VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 121.
VISITORS CARRY
AMEICAN FLAGS
Callers., at: Canton Continue
••• ; to ' .Show Unabating
• • >.!;.";:.• Fatriptlsm. [
: POPUJJSJt \ PILGRIMAGES.
Delegations Journey to Exhibit
• Their Loyalty to the Cause
. •; ;* *> of Protection. ' >
• iff A JOE 'M'KINLEY'S. SPEECHES.
, Particularly Pleas d Wjth the Greeting
J-frtl of the Afr.caa Metbedist Epis*
'..;*'■; cop Ministers.
• • • CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 28.— Major Mc-
Kinley began the active work of the weeK
with two speeches to-day. Both speeches
were' snort and both w^-re received with
enthusiasm. The first cabers were from
Lisbon, in Columbiana County, and were
• some of Major McKinley's former con
" stituents. fh<j delegation numbered sev
. • erar hundred, about, s xty ladies accom
• ; '. panying.'the parjty. The men all carried
'. emajl American flags. After a sorg from
. ; a gJee .c]ub, "Congressman R. \\\ Taylor,
. _ who'represents. M*ajor McKinley's old dis
- trict,,'inade a short, '-address.- Major Me
.-. Kinley.,;replying, 'said in pant: .•. .
1 need not say lo you that I am flee ply moved
by" this calf on th*is inclement day f-rom my old
°co.nstftiiVnts and from the -home where my
•a'dcestbrs . lived. ,1. am' glad, . indeed, to have
be>n connected with apiece of National legis
"'lation that gave to the town of Lisbon an en
terprising tinplat» plant which eives employ
. uieut, 'as, I am informed, to more than 325
.people. You farmers and merchants and busi
ness men, know how valuable that plant has
. been to their community, and county, and I
Hibmlt to- you. no matterwhat may have been
-,'OiUics in the pt-st, whether you would
;not prefer to have that tinplate factory in your
.county and in your 6iate. than to hwe it in
Wales. -tGreat apblause and cnesof "B.ghtl
.rigfirP/] "ft. only illustrates what has been
.. .eeid-'tho'usaiids, upon. thousands of times by
. thest^tesmeriof -the past and by the leaders
.of the.presenti tbatthe more factories you can
' haye.iin any commuility, the better will be the
•- genera! buy^es* conditions and the better will
"be tfi£ market for, 'the farmer. [Applause.]: ■
But.tt;-is riot my purpose, gentlemen, to' ad
■ .dress you upon political questions this aftes
■ •■.ifpo-n.-as tWs.to me is more in tne nature of a
.vis-ltijrom qia'and valued friends, and as such
I ~ad.drjMsybu. £ cannot forbear to congratu
late, you upiiri, the .splendid choice you have
made jfc\T .your representative in the person of
_ - Mt. TJayior. ■ A Congressional district does the
.righf.thing.when U s-ends a young man to the
National House'qi'Regresentatives, and as you
_ '. na'yeselected-one' so able and So experienced,
••. I ata.-Bure. ever^- interest of yours, large or
•small, '-wrirbe.carefully guarded. [Applause.]
Your.- presence here indicates thut "you have
not.'ipsrintt'rest in Republican principles, and
• fKa-t y6u "are quite'laa much concerned, if not
• xnore^oncerncd, ; i'n their triumph this ye.ar
■ . 'than.'your'ha've' 'ever. been. I will not venture
t« enter- any •political discussion this after
• _r;oen;'fJbet.ing terrain that the good old county
of Columbiana has already determined that
• her v.ote shali "be given for a sotind currency,
en un.qpieUioned National credit, an American
protective tarffhind reciprocity, the supremscy
oi law ahd tot tne -peace and order of sp<Jiety.
[Cheers.] . • ' .
Thje stcond delegation arrived about 2
' o'clock' from Cleveland. It was made up
of about 300 colored voters. 1 Among them
were the clergymen and delegates wao
have been attending the Northwestern
Ohio conference of, the Africau-£.merican
: M. E. Church. State-Senator J. H v Green
introduced Bishop B. I<\ Lee, who .in turn
• introduced Bishop B. W. Arnett. Bishop
Arnett made a spirited address, and after
Major McKinley nad finished speaking be
stepped forward, 'grasped the candidate's
hand and said : % • • . " ' : :
"Major McKrinley, I'lxa.ve- shaken hands
with every President fnora Lincoln down
. and.l want the honor of" conferring the
Presidential -succession vp r on.yo.u." ',
In his speech Bis.hop Arnett said to
. McKinley: "Eiglit millions' of colored
people look upon. y.ou as- the star'o'f- hope
for their race and for the; country-. "•'. -. '
Sfajor'McKinley in. reply to theipokes
man's words of greeting said:' : ' :
Bishop Lee, Bishop Ar'nett and' my feHow
cltizens: -This is to me'a most interes.ting'ai.a
inspiring calr. I appreciate .the. kia.d woTds,
the eloquent words, spoken p'y bishop A-rnett,
The.- move -my soul. They inspire me' with
confidence. I w^sh his voice and his {'atriotic
(ten ti menu, so well 'ex^re'ssed, might, have
' been neard by thousands rattier than the few
. hundreds' .gathered^ abotft 'mfc to-day. lAp-'
plause.] " . *•_'*• ...
I am 'glad to meet the ministers of the Afri
■can-Methodist'. Episcopal church; that you
should .hate set aside the business .of your an
suai .conference long 'enough to par me a
' visit is an honor which I greatly appreciate
and shall jtlways reraereber. It is a matchless,
civilization in. which w« .live; a civilization
• 'that recognizes the common and universal
brotherhood of man. [Great applause.] It.is
a glorious constitution, .ttte American ctjnsii
. tution under wnich we" live, that seiures to.
every citizen beneath our flag absolute free
dom of religious doctrine and privilege and
belief; a constitution that recognizes neither
creed nor color, nor race, nor nationality, nor.
caste, nor classes [great applause], but protects
and defends all alike and accords-to each civil |
aDd religious iiberty. * • . • •
* The history of your race is one of wonderfiil
progress under the most trying ana difficult
• circumstances. Not only have you been Iook
• ing carefully after the intellectual, but you
have not neglec.tud the moral condition of
your race. You have recognized, and properly
co, that good character is quite as essential as
good education [applause]; that good morals
are more indispensable tnan learning. [Re
newed applause.] Both should go together.
In twenty years the membership of your
church alone has increased from 174,000 to
abojit" 6oo,ooo and your preachers from 1334
to 4452.
lam glad to note the advancement of any
organisation which has for its object the ele-
v ation of manknd and the improvement and
bettermeutof our citizens. [Applause.] You
and the race to which you belong have my
hearty congratulations upon the progress you
have already made and my prayer for still
greater progress in the future. [Great ap
pinure.] I bid you improve the glorious oppor
tunities with which you are blessed. [Ap
plause.]
I recall, as I stand in your presence to-day
with peculiar pleasure, that during the great
international exposition at Chicago at the j
The San Francisco Call.
World's Parliament of Religion, when men of
all countries and races ana religions had as
sembled under one roof, your Bishop Arnett
was chosen to represent your race. [Great ap
plause.] It was a his*h and deserved distinc
tion. • With what modesty and ability he bore
the honor; with what credit to your race and
to our c mntry he discharged the duty, every
Ohioan knows and every Oaioan feels an in
creasing pride in him and tbe race he repre
sents. May God bless and keep you all. [Great
applause.]
Five delegations are expected here to
morrow.
COMPLETION OF CONGRESS.
Republican* to JB.are n Safe Working Ma
jority in the Houne. ,
• WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 28.— The
first rough estimate of the -political com
plexion of the next House of Representa
tives h*as been made at the Republican Con
gressional headquarters, though care is
taken that the estimate shall not be con
sidered as an official statement issued by
the committee. According to this state
ment there can be no reasonable doubt
that the next House will be Republican,
though it is conceded that it is not ex
pected that the phenomenal and at times
unwieldy majority of the present House
will be retained. From the figures now in
the hands of the committee a modest ma
jority of only seven is claimed, but a study
of the States will show that in every case
there has been claimed only the lowest
possible number of representatives. Thus
in Indiana, which is now represented in
the House by a full delegation of thirteen
Republicans, only nine members are
claimed. Similarly only twelve Republi
cans are claimed for Ohio, though there
are at present nineteen Republicans in the
House. A spirit of extreme conservatism
has been maintained throughout, and the
outlook is accordingly that the first official
statement issued by Chairman Babcock
will.be far more liberal in its claims. The
following condensed statement will «-how
where the Republicans hope to win their
representatives:
Alabama. 1 Maine 4
Connec.lcut 4 New Hampshire 2
Delaware , ... 1 New Jersey..-. 7
Illinois 12 New Yoric 32
Indiana. 9 North Carolina. a
lowa li Ohio. 12
Kansas 4' Oregon 2
Maryland 4; Pennsylvania......... 26
Massachusetts ...IS Tennessee . 2
Michigan 8 Rhode Island ".".".". 2
Minnesota 5 Wrmont . . 2
Mis«uri...^ 3 West Virginia '. 2
Nebraska. 5 Wisconsin. 9
Kentucky- 6
A total pf 186.
The conservatism of this claim will be
conceded Dy every one. Nothing has been
claimed in th* statement from the Pacific
Coast, though it is believed that Califor
nia, for instance, will send, no less than
five Republicans to the next House. Nor
are any members claimed from Nevada,
Utah, Washington,. Idaho, Wyoming,
North and South Dakota, South Carolina
or Virginia, all of widen have Republican
representatives in the present House. It
is still early for even an approximately
accurate forecast, out the foregoing state
ment shows beyond a doubt that the
House will have a safe working majority
lor the Republicans. * t '• :
ENTRUSLASM IN IOWA.
. . ■ • ■ .---.-. ■■■ -
Many Turn Out to JB-nr the Sp**ch*g of
the Sotcd'Hrpuhllcan General*. ■■ •
MARSH ALLTOWN, lowa, Sept. 28.—
Generals Alger, Howard, Stewart, Sickels
and Corporal Tanner reached here this
afternoon and spoke to a large gathering
of enthusiastic auditors. The party
reached Dubuque from the west before
daylight and were welcomed by a large
number of citizens. They remained
quietly in their car until 9:30 o'clock,
when they were driven to Washington
P&rk, where they spoke for two hours.
Hundreds of excursionist-; from neighbor
ing towns came on morning specials, and
it is estimated that 10,000 people were in
line.
Senator Allison, Congressman Hender
san and Governor Drake joined the party
here. Congressman Henderson presided
at the meeting and addresses of welcome
were delivered by Senator Allison on the
part of the city and by Governor Drake on
behalf of the State. At noon the party
left for the West, Senator Allison accom
panying the touring generals through the
Siate.
At Waterloo the party was given a rous
ing reception, and the enthusiasm mani
fested at all other points in the State was
duplicated.
OHIO BA NK FOR McKINLEY.
Republican* Will Carry the State by One
Hundred Ihoueand.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 28.— A larger
number of assignments were made by the
speakers' bureau of the. Republican Na
tional Committee than on any previous
day. Among the callers at Republican
headquarters .to-day was Hon. Charles
Poster of Ohio, ex-Secretary of the Treas
ury. He addressed the noonday meeting
of the McKinley Commercial Travelers'
Club and predicted that. Ohio will give
McKinley 100,000 majority. He says the
Democrats are for sound money, and that
wherever be spoke in Ohio" prominent
members of that party occupied the stage.
Mr. Foster left to-night for St. Louis,
where he will speak «t many places.
Lieutenant-Governor Robert Kennedy
of Ohio also called at headquarters. He
is on his way home from lowa, which
State he declares will go Republican by
80,000 or over. . '
COLONEL CONGER CONFIRENT.
Sayi JMeKinley ft ill t'atily Win in In
ditna, Illinai* and Ohio.
■ NE W' YORK, N. V., Sept. 28.— Colonel
A. L. Conger. Republican National Com
mitUeman from Ohio, was in consultation
.at the Fifth-avenue Hotel last nieh't with
Executive Corumitteemen Afanley, Scott
and Clayton. The colonel has just com
pleCed a trip through Indiana. Illinois,
lowa and other middle Western States.
"Indiana is certaia to go for McKinley."
said Colonel Conger. "I make the predic
tion that at least 30,000 sound-money
Democrats who are intending to support
Palmer and Buckner will, rather than
waste half their ammunition, vote straight
for McKinley and Hobart. I expect to see
McKinley carry the State by from 20 000 to
30,000." . ' '
''•What of Illinois?"
"McKinley will carry it by upward of
50,000. A month ago there was certainly
a very strong free-silver sentiment there
but since then there has been a tremen
dous revulsion. The resentment against
Aitgeld and Altgeldism is growing daily
more intense." •
Wb«tof the reports that free silver is
still Htronu' in Northern Ohio?"
"Thai is an invention of the enemy
Efforts have been made by the Popocra'ic
managers to manufacture" political capital
out of fhe recent strike and the calling out
of the military in Cleveland, mainly be
cause it is the home of Chairman Hanna
Ohio will give McKinlev the greatest
plurality, ever given a candidate for the
Presidency"
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
Where " The Examiner " Will Be Found.
From Mr. Hearst's San Francisco Mouthpiece—-" The Examiner is a
Democratic paper, but it knows something higher than party in local
Government/
CHECKING ABDUL
HAMID'S COURSE
Turkey's Sultan, Must Carry
Out All the Reforms
Demanded.
FRANCE ACTS PROMPTLY
Embassador Cambon Informs the
Porte That the Powers
Will Interfere.
PALACE COURTIERS ARE IXILEE
Suspected of Plotting With the Heir
to the Throne to Depose the
Cunning Despot.
PARIS. Fbakck. Sept 28.— A dispatch
to tbe Temps from Constantinople says
that M. Cambon, tbe French Embassador,
has informed his colleagues that during
his audience with the Su'.tan on Friday
last he acquainted his Majesty with the
uneasines* that the recent unchecked an
archy in Constantinople caused in Europe.
He declared that a repetition of the dis
order would lead Europe to intervene, in
consequence of the danger to which for
eigners would be exposed. He advixed
rbe Sultan to exercise c emency, to bring
about the pacification of the Armenians
and to differentiate tbe peaceful masses
from the revolutionary element.
M. Cambon further stated that he had de
manded the release of thousands of inno
cent persons who were in prison, the con
voking of the Armenian Assembly for tbe
election of a patriarch and tbe execution
of the reforms that had been promised by
his Majesty. It is stated that the Sultan
promised to convoke the assembly and to
extend the promised reforms to the whoie
empire.
LONDON, Enq., Sept. 28.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Constantinople saying that the Sul
tan das exiled his second wife and a num
ber of palace courtiers on suspicion that
they were plotting with the heir to the
throne and his brother, the ex-Sultan
Murad, to depose him.
Lord George Hamilton, Secretary of
State for India, has written a letter on the
Turkish question, which will be published
to-morrow. An extract from this letter
is believed to be indicative of Great
Britain's view on the subject. Tne writer
says that Turkey can be kept together and
that her dissolution must result in the ag
grandizement of Russia, whose vassal the
Sultan now virtually is.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tubkey, Bept. 28.
The Porte nas issued a statement rejoicing
at the apparent reaction in some of the
London newspapers against the excessive
anti-Sultan agitation in Great Britain,
which it declares is answerable for the
terror in Constantinople, the foreign resi
dents naturally fearing tbe wrath of the
Mussulmans at the insults to the Sultan
uttered by tbe speakers at the public meet
ings and by the journals of Kneland. The
statement continues:
'Despite their organized agitation, vitu
peration and clamorous provocation ema
nating from London, tbe Porte has suc
ceeded, by dint of energy and watchful
ness, in proving to Europe that the alarm t
of its English inaulters is unfounded. The j
Porte does not associate the British na
tion, for which it nas the highest regard,
with the agitation of a few hot-brained
politicians who are led astray by their
passions. The moderation of the Euro
pean nations will, far mar* than the
rociferation oi England, help the Porte to
protect foreigner* and Turkish subjects in
the capital against the plots of Armenian
revolutionists'."
TELEGRAPHERS TO STRIKE
All the Train-Dispatchers on the
Canadian Pacific Are
Called Out.
An Order That Hay Tie Up the Rail
road From the Atlantic to
the Pacific.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Sept 28.— A1l the
train dispatcher* on the Canadian Pacific
Railway system were ordered out on
strike tonight by T. M. Pierson, second
assistant grand chief of the Order of Kail
way Teles vaphers. The strike is the result
of an alleged grievance on the part of the
dispatchers.
Pierson arrived here a few days ago and
met the members of the committee repre
senting this branch of railway employes.
At his suggestion the members of the
committee waited npon the assistant
general manager and the vice-president
of the Canadian Pacific Railway. They
formulated their grievances, which cover
grounds from the smallest to the most
important items. There are in many
cases demands for increased pay or state
ments that the former rate had been re
duced. The deputation was not received
by the two officers named, who claim
that the elementary agreement between
the company and the men had been
broken, inasmuch as the complaint from
any certain district should first of all be
referred to the division superintendent in
charge of that portion of the system, and
then, if satisfaction is not received from
him, to the general superintendent and so
on to the president himself.
An effort was made to reach an amica
ble settlement to-day, but without avail,
and at 9 o'clock to-nieht Assistant Grand
Chi-f Pierson ordered all agents, dis
patchers and operators on the system
who are members of the order to strike.
The order, it is claimed by Pierson, will
affect over 700 men and will involve the
Canadian Pacific Railway system from
coast to -coast.
TORONTO. Oitt., Sept. 28— While it is
not known yet to what extent the order
will be applied in this division there is a
feeling that the situation is critical and
the strike may extend to other branches
of the employes. The conferences at Mon
treal with the division officers have been
carried on all evening. At midnight a
dispatcher here and one at Toronto Junc
tion went out It is claimed that the
strike will not affect the passenger service
and that on morning trains operators will
go out *o fill any gaps which have been
made. A total extent of the movement
cannot be estimated to-night
CREBRIS WORRY THE SPANISE.
Cuban* Make Attack* Along the Line of
the Western Irocha.
HAVANA, Cuba, Sept 28 —On Friday
night last rebel bands made attacks upon
the Spanish troops along the whole line of
the western trocha.
They were driven off in some places,
while in others they retired of their own
accord. T c attacks were renewed the
next night with the same result. It is be
lieved the rebels bad no intention of cross
ing the trocha, but simply made the at
tacks to harass the troops.
WHITNEY TO WED
MRS, RANDOLPH,
At Bar Harbor Tc-Day the
ex-Secretary Is to Be
Married.
PROMINENCE IS AVOIDED
Owing to Recent Deaths ard
Absence of Family Members
Few Are to Attend.
THE WIDOW OP A CAPTAIH.
The Bride Is Also a First Cms in oi
Herman Oelrichs and Mrs.
William Jay.
BAR HARBOR, Ms., Sept. 28.— Hon.
vV. C. Whitney, former Secretary of the
Navy, will be married at St. Sauvenrs
Episcopal Church here to-morrow to Mrs.
E. S. Randolph of New York, to whom he
was reported to be engaged last summer.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 28.— T. J.
Reagan, private secretary to William. C.
Whitney, to-night confirmed the Bar
Harbor (Me.) dispatch to the
United Associated Presses which an
nounces that the ex-Secretary would be
married to-morrow to Mrs. Edith Ran
dolph. Mrs. Randolph is the widow of
Captain Arthur Randolph of the Fifteenth
Hussars, "Queen's Own" regiment, of
England.
The wedding is to take place at noon to
morrow, almost immediately following
the promulgation of the engagement,
as Mr. Whitney hoped thereby to
avoid any unnecessary prominence
being given to the affair. The chief
reason for this is because of the death a
few days ago of ex-Senator Henry B.
Payne of Ohio, the father of the late Mrs.
Whitney. Only half a dozen friends have
been invited. The bride and groom will,
it is said, remain at Bar Harbor in
definitely.
Harry Payne Whitney and his wife,
who have just been married, will not at
tend the wedding, as they are to leave
Lenox for Yokohama, Japan. Mr. and
Mrs. A. H. Paget. the latter
Mr. Whitney's daughter, are now
in the Adirondacks, and because of
the expected illness of Mrs. Paget, neither
will be able to be at Bar Harbor. The
guests who have been invited have not
been made known by Mr. Whitney
or Mrs. Randolph. Mrs. Randolph
before her marriage to Captain
Randolph was Edith 8. May of the May
family of this city and Baltimore. Mrs.
Randolph is a first cousin of Herman
Oelrichs and of Mrs. William Jay, wife of
Colonel Jay.
H'rdded at fiuzt rrdt Bay.
BUZZARDS BAY, Mass., Sept. 28.—
Miss Margaret, daughter of Charles Jeffer
son and granddaughter of the veteran
actor, Joe Jefferson, was united in mar
riage to John McDonough of New York at
noon here to-day. The President and
Mrs. Cleveland, who are personal friends
of the Jeffersons, were present,
MUNICIPAL TICKET RECEIVED
Nominations of the Audi
torium Convention
Are Filed.
THIS IS THE REGULAR
REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Bolters Can't Get on the Official
Ballot by Except Some
Other Party Title.
LEGISLATIVE NOMINEES WITH
HELD FOR THE PRESENT
Registrar Hinton Calls Major MeLaughlin's Atten
tion to the Law Governing His Duties
in the Matter.
At a late hour last night Registrar Hin
ton announced that he would file as tne
regular Republican ticket the municipal
ticket nominated by the Auditorium Con
vention last Saturday night.
He announced further that he would
hold the nominations of Assemblymen
and Senators in abeyance for the present,
as he bad not yet made up his mind con
cerning them.
The conference of the executive com
mittee cf the Republican State Central
Committee announced to take place at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon for the pur
pose of considering the application of
Martin Kelly and Senator Mahoney to be
allowed to break their way into the Re
publican party did not occur. The com
mittee met and, at the request of Major
McLanghlin, adjourned without taking
any action.
It was decided to refer the matter to the
State Central Committee, which will meet
at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Chairman Thomas D. Riordan of the
Republican County Convention yesterday
filed the certificates of the candi
dates of the convention with Registrar
Hinton and asked to have them
placed on the official ballot. Mr. Hinton
replied that he would take the matter
under advisement until 5 o'clock in the
afternoon, he being desirous of consulting
his attorney. At the hour named Messrs.
Thomas D. Riordan. J. Alva Watt, An
drew Branch, W. W. Bansman and Secre
tary Ricard called npon the Registrar.
The Registrar said that he was not then
ready to do anything in the matter. He
added:
"I have been so busy with the matter
that I have not had time to take my
meals. I will say, however, that what
ever my decision will be it will be upon
the merits of the case as it stood when it
was submitted to me, without regard to
anything which may have happened since
that time. Mr. Spear has filed with me a
request that I place npon the ticket the
names of >be Assemblymen nominated
from the Fourth Congressional District.
He says that the Republican County Com
mittee had no authority because it was
created by the municipal convention."
Mr. Riordan laughed sarcastically at this
claim.
"If you wish I will discuss that ques
tion," said Mr. Watt.
Mr. Watt then made the following state
ment:
The County Committee whioh created this
convention is the successor of the convention
of 1892. We can go back through a long series
ot years with the same result. In 1892 the
convention doubled the County Committee
that was elected. That was the convention
which Martin Kelly and Phil Crimmins were
supposed to control. The committee con
tinued in existence until 1894.
Just about that time Colonel Dan Burns
made bis appearance in municipal politics,
and secured control of the County Committee
and laid Kelly and Crimmins on the shelf.
Colonel Burns enlarged the committee, and
that committee called a convention in 1894,
which met and elected a County Committee
for the succeeding two years. The committee
so elected has continued in existence until
this time and is still in existence, and no
question whatever as to the legality or regu
larity of these committees or conventions has
been raised.
We are the regular successors of the pre
ceding County Committee. Our County Com
mittee called this convention this year in
accordance with the precedent, not only of the
Republican party but of all the parties. We
held primaries in the usual manner and the
call adopted for this convention was precisely
the same as that of two years ago, the validity
of which no one questions. The same prece
dents were adopted and the ticket was elected
in the same manner.
"On what ground did. Michael Henry
get in his work with the National Com
mittee — I mean M. H. de Young?" said
Mr. Hinton.
"That is another story," replied Mr.
Watt, "it is municipal politics we are
talkine about now. So far as their right
to nominate Congressmen and Presiden
tial electors is concerned in the Fourth
District there is no dispute. They were
right in that matter as well as in the Fiftb
Congressional District. In that district,
after we had finished the business for
which the convention had been called, we
adjourned. The Fourth District Conven
tion, instead of doing likewise, assumed
to constitute a municipal convention."
Mr. Watt continued and explainei that
the certificate from the National Commit
tee recognizing the Fourth Congressional
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
District Convention did not confer any
power npon that convention. It merely
recognized it as the proper Congressional
convention from that district. Ho said:
Now.'l understand that the other side pre
tends that a Joint meeting of the Fourth and
Fifth Congressional districts had been called,
but I dnny that. I urn chairman.of the Fifth
District Convention, and since it made its
no miii at ions I have never called a meet
ing. I was never requested to call
a meeting of that convention and I know that
no such meeting was ever held. Nobody but
I could hay • called it, because it had ad
journed subject to Vie call of the chair. So I
repeat it that there never was a joint meeting
of the two Congressional districts.
But that is not the ground of our contention
here. We are the legitimate and regular suc
cessors of the County committees for' gen
erations past in this City. 41r. Mahoney,
now with Mr. Kelly as one of the leaders of
the opposition, went to the meeting which
two years ago created this County Committee
'.and had a good deai to say in naming a lot of
the members of that committee.
"It was Mahoney and his tactics that
sent Sternberg and Day across the bay,"
suggested Secretary Ricaid.
Mr. Watt continued to argue that every
nomination in every county in this btate
was made through the jurisdiction of the
County Committee, and if the Congres
sional conventions had the right to make
county nominations then there has not
been a legal nomination made in any
county in the State.
Said Registrar Hi nton: "I am getting
this matter in hand and I will write a
reply to Major McLaughlin to the effect
that I will decide this matter irrespective
of what may have taken place since the
application to file this certificate was pre
sented to me."
The gentlemen then withdrew.
Major McLaughlin addressed the fo now
lowing letter to Mr. Hintoa as a represent
ative of the State Central Committee and
in the interest of fairness, with a desire to
see that justice should be done to both
sides of the controversy:
Hon. William M. Hinton, Registrar of Voters,
CUy—DzA.& Sib: It is doubtless well known to
you that there are in session' in this City at
the present time two Republican municipal
conventions. Under the ltrtv of tnls State it is
your duty beyond question to decide
which of the certificates of nomina
tion that will - be presented to you
by said conventions snail be tiled. lam fully
aware that there can be but one Republican
municipal ticket on the official ballot, and
that you must determine, in case of contest,
which nominations snail compose that ballot.
I assure you that it is far from my purpose
to attempt to influence you in any way in de
termining this important point. Your stand
ing in this community, both personally and
officially, forbids even the thought and would
do great injustice both to you and to myself.
I am actuated in addressing you by moires
of fair dealing only. It is my duty as chair
man, of tne Republican- .State. Central Com
mittee to harmonize, if possible, all the differ
ences in the party. I have endeavored to
perform that duty in this instance, and, in so
doing, requested both conventions to cease
their deliberations, and (o endeavor to come
to some amicable agreement whereby party
unity could be restored and consequently but
one certificate of nomination be presented to
you for filing.
In accordance with my request, one of said
conventions adjourned until Monday night,
the 28th inst., and therefore cannot present to
you for filing Its* 'certificate of nominations
before Tuesday, tne-29th inst. The represent
atives of said convention have petitioned me
to request you to withhold tfife filing of any
certificate of nominations by the opposing
convention, should one be > resented t<t you,
until Tuesday, the 29th inst.
Under the circumstances that I have de
scribed, it is but just that I accord to them
their request. In doing so Ido not intend in
any way, were such a thing possible, to- influ
ence you in the least degree in your decision
regarding which one of the conventions is the
legal one and entitled to have its certificate of
nomination filed.
I only ask tuat you delay the determination
of this matter until both certificates of nomi
nation are submitted -to you, which, lam re
liably informed, will not be later than Tues
day, the 29th inst. Very respectfully,
Frank McLaughlin, Chairman.
Registrar Hinton's action was of itself a
reply to this communication, and showed
that the Registrar had already made up
his mind to recognize the nominations as
those of the regular Rerublican party.
The following is Mr. Hinton's reply :
Office of Registrar of Voters i
San Francisco, Cal., Sept. 28, 1896. |
H'-n. Frank McLaughlin, Chairman R*pub ican
State I'ommittce, ' ity — Dear Sir: Your letter of
September 26, 1896, requesting the Registrar
Continued on Fifth Pag*.2
BRYAN'S TRAVELS
IN NEW ENGLAND
Delivers Many Speeches to
* Inquisitive Crowds of
.■: ' '.. '• '• Natives.
SOME QUESTIONS ASKED
'People Who Do Net Swallow
.:':•: the; \ Silver Argument *
•A'.ivix.:? Very Readily.
'• PLEA FOE THE 7ALE STUDENTB
/ The Boy Orator Asks That the Young
; '= ! Collegians B3 Not Judged
I Harshly.
N&WYORK. N. V., Se.pt. 28.—Candi
date; Bryan's journey from New London
to New York was interesting chiefly by
his reception at New Haven and his pub
lic comment while there on the trouble
the Yale studeats cave him the other day.
As if to show Mr. Bryan how many peo
ple in the old college town disapproved of
the annoyances which he suffered at the
hands of the students, New Haven people
gathered in force at the railroad station to
Bee fhe Presidential candidate. Several
thousand were present as ihe train came
.to a ,stapdstill. The cheering was very
hearty as he appeared and the few re
marks he made were roundly applauded.
■ Mr. Bryan said :
I entered New England when 1 entered Con
necticut, and I will leave New England when'
.1 leave Connecticut to-night. My visit has
' been a very pleasant one And 1 shall carry
away with me only agreeable recollections.
"There are no Yale students here to
day', Mt. Bryan," called out somebody in
the crtfwd.
>"Do i not criticise the boys so harshly,"
"said Mr. Bryan; "I am not inclined to
icnticise them as severely es some others
.have, I have been a college' boy myself, ]
and 1 am inclined to attribute their inter- :
ruption more to youthful exuberance than I
to any deliberate- intention to interfere ;
with free speech. [Cheers.] I shall always i
be glad to return to New Haven when cir- <.
cnmstauces will permit, and 1 am sure [
that whatever may be my. subject I will i
be able to find persons here who are j
willing t<> listen even tf they do not agree.
[Great applause.] I am glad to notice
{he growjhsf the silver sentiment '.n New !
England." . |
The trairn remained at New Haven five i
minutes only, and" as it drew out of the
' station an enthusiastic yell went up Iroiu
the assemblage.
I£ was 3r20 o'c'ojok when Mr; Bryan
reached Brfdgepsrt, twenty mi-nutes iatpr. \
A gdQd sized crowd was there, and Mr.
Bryan was oheered. Mcc cheers came at ;
'Stamford, where quite a- throng was gath- '
ered.
Mr. Bryan arrived at the Hotel Bar- i
tboldi in this, city at 5 o'clock this even- i
ing. A crowd, of about 200 people gathered j
about (he hotel and cheered ihe-oandiiiate '
heartily. • ■ . * .
. Concerning thfe suspicion that the barn
ing, of .the Burns underwear, factory ht i
•Worcester .Saturday night was due %o I
revenge for j4ie action of .tn.e proprietor in '■
suspending the red flag; of anarchy with j
• the picture oj William J. Bryan on it, : Mr. I
" jjry-arrmade this statement to a represen
. tatiye of the United Associated Presses
this evening:
; "There is nothine I care to say on -the j
subject. Ido not believe that »ny a'dvo- \
cate bf free silver would do harm to Mr.
• Burns or to his property. .While Mr.
Burns' action last Friday was not very '
courteous, I- paid no nttention to it. He i
had a rignt to decorate his building as he
• chose, even though the decorations might
• be 1 offensive to his political opponents,
. and his neighbor have a right to crituiz«
- his actions if they see fit to do so. Bui if
any one has attempted to injure him or
his properly such person oueht to be pun
ished like any other vioiater of the law. i
No political reason can excuse an attack ;
ton person or property. Our campaign is !
t a campaign oi education, and no true
friend of the cause will attempt to violate
this law, no matter how bitterly the gold- j
. standard men mny assail us or our pnn- .
cir-les."
Mr. Bryan remained at the Barthoidi |
■ less than an hour. Shortly before 6 j
o'clock he Marted for New Jersey.
, • PATERSON.N. J.. Sept. 28. --William \
' J. Bryan was received by a crowd of 20,000
. people in this city to-night. It was one of
•' the noisiest and hardest crowds to control
that Mr. Bryan has faced thus far in the
campaign. The candidate arrived from
. New. Yorjfc at 6:53 and was met- at the
depot by a committee and escorted in a
carriage" to the speaker's stand on Coates
Hill,, about which an immense throng
gathered. Just as the carriage appeared
the horses became frightened at bursting
bombs and- plunged forward. The crowd
became almost panic-stricken. They could
not fallb ack owing to the solid wali of
human beings behind. Two policemen
jumped ior-ward and grasped the bridles,
holding ths horses in check before any
damage was done. Witn much difficulty
Mr. .Bryan was pushed upon the plat
form. .The crowd was very noisy and it
' was impossible* to secure silence for over
fifteen minutes.
When quiej was restored Mr. Bryan was
introduced by Munson Force, chairman
of .the . Democratic County Committee.
Mr. Bryan discussed the money question
at great length. .
• ' . •
TALKS MUCEL AS BE TBATELb.
Jlrj/an. Plead § for Free Silver to Mew
•• England Audience*. ■'
LYtf-N,* Mass., Bept. .28. — William J.
•Brjan • reached Lynn from Bath at 5:30
'-o'clock this morning. Five .hours of sltfep
bad been his preparation for to-day's bard
work. He reached Newbury port at 4:45,
where a reception committee from Lynn
boarded the train, and other local dele
gations met him and led the cheering for
a Knot of sleepy - looking people wno
awaited his coming. With' Mr. Bryan
were Arthur wall, who will accompany
• his running mate to New York; Josephus
"Daniels of North Carolina, Fred W.
Plaisted of Augusta and S. S. and M. W.
• Bewail, nephews of in* Vice- Presidential
candidate.
The party -was taken to the Hotel Sey
mour, and while breakfast was being pre
pared Mr. Bryan tried to get a little more
sleep. At 7:30 o'clock Mr. Bryan and
Mr. ; Bewail left the Hotel j Seymour ' for
Highland square, where the Presidential
candidate spoke. Despite the early hour
.a 'great crowd . had gathered there. % Mr.
Bryan was introduced by John Driscoll
and made a half-hour speech. Mr. Bryan
said in part:
: Our opponents are all the time asserting
that business men ought to take an interest in
this campaign in order to protect, their busi
ness interests. It has always made me indig
nant that a lew people in each community
should assume to b« the only business people
. in it and should always insist upon thrusting
their business Interests forward in preference
to anybody else's business interests. I have
always believed that any one who contributed
to a nation's prosperity, who added to a na
tion's wealth or to a nation's greatness, was a
business man. [Applause.] " Sometimes our
opponents try 10 array the waße-eHrnin*
class— they who work in 'factories or ; by the
day for an employer— against the .farming
classes. I want to show you that you cannot
separate the interests of the wage-earning
classes from the interests of the farming
classes. You don't produce shoes for orna
ment, but for wear. ■
People cannot wear shoes until they are able
o buy shoes and they cannot buy shoes unless
they have the money to buy with, and they
cannot get money to buy shoes with until they
sell something they have and get that money.
Now, you sell shoes to people West and South.
If you drive down the price of all those things
which the farmers produce so that when they
sell their crops they cannot more than pay
their debts and interest and taxes, what money
will they have to buy shoes with? Are you go
ing to add to the prosperity of Lynn by mak
ing more people go barefoot? [Cries of "No,
never."] The wage-earners of Lynn will be idle
until there is a demand for the products of the
factories of Lynn, and there can be no demand
for that product as long as you drive money
up and property down. ;
Falling prices— hard times, and hard times
have never been advocated in a platform by
any party, although the Republican platform
this year, without directly saying so, promises
to continue times hard and make them
harder. [Applause.] Do you deny that propo
sition? I want you to look at that platform.
It declares a gold standard is not desirable be
cause the party pledges itself to get rid of it.
If the double standard is not more desirable
than tha gold standard why does the Republi
can party want to make any change? If the
gold standard is good we ought to keep it, but
when the Republican party attempts to get rid
of it it admits it is not as good as bimetallism.
But they promise you, notwithstanding their
desire to get rid of the gold standard, that they
will keep it until other nations help us to get
rid of it. Until then they say we must maintain
the gold standard [A voice: "Yes, but we
won't." [No, I aon't think we will myself.
If we maintain the gold standard we must
maintain those things which are necessarily
attached to it. We must maintain this system
of issuing bonds to buy gold whenever we
want gold. When we issue bonds and buy
gold we create a demand for gold and raise its
purchasing power throughout the world, but
we are contracting our currency by piling it
up in the vaults at Washington when it ought
to be out doing business among the people.
[Applause.]
You manufacturers and merchants go to the
banks for money. The banks tell you they
are very sorry they cannot loan any more ju-t
now. There c-ui be no more in this country
than the people permit. If you make your
laws so you draw a part of the money, out of
circulation and lock it up you cannot use it in
your business and have it in the vaults at
Washington at the same time.
That looks plain enough. Yet there are
financier* who go on the theory that the more
money you take out ot circulation the more
you have left in it. [Applause.] There are
financiers who actually r.jotc d ai the issue of
bonds, and said it would restore confidence.
They are trying to run business in this coun
try with a larger and larger percentage of con
fidence to the amount of money on hand
[laughter], and if tbey go on the people will
have all the confidence and no money.
[Laughter.]
There is only one place where they think the
confidence game won't work. You go to one
of these men who is all the time talking about
confidence and ask him to loan money. lie
"What security have you?" You say,
"I will give you ail the confidence you want. 111 1
He will tell you he is not loaning on confi
dence this year. [Laughter.) \
Why is it the financiers are so anxious for
you to have confidence in them when they
dont' have any confidence in you? They want i
security and tell you to get a good name on
your note or put something up that is sala
ble.' The troub.e is that thiugs'that used to
be salable are not so any more. Security that
used to be good is not good security any more.
They are driving down the value of . your se- i
curity by' driving up the value of money. |
There is only oae way to restore confidence j
a ml that ie to give confidence a babis to rest on.
Mr. Bryan returned with Mr. Sewalland j
the other members of the party to th* '
Boston and Maine Railroad station, fol
lowed by a big crowd, whici cheered him !
repeatedly. The party took the 8:20 ex- j
press for Boston.
BOSTON, .Mass., Sept. 28.— Arriving at i
the Union station here at 8:28 a. m. the
candidate, and those 'accompanying them
jumped into carriages and were driven
rapidly across town to tne Park-square
station, wuere they boarded the Colonial
express of the Providence division of the
New YorK, New Haven and Hartford j
Railroad, which left at 9 o'clock for Provi
dence. . " " •
George Fred Williams met Mr. Bryan ]
and Mr. Sewall at the Park-Square station j
and left with them on the tra n. <
PROVIDENCE. R. L, Sept. 28.— Mr. i
Bryan's trip from Boston to Providence I
was without special incident. No stops '
were made en rouie, and Providence was '
reacned at 10:01. Fifteen thousand neople
greeted Mr. Bryan in this city. A plat
form had been erected near the soldie.s'
and sailors' monument on Exchange
place, and here ex-Governor Davis intro
duced the Democratic candidate. After
warning the crowd against pickpockets
Mr. Bryan said:
When I define an honest dollar as an honest
dollar which does not change in its purchas
ing power, it may give to you a definition
which has been a sound definition among all
writers on political economy. When I give
you turn definition I am simply giving you a
definition which has been given' to the world
by that distinguished educator who lives in
this city and who is an honor, not only to the
city and to this State, but to the Nation. [Ap
plause.] President Andrews in a recent work
entitled "An Honest Dollar," commences the
first chapter with the words which I shall
quote: "It is always assumed or admitted ttiat
the ideal sort of money would be money , with
a unit, having a steadiast general purchasing
power." When President Andrews describes
the ideal money as a money whose unit is the
steadfast or general average of purchasing
power, he planted himself upon the solid rock
and all the financiers of this or other coun
tries cannot prevail against the character of
this definition. [Applause.]
The poet has told us that "An honest man
is the noblest work of God." We may supple
ment this statement by adding that an houest
dollar, wherever it is found or made, will be
the noblest work of man. But, my friends, the
gold dollar which is praised to-day at the
honest dollar, is not me honest dollar, and
those who love It most, love it because of its
own dishonesty as a dollar. [Applause.] An
honest Hollar is one which preserves its gen
eral purchasing power from day to day and
from year to year. Then the dollar which rises
in purchasing power is just as dishonest as
the dollar which fails in purchasing power. If
one of our Western men advocntes bimetal
lism and calls attention to the injustice of the
gold standard, they any that he lacks educa
tion, ana when a learned man like Professor
Andrews advocates bimetallism mid denounces
the gold standard wnu empnasis which can
not be surpassed, what do they say of him? —
"Much learning hath made him mad."
We sav*that anybody who has a piece of
gold sufficient to make one dollar can have
that dollar coined into a dollar. And the fact
that any holder of gold bullion can at any
time convert that bullion into money enables
him to charge for that gold bullion the mint
price. The mint price for silver would be es
tablished the fame at the mint price for gold
baa been established. Under free coinage at
10 to 1 a man who owns silver bullion knows
that he can take it to the mint and have it
converted into dollars of 100 cents of United
States money. Some of our opponents have
been calculating as to how much money they
could make under free , coinage -in buying
silver for. 50 cents and having it coined into
100 cents. If any of you held silver bullion
would you sell it to anybody for half the mar
ket price and let- the purchaser make the
profit? . ■ ; • . . •
NEW LONDON, Cora., Sept 28.— Mr.
Bryan reached New London from Provi
denca at 12:17 T. M. A stand had been
erected at the soldiers' and sailors' monu
ment adjacent to the railway station and
from this Mr. Bryan made an address an
hour Ions; to an audience of 3000 people.
He was cheered frequently and asked sev
eral questions by people in the crowd.
After reference to tne fact that this was
the county in which Lyman Trura bull was
born, Mr. Bryan paid a warm tribute to
the late Senator's memory. Continuing,
he said: .
To-day I leave Connecticut. I have been
through the several New England States, and
only one I have not been able to visit. 1 1 came
to New England to preach the cause and to de
fend the principles for which I stand this
time. [Applause.] I came because there is no
part of ihe country where those who advocate
free coinage are unwilling to present their
cause. There is no part of this country which
is excluded from the benefits of bimetallism;
there Is no part of this country which we are
willing to concede to the gold ; standard. [Ap
plause and cheers]. . . ,
Some of the Republican platforms of the'
Eastern States have not only declared against
silver, but have declared against agitation.
When I find a man who is opposed to a discus
sion of a public question 1 find a man who
would feel more at home under a monarch
than he would under a republic. [Applause.]
Agitation is nothing but discussion [applause
and cries of "That's sol. »nd discussion is the
only means by which the people can find out
what is best, and remedy the wrong. [Ap
plause.] 1 A man who denounces agitation; a
man who opposes public discussion of public
questions would hare you sufier and not per j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
Mit you to secure the only means by which re
lief can come. My iriends, our opponents
think that they can destroy agitation by com
manding it to keep still. They might as well
try to sweep back the waves of the ocean. [Ap
plause.] The have interjected into the body
oolitic a foreign financial system, and there
is agitation and there w ill be agitation until
you remove it. [Applause.] "I say a foreign
system, because we borrowed it from another
country [applause], not only borrowed it, but,
my friends, we are anxious to return it to the
land from which we borrowed iv [Great ap
plause.]
It you doubt it let me call your attention to
this fact, that until thi* campaigu no political
party in the United States ever declared the
cold standard a good thing. Toe Republican
party declares that bimetallism is desirable,
but until the leading nations of Europe also
desire bimetallism, we must go without it. I
am unwilling to admit that foreign nations
shall determine what kind of iintincial sys
tem we shall have in thi* country. [Applause.]
We advocate an independent financial policy;
we advocate the adoption oi a system by the
American people ;or the American people and,
my friends, one of the evidences that we are
right is that our opponents are noi willing to
openly declare that which they are secretly
seeking to secure. [Anplau>t\] Ho Republi
can is willing to write up-m a turd mid wear
upon his breast that m lule he is an American
citizen he does not think this Nation is big
enough to attend to its own business [ap
plause], and that is what the Republican plat
form means.
A voice— Where will we be when we g6t
free silver?
Mr. Brvan— Are you in favor of a gold
standard?
The voice — I am.
"Tell me why."
The voice — Because I believe it is the
best for the 'country. Every nation will
accept a gold dollar for a dollar.
Mr. Bryan— Why? I will tell you. Be
cause of its value. The reason why our
gold dollar and gold bullion are worth the
same is because the law says you can con
vert bullion into a dollar at tti mint.
The voice — Well, how about silver?
Mr. Bryan — When the laws are so under
the free coinage of silver that the holder
of silver bullion can convert his silver
bullion into dollars at the mint that will {
fix a mint price for silver then, as we have
a mint price for gold now, and silver dol
lars will be worth as much abroad as our
gold dollars. [Great applause and cheer
ing. J Now, my friends, Ido not object to
have questions asked, because if I am
wrong on this question there is nobody
more anxious to find it out than 1 am.
But if l am right and my friend is wrong
I hope he will be anxious to get right as
lam. [Great applause.] Questions do not
bun, my friends. We are glad to answer
questions, because there is not a question
tuat can be answered by an advocate of
the god standard that cannot be answered
by aiivocaies of free coinage. [Applause
and cries of "Why don't MeKinley come
out and answer -ome of them?"]
A voice — People here have the impres
sion that when the free coinage of silver
is brought into effect they can take their
silver pots and coin them into money.
Mr. Bryan — The gentleman say 9 the
people have tiie impression that under
free coinage the people can take silver tea
pots and silverware and have it coined
into money. It is true that under free
coinage any man can melt up a dol
lar and a bail's Worth of spoons and
have the silver coined into one dollar and
twenty-nine cents, if you have a man who
is fool enough to do it. [Great applause.]
Now, why will people refuse to melt up
their silverware? Because it will be worth
more as silverware than it will be worth
in silver dollars under free coinage [ap
plause], and, my friends, you can depend
upon it that people will not do
things which are eoing to hurt if
they' know it. That Is one the
things that you base your reasoning
upon and in that connection I frequently
huve people ask me, "Wouldn't it oe pos
sible for a man to buy silver lor n.ty-three
cents'and have it coined into a dollar and
mane the difference?" - | Laughter and a
voice, "Who is going to sell it?"] Toe
gentleman asks the question, which shows
he understands it. He Bays who would
sell it. Now, when you cannot coin silver
you can buy for fifty-three. cents the silver
that is in a dollar, but when you can have
that silver coined . for a dollar then you
cannot find anybody who. will sell you
that silver for fifty-three cents. Now, my
friends, if the farmer cannot get money
for what he produces how is He going to
have the money to buy what other people
have to sell? [A voice, "Start lip the
mills."] Continuing Mr. Bryan said:
Suppose you start up the mills; how are you
going to dispose of the things which the mill
produce nule*s people can buy the produce of
your mills? While the Republicans are accus
ing us of arraying class ugainitt class they are
doing more Lv this campaign to appeal to class
distinctions and class interests than was ever
done by any party In the history of the United
Spates. [Applause] Out In my State the Re
publican committee tried to array the bchool
leachers against trie people who pity the taxes.
You will see every day Utters sent out trying
to array the- wage-earner against the farmer.
They tell the man who is drawing a salary
that the free coinage of silver will hurt him
and that bednust look out for nis salary. They
have not appealed to the people in this coun
try and asked tnem to consider the interests of
the country. * : , • ...
Look at the applications which are furnished
to r.ulroad men. [App.ause.J They are ear
nestly requested to observe their own inter
es.s by lining a club, and in the application
you will find a statement like this: am
opposed to free coinage because it would in
jure me as a wage-earner." They want those
who join sound-money clubs to assert that
they have an individual personal reason for
antagonizing free silver, and yet the great
advocates of the gold standard-, want you to
believe that they have no personal interest for
favoring a gold standard. [Applause.] Do
the members of the syndicates wi.ich have
been bleeding 'the country assert that they
have a pecuniary interest in deeding tne
Government, and therefore they don't want
that right taken away from them?
Do the heads of the. railroads say that they
have any interest in this campaign in trying
to prevent arbitration? No. Do they assert
that they/ are in this campaign for blood, be
cause they want to continue government by
injunction? Not at all. [Applause] They
want you to believe that they are patriotic
people who lie awake at night wondering how
they can do something for toiling humanity.
[Laughter and applause.] They are not only
trying to array me wage-earner againbtthe
' farmer, but they make a special appeal to 'the
depositors in the savings banks, and tell you
they don't want free coinage of silver because
it will enable them to pay their depositors in
cheap dollars, and tiey ere afraid that if they
are enabled to do so that they won't have the
moral courage to do so, but will pay you in
go d dollars. - • :.■ . ■
I know a little about the banking business.
I will know more as soon as I get my tax divi
dend on the amount I had deposited when the
bank tailed. [Laughter.] We had a cashier of
that bank who was afraid of silver and wanted
honest money, and was afraid that the people
would get 50-cent dollars. They would have
been glad to get paid in 50-cent dollars. [Great
cheering and laughter.] • Mr. Blnine in 1878
said that the dest uctlon of silver as money
and the establishment©!" the gold dollar as the
sole unit of value must have a ruinous effect on
all forms of property except those investments
which yield a fixed return in money, and
these would be enormously enhanced in value
and gain a disproportionate and unfair ad
vantage over every oiner species of property.
[Cheers.]
"Would it not be as hard to change the
standard of money in the world as it
would to change the standard of weights
and measures in the world? asked a
voice. . ; - " . - . : • . .
I will answer your question by saying that
In the first place the world has no standard of
weights and measures, and we have been un
able to bring the nations of the world to agree
to a standard of weights and measures. [Great
applause. j In the second place why did you
not give that advice in 1873 you are giving
now? Tney changed our standard of money
then and for, twenty years they have tried to
keep us from: undoing what they did then.
[Cheers.] Those who denied the right of the
people to use the law to restore silver to its
rightful place are the very ones who helped to
pass a law twenty-three years- ago to destroy
the free coinage of silver and substitute a new
standard after the ! nations of the ■ world had
tried bimetallism and after this Nation had
tried It from the beginning of the Nation down
to that time. They cannot decide whnt other
nations shall do, but I insist that we shall de
cide what this Nation shall do. ■* [Great ap
plause.}
' Did Austria ask our consent when < she ' re
sumed specie payments on a gold basis?. Did
Italy ask our consent when she resumed specie
payments on a gold basis ? Did the other na
tions of the world ask our consent when they
changed their standards ? No, sir. Whatman,
whit man who wants to be an American
wants to get down on his knees and ask other
nations' consent when we want to do what we
please? [Great applause and. cheers.] I have
given you. my friends, what might be a suffi
cient answer. I want to give you a more than
sufficient answer. My friend wan ta to know how
that would change the standard of the world.
I tell him that Prince Bismarck has stated re
cently that if the United Szates acts alone it
will be salutary in bringing , other . nations to
accept our bimetallic policy. If my timid
friend doubts the ability of this Nation I beg
him to sit at the feet ot'a foreigner and learn
confidence in American institutions. [Great
applause and cheers.]
George i'red Williams also spoke.
PORIEN IN TRACHER'S PLACE.
Uletated to the Bead of the Ticket by the
Silrer Democrat*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 28 —The regu
lar Democratic ticket of the State of New
York, revised by the State Committee
this evening, is:
For Governor — Wilbur F. Porter of
Watertown.
For Lieutenant-Governor — Fred C.
Schraub of Lowville.
For Associate Justice Court Of Appeals— .
Robert C. Titus of Buffalo.
It was supposed to be settled that Elliott
Danforth, chairman of the State Commit
tee, would be placed at the head of the
ticket to fill the vacancy caused by the
declination of John Boyd Thacher. At
the eleventh hour Mr. Danforth, who had
been in telephonic communication with
Senator Hill, dec ded that he would not
permit his name to be used. He told tne
committee so, and the managers of the
Democratic campaign got together and
decided to push Judge Porter up from
second place to first and to nominate Fred
C. Shraub Lieutenant-Governor. No change
was made in third place on the ticket.
The committee was called to order by
Chairman. Danforth at 9:15 p. m. After
rollcall Bernard F. Yoke reported for the
committee appointed to notify candidates
that Mr. Thac .er had declined, but bad
stated that he intended to support the
Chicago ticket and tue State ticket of the
party.
Chairman Danforth called Thomas F.
Graly to the chair and presented the name
of Wilbur F. Porter as a candidate for
Governor. There were no more nomina
tions.
Beiore the vote was taken Mr. Purroy
inquired where Mr. Porter stood in regard
to ihe platform. Mr. Danforth stated that
Mr. Porter would stand squarely upon the
platform of the committee and fully in
dorses the Chicago platform. The vote
was unanimous.
Charles N. Bulger of Oswego presented
the name of Frederick C. Schraiab lor
Lieutenant-Governor. He «tatea that
Mr. Sctiraub was one of tbe delegates to
the Chicago convention and was one of
the first to declare himself for the Chi
cago ticket and platform. Mr. Schraub
was nominated unanimously.
A committee was appointed and Candi
date Schraub was brought into the room.
Mr. Schraub made a short speech, in
which he expressed his gratification at
having received the honor of a unanimous
nomination. All the members of the
committee were present or represented by
proxies.
Frederick C. Schraub, the nominee for
Lieutenant-Governor, is a native of this
Slate, of German parentage. He was
three terms District Attorney ot Lewis
County. When .the Dairy Commission
was done away with and a Commisiioner
of Agriculture created, Mr. Schraub was
appointed by Governor Morion as one
of the Directors of the State Agricul
tural Staiiou at Geneva. He now holds
that place.
FOR BRYAN AND WATSON.
Action Taken by Xebratka Miadle-of-th:
Jtoad l'ojiuliata.
LINCOLN, Nebb., Sept, 28.— The out
come of the middlr-of-the-road Populist
convention to-day does not change in any
way the status oi the party in Nebraska.
The convention was much of a farce at
best, with no regularly elected delegates,
and not more than a dozen men outside
this county in attendance. Populists
favorable to Bryan and fusion with Demo
rats captured the convention and despite
the passionate protest of C. McKay, the
prime mover in the meeting, put tha con
vention on record as favoiing the plan
outlined by the regular State convention
in tbe following resolution, which was
adopted :
Rttolvcd, That we. the representatives of the
mjdale-oi-the-road Populists of Nebraska in
convention assembled, hereby indorse W. J.
Bryan and T. B. WHtson as candidates for
President and Vice-President of the United
States; also the Presidential electors and all
nominees of the Populist party in the State,
and pledge them our hearty support, and it is
the sense of this convention that any one
failing to support such nominees Is not a true
Popuilsu
This leaves the whole matter just where
it was, with four Bryan and Watson and
four Bryan and Sewall elector?. Mr.
Clara's protest is due to the charge that
there ia a secret understanding between
the Democrats and half-hearted Populists
t.'iat ciewall is to have the entire eight
votes. No effort was made to nominate a
State ticket.
CIGARMAKERS IN SESSION
Progress Made During the Year
by the International
Union.
Billions of Smokes Turned Out and
Millions E trnei by the M n
Emp'oyed.
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 28.— Nearly 300
delegates were present in Turner Hall this
morning when President G. W. Perkins
called the twenty-first session of the
Cgarmakers' International Union of
America to order. Thomas Dolan, repre
senting the local unions, made an address
of welcome, which was responded to by
President Perkins. A committee on cre
dentials was appointed, and the commit
tee adjourned until the afternoon.
At the afternoon session President Per
kins read his report, • hich was an ex
haustive one. The report shows that the
cigar trade has not materially improved,
although, there has been a slight increase
in the output. The total product for con
sumption in the United States alone for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1896, was
4,237,755,943 cigars. The total number of
factories of all kinds is 14,070, ol which
number 7147 are strictly union and 6923
are mixed and non-union. The union
factories give employment to 12,278 union
hand workmen and 15,247 union mold
workmen. The open shops employ 10,675
union and non-union persons. The total
amount of wages paid out per year is $41,
-767.989, and the value ol the product is
$129,693,275. v
During the past three years the receipts
of the international office were $87,111 and
the expenses $85,572, leaving a balance of
$1539 in the treasury. Since the last re
port the International Union has had 458
difficulties to adjust, which involved 7174
members and 5412 non-unionists. One
hundred and seventy-nine of these were
adjusted successfully, 18 compromised. 20
declared off, 87 disapproved and 44 are
still in progress. Of the remainder 51
were lost outright, in 18 the cause removed
and 40 were ended by members obtaining
employment elsewhere. The strike ex
pense during tnis period was $113,461.
President Perkins favors a federation of
labor unions which shall recognize The
autonomy of each component part and
also an eight-hour day with a Saturday
holiday, or a six-hour day without the
holiday.
The Century Theater Opened.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Bept. 26 —The opening
of the Century Theater was made a society
event to-night, and when the curtain went
up on the nrat act of "Liberty Hal!" there
was scarcely room for one more person in
the auditorium. The theater is probably
the handsomest in the vVest, and has just
been erected on the site of Pope's Theater.
Ninth and Olive streets. The Century is
under the management of Hay man and
DttTis of Chicago, with James Jay Brady
as local manager.
AN APPEAL TO
CATHOLIC CLERGY
Tammany Gives Out What
It Thinks Will Be a
Boomerang.
AID IN THE CAMPAIGN
Alleged to Be Asked by McKin
ley Managers of the Church
Leaders.
ANAKCHY MTTST NOT CONTKOI.
Archbishop Hughes' Example in a
Former Crisis of the Nation
Is Alluded To.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 28.— The fol
lowing letter addressed to the Catholic
clergy of the United States by, it is said,
the MeKinley and Hobart Business Men's
National Campaign Committee, was given
out to-day at Tammany Hall:
TENTH STREET, ABOVE CHESTNUT.
Philadelphia, Sept. 19, 1896.
Reverend and Year Sir: We are all aware that
the dignity of your sacred office forbids the ex
ercise of your influence in any political mat
ter involving mere questions of executive or
legislative policy.
Nevertheless, we are fully persuaded that
the questions before ike country in the pend
ing Presidential campaign are of an especially
serious character, because they involve funda
mental moral Issues. A decsion In the selec
tion of President that will commit the execu
tive to a policy that in its application will
forcibly compromise private financial obliga
tions and will repudiate a portion of the
National debts will be a violation of the basic
Christian principle that commands honesty
between man and man. Such a decision, we
believe, would be thoroughly immoral, and
would precipitate an ethical and material
calamity oi incalculable magnitude.
We are aiso of the opiniou that the attack
now being made upen the regularly consti
tuted legal authorities of the National Gov
ernment is pernicious and dangerous to an
extreme degree, for it contains rebellioa
against, those safeguards of law upon which
society, the individual, the several States of
the Nation must depend for security and pro
tection. If successful the vital principles of
our Government will be undermined.
Recalling with gratitude the patriotism and
eminent public services of the late Most
Reverend Archbishop Hughes and many
others of the Roman Catholic clergy when the
integrity of the Government was threatened
on a former occasion, w% take the liberty to
suggest that the present is a period of equal
danger. 'Ihe Government is not threatened
by physical force, but insidious and false ideas
that inspire incipient anarchy and contempt
for proper authority are industriously propa
gated throughout our country.
It is not our purpose to argue the foregoing
suggestions. We merely desire to respectfully
express tna opinion that present Do.uical
issues involve vital moral question* that pow
erfully appeal to tne religious instructors ol
the people. Our committee is not partisan.
It includes neither office-holders nor office
seekers. We have no personal political inter.
esU to serve, being private citizens associated
ior patriotic purposes. Very respectfully,
Robert C. Ogdkn,
Chairman Republican Committee.
The Tammany chieftains are very much
incensed at this appeal to tbe Catholic
clergy to support McKiniey and Hobart,
which, they think, will prove a boom
erang.
General Osborne, when shown a copy of
the letter at Republican headquarters, said
he knew nothing about it.
Arthur Sewall, the Democrattc candi
date for Vice-President, arrived at the
Fifth-avenue Hotel this afternoon. Mr.
Sewall said Mr. Bryan got a magnificent
reception in Maine, and gave it as bis
belief that the candidate of the Demo
cratic party in that State would be im
proving every day up to the election time.
The Vice-Presidential candidate expects
to remain in this city until Wednesday
next.
At the headquarters of the gold Demo
cratic party word was received from Chi
cago this morning that the farmers of the
Northwest are becoming distrustful of tha
free-silver theories and requesting the im
mediate shipment of 25,000 copies of Sec
retary Carlisle's speech.
PRISO N REFORM WORK.
Some Interesting Topic* Before the Xa
tional Convention.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. 28— The
most important meeting of the National
Prisons convention took place here this
morning, when that branch known as the
Wardens' Association met to listen to
papers and for mutual exchange of views.
In the absence of Captain Joseph Nichol
son, superintendent of t tie House of Cor
rection at Detroit, who is president of the
association, Captain Wright of Allegheny,
Pa., presided, and Secretary McLoughery
of Pontiac, 111., read President Nicholson's
annual address. This address contained a
brief history of the association of wardens,
which was formed ten years ago, and a
number of valuable suggestions, devoting
considerable space to child labor.
An interesting paper on convict labor
and the conduct of wardens was read by
Colonel Charles* E. Felton of Chicatro,
member of the Board of Managers of the
State Industrial Reformatory of Illinois.
He was followed by Warden J. W. French
of the United States Penitentiary at Fort
Leavenworth, Kans., on "The Relation of
the Federal Penitentiary to the Various
State Institutions." This was followed by
a general discussion on various subjects,
the most interesting being whether pris
oners should be allowed to use tobacco.
The affirmative side seemed to have the
best of the argument.
The afternoon session was devoted to
the Chaplains' Association meeting. Rev.
G. H. liickok, chaplain of the Michigan
State Prison, president of the association,
read his annual report and was followed
by Chaplain Thorn of Huntsville, Tex.,
who delivered an address on "The Spirit
ana Action of the Pri on Chaplain."
Trinity* Chime* Recorded,
NEW YORK, N. V., Bept. 28. — The
famous chimes of old Trinity were re
corded on a phonograph just before ser
vices yesterday. It has been talked of for
a long time, but it was not until last week
that Rev. Morgan Dixgave his permission,
he having objected to the work be
ing done on Sunday. A large phono
graph was constructed specially for the
purpose and was set up- in a gallery just
above the bells. All the melodies played
by Organist Meiselahn were taken and the
men in charge said that the experiment
was completely successful.
Chat^/ea Against Railroads.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 28.— The Inter
state Commerce Commission is hearing
complaints made by the Business Men's
league of this city against the Iron Moun
tain, Missouri Paciiio, Cotton Belt, Kansas
and Texas and Frisco railways, composing
the Southwestern Traffic Association. It
is charged that the railroads are violating;
the interstate commerce act. in that their
charges for the transportation of freight
in less than carload quantities from St.
Louis and otner. points in the State to
Texas is unreasonable and unjust. Chair
man Morrison and Commissioners J. C.
Clements and J. D. Yeamans represent the
Interstate Commerce Commission. The
hearing will probably last several days.
TSS " ■■■■■• ■ «■ ' « — "" — ■ •
BLOODY DEEDS OF A DOCTOR.
Calls In a Druggist, Shoots Him Three
Times, and Then Goes Gunning for
His Own Wife.
DUNCAXNOX, Pa., Sept. 28. — This
afternoon Dr. L. Johnston, one oi tiie best
known physicians in the county, called
into his office Druggist George S. Henry, a
prominent uusiness man. and, tatting a
large revolver from his pocket, deliberately
tired three shots at him, two of which
lodged in his shoulder and one in his
stomach. He then walked into his ball,
and, meeting his wife, he shot her twice,
once in the arm and once in the . shoulder.
He then walked up to his stable, two
blocks away, had his team hitched ancf
drove dow« to his office, where he got his
ledgers, and, taking in a constable, gave
himself up and started for New Blqom
tield, the county seat, ten mile* away. Mrs.
Johnston's wounds are not considered
dangerous, but it is thought that Henry
cannot live.
FOUR SEAMEN BURNED TO DEATH.
Three of the Crew of the British Steam
ship Cyrus and a Stowaway Perish
in the Hold.
CHESTER, Pa., Sept. 28.— Three of the
crew and a stowaway of the iron British
steamship' Cyrus, Captain Simmons, from
Philadelphia for Norfolk, Va., met a hor
rible death to-night while the steamer was
lying off the quarantine station in the
Delaware River. The killed are: Alfred
T. Becka, first mate; Hans Jaggers, lire
man; Fred Hilner, sailor; unknown man,
a stowaway.
The men in lowering a barrel of oil into
tbe hold of the vessel accidentally burst it
and to save the oil procured.anot her barrel.
One of the men struck a match and ignited
the fluid. The hold of the vessel was boon
li-lfd with flame and smoke. The, four
I men were suffocated before they couid be
I rescued.
MARTINELLI IN COMING.
. Hill Malta Hit First Public Appearance
Mere Xext Sunday.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 28.-A Wash
ington special says: Satoili has
received a private letter from Mgr. Mar
tinelli, in which the new delegate, stated
his intention, already -published, to sail
from Queenstown on the Cunard steamer
Campania on September 26. He will come
directly to Washington on leaving the
steamer. » •
Mirr. Martinelli will make his first
public appearance as the papal repre
sentative in America next Sunday at St.
Aloysius Church in this city. The occa
! sion will be the grand pontifical high
j mass, which Cardinal Satolli will cele
i brate as a parting token of good will
i toward the Jesuit fathers in whose parish
j the apostolic delegate has resided. Key.
i William O'Brien Pardow of New York
j City will deliver the sermon. *..".■
NO IMPORT TEXAS BUTTON.
A Representative of. Japan on an Im
portant Mission. '•' ,
WACO, Tex., Sept. 28— Mr. * fsurutani
of Kobe, Japan, is here with letters of in
troduction to local cotton shippers. The
object of his visit is to arrange on the part
of the Japanese manufacturers of cotton
textiles for direct importation of Texas ,
cotton into . Japanese ports. Tsurmani
says there are eighty plants in Japan" for
the manufacture- of cotton goods, and
other mills are about to be established.
I His nation intends to supply cotton goods
largely in the East and will send buyers
annually to the cotton States, as is the
practice with the European spinners.
Mr. Tsurutani says Texas cotton will
shortly be shipped from San Francisco to
Tokio on a Japanese steamship, which
will be a new movement in the cotton
trade.
Cotton Damaged by Rain
. AUSTIN, Tex.. Sept. 2S.— Reports from
all sections of the State received here yes
terday indicate that the cotton crop has
been seriously damaged by the heavy
rains of Friday night and Saturday. Cot
ton was full blown and hundreds of acres
were washed clean. Cotton deaWs think
that the damage will seriously affect their
figures on the result of the crop and
may reduce the estimates many hundred
bales.
I Jhave tried a sarsspa-
% f rilla containing iodide
V % JJ °^ potassium, and ai-
ways the same result
— boils, pimples and
facial blemishes. 'When you take Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla you are sure to
have a clean stomach, bowels and a good
liver. Try.
f Biackwell's
\W/A^^^^^^^ You will find one coupon Inside 1
P u nS ?^', de each 'four ounce 'Jim Wk
IW A bag of BlackweU's Durham. MjE —,1-jßk
mmf Si ■ braced tobfcc°o f J ll CdC " Mrf
■Uj& 1 ZOL ■ coupon— which^ivS 3 a list Kta /-W* WM
JK X* of va luable presents and how W| JBrj
Is the ligßt that will brine a great. .'bfjc ?. *
glow of happiness to you. . By it you. will ;
see how strong atid vigorous your now ..
weak body can be made. Hnd"yan is for 'I
man. .The great Hudyan is to be only • .
from the Hudson Medical Institute.* Thi»
wonderful discovery was made by the f spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical •
Institute. It is the strongest and most . ,
powerful- vitalizer made, ,It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful now harmless
it is. .You can pet it from nowhere bat >.
from th» Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials. *...*.-.
The, extraordidary Rejuvenator Is - the '
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been in dors d by the leading scientific •,-.
men of Europe and America. „ • '* •••.*
HUDYAN 13 purely vegetable. ' \ *-' •,",'
HUDYAN stops ' prematureness of the
discharge in twenty, days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings'of the • .:
j eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones th 9 entire system. It is '. >
as cheap as any other remedy. * '." ..
HUDYAN cures debility," nervousness,,'
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. ' Pains in the back, losses by day "\
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. .- ■
__ Prematureness means imDOtency in the * ;
first stage. '■ It is a .symptom pf seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop- *
j pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
I Hudyan costs no more than any other rem- .
i cdv. Send for circulars and testimonials.
[ TAINTED BLOOD— impure blood, due to sen-
I ous private disorders, carries 'myriads of sore*'- 0 •
I producing Kr-rms. Then come sore throat, 'pimples,
• copper-colored spot*, uicers ln-moutb, old sorea and -
I tallln? nalr. You o*n «hv«> » trip tn Ho' Sprlnn
by using the great 80-day cure. Call or write toe
UO-day circulars. ■■ *', *
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE. ' »• '
btockton, Market and liliii &>(.».
* . SAN FRANCESCO, CAL. • . .
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St. v
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT %,
ALASKAN (hft A A
SEAL ■*.: hVi :-
SHOES J HMUV
" TV' ATEIIpROOF SHOES ?c r WE -HAVE •
.*' them. Every pair guaranteed for :
wear. Our Alaska Seal Shoes cannot be -|
beat. They are. neat litters, soda wearers, •:.
keep the feet dry, and are sold at popular
prices. They have been thoroughly tested, ..' "
- and we guarantee every pair. We carry
them in Lace and Congress, Square dr. Me- ■•"•
dium Round Toe?. Special price, $3. Sold ' .;.
elsewhere for more  money. 'Cork 6 Sole ', ,
Alaska Seal Shoes only 60 cents extra. fj • • ••;•>
Youths' Sizes 11 to 2.. ...........*'i....... : i..5ci.-75 '*
Boys' Sizes 2y 3 t0 514... .:..._. ...... .S3. 00 '•.;•/••
Ladles' Waterproof Box Calf Lace . :...f 2. 7 5 ■'- .;
MS" Country orders solicited.' 3 . * • •='. - '.": .
ojf Bend for .New Illustrated Catalogue. • "'■: ■ "'■ ' ■'■'■ '
Address ■* < v« .« ,- »- -^ • « • ... r.;. . .•• ••• •'. :
;* . B. KATCHINSKI,
; PHILADELPHIA ; SHOE C 0. , : - 1: i.
: ( „ 10 Third Street. San ranclaoo. ' " ".
pJf^gDL HALL'S REISVIGOEATOft 1
V*^tSs* • TKI3 6ECKET BEMEDY "stops
; .p9 BBy « v losses In .24, hours. Restores
a Manhood, Enlarge* Small Organs,
• THI3 BECKET BEMEDY stops
all losses 1b 24 hours. Bestores
Manhood, Kulareea Smalt Organs,
Rd |RR> cures Emissions, Impotency, Varlco-
<fif - , mtt cele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fit*, Stric-
Hk 4yl tures, Blood Disease and all wasting
a 2 S5 effects :of Self- Abuse or .Excesses.
ESSBESia Scut sealed, $2 per bottle, THRsa
BOTTLES, #5: guaranteed 'to cure any case.'
i DX. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE; *
. . 856 Broadway, Oakland, CaU • .
' An private diseases Quickly cured. Send for
1 free book. ! »..•■• ■ ■■
m RUPTURE./
, Igrar ' If ruptured, yon n»tur«lly bone to obtain relief M
■ from pain; security from Strangulated Hernia and a [
' B«f permanent cureir possible. Please inrestigate "Dr. JH
■ Pierce Pat. Magnetio Elastic Truss, and tcu will fr",
■V l>« surprised at what jromtill learn.' TblsTruufil
BK positirely does the tror* and is worth $1,000 to aor iWi
13 raptured manor womia. If .Ton want the BEST, ftS
fj call ot send Sett, in stamp* for free Pamphlet No I.' Jfl
■ Iteontains foil information. Qsf» The scientific ad- JHJ
■ instroent of tru "*' at our office a special Addreit j| -
f MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS Co!, N0.704.N.W HI
I cor. Sacramento * Kearsy tits., San Francisco, Cal. jHJ
- _.' . . • • TPOtt B*rn«i; *
f^mZJLJ BRASS BEDS;
< . c . FOLDING BEDS 1 *
";;'-' TV ire and Hair Mm-
\ tresseA Reol 1 nl a •
.... V Chain, Wheel Chairs,
T • . : ; - Utmmodta, Bade Re*u
Uilt \ Rnfirnf •'• V * *• schrocs.
™*"KS. 3^ "'''M ' * Sew Montgomery
! V . ' ■ *■»■» J» ' St. , under tir*ii4
rl v.- •' . • ' ' Uotai, a: if. •t ■RILEY GRANNAN
IS RUILED OFF
Presents ' From the Plunger
•••to Jockeys Cause
Trouble. : .; :' *.
TURFMEIT m DIFtICXTI^TY
Stewards of the Jcc^ey ' Club
:• i Deter in ;n dto Check : Ail '■:■'"•
" ;•'.' "."• Irregularities. ..." ■ •; "
WARHINGS AND PUNISHMENTS.
Fred Taral/ Repj-imande'd for Accept
ing a Gft and Ordered to '
' \ '■ , Return the Money. H
• NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. 28.-A meet
ing.of the Btew-ard- of the Jockey Club was
held this .afternoon. There were presen:-
Augßst Beimont. James R. £e*ne, James
Gal way, Andrew BCHIer, F.-R. Hitchcock
and F. K. Sturgis.'" Af:et a discussion of
various facts lyid be. ore them in reference
to Jockey W. Martin, it was resolved that
his license be suspended for violation of
rule 150 and that he be notified to appear
before .the stewards to show cause why it
Phoul.l not be permanently revoked. Other
resolutions adapted were: .^;
. That Jockey Coyle's license be revoked
for .violation of rule 150 of the racing
rules. '-* '■■ . . « j \ ;; ■:; '; ;'.■.■;
. -That Riley Gran-nan be warned and
ruled off the 'turf for offering' and making
presents to'- jockeys. -in violation' of ' the
rules of racing. •".:**'. 7" "• ' :=.: =. '. "*:^. i
'In- view .of .the . evidence submitted to
the stewards 'cpncerhine practices on"
the °tUTf (of W. Wallace it was resolved
tliatunt'ii thS facts referred-. to in the evi
dence are. explained- to the satipf;Sction of.
the.stjßwards-air entries pf W. Wallace he
•refused pn all cour-es racing under the
rules of the- Jockey Club',, '•■•.. :' ••"'..
• Tti-e following r-esojtuions were adopted:
: Bexolvtd, Dr, A. piirfow of Sheepsheaa
Bay be earned ruled off the course.- oi all
aßsocialioas raying under the 'ruies of the
Jockey (."lub tin "til such lime as he shall b^e
willing 't& answer the^tewards of the Jockey
Cub all questions .respecting: the charges of
corrupt irßCiices which.Jie has made. !
•• Hcsol td, Th«t ail-othpr-cnarges of corrupt
pra-ctices upoa-coursesbf .a'bsociations licensed
by the racing committe'e'be- referred to coun
'sej, wit^j a view at bringing sucij 'charges be
fore the racing ccmmitteftior investigation. ,
:;' : lt c has «come to the knowledge of the
stewards of -the. Jockey Club that Frefl
Tajal, jockey, received a present of $500
during season of, 1895. in. violation of.
the rules of rating.- Owing to Tarai's uni
versally accepted pood, character," he is
reprimanded by the stewards and ordered
to refund the money received by him in
violation of the iiiles.'^nd all jockeys are
■warned that the penalty for accepting
presents, under, rule 150, will h>r.ea(ter be
strictly enforced. ... • ;.*
• The following was adopted and ordered
sent to the secretaries of the Urooklvn
Jockey Clcrb.'-the Queens Courit-y Jockey
Club and the \Vestchester Racing Asso
ciation :.'". : ' ; - -;j>S; "• '
.Any pwner, trainer or stable employe who
shall dire«tly or indirectly make a bet or
wager.', on any, race, against any horse owned,
tr»ii.nea or in trie (sare of" such owner, trainer ;
pr-staWe employe sllail Be ruled off; or any
person. who may contribute moneys to any
ottfer person, for the purpose of being bet by
.the feceiver againSt any horse for account of
the' contributor shall be ruled off, as shall also
the- pefson' who shall* receive such moneys.
: ' ... \ • * > "
WORLD RECORDS BROKEN.
Ze.igTer, the Demon, However .Receives a
'. . ". ■ "■- .' Broken Arm..
TREN'jcON; N. J.,. Sept. 28.— This was
wjieetmen's tlav at the Interstate Fair.
Th*e"-^V£nt of* the day was : he one-mile
f cratch race in' which Gooper, Tom Butler
Bald,* Zeigler ti Johnson, Gardin r and
others competed,. It was run in heats.
First heat, .Tom Butler won. Time. 2:15 2-5.
Second beat..Cooper won. Time, 2:14.
• Thirh heat.»Ki»er won. Time. 2:15. *r .
'• Fourth heat; Gardiner wop.« Time. 2:l6J£
"•Fifth heat, Gardiner won. -Time, 2:14%.
. Butier, Cooper. Bald and Johnson finished
in tne order na,med. " . t ' ....
' John K. Johnson, paced, by two quads
and a viplet, # went a mile against time.
lie" covered .the distance in 1:47. This is
Ufe'fastest'time ever made in a public ex
hibition, .• :'■ ...
/•••Jim my"- Michael, the wonderful Welsh
rider, succeeded in breaKing the five-miie
record against time.. He was' paced by
two qua'Js 'and a triplet. .Tne first mile
"was.made in .1:53. s?c.ond : 3:50, third 5-5 i
fourtii 7 :n2. fifth 9:51 4j5.' ... I •• '
•Final heat w two-mile .professional*, Cooper
(scratch) yon, Starhnck ,f4O) second, Bowier
(l^a).third. Time, 4:43.4-5.- ■-.•• • •
• Final heat, : two-mile ■amateur, Henry Gor
man (24) won. Time,* 4:42 35. .-;
Finaf .heat, half-mile araa'ieur, Kay Dawson
(scratch) won. .Time, 1:13 1-5. •
* Several accidents occurred, the most
serious being that which befell Otto Zeigler
of Sari-Jose, Cal., "who tt\l from his wheel
and broke his left arm. ' * ' ' •
*T~. ~.' : i~.iZ :■:.-•
LSTEIi.S lfttr COXGRKSB. '
Officers Elect* d and an Important Rac- \
lAri Decision Rendered.
'ST. LOUIS; "Mo.» Sept. 28..— The Western !
Turf Congress" "met to-day, in the Jockey
Club house at the fair grounds, Milton
Young of hexi'ogton, Ky., presiding. '
To-njghi* o the following officers were
elected: President, Alexander Labould of
Cincinnati; vice-president,' C. C. Maffitt of
St. Loiiis; secretary, E.C Hopper oi C'in
cirfnati; tteadijrer, O. L. Bradley of Lex
fneton, Ky.
T : he on'*y change in rules adopted was
that winrfecs.' of over-'riight handicaps I
shall not 'h* penalized, (his is the out
come' of tiie contention of Senator O'Brien,
whp" carried his case at Oakley to the con
gress..
The coneress consists of the Crescent
City and New Louisiana Jockey Clubs at
New Orleans, the St. Louis Fair
Association, the Cincinnati and La
tbnia • Jockey ciubs at Cincin
nati, the KentucKy Association at
L'exington, the new Louisville Jockey
Club, the Cumberland" Park Omb at N«sh-.
Tilie, the Montgomery Park track at Mem
phis, the Hariem and Hawthorne tracks
at Cbi< ago, the Arkansas Joe key Club a
Little Rock, and the Ingle-ideand new
Oakland track? at San Francisco.
ANINIES AT LOS A NGEL ES.
-•.. ■ - •■.. 1 - • -j '.:■■"
jf^tst lionet to Compete at the Coming
* .*• .. Aiertinp\
LOS ANGELAS, Cal., Sept. 28.—
• indications now are that the coming race
meet in this city will be the most success
ful in ,the history :of .the Sixth District
Agricultural Association. The programme
1 as* arranged is a very attractive one, and
• every class is provided for. Following is
a partial list of. entries up to date:
2:12 class, trotting— Park Henshnw, blk. m.
Mamie Griffin: Tv tie Bros., b. c. Stum B; E.
Erlauger, b. h.To 'Ke-; M.* D.",Wi»dom,'-b. h.
.Challenger Chief; J.A.Perkins, b. g. Jasper
Ay re*. ' ' ■' * ' ■ v ;.-.-■'
' 2:25 class, pacing— J. W. Gardner's b. m.
Moiicvv Mc k T. B. Clarke's eh. in. May.Nutford,
M M- Johnson's eh. I. Tina, Frank Gibbons'
b. g. Red Alto. E. R. Den's b. s. Way wood.
„ City and County hnndicap— M. "A. Forster,
Kg. W. McKinlev; William C. Lout, I. *. Sel-
£ Ir : George L. Warm?. b. z. Rt'l Jacket; R.
t. Dolan, eh. k. Howard; <_:. I. Thucker, b. f.
s.'itH Paul.i; J. Rutherford, b. g. Brilliant; G.
i: MtDoualU, oik. s. Hueneme; Frank t'«rrar,
en. m. Model; • Mrs. E. Starkey,
Tampa; Santa Anita stable, br. f. Mari
copa 11; D. J. McCarthy, br. p. Ben^rdo;
Owf-n Bros.' b. c, Grady; Owen Bros.' eh. h.,
RyaiFiwh; L. J. Ro-« Jr.'s cb. m., Ante; L.
J. Rose Jr.'s b. li.. Chattel Boots; V. Boya's c.
n.. Robin Hood I; Garden City stables' en. m.,
Arne;te; John Robb ns' eh. c., Don Pio Pico;
John Robbins' b. f., liallaluj-iti; W. S. Maben's
b." m., Gladioia; William Diinbii's b. m.,
Suw«nee; M. J. Kelly's, br. m., Peril.
2:16 cla-s, p.it-i'ig— D. Roberts b. z.
George R; W. H. Stunson. ilk. f. S .phia R; W.
F. Yore, b. g. Sam H; E. R. Dew, b. k. Monte
cito Boy: C. A. Durieu, b. f. Jennie Me; P. W.
H/rdges. b. m. Beach wood; W. W. Whitney,
eh. g. Bernard.
Citrus Belt handicap entries— Santa Monica
stab c, eh. f. Sunrise; Figueroa stabl- 1 , br. h.
Little Cripp c; M. A. F-.sur, s. g. .Macho B;
James R.'aridon, cb. ft. imp. Alien: Ctorge L.
Wanuv, b. g. Red Jacket; C. L. Mc-
Donald, eh. h. Prince Hioker; Mrs. E.
Starkey. b. p. Jim Bzeman; Santa Am. a
■table, b. f. Emma R; S.tita Anita stable,
jr. g. Fishhook ; Garden City stable, b. m.
Warrago; ■' Garden City stables, eh. m.
Ar-nette; Jnttn Robbins, eh. k- Don Plo
Wco; W. S. Maben, b. m. Gladlola; W. S. Mb
ben, eh. g. RibrMou; D. J. McCirtv, rh. c.
Capuin Co>ter; P. McGoiirick, b. m. Trix;
,Oweu Bros., b. c. Grady; LeeSnMiier, b. i. Miss
Po If.rd; William Dunbir, •" b. m. Hacienda; M.
J. Ke..y, br. m. Perii; M. J. Kelly, b. f. Nienac.
Junior nnndicap, Mitrles: F. W. Thompson,
en. c. Elvcmuio; hu Kyan, b. t Clatana; C. I.
Thucker, b. f. Santa Paula; A. M. Ruiz,
eh. g. Castelur; C. L. McDonald, b. f. Sharon
Law, Santa Anita stable's b. f. Cordova;
Santa Anita stable's b. f. AUevo; D J Mc
carty's eh. g. P F; Owens Bro.hers b. f. Mma
Owen; Garden City stub b. f. Grandma;
John Robbing' b. I. Hallelujah; William Dun
bar's eh. c. False Alarm; Thomas Brothers' s. f.
Reina del R y. .
'2:25 trotting, entries: J. McPherson, b. m.,
Belle Russell; H.P.lsaacs, b. r.. Kit;y Cau
tion: Park Henshaw, blk. m., Maud P; Win
sup & Kea-ti b. in., Fan iv C; T. J. Cecil, br.
h., Peter Jack-on; N. G. Smith, b. g., Al Ki.
There will be a special race or Klamath,
Ottinger and Welcome. There will also
be a free-for-all pacing race; also a free
for-all trotting race.
ST.4t.JPOIIWS J-.ilH ATHLETES
Officer* Elected by the University
Himinn'i Association.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
28.— The Woman's Athletic Association
has just held its annual election and as the
result of three days' balloting the following
ladies constitute the club's official body: •
President— David Starr Jordan.
Vice-President — Mis-' Lou Henry. _
Secretary— Miss Florence Boitou.
Treasurer— Miss Agnes Moiley.
•Board of directors — Faculty: Miss Maud
March; '97. Miss Jessi. Ryan"; '98. M:si Zadia
Brown; '99.. Miss Mary* Merrill; '00, Miss
Emily Dole. ■ Special: Mis, Edith Miner.
The association will have iu!l charge of
the athletic enterprises of the co-eds dur
in.'the coming year. , Tennis, basket-ball
and archery are to be given all possible
encouragement.
»- ♦
Racing at St. J^niiii
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 28.— Six furlongs. Bust
Up, Mrs. Brady second, Dick Beneath third.
Time, 1 :19^.
Seven furlongs, Bob Clampett won, Met
airie second. Cochina third. Time, 1:33?£.
Seven furlongs, Dick Behan iron. Bravo sec
ond, Hash tbird. Time, I:33}s.
Mile and seventy yards, imroldine won,
Helen H. Gardener second, Overella third
Time, 1 :47.
Six lurlongs, Pelleas won, Mamie G second,
Bridget third. Time, 1 :17-J£.
Six furlongs, Lord s.-ni w <a, Goshen second,
Fervor third. Time, 1:163 -
»
Han Rafael Cycler* Will Rrtee.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 28.— The
San Ra:ael Athletic and Cyciing Club is
contemplating another road race of the
sa,me nature as was held her«» a few weeks
ago. The roads are in such excellent con
dition, and the iast affair was so s«cces>
iul, it is the intention of holding a
monthly meet during the ensuin&r season.
Tnose taking an aciive interest in the
aff;iir are M. ti. Hotchkiss, J. W. Cochrane,
J. H. Wilkins and Captain W. E. Robin
son.
STANFORD SENIORS WIN.
The Sophomore Football Eleven
Beaten in an Interclass
Match.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept
28. — The second interclass game came off
to-day amid great excitement. The seniors
and sophomores were matched, and each
•class turned out its "rooters" in goodly
numbers. Since '98 was beaten so handily
by the freshmen, and was thus put out of
the race for the interclass champions!. ip,
great eagerness was evinced as to what the
.other under-ciass would do to its rivals.
That the freshmen should turn down the
juniors was a matter for great surprise,
arid many a student wondered whether
upper classmen were to have their pride
a. am lowered by a defeat at the hands of
the mores.
The '99s were admitted to haye several
good players, especially their punter,
Freeman, Quarterback MclTtosh ana Cen
ter It. W lbur, while it- was equally well
known that on the whole the seniors had
a superior aggregation, but sadly needed a
good punter. Co-eds turned out en masse
and occupied a portion of the grand stand,
from whence they watched the struggle
for supremacy. Several members oi the
faculty were interested observers of the
pa me. -
Play was spirited in th« first half, but
neither side scored. ' Just before time was
called at the end of the second the seniors
made a • touchdown and kicked a goal. j
The play in this half was as follows:
• '97's Young made a good try, but Wil
bur stopped the k.ck and the ball bounded
I oaclc of the center l.ne five-yards. Lawton
: made a short train, and B. Thomas made a six- I
'yaril-e'nd run/ but the ball was lost on a
fumble. . - : .
'99'8*ball— A buck reunited in no gain. The
playing, was very - rocky at this stage as at
many others.
'978 ball— B. Thomas kicked for twenty-five
yard*.
'99's ball— Freeman • tried the senior center,
and made one yard. Brunton tried a run, but
m«d no gain after traversing the breadth of I
the tit-Id twice. ' •
». >97s . l>tt ''l— Robinson made a short gain
through the line, and C. Thomas made an-
I other.
'gg'sball-A kick was blocked, and Wil
liants gofthe bail. - ...
'97's ball— j. aw ton and Tnoma* each made
long p.i»s and th- last minutes of play were
excising in tbe extreme. The ball was on the
ten-yard line, where '99 's line made a go-d
goTthe balT milde * flye * yard al ? e . but '99
'VwSMffnSP" klcked the ball out
Law ton made a yard and Tuomns twelve more
irt ££ imSl-. 6 VV a v r , d and Toom«8 twelve more
the nSJ p» \ RL' binson lost ten yards back of
>oo' £,' ark , pr ta( l klin S hl m hard. '
Snf,?h 88 m ftl d7?trtm h va^n adC * BhOrt *>* R
thpT<n* a i l^ J °.. Btmilde"8 tmilde " «ix-yard gain through
toS»L«In Th at °" Cc made *n°«ne equally
lone gain. Tbomas made a four-yard Hurt
and a moment later he carried it over. Youug
?enlo i * gOal# ° Ore 6 ~° ln ***»' ©I th!
The San It-fuel Trial
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., aep«. 28.-In the
trial of Robert Kelly f or the killing of
Convict Arrison in San Quentin Pri«on
the last rive convicts were to-day exam
ine-1 for th- sub-rebut.al of thedefense
District Attorney Martmelli ad ( lr«saed the
jury for the prosecution. He maintained
that the case of t lie defense wa« too ter
feet to be true. The story of ti.e witnesses
said he, was concocte.i without doubt'
The witnesses were arranged ingeniously
in Jiff-rent groups, e«ch to till up some
L-apmiliecle: n.e. He exhorted the jury
to bring in a verdict of murder premed
itated ana cruel. The cisc will be contin
ued to-morrow morning.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
LIEUTENANT LANG
WANTS TO RETIRE
Bad Health and Not Social
Ostracism Is the
Cause.
DENIES ALL THE RUMORS
But Scandal's T> n-ue Yet Wags
Over H s Marriage to a
Soldier's Daughter.
AH ALLEGED HUMILIATION.
Sergeant Kenkler, the Officer's F ther.
in-Law, Ordered ior Duty at
the S m Post
WASHINGTON. D. C, Sept. 28.— A great
deal has been published in the papers of
late concerning the alleeed ostracism of
Lieutenant Lang, Second Artillery, be
au-o of his marriage to the daughter
of Quartermaster-Sergeant Kinkier. The
latest report is that his father-in-law has
been ordered to duty at the same post aa
the officer, with the view of humiliating
aim. There is said to be an unwritten
social rule m the army, which forbids
social intercourse between the families of
officers and the families of enlisted men,
which alleged rule, it is said, would pre
vent Mrs. Lang from visiting or receiving
visits fr- m her own lather or mother, not
withstanding they were all at the same
post.
An emphatic denial of the-=e reports is
i mad- oy the officials of the War Depart
ment, where the reports of alleged ostra
cism are regarded as wholly imaginary.
Lieutenant Lang is also on record as hav
ing expressed regret that the impression
prevailed anywhere that he had been the
victim of social ostracism. He has a high
strung nervous temperament and has suf
| fered for years witu a nervous disorder, on
| account of which he has endeavored to be
placed on the re'ired list. He is now at
Gi nham, near Fishkill, on a six months'
j leave of absence on account of sickness.
' In an interview on the subject, Lieutenant
j Lan said :
"Lhavs never told any one that I had
• fce»-n slighted on account of my rnarn.ige.
j Even if I lelt that there wan a disposition
j to ostracize me it wonid be unbecoming
; in me as an officer to say such a thing.
If I felt myself aggrieved there are several
ways in which as an officer of the army I
cou d state my grievance.
"The report that I want to be retired
■ from the army on account of social ostra
i cism is witliout foundation. My sole
■ reason for desiring to be retired is on
account of ill health. I have done much
hard work and I am not in condition
j physically to attend to the exacting duties
|of an army officer. If I am sufficiently
improved in health after the expiration of
the six months' leave of absence wh.ch I
have obtained I shall gladly go back to
I the service.
"The constant allusion to my case has
done me much harm. I have seen things
attributed to me in certain newspapers
| which I have never uttered. There is no
I reason why my maniage should have
been so widely discus?e •;. It is not so re
markable a thing for an officer to marry
tbo daughter of a soldier. I could men
tion half a dozen case!) within my personal
knowledge. Ev°n if social ostracism Lad
followed my marriage I would be the last
I man to complain of it I would willingly
| accept it as a matter of course. I have
I never before talKed for publication on
this matter."
In Fishkill, where the lientenant is well
known, the impression is tha 1 the stories
of the lieutenant's social ostracif-m have
little foundation. Mrs. Lang is spoken of
in the highest terms. A man who had
been at West Jfoint with the lieutenant at
the time of his marriage to Miss KenKler
said that the Bocial ostracism existed
mainly in the mind of the lieutenant him
self. He said that some persona did speak
slightingly to the lieutenant, but that any
' feeling they may have bad against him
began long before his marriage.
THREE MEM ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.
Militia Members in Greater Danger of One
Another Than of the
Strikers.
LEADVILLE, Col., S»pt. 28.— Things
are very quiet here to-day an.i promise
to remain so. President Boies for the
; strikers told General Brooks to-day that
the miners tiad no concessions to make
I and could not make any. 8o a things re
main in statu quo.
The conference committee has not as
yet announced its decision. Th 6 report
j was current this morning that the com
mittee bad decided to continue the strike,
but this remaine unconfirmed.
The belief is growing that the commit
tee will finally decide to call the strike off,
but the mine operators have not received
any in-timation of the intention.
In the past ten hours three men hare
I been accidentally shot at the Emmet
! mine. One of the militia officers
eariy this evenine accidentally dis
charged a shotgun, shooting Captain Kava
naugh's horse from under him, wounding
two miners, one of them being shot
in the wrist, but slightly injured,
the other one, Frank Rainey, shot
in the side, seriously injuied. To
night Sergeant Hamilton, Compay
G, Cripple Creek, who was out with a
ncouting party, was ordered to halt by
Sentinei Palmer. Hamilton was a little
slow in responding, when Palmer fired,
the bullet seriously wounding him in the
left knee.
The executive committee of the Miners'
Dnion, it is understood, will report
Wednesday night whether or not they
favor calline off .he strike.
Edward tfoyce of Idaho, president of
the Federation of Miners, made an ad
dress to a body of Scandnavian miners
this evening. He .-poke bitterly of the
military company formed here last wei-k
by the citizens.
He advised the men to hold out, stating
that the federation wouM see that their
families did not suffer. Hft declared that
the trouble which has ocurred nereis not
due to the Miners' Union people, but
from men shipped in hers by mine man
agers. The m eting was a private one,
with the exception of the attendance of a
few of General Brooks' staff.
Itinappear-nee of an Embemmler.
BOSTON, Mass., Bept. 28.— Harold Grey,
f>on o! Lawyer A. T. Grey of Boston, one
of the moat prominent young men of
Hyde Park, has disappeared. For some
years be has been Boston manager for the
American Wringer Company of New York.
He is charged by the company with mis
appropri.tune funds, the shortage being
placed at $20,000 to $25,000.
TO ORDAIN THE OFFICERS.
Ballington Booth to Give the Chief Leaders
of the Volunteers the Right to Ad
minister the Sacrament.
NEW xORK. N. V., Sept. 28.— Since
the recent ceremony by which Com
mander Ballington Booth of the Volun
teers of America became an ordained min
ister of the church many -of his friends
have aske.l the question as to whether in
his capacity as minister of the gospel he
will administer the ri.e of holy communion
and the other sacraments to the members
of his or animation. Commander Booth
will in future exercise his authority to ad
minister the Lord's sapper to the mem
bers of his organization, and the same
rite will be performed by his subordi
nates in future ordained. He says be does
not intend to form a new sect or denomi
nation.
"I found from my experience with the
Balvation Army," said Commander
Booth, "that a great element of weakness
in that organization was owing to the fact
that it is outside ot t c church instead of
being within the church and auxiliary to
it I h' d it essential that the sacraments
should be introduced into our service, and
in order to have that accomplished it be
comes necessary that I shou.d be regularly
ordained as a minister. In furtherance of
• his idea, it will become necessary to or
dain the leading officers of the Volunteers
so that they have tije right to administer
the sacrament to those under their care,
but under no circums-.ances shall I ordain
laymen, but only tnose.who stand as cler
gymen do to their respective churches.'
As soon as Bripad:er-Gcneral Fielding
of Chicago, Colonel Hattie Lindscy
of this city, Lieutenant-Colonel Wol
ley of Buffalo, Major Biackhurst
of San Francisco and other staff ofti
oers shall have been duly ordained, th^
rite of holy communion will be adminis
tered In all the pots of Volunteers on the
first day of each month.
Dynamite for the Cubans.
WOODBURY, N. V.. Sept. 28. -The
Dupont Powder Works at Gibbstown has
just finisheu the manufacture of 1,000.000
pounds of dynamite. Just whom this large
amount of explosive will be consigned to
is a mystery, but it hap been rumor»-d that
it is for the Cuban in*urgents. Work on
the order was pushed with all possible
haste, the plant being in operation night
and day for weeks.
Httnna'* Weddiita i nnirerfaru.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 28.-Chair
man Marcus A. Hunna entertained a few
friends at the Waldorf last night in honor
of hi? wedding anniversary. It is a cus
tom which Hitnna has followed for many
years. Among the guests last night were
Vice- Presi.sental Candidate Garret A.
Hobart and Mrs. Hohart.
lh' ' ttnr *itoot* Uroune.
BALLATER. .Scotland, Sept. 28.— The
weather wms fine 10-duv, and the Czur tools
advantaee of the opportunity to >.<» out on
a grouse-shooting trip. The Cz:ir and
Czar iia wi : l start on October 3 or the
suuiliern route for Paris, nhe^e they are
«xt«?cted to arrive on the morning of Octo
ber 6.
DARING JAIL DELIVERY.
S x Desperate Convicts Bruta ly
Assauit the Warden and-
Escape.
\
Two of the Fug.tives Are C plured,
but the Oth rs Gain Their
Lib-r y.
Wilmington, del., Sept. 28.— The
boldest jail delivery that ever occurred in
this section was committed at the county
jail at Newcastle Saturday night. Six
desperate convicts brutally assaulted
Warden Reed, and relieving him of his
keys and revolver, made their escape from
prison. They were Bonnie Harris, Wil
liam Duncan, alias "Lurry the Yorker,"
Thomas Gibbons, alias "Cleveland Jim
my,' 1 "Brooklyn Whalen" and another
wnose name has not been ascertained.
It is customary with the management
of the Newcastle jail to allow the pris
oners to stroll up and down the corridors
for an hour every evening. Last evening
Warden Reed went into one of the bacfc
cells to play cards with some of the
friendly prisoners. Harris and his com
rades wore parading the corridor at the
time, and they quickly planned their es
cape.
While Warden Reed was seated at a
table in the cell, dealing the cards, Harris
and Gibbons walked in and exchanged
greetings with him. The latter, not sus
pecting trouble, went on with the game.
Harris gave Gibbons the cue, and the lat
ter struck Reed a terrific blow, knocking
him senseless to the floor.
They rifled his pockets and took the keys
of the corridor d'ior and two revolvers.
Duncan and Harris took charge of the pis
tols. Gibbon* led the party, and after
getting out of the corridor safely they
made their way to the jail yard and scaled
the wall by means of ropes. They were
not gone five minutes before a prisoner in
the jail gave the alarm. Then the whole
town learned it and started in pursuit of
the fugitives.
Duncan and Harris were recaptured, but
the others are still at liberty.
Anirjninent of Untleriem.
WASHINGTON, D. a, Sept. 28.—Gen
eral Ruj»er, commanding the Department
of the East, has made the following as
signment of batteries of the Filth Artil
lery: Battery A, Captain Roberts, and
Battery I. Captain Hills, now at the Pre
sidio, are assigned to Fort Hamiltou, N.
V.; Battery H, Captain Crabb, now sta
tioned at Fort Can by. Washington, also
goes to this post. Battery E. Captain
Hodges, now at For; Maacn, Ca!., goes to
Fort Wadsworth, N. V., a« do alt>oßaitery
X, Captain Morris, now at Alcatraz Is. and,
aDd Battery L, Captain McClellan. now at
the Presidio. Battery B, Captain Lomia,
Alcatraz Icland; Batt ryC, Captain Wood,
now at the Presidio, and Battery M, Cap
tain Day, also at th* Preaidio, are assigned
to Fort Siocum, N. Y.
Rodri*ra It Detached.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 28.-An
order was issued at the Navy Department
to-day detaching Lieurenant-Commander
P. P. Rodders from duty as naval attache at
Paris, St Petersburg and Madrid and
assigning Lieutenant William S. Bims to
relieve him. Comm.-.uder Rodgers was
assigned to duty abroad in 1892.
Treasury (told Heterre.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Bept. 28.-The
amount of gold in the treasury at the clo^e
of business to-dny stood at $122 04 r > 550
The gold withdrawals to-day we c $98 >l) 00
Th«re whs received at New York 10-day
$2,000,000 in gold in exchange for currency.
Part of the Boulevard de Vaugirard in
Paris has been rechristened Boulevard
Panteur.
KYLE TALKS ON
SAN DIEGO PLAZA
Thousands of People Cheer
for Protection and Its
Champion.
BRYAN LOSING GROUND.
Change of Sentiment Among the
Voters at the Southern
Seaport.
REPUBLICAN RALLY AT TJKIAH.
Mendocino County R sidents Attend
in Numb rs— County Tickets
Nominated.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 28.—Republi
cans gathered in numbers on the plaza
here to-night. Every available seat was
occupied, and hundreds stood up. The
crowd numbr-red at least 3000 people. The
McKinley Club, several hundred strong,
marched from headquarters to the plaza
wiih inspiring music, and the Coronado
McKinley Club in uniforms crossed the
bay and marched up the street to the tune
of martial strains.
The chairman of the evening was Philip
Morse, president of the Chamber of Com
merce. There was a lar^e list of vice
presidents. T o speaker was Major C.
W. Ky!e of San Francisco. He was loudly
appiuud d for his witty opening remarks.
He soon revealed that he was an orator oj
no mean merit, i resenting the doctrine
o! protection and sound money in sue
convincing fashion that men in the audi
dence cotnd be seen nodding haads and
whispering "That's so." Frequent ap
plause was given to the many points
made by the speaker. Major Kyle de
voted himself to the issues of protection
and sound money. In referring to the
present attitude of the Democracy as tue
champions of free trade he said :
"Why. Thomas Jefferson, the father of
the Democratic party, was as ardent a
protectionist as the lather of his countty;
and Andrew Jack«on, the irtol of the D<
mucracy, was a s out believer in protec
ticn to American labor and American in
dustry. The pictures of these great Dem
ocrats are kept out of sight in thp present
campaiun and th.ise of thr BoyOiator and
renegade ?ilver Republicans are flaunted
as the leaders of the American people!
But the Ame lean peopie are their own
leaders and will lead tbem.-eves i jck to
protection, s< und money and prosperity."
The campaign is now fully on in this
country and the indications point to Re
publican success wuh the oid-time ma- I
jontv. The free-.-iiver craze is admitted ;
to be weaii»r than during the early par: of
the campaign. Democrats are noticeably
less confident of carrying the State for I
Bryan, while Republicans are encouraged I
by the outlook and fully expect to th.row
California into the MrK.n.ey column.
Public meetings are being held by the
Republicans in every precinct.
TALKS TO ME DOCINO VOTERS.
fdAmlMlli Reception to ttrprenentative
Barhun at Vkiah.
UK! AH, Cal., Sept. L'B.— Republicans
from all parts of Mendociuo County, and
especially from tho valleys of the interior,
attended the rally held here Saturday
evening. Crowds thronged the main
streets of the town, and the enthusiasm
fur the Republican candidates and the
principles oi the party was never before
equated at this place. Before the meeting
opened patriotic airs were rendere 1 by the
Ukiah Si.ver Cornet band. When the hall
was reached numbers of people were in
waitiug to greet the speakers of the even
ing. Seats had been provided for 800, and
when these were filled many were left
standing. The hall *as tastily decorated.
Large posters, contrasting the condition
of the workinginan und r the Democratic
and Republican administrations, were
conspicuous. On the stage wa« a magnifi
cent life-size pictuie of Major McKinley.
Hon. T. L. Carotaers, who was one of
Preside ;t Harrison's electors, from this
Slate in 1888, called the meeting to order,
and stated in a clear and cone se manner
the issues before the people. He was in
terrupted by cheers, and when the chair
man presented to the audi nee the first
speaker of the evening, Hon. John A.
Barnaul, at present the Congressman from
the First District and a candidate for re
ele. lion, the audience almost went wild.
Hats were thrown in the air and the en
thusiasm was intense. Mr. Barham was
obliged to wait several minutes to allow
tne applause to subside be. ore he could
begin speaking.
Mr. Barham was attentively listened to,
and iiis pointed arguments and clear ex
position of the issues of the day were well
received. He spoke for about an hour,
and during that time made many tolling
points against the free silver and free
trade ideas of the "Bryanite-." He re
fused, he said, to call them Democrats.
He compared Mr. Bryan to the physician !
wlio was _ood at curing "tits." Mr. Bryan
admitted that a panic would follow his
election.
"Has it come to this, my fellow-citizens,
that we must have a panic — are the Amer
can people in that condition that it re
auires a panic to bring us back to pros
perity?" asked Mr. Barham. A voice
from the audience cried out, "Not much."
Mr. Barham discussed the money and
tariff question thoroughly, and then re
ferred to the Nicaragua canal, for which
he bad himself presented a bill in the
House at iis last session. The completion
of this work, he stated, would increase the
value of the stumpage in this county alone
to the extent of $75,000,000. As regards
the lunding bill, he stated that there was
no reason apparent to him why the rail
roads should not pay their debt to the
Government.
Alter Mr. Barham had concluded his
speech, Hon. J. H. Roberts was introduced
by the chairman and spoke briefly of the
money and tariff planks in the Republican
platiorra. His remark* were interspersed
by frequent sallies of wit directed against
the Potiopathic remedy for the cure of all
of our ills at tlm time. He saw, he said,
a great resemblance between the Popo
cratic party and a mule, tn that the latter,
like the party of Bryan, had neith-r
"pride of ancestry nor hope of posterity."
Tuis remark was greeted with much laugh
ter by tn<> audience.
Mr. Robens compared the results of the
country under the last two administra
tions. In referring to the silver question,
he stated that the true bankers ot tui* Na
tion were the poor people — the hod-carrier,
the washerwoman and other- of the same
station ir. life; that 128,000 people in San
Francisco had standing in their names in
the banks of San Francibco $105. 000,000.
NAMED AT NEVADA CITY.'
IT. M. Roblniion Jor Ataemblyman and
L. A. Calkin* for Senator.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., Sept. 28.— The
Republican County Convention to-day
nominated F. T. Nilon -f Nevada City for
Supeiior Judge and W. 8. Robinson of
Grass Valley for Assembly maa. L. S.
Calkins of Nevada City was nominated by
the Senatorial convention for joint Sen
ator from Nevada, Sierra and Pluraas
counties, and was instructed to work for
the re-election of George C. Perkins as
United States Sena or. The c»un y con
vention indorsed Grove L. Johnson's
course an Congressman . irom this district,
and voted to favor his re-election in every
honorable way.
In the supervisorial convention, J. M.
Buffi igton of Nevada City wa? nominated
from the First District, Henry Luke of
Grass Valley from the Second District and
D. McPnetres of Truckee from the Fifth
District. •
4
SANTA BARBARA CONVENTION.
Republicans Sotninate Cnptain Harris
for A»s tnblyman.
BANIA BARBARA, C/ I>., Sept. 28.—
The Republican County Convention met
at Crane's Hall this morning. E. M.
Burke was elected chairman and uj>on
taking the chair made an et. quent speech
for so und money and McKimey. Henley
C. Booth was elected secretary and the
following committees appointed:
CredentiaU— S E. Crow, E. A. Risor, A. Les
lie, Walter Ehioti. Samuel Slade.
Permanent organization an t order of busi
ness—W. p. Butcner. A. B. Stevens, J. Davis,
II A. llollisier, W. L. Talbot.
Platform and resoiuilons — J. W. Taggart,
A. McLean, J. B. Uaukenson, Grant Jackson,
W. B. Wiciieiiden.
The burning question before the con
vention was that regarding a nomination
for Superior Judge. A motion to strike
out that office from the convention's list,
thus separating the judiciary from pol
itics, was snowed un<-er, and Thomas Mc-
Nulta was nominated for the office by ac
c.amation, there beiug no opposing candi
date. ' . i
For Assemblyman Captain Harris of
Los Alamos, Alexander McLean of Lom
poc and E. M. Burke v.ere piaced in nom
ination. McLean withdrew bis name, sec
onding she nomination of Burke, j Harris
received the nomination on the first ballot
by a vote o; 47 to 43.
The following nominations for Super
visors were made: First District, P. C.
Hi-gins; Third, E. St. John; Fourth, J. D.
Black:
'Ihe candidacy of J. J. Boyce for the
State tsenatorship was enthusiastically in
dorsed and ihe Santa Barbara delegation
instructed to vote ior him.
WOMEN RALLY AT HOODLAND.
Mr: Carrie Chapman- Catt Fie ad t for the
ttightt nf Her S as.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 28.— The
woman suffrage question opened in Yolo
County to-night with a rally and mass-"
meet.ng in Armory Hall. The stage was
daintily decorate.l with choice flowers and
the suffrage colors. The meeting was
under the auspices of the Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union. At least 1200
people were in attendance. Dr. H. D.
Liwhead presided and introduced Miss
Carrie Chapman-Catt of Ci icago as the
principal speaker of the evening. Mrs.
Cait said thai the highest, loftiest, grand
est and finest sentiment at the c!o»e of the
nineteenth century was the development
and uplitting of the motherhood of the
whole human race.
'"Whenever franchisement has been
given in the past there ha> always been
some big political move behind ir. The
'Jerritories were never admitted to State
hood by the dominant party in Congress
unl ss there was rea onable assurance
they were in pottical accord with tue ad
ministration. Women wrre enfranchised
in Utah b«>cau-e a pnil was made thai
demonstrated to the Democrats that the
majority of women in U. ah were Demo
crats. The Di mocrats were opposed to
cq-ial Miffrage, out very quick;y c.ianged
tneir views to a man when they found the
real condition. Tnat is our weakness. We
are unable to prove to any po itical pa ty
our aoil'.tv to give it a mujori.y of votes.
Our appeal is to the men to rise above
party and act upon principles of right
and trutn. Wnen women vote it means to
introduce into our Government a great
deal oi strength. Together we can build
the greatest Republic the world has ever
known."
RALLY OF AAP.i MoKIXLETITES.
Colonel Eddy <dd rentes Hundred! on the
imiueM of the Campaign.
NAP A, Cal., Sept 28.— Many Republi
can rallies have been held in Napa County,
but few have surpassed in attendance the
one of Saturday evening. Long before
the h ur for commencing, Maple Hall
Tl::ik was crowded with Napa's repre
sentative people. When the band, which
had been playing on Main streei, entered
the nail, all the standing room was taken
and many were not able to gain admis
sion.
Robert Corlett, secretary of the County
Central Committee, called the meeting to
order and introduced to the people as
president of th» evening F. E. Holden, one
of the leading Republicans of Napa and of
Napa County. Besides the music by the
band, vocal selections were rendered by
the Napa Republican Glee Club, under
the direction of E. S. Gridley. President
Holden referred to the history of the Re
publican party and spoke in glowing
terms of the Republican candidates now
before the paot-le. He introduced as
speaker of the evening Colonel T. V. Eddy
ol San Francisco.
The speech of Colonel Eddy was logical
and was frequently interrupted by tumul
tuous applause. The speaker devoted
most of the time to the question of free
silver, and for over two hours he held the
undivided attention of the large audience.
♦
ZODI McM.lt) LET IT E8 JiAAVED
Women Admitted n« Honorary Members
of a Campaign club
LODI, Cal., Sept. 28— Lodi Repub
lican club was organized to-night with the
following officers: President, W. C. Green;
vice-president, R. M. Russell; secretary!
J. W. Horton; treasurer, E. Heavy. Ex
ecutive committee, C. M. Ferdun, George
W. Lemoin. W. H. Witte. '
The club goes in to win and will have a
fine drill corps in showy uniforms to turn
out in torchlight processions. Francis
Cogswell is captain of the drill corps. It
■was decided to hay* a roll for ladies to
sign , and to take them into the club as
honorary members, this being the first
time women have been recognized by a
political party here. When the president
announced that the membership roll had
reached the 100 mark the crowd gave
three willing cueers and a tiger for Me
| Kinley and Hobart. . Brief addresses were
made by W. C. Green and Rev. J. W.
Brier Sr., the latter being ot Death Val-
I ley pioneer fame and 83 years old. He
j will take the stump for McKinley and
protection.
»
SACRAMENTO MAKOBING CLUBS.
Twelve Uniformed Organization* formed
by Republicans.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 28.— The
Twentieth and Twenty- Assembly dis
trict Republican clubs held a joint meet
ing this evening and formed an organiza
tion to be known aa the Uniformed Rank
of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Assem
bly districts. I. H. Berkey was chosen as
president ana. M. N. Winans secretary
The uniform will be a light blue trimmed
with white braid. The. membership will
be limited to 150.
This makes the twelfth uniformed Re
publican club that has been organized
| here during the past week, and it is ex
| pected that within ten days there will be
at least 1200 uniformed , Republicans of
Sacramento ready for any political dem
onstration. On ev»ry side clubs are rap
idly forming, c and the estimate Of the
present membership is placed at 3000. To
morrow night the employes of the State
Capitol wili meet and perfect their organ
ization. : °
Wintern' McKinley Club.
WINTERS, Cal., Sept. 28.-A McKinley
and Hobart club was formed here Satur
day night with fifty-one signatures oi
voters, and there are at least that many
more to hear fr^m. I." 0. Jacks ia presi
dent and Frank H OvVew secretary of the
club. Thenienu.ersh pisjsoruriairtjr when
it is considered that this is the str behold
of Democracy in the county and iltauonly
a few years aeo there Were oot fifty voteo
I in the two precincts and less thau sev.enty
five at the last election.
PETALUMA'S WOMAX. ORATOR
Mrs, Ellen li. Button Will. Advocate
• -Equal Stiffriigs. , :[•» \
PETALUMA, Cal., Sept.*2B.— The^caus^
of suffrage* is joining - many., adherents
; here, and PetaluTna will, aoon add to the
talent already on- the "platform in the per
son of Mrs. Ellen H: Button, wlw on Fri
day evening next will make., her first ap
pearance in Sonoma C unty as a sneaker
for equal rights, Mrs. Bui ton ha? already
spoken in NajDa County^ and in this case,
at least, the old* saw 'regarding "A
I prophet in his own country" cannot ba
; applied, as the club is very proud of her
I ability. A meeting held last Saturday at
j ihe residence of Mrs. I."D%nman.'inaug
i urated the first of a series of parlor meet
j ings by the Political Equality Club, and
j was well attendee The next meeting will
, be held at the residence of Mrs. W. Hill.
Tiilare Silreriten Orianlze.
TULARE, Cal., Sept. 2^.— A Bryan and
Castle Free-silver Club was organized here
to-night, with 235 names 6n the roll. Its
membership includes Populists, silver
Democrats and a sprinkling of silver Re
publicans. Dr. H. L. Pace is it sident, I.
N. Wright, W. H. Mijiei and G. H. Castle
vic^-pres. dents, M. v. Cottle secretary and
G. Q. Gill treasurer.
Monter-y County I>emoerats.
SALINAS, Cal., Sept. 28.— The Demo
cratic County Cunvention was held in
Salinas to-day, with B. V. Sargent chair
man and S. C. Smith secretary. • The Tol
loving tickrt was nominated: Superior
Judge, Hon. W. H. Webb; Assemblyman,
George Dudley; Supervisor-— F. rat Dis
tr ct, P. Jordan; Fourth District, O. .v-.. v -.
Redmond; Filth District, Reuben ilorey.
fft.o.««n i» the thirty- Fifth
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. Sept. 28.—
The Thirty-firth Senatorial District Con
vention met to-night and unanimously
nominated J. J. Bojce of this city ior the
State Senaie.
K£W 10-DAY. .^'•,
■■J*' '" ' : ~' ' ■ ' ■ W* r • * \J
f' ' •«^ ' *bsis^'^?-3 *• i * 1„ "
§ A sample price from I j
f the big sale. . . J r '-:/\ J;
i? Superb Royal )Kersey | .
>l Overcoats, genuine •.-. all \ ,. .
J wool, (from the * sheep's g •
'f: back, not from ground V'
t over rags) r with silk vel- J j
| vet collar; lined through- . j .
§ out » with- heavy satin. •v *
3 This coat is sold regu- L
' I larly for $18. Sale-price \ .
I — $10. * Come and see it \-'
to-day. .' ;.:^.:--/|\'
LYONS
1 THP CLOTHIER, . • ! •
1 712-714 MARKET ST. I
f NEXT DOOR TO "PALL" OFFICE., *, I
PHYSICAL J ' :
MANHOOD.
mHIS IS 'THE AGE 0F PHYSICAL
-*- perfection. *It is also the age of physi-
cal weakness. While one man avails him-
sell of every opportunity to develop ana
expand his manly vieor another is passing
his chances to improve, his mind and
body, and easily falls into ' the excesses
winch are always in I. is path, to the/de-
struction of .his vital powers. # .
•As soon as I applied your Belt I found'rclief .
from my losses, in three eeks a gener.l im-
■ proved condition, ami I am now entirely cured.
I Cannpt say too 'much in praise or ynur Belt.
Yours truly, •» J. M. HUBBARD.
Westminster, Orange County, Cal, « •
Every man "knows himself. He knows «.?
■ where he. is weak. • KnQJving it, if he is*
just to himself he will try to recover the *
vital power he has wasted. "• " » 4 .
, "Itisworlh its weight in gold to me," says
•Robert Kittles of East Sound, "W'nSh. «. ■
If you are in doubt read Dr.^anden's
book, "Three Classes of Men." It is' free,
sealed, by mail. A personal call may save
you years of misery. *
. If . you cannot call'send for the book with
•full "particulars, free. , Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
t C3O Market Street, San Francises.
Opposite Palace HoteL Office hours- a *. *. ,»
b:3OF. it.- Sundays, 10 to i. ... ,•-.
COn^uiL^.lon Fire and Invited. *
OFFICKii AT: ; - ■ •'• '••'■..-
IjOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND. Olt.
_jO4 boutg druaqway. | 2u.i Wnjuauioj . j-Tajt
* ELY'S CREAM 11AT.M is a positive care.
, Apply, into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 50
cents at'Drujrgiets or by mail , B;iraples 10c. by mail.
«LV BROTHERS, 66 Warren Su, Hew York City
34
PORTLAND MURDER
MYSTERY CLEARED
The Assassin of Thomas
•. Kennealey Was a
Woman..:
CRIME OF LONG AGO.
•'•.■■.'• ■ "
Storjr; ;of ;\ -the Killing Told to
Detective Cody by an
. ;• ';./ . . • Eye-Witness.
SAW THE VICTIM STABBED.
Robbery the Motive for a Deed That
Baffied the Police for
Ten Years.
PORTLAND, Ok., Sept. 28.— A mystery
that had baffled several police administra-
tions here has at last been solved beyond
the peradventure of a doubt, owing to tbtf
unremittisg efforts of Chief of Police
Minto and Detective A. J. Cody. To the
latter' s ingenuity may be attributed the so
lution of a criminal puzzle which has m ysti
' ned the police of the Northwest for almost
ten years. It originated in the murder of
Thomas Kennealey in this city in Novem
ber, 1896. His mutilated body was found
In the "Villard ruins," or what now is the
basement of the Hotel Portland. The
only clew the detectives had at that time,
was a hat they found on Fourth street,
along which Kennealey's bleeding body
was carried prior to its being deposited in
the "Villard ruins." It was a new No. 7
hat, purchased from Gross Bros, in Ta
coma. Detective Simmons was sent there
in the vain hope of having the purchaser
identified by the firm.
Early on the morning of the 6th of last
May a stranger attem-pted to strangle
Marie Lehvre, a French Whitechapel
habitue, and Detective Cody was put. on
the case. John Co sg rove fell under his
euspicion. Cody had been acquainted
with (Josgrove some years- aeo, ana fhe
latter, not knowing that Cody was an
officer, sasily fell into a trap ingeniously
set for him. The detective represented to
Cosgrove that he was out of work and the
puspect allowed him to scare his bed for a
week in a lodging-house on Fourth and
Salmon streets. The detective so com
pletely wormed himself into the suspected
strangler's confidence that he made an
unqualified confession to iiim of his
attempt upon Marie Lelivre's life. Fre
quently during that w;eek Cosgrove, would
start from his fleep anxl placing his hands
before his eyes he would cry out, "Oh, my
God, drive that sight away from me.''
After a little 'careful questioning, Cos
grove unhesitatingly aainitted that the
vrsion troubling his. sleep was ihe death of
Thomas Kennealey, of which he had been
an eye-witness. He'then gave a detailed
account of the ntrocious crime to Detec
tive .-Cody, the raost^alient points of which
•Cosgpove detailed to Police Stenographer
Dodsou after his arrest for the strangling
• affair. Two women alleged to have been
: directly concerned m this murder are liv-
Sng-'her,e, but they cannot be convicted on
Cosgroye's unsupported testimony.
Cosgrove stated that the hat found on
"Fourtn street on the morning following
the murder was his. Cosgrove said that
when Kennealey came from Tacoma he
had $3(500 on kis person in a belt. He was
Jo Ho wed by "Bulldog" Kelly, sometimes
known as "King of Spades. Kennealey
registered at a hotel in this city, and the
following morning, about 1 o'clock, he
. .called at a Fourth-street saloon. He had
the money in the belt around his waist.
While there he went into a room with a
' girl and she ordered some drinks. Wben
the barkeeper, Robert Dorner, entered,
■ Kennealey did not-like his appearance, for
"Bob" was a bad-looking man. Kennealey
at once returned to the barroom, in which
•at. the time were "Bulldog" Kelly, Fred
' Love and Cosgrove. Kelly tried to get
Keanealey out of the saloon with the in
tention of robbing him. Another woman
: and Dorner, having the same object in
view, knew that if "Bulldog-" Kef/y got
him outside of the place they would lose
the)r opportunity, so they took Kelly into
thefr scheme, agreeing that they would
rob him in the house and divide the pro
ceeds between them.
• Kennealey was doped and taken up
stairs. The woman and Doruer started to
search him, when he awoke. Dorner got
h-im by the throrft and choked him, while
.the woman stabDed him to death, as she
•; supposed, when they finished their work
• # of-robbery. The. money was divided be-
Mfeen "Bulldog"" Kellv, the woman, Dor
. ner anil Love, and Cosgrove was given
hush money.
: "I witnessed "the whole proceeding,"
said Cosgrove in conclusion. "I saw the
woman plunge the knife up to the hilt
into the poor fellow several times and it
made me shudder. To tell the truth,
when Kennealey was .dead. Love and I
were compelled to tajie him to the 'Villard
ruins.' We stood him upright, and each
of us threw one of his arms about our
'necks, so as to make it appear as if we
were caring for a drunken man. On the
way my hat dropped -to the sidewalk."
To ascertain the whereabouts of Kelly
and Love Chief Minto was materially as
sisted by the Pinkertons, but the informa
tion so far obtained is very unsatisfactory.
Kelly met with a railroad accident be
tween Spokane and Missoula in 1893, from
which he died ma hospital In the latter
.place. Love is in some unknown peniten
tiary under an assumed name, but the
search for him will not be abandoned.
CONGRESS MINE DISASTER.
Chief of the Weather Bureau White of
' Phoenix Killed and Several of His
.• Friends Injured.
PHCE^'rX, Ariz., Sept. 28.— A. L. White,
Chief of the United States Weather Bu
reau in this city, wa3 killed and a number
of*his compknions'serioualy injured in an
accident this afternoon at the Congress
mine, sixty miles north of Phoenix. The
party was ascending the incline on a
dumo train when the cars left the track
near the 1200 level and were piled up in a
wreck. 'Most of the visitors jumped and
escaped, some with broken limbs, while
otners went down with the cars and were
badly crushed and bruised.
SACRAMENTO JAIL-BREAK.
Three Criminals Escape From the County
Prison Yard— One Recaptured
by Officers.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 28.— Three
desperate criminals, one of whom is well
known as the most notorious pickpocket
on the coast, escaped from the County
Jail this morning, and two of them are
still at liberty.
Shortly after Jailer Beckley had tnrned
his wards at large in the jail yard one of
his trusties came to him and reported the
escape. Beckley gave the alaun, and
Deputy Sheriffs F. J. Smith, Charles
Bchwilk and Ira Conran started in pur
suit. They learned that the men had been
seen running up a neighboring alley, and
eventually touiul one of them hiding be
neath a bush in the grounds surrounding
the residence of Hon. Grove L. Johnson.
Tlie culpiit, a burglar named Frank Mc-
Carty, was captured and returned to t4ie
jail, but absolutely refu-ed to tivc infor
mation as to the whereabouts of his com
rades.
After the return to the jail a search was
instituted, and it was found that the three
had torn up the flooring in one of the
closets and had passed through a natural
tunnel to a deserted closet in the rear of
the Assessor's office. There they scaled
the low wall and dropped into the street.
The two st ill at liberty are William Harri
son, awaiting trial for burglary, and W. J.
Creelman, the pickpocket. As these men
stood on their constitutional rights at the
time of their arrest and refused to be
photographed until after conviction, their
chance for getting away is excellent.
HEDGED MURDERER HELD.
31 iimrri Takrn to Prevent the Lynching
of Joaquin ftienta*.
SAX DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 28.— Joaquin
Fuentes, who coolly stabbed his friend,
Bernardino Contreres, in the stomach
at Hedges mining camp a few weeks
ago, has been Held for trial in the
Superior Court, under bonds of $10,000.
These he was unable to procure,
Great anxiety was felt by the officers in
taking Fuentes from the County Jail to
the scene of the murder, for at tn<» time of
the arrest a party had been organized by a
brother of the murdered man to kill
Fuentes before he could be taken from
camp.
The officers on that occasion took
Fuentes to tne railroad station at Ogilby
at the dead of night and with revolvers
drawn and ready for instant use, but the
lynchers were outwitted and trouble pre
vented.
On the present trip the officers were
notified t' at t.*e widow of tne murdered
man was waiting to kill Fuentes and ad
vantage was taken of her absence at Yuma
to hasten to Hedges and hold the pre
liminary examination.
LOS ANGELES CONFERENCE
Educational Topics Discussed
by Southern California
Methodists.
Progress M^de During the Year by
Schools Under the JurisJictioa
of the Church.
Los Axgeles Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway, V
Los Angelep, Cal , Sept. 28.)
The Southern California Methodist Epis
copal conference for 1896 will end its labors
to-morrow. It has been a busy and har
monious gathering.
This morning's ses«ion was occupied
with educational matters. The committee
on education presented its report regard
ing the work done by the various church
schools during the year, giving something
of their condition. The committee re
commended that Dr. G. W. White,
the president of the University of
Southern California, be reap;>ointed to
this position by tLe Bishop for the en«u
in<r year, and this will no doubt be com
plied with. A number of addresses were
made by the deans of the colleges, all re
porting that the work was progr*s*inti sat
ibfactorily. Dr. Wliite said that the relici
ous influence of the university was l>ein^
felt, and the noon prayer-meetings showed
a marked increase In attendance. The
others who spoke were Dr. C"chran, Dr.
Phillips and D^an Randall of Cuaffee Col
lege of Ontario.
Rev. Will A. Knfghten presented a reso
lution providing that it was the sense of
the conference that the Methodist church
support Simpson Church, and aid so far
as possible iv raising nnnev necessary to
pay off the debt. This was carried unani
mously.
The resolution of Saturday, providing
for a fund for the support of superannua
ted ministers, was referred to t£e commit
tee for necessary revision.
RAILWAY TO BE CASTADA.
JEastern Capitalist* Hack of a Lot Ange
tea Project.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 23.— From
the most reliable information obtainable
on the subject, Los Angeles will soon have
another suburban electric railway. The
new line will run into the fertile and pic
turesque La Canyada Valley, a distance of
twelve miles from this city and three miles
southwest of Pasadena. Dr. J. D. Hine
man, representing Eastern capitalists, has
the enterprise in band.
During the past week a number of meet
ings of the residents of Lv Canyada have
been held, at which Dr. Hineman and his
engineer, Henry Dockweiler, have been
present. It has been uositively announceu
that if the right of way and reasonable
financial aid should be c'ven, work would
begin before November 1. Dr. Hinemau
claims tbat his company is negotiating
with the Terminal people" fcr their road,
the intention being to lay a third rail ana
electncize it. It is believed the intention
is to make a belt line connecting with the
Terminal at the Arroyo Park and the
Verdugo terminus, as "that would make
one of the most beautiful scenic routes in
this part of the State.
T. E. Gibbon, the vice-president of the
Terminal road, said to-day that his com
pany had been approached regarding some
combination arrangement and that while
nothing had been decided upon it was not
impossible that the new proiect would re
ceive the aid of the Terminal, as it would
be in the nature of a feeder.
SUES FOR A SUPARATIOS.
Proceeding* Instituted by the Wife of
I>r. Fforn of Oakland.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 28.— Mrs.
Lillian L. Fearn, wife of Dr. Fearn, a phy
sician of Oakland, has brought suit against
her husband for divorce and alimony, al
leging cruelty involving sreat mental
anxiety. The fair plaintiff says in her
complaint that her spouse is of a jealons
disposition, and that without just or rea
sonable cause he na« oiten made insinua
tions aeainst her, and has in divers ways
been cruel and heartless in h?a langua c
toward her. For these reasons she asks
for a decree ot final separation, and pend
ing the action asks for an allowance for
attorney's lees.
To Dltplny Manufactured Product*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 28.-The
proposition for an- exhibition of home or
State manufactured products at Hazard's
Pavilion during the approaching tourists'
season is meeting with gratifying en
couragement from every quarter. A board
of managers appointed by the Merchants'
and Manufacturers' Association of this
city has the matter in hand. J. P. Gray of
that board will go to San Francisco to
morrow to enlist co-operation of leading
manufacturers of the metropolis to the
end that they may be provided with space
for their products during the exhibition in
January next.
Slant ger JStalim Arrtnted.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 28.—Leon
ard Grover, well known in theatrical cir
cles, caused the arrest here to-day of Ed
ward Mahm, manager of th« Burbank
Theater, on a charge of embezzlement, al
leging that he had appropriated $75 be
longing to the May Noble troupe. Man
ager Mahm gave $300 bail, and was imme
diately released from custody.
Loans on diamonds. liuerest low. At Uncle
Harris's 16 Urnui avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
SANTA CLARA
COUNTY'S FAIR
Auspicious Opening of the
Exposition at San
Jose.
DISPLAY OF RESOURCES
Fruits, Farm Products, Works
of Art and Creations of
the Factory.
SPEECHES IN THE PAVILION.
Progress of the Fertile Valley Re
viewed by Speakers— Marine
Band Concert.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 28.— County
Fair was auspiciously opened this evening.
Exercises were held in the pavilion, where
is gathered a great array of the natural
and manufactured products of Santa Clara
County.
. The programme included addresses by
United States Senator George C. Perkins;
J. A. Filcber, president of the State Board
of Trade; Colonel T. R. Weaver, president
of the local Board of Trade, and Jackson
Hatch. 'j~^
The pavilion presented a scene of great
brilliancy. The exhibits were all arranged
with a view to the most artistic effect, with
the result that the display excels that of
any previous county fair.
In the center of the hall the electric
tower arises thirty-five feet from the floor,
its sides and corners gleaming with almost
countless flashing lights.
.The exhibits of the various local manu
factures and business houses are exten
sive, and many exhibitors also added
elaborate decorations. The various fruit
unions have fine displays of dried fruits.
There are also some excellent exhibits
of farm products. The art exhibit, con
taining many fine paintings, has been
splendidly arranged and attracts a great
deal of attention.
The exercises were opened by Colonel
T. R. Weaver, who made a brief speech.
He reviewed the work of the Board of
Trade and tliauked the people for their
co-operation in efforts designed for the
best interests of the community.
Jackson Hatch, president of the even
ing, was next introduced. In a polished
address he compared the Snntu i;lara
Valley to the mythical favored spot of the
earth which surrounded the fabled foun
tain of Pireue.
He congratulated the Board of Trade for
successfully carrying out the project of
holding an old-time county fair.
J. A. Filcher of the State Board of Trade
devoted his remarks mainly to a rela
tion of the marvelous progress of Califor
nia in general and Santa Clara County in
particular. Ho urged the fruit-growers to
stand together and extensively advertise
the excellence of their products.
Senator Perkins made the formal open
ing address. He complimented the Board
of Trade on its splendid exhibition. He
referred briefly to the great educational
institutions of the county, saying that
here r.ll children could .secure an educa
tion which in another land would cost a
fortune.
In speaking of the industries of the
State he predicted that within ten years
California would produce enough beet
sugar to supply the whole of the United
Bute*.
The major portion of bis speech was de
voted to urging all to unite in advancing
the interests of the State.
A promenade Concert by the San Jose
Marine Band followed the addresses.
SUES FOR HER FORTUNE.
Mrs. Irene K. Quinby Alleges That Druggist
Ficfitr Defrauded Her Out of a
Valuable Ranch.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 23.— Mrs. Irene
K. Quimby to-day began suit in the Su
perior Court against C. \V. Ficher, a well
known druggist of this city, for an ao
coutitinK as business agent «i the estate
lett to her by her deceased husband, John
Qiinby. Mrs. Quinby alleges that
Ficher defrauded her out of a ranch
valued at $20,000.
The plaintiff states, in her complaint
that her depeased husband, John Quinby
borrowfld $5600 from the San Jose Safe De
posit Bank of Savings in 1 1887 and gave a
mortgage upon their ranch of 137 acres of
the Yerba Buena Kancho. Shortly after
Quinby's death the mortgage was trans
ferred to Ficher, and lie became Mrs.
Quinby' agent and hail full control of
her affairs. From 1887 to 1890, Mr«.
Qainby alleges, : Ficher collected the in
come rom the ranch, which; was not less
than $3500 annually, and at the same
time she paid him $3600 herself to apply
as interest upon the note. Up to 1893, the
plaintiff alleges, the receipts that Fisher
obtained from the ranch and from her
amounted to about $20,000. She says she
was made to believe that the ranch was a
source of expense and had to be continu
ally putting up money.
In about 1893 the "plaintiff moved Into
town from the ranch and she paid $2200 in
cash for a house and lot in the Western
Addition, the transaction being effected
through Fisher as her agent, and the
premises being bought from T. Bolting.
At the time she supposed she was getting
the deed in her name, but when she went
to place ii on record Fisher was found to
be -grantee. "..In explanation the plaintiff
says Fisher told her he had lost the origi
nal deed to her aud had that made in its
stead. .
The dealings were growing more com
plicated, so Mrs. Quinby says, and she de
manded settlement, but could secure none,
and in an effort to straighten out the en
tanglement Mrs. Quinby was led to believe
that it would be equitable for the defend
ant to transfer to the plaintiff the Bolting
property and she should give him a deed
to tue ranch. That was done, but now the
plaintiff wants a reconveyance ana ac
counting for all the profits of the farm and
receipts from her, from wnich she is will
ing to allow the $6630 mortgage to be
taken. .
TO MAKE SMOKELESS POWDER.
Incorporation of a Company That Will
Erect a Manufacturing Plant at
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept, 28.— Articles of
incorporation of the Peerless Powder Com
pany were filed with the County Cierk
yesterday afternoon. The capital stock of
the company is $20,000, all subscribed.
The principal place of business is given as
San Jose, and the incorporators, who are
also named as the directors for the first
year, are as follows: Rocca Salomone. P.
Harlata. L. A. Bpinelli, Robert Mental
and H. A. Gabriel.
The purpose of the company is to manu
facture and sell smokeless powder. The
organization of this company is the result
of years of experimental work on the part
of Rocc£ Salomonp, who has devoted a
large portion of his life to the study ot
powder. He took a quantity of this pow
der to the United States arsenel at
Benicia and had it tested with the Gov
ernment ordnance guns, both large and
small, under the personal supervision of
Lieutenant Lissalc. One of the tests was
to tire from a 30-ralibre smokeless-powder
rifle 125 shots as rapidly as the weapon
could be discharged and insert a piece of
white cotton into the barrel to ascertain
the amount of dirt. The cotton, it was
claimed, was withdrawn without a particle
of dirt being visible.
After this test the army officers assured
the inventor he had discovered a wonder
ful powder, which far surpassed the
product made at Santa Cruz, which is
used In such large quantities by the Gov
ernment that tlie plant is unable to sup
ply the demand. On the strength of this,
the inventor and his colleagues proceeded
to organize a company to manufacture the
powder in quantities.
Local experts have been given samples
of this powder to test in shotguns and
rirles at various ranges and with different
sizes of shot and bullets, and they have
without exception pronounced it far su
perior to any of the celebrated smokeless
powder now on the market.
AUNTIN A POTI LOSE.
Ordered to Pay the Motet Held by Messrs.
Field and JHndlay. - : :
, SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept, 28.— Judge Rey
nolds this morning gave judgments for
the plaintiffs in the suits brought by
Arthur G. Field and J. W. Findlay against
Paul P. Austin and Fred 8. Pott, who
formerly conducted a real estate and in
surance business in this city under the
firm name of Austin &. Pott, on two notes
aggregating $25,500.
On November 1, 1892, A. G. Field, who
was a real estate and insurance dealer in
this city, disposed oi his business to Auf
tin & Pott for $47,500. Austin & Pott paid
$10,0u0 down in cush and gave their notes
for $37,500. In the course of business Field
assigned $12,500 of the notes held by him
against the defendants to J. W. Findlay.
The defendants claimed that after the
sale of Field's business to them they dis
covered that 650 snares of stock of the
Western Granite Company, which were in
cluded in the purchase, were not worth
nearly the amount r>aid for them. Tuev
had asked of another stockholder, C. T\
Ryland, the value of the shares, and were
informed that they were well worth $,50
each. The defense alleged that Ryland
had misrepresented th- actual situation.
The court held that entire failure of con
sideration had not been shown, and found
for the plaintiff in each case.
Santa Clara Aiailtray An»e**ment3.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 28.— The Board
of Supervisors to-day adopted the assess
ment of the railroad lines in Santa Clara
County fixed by the State Board of Eaali
zation and apportioned it among the cities
and school districts of the counties. The
nuntber of miles of railroad in the county
is 112, and the total valuation is placed at
$1,^19.923. ihe assessment and the nuni
l>er of miles of each road ie as follows:
Southern Pacific Company, 67.1 miles,
$9368 per mile; Central Pacitic Railroad,
8.5 miles, $17,408 per mile; South Pacific
Coast Railroad, 37 miles, f 12,000 per mile.
tiratli of' Henna to S-tta.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 28.— Gennaro
Setta, a well-known Italian resident of this
city, died to-day of hemorrhage of the
liver. He had conducted a barber-shop in
this city for nnward of twenty-five years.
He was a native of Naples, Itaiv, aged 51
years. A widow and three ciiikhen sur
vive him.
OREGON LAWYER'S PLIGHT
Ex-Senator Dolph Intimates That
President Clevelaad Gets
Intoxicated.
His Statements Like y to Call Fcrth
Reproct From the State Bar
Association-
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 28.— Ex-United
States Senator Doiph ha? attracted to him
self some unenviable notori-jty and un
pleasant criticism by making some start
ling public intimations that Pre<Ment
Cleveland and his Caoiuet go on sprees
poriodicallr. Because of the unpleasant
uottce that is being taken of it the Sen
ator is being remonstrated with to such an
extent that he has proclaimed, in an ef
fort to get out oi it, that it was a sup of
the tongue in an argument.
Dolph recently appeared before the
board of the Oregon MedTcal Association
to defend Dr. Bigeers, a well-known Baker
City (Or.) physician, who was on trial for
being drunk and using unprofessional and
ungtntkmanly language. The Senator's
statement was thisi
"It would be rather severe to hold that
any professional man who gets drunk oc
casionally — and lota of them do, as we all
know— demonstrates inherent baseness of
character. 1 know one of the most promi
nent members of President Cleveland's
Cabinet who goes on a spree now and
then and makes a hee line for the lower
part of the city. I know that a man even
more prominent than he gets intoxicated
occasionally. No divorce is ever granted
on proving merely a sinele case of drunk
enness or even periodical sprees."
It is very probable the Oregon Bar As
sociation will reprove Dolph for his utter
ances as a breach of propriety.
MADERA OUTLAW'S FATE.
"Jim" flatlip Sentenced to is an Quentin
for Life.
MADERA, Cal., Sept. 28.— Judge- Con
ley to-day overruled a motion for a new
trial in the case of "Jim" Haslip, the
half-breed Indian who ' was convicted of
the murder of Pasquale . Milesi two years
ago, in this county, and sentenced him to
San Quentin for the term of his natural
life. '- —.
After the conviction of Haslip, and
while the motion heard to-day was pend
ing, Haslip, in company with "Jimmy"
Lawson and John Love, broke jail and es
caped. He kept out of the reach of the
officers until a month aeo, when he was
decoyed by another Indian to a place
where a Deputy Sheriff awaited him, and
was taken into custody. He claims to
know the whereabouts of the Regan gang
and ' promises to lead officers to their
stronghold if he is released. His attorney
tiled a notice of appeal to the Supreme
Court and the court signed an order of
probable cause staying execution until
the appeal is decided.
— — •i
0 Sautalito'* Campaign Pn-fiUon.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 28.— The Ke
pnblican and Democratic parties have se
cured from the North Pacific Coast Rail
road Company the uss of the large passen
ger depot on the pier as a pavilion, where
political meetings will be held. The Sau
salito Light and Power Company will fit
up the interior with electric lights. A
speakers' stand will be erected large
enough to bold fifty or more people.
Those who are prominent in the enterprise
are Thomas Frost, Judue Pryor, F. D.
Linsley and A. Sylvn. The rally under
the auspices of the McKinley and Hobart
Club of Sausalito will be held to-morrow
night.
Suicide at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept, 28.-Gustave
Pell, a young Russian, who was impover
ished and despondent over his misfortune,
committed suicide to-day by making a
sensational leaD from the Burnside-street
bridge into the river. His body was re
covered.
TRAINS START
FROM FRESNO
Freighting Business Begun
by the Valley Railroad
Company.
TWO CARLOADS OF WINE
Local Dealers Make Shipments
and Receive Consignments
of Merchandise.
PEEFAKING FOB THE JUBILEE.
Thousands Will Make Merry When
the First Passerger Train
Arrives.
FRESNO, Cal., Sept. 28.— The Valley
road began freighting business betweV n
this city and the coast to-day. One train
a day will run each way for the present,
arriving here in the evening and leaving
at 6 o'clock in the morning. To-day's
business consisted of the shipment of two
carloads of wine, one by George P. Bever
idge and the other by the Eisen Company,
and the arrival this evening of a carload of
salt, two of potatoes and a fourth of gen
eral merchandise for local firms.
The facilities for handling freight in this
city are somewhat inconvenient, but a
temporary platform w ju immediately be
constructed, which will materially aid mat
ters. The bids for the construction of the
freight depot will be opened in Ran Fran
cisco to-morrow. It is hoped to have the
building completed in thirty days. The
shea will be built first, so that the best
facilities possible may be had for immedi
ate business.
To-morrow's business will be heavier,
Agent Warrington having made arrange
ments to-day for the shipment of the first
carload of wool out of tne county, a car
load of figs and another of wine. There
is considerable rivalry among local
shippers to get the first shipping receipt
of different commodities. Everybody is
anxious to patronize the competing road,
and Agent Warrington is busy from
morning to night in answering applica
tions lor rates.
The appointment of a Fresno man as
the local lreigbt agent is received with
considerable gratification by the people.
Mr. Warnngtou has been a resident of the
city for a number of years. The railroad
company has further shown its com
mendable disposition by the selection of
Fresno men for other positions.
Vice- President Watt, Directors Sloss and
Paybon and Chief Engineer Story arrived
over the new road to-uay on a tour of in
spection.
Arrangements Tor the celebration of the
first passenger train over the Valley road
next Monday have been completed^ The
parade in the forenoon will be the largest
ever witnessed in Central California. F.
G. Berry will le grand marshal and
Colonel T. J. Hay his chief aid. All mili
tary companies in the valley will partici
pate, as will Governor Bud'l and his staff.
The barbecue in the afternoon at the depot
grounds will be a big affair. Preparations
are being made to leed 10,000 people.
Passenger trains will arrive with invited
guests from San Frarrcisco, Stockton and
Merced at 1 p. m., and Arthur R. Briggs,
president of the Chamber of Commerce,
will deliver the address of welcome.
In the evening there will be a banquet
at Hughes Hotel and a parade of wheel
men. The bicycles will be gorgeously
decorated and it is expected that 400 will
be in line.
MOURNING IN STOCKTON.
James W. Sperry Stricken by Death After
an I mess Extending Over a Period
of Two Years.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept, 28.— 1n the
death of J&mea W. Sperry tc-day Stockton
lost a man who has long been identified
with the business interests of the city.
Mr. Sperry has been an invalid for two
years, but the immediate cause of his de
mise was a sinking spell induced by heart
failure.
He had been suffering from a complica
tion of troubles, and friends and relatives
had been awara for some time that the
end was near. The invalid's demise oc
curred at 1 o'clock this nfternoon.
James W. Sperry has taken a prom
inent part in the upbuilding of Stockton,
though he was cut down almost in the
prime of life.
Before he became a confirmed invalid
he was a director of the Produce Exchange
ana treasurer of the Sperry flour mills. He
is survived by a widow and four children.
Mr. Sperry was but 37 years of ace when
stricken by deatb.
The funeral of Mr. Sperry will take
place at 2 o'clock on Wednesday after
noon from St. John's Episcopal Church in
this city. The funeral will be private.
GUEST OF DEL MONTE.
Major- General kelson A. Milet Enter
tained at the Hostelry.
DEL MONTE, Cal... Sept. 28.— Major-
General Nelson A. Miles, commander-in
chief of the United States army, came
down to Del Monte Hotel on the late
train Saturday night for a Saturday- to-
Monday visit. General Miles has been
keeping trtmself so continually busy on
this tour inspecting the various military
stations that the rest was most welcome
to him. He enjoyed the baths yesterday
morning and in the afternoon was taken
around the Seven teen- mile Drive. During
the ride General Miles inspected the
United States military reservation at
Monterey. He left this morning for San
Francisco and thence he will go south
through California and Arizona and to
the varions army posts of the Department
of Colorado.
Sfartftvittn Murderer Sentenced.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Sept. 28.— 1n the
Superior Court to-day December 11 was
fixed as the time and San Quentin the
place for the execution of Marshall Miller,
who murdered Julius Pier on May 1, 1895.
Miller was before sentenced to be hanged
on September 27, but the execution was
delayed awaiting the decision of the Su
preme Courton an appeal. Stuart Greene,
the accomplice of Miller, is now doing a
life term.
-_ _ HEW to-dat:
■ f^^^s> BOELEN'S
$Ss==^^ PEEBLSSS
P&"SS? EVAPOBATED '
Wfl®*P ? CREAM •
JWHevapo"^ Equaled by None.
'oTjl&jqyMtfi/' PREPARED BT
L^^^jy New York Condensed \
»ew to-pat:"' 
BUCKINGHAM .-*v^ .jgßßj^H
& H ECHT fej^»»'lj
THE
BALANCE
On the Ledger ot
Experience is great-
ly in favor of
Buckingham & Hecht's
Nova Scotia Seal
Cork Sole Shoes
Read the following account
from the private ledger of a gen-
tleman who has tried . these
shoes : : -»
WINTER 1894-95
To 1 pair Calf Shoes $5.00
" 1 pair Rubbers 90
" 1 visit physician.... 2.50
"1 prescription 75
" 2 bottles cough 5yrup....... 50
" 1 box quinine pills .25
" 3 days' detention from busi-
ness 15.00
Total ~..524.90
WINTER 1855-96
To 1 pair Nova Scotia Seal
Cork Sole Shoes.-. $5.00
Total $5.00 j
•>-""--» -"" v^i ''-'---" ./.* '■-■'. *,- **, " ' 7 ™~n~
Saving over last year 919.90 !
No more rheumatism, coughs j
Jor colds. No more wet feet. ;
■ , PRICES:
Men's *...».. «•••••••«• $5.00
Ladies* $3.50 and $4.50 j
Boys' 11 to 2. $3.50; 2Vi to 6, $3.00 ',
Misses' 11 to 2, $1.75 and $2.50 j
Child's 6 to $1.25 ; 8 to IOVb
*1.50 and $2.00 ;
Every genuine pair stamped
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT.
Kasts
738-740 Market St. .
Carry a full line of Buckingham & Hecht's '
Fine Shoes. Send for catalogue. . : j
MEDICAL AND SURGICAL OFFICES
or 1
DOCTOR COOK
- This noted specialist, permanently estab-
lished in San Francisco, is more thoroughly
equipped and better prepared lor the practice
of his profession than any other physician in
the West.
Doctor Cook corrects the errors of youth and
removes their evil effects from men of all
ages— frees them forever from the miseries of
Lost or Failing Manhooa, Impotency, . Vital
Losses, Weakening Dreams, Sleeplessness,
Nervousness, Pimples, Bashfnlness, Despond-
ency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition -and similar
symptoms of physical, mental and sexual
weakness, unfitting them for study, business
or marriage.
Doctor Cook also cures Gonorrhea, Gleet,
Stricture, Vancocele, Hydrocele and all other
Sexual Diseases. Deformities or Disabilities. .
Chronic Catarrh and ailments of the Eye,-
Ear, Nose and Throat scientifically treated
and promptly cured.
Also functional diseases of the Heart,
Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and
Urinary Organs.
Blood and Skin Diseases and Files, Fistula
and Rupture a lifelong study and practice.
Careful attention given to the many dis-
tressing ailments peculiar to women.
Cases noon which other doctors have ex-
perimented and failed especially invited.
Perfect cures guaranteed.
If you cannot call upon the doctor describe
your troubles to him by letter, as his system of
home treatment by mail is absolutely perfect !
and always satisfactory to patients living at a '
distance. Office hours : 9 to 12 A. M., 2to 5
and 7toB P. M. Sundays, from 10 to 12 A. M.
only. Address
DOCTOR COOK,
865 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
. (Opposite Baldwin Hotel).
TOE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
THE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPKN UNTIL Ml|t.M..nr
GREAT BARGAINSS
1 ————«_ — — — . WARE ,
fc> 01^ DECORATING
I <R. CHURCH, 307 S»neome Room L '
■-— j-yp , ,"l" ,„.!
IJAVF Yfill "^r* Throat, Pimpte3, Copperlgj
lI AI C IUU colored Spot*. Aches, Old Borw.Kg
Ulcers in Month. H»ir>>'iUlnff! Write COOK.B3J
■ REMEDY CO., 807 Masonic Templ*Jp3
■Chicago, 111., for proofs of cut**. Cur>l-G|
t*l. 8000,000. Wont cases cured In 16} d
■to OS dmya. , 100-p*«e book Me. gl
I "■^■^^^^^^^■^MWaM mJHI aß^
HTTW TO-PAT. »^
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE .
iYIAQQIONI KID GLOVES. .^
Special
Silk Sale!
Commencing Monday, Sept. 28.
■ ; ;'.*o" * **■-..' ."* r '
Silks at
■•■■•;-• Half Price.
Hundreds of yards of new Silks
almost given away
Figured Taffeta Silks,
Black Brocaded Silks, *
Dresden Silks,
in ...
• Choice Designs,.
r v Desirable Colorings,
• Magnificent Quality,
At ZlC\ Cents
At J^\l Per Yard
Regular price $1.00 per yard.
The Greatest Bargain ever
offered, in this city.  ~ #
*•; New Goods Just placed' v \
on our counters .'•/.. \
Our regular patrons are advised"
to call early. , * /"V* : :.V \
Just Opened . . .
. : ' New Veilings,* 6 ' *■' -'
New Neckwear, :
* . New Laces and
New Lace : Nets. " : * : : J
Mail Orders receive prompt attention
NEWMAN & LEVINSQN,
125. 137,120. J3l Kearnjr Stteet.
BRANCH STORK— and 14* Market S6
BAZAAR^
SPECIAL v\--:
'":- DRIVE
This Week.
MfiWlTflXf l V Cops and Saucers
MB (Jr. Ay.- Mush sets, .:
TTTRFR'Q " T<iast .Sets/ r •
iUftMO Tete-a-tete Sets,
SAMPLES HI!
—at— .!! Chocolate Sets.
II [17 • '• !j Bodenbach V
llliLJ:- .-v Rfiaisch- A
nnyWri .* ; Crown, 6 S
PRICE 8? I
lIUUJJ. ._^ Bulgarian/ s
.ALL-ODD PIECES.
NO TWO ALIKE. ; •
DON'T .. SmaU Pieces"
FAIL . 1P
TO SEE - From Ihp
OUR IUU
DISPLAY. 'Upward. •
tSwm Inltosd«ji.^a Whites, unnatural dij-
£SW not u> .trinur.. ** tion. irriUtion orSS
fiV^THEEVAHS CheWCHCo. cranes. Non-wtringent.
CINDNMTI.O ■ I Sold by DrnnlMr.
C. 3. A. 2 F° T B « n < >n plain irr~pp*r
- -^M* l^* ■» Circular sen* or. - n«af .
TARS AD A I*™1 *™ , refreshing ter
U Ml II X fruit lozenge,
• nIIIK II very a«re«»ble to take .
■■■ » ■ m mm '•-'' hemorrhoids, bile, ■
MI IUM los f of appetite, gastrl • and
IIIUI £ II intestinal troubles »nd
" "mm" ■■ " headache arising r
3 ly-W/JCOX COMPOUND
rANSY*PULS
Roma* j tx^egwd *BE£wilcox Mxdi-
- ci>s Co., 22»8o. ElgiittiSt., Fhii«ia., Fa.VITRIOLIC WORDS
OF FATHER YORKE
Reviews in Denunciatory
•\ Style the Growth of
;'\' the A. P. A. , ..'
hot shot all round.
Candidates for Ofice Come In
for a Large Share of . •
". ; Attention.
QUESTION FOR tj. I, TAYLOR.
He Js Asked if H? Will Accept the
Indorsement of the Citizens'
Party.
•
Father Yorke, in bis fifth lecture of the
series of six to be delivered at Metropoli
tan Hall under t&e auspices -of the Ameri
can' Woman's Liberal League, was more
than usually vitriolic last, night. His
subject was "The Growth ot the Upas
.Tree," the name of this noxious and
deadly tree Dewig intended to apoly to the
A. P. A. .
■ Music in the shape of patriotic airs on
the organ opened the exercises. John P.
Bajrett, chairman of the evening, in his
address spoke as follows:
"The first impulse of the American peo
ple -at the approach of peril is high and
. lofty defiance. It is a feeling well
grounded ant deep rooted."
After a tribute to the heroism of those
who fought in the various wars of this
country, he declared that the American
• women were not less heroic when occasion
required a demonstration of: it. He spoke
of the work of the Woman's Liberal
League in exposing the A. P. A., and
added: . '
'•By them was the defense of religious
liberty begun, and to themis due a large
share of the glorious victory. -And how
they are doing noble work in that last
and most bungling conspiracy— the nfcw
charter." ■ ; ..'• " "
This instrument, he said, had many
good points, and was advocated by many
of the best men in the community. "One
mischievous provision," he continued,
"overbalances every good point in that j
irrstrument. It attempts to interfere !
with the God - given right of the
parent to control the eaijcatipn
of his child. The charter thus discrimi
nates. Graduates in other schools tban
those of California are prevented from
earning a living in this Stalein the ran ks
of the teacher? in our public schools."
After declaring tnat this provision was
unconstitutional he said the best method
to remedy the wrong contemplated was to
defeat the charter. Then taking a new
theme he said :
"Three years ago we stood face to lace
With a formidable foe arrayed against
the constitution and the church. \% c
were dumb with fear and recognized the
danger. 'Let the tempest waste its fury,'
was the sentiment of all. Already it
had emptied the cupboard of the
poor. Already the demoniac fiend
had dared to whisper its suspicion
of God's best and most beloved. Already
it had ventured the insult which no man
can stand. Up against the multitude rose
a great defender— youthful, alone, fresh
from the cloister, but he stood firm and
defiant. We gazed with awe and pity.
He meets the foremost of the leaders
and vanquishes him. Others crush for
ward, but they too are conquered. We
fear for him, but he fights bravely. His
firm blade mightily wielded mows them
down. Confusion spreads among them
and they are routed. [Applause], The
gallant stripling, the watchless warrior,
the consecrated thunderbolt, was Peter C.
Yorke.
"If the day ever comes in this City
when that name ceases to be uppermost
in every heart we shall be recreant and
shall deserve the plague which be
averted."
Before introducing Father Yorfce, Mr.
Barrett stated that next Monday's lecture
by Father Yorke would be "The Great Be
trayal and the A. P. A. Way of Selling a
Gold Mine."
At this juncture Miss Cornelia Stanley
read a series of resolutions adopted at a
recent meeting of the Woman's- Liberal.
League opposing the new charter,.-.princi
pally because of the provision regarding
teachers in the public schools. Th'ie pro
vision, the resolutions declared, was in
serted through the influence of the XP, A.
Father Yorke *poke In substance as fol
lows:
"Ladies and Gentlemen.: In the heat of
.that battle which was so eraphically de-.
'. scribed I was not called so many names as
were applied to. me to-night.
• "Being still afflicted with the prelude
habit, I wisn to call attention to the fact
that the Rev; ' Mr. Fleerior is.* still fleecing
and has not yet ■ answered any of my ques
tions. ©ut|l will take pity on him' and
not ask him any more questions, or tLe
'Baptist Ministerial Council may pass.- a
■ vote of copfidence in him, and" that is
more than any one can stand in these
days. . • \ , ••"
.'"Ntfw the Rev.. Mr. Fleenor has went,
but that little red' patriot. -Major Ti C.
Kyan. has came."
Father Yorke then *cad from a letter
said to -,ha,ve been received from the
secretary of Major William McKinley.
This described Major Ryan as : a
, chronic office-seeker, and went ion
to • say that on the piteous solicitation of
Major Ryan a position had been secured
for him by Major. McKinley in the pen
sion office at 'Columbus, and from which
he bad been dismissed owing to his'in
ability to handle figures correctly. Father
■ Yorke, ajfter- referring to recent attacks
made on the' Republican Presidential
"np^ninee by Ryan, continued as follows:
"Being „ very Inaccurate in his. figures,
Major Ryan had to go, and has been going,
ever -since. And this Is the man who
comes out here, to tell the people they are
being Romanized 1 This man, who "bit the
hand that did him good, is the man who
comes out here to stir up Strife. It' is this
. man, who. cannot even doa little sum in
"arithmetic, who comes out here to teil us
about the education of otir children.
"The. subject of the lecture this evening
is 'The Growth of the Upas Tree,' "
He described the deadly influence of" the
noxious fexha'lations of that tree and con
tinued: "There has arisen in this couh
-1 try a growth thrat has had the 'same effect
on morals and politics that this tree is
said to have on.the vegetable kingdom. I
. mean that growth known as tfie A. P. A.
"It is a gobd thing for us to remember
that the fieht I>etween< bigotry and free
dom is not yet 'over. Borne 'little spark
may remain and some passjng ftf-eezfe may
restore it to life. We cannot afford to
sleep on our arms. The fight is still on
and we cannot rest until we make it cer
tain* tiiat the A. P. A. will be* so well
known that for 'any politician to. touch it
will mean defeat. » • ■
"Every year the farmer has to contend
with a new crop of weeds and every year
' we have to contend with a new crop of
ignorance. The time "was when children
were taught* that a Catholic was
a dangerous person and one to be
most carefully : avoided. But to-day there
- would-appear to De no excuse for this
• bigotry and this ignorance of us -and our
belief. We have not said one word in the
ear that we would not say in the market
place, and there is no excuse for these
misrepresentations of the Catholic faith
*A have - Deen ?° fre( i uentl y made of late.
"Organized bigotry comes into service
whenever there is stagnation or political
agitaiion, and it was during one of these
periods of political stagnation that this
present controversy sprang up.
''We have on bur borders s country
which contains a great many good peo
ple, the dominion of Canada. Unfortu
nately that country has always been
divided by religious strife. This has been
brought here in the track of the Orange
man and the bigot. The leaders of the
A. P. A. are men who have never assim
ilated the principles of the constitution of
the United' State?.
. • "The apostle of the A. P. A. in Cali
fornia was W. J. H. Trainor. He came
out here, went through the State and
then went home and told the barbarians
of the East that the West was uuder the
dominion of the Pope and that Jesuits
occupied every fat ofh'ce.
"Trainor is a Canadian Irishman. God
help us! It's bad enough to liave to
stand Ryan, but it is a terrible thing to
have to bear the reputation of Trainor.
"The Detroit Trainor was a saloon-keeper
in one of the most disreputable portions of
that city. They always rind their level.
After the two houses — of which we had
better not speak — that were on each side
of him had been cleaned out by
the police he closed up his saloon. Then
he became a drummer for a wholesale
liquor house, and afterward published a
paper, which opposed the license ques
tion, against the temperance people.
"It is this man whom the ministers of
this City welcomed and who was the
friend and confrere of J. Q. Ananias Henry
and C. O. Brown. At Detroit he started
the Hotel Reporter and made it the organ
of thieves and others until its publication
was stopped by the police."
In speaking of the Standard, published
by President Hudelson of the American
Protective Association, he said that "last
week it went to its grave unwept, unhon
ored and its editor unhung."
Taylor Rogers, he .-aid, was the man
who started the A. P. A. in this City.
"That man was a fitiing hen to
sit on and incubate such an egg,"
he added; and continued: "The man
who accepts the indorsement of the
A. P. A. is worse than an A. P. A.
We oppose.! Mr. Sutro, and we were
hounded for doing so. The first day he
took his office he appointed Taylor Risers
his secretary, and the first thine Taylor
Rogers rffd'when a few poor women came
to the Mayor's office to beg for some small
pittance of charity— the first thing Taylor
Rogers"did was to ask them what their re
ligion wan."
Thousands and thousands, ho said, had
been inveigled into joining the American
Protective Association, and after attend
ing one meeting and hearing the oath
each member was required to take they
never attended another.
He read what he explained was the A.
P. A. oath. It pledged the members of
the organization, he dec'ared, to proscribe
Catholics politically and commercially.
Then to emphasize his assertion he said:
. "At the last election James Budd and
M. M. Estee were candidates for the Gov
ernorship of- this State. Estee had the
misfortune to Uave a Catholic type
writer. The members of the A. P. A.
dared to go to him and tell him to dis
miss his typewriter or he would be put
undeF the ban. tie was man enough to
tell them to go to Halifax — or some
warn.ier place.
"Befoie the last election some 11,000 men
were induced to sign their roll and then,
thank God. the advisory board sold out
the . 11.000. After the election they
started fighting and have Deen keeping it
nip-ever since.
"Were it not that one of their number
secured an office of patronage, were it noi
th,at Coun-ty Clerk Curry was successful in
that flection, many of the members of the
A. P. A. wouid have had to starve.
"The object of that American Protec
tive Society is proscription on account of
religious belief. While all the newspapers
of this City, know this, there was not a
man among .them brave enough to say a
word agaihst.it. They weie dumb then,
ard they are dumb to-day gazing at its
rotting carcass.
"One of them went out of his way to
help them. Mr. J. P. Young [hisses]
in the San Francisco Chronicle al
lowed the blackguards to dump their
filth into it, as it was, and is, a dump
ing ground, and then refused us
the" chance to shovel the offal from be
fore our door. To J. P. Young belongs
the bad eminence of doing more to foster
and fatten the A. P. A. than any other
single influence. Its swaddling clothes
were the Chronicle and its corpse clothes
may be the Chronicle.
"The other day there was a convention
in this town, of winch the chairman was
T. D. Riordan. When some one in the
-hall shouted that a candidate wa=? an A.
P. A., Mr. Riordan said that that conven
tion knew nothing of the A. P. A. nor did
he. He had better change his name to
Rip Van- Winkle Riordan if he knows
nothing of the politics of this City for the
last two years.
"The nominee of that convention for
Mayor was a Mr. Taylor. As far as I
know about Mr. Taylor, he would not be
guilty of the things charged againstthe
A. P. A. T exefore, to-night I wish to
put a question to him which I think he
should .answer.
"At present among the A. P. A. circles
there is a grave dispute as to which is the
.dog. ;fnd which the 1 taii, and whether the
dog is wagging the tail or the tail is
•wagging tfife dog. I do not intend to settle
the dispute, but this Convention, com
posed of the members of the A. P. A., has
presented forJNlayor' Mr. Taylor. As yet
they have 'not formally notified him. He
has .not accepted their nomination. It is
quite possible that they offered him the
nomination without 'asking by and with
his leave. It is known that they have in
dorsed men in order to beat them.
"If he accepts the nomination of that
certain convention — if he accepts the nom
ination of the .so-called Citizens'
party — be- said he was willing to
accept the .nominations of all
classes of men — I do not think
he knows the class of men with whom
he is dealing. The men who nominated
him are -the men who are at the head of
the A. P. A. I now ask him, in the name
of the citizens here assembled :ind of this
City, if be will accept this indorsement?"
Before the. last election, he said, the
A. P. A. distributed printed circulars giv
inrthe various parties and their candi
dates with their religious belief. Protest
ants were marked -with a star and Catho
lics with a dagger.
"Mr. Taylor must remember," he went
on, "fchat.the men who indorsed him are
pledged to- elect a Legislature that will
pass a law providing that all chil
dren must be sent to the public
schools at least three months every
year, and that will endeavor to restrict
immigration by excluding the Papist,
pauper criminal hordes of Europe. No
man of spirit but will give a pledge to
oppose these bigoted, proscriptive methods
aimed at th- Catholic church. Therefore
ami -pushing Mr. Taylor to the wall."
George W. Elder "and County Clerk
Curry came In for criticism and were
charged with being A. P. A.'s.
Referring to the alleged concessions
made to the A. P. A. by the various con
ventions, he said: "Tney do these things
not because they love the A. P. A., but be
cause the A. P. A. has votes. Let it be
our resolve and the resolve of every
honest man that no party can touch
the A., P. A. and be successful. I am
making no man's fight. I do not care
who is elected to puolic office because I
expect nothing and I will ask nothing. I
have no money to make. I havo no am
bition to subserve. But I have this one
thing tor gam and this one thing to strive
for. and I believe you will strengthen my
hands: that no A. P. A. and no A P A
indorsee shall lord it in office."
The speaker's concluding words were
' Let the object of our endeavors be to
speak for the constitution of the United
States and the commandments of God
They are always on the one side; they are
on the side of justice, liberty and truth "
Loans on watches, jewelry, silverware, ai Uucle
Harris', 16 Uraut avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
REV, DR, RADER
IS TO REMAIN
The Third Church Will
Now Begin Institu
tional Work.
HEADQUARTERS NEEDED
Congregationalists Are to Co-
Operate in Securing a
Local Center.
METHODISTS TO HONOR LUTHER
Reso utions of Respect for the Late
Rev. Mr. M. F. Ccl
burn.
"The Congregationalists are feeling more
and more the urgent need for headquar
ters. It has almost become necessary for
tis to have a business office where we can
find a center."
It was in introducing a motion tending
to the establishment of a permanent head
quarters that Rev. Hyman Hood made
this statement to the Congregational Mon
day Club yesterday. There was a full at
tendance of lay and clerical members pres
ent, and all Mr. Hood's remarks were
heartily indorsed. His motion, which was
carried unanimously, was to invite the
following officers, agents, secretaries and
societies of the Congregational churches
to unite in renting, furnishing and sus
taining of rooms adequate for their several
purnoses and needs: The proprietor and
managing editor of the Pacific, the Con
gregational Club, the superintendent of
the Congregational Missionary Home; the
Rev.J. K. Harrison.the agent of the Ame
rican Board of Commissioners of Foreign
Missions; Rev. W. Freer, superintendent
Congregational Sunday? school and Publish
ing Company; Rev.L. LWirt, the lield sec
retary Congregational Church Building
Society; Rev. H. H. Wikoff ; the Northern
California State Woman's Home Mission
Society, the Woman's Board of the Pacific ;
Mrs. H. E. Jew«"tt, president of the Con
gregational Ministerial Relief Society ;
Rev. George Mooar, president of the Cali
fornia Missions; the Auxiliary American
Missionary Association, Jtlev. J. K. Mc-
Lean.
All the above organizations and people
will be communicated with by the officers
of the Monday Club as early as possible,
and the hope was freely indulged in yes
terJay by the members of the club that
the initiative they are taking will soon
result in the Congregationalists of this
City having permanent headquarters for
the transaction of all business of interest
to their denomination.
The Monday Club was addressed yester
day by Rev. B. F. Sargent on tne theme
"Faithfulness in the Lord's Service and
Its Kmal Reward." Among those present
who discussed the paper were Rev. Philip
Coombe, Professor Baldwin, Rev. Dr.
Wood, Rev. Dr. McLean, Rev. Dr. Chap
man, Professor Ford, Pastor .Birch and
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper. A short address
was given by Rev. Dr. Temple of Seattle,
who was present as a visitor.
R»»v. William Rader will to-day cele
brate the first anniversary of his anpoint
ment to the pastorate of the Third Congre
gational Church. His congregation, at
the annual meeting, el d him per
manent pastor of thechurcn, and to-night
a reception will be tendered him by his
parishioners in honor of the event. Now
that Rev. William Rader Is thoroughly
identified with the work of the Third Con
gregational Church, he intends to branch
out further on institutional lines. Classes
for study in connection with the church
are being organized. Two German classes
have already been formed and there will
soon be a class of Christian Endeavorers
engaged in Biblical study.
Methodist Preacher*.
Rev. Dr. Soper, who has been a mission
ary for many years in Japan, gave an
address to the Methodist Ministers' Club
yesterday on life in Japan. The death of
Rev. Dr. Colburn was discussed and the
following resolutions were unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, The Rev. Marcus F. Colburn, the
highly esteemed pastor of Grßce Methodist
Episcopal Church of this City, has been sud
denly calle 1 from the labors of his mfulstry to
his eternal crown of rejoicing; therefore
Hesolred, That we record our deep sense of
lost* in the death of Brother Colburn and rec
ognize in him a true Christian brotner and
hold him in the highest esteem as a pure
minded nnd heroic worker and that we will
ever hold him in most precious memory.
red. That our sympathy is hereby ex
tended to the members of Grace Church in this,
their great loss in the death of their pastor.
Another subject which occupied the at
tention of the Methodist pastors was the
Luther anniversary, which will occur
October 30. It was decided to call on all
the evangelical organizations in the City
to help in making an event of the cele
bration. Dr. Harris, Dr. Dille and Dr.
Case wcTe appointed a committee to con
fer with pastors of other denominations
and help to arrange an inspiring pro
gramme. It is intended to hold the cele
bration in some large church or public
building in the City.
The following officers for the Methodist
Preachers' Club were elected for the com
ing six months: President, Rev. F. T.
Masters, D. D. ; vice-president, Rev. U. F.
Matthews, D.D. ; secretary. Rev. D. W.
Chilson of the Potrero M. E. Church; pro
gramme committee — Rev. S. T. Carroll
D.D.; Rev. G. W. Beatty, Rev. F. K.
Baker.
The announcement is made that Bishop
Newman, the new Methodist Episcopal
Bishop, will address the United Preachers'
meetings at the Young Men's Christian
Association building December 7.
Presbyterian Union.
Rev. O. J. Miller of the Evangelical
Lutheran Church addressed the Presby
terian Ministerial Union yesterday on
"The Ministry of Power." He said that
a minister's sufficiency could come only of
God and drew a vivid picture of the work
that could be accomplished by a conse
crated ministry. "How can we go forth
to preach unless we have the spirit of
God?" asked Mr. Miller, and he added
that a crucified ministry, one baptized
unto sorrows and sufferings, should and
could perform miracles aa the apostles
performed them.
WANT TO REORGANIZE.
Pastors Hennlnar and Birch Will
Preach In a Tent.
Rev. W. G. Henning, a well-known
Congregational pastor of Oakland, and
Rev. William Birch have decided to co
operate in church work. They will open
the Populist tent on Market street next
Sunday for non-sectarian services and will
call it the Church of the New Era. The
inaugural a<ldros9 will be made by Rev.
W. Birch and Rev. J. E. Scott. The latter
gentleman is a well-known Presbyterian
clergyman of this Cily who started a
weekly paper some time aeo on socialistic
lines.
It is stated that s number of influential
people are interested in the Church of the
New Era. It is not intended to have any
organization beyond a president, who will
be elected next Sunday. Pastors Birch
and Henning state that in about a month
they hope to hire a ball on Barbary Coast
and nse it as a branch church of tne New
Era. One feature of the new departure
will be that after service there will be a
parliament for the discussion of topics of
interest to the community. All visitors
will be allowed to speak in the parlia
ment
AT THE CITY THEATERS.
" Shadows of a Great City " Seen
With a New Hero at
the Grand.
Pretty Schoolgirls at the Alcazar.
Frawleys in " The Lost
Paradise."
The company at the Grand was more in
its element last night in "Shadows of a
Great City" than it had been the previous
week in "Mr. Potter of Texas." The play
has plenty of melodramatic situations and
it contains opportunities for scenic display
which are not to be found in the drama
founded on Gunter's book. Melodramatic
scenes and pieces of startling stage
mechanism are the specialty of Manager
Morocco's regime, and last night the audi
ence had its moneys worth of both. The
boat scene, with real water, was a particu
larly good piece of staging.
Frawley's Farewell Week.
At the Columbia last night Blanche Bates
not only made love to Dan.Frawley, the stage
superintenJent of a big factory, but she did it
in such a way that she knocked out the strike
and started the factory .whistles— in other
words set all hands 10 work with a 15 per
cent advance in their wages.
A pretty good night's wont for one girl. It
was in the play called "The Lost Paradise," a
name that seemed to Have lodged on the piece
oy accident. However, the Frawleys chose it
for their farewell week and did very well.
Alcazar Theater.
A good performance of "School" was given
at the Alcazar last night. Robertsonian com-
edy demands above all things refinement, and
the Alcazar stocit company has enough fin
ished players in its ranks to make a play like
"School" bo well.
One of the special features last night was
the presence of a number ot fresh young girls,
who made lhe scenes go with plenty of spirit
and who worried the professor with true
schoolgirl energy.
Tivoll Opera-Home,
"Aida" was given last night at the Tlvoli,
with the star performers in the cast. Mme.
Natali sang the title role, Bcrnice Holmes
played Amneris, Fernando Micbelena was the
Kadamcs, and Maurice de Vries and Abramoff
completed the fine cast. Tne opera is beauti
fully staged and is well worth seeing.
To-night the alternate singers will appear in
"Aida."
At the Chutes.
They have a novely out at the Halght-street
grounds in the form of Delmer, the "Man
Frog," who performs the rather undißnified
but funny act of coming down the chutes on
all toart, jumping on an island flouting in the
lake and going through the most extraordinary
contortions.
At the Orpheum.
The Orpheum bill for this week contains the
Hawaiian National Band and a new vaude
ville vocalist, Miss Annie Suits.
MORE NAMES MENTIONED
Progress of the Citizens' Inde
pendent Convention in
Its Labors.
Candidates Decline and Are Fulled
Down— Others Substituted in
Their Places.
The Citizens' Independent convention
held another of its protracted sessions last
night.
Having swept aside the debris left from
last week's sittings the convention started
in to put the ticket into shape by nomin
ating the following officers:
City and County Attorney, J. R. Aitken;
Justices ot the Peace— J. Kerrigan, G. W. F.
Cook: Police Judges— W. A. S. Nicholson, H.
L. Jonchimsen; Superintendent of Schools, R.
H. Webster; School Directors— Gustav Peter
son, tanner, on Twenty-ninth street; Richard
Penqrally. 519 Arisansas street, employed in
the Union Iron Works.
One of these has been nominated instead
of rf. E. Dutton, who declined.
The same course was taken with the As
semblyman irom the Forty-fourth Dis
trict, where Joseph Martinoni was taken
down and Joseph Marani substituted in
his place.
It is t lie intention of the deiepates to
finish their labors at to-night's sitting and
appoint a connty committee preparatory
to a continuation of the organization as
one of the political elements of the City.
MUNICIPAL TICKET
HAS BEEN RECEIVED,
CbntinHtd from I^rtt Page.
to reserve his decision on the filing of certifi
cates of nomination for municipal candidates
for office in the City and County of San Fran
cisco was delivered to me this forenoon.
The following extract from section 1192 of
the Political Code presents the duties of the
Registrar in reference to filing certificates of
nominations:
"Whenever any certificate of nomination Is
presented for filing to any officer authorized
to file the same, such officer shall forthwith,
upon receipt of the same and before filing, ex
amine the same, and if there is any defect,
omission or reason why the same should
not be filed such officer shall then
and there forthwith designate in writ
ing the defects, omission or -reason
why such certificates cannot be filed, and re
turn the said certificate to the person present
ing the same, with such written designation of
defect, omission or reason for not filing the
same."
It Is evident from this section that the Regis
trar cannot grant the de!ay desired.
The right to filing must be determined by
the political status of the applicant at the time
of presenting his certificate of nomination. The
action of another convention meeting to-night
could not possibly affect the rights of a candi
date of a convention which nominated its
ticket on Saturday night last, bo that no bene
ficial result* can be obtained by delay. Yours
respectfully, W. M. Hinton, Registrar.
At 10 o'clock in the evening Thomns D.
Riordan, J. Alva Watt, Alexander Tru
man and County Clerk Carry called
upon the Registrar in his office, the
Registrar being a very hard working man,
and Mr. Hinton, without any formality,
announced that he had made np his mind
to accept and tile the municipal ticket
nominated by the Auditorium convention
last Saturday night, but that he had taken
the legislative ticket under advisement.
"If the Kelly-Mahoney people bring in
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
their certificates to-morrow they will not
be entitled to file them as the Republican
ticket?" was asked.
"No," replied Mr. riinton, "but they
may file as National Republicans or by
any other name they choose if the law is
complied with. There cannot be two
tickets of the same party name in the field
at the same time."
Republicans were jubilant last night
over the fact of the acceptance of the
ticket of the regular Republican Conven
tion.
They were confident all along that the
Registrar would take this course, because
there was no eetting behind the title of
the County Committee that called the
convention and of the convention itself.
National Repub leans.
The executive and finance committees
of the National Republican League met
last evening at the Pioneer building, Pres
ident Tirey L. Ford in the chair. The fol
lowing resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That this club is organized and
conducted upon National lines and devoted
to the success of the RepuDlican Presidential
Electors in this State. The work undertaken
by the club is entirely with the laboring class
of this City.
The finance committee was filled and
now consists of Colonel William Mac
donald, Colonel George Stone, Colonel Al
bert E. Castle, Commodore Dan T. Cole,
General S. W. Backus and Colonel T. C.
Masteller.
These gentlemen were authorized to
draft a letter stating that the National
Republican Leagun was allied with no
local faction and was working solely for
the National ticket.
Spanish-American Bally.
The Republican rally at California Hall
last evening under the auspices of the
Spanish-American Republican League was
large and enthusiastic. Thomas B.
O'Brien, the nominee for Congress, re
ceived a warm greeting. He vigorously
denounced Congressman Maguire, and
declared his determination to prosecute
his pursuit of the office for which he was
nominated with tireless energy.
Ohio Headquarters.
The Ohio Republican Club headquarters
are located on the first floor of the Cali
fornia Hotel. The secretary, L. P. Mc-
Carthy, will be pleased to meet any one
from the Buckeye State, from 10 a.m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 3 p. h. and 7 to 8 p. m.,
week days.
H, P, SONNTAG FOR MAYOR
The Mahoney-Kelly Convention
Easily Carried Through Its
Slated Programme.
The Entire Ticket Nominated in One
Short Evenirg Under the Baton
of Twin Bosses.
The Mahoney- Kelly convention con
cluded its labors last evening in B'nai
B'rith Hall. There was no bitch in the pro
gramme until the end, when an ill-advised
delegate moved for an adjournment sine
die, causing Mahoney to raise his voice for
the first time during the evening, crying
out:
"Sine die, never! Adjourn to the call
of the chair."
The amendment was carried.
In the regular order of business came up
the question of reconsidering the nomina
tion of Babcock for Superintendent of
Schools, but instead of taking this up, on
motion 01 Kowalsky that part of the order
of business was laid over.
Nominations for School Directors were
made as follows:
Charles H. Ilawley, John T. Redmond, D S.
Burnett, Dr. C. T. Deane, Dr. E. H. Lake, An
drew McElroy, Marc Anthony, Thomas R.
Knox, Charles Dillon. J. F. Clark, A. H. Kay
ton, Lincoln Sonntag, Phil Hammond and Dr
H. L. Curtis.
Chairman Sonntag appointed the follow
ing committee to consider the names of
the candidates: Messrs. H. L Kowalsky,
Ruef, Keefe, Brown. Mahoney, Coffey and
Reed. It took them but a few moments
to report as follows:
Thomas R. Knox, stenographer, and Marc
Anthony, attorney, for the unexpired term;
J. C. Burnett, electrician; J. F. Clark, me
chanic; Dr. H. L. Curtis, physician; Charles
M. Dillon, engineer; Dr. C. F. Deane, physi
cian; Charles A. Hawley, bookkeeper; A.
Harold Kay ton, musician; Dr. E. H. Lake,
physician ; Andrew McElroy, contractor; John
T. Redmond, accountant; Lincoln Sonntag,
merchant.
Attorney Rnef of the committee on plat
forms and resolutions reported back favor
ably oit the resolutions antagonistic to
the importation of convict-labor-made
goods. In regard to the resolution re
garding the establishing of "poor farms"
and that pledging the candidates for Su
pervisors to sustain a reduction of 25 per
cent in the gas rates, an adverse report
was made.
Nominations for the office of Police
Judge was next programmed.
Secretary Morgenstorn placed in nomi
nation CuarJes H. Forbes, M. H. Wascer
witz nominated Judge James A. Camp
bell, E. B. Reed nominated Judge Joa
chimsen, Attorney Ruef nominated Judge
Charles A. Low.
Charles B. Stone was the only candi
date presented for Superintendent of
Schools, he being placed in nomination
by J. J. West. Colonel Kowalsky with
drew the name of Babcock, who was
tendered the nomination last week, and
Stone was nominated by acclamation.
The following were nominated for Jus
tice of the Peace: £. E. Cardell, G. E.
(iroezinger, A. T. Barnett and James E.
Barry.
The nominations for Supervisors moved
along smoothly until the Ninth Ward was
reached, when two name?, G. E. Pierce
and John E. McDougall, were presented,
the latter securing the plum.
There were four nominees for the Tenth
Ward: Charles J. Yaeger, M. J. Mcßride,
M. W. Coffey and Joseph Gaillard. The
latter carried the day.
Following is the order in which the
names were presented:
First Ward— Captain John Hays.
Second Ward— lion. Jeremiah Brower.
Third Ward— Sergeant S. Morton.
Fourth Ward — Dr. W. C. Eidenmuller.
Fifth Ward — Simon Seymour.
Sixth Ward— W. E. Lane.
Seventh Ward— Dr. Peter A. Kearney.
Eighth Ward— Frank P. Worth.
Ninth Ward— G. E. Pierce and John E. Me-
Dougall.
Tenth Ward— Charles J. Yaeger, M. J. Mo-
Bride, M. W. Coffey and Joseph Gaillard.
Eleventh Ward— B. F. Baumolster.
Twelfth Ward— H.arry A. Williams.
The convention then took up the
nomination for Mayor, Attorney Ruef
presenting the name of H. P. Sonntag.
There were no other names before the
house and the convention's chairman
bowed his thanks.
Uenry Martin was nominated for the
unezpired term of Treasurer.
Ruef caused a resolution to be passed
nominating James W. Burling for Sheriff,
W. S. Barnes for District Attorney, W. J.
Hawkins for Coroner, Max Brooks for Re
corder. Dave Almon for County Clerfc and
L. B. Lippert for Public Administrator in
the event of the Supreme Court reversing
the decision in the case of Kane vs. the
Board of Election Commissioners.
Struck With a >cantllng.
Charles Wilbar, a man without any occupa
tion, nad a dispute last evening at the foot of
Sixth street with George Marsh, a sailor.
Marsh struck him two or three times with a
scantling, iracturing two of his ribs and c aus
infr internal injuries Wilbar was taken to the
Receiving Hospital.
: iraiw to-pat.
A Wonderful Medicine
for Billons and Nervous dlsorders.such as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals. Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ol
Heat, Loss ol Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Oca-
tlveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, &c, when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every sufferer is
earnestly Invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they -will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH AX'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work woo.
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite, end arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one of
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Beecliani's Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine
In the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U.S.
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., Ni,w
York, post paid, upon receipt ot price. Book
free upon application.
IF SICK,
Why Not Get
Cured?
DOCTOUWEANY.
He Has Cured People
All Around You.
READ THIS LETTER.
San Francisco, Cal., . • ' •
September 25, 1896.-
I, Mrs. Agnes Feely, living at
Silver Heights, San Francisco,
desire to say that I brought my
child, Agnes, aged 12 years, to
the office of Dr. F. L. Sweany,
737 Market street, S. F., she
being afflicted with a malady of
the right eye. I had previously
taken her to our family doctor,
who said he was at a -loss to say
what the precise trouble was, or
how to remedy it. Doctor
Sweany at once stated my
child's case to be one of kera-
titis. My child was totally blind
in that eye at the first visit,
September 18, 1896. Now, on
September 25, she can see per-
fectly out of the eye. I heartily,
appreciate the rapid cure of this
serious eye affection, a great
matter for a child anxious to
pursue school studies, and I
have offered to testify this much
on behalf 'of kindness and skill
so effectively rendered by Dr.
Sweany.
MRS. AGGIE FEELY,
Silver Heights, City. •
Thousands of similar -genuine
and unsolicited testimonials on
file at Dr. Sweany 's private of-
fice. NOTIEC— No names or
testimonials will be . published
without request from patient.
All dealings and correspondence
strictly confidential. Any suf-
ferer in doubt should see some
of these people or some of Dr.
S.s private testimonials at his
office. He has the best testi-
monials on earth of cures of all
diseases,. especially of Lost Man-
hood and Nervous Debility.
You can be convinced.
FIR FT QUfPIUV 737 Market it.
Ull. I. L. UnLHill, San Francisco, GaU
Weak Men and Women
Siii UI. ) U*K DAMIAXA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
Strength to the .Sexual Organs. ■
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIP. ATTOHNEY-AT-
\J Law and Notary P&bllc, 638 Market »•., opp->
site Palace Hote'. Telephone 570. Residence 1020
Fell street. Telephone •' Pine " 2591.
FOR m JOSE, LOS GATOS& SANTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAIL7
Oat 10 am. (Sundays excepted); Alvlso daily at
6p. ic. (Saturdays excepte<l). Freight and Pas-
senger. Faite between San Francisco and Alvlso,
50c; to San Jose, 75c. Clay at. Pier 1. 20 W.
faanta Clara st., 6an Jose.
NEW TO-DAY.
( ' *
*AT AUCTION
THIS DAY. "
TUESDAY .'..SEPTEMBER 29. 1898,
At 12 o'clock noon.
AT OUR SALESROOMS MARKET ST.
BUSINESS PROPER I'Y, F TIH AND
* SHIPLEY STKEBTS. *
Southwest corner of Fifth and Shipley street!.
l ront ; building on Fifth street, store and 6 rooms:
rear building on Shipley street, 2 French flats: fall
rents $sb; streets in bituminous rock and cement
walk on Fitth street; Flft -street cars and Market*
street, line: corner lot, 25x75. . .
FELL ST.— 13IPKOVBD PROPERTY.
North line (Xos. 408 and 408%) of FeU street
82:6 west of Octavia.
Improvements— 2 flats of 7 and 5 rooms and
oath; also on Linden avenue, front, 4 flats of a
rooms each; mil income $53; Fell street and wallc
oitumlnlzed; Linden avenue in basalt block!
Hayes -street car,ie; large lot, 25x120 leet, through,
to Linden avenue.
MISSION HEIGHTS-COTTAGE. *
West line (So. 164) of Clara avenue, 168 feet
north of kighteenth street, near Douglass.
. n^ ret i^ cot i a e of 5 roojns and bath; street
sewered, eraded and macadamized; cement wale
d oJ°?Q f 59 clni ' !: iClKtUeenth-aireet electric-carat
lot jo a 100 feet.
RICHMOND CORNER.
.Northeast corner of California street and Twen-
tieth avenue. • • « •«-
A large, fine business corner with small building
containing store and 4 rooms; Sutro Electric and
California-street cars; large corner lot, 29x120 feet.
TWO MISSION COTTAGES.
Southeast line of Arlington street, 413 feet south*
west of Koanoke, 379 and 381 Arlington street.
1 vzo pretty bay-window cottage* of 4 rooms and
bath; in fine condition; but one minute's wallc
from ban Francisco and San M a; eo electric road:
rents $10 each; will be sola singly; lots 25x95
BADEN CORNER LOT.
Near Baden station, on the a P. R. R., and on
the . main county road, San Francisco and San
Jose; also within a few feet of tile electric-road
terminal.
This is a large and choice triangular business
corner; would pay to build a roadhouse on If
travel is very large passing "same; examine it;
must be sold; corner triangular lot, 142x162x89
feet. * ■ .
LARGE MISSION KESIDENCE LOT.
North line of Twenty-second street. 152:9 feet
east of Sanchez; Mission and Twenty-fourth areas
electric; large building lot, 50:11x114.
. SOUTHSIDE— LOT. t
East line of Eleventh avenue, 100 feet north ot
J street ; dou lot near Golden Gate Park ; H-street
dummy and Metropolitan electric; lot 50x120 feet.
FOR ACCOUNT WHOM IT 31 AY CON-
CERN. • •
North line of Greenwich street, 80 feet west ot
Bra.;ericlc: a large, tine residence lot, all ready for
building; Union-street cable; large lot, 51x8Uand
90 feet. c i „ «. .
\Atao..t...
Northwest corner of Rhode Island and Yoio
streets; lot all ready for building; streets bltumln-
ized and sewered; Potrero-a venue road; lot 50x73
feet.  * .
...... ALSO '
An undivided one-half Interest in about 13 acres
planted in orange trees 4 years Old, located in the
thriving town of Thermalito, near Orovilie, Bntte
County. • . . • < » ,* k
JBS~ The above three propertlesr are sol* for ao"
count whom it may concern, for cash, subject to
continuation. , • * - *
E ASTON. * ELDRIDGE & CO., ** *
638 Markwt st. ; * Auctioneer*.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC GOAST_STEAJISIIIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE' BROADWAY jfa&L.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: •g^ttf'g;
For Marr Island, Coring, Wrangel, Juneau Kil-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Oct. 11 26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New WL-atcom (Bellinzham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. ic
Ocr. 1,6.11, 16, 21, 26, 31, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P R.
R., at Tacoma with X. P. R. R., at Seattle with a.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar), str. Pomona '£ p. m., Oct. 4 8 12 16,
20. 24, *8, anaevery fourth day thereafter. • -
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis obispo), Gavioia, "santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, Man Pedro, East San.
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport; at 9 a m
Oct. 2/6, 10, 14, 18. 22, 26, 30, and every fourth,
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanonl
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Lo« An-
geles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M. Oct. 4, 8, 12 f 18, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San JO3e del Cabo. MazatUn, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.
The Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
.New Montgomery street. i
GOOD ALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN 3D
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
F4T?TTM fBl2 1 ' lrat - cla » 8 \ Including
■AXV-EJlatj Second-class berth A xneala
* SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 15
State of California — Sept. 20, 30, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Kates and folders upon appica-
tlon to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
OOODALU PKRKrv.S* CO. Snp"rlnt«-nd«»n><
OCEANIC S.S- ICor~_fY~ days tc
HAWAII, SAMOA, L* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, B§ mr
AUSTRALIA. * \J S.S. -AUSTRALIA.
S.* S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU an*
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday. October
15. »t2 p. it. '
& S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tue*.
day. October 20. at 10 a.m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLOARDIK, Aust., and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
1. D. SPRECKELB A BROS. CO.. Agents,
* 114 Montgomery street*
Freight Office, 327 Market st.. Han Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GESERAL TRIxTSATLUTIQDK
French Line to Havre. *
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NOSTH AM
\J Hiver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -ntCS^
this line avoid both transit by English railway and.
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat New York 10 Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
iirst-class $160; second-class, $11&
LA BRETAGNE.. .t....0ct. S, 7 A. St.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 10, 3 a. it.
LATOURAINE Oct. 17. 6 A, it.
LA BOURGOGNE Oct. 24.1 p. jc
LA GASCOGNE Oct. 31,8 a. X.
jar For further particulars apply to
• A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New YorS. .
j. F. FUGazi & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery '
avenue, San Francisco, ■
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
At- 6 I*. 31. Daily. Freight received up
to »:3t> I*. M.?
. 43" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
lhe only line making through rates on Valley
Road freight. gTKAMERS:
T. C. Walker, ( J. D. Peters*
Mary Oarratt, • . City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. S&v. and Imp. O»
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET COIPASY.
STEA3IER3 LEAVE ■ ASPINWALL &**-
O fortnightly for the West Indies and *£aSB
Southampton, calling en route .at Ccrbour£h«
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with ths
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treaa*
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymoutlv
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thira
dan, 97 50. For' further particulars apply f
PABROTT«<fc CO., Agents,
\,-i5rV SOS California st.
white JSTAR urn.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
' ' ' ■ BETWIIS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVEKI' WJiKK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jgp&t
\J ing to steamer and accommodations dnB&SB
selected; second cabin, if - >o and s-1 . 0; Malesiio
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets f»om England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark;
through to Sau Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing - dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at ma
General office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
■ General Agent for Pad tic Coast.
81V FRUCISCO TO VALLEJO
AND MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD.
STKAMER "MOMICELLO."
Mission-stree- Pier 2. Telephone 261 Black.
Leaves San Francisco Daily 10:30 a. ic
Leaves Vallejo Daily .:....... .;..... .....4:00 p. H.
• Sundays included.
Gives four hours at Navy Yard.
£ATCH BBOIS^
56
° TUESDAY BKTTEMBKB 29.1896
CHARLES M. SHOKIkIOUE,
Editor and Proprietor.
* SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Po«taj« Free:
Dally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier. .$0.16
. Sally and Sunday Call, on« year, by ma 11 . .. 6.00
» Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
c Dally and (Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally *ndVunday Call, one month, by mall.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
VkKKLv Call, one year, by mall l.fto
° , " .*. THE SUMMER S MONTHS.
• * Are yon, polii* to the country on a vacation ? If '
■•, It la no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
° your addre»». Do not let It miss yon for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business 'C-fflre will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
"*•. ° BUSINESS OFFICE:
° " 7 10 Market Street, " .
" " ' San Francisco, California*.
Telephone ..,.. v ... .Maln-1868
° EDITORIAL ROOMS I
° • " 517 Clay Street. 5
Telephone...... -«~« » Matn-1874
• BRANCH OFFICES
887 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
• ?30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street : .open until 9:80 o'clock.
71 3 Larltin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
o feW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
nntll 9 o'clock.
* 2618 Mission street ; open nnttl 9 o'clock.
. o lie Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
. . • / . OAKLAND OFPICB:
• .'. '" 9V& Broadway. •
;." EASTERN OFFICE:
. Rooms Sl' and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
tHE CALL PEAKS FOR ALL.
Patriotism, Protection
and Prosperity.
FOB PKESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Obio
r<TR VICF-PKKSII>KNT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
Election November 3, 1&96.
City politics claim attention.
Don't fail to work for organised Republ
icanism. .
Pa-rty loyalty will soon settle the ques
tion of party harmony.
. Straight men are for straight politics
, and. a straight municipal administration.
The record of Charles L. Taylor as a
Supervisor is a guarantee what be will b =
as a Mayor.
Every one knows where Rainey is ana
where "Buckley rs, but what has become
of s the Junta? ; '- «. , "■
'• Bryan says all the poets are tor free
silver, but he neglected to add how many
. votes they have. *' •. \ '."
' '■ If the Examiner intends to stand in with
Martin Kelly it should at Least retract the
cruel words of former years. * * : - ...*..*
Were Democratic advice to be taken by
Republicans there would be no organized
. Republicanism in the State. \
• : . Work for the regular Republican ticket,
• preserve the party organization, and give
•Sen Francisco a good government.
o The State Central Committee can hardly
do otherwise than support' the party or
ganization. What else was it selected for?
o ' To the demoralized Democrat the Non
'' Partisan movement is as welcome as the
, sight of a green granger to a bunko man.
". The Non-Partisans may justly declare
. they -belong to nd party f but are they sure
they do not belong to a .clique or perhaps
.a' gang? / " f. '
*•, The reason why the tariff is the chief
issue of* the campaign Is because Demo
cratic hard, times have forced it to the
front ami kept it there.
Will iXuckley or Rainey or Hearst kindly
notify 'the public how their factions of the
Democratic* party stand on the election of
Cator .to tjne t'nited States Senate?" .
. Democratic demoralization ' has made
the prospects of the camp so hopeless that
i the' great fake ' journal has decided to
;• abandon it and seek more profitable fields.
..With Buckley, Rainey and Willie Hearst
lighting a triangular duel, it is not strange
that the Average Democrat shows a will
ingness to get out of his party and' seek
peace in 'the Populist camp.
It was the intention of the Democratic
. monkeys to ma*ke the Populist pat pull the
chestnuts out of. the fire for them, but the
monkeys have fallen to fighting and the
■'cat has got away with the spoils.
Democracy being divided and the Non-
Partisan and the Kelly tickets being sup
ported by the Examiner as twin fakes,
there is a sure victory in sight for the Re
publican ticket. Let us work for it and
we will have it. •
Party government is the only possible
government in this country. We can see
from the present Democratic administra
tion-what happens when we intrust the
goyernmont to a set of factions that can
not att together. *• .
McKinley's speeches show that his most
earnest thoughts are to the wel
fare oi workingmen, but Bryan's reveal
only a desire to involve labor in a conflict
with capital in order -that he may be
electei to the Presidency.
The regular Republican ticket can carry
San Francisco by the aid of independent
votes despite the soreheads, but if another
Republican ticket should be put up in a
vain attempt to conciliate the bolters, the
outlook would be almost hopeless.
. .» •
In a recent interview Mr. Hanna said:
*"I do .not believe there were eve* so many
people engaged in electing a President as
there are in the present Republican cam
paign. Thousands of men who never be
lore have turned their hands over for
politics are out taking polls or distribut
ing literature." This shows how clearly
the people understand the issues of the
campaign. They know that prosperity is
at ;- take and are working for it with might
and main. '
The cotton export trade, which practi
cally begins with September, has been
something extraordinary this year, over
* 127,000 bales having been shipped from
New York up to September 17, as compared
with 31.000 bales for the corresponding
period last season. The New York papers
MM nt a loss to account for the activity,
but'it may bo due to the English demand
for raw cotton to manufacture goods for
tho. American, market before McKinley
can got into office. 9R9Bf
REGULAR REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Registrar Ilinton yesterday officially
recognized the ticket put forth by the Au
ditorium convention as the Regular Re
publican tickot, and entitled as such to a
place upon tbe official ballot.
This act of an honest and impartial offi
cer, takentafter full deliberation, and done
in accordance with the duty imposed
upon him by the Australian ballot law,
should set at rest now and hereafter the
question as to which is the Regular Re
publican, party of the City of San Fran
cisco, and should bring every loyal Re
publican to the support of its official
ticket.
The action of Registrar Uinton should
aiso put an end to the factional conten
tions of the local campaign. There is
only jt month remaining before election
day, and not another hour of it ought to
be. spent in wrangling. The time for
effective and united effort for pnrty suo
cess is all too brief for further dissensions.
Not only should no new elements of dis
cord be introduced but every old difficulty
should be at once eliminated and the
common banner of Republicanism be
lifted by all who honestly desire a Re
publican local and .National victory.
You can make free-silver men see, from the
financial history of rvrry nation that ever
tried it, that whi/e making more money does
inflate prices, it works both ways. It raises
prices for what they have to buy as well an
for what they have to sell, and is apt to raise
the former first and highest. The grocer
raises his figures long before the day laborer
can have his wages advanced ; and the laborer
never really catches up till the inevitable
crctih comes and both tumble together. Cheap
money never did cheapen the necessities of
life; but it cheapens the 7>ien. Look at Mex
ico, and China, and India. — Whitelaw Reid.
THE REPUBLICAN SITUATION IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
When the State Central Committee
comes to consider the affairs of the party
in San Francisco it will lind the party or
ganization opposed by a set of men whose
opposition has been aided by Buckley, by
Rainey and by Willie Hearst. At war
with one another on every other subject
the leaders of all the factions of demoral
ized Democracy are united in a desire to
beat the Republican ticket. Tbe com
mittee will see that the situation calls for
prompt and resolute action. The party
organization must be sustained and all
loyal Republicans must be called to the
support of the Tegular ticket.
It is not worth while to question mo
tives. The .main thing is to understand
actions and see to what results they tend.
It matters little whether the desire of
"Buckley, Rainey and Heurst to beat the
Republican ticket arises from some secret
understanding among them, or is the out
come of "pure cussedness" — the instinc
tive opposition of boodlers to Rood gov
ernment in San Francisco. In either case
it is clear that the hope of good govern
ment rests upon Republican success at
the polls. To that success the State Cen
tral Committee should contribute by every
means in its power. All efforts should be
directed to bring back all wandering Re
publicans to the party fold and to infuse
into the minds of the loyal a more reso
lute determination to maintain the Re
publican organization of the county and
carry it to victory.
The rank and file of the Democratic
party has been completely demoralized by
its faction fights, but the bosses have lost
none of their cunning. Buckley has
managed to get a ticket of his own, Rainey
has a ticket of his own and Hearst is try
ing to play the Non-Partisans as his fake.
All of these ltaders know that as against
a nnited Republican party they have no
chance whatever. It is their plan to have
two Republican tickets in the held and if
possible three. An> T Republican who feels
himself better than the party organization
and favors another ticket will receive their
encouragement.
That is the situation in San Francisco.
It is thoroughly understood by the people.
The plain issue in the election is between
a city government representative of tbe
policies and the ciliz enship of San Fran
cisco Republicans and one which represents
BucKley or Rainey or Kelly or the Willie
Hearst pull, and that pull may have at
tachments to all of the other bosses. The
people of San Francisco desire an admin
istration devoted to the public welfare.
They are aware they can obtain it in this
contest only by the election of the ticket
headed by Charles L. Taylor. It is tntre
fore in the interest of good citizenship as
we:l as good partisanship that the Slate
Central Committee should act lirnily in
supporting the organization of the parly
against bolters and traitors.
Does any loyal Repuolican question
which was the regular Republican County
Convention and which is the regular Re
publican ticket? The regular County
Convention was that presided over by
Tbomas D. Riordau. The regular Repub
lican county ticket is that headed by
Colonel Charles L. Taylor, and officially
recognized as such by Registrar Hinton.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee will not seek to destroy but will en
deavor to preserve party organization.
It will not turn the party over to Boss
Kelly <t Co., with whom and wlm-e
methods this City is too well acquainted.
A depreciation of the currency is always
attended by a loss to the laboring classes.
This portion of the community have neither
time nor opportunity to watch the ebbs and
flows of the money market. Engaged from
day to day in their usefut toih, they do not
perceive thai, although their wages are Jiomi
nally the same, or even someuhnt higher,
they are greatly reduced, in fact, by the
rapid increase of currency, which, as it ap
pears to make money abound, they are at
first inclined to consider a blessing. — Andrew
• Jackson.
THE REASON WHY.
The reason why the candidacy of Mr.
Bryan is losing in public favor is because
the more he analyzes his theories tbe
more satisfied the people are that there
would be risk to the interests of tbe coun
try in giving practical application to
them.- The people want better and
stronger conditions than they have had
the last thre« years, and Mr. Brvan has
thus far failed to show wherein his policy
would strengthen the channels of busi
ness.
If tbe people could be convinced that
free and unlimited coinage of silver, inde
pendent of other commercial nations,
would advance and maintain the bullion
price of the white metal to its coinage
value, no doubt tho vote for it would in
clude all business interests; but neither
Mr. Bryan nor one of his supporters has
presented a single reason why such would
obtain. The logic of the law of commodity
interchange and tbe experience of com
merce are that no such results would fol
low; and as no free-silver advocate bus
suggested a reasonable plan for the Na
tion to enter upon a double standard of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
money Independent of those with whom
we have financial operations, the people
are concluding that it would not be wise
to apply Mr. Brvan's crude and uncertain
theories. "Let us try the experiment,"
is what Mr. Bryan says, and because he
will not say why he should be permitted
to experiment with the business concerns
of the Nation the people are turning away
from him.
If Mr. Bryan could convince the people
that no business disturbance would follow
his election tho people would at least
listen to him with patience, but be says
himself that a business panic would come
as the result of introducing his theories
in the conduct of the Government, and
although he says good times would come
after awhile there is an element of chauco
in his purpose which the people do not
care to court.
Mr. Bryan has failed to satisfy the peo
ple that a nearer approach to free trade
would cause the industries of the country
to open to labor employment. They
know that the degree of free trade which
the Wilson-Gorman acts affords has seri
ously injured all the fields of labor, ana
Mr. Bryan does not explain how a still
ereater decree is going to protect this
country against hurtful foreign competi
tion. In short, Mr. Bryan has failed to
give a sinele rea«on why the people
should depart from the ways which have
made the Nation rich and powerful and
adopt his untried and at best uncertain
Policy, and naturally, therefore, the peo
ple wouhl turn away from him. Mr.
Bryan ha 9 failed to give a single reason
why any one should vote for him.
To pay the National debt in silver; to pay
private debts in silver; to nullify and declare
invalid any contract, however freely and
honest hf entered into, for paying gold, and to
turn 53 cents' worth of silver into a dollar at
our mints as often and as long as any silver*
mine owner at home or any silver-burdened
Chinaman or Hindoo from Asia chooses to
bring it to us; the effect of all thi* is simple
robbery. To ask intelligent and honest men
to vote for it is to insult them, as we'l as to
declare that the American people have the
right to overrtcle Mount Sinai at the polls,
and reverse the moral law if they want to. —
Whitelaw licvl.
CHAIRMAN M'LAUGHLIN.
In all the controversy over the selection
of the Republican ticket in this County it
is worth noting that no complaint lias
been madu on either side of the manage
ment of the campaign by Major McLaugh
lin.
He has. shown an earnest desire to pro
mole harmony in the ranks of the party,
and has been wisely impartial. The ad
vice given by him last week, that both
county conventions should postpone nom
inations until yesterday, was undoubtedly
intended in the interest of tbe general wel
fare, and if the regular convention, pre
sided over by the Hon. Thomas D. Riordan,
did not follow the counsel it was from no
lack of appreciation of the motives which
prompted it.
Tbe advice of Major McLaughlin was
not strictly followed because after full
consideration it was seen nothing could be
gained by delay. Had the Auditorium
convention postponed its nominations
the result would not have been
different from what has taken
place. That convention represented
the organized Republicans of San Fran
] cisco. It could do nothing else than
I maintain faithfully the rules of tlie party.
It named a full ticket at once, as in dnty
bound, but renders to-day full and loyal
support to Major McLaughlin in his work
of carrying on the State campaign.
Aside from the financial delusions of the
Chicago platform, its other features are
almost equally objectionable. It proposes to
repudiate in great part the National debt, to
the distress of thousands, whose small re
sources are intrxuted to the faith of the
Nation, and to the dishonor of our country
in the eyef of the world; to destroy the pro
tection tee enjoy under the Supreme Court of
the United States, the most honored, and in
the last resort the most necessary, institution
we have; to restrain the arm of the National
Executive from the repression oj lawless vio
lence, and even from the preservation of the
very agencies of the Government itself; to
violate the obligation and sanctity of existing
contracts and to restrict the freedom of private
contracts in the future. It seeks, in short, to
break rfwn the dikes tehich the constitution
and the law of the land have with long and
laborious assiduity raised for the defense of
the common interests and welfare, and to let
in upon us the seething and polluted flood of
cnvimunism, mob law, bankruptcy, repudia
tion and anarchy, which is the chief object of
all civilized govrrnments to exclude.— Edward
J. Phetps, ex-Minialer to England.
T. V. CATOR, ECONOMIST.
The Pooocrats of California should get
together and agree upon a confession of
faith. They are not agreed as to how free
coinage independent of other nations
would shower blessings upon the people
of tuis country. Take the opinion of
T. V, Cator. for instance. He said in his
Metropolitan Hall speech the other night
if foreigners tried to dump their silver
into this country "they would bare to
take it to the mint and have it coined
into American dollars— dollars of no use
abroad and which they would have to
spend in this country." That is it exactly.
Mr. Cator is commendably honest and
frank. That is just wnat foreign owners
of silver would do with it, but does not
Mr. Cator himself warn our people to pre
vent foreieners doing that very thing?
Not directly, to be sure, but that is the
losic of his reasoning.
Mr. Cator admits that such silver dol
lars would be of no use abroad, aud that
they would have to be spent in this coun
try. The meaning of Mr. Cator s philoso
phy is that foreign silver coming to this
country for coinage would have to be
spent in this country when converted into
dollars, because such dollars would nave
a value of only half their stamped value
in other countries. Therefore, when such
dollars were invested in American wheat
at say $1 a bushel, would not the wheat
stand at a cost of 50 cents a bushel when
it reached Liverpool? .
Mr. Cator says silver dollars coined in
America independent of the monetary
systems of otner countries would be of no
use in other countries as dollars, but, of
course.they would have a bullion value.and
Mr. Cator is exactly right, but why should
this country oblige our people to accept a
thing for 100 cents for their produce when
the purchaser of the produce pays only 50
cents for the thing? Mr. Cator also ad
mits, by inference at least, that after we
have accepted these dollars as being tbe
equivalent of 100 cents we would have to
pay them out as the equivalent of only 60
cents in transactions with foreign peoples.
Would that be a good thing for us?
But Mr. Cator says such an arrangement
would increase the circulation of such dol
lays in this country, which is undoubtedly
true, but according to his own show-
Ing not one of them would be
accepted for more that 50 cents in the
payment for coffee and other articles of
consumption wnich we have to go abroad
for. Under such a financial system would
we not .have to pay twice the foreign mar
ket quotation if we paid in American sil
ver dollars? The logic of Mr. Ca tor's ar
gument is that we would. Then if a thing
that is worth 50 cents in Europe can be
brought over here, stamped and exchanged
for what is worth 100 cents in Europe,
who is profited?' Certainly not the one
who accepts 50 cents as the equivalent of
100 cents. _ _^__^_^__
Th* proposition for free and unlimited
silver coinage, carried to its logical conclusion
— and but one m possible— means as before
intimated, legislative warrant for the repudi
ation of all existing indebtedness, public and
private, to the extent of nearly 60 per cent of
the face of such indebtedness. It demands
an unlimited volume of fiat currency, irre
deemable, and therefore without any standard
value in the markets of the world. , Every
consideration of the public interest and pub
lic honor demands that this proposition should
be rejected by the American people.— Garret
A. llobart.
WORKINGMEN INSULTED.
It is unfortunate for the good name of
the people of the United States that a
great political party should have selected
a man as its candidate for the Presidency
whose sense of honor is so pliable as is
Mr. Bryan's. The man does not hesitate
to advise the employment of the most
disreputable method?, nor is be at all
backward in commending his nefarious
schemes to others. In addressing a crowd
the other day he noticed that quite a large
number of worfcingmen were wearing
the McKinley button. He immediately
jumped to the conclusion that as a matter
of course they had been coerced into wear
ing it by their employers, and in order to
show Ins deep interest In their welfare he
volunteered a bit of advice which ought to
insure him the contempt of every honest
workingman in the country.
In the most confidential manner he told
the wearers of the McKinley button that
they should not do anything to endanger
their jobs; that they should keep right on
parading the McKinley button; that they
should contribute their campaign fund to
the McKinley collectors, and to deport
themselves as zealous supporters of the
Republican candidate, but on election day
they should secretly use a pencil and
scratch the McKinley elector-. He told
them that it was all right to be Republi
cans and shout for McKinley every day of
the campaign, but on election day they
should quietly slip a Bryan ticket into the
ballot-box.
Aside from Mr. Bryan's purpose what
do working people generally think of
a man who holds their class to be persons
wholly devoid of honesty? He seems to
think it nothing for a wage-earner to live
a shameless falsehood. He does not re
gard workingmen as persons who would
be loyal to tbe principles of any outward
or public declaration if it suited their pur
pose better to play the hypocrite. Play
the hypocrite openly 36t days in the year,
but on the 365 th day secretly sneak in a
vote that contradicts everything that had
been said daring the year. That is the
code of ethics Mr. Bryan thinks is the kind
for workingmen to adopt for their rule of
conduct.
The following is the full text of what
Mr. Bryan said to the wage-earners who
wore McKinley buttons on the occasion
referred to: "I will not ask him to do any
thing that will endanger that position (of
employment). Let him wear the opposi
tion button if he will. Let him enroll bis
name on their club list. Let him con
tribute to their campaign fund if he will
it, but let him remember there is one day
in the year when he is his own master and
can use a pencil as he pleases. lam will
ing for you to be Republicans. Xam will
ing for you to be Republicans every other
day in the year if you will ju*t be Demo
crats on election day."
MINE ENEMY.
Tireless enemy have I
Who, with arch insistency,
MaKeth without sign of ceaso
Keen attacks upon my peace.
Bad my plight, who never know
If by night or day my foe
Will, with bis strategic art,
Storm the ramparts of my heart.
Through delay and dearth and doubt
I have kept the foemaa oat:
Dot I fear the fort must fall,
And bis banner top the wall.
And I pine in long duress—
If no friend heed my distress
Who will come and cause to flee
Love, that Is my enemy — Century.
A HANDSOME CAPE.
Of all toe different length capes of this sea
son tbe one shown here is the most popular for
dressy capes. It is cat circular, thus avoiding
seams and making a delightful model for the
home dressmaker. Of course if narrow goods
such as satin is used a seam in the center back
is necessary. The goods and lining may be
laid ff.ee to face, stitched around the bottom,
and the fronts in a seam turned right side out
and pressed. An interlining of flannel v of
one of the many fiber interliuing9 may be
stitched in if the extra warmth is wished.
Ruffles oi black lace adorn the cape of black
satin shown here. It meets in front, but is
tnrowo back in the illustration to show the
waist.
Collars of net or chiffon heavily spangled
make a dressy garment over black satin.
These make a eood trimming where ills neces
sary to save labor, for they may be had in end
less variety of designs and prices. A wide
ribbon gathered through the center makes a
fashionable finish for the neck, but it must be
very full, at least two and a halt yards being
needed for the rnche alone, with one and a
hail to two yards for a bow if one is desired.
VOTE FOR KcKINLEY.
New York Bun.
John M. Palmer is the youngest man who ever
endured 80 years of active life.— Clica Observer.
True, Indeed, Palmer Is a miracle of indus
try, strength and vitality. The history of a
well-spent and happy career is visible in every
motion of his green old age.
But why aay "endured"? He has not en
dured it; he has enjoyed it all. As we have
seen him at the head of bis division, or his
army corps, at the opening or in the deciding
crises of mighty battles, there was nothing
about him of the patience and Inertia which
form the characteristic of endurance. All was
eagerness, force, concentration, readiness and
"That stern joy which heroes feel.
At foemen worthy of their steel."
Three cheers for Palmer and Buckner, he
roes, soldiers, statesmen, Democrats!
And then make certain i>e downfall of repu
diation and anarchy by going and voting for
Major McKinley, likewise a soldier without
fear and without reproach.
PERSONAL
Colonel J. T. Rlsbey of Redlands is here.
H. C. Woodrow of Salt Lake is in the City.
J. H. Tibbits of South Africa has arrived
here.
Senator & N. Androus of Pasadena is at the
Grand.
J. W. Langdon of Walla Walla, Wash., is at
the Palace.
Dr. G. C, Simmons of Sacramento is here on
a short visit.
, Superior Judge J. W. Davis of Tulare County
is in the City.
O. A. Lowe, a business man of Woodland, is
on a visit here.
A. C. Ellis, a business man of Salt Lake, Is at
the Occidental.
Dr. G. C. Porter of Hollister is among yester
day's arrivals here.
J. c. Wolfskin, the extensive rancher of
Suisun, Is in the City.
W. E. Rogers, owner of a large mine at
Amalie, is at the Lick.
John Williams and wife of Ban Jose are at
the Cosmopolitan HoteL
J. R. Robinson, the banker of Chico, is
among the visitors here.
Congressman James Maclachlln of Pasadena
is among recent arrivals.
Dr. Renike of Berlin is at the Palace, ac
companied by his family.
Captain M. F. Taylor, owner of a large rancfl
at San Simeon, is at th OccideentaL
J. M. Brooks, proprietor of the Antelope Val
ley Nursery, Red Bluff, is at the Grand.
Eugene J. de Sabla Jr., the mining superin
tendent of Nevada City, arrived here yester
day.
John D. Howe, a Govefliment agent of
Omaha, Neb., is staying at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
F. S. Hussey, a business man of Victoria,
B. c, arrived here yesterday. He la at the
Palace.
Dr. A. C. Osborne, superintendent of the
Home for the Feeble-minded at Eldridge, is at
the Grand.
A. D. Remington, the Watertown (N. J.),
manufacturer, formerly owner of the San
Francisco Post, Is at the Palace.
Dr. C. W. Aby, formerly superintendent of
Mrs. Langtry's Lake County ranch, arrived
here from Butte, Mont., yesterday.
A. C. Maude, the newspaper proprietor of
Bakersfield, is among the arrivals at the
Grand. He is ud on a business trip.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. N. V. t SeDt. 28.-At the West
minster—J. A. Brady. C. Daily; Astor— G. Mar
tin and wife; Asl land— B. T. Reeves and wife;
Holland— Mrs. H. T. Scott; Windsor— W. C.
Martin, G. L. Simpson, J. C. Stubbs; Murray
Hill— Miss M. Switzer. Oswald Lohan,
Deuttscher Vice-Consul, and Mrs. Rosa Lohan
arrived in from Bremen on the North German
line. Miss Alma Van Borstel left the West
minster to sail on the Lahn of the North Ger
man line for Bremen.
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
The railroads reaching Canton, Ohio, will
pay dividends this year.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
Sewall has paid his money and is bound to
have the goods — even if they are a damaged
lot,— Philadelphia Press.
Tom called Sewall a wart, but Sewall, who is
a very witty cuss, gets even by speaking of his
twin as Mr. Wartson.— Minneapolis Journal.
Free silver and repudiation isn't all Bryan
ism represents. It stands also for free trade
and Federal deficiencies.— Chicago Times-
Herald.
So far nothing has happened to make young
Sewail regret his refusal to wallow in the
same puddle with the old man.— Kansas City
Journal.
If the truth must be told, Senator Teller's
prediction of Bryan's success has a very audi-
Dle boy-in-the-graveyard sound.— Scranton
Tribune.
One of the Bryan speakers at Louisville
eulogized his candidate as "the greatest an
archist that ever lived." Such candor will
have to be discouraged. — Boston Journal.
There is no third-term danger connected
with Mr. Bryan. He has already declined a
second term, and the people will see that he
does not get a first.— Philadelphia Ledger.
Why does not some Popocrat or Populist de
clare that when free silver coinage comes the
people or the Government shall have a part of
the profits of such coinage T— Indianapolis
Journal.
Maior McKinley is right. We do not want to
repeat this agitation every four years. The
way to prevent it from repeating Itself is to
vote it under by an overwhelming majority.
lowa Register.
"What was that fine sentiment that Bryan
got off the other day?"
"He said we must not drop the bongh of
thorns upon the corns of labor."— Chicago
Record.
Tom Watson has been sweeping through
Texas like a cyclone with a cockle-burr under
Its tail. But the queer thing about it is that
he has been for the most part knocking over
Democratic haystacks.— Texas Sittings.
Chairman Jones of the Popocratic National
Committee is worried about the State of New
York. Tnis is absurd of Jones. It is ridicu
lous to worry. New York is all right by about
200,000 honest-money majority.— New York
Mail and Express.
"When it rains Bryan simply raises an um
brella and goes on with his speech," remarked
the snake editor.
"I see," replied the horse editor. "He'd
rather put up than shut ud." — PitUburg
Chronicle-Telegraph.
As the earnings from wages in this country
approximate $7,200,000,000 a year, a propo
sition to scale the purchasing power of the
money in which they are paid involves con
sequences of vital importance to those who
work for wages.— lndianapolis Journal.
Tom Watson is reported to have made a
speech in Nebraska the other day without
once mentioning Mr. SewalL Perhaps the
Georgia candidate hopes that the people will
forget who Mr. Sewall is if he refrains from
saying anything abcut h'm.— New York Press.
'■What are you reading, Johnny?" asked the
father.
"Jist a book of fairy tales," said the ion.
"Seems to me yon are getting too old to be
interested in that sort of thing."
"Really," remarKed the mother, "didn't I
hear you last evening reading- the prediction
that Bryan would carry New York?"—lndian
apolis Journal.
Until the Wilson bill, of which Mr. Bryan
was as earnest and eloquent an advocate as he
has since been of free silver, scared the country
into a paulc the workingman got the highest
wages the world had ever known and he go;
them regularly on a gold basis just as he will
get them again if McKinley is elected.—Phila
delphia Inquirer.
So far eight members of the next House of
Representatives have been elected. They are
classified as follows:
Democrats- o
Populistss ts o
Republicans g
Republican plurality g
Republican majority g
That is how the silver forces have begun the
capture of the House of Representatives.
Cleveland Leader.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
According to London Truth Queen Victoria's
physical condition is such that she never
stands on her feet for two minutes at a time.
She is wheeled from room to room, and at all
court and other functions sits constantly in a
low cnair.
Tnere are two survivors of the class of '23,
Williams College. One is Joseph L, Partridge
of Brooklyn, the other is Rev. E. H. Stratton
of Branchport, N. Y. Rev. J. Harris Noole,
D.D., a member of the Williams class of "Jo",'
died during the year.
Cardncci, said to be one ot Italy's great
poets, who waa until recently one of Queen
Margaret's most passionate admirers, is no
longer to be honored with the royal regard, as
King Humbert objects to the acquaintance of
Queen and dreamer.
When Prince Philibert of Orange's grave
was lound to be empty at Padua recently, the
city officials began to hunt for him, and have
now presented to the Dutch authorities a
email casket containing the Prince's ashes. It
seems that bis body was cremated in 1530,
after the siege of Florence.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
Roscoe — It seems to me they're making an
awful noise out there In the ballroom.
Rapley— Yes; you know ail the -belles In
town are here to-night.— Philadelphia North
American.
She smiled at me as she swiftly passed,
over the handle-bar;
That sunny umile was the maiden's last,
Over the handle-bar.
She caromed hard on a cobblestone,
She took a header she couldn't postpone—
Her twinkling heels in the moonlight shone.
Over the handle-bar.
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Visiting Philanthropist— Have you anything
to complain of?
State-prison Convict— Yes, sir. I am re
strained of my liDerty.— Boston Transcript.
Borne one says that liquor strengthens the
voice. That is a mistake. It makes only the
breath strong.— Texas Sifter.
Grimshaw— What is your politics, sir?
Gassaway— l am a firm believer in the free
and unlimited coinage of silver, sir.
Grimshaw— Hub I That isn't politics; it's a
disease.— Puck.
"Why do you punch that hole In roy
ticket?" asked a little man of the railway offi
cial.
"So that you can t>ass through," wu the re
ply.—Tit-Bita.
She— l saw your do* on the street to-day.
Chappie— Was he alone?
"Xot exactly. You were with him."— Town
Topics.
"Ostriches swallow rocks to help grind their
food."
"Yes— and poor down-trodden man grinds
his own food and gives the rocks to bis land
lady."—Detroit Free Press.
FOURTEEN DESPAIRING BRIDES.
Westminster Gazette, Sept. 10.
At Hounslow yesterday there, was a remark
able scene when the Fourth Hussars left by
the 9 :45 train for Southampton en route for
India. A detachment of 400 men, in full
marching order and under the command of
Colonel Ramsey, proceeded from Hounslow
Barracks to the railway station, where
they were awaited by an immense
crowd, chiefly females. Among the latter
were fourteen brides of only a. week's ex
perience of married life, and these were in a
most distressed condition, the poor women
crowding together and clinging with the
tondest affection to their husbands. The
soldiers quickly entrained, and after the last
good-bys had been spoken the train steamed
out of the station, leaving the disconsolate
brides weei>ing hysterically in a heap on the
platform. The fourteen privates were mar
ried during the previous week without the
consent of the colonel, and tneir wives were
therefore not entitled to accompany them.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Gold Piece— F. c. J,. City. There li no
premium on a $5 gold piece of 1844.
So Pbemium— C. W. W., Palo Alto, Cal.
There is no premium offered for a five-dollar
piece of 1847.
That Earthquake— S. P., City. The answer
to question about date of earthquake appeared
in Thk Call Sunday, October 20.
Tax os Matches— O. C. L., Cfty. The internal
revenue tax on matches was removed by an
act of Congress passed October 1, 188£.
Two Dates— J, P. M., Ouo, Shasta County,
Cal. The 20th of December, 1834. and the
27th of June, 1867, each fell on a Friday.
A Tall Building— F. C. J., 01 ty. No build
ing "that is to be 200 stories in height" is
being constructed In the city of New York.
. Pkick or Gold— McK., Snellin*, Cal. The
price of gold fluctuates. Sometimes brokers
run it up above par, when there is an unusual
demand ior it, but they do not run it below
par.
Steel Kails— A. O. a, Oakland, Cai. Steel
rails cannot be manufactured in America,
shipped to England and sold thereat current
rates without loss to the American manu
facturer.
Snipe— J. X., Cornwall Station, Contra Costa
County, Cal. There is no law in this State for
the prevention of bringing English snipe to
the ban Francisco markets .during the month
of September.
Two Designers— E. T. T., Oakland, Cal. The
new City Hall in San Francisco was designed
by Charles A. Layer. The Mormon Temple in
Salt Lake City was designed by T. O. Angell, an
English Mormon.
The Timber Act— S., Pino Grande, El Dorado
County, Cal. If by the question, "Has the
timber act been repealed?" you mean the act
prohibiting timber denredation on public
lands it has not been repealed.
The Big Tank— P. E. L., City. The big tank
in the Sutro baths is 300 feet long by 100 feet
wide. If you take in the Lat the southern end
it is 100 feet wide for two-thirds of the length
and 175 feet wide for the balance.
Gold and Silver— McK., Snelling, Cal. The
latest official figures show that the amount of
fold in circulation in the United States is
480,275.000 and of silver dollars is $51,980.
-000, but these are only estimates.
Logarithms— G. V. D., Los Angeles, CaL This
department is unable to find any work ex
plaining more fully the computation of the
decimal part of a logaiithm than those you
mentioned in your communication.
BTATEB AND TERRITORIES— E. F. H., City.
There are at this time forty-five States in the
Union and there are six Territories, vii. : New
Mexico, Arizona, Indian Territory, Alaska,
Oklahoma and the District of Columbia.
Sekatobs-H. H. M., City. The Senate of the
United States is composed of 45 Republicans,
39 Democrats and 6 Populists. The terms' of
29 Senators expire in 1897. Of these 14 are
Democrats, 12 Republicans and 3 Populists.
A. Continental— s. O. T. C, Sonoma, Cal.
Continental .paper money is not in demand,
consequently has no market value. Such a
bill as you have is worth just what some one
would be willing to give for it as a curiosity.
After Sltro's Election— O. J. P., city. The
order of the Market-street railway system re
ducing the fare to 5 cents to the Cliff House
went into operation on the 15th of November
1895. Mayor Sutro was elected November 6of
that year.
Fbek Coinage Bills— H. m., Oakland, CaL
During the Fifty-third Congress, which opened
March 4, 1893, and terminated March 4 1896
a free coinage amendment to the coinage laws
was rejected, and again during the Fiftv
fourth Congress. }
Machinist— A. 0. S., City. If yon are young
and wish to become a practical machinist you
should go into a machine-shop and learn from
the bottom up. It would be a very difficult
thing for you to become a machinist from
simply reading books, li you go iuto a shop
those who will teach you will tell you the
kind of books you should read that w"ould be
helpful to you. •
Storage Battcey-W. R. r,, City. There are
at least twenty different kinds of secondary or
storage batteries, and this department has not
toe space to describe each, but would suggest
that, as you are a resident of this City, yon
visit the Free Public Library and examine
books there that will give you all the fnforma
tion you may desire.
A Frkkch Qtotation— L. R., City. "Aide toL
et le del t'aidera," ia from tbe French of La
Fontaine. It raeaus -Help thyself and heaven
will help thee." In other words, depend rather
on your own exertions than on yoiir DravP'V
The allusion is to the wagoner Je,oJ who'
when his wagon was overturned iv a ditch
prayed for the aid of Hercules. d"en,
HK Caiwot-R. D., Oakland, Cal The
President of the United States cannot on the
day after his inauguration issue bonds and
pat into force free coinage of silver. It Is th*,
province of congress to order the coinare *f
money but the Secretary of the Treasury mar
anrt v laW LPL Pa f %d% d by Con sres borrow m^nVr
and issue bonds for their payment •*""•«>
. Chicalotk-E, O. 8., Livermore. Alameda
County, Cal. The California ■ flower abou
which you make inquiry is not tocalote »m»
chicalote. which /popular name ii South'
em California "for* Argemone hispida. It is
from the Aztec chicalott, which means "that
which is spring." The Centaurea melitensis
is called tucaiote, and that also refers to
spring. t _
To Join the JUvy— A. H. L., City. If, by the
question asked, you mean to join the navy so
as to become an officer thereof, you will have
to receive the appointment to the Annapolis
Naval Academy from the Congressman of the
district in which you live. If you mean to
join the navy in the ranks below that of offlce r
you may send your application to the com,
mander of the Independence at Mare Island.
An Old Verse— A correspondent from Oak
land is anxious to obtain the title and name
of the author of an old poem, the first verse of
which Is as follows. Can any of the readers ot
this department furnish the desired informa
tion ?
A poor wayfaring man of grief
Has ofttimes crossed me on nay way,
He sought so hiimbly for relief
Thai I could never auswer nay.
Horses— M. s. D;, El M~ode*na, Orange
County, Cal. From the indications described
in your communications, it is likely tnat your
horses are suffering from itcn. In that case it
would be advisable to consult some one versed
in the disease of horses. If it is the itch, the
following is given as a remedy, but of its vir
tue this departuent cannot say: Beduce the
daily allowance ot food and place the horses
on low diet. Give a teaspoonful Of equal parts
of sulphur end antimony and at tho end of
ten days the. source Of trouble will have disap
peared and the horses will be covered with a
fine coat oi ne\v hair.
SoLfcIERS— P. D.. Alcatraz, Cal. A soldier in
the army of the United States stationed at any
of the posts in the City and County of San
Francisco or on any of the islands In "the bay,
if he hasresided the required length of time
in the State, county and precinct, is entitled
to register fn San Francisco at the time regis
tration is open, and it is not a prerequisite,
that he should have enlisted in California.
THK Juwing Bean— Minerva, City. What is
commonly called the ''Mexican bean" is called
tbe "jumping bean" and the "devil bean." It
is the seed of a Mexican plant infested by the
larva of a small tortricid moth. The uneasy
movement of the imprisoned lurva when it is
warmed .makes the seed roll about on a Hat
surface, or even jump a slight distance in the
air. The larva pupates in January and Febru
ary. Tne tree produces a berry containing
three "bep.ns," but only one contains a larva.
There is no hole or indication of the manner
in which the larva finds its way into the inte
rior.
Examinations for the 1 Navy— W. R. W., Palo
Alto, Cal. Entrance examinations for the navy
of the United States are held at the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, Md. Candidates nom
inated in time to enable them to reach the
academy by May 15 of each year receive per
mission to present themselves on that date to
the superintendent foi examination for ad
mission. Those not nominated in time to pre
sent themselves at ihe May examination are
examined on the Ist of September following.
When either of the dates given falls on a Sun
day then the examination is held on the Mon
day following. Candidates are required to en
ter the academy immediately after passing
the prescribed examination.
British India— T. P. C. The |present mone
tary system of British India was established
September 1. 1835, on the single silver stand
ard. The rupees and half-rupees are unlimited
legal tender, but smaller silver coins only for
sums less than one rupee. Gold coins are not
legal tender. There is no limit to their coin
age, but the mint charge is 1 per cent. The
debts.of India require the annual export of
$80,300,000. The price of silver, however,
dropped so low in 1892 that this amount was
increased by over $51,100,000 in payments of
gold premium's. This fall in silver led to the
closing of the mints to silver on June 26,1893, •
and the avowed policy to return to the gold
standard. The- law of 1861 prohibited bank
"issues of currency. The Government issuet
currency upon Government securities, receiv
able for all debts, public and private.
Palestine— B. H., City. In the reign of
Augustus, JElius Gallus, the Roman Prefect of
Egypt, at the Bead of a large army, unsuccess
fully attempted the reanctlon of Yemen to
the Roman Empire. In 529, however, Yemen
was conquered by a large Abyssinian a: my
and was kept ia subjection to the Ethiopians
for seventy-six years. Christianity found an
early entrance iDto Arabia. The Jews, in con
siderable numbers, migrated into Arabia alter
the destruction of Jerusalem and made many
proselytes, especially in Yemen. This diver
sity of creeds was favorable to the introduc
tion of the doctrines of Mohammed, which,
forms the -grand epoch in Arabian history and
brings It ljito' close connection with th<* gen
eral history of civilization. Then, for the first
lime, the people of Arabia became united un
der one scepter and one creed, and powerful
enough to erect new empires in three quarters
of the world— in Palestine, Mesopotamia and
Persia, in Egypt aua the north of Africa and
in Spain.
Creak mixed candies 25c lb. Townsend'i. •
SnciAL information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Prest
Clipping tureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. -
Professor T. T. Timayenis, who holds the
chair of Greek in Harvard University, is a big,
broad-shouldered, dark man, and wean a
black beard, closeiy clipped. He believes that
Greek will always hold its own in the educa
tional system of the country, no matter how
much the course of study maf be modified.
Are You Going .East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa »*
rente— ls the coolest and most comfortable sa ti
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Sao
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market sweet, Chron
icle building.. Telephone, "Wain 1531. Oakland.
1118 Broadway. •. * ;e; c • °
ro the Traveling Publi<
Advices from the general offices of the Rio
Grande' Western Railway at Salt Lnk& City s:ate
the damage caused by recent heavy rains will be
folly repaired by to-*dar (Tuesday, toe 29th), and
all tralnswlll run through without transfer qi de
lay. Tickets are on sale as usual at all Southern
Pacific ..Offices and the Rio Graude Western rtail
way city office. 14 Montgomery st. W. H. sneda
ker, General Agent.
Phillips 1 Rock Island Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Klo
Grande and Rock Island Railways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to"
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further Information address Clinton Jones.
General Agent Rocic Island Railway, SO Mont
gomery street, San Franc lsco.
If your complaint is want of appetite try half a
wine glass of Dr. Sieger t'a Angostura Bitters ba»
fore meals.
Colds are frequently caught by the sudden fall
of temperature at sunset Hence the need of
caution and. Ayer"s Cherry Pectoral.
Lord Kelvin always carries a notebook in his
pocket, which he produces at the most unex
pected times. While on a visit to a country
house, in a crowded drawing-room, with all
the jabber of conversation going on in full
blood, he will taee out his notebook aud fill
pa?e after page with intricate calculations,
seeking the solution of some problem which
awaits investigation.
KEW TO-DAT.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
A^cream or t*r:*r baling powder. H chest Of
all la leavening strength.— rv/'J Siatu
GovcrnmeM Tbod Separt.
Koy al liiKisu I'owuss Co.. New Yorf.TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 29, 189«
AMUSEMENTS. / - ;
Coi.tvbia Theateb— "The Lost Parades*."
Moß^Oßco'a UrEßA'Bousk— "Shadows of a Great
City." * •••'.
• " TrvoM rpxRA-Horiiit.— "Alda." *
ORPHEUM-Hlgh-Class VaadevlUa. ...
• . AICAZAB TfiEiTKR.-" SChOOI." . ;*.
. tCTBo Baths— Bathing and performances. t
kBooT the CHCTKs-D*tly »t Haignt street,
ccc Hock east of the I'ark. » ; *'.*,«
WschaSics' Institute Pavixiok— Twonty-
Industrial Exposition. '.^ "•*■•.• »,
' '" PICNICS c AND EXCURSIONS. ■ •. '. •
#'" Excursion— To Monterey, Sunday, October 4. .
"'„= AUCTION awes, .• ;;*;' V ;
By Ea^stox A Eldbidqk.— day (Tuesday),
Heal Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
3.2 o'clock. G °° ° ' ' .*
°Bt"Chab. Levy & Co.— Tails day H Tuesday);
• Furniture at salesroom, 1135 .Market street, at 10
• O'clock.; o o e ff .; '. *
. * By QtQ. T. Laksojt— This day .(Tuesday), « Fnr-
. nituro, at 2416 Webster street, at 11 o'clock. • " *
By E» S. Ppkab * Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Bicycle Sundries, etc., at 31-33 Sutler street, at 11
o'clock.
. By Fkank W. Btjttkbfiku)— day (Toes-
■ flay), Furniture, at 15259 Octavia st., at 11 o'clock.
Bt J. C. Mttthkß— This day (Tuesday), Furni-
ttfre, at 1120 Howard street, at II o'clock.
' ••By Indiana auction Co.-Thls day /Tuesday),
Furniture, etc., at 1057 Markets, at 11 o'clock.
 By Ailkv Cowan— Wednesday, Septtmher 29,
Millinery store, at 1603 Stockton street.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
. • The Boys"Training Home, 407 Taylor street,
has started a paper.
The Knights of the Maccabees will meet in
annual convention to-night.
The Methodist preachers intend to inaugu
rate a grand Luther Celebration.
Rev: Anna H. Shaw will lecture at the Me
chanics' Fair oq Thursday evening.
Polk street, between Sutter and Pacific ave
nue, is to.be lighted by seventeen arc lights.
The Ybune Men's Christian Association and
Boys' Brigade will attend the fair this evening.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the de
cision in Orange, County vs. Los Angeles
County.
The Supervisors have decided to nave Fol
som- street with bitumen from Third street to
the bay;
, James Case, son of Rev. Dr. Case, has decided
. to give up a tine business position to enter the
ministry.
.The prize-winners at the Home Product Ex
position 1 at the Pavilion will be announced
. this evening. ;
. . Governor Budd wants to know why the tax
on transfers of certificates ot mining stock is
1 not collected.
Preparations are being made for a "Woman
Buffrageday" on Thursday of this week at the
: o . Mechanics' Fair.
Father Yorke spoke to a large house last
night in Metropolitan Hall on "The Growth of
the Upas Tree."
%• Rev. Dr. Rader, who remains at the Third
Congregational' Church, will begin work on
institutional linea.
C. E. K. Royce was yesterday acquitted of the
■ " charge of embezzling money irom the Vete
. rans' Home, Association.
Tne MahoneyrKelly convention adjourned
last nitrti t after nominating its full ticket with
EL P. Sonntag at its head.
The tug Vigilant will take out a narty of
Call newspaper men and their friends to the
CordeH baaks nex=t Suuday.
The Daphne Gold-mlmng Company wrs yes
terday incorporated, as was the United States
Anitnatoscope Company.
G. D. B. Stewart last evening was elected
«"s Moderatorof the San Francisco Presbytery
• V^ce Rev. F. R. Farrand, retired.
"• Five Episcopal bishops and thirty-one Epis
copal clergymen participated in a banquet
last, night at the Occidental Hotel.
' *• Owners of property on Morton street have
t petitioned the Supervisors to allow them to
" operi their places aa lodging-houses.
An «nthnsiastic meeting of the Letter-car
'rlgrs' Convention Association was held in
"• . Jddge Cpnlan's courtroom last night.
.• • Thfe trial of, the seven Supervisors Indicted
by the Grand Jury for malfeasance in office
began yesterday before Judge Seawell.
° Judge Sea-well yesterday .nonsuited the dlain-
S tiff in^the case of the Union Trust Company
. against People's Home Savings Bank officials.
• Patrick Doe, a soldier, was arrested yesterday
at Alca'.raz Island and taken to the City
"Prison, where he was booked on a charge of
forgery.
Twenty-three charitable organizations de
eid*ed yesterday that they would rome together
every month and informally discuss the work
done by each.
The ; Citizens' Independent Convention is
. Btill addibg candidates to Its list preparatory
to making up a full ticket to be completed at
. to-night's session.
: A brief account is given of th» five Repub
lican state Senators who will have the honor
. of electing two United States Senators during
their term of office.
James D. Phelan's name was mentioned for
■Mayor at the Populist Contention rast night
ana roun.dly hissed, while Dimond's name met
.' with great applause.
• " The safe of Architect J. B. Mathisen, opened
.yesterday, contained instructions as to- how
. his sffV.irs should be disposed of. His brother
• has befen notified of his death.
The Second Battalion of the Police Depart
nvent was put through various movements on
„ Van Kess avpjme yesterday afternoon, which
they'perjormed most creditably.
. Tbe ere"ws ;Of\tive schooner Herman and bark
J. E). Peters comrn f 'nced libel proceedings in
thcUnited States District ronrt yesterday to
•recover wages' alleged to be due them.
A jury' in Juffge Bahrs' court yesterd*y
found Mary Bockwell not euilty of murder.
She was accused of having paused the death of
a young wdman by a criminal operation.
• c The batteries of the Fifth Artillery in this
harbor and the companies of the First Infantry
stationed at.Angel'lsland were reviewed at the
Presidio yesterday by Major-General Miles,
W. J. Caldwell, a young man of good family
and a bookkeeper by occupation, p'eatle'd
guilty to pe*ttv larceny in Judge Conlati's
court yesterday aljd will appear for sentence
to-day. . ..
Stephen Zsdn fc ifliasßokaz, was convicted in
the Lnited States District Court yesterday of
fending obscene matter through the mails.
He was" fined $100, with the alternative of
thirty days in jaih
District Attorney Fonte has recently dig
covered evidence* proving that Harry Huff,
who was some months ago dismissed irom the
Fervide as Chinese interpreter for accepting
bribes, was wrongfully accused.
The Citizens.' Non-Partisan -Convention last
night nominated its candidates for Superior
Judge, Auditor, Treasurer, Tax Collector, City
, and "County Attorney, Superintendent of
Streets and City and County Surveyor.
E. Donnelly yesterday oDtaincd a restraining
order preventing J. J. Rauor selling some
. property -mortga^d to him. Donnelly says he
owes Raver but 893 27, and that the latter ob
tained judgment for $500 against him.
The docking of the British ship "Dominion
and Dutch ship -Xederland at -Union street
• drew a srreat crowd to the.whsrf yesterday.
Both vessels afe chartered to load wheat and
there will be a.rus"h to get their cargoes ou&.
There was trouble on the otter hunting
schooner Herman a few days 'Ago*. The mate
and men claim a lay on the value of the skin*!,
placrag the value at from $500 to $900. A. P.
Lorentzen says they are only Worth f 150.
Hence the trouble.
. . Mrs. Oelrichs gave her deposition yesterday
•In the Craven* eje.ctment suits before Notary
Phillfps, in the course of which she said hec
•fatheFoften'told her he Was sot married and
never would marijy, as he desired that all his
property go to his "children.
Xhere was a fatal split of the Junta Democ
racyat their municipal convention last night.
Phelan refused to run with the'men Rainey
. had selected for Supervisor and the nomina
tions were postponed until to-morrow night.
• The convention was the scene of riotous con
duct.
To the great surprise 6f his friends, it has
t been learned that F. L. Auserais, the young
eculptor. who was divorced by his wife, in or
■ ■ der to marry*Hereward Hoy t, has again wedded
durlnir the present month in Paris, this time
a Miss Corvell of Oakland, • who Is p. trained
nurse. •
Registrar Hinton last night accepted the
nominations made by tbe Auditorium Conven
tion last Saturday night, as those of the Regu
lar Republican Convention and placed them
on the ticket. He, however, held for further
-consideration the legislative ticket.
John O'Conner was booked at the California
street station yesterday morning and charged
with being drunk. He gave the name of John
O'Brien. On hi? person was found an envelope
containing $18 87, which had been stolen from
1 ' the telegraph office at 2 Golden Gate avenue
'early In the morning. A more serious charge
will be lodged against O'Conner to-day.
The British Ship Dominion and the Dutch Ship Nederiand Both Docked at Union-Street Wharf Yesterday Within a Few Minutes of
Each Other. The Dominion Was Ahead, but the Dutch Ship Had Her Lines Out Five Minutes After the Britisher.
RUSH OF WHEAT
SHIPS TO LOAD
All Vessels in Port Are
Now Seeking Wharf
age Room.
TWO DOCKED YESTERDAY
They Were the Dominion aad
Nederiand, Both From
European Ports.
ROW OS SCHOONER HERMAN
A. P. Lorentzen and the Mate Said to
Have Had a Serious Alter
cation.
Two foreign ships docked at Union
street wharf yesterday. It is not the first
time, by many in the history of the port,
that two have docked at one and the same
time, but on this occasion both vessels in
question have had remarkably rough ex
periences rounding the Horn. From 50
to 50 they met with a succession of gales
that would have sent many a vessel to the
bottom. Both were splendidly handled
and reached port in safety. The Dominion
was the first to reach thedock, and Captain
Ike Smith, who was in command of the
tug Sea. Queen, made a splend id landing.
Captain Clem Randall, in the Vigilant,
bad hold of the Nederland, but both wind
and tide were against him. Nevertheless
he put the vessel into her berth in a man
ner that excited the envy of every tow
boat man on the water front. Tbe Domin
ion was the first to reach the wharf, and
it was not many minutes later before the
Nederiand was along the south side of
Union and discharging her cargo.
Both vessels-are engaged and will be ready
to load inside of three weeks.
In the case of ttae Dominion the eddy
set the sh,ip away from the wharf, but the
commander, Captain Meredith, at once got
stf am on the donkey engine and it did not
take long to warp the vessel into her
berth. , >
There is trouble on the otter-hunting
schooner Herman and in consequence A.
P. Lorentzen is in mourning. He could not
be found yesterday, but if all reDorts are
to be believed he is adorned witba beauti
ful pair of. black even and sundry acces
sories. Lorentzen is the man that has to
make both ends meet when an ofer or
sealer in which he is interested arrives in
port. When the Herman got in a splendid
showing was made and in consequence
the men began to celebrate. The hunters
were on 6alary, but the boat-ateerers, boat
puilers, steward and cabin boy were on
"a lay." First Mate Charley Rydell was
in tbe same predicament. When it came
to "paying off" Lorentzen on behalf of
tbe owners offered to pay at the rate of
$150 a skin. This was indignantly re
fused as it is said otter skins are now
worth from $500 to $900 each in London.
'. » It was over this difference in figures that
trouble arose. Rydell was to get a 35 per
cent "iay" on the price brought by the
skins.- Vvhtn he found the rate was fixed
at one-third their value he got angry.
Lorentzen visited the ship in order to put
her out of commission and then the trou
ble began.
The sailors have placed the matter in
tbe hands of Attorney riutton and he has
already begun proceedings in the matter.
Lorentzen has no sympathizers in the case,
as the entire crew can swear that many of
the skins are worth $900 each at the pres
ent time in the London market.
The tug Vigilant and the steam
schooner Westport went out to the Cordell
banks last Saturday night. The captain
of the towboat found the banks without
any trouble, but the caDtain of tbe steam
schooner failed. The result is easily told.
The fishermen on the Vigilant had fish to
sell and the fishermen on the Westport
bought them.
Next Bunday Captain Randall of the
Vigilant will take out a party of old-time
sports, and he promises that the best fish
ing grounds in the Pacific will be visited,
even if all and sundry are seasick.
Gunter Tron stead joined the Salva
tion Army yesterday. He was out of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
work and did not desire manual labor, so
he sought an easy time in the Lord's vine
yard. He pot it, but incidentally his land
lord is out and injured.
Many and many a time the case of the
injured sailor has been told, but this time
the boarding-master comes in. W. Mc-
Carthy, one of the most reputable in the
business, tells this story: 'On April 29 I
took Gunter Tronstead" off the British
ship Broderick Castle. 1 wanted men to
rill engagements, and 1 offered him in
ducements. He came asho-e and I ad
vanced him a few dollars. He got drunk
and broke his kneecap. On May o" I sent
him to the Marine Hospital, and on June
22 he came back. Ever since he has been
living on me, and yesterday when I offered
him a ship he said he had joined the Sal
vation Army.
'•The most I get out of this advance
would not have exceeded $35, so you can
easily see that there are two sides to every
story. Why, any coasting seaman can
live on me for a month and then demand
his baggase and I can't say him nay."
An unknown man fell or jumped from
tbe steamer Mary Garratt last Sunday
night. The vessel was on her way from
Stockton, but it took some time to stop it.
The Garratt was off Antioch and a boat
was lowered and one was also sent out
from the shore. Nevertheless no sign of
any body was found.
The following notice is issued by the
United Stales Lighthouse Inspectors:
Notice is hereby given that on September 28
the St. John post light will be moved to the
"Old Smith Dock," at. John, Or., about an
eighth of a mile in a westerly direction from
its present position. On ana after September
28 the present light will be discontinued and
initssieada fixed white light will be shown
from a lantern suspended from an arm on a
pile on the lower (west) side of the Smttli dock.
This notice affects the Lists of Light and Fog
Signals, Pacific Coast, 1896, page 'I\, No. 1085;
also the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast, 1895, page 50.
When the Egremont Castle arrived on
Sunday frorri Japan she sought an an
chorage in the bay off Goat Island. The
streckle-pin gave way and the vessel went
} adrift. Luckily another anchor held, and
the big tramp steamer is now safely at an
chor. Yesterday the tug Sea Witch was
out for twelve hour 3 seeking the lost mud
hook, but failed to findit.
DONNELLY'S DEBT GREW,
He Owed a Money-Lender $93,
but Was Foreclosed on
lor $500.
Thrifty Ways by Which Some Brokers
Make Their Coin Yield Immense
Returns.
Another instance of the facility with
which a note for a few dollars may evolve
into a judgment for several hundreds, par
ticularly when the note is drawn in favor
of a professional lender of coin, came to
light yesterday. E. Donnelly filed an affi
davit in the County Clerk's office in suu
port or an application for a restraining
order showing how J. J. Rauer had ob
tained judgment against him for $425 prin
cipal, $68 interest and the costs of the
suit, when Donnelly swears he owea Rauer
but $93 27.
About a year ago Donnelly borrowed
$179 from Rauer, giving his note therefor.
To secure the note he drew up a chattel
mortgage on thirteen horses, six sand
wagons, six sets of donble harness, one set
of single harness, two buggies, a lot of
tools and a blacksmith's outfit. He made
payments on his account from time to
time until the 1st of this month. Rauer
in the meantime, so Donnelly says, told
him to be easy in mind, as he (Rauer)
would take no steps in the matter without
notifying him. On September 1, however,
the money-lender entered a default against
Donnelly, and on September 11 got judg
ment for $493 and costs and foreclosed the
mortgage.
Donnelly says that through an excusa
ble mistake he neglected to answer the
suit, and further, that on September 1 he
owed Rauer but $141 27, he having al
ready paid him the difference between
that sum and $179, and that since then he
has paid another $48, leaving due but
$93 27.
Notwithstanding the fact that less than
$100 is due him Rauer preceedea under
his judgment for over $600, arid yesterday
would have sold Donnelly's horses and
wagons had it not been for the restraining
order, which was issued by the Superior
Court.
More Fruit Exhibits.
George A. Dennison of the State Board of
Trade leaves to-day for Auburn. Newcastle and
Sacramento, at which places he will gather a
fine collection of quinces, late peaches and
grapes. This fruit will bo preserved and
placed on exhibit at the Board of Trade's ex
hibit-rooms at 16 Post street. J. A. Filcher,
manager of the board, went to San Jose yes
terday to deliver au address at the opening of
the San Jom lair.
PHELAN'S NAME
ROUNDLY HISSED
Populist Sentiment Strongly
in Favor of Dimond
for Mayor.
MORE NAMES SUGGESTED
Cator and Gillespie Lead the
Opposition Against Judge
Hebbard.
JUNTA AGAIN TURNED DOWN.
Judge Campbell Admitted That He
Won d Vote for McKialey
and Was Barred.
The Populists continued their conven
tion at the People's party tent last nipht.
J. W. Koberts and J. W. Reay were
seated a«- delegates, in place of Louis Ches
ter and Frank Lansing, from the Thirty
ninth Assembly District, and H. E. Ringo
and George B. Scarf, in place of W. B.
Jackson and S. E. Ellis, from the For
tieth.
Delegates were separated from the body
of the house by two rows of seats. This
was found necessary because in general
voting the whole house seemed to take a
hand.
As chairman of the committee on inves
tigation, J. H. Tingman reported that the
following-named persons had appeared
before the committee, paid their fee of $5
and declared that they were for Bryan aud
free silver.
Mayor— Joseph Dimond, Dr. C. C. O'Donnell.
Supervisors— First Ward, Stephen Snngul
nettl; Second Ward, Emile Kehrlein; Fourth
Ward, <\ \V. Tope; Fifth Ward, Dr. J. S. Stone;
Sixth Ward, K. Lane; Seventh Ward, J. A.
Johnson, James Ryan; Eighth Ward, Frank
Malloy, Dr. C. D. Cleveland; Ninth Ward.
H. B. Grecken, Terence O'Brien, P. D. Mul
laney, Robert T. Baker; Tenth Ward, E. S.
Barney, William Fahey; Eleventh Ward, Dr.
A. B. Todd, James E. Bntt
School Directors— J. J. McCarthy. Gustave
A. Frost, H. E. Blake. Sam Waller, T. R. Carew.
Superintendent of Schools — Robert Haight.
Auditor— Fleet F. Strother. Andrew J.
O'Loghlen.
Treasurer— Henry Doscher, W. 8. Asmussen.
City and County Surveyor— John C. Bunner,
F. T. Kewberry, John M. Curtis.
Superior Judges— Joseph D. Leg«r«stt, Frank
F. Dunne, W. G. Burke, Robert Ferral, J. J.
Conlan, F. J. Murasky, H. W. Philbrook.
Tax Collector— Godfrey Fisher, James N.
Block.
Superintendent of Streets— D. A. McDonald.
J. W. Reay.
Police Judges— W. J. Gavlgan, J. J. Conlan,
Walter Gallagher, J. A. Spinetti, Stephen R.
O'Keefe, George W. Fox.
Justice of the Peace— J. J. Kennedy.
Tingman stated that Judge Hebbard
had paid the nomination fee, but would
not state his opinion of the financial ques
tion because his office would not Derm it it.
Cator said Hebbard's name had not been
before the committee properly. Gillespie
said Hebbard had been at the foot of the
stairs, but had not appeared before the
committee because he could not answer
the questions properly.
Judge Campbell's name was oast out be
cause he had signified his intention of
voting for McKinley.
A merry row was precipitated by Silvey of
the Thirty-fifth rising and in impassioned
tones asserting that he had understood
that a slate had been prepared, and Gil
lespie was not going to run things so far
as he was concerned. Silvey was declared
out of order.
Further nominations were made as
follows:
Mayor, James D. Phelan; Supervisor from
the Twelfth Ward, T. J. Parker; Eleventh
Ward, U. A. Lewis, J, A. Anthony, Dr. Rot
tanzi; Third Ward, George D. Gillespie; City
and County Burveyor, W. J. Cuthbertson;
School Directors, Joseph G. Crawford, J W
Swales, Dr. J. W. Griswold, W. J. Cuthberuon"
E. L. Head, Dr. H. R. Morton, Frank Bragg, S.
A. Levy, James O'Connor, William J. Barton,
C. H. Henderson, James Wiley, J. K. Philips
P. Barrett; City and County Attorney, T. Cari
Spelling, Harry T. Cresweil; Superior Judge
A. A. Sanderson; Police Judges, Charles T.
Conlan, Burnette G. Haskell; Justice of the
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Peace, O. K. McMurray, W. E. White, Frank
Kerrigan. John O'Gara, Frank Schilling, B. W.
Forman, \V. J. Hess, J. E. Barry.
The name of James D. Pnelan, proposed
by J. A. Johnson, met with such a storm
of hisses and catcalls that it was found
necessary for Johnson to rise and explain
his reasons for the nomination.
Edward Heintz, the delegate from the
Twenty-eighth, who made so tierce an at
tack on Mayor Sutro the other evening, as
soon as peace reigned, rose and said :
•'Gentlemen, this Phelan is not a true
Democrat. We don't want him for Mayor,
and tbe sentiment of the people is such
that he cannot be elected. I want to pro
pose tbe name of a man whose election
will give us a pure City government, a
name of which San Francisco should be
proud— the name of Dr. C. C. O'Donnell."
The explosion of a bombshell could not
have created greater consternation. Fully
rive minutes were required to obtain quiet.
The convention then adjourned till 8
p. M. to-day;
A CHARITY CONFERENCE.
Twenty-Three Societies Assem
ble at the First Unitarian
Church.
Monthly Meetings to B; Held to
Broaden the Field of Opera*
tions.
Pursuant to a call recently nude by the
Associated Charities, delegates from nearly
all tbe charitable organizations in this
City met yesterday afternoon in the First
Unitarian Church.
The purpose of the conference was
stated to be the ultimate formation of a
vast charitable body for monthly discus
sions and exchange of ideas ao as to bet
ter accomplish the work of dispensing
charity.
G. C. Woodward of the British Benev
olent Society was selected temporary
chairman, and Mrs. William Hardy tem
porary secretary.
Resolutions were adopted in accordance
with the pnrpose for which the meeting
was called, only it was deemed advisable
to form but a temporary organization so
as to see after a few months' trial if the
work progressed smoothly.
Chairman Woodward was held in office
and Mrs. G. P.. Preston waa selected secre
tary. The chair was delegated to select an
executive committee of five and report at
tbe next meeting.
The organizations represented and their
delegates were as follows:
Associated Charities— Mrs. Agnes Flint, Hiss
Virginia Fitch.
Mizpah Charity Club— Mrs. A. C. Rulolson,
Mrs. W. F. Fonda.
Trinity Pastoral Aid— Mrs. W. A. Douglas,
Mrs. J. M. Chnse.
Women's Auxiliary, Second Unitarian
Church— Mrs. Isaac Barker, Mr«. Horace Hale.
Fruit and Flower Mission— Miss Hannah
Leszynsky. Miss Lena Glbbs.
St. Luke's S ciety— Mrs. Sarah Daniels. Mrs.
Theodore C. Smith.
British Benevolent Bociety— Rev. W. W. Bol
ton, G. C. Woodward.
Ladies' Aid Society, Bethany Chnroh— Mrs.
A. J. Dale, Mrs. Rosa William de Win ton.
Ladies' French Benevolent Society — Mme.
E. Chevassue, Mme. Byivain We 111.
Ladies' German Benevolent Society— Mrs. J.
Popart, Mrs. Regensburger.
Doctors' Daughters— Mrs. J. A. Watt.
Society lor the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children— Mrs. Charles P. Welch.
Ladies' Aid Society of the First Baptist
Church— Mrs. H. R. Muzzy, Mrs. N. Larzelere
Ladies' Aid Society of the Central Methodist
Church— Mrs. W. Abbott, Mrs. H. Z. Jones.
Catholic Ladles' Aid— Mrs. J. J. McDade,
Mrs. .raul Lohse.
Tbe Helpers— Mrs. D. A. Levy, Mrs. Jacobi.
Menlo Park Sewing Circle— Mrs. J. L. Nickel,
Miss Frances U. Doyle.
Clothing Bureau— Sister Alma of Maria Kip
Orphanage, Miss HalL
Needlework Guild— Miss TJ. U. Grear.
Francesca Relief— Miss Skidmore, Mrs. Luke
Robinson.
Good Samaritan Mission— J. C. Alvarado
Miss Williams.
St. Vincent de Paul— Francis Shirley.
Society for Christian Work— Rev. Horatio
Stebbins, Mrs. W. Jiardy and Mrs. J. T. Bones
tell.
Sutro's Answer.
The answers of Mayor Sutro and the members
of the Board of Health to the suits of P. Marsl
cano and Magdalena Wittmeier for damages
lor the destruction of Chinatown rookeries
were yesterday filed. It is claimed that the
buildings were unclean and unhealthy and
that as the owners were about to tear them
down anyhow they were in no way damaged.
Union Trust Company Sued.
W. B. Leake, secretary of th« Pacific Coast
Jockey Club, yesterday sued the Union Trust
Company for $51,350 damages for personal in
juries sustained in an elevator accident in t£e
Union Trust building on June 13 last.
M. Gardner alto sued for $50,000 damages
for injuries sustained in the same accident.
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINATIONS
Seven Candidates Were
Named at Last Nighf s
Session.
SOME WARM SPEECHES.
Resolutions Promising Those
Chosen Full Freedom
of Action.
BORDEN FOE SUPERIOR JUDGE.
Voting in Some Cases Runs Close and
Occasional Flashes of Tamper
Are Seen.
The Citizens' Non-Partisan Convention
resumed its work of formulating a ticket
last night. The lecture-hall of the Acad
emy of Sciences was packed. Nominations
were made for Superior Judge, Auditor,
Treasurer, Tax-Collector, City and County
Atttorney, Superintendent of Streets and
City and County Surveyor. The other
nominations, or at least a part of them,
will be made to-morrow evening.
Ex- Mayor Ellert presented a report
recommending the appointment by the
chair of a committee of five, whose duty
it should be to select nominees for the
Senate and Assembly.
This brought about much contention.
Frank J. Sullivan, who had introduced a
resolution at a former meeting to the effect
that a pledge be requested to be signed by
candidates without the necessity of nny
special committee, seemed somewhat
aggrieved at Mr. Ellen's proposed substi
tute. E. J. Le Breton claimed the discus
sion was out of order; Mr. EUert com
plained that he was being placed in a false
position before the convention, while C.
B. Perkins, A. S. Hallidie and others at
tempted explanations pro and contra.
Mr. Ellert's resolution was re-read, which
produced yet more wrangling, J. W.
Whiting and W. F. Wilson being the chief
speakers. At length Mr. Wilson moved
that Mr. Ellert's recommendation be
adopted, which was done.
It was also decided that the president
and vice-Dresident be ex-officio members
of all committees of the convention.
Mr. Le Breton introduced the following
resolutions, which were adopted unani
mously:
Resolved, By the Citizens' Non-Partisan con
vention, that its members individually and
collectively hereby pledge themselves not to
ask for any office for tnemselves nor for any
one in their behalf, nor for any official favor
from any candidate nominated by this con
vention because of any indorsement or sup
port accorded to him.
Resolved, That its members individually and
collectively promise to every faithful and
honest candidate elected to office the fullest
freedom of action in the management of his
department.
A communication from C. S. Tilton,
candidate for County Surveyor, was read,
in which Mr. Tilton stated he would be
willing to have a reduction of 5 percent
in his fees of office, that being all in his
opinion that the office could stand in view
of the present financial stringency.
The work of balloting for candidates
was next taken up, H. L. Davis and
George Cumming being appointed tellers.
Rhodes Borden and Frank H. Dunne were
proposed for nomination to the post of
Superior Judge. Fine speeches in favor of
each candidate were made by his friends
and the balloting resulted in 32 votes for
Mr. Borden ana 16 for Mr. Dunne. Mr.
Borden's nominatian was made unani
mous.
Asa R. Wells was next proposed for
Auditor by Mr. Whiting, while Mr. Ellert
made a glowing eulogy of Mr. Broderick,
tbe incumbent. Mr. Le Breton and
others spoke in the same strain. The
balloting resulted in favor of Mr. Broder
ick, the vote standing 38 to 9.
Nominations for Treasurer were called
for and Mr. Le Breton proposed A. C. Wid
ber, the present incumbent, who was nom
inated by acclamation. The same proced
ure was followed in the case of James M.
Block for Tax Collector and Harry T.
Creswell for City and County Attorney.
George P. Wetmore was proposed by
Mr. Le Breton for Superintendent of
Streets, Lester Jacobs named D. L. Farns
worth for the same position, and I. J. Tru
man paid a glowing tribute to George W.
Elder. A heated discussion ensued, and
it was moved that the matter be referred
back to the nominating committee. The
motion was lost, the vote standing 23 to
25. The candidates were then voted for,
the nomination jroine to Mr. Wetmore,
the vote standing 32 to 16 for Farnsworth
giving him exactly the two-thirds re
quired. Tne nomination was made unani
mous.
The nomination for City and County
Surveyor was next called for. The names
of Charles S. Tilton and Lot D. Norton
were suggested. Charles Ashton and Mr.
Ellert opposed Mr. Tilton's nomination on
the ground that his connection with the
famous Dashaway case had never been
satisfactorily explained. A. 8. Hallidie
proposed Robert Munch and speeches ga
lore were delivered. The balloting re
sulted in a victory for Mr. Norton, the
vote standing: Norton 40, Tilton 6
Munch 2.
The chair appointed L. R. Ellert, Theo
dore Payne, Jeremiah Lynch, Julius Kahn
The good-will that goes
with good tea is part of the
profit — that is why some
grocers are glad to sell you
Schillings Best
But there is more profit,
take it all in all/ in Schil-
ling's Best tea — for you, for
the grocer, and for us.
A Schilling; St Company}
San Fra!iri*rr» 394
PICNICS AKP EXCURSIOKS. *
1 AQT AND BEST- —
*--rVO 1 OF THE SEASON.
FAMILY EXCURSION
"*' TO MONTEREY,
TO MONTEREY,
DEL MONTE AND PACIFIC GROVE.
Under the personal supervision of MR. WM. H.
MENTON, Excursion Passenger Agent S. P. Co.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4.
CO g\g\ I ROUND-TRIP I e^% f\f\
. VJii I TICKETS I 92.00
Special Train will leave Third and Townsend
Streets Depot at 7:30 a. h.
For further Information apply at Grand Hotel
Ticket Office, BIS Market street.
KIC'H G RAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen'l Traffic M«r. Uen'l Pass. Agt
KEW TO-DAY.
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
and Stewart Menzies as a committee in
conjunction with the president and vice
president to select candidates for nomina
tion to the Senate and Assembly, after
which the convention adjourned till to
morrow evening.
Railroad Suit* Dismissed.
The eight suits against the Southern Pacific
instituted in the United States Circuit Court
last February, to recover lands valued at half
a million dollars, were formally dismissed by
District Attorney Foote yesterday. The
authorities at Washington 'investigated the
cases, finally reaching the conclusion that it
tvould be better not to press them at the pres
ent. Mr. Foote wns authorized to dismiss the
suits, provided the railroad would pay the
costs, amounting to $410. This has been
done, hence the action of the District Attorney
referred to.
* — •—•• — •
Deficiency Made Good.
The cace against E. F. Schadt, district organ
izer or the Carpenters' and Joiners' Union,
charged with misdemeanor embezzlement,
was dismissed by Judge Campbell yesterday.
When the case was called a week ago, Schadt
promised to mate good the deficiency, and it
was slated in court yesterday that he had
done so.
» m — •
The Divorce Courts.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted a divorce
to Mary 11. C. Giesler from Wilhelm Giesler be
cause of the letter's willful desertion.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
rniCOLAHOtR.<jOniOD«» c?- u»c3A.nDrwiAotßJ--
JUST"~WAS
as it before
An Immen He House —
Tremen-io v < Knthusiaßiii.- „ ;
;.',-■; Numerou-4 Curtain Calls—
TEE FRAWLEY COMPANY"
Kepeat Their Former Great success,
"THE LOSTPABAMEf"
~t.i~L»~».i~i_^i_i~K_«~>_^i_i~i_i~i_i~i_i~un_i~i_~i .i~LJ~i_^i_i~i_i~i_j~i_i~i^r~i_n_*
The Best of All American Plays.
MONDAY NEXT 1 "TRILBY."
•■ Seats on Sale Thursday.
Prices 25c. |50c, 750 and SI. 00.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Kbkmxo. Proprietor & Maoa^er
I.AST WJEKKS OF
THe Grand Opera Season
THE HIT OF THK SEASON!
■ TO-3NT IG-HT
AND A.T_jJ_i THIS WEEK
Verdi's Divine Inspiration,
Cast Includes : •
IDA VALKRGA, BEKNICE HOLMES,
BIG. MICHELEXA, JOHN J. RAFFAEL,
SIO. ABKASIOFF, !>lu. NAPOLEONL
JStC. Etc. Etc. «
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
100 People on the Stage.
Next Opera : : : : SATANEI.t,A"
First Appearances of
ELVIA CROX SEABKOOKE, Soubrette,
MADRICiS DABCY, Light Comedian.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MORO3UO. Sola Lessee aai Mannzi:
PACKED fIOUSKS CROWD TO SEE
T_i. R,. STOCKWELL
In the Strongest of Scenic Melodramas,
"SHADOWS OF A GREAT CITY!"
Assisted by the Eminent Artists,
HOWARD KYLE, VICTORY BATEMAN.
Wonderful Revolving Scene.
Costly Costumes! Splendid Scenery!
Uorgeons Accessories'. ._■■* -.--_
Evening Prices— loc, 250 and HO a.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
Bet.asco, Doakk *. Johdan. X>sseei * Managers.
ANOTHER CNEOUIVOCAI. HIT • i
"SOEEOOXj !"
PRlCES— Evening: 15c, 35c, 33" and 50c
31atinee: Lsc, 3 5c and 35c.
Secure Beats or Telephone, Black 991
MATINEKS SATURDAY AND SUNP \V.
O'F«rr«H Street, Bet wi«n Stockton and P9W«U.
A RARE MUSICAL TREAT!
Matinee To-Day (Tuesday). S«pt. 29.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; .Balcony, any seat, IUo.
Children, 10c. any part.
FULL CONCERT by the Famous •
Royal Hawaiian Band and tilee Club.
4i>— Skilled Musicians and Vocalists— <o
Regular Vaudeville Performance
In Connection With the Hawaiian Band and Glee
Cluo Every Evening.
Special Matinees by the Baud Thursday A Friday.
LAST WEEK
—OB 1 THE
MECHANICS' FAIR !
. THE GRANDEST EXHIBITION
ON RECORD
Tuesday— Boys' Brigade and T. M. O.
A. Athletes.
.Wednesday— The Dairymen. ■
Thursday — Woman's Snffragn and
Flower Show Day.
Friday Night (by particular request)—
The Urand Programme of Wagner's Il-
lustrious Music.
Saturday-CLOSING DAY.
last"week.
THE CHUTES
And Greatest Soenio Railway on Earth!
Open Daily from 1 to 11 Jfc*. M.
Every Evening in the Open Air!
MCLLKN SISTERS, Cornetists,
THE ANIMATOSCOPE and
a 3-MILE BICYCLE RACE.
The Funniest Sight liver Seen Is
DELMAR, THE MAN- FROG I
Hopping Down the Chutes
EVER K; NIGHT AT 10 O'CLOCK,
ADMISSION lo CENTS. ■'.
Children, including Merry-Go-Round Hide, 5 cent v
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. v.
Conceit Every Afternoon and Evening
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children 5«
78
"I WILL NEVER
MARRY AGAIN"
• . jflrs. Oelrichs Says These
Were Mr. Fair's Last
Words to Her.
WAS A HOBBY WITH HIM
Wanted His Children to Have
All of His Prop
erty.
WHAT "MIGHT HAVE BSEN."
Would Have Married and Bsen Happy
but for This Consideration on
Their Behalf.
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs was under a fire
of questions from Attorney F. S. Brittain,
acting for Mr. Delmas. yesterday in the
MRS. HERMAN OELRICHS, Daughter of the Late Senator James G. Fair, Giving Her Testimony.
ejectment suits of Craven against Fair
• and Craven against Oeirichs.
The depositions took place before Notary
• Phillips in the Crocker building, the first
consuming all the morning and a part of
the afternoon. Miss Virginia Fair was to
have followed Mrs. Oeirichs in the first
suit, but she being reported by her coun
sel as indisposed, Mrs. Oelrichs followed
.• herself in the second suit over the same
, ground she bad trodden or been led in the
first.
indeed, almost all the testimony was
.trie same as that developed in the will case
• just a week ago.
There was. however, a flatter of interest
awakened when the witness in answer to
a question as to her reason for her lack of
faith in, the marriage contract brought
• forward by Mrs. Craven declared that the
last words her father ever spoke to her
were: "I will never marry again." That
was in November, 1895.
She also, later, touched upon the rela
tionship — kindly and otherwise — that ex
isted between her father and herself, and |
said that -while they, neither of them, j
we're ever very demonstrative in their ex- |
pressions of affection, the Senator was ai- '
• ways a kind and affectionate father toward
her.. •
, "At the time you entered into the con
tract with Mr. Dey had you heard' of the
marriage contract said to exist between
your father and Mrs. Craven*" aslftd Mr.
Brittarin.
"I do not remember."
"Did you ever see the alleged contract?"
"No, I did not." . " •
'pif-you ever see a photographic copy
'•No."
"If such a document is in existence,
» Tiave you any belief as to its genuineness?"
. "I would not believe if to be genuine."
". **P rf what do you base your disbelief ?"
•1 do not believe my father was married.
He has told me that he was not married."
"Did, your father at any time within
three or four years of his death speak as
t to tbe possibility of hi 3 ever man-vine?"
"He never spoke of the possibility of it.
He often said he never would on our ac
count — on account of his children He
said that the very last time I saw him—
the day I went East, in November, 1894,
and when I was ou my way to the bsat.
He said that he might have married and
been very happy, but that he did not be
cause he wanted everything he had to go 1
to us. The very last words he said to me
were, 'I am not married.'"
"Can you identify any other occasion
on which he said that he would never
marry ?" ;
"I cannot specify any occasion, but he
said so on every occasion that 1 saw him."
"How often was that?"
"Very often during a period of ten
years."
''Did your father ever write to you mak
ing the statement that he would never
marry on account of you, your sister aud
brother?' '
"Very often."
"Have you retained those letters?"
: "No ; I "have destroyed them all. "
"He frequently wrote such letters?"
"Yes, it seemed to be a hobby with him ;
if seemed to be always on his mind."
"Where did this conversation take place
between your father and yourself that you
speak of ? "
"At the Lick House."
••Will you be good enough to detail ail
of the conversation that passed between
you of that time?"
"The conversation, except for that state
ment, was upon private matters that 1 J
will not repeat here."
"Were you upon friendly terms with
your father at that time and until the
time of his death?"
"Yes."
"You said you destroyed all the letters
from your father, did you not?"
. "I said I destroyed the letters you spoke
of— not all tne letters from my father."
"Did you receive a letter from your
lather about November, 1894, in which be
said ne would not live long, and that it
would be better for all parties if be would
so die?"
"No, sir; I did not. I never received
such a letter."
"Did not Rubsell J. Wilsou say to you
on or about the day that you withdrew
your petition for the probate of tbe will of
the 24th of September that it was his be
lief that, it was the g-enuine will and that
it would be probated by Mr. Delmas on
behalf of Marc Levin srston?''
Objected to as au effort to draw out pri
vate conversations of the witness with
counsel.
The witness was asked if she had been
visited by a newspaper man during the
past day or so concerning the whereabouts
of J. H. Cassanova. She said she had not
—she did not know Mr. Cassanova.
"Do you know the value, of the property
at Eleventh and Mission streets, in con
test in this action?"
"No, I do not.".
"Do you know what rents accrue from
it?"
"No, i dojiot."
This ended the deposition or Craven
against Fair.
Mrs. Oelrichs was then sworn for the
taking of her deposition in the twin suit
of Craven against Oelrichs— the suit in
ejectment for the recovery by Mrs Craven
of the property at Pine and Sansome
streets.
Mr. Wheeler suggested that tbe deposi
tion taken in the other case serve by stip
ulation, so far as it went at least, in this
case. But Mr. Brittain said that without
wishing to inconvenience the witness in
any way he preferred to go on in the regu
lar way without regard to any other case.
Accordingly careful inquiries were made
as to her name, her residence, her relation
ship to the late Senator Fair, her travels
in Europe, her stay at Newport and as to
her visit Here, as in the other case.
She was asked as to the Richard V. Dey
$500,000 contract and the alleged deeds in
favor of Mrs. Craven. Bhe said she had
seen photographs of the alleged deed of
the Sansome-Btreet property. She declared
she thought the deed a forgery; that all
her counsel had advised her it was and
tbat.it.did not look like her father's hand
writing.
She was asked attain as to the letters
that passed between herself and her
father, and if the frequent letters which
she said they wrote were affectionate as
between father and daughter.
"Neither of u« were ever very demon
strative — we did not stop to put our affec
tion in our letters," she said.
"Did you stop to put anything in your
letters of a contrary tone?"
"We did not."
','He was always a kind and affectionate
father to you?"
"Yes, sir."
The deposition here closed. That of
Miss Virginia Fair will be begun this
morning.
Court of Appeals to Convene.
The United States Court of Appeals will con
vene next Monday, with Judge Erskine M.
Ross of Los Angeles, Judge William B. Gilbert
of Oregon and Judge Thomas P. Hawlev on
the bench. Judges Ross and Gilbert have
arrived, and Judge Uawley is expected to
day. The present docket is badly crowded,
many important cases being up for considera-
Thk King of Pill 1 , is Beecham't-BiCKHAifa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
WANT TO OPEN
MORTON STREET
Property- Owners on That
By-Place Have a New
Scheme.
PETITION SUPERVISORS.
The Dens Are to Be Reoccu
pied Under the Guise of
Lodging-Houses.
SEEMLY COHDTJCT PROMISED.
Folsom Street to Be Paved From
Third to the Water
Front.
Under the pretense that tbe long-closed
dens on Morton street are to be used as
lodging-houses, an effort is on foot to
open tbe street again, and as a prelim
inary the Board of Supervisors has been
asked to discontinue the police surveil
lance that has resulted in making tbe
former habitues of the dens seek other
quarters.
Though the petitioners— the property
owners — promise everything in the way of
order and decency, the fact that they de
sire the police called off first is signifi
cant. Tbe petition is as follows:
This petition of the undersigned, owners of
the property fronting 011 Morton street, be
tween Grant avenue and Stockton street, in
the City and County of San Francisco, respect
fully shows and represents:
That by reason of tbe police sn.rveillan.ee
now beiug exercised over said portion of Mor
ton street our property has become vacant and
useless, and in some cases we have Dccii
obliged to cancel insurance thereon, the com
panies being unwilling to carry it.
We desire to be able to use and have the
property used as lodging houses and furnished
rooms, and ii the police surveillance be with
drawn we shall be able to so let the property,
and we pledge ourselves jointly and severally
that if permitted so to use the property as
above suggested, it shall be useu in a quie
and seemly manner; there shall be no soiicitt.
ing from the windows nor improper nor in
decent behavior therein; neither will we al
low or permit any behavior which shall be
off ensive in any manner to the public use of
said portion of said street as a thoroughfare.
The names of a large number ol busi
ness men whose places are near tbe street
are .-igned to the petition in addition to
the property-owners.
The Soutb Side and Folsom-street Im
provement clubs petitioned the board to
have the gas lamps on Folsom street from
Third to Nineteenth replaced by sixteen
electric lights, one at each crossing. It
was represented that Folsom street is
already lighted with electricity from Nine
teenth to Thirty-sixth, and that the City
will save $125 per month by the change.
! The matter was referred to the Street
; Lichts Committee.
John Atkinson of St. Louis addressed a
communication to the board statine that
he had intended to remove to California
with iiis family, but hears that female
suffrage is to be voted for at the next elec
tion, and has decided to wait and see
whether or not it will pass. He claims
that Kansas has been mined by female
suffrage.
The Superintendent of Streets was in
structed to recommend the paving with
bitumen of Folsom street from Third to
the water front.
«
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Detailed Summary of tho Present
Work on City Thorough
fares.
After the summer vacation the Board of
Supervisors yesterday ordered and recom
mended considerable street work through
out the City. The following is a full ac
count of tbe improvements considered:
A WARMS OF STBEKT WOBK.
Gough, Sacramento to Washington— Bitumen
granite curbs, etc.: William C. Kaisch.
Larkln and Greenwich— Bitumen; Pacific Pav
ing Company.
Larkiuand Lombard— Bitumen: Pacific Paving
Company. "
Pierce, Filbert to Grsenwich— Basalt and curbs-
Union Paving Company.
Sacramento and laurel— Bitumen; Pacific Pay
ing Company.
stelner, Green to Union— Basalt, etc.: J. J Dow
ling.
Howard, Kighteenth to Nineteenth— Stone side
walks: J. M. Uandley.
Octavla, J nekton to Broadway— Stone sidewalks-
Fllnn A Treacy.
X! SOLITION' OF ISTKNTION TO ORDER STBEKT
WOBK.
Church and Twenty-second crossing— Gradlne
basalt, etc. "*
Harrison, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth. we«t
side-siODe sidewalks. ' weM
Treat avenue. Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth
east side— Stone side waUs ' '
Leaven worth. Chestnut to Francisco— Gradlne
ou M °ide K wS cry ftVenue> °PP° slt « Adler-Bltumin-
Twenty-fourth and Castro, corners— Stone side-
W&IKS*
Seventeenth, Folnom to Division— Bitumen
Army, Mission to Shotwell— Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-fifth, San Bruno to Vermont-sewer,
macadam. *
Eighteenth, Kentucky and Mississippi-Stone
Minnesota, Ei B hteenth to Nineteenth-Sewer.
Waller, Centra, to Masonic— Stone sidewalks
Gougn and Turk crossing— Sewer, bitumen, «tc
Kansas, Twenty-fifth to Army— s« we r
Laguna, Clay and Washington— Bitumen
Tonchard, Pine 10 south end— Stone sidewalks.
Laguna and Washington— Cnl vert, etc., bitumen.
Chestnut, Hyde to I.arkiu— sewer, etc
Pacific avenue, Walnut to Presto lo— Sewer
Pr.'dta, Folsom to Alabama— Grading, sewer.
macadam. fc> •
Precka place, Folsom to Alabama-- radlng. etc.
Mission and Silver avenue— Culverts, etc.. plank
sidewalks.
Mission and Marshall— Culverts, etc., plank side-
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Mission and Ney— Culverts, etc., plank side
walks-
Mission and Turnbull— Culverts, etc., plank side
walks. ■ •■ .' , . ■ . ...
Mission, opposite fob worth— Water Inlet, cul
vert; etc. .
Mission and Bos worth— Culvert, curbs, plank
sidewalks. - . - .
Mission and St. Mary's— Culverts, etc.
Scott, Waller to Thirteenth— Stone sidewalks.
Kleiner, Waller to Thirteenth-Stone sidewalks.
Thirteenth, Steiuerto Scott, north side— Stone
sidewalks. - , • ,-
Thirteenth, Noe to Castro, south side—
sidewalks.-
Twenty-fourth and Harrison crossing— Stone
sidewalks.
. Filbert and Fierce— Cesspools, etc., stone side
walks.
NOTICES OF BTBEF.T WORK.
Hawthorne, Howard to Folsom— side
walks.
Pine, Dupont to Stockton— Stooe sidewalks.
Howard, Second to Third— Stone sidewalks.
Bernlce, Thirteenth to eighty feet norih-Stone
sidewalks.
Geary, Polk to Van Ness— Ptone sidewalks.
Capitol avenue, Sagamore to Sadowa— trading,
Capitol avenue and t-adowa crossing—
Capitol avenue. Sadowa to Broad— Grading, etc.
Church, Twenty-first to Twenty-s*-cona— Plank
sidewalks.
Sagamore and Capitol avenue crossing— Grading,
Prospect and Esmeralda avenues crossing-
Sewer, grading, curbs, etc.
Prospect, Virginia to Heyman— grading,
©I C.
Prospect and Heyman crossing— sewer,
granite curbs, etc.
Prospect, Kugenia to Heyman— Grading, sewer,
curbs, etc •. ,
Eugenia and Prospect— sewer, granite
curbs, etc.
Prospect. Eugenia to Lizzie— Grading, sewer,
curbs, etc ■ ../,.
curbTetc? and Lizzie crossing-Grading, sewer,
curbs, etc.
Prospect, Lizzie to Cortland-Gradlng, sewer,
curbs, etc.
BTBKKT WORK BHCOHMESBED feY BCPKBIS
TISDKNT OF STREETS.
Cole, WaUer to Frederick-Bitumen, curbs,
water inlets, etc
Clayton and Waller-Bitumen, stone sidewalks,
culverts, etc •
John, Powell to Mason—
. Kolsom avenue, Folsom south— Bltnmen.
Taylor and Union-Basalt, stone sidewalks, etc
Heron, Eighth to Mariposa— Basalt.
Eighth and Howard— .-tone sidewalk on south
west corner.
Eighth, Howard to Folsom— Stone sidewa'ks.
Nineteenth and Folsom— Stone sidewalks, north
east and southeast corners.
Twentieth and Folsom— Stone sidewalks, south
east and southwest corners. "
Folsom, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Stone side
walks, west side.
Seventeenth, Howard to Folsom— Stone side
walks, south side.
Folsom, sixteenth to Seventeenth-Stone side
walks.
Gougn, Green to Union— Stone sidewalks, east
side.
Hough and Union— Stone sidewalks, corners.
Taylor. Green to Union— Stone sidewalks.
Jones, Green to Union— sidewalks.
Jones and 0 nion— stone sidewalks, corners.
Kills and Buchanan— stone sidewalks, northwest
corner. 4
Fulton, Baker to Lyon— Stone sidewalks.
Hayes, Webster to Fill more— Stone sidewalks.
Post, Lyon to Central avenue— Stone sidewalks.
McAllister, Fillmore to Steiner — Stone side
walks.
Fifteenth, Sanchez to Noe— sidewalks.
*>oe, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— stone sidewalks,
west side.
Fulton, Lyon to Central avenue— Bitumen.
Sacramento, Locust to Bitumen.
GRADES.
Brazil avenue, Lisbon to Munich— Established
as recommended by engineer.
Capitol avenue. Sagamore to Ocean avenue—
I Same.
Russia avenue, Paris to Moscow— Same.
Cbapultepec, Coso to Virginia— Same.
Fifteenth, westerly from Castro— Same.
Laldley, Miguel to Koanoke— came.
Chestnut and Larkin, northeast corner— Three
feet raise.
Chestnut and Larkln, southeast corner—
feet raise.
Uosworth, Milton, . Engineer to report ex
pense.
GBADES KECOMKESDED BY BDBVKYOR.
Andover avenue and Kugenia avenue— To lower
1.5 feet.
Andover, 226 south from Eugenia— establish
Intermediate at 226 feet. »»wiu«u
OBJECTIONS TO CHANGES OT GRADE.
First avenue, at crossings of Clay. Washington
to Jackson— Notice to appear before board October
12 at 3 P. if.
. APPEAM FnOM ASSESSMENTS.
■ To be heard October 12 at 3 p. k. :
Eighteenth and Diamond— Property-owners, cost
of paving.
van Ness and Green— E. Russell, cost of
paving. -..••■■. !, ,:
Van Ness, Greenwich to Chestnut— John H.
Sievers, cost of paving, etc
Serpentine avenue, Lower Terrace to Serpentine
road— From cost of grading, etc
V . .: OBJECTIONS TO STREET WORK.
Broderick, Eddy to O'Farrell— Stone sidewalks,
to be heard October 12 at 3 p. m. -
Fifteenth avenue south and L south— Sewer etc
to be heard October 12 at 6p. M. , , ■' '
• V:; i BIDS REJECTED.
Laguna, Hermann to Waller— Bitumen.
Morrell place, Broadway to Pacific—
BIDS To BE KKADVEBTIBED,
' Taylor and Green— Sewer.
Steuart, Folsom to Harrison— Beplanking east
side. '
I street and Clement— Constructing sewer.
California, First to Second avenue— Grading.
Lombard, Hyde to Larkin— sewering.
CONTRACT RKPKALKD.
Folsom, Third 10 Sixth— Paving and cesspools
awarded to A. B. Chute.
EXTENSION OF TIME BKFrBED.
Twenty-fourth avenue, A. to C— Grading, John
Tutue.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
Pacific, Mason to Taylor— Stone sidewalks.
Folsom, Tenth to Eleventh— Stone sidewalks.
Folsom, Third to front — Bitumen.
Bailroad avenue, Twenty-fourth to Thirtieth
avenue south— superintendent of Streets to re
port lowest bidder for grading.
RELEASED FROM CONTRACT.
Market, Church to Sanchez— Paving, Pacific
Paving Company.
PRIVATE CONTRACT.
Thirteenth avenue, Chestnut to California—
Plank sidewalks.
ARTIFICIAL STONE CURBS RETAINED.
Shrader, Halght to Page.
Webster, No. 637.
Pine, Broderick to Baker.
DTTNCAN-STBEET PROFILE.
Duncan, Noe and Sanchez— City Engineer an
tborlzed to make surveys.
SEWER PLANS APPROVED.
Laguna, Lombard. Van Ness and Bay— District.
Larkin, Lombard. Van Ness and Bay— District.
B, First to Fifth avenues— Engineer to examine.
Canal street, culvert on Mission road— Engineer
to estimate cost of repairs.
...'.-'■•..- OBSTRUCTIONS OF STREETS.
Monlton, FUlmore to Steiner.
First avenue and Kentucky.
Sixth avenue South, near Railroad avenue.
Brady. Market to West Mission.
Twenty-third. Folsom to Shotwell.
Superintendent of Streets to examine them with
a view to removal.
INSTRUCTIONS TO SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS.
Thirteenth street— To examine sewer.
Myrtle, Octavia to Laguna— Paving to be on
grade.
Oak, Baker to Stanyan— To begin City's part of
work.
Stanyan, Fulton to Frederick— Same.
Caliiornla, First to Seventh avenues— To recom
mend grading, etc
Turk Broderick to Central avenue-Same.
Post to Fillmore— stop work on sidewalks.
Van Nes* and Greenwich— repair cesspool.
Van Ness. Lombard to Bay— To compel erection
Of bulkheads.
Seventh avenue, Point Lobos to California— To
compel Market-street Company to pave.
Mission, from Amazon — To extend wooden
sewer.
Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Bhotwell and Folsom—
To recommend proper sidewalks.
EXTENSIONS GRANTED.
Francisco, Fillmore to Broderick— 60 days
macadam, etc. * '
Francisco, Broderick to Baker— 6o days, mac
adam, etc. * m
Hayes and Scott— 3o days, paving, etc.
P South. Fourteenth to Fifteenth avenues— 9o
days, grading, etc.
Douglass, seventeenth to Eighteenth— days,
paving. -■'.■->. J *
Kill more, Oak to Page— 6o days, paving.
Fillmore, Vallejo to Green— 6o days, paving.
Thirteenth, castro to Scott— 6o days, paving.
Van Ness, Union to Bay— 80 days, paving:
Brooklyn place, Sacramento south— 6o days,
paving. .
Prospect avenue, C 09 ° to Esmeraida— Bo days,
grading, etc J *
ACCEPTANCES.
Church, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Bitumen.
Church, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Bitumen.
>-ddy, Hough to a via— Bitumen.
Fulton, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
Hough, Flltert to Greenwich— Bitumen.
Fifteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Bitumen.
Noe, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—
Thirteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Bitumen,
Thirteenth, Castro to Scott— basalt.
Van Ness. Chestnut to Francisco— Bitumen.
Van Ness, Francisco to Bitumen.
Van Ness and Francisco crossing-Bitumen.
Fifteenth and Noe crossing-Bitumen.
Kighteenth and collingwood crossing-Bitumen,
Eighteenth and Diamond crossing— Bitumen.
Jones and Green crossing— Bitumen.
Central avenue and Pacific avenue crossing—
Bitumen. . ;;:••."
Camp, Guerrero to Bitumen.
Dupont, Bay to Francisco— Cobbles.
FUlmore, Green to Union— Basalt.
Lily avenue, uoueh to ( ctavia— Bitumen.
Taylor, Green to Union-Cobbles.
Seventeenth and :-anchez crossing— Bitumen.
EXTENSION OF TIMS RECOMMENDED.
Baker, Tonquin to Lewis— 9o days, on macad
amizing, etc
Hampshire, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— days on
grading.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO BISOI.UTIOH OBDEB
ING.
Lombard, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
Lombard and Baker— Bitumen.
Lombard and hroderlck— Bitumen. •
Lombard, Broderick to Bitumen.
BESOLUTIONS OBDXRHTG BTKEJCT WOBK.
Steuart, Kolsom to Harrison— Replied, recapped
and replanlced.
California, c entral to Walnut— Bitumen.
California and Walnut comers— Curbs, plank
sidewalks, culverts, etc
California, Walnut 10 Laurel— Bitumen.
California and Lanjßl— Curbs, slCewalkg, cul
verts, etc
California, Laurel to Locust— Bitumen.
California and Locust— Curbs, sidewalks, cul
verts, etc.
California, Locust to Spruee — Bitumen.
California and Spruce— Curbs, sidewalks, cul
verts, etc.
California, Spruce to Maple— Bitumen, cesspools,
culverts, plank sidewalks.
California and Maple— Curbs, sidewalks, cul
verts, etc.
etc* 1 " o™'0 ™'* 1 M * ple to Cner »y— Bitumen, cesspools,
Fulton, Shrader to Stanyan— Bitumen, cesspools,
Fourteenth avenue South, Railroad to N South—
urading 1 , etc.
sldewMk Lombard t0 Ch "tnut. west sid«— Stone
Union, Franklin to Gough— stone sldewalKs.
Sheridan, Ninth to Tenth— Stone sidewalks.
L.t)auanooga, Ninth to Tenth— stone sidewalks.
Chattanooga and Twenty-second-Bitumen.
thurch. Twenty-second to Twenty-third-Plank
sidewalks.
Filbert, Hyde to Leaven worth— Granite curbs,
bitumen and cobbles.
Van Ness, Green to Union— Stone sidewalks.
Green, Polk to Van Ness— Granite curbs, basalt.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMKITTKK.
Lily avenue, Gough to Octavia— To repair plank
sidewalks.
Sanchez. T-venty- fourth and Twenty-fifth— To
lay stone sidewalk.
Diamond, Seventeenth to Eighteenth—Property
owners, for plank sidewalks.
. Gough, Eddy to Kllls-To postpone pavement.
Holly Park avenue— Holly Park Club, to mac
adamize and curb
Holly Park— For concrete wall.
Mission, Cortland to Webster avenue—Propertv
owners, for basalt, etc
John, Powell to Mason— Property-owners, for
grade.
California. Central to First avenue—Property
owners, for lamps.
Fill wore. Oak to Page— To retain stone curbs.
iairmount District— Fairmount, Improvement
Club, to establish grades.
Kichland avenue. Holly avenne to Andover— For
graaes.
East Park street. Holly to Andover— For grades.
Columbia— For correction of lines.
Columbia, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
James Tobln, for six-foot stone sidewalks.
Twenty-fourth avenue, A to.C— John Tuttle, for
release from contract.
Mission, Ottawa to Foote avenue— John Pforr, for
extension of wooden sewer.
Fifth avenue and Clement, northeast corner-
Point Lobos club, for cesspool.
Commonwealth and California— Macadamise
crossing.
Lake, First to Second avennes — For macadam.
San Bruno avenue, from Fifteenth north—Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts, for grading.
San Bruno, Fifteenth to Channel— Same, for
sewer.
Central avenue, Hayes to Fell— A. J. Kaisch, to
pave with bitumen.
Hose avenue, in Western Addition block 289—
Frt^erty-owners, for delineation of street.
Twenty-seconrt und Chattanooga— R. W. Lind
say, for permission to lay six-foot sidewalk.
Oregon— R. I). Chandler, to open street.
Thlrt and Miguel— Fairmount Improve
ment Club, for construction of steel bridge over
Southern Pacific Company's railway.
Twenty-second and Church— Property-owners,
that crossing be cut to official erade.
Cole, Page to Oak— Property-owners, for per
mission to pave with bitumen.
APPEALS FROM ASSESSMENT.
Freelon, Fourth to Fifth— A. McLeod, bitumen
sidewalks.
Brannnn, Fourth to Fifth— Pacific Paving Com
pany, bitumen sidewalks.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO BTBKJCT COMMITTEE.
Van Ness, Green to Union— Van Ness Improve
ment Club, against narrow sidewalks.
1( Ninth aa «l »beridan— N. J. Padler, against stone
0 ayton, Oak to Page— Eoslna Pohlman, against
paving with bitumen.
BABRKD FOB SIX MONTHS.
Ash bury, Fulton to Hayes— Grading, etc
Clayton. Fulton to Hayes— (trading, etc.
Grove. Masonic avenue to Cole— Grading, etc
Masonic avenue, Fulton to Hayes— Grading, eta
Union, Franklin to Gough Paving.
"WOMAN SUFFRAGE DAY"
Miss Anna H. Shaw Will Make
an Address at the Me
chanics' Fair.
Kind Words for v The Call" From
the Sole Surviving Sister of
Henry Ward Beecher.
Thursday of this week will be "Woman
Suffrage Day" at the Mechanics' Fair.
In the evening at 8:30 o'olock Miss Anna
H. Shaw will lecture in the art gallery and
tell her hearers "How to Make California
Rich." A large number of prominent so
ciety people have signified their intention
of being present.
Miss Susan B. Anthony has just returned
from a week of hard work in tbe interior.
"They say woman's 'physical disability'
should be a bar to her having the ballot,"
said the veteran suffragist, "but I would
like to see the man of my years who could
pass the week I have just passed and still
be ready and anxious for more work. But
it has been a glorious week, none the less,
and well worth the fatigue of incessant
travel, public speaking and broken rest.
"In Vißalia and Hanford our rallies
were simply stupendous, with bonfires,
rockets and other things that men like.
As for the crowds, it was said that those
which gathered to listen to Mr. Khortridge
were no larger."
Mrs. Austin Sperrv has received a letter
from Mrs. Isabella "Beecher Hooker, sole
surviving sister of Henry Ward Betcher
and Harriet Beecher Stowe. The lady,
though upward of 76 years old, is an
ardent and vigorous woman-suffrage
worker. In her letter she says:
We have our annual State Suffrage Conven
tion early in October, ana copies of your "Ob
jections Answered" would help us, especially if
inclosed in envelopes with flag and stars
showing tho three States already crowned
Many a man in this city of Hartford, Conn.,
and of course many a woman, does not know
that the experiment of women voting fias
been tried for many years in Wyoming; and
The Courant— Charles Dudley Warner's paper
and Senator Joseph Hanley's— doesn't mean
its subscribers shall know it if by any means
they can still be kept in Ignorance.
Oh, for such a Call as yon have, and such an
editor I Plensesend me a few items that pos
sibly may get into our newspapers, thougn
they care little for such news.
Reports of City and State workers are
daily becoming more interesting and en
couraging.
To Rf join Her Parents.
Lillian Swaun, the young colored girl who
was stolen from her parents in Washington,
D. C, thirteen years ago, is now on her way
home. Chief Crowley procured free transpor
tation for her to Chicago and defrayed the cost
of taking her from there to Washington out of
his own pocket Detective Anthony accom
panied her to the Oakland mole yesterday, and
saw her safely started on her journey.
NEW TO- DAT.
aTe. buckman;
SOS Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING.
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONK
Main 991.
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER ST&,
Telephone West 14.
TELEPHONE 1752.
CHARLES M. DEPEW
PLANING MILL COMPANY.
OBNERAL MILL WORK. SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK,
Planing, Sizing: and Re9awlng.
OFFICE AND FACTORY.
329-233 Bsrrv St., Bet. 4 h end sth.
Box 19, Builders' Exchange, S. F.
D % D BUILDING
n « Pi paper. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
BnITDDJNGIkeeN&COi
if|'ni»Bjl3sB-1360 MARKET ST.
llliiiiii'lliH WORKS-LINCOLN CAL.
WV TO-DAT.
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Booms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
: AC R A. MEMO OFFICE: '. 411 J STREET.
H. DOTARD -|2 J. W. MCDONALD, Pres
C. B. STONE o W. E. DEN'NISON, Sec
T. B. BISHOP t« COL. J. H. MENDBLL,
J.W. MCDONALD | v Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
W.E.DENNISONJ3 (Retired),
COXSUI.TIXe ESBLNEBH.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, CaL, All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITIMCA' UIVLX' Wharves, Jetties and
DlllJlb.l fllUa. Seawalls.
PROPERTY. OWNERS!
ATTENTION.
T7k OB2STTS
Per Square Foot (no discrimination) is what you
can get your street paved with BITUMINOUS
OIK for by the
PACIFIC PAVING COMPANY.
Office 106 and 108 Phelan Building.
Call on us or send your address and our repre-
sentative will call on yon. Telephone Main 666.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Wort
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
— _
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111. tKH
CALIFORNIA CONCRETE CO.
ARTIFICIAL STONE PAVEMENTS.
14 Post St., San Francisco. Telephone Main 110.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALE STREET..
WARREN & MAULEY,
OFFICES:
!232 Montgomery St. ". TiiYTR IfTAI>S
Telephone, Main 1203. VVil 1 Hill/ 1 UllSi
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161. " -
Bay and Laguna Sts. - • ' •
Telephone, West 789. ••,. ...
San Bruno Quarry. - * '
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells. :'■*,*
Alsen's . . : ..' * -
Portland Cement.
■ Strongest, Finest Ground and Most '' "'
I I Uniform Cement made in the world. * "•
1 Largest Works and Greatest Production.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., Agents
327-329 Market St.. S. F.
P£ D COMPOSITION AND
■' «Pi GRAVEL ROOFING.
I'arafflne Paint Co.. 116 Battery Street.' %
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North ; Pacific
Coast Railroad. ,
WEEK DAYS— Leave aF. 9:15 a. m. 1:45 p. k.
Returning— S. K. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p m
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. m 11:80 a.m. I:3Upm
Keturning— Arrive 5.F.1:16 p.u.4:20 p.m. 7:35 p h.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or * .
THOS. COOK <fc SONS, 621 Market St., S. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpala Scenic Railway.
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, ■
And Kvcry Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from 8. P. Ca's Ferry Landing, foot of
Market St., at 8:00 P. it
SPtCIALj $10 including Berth,
OrfcUlAl Will w Tourist Sleeper.
RATES* $19 First-class. Including
RATES' SI 9 Be si h e.S£ nd " d
For further information apply at 013 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), a X
RICHARD OKAY, T. H. GOODMAN
Gen. .Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SINFRARiCISCO & NORTH Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St. • •
San Francisco to San Rafael. .
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.: 12:35,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. v. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. it . •
BDNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.*.; 1:30, 3:3 ft
6:00. 6:20 p. it ...
m San Rafael to Sun Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I6, 7:50, 9:10. 11:10 a k.-
-12:46, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips
at 1 :55 P. m. and 6:35 p. it . "
SUNDAYS— 7:36, 9:36, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, 3:4tt
6:00, 6:25 p. k.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above. 7T™
San Francisco. a£Jx*£ BAn Francisco.
Days. 1 bays. • PAYS . I DAYa .
7:30 am 7:30 ax Novato, 110:40 ah 8:40 am
8:30 pk 9:30 ax Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 M
m-« - Fulton, ' " "
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 ax
Healdsburg, •
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
~ Pieta, j "
7:30 am! > Hopland & 10-10 aw
3:30 pm j 7:30 am Pklah. 7:30 pm 6 :15 pm
7:30 am I I " 10 10 am
7 :30 am GuerneviUe. 7:30 pm iUAM
3:30 PM i I i 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am I 8:40 am'
6:10 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 615 pm
saasis^i -*-*■>* rgiogpsi l^^'
n Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; .at Geyservllle for Ska*,., Sprln«. at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Pieta for HlJhfand
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i^krpSrt- at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett SprineV- a'
Uklah for Vichy soring^, Saratoga Spring bim>
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake Porno Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierlev's Rnnt
"•"•». Stt " h^ rl ? Heights. Hullviitiri&n*^-
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino riVv
Fort Bragg, Westport, '.' al, \Viliet u"?o &
veto. Laytonviile. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
ns£ T toMonday ronnd-trlp ticket?atre4uoea
ro°n n d S CTafa?lWMel etB to ■" point - •»-
Manager. Oe^faJlY^
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. 189 i
" * WEEKDAYS.
SUNDAYS.
ftiyiiWii r^io 3^ 16 '- -
_ -■, "• THROUGH TRAINS.
££ix&v?ts* n yzr,-u*\ii£
Li U s><X ITU U & ACTS
When writing for further part'culars to
any of the Health or Summer Resorts la
these columns kindly mention the Call.
IIP! SODA SPRIGS,; '
California's Fainom Mountain Spa!
.' iUvB Yon Been THKBK iiATKLIf.' ;*
1000 feet above Xapa Valley. Climate nn.inr-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, Held and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PostotHce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croqast,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
y^ar. Gbs and running water In every room. Re- ;
lief fo r asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
M-lruG TANK. Au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren s paradise; mothers' dellgnt; husbands' rest.
Address Andrew JACKSON, Napa Soda Spring*
n a n a 1 #\ j% hot sprivob,
II fl j|B |9 II ■ I I Monterey coun-
I fl II ffl IO U Amodca"- Fol
- health,rest,ple&s*
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunga
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the state- Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. -C
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *& Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflee. Foe
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements foe
1896. address B. ROBKKTaON, Manager?
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Retort
in the Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and nnnt-
Ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Tabla
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Staee at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCELET, Llagas, CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
"RECREATION, BEST AND HOME FOR IN-
IX vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking .Napa
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents,
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moua
tain walks are among the amusements, I'ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael, California. * ' : -
FIFTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
Asa Winter resort or home it has no equal la
the world. .
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rate* for Fail and Winter guests. »°'°
_ R. H. WARFIELD & CO.
MADROXE MINERAL SPRINGS ™
WILL BK OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
year. Waters sure cure for all stomach and
urinary troubles. Send for analysis and descrip-
tive pamphlet. Address .Madrone Mineral Springs,
Madrone, Santa Clara County, CaL
HOME REST FOR THu SUMMER.
SUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad °
dre>s P. O. box 226.
IVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS O\?
J-V Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docUio County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent tablu;-
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. /.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
T" BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station: 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANsKN.
. - BAItROAP THAVgia
'. south i-a« ihi coatrAinr.
V*;.fJ (PACIFIC system.)
Train* lfiivc und arc <Ine to nrilie n(
SATf Mtl.\«l.<»lO.
leave — FnoM September 24. 1896. — Ar.r.tvß
•O:OOa NUc-s, San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:45 a;
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kast. . 8:4.1r
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Kumsoy. Sacra-
mento, Orovillo and Redding via
Davis .*. 6:45p
7iO»a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa C:l3p
B:3OANilc3, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone, ? "
Sacramento, Sl villo and lied
Bluff 4:15p
*8: 30 a Peters and Milton »7:15p
9:00 a .New Orleans. Kxpres3,l''resiio,Bakers-
ilold, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles,
Doming, El Paso, N«w Orleans and » =
■East .". 4:43 ,
0:00.v Martinez and Stockton 1 11 :45a
9:00 a VaUejo • «:I3p-
l:OOp Nilcs, San Jose anil Livermore M:43.i
•I:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers »9:OOp
. fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations fJ:43p-
■*:ooi> Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Nap*. Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa 8:19 a,
4:«*p Benicia, Vccaville, Esparto, Wood- . :
, land, Knights Landing, Marys- -' I
yillc, OroTillo and Sacramento. . . . MN43AI
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Livermore and ,
Stockton ....: ;. 7:13p
4:3»p Merced, iJerenda, Raymond (for j
Yosemite)and Fresno, via Mies.. 11:43 a'
5:69p Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa j
Barbara and Los Angeles 10:13 a
si9op .Santa Pa Koute, Atlantic Express
forMojave and East 10:13 a
6:00p Vallejo 11:15 a
G:OUp European Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9: 13a
tl:OOp IlayvranU, Niks and Han Joso 7: 13 a
J7:oop Vallejo : t7:43p
7ioop Oregon Express, .Sacramento, Marys- « -
. villo, Redding, Portland, Puget
. Bonn and Kast 11:13 a.
S AN i A <:it»'Z DIVISION (Narrow KnugO).
:43a Santa Cruz Excursion, banta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations 18i63r
8:1 Newark.Ceiitervillo.SanJoso.Felton, . ,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way *«• *
Stations 3:30p
♦S:l3p Newark, CentervUle, San Jose. New
Alniaden, Felton, Boulder Creek. « • ,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations f «llr2oA.
4:13r Newark. San Jose end Los G'atos.... 9:30 a
■COAST DIVISION (Third & Tuwnseiid !SU.)
•6:43 a .San Joao nnd Way Stations (New i
Almaden Wednesdays only) o:47a i
;7:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and • ■ t
Principal Way Stations £8:35p
•:15a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Roblea, San »■> •
• Luis Oljispo, Gnadalupe, Surf and
. Principal Way Stations 7:03p ,
J9j47a Palo Alto and Way Stations t»«3op
10:4Oa Joso and Way Stations 3:OOp -
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose, •» * 1
Gilroy, Trcs I'inos, Santa Crua, » ? I ,
Bal'nas,Monterey PaciticGrnve *11h49Jk l
•«:3t»p San Jose, Pacino Grovo and Way ! ,
Stations *l:30p
*4:30p Ban Jose and Way Stations •8: < .to\
5:30 V Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:48 a
o:SOr San Jose and Way Stations «:. <>::i.».v
fl<:43p San Joso ami Way .Stations t7:4."ie.
SAN LKANUUU AM) HVVWAIU>> LOCAL.
<*6:0Oa"1 ( 7.513 a
8:00 a I tO:43A
lO.oSa Melrose, Seminary Park, l^g*
"s.-SSp FitchbETg.SaaLeandro Vi-43p
3:<><>r _ n _ 4:45p
4:OOp Ma O:-I3p
5:30p n lnrirall » v G: ]•*>[>
B:30p ««ywar«s. 7 . J5p
?:<»Op „ S:».-»p
9:00p » Rons luirougU to Nilea.* t io"."iOp
ftll:»sp.J tFromNiles. 1. f tia-OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SXK mKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— - ,
*7:15 9:CO 11:00 a.si. tl:30 *2:00 13:00
•1:00 . t6:00 *6:00 p.m. t
From OAKllHD— Foot of Broadw»v.— - •6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tI2:CO '1:00 ' 12:00 *3:SO Jl:08
»5:00f.H. .-
. c A. for Morning. P for Afternoon
" Sundays excepted. - * t Saturdays only,
..... ■_. X Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Satur-lay nights only. '
A -rf- f -L.*
Aticintic
•Trains leave anj arrive t: fe^^^^^^^)l
SASTA FE.EXPJ.ESS. -^^ffl
To Chicago via A. * ''-^S^^Jto^lli
ptfZf B Very . day at 5p ' M carry. <■- Inlimaa
hol.t % r a. X room ? lM MM. aSsoModwilp-
an I 'hlddin/^H**. sl t ei)in K- cars - Wth clean lln<?n
!^«.,, h. in f» nd ln coarse of a porter, run daily
We ? n h ve°rkndT^Si, Kan9aS «^ Annexed .
Personally conduct**! Boston Kxcnrslons via
Kansas City, Chicago, ilontrea! and Si " White
Jiou.itnins leave every Wednesday
The best r&ilway from CnlUornfa to the Ease .
>ew rails, new ties: no dust: in 'erestlnr scenery*
«nd good meals in Harvey's din.n -rooms. '* '
San Francisco Ticket Office. 644 Market
?«*;. ?? n d? le Huildi "B. Tcle«.hnnaMala
1531. Oakland, Ills Broadway.TROOPS REVIEWED
BY GENERAL MILES
Evolutions on the Parade
Field at the Pre
sidio.
i, • .
ARTILLERY, INFANTRY.
Light Batteries Going on a
. . Gallop Made a StunniDg
Picture.
THE MISHAPS OF THE HOTJB.
Py'namite. Plant, Mortar Batteries
and :fligh-Power Guns to Ba
• Inspected Tc-Day.
The review of troops at the Presidio
yeaterday afternoon in honor of Major-
General Miles was a rive display. It had
color, -life -and dabh. Two horses of a
caisson went. down when the light bat
teries were going across the field at full
gallop. The rider sayed himself by a
quick jump. The accident, or mishap,
caused a flutter *of subdued shrieks from
the ladies, who dimly saw the steeds go
down in a cloud of dust.
The lively airs of the Fifth Artillery and
First Infantry bands, the fast riding of
aids and orderfies, the superb marching
of the infantry and foot artillery, the
swift evolutions of the light artillery and
the picturesque effect of officers of high
rank in full uniform all lent their aid to
make the scene picturesque and ani
mated.
Early in the 4 y a Lr.ttaiion oi the First
Infantry, utiQt-i command of Captain
John J. O'Connell, came over on the
bteamer from Anyel Island to join the
coJumn for review. The two battalions
stationed at Alcatraz were also brought to
tne peninsula, and the battery at Fort
Mason was in iine along with, the troops
quartered at the Presidio.
The Fifth Artillery was formed in three
battalions. The first battalion, com
manded by Major John A. Darling, con
sisted of Batteries A, I, C and L. The
second battalion, commanded by Captain
Benjamin K. Roberts, was composed of
Batteries M. E and B. The light artillery
battalion— Battery D, Captain Thorp, and
Battery X, Cantaiu Reilly — was com
manded by Major Tuliy McCrea. The en
tire column was under command of Gen
eral Graham.
The review was announced for 2 o'clock,
but the major-yenera! did not reach the
field urltil iiuy-rive minutes later. Mean
while the ladies were expressing sympathy
for the soldiers who had to stand in line,
and no doubt the men in the ranks enter
tained reciprocal sympathy for the spec
tators.
General Miles lost but little time in
alighting from his carriage and mounting
aaorse. He presented aline figure on horse
back. The spectators exclaimed, "Whut
a tine-rooking man.' When the general
came to the reviewing stand the light ar
tillery saJute of fifteen guns was fired, the
number prescribed by tne army regula
tions for a major-general commanding the
army. The major-general, with less than
au army to command, gets the proverbial
uniucicy n urn her of thirteen. After the
salute General Miles, accompanied by Col
onel Shafter, commanding the depart
ment, and followed by Major Edward
Field, Major Hoff, surgeon; Major Stephen
W. Groesbeck, judge-advocat* ; Captain
Miohler and First Lieutenant Frank
Oreene. signal corps, made the tour of the
field. CoJonel O. D. Greene, adjutant
;,'e:ieral, and Colonel A. S. Kimball, chief
quartermaster of the department, attended
tue-revjew as spectators.
After tne column had passefi in review
General Graham, commanding the post,
suggested that the light batteries should
do a turn in the field. Evidently General
Miies was gratified at the suggestion.
Once the batieried wen: around on a trot
and then at a full galop. When going at
a runmne pace a horse attached to one of
the rear caissens of Battery F failed to
The Troops All Went By at a Walk and Then the Artillery Came Round Again on the Trot and Then at a Gallop; Colonel Shafter
• • Was by General Miles' Side as the Batteries Thundered Pastt
._~-_-.~^.. _^^_ _ -....-....'^... .._-_:,C.-.-:- ,.- -■'-■-:-."- -- - — " - • • • SEW to-day. . .::,., "'■- - * •; " .-;..'.-
SPECIAL SALE!
SOME STRONG LINES IN SEA-
SONABLE GOODS.
lOO'dozenWell-made* BLEACHED
PILLOWCASES, 45x36 inches
ready for us-, 15c value. On lAn
special sale at X\J\j
45 dozen FINE GRADE HEM- •
STITCHED PILLOWCASES,
45x36 inches, ready for use, -IXp
\ value 25c. On special sale at. xO\j
2 cases DOUBLE-BED WIDTH
" SHEETING, 82-inch, un-
bleached, line thread, heavy
make, 20c fabric. On special 1K o
sale af. 10lj
45 pieces HEAVY CREAM TA-
BLE DAMASK, this is a pure
• linen, Irish-made fabric, value O%
50c. On special sale at OOKj
20 " pieces EXTRA GRADE
• BLEACHED DAMASK, a
splendid grade, value 75c. On KXn
special sale at.... OO\j
200 dozen 3-4 DINNER NAP-
KINS, 21 inches square,
bleached Irish linen, value
 $1 5Q a dozen. .On special sale A A
LADIES' BLACK COTTON
MOREEN SKIRTS, extra
wide, bound in velvet, valueQl f\(\
'■'• •$1 50 each. On special sale atv •*-•"'-'
LADIES' FAST BLACK
% SATEEN SKIRTS, wide •
width, well made, 'value $1 25 OX
;■ each. On special sale at Ouu
400 pieces SHIRTING CALI-
I' COES, " full standard.. On  A n
. .special sale \rt\j
500 pieces NEW DARK ''FLAN- '.'.
\ NELETTES, the new rich *•
; Persian effects, very effective. 1A«
•;. Ou special sale at xUI/
NOTABLE j VALUES!
;■«/■ ■■',■•' ■■■'.■•-- ■ .. "— ' • •
A Grand Line of MEDIUM AND
• DARK FLANNELETTES
: AND TENNIS FLANNELS.. ~ n
- On special sale at .."..«.." * ; Oij
An Elegant Line of FINE '
; FRENCH FLANNELS, new
v fall coloring;*, all tide wool. QX/»
1 Special price ...»:.... • 000
250 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD DOT-
TED SWISS, for curtains,
etc., 36 inches wide, value for 1 •)1~
i 20c On special sale at x£j\j
. V? if Nlurphy Building, / t
. Market and Jones Sireefs.
iildlfvul uilll ullliOo tiliOGu.
keep up and fell in the strussle. Had the
failing steed been well up in front there
would have been a pretty mess. There
was spine enough in the dash of the .light
artillerymen to recall incidents of real
action.
In another turn around the field a ser
peant was dismounted and slightly hurt.
His horse ran away and did not stop run
ning until he goi outside of the reserva
tion. Later in the day a little girl was
knocked over but escaped unhurt.
Gsneral Miles was highly pleased with
the review, and particularly delighted
with the evolution" of the light artillery.
He will inspect the dynamite guns, tne
mortar batteries and thetwelve-incb rifles
this afternoon. It was on the programme
to look at the pneumatic plant yesterday,
but there wa3 nOt sufficient time after the
review.
It is said that seventeen horses working
in the li«-ht batteries have been con
demned, buc that the quartermaster's de
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
HANDKERCHIEFS!
At 5 Cents Each.
600 dozen LADIES', MISSES' AND
CHILDREN'S HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS. In white lawn
and lace insertion or edged, revered
and colored borders, regular pries $1
per dozen, will beofferedatsceach.
At S'/S Cents Each.
500 dozen LADIES' SHEER AVHITE
LAWN HEMSTITCHED EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, with lace
insertion or Spanish work (slightly
imperfect), ro^ular price 12%r;, 15c and
20c, will be offered at B^c each.
At 15 Cents Each.
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE SHEER
LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, regalar
price $3 per dozen, will be offered at
15c each.
At 25 Cents Fach.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SHEER
LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, regular
price $6 per dozen, will be offered at
15c each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
At 85 Cents.
300 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, ia
black only, regular value $1, will be
offered at 35c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
284 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs and large buttons, colors and
black, regular value $1 25, will be offered
at 75c a pair.
At $1.00.
U0 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
■GLOVES, colors red, tan and brown,
regular value $1 50, will be offered at
$1 a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 15 Cents.
ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS, 3^
inches wide, in a.^sorteJ colors, value
25c, will be offered at 15c.
At 25 Cents.
ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS, 4^
inches wide, assorted colors, value 35c,
will be offered at 23c.
At IVi Cents.
No. 12 2-incli ALL-SILK SATIN AND
GROS GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted
colors, value 15c, will be offered at 7J^c.
I Martel ai Jones Streets.
parrment has not consented to authorize
tbe purchase of serviceable horses. This
may account for the inability of some of
tbe hordes to keep in line.
The statement was recently telegraphed
from Washington that the Filth Artillery
had served the customary time at Uns sta
tion. An examination of the record shows
that the Secorib" Artillery was stationed
here from D.cember, 1865, to December,
1872, spven r^ars*; the Fourth Artillery
from 1872 to 1881, nine >'ear 3; the First Ar
tillery lrom December, 18S1, to May. 1890,
nine years the Fifth from May, 1890, un
til the present time, six years and four
months.
ROYCE IS ACQUITTED
Declared Nor Guilty of Embezrling
Fundi of the Veterans' Home
Association.
A jury in Judge Trout t's court yesterday
declared C. E. X, Koyce not guilty of em
bezzling $'_>050 from the Veterans' Home
Association.
This verdict practically er.ds a once
famous case. Koyce is the ex-secretary of
the Veterans' Home Association who a
coup'.e of years ago was found in a
lodging-house wounded nigh uuto death,
but in inch a mystenotiH manner that tor
a long time the nature of his injuries
could not be d termined. It was finally
discovered that he had shot himself in the
top of his iiraa.
During his convalescence a shortage of
almost $20,000 was discovered ia his ac
counts wita the association. He has
been twice tried on the c arts of embezzle
ment, being found guilty the first time,
but, i aving been granted a new trial by
tbe Supreme Court, be is now acquitted.
The other charges ag.iinst him will prob
ably be dismissed, and the only recourse
the association now has is in the civil
courts.
Another Suit Against Kelly.
Harry Shepard, w ho was one of tbe roomers
in tbe lodging-bouse at 22 Fifth street, which
collapsed f.nii killed 'several people in June
last, yesterday sued S. Kelly et al. for (£IO,OOO
damages for personal injuries sustained by
reason of the accident.
—
The successful termination of our great $300,000 Closing-Out
Sale leaves us with ample room for the proper display of our
MAGNIFICENT NEW FALL STOCK, advance importations of
which were shown last week and evoked unbounded praise from
multitudes of admiring visitors.
The present week opens with a still more complete display as
the result of mammoth shipments received during the past few
days, and in inviting an inspection of the PEERLESS COLLEC-
TIONS OF RARE AND EXCLUSIVE STYLES AND NOVELTIES
EXHIBITED we offer an additional attraction in the shape of the
following choice lines
AT SPECIALLY LOW PRICES!
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At 35 Cents.
2 oases 38-INCH ALL PURE WOOL
IMPORTED FANCY WEAVES,
worth 50c, will be sold at 35c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
2 case* 47-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH
STORM SERGE, worth 75c, will be
offered at 50c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
2 cases 43-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH
MOHAIR, worth 75c, will be offerea
at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
2 cases 48-INCH, FRENCH BOUCLE,
extra good value for $1 25, will be sold
at 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
25pieres 54-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-
WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT, worth
$1 50, will be sold at $1 a yard.
At $1.25.
20 pieces MOHAIR CREPONS, in the
latest designs, worth $1 75, will be sold
at fl 25 a yard.
\m[M Murphy Building, Jf
Market and Jones Streets.
SUPERVISORS ARE
PLACED ON TRIAL
Must Answer the Charges
of Malfeasance in
Office.
IMPANELING A JURY.
Eight Men Secure! to Hear the
Evidence as to Their
Actions.
JURYMEK'S QUALIFICATIONS.
Talesmen May Not Entertain Hostile
Feelings Toward Large Cor
poratiocs.
The trial of Supervisors Benjamin, Dun
ker, Scully, Morgenstern, King, Hughes
and Wagner for malfeasance in office be
pan yesterday before Judpe Sea well. The
Solid Seven were indicted by the Grand
Jury for having reduced the ricures of
Assessor Siebe, who appraised thq fran
chises of the Spring Valley Water Works
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
At 25 Cents.
76 pieces 44-inch ALL-WOOL NAVY
STORM SERGE, regular price 50c, will
be closed out at 25c a yard.
At 40 Cents.
37-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY DRESS
GOODS, in boucle, plaids ana matalesse
tffects, will be placed on sale at 40c a
yard.
At 50 Cents.
54 pieces 40-inch HEAVY ALL-WOOL
NOVELTY CHEVIOTS, newest de-
signs and colorings, will be placed on
saie at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
31 pieces 38-incb FINE ALL-WOOL
BOUCLE PLAIDS, elesrant colorings,
will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
42 pieces 46-inch ALL-WOOL ETAMINE
CHECKS, raised effects, will be placed
on Bale at 75c a yard.
At $1.25.
27 pieces 48-inch ALL-WOOL ENGLISH
TWILLED COVERT SUITING, in
tan, preen, brown and gray, mixed
colorings, will be placed on sale at
$1 25 a yard.
Ij[j Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
ana several other corporations at about
their real value.
General J. H. Dickinson and J. C. Camp
bell represented the accused City fathers,
while District Attorney Barnes and his
assistant, Mr. Hosmer, looked after the in
terests of the prosecution.
The morning was consumed in examin
ing talesmen as to their qualifications to
serve as jurors in the case. Almo?t the
entire venire wasexhausted when the time
arrived for the noon recess, and, as the ac
cused Supervisors were obliged to attend a
meetine of the board during the afternoon,
further proceedings were postponed until
this morning.
Mr. Barnes had few questions to put to
the talesmen examined. He asked if the
prospective juror was a personal friend or
acquaintance of any or all of the accused
and if he was interested in or influenced
by any large corporation. Mr. Campbell,
for the defense, was more particular. He
had to be assured that the talesman was
not opposed to the existence of large cor
porations simply because they are large;
that he was not prejudiced against the ac
cused by newspaper accounts or other
wise; that he would not be influenced by
the fact that the Grand Jury bad indicted
the Supervisors, and many other thats.
He also wanted to know if the man being
examined owned any slock of any corpo
ration, if he knew bupervisor Taylor and
if he belonged to any civic federation.
Eight men successfully answered the
queries propounded and were accepted as
jurors, subject, however, to peremptory
challenges by Attorney CamDbell when
court opens this morning. Following are
the names and residences of those selected:
Chris Knoburan, 2031 Fillmore.
£. A.kus, 1126 Buchanan.
H. Levy, 922 Eidy.
Max Armer, 306 Sacramento.
Charles Wiener, 390 Sixth.
John Titus, 1040 Army.
J. C. Walters, 3028 Washington.
M. Hasbapan, 506 Sixth.
LYNCH'S NEW PAPER.
After a Long Ke§t the Veteran Editor
Will Start a Handqnme Weekly-
Journal of Opinion.
J. 0. Lynch, for many years editor and
proprietor of the Los Angeles Herald, is
at the Lick, and has completed arrange
ments tor starting a new weekly journal
in Los Angeles. He has had this in view
for a long time, in fact ever since He re
linquished his interest in the Herald. He
has now had two years' rest, and fs going
to get back in the traces. The first num
ber is to be issued the next day after the
election, as the editor purposely desires to
avoid the campaign and the dull business
of summer.
"It will bo a sixteen-page paper with
four columns to the page, and be largely
a journal of opinion," said Mr. Lynch.
"It will have halt- tone pictures and
special features in colors, as occasion may
demand. I may say it will be up to the
extreme of the realistic. In politics it will
be independent. After being twenty
seven years under tbe glare of the gas
light in the editorial-rooms of morning
papers I could not well keep out of the
profession forever, and so after two years,
during which I have attended to some
private business, and taken as much of a
rest as I want, I am going to return to it."
Judge Belcher's Sentences.
Judge Belcher yesterday sentenced Joseph
Stewart to three years In State prison for
grand larceny. Lewii Raveiles got three
months in the County Jail for assault with a
deadly weapon.
John Webber pleaded gruilty to assault to
commit grand larceuy. He wilt be sentenced
on Saturday.
Claiborne Geta Damages.
A jury In Judge Hunt's court yesterday
awarded John B. Claiborne Jr. $1000 dam
ages for personal injuries sustained in a street
car accident on the Sutro road. He sued for
$10,000.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and Jewels at Uncle
Hums', 16 Grant avenue.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 35 Cents.
85 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' UNLAUN-
DRIED WHITE SHIRTS, made with
double backs and re-enforced linen
fronts, extra value for 65c, will be
offered at 35c each.
At 65 Cents, v.
20 dozen MEN'S STANLEY SHIRTS,
with laundried collars and cuffs at-
tached, regularly sold at $1, will be
offered at 65c each.
At 50 Cents.
96 dozen MEN'S SANITARY WOOL
AND HEAVY MIXED CAMELS'
. HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, special value, usual price 85c,
will be offered at 50c each.
At $1.00. *'**'
55 dozen MEN'S MIXED AUSTRALIAN
WOOL AND CAMELS' HAIR UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war-
ranted non-shrinkabie, regular price
$1 50. will be offered at $1 each.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 25 Cents.
150 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE,
double knees, heels and toes, Herms-
dorf black, unbleached and black feet,
worth 40c, on special sale at 25c a pair.
At 20 Cents.
I2s.dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON HOSE, high-spliced heels and
toes. Hermsdorf black, worth S3^c,
on special sale at 20c a pair. .
At 25 Cents. '
125 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK
MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-
spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf
black, worth 40c, on special sale at.2sc
a pair.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS. *
At 25 Cents. * \
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundried
collar ana cuffs, full sleeves, yoke back,
will be offered at 25c each. -
At 50 Cents. • ' . '.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of
good quality percale, in all fancy
shades, latest style Roods, with bishop
sleeves, worth $1 and $125, will be"
offered at 50c each. ;
At 75 Cents. *
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and
cuffs, "Staple v waist.' all fancy shades,
regular price $1 25 and $1 50, 'will be
offered at 75c each. - * •
{£{/ Murphy Building, J .
Market and Jones Streets.
llMMlillMlllllllllllllJlllfSllMllMllMlip
I ' ' . * •■■: Is
|« ' ■ "Takes the Cake." : |
p is
U Mill Tj ■ a xUsgS^
i PLUG i
H You may have money to 1
1 burn/ but even so, y6u needn't |
== throw it away* For 10 cents you p=
I get almost twice as much "Battle " m *
£3] fij|
1 Ax >y as you do of other high grades -i
Irt p
M tor the same money* . . I
SH. G-IJY «^
HERB PHYSICIAN of the
FLOW..RV KINGDOM. J& 3&
IS OfQREATEMI- H& '■
i-L nence and learning, fcgfe**'"** I **®*
having long experience in &T ' .
the Imperial Hospitals of f ~' .m I
China. He has practiced JL 'L^ r^ U
his profession in America IH *** . t^ B "
for 15 years and cured tnou- Vi „ \ •
sands of sick and afflicted. U " «*♦» ' B ■
He guarantees a cure of all ' \ g-«^h» / \ .
diseases of men, women \ ' J
and children where cure Is JISL' _>C
possible. No matter if oth- tr^L"_~' ""J'.fL^
ers have failed to cure yon,
try DR. GUY. Everybody
Invited to call. Consulta- ~"'^ m '*^7:'
Mob ism. Offl.es— 831 KEABNY ST., bet.
Washington and Jackson. - ■■. •
E J
mi inn i— Ma—^m*/Q F v&/
J*Q MARKET &T.S.F:%a/
SILK DEPARTMENT!
At 40 Cents a Yard.
.30 pieces FANCY FIGDRED SILK, two-
toned effect, pood value for 60c, will
be offered at 40c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
40 pieces DRESDEN FIGURED AND
BROCADED TAFFETA, new designs,
and shadinjts, good value for $1 25,
will be offered at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
20 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN,
large designs, heavy quality, good
value $1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
15 pieces 24-INCH BLACK SATIN
DUCHESSE, extra heavy, soft finish,
food value for $i 50, will be offered at
1 a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
100 pieces COLORED SILK VELVET, in
all tbe latest shades and tints, close
fiile, perfect finish, will be offered at
1 a yard.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
At $5.00.
LADIES' BOX JACKETS, in black, navy
aud brown cheviot, high neck, storm
collar, price' ss 00.
At $5.00.
LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKET,
two-Dutton box front, lap pockets,
storm collar, colors black and navy,
price f5 00.
At $7.50.
LADIES' PLUSH RIPPLE CAPE, lined
with, silk serge, handsomely beaded,
storm collar, trimmed with martin fur,
price ?7 50.
At $7.50.
LADIES' BOUCLE JACKET, box front,
storm collar, coat back, half-lined with
silk serge, colors black and navy, price
$7 50.
At $2.00.
LADIES' GORED SKIRTS, large and
small, figures, lined with percalin© vel-
vet binding, price $2.00.
ytif Murphy Building, ./
ffiartet ani Jones Streets.
qHSSWND
TS THE- VERY BEST I XX TO EXAMI^TB
X your eyes and fit them" to Spectacles and By Z
glasses with instruments of bis own invention,
whoso superiority has not been equaled, iiy maZ
cess has been due to the merits of ii.y work
Office Hours— l 2 to Ap. v.
COSMOFOIjIT A. IST.
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Saa
Francisco, ("al.— '1 he most select family hotel la
the city. i Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 pec
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Koonu 5J*
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Xooic for the coach bearing the name of the Oils.
moooUUn Hotel. • WM. I' A.IM V, fieprittbU*.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
fcVMMAK* OF THE JUAivik.x.l^
, Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures still higher.
Barley advancing.
<s Larger receipts of Oats. , r '.
• * Corn and live unchanged. « .
Large White rea • firm. * .
Hay ra"lie,r steadier.
>* Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes arrive heavily. •
' "Vegetables still cheap.
9 . Sutler, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
a Poultry* depressed. . •
Grapes lower and dull . •
Dried Fruit still advancing.
Provisions unchanged. • « .
Explanation.
The arrow flies wah he wind. The top figures
a' sta:ion indica t maximum tempera- ur- for ;b°
days; those underneath It. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hui.dredths.
during the pust twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, conn'-ct poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotltd lim-s, equal temp.-rature. The
word "hieh" means hi^h I aromeiric pressure and
fs usually. accomoanipd by fair wea 1 her: "lo«"
r« fers 10 low pressure, and is u-ually precc-iled
and accompanied .by clou ly weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the U'uabiDcton
roast. Wh'-n :he pressure is high in th» interior
and low along tbe coas , and the isobars extend
north and south alone th,- coa-a. rain is probable;
but wiien ihe "1. w" Ms inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in he vie, nity of Idaho, and
me pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather nay be exported n summer and coder
weather in'winter. The reverse' of these conditions
will produce an opposite resul:.
WEATHER BI'KEAD RKPORT.
■ UsrrTKT) States Dkpaetment ok Aoricult
' IFRE, WeAtheb BURKAI*, sak Francisco. pt.
• 28, .896. 6 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:. " <■'■■, :•
° The following maximum temperatures are re
o ported from stations in ('ali'.ornia to-da.-:
Eureka 58, Red Bluff 86, -an Francisco 69,
Fresno 86, San Luis obiapo. 68, Los Angeles 78,
ban Diego 70, Yum.ilOO.
o /-an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 54 m an 56 * •
• Xiie pres-unt' h s falien rapidly during the past
twenty-four hours over the stern half o the
(ountr-. An area of "on- pressure is develop
•* over Arizona aid eastern California and will prob
ably move rapidly northward through the . ient
val.eys 'Inesday. Another ar>'a of low pres-ure
lies over .Montana lhe temperature hns fallen
along .he northern coast and in the San Joaquin
valley. It bus risen over Utah and Nevada. '
There has been a remarkable increase In cloudi
ness along the coast. Light rain has iallen at lon
Can by and Seattle.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
c ending u.idnight. September .9, 1896:
a Northern California — Clouds and unsettled
weather Tuesday, with conditions iayorubie fur
%i zhi showers in nor hern portion; fresh north
westerly winds; fog 0.1 the coast.
Southern California— « oudy Tuesday morning;
• fair :be rest of the day ; fresh westerly winds.
a— Cloudy Tuesday.
. U.tkli — C'ou.ly and threatening Tuesday.
• a rizona— Cloudy in the eastern por.ion Tuesday :
<<alr in the wiest-ru portion. : :<:. :
San FsancUco a:id vicinity — Cloudy and
threateni weather Tuesaay : fresh northwesterly
winds; fpg on ihe coast. -.<. „ •
.* . A LEX A. VI) G. MCADIX.
• Local Forecast Otncial.
o . nCW VOKK JIAKKEIS.
I iiißiicia'.
* vkv YoRK, N. V., Pept. -The tendency
of the prices during the greater part of the day
was d ward. Profit taking was mainly re-
sponslble for the reaction, and an advance in Hie
" posted and aciual rates of sterling exchange, the
poor statement for Augus; made by some of the
leading roads and a reduction male in .he pri « s of
. refined sugar were also contributing factors. The
advance fa sterling exchange and t->e higher rates
for discounts in London created an impression
that the movement of gold was over, temporarily
at least* and in the absence of details little
credence was placed in the London rumor of a
■probCble shipment ot $5,000.000 g0id to -New Yoric
' this week.
• The unfavorable developments referred to In
duced some selling for the si: on account, and close
observers of the market's course were of the opin
ion that the bear interest had been lonsideraoly
extended during the session. The grangers and
the industrial-, received the principal attention of
professional operator*, St. Paul declining a point
to 71!% and bu »r to 1113/4. The report tb»t
. Southern capi'.a Uts nad secured the > amden re
finery and intend d to consolidate it with interests
opposed to the rus- found few bell-vers in trade
circlet.. -T-he rumor of a further reduction In re
fined jate in the week, However, led to iresh sales
in the afternoon trading.
Other specially weak stocks we're Miinha tan,
Burlington, Chicago Gas and Tobacco, and at one
time these showed losses of l@li /a per cent. A ear
the close & firmer tone prevailed and a rally of 14
°@'Vs P er ceni "followed, he recovery was s at
■ trib. ted to covering of snort contracts, Specula
• tionleftyff tirm. Aei changes show declines Of
0 "Vitals/* per tent; the latter in Burlington. Jn
the inactive issues I.liuul.s Steel fell 1 i/j. to 46,
while tit. haul . referred jumped 2to 129 y 2 . ': o;al
sales were 184,447 shares, including 33,400 bu
Paul, 31.8JU -usar and 21,b00 Burlington. |
T'-e bond market was very firm and the total
sales were $1, 2u2,0 0. Burllugton, Cedar Hapids
•nd Nortneru lives rose i% to »05: L'o.orad ■> Mid
land and Consolidated fours certificates, 1 to 17;
Chicago, St. Louis and New Orleans golu fives, 2
to 1.6. K'di.Hoii illuminating Consolidated fives,
1 to 108: Erie prior Hen fou.s. 2 to 89 Jri-n
.Mountain g.nera: lives, 2 to 74: Lou.avllle and
Nashrille nnihed Jours, I*4 to 7^14; Kansas and
.Eastern lives, i% .0 91; Mobile uul Ouio fouis,
2 to b'3i£: Virgiui.. Midland general lives,
stamped, o .0 96, ad St. Pau:, Chicago and Mis
souri ltiver fives. 1% 10 106.
In Government bonds $2000 coupon fives told at
niy».
, • < rain.
FLOCK— Firmer; fair demand. Winter wheat,
low grades, 91 fcO(g,2 75: do, fair to fancy, $2 6o«j
3 45; do, patents, $6 BU@4: Minnrsoiac.ear*,«'2 60
r4B 2»: do, etraign.s. $3 10@3 65: do, patents,
$4 40@4 6ii; low extras, $1 90^- 75: ci y mills
S3 15(gi3 90; do, patents, *4 lu@4t!& rye mix
tures, $2 80@3 2U; su^erline, $1 6..(a.2 20; fine,
91 40@ - 10. live Jlour, steady ; f 40*2 85.
CUb.\JIK I,— steady. Yellow Wenum, $2. •
KVt- Dull; firm. -Western. 43^c f. o. b.
• BARitY-Quiet, 3184 c; feeding. 27»Ac.
WHKAI- bpot markti quiet, firm, witu options;
\.f>. b. 7t>i^|C: ungraded rev, 63<a.tf7c; No. 1 North
ern, 73% c
Optio..<j opened weak and declined li/ 8 c on eas-
i er.cables, for- igh selling, increased s.ucics, bear
ish crop news, with the West weaker and longs
realizing!, tcvanc d 134@^c on the decreased vi,-
Ible and better West, closing firm at 84c over §*•
urday, with a fair trade. December and May u-ost
active. .No. 2 Ked cosing: March, 761/ic; May
76c: >epn-mber, 7.3/ gC; octooer, 7.8/gc, Novem
ber, "214 c: Deceiub^r. 73i/4c. .
L'UK.i- up- ions firm, active; No. 2, 27V«3a"iAc
elevator; l!b@^BV4,- alloat. " /v ~
Options decline.! s/, with the West and easier
cables, rallied Vi@»/8C with wheat and firmer
West, and closed firm at unchanged prit.es, with a
moderate trade. Dv.cemb r most active. Septem
ber, V.Y^'' 01 *'. .7^4c: uecemoer, l!BWic
May, Sli^c. 7 *
Oal>i -.-.pot, moderately active.
<;< lions dull; nominally unchanged. September
20*4 c; October, 21c; December, a2c
• lot price*: .No. v, alt-; No. 2 white,
24Vic; .No. -2 Chicago, 2js,4c: .-so. '3, 19V*c-
No. » white, 22c; mixed Western, 20@22c; white
do, 20@29c * ■ ■ ■
. ' 2 rovinlon*.
LAUD— Firmer, better demand. Western swum,
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YOBK STOCKS.
* WMBhLOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St.. Tel. Main 1954.
branch orrrcn " '■' ' '■ ' '
623 Market Bi., Palace • Hotel. TeL Mala 5828.
PURDY & ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest ' market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, .->. F. ■
CHICAGO. PRIVAX K WUtIL YOBK.
54 17Vj: city, $3 75; September. $4 17%: nomi
nal. R Itn-d, quiet: rontipent. *4 60: >outh
America. $• 75. < tompoun 1 , '■ T'g-^4a
I'i'llk — Strong; fair demand. New mess,
17 75@8 60.
Kill XX— Fancy, firm: fair demand. Western
•lairv. 7VS«'s> ! 'lc: do creKnv-rv. 11® 6c: do factory,
7@loVs^; klulns. 16--. imitation creamery, 9<£llc.
CHKESK— DuII, held steady. Pur skims, : @6c.
*.UGS — Firm. Icehouse, 1 @lSi' 2 : Wehiern,
frash, 1 l'Vi(s 18c : do V case. M 1. @4.
i ALLOW— Firm <-'i-y, 3Va<.': country, 38/ @
B%i*. •
COTTONSEED OIL — Strong: moderate de
mand. Crude, 21c; yellow, prime, 24c.
RUE— Firm, fairly active. Domestic, 3y 2 @sy4c:
Japan, 4Qii/ic
>.• I.AssEsi — Firm, fair demand. New Orleans,
28@37c. ,
C'Or'FKK— Steady: 6 to 15 points down. Sep
tember, ?9 75(a.9 96: October, $9 15 November,
*8 76(2,8 80: ' nee in her, $•> 65@8 70: March,
$8 65(&8 70; May, $8 63@S 70 June, $8 70: Siot
i.i .•.•lull, steady: No. 7, .i.s,-.
M'GAI:- I air;y actlv , 140 lower; off A, 4 3-16
©4140: mold A. 4>4c; standard A, 4Vs< - : con
fec loners' A, 43/ aC; cut loaf an 1 crushea, r.i,4c;
poHoered, 4>4c; ianu.ated. 4y 2 c; cubes, 4%c.
;.*i*iv' *««':<> mi-I'i roil ace.
APRICOTS— Bags, BVi@loc.
PKACHKS«— Peeieti, i., 9 i4c: 11 n peeled, 6@Bc
PRUNES— Four sizes, 6c,
KA ISIN»— •■. loose Muscatel. 4®4%c:
do three-crown. 6J^i(i£s%c: do '.our-crowu. 6i':
London layers, $1 Wax 15: do clusters, $1 26
©1 40.
l»oPS-Qulet: Pacific coast. 3®6Vic.
WOOL- air demand: domestic neece, 16®23c;
pullea, 18ttblc; tmxm, 7«12c.
AieroiiandUs.
PIO IRON— Fairly active; American, $10 25®
12 OJ.
« Ol V - Steady ; In ke. JlO 650110 75.
1 l-.AJ -Bteady;jaomesitc. • •.' 75@J 80.
"JIN- Qll et;s iit-w 12 9 ©13 05.
PL AT Kb— Moderate demand- • '-
tl-jfc.L'l'Jh.K- Unchanged; d •nestle $3 65®3 85
CHiCAGo MARKETS.
CHICAGO. 111., Sept. 28.— The bears In wheat
obtained a slight advantage early this morning.
bat recollections of last week's costly advances
had Hie effect of causing a restraint to sellinn, so
that the early decline was really not so beneficial
to them as it might otherwise have been. At the
first indication of strength severs abandoned the
field and permitted prices o rally unopposed.
.n<-w York estimated the word's shipments for
last week at 9.000,000 bushel?, but mo < onserva
tive figur a placed them a. about 7,8u0,000. The
ac ual flgur s wiliiojt 1 a sia, were t, 394,000
bushels. Tne amoun. on ocean passage increased !
640,000 btiHheis. Ihe visible suppiy returns at
tracted their usual attention, the final resu.t being
a .ecrease of 940,000 bushes.
Thoman issued his repor , estimating the yield
of whiter and spring wheat at 435,000 bushes. I
Receipts In the V nhwest were heavy at 1657 i
cars, against 1108 last Monday an 1 16. >0 a year
ago. 1 til. ag • received 352 cars, and Inspected
out 177,431 busiiclH. Liverpool opening cables
were V*d lower, doing on- s were Id lower, and
Continental mnrke.s all quoted declines Export
clearances were moderate at 201.bb'6 l.ushels.
The marvel ruled very strong during the alter
I portion o the session, the visible .supply decrease
I being considered extremely 'bullish, tie. ember
i wheat o.enea fnm 65Vs c 10 653 /g c, advanced to
! 68c. closing at 67-li , l.' ;b c hi .her luan on Satur- !
1 day. Estimated r. ceipt, for to-morrow 295 cats.
1 COH.s- Trailing in nil «rtl;i was ,<9lnc.«o In
[ volume, and the transactions bore no mans of
j Htrengib- Tne tour was aim lar to hat noted In
j »h.-«t, and mas d«?r ved from that grain. Receiuts
I wereiieavyal 1162 cars, and 727.008 bushes were
taken :rom »tore. Liverpool cables were quoted
I 1/2& lower. The visible supply decreased .0.1, 00U
| bu*nels, and the amount on ocean pasnaee (<UO,OOO
bushels. Thoman r-s. in. ated the yield o; c-urn for
1896 at 2,502.000.0 M bushels Export clear nice*
were heavy at 427 000 uustjels. May corn opened
at -6V»c, sold between i^jc an . 2. tna,'ii a /^c. clos
iii;: at -- R-gc bd, 3 c hUber than baturday. Esti
mat. receipts 101 to-morrow lUII > cars.
OATS— Were affected by the movement of wheat
and corn prices- An easy opening was sue cede.l
by some steadiness and even tir...ues-. Business,
was. howev. r, quiet and toe market lacked energy.
Receipts wer* 667 cars and 95,000 bushels were
taken from store The visible sup; y decreased
491.1/00 bushels. omen estimated the oats crop
of 1*»B at .',5,000,000 bushels. 1 oils were j
light at 24,696 bushels. Ma. oats cosed i/ 818 1 higher
, than M,ur ay. Estimated receipts for to-morrow I
650 cars.
I'L X — Was firm. Cash, 7."<3.74c; September,
71^<ic: Decen ber. 7« ! y4<ia.7sc, c.osinir at 74%0 i
asked; May, 7^3 /4 t}i.hoc. Rec-lpta i. 4 cars.
PKOVIIO.MS-Wert influenced to aiareeex
tent by grain. Local speculators availed them- |
senes of the strength of whe .1 to bid 1 nct-s up. 1
Opening trading was with an easy eeliug. but later ]
! belt- r priesi es wer- established. At the close Janu- j
I ary pork was 6c under tsaiuruay, Jannur" lard •-'Va
i @s<. higher and January ribs a shade lower.
j UL'TIKR- Fancy .radei of bu ter were n brisk
demanJ and firm in-day. Tiie pjorer grades were
slow and no: more thans.ead,-. Receipts were
moderate.
Creameries— Extras, 15c «* lb: firsts, 13©14 c;
seconds, 10,'al.c; imitations, fancy, 120.3 c.
ualriea— Extras, 13c: firsts, H(iIJC: seconds. 10c.
Ladles— Extras, 9V2«B>loc; flrsia, 8»8Vic; packing
stock. t>te7c- grtase. 4(§,5a
EoOS— Were in good demand and firm. Offer
ings showed no increase, fresh stock, 14@141.-2C
per dozen.
iiU-NKY — Was 6&7% on call and 1% on
time loans. .New York exchange bold at 65c dis
count.
Closing; Prlco*.
WHFAT— September. 67%.c; December, 67% c:
May, 71c. * •
COKiN — B*pt«"mber. 216-' B (ailS/ic; December,
22 Vie; May, 56/ B e.
Oal>— >-*rr«>nnjer. 16»,4c; December. l"Vac;
May. li-8/,sl9i*c.
i'OKK-uciober, $S 10: January. 87 la
1-AlU,— October, $3 80: January, *4 15.
i.iiis»- October, So -JO; January. $3 66.
' v v . . Livestock.
TTNTON STOCKY , Ir.i.. Sent. 28.— The
receipts of cattle to-day were' Heavy, and prices,
owing to the fact, declined 10c. Although the
offerings of hogs were heavy, prices In this market
were firm and In some instances Ec t'izher. There
was an excellent demand. Sheep and lambs were
weak.
CATTLE — Receipts. 25,000. Fancy " beeves.
SI 9U@500: choice 10 crime. 1300 to 1700 &> steers,
ti bU/ai-i 85: rood to choice steers, 1200 to 1 600 ID.
*4 lOSOi-u; medium steers, 1000 to 1200 Vb. S/l 90
ifl.4 0$: Shir bee! steers. 960 to ISOO lbs, S3 60
&SH6; butcher steers. S3 15&-* 50; good to choice
siocicert and feeders, $00 to 1250 Ib. *3 4O0;-t9O;
fair to 00l do, 600 to 875 Hi. *2 bu'ivii 35; bolls,
choice to extra, $2 80ia-.'. 10: bulls, poor to choice,
SI 6U(js2 75: cows ana a-.-tfen. cnoirte toextra. S3 30
ig.3 50; cows, lair to choice, 92 25(33 -5; .ows.
common to fair can tiers. $1 10:$2 00; calves, rood
10 choice.. *5 MMa.6 10: calves, common to KOOd,
S3 0()(g,5 40: j lex** crass steers. %i 40Q13 00.
Texas cows and bulls, $1 7502 50; v\ . stern can
ning ateeri, $2 65(54; Western range cows ana heif
ers, %-i litoi'S 25 milkers and springers. «i Head,
$~b(g,il): Western ranee steers, «'- 6O«13 60; West
ern ranK«rß, «-• 15^3 25.
HOOB — Receipts. 45.00 a Heavy paclclm ana
eMpplne lot*. $2 *oa3 'Sy. cotumon to choice
mixed, S2 ao<i: j . 45: choice assorted. S3 450
» 66: llgfau »3 00(a;i6O: plus. SI 50 a* 35.
■ hiitKl*— l;eceipis..2s.Oija. lutttnor to choice,
ill 05(&S1O; iambs, *2 50 L .4 75.
IALIIOHMA FKUIT SAIiBS.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. 2&-Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartlet is, $2 30 per box; Winter Nelis, 96c
per half box; Duchess. 76c Grapes— Toknys, 70c
@$1 60 per single crate: assorted, 60 @«1 20:
Jluscats, 55@9Sc; ortier varieties, tj-(»9(Jc
Peaches— Halw ays, 60@90c per box; Picq:iets
late, 60@80c; other varieties, 60@70c.
CHI. .«UO, 111., Sept. 28 —The arl Fruit Com
pan sold California fruii to-day an foi owi:
(frapes— Tokays, 91 o£@l 45: Sluscats, $1 on®
1 20. Pears-B..rilett $1 BU@2; Cornice. $1 ;vj;
Buerre Clalrgeau, 91 26. Silver Pruues, 90(6)9 jc.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, .Money anil Kail road
Mifir^*.
Money on call easy at 3.34%; last loan a. 3i*j\
and closing offered at S^X- Prime mercantile pa
per, 7@B'-. i»r silver. tis6/ 8 a Mexican dollar^
lOyx^hiyic Sierliri(KXf)jan,* steady, with actual
buatbras in bankers' Mil* at . $4 blVx@>4 M s -i
for 'ixty oays, and $4 84(*4 84V4 for -lemanu.
Pos.ed rales. $4 h'JVb!®* 85. Commercial bills,
$4 KoVk@4 SI 1 /*- Government bonds s.eady. -Maie
bonds dull. Railroad bonus firm. Silver at the
board wan quiet.
ciowixn rTncir*.
/ m Tel ft CaWe.. . . 90 | Norfolk <s Wmtri 9y*
Atchlson ~ 12% Preferred..... 14
Preferred 19^«| Northern Pacific... Ids/.
Adams Express. ...l 43 Preferred. 218/.
Alton. Terr* Haute 06 Northwestern .98%
American Expression Preferred 140
A mertcan Tooacca 63% S. V. Central BiKf,
Preferred 96 N.Y.,chica«o < fcAU joy!
Fay State Gas... . 13% Ist preferred..... 70
Baltimore & Ohio.. 132 id preferred 2644
Brunswick Lands.. %'X. V.<t N. H. . 168
huflnlo, Koch A. t* 17 N. Y. & New Eog. 45
Canada Pacinc....; 59 ' ,N. V., Susq & W... *Va
Canada Southern.. 43Vs| Preferred. 22V*
Canton Land 50% Ontario. - 10
Central Pacific... . 14 Itimario 4 Western 18*4
Ches.«fcOhlo 8 urecon Improvmns 1/4
Chicago Alton. 166 Preierred. —
Preferred 164 ,( regon Navigation 14
Chicago. B. A a... *>>* Oregon Short Lino. 13
Chicago <& E. 1U... SH laciflcMall. 19i/ A
Preferred 83 J eorla. !>.<fc Evans lVi
ChicagoUas J'itt.sbur^ & W. pid 15
C)eve& Pltubnnr..lss Pullman l'alace.. ..145
Consolidation Coal. 8- Quicksilver. ija
Consolidated 0a»..146V2! Preferred. ...I'.'.'. 15 1
C. C. c.ssu LouU 2tt% Krantnc. ." 177/- !
Preferred......... 7* hloOrandViWestn 15 i
Colo. Fuel A iron.. vOi/t. Preferred. . 40
Preferred 0 Kock Island... '. ' t>2y* i
Cotton Oil Cert .... ViV» Rome \V at.tOcaßn.UoV-
Commercial Cable. 140 j W. L. 4a. W.. 3v» i
DeL Hudson 134*41 Preferred.... .. ' b22 I
Del. Lack AWestrn. 153 Vs Hl Pani .. '" 7av« i
Denver &R. U liy*i Preferred.' '"\2,<iZ i
Preferred. 4*l/4 t-i. Paul A Dulutn." L 7
Ilßtl.lers — . Preterred... 77
lit r.eml Electric. . 28y 8 St. Paul A Omaha 38
trie..... 14 Preferred. 119
Pn-ferrea 30% M. P. M. M.!..' 110%
fort Wayne 148 Mlver Certificates 66
-real Northern ptdll 7 1 Sou them Pad no. . 15
Green Bay y2y 2 Soutliern K. R.. him
Hirem. ...;....... 300 (Preferred.. " 2:is?
Hocklne Coal Sugar Refinery '...'. lli&t
Hocklns Valley.... 15V 3 Preferred. p<i3?
Homestake. 34v* '-I*nn. Coal & Iron. »x 3
H.& Texas Cent. j Preferred.. ....... 90 I
Illinois Central..... BOV3 Texas Pacific. . ti7/ R !
lowaCentral.. -'. 1,4 j I oI.A.A.&.VMicn.
Preferreo........ 26 14 1 01. & Ohio Cent. ,-M'
kans-^sdt Texas . 11 ! Preferred. ' 60
Preferred ........ Tol.St.Louls& X.CL t>
Kingston* Pern... 3 ~ Preferred.. .._ 15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. 1896.
Lake fcrle.t Westn 16 Union Pacinc. . 7
Preferred.../..... 65 . IV. P. Den os Ualf . 1%
Lake 5h0re......... 146 L. X Cora age 4 ,4
National Lead •£'£ Preferred 914
Preferred......... 84 Guaranteed l»Va
I.onz Island 66 :C. S. Kjt press .V 6. V 6
Louisville Nash. 4SVs I• ». Leather 9
Loolisville NaJt>Ja 1K 3 Preferred.....:... 68%
Preferred. '.-..... 6 |L. s. Rubber....... 17
WjinnaitaaConsol b7Vii Preferred......... 70
Memphis <t Chart. 16 I tlca &B. River.. 150
Mexican Cen.ral *Vs « »b. b. L. & Pac . -•: 6"/4
Mlchlca- G-n;.ral 80 Preferred. 15V 8
Minn & a L.. ......— Wells-Fareo.. o3
■ Preierred — . Western I moo. »-Sy»
Minn & St. L com. 16 Wisconsin Central. IV*
preterred.... 68 heeling <& L. It .' 6
preferred... 40 Preferred. .. .25
MlMonrl I aclfla... 20% Am Cotton OUpfd. 47
Mobile A Ohio. . IH W. L. Beef 6%
Nashville Chatt. t7% Ann Arbor.... '7
National i.insenl.. 16 Preferred 18%
N.J. Central 103 IrooklynTracUOo. il
Nurtu \uiiericau... 4% Krie ad piu. 18
Ala Class A4s 101 Northern Pao lsts. 11
Do Class 84. 65.. 100 D02d5.. .......... 107
Alabama. cum C. 98 J>or;ds. 67
Atcnison «5. ....... 77 Do con sol 6s"'.".'.'. 46V«
l>o"ds A 35 Olmprovement Ist 74
CauadaSouth2ds..lol Do 5s ... 114
ten Pac laiaof '95.102 CI: A N istk 107
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 | 10 :on<ol 6s"" 88
£° 18»7 10J Or^hortLlne6s...loß
Do 1808 10) locons6s 62
Do 1899 100 raciUc-lsof '97....
Ihes «Oii!o 65....10 d i h.la& eadlug 4s. 75%
t?,^ Klr Rets 8s 40 Do Ist itdlncam. hf>
DC3-655... ....... .109 V* Grande West Ist* 69? i
Den &P. Ist 110 KL&lronMtGen Sj 74
v *i o**0 ** 86 btL&SF Gen 6s. 103
v, !t-^"--V;; 60 *>i lanl C0n5015.. ..1i6
*t\V&DenCitylsts 61% St P C & Pa lsis...H4
°"*» A 101 t-o Carolina 4%5... 8^
Do2d7s 100 southern KH5s... 108
Gen Ele, Deb bs... 88 Do Pac Ca! lsts.. 75
M* lex Cent ft».. 106 TennnewSs 80%
Doeoo6s. 102% Texas Pacific lsts. 19
lowa cen.ral lsts.. 92V 3 Texas Pacific 2d3..100
Kansas Pa Consols U6S4 Union Pac lsts 9U. 1 7
k.» *■» i»u Den divlOS v P4s rpßOt 1 25.117 «
LaConsol4s 90 to 4s, coupon.... 107%
Missouri funding... r F Ah. we of 1907.10b%
MX 3 2*lß2 * 18 . 55 % Do 4s. coupon.... 93
m . I1 *« MVi J025. ....'... 111*4
Mobile Ohio 45.. 631,* Do 65... ...IIIV4
Mutual Union «5... 1061/4 J 06s. c0up0n.... 11l V*
>J Cent Gen .114 \ • funding dew... 67
? »»?"* IjOUIs 4 «l V4| Do registered
Nor*\Vest Gen U5. 115 | ' o deferred 65... 6
« Carolina con 4a.. 96 ' jo trust rcpta st. 4
XVK Vo ** 110 Wabasn Ist 6s 104%
NorthwestCousoli.l33 West Shore 45»... 104
Do deb 5s 105
*OKEIG> MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKBPOOt.
LIVERPOOL, Knu.. Sept. 28-— The spot market
is Quieter. cargoes quiet *»s 3d, September-
October shipment.
FCTCBES.
The Produce Exchanee cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: Sep
tember. 6s b<t: October, 6s 8 1 ; November, 6s
BV4d; December, 6sßy*d; January, 6sß^d.
SKCURITIKS.
LONDON. Eno., Sept. «B —Congo's. 109S/ 8 :
silver. %05-16 d: French Rentes, lOlf 97i£c.
EXCHAMii; ANli BULLION.
Exrha' ge, 60 days ' _ * 4 83
s-terllns: 1 xcliange, tiiKlil " — 4 85
tsterllnc Cable* ." _ 487
.New \ ork Kxcnange, slrht — 06
New ■* ork Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Hue silver, r ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars . 62 t>2Vi
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AMJ O'lb£K GKAINS.
WHEAT— Futures advanced 2c in sympathy
with a rise at Chicago, and spot prices wee also
firm with a continued good -emand. No. 1, SI 07 y2y 2
@1 01334 9 Ct i ; choice, $1 10: lower trades, 95c
(9sl 05; extra none ior milliug, *1 10®l 12^2-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls cock— December—
4000ctls.$l 121,^:2000, $1 H'l,4: 10.000. »1 )•>!>.•
2joj, Cl 12V«: h«>00, SI . 2S.i : 2000, 81 127/«. May
— ll ,0.0, $1 16.
► Xi on d.^kssion— December— 2COO ctis, SI I'_»ia:
600 $1 I+tyL; 10,000, SI 12%. May — 400U,
$1 1. /8
-fiKooLAßMoßNiifo>KssiON—December-24,000
Ct.s, $. 18*4! 14,000, 81 107/ 8 : JO.UOU, $: 1.1/y. :
4000, $1 13Vl- M..> - tOCO, «1 lttS/,; 22,000,
SI .o%; 10.0OJ.Si 16V 8 .
AVTajuiOOa 1-.KBSlON— December— 2ooo ctls,
si i 3v 8 ; 10000, $. 131/4. -000, si iav»; 10,000.
*. la»/,. May-BOjO, 81 I0V4; 4000, «1 loV«;
14.-/00, «1 16. ™
I'.akLKV Both Feed and Brewing are doing
better. We quote Feed. 67V*(i&t>5c > ctl; choice
briirht, 67%. 9 Ctl: BrewU.g. 75<£82y 3 c * CU;
Chevalier, *o^<sisl for .No. 1.
< AM. BOARD SALES.
iNroRMAi. Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
BBCO1I1) >K«aioN— December— 2ooo cils, 74 Vic.
Kki.i-i.ak Mouninu .- h.ssioN — December— hOOO
els. 75c; 4000, 76VsC; 4000, 7&V4C; I'OOU, 76«/ a C;
4000, isVfec
A*-. vrmion Skssion — December— Booo ctls,
76Y4?: 14,1.00, 75VsC: 100U, 743/tc; WOO. 74%e.
O.\iS — . tequlet .vlih Increasing receipts- Black,
forfe«l,7o(a.bOc: .vi.nug, Vic<ei*- I^c .ancy leed,
D2V^@9sc f>. cil: cood 10 choice. 8S» f 92Va«'.: tom
mon o fair, 76(g,80c; Gray, eSKiB7M|C; surprise,
95c«utlO^V 2 -
CORN— Very little trade. Large Yellow, 80©
82VJC; small uouiid do, 85c %i CU; Wiiiie, 76@8uc.
RYE— 6£><&7oc (« ot..
BLCKVv uKAT— Nominal at 80@95c ctl.
FLOUR AND HILLSTVFFS.
FLOUR— Prices have again advanced 16c all
around. Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, fH 90 c 4 05 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 70
@3 80; superfine, $3@3 3a
COKNMKAL. t.TC— Feed Corn. »18 60@19;
Cracked 1 om. $19@19 BO "$ ton.
oIILLSTCFI:' — I'nces In sivolcs nre as follow%
I usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour. 82 10;
j Rye Flour, *2 50; Bice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal,
; $2 10; extra cream do, f 2 75: 1 anneal, $2 90; Or:
> -roars, $3 60: Hominy, $3 10<#3 30: Buckwheat
: Flour, $3 10©3 SO; Cracked Wheat, 76: Fa
liua, $8 60; Whole Wheat Hour, *2 30: Rolled
1 Oats. $3 60: Pearl Uarley, *3 60; split Peas, 96 2u;
Green do, $4 10 s» 100 lbs.
HAY AND FKKDSTUFF9.
BRAN-Sl2 607212 80 forahe best and $11 50$
I 12 ft ion for outside bran-Is.
MIDDLINGS— $15 %i ton tor lower grades, and
! ei6@lß > ton for the best.
FEELSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, «14 50@16: Oil
cake Meal at the null, $21 »< ton: jobbing, K22;
clipped Oats. 97%<@si 06 ft ctl. .
HAY— The advance in v heat and'decreaslng re
i ceipts zlve the market more tone. Wheat is
quotable at $7@9 ■ ton; Wheat and Oat, 86
®6 50: Oat. 45(gi7: Barley. «6@7; l.iver linrley,
*4 &oas: Alf a. fa, 55 60@« 50 for second and
$4 50@6 for first cutting: compressed f G&9; stock,
»4©5. c over, 6@7 50 ton.
bTKAW- bO©asc >. bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
•BEANS— Bayos quotnb c at 85c@j»l IS V- ctl :
Small Whites, 85c&$l 10 it ctl; Pea. 9Sc@
91 16 ctl; Lar«e Whites, 25c@91 * ctl; Pink,
75*. 5c V ctl: Reds, *I@l 10 • Cttt Blackeye,
91 26: Red Kidney. *1,g,l 10; Umu, si (jOfa)
1 80: Butters, 91 2; (n,l 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 50®2 65; Yellow
Mustard. 91 40@l 60: Flax, 91 26: Canary. ay*
f)2%c *>. to; Aliaifa, nominal; Rape, 2V 3 c; Hemp,
l /itc "fr tb.
l) •. 111 1 l) PEAS— 9I 10&1 40 V- cU tor NUes and
91 26®1 60 for Oreen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— were over 7500 sacks
Sweet Potatoes, 75t©tl 9 cii; Early Rose, 2».@
30c; Burbank seedlings, 26<535c ior Riven and
60(590c c.l for Salinas.
ONIONS— 30@35c; Pickles, 40(550c V sack.
VEGETABLES— Nocbange to report Marrowfat
Squash quotable at f6@B 9 ton; Green Corn, .0®
60c * sack: Alamcda Corn. &oc®*l 9 crate;
Berkeley Corn. 2..@50c i» box: Summer Squash,
25c >. box; Egg Plant, 25@3-c » lux;
Tomatoes. 10026 c A box: encumbers, 25<a4uc
* box; Pick es, l^c i> tb for .No 1 and ,b®
80c |t ctl for No. 2; Grtrtn i'eppers, 2U@3sc *
large box for Chile and 2t@3sc tor I. ell: Gre-n
Peas, 6D>@sl ¥ sk for common and 2®2Vfcc % tt>
for Garden; string Beans, 60cC4f i '?* saik for com.
mon and */@2V^c > tor garden: Liniaa. 4U(aßsc
':■ sack; Green Ultra. 30&,:.Uc V box: Dried Ok ra
12J^c V &>: la'obagf, 40c »i cti; Carrots, 30ig,40c
%4 sack; Garlic, l»^®Jc "* a-
BUTTEK, VUWIMt AND EGOS.
BUTTER— The market shows no change what
ever.
Cbkameby— Fancy,2l@S2V&c; seconds, 20c fi ft.
Dairy— Fancy, 20c i* &■: go^d to choice, 17V*(<4
19c; lower s, TJi^@l6c * tb.
Pickled — i:i@l7i- ft to.
FIEKIN— I4&ItfC ft lti.
CHEr..-E_choice mild new, B%@9c; common
to good old, 6(a,Bc. Cream Cheddar. 10@llc: Young
America, 96»10c; Western, 10@llc: Eastern, il@
13c i* tb.
, E,OG " —Steady at the Rood • rices. Oregon,
14«t16c m dozen; Eastern, 15@19c lor fair to
choice and 20c for fancy: store tggs. 15@16c for
ordinary and 17@20c tor good; ranch Eggs, 25®
80c; cold-storage, l»@2oc. Duck Eggs. 18@*0c.
POCLTKV NO GAME.
POULTRY— Another car of Eastern is expected
Wednesday and this keeps the market depressed.
Live 1 urkevs are quotable. at 13314 c«i lb for
Gobbler*. 12@18o for !• ens: young Turkeys. 16©
18c; Geese, .fi pair, $.@1 26; •■osllngs, 91 25(d
1 50; 1 urKs, (3@4 for oid and P4(gis for young;
Hens. $4ft£4 50; Roosters, young, $4<s4 60; do,
old, $4(<i4 50: Fryers, 9i 76@3; Broil.rs, $-' 60®
3 for large and $;.'@2 60 for kmall; ' Pigeons,
SI 75 V dozen for juuu; and »1 60 for old.
G A ili-.— .Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— '
Plums are very scarce. Peaches and Pears* are
dull.
Quinces,' 35<<&6Oc 9 box.
Peaches, »OW4Oc "i» box for ordinary and 40@50c
tor MonniMi free.
Plums, 40(9b0c 9 box. '
Pomeiir* na.es. 60(a,7 6c fl box.
" Apples, 65c(591 $ box for choice, '25®50c for
common. * -
_ Pears, 25@40c ft box; Bartletts, 50® 90c ft large
box.
Fig«. 401*7. c tor black, double layers.
BERRIES—
Strawberries, S2@4 50 for large berries and $8
@10 for I ongwortiis. '
Raspberries. * @* » chest. a
Black ber lea. S3® , ft chest.
Huckleb. m. 7®ho '$> Jb.
Cranberries from Wisconsin and Cape Cod, 58
V bbt.
(iKAP'-s— Both Wine and Table descriptions are
lower ann dull. Isabella*, 60@60c f» crate: Tokays,
Sa@4'k •$ box: Black «r»pes, •JOrg.iic: Muscats.
2b(dtZ. c: »w. et waters, ' 20^:^0l- box: Grapes in
crates bring 10fdl6c more than in boxes. -ViSwSfflK
Z nf n.lel Vine (.rapes. *'Jo®24 it ton; mixed
'«*•. 820: straight back Grapes. $20,«22.
MXL' Ns — Watermelons are cheaper again,
owing to colder wenih«r und Increased supplies-
Watermelons, *5®7 100: Cantaloupe*, 40®85c
« crate: Nu megs. 25@.35c 9 box.
CITRi « FRUITS— Lemons, 75c@$l 60 * box
for common HDd »2 50r*3 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $5©5 50 i» box: Calliornia Limes.
— — •: Banunas. $l(a»-j %i bunch; Pineapples, *2 60©
4 %*■= 02. • -
DRIKD FRUITS, RAISINS. NUTS, ETC.
DRTKD FRUIT >t-
Peaches and Apricots are higher and stiff. Prunes
show an advancing tendency. :•
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows: -
Carload -f°J"~ Apricots, 6@Bc » Jb for Royals
and tt«*loc ?» B» for choice to fancy Moornarks-
Prune.it. S@3Vic: leaches. 3%©5 c for prime to
choice, 6VsC for fancy and beg, 10c for peeled In
boxes: Apples, 6Vir for evaporated and 2(<s2Vic for
nun-dneU ; Pears, 1 yy 2 @3c for prime to choice. 2@3c
for quarters and 4@sc for halves; Plums, 4c for pit
ted and l%(s2c for unplued; Nectarines. 3(*4c
for choice ana ;>c tor tancy ; white Figs, He; buck
Jobbin-o PitirKs— Peaches. 4%<36c: fancy, 7c
Jobbi.vo Pbi ks— Peaches. 4U.@6c: fancy, 7c
V tt>; Apricots, 6@70: fancy, 8c: Moorparks,
lie: evaporated Apples, 6c: sun-dried. 3c; Prunes
3V4(53%c for the tour sixes: Figs, black. 52% c for
unp.essed find S@3% for pressed: white Flu, 4c:
Plums, Sc for fitted ana l%c for uDpitted; Necta
rines. 4(£sc $ lb for pr;me to fancy . Pears. 2%@
3c for wnole, 2%@8%c for quarters and 4@sctor
halves.
KA SINS—
< ail ad Pbickb, f. o. b. FmtsKo- Four-crown
loose, «c; S-crown, SVic; 2-crown, 2%<j; Seedless
Sultana*, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2V 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 10: clusters, SI 85; I>ehesa
cluster*, $1 75; Imperial clusters, 92 60; dried
Grapes, 2<s4c %* lb.
Jobbing I'm. ks— Four-crown, loose, 4%c; 3
crown, 3%c "& tb: J-crown, 8c "$ Ib; seedless Sul
tanas. 6c {Alb; seedless Muscatels, B%c; 3-crown
London laiers.fl; clusters, fl 50. Dehesa clus
ters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, 2 60.
NUTS— Quo.allons are as follows: Walnuts,
new crop, f. o. b. shipping point, 6%c r> lb for
star darda and He >» lb for shell; new Almonds,
7c tor Lani;uedoc for hardshell and 9@loc for
paper-she.l, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@dc for Eastern
and 4c for California: Hickory Nuts, 6<B6c V lb;
Perans, 7%@80; Filberts. 7%(»8e; Lrazll Nuts,
7Vs@bc V Bi; Cocoanuts, 84®5 '& 100.
11 U. SKY— lomb, 10@12%c tor br.ght and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6@5%c;
llflil amber extracted, 4W*43.. C ; dark aniber, 4(3
4 Vic; aaric. -<g,Zi- « tb.
lJ.fc.EsW Al- *6@27c fi Ib.
Fi.OVISIwNS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6%c V lb for heavy,
7%c lb for ll«h: medium, 9g89%c V lb
for light, lll©llc for -extra lUni and 120 for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%'«13c:
California Haw. Italic » 0>; Mess Beef, $7©B:
extra mess do, »8 60@9; family do. ?10@ll: extra
prime Pork, «B@B bO; extra clear. $13 ? bbl:
mess, xi i So(q>l2 ¥ bol. s-moked Bet, 10c >» tb.
j.AHD— Eastern tierces is quoted at 4 Vic "$ lb
for compound and 5140 tor pure; pails, tie V» ll>:
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6%<- 'or
pure; ha f-bbls, 6*4 c; lU-lb tins, t>V*c: do 5-lii
t>V»c r lb.
COT'I OLKNE- 6Vij@6%c In balf-bbls and b»4@
7y 1- lb in 10-tt) tit!?.
I111)K>, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
IDES ANT) SKIN --Heavy salted steers, 6%c:
cullsand brands, 5 %c: medium, 5 yy 2 '<tG ;: culls aud
brands, 41.-33, c %i lb: light, 4@4%c: culls i-.nd
brand*. : ®4c; Cowhides, 4@sc: culls and brands,
3%@4%c; wutwi Kip. oc: salted Calf, 6<&7c t» lb:
thtteti Veal. sfsioc: dry Hides. S»ailOc: mils and
br&nas, 70*7 Vsc. dry Kip and Veal. He: culii, 0 £
7c t> lb; dry calf, 16c; culls, 10 ; skins, -0.5
bßc each: Kids, 6e: Deerskins, go .a summer,
I ■JO --■. c »» &>: medium, 15@ 0c: liner. 7(#9u;
fin-psklns. shearings JO a 15c each: short wool,
1 'JO49HSC each ; medium, 40ia&0ceoch: long wools,
t.o©6() each. Cull* of nil kinds about i/ a 1 ' less.
1A1.1.11W- No. 1. rendered. i'/^&Se; .no. 2,
i:@2iAc; refined. 4»4@5c: Grease, 1 Vie H Ib.
WOOL— We quo c new San .loaquin Fall, 2Vg
@i fl ft;: Spring Ip: Uumboldt a .d MenJoclno,
Itlf.illc: Nevada, 6@Bv 2 c; San Joaquin and South
eru Coast, six mouths. 3Wa,sc: northern free de
fective. 4Vs@s^c f> Tb.
HOPS— Are nominal.
GKNKKAL MKKCHANDISE
BAHS— rnlcntta rain Bags, spot, $4 10@4 16:
San Qimntiii. $4 '20; Wool Bags. 24»^rj)-]ci/ 2 c;
tr I Hag-. 5V4@53.ic.
COAL-Welllngion. $8 ii ton: New Wellington,
C 8 ft ton: Sonlhfleld Welllueton, *7 50 » ton;
heattle, $&@5 60: Kryan., S5; « 003 Har, 84 60:
Wailsond, $7: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo. «7 50;
Cunjoerland, $13 50 "e> .on in bulk .-tint $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite i- lire;. $11 & ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9; X'annel. #7 50: . ock Springs.
Castle Cute and Pleasant Valley, 97 «50: (Joke,
$11^)12 In bulk and $13 el ton in ska.
d II-.1'.-U. 1.. llckfor'. 's circular says: "The
market has undergone very little change since our
review of the 17th inst- Business has been quiet
with spasmodic intervals of demand. On u«e
whole th' re s°emß to be more Inquiry than for
nv rl ■, (Ire no doubt 10 the general depletion of
stocks In second hands end a'pu-ltal res oration of
cotifldcnc among both buyers and sellers. Saivn
. dor ÜBB be«'n and Is still th" main attraction. This
I one description .-.hows decided strength with a
sli.lit upward tendency toward the close and,
while prices are no: quotably higher, desirable sc
ions art? no ion <t readily obialrmblo at exist-
Ing quotations, holders be.tu disposed either to
withdraw tempuraril. or 10 ask a small uuvance
which, however, has not been paid thus far. Other
k:iids are Irregular as to puces aid firm or soil in
tone, depending upon the style of the goods and
w bether the Coffee seeks a buyer or vice verso.
To-day's stork const t« of 1527 Costa Rica, iy 3
Nlcarrguu. 9722 a v .Uor, 9289 (iu.iirnmla, 63
Mexican— in all .0,994. against 12.317 same time
las' year." W«ouoi- market quiet:
Costa Hica— l7S/i@i9V&c for good to prime: 17®
171.-3 C for good mixia with black beans. 15V2(j£
16Vic for fair; I'2t- 1■; '• '-•■ for common 10 orul ary.
Salvador— l7*/4@l9cforgood to •• line washed':
17(til7VaC ft Ib for lair was.ied: 19ffl'J0c for eood
to prime washed peaberry; 16*/4^i6V 2 c for su
perior unwashed: l&i/i@,15 lor good unwashed;
163/i,(sny a c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
(-UATIJIALA AND MKXICAIT— 2OV4®-0 4C nOIU.
for prltne to strictly prime washed: 1&(3)2 Victor
good to strictly good washed: 16@l»o for fair
washed: 14<g;15y 2 c for medium: IB£llP^c for
onllnary; i^liv^c for Inferior to common; 20
(i_i.o";4i for good to prime .washed penberry; 17©
7Vac for cood to urlme unwashed peaberry.
bUuAR— The Western bngar l'.etlnluc Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cub« and Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 6s/ 8 c: Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Grauu
lated, 4%c; Confectioners' A, r 43,41;: .'•.a.cnolla A,
43 8 c; ExtraC,4i,ic: (ioidenC, 4»/s f! : half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes i/ac more.
SAX FRANCIsCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First oualltr. 6@sJ£c; second do. 4©
4 Vic; third do. a^Ac f! lb.
■> KA L— Large, 4®sc; small. s@6c "# lh.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6®s^c; Ewes, 4%@5c
V tt>.
LAMB— s\*.©B'/2C ♦» !b.
PORK— Live Uois. 2Va<a2%- V tt> for law* and
2s,;c for small and medium ; dressed do, 4Vi@4y 2 e
KECEIPTs Of PRODUCE.
. for 24 iioiim.
Flour, or sks.... 40.139 Middlings, sks... 648
Oregon 8.762 Hay, tons 747
Washington .. 1.800 Butter, ctls 119
Wheat, c.ls 29,6821* cits 7
"regon lO|Kggs. dor 6,910
Washington... 8.215! Hides, no . 469
Barley, c Is 23.4-20 ; Pelts, bdls 76
Benns t-k* • 7 9 '7 Wine, gals. 16 200
Oats, ct is 2,725 Wool, bis 61
Oregon 70 Oregon 100
Washington... X.860 Sugar, bbls 1,927
Corn, • 870 1 Lumber. M feet- KO
Pot toes. sics.... 7.504 lumber, r0115.... 221
Unions. s<s 757 Mustard Seed, sic 85
Bran, xks... 1,5-8 Lime, bbls 81
Oregon 6. 9.'. ,T:i, low. ctls. 16
Washington...' 2^oo|Quicksllver,flsk» 80
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstocks cpen-d steady ysterday, but de
clined on tbe afternoon call under small sales.
The Alpba Con. delnquent sale takes place to
day.
The Potosl Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of 25 cents per share, delinquent No
vemb-r 4.
Ihe Hazard Gravel Mining company of Vol
canic Canyon, Placer County, has leviel an assess
ment of 1-10 of 1 per cent per share, delinquent
October 19.
Additional repirts from the Comstock are as
fol ows: In the Ophir mine, on the lOOOlevel, west
crosscut 2, started frona ihe south .'rft. from the
shan staiion at a point IbO feet from the con Cal.
& Va. nonh boundary, Is In : 2 feet md Is pas« ng
through porphyry showinc ciay seams. In the o d
Cei.iral tunnel workli gs of the ( phlr the usual
prospecting wok is being carried on, and occa
sional sire ks of low grade quarz un» b>-luir found.
In the Hale A Norcross mine (old Comstock
workings), 0.1 the 900 1 vel. they advanced the
easr crosscut 14 fet, reached the east wall and
stopped; total length 26 feet. Upraise I— Have
been wor-iing south on tbe iourth floor, also east
and south on he nf h fl<or. The ore s reak con
tinues to Improve in width on both tioom. 1100
leve. — East crosscut w«s advanced 23 feet to the
east clay w.l, and stopped. Have started to cut
out for an upraise in the north drlf- at the mouth
of this eros cut on a streak of ore assay Ine $21 per
ton. coin va ue. h xtracted during tbe week from
the 900 level 22 carloads of ore assaying, per
minecar sample, $34 In gold and 62 ounces of sil
ver per to 1.
In the Chollar mln- (o!d 1 omstock workln- s),
in ihe nortli slope above cros-cnt '2 on the 460
level they have b«en fo lowliil a slreitk of pay
south on the east sde of th- ledge, of fair craie
hut bunch and requiring careful astorlin^. Work
has been confined o the n nth and w itifloorsat
thatioin:. In the somb -tope on 1 lls ievoi iliey
are up nlng north and south on [he sixth floor In
low K mde material containing spots of ».av, which
weresavtd. Have saved and -.hipped to tbe .Ne
vada mill during the past week 62 tons and 100
roun. s of ore, the average batiery assay of which
Wiis *20 B« er ton.
In the Po-.ost mine (old Comstock workings) the
west crosscut from the north drift from the top of
the raise above the 450 lev- 1 has been discontin ,
ued. ihe rals from the north drlf  to ■■ connect
with the tun el h s not tern advanced since last
report, the time having beenoc;upied in puttini
In chutes and in opening to the s >uth of th^ ri-.i.e
two sets of timb-.-r.s fora switch, etr. In doing
this wur» have saved 32 tons a. d 600 pounas of
ore, the average ■ ar iarnule of which was $21 09
per ton. In th." croppmes the wes: drift' on the
80 level has bet?n advanced 26 feet for the week,
oraoial of 32 feet slme siarting. The material
encountered has consisted chiefly of porphyry and
clay.
» BUSBWICK Lode— Consolidated Californ'a and
yir<i..la, Best & tie.coer au : Go Id & Curry—
Shaft.' — . his shaft was sunk 16 feet on the in
cline; total depth 417 feet; bottom In porphyry.
East crosscut 3. started at a i.oint In the south
drif. 167 feet from east crosscut 1, was ex ended
14 feei, passing through porpnyry and stringers of
quarts; totnl lens hlB feet. Gould <t Curry tun
nel— The main tunnel nas been extended 15 feet;
total length 961 feet; face in porphyry. Part of
tne work done was in easing : timbers. The east
crosscut started In tliii tunnei 8-0 feet irom its
mouth has been < xtended .3 fvei, parsing ihrougU
porphyry and stringers of quarts: total length 121
feel. Savage- Norcross dr.f — the SOO I vel tne
Joint north drift irom shaft 1 lias
been exteuded32 feet, I'm- er.ng lnc uded, and Is
now out a total dlsance of 83 feet north ot Savage
south line: lace In porphyry and clay of soft for
mation '
- hale & Norcross— At shaft 1 they, resumed
wor.v in the bottom on a p. ember 20 and have
since 5.1115 .111 it she shaft 13 feel on .he incline; to.
depth 610 feet, the bottom is in porphyry, ci..y
and quartz 400 level— Advanced the Norcross-
Cholmr m .in south drift 18 feet and ■ imbered two
sets; total length 86 feet; face is in har quartz
and porphyry. Tins drift is In hard ground that
will not require timbering for tie pas: 40 feet.
Advanced the Norcross-bavago main north drift,
4U feet; to.al length 8d feet, face is In soft pur
phyry. Have timberra mis drift to within 12 feet
of the face. The lour companies' joint upiaise on
the -DO level In the CiiO.i-r Company s trrouno,
about 350 feet south Of the south lie of the Hale
& Norcross, has been carried up during the week.
21 feet; total height 43 feeu .
Chollas- 1— Repairs to the stations and
In the mc.m e have been comple ed and sinking
resumed, the depth being now 610 feet on lot
slope, 13 feet I aving been added during the week.
Ibe bottom slows the too. wall, on when lies a
2-t ot streak of low-grade quartz. 200 level— Th c
joint avage-Norcrosa-v holla -Poiosl raise from
the end of the south drii , 3.(0 feet s utti of the
C hollar uortu line, op ned for an air and man
way, is now up 43 feet, 21 feet having
been raised and timbered during the
week.- ■ ihe top Is 'In' porphyry. 300
level— south drift has been advanced 38
feet tor the wee* through hard porpnyry. wh eh
con. in the face, total 1 ngth 330 feet. 400
level— The jo. nt Norcross-Cboliar south drift has
be n extended 20 feet for the week through barJ
porphyry skirting the foot wall, total length 84
ieet.
Occidental consolidated— weekly letter
reads us tollows 760 lev 1— iue winze being sunk
from the north drift from west crosscut on this
leve. is now down 137 feet, having been su. k 12
feet during the week. Ihe but .cm is in porphyry
with stringers of qu..rtz We have extracted and
milled during the week 170 tons of ore of the aver
age value of *8 70 per ton.
ilOA.ii) .SALES.
Following were the »wed in the San Francisco
Stock Boar 1 yesterday :
RMFUR MOKNINO SKfniOK. CfIXKESCIKS 9:30.
100 Alpha 14 450 O * C 46 >UJ P0t051....84
800 iieicuer...sL' H*tt...l.«M9 83
SOU CHatln«...6O 15 j :..ion 4i) -00 B»va«.^..6t
300Chllar.. .2.1. 4vK)0cc1dt;....40 40 ." 63
100 cci. V... 1.70 400 Ophlr 90 *00 Uni0n.... 61
700 Con 1m....0 \ fto Uvroiii... . 13
AFTKRNOON BBSfilOV— 2 :?-0.
300 A1t*.. .....05 10.) Conil ...1.00 900 0vrmn....12
100 Andes. ...2^-200 CrwnPt.. 4B: 50 Potosl 80
10. 1;0die...».6( 50 « &C-....48'300 78
400 (halite... 100 HAN...1.40.z1'j bay 61
15 i ...V.IU Mex......47 1)0 A 2Jev....tf&
50 2.05 100 Ucc1dt1....4». 300 Uui0u....63
16CC<fcV..1.6ulOJOph.r Sol 60 6'i
1- allowing were the sales in the I'acitic Stock
Board yesterday:
HEGT7I.AB BFSRION-— lf):3T.
eon Alpha.... 14 15U CC* Vl.67y a Ophlr 90
1800 Alta 05 5<J C0nn.... i.i.U00 Overman. l 4
600 Ancles ....Vfr-.-OJ C liup ....02 70) Potosi... B*2
30J tlchr 63 IM C 1'0mt_..47 iUO 83
.0 i li-B 86 100 ElCDqr.. .04 *0U have 53
19<)u i u11i0n.,19 300 V.AC . ....45 500 Scorplon_o7
200 £n1wer...4.:450 1i«t.N...1.4f 0J t-8Ai1....07
iliO <.a:t.-ila. ..IS 300 Kentucky i ! 100 .-> >.v «5
60 i Ciiallge...&i .00 stei... ..1" :0J Uni0n... ..0S
200 51 200 -..4t)-'UO Ulan 07
250 luoir...2.lU4ooOccd 4u 30.» V Jcki^...3l
AFTKRKOOK SESSION— 2:30.
30n Ainha I**s. > «-hoir...V;.l(J|»OO Occd 40
100 A'ta 05 .iOO •J.O.^UOO ......39
2 '0 Andes 88iOJ CCV....1 66 U11J Uptiir 90
300 25 800 .i^ 8 30" «8
300 fcficnt;r....s. C Point.. Id > ' Poiosl... 8 >
200 48*00 45300 77
200 BAB. H9livO O Jt C... 461300 — ...74
SOU 87200..... 4 -100 73
10J l.odle 6V!100 H4N...i t UoO 8ar.. .....53
40 ' 8u11i0n.... 19 500 ....^ 8 5u0 ....»61
lv.o iiuiwer...^9 .00 Justice... Oft 100 Mr. .....65
100 86 200 Kentuck..o6 '.00 64
10- Chains... .sl 40,> Mien 4o S,)O Union C_.63
100 49 200 .^ 46|2.)U Uuiu . 07
MX) 47 10.1 Mono If 30J X Jaoittt.. ;<i
luO Conn.... 1.3 0vrmD....14 200 29
CL,OSJLNO QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Sept. 28-4. P. it
JiM. Asked. • Bid.Ask**-
Alpha Con. ... 13 14 Jackson.. 25 40
Al:a. 05 OB Jnlla , .. — 08
Andes. 26 27 Justice. 04 1)5
helcher 48 49 Item nek 05 07
Best & Belcher — 85 ..adv Wash.... — 14
Benton Con — 1. Mexican 46 47
Bodie 69 —Mono.. . 18 —
Bullion 17 18 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bnlwer. 89 —Occidental ... SB 37
Caledonia. 11 12 Ophlr 85 90
Chollar 2.00 2.06 Overman. 12 13
Con.Cal<&Va...l.6o 1.65 I'oiosl. 72 74
ChMlenct" Con. 47 48 savage. 47 49
on. imperial. o-J 03 Scorpion... .. — lt ;
Contldence....l.26 — i^eg. Belcher... 08 09
Con New York — 04 syndicate 03 —
crown Point... 46 47,>llver Hi 11.... 02 03
I'-ast^lerraNer — U sierra Nevada. 81 68
Kuretca Con... 25 40 I'nioiiCou 50 51
Kxch«ouer .... 03 04 I tab ■ 06 ti7
kiouia<K curry. 43 44 Yellow JacKM. 28 30
llaie Adorers. 1-35 1.40
GOLD MXNUM6 liXCHA\(}«i.
.■. . , .
Champion ...„ 3UO Lock wood Con. 27
Bid 17 00 ■ Providence
Edna Askea.... 80 00
Asked „ 35 . Savannah
aranu.M. Asked „ 40
8id.:.... 10 .Thorpe
Asxeil 24; Asked... _ 85
Keystone; 100 Bodie 6,3
Bid ; 65 00 60 Chollar 2 10
Kennedy 50 „ 2 15
I'M 5 60 100 Hale & Norcrs. 146
Asked 660 •
LOCAL. EICCXTBITIBa,
Bid Spring Valley Water...... „ 97 00
Bid San Francisco Gas ■,; 9300
bXOCK A>l> BOND EXCHANGE.
MOM>.\Y. Sept. 28-2 T. m.
ttXITF.I) STATES BONDS.
'■'.. \'i\-- .. £i(f. Aikett.] .'■:'! But. Atked.
US An coup.. 106 — CS4srej... — 107%
Do new irsuel — |
* 1^ - LI.ANKOW »flv n
Cal-nlCblen^ 10»i^ — PnrKoll \ll\ - : i.V*
Cal Klec L OJ HO — Do 2d Is o*. _ _
Cntrat'Wit — 87J^ I* o Rr(h. — 115
Dpnt-stex-co — 97V* P<fcCh Ryßv — 10714
1 .".mi LA 1" 0*1 20 - I rl-i: r<"K9«. — IIS
I4»'lliu:8i — 104 lleno. WiAL — XOS
Ueary-stRSs. — , 107 V 2V 2 t-«i to 1' &U. _ 10^V%
losArujLoj. — 100 IM-&.NPUSS. 98 99V4
DoUnteedSi ! — 101 H-UKArixtti — 95
Ukl-slCble6sllß H9V 3 tPKKC — 110 V
lioKyConSs.. 103 104 V »; I RRCai si. — 100
NatVlnßsls: 96 - .<Pl.rßcalß* 96 99
JievCNcß7i J>» — Water 6».. 116*i"Jl7V«
NPCRKB4 102 - tVWateri*. 97^98
j N Ityt»i«i - 101 btktna&Edi — 100
IN Ky Cal ss. — 100 --uiis. KtT6i. — * —
j Oak Gas .100 104^ s.utter-stHi* 108 '—
Load U 6»..102\%10i<84 VIHUUtWCM — — _
Oiuliltiua 119 /4 !'JO I ; '
•• A 1 KR <T(VTCt.
Contra Costa S'-'Va — Joi»... , — _
MurinU»... 00 — |s ( Vallt/ 97 8714
ra 1 KratnUi
Casual — 80 Pacific Liztii 4914 50
Central. 95 . — isau Kraneaco 9«»,i 93X4
OaitULitti 63 63 stocitwu. . . -/4 '^yy v *
fauuaaluip t4 05 I
. . N»UH*.NCH ■TO"X%
Fireman's 60 — |Snn 35 HO
COUMKKCIAL. RAXK "T1 IC».
A»«rB*TU. — — : London I\t A.. 124314,126
Anclo-Ca1.... 60 52 V^lLondotitiatf. — TlVm
Bank of Cal. 2^5 233 Merca Kx... 12 —
Cai b DifcTColli7%UU Nevada — —
hnuNk.wui. — ibO tjainer iJO«- -* —
►«vr"Ji' '<Nlt «TO-Kt
nerSALCo.I2OO 1260 lKav<ft Loan.. '_ iou
ilurubSM.tL.lloo — Security :. ■ — 355
Mutual. — • 4U Umou Trail. 760 —
bJtaav Union — 480
California.... — H8 'OakSLAaar — 100
Geary-st. — 80 iPresidto S —
M>nr.»frti>.'. 42 42V*^Sntter-st — —
lOM-..K RTOCK*.
Atlantic TV. 15 — Glantcon. 17 18^4
Eastern D... 70 — Jndson U.^ — —
Calltornia.... 65 76 Vigorlu. . . — »0c
M I Wlf Lt^NKOUS <«ToeiC».
A!a«1r« rxn. 95% P7 Nat Vln Co _ _
BlkPCoalCa. — 10 Oceanic 16 V* SI
CM cot Mills - — PacAuxKA. I —
Edison Light 118% 119 l'acßoraxCo. 98 100
GasConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 Part PalntCo 6«A 7V«
HawCdkSCa. 14 15 PacTrnsCO. — 84
nutchS I'Co 19V4 20 Pac TAT CO. 70 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 MunsetlAC. 41 —
aifcl»cLL;n( 8 414 tinted C Co. — as
SALES— KOESISQ SESSION.
Poar<l—
50 Hutchlnson PCa 19 50
■26 Pacific Lighting 49 25
$10,000 SV 4% Bonds 116 60
MPe — ' _
60 Hutchlnson 8 Co «. 19 76
, »*l,m-iiTit«.tiiol >Mio«
Fo»rd—
66 Market-st Railway . 42 00
6 Pacific Gas Imp 84 00
6 > GasiiKhi „ »a 75
10 do do „; ..83 00
Mre«: —
S Fireman's Fond 1n5.... 167 50
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of F.lise Dallemand (by Albert Dalle
mand, executor) to Bennett Ellis, lot on W line of
B ichanan street, 96:8^4 S of Clay, B 31 by \V
107:6:914,000.
Richard 11. an I Belle H. Plamm-r to William
H. Blakeiy, lor. on X line of Jackson street. 43:5
Wof Cherr. W 121:10, N 16, X 120:10SA: $5.
Emllv nonahue (.w fo of .P. J.), Jti ia, II -nry F.
and Albert A. Felge to Ju la M. Keige, tut oil X
lac of ytislon street, iOO S of Twenty-second, S
40 by >. 12. :6: also ot on W me of Ci!pp stre t.
130 N Of T en y-slxth, N 65 by W 115; al 0 lot
on N line of Bosh street. 8. :3 \V of Webster, W
2."i by N 127:6: also iot on .>\V iine of Harriet
(Garden) street, 150 N\V of Bryan., N\V 26 by
S\V76:glft.
Thomas J. Dr vldson to George A. and Frieda
Htuer, lot on E line of York- s.reet, 247:6 mof
Twenty- 1. rst. «J .:5 by X 100; $10.
Miguel, Vincent and Catalin 1 Noeana CatalUia
Sp'.lva o to Henry Feitre, undivided half Interest
in lot on W Hue of >anchez street. 51:6 N of
Elizabeth. N 26 by W 100; 810.
Henry Kelge Jr. to E. J. an 1 Annie C. Tyrrell,
all of same; 910.
1- Usaoe h .N. Moore to I imothy E. Dnprey. lot
on N line of Valley street, 156 W of Sanchez, W
25 by N 114; 910.
William B. Par-er, Klizabe;h Costley, Anna S.
and J. S. Loi.gi:ecK^r, nna L. Mil er, Frank 8.,
Jay and Minnie Baclimati, ov at o. ne . ,to William
A. Scbultz, undivddd 14-15 of lot on N line of
O'Ftirrell street, 97:6 E of Mason, E 20 by N
60:9:0.
Parke Bachman. manager, by F. H. McCnllach,
guardlun. to Mark E. Lewis, undivided 1-16 ot lot,
on N line. of O'i arrell street, 97:6 fc. of Mason, n.
■^0 by N 60; 91000.
Mark K. L.ewisto Wi.liamA. Schultz. undivided
1-15 01 same; $iO.
J uiia lwohiir or Toohlg to same, lot on N line of
O'Farr ll street, 117 X of Mason, iC 6 inchts by
H 60 ; 910.
James H. and Margaret Donohoe to Albert
Mever, lot on h. Aa of Tenth avenue, 125 N of I
street. N zb by E 1^0; 910.
Salomon and i.mruu Uucaa 1 1 Marl Frey (wife of
Em.le). lot 1056. gl.t map 2; SlO.
1- H Handy to ii. E. Handy, lot 16, gift map 4;
Matbllde and Nettle Meull or Miley and An
nette Miley to Blanche Mathiea (wife of Gaston),
lot on SF. me of v\ yoiuing avenue, 80 ->W of
.sickles, SW 26 by SE 81, portion of iot 2, block 8.
West End Ma^ 2; $6.
Harry O. Taylor o Georxe H. Cafferata, lota 46
and 47, block 6.4, Ha ey Purcliase, W of and ad
joining the Hudson Tract; 910.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
J. H. and Anna Fiegn to Agnes Sullivan (wife of '
J. C), lot on S line of Fifth street, 75 E of Frank- |
lin, X .5 by a 100, being lot 9. block 41, uaicland: ;
910* . .-/ --,
S. S. Austin to Clara Patterson, lots 14 and 15, I
map of t.ioGrandeTr..ct, Brooklyn Township: $10.
lhomas ■: , .dwarf D. and Kl;zubeih A. Basiett
to Elizabeth J. Me.ri 1 (wife of William F.), lot on
E line of Brandon street 312:6 X of Lloyd avenue, '
M 25, sr. .00, R it, SW 100 to beginning, being j
the > i, a of lot 18 ami NV^ of lot 17. b ock C, Fruit- i
va c .-station Tract. Brooklyn Township: 910.
Thomas D. Prout to M»ry A. 1 rout, the 6-acre |
tract of land acquired from Mar- Ean I Lorenz ,
Paulsea, May 15, 18 4, and recorded In .69 "I .6, ■
Brooklyn Township, also 2.02 acres bounded S by !
private road, X by , auds . f Hicham, S uy lands !
of liighum and- \V by i*eralta avenue, Brooklyn
Township; also lot on N live of Hopkins street, .0 '
W of Frultvale avenue, W 30 by S 125. Brooklyn •
Township; gift.
J. J. Buck to Hattie L. Swift, lot 17, block D, I
map of Latham Terrace, .Brooklyn Township, j
gui. claim ile»u; 910.
A. C. Mathison to Mary J. Ryan, 1.24 acres be
ginning at UK corner of lot 8. in center of Leoiia
street, thence SI: 35, SE 249.70. NW 148.60 to \
center of Mountain View avenue, thence ->W I
120.30, fir. h'iJ.BJ 10 begin lug, bang lot 8, map !
of ! eoua, Brook 1 j n township: +1-00.
John G. aud ..gnes M. . gar (trustees of estate of '
Josi-Dii Macdonough) to Frances C. Myers (wife of i
F..D.), loi on N \V corner of Twelfth an«.i iiag,i"lia !
streets, N 118.60 by W 80, bloc* 575, Oakland;
9iO.
P. H. Collins to Mary Collins, lot on 8 line of Six
teenth slice:, 115 W of Campbel . W 2b' by 8 129, I
beinx lot 10, block 728 -v, oa.lar.d; gift.
• iiisiav t. W. and Kittle fcliu.tzH to Mary A. [
Moige, lot beitlnniug at a point 107:7 i: irom SK i
I'On.et of 1 rtrmotit street and Channtng way, E 25
by N" 130, Berkeley; $i .
Herman and i loi^e yon Dureu to John and
Mary L. Klb. lot on S?B corner of Bray avenue and !
TouJer street, -v 81.72 by E 120, being lot 6, Lamp
Tract, Bioo-iiy iownship; 910.
J. a. and Margaret Eastman to Hailie L. Swift,
rerecord of 579 a 270, lot 17, block D, Latham Ter
race, subject to a murtgage for 9200, B.ooklyn
'lown»hii«; $10.
Iran is J. Woodward and E. C. . Sessions (by
commissioner) to Agnes M. Yeo.jrlfe of .*»., lot on
S line of Hopkins street. 5*9 hi w of Boston ave
nue, W 160, Br. 176 > 70.21 to beglnn n>;, block |
F, revised Map Prospect 11 til 'I rac:, except lot on
S tine of Ho. kins street. 62^.85 W of Boston aye- !
nue, W 130. I: to a point, N 1,0 beginning, being
portion 01 bloc- A, revised Map of Pro»pect HiU
Tract, to cornet former deed of September 14,
1896, Brooklyn Township: $300.
J. E. and Clara H. Chappel. to Samuel W.
Eeegle, lot on W line <if St. 1 barles street. 74 N of
Central avenue, -N .-7 by W 97:2, AJameda; $10.
Walter G. and Alma L. Kills to F. a. Fletcher,
lots 13, 14 and 16, map of subdivision of loi 8,
Dunnigan Tract, Oakland Township. $10.
A. M. and ...wry C. Benbpm and \V. K. and Ellen
L. Thomas to same, lots 7 and 8, map of subdivis
ion of lot 8, same. Oakland township: $10.
Hans C and Annie D. Clausen to Peter A. !
Tacker, lots 2 and 3, b ock A, Snniiy Slope tract; j
at oli.ton a line of Butler avenue. 80 & from E
boundary line of LuUer . ract, E 40, SE 100.36, W
39.86. >' 103.72 to beginning, being lot 9. Dunm- !
gun Tract, all subject to mortgage, Oakland Town- j
ship; $10.
G. Vv. and Rupolph G. Bnr<hardt to D. D. Shat
tuck, all Interest, in ot on E line of High street,
233 N from linn uivldtng lands of W. B. clement
from lands of Henry Rob n.-on, > 60 by E 200. be
ing lot 4, bock 1, Clement Addition to Town o:
Mcl rose; also, all interest in the estate of Maria E.
Fischer, deceased, Brook. yn Township; 91.
Builders' Contracts.
Robert Scott with George McLeod, to erect a
one-story building on lot 011 Wiscousin street, 200
Nof Sierra; 9iSSO. Plhn< by owner.
i ouis Mn i-r with A G- Johnson to erer-t a iwo
storv building on lot on E line of Devisadero
street, 82:tt Sof Waller; 92000. H. Ueilfuas,
archlect,
Alfied Bon vier with Ally n & Dowd, to erect a
two s ory frame building on lot on S line of Jack
son street, 166 r. of su-ine.r; $4084. Mutbeson <&
Howard, architects.
AN ENORMOUS PIE.
ASix-by-Ten Monster With Which York-
shire Celebrated a Famous I-. vent.
Under different akies jubilees an ' cele
brations partake of varying characteristics.
In Yorkshire, and in some other parts of
England also, every occasion for rejoicing
is marked by t c baking of a huge pie,
which, after being exnibited, is devoured
by all the inhabitants, says the New York
Journal.
At Denby Dale, a Yorkshire hamlet, for
instance, the other day the people cele
brated the fiftieth anniversary of the re
peal of the corn Jaws by constructing an
enormous pie 6 feet 6 inches wide and 10
feet 6 inches tons. The dimensions ot the
indigestion which followed are not given.
This is not so large as the pie that this
same village built on another anniversary
some years ago, which was drawn through
the place witn thirty-two horses, headed
by three braes bands, and was afterward
put away under the waistcoats of tbe
Denby Dalers. It is said that some of the
older inhabitants still retain portions of it
in their osseous formation.
Underground London has some 3000
m les of s wers, 34,000 miles of telegraph
wires, 3200 miles of gaspipes and 4500
miles of water-mains.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1896.
lv.
Mo.
|Tu.
W. Th.
2 3
8 10
Fr.
IS*
Moon's Ptaaaei
|
1
6 iffc New Moon J
Vi? B»pt. 7. 1
7
8
11
12 Qnartej
Sept. 13.
1
18 17
23 24
30
1
13
14
16
18
19 fZfr Full Moon.
Vi/> Sept. 21.
2<j — — — — — — — —
/f*\L»at Quarter.
b*pc 29.
i
•20
21
23
25
27
■J8
29
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of I>epartur« From San FraneUeo-
BTKAMKR | DKSTI VATIOX. | SOW | PIER.
Corona
Sia.e 01 C'ai.
b0ric........
tsunol..
Pomona. . . .
City Puebla
Eureka.....
Ara<o.
Kmplre
Trucseß ....
t-anta Rosa.
Weeott ....'.
Columbia...
Karallon....
Coos Bay —
Wa'laWa'la
>»n Oie^o.
Portland
Cliliia .apan
rays Haroor
HumboldtUAv
Vie* Pgt Ssnd
Newport
Coos Bar
Oregon ports. .
Coos 8a>......
Ban Diego
Ket Kir«r
Portland ......
Yaqalna Bay.
Nfwpor;.....
Vie * P»*. Hn<t
St'luSO.llAx
SWpt.iU.IOAM
-episo, 3pm
■"■epißO.m 11
•v?pt3o,. '.»
Oct 1, 9am
«JCt 2. lav
Oct 2.lUam
Oct 8. bp
Oct S, 'Jpu
Oct 4.11 am
Oct 4. 9ah
OCt A.IIAM
Oct 8, 9am
Oct 6, Pah
«>ci 6 f»w
f, -r l.
Pier 21
P M S3
Pier i
Y:r>t 9
Pier 9
»*18» l L
.it?r I {
PierlJ
Pier 8
Pier LI
Her 1 1
i'ler ik
Pier i
fi-r It
I'lora
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
tkaukk
fROM
I'uie
Pomona
Crescent City...
koreka.
Progressist
Aratto
Aztec »..;-.
KewßDor
Mackinaw .....
Trucke0 ........
San Bias
Columbia
Santa Koaa
Emplrb
WailH Walla...
Culna ....
Karallon
Wet-oti I
Progreso .......
Wi.Umette...
Coos 8ay.......
Arcata
Ailceßlanchard
North Font..
Corona,
Hum bold 8ay....
Crescent City .... .;...!.'.
Newport '"
Departure 8ay.......1)|
t'ooi Bhv * H'"
Honolnla... *.."".".!,
Tlliamook:.. '
Taroma 
Coos Bay ' "
Panama "
Portland.
Ban Die;o . ........"""
Portland
Vic.oria * Pa Vt Sound
China and Japan...'
Yaqulna Bay .. .
Kel River...
Seattle , ••-*:•••
-oattle. .* "'
.\«wp0n.;.....
i'ortUnl ..:... ..."*"*"
Oregon ports... <> "*'*"
Haniboldt Bay . "*""
ban Diego. '.'.'.'.".'.
. Sept v:9
.:>ept 29
..*ept 30
..Sept 30
..fept »0
..Sept 30
..oct 1
..Oct 1
..Oct 1
..Oct 1
. Oct 2
..Oct 2
..oct a
.Oct -J
..Oct 2
.Oct. »
Oct 3
..Oct 3
..Oct 3
..Oct 4
..Oct 4
..Oct 4
..Oct 6
..Oct 8
SUN,MOON AND TIDE
U. S. Coast and «kodkttc pvbvkt TroK")
Bni.ißTijf Phbi-ishkii by Official r
AUTHORITY OF TUB .»CPItBINTI£ DX -T. J
Tuesd , ~i>pieiiioer
Sunrises 6.«'5' Mo->n rises ia3spn
Sunsets 5 65, Moon s e»
Vept«*mb«r -1896.
IjT. » | F ]: -" Fe t. : __1 Fee; .'.' "" Fast
- TFw TTTT -■ ■ Irti wl
*5 7.0. «.»! .551 a./! 3.»71 «>.« 1..454 «•«
30 7.50 4.3 11.-4 3.8 50 ,7 50 ....
L e\V H W . *■ I*. W H VV
1 0.4.i 0.5 a3O 4.7 1-J.-.H 3.5 ...40 6.2
2 1.38 0.4 R53 6.0 , 1.-'.B .*0; 7»6 5.3
3 .28 0.4 9.27 5.-' ' -' 6* '■£■* 8.00 5.5
4 3.14 0.6 9.66 0. 343 1.7 '.65 66
5 4.05 0.8 10.24 6*7 4.31 1.0 10.48 6.8
Note— In the above exposition of the tlio
•arly morning tides ar» given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence ai to time. Tbfl second time
column ulves th« -econd tide of the day, '.he third
time column the third tide, and tne lasl or rirht
band column ?ives ihe last tide of tbe day. except
when there are but three ildcs. as sometimes '
>ccurs. The tielghts fjlven are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coas: SurVey
charts, except when a mtnns sign (— ) precedes tba
heigh;, and then the number «r:ven is snb;ractlr«
from the (ieDth k yen by lie r iir »
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hydroohapitic Offick. V. S. X., "»
Mkrchants' Exchanob r
San Francisco. Seotemoer 28. 1806. )
The time tiall on ielei;raDh Hill wa^ droppel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c .. at noon of the l'JUtn
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m.. ur>-enwlch lime.
J. T. McMillan,
.\s-«'nj»nt inetiarie.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
MONDAY. September 28.
Stmr Corona, Hall, 62 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
4 Cb. •
Stmr San Benlto, Smith, 80 hours from Tacoma;
4500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 15 hours trom Albion;
2s«) els bark, to Beadle <& Co; -000 railroad ties,
to Alnion Lurrib Co. > •
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 20 hours from
Rockport: 290 eds b?rk. loJh Hanlfy. 0
Stmr SUnol, Dettmers, 73 hours from Grays
H arbor; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Commer
cial Co.
; Stmr Elsie, Salveson, 10 days from Pyramid
. Harbor: ballast, to Alaska Packers Assn.
Ship Jabez Howes. Capp, 134 days from Phlla
de phia in'ue, to Williams, Dlmond & Co.
HI ship Cromart. s.ilre. nend rton. 55 days from
Sydney: 23.4 -.ons coal, to Balfour. Gutrni & Co.
Ship Samaria, Mcßae. 9 days from Taco.na;
2419 /ons co» .t • R D Chandler. » . • '
Schr Ida Schnauer, Nielsen, 12 days from Port
HadloL^: 60 M ft lumoer, to W J Adams. V • ,
schr Antelope, Anderson, 51/% days fm Coquille
River; 170 Mft lumber to McDonald <£ McKlp
non. • "
Schr Vega, Rasmnswn, 10 days from Port
Blakeley ; lumber, to Keuton, Holmes A Co. ■ u ' . ,
-il ;J". Cleared. ' '* ,"
MONDAY.' September 28. :
Stmr City of Sydney, Johnston, Panama; Pacific
Mail S S Co.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hajisen, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons. * *;'.'•
ship Muskoka, Crowe, Qdeenstown; Epplnger
Co. -.-.V-- •■:>•*-■) ? ■■*•' ■■■"■'"■ -r. ';-•„ .
. Sailed. 
• MONDAY, September 28. "■"'
Stmr City »f Sydney. Johnston, Panama. ,
Stmr Coos Bay. Jansen, San Pedro. X
Nor stmr Peter Jebserr, Hansen. Nanaimo. , ■■■ ,
Stmr National C:iv. Anaresen, Greenwood.
' Stmr Del Norte. StOckfleih, Grays Harbor. -■ ,
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen.
Schr Annie Gee. Pearson. -"
Schr Maxim. Olsen. .' »
Schr Five Brothers. stelnborn.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
bchr Arcnie and Fontie.'Colstrup. • • . 7 (X
'Ifli'gr'ipiiin. \» 5.-'
POINT LOBOS. Sent. '-B— lo p. m.— Weather
foggy: wind SW; velocity 12 miles. :. .=.• • *
.* * poke". , * •*•• 
Per Br stmr Fgremont Castle— 25 420 miles
oft shore Br bark Invermaric from Sydney, for San
Francisco. All well. ■ • "*°
• Sepi 10— Eat 15 N, lon 25 W, Ital ship E Rag
gio. hence May 10, for Liverpool, •
sept 15— 25 N, long .9 W, Nor bark Nordly
set, from Androssan, ior San Francisco.
Memorandum,
Per Sunol— Sept - JH about 3 miles SW of'Polnt
Reyes saw a three mas.cd Br snip bound in.
Dnmeitlc Ports.
wriSTPORT -Sailed Sept 28-Schr Bessie X,
lor San Franclseo.
DKVILliss r.ANDrNG— Sailed Sept 28-Scbr
Barbara Hernster, for can Francisco.
ASTußlA— Arrived sept 28— *tmr Signal. Kce
Sept 32{ stair Alice Blaochard, hence Sept 28.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr
Whitesooro, from Greenwood. I
SEATTLE— Arrive! bept 28— Stmr Progreso,
hence Sept 23; schr Eva, henae Sept 6; stmr Wil
lamette, hence 23.
ALBlON— Arrived r-epl 28— Stmr Cleone, hence
Sept 27. .?•--■ ■
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Sept 28— Sen* El
norah from Enr ka. :
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 28— Bark Har
vester, from Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELEY— sept £B— Chit bark
Ana Catherine, for Valparaiso. . -- .:. , .-. = ,'.
COOS BAY— Arrived .v»i 28— Stmr Alcazar, fm
Fort .Los Angeles: s mr Truckee. hence Sept 26.
• * Eastern Fort*.
NEW YORK— Arrived -opt 27— Ship Solitaire,
from Philadelphia, for San Francisco, dismasted, in
tow of stmr West Indian. ••
• Foreign. Ports).
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 34— Br ship
Cralgend, hence May 2U, and sailed for Hull
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Sept— — ship
Ben Deard, for Panama; Br bark Samoa, for Hono
lulu * « , «
SYDNEY— sailed Sept 24— Br shift Drumbur»a.
for San Francisco. * »
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Sept 25— Br stmr Tacoma.
for Tacoma. . « ™
PANAMA— SaiIed July 2— Sr Sbip Earl Dan
raven, for Tacoma. i *
MAZATLAN -sailed Sept 26— Stmr San Bias,
for San Francisco. •
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Sept 22— Br ship Anan
rns. for San Francisco, and not Newcastle, NSW
as previously reported. *
VICTORIA— \rrived Sept 24— Br ship Drum
rock, from London; Brshlp Balmoral, from Yo
kohama. Sent 25— Br ship Holvrood, from shang
hai: bark Colorado, bence sept 6
Movement* of Atlantic Steamers.
• NEW YORK— Arrives Sept 28— Stmr Spaarn
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr Pnco
nicia, from Hamburg; stmr Virginia, from Ham
burg.
B REMERH A VEN- Arrived out Sept -Stmr
G I BR ALT AB- Arrived out Sept 28-Stmr
W trrA.
ANTWERP— Arrived out Sept Stmr Ken-
FLUSH.INO-Passed Sept 28-Stmr Friesland,
from New York, for Antwerp. * ~l
LIZARD— Passed Sept -stmr Edam, 'from
New Y , or £ « for Amsterdam: stmr Karlsruhe, from
New York, for Be uen. ♦
PRAWLE POINT-Passed Sept 28— Stmr HE.
Mcl r, from Bremen, for New Votk.
SCILLY- Passed Sept 28-Stmr Obdam, from
New York, for Rotterdam.
Importations. "
.COSMO POLIS— Per Sunol— 43o Mft lumber. 1
cs salmon, 1 cs hats. '
South Bent- 1 pkg shoes. 3 colls rope.
fe AN DIEGO -Per Coruna-1 cs hardware 1 bdl
scale beams. ibx China good 9 bal» Jbx dried
fish, 1 bx quinces. 2 cs cigars, 1 chest tea. 4 Ms
type, Ics coffee, 1 bx pres ryes, 278 bxs lemons,
1 cs shoes. 2 bxs personal effects. 56 pkgs house
bold no .ds, 2 bdU skins, 8 bxs limes, 2 bxs seed,
33 bxs books, 2 chests tools. 36 bxs oranges.
Newport- 11 pkgs household goods, 7 bbls sweet
potatoes, .HI sks peanuts, 99 bxs lemons. 13 sks
chili pepners. 1 sk walnuts. 16 sks dried apricots.
Redondo— l bx books, 3 bxs plate, 1 chest tea, 1
crate lumber. 200 kecs nails, 1 obi baking powder.
Port Los Angeles— soo ska corn, 6 bxs oranges.
4 bxs telegraph supplies. . v -
Los Ange es via sC 1 y— l4 crts D S backs, Ibx
rubber goods, % bbl salmon, 7 bdls collars, 1 bx
hard v are. •
8 P Ky via Port LosAngeles-2 chsts tea sam
ples. 15 sk.H corb, 3 B*3 chili. 3 bols whis<y, 4 bdls
t-eits, 9J bxs raisins. 1 chest tea, 1 cs clgar'i, 6 bdla
hides. 5 c< can .ed goods, 1 cs drugs, 25 cs canned
meat, 7 bxs cocoa, la cs bottles.
banta iiaroa.a-8 bbls Mineral water, 56 sks
dried fruit, 7 pk*s household goods. 109 bxs lem
ons, -2. bxs lard. 21 sks crawfish,
I Port Harford-Jd hxs Hsu. 1 cs» dry goods, 7 bxs
type, 2 .oops turkeys, 1 coop chickens, 15 dressed
calves, 3 fella hides, 1 bx butter. 25 bii»pp™!,!l
cs seed, 9ti sks dried ruu IcS household good a
bxss atton^ry, 19) sks ore. 3008 sk, oarleV. 393
sks oats sks wheat, 1761 *ks barley, 2liß
sks beans, 194 sks corn. '
C--nni«neea. ' •
Per Snnol -Grays Harbor Commercial Co; P Ber-
E ° : ibb3 HamllU)n; SIm P son Lumbar Co: 5
Per Corona- Dodge, Sweenev i Co; M W Moo •
Hllmer. BredhotTA chulz: Vetmore Bros- KB.
. Wood worth :>. Jacob,: Cox Seed Plan' Co- H
Huddleaon; Lev! Spiegel A Co; Wo?«™"bT'i •
iuel & Co;-Payot, Upham & Co: Amer Press Ann-
Gm En a Mne S c" O Br « V ' , ry ?£ 5 """"sl'nfpacfSo
oas i.n<lne Co. Bmiaer & PasiMial- Howe Soaia
Iron Works: (J W HchrOAd r: Bancroft Whltnev
&Co; Union Oil Co; LC Ju,id: W i nev-'s Xx-
Co c - 8 W P FuYler I "^ o^^ * B «»«rt *****
l£t'J? n * i°i er^*.°S; J !! v ancovicn & Co; Freder
p Blagl «fc Co: Amer Bress Assn: W Whlttia.id *
\Vork^ a pH me ?. C 1t n Imp ri iea lO = Oakland Irott
works: Prlie Bak^i; Po-Ard.tr . Co; v» asoour 1 &
P^ii, ?• : "'& Edwards: The Lt>« 4
P^ifl?*, : nn ' e > 1«» eph •-c and Telegraph Co:
Pacific \mmoiiiaaiiii Cn ' mc»m 'c» Works; Cleveland
Ooi"d?-ph° : i^k^ '' a ">- Peking Co; 0 M Wltlatns:
Gotdyear Rubber Co; - J i-. i.ew s; RotchtlJ
Ehienp 0.-1 : iXL l«male (o: Redlngton & Co; J Ii
H R.?mn« ii X N NaU9on * Co = cti Boiling Co:
H Bumnan; Haas, t-.arnch A. Co; Haas Bros:V D
Wheeler; American Union Fish Co; H C liton: A
Levy & Co; Shasta Mineral Water Co: Milan! * Co :
Jo nson- Locke M rranl c Co; G Camilloni * Co;
A Paladint: Coghlll & Kohn; S H Tv.er * Soa if
L pKuH C °V.'*.^ vy * Co: t>aclflc "Coast Fish Co:
Phllade pbla Brewery: Marsn & Kldd- H CU
ton: Pacific Coas; Fish Co; j iJ Inguglia- sacra
memo Fish Co: L l>!,,Kel p -I lV - Son? California
k ■i e t A i5 ;l V : « unn ' n ban >.Curtlss& Welch: - ar
shit.l * Keiiuers: H Kirclini.uin & Co- En;, rpr so
Brewery; Dodge, Sweeney i Co ; Wltzel A Baker;
Dairymen's Unloii: Western .Meat Co; H lm:»r I;
JDMonanva: H S Crocs er<fe Co; J sen anker;
E J Bowen & Co: D E Allison & Co ; Geo 1 arioe
Mnfi°" ,- "« '• D stone & Co; Bisslnaer.t Co; S 1'
Milling Co; Russ, Sanders & Co; Lator Kachan ,■•
Jonas Erluntrer A U j: Smltb'.i Cash Store : in*-'
bulmer Broa; John Kosenf eld's Sons; J P ThomasInteresting News Items From Alameda County*
AN ECHO OF A
HASTY MARRIAGE
John H. O'Brien Left Noth
ing but Jewelry to
Mrs. Evans.
HIS ONLY DAUGHTER.
She Refused to Remain Single
Until She Was 19 Years
• • of Age.
MARRIED WITHOUT CONSENT.
Tbe Respected Late Liquor Merchant
Was ■Thoroughly Reconciled B»
-fore His D?ath.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call.)
„ . 908 Broadway, Sept. 28. \
When the will of the iate John H.
O'Brien was' filed recently, one clause at
tracted general attention. It referred to his
1 s
MRS. E. W. EVANS, the Only Child of the Late John H. O'Brien,
• .['. Who Married Against Her Parents' Will, and "Whose Share
•';..,, o° of Her 0 Father's Estate Is Dependent Entirely Upon • Her
. : -\"'i Mother's . • ";'./.
only daughter Mvrah, and read : "I pur
posely omit leaving her apy property. 1
know ber mother wiil provide for her."
The secret of this little clause dates
rjack; to the earjy spring of this year,
v.hen without her parents' consent Miss
Mjrxmhj then just a little older than 18,
secretly married. Little was said about
the affair at" the time, and even now the
fact that th.c attractive and only daughter
of the, late popular merchant is Mrs. £.
W. Evans it not very generally known.
Mr. O'Brien died rather suddenly about
two weeks ago and left a fine estate valued
at about $100,000.
The quiet wedding at Los Angeles last
spring had, a touch of romance about it.
}liss CTBrieh and E. W. Evans had ieen
acquainted for over a year. Evans was a
bookkeeper' in Oakland, and although the
friendship between tho young couple was
known to the parents the latter would not
give their consent till their dauehter was a
year older. Affairs were in this state when
t o he" O'Brien family went to Loa Aneeles
fast February. Evans accompanied them
and was desirous of making his permanent
home In the southern city. Altnough an
engagement existed between the young
folks it bad not reached a point where the
scruples of the parents could be overcome.
One ot the chief •objections to the marriage
was, it is stated by friends, a difference of
religious belief.
while' ln Los Angeles the lovers decided
that the. time was propitious and they de
cided to await no longer the consent of the
family. They notified the O'Briens of
their determination and the parents re
turned to Oakland without them. They
were duly wedded on February 19 by a
Methodist clergyman ana made their
home in Los Angeles. Her parents felt
very keenly the slighting of their wishes
and Mr. O'Brien said at the time that he
would have consented to their wedding
bad they agreed t,o wait a year longer.
When Mr. O'Brien died interest was
centered on the provision that be bad
made for his daughter. Now that the will
has been filed it is seen that tbe late mer
chant left' his daughter's welfare in the
bands of hit widow.
An intimate friend of the family said
to-day that long before his death tne old
merchant was completely reconciled to
his daughter. However, he only left her
his jewelry, with a remark that be pur
posely omitted making any distribution
of his estate in ber favor.
The Holes fn the Canal Bridge.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 28.— The condi
tion of the tidal canal bridge was brought
up before the Supervisors to-day, and tne
District Attorney was instructed to pre
pare the following resolution:
Whereas, The attention of this board has
been called to the present dilapidated condi
tion of that certain roadway over drawbridge
■■panning the tidal canal in this county be
tween Alameda and Oakland; and whereas,
It appears to the board that it is the duty oi
me Government of the United States to keep
said bridge an* said roadway in repair under
and in accordance with the term of the decree
oi final condemnation rendered, made and en
tered by the Third District Court of the United
States in the case entitled "The United States
vb. M. Crooks et. al. No. 3690," and filed Sep
tember SO, 1882; now therefore be it
Hetolvd, By the Board of Supervisors of the
ounty of Alameda, that the clerk of this
board be Rnd he is hereby instructed to notify
the War-Department of the United States of
the condition of said roadway and said bridge
and of the necessity for the repair of the same
bridge, and to request that the said repair be
made forthwith.
•—• —• —•
THE BORAX KING'S PLANS.
He Has Floated ft Big Syndicate and
Will Revive His Ferry Project
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 28.— Frank M.
ifJmith of East Oakland, whose name is in
separably connected with borax, returned
home this evening with his family, and
will spend the winter in his new palatial
house on Fourth avenue.
While in Europe Mr. Smith has floated
a borax syndicate at Liverpool. He re
tains the controlling interest. Mr. -Smith
is also the head and controlling party in
several street-railroad systems in this city,
and several changes in their management
will shortly be made. It is reported' that
they will all be placed under one general
management and that there will be a new
system of details introduced. The local
realty syndicate of which Mi. Smitn is in
control, and which has been bonding hun
dreds of acres of land in the vicinity of
Emeryville, where Mr. Smith recently
built a very substantial pier a mile long,
will at once take in the railroad systems,
and when the result of the elections is
made known the project for lunningferry
boats from Emeryville to Market street,
San Francisco, will be taken up. This has
been a favorite idea with Mr. Smith for
three years, but was set aside when the
money market became so unsettled about
a year ago.
Mr. Smith was met at the depot by some
of the directors of the syndicate and drove
at once to nis bomc. He would only say
that he had several new plans in view and
that he could not tell anything about
them till be had time to look into the
E resent condition of the properties under
is control.
Dr. rardee'a If ill
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 28.— The will of
the late Dr. E. H. Pardee wiil be filed for
probate to-morrow. There are three heirs
viz. : The widow, Miss Nellie Pardee-^-tbe
ortiy chil't of the second marriage — and
Dr. G. C. Pardee. The wj!l was opened to
day, and it is stated that about half of the
entire property is given to Dr. Pardee and
the other half equally divided between
the widow and daughter.
Miss Nellie Pardee is given the Pardee
building at Fourteenth and San Pablo,
the widow is" given the Arcata building
and $10,000 in cash, and Geoige C. Pardee
is awarded the remainder of the property.
AMBROSEWF HAS GONE
The Self-Styled Exiled Count
Says He Will Return
With a Fortune.
Many Now Eelieve That the Russian
Consu/s Estimate Was Very
Near the Truth.
Oakland Office £ak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept 28. [
Dr. Ambrosewf, the "physician" of this
I city, who has claimed to be a Russian
1 exile and various otber interesting per
sonages, has gone on a journey and there
j are many people trying to guess the rea
| son for It. a few months ago Ambrosewf
! gave an interview for publication that the
j Russian Consul at Ban Francisco de
- nounced as false. The official stated at
the time that the "doctor" was not act
ing in good •faith.
Ambrosewf was always speaking of the
fortune that was coming to him from
Russia. He recently received some docu
ments, liberally plastered with seals,
which he said conveyed to him the good
tidings that henceforth be was to receive
f 23,000 every quarter.
One night about two years ago he went
to the police station with a story that he
had been followed in the dark, when he
was attacked by a big fellow, but that he
fought him off and as he disappeared fired
'a shot at the fleeing form, but failed to hit
the mark.
Ambrosewf has gone away, and before
be left he told his landlady the following
story regarding his affairs:
"I have received notice that $23,000, the
first quarterly installment of my future's
annual income, has been sent to Portland,
Or., in care of the Russian Consul. I am
coin* there to eet it and when I return I
shall pay my bills and once more be able
to hold my head erect, I had the money
sent to Portland as I did not want the
Consul in San Francisco to get the com
mission those officials are entitled to, but
would rather a suanger should have it."
He also told his landlady that as his
wife was an extravagant woman he had
not told her of the money arriving, but
told ber it was necessary for him to go
away on business and when he returned
she would no longer have to slave her life
away or go in need of the necessities of
life. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
OAKLAND CORPS
BEGIN THE WORK
Sergeant Brown of the
Salvation Army at
San Quentin.
VOLUNTEERS ARE THERE
The Big Bastile an Object
Great Interest to Both
Organizations.
ONLY TWO HAVE SECEDED.
N?xt Sunday There Will Probably
Be Rival Soul-Winners at
the State Prison.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 28. )
The Oakland corps of the Salvation
Army, which is tbe oldest and largest on the
coast, is making a special effort to hold an
enthusiastic meeting at San Quentin prison
next Sunday. At this time Warden Hale's
bastile is a point of the greatest interest
to both the Salvation Army and the Vol
unteers, of which Mrs. Booth is at the
head. Next Sunday it is given out that
Sergeant-Major Brown of the Oakland
corps will co to San Quentin as usual and
that Mrs. Booth will also hold a meeting
there. If both carry out their programme
they will probably agree on different
hours.
Sergeant-Major Brown, in conjunction
with Adjutant Ei*ner, who was then sta
tioned in Oakland, inaugurated the work
among the prisoners of Ban Quentin, and
he has never failed to visit every second
Sunday since August, 1893, when tbe work
opened. At the present time there are
twenty-five men in the Salvation Army
corps at San Quentin, and if tbe Volun
teers follow up the lead of Mrs. Booth,
there may soon be a Volunteer corps there
as well.
An impression has gained ground that
Mrs. Booth, while a Salvationist, started
the work at San Qnentin. Sergeant-Major
Brown, who is still in charge of the work",
desires the following statement to be made
public:
Editor of The Call, San Francisco, Col.— Sib:
Will you kindly give me space to contradict
an erroneous report which has just gone the
rounds of tbe press?
The statement to which I refer. In alluding
to Mrs. Maud Booth's protracted visit to the
coast, says: "It is her intention to begin her
work In California in San Quentin prison. Kho
visited that institution a year ago, while still
connected with the Salvßtlou Army, and estab
lished a large post among the prisoners. Since
the rupture In the army the members ol the
prison post have voted to remain faithful to
Mrs. Booth and to unite with the Volunteers."
Tnere is not a word of truth in the above.
Adjutant Egner and I held the first balvation
Army meeting ever conducted in San Quentlu,
over three years ago, and tbe only thing Mrs.
Booth ever did toward "establishing a large
post among the prisoners" was to speak to
them a few minutes during her recent visit to
California. A corps had been formed among
the prisoners long before Mrs. Booth's visit.
The statement that the members of the
prison post have voted to remain faithful to
Sirs. Booth and to unite with the Volunteers
is equally misleading. When the "rupture"
occurred we had about twenty-five converts in
the prison, and of that number only two
evinced eny desire to join the new movement.
The others remained true to the Salvation
Army and are very earnest in their declara
tions of loyalty to the organization which has
labored so long an t so earnestly in their in
terests.
I am in a position to speak with authority on
this subject as I hola meetings in the prison
every alternate Bandar.
I would like to say that the prison work is
thoroughly organized in tne City. When a
prisoner is discharged the doors of the Balva-
Sergeant-Major Brown of the Salvation Army, Who Says He and
Not Mrs* Booth Formed the Corps at San Quentin.
tion Army tre thrown open to him. Employ
ment will be found for him, and If work can't
be obtained for him at once he will be kept
free of all charge at one of our homes till
something turns up. In some instances we
have kept ex-convicts for several weeks.
Some months ego Mrs. Maud Booth visited
California and the text of all her addresses
during her sojourn was: "Stick to the army:
there's nothing like it." The Salvationist
took her advice and 99 per cent of them are
determined to keep it. Respectfully yours,
Euqenk Brown.
Sergeant-major of Oakland Salvation Army
corps and officer in charge of San Qucntin
prison work.
Oakland, Sept. 27. 1896.
When Sergeant-Major Brown was at San
Quentin a week from yesterday some of the
converts were anxious to sign forms known
as artloles of war. The sergeant only had
those with Baliington Booth's name on
them. The recruits declined to sign them
until the name was erased, "I was told to
be careful," said Brown to-night, "as some
of them staled that if they had altered
names they would not be there."
t'onsregationalisti Sleet.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 28.— The par
lors of the First Congregational Church
were failed to-night for a double purpose.
Director Alex T. Stewart, who has built
up and presided over the Sunday-school
orchestra until it is without an equal on
the coast, pave a farewell dinner to the
members who have followed his baton for
many years. Mr. Stewart is goins to
: Chicago for a year and may then go to |
; Europe. A fare well leception was also
] tendered by the congregation to Rev. S. M.
Freeland, who has been temporary pastor ]
of the church for nearly a year. Next
Sunday Rev. C. R. Brown, the newly !
elected pastor from Boston, will assume J
j charge of the pastorate and preach his I
| first sermon.
Blight Have Been Saved.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 28.— An inquest
was Jic!:i on the re mi ;i ins of Sirs. Stacy,
who died suddenly Saturday night, and
there is a belief that if some of those who j
saw her fall on the street had done what .
Dr. Akerly did later her life might have
been saved. The deceased fell on the
street, and died in Dr. Akerly' s carriace
from heart failure.
Mrs. Stacy was a sister of Mrs. J. F. Sut- |
ton, wife of the recorder at the State uni- i
versity at Berkeley, and mother of Harry, i
George William and Fred Stacy. She was
born in England and was 62 years of age.
Reception to Mlm Anthony.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 28.— At the re*!
dence of Mrs. R. A. Wellman at Fruitvale
a reception will be given to-morrow after
noon to Miss Susan B. Antnony, Mrs.
Tupper-Galpin and Miss Severance. There
will be a discussion regarding the proposed
:-iith amendment, and all voters of Fruit
vale are invited to be present.
BUSINESS OF TRUSTEES
City Clerk Lamborn's Practical
Way of Protecting Home
Industries.
Buena Vista Delinquent Assessments
Are Satisfied by the Sale of
the Property.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 28.— The Board
of Trustees met this evening with Trustee
Leydecker absent owing to a badly
sprained knee, caused by falling from a
ladder the latter part of last week. A
communication from tbe Board of Super
visors showing the amount of railroad
taxes apportioned to this city was read.
The Central Pacific's assessment in this
city, including franchise, right of way,
etc., is $17,408 53 per mile, while that of
the narrow gaupe is $12,000. This )■ a
total of $105,813 8G for the former and
$91,320 for the latter.
J. C. Bullock of Oakland filed a notice
with the board that Constable & Kennedy,
contractors on the electric works, had
failed to settle with him for labor done.
He aske J them to hold $144 until he was
paid. This will be done.
A. H. Kriete, a saloon-keeper, asked
that $125, paid on this quarter's license, be
returned, as he bad only been in business
hall of the time. The request was granted*
F. K. Krauth presented a bill of $70 for
street work done in 1874. It was thougnt
that an injunction had been issued in this
matter, but it bad not been, and as tbe bill
was a legitimate one the sum was allowed.
Mr. Krauth was greatly pleased.
Patronizes Home Industrie*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 28.— City Clerk
Lam born has been in the habit of receiv
ing numerous letters from Eastern firms
soliciting the city's patronage. He is a
firm believer in protection and thinks the
first duty in that line is the protection of
local trade. Hence fie has caused to be
printed postal cards like tbe following,
which he sends in answer to all such
letters:
Siks: Your letter soliciting the trade of the
city of Alameda has been received and con
tents noted. l':ea«e take notice that this city
dealt only with firms who are established or
■ have agencies established and nre doiug busi
■ v.e>s in the State of California. Your Caliior-
I nla agent will receive courteous attention.
Ben Lamborn,
I County Clerk, Alameda, Cal.
Denlen Having Pleaded Guilty.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 28.— A week ago
last Bunday morning George Hegewald,
a baker, drove his wagon over the fire
hose at a fire. On Monday he pleaded
guilty when taken before Recorder Bt
Sure, but did not have the money to pay a
$5 fine. He was given until Saturday to
pay, but he failed to put in an appearance.
The Recorder asked the police to notify
Hegewald to settle. To-day he called at
the station to ask what was wanted, and
was placed under arrest. He stoutly
maintains that he never pleaded guilty,
and supposed tbe charge bad been dis
missed. He secured bail and retained an
attorney to defend him. He also asked
that the plea of guilty be changed to not
guilty.
TWO GIRLS LEAVE HOME
A Suspicion Current That
I They Have Both
Eloped.
Two Young Men Had Been Seen
Hang ; rg Around Their Houses
Rec c ntly.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 28. j
West Oakland is gossiping to-night over
i what is supposed to be a double elope
ment. Miss Rollins and Miss Clifford,
wno live in the neichborhood of Fifth
and Chester streets, have suddenly left
, their- homes and it is reported
j that they have cone with a
couple of young gentlemen from Ban
Francisco, whose names are not known to
their parents. Their leaving home was
reported to the police to-night and a de-
I tailed description of the girls was sent to
! Ban Francisco, where it is believed they
have gone.
The young ladles are about 17 years of
age and so far have enjoyed the very best
reputation, and neither has ever given
any indication of a disposition to be
fiddy. A week ago two men from San
rancisco made the acquaintance of the
girls, and they have been in the vicinity
of the young ladies' homes on two oc
casions since.
The girls are both of medium height,
fair, and tolerably attractive. Their
parents are Bparing no effort to find them,
and will place serious charges against
their companions.
Train Gates bat No Fares.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept 29.— 0n Thurs
day next the cars of the broad-gauge train
will all have gates. They fold up instead
of sliding upon bars, and are a pretty pat
tern.
No fares are to be charged for local rid
ing. The company does not charge for
local riding in Oakland, but all who ride
must have a ticket before entering the
car, and those who have maintained all the
time that there would be no fares to pay
will find that they are right, but before en
tering the car they will find it convenient
to show a ticket for some place on the
line. The conductors admit that the gates
are to be put in use this week.
Saved by a Dog.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 28.— A tire broke
out in a Dlacksmith's shop, at Ninth and
Webster streets, early this morning. \t
tention was called to the flames by the
barking of a dog, and the tire department
Boon had it under control. Tha fire was
next to a coal-oil store and its origin is
unknown.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, >
908 Broadway, Sept. 28. j
Tbe Republicans of San I>andro will meet at
the City Hall next Wednesday evening to per
manently organize.
The executive committee of the Ban Lorenzo
Republican Club is preparing to hold a big
barbecue at San Lorenzo Grove.
The petitions for the nomination of W. S.
Felouze as an ludependent Republican candi
date for Supervisor are being circulated. D.
C. Brown will issue his petitions to-morrow.
There will be a silver mags-meeting Tuesday
night at the Tabernacle, when an address will
be delivered by Hon. M. F. Taylor, the elo
quent Colorado orator. There will be brief
addresses by Colonel Gibson and Hon. H. C.
McPike.
The regular Republican club of the Second
Ward will hold a ratification meeting In Mil
ton Hall to-morrow evening to ratify the nor- !
inatlon of John Mitchell as Supervisor. There I
will be good music, speeches and cigars.
Eliza Green of Alameda, who is so disordered
in mind as to be dangerous to herself and
others, has been committed to the County
Jail by Justice Morris to await examination as
to her sanity.
Voters who have moved from one precinct to
another aince registering should report the
same to the County Clerk and have the trans
fer noted on the register before October 3.
That will be tbe latest date on which such a
Change can be made and entered.
It Is expected that the Christian Endeavor
'07 fund will be given a big lift Tuesday.
Both afternoon, at 4 o'clock, and evening, at
8 o'clock, a beautiful model of the tabernacle
of the Israelites will be exhibited, accom
panied by an entertaining lecture by Rev. J.
W. Kelchner, a speaker of high standing.
The Starr King Fraternity will give the first
in its series of public entertainments next Fri
day evening in the Unitarian church. Rev.
Anna 11. Shaw, whose wit and eloquence have
placed her in the front rank of the orators of
the day, will speak on the subject of woman
suffrage.
Charles A. Preston, a dealer In furniture and
upholstery at Haywsrds, has filed a petition
in insolvency. He owes $1075 36. The filing
of a petition was precipitated by an attach
ment suit by L. Jacobi against Preston. The
assets of the insolvent are stated at $255 79,
and $222 60 exempt from execution.
The attorneys for the Standard Soap Com
pany, Jane W. Thomas and R. P. Thomas, have
on behalf of the latter moved lor the dismissal
of the suit brought by the California National
Bank of San Francisco, in which a judgment
for $139,419 in favor of plaintiff in the Su
perior Court was reversed by the Bupreme
Court and judgment given for the defendant.
TWO VESSELS LIBELED.
The Crews of the Herman and Peters
Seek the Aid of the Law.
The crew of the schooner Herman in •
stituted libel proceedings in the United
States District Court yesterday against
the Pacific Trading Company to recover
the sum of $3621 85, alleged to be due as
their portion of the season's catch.
The complainants— C. F. Rydell, Charles
Weiee, Alfred Bluttner, Oscar Swenson, J.
A. Rydell, John King. August Duarte, J.
Lopez, A. Erickson. Edward Welch, Tom
King and Charles Peterson — allege that
they signed in February last with the
schooner Herman, which is owned by the
defendants, for a six months' sea otter
hunting voyage. C. F. Rydell was to re
ceive a thirty-fifth of the catch and the
remainder of tbe crew were each to be
paid a hundredth. The men complain
that during tbe seasen they captured
eighty-five sea otters valued at $29,900.
The men allege that they have made de
mands for their portion of the profits, but
so far have received nothing but promises.
Rydell now puts in a bill for $820, the
claims of tbe other members of tbe crew
ranging from $240 to $33& The total libel
is $3621 85.
The crew, six in number, of the J. D.
Peters also commenced libel proceedings
against the owner of that vessel. Karl V.
Ross has the largest claim, $136, the others
being for $97 40 each.
For Failure to Provide.
Frank Oat man, a clerk, wai sentenced to six
months in the County Jail by Judge Campbell
yesterday, for failure to provide for his wife
and children. Oatman was arrested last May
on complaint of his wife. He was released on
his own recognizance, but when his case was
called he failed to appear, and a bench war
rant was issued for his arrest. He left tbe
C.ty, but returned a few days ago, and was
arrested.
> ♦ »
Railroad Damage Salt.
The trial of the suit of Anthony Quill
against the Southern Pacific Company for
$50,000 damages for the death of his daugh
ter Mary, who was killed near Berkeley by a
local train, waa yesterday commenced in Judge
D-lngerfleld's court. There have been rumors
of the bribing of a witness in the case.
There are about 100 grains of iron in the
average human body, and yet so import
ant is this exceedingly small quantity
that its diminution is attended with very
serious results.
Auction Sales
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer,
410 Kearny Street.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday September 39. 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. v., on the premises,
2416 Webster St., Near Jackson,
By order of M US. H. K. TRUBEXBACH, on ac-
count of departure for the Kast and Kurope, I
will sell the magnificent Upright Decker & Son
Piano, Elegant .Bric-a-brac, Mantle Mirror, Rlcn
Upholstery. German Library, with the costly Mo-
qnet and Body Brussels Carpets in the above ele-
gant resilience, viz.: 1 Drcicer 4 Bon Grand Up-
right Piano, magnificent Mamie Mirror, rich Par-
lor Upholstery, elecant Lace Curtains and orna-
ments, French Moquet and Body Brussels Carpets,
extra siza Daghestan and Persian Bugs, 150 Ger-
man Books by modern authors. 1 magnificent
Walnut Chamber, suit with two % Beds, 1 grand
Full liress Bureau atod Mirror-top \\ ashs.nml, also
Chiffonier to match, cost $230: very elegant Oak
and Primavera Woo/1 Chamber Suits, extra choice
Hair Mattresses and Beddini 1 very < arrant Wall
Sideboard, with Extension Tmote ana l>!nin.r
Chairs to match; finest Silver-plated, Crystal
Glass and Decorated China War*; Table Cutlery,
Kxtra A pate War?, ' new Refrigerator, Garden
Hose, Garden Tools, with a host of ' other choice
articles. ' •
Terms cash.
Elegant house to rent very reasonable.
_ GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., "
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, September 29. 1890, at 11 a. m., we
will sell a j arte Lot of Bicycle Sundries, Golf
Goods, Foot Balls, Base Balls, Bats, Shoe?, Sweat-
ers, Pumps. Boxing Gloves, lot of Office Furn'
ture, one Typewriter, eto.'<aUS^MW9tt
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., auctioneers,
___^ 31 and 33 Butter street.
ALLEN COWAN,
26 Montgomery street.
Will Sell on WEDNESDAY, by Auction, Milli-
nery Store, 1503 Stockton street. It is a paying
business, but must be Bold. . ■
C. P. NOTT WILL COACH
Brown's Ex-Captain Engaged to
Teach Berkeley Line
Men.
Has Begun Work Already—Univer
sity Extension Course of Lectures
Announced.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 28.— Charles T.
Nott, captain of ths Brown University
football team for the season of 1895-96, was
engased to-day by Manager Reinhart of
the Berkeley team to coach the line men
under the direction of Butterworth, tbo
regular coach.
Nott came down to the field thfs after
noon, was introduced to Captain Ran
some and immediately began work with
the men. He at once set them to work at
CHARLES P. NOTT.
plays which were intended to strengthen
the line, and in so doing introduced sev
eral methods and maneuvers that are en
tirely new on this coast. Nott is espe
cially well qualified for an instructor in
line-work, having played right guard for
four seasons.
Nott has come to Berkeley as an assist
ant in the department of botany. Nego
tiations for his services on the gridiron
havo been going on for some time, but no
decision with the management was reached
until to-day. Be will assist Butterworth
throughout the season.
Athletic League Field-Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept 28.—The'Aca
demic Athletic League will hold a lield
day at the Berkeley track on Saturday,
October 10. The Berkeley High School
will be represented by Woolsey, Warnick,
Moran, Brock, Spencer, E. Scott, M. Scott,
Hamlin, Riggs ana Bell.
Longfellow Memorial.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 28.— The first
! meeting of the Longfellow Memorial As
sociation for the current college year will
take place to-morrow eveninß at the resi
dence of Mrs. J. Rosenstein on Bancroft
way. The feature of the evening will be a
paper by Hon. Horace Davis.
I niversity Extension.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 28.— The Uni
versity of California announces the fol
lowing courses of university extension
lectures free to the public at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art. San Francisco,
during the first term of 1896-97:
German — Goethe's poems; six critical exposi
tory readings by Professor Putzker. Thursday
afternoons, beginning October 1, at 4 o'clock.
English— Tne English Romantic Movement ;
nine lectures by Mr. T. S. Sunford. Friday
«.lt«rnoon«, beginning October 2, at 4 o'clock.
Under the auspices of the San Francisco
CHS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
TH DAY. • •
j Tuesday September 29, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m , nt Salesroom. .
) 1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
Wit WILL SELL
AN ELEGANT. LINE OJr FURNITURE,
Carpets, Bedding. Stoves, Ranges, Counters.
■ L'HAti. LEVY 4 CO.. Auctioneers.
J. C BIUTBEH. AUCTIONEER,
•OFFICE— O3*3 'MARKET ST.
. • THIS DAY.
Tuesday September 29, 1896.
'■'■■£*,: Commencing at 11a. m.,
I , . WILL BKI.L .C«-::'
AH the contents of a retail furniture-store at
1120 Howard Street, near Seventh,
• '......INCDODING.....: ' ' "
. ! Fine Parlor Upholstery i Oak and Walnut Cham-
■ ber -nils: ■_' IMano's: Brussels Carpets; Crockery
and all kinds of useful furnl.ure" and household
goods. This sale is positive. y uitliout limit or
reserve. My orders jut- to si.l! all, regardless Of
cost or value.
TO-DAY (TUESDAY), SEPT. 29, 1896,
....At 11 o'clock a. m ■
At 1057 Market Street. Opposite Jones,
...."WE WII.I. B ELI/. ...'
Carpets and Furniture of All Kinds.
Also, by Order of Mortgagee, one 9-Room House
of Furniture, removed to our Salesroom forconve-
nlence. *.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
■ 1057 Market St., opp. Jones.
GRIP AICTIOI.
Tuesday, Sept. 29, 1890. at 11 A. M.
Magnificent Upright Piano, exquisite Parlor Up-
holstery, rich chamber and Dining-room Furni-
ture. • . , *
• 1859 Octavla St., cor. O'Farrell.
I House open Monday for inspection, Ito4p. x.
FRANK W. BUTTERPIKLD, Auctioneer for
A. M. SPECK « CO.. 60'J Market street.
i r — ., — .
Teachers' Club the following courses will
be given: *
Biology— Seven lectures by Assistant Pro
[ lessor Hitter at the clubroom, Mercantile 11-
I brary building, beginning September 12, at 10
o'clock a. m. • * . ■•
Zoology— Seven laboratory exercises, under
the directiou of Assistant.Professor Johnson,
at the Girls' High School. Kverv other Satur
day, beginning September 19. at 10, a. M.
Pedapoey— lectures by Professor Brown,
at.the clubroom, Mercantile Library building.
Monday afternoons at 4 o'clock, beginning
September 14. ".Vv ,* •• ' • •
:;#;.. # New Baseball Manager.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 28.— Aif Wil
liams 'OS lias been elected manager of the
university baseball tcarrt. The use of part
of the baseball field as a football ground
will somewhat hamper the practice games
on the diamond, but the management ex
pects to arrange several match games be
fOre the end of tho present season.
■< ■»—» — * — • ,—, —
POLICE ON PARADE.
The Second Battalion Put Through
Various Movement* on Van
• • • Ness Avenue* •
The second battalion of the Police De
partment, consisting of four com panie B
from the southern district, two companies
from the Mission* district and one com
pany from the Harbor district, paraded
on Van Ness avenue yesterday afternoon.
Captain Spillane was acting major of the
battalion, and Drill Instructor Marshall,
who was mounted, put the men through
the maneuvers. Chief Crowley and Cap
tain Wittman, both'mounted on prancing
steeds, watched the movements wit:i keen
interest. Tney were not in uniform.
The companies were in command of
Lieutenant Hanna, Sergeant Davis, Ser
geant Barnstead, who was superseded by
Sergeant Monagban, Sergeant Conboy,
Captain Gillen, Lieutenant Burke and
Captain Dunlevy.
The movements consisted of marching
in column oi companies, in platoons and
in fours. The men marched steadily and
well, particularly in column of companies.
The two Minion companies, commanded
by Captain Gillen and Lieutenant Burke,
marched witu rare precision all through,
and kept perfect alignment.
The grand parade oi the entire depart
ment, wnich was fixed for October 7, ha«
been changed to the following day, Octo
ber 8.
• ♦ — •
In the nurse-training schools of this
country there were in 1893 2710 persons en
gaeed in learning the business of oui:ig*
f>r ihe sick.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>— '">KEAR.\YNT. Establish*!
In 185.4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility £
disease wearing o<i bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charts to w*
Carencnaranlrrd. Callorwrit*.
or. r. uIBBON.Bn l9s7.Sa^riuicsc£
1112
PEOPLE'S BUNK
EMBRDGLIO ENDED
Judge Seawell Granted the
Defendant's Motion
for Non-Suit.
OFFICIALS JUSTIFIED.
His Honor Criticizes Sheehan
for Drawing Money
Without Order.
NEW BANK LAW SUGGESTED.
Directors Urged to Proceed at Once
to the Collection of Un
paid Cap.tal.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted a nou
•uit in the case of the people against the
secretary and directors of the defunct
People's Home Savings Bank. His Honor
covers the case fully in his decision, in
which he says in part:
In this suit, which was brought against John
F. Sheehan. secretary and manager of the
bank, and George Stone, S. K. Thornton, E. N.
Freeman, William H. Phelps and William P.
Taylor, directors, it is claimed that the de
fendants were guilty of criminal carelessness
and negligence In administration of the bank's
affairs, and that they are not proper persons to
be intrusted with the closing of the business
of the bank in the interest of depositors,
creditors ami stockholders.
On May 9, 1895. the bank was declared in
■olvent and on April 11, 1896, the present ac
tion was brought. Ko attempt has been made
to impeach the defendants for honesty or in
tegrity, bin only unfltness on the part of the
accused officials is alleged.
In regard to General Sheehan, this is not a
proceeding to punith him for refusing to per
mic a creditor or stockholder to inspect the
books or for having made a transfer ot stock
on the books of the bank without the approval
of the board of directors. Neither is it an ac
tion against him for an accounting or to recover
moneys improperly expended by him. The
questions lo answer are: Has Sheehan been
guilty of criminal negligence? Is he a proper
person lo U.- intrusted with the duties of secre
tary and manager? He refused three times to
allow the books to be inspected, and I find no
excuse is offered that seems to justify this re
fusal. However, this is not of sufficient
gravity to merit serious consideration iv the
case. As far as the transfer of stock upon the
books of the bank is concerned, there is no
allegation made that auy stock was trans*
ferred to any person outside the State.
While the action of General Sheehan In
making these transfers without the approval
of the board is not approved I do not think it
supports the charge that he is not a fit person
to occupy the position of secretary and man
ager. Neither this nor the preceding charge
reflects upon his personal integrity. As to
General Sheehan's acts in making certain dis
bursements ior which he is alleged not to have
taken proper vouchers he was then acting us
repelver, and I emphatically disapprove of the
manner in which he, without any order of
court, appropriated money ot the bank as com
pensation-for his services as such ; but in re
gard to the other claims paid, while a few
vouchers may have been imperfect, there is no
question but that General Sheehan paid out
everj dollar for which he claims crelit, and 1
fail to see how the interests of the depositors
will be advanced by removing him at this
time.
The charges that the directors mentioned In
> the complaint were guilty of unreasonable de
lay in calling in the unpaid capital due by
the stockholders; that they permitted Gen
eral Sheehan to make extravagant expendi
tures antl that they conspired to remove At
torney Flournoy are not supported by the
evidence.
One of the most pressing duties qt the board
.and Its attorneys at present is to collect the
unpaid capital. That duty is not discharged
by simply passing a resolution and giving a
list of the stockholders to the attorney, oreven
by the commencement of suits. It is the duty
of all the directors to see that the suits are
prosecu.ted with diligence.
It ii an unfortunate condition of the law
which compels the depositors of this bank to
await the pleasure of the stockholders and
their representatives, ihe directors, in col
lecting me uirpaid capital. I would recom
mend that the law in this respect be amended
by the Legislature so that the unpaid capital
Of insolvent banking institutions may be
called in and collected by an officer appointed
by the court or the Bank Commissioners with
out requiring any action on the part of the
direoors.
Defendant's motion for a non-suit will
thereforer.be granted.
WOMEN OF LETTERS.
Monthly Meeting of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association.
The monthly meeting of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association was held yes
terday afternoon. The programme, under
the. direction of Mrs. Mary Ormond
Brefhericfc, was rendered as follows :
"How I Would Paint California," Mrs. Fran
ces F. Victor, read by Mrs. Pinney; "California
Writers" (men), Mrs. S. 1. Darling; song, ''The
City of Sleep." Albertine Crandall, by Mrs.
James M. Pierce: poem, "Up Mountain
Heights," Mrs. Grace Hibbard; "California
Writers'* (women), Mrs. E. S. Marshall; song,
"^Violets" Carrie Rome, by Mrs. James M.
Pierce; "California Poets," Mrs. Alice K.
Cooley; poem, "California," Miss Ina Cool
brlth.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Loftus, Petaluma J G Tanner <k w, 8 Crue
W F George.sacr amento W M chapman, Facto
J P Mar. lne> ti, Grass Vy PA Thompson <fe w, Cal
Mrs M Winnlcb. Pa A X Zwisler, Placervllle
F A Dlxon, San Jose Mr Burns. Sonoma
Mr Smith, Sonoma Dr r, I, Tait. Cal
W L Ta^ot, Sacramento N Eddy. Cal
B A Nicolaus, Sacto F J Reicbstatter, Sacto
Mrs D M Terry, s Rosa ED Hedges, Petaluma
Miss M Cobb, San Jose Mrs O'Sulllvan, Colnsa
Mrs A R Cohen, Sacto Mrs T M Cohen, Sacto
J R Kobinson. Cbico E M Mannlon, Los Ang
W A Hunter. Chicago W Jones, Los Angeles
G L Seihcls, U SN W a Clinch, San Jose
N P Croolvh, Stn Barbara F 8 Hussy, Victoria
Mri F S Hnssey, Victoria Mrs de 'I orr, Victoria
Miss Patersun. Toronto G * Arbuckle, Cambria
Mrs J M Mitchell, Liver Mis? Mitchell. Livermore
E J ac Sabla Jr, Nev Cy W C Good, -^anra Rosa
Dr A EOsborne.F.ldridge L Rosenberg. Ukiah
J W Davis. I ulare A C Maude, Bakersfleld
8 N Andrews, Pasadena H Prlnz, Monterey
«< T Ratslln, Colusa A hose, Los Gatos
R E Miller <fe w, Chicago W E Forksnau. San Jose
J 'Jones, San Jose W E Veazin, Los Ang
A L Youne, Cal O A Dowe, Woodland
G F. Bates _ w, Sacto J Sims. Sacramento
A Zlegele. Buffalo Mrs A Zlegele Jr, Buffalo
H H Gran _ wf. Sacto H I Seymour, Sacto
Dr G C Porter «fe w. Hollister
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
W J Smith, Oakdale G Snow. Redwood City
Mrs R Sowers, Cal R E Campbell. Kansas Cy
H J Burnell. Portland R D Frown, Portlnnd
J Grimes, ' iregon J J I^ewi-s, Redwood City
Fred Brown, Cnlco C Smith, Chico
C E Delano <fe w, b Jose W Gough, Portland
J X Manning, Portland C Bowker, Petaluma
J D Hr>we, Omaha C R Healy, Petaluma
D Frltch _ fm, Nevada Mrs S Kver. Sacto
Jacob A ltntan. Sacto J B Baker, Merced
Miss Shield, Stockton J Williams A w. 8 Jose
D Connelly. San Jose L Murtougb, hsanta Cmi
P Calaban, Stockton J Neuman, Santa Ana
Miss B Jackson, Chicago Miss R Jackson, Chicago
_ R Costello, Chlco
LICK HOUSE.
T A Moncure, Bakersfld W A Schneider, Stockton
J B Tayior. Elmlra H S Burdell, Marysvllie
X B Henderson, Cal W 8 Sanford, New York
N B Wood Aw, N V Mrs J Hyde. Boston
J B Bartlett, Martinez T B Curtl.is, Washington
F S Chester, Downievllle A B Meyers, Vallejo
T C Reavis, Salinas W A Tough, Santa Crnr
Chas Bogan. >«n Rafael Mrs S M Henly, Klko
J C Wolf skill, Snisun Joseph D Lynch, LAngls
W E Roger-., Amalia A E Allen _w, Monterey
HC '1 hompson <fe w, Cal Mrs T H B:urges, Cal
W W /.lveison <fe w, Cal Geo H Maxwell, Cal
Henry h lmore. Marysvle M Kedmind, Cleir Lake
Mrs W Rice, Walnut Ck Mrs H R Hill, WalnutCk
Mrs Dr Hill, Walnut Ck
PALACE HOTEL.
R C Campbell, Denver L Cox, N V
T Bruback, Salt Lake T Springer, Chicago ■
Prof Renlke <fe wf. Berlin F B Stone. Chicago
CO V, lnship <fc wf, Cal M P Maus. Ub A
<t Rose, >acramento D S Kosenbaom, Stocktn
P B Fraser, Stockton L L Dake, Santa Cruz
S W Styker, Pa J W i^angdon _ w.Waab
A D Remington, Water- a G Hubbard, Kedlands
Wwn C 8 Cross, Hong-Kong
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H D Parker, Redding M Breslauer, Chlco
B Hume, London M Lawrence, Tallac
C P W John, Chicago W J nui p. Weavervllle
G L Bixbv, Waisouvllle F Jones, Vallejo
Miss Richerson, Colusa H Wallace. Fresno
C Wilier, N V F Mulier, Portland
X T Antnon y, Yolo C Orabam, Centervllle
H Lee, Reno J C Dolan, Nev City
H Morrison, Maiera C Dexter, Se'rna
F Duncon, selma
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam-.
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 630 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, epen
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
1]« Ninth street, open until 9:30 oVlock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
igZS* GOLDEN GATE i LQDGE Na 30, j_' ; ""
B^*' F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS_fV_
(TUESDAY) EVENING. September 29, TPjT
at 7:30 o'clock. D. 3. x r*jr\
QEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
ff^S» ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. _[
fSZtr and A. M. — Third degree THlS^_^
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. TEjt
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. rTr >
BT^S» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, •
tSZB? R. A M., will meet THIS (TUEs- Jk
DAY) EVENING, September 29, at 7:301T5f
o'clock. R. A. degree. By order of th«W »
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
■T^S 3 PACIFIC LODGE NO. 13«, F. •
K^ and A. M., meets THIS (TUES-_J_,
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock at 12llT>r
Eddy st. Third degree. /^r>
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
W£S f GENERAL RELIEF COM- ,*_*UK<fc,
iS^ mittee, I. O. O. F. — A benefit ___! B__
will be Riven this committee on t^JßJb^
TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY and 'WlH^'
THURSDAY, September 29, SO and October 1,
at tbe Columbia Theater. Tickets can be obtained
at room 3, Odd Fe. lows' building, and 1043 Mar-
ket at. Our tickets are not for sale at theater.
R^3g» NOTICE— THE CITIZENS, AND TAX-
m<Br payers Water Party of this city have
opened headquarters at 1206 Market St., rooms 6
and 6. Candidates for public office who favor the
city owning its own water works are invited to
call. DR. C. C. O'DON NELL will head the mu-
nicipal ticket for Mayor.
R^2f» MARINE ENGINEERS' ASSOCIATION
m^ No. 35.— Nominations for officers will take
place THIS EVENING (Tuesday), September 29. I
Please take notice. O. it. KInG.^LAND, Pres.
J. J. Seabky. sea
________________________________
~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
BfESp^BAIT TENANTS K^nCCrrKlirFo!t~B4T
m*£r collections made, city or country. Pacific '■
Collection Co., 415 Montgy at., room 6. Tel. 6680.
9T7&* BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
•—^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market at.
B^sp GAS FIXTURES MADE TO OKDKR;
—^-C cheapest place In the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
GP^S= A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
i-S^y \VEI-:KI V CALL, ID wrapper, for mailing.
SllLA'liO.Ns S> AN 1 EIi— FEMA—E.
■VrUMBTER OF GE KM AN ANJ> SWED: SH |
i.i girls awaiting situations; cooks, chamber-
maids and gins for housework. MRS. _ IHU, 721
Ellis st. ...Vv<
WEDISH HOUSEGIKL; STRONG AND WlL-
ling; ood cook: 3 years last place. Apply
MRS: Q NOR I ON, 316 Sutter st.
p KRMAN GIRL; FIRST-CLASS COOK AND
VJ laundress; 6 years last place- Apply MRS. G.
NORTON, 316 Sulterst.
(1 EKMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
VT son st. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
EFINED YOUNG LADY GRADUATE
XV" would like position as governess or companion
to lady or Invalid; goon musician; home more an
object than wages. Apply or address room 32,
Fulton House, cor. Fulton and Larklu sts.
ANTED— BY A YOUNG GIRL, WAITING;
city or country. Call at 1559 Market st.
W SITUATION BY ENGLISH GIRL:
tt second work or chambermaid: private family;
good references. Address S. LEMON, 1309 Gough
au, city. .
p ERMAN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION FOR
VT bou c and room work or educating a baby.
4076 Nineteenth st. •
POSITION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
I wanted by refined young lady. Call or address
408% Grove at.
KLIABLE WOMAN WISHES LIGHT
XV housework by the day or as child's nurse, Ad- j
dress 315 sutler st. |
WKDISH (.IKL WANTS A SITUATION TO !
do second or general housework. Call or ad-
dress 924 Natoma st.
I>KFINKD YOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSI- j
IV tlon as copyist or cashier. Address C. • > box
138, Call Office. i
OUNG WOMAN DESIRES POSITION AS '
X secretary, correspond or general office
work; 7 years' steady experience. Reliable, box
132, Call Oflice._
\\ "anted by a young lady, POSITION
TT as typewriter, stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper; references. Address A. 8., box 149,
Ca 1 Office. j
A MERICA.N GIKL WISHES SITUATION TO j
_ _ assist in housework and care of children.
Call 967 Mission st.
OMI'KTENT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
VV si nation as chambermaid, or would like to
learn waiting in restaurant. Call or address 1147
Harrison st., bet. Seventh and Eighth. .
OMAN WANTS TO DOGKNERAL HOUSE-
t tt work. Call or address 1030 Clay st.
ELI.AAi-E WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
working housekeeper in hotel or lodging-
house. Call or address «O7 Third, rear, nr. Folsom.
p ERMAN WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
I VjT working housekeeper. 948 Harrison St., be-
| tween Fifth and Sixth. ' ;
IeEAT COMPETENT WOMAN, FIRST-CTASS
i-> cook and laundress, wishes a situation In an
American family; city or country; good reference.
Address T. T., box 42. Call Office.
YOUNG GIKL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
X light housework; references; wages $10.
520% Howard st.
YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
X to do housework and plain cooking: only let-
ters. Call 59 Minnie su
I p ERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION FOR
I \J cbamberwork or housekeeping. Address A.
I G., box 56, Call Office.
YOUNG GIKL WOULD LIKE SITUATION
X to do general housework; no postals. Call at
205 Fourteenth St.. near Howard.
SWEDISH GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS;
firat-c.asa cook and good upstairs girl. Please
call 1622 Bush su "^
YOUNG GIRL, LATELY FROM THE EAST.
X wishes a situation to do second work and sew-
; ing. Call or address 1234 -Mission st.
WEDIsH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day; washing, Ironing or houseclean ing. Please
call or address 264 Minna st.
ELIABLE WAITRESS WISHES A SITU A-
XV tlon in hotel or restaurant. Address S. s. box
22, this office. "^
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES A slTUa-
tion as housekeeper. Address W. R., box
94. Call.
ItIKST-CLASS WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
tion as cook or any kind of work. Call at 129
Hickory aye.
\ KINDERGARTEN AND PRIMARY TEACH-
X\. er, experienced, wishes position to care for
and Instruct young children by kindergarten prin-
ciples; city references. W. P., Call office.
IRL WISHES A SITUATION AS COOK;
willing to do some laundry w ork. 1007 Sutter.
OAIPETr.NT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
\J he day washing, ironing or housecleanlng.
Call or address '.67 Minna st., duwnstalrs.
IDDLE-AUED GERMAN WOMAN WITH
a child wishes situation a* working house-
keeper; city or country. 16 Taylor su
QTEADY AND COMPETENT YOUNG
O woman wishes a place to ao general house-
work; can give references. 668 Ninth at., Oakland.
Tj-IRST-CLA.-S COOK WISH-S A SITUATION
X I in an American family. Please call 61%
Clementina at,, bet. First and Second.
t» IDOW, 33 YEARS OF. AGE. EXPERI-
" enced housekeeper, wishes situation in wld-
woer's family; city preferred; references. Call
925 Howard st.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
XV tion to do general housework; best of reference-
city or country. Call 131 WUdey st., beu Bush
and Pine.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WIBHJSS BITUA-
X tion as second girl; capable and Industrious.
492 Eighth Bt.
STRONG YOUNG GEKMAN GIKL, GOOD
cook, desire* situation iv private family. 479
TehamAst.
REBSMAKER TO GO OUT SEWING BY
■ the day or take work home. Apply 416 Grove.
■\[EAT YOUNG GIKL WILLING To ASSIST
1.1 in light housework or second work; reference
Please call 236 Noe at., cor. S.xteenth and Market.
p OOD GERMAN COOK WISHES SITUATION
VT In an American family; she is a good house-
keeper. Call 1712% Poik BtreeU
YOUNG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM MAS-
sachusetts, desires position as housekeeper.
1007 Marke st. '
ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WiSH-
es position as working housekeeper or nurse:
city or country; best of reference. MRS. T., 14a
Geary at. .
ANTED — POBITION AS WORKING
housekeeper by a reliable woman with daugh-
ter. * Call or address 612 Mason st.
ELIABLE YOUNG LADY WANTS SITUA-
XV tion as first-class maker or second trimmer
In millinery-siore: best of references. Address
B. i>.. box 129. Call.
lUi'.ST-CLASS DRESSMAKER, 18 YEARS'
X I experience, will work 3 days a week for room
and furnish machine. •. D. W., box 52, Call Office,
Y OUNG LADY WISHES A FEW MOKE
X pnplls In English branches and piano: would
accept position as governed Address E. 8., box
117, Call Office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER BY, law.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day. Address 715 Lot) St., near McAllister.
ASTERN LADY WOULD J.IKE ANY KIND
of work by the day. Room 17, second floor,
144 Fifth st. ■
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
VT housework ad plain cooking. 31 Grant alley,
Sixteenth st., near Guerrero. ■ -•■•.
VOUNO LADY WISHES WORK AT HOME
X sewing and mending. at 116 Sixth au,
room 2.
SITUATION WANTED BY A NEAT YOUNG
O Sweedlsh housework girl: $12 to $15 up. MISS
ALLEN. 323 sutter sU ■ • : _
V MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AND DAUGH-
ter. in country hotel or mining camp, as cook
and waitress. M. L. 8., Lester House, cor. Eighth
and Ota? ats., Oakland. .
\\J INCUEa 1 KR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NX
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable:
tree bus and hag-care to ami from the lerrr.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. •
uTfTTOR~^^oTT~^HTNE^E^^rD~TAPAr
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
AM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment olllce. 511 Vs Bush at., nr. Grant aye.
(THINKS- ANT* JAI-ANKSE KKLIABLK
-/help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., «40Clay.
C CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
' ctllce; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 423.
T APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sutter st. : teL Grant 30.
T APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY,*. 73,
0 St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy su; tel. Main 6234.
G" ERMAN, 26 YEARS OF AGE, OF GOOD AP-
vT pearance, willing to do all kinds of work, would
like to get a position. Address G. 8.. box 99, Call.
YOUNG GERMAN, AGED 20, WISHES TO
X learn the bakery and confectionery business;
small wages. Address CHARLEY FALSE, Den-
ver House, Third st.
pOUPLE WANT SITUATIONS IN A GOLD-
\J mining camp; wife as cook; man understands
carpenter-work. Address J. T., 417 Turk st.
RCHAKDIST WANTS POSITION ASSUPER-
\J intendent, foreman or bookkeeper; 15 years'
practical California experience; fruit, vines, stock
and general farming; drying, packing and ship-
ping: Al references. Address Ranch, 31iiVi Ful-
ton st.
OY, 15 YEARS OLD, WISHES TO LEARN A
trade; wages no object. Address 829 Ste-
venson st. .
ON EST, ENERGETIC GENTLEMAN
wants position as a watchman: experience
over 7 years: salary no object; able to furnish se-
curity. Address A. T., box 94, Call Office.
i YOUNG MAN, FIRsT-CLA.-S BARKEKPER.
X wants a position: living at home: wages $20
per month; best reference. Address D. T., 2903
Pine st.
p KRMAN BOY WISHES ANY KIND OF
VT wort: experienced driver. Address Boy. 314
Eighth st.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS A SITUATION
where he can at lend day school. Address T.
W., 22 Prospect place.
XPERIENCKD MINING MAN WISHES PO-
sition as foreman or overseer; best of reference
given. Address D. 8., box 119. Call Office.
fi KKMAN NOT AFRAID OF WORK WISHES
VT situation in a kitchen. Address 230 Pacific St.,
I corner of Battery.
T3EFINED MIDDLK-AGED MAN WOULDJDO
XV light Indoor work part of day in return for
furnished room. Address M.. box 42, Call Office.
VI IN CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every room: YOU
rooms: 28c to $150 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
■c-tek: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
YOU NO MAN IN HIGH STANDING DE-
X sires position in any honest work; reasonable
wages: best of references given. Address H. S.,
box 127, Call Office.
\V' ANTED— PRIVATE PLACE BY EXPERI-
'• enced young man. hxndy with tools, horses,
cows, garden and general work ; is willing and ob-
liging; fir.n-class references. Address T. 11., box
20, Call Office. ; .
pARPENTER WANTS A JOB IN HOTEL OR
\J with a party having bouses or blocks; can give
Rood reference; bonds if necessary. Address box
Z, Y. M. C. A., Oakland.
WANTED— SITUATION AS RANCH CAK-
•T penter by a sober, industrious man Ad-
dress b. S., box 92, this ofHca
YOUNG MAN (2B), Hli*H-SCUOOL KDUCa
X tion, wants strictly seaentary position. Ad-
dress H. £•„ box 99, Call.
NGINKKR POSITION BY COMPETENT,
Xj sober man, In any part of state; electric light,
power generation or specially: references. Ad-
dress LOUIS B. GORDON, 627 Second St., San
j Francisco.
APANESK YOUNG MAN WIBHKB SITUA-
O tlon as office or bell boy: can speak English flu-
ently stead y and reliable. Address GEOKGE,
box 71, Call Office.
VOli.\Q STEADY AND EXPERIENCED
X druggist, graduated, wishes position; relief
work only, address Drugs, box 108, Call Oflice.
! \\' IN CHEST KK~ IWUsJS, 44 THIRD. NKAK
TT Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus anrt baccate to and from the ferry.
FEMALE | HELP WANTED.
pbok"PRIVATE FAMILY, GERMAN STYLE.
{ \J $25: laundress aud chambermaid, $25; Ger-
I men second girl, $20; wnitress, $15; cook, small
' hotel, country, $20: Angels Camp, $15: '/5 good
housework girls, city, $15, $20 and $25. Apply
MlteS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
WOMAN, WITH LITTLE GIRL 6 YEARS
TT old; Santa Rosa; $12: see lady here at 10 to-
day. Ml>S CULLEN, 123 Sutler st.
\IT AITRESS 1-OKTHE COUNTRY, SIS. MISS
TT CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
GIRL OR WOMAN FOR SAVSALITo;
housework: no wash; $20; call early. MISS
j CULLKN, 323 Sutter su
OUS. KEEPER FOX THE COUNTRY; $15
and far - paid. Mis- CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
-\f AID AND SEAMSTRESS: SLEEP HOME,
ITX Apply MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
/• COOKS FOR BOARDING HOUSES AND
*' country hotels, $25 and $20: laundress, hotel.
City, $20; Irish girl, plain boarding-house, $16; 3
ranch cooks, $20 each: housework girls, eta
MURRAY & RKADV, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
IRL OK WOMAN: HOUSEWORK; NICK
place: country: $20: fare paid. MURRAY —
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. • .
YOUNG GIRT TO ASSIST LADY: NICK
X country home: small wages. MURRAY A
RE ADV. 34 and 636 Clay st.
OTEL LAUNDRESS, $20 AND ROOM;
cook, $5 a week ; woman to wash napkins,
towels, etc.; 3 waitresses, 20 am room: girls to
work in a children's home: dressmaker to take
charge of parlors; waitress who can speak French;
bouseKlri, . Broadway. $20: girl for Ml I Valley,
$•-'O, meet arty at 10 a. m ; 1- reach nursegiri, $15;
girl in family of 6, $26; girl as cook, Polk su, 85 a
we-k: girl. Bartlett St., $20: American girl, in
nice family. $20. 23 bousegiria, $15: 9 housegtris,
$20: 12 young girls, *8, $10 and $12 per month,
; assist, etc., nice families; 7 small girls. MAR-
-1 TIN'S, 749 Market sL •
\y ANTED— COOK FOR MINING CAMP. $35:
»T nurse for institution, $25: French or German
saleslady, must sp-nk English, $26: German sec-
ond and sewing, $20 to $25: waitress and parlor
maid, $20: German cook, $35; 2 chambermaids,
hotel, $15 each; girls for housework. LEON
ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
V\ ■ ANTED— 3 PROTESTANT GERM \N AND
TT Scandinavian cooks, $25 and $30: Protestant
second girl, $-5; 3 German nurses, $20; head
waitress, 830: cook small private boarding- house.
826, and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CKOSK TT
it'"., 816 Suiter at.
OUSEGIRL, BELVEDERE $20, SAUBA-
llto $20, Oakland $.-10, small families: bwt>-
dlsh housegtrl, $25; upstairs and waitress, $26;
hotel cook, $30, small place; 2 second girls, $20.
MRS. Q. NORTON, 316 Sutter at. '
GOOD GIRLS FOX HOUSEWORK, $20: SEC-
ondgirl, $26: second girl. $15, country. GEK-
MAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 30« Mason at.
ANTED— GIRL FROM 25 TO 30 YEARS,
for family of 2: short distance In the country :
Protestant preferred; wages $20 to $.6; fare and
fee paid; see lady here this morning. C. R.
HAN EN A CO., 110 Geary st. .
ANTED— FOR HOUSEWORK, $12.
915. $-0; young woman with little girl for
position in Oakland. C. R. HANSEN _ Co., 110
Geary st. ,
EaD WAITRESS FOR CITY, $30; 3 WAlT-
resse* for the country, $20; waitress for
country, $15. C. R. HaNSEN A CO., 110 Geary.
TWO NURSES: GERMAN. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 110 Geary st.
I YOUNG WOMAN TO DO HOUSEWORK AND
X children. Ihl3 Larkin st.
WOMAN WAITED TO WORK IN KITCHEN
TT at.l 3 Polk st.
GIRL TO HELP IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
Apply 812 Page au
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN
X housework: wages $12. Call bet. 9 and 11,
1246 Mission st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL; TWO IN FAMILY
and baby. Apply 2422 Fols st. :
K LIABLE HOUSEKEEPER; COLORED
preferred. Apply before 9 a. _ 2427 Mission.
\*; ANTED — LADY ""BOOKKEEPER- WITH
» T experience and good references. M., box 8, CalL
ITEADY GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWOKK
O and children; $10; no washing. 4522 Twen-
tieth bt.
EXPERIENCED GIKL FOR GENERAL
XU housework and cooking. Apply, with refer-
ences, bet. 10 aid 12, 1919 sutter st.
\X[ ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
tt light housework; small wages, good home.
Apply 1605 GouKh st. •
tRMAS, FRENCH OR SWEDISH GIRL,
with references, for general housework. 2651
Howard si. , .
ANTED— GIKL TO ASSIST IN CAKE OF
child. call 738 Ellis st.
YOUNG GIKL, ASSIST GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1208 Masonic aye.
r\ IRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK. CARE OF
VJ children ; $12. 333 Duncan, bet. 29in —Church.
V O UNO IRL TO LEARN TAILOR TRADE.
X 616 Geary st., after 9 a. _.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
piERMAN " GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUS&
VT work: plain cooking. 3216 Jackson St., below
Central aye.
V\r ANTED— NEAT GIRL FOR GENERAL
"' honaework. 1v!18a Fulton st., near Scott.
WOMAN UNDER 26: LIGHTHOUSEWOR K ;
"S8 per month; lln family. Ed w., box 15, Call.
f< irl WANTED to do GENERAL house-
VJ work and attend baby. Call 211 Capp st.
WANTED — APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM
*» coats: one who had some experience. 410
Kearny st., room 32.
APPRENTICES WANTED ON TAILORING;
-ex paid while learning. 62. >y% Post st. *
ANTED— A GOOD FINISHER AND BUT-
ton-hole maker; call early. 252 Clementina.
OOD OPERATOR ON SHOP COATS. 473
VJT Tehama at.
IMKSI-CLASS BUTTON-HOLE MAKER AND
finisher. 571 Market. ■
IV ANTKD — RASTERS AND FINISHERS
' ' and preBserB on coats. 108 Battery st.
VTifiAT YOUNG GIRL; COOKING, HOUBE-
X^l work; small famUy: Berkeley. ADpiy 632
Market St., room 6.
YOUNG, RELIABLE GIRL W ANTKD TO
X assist with light housework. 823 Geary su
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. AP-
ply 1206 Eddy, between 9 and 12 o'clock.
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X wages $8. Apply 179 Noe si., near Fifteenth.
IND, ENERGETIC WoMAN TO MEET IN-
vallds. Address E. 1., box 89, Call.
W ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINERS
" school in city: teacher of ten years' experi-
ence; large class now forming for fall work; large
workroom; references given. 410 Leavenworth st.
J^LYNN'S DREBB-CUTTING SCHOOL: BEST
on the coast. 14 McAllister at., room 86.
VTEW SKIRT PATTERNS; JUST IN; 25a
XI McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 638 Mar-
ket st. ,
AIR-DKKSSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell st.. 1059 th.
AIRDRESSINO. 250 AND 360: MORNINO
and eve classes; 101easons,»l 60. 1248 Mission.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE?
JX Winchester House, 44 Third at., near Market:
200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
p»r went: tree 'bus and baggage 10 and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
PERMIAN WAITER^ _6tk£ $25 AND
IT found. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st. "
ENGLISH BOy TO WAIT ON 100R, ASSIST
the butler; good wages. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
*lf» GKAPE PICKERS. $20; 10 FARMERS,
— v $20, $25; milker. $20: 3 choremen, 3 boys for
ranches, boy fora garden, 3 miners on shares, 10
woodchoppers, 10 drillers, 10 hammermen, 3 car-
penters, 20 tiemakers. MURRAY A READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay at.
COOK A D WIFE, S6S; 3 COOKS,S3O, $40 AND
$60: 5 dishwashers, 810, $16 and $^0; 3 wait-
ers. MURRAY — READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
\k ANTED— WAITER FOR OYSTER AND
»" chop house, $7 a week: waiter, plain hotel,
$25; cook, plain restaurant, $8 a week; boarding-
house waiter, $26; French couole, $45; etc, L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. '
\y anted-man AND WIFE FOR light
'» work in city, $27 60 month; young wagon-
maker, $30 to $66; miner, $2 50 day; shop!
butcher, $°.'O and found; 3 restaurant cooks, $18 !
to $8 and $7 week; boy for dining-room work and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 628
Sacramento st.
\Y ANTED— BAKER, COUNTRY HOTEL, $30;
• ' cook, oyster or chop house in city, $45 to $50;
waiter for steamer, $20; neat waiter for coffee sa-
loon, «6 to $7 per week, and others. W. U. EWER
CO. , 626 Clay St.
ANTED — SUPERINTENDENT FOR
first-class ranch In Contra Costa County, must
be a young man who has had similar experience
and must furnish unexceptional references, $75
p. month; 10 woo>lchoopers,sl 60 per cord, tools
and provisions advanced, good cabin on the
ground: 5 farmhands, nice ranch In Santa Clara
County, $20, and 60 others. W. D. EWER _ CO..
626 Clay at. • .
ECOND COOK. $15 A WEEK. RESTAU-
rant; butcher, $4 ; waiter, $30: dishwasher,
$5 a week: porter, barber-shop, $5 a week: sec-
ond cook, small place; second cook, $3C and room:
dishwasher, $15 and room : dishwasher, $-0 and
room; 3 bellboys; 5 cashboys; cook, $30 and
room; cook, $50 ana room; 2 more shoemakers:
Japanese tor housework. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
HEAD WAITER AND .-STEWARD, COUNTRY
hotel. 840. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., llOOeary.
pARDENER AND WIFE FOR PRIVATE
VT place, country, $40: blacksmith, country shop,
$2 a day: milker, country, $22 and found. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO.. 110 Geary at. ■
SECOND COOK, RESTAURANT. $00; BUTCH-
O cr, restaurant, *50: 2 bellboys, hotel, $16;
baker and second cook, country hotel, $40. C. R.
HANSEN <S ea, 110 Geary su
0 NEAT BOYS TO ANSWEK BELLS, FIKST-
— class hotel, no experience necessary, $16 and
found. C. R. HANHEN _ CO., 110 Geary st.
T.UKST-CLABS CUTTER OF LADIES* AND
1 children's underwear, eta, who is also a good
business manager, wanted at once. Call on U. 8.
Industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker building.
1 ROOFER AND 1 PLUMBER. 1015 KKAR-
X ny at.
WANTED — BLACKSMITH WITH SOME
»' money. Appiy to-day, 329 Golden Gate aye.
»i ANTED— MAN WHO CAN ROUT
'- and block cuts: steady job to a competent
party. Address, staling waxes. X., box 9, Call.
PAINTERS AND GKAIN—RS, 7 O'CLOCK
X A. M. 781 Stevenson st.
YOUNG MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS POT
X plants and nursery; $15 per month. 612
Halght su
TEADY BARBER WANTED. 1424 POLK
O street.
\ GENTS WANTED APPLY R. P. WHIG-
."\ HAM, 22 Kearny st.
AN TO CLEAN HALLS IN EXCHANGE
for room. 15 V a Ti.rk st. ; call after 10 o'clock.
A PPR ENTICE WANTED; BOY 16 YEARS
IV old; candy-store. 706 Valencia st.
W anted— baste and pressers ON
>> custom mats. 108 Battery st.
HOEMAKER WANTED ON REPAIRING.
202 Fifth su ■ •
CITY SALESMAN FOR SOMETHING NEW.
Apply bet. 9 and 10. B. W. PRINDLE, 401
Market st.
OV TO LEARN BARBER TRADE. APPLY
1703 Market st. -
TTNDKK-PRESSERON CUSTOM COATS. 106
«J Battery at.
ARNES^MAKER; YOUNG MAN; GOOD
steady job. P.. box 132, this office.
AILORS WANTED AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
at., Mariner's Home.
YV ANTED — Sr.AMXN AT THOMPSON'S
»' California House, 103 Clark at.
WANTED- FOR THE UNITED STATES
TT Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
Dot less thin 6 feet 6 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read.
write and speak English properly, only citizens of
the United States or persona who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrul Ing Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. CaL
MAN WILLING TO WORK; MUsT HAVE
$25. Address J.. box 16, Call Office.
bARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; CHEAP RENT-
llvlng-rooma; good location; 15c shop. Apply
1127 Mission St., cigar-stand.
HAVING PARLOR; REASONABLE; Al
0 location. Apply Call Office. 36 Eddy St.
FIRxT^CLASS 4-CHAIK HOTEL-
-UV>. abop; coat 8800. G P., box 4, Call.
<2« A PANTS TO ORDER; LATKBT STYLES.
$>** WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 22% Geary st.
pET A SHAVE AT THE LADY-BARBER
VT shop. 767 Howard st. ■
tST IN CITY-SING* E ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $i, $1 25. 81 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
WAITER OR BUTLER FOR A FINE DRESS
suit: very cheap. Call 620 Geary st. i
1. AKBEKsi— l! 'V X EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC."
1 > P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
OURNEYMEN BARBKRS' EMPLOYMENT :
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
AKBKRV PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
JJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
W AMhD-AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to .patentT Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & Co., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, V-ashlnston. D. C, for their $1800 prise
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted. ••. .'
VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
_> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
£oc;week,sl 10 $2 50 ;readlng- room Strictest atten-
Uon to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
\\l ANTKJJ- MEN TO LKARN BARBER
T » trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue gent, a F. Barber school. 1615 Howard.
TED— SO MKN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
$1 ween. 26c night. 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.
V HALF-SOLING, 60a: LADIES, 40a;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Wtil A Flock'a.3.F-
OOMS 160 in 750 ft.X NlUilT; 600 ly »1 50
per week, Oriental. 226 Driimtnsl.
1 ARG KsT STOCK OF SECON D-HA ND SHOES
xj on hand: shoes to order, 93 60: hand-sewea
snoes, fib. 726% Howard at., beu Thirl and tonrth
YVJ^CHESTEKHOUSK. 44 THIRD ST., NKAK
'» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and Irom the ferry.
rpKY ACME HOUSE, 957 MA KKKT ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; < 26c a night: $1 a week.
. INDELL HoUsE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
' ' ats.; single lnrnished rmi 7 fie week. 16c night.
H— KEIuOVHD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc.
ANTED-SINULK KOOMS, 16e A DAY: «1
v-»ek; rooms for two, 260 a day, $1 64* a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 86 Clay st.
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT AUKS DUX LABOR
' ' en&clerka. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Butter
HELP •WANTED— Continued.
ANTED— LABORERS AND JIECHAKIC3
to know that Ed KoiKin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: ISO
large rooms: 250 per nigh-: $1 to $3 per ween.
IIIJIHEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, ISc
X\'\J and 20c a night, including coslw aim roll*
424 Washington be. near Kearny.
\\r ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
• » ' shoes up to 12 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at nig it while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men's
soling, 60c: fine shoes made to order irom $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 50. f>62 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
, AGENTS WANTED.
T)EST SELLING ARTICLE EVE ' OFFERED:
XJ man or woman in every neighborhood can
make good wages: send 2-cent stamp for particu-
lara. M., box 7, Call Office, Oakland. ■_
ON'T BE BROKE, SELL sAPOnIUM: *3
day to men and women. 630 Mk:, r>ar office.
LADY SOLICITOR FOR REAL ESTATE;
will pay salary and good commission. 468
Ninth St., Oakland.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE
XJ at NEUH.xUS <fe CO.'S, 115 Kearny st.
SEEDS' POPULAR WATER FILTER; $1 50
will start you. BRICK _ CO., 719 Market st.
AGENTS — '-PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-in-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters: the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
T. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKEK _ RAY CO., 723 Market st.
-,~.r j-j-. HOUSES WANTED"
W^~E~wXNTr CHOTCE COTTAGfisT
houses and flats Immediately to fill tbe de-
mands of our clients settling for tn» winter. A. J.
RICH A CO., Real Estate A gen-s. 112 Montgomery
W AN TED-MIS CELL AN EO US .
W" ANTED^MEDIUM-SizE SECOND-HAND
safe. Address, giving full particulars, H. J.,
box 19. Call Office. '
LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
\J ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth St.; »end postal.
PERSONALS.
ILX~T^IO^E^WHO^WITN_BBE D LAD Y
and daughter ejected from Mission (green)
car. going south from Sixteenth St., Sunday, Sept.
13, about 4 P. _.. please address G. C, box 85, CalL
MY WIFE, LIZZIE^BUTT. HAVING LEFT
my board and bed 1 will not be responsible
for any bills contracted by her on and after this
date, September 26. A. C. BUTT. •
ES. WILLIAMS, FORMERLY FROM
• Jienlo Park, plnase call at 13 Mason St., San
Francisco. . .r -.;:. ■
R. J. M. BHARKEY KETURNED; WILL
treat neurasthania and other nervous diseases.
609 Kearuy st.
Rs. EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS, 235
O'Farrell su ; halrdresslng and manicuring;
ladles 50c. .
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPB-
clalty, private; no charge unless successful ;atl
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, eta, at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market3U
PjUICKNESS. NBATNESS.UP-TO-DATENESS
and dispatch are the principal advantages I
and dispatch are the principal advantages I
offer you. Added to another— "cheapness"— no
-wonder I have such a patronage. Halrdressing,
2 c. Switches, $1. "Quiaonia" Hair Tonic, 35c
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
HAIRDRESSING, 26c; MANICURING, 25c:
face treatment, cosmetics; lessons given.
MRS. BUTLER, 131 Post. •
RENCH HAIK WASH, PREVENTS FALL-
' ing out; make it yourself; send 20c silver for
prescrlpt'on. Address A. P., box 90, Call Office.
CILOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
) wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome at.
"VT EATN IS A VIRTUE; SUITS CLEANED.
i. i pressed, $1. 26 Montgomery, r. 14: tel. re < 2374.
BURNETT'S CORN CURE— CURE FOR
XJ corns, bunions, warts: 26a 327 Montgomery.
\\r ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
" work from the country solicited; estimates
riven; article s returned If price Is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
PARTING lON'S (SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
VI ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
-"I- Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladles', misses'.
children's cloaks to order guaranteed :low prices
rjIRUNhH DKLIVERKD 25C BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 67.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 Market st..
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL .
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles. sc»rs. etc.. removed ny
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenwortn.
KAZOK-FIXING OUR SPECIAL! V: FINE
edge put on razor, Razor Exc-h«e.63OM»rlret
I>lG OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW KVK-
SJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic al-
vertlaements In living light; promoters of bast*
Bess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
Xj'LECTKIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Xj Winchester House, 44 Third st-, near Market
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: 81 60 to $8 per
wee& ; free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
LIBERAL ADVANCED ON DIAMONDS *_W-
-J flry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market at.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MAN. 41 3a. cor. Jp«ii<».
DRESSaiAKEKS^
DRESSES $2 UP: WKAPPEKS 35c UP;
lawn 91 v . sl's»j Natoma al.. above sixth.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ECKKR BROS. GRAND, LIKK NEW, FOR
sale cheap. STATH AM A CO., 106 McAllister.
N ELEGANT HA RDM AN PIANO SACRl-
licil by a private party obliged to dispose of
It. Room 12, Flood building. 809 Market st.
4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
Kearny and Hotter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
$3, $4, $5. $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $12, $16. $20 and
$25 month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
I bought from us for about seme payments? every
piano guaranteed -, fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included: no charge for dray age: pianos
kept In order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLAY _ CO., cor. Kearny and Mittt-r sts.. also
Oakland, CaL, Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash. ; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
1 BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CA if LOAD
X lots and for cash, and being in mv own butld-
lnc. with no rent to Day, I can offer any one desir-
ing an instrument better value for less money than
any other music house in San Francisco; Investi-
gate and be convinced. HARRY SCOTT, 526
Hayes st.
A CTUaLLY TH_ BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
jtV anos; see our list for this week: pianos on $3,
$4. $6, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10. $15, $-_'O monthly pay-
I ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
. free anywhere In the city and kept tuned by ex-
I pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
I salesrooms 93S Market at., opp. Mason. -
N IMMENSE stock of new AND sec-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer belter terms and prices; remember
ours la the oldest and larg- music-bouse west of
Chicago: call or write. KOHLER _ CHASE, 28
O'Farrell st., San Francisco.
 ARGAIN; PIANO FOR $75, $100, $175, $200
JJ and $250. at MAUVAIS', 763 Market sU
VINE PIANO AT LOW RENT. INQUIRE OF
J W.C. HAMILTON, 324 Post St.
ETIRING FROM BUSINESS PIANOS ATA
XV sacrifice to promptly close out stock; Knube,
llaines and Bush & Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT _
CO.. 324 Post st.
©1 P\H BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
<rp X *J\J. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
A! AGNIFICKNT BTKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
ItJ Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA-H.
BCHM HZ, 16 McAllister, next Hloernia Bank.
WO. JJADGEK, SOLK AGENT 1-OK HALLKT
._ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 sac'to
C^HICKKKINO, KNABR. 6TKCK.VOSE, STKtt-
J ling pianos; see our new piano for 8187; piano*
?or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'FarreU.
YKON MALZY. HOB POST ST.— SOHMiii*.
JJ Nfwbv- <fe Kvan*. J-trlecs »«nd other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD A NEW
O H.MOLLKR. maker, repairer, - Latham place.
LOST.
* OR NEAR CLIFF HOUSE, POCKETBOOK
IV with sum of money. Return 3792 Seventeenth
St., near Sancbeis; reward;
O-<T— GOLD WATCH, JEWELED. BEARER
will be suitably rewarded by returning to
ROBT. L. TOPLITZ A CO., 645 Marke at.
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
tbe name of DAVID WILSON, No. 119,369. The
finder will p ease return to bank.
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of THOMAS B. LYNCH, No. 207,116
The finder will please return to bank.
AMPLE-BOOK: ENGRAVED CARDS, ETC.
O Return GEO. M. WOOD, 211 sntter; reward
OBT— NEWFOUNDLAND AND ST. BER-
* nard dog; bla^k wltn white breast and foot;
one ear cut; reward. R. KEARNEY, 13 Pacific.
LOST— ON FERRY OAKLAND, SEP I'KMBKB
25, lady 'a alligator purse . containing keys,
small amount of coin and unset stone. Finder
please return to Call Office.
O-T— SEPT. 3. 1 RED POCKETBOOK, CON-
tainlng ■ deeds - and receipts; liberal reward.
Address J. 8.. cox 11, Call Office. Oakland.
_■_.__ . _-_ -. FOUND.
OuiND^oi^YHO^N^DO^To^NERCAij'L
31616 Kills st. ■■•■•-
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN K. KICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
O an and , 27, Crocker building; telephone Mala
75, Ban Francisco. Cal. : .
JOHN R. AITKKN ANDMAURICEL. ASHER.
v attye at law, r_» 616, 16, sth floor. l'arroit bldg.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
<2» 1 Q(\f\ GROCERY AND BAR; OR WILL
1 Ov/V'. take partner; elegant paying place;
this is a money-making business. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
STATIONERY AND HAIR STORE; FINE
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms in .
connection: see this place, it will interest you.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
(_; ~l\ BAKERY BAKING 2 BARRELS OF
f^OO\J. flour per day; established 20 years:
fine horse and wagon, and a snap for the money;
Bee It. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ALOON; CORNER; ESTABLISHED 16
O years: No. 1 locality; opposite carhouse; low
rent; long lease; fine living apartment-.: fsuttable
for a r roadhouse or hotel ; this is a money-making
place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
fl«7nn ONE OF . THE FINEST RESTAU-
* vv. rants m city, good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full Investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on Investigation all that is claimed for it:
this is a rare chancu. T. LOBELSKI, 7 <. ity Hall ay.
CjXAAn SALOON, MARKET ST.: BEST
rjp O\f\J\J . fitted up place on the coast: 2 cash
registers, safe, eta ; laise stock of best quality on
hand; low rent; business will speak for itself;
more than value in sight; owner made fortune
and Is retiring. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUR-
nitures, restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. STENBERG-CO.. 632 Market St.. 
©*)?.n RESTAURANT; NEAR LARGK
«3D_i«jU. carnouse where 300 men are em-
ployed; rent $16; clearing $75 monthly; best bar-
gain ever offered. STENBERG CO., 852 Market.
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF Y_ABS;
new 0-story and basement b ick building,
containing 98 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block
north of Market su, and one block from Baldwin
Hotel and Emporium building; newly furnished
throughout; furniture for sale on reasonable
terms. For further particulars apply to 8. SIL-
VERBEKG. 320 Sansome St., room 39.
rOB SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST EBTAB-
X lished liquor-saloons In the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order; has a fine day and nlcht trade; situ-
ated In the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dreas for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSl-
ness of any kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
fll;7F; BAKBER SHOP ON MARKET ST.;
ijT IP. make offer. OUB STRAND, 45 Third.
I ■'OR BARGAINS IN SALOONS, GROCERIES
J and bars see GUS STRAND. 45 Third st.
ffljOnfl COFFEE AND LUNCH PARLORS;
•jpOUV/. clears $40 weekly over all expenses:
best bargain in tbe city; don't fall to see it; trial
given. SKIFF. 921 Market. .
at 1 of; branch BAKERY, CANDY-
<IDX_tJ. store; rent $16. SKIFF. 921 Manceu
QjOl'lft FOX SALE — A VARIETY AND
«JD«JUV/. candy-store with fixtures, etc.; recently
opened; near school; new house; comfortable
living-rooms, bath, large yard: rent very moder-
ate: a rare opportunity for man and wife. 'Apply
at 1369 Halght st. , near Masonic aye , between 10
and 11 a. m. or 3 and 4 p. _. .■ .' ■ ■
I WANT A BUSINESS MAN WITH SMALL
capital not to exceed $500 to take charge and
manage manufacturing business while I travel:
grand opportunity; wilt clear $160 a month. 21^
Third at- room 6. . . ■.- ■
TTALF INTEREST IN GROCERY BUSINESS
XX near tbe city: old stand: good stock and trade:
old age and sickness cause of sale; bargain; no
brokers; cash price $1100. Particulars of D. W.
PHILBRICK, 2548 a Folsom st.
"VTARIETY-STORE; FINEST LOCATION IN
V Hay wards; good trade; will ueli for $800 or
Invoice; other business cause of selling; call and
Investigate. F. HOOSON, Hay wards; or apply
at Call Office. •
ffijf»nfk SALOON: DANCE RUNNING UP-
<?"""• stairs 3 nights week; low rent: splen-
did opportunity for right party to make a fortune;
Bell at once. MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market.
BRANCH BAKERY: 6 NICE LIVING-
rooms; yard with chickens; laundry office do-
ing good business; very cneap. 709 Point Lobos
avenue.
ffljQCfWl BEST- PAYING BUSINESS IIT
<pO«_»UU. vestment in San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, eta: established 1889: must be sold.
Address P.. box 35, Call Office. .
v 1 ' A 0 1.1>EST A ..LISH ED CORN E~B
C'luv. saloon: 8 fine living-rooms: low rent:
fitted up In first-class style; best location; great
bargain. Apply this office. . •
EADQUARTKRS FOR POULTRY
ranches and business chances of all kinds. E.
HILL, Heal Estate and Business Agent, 997 Mar-
ket st., cor. Sixth.
Otn SALOON UP TO DATE; DOING
0 — O\J . fine business: in best locality; rent
cheap: disagreement of partners; bargain. 640
Howard st.
T AUNDRY ROUTE FOR SALE, WITH WAG-
Xj on; paying handsome profit; established 4 yrs;
also dyeing and cleaning route: owner has other
business. Particulars address X. L., box 87, Call.
QCi \ STATIONERY, NOTIONS, CIGARS,
•JP«JcH/. etc. : will sell by inventory; connected
with leading hotel ; Market St. HEALY, -3 Kearny.
d<O; average -.weekly NET INCOME
*]DOO $250 In vested -.safe ;conservative;free pros-
pectus of proofs. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. Y.
A N OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER LIQUOR
A store and bar; near City Hall: account of other
business. Call at 103 Powell st. HILBERT BROS.
fflw-^n GROCERY AND BAR; LIVING-
«4pU«Jv/. rooms: clearing $90 monthly; must
sell; rent $'iO. McLEOD HATJE, 615 Market st.
\ T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. IOWAN BUYS
•.v stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15.26 Montgomery.
XpULLY EQUIPPED PRINTING-OFFII E; JOB
1 and book work; cost $5000; sell $2000: receipts
$500 month. Address A. A., box 15, Call Office.
AKERY FOR SALE AT REASONABLE
price; good corner location; good outside and
store trade; well established. Apply Call Office.
TAT lON ERY, SCHOOL SUPPLIES. No-
O tions, bakery, cigars, laundry, postal agency;
5 furnished roqma. 11l Gough St., cor. Lily aye.
mfolTn saloon; ON WATER FRONT; ES-
O ••'«•'"• tablished for 20 years: a bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. Call at 1523 Sanchez su
T\ELTCATESSEN AND GROCERY STORE: 4
XJ furnished rooms: good location; must Bell this
week ; very reasonable. 1008 Hyde st. .
"L OR SALE— OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER
-V saloon in beat location: best Of reasons given.
Address B. 8., box 40, this office.
P. QUINN, 53 CHRONICLE BUILDING;
• sells rane es, stores, business properties, col-
lects rents and writes insurance. •
ELL-PAYING LUNCH AND COFFEE
house: large yard: 60 chickens; $900; owner
must retire. 146 Tenth st.
"t7OR SALK— LAUNDRY ROUTE. ST. NICHO-
£ las Laundry, Seventeenth St., near FoUom; call
bet. 9 and 10 a. m. '
I/iOK LAUNDRY ROUTE. ST. NICHO-
-T las Laundry, Seventeenth su, near Folsom,
bet. 9 and 10 a. m. . - ••. ;; s ;
I; OR SALE— GOOD SALOON. DOING GOOD
' business; owner going East; $250. Apply 235
Third st. |
ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY.
' close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
O-CHAIB SHOP; DOING GOOD BUSINESS;
♦ > central; owner retiring from business. This 1
office. . I
I/" OR SA LE— AP; GROCERY. FRUIT AND
X 1 vegetable business. J. MONROE box 19, Call.
HOKSHOP FOR SAL.-: CHEAP; FINE _C^
cation. > Apply 959 Howard st.
pIGARS AND STATIONERY; RENT $10.
\J •-'2lo^ Mission St., near Eighteenth.
AN WHO HAS $25 CAPITAL WANTED AS
partner by lady. 223 Post St., room 2.
ALOoN; LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Union Brewery, Eighteenth and Florida.
WANT A COFFEE BALOON: STATE LOOA-
tion and particulars. I. It., box. 93, Call.
\f ERCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
I>l bought by J. C. MUTHER. 632 Market, rm. 8.
ALOON TO LET. .829 HOWARD ST., BET."
Fourth and Fifth.
OUI for SALK ACROSS the BAY. IN^
quire at Call office.
EDUCATIONAL.
fVUITARf Itt UdTmEn'tSTcHORDS AND~AC^
VT companlments in 10 lessons. G. A., box 4, Call.
T7<RENCH,SPANISH,ETC.:Prof.DEFILIPPE I S
X? Academy of Language3,32o Post st ;eatab'd 1871
ME. MELVILLE SNYD' R, 715 POST ST •'
v cal music, piano, elocution, practical shake^
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty-
vocal classes Monday, 8f.11.; $1. =i««wiy.
rEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 POST
L at.— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages. En*-
lish branches, electrical engineering, eta- 20
teachers; 15,000 graduates: catalogue. *
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 326
Montgomery st.; individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. telegraphy, etc. •
life scholarship $50: lew rates per wee k and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINK^i
College. 723 Market at; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere! day and nlggu
KLA>CO'-> LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTINn '"
I Private theatrical, arranged; pupils reheiried
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1. O. O. F. blJck. 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, Ml Mxii M i/ -
-cbanlcal englneerlns. survevtSa lrch\t^,^
wsay.estab. '64. VAN DKR NAILLEN. 7MMkt
MX_a^_£_i_i!_.'»g£W_g9
A^_l£^_^^gS»s_-
PltOK LOUISMBBKI: VIOI.IN MANDOII^ 1
jgttaaMiaga^arts!L», T .sfafc
m fcft.^ l .&*^''ias?_f_g
TYPEWRITERS.
CALIGRAPH, 816. *35; , VoVf" *Sn. ww^T
ington,ssO. b2oTT*_ a ß\.j3S Montgomery
_Ol>Gl3ifG-HOI'SES FOR
lOFKER Tt)R SALE this DAY— ■ ■
FOR CASH OR easy PAYMENTS
___— — THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
27-room house. $7001 i:2-room house... $500
10- room house. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
56 rooms, cor.. . 3,000; 14 rooms onSutter 700
"11 rs., must sell - 200 66 rooms.best dty.3,500
15 rooms, new. 1.260 31-room house.... 1,400
27 rooms, new. 3,000 110 rooms, corner.. B,ooo
200 rooms,hote!.»10.000 11 rooms, 0n1y.... 75
H5 rooms centr. 2.500 10 room s.Jones st. 300
-I S-ELL EXCHANGE REAL KsTATii-
AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS—
♦ H. O. DkCK-B, 1020 Market St.. opp. Hftb.
UROOM HOUSE — -— . .
-.FINE LOCATION —
— 1 -BOOMS ALL KENTKU . *;
— PUICK ON! V 8200
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
/f£-RO..M HOUSE; OWNER SICK AND MUST
4:0 leave city. DECKER. 1020- Market st.
U~l ROOMS; KENT $100; KIN' LOCATION.
01 Apply H. C. I'ECKK 1&20 Market su »
A Q-ROOM HOTEL, CLEANING $200 PER 4
10 month. » DECKER, 1020 Market st. »
OMNER HOUSE; 32 ROO^S: NICELY FUR-
\J nlshed. DKCKER, 1020 garget sU
1 fid I<OHGING-HOUSES"FORSALE; PRICES
I\J\J from $100 to $5000. See STRAND _ CO.,
45 Third st. . t ;< 8> « ■■■a
LODGING HOUSE, ' 9 KOOMS: RENT $20:
XJ water free; good location. B. 8., box 119,
, Call Office. ■-;■...; , fl
I^UHNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130 ROOMS;
r $300 to 810,000.. I'HKLPS & CO., 917 Larkin.
"dFTTWi 8 WELI^iURNISHED ROOMS: 1
tJpTA'LF. block from Baldwin Hotel. Apply Call.
dJJ/JXn 20 R OM8: FULL; • RENT $35;
<U)T±*JU. snap. See sKTFF, 921 Market sr.
• FUBNITUKJE FOX SALE. .•
orxrv^0 rxrv^R r^"^sToßE TIS COMPLETED AND WE
an in it: four floors, running from Mission to
• Minna st., In all 1% acres Of floor space, are
packed with household goods of all kinds, parlor,
bedroom and kitchen outfits of all < kinds and In
endless variety; if yon are thinking of purchasing
anything needed in a home, from a pair of blan-
kets to a completely furnished house, pay us a
visit; It costs you nothing; our numbers are 1017,
1019, 1021 and 1023 Mission st., above sixth. J.
NOONAN. .
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH ST.. FOX
lowest prices on household goods, new or
good as new; cash or time; open evenings. *
LAT— B ELf.GANT .NEWLY FURNISHED
rooms: $300: bargain. 967 a Howard st.
JfMl CARPKTS: CHAMBER SETS, $14:
jvU stoves, $5: parlor sets, 820; folding-beds,
$10: bar outfits. T D. ' RTHY 764 Mission.
CARPET CLEANING.
A^tP^T~~cTE"ANING Co., 40?
Sot ter, tel. Main 394. S. 3. FERGUSON.mangr.
JE. MITCHELL. CARPET-CLEANING CO.,
« 240 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
ONES <te CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AiVD 37
Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 10 til.
C A YARD at gkeat WESTERN CARPET
Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth at.
v CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING. Be. : RD3
) samples free: teL Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDING'B Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353- Tehama at. ; teL So. 40. ;
ONKLIN CARPET BEATING WORK— Mi
) Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126. '
PITY STEAM. CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATKO
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO.. 23 Tenth: laL
__ih____J_______H__n^T__»__.
FURNITURE W ANTED.
TF Y OU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X cere and merchandise see BURP. 211 Larkin. '-
C^IASH PAID FOR "ENTIRE HOUSES OR
\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, eta J.
BOWCHEB, 222 Stockton; send postal.
mo SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY ,
1 M. 81LVERSTj:IN,969 Howard at. :send postal
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO. PAYS
X> highest price for furniture, carpets, etc ; send
postal. 866 Mission at. '
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Ana Co.. 1057 Market, pava cash
BICYCLES.
S'^oSNT^H^rfrT^BA^TATN^T^R^V^Oßr^
O $30: Barnes, 855; Ben Hur, Ladles', 850; Fow- -
ler, $55; Ladles' Fowler '-96," a bargain; also
others. DAVIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
IGH-GRADE 2D-HAN D WHEKLS $25 UP;
sundries below cost. 216 McAllister. •
XTERY FINK '96 BICYCLE FOR 820. DAVID
V N. HAWLEY, 318 Market st.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
beat accommodations. Terminus Geary, _>
All later and Powell st. oar lines.
i'Olt SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
N UPRIGHT PIANO, NEARLY NEW 1 , FOR
third original cost. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant aye.
INE YOUNG FRESH MULE COW: THIRD
calf. Apply at the Red Houae, 5900 Mission
St., cor. Sickles aye., Ocean View. , >
YACHT-SLOOP; 26 FEET LONG; SKIFF;
X cushions and sidelights new. 1310 Pacific.
(♦-ARMED CRYSTAL CHANDELIER IN PER-
U feet order at a sacrifice. 321 Hyde at. .
TT<OR SALE— _ BKRGER TRANSIT;
X nearly new. EDWARD, 530 California at.
TVTEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
IN W. a RAY MFG. CO., 12 California at.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
Ing, eta, bought and sold. 1083 Mission, nr. 7th.
CIOFFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
YOUR BABT CARRIAGES AN D RAT-
XI tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
.profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First su,
near Mission. -;: i .-. c
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITBR,
$45; others from $20 up. REVALK. 409 Cat.
L, OILERS. ENGUSES.2D-HANDMACHINERY.
-I -> waterpipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 137 Beat e.
pOU N T RS, BHKLV ING. bHOWUAoEd
V- bars bought A solu. 1121 Markt,bet 7th A Bta
A LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. 8. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
*) HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— glne; good as new; $90. Apply 216 Bay st. . o
, UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHi_»
coors. mantPls. t»ta. f->r k»lq. 1 166 Minslon.
BEWING MACHINES.
A" KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, E±CH ANGE"d7
_£V_rgrUPd _rp paired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY. ~
A »LL EVENTS OF LIFE FORkTOLD BY THE
-TV horoscope: advice on all business speculation
my specialty, and business men protected by my
method; success guaranteed: oil and minerals lo-
cated by the science; correspondence by mail. DR.
ST. CLAIR, 916 Market su. room 26: hrs. 9 to 7.
NOW THY DESTINY-LOVE, MARRIAGE.
XV business, speculation, legacies and your future
mail 10a PROF, w. MONRQK. 761 Howard
CLAIRVOYANTS.
rj. IT AN A, THE GYPSY QUEEN. 8 TURK ST !
KA truthful In her predictions; reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9. »
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIR VOY-"
ant, card- reader, born v.iib a double veil anil
second sight: ladles sOc gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk at., nr. Jones.
"VI ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
Xv past, present and future: success to all- for*
tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission at, *
MRS. JACKENET— CLAIRVOYANT; CARD-
reader; names and ages given; SOa 5141%
Jones st. : " '•• ?--j ™
MISSMELVINA. CLAIRVOYANT AND MAG-
netlc-healer. Room 23. 145 Fourth st. ,
UCKY MEDIUM: CARD-READER: L«VE
marriage; ladles 26a 243 Shipley, near Fifth.
vi me. UANBEN, palmist, CAKD-KEADER;
-1" past, present and future; 25q 148 6th St., r. 5.
MME. DAVIS; CARD-READER AND PAI M-
lst: gents $1 12 'i Post at., room 2. ■
ME. LKGKTTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
futnre: 25c. 311 Tehama. upstairs, nr. Fourth,
n YPBY LIFt-READEK, REMOVED FROM's
VT Seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles 26c; cents 50a.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
IT* business advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth
MME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
m husband, wife; ladles 25.-, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
M MX MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM : REVEALS
■I*l past, present, futnre; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
AJMK. DR. IH...MAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 25
-i»l Ke^rnv. now 9-.0 Tost: fee SI -. letter S3
SPIRITUALISM. ~~
QOf> McALLISTER^MRa c ;" J. MEYER-
O^U test meeting* every night; 10c.; Tne &
I'M. 2 p.m.; business sittings dally at above Ha $1
.HP EST CHICLE TO-NIGHT Tfir mm b*
lloL°° NOi 6 ° 5 McAll^'^ Telephone
XI RS. KATE HOSKINB, TRANCE MEDIUM;
-ha sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st,
VIRs. SHRINER; CIKCLIi TO-NIGH 1: TESTS
■<■'»■ to ail, 26c; sittings dally. 311 Van Ness aye.
npO-NIOHT: KATE HKUSSMANN'S GRAND
X test meeting. 11l Larkin gu; adaaUsioti free.
ly ISUOPU A UK150N .22014 MCALLISTER
' - ances Tuesday. Friday even's. 10 to 4 dally.
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT sLaTK-
» writer. 118 Halght st.; hours 9 until 6 r _.
CIONCHITA,C\UD-READING: PAST, rKE*
I ent, future. 821 Howard st.. room 15. ■.-.-.
'. ■ . " . . IiYi'NOTISM. i ~~
: Ei^MTANiD~V?rAT~ >
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a so how to hypno ize .instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
la here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested in lia therapeutic effects: high.
est credentials correspondence solicited. Caa or ad-
dress Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute, 6 O'FarreU.. HOUSES TO LET. ,
CM 1 COTTAGE; 6 RUNNY* BOOMS. 709
*)$ 1 1 ♦ Laurel aye.. nr. Buchanan and Turk sis.
Q_A{\ HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; IN ■PERFECT
«jP*JO. order. 17i9 Broadway, near (faugh st.
(^UNNY REAR 'HOUSK; 5 ROOMS AND
v, bath: large yard; garden: basement: ront *12;
3 rooms and bah, 810. .1308 Greenwich st-
9-STORY; 6"ROOMS; BATH : LAUNDRY: PAN-
— try; basement yard; cheap. 730 Ciippst- nr. 23d.
■ft WALLER SI.; NE. CORNER — NICK
yJ house: 10 rooms and bath: sun all cay; »40.
Apply MADISON A BURKE. »
91 c go*ugh-nick"house: 9 rooms and
*«IO bath. $30. MADISON it BURIvE.
OA( j FELL-LA RUE-LOT; HOUSE, 8 ROOMS;
p\t-1 r,,.- : sss., Apply MAI'ISON ABU;
t-.-rv^i uou.ir.: tf Rooms: BATH; KENT
— $22, with water. Ml OOVUHt.
IUN.NY HOUSE: ''MX ROOMS; BATH; RENT
0 $18. 1.706 Baker st. ,
OOF; MODKRN SUNNY HOUSE; 6 ROOMS;
—O. bath; -largo flowtr-garden ; cellar. 613
Grove st. •>
iniQLiJIBAKB ST.-4 SUNNY ROOMS;
XU I *J large yard front $10.
OUSK HF 7 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH; BIG
yard-, reasonab!*' rent. 123 Tenth St.
L INK MO DE KN~IfoUSE 8 ROOMS; BATH;
X 1 eppservatory; lio,-air headers. 2919 California.
♦_)'-/• TWENTY-SECOND, NX. DOLQRES-5
OiJtJU nice sunny rooms and bath; rent $12 60.
SUNNY 8-ROOM. HOUSE — FIRST-CLASS
style; rent $45. 19u9 Buchanan st.
IP.OR THE CHOICEST LL-sT OF HOUSES GO
' to A. J. KICH 4 CO., Real Estate Agents, 112
Montgomery St. -
OUSK OF* 4 KOOMS, 1-URNIsHED; RENT
$14. Apply 615 Second st. .:
LEG AN .SUNNY HOUSE, 12 ROOMS; COX.
Twenty-first and Guerrero sis.; line view • elec-
tric cars, very low rent; see lv Key at corner.
17LEGANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 KOUJIf: MOD-
j era improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Me-
Allister St. ■ ■■ • .
HoUSKS TO KENT FOX VERY LJTTLK
money at BALDWIN HaMM-OND'S, 10
Monirnmerv -.:.
FIKXISHKD HOUSES.
~~~~ — -'-«*.* . ... - , -.
--ROOMED HOUSE. FURNISHED OH US-
' furnished. 1312 fine
COTTAGES TO LET.'
1 CAO O'FARRELLST.rNRrsTEINEU-COT-
XCV/O tase of 6 rooms and bath; rent moderate.
COTTAGE, 4 ROOM-; LARGE YARD; ~STA-
VJ bie for 2 horses. 15 Eureka, bet. 17th and 18th.
<Si. l -i(\ —1 ROOMS AND BATH; 483 HAIGHT.
V l '"' $15— rooms and bath: 943 Fourteenth.
$9—5 ro ms ana stable; Army St., cor. Potrero
aye. NICOL. 534% California &v
SUNN V COTTAGES. 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH,
yard and stable. Fifteenth anil Dolores sts.
Q-1A rj I COTTAGE IN TOWN, 3 TAY »T.,
•jplU «<->''. off Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
pOTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH; LARGE
\J yard; fine view: 23J3 Polk St.
pOTTAGE c 6 ROOMS BaTH, STABLE. YARD,
\J lar^e basement; rent $15. 107 Germania su.
• near Filimore. ,0
4 TO 6 ROOM NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES;
$10 to $15. SPECK &CO., 602 Market st.
909 1 MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
ZiOZ^roomsand bath; yard: flower garden: $18.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 0 CENTS -TH»
. -a. WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
•<■ X;UKXISHEI> FLATS.
IT 1 UKSTTUBE~B^Rb63I FLAT; • N^T^eXlilrs;
X good opportunity to buy. 27 Lafayette su 1
'. FOR SALE AT A NICELY FUR-
J nished flat: 7 rooms', bath. 125 Grov** at-
7 \ FLATS TO LET.
X^Tppe^fl atT^su'n ny~ koom£ BIF%
J (north side) t Halght"su ;
..O*(* 4-ROOM FLAT; WATER FREE. " 622
t^pU. Howard St., near First.
'on- TEHAMA6J.-A MODERN FLAT OF 6
D— O rooms and bath ; rent reduced. c
Q9"l ITOST-LOWKH FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
t/^-X« bath: rent $18; large yard. c
PPKR FLAT; '4 KOpM*; BATH* 2 BAY-
Li windows: sunny slile: $14. 418 ; s Lily ava
COZY 4-KOOM FLAT; MOIJKRN IMfHOV &
ments: walking instance;* r ut low. Owner,
DKA7CIN. 8 New Montgomery st. . ar:store.
PPEK FL°AT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH; NEW-
Iy papered. 410 Thirteenth st.
- 71 I 'NaToMA — FLAT: 4 KOOMS; SUN ALL
I £~1 day; large yard; i slo.
G" "ctaviaV bet waller AND BAIOHT,
•opp,. Va encia; fent greatly re need: th<-c ■ .1 -
est flats in the city: sun ail day; will be put in firs;-
c!a>s orser; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; $20 and $-5.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market s . o
(VI •> HYDE— MOST ~ KLEGANT FLAT
VXD in the CU7; 8 rooms, batn, butler's pantry,
• etc.; 5 niiuu'tes from Kearny or Market s:s- : $50.
■A pply. >iADISON <fc BURKE.
DKSIRABLE FL.ATS GV 3 ROOMS: IN PER-
AJ feet ordt-r; .Margaret place, off Turk: only a
few steps from Matketst.; rent reduced to $12:
water free; rubbish removed gratis; "keys 114
Turk st. Apply BoVEK, TOY & SUNNTAG. '
F YOU WANT A NiCi-: SIN.. V FLaT, OR
cottage, see me;. l have come nice furnished
cottages to iet. 1 . LUHKi.sKI, 7 city Hall are.
\\; HY PAY $20 TO »s3O PEK MONTH RENT
• " when you can get a sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath, In Mission warn' belt for $16 per mouth,
' water free. E. M. LUNG, 3-07 Twenty-second st.,
•cor. of MiSsiou. Vj '
HA Nir>OME~TPPEIC FLAT OF- 7 ROOMS
and batb; sun in every room. -409 Pacific
.aye., near o >mmore. o ■■ '
•D'.VLK PLACE, OF*' GOLDEN GATE AYE.,
•oeu-Leavt-nworth alid Hyde — 6 rooms and bath.
EDUCED Tl» *1B; NICE 4-ROOM FLATS:
•6, 12 and 22 Birch aye., off Larkiu, opp. City
•.Hall; newly papered! decorated. toIIAINWALD,
. BU.CKBKE' CO., O 218 qud 2SIO lioiiiiomcrsu
• QW.COR. FOLSOM AND THIRTEENTH .--TS —
OL 2 upper .flats, o and 5 rooms H.idtmth; 1 • ot-
' tage. 6 rooms and batn and stable fur 1 borse ai;d
'wagon; rent reasonab.e. Apply at 113 Thirteenth
St., near Folsom. . \ :
• -INE S.US NY 1 UPPER" FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND
•J? bath. 1006 Jackson, su, above Mason.
• T/LAT.S ,Kl)OdlS A"ND B-ATH;. FINELY DEC-
J} orated. 925 Grepnwicij st. '
UNNY TOP FLAT; 4 ROOM-; ALL LATEST
improvements. 713Groyesu
.41 o.*-Tj£yjssaoN— house ft ROOMS in 2
T,lO flats, newly pifpered: painted; large yard;
. $25, waiter free. o * . c
."VT I*C£ SUNNY FL.ATSOF4OR 5 ROOMS AND
. U-\ bath: reasonable., B Dearborn su, oil seven-
teenth, above' Valencia, -
ANTED— UOuD TENaNTs; RENTS,
from $10 -up lor Haas, cottages. SPECK <&
GO., 602 Market su . ■ ..
• -LATS c TO .tiii-iN T FOR .VERY LITTLE
- X money at BALDWIN ac HAMMOND'S, 10
.-jMpntgomery su ■ *
SUNNY FLATS: 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and $9. 2U41 Harrison, opp. 18th.
' XTPPER FLAT IF 6 MCX bUNNY ROOMS;
• .U rent $15 per month.* 434 Clementina su
TTPPKR FLAX. 6 ROOMS: BATH: CELLAR;
U opposite Lurline Baths. Key 1212 Larkln su
{i.]A tTPPER- FLAT; 4 ROOM-; hTIL;
<*J)IU. double parlors. 606% Stevenson at.,
• near Eighteenth. - ;
R' ENT CHEAK: FLAT; 4 NICi-. ROOMS. 616
THir^eeiith.^bet. Guerrero and Ma,rket
.- VIC.*; SUNNY FLA I ; V ROOMs; BATH; $25.
JL\ 1714 Howard St., nr. Thirteenth.
OTA 6 ROOMS, BATH, RANGE, SUNNY
XV. porch, Jersey and Sanchez sts.:. slo. 5
rooms, bath, 25 Chattanooga st., bet. Twenty- first
and .Twenty-second. * , '
IpLAT 1215 JACKSON. Nh.AR. LEAVEN-
worth; o»lso 1454 Leavenworth, corner Jackson;
each contains 6 rooms and bath: tilemantels; por-
celain tub: nearly new; rent, $25 and $i! 7 50. -
• o*l -\ NEW HAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH; UN
'jl'>. all day; 1226 Union su o-room flat;
1301 PacjflcßU -
FINELY FURNISHED FLAT OF 7 ROOMS;
gas stove. 103 Geary sU, cor. Grant aye.
UNNY "MTDDLE T F"LA~T~4~~RdOMS AND
SUNNY MIDDLE FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND
bath and yard*. 10 Shotwell, neir Fourteenth.
.VTICk' SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 7 ROOMS
Xi and bath: $27 50, 333 Halght. corner Webster
tTFFER, FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH; $14. 2178
> Fifteenth, near Markei.
.MODKRN SUNNY L'OUNKR FLATS, ~7 AND
rooms. Inquire at 417v 2 Third st.
, QQ 2 BUNNoY"iirooSi~FLATa AND PORCH.
O.'-' 71 Boyce su, off Point Lobos aye.
UNNY UPPr.R FLAT— 6 KOOMS. BATH,
laundry; modern improvements; reasonable.
28 nhotwell st. * •
r>LXT- 5 ROOMS, BATH: STABLE. 18 BY-
■l ington aye. •■ ■ ' .
Q(i7 > : ARMY, NEAR SANCHEZ— I' COM-
tJ'JIO pleted; sunny* modern upper flat; 6
rooms; cheap. - ■ ■ .
JJEAUTIFULB-ROOMKD, DOUBLE, MODERN
I » flat;corner,Bunny,d l ecorated: 2 baths; rent $35.
reduced from ¥40. Apply 112 scott su.nr. Halght,
1 Q9QI SACKAMENTO— FLAT OF 6 ROOMS;
JO^O^'gas; bath: rent $16.
<m 1 A WATER F«EK - L VKLY LOWER
0 1 "x. modern 4-room flat; sun ail day. 15 Pond
St., half block from Market and Sixteenth. ; -
UNNY BAY - WINDOW. FLAT FIVE
room* and bathroom; rent $20. 1652 Polk
St., pear Clay.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 1710 WASH-
Ington, nr. Polk: 6 rooms; bathroom: rent $25.
1 OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE
■ I i rm-: yard. 30 Moss. BeL 6th and 7th. off Howd.
£,ic 5 SUNNY KOOMs: BAY-WINDOW.
rfrlD. 281/3 West Mission,' near Twelfth. •
~T vVEiiK'B NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TILTS
. V WEEKLY CALL, to wrapper, for mailing.
• Vl'O ; LKASE..
F" ' OB^BENT OH f'LKAftE-^66-vXBA^LOT'~BEr
cor. Polk ' and Jackson sts.: rent $50 per
moutn. Address J. a., 427 Sansomn tU& it. '
HOUSEKEEPING ROOBIS.
Avery Street.
O AVERY, OFF POST ST., NR. FILLMORE— 3
y. furnished rooms for bath aud housekeeping,
$ 1 O iiO.
Jbush Street.
2f2 ? ?* 08H — ■ PARTIALLY FURNISHED
*" 1 — *-* rooms for light housekeepins-
•fc-Udy Street.
91 "1 KDDY— 3 OR 4UN FURNISHED ROOMS;
" 1U fine location: private family: reference.
Ul .7 EDDY_2~,,R 3 NICELY FURNISHED
«-"X « housekeeping rooms; private family.
• ii,ii Oct..
] 1 Q FIF m-SF.CON 1) FIAT, 2 FURNISHED
1* ' ; housekeeping rooms. $3; single room, »1 60
I<l"S' *" IFTU - 2 Turn mi F.D . t oii
1 ~t*J> housekeeping. $12p -rnionth; also others.
QOK FIFTH— CLKA •> FURNISHED iiOUSE-
D^.O keeping; 1, $9; 3, gi 3; single, $5.
i oifcoiti Mice. .
wOJT FOL<n.M- LARGE SONNY FURNISH-
*J~U ed room: light housekeeping; $«.
Q7A. F'^-^.M. sT.— NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
01 *I housekeeping uu.l single; reasonable. ■
1 ouitli, Street..
J 1 '.> FOURTH -THREK LARGE ROOMS,
IXtJ bath, yard and cellar; cheap. ■
1011 GKARY . OPP. PARK-$l6; ALCOVE
it'll suite and adjoining room, with porcelain
sink: bath: 3 closets: furnished.
QOO f.M Fv*H ADULTs; SCOMFOKTAKLE
fIT— — .«J»/. rV>oins: bnth; ail uece.s3aries;2 beus;
reference required. 1917 Geary st. •
i».i:rl>.oii Street.
1 117 HARRISON, BET. SKVKNTn AND
li'l I Eighth— 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping: rent reasonable. '
Li>utnl !».ree .
1 "• 19 HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
-1 1 "i—. keeping sooms: range; $10.
1 - 1 •• A Hi 1 A A tID— MCE HOT *EKI£EPINO
10 1 O rooms, furnished or unfurnished -
17C HOWARD, NEAR FOURTEENTH—
Xt OO Alcove parlor: large kucheu; new and
nicely furnished ; every convenience; sun nil day;
rent $20; reference. '
Ivy Avenue.
1 9 A IVY AYE — 2 FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
-1 — -t nished rooms for light housekeeping; large
yard.
Ol X IVY AVK., OFF FRANKLIN ST., BET.
010 Hayes and Grove— 3 sunny furnished
rooms: exclusive Kitchen: adults onl . : $16.
m iii.<>< -;veei.
Ol O JONES-FOR LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING,
010 3 furnished rooms; upper floor.
■nHllin ' f to., '
C7Q MIKNA, NEAR SEVENTH-LARGE
« • 1 O front rooms and kitchen complete; sunny
yard; Cheap. ' ;.-;•) -■.
JUm,.iih e«..
1 (\C)A M't^SION— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
J-U — rcoms for housekeeping, i, Bor 4. - ■
1 AQO Ml^lOS— NEWLY FURNISHED
XV JO rooms, complete for Housekeeping: $18.
1 (IXO MISSION— 2~sT ~II(J U BKKEEI '-
XXJOO ing rooms; American family: cheap rent.
191 M mission- — FURNISHED HOUSE-
i«Iu keeping rooms: gas: bath: no children.
I 9;: 1 MISSION, COR. NINTH- a LAK.iifi
!■— sunny front housekeeping rooms: $14.
Nuiom* Mice..
9QA NATOMA-'.' SUNNY UNFURNISHED
-OV housekeeping rooms: 2 closets; $8.
'*""••« -Mil 1 a street.
9A NINTH, NR. MARKET-FRONT SUITES
■£-\-' lor light housekeeping or single: grate.
•/I -^ NTH — BAY-WINDOW KoOMli >OR
— -i- light housekeeping: running water: also
others.
I 99 NINTH — FRONT AND BACK PARLOR
X—— suite, famished hsekpn-,-: gas bath; cher.p.
• Oak street.
a n OAK— TWO large UNFURNISHED
— '*i * rooms, suitable for housekeeping; $8.
OctHvia Street. . ,
1 103 OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— FURNISH-
X"l"'Oed; bay-windows; kitchen; gas stove;
$12 up. . .
1 1 hi r<<ll >iit-iii,
Q9P. O'FARRELL— UPPER FLOOR; 3 SUNNY
U~*O rooros; ligut housekeeping; private family.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
Front and bacic parlor; furnished for housekpg.
Point Louiiii Avenue.
91 On POINT LOBO — 2 FUBNISUEn SIN-
— I _\/ ny rooms lor housekeeping; Lath; no
children: $12. . .
jo.k street.
n-l 1 POLK— SUNNY, FURNISHED ALCOVE
Ul 1 with kitchen, gas stove, bath; also single
rooms.
second Street.
«99 SECOND — SUNNY ROOMS; HOUSE-
rxJZUJ keeping; water; bath: her rooms: $i up.
Silver Street.
IHQ SILVER— 3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
I \J'J front rooms, large kitchen and yard, for
housekeeping.
1 iur«l street-
pOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD ST.: SINGLE
\J suites, light housekeeping. $5 up: yard.
Twentieth Street.
Q{'99 TWENTIETH, NEAR VALENCIA—
OU-^2 sunny connecting furnished rooms:
housekeeping.
kdu'^CMi AVrilim.
71 A VAN NESS AYE. — SUNNY FRONT
I '■ v/ rooms, conlpletely furnished for house-
keeping: ?lh.
Welsh Street^
1 1 A WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY
J 1 " furnished room.i for housekeeping; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
X*evisur|<>r<» Street.
1 QQQ DEVISADERO. COR. CALIFORNIA—
i ODD Elegantly turnisbed sunny rooms.
I kin 1, : true..
QHKBMA?» APARTMENT MOI'SB. 7« jjrTH
i. ■ .. !,ee.r Market: furnished and unfurnished.
— --.1. *■ 1 ••«>«.•
rpilK KASIONA. 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATF, %
1 HART, manager— a quiet boose: rentrtlly lo-
cated : newly furnished; elevator: hot it cold. wa>r.
991 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOK BEST
O— 1 lodging we recommend thcttosedala House.
Ron KLLIt?— NICELY FURNISHED. ROOMS
% —\t for one or two: reasonable.
ioUum Street. -
'ja FOLPOM — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
uiU bay-window room; moderate terms.
Q'7 FOLt-OM— SUNNY ROOMS: WELL FUR-
'JO I nUbed; front. $2; outside. $1 25 upward,
per week. " ' ■
Q/«r FOLS-OM, COR. SIXTH— NEW, KL^C-
•- ' )• > scant lodgings; saitable office dentist or
physician.
• oeary *• eel.
917 GEARY— 3 SUNNY ROOM'S IN REAR;
«1 I cottage: key premises. • . -
A 1 Q GEARY— RENOVATED AND NEWLY
rtxo furnished suites and single; or homekpng.
Cl Q GEARY — KLEGANT SU .> NY PaS
010 lors; single or en suite: other sunny rooms.
77 A GEARY— ELEGANT SUITE; BEAUTI-
I I" fully furnished: suitable for physician;
reasonable.
1 IHI GEARY (THE MARTINKTTE), COR,
X iMX Van — Fine suites; newly furnished.
. «.. ut- 11 Cain Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY* BAY-
+*XO window room: other sunny rooms; $5 up.
1 Xfk^ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 ~UNFU"R-
-lv"" nished. sunny rooms; nlcegaroen; yard.
_ j.owurU ».r..'.; . .
/^9Q HOWARD, OPP. NEW MONTGOMERY—
\J£iD Quiet, c can single room; *4 upward.
Julie* srr»«-.
m JONES— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM: ALSO
suni.y suite; private. '-. ,
*)(\7 .'•'>" r - M — IHlk VAN •AJNKii*"..- N'KW
>->'! c,«nat«-nien: rlegaa; tunny suites and
tingle;- tirwly iurntshed; tatn. etc.: *10 to SHi).
I «*rnr Mr««..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, ' 127 KEARNY —
/A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
date in every respect; terms reasonable. , ■
Xklfcr - .00 .
V OSEMITR HOUBK 1045 MARKET- PIER
1 night, 350 to $1 : week. $1 60 10 $6: families.
J.cAtlnmr Mree-c. .
9901 McAllister; OPP. city hall—
£j£AJt Large sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms: suitable for offices; also 2 suites. -
" "" 3111111:1 Street.
FLAO MINNA— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
O v U rooms, comple c for housekeeping. .
£/»7 MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH—
DO I furnished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
: ,■■ ■ : :.X»k»lnn!', r :'ie»;.:;!"r
CA 7 MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
U*x I rooms by day, . week :or . month, 26c to $ 1
per day.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
_ ROOMS TO LET-Contlnued.
.. >aioma Street.
94 O NATOMA. BETWEEN THIRD AND
&^& Fourrh— Sunny f urnishea rooms.with closet,
$1 a week. -
7/ .9 natoma, COK.\ KB l-.IGHTH — NIC:
I ' •— furnished sunny front room; bath, hot and
cold water; double bed; cheap. , :
a i.rr#, 1 I 3u-e«>', (
1 99 O'FAKRELL - ft>UNNY ROOMB, ELE-
XZdn gantlv furnished; central; reasonable.
inn btreec'
9«X POST— BUILDING IS MOST CEN-
•*-«»«J trally located; best appointed offl es and
apartments in the city, every room laree, light and
airy : trcmlemau'* apartments furnished or unfur-
nished: all modern conveniences, elevator.
JIL; I OsT- LARGE LIGHT SUNNY ROOM;
rXXKJ suitable for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
i'owell Street. .
99.^ POWELL — LARGE SUNNY CORNER
iu-iO room; new furniture: basement room: 86.
- Seventh Street.
"I Or' SEVENTH - NICELY FURNISHED
«JU front single rooms: $1 per week. •
1 4V SKVENTH— PLEASANT UOOMS FOR
-*■ ~*^- housekeeping: also single rooms. - '■■"
Mllli * raui.
*>O SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS; NEW FIRE-
tJO proof building; all conveniences; quiet.
Stevenson street. -
AO7 STEVENSON, BETWEEN FIFTH AND
• Wxth— To let, 4 elegant rooms; rent $16;
very convenient, Apply within, or 705 Oak st.
f;97 b TKVKNTON— fJMALLDOUBLE ROOM;
\J-j I $1 a week: upstairs: lady preferred.
Stockton street.
TTUROPEAN (THE), 17 . STOCKTON— FUR.
XJ nished suites, $4 to $10 ;'slngle rooms, *1 60 to
$3 week; sOc to $2 night: hot and co.d running
water In evrry room: baths: e.evator: transient.
909 1 STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
*-*J~% rooms: suites or single: reduced rates.
i. «-• >«*r . re<t..
Z] A GUTTER— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
« ' ' I rooms, en suite or single; low rent desira-
ble tenants.
7<\Q M TT 1-,H, CO K. LOR— ELEGANTLY
t \JO newly furnished sunny rma; suite oralngie.
1 1 J s SUI IKR, COX. PoLK, OVER WAKK-
-I -» T-O lee's drugstore — .Sunny, newly papered
nnd furnished aui:e tor doctor's office or other pur-
poses: rent only $20; others.
1 >sVd SUTTEK— A SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
J.O— rl front room and kitchen, furnished for
light housekeeping; gas stove; In private house;
reference •
'luylur .Strco.,".
"I nn TAYLOR— 2 LACGK ROOMS; RUNNING
XVfV water; closets- suitable for 2 men; $1 week.
P. 9 T A YLOJ4. R. POST — NEWLY FUR-
■ '—.— uislied aunny rooms; all modern conveni-
ences.
aI 9 TAYLOR— Nl ELY FURNISHED
\rX Zj large sunny suite; rent $15.
tenth Street.
m TENTH, NKAR MARKET— 1, 2OR 8
large sunn>- rooms.
.*.' ;'".' lUtrd Sn-eo..
Ol 7 THIKD— LARGE. SUNN Y.CLE AN RMS.;
OX I double Or single; aay. week or month.
'1 urk btrt-'oi.
C 9/11 TURK -SUNNY FRONT ROOM; ALSO
t)-Tli others, $5; bah; gas-
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
(TT^VANN "" oVa'r'reliL— H A.vK
0 1 Oautnsly iurnlshed suite; bath, dressing-
room an joint use of piano, parlor, etc.: home
cooking; private family: flower car.len: couple or
young men; fine location lor physician: reasonable.
Cl ] 1 o'l- arukll— nick sunny ROOM,
OX. 1 suitable for 2; board optional. .
L UKNISiIKI) ROOMS, WIT 1 OK WITHOUT
r board. 3 Martha pact-, on* Geary, neir Mason.
SAN r bTJNNY FRONT ALCOV'K ROOM
-I n cely furnished, wltn excellent home cooking;
private family; terms moderate. Address Cen-
tral, box 7, Call Office.
PL A*I POWELL — bUNNY CORNER SUITES
k)\JZ. on smternt.; excellent board ; reduced rntes.
QAOVANNJESS— NEWLY FURNISH Kl ' bU«.
Owl' ny raoniS: good board; reasonable. <
1 7^ HOWARD— NICE, CLEAN. comfort-
I i«J«/able room: large closet, qua and ba:h,
with good home cooking; $18 per month.
OT«.LBtiRTLI.NG, 714 BUSH ST.— A FA M-
lly hotel: references given and required: all
modern conveniences.
I PLOA CALIFORNIA — PLEASANT SUNNY
• U— "J alcove room: also others; newly fur-
nished; with board.
19 1 EDDY — ELEGANTLY FIR.MSHED
1— 1 rooms; tab!* and appointments strictly
first class. . •
71*7 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
I♦> 1 parlors or tingle; use of piano; board op-
tional. r;
STORES TO LET. "
LARGE BUILDING > Tr ATjMrTTTTPcIu'AR
Xi factory, etc., 704 sanso.-nc St.: rent very low.
SHAIi'WALu. BUCKi>EE & CC., 218-220 Mont-
gomery st.
/"'ORNiilt STORE, CEMENT BASEMENT
yj and four rooms; suitable for bakery or drugs;
rent cheap. B. 8.. box 11 a. Call.
31 POLK. NEAR MARKET— LA RUE STORE
•J3 4 rooms; yard; rent reasonable.
I XROE SI ORE, WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
J-/ and show-window* ; located 420 Suiter ht.
Apply to K. ?!rKI.H' V. 4 Phelan fling. >
OFFICES TO i<ET. ~~"
CA LIFIORN7A^ANirTETD^sI)oTu :: F^7LT^7rD
) L. and G. building— Sunny offices: light, water,
beat and Janitor services free: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
PLfIA SUTTKR, COIT POWELL, — SUNNY
*J\J\J front suite, suitable for physician: 01 . hers.
VIXK OFFICES: 23 KEAKNY &T.; SUITA-
X' ble for tiny business.
VJ PKh.CKELS IiUILDINi*. Ml MARK'KT-
-0 Elegant si'iinv ottices. $12 60 op; electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at buiidlu<
nr U. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSES.
If or sTL^TiGTrrTo^rD^nEA^oTiTLTc^s^
. standard bre I Eclectics: also standard-bred bay
mare by Jr.ros, well broken; must be no:d, or will
be exchanged for pacers. Can be seen at 847
Fremont st., and trial givan.
A HORSES FOB SaT.e"fOß BOARD: 1 FINE
T^'sadale-horse: cheap. 16* Golden Gate aye.
G TREAT BARGAIN; MUST BE SOLD ON AC-
- ' count of death; 2 good hordes, 'harness and
top express-wagon ; cood cundition; cheap. Inquire
1224 Turk si , near Webster. -
r Pii X EMPORIUM SALEM YARDS, 220 V A.
X lencla su, is the place to go if you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales «very Saturday at 11 o'clock.
t(| HEAD DRIVING A.MJ WOKIC HOliSaS;
«Jt" weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. »62 Howard si.
1 CA bETSNEW AND SECOND HAND HAK-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, toggles, surr«.yv
rockawars, carts: must be sold, il^B Mission *;
I AKOE YOUNG DRAFTUORSES; HALTER
Xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
I 1 \t 1 BUT NKW AM) biCO.NU-UAMJ UAH-
*J\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy.wacon, carts, surrey
dtrockaway. -10 cheap horses. 1 6th ami Valencia.
/(iiHohaiia ±v>k SALt; AL.IJ Wagons
I\J bugrles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hotm
Market, S?7 Slx:h St.; auction sales every W«du«w
flar. HI 'LI. IV • & lioVI.K. Aoctloni»<>r<.
WAGONS A> : D OAKKIAGES. ".
roil' Sale— cheap: new anTrkcwX
X hand wagons; also tea and spice wagon. 13*0
Turk st. , .
V W AND SKCON D-H AND BAKERS', LA"u"n"
X*4 dry. milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and 2 fln« buggies. 828 Harrison at. -
V"E\V & SECOND-HAND WAGONS;BAKEKY.
Xi laundry and delivery; cheap. 414 Broadway.
VOR SALE. AT EASTERN PRICES. FINK
X carriages of every Iption: cash,' notes or
Installments. Carvill Mfg Co., -16-4 M Bth a:., H. F.
DENTISTS. "
rT£Tt. citANZ- EXTRA Cr76^ PAINLEsSr
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
.C 5.7 A SET FOR TEETH— WARRANTED AS
O' good as can be made; filling $1 DR. .>I.\IMS,
dentist, 930 Market si.., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60C: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815*4 Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.. NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates an- made; old plates made over like new:
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR.
li. G. Young, 1841 Polk at.
R.J. J. LEEK. 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gateave.; open evenings: -Sundays till noon.
ROOME DENTAL ASsOCI A 1 lON. 7.)» MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists: painless
extracting. with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill, Cl up.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEK, TxlK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
. and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'Farrellst.
1/ULL SET OF TEKTII, $7; .WARRANTED
P live years; rxtractlon, : 50c.: fillings, 50c.;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlon, 24 Sixth.
1.-'IRST-CLASW DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
r prices: first-class results: painless extraction:
Tei:Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D., 600 Sutter
LL WORKTOSUITTIMKS;WARRANTED.
DR. KEa, 1370 Market at-, front City Hall. ;
K. L'UCKETT, 1703 Po-T ST.. NEAR UO-
-■ cnaaan; gas given: crown and bridge wore. | j
„» LL WORK REASON A AND WAR-
A ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE. _
A^TONrELDiUDGE & CO. " -■-■r^-yy-r-r^. "■ -"- ■
ASTON, ELDiUI'UE <fc co. ..i '-:•:-
EA6TON, ELDKIDGiS & CO.
638 MARKET STREET.
638 MARKET STREET.
638 market STREtT.
INVEB • MKNTS
FOR INCOME,
FOR SPECULATION.
QCJ^nn MAKE OFFER; BE. COR. OAK
fJpiJO\t\J. and Lyou sts.; 2 elegant flats of 8
rooms and bath each; handsomely decorated: in
first-class condition: cost $14,000: don't fall to
examine this at once as it must be sold this week
on account of bank foreclosure. 7JJ&M3B
©Q-;AA HOWARD ST.. NR. EIGHTH: 3
tSOO\J\J. good flats of 6, " 7 and 8 rooms and
bath cam, in Al condition; ' always occupied;
pays $882 per annum. ,
<&. 7Z\C\n CLINTON ST., NR. BRYANT, 2
0 I O\J\J. substantial houses of 7 tenements;
rents (67 per month: mortgage $.5600 can re-
main; lot 60*75; this is a bargain.
Qj^Pfkfl NOEBT., NR.I6TH; 8 HANDSOME
«jpUUUU. fiats of 5. 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; pays 9720 per annum; this is a snap; must
be sold at 01.cc.
QAfinfl 3 FLATS OF4 AND 6 ROOMS AND
«Ip-iVUW. bath, nr. Valencia and 13th sts.;
well built; brick foundation, etc.: rents $35 per
mouth.
qjOtJ-ft CLARA ST., NR. 4TH: 3-STORY
(4. «)_t)U. house in 4 tenements; rents $40; see
this at once. „
BUY NOW.
{ BARGAINS IN RESIDENCES ; . .■ .
j AT SACRIFICE PRICES. ■ >- i
'©TO (\()f\ ELEGANT-MODERN RESI-
«iP I^.UUU. deuce on a northwest corner,
facing the Park Panhandle; 8 rooms and bath;
billiard-room, wine closet, etc.: house cost $826.0;
terms $2500 cash, balance easy.
i <s:(?nnn fine 2- story bay-window
I «jpU"JUI/. residence. 8 rooms and bath: Scott
! St.. opposite Alia Plaza; exceedingly choice neigh-
; borhood; sacrificed account of $6000 mortgage
about, to be foreclosed. .
€i*3"^nn NEW MODERN -.STORY RESI-
<n«J»-'Wv/. dence of 6 rooms and bath. In the
choicest residence portion of progressive Rich-
mond;. In the best condition; complete In all de-
tails; easy terms. . ;( . 
<& Qf\(\(\ HANDSOME house OF 7 rooms
tip D\J\J\J. end bath, in the Mission; lot 25x
114: handy to several car lines; only $500 cash,
balance on easy monthly installments.
CHOICE LOTS.
I BEDMCCK PRICES.
KAKK OPPORi UNITY FOR BUYERS.
*.1000-Cor. 31st and Point Lobosaves.; 125 x
120: dui-etl. *■.--..'•■- ..  ■ .
$30 ( o— Kills, tir. fcjtelner; 25x137:6.
8 600— Page, nr. Shrader: 25x137 :». .-'■:
$2-JOO— NW. cor. on Sanchez; 100x126; will sub-
divide.
| $1750— Clay, nr. Spruce: 25x127:8.
i 1500— Point Lobos road, nr. 22d aye.: N. side;
1 40x1 CO; cheap lot.
' ' $1250— St., nr. Bryant; 25x90.
i £1000— 4 th aw., nr. Calitorniu; 25x120. -
! $700— South aye., iir. lucnland; Holly Park:
50x100. . v
$-400 each: 2 choice lots on Duncan St.; 50:ilx
114; ready for building.
$250— Moniton aye., nr. Detroit: Sunnyside; 25x
112:6. •
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & co.
ASTON, KI.DRIDGE & CO.
EASION. KLDBIDGK <fc CO.
. 638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARK I ST.
1 /' TO 1 OUTCLASSED!
GREAT EXCITEMENT CAUSED BY A
FALSE RAT 01!!
The ratio of value between the real worth of the
64 lots recently placed on the Markolby us and the
; prices asked is not correct. Not only are the prices
: asked at an Incorrect ratio when comparea with
1 the real value of the properly, but the prices asked
■ are also at false ratio with your money. In other
i words, we believe you can obtain too much lor
your coin.
Our opinion is shared by others, and a number of
the lots have been sold. Don't wait for the ratio
ito be chan^d Don't wait for the prices to be
i raisi d. Buy now and reap the benefit of the ad-
! vance.
64 LOTS.
Wl 50 UPWARDS,
-i;;,. YOUR OWN Tr.RMS.
lots front on Frederick. Col , Stanyan, Hhrader
and Biulah streets. (-0 and see tbem to-day. Our
; agent will be on the ground to aUtrlbute diagrams.
■ Remember these lots are near the Part, near the
Affiliated College«*"*near several street 'Car lines, I
Splendid resilience sites, and best Investment lots
in the city.
• BALDWIN * HAMMOND.
10 .Montgomery st.
pAYABiJC IN SILVJSK.
i $750— Lot 60x100: on main street, near station,
in Berkeley; $15 monthly. .
$250— Lot 26x100; near station: $5 monthly.
one-half iu-r ; superb views; $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery st.
0»9/lfin. MUST BE SOLD: NEW HOUSE OF
tiJ-IUU. 6 sunny rooms and bath; Hamp-
! shire st,, near 21st: lot 26x100; very cheap prop-
I erty. E. M. LONG, 3207 2:! d su. cor.MiSilon,
1 after 7:30 p. M.
EUMA N MURPHY, 628 M KK.-.T ST.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
$2300— Nice ton-, bay-window house of 6
rooms and bath; concrete foundations; nearly
new aod in fine condition: house coit $2500 with-
out the lot; money to loan on first and second
mortgages.
CUW^M NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
«ITU^.t»i/. choicest part of Asbbury Heights.
Frederick St., near Asnbury; contain 6 and 6
rooms and have every modern Improvement; well
planned: sun in every room; marine view; In-
come $660 per year; size of lot 26x116. For per-
ml; to Inspect apply to TOBIN & McNALLY, 630
I Market st.
\\' ILL BUILD COTTAGES. HOUSES OR
" flats at lowest prices for cash or installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call «nd ex-
amine plans. DAN ELNbTEIN, Builder, 630
Markets*. „ .
ÜBSTAN'IIAL modern HOUSES built;
$160 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and Bee plans. 1149 Mission.
Cj^Art CASH. BALANCE RAMK AS RENT,
«_ ill'U lor a new house on ea»t fide of Cole St.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; lame lot '2 5x125;
ail modern Improvements. Apuly on pram's**.
MONEY TO LOAN.
<Kfin nOfi *° LOAN ON CITY PROPERTY;
<tJr\J\J*\J\J\J low Interest: owners only. Ad-
dress Cash, box 124, Call Office.
<»£ i On unn AT low rates: city
(JIUU.UUUaad Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINW ALP, BUCKBKK&CO.. 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCKS ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES.
X\- jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWJbILUx*
b'l'OKß. 948 Market st. ; open evenings.
MONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER,
fat per month for each S1000; snme rat* we-
ond mortgage or life insurance, coin, box 2. Call.
"\ I ONE V LOANtO JItWHUV AN
I'l other valuables at the Security Loan Offlca.
31Ct>Marketst..nr. Mason: private en 7 Turf.
I | iIKKCT US YOl/KFUKNI'IURIS OH PiaXj
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
lniero«L Km. 68. D:<nohne bldg. 1170 Market «c
! ANY AMOUNT; IST. 'lit or 3D MOKTGA<Jtti
I A estate*, ondlvided interests, real estate in ur>
I bate. v McCOLOAN. 24 Montcomerr. room I. "
NY AMOUNT: LOWEST RATE; IST ft 2 D
mortgage: flat or installment. Dryden. 635 Cal
ITYREALESI ATE:ADV ANC: on is
y pianos, furniture. bPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
Xgecurltr: low Interest. N., box 16, Call Office.
T OANS ON * FURMIURE AND PIANOS
i^wlthotit removal: low Interest, R. 3, 21& Powell
r * DV ON 1)1 AMOS I«,J V , i-.TO j
-'* Columbia Loan & Collateral OfHco. V (irani «r«,
Ql'Z.fl UP; NO DELAY; IST AND 21) MORT-
<S)U\J gages: Int. In estates. MURPHY.62W Mrtt
\fONli"i TO LOAN ON CITY REALESTATK
IVI McK' /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery at.
1 OANH "OX • ALL SECURITIES.- ROOM 1,
J j 24 Montgomery st.
j PAWNBROKERS.
wise' "and Wave interest; money
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and >e-
curlty Office, r. 7. I loodbl.lg : entrance 809 Mkt.
T 126 KKARNV ST., ROOM 9— MONK V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc: low rates;
private room < »: elevator:, i'l"dyes for sal" cheap.
riNANCIAL. ,
ONEY On'"han£'tO LOAN- ON
estate In lots of $300 to 160,000: no delay.
W. H. BUSCH, 410 Pine st. .■■.,;..-.:.
1 Ili'\ | in/\ Til LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
tJll/l/.'IUU Apply rm 2-'g. Cal.safe fifp.Bldg
It \ ' ; . V money wanted.
'TpTARTVI^LU^RXTTvK^To^rnMN^^
X like loan of $160 for 60 days; high rate of in-
tf-r «t pMid - H. H., box 57, Call. . 
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
SEND FOR 'OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
loraala. WOO3TKK A WHI'ITUX smS;
ACUKH TI.MBEK LAND, KERN CO.:
l£i\J\' wolor: fln»»?orcar':i«-i—i < tnT. N..hx.16.C»1l
;~~ ~~~ . STORAGE. ■ . ..-.'.■.
TLawTIIATE3^FURNitUBE,VARp£T^
pianos, etc.; clean, dry, light compartments.'
advances made. J NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mis-
eion, above J-ixid: open evenings. , . .
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY? FIRE-
O . proof building; advances made. 211 Lark In. ,'
J^UKNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS; • AD-
r VRn«»s. shipping. II -VS. 1,. AYLOl<.'Jfl4 Poit.
~ CHILDREN: BOARDED./. ~~
•YOUNG FRENCH LA DV WISHES TO TAKE
X charge of children : wonid have best car* and
pleasant home. Address 0., 800 Alice »U, Oakland. .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
To RENT-A SMALL ORCHARD," WITH
liouse ;of -5 rooms; • barn; »nd chlci-' en-yard;
within •£ blocks of -the Oakland and San Letniiro
electric railroad: and 5 acres of farm land with
small bouse and barn and 350 acrrsof good hill "
land. D-KIVKU.ABER & 0., ban Leandro. Cal.
HOM! STEAD: GRAPE: EARLY FRUIT LO-
catlon; lovely stream: fine oak timber: Sauta
Clara footbllla: f aOO. 531 California s;., room 1.
1 (lOn ACRESCIIOICEGRAINLAND.NEAR
X'"l/V/ Woodland, Yolo County, for sale or ex-
change for fine residence or business property:
this land Is free of incumhrances ana there must
be No. 1 property submitted.
OK ACRES IN NAPA COUNTY: 15 ACRES ,
£-O full-bearing orchard; on county road; good .
house, barn; complete set of implements: borse,
cows,- chickens: everything first-class: sale or ex-
change.. .
91 A ACRES OF LAND IN PLEASANT VAL-
4u~\\J ley; 180 acres cultivated and balance can
be if cleared of timber; bouse of 11 rooms; lar=e
barn; : plenty of; water; just the place for a road-
house and store; will exchange.
.\.i\ EDWIN K. AL6IP & CO.
Room 29, second floor, Mills building. Sin Fran-
cisco. ■ ■ .
I'OKCKD SALE — CHOICE LEVEL FUUIT i !
X and vegetable land: 1 mile from Plea-Canton, j
Alameda County;. 1% hours from San Francisco:
In small tracts, graded from $20 per acre: title
per ec: ; biggest bargain in the Mate; must be sold;
Investigate. 67 Chronicle building. ; -. ,
OMALL HOMKS ON VERY EASY TERMS,
0 *2000; 10 acres fully Improved, near «anta
Rosa. 92500; 10 acres Napa City, 15 acres. 92500;
Napa City; all places have good improvements. 1
tools, etc I.C. SLHARKF, 20 Montgomery st. \
, aroain — ranch PLE VSANTLY situ-
-1 ated In the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa: suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a |
fruit or chicken farm; large bouse and barn:
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address P. o.
box 239, Napa, Cal. ■ ' - .. ■ -i- ■■.
NY ON V. WANTINit a" KANCM FOH
grazing.. purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required.
balance In 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery St.
LIITI.K HOMES, CLO.-K TO TOWA; I»T
proved: easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces '
on 8 and 10 years' credit- D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market St., S- F.
ALFSKCTION OFGOOD LAND IN TULARK j
County, for improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or San Francisco. AUdretu A, box 87
Ci.V. OtHi-i.. - • ■ .
1 '
MEDICAL.
ALL CASfcS " OF~TRREG UL ARITIEa RE-
st<r d at once; safe nnd sure relief eusran-
teed- travelers heli.td without delay; Hume in
confinement: regular physician of long and suc-
cessful practice; medic.il electricity and said reme-
dies tor all female coraplalu.s: ladies call and
Rttr.e your easy bef re Mint treated elsewhere;
you will save time and expense; consultation free
ana eonttden ia . MRS. l»i>. WYETH, 91d Post
«t., Dr. Larkln. • .-...-.
BI.ESHINO TO LADIKS SUFFERING
from lrregu'arittes and diseases peculiar to
their sex; latest improved method of treatment;
never falls: perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make tliem
well; travelers helped mime iia'.eiy; prices to suit
the times; home in coutlnement. DX. MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister jt,. next Illbernia Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills, $2;
hours from 9 A. M. to 5 p. M. arid 7 to 9 P. M.
* NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
•<» ment or ivorthltn pill -i used: every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat- |
ter from what i % us-; restores always in one day; 1
can be sent and used at home : all cases guaranteed ; '
if you want to be itenUd s:>ie and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
DR. FOULET'B FRENCH^ CAPSULES. A
guaranteed absolute cure tor all female Irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively safe
and sure; no danger or after effects; taken in tlnv,
it also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., ban rrancisco.
T ADIEsTcHiciIESTER'S ENGLISH PESKY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best: safe, re-
liable; take uo other. bend 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, ••Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mall;
•t druggist's- Chlcheater Cbero. Co., Philadelphia,
B. GOODWIN MAKES -A SPECIALTY OF J
diseases of women and restores all cases of j
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or j
co chance; separate home fur patients; best skill; I
low fees: regulator $'-'. 904 McAllister gt. !
SURE CORK FOR ALL FKMALfc: DIS- ''
eases, from whatever cause: nome in confine- '
men: ; every comfor.: satisfaction guaranteed or
■ money refunded. MBS. DR.GWYKR, SZSTnrksc !
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dlt. JORDAN AT i
his museum,- 1051 Marxrt St.: his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment; 1
the worst cases treated satlsfac orily by mail.
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A UO.iN TO 1
XV. lau'es troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; »2 50 express 1. O. 1).: don'tdelay
until 100 late. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland, Cat.
RS. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BE- I
tore and during confinement: infants adopted !
into good homes; treats all female coinplaniu or 1
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. ■ !
> i RS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
Al confinement; 25 years' experience. 655 Mia- j
Sinn st. - . .-. ..,.., ... . ;
MP.H. DR. RAY, SPECIALIST ON PRIVATE |
diseases; no cure, no pay. 12 Mason, room S. {
B^ DR. bCOTT— fEMALE SPECIALIST; i
diseases of the eye treated. . - _'16 Powell st.
F IRRKUULAK OHA.NY FK.MALK J.H-EASK |
see MRS. DR. I'UKTZ and be content. 254% *ih.
P.. HALL, 14 McALLJSI EH STB BET. Nt.AR
Jones. Diseases of women and children.
PRIVATE HUM hi IN CONI-'UNiSMiSNi'. MJtiST
ADR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth *t., Alameda.
. » WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THIS
« \ '.VEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
attokneys-at-law.
mVORCK'LAVV-s' A^sPKCt" i
alty; private: co charge unless raccessfnl;aU i
! lawsuits, claims, collection* wills, , deeds, etc a;- :
tended 10. U. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 86U Markac
j MOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 636 ABBOTT
j X*i building; consultations free; moderate fees.
INUORE- & MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrott buiM'.n. (Emporium).
A DVICKFREE: NO CHARGE UN LESS S> C C-
i\ cpssful. W..W. DAVlfisdX. 927 Marker
~~~~~ PHYSICIA > 8. " "
DR. C, C. O'DONN~KIL, 3206 MARKET, COrT
Go!fl<'ii Ra'Pßve.: diseases of women a special j
TRUSTEES" SALES. "
rpßUbTEKS^Al^E^llf^Cl?O^l)A^C^wTTH I
X the terms and. under the authority or a cer-
tain deed of trust, duly executed by SAMUEL
HAIGH, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBKLL and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trus- !
tees, parties of t lie second part, and Ihe San Fran- I
cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated ,
January 26th, 1893, and recorded in the office of the !
County Recorder of County of Merced, state of !
California, In Liber 5 of Trust Deeds, at page 185,
and following: and in pursuance of a resolution '
passed on the 27th day of August. 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 12,223), to -secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
I declaring that default had been made in the pay-
! ment of the principal sum and other sums, due
under said note ana deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said Hi-.NRY C. CAMPBELL and j
THADDEUS B. KENT, I runups, to sell the real
. estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on '
TUESDAY, the '<J9th. day of September, A. D. '
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the |
1 auction salesroom of Easton, Eldridge & Co., No. •
1 638 Market street, in the City and County of san
1 Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, the piece or parcel of
land situate In the County of Merced, State of Cali-
fornia .described as follows, to wit • .
Commencing at the southeast corner of section
thirty-six (36), in township nine (9) south, range
nine (b) east. Mount Diablo base and meridian,
and running thence west along the south line of
said section thirty. (30) feet to the Badger Flat
fouutvroaJ: thence north along salu road four
hundred nnd fifty-four one-thousandths of a chain
(.454 cli.> to the north line o" said road: thence
west along said north line nineteen chains fifty
links (19-60 cb.) to the easterly line of the and of
Hooper: thence north along said Hooper's east
line eighteen chains twenty links (18.20 eh.): >
thence west along said Hooper's north line ten
(10) chains; thence south) along Hooper's west
line two chains sixty-six links (2.6>i cii.) to the
north line of the land of .Manuel Moreno; thence
west along said Moreno's north line fifteen (15)
chains to the northeasterly line of the Pfister
county road: thence northwesterly along said Una
of said road to the midsection line running north
I and souta through said section thtrty-srx (ati):
thence north along said midsect lon line to the
north line Of said section; thence east along said
north line to the northeast corner of said section;
and thence south along the east line .thereof to the
point of commencement* .
i:e ng a portion of me east half (E. 1/2) of said
section thirty-six (36), in township nine (») south,
range nine (9) —if, mil Diablo base and me-
ridian, and containing two hundred and seventy-
two ('.'7 acres of land more or. less.
Together with the appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable 10 the undersigned on
the fail of the hammer; ' balance on delivery of
deed: and If not so paid, unless tor want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.'
Acts 01 sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY CCAMP BELL, >-,_.,„
THADDEUS B. KK.-.T. j- "rasters.
ALAMEDA ADVERT fS
OFFICE—I43S : PARK STREET.
ALAMKJD A HEAL : ESTATE.
"&~Ctr\fC ToT^6irjxiMn tiOOI) LOCATION;
DV/U. easy terms. 'Msfi9"saMßHHßMßo""*"B"ta
$1300—33x150; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms. '.
li is acres at Fruitvale, with good 4-room cot-
taee: price $1600.
1 5000— 50x160: bouse of 9 rooms and bath.
. BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; centrally located.
• ! Houses to let in all parts of Alameda; office open
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Land Company,
1500 ParK St., A! h.i"*>i»hl sl, ■-..'.-■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
: OFFICE— ROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
rTIHE FOLLOWING IS OCR BARGAIN LIST.
A If you will call within the next ten days we
will sell you a home at 40 per cent lets than Us
value. ' . •
©OCrO 2-STORY. 8 ROOM HOUSE; ALL
«fp_W«,Mf. modern: never occupied: lot 36x
100: Thirty-third st., bet. Grove And West. A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
C»1 COO SEVEN-ROOM COTTAGE: LOT
iDIOUU. 33:6x100: .Tenth St., near Union;
must be sold to close up an estate; make offer;
easy terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
Qf^nnn AN ELF.UANT 9-ROOM, 2-STORY
qp,O\J\J\J. house; all modern: lot 40x90: easy
terms; this property is worth $7000. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
<Clzinri SEVEN-ROOM. 2-STORY HOUSE
t"J> Lr±\J\J. on OaK St., near Seventh: lot 20x70;
a good boy; easy term*. A. H. BLOW, 1010
Broadway. |
Cr»97rjA TWO-STORY, EIGHT ROOMS:
tlP^IUv/, all new and modern; never been oc-
cupied: lot 35x153: street work all done; best
residence locality in Oakland: this property is
worth $3&00. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
"I (\(\ LOTS IN GLASCOCK TRACT, Ox SAN.
-IV' 1 V Pablo avenue, bet. Thirtieth and Thirty-
second sts.; these desirable lots wilt be sold cheap
and on easy terms. A. 11. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
CJ»9£>7C TWO-STORY HOUSE:. ALL NEW
•!T- \> t O. and modern: just finished; corner lot,
50x100. located on Twenty-third st. and Twenty-
flt'h avi-., East Oakland; small cash payment,
bolaoce to suit customer. A. XL BLOW, 1010
Broadway. , . .
QfOd^f^ TWO-STORY 6-ROOM . HOUSE;
fS>Zi\JO\J. just finished; lot 50x135; Carleton
St., near Dwlght-wey station, Berkeley: small cash
pa-, incut and balance to suit customer. A. if.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
qi*l QAA KFVEN-RO COTTAGE; MOD-
<PI'. VU. em; lot 33x116. Tenth st, near
Union; small cash payment, balance to suit cus-
tomer. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
TTO I FOR FITCHBUUU! _' •• .'.'.'
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITOH-
BLRG, SAN LEANDRO AND .
HAY WARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK IS THE PLACE. FAST-
. EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
FITCHBURG STATION IN
' FORTY- FIVE MINUTES.
A Inmeda, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains singed
by the Fitchbur? scorcher. Hay wards electric
Cars from Oakland every few minutes.
It you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth, stay where you ore. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in FUch-
burg.
Fltchburj Is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements in ibe vicinity of Oakland, It is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Laoton's line of fast-s&lling vessels on
c-akiana harbor, and the excellent county roads
leading to it, are incon:estlbl« proofs. It Is regu-
larly laid cut into blocks and lots bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
NOW IS THE TIMK TO BUY.
For a home while cheap; for speculation on a
rising market; for a turn be first for investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
Improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. 1 Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought In many of the one-street tracts In
an Inaccessible hay field.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel reet; double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash : deferred payments in easy installments:
title perfect.
W. F. McCLURK, 19 Montgomery St., 8. F. .
Til AD. 8. FITCH. Fitchburx.
Ut7^ LOTSrFjLOSIN SALE: FINE LOTS IN
<!?•* O the Allendale Tret, near Fruitvale aye.;
level and ready to build on; ttreets all graded: 2
electric roa.ls near by, one on Its way through the
tract; fine sclioolhouse close: this is the garden
■ spot of t ■< land •. to se» it is to buy : carriages free:
5."> cash, *5 monthly; 469 Ninth St., Oakland, and
6SO Market St., S. F. H. Z. JONES, owner. .
ED( CEI> FROM $25 TO $15— COTTAGE 6
rooms; bath; laundry; attic; pure water;
large lot; 1143 Nineteenth St., Ens: Oakland.
WILLIAM STONE, 1139 East Nineteenth st.
\\T ILL BUILD COTTAGES: FIRST CASH
'» payment $10 to $150, balance monthly; 40
completed in Oakland to choose from; free convey-
nnce. 1.. L M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway.
V SPECIALTY IS ~
HOUSE-RENTING IN
■ OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat ....... IB
AND 300 MOKE.
WM. M. DeWol*', House-broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
p.HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TUB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
»m: free.
Oakland rooms to UET.
The ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AND
X Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reason-
able rates: unquestioned respectability.
Berkeley REAL estate.
■vriCEST "residence corner in berke-
-»■'. ley, cheap; Duraut aye. and College way: all,
street work done; 50x133; a beauty. J. P. BOSS
1606 Turk St. • ■
<2»QX/\ FOR A 6-ROOM COTTAGE, LARGE
«USO«JV" lot, bath, etc.: easy terms. W. C.
MoKAN, Lorin station. Berkeley.
*&1 CA A OK A 6-ROOM COTTAGE AND
1 O\J\J an acre of ground : 500 cash, balance
to suit purchaser. . W. C. MOKaN, Lorin station,
Berkeley. -
VOli HOJH.Ji3.FOR KENT OR FOR BALK
on easy term*. O. O. MAY & CO.; real estatd,
bnllrllpr »ml loans. 2'< Onror w.. Bprk»l»<».
IJEKKELEY HOUSES. ~ ~
RENT IN BERKELEY, CONVENIENT
X to train, school and university; a completely
furnished house of 9 rooms; bath and laundry:
with (table and chicken-boose; cheap to desirable
tenant. Address MINOT SCOTT, Berkeley P. 0.,
Cal. . ■ • . ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued br
the County Clerk's orlice yesterday; ■ -;. - - :
J. I'andonicn and Kllena Tomanovlch, 40—20. '
C. Helmann and Charlotte N. And rson, 27 23.
C A. Hoglin and Olivia Kamuel*on. 30—34.
C. S. Amsler and Margaref Morrison. 21 -15. .
T. Goodman and Selma K. Loupe, 38—23. —^ •
T. K. Burke and Maggie Fltten. 24—18.
C. Lufsky and i£mma Brettbaupt, 30 —
M. 1.. Jancovich and Meta Gat jo, 20—18.
J. Dykes Jr. and Marie H. Selck, 30—24.
' XklK VOUCH Kx.COi4L»." '■
Complaints filed: .
Pauline A. Snoelc against Nicolaus J. Snoelc.' - -
Elizabeth M. Chrisiensen against C. Cariatensen.
Divorce granted : -. . . -
Mary H. C. Giesler from Wtlhelm Giesler. for
willful desertion ; by Judge Hebbara.
biIIiIi&~MAHRiAGES*---O]i;Aiiil^
1 Blrt marrlaze and death notices sent by mail '
will not be Inserted. They m us be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be lniorse I
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have tuo same published. J
< '. BORN.
ANDERSON— September 28, 1893, to the wife of
George Anderson, twin daughters.
BOGEL— In this city, September 28, 1898, to the
wife of Henry Bogel," a daughter.
BORCHARDT— In this cltv. September 28, IS9B,
to the wife of George Borchardt, a daughter.
PEBLET- September 27, 1818, to the wife of Her-
man Perlet, a daughter.
QUlNNlNE— September 26, 1896, to the wife of
Thomas J. Qulunlne, a daughter.
RAUBINGUR— In this city,' September 16, 1898,
...to the wife of George Raublnger, a son. .
REICHHOLD— In Oakland, September 28, 1898, ;
to me wife of W. Relcbhoid. a son.
STANLEY— September 26, 1896, to the wife of J.
T. Stanley, a son. •- . , ;
WAGNER In this city, September 15, 1896, to
', the wife of Conrad Waener. a son. •
. MABKIEO, ™ —
D'ANCONA-BUSSENIUS— In St. Helena. Sep-
tember 27, * 1893, oy the Rev. James Mitchell,
' Dr. Arnold a. d' Ancona : of . San Francisco and
Lillle Mabel Bussenius of St. Helena No cards.
HANSEv— PERKINS— In this city. September
23, 1898, by the Rev. ■ Mr. Ford of tea First
Christian Church, Nicholas R. Han gen of Tibu-
ron and Emma K. Perkins of San Francisco.
JOHNSON— HAMMOND— In this city, September
".' 26, 189 j. at St. John's Episcopal Church, by the
Rev. Edward *». Spalding. William Toland John-
' son ana Fannie L. Hammond, both of oan Fran-
■ cisco. . . " . . ! .
KELTON— HOWLETT— In Alameda, ■ September
15, , 1896. by the Rev. F. V. Kovard. A. H. Kel-
-1 -ton of San Francisco and Emily Hewlett of Ala-
.meda. ,:. ;::,,:. .•>-.,..';*•. ;:/ ; • •
McDERMOTT-\VILLIAMS-In this \ city, 6ep-
Btember 22, 1896, by the v. Dr. W.W. Case,
||Wllllam S. McDermott ana Maggie Williams,
both of San Francisco. ■ .
PARTRIDGE— SIM PSON-In Oakland. Septem-
ber '-'6. 1898, by the Rev. Dr. W.W. Case, Charles
A. i'ur.rlilge and Martha J. Simpson, both of San
Francisco.
Armstrong. Warren A. Kuster. Stanley A.
I'ojran. Charles I.lnehan. Elleit '
Brown, Andrew E. ; £of;us, Ann .
Clarke. Miss Lizzie McArdel. Mary
Curran, John H. Manning. Theresa
GUllclt. Patrick . Murcbini, Mary
Gneriueau, Victor . O'Connor, Annie K.
Haller, Margaret L. Scott, John L.
Hynes. Thomas " Sperry, James W.
Johnson, Joha Sydnor, Addie
Jung. Conrad * ' Tobln, Kate .';■ ' :
Kenny, Frank. V. Ysunza, Juan
ARMSTRONG— In this city. September 27, 1896,
Warren Alton, beloved son of William S. anl
Nettie L. Armstrong and brother of Alma E.
Armstrong, a .native of San Francisco, ased 5
months and 27 days.
O~Friends and acquaintances ere respfeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 100-ib (-olden Gw,e avenue.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. \
BOGAN— In this city, September 27, 1*0}, Charles
Bogau.' a native of the city of Londonderry, Ire-
■ land, aired 69 years 1 month and 5 days.
JB£S~Fri<'inls and acquairrancet are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. F. P. Wehe, 1410% Cali-
fornia street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for"
services, Iniermeni Holy Cross Cemetery, via
: 11:30 o'clock a. m. train. »
BROWN— In this city, September 28. 1396. An-
drew E., only and beloved son of Andrew E. and
Ella Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and 1 day.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
CLARKE— There will be a requiem high mass" for
' the repose of the soul of Die late Jits* Lizzie
Ciarke THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock
a. 11., at St. Rosa's Church. Friends axe invited
to attend.
CURRAN— In Vallejo, September. 2«, 1896. John
M., beloved sou of Mrs. Ann Curran. and
father of Fannie, John, -Mary, Eddie,
Maggie and James Curran. and brother of Pat-
rick Curran, a native of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 44
years. ,
■89" FrIends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW"
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of his brother, Patrick Curran. 6VS Tehama
street, between First and Second, thence to St.
Brendan's Church for services, commencing. at
1 :30 o'clock, p. x. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. .• •-, ; -.
GILLICK-In North Berkeley, September 28,
1898. Patrick Giliick, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Giilick. and brother of James, John - and
Bridget Glllick and Mrs. Dennis Beardon, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 46 years.
*irFrienri? ana acquaintances 'are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, corner Henry and Vine streets,
North Berkeley, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where mass will be said for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clook a. m. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. . . >,;
GUERINEAU— In Manzanlta, Cal., September
28. 1893. Victor Guerlneau. aged 60 years 0
months and 9 days. , -Ua. '.'
£3"Kotic» of funeral hereafter.
HALLEK— In this city, September 28, 1896, Mar-
garet Louisa Haller, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 11 months.
HYNBS— In this city, September 27, 1836,
Thomas Hynes. a native of Canada, aged BO
year*. :. ■-..-; ...
Sir Friends and .members of San Francisco
Typographical Union No. '21 are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 , o'clock p. v., from the par-
lors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street,
thence to ' si. Mary's Church, California and
Dupont streets, where services will be held.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In th« City and County Hospital, Sep-
. Umber 28, 1898, John • Johnson, aged 31 years.
JUNG — this city, September 27, 1896, Conrad
Jung, beloved brother of Mrs. J. P. Smith of Vir-
ginia. Nev.. -Mrs. F. W. Krone. Mrs. Elizabeth.
' Lemp and Mrs.- Paul Ruegg, a native Of Nieder-
welsel, Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged 60
years 1 month and 21 days. [Virginia (Nev.)
papers please copy.
49*" friends ana acquaintances and members of
Germania Council No. 181). O. C. F., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. F. W. Krone, 27K Thir-
teenth street, near Mission. r Interment L O. O.
F. Cemetery.
KENNY — In this city. September 28. 1893. Frank.
Vlnul, only son of Frank C and Mary Kenny,
and grandson of Mr. and Mrs. D. Kenny, and Mr.
ana Airs. J. D. Vinal. a native of san Francisco,
- aged 1 year and 3 months.
aS"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
- (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of his parents, -5 Oak Grove avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ ;> -
KL-->TEU— In Wttsonville, September 28,1896,
Stanley Alexander Knster, beloved son of Alex-
ander and Minnie Kus.er, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 months and 5 days.
LINEMAN- In Napa, September 26. 1396, Ellen,
beloved wife of the lite Cornelius Lluehan, and
sister of the laic Robert Barrett, a native of
County Cork Ireland, aged 60 yean.
■ AiT Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <fc Co.. 12"J Eddy, street.,'
thence to St Mary's Cathedral on Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass will ba
celebrated for the repose- of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock; a. it. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LOFTUS— In this city, September 27, 1896. Ann,
beloved wife of John Lof :us and mother of .Mrs.
Henry Cawley, the late Mrs.. Mary Bechlcr,
Mrs. Kate. Driscoll and James Loft us. a native
of the parish of Kelireekle, Issluma, County
Ga! way, Ireland, aged 60 years. [Philadelphia
and Minnesota papers piease copy.J
US" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it., from her
late ' residence,- 363% Eleventh street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mas» will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. lutermenc
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers. '
McARDEL— In . this city, September 26, 1896,
Mary, beloved wife of William A. McArdel,
■ daughter of Owen ■ and Ann Callan, sister of
Katie and James Callan, and niece of Mrs. John
Sullivan and Michael Callan, a native of the
parish' of Annlskeen, County Monaghan, Ire-
land, iv.je.l 27 years.
jgir Friends .'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral I THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. 512 Natoma street,' thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock: a. m. Interment Holy
•Cross Cemetery. c
MANNING— In this city, . September 28, 1898,
Theresa, beloved daughter Andrew and the
- late Mary Manning, a native of Tomales, Maria
. County. Cal.
Eg- Friends are Invited to attend tha
funeral TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 9:30
o'clock: a. m., from her late residence, 968 Post
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where •>
solemn requiem mats will be celebrated for the
repose of her smil. commencing at 10 o'clock;
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ '
MARCH IN I— ln this city, September 27, 1883,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Gaetano Marchlnl,
a native of Ireland, aged 64 years 7 months ana
9 days. • .
. JS"]*- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock: a. m., from her lata
residence, 3666 Seventeenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flowers,
O'CONNOR— In this city, September 28. 1896,
Annie E. O'Connor, beloved mother of John J.
' and Thomas H. Sheehan. Mrs. Lafe Hall, James
- J. Whitney and Edward J. O'Connor, a native Of
County Meath, Ireland, aged 61 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCOTT— North Temescal, John I* Scott, be-
loved brother of Mrs. O. C. Nielson, a native of
Roxburghshire, Scotland, aged 60 years.
X9**Frtends and - acquaintances • are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of O. C Nielson, corner Summer and First ave-
nues, Temescal. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
BPERRY— In Stockton, September 28, 1898,
James W. Bperry.
- «3"Funeral TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock p.m.. from S. John's Episcopal Church,
Stockton. Interment private. - ' ■ ■ ■.-:...
SYDNOR— In this city, September 27. 1896. Ad-
dle Sydnor, beloved sister of Mrs. George Porter,
Mm. Captain W. R. Hideout, Miss Clam Tiernen.
and niece of Mrs. George Stewart, a native of
California, aged 19 years 7 months and 26 days.
43-Frlends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at. la o'clock it., at Sonoma.
Interment Sonoma Cemetery. • Remains at her
- sister's residence, 31 1 San Jose avenue. -
TOBIN -In Walla Walla, .Wasti., September 23
1 1898, Kate Tobln, beloved mother of J. E. Tobin'
and sister of Ann Kelly and Miss Mary MeCtir 1
thy, a native of County Leitrlm, Ireland, aged.
46 years. . • •.
YSUNZA— In West Berkeley, September 28, 1898,
Juan, beloved husband of Ju&na ' Ysunsa. and
father of Ismael, Robert. John . PasQual, Ben,
Jerome. Secel, Mercedes, Trenida and Marcella
Ysunza, a native of Chile, aged -78 - years 2
months and 4 days. . : :. -.
wicavotTa gajllXc he 7™ 1
FUNERAL MR M TOSS A EMBALM
.80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
■ Telephone SOBO.-
Jab. McMkxomjcy. . .- ■ Cha9.'mcMknomkyT
JAMES McMKNO3LE\ & SON. I
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAL.aii'IRS I
lUii Mission Street, >ear sevcatii, 'I
Telephone No. 3354. ■ • , 1
J AS. ENGLISH. T. . K. C A UiS W
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS ANL) EMBALiIEHi
FUXKUAL DIRECTORS,
39 Van Ness aye.. near Auu-tet sc,'fc>aa'.e'ranc!*~i
Telephone ho. 156.- ■*»!*»
MOUNT .OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATF.O COUNTY; .NEAREST CEMl<>
tery to the city; non-sectarian: in 110 sense us-
elusive: location unexcelled. OUics VW MtUmM
»tf.;et, eoui.ue;i4i coruer us auu*..  . <. .-•_ ■"
1314
RAINEY RUNS JUNTA DEMOCRATS TO RUIN
A Noisy City Convention
Whose Rebels Break
the Slate.
PHELAN ENCOURAGES
THE BOLTERS.
The Kid-Glove Candidate Objects
to King Rainey's Super
visors.
DISGRACEFUL SCENES ON THE
STAGE.
Hisses, Tells and an Attempt to Hurl
Speakers From the Piatform Widen
Democracy's Fatal Feud.
It was the verdict of every spectator
that saw the disgraceful scenes enacted in
Sam Rainey's Democratic Municipal Con
vention at Odd Fellows' Hall last night
that no more disgusting chapter ever
came to light in the history of local
politics.
The conduct of the boss and his hench
men was such as to dissust the lovers of
fair play and widen tbe breach between
warring clans beyond all hope of repara
tion. From start to finish the scenes
enacted were riotous, the slate was iron
clad and the programme cut and dried
■ Irom the outset. The chairman was Dr.
Ragan, who knew his slate well.
There was one noted exception. James
D. Phelan, who nas been disgusted ever
sinca he had seen the slate on Super
visors, developed strength enough to fore
stall the nomination of Rainey's hench
men. He intimidated the boss and forced
a postponement of the nominations until
to-morrow night by refusing to run on the
same ticket with tbe chattels on whose
necks the unsavory Sam had placed his
collars. He wanted to run the machine
himself.
There was nothing calm, deliberate or
v JIMMY n PHELAISTS Fashionable Handshake Startles Democrats.
gentlemanly about a single act of the con
vention, every step of whose deliberations
was marred by boorish conduct.bulldozing
.and profanity. When Peter McArdle oi
the Thirty-fifth Assembly District arose to
protest against John F. McGovern's
nomination for County Clerk Sergeant
at-Arms Kennedy caught him by
the nape of the neck and was about
to boost him off ftom the platform in true
bouncer style when Secretary Saulman in
terfered. It seemed for a time that there
would be a free fight. McArdle finally
fled from the stage in terror amid such
hissing as might have eminated from a
den of snakes.
To cap the growing climax of disgust,
after some of the delegates had been rid
den over roughshod by the Rainey hood
lums who ran the machine, E. P. E. Troy
arose and said: "I move that we nom
inate for Coroner the boss who owns v& —
Sam Rainey."- This .was the signal for
cat-calls, hisses and general chaos.
The formal business of the convention
was simple in the extreme, the programme
being carried out substantially as ar
ranged by King Rainey at his home Sun*
day night. •
W. H. Harrison resigned as candidate
for Assemblyman in the Thirty-second
District, having discovered that as an
officer in the customs service he could not
run for a State office. J. W. Powers was
■übstitoted. At this juncture a number of
candidates for Assemblymen made vigor
orons complaint at an attempt of the sec
retary to assess them $10 each, saying I
they we're responsible to their districts I
SEW to-dat:
ita? REST
Vm §Fno SLEEP
r^ninsr DAY or night
My hands were completely covered with Ec-
zema, and between my fingers the skin was
perfectly raw. I bad to ait with both hands held
op,' and away from the fire. My husband bad to
dress and undress me like a baby. I tried the
best physicians, bnt their medicines gave me no
relief, and drove me almost crazy. I was ad-
vised to try CtTicUKA, Remedies, and did so,
o although my husband had to go twenty miles to ;
get them. As Boon as he got back, £ used the 1
Coticura, and in five minute* after the first
application I was perfectly eaty. and slept
Boundly all that night. Before I commenced
using the Coticdba Remedies I could get do
ease night or day. - I could not bear to get warm,
it would put me in a rage of itching. I always
keep the Ccticuba Remedies In my house now,
• and recommend them to everybody, because of
their wonderful effect. Yours gratefully, -
AGNES M. HARRIS, Push, Mecklenburg Co. Va
Bpmedy Cue« Tsbatxeitt »on Torronmo, Dis.
nocßllfO Humors. — Warm b«th« with CtTrcUß* Soap,
gentle »pplicntioa» of CUTiCCBA (ointment), lh» great
, (kin cure, and mild dosci of Coticuba KtsotTtsi,
(rtatcet of humor cure*.
Bold thnmcboixt the world. Price, CtmcnßA, «oe.i
'. EoAr. 25c.; Resoltkitt. Me. »nii $1. Fottib Decs
4XD Cbem. Coir., Sole Piopi., Button. ••.a«»l«"^oJMju
em"' Hew to Curt Torturing Skin DiaMMS." tree.
only. They carried their point, refusing
to swell the sack of the bourbons.
After William Jordan's name was pro
posed for Supervisor of the First Ward
tbe/e was an ominous silence, after which
a motion was carried that the nomination
for Supervisors be postponed until
Wednesday night.
The chairman appeared confused; there
were calls for a division when the vote had
been taken; then there was a pause, dur
ing which ti.e knowing ones g&ve tbe
wink which meant that King Rainey de
sired a postponement, and the motion
prevailed. Phelan had triumphed, but
the henchmen were sullen and silent, all
the same.
R. L. Mann of the Thirty-fourth District
nominated John McGovern for County
Clerk, whereupon a voice cried out: "I
move we break the slate!" It was then
that aged Peter McArdle, a pale, thin man,
was rash enough to mount the rostrum.
Chairman Ragan recognized him, and Mc-
Ardle said:
"Jb'ellow-citizens. McGovern's shameful
disregard of all former pledges disqualifies
him for this honorable position, lor "
The speaker could go no further on ac
count of a storm of catcalls and a volley
of Li6ses. There were cries of "Sit
down, Whiskers 1" "Get onto your
self!" "Put him out!" and
like expressions. Then Bergeant-at-Arms
Kennedy, a butly fellow witn the pby.-iog
nomy of a professional bouncer, mounted
the stage with tbe cat-like motion of an
acrobat, seized tbe a^ed orator by the
nape of the neck, and by a lower
ho.d on his garments was about to
hurl the would-be slaie-breaker from the
platform, whereupon Secretary Saulman
stepped in as referee and peacemaker and
prevented a general tight, for delegates
were yelling, hissing, shaking their fists at
one another, pounding on chairs and
threatening to do violence.
Quiet was finally restored, whereupon
Captain John F. Foley arose to second
McGovern's nomination. He was hissed
at the outset, but he finally said : "Let us
cease, these disgraceful scenes, quit our
bickering and noisy fighting and get down
to work. I want to see no more such dis
graceful scenes as we have just witnesjed."
McGovern's nomination was forced on
the noisy mob, much to the disgust of a
large laction tnat felt almost angry enough
to bolt and leave the hall.
L. F. Byir.gton then nominated Richard
I. Whelan ior Sheriff amid hisses and
cheers. The nomination was seconded by
O'Donnell of the Forty-fourth, then rail
roaded through without serious hitch.
There was a great fuss over nominations
for County Recorder, Thomas J. Pinder
finally defeating Samuel Pollock by a vote
of 493 to 78. Curron of the Thirty-nfih
declined to vote, saying: "She's all cut
and dried and it does no good to vote or
open your mouth here." Pinder's nomi
nation was resented in a noisy way by his
opponents.
Dr. Maximus Magnus was nominated
for Coroner before his opponents had a
chance to say Jack Robinson. It was then
that E. P. E. Troy took the platform and
complained that there was no use to hope
to beat the slate. '.'As who can do
nothing else I move we nominate for
Coroner the boss who owns vs — Sam
Rainey. He can run the office as well
as he runs the convention." There were
hisses and yells, and Troy fled from the
stage before the belligerent serjeant-at
arms could catch him.
Captain A. C. Freese was nominated for
Public Administrator without a dissenting
voice, after which there was a call for
nominations for District Attorney. No
one responded. Then a voice cried, "Are
we waiting for the tip from Rainey?
Where is he?" Then the knowing ones
smiled and John F. Foley moved that the
matter be postponed until Wednesday.
The motion was carried, for bo Phelan
had commanded, and Rainey, fearing
trouble, had obeyed. The "push" was
disgruntled, and many said, "We won't
do a thing to that Kid-gloved jimmy when
we gets the chance!"
William Asmussen was nominated for
Treasurer and Professor James H. Sim
mons of the Boys' High School for Superin
tendent of Schools without a hitch.
Delegate Hassett then moved that a
committee of eighteen, in addition to the
chairman and secretary, be appointed to
select School Directors. The chair ap
pointed the committee, and widened the
breach by omitting from the list the
man who made the motion. The fol
lowing comprise the committee, and
they will meet at the Flood
building to-night: William Turner, Law
rence Brennan, J. T. Cunningham, George
Love, John T. Ryan, John A. Holland, J.
T. Dowllng, L. F. Nye, William Crowley,
William Handy, T. F. Clarke, Dr.
O'Rourke, J. L. Franklin, J. F. Reilly,
John W. Davis, A. C. Davis, John A.
Lynch ana R. c. Hooe.
The convention was now over, the push
had bten partly thwaited and greatly an
gered, and the breach between the Rainey
factions widened beyond hope of repara
tion. It was freely rumored that Phelan
had demanded the right to name seven
Supervisors, and the men who trade in
corruption were so angry that they were
pale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1896.
"This millionaire art critic demands too
much," said a ward-heeler, "and we will
have to cet in and turn him down" ; and
this was the general feeling among the
disgrnntled, who were numerous.
Mr. Phelan was seen after the conven
tion and spoke quite fully on the question
of Supervisors, practically admitting that
he had encouraged tue breaking of the
slate.
"The ticket proposed developed great
weakness in places," he said, "and I en
couraged the movement to bring out bet
ter men in the various wards. In the in
terim Between now and Wednesday I
think tbe ticket will be strengthened."
But there are others — many others — who
object to thepulling down of their idols,
and who say they will give Mr. Pbelan
something to meditate over if he persists
in throwing stones at the slate duly pre
pared by the powers they respect.
There is. trouble in the air and tne Junta
is in great confusion by reason of numer
ous riots in its own wigwams.
OFFENDS "DE PUSH."
Phelan's Record on Stiver and Art
Startles the Unwashed.
From the developments of yesterday it
is apparent that the Democratic party of
San Francisco is hopelessly disrupted and
divided beyond hope of reconciliation.
It wan a busy day in the ranks of the
warrine factions. The "blind devil" of
the Bourbons, his Excellency Christopher
Buckley, honored the City with his pres
ence all day, deftly pulling wires and lay
ing plans to loot the City. The Democ
racy's attack on the City treasury did not
end, however, with tbe machinations of
the worthy Christopher, for the left wing
of the cormorants was under the general
ship of his Royal Majesty Samuel Rainey.
Conservative Democrats who have been
studying the situation with care lately
have concluded that the Bourbons are
hopelessly divided ; that the decent men
of all shades and colors of Democratic
belief are done with bossism, and that
their votes will probably relegate Buckley
and Rainey to the background for all
time.
The more minutely one studies the local
situation the more serious the \arious de
fections become. There is a large element
bitterly opposed to the candidacy of James
Phelan for Mayor, and several circum
stances contribute to the young million
aire's unpopularity. At the outset he is a
"gold bug," and this makes him forbid
den fruit to the silverites of the Democ
racy, who look upon any other Democrat
than the 16 to 1 brand as worse than Judas
of old. As the duys roll on the goid in
fection of Phelan becomes more dangerous
to his prospects, for as the silver men
grow more voluble they grow more angry.
In the hearing of many crazy silverites
the mention of Phelan's name has already
become like a red flag in the sight of an
angry bull.
Another great point of objection to
Phelan in tbe eyes of many is that he de
clined to go to the Chicago Convention as
a yeoman for his party. Many look upon
this as tbe unpardonable sin, and they
will remember Pbelan in tne booth at thn
solemn hour when the spirits of just men
mete out equity to the erring.
The fact that Mr. Phelan is a millionaire
art critic and connoisseur in matters liter
ary has alienated many voters from him
in the regions of dense and unchanging
Democracy. A canvass in the thickly
populated Democratic precincts south of
Market, where a "biled" shirt is a crime,
shows that "de push" of the Bourbons
cannot swallow "de guy what wears kid
gloves."
Insignificant as these objections may
seem in cold print they are a potent influ
ence in the realms of the Democracy. Mr.
Pljelan begins to realize that he is re
garded as a man to be feared for bis clot hes,
nis education and his manners. There in
a rumor that Roosevelt, the purist, is
Phelan's ideal and that he would do all in
bis power to maice the City as holy as the
silent ci'ies of New England, that he
would "Roosevelt the town," and to the
average Democrat nothing couid be more
terrible than such a misfortune. The
masses are beginning to fear that Phelan' s
ejection would mean a long farewell to
side entrances and steam bear — calamities
that the Democrats will avert at any cost.
DIMOND'S CAMPAIGN.
War Against the Charter and for
Municipal Ownership
cf Utilities.
Joseph I. Dirnond, the candidate of the
Buckleyites for Mayor, who will undoubt
edly be indorsed by the Populists, declared
yesterday that he was going to make an
aggressive ficht asainst the new- charter
and in faror of the municipal ownership
of -as and water works.
"If there develops any organized fight
against the charter I will take part in it,"
said Mr. Dimond yesterday, "and if there
is not I will do what I can by my own
efforts.
"I think the greatest misfortune that
could befall this City would be its
adoption. It confers the powers of a
Czar on the Mayor, and enaoles
one man who would be the tool
of corporations if they could elect their
candidate, to exercise far greater power
then any boss who ever ruled the City. It
wouLl enable him to perpetuate himself
in power or to name his successor.
"Its friends are now beginning to admit
that there are faults in the charter, but
they say that it cair be amended; but the
charter contains no provision for amend
ment and when we fall back on tne
general law and the constitution we find
that once in two years an amendment
could be submitted to the people
and then a three-fifths vote would
he required for its adoption. A boss
ridden government might prevent amend
ments being submitted to the people, and
all around the chances are against any
amendment.
"Although the Mayor under the present
law has not great independent power he
can exercise a very powerful influence by
wise efforts, if he takes an active part in
the affairs of the City.
"One of my other objections to the char
ter is that it draws the public schools into
politics.
"If I were elected Mayor, I would advo
cate strongly the municipal ownership of
water and light plants by the City,
The existing law gives us the right to pur
cnase existing plants or to acquire new
ones. There have been laid before the
Supervisors plans that would undoubtedly
reduce water rates from $7 to $2. I
believe in bonding the City to ac
quire these utilities. This is the les
son taught by all cities owning
such works. Let the proposition be
submitted to the people and I believe that
they would vote overwhelmingly in its
favor.
"I believe in the dollar limit and in fact
in a less rate. This City could he
run handsomely on $4,000,000 a
year. The whole remedy for bad
government is to elect a good Board of
Supervisors. Let the people select honest,
able and worthy men."
Mr. Dimond's friends say that his cam
paign will be a vigorous and aggressive
one when it gets started.
"Prisoner of Zeuda" Seat Sala.
The reopening of the Baldwin Theater on
October 5 will serve to inaugurate the autumn
and winter season in. this City with a brilliant
attraction, as Daniel Frohman'* Lyceum Thea
ter success, "The Prisoner of Zenda," is to take
'.he boardsof the Baldwin on that nijjht. "The
Prisoner of Zenda" has established itself as
the greatest romantic success in years. As a
play li calls for high praise. "The Prisoner of
Zenda" is to be presented here on the same scale
ot elaborateness as at the Lyceum Theatre,
Now York. The cast will beheaded by James
K. Hackett and Isabel Irving. Others to ap
pear here are Charles Walcot, Howard Gould,
Walter S. Hale, Albert Grau, Maude Odeil, R.
J. Dustan. The sale of Beats trill begin to
morrow morning.
POPULISTS TAKE UP
THE BUCKLEYITES
Thomas Cator and Chris
Buckley Effect a Great
Deal.
MAYOR TO LEGISLATURE
Preparing to Put Up Candidates
for All the Lccal
0 fices.
DIMOND'S ANTI-CHARTER WAR
Buckleyites Kick Frank J. Mnrasky
From Their Ticket and Plan a
Hot Campaign.
The regular local Democracy, otherwise
known as the Buckleyites, has played an
other trump. They have effected a fusion
with the Populists and expect to add the
force of the local Populist party to the
blow they will deal to Sam Rainey's out
fit, and especially to James D. Phelan and
to the Junta legislative ticket.
The local Buckleyite and Populist lead
ers have been in constant consultation re
cently, and the upshot is that the Popu
lists have agreed to indorse the Buckley
ticket practically from top to bottom.
The Buckleyites had to bid high for this
ally. The Populists are to cet half the
municipal patronage for one thing.
The most important feature of the deal,
however, is that the Buckleyites are all to
vote for T. V. Cator for the Senate. This
is really the nigger in the woodpile.
While Cator has been busy throughout
the State making combinations for the
Legislature on the basis of Populist As
semblymen for himself and Democratic
Assemblymen for White two years hence
be has not for a moment neglected tiie
eighteen Assemblymen who are to be
elected from this City, and this outcome is
the result of his studying, pulling and ex
ercise of judgment.
However, otber things made the condi
tions favorable for a local fusion with the
Buckleyites, rather than with the Junta.
The Buckleyites are the silver wing of the
local Democracy, while the gold bugs are
herded in the Rainey camp.
That is partly why Joseph |I. Dimond,
the Buckley candidate, will De indorsed
instead of James D. Phelan, unless a hard
and-fast bargain be broken unexpectedly
within two days. Phelan is an out-and"
out gold man. an i refused to go to the
Chicago convention as a delegate for that
reason. That surely puts Phelan out of
the race for indorsement. John Daggett
and the rest of the gold men who run the
Junta are equally distasteful to the Popu
lists.
Oa the other hand Dimond is
an avowed advocate of the public
ownership of public utilities, tne
cardinal feature of the Populist muni
cipal policy, and after looking him up one
side and down th« other the Populists
have decided thai be is all right.
The Populists did not take up the ticket
last nignt, but the programme will un
doubtedly be carried out during the week.
Sam Braunhart, the Junta candidate fur
Senator in the Nineteenth District, seems
likely to win indorsement, but the excep
tions to the indorsement of the Buckley
legislative ticket will probably be few.
£hr Buekleyite* i.aye other trumps up
their sieeve. Their suit to get on the offi
cial ballot as Democrats is now pending
before the Supreme Court and a decision
is expected this week. If they are denied
t. c use of the party name conjointly with
the Junva, they will instantly make other
important moves in the courts and the
tangle and the uncertainty of litigation
may continue until election day.
They will, however, be prepared for
emergencies, and to guard against the
possibility of being kept off the ticktt
altogether they will prepare a petition
containine the names of 3 per ceni of the
voters, and will file it at least twenty days
before election with the Registrar. They
will thus be sure of getting on the ticket
by petition, if in no other wav, and will
continue their legal battle daring the rest
of the time.
All possibility of union with the Junta
wing of the local Demociacy is conceded to
be past, and the tinht will go on to t..e
deatn. The Buckleyites are perfecting
arrangements for a perfectly organized
fight on the plan of Tammany Hall, hav
ing district and precinct men to work,
watch and report and act in harmony with
and under the orders, of he bosses in
higher authority. T c Buckleyites will
di igently ply tbe knife on Pfaelan and the
rest of the Rainey ticket. Phelan will
make a pro-charter fighth t and Dimond an
anti-charter fight, and tne local Demo
cratic fur will fly.
A BLOW AT MURASKY.
The Buckleyites Kick Him Off
Their Judicial Ticket.
The regular weekly meeting of the gen
eral committee of the Buckleyites at
headquarters last evening was a big but a
brief one. Many members of tne faction
were out at the Populists' tent to see how
their fusion with the Pops* was getting
along, and half of those who wore at the
meeting wanted to go.
About all the business that Chairman
Rothschild and Secretary D. M. Gavigan
had to direct was the settlement with
Frank J. Murasky for having* "thrown
them down" and accepted a nomination
for Superior Judge from the Junta conven
tion.
At the time the Buckley convention was
in session Murasky's friends worked hard
to secure his nomination for the Superior
bench, and succeeded. Then the Junta
convention came along, and Murasky's
political friends played for that nomina
tion. As the Junta resolved at the start
not to indorse a single candidate of the
Buckleyites, a resignation from that ticke:
was a requisite. Here was a dilemma,
and in it the Murasky council decided on
the resignation, hoping to keep the other
nomination, too, by squaring things later.
During the time last week when the
judicial slate of tbe Junta was being made
up, Stephen V. Coatello of the law firm of
Henley & Costello was certain of the
nomination, and he was on the slate until
6p. m. of the day when the nominations
were made. At that late hour Joseph E.
O'Donnell, Frank J. Smith and others in
terested in Murasky, succeeded in getting
him on the slate, and to make room for
him Costello was pulled down.
The Buckleyites instantly declared war
on Frank J. Murasky, and they declared
that they "wouldn't do a thing to him."
Smith, O'Donneli and others have for
days been making frantic efforts to square
the tning. Their success is indicated in
the following carefully prepared resolu
tions, introduced last night by P. H.
Shanley and adopted with a whoop:
W HErkas, A declination of a nomination for
Superior Judge made by our late convention
has been received from Frank J. Murasky at
the command of the boss of the Junta couven
tion, whose nomination for the said office
Murasky has received and which was made
conditional upon the aforesaid declination
being forwarded to this committee; and
Whereas, It Is a fact that the lrieads of the
said Frank J. Mursslty did persistantly haunt
the rooms or headquarters of this committee
for days and nights prior to the assembling of
our late municipal nominating convention,
and did play the role of button-holers in be
nalf of the aspiring Murasky for ju
dicial honors; and whereas, tbe repre
sentations of Murasky's friends as to
his individuality and high sense of honor, so
impressed the delegates of our late convention
that It resulted in his unanimous nomination
by the convention for Superior Judge; and
whereas, the said Murasky gave his word of
honor as r man that "if nominated he would
not be influenced by any man, set of men, or
organization, to decline the nomination which
he was then seeking:, and that he would not
consider himself a man if he was guilty of such
action ' ; and whereas, said Murasky to further
his ambition to become a Judge of tie Superior
Court of the State of California in and for the
City and County of San Krancisco has seen fit
t0 repudiate and decline the said nomination
which he sough: as aforesaid ; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the members of the Gen
eral Committee of the Democratic party of the
City and County of San Francisco, approve of
the action of the committee ou vacancies In
taking off and erasing the name of Frank J.
Murasky, candidate for Superior Judge, from
our ticket; and be it further
Resolved, That we call upon all members of
this General Committee and the supporters of
this organization to oppose the election ot
Murasky.
Resolved, That the citizens of San Francisco
are counseled against placing upon the Supe
rior bench a man who has thus given evidence
of a weak and vacillating organization which
is not in harmony with the requirement* of a
Juage of the Superior Court in passing upon
personal aDd property rights, the object for
which all government is Instituted
Resolved, Tnat 75,000 copies of the aforesaid
preamble and resolutions be printed for dis
tribution among the registered electors of the
City and County.
The committee on vacancies, consisting
of James I. Stanton, Samuel Newman,
Charles McCarthy, J. J. Flynn and W. F.
Humphrey, will in a day or two name ex-
Judge F. W. Lawler in Murasky's place.
Lawler was an aspirant for the Buckley
nomination for Superior Judge, but, it is
said, he was kept off to make room for
Murasky.
Lawler was nominated for Police Judge,
but declined the nomination next day.
Now he will go back on the ticket.
It was decided to have a meeting of the
candidates, the executive committee and
the purity committee on Thursday even
ing and the committee adjourned.
WILL WED A PROFESSOR,
Miss Sophia Newland's Engage
ment to Dr. Neustadt Is
Announced
The Bride-El €ct Is a Native Daughter
Who Has Sung in Public All
Over the State.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Sept. 28. f
The engagement of Miss Sophia Newland,
the daughter of Edward Newland of this
Miss Sophia Newland, the Singer, "Who Is to Marry a Professor of
Edinburgh, Scotland*
city, and Eugene Neustadt, M. C. P. of
Watson's College of Edinburgh, Scotland,
was announced to-day.
Miss Newland is a native daughter of
California and is a musician of more than
local fame. She made her debut at the
commencement exercises of Snell's Sem
inary in 1885 after careful training by
local teachers. She made a decided suc
cess, but was not satisfied with herself
and finally went to Europe to study under
the masters of tbe Continent. It was
while in London in 1892 preparing for her
studies that Miss Newland met her fate.
The acquaintance made then continued
during her stay abroad and ripened into a
mutual affection.
Among a few intimate friends the mat
ter of her engagement was spoken of.
Miss Newland has sung at all the best
musical functions; at the Loring Club con
certs; at the Carr Beel Pops; with th 6
Oakland Ensomble Club and the Har
monic Society ; at John W. Metcalf and
Robert Tolmie pianoforte recitals; with
ticmund Beel and Mrs. Carr at the Athe
nseum, Berkeley; at Stanford University ;
with Hermann Brandt, Louis Heine and
Ella Partridge; at the best concerts in San
Jose and Sacramento, at Burlington, lowa,
and St. Paul, Minnesota.
Mr. Neustadt is a native of France, his
father being German and his mother
French. He is a graduate of Heidelberg
University and gets his title from London,
where he was made master of the College
of Preceptors. For the past eighteen
years he has been the head of the French
department of Watson's College, the
largest boys' school in Great Britain. He
was a visitor to America in 1876, coming
here to attend the Centennial.
Bound for Ball.
Attorney George D. Collins left for Washing
ton yesterday afternoon for the purpose of se
curing bail for Dick Wiliiams, now serving a
six years' term In San Quentin. It is under
stood that the authorities here have placed be
fore the Department of Justice all the facts of
the celebrated case, so it is not thought at all
likely that Collins will succeed in his mission.
Paso Robles
In winter is a charming resort. Its mild and
delightful climate and wonderful mineral and
mud baths place it among the great health re
sorts of the world. Reduced winier rates— slo,
$12.50, $15— now prevail. *
L, F, AUZERAIS
WEDS A NURSE
Cupid Again Wooes the De
posed Husband of Mrs.
Hoyt.
HIS FRIENDS SURPRISED
The Wedding Ceremony Took
Place the Present Month
in Paris.
THE BRIDE'S HOME IN OAKLAND
Her Sister, Miss Mattie Covell, Says
Publicity His Been Avoided as
Far as Possible.
L. F. Auzerais has again married. This
time the young sculptor nas chosen for
his bride a Miss Covell of Oakland. The
young lady is a trained nurse, well known
in the city across the bay.
The wedding ceremony ocenrred in
Paris during the present month and was a
surprise to tbe relatives of both tbe par
ties. The particulars gleaned regarding
the ceremony are necessarily meager,
owing to the reticence of those who know
most about it.
It will be remembered that after Au
zerais' hrst wife obtained a divorce from
him and married Hereward Hoyt their
troupe went to Alaska and made a great
financial failure. It then returned to San
Francisco, and Hereward took his wife
East. From time to time rumors are
wafted over the Rockies that Mrs. Hoyt's
second marital venture, so far as inconi
patiDility of temperament is concerned, ,
has not been more successful than her
first. / •
Auzerais himself then went to Paris,
where he has now astonished *nis friends
by remarrying. That he be'ieves mar
riage with actresses not a successful ven
ture is evidenced by his recent cnoice.
Miss Mattie Covelf, sister to the bride,
was seen to-night at the Young Woman's
Christian Association home in .Oakland
and admitted that her sister was married
during the present month in Paris to L.
F. Auzerais. She refused to give any of
the particulars of the ceremony, but con
fessed that it was somewhat of a surprise.
She would not say whether the young
couple would return to Oakland or remain
abroad. As the family did not desire any
publicity she would say nothing more.
THE MINERS' MONEY.
Silverltes Keep the Bryan Cam-
paign From Wholly Lan
guishing.
The Democratic campaign continues to
be conducted mainly at the expense of
the millionaire silver miners and' by the
silver organization.
W. P. Lawlor, chairman of the Silver
campaign committee, believes in campaign
novelties and can afford them. The magic
lantern advertising men on Market street
find him their best-paying patron.
Lawlor has just found the first free
silver preacher whose intereat in politics
bag been announced and has hir d Metro
politan Temple for him for Thursday
evening. He is Rev. Edwards Cator Davis,
the sensational young Christian minister
of Oakland.
Tbe Silverites have hired both the
Grove-street Theater and Union Hall,
which was formerly Morosco's, for the
campaign. They will be used as head
quarters for free-silver workingmen's or
ganizations and for workingmen's mass
meetings.
The silverites are expecting to send forth
quite a horde of speakers soon. Most of
them will be Democrats well known in
former campaigns.
Congressman Maguire will speak In Los
Angeles on the 30th inst., on his way home
from the East.
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee has just issued its first bit of
campaign literature. The Democracy
has so far depended on the
Silverites, the National Committee
and franked copies of Congressional
speeches for literature and its distribution.
This new work is entitled "Plain Talks to
\vorkingmen," and is by T. Carl Spelling
assisted by Joseph LeggetU
KEW TO-DAT.
Splendid Bargains
UNTIL —
WEDNESDAY NIGHT
FLOWER POTS— close ont all on
hand, ail of our English Rich Solid Color
Jardinieres, former prices 40 cents to $1 25, I
go at 20, 40 and* 60 cents. • A splendid
chance to get a pre'ty pot cheap.
TEAPOT STANDS— Save your table-
<w'-- cloth. Handsomely deco-
rr^Sßb V£ rated Tea Tiles in different
/a jC^P 1 designs, fine china, co at 20
Gr-oßa^ cents, worth 50 cents.
Ok_^*^^ CHOCOLATE POTS—
aj^B^^-.^*^ Fine thin china, nicely
TBPfj|gy_ decoratea, go at 75 and 90
t&P^& cents, worth double.
- w CRACKER JARS — A
pretty useful article at a give-away price—
50 and 85 cents.' * "' :
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreva'u
WANGENHfciIM, STERNHEIAT& CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
levTbros
Leading Grocers
Special For -pis Weel . ■ •
ROYAL DUTCH COCOA.
Royal Dutch Cocoa, can...... ......1X«
Regular 25c. WO
Come and get free samples.
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE. H
. Whole, 3-lb can lOC
* Sliced, 3-lb can *...*. ..............OA»
Regular 25c and 30c. ' tM\i
WHISKY.
Cream Pure Rye, full quarts $1 IX
Regular $ 1.50. «pl.lt)
Cream Pure Rye, gallon... .......tf'Q FCA
Regular $4.50. «pO.OV
* 'Kentucky Bourbon (5 years), gallon., $9 "A
Regular if 3.50. . «pfl.«)V
HASR V 11,
• Our Choice Eastern Hams..';.. .......llu
BUTTER. »Pr j* ia
" Fres n Creamery Squares 0&C dllU iVC
PARAFFIXE WAX CANDLES.
'Box of 3 dozen .......fi^»
*. • Regular 75c. • ; V'Jv •
CODFISH. -, .
Eastern Boneless, 4 pounds U»v
Box of 30 pounds. d»| n-
SAtAD OIL v ™,
Dur'and Lucca, 1 gaUon... t vC
Durand Lucca, \A gallon JA«
Regular 60c and $1. TtUC ,
CIGARS AND TOBACCO.
Full lines at BOTTOM PRICES.
SEND FOB MONTHLY CATALOGUE, ',
Telephone South. 398. ''/£>; :['■
1324-1326 MARKET St.
TWO—-—:
-SHOE —
—-SNAPS
. Here are two "snaps;" bargains that
need only to be seen to be snapped up at °
*once% ''.'.'* v - A *~°j^ -..° :
FOR MEN: \°
A few broken lines of Men's Fine Calf °
Shoes, opera and square toe, regular $4.00
shoes. To close them out we make the •
price $2.00.
FOR LjADIBS : -I °
Ladies' "Vici Kid, Goodyear Welt Button
Boots, all sizes and widths, St. Louis toe
and tips. ', Good value at $3.50. Our • price
only $2.00.
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St. /
Store closes at 6:30 P.M. Saturdays, 10 P.M.
THE PRIOB
CROWN FLOUR
HAS BEEN ADVANCED.
■ SEPTEMBER 28. 1898.
—
■■■■■■■■■BHmnBBBBHB 1
Next
November
You will be called upon to decide your
political preferences. Most men have long
ago declared their preference* for the Cal-
ifornia made "STANDARD" SHIRT with
this mark on it:
. •- . • ■-
' I TRADe I* 1
I MARK I
NEUSTADTER BROS.. Manulac'rs. S.F.,C»I. '
Wriiirs Mai Vegetate Pills
Are acknowledged 'by thousands of persons • !»•
h»Te used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION', Torpid Liver, Weak Ktomucii, Vlaipie* aai
purify the blooU. *"»««»•
Grossman's Snscilic Mxtara
-A^ 1 ' 11 this remedy persons can cure themselvei
irtthout the least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. The nWicin*
contains nothing tluu -, is of • the least injury to ttM
eon»utuuon. A«ic your dru«ui twit. **rie« *i «