VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 160.
PLURALITY GOES
OVER A MILLION
Never Before Was There
Such a Republican
Landslide.
By the Popular Vote Fallacies o:
the Siiverites Are Buried
Forever.
CELEBRATING THE VICTORY
Those Who Believe in Presrvng the
• . Honor of the Nation Rejoice
in the Ontcome.
CHICAGO, 111.. Not. $.— It is all over
1 but the shouting. McKinley electors have
been chosen to the number of 277, while
the Bryan electors number 144.
As soon as the electoral college meets
William McKinley of Ohio will be chosen
President and Garret A. Hobart of New
Jersey will be selected as Vice-President
Twenty-six electoral votes are still in
doubt. Eleven of these are from North
Caroiina, twelve from Tennessee and three
"from Wyoming.
The popular plurality of the McKinley
electors was 1,611,500. That of the Bryan
electors was 408. 000.
McKinley States are:
Statk *5 ft
.N •
California 9 8 000
<°onnecttcut 6 54,000
Delaware 3 '2.000
Jill os 24 165.000
Indiana 15 20 000
Jo it . la 000
Kentucky... 13 1,000
Maine - 6 47.000
Maryland 8 32,00)
Massachusetts 15 ' 164 000
Michigan 14 000
-Minnesota 9 50 000
New Hampshire - 4 23.0 0
Sew Jersey 10' 86,000
New York 36 27<i.000
North . ale ota 3 8,(>00
Ohio 23 7OO(.O
Oregon 4 7,000
Pennsylvania 3'J 29tt.<iL0
Jthode Island 4 27,000
south D.iKOta 4 3,000
Vermont. 4 41.(00
West Virginia 6 1500<J
Wisconsin 12 30.000
Totals.. 127711 277 1 1.611,500
. Bryan States are :
State.
v
I!
0
2.
Alabama ..; . > ' II 1 40.000
Arkansas. •...."..■..:.. ..■..'.... 8 50X00
Colortdo 4 I'J6.OjO
Florida ."..........;.. '.4 . 9:000
Georgia-. 13 40.K/O
1dah0....... 3 ■ 12.000
Kansas 10 13.000
Louisiana. 8 44,000
Mississippi:..... ~9 50,000
Missouri 17 j 10,000
Montana...- 3 15,000
.Nebraska 8 6,u00
Jw'evuda •.... i«3 4 ■ 5.0U0
t-outh Carolina. 9 54 ,000
Texas. ._ 15 75.1100
Utah 3 15.000
Virginia. 12 15,i00
Washington 4! • 4.000
Totals' 144 408,000
Doubtful States are:
Forth Carolina, 11
Tennessee 12
Wyoming^ 3
•totals. ...... ..............."ie
CHICAGO'S RATIFICATION.
Enthusiastic Speeches Follow the
Signs of Prosperity.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 6.— A grand Re
publican ratification meeting, surpassing
in enthusiasm any of the gatherings held
in the big theater during the campaign,
was held in th« Auditorium to-night. At
every 'mention of Major McKinley's name
trie tremendous crowd cheered wildly.
The following telegram was react by Chair
man Ferd Peck:
Canton, Ohio, Nov. 6, 1896.
Ferd . W. Peek, chairman rj the ratification
meeting, Chicago: The cause of country is al
ways above that of party, and it is significant
and gratifying that the great city of Chicago
has rendered so decisive averdict tor National
honor, law and order. Let us rejoice that the
people have so splendidly vindicated the
strength and beneficence of our matchless
free institutions. William McKinley.
° The principal speech of the evening was
"delivered by Charles G. Dawes, the Illinois
member of the executive committee of the
Republican National Committee. Mr.
Dawes was one of the first to enter the
.preliminary fight to secure McKinley's
nomination at St. Louis, and owing; to his
intimate acquaintance with McKin^ey
unusual significance is attached to his re
marks. He ?aid: *
It is deemed appropriate in political strife
that victory be celebrated, and we are gath
ered here to-night for that purpose. While we
are all happy that by a vast majority of the
popular vote allegiance has again been pledged
to the underlying principles of constitutional
government, we must remember as well that
what we have won as a people in - this cam
paign is only the opportunity to work out our
own salvation.
My friends, this country is confronted by
serious problems. Before the next President
of the United States and this great party which
we have put in power are conditions which
must be met. We cannot close onr- eyes to
them. . Poverty — almost famine— exists In
many parts of our treat cities. . In the month
of February alone the County Agent of Cook
County rendered aid to over 10,000 deserving
and buffering families. During the bitter cold
of last winter American citizen!* walked our
streets desperate and hungry. As I have gone
to and from my: office In this great city I have
been stopped by man after man, asking not
for money, but in God's name, for work.
We must now as a party and as a people
turn from attacking the falsehood* of the
demagogue to devising those means by which
the man willing to work may find work. That
this has been the issue of the campaign . no
*>:;•■ has realized more fully than our match
■«» leader, the Pre«ident-elect of the United
*iates; William McKinley. [Great cheering,]
IV-Ue during all this ciiij.a gn/ publicly ami
privately, In hi* letter of acceptance and in
the speeches' which be. delivered* from the
porch of his horn.-, he has maintained that our
money must be sound, and has met. that i«*oe
fairly and fcquart:>, yet let , a ,. Impress upon
. you that the fundamental principle utx>»
' which he has sought and received the mfpvt
. of the American people in Un»; ; That in order
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
"Against the ordinary exploits of the new journalism the individual citizen has
protection to this extent, at least, that he can keep its hideous emanations out of his
own house."— New York Sun.
to get any money, whether it is good money or
bad money, men must get work, and tnat a
protective tariff, properly framed, gives the
American citizen work.
In this campaign our people have sternly re
buked doma?ogism, but our industrial and
social salvation cannot he wrought out by the
destruction of the demagogue alone. The
foundation for National prosperity must be
laid in constructive statesmanship. Above all
things this people o: our*, who are working
out as never before the great problem of hu
man liberty, must strive to learn better the
lesson of sweet charity and brotherly love. I
we made more effort to care for the people
who ought to complain and do not, and paid
less attention to those who ou-ht not to com
plain and do, this would be a happier and bet
ter coun try.
And now that the campaign is over, with
added confidence in the loyalty and honor of
the American people, without resentment
toward political opponents, with an honest
and high purpose to bear our share of the
common burden, let us turn again to the walks
of ordinary life. [Applause.]
Short addresses were made by General
McNulta, Bishop Fallows and Postmaster
He sing.
THE SPLENDID VICTORY.
Republican Cubs Thanked for
Their United Action.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Nov. 6.— Upon the
suggestion of the advisory committee of
the National League, President D. D.
Woodmansee gave out to-night the follow
ing address:
To the Mtmbert of the Republican Clvbs of the
United States— Greeting : The splendid victory
of Tuesday In which you took a conspicuous
part is a heritage to every citizen who believes
in good government. I congratulate you UDon
the outcome of this memorable political con
test Many of you have labored to bring about
this result with a zeal that has known no
weariness. The effect of your loyal service
has been felt In every State where the fij;ht
has been fiercest On behalf of our organiza
tion, I extend to you grateful acknowledg
ments.
v The past of the league is history. We are
now concerned about Ha luture. It it the am
bition of those who are most interested in our
league that - its ' Influence for good ' may be en
larged and that Its < position . In State and
National politics may b« elevated and main
tained. The election to the Presidency of Wli.
Ham . McKinley, a man who was ever a friend
of . the league, and one who appreciates lis
value, will fill our heart* with r>>rt«w*4 hope
and courage. The debts of- ttM l*»gu«i, that
have so long been a men*'* to iv usefulness,
have been paid. With ; a dean r««wJ, let us
■it once begin the cam pa leu ot , I HUH The
Republican ' party .face* r<-*j<«"*it.!l!liM« '.'lay
tl>at will seriously affect Urn Arr «r,. «n people.
' Ti.e hard campaign which tint jo«( n,.i,.i
wa» ro«de;doubly' hard; by *li«»t forces
that hud been at work for years to undermine
out financial- policy. Let u» v*<> the I«b.mi
between campaigns as h counteracting tnfluV
. •/,. • fnvifdiwe \to our common cau»c. ?j Make
ail Me Kin ley clubs permanent clubs, or con
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
solidate those that are in your locality. Join
your State league without delay. During
the winter months have regular meetings to
study and discuss political questions. Scatter
literature as freely as has been done for years
by the bimetallic league, so that when the
actual battle of another campaign is upon us
our people will already have been educated
and our victory then will become an easy one.
Again congratulating you, I bespeak your
earnest and cordial support for the success of
the League of Republicau Clubs. Very sin
cereiy, D. D. Woodmanske.
CONGRATULATIONS COME.
Major McKinley Receives Messages
From All Quarters.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 6.— The following
were among tne telegrams of congratula
tion received by McKinley to-day:
M. G. Markham, secretary National
Wool-growers' Association, Rochester, N.
V. : "The wool-growers extend heartiest
congratulations. The dawn of industrial
prosperity is in sight and very bright."
Annie E. Elliott, secretary, Salt Lake
City, Utah: "The Woman's McKinley
Club of Salt Lake sends greeting. We
have fouebt the fight and kept the faith.
Had all Republican women of the State
done likewise you would have received
the electoral vote of Utah. Congratula
tions to Mrs. McKinley."
C. H. Payne, Montgomery, West Vir
ginia: "The first negro electe.l to. the
General Assembly of West Virginia sends
hearty congratulations to th« greatest ex
ponent of true Americanism."
M. M. Garland, president Amalgamated
Association Iron and Steel Workers, and
A. R. Hamilton, editor Labor Tribune,
Pittsburg, Pa. : "Warmest congratulations
on the magnificent, assurance your elec
tion gives of an era of prosperity, protec
tion to American industries and the largest
use of silver money consistent with the
maintenance of the Nation's credit."
Charles R. Douglass, son of Frederick
Douglass, Washington, D. C. : "I send my
congratulations with those of the solid
phalanx of colored American voters who
stand with and for you for honest govern
ment and tbe protection of the lights and
interests of all.' 1
Samuel J. Randall, son of the late Con
gressman Randall, Philadelphia: "Accept
my sincere congratulations upon your de
cisive victory and triumph."
Isadore Woifsen, president; Adolph
Marrer, vice-president; D. il. Levy, secre
tary, Indianapolis: "Th> Orienta. Hebrew
Club extend congratulation-. Three hun
dred and fifty Democratic Hebrews in our
club all voted for you."
Telegrams of congratulation were also
received from Arctibishop Ireland, Jacob
Rosenberg, president Wool-niercnanta' As
bociation, ban Francisco; F. J. Loper,
president Anglo - American McKinley
Club, Colorado Springs, Colo. ; John A.
Caidwell, Mayor of Cincinnati; United
States Senator J. C. Pritchard, Marshall,
N. C. ; Mayor Davis, Kansas City, Mo.,
and hundreds of ot ers.
TO REMAIN AT HOME.
Major McKinley Compelled to De-
dine to Pay Visits.
CANTON, Ohio. Nov. 6.— A delegation
of prominent Cincinnati men came to
canton late this afternoon to invite Major
McKinley to be present at the annual
dinner of the Commercial Club of Cincin
nati on the 19th of November. Major
McKinley received his visitors in the
library, and after they were comfortably
seated Lars Anderson, the spokesman, ad
dressed some remarks to Major McKinley
and urged him strongly to visit Cincin
nati.
Major McKinley thanked his callers
heartily for the compliment of their visit
and for tbe invitation they bore. He as
sured them it would give him great pleas
ure to go to Cincinnati, but he had con
sidered the matter of visiting large cities
pretty carefully and had decided that with
the exception of the brief period he is to
spend in Cleveland he will not leave Can
ton tilt he goes to Washington.
Major McKinley explained that some
of his Chicago friends had urged him with
'•reat vehemence to visit their city, and
said C. N. Bliss and others were coming
out to ask him to visit New York. He
.said if he went to Cincinnati he would
also liave to go to the other places, and
he would, therefore, be compelled to de
cline the invitation. Major McKinley
feels that he has a vast amount of labor to
perform beiore the 4th ol March, and he
does not want to lose time and strength
in going about the country. Unless the
health of Mrs. McKinley should demand
a change ofair he will adhere to his deter
mination to remain in Canton now as
rigidly as he did before the election.
♦
CLOSING THE CAMPAIGN.
Chairman Hanna Too Busy to Talk
of Anarchist Threats.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.— The politi
cal campaign is almost at an end and by
to-morrow, at the latest Monday, all tbe
various political headquarters will be
closed. Chairman Hanna reached Repub
lican headquarters and was busy with his
correspondence for a considerable time.
Senator Reii field Proctor of Vermont called
on Mr. Hanna and the two exchanged
con-.TatuKitiond over the result of the
election. Major Byrne, president of the
Honest M'-ney League, was another who
had an extended interview with Chair- |
man Hanna. Indeed, all the forenoon the
chairman was kept busy receiving callers
who came to offer their congratulations
on the victory.
Mr. Hanna shortly after his arrival sent
out to tbe reporters word that he had
nothing to say to-day on the situation.
He also wonld not discuss the warning
letter alleged to have been se>it him by
anarchists written in Greek and signed
"Red Hand."
Mr. Platt, Dr. Depew, Chairman Hackett
and others also received copies of the
letter., Mr. Hanna said that later on
when things would have calmed down he
might have something to say.
PENNSYLVANIA'S QUOTA.
Sweeping Victory of Republican
Legislators In the State.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 6.—Com
plete returns Irom every county in Penn
sylvania show the total vote to be ns
follows:
For President— McKinley 720,971, Bryan
423.966. Levering 18,263, P&lmer 10.92 L
McKinley's plurality 297,005.
For Coneressmen at laree — Grow R.
803 433, Davenport R. 800,810. Dewiti D.
410,701, Ail man D. and Pop. 412,209.
The Republicans elect 27 Congressmen
(including Congressmen at laree) and the
Democrat^ 3. The Democrats are William
McAleer G. D. Third District, Daniel
Ermen trout, Ninth District and George J.
Benner, Nineteenth District. The delega
tion to the present Con .tpss is composed
of 28 Republicans and 2 Democrats. The
new Legislature, whi< h will elect a United
Stales Senator to succeed J. Donald Cam
eron, whose term will expire March 4,
1897, ia divided politically as follows:
Senate — Republicans 44, Democrats 6.
House — Repub icans 170, Democrats 34.
Republican majority on joint ballot 174.
SOUTH DAKOTA SAFE.
Republican Electors Win by Three
Hundred Votes.
PIERRE, 8. Dak., Nov. 6— Returns
came in during the afternoon and evening
from Nowlin, Jackson, Sterling and New
ton counties. These all give small majori
ties for Bryan. On the face of the returns
McKinley eiectors have carried South Da
kota by Mi o.
It is now definitely known that hun
dreds of illegal votes were cast, and that a
number of counties were colonized dv
tramps, thrashing crews, etc., from the
Minnesota, Wyoming and Montana bor
ders. One hnndred men have been ar
rested in the State for illegal voting, but
under the laws this cannot affect the
result.
Accurate returns on the State will not
be had until to morrow. Only one of the 71
Democratic Legislators (Pettigrew) is free
silver, and the remaining members are
old-line Populists. The Republicans have
elected 55 out of 126 members of the Legis
lature.
Chairman Estabrook of tbe Populist
State Central Committee is of the opinion
that Senator Kyle will be his own succes
sor.
BOURBONS GET VIRGINIA.
Bryan Electors Carry the State by
20,000.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 6.— The result
in this State on the National ticket seems
to be that the majority for Bryan is 20,000.
The First, Sec nd, Third, Fourth, Fifth,
Sixth, Seventh and Eighth Districts re
turn Democrats to Congress. In the
Tenth the vote is very close, the general
summary so far giving Yost R. 16 ma
jority and the result probably depends on
the decision in regard to tbe irregularities
in one county. The Ninth District is cer
tainly Republican. The othcial vote is
coming in slowly from all over the State,
as many of the election boarda adjourned
over until next wees.
"Peace on Earth."
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 6.— The TelegraDh
will to-morrow publish an interview had
at Canton, Ohio, with President-elect Mc-
Kinley. Mr. McKinley was asked to send a
messae* to England. He replied: "Not
directly from me, but you may say that
no words will better express my feelings
toward England than 'peace on earth,
good will to men.' " The correspondent
says he was charmed by Mr. McKinley's
genial and cordial manner, adding that
nobody in such a position could be more
unaffected and unassuming.
McKinley to Bryan.
CANTON", Ohio, Nov. 6.— At noon to
day Major McKinley sent this:
"Hon. W. J. Bryan, Lincoln, Neb.: I ac
knowledge tbe receipt of your courteous
message of congratulation with thanks,
and beg you will receive my best wishes
for your health and happiness
"William McKislkt."
Butler's Aftarm th.
WASHINGTON. D. 0., Nov. 6.-Senator
Butier, chairman of the Populist National
Committee, is preparing a statement de
fining the future relations between the
Democratic and People's party as a sort of
aftermath to the election returns.
The Now h unpagne Vintage.
A truly remarkaole vintage for quality as
well as for natural dryness, witnout being
heavy, now b.-lng shipped to this market, is
v. li. Mumm's Extra Dry. *
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SOT RESPONSIBLE,
BUT FOUND GUILTY
Unfortunate Mrs. Castle
Convicted on Charges
of Theft.
Although Physicians Testify in
Her Favor She Is to Be
Kept in JaiL
IHREE MONTHS' IMPRISONMENT
Walter M. Caste, However, Is Cleared
of the U just Accusations Mads
Against Him.
LONDON, Exg., Nov. 6.— The case of
Mr. and Mrs. Walter M. Castle of San
Francisco, accused of shoplifting came up
for trial in the Clerkenwell Sessions this
morning. There were seven indictments
against the prisoners, charging them with
stealing articles, the total value of which
was £43 10s.
Tue greatest interest was manifested in
the trial, not only by the immediate friends
of the Castles, but by many others as well,
for the case has attracted general atten
tion. The counsel for the Castles had littlo
to say in advance, and what little they
said seemed to be designed rather to cheer
their clients than to express their own be
liefs. They were, however, or professed to
be, confident of the acquittal of Mr. Castle.
Where the doubt entered was in the case
of Mrs. Castle.
That she was in a deplorable physical
and mental condition was asserted, but
on the other hand the jury that was to
try her was made up of the same kind of
men as those who had suffered from the
thefts committed, and mercy could not be
expected from them. Chairman McCon
neli presided, and on the bench were half
a dozen magistrates. The courtr om was
crowded, rur.ny of the spectators being
ladies. A number of officials of the United
States embassy were present, including
Secretary Roosevelt and Chief Clerk Hob
son.
The case for the prosecution opened
promptly at 10:30 o'clock. When the case
was called the chairman began proceed
ings by ordering the surrender of the
prisoners by their bondsmen, they having
been at liberty* in £40,000 bail pending
their trial. There was a momentary pawse
before the defendants appeared, and the
crowd of spectators remained hushed and
expectant until the Castles entered and
were formally surrendered.
Mrs. Castle seemed almost prostrated.
She was attended by two nurses and
helped to her place by her busbani!, who,
though he seamed greatly depressed, still
preserved a manly and self-reliant bear
ing. D.iring the reading of the charge
Mr. Castle remained boldly upright and
answered "Not guilty" to each of the
seven counts.
On behalf of Mrs. Castle, Sir Edward
Clarke said that she pleaded guilty to
each charge, and proceeded to give the
reason for making eucU a plea, calling
attention to the physical and mental con
dition of his client. While Sir Edward
Clarke was speaking Mrs. Castle remained
seated. She was dressed in somber black
and kept her face covered with a handker
chief.
While the jury was being sworn the
silence was broken only by Mrs. Castle's
sobbing. When the first charge wa3
read — that of stealing a sable tie worth £9,
and a skin worth 5 shillings — Mr. Avery,
for the prosecution, said:
"Subject to any opinion which your
Lordship may express it appears to mo
that Mr. Castle was not a party to the
thefts and, therefore, the prosecution will
not offer any evidence against Mr. Castle.
While the case was in the Police Court
and both prisoners were denying guilt it
was impossible for the prosecution to take
this course, for as long as the wife denied
her guilt it was possible that the husband
had taken tbe things."
The chairman replied: "I have read
the depositions carelr.iiy and have ar
rived at the same conclusion. There is
nothing in the evidence tbat has im
peached the innocence of Mr. Castle and
I entirely approve the course you have
taken in the matter."
Mr. Avery, upon receiving the reply of
the chairman, announced formally that
the prosecution would not offer any evi
dence against Mr. Castle.
The chairman then addressed the jury,
saying: "As there is no evidence to sup
port the indictment against the defend*
ant, Walter M. Castle, it is your duty to
render a verdict of not guilty."
The jury responded with averdict of not
guilty and Mr. Castle was immediately
discharged. Upon application of Sir Ed
ward Clarke to the court Mrs. Castle was
allowed to leave the courtroom attended
by her nurses.
Sir Frank Lockwood, Q. C, then began
his opening for the defense, dilating in
the course of his address upon the terrible
position of Mrs. Castle, who had hitherto
been a reputable woman, occupying a
high social position.
Mr. Avery replied, giving the details of
the evidence as taken in tbe Police Court
in regard to the searching of Mrs. Castle's
trunks, in which a museum of articles was
found, many of them atiil having their
sale tickets attached. In not a single in
stance, ne said, was Mr 3. Castle detected
in taking anything, so tbat she must have
done her work so skillfully that even her
husband, who was beside her, was unable
to see what she was doing.
Bir Edward Clarke, Q. C, for the defense
said that in view of the cruelty to which
Mrs. Castle would have been subjected
in having the facts discussed before her he
had advised the lady to plead guilty. She
was not in want of money, and that it was
insanity that caused the thefts was proved
in the fact of her banding a piece of fur
with a ticket attached showing the name
of the owner, price, etc., to another person
for the purpose of getting the fur matched.
Mrs. Castle, he said, had had a mental
, malady when she was a girl, and that2
malady had been recurring during the last
few months.
Dr. Grigps, a specialist in women 9 dis
eases, was called to the sta»d and testined
that he had examined Mrs. Castle and
found that her condition was such as to
justiy him in concurring In the statement
made by Sir Edward Clarke. Such a con
dition, he said, generally resulted in men
tal disturbances, religious and other forms
of mania, and rendered the sufferer irre
sponsible for her actions.
Dr. Savage, one of the lending special
ists in female diseases in England, nt-xt
took the stand and corroborated the U'hti
rnony of Dr. Grieg 1 ?.
At thi-> point in the proceedings the
crush in tbe courtroom had become almost
s-uffocating, and a number of ladies in the
crowd were allowed to taue seats upon the
magistrates' bench, an unusual occur
rence, while others found seats upon the
stairs and in anil around the counsel's
bench, until every inch of available space
Mas filled.
Alderman Roitlege, Major Egan of the
United States army. Colonel H. J. Hawes
of San Francisco ana other friends of Mr.
and Mrs. Castle were in the court ready to
testify in behalf oi Mrs. Castle. Mr. Castle
himself, wbo had left :he room alter his
discharge, now appeared i*i court.
Di. Gabriel of the College of Surgery
supported the testimony already given by
medical experts, and said that utetine
troub es had affected Mrs. Castles mind.
He had warned her several times to avoid
all excitement. He. together with Drs.
Scott and Savage, had seen her*profes
?.onally on October 18 while she was in
jail, and the three had discussed her case
exhaustively at the time. They had
a reed that her further imprisonment
would imperil her reason.
Dr. Scott, who was the next witness,
testified that the nervousness from which
Mrs. Ca~tle suffered had continued during
toe entire time she was in jail, and he had
made a report of his examination to the
■Home Office, advising against her further
imprisonment. The lady has no fixed de
lusions, tie said, but was ol unstable
mind and liable to do eccentric things
unless she was carefully looked after by
her friends.
Sir Edward Clarke here interposed, say
ing tnat Mrs. Castle ! > friends were only
too anxious to remove her to a place <>f
quiet, .1 ttie court took, a favorable view
of the matter.
The chairman said that the question as
to the effect which imprisonment would
have upon Mrs. Castle was one which
must be considered elsewhere. The chair
man and tbe magistrate retire '■ to another
room for the purpose of deliberation.
After fifteen minutes' absence the magis
trates returned to tne courtroom, iv
which profound silence reigned.
Mrs. Cas le was then brought into cov.rt,
ana the clerk of the court announced that
Ella Castle tad been convicted upon all of
the seven indictments.
Chairman McConneil said: "Ihe court
has had great difficulty in dealing with an
exceedingly painful case, upon which
sympathy so powerful had been brought
to bear until almost to interfere with jus
tice." The court knew that the sentence
which it became his duty to pass upon the
prisoner would be well weighed elsewhere,
and if any suffering dangerous to her life
or intellect should follow it would be im
mediately met by anoiher authority. He
would not prolong the painful scene and,
therefore, would at once proceed to pass
sentence, which was that the prisoner be
confined in jail without hard labor for
three months.
As the chairman pronounced the sen
tence all < yes turned upon Mrs. Castle, who
stood dazed for a moment, and then as tbe
full import of the chairman's words came
to her became hysterical, obliging the
nurses and the prison warden to suppress
her. She then betran to moan piteoosty
and finally to scream and struggle vio
lently. She was removed from the room
as quickly as possible, and as she was
being taken away cried out: "What does
it mean?' "My God, what does it
mean?"
A quod many of the ladies in the court
room exhibited strong emotion and sev
eral wept. All expressed deep sympathy
with the unlortunate prisoner, whose
screams could be heard faintly issuing
from the underground passage through
which she was taken, even after the court
room had been cleared.
After the excitement following the con
viction and sentence of Mrs. Castle i.ad
been allayed the stolen articles found in
her possession were ordered to be restored
to their owners.
Upon the application of Mr. Avery,
counsel for the prosecution, Dr. Scott, one
of the expert witnesses, expressed sur
prise that In view ot the evidence Mrs.
Castle had been convicted, and saia that
even after her conviction he had believed
tnat the sentence would be merely nomi
nal. Everything possible would be done
for lier in a medical way, he said, during
her imprisonment.
Several of the merchants who had testi
fied to having lost property found in the
possession of Mrs. Castle said after the
trial that they were convinced that the
lady was mentally irresponsible and that
they bad no expectation that she wouid
be convicted.
Mr. Hod.-on of the United States em
bassy expressed the opinion that Mrs.
Castle would b» released inside ot a week,
and Mr. Abrahams of counsel for tie de
fense said that measures for a reprieve
had already been taken.
Mr. Castle expressed the thanks of him
self ana his wife for the unceasing kind
ness of their fi iends and the hope that
Mrs. Castie would speedily be relieved
from tbe terrible condition in w.iich she
is placed.
Mr. Castle was congratulated upon his
own release from custody. He said that
it was oniy justice that he had received,
but he was not satisfiei with the result
of his wife's case. He was exceedingly
anxious abort her, he said, and desirous
of removing her to a place of rest at the
earliest possible moment.
Application has aiready been made to
the Home Office for Mrs. Castle's release,
and it ie understood that her sentence is
practically formal and that she will be
liberated in a lew days.
That she was in a deplorable physical
and mental condition was asserted, but,
on the other band, the jury that was to
try her was made up oi men devoid of
.sentiment and from whom mercy could
not be expected.
Sir Edward Clark says he expects that
Mrs. Castle will be released to-morrow.
Commenting upon the conviction of Mrs.
Castle, the Chronicle will to-morrow lav
that if ever there was a distinct case o.
kleptomania it is that of Mrs. Castle.
TUPPER'S VISIT TO ENGLAND.
Said to Be for the Purpose of OusUng
the New Governor-General of
Canada.
TORONTO. Oct., Nov. 6. — A special
iroui Montreal to the Toronto World says:
Tbere appears to be little doubt in the
minds of well-informed politicians her?
that the chief object of Sir Charles Tup
per'a visit to England is for the purpose
of using every possible means to secure
the recall of Lord Aberdeen from the
governor - penerilshin of Canada. Kir
Char!e3 delivered an address before th
Liberal Conservative Club ot Montreal
yesterday, and a good part of his speech
was devoted to a severe criticism of Lord
Aberdeen's conduct at the time the late
Government resigned the seals o olh'ce.
SPAMSH BaILROAI* COLLISION.
JVcftc Governor nf th* Philippines Baa a
' lucky iCteapr. .
MADRID, Briar, Nov. 6.— The Madrid
express lor Barce ona came into collision
with anoiher train at Chipriana yester
day, while runnine at a high rate of speed.
Several cars were shattered and the engi
neers of both trains were injured. Gen
eral Polavieja. tbe newly appointed Gov
ernor of the Philippine Islands and his
wife and the Marquis of Cuevas, editor of
the Madrid Epoca, were on the Barcelona
express and were badly shaken up, but
not otherwise hurt. General Polavieja ar
rived at Barcelona seven hours late and
will embark at once for Manila.
BRYAN TO THE
BIMETALLISTS
Asks Them Not to Become
Discouraged by Tempo
rary Defeat.
Dec'ares That the Friends o
Free Silver Have Not Yet
Been Vanquished.
DOES NOT FEEL-AT ALL SORE.
s
An Ambition to Secura Immediat
Legislation Instaad of Ei joying
Honors ol O.fice.
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Nov. 6.— William J.
Ei-yan tbis afternoon gave out tbe follow
ing statement to the bimetalhsts of tbe
United States:
Conscious that millions of loyal hearts are
saddened by temporary defeat, I beg to off-.r a
word of hope and encouragement. No chu.su
ever had supporters more brave, earnest and
devoed thau thos'i who have espoused the
e&aM of bimetallism. They have fought from
conviction and have fought with-all the zeal
which conviction inspires. Time will prove
whether they are right or whether they are
wrong. Having done their duty as they saw
it they have nothing to regret.
The Republican candidate has been heralded
as tne advance agent of prosperity. If his pol
icies bring real prosperity to the American
people those who opposed him will share in
thßt prosperity. If, o:i the other band, his
policies prove an injury to the people gener
ally those of his supporters who do not belong
to the office-holdi-ig class or to the privileged
classes will suffer in common with those who
opposed.
The friends of bimetallism have not been
vanquished; they have Bimply been over
come. They believe that the gold standard is
a conspiracy of the money changers against
the welfare of the human race, and until con
vinced of their error they will continue the
warfare against it
The contest has been waged this year under
great embarrassments and against great odds.
For the fir~t time during this generation pub
lic attention has been centered upon the
money question as the paramount issue, and
this has been done in t>j ite of all attempts
upon the part of our ouponents to prevent it.
The Republican couven. ion held out the de
lusive hope of international bimetallism,
while Republicans labored secreily fur gold
monometallism. Gold - standard "Democrats
have publicly advocated the election of the
Indianapolis ticket wbile ifcey laDored secretly
lor the election of the Republican ticket. The
trusts and corporations have tried to excite a
IMZ of lawlessness while they tncmseivos nave
been defying the law. And American finan
ciers have boasted that they were the custo
dians of Na.ional honor, while they were
secretly bartering away the Nation' b financial
independence.
But hi spite of the efforts of tbe admin
istration and Its supporters, in spite of the
threats of money-loauers at home and abroad,
in spite of coercion practiced on corporation
employes, in spite ot trusts and syndicates,
in spite of an enormous Republican cau.paign
fund and in spito oi the ii.nueuce of a hostile
press, bimetallism has almost triumphed in
its first great flgnt. The loss of a few States,
and that, too, by very small pluralities, has
defeated bimetallism, but bimetallism
emerges from the contest stronger than it was
four months ago.
I desire to commend the work of the Na
tional Committee who had the management
of this campaign, t'o-operation between the
memoers ot different political organizations
is always dim'cult, but it has been less so this
year than usual. Interest in a common cause
of great importance has reduced iriction to a
minimum. I hereby express my personal
gratitude to the individual members, as well
as the executive oflicers oi the National Com
mittee of the Democratic, Populist ana Silver
parties for their efficient, untiring and un
belfish labors. They have laid the louudation
for future success, and will be remembered as
pioneers when victory is at last secured.
No personal nor political friend need griete
because of my deieat- My ambition has been
io secure immediate legislation rather than to
enjoy ihe honors of office, and therefore de
feat brings to me no ieeiing ot personal loss.
Speaking for the wile who has shared my
Jabors as well as for myself, I desire to say
that we have been amply repaid for ail thn"t
we have done. In the love of millions ot our
fellow-citizens, so kindly expressed; in Hie
knowl.dgu gained by personal contact with
the people, and in broadened sympathies, we
find lull compensation for whatever efforts we
have put forth. Our hearts have been toucned
by tne devotion of Jriends, and our lives shall
prove our appreciat inn of the affection of tbe
plain people, an affection which we prize as
the highest reward which this campaign has
brought.
In the face of the enemy rejoicing in its
victory let the roll be called for the next en
gagement, and urge all friends ol bimetallism
to renew their all" iriance to the cause. If we
are right, as I believe we are, we shall yet tri
umph. Until convinced of his error let tad!
advocate of bimetallism continue tbe work.
Let a;i fci.ver clubs retail, th'ir organ, zations,
hold regular meetings and freely circulate
silver liter'ture.
Our opponents have succeeded in this cam
paign, an > must now put their theories to the
test. Instead of talking mysteriously about
"sound money" end "an honest dollar" they
must now elaborate and defend a financial
system. Every step taken by them snould be
publicly considered by the silver clubs.
Our cause has prospered most where the
money question has been longest discussed
mining the people. During the nex; lour
years it will be studied all over this Nation,
even more than it has been studied in the
past. The year 1900 is not far away. Hefore
that year arrives international bimeta.lism
will cease to deceive. Before that ytar arrives
those who have called themseives Go'd-stan
dani Deinocr» ts will become bimetal ists and
be with us or they will have become Republi
cans and become open enemies. Before that
\ ear arrives trusts will have convinced more
people that a trust is a menace to private wel
fare and the public safety. Before that year
arrives the evil effects of a gold standard will
be even more evident than they ere now, and
the people then will be ready to demand an
American financial poiicy, for the American
people will join with us In the immediate
restoration of free and unlimited coinage of
goid and sliver at the present legal ratio of
16 to 1 Without waiting for the aid or consent
of any other nation. \V. J..BEYAN.
THE SANTA FE RECEIVERSHIP.
Judge Keeler Makes a Statement of the
Company's Condition and as to
His Petition.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 6.— Judge Keeler
this morning gave out this stateroant as
to his reason for applying for a receiver
for the Santa Fe road:
"The condition of the new company is
worse than the condition of the old com
pany at tbe time it was closed out. On
June 30. 1895, tbe outstanding capital
stock anu mortgage bonds of the old com
pany amounted to $344,677,729 48. On
June 30, 1896, the standing capital stock
and mortgage bonds of the companies
amounted to $398,718,500.
"The property and assets of the old and
new company are practically the same.
The income of the o'd company for the
year ending Jane, 1895, was $438,379 77—
less than a year's interest on its bond in
debtednebs. Tbe result oi the first year's
operation of the new company will not be
known to the public until it fil^s its an
nual report in 1897, but there is no good
reason to believe that its earnings will be
eullicient to pay any dividend on capital
stock, not even the full amount of annual
interest on its bunded indebtedness.
"The entire property was sold in Decem
ber, 1893, for $600,000. By the foreclosure
proceedings against the old com pan v and
oy wbat is calied the reorganization, the
manipulators of the affairs of the old com
pany froze out ail parties not <n tbe new
deal, took the proper t> at $600,000 and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
proceeded to stock and bond it for $393,
-718,500. In other words, it took tie prop
erty which had already been watered into
bankruptcy and proceed to water it $54,
-040,870 more."
Will Jtof Dinturh Operation.
NEW YORK, N. V., Kov. 6.— lt is
learned at ihe office of the Atchison, T<>
peka and Santa Fe Railroad that the mat
ter relating to a receive; ship for tbe prop
erty of tbe company in Kansas is merely
tbe carrying out of an agreement between
the oia ana new companies to clear up old
lcpil complications.
Victor Morawitz, general counsel for the
Atcbison, says oi the receivership in-
Kansas:
"I am informed that it is not proposed
to disturb the operation of the property by
the present company, and I am satisfied
thai there is nothing in the proceedins
which the stockholders or bondholders
need iear in the least."
COAL AND TRON COMPANIES.
Plan of Jlfhnbilit,'tion "ntl Increase of
f>tt>ck to 940.000.000.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 6.-Im
portant steps in connection with the plan
to rehabilitate the Philadelphia and Read
ing Railroad and Coal and Iron compa
nies were taken this afternoon at a special
meeting of the stock olders of the Na
tional company. It developed that this
corporation is to act as the parent com
pany of the reorganized Reading prop
erties.
The conference was called for the pur
pose of increasing the capital stock of the
National Company to $40 : 000,000, and the
proposition was ratified without a dis.-ent
ing voice. It is understood that the Na
tional company is to purchase the con
trolling interest in both tbe Readinir and
coal companies and operate the proper
ties under the name of the Philadelphia
and Reading Railroad Company. This
docs not mean (hat there will be any
change in the executive management of
the Reading Company.
It was stated to-day that the Reading
receivers will turnover the property to the
reorganization committee on November 30.
THE DESTR OF INNOCENCE.
Unna'ural Father Turns the Gas on
Himself anil Son.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Nov. 6.— Conrad Eich
horn, a local cigarniaker, murdered his
13-year-old son and killed himself in a
peculiar manner last night.
Eicbhorn and his boy put up for the
night at Enteman's Hotel. The clerk sup
posed they were strangers. This morning
gas was discovered escaping from tbeir
room, to which entrance was forced.
Father and son lay in bed as if in slumber.
A gas chandelier lying on the floor and a
strong odor of gas told the story. The
■father had unscrewed the chandelier and
then cruwled in bed to die, allowing his
son to die with him.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS
Bids for Nearly $i,oo?,coo Worth
Will Now Bs Adver
tisei For.
Eff ct of McKin.ey's Victory on the
Lighthiu;e Board ana Supply
Departments.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.— A Sun
special from Washington says: The de
feat of the Democratic ticket will result in
large contracts being awarded at once by
the Government involving almost $1,-
O'O.OOO, the advertisements for which
have been held back at tbe request of
prospective bidders until after the future
financial policy of the country had been
decided.
Of this sum the Lighthouse Board of the
Treasury has been waiting two months to
spend $325,000 in the construction of three
lighthouse tenders and two liuht vessels,
and they would have had them under way
long ago but for the indisposition of the
firms to bid for the wort previous to the
election.
Within a few days these boats will be
open to competition and some lively and
close bidding is expected. Contracts lor
supplies under the various departments
have also been held back, when usually
they are given soon after tbe fiscal year
begins in July, and enormous sums await
to ba expended in tbe improvement of
rivers and harbors, which would have been
in circulation three months ago but for the
uneasiness caused by the campaign.
Tbe greatest contract awarded by the
Government in the last few months in
volved ever $10,000,000 for the construc
tion of three new battle-ships and elevt n
torpedo boats, and had the Navy Depart
ment authority to postpone the opening
of the bi is until this week it would un
questionably have done so, as required by
the leading ship firms. Since then there
have been but few advertisements issued
by the departments for work of any kind,
as it was realized that if bids were sub
mitted previous to tbe election they would
probably be higber than now and the com
petition less close. There was an indica
tion of the confidence which has been re
stored when several persons appeared at
the District tax office and offered gold in
large quantities in payment for their debts.
DEATH OF MRS. W. H. VANDERBILT
While Out Riding She /s Affected With a
Pain Near the Heart and Ex
pires Soon After.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6. -Mrs.
William H. Vanderbilt, the mother of
Cornelius and William K. Vanderbilt,
died at Scarborou.h, N. V., this after
noon. Her death was due to h6art disease.
For some time past Mrs. Vanderbilt had
been troubled with the malady, which
finally resulted in her death, and this
morning she was out riding with her
sister when she felt severe pains in the re
gion of her heart and asked to be taken
home, i Her request was immediately
complied with, but the pains and suffer
ing increased, and at 1:30 she expired.
Her daughter, Mrs. Elliott X Shepard,
and her sister, Mrs. Brownlee, were
present at the deathbed. Mrs. Vanderbilt
was 75 years of au-e.
Mrs. Vanderbilt was a daughter of Rev.
Samuel Kisfam, a minister of the Dutch
Reiormed church, and was born at
Coeymans, near Albany, N. Y. During
her childhood she was carefully educated
by her parents and received a strict re
ligious training. Her father died in
Brooklyn in 1869. She was married to
William H. Vanderbilt in 1841. Her hus
band was at that time a clerk in tbe office
of Dean. Robinson & Co., bankers in Wall
street.
Mr 3. Vanderbilt leaves surviving her
eight children : Cornelius and William X.,
the heads of the family, Frederick W.,
George W., Mrs. Elliott F. Shenard, Mrs.
W. D. Bloane, Mrs H. McKay Twombley
and Mrs. Eeward Webb.
A-tnavltrd bit a Xegro.
HIAWATHA, Kass. Nov. a— The 10
-year-old daughter of Frank Bchaefer was
brutally assaulted to-day. Tbe crime was
committed by an unknown negro at Mie
schoo. house. A pos=e is scouring the
country. If the man is caught lynching
is certain.
SENATOR TILLMAN
WILDLY PRATTLES
Chagrined by Defeat, but
Remains Talkative, as
Usual.
Peculiar Reasons Attributed to
the Triumph o! Major
McKinley.
BRAYS "FRAUL" QUITE LOUDLY
Declares That Dave Hill Is a Dead
Euck and That Gold Democrats
Mast Go.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 6. — Senator
Bei.jarnin TUlman of South Carolina, who
was here to-day on bis way home from
Chicago, declared that Bryan would be
the nominee of the Democratic party in
1900.
"The battle has been the most heated
and hardest fought political contest in our
history, and the Democratic party has
n>ver shown to better advantage," said
Senator Tiilman. "The is-ues have been
clearly defined and bravely sustained,
while our great leader, Bryan, has covered
himself with glory and is the idol of the
Democratic masses."
"To what caus s do you attribute Mc-
Kin:ey's triumph?"
"There were several causes, all of them
making a combination that it was impos
sible to overcome. In the first place, the
odium attaching to the Democracy Irom
Clevelandism and all that it implies drove
from us hundreds of thousands of men.
Hard times, the issue of bonds in time of
peace, the so-called free-trade tariff bill,
me loss of employment — all tiese were
charged to tbe Democratic party, and the
Democratic speakers and the few Demo
cratic newspapers whicn reached the
masses in the Nort crn cities were power
less to obliterate the impression. The
Democratic party suffered, although it
had repudiated both Cleveland and his
policy.
"Then the unblushing use of money in
unlimited quantities controlled many
thousands of votes. Tbe campai n of
Republicans was conducted by the Repub
licans with great vigor by a la^ee corps of
well-trained speakers, many of them men
of National repute, while tie Democracy
without means relied upon volunteer
speakers and these could not cover the
nel.i as thoroughly as their opponents.
"A third factor was the threat open or
implied by thousands of owners of manu
factories and workshops that Bryan's elec
tion meant the closing down of work.
The army of idle men were promised work
if McKinley should triumph. The Repub
lican masses in tbe country or acricui
tural districts were promised a return of
cood prices and prosperous times under a
Republican tariff policy and the resto
ration of contidence. The natural
ulliance of tne South and West, though
not complete, has received an impetus
which cannot be stopped or prevented.
The issue of financial reiorm and restora
tion of the money of the constitution is
not dead and will not down.
"We have broken the solid North, while
the South is practically solid. The
tyranny of the F deral judiciary and the
greed of the plutocrats will drive the
masses by tbe million to our support in
the next great struggle. Jefferson iost his
first battle in 1796 but won in 1800. The
R publican party was overwhelmingly
deieated in ISSG and Lincoln was defeated
for the Senate in- 1858, but he was e.ecied
President in 1860. We will win in 1900.
McKinley cannot give relief or restore
prosperity unless the law of supply and
demand, as it affects money, has been re
pealed."
"Will the policy of the party leaders
look t<> conciliating tbe gold Democrats?"
"No, they have a gold party, to which
they belong, and are a good riddance.
There can be no step backward. Tne
Southern people and the Eastern Demo
crats are separated by an impassable bar
rier. They are our taskmasters and we
know it. We have turned to the West
and must look and work in that direction.
If the Democrats bad put up a gold plat
form ws would not have carried a sincle
State. The men who claimed to be the
gold Democrats voted for McKinley almost
solidly. There may be a spasmodic rise in
prices and a resumption of business activ
ity, but it cannot last."
'"What do you think of David B. Hill's
future?"
"Hill's a dead duct and will never again
rise to the surface," was tbe emphatic
declaration of Senator Tiilman.
GOLD PRCCESS DECISION,
Valuable Gold Recovery Patents
Overthrown by a Pretoria
Court.
The Result Will Be a Very Great
Increase in the World's Stcck
of Gold.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Nov. a— Word was
received in this city yesterday that the
High Court at Pretoria, the capital of the
South African republic, had declared void
the MacArthur-Forrest patents for the
cyanide process for the recovery ot gold.
This decision was given in a suit brought
by ihe combined owners of Jo
hannesburg and the Transvaal. The in
formation came in this cablegram to Law
yer C. W. Truslow :
•'Judgment lor plaintiff. Both patents
canceled."
The decision will have an important
bearing upon every interest connected
with gold-mining, for it is a matter which
involved many millions of dollars directly
and untold millions altosether.
Up to 1891 the reduction works had been
running upon the old plan, stamping the
rock and getting out oi it what gold was
coarse enough to be taken out by quick
silver. All ihe rest ran off with the tail
ings, and hundred h of thousands of tons
of ground rock were shoveled away as
refuse from the stamping-mills until tbere
were hills of it at every mill and a hidden
lortune in every hill.
It whs at this time that the two Scotch
men, MacArthnrand Forrest, tookout pat
ents all over the world lor the cyanide
process of gold reovery. la the single
year of 1894 in the Witwatersrand district
of tbe Transvaal 2.847,376 tons of tailings
and 18,351 tons of concentrate!! were put
through the process, which yielded more
than $10,000,000 worth of god, with an
apparent profit over the cost oi the procebs
of about $7.375,01.0.
This seems to indicate that tbe miners
ought to have been well satisfied. But
there was a serious drawback to their hap
y-iness. The African Gold Recovering
Company, which controlled the MacAr
ihur-Forrest patents in tde South African
republic, did not let any one use tho pro
cess without the payment of b ; g royalty.
These payments varied with Ind. victuals,
but they were so large they amounted to
millions of dollars every year.
The miners made effort* to get reduc
tions of the royalties, but no agreement
was reached. Then they determined to
ii^ht, and made an application to tbe At
torney-General to have tbe patent set
aside because of a lack of noveky.
The Attorney-General appointed James
H»y to bring such an actiou at the miners'
expense in the Higli Court of Justice — tne
equivalent of our United States Supreme
Court — and the court ol" last rpsort. It was
asserted by the miners that although the
patentees 'of the cyanMe proce:^ may have
bi-en original inventors the same thing
had actually been done before, although
not npon a large scale. Commissions were
issued for the taking of testimony in the
Un.ted States, Australia, New Zealand
and En-land in ttie case.
The most important field was in this
country, where Mr. Truslow was employed
to rind the cv d nee for the miners and
Walter W. Williams for the patentees.
Mr. Truslow began his work a yoar and a
half ago, and it led bim toexamine almost
every cltemist of note, every college or
public library, and to look into all sorts of
trades where gold is used for evidences of
wbat he knew was true.
It was shown in the testimony that the
process had actually been used in places
here, and in one instance a quarter of a
ton of ore had been so treated in 1885.
The process was not needed here at that
time, because most of our gold is coarse
enough to work by the cheaper quicksilver
method.
Sinre that time, however, fine grain ore
has been found, and it is said that there
is much of it in the country. The Mer
cur mine of Utah uses the Mac Arthu
r process, and was sued by the pat
entees a while ago, but it made a settle
ment privately.
_ The hear.ngs in tbis country were
finished in September, 1895, and the testi
mony and exhibits wer. put in a tin-lined
box and this was pent as a registered letter
by mail to Pretoria. It made the biggest
registered letter ever sent through the
United States mail. The package was as
bu' as an ordinary dry-goods case and the
postage was $187. it went from the New
York postoffice. The biggest letter before
that bad cost about $40 postage.
The case was iieard by the High Court
of Justice at Pretoria just before Jame
son's raid in December of last year. As
far as ihe South African gold fields are
concerned the decision throws the pro
cess open to the public. It had been at
tacked and the patents overthrown in
Australia, and the belief of the opposing
lawyers now is that nowhere in the world
will the users of the process continue to
pay royalties and will fight and over
throw the patents everywhere. Thi9
means much to the gold miner and proba
bly will result in immense additions to
the world's stock of gold within a few
yeara.
FOUL MURDER BY MONKS
Fate of a Seattle Prospector
Who Was Successful
in Peru.
Had Much Gold Upon Him at the
Time, and Leaves a Fortune
to a Sister.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.— The Her
ald special cable from Sucre, Bolivia, says:
It is believed here that T. Cooper, the
American miner who, it is alleged, was
murdered by Indians in the forests of
Cnrabaya some time a^c, was in reality a
victim of Spanish monks in Peru.
Cooper was one of a party of seven, who,
it is said, were attacked by Cunchos In
dians and four of the party killed. Later
this was denied and the statement was
made that he had been drowned. Now,
however, the belief is voiced that he was
murdered by monks, possibly for a
great quantity of gold in his possession.
Cooper worked his way from Seattle,
Wash., to Pern four years ago. He was a
prospector and made friends with tbe
Cunchos Indians, so that he went as he
pleased without fear. He was seen at
Lake Titicaca by F. W. Grauert of this
city three years ago, and had at that time
a quantity of gold with him. In 1895 he
organized a company to work the Cara
baya mine, from which ne had taken the
cold, and later sold it for a large sum to a
Air. Harrison, representing an American
syndicate.
Soon after this Cooper went to the An
des of Peru prospecting, and it is believed
he was attacked there and perhaps killed
by monk?. These monks are the ones who
attacked five Swedish- Americans several
years ago, when the five men fought so
bravely for life. Many other Americans,
too, have been murdered in cold blood un
der suspicious circumstances and nothing
has been done to bring the guilty ones to
justice. .
Cooper had a widowed sister living some
where in Peru (it is not Known where)
who would inherit everything he left. His
property holdings in Bolivia and Peru are
large and would mean a fortune to her if
she could be found.
II \LF-Ii). ,It O< CUPA.XTB.
Men Rescued From Lake Brie Boats and
■'■tarnts — Heavy Damages.
SANDUSKY, Ohio, Nov. 6.— After being
driven about in the terrific storm of
Wednesday night and Thursday, tbe
half-dead occupants of two of three miss
ing boats have reached Sandußky.
The missing boat contains Charles and
Frederics Johnson, and all hope of their
having reached land is given up. Half a
dozen fishboats were upset and dismasted.
The tugs Monk and Peerless did . ood
work during the storm in the harbor and
rescued the crews of three boats just at
the time they had given up hope of reach
ing laud. Four lighters owned by John
Stang of Lorain and engaged in Govern
ment work on the piers are lost. Two of
them sank and the other* went adrift.
Considerable valuable machinery on board
of them was badly damaged. The damage
to shipping and fishing interests is heavy.
work jtoic moo ai&y.
A Railroad Ex'*n*<on to He Constructed
to the Gulf of Mexico.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 6.— President
A. E. Stillwell of the Kansas City, Pitts
burg and Gulf road said to-day that he
would at once put 1500 men at work con
structing a portion of their road to a con
nection witfi the Gulf of Mexico, work on
which has been stopped for a long time.
Heath of Uharleu A. Ewing.
DECATUR, 111., Nov. 6.— Hon. Cbarleß
A. Ew ing died at his home in this city at
7 o'clock this morning from an internal
hemorrhage, aged 51 years. Mr. Ewing
was very prominent in Central Illinois as
a lawyer and had taken an active part iv
the late ci.mnaign, being chairman of tbe
National Democratic State Central Com
mittee. He was a cousin of Vice-Presi
dent Stevenson.
Hendtraon Get* a IHvoree.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 6.— David Hen
derson, the well-known theatrical man
ager, waa to-day granted a d cree of
divorce from Grace Roth Henderson.
The charge against her was infidelity.
George Alexander Baliatine of New York
was the other man in the case.
OCEAN STEAMER
LIMPS INTO PORT
Atlantic Liner Fuerst Bis
marck Shatters Her
Crank Shaft.
Acute Ear of tfce Chief Engineer
Prevents 1 a Serious
Accident.
CAME IN WITH ONE SCREW.
Like the Weather, the Passengers
When They Hard of the Mis
hap Were Calm.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.— The dis
abled Hamburg-American line steamer
Fuerst Bismarck limped into port this
afternoon, having met with an accident
which rendered useless one of her engines
at 3:30 o'clock Thursday morning. At
that bour the ship was 460 miles east of
Sandy Hook, making for port at a 20-knot
gait. The weather was calm and the ship
glided along smoothly.
Suddenly a decided vibration was felt
all over the steamer. Chief Engineer
Ludwig Jonas, who happened to be on
deck, realized at once that something was
wrong. Going below, a hurried investiga
tion showed tnat the aft-bearing of the
crank shaft of the starboard engine had
been fractured. He ordered the engine
stopped, allowing the sh'p, which is a
twin screw, to proceed under her port en
gine.
The break proved a bad one and the
discovery by the acute ear of Chief Jonas
came just in time. The fracture occurred
in that part of the shaft just aft of the
crank and Had it not been promptly noted
serious results wonld doubtless have fol
lowed when the engine freed from the
resistance of the propeller began to "race"
at accelerated speed. The crank shaft at
tbe point of the trouble is 19% inches in
diameter and the break was totai. tbe shaft
being completely severed. The chief en
gineer was not prepared to express an
opinion as to the cause of the accident,
but thought it might possibly have been
caused by defective castings.
There was no excitement among the
passengers when the nature of the acci
dent became known and the delay to the
ship was only a few hours, a speed of over
fourteen knots an hour being maintained
w i the port engine alone.
When tne Bismarck arrived off Fire
Island this morning she signaled for tugs
to be sent to her assistance as a precau
tionary measure, Captain Albers deciding
to guard against possible accident in en
tering port through the narrow ship chan-
The repairing of the* broken part was
begun this afternoon, and, as an extra
crank shaft happened to be on board to
replace the disabled one, the ship will be
able to sail on her next schedule day. It
is a coincident that the Fuerst Bismarck
reported the American liner Paris, which
broke her shaft on her last outward
bound trip, at about tbe same distance off
shore as was the Hamburg liner when the
present mishap occurred.
OUTLAW HATFIEL D JUGGED
Leader of the Notorious West
Virginia Clan Captured
at Last.
Surrounied by a Large Besieging
Party in a S one Fort in
the Mountains.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va., Nov. 6.—Cap
tain Hattield, the outlaw, and his son
were captured and lodged in jail this
morning.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.-A Sun
special from Williamson, Va., says:
Never in the history of Mingo County
and never since the days of the Hatfield-
McCoy feud has this region been so stirred
over any occurrence as it is over the
triple killing by the notorious leader of
tbe Hatfield clan. Captain Hatfield, at
Matewan on Tuesday last The excite
ment has been intensified by rumors of an
uprising of the whole Hatfield clan, num
bering over 100 strong, to cietend their
leader and aid him in keeping out of the
hands of the officers of the law.
After iorty-eight hours of tireless trail
ing and reconnoitering Hattield and about
twenty of his kinsmen have been found at
an old stone fort in the mountains, which
was used by the Hatrlelds as a kind of
headquarters during their trouble with
the McCoys of Kentucky, some five or six
years ago. Men were stationed at various
places along the only line of railroad run
ning near, with strict orders to search all
Uains and all the routes which the Hat
fields would traverse in an effort to get
across inU) Kentucky. The mountains,
which are near the scene of the murder,
are closely guarded. The reward which
was at first offered has been trebled.
At 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon a scout
reported to Sheriff Keadle, who was then
near the place, the place of hiding of the
Hatticlds. The fort is on a tributary of the
Guindotte River, in Logan County, about
twenty miles east of here. It is situated
in a rocky canyon, so as to be accessible
from only one side. It is built wtioilv of
stone, even to the roof. Lodged here,
with plenty of provisions, a small number
of determined me^i could resist an attack
SkL t~. B^& s^Q &B&
fr%!il|J&
Evil was the, name by whica Scrofula. was
known In olden time. It yields readily to the
blood purifying powers of the* King of Medi-
cines,
:: Sarsaparilla
The Beat— lp fact The One True Blood Purifier.
H nnri J C Pi lie ar ? tbeon'y pills to take>
riOOU S flllS nub Hood'aSarsaparill*.
or endure a siege by a party numbering
ten times as many. Its interior resembles
an arsenal.
Wlio'i be received the report of the scout
Sheriff Keadle selected and carefully
armed and mounted a party of fifty men,
and sending messages to the other persons
who were pursuing Haitield ro meet him
at the earliest moment near the fort, set
out double-quick for the rendezvous. This
was reached about 10 o'clock last nigbt
and an attack will probably be made on
the fort to-day. The Hatflelds have all
been trained from their infancy in the use
of firearms, and their unerring aim with
the rifle makes the situation dangerous
for the officers of the law.
Suicide of a Co trictor
FREMONT, Nebr.. Nov. &— Joseph D.
McDonald, a prominent and wealthy
citizen of Fremont, shot himseli yester
day, causing almost instant d.-ath. The
cause of the act was mental unbalance,
the result of financial reverses in min
ing investments in Colorado. McDonald
was a railroad contractor and built ail the
South P.atte branches of tne Northwestern
road in Nebraska, the Eik Horn system,
and was reputed to be worth over
$100,000.
Gold Jteturnina.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Nov. 6.— There has
been a steady flow of gold into the
United States Sub-Treasury here since the
election, averaging $45,000 daily. Assis
tant Treasurer Small says he expects this
to continue for some time. He believes
that the outflow which has grown smaller
daily will soon ceai>» altogether. There
is now about $1,750,000 in gold in the St.
Louis Sub-Treasury.
KEW TO-DAY.
CRE2MATED7
Last Roast of the Apes,
Including- Catholic
Apes.
IU TO-DAY'S
jf ■ ill ."^ jki ■SJ-"• y» - W
STAR!
Lessons from the Election.
"BARRY'ISTAR."
5 Cents a Copy,
Subscription - - $1.50 Per Year.
Office— 429 . Montgomery St,
' ■■-■'' •.-■•- ■ -■ : :
**J ADS* j* ] m _\ ■•"'
MB.
J MARH J
California
now cries "
home industry '* — 'good,
good ; but home industry
must . provide goods of ■ real
worth — value for value. .
You'll find it in the Stand-
ard — made here. ;■ ,
Scustadter Bros., ;Mfrs., S. P.
When Others Fail Consult
DOCTOR SWEANY.
, A Physician whose reputation, Is established
. by ten years of successful praeiioe in this city.
737 Market St., opp. - Examiner Office.
>i:iM(US UEUILITV and all
ot its attending ailments, both of YOUNG,
MIDDLE-AGED and. OLD MEN. Indis-
cretions of ; Youth, Excesses of Mature
Years, causing drains which sap the vital-
ity, night losses, failing strength, aching
back, diseased kidneys, in fa rued glands,
variuocele, j nydrocele, dizziness of the
head, : gloominess and despondency, poor
memory and a wandering - mind. <
HEART, IUMI\. S'EieVES-
Palpitations' \of the ' heart. ' .difficult
breathing, suffocating feeling, fullness
of head, fear :of impending ] danger or
death, a dread of being alone. You have
no time to lose. -r /. . ...■'.. •
BLOOD ami SflCirV I>ISEASES
—ALL BLOOD TAINT from any cause
whatever, Eczema, etc. \
BLADDER — Irritability, Cystitis,
Stn« ture, eic. . ;. ;
EYE, t EAR, IYOSE, THROAT
scientifically treated and prompt v cured.
DISEASES OF WOMEHf— AH
of their many ailments cured. • .
1¥ RITE if away from the city. '■■ Book,
"Guide to Health," a treatise on all the
organs and their diseases, free on applica-
tion. Call or address
DOCTOR SWEATY,
j 737 Market Street. San Francisco; Cal..
'■ .-. . - ■ Opposite Examiner Office. --■..■
TS THE VERY BEST. ■> NX TO \tTi*»
1 your -y«i and lit them to Sp«ctacle»lnd I ; *
, glasses wi.h instruments ;of . his own lnvAnM -•" \l
', who« supiTlort-y not been equaled Uoa -j'
cess baa been due to toe meriu ofiy tntt^ * m i
Odlcfc Uour.— v to 4 p. v. "W6. p
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
KEAKN-Y AND '. WASHINGTON o-ml'
modeled and renovated! la Vuw A^~ RIE -
European pUn. Kooms Wo to «l so n , V"* OCX
to *tf per we»fc %s to vto i>er moa ??. p ?!if* jr ' **
bot and cold < water •*£**££? " a J J" 8 °* :iU;
•W room; : elevator tUJ £ £££„, ** «««•• '■* " 'HUM OF INDUSTRY
IS HEARD AGAIN
Fires Lighted in Furnaces
That Were Going to
Decay.
Four Thousand Idle Workmen
Have Already Found
Employment.
NEW LIFE IN AIL QU.
The Drummer Prepares for the Road
and God Comes From Its
Hiding- Place.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 6.— A local even
ing paper says: While the furnaces and
boilers in the shops outside of Canton are
being lighted and work has begun, Canton
manufacturers are not behind in the gen
eral awakening to the prospect of increased
business. Snores of telegraphic orders
were sent over the Western Union lines
vitbin forty-eight hours afterit was known
• that McKiniey ha i been elected. These
telegrams were orders for new machinery
to replace '.hat which had be n broken.
' When these machines had been disabled
they were allowed to remain so ami set
aside as they were not needed. Many
have become rusted by months of idle
ness and tbe manufacturers are now bring
ing them out, cleaning them up, ordering
necessary parts and geting ready for busi
ness.
Immediately after tbe announcement of
the election of McKiniey, the Canton Iron
Mills began an addition to their plant.
The new building will be used in the man
ufacture of galvanized iron.
WOONSOCKET, R. L. Nov. 6. —The
River Spinning Company's factory, after
months of alternate periods of idleness
and short time, started Wednesday morn
ing on full time. The large cotton-mills
at Slatersville will start on full time next
Monday morning and run to their full
capacity.
The officers of the Glenmark Knitting
Company in this city, said to be the larg
er-t knitting concern in the country, which
has been running only several hours daily
for a month past, decided to-day to run
full time owin;: to the large orders com
ing in. Industrial conditions generally
are much improved over two months apo.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.— The Erie
Railroad officials have just Issued instruc
tions to three of their principal locomo
tive repair shops to work their forces all
the daylight hours during November,
which means nine hours instead of eight.
. CANONSBURG, Pa., Nov. a— The elec
tion of McKiniey has startei industrial
matters booming here. At the iron and
tbe steel mill the men had been working
half time, but yesterday tney started in on
full time.
FITTAN'NING, Pa.. Nov. 6.— The Kit
tanning Iron and Steel Company's works
at this place, which have been idle for
months, will start ud in a week as a con
sequence of the election.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 6.— Railroad
ticket agents report that during tne past
twenty-four hours a greater number of
commercial travelers have left the city in
the interest of their respective houses
than at any time since last March. There
Is a general revival of business in all
manufacturing concerns, and it Is esti
, mated that in the starting up of iron
mills, factories and other establishments,
which have been idle during the summer,
at least 4000 men have found employment.
The local banks report heavy deposits of
gold da/ing the past twenty-fonr hoars,
and this is regarded as indicative of a pop
ular movement which will bring out the
gold from its hiding places.
MASSILLON, Ohio, Nov. 6.— The Mul-
Jins Coal Company will open four new
mines in the M as- I lion district, and work
will begin on one at once. Thia venture
is dne to the election of McKin,'ey.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Nov. 6.— Tbe
result of the Presidential election has had
the effect to stimulate the furniture in
dustry of this city in all of its depart
ments. The Pbcenix Company, which has
been closed down for several months, has
started its first department and the other
departments will be started next week.
The factory employs 500 men.
• TheWiddicomb Company started their
shop department to-day and the finishing
departments will resume next week. This
company employs 600 workmen.
The Nelson & Matter Company bought
a lot of lumber, conditional on McKinley's
election, ten cars of which have already
arrived and the rest is on the way. The
company employs about 400 men.
The Grand Rapids Brush Company will
start up Monday with 200 men. All the
other forty iactories of the city are pre
paring to resnme work with « full force of
men. The Hamilton cycle factory wi!l
double its force and run full time.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 6. — Greater
activity i» apparpnt in the industrial in
stitutions since Wednesday than at any
time during the year. Every mill and
workshop in Pittsburg is operating more
actively or is preparing to start Monday.
A nnmber of departments which have
been entirely idle or opeiated spasmodi
cally since the summer snut-down will be
In operation next week.
The only industry which has not yet
felt the thrill of reviving confidence is
window glass. Activity in this line is de
layed because of the inability of the work
ers and manufacturers to agree on the
wage scale. It is thought a conference
will be held soon and that an agreement
will be arrived at.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Nov. 6.— The Car
negie Bteel Company to-day decided to
make improvements to its plant involving
an expenditure of $500,000. The order
includes completion of two blast furnaces,
work upon which was stopped about three
months since. It was also decided to
complete the Butler and Pittsburg Rail
road to the lakes which the Garnegie
Company T.as building, work on which
was partially suspended. Contracts were
let to-day amounting to $250,000.
AN INCREASED INQUIRY.
English Manufacturers Now After
American Wools.
LONDON, Eno., Nov. 6.— Since the elec
tion in the United States there has been
an increased innuiry for wools from the
United States, but holders who are ex
pecting a revival of trade in cloih and
wool are very firm, asking 2d above the
closing prices of the lasi series of sales in
some cases.
Melbourne advices say that sales are
proceeding briskly and that American in
quiries have increased. Scourei merinos
and medium inferior greases are at from
par to \i i advance, other grades un
changed. The offerings aggregated 230,000
bales, of which 205,000 were sold.
IN OLD KENTUCKY.
It May Take an Official Count to
Satisfy Both Parties.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Nov. 6.-U will
take tbe official count to satisfy both sides
as to the result in Kentucky. The last
newspaper figures place McKinley's plu
rality in the State at 633. The official
count by counties is about complete out
side of this, Jefferson County, which will
not be finished for four or live days, owing
to the large vote, bin the figures are not
obtainable at this hour. The State return
ing board will meet three weeks from
Tuesday to pass on the count by counties.
Kash and Smith, the first electors on the
Republican and Democratic tickets, are
running ahead of the other electors on the
official count and no matter which way
the State goes the electoral vote is goinc
to be divided, that is, if the Republicans
carry the State they will get twelve elec
tors and the Democrats one. and vice
versa if the Democrats win. This results
from the fact that a large number of
voters placed the cross opposite the name
of the first elector instead of under the
party device. The canva-sing board has
ruled in those cases that tbe vote should
count for only one elector notwithstand
ing the evident intention of tne voter.
This raises an interesting question in re
gard to the votes.
The Republicans are very chipper to
night. Chairman Roberts said at 9 o'clock;
"We have received official returns from
all except twenty-seven counties. We
have trustworthy returns from the miss
ing ones, however, and the 119 counties of
the State show 435 plurality for McKiniey.
We are perft-ctly satisfied that we have
carried the State. lam waiting on fur
ther official re.urns, and expect to send
Major McKinley a telegram about mid
night. I concede the Democratic elector
owing to the failure of voters to stamp
their ballots correctly."
Tjry Woodson, member of the free-silver
Democratic committee for Kentucky,
made the following statement:
"I am more confident to-night than I
have been at any time since the election
that the Democratic electoral ticket was
elected in Kentucky, but I have an
abundance of evidence that the Republi
cans of the mountain counties, where
Democrats are exceedingly scarce, have
perpetrated tbe grossest frauds, both be
fore and since the polls closed on Tuesday.
This information has come to me from
the most reputable men at Middlesboro,
Barbourville, London, Somerset and other
towns in Eastern Kentucky.
"The Republican Committee and the
press of Louisville have kept up a steady
claim the past three days of a plurality of
from 500 to 1000 During this time they
have been force! to acknowledge errors
which reduced their claim to 500 in Fay
ette. 633 tv Harding, 494 in Calloway, 331
inKenion, 100 in Campbell, 100 in Scott,
and enough in Christian, Henderson, Mc-
Lean and other counties to still further
reduce their claims more than 3000. Th as
they have been compelled to scale their
calculations nearly 3000 votes, while the
Democratic estimates in these counties
nave been practically unchanged, but
every time they have been forced to acK
knowledge the truth about one of these
central and western counties, which, with
good telegraphic and telephone facilities,
were speedily covered by the news agen
cies, they have been able to draw on one
of these remote counties for a majority far
surpassing anything ever known in their
history, and still they claim the State by
600.
"The Republicans in the outset claimed
| 11,600 in the Eleventh (mountain) Dis
| trirt, and they have gradually risen to
14,300. I am entirely confident of the
election of the Bryan electors by a small
but safe plurality, which will be shown on
tbe final count. Our people are collect
ing the evidence of these frauds."
As the official returns come in to-night
the statement is confirmed that the elec
toral vote of the State is going to stand
twelve to one. In some counties the head
of the electoral ticket leads the other
twelve by more than 100 votes.
General Simon B. Buckner, the National
Democratic nominee for Vice-President,
spent the evening in tbe Courier-Journal
office to bear the political news, but he
declined to be interviewed.
Major H. P. Johnson, chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee, said
to-night that from information in his pos
session he believed the State had given
Bryan 1000 plurality.
At 11 o'clock Chairman Roberts of the
Republican Campaign Committee issued
tut following bulletin:
"Official returns from 100 counties and
reliable unofficial returns from the other
19 counties show that McKiniey has car
ritd Kentucky by between 400 and 500 plu
rality. The official returns on the coun
ties yet to be heard from will not materi
ally change these figures. We shall be
able to announce tbe final figures to-mor
row.
Journey ot tne Scribes.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 6.— Ab guests of
Mr. Hanna, fifteen Chicago newspaper
men, who during the campaign were de
tailed on politics, left for New York at 11
o'clock this morning. They are traveling
in the special compartment- car Orient
over the Pennsylvania Railroad and will
arrive at their destination at 2 o'clock to
morrow morning. They will be greeted
by Mr. Hanna at the Waldorf Hotel,
where a banquet will be served in the
evening. Returning Monday morning
the party will stop off a short while at
Canton find pay its respects to Mr. Me-
Kiniey. Perry Sanford Heath, who was
in charge of publication and printing at
Republican headquarters, accompanied
the party a* chapt-ron.
Mr. Bryan Declines.
LINCOLN, Nebk., Nov. 6.— Mr. Bryan to
day sent the following reply to a telegram
lrom Messrs. Siegel, Cooper & Co. of New
York, offering him $25,000 a year to attend
to the law busine-s of the firm :
During the next four years I expect to de
vote as much time as possible to the advocacy
ol bimetallism and therefore cannot con
sider the proposition made by you. I appreci
ate the confidence which your offer Implies.
William J. Bryan.
Splend d N.ws Service.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., Nov. 6.— ln an edi
torial to-day the bt. Louis Star says: It
is but just to tbe United Associated
Pesses to state that its election reports
were absolutely Jree from partisan bias
and were unusually accurate and prompt.
The same cannot be said of tbe n<)ws fur
nished by other associations.
Llnd Glv«»s Up.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 6.— John Lind,
us on candidate for Governor, tbis after
noon is-ui-d a statement in which he ad
mitted the election of Cloueh by from 1500
to 2000. lie alleges fraud, but has neither
time nor means Ij investigate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
DUNCE ON BUENA.
VISTA'S SUMMIT
Barbaric Orgies Indulged
In by Hundreds of
Redskins.
Weird Scene in an Aboriginal
Sweathouse Erected on the
Mountain.
HONORING OLD TRADITIONS.
Braves Leap and G ide Before a Huge
Fire Until Overcome by
Exhaustion.
IONE, Cal., Not. 6.— ln response to
some mysterious call or signal the In
dians of this region have been gathering
from hills and valleys for some weeks
past and are now congregated, to tbe
nnmber of several hundred, In a tribal re
union at the base of tbe flat-topped peak
of Buena Vista, a landmark that can be
seen for many miles around. The event
is a sort of census-taking and general
high jinks, and has not taken place before
for many years. The old-timers say that
at the last ereat pow-wow more than 1100
were gathered, so the present number
seems a pointed example of the inevitable
law which has decreed that the Indian
must go.
In the center of the camp is erected a
structure called the sweathouse. a dome
shaped wickiup, the framework of
boughs and vines, covered with a rain and
almost air proof thatch of weeds, mud
and cattails, resembling an immense
mu-krat nest. A sort of tunnel is the
only entrance, and pushing and crowding
one's way through this passage to the in
terior the scene encountered is weird and
fantastic in the extreme. A large fire
burns fiercely in the center, the smoke
hanging thickly from the roof. On
three sides are pacKed tbe bulk
of tbe crowd; on tbe fourth are
tbe old veterans and singers, who
standing in a row, chant a monotonous
sing-song, accompanied by the racket of a
split stick or clapper, all, however, in per
fect time. The dancers, lithe and well
formed young men, nude, except for a
circlet ol buzzard feathers round the
waist and in the hair, their faces painted
wnite and the front of body and limbs
alternately striped with black and white,
elide swiftly round and round the blaze.
The heat is intense ami the floor of the
place becomes wet with the perspiration
that drlpa from their steaming bodies. At
intervals of fifteen minutes they stop,
turn their backs on the crowd, and the
oldest man rises and talks vehemently.
He is interrupted frequently by a wailing
cheer, after which the dance continues.
When a dancer becomes exhausted an
other takes his place.
This pow-wow is to continue five days.
Altogether it is a weird and barbaric
function and seems far removed from tbe
end of the nineteenth century.
A TIE IN THE SENATE.
Sliver Advocates May Block Tariff
Legislation.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 6 —The de
velopments in Congressional contests have
been few, out in one respect they prac
tically demonstrate that the gold forces
will i;il to control the Senate in the Forty
fifth Congress, which control yesterday
was deemed probable. At that time tbe
apparent division of the forces was as fol
lows: Gold Republicans 38, gold Demo
crats 8, total 46; silver Republicans 9, sil
vet Democrats 26, Populists 9, total 44;
majority for gold 2.
One of tbe gold votes in that table was
credited to North Dakota, but it now ap
pears that the Legislature of that State
will elect a free silver advocate to succeed
Senator Hansbrough. To emphasize the
truth of this fact, Mr. Hansbrough, who
made the campaign as a candidate for
Senator, has announced bis withdrawal
from the contest. This will make the
Senate a tie Detween the gold and silver
torces, and should Senator Dubois' asser
tion of last spring — that no financial or
tariff legislation should be accomplished
that did not provide for the free coinage of
silver — remain in force in the next Con
gress and there be no individual changes
of attitude on the subject by Senators,
there is but little livelihood that anything
will be done in that direction for another
two years.
A lew individual changes are to be made
in the list of members of the next House
sent out yesterday by the United Associa
ted Presses, but the total representation
of the several parties is not materially
affected. C. B. Lanriis R. is elected from
tbe Ninth Indiana District instead of J. B.
Cheadle F. ; R. Z. Linney R., from the
Eighth North Carolina District, instead of
R. A. Doughton D. ; J. L. Brenner D.,
from the Tnird Ohio District, instead of
R. M. Nevin R. ; D. K. Watson R., from
the Twelfth Ohio District, instead of J. J.
Lentz D. ; Robert Gamble R., from South
Dakota, instead of Freeman Knowles D. ;
W. H. King D., from Utah, instead of
Lafayette Holbrook Sil.R. ; W. F. Mondell
R., from Wyoming, instead of J. E. Os
born D.
Tne totals upon the basis of these
changes are: Republicans 215, sound
money Democrats 2, Democrats 117, silver
Republ can.", Populists and fusionists 23.
The delegation? of the following States,
consisting of more than one member, will
be solid in the next House:
Democratic — Arkansas, Florida, Geor
gia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Caro
lina, Washington.
Republican— Connecticut, lowa, Maine,
Maryland, Minnesota, New Hampshire,
New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Ver
mont, Wisconsin.
Fusion — Colorado.
Patterson Is Beaten.
MEMPHIS, Term., Nov. 6.— Official re
turns show T. W. Carmack to have de
feated Jotiah Patterson for Congress from
this district by 454 majority. Colonel
Patterson has finally declared his purpose
tv contest before Congress.
A RAILROAD AGENT'S GUISE.
Conviction Ur.der the Interstate Commerce
Act Before the United States
Supreme Court.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. 6— The
case of C. S. Wight, general freight a^ent
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, was
areued in ihe Supreme Court to-day.
W.gtu was convicted by a jury of unlaw
fa i discrimination between shippers in
violation of the interstate commerce act.
He : ranted a laic of 3)£c per hundred
weight to one Bruening on beer shipped
from Cincinnati to Pittsburg. It was dis
covered through a discharged employe.
Meanwhile the Panhandle Railroa i, un
able to find out where the trouble was,
had cut schedule rates. Its freight agent
was indicted, pleaded guilty and was
fined.
Wight's excuse on trial was that Bruen
ing had a biding on the Panhandle road
and that the Baltimore and Ohio could
not get his business without civing him a
rebate, which was under tbe guise of an
allowance for cartage. The case was ar
gued by Hu.-b L. Bond of Baltimore for
Wight and Edward B. Whitney, Assistant
Attorney-General, for the United States.
All the justices except Justice Field were
present
This is the first criminal conviction of a
railroad officer for unjust discrimination
and the result will be watched by all tbe
shippers and railroad men in the country.
FIGHTING I- CUBA.
lnnurg*nU • Saia to Have Suffered 8e
; tierely in the tieeent thigntjmx'nt.
HAVANA, Cvba, Nov. 6.— General Al
vade, with a force of troops conveying a
provision and ammunition train of wagons
to Mamcaragua in the Puerto Principa
Province, Las had an engagement with
the rebels under Serafin, Sunchez and Ca
rilla at Iberich. The loss of the insurgents
was i.eavy. The Spaniards had one man
killed and twenty wounded.
The steamer Guanl Guanico has arrived
here, bringing 300 sick soldiers from Pinar
del Rio. Among the pa-sencers on board
tbe steamer was the rebel leader Luis Lazo,
who had surrendered to the Span ; sh com
mander When the ship arrived here he
was found dead in his cabin, having cut
his throat.
NEARLY ALL DROWNED,
Steamer Tiberias Fatal Col
lision With a Schooner Off
St. Johns.
Thirteen Lives Lost, MikiDg Seven
Wom2n Widows and Thirty-Six
Children Orphans.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Nov. 6.— The steamer
Tiberia, Captain de Lisle, bound for Syd
ney, left here at 7 o'clock to-night. Ten
minutes later, when just beyond the en
trance to tbe harbor, she collided with the
schooner Maggie, bound from Benavist
Bay for St. Johns with a cargo of fish and
lumber. Thirteen lives were lost.
The schooner carried a crew of nine and
fourteen passeneers, five of whom were
women. The schooner had her lights dis
played, and there was no justification on
the steamer's part for the collision, be
cause the night was clear and the schooner
quite near the shore, in a part of the
entrance where steamers rarely go.
The shock of the collision was awful.
The schooner was struck amidships, cut
in two pieces and sank instantly. All
at>oard were on deck. They were thrown
into the water, and those saved were only
rescued by the help of the floating deck
load of lumber.
Several were caught under tne sails and
dragged down with the sinking vessel.
Others were unable to keop afloat until
the rescue boats arrived and dropped off
the planks. Two men climbed up tbe
steamer's side and seven were saved by
her boats. One woman was also saved,
making ten souls rescued. The other thir
teen, nine men and four women, were
drowned, Captain Blundon's wife, who
was bringing her consumptive 16-year-old
boy to the hospital at St. Johns, was
drowned, although her husband had her
on a plank. The boy was saved. The cap
tain's brother and nephew were also lost.
Two passengers named Holloway, brother
and sister, were 'irowned, as was also
Jnmes Power and his wife. Seven widows
and thirty-six orphans is the result of this
collision.
The pecuniary losses of the survivors
are heavy. Captain Blum! on owned 800
quintils of fish aboard, valued at $3000
Several other men had their summer's
wages— s4oC apiece — with them, and two
men had $1000 each and were coming to
St. Johns to make purchases. All were
more or less closely related.
The accident happened within * half a
mile of the town. The steamer lay to
while she sent a boat ashore to land the
survivors and then continued her voyage.
. The police are arranging to cause the
arrest of the TiDeria's crew at Sydney on
a charge of manslaughter. The Govern
ment is caring for the survivors. •
; ' — » -
TORONTO BOILER EXPLOSION.
Two Kmployes Blown Into the Street,
and J>nmage $10,000.
TORONTO, Ontario, Nov. 6.— The build
ing on Front street East, occupied by the
Patterson Manufacturing Company, was
wrecked by a boiler explosion this morn
ing. Robert Charlton, 68 years of age,
and Henry Adams, aged 35, employes,
were ba tly hurt.
The lorce of the explosion blew them
through the doorway into the street, their
escape from death being regarded as
miraculous. Joseph H. Lancaster, an
other employe, was also injured. The
property loss is about $10,000.
ANOTHER MASSACRE.
Sixty Pen on* Reported Killed in an,
Armenian Tiling*.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tubkky, Nov. 2.—
It is reported that another massacre has
occurred in an Armenian village near
Csesarea and that sixty persons have
been killed.
General "Lee Call* on the Pretident.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 6.— After
spending nearly an hour in conversation
with Secretary Oln y to-day Consul-Gen
eral Lee took lunch with Assistant Secre
tary of State Rock ill, and later went to
the White House and called on the Presi
dent, with whom he stayed for over an
hour. No affirmation as to his alleged
statements in regard to the duration of
the war could be obtained and they aie
accordingly set down asimaginary. Gen
eral Lee says tie hoped to go to his home
at Staunton to-morrow or Sunday.
Clemency by the Preaident.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 6.— The
President has commuted the four years'
sentence imposed on Samuel Eccles in
Arizona for passing counterleit coin to
three years, and to six months each of
Andrew Peterson and Christ Foss, in
North Dakota, for selling liquor without
paying a special tax.
Treaaury Gold Hesrrve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 6.— The
treasury gold reservn at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $118,414,514. The net
gam in the gold reserve at New York for
the day was $915,000. The day's with
drawals of gold were $57,500 in coin and
$42,700 in bars for manufacturing pur
poses.
Stranded in L-tke Huron.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 6.—Accord
ing to advices received by the life-saving
service, the schooner A. J. Mcßrier
stranded early tbis morning off Port Hope,
Mich., in Lake Huron. The crew and
family of ten were landed by the life-sav
ing crew.
WASHINGTON COAL
FOR CALIFORNIA
Great Mining Project in
the Carbon River
Country.
Extensive Bituminous Beds to B
Developed by a Rich
Syndicate.
WILL SUPPLY SAN PJBANCISCO
Confident of Driving Wellington and
Australian Product From the
Market.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. B.—Arrange
ments have been made quietly to greatly
increase the coal output of this S ate.
McKinley's election will, it is believed,
hasten tbe consummation of a great coal
mining project that has been under way
for three years. This is the opening of
what promises to be the largest coal mines
in tbe Scate on Carbon River, six miles
southeast of tbe Carbon Hill mines,
owned by the Southern Pacific Railroad.
The property is owned by a rich syndicate,
at the head of which is H. W. McNeill,
formerly general manager of the Oregon
Improvement Company, and Thomas.
Hewitt, a prominent coal expert, who
came to Tacoma last year from the East.
The syndicate has driven a large tunnel
into the mountain side for 600 feet, and
two other tunnels are being excavated.
Eic;ht coal veins have thus been opened,
ranging from four to fifteen feet in width.
One vein contains fine blacksmith coal
and another an excellent grade of semi
bituminous.
As the mines are only six miles distant
from the Noithern Pacific branch to Car
boD Hill, little difficulty will be experi
enced in placing tbe coal on the market.
The syndicate has kept its work and in
tentions as secret aa possible, but it is
understood that it intends shipping to
San Francisco when development work
has proceeded a iittle further. It is also
stated that the company hopes to be able
to drive British Columbia and Australian
coals nut of the California market as soon
as its output becomes large enough.
C. B. Talbqt, a prominent coal expert,
says tne McNeiil coal contains 70 per cent
carbon. He believes it is the best coal yet
discovered on the coa?t south of the Brit
ish Columbia line, and that its quality
will justify active competition with Wel
lington and Australian coals. The North
ern Pacific has just completed coal bunk
• rs of 20,000 tons capacity in Tacoma,
which will iacilitate proposed cargo ship
ment!". It is believed that part of the out
put will be taken by the Canadian Pa
cific Railway.
VISITS MA RE ISLAND.
< ongretamnn BUborn Ancertaint the
Sretln of the Station.
VALLEJO, Cal., Nov. 6.— The yard tug
Unadilla left for San Francisco this morn
ing, but broke down and has not yet re
turned to the yard. The Philadelphia
steamed up to the navy-yard this afternoon
and immediately went onto the drydock,
to remain long enough to be scraped and
painted and then to return to San Fran
cisco. Admiral Beardslee remained at the
City and has his quarters at tne Occi
dental. On coming up the stream the flag
of Admiral K.rklaud, commandant of the
yard, was saluted by the firing of guns,
which was answered from the battery on
board the Independence.
Congressman Hilborn, in company with
Assemblyman Anderson, visited the of
ficials at the navy-yard to-day. In the ab
sence of tbe commandant they were re
ceived and entertained by Captain A. 8.
Barcar, acting commandant of the station,
who imparted much valuable information
regarding the wants of the yard. Congress
man Hilborn is in favor of placing the
navy-yard in first-class condition and
should the present chairman of the House
naval committee, Boutelle of Maine, be
selected by the incoming President as Sec
retary of the Navy, Mr. Hilborn, because
of his long service on that committee and
his thorough knowledge of naval affairs,
will, without doubt, be made its chair
man.
ALL SAUSALITO INTERESTED.
Suit Growing Out of a Water -Street
Improvement Contract.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Nov. 6.— The suit
of James J. O'Connor vs. M. P. Beirao,
growing nut of a contract for the improve
ment oi Water street, Sauaalito, is on trial
before Judge Angellotti. It is one of
those peculiar contentions which are foi
ever test ne the delicate conditions that
beset contracts for street work, though
this one has original complications.
Tbe suit is brought to collect an assess
ment for the street work. The contractor
assigned the collections to H. J. Rais h,
who made collections. But O'Connor dis
putes the assignment and repud ates the
payments made to Raisch. And there are
various other complications in the case.
The case has stirred up much feeling in
the lively seasiile town, and lines are
drawn very closely between the parties.
ASIA'S TREASURER HELD.
Hetnanded to Pri*on to Await Hia Trial
for Embr*nlem.ent.
REDDING, Cal., Nov. 6. — County
Treasurer Jacsson was to-day brought be
fore Justice of tbe Peace Garden of Red
ding Township for preliminary examina
tion ol a charge of embezzling county
funds. He was held to appear under
$40,000 bonds, and, in default, was re
in .tided to the county prison to await
trial.
It was rumored by persons in authority
this evening that Jackson would plead
guilty to a bearing to-morrow, but that
statement has been denied, and some are
ol opinion that a compromise with the
bondsmen will be effected. This after
noon Jackson sent in his resignation to
tbe Board of Supervisors, which deferred
action until Monday.
Oakdale Murderer Convicted.
MODESTO, Cal., Nov. a— A jury in the
Superior Court, in the case of Peter Sis
melich, charged with killing James A.
Brady of Rio Vista on July 17, at Oakdale,
brought in a verdict this evening of guilty
of murder in the tir>t degree. The penalty
was rix«>d at lite imprisonment. Brady
and Sistnelicb, who were hauling hay to
Oakdale, quarreled. Sismelich procured a
shotgun, hunted up Brady and shot him.
Arbitration at CoaUnga.
FRESNO, Cau, Not. 6 —lt is about
settled that the question at issue between
the owners of oil clams in the Coalinga
district, in the southwestern part of ihis
county, will be arbitrated.
Sudden .Death .Near 2*fae»rvlll«'.'
' PLACER VILLE, Cal., Nov. 6.— Captatn
J. H. Jacobson of San Francisco, stock
holder in the Larkin mine, three miles
from here, while on a visit lo the property
with his son-in-law, J. H. Titcorcb of the
Roylance Brass WorKs, dropped dead from
apoplexy at 11 a. m. to-day. His bony
will be shipped tuis afternoon to San
Francisco.
SAN JOSE FORGER RELEASED.
The Accuser of Adrian de Chazen Fails
to Appear in Court to
Prosecute.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Nov. 6.— Adrian de
Cbazen, a swell youne man, who was ac
cused of having forge I George Latour's
name to a number of checks, was dis
charged from custody by Justice Gass to
day because of the failure of Latour to
appear and prosecute. De Chazen, who
comes from a prominent family in France,
was engaged as bookkeeper by Latour at
the cream of tartar works on Bush street
De Chazen moved in fast soci ty and
was a member of the St. Claire Club. His
pace was too swift for his salary and he
signed his employer's name to about $800
worth of checks, which be passed in this
city and San Francisco. He was arrested
in this ciiy about a month ago a3 he was
about to board a train for JNew Orleans.
De Chazen is well connected in France.
Xnrmal School Graduate*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 6.— The following
students graduated at the State Normal
School to-day: Laura Bacon Bailey, Villa
E. Boombower, Stella R. Campbell, Ade
laide M. Cobb, Charles Duane Cobb, Evan
zeline E. Ellis, Lydia J. Emigh, Lizzie
Farrell, Mirtharess Ficklin, Josephine
Guilbert, El ma Hopkins, Alice M. Hyde,
Kate E. Jarman, Emma C. Jutli, Lvdia
Nichols, Florence Puch, Henry C. Peter
sen, Harriet Phelps, Rainh W. Stewart,
Yida Thompson, Emma Walteuspiel.
Thomas S. Leahy Dead.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 6.— Thomas S.
Leahy, a pioneer of this State, died at his
home near this city yesterday. He was a
native of Ireland, aged 71 years. He came
to California in 1850 and for a number of
years engaged in mining in Nevada Coun
ty. In 1867 he removed to this county. A
widow anufive children survive him.
CLOVERDALE FLORAL FAIR
A Wealth of Buds and Blooms
Displayed to Admiring
Throngs.
Chrysanthemums of Every Variety
Arrayed in Beautiful
Exhibits.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Nov. 6.—Clover
dale's fairs are always successes, and the
chrysanthemum fair at Library Hall last
n:ght and to-night, under the auspices of
the Gleaners' Society of the Congregational
church, has proved no exception. These
autumn festivities always bring great
crowds, and the hall has been filled to
overflowing both nights by people gathered
to view the kaleidescopic display of the
beautiful Japanese flower.
Among the exhibitors are Mrs. W. D.
Sink, Mrs. I. E- Shaw, Miss Armstrong,
Mrs. J. T. ShurtlefT, Miss Ethel King,
Mrs. H. Hoadley. Miss Grace Cook, Mrs.
Lottie Crigler and Mrs. J. H. Mehring.
In add ition to the chrysanthemum ex
hibits there are other attractions. Various
booths are there, representing New Year's
day. Wasbingion's birthday, the Fourth
of July. Labor day and Br. Valentine's
day. They are most appropriately deco
raied, and are presided over by pretty
maidens in becoming costumes. At these
booths refreshments of various kinds are
served.
The programme last night included a
farce, which was repeated this afternoon,
entitled "A Proposal Under Difficulties."
The roles were tauen by Miss Adah Wil
liams, Miss Ruby Reed, S. R. Sample and
A. F. Domine. An excellent concert by
the Cloverdale brass band was a feature of
ttie programme this evening.
Before tne close of the fair the follow
ing prizes were awarded: Best col
lection of chrysanthemums, Mrs. P. H.
Ludwiz; best twelve chrysanthemums,
Mrs. Lottie Crigler; best six chrysanthe
mums, Mrs. P. H. Ludwisr; best single
chrysanthemum, Mrs. H. R. Field ; most
artistic display, Mr?. J. H. Mehrine;
special prize for best floral design, Mrs. H.
Hoadley ; children's prizes, Delia and
Philip Crigler.
VIEW A BRILLIANT METEOR.
A Wanderer Through Space Observed
From Many Sections of Aus
tralia.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 6.— Mall
advices by the steamer Miowera, arriving
to-day from Australia, report that a bril
liant meteor was recently observed in
many parts of Australia. All reports are
similar. The meteor was seen in the
evening at 8 o'clock throughout New
South Wales. It traveled from west to
south, comparatively near the earth. It
was round, and seemed about the size of
the moon when it first appeared. When
it flew across the heavens it became cone
shaped and intensely brilliant and was
ioilowed by a very wide band of fire. The
entire path oi the comet was lJtnminated
for several seconds.
From scores of districts throughout Aus
tralia word comes of destructi n of crops
and grass owing to tbe persistent drought
and great heat. The loss to agricultural
and sheep interests will t>e very heavy.
Australasian Governments are alarmed
at the comparatively large export of gold
to the United States in exchange for im
ports from tnat country. In New South
Wa.es atone in six months noany £l.t 00,
-000 worth more goods were imported from
the States than was exported, and gold
was the basis of exchange.
Sail* for Snn f rancineo.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Nov. 6.—
The steamship Umatilla, which went
ashore at Point Wilson a month ago, and
was afterward raised and taken to Quar
termaster Harbor for temporary repairs,
sailed for San Francisco to-night, where it
will on to a drydock to be permanently
repaired. It is laden with a cargo of
grain.
Eloped From Huentme.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., Nov. 6.— Edward
Whitson and Miss Genevie've Mary, a
daughter of J. H. Mary of Ventura County,
were arrested last nignt by the police at a
telegraphic request of her lather. They had
eloped from Hueneme. The girl is not 18
years of ace, and her parent is opposed to
her marrying Whiison.
Arretted in L,nt Angelea.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Cal., Nov. 6.— Joe Lap
ham, wanted in San Francisco for erand
larteny, was arrested to-night by Police
Detective Goodman.
Ivory I» Fur liter Brmande*.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 6.— Edward J.
Ivory, alias Edward Bell, the alleged
dynam ter, was again arraigned for ex
amination in the Bow-street Police Court
this morning. After the hearing of evi
dence given by police officials ihe prisoner
was further remanded.
Death of a l>ukr.
VIENNA, Austria, Nov. 6.— His Royal
Highness William Nicholas, Duke of
Wurtemberg, died of a stroke of apo
plexy to-day on his estates in Tyrol. He
was 68 years of age.
BEAVERTON GIRL'S
SUDDEN FLIGHT
Elopes With the Rascally
Husband of Her Elder
Sister.
After Their Going It Is Learned
That He Is an Ex-Convict
and Bigamist
SERVED TIME IN ILLINOIS.
Deserted a Wife and Two Children
When Pardoned From tlu
Penitentiary.
PORTLAND, Ob., Nov. 6.— A little less
than a year ago Frank Vollens, aged 28
years, a stranger in these parts, obtained
work on the small farm of John Matthias,
near Beaverton. In the Matthias family
were two daughters, aged 21 and 23 years,
respectively, and named Helen and Ger
trude. To these girls Vollens made him
self very agreeable after the cose of a
day's work. Tho young man proved to
possess many accomplishments rarely had
by common laborers. He sang well; he
spoke several languages and had traveled
much. Vollens also had more than a fair
share of good looks and the result was
that three months after he came to that
farm as a hired man he wedded Miss Ger
trude.
Young Mrs. Vollens, to her great amaze
ment, discovered last July that an attach
ment had sprung up between her sister
Helen and Vollens. T.iis both denied
when charged with it, so Gertrude, who
had much confidence in her younger sis
ter, forced herself to believe that she
might have been mistaken.
On Saturday last the young wife became
cognizant of facts that no longer left a
doubt in her mind as to the correctness of
her original impression.
The couple were missed from the ranch
Sunday morning and since then have not
been seen by those interested in them.
Vollens took with him $80 belonging to
his father-in-law.
In his hasty departure from the ranch
he neelected to carry away a pocketbook
of his containing papers shedding li^ht
v pon his identity. These documeuts evi
dence that he was released from the Joiiet
(111.) penitentiary in 1894, where he served
three years for forgery committed in Chi
cago, but was pardoned by Governor Alt
field. They further show his true name to
be Frederick Velleman, and that he has a
wife and two children living in the city
from which he was sent to the State
prison.
USAL SUSPECTS ESCAPE.
Alleged Slayers of Rancher Mudgett Evade
Arrest by Hiding in the Moun
tains.
CAHTO, Cal., Nov. 6-— The men sus
pected of the murder of Rancher John
Mudgett, near Usal, on Monday, have
escaped to Island Mountain. The Sher
iff's officers arrived to-day to arrest them,
but they were not to be fonnd. The
names of the suspects have not been di- «
vulged by the authorities, but two oi them
are said to be members of well-to-do fami
lies about Usal and the others are half
breed Indians. All are stock-iaisers.
The investigation made to-day shows
that robbery was the motive for the mur
der as $800 was taken and numerous drafts
received by Mudgett, representing lar c
amounts, are being looked tor. The offi
cers are confident of capturing the men
to-morrow.
m
Tacoma Mill Cloaed.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 6— The St. Paul
and Tacoma Lumber Company's mill
here, the largest plant on Puget Sound,
closes to-morrow evening for two weeks,
ostensibly to make repairs, but it is given
out by one of the managers that it is
because of no Eastern orders for winter
business. It is said the election of tbe
fusionists in th ; s Stat is responsible for
the closing, it throws 2M men out of em
ployment.
San Diego Official Injured.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 6.— Major A. P.
Hulse, connected with the custom-house
at this port under two or three adminis
trations, fell from a carriage to-day, and
may die. The accident is believed to have
been due to a stroke of apoplexy, as he
has suffered two previous attacks — the last
time several months ago, when he was
found on the desert by an Indian and
taken to Yuroa.
IDISftBILITIESi
Do you feel more tired in the H
morning than on going to bed ?gj
Do you have melancholy spells, B
poor memory, shy, ■ despondent, H
want to be Jet . alone, irritable ? H
. ; If you do feel so, you suffer from H
Nervous ; Debility. If you are H
' . treated V now you can be cured. h
If you wait you may wait a little fa
too long. Many who wait become n
nervous wrecks.: Don't you wait. H
The sure, speedy cure is the H
i GREAT . §
HUDYAN
HUDYAN CURES
Lost MANHOOD, ;■
FAILING POWERS,
■\ NERVOUS . EBILITY,
HORRIBLE DREAMS,
CONSTIPATION,
LOSS OF POWER,
LOSS OF CAPACITY,
LACK OF ENERGY.
CALL OK WRITE FOR
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
BLOOD PAKftY First< Secondary and
DLUUII 1 VldUil Tertiary forms of
blood disorders are
RI AAD PAK A\ lnanifeßt * db - v Copper
DLVVU I ylaVll Colored Spots,! Itch-
ing -; Skin, Irritated,
RI AAH ' PAKAIV Dr V Pa^ned Tnroat,
DLI/UU r.Vlayil Ulcers in Moutb, Fall-
■*-; ing Hair. Act prompt,
Rf AAD PA!^A¥' cet cured - Th « ■■■so-
phVyV iVIOViI Day Cure is at you
• need. Call or write for
BLOOD^POISO^i^oiS^
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Stockton, Market aid Ellis Stt.
34
BOWERS LEADS
OVER CASTLE
Unofficial Returns Give
Him Two Hundred
Plurality.
The CoDgressman Says There Is
No Basis for Fusion
Claims.
QUEER MUDDLE IN THE SIXTH.
Figures Hay? Become Mixed and Only
the Final Canvass Can
Decide.
. SAN" DIEGO. Cal., >'ov. 6.— The pres
ent indications are that I have over
200 plurality. W. W. BOWERS.
Congressman Bowers is confident that
he is re-elected, basinp bis belief on al
most compiete but unofficial returns from
the Seventh District. There was a big
jollification meeting at Cbula Vista last
night and the Congressman was there,
but before leaving San Diego he was in
terviewed /or The Call regarding his
chances.
"I have figures from friends all over the
district," be said, "which show that I am
elected by 213 at least, with all precincts
beard from. The figures compiled in San
Francisco, which give Castle 227 plurality
over me. are wronc. I have over 200 sure
and ex peci over 300. One thing to be re
membered is that Castle's name was on
the/iicket twice, and many Populists, be
lieving thej' were required to vote twice
for Castle in order to complete tbe fu-ion,
put cros-es opposite his name in both
places where it appeared on the ticket,
thus invalidating' their vote. The elec
tion boards in tbe rural districts counted
Castle's name twice where two votes had
been cast in this fashion, and I have a
record of over 100 votes iv San Diego
County alone that were counted for (Jastle
in this manner. Of course these will be
thrown out next week wben the official
count is made."
The returns compiled in San Francisco,
to wbich Congressman Bowers refers, give
Castle 19,271 and Bowers 19,156, with thir
teen precincts to bear from. It is be
lieved Mr. Bowers bases his claim upon
unofficial advices from these precincts.
The situation in the Sixth District is
peculiar. The fusionists claim Barlow's
election, and McLacblan concedes it,
while the Republican committee returns
give the Pasadenan the victory. The re
turns have got mixed in some manner,
and the result will be known beyond
doubt only when the ballots are can
vassed by the Election Commissioners.
The returns compiled in San Francisco,
ni>on which the iu«rton confidence rests,
give McLachlan 23,523 and Barlow 23,613.
with but one precinct unreported.
Yesterday's returns decreased Mc-
Kinley's plurality in the State slightly;
2266 precincts out of 2376 give McKinley
145,431 and Biyan 140,914 The 111 raising
precincts in 1892 gave Harrison 1501,
Cleveland 1778, Weaver 295.
Complete returns from Los Angeles
County show a Republican plurality of
cnlv 824 votes, McKinley having received
16,639 and Bryan 16,015.
BITTER TOWARD ITHITE.
Democrat* Claim Hi* Combine With
< alnr JLo*t the State to Bryan.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 6 —Many
local Democrats attribute the defeat of
tluir party in this Slate to the selfish
combine of Senator White and T. V.
Cator to control the Legislature and effect
the return of the one and the election of
the other to the United States Senate.
White's failure to elect Jones as State
Senator in his own district is pointed to
as an evidence of the Senator's waning
fortunes in the politics of California.
White, it is said, was warned of tbis re
sult unless be kept aloof from Cator, but
he turned a deaf ear to all friendly ad
monitions. No man can convince a num
ber of leading Democrat's hereabouts but
that the defeat of the Bryan electors of
Caiilornia is not trnceable directly to the
W hite-Cator alliance.
Trinity Go"* Itetnoeratic.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., Nov. 6.— Eighteen
precincts out of twenty-three in Trinity
County t;ive McKiniey 477. Bryan 491, Palmer
16, scattering 8 Bryan has probably carried
Trinity County by 20 plurality. The same
precincts give Barhain R. for Congress 397,
Cuiler F. 403, Montelth Ind. 18. Seven
teen precincts give Houghton F. for the As
sembly 422, Matlock R. 423. The remaining
preciucu will probably give Houghton about
20 majority, so he will carry the county by
about 19. The contest for Superior Judg^ Is
very close, with the chances favorable to 'I. E.
Jor.cs R. In the nineteen precincts from
■which returns have been made Jones received
ft'2o, I). G. Reid D. 512. In the Second Super
v.fcor District James E, Dockery Ind. lselected;
in the Th.rd J. W. Snuford D. ; iv the .Fifth L.
8. Grighby D. is probably elected.
Itrynn < tiriies San JHego.
SAN DIEGO. Cat,., Nov. s.— Eighty out of
85 precincts in the county give the follow
ing: Bryan 3703, McKinley 3547; Bryan's plu
ralitjr 156. For Congress, Bowers 3604. Castle
3188, Carlson 534; Bowers' plurality ,416.
For the Assembler, Thirtieth District. Drydeii
V. 1706, Cox R. 1631; Dryden's majority 75
For Superior Juc«es, Torranco R. 3104
Hughes D. 3049. Shaw D. 2954, Ward R. 2466
Puterbangh I. 2409; Torrance'a plurality over
Shaw 150; Hughes' plurality over Shaw 97
For Supervisor— First District. Cherry R. 1405"
Lake P. 913; Cherry's majority 492. Second
District, Swallow R. 122b,. 80az P. 856, Me-
K«e L 378, Floore I. 158; Swallow's plurality
372. Third District. Jasper D. 501, Foster R.
271; Jasper's majority 230. ,
JfcK inlei/'a Lead in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 6.— As the votes are
received from outlying counties in Oregon,
McKinley's plurality is being reduced some
what, as was expected. Little change will be
made by the few remaining votes thai will be
received later. Crook, Curry ana Harney are
the only counties from which no Ul Unite re
turns have been received. These c unties in
June gave: Crook— Judge Bean R. 557. Gaston
and Burnett, D. and Pop. combined, 619.
Curry— Bean 305. Gaston ana Bnraett 239.
Harney— Bean 230, (jßston and Burnett 4fc4.
This elves a total vote in these three couniics
of 1877. The vote in the State without these
counties is: MeKintof 45.443, Bryan 43,050—
a plurality for McKiuley of 2392.
El Dorado Complete.
PLACER VILLE, Cai,., Nov. G.— The complete
returns of this county are as follows: Demo
cratic electors 1667, Republican electors 1134.
For congressman, Johnson K. 717, D e Vries f.
1676; for Joint Senator, Placer and El Dorado
counties, Bwibler R. 12iJ!), Chapman I). 1547
-for Assemblyman. Davenport F. 1338, Burn
haun R. 1474; for Superior Judge, inenam f
1299, Bennett R. (incumbent) 1474. The ma-
Jority Jor Senatorial candidate Chapman !n
Placer County, bo far as heard from, is 100
with five precincts missing. These preciucts
are Democratic.
l.a**en County favored llrynn.
BCBANVILLE, Cal., Nov. 6.— Complete un
official returns on the head of tbo ticket in
Lnssen County sire McKinlev 424, Bryan 530.
For Congress — Barhnm It. 337. Cutler fusion
381, Monteith independent 105. For Assem
blyman, tixih District, emorMclng the couo
t;es oi Sierra. Lap -en »;k1 Plumas— Reward R.
400, Edmiin fusion 387. Frank A. Keiley K.
was elecied Stiperio r Jfifige by a majority of
eleven over W. N. Goodwin D. and A. L.
Shinn P. There is an uuuetcrmiued major
ity against all amendments.
THE LEGISLATURE,
SENATE.
Disc. Counties. Kama.
If Del None. ■
4 yj. a. Gillette, F.
* lHombolat:..J
3 (-Nevada 1
J Plumas. >VV. F. Pr!»lc, IX
'(.Sierra J
5(Y\ Dorado.... ■) '
5 i YE. W. Chapman, F.
* (Placer ) ,
„ (L»*e )
7 i >-Owen Wade, R. •
(.Napa J
J. Solano J. J. Luchsinser, R.
, _ /-Contra Costa.)
iMaurtn H. Dickinson. R.
LJ '(.Marin J ■;.-,■.'>;.■■
ID, Sacramento. G. Doty, D. ■
10. San Joaqnin....B. F. Langfore, F.
1 7
1i . Ban Francisco.. S. Braunnart, D.
It/. San Francisco.. L. J. Dwyer, D.
£l. San Francisco.. E. I. Wolfe, R.
— '). San Francisco.. S. Hall, D.
or:
— <). San Francisco.. J. Feeney, D.
Zii. A1ameda.. ......F. B. Mr«t:on, R.
or . fSanuCrur....)
J\) \ YD. H. Trout, ft.
* JV * Mateo....)
0 1 . Santa Clara.. .. .H. V. Morehous?, B.
00 ("Monterey. ....")
33.1 Flint, K.
%JiJ ' (.Ban 8en1t0....J
0 _ ("San; a Barbara)
O0A xr J-J. J. Eoyce,B.
v (Ventura )
OI . : Los Angeles R. N. BoUa, B.
or . fOranee.. )
39 A Riverside f-T. J. Jones, B. ;; A :
* JU - (tin Bernardino j 4)
The bold-over Senators are? 1 '
2. J. M. Gleaves, R. • ■ ft H
4. W. A. Shlppee, R.
O. Eugene Aram, R.
8. J. H. Sea well, R.
lU. J. C. Hoi low ay, B.
I". J. H. Shine. R.
14. E.C Voorhets. B.
lb. a. J. Pedlar, R. .
10. Hugh Toner, D.
20. E. J. Bert, R.
-u-i . P. L. Henderson. D.
J. H. Hshoney, R.
—O. E. S. Denison, B.
*-O. J. L. Beard, B.
30. F. C. FranK, B,
•""'—. R. Under, B.
34. S. C Smith, B.
3b. C. M. Simpson, B.
»JO. a If. Androns, R.
40. D. L. Wiihlnjrton, R.
Republicans 18, Democrats 2.
ASSEMBLY.
Disc Counties. , Name
/-Del None "i
1 -i J-W. Strain, R.
1 . (.Slsklyon J
9
£l, HumboidL A. W. Hill, R.
«->. Hnmboldu E. D. Damon, R.
/•Trinity.. ■> ■ .
4 1 \J. T. Matlock, R. •
T:. (.Tehama....... J
f Modoc. ...."..'.'*
-5 4 , '-T. W. B. Shan an, F.
. (Shasta. J
/-sierra •»
6-i Flumas >F. D. Loward, K.
. (.Lassen J
I. Bntt* F. B. Btansetl, R. .
fSauer.. ■)
B.{Y 8ba ..;.......} - M. Cutter, R
.(.Yuba J
y.l Mendocina ...J. B. Sanford, D.
fColusa "*
10 enu ' I°* A. Brld * »*
lU.(,lake ) . ■ , ,
11. Yola..s A. W. North, B.
J.Z. Nevada W. 8. Robinson, B.
It). Placer...! .H. T. Power, B.
14. El D0rad0... ...G. H. Bnrnham, R.
10. Amador ...... A. Camlnettl, F.
lv. Sonoma, W. F. Price, R.
I/i Sonoma, J. W. Keegan, F. '
10. Nap*. ...F. L. Coombs, B.
', 10.1 0 . Solano A. Anderson, R.
J\). Sacramento. W. M. Sims, R.
—1. Sacramento ... &F. S. Ennis, R.
*- — . Sacramento.... L. M. Landsboro, P.
—O. Marln..... W. Canavan, R.
—1 . Contra Costa...C. M. Belshaw, B.
— •). San Joaqa in.... A. ju Foreman, F.
—O. San Joaqnln ... Charles Austin, R.
.— * . Calaveras. C. D. Fontana, R,
ZO. San Francisco.. X. F. Lacy, F. and C N.-P. '■
JLo. San Francisco.. J. Allen,' F and C. X.-P.
O\). San Francisco.. H. M. Kelly, R.
*51. ban Francisco. .}. Trescy, F.
«-)— . tan Francisco . . J. H. Power, F. and G N.-P. :
00, San Francisco. .G.B.Godfrey,D. andC. S.-p.
01. San Francisco. .F. Mahoney, D. >
00. San Francisco. .L. J. Dolan, F.
GO. San Francisco.. McGrath, F.
Oi . Ban Francisco.. H. L MulcreTy, F.
00. San Francisco, .Q. Pohlmao, B,
«sy. San Francisco.. L. E. Jones, R. S
41). San Francisco. .8. Bettman, B. and C. IT.- P.
41. San Francisco.. H. C. Dlboln, B.
A'?
"I A. Ban Francisco.. L. a. Ilenlor ,B.and C.N.- P.
4 . San Francisco.. F. Lundqukt, B.
44. San Francisco:. E. S. Ryan, D.
4 . San Fran cisco .. W.H.Gately, D.a nd C. If ,- P.
4b. AlaaMda .'.... G. W. Clark, R. •
47. x Alameda .....J. A. Waymlre, R. '/■.
40. "Aiameda .......F..W. t*avitt, R.
4t7. "Alameda '.'..'.. O. Brieling, B. '
t)U. Alameda ....... H. H. North, R.
01. Alameda H. K. Wright, R.
¥**» Ban Mateo. 8. G. Goodhae, R.
00 . Santa Cruz..... F. AWrldg*. F. V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
04. Santa Clara. ...N. E. Halcomb, R.
00. banta Clara..... J. D. Kelsey, R.
OU. Santa Clara..... M. E. Arnerlch, R.
r r.Merced ' UC. Elliott, F.
O7 S J - c - KHlott, F.
■ (.Stanislaus..:.) :/
rt L fMariposa-...."*
58 'i i- •- T - G - McCandlish, D. •
(.Tuolumne )
OJ. Fan Benlto C. T. Rubell, D.
nr . Alpine y
()0 J. Mono It. A. Keables, F. • • •
V>. Unyo.'... )
01. Monterey.. W. G. Hudson, R.
nr . /-Madera. .'k
hV 1 ' VG. W. Cartwrlgbt, F.
(Fresno ..'....)
nn /-Madera ■>
ho i ■■■ J-L. W. Moultrle,F.
* (Fresno. )
n , fTulare _■)
1)4 < }■ J. M. McClellan, F.
w:i ' (Kings J
DO. Tulare .\...W. P. Boone, D.
DO. Kern E. J. Emmons, F.
I) I . San Luis ObisDO.J. K. Burnett, F.
DO. Santa Barbara.. L. . Harris, R.
Dt/. Ventura T. O Toland, F.
iO. Los Angeles.... W. S. M elicit. R. .
71 . liOi Angeles.. ..J. C. Vosborg, B.
11. 1.03 Angeles J. C. Vostnrg, B.
IZ. Los Angeles F. C. Kenyon, B.
to. Los Angeles. ...W. Mead, F. \
74.. .Lot Angeles.... L. U. Valentine, R.
10. Los Angeles.... John Cross, R.
lb. 0range... ...... .H. W. Chlnoweth, R.
77. Riverside. F. L. Llndenberger, B.
10. San Bernardino. T. H. Goff, R,
iJ. San Diego W. R. Guy, B. 
90 San Diego J. L. Drydeo, F.
OU. San Diego J. L. Dryden, F. j»-tj
• Leading when last returns were receired this
morning. . ,
.» ' .
RECAPITULATION.
Republicans— Senate (mc idling 18 hold-overs),
29; Asaemol., 48. Total, 77.
Fustonlsts— Senate, 8: Assembly 23. Total, 26.
Democrats— Senate (Including 2 hold-overs), 8;
A senibly, 8. Total. 16.
People's party -Ass mbiy, 1.
Kepub ican majority In the senate, 17.
Republican majority in the Assembly, 14.
Republican majority on joint ballot, 31.
J.oomit J. Camttbelt It'ad.
ONEINTA. N. V.. Nov. 6.— Loomis J.
Campbell, one of the best-known students
and li erary men of the United State?,
died to-day of apoplexy. He was the au
thor of a history ot trie United States and
elitor of the popular Franklin series.
H* haa for many years been editor <>f the
Farmers' Almanac, which for a century
has been a hod enold volume in New Eng
land. He was 65 years of age and a bach
elor.
A Murder r .n«iuj» to Liberty.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Nov. 6.— Columbus
Hayes, the murderer of WiMiam Sneed,
who is under sentence of death, esca ed
from the Savannah jail to-nis t by saw
ing the bars of his cell. O'Brien and
Lockridge, Savannah bank robbers, who
were a so confined there, were prevented
from escaping.
Hungarian l><putie* Elected.
BX7DA-PESTH, Hungaky. Nov. 6.— The
compete returns from the elections for
th« Hungarian Diet, show the follow
ing results: "Liberal 282. Kossuthist** 48;
Na ionals 37. People** i»any 20; Inde
pendents and Utironists 7. Seven rebal
lots will be necessary in districts where
there was no choice. 'The Liberals have
gained 65 seats.
Denied by Official*.
LONDON, Eno., Nov. 6.— The story
printed by the Graphic, the paper malting
the assertion upon "reliable authority,"
that Lord Salisbury has decided to
evacuate the Island of Cypress is denied
by the officials of the Foreign Office, who
declare tbai there is no foundation for it
whatever.
An Mnereat- d Subsidy.
BERLIN, Gebmany. Nov. 6.— The Bun
desratb, or Federal C uncil, has given
its assent to a bill increasing by 1,500,000
marks the anbsidr paid by tbe empire
to tbe North German Lloyd Steamship
Company, in consideration of the com
pany establishing a lonnightly service to
China.
franrin Set in .Vltiouri.
"WA6INGTON, D. C, Nov. 6.— Secretary
Francis, who is still in Missouri, was the
only absentee at to-day's Cabinet meet
ing. Secretary Herbert returned from
Alabama last night.
THE PALACE AT XANADU.
A Bit From Marco Polo That Inspired
a Famous Poem.
And when you have ridden three days
from the city last mentioned, between
northeast and north, you come to a city
called Chanda, which was ouilt by the
Knan now reigning. There is at this
place a very fine marble palace, tbe rooms
of which ate all gilt and painted with lit;
urea of men and beasts and birds and
with a variety of trees and Sowers, all ex
ecuted with such exquisite art that you
regard them with delight and astonish
ment.
Round Ibis palace a wall is built, in
closing a compass of sixteen miles, and
inside the park there are fountains and
rivera and brooks, and beautiful meadows
wiib all kinds of wild animal- (excluding
such as are of ferocious nature), which
the Emperor has procured and placed
there to supply food for his gerfalcons
and hawks, which he keeps here in mew.
Of these there are more than 200 gerfal
cons alone, without reckoaing the oilier
hawks. The Kaan himsell goes every
weefc to see his birds sitting in mew, and
sometimes he rides through ihe park with
a leopard beh'nd him on his horse's croup;
and then if be sees ><ny animal (hat takes
bis fancy, he slips his leopard at it, and
the game when taken is made over to feed
the hawks in mew. This he does for di
version.
Moreover, at a spot \n th« park where
there is a charming wood, be has another
palauce built of cane, of which I must give
you a description. It is gilt all over and
most elaborately finished inside. It is
stayed on eilt and lackered columns, on
each aide of which is a dragon all gilt, the
tail of wuich is attached to the column,
while the bead supports the architrave
and the claws likewise are stretched out
right and left to support tbe architrave.
The roof, like the rest, is formed of
canes, covered with a varnish so strong
and excellent that no amount of rain will
rot them. These canes are a good three
palms in girth and from ten to fifteen
paces in length. They are cut across at
each knot, and then the pieces are split so
us to form from each two hollow tiles, and
with these the house is roofed ; only, every
such tile of cane has to be nailed down
to prevent the wind from lifi ing it In
short, the whole palace is built of these
canes, wbich sarve also for a great variety
of 01 her useful purposes. The construc
tion of tbe palace is so devised that it
can be taken down and put up again with
great celerity, and it can all be taken to
pieces and removed whithersoever the
Emneror may command. When erected
it i* braced airainst mishaps from the
wind by more than 200 cords 01 silk.—
Noah Brook-", in Bt. Nic oius.
The pipe smoked by the new Shah of
Persia on state occasions in set with dia
m nds, rubies and emeralds of the cost
liest kind and is stated to be worth ac
much at £80,000 sterling.
PROSPEROUS ERA
FOR CALIFORNIA
Marked Improvement in
Trade and Financial
Circles.
Gold Withdrawn From Hiding
Piaces and Put Into
Circulation.
REJOICING IN ALL SECTIONS.
McKinUy's Election. Will Be Ratified
in Many Cities and Towns
To-Night.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 6.-The
marked improvement in business already
noticeable in this city as a 'result of Mc-
Kinley's election and the maintenance of
the country's honor and credit is an ex
tremely significant forerunner of what
may be expected in trade circles in the fu
ture. An air of enterprise and business
prosperity is everywhere apparent. The
return of ant< -election withdrawals from
the banks has been very marked yester
day and to-day. Ail the bankers here ex
pected this result, but they are greatly
surprised at the number of the deposits
made during the past forty-eight hours.
Building and real-estate circles are also
feeling the effects of returning confidence.
Tradein almost every line has greatly im
proved, while the future is full of promise
for better times in every department of
commerce and manufacture.
H. W. Hellman of the Farmers' and
Merchants' Bank, said to-iiay: "A great
deal of toid, which was locked up by timid
people in safe deposit vaults, is again
flowing back into its natural channel in
banking-houses, where it belongs. Our
late dispatches from the East show a very
healthy feeling as regards the future.
Bonds and gilt-edged stocks have, since
the election, gone up from 2 to 5 per cent.
All business men, irrespective oi party,
concede that it was beat, for all that Major
McKinley should be the victor in tbe
great struggle. I am confident that Cali
fornia's wants will be looked into thor
oughly, and that what we are entitled to
we shall receive. We should be very pros
perous in this end of the State, for our
orange, raisin and other industries will be
protected."
"We are all happy," said Abraham
Jacoby, president of the Board oi Trade.
"There is no need of my saying anything.
Here is a dispatch ju>.t sent out" :
William McKinley, Canton, Ohio: The busi
ness mi-n of Los Angeles ex:eud their heart
felt congratulations on trie mngniticeni vic
tory of law, order, sound money and pro
tection.
H. J. Woollncott of the Security Bank
*aid : '"Money is flowing into the b.mks
from tbe safe deposits. There is an air of
confidence that means much to the people
here at home."
H. W. Frank, president of the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers* Association,
said : 4> The principal effec; of the election
is* restoration of confidence. I believe
that ibe Republican party will matte
every effort to keep the pledges in its
platform, and that the cause of bimetal
lism, with all the safeguards of honor
thrown around it, will be furthered. I
believe McKinley will make history for
us. He is a man of firm convictions, and
will be as true to the workinuman as to
tbe capitalist -a faithful servant ot the
American people."
BENICIA'S DEMONSTRATION
Bryan Men Fulfill Ante- Election Pledget
'< Before Delighted mc inlcyitei.
BENICIA, Cal., Nov. 6.— A glorious
ratification of the election jof MoKinley
and the restoration of the Government to
the conservative element of «• the country
was held here to-night. Immense bon
fires were kindled at all the prominent
places in town and large crowds were en
tertained with patriotic speeches by local
orators. • ■ ■. '. '■ *■
Among the numerous items of enter
tainment was the whitewashing of a ton
of coal by a Bryan man, as the result of a
wager on the election. The job was done
in a scientific manner, while numerous
friends tendered eratuitons advice on the
manner in which it. should be done, each
piece of coal being christened after some
popular Bryanite.
The leading attraction was a wheel
barrow ride that was given by a promi
nent State official to a local merchant.
The procession was headed by the Benicia
MiKinley Cub in full uniform and every
citizen who vn ed for McKinley marched
in tbe line. Tbe ratification demonstrated
the thorough satisfaction of tbe people
over McKinley's election.
SANTA ROSA JOICISO.
Will Celebrate the Triumph, of McKinley
and Hobarl.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Nov. 6. — Tbe
friends of sound money and protection
will celebrate their great victory by bold
ing a big ratification meeting here Satur
day night. It is not only the Republicans
who rejoice here, as many of Santa Rosa's
leading citizens severed old political ties
at the recent election. It was not rener
ally believed that this city and county
would be found in the Republican column,
and the fact ibat six out of seven pre
cincts in the city as well as the county are
loyal gves greater cause for rejoicing.
Although preparations for the celebra
tion are well under way the exact pro
gramme has not as yet been determined.
noaiEx rr/.v ix idaho.
Equal Suffrage Carrie; • but • JVbt by a
Majority of All VotM Cant. • '
SALT LAKE, , Utah, ' Nov. : 6.— The
woman suffrage, amendment :in Idaho
seems to have secured a majority of votes
cast on . the question. There is doubt
about this being .sufficient to carry it, the
(State board having held that a majority
of all participating: 'in' the election is
necessary to carry the amendment. The
Supreme Court probably will be appealed
to to decide the mutter. V
To FoJmoih for Illegal Voting.
LOS ANGELES, Cau, Nov. 6.— George
Henry Rice is a sadder but wi>er man.
He was bent on voting on Tuesday and
did so in spite of the advice of the election
judges. His arrest followed soon there
after. This morning he appeared in
Judge Smith's court and acknowledged
his guilt. He bad formerly lived iv the
precinct and registered from tnat precinct,
although he did not live there and was
not entitled to vote, all of which was
known to him. After pleading puilty
Ju<:ge Smith gave the defendant a short
lecture and sentenced him to one year at
the Folsom penitentiary.
1-ob Angeilet MominaHons.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. ft— The
Democratic city convention recouvtned
to-day to renominate candidates for Coun
cilmen and members of the Board of Edn
cution in the various wards, the first nom
inees having either resigned or been de
clared ineligible The followine were
nominated: Second Ward, Councilman,
J. A. Craig; Third Ward— Councilman.
N. G. Wvnn; Board of Education, C. P.
Hrro. Fifih Ward— Councilman, Frank
Sabichi; Boari of Education, J. H. Braiy.
Seventh Ward, James Ash man.
Mitryarilie Will Ratify.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Nov. 6.—To-mor
row night, in pursuance of a recommenda
tion by tbe Republican State Central Com
mittee, a grand ratification meeting will
be held in Marysville. There will be a
torchlight para<le, firework", open-air
meeting, addresses by leading Republicans
and a grund jollification. Yuba and Sut
ter counties will join band* in the ar
rangements. Merchants, clerks, bicyciints
and Grand Army corps will be in tue pro
cession. Residences and stores will be
illuminated.
Prosperity I>atrn* on Portland.
PORTLAND. Ob., Nov. 6.— lt is esti
mated that $4000 of Democratic money
passed into Republican hands to-day as a
result of the election. An evening paper
prints interviews with all banks, leading
railroad officials and business men to the
effect that there is already a change for
tne better in business conditions through
out this part of the country.
San Dieyan* Will "Holler."
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 6.— Great prep
arations are being made for the McKinley
ratification on the plaza to-morrow night.
A check for $100 has been rrceiveil from U.
S. Grant Jr., now in New York, to be used
toward defraying the expenses. A feature
of the parade will be an electrical train
and display by the electric street railway
company.
.San Diego* Birr Precinct.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. Nov. 6.— A telegram
in The Call from Berkeley says that pre
cinct 1 of North Berkeley is ihe largest
voting precinct In the State, having cast
341 votes at Tuesday's election. San
Diego goes this much better, the Second
precinct of the Sixth Ward in this oity
having cast 428 votes at Tuesday's elec
tion.
Jubilant Situ Joieana.
BAN JOSE, Cal.. Nov. 6.— The Republi
cans of this county will ratify the election
of McKinley by a big demonstration to
morrow evning. The Flambeau Club,
Union Battlefield Veterans, other cam
paign clubs and citizens generally will
parade. L. A. Sage has been chosen grand
marshal.
Brmting the Htmner to Oakland.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 6.— A larce
party of R -pub icans left in two special
cars to-night for Oakland to carry the Re
publican banner to Alameda County,
wnirh rolled up the largest plurality for
McKinley this year.
OVERBOARD OFF OAPE HORN.
Daring; Deed of au Officer of a British
Su-aiiish p.
Most extraordinary are the details of the
gallant action for which an Albert medal
of tbe first class was conferred on Thomas
Averett Whistler, first mate of tbe ship
Ennemale, of LiverpooL
Early in the morning of December 17,
I>Bs, when tbe Ennerdale was rounding
Cane Horn, an apprentice named Duncan
McCallum was sent aloft to loosen tbe
skysail. The Enncrdale, I should men
tion, was one of J. D. Newton's Dale line
of steamers.
Presently, as tbe captain was descend
ing from the poop, ho saw a heavy body
strike the main rigging a little above tbe
bulwark and rebound into the sea. That
"heavy boly" was McCalluiu, and the ship
being almost under full sail at tbe time,
he was carried rapidly astern.
Immediately after this tragic occurrence
H. S. Pocbin, an able seaman, leaped over
board after the apprentice, but the latter
sank before Pochin could reach him. All
things considered the rescuer's position
was now pretty serious, and, fearing lest
be sbou.d be seized with cramps before a
boat could come to his assistance, he
baiied the ship, asking for a lifebuoy to be
thrown to him. At the same moment tbe
master, Captain Gunson, called all hunds
to man a boat. The first mate, Mr. Whis
tler, who hau been asleep in his berth, ran
on deck and beard Pocbin's haiL Calling
to tbe boatswain to heave him a lifebuoy
be at once sprang overboard, secured tbe
lifebuoy which was thrown to him and
succeeded in reaching Pochin. This poor
man wa- already on the point of sinking,
but with tbe help oi the lifebuoy Whistler
was able to keep him up.
Meanwhile considerable delay had oc
curred in tbe dispatch of the boat — for one
thine, her lashings had been secured very
firmly for tbe passage round Cape Horn,
and when she was launched so many men
crowded into her that she capsized, wbich
«ays much for the popularity of Whistler.
The boat was soon righted,* however, and
dispatched in charge of toe third mate
and two seamen. All this time tbe two
men in the water were rapidly becoming
exhausted, and they had made up their
minds to abandon tbe lifebuoy and strike
out side by side for the snip, wben they
were confronted by a new, weird danger.
An immense albatross swept down ma
jestically on Pocbin and Whistler, and,
alter hovering round quite close to their
heads, alighted on the water pst beyond
arm's length. There the great bird re
mained, staring them in the face, and
evidently only waiting until they ad be
come a little more exhausted. In a few
minutes, however, tbe boat reached the
spot, and its crew drew their perishing
shipmates out of the water. Directly they
were lifted into the boat both men became
insensible, and Whistler was delirious for
some time afterward. Amazing as it may
seem, the two men bad remained in tbe
piercingly cold water for upward of forty
minutes. The expectant albatross was
reatly disappointed at t» c turn events
had taken, and had to be driven off with
a boathook. it was a remarkable fact that
tho attack of this bird contributed not a
little to the saving of the lives of both
Wnistler ainl Pocbin. This was because
their vigorous efforts to beat off the sav
age bird materially helped to keep their
Mood in circulation, thereby averting the
fatal cramp.— Strand Masrazine.
MEN WHO DO HOESES' WORK.
A -"Million Japanese Engaged in Full
ing Jlnrikishas.
One of if not the greatest obsracle in the
way of the industrial progress of Japan is
the fact that upward of 1,000,000 of the
most muscular of its population are en
gaged as beast 3of burden. In tbis calcu
lation I do not include those occupations
in which the day laborers of all civilized
countries are engaged. The statement is
simply based on tbe fact that over 1,000,
-000 of the vigorous manbood are engaged
in the transportation of people and com
modities from place to place, performing
the wort which in Europe and America is
done by animals, by steam, by electricity
and other modern methods oi conveyance.
So tremendous is this drain upon the pop
ulation of the empire that much of the
other hard labor, such as loading coal on
vessels, handling heavy freiuht on rail
ways, tbe driving and loading of paefc
borses, heavy fa-ni work and the like, is
performed by women, who, dressed in
tight b!ue cotton trousers and tunics, are
compelled to do for Japan what the Jong
shoremen, yardmen and farm laborers do
in the United States.
1 he estimate that over 1,000,000 men are
engaged in tbe Mikado's empire in these
degra ling occupations is i>ased upon the
fan that the returns of 1895 u how a total
of 199,411 jinrikishas ami 914 840 band
carts. As all these carriages and carts are
licensed, tbe returns are probably correct,
in the case of tUe jinrikiahaa tbe number
of pullers and pushers is greatly in excess
of the number of vehicles. This comes
from the fact that some of the vehicles
have two men, and because in larpe cities
the same vehicle is rented out during the
twenty-four ours to two different men.
It is safe to assume that nearly 250,000
coolies are directly and indirectly engaged
as pullers and pusiiers of the-e convey
ances. As for carts, the same holds true.
They are propelled with enormous loads,
sometimes by two bent and wrinkled old
men, sometimes by one strong and hearty
young man of low intelligence, and some
times by mere boys, from 15 to 18 years of
age. One million, therefore, would seem
to be within the mark. This gives us a
total of 1,250,000 human horses.
To the ordinary observer these jinriki
shas seem a novel and delightful experi
ence. They combine all the joys of a
human horse. They heip you into the
carriage, hand you your parasol or um
brella, tuck ihe rug around you, and land
you at the door of the shop or house.
Moreowi, they take care of your parcels.
In rainy weal her they pull up the hood
ana fasten ihe oilcloih in front, so that
nothing but a peephole is left, ana you
are safe from the wet and mud. Ail you
see is the bare legs of the hedgehce
lookin>» creature who, covered with a pe
culiar hat and coat of a reedy grass, is
rushing onward thronsjh slush and snow
and sleet and rain. This is well enough
for the passenger within, but what are
the effects of tbe occupation upon the
man without? What is the effect of the
employment of 1,250,000 of the robust men
ol Japan in this wav and in the hauling
of carts upon the rest of the population?
These are questions that must be care
fully weighed in any estimate of the fu
ture industrial importance of Japan. —
Cleveland World.
Applied to Orators.
"I wonder why orators always have to
drink so much water?" asked the inno
cent looking board*r.
"On account of iheir burning language,"
sai.i Asbury Peppers, promptly.
"But the fellow I was thinking of,"
said the innocent looking boarder, "was
dealing solely in figures."
Tnen the innocent one looked triumph
ant, until Mr. Peppers came back with
the statement that they must have been
dry statistics.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
» ♦ — •
Queen Vicsoria has never been present
at n Biiiini; of the House of Common?.
KEW TO-DAY
Gurc
CONSUMPTION
1 p **' and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T.A.Slocum.M.C, 133 Pearl St., New York.
We publish the Doctor's letter In full for theb*neflt of
our readers. There will be no mistake in sending— tha
mistake wiil be in overlooking the generous offer— Ed-
7 up SO.ND.fIY CELL.
IJI Lx Kj U J i Jc/«Ai I KjJi l~i Jj.
The Great Family Newspaper
of the Pacific Coast
A NEW AND IMPORTANT
! INSTANCE WHEREIN CALIFORNIA
SURPASSES THE WORLD.
—4
THE LATEST MARVEL OF SCIENCE.
LIFE CAN BE PROLONGED
INDEFINITELY.
AN INVENTION BY WHICH THE DEAF
; ; ARE MADE TO HEAR.
WEIRD GHOST STORY
OF SAN FRANCISCO BAY.
t
BOHEMIANS OF THIS CITY UNDER A
RAIN OF SARCASM.
AND MANY OTHER FRESH, BRIGHT AND
ATTRACTIVE FEATURES.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
NEW TO-DAY.
McKINLEY ittBLES,
Everybody Invited to the ratification of the
election of
Mm and HOBART
.AT THE
: A.ITX)ITOIIITJ3VI,
Corner Jones and Eddy Streets,
THIS (SATURDAY) NIGHT.
Five-minnte speeches by the following speakers
who participated in the cauvass for
Sound Money and Protection.
General W. H. I* Barnes, G. A. Knight, C. N.
Felton, M. M. Estee. L M. Scott, E. F. Preston,
Clay W. Taylor. Van R. Paterson, R. B Carpen-
ter, E. F. Lond, J. C. Campbell, C. M. Shortridge,
I H. J. Challis, H. J. Kowalsicy. J. P. Jackson. J. tl.
Roberts,' E. : I). Feixotto. T. L. Ford, I. J. Truman,
D. A. AlcKlnlay, H. E.";HigbtQn, Colonel Mosby,
Luis Titus, J. T. Dure, A. P. Van Duzer and others.
.Singing by Idadnme Roec^l. Sam Booth, the
California and Knickerbocker quartets- ■
.By order board of directors. ;• , : : ~;;fc:^-U
v : * A. G. BOOTH, President. .
THE". RF.ICHERT. Secretary. ., . ,- ; . ..-;
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The :■ GRILL
Ladl ? F the ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPUN UNTIL MIDMIUUr. ;
STRONS AGAIN
New Life, New strength, New Vigor."
THE AAAPHROOISiC!
From PROFESSOR DR. KICOKD of ParU is th«
only remedy for restoring strength under guaran-
tee, end wiil bring back your lost powers an I stop
forever i. c dangerous drains on your system.
They act quickly, create a healthy digestion, wire,
rimi n blood, firm muscles, rugg -d strength, steady
nerves and. clear brain. Imported direct from
Paris, "r Price per bos, direction s I. closed, $2 50.
For sale by ail respectab'e druggists. Mall order*
from any persm snail receive prompt attention.
Agents for Pacific Coast, WALLER UIIOS.,
33 Grant Avenue, San Francisco.' > ' .
r W/KOX COMPOUND .
ISrANSY®PIUS
ANSY9PIUS
K&M Safe and tore relief, never fail, others
. *¥X 3 are imitations. A all druggists. rite for
§£Sl ■ Woman 1 Safeguard FREE. VVILCv^X MSDI-
-.: mmm CIlfS Co., 22»50. Eighth St., Philada., Pa.STANFORD BEATEN
By TUFTS-LYONS
Los Angeles Baseball Team
Wins an Exciting
Contest.
Scores Twice and Allcws th?
University Men but
One Tally.
BRILLIANT PLAYS FRIQTJ2NT.
McLftine, the Palo Alto Twirler,
Keeps Up to His 0:d-Time
Standard.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Nov.
6. — The Stanford baseball nine met with
defeat at the hands of the Tufts-Lyons
team of Los A:igeies this afternoon by a
score of 2.0 1. The Stanford players feel
very much gratified that their defeat was
. not worse, for none of the nine had touched
a baseball for several months. The visit
ors met with a warm reception and their
play and conduct generally here made
them many .friends. Throughout the
k game there was plenty of cheering and
several excellent plays elicited bursts of
applause. McLaine, Stanford's Varsity
pitcher for several seasons, was in the box
. for the borne learn, and it was largely to
his twirling of the sphere and his support
by Catcher Clarence Strohn that Stanford
can attribute her good showing.
At 2 o'clock the visitors went to the bat,
■ the make-up of the twot-.ams being as fol
lows:
Stanford. Position. Tnfts- Lyons.
. V; trohn Catcher Mangerin»
McLaine Pitcher Harvey
*reeruau First base Franc* •
Ku>l<!ell : second base.. .'. Tufts
Hmrpe Third base CummitiKS
,*; leht Shortstop Longhead
Thompson Right field Tyler i
Jlurphy Center Held Wolfiklll
K. t..rohn .Left field Farow
In the first inning McLaine, Stanford's
star, pitcher, struck out Franck. Tufts
managed to get his base on balls.
Longhead hit safely to first. Tufts reach
' ing second. The next two men, Harvey
and Cumminjrs. were unable to connect
with McLaine's curves and trie side re
tired without scoring. Stanford came to
the bat ana C. Stronn lined out th.* first
ball 1 itched and reached first base
Sharpe hit a grounder to Franck, but
failed to touch the initial bag. Murphy
managed to place the ball just over th c
spco d baseman's head and reached first
Wight made a sacrifice hit, but JFreeman"
• struck out and the side rear d.
In the second inning both sides man
aged to score. Farow was allowed first,
one of McL line's curves striking him.
Mar gerina nit safely and Tyler was given
his base on balls. Wolfskill struck out.
Franck made a sacrifice hit and brought
in Farow. Tufts knocked a pop fly to
.Ruddeil, who lost no time in nabbing it.
For Stanford Ruddell and R. Strohn
• were unable to reach first. Thompson
excited the audience by knocking a two
bagger and when McLaine hit, safely
bringing the runner in, the crowd was in
biah glee. No more runs were piled up,
■ however, by the college men.
Both sides failed to score in the fourth,
but fortune favored the southern boys in
■ the fifth. Tufts hit to Sharpe and reached
first in safety. Longhead got the only
three-base hit of the day. This bou^nt
in Tufts. The score remained 2to 1 the
• rest of the game. .
In the ninth the visitors tried hard to
run up the score. By three safe hits they
managed to fill the bases. McLaine struck
out LouKbeed. Harvey hit an easy fly to
Wight. Cummings Knocked a difficult
foul to Sharpe, who took it in splendid
.style. Stanford was unable to bring up
the score in the last half of the ninth
Score by innings:
Tufts- Lyons 0 10 0 1000 o—2
Stanfords. ...... ....'.. 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-1
RACEND IN THE EAST
• Winners of Brents on the Xaihville and
l.atoni* Tracks.
_ NASHVILLE, Term., Nov. -Five and a half
•furlongs, Bounding Cecil won, Sim W second
Kuth V third. Time, 1 :11^.
Five furlongs, King Eoleyn won, Maddalo
second, Thanet third. Time, 1:06.
Three-quarters of a mile, Bloomer won, Pete
Kitchen second, Hailstone third. Time, 1:17.
S i x^ f . nr on gs> lola won, Charley Weber isec^
ond, Gladiola third. Time 1-16&
Five furlongs, Miss Prab c won/TBilly Fischer
■econd Glad Eyes third. Time 1-04 "^~ *
LATONIA Ky.. Nov. 6.-Results:' Six fur
• 'KbMS: t'Ti^ I Cactus Becond - ex.
Five and a half furlongs, Doomful won J.
Walter second, Roy Carruthers third. Time
l:12J/j.
One mile, Judith C won, Jamboree second
Fuero third. Time, 1:49. " mmooree second,
tSlx furlongs. Gamelon won, Old Center gec
ond, Manchester third. Time 1-193?
Five furlongs, Lady Louise won, kenosha
second, Infellce third. Time, 1:06. C " US ," B
JB.ACH.EZJI JJJtU UK WINN AGAIN.
Defeats Scott a Second Time in a SS-Jtile
. Bicycle Mace.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 5.— 0. B. Hach
enberger, the nndef< ated 25-mile bicycle
rider of this city, defeated Monete Scott,
the well-known Eastern crack, about a
month ago. Scott was not satisfied with
tbe conditions of the race and challenged
Hachenberger for a return race, twenty
five miles nnpaced, the men starting from
tbe tame mart and riding in opposite di
. rections. The »econd race was run at
Denver Wneel Club Park to-day and was
won by Hachenberger with ihe apparent
ease which has characterized all of his
races. The time, 1:10:02, is good, consid
ering the condition nit « track.
BIG BANRICAP ROAD RACE.
Urer One Hundred Wheelmen in a
Twntif- Mile Cycling JSrrnt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 6. — A
twenty-mile handicap road race, under
the auspices of the Washington Road
Club, was held this afternoon on the Con
duit-road course. Tnere were 108 entries,
four of whom were scratch men. the
ban Mcap of the others ranging up to nine
minutes. Charles McLaughlin, with 7%
minutes handicap, won. Time. 52:26^.
■Howard Matcnett, with 7 minntes. was
second in 52:27; and L. B. Dannemiller, 7
minutes, third in 52:27}£. John L. Turner
of Boston, a scratch man, won the beat
time prize in 54:03. _
Chico Farmer's Awful Death
CHICO, Cal., Nov. 6.— A sad accident
occurred last evening six miles from Chico
which caused the death of James C. Duns
comb, a prominent farmer in this vicinity.
Mr. Dunscomb was cultivating his orchard
and was riding on the cultivator, when
one of its teeth caught oa a root and the
lurch threw him to the ground in front of
I the machine. The horses started to run,
k^rageing the cultivator over his body.
Tne sharp teeth penetrated bis heart and
lungs. He lived but a few minutes.
Kan Jo**'a Poultry Shove.
SAN JOSE, Cal , Nov. 6.— The poultry
show to b« held in this city by the Santa
Clara Pouitry and Kennel Club from No
vember 18 to 21 inclusive promises to be
the <_'reatrst ever hel'i on the coast. Over
1000 fine thoroughbred fowls will be ex
hibited by fanciers on this coast, besides
many famous prize-winners from Eastern
poultry yards. A lor^e number of valu
able prizes have been offered.
I'nt It or tit/ Knocks Out Tom Rurna.
Washington, d. c, Nov. 6.— At
Steubener's roadhouse to-night Pat Kaedy
of Washington, in a fight to a finish,
knocked out Tom Burns of California in
three round?. From the beginning of the
contest Raedy had the best of the bou\
Burns was the favorite in the betting, but
it was evident from the end of the first
round that lie was too weak for Raedy. A
large amount of money changed hands
on the result *
SHE RAISES FRUIT.
Conquest of Mrs. Thomas Fraser at
Banning on the Colorado
Desert.
Mrs. Captain Thomas F. Fraser, owner
and manager of a large fruit ranch at
Banning, on tne edge of the big Colorado
desert, is at the Commercial. The lady is
on her way East, to cet some improved
machinery for next year's handling of the
fruit and also to make arrangements to
ship the crop direct to the Eastern market.
This year Mrs. Fra-er had five carloads
of dried fruit. For the first two cars she
received 3 cr>nts a pound and for the re
mainder $14 cents. The fruit consisted of
prunes and was ungraded.
Mrs. Fraser is the widow of Captain
Fraser, for a number of years superintend
ent of the Lick estate. He also superin
tended the construction of the .Lick Ob-
MRS. THOMAS FRASER, Who Owns and Manages the Big Fruit
Ranch at Banning.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
servatory. They owned a ranch in tbe
mountain pass at Banning when Captain
Fraserdied. It had been largely planted
in trees and these trees, during the last
year or two, have begun bearing in
abundance.
Left with the management of the ranch
Mrs. Fraser at once took hold of it in
earnest, and she has attended to all the
details ever since. It is no easy ta-k, for
the ranch consists of about 200 acres. Of
this eigbty-five acres are in prunes, thirty
in small fruit and the remainder in alfalfa
and grain.
It is the first, however, that is the profit
able crop, and the one which receives the
lady's greatest attention. The crop prom
ises to prove a steady bonanza.
Mrs. Fraser told about her experiences
yesterday to a Call representative. She
said that though the ranch produced five
cars of dried fruit this year it wa3 really
the beginning. Many of the trees were
ju^t getting ready to bear, an<i next year
and afterward, as she says, there will be
very large yields.
She also told about the profits of fruit
raiding, and said she was entiiely sati-ried
in thi* way.
"Though the profits are not so big as
they used to be," said she, "still there is
money in the business. It is really a
business. 1 refer now particularly to the
raiding of prunes and drying them. The
prune crop is the one of which I have the
most, though I have a variety of plums
and other small fruit.
"As the ranch is comparatively new I
have not yet built drvbousee, trays and
tbe apparatus generally used. However,
at Banning the air is hot and dry, and dry
houses are not really needed. Not having
trays, I cut forty acres of alfalfa just be
fore beginning the curing of she prunes
and spread them out on tbe alfalfa ground.
i found this worked very well.
"JSut I will now make arrangements for
trays, so that I will have them next year.
While J am East I will also get other ap
paratus that is necessary in carrying on a
fruit ranch. Besides this, I want, if I can,
to sell the crop in the East, shipping
direct, so as to avoid the payment of com
missions. I think this is the real way to
market a California crop.
"Banning, where the ranch is, is a pretty
place five hours' ride from Yuma, in the
edge of the great Colorado desert. It is
the first green spot reached after passing
the desert. It is 2300 feet above the level
of the sea, and many invalids go there be
cause of the fine, dry air.
"The little town of some 300 people oc
cupier, a pass between ban Jacinto Moun
tain and Grayback Mountain. On these
| picturesque mountains snow may be seen
all the year. I like fruit-raising very
much. It is an independent business and
I find no difficulty in carrying it, O n.
"I employ Indian and Mexican labor
largely and huve no trouble at all. In the
height of the picking season I employed
thirty-five men, women and children
Next year probably double as many will
be required."
Mrs. Fraser is an object lesson to timid
people who are afraid to launch into inde
pendent enterprises for fear of failure
She will be in the City only a few days.
Charged Extra for His Injuries.
At the barber's:
"A shave, sir?"
"Yes. (The operation was performed
more or less clumsily.) How much?"
"One shilling."
"Dear me! 1 thought you only charged
sixperce."
"Yes, for an ordinary shave; but this
time 1 happened to cut you and had to
apply an astringent lotion to stop the
blending— that makes sixpence extra." —
Le Journal Amusaut.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1596
BOB AND TOM
HAVE SIGNED
Everything Between Shar
key and Fitzsimmons
Settled.
On December 2 They Wili
Box ior a Purse of
$10,000
THE ARTICLES OF AGREEMENT j
Julian Will Gi to Smsalito To-Day
to S cure Training Quarters
for Bob.
It is settled. Fitzsimmons and Tom
Sharkey will fipht in this City December
2 for a purse of $10,000, the winner to take
all.
Articles of agreement were signed in
the cafe of the Baldwin Hotel last night.
Sharkey was willing to meet the Cor
nishman, and is confident of victory.
When the time came to sitn articles tin-
Baldwin Hotel lobby and cafe wer<
crowded.
The articles as signed are as follows:
San Francisco, Nov. 6, 1896.
We, tbe undersigned, Robert Fitzsimmoiu
and Thomas Sharkey, agree to contest in a
boxing bout of ten rounds, under the au
spices of the National Athletic Club of thi
City on December 2, 189(5, at a place to be se
lected by paid club, on tbe following comii
lions, to wii:
First— We agree to box for & purse of 610 -
000, the winner to lake all.
Second— We agree that the Contest shall b'
governed by the Marquis of Queensberry rules
and that the gloves shall be of regulation s ze
vis.: live-ounce gloves.
Third— We both agree that In the event thai
both of the contestants shall be on their ft-e
Ht the termination of the tenth round that tin
referee shall nward the decision to the eonte.st
a:.t who, in his judgment, shall have the be*
of the bout.
Fourth— We agree that in the event of the in
ability of the contestants lo agree upon th -e
lection of a referee by 12 o'clock noon on De
cemoer2, that the National Athletic Club sr.a. .
select a referee.
Kith— We agree to be in good physical con
aition and ready and willing to enter the ring
at 9 o'clock on said evening, to carry out Hi
above agreement.
Sixth— We ngree that the said clnb shall ar
point an official timekeeper, and that each o;
the contestants shull appoint his own time
keeper.
Seventh — We agree that each contestant
shall be entitled to the appointment of three
seconds.
Eighth— lt Is hereby understood between tbe
contestants and the National Athletic Club
that the club shall deposit with the Shu Fran
cisco Chronicle the purse of $10,000 by 'i.
o'clock on December 2, said amount to be
Handed to the referee before the principals
enter tbe ring.
Ninth— lt is hereby agreed between the nriu
cipals and tbe National Athletic Club that in
the event that the club should fail to bring off
s«id contest, that vhe sum of $5000, now in
the hands ot the San Francisco Chronicle
shall bo forfeited to the principals, $2500 to
each.
Tenth— We agree to deposit with the San
Francisco Chronicle on November 14 the sum
o; $2500 each, as a guaranti-e of cood faith
and oi our appearance in the ring on the night
of December 2 to carry out the above agree
ment.
Either principal failing to carry out the
above agreement shall forfeit to the<me»ho
shall fu nil his agreement the sum of $2500.
Martin Julian, for Bob Fiizsimmous.
R. J. Lynch, tor Thomas Sharkey.
J. J. Groom, for National Athletic Club.
Witnesses: H. L. Baggei.t,
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
After the signing oi articles there was a
common congratulation and hand-shaking
after which the principals and their man
agers went off for a sociable time.
Lynch, who is particularly interested in
Sbarkey'B welfare, was at" the Baldwin
Hotel bright and early yesterday morning
to interview the sailor's next opponent.
He was accompanied by Groom and Gibbs!
the managers of the National Club. After
the customary introductions and exchange
of compliments, bu-iness was inoruer. In
the drawing up of the articles of agree
ment some discussion was nad over time
keepers, but this question was quickly ad
ju-ted. Each fighter was ailowed one,
the club selecting a third. So far as sec
onds were concerned, tne managers agreed
upon three each. Julian was very anxious
as to the $10,000 purse. He -a"id that it
should be in the hands of somebody satis
factory to both principals ten days before
i' day of the fight. Groom thought that
th exaction of Manager Julian was too
se.eie on the club, as it had already de
po-ited $5000 in t.ie keeping of a morning
paper, wmch should be ample guarantee
of the club's good faith in the matter.
Julian, a'ter cnnrderahle rnr!>>y. a^re^'i
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
finally to a proposition that the purse in
full must be in the hands of the stake
holder at 2 o'clock of the afternoon of the
evening of the contest. Lynch agreed to
this and nothing more wai said regarding
the money part of the agre ment.
Fitzsimmons, who was reclining in a
soft-seated chair, a very attentive listener
to the conversation that resulted between
the managers, suggested something about
gloves.
"What kind of gloves does Sharkey pro-
Dose to use?" asked the Cornishman of
Manager Lynch.
"Why, any Kind of mittens will satisfy
Tom," retorted the horseman.
"Well, any kind of gloves won't snit
me," answered Fitz. "My hands are of a
peculiar formation and I require a special
make of Klove." And the fighter held out
his mighty right duke which had sent
many a good man to dreamland.
Lynch looked surprised at the mam
moth weapon of defense and after a short
pause he agreed that the fighters select
their own gloves.
Groom, who was figuring in the club's
interest during the hand and glove dis
cussion, asiced Julian and Lynch what
they proposed doing to guarantee their ap
pearance in the ring.
"How much do you want us to ad
vance?" asked Julian.
Groom thought that $2500 each would be
reasonable.
Julian looked at Lynch and Lynch
in tnrn peeped at Fitzsimmons.
"Well, you know that we have $6000
posted in New York for a match with
Corbett," said Julian, "and it will take
some time to get it.
Lynch said that his money was tied up
with Corbett, but he thought he couid
raise $2500.
Both managers finally agreed to post a
forfeit on the proviso that the money be
paid to the contestant who enters the ring
prepared to fight, and that it both princi
pals failed to appear the money then
houlu" be turned over to the club.
Julian and Groom took a trip to Sausa
lito yesterJay with a prospect of securing
raining quarters for Fitzsimmons.
Julian was delighted witn the place and
will go over ayain to-day to rent
1 cottage for his charge. Fitz is a great
■ over of domestic simplicity and does not
ike to eat any article of fooa not prepared
r>y his wife.
The San Francisco Yacht Club has
■.liven the pugilist the privilege of making
use of its commodious quarters anytime
tie sees fit. This is very acceptable to him,
;s he takes great pleasure in both rowing
.Hid swimming.
Shnrkev has been training conscien
iously for a week at the Seal Rock House.
CONVICTS TOOK LEAVE,
lames Nash and Beecher
Manson Quietly Skulk
Away.
h°y Are Mourned by the Guards
at the House oi Cor
rection.
When the "rinsr-in" bell sounded at the
House of Correction Thursday afternoon
wo of Suj erintendent Reddy's most
worthy wards failed to put in an appear
uice.
The missing ones are James Nash and
tSeecher Manson, both of whom have been
•erving short terms for petty larceny.
They had just entered upon the first month
f a 180-day sentence, after which Nash
was to fill another six-month engagement
Mi a conviction of vagrancy.
These two prisoners were regarded with
n unusually watchful eye when they were
Am taken to the "house," tor they had
previous records in other jails for more
-. s.'gravated offenses. Under the name of
• iiaries Watson, Beecher Manson was
onvicted in San Bernardino County a
ouple of years ago and duly served a
velve-month term in the warm belt. He
s Out a iati, not yet out of his teens, but
iie is a very "tou.-h" character.
Under the care of Guards Donnelly and
Herrington they went to work Thursday
ifterncon in the vegetable patch outside
he prison walls. The watchful eye that
:nd been kept upon them up to that time
-*rew hazy after nights of wakefulness
Beecher Manson, Alias Charles
"Watson.
James Nash, Alias Frank McCann
during election times. Guard Donnelly
nusted to Guard Herrington while he al
lowed the lid to drop over his optics half
tbe watch, and v;ce versa, but as Herring
ton was calculating the same wav the
vice versa miscarried and tne watchful
eve k(>pt warm in total oblivion of what
w.im transpiring about it.
Not so with the peepers of Nash and
Manson. Their wide-awake optics, re
freibened an>l invigorated by weeks of
early retiring, detected the opportunity
for escape, and they availed themselves
of it.
Now they are at laige, and Captain
Lees' force of detectives is out on a still
hunt, assisted by the House of Correction
n^rd". hoping to ■ ather them in.
A NEW CHARTER
MAY BE DRAWN
Special Elections May Be
Called at Any
Time.
Attorney Creswell Discovers a
Late and Vital Supreme
Court Case.
NO NEED OF FOUR YEARS' DEI AY
If the People Want a N«w Organic
Law There Is Nothing in
Their Way.
City and County Attorney Creswell has
discovered that there has been a recent
decision of the Supreme Court — Septem
ber 21 — by which a special election may
be held at any time for the purpose of
adopting a new charter.
"A year ago the Election Commission
and many leading lawyers did not hold
this view," said Mr. Creswell last night,
"but, on the authority of the people
against Hoge, h«»ld that the only time
that a charter could be submitted would
be at a general election as distinguished
from an election called specially to submit
puch a question. It was held that the
smcial election meant by the law was one
to fill a vacant office.
"But the Supreme Court decided in Sep
tember, in the case of the People ex rel
Miller and Hughes vs. D.i\ie etal., thnt
amendments to the Oakmnd charter were
proierly adopted at an election called
snecsally for that purpose. The court
construes the eleventh section of the
eighth article of the constitution, where
the expression, 'special or general elec
tion,' occurs, and holds that the decision
in People vs. Hoge, so far as it touches the
question of construine those expressions,
is obit<T dictum. In other words, in plain
En.'iish, a special election may be called
at any time for submission of a new
charter."
STRATEGY OP TEE TURTLE.
It Eats » Variety of : Things and
Skirmishes Lively for Them.
The snapping turtle eats a variety of
things; when it gets a chance it catches
and eats live fish, usually killfish, says
the New York Sun. While the turtle is a
pretty fair swimmer in its way, It cannot
begin to compete with the fish; it cap
tures the fish by strategy.
When the tide comes in killfish come up
the creeks in swarms, looking for food.
The kllfish is a scavenger; it will eat al
most anything. Any scrap of food on the
wa;er is fastened upon, perhaps by one
kill or by ten, or there may be a hundred
killies struggling and positing to get at it,
and tearing off shreds and fragments
whenever tney reach it. This is the tur
tle's opportunity.
The turtle, standing in the shallow water,
edjes toward the nearest itilli, moving
slowly and cautiously with its neck ex
tended. As it moves nearer it gradually
contracts its neck, drawing its head back
toward its shell. Its body in all the time
petting closer to the kiili, but its head is
not. The killi, If it has an eye on the
turtle at all, is thus lulled into false se
curity. It seenn never to realize tbe tele
scope character of the turtle's neck.
The turtle calculates distanc a with great
nicety. Stili inching steadily iorward it
keeps all the time dialing in its head,
until perhaps only its eyes are visible peer
ing out from under the edge of its shell.
Th«'n, when it is within striking distance,
suddenly out shoots its head, and oftener
than not it gets the killi.
There is a sheilfish In the Mediterranean
which produces a pool quality of silk.
Fabrics have been manufactured from it,
but only .-is curiosities.
HEW to-dat:
Matchless
Prices
CROCKERY, CHINA, GLASSWARE.
JOTTSTJST UIIrL £&$ b» 7C
SET Oil* wgfc £l •_£ +■*
Very Pretty Light Blue Colors.
These Sets
v Worth l3r :::::::::::..$12.50
Running 100 Stores n
Enables Us to Save You the
DIFFERENCE.
Come to cur stores, see them,
You can then, be THE JUDGE.
Great AmericanlffisBrtiD£Tea Cfl.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth U.
2510 Mission st. 218 I bird st.
14* Sixth st. a«o8 FiIUMC* tt
61 7 Kcarny sL ' ".- 965 Market at. - -
1410 Polk st. 30*6 Sixtcvatsi st,
m Mor.iconay mv*. : - icu scca««l st.
t»3 Hayes st. SZSS MiMkia st.
53 Market st. <Hea«qsaniers>. S. P.
■o*3 WasUnctes mt. 616 E. Twelfth st.
■31 b*n Pablo ive. 917 *.■■■* j^itinj
i3sS Park st., Alamrda.
HANDSOME PRESENTS GIVEN
AWAY.
SOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
; (Via Sauaalito Ferry),
from Ban Francisco, Comm«nclns Sept.' la 18»i
WKEKDASra. '::.*
For Mill Valley ana >un KatMl— •7i2B, •Bilß
11:00 a. If.. *1:45. 3:43, »5:!5. •5:45, (J:3O p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Kafa*l on Mondays, W«da*»
. days and Saturdays at 1 1 :S0 v. it
SUNDAYS.
For Aim Valley and Sun l:afael— *8:00, *10: C«
.. •J1:33 a. n. ; *l:b0.'S:00,. s 4:SO. 6:15*. m.
: Trains marked * run to sum (iuentln. -
• .THKOUGH, TRAINS. .
>'• Tor Point Roy es' and way stations— 7 a. «.
Weekdays, 8 :0>» a. m. Sundays, I:4a r. :M. Satui> '
Isra
> or Casadero and wav stations— 7:26 A. m. wtek
4»ys; 1:45 F. X. Maturdaya. -.
JOU CT TASIALPAIS.
'.. Trains .. connect with North ' ■ Paoifls
« oant Kailrnnd. ,
VVEJ-.K DA Ve>— 1, S. F. 9:l^ a. x. 1:4". "r •'■*}
i ■■ • Roiurnlait— Ar S. K. 3:25 p • if. 6:20 r ie j
SUNDAYS— LeaveaP.BA:v 11:H0a. l-.tjru.
\ Keiurnlne— Arrive S.F. 1 :1 p. u 4:20 p.m. 7:35 rm.
/rickets for sale In .Mill Valley or .:: .. ■ ■■■■?;
«i.iT, H ,?^ CO i' K * " OK8 « 6 - 1 Markets:., B. P. v
•tIU V»Uv and Mount Tamaljiais besale Kali via.
■_^- >J -^- w -J^-_- w -^/ r^ l _.1" KF\P -lO.JJAT-DRT GOO 1)«
' ■ :';. ■ . . :. •' . . ■.. ■ c^ ' '. * '3
I Trade= Winners! |
SZ ■ ■ •. ,..; ■■:■•■-.-...-•.• '■ ' . '— ««
. We are conscious of the fact that the major part of our r^j
•£: wares are sold for less than others. We want you to know -
St: it, and feel that whatever .buy from us is equal in 'rig
quality and lower in price than you can purchase it else- US
SI where. These prices will help you form this opinion.
m^— - ... - '•'--.■ - . . ' . ■ , . . ■ -- ■ . •. ■ > o
•>— — — — >o
m*- —**
B Kid Gloves, Bargains in
|g 2-clasp 75c. <skirtc 3
IS= 4- BUTTON, $1 and $1. 0. p*S»* ?,' rS
!fc ° $25 Moire Velour Dress Skirts $15. '3
■ m*- White with colored stitchings and $20 Brocaded Silk Dress Skirts $10 =S
t^z all colors in our $1 and $1 50 gloves, $15 Brocaded S. lk Dress Skirts $8 50. -«•
Ig~ are fitted 10 the hand and guaranteed | These are beautiful silks, elegant -^
Ig- the be -it gloves purchasable for the ! designs, perfect hanging and wonder- 1^
I c»— money. fully cheap. We are willing to be *~^
.S^ . I judged by the-e garments. See if -^»
I st= .> ... «^»i j '*%-.' I you can match them at these prices •
Z~ Veilings, 12oC and 25c. inthiscitv.
]^Z . V.  •" ,0 ,' o • v ' H Black Figured Alpaca Skirts rS
■T" All the novelties in 18 and 27 inch | $250. - •
Veilings, formerly sold at2sc and 50c. 1 $5 Bine : Serge and Fine ' Alpaca
•*— Lace-edged Veils 15c, once 350. Skirts $350. ZS
;a^ ;;." ■""'- $7 "-0 Brilliant Figured Mohair r^
B Handkerchiefs, skinss4. ;
I2|c, i 5 c, 20c, 25c. I Bargains, in Jackets 3
g~ Have you a handkerchief to buy? i sanrl Cnnac £» rS
SZ Each one is different, sewed on ai dnu V-"*peS $5. -^
S^ green card.. They were th samples m., ■, ~r—. — . "'' :t — ■<*
■fc import orders were taken- from. We Tailor-made Smts. $12, $15, $16.50. ~~
i s^= sell a single handkerchief for less: Better h * $00 n each price than you
g: than you could buy them in dozen can buy. where.;;:/--: , . _J.
Sr lots. — — Bargains in Black and -^j
tz Bargains in Black and
fc Hosiery. Colored Dress Goods.
2= 6to 9, Children's, 15c. * > 35c, 50c, 75c and $1.00. .:
I gT~ 6to 10, Children's, 25c. are troubii- to show good 3. If you = 5
O to 10, Children S, 25C. are not pleased with price anil style
iSi Ladies' Imported, 12}£c. 20c, 25c. ? on '. purchase. We are simply sell- I2J
j^ The 25c children's is double knee, in.-' bargains this season. We want :^
■ fcr high-spliced heels; the 15c are lxl ' mure dress gooi's trade. If, price, -3
»- ribbed; the ladies' 12^c are worth ! sl * l . o and courteous .reatment will =^»
25c; the 20c are dropped stitch, and f et it we 11 have it Don't ouy un- rS
SII the 25c are lisle. If you can find such le ss you can do better here than else- ■-«
• Sr: an aggregation of values elsewhere wn ere. Visit our Dress Goods De- —^
«£- they surely are entitled to your trade. P«rtment to-day. We are doing ZS
'■ m-Z We' are wonder workers in Hosiery. some wonderful selling. . =3*
~2 Feather Boas, 25c to $20. MILLINERY.
Fine Spangle Dress Trimming 12^c, 1 Trimmed Hats. $350 and $5. We've
,ff w orth 25c \ .-c■ v. .. : . i ■'"■•'-"! i sold more hats 0 far this season than 12
Remnants of Embroideries, 5-yard I in any two before. Reas >n- We eive =2
g— strips lor 25c, 35c, 50c; 5 yards lor the you more style for less money than -"•*
•— price of two. any concern in town. .---.- :^
ST~ 75c Shell Back Combs for 15c. — —— — «»
I~- 50c Gentlemen's Neckwear 25c. DOWNSTAIRS. r:^
--: *! Mlss e^' .- Wool Combination Suits French Primed Flannel 50c, else-
St: °, '. 1 -d v _ . ■'" where 65c and 75c. —
El La Cigale Baby Powder 15c. German Prime 1 Flannel 35c else-^
;-: ! 45c bo til. Florida Water 25c. ere not to be found. ' 6ISe * 3
c^- 2 ounces of Cologne or Violet Water Imitation German Flannels 15c 12
s^- 10c. ' : . 16 2 jc °0c ; ■ ' r^S
S ■ buttermilk Soap, box of 3 cakes. sc. American Flannelettes sc,BKc 10c
Sr: Black Moire \elour Silk, $150 Pacific- Verlain Flannelette? BvXT =5
5= quality, $1. formerly l*'UCc ' -«■»
£- 27-incL Black All-silk Satin $1. M: e >ias. formerly 12$**, now BUc
fc Satin front Jersey-ribbed Vests 35c. Dre>9 Lining cifeawr ■ .ban ever =S
21 osl 11 ; 1^ 1 size 3..' lmported DRUGS at less than cost. ' 12
Swiss-ribbed Vests 50c. • TOYrf in our Basement Salesroom. 3
• — : : — — . =s
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
'/: KAILHOA.O TRAVBU
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION THAIN. .
NOVEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29,
1 And Every Fifth Da Thereafter,
Leave irom S. P. Co 's : Ferry landing, toot of
Market -■ , at S:00 p. 11
CDTPIA' i Oi fi m.ludini: Berth.
IT Ulfl OI U _ Tourist Sleen-r. '
RATES* $19 First-class, 58 *'
RATES ' Sl3
- For further information apply at 013 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), B. F.
pKUAKD (.KAY, T. H. HOODM
Gen, fraffic Mgr. .Gen. Pass. Agt.
SASS FRASCISCO & KORTH PA- !
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market it.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 A. it.-. 13T* i
8:30,5:10, 0:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:5tl '
and 11:30 p. v.
BDNDAYB— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:31 |
6:00. 6 as 9 P. M.
fcan ::i r .«- to =-»n Fr»nci«co.
j WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:t>o. 11:10 a m.. i
12 -.45, 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturdays— tripi !
at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 p. jf. X ,
BUNDAYS— *::<.', 9:4U, 11:10 a. it: 1:40, 3:4» ;
5:00, 6.25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris satns
• . schedule as above.
■■ ' l^oive In effect Arrive "~";
Ban Francisco. £"I*l% * n
Wkk I Su:*- u-.Afni'tlon. Spx - I Wkkk" I
Days. [ days. "Wn»tlon. DAY 9. ; [ Days. |
7:30 am 8:00 ami Kovato, 10:40 am I 8:40 a* I
3:30 pm 9:30 am! Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am I
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 0:22 pm I
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:26 am j
Healdsburg,
- 1 ytton, -
'.*.-.* Geyserville,
8:30 Til 8:00 AM Cloverdale. 7:"5 PM 6:22 pm
~ ■ " Pieta, ■ " ~ "
Hopland &
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:28 pm '
7:30 am I -■. .- ', '■ 10:26 am >
■ 8:00 am OuernsTUle. 7:36 pm - ••.'-..
8:80 pm I , r 6:22 pm >
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:lopm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 I
7 :30 a m < 8:0') AMI s,, bMtonol 110:40 am 10:2 am :
B:3OPM)S:UOPM . beDMtopol -J 6:10 PM i 6:22 pm
Mnci's connect at Santa - Rosa for Marie Wen |
Springs; ■■ at Geyserville for Skagn . Springs: at;
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, KPlseyville. Soda Hay and i.akoporc; at '
liopUnd-for Lakeport and Man e:t Springs; at
t" kian for : Vichy springs. Saratoga Springs, Blno
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, I'oruo, Potter
Valley, Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
BSU'a, San tied nn Heights. Hullville. Boonevllle
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. :Mendocino City, !
Fort BraKiC. Westpor;, TJsa!, Wiile'.s, Calico, Co- ;
veio, Laytonville. Harris, Scot aDd Kureka.- . .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ••■;-■ ;-\v.-; ■.;■.-■ : ■ ■■;■■■
' On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
, yond ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office's. 650 Market st., Chronicle bnlMln*.
H. C. WHITING. B.X.RYAN. i
Gea. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
Atlantic I
Trains leave Ana arrlva i M^Bjfl|BWWrTr^Mt:
Market-Street b erry. UHp^aKlbl
SANTA EXPRESS WMBM
To Chicago via A. A: C^^ggjK^UTel
Leaves da ly at 4:30 p. m., car:- ■ :. / '£?: „ ■
Drawing-room and Modern ; Up io.s.cr. d 1 ourlai I
Bleeplng-cars. whlcb run dally throuih to Chicago I
via kvaagaa City. Ann. x car* lor Denver and St.
I mil i iiiiTi'ifi^^ißiiaj^iiJii,) nijiiii|ijMiiwjii nij)iin>aW«ijiH
--- Bos: on Kacarslons, va Kansas : City, Chlcajto, ,
Montreal and the White .Mountains leave ever?
Wednesday. '■■■■■-, '. ■■■ . . , • * '
■: The ; best : railway.' from ■ California to the* East, '
Kew rails, new ties: no dust; interesting scenery,'
and good meals In Harvey* dining- rooms. . -■.■'.;■":.
' San Francisco Ticket Office. 644 Market
St.", Chronicle Kuild|:ijj. 1 <>;,- li.me ilaia 1
I 1081*' Oakland. lllSKroadwiur.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
ROtTIIKRN PACIFIC COMPAJTT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)-
Train* leave »n«l arc «l«i«- to arrUe at
SAN I'HAiViNiO.
UAYE— From November 7, 1.00 p. m., 1896.— arrive
•6:O«a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
s:«>Oa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdcn and Kurt.. 8:15
7:00 a Benicia VacaTille, Hums y. Sacra-
mento. Oroville and Keddiiig via
Davis... ;.... ..... 6:1.-,£.
7:30 a Martinez, Sanß-iniou.VL-llejo, Xapa,
Calu toga and i Janta Rosa : 6:15p
S:3Oa. Situ Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and Red
]J1u(t...... 4:1.1p
•8:3Oa Peters and Milton "7:151?
9:OOa New Orleans Kxprecs, Raymond (for
Yosemito), Vresno, liatersliold,
•Santa Barbara, l.os Auyole.s, Dem- - ! ; '."
• Ing, El Paso, New Oilcans and
- E;ist 4:4»p
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4 0p
9:00 a Vr.11ej0..... 6:15p
Niles, Kan Jose, Lirertnore and >
Stockton.. 7:15p
•l:OOp Sccratacnto River Btca rs «O:OOp
::JOr- Pert < ,'osta and Way Stations f?:4sp
! 4:OI»i- Martinez, Kan Uaition. Vnllejo.
Napa, Cnlisluga, J',l Verano and
Simla Uosii... 0:15 a
4:OOpßenicia, Va«7ille, Woodland,
Knights Land:;:::, MarysviHe, Oro-
Tills and Sacramento ....;.■ :..■ 11:15 a
4:30 - Niles, San Jose aud Livermore »:4.>a.
4:3Ojf Loa Angeles Express. Stockton.
Fresno, . Santa Barbara and Los
Anyel'S 10:43*
4:30p Santa Fo Konte. Atlantic Express
■ for Mojavo mid East..:.: 10:45 a
6:OOi> Rnropeau Mall, <>-<i -n and Host.... !»: ir> A
C:(M>i- llaywunlß, Nil. mind Kan Jose 7:45 a
}7:00 - Vallojo f7:l3p
7:oUi> Oregon Jixpri^s, Sacramento, Jlarjs-
ville, . Ilcdiliiif;, PortVuiil, l'uget
Sound and Mast .."..'.. ..' 11:13 a
•IlO:O5p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, ' New Orleans ■
and East ■.■■...■.........'......... 512:45p
SAMTA CKIIZ DIVISION uNm-rowr (iaii^e;. ,
■ :I-V\ Nevrark,(Jeiitfrvillo,.Siiii.>ose,Felton,
' Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations '•". StßOp
•2:15p Newark. Centcrville, San Jose, New .
Alniaden, I'elton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
5tati0n5.......... 1:20*
■ 4:l!Ji- Newark, Ban Jose and Los (Jatos O:3Oa
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Joea and ■ ■ '
Way Stations }7:20p
COAST VISION (Third A Townxniil , SLs.)
0: 45 A San Jobo and Way .Stations (New : ■ • '
Almcdcu Wednesdays only) 1:30?
. •«15aSiui Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Criu!,
; • , .'Pacific Grove. Paso Rubles, Sau .
• • ■ '-'■. Luis Obispo. Ouadalupc, Surf and
.'-;'■,'; » Principal W:ty .Stations 7:Osp-
j IO:4Oa San .lose and Way Stations.:. ...... 5:03p
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
San Mateo, Motto Park, San Jose,
• Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, -■' i
r Salinas, Monterey ami "acilic(irove MO:4Oa
•3::»OP San Joso and Way Stations U:3oa
•4 :30 - San Jose ami Way Stations.:.: .' *8:10\
3:::Oi- San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:3Oa,
tf «::»Oi- San Jose and Way 5tati0n5........; v a-.:tr,\
■Hl:4sp San .losonnd Wav 51ati0un.. ....... t7:4Bp
HAH LbAMOKU AM) UVYUAUIK I.DIAL. /
««G:OOaV , .:.-.-■•* •■- - : -., -- 7:13 a
i 8:0Oa (9:4Sa
iS : ooa MelroM, Seminary Park, \inst
"l!o«P Fitchbarg, San Leandro »*:|^
3:00p I . nd 4:45p'
4:OOp V " i 5:40p
5:00p Hazard* •££
5:30p Mayyraras.
7:i»op ...;:-...-.:. ■■,'■ • ■ ; S:4sp
! 9:00p i Runs through to Niles. V;.; - io-sOp
tfll:lsi-J ' « From Niles. . . _ . j ttl3:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SAN mKCISCO— Foot of- Market Street (Slip 8) — ' -
•7:16 • 9:00 11:00 a.M. $1:00; , *2:00 ■ 13:09
.'•4:03-;.. 15:00 *6:00 p.m. ;,_;'.,■ •■ ; ;
From OAKUND— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 ' : . 8:00
-■■ 10:00a.m.- «3:C0 •-♦1:00 t2:00 *3:00 *i:00
■•■ •fcOQp.M. ■■.-.■•■..■- •■'■-• :■■■■■• ..-." fj C ■
A for Morning. • ' P for Afternoon. :
• Sundays excepted. ■• t Saturdays only.
. -. ■"■■■ v ; ':■:;"'■ '--t Sundays only, v ; ■;>.-
--■ ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
liTue^daTß and S? tnrdars. §" ur.days and Thursday*.
| * •£s}>x>£sZ / . INJECTION. . ' '■ '■-' < I
I CURE I
?of most otsrlrate cases of Gonorrhoea and 5 .
? GleeS, ■ g^.'.r^staaU la frara ■3 to 6 days ; no >
C other treatn'.f'B& icanl-ed, and without ttie nan-S -
C seating rrsnlts of uosing Cntebs. Copaiba i
C or Earfiai-Wood. ,T.Fcrr* & Co., <swce»»©TB to > ?
S Bro«\. Fharni&clen, Paris. « At all rlrujreistg. > I
56
'3Bk& tffkli
SATURDAY ..NOVEMBER 7, 1896
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postezo Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Pally and Sunday Caix, one year, by mall 8.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Calv., three months by mail 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .68
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
V> kjlXLy Call, one year, by ma 11..... .« 1.50
61 NESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Mala-18«
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone :..'...:.. :.::.• M*ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES .
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
• :30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9 :50 o'clock.
713 I.arki:i street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
few. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
■Dtll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Isinih street; open nntll 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms si and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
YIP M. FOL.TZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
To-night we jubilate.
California has a right to crow.
It is the day for industry to rejoice.
It was the greatest victory on record.
Shout for triumphant Republicanism.
Capital is coming out of hiding and
labor has its opportunity.
The fusion managers are all agreed it
was the other fellow's fault.
The town to-night will be as radiantly
rosy as the bright dawn of prosperity.
Every citizen will share in the good
times, and ali should share in the jubilee.
Senator Teller will not talk of fusion in
the future — the Colorado bolter has bad
enough.
Congratulations to Alameda; the proud
banner of California Republicanism is
hers again.
From this time on every week will see
higher levels reached by the rising tide of
prosperity.
Bryan ism may be relieved by the gold
cure, but for Altgeldism there is no re
course but the madhouse.
It won't be long now before we will be
talking about carnivals and lrohcs of that
kind to lighten up the winter.
Now that money is in no danger it
comes out, circulates among the people
and takes an interest in enterprises.
The election of McKinley has restored
confidence, and we shall soon nave abun
dant evidencen of restored prosperity.
If Dan Laniont would exert his noted
tact and get Cleveland to cut his message
short the people would take it kindly.
Give vent to your joy to-nigiit. The
victory has been gloriously won, and
loyal Republicans have a right to cele
brate it.
It is agreed on all sides that the present
system of voting needs a good deal of
alteration. It is too clumsy for the Ameri
can people.
Winter has already become a frozen fact
In some parts of tne East in spite of the
almanac, and the people are getting out
their skates.
The President is ours, the Senate is
ours, the House is ours, the State is ours,
and tbe country is with vs — so wbat more
can we wish?
Business waited on politics, and now
politics has done the proper tiling by
making the way clear for business for four
years to come.
Bourke Cockran says "the Democratic
party has no future which it can deter
mine for itself," and that seems to be
about the size of it.
There should be an extra session of
Congress as soon as McKinley takes his
Eeat. We cannot get rid of the deficit
tariff any too quickly.
The whirr of running mills and the
bum of active industry make the music
that carries eladness into every heart and
hrigiitens every home.
Winter is coming, but it will not be a
winter of discontent in any part of tbe
Union. There will be work for tne
workers and wages in good gold.
The jubilee to-night will be something
more than the celebration of a party vic
tory. It will be a popular festival in
honor of the restoration of better times.
It is safe to say that McKinley'g ad
ministration will so far restore National
prosperity as to give aatisiaction to tbe
people, and that the Republican party has
virtually entered upon power for the rest
of this generation.
The cau?e of silver is safe In the hands
of the Republican party, and the Mcr
Kiniey administration can be counted
on to carry out the party pledge to pro
mote the free coinage of silver by inter
national agreement.
The value of raw silk imported into this
country last year was $22.. 000, 000, while the
value of silk goods imported was $31,000,
-, 000. In these figures there is evidence of
a chance for California to buildup a big
industry in the silk business.
Bear in mind McKinley's words, "The
■victory is not to a party or to a section,
but of and for the whole American
peeople." In the spirit of that sentiment
let us all turn out this evening and make
the celebration an occasion of general re
joicing.
A New York reporter thought it worth
while to ask Mr. Hanna whether the
tariff had anything to do with the resnlt
ol the election, and it is scarcely necessary
to say Mr. Hanna smiled blandly and
told him the tariff had very much to do
with it.
Every business interest which depends
on confidence in the Government has been
benefited by the election of McKinley,
and as a consequence the welfare of the
country was promoted by the Republican
success on Tuesday to an extent which it
would be hard to overrate and almost
impossible to estimate.
CELEBRATE THE VICTORY.
The State Central Committee, through
its chairman, Frank McLaughlin, has sent
to all the county committees a telegram
recommending that a celebration and rati
fication of the glorious victory achieved
by the Republican part;.' be held through
out the State this evening. It is scarcely
necessary to say the recommendation will
be adopted. To-night victorious Republi
canism will paint the State red. It will be
a veritable jubilee to mark the end of the
long depression and the dawning of a
new era of prosperity.
The celebration in the State will have its
highest and fullest accomplishment in
this City. This would be in the natural
order of things, as San Francisco is the
metropolis of the State. There are other
reasons, however, than those of population
and wealth which will emphasize the pre
eminence of our celebration to-night. In
this City loyal Republicans and conserva
tive Democrats have snatched victory from
the very jaws of defeat. The triumph
Here has been one of the most remarkable
in the Union, and those who took part in
the fight have more than ordinary reason
for rejoicing in the victory.
When we remember how much the elec
tion of McKinley means to the people of
San Francisco we can well understand
why her men of business and of industry
should rejoice in the success of their party.
We shall now have protection for our in
dustries, reciprocity treaties which will
build up our foreign trade and wisa legis
lation to promote our merchant marine.
San Franciaco, guarded at home and ad
vanced abroad, will rapidly increase in
population, wealta and prestige. Her
growth during the coming decade is sure
to be great, and we w:ll celebrate to-night
not so much a partisan victory as the
dawning of a new epoch in our civic nis
tory.
While the men who worked and voted
for the Republican ticket have the best
right to rejoice in the victory, in a certain
sense all citizens have some reason for do
ing so. Even those who voted for Bryan
can see now in the renewed confidence of
capital and labor and in the increased ac
tivity of business that they have profited
by their defeat, and not less than their
Republican antagonists will reap benefits
from the revival of industry.
Let everybody come forth, therefore, and
take part in the rejoicing. Let the flaji of
the Nation fly, drums beat and rockets
soar. Let the long procession of victori
ous Republicans march through the streets
in triumph, amid the acclamations of
thousands. Let every man give vent to
his joy, his enthusiasm and his patriot
ism. Let the workingmen of San Fran
cr»co who voted as they marched last
Saturday march now as they voted last
Tuesday. Let it be made a great pop
ular demonstration — an ovation from all
who Jove America to those who fought
the good fight for her industries and kept
the faith of her law and her destinies.
A MODERN PHARISEE.
The Chronicle indulged yesterday morn
ing in a lengthy, labored and disingenuous
attempt to explain away its disloyalty to
the Republican party, and relieve itself
ot deserved odium for the defeat of cer
tain of its local candidates and the dimin
ution of its majority upon the general
ticket throughout the State.
The very elaboration of the Chronicle's
defense argues its necessity and justifies
the general opinion of Republicans that
but for its treason no candidate would
have been defeated, no majority dimin
ished and no defense required.
The public is entirely famiiiar with the
facts wnich place the Chronicle upon the
defensive in the matter of its loyalty to the
Republican party and to its regu
lar nominees. The threshing of old
straw by which it attempted to divert
tee eye of honest scorn was as needless
as it will be unavailing. When the Re
publican State Central Committee de
clared that the municipal ticket which ex
isted by virtue of the Chronicle's support
was irregular and had no right or title to
parly recognition ; when the Registrar re
fused to place such irregular ticket upon
file or give it position upou his official
ballot; when the Supreme Court of Cali
fornia approved and upheld the de
cision of tae Registrar; when by virtue
of these decisions by the supreme
appellate tribunals of the party and of the
State all past issues as to tho regularity of
the party organisations were set at rest,
then, if not before then, the defection and
disloyalty of the Chronicle became a
political crime.
Uurine the last thirty days of the cam
paign it devoted the main energies of its
editorial and local staff to sustaining
and encouraging the candidacy of a
straggling company of irregulars who
from the outset knew perfectly that they
had not the slightest chance of success.
Even to these the Chronicle, with habitual
unfaith, could not be true, for it basely
and inconsistently deserted Asa R. Wells
to support "William A. Deane, and thereby
contributed sufficiently to the latter's de
feat The effect of such an element of
disloyalty and disorder in a campaign has
by the result been made only too plain,
and to this portion of the public indict
ment the Chronicle has been too com
pletely made conscious of its own guilti
ness to attempt a defense.
M'KINLEY'S COUNSEL.
The telegram of President-elect McKin
ley to Mr. Hanna, published in The Call
yesterday, carries with it an assurance of
prosperity to all the people of the Union.
Ii makes clear the fact that our coming
President has a true understanding of the
forces which bore him to the great victory
he has won and that he well comprehends
wnat the people expect of him and hope
for from his administration.
Mr. McKinley very truly says: "The
victory is not to a party or to a section,
but of and for the whole American
people." It has been a triumph of the
conservatism of the country, an unmis
takable evidence that business men and
workingmen are opposed to any lurther
experiments in legislation and desire a re
turn to those safe principles of protection
and sound money under which we have
found prosperity in tne past and a return
to which is tne safest way of establishing
onr welfare in the future.
It is pleasing to note that the victory
has been won not as that of one class of
people over another, nor as that of one
section of the country over another. It
has been a victory for the whole people
and the whole Union. It has been a dem
onstration that every class of our citizens
and every portion of our great Republic is
sufficiently able to maintain justice and
business even amid the excitements of a
Presidential election, after the harassing
and disturbing condition of three years of
hard times. As Mr. McKinley says, the
people "have indeed again consecrated
themselves to country and baptized the
cherished ordinances of free government
with a new and holy patriotism."
Most important to us at this juncture is
the counsel given in the closing paragraph
of the letter of the President-elect: "Let
us as Americans straightway devote our
selves to the upbuilding of America; to
the peace, honor and glory of our com
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JNO V KMISJUK 7, isjju.
mon country. Party dissensions should
no longer divide or rack the public mind,
nor the zeal or temper of either side deter
any citizen from patriotic devotion to the
good of all."
Tnese words of guidance should be cor
dially followed. We celebrate to-night the
grand triumph of the patriotism of the
people as illustrated by the Republican
party and the sound money Democrats
who supported McKinley, and in that
celebration if will be well for all citizens
to take part. We have done with the
tights and antagonisms of the past. The
prosperity of the future awaits us all. Let
us unite and work for it together with a
clear understanding that the interests of
all classes and of all sections of the Union
are one and the same.
INFAMOUS JOURNALISM.
Against the ordinary exploits of the new
journalism the individual citizen has protec
tion to this extent, at least, that he can keep
its hideous emanations out of his own house,
and can likewise avoid them, in his daily
movements around town, even as he avoids
other forms of filth. But aerainst one method
of attack known to these unrelenting enemies
of pood government and public morals the
citizen is powerless; his home, his family, hi»
property, are alike defenseless.
With the above paragraph the New
York Sun began an editorial, bearing the
title "An Infamous Cartoon," denouncing
the course of the New York Journal in
conducting the late campaign. That the
language is none too severe is well known
to the people of this City, since the Exam
iner copied many of the Journal cartoons
and added to them some equally in
famous of its own concoction.
The Stm rightly says of these cartoons
that they are "brutal, coarse and off nsive
in the extreme." They violate every sen
timent of honor and every instinct of
decency. They present to the eye all the
vulgarity which the letter press of the
Journal ana Examiner seeks to convey to
the mind.
It seems to have been the opinion of the
£tm that this coarseness of Mr. Hearst's
organ was the result of the Bryanite cam
paign. It says, in reference to these enr
toons: "Tnerein we see clearly the ten
dencies of the new journalism when en
listed in the cause of anarchy."
The people of San Francisco have had a
longer experience with the Examiner under
Mr. Hearst's control than the New York
people have haa with his management of
the Journal. It is well known in this City
that neither the Examiner nor the Journal
bad any occasion to borrow coarseness i
from Bryan, Altgeld or Tillman. They |
brought to the campaign more evil than j
they derived from it. For a long time
past the Examiner has been the most mon
strous illustration of decadent journalism
in America and its fakes and frauds and
sensutional indecencies have been a by
word and reproach for years.
The Sun is inclined to the belief that
decent citizens cannot guard themselves
agaii\st this latest form of sensational
depravity. This, however, is an error.
Public opinion is sufficiently powerful to
protect good citizens when it is once
roused to condemn those who assail the
honor of the individual and the dignity of
private life.
By expelling from their homes the
newspapers which contain these offenses
against manners and morals and these
insults to virtue and decency the
belter element of the commnnity
can so weaken the prestige of the sensa
tiou-mongers that there will be no profit
for the decadent journalist to engage in
them. With public indignation iairly
aroused against this latest form of in
decency there will be no need of law
courts to punish the wrongdoers. The
faker is greedy for money, and when he
sees that nothing is to De gained by
coarseness and vulgarity he may be relied
upon to cloak the foulness of his mind in
order to secure the fatness of his purse.
The Sun itself says that the individual
citizen can so far guard against this
villainy of journalism that he "can Keep
its hideous emanations out of his house,
and can likewise avoid them in his daily
movements around town, even as he
avoids other forms of filth." This advice
given to the people of New York against
the Journal may be repeated here against
the Examiner. Let good people avoid the
foul thing and it will Boon perish of its
own rottenness.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
The election being over and peace and
prosperity assured the people may now
prepare to enjoy the good things in store
for them, and especially to-morrow will
they be pleased to turn their thoughts into
channels more agreeable than those of po
litical strife and resale their minds with
something more entertaining than the dry
logic --and dull figures of campaign pam
phlets. Thb Stjkday Call will meet all
requirements of that kind.
It will be found filled with good,
wholesome literature, with the best kind
of a California flavor. The tens of thou
sands of people who are heartily interested
in the development of the great university
at Berkeley will be gratified to read of
some remarkable points wherein it sur
passes all other educational institutions
of the world.
Dr. F. M. Close discourses in his learned
way on a subject of universal importance
with relation to a new scientific discovery,
"How Human Life May be Prolonged for
an Indefinite Period."
Van Dyke- Brown contributes a charm
ing letter entitled, "The Story of the Be
loved Poet of Merton Abbey," throwing
new light on the career of the late William
Morris.
A weird ghost story of San Franoisco
Bay gives diversion to the features of the
paper and furnishes much food for psychic
speculation.
Tom Gregory tells a delightful tale of
the sea, in his best style, in his amusing
account of a startling innovation on ship
board.
There are several local contributions
full of merit.
Bohemians of the City have a rare sur
prise in store for them, and they and all
their friends will therefore be eager to
peruse to-morrow's issue of The Call.
The fashion pace is up to date and the
ladies will find thereon all the very latest
decrees of fashion, while tue society gossip
will b<j as entertaining as ever.
The new 9 department of The Call can
not be too highly commended. In the
matter of local campaign intelligence its
accuracy and fairness have been unques
tioned, and for reliability and complete
ness its reputation is firmly established.
The telegraphic seryice is all that conld
bedesired; its reviews of current litera
ture are strong and admirable, and in
every way The Sunday Call suetains its
well-earned reputation as the very best
California newspaper.
PERSONAL
T. E. Walker of China is at the Occidental.
Trennor Coffin of Carson, Nev., is at the
Grand.
John M. Stewart, a business man of Carson,
is in town.
Dr. E. T. Reed of Atlantic City, N. J., Is at
the Grand.
Joseph Murray, a wealthy pioneer of Fort
Collins, C0'.0.. arrived here yesterday. He is
at the Occidental.
The Rev. R. H. White of Greenwood 1« at the
Occidental.
G. P. Putnam and wife of Sacramento are nt
the Cosmopolitan.
G. B. Ralph and G. C. Turpen of Sonora are
at the Cosmopolitan.
D. E. Knight of Slarysville was among yes
terday's arrivals here.
Levi Rackchffe of Sacramento, Treasurer of
the State, Iv in the City.
G. Palmer, an extensive fruit-grower of Los
Angeles, is visiting the City.
E. McNeil and W. H. Kennedy, railroad men
of Portland, Or., are at tl:e Palace.
Charles Green, a lancber of Marshall, Tex.,
is staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. M. Williams, the owner of stores and min
ing property at Newman, is at the Lick.
Dr. David Starr Jord«n, president of Stan
ford University, wan in the City yesterday.
8. Z. Mitchell of Portland, president of the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Company, is
on a visit here.
Dr. W. P. Cary of Chicn.ro, accompanied by
Mrs. Cary, is in the City. They are making a
tour of California.
W. B. Jeffrey, a mining engineer of London ,
England, who has been examining gold prop
erties in California, is among the arrivals
here.
Mrs. Abigail gcott Duniway of Portland, Or.,
a leader iv the equal suffrage movement
through the Pacific North and California the
past twenty-five years, is a guest of Mrs Nellie
Hoibrook Blinn. Mrs. Bllnn has accepted an
invitation from Mrs. Duniway to attend the
State Suffrage Convention at Portland Novem
ber 24 and 25.
Joseph Grandelmyer, the mining man of
Hamilton, White Pine County, Nevada, has
written to a friend in San Francisco, saying
he met J. C. Dunhum, near Hamilton on Octo
ber 11, that he was riding a mustang and
looked very careworn and low spirited. Mr.
Grandelmyer, whilo talking with him, Dassed
him a flask twice. The stranger was uneasy.
He told stories of *here he had been that
were afterward found to be untrue. He finally
started out in one direction, only to change
nis course and stop for a night with Charles
Richter, keeper of the Six-Miie House, near
Hamilton.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.— At the Plaza—
J. Everett; Metropolitan —E. J. Baldwin;
Marlborough— S. J. Friedlander: Grand— N.
D. Dodge; Imperial— T. Sloan; Holland— M.
11. Uecht. Dick Brommer arrived from
Bremen on the North German liner Trave.
ADVERTISING.
The Call publishes to-day the first of a
series of letters on advertising, which
have been specially written for this paper
by Clement Wilder, the well-known adver
tising specialist. We call particular at
tention to them as matters of importance
now that trade is reviving.
The Honorable Arthur Balfour, in a speech
before the English Newspaper Society in
London last year, said: "The general news
and comments and all the other machinery of
communicating information to the public
really are not of more importance to the com
munity at large than the power of communi
cation by advertising."
I wonder if the average business man ever
stops to think how much money is yearly in
vested in advertising. I say invested ad
visedly, tor advertising is an investment, good
or bad, according to tne attention paid to it
and the quality of the wares advertised.
It has been estimated by one of America's
best informed business experts, a man who is in
a better position to know than any other, that
there was put into advertising in the United
States alone, during the year 1895, $250,000,
-000. Of this amount $110,000,000, he says,
was paid to the newspapers. And yet in spite
of this enormous expenditure, which is in
creasing every year, the majority of business
men still look upon advertising as a bfUtn«M
side issue, a sort of "charity contribution to
help support the local newspaper," and they
flee from the advertising solicitor as if he were
possessed of the plague.
Ask the ordinary business man to advertise
and six times out of eight he will reply: "Oh,
what's the use? No one will ever see my ad,
and if they do they won't read it." But pub
lish in the same medium, in the same space
and in the tame type, some indiscretion of
bis, and he will immediately become frantic
over the thought that the whole world will
know o! it.
It i« not too much to say that nine-tenths of
all advertising does not pay, and when I say
this I am speaking of all kinds of advertising,
not that done in newspapers only. Six-tenth.',
because proper attention is not given 10 the
preparation of the advertisements and the
selection of mediums; three-tenths, because
| the advertisements are not backed up by right
goods and proper handling of customers.
That ndvertising does pay and pay big when
given constant, business, brainy attention is
proven by the colossal fortunes made, and
being made, in trade with advertising recog
nized as an important and essential factor.
J. C- Ayer began life as a drug clerk, and at
first advertised his Cherry Pectoral in a small
but judicious way, gradually increasing his
expenditure year by year. When he died his
fortune was estimated at $10,000,000.
Twenty years ago A. B. Scott of Scott <fe
Bowne was working at a moderate salary; to
day his firm is spending $500,000 per year in
advertising Scott's Emulsion.
Royal Baking Powder ia probably the best
knowa article manufactured in America.
J. C. Ho&eland, the originator of the ar
ticle and founder of the business, was, in the
early sixties, the proprietor of a small drug
store in Fort Wayne, Ind. Last year $700,000
was expended and 14,500 publications used iv
giving publicity to Royal Baking Powder.
Is there a business man in America who has
not beard of John Wanamaker, the merchant
prince of Philadelphia, and now of New
York also, through his purchase of the
famous house founded by A. T. Stewart ? Mr.
Wanamaker himself has said that he at
tributes his success in a very great measure
to bis continuous advertising, and that he
would as soon think of doing without clerks
as without advertising. It is worthy of note
by retailers that the advertising of the great
Wanamaker store is and always has been car
ried on almost exclusively in the daily news
papers, and that the reading matter of its ad
vertisement* in its entirety is changed each
insertion.
Those experiences ana successes are not
exceptions. The list is long and growing.
As it writer recently observed, it is becom
ing harder every day to avoid advertising. No
matter how long you have been established,
nor how old and reliable your name, if your
competitor advertises you will find yourself
compelled to meet him on his own ground and
advertise also, or he will eventually pull away
your trade. Clement Wilder.
PARAGRAPHS AbOUT PEOPLE.
M. Coquelln, whose fortune la estimated at
$1,000,000, has the reputation of being the
richest actor in the world.
ML Emlle Zola, who is an expert bicyclist, is,
according to a Parisian journal, so fond of the
wheel that he has made up his mind to write
a novel about it.
A delegation of Confederate veterans acted
as pallbearers the other day In Baltimore
at the funeral of Frederick McGlnnls, col
ored, who was the body servant of Jefferson
Davis.
Princess Pauline de Metternich, who need
to set the fashions in Paris under the second
empiie, has received the grand medal and di
ploma of honor foi fat cattle at the Budapest
exhibition.
Mrs. Phoebe J. Clymer of Ban Francisco, who
had been totally blind for thirty-six years, last
week recovered her sight. Her family believes
that this was a divine dispensation granted to
them in response to constant prayers.
The Emperor and Empress of Russia are at
tended on all their journeys by four Circassian
domestics, gorgeously dressed in long red
coats, embroidered la gold, and high black
hats. These four are the imperial traveling
servants.
General g. P. Leger, the Minister to this
country lrom Hayti, wno recently arrived in
Washingion, is described as a handsome man
of nndJle stature, dark In complexion, with a
black mustache and imperial. He does not
speak English.
Lenbach, the famous German portrait
painter, is now «t work on the Prince of
Wales. Among his b<>st pictures are those of
Bismarck, Pope Leo XI I I and Gladstone. The
artist no longer does potboilers, but under
takes such subjects as please him.
Jean de Monstiers, Marquis de Merinville,
who married Miss Mary Owendolin Caldwell,
the Washington heiress, is the head of a dis
tinguished French family, and his great estate
in Limousis has not changed hands, except
from father to son, since the thirteenth cen
tury.
The exquisite jewel belt worn by the young
Duchess of Marlborough has suggested to
Princess Charles of Denmark the idea ot hav
ing one made for herself out of flexible gold,
studded with the 100 -magnificent diamonds
and rubies recently presented to her by her
grandmother, Queen Victoria.
THE WIND AND THE LEAVES
There la warfare in the garden, and the mauy are
outmatched
In the struggle of the millions and the one-
For the b Her wind is blowing, and the yellow
leaves are going,
And tne armies of the summer turn and run.
Here tney come, a flying legion, round the corner
down the path,
While they seek in vain a shelter from the foe-
By his furious onslaught scattered, clad in russet'
torn and batten*!.
Lost and ruined in tlie summer's overthrow.
Time was when they were allies In the April after
noon,
When the winter and the snows were at an end
tor he touched the earth so lightly that they issued
green itml snrightly,
And they hailej Win for their champion and
their irlend.
Then they lovfd him in the summer, and he kissed
them as he passed,
When the uniforms they wore were fresh and
green,
And ihey trusted in him blindly, for they thoueht
his voice was kindly "
As he whispered thiough the coppice or the dene.
But they found his rough advances on the gray
September morn
Very differeut from his genial breath In June:
*or when the year grew older nia friendship It
grew < older,
And he threatened and he piped a warlUe tune.
So they fought him, and he beat them; and the
garden path* to-day
Tell a sorry tale of ruin and defeat,
For the ciuel wind is roaring, and before him,
whirling, soaring
Go the lluie weary soldiers in retreat.
, —Tall Mall Gazette.
newspaper Pleasantry.
From a boy's letter to his mother— l am glad
I have a new sister, but wish she had been a
boy. Seems to me if the Lord couldn't have
sent a boy he might at least have sent a pony.
—Household Worda.
Bigson— l once possessed a splendid dog who
could always distinguish between a vagabond
and a respectable person.
JigßOn— Weil, what's become of him?
Bigson— Oh, I was abliged to give him away.
He bit me.— London Tit-bits.
"Was that your mother w^lh you yester
day?" X
"My mother? Dear, dear; that was my
younger sister! We would go much like to
have you come to dinner Sunday, Mr. Beas
ley."—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
She— l didn't think you would break your
promise.
He— Nonsense. How could I break what was
not In my possession ? Don' t you remember 1
gave you that premise the very last time we
met ?— Boston Transcript.
Merchant— Wbat position do you desire in
our establishment, sir?
Coileee Graduate— Oh, something like con
fidential adviser or general manager.
Mercnant— Goodl You may have both jobs.
I will make you an office boy.— Judge.
Judge— What's the prisoner charged with?
Inebriate— Good liquor, yer Auner.
"Silence 1 What's the complaint?"
"None at all, sor; Oi'm satisfied."
Then the Judge, realizing that the man was
loaded, discharged him.— Philadelphia Record.
Wife (drearily)— Ah, me 1 The days of chiv
alry are past.
Husband— What's the matter now?
Wife— Sir Walter Raleigh laid his cloak on
the ground for Queen Elizabeth to walk over,
but you get mad simply because poor, dear
mother sat down on your hat.— Boston Globe.
A Timely Variation— '-I'd like to have one or
two of those biscuits you had for breakfast,"
said the man who tries to be merry now and
then. "I'm going fishing."
"I suppose you think it's clever to Insinuate
that you want them for siukers?"
"No," he answered gently, "I don't want
them for sinkers. Those biscuits were bo good
that they couldn't fail to tempt any member
of the animal kingdom that came anywhere
near them. I want them for bait.'"—Washing
ton Star.
A CHARMING jACKET FOR GIRLS.
All the newest features of this season's coats
are shown in this model. The sailor collar,
the moderate sleeve and short godet back. A
picturesque garment of this style was of scar
let cloth, with trimmings of black fox fur,
black soutache braid and flat gilt buttons.
Tobacco-brown cloth with trimming of
beaver and narrow gilt bra id had also gilt bu t
tons. A blue beaver with trimming of braid
omy as shown in the smaller illustration
makes a serviceable school jacket.
Black cloth with collar el royal bine velvet,
bordered with Persian lamb fur, makes a rich
and serviceable garment.
Double-face cloth of black, the inner side of
bright plaid. Is stylishly made with plaid side
out lor the collar and sleeve bands.
A brown cloth wi;h mignonette green velvet
3dged with sable, with Tom o Shanter of the
velvet with a band of sable and two tails in
place of the quills shown here makes a smart
combination lor a girl's best coat.
The dull mixtures in tweed and cheviot may
be brightened by having a collar of bright red
cloth, or of a plain cloth to harmonize with
main fabric.
DR. ADAMS TO ARRIVE.
The New Pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church la Expected To-Day.
A number of ladies were : busy yesterday
arranging the f ; interior of 1723 Pine street
in anticipation Vof the arrival ; to-day . of
Rev. George C. Adams, the new paster of
the First Congregational Church.
-. Mr.? Adams ' comes v: from St. ;. Lbnis,
which he left amid the regret of a large
congregation," vas : expressed .r. r in the
eulogistic findings of the church council;
He will ; receive :a : salary of $4000 ja ' year
here, to start with; being $500 more than
the Ist. Lous pastorate afforded. He 1 was
largely influenced in his acceptance, which
has delighted the local church, by the at
tractiveness of the field of work offered. ■
'i. Dr. Adams -is expected to • preach • to
morrow morning. ; ; .-■■; ''} y]~
» ♦ ■»
It is computed that in marching soldiers
take 75 steps per minute, in quick march
ing 108, ana in charging 160 steps.
LOOKING EAGERLY
TO GUATEMALA
Californian Exhibits for
the Little Southern
State.
The Board of Trade and the
Chamber of Commerce
Attain Success.
OAKLAND ALSO INTERESTED.
The Buildings fcr Exhibits Brought
Over From Bordeaux at a
Cost of $250,000.
California is to have an exhibition of
her natural wealth at the Guatemalan
exposition. The matter was formally set
tled yesterday, when the San Francisco
Board of Trade met with tne Chamb6r of
Commerce to consider the question.
The meeting was called to order by
Charles Bundschu, who, in a brief address,
outlined the purpose of the meeting and
spoke of the advantages that would ac
crue to the State in general and this City
in particular by taking our ligkt from
under the bushel so far as the Central
American republics are concerned.
A list of local merchants who intended
to make exhibits was then read, and the
influence of their names was such that
others immediately stepped forward and
subscribed to the undertaking. The list
in fall up to the close of the meeting is as
follows :
W. W. Montague & Co. ; A. C. Nichols & Co. ;
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company; W. P.
Fuller & Co. ; Wash burn, Moen &'Co.; Truman
S. Clark Company; N. Clark & Son ; C. F. Kirby
Jr.; Braunscbweiger & Co.; E. R. Lilienthal;
California Cannery Company ; N. W. Spaulding
Saw Company; Gundlach, "Bundschu & Co;
Tubbs Cordage Company; Calliornia Wine
Association; California Ulue Works; Carlson-
Currier Company; Wetmore, Bowen & Co.;
California Art-glass Works: California Italian
Paste Company; Sperry Flour Company, Fred
ericksburg Brewery; S. H. Frank & Co. ;" Pacific
Coast Syrup Company.
About twenty more are expected to make
exhibits.
On motion of Mr. Lilienthal the chair
was empowered to appoint a committee to
take cnarge of the exhibits and select
a secretary. Mr. Bundschu, however,
wished a little time in which to do this.
Captain Murray stated that he had
been talking the project over with a gen
tleman from Guatemala during the lust
few days, and had learned that all the
buildings to be used at the exposition
were brought over from Bordeaux, France,
at a cost of $250,000. Ali exhibitors
had been notified that tney would be
allowed only tiil the 15th inst. in which
to secure space privileges, but the time
has now been extended for a brief period,
according to the informant. Captain
Murray further learned that the Govern
ment will forego the duty on a large num
ber of import* for a year.
The Pacific Mail Company, according to
Carl H. Clarke, will adopt tne same sched
ule of charges in freight to be used as ex
hibits as the Southern Pacific Railway,
that is, they will charge $10 a ton on stuff
going down, but will return it free of
charpe. The wharf and railroad com
pany at San Jose will also make reduc
tion?.
All those in the interior who want to
exhibit are requested to send in their ap
plications for space to the State Hoard of
Trade.
The Oakland Board of Trade has ap
pointed a committee to act in conjunc
tion with the San Francisco Board of
Trade and Chamber of Commerce in the
persons of the following: H. O. Tro
briuge, Colonel Craigie Sharpe, A. D.
Pryal, J. Terrill and C. McMullen.
The members pretent were very earnest
in their efforts to show the advantages
California might expect to secure in a
commercial way by having all enter into
the project with vim. The meeting ad
journed to the call of the chair.
FRUIT SHIPMENTS.
Over Thirty Million Founds Sent East
From San Jose in
October.
The month of October was a busy on* in
the Santa Clara Valley orchards and fruit
packing establishments, at least so say the
managers of the. Southern Pacific freight
department. General Freight Agent
Smurr announced yesterday that the total
overland shipments of fruit from San Jose
for the past month reached the extra
ordinary figure of 31,830,000 pounds. This
included prunes, dried peaches, canned
fruits, etc., and it is said to be the largest
shipment in the history of San Jose.
The general shipment of deciduous
fruits of California to the East for October
was not up to the usual standard, how
ever. The total number of loaded cars
sent out was 3963. In 1895 it was 4297- in
1894, 6357: in 1893, 5401. Under normal
conditions the figures would have been
otherwise. Owing to the disturbance and
uncertainty attending the campaign East
ern buyers let their stocks run low and
bought only for urgent demands. It is be
lieved that the present month, will more
than make up the deficiency.
DEPOSITORS DEMUR.
Claim They Are Not Technically Guilty
of labeling Judge He b bard.
Benjamin Lucey, O, L. Casavaw, F. H.
Qualman, E. F. Kendail and T. H. Mc-
Carthy, live of the seven People's Bank
depositors charged with libeling Judge
Hebbard, were arraigned before Jud«e
Daingerheld ■ yesterday and pleaded not
guilty. They, however, have permission
within two days, to withdraw their pleas'
Attorney Barclay; Henley, in behalf of
Thomas S. Williams and George B
Conant, the other two of the accu-ed de^
pnsitors, entered a demurrer to the indict
ment of the Grand : Jury on : the grounds
that the communication : alleged to be
libelous was a privileged one and con
tained nothing on the face of it 1 preiudi
cial to Judge Hebbard as a man With
regard to the statement connecting his
name wi h that of Alva Watt, who as
characterized as "notorious" it was
claimed that it was not alleged that Judge
Hebbard knew that Watt was "notorious ''
£"« » J °r? H Sbeehan who was branded
as a '-political parasite. ?> ; the ' same = arKu
mm * nt » 3 £ the case of " was advanced.
Jtrige i Dainterfield took the demurrers
under advisement. ucmurrers
For Young Men.
To-morrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock, there will
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report .
Absolutely pure
be a union mass-meeting in the Interest of
young men at the Association auditorium,
Mason and Eili< streets, to be addressed by
Rev. Dr. Marshall of Philadelphia. The Moody
Institute Quartet will sing and rbe service wi.i
be free to both ladies and trentlemen. To
morrow beinpr vouuk men's day throughout all
tne world nearly all of the pastors in the City
will make special reference to the occasion in
their morning or evening sermon.
AN INSANE TURFMAN
George Foster's Blind Unbalanced by
Financial Reverses in,
Gambling.
George Foster, a young man well known
to all the habitues of the race track, waß
yesterday committed to an insane asylum.
Foster for several years past has been
employed by John Humphreys, the local
bookmaker, and other blockmen who
have from time to time made books in the
interest of th«j Gunst confederacy. He
was a particularly skillful ticket writer
and as such his services were always in
demand. During tbe poolroom days,
when Pauper alley was lined v?Hh betting
establishments, and later on, when Kings
ley's place was run in Oakland, Foster
became known to local bettors as the man
who chalked the names of the horses
upon the blackboard. He was a brigut
young fellow and made many friend*.
During the last year Foster's gambling
operations are said to have exceeded his
income and the strain of trying to pick
wimera to have been too mucti for hi 3
brain. At any rate a couple of weeks ago
he began acting queerly aad his lrienda
had him sent to the Home for the IneDri
ate, thinkinj; his condition v.as the result
of a protracted spree. After being in the
home for a week, during which time he
grew steadily worse, he was pronounced
insane by the physician in charge. Judge
Sanderson signed the order committing
him to Agnews.
THE FIRE UNDERWRITERS
Semi-Annual Meeting of Their
Pacific Coast Association
Yesterday.
No Longer a Compact to Maintain
Insurance Rates, but an Iroper
ative Body.
The general managers of the Pacific
Coast fire insurance agencies in San Fran
cisco, although retaining their associa
tion, have utterly failed in uniting on a
standard for business guidance, such as
would maintain rates among their various
offices. They met yesterday at Battery
and California streets, they chatted over
business matters in a general way and
discussed the results of the election, but
such a thine as a compact on insurance
rates was not mentioned.
This meeting was the semi-annual ses
sion of the Board of Fire Underwriters of
the Pacific. It was well attended, as
nearly all the principal insurance offices
in San Francisco were represented.
Charles D. Haven, the president, occupied
the chair.
George Tyson of the German-American
Company, George W. Spencer of the
Eina, Henry K. Beldeu of the Hartford
and C. F. Mullina of -the Commercial
Union were appointed members of the
executive committee. Four members of
this committee retire at the semi-annual
meetings and three at the yearly ses
sions.
The underwriters accepted the report
of their treasurer, George E. Butler,
about expenditures and receipts of the
last naif-year, which were satisfactory to
the board.
"The Board of Underwriters," said one
of its members after the meeting, "is sim
ply an inoperative association — just lives
along and holds us together without doing
anything for our mutual good. It could
not do anything, anyhow, it seema, be
cause rates couid never be held up while
some fellows v.ould surely fight. It has
no effect whatever on rates er rules gov
erning the conduct of offices. For that
reason we took no action with regard to
insurance rates. The board is not a com
pact nowadays."
Zieland Stanford Camp.
Leland Stanford Camp held a called meeting
last night at Kohler & Chase Hall. It was de
cided to make a permanent political and social
organization, and committees were appointed
on by-laws. Thanks were extended to all the
firms or iriends that had extended kindness to
tne camp during the campaign lust closed.
The daughter of the camp, Miss Dora Johns
ton, gave a recitation. Special thanks were
extended to. the papers of this City for favor
able notices of meetings. At 10 P. K. the meet-
Ing adjourned to Wednesday, November 18, at
8 p.m. r. .
"*. •— * — • ; ■■ ■ - .
Tet our fig taffy, 25 cents lb. Townsend'a •
•• — — • . . .
• California glace rut pudding. Townsend'a.*
♦ — * — •
Extra-fins Brazilnut, walnut, pecan and
filbert taffy. Townsend's. •
. .' . • ♦ »
A mcx present— California Glace Fruits, 50c
lb in Jap. baskets. Townsend's, 627 Market St.*
• • — f i ■ ■
; Glasses, 15c; Sundays, 738 Market, Kast's
shoes tore ; weekdays, 65 Fourth, next bakery.*
• — *- — •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Alien's). 510 Montgomery. •
"Tommy, who was Joan of ArcT" asked the
teachor.
"Noah's wife," said Tommy, who is con
sidered great at guessing. — Philadelphia
American.
Through Sleeping Can to Chicago.
The Atlantic . and Pacific Ballroad, Santa f«
route, will continue to run cally through front
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every ' afternoon. Lowest through rates to all
points la me: United" States, Canada, Mexico or
Kuroup. Excursions through , Boston leava
every week. . Ban Francisco ticket office. 844, Mar
ket street. Chronicle building. '1 tuniuuo ui*.a,
1631; Oakland. 1118 Broadway. -
Phillips' Hock Island Excursion*
Ijenve Pan Francisco every Wednesday, via fUo
rande and Rock •J si and Bail ways. Tnronjti
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions W
Boston, i or tickets, sleeping-car accom oai
and further Information address Clinton Joae*.
General Agent Bock island li»ilway. *> *.«•"■
goniery street, San 1 rancUco
•—• — • — * ■
'. There Is youthfulnoss and good loots In a fine
head of hair. If yours is harsh, faded, gray or
scanty, use Parker's Hair Balsam. .
"Brown's Bronchial Trochks" relieve Throat
Irritations caused by cold or use of the voice. The
genuine sold only in boxes.
All persons afflicted with dyspepsia will find
immediate relief and sure cure by using Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
The best anoJyuefor the cure of bronchitis Is
Ayer's Cherry rvctoral. It gives prompt relief,
followed by certain cure.
Mother (suspiciously)— lf you haven't been
in swimming how did your hair get wet?
tittle Dick— That's perspiration— runnln*
away from bad boys wot wanted me to disobey
you an* go in swnnmin'.— New York Weekly.Wat csMl
SATURDAY L NOVEMBER 7, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Fai.dwiit Thtatfb.— 'Romeo and Juliet."
California Tbicaikb. — " Darkest RuM'a."
Monday, November 9.
( oli-mbia Thkatkr— "Tennessee's Pardner"
Mobosco's OPEBA-HocsK--Drlfilnß Apart."
• Tivoli Opkra House. — The Babes m the
W ood.'
Oepheuu— nirb-naiM Vaudeville
A icazar Theater .— •' Love on Crutches."
the tfvSst BTKEET THKATKR - - A. Kennedy,
-i^ss^'^mS^r-^ 10 Reclta1 ' Tue^
K-^t* * 08 ' '* VII - lo *-Le«p-Year Ball by the
ISorddeutseher Verein, to-night.
Odd l^sxi ows- HAi.r.-Address On "Our Lord's
Second Coming," Sunday night.
Mjtbo > ,-. «-B«tH!n Hmt performance
THE CHUTES AND SKATING Rink.— DaUy at
Halght street, one block east of the Pork.
Pacific Coast Jockey Ci. r B— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cook <fc Co.— This day (Saturday), China-
ware, at 123 Kearny B U, at 10:45 o'clock.
Oriental Hrns- This day (Saturday), at 424
Tlneßtrtet, at 2:30 o'clock
Iv Killip & Co.— Thursday. November 12,
Horses, at Van Ness avenue and Market Bts.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
The Rockland Gold Mining Company was
yesterday incorporated.
.• The Board of Health removed two inspectors
and appointed several others yesterday.
The shipments of fruit from San Jose to the
East in October amounted to 31,830,000
pounds.
George Foster, a well-known turfman, was
yesterday committed to the insane asylum at
Agnews.
"Fair Saturday, with increasing cloudinesi
at night; fresh westerly winds," is the forecast
for to-day.
By a late decision of tbe Supreme Court a
special election may be held for a new charter
Bt any time.
- James Nash and Beecher Manson, two pris
oners, escaped last Thursday from tae House
. Of Correction.
Mayor-elect Phelan says tnat the main object
of his administration will be to give Ban Fran-
Cisco a new charter.
Indlo, Strathmeath. Kamsin. Tenacity, Lib
ertine and Can't Dance were the winners at
Ingleside yesterday.
The Teachers' Institute held Its session in
the assembly-room of the Girls' Hieb. School
yesterday afternoon.
Tbe Board of fire Underwriters of the Pacific
met yesterday in semi-annual session, but did
nothing to affect rates.
Oral arguments were made yesterday In the
Supreme Court in the suit of E. Howard Smith
against the Ferries and Cliff Railway.
Judge Coffey yesterday awarded Attorneys
Moore and Barry $15,000 for fees In the Hiram
A. Pearsons estate. They asked for $37,500.
Henry P. Bowen, who killed Frank Jones,
Second officer of the whaling vessel Balaeua,
must stand trial in the United States District
Court.
Sharkey and Fltzsimmons sipned articles in
the cafe of the Baldwin Hotel last night to
fight ten rounds on December 2 for a purse oi
510,000.
A fight between Moses Barnett and J. J.
Kauer took place in the County Clerk's office
yesterday, in wnich tbe latter was slightly
worsted.
The British t>hip Alcedes was caught in a
. typhoon last October and nearly went down.
Sne lost her sails and was on iier beam ends
lor eight hours.
Cord H. Wetjen alleges ths.t a rumor that he
had committed suicide was maliciously circu
lated and was in keeping with the dirty work
•which defeated him.
At the request of the San Francisco Labor
Council James G. Maguire and James H. Barry
will intercede with Governor Budd in behalf
of S. D. Worden, the fain-wrecker.
J. J. Raver and If. M. Barnett engaged in a
fight in the County Clerk's office yesterday.
Tne combat was the result of trouble over the
Auditor's fight in the recent election.
Brother-in-law Da Young of the Chronicle
defeated Brother-in-law Deane for the position
ol City Au.litor by friendly comments and b»
double dealing with political associates.
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Mayer (nee Harris) have
returned from their southern trip, and will
• be pleased to see their friends at the Hotel
Savoy, prior to their departure for Marysville.
Five of the People's Bank depositors who
were Ir.dicted by the Grand Jury for libeling
Judge Hobbard were arraigned" before Judge
Ualngerlield yesterday and pleaded not guilty.
The Unadi'la blew out one ol her manhole
gasket heads while on her way here from Mare
.Islam! and had to He up for repairs. All the
Mare Island people went home on the Monti
ceUo.
M. J. Welch claitrs to have sufficient lnfor
. xnation in his possession that will not only
seat him in Sacramento, but will land some of
those who cheated him out of votes in San
Quentin.
The Grand Jury yesterday found two in
dictments for misdemeanor libel against Fred
Marriott, proprietor of the San Francisco News
Letter. The complaining witness was Judge
Ilebbard.
Governor Budd and other prominent cltl
. sens Mgned a testimonial^ihich was presented
last evening to Miss Mary G. Hay, organizer of
the woman suffragists, prior to her departure
for the EaiL
A joint meeting of the San Francisco Board
of Trade Rnd Chamber of Commerce yesterday
resnlted in definite action being taken in re
gard to exhibiting the products oi this State at
the Guatemala exhibition.
Senator \Y. M.Stewart of Nevada, who haa
been campaigning In the Eastern and Middle
States, arrived here yeßterday. He Kays
I'ierpoint Morgan is President, and that
McKinley was eleced by boodle and coercion.
J. B. Irving, a mining engineer of London
Is here. He says »?reit Interest Is being taken
in London in California mines. The opening
of the Manposa grant, he thinks, will cause
many additional investments in mines here.
M. F. Welch, Republican candidate for State
Fenator in the Twenty-third District, will con
test the election ot Sydney ball, who haa a
plurality ol 37 votes over Welch. The latter
claims that frauds were perpetrated and
threatens to bring suit.
The honor of having contributed the largest
Republican vote, claimed by Alametla County
is now claimed by Marin County. The genero
us rivalry will Center rouud the possession of
the handsome banner donated by Eli Denison,
and which will arrive fro in Los Angeles to-day!
Hearst Cartooned.
Thye Wasp this week prints a cartoon on the
publisher of the Examiner which will be
keenly enjoyed by the merchants and business
men generally whom he has been vililying for
months bj false stories of the coercion of em
ployes. The Wasp reproduces two of the Ex
aminer's anti-election cartoons. One of tbe-e
represents McKiniey and Hanna in holes in
the ground. The other cartoon shows a worfc
ingman winking knowingly and remarking
"Just watch me on Tuesday." In contrast to
these pictures the Wasp gives a cartoon of its
own marked "Just watch me on Wednesday."
It shows the young publisher of the Bryant te
organ the day after election in a deeper ho:e
than anybody. He looks very sad but by no
means lonely, for a mass-meeting of his fellow
citizens is passing resolutions on him and
offeri tig them in the form of a shower of eggs,
bricks and dead cats. It is just such a cartoon
hn Mr. Hearst might expect, and presents his
case to the public both graphically and truth
fully. _
Poker Ordinance Dead.
The ordinance against poker-playing drawn
up by Police Judge Low. which has been be
fore the health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors for some time past, was
placed on file yeiterday. This puts an end to
the matter unless the incoming board chooses
to take It up. _
Made Crazy by Drink.
C. O. Foster, a "marker" on the boards of
bookmakers during ' tne racing season, is an
Inmate of the ; Receiving Hospital waiting to
be transferred to the Agnews Asylum for the
Insane. The man's brain ;is temporarily de
ranged from excessive drink, and his friends
believe that a month or two away from the
City will restore hi« mental equilibrium. . - -
Foster's most recent employment was witn
Harrison's poolrooms in Sausalito.
» ♦ — •
Sued the Railroad.
k Thomas Whear and Ruth L. Whear, nil
T-ife, have sued the Market-street Eailway
Company for $50,000 damages for personal
Injuries sustained by Mrs. Whear in a street
car accident on the lngleslde branch on May
3, 189tt.
Bush-Street Tneater.
T. H. Kennedy, the clever hypnotist and
laugh-maJter, will open at the Bush-street
Theater to-night. Popular prices will prevail.
The British Ship Alcides as She Appeared in the Typhoon of October 15 Last. Her Sails "Were Blown Away and She Was on Her Eeam Ends for Eight Hours.
The Atove Sketch Is From a Description Furnished by the Officers and Crew.
ALCIDES CAUGHT
IN A TYPHOON
The Good Ship Was on Her
Beam Ends for Eight
Hours. -
Sails Were Blown From the Bolt
Ropes and the Ballast
Shifted.
ACCIDENT TO THE UNADILLA.
One of the Manhole Gaskets Blew
Out anl She Had to Lay Up
for Repairs.
The British ship Alcides, which arrived
here yesterday after a smart run of thirty
days from Yokohama, had an exciting
experience last month. When the master
saw that a storm was brewing he at once
began to shorten sail, but before all the
canvas was in a typhoon struck the ship
and she was thrown on her beam ends.
The few sails that were on the yards were
blown out of the bolt ropes and for eight
hours it was nip and tuck whether the
stout vessel would right or go down. To
make matters worse the ballast shifted,
but when hope seemed gone tha Alcides
passed out of the revolving storm and the
danger was over.
"We had fair weather after leaving
Yokohama up to October 15 last," said
Captain Dart yesterday. "Then we were
in latitude 43 nortb, longitude 165 east.
A heavy typhoon from the south-south
west and west came up, and we were at
its mercy for seveml hours. Many of our
sails were blown away, the snip was
thrown on her beam ends and our ballast
shifted. Tnat was our worst experience
and we had no more trouble in reaching
Ban Francisco."
Judging from the looks of the Alcides
she must also have lost some of her boats,
and the chances are that some repairs
will have to be made before she will begin
loading wheat for Europe. This is the
third trip Captain Dart has made to this
port, but it is the first time he has ever
reported a typhoon. The accompanying
sketch was drawn from a description of
the scene when the Alcides was in the
typhoon, furnished by the officers and
crew of the vessel.
The rear-admiral, the officers and their
wives and the enlisted men from IVlare
Island did not make the return trip on
the Government tv«» Unadilla yesterday.
Instead they went back on the steamer
Monticello and paid their way. When
only half-way to San Francisco the man
hole gasket blew out and the water from
the boiler leaked into the bilges.
Steam was kept up, however, and the
tug reached Pacific-street wharf in safety.
The water was then pumped out of the
hold and tha work of repairing the tug
began. The boilers bad to be blown down
and coolea off before the manhole could be
fixed, and that made it necessary to hold
the vessel here until tnis morning. The
damage is trifling, but siill it caused in
convenience.
Six carrier pigeons from the Mare Island
cotes were brought down on the Unadilia.
At 1:10 o'clock they were released, and
each one carried a message stating that
the tug would not return last night owing
to the accident, but would return early to
day.
The whaling steamer Belvedere got in
from the Arctic yesterday wjth 21,000
pounds of bone, 450 barrels o! whale oil,
145 pounds of ivory, foxskins and 4
bearskins. The body of Boatheader
Thomas P. Warren, who was killed by
a whale on October 13 last, was also
brought down. The story of Warren's
tragic death was brought down by the
steam-whaler Balaena. The remains were
banded over to deceased's relatives, ana
will be buried here.
Tiie Belvedere spoke the Beluga and the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
Thrasher. The former had taken twenty
wbaies since leaving San Francisco in
March, 1594. and the Thrasher two since
March, 1886.
The British tramp steamer Glenesk
drifted down on the c^ble ye?terday and
caused some damage. The little tug Annie
went to the assistance of the big tramp
and Captain 1< itch worth succeeded in tow
ing her away and froeing the cable.
The brand-new sister ships — General
Mellinet and Lamonciere, are both in
trouble. Some of the latter's riveting
gave way ana she bad to be overhauled by
the Kis'Jon Iron Work?. Now it is dis
covered that ihe Meiliuct's foreoeak is
damatred and she is to be put on Hunters
Point drydock for repairs. Both vessels
are French barks and are on their maiden
voyage.
Captain Finch, R. N. R., has been sent
out Irom Liverpool to Hong Kong to take
command of the steamer Gaelic, vice Cap
tain Pearne, who dud in the hospital in
Hongkong last Thursday. Captain Finch
was formerly third otlicer of the Gaelic
and latterly has been chief officer of the
Teutonic.
The news of Captain Pearne's illness
had been telegraphed to his wife and she
is now on her way to Hontckong. She
r:ill not hear of his death until she arrives
there.
Captain Blair, the popular master of the
big ship California, is now chief officer of
the steamer Tauric, plying between Liver
pool and New York. Both vessels belong
to tiie White Star line, Dut when the com
pany failed to get a purchaser for the
California she was laid up and Blair was
transferred to the Tauric. Now that busi
ness has picked up the California may be
brought out of retirement and once more
headed for San Francisco.
The following changes were made by
Chief Wharfinger Root yesterday : Collec
tor John F. Newford has been transferred
from district A (sections 1 and 2 of tbe
seawall) to district G (Jackson and Wash
ington streets); Collector George H.
White, from district G to district I (How
ard-street piers); Collector A. Ratenbury,
from district I to district C, and Collector
Tom F. Casey Irom district C to district A.
The seawall \t> so crowded with wheat
that Chief Wharfinger Root has been com
pelled to order it all moved. The various
lots ihat liave lain there ovpt fifteen days
must be moved immediately. Other lots
will be allowed a margin. It is expected
that within the next thirty days, over
80,000 sacks of wheat will arrive here for
transhipment to Europe.
O'BRIEN IS A CARVER.
The Composer of "Mad Angeline"
Uses a Knife on James
McAndrews.
He Resented Being Called a Black
Man and Some Few Other
Aggravating Names.
Charles O'Brien, a colored gentleman, who
claims to have composed the song of "Man
Angeline," is In the tolls. Early yesterday
morninej he and a white man named James
McAndrewß disagreed about politics in a
water-front restaurant.
O'Brien would brook no insult, and when
McAndrews told him that he should not be en
titled to vote he drew his penknife, having
forgotten to lake his raeor from bis dressing.
case at home, and he attempted to carve the
obnoxious person.
He failed in bis endeavor excepting to the
extent o( a paltry gash six inches long* across
the abdomen and a deep gash in the left
wrist.
O'Brien Is now charged with assault to mur
der and McAndrews it all stitched up at the
Receiving Hospital, sorry he had any hostili
ties with a toflrposer and a carver.
Mineral Water Fountains.
Such as those found at Paso Robles, offer a
permanently effective cure for stomach and
throat troubles and disordered livers and kid
neys. The water from these mineral springs
is generally recommended by the medical pro
te&sioß. *
T. M. C. A. Debating Society.
The Y. M. C. A. Debating Society will meet
in the lecture hall of the Association building
at 8 o'clock this evening. The subject for de
bate will be: "Should Turkey as a nation be
destroyed?" In addition to the debate there
will bo music, voc»il and instrumental, read
ing, etc. This will be the formal opening
evening of the Kociety for the ensuing term
and au enjoyable time is anticipated.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.
Tel, main 4.9. Furniture moved reasonably.*
RATIFICATION
BY REPUBLICANS
Grand Demonstration in
This City Over the
Elections.
Spontaneous Outburst of En
thusiasm for Protection
and Prosperity.
CLUBS AND CITIZEUS IN LINE.
There Will B; a Torchlight Parade
To-Night and a Rousing
Mass-Meeting.
There will be a grand ratification by
Republicans of this City to-night of the
election of McKinley and Hobart. -Though
there has been no time for preparation,
the demonstration is wholly a spontaneous
outburst of enthusiasm over the victory
for protection. v:
It was only yesterday that definite ar
rangements were made for the ratification,
and presently the public gaze was con
fronted with conspicuous placards bearing
this notice:
TKITJMPH
— OF— •
60UND MONEY I
*: Attend Republican Ratification *
: Meeting, Saturday Night at . ;
: the Auditorium. ;
Wherever this call to loyal Republicans
was displayed there were frequent and
numerous inquiries as to where instruc
tions could be got with regard to the pa
rade and the subsequent meeting. Repub
licans who marched in the monster parade
last Saturday afternoon were eager to
know how they could anange to march
again. One and all evinced a strong de
sire to show their unbounded joy over the
election by once more demonstrating to
the people that they were as enthusiastic
after the victory as before for protection
and prosperity.
The ratification will consist of a street
parade and a mass-meeting with all the Re
publican orators who worked in the cam
paign on the platform.
The spirit of tne occasion has been
caught by H. R. Hurbut, the poet of Tu
olurnne County, whose patriotic verses on
many great events have stirred the hearts
of the people. For this event be has been
inspired to pen a glowing poem, from
which the following verses are selected:
FALL IN LINE.
You are wanted in procession,
When the band begius to play,
To ratify the victory
We won election day;
And there's no use going 'bout tt
If we don't do tuiugs up fine;
YOU are wanted in procession;
Fall in line.
You are wanted in procession,
At the beating of the arum,
To do honor to the party
That will make our factories hum;
And we'il be remiss In duty
If we don't do things up fine;
YOU are wanud in procession;
Fall in line.
A meeting of the Republican clubs of
the City wa3 hejd last night at the Re
publican County Committee rooms, 950
Market street, for the purpose of making
arrangements for the parade. Charles
Curry was elected grand marshal of the
procession.
The positions of uniform club 9 prior to
starting were placed at Union Square, in
the vicinity of Post and Powell streets.
When these clubs fail into line and march
citizens with flags will drop in and follow
to the Auditorium building on Eddy and
Jones streets.
The line of march will be alone Post
street to Kearny, thence on Kearny to
Pine street, down Pine to Montgomery
and on to Market street, along which the
procession will move as far out as Larkin
street. At Larkiu the parade will coun
termarch to Mason street and then pa3s
on to Eddy to the Auditorium.
The mass-meeting will be held under the
joint auspices of the Republican State
Central Committee and the McKinley In
vincibles. It has been decided to have the
Republican orators deliver speeches, each
of which will be limited to live minutes.
In this way all the prominent men who
led the Republican party to victory in this
City will appear before the public."
The following aids to the grand marshal
were appointed: A. de la Torn* Jr., chief
of staff; aids— Colonel T. V. Eddy, Phenix
Club; C. M. Depew. Kniphts of Thirty
fifth Drill Corps; William Ross, Railway
Division; W. C. Carpenter, Kail road Club;
Fred Frey, Howard Club; I. P. Kincaid,
Dear Club; E. M. Galvin, Spanish-Ameri
can Republican League.
Tney will be at the place of rendezvous
and ready to march at 8 p. m.
Instructions to clubs will be given at SSO
Market street to-day.
T. H. Goodman Well Again.
T. 11. Goodman, the general passenger agent
of the Southern Paclflo Company, who was
dangerously ill at bis hotel a few weeks tince,
has so far recovered that he was able to spend
half an hour in his office yesterday.
STEWART TAKES IT HARD
The Nevada Senator Cannot Con
cede McKiniey's Victory
With Good Grace.
Calls Bryan Weak, His Campaign
Marvelous and Abus:s the
Republicans Roundly.
Senator "William M. Stewart of Nevada
arrived here yesterday, after campaigning
for many weeks in the Eastern and Middle
Western States to aid in the election of
William J. Bryan. He was in fifteen
States and delivered sixty-five speeches.
The Senator is a conspicuous figure
wherever he goes. His long white beard
looked whiter than usual. This, with his
hieh black bat, the brim of which flapped
unceremoniously, made him look more
than ever picturesque. He was very bitter
KEW TO-DAT.
POINTED LETTER.
A Peep Into Some Business Corre-
spondence.
In reply to a letter from a minister in
New Jersey who had inquired regarding
some nourishing and bealtbfnl drink that
would take tbe place of coSee for those
wbo bad been injured by coffee drinking,
tbe following statements were made:
"Our I'ostum coffee is a food drink which
looks Jike the finest Iriocba coffee and hns
tbe fragrant aroma. It creams up with
the golden brown color of old Java, and
really seems to the coffee drinker a verit-
able cup of the much loved beverage, but
it is made wholly and entirely of grains,
and is decidedly fattening and nourish-
ing. The stomach troubles and bowel and
liver complaints disappear under its
use. for tire reason that the real coffee,
which contains the same poisonous alka-
loids as strychnine, tobacco, whisky and
morphine, has been dismissed, and pure
food in a liquid form taken in its place.
Postum is shipped to physicians, and by
order of physicians to various parts of the
country. A packafte containing enough
for lifty cup;, is sent for 25 cents, post-
paid ; twelve packages by express prepaid,
$2 50.
It is used by the children and their
parents ireely with good results. It is
highly recommended by the medical pro-
fession and others, but we take the posi-
tion that a preparation that is made of
nature's pure grains alone needs no
human indorsement. It has its health
certificate from a higher sovirce. Very
respectfully, Postum Cereal Co. (Lim.),
Battle Creek, Mich."
There is but one genuine original Post*
urn Cereal coffee, with a multitude of imi-
tations offered as "just as good."
over the result of the National campaign,
and rehashed some of the stock theories
about the causes of McKiniey's victory.
"The press here don't like me very well,
I eu«»s9," said the Senator at the Palace
last night; "it seems that it doesu't, any
way, from what I have heard. But it is
the most patriotic press I ever saw.
"About the campaign? Boodle and
coercion won. That's all there was of it.
The country has gone to the devil. The
gold standard ana the Republic can't
exist together. Morgan is President of
the United' States. It isn'' Cleveland.
The schooibooks don't tell who is Presi
dent and* half the people don't know.
There will be the same financial policy.
The Republican party and McKinley are
pledged to it.
"Tho issuance of bonds for gold will
continue. How can it be helped? About
the tariff making up the amount neces
sary ior the expenses of the Government?
It Is the most absurd thing to talk of !
"An enormous sum of money has been
ISEVT TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
tRXDLAft3tR.6OTTIOD «^c»2_usiE3 Ans majiacilßS • • ■
I. AST I THIS
MATINEE AFTERNOON.
AND ON LY THREE TIMES IViORE.
Tennessee's Pardner !
Scott Marble's threat Play.
Hear Again tea Golden Nugget Quartet
NEXT MONDAY
A GORGEOUS
BURLESQUE,
"PEERLESS CORIME"
And Sixty Others.
EVERYTHING NEW ASD ORIGINAL
Seats— 2so, 50c, 75c, 81— Now on Sale.'
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLER
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FIRST PI AN RECITAL
Tuesday Evening, November 10.
Second Becital. Thursday Aft., Nov. 13
Third Recital. Saturday Aft., Nov. 14
Last Eecltal, Monday Evening, Nov. 16
, PRICE 9-53.00, 91. 50 and SI.OO.
. Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Ca'a
mimic store. » -■ ■'■>.. '.''-■•..■ '
Bklascd. JJOAXE « JOBUIi.V. l/"SSr« l <£ Maai.-K-l
■ MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 - O'CLOCK.
i■ . : . Augustin Daly's Greatest Comedy.
••JL.OVK OS CKUTCiIK"*!"
PRICKS -NigUt-lSc, 250. 350/ 50c.
Matinee*: 15c. 25c and 35c. ,
Telephone Black 991.
FIRST
_^^ Annivm^yleap^r
•A\ y . if Given by Member*' Ladies
///riyKtl ••■ ?orddcotseher.Verein \
M W%lj\n ' Saturday, Mot. 7, 1896,
I a ■'M.mjiH^M II At Saratoga Uall, 814 Geary
XV^iT I/- iK// ■ A.dmisBl«»n, Ladies 500
Vk.^i tUr/J ' Payable at the door.
Gents escorted by ladies free
;> '^ Cents without Lady Escort '
:.^C;. '.-". . 60 Cents. '.
THE CHUTES.
Open Daily from Ito lIP. .H. '
, Special Performance This Afternoon. .
ARION"! arion :
Will ■ ride a bicycle over a live trolley wire in a
blaze of fire 100 f«et above the lake every evening.
MAMMOTH - SKATING RINK!
Perfect in Every Appointment i
to-morrovFaVtjernoon,
BALLOON ASCENSION AND^ggk
PARACHUTE DROP fßii
EMIL MARKEBERC3, -W :;
;): The Most Daring Man on Earth. : ' ♦!!+ ;
' Admission— Adults loc, Children sc. -
SUTRO BATHS.
• Open Daily from 7 A. 31. to 11 P. M.
Concert livery Afternoon and Evening.
Admission— lOc, Children sc. .
is school children admitted free Saturdays, 7 a. m .
to 6 p.m.; . "-■.;■:( .;'-...;■. • /•,-.;..- ;.;•,;, . :
I KEW TO-DAT.
I Woman's Writes |
I) (C
I'
V Believe in Woman's Writes? (<[
(*) Believe in Woman's Writes? I,
v Of course we do. Who could $•
i '? help it when women write such V
S) convincing words as these: )i'
<|f "For seven years I . suffered Vi
» with scrofula. I had a good <i[
■ C physician. Every means ■of ;/
! f > cure was tried in vain. At last «[
• j|. I was told to try Ayer's Sarsa- |'
<| parilla, which entirely cured <<[;
J!> me after using seven bottles." (I 1
<? —Mrs. John A. Gentle, Fort %
« Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896. »
|! Ayer's Sarsaparilla |
\<> ..cures.. «
spent to elect McKinley. More has been
used than in all the campaigns for twenty
years. How much has been used? Tens
of millions.
•'There can be no prosperity under the
gold standard. There may be a Jittle im
provement, like that affecting wheat by
the famise in India, but it cannot last.
"As to Mr. Bryan and his campaign, it
was the most marvelous ever seen.
"But I wouldn't have sent that letter
to McKinley if I had been him. It's a
little weak, I think. It's tne worst thing
ie has done. I wouldn't have congratu
latpd McKinley, because he was not rightly
elected.
"The last letter of Mr. Bryan, which lie
addresses to the bimetullists of the United
States, is all right. It is good and I in
dorse it all."
The Senator will bo here for several
days. He met a number of old friends
last night, and with ail of them the cam
paign was one of the subjects of discus
sion.
NEW TO-DAT.
Why Schilling's Best tea
is in packages:
(1) to keep it fresh;
(2) to make sure that you
get it.
The grocer returns your
money in full if you don't
like it.
A Schilling; & Company
San Fr-"-^" <"
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A - 11a yuan 1 & Co. (Incorporated)... .. Proprietor!
Last Times! Farewell Performances!
I Julia Marlowe Taber and Robert Taber.
"With Their Own Company.
MATINEE TO-DAY, and TO-NIGHT,
ROMEO AND JULIET
U3r Tc- Morrow (Sunday) Night, Hinrishs-Eeel
Popular Operatic and Orchestral concert; 25c
to $1.
NEXT MONDAY -COMIC OPERA.
BELLI FOX IS "LITTLE TROOPKL"
AT THE MomlayKlght,
CALIFORNIA, .Nov. 9, . ■
DARKEST RUSSIA!
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUSE
Mks.l-;rxkstin-k Kheli.vo. Proprietor it Alaaajar
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
"THE BABES ';
IN THE WOOD!"
THE BEST EVER!
TOOIOKROW KVENING,
Superb Prodociiou :of Strauss' Romantic Opera,
"THK GIPSY BAKU.V "
Presented in a Masterly Manner.
SEATS SOW ON SALE.
Popular* Prices— 2sc an<isOo.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSB.
\VAI.Ti::r. Mt)KO!3«JO. Soli l/e».v» aoJ ibaUi:
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
' Reappearance of the Charming Artiste,
VICTORY BATEMAN,
■ In the Emotional Domestic Drama,
"DRIFTING APART!"
n^ ■ Written by Captain Jatne< A. llerne.
IiATJUHTEK AND THAK-> ALT :•. L:N ATE.
A Splendid Cast. Magnificent Scenery, Wonuerfal
.Mechanical Effects.
,Ev<?ntn>r Price* — l()c. a. r .o and .I^s.
Alatinee* Saturday and Sunday.
O'Parrell Street, Pe.weea Stockton and PowelL
Matinee To-Day (Saturday). Not. ,T.
Parquet, any sent, 'Jsc; .Balcony, any seat, IJ2.
Children, 1O<?, any part.
THE QUAKER OlTl' QUAKTEf!
HOtVAKI) AND BLAND!
KAYS and lIKfTUK,
DETROIT BROS.
3 HORN BROS. AND Mi I! X IiRAIH!
31 — Vaadovllle St»M in the Bill ! 33
NOTE— The Arrlola Mexican Urcbesira « 111 per-
form in the Annex every afternoon from 3 to 5,
evenings after IU:3Ui
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
GO WHEKK THK CROWDS CO.
iSsSSSsSfcThe Laughing Season Begins
SATURDAY NIG H% NOVEMBER 7
t HYPNOTIST,
; King tans;h-3laker_of the World.
EVENING PRICES— IOc, 15c, 25c. 50c.
Sfatlnee Saturday and Sunday, 100,250
- Doors open 7:30. . Commence at 8:15.
I ODD FELLOWS' HALL,
Seventh and Market streets.
AX ADDRESS OX
OUR LORD'S SECOND COMING
FOR THE GOOD OF THE WORLD,
By JAMES B. DAVENPORT, Evangelist,
SUNDAY NIGHT.... ...I. .NOVEMBER 8,
At Eight O'clock. %
ADMISSION FREE.
This is not so-called Second Advemlsm.
This Evangrl!»t sostalns the Orthodox Churches
and Ministers of the city. AH are Invited.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
( NCLESIDE TRACK),
COMMENCING OCTOBER 28.
FIRST I! ACE AT 3 P. M.
The only. Perfect Winter Racetrack in America^
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
ADMISSION . .......;........ ......:»i.bo.
. - Take ; Southern . Taciflc trains at Third and
Townsend sM. depot, leaving at. 1:15 ; p. m. Tan*
MJaslon-st. electric line direct to tract.
\ A. B. BPBECKEI^s, Prcaldoau
■= W. 8. Leake, Secretary. - . '7
78
SPORTSMAN'S REALM
What Is Being Done on Field and Stream by
Trap and Range*
The lovers of good boxing can safely
count upon two great events within the
next five weeks. The Carroll and Me-
Auliffe ten-round contest, which will be
held on the evening of the 18th inst.,
should prove a most scientific battle, as
tbe men are, so to speak, skilled
mechanics.
On December 2, unless something un
foreseen should happen, the great heavy
weight battle between Fitzsimmons and
Sharkoy will occur. It is hardly neces
sary to remark that this contest will draw
an immense crowd to the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
The annual fly-casting tournament of
the Fly-casting Club will be held to-day on
Stowe Lake.
A football game will be held this after
noon at Central Park between teams com
posed of freshmen from the Stanford and
.Berkeley universities.
The oarsmen are in active training for
tbe races which will be held on Thanks
giving day.
THE WHEELMEN.
San Rafael Races Postponed— New
Velodrome Track.
The road races which were to have been
held to-morrow in the vicinity of San
Rafael have been postponed one week for
the reason that many of the riders have
not had time to train properly, owing to
the excitement incident to the election.
Entries may be sent in up to next Wednes
day night to Frank M. Byrne, 516 Jones
street. Already about thirty have been
received for the handicap event. The
prizes are valuable and the races will be
worth seeing.
This leaves to-morrow practically blank
as far as road races or club runs are con
cerned, and most of the riders will proba
bly go to the park. Some of the clubs
H. A. Goddard, B. C W v Holder
of the Coast Two-Mile Record
( Unpaced).
have called runs for San Rafael, but these
have now been declare.! off for one week.
The split in the Imperial Cycling Club,
as exclusively announced in The Call
Thursday, is liable to result unfortunately
for that big organization if the breach is
not soon healed. It seems that the majority
of the members favored George P.Weimore
for Superintendent of Streets, but a few
were working hard for Ambrose. A« tbe
club is a member of the Wheelmen's Mu
nicipal League, which had indorsed Wet
more, most of the members were in favor
of staving by their Hug, and naturally re
sented the efforts of a few to create a "feel
ing against Wetmore in the clud and thus
aid in his defeat. The presid&nt and vice
president have resigned and a good ruanv
ol the members are thinking of do*ng the
same.
H. A. Gnddard of the Bay City Wheel
men will leave here to-morrow inght and
go direct to London, where he wi : l take
charge of the Cleveland people's interests,
(ioddard is well known and quite popular
among the wheelmen here, and has gained
considerable prominence both as a racing
man and as a scribe. He holds the record
for thu fastest unpaced five miles ever rid
den on the coait, 12:13, made on the Hay
wards road not long since. His departure
for a foreign clime will be noted with more
or less regret by hi« many friends in the
wheeling frniernit3' here."
The members ol the Acme, Reliance
and Alameda clubs across the bay will
participate in a b ind joint club run to
morrow. The start will be promptly at 10
a. m. from tha Acme Club, destination un
known, but the rider who can guess the
spot selected for luncheon wiil be pre
sented with a valuable prize. Prepara
tions have been made >o accommodate
over 200 wheelmen, and as this will in all
probability be the last run ol the year, the
cifferent captains will endeavor to have
as many men in line as possible. Mem
bers of these clubs are at liberty to invite
friends on this run.
The Alpha (ladies") Cycling Club will
hav^ a run to the park to-morrow morn
ing under Captain Mahony.
Otto Ziegler Jr. is expected in the City
to- morrow, for the first time since his re
turn from the Eastern circuit.
Tbe Yosemiie Cycle .v have moved to
their new headquarters, Armory Hall, on
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street.
The following are the officers for the ensu
ing year: W. A. Searles. president; Phil
N. Hammersmith, secretary- treasurer ; N.
Lowenleld, financial secretary ; E. Boukof
sky, captain; M. P. Hayes, first lieuten
ant; L. Craw, second lieutenant; rVed
Grant, color-bearer. Una-iached riders
ore invited to join the club, which is now
in a ttourisbinc condition.
If you cannot withstand the chilling
winds and the cold weather of winter and
are determined to abandon the wheel un
til next spring give it some attention and
do not toss it in a corner. Go over every
part of tbe frame with vaseline and then
wrap the mucbine in rags or in one of the
paper envelopes for the purpose, which
can be purchased in any city. "Then hang
the wheel up in some dry, out-of-the-way
place, and when you take il out next
spring it will be in as good condition as it
is to-day. With the temperate climate of
this State, however, it is hardly worth
while to put one's wheel away at all, as
some most enjoyable riding can be had in
the dead of winter when the weather is
clear.
The members of the California Cycling
Club have elected ihe following officers to
serve for the ensuing year: Robert Dun
can, president: John F. Burke, vice-presi
dent; William Reid, secretary; W. O.
Johnson, financial secretary; W. Sang
ster, treasurer; W. Smed^ke, sergeant-at
arms; F. C. Hansen, captain; E. M.
Boyle, first lieutenant; X Muller, second
lieutenant. The only contest was for the
captaincy, F. N. Bent rnnning against Mr.
Hansen. To-morrow the^club was going
to San Rafael to witness the road races
there, in which several of tho members
are entered, but the run has been post-
poned a week. A. Thiesen and C. J-
Birdsall of the Californias make one of
ihe speediest amateur tandem teams on
the coast, and are in constant training at
the new Velodrome track.
Don't let the air out of a tire when not
in use to "save it." Tires are much better
off when standing if well inflated. Gen
erally speaking a small tire requires more
pressure than a large one, if it is to carry
the same weigh:, and a given tire requires
more pressure in proportion as the rider
is heavy. A tire should always contain
enough air to keep its rim from the
ground. If in ruling you feel the slightest
jar as your wheel runs over ordinary ob
stacles it is because there is not sufficient
air pressure. There 13 no danger of burst
ing a tire, as many riders seem to fear,
when the small hund pump i;» used, and
even with the best foot pump only the
very weakest tires could be Durst. An ex
tensive observation has found a great
many tires which were very much too son,
while one is rarely lound too hard.
The chainlets bicycle idea is causing
much comment among the makers and
riders. It is said on good authority that
at least four of the large makers will put
such wheels on the market next season.
Now that the election is over the. Bay
City Wheelmen are beginning to make
preparations for their annual entertain
ment and dance in December. A ball
pool tournmtnt is also on the tapi< ana
the house committee has some other sur
prises in store for the members.
The new Velodrome track will be lively
to-day with the different amateur and pro
fessional riders in training.
The proposed opening meet on Satur
day afternoon, No/ember 21, will have an
attractive card, the star event beinj; the
match races between Wells and Foster, as
to the outcome of which opinion is about
divided. The track is admitted to be the
finest in the State and fully equal to the
very best in the East. R. P. Aylward,
who has just returned from the National
circuit and who has visited tnem all, said
he couldn't recall a single Eastern track
of similar size which was any better and
many are not so good, and the seating and
general acrominodat|pns here are much
superior. It is by long odds the best track
ever constructed in this City. Ayiward
thinks the unpaced mile record should be
easy on it, and that a fou;- eated pacing
machine mounted by good men and fol
lowed by a crack rider could bring the
world's mile record here after a few trials.
Bpalsiho.
FOOTBALL.
Stanford and Berkeley Freshmen
Meet To-Day.
The third annual intercollegiate football
match between the Berkeley and Stanford
freshmen teams will be played on the
Central Park gridiron this afternoon.
Game will be called at 3 o'clock.
The stripped weights of the men and
the positions they will play in are indi
cated. in the following lineup, which
shows that the Berkeley rushline is
heavier than that of the Palo Alto fresh
men.
Stanford, 1900. Position. Berkeley. 1900.
Digßles. 140 .....L. K. B Allen. 146
Husk, 170 L.T. R. Barnes, 185
Ballentine, 170 L. G. R McDennott, 19 I
Burnett, 180 C Birdsall. 204
Biunchard. 182 R. G. I Peck, 182
Beckett, 173 R. T. L Me Isaacs. 170
McGllvray, 150 R. E. L Masters, 118
Murphy, 144 Q Ausiin, 135
Scoville, 148... 1* H. R. Anderson, 162
Daly, 155.........-... R. H. L {!,S c ;^ 6
Lanagan, 165 F Whipple, 160
Of tie Staniord learn Hunk is a fresh
man, who entered t!ie university from
Oregon with considerable football repu
tation, but whom the critics say has not
yet shown tmch abi.ity as to assume a
prominent position among the more expe
rienced members of the college squad.
Anderson of Petaluma, Right Half
Berkeley Freshman Team.
That, however, does not necessarily mean
that be may not be a likely player in his
class. Burnett is a big, strong fellow,
who has gained valuablo experience on
the second elevon trying to cope with
Williams, the big, aggressive Varsity
center.
McGilvray^played end on the Varsity in
the first Stanford-Olympic match and wns
injured during the game. Murphy, who
captains thf team from the quarterback
position and will p'obably be acting cap
tain ana quarterback for the Varsity In
ihe Thanksgiving intercollegiate match,
is the most likely tootb.iil-piayer that has
entered Stanford this year.
Cool, a good general, a good runner, es
pecially in a scattered field, and a sure
punter, Murphy is one of t ose few fresh
men that come with athletic reputations
that do not vanish with the dawn of actual
college life. He has played in two of this
season's Varsity matches and has acquit
ted himself creditably. Lanagan was cap
tain last year of the Denver (Colo.) High
School team and is said 10 be a feir pun
ter, though his lack of weight handiraps
him considerably as a competitor for Var
sity honors.
With both Murphy and Lanagan back
of the line kicking is sure to be a strong
feature of the game of the Stanford fresh
men, while the superior weight of the
Berkeley fre&hrnen line would indicate,
perhaps, that line bucking will tieure con
sdicuouslv in the plays tried by the blue
and -old Crst-yearsmen. Apparently the
Berkeley and Stanford freshmen teams
with respect to their line strength and
punting ability, reverie the order of things
exi-ting in the two Var-ity elevens.
Of the Berkeley freshmen team Barnes
is the new-found big man from Santa
Cruz, who has recently emerged from the
obscurity ol the freshmen ranks and be
come a Varsity possibility, where heavy
men are wanted badly. Birdsall is tbe
large, rotund center, who enjoyed an
ante-college reputation at Sacramento
belore he entered Berkeley, and readily
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
acquired a position in tbe middle of toe
Varsity line, where he has played in
every match this season. Mclsaacs is
tackle for the Olympics or at Berkeley,
as necessity arises, registration in one of
the aflihated colleges in this City making
him eligible to double duty.
Anderson entered Berkeley from the
Oakland High School, and was one of the
very few experienced football players
among a very loose class of century men.
While not a Varsity man, because of the
sure veteran material already behind the
line on tt}e big team, Anderson is counted
a very good freshman. Whipple, the full
back,' played half on the Varsity for a
while last Tuesday against Reliance, but
Birdsall of Sacramento, Center
Berkeley Freshman Team,
did nothing particular to mark him a* a
valuable man or as a football failure. The
fact that he is on the Varsity would indi
cate that he is considered one of the more
promising of the new men.
To Whipple. then, and Birdsall and
Mclsaacs and Anderson and Barnes spec
tators will look for particular manifesta
tions of individual ability among the
Berkeley eleven; while Murphy anil Lana
gan and McGilvray should attract cor
responding notice for individual work for
the cardinal. The other men are to fame
and glory yet unknown, except, perhaps,
among their relatives and near friends,
but to-night may see several of them
heroes beyond the roseate dreams of the
most ambitious freshmen of the lot.
From these men will be formed the big
Varsity teams of a few years hence. Look
ing upon the match from such a stand
point, future possibilities may be reckoned
when Captain Kansome and Suerman
have left Berkeley and when Captain Fick
ert and Williams have become traditions
at Stanford.
Both freshmen elevens have been beaten
by the Belmont School team. A compari
son of the gann s and of the freshmen
playing in each gave rise to the belief that
the Palo Alto freshmec had a slight ad
vantage. This, howe.er, is not now ap
parent since the increase of weight in the
Berkeley team and the disbarment of sev
eral of the Staniord players on account of
certain registration qualifications required
by th<» intercollegiate agreement.
Then, too, Berkeley goes into the game
with two victories by preceding freshmen
classes, while the Stanford tre«hmen must
exert extra efforts to overcome the en
couraging feeling of prestige in their
opponents, a leeling that year after year
has been sunh a power with the almost in
vincible Yale Varsity.
Captain Murphy of the Stanford fresh
men football team has hopes of winning
to-day's game, Dut he is not over-san
guine, and intimates that he expects a
hard game, as he understands that the
Berkeley freshmen havo been under But
terworth's special coaching ior some time,
while his own team has played but half a
dozen practice games as a team.
"If the men go into the game with the
right spirit ant) determined to win they
ought to do It." said he, "but if they fail
to play for all they are worth or allow
themselves to get discouraged or play in
differently they are going to suffer defeat.
I don't expect them to do any such
thing. I believe every man is going to do
hi« best, and I am, therefore, hopeful."
Unfortunately for the team several of
the men expected to piay have been pro
tested by Berkeley, because they are reg
istered as special students and" Stanford
has consented to get along wit out them.
Some others have been injured recently
and will either be unable to enter the
match at all or will go into the game in
bad condition.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 6.— Next in im
portance to the great intercollegiate
Thanksgiving footbail game between
Berkeley and Stanford will be the gridiron
contest which will take place between the
fresiimen of those two universities to
morrow at Central Park.
With two signal victories over the Stan
ford Ireshmen, the gume last year having
been won by a score of 44 toO, the Berke
ley men expect to maintain the precedent
established by the classes of '98 and '99
and come out triumphant in to-morrow's
battle. At the opening of the season tbe
outlook among the freshmen was not in
the least encouraging, ami many were in
clined to believe that Stanford would win
this year, hut within the Jast fortnight
things have changed. Several experienced
menj who had not been out previously,
Barnes of Santa Cnsi, Right Tackte
Berkeley Freshman Team.
came down to the field and added much
strength to the material already on hand.
The team taken as a whole is considerably
heavier than the freshmen eleven last
year, and if anything they are more expe
rienced.
As individual players, nearly all of them
have been doing fair work, but the disad
vantage of not having been able to practice
together has worked them considerable
harm. Though both Butterworth and
Nott have been working hard on them all
week, they do not play with the unity
and precision that they should for first
class footbail. At all events, they expect
to win the Dalm from Stanford again, but
not without much effort.
From the following sketch of the per
sonnel of the team, something of an idea
as to their qualifications may be gained:
Birdsall, the 204-pound center, hails
from Sacramento, where he had consider
able experience on his High School
eleven. He has been practicing steadily
ever since tne opening of the football sea
son at Berkeley. For the first two or
three weeks he was on the second eleven,
but as soon as Selfridge, the last year's
Varsity center, found that be could not
piay any longer this season, BirdsaM took
his place and has been playing on the first
eleven ever since. In each of the games
played this season, with the exception of
the one with Belmont, Birdsall has been
center and has gained considerable ex
perience, though he is still weak on the
defensive. He has both weight and
strength, being the heaviest man on the
field with the single exception of Molera.
It is expected, however, that hi Bur
nett, who will play opposite him on the
Palo Alto eleven, he will find a dangerous
rival, but from a study of the two men
the odds are in favor of Birdsall. McDer
mott, the right guard, is a student in the
law college. He has been playing center
against Birdsall considerable of the time
lately, and is in lairly good form, weigh
ing, stripped, 190 pounds. He has im
proved considerably in. defensive work
lately, and on the offensive breaks
through the line admirably. He is slow
in getting down the field after breaking
through the line, but seldom fails to bring
down his man when in search of him.
With Peck as left guard McDermott will
have a strong supporter. While weighing
eigbt pounds less than McDermott what
Peck lacks in weight he makes up in
daso and staying qualities. Peck comes
from S>quel, Santa Cruz County, and is a
fine specimen of physical manhood, stand
ing 5 feet 9 inches in bis stockings and
weighing 182 pounds stripped. He has
not been out for practice very long, but
what time he has been on the field has
been well spent.
In Barnes, from the Santa Cruz High
School, the team will have a powerful
Smythe, Left Half Berkeley Fresh
man Team.
right tackle who tips the beam at 185
pounds. Though he has not beefc out for
more than a fortnight, he aas been
rapidly getting into Varsity form, and
will put up v. hard game to-morrow if his
wind does not fail him. He is easily
I reckoned as one of the most promising
players in the eleven.
Mclsaacs, who will play the other tackle,
is quite well known in amateur football
circles, Laving done good service as tackl •
on the Olympic team (hiring the early
part of the season. He is lighter by fifteen
pounds than Barnes, but is in belter form
than the latter, having gone into training
early in the season. Heis full oi dash and
spirit, breaks through well, and when on
the defensive stops the plays of his op
ponents better man most of the candidates
for his position.
Alien, who will play right end, comes
from Santa Ana, while Masters, who plays
left, is a Berkeley boy. Allen is rather
light for his place, weighing only 146, but
he has an endless amount of snap and
| vigor, which he puts to good use in stop
ping plays around bis end. He is a fairly
good sprin:er, tackles hard and nearly
always holds his man when once be grasps
him.
Masters, the left end, weighs 148 pounds
and is well proportioned. He seems to
succeed better on the offensive than on
the defensive, and when once past his op
ponent he is fast down the field. Though
occasionally erratic he puts up a strong
game for a man of his weight and experi
ence.
Austin, from Santa Cruz, will piay at
quarter. To-day he weighed, stripped,
just 135 pounds. He is slow in passing
and fumbles too frequently for the best
good of his team. He holds his head well,
uses much judgment in giving hia signals
for plays and is quick to capture the ball
on a fumble.
Whipple, who has been playing both at
full and at half back, will nil the former
position to-morrow. He will take the ball
at half, occasionally, however, and when
necessary will drop back for kicks. He
has been doing h's best work at half.
He is quick at starting with the ball, but
is thrown too easily when running. He
has not yet learned to use his arm to
ward off interference to best advantage,
but with a clear field he sets up a hot
sprint and is considered a good ground
gainer.
Bmythe, whose home is in Berkeley,
gives promise of making a crack half
back. He plays a bard, fast game, and
hits the line like a pile-driver. He weighs
only 146 pounds, and like Eddie Sherman,
who is just the same weight, is quick to
see holes in the line and get through
them. He has the faculty of being every
where all at once, and when ha has got
there knows what to do.
Anderson, who comes from Petahima,
will play right half. He weighs 162
pounds, and i 3 very muscular. At half he
plays a fairly accurate game, is quick to
get down the field with the ball, and is
good at catching the punt of tbe oppo
nents. He hits the line hard, and, once
tackled, he struggles hard to get the bull
as far forward as possible beforo the
whistle of tbe umpire signals down. He
is in every scrimmage, and when it comes
to a struggle it generally takes two men to
hold him. •
With such a team California expects to
go into the game as present victor over
the Palo Alto men and come out of it with
Colors still flying.
Shooting at Shell Mound.
There will be considerable rifle and pis
tol shooting at the Shell Mound ride
range to-morrow. The following events
will take place:
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, medal
and prize shooting; San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein. medai and turkey shoot
ing; Germania Schuetzen Club, medal
shooting; Norddeutscher Schuetzen Clnb,
bullseye shooting. Independent Rifles,
monthly medal contests.
The following companies of the Na
tional Guard will also hold their monthly
medal and class shooting contests : C and
G (Nationals) and companies F, X and M.
THE GUN.
Prominent Shooting Club to Have
a Home and a Preserve.
The Olympic Gun Club has leased a
building containing twelve room at 1309
Van Ness avenue, between Sutter and
Bush streets, which will be completely
furnished and ready for occupancy
Wednesday. The club will hold semi
monthly trap-shooting contests through
out the season, both at live birds and
blue rocks. In the near future the club
will lease several acres of land in Marin
County, where quail and deer are said to
be plentiful. The officers are also figur
ing upon leasing several acres of marsh
lands in the vicinity of Black Point for
duck-shooting purposes. The members
of the club are: W. 0. Brown. H. J.
Wicker, F. H. Bushnell, R. Oxnard, D.
Berwick, J. V. Coleman, E. L. Bosqui, H.
F. Emeric, Dr. Rottanzi, H. B. Hosmer,
W. Marshall, F. Maskey. F. R. Webster,
Alex Hamilton, R. B. Woodward, A. M.
Cummings, Dr. E. N. Lowry, 1. R. D.
Grubb. U 8. Allyn. A. A. Bolini, C. E.
Ray, Walter Burlinganie, J. E. Cbesley,
C. W. Kyle, William Bolini, Steve Cos
tello. A. Russell Crowell, H. N. Branden
stein, J. McA. Brown, C. F. Grant, F. B.
Norton, R. L. Dunn, Stanley C. Scovern,
E. P. Matteson, Howard Nauman, C. C.
Nauman Sr., F. W. Carlson, George A.
Newhall, O. M. Fox, James Newiands Sr.,
A. Rose, G. H. Umbsen, George L. North
and C. H. House, making eighty-eight
members now on the roll.
The annual meeting of the club will be
held at the clubhouse on Wednesday even
ing next. C. A. Haight, J. S. Fanning,
W. J. Golcher, M. O. Feudner and Frank
Vernon were elected a committee on
permanent organization, to report at the
meeting. There will be not less than 100
members, all active sportsmen, on the roil
befor. 1 December 1, making the club one
of the largest purely shooting organiza
tions in the United States.
The casa of Tentberry vs. Jones, which
was to have been tried yesterday before
the Superior Court of Solano County at
Fairfield, was postponed because of the
absence of some of the witnesses.
Although wild ducks of many varieties
are plentiful in the marshes, the shooting
has been very poor. The weather is alto
gether too fine and the birds depart for
the bay just as soon as the first light of
day appears in the east. Hunters must
wait for stormy weather.
The quail-shooters are having fairly
good sport, but in most places the birds
hide in the trees and are hard to bag.
The lovera of snipe-shooting are looking
for tbe coming of Jacu Frost, whose arri
val is the signal that good snipe-shooting
is to be had.
THE ANGLERS.
A Large Gathering Will Witness the
Great Tournament To-Day
at Stow Lake.
The annual fly-casting tournament of
the Fly-casting Club will be held to-day,
commencing at 10 a. m., on Stow Lake,
Golden Gate Park.
As the weatner is just right for a contest
with the rods, it can be safely said that a
large and enthusiastic gathering of ladies
and gentlemen wiil be present to witness
the tournament.
Fly-casting is a most enjoyable and
artistic pa -time, which clings to any per
son who has once mastered the science.
To cast a fly with accuracy and delicacy
at any particular object may appear to the
uninitiated a rather easy thing to ac
complish, bat it is not, a fact wnich can be
substantiated by all of those good and
honorable fellows — which anglers must be
to be anglers in the full sense of the word —
who have mastered the gentle art of fly
casting from years of experience on stream
and lake.
It wiil be remembered that in every art
there has been one great master. Paint
ing had it? Raphael, sculpture had its
Michael Angelo, poetry its Homer, and
fly-casting its Golcier; but since the days
of Andrew and Peter there have been
many anglers, but there has been only
one Emmet Tuttle. He was the angler
sans pareil, the king of all the fishermen
so to speak. He so lar excelled all others
of his day that comparison belittles him.
It is said that he could have fished a
stream following in the footsteps of old
Izaak Walton, and discount the great
master.
But there are superior men now living
who are competent to teach the old
masters a lesson at least in fly-casting,
either for distance or for accuracy, and
Tuttle or Walton, if they could but wit
ness the contests of to-day, would not
hesitate to say that — there- are others.
According to the rules which will govern
tbe tournament all rods used by competi
tors must be single-banded and all casting
must be done with one hand. Rods must
not exceed 11 feet in length. In event
1 the weight of the rod is not limited, in
event 2 the weight of rod shall not exceed
8^ ounces, and in event 3 the weight
shall not exceed 5)4 ounces.
Competitors may consult their own inclina
tions in choice of reel and line, but lines must
nor be knotted or weighted.
The leader shall be of single gut and shall
not be less than six nor more than nine feet
in lengih.
Flies used by competitors shall be approved
by the captain. One fly only shall be used,
which shall not be larger than No. 5 and on
whicn the snell shall not exceed six inches in
length. Hooks shall not be broken at the
bend.
All catting shall be done from a platform
at least eight feet square and the surface of
which shall be not more than eighteen laches
above the water line.
For each event there shall be a champion
ship medal of gold, which shall be awarded to
the contestants winning the greatest number
of contests during tbe series in such event.
There may also in the discretion of the
executive committee be awarded merchandise
prizes to contestants standing second and
third in such event*.
Should two or more contestants win an
equal number of contests in any event during
the aeries they shall cast off the tie at the last
meeting of the series, or at such other time as
may be designated by the captain. Ties for
merchandise or other prizes snail be deter
mined in the name manner.
While contests are in progress members
shall not make remarks to judges, referee or
contestants, or in any way detract their atten
tion. It shall be the duty of the captain to
see that this rule is strictly enforced.
Contestants not using their own rods shall
usa the rods furnished by the club.
Horace Smith will judge the contest
for delicacy and accuracy. John P. Bab
cock will act as referee and Willis A.
Bachelor has been selected captain of the
tournament.
J. R. Chase writes from Santa Cruz that
the bay is literally alive with sardines and
that salmon-fishing is now in order. Mr.
Chase caught a salmon of twenty-four
pounds weight on Sunday last and sev
eral smaller tish have been caught during
the week.
HANDBALL.
Something Concerning- Jones, the
Australian— To-Morrow's Games.
The following handball games will be
played to-morrow in the Union handball
court:
W. Prince and C. Carson will play J. Hogan
and M. Bascn.
J. O'Donnell and J. Collins will play J.
White and R. Murphy.
W. Casserly and Jap Lyons will play F.
Kieruan and J. Quinlun.
The event of the day will be between R.
Lenihan ana J. Nelson and J. Harlow and
Terry McManus.
The friends in this City of John Jones
the Australian champion handball player,'
were much disappointed at receiving
news by the last mail from Sydney that
Jones' match with Oughton, another ceie
brated player, bad been declared oft The
me ?' xT lth their Ackers, met at
Wallsend, New South Wales, where the
first series of games wi!h the rubber ball
was to be played. To the surprise of
Jones and his backers Ou.'hton held tuat,
according to the articles of a-reement,
tennis balls should be used in both series.
Jones contended that the understanding
distinctly was that the hard ball should
be used in the second series of games to
f, pl */*& in vu S y dne y. and his backers
alleged that the clause stipulating that
the soft ball should be used in both -cries
was never read to them. Finally Oughton
agreed to play on the conditions stipu
lated by Jones, and just as the men were
starting in to play one of Oughtoii's back
ers positively declined to allow him to
play if the hard ball was to be used in
Sydney, and tne referee declared the
match off, each side to take bark the
amount deposited. The outcome was a
great disappointment, to all lovers of
handball in the colony.
Jones wrote to a friend that he was in
fine condition for tho match Dein«- re
duced from 164 to 143 pounds.' He could
not say what kind of a player Ouphton
is, as he had never seen him play, but
judged him to be first class, as the betting
was 3 to 1 that Jones would not score 10
aces out of the 51 with the soft bali. Jones
intended returning here if he won the
match, but will have to wait till the tide
of success turns his way.
At the San Francisco handball qourt a
good programme has been arranged for to
morrow, as follows:
C. Su'.livan and J. McEvely vs. J. Slattery
and M. Condon, D. Connelly and J. Lawless
vs. P. Hutchinson and 8. Hutchinson, D Far
rell and VV. Kelly vs. A. Peniioyer and P
KeX K' J - White aMd J - Collins vs. R. Murphy
and £.<! Toy, W. Stansbury and If. McClure vs
W. Hamilton and G. MeGuire. J. C. Nealon and
M. J. Killgailon vs. P. Dounelly and T. F Bon-
In the Russian army two days a week
are observed as fasts— Wednesdays a>id
Fridays— on which days all the soldiers
get in way of food is ientil soup and black
bread, and a drink consisting of water in
which rye bread has been absorbed.
_ NEW TO-OAT.
Cheapest, Because the Best
GAILBORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Send for that little book, «• Infant
Health; great value to mothers. Sent I
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. <
71 Hudson Street, BTew York |
g^Q\ Are You Strong?
4 mj** A^ \J*-~~*^~\ V \ Every man in his normal
*mgr /_ X^ Xc?^ _ V M condition has a certain amount
«Sir"~ « of vitality. If he exhausts or
jar v. \ "<</ xdd&sr uses * na * i U P he dies. When it
W\. "* \ N=_ y I M^^^J ■ i 3 partially lost he becomes
I M^ \\\ l-£a is^ weak, nervous. Thousands of
1 jß^iilisS^Bi pHHff men have lost sufficient of this
L. vital force to unfit them for
business or pleasure. Nearly
%jg — V^"- 3 ' x^H^lßP|y nine out of ten men are weak in
'^*» this way and dosing themselves
with drugs in their vain efforts to get cured. It is useless to
expect this power from drug*, as all medical men admit that
vital force is Electricity, so nothing else will replace it.
DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Is too well known to need a detailed description. It soaks the
body daily with the life of Electricity. This restores the vitality
lost from the system and makes manhood complete.
"I suppose you will be glad to hear that lam cured of my weakness. I haven't
been bothered by it for the past month and am feeling extremely well. I can't say
too much for you in your attention shown to your yat.ents. I feel that my losses
have entirely ceased. Thanking you for the cood you have done me, I am, yours
truly, LESLIE CRAWFORD, Largo, Cal.""
Is He Not Grateful?
Such letters come daily and are the greatest arguments in
' proof of the wonderful power contained in ' Electricity as given
by this wonderful Electric Belt. Read the book, "Three Classes
of Men. It will be sent closely sealed free on application.
s^.»XDDE:3>ar electhio <uo.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours BA. M. to 8:30 P. M. : Sundays 10 to 1. Offices at Los Angeles, Cal., 204
80. Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street. **
NOTE.— Make no mistake in th<j number— 632 Market street.
jfaj BS9BS BPilfek SS& 5919
i^a wp^" w^i^^ D^^^^
I AN ELEGANT BUTTON FREE
i with each package of
I CIGARETTES
M AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE )
I A COLLECTION OF BUT TONS
H ■/;•■■■ WITHOUT COST.
■ .-■,.'-■ ''■'■- '-■ . .' ■ * . ■ - ■■■ ■ . ~~
Disease Does Mot 1
Stamp Still. 1
Every one is either growing better ra
i or worse. . • |
S How is it with yon ? ;1
] Yon are suffering front 1
\ KIDNEY, LIVER I
; or URINARY TROUBLES. 1
| Have tried doctors and medicine with- |
t out avail, and have become disgusted. I
DON'T GIVE UP 2 9
foafeuire
WILL CURE YOU. |
Thousands now well, but once like you, S
; say so. Give an honest medicine an non- H
| est chance. n
\ Large bottle or new style smaller one ||
s at your druggist's. Write for free treat- H
i ment blank to-day. Warner's Safe Cure rj
I Co., Rochester, N. Y. £j
PCTblcheater'i Encllsk Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<v>*V Original and Only Cennlne. ' A
jr./ *»>A safe, always reliable. - LAOies uk /£s\
f'A\ V*swi Drc«l»: for Chichater » Bngliih l>la-/7\S
W*Sf9&PSk,<*<md B'imd la Hod and Ocld metallicVVQ'
*£v _^«MMboxe«. scaled with hlu« ribbon. Tak* VBf
m 9^t Vv* no other. Rtfuta dangtrout rubttift- ■. ™ ■
I'/ ~ iff tims and imitation: At Druggiiti, or Mod 4«.
I lm JA In itampr for particular*, testimonial* and
I V* JO "Koliof for Ladte<t. m It.ttf. by rctcra
-V IF M.i'L *<!,000 Testimonial*. Name Paper.
> ——*r«ht?h«it»r Chemical Co.,M«d!*on Square.
taH tg *a L«al DrusxilU. ?hilmd*>*PS
COSMOFOXjIT :
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Saa
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25a Rooms 50a
and 75c a day. .Free coach to and from the hotel.
LiOOJc tor the coach bearing the name of the Uaa>
mooolitan Hotel. WAI. fc Alii. V, ProprietorTHEY ALL WANT
GOLD PROPERTIES
British Mining Men Believe
We Will Soon Have
a Boom.
AH the Properties on the Mother
Lode Are Now
Bonded.
LOOKING FOR HAMILTON SMITH
J B. Irving of Englani on the Mining
• Situation— California Develop
ment Company.
J. B. Irving, a mining engineer of Lon
don, who for some months has been ex
amining into the gold mines in outlying
districts of California with the view of
making investments, is at the Grand. Mr.
Irving has spent a great deal of time on
the mother lode, especially in Mariposa,
.Calaveras and Tuolurahe counties.
He says that British mining men are
looking with interest to the gold mines of
[ California. They believe we are on the
edge of a great mining boom, and if there
N v as at the present time one or two great
strikes, the interest wou.d become extra
ordinary.
The settlement of the financial question
in the United States, he recounts also, will
greatly help this country, especially as to
the price of railway tocks and other se
curities. In mining, too, ii will be rather
an aid than otherwise.
"I have been over the mother lode a
good deal since my arrival," said Mr.
Irving, "and have pretty generally in
formed myself as to the properties there.
There has been a eood deal of interest in
mining claims for some time there, and it
has tak?n a practical form in that nearly
everything on the lode has been bomied.
"Tnose who got the bonds anticipated
that there would be lively times and cot
•in ahead and secured the property. You
can hardly drive along anywhere now on
tn"e lode that you won't find the property
taken in this way.
"You won't rind much of it sold. There
is littl- of that, but tnere has be .n an en
ormous amount of bonding. I should say
things were in good shape for a boom in
California gold ruining.
"If tne London Exploration Company
closes in full the contract for the great
Mariposa grant, as is expected when
Hamilton Smith arrives here, it will do
more than any other one thine. I think,
to enlist the interest of British mining
men in California. On the Mariposa
grant there are probably a dozen mines,
and each one of these will be capitalized
.separately and the stock sold in London.
These mines will all be worked, and one
■ wUy anu another great good ought to re-
Buit to California Irom them.
"It is the poiicy of the Exploration
Company to organize smaller companies
in this way. The California Development
Company, which was lately organized and
wh-cb is understood to belong to the Ex
ploration Company, has a great deal of
] roperty in Tuolumne County. Driving
aiong, there you see their white stakes in
many places.
•I" am of the impression that gold
mining h*re will during tne next year or
two be quite active. By the end of tftat
time there may be such discoveries as will
cause a rush to the gold regions here
wh eh will be something like the rush to
South Africa and Australia. It is certain
that a great deal of bonding has been
done on the strength of a belief in a boom
in mining. "
Mr. Irving is somewhat reticent as to
just what he is doing in mining. He has
. lately been in the vicinity of San Andreas.
It is expected that when Hamilton
Smith gets here, as be will do now in a
few days, all the mines on the whoie 43,000
acres of the Mariposa grant will be started
up. This will give employment to hun
dreds of men.
THEIR FEES CUT DOWN
Judge Coffey Allowed Attorneys
Moore and Barry but
$15,000.
They Originally Asked $37,500 for
Services to the Pearsons
.Estate.
From 137,500 to $3010 is the reductior
Judge Coffey yesterday ' made in the feei
asked for by the attorneys engaged in the
litigation over the estate of Hiram A.
Pearsons. J. H. Moore, the leeal adviser
of the executor of the estate, and Colonel
Barry, representing the absent heirs, some
time ago put in c.aims, the former for
$25,000 and the latter for $12,500. Hia
Honor, however, decided that Barry waa
entitled to but ssooo, and as he has already
received that amount that be may now
> consider that tne estate owes him nothing.
Mr. Moore stands charge! with $6690, so
« that be will have to content himself with
an additional $3010.
There was a large attendance of attor
neys in Judge Coffey 's courtroom yester
day afternoon when the Pearsons case
was taken ud and they spent an anxious
hour awaiting the decision of the court.
His Honor held that most of tne services
for which Mt. Moore asked for remuner
ation were duties which should have been
performed by the executor of the estate,
and that while he did not doubt their
value be conid not under the law se? the
v?ay clear to making the estate pay Mr.
Moore for them. He said the attorney
should look to th<» executor for his pay.
With reference to Colonel Barry's claim,
it was remarked on going over the ac
count, that he had performed duties
whicn should have b en delegated to the
attorneys representing other interests than
those which be w»3 appointed to defend.
Judge Coffey proposed, however, that
the various orphan asylums the duties of
wjiose lawyers had been performed by
Colonel Barry should present to him a
statement of the amounts they were to
have paid to their lawyers, and that he
would allow to Colonel Barry that amount
out of the estate. The lawyers whose fees
were thus to be wrested from them were
Joseph Hutchirmon, representing the San
Francisco Ladies' Protective and Relief
Soctety; G. W. Haight, representing the
Ban Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum;
Joseph Naphtaly, representing the He
brew Orphan Asylum; A. M. Drown, rep
resenting the Maria Kip Orphanage; ana
A. H. Lotiehborouu'h and M. C. Hasslett,
r^tuesentifig the Catholic Orphan Asylum.
M^ lien Judge Coffey made the announce
n»nt» just stated Colonel Barry imme
ofc'ely disclaimed that the cervices be
haHLrendered should have been performed
by his confreres an>i disclaimed putting
any such light on the matter, bat quickly
subsided when it became apparent to him
that >he court was indulging in a little
quiet fun at his expense.
Garret McEuerney objected on behalf
of his clients to the settlement of the ac
count of the executor, including thn items
of $75,000 distributed to the different
orphan asylums under the order of court,
which order was subsequently overruled
by the Supreme Court, ii was decided to
so arrange that partiai distribution may
be nad on Tuesday next, when two-third's
of the esiate will be turned over to the
heirs, a sufficient amount, however, being
retained in the hands of the executor to
meet the charity legacies and possible
future expenditures. The question of the
settlement ot tiie executor's account will
come up on November 17.
TEACHERS AND TALK.
Dissatisfied About Lecturers and Pen-
Blons— A Principal's Beard.
Yesterday afternoon's session of the
Teachers,' Institute was taken up by an ad
c'rens delivered by Professor Raymond,
formerly of Iliiuois. The subject chosen
was: "Drill asid Conquest; a Comparison
of Military Methodb ana tiie Progress of
Education."
Professor Raymond was introduced by
Superintendent Babcock, who prefaced
his remarks by saying that the teachers
had better take a good look at Joe O'Con
nor, principal of tne Horace Mann School,
who having lost an election bet will sacri
fice his beard. Fvery one who has seen
his sweeping hirsute appendage will know
that the carrying out of the bet will in
volve considerable sacrifice and devotion
to principle on the part of Mr. O'Connor.
There is much complaint among the
teachers about the speakers, or "half
broken-down <ducators," as they prefer to
allude to them, that are chosen to address
the institute. In other counties the
schools are given a vacation during the
sessions of institutes, whiota last three
days, but in this City it is quite different.
The pupils are dismissed at the noon
hour and a certain n rnt>er of afternoons
are taken to make up the requ.site times
The teachers complain that he speaker,
chosen are not practical and generally
what they have to say has no reference to
school life.
Tliey would much prefer that the
speaker should be chosen irom their own
schools, and consider it a pity to be calling
on outside speakers, who "talk with a
snuffle and can't break away from tueir
notes."
Tue Superintendent of Schools is, they
say, not to blame in the m.it.er, as the
men eh sen to speak come to him with
strong letters of indorsement and beg the
privilege 01 addressing tue teachers.
Althougu the great body of teachers
attend the se-aions, they teel ihat little
benefit is derived, and generally come
armed with tue newspapers and a batch
of yarn.
After the adjournment of yesterday's
session there was a meeting of teachers
interested in the pennon bill passed by
the last Legislature. Tbey were there for
the purpose of introducing an amendment
to the bill an'i to form a committee to
meet with the Board of Education aud de
cide as to the capacity or incapacity of
the teachers applying for pensions. The
amendment was* suggested by the fact
that mtiii. principals urge teachers to ac
cept v pension so as to make a vacancy Is
the School Department, and it was hinted
at that nianv are drawing pensions. not
really entitled to th m.
BOWEN MUST ANSWER.
The Murderer of Frank Jones
Will Stand Trial in the
District Court.
Defense Offers No EviJenc?, but Con
fident of Acquittal in the
Higher Tr bunal.
The preliminary hearing of Henry P.
Bowen, who Killed Frank Jones, second
officer of the sealing vessel Baleana, at
Herschei Island on September 1 :ast, oc
curred before United States Commissioner
Heacock yesterday. The accused was held
to answer before the District Court to the
charge of murder.
Assistant United States Attorney Bert
Scblessinger conducted tne case for the
Government, though little ii any evidence
other than what has already be»n pub
ished was introduced. It was shown that
Jones had provoked the quarrel, though
just preceding the shooting he had ex
pressed a willingness to let the whole
affair drop.
Captain Williams of the Balaena was
probably the strongest witness offered by
the Government. He swore that on July
15 Bowen had threatened to kill Jones,
wbich tnreat the captain thought of suffi
cient importanca to enter in the logbook.
On cross-examination it was developed
that on the day in question Jones had
choked Bowen, but the captain had not
made a note of it, because "it would tak«
up a page." It was also bnoiiEht out that
Bowen nad told Captain Williams that he
(Bowen) was willing to lee the matter
drop if Jones was willing.
The remaining jwitnesses examined by
the Government were John Mapes, An
tone Lopes and Arthur Huntley, all offi
cers of the Balaena. They swore to the
fact of the killing, and as to the frequent
quarrels between the two men. Lopes
said that jt:st after the shooting Bowen
had given Mm a package of papers and
books to throw overboard, and that he bad
done as requested. The witness could
give no information as to what the papers
contained.
The Government at this point announced
its case as closed, wiiereupon Attorney
Wilson, representing the aeendant, said
be had no evidence to offer in rebu'tal at
that time. Commissioner Heacock then
ordered the prisoner into the custody ol
the Marshal, pending the bearing of his
case in the United Suites District Court.
Mason Given Eighteen Months.
Edward Mason, who last week was convicted
in the United States District Court of usir.g
the mails for fraudulent purposes, must serve
a term of eighteen months in San Quentin and
pay a fine of $500. This is the sentence im
posed by Judge Morrow yesterday. Borne
months ago Mason wrote to Mrs. Caroline
Christie of Warren, Mass., to the effect tjhat
her son, Everett Christie, had been lujuredrt*
a railroad accident and was suffering for life's
necessaries. The writer thought that $100
would about fill the biil, ana this sum was
accordingly forwarded. Mrs. Christie's confi
dence in Mason was considerably strength
ened by the fact that he signed himself
'Sheriff of Truckee County." Mason attempted
to play the same game on Miss Christie, but
that lady was not to be so easily caught. She
wrote to the Postmaster at Truckee and then
the whole fraud came to light. Mason had
never met young Christie, but knew that his
parents were' wealthy. Acting on this in
formation he plHyed on the sympathies of the
mother to the tune of $100.
The Jaue Gray Case.
The case of the United States against the
sealing schooner Jane Gray was submitted to
Juage Morrow yesterday for decision, the
arguments on both sides having been con
cluded. Assistant United States Attorney Sam
Knight closed for tae Government. He feels
confident of winning the case. The suit for
the forfeiture of the vessel and cargo Is sur
rounded with many intricate legal details and,
in a wtiy, is of International importance.
Hence Judge Morrow's opinion will be eagerly
watched for by those interested in such
matters.
Clover and Clean.
Town Talk makes its appearance this week
with its customary excellent table of contents,
clever and clean. The events of the past few
deys have been unusually exciting, and they
are discussed •editorially In a logical and dis
passionate manner. The number is embel
lished by a variety of fine hall-tone illustra
tions, representing people prominent locally
in musical, social and other circles. A flavor
of gossip is Imparted to some stories toil i.y
the eauoterer. R-ad this bright weekly if you
want to know what Is going on in the world
ab ut yon. If you arc musically Inclined, you
will be especially interested in to-day's Town
Talk. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
ANOTHER CHARTER
IS NOW DEMANDED
Mayor- Elect Phelan Says
He Will Wcrk to
Get One.
This Will B? the Ma n Object
of His Administra
tion.
THE DECKS ARE ALL CLEARED.
Adoption of Constitutional Amend
ments Will Give the Citizens a
Chance to Act
James D. Phelan, the newly elected
Mayor of San Francisco, was busy receiv
ing guests yesterday. Ho acknowledged
the congratulations of his friends and
supDnrters with becoming modesty and
HON. JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor-Elect of San Francisco, Who
Wants a New Charter.
said he hoped to prove worthy of the con
fidence that the people have reposed in
him.
The quiet habits of Mr. Phelan are well
known. He dresses in a style becoming a
man of w-altn, wears a well-fitting busi
ness suit of dare material, with a carna
tion pink in the buttonhole of his sack
coat. He adopts the regulation standing
collar, but is not extravagant in the mat
ter of neck-scarfs, though they are always
hand-tied and of solid colors. He smokes
good cigars and lives well.
Mr. Fhelan said it was his earnest desire
and purpose to be an acceptable Mayor to
all the people, Democrats, Republicans,
Populists, and members of other parties
alike, for the vote he received made it
manifest to him that party lines had not
been drawn in the balloting for Mayor.
There is a c<zv, comfortable air about
Mr. Phelan's oftice on the fifth floor of the
Phelan building aud every politician in
the City will know in a week that the
number of his room is 301.
As a gentleman of taste who is able to
gratify all of his reasonable wishes Mr.
Phelan has surrounded himself with
many admirable objects of art. The most
important work is a landscape by William
Keith, showing a vista under the dark
overhanging trees that Keith loves so well
to shadow forth on his rich canvas.
In a prominent position is a bust of the
late James Phelan, father of the newly
elected Mayor. It is of pure marble, is
the work of an eminent scnlptor, and
stands on a graceful base of lapis lazuli
beneath a portrait of the same gentleman.
Other tokens of the future Mayor's filial
devotion are to be seen in different parts
of his office.
Amon.- the art treasures are fully a
dozen oil paintines and sketches in crayon
and water colors by teachers and students
of the Hopkins Art Institute, while a
place <if honor is accorded to a pen and
ink cartoon by Frank A. Nuntcivel, for
merly of Thk Call's art 3taff, represent
ing the untimely cutting down of a prom
ising Cupid by a stalwart young Amazon
wearing a modern bloomer costume.
Mr. Phelan is an eligible bachelor, and
his choice of this suggestive theme may
be noted with advantage by the young
ladies who have the pleasure of his ac
quaintance.
Above a carved bookcase is perched a
bronze bust. "1 bought that for a Na
poieon," said Mr. Phelan, "but I have
seen better. From this distance it looks
more like Major McKinley or General de
Young than it does like the great Corsi
can."
In a nook slightly withdrawn from pub
lic gaze is a beautifully mounted terres
trial globe, which may or may not indi
cate the Bcope oi Mr. Pbelan's prospective
ambitions. Certainly if he had been
"asking for the earth" in the recent cam
paign hi* fellow-citizens by a lar^je major
ity manifested their willingness to grant
his request.
When asked what special objects would
receive bis attention during his adminis
tration Mr. Phelan said that if there is
one thing he would luce to accomplish it
would be the framine and adoption of a
suitable and acceptable charter for the
City of San Francisco.
"This proposed charter could not be put
in force during ray terra of office, and
therefore I am free to advocate it," said
Mr. Pheltn. "If we can get the Oity on
the ri ht road for self-government it will
be the greatest accomplishment for gobd
that can be sug e-tcl so far as municipal
affairs are concerned
"I re ard the adoption of a new charter
of paramount importance, and with the
lesson taught by Tuesd i.v's election an in
strument ought io be framed, 1 think, that
would be acceptable «.o tne majority of the
people. By el niinating gome of the ob
jectionable provisions of the char er just
defeated and remodeling other parts, in
order to better subserve the public wel.are,
the york ought to be accomplished.
'"I regard it as a fortunate thing for this
ments referring to the government of the
City and County of San Francisco have
been adopted, for ibis action tiy the people
clears the deck for action in such a way
that a new charter may be «d >pted within
two vtars. Such is my opinion. I not.cc
that City Attorney Creswell holds to
the opinion that a special election
cannot be called <o choose a Board of
Freeholders to frame a charter, but
can be cahed only to fill a vacancy,
but I think he ismslaken. Tha; ques.iun
will be invesUKated fully and tho courts
wih probabiy be caiied upon to pass upon
the nia.ter, provided other arrangements
are completed for uroceeding with the
framing of the proposed charter.
"Everybody kimws what a lamentable
condition our City Government is in at
the present time owini; to the frequent
and conflicting amendments to the con
solidation aci, under which we are irying
lo conduct our municipal business, sup
plemented by the almost innumerable
decisions of tne courts in regard to dis
puted points. I do Dot believe it is possible
for any one to decide intelligently just what
the present system of municipal law pro
vides. Thisisshown by the frequence of the
appeals made to the couris lor interpreta
tions of provisions that ought to be olear
to '"very citiz -n.
"There are other things that are worthy
of attention by tiie Mayor, and to them I
shall bring whatever ability I may possess.
"I have made a campaign against the
waste and extravagance which is the cause
of high taxation existing now in our City
government, and I have not hesitated to
point out t'.e betrayal of the City's Inter
ests by the Board of Supervisors. I be
lieve that the public on Tuesday elected
good men 10 the Board of Supervisors. I
think it is the be«t board ihat has been
chosen fora lon^ tune. I am well satisfied
with he personnel of the incoming Board
of Supervisors.
"1 have made a campaign against the
quasi-public corporations, not because I do
not believe they have rights, but because I
know they have duties toward the public
which they nave not performed. They
should keep their hands off the Board of
Supervisors; they should pay their just
share of taxation ; they should char c only
reasonable rates for their service, and now,
having been elected by the public, without
any assistance -rom this source whatever,
I am free to deal with them as the repre
sentaive of the City.
"ActUHted no less by a sense of duty
than a sense of the deepest and most pro
found gratitude to the people who Have
expressed their confidence in my candi
dacy I shall endeavor to represent the City
faithfully upon all occasions.
"Under the power of supervision of the
several office* conferred by the consolida
tion act I will see that »be municipal of
fices are conducted without extravagance,
waste, favoritism or corruption; that the'
taxation be placed where it belongs, and
that the revenue of the City be expended
for the economical maintenance of the
municipal establishments and for the
general progress and welfare of our great
City."
Mr. Phelan says that his plan will be
during his term of office to keep the citi
zens informed on all matters pertaining to
their public interests, and by thus taking
the people into his confidence he expects
to induce them to co-operate wit him in
advancing the welfare of tlie community.
COURSING.
Postponement of the Ocean View
Meeting— Two Stakes for Ingle
side To-Viorrow.
Owing to the action of some malicious
person in cutting the fences surrounding
Ocean View Coursing Park on Wednesday
night and permitting all but a few of the
bared to escape, there will be no running
at that popular resort to-morrow. All
preparations had been made for a fine
meeting, which was assured by the pre
vailing pleasant weather, but astime pre
cluded tne importation of a new Jot oi
jacks the management was reluctantly
compelled to send out notices to those
who were training dogs for the event that
the meeting was postponed.
It was the original intention to close on
Sunday, the 15th inst., out of courtesy to
the Interstate Club, which goes to Mer
ced on the day previous, but roost of those
who had hounds in training have earnest
ly requested tnat the postponed meeting
be held on that day and their demand has
been acceded to. The meeting is aiso in
tended to accommodate the large number
of leashmen who cannot afford the expen
sive trio to Merced.
The drawing will be heid an Friday
evening next at Delta Hall and the staka
will be limited to thirty-two dogs.
Ailru ssion to the park is free to all.
Two excellent stakes, an all-aged and a
sapling, will be run at Ingleside to-mor«
row. The drawing took place at Delta
Hall on Thursday evening and resulted as
follows:
All-aged stake— S. E. Portal's Elridge vs D
Cbilla's Happy Day, Dillon and»Reilly's Lady
Fitzgerald va. J. J. Laslfey's Splnawav, /.
Quane's Captain Morse vs. A. Moore's Monitor*
D. J. Healv's Wave vs, H. Spring's Sir Walter'
Alameda kennel's Venture vs. J. J. Las Key's
Lead On, M. Loftus' Gripman vs. C'ronin and
McDonald's Reliance, E. Geary's Electric vs
P.C.Curtis' Cleverness, D. Shannon's Swiu
nerton vs. M. Kerrigan's St. Lawrence, Cronin
and McDonald's. Lsssak vs. Richmond keune.'s
Uncle Sam, M. Traynor's Valley Maid vs P
ReiUy's Wee Nell, A Merrill's Tofnmy Hull v*
P. Gorman's Kingston, D. J. Healy's Vida
Shaw vs. J. R. Dickson's Mimosa, J. F. Gace's
Ijibs of Gowrie v«. J. Keenan's G sight, E.
Wi.lson's suuuyside Mflid vs. T. Hays' Tulia
more, E. Evans' Dai.Ua way vs. W. Kav's
Eclipse, P. C. Curtis' Biackette vs. Merrill's
Far ter ana Faster.
Sapling stakes— J. J. McDonald's Blushing
M.iid vs. T. Flyan's DoraTnorn, M. O'Connor's
Let Fly v*. W^ Pitman's Lady's Gr zzle. J. J.
McDonald's Cinderella vs. M. Burkes Jessi •,
H. Spri'ig's Spidtr vs. W. P.tman's Advnnc.-,
H fcpring'M Blue Blazes vs. T. Kerr's Pippin, 8.
E. Portal's At Last vs. W. Pitman's Happy
GirL
A GREAT DAY'S
SPORT ASSURED
The Thanksgiving Day
Regatta Will Now Be
a Success.
Entries From All the Prominent
Cubs AlreaJy Re
ceived.
JAMES D. PHELAN EEFEEEE.
All the R^ces Will Be Over in Time
for Visiiors to Reach the Foot
ball Gime.
All donbls about the success of the
coming Tnanksgiving regatta. have passed
away, and there is now every prospect of
its being t c greatest event of the kind
that has ever taken place on San Francisco
Bay.
Mayor-elect James D. Phelan will act as
referee, assisted by Charles G. Yale, who
has acted as referee in so many boat races
of the past.
The races will be rowed in Oakland
Creek, probably the best course on the
coast. The start will be from a point
about a quarter of a mile from tha foot of
Broadway, and will be a mile and a naif
long with a turn, except in the old-timers'
race, which will be three-quarters of a
mile straight away.
The "giants" of Stockton, champion
senior bar^e crew, A. G. Brow, the cham
pion single sculler, and the champion
! junior four-oared crew, all of Stockton,
i will be in competition with the local oars
! men. Tiieie is 1 real cv iosity to see how
j the wonderful four-oareu barge will act on
J the waters of the bay. The Sontn Ends
: are determined to have as sood a boat
I built here if possible, in order to be on
even terms witu the btockton boys.
A very interesting feature of this regatta
wiil be a six-oared cutter race between the
first and second divisions of the Naval
j Reserve. Mr. Pembroke, the P. A. A.
1 rowing Commissioner leels satisfied he
j can obtain a cup or pennant that shall be
I known as a challenge trophy, to be rowed
I for every* year, or twice a year, by crews of
the Naval Battalion. There will also be a
very interesting race between wdl-known
former single-scull oarsmen. Qu.te a
number have promised to try their skill
again.
The programme (subject to changes) will
be about as follows: Four-oared intermedi
ate, senior single scull. Benior four-oared
barge, six-oared cutter race, Naval Re
serve, junior uutrigger skiff race, senior
outrig er skiff race and old-timers' race.
All race boats will be taken over free on
the 8:15 or 9:15 boat, narrow-gauge. The
tirst race Will start at 10:45 a. m. ana
people taking the 10:15 narrow-gauge boat
will be in time to see the start. Mayor
elect Phelan has presented a valuable
silver cup for the single-sculi event and
the Southern Pacilic Railroad has made a
handsome contribution for prizes, while
Auditor Broueiick has also presented a
nne trophy.
Every pr;ze will be valuable and will be
re.idy for the vinner at the conclusion of
the regatta^
Besides the crews from Stockton the
University of California, the Alameda,
South End, Ariel, Dolphin and possibiy
the Pioneer clubs will be represented. It
is the intention to nave the races over in
time for spectators to get lunch and be
I able to see the football game in the aiter
noon between the teams from the Stan
ford and California universities.
MR. WETJEN OUTRAGED,
He Has Written a Communica
tion Concerning a
Rumor.
Which Was, Hs Says, in Keeping
With the Dirty Work by Which
He Was Defeated.
Cord J. Wetjen has written a communi
cation for the information of ris friends
and the publ.c generally, which is as
follows:
Editor Call: I am Informed that some un-
Bcrupulous rascal or rascals circulated a report
thai I had commlued suicide.
The rumor was first circulated Thursday
morning, and notwithstanding that every
effort wuß made by my friends to denyit.it
was persisted in all thai day and the next,
thereby proving that it was something more
tuan a hoax. Myse.i and numerous friends
are endeavoring to trace up the source of this
detestable "joke," and I desire to say to my
in.iiiisauJ.il:- pubic that I expect to have
sufficient evidence in a short time to make
tmiws interesting for those who are guilty of
this dasiardly attempt to ingbten my lamily
and Injure my reputation as a man.
I desire to Miy to my friends, through your
valuable paper, that I have not committed
suiiid- and do not intend to do anything so
cowardly.
Ii the party or parties who are responsible
for this had met witu defeat, they, Denig
coward.*, would in all likelihood have done
what they attribute to me.
All tha'. I cai. ssy is that this is in keeping
witft the dirty wont used to defeat me, and I
firmly believe emanates from toe same source.
When I «ay dirty wort was used to bring about
my defeat, 1 aoso advisedly. I have evidence
in my possession that trickery was resorted to
before and after the election.
1 nope, Mr. Editor, tnat you will give this
letter publicity, 6O that my friends and the
public may know the true state oi affairs, aud
I farther desire to thank my friends for the
valuable assistance given me, and beg of thorn
to take no slow in any rUmor they may hear
concerning me.
THE PISTOL UNLOADED.
That In the Reason 'It- Came Near
; Tailing John Holman's Life .
Johu Holinnn, a special policeman at the
foot of Third street, is a patient at the Receiv
ing Hospital. : He was cleaning ' his pistol
yesterday nfiernoon at bis home, 27 Berry
" treet, and an . overlooked ; cartridge ; was '■ dis
charged. The bullet struck him- above the
right eye, Id a glancing line, and his life was
saved. -: :..'.- -■ ■. . --.'■";: ; *• '■ ■-;.•: .-
The man was said to have been dissipated of
late, and the belief is that he attempted
suicide. ■
♦ ♦ »
CRUSHED IN AN ELEVATOR
Paul Wendorff Lose* His Right Leg in
the Gibraltar Wnrehnns *.
Panl Wendorff, a teamster, had his right leg
crushed yesterday in the sidewalk elevator of
the Gibraltar Warehouse. He had been
drinking, and wuile trying to ioad s rain on
the paaorm he -lipptd, tell and could not re
cover beiore the trap closed upon him.
Lost His Teeth While Hiding.
Jon: E. Kline, a blacksmith, of 1025 Shot
well street, and a bicyclist, collided last night
witb a wagon arivea by J. B. role, at Ninth
and Folsoin streets. Cole was arre<i t d and
booked (or battery at the Foisom-street sta
.o: while Kiine was taken to the Riceivinsr
Hospital to be treated for a contusion of the
lips and the extraction of several broken
teeth.
He Wa« Hit With a Bottle.
M. J. Barton engaged in a barroom row and
was hit on the head with a Dottle in a saloon
at Kentucky and Fourth streets last night.
He is lying at the Receiving Hospital.
AID FOR WORDEN.
The labor Council Prevails on Judge
Maguire ' and Editor Barry to
Intercede for Him.
The San Francisco Labor Council met in
regular session at 1159 Mission street last
evening. Prrisidafit Burns was back again
in the chair.
A notification was received that the
American Federation of Labor will hold
its sixteenth annual convention at Cincin
nati December 14. It was placed on hie
and the question of sending delegates re
niai is undetermined.
The Sailors' p'nion reported that the
threat of the shipowners to reduce wag^s
has been carr.ed imo execution, inasmuch
as an order to that effect has Leeii issued
and will tro into tffect in the near future.
Printers and tlieatrical stage employes
reported that business in their line was
lair. Ttie ironworkers gave an adverse
report.
The S. D. Worden committee reported
that Congressman Jame- G. Mauuire and
Editor James H. Barry had consented to
visit Governor Bndd m his behalf, and
advised that A. Furusetn, secretary of
the Sailors' Union, be sent with them as
a direct representative of the Labor Coun
cil. The report was concurred in and
made jTojrressive.
The resolution committee of the State
Labor Convention will meet Wednesday
ni^ht at 915>2 Market street to draw up a
call to the unions of this City with a view
of solidiiying the labor movement.
SEEKING AN ACCOUNTING.
J. 11. Smith and the Financing or the
Ferries and Cliff House Road.
The case of J. Howard Smith against
the Ferries an l Cliff Railway wa* argued
orally in the Supreme Court yesterday.
The case was submitted once before and
was ordered resubraitied. Mr. Smith
seeks an accounting for the purpose of de
termining how much the road actually
cost, how it was paid for, under what cir
cumstances, and to what amounts stocks
and bonds were issued and how they have
been disposed of, and all other facts con
cerning the financing of the road.
The arguments occupied the entire day,
P. J. Galpin. Mr. Smith, Robert i.
Hayne, E. F. Preston and C. P. Eells, the
lust three named representing the railway
company, being in court.
This litigation has been in progress five
years. The prr.sent phase is a demurrer
which Mr. Smijh asks the Supreme Court
to overrule. The railway company's at
torneys argued in opposition to Mr. Smith
the statute of limitations, and also that
M. Smith, having receive some of the
stock after a certain date, was not qualified
to bring suit against the directors. Toe
case was submit eri.
THE O'MALLEYS Hi JAIL
They Have Again Opened Up
Their Feud With the
McGuires.
This Time the Boss of the House Eas
Whipped Dennis O'Day, His
Landlord.
The O'Malley and McGuire feud has again
.broken out, aad the former (husband and wife),
representing the aggressive faction, are in jail.
The cnarge of assau.t to murder Is booked
against the male O'Malley and the lighter
ctiargeof assault with a d adly weapon stands
against the fair name of Mrs. Margaret O'Mal
ley.
About ten days ago the O'Malleys of Clem
entina street carried on in such high style
th .t Officers Grennan ana Patrick McNamara
found it necessary to drop in upon them.
The unsought-for visit was resented with
broomsticks and other houseaold utensils to
the great discomfiture of the policemen, who
are now nursing broken heads.
This pievious a f f li r is still pending as a
matter to be attended to by the Police Court,
and in the meantime Mr. and Mrs. O'Maliey
have been at large on bail, making further
records for themselves.
Dennis O'Dny, the landlord of the house the
O'Malleys have been occupying, called upon
bis tenants and requested their surrender of
the premises.
Mr. O'Malley met Mr. O'Day and, Punch
like, beat him in good shape with the tail end
of a hod. Mrs. Kate McGuire witnessed the
assault and protested against it, whereupon
she was promptly struck down by Mrs. O'Mal
ley, who was accused of executing a jig upon
her prostrate form.
The O'Mulleys are again unde? arrest in con
sequence of taa deeds just related.
Sutro Baths.
The following special programme has been
prepared for presentation at butro Baths this
and to-morrow afternoons: Fitty-vard race
for boys; 100-yard race, open to all; high
diving by Mhos, Bchulte and Bayly; Juies
Korto, "globe waiker" ard his trick dog
Brownie; the great "bunco" act by "Farmer"
Empey and "Film Flem" Cornell; water polo,
California Swimming Club vs. Del Moute Polo
Club.
BOTH HAD HEART TROUBLE,
THE DOCTOR DIED BUT THE
PATIENT RECOVERED.
An I'nusually Interesting Case That
Borders Upon the Marvelous.
From the Press, < orning, lowa.
Sympathetic heart trouble completely and
permanently cured sounds ike a myih or a
iairy talc, and yei this was actually accom
plished in the case of Miss Jennie Cox of
Corning, lowa. Tnis lady is very enthusi
astic In spt-akinsr of her recovery, and when
a reporter called upon her she readily gave
the following statement of her wonderiul
cure:
"Yes, sir, your information in regard to my
being cured of heart disease is correct. For
tive years I was afflicted with sympathetic
Heart trouble. I would suddenly become
faint, my heart would cease to oeat, and I
ronld scarcely catch my br?ath. I would lie
down, and only by the most arduous and
diligent work could my friends resuscitate
me. These attacks wou d overcome me from
five to six times a week. As you are aware,
heart disease is a malady that is rarely bene
fited and irom which one seldom recovers.
In the hope of receiving mi-dical treatment
that would be beneficial. I consulted with
the ablest physicians in Minneapolis, Minn.,
and, in iact, ail the best vnyMciuns whom I
knew, but none of them could relieve me.
One physician, Dr. Deane, I especially remem
ber, seemed to thoroughly understand my case,
but, i<e the rest, was unable to cure me. He
wns afflicted similarly to myself and told me
we would, no doubt, both die from this com
plaint. He actually di-'d, as he prophesied,
about a year ago of heart disease. One day my
mother saw an advertisement oi Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills for Pale People and without much
hope ot procuring relief, but thinking perhaps
it might benefit nic a little purchnsed a box.
When I had taken haj a box I nevr had
another attack of heart trouble. In order to
be sure, I took three more boxes. This was
a year and a half a«o and up to the present
time I have not had a smg.e attack of heart
trouble. I am- as positive that they cured
me as I am that I stand beiore you ti.is
moment and can truly and consistently recom
mend the remedy to ail suffering witc heart
disease. Inde d, lam only too glad to sound
tiie praises of so worthy a medicine as I con
sider Dr. Wil ams' Pink Pills. When you
take into cousidf ration the fact that my work
in a steam .laundry is, perhaps, the most ag
gravating pf any occupation upon heart dis
ease becHU.se of the heat and consequent lia
bility to fainting spells, you will readily see
how marvelous has been my cure."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements iracessary to
give new l.fe-and richness to the blood and
restore shattc-fed nerves. They are an unfail
ing specific for such diseases as locomotor
a.axia, partial paralyse, St. Vitus' danc*
sciatic*, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous
headache, the after-effect of ia grippe, palpi
tation of i he heart, pala f.nd sallow complex
ions, all forms of weakness either in male or
female. Pink Piils are sold by all dealers, or
will bo sent postpaid on receipt of price (50
cents a box, or six boxe^ for $2 50— they aro
never sold in bulk or by the 100), by address
ing Or. Williams' Medicine Company, Schenee
tady, N. Y.
SEW TO-DAT.
Down
Go the
Wires
• before the gales. (And under tho
force of shocks and strains down
go the human nerves — tangled,
torn and useless. This is nervous
prostration. The man is limp
as a bunch of seaweed. , It lost
Napoleon the battle of Leipsic '
and his Empire. Professional
and business men are crippled by
, it. They see lions in the way;
the simplest scheme scares them.
The. nimble linemen string up
the wires, and
Vino-Kolafra
the great African tonic, does tho
same for the nerves. It strength-
ens them at their centre — tho
brain. The heart is newly em-
powered and regulated, tho
. muscles respond to the will, fear
and dread vanish, and the suf-
ferer is soon ready to grappla - .
with anything. No alcohol is
needed. Use Vino-Kolafra only.
No reaction, no bad after-effect.
, Result natural, real, wholesome.
Brunswick Phormacal Co. f,
pa William f*trfi*t, New York ■
From Maine
To California
Live people who owe their sound health
to Doctor Cook— people cured by him of
J?=^ . Female Complaint,
lj(lj(ff~^\ Sexual or Seminal
m:fq . _sdl Weakness, Gonorrhoea,
Wyi 'J&s\Y ' Gleet, Stricture, Vari-
j\»Vi /,9|Ll cocele, Hydrocele, Fis-
fT* w: tula, Piles, Rupture,
X\l y^Jjl/' . Chronic Catarrh, Blood
Jfck \^fSp^ and' Skin Diseases, and
*$§$$$ "£?s *<&* Functional Diseases of
.■■- ',v. • the Heart, Lungs. Liver,
Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary
Organs. Scientific examination" carefillly
conducted under the X.KAY. Office
hours: 9 to 12 a. m. and 2to 5 and 7to 8
p. m. ; Sundays 10 to 12 a. m. only. : If you
cannot call write immediately. Address
DOCTOR COOKsa^l^^ki.
NO MOI jFFEfiiMG,
WE MAKE • A SPECIALTY *OP 'CXTBIITa
TV Catarrh, Rheumatism, Epilepsy and all
Chronic Blood. Skin, .Nervoas and Special Wasting
Diseases of both sex?s. Piles, Fistulas and Stric-
tures cared without the knife. Special attention
given 10 all Female Ms uses. Only qualified
physicians and pTtreons in attendance. All or-
respondence ' coutidentiaL CUKE» GUARAN-
TEKU. CALL OK WRITE. CONSULTATION
FREE. Hours— B a. m. 10 Bp. if. Address
EUREKA DISPENSARY
23 Kearny St., San Francisco. .
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
iS A POWERFUL APHhODISIAC AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orsrtns
of Loth sexes; i.nd si great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits;
no long-winded testimonials nece sary. .
. MABEK, ALFS & BBUNE, Agents,
323 Market St.. S. IT.— (Send for Circular)
IScMUNN'S g% Oil! HI!
elixir of vriyifi
The pure essential extract from the native drug-. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without >ta noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach
no Tt>mlt:ng ; no costivenees ; no headache. All Druggists.
T.HE
WEEKLY
CJILL
Vi-*" 111 R— \
ol It Publishes the Cream of the
w News of the .Week and
=»< MAN Y attractive AND
o{ , original FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
P\ PAPER ON THE
j Z>(. PACIFIC COAST /
• 3 Always Republican, but Always
'rjj Fair and - Impartial in Its
' Rendering of the '. Po-
p\. litical- News.'
'ol It's the Paper to Send East if
oc You Want to Advertise
! 3 California. ■ .
3 \ " / '■.['.■ '"■'■■■■"
"3 The Best \ : - / Mining
I 3 Telegraphic \/ News That
j°) : Service on /\ Is Accurate
<=»< ' The Coast / \& up to date
H / \
!°S Not a Line of it Sensational .
©< J--; j or Faky/and Not a Line of
c* it Dry or Uninteresting.
3 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
0/ Brijrht, Clean, -A Champ on of
1 Thoughtful. ;. -z.; Truth. •
3 ; A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 t 1 ALL THE TIME. V
I 2 IT ADVOCATES . I SENT BY
CT\ ;: HOME MAIL, 51.50
I =X INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
i 5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR |LL
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Nineteen failures last week.
Silver firmer.
Another advance In Wheat.
Barley and Corn higher.
Oats and Rye firmly held.
Home change in Beans.
liay firm.
Veletables doing better.
Cranberri s advanced.
Grapes bringing more money.
Poultry continues abundant.
Butter not so weak.
Choice Ergs steadier.
New Cheese doing better.
Dried Fruits and Raisins still firm.
Hams. Bacon a: d Lara sell well.
Hops and Wool s'.eady.
HI tes aud Leather unchanged.
Hogs advanced.
Steam Coat steadier.
Circulation of Gold Colo increased.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
Trie Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 19
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
srr tbe week ending yesterday as compared with 30
for the previous week and 25 for the corresponding
weeKor 1895. The failures ara dlvideo among tbe
trades as follows: 3 saloons. 2 arugs, 1 boots and
shoes, 3 gen ral stores. 1 d y goods a;>d clothing. 2
groceries and liquors, 2 hotels, 1 bicycles. 2 tai
ors. 1 publishing company and 1 distillery com
pany.
GOLD COIN" MOVEMENT.
The movement of Gold Coin at San Francisco
tor October was as follows:
Paid for duties f 446 800
Exported 172,400
Total withdrawn f6IM.£OO
Coined in October 6,727,500
Added to local circulation f5, 108,300
For tbe first ien months of the year the move
ment was is follows:
Paid for du.ies f4, 308, 300
Exported 11.422 800
Total withdrawn 816,729,100
Coined same time 22,233,000
Added 10 local circulation f8,603.9i>0
There was added in the same time last year the
sum of 510,715, 700.
Expisnanoß.
The arrow flies with the wind. Tbe top flgnrsa
at station indica.e maximum temperature for tbe
days; those underneath it. if any, tbe amount ot
rainfall, ot melted snow in inches and buudredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dolled lines, equal temperature, ihe
word "hich" means hleh tarometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
nfers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" ns ally firs! appear on tbe Wasblnetoo
coasi. When tbe pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Orpgon Is Irnprok
able. Wlih a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coa*'. warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse *f these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHEIt LUREAtJ REPOIIT.
United states Department of Aeßictri/
tdre, Weather Burrau, San Francisco. Nov.
6, 189ti, 6 p. it.— Weather condittous and general
forecast :
'ihe following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Kurena 54. Fresno 62, San Diego 66, Red Bluff
62, San Luis Obitpo 72, Yuma 74, San Francisco
62, Los Angeles 72..
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature 62.
minimum 49. mean 56.
T. c pressure has risen during the past 24 hours
over the Kocky Mountain nd plateau regions. It
has fallen ou the coas: of Washington «nu Oregon.
Tbe temperature has fallen slightly over Nevada
and southern California. Tne weath> r has been
generally clear over California, Nev»da and Ari
zona. Conditions are favorable for warmer
weather, with increasing cioud:nes> Satur ay
generally on the Pacific Slope.
Maximum wind velocities of 34 and 80 miles an
hour from tbe east are reported at Tatoosh Is and
and Foil c'anby.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight November 7, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, excep- in
the extreme nor.hwestern port. on, where cloudi
ness and possibly ral will occur; warmer in the
northern portion: fresh sout her.y winds.
Southern California— I- air Sa ur.lay; warmer
Saturday night; light, variable wind*."
Ne va<ia— Fair Saturday; warmer in the northern
portion.
Utah— Fair Saturday; warmer in the northern
portion.
Arizoua— Fair Saturday: continued cool|weather.
ban Francisco and vlciuilv— Fair Baturda , wilh
increasing cloudiness Saturday niiiht: fresh west
erly winds.
ALEIA.VPER O. MOADIR,
Loca. Forecast Official.
NtW \OBK MARKJiTi.
Financial.
NFV YORK. N. V., Nov. 6 -The stock market
broadened considerably and th»re was a good de
mand for securities throughout the session. The
opening was active and strong, the reports current
yesterday about a w-.r with Spain over Cuban
matters and rumors of the election of Bryan
electors In Indiana and Kentucky fai Ing to ma
terialize. Thes rumors demoralized the market
at tbe c ose yesterday. In : ddkion to ihe denial
of the sens.itional stories referred lo there ame
encouraging advxes irorn Europe as to the stand
ing ot foreign Investors in regard to the American
securities, an increased disposition on the par: ot
the capitalists to em;)loy their funds, the upenins
of mlUs and factories ihrougbout the country, the
resumption of dividends by the Chicago Gas Com
pany and stHteme ts that the sound-money men
will contro: the United states Sena c.
Business was on an enormous scale, the sales of
stocks aggregating 499,1/7 shares and railway
and mi cellaneous bonds $3,963,000. The improve
ment in the usua ly active list ranged frnm 14 to 4
percent. General Klectrlc rose 3; Burling ou and
Qulncy, 2%: Chicago Gas. 3V4: **v Pau;, . y±\
Kock Is'tnd, 234; Manhattan, 'I\\\ Louisvllie
and Nashville, xy 2<2 < Keadinu, lßJi*: Term- s<ee
Coal, 2%; leather preferred, 2 toeiSß/»; Rubber,
2: do pi«ferred. aVa: Northwestern. 1%: wv»t
ernlnlon, %. Sugar whs feverish. It opened at
llSVfe&lzl, dropped to 1 18V2 and rallied toll9T/ g .
In the late trading the sbarp rise in wheat enc ur
aged further buying in stocks, and near the close
speculation was stronz, with prices at or near the
top of tbe day.
In tbe inactive issues Edison General Electric
rose 2*4; Illinois Sieel, ?Vfe: New York and New
Haven, ri, und Tooacco prefer ed, 9.
Bonds were active and buo ant- Sales footed
up $3,963,000. Atchlson general fours rose . yB.y 8 .
Chesapeake and Ohio general four and a halts.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMtELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
: - - .- ■ . BBA2TCH OFFICX :.\. ■' ' '-.'■- ■■ Xv'.
623 Market St. , Palace Hotel. v Tel. Mala • 5828.
PUEDI t ATKINSON Managers. ;
Orders 'instantly executed on latest market as*.
«.«^ IOBS - Reference Ist National Bank, d. F. ■--
CHICAGO. !>KIVAfIL WIRg. . MtW YORK.
W. A CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARKETS!! NEW YORK STOCKS!!
FaBfc eTsi l ?#^i,Vir : ♦•<» Service,
STKICTI.Y: COmSu-SION ' >
Private and Bank references quoted on application
X 1 ? V; • 3 1f c 3 s lon *B" IMe >"y St.. Safe Uei os t Bid
HI. Main 17*1. • 'Private Parlor for Ladies
2%: Chicago and -Northern Pacific fives certifi
cates 1%: Edison Illuminating! of .New York
con sol nves..6V4: Brooklyn Hupid .Trans t fives,
l s /i; Fort Worth and Denver City sixes certifi
cates, 2;. Louisville, New Albany and Chicago
consol sixes, 3: Ontario and Western fours. 4;
Northern Pacific thirds, 3: Heading, 1%"- Texas
Pacific seconds. • li/b : Union Elevated sixes,' 2;
Wabasb debenture, aeries H, 2y 2 .
In GoTernment bonds $69,000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 119V^@120, and $11,000 do regis
tered 120.
Grain.
FLOOR — Firm. • Winter wheat, i low : grades,
52 25@3. 85: do fair to fancy, $3 25@4'30:
do patents. $ 1 6004 90: Minnesota clear, *.-((£
4; do straits $3 90@4 25: ■ do patent*,
53 85@4 90: ■ low extras, *2 20@3 25; city mills,
$4 40(54 60: do patents, $4 90@a 15. 1 Kye flour—
Firm ; $2 80@3 10.
CoKNMEaL— Quiet, firm; unchanged.
RYE-Western, 39% c c It. Buffalo.
BARLEY— Firm: 27i/4@27i^c. c I. I Buffalo-
WHEAT— Active, stronger; No 2 red f. o. b.,
891.4 <•; ungraded red, 78@90c: No. 1 Northern,
8oy 8 c -
Options active and j excited, advancing 4(§
41, c. December and May roost active. in a " rea,
January, 861/»c: .March, 88y 8 c: May. 87% c; No
vember, S.i^iC; Dc ember, b»%c-
COKN— Quiet, firmer. No. ii. 31@31Vic: ele
vator: 31%@32c afloat.
Options were dull. firm, at %@%c advance.
December and May only traded tu. November,
30% c; December, 31 %c; May, 35c.
— Dull, firm.
Op: ions firm, dull; December, 2 3^4c.
.-pot prices: No. 2.23 c: No. 2 white. 25c:
No. 2 Chicago, '.Me: No. 3.28 c: No. 3 white, 23c;
mixed Western, 22@24c.
Provisions.
LARD— Weak, quiet: Western steam. $4 50
asked; city. 94 20@4 25: December, 94 40 nomi
nal. Refined, quiet; Continental, *4 SsO; ' South
American, $5 2~: compound, 4%<^4%c.
PORK— DuII, weak: new mess. < 8 60 a.9.
BUTTEK— Steady; choice fairly active: Western
dairy, 8@12%c: do creamery, 12V2(5)20c: do fac
tory, 7(S)l2c; Elgins, 20c; imitation creamery,
lOiAMlle.
CbKKSE— Quiet, firm; part skims, 3!U@6%c:
full skims. 2^@3c. • - •■ - - -
touts— Firmer; fancy scarce; icehouse, 15@16c;
Western, tresh. 19@21c; do, case, $2 90(s>4 60;
limed. 14y a Olsc.
TaLLou —Firm, better demand; city, 3%c;
country. 3%®3%c.
COTTONHEhI) OIL-Nominal; crude, 22c; yel
low prime, 26c
KlCK— Firm, good demand; domestic, 3%@6c;
Jaran, / 4@4Vi ••
Mi-i_A&oiiS>— Firm: New Orleans, 25@35c.
COKFKK— Easy, 10 to 15 points down; No
vember. 910 20; Decem' er. 910 05@10 10: Janu
ary. *10 07; March, 91C@10 10: May, Slo@lo 15;
June, $10 15: July, $10 ll)@10 15; September,
910 15.'ai 10 '20. Spot h.o. übii, easy; No. 7. 10% c
SUGAK-Quiet, unchanged; off A, 3%@4c:
mold A, 4Vijc: standard A, 4 Vic; confection
ers' A, 4i/ 8 c; cut loaf, 4%c: crushed, 4%c; pow
dered, 41.3 c; granulated. 4y*c: cubes, 4V&C.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTB-Bags, 9@llc *
PEA CHEb— Peeled, bags, 13®14c; dounpeeled.
7<i9c
PRUNES— Four sizes, boxes. s%®sVic
RAISINS — wo ■ crown j.M.. 3 Vie 3-crown
S%;c do -crown, 6^-4'; do London layers
ola, 91 15@1 .6: do new, $1 35@> 40; do clusters,
old, $1 25<al 40.
HOPS— Firm, fair demand; Pacific Coast. 8@
12% c. • .
\VOOL— Firm; Domestic fleece, 16@23c; pulled,
18&31 c; Texas, 7®l2c.
Merchandise.
Tin IRON— Quiet, firm: American. «10 26®
12 50. .
COPPER— Quiet, firm: lake. s»10 85rtBll. .
JUI- Firm; domestic, i»a 8714<g,2 92V,. ' V
TIN — Firm: siraits, 912 80012 90; plates,
firm, moderate demand.
fcPELTEK— Firm: domestic, 93 90£4.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CBICAGO. Tt.i.. Nov. 6.-The bull sentiment
in wheat, which *ufter.'d by yesterday's decline,
was fully restored at the opening to day, and
during the aessl in increased In intensity. Liver-,
pool not only disregarded our yesterday's w<a'<
ness, but was quoted firm and i.^ii higher at the
s. art and cioted 1 i,4d hieher. At the same time
a notably strong stock market at New York con
vey.-d confidence o grain ad indued considerable
buying. The N. rrhwes: rt-cipts. 684 cars, being
much smaller than on last Friday or on the cor
responding d*y in 3 895, were of importance In
determining the cou se of th» market. Receipts
1 1 Chicago were ligh at 87 cars, and* 17,000
bn?bels were taken from store.
St. Louis and other outside markets were up
and, apparently so, independent of Cbicnco.
Necessarily tbis but added to the buying ardor
a.d served to keep prices jumping. Exports tvn«
light, only 113,273 bushels clearing, nil Conti
nental markets were lower. In the last fifteen
minutes the day'n bul.«e culminated, December,
touching "^•/8 . The opening on thai option was
from 75 to 751.4 c, the range being between 74%
and 78S/ B e. and the close at 78@78Vic. 3% *4c
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts lor
to-morrow 113 cars. No. 2 red spot ranged from
79% to 84S/ c, closing from 83 to 84c.
C'»i;N —vv as urged upward by • the strength of
the speculative tone of the larger market. There
was no independent motive for sirens?, or firm
ness in the situation and consequently there was
an utter absence of enthu«laim to the buying.
Receipts were 3.8 <ars and 353 751 busbeis were
ia*en from sure. Liverpool cab quoted i/*a
advance. Export clearances were 550 786 bushels.
May corn opened from 28 V2 0 to 8S' B e. so d be
tween 28V4@-9yBC closing at 29® .9' » , ! }i@%c
higher than yesterday. Es.ima.etl receipts tor
to-morrow 3.0 cars.
OAT: — PartooK of the firmness of wheat, but
was lsc»ln« in activity, so thai prices moved in a
slugsisb manner. Receipt* were 368 cars. There
were no withdrawals from store. .May oats closed
1 /2@ 6 /8 l: higher than yesterday. Estimated re
c in» f r to-morrow 26- cars. . . •
LAX— Was weak. Cash, 7IVi@73V3C: De
cember, 72%@73c; May, 79@80y 2 c. Receipts 69
cars.
PROVISIONS— The best that could be said of
provisions ■■■as that they were steady. . Ihe run of
bogs was lleht and that market s rone. This, with
the effervescing quality of wheat, suilic- d : to sus
tain product.' January pork closed be higher, Jan
uary lard unchanged and January ribs '-Vie
hieber. . • .-. - .... . . .
BUiTER — The butter market • was slow and
steady to-day. Baies were few and scattered. - Of
ferings and demand were Dotit moderate.
Creameries— Extras. 18c 9 lb: firsts. 16@17c;
teconus, 1 ial4C: .imitations, fancy, 12®13c.
dairies— Extras, J.6c: ttrsis, 13;'<414c-. secouus. V<j)
10c - Ladles — Extras. I>y 2 @loc: firsts, 6^si. 8
IwiraTg block, 8c: grease, '■£ J tfi@2SC; roll Duller,
Iltol2c. ■ ..,.,.,..•.,
EUCjS— Were firm. Offerings were light And the
buying rather brisk. Fresh stock.- 1 ?y 2 " per dozen.
-■ 1 p.m. ■» — Was steady- at 7 % for Doth call a. id
time loans. New York exchange sold at 40c dis
count,
. Cloning Prices. . ,
TVHBAT— November, 76% c; December, 78@
78y 8 o; May. «2»^c.
— Novemoer, 2t%:; December, 25Vic:
May, 28@29y B e. ' •-■ ■_ •-: :
OAI-— moer. 18^ic: December, 19140;
May, 221/4- • .-..-- --.-■ *
1 ■ Ik- December, $6 95: January. *7 85; May,
98 20.
. . . • — December. 94 07%: Januarr. *4 30;
May, 94 f>2V». -'- >. ■■■■■
1 .■■ . -.- ... moer, 93 76; January. 93 87iA:
May, 94 07^.
Livestock.
UNION PTOCKYARD-*. iix, . Nov. 6.-There
whs the usual small Friday's run of cattle to-day,
and under a i-ood demand prices were 'stronger.
Only llgh • offerings of hogs and a good demand
resulted in firmer prices in that market. In some
instan es au advance of 5c was . noted. Trade in
sheep was active at. an advance of 10c. The re
ceipts were moderate.
CAVl.L.K— iiecemtv 3000. ' Fancy beeves. 96 15
@5 25: choice .0 orime-1300 to 1700 B. steers.
♦4 7£'a.s 10: good to choice steers. 1200 10 1600 lt>.
14 ;-Js:n4 70; medium steers. 1200 10 1400 B>. S4 10
If 4 Hi: fair beef steers. 1000 10 IHOO lbs.' 80(4
4 00; corcmoa beef steers. 83 40@3 75; good to
choice siocker* and feeders, 900 10 1260 Ib. *3 :-,ow
3 70: fair to i.ood do. 600 to 875 tt>. sj 6&««
» 25: bulls, choice to extra, 930^60: .bulls,
poor to choice. $2 OU@2 90: cows una hrlfer*.
ciioire to prime. 93 60(a4 00; cows, lair to choice,
S2 26103 40; < own, common 10 fair canners. 91 Hi a,
2 lit; calves, good 10 choice. 95 60(aJS 00: calves,
common to eood. iS 00 a > 25: Texas grass steers
(2 7!)(ff3 .5: new steers, , 92 7503 40: . Western
range steers, Vit 00(^4 0&; Western range r cows
ana heifers. $2 261&3 60; milkers and springers
'? head, 125(340. ■
hogs— Receipts. 20.00 a Heavy pac^ln* ana
rl.lpplni: Jots. 93'20(A8 60: common to choice
mixed. 93 20®3 60: choice assorted. $0 40»
. 60. nebu *3 -20&3 55: pigs. *2 5U«3 50
KEP— Kecei^iia. 9IMJU. »ut«in« 10 cuo.ee,
< 20003 40; lauibps. #3 00.50 ).
..Receipts at Omaha.'
SOUTH OMAHA, NXBR.. Nov. 6.— HOGB—
Receipts, 8100. Market steady at yesterday's
close. Light and mixed, 93j6@j:iO; he»vy.
93 06<i3 20 ■ • '
CATTLK-Recelpts. 1300. Market very active:
higher; nothing good, steers. 93 25&4 25; cows.
91 25@3 00: teeder.s, $2 76<53 61).
*llti'.P— Receipts, 2100; market . stronger.
Sheep, $3 10; lambs, 93 40.
i : ;I- ;:| KeceipU at Kansas City. -
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Nov. 6 — HOGB— Receipts
7600. Market = active. Ll:ht and pigs. 93 30
o*4o. medium. 93 2503 35. heavy. 93 16®3 30.
TLK— Receipts. 4300. Market strong. Na
tive steers, best. 94 2004 80: fair to good, 93 10
<§ps 4 10; I bulls, Cl b602 ;.O; stockers and feeders.
9- 6003 80: Texas and Western, $'J 6003 7.» •
calves. 94<&4 10: cows and heifers, ■■ best, 92 80®
8 -0; far 10 .ood. 91 60@2 80. ' j
-Receipts, 1100. - Market strong.
1 BUN'S BEVIJEW OF TRADE. ( .
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.-R. G. Dun ft Co.
will say to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
A ereai revolution has been effected this wee* In
tbe conditions which control business It could
not be in any fair decree reflected as yet In tran
sactions or 011 records, but there is ample evidence
already that a crushing weight has been lifted and
roll, d away and the business world has adjusied
Itself to a state of freedom a id security which it
bas not known for years, and new contracts iu
volvinn many millions have become bindine since
theelecUo.i. The ru h for stocks oi. \Vedne,Ja^
lifted the average for all railways 91 16 per nharo
in a sinWe day and trust sioc s $1 54 an d I
many of the most active the advance was so sud-
Cen that heavy sales for realising caused some re
action.
Ihe wild advance of over Sc in wheat on Mon
day and wed lies ay was also fo lowed by real
izing aud declined on Thursday, but tbe Instant
vanishing of the premium of gold whlcn liud
reached about 2 per cent, ihe unlocking of mauy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
millions which had been hoarded, and tlip collapse
of the interest rate from 8 and 12 to 6V4 per cent
and the greal demand for American . stctirl.les on
foreigti account are suns of more lasting promise.
It. w»- not strictly logical that wheat aJvanced
5c aud heavy realizing of :, profits showed percep
lion ■of ■ the fact, Western ' receipts were only
6,087,159 bushel*, aralusl 8 019,910 lusty ear. and
Atlai.tU exports, flour Included, were ouly 1,588.
-358, against 1,790,833 last year. -
. A crowing disposition appear-, among farmers to
hold wheat for better prices than are now realized,
although at prose if any advance checks buying
for export, -r- peculation In cotton was also excited
on the theory that mills won id now start up and
would make a large demand for goods, but the ad
vance was met by realizing sales and a slight reac
tion. It will be all the better for business If orient
hopes do not hoist prices too fast. i The election
immediately stiffened prices Of pig iron, which
reached SI 2 at Plltsuurg for bessemer, and the
certainty that, many - orders ; for buildings and
bndse* and other finishi-d forms would now be
come operative caused some advance.
- 1 lie future or this trade depends upon the ex
tent of increase in the demand for ' finished prod
ucts of iron : and steel, which is lively to |g- ma
ter. ally affected by the cou se pur»u*d ; by various
combinations, ihe billet pool, which is 9 ill openly
undersold at Plttsburg i-nd has caused do end of
dis.urbance in business by favoring one class of
prudujers to the detriment of another, has oeen
In session here and Is suia to have changed Its
b»s:s oi allotment so as to secure fairer results.
The nail cumblnat.ou is now threatened with a
hostile league of jobbers and producers and is
openly undersold. -.The bar cumb'ina.lon, notwith
standing Us large rebate, is still demauulng more
han Hit- prices at which steel bars are sold In
great quantities. A slight advance in sheeting*
and print cloths is the only change which yet ap
pears In the marker for cotton goods, and ptactl
caily no change has yet appeared in woolens.
Failures for the week have been 230 In the
United States against 280 last year, and 52 in
Canada against 49 last year.
BANK CLKAUINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 6.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
November 6, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradßtreet's:
Percentage
Cities. , - Amount. Inc. Dec.
'New York . *571.b7b.332 7.4
Boston 102.494,613 4.2 ......
Chicago '..... 77,399, JOO 24.1
Philadelphia 66,262,353 ....... 25.2
St. Louis . 17,913.^49 33.9
PHtsburg .. 11.699.618 18.8
San Francisco 12.571.50 d 14.6
Baltimore. 13.901,460 4.6 ......
Cincinnati 10,157.300 ...... 24.0
Kansas City 7.865,441 30.7
New Orleans 9,618,117 17.0
Minneapolis 9,232.883 21.6
U;ro 6.153,363 24.2
Louisville _ 6,405,640 20.5
Cleveland 5,-'4H,739 ■-•2.6
Milwaukee 4.804.884 10.7
Baft 10 3,«49,354 22.4
Omaha :..; 5.5^4.718 ...... 20.7
Denver.. - 1.:0.'.-*bl 54 4
Los Angeles 1.017.846 42.0
Portland, or...... 1.384 5,8 7.3
Salt Lake.....:. 1,2i:7,y58 22.2
He . D ....'.'.". 441.160 4.3
Tacoma 643.797 ..;...
Seattle 487.415 ...... 11.7
bpoKane.» 624,658 ,17.0 .......
Totals U. 8 8991.562,005 ...... 12.0
Outside of New YorK -
City » 419,773.733 176
DOMINION Or CANADA.
Total $24,081,463 0.7 ......
NEW lOlttt STOCKS.
Bondi, Exchange, Money and. Railroad
■ Shares.
oner on call e»sy at 4<as*: last loan at 4% and
closing offered at 4j>. I'nme mercantile paper, 6
fd7';. bar tuver, «>4%c Mexican dollars, 6UV<||
(a,5. 2 c. . (sterling l.xchause. firmer, with actual
business in bankers' bills .at &4 81% for sixty
days and $4 86 for Jemand.- Posted rates. $4 M.' : /3
@456- commercial bills, *4 80Vs@4 81. Govern
ment bonds higher: btate bonds dull, and firm:
railroad bonds buoy am. sliver at the board firmer.
AmTMACtblc... BO .' Norfolk <* WMtrn.i.H
Atchlson 16 Preferred... 17
Preferred.. .... 26 I .Northern Pacific. . li>%
Express... 149 Preferred.... 245,,
Alton. Terre Haute 66 | Northwestern 1043 /4
American txpressll2 ,1 1 referred .147
AmerlcanToDacco. 79 s /4 N. Y. Central...... 95
Preferred 103 |N.Y..Cblca«o«fcAL. 73V4
rayStateGas...... 16 | Ist preferred 73
laltlmore&Ohlo.. ltVs>! Id preferred 30»- 4
Brunswick Land!.. % : N. V.tN.ll. 179
* unaia Koch &f . 11 N. Y. & New Km. 45'<4
Canada Paclttc... 6" N. V.,Sujq* W... 10%
! Canada .^outnern.. 49% Preferred. 27%
; Canton Land ...... GO% Ontario BVi
' Central Paanc... 14*/* Ontario A Westers ISVs !
Cbes. it 0hi0.......' i7V* Oregon ImproTmnt . IVi
Chicago Alton 162 Preierred
. Preferred 166 , Oregon Navigation -0
I Cfiica^o AX. 111... 46 Orecon Short Una. IS
Preferred. .... 9.i Pacific Mai1........ 2i% i
i Chicago. B. at a... 81% 1 eoria. U. & Rvaot 2^i
ChlcasoOas 77%|pntsours & W. ptd 15
1 Cleve<t l'lttsbnri".". 1'" ;i ullman Palace.... *50Vi
{ Consolidation CoaL 32 Quicksilver. .. " 1
• Consolidated Uaa..ls3V: Preferred. ........ 12
i C. C. C. <£ »U LouU bOVi Kenaine.'...; ...... 30%
Preferred. ...80- U.ioUmnde&Westa lb
I Colo. Fuel & iron.. 21% Pxeferr»d 40
Preferred £0 Kock Island .... 7'2y»
\ Cotton Oil Cert .... 16 8 / i Borne Wat&Ogaen. 11l
Commercial Cable. 146 fct. L. & h. W 4'
i Dei. Hudson ."..l^«Vs Preferred.. lo^a
Del.LacV&Westm. IJH&s, Et. Paul 7h%
Denver 4R. 12Va Preferred.... 129
Preferred. 45V<|H. Paul A Dulatb. 22
Distillers Preferred SO
General Klactrlo... S3Vg bt. Paul & Omaba. 42%
trie 17 ! Preferred......... 121
Preferred 38 tv P.M. Ail. 109
FortAVayne. 459 s- liver Certificates. ••' l /4
treat Northern pfd!ls southern Pad d 0... 1 3
Green Bay ■< '/a southern i- U J<^'Vi
Harlem. 278 • Preferred. 29
Hocking C0ai...... Keflnerr ....11V%
Hocklnt Valley.... 1 .'/»: Preferred... ....102 ■
80me5take.:. ...... 34Va lenn. Coal <S. lroo. 3034
B. lexascenu.. , Preferred. HO
• Illinois Central..... 96 'Texai Pacific 9V»
iowa Central "■ 7Vfe iol.A.A.&.VMich.
Preferrea.... 32Va lot. A Ohio ceuu . 20
Kansas A Texas... 13*'s , Preferred......... 60
Preferred 2bW Tol.Su Louis* K.G. 5
Kingston A Pern... a \ Preferred.. _ 15
LhK»-Erie a Westo 10 ' Colon Paci no UVj
Prelerred.... 7lVi'U. P. Den A UOU.. S l ,-2
Lake!snore .150 it. b. coraac* 6Va
j National Lead 26% Preferred. 10
Preferred 89Vs Ouaranteed ...... 2l»
Island 62 I', K. Kxprass...... 44
> Louisville A Nasa. 51 3 /i is.- Leather 10<V's
I Louisville Na«JH IV* Preferred. 6BVs
Preferred. ....... H . t. Kubber....... 2 V 3V 3
Manhattan Con sol. 97»/« Preferred. 77%
| Memphis A Char.*. 15 I tlc.i & 11. River.. 150
exlcan Central. . 91 \\ »b. b. l. A I'ac . 71/2
illchlpai Central.. 90 i Preferred. 17^
Juinn<&&L. — I W"€>llB-KarRO. ... 90
Pre-.erred — i Western Union.... 86Vi
UlnnASu Lcona. :8V« W isconsln Central. A
J«t preferred 76 IWheenn? AL.is . 71/4
Ho preferred 47 1 Preferred . 80%
A! Iraouri Pacific.... 24%1im Cotton OUpfl. 693/ i
Mobile <fc 0hi0... . 23 W. \j. Beef 714
r-«ihville<fe Chau. t^H;Aiin Arb0r......... IOV2
Nktionai Unseed.. 17 Preferred. 24
N. J. Centra 1........ 107^ I rooklyniraoUoa. 24%
ourui Aiuoxiuan... hue -a i«4. ....'. 22V»
njw!>-< wry«. .
Ala Class a4a ....101 (.Northern Pac lsts. 115
' Do Class H 4. 65.. 101 I»o2ds 112
Alabama, ciua* C !<fi . Jol-ids. . 73
Atcnuon4s 79y a Do consoles.'.*!". siVi
I>o2ds A... ..... 4i>i - 2 (..improvement Ist 78
C *iiadasou:h2ds.. "-t-J'-i Do 6s ' 17
Ccii Pac 1 slant '9s. 102 iP. & N lsta. 110
Ctierokefi 4s. 1896.101 ' 1 o ?onnol &s" "... 83
Do 1897...:....;.101 - Or short Line 65... 112
to 1898 101 Do cons 6s... .. 66
Do 1899 ...101 r«afic«ssof97...:lol
t'fces* Ohio fas.... 107 iih.laA eadln? 4s. 80
j Ibd-N PTr Kctsss <4 | Do lsi Ifd Incam. «9%
DC3-665... ........ 109 V4 J:GrandeWestls» 75>,J
I Den & •'. Ist 11l IMLAlronMtOenSi 76
i ..DO 45.;.-...;..— ;; 89W> L ASF Uen 6s. 10554
1 E, 1 ??.'"* 6* Va 1 Paul Consols. .. 125
I FtWAUenOltylsts 60 MPC APa lsts... 1 16
I *>H *ha Us .i 91 Carolina 100
! D02d75.......;..100 fcomhern KK6s... 90%
I Gen Klec Deb bs. .. 90 Do Pac Cal Ist*.. 107
I «* lex Cent, 6«.. 110 jj nn new 3»;...... 78
- Docontts. 87% lexasFaclno l«u. 86%
Jowa Cen: ral lsts.. 96 1 t-xas Pacific 2ds. .
Kansas P» consols 71% I. nlon Pac lsts 90.102
f'; fcJ 'U rtiviOß IMI reg of 1.125.119^4
1 • Contol 45....... 95 . lo4s, coupon.... HO
Missouri funding...— r X«. r »e of 1907.103' i
tC '' M " . . ~69 'Do 4«. coupon..;. 109
.. A>o **■■ :'..'■** 1 < »5..:......... 85
Mobile A Ohio 'ii.'. 67 :Dt65....... ....111%
iiDtual Union 65.. .106 1 c as. coiiboo...- 1 1 1 Vi
•i J Cent Gen 6.1... 106 V» lundlnc dent... 69T*.
« Louis 4s 103 Jo registered ■
NonfcWest Gen 65.116- I <O*rre.d 6* 6
-^ taroilna con 45.. 96 Do trust rcpis se. 7%
K^0U5.........;...ii4 Waoasn lsi 65..... 106
Norttjwest Consols. 136J,i West tsnor* 4*..... 6
**> «« 6«........i06 - .
lOKtli,A MAKKBT3. -
■ ■ __^ - t
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL
IiIVF.RPOOL. Knb.. Nov. 6.— The spot market
is higher at 7s sd@7s 6<l. Cargoes firm at 85s Od.
sellers, prompt shipment.
1 . -': . . ■ . ' '. " FUTOBRB. >. ,
The Produce Excbar. cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 K»-d Winter. No
vember. 6s H'/td; December. 6sM. 4 d; January, 6s
BV4<>: February, 6s BV4 i; March, 63 BV4<l.
:' •. ■ Hi", BKCI'BITIKS. • r
LONDON, . Kng.. Nov. 6.. — Consols. 109%;
silver, 29 16-10 d: French Rentes. 102f 70c . '
. I.X(.HAN(,L AND BULLION.
Pterllncr Exchange, 60 days... ' _ S4 81
Sterling Kxch«nge, sight ...„.;.;' •■ — '« 4 84J/»
(sterling Cables.;...-.. :...........„..,_ 4 85
New York Exchange, 51ghL.V...... — . Par
New.York Exchange, lelegr»Dhlo.. — Par
Fine silver, f* 0unce..";....- . -....-•—■ t4Va
Mexican D011ar5...... ""'... — " 61 .
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT AM. o-MlhK GRAINS.
WHEAT-Tht Warertree takes :for Cor* 72,
-267 cils, valued at $101,200.
.*. Futures * advanced ? 3VsjC' yesterday.' morning In
sympsth with an advance East and abroad, and
spot prices we re also higher.'.- 1 here : is ■ very little
California Whea. offering at vie moment, and
most of the train on the market Is from 1 Oregon
and Washington.' as a rule the views of ho. tiers
art; ' considerably above those •of shippers. , >])ot
Wheat ranged from $1 37Vato$l 4'.Va ioraveiaee
No. 1, 91 45 for choice I and $1 47Vi(s>l 60 for ex
tra choice for milling.
< CAM. BOARS vai.fi.
. Informal 'i-iesioN— 9:l s. o'clock— May— 4000
ctls, $1 6.; 16,000. »1 611,4 :> 12,000, 91 51%;
40U0. $1 51»/ ; 2000. 61%: 4000, 91 50%;
2000, 91 50V> ■ ■ ■ ■" -■ -
Mcconp kssios- — May 2000 cUs. 91 52;
6000.81 511,4; 4000. $1 51%.
Rkgulah Morning Session— Mav— lß.ooo csls,
*1 6/%; 2000,91 63%: i:000, 91 52%: r 2000,
91'»2Vi: 2000. 91 62%: 6000. 91 oJ7/ 8 : '2000,
$1 51S/ 4 ; 18,000, $1 62; 28,0 0.91 521/4 Decem
ber-6000, *1 .6; 200 ', fl 46V4: 2 00, 91 45%;
4000, 1146%; 2000.91 46%; 12.00J, 91 45^;
tit) oo. 91 45%. ■..-•.,:■ f ■ - . . . ■ ■ . - .
afternoon . Session — May — 20,000 ctls,
91 527' 8 : 4000, 91 53%: i 12.000, . 91 53: 4000,
«l 6^%: 24 000. 91'K2 s /a. December- 6000, 91 46;
4uoo. kl 45s^; .. ; .
: BARLEY— Feed is higher, and firm.'. Brewing
rules uu land largely nominal. We quote Feed,
BU@Bsc 9 ctl; choice bright, 87% eft c.i; Brew
lug,B7%@9oc;Na 1 Chevalier. 91©1 10.
CAM, BOARD SALES.
Informal Skssioj?— 9:ls ; o'clock 2ooo
Ctls, 92V*c: 8000, 92Vja . \ ; .>
Kkcondskbsion— No sales., .-
I'.ehvlar Morning Skssioji— May— l6,ooo ctls,
93c ■ ■ - - ....:...
Afternoon Session— No sales.
- OATS— An advance in Red Is the only chance.
White range from 91 05 to f 1 ao ft ctl,
according to quality. Black, for feed, 90c@f 1 05:
for seed, 91 -jvtc.l 35: Gray, nominal; Red, $10
1 10: Surprise, nominaL ,-.: ■;' . . " 1,
CORN— Receipts are larger, but dealers quote
higher prices. Large Yellow, 7 y»@i9Oc: bmall
Round 00, 510-JV2©! 05 ft ctl: White, 87%@90c.
RYK— Sold at 91 05 V cti. *»'
BUCKWHEAT— $1 *s@. 35 *ctl.
' . V .' ' ,M .
FLOUR AND MlliL-STUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash pric»s are as follows: Family
extras, f4 76(^4 85; Bakers' extras, f4 ts@4 7b;
superhne, f 3 »o@4 26 obL
CORNMhAL. KTC— Feed Corn. f20@21 fi ton:
Cracked Corn, $20 bO@2l 50 «4 ton.
MILLNTUFtS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Urfcham Flour, 9~9 ~ »j
ft 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 ft 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
*6.6; Cornmeai, $2 35; extra cream do, f3;
Oatmeal, f 3 40; Oat Uroats, f4: Hominy, S3 10
($3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $3 10(oi3 50: Cracked
Wheat, f 3 50; Farina, f 4; Whole Wheat Flour,
*.<: Rolled vats. ii; Pearl Barley, f3 75(^4;
Upllt Peas, $5 60: Oreea do, «4 25 ft 100 lbs.
HAY AM) IhhDsn IFS
Hay Is firm at the advance. No change in Bran
and Middlings.
BRAN— SI 3 50@14 for the best and 912 50®lH
9 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— $17@18 for lower grades, and
91 8 60© 19 60 "# ion tor the best.
FEEDSTUFF6— RoIIed Barley, fl<«@l9 ft ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23 ft ton; joDblng, 924;
clipped Oats, 91 30@l 35 ft ctl.
HAY— Wheat, f8i&ll: Wheat and Oat. 97@
10 60; Oat. 96@9; Barley. $7ia.B 50: River Bar
ley, 95@6 60; Alfalfa, $6 50(a(S 50: compressed, *tt
»9 50; sock. $5(a6; Clover, f6^B ft ton.
6'ltUW- ft bule.
BEANS ANI> SEEDS.
BEANS — Prices show considerable change. Of
ferings are tree, an the market is quiet. Bayos,
91 36©1 46 ft ctl; Small Whites, $1 40&1 60:
Large Whites. SI 2C@ll Si: Pinks, 85c(tf91 05;
Reds. 91 25@1 40: Blacßeye, $1 10@l 16; Red
Kidney, 92 60: Llmas, 91 95@2 15; Butters, $1 40
01 76: Pea, SI 4U@l 60 ft ctl. •
SEEDS — Brown Mustard Is quotable at
52 75@3 ft ctl: Yellow Mustard, 92 10@J 25 ft
ctl: Flax, $1 35d:l 60: Canary Seed. 2V2@'- 3 /ic
ft lb: AUalta, iii^ati ■,»'■; Rape, 21 2 c; Hemp, .11 3 .
I » J : 1 1- ii peas— Mies, $I@l lb «t ctl; Green,
«1 40@l SO ft ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VJiGETABJuES
POTATOES-Sweet Potatoes, 60@75c ft ctl in
sacks and 60c@$l in boxes: Early Rose, 40@45c;
Burbank Seedlings, 20(». for Rivers and 65<$90c
ft ctl for Salinas..
ONIONS— 25®30c ft ctl. Pickles, 25@36o^sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas and string Beans
are doltiK much better. Marrowfat Squash quotable
a; f5(07 ft ton: Egg Plant. -j: (s,:->sc ft box; Toma
toes, 2U(£3sc ft box; Cucumbers. Ks@soc V- box;
Green Peppers. v6ftsSoc V) lar«e box: Dried Pep*
pers, .7@loc -p lb; Green Peas, 2 Va@3c; string
leans. 2Mi@3c: Lima*. $l<a:i 60 V gk: ureen Okra.
2J(a,4oc ft box: Dried okra, 10<ali%c ft tti; Cab
base. 40c ji ctl; Carrots. 3(J®4Oc ft back.; uarilc,
lVi!<«2c»to. ■.--.'
BI'TTKK, CBB«U AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Tne decline is apparently
checked tor the time being. ,
Creamery — Fancy, 25c: seconds, 23@24c ft B>.
Dairy— Fane-. •2iyo(32^V^c: good to cnoice, 20
@21c; lower grades, .r.(<£lßc ft lb. .
Picklkd— l(j@lßc ft ID.
Firkin— ls(ail7 < - ,■• Ib '
Creamkry '1 üb-18@19c ft Id.
CHbK-'h- The market is firm. Choice mild
new is higher at 9(jsloc f. Ib; common to good old,
«V2<&s*V»c t 1 &>: Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young
America. lotgilc; Western, lotatllc; Eastern, 11
013 eft tb.
KGG^r— Fancy ranch are very firm again. East
ern quotable at 20<32'JV&c for fair 10 rholce; 24
@26c ft dozen • for fancy and 17 V2@lS i r5C for
co d-storage; store Eggs, nominal; ranch itis, 30
(332V3C tor smail 10 medium and 35(ig}.)7i,ic for
choice.; cold-storage. 22V&(S>4c; -Duck Kegs, 26c.
POULTIiY A>'l> GAME.
rOULTRY— a' car of Eastern' Is selling at $5 60
for Hens and $6 for young Roosters. '
- California . stock shows* no change worthy of
note. Live . Turkeys are quotable at 12@13c
t) tb for Gobblers. ll@l2C;^,tb tor Hens; yount;
Turkeys. 12J^@14c ft lb; Dressed Turkeys. 13@
16: Geese, 'r p»1r,5126: <;o<ltngs, $1 &t.(«l 75:
Ducks. • . (<t.> 60 lor old and $3 50^4 60 for youne:
Hens. 54(a,4 60 •> doz: Roosters, you 93 : 0!d4;
co, oil, *3 60@4; Fryers. 9- 76fiS3 25: Broilen.
9* 7.'(a>25 fcr ,arK^ and $2 'ibtefl bO for small;
P^geous. $1 25@1 to V- dozen lor young and Cl
for old. • ...
GAME— English Snipe quotable at $2 ft dozen:
Jack Snipe. *1 $ doz; Hare. *1 ft dozen: Rabbits,
91 50 for Co tontalls and $1 26. for small: Gray
Geese, *2 25@2 60; bite Geese, 91 ft dozen:
Brant, 91 60. ' - . : > ■ .
DECIDUOUS .\.n:j CITRUS FRUITS.
OPCHARD FRUITS— '
Pomegranates. 85@65c TH box.
Apples, lsi&sl fi box for choice, 25®60c for
common.
Pear*. 85@65c ft box: Winter Nell 60c«$l.
, Persimmons are very scarce at 76c(&? 1 26 '?, bx.
BKKKIK — ■. ; . . **
Cranberries from Cape Cod higher at fB@B 50 ft
bbl : from Coos Bay, f 2 60 ft box.
Strawberries, f 2 60@4 for large berries.
Raspberries, 36 9 • lies . ' *
liRaP. ts— Stocks a c lighter and better prl cos
are being ob alned. . Wet . nd le!t-over stock sell
to Deddl.rs at JU(s2oc 1» box. Tokays, «6@4')c ft
box: Black Grapes. 25@-tOc:~ Verdels, 30@40c:
Cornicbons. 40@G6i c: Muscat, 35@50c: Grapes in
crates bring lu^l&c more than In boxes.
Wine Grape-, are nominal at $-0(£;:2 60 ft ton
for l'.Uck. ■ ■
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons are quotable at $1@
1 60 ft box for common- and ;%'i@'i 50 9 r box
for goo 1 to choice; Mexican Limes, $4(<ss VI box:
California Limes. ,- 60@75c: - Bananu*. - $1(02 -ft
bunch; Pineapples, $1 bti-jt'i 50 ft dozen. -
DRIED FRUITS, KAIsI.XS, MIS, JbITC.
I RIFD FRTITS-
The market rules strong.
Quota luua ou tiiu Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload I ots— Apricots 'are quotable at 6@
9c for Koyais. «nd HV:0l-c for choice
to fancy Aloorparks: ".- Prunes, SVic for- the
4 Fires: Peaches. 4@sv<c for prime to choice. «i^
@7c for funcv and 9@loc : for peeled in boxes:
a pies. 5 / t @6c for evaporated and Ui&-Ji.' a c
for stin-drie<: ; Pears, 'zy^^c for prime to choice ■
4®6i/j.c for quarters and 6(a;aVi< 'or halves: Plun.s,
4c lor pitted and 1 Vi e tor nupitted; Nectarines.
3Vo^,4Vjc for choice and aVic lor.iancy; White
Figs. 3c: Black Figs. iV*@2V3C.
JoBKINO I kicks — Penchen. 4V 2 @3VaC « Ib;
fancy, «>^®TU|c; « lb: : peeled. la^c H fh;
Apricots eVbSfc ¥ 1; fancy. 10c: Moor parks, Vi
©13o: evaporated Apples. 6c: sun-dried, a»^(a
«c; Prnnes. B%<gi4c;ior 4 sizes: Figs, black,
8c for tin pressed and S@3 Vic. lor pressed: white
Klgs, 4c; Plums. 4V 2 ©sc Tor pitted and 2 c forun
pilted: Nectarines, 4(»6c 9 lb t»r prime to fancy:
Pears. 1/2 15 5 lor whole. 4V a (tfs%c for quarters
and 4%©8 Vise for halves. v
BAI.-lNb— .,
( ari.oad Pricks, t. o. B. Fbicsno— Four-crown
loose. 51/4 C: 8-crown. 4V4c: 2-crown. 3V*c; Seedless
Sultanas. 6V a c: -endless Muscatels. 4c: : S-crown
London layer*. fl JO: . clusters. SI 60: liebesa
clusters. $2 60; Imnerial clusters. .83: dried
U rapes, 3c f) ft,. ■
Jobbing Pricks— F^bancibco— Four-crown,
loose. 6%c: 3-crown. 48 /4 c; 2-crown. .".34c: seedle«s
Sultanas, 6c; seedless Muscatels, 4i^c: 8-crown
London layers. $1 30: clusters. $1 60: Dehesaclus
vl-V ! I'nperlal clusters. $3 25.
IS- Chestnuts quotable at 8'#10c: Walnuts,
new crop, f.o. 0. shipping point, "(iVjc ? Ik for
stnndard and He ? It. f r softshell: Almonds. 60
b^c lor t.angupdoc,3@)!<i / hardshell and B@9o
for paper-shell. Jobbing: » eanuts. 4@6c lor Kasfern
and 4c for California: Hickory Nuts. 6@6c » lb:
Fecans, 73^(3*0: Filbert ■«, 'i^lSiSc: . Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc V Ib; Cocoanuts, *4@o %* 100.
HO %e\ -Comb, lOQIUV^c for bright and s<s9c
for lower grades; water- bite extracted, 6@s^,r:
light amber extracted; 4y 2 ©i^ic; dark atuuer, 4(^
4y>c: , dark, 2©3 c « th. 7I * y ./* . , **
BJ<.ii6,\VAX-a3<«>J6c V m.
3 REVISION*.
■ Hams are very firm. The ■ demand for Bacon,
Lard and Cot olene Is good. .. ' ;. •
. CORED M EATS— Bacon Is quotable at .6c 71 It.
for heavy. 7c H tt> for light medium. 9V»c for light
10c 9 a, for exira light, and ll%c V «> for sugai
curea: >.a-*tern susy-cured Hams. 12V.,<»18i£c:
California Hams. ll@ll%c: Mess Beef, «7«57 50;
extra mess do, »«<£.-. 60: family do. $9(jt9 50;
extra pnm« Pork,- »7-60@->: extra clear. 16 *
bbl: mess. $14 r* bbl; Smo.ed Beef, 10c «* tb. v :■
- LARD— Eastern, .tierces, "is , quoted at ■6c - for
compound and 6i^@7c for pure; palls. 7^c t» lb;
California | tierces, o(gjsVic V "> k for compound und
t>Vic for pure: halt-bbia, , bB/ A c; 10-tti .in», 7 Vic;
00 5-lb. 7V^r ft. ■■„■' . ; ■■■/ f /'.fZ ,'•--,. .
• Col TOLIiN k— 6iA«6Vic ,in tierces . and iy.<&
ol/ 8 c %* lbiu 10 tiusT •;.".
HlOl.s, XAI.It.OW. WOOI. f AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7c; culls and brands, 6c; medium. Cc;
culls and brands, 6c 9 lb:; light, 5c fi it: culls and
brands, 4c fl rb; Cowhides 4Vsj@sV.c;. cults and
brands, 3%@4i^c; sailed Kip, d@s^c; sailed Calf,
7c V &>: salted Veal, 6c ft tb: dry Hides, 10($llc;
culls and brands, 7Vi@Hc; dry Kip and Veal. 9c; !
culls. GVM7r. t* Tb: dry Calf, i sc; culls. 10c: Goat
skins. ,aU@3sc each: Kids. 6c: Deerskins, good
summer. i;u@-5c «* lb: medium. 15®20c : winter,
7&9 c: Sheepskins, shearings,' 10016- each: | snort
« 001. 20i£. : 35c each; " medium, '40@60c each; . long
- « c 01.,, of (gtiue each. ' Culls or ■■ all kinds about Vie
lebs.
o TALLOW— No! 1, renderei. I No. 2, 2©
2 Y*c: refined. *%»»<:: Grease.^ ft.' *■> . -
WOOL— \\ equoie rail Wool as follows. Southern
mountain. 3®6i/ic : middle counties, free. 6Vsi®7c: i
do, detective, 4^.@6c: San Joaquin, »@sc. t spring
clip: Nevada, b(3JBV 2 »>an Jvaquin nod tioutberu
Coast, six months, 3Vs@sc . .-■: > : - : >~: .- ■ : ■::
# HOPS— 6(gjoc '^ a, , or air to' choice an 10c for
strictly fancy. . - . ; •->•: . ■;. -.« :..
G-tNtKAA. MERCHANDISE.
-: BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 94 10@4 16;
Ban Qnentln,. 94 20; Wool Bags, 24^@26Vs<5:
Fruit Bags. 5%@6c.; - ' ..' £'. ■• '
COAL— Harrison's circular says: "During the
week there have been ei.-ht arrivals from the Coast
mines with 19.450 tons, from Australia 3117 tons,
from Swansea 3210 tons ■ Trade In this line is
livelier and the Jobbers' teams are busily engaged
making deliveries, us housekeepers generally are
tilling their bins laying in their winter supplies.
Quotations remain unchanged for all domestic
grades, but for steam uses there Is a tendency up
ward, as the importa.ion cost of ail foreign giades
is increasing The liberal : shlpn.ent- »hk have
been made for the past several m- n'.hs from Aus
tralia and Swansea, the major portion of which
has come to h»nd, isjno being replaced las fast as
same arrived here. some of these many car.;oe.|
have been. disposed of at absurdly low Drlces and
have caused a depression In values, but the lowest
has been reach. -d and a reaction has set in and
much better prices for steam Coals are assured,
freights from England and Austialla have been
marked up and sales have recently been made at
figures showing an advance. Our manufacturing
intervals hnve been directly benefited b*- low
priced fuel and are just leeliug Its advantage."
Wellington is quotable at $8: New Wellington,
*8 ft ton; Southheld \\ elilnEtou, f 7 50 ft ton;
Seattle. $5 60@6; Bryant, S6@s 50- Coos Bay, f5:
v\ ailsend. *«: :-cotcn. : Brvmbo •
Cumberland, fl3 ft ton in bulk and $14 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $ll<al2 ft ton;
Welsh Anthracite, f8®10: Cannel. $B@B 60: Rock
Springs. Cast.c Gate und Pleasant Valley, f7 60;
CoKe. f 11012 In bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
RICE-Chinese mixed quotable at $3 25@3 40;
No. 1, f3 80@4 ft ctl: extra No. I, $4 3U@4 60:
Hawaiian, f4 .<u: Japan, f3 9v:gH SO.
BUUAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, 6*/ 8 c; Fine Crushed. 5%c; Dry Qranu
lated, 4»4c; Conlec. loners' A, 4S /4 c; .Magnolia A,
48/jc: Extra C, 4V4C: Oolden C, 41/fec; half barrels
14c more than barrels, and boxes vv s o more.
SAN FBANCIkCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs, both live and dressed, are higher. Whole
sale rates for dressed stock from slaughterers are
as follows:
BKEF-Flrst quality, 6c; second do, 4@4V 2 c;
third do, 3V,c f« tt). : ' "■ . ,- •
VEAL— Large. 4S^®sc; small, tt@7c ft th. -
MUTiON — Wethers, 6(0,6 Vac; Kwes. 4960
LAMB-B@6c •$ lb.
Pi >RK— Live >iocs, BV4@3%c ft Ib for large and
medium and 3i4(3cS/.c tor small; dressed do, 4^
@4%c ft Id. ■ ' .
liiitiiil'Ts OK PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flonr. qr «kii ... 6,922 Middlings, sks... 415
Oregon, sks.... 4.P82 Hay. tons ,_ 200
Wheai. ci 15...... 315 Butter, ct15...... . 232
Oregon.. l,6oo|K|tgs. d 0*.... 8.99U
F»rley,ctls 0,93.V, Hides, no . r: 173
Oats, CUs 1,030 i Pelts, bd15....... -15
Ugdeu 990 Wine, pals 16,000
Rye. ct15. ........ 360 Wool, 013 192
Corn. ctls 3,375 "0reg0n..;...... 831
Ogden 315 Sugar. 0bi5. ...... 2,199
Beans, gks 6,610 Leather, r0115.... 28
Potatoes, sks.... 8,9*1 Lumber. M feat.. 70
Oregon 1,043 Quicksilver.Usiu T 84
Onions, sits 575 Raisins, boxes.. 8.175
Bran. »k5. ....... 265 r'laxseed. »1v5.... 256
Oregon.. 8,760 Mustard Seed, sr 311
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
P.ut.er, Poultry and Meats show no change this
week.
several slight variations In Fruits and Vege
tables appear.
Egs;s lire rather deaer.
sa ni<m Is again In season.
> oiiowing 13 Thk Calls regular weekly retail
price list:
COAI/— PKR TOX.
Cannei; — fd JO 00! PleasantVal 9 60®10 00
Wellington. — &10 00 , Southfield
New Wei- I Wellington • — « 950
lington — —@10 00 Scotch — —
Seattle 7 oO@ 7 60 coos Bay... '. 6 50^> 7 00
Castle Gate. 9 5(!'.r.11) 00
dairy PRODUCT. ktc. -
Butter, fancy, V [Cheese, cat. .10@12
square ....60(355 I Cheese. Eastern. . . 1 5(320
do, * roll ..45fai50 ; Cheese, Swiss... .2W430
do. choice. _.„■.. 40(a — Common Ezgs...:.2s@3<'
Ordlnaryao .■ iii^ :<7 : Kane a i r1dz...40W45
Picklea ru11.......30@35 Honey. comb, »»tt>.ia<^ls
FirKin —^30 do, extracted H@IJ
MKATB— FKR POtTVt*.
Bacon..-. .12017 Pork, fresh 12<ai5
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, salt 10@12
do, g00d......... 8(3)10 Pork Ch0p5. ......1'2@16
Corned-Beef. B(<* — Kound Steak.. 8&1IO
Ham, Cal 12V{@15 Sirloin Steak... 12%® —
do, Eastern 15(& 1 6 Porterhouse, d 0... 17@|20
Lard ............ ... 12(^15 Smoked Beef — <als
Mutton.. Ha lc Pork Sausages.... — @20
Lamb :..10@— Vea1...... 10(^15
POULTRY AND GAMH.
Hens. each . 40» 60 Ducks.' each.:'. 85<a 60
Young itoost- Geese, each -75^)100
era, eacn 60® 60 Pigeons, * pr.. . 40& f»0
Old Roosters, | Rabbits, Vpr.- «5© 40
each 60® — Hare, eacn...:. ltx& '20
Fr>-ers, each... 35<s> 40 \v ii . Gtete.ea. • '20@~30
Broilers, each.. 26® 36 «;neSnipe.'?ds3 00<g> —
Turkeys, lb.. 16® lb|Jaic.!3nipe,rVdzl 60® —
FKCITS AND NTT*.
Almondn, Ib 12(ai5| Limes, ~f> dos 16® —
Apples, !b 4<ia 6:Oranges, ¥ doi. ...'-O^aSO
Bananas. $ dor... 15(0.20' Pears, ft lb *& 6
Can a. oiiDes. •'uch.lsia'J.'i Kaisins, V* Ib.. B**ls
Cocoanuts. each... 4(5) 6 Raspberries. drwr.3s(S4s
Figs. V tt>..........10@12 strawberries, ■ ' ■■ •' ■
Grapes. f> tt> B<aiu .t> drawer... 55045
Lemons, it dor Walnuts, » a> IS© —
vtnitTAßm- • ' - :
Artlchr>kPS,?doz..6O@7&|Mr'fatSqnash.9 &, 6©lo
Beets, i* doz 12@15Gr-en Okra, i* tt»..-t>© 8
Beans, white :■•■<& 5 Dried Okra. * tt>..l&@'.J<i
Colored. -^ tti — :<# 6 Onions, 1b....... 4,^ >
Lima, t< tt>....... 4to> 6 Peppers, green, 6«4- 8
Cabbage, each s@lo! Peppers, dried in^'JO
Cauliflowers, each. 6(i£ 8 Parsnips; $ oo« 16@20
Celery, bunch... 6<a —Potatoes, $ 1b..... 2® 3
Cress. » dzbunchs. 20(^26' Hadlshes,Wdxbchs.lO(aia
Cucumber, %* doz. fc®)oSage. ijl 1b.;:.;.....25®33
B|tt Plant, %p) tb... f>(a 8 Smer squash, i« B> fc@lo
Garlic, H tt) BM — String Beans, f> Di. 6feJ »
Green Peas, 9 n>.. 6@ 6 Thyme, ft tb. ...... 20(g)3t)
Lentils, %<• tb.. 6(a, 6 Turnips, '«* d0«....15d520
Lettuce, 9 doz....l6@2olTomatoes, ft 1b.... 3© 6
FISH— FKR POITN'a
Barracuda....^.... 100— .;... -...; B<aiO
Carp...... —@ — Sea Bass ...lO®l2
Codfish —6415 5me1t5... ...... ,...1i@15
Flounders..... 10<S» —'Soles. lU(<£l2
Halibut... -<6) - Skates, each:...... 10@l'i
Herring. 8@ —5turge0n.:.;....... 15©18
Klngflsn. — «a— iTomcod.;. ..12@l"»
Mackerel.. ;.. -'-» Clams, ft jtaL...... <&50
do Horse... — (2>— Do. hardshell, -ft ■• -:
Ferch 10&8— | 100... \. :....;:... 50®'—
Pompano 40^ — Crabs, each... 12(i15
Kockfish . 1" (<SI 2 Do. softshell, ft dz.25@35
Salmon, smoked. ..20:'ifl —'Mussels, ft qrt '..'.10@12
Salmon, fresh ...... 12(ai6 Oysters, Ca1,«100.40@ —
bhrunps „.... 8(5.10 Do, Kastern, ft d*.as®4o
THE STOCK MARKET.
TbeComstocks were weak »t the decline yester
day, and some stocks sold stl 1 lower.
The annual meeting of the Challenge Consoli
dated Mining Company has been called for No
vember 19.
in the Crown Point mine, In the upraise from
the east crosscut run from the shaft station on the
700 level, they have put in a chute and have car
ried the north drift on tbe east floor a distance of
1 1 feet, maklns its total length 33 feet north of
the raise; the face is in quartz of low grade mixed
with porphyry. On the 6i>o level the west crosscut
opposite east cross ut 1 has been extended to and
connected with the top of the main stope, and they
are now extracting the streak of ore exposed at
that point. On tbe floors above the 700 level they
are extracting ore from tbe ninth to tbe twelfth
floors, tbe qu.rtz being of the gold-bearing vari< ty.
In the BUU level raise they are opening on the
twelfth anu thirteenth floors, but ai tnis point tbe
ore is apparently exhausted. They have extract! d
I during tbe past week and shipped to the Mexican
I mill for reduction 577 tons and 160J ponnus of
I go.d rock, the average ba tery sample of which
I wav f 7 4- per ton, of which $J 67 per ton was
gold.
1.0A1.11 sAi.KS.
rolibwtnr ; were the ■»"«• in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: ..- ?.• ■ • . •
moriAß HOBNIS9 1 SFWlo*. rnwwiwcriCd 9:30.
600 AlTthn 10:500 0 Imp 02 16'J Onhir . .1.25
200 Belcner. . . 47: 100 Crwn Pt. . 40 20J Savaae. . . 60
700 B <tB 87(300 O* C 66 200 61
300 88|100 67 100 t. NT eO
60 1 Bullion... 16 400 H<feN...1.20 100 61
200 IHIOJ Mexcn....4o iOJ Cnloa C...50
26JChllar.. .1.80 100 41 . 0 Utao 10
760 CC&V..1.75 lOOOcdd .9 JOJ X JapOJC«i..46
100 1.70
AFTKRJJ-OOV BKaSTON'—
200 Alpha 11,200 8u11i0n.. ..16.100 Savage.'.. 62
100 Andes ...24 ICO < bailee. . .3:- 100 9 Nay. ...01
5!) Belcher ...471460 CC&V...1.76 300 Union.. ..il
250 B«*B 88!. Aiextcan..42UoU Utah. .....10
200 ...... 891100 Potoat 70100 V Jacl«-.4»
JoiiOTvine were the Mu«ut : lathe Pacific Stock
JLcxru yesterday : ■■•.'."', i: •'•■ : ■■ > ' t •'-;'£ •'-'
■•■"'. ( . KJ'BHt.Ail pr*«rr>yr— "irvsa .;•'..■.%,-.
10" Alr.*a 10.200 CC&V....1541450 Ophlrl.2V!y 3
100 Alt* 11 300 conn.... 1.061*00 . ......... i.,25
■ 04 Ande5. .:..24 1000 C Imp .102 30 > Hotosi 73
200...-.~:......23a0j C 101m....4<> 1200 ........ .71
7j.i Belcher... 49 400 •..*::.. :..:'.59 200 ..:.;./.;:. 70
200 ......::... 47 SOU u*u . .._6hBUJ bavate..;.62
nil) It A 8.... 300 HAN I.22 Vi'JOO ...... ..021^
200 '....;... ....88 sou v.....v.:i:!i0j500 scorpion. ,os
200 V... ;:.■... ..91 ; 500 Justice... 05 1300 S H&.U.. .05
450 i u11i0n.... 16 400 Kentuck..o6;3so d Ki«v.. . 61
lUOCaleda.... 10 180J Alex... .41400 Union..... 51
200 CnalUe. .8&.00 Occd 40 2,0 Utah 10
450 1 ii0n...1. • . 400 .....r.Y..':38j30U V Jc»i««. 4,1
300 :...".v-...1.80a00 0vrmn....10 :•:" "-: >- ! - --
- . * A>Tjrnsoojr'BW«io?»— 2:3oi • • ■
100 Alpha.. ~. 11 15 ' Ch0ir.. .1. 80)300 00cidt1....59
100 Alt*.,. 111200 ....:..1.821^ loy ODhlr..:i.ai>
100 Ande5. ...23 -.'OO .:.... ;..71.fc£> 500 Ovrmn....io
200 8e1cher. ..47 lUO Conn.l.OK^ 400 .:...;:. ..-.12
600 8A8... . . 9 I 200 C PoinL . . 40 > Potosl ...7 1
100 .:;:. /....-U0 300 O &c.:.v.68 -00-..:.v.v;::_7b
100 .:.•..;.... .Byl3oo „....:. :..e«^oj (savage... t>u
200 80d1e...i.69|y0!)...;..V..:.70:00 '.;.:». ..;;.63
;100-.;.;.;v.'..:6h55J H4N.V.1.25 26J »N«T.v,6a
600 8u11i0n.... 16- 100 .V..v:.1;27% JOO Union.... 61
100 Hulwer. Mexican A* 200 :.*;....-; 63
100 Challge... ;i4 200 f /.V.;.-1.-;.4H20J U-jU».;,."«10
100 CUV is 4 100 Mono 18 30 J YJaolUi 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. .FRIDAY. NOV. 8-2?. „
£I<i.Alked. &lrt.Aar e *<
Alpha 008 10 11 1ack50n. ....... 25 40
A1t*.'.. .......... 10 U Julia. ..'..;-...„ — 07
Andes. ........ 23 24 Instlce. 04 05
Belcher _ .47- 48Keuiock „ — 16
Best * Belcher 90 9i : ndy Wash.... — 13
Benton C0n.... — 1. Mexican 41 43
Bodie .■...:'."--'• 68 ' 59 Mono '.;.'.....;; 16 —
Bullion.. 15 16 Nevada Queen 03 04
En1wer.. ....... — 41 Accidental. .... 38 40
Caledonia...... — H0ph1r........... 1.25 1.80
Chollar ..;";... 1.80 1.8!> overman-. ....• 10 11
Con. Cal&Va... 1.75 1.80 J'0t05L;........ 71 .73
Cballense Coa 33 .35 ravage...; 62 b3
Con. Imperial. *01 '' 1/5 5c0rpi0n....... 06 (8
confidence.... 1.00 1.05 -eg. Belcher... 03 04
Con New York — '. ; 04 -syndicate ..... :03 —
Crown Point... 35 . 37 -liver Hi 11.... '• — .-;■ OH
KastSierraNer 1/4 — -ierra Nevada. 82 63
Kurekb Cou ... 30 , — CniouCou..... 61 •'• 63
Exchequer.. 03 C4Utah.. :... 10 11
Uoula <k curry. 68 69 1 cUow Jacicot. 47 4&
ijMlt«t Norcn.l-25 1.30 '
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• FRI.>\Y. Nov. 8-3 F. it
: TTSITMD STATES BONDS.
. . £,n '■ AtXca.\ ,'•-■. Bid. . Atktid.
rJB 4s coop.. - rjß 4sreg... — 107%
Do uew lssuei — I
'- HISCKIUNEOI'S BOKDS.
rat-BlCbU»^. 108 — M-nrKoll Hsv — —
Cal ElecLß»ll7 - I Do2dls6v. — —
CniraCWs» — 871/3! I' AO Ry <Ji. — Jir. "
Dpntrstex-co — P&CU Ry 3*. — 107^
LdsnL«PSsl22^ — Pwl-st RRBI. — IJ3V%
> 4C'HKRBi - 106 Reno, Wl*kU — 105
Geary-stRSi. 100 - bacto 1' AL. — 100
LosAni? Ltfi. — 100 tiANPKJ!. 98%101
DoGsteedßi - 101 gPßßArisi* — 96
Mkt-stCbleOsll9% — 6PRRCal<s*. 1073,% —
DoßyCon6s..los 106 tPRKCaIii — 100
Nat Vinos Ist — 100 gPßrßCaia* 95% 97
NevCNgß7s. 99 — SVWater6s.. 117 V* —
NP C RRtU 100 — bVWateris.. 98Vg 99
NRy Cal 61. 100 — 6tktnO<feEisl 99 101
NBy Cal ss. — 90 SonstT<kT«s. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 Suuer-stKo* 109%, —
UUU »a..104^107V» VuuUlaWC<*4 — —
UltttiU>U4 m. 117% 119 ;•'-.•
WIIEE STOCKS.
Contra Costa 30 36 |M«n.ro« — _
Mnxinco.... 49 - |S|irngVaUor 96^ 86%
SAS STOCKS. ;" -
Capital — i.4 laclflo Llirtn 49 61
Central- 95 — San Francsoa 965/ a 9b34
Oa^ O L <fc O. 63 — btuCKtOU...... _ Mi
Uatlmp. 88 90
INSDBANCB STOCKS.
Fireman's 62 180 |»nn — —" .
COU MKBCXAL BANK STOCKS.
A BOW BATU. - - London 135 —
Anglo-CaL... 54 60 London&SV.- — 80
Bank of Cal.. 229 — Merch Ks... 12 —
Cal B D<fcTColO7Vfclo9 -Nevada — —
iUsi£»ano<n.l7s . 1 rather 800. — —
:*-._; .'BAvmos bank STOCKS.
Rer SAT.Co. 1250 1500 l>av<ft Loaa.. — 110
HnmhSAL.iliW — Security-.... 245 —
Mutual. — 40 Uliiou Trust. 770 —
bi'&av Union — 60 J
STBKBT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 — |Oak SUtUar — 100
Geary-5t...... — -SO Presidio S —
llarket-su... 438,4 44 Kutter-5t..... — ,— Jv
POWDER STOCKS. ' '. . ■
Atlantic 0... — — iGlantUon.... IS 18V 2
Eastern D... 70 — Judson 0.. — —
Cautornia.... 7«) — IVigoriL . 60c —
MISCELLAXKOUS STOCKS.
Alan** rkn. 95V4 971,4 -Nat VinCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic S3CO 17 20
Cul Cot Mill 1 — — Pac Adi V A — ■ 4'4 '
Edition Light 12414125 FacEoraxCo. 98 100
GatConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
GerLeadCo. 80 100 Part Patntco — 7
HawCVfcSCa. 17yj 18V%|PacTr.insCo. — —
notch SPCo 28 23 V4 Pac T&T Co. — . • —
UerKxAssn.lOU lib Sunset VAT. — —
ilKieti-l^ni — 4V 2 Uuiutd O Ja. — —
BALKS— MOBi«IiJ» UICSaiOX.
Foard— : .
22 Edison Light A Power Co. 124 00
380 Hutcnlnson S Co _ 23 00
10 Pac Gas Imp :'..:.;.; 87 60
15 8 F (-.asliKhi 96 60
.25 S V Water „ »6 75
■ 5 do do *7 00
93000 V 6% Bonds.. ; 117 60
BALJO-tnziiaoox bb&mox.
Board —
67 Edison Lleht * Power Co 124 25
5 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. __ 23 00
6- do do 23-5
25 do do 2.112^
PI Maricet-st Railway 44 00
10 S F Gasllehl. 5:6 50
55 SV Water „ »', 00
»6 do do 96 75
9booos v 4% 80nd5......; t<a 50
7000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 96 00
C 1 r«»Ht —
50 Hntchlnson 3P Co .«„ 23 00
25 Market-st RailwaT . 43 75
910.000 Omnibus Cable 80nd5...... 118 00
75 Pacific Gas Imp 87 75
10 8 F Gaslight 06 60
f 2000 V 4% Bonds 98 50
94000 8 P Branch Railway Bonds. ' 96 00
♦ — — •
OCEAN STEAMERS
m o
'epa:
nre
ram
in
'r»nc
jeo.
NTK.AMKR I !)K«TIV»TrON*. |
SAILS.
I PfEB.
Coon 8ay.. .. Newport
»ta:e oi C»i. Portland ......
Corona San Dleco.
IT.jnona.... Hamboldtßa>
Arena...... Coos 8ay......
Colon.. Panama
Mexico. Vic<tPßtßnd
Australia... Honolulu
Kun01........ Orays Harbor.
Empire.;... Urecon ports .
K-irnka I Newport ......
Rio Janeiro. China A Japan
Monowal.... Sydney.....;..
>arallon.... ulna Bay.
Santa Row. Kan Diego
A.Blanchrd Oregon ports..
Columbia . . Port Jam
Not 7. Paw ] Pier 1 1
Nov 9.lUam Pier i;
Nov 9,1 1a x Pier I L
Not ' 9. Vrw ! Pier 9
Nov 10.10 am: Pier 13
JNovIO.VJ M P M S f
Nov 10, Sam I Pier 9
Nov 10,10 am Pier 7
Nov 10. IV* Pier 'i
Nov 10, Bpm Pier 13
Nov 11. v*m Pisril
Nov 12, Ipm PUSS
Nov 12, 2pm Pier 7
Novl2.'9am fler 2
Nov 13.11 am Pter 11
Nov 13, 6pm PlerlH
Nov 14 Ham! Pl*'2<
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
•THK -.X
I
t B>>«
i
I'VK
Kiode Janeiro..
Wecott
Corona.
H0mer...;....;;
bunoi..
Pomona .......'.
Amarapoora....
Empirb
Kureka.. .......
Truck ee .;
Newport
Aica:raz. .......
Arcata
Karallon ......;
Umatllla.
Allceßtanchard
North Fort....
C01umbia.......
City Paebla
Santa K05a.....
San Ben lto.
Coos Kay ......
OrJraba...;..^..
Crescent City..;
State of Ca1....
Del Nor*;.'.:..
China & Japan
Humbodt Bay
>au Diego.
Coos Bay ".....
Grays Harb0r. ..........
ilumbold:. Bay. ;..
Pueet Sound
Portland.
Newport.
Tlilamooic 8ay..........
Panama. .......... ;
Yaauica Bay.
fortland . . .... ..........
Yaqnlna 8ay.;......;...
Tacoma ; .;...
P0rt1and.........
Humboldt 8ay..........
Portland.
Victoria A Paget Sound
San Die«o. .;..._..■.■..".:.
Tacoma... ...;....
Newport ...:.. ..........
Mexic0.;....*..... ;.
Crescent City ..........
P0rt1and.;.';......;.....;
'•rays Hnrhor. . . . . . ■.
..Not 7
..Not 7
..Not 7
...Not 7
..Not H
. Not 8
..Not 8
..Nov 8
..Not v
..Not 9
..Not 9
..Not g
..Not 9
..Not 10
..Not 10
...Nov 11
..Not 11
..Not 11
..NOT 11
..Not 11
Not 1 1
. ot 13
..Not 14
..Not 14
..Not 18
Not 17
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. «• Coast axt* Gkodktto Sttbvjct Tnnn
Bni.t,KTix Pttblibhkd bt OrrioiAii >
Acthoritt or thkShpkbistknbkxt. )
Satur-a , November 7.
Pan rises 6. 431 Moon rises
Bun sets 5.04|M00n sets. 6.63FX
?| H W : L W I H A' L W
"7 2.U1 4~9 b.17 3. a i 2 16 631 (.3^ -1.1
8 3.04 4.7 7.07 8.4 1.00 6.0 8.24 -0.9
9 4.0» 4.8 8.07 3.7 1.51 5.7 P. 17 -0.6
.0 6.05 4 9 KSJ 3.7 2.54 6.U10J2— 0 1
1 5.6.H 4.9 10.52 3.5 4.10 4.5 11.16 0 3
2 (5.4? 5.2 12.20 31 6.41 4.3 11.57 0.6
S| 7.19 6.3 1.32 2.6| 7.00 4.2 ..
.Noti-Ii) the above exposition of the tides tb»
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
•rder of occurrence %i to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and tne laal or rich
hand column gives the last tide of the day cxce D I
wheu tnere arc but three ildea, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
•oundlnjrs on the United States Coast Surver
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ;h«
height, and then the number given la TsubtractlM
from the deDth arlven by the chart.. » uui ™-»t«
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United' States Hvdrograohle
Office . located In - tbe Merchant*' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. ■. . . ..-.■...-..
• Navigator, are cordially , Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
dlrec.io is of the world are kept on han 1 for com
par son aid reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all mailers of ■ Interest to ocean
commerce. " . . ,".
The time ball on top of the. building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten ; minutes - before
noon, and is dropped at noon. ; 120 th meridian, by
Kl^fUJI. 10 . Ble »°* l "* c « *<* each day trom the
United States Naval Observatory, a. Mare Island.
A notice stating whether > the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, is
puhiisheJ the same day oy the afternoon papers,
ana oy the morning papers the following i»v.
.. - r , .:W. B. Hi-ghm,
Lieutenant. 17. 8. N., In charge.
The Time Ball.
-, Bbanch HTrmootiAPKic Orricit U. 3. N"^ ■» '
' Mkeciiants' ElcßAXnit V
■■. a»» Fbancisco. November 6. 1898. ')
, The time ball on .Telegrann 'Hill was droops I
exactly at noon 10-day— l. c.. at noon of the l'JOta
meridiau, or exactly at 8 p. m.. Greenwich lime.
£-:'s ;'"■-.•"; '"■-.•" ■ W. S. Hughes, :
■■ - ' -•-■■■• - : tenant V. S..NT -" '' '■»" »■
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
.Arrived.
FRIDAY, N'ovemb?r6.
Whal stmr Be' vedere, Whl es de. 12 days from
TJnalaiKa; 21,000 pounds bone, 460 bb.soll. 146
pounds Ivor}'- 26 foxsxlns 4 bearskins, to William
Lewis.
stmr Point Arena. Strand. 16 hours from
Mendoclno and way ports: pass and mdse. to Men
doctno Lumber Co.
simr Mexico, Jepsen, 68 hours from Victoria
and.PngetSonPd; pass and mdse. to Goodall,
PerKlns <fc • 0. , .'- '■":• :'■ Nicolson. -'■• hours trom
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicolson. - hours from
. proau .-, to ■.oo.lall, Perkins & co. _- j
Stmr Tillainooli, Hansen, 45 hours from Coos
Ba: .83 ■< ti lumber, to j>llard\fc l>'d«e. -L.A
Stmr Whltesboro, jonnson. :0 . hours troxa -m
Gr.enwool • lunib-r. to L E White Lumber . o. \
~ Stmr State of California. Green. 67 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 44 hours; pass and mdse, \
to 'iootlall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Crescent" City. Allen. 8 : hours from Cres
cent Citr: pass and rhdse, to Hobba. Wall A Co.
.Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, 2«Vi days fm Panama
and wav worts ; pass and mdse, to PM S S Co. , .
■Br ship .\i, i s, pi/art, i>o days from Yokohama;
ballast, to Meyer. Wilson «t C.
Wha bark California, - - Fl.her, 37 days from
Ok otsk Ke.; 6.'5 obis sperm oil: - 400 bnls whale '
oil ana 4.;00 lbs wha'ebone, o Win Lev i«.
Bark Mercury? I olby. 10 days from Port Blake
ley; B's8 ' 5 Mit lumber and iaths. to Renton. Holmes
<fc Co.
. . Sclir Orient, Mitchell. 10 days from Coiutn
bu iiiv-r; 310 M it lumber to Simpson Lumber
icivr. c !!J f ortnna ' R osich. 30 hours from Eureka:
195 M ft lumber, to McKay & Co.
*-i eared.
FRIDAY. Novembers. ,
Btmr Coos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro; Ooodall. Per
kins <£ Co.
Xi stmr Glenesk. Glegg, St' Vincent: G W Mo-
Near A co.
_ ship El well, Rhodes, Ncnaltno; John Rosenfeld's
sons.
Sallo.i.
FRIDA.Y. November 6.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, Ventura.
■ Minr Glpsv. Leland. Santa Crus.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Schr Gotama, Dedric , Coos Bay.
i.ei.-Kr,niuic.
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 6.— 10 P m.— Weatae;
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
Charters.
The ship Elwell loads coal at Nan&lmo for this
port; Br b irk Snowdrop, salmon at Victoria for
Liverpool or London. .His 3d; Br ship Do wan Hill,
wbea*. at Portland for Europe, 31s 3d— prior to
arrival.
Spoken.
Per whal stmr Belveiere— On Oct 17 spoke whal
stmr Beluga and Thrasher. Beluga's catch since
leaving San Francisco was 20 whales and Thrash
er 2.
■ ,- Domestic Port«.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Faral
lon. hence Nov 1: stmr Alcatraz, hence Oct 31. . .
POKT LOS ANGELES-balled Nov s— »i.mr
Washtenaw. for Comox. ■■-.. >. ■.
Arrived Nov 6— stmr Mineola, from Comox.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Nov 6— Schr Etta B, Bee
NOV 4. • -• • :" ,"■'-''' '- 4 ■' ,
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 6-Schr Sparrow, nnce
Oct 2»: stmr Pomona, hence Nov 5. ' i
sailed .Nov 6-Schr : John A; stmr Weeott, for A
San Francisco. . r
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Nov 8— Scnr Lena
Sweasey, from San Diego. ■
POINT REYES- Passed Nov 6— Ship JB Brown
from Nanalmo. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov s— Stmr Del
None, for Sao Francisco. Nov 6 — -*chrs Orion, .
0 T Hill. Marion and Online Fjord, for San Fran
cisco; schr J M Weatherwax, for Suva.
Arrived Nov »— >>chr Ch.s Hanson,' hence Oct
17:8Chr Mary and Ida. hence Oct 20; schr Han
Buenaventura, hence Oct 16. Oct 31— Schr Twi
light, hence Oct 21. • . ■■..--
BOWKN3 LANDlNG— Arrived Nov o— Bchr
Monterey, hence Nov 4. .
TACOMA— Nov 1— Br ship City of Han
kow, for Queenstown ; Br baric Glencova, Fal
moutb, to r .11 Nov 4.
To sail Nov 6— stmr TJmatilla,for San Francisco,
via Port Townsend. . . .
DSAL— .Nov 6-Slmr Newsboy.
COOS BAY— Nov stmr Homer, for San
Francisco. ■ -
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 6— Br ship Dnrbridge,
for Cape Town ; Br bark Meinwen. Br ship* Fal
wood, Annesley and Dan bark Havila, for Queens
town.
Arrived Nov 6— Br ship Perseverance, from Rio
de Janeiro; stmr Columbia, hence Nov 4: stmr
Alice Ulanchard, hence Ocl 31, via Eureka and
Coos Bay.
SEATTLE— sailed 6-Schr Challenger, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr North Fork,
hence Nov 4. • -
TATOOSH— Pasted Nov 6— Stmr San Benito,
hence Nov 3, for Tacoma: Br ship Scottish Islei.
from Hongkong, for Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEMj-Arrived Nov tJ— BktnJno
Smith, from shanghai.
Hailed Nov 6— B.<tn Catherine Sudden, for San
Diego stmr Dmatilta, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE- Sailed Nov 9-Schr Spokane,
for Jhpan.
TATOOSH— Passed Nov 6— Stmr Progreso, hca
Nov 3. for Seattle. V
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 6— Sen Maryßuhne
from Eureka. •
Sailed No 6— Schr Reporter, for Port Blakeley.
FORT liOSS— Nov 6— Schr Etta IS, for
ban Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Nov 6— Schr Azalea, for
Port Townsend. :'.t-»: '.t-» '
Foreign Port*. . : '
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov , 5- Ship Santa Clara,
hence Sept 8.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Nov s— Br bark
A neon, for San Diego.
- TXJSKAB— Passed. Nov 2— Br ship Waterloo, fm
Liverpool, lor Victoria. ■ ■ • ■
COLON— called Nov 4— Stmr Valencia, for New
York-.
. HOY ROADS— Nov 2-Br ship Speke
from Singapore. .. . . ■ , ..
MoTPinentu of Trans- Atlantic Stp»in«n.
NEW-YORK— Arrived Nov 6- Stmrs Phoenicia ",
and Fuerst Bismarck, from Hamburg.
Sailed Nov 6 — Stmr Taormlna, -or Hamburg.
HAMBURG— out N\.v 6— Stmrs Palatla
and Normannla. -
GENOA— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Kaiser Wilh lm
11. for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— saiIed Nov 6— Stmr Majestic,
for New York.
: MOV I Sailed Nov B— Stmr Anchorla, for
New York.
BROW HEAD— Passed Nov 6— Rtmr Etruria.fm
New York for Queenstown and LiverpooL
Imporlitlom.
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena -1 cs eggs, 1
cow-, -.'4 bxs butler. .S3 bxs apples, 21 pkgs mdse.
Mendoclno— 3 sks abalones, 175 M it lumber, - 8
pkgs mdse. ■ - ,
ASTORIA— Per State of California— 29s sks oy
sters. 350 cs 8 bxs 2 Kits salmon, 5 express,
1 sk coin. S3 bhls cranberries. -
Portland— 676o sks bran, 1236 sks wheat, 2111
sks flour. 160 qr sks flour. 1043 sks potatoes, 812
] hides, 331 sks wool. 120 c* eegs. 800 cs salmon,
640 t'dls snooks. 1070 nkgs paper. 6 cs fish.
PORT HARFORD— Santa Cruz— 3s7l sks
barley. 44 c« mdse. 9 bdls Delta, 824 sks walnuts,
1730 sks mustard, 1856 sks beans. 108 sks canary
seed. 2 cs apples. 1 hdl skins, 1 sk tails, 3 bbls tal
low. 3 kegs tallow 47 bdls hides, 3 bd s pelts.
VICTORIA— Per Mexico— 2 pkgs mdse.
Wraneel— l bbl salmon. 2 bdls skins. ■ t
Port Townsend— l bx X goods. ■ 134. sks peas. 4
pkgs mdse.
Seattle via G N By— 3ol sks wheat. 360 sks
flour. . •
Donslas Island— l bx bullion.
- Jnneau— 2 bxs bullion, 1 bdl pelts, S bxs hard
ware,
Seattle— 4l cs fish. lpkg shoes, 3cs hats, Ics
dry goods, 11 bxs plates, 606 cs salmon, 393 sks
oa s, 2 • sks coin. 6 pugs baking powder, 6 pkgs
metal. 1 lot household goods, 6 cs . medicines, les
suspenders. 2 cs crockery, 196 bdls shingles, les
drugs. 1 bbl brass.
Vancouver via C P Ry— Spirjrs mdse. 1 lot house
hold goods, 375 pkgs and cs wn sty, 432 bdls hides
and pelts 400 cs 63 crts starch, 1 cs hats. 1 bx to
bacco. 173 cs boot* and shoe*, 2 bales dry goods,
16 bxs extrac s. 100 bbls glucose. 1 cs cigars, 3 cs
names, 1 bxd organ,' 41 < bbls lasts, 5 cs pianos. 11
cs Ibx anvils. - . /
Tacoma west of Fargo— ls bbls 16 cs syrup, 20
kegs 7 hf-bbls syrup, 17 rolls carpet, 2 tubs 7 oWa
sugar. .
Anacorres— 4o6B sks oats. -
Bemlahmoo— cs salmon.
New Whatcom— cs dry goods, Ics chairs.
Everett— 29o kecs nails. 6cs 327 bals 159 rolls
paper, 1 lot household goods. 1400 bars bullion.
Tacoma west of Fargo— 62o qr-sks 213» sks
flour. 216 bates woo), 2 c* shoes, 1 pkg mdse, 2cs
pictures, 1 bx ore, 19 bdis hoops, 1 bx books. ' '
Tacoma— s bxs » meat, 6 pkgs mdse, VI bdls
shoots, 1 bx guns. 1 machine, 1 bbl prenervaline,
2 >ks peppers. 4 reels wire rope, 800 bars bullion.
28 bbls fish. ■■■.•.. ■ ■ - : ■ > .-■■■-*"
CRESCENT CITY- Per Crescent Ciiy-15 kegs 1
138 bxs butter, 6 cs meat, — M tt lumber. j
Cotnl<rn«ni .;■ . '
Per Crescent City— O B Smith A Co: ■"■ Broadway
Brewery; Hllmer, R red. h off & *chulz; FBHalghf
Dodge, Sweenev & Co; C E Whitney A Co: Wl zel
<fc Baker: Martin, Feusler Co: De Bernardl & Co:
"VVlelrnd Brewing Co; Thomas Lougbran : Hobbs.
Wall & Co; Standard Oil Co: Enterprise Brewery.
Per Santa Cruz-Newmark «fc Edwards: Santa
Cruz. Island Co; HUmer. Bredhoff Aschulz; Cal
Transfer Co; Hills Bros: J Armsby * Co: ,\V H
Lowe: J Taber;, W*terbou<je <fc Lester: HDutard:
Wnsheimer Bros: Jonas Erlanger & Co; A Pallies:'
G Stevens; J P Thomas; Standard OH Co: .John H.
Wise: Wleland Brewing Co: W B Snmner<feCo:W
F Birch: Sadler & Co: National Brewery. .
Per State; of California— Moore, Ferguson & Co:
Geo Morrow & Co: C J Lelst <£ Co: M P Detels: M
C Nason: J GUebhurtrH Ontard: Btsslnger<fe Co:
Thomas Lough ran: Erlanger <£ Gallnger: F Lee; j
W'oh ncr: McDonough<& Ruuyon: Dalton Bros;,
Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: Morgan Oyster Co; .
J H Newbauer & Co: Dodge, Sweeney <& Co; M k
A Wa*ner: Wells. Farito A Co : O Camlllonl A Co;
Cutting Packing Co; Crown Paper Co: WO Hln
ton: & Immel: Wolf <& Son; F M Warren;
M B Moraghan; J A Lacy. . ,
Per Point Arena— O B Smith ,& Co: FA Ward;
Dennison. Wilson <* Co: Martin, Feusler & Co;.- H .
S Crocker &Co; Slendoclno Lumber Co; Jansen;
Dairymen's Union: Roblffs & Gerdau: r Jmaiel &
Co Ross * Hewlett: F .lan->en; OS Candon. ..
Per — Armour Packing Co: E L -* a nford;
Hume A Co; F C Cham pit H « Haver; IRD
Grubb; Monarch Card Mch Co: Preservallne Mfg
Co; f«u nset T and T Co: Selb ■ Sme ling and Lead
Co; Weilman, Pecit A Co; M Dut«rd;J P Thomas; '
Stencil; Moore, Ferguson A C>>;a'H Prlc? *
Co; Cahn. Nickelsburg A Co: Earl Mill r; Pacific
Won l>nware Co; tins -u> Wil iam: tali;ui-Swiss '
Colo i order; Clemen:, f-pr ng c A Co: Patterson
Carre. Co; linker & Haru-.tou; Blake. Moflitt A
Towns; Dunha n. Cur igan A Co; Kdwara Hertis-
J Wagn-r; biauffer&Co: -W.« Richardson- K»c'
A Co; Brown AMe zer; derson Woole'n-mlll
Co; kowalsky A Co; Alaska Packers' A sin '
Buckingham, Hecht A Co; B Cnitaz A Co-
Main A Winchester: C*llfnrnla Last More- op ■
ijownlnit A Co; Patinc Coast Syrui Co- 'nth.
child A Ehrenpfort: Gnsvaid, Kohn A Co- «,,.;
man, C ay A Co; Selby S & L Co; The W. r°hel ,/r
Co; irist A Co: Weilman, Peck A Co- IlTwi
ster: Wolff A Co: Blsslnger A to; Herman 4 1 1^ A
Amer Union . Fish Co; A; A Bryan Shoe C* \ t&
Prager A .; -Oi: ' Am Press Ann: Bnri stem & t- A ■
Camiloni A Co; FA Braun A Co; ' I.^ ? Co A
Flames:. Ge z liros A Co; Uus -'.Mcrtzbarh B J* '"■
hen : Hirsch A Co; H Conn : lneiwi , „ X V^
Baker: X Armsby A co';j F°iio W ' ~'^°, ; J 5
Co: Milan. A Co: Mack A Co: Fckerlv it' «"■*
d ni A Co; nP. Winters A o WG hi Tu^ U, ff U *
.W T uarrett A Co: Wash-M Si ( ,'• wwin? n *. Co s
A to: Royal Milling; Co;, \ X lla h^n- '^' F , argo
Cal: London, Paris A Am Bank" W r\V BaDIC Of '
A Hensecker; Bauer A Co- ? ?aw v^ 'V veuson:
ca^ect Works; Su^et &**£ J-gJ-*^TO MARCH FOR
' THE LAST TIME
Republicans and Sound-
Money Men Arrange a
Grand Ratification.
A Los Angeles Committee Will
Formally Present the Ban
ner to Alameda.
SPEECHES AT THE TABERNACLE
All Clubs and Citizens Will Fall in
Line and Join in the General
Ratification.
Oaxlahd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 6. )
The committee from Los Angeles who
•re bringing back to Oakland the much
prized silken Republican banner will
arrive to-morrow aft< moon and will be
met at Sixteenth street by Grand Marshal
Yarney Gaskill and Senator Eli Denison
*nd escorted to the Creilin Hotel, where a
ffcanquet will be enjoyed. The evening
r .ac. ac will be followed by a meeting at
the Tabernacle, where William R. Davis
will be the chairman of the evening.
A representative from Los Angeles
County will tender the banner to the
County Committee, and Senator-elect
Stratton will receive it for that organiza
tion; then the Senator will hand it over
to George P. Morrow, president of the
Alliance, who will vouch for its safe keep
ing on behalt of the club.
The meeting will be conducted tinder
the auspices of the National Republican
League of Alameda County, its president,
William R. Davis, presiding.
Tne vice-presidents will be the presi
dents of every club in Alameda County.
The speakers will be: Senator George
C. Perkins, Congressman Samuel G. Hil
born, \V. H. L. Barnes, F. X. Schoon
maker, Presidential Elector H. A. Powe-1;
G.eorge P. Morrow, president Alliance; J.
P. McElrcy. commander Army and Navy
League; Phil M. Walsh, president Young
Men's Republican League; John A. Brit
ton, president Sound Money League.
The following was issued to-night:
NOTICE TO LAWYKKB.
The Alameda County attorneys will meet
Saturday evening. XovemL.tr 7, 1896 ,at 7:30
o'clock, on the north side of Ninth street, be
tween Broadway and Washington, city of Oak
laud, for the purpose of taking part in the
great ratification parade of that evening. By
request of bar committee,
M. C. Chapman, Chairman.
_ Members of the Army and Navy Repub
lican League will assemble at head
quarters, 474 and 476 Eighth street, Satur
cay at 7 p. si., to join in the ratification of
comrade Major McKinley, President-elect.
Grand Marshal Varney W. Gaskill is
sued the lowing orders to-day for the
N government of to-morrow's parade:
Headquarters of the Gbaxd Mabshal,"!
Blake & MoPyiTT iJUHDINO, V
UAKMKI), CAL..XOT. 6, 1896. J
General Order* .No. — l he duties Imposed upon
lbs grand marshal of me paraJe In honor of the
gravid victory of McKinley and Hotart for sound
money »on protection render ii necessary to make
the following announcements for the information
. of those who will take part in the grand parade
■/ an 1 the people generally. . . ,
A -Marshals of divisions and aids will report.
1 mounted, to the chltrf of staff at 7 o'clock p. m.
I sbarp.at these headquarters. The various vi
> sions must be In their assigned positions at 7-30
p. m. sharp. .'
Marshals of divisions will report promptly to
the chief of staff through an aid when their divi
sions are formed.
KTho signal to advance will be given at 8 r. v
Bharp.
Organizations not prepared to move In time will
fall in on left of line.
Route of procession: The line of march will be
from Eighteenth street down San Pablo avenue
to Fourteenth to Washington, to Eighth to Broad
way, to Fourteenth to Webster, to i •bernacle.
■ The formation lor the marching column will be
a column of fours, open order of platoons. The
man on the let. will be responsible for the dis
tance, which distance will be equal to the front, of
a four or platoon, as the case may be. The men
, on the lett of the subdivision will march directly
In the rear of the men in front of them.
The guile will be toward the left.
. The distance between divisions must not exceed
sixty feet, allowing for band end mounted staff.
The - distance between different companies
and organizations run->t not exceed fifteen feet
All drill corps are requested to preserve the order
in column as indicated above.
>;oiaucy movements will be permitted, as they
■■ break up the column. *
FORMATION.
I First division will lorm on Eighteenth street,
right resting on San Pablo avenue, facing nor h
second division will form on Jiighteenth street
right testing on San Pablo avenue, facing south.
■i hinJ division will form on Seven:eenth street
right resting on San Pablo avenue, facing north '
Fourth division will form on seventeenth street
right resting on Ban Pablo avenue, facln- south '
a Fifth division will form on Sixteenth street, right
resting on I an Pablo avenue, facing north.
Sixth division will form on Sixteenth street right
resting on Sau Pablo avenue, lacing south
Sevimh division will form ou Fifteenth street,
right resting on san Pablo avenue, facing nortn. '
Klgbth division will form on *liteeutn street
right resting on San Pablo aveaue, facing t,onth
Ninth division ill form on Fifteenth street
light resting on Clay, facing north.
Folluwing will be the uniform of marshals and
aids: /
Grand marshal, gold sash; chief of staff red
white and blue sash; chief aid, white'
bash: marshals of divisions, red sash: aid
£ blue sash. Al. marshals and aids will wear black
alpine hats looped up on right side; wear rosettes
same color as sash, gauntlets, Qambette dark
clothes and leggings. Sashes will be furnished as
tar as possible at headquarters of grand marshal
', Saturday at Ip. M.
> Hats, gauntlets and rosettes can be purchased
i of ii. J. Keller & Co. .
m All marshals and aids will report to chief of*
Etsff at headquarters of grand marshal, Blake &
V;lolHtt building, Friday evening at 7:30 o'clock
for Instructions.
FORMATION* OF COLUMN-.
Piece of artillery.
Steam whistle.
Wagon and fireworks.
Platoon oi police.
Grand Marshal V. W. Gaskill.
Chief of Staff Webb N. Pearce.
Aids— Cal fcwlng, T. W. , Jeffress, Frank H.
Mason, E. . W. Kooerts Jr.. 1). C. Brown. Daniel
Dcody, Frank B< quet, J. Blavich, A. W. Pattiani,
J. >V. Harris, E. H. Pearch, A. M. Bserott, Victor
Hemmc-i, Henry Waiklnson, K. 8. Kitchener. '.
Fo. r-horse carriage carrying Kepub.ic>tn b .inner
and Senator Xli i>enlson, F. J. Fleeter, F. s.
Mratton and delegation from Los Aniteles.
F.rat division— Marshal, W. 11. Thomas. Aids—
\\\ ilackey, A. H. Tr.i.hen, A. M. Benbtm, Ben
Ferris, C. K. King, J. S. White; Fifth Infantry
band: Alliance; bound-money League; citizens:
rea. estate and insurance men; lawyers; High ,
School boys. '
Secoud division— Marshal, G.J. W. Stark. Aids—
H. v. . Wat kins, A. M. Barrett; band; First Ward
.Republican CluD; merchants of First Ward; citi
zens of First Ward: two floats.
Third dlvslcn— Marshal, Oeo. If. Mason. Aids—
P. L. ; Koacifiiowski, - Don P. Miller: band; ill.
Kden Drill Corps; Eden Townsh p Repuollcan
Clubs; - Murray Township .Republican . Clubs;
Washington 'iownshlp publicity Clubs.
Fourth division— Marshal, Dr. J. A. D. Hulton.
Aids— H. M. \V ate bury, George H. Phillips, A.
r-mith. James -Kearney: -band: University • Re
publican (.lob, Berkeley; Oakland Township Be
pub'ican Clubs; citizens of Oak and Township.
1 ifth T division— Major J. F. Hayes.
Aids— V. J. Downey, J. F. Vaugun, I. L. Cavasso,
H. D. Cushlng, H. S. Gard, I. F. Bosworth, T. J.
Fish. •
Band.
Merchants and clerks.
' • Seventh Ward Republican Club.
Fifth Ward Republican Club.
* r J. Third Ward Republican Club..
Second Ward Republican. Club.
;. Drum Corps. . .
Colored American .ucKiniey Club.
Sixth division— Marsnal. George C. Hunt. Aids-
Ale P. Leach, W. J. McDonald. • '
I .■••■; ■• - 800. — V
■ ' 1 National Republican League.
■ Street Railroad .\itn's Republican Club.
ivventb divUion— Marshal, D. W. Martin. Aids—
•M.\V. Dun ton, J. J. Lerrl, A. Mitchell. ' >
, ,' . Band. . » . .
Alameda i.rlil Corps. •
Republic. n Clui.s of Alameda.
Citizens of Alameda.
Eighth division— Colonel J. E. McElroy.
Aide— Giles H. Gray, .E. W. Woodward, Jl. W.
Richardson.
Band.
Young Men's Republican League, egcortlncr
Army and Navy League of Oakland. Alameda and
Berkeley. . - ■
Ninth .-;, division— Marshal, : Charles Mautalen
ALAMEDA, Cal. Nov. 6.— Seth W. Cushman, cashier of the San Joaquin Valley Railroad Company, and Mrs. Olive
Reed, daughter of C. G. Reed, cashier of tbe Union National Bank of Oakland, will be married after the holidays. They
expect to spend their honeymoon in Europe. Both are well known here, where they have lived for some time. Mrs. Reed
is one of the most popular and best known singers on the coast. At present she is singing in Trinity Church, San Francisco,
and teacning voice culture. The wedding will be one of the events of the season of the society set of this side of the bay.
Aids— H. Bercovlch, William Watklnson, W. D.
Heitman, Albert Kayser, A. J. Snyder.
Band.
Forty-eighth Assembly Drill Corps.
Fourth Ward Hepubilcan Club.
Sixth Ward Republican Club.
Piece of artillery.
Unasslgned organizations.
V. W. Gaskilu
Official: Grand Marshal.
Webb N. Peakce, Chief of Staff.
REPORT APPROVED.
Agreement of the Conference Com
mittee on Harbor Improvement*
Indorsed by the Council.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 6.— The City
Council passed a resolution last night in
dorsing the recommendations of tbe joint
committee appointed by the Alameda {
Boerd of Trustees and Oakland Board of j
Trade, ana a^ked the Secretary of War to |
grant the petition of the two organlza- {
tions. This will be signed and sealed and !
forwarded to the officials at Washington,
and become a part of tbe already volumi
nous records of the Oakland harbor
squabble. As the signatures of the Ala
meda committee are aigne.J to the former I
document and it is a part of the Council I
resolutions they will have the pleasure of i
being put on record in Washington as j
agreeing to the order of procedure.
I hey Return Thank*.
OAKLAND. Cal., Nov. 6.— When Conn- j
cilman J. K. Capell died the Council pre- '
sented tbe family with an engrossed copy I
of resoluiions of respec: adop.ed and have I
received the following letter of thanKs for
their action:
To the Hon. President and Mtmbtn of the City
Council— Dear Sirs: Tne pall of grief in siiil
upon our household, in our loneliness |
we have not forgotten our duty to your honor- I
able and sympathetic bo'iy, but have i"clayed
our acknowledgment because each attempt j
has only added intensity to our t-o: row. It is;
with full and aching hearts that we here- I
with extend to you our deepest gratitude lor
the high respect and esteem In which you
have enthroned the memory of a beloved hus
band and father.
Next to his own presence In our home we
ho.d sacred the beautiful and touching memo
rial and resolution' presented by you, his as
sociate!) in public office and private liie. We
realize t'rat the voice of the council is the
voice of the city of Oakland, therefore in
thanking you we thank the citizens of Oak
land for the many noble tributes to our aacred
and beloved dead.
The floral offering was so beautiful in de
sign and workmanship — "The vacant chair"—
typical of his seat in your council chambers
and at our fireside, is full of sweetest memo
ries to his family. While our loss is greater
than language can adequately portray, yet
one consolation is proportionate only to the
high esteem in which he was held by all who
knew him. Respectfully and gratefully,
Mrs. E. S. Capell ajtd FamiLT.
Personal Property Tax.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 6. — Auditor
Snow has found that by the changes In the
Political Code made by the las; Legisla
ture he is virtually responsible for tne en
tire personal prooerty tax roll. Section
3831, which by the charter is made to
apply to tbe City Auditor, reads:
Within fifteen days alter the first Monday in |
August of each ye«r the Auditor of the county, !
or city and county, must make a careful ex- ,
amiuatlon oi the assessment book or books of :
tbe county, or city and county, and ascertain '
therefrom the amount or amounts of all taxes I
that should huve been collected by the Asses
sor in pursuance of this chapter and which
have not been collected. He must then state
an account to tLe Assessor and demand from j
him that the amount or amounts so remaining j
uncollected shall be paid into the county
treasury within fifteen days from the date of
said demand. If, at the expiration ol said
time, the Assessor has not settled lor and paid !
raid amount or amounts into the treasury as |
aforesaid the District Attorney must com- i
mence an action in the proper court against !
the Assessor and his bondsmen for the recov- j
cry of said amount or amounts so remaining
unco.it cted ; and upon the trial of such action
-no defense shall be admissible except that the !
assessment or assesments are illegal, invalid
or void.
Taxpayers Money Saved.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 6.— Connty
Clerk Frank C. Jordan has saved Ala
rr.eda County no less tnan $15,000 in get
ting out the new great register, and by a
little foresight has added another $4000 to
the credit side of the ledger in the matter
of election supplies. Under previous
officers the ereat registers and all election
supplies have been mutilated, destroyed,
mislaid or stolen. As are ult a new sup
ply had to be purchased at each election.
Mr. Jordan made all election officers give
a receipt for the supplies, and held them
personally responsible for their return.
Very nearly everything was returned and
is being boxed up and put away for future
use. ■
HISTORY OF A DAY.
A lamed a County Happening* Told la
Brief Chapters..
Sheriff White has been appointed assignee of
the estate of George Johnson, the Havwards
Insolvent.. ,
M. Brown of 139 Haven street was struck by
an electric-car on Twenty-fifth street last even
ing and had his left leg broken. iasieyen
The charitable people of Oakland are arrang
ing tor an entertainment 10 be Riven at tbo
Macdonough Theater Thursday evening
November 19, for the purpose of raising fun.*'
for a .Christmas tree for the children of the
Preacott School of West Oakland.
Mrs. Beatrice Priest-Fine has been engaged
to sing at the first Hinrichs-Beel symphony
and operatic concert at the Baldwin Theater
Sunday evening. She will slnjr "the lamous
"Bell Song" and the whole second act irom
"Lakme" with Willis Bacheller, tenor.
■ George Bates, ex-principal of the defunct
Berkeley Gymnasium, is having considerable
trouble in securing a final discharge in In
solvency. When the academy was discon
tinued Bates owed a great many bills, not the
least among them being the salaries of several
of his teachers.
A club has been formed with nineteen char- I
ter' members, rto be known las the Seminary
Park Improvement - Club, -' for the - sanitary, I
social and moral improvement of said district,
with the following named officers for the first
term: C. Anderson, president; T.-.Le Clare,
vice-president; S. Nolan, secretary; F. Orra,
treasurer.
Mr. * Wilitea, husband of : Rev. Mrs. E. ••: T.
Willtes, and a prominent lawyer in Sioux
Falls, S. Dak., was elected Judge of the Superior
Court Tuesday on the -silver ticket. Mrs. 1
Wilkes will " soon : go , back ;to Sioux : Falls . to
spend Bone months, but she cannot live there
because of the climate. '•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
WILL WED A RAILROAD OFFICIAL.
HIS SKULL WAS CRUSHED
A Pleasure Trip That Ended
Disastrously for a Pleasure
Party.
The Encinal Recreation Club Receive
Their Apparatus and Prepare
for Active Work
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 6— Mr. and Mrs.
Franklin Winchell, who are here visiting
the latter's sister, Mrs. Mary J. Ryer of
Pacific avenue, met with a serious accident
yesterday afternoon tnat will lay Mr.
Winchell up for some time to come. They
went out to Leona Heights in a wagon
driven by Jack Foparty to visit Mrs.
Ryer's country residence. On their re
turn the horses took fright at a steam
roller near the corner of Fruitvale avenue
and the county road and cramped the
wagon. Boards had been placed across
the top of the wagon for seats, but these
slipped off and threw the occupants out
upon the ground.
Fogarty had his ankle badly sprained
and was otherwise bruistd. Mrs. Wincheli
was severely cut abaut the face and head
and was hurt internally. Mr. Wincbeli
was neaily killed, and it is thought that
his skull is fractu>ed. He is very low and
may die of vis injuries. The unfortunaie
trio were pitted up and taken to Mrs.
Ryer's home, where they are being cared
for by uhysician^.
Ready (or Gymnasium Work.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 6.— The Encinal
Recreation Club has received Its ap
paratus, and it is being placed in position
in Aiameda Hal, on Bank street. The
interior of the hall has been remodeled.
In tbe main room the parallel and hori
zontal bars, swinging rings and punching
bag have been placed. It will be used
wholly as an exercise room. The inner
banquet-room has been fitted up with
lockers of tbe latest pattern. Tbe other
one will be carpeted and used for parlors.
A small room has been fitted with bat s.
The board of directors met to-night and
ilivide't the membership into classes for
gymnasium work.
The dumbbell work under the Sandow
system will be taught by H. F. Sheldon,
wiiile Perham Nuhl will have charge of
the work upon tne bars. Together they
will teach all who desire the art of box
ing. The membership is limited to fifty
and the roll is full.
Married On the Quiet.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 6.— The friends
of Miss Agnes MacLaurm and Al Sfcurr
will be greaily surprised to learn of their
marriage on me 12th oi last month in ban
FrenetMO. The Rev. Mr. Spauldine of
Christ Episcopal Church officiated. The
bride has resided in this city for the past
four years and is tho daughter of Fred
Freeahamer ot 2516 Telegraph avenue.
The croom is a clerk of the Van Voorheis
pharmacy. The happy couple have gone
to housekeeping near the store and will
welcome tn*-ir friends. None but the im
mediate families of the contracting parties
knew anything of the affair until to-day.
Tax Money Needed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 6.— The funds In
the city treasury are getting low and there
is likely to be a delay in the payment of
the employes of the city it the taxpayers
do not pay up faster. Treasurer Whe'eier
does not want to imike an apportionment
until $10,000 has b«n received, and at the
present rate this sum will not be received
for yeveral weeks. He is at present making
his October -statement, and until then he
will not know the exact condition of the
various funds.
Their Annual Ball.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 6.— The annual
ball of Company G. N. G. C, was held to
night in Armory Hall, which had been
tastefully decorated for the occasion by
members of the company. The young
people of this city and Oakland were largely
represented, and all seemed to enjoy them
seives. borne beautiful dresses were no
ticeable, while tbe gentlemen of the com
pany wore their uniforms.
Encinal City Brevlt el.
The Alerts have dincovered and picked up a
new ball-twirler — a left-banded oue at that
In Bennie Cavo, son of August C'avo, a Park
street stonecutter.
A. Kleupfer, driver of the Citizens' Hook
and Ladder truck 1, and Miss Etta McCoy of
Loa Gatos were married in the latter's place
yesterday afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs. John Perry of Oak street have
lost two of their children this week. Wednes
day Barnard died and was buried yesterday.
Last night Joseph succumbed to the same
disease — pneumonia.
Mrs. J. B. Evans sustained a broken arm
yesterday. She is an elderly lady and while
coming downstairs at her home on Pacific ave
nue slipped, falling upon one ol her arms,
breaking the bone.
An "old-time social" was given at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Barber. 1421 High street,
last evening for the benefit of tbe Second
Kegimentof the Boys' Brigade, which takes in
all the Alameda companies.
Flower thieves are again plying their nefari
ous business in Alameda. Several gardens
have teen robbed oi choice shrubs and plants
recently and last night the miscreants made a
raid along Railroad avenue, near Verdi street.
The members of the First Baptist Church
tendered the Rev. J. F. Moody, their new
Sastor, a reception in the church last night,
iauy of the city pastors, as well as Baptist
pastors of San Francisco and Oakland, were
present.
Dr. W.JK. Bcott will give a mus!cal3and
dramatic recital on the evening of the 17tn in
Armory Hall, for tho benefit of the Boys'
Brigade. He will give scenes from "Julius
Csesar," "Othello," "Merchant of Venice" and
national dialect selections in costume.
■••• — — ..' .*, ■ .
. ' Archdeacon Webber.
BERKELEY. Cal., Nov. 6.— Great Drep
arations are being; made |by St. Mark's
Episcopal Churck for tlie revival to be
conducted next week by Rev. Percy Web
ber of Boston. Shattuck Hall has been
rented for the Sunday evening and the
weekday services. Some opposition arose
among some of tbe members of the parish
to the holding of the st-rvices outside of
the church in an unconsecrated building,
but owins to the inadequacy of their
edifice to accommodate all who desire to
hear the Archdeacon the objections to the
use of a public building were overruled.
Academic Football.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 6.— The Lowell
High School football team will meet the
Berkeley Hign School team to-morrow
morning on the U. C. field. The line-up
of the Berkeley team will be as follows:
Center, Berka; rljrht guard, Pierce; left
guard, Hill; right tackle, Barrows; left tackle,
Woolsey; right end, Condon; left end;
Masters; right hnlf, Hamlin; left half, Waste,
captain; full back, Mix; quarter, Spencer;
substitutes, Johnson, Boynton, Baxter and
McNulty.
Each team has won a game and each
has lost one. The team which wins to
i morrow will be In the final of the Amateur
Athletic League.
Kvpublicbng AY 111 Parade.
BERKELEY, Cal., Xov. 6.— Berkeley
will be represented in tbe big ratification
of Republicans in Oakland to-morrow
evening. Since Alameua County nns
again become the "banner county" of the
State, Berkeleyans uave been talking of
a "banner town," and are loud in their
jubilation ovit tbe vote in the university
town of more than 2 to 1 in favor of the
President elect.
All tho clubs of Berkeley will be repre
sented in the parade, and "The McKinley
League will turn out to a man," said
President McCiain to-day.
Funeral of Bliss Ogilvie.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 6.— The funeral
of Mis-.Margaret K. Ogilvie was held this
morning at the residence of her sis er. E.
R. Ellison. South Berkeley. Tne graduat
ing class ol the Aiameda High School, of
wbich she was a member, attended in a
body. The service- were conducted by
Rev. F. J. Akers. The hymns selected by
The Much-Marked Envelope That Demonstrates the Perfection of
the International Postal System.
Miss O-'ilvie belore her death were sung
by the Masonic quartet of San Francisco.
Suing the Court.
OAKLAND. Cal., Nov. 6.— The suit of
J. F. Kiernan for expenses contracted and
loss of the services of his wife, who was
injured while a passenger on the High
land Park and Fruitvale electric road
while it was in the hands of a receiver,
Is on trial before Judge Ogden. Mr.
Kiernan and wife first sued and Judge
Ogden decided the accident was due to the
ne^liaence of tne company and submitted
the matter of damages to a jury which
disagreed, and that was submitted to
Judge Ogden to-day.
Sound Money League.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 6.— Tbe execu
tive committee of the Business Men's
Bound Money League have closed up the
work of their campaign and it is proposed
to make the league a continuously active
organization, carrying on the campaign of
education by means of publications and
distribution of literature. A definite plan
will be decided upon later.
Mortgage Foreclosed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 6.— The decree
of foreclosure of the mortgage upon the
Highland Park and Fruitvale electric
road was entered to-day. The suit was
begun May 10, 1894, by the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company ns trustee.
The evidence showed that 103 bonds of
$1000 had been issued and $10,000 in re
ceiver's certificates for running expenses.
The funds have all been secured by F. M.
Smith, the b"rax king, and be will un
doubtedly secure the road when sold.
S|>rinc Valley Conteit.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 6.— The case of
the c . Boring -Valley Water - Company vs.
J. L. Beard is on before Judge Ellsworth.
Ex-Public Administrator Stanley and Mr.
Beard have been on the stand for the past
two days. Much time is being spent in
showing the various kinds of soil on the
land in question and the effects of water
upon the same.
' .' Hay wards to Celebrate;
HAYWARDS, Cal., Nov. a— The Re
publicans of tlii- vicinity are jubilant over
the result of Tuesday's election ana tbe
part which Alameda County played in
brineing the State into line, and have
arranged to ero into Oakland Saturday
night about 400 strong to ratify and jollify
over tbe success of tbe party. It it ex
pected that hundreds from all parts of the
county will attend tnat meeting.
It is probably not a very well-known
fact that the sheddine of tears keeps the
eyes cool. Buch is the case, however, and
no matter how hot the bead may be, so
lon^' ac there are tears, tbe eyes will be
cooL
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
HOT THE FAULT
OF OFFICIALS
Travels of a Letter That
Went to England With
a Faulty Address.
Although Containing No Name or
Direction the Sender Was
Cleverly Found.
MUCH RED-TAPE NECESSARY.
But It Only Serv.s to Show the Per
fection of Detail of International
Postal Systems.
Oakland Office San Frakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. tt, f
A letter covered with postmarks and
searebmarks reached Oakland yesterday
and was returned to the sender, after hav
ing traveled a distance equal to a circuit
of the globe. It served as an interesting
object Jesson in demonstrating the per
fection oi detail which exists in the inter
national postal system. Inadvertently the
name of tbe town in England where the
party resides to whom the letter was ad
dressed was omitted. After sixty days,
although there was nothing in the con
tents of the letter cither by signature or
by address to show who wrote it, it was
returned to the sender.
On September 24 a letter directed to Mrs.
A. E. Smith, Clarence "Villa, Hertford
shire, England, was mailed in the Oakland
office. In due time it arrived at Hertford,
which is the county town of the shire
wnere the party resides. Three days were
spent in searching, but with no success,
and the letter was marked "Not known,
F. H." and returned to the dead-letter
office in London. There it was opened,
but no names could be found in it to indi
cate the sender. It was branded '-Insuffi
ciently addressed" and returned to New
York. Another search there was made,
but nothing more definite than "Toots,
Oakland," was found by way of signature.
A« it was not likely that "Tools" or
Birdie" could be found in a directory, or
would be known to letter-carriers, the let
ter was simply returned to the Oakland
office.
Thvtn another search was made. The
letter contained a money order, which, of
course, cave no information as to the
sender or the party to whom it was sent.
It was, however, supposed by Postmaster
White that th<» sender of tbe money order
■would most likely De the party who wrote
the letter. The rules of the postofnee,
however, are very strict regarding the
identity of the sender of a money order,
as this is its only safeguard. A special re
port had to oe made out, statinc why, in
this particular instance, the rule was
broken, and this report had to be for
warded to Washington.
The order was found to have been issued
to a eontleman who had no difficulty in
proving that he was "Toots :> and that
"Birdif ' was his sister, and on this show
ing the letter was delivered to him. After
signing a long affidavit setting forth that
he was the party referred to as "Toots"
and swearing that he was the legitimate
owner of the letter, it was returned to
him, after having traveled for fifty-nine
days and being within twelve miles of
what was intended should be its destina
tion.
RUNNING STUFFED HARES
The Humane Society Has Been
Invited to Be in At
tendance.
A Display of Live Bhres Coursed by
Fox Terriers Will Also Be
Made.
The directors of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty t o Animals are to be
the guests of the San Francisco Fox
terrier Coursing Club to-morrow afternoon
at the Presidio Athletic grounds.
The club people, who are now 412
strong, and include the better element of
the sport-loving public— bankers, whole
sale me rcnants and lawyers — have de
cided that they want once for all to have
an understanding with the authorities as
to the legitimacy of the fox-terrier run
ning which they inaugurated a few
months ago.
They claim that the terriers are less
likely to catch live hares, and even when
catching them they kill with more dis
patch and less patn than do the hounds.
It Is this test they wish to submit to
morrow to tbe decision of the officers of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals.
The owners of fox terriers in this City
are asked to bring them along. There is
to be no admission fee, and it is desirable,
for the benefit of tbe new sport, that the
critics see tbe work of dogs untrained and
that have never chased a hare.
The regulation stuffed hare, such as
was ran «t tbe end of a string some weeks
ago, will again be coursed between runs of
the live game.
Many years prior to the British occupa
tion ot Egypt some of the people of that
country worshiped the crocodile as a sod.
there being nothing else lite him. They
fed him on dainties ancr decked him out
with jewelry. In other parts of Egypt,
however, the natives looked upon him as
a devil.
Auction Sales
COOK & CO.
123 Kearny Street. '
GORGEOUS CHINA WARE.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets,
AT AUCTION.
The Greatest Auction Sale in History,
■ Dally at 2 o'clock p. m. • .
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
S AUCTION.
OLD ART ASSOCIATION ROOMS,
484 I?IME ST.
OVER- 2000 PIECES OF
ORIENTAL RUGS, ETC.
CONTINUING DAILY AT 2:30 P. M. .
Open for infection from 10 a. m. until 10 p. it
11. SAItAFIAN & CO
ANOTHER COUNTY
WANTS THE BANNER
Marin Thinks That Alame
da Is Not Entitled
to It
But Oakland Republicans Laugh
at Their Near Neigh
bor's Claim.
There is trouble brewing over the ban
ner that is coming from Los Angeles, and
which the Oakland Republicans expect to
carry in the great ratification parade to
night. Marin claims the honor of being
the banner county of the State, ana the
"stalwarts" in and about Sausalito assert
that they are going to have the trophy, no
matter what comes or goea. According to
the votes cast, Marin has a better per
centage than Alameda, and should be en
titled to the flag.
"If the returns are correct, and 1 guess
they are, Marin is entitled to that banner,
and we proposa getting it," said C. C.
Bruce of Bruce, Bowen & Co., yesterday.
"In round figures Alameda polled 66^g
per cent of ail the votes cast for the Re
publican ticket, while Marin polled 66^
per cent. Now, unless there is some
string to that emblem of victory it should
come to our side of the bay, and that at
once. Oakland shall not shine in bor
rowed plumes if I can ho !p it, and when
the flag arrives to-day at 4 p. m. we propose
to be there to receive it.
"Of cours Marin has not anything like
as many voters as Alameda, but then we
have a great many more Democratic
voters in our county than the Oakland
boys have in theirs. We had thus to work
all the harder for our victory, and Mariu
deserves the flag and the title of 'the ban
ner county.' lamon my way now to the
rooms oi the State Central Committee,
and I am sure the members will look into
the matter. I may bt> under a misappre
hension and have mistaken the conditions
under which Mr. Denison gave the flag.
Nevertheless Alameda must not claim the
title of 'the banner couuty.' "
The whole matter promises to develop
into quite a lively controversy, and Cap
tain Bruce is quite sure he has the better
end of it. He was to have gone for a short
cruise on his yacht, the Rover, to-day, Out
has changed his mind and will go to Oak
land to meet the banner instead. It was
Bruce who made the tight of State Sen
ator-elect Dickinson, and the majority
given that gentleman shows now well he
did his work.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. ft— A report
reached this city to-night that Marin
Couuty would claim the RepuDlican ban
ner when it arrived in Oakland to-morrow.
Marin's claim, it is said, is based on the
percentage of the total vote in the county.
By this calculation Marin declares that
Btie polled a larger Republican vote in
proportion Io tne number of votes cast
than Aiameda County recorded.
"Marin County evidently does not un
derstand the terms by which that banner
can be won," said Senator Denison to
night. "Tlvj right to that banner is with
tne county that gives the largest numeri
cal Republican majority. I have not
heard that Marin County's majority ex
ceeded 5000 or that she polled even half of
that vote all told.
"If Marin County thinks she has a right
to that banner she has a perfect rieht to
set forth the claim. At any rate, even by
the percentage calculation it would only
be courteous for them to wait until the
official canvass is announced."
The following dispatch was received at
the County Central Committee rooms to
night:
Ravenna, Cal., November 6.
Hon. Eli S. Denison, Oakland; Hearty con
gratulations on your splendid triumph in
Alameda. Large party leaves Los Angeles to
night on train following me with banner for
Oakland. H. Z. Osborne.
The Baby Precinct.
DECOTO, Cal., Nov. 6.— There were
only two of the seventy-three registered
voters «i the "baby precinct," as Decoto
is called, who failed to place their opin
ions on record Tuesday on the National
issues. While it is a strong Republican
precinct the vote for the Democratic can
didate for Supervisor ran away ahead of
his opponent, owing to some rumors that
were started during the day.
Mrs. Moeller' ■ Plaint.
Louisa Moeller, wife of Henry Moeller, a
Santa Cruz County farmer, has sued her hus
band for $100 a month for separate mainten
ance, bhe alleges that he has deserted her
and transferred his property to his brother
William In order to escape supporting her.
She also asks for judgment for $177, expenses
Incurred in fighting a divorce suit which
Moeller instituted, but subsequently had dis
missed.
The bridal wreath is usually formed in
Germany of myrtle branches; in France
and England of orange blossoms; iti Italy
and French Switzerland of white ro«es; iv
Spain of red roses and pinks; in the
islands of Greece of vine leaves; in Bo
hemia of rosemary; in German Switzer
land of a crown of artificial flowers.
DUD.
MOOBER— In this city, November 6, 1898 Wil-
11am. husband of I.ouUe Mooser, and father of
Joseph H. t Charles E.. Louis H., VVUlia.n Jr
Alice and Albert H- Jiooser, a native of Geneva!
SwitierlaDd. aned 6* years.
JSTNoiiceof funeral hereafter.
WPOD RESTOREDSS
■(X <^' fi f?» I 6? tlon of a j am French physician, will quickly cure you of all nor^
■ V\\ jr.! I \\> * \\ VOU3 or diseases of the generative orpang such «ls f n«t- aVoVTi,
■TMI "• V t&s& Insomnia, Pains in theßnck.Semli.allm&foi^lfer^os^ewStv 1
S3 VJr^ V ' **Sy £'mples, tJnfitness to Marry,- Exhausting l>rai r£ Var"eo£!e lift
9 J V V ConatipatJon. It stops all losses by day or night PreveSn onfr-iri
M > ** / i >^»-^ : ness of discharge, which if notchecked leads to Speraatorrl^ard
8 BEFORE AND AFTER •» the horrors of impolicy. ClJPinKatEcleaSS U?ollv?r. tog
B■■ rFDn» JUT Zr- J^ kidneysand the urinary organs of all imparities. lW
"" CJIPI^KXE strengthens and restores mall weak organs. = *-""«=* _ -•.
Ihe reason suflerer: arc not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are tranhip<i <vtfK
; PMMtstltla. CUPIDENE is theonly kr,6*n remedy to care without an opTratioiT sK^nJonC
-als. A ritteQjpiarant«»e given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a bermanMtTnST
|IXO a box, six for $r>.oo, by mall. Send for free circular and testimonials; *o permanent eura . ,
▲ddlftM UAVOi* ZL&tiUIL&iZ OO.r 1170 Market street, San Francisco, CaL forsalebr
SPEED MD STAYING QUALITIES.
** THESE ARE THE jrv^
■%-tfr ESSENTIALS OP A-Rk
RACEHORSES OF
HIGH CLASS.
If You "Want Something Gilt-edged
Attend the
Sale of Thoroughbred Yearlings
FROM— .
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM
SET FOR
THURSDAY, NOV. 12, 1896,
AT
KILLIP & CO.'S SVLESYARD,
Market St and Van Ness Aye.
- Under Canvas by Electric Light.
Youngsters by the Peerless FLAM-
BEAU, the Record-breaker Kacine,
the Very Successful IXOOD and Imp.
CYRUS, Half-Brother to Imp. Brutus.
From Many of the Most Famous Brood
Mares in America.
At this sale Brothers and Half-brotners to Tnrf
Celebrities, Sisters and Half-sisters to Great Stake
Winners will be disposed ot
£3" Catalogues can be bad upon application to
KILLIF & CO., ;• ;
• Live Stock Auctioneers.
11 Montgomery St.
iECTRIC :o:e;i- i x i js»
,,,, ■*£<' ViVt , Are good things if prop-
§&)x£r!ffimr*&^A>, made: but there n
JL\V'JVCSu& no sense ln paying a high
m^!p^rr^^<^\\Vm price for a poor artlcia
B»^j\-w -^vvjal simply because some ad-
«Sr^a^^V^--g^M vertlsing "quack" do-
■S^t^ UlJaFTrfoi-iyr mands it. buy no Belt
l&Ttt^cSvJr'SwK 1 - 1 .till- you see iJr. Pierces .
Vjif* SJeficTrr *3" Book Free - Call or __
t- <?3v !■ address DX. PIE it CE
?Si> : * St»>*, 704 Sacramento
* 1 St., cor. Kearny, S. F.
Branch Office 640 Market at., a F.
I 3S s frmbHH*is
l^^liAUC Vni! "^rs Throat, FimplesTCopperJH|
kjsllA7£ I ull - colored Spots. Aches, Old Sores,
HHUieers ln Mouth, Halr-Kaliingf "Write COOKK
j^?HKESIE3)Y CO.. SOT Masonic Templet
hientro. 111., for proofs of ceres. Capl- V.
HHtul, 8500,000. Worst cases cured In IC a
Pto OS day. 100-pago book, free. S
/f%^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Al O'Sli 4i i r \^ EAK:VY ST ' Established
BT/riH^ 11 I* s * I""" the treatment of Private
ML fiJ^t^i Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
1 EssKt'S^ "* ease w earingon bodyandmindand
mgfl HB skf " Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
~^lWWrmjE<'uip«jruaraiit««il. Callorwrite,
Br.J. W. ofBBON. Box 1857. 5 an Francisco.
nCEAK TRAVEL.
PACIFIC V COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY /V*n
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: rSSBtX
For Man- Island, Loring, Wrangel, Janean. Kll-
llsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., .Nov. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Belllnihanv.-Bay, Wash.), 9 a. if.'
Nov. 5. 10. 15. .20, 25, SO. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with- the C. P. X. '
. X., at 1 V mm with K. P. R. X., at Seattle with (i.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
'For Kureka, Arcara and Fields Landing (Hum. '
bold: Bay), sir. Pomona 2 p.m., Nov. 1, 6, 9, 13,
17. 21, 35, 29. and every fourth day thereafter. ■
For Snnta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford (sail Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme, nan Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los -Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. x.
Nov. 3, 7, 11, 16, 19, 28, 27, and every fourth
day thereat :er. .
For san Diego, stopping only at 'Port Harrord
(San Luis Oblspo), banta Barbara, Port Los An- ;
feleg, Kedoudo (Los* Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Nov.l, 5, 9, 18, 17, n, 26, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter. ' ' ■ . ■ ■. ; . •  '
For Knseiiada, San Jo«e del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month. "■:>•. ,
'ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sHiling dates. Ticket office— Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ■ . -
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents, .
• < 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PQRTIi'AN ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T?TT/* l2 First-class \ Including
i\XIJ2J\S6 Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: :
State of California Nov. 9, 19, 29. Dec. 9
Columbia...; ......Nov. 14, 24, Dec. 4, 14 .
Through tickets and through' ba?ga;e to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to ..... *>*•. i. 1 -;''*
X F. P. CONNOR. General Agent.
\ * 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Superintendents
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, &sv HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, gl »v
AUSTRALIA. ... \£s.S. AUSTRALIA.
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tuej-
day. November 10. at 10a.il Special party rates.
8. 8. MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND tor SYDNEY, Thursday, Novem-
ber 12, a. 2 p. m. ■ . .
Line to COOLUARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN '
South Africa.
J. H. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agent*
114 Montgomery streak
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COHPAGSIKfiKSEBUTRAJSATLASTIQUI.
French Line to Havre.
/-10MPANY > SPIER(NEW),42 NORTH /Ml
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by iSmJ&K
this line avoid both transit by English railway and.
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first-class $ *: second-class, *lltj. . .
ILA CHAMPAGNE .;............. Nov. 14, sa. st
LATOURAINE.' ..Nov. 21. Noon
LAGA5C0GNE.. ..;........... Nov. 28, 5 A. m.
LA 8RETAGNifi.. ............ ........De0. 5, Noon
LA CHAMPAGNE.. .:........... Dec. 12, 6 a. m.
MM •x- or xuriher particulars apply to % ■
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. Bowling Green, Now Yorfc
j. F. FUOAZi & CO, Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6V- M. Daily. Irelglu received vi
: to >:3l> F. M. .
ggr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
'1 ha only line making through rates on V allay
Road freight. *n ■ ■■
STEAMERS: •
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary G»m»tt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. . Cau Nay. and luiu:. C» '■
VILLEJO AND C. S. SAVYYM
•■* STEAMER "BIOJfTICISLLO,"
Dally at. ............ »10:30 a. m., 4 and 9:30 T. m.
Saturdays.... .......10:80 a. ic, 4 ml
5unday5............. .................... .:..;. 8 r. U.
Landing Mission-street Dock, Pier 2.
- Telephone Black 261.
•Excursion trip, giving 6 hours at Navy- Yard.
FOR SA.UOSE, LOS GATOS&SAm CRUZ
STKAMER ALVISO LEAVE* PIER 1 DAILT .
at 10 a. io (Sundays ezcepted): Alviso dully at
6 P. ' k. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas- .
senger. i-'are between San Franci-ico and Alviso, *
50c; to ' San . Jose, 75c. Clay at., Pier 1. 20 W.
Santa Clara BU, San Jos*. , . . .. t . .
1112
NOSE FINISHES
AT INGLESIDE
A Large Crowd Saw the
Best Day's Racing of
the Season.
The Specterlike Tea Rose Beaten
a Nose by the Crack
Libertine.
A HEW TRACK RECORD MAD 7
Indio, Tenacity and Can't Dance Carry
the Corrigan Colors to Victory.
Ostler Joe Out for an Airing.
The judges at Ingleside were kept busy
yesterday separating horses that finished
noses apart on the wire, and seldom has a
finer day's racing been witnessed in Cali
fornia. From a time standpoint the furi
ous finish between the proud Libertine
and Tea Rose, a lightning fast little two
year-old, daughter of imp. Midlothian,
in the owners' handicap at five and a half
furlon s, eclipsed all of the other per
formances. There were but three entries
to this event, the two snrinters named and
J. Naglee Burkes Belicoso. The two-year
(l :, with eighty-four pounds in the sad
dle, was giviiu' Libertine, with ninety- tive
pounds up, fifteen pou:idt-.
Bellicoso, ridden by Jones, carried 96
pounds. The betting iavored Libertine,
who opened at 7 to 10 and at one time
was as good as cv n money. Bellicoso
was well supported ai 3 to 2, and the little
filly's friends, who were legion, torced her
price down from Bto6to I. Little time
was spent at the SOftt, the trio quickly
being dispatched, with the iavorite slow
est to break. Oft iike a shadow, Tea Rose
led the way, followed by Beilicoso, »he
three furlongs being stepped off in 34
seconds. At the bead of the stretch Lib
ertine began closing on the leader, but
she led him one of the msrriest hunts he
ever had.
Su sure was Pat Reidy that de had the
race won that ne turned in the sadule to
get a glimpse of Libsrtine, and very soon
the youth had a better view of him. Foot
by foot the bay overtook the two-year-old
and just as the wire was reached his nose
showed in front. Beliico«o was two
lengths away. The time, 1:06%, in now
the Ingleside track record and is within a
fraction of a second of the Coast record.
The race developed the fact that Tea
Rose, although not partial to weight, is
possessed ol a marvelous turn of speed,
bordering on the phenomenal. The win
ner ran the five funongs in one minu c
flat, the las; quar;er being covered in 23^
seconds, showintr that Galen Brown's pride
has lost none of his oid-time steam and
propelling qualities.
The other events were equally as well
contested, the big crowd being kept keyed
up to a hii:h piich of excitement. Favor
ites took five of ihe six iaces. The Jorri
gan colors were thrice carried to the front
by Indio, Tenacity and Can't Dance.
Bucked down from two to even money.
In dio waded through his field from one of
the rear positions and placed the opening
fiyv-furlong scramble for two-year-oids to
his credit. True Blue was second and the
500 to 1 shot, Jerilderio, third.
Old Strathmeatb, allowed to wander
back :.:i: .:i the betting on the second event,
over six furlongs, from fours to 8 to 1, was
another that came Irum behind in ibe run
home and goi the decision from R.cardo
by less nan, a length. Thelma, the 11 to
5 favorite, was third.
'The tempter came and he was
tempted!" Ostler Joe, a member of
Trainer Randal i's equine paradox from
the Copper City (Mont.) curriculum, fur
nished a grand exhibition of brute intelli
gence. The knowledge possessed by the
animals in the Montana trainer's charge
borders on the supernatural. They seem
to realize by the crowd that gathers
around the stall in thp paddocK that tne
public is backing them, anJ iliey imme
diately grow wise. Yesterday Ostler Joe
started in a mile da^h along with Kamsin
and three others. The latter opened at 7
to 5, and was backed down to evens.
Ostler Joe opened at 7 to 5, too, and went
back to 2to 1. Then some coin went in on
him, but very little from the iand of
mines and smelter smoke.
The Ostler easily overhauled Sabilla and
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB.
piiiriTH DAY, Friday, November 6. Winter meeting, 1896-97, Weather fine. Track
"-• good.
,~r« FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; conditions: allowances; purse #400.
Index. Horse, weight. St. 14 Vi %
1nd10,2 10S 2 2% 5h
.... True Blue, 2 .... 105 8 ........ 71 '2 2
45 Jerilderlo. 2 108 6 4% 3y,
(4. Scotch Hose, 2... 10.i 4 ........ ilk 11
9 Dura, 2 105 5 6% «Mi
(lb)Alma.2 10.. 1 3ii 76
(31) Gr-ndezla, 2 106 7 .; 5% 414
18 Bohemian La 55 .2 .105 3 8 8
Rei
Str. Fin. Jockey. Op.
4Va Ins w".*Martln...... 2
22 23 Shppard. 10
3h 3% Mr noils 20
12 4 3 Duffv. a
l>Vi 6 a K. lsom 6
7•£ 6h K.J0ne5....... 2
6 3 7 2 Fraw1ey ........ 8
8 .8 Snider... 30
Jockey.
I Betting.
Op. C'l.
atlng.
I'l.
13-10
40
600
4
6
4
60 j
300
' ood start.
Won driving. Winmr. E. Corrlgan's tr c. by imp. Maxim-imp. Ira.
Time, I:U!Vb.
57.
StCO.VD KaCE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; penalties; parse 940 U.
Index.
Index. Horse, age, wight. | St. y4y 4 hi % Str. Fin/! | Jockey. (^.'"'"ci.
.... Strathtne»th, a. ..110 6 .... 61 63 '52 Ihi W.Martin ~4 a
If R^rdo.s 104 3 3h 3h »h. fJii. tt;Srt.™± U 20
41 The. ma. 5. ....... 107 1 In 41 4h 3 n K. Jones.. 2 2
52 >i. Hichard, a....107 5 4 h lh lU. ilk N-irvaez I 1
Gold Bu ? , 6 110 4 7 7 6 6h Shaw """" "0 st
*% %*s**,*' a : i—\?& I- 52 ii 3h 66 . Gofden.:::;::::: 15 i
43 McFurlane, 4.. ..107. 2 21 5 2 7 7 Mac<lln « k«
48 Mvarado, 3......107 left ;... . ' h Jianin""'" 72 *
48 Daylight. 3...... 102 left ........ ......'.'. '.":'.'.'.'.: PlgßOtt . .'.' ! ! '. ". 8 la
Good siaru Won cleverly.
l:l6Vz-
Winner, G. B. Morris' b. g. by Btrathmore-Flower of Meath.
Time
58.
1 HIKD RACE— One mile; Belling; three-year-olds and up; purse 9400.
Index. I Horse, ace, weicht. St. 1,4 hi % Str.
3". Kamsln 8 104 2 32 3 2 32 ~~2~2~
48 st.erJoe,3 105 6 2h 2y* 2v. 11
:5 Joe Terry. 3 91 3 4b. 41 4 2 33
47 Marcel. 5...... 107; 4 6 5 6 6
t5 Sabilla.4 105 118 18 lh ; 4
Fin.
1 h Cochran 7-6
I 6 Duffy 7.5
3 2 K.Jones 4
4hi Plg«Ott 15
5 H. Martin 16
Jockey.
Betl'.ng.
Op. 1.
1
8 5
6
25
20
Uood stun.
vl'on drlvlrif.
Winne-, L. Kzeil's b. g., b -. Blazes-Miss HalU
Time, 1:41%.
59. iOVRIa KACii - s lx furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse $40u.
Ind. 1 ! Horse, age. weight. St. ;,. %'
■.'..•..'.. Tenacity.' 3 1051 2
28 Xavv Bine. 4.. 107 -4
27 NicNac-,3 ...... 102 5
43 Therese, 3........ 102 1 ........
• 3H Hazel D, 3... .....102 6
53 Mr Philip. 3......105 3 ........
'0 ! ay Jones. 3.. ...10? 7
53 Moran 1 8..........102 8 ........
_%_ %
5 V 3V 3 5h
6 Va 65
1 h 2%
3fr lh
4 2 4V%
•in . 3 n
7 30 7 SO
.-B?*4 .8-.
42 Ins 'T. Murphy. 66 65
3V, 2 3V* H. Martin 7 10
lh 3 3^ K. Jones 3 7-"2
2 1 4 4 .It. laom 11-5 11-5
« 6h Kr.iul-v 12 ]5
° 62 Bout 30 250
720 Lenhart 30 200
Jj o Ho mes 160 300
str.
Fin.
Jockey.
I Batting.
|Op. Cl.
3ood st rt.
Won driving.
Winner, K. Corrlgan's br. c by Longfe, low-Modesty.
Tune, I:i6y,.
60.
FIFTH KACE-Flveand a half furlougs; owners' handicap; purse #400.
Ind. I Horse, age, weight. St. 14 . % %
(32) Übertlne, 5 ......: 95 ~T .:...." 3 3 ~
(3) Tea Hose, 2... .84 1 :....... 12 13
(42) Hi- licoso, 4. 96 -3 .......*. 23% '21
Str.
3
Jin.
;lli"
24
3
Jin.
Jockey.
K. horn
Beldy
X Jones
Jockey.
I Hotting.
I Op. Cl.
3-5
6
7-5
4-6
6
7-6
Good start. Won driving. Winner. J. O. Brown & Co.'s b. h., by Leon»tui-Fa alse.
Time, 1:0634-
-- j SIXTH. HACK— Seven fur.ongs; selling: three-year-o.ds and up; purse $400.
Index.
lex. Horse, a«e, weight
50 ant Dance, 3.. 105
44 IP.TII. 6 107
•28 ISympth's Lhsl, a.l 7
44 Arundel.s 110!
44 (.ar we I, 3 108!
37 I Broad Billow, 3.. 102 1
Horse, a«e, wei«?hu
3
4
6
~t.
Vi hi %
3 2 3 4 '2 1 I
'2 2 12 1 lixi
1 h 2b 83
565 6 6 3
■l'2Va 4 2 4 3
6 6 6
Sir/ [ Fin. Jockey. . Op*'
2 3 lh ' T. Murphy T~
11 2 8 E. J0ne5...... .3
«3 3 4 M.-Glenna...... 50
5 10- .44 Knos.-......-. x
4 4 by, Mcholls ;.; v;o
JB ■■- 6 v Pi^ott.v.y.rv'-! '7
s lr .
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. CL
ttlog.
CL
7-10
3
.00
V --.5
, 26
8
OooJ s.ar;.
Won e»sily Winner, £. Corrlcan'k b. c., by Longfellow- Square Dance.
Time. 1:30.
galloped into the stretch. Below the fur
long role Duffy took a conventional nan,
and ,: Kamsin : coming along passed him
and won by a few inches, apparently on
sufferance, in , lA\%. If dropp d in a
handicap in the near future and . the odds
are anywhere in the region of 1000 to 1,
i why, Ostler Joe will undoubtedly figure a
cineh — in the stable.
After this a six-furlong sprint furnished
an opportunity for another Corrigan horse
to annex a pur*e. Starting a9to 5 favor
ite Tenacity outfiniihed as well at bumped
one or two of his field through i tie stretch
and won by a short nose from Navy Blue,
a 10 to 1 chance.
The last race proved an easy thing for
Can't Dance, the 7 to 10 choice, who out
gained Peril and won somewhat handily
by a necK in 1:30 for tue seven furlongs.
■ ♦
Noes.
Tenacity, winner of the fourth race,
entered to be sold ior $300, was bid up to
$700 by Tom Boyle, owner of Navy B ue,
the second horse. Mr. Corrigan retained
the colt with the usual $5 bid.
Martinus, the steeplechase jockey who
rode the crack jumper Si. Jacob in his
Eastern and Montana engagements, ar
rived froiu the East yesterday. Martinus
jumped from obscurity to the top of the
ladder, now being considered one of the
best riders in that dangerous vocation.
St. Jacob injured a shoulder in a race at
Oakley and will shortly be shipped to
Montana. Later he may be sent to Cali
fornia to race.
The ring got slightly scorched by laying
40 to 1 a show against Jerilderio.
Naglee Burke backed his filly, Dura,
quite extensively, but she lailed to land
within the money.
True Blue ran a remarkably good race
and many thought he passed the wire
ahead of" Indio. The latter certainly did
not have any time to spare lor star-g;izing.
W Hie Martin's saddle work astride of
old Strathmeath was a most artistic piece
of work. Some of the younger knights of
the pigskin might profit by watching the
old-timer now and then.
Bob Isom was substituted for Picgott
on Therese at the request ot Mr. Spreckels.
Tea Rose worked through the stretch
on Thurs ay moniing in 22% seconds.
] Th( rllly i* playimr in luck that Domino,
! Tremont, Ameiicus and other cracks are
j not quartered on the track, for she would
I probably be bumped up against them.
The card to-day is a very lengthy one,
seven even is being down for decision.
Following are the entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling— l 2B g
: Chief 107, Arctic 112. La»i Chance 109, Dei
Norte 114, 43 Ked Idle 104, Tia Juana 104.
■ letranh 107, 43 Don Gar« 104, Banjo 109,
I 44 Castaiu-iie 99, Alvero 104.
second race, rive and a half furlongs, handi
cap, two-year-old^ — (51) Howard B 117.
George Palmer 105, 34 Duuboy 104, (39)
Hannetta 104. 45 Horatio 10U.
Third race, seven furloups, place purse —
52 Monterey 112. Arno 109, Malo Diablo 112,
50 Harry O 104, 13 Jay Wheeler 81, til Peril
■ 109, Catherine the Great 81, 53 Rebekah 81,
i 59 Navy Blue 109.
Fourth race, one and a half miles, hurdle—
i 61 Brtai Biliow 118, 37 Baby hill 145, 36
fin Smughter 147, 49 B dford 145, (49) J O C
1 149, 49 governor BucM 118.
Fif h race, one mile, purse— sl Lincoln II
] 82, 32 Ruinart 108, Instigator 108, 19 Damlen
; 108, (54) Hazard 113.
Sixtn ra<e. five and a half furlongs — 42 Per
haps 114. 27 Montgomery 114, 18 Dolore96,
! 45 Geyser 99, 54 Model 119, 57 McFarlane,
, 119,42 imp. Santa Bella 114, 43 Preceptre>s
Seventh race, six furlongs, selling— l 6
Tonino 110, (44) Una Colorado 109. 40 St.
Aignon 105. (38) Red Pike 104, (43) Veragua
; 10b, 30 Siimuar 104, 52 Circe 104, 52 Doubt
lul 99, 38 Miss Ban 99, Arctic 112, 46 Lv
, cille 104.
SACRAMENTO'S CHIEF.
Supreme Court Decision Concerning a
Salary for a Police Position.
The Supreme Court has decided the case of
Warren F. Drew against John B. Rodgers, in
voiving the office of Chief of Police of Sacra
mento. The decision was that "there is no
error in the record available to defendant and
the order appealed from should be confirmed."
Drew was elected Chief of Police for Sacra-
I memo for a term of two yea: s, from April 1,
1890, under the law which provided that in
I cn-te of a vacancy the City Trustees might fill
i by appointment until the nex r . election. At
j the city election of March, 1892. Rodgers
I received the majority of votes, and the can
i vassing board declared him elec ed, but on
i June 17, 1892, he was adjudged to be in-
I eligible by reason of «!ien«ge. He appealed
1 and the judgment was affirmed by the Supreme
; Court in De> ember, 1893.
In Ap il, 1892, Rodeers had forcibly dispos
: sessed Drew ul the office, and having subse
! quently been natu nlized. the Citj Trustees,
! iv June, 1892, mnde him Chief until the next
! city election, and at the city election of 1893
he was again c ected by the voters and was
duly dec ared Chief of Poice. The new char
ter of Sicramento went into operation in Jan
uary, 1894, and the office of Chief of Police
was made appointive instead of elective. The
Supreme Court opinion in part is as follows:
"The judgment is uot In form appropriate to
the siate of the case at the time of the trial,
the office having been abolished, but it cannot
be corrected on this appeal, which is ior an or
der denying a motion for a new trial only."
Tea at Belvedere.
The tea thai was to have been held at the
residence oi Mrs. J. S. Matoon, Belvedere, on
October 31. end which was postponed on ac
count of unfavorable weather, will take place
to-day, November 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7. 1896.
HEALTH BOARD
EMPLOYES OUT
Two Insp p ctors Removed
and Several Others
Appointed.
Advantage Taken of the Recent
Raise in the Appropria
tion
H: B3ARD COMMENDS ITSELF
Extraordinary Precantirm to Be
Taken Against the Spread of
Disease.
The Board of Health took occasion to
congratulate itseif on its administration
at a meeting held yesterday, and not only
to tell ■ hat it had ilonp in the past, but
what it intended to do in the future.
B -fore eettin^ down to throwing bou
quets at itself the board took occasion to
make a number of changes among its em
ployes that hay been contemplated for
some time.
The position of Inspector A. T. Patton,
who declined to resign, was declared va
cant, and P. L. Long was apj>ointeii to the
vacancy.
The resignation of Inspector Q. W. Stout
was accepted, and A. P. Donovan was
chosen to fill the place. The new positions
of assistant food inspectors, recently cre
ate.i and provided for by the increased |
appropriation granted by the Board ol
Supervisors, were rilled by the followin ■:
Harry o'Donnell, T. McEtov, J. Lahuney,
P. K' ssam, R. H. Lyons ;imi K. A by.
Each wi.l receive a salary i>f $75 a month.
A. T. Tayior and v. W. Davis were ap
pointed outside assi-tant food inspectors
at salaries of $75 a month each.
The annual report to M-.iyor Sutro, as
president of the board, was then read by
Secretary Godchaux. Af'er reviewing to
some extent the history of previous ad- j
ministrations, the effurts of the present j
body were taken ui> arid the why an-i the ;
wherefore of its success diluted on. Its !
success v! effort to procure an increase of
the $26,000 annual appropriation, with
which previous boards had been satisfied,
was described at length, and the fact that
it had succeeded in getting an appropria- !
tion of $65,01)0 proudly pointed out.
The tight a. ainst filth and unsanitary;
buildings in Cbinat wn was aso treated !
at some length and the great benefits de- I
rived irom the destruction of the old j
structures called to notice.
After showing the great advantage of
the fo d-inspection stations that are to be
established the report concludes:
"This warfare against disease will be
carried still further an l with more ag
gressiveness than before. The efforts i»I
the board will include therecommenda- j
tipn of the adoption o an ordinance pro
hibiting, under penalty of arreat, the
habit of indiscriminate expectoration in
streets and other puolic piaces, as well as
other m- asures wich will tend to educate
the general puD.ic up to t c proper recog
nition of tuberculosis as a highly danger-
OHI and infectious disease, and suuiect to
the same regulations and restrictions as j
those diseases which are now classed ss 1
dangerous and infectious, but which, in i
comparison with tuberculois, deserve but a j
fraction of considera ion."
The contract for building a nw ambu
lance was awarded to O'Brien & Sons for
$650.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Edward H. and Jane K. Randall to William 11. j
M Neil, undivided half interest in lot on W line'
of Van Ness avenue, 107:6 S of Val ejo street, S !
30 by W .23; $3375. - - ■■-.
William Muhlenbrink to Mary Mublenbrlnk, lot |
SW corner of Bush and Taylor streets, \V 25:6 by ;
S 68:9: gift. • £ ,; V
Robert and Frances G. Ferral. William 11. and
Etta I. l'avson mid John B. Bacon to Johanna
Bu. on. lot on s line of Post street. 112:6 W of
Buchanan, W 25 by S 137:6, quitclaim deed: f 10. '
Frank M. Pixley to Amelia V. R. Pixley. lot in !
Western Addition block 345 bounded by Fillmore i
Stelner. Green and Union streets: gift. . -
Adolph Krouberc to Annie Kronber*, lot on N '
llneof Turk street, 210:6 \V of Pierce, W 2W by N '
137:6: also all other moneys, life Insurance, en
dowments, real or personal properties belonging i
to me or that shall accrue throuyh my demise: j
gift.
Lazarus Shapiro to Thomas K. and Mary F. Me- i
Eneauy. lot on W line of : Folsom street. 6.) of I
Twenty-first. S SO by W 90; f 0.
Fredrr.ck A. Dodge to Joseph Dubbel, lot on X
line of air Oaks street, 244 s of Twenty-first S
32 by E 117:6: $10. fif»
Mary B. Pratt, Henry H.. Alexander H.. Sophie
C. and Georgia C. Buhne to Charles C. Uemis, un
dlv dea »A of lot on sW corner Army and Guerrero
streets, W 300, S 114, 200, N ti2:j. fc. 100. N
51:6: $776.
C. D. and Grace L. Vincent to Alba F. Smith
lot on Eltne of Diamond .street, 97:6 8 of Twen
tieth. S Mb by E 1.5: *10.
.henry F. Bruna to Joseph Schweitzer, lot on
N \V corner Pacific and r?ansome streets. N 3 . -4M.
by \V67:tS; $10. • , *■•*•*
John H. Miller to Annie E. Brown, lot on W line
of >-alma place, 137:6 N of California, S 27:6 by
Louis Metzger to Edwar.i Metzscer. undivided
third of lot on 1". line of Tl:lrt\ avenue, 150 H
of C stieei, n 180 by JS 120: .0
Kate Judge to John Judge, lot on 13 line of Thir
t ty-fifth avenue, Tib N of o street, \ 75 by !•. "40
-also lot on f. line os Thirty-fifth avenue, 176 N of /
R street. N 50 by E 120; also lot on E line of ,
Forty-fifth avenue, 167 A of J street, N () by E
120: also lot on S line of Liberty street. 105 W of
Church, W 60 by b 114: gift.
George M. and Ethel M. Mathcws to Llllie C.
kf»g< rs (wife of Lemuel C), lots 859 and 361, Gift
Map 3; $10.
•' ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Ann Harris to John Ames lo; on W line of Cen
ters, reet, 268:0*4 -of West.Twelfth.thence paral
lel with f> line ot West Twelfth street 132 -VIA
thence 8 '.'OO. E 134:1%. N VOO to beginning, b*-'
Ing block 657, Oakland: also lo on \V line of Cen
ter » reel, 2u8:034 *"> of Went Twe fth. S 50 W i
132:7 V*. >' 50, E 132:01/,, being lots 19 and' -.0
block 667. map of Cenlor-stret-t lots, Oak ami ■ i
also lot on X line of Myrtle street, 193:9 .». of West '
Twelf h street or Central avenue, s 3i, E 125 N !
35. W, 125 to beginning, Oakland: also lot o.i XE
corner of Myrtle ami West Twelf.h streets, X 125
by N 105, bloc* 568: also lot on X line i f .Vug
nolu street, 118:3 N of Tenth. M SO by E 128:3
Oikland, so lot on W line of Adeline »tree '
170.62 N of Tenth, W 136.50. s 75, r. 13650. \v
75 to beglnninz; also lot on SW corner of Ade lne
and Twelfth streets, S 50 by W 12b*:3, all being
subject to lite estati', Oaiclund; gift. .
a. and Rom Ida - sbarboro .to mih Francisco
Mn ual Loan Association,. lot on N .Inc. or McKee
street, 338.40 E of Baker. E 60. N 133 94, W 50
s 133 32 to b gin ink. being 10f9,-biock H*
amended map of J. W. Crawford Tract, Oakland
'luwtiHhip: 18. "--■»"• ..i
A. E. beverns to same, lot 5, block D, J. E. Mo-
Elrath Trac , Oakland Township; $ ai.
John (^uzanego to Claude Ponzia, lit on E line of
T. nth street, 16 Sof University avenue, 860 by
B US, bock 100. ; tract •B. Berkeley «Lanj »nd
Town Iniurovemenl Association, Berkeley $25
H len and Helen A. Moy s (by : attorney) "to
I), vi I Moves, all Interest, beginning at a point
nearly in front of a iiotise formerly owned by
P. E. Edmondson: i thence to the KW corner of
old San Leandro bildge. 212 feet: thence 129 to
SE corner of ..i.monson's old fence; then « alone
the middle of San Leandro Creek 132 to New -an
Leaudio bridge: th. nee along W side of said lam
bridge 282, to beginning, Brooklyn Townsbln
gran I " "flinpFWTHiiWlilM'i <WllW'il|ll'HlKl|l»ili fWlMfciijij
Henry Z. and Sarah M.Jones to Leander Shores,
lots 16 to 24, b.icc 1, iota 21 to 8, block 4, .\llen
daie Tract, sub] : ci to mortgage, biuoklvn Town
ship; * 10. - ;■'■:..
Andrew E. Severns to San Francisco Mutual
Loan Association, loi on N lin" of Highland
venue, 80 W of Laurel street: W 4J by .\ 132.51 i,
being lot 11, block X, Amended Map Jloss Tract,
Brooklyn I'owmhip; $1 >. .-■:. ■ . ■ ■
: *• lviia P.Thornilyke io Manuel: Duarte, lots 1
and .16, block 98,'. town of Decoto, ■ Washington
Township; $450. •>-;;
■* Same to Francisco Janrrlo, lots' 6 and 12, block
98, tame, Washington Township: *10.': • •
.' Frances H. .\icrs<tn to Amy J." Werner : (wife of
George), lot on s\\ line of East Nineteenth street'
12.'i si- of Fourth avenue; SK 25 .>y SW 160
block 103, Clinton. -feast Oakland; gift. ; l '
Samp io Will'am J. Tur.i'r, lot on :SW- line of
East Nineteenth nlr>-el, 150 >»■. of 1-ourtli avenue
RE .5 by bW 150,' block 103. same, East. Oaiclatid'
get. '- ■;'.-■ -• \ . ;. ..' ;.' ." ;. • .-. . t •'.
--. Frank H., Williamson to Grace ; K. 1 Williamson,
lot on X corner ot ; East Tweuty-iourth : street ana
Eleventh avenue, s . 150 by;NE 150, block 150
«»i»;, E»>t Oakland: gift. • '
'■ '-.William I. and JOKieA. Bell io S. S. Bryan, of
on E line of Fulton street, 44 s of Bancroft way, a
43 by E 100, being portion lot 8, bIoCK 13, map of
property of College Homestead .ociation, Berke
ley; *10. . . - -
John ana Jessie Laing to P. M. »nd Bella I aln?,
lot on X line of Bl in'- avenue,' 22s Sof Twelfth
KIM , S 60 by E )25," being port ons of lots 5 and
6, block M, Huntington' Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: »10. ■ -■ , \
Victor C. Jacks to Christ Nelson, lot on N line of
Scl'ool sire, t, 125 X of Frultvale avenue.' E 31.79,
N 172. W. 31 60, S 175 86 t«. beginning, being por
tion i f lot 10, block ) D, Champion Tract, Brook
lyn Townablp; $10. ' - ipn^MKßli
Daniel ai,d Victoria i Stuart to Union Savings
Bank, Io: on s corner of Harlnn street and Te e
graph road. -W55 . . E : 300. 658, >W to b«
gli sing, being lot 9 and pi" lon oi lot 8, Hurlans
Addition to Town o: San Leandro, Eden Town
ship; $10. \
•—•• — • *
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAM) HOTEL.
A L I.«yinsky, Stockton J B Hoyt. Birds Landing
A Simpson. Los Angeles G A Hoffman, Sacio
H Thorp, -acto G EiKeis, Sac to
!■- C Hart, sacio Ri>rang>-r, NationHl City
Miss M Miih Im, Cal J Q Hastings, Nut City
> is- AJ g. %tna, Cal G Palm-r, ios Angeles
Mrs McUra'.b. sacto A Cadwell, Petaluma
Am s uart. ( ouitland J S Marines, Lln<o . n
A M Graff, Ides F P Kent alee. Berkeley
P L Miller. BerKH ey H A Fra >son, Port Costa
H W Jacn son, Berkeley ETBIat-fe Berkeley
H A l.oeding, i erkeleV JB Metcaif, Berkeley
i; W al PJ ' ark, Berkeley
O B Pough, Or F L Com s, Nupa
D I: Giliis Prescott A P Half hill. Los Ang
0 A Co'e, Cal .Mrs A B Andr w s, Cal
CG U like. Del Monte H > Granger, Kuns
II •' Veauh. - »d a Cruz J M Kbv, Sac o
* Cotlin, (.arson W li Nichos, Cal
W J Knox, Oakland <- W Chandl r, M Cruz
C W Mcl o ith. NY J A An r ws, Los Ang
J L Phelps, Stockton W A Butte' field. I al
J L Blanc, Fresno C H At derson, Ohio
h. G reine. Saita Cruz F H Kr.-bs. -acto
H 11 Gnggs, Stanford U W H Morrison, Orland
F D Kyan, >:,cto P A Bu 11 Stock ion
W \ shippee, Avon W B Butler, * h;CM«o
C L Marlatt, Wash, D C Mrs B il Woodbeii, Cal
Miss B tsbuw. SiOcKtnn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Bennett, Los Ange es A A Pryo'. & fam, Wdlnd
J H Mosher, Ls Ant;eles B Cu!han>-, Woodta d
H AUeni.iid, N V H. Ha baa, Phllnd Iphla
J Kodiieis it wf, NY B I. Fisher. Alameda
E Slude. A.catr.z J Bl«yl, Alam da
H t >. hwarze, Alcatras X I Murphy. Sacio
W D Clausen, USX S Varner. uuern vllle
G Co.ilter, Ange s Is L' Demetack, Berkeley
A Pe.erson, Angela .8 G Keed, Berk* ley
v Buel, Angels Is. and F W Tyne, Berkeley
M Bray, New Orleans H Wiiliums. Hobok'en
JK. Steph us, N Orlns J M Dow.lL.g. -cranton
W Miller, New Or.cans F J Fuller, V
E GotUieb, New > cleans X A Case. Oregon City
R M Mclntyre & tarn. G Case, Oregon City
I-iiu oin. j\'eb 1" Ktab A fam, .-enver
AWT "Idmore, U S N J Cnmis<;y. Santa Kosa
( tisMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J Murphy <V w. a ■ Jose Mrs H G Miller. Bakers
X J C hnitiansen. Vacav Mr P cowers, s LOblspo
%\ Burns, rerudale M L Maste er. N V
<> - her! .an, ac HJK hey 4 m, Mont
M J i ynn. Helena Miss B Hamilton, N J
Miss B Brew.sint: XJ B : e»is Pa
C Wuhemeir. N V 1. f'larrell, Belfast
Mrs L A Chuie. Merced \V Mesttase. Santa Cru«
A Mccrewser, Angel Isla L Adams, .\ngcl Island
D M Kmer-un, antaCrzGH Bur^e.sunta Monica
O Tubbs. Ja-ksoi; A Atkins, silv r City
V. A >liarpe. SiocKton J Flemming. Portland
W Bealic.^, Con.ra Costa G Pu nam & v, sa;
s B Kuiph. Sonora G P Turpe i. so ora
C Green. Texas E Rose, Texas
T Joucsou.Melico.U 8 A
PALACE HOTEL.
Mr Harvey, London W J Campbell, England
J Ga wood, >toiktori W G Bla.i* Detroit
P W Murphy, L O EMe ell., Portland
W H Kenndy. Portland F H Coyne, An els
W M Stewart, (. arsn «'ty F W W», >anta Cruz
v N MiiCliell. I'ortiaiid W B Jeffrey, i.ondon
F Francis, ngland S W .Vorijun, Los <ng
F W sw:.nton. ;-ta Cruz C C Perkins, Sanford
W t> . . arding. Inii.aii Pt Mrs Newton, Dum ans
Suzette sew on, Duucns H Moss. Lancaster
J L Chapman, Phi. a Co: Treve.yan. Fresno
B F LangforJ. Stockton W H Ctiris ie, Oakland
W H Gienn, Chi. a«o E D sawyer, N V
BALDWIN HOTEU
B FltzsimmoußA w, N V M Ju.ian. N V
DHickey, M V F H ovv»ll San Mateo
J Haicn, san Jose Misi B L Bales, N V
G J X eney, San Jose F C J hompson, N V
i' J t onneLv, N V MrsS ton er, Stockton
Mils' nningham. Stktn Mrs A M Heath. Md
J M McPike, -apa R Wilson <fe w. Portland
Si. l'ke both.. m. Stktn A Goldsmith. Portland
E R lli'ui'us N V R Bennett. Vacaville
a Bi-.i.-u, B . i tlcit 'Spgs M <le J iiue, San Mateo
W II t-isk chica.o Mrs vv'illson. Salt Lake
T Milton Jr. Sausa ito Mrs Milton, Mausalito
C R HaJK-y, Lhicgo
LICK HOUBK.
G Black & w, Chico E P strong, Madera
A \\ T H, Nevada Vlty P E Webb, Stockton
P " White, Bakerslie.d G Heelner, Sonoma
P M.-.i; ■ n <fe w, N "» J T Carp nter, N V
Mrs ush, « hlcaeo X D Hol-lday. Fresno
Q W >ui:ih, Fre no F P Wallace. Battle Crk
.\ B m.i,.t, Portland w w Bider. Portland
X X HbiumonU. Seattle
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
prsINESB OFFICE of the San Francl«coCAt.i^
-710 Market street, open until I' 2 o'clock every
night In the year.
B&AKCH OFFICE 3-527 Montfromery street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£H9 Hayes street, open until 9:3oo'cloclt
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Bixteenth and Mission streeia, opt"
until 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
llt> Ninth streei. orwn until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH 'NOTICES.
mrzf^Fißsr unttelS PRtHBYT^iRIAN
sk^c Church. Golden Gate aye., cor. of Polk at.
Rev. M. m. Gibson, D.D.. pastor. Services at 11
a. M and 7:30 P. it. Y. P. S. C. E. .at 11 AM.
and 7:30 p. m The pastor will preach bcth morn-
ing and evening. Subject for evening, "The Bat-
tie Over, the Victory Won-" Cordial invitation to
all.
Jfe^» HOWARD PRi-.SBYTERIAN CHURCH,
*-* ? . cor. oak ana Baker sis. (entrance to pan-
handle of Golden Gate Park)— Rev. t: R. Farraua,
pastor; residence 619 Devisadero st. Services at
il a.', m. and 7:45 P. m. Morning subject, "A
Glimpse of Heaven." In the evening Rev. Thomas >
Mar-vhall, D.U., field secretary of the Presbyterian
Board of Foreign Mlisious, New York City, will
pri-Hcb. Dr. M rsball is an eloquent speaker.
Sabbath-school at 9:30 a. it.: Y. P. si c. K. at 6:30
p. m. Prayer-meeting at 7:45 P. U. Wednesday.
All cordially invited to these s rvices.
j3tS5» FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
ur«^. cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor: Rev. Edwin Hart
Jcnks, co-pastor. Rev. Thomas Marshall, D.D.,
of Chlcago.llcld secretary to the Board of Foreign
.v Kslons will preach, at 11a: ii. .Vr. Jcnks will
preacu at 7:30 p. m. Sunpay-scbool at 12:45 p. m.
Y. P.S. C. K. a. B:16 p. m. Prayer-meeting We-
dnesday at Bp. M. All are welcome. .
«E^S= SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
'&*■<* Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, ' pastor; reriidrnce, - 309
Haight st. Preaching at ■11 a. m. and 7:3 p. m.
The pastor will preach at both '• services-
bo meet at 11 a. M., "The Universal Lordship" :
at 7:30 p. m . "Not Conformed, but Transformed."
Sunday-school at 12:30 P. m.. C. B. Perkins sup-
erintendent. -Kpworth League service at 6:30 p.
m. The public cordially invited to all the services
of this church, beau free.'. Uhheis in attendance,
l rayer-meeting * Wednesday evening at 7:46
o'clock. . -
CK_s=» HOWARD-ST. M.E. CHURCH. HOW-
m*& ard s'.reet, bet. • Second and Third, two
blocks from, the Palace . Hotel— Rev. .W. W.
Case, D.D.. pastor. Mar in Schultz, musi al dl-
rec or. W. F.Gibson, .Sunday-school sup<-nnten l-
enU The special music to-morrow evening will
consist of a solo by Miss Maud Van de Mark.
lio rs of public services, . 11 am. and 7:30 p. m.
Sunday school at 12:30. . Prayer-meeting ..ednes-
day evening, 7:45. Kpworth League, 0:30 Sunday
evening. Morning subjfct. "A Voice From
Heaven"; evening ject, •• After Elec ion,
What?" Pastor's residen c, 140 Hawthorne su.
near the church. • Telephone' red 961. Church
telephone blaci; 961. : : ' •
g^s&- ' J^NTRA L METHODIST EPISCOPAL
•-^ Church, Mission st., bet Sixth and Seven. h,
R.-v. K. R. Dllle.. D.D., - pas or. Pastor's resi-
dence. 1 210 Mission M. The pastor will preach
at usual hours. Morning subject, "Ellj ih's Chariot
a;nl Mantle"; evening. "Turning Points in Life."
.Sunday-school,, R. V. , Watt superintendent. " 1'
p. m . Young People's Society of ■ Christian > En-
deavor, wo meetings, at 6:30 P. M. Seats free.'
i ■ veriiody werome.' "
NU'litJi <>!'' Jil.hii.Nv.>.
EpS 1 * THE R.- GULAR ANNUAL MEETING
"^ of tlie stockholders of the CALIFORNIA
WINEMAKERs'CORP*»BATIo.\ will be held at
the Chamber of Commerce, 43- California si.,' San
Francisco, on WEDNSDAY,* .November 18.
i Kit;, cummenclng at 10 o'ciock a. M.'»^?*».'s i *5EtQ
- - ■ •- J. H.WHI-KI.K , Secretary.".
&P_CIAL NOTICES.
|Jf UAs MXIUKKS MADE~T ; O^7nrDTK7
KZ£r . cheapest place .* in ; " th* cUy..:H.' HUF-
SCIIM IDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. . '- ' '
ER^ bAU'It..\AM'S ECTED, »3. COOK.
*^^ Law and Collection Office. 1023 .Market st. '
; . (__*■*.: BAD tenant"^ : i.jectku : OK; *4:
*~-*^ rollectlons mad». city or conntry. Paclflo
' <■'.•• ; i Co.. 41.1 -Ion ■■»>• m.. room 6. T-»-. 6^^J :
bVll'Al'iU>a ',>» 'A>a_JL»— iEJULALE. ; '
GERMAN EMPLOYMKNT OFFICE, 306 MA-
son at., furnishes best help of all nationalities.
COMPETENT. -.TRUST W« RTH V, WOMAN .
■yj wish to do 'washing, 'ironing, / cooKing or
housec enulng by the day;, best references.'- MRS.
M. ct'RTiS, 3367 1 wenty-slxtli a:;, nr. Mission, r
VTEAT AMERICAN •-» ELDERLY WIDOW
*' - wishes i situ, lion: . Is a good c ok f and ' .min-
er ss; <ikes children: « idowei's family preferred;!
pay from *1 o o 912 a month. M. 8., 318 Minna
si., bAsement.'ftHtaSEBHBBHBBBnfIBMBKESMBK
SITUATION WANTED Hi THOROUGHLY
■ O. compel nt nurse to xtt<>;id sickness;; first-class
Ken ir«l ■, bonne workers, ? . 5 and > $20 ; a. so house-
keeper to care for old folks. « Bureau , Information,
17 Third st. - ' • ; -
[ L I ttST-CLASS : COOK, GOOD {WASH XX :A ND
.X.ironer.^wisbei*. work;. would do oiber ; work;
! would rear baby on bottle; : moderate - wages. * Ad-
dress 19 sixth su>,.^ ■ •■-:;■ -.;.•;■--;.
- ARTISTIC DRKSBMAKER /.WOULD - LIKE
-fV t*yr. more encagements by the day ; SI 50 with
an as istaiit: no extra 'charge. Call or address
I^_Lfi_____________________
V' Ol>U UWV IIh.SIKrH A POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 200 Turk st., room 6. 'i__MT
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contmned.
RRsPECTAtLK WOMAN wishes a >ITU-
Xt at. on to do , housework: : is a plain cook and
laundress: many years' reference. Call 364 Jessie
si., near Fifth. ■
COM!'.-.. i WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
I us «ook; would do washing or working house-
keeper for a grown family. Call 2u3 Gougu st. for
2 daya _ ■
|. IRST-CLASS COOK DESIRES A POSITION
* in an institution in city r country; can give
8 ,^' 858 refirp nce. Apply at 183 Jessie st., near
Ihird. , ■ .. *
IiRKSSMAKER WOULD LiKi-- WORK. BY
••-'the day; fit guaranteed; reasonable; or take
work home. 515 Jessie st.
L> ELI A BLE NORWEGIAN GIRLWIsIIEsTO
XV do light housework. Call or address 1070
Ho i ard st. ■ . :
WAN TED- A SITUATION BY AN ELDER-
* » ly Intillgent Amerirnn woman to assist at
light work; .is a good cook; thorough, mat and
reliable. ; Addi ess E. D. 204 Turk st.
L-RKNCH YOUNG LADY WISHES A BlTUA-
xtion as chambermaid or take care of grown
children: references. E. C, 10 Hanover {.lace, oil
■* auitniiu.o, bei. Powell and Mason.
SITUATION WANTED BY CANADIAN
k.7 Protestant girl in an American family; good
cook : reference. 620 Larkiti st.
VOUNO LADY WISHES A SITUATION TO
X dohouseworn; wa es *20; 2 years in la- 1 last
place; can slve good reiere ces. P:euse call or
address 919 Webster su, cor. Gold Gate aye.
ESPKUIABLE WO..AN W NIS SITUA--
ion at general housework small familvor
to take charge of home for elderly coup c or com-
-I> .mo-. fur elderly lady; references exchanged.
Address 1945 Mission st. '
pO.-rP.iK.M- YOUNG LADY. WISHES A
\J pl.-ce as seamstress aiid to do second work, city
or country: no objection tochi.dren; references.
Address a. 8., box 121, this office. .
SWEDISH WOMAN, WITH GIRL OF 6
»-? years, would like a place as working hou-e-
-ke«perln smal; family; wages $16 to $20. 8 W..
box 142, all Office. '
r\RESSMAKER, FIRS.T CL.\SS, WOULD LIKK
*-> engagements by the day; city or country 716
Larkin st. .
V OU.\G GIRL WI-.HKS TO GET A PLACE IX
X city or country for chamberwork and waiting.
Call it 744 Howard si.
( OMPKTENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
\J place to do housework In a plain . a merican
family ; wages $15. 713 Tenth St.. Oakland.-
L IRS -CLASS GERMAN GIRL WISHES A
-t place in A meri< an family. Call 31 Valencia st,
IJiFI.NED YOU WIDOW WOULD LIKE
Xt the care of a child or light work child pre-
ferred; tan speak German: can give i he best of
references; please call; do not write; men need not
apply. A. 8.. 860 Mission st -
RV VI S X D LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
to take charge of a rooming-home, hotel or
any position of trust; room and board more of an
ouj ct, with small compensation. Address M. L.,
box 21, Call Office. .:y ■... '. ■ .■ ■
G" ERMA.N GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
*J second work and tewing; wages $20. Call or
address 1910 Lark in st.
young Woman wants wokk by the
X day doing hou ecleanlng.etc. Add. L.R.,63. Ca11.
DRESSMAKER FKOM XKW YORK DESIRES
work by the day; perfect fit; : rapid and excel-
lent work guaranteed; garments rt-m. delft: rt-fer-
ences given. Address X., box 143. Call Offlce.
VY r OUNG WOMAN DESIRES TO GO AS TRAV-
ellng co ..|>anion. good seamstress- Apply 131
Taylor st., room 3. ' ■ '
\\ INCHED . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night.
f 1 60 tos6 per week: convenient and respeciubla:
Itn» i us ana baggage to and irom lljp lerrv.
MllAHo.>s \V A>'X_D— MALE.
UNTER "c0., ;"-\jhTn_s_T" andTjap^v
nese employment office, 17. Webb St., below
Kenrny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
tiHINESE- JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS;
Vhelp:tel.maln 1997. BRA 640Ciay. .
APA.NESE AND CHINESE KMPLOYMcN T;
best help. 314b Sutler st. : tel. Grant 30.
I APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, R. TS,
0 Pt. Ann's bide., 6 Eddy su : tel. Main 5234.
APANESE AND CHINKSE HELP. ORIF.N-
tai Business Agcy,62o Merchant;tel.maln 1533.
/>HINKSK AND JAPA-NKsK EMPLOYMENT
\J otlice: best el n. 4141^ O'Knrrell: it-:. I- . 4-Ji ■
pHINESB AND JAI'ANESK RKLIABLK
Vj help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLKYACO.. 64Octav
T^DUCATErTsiNGLE SWEDISH COACHMAN
J.J desires general family work; understands the
care of finest carriages and harness: willing and
otiliging: 4 year.* with last employer- best refer-
ences. Address W. E.. box 91, Call Office.
VY A.NTED-POSITiON AS COOK, BY A RE-
»* liable, competent man (Oerman); has filled
position as first cook in the leading ho. els of
i alifornla: first-class references If required. Ad-
dress E., box 26, i all Office.
V MIDDLE-AGED MAN OF GOOD HABITS,
situation; bandy with tools: g. od man with
horses; can run a small engine and keep it In
repair: slxyeari' experience In orchard work. Ad-
dress H. L., box 6, Call office, Oakland.
GERMAN COUPLK, WITH NO INCUM-
"J brance wishes emplo>-_< nt: wife good cook;
man handy with too. sand good gardener; no objec-
tions to country. Address D., box 4, (.all Office,
Oakland. ■
ENGINEER— POSITION' BY. A COMPETENT
man: refr geratlng and electrical ilgnting a
>peci.iliy; steady position more desired than high
wages. Add. LOUIs B. Q RDON, 627 Second St.
QTRICTLY SOBER SINGLE SWEDISH
0 coachman and gardener wants work In private
family: . lirrn-cla<ts milker: KOOd reference. Ad-
dress C 0., l0i.8y? Folsom st.
READ, CAK7 AND I'ASIKY BAKER
• wishes position in restaurant or hotel. DaVID
WILsoN, Montgomery Hotel, Second st. '
S COACH MAN OR TA X E CARE OF
horses In i.rivate family; references. Address
J. J., 1505 Webs er si.. Alameda. ■
OOD DISHWASHER WI^HKS A BITUA-
tIon In restaurant. Call or add. 3J3 Eas st. •
All ER— SITUATION WANTED BY EX-
TT perienced . man; night shift ■ preferred. Ad-
dress W. W., box 42, Call office. .
YOUNG MAN OF 20, WITH 4 YEARS' EX-
X p^rlence in wholesale and retail stationery:
also experienced collector; best of references; city
or country. Address S. S., box b6. Call office.
1 IV E, SOBK YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUA-
Xj tion; understands care of horses, garden, good
milker, handy with plumbers' and carpen.ers'
tools: good reference. AddressL.M., box 50, Call.
m WO BRIGHT COLORADO ; BOY B, AGED 13
X and 15 respectively, wish situations where they
can do chorea and go to school; no compensation;
1144 Market, at., room 1.
YOU NO SWEDE WANTS SITUATION AS
X coachman and gardener; is horseman and
careful driver; b?st of references. Address G.
WALLIN. 846 Clay St., Oakland.
A.NDY MAN ABOUT PLACE WISH I- S
uanon: take care ot horses, cows, garden, etc.;
good driver: city or country. M., box 3, Call Office,
Oakland. ■ '• ■'■ ' • - - ' .- .
OTEL WORK: YOUNG MAN . THOR-
o ughly experienced, city and country, wants
employment: sober, * steady, agreeable; exce.lent
references: wages moderate. Address Ho. el. box
23, Call Office. -. . ,
i CONFIDENTIAL - POMTION WANTED AS
yj cashier, bookkeeper, first salesman,' etc., by
German witn finest references, speaklus different
languages. Address 8., box 120, CalL i
A DV MAN ABOUT PL aE WIsHIS A
situation: take care horses, cows, garden,
etc, and do chores: rood driver; city or country.
Address B. H.. box 92, this office. '
I "MRS |. CLASS BREAD-BAKER WANTS A
1 job in German or home-made bakery; good
relerences; from last employer; take any hand.
438 Ivy aye. ■
p ARDENEK— SITUATION WANTED BY.
AJT ! first-i lass young Dane; underst nils care of
horses, cows,' poultry: cud run gas and steam en-
gine. Gardener, box 149, Call Office.
YO. NG MAN . (19) EXPERIENCED BOOK-
keeper. wants sltnaiipn in some' good business
with chance if; advancement;, salary low; ; Al
reference. Address box 11, call <<ffice, Oakland.
W ANTED— WORK BY- A MRSI-OLASs Pa-
p. r-hang t and painter. Address HARRY.
box 68. Call Office. .-.■■-,
YOUNG MAN WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
X wans position. to finish as barber. Address
LE ROY, 115 a Sixth SU ■ ' .
AKr.-ti.xkKK WANTS SITUATION. CALL
or address P. L. M., 921 Mission st.
MI. DLE-AGKD -Vl . N WANTS WORK ON
private place; city or country. Address A.
HANSON; 1043 Market st. . ,
pOACHMAN: (ENGLISH) DESIRES SITU A-
\J Ion ; city or country : good references. I Address
A. B-, box 1 1. i all Office. •
"DELIABLE MAN WANTS PORTER'S WORK
XV or collect : . first-class local . reference or bonds
given. Address W. 8., box 18. call. '
WANTED— BY A COMPETENT. RELIABLE
»» man. 1 the • management or care < of 'a ranch,'
either fruit, grain or -lock; ;or to rent -on ; shares.
Address JOHN PHILLIPS SR., Eldrldge, Cal. a
i RENCHMA.N WA -SITUATION -WITH
1 bachelor; first-class cook, valet, or coachman.
Write C. R., 1112 Taylor st. . ■-.'- '.;:.*
YV ANTED WoRK— BY-YOUNG MAN (GER-
*' man) In saloon; tend bar, wai on table or do
kitchen work; city or country. Please address H.
MILLER. 55 second st.; room 25. s, . _" -
-V OU IJI (ENGLISH), ■- AOK a 2, WISHES
il" work In restaurant; salary no object:: best ref-
erence. Address J. I!., box 117, this office.
/ i OOD BARBER DKSIRES W >XX - -A'UR-
w ■ day : and • Sunday; steady. , FORD, . 1309 Bu-
chanan st. :. I -.:'.- s '. . »■•'-"- ■"-■■ : "■"-■■■■ ■ ' -■'" . -
OOK WANT- SITUATION IN THE COUN-
try ; good hand In flour. 1301 SamaClara aye.,
Aiameda. :;. • - . ;."':.. - '■ :•:..; "-, - ..-.•. ■- . -
•VV ANTE '—MAN ; AND , WIFE ;W\. NT A
--«»'' place to ■ cook. •<r wife ;to do : housework and
man is handy with ' too s: ; can take care of hors s
and milk,*, or good - hostler, mess : and buggy
washer In livery stabie. Call or address 17 Third
st., room 22. «' ;:. ;'.:-.'/ ;.v- - ■-■ -.
. YOUNG SWEDE— SITU ATI NAMOACH-
! i' man: first-ciaa» hor-t man; care nt driver; un-
ders ands cows, gardening, etc. C W. box 2, Call
Office, Oakland. " ' '.. : : -
•'■ V* I•' C——.-sT clt ■■ iiOU.->K, V 44 '.Till HD. EA It
t" » '■> Market— Electric : lights - : In every - room- 20U
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per : nlsu-. ; ti 51) to $3 par
week: iio« bus and baggage to and from the terry.
[ '. FEMALE h£Lf WANTED.
SKAMSTR-SS, MACHINE WORK: 5 WalT-
resses, $20 «nd room: waitress, city, 418 and
room; young girl, cuamberwork;- wa tress for
Oakland, Cal.; : German bambermaid, «20 and
room; 3 waitr. sses 815 a d room, etc , city: wait-
. ress, c 4 a week; 2 waitresses, $25: girl, Green St.,
! 816: elrl, Laguoast., Sl7 50 -2 sirls. o'Farrell st.,
815: girl, Hay wards. < al.. t2O. girl.' Post st., *■ 16:
: Kir., Al.un da. Cbl.. $20; Or!. i , un h st , $12: girl.
Broderick st., $15: _ irl. Pine st , 916; gir , Wash-
ington at., $15; middle-aged wumm for San
Rafael: young on, ciiamberwork, $10; girl. Palo
Alto. Cal.: mid ii -a cd. worn. in for v üburn. Cal.:
13 young girls, $8 $10 and $12 per month, assist,
etc. MA. .TIN'S, 7--9 -Mai ket st. .
W Alt RES*; COUNTRY HOTEL: $i:0, ROOM;
'* etc.; fan, advanced. MART J.s '--.749 Market.
U'AITKESS: CITY; $20 AND ROOM. MAR-
TIN-, .49 Mars i st. . _______
2~W AITKESS : S: SAM.-. HOUSE; CITY; $15
and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market jit.
\ \r AITREsV RESTAURA >T, ~SAN JOSE.
»' $25 MI>S CUL EN, 3-3 Sutter st.
PROTKSiANT. RKFINED, MIDDLE- A(iKH
woman,- two In family, $10 to $15.- Mls>S
j CUL. EN, 323 sutlers .
\i OMAN, WIT A-.UIRIj, $15 MISS CUL-
'» LE.N, 3-' a utter -U '
\\ OMAN WITH A CHILD $20: WORKING
'•housekeeper, country, $16. and others, at Ult-
RAY_ READY, Lea.i»nc _mp.o. meat, Agents,
634 and 636 Clay sU
GIRL-tOi- ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions, from $12 to $25. German
Employment Otlice, ;>U6 Mason st.
GKtiMAN GIRL FOR HOUSK WORK; 2 IS
fami.y: good home; wages $10 Call bet 8
and 11 a. _, lj Vi (Joe, bet. Braunan and Bryi.nl.
U: ILL pa! passage TO England and
return in exchange for companionship and
slight attentions to invalid lady. K. oox 9, Call.
' t'UNU GIRL TO \TTE.nD BABY. APPLY
bet. 9 and 10, 222 Kddy. ground floor.
/i IKL, ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK: $8.
AJ, 2217 Ocuvla St. '
IRi-, E.NERAL HOUSEWORK; $10. 168
. Preclta aye.
L"IItST-i:~ASS COOK FOR HO PI 1 AL; STATE
J rience. A dress M. B. P., box 98. this office.
HEALTHY WETNURSE, CHILD 6 MONTHS.
Apply at noon, DR. KICHTKR. 614 Geary st.
GOOD COOK FOR INSTITUTION; CHOICE
place; wages $25. Appl. 315 Sutler St.
\l, r ANTED— GIit L FOR <*E.\EKAL HOUSE-
" work. 731 Green su, near Mason.
IflßsT-CLAs's" SKIRT-MAKERS. B OWHAY
-•-' 504 Sutter st. ' . , .: . . ; '
l j " > Ii ST-CLASS TAILORESSES WANTED. 604
X 1 Suiter su -
MIGHT SCHOOL OPENS MONDAY, 7:16 P. M.
— ' ' LYNN'S I resgeutting school. 14 McAllister.
I IRLS TO LEARN DRESS CUTTING, VI-
VJ ting and making; class • very day : easy pay-
ments: unlimited lessons; new skirt pattern, 26c.
McDOWkLL, 636 Market st. . .- ,
O-sI.DAI.K HOUSE. 321 ELLIS, NR. TAY-
■ lor— loo furnished rooms; 26c nUht; $1 week.
H.VIKDRESSING, 26c AN.) 36c: AFTER-
noon cloasea; 10 lessons, $1 50. 1248 Mission.
vi r ANTED— MEN AND women to learn
»» barber trade: only 8 weeks required: tools
given and catalogue bent. S. F. Biirber School,
1615 Howard si. V .
1 ADIES LEARN PRACTICAL HAIRDKESs-
J-< Ins and manicuring. MISS DOYLE, 212
Powell, 105 .Ninth a:.
VIVS2 *-°- VENIENT AND RKsPKCT ABUA.
M. VV lnchester House, 44 Third «U, near Market:
4.U0 rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $160 to $i
• ■ r vcj»lri frp» 'bus anil baesra?e i Oat from ferry.
UAL_ faELl* V* ANTED.
T\FTNTErrrSLACKSMITH, $1
»» bridge carpenter. $2 a day and board; cook
country chophouse, $20 and lound: ranch cook,
I $15: French restaurant cook. $50, and others
■ pply to J. F. CROaETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
ANTED— B TIGHT-WOi X COOPERS FOR
'» country; shoemaker and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT _ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
"11l A()|| REDWOOD TIES TO CUT. 8C
j-\i,\j\j\j each: 10 coopers, wine barrels, 40c
each and up, see boss here; 6 farmers, $^o and
$ 6. MURRAY 4 READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 63tf Clay si.
0 TAILOHS, COUNTRY SHOPS, $15 WEEK.
*- or c oats $7 50 each, vests $2 each, pants $2 50
each. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Cay st.
. LACKsJdiTH FOR A RANCH; CAR-
'• renter f.-r a ranch; farmer and wife; 6 wire-
nail operators: sign-pain. er. MURRAY <fc
RKADV, i eading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Cia/ st.
L Oi:EJiAN FOR ORCHARD AND VINE-
-1 yard; 4 go!d-miner« on shares: shoemaker. $7
a week and found. MURRAY <fe READY, Lead-
| Ing Employment Agents. 634 and 6 6 Clay st.
«_) COOKS AND WIVES; 6 COOKS. $60, *50
«-> and $40; 5 waiters. $25 and $30; 2 dish-
wasners. MURRAY <fe X AI>Y, Leading Em-
p!o.. ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay s .
LLtiHIsTA.ND GR E.NHOUsE .MAN WITH
i'.tood references, $36. and. found; German
farmer and wife, $ 0, see party here. C. K. HAS-
SEN <fe CO.. llu Geary st. > .
'KGKTAJtJLK COOK, . OUNT V HOT.iL,
V $35: second cook, country hotel, $35: lunch
counter and oyster man, restaurant, $30. C R.
HANSON <fe CO., 110 Geary st.
\ IGHT COOK, $7 WEEK: COOK. $30 AND
1' room; cook, $10 week and room: 2 dish-
washers: 3 waiters, $-'5 and room: waiter, city,
$20 and room; assistant head waiter, city; piano-
player: errand-boy, $10, room, . board, etc.
MAKTIN'S. 749 Market su
Ur ANTED— WAITER FOR CHOPHOUSE, $6
" a week; waiter, p lvate boarding-house, $20:
waiter, $ 0: dishwasher, : $25: night cook, $30;
Flemish valet, $.0; second butler, $30. L. AN-
DRE. 315 Stockton st.
ECOND COOK < (ITJSTKY HOTEL, $45.
HOI XL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
\\' TED— YOUNG MAN WHO UNDER-
TT stands bookkeeping and r«ctlfyin« for whole-
sale and retail liquor business; must have first-
class r ferences; be a strictly reliable man. Apply
bet. 1 and 3 P. m. Nt 423 Kearny st. "
BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 1630 MISSION
street, • ' ..
|>ARBKR FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST.
Tr>IRST-CLABS BARBER; SATURDAY AND
x Sunday. 7 Fourth st.
"|JAii-KK WANTED; CALL EARLY; WAGES
l-> $3. 602 Clay st. . .
.1 BARBERS; 1 SATURDAY, 1 STEADY
-i 759i^ Howard st.
■ ARBER WAN! ED.  36 EDDY STREET.
1 1 ' . :
\\r ANTKD— SHOEMAKER ON REPAIRING-
TT call early. 1633 Mission st.
\\' CARRIAGE BLACKSMITH. BAY
'* . View Carriage Factory. San Rafael.
GROCERY CLERK COUNTRY STORE; *20
VJ to start. 609 Kearny st., room 8.
. OOTBLACK AT 737 MARKET; BRING
' • your own brushes.
G" OOD BUSHKLMAN WANTED AT KA-
PHAEL'S, 9 Kearny st. j
•' AN TED — BUSHELMAN. OAKLAND
Clothing Renovatory, 4.8 Ninth, Oakland.
YOU NO MAN TO TKAVEi.; MUST HAVE
J. $300 cash. B. X.. box 56, Call Office.
S~ OLICITOK WANTED FOR TAILORING FOR
O city trade: best inducements offered - to the
right man. Address S. X., box 9., this office.
E W WALDO. HOUSE, 765 MISSION , ST.,
xi i bet. Third and. Fourtu, opp. : st. Patrick's
Church (formerly located at 733 Market for over
30 years), la one of iht-c eanest, cheapen, quleust,
best ventilated and lighted lod^ing-honses in the
rotate; a squaie : house : for ! worklngmen ; reading-
room: strictest at. en:iou to morning calls;' all
single rooms, not" the prices:; Per nieht 15c to
5Uc, uer week to $J 50; open all night.
Good cook wanted in a rest xurant
as partner: is taking In $10 to $14 per day
now and .a ■ good show to work the business up
Inquire at 6 Golden Gate aye. -
L'IKsT-CLASS TAILORS WANTED A"" 604
£ sutler st. •■;.--■/ , . "
VIRsT-CLASS COATMAKEK WANTED AT
X 604 Sutter sU - . .^
TO TAILORS-COAT. VEST AND PANT-
X makers wanted; apply at 11 and 6 at the Ste-
venson-street entrance.- CHARLES LYONA
wholesale tailor, etc, 721 Marker st.
KCRUITS WANTED FOR THE - UNITED
w, *i a i es .. Marine ' Corns.-; United States NavV-
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages or 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United -tales,
or those who have legally d dared their Intention
to become citizens: must be of good character and
habits and able to speak, read- and write English,
and between 5 fe t 5 inches and 6 feer in height,
nm • nr .t-}"; i l n -O'«-»»tion apply »i ; the RecrniUng
Office. 20 Kills su. San Francisco. Cal.
IJLUMBER'- HKLPER WAN ; ED. ADDRESS,
b\,x7il° DCc &nd WU<teB expected, R. S°;
F«^ S i/V. LA>b BUBHELMAN, WITH OUT"
X flu 3 Delaware court, bet > Powell and ; Mason.
ATEW GRAND. 246 TUIRD-SU.N NY ROO^S
-lv from $1 to $3 p<r week; reading-room.
;OHOEMA_KRS WANTE.. ON MEN'S SHOES
»-J to la^t. peg or heel. ". 202 Fifth st. ,
'/"*-" , IH BARB i.-sIIOP FOR SALE; GOOD
— < location; 415 Hayes st. ■
\V A VlKi >— BAHI ER TO BUY Bi-.T OF BAR-
» i. ber-shop furniture of latest style: very reason-
able: a rare opp >rtuulty. Apply Peerless Shay-
I ing Phr.or, l>.iiis si.. -• ■/■ :■■---.: .■■•: - ; ;: .
tOR 'rALE—F IRST-CLASS 3-OHAIR BABr
X ber-shop on account of sickness. 231 Sixth at.
-. W AN lfcli, iv ivu,L,Kor WAUbsliOh LABOK
- ''■•frxfcclerm. K Mix Collection A«cy. 3 10 Sutler
I -\RUEST LO--GING-UOUSE IN. THE CITY,
lJ 400 rooms; to let from 10c to IScniith:; 70c to
$1 50 week. : Lindell Housg," sixth and Howard.: |
VV' AN lfc.D— _ABOKKK.-4 AM): MECHANICS
''io know that Ed Koimn. Reno House proprie-
tor," still ■ runs Denver - House, 217 Third st»; ISJ
large rooms: 250 per nigh.-. $1 to $3 per wee _ ' ' ~ ; :
OSEDALK HOUSE, 321 ELLIS. NEAR TAY-
. lor: 200 rooms; 25c night; reading-r00m. .; ■;•■';
HOE-' SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDKR:
; any style, $3 . up; .■ misfits and cast-off shoes
bough :or exchanged : . iarc - stock of second-hand
fho"s: : first-class ■; repairing; . ; work : guarantee—
749 Mission st., near Grand opera-house.
BT.Xj'P WANTEn-Contfnnpii.
l> P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. Ciis. 3-5 (,rantave.
jsaaa_iflttaBßg____
! SIMON WANTS 100 M --N TO ».ET 801-
I Sit. tie b.er or wlnesc_bes free lunch. b43i . ■>.
j XKr AST, D-AN IDI.A HO CAN THINK OK
VV FO me slmpe thing to patent? Protec t your
ideas; they may bring - you- wealth. Writo JOHN
WKDUERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent A ttor-
neys. Washington. D. C, for their -* IbOJ.-prlw
otter and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
BKSr IN CITY--SING' JB BOOMS 15. 20 AND
X> 25 c*nts per night. f i. *1 25, 81 50 per wee*.
Pacific P oas9. Commercial and l.ietaesdorff st«-
Ml-.N'S H \LF-SOLING, 60g: LADIES. 40c:
done while you wait. 6.18 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, o:>p. Will & Vine* '».>. *•
fIIKY ACME HuUSK. 957 MARKKT >T.. BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: "«.5c a night: $1 a wee'>.
OOM.-.16C i«? 75c Pfc.lt SlUhl': 60-J 1U »i aJ
Xt r'rweplc. Oriental.' 225 Drnmni si-
\\! INCHKSIEKHOI.SK 44THIKDsl.7NEAK
• t Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; readln?-
-room: free bus an bai;^a?n to nnd lrorn ih» ferry.
W! ANTED-SINULK ItOUMS, IS- A DAY: $L
TT v«ek; rooms for two, 25c c day, $1 6u» weak;
j«adlDc-room: (Sally papen.* Mi Cla .- *•-
-"1 i,l\ M.EN 'lo JAKE LOJH.JNO AT lUc. 15a
JA'l/ and 200 a night. Including toauo tutu ioiU.
• ti4 Washlneton «t., n<»Rr Kearny.
V\' ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REP A I X
»» shoe? up to 10 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at nig it while you wait: ladies' soling, Msc; men']
eollng, 60c: fine shoes made to order rom $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than ' one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
92 50. '65 Miss at.. h.-t First s.. an I Second st.
Atib.N » - j AN'i _ L>.
IT'S A BIRD, NO SALT TO CATCH IT; SEND*
X 25c for sample and terms: "Lightning Scissors
t-harpener": makes U S5 per day. E. C. BTOWE,
box 841, San Jose, Cal. -
YV ANTED— AGE -T TO SELL STAR MAPS;
*» liberal commission: .chance to make big
money; amateur astronomers preferred. Apnly
or address J. M. KELLEY, rm. 27, 22 _" Geary st.
WANTED— LADY OR GENTLEMAN
»» solicitors; big money and fine seller. : 7 City
Hall aye. . . " ■ .' • '. • "'
A GENTS— H 'LIDAY BOOKS; FOUR BOOKS
XV represented by one - prospectus ; first agent re-
ports 32 orders In four days: F. Person, manager
Subscription Department, THE WHITAKKR &
RAY CO.. 723 Market. at. I
PARTNERS TV ANTED. . J^
I"^r^vN^F^fA3LT?HTirr~c7>LTF^
flee 20 years. M. E. 8.. box 22. Call.
KOCOLS WAHTICP. .
U^TF^R^SHE^rROO—^rN^TR^HTJFMXR^
O ket; gas: st;te price. E. h'., box 18, Ca 1 Office.
WANTED— FURNISHED ROOM FOR SIN-
*T gle gentleman: w st of Fllmore and north of
Clay sts.: unexceptional references. P. O. box 2265.
BOARDING WANTED.
TWO FRIKND*) OR t'NE GENTLEMAN TO
boar lln refined family, K. s., box 118. Call.
fropertx wanted.
WANTED^TO~BOY HOUSK OR COTTAGE
on easy terms. C, box 99, call Offlce.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
S"^]o7>p7*2s^ro^3T^?nErT^H^APr7A^D^i^i
H-. box 143, Call Office^ _^
ANTED — CASH REGISTER;- SECOND-
band: in good condition. 1424 Howard st.
UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBKR, SASHES,
X> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission su
LD GOLD AND S LVEK BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUND. 1133Vfe Mission.
yELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 eiry in A. KLRIN. 1 1 19 Sixth Bt : sent post-U.
LOST.
T OST_a PA SSBOOK WITH THE^HIBKRNI A
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of STEPHEN D. RUSSELL or EMMA
RUSS&LL; No. 158,296. The finder will please
return to bunk. . :
fflj 1 i. REWARD— LOS AN ENGLISH BET-
L\J ter bitch; white, with black spots; one eye
black. A. C. D.iA V EUR, 536 Clay St. .
! i OST— LARGE-SIZEIJ . ENGLISH PUG . DOG;
1 j dark color. Suitable reward If returned to 2314
Fifteen tn st. , . -
OST— S A RES PACIFIC UNDERTAKERS'
stock; certificate .No. 126. Please return to
777 Mission si. ..
SCARF, WITH DIAMOND PIN WITH PEARL
center; handsome reward. 227 Commercial.
T~bST-MbuSE-COLORED ITALIA * GREY-
X-j hound. 1817 I'lne St., receive reward. •
LOST— BLACK, WHITE A. TAN ENGLISH
setter dog: liberal ward. . 8.4 Harrison st.
H.T.T— NOV. 4, BET. CALIFORNIA - AND
cough sts., (-an Francis o, and Civ smut
station. Alameda, lady's gold watch: lnit.aled
cover. suiiat.le rew rd .for return to California \
Furniture Co., 1.7 Ueary si., -an Francisco.
OST— -NOV. 4. RECEIPT FK M « ROCKER-
W olworth Bank. No. 19,703. Re urn and
receive reward at LDKh MAKIfcCH & CiVS, 230
atid 232 Ihlrd st.
I~OST— PASSBOOK~WITH T hFhl i BERNI A
IJ flavins-) and Loan society of San Francisco in
j the name of JAMES OEKITY; No. 173,957;
j finder will please return to bank. -
LOST— GORDON SETTER DOG; TAG 1061.
Return to 359 Clemen st.
OVT-SOLITAIRE RINU;
liberal reward. Address J. -L G., box 125.
OST— GOLD BADGE, -PREBE TED TO
CABPAR. ELLENBERGKR from Santa
Cruz Turner's Festival." Liberal reward for in
return to 1019 Florida st. .
~ .FOUND. — — —
T^OUND— PURSE. >MALL AMOUNT OF
X money; owner can have for <?xnense of advert
tlBement. C HUYCK. 40 First st.
■■' ' J\ DEN^TISTS. ' ~~"
DR. L. T. CRANZ— fcXTRAC^To^^AINTESsT
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Sutter, NE. cor. Stockton.
: ffi?7 FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $16-
-•ff) I . warranted 6 years: extraction free; fillings
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st..— v :
VULL ' SET OF TEETH, 87, WARRANTED-:
-i filling 50c. crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21% 3d^
L'IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY- OR MONEY
X back: Installment plan; established 12 years.
Office cor. Sixth and Mission, over I X L store.
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 MAR-
\J ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
ffl«7 A SET FOR TKETH- WARRANTED A3
■ *U) % good as can be made; filling $1 DR. SIMMs.
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
AINLESS IXTKACHO.N, 60o: CROWN;
bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: IS year**
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.sT, 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST M NR?
Eleventh no charce for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new*
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given. *
ET OF TEETH WITuoDT A PLATK DliT
0 H. G. Young, 1841 Polk s:. :
R. J. J. LEEK. 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.: open evenings; Sundays till noon.
pROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MART
\J ker, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless '
extracting, with gas, *1; plates. $5 up: fill, 81 up.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEK, T_K GKNUINEii
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction I
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetls/
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'FarreU it.
"L" 1 1 KST-CLAS* DE.VTISTRV; FIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D., 600 Suttee
ALL WOKKTO SUIT r.JHES-.WAKRANTKD.
DR. HEA, 1370 Market front City Hail.
ALL. WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
t yVEkK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— ThI
- 'I WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
—OKSES.
A(\ HORSES FOR NAiiK; ALSO WAOOH
J V/ buggies, carts, harness: . Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 .Six.h st. ; auction sales every Wedue*,
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
'I HE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA.
' X lencia St., is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or hat*
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
-,<Wk SKT NEW AND . »>XONI>HAMi HAK-"
O\J\J ness: all kinds: bngey.waeon, carts, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
1 =/V SETSNEW AM) M-X'OSl) HANDHAR."
XO\J, ness, " all kinds; , wagons, boggles, ' surrciv*
roefcaways, carts: must be sold. ii2B Mission «
O CARLOADS FINK H'KSES, SINGLE OR
\£* double, for all purposes. 139 Valencia st.
Til DRIVING A.-IMVOIIn HORSES'"
OVt welcht 1000 to 1700 lbs. 86J Howard st.
V\VAUO>J> AND CAllitlACriiS.
Ir>Oß SALE— CHEAP: 1 NEW DKLXVBRv
-T 'wasont I'second-hand1 ' second-hand iop laundry wagon- l
5-ton, good as new, sand wagon: must be so d hi
fore Nov. 10. • Apply 295 Linden aye; W. Kas-
LOR SALE— AT A BARGAIN (MUST BP
JT. sold), nearly ■ pew butcher care New i ork ■»_
be, 507 Jessie st. -. -. ■ : ; _^^ ™ 'okbiv
VK W AND bKCUN U-H A.N D JJAKERS', LaUn"
XI dry, milk and grocery wag ns: also rocla ,t Z
and 2 fine bu gyles. 828 Harrison su r "<=--av T ay
L or >"alk'-fik t-c...>.5.> ; HACK AT -~ITk
r Mission a.. Menlo stables. ■ lv<lv ' Al -Wl6
~~P — '
At low ra i es— ix-ioTiriMMr' T^~ ?
pianos, etc.; clean, drj ill »'n, '^^
advances made. "- J.'NOOXan'ioi? 81
tlon, above sixth: open evenings. ■ ***
: vances. _i PP in B . VH^T^^Jo^ri'Si>rs<; CHAWCW,
<•'• FINKSAIxioN AND 15 VtTKNISH-
-2 — ■ •-'->• ed rooms. allreuttU, Mid the place isdo-
I;ic line l.usin ss; this, is a chance of a life ime-
lccaied on xvatcr.iront. T. LUBELbKI, 7 City
Hall aye. • *■
-^2nO ? ALos^ ! , FINK As a: ROXD
? house: doing SSO to $35 each Sunday;
cheap rent: tine lv for sin one wishing saloon
ou San Brunu road. T. LUBKL^KI. 7 c. ty Hall ay.
Ss9nO BUTCHKK -SHOP ACKO-H THE
iTn*"^v.V*« bby.'a y.' tttkin:; in $20 per day: rent only
$10; r- t^ Is a fine buy: fine itvifas-rooina upstairs.
1. H BE >Xi, 7 City Hail aye, .-.-.;
\V ANTED — LADY OR GENTLEMAN TO
'' travel and sell lino, quick-selling article; cap.
ital required, $20 to $luu; rare chances for ener-
getic lady or gentleman. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye, ■ -■ . . .
Cl V\l \ BEER- BOTTLING, BUSINESS
«u)X__.«»w. and ronie: selling 14 barrels per
r.«ek, with fine, lone-established trade: this is the
nnest bargain ever offered of the kind; fullest in-
vest nation. T. LU KEl.sk I. 7 City Hall aye.
<S(^n l ' AR T * X X: - FINELY ; KSTAB-
\u)\J*J\.'. lished, well-paying business: fullest In-,
vestljratlon and a rare chauce seldom had. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. . :
Q7()(i A GR«JC_KY-STORtS THAT ;IS A:
UP IV'V/. great bargain; the location the nnest
? n ?~ busIDHS3 cood; s«« this elegaiit place. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ,
9 C-MKAL REST AURA XT; BEST LOCA-
*-y tion; fine silverware: large dining-room, Heats
persons at once: large kl.cben: lars;e meatroora
and storeroom : living-rooms: finest tilted up place'
in city; nice for man or wife or 2 a-entlemen; must,
sell ; cheap; on account of demb.; no agents. Ad-
dress Owuer, box 75, this office.
>po LfA-K or SELL— A LIVE weekly
— nev.-spaper: within an hour's n'e of San Fran-
cisco; bargain for single or married man: paper
now supports _ families: good paying business:
110 debts: & snap for a practical, all-round news-
paper man with a few dollars: investigate. Ad-
-i*a< W. E., box 60, Call Office.
"I? OR SALE — SHOWCASES, FOUNTAIN,
X. jars, etc., of the old estMblishea icecream and
confectionery stand at 620y_ Kast Twelfth St..
Oakland; sacrifice on account of death of owner.
Iriqu.re at : 8-7 Twelfth aye., near Last Twelf.b
St.. J nst 1 aklano. . .
GOOD HI'ATIOSKUy, NOTION AND TOY
.business for sale in good location ; Mtuated on
'a corner; j;ood business; stock invoices $1050:
win sell for $750; selling on account of sickness.
8., box 93, Call Oflice. ■ - -
■\\ ANT.. D— PARTY • WITH A FEW HUN-
'• dred dollars capital to taKe imprest and con-
trol In this or any oiher State of a valuable money-
niHK.i:iu patent: neea help, hs I cannoi ufei d 10
sales alone. Address K. C, box 54. Call Office.
GOOD CHANCE FOR A BI'SI.NKS"- MAN-.'
vr restaurant, opposite the I'nlon Iron Worses,
Patrero, for rent: cneap: ihis Is a rare chance. In-
-. quire it New Continental Hotel, corner .Napa and
Louisiana sts., Pore:o.
C;JH|I , BUSINESS, PORTLAND, OR.;
«JP"4V.'V/ 1 '. paying $176 per month: good chance
to Increase. Inquire C E. NAYLOK, room 8,
floor 8, Mills building.
/ 1 OoD PAYING RESTAURANT: KEARNY
VJ _:. : to be so d at once for reasonable price:
rent $35; daily receipts $.0 and $25. Apply this
office.
"PARTNER WANTED— DOCTOR OR BUSI-
X ness nia-i with $.000 in a partly establis .ed
metlical monopoly; strictly honorable; best thing
on the coast: investigate. M. I)., box 43, Call.
OR SALE— OLD ESTABLISHED POULTRY
A and produce stand, in one of 1 tie best markets
in the State: owner geing away. Apply 916 Wash-
ington St., Oakland.
V'jri|ji j K>l -P A Y I N l» BUSINESS I N-
*^*jO\'\} . Vestment In San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc: established lfcijSS/; ujui: De sold.
•Address P.. box 35. Call Office. ■
. C_QAA CHOI'HOUSK, CLEARS $200 PER
OUU. month; central location; low rent.
DECKEit, 102J Market.
FuR LEASE OR FOR SALK; COUNTRY
newspacer; well es ab.isaed. 411 California
St., r cm 3. -
"ITIR.ST-CLAS- PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY
X for sale cheap; come and make offer. 850
Main St.. Petaiu us, ■
EFORE BUYING OR BELL.ING LODGlNG-
houses or business see UNDERWOOD, 765
Market st. .-
\\T ANTED— GENTLEMAN PARTNER, WITH
*' $500, formanufactnringbustness: 250 percent
profit. Call 1148 Sutler, room 35. third floor.
• \V ANT PARTNER, $200 CASH; STAPLE,
'* legitimate, profi.able cash business; light
and clean. X.. box 121, this office.
OOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT:
first-class oyster or chop house for sale; good
location; owner leaving city. 216 Sixth st.
7./\A YOUNG CHICKEN.-., HORSE, WAGON,
I \J\J barn- cow ana all tools; for sale cheap.
Inquire 25 Third st. ,
TVK\yo_»APKK i.ul'TK IN INTERIOR CITY.
-i> ' close to S_u Franclsca For particulars app./ '
this office.
FOE SALE— HOME BAKERY A.M) DELI-
J cacy business. Inquire at 1125 Valencia at.
LOR SALK— CANDI' AND lCi-CREAM
X I store. 133 Taylor at.
SALOON, IN RKAR OF EMPORIUM; MUST
be sold; good bargain. ;>45 Jes-iie st.
* iOOD-PaYING MILK ROUTE FOR SALE'
''' cheap. Inquire 14y_ Langton st. .
ROUTE FoX SaL.-. ACROSS IHE B_Y. i.\-
I 1 onirp at < all 1 .Iric-. ■■■ .*■
LO1)GI>"G-BOIISKS IOK SALE.
O/l-ROOM HOI SE, clearing $500.... $4,000
P" 66 room corner house, new furniture.. 3.00H
20 rooms on 4th street, clearing hO, only.'. 400
;*5 rooms, on Market, offer wanted .-... 850
12 rooms, central, good furniture .;......... 250
H. O. iJix'Khh, 1020 Market si., opp. Fifth.
• ©17^ 11- Room HOI'SK, WOKTU ?500T
«pl iO. must sell. D.-CKER. 10-0 Market si.
"I >■) ROOMS: HANDSOME FURNITURE
1 — low rent $400
18 rooms: bay-window corner...... 650
60 rooms, Dear Baldwin: easy payments... 1.800
15 rooms; tine furniture: modern bouse.... 275
'-5 rooms; private boarding; elegant furni-
ture.. .. ; 2,500
■ UNDERWOOD 4. C0. .
BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES OR EX:
X) changes in real estate. UNDERWOOD, 765
Markets-
bEST INVESTMENT IN TOWN; 15 WELL-
furnished rooms; good reason for selling. 6.4
Sacramento st. -, ■■_-•
OLD ESTABLISHED HOUSE: 9 ROOMS. 362
Minna -^
Htn;nn a bargain— lodging-hous-e
X\J\J\J. in Oakland; 41 rooms; all occupied:
first-class roomers, paying fine; rent $100: good
location. A. D. BOVVLkY, room 310, Safe De-
posit hnlldl ?.
A LKNIXCKIS >U_ sALJtZ
0C«- NEW > 1 "Ore" is com ple i ; e £> an 1> W
are in it: four floors, running from Mission to
Minna St., in all 1% acres of floor space, are
packed with household goods of all kinds, parlor
bedroom and kitchen outfits of ah kinds and in
endless variety: if yon are thinking of purchasing
anything needed In a home, from a pair of Blan-
kets to a completely furnished house, pay us a
visit; it costs you nothing; our numbers are 1017
1019, 1021 and 101:3 Mission si., above sixth, i.
NOON AN.
pHAS. M. PLUM & CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
\J 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
\l\i\ CARPETS; CHA_lBi_R BK 1 h. ill"
\J \J stoves, $3: parlor efts. *20; folding-bed v
glO: bar outfits. T. D. McCarthy. 764 Mlssion.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or gcoJ
as new: cas 1 or on time; open evenings.
ING FURNITURE C 0.,11-7 -29-31 MARKET,
IX furnish 4 rooms, $'_8 to $50; best bargains in
city. '.••■'■... '
T>UCKIX(}HAM • FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
ii prices; furniture, carpets; all grades. 866 Mis-
sion st. ■ ■ . .-■■•.
IpOR SALE CHEAP— HOUSE 14 ROOMS:
well furnished. Apply 264 Third at.
URMTURE. STOVES, CARPETS, COUN-
tprs. showcases ANDKRSOV. 1121 Market at.
~ - ; - ' _■ V itN IX U_K':> AN I*. li.
IGHE-T CASH P 1 ICK^PAID .OK FURXl-
ture, saloon fixtures and grocery slocks; tend
postal- ST-NBERG, 734 Folsotn st.
1 F.YOU WA/.T GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
.ere and merchandise see BURD. 211 Larklu.
IGHER PKICn: .THAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Market.opp.Jones
ASH PAID ■: FOR tK.\ TIRE; HOUSES OK
smaller- lots of furniture, carpets, etc. .J.
BOWCH ' H. 11l "tnrltton: s- n«1 nogta'. . ■
";.. CA_t_*_:i'; Cl__A_VXN<i. *
rrV'sI : tA_*CARPET L CLEAN IXG VVORICsJ
cleans, moves, lays carpets. . G. H. STEVENS,
I__r. 38 and 40 rig-that.; telephone South. 260.
/AAJKPJETS •.LH.ANKU AMD XtE.NOVAT-O
\J like new FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth: t*.
bouih B*. •■ li MACKINTOSH dtCO.. -uccemorc
HEX YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH 1
V> poor work send toSPA Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353--7 T-hama at- ; teL So. 40.
A DVASCK CARPET CLEAXIXG CO.. . 40J
A Sutler, tel. Main 394. 8. S. FKRGUMOX.man;r.
T E. MITCHELL. CARPET-CLEANING CO..
J . 240 14th St.: cleaning ac a yard. .Tel. Mln. .4.
/ V.hl'Ki' CLEANING. Sc. : LAYING, »c : iIL" i
\J ssmp es free; tel. Jessie 944. Btrattoa. 19 Bth %i
COA KLIA fc. CA-tfJvf irAllAti AVOK_— jji •
1 • ioluen «at« iiv^i. telephone, east 128. .-
♦_) C A. YARD AT . GIV.AT.WKSTKBX CARP-CT;
«J Ceanlng Works. 11 l.ighth st.
fONKS _ CO.. MAIN OFFICE -5 ■ AND -7
«> Mrhth 1 • ,tM. .»• ■")!'■ iri»l \ '■ ' -■•■--
l~ ~. I'KOPOSALS.- ...
1 QEALED PROP sals vmll bb RECKIVED
I'^a the office of the Minister of the Interior of
Ithe Republic of- Hawaii at Honolulu until li
%■' ock noon on Thursday, December 31. 1896, for
lite excavation of the hard coral in a slip to be con-
structed in Ibe harbor of Honolulu. ■' , ■
' ' Plans- and. specifications at" itie ! office of the
Hawaiian Consulates at New York, San Francisco
and Vlctorl;. B. c, and also at me office of the
Mi;j<-r;n:etident of Public Works,' HonoiUiU. i'~- '■: ;
'.- he Minister < f the Interior does no: bind* him-
self to accept the lowest or an v. bid. .-■•'-■ : • " .' '
. ■ ■ J. A. KING. Minister 01 the Interior. ;'
Interior Office, Ugaolulu, October 27, 1&9&
HOUSKS TO I.FIT.
. • *>(.n O < 'ALIKORNIA — SROOMS," BATH.
£•*/ LO conservatory: hoi-air beaters; periact
order. '-■ - . . \
Cji Q NEWLY RENOVATED COTTAGE: 6
»]p 1 O. rooms and bath. 1705 Kills, near Sielner.
IF YOU WANT A H'IUSE, STORE OR FLAT
X eet one of our complete, printed', lists. BOVKE,
TOY ft, ■ OSNTA G, 3U Montgomery st. ~ "
: Qv 'HOUSE OF 6 Rooms; FINK VIEW; DRY
tT^' ■ and healthy. 1571 Kearny. nr. Greenwich.
ou&ii • F 0 i.liOM- AND BATH: 238 FELL
St. Apply THOS. SULLIVAN. 743 Mission.
OUssEs? IO kKNT Foil VERY LI 11 1.
money, at BALDWIN _ Ha UNO'S. 10 (
•■'i-nt-'H'ie.-- -?i ■ * 1 _L^_l_,
I'UKXISHKD HOUSES.
TVTRWLy" FURNIsiiED SUNNY UPPER
1> flat: modern-, chtap. Appiy 10 10 1, 2514%
butter st. 
VI.EOAX -LV FURNISHED HO. SE tOR
XU rent; 1109 Bush s:. enquire 318 Tost St., top
floor. . * •- ■
: ri- GKOVE— SUNNY HOUSE, 6 ROOMS,
! Ol t) bath, completely fomwhed; piano; op«u
1 to 3 P M ■ ■ . ____. ■• —
LUIIMSHEU — 111 NICHOLAS HOT lit.
r San Bruno aye., near Army at.; reaaon»o c
terms: or for sale. NICOL, 634y_ California st.
tOXTAUES _«; LIST.
/^cyrTTv^TE^sTTooMsr^BATH : BASEMENT
V. for siorge; stable. 118 Ullmore a:. »
MAKK YOI'K.K NT PAT FOX A NKWCOT-
tage in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood m«n-
tel; 11100 cash, balance month y. K. M. LONG,
8207 Twenty-second at.: oflice open evenings.
A LAIS I'll LET.
J}Vsik" UppEll flat"* ROO^sT!baTh7
tiled 6lnk; door-opener, etc.; overlooking pri-
vate park; on ft hat.; $ -0.
4 sunny rooms and bath: second floor; clean
and in pood repair; on very attractive private
street 915. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Par* aye .off
Twelfth si. , ■'_ _____
W7-. CLAYTON, SOUTH OK FREDERICK—
0 I — New modern upper liat; 6 rooms; bath;
cheap. .•
/NEW I LAIS, 528 AND 532 .CASTRO. NR.
— Nineteenth; on sunny side; rent 15. lnquirt
on premises. ' - ■ ' ''■
oTTkRN FLATS, 5 AND 6 KOOMS, »8 TO
$16; see them. 523 a Seven: li St.
1 1 ...» HOWARD - NICE SUNNY 4-ROOM
I iOO flat; large yard: cheap rent.
CM ') ?J\ FLAT. 5 SUNNY ROOMS: LARGE
_.«.)U. yard. 1017y 2 Union, bet. Jones and
Lea yen worth. -
MINUTES* WALK FROM BAJLDW N; 711
Polk St., nr. l-.ddy : flat 7 rooms aud bath, $26.
(T. 1 •_> N Xtt 1 SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS, BATH.
tJliO. 8014 rwenty-slxth st., between Harrison
and Bryant. . -
9 FLATS OF 7 AND 8 HOOM8; $30 AND *40;
— lower completely furnished -or partly. ' 3012
California st. '
= FRANKLIN, NEAR MCALLISTER — 5
•*_«') sunny rooms; bath: rough basement; rent
822; watr free. _____________
MODERN 5-KOOM FLAT; \VARM BELT.
it 841 Capp su, near Twenty-fourth, •
L I.AT TO Lr — 5 liO MS AND-BaTHROOM;
-T tine view; sw. cor. Pacific and l.feven worth.
SUNNY FLAT OF 3 ROOMS; COR. McALLIS-
ter and Po.k sts. ' . ■ -
-1 OO FUI.TON— FINE MIDDLE FLATS, ONE
J. OO 3 rooms, one 7 rooms; baths.
UNNY LOWER 4-ROOMFLAT: MODERN
improvements; rent $14 ; water free. 15 Pond
St., off .-lxteenth. rial: biork from Market.
1 OVELY UPPKK MOD, RN 5-ROOM F' AT;
Xj sun all day; 4079 Twenty-third su: 100 feet
from Castro-st. cars: $15: water free. Key 4073.
j-CH'.ICK .-UN NY ROoa!8: UPPttR FLAT;
*' modernlmprovemonts: 825. 1706 a Hyd-.
" . .N ic . M'N.'Y ROOMS; YARD AND BASE-
-0 ment: $13. 3-1 Twelfth 8U ■
17, i- POST— 3 A D 4 KOO.M esUNNY FLATS;
1 I ' 'O garden: bath: »13 and »16.
1 'I'll MISSION, NEAR ELEVENTH— 6
IuJOiJ large sunny papeied looms; bath;
laundry.
WO SUNNY FLATS, 3 AND 5 ROOMS,
X bath; reasonable. 2 and 6 Zat St., cor. Bryant.
5 -room FLATS; $18 AND $_o. - 820 pine
st,, Nob Hill.
a_9fk UPPER FLAT; SUN IN EVERY ROOM;
<Tf \J . bath: laundry: central. 409 O'Farrell aL
ALF-MOnTH'S HEN I Fx.EK AS AN IN-
ducement 10 good tenants to rent trom SPECK
<& CO., 602 Market st.
VLA TO ntTvT FOR VERY LITTLE
J money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
aicnteomery *t.
-OusLKJKKPINti KUO-IS.
Buchanan Street.
1017 BUCHANAN— TWO HOUSEKEEPING
lvl I rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
.uuy m ieu..
Q-l -EDDY— 4 NICELY FURNISHED
01. I housekeeping rooms: splendid location.
-f. Kill* Street.
Q99 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — ELEGANTLY
0— _ furnished housekeeping rooms and others.
<";.% : I'iitli 1 reel.
Q9P: FIFTH-CLHVAN. FURNISHED HOUSE-
OZ.O keeping; 2. $10: 3, $13: single. $5. •
-uwurrt Sire's..
1 (\7f\ HOWARD— WKLL-FURNISHED
X \J I \J ny front suite and kitchen; bath; rent $15.
. Ix tie .-street.
1 A 99 HYDE— > ICELY FURNISHED
i"I — — bay-window rooms, with kitchen, gxs,
bath, hot and cold water; also one front single
room, SI 25 a week. - • . - . • ■
j vessie street.
/?;r A JESSIE— FLOO sOF 3 NICE ROOMS;
\JU\J unfurnished; rent $11 and $12 each.
Kearny Street.
9QA KEAKNY— 2 OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
_.Ou for housekeeping: gas or coal stove.
• "■km feireet..
Onp ELEGANT- SUNNY HOUBE-
O— ,O keeDlng apartments; central location; bath.
•I * -I "1 -ARKIX — NICELY FURNISHED
1 111 housekeeping rooms; aisodouble; single,
choice location.
Lewis. Street. •
I Q LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— FOUR
JL O unfurnished bay-window rooms: gas; $16. -
Ma ilcet Street.
9AClfl M ARKET— ELEGANTLY FUR-
dCt\JV\J mshbd bay-window parlor suite; bath;
gas; kitchen; l as stov>*: range; $15. , - .
. ■■ llcAtniinr street.
PIC MCALLISTER— TH REE NICE SUNNY
UmJ furnished rooms: , rent reasonable, #12.
_t_l_nn - . rue..
Q7 l MINNA, NR. FIFTH— AIRY SUNNY
Oil room; water, stove, closets, etc.; private
family. ... ■ ■ .
j')' MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH— S
"i OO elegant rooms, $20. ■ _ ■■.
-doss Street.
1 O MOSS, OFF HOWARD. NR. SEVENTH— 3
i •> furnisned rooms, complete for housekeeping.
N*ioiii;i Street.'
7 AT NATOMA. COR. EIGHTH— NICE. COR-
* "X ncr front room: furnished; with kitchen. ..-
'.' Nimii street.
I 99 NINTH-FRONT AND BACK PARLOR,
_---- complete fur housekeeping; gas, bath.
Pearl Street. .
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
0 sunny housekeeping rooms: well furnished.
Post Street.'
101 F> POST — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
-. J-v/xo suite; slug:e room for gentleman; board.
. Xo a ch Street.
H ROACH, BET. TAYLOR AND JONES, OFF
Filbert— nice ion t rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. - ,
■ Sheridan Street. .
9Q SHERIDAN, OFF TENTH, NEAR FOL-
~</ 80m— Large front room for two; with board.
butter Street.
NICELY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
±* rooms: rent cheap. 7,2 Sutler St.. near Jones.
'x Btiania Mr«»t.
m" TEHAMA, BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH
— Nlc« sunny room for light housekeeping.
r Twentieth Street. •
OanO TWENTIETH, NEAR VALENCIA-2
«JU_— sunny housekeeping rooms. -. . ••...*
Valencl '. . Street
VALENCIA-2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
— 1/'» rooms: furnished for housekeeping; rent
$14: bath and sras. ' -
>;'.'V '-;..-■ ■ .• — — Aveiin«. "■'■
91 VAN NEWS AYE.-NEWLY FURNISHED
•-■ 1 housekeeping and single rooms.
i/k»i] VAN NE-i- A VK..COR. GEARY— TWO
I lU_-iXrooms «nd Kitchen completely turn., $25.
/: \> eish Street. -
1-1 91 .WELSH. OFF . FOURTH — 2 v OR 3
; I 1 —a nicely : iurnisueU - rooms; , bonsekeepioK;
cheap. .■■■'./ ■- ' ■ ;•• .■■..',•' '..'.':-..'-, • .-■- ..
~"~ 'PHYSICIANS.:
'.' IV-" C. u"6'i)OXK_LL'i -08 fl— A "kk_tT CoS
XJ Golden Hue aye. , diseases of women a specialty.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET.
Biyaut Street. ■ - ' -
A] OB BRYANT, NR. SECOND-3 ELEGANT
1-l» large sunny rooms; very reasonable; bath, ,
gas: private. . * j
i.ildy street. ■-.-■_
"I -I O EDDY— NEAT SONNY, SINGLE ROOM:
XX»J runnlug water; lor gentlemen ; 6 60. I
• ...» "-iw..
rpilF. BASIONA; 330 ,EL-LI«i;- imr«. kath;\
1 HART. nu-.naiTT— a quiet kcrane; <entr<Ulr lo-
cfnti; newly furnished: elevator: hot it cold wa>t.
791 ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM. WITH
l— I batn: sultaMe for lor 2; $7. , ■ ._• ' .■■ -■
••-•to" lit :-u«««
CHEBMAr APARTMENT* }{OUf«E. V* JTTH
1. f :.. near Market ■ turn lshni mid iinfurnlshnri. ■
l'olsom -"tree.. ■'
qr: 71 folsom. near sixth — NICELY
v <J I a furnlBhed front room, >_; outside, tlweek.
X ulton street.
3 FULTON* (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CIT.Y
Hall— Elegant suites: singles: transient.
Ulen Park Avenue.
5 OLEN PARK AVK.. OFF TWELFTH— 3 UN-
*J forni bed sunny rooms: close a; bath." ' -
Geary Street.
Q 9O-330 GEARY — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
*-*■— *J and other rooms: grate; water; reasonable.'
Pi I A 1 GEARY - HOUBEKKEPING
\* • "2 rooms, complete, $12; a/so single rm, 95.
E. TO GEARY — MCE SUNNY PAKLOHS:
1 0 doctor or dentist; suites; single; light
housekeeping. . . ■
I Nil GEARY (THE MARTIN KTTH), COR-
-1 J y 'X Van Ness— Fine suites; newly furnished.
uoiu«u bai« .-*\<-un«-. '
9] q GOLDEN GATE— NICE BUNNY
— 1 '•' single and double rooms from 95 up: quiet;
clean. . ■
-'OWHrcl - Mree.. '. . ; - .
Cj- HOWARD— NICE SUNNY FRONT FUR-
<J± * uisbed rooms, f 1 week; rear rooms, 70c,
. »fin-« sireo.: '
907 'l^r"S-IHK \AX wnntr.K; Xir— '
— V' I manacement: elecan^ . funny stilted _uJ
t :i(r c: iif-wly ;urnl»h«»>i: Path. He: HUti>«tf.. •
-11 l\ JONES— FURNISHED ROOM; SUNNY;
"1 1 17 rent reasonable. • -
»_ ray >.iea
99 KEARNY— FINK FURNISHED ROOMS;
*JJJ reasonable. , ' .
. •'•. KLI.MiI iN HOU&.E J27 KK.ARKT —
- \ Pleasant sunny rooms, en zuiteand single; tirst
I:Ba in 1 very respect: terms reasonably. ■ '
*J*)U KEARNY — FURNISHED .-'ECO < D
• )— .U parlor, with use of front parlor, for gentle-
man: in private family; rent 810. Apply in
shoes tore. ■
. , in km street.
097 LARKIN, COR. GOLDEN GATE AYE.-
O_j I 3 large, elegant connecting-rooms; corner;
oniurmshed; suitable for offices or living-rooms.
P.i k< I LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED COR-
Q\J\J ncr rooms: targe room, suitable a. 96 mo.'
" L«»veawurtb »(r«ei,. : .
On£ LEAVEN WORTH — LARGE SUNNY
OUU parlors; single rooms; running water; gas;
bath. ' ■....-
-• 81-rltnt street.
V OSEMITB HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night. 35c to $1 ; week. «1 50 10 *-: famllit-
Noe Street. ". ■
»X' I-UITE PARLORS; BEP ABATE KIT-
0X O. chen and range; sink; bath; garden. 123
Noe st. .
Olive Avenue.
II A OLIVE AYE., NR. ELLIS AND O'FAR-
XXV re.ll— furnished roorj, 95: German laml.y.
Fine Street..
01 O PINE, NEARPoWELL-2 LARGE SUN-
OXO ny rooms; private family: bath. S
;_~r_.t 1 oak - 1 res:.
1 AA?\ POLK -UNFURNISHED OR PARTLY
Xti "iv furnished front and back parlors. -
lost-Street."
71 POST, NR. JONES— ELEGANTLY FUR-
IXO uisbed front room: all conveniences.
1 Pv'J(| PU»T, Nr AX LAG UN A— ROOM FOR
X OO\J lacy or gentleman to rent cheap; private
family: no other roomers kept.
; . >fiontl otre-'t.
C 9 SECOND— DOUBLE ROOMS, PER WEEK |
•'— «1 5U to $;<: single, 91 to 31 60; per day, 2J
toSL'c .
.- ' iii.li > r«t)i.
3D SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS; NEW FIRE-
-00 proof building; ail conveniences: qnteu
"1 <)= SIXTH — CHi-.A PEST IN THE CITY
-I •i"*-' pleasant sunny front rooms. " -.-* ':
"pIEDMON.," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
X Nicely furnished sny rms: mod. conveniences.
. : eeveniri n.l'oti..
1 OR SEVENTH - ELY FURNISHED
X OU rooms; also single rooms for housekeeping ■
yard • -
bluveudoa Stree:.
CiA.O STEVENBON. BET. SEVENTH AND
U'i_- Eighth— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath: central. • ■ ■
lujior Sireei. .
1 AQ TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
XrtO ny front rooms from *'_ an 1 up. "
x ut_ IlIMw
OAQ TURK— SUNNY FRONT SUITE, BUIT-
] OVJO able forona or two gentlenipn; aioo single
front room; gas ; bath; location central; rent rea-
sonable. ' .- -.
'J1 Ik TURK—NEWLY FIIRNI*HtD ROOM,
OX\J suitable for 1 cr 2. , $8 or 810.
£_'-{ TURK— SUNNY JtoTiM: FOLDING BED,
O^IO grate, gag, bath; also single, 96: »10.
. . Valencia Street. _
101 ft 1 VALENCIA— _ UNFURNHEDRMS:
X\J J.\J2 matted 1 front, pack parlor; bath; $10.
. Webster Street.
9-1 r WEBSTER- SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
—XU furnished.
JSlisvellaneuus.
A LL PARTIES DESIRING ROOMS OF ANY
■TV description can be suited without charge at
Room Renting Agency, Geary si.
UNFURNISHED ROOMS. "~~~
9^ HOFF AYE., BET. SIXTEENTH AND
***J Seventeenth 2 large unfurnished front
room*: newly papere I. ' ■ • ,- - • .
" ■ ' BOAKDIM, AM» HOUMS.
719 POST^SUNN 5 ? ROOJf sT^SUITABLti
1 X£d for 2: oxcellent board: $20; parlor; piano.
SOS VAN NESS— NEWLY i- urn 1 shed sun.
Ov>O ny rooms: good board: reasonable.
OTKL HURTLING, 714 BUSH ST.-A FAM-
lly hotel: references given and required; all
ni(Vfrn conveniences. ■ --'•.-• ■>. -, -
STOKKS iO LET. . .
ffifr7C~LAKGK STtJitK .an d 4 -Tli vi nS
tu)X«J. rooms; suitable for any business. 1435
Valencia st. \ :.
ARGE STOKE, 4 LI VINO- ROOMS AND
bath. NW. cor. Fifteenth and Guerrero sis.
TUNE bTORK TO LET. 30d KKAH.W »T.
fTIO LET-CHKAP: A BLACKSMITH AND
X horseshoeing shop. -. 1103 Mission st.. cor.
Seventh: central location.
MALL STOKE FOR BARBER OR SHOE-
shop across from depot. ' 21'J Townsend st. ■
STORE AND LIVING . (4) RooMa; WILL
alter to suit. 613 Post st.
•>£ STORE: 3~ROOM>; LIGHT CELLAR.
£.<J. Il!i8 Howard su uea.- Seventh.
fflji E'-- 1007% LARKIN ST., COR.- POST-
«JpXc>..new: living-room. Ap. KELLY, 103 Kddy.
OK RENT— STOIIE>- AND. ATTACHED
X I residences; $15 and #20. Inquire at "__u Mout-
gomerv live.. ne;tr H»r!ri<- ■- ■' - .... :
STABLES \TO LET.
TO STABLE " WITH 7 STALLS; ON
Twen'leth St.. near Mission: rrn: $10. - ■• '- -
SEALED BIDS.
PRIN'G VALLEY VV A Tirß^vTmK^TrnirCAL^
O ifornla St.. Stn Francisco, November 6, 1896—
Sealed bids will . be received I at the office . of the
secretary of the Spring Valley Water Works, 5 16
California St., up to 12 m. on the 10th lust., for any
part of 6000 shares of the capital stoo-.of the
company in lots of not less ' than' 10 shares All
stock allotted on the said . bids will be ready ' for
delivery on the 12'h mat and must be taken aiul
paid for on or before the 14ih lust. >:.:,■" » v.-: •:. .-..- -.
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of (5
per : share in gold coin, lor certified check, and
the Board of : Trustees reserves the right to reject
any and all bid.*. 'By order of Boar 1 of 1 rustles. -
. > ■ I'K.LHAM V» TAMES, e.-retiir'-.
.', .-/.-■ ; 2, IVI'tHKIIbKS. ■/, ,'.;T
GENTS II - PREMIER: : : ALSO : RENT,
and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. <t M AL-
EXANDER _ CO., 110 Montgomery st.: writ* for
circular. tSESSSBStsttSMpRSSfesSS— ttIRftetaBSM
I JEMINUTON, »10: SMITH. $50;, SEND FOR
Xti_niple work. SCOTTABAN N :. N. 33:< Alontg'y
■_-__ : FKOFESSIOyAL". CAKD3..
TOHN K. itICHARDS, LAW OFFICE.* ROOMS
O 'it and 27, Crocker -uiluiu_; le.tphoue .via. a
15. Ban Francisco." Cal. • •'■• . "- ■ r ■ •
UHS K. AiXKKX AND MAURICE L. ASH"eR?
an* 9 »i law, ran 515, 5 10. Ota floor, Parroit Ud*-
rFFSOXAT.S.
MALE QUA RTET (GKK M A^NjTwiTH^ GOOD
voices, wanted: references. 8.. box 104, Call.
EAUTIFUL SPITZ DOG: ALSO A ST. BER-
Xj nard dog for sale. . fc>3B Ms.ilon st. . •■•-.- . •-■ - "
"VyiDOW. AGE 37. WITH ON CHILD. '
would like to ma* the ; acquaintance of wid- i
ower.; Address Widow, vox 74 : ti.is office. ;
\k IXK-GR iWEH IN NKi-.D .- OF MONEY
•»' will sell 1000 gallons claret; excellent quality,
be ow cos. IT.cc; whole, or ■ 50-gallon lots. Ad-
dre»s Wine, box 29, Call Office. . :
R. -. C. BA L- WIN-HAS ■.'.■.- KTUKNE_» AND
located at bi< old oflice. 850 Market st. - p
ME. , ROLA D, TEA Oh ER OF FRENCH
language. 755 Market St., room 15. ' .
T7<ITS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DISEA'KS OF
■T women. DR. SPIT ZY. 413y a Kearny. 1 to 4 p.m.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWB A SPK-
-TV. cialty, private; nocbarge unless successful: all
l»w sails, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to, U. W. HO VV K. atty-at-law. 850 Market
UUAL- BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free ana confidential
J. G. JEFFRK>S, 402 Montgomery si., room 18*.
THE RAGE-BEAUTIFUL ANfTsEM i-CLAS-
sic ,'Carmela" composition for piano; all music
s.urt b. . . .. . ..' .
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
ment: flue edge put on razor for 25 cents. -
T THE I'EOPLK'r* ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. - 1029 V* Market m.
bet, sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL '
SPECIAL SALE LADIES' CLOAKS AND
suits— Ladles' Jackets. 92 60 up; capes $1 50
up; suits 98 up. M. BARRY, rooms 44. 45,
14 McAllister st. . .-■' ■ ; ; i '
IF YOU GET YOUR HAIR DRESSED AT MY
parlors you can take off your bat at the theater
■wltß a feeling of perfect certainty that you are
"correct '; —Quluonta" Hair lonic 3sc a bottle. G.
LEDKRER, 111 Stockton st.
AGNISCOPK — NEW JECTING MA-
chin-; uses the kinetosrope films; price $ v sa
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. *
J' N. BRITTAIN, GEARY ST., FOB FINE
. watch repairing and jewelry . work; low
prices; tirst-clasa work.
ILL JENNIE R. HAMBERTON OF. OAK-
land please call at the Northern Pacific Rail-
way office, 638 Market si., S. F.
IJAINTING, PA I. ING, TINTING AND
X whitening: cheapest place for good wort. 1200
Webaterst.. cor. Eddy; te ephone Stelner 235. .
PARTINGTO-VS SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and >ewnpaper Illustration; day and evening
c.asses: instructors, J. H. K. Partincton, Gertrude
' Partlngton. R. L. i-artinerton. Particulars 424 Pine.
GOTO 609 THIRD; CHEAP PAINTING,
papering, whitening and plkstt-rlng; estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR PERM ANENTLY* RE-
-0 moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH
2115 Bush, below Fllluiore: hrs, 2 to 3, ex. Th A Sa!
SjUll'f< CLKANED. PRESSED, $1; REPAIKS
Odyelng done. 26 Montgomery, r. 14: tel.red 2374.
I>Ki)F. FuSIEK'S DANCING SCHOOL re-
. moved to Mozart Hall, 1358 Market st. : waltz &
reverse guaranteed; private or class: terms reduced
\\r ATCHES. DIAMON JEWELRY OF ALL
" kinds at. reduced prices: must move; building
to be torn down. . 6 and 7 Third su
UPTURE AND PILES CURED; No PAY
until cured; send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD A PORT ELD. 838 Market st. :v
1 (Will «-*ARI»S, $1 60: SHOW cards. 160:
XUUU tel. black 14L HILL. 22 Geary, rm. 39.
CILOAKS, ANll SUITS RETAILED AT
/ wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansomest...
URNETT'S CORN CURE— SURE CURE FOrt
corns, bunions, warts: 25c . 327 Montgomery. '
fPRU.N'KB UhLIVtKKI) . --6C. ■ BAY CITY
X Transfer Company. 244 Sutler; tel. Grant 57.
A LL FACIAL BLEMISHKS. SUPERFLUOUS
II hair, moles.- freckles, srvrs. etc.. removed -by
I-llte Electrolysis Co.. 226 TurK, nr. I-eavenwonn.
IJIG OUTDOOR STKR_OFTICON* &Ht>W XV&-
XJ 17 sight cot Market and fcixth sta. ; artistic »i-
Tertleemrnta in living lie hi; promoters of ba_«
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market »_
ELECT BIC -LIGHTS, IN EVERY.- ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market-
IX U rooms, 25c 10 $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 pet
week; free bus and bagsace to and from the ferry. .
1 IBhUAL ADVANCED ON DIAMOND.* j-W-
Xj »lrr. etc.: lowest rate*. V<H Marke: st.
01_» GOLD. SILVER, GENTS and■■ la die
, clotnlnc bought. COLMAN. 41 s.i cor. Jessl*.
■ f ''[•'[ _K±.333lAli._Ki.
STYLISH KyrrT : Tßo7l /> ?3iSpT^TRTSTfSc
up; fit guaranteed. 559 V. Stevenson st.
RESSEs. fj UP: WRAPPEKS.. 500 UP;
l«wn. $1 op. 6U534 NBtonia St.; above Sixth..
'. KDLCATIONAL.
HE A LD'?* BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST
St.— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng- ,
lish branches, 'electrical engineering, etc.; 2J ■
teachers: 15.000 graduates; catalogue.
A YRES', THE L'EADINi* .ULLKUK.- 3 - J% '
■tV Montgomery st.: individual in '.ruction in !
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, leleqraphv, etc.: '
li»e scliularshlp 50: ■ I w rale* . per v> e«-k and mo.
\7"OICK, PHYSICAi. CULTURE. AND KIA>
> eutlou; latest and best method*. ■; AIRS. CAL- '
HOUN, 3915 California st. • .- - -
I J OOKKKEPINO THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
!-> or year's course free;-onlv accountant teaching.
1 ARI., room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
STIKHL SHORTHAND AND BLSINKSS
I College. 723 ! Market st ; expenses ' less and
tcoeianihlp better thau elsewhere: day and night.
J HLAeCU'a IAi;kU.M bUtiOOL OF ACT IN it— ;
1 Private theatricals arranged: pupils reheari»i I
c-: Mage. R. 5 and 1% 1. a O. F. block. 7th and Mk:
Ciioo__;L_.caiUCAJ-,<Jl VIL. MINING, Jit
0 chan'cal engineering, survey architecture-
pcacy: estaH. 64. VAN DKR NAILLEN, 72:( M kt,
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, i'iANO AND VOCAL
lessons. $3 ma Mary Wrsthau*. 39 Fifth.
SINGING: PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French. German languages :s2 mo. 109T_vIor,r7.
BOOKKt\Ni», V\ i.iTNtJ, ARITU_ I C. UKA lit
day A nl-rht: noclasse*-. $5 month. h4 5 Ml^lo-i
pUOr. LoUIa -KliKl; VlOiil.N, MANDOLIN.
X yUlttr. cornet. reasonable. # tiearv.nr. Powll.
i tLAIKVOVASrs.
MR DH. '" TIiCSI AS?] bCiENTiiMC RE*- i
vealer by e^-gs and cards: tells entire li <•, j
' past; present, future: : consultations ;on alt affairs; |
nothlUK exc<-p:ed; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible; letters answered. b29 Post su, nr. Larkin.
* , ME. PORTER, WON DERFUL CL AIR VOY-
' ' ' ant, card-reader, born with a aoub:e veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, genii if 1 ; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk St., or. Jones.
/ 'ITaNA, THK GIPSY QrKEN, 8 TURK ST.
vl truthful predictions;. reliable ad vice;: no mat-
ter what troubles you have, come, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed. ;_■*;
J .ME. bCHJIIDT, CUAIUVO\ANI. T_L.-i
ili its. present and future: success to all: lor-
111 ing by mall: low prices. 856 Mission m. .
MISS . MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT:- Pic-
ture future husband or wife. 7>i6 l /9 Howard.
MME. Li GETTE— PRESENT. PAST AND
fu:nre: 26c: on- price. 811 lehan.a, upstairs
ME. ARL. CARD-lIEADKR: FORMERLY
Taylor st., now located at 223 Post, room 2.
,VJ ME. DAVIS, CARD-I;EADER: MAGNETIC
i'l healer; charms. 122 Post St., room i.
ME. HARRIHON. CAHD-PEaI)KR; PALM-
i»t: recently from New York. li.9a Powell.
ONCHITA. WONDER* UL CLAIRVOYANT
\J and card-reader. :138a Fourth st , room 4.
1 >LAIKVOYANT; CARD - READING; FEE
V. 60c; satisfaction given. 114 Turk st.
ME. KAVKNA READS LIFK FLUENILY:
business advice; names given: _scop:& Fourth
.ME. MOREAU, BK»T*_'t«HTUM£-Tn.LLER
and medium in CltTl fee 26c up. 764 Howard st.
\\ ME. H A > J . , PALMIST, C'AhD-KEAUER;
ii past, present and future; 25a 148 6th st.. r. 5.
ME. HOPK, CARD-RhADKft, PALMIST;
dreams Interpreted. ' Room 2, 12 Mason st.n-.
/I YPS> LIFI-.-KKADKK, -Ci-.MuV i-.D ROM 5
'JT seventh to 4 Twelfth St.: ladles ".'sc: cent* 50c. j
VI ME. SYBILLE TELL- FROM CRADI.h. TO
m crave: pictures Blveu:lwd|ps -60: Hl4 O'Fnrre'l.
' '/,; -_;'>:-i ; ;_-'AliX'l'OALiS_..~ , ' ' •' " ' .''
MX. :E. '-, YOUNG'S CELKBRATED HERB
medicines : for kidney, liver and all female
troubles: also' tier reliable hair res oratives and
. toilet articles, at 605 McAllister at.: diagnosis free
4 to 5 p. M.: sittings daily, test circles Tuesday,-
Tnur., Sat. and Sun. evenings, 10c; tel. Jessie 1101.
•>»,/• MCALLISTER — MRS. . C. J. MEYER,
O--U test circle every evening: 10c; Tuesday and
Friday, 2 p. m.. business sittings. - .
R^. COLBY- 122 V. OAK ST.: CIRCLES SAT-
urduy veolngs; slutnera daily. ,- ... - .'
RS..MAYO STEERS, TRANCK-TkST ME-
diniu; private readings daily. 112 Qnk at
Ij^REE TEST-TO ALL WHO COME THIS
1 week. . LEANDER, medium,' 1007 Market su
\| Rs. ELLI*. MEDIUM, Si 1 1 IXUS, BTOB. 81 1
circles Tues., Frl.. _ p. _', 26c. 1824 Market st
, V, RS. HHRINrR, TRANCE MEDIUM- SIT-
•*I tings dally. 91: circle Sun, eve. 311 Van Ness.
M. FKANCIH, INDKPENhENT SLATE-
.wr iter.* 118 H»l_nt*t.; bourn 9 nntil » p. K.
ABTUOLOOI. '
r«^h^RAL~BT_^R^^R^K"T4OLl_^arT^F^
i- '\ rooms 12- 13: horoscopes: qo-silon<: advice.
,«>-.'.■:■>*.■': ■..'--. .iXIVI'NOTIS-l; ;: : '- ;' "■ ■;■■.: J.
9~~~pE^NO^^M^cThTN S ??FIT : A^^
success rtd. II ypnotlcM«-Bmerlclps.6 O'Farrell
V ,*". ; ■'AT~OJBNIiysfAT--_ < AW.' .; *
D^icie^F^E^mv^RcirL a ws a" 6?peci-
a ty ; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits,'' culms, col t-ctlons, wills, deeds, etc.; at-
tended to. G. « . HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
p W.i Ki>»., a ATTY., CHRONICLE BLDG.;
ii. advice free: moderate; open evngi.:; 8: to 9
INt+uKK ?. dl i MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT .
■ law. room •" 481 Parrott build In (Emporium).".
DVKJKi'BbEj NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
•ccssful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 8-7 Market st.
CITY BEAL ESTATE, ,
GET A H^iME: LOTS : $60 CASH AND 810
1 per month; | prices *750 .0 900; sire 25x120;
location, California St.. ie.ilhanil i.leventh av--. ;
I lots read, to build on: '■ great bargain. BOVEE,
! TOY & »OXNTAG,3O Monigoniery st.
I. SEMI'S. ■-... . -..:
«s tsTATB AND LAND AGENT,
V 324 MUN I'UOJdJiiilf aP. ,
• , '-- TOR 1. -.
■ rsctbo— k. Bin* of stanyaa st.. bet. Carl and
*lre<lerlc_; 25x100 feet.- , .
450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50.x1_7 :l> feet ou Jackson at., overlook-
lDk the Presidio and bay.
• tbOOO— 2 modern houses of • 8 room* ' each, at ;
par-: ; -5x137 :o ieei; eiectrio ro«4 pa-«ses nouse*;
make offer. .*-. V: - . ." -, ' ■- ..,■■• ..
$bsoo— Elegant NW. corner of Col and Carl i;j. •
Choice building lots north of mult.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and t: si.: 109x05 ft.
ARGAIN-FLAT AND STORKROOM BK-
low.; price $3250. Apply 2 to 4 p. _, 2037
Fifteenth st.
EE TH SE HOUSES; PACIFIC HEIGHTS.-.
k3 2 new bouses; all modern Improvements;
ilgh ed by electricity or cas;, will sell -cheap: tine
marine view; conservatory. Fir more and Green.
Apply BOVKE. TOY & SON TAG, 30 Montgomery..
ANTIAL MODERN HoCNi.S BUILT;
$150 to $275 a room; parti* s contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1 149 Misslou.
<fcl (\l\f\ -COTrA. E 3 ROOMS IN BER-
J UUU.* keley: lot 40x180: ?15 monthly.
$1000— corner 100x100; $50 down: $16 monthly
9400— Lot 40x12U: 525 down: $.5 monthly.
$Loo— Half acre hill land ; $10 monthly , •
(.'HAS. -V KAI!EY -Jj\ t'liniT.- it.
COUNTRY KKAL —STATE. ; • .
*yA"cKEsYN¥BuiT/"\vrm r ''fr'Koo_'_ous^
-- good barn; all new; $3500.
80 acres vegetable land; $250 per acre. .
20 acres, 5 acres m fruit and vines; house, barn,
well, windmill and tank: $^600.
10 acres; some fruit; good house and barn; will
rent $12 per month.
3 acres; chicken ranch; new house and barn,
Chicken-houses: $1800.
Town and country property; large list; houses
built on the installment plan. . Call or write for
particulars. P. v\ ILHKRT, Hay wards, Cal:
MODE UN HOUSE OF.IO ROOJIS, SAN MA-
teo 1 mi ty, near, station; use of cow »nd
chickens: barn torrent; or will exchange for hou->e
in ckv or Oakland lor 5 months. Address G. W.,
box 65, this 0,11. .... <..-. :■:. '.-,•, :.
"L'OKKCLO-ED RANCH FOR >ALE OR RENT;
-T : 20 acres in '-anta Cruz .Mount parti illy
in fiill-i>f_rln;r orcba d. etc. Inquire of GKORUE
H. LUCHSINGER, 18 Geary si. San ranclsco.
t»Ki-. AT— SM A Li, ORi HaRD WITH 5-ROOM
house, good bam aid chicken-- near the
Oakland and San l.eandro Electric Railroad.
DRIVER, ABER & CO.. San Leandro. ,t
QMALL STOCK AND CHICKEN RANCH OF
O 160 acres; 40 in cultivation; balai/ce pasture;
fair house, barn, etc.; smalt vincrard and or-
chard: 1 mile from school, postoftice. store and
station: 4 from town; SIOOJ cash. D. H. TWING.
Sonoma City. ..-■'.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED OIKCULA RS AND
0 pamphlet of California lands "for sale ' by H.
FRANCIS, rooms 69-70-71. Chronicle building,
San Francisco. CaL :w.;- r . - :'■':'■••
TO LEASE— 2UO ACRES GOOD LEVEL LAND,
X Woodside,' 4 miles from • Redwood : City, new
house. Apply L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st., S. F.
FOR SALE— SMALL OI. CHARD NEAR THE
I Oakland and Leacdro Electric Railroad.
DRIVER, A HER & CO.. Sao l.eandro.
ri'O LET— ORCHARD OF In ACRKS H YEARS
X ■ old at Bte(M>. in Alta'Punta Tract, for sale cheap.
G. W. HAKiHT. 221) Sanaom ■ St., San Francisco.
TO RENT— 26 ACRES OK BOTTOM LAND,
X all in apricots, peaches aid prunes: never over-
flows: 6 minutes walk from po-tofllce and depot
of Oakdale, Cal. ; 5-room use and barn. Address
A. V. STKWAKI', t'ukuaier or F. L. TURPIN,
Royal House, San Francisco. '
LI'ITLE HuHliS, • CLO>K To TOWN . nT
J proved: ;, easy terms: also 4to 12 -acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Souoma
City: every Monday a 6<2 Mnr^e: a? . S. F.- "." -
FKOMiItTV TO KXtHAXiE.
" I 'lVin""^AN'cHEs.V.".^. r :?.T.vX»i6o^ro^_6.'o^
X\J\J 100 business places from $50 t0.... 20,00
, What have you to ofl*r. • ■
Apply to H. C DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. sth
HOUSE AND LOT IN BERKELEY TO EX-
change for city lota. DECKER, 1020 Market.
END OUR LIST OF uKCUAKD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON*, San Jose.
I MBER— 1-80ACKKH; KERN CO.; PLENTY
J wHt«r: excellent work ran-.h. , N. box 18. O:>l .
— iuyclks; :
BIC YCLE; GOOD CONDrTToNT?T2^oT^CALL
barb>r-sDop, 927 .Marvel, top floor.
&JX BHAND-NEWBKN-HUKS; REGULAR
firrtO. price $85; rare oppor. unity; every w eel
guaranteed. DAVIS BROS., Cycle 'Department,
25 Geary st.
rTIANDEM FOR SALE CHEAP: NEARLY
j X new. ED KRAOXEss, 5.4 Post st.
lUH-ORADE 21)11 AN Ii I.S $25 Ll';
IX Miiiiirm l.clow cos*. 'i ;fi >t<-.\Hist'T. .
•'•.;_ v»»i : s»AJL_— Jil"s_ : *._,i.A.N*.«>US.*-;.
A ZEN GOOD-BREED c"hICK_^sT3*DOZKTn
tt young) for sale. CallonMHS. SAWYER, end
of Kins II aye.. Klmhurst.
; ]/ R S.\ ; K-FINK FIXTURES OF GROCERY
1 and bar. 2601 Post sU
I. RIiSH COW; RICH MILK; 16 TO 17 UK i-j;
I Kent.c. 1312 FoUom st.
VOX SALK— YOUNG PARROTS; GOOD
J talkers. 924 Harrison st. v
JERSEY" COW, : IN CALK; GOOD MILKER.
Corner Seventeenth st. and Potrero aye. -
WILL SELL. GREAT DANE DOG CHEAP.
>» 429 Minna st. " » ■
-pICTUKK-FRAMI.NU WITH GLASS 7x9 IN.,
1 10c: Bxlo. and 10x12, 15c: 11x14 and 12x16.
20c; lixl7. ' i.'sc: 16x^0. 30c; 18x22, :;sc : -.'Ox
24, -:6c: 22x'J81n.. 60c JUNE*. 647 Mission st.
1 ARS. SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SIIEI.V-
Jj ing, etc.. 1 ought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7lh.
T A BARGAIN— 6O SAMPLES RATTAN
chairs, rockers, etc.:aUo a few tine baby
. carriages for the next 14 days. CALIFORNIA
I RATTAN CO., 61 First at., near Mijslon. .
hOILEK>.ENUINES,2D-HANO MACHINERY
J J water-pipes. Mclntosh >k Wolpman, 137 Beal e.
0NK 'SMALL Mi-.UiUM. AND LARGE-SIZE
tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market s-
EW r.LMWUOH RANGES ARE THE H_sT
1> »V. S. KAY MFG. CO. r . 12 California st.
pOt FEE MILL. SCALES, "LETTER- PRKS,
V- HUd desk. mon»>- till, ssfe. chea". Cl%r.
SsKWINU UACUIK-S.'',
A.LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED^
J\ rpnt>-i1 .rypnlrpd: lowest ratt><. -OS Fourth sc
_. ____________™
ftUCDIGAL.
ABI.KSBINCJ TO LA DIES SUFFERING '
from irrrßularltlps and diseases ■, peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never fails; jerfectly harmless; tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make, them
well; travelers helped imme'ia:eiy; prices 10 suit
the times: home in : tint-merit. DX. _ MRS
DA VIES, 14 McAllister*!., next Hibernia Bank;
consult (re; 1- rench regulating pink pills, $_•;
hourd from 9 a. m. ;o 9nii. ami 7 to 9 p. _[(■-"•■
LL (ASbS OF HIT; ~K<V\- 1. Art 1 1 lEn RE-
but d at once; -safe and sure' relief auarau-
teed: travelers heln-d without delay: him- in
confinement: regular ■ physician" of; lons and suc-
cessful practice : medical electricity, and safe reme-
dies or all female complaluis:-' ladies 1 call and
state your case bet re being, treated elsewhere;
you will save time and expense; consultation free.
MRS. DM., WYETH, 916 Post St., near l^trkin.-
I A BSOLU i ELY , H AKMLESS— THE GREAT
A female -regulator; . Dr. Joubn's French Cap-
sules - are ' safe and ■ sure; no female - should
be without them: no oaneer or after/effects;
they also act as a preventive; a guaranteed cure
for Irregularities: : price $1 60; sent free by mail
on receipt of price: female , specialist in attend-
ance. 'Address _. DA VEGA, 23 Ktarny st.,' rooms
6 and 7, >. F. .; : • : :.. • -.-. r- ■
R.-. FOULBT'S i'RKNCH . CAPSULED A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively Bate*,
and sure; no danger or after effects; taken in tim ■>,
It also acts as a preventive; crlce $1 50 per box:,
sent tree by mall on receipt of price. ■ WALLER
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., ban •- raucisco.
**aTnEW.PXIOCESS— NO MEDII INK, \sTRU-
aV. men: or worthless pills used; cv rv woman
heron 11 physic an for al female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day; can
be sent and used at home; a) canes guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, »18 Kearny.
AYELLAFE.MALE PILLS kklievk ALL
female tron Dies in 3 days, price $2: Mayella
Tablets prevent all female com rilalnts, price $1.
Write for circular to Woman's Drug < Co., station
X, *-an Francisco. Cal. - ; - - :■ ' ' v
B. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY Of
diseases of wninen. and: restores- all caves of
Irregularities In - one ■ day, guaranteeing a cure or
no charge; separate home for patients: ; best a-Ul:
low fees: regulator $'-. 904 McAllister st. ':
T ADIES, CHICH ESTER « ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; sate, re-
liable: take no other, send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies,". in letter by return mall;
at, druggist's. Chichester Chem. v'o.. Philadelphia,
.m»cn/\ paid for a case I fail to CURB
iJitJUU of fe vale complaints or diseases of the
eye; home In. confluemen-; consultation free,
at MRS. DR. SCOTT'S. 513 Jones s'. ; : :
A, SURE^ CURK .FOR ALL, Fr.MALK Dis-
eases, from whatever cause: home iccontlne-
men: ; every comfort: j satisfaction * guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GW --26 Turk st.
I^ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT D.I. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 MarKet st. ; his 30 years'
tnccesiful practice Is a guarantee of fair tre-iment;
the wont casts treated satlsf-corlly by mall. . . t,-
LPKAU'S. FRENCH ; PILLS— A • J.O. 'N ; TO
lades troubled with Irregularities: 1 : no daD;er:i
safe and sure; ■■ «2 60 express c. O. D.-. . don't delay
until too late. ; OSOOOD 8u03.. Oakland. CaL ,- : .
ET.OPOLITA~N ; NSAKY, • 1078%
Market ', St.— We > treat I all ■ diseases of ■ men,
women and children; consultation by mall $1. -.
OME, A t'RIEND' AND MOTHER'S CAR
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth St., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY FK..i ALK Hi r EASKj
.lsee MRS.DI-PUETZ and be content. '.54 V^ 4th.
: I »«, HALL, 14 McALLIS I STREET.
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
BS. DKS.. DONOVAN,' 1 806 ? KOLSOM - ST.";
;. confinement:- terms reasonable, > - . .
OAKLAND : ADVERTISEMENTS
; OFFICE— qO6 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) ItEAL ESTATE. ;
A BUY-FINE 8-ROOM HOUSE; NEW: LOT
60x175: slieet work all done; 5 minutes' walk
to local station: close to electric cars : price, $3000:
ha f cash; ba ance time. FIELD REALTY CO.,
1128 Twenty-third aye., fast Oakland. ' y •■.:
' ANTED . KNOWN — THAT LOWRY i
OWENS can -sell or rent pioperty cheaper
than any firm In Alameda County.' Fruit vale, near
s atlon. . ..- -, ■; -■. >. •• v--t ..-, .
;.T_rO! FOR FITCHBURIj! • .
•iO-DAY TAKK TOTJB FAMILY AND
. ' FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH- ,
BURG, SAN LEAN DUO AND
HAY WARDS LOCAL.
=ep Southern Pacific Time-Carl.
THE FIRST ' IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
.FRUITVALK is THE • PLACE. FAST-
KsT . SUBURBAN '. RAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY.
FOOT OF MARKET . SSTRKKT, TO
FITCHBURO STATION IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES. . .
Alnmeda, Berkeley and Fruitvaie trains singed
by the Fitchbur* scorcher. Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
It you are tired of life and want to tret off the
earth, slay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, coutenied uud prosiieroa* in ri.cu-
burg.
'■■ Fitchbura: Is the most promising suburb on th?
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements In the vicinity of < akland. It is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line iof fast-sailing .vessels on
'■ ak.an i harbor, and the excellent county roaJ*
leading to it. are incon estlble proofs. It is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lota bounded by wi.l >
streets, graded and trawled, and ornamented witn
-Venue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen _rove±.
NOW IS THE TIM- TO BUY.
For a boras while cheap: for speculation on a
rising market:' for a turn be first for investment
now, and bold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
improvements to make. Water supply i from 3
compa-iies at your coors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the out-sutsi'i. iracu m
an Inaccessible bayiield. .
Lots 25 and 00 feel front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street; double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deterred payments in easy i_it_tl_eui~:
title perfect. ■ "
W. F. McCLURR. 1" Montgomery S. 1?.
THAD. S. FITCH. Fltchburg. *
\- WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS _ TiliJ
■c\. WEEKLY CALL, Id tvraoper. for mailing
OAKLAND FUKMTIRE j FOX SALK.
■\VKar diamonds H> Patronizing H
" ■■-t'li LLIIAAS. furniture-dealer. lith.OaKlrt
-LAMEDAIDVERTMMENfS
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE. ,
AN E.XCEPIIONAL FOR
investment of a small capital lii Alameda, with'
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new room cottages in a first -class locality; mid-
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half block ,of business street and electiio
railway: artesian well; gas-engine an 1 mill; posi-
tive sacrifice: no offer within reason refused.- For
further particulars address A. K. DE.NKE. 1503
Seventh st , .Alameriit. Cal. ■ . - -'
ALAII..DA fUIC.HIT-IUS; I'IIK SALE.
LINE CARPETS AND FURNiTTJRE~"6F
P most desirable 8-room house, near two depots,
are offered ai. private sale. • Call 10 to 12 a.' m., _ to
4 p. m.. 14-8 Benton st., Alameda, Morton - ta-
tion. ; No dealers; house can be reuted by respon-
slble parties. ■ ■
' BKIUiKL- I' ,: UU USKj}.
THAT BEAUTIFUL HOME IN BERKELEY
X of 12 rooms and bath is now ready to; a tenant;
newly painted and papered throughout: 10 acres
of ground; larse orchard: any variety of noiveri
aud lovely lawn: price $30, worth $60.' Apply
A. J. s.\ YD- It x CO.. 467 Ninth s:.. ' akland.
ilOMiil' TO LOAN.
"S'l f\f\ (\f\f\ AT LOWEST^ RATES- CITY
«J) I.UU.UUU and Oakland realty; life insur-
ance; estates in probate, stocks, etc; any sum.
SHAI.N WALD. BUCKBK- tt CO., 218-220 Montg
ADVA.NCJio US- DIAMOiSDdt VVATCHEA
Jewelry, also 00 furniture, plaaos, without; re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKW._X_lf
-TURK. Via Market st. : open eveninzs.
\ LW AYS OX TOP FOR LIBEKAL AD-
• \ :i!.c«< at low Interest; call and be convinced.
Cot-rate Loan Office, rm. 7, Flood bid*, 809 Market
1 ow bat 95 monthly interest ON
I i i each $1000:- same rate 2d mortgage, or across
bay, or life insurance policies, COIN, box '-, Call.
G»'J«^- l\(\i\ AT BANK RATES; IST AND
«35O_«J.\JU\7 ad morteaces. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as 50. H. MURFfIv, 638 : Market st.
'VI ONKY& LOANKD ; ON . JKW— X.K V-^'a -•« J
lti other valuables at the Security Loan Om:«,
i lttf Market St.. or. Mason: private entrance 7.Tur_
1 jJKECTON YOUK i-'UK.STI'UK- OH PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: do commissions; low
Interest. Km. 68, Donoaua . bldir. 1170 Market ii
i > V A— UUNT: IST, -iit or 3D MORTUAGKi
xi. estates, undivided interests, real estate la oat-
tatp. McuOLUAN. M ilonieoaiTy, room 3.
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X. security: low interest. N., box 15, Call Office. j
N 'FURNITURE. AND PIANOS: NO RE-
moval; low interest; private party. 219 Powell.
NY .'.MOUNT; LOWEST HATE; IST A '_'D
A mortgage: flat or installment. Dryden, 633 Cat.
1 ITY REAL ESI ATE:ADVaNOcSon' KfcNTS
V. pianos, furnitura. KPECK & CO., 602 Market.
I I)VASCESOXI)IAiIOSI)S.JKWISLKi,E'ri;
1 olumhi'i HI- 1 ii' l i.'-'i l tiffi'-o l« 1; — . .--»
PAAVXBKOKEKS. "
IGH_ST^PRIC_Tl__r*^R r 'cXsT^OFP
rloihlng. < run npolinn toon Office. 49 Third.
FINANCIAL.
I o^n^Taniu} i isoouN'i' : £ "s^lvXin~salc^
J j MON, 324 Montgomery st., room 222.
Q; 1 (\l\ l\(\i\ TO LOAN as low as BANKS.
H'U.' Hill Applr rm I'-'-'. < a ,~afe 'pp.Birtg.
__CIS_CAL LNSiiailliMS.
GAIN WE CALL" ATTENTION ITO THK
fact that .we are selling : toned second-
hand plnaos for 3. $4 and '$5 ■ per month ; '■ beauti-
ful new uprlgh:s for $6, $7. $8, f 9 and $10 per
mouth;' no cash pa. uoent required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers of upright pianos
from us have the privilege of exchanging same for
a Stein way any time within > 3 years from date
without sacrifice SHKRMaN, - CLAY . & CO.,
representatives of (Heinway <fc Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny aud Suiter sts.. S. 11 Francisco; also Oak-
land, CaL; Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash. .
A CIUaLLY Tll_ BKST BARGAIN- IN Pl-
■>* anon; nee our 1 st tor this week; pianos on $3
f4, (5. $6, 1, $8. 99, $10. $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments: tine stool and cover with each; . delivered
lire anywhere In lh_ City and - kept tuned by ex-
pert ; concert tuner*. -The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
talosroonis 83S Market St., opp. Mason. 1
N IMIII..VSR STOCK. OF NEW AND SEC-
ond-band : pianos " from - leading : makers; - no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours is ihe oldest and largest music-house west; of
Chicago: call or write. KOHLE— — CHASE, __
O'Farrell St.. San Francisco. ■--. • ■-/-.,
ARE CHANCE; DON'T LET IT SLIP: AN
elegant liar Jinan piano at about hair-price:
only 2 months in use: ' call and see it and we will
tell ■ you why such a • bargain is offered. THE J.
DEWING COMPANY, iiecoud fl"or, Flood build-
in?, 1 ourth and Market sts. : . .-
TJRiCEs TALK! AN ELEGANT NEW . UP-
X rl«;lit 'piano, . stool.: cover, delivery, tuninz,
$159 50: new solid oak and walnut organs, $47 60.
J. HARRY SCOTT. 526 Hayes su ; >
l\r KBKK UPRIGHT: $ltfU. DECKER dt SON'
'» : upright; S2SU, good as new. The Zeno _lau-
valß Music Company, 76:-» Market st. . .
<_ 1 7- ELEGANT WALNUT UP*
tjpi I O. rl^ht. BOWERS, Metropolitan Temple.
ELEGANT EM i-.KSON, FiRST-CLASS CON-
clltion. at sacrlflie. K. W. LICK. 116 McAllister.'
_II iV UPRIGHT, " CO V hit, STOOL; $5
<IrllU. insu: coat $300. 221 Leaveiiworth.
LMNJB UPRIGHT PIANO, $110; SQUARE, $30.
J 1 STATHAM & CO., 106 Me blister st.
DOLLAR A ON RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. 136 Ellis st.
HALLKT & DAVIS .AT :•■ SACRIFICE.
SCHMITZ, 16McAlllster,nextHlbernIaBank.
.USUAL HRUKNN PIANOS RECEIVED
highest award Mechanics' Fair. 228 Post st.
•VI AONIFICENT STtI.N AY UPRIGHT AND
J'l Schubert: little used; sacrifice, 1019 Van Keats
AY' 1.. i;.ilJliKK, SOL.-. AGENT *OR HALLiir
,'T^ .& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 >ac'to
..|JYUO.V..<JIA UZY, ;.u« POsIVSiT -joHiUki*,
.** Newbv «fc Kvan»."J;riccr^ »nd other pianos. |
SUPERIOR VIOLIN.-*, Z.ITHKKM. OLuAKKW
H. MULLKR. maker, repairer. - Latham place. |
a .WEEK'S 1 - NEWS FOR ,5, cents — th«
>V WKEKXiY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. ,
TO';L_ASK.
XPOR BKNT OK LEASK— SO- VAKA LOT BE.
X' cor. Polk aud- Jackson sts.;-, lent $50 par
month. Addrf_ J. s.. 4-7 Saiisome «v. S. If. :
HAHMAUK , LIOJOiSJKS.
• The foilowinsr marria?e rcen«* were i»m»I by
t:oti,.ty Cler-'s office. yesterday s{. . -,-.'-,
■ J. Samaelsun and Krestin Carlson". 41 — '
'. J. B. Simpson and Mary Mahoney, 24—19. • -
• J. J. Kennedy and Margaret G. Hill, z B— 23.
•• J. C. Moore and Jessie H. Johnston. 27—
J.StaJtlerand Katherina Gama, 29— .8.
A. W. Beatle and Janet M. Oaili-y, 26—22. •-■ -,
Ernest H. Colby and Rachel McDonald. _s— '_B.
f Ik 8. Lazzarevlchund Margaret C. Dufff. 37— JO.
P.O. Williams and Fran-. M. Williams. 34— 'J5.
THE;. DXYUi. «„. '_:_SCUKJ>. ';..
Complaint flle.l:'.. ~~~ . { -i-V'.',:
.Fannie Forbes against George H. Forbes.
Divorce _ranted;~7 ■■;■•«'- ■'- "-'7;:.;v. ■■- 7 '- .: .. --
.- ■ Krcin la Bishop from Edward Bishop, tor willful
neglect; by Judge Huat. ....
lUILTIIS— MAIiIiIJIOES—
rßlrth, mnrr sire and death notices sent by mill
will not be inserted. ■■>. They mus be handed in a;
either of the publication offices and be Indowel
with the name and residence of persons authorize!
to have tlie bHUitt published. ] -
EOKS. v
HEIDTMANN— In this city, November 4.18^3,
rto';»«'wlfa of Arnold Hi-ii.'tinatin » ilati7 ; i'"'-.
IfMAKUI— I).'
LONG— MARKS— In this city. October 6. 1893,
by Judge Ed war A. Belcher of, the Superior
Court, J&mei U. Lon^ and Florence Marks, both
of >an Francisco. "' '
MOORE— JOHNSON— In this city, November 5,
189 >. by the Rev. Dr. B. It. Dille, John C. Moore
of Vullejo and Jessie ii. Joanstoa of Rutherford,
Map* county, cal. ... - .
PLITSCU— BICKNELL-In this city, by the Rev.
Father .Nugent, Conraa W. P.ltsch of Pinole,
Comru Costa County , and Mamie Blcknell of
Sun Francisco. ,
QUININE— PURSELL-In this city. October 1,
i*i:H by Justice of the Peace J. E. Barry. John
■ H. Quinine and Laura Purjell, both or Sun Fran-
cisco. . . « •
SMITH— A RNSTEIN— In this city, November 4.
■ 1898, by the Rev. F. F. Jewell, D.D., Robert W.
Smith and Lillian Arnsteln, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SMITH— TAPKEN-October 2«. 189 S. by the
Rev. Father .Maxmi inn, Harry W. Smith and
Kltz\t>otti Tapken, both of San KranoiMci>
DiED.
Bacon. Anna L. Jewett, Anna S.
Bennett. Kd ward J. Keeev. Margaret
Brown, Sophie McFaden. Irene
Burgle, CatUerlna Mahoney. Cornelius L.
Cantlen, Richard . Mansfleid, J. M. ;
Coover, Ed . Moore, William C.
uowner, Perley R. Munlenbrltik, William
Fa., Andre.v ~ O'Brien. Email ne
Gorman, Maggie /_• ' ■ Saver. Chris. tun
llansen. Mrs. A. P. Seike. Theodor
Hurley, Ju la E. Tuschlaskl. John
Jacobson, Captain ,1. H. otters, Henry
fan, Samuel
BACON— In this city, November 6. 1395. Anna
■ L. liacun, oe.ov^il mother of E. C. and C W.
Bacon and Mrs. M. M. Davidson, a native of
Indiana aged 69 years.
BENNET'I -In this city, November 6, 1896, Ed-
war J: J., dearly .«• loved husband of Alice A.
Bennett (nee Colvin), a native of ban Francisco,
ageJ 23 years and 8 months. •'•'• " -.
JKS"Krieuds .and. acquaintances ar» respect-
ful y inviif 1 to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Minday), at 1 o'clock p. _ from his late resi-
dence, -liui/» Duncan street, between Twenty-
eig.uh and Tweuiy- ninth. Interment; Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. ' "'
N. S."«. W.— Oflicera and members of Rincon Par-
lor No. 72, N. 8. G. W...are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our deceased brother. Ed*
ward Bennett. TO-AiOKKDvV (>unday). at 12:30
o'clock p. m.. from 44UV_ Duncan street. Fines
enforced. KOBKKT J. WILSON, Prea.
W. J. Wysst, Secretary. .
F. of A.— the officers and members of Court
Acme No. 51, F. o: A. : lou are hereby notified
to assembe at 4.10V2 Duncan streac TO-MOR-
ROW (Sunday), at 12:»U o'clock p. it. sharp, to
attend the funeral of our late brother, Edward J.
Bennett. The regular assessment for non-at-
tendance. - By order, ..
ROBERT MYLAR, Chief Ranger.
. Thomas E. Bkadley, Ui'c. Sec-
BROWN— in the City and County Hospital, . No-
- vember 6, 185*6, Sophie Brown, ag?d 20 years.
BURGLE— In Alameda. November 1898, Cath-
er.na. mother ot Kuaene aud Eu?enia;Bur_le,
a native of Alsace-Lorraine, aged 53 years.
CANTLEN— In this city, November 6, ISM. at
his residence, 17 Erie street, Richard, beloved,
husband of the late Hannah Cantleu, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland; aged 67 years. - -'-" t '-
; 4SS*NOviceof funeral ner^af; >r. ": : ■-,. ■ .:
COOVER— In this city, November 6, 1898, Ed,
. beloved husband of EditU Coover, a native of
low v City, aged 41 years.
DOWNER— In this city. November 3. 1893. Per-
ley R. Downer, nncle of Hattle X., Perley B.
aud Henry J. W hithy ana ! .Mrs. Arthur Lewis,
a native of V ruiuut, aged o<i years and 10
• montliH. ' .
49-Frlends end acquaintances are raroaov
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clocK P. M., from- Native Sons,
.Hall. 414. Mason - street, under the-ausplces of
lieorge H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R. Inter-
menii National Cemetery.
FAT— In thisct-.y, November 5, 1896, Andrew,
dearly beloved husband of .Mary Fay, and father
of Joseph, .Mary, Gertrude. Vincent, Julia, Ar-
thur, Genevieve, Annie and Augusta Fay, a na-
tive of ireland, aged 5U years and 10 months.
GORMAN— In this city, November 5, 1-n-l. Mag-
gie, beloved daughter of tho late Joun and Wini-
fred Gorman, and slater of John and Mamie
Gorman, a native 01 baa Francisco, aged 2 j
, year?. ,"»•". ... , ■■-,
Friends and acauatnt&Tices «r» resnest-
■ folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROV7
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
resiat- nee, 79 Converse stree-., between Harrison
and Bryant, thence to su Joseph's Church,
where a solemn reauiem mass .will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing at
8 o'clock a. 'K. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
■ tery. '■■;■. ■ : ;■• ■ , .
HANSEN— In this city. November 3, 1896, Mrs.
A. P. Hanaen, a unlive of California, aged Hi
' year*.' ■ ">'>~ : :~ '' . '■' .'
HURLEY— this city, November 6,189«, Julia
E. Hurley, a native of Sail Francisco, aged 1
year 6 months and 23 days. .
JACOBSON— Ia West Berkeley. November 6.
! hi ;. Captain J. H. Jacou>ou, aged 71 years and
17 days. . - . . . y ■
. JKBfNotlce of funeral in Sunday's papers. -
JEWETT— In this city, November 5, 18a,J. : Anna
s. Jewett, a native of Maine, aged 5- years 4
! months and 23 days.
KEELEY— In this city, November 5, 1896. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Edward Earle Ktje.ey, and
mother of Edna Earle Keel y, a native of Keo-
kuic, la., a^>* 1" ai years 4 months and '- days.
[New York Journal p.easP copy. j
ttirFrlends and iicquaima i':«s are r-Mv>>c'.-
-fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), at 10: o'clock a.' m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter dc Co.,**l__ Eddy.streec
- Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. . .
McFADEN— In this city. November 5, 1896,
Irene McKaden, youngest daughter of Eliza and
Daniel McFaden, a nairveof ban Francisco, aged
1 4 years 7 months and 5 days.
US-Friends and acauaintaDcei are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. - (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. _.. from the FIN
teenth-avenu'e M. E. 1 Church, South San Fran-
cisco. ■ Interment Masonic Cemetery. ~
MAHONEY— In south ban Francisco, November
-"-6.1893. Cornelius Leo Mahoney, youngest and
dearly beloved son of Michael and Mary. Ma-
honey, and -raudson of Mrs. Con Sullivan, a na-
t ive of South Ban Francisco, aged 3 months and
'-4 days. - ■ ' ■ * ■
" «»-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 152- Tenth avenue, near M
' street south. South San Francisco, thence to All
Hallows Church. Fifteenth avenue and M street,
, for services commencing at _ o'clock p. if.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. • :' z
MANSFIELD— Napa. November 6, 1898, J. M.
Man-field, aged 71 years.
JCO" Notice of funeral hereafter.
MOORE— In this city. November 6, 1893. William
C beloved son of Ellen and tne tale Phillip C.
* . Moore, and brother or Kittle, May, Joseph and
Nellie Moore, a native of.Sau Francisco, aged iili
yean 4 months and 4 days. '
MUHI.KXH..INK- 111 tim city. November 6,
1895, William, beloved husband of Mary Mnh-
lenbrlnk. . a native of. Gee^temunde, Germany,
■ aged 64 years 1 month and 10 days.
£3~Noilceor funeral here-fcar. *.
O'BRIEN— In this city. Novemcer 6, 1896. Etna-
line. oeloved wife of William P. O'Brien, motnar .
of I Arthur O'Brien, daughter of Mr. and Mri. G.
M. Crowe, aid : sister of Harvey, Harry and
Charles Crowe and Mrs. George Lay, a native of
Watsonvilie, aged 33 years. • .' ,
t3T Friends and acquaintances an* respec:-
-■ fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at _ o'clock .p. m., from tne par-
lors of H.F. SuUr & Co., 1209 Mission strei:.
' near Eighth. . Interment Laurel Hill Ceraeterv.
BAUER— In San Luis Oblspo, November 0, 1898.
Christian .'fc-auer, dearly beloved husband of
Matni:da ?auer, ' father of George Bauer, Mrs.
Otto Ohrtland, Mrs. John Gerner and Mathilda.
Frederick, Jeanette and' F.mell* !-auer, and
brother of Andrew : Saver of San LnlsObispo,
:: a native of Bavaria,' Germany, aged 53 years 11
months and 2 days. : : ■  i . . ■-. '.; • _
'•* Friends and acquaintances are resowt-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Sunday), at i 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
. of his son-in-law. otto Ohrtland, 16 Hoi? aye-
". nue, between .'Mission and Valencia, streets.
' Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SKIKK— In thin ci.y, November 4, 1898. Theodor,
- bt loved husband ot the late Charlotte Be Ike, and
fatuer of K. T. and R. B. -ieike, Airs. G. K. Swan,
John F. Willmaii. Mrs. J. 1L Bennett and ma
late Mrs. ; Emma ; Dodge, a native of Uermany.
- aged 62 roars 5 months and 4 days.
. jj_r Friends and a qnamtanres ' are respect-
full >• Invited to attend the funeral ;TH is; D\Y
(Saturday), at _ o'clock- p. m., from the par-
lors o. Theodor Dier<cs. *57 Mission street,
n c ;,v",n Fifth and Sixth. ■ lutermeut L O. O. F.
•"' Cemeterv. : '• -
TL>CHINSKI-In this citr. November -6, 1898.
at the German HojpU a', Jonn Tuschinskl. a na-
tive of PoianJ. a_ed 81 years 4 months and 11
•- days .':- •- -•- ■ ■ •-.-"- ■. ■ - ■ • ■ ;
Notice of funeral hereafter. .
WOU'KKS- In ■ this city, November ;5, 1893,
■ Henry, beloved > husban lof i Charlotte Wolters,
father of Charles. Anton,' SuphU, Lizzie ' and
■ Henry Woiters. an I brother of Edwari; Charles,
G-or"», Conrad aid Fr;edrich Wo-ters. Mrs. a.
G. Cole, Mrs. Wllhelmine ; Kranlch and Mrs.
MetaGlootz.a native of Bremen, Germany, a_ed
60 years 7 months and 25 days. ... *. .
aa~i-rienda and acquaintances «r» respect-
fully Invited to attend the ruaerat TO-MORROW
(Sunday),, at I o'clocs p. »€.. iro>n nis late
residence, 2729 Clay street, betwten Pierce and
Scott, thence .0 1. < '. O. F. Ceiaetery, for crema-
-j tion. P. ease ointt floweru; .
WYNN— In this city, November 6, 1898. Samuel,
beloved husband of the late Frances Wynn. and
father of Mary E. Wynn, a native of Ireland,
a^ed 62 years.
J&ir Friends : and i acquaintance* are resr«»o;-
fnllv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), .at 2 o'clock, p. .-. troin the par-
lors ot McAvoy. <fc Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
Interment I. O. O. ,F. Cemetery. .
' ; WicAVOY &-CALLACHER, ; \fi
FONERAL'mEECTORS _' EMBALM
gO Flftb St., Opp. Lincoln School.;
\>S.]--fi Telephone SOBO. I.; :"
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: ' ''.NEAREST c Kiia.
O tery to the city; non-sec ; In no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. UOiCc \>i)l _l_(__l
tUeßt, souiijeMi t-oiiier 01 siiiUu
1314
HOW MIKE TOUCHED
A BROTHER-IN-LAW
Deane Might Have Beaten
Broderick for City
Auditor.
Mournful and Impressive Lesson
Taught by a Faded Cam
paign Card.
BLIGHTED BY THE CHRONICLE.
That Journal's Friendship and Double
Dealing Cost a Popular Mun
a Good Position.
Swinging wearily in tbe wind, impaled
by a solitary tack that still held it in bond
age to a telephone-pole near the Chronicle
office, a posi-eiection campaign card was
to be seen at a late hour last night, bear
ing the inscription:
vote for :
WILLIAM A. DEANE
• FOR AUDITOR. C
: Regular Republican and United :
; Labor Nominee. '.
That handbill, clinging like the last rose
of summer to its barren support, buffe ted
by the breezes that sweep over the Twin
Peaks and up Market street, drenched by
the nightly foes rolling in through the
Golden Gate and bleached by the glaring
sunshine of the day, that lonely, solitary
placard is a sad memento of the recent
municipal campaign.
Worn out, dilapidated, passe, steeped in
the gloom of innocuous desuetude, that
unconsidered scrap of pasteboard im
presses an important lesson upon the mind
of at least one unhappy journalist of San
Francisco. That disgruntled newspaper
proprietor is M. H. de Young, editorof the
Chronicle, and he is vigorously kicking
himself for having caused the defeat of his
brotuer-in-law. William A. Deane, who,
but lor Mr. deYoung's over-ruling propen
sity for double-dealing might to-day be
the Auditor-elect of the great City and
County of San Francisco.
It was a fatal error, allowing that snug
salary to escape f rom the family, and no
one realizes it more than does Mr. de
Young at the present moment. He
yearns in vaiu for another chance at the
game, but the stakes have been won and
Mr. Broderick, the successful competitor,
would be ungrateful to his friends ii he
would think of making a race a second
time, even if the Election Commissioners
should agree to pay the incidental ex
penses.
Billy Deane is one of the best known
and best liked of the young generation of
politicians of San Francisco. Everybody
likes him and over 23,000 citizens voted to
make him the City's Auditor, notwith
standing the fact that there were five can
didates in the field. This is really a re
markable vote, and no other candidate
receiving anything like that support has
suffered defeat. One candidate for the
Superior Court bench actually gains his
seat with a total of only 16,898 votes.
There is not an incident in Brother-in
law Deane's canvass on which Brother-in
law de Young en depend for consolation.
When Mr. Deane wa^ nominated by the
regular Republican Municipal Convention
the Chronicle came out with a scathing
article, declaring tlie entire ticket to be
composed of boiters and indorsing the
nominees put forward by Martin Kelly,
M. H. de Young and a handful of followers,
including Asa R. Wells tor Auditor.
Fora while The Call and other friends
of Mr. Deane hoped that the Chronicle
would give him a chance to win by re
fraining from tendering him its support.
But, alas, he was not destined to enjoy
any such luck. The Chronicle began, one
fatal day, to publish articles in his be alf,
and that seaied bis fate, though, dev,,ite
the Chronicle's efforts, he was defeated by
a very narrow margin.
.Lest Brother-in-law de Young has not
yet fuliy comprehended the situation, the
following statistical statement is luruished
for his perusal:
Broderick 's vote 24,251
Deane's voie 38,193
Broderi'jfs plurality 959
It is known that Mr. de Young's domi
nance of the Martin-Kelly convention was
so complete that lie could have secured
the indorsement of Mr. Deane if he had so
desired, or at least he could have put up a
man of straw who could have been
knocked down with a feather. Before his
sympathies for his brother-in-law were
aroused he ignored these conditions. At
last he decided to do his best to elect his
relative and induced Mr. Wells to with
draw. But the strode came too late. Mr.
Wells is a reputable citizen, though un
fortunately found in evil company for one
time at least. His withdrawal from the
race was published on the first page of the
Chronicle, and was given prominent men
tion by all the papers of the City, but his
popularity is so great that he received
nearly 2500 votes, since it was impossible
at that late date to take his name from the
blanket ticket.
Now, nere are a few more fipures for
Brother-in-law de Young. If De Young
had taken Mr. Wells out of the fight at an
earlier day it is fair to presume that
Brother-in-law Deane would have got the
Republican votes that were cast for Mr.
Wells, and the result would have stood
thus:
Broderick'g vote „ 24 251
Deane's vote 23.292" '
Weiia' vote 2.490
Total Deane would have re
celved 25.782
Any schoolboy can tell Brother-in-law
de Young that this would have given
Brother-in-law Deane a lead of 1531
which mieht have been greatly aug*.
NEW TO-DAT.
EVERY KIND
OF
HUMOR
FROM
PIMPLES
TO
SCROFULA
; Speedily cured by Cttticitba Resolvent,
greatest of humor cures, assisted externally
; by : warm baths with \ Ccticcba': Soap, and ":
gentle applications of Coticura (ointment),
the great skin cure, when air else fails. - .
' Bold throughout the world. Price, Cutjccka, «oe.i
Boap. 25c.; Rbsoltcitt, fide. « D d $1. Potter Dkoo
akd Cam. Coep., Solo Prop*.. Botton, V. 8. A.
«■" How to Cure Ltuj Humor," mailad (in. :
mented by discreet withholding of sup
port on the part of the Chronicle.
Reference to the municipal election re
turns will show that the top vote for the
Martin Kelly ticket was only abom 7000,
Mr. Launieister leading the proces ion,
and the phenomenal strength disclosed by
Mr. Deane must be ascribed to his per
sonal popularity and to tue meager circu
lation of tne Chronicle, which prevented a
great many voters from ascertaining that
that iournai was supporting him.
BURGLARY ON POWELL.
The House of Mrs. J. S. Slayer Entered.
Ladies Frightened.
A burglar entered the residence of Mrs.
J. S. Mayer, 606 a Powell street, near Bu9h,
some time during Thursday ni^ht. It is
thought he entered througli the front door
and passed through the hall into a front
room occupied by a young man wno lodges
in the house. Then he must have passed
through the south side of the bay-window
out onto a small veranda, and from there
entered the bay-window oi the front par
lor. He probably went back into the
back parlor, which is the sleeping apart
ment of the Misses Birdie and Tress
Miiyer.
There had been left on the bureau a
purse containing $5 75 and some rare
coins. All these were taken except the
purse, which was left behind with 1 cent
in it.
On the way in the burglar went through
the pock ts of the young lodger and se
cured $2 95.
It is believed that he must have been
scared off before he could do any more
damage. He went out by unlocking the
parlor door from the inside and passed
out through the hall.
The mere thouglitof a man having beer,
in their room has almost given the Misses
Mayer nervous prostration.
FIND HE LIBELED
JUDGE HEBBARD
Grand Jury Found Two In
dictments Against
Fred Marriott.
The Defamatory Articles Were
Published in the News
Letter.
LANGUAGE OF THE LIBELS.
Circular Signei by Depositors of the
People's Home Bank Published
After Signers Were ladictel.
The Grand Jury went into Judge
Slack's court yesterday afternoon and
through the foreman, Frederick Hobbs, pre
sented two indictments for misdemeanor
libel against Fied Marriott, proprietor of
the San Francisco News Letter and Cali
fornia Advertiser. On motion of E. D.
Peixotto, Assistant District Attorney, a
bench warrant was issued lor Marriott's
arrest and bail fixed at $500 on each
charge.
The complaining witness in this case is
J. C. B. Heobard, Judge of the Superior
Court. He submitted to the Grand Jury,
through Mr. Peixotto, a copy of the San
Francisco News Letter of October 31, 1896.
The circular signed by T. H. McCarthy,
E. P. Kendall, Thomas S. Williams Jr.,
George B. Conant, Benjamin Lucy, A. L.
Casarair and T. H. Qualman, People's
Home Savings Bank depositors commit
tee, was published under the following
display lines in the News Letter of last
Saturday:
AN APPEAL TO VOTERS.
What the representatives of tbe swindled
depositors of tne People's Home Savings Bank
think of
JUDGE J. C. B. HEBBARD.
Substantial reasons why he should not be
re-elected Superior Court Judge of the City
and County ot San Francisco.
Shortly after the circular was first cir
culated as a campaign document, the
men who signed it were indicted for libel
by the present Grand Jury. One indict
ment agidnst Fred Marriott is for the pub
lication of the same document in the
News Letter.
The second indictment found yesterday
was tor publishing the following comment
011 the document first mentioned :
In another part
A WORTHY JUDGE, of tne News Let
ter appears an
FORSOOTH! article signed
, by a committee
of the People s Home Savings Bank depositors
showing adequHte cause why Judge Hebbard
should not De re-elected. The statements
made in this terrible document will cause
every honest man to shrink iron) voting for a
creature who is therein clearly proven to be
the enemy of numerous widows and orphans,
and morally liable for the loss of their little
savings. Is that the sort of man to re-elect
Judge? Not so. Intelligent men will learn
well the lesson that article teaches, and will
see to it taat he is removed from the high po
sition he disgraces. If tools are to be elected
to the judiciary, then honest men had better
get out of the City. But it will be more natu
ral lor us to relegate tne tools to the oblivion
they so richly merit.
The indictments set forth that the arti
cles published are malicious and defama
tory, tending to impeach the integrity
vinue an.i honesty of J. C. B. Hebbard, a
Judge of tbe Superior Court, an. 1 to ex
pose him to public hatred and contempt.
The members of the Grand Jury attend
ing the session at which the indictments
were found were Frederick Hobbs, Harry
Durbnw, C. C. Burr, George Jone«, H. S.
Hogan, William L. Ashe. William F. Mau
Robert Haight. David B. Faktor. August
E. Drucker, James C. Nealon, Richard
Pechi, E. P. Farnswortb, Frederick W.
Zenfuss, M. Spiro and William H. Pratt.
While Judge Hebbard was waiting in
the anteroom for members of the Grand
Jury to arrive he was greeted and con
gratulated on his success in the Hection by
many of his friends in the City HaiJ. Con
cerning tbe libel proceedings against the
News Letter he remarked that the indict
ment was not sought on his own account
but as a matter of public duty and im
portance. It is expected that the trial of
the case will reveal the names of persons or
corporations that expended money in con
siderable sums to print and circulate cam
paign documents designed to deieat Judge
Hebbard.
The Latest Ik Art.
Wo are indeed living in a great age.
Valuable discoveries are daily being made,
and inventors are constantly at work try
ing to benefit mankind. The art of pho
tography has not been forgotten as many
useful processes have been discovered.
The Bas Relief, a raised photoeraph which
is the invention ot our worid-renowned
photographer, I. W. Taber; ranks as the
finest and most artistic discovery of this
decade.
Mr. Tab«r's gallery has been equipped
with the latest photographic applances,
also a new elevator running from the
ground floor of 121 Post street to his pho
toerapbic parlors has been erected for the
benefit of his patrons, and it now only
lies with the public to furnish some ex
cellent subjects.
One English railway company alone is
su' b over a ton of railway tickets weekly.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1896.
WOMEN WORKERS
FINAL RALLY
Resolutions Adopted Declar
ing for a Renewal of
the Fight.
They Raise a Good Sum of Money
to Pay the Last Cam
paign Debt.
A EOAST FDR DE YOUNG-
The Metropolitan Temple Meeting
Was a Rouser in Numbers aid
Enthusiasm
The convention of the State Suffrage
Association concluded its business yester
day and adjourned, having furnished
during its entire session an example of
MISS MARY G. HAY.
piuck and patience such as should quiet
forever the calumny that women do not
know how to govern themselves — that
they become hysterical in face of defeat.
Just before adjournment the women of
the convention subscribed $1125 to pay off
a campaign debt of $900 and to begin a re
newal cf the fight for suffrage.
Not one note of real discouragement
was struck during the convention. The
meeting at Metropoiitar. flail called in
advance as a rejoicing over an anticipated
victory "was Dy no means a funeral," as
Miss Hay remarked. It was a strong
"last word" to a magnificently fought
campaign.
The proceedings of the convention yes
terday morning took the lorra of a gen
eral leave-taking of the women who have
stood and fought together for the past
eight months. In the afternoon the real
business of the session was transacted in
rapid shape. Officers were elected and the
committees on "plan of work" and ol
"resolutions" made their report, and at
the sol citation of Miss Mary G. Hay tbe
big sum of money was subscribed by
women who have for the past eight
months been daily paying out money in
their work.
Following are the officers elected:
President, Mrs. John F. Swift, San Fran
cisco; first vice-pr sident, Mrs. F. M.
Smith, Oakland; second vice-president,
Mrs. General John -Bidwell, Chico; third
vice- president, Mrs. Elmira T. Stevens,
Los Angeles; correspondinr secretary,
Mrs. Judge Cotton, San Francisco; re
cording secretary, Mrs. Nellie H. Blinn,
San Francisco; treasurer, Mr*. Mar? S.
Sperry, San Francisco; auiitors— Mrs.
Lovell White and Mrs. George Oulten,
San Francisco.
The State delegate to the National com
mittee was not chosen, but -vlllv l l l be at a
meeting of the ex cutive committee to be
held at Mrs. Sar.-ent's home tbis morning.
Mrs. A. A. Sargent and Mrs. Knox
Goodrich were by resolution made hon
orary presidents.
Mrs. Snerry, treasurer, made her report
throu h Mrs. Emma B. Sweat, whom
Mrs. Sperry credited with dome all the
real work connected with her office. She
reported that over $15,000 had b»»en sub
scribed and expended during the cam
paign; that over a million woman suf-
Irage 1 afiets had been sent out.
Miss Anthony remarked that this was
the largest sum of money ever handled
in a State campaign in the cause of suf
lrage.
Following is the report 6f the commit
tee on resolutions read by Mrs. Ida
Harper, chairman of the press commit
tee, and whose appearance on the stnge
was greeted by applause:
Whereas, After an eight months' campaign
to secure suff age for the women of California,
supported by a large proportion of the press
and all the moral and educational forces i;i
the State, we find a majority of tho popuiar
vote against conferring this franchise; Hnd
whereus this campaign has revealed a deplor
able skepucisin in regurd to universal suffrage
and a decline of faith in American principles,
as shown by this refusal to fur ncr extend the
franchise; and whereas it has been unmis
takably demonstrated that the dominating
political parties of the State are controlled by
corrupt and vicious influences; therefore be it
Resolved, That we see in this defeat of woman
suffrage a menace to the S ate, a mnjority of
whose voters have declared in favor of con
tinuing present conditions and against ad
mitting to a i>hare In the government the only
element which can be depended upon to
change them for the better.
Jiesolved, Tnat fully recognizing and appreci
ating the services of nearly 300 newspapers in
the State which supported the sixth amend
ment, we Hereby exp ess the thanks of the
State Association and of all friends of suffrage,
aud we urge that their assistance be continued
until our victory is won.
Resolvtd, That this association cordially
ackuowledges the splendid work that has
been done by thousands of women in all parts
of the State to secure their political freedom,
nnd considers that any individual mention
would bean unfair discrimination. We t&ice
pleasure, however, in malting one exception
in favor of our retiring Slate president, Mr*.
Ellen C. Sargent, whose valuable time and ser
vices lor the past year have been wholly de
voted to the cause of woman suffrage, whose
house was used as headquarters for nine
mon!h3and whose home has been placed at
the service of our Eastern assistants during
the entire campaign.
Resolved, That no formula of words can ex
press the Kratttude and reverence we feel for
our honored National leader. Susan B. An
thony, who has given eight month* of 1 er
prectous life to ihe women of Caliiornia, with
out any financial re compense whatever, ren
dering the same unse fish devotion to the pres
ent campaign mat she has contributed to the
whole Nation for fifty years.
Resolved, That while we accept the verdict
of the election, we do not regard It as final,
but believing that ourcause is just and must
prevail, we will enter at once upo a vigorous
campaign which will end ouly when the bal
lot is placed in tbe bauds of California women.
Ida A. Harper, Rev. Elizabeth Tupper
Wiikes. Mary A Swift, Ida V. Stambach. Hat
tie E. Cotton, Ada H. Van Pelt, committee.
A vote of thanks at the su gestion of
Mrs. McCann was given by the conven
tion to the men who voted for the enfran
chis ment of women.
Following is the report of the committee
on plan of work to be undertaken at once
and continued:
1. Work for constitutional amendment at
the next Legislature, piaiia to be hereafter de
veloped.
2. Thorough county organization, consisting
of a county central committee to be com: osed
of an election board and the chairman of
each precinct.
3. The Importance of organization in every
precinct.
4. The home department for precinct work,
consisting of a system of calls, loaning and
distributing literature, extending invitations
to meetings.
5. Interest tbe young people in a series of
entertainments, dramas, contests, socials, teas,
eampaizn songs.
6. Systematic press work.
7. Study- of political economy.
8. Public lectures, rallies, etc.
9. Diitrict institutes, to De conducted by
qualified instructors.
10. A local correspondence bureau, to be
*stAblisned, through which letters shall be
written, under a t:om de plume, to be submit
ted to the censorship ot a committee.
11. The presentation of work before other or
ganized bodies; also, an endeavor to interest
wonnn's clubs.
12. That woman suffrage speakers and
workers shall be absolutely non-partisan.
Here Miss Hay began her work of clear
ing off the $900 debt and raising a sur
nl'.is. The following were the names and
sums subscribed:
| Mrs. Bnerry $100
Mrs. Sargent 100
Mrs. Swllt 100
Mrs. Knox Goodrich of San Jose 100
Miss Antho..y (from two friends) 150
Mrs. Keith • 50
Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin 50
Dr. IdaStambHCh 50
Mrs". L. C. Mori-house 25
Mr-. Johnson 25
Mrs. Hoe 25
Mrs. Daniels 25
Anna Shaw 25
Mrs. Eddy of Santa Barbara... 25
Mrs. George Haight oi Berkeley 25
Mrs. I. N. Chapman of Aiaroeda 25
Mrs. Anealo(for Mission Suffrage Club)... 15
Mrs. Spalding of Alnmeda 10
Mr\ Wood oi Alnmcda 25
Mrs. J. C. Campbell of Oakland 25
Miss Johnson, per month 5
Mrs. Henjamln of OroviUe 10
Winifred Warner 5
Nellie smith 5
Mnrv Gorhftm 5
Lffie Sco it Vance 5
Mrs. Halpruner 5
Mrs. South rd of Palo Alto 5
Mrs. Bhbcock * 5
Mrs. Oliver 5
Mrs. Swaiu 5
Mrs. Nealon 10
Mrs. Cross, West End Club JO
Mrs. L. J. Harding 10
< ash 10
Mrs. Pratt 10
Mrs. Uabcock 10
Mrs. Chamberlain of Vallejo 10
Santa Cruz Club 10
Mi»s Mary Gorham, headquarters 10
Mrs. George Swift 10
A characteristic letter was read from
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who is with her
daughter at the sanitarium at St. Helena,
and the convention passed a resolution of
greeting to mother and daughter.
Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt made a tell
ing address at theclose, urging woman suf
fragists to inform themselves upon affairs,
to prosecute the work of education upon
political service in their club* and to join
always in the movements looking to good
citizenship.
MISS HAY SURPRISED.
She Received a Handsome Testi
monial Slcrned by Governor Budd.
Governor Budd headed a list of signers
to an engrossed testimonial which was
presented last evening to Miss Mary G.
Hay, National organizer and president ot
the Woman Suffrage Btate Central Com
mittee. The presentation took place at
the headquarters of the committee in the
Parrott building. A. T. Hatch. W. H.
Chapman, Dr. N. T. Bird and Guy A. R.
Lewington were the delegation which had
charge of the affair. The testimonial was
worded as follows:
To Mary Q. Hay. As me*n of the Pacific Coest
we bear witness and must acknowledge that
the campaign fought (or woman's suffrage has
been one oi the cleanest and one of the best
organized and munaged that has occurred in
our midst since California came into the Union.
The highest degree of credit for this result is
due to Mary G. Hay, National organizer and
chairman of the Woman suffrage State Central
Committee, who has shown unusual executive
ability and tact. Her organising power, clear
head and gentle firmness have won forfther
what we all covet. It has proved to us that
women in politics, as elsewhere, areourequal*
ana able co-helpers.
Tberetore we have determined to sign our
names to this, our sincere opinion, that Mary
G. H iy may know in what respect and esteem
we hold her.' The other brilliant and capable
women whom we have been pleased to honor
and to welcome to our Slate and to our politi
cal Dlntfornis, under the leadership of that
grand and steadfast woman, Susan B. An
tnony. know what our opinion of them is.
Miss Ha has taken the quieter part, the busi
ness part, the executive part, the organizing
part, and this we all know is one of the most
'Mfficult of all ; and tor this reason we wish to
express to her personally our most sincere
congratulations and keen appreciation of her
exceptional bil'.y, from first to last, in the
carnpalgo of 1896 lor woman suffrage in the
State of California.
A- T - ttatch presented the testimonial
with a neat presentation speccti. The
other members of the delegation also
made briei remarks, also adding Reserved
words of praise for the work Miss Hay has
faithfully performed.
Miss Hay »p. ke briefly in acknowledg
ment. She said that she did not think
that she deserved the mark of favor which
had been given to her, but she could ap
preciate it, coming as it did from gentle
men who know something of business and
of political work. She would be glad to
show the gift to her people and to say that
i here were 80.000 good strong men in Cali
fornia. She appreciated the gift more
than *he could ever express in words and
more than those present could possibly
Hnderstand.
Miss Hay hag been the executive officer
of the woman suffrage campaign, to whom
all the workers looked for direction. She
ha? worked several months in this State
for woman suffrage.
DE YOUNG ROASTED.
A Rousing: Meeting: at Metropolitan
Hall— Rtnglnsr Speeches.
The meeting at Metropolitan Temple
was a "rouser," filling all the seating and
standing space under the big roof. As
Miss Hay said, it "did not look like a lost
cause."
Miss Anthony presided and had the
audience with her all the time.
The officers of the convention of the
afternoon read the resolutions and told of
the work of the campaign, the resolutions
read by Mrs. Harper being warmly ap
plauded.
Judge Maguire was introduced by Mias
Anthony and was greeted as a friend. He
said tliat among the best speeches he had
henrd during ihe campaign were made by
women wnile advocating tbeir cause. He
said he had been embarrassed during his
own canvass. For himseli he stood for
woman suffrage not as such but as favor
ing a part of universal suffrage for which
he stood. His embarrassment had arisen
from the fact that bis own party in con
vention had refused to indorse woman
suffrage in its platform, and speaking
under the auspices of that party it would
have been unseemly in him t<? speak his
views upon the subject of suffrage.
He hoped that at the next convention
of his party tbe plank for suffrage would
be favored by a large majority. So far
from the right being finished he declared
it was m lull rloon, and would not finish
until women voted with men.
Rev. Dr. McLean of Oakland was intro
duced r- a relat.ve-in-law of Miss An
thony — her eldest sister had married his
eldest brother.
"And my eldest brother got a very ex
cellent wife," said Mr. McLean. "And.
further, some man has missed the best
wife that God could have furnished him
in that Susan B. Anthony remains un
mnrr.cd. [Great applause.]
Dr. McLean made a strong littie talk,
followed by Miss Hay, whose likeness to
Mi.«s Shaw keep things a little confused
in the woman's suffrage camp.
Mrs. Catherine Chuprnan-Catt made an
eloquent talk. She ht«d hoped, she said,
that their great leader would be able to
walk with them into tbe promised land,
but now she did not know. Certainly this
woman, she said, had been divinely gifted
for this special mission, and her place was
already secure among the immortals.
"But there is a newspaper of this City,
a 'great' newspaper, and an owner of that
newspaper wi.ose name will be held in
loathing and contempt by men and women
who look for honesty and right in hich
places. So long as the name of S san B.
Anthony is revered the names of these
others will be despised." [Applause.]
Rev. Anna bhaw was the last speaker
and her effort was one of the most elo
quent of her series of addresses.
She told her hearers that suffrage was as
certain as the incoming tide, the cause
and the efforts of those engaged in it as
resistless as the sea. In conclusion she
simply said, "Good-by."
M M Anthony bade farewell on behalf
of herself and the other six Eastern
women who came out for the campaign.
WELCH CHANGES FRAUD.
He Saya Hfa Defeat Mas Accomplished
by Foul M««ni,
M. J. Welch, the Republican candidate
or Siate Senator i n the Twenty-third
District, will contest the election of Syd
ney Hall, the Democratic candidate, who
claims to Ikivj been elected.
Welch wiil not only contest but declares
an intention of bringing suits for illegal
voting or recister-stuffing that he says
will certainly land some individuals in
San Quentin, tliere to keep company with
one Louis Steinberg of Manoney- Baldwin
Hotel unsavory memory.
The unofficial returns show that Sydney
Hall received 1667 votes, J. G. Tyrrell 1659
and M. J. Welch 1632.
A little figuring will show that Hall re
ceived 35 votes more than Welch and
Tyrrell 27.
Mr. Welch will call for a recount imme
diately upon the Election Commission
declaring the result officially.
Welch claims to have positive evidence
of fraud directed against himself and
which was sufficient tv place the narrow
margin over in the columns of his oppo
nents, to his defeat.
He refuses, however, to go into particu
.lars at tne present in the fear, he says,
that those whom he hopes to convict and
remove from the possibility of doing any
further politics of their peculiar kind will
fly to Canada. He promises, however, that
there will be sensational developments be
fore long.
Warrants may be sworn out to-day for
the arrest of certain individuals of con
siderable prominence in political circles.
Welcome to Dr. Hemphlll.
A welcome home will be tendered the Rev.
Mr. Hemphill, pastor of Calvary Church, ana
Mrs. Hemphill Tuesday evening In the church
parlors. The members of Calvary Church had
arranged to give the reception last evening,
but owing to an unavoidable delay Dr. Hemp
hill was unable to reach the City until too
late an hour for the reception. The arrange
ments for the welcome home are in charge of
an executive committee, of which D. W. Hors
burgh in chnirman, and indications point to a
very large attendance of the members of the
church. The parlors will be beautifully deco
rnted by a committee under the direction of
Mrs. A. K. Baldwin, ana au interesting pro
gramme has been prepared.
Faro Game Raided.
Captain Al White's faro game, 13 Third
street, was raided by Sergeants Davis, Dono
van and a squad of policemen at 12:30 o'clock
this morning. The dealer, lookout and six
players were arrested and booked at the South
ern Police station, but were subsequently re
leased on bail. A complete faro layout was
secured and will be used as evidence against
lhe offenders.
Tardy in His Payments.
The Home Mutual of New York and the
Phoenix of Hartford, two insurance companies,
have caused the arrest of Thomas Aguew on a
charge of fe.ony embezzlement.
Agnew, it is claimed, has been acting as
local agent for both companies, and.it is al
leged, h"S been holding out some $800 he
should have paid into them for premiums
collected.
Robert P. Heating's Will.
The will of Robert P. Keating of Virginia
City, Nev., was yesterday filed for probate. He
left an estate valued at $45,000, which he be
queathed to his wife and iwo children. Ber
nard D. Murphy. Jewett W. Adams and Samuel
L. Jones are named as executors..
Bacon-Minetti Concert.
The Bacon-Mlnetti concert, which was de
ferred last Saturday on account of the Repub
lican procession, will take place at 3 o'ciock
this afternoon at the Association auditorium.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
~^^ -^ v^ rE ' W 10 -DAT-DRT GOODS. _^^^~~-~— ~-~—
sißciPirspitHiiSr
.— —in ; -,■-•;, '■■•'
NEW GOODS!
Our regular Bargain Day finds us with A RARE ARRAY OP
VALUES IN NEW AND SEASONABLE GOODS, a few lines of
which WE SELECT and offer as EXTRA SPECIAL
AT PARTICULARLY LOW PRICES!
'■ ; LADIES^ HANDKERCHIEFS!
-A.t 1O Cents JE3a.oJkx.
500 dozen LADIES' WHITE SHEER LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular value $2 25 a dozen, on special sale at 10c each.
■A-t 12^ <"!p>ti *tm £acll.
400 dozen LADIES' WHITE SHEER LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular value $2 50 a dozen, on special sale at 12>^c each.
\ i'ij- .A-t 15 Cents Eaoli.
200 dozen LADIES WHITE SHEER LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular value $3 a dozen, on special sale at 15c each.
At 25 Cents Each.
100 dozen LADIES' WHITE SHEER LAW N SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular value $6 a dozen, on special sale at 25c each.
VEILING! VEILING! VEILING!
-A.t 25 Cents a, TZ"«.rci..
DOUBLE AND THREE-QUARTER WIDTHS CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO
-VEILING, regular price 40c and 45c, on special sale at 25c a yard.
LADIESV KID GLOVES. %
A.* 38~Cents.
150 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large buttons), colors brotfn, tan and mode,
regular price $1, on special sale at 59c a pair.
At SI.OO.
115 dozen: 4-BUTTON DERBY. KID CLOVES (large buttons to match gloves), colors
brown, tan and red, regular price $1 50, on special sale at $1 a pair.
FEATHER COLLARETTES.
COQUE FEATHER COLLARETTES, 18 inches, ribbon ties, extra value at 75c and
$1 each. :. - • ■  -n^—.: .-'o
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER COLLARETTES. 18 inches, ribbon ties, finest
quality, extra value from $2 to $3 50 each.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
-A-"t 6O Cents. -
% At>O <?4?£ dozen the balance of our PERCALE AND CHEVIOT LAUNDERED
SHIRTS, with detached collars and cuffs, new shapes, which were sold at SI and
$1 25, will be placed on special sale at 60c each.
j£Sjt XO Cents.
160 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED HEAVY COTTON SOCKS, in brown mixed,
'slau-8, grays, etc., with double spliced heels and toes, regular price $2 50 a dozen
on special sale at 10c a pair. '
j&jt SO Cents.
95 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMKL'S-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
regularly worth 85c, on special sale at 50c each.
.A-t SI.OO. " ■-•.','
75 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN LAMBS-W OOL AND CAMELS-HAIR MIXED
, UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk "extra value
for $1 50, on special sale at $1 each.
*3? STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENIN3S UHIL , 10 O'CLOCK.
/jw/^^^ MURPHY EUTLDINOt /
(/(/ Martot Street emir of imi /
BARNETT PUNCHED
J. J. RAUER'S EVE
A Lively Affray in the
County Clerk's Office
Yesterday.
The Collector Charged With
Working Against William
A. Deane.
FIGHT AFTER LIE WAS PASSED
The Journal of Commerce Man Was
Belligerent and Scored a Point
in the Bcut.
The clerks and visitors in the County
Clerk's office were treated to a lively setto
yesterday, in which J. J. Raver, the col
lector, and Moses Barnett of the Journal
of Commerce were the principals. It was
one of the very few interesting fights re
sulting from the election and the audience
enjoyed it greatly.
Barnett, who was interested to some ex
tent in the canvass of W. A. Deane for
the office of Auditor, has been making
statements that Ruuer put up $600 to keep
Mr. Chapman, the independent candidate
for Auditor, in the fi Id, for the express
purpose of defeating Deane. These tales
came to the ears of the collector, and
when he met Burnett yesterday he de
manded to know the truth of the matter.
"Ye?, I did say that you were trying to
beat Deane," answered Barnett, "and
moreover I can prove it. You were stand
ing in with another candidate to beat him,
and you know it."
Raver looked him in the eye for an in
stant and thpn said slowly:
"You are a liar, sir."
Barnett aid not delay about beginning
hostilities, but swung his right on Raver's
eye and was preparing for another blow
when the ponly and thoroughly enraged
collector closed on nim and a rougn-ahd
tumble contest, without regard to the
rules of he ring, ensued.
Both clawed and punched desperately
and by the time they were separated by
clerks were exhausted ami somewhat the
worse for wear. Barnett had several
scratches about the forehead and Raver m
somewhat contused eye.
Alter tne rigtu Barnett reiterated his
8 »tem>nt that Raver had worked and
iij-ed money in the Auditor fight and that
Chapman had told him so in the presence
of his brother-in-law.
"I went to Chapman and told him that
he could not win and had better get out
of the fight," he said, "and in answer he
told me that he would lose, but that Raver
was putting up the money in the interest
of another candidate and that he was go
ing to stay in anyway. He tackled me
about it and I nnnched him, that's all"
Mr. Raver was somewhat ruffled over
the incident, but indignantly denied that
he had put up $600, or any other sum to
defeat D ane. '
"This man went into a losing fight and
was sore over it," he said, "and spread
these lies about to make trouble. There
is nothing in it."
•—•• — •■ — • .
Anniversary of Luther's Birth.
The Lutheran Church of the Holy Spirit,
2127 Jackson street, will commemorate tb«
413 th anniversary of the birtn ot Luther to
morrow. A sermon will bo preached by the
pastor, Rev. Oliver C. Miller, at 11 a. k., sub
ject. "Tne reforms that have been, and that
ought to be." There will also be a children's!
meeting at 7 p. m , a talk by the pastor on the
childhood of Luther, and a sermon at 7:45
P. M. on the subject, "Jesus, our brother, or
Lessons from the recent election."
HEW TO.DAT\ '
W9 BELTS
-**42.50 to $25.
■i The Belt that othe charge you $40 for
we guarantee to furnish for $25. '
GALYAMC OR FARAIHC BATTERIES,
$4.00 to $25.00.
ELASTIC STOCKW..V..... $2.50
TRUSSES. :...........>. :$1.50
, We have an immense stock of Trusses
and guarantee a perfect tit. .
Scott's Catarrh Cure
6 months'' trea ment, £»o 50
Call for free trial. , «p«J._.
KCl°/~ SAVED on the i price of prescrin.
til/- /Onions, as we pay no percentages
to Physicians. ;*■; • * , . °
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY^
©S3 Market Street, "
south side.' bet. Fifth and dtxth. "1
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/lITARLK.S H. PHli ir, v _
\J Law and Notary lAiblin kW v J ro «NEY-A.TV
■lie Palace Hote'. Telephone 57U s -" °Pp£
>f tel street. , Telephone '• PUie » Vsf. ncs "*•