VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 32.
HIDING UNDER A SILVER PLANK
Democrats May Ignore the
Tariff Issue in Their
Platform.
FLEE FROM THE FREE
TRADE HULK.
Party Leaders Foresee Defeat if
a Protective Policy is
Assailed.
BLAND LEADS IN THE RACE AT
CHICAGO.
Vice • President Stevenson Arrives,
and Admits That He Seeks
the Nomination.
H'The Call's" quarters, >
The Auditorium, . >
Chicago, 111., July 1.)
Governor Johann Proudhon Altgeld
has mounted the Democracy, and is jab
bing his brass spurs into the quivering
sides of the superannuated steed. Thus
far he is the boss of the National Democ
racy. He and Governor Stone of MU
muri were log-rolling for Bland to-day.
The tarriff will not be an issue ■with
the Democracy at this campaign. It
trill be dropped and the fight will be
made on silver as the only and all im
portant plank. Senator ■ Cockrell of
Missouri told me to-day that he did not
know whether a tariff-for-revenue-only
plank would be put into the platform at
all, but he thought that the Democracy
might shed a few tears through the
cracks In the platform for the poor
Cubans. He added that the tariff ques
tion had been settled for the next four
years, by which he meant that the De
mocracy -would win on free coinage, and
that the 'Wilson bill would remain in
operation for that period. X.eai.ing
Democrats decline to discuss the tariff
proposition, and when tapped a' stream
of silver issues from their lips.
.Ex-Secretary Whitney is expected here
to-morrow, and Hill of Xew York the
day after There is no change in the
condition of things. Governor Matthews
of Indiana in being presented by his
friends as a candidate for the Presidency.
The ituy if hot, and silver Democrats for
t'.ic l>i*t time h»v- made a crowd in; the
lobby o- the Palmer House, frothing at i
the mouth on the initial question.
It looks now as though nothing: would
beat Bland for the nomination. He goes
into Chicago as McKlnley went into St.
Louis, wit ii the old guard around him.
Vice-President Stevenson arrived to
day, and admitted that he was a candi
date for the Presidency.
JOHN PAUL COSGRAVE.
IGNORING THE TARIFF.
Democrats Build Their Hope of
Success Upon the White
Metal Issue.
CHICAGO. 111., July I.— Johann Proud
hon Altgeid, booted and with spurs of
brass, has mounted the steed of Democracy,
and the crack of his whip can now be
heard in every State in the Union, as he
jabs the brass points into the quivering
flesh of his tired and superannuated steed.
As he ran the State Convention to suit
himself, so he is running the National
Democratic Convention, and no one thus
far among the leaders of the party has had
the courage to say him nay. He has been
jobbing around all day with Governor
Stone of Missouri, rounding up a delegate
here, lassoing another delegate there, and
driving other delegates into the corner of
the corral in order that the redhot brand
ing-iron of Altgeld shall ornament their
hides. He is making a tight in the inter
est of Dick Bland for President, and has
thereby gained the confidence and sup
port of the Missouri delegation and of the
HOW THE DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES LEF/ CAKLAND FOR CHICAGO YESTERDAY.
The San Francisco Call
Governor of that Btate for the furtherance
of his own ambitious designs.
No one has yet come to the front to dis
pute the supremacy in Democratic coun
cils of this colleague of Herr Most, this
pardoner of bomb-throwing anarchists.
When one looks deeper into the matter he
will see that under present conditions
there is no reason why any good Demo
crat should dispute the claims of Johann
Proudhon Altgeld to act as the drum
major for this brass band of Democratic
office-seefcers. Altgeld is satisfactory be
cause he can do the business, the aforesaid
business being the capture of the Federal
offices by the Democratic office brlpade,
and that,is sufficient. That is the Lake of
Como which delights them in their politi
cal dreams, and they cannot see that it is
beneatli the dignity of the Governor of the
State of Missouri and the Justice of a State
Supreme Court to logroll in the interests
of certain candidates when the Governor
of the great State of Illinois, which gave
to the Nation an Abraham Lincoln, is do
ing the same thing.
For about the first time in its history,
the National Democratic party stands
without a principle. The tariff for revenue
only was the corner post of all of its plat
forms, but now that important issue is to
be consigned to the political junk shop.
and the battle for office is to be made upon
the silver issue, whic^, until now, had not
been recognized as a principle of the Demo
cratic party. That principle has been
taken up simply for the purpose of obtain
ing the votes of the silver States and of
the adherents of silver coinage throughout
the rest of the Union. The tariff issue, i
which has been the prominent battle cry
of the Democracy, and which has oeen the
watchword of the Republican party
I through all the campaigns in the past, will
| not be heard from the ranks of the Democ
! racy thi3 year.
The Republicans will discuss this ques
i tion during the campaign, and will to the
: end uphold the banner of protection to
American industries, whether victorious
!or defeated. A principle which cannot
survive defeat in one or two or a dozen
i campaigns and a party which will aban
i Jon principle merely because of defeat, are
both unworthy of the respect of all good
citizens. The Democratic party to-day
stands in this attitude. It has made an
alliance with the silver men of the West
and South simply for the sake of getting
into power, and has abandoned all ttie old
principles with which its silver-tongued
colonels were wont to make the welkin
ring.
Such of the leaders as are here to-day
make no denial of the fact tnat the battle
will be made on the silver plank, and that
the tariff proposition whicli so vitally af
fects the welfare of the laboring men and
women of this Nation must wait for an
other four years. You cannot get a Dem
ocrat here to talic with you on tne tariff.
If you ask him for his opinion upon any
political subject a stream of silver forth
with issues from his lips and will not be
dammed unless you spell it with an "n."
Senator Cockrell of Missouri, who is j
one of the big guns of the convention here,
to-day gave me the keynote to the tune
which the Democracy is goinc to sing in |
the fall. The Senator i« an elderly per- ;
sonage of large frame, witn a massive
head, a benevolent, fatherly face, a gray
chin whisker and a suit of sober black. He
might be mistaken for a farmer who had
waxed wealthy in the production of corn
and potatoes, or he might pass for a coun
try judge learned in the law. When I
asked him to-day for an interview he be
gan to squirm. Ue was awfully busy talk
ing politics with Tom, Dick and Harry,
and had on the day before talked a whole
river of silver into the ear of a reporter j
for one of the New York papers. A look
of anguish passed over his features when
I informed him that it was not my pur
pose to question him concerning his opin
ions upon the silver issue, because that |
matter and the complexion of the conven- I
tion with regard to it had been already {
exploited, and that there was no more of
news to be had on that subject. Then I
asked him whether the Democracy was to
have a strong plank in the platform re
affirming the devotion of the party to the
time-honored principle of a tariff for reve
nue only. The Senator answered as i had
expected he would.
"There is only one issue before the peo
ple," he said, "and that is the free coinage
of silver. The tariff question has been
practically settled for the next four years."
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 2, 1896.
THE NEW BOSS OF THE DEMOCRACY READY TO ROUND UP DELEGATES.
He proceeded to lay bow tl* people of \
;I ■■■ iJa£f we;e Tor silver and Low the gold
men of the East were quaking in their
boots at the prospect of Democratic suc
cess. So far as the chances of the candi
dates for the Presidency were concerned
he was of the opinion that Mr. Bland was
in the lead, but with a conservatism most
remarkable in a Missouri Democrat he
added that he could not be sure of that
fact, because all the delegates had not yet
arrived and had not been canvassed with
reference to their preferences for the Presi
dency.
With reference to the platform to be
adopted by the convention the Senator
gave his opinior. mat it would be short
and sweet. He did not think that there
would be much in it concerning the issue
of the tariff. He was rather of the opin
ion that what there would be of the plat
| form would be streaked with silver and
that almost every plank in the important
manifesto would bear or carrom upon the
free-coinage proposition. The Senator
was more pleased when 1 asked whether
i there would be a plank expressing sympa
thy for tne Cuban revolutionists, and he
replied that, in his judgment, the plat
form might have something in it about
the Cuban and other things. "But," he
added, "it will all be directed toward the
silver issue." He did not know whether
the tariff would be mentioned at all.
That is all the Senator will say on the
political situation, outside of silver. He
would talk all day and late into the next
morning on that pleasant theme, which
sounds so mellifluonsly in Democratic
ears iust at this time; but on the matter
which concerns the vital interests of the
\ wool, Sti wine and Ufruii ryo- i
ducers of California .wi'l « :her States, lie 1
was as dumb as a boiled oyster. That's
the case witn all of them now — not the
oysters, but the Democratic leaders here.
They are like the policeman with the sil
ver dollar over his eye; they can't see any
thing else but the silver.
I could not help thinking how very
Democratic the Senator was when he ex
pressed his approval of a plank sympa
thizing with the revolutionists in Cuba,
while at the same time he had not a tear to
spare or a word of sympathy to bestow
upon the starving men, women and chil
dren in the great cities of the United
Statqp who are unable to buy bread be
cause the Democratic system of tariff, as
exemplified in the Wilson bill, has pre
vented them from obtaining employment
for any wages at all ; whereas, under the
beneficent workings of the Republican sys
tem of protection, there would be plenty
of work for them at fair wages.
But a Democratic National Convention
is not the place to speak of starving peo
ple. There is too much else that needs
attention. There are candidates to be
nominated; there are combinations to be
made whereby the party may be enabled
to take possession of the offices of the
country, and with them to reward her
faithful sons. How can we Democrats
here pay any attention to ruined wool and
fruit raisers when we are going. to have
here next. Monday 6000 or 6000 uniformed
Biand Leaguers, with a dozen or two brass
bands playing "Dixie," the "Star-span
gled Banner," "America" and "McGinty"?
How can we pay any attention to thu
barefooted and barelegged boys and girls
and women in mhny of our large cities,
when on next Sunday between fifteen
and twenty special trains filled with men
wearing Bland 's uniform will leave Mis
souri, shouting, singing and cheering all
the way to Chicago, to give us an object
lesson on the fact that Bland and silver
ere the only issues worthy of considera
tion by the Democratic National Conven
tion ? How can we find time to think
about depression in business, of the falling
off in the money received for exports, of
the tens of thousands of men and women
tramping the inhospitable sidewalks of
the big cities or skulking along the hedges
on the county roads when the Flambeau
Club from Topeka, Kans., armed with coal
oil torches, is coming herein three special
trains to set the streets on fire for "Silver
DicK"?
O. W. Powers, a delegate from Utah, is
another silver enthusiast. He told me
to-day that Colonel Isaac Trumbo made a
serious mistaKa when he neglected the
opportunity of walking out of the Repub
lican National Convention in St. Louis
when Teller, Cannon and the rest bolted
the Republican party.
"Ah ! that was a serious mistake," added
Mr. Powers, very regretfully. "If he had
done it his people would have stood by
him to the last, but his action in remain
ing a member of the Republican party has
cast distrust and suspicion upon his mo
tives. He is a splendid rustler and we had
always thought him to be sincere in his
work, but — " and here Delegate Powers
shook his head in a very melancholy
manner.
The first sign of animation in things
political observable to-day was the still
hunt from hotel to hotel and from room to
room by Governor Altgeld of Illinois and
Governor Stone of Missouri. The second
was a conference between two representa
tives of the two opposing factions, and tne
third was the formation of n crowd of men
in the lobby of the Palmer House, listen
ing to a heated and unmannerly discussion
on the subject of finance by two men, who
appeared to know as much about the sub
ject as the little, pinch-faced, stunted 10
-year-old girls wlio are wearing their lives
away in the big department stores of Chi
cago.
"Suppose," said one, "you had $2500 in
the bank in gold?"
"Well," interrupted the other, with a
gratified smile, "we'll suppose it. of
course."
The crowd laughed derisively and the
first speaker continued: "Suppose you
went to draw that money out and sup
pose they wanted to pay you in sil — "
"And the bank busted," remarked the
man who was supposed to have but $2500
in the bank. The crowd laughed again,
while the first speaker, very angry and
very much in earnest, resumed the suppo
sition and the crowd grew so big that the
pale-faced, sweltering women passing by
the hotel entrance, stopped to look in.
They thought it was a murder. That was
the last I heard of the discussion.
John Paul Cosgeavx.
EXIT THE GOLD MEN.
Several Members of the National
Committee Scheduled for
a Knifing.
CHICAGO, 111., July I.— There was an
attendance of thirty-five representative
silver delegations at the adjourned meet
ing at the Sherman House to-night of the
National Bimetallic Committee. Senator
Jones of Arkansas, on behalf of the com
mittee delegated to wait on the members
of the National Committee, reported the
result of the conference. The Senator said
they had been received courteously and
had been informed that as the body they
appeared before was only a part of the
executive committee none of the questions
presented as to .temporary organization
and contesting delegations could be passed
on. The committee was requested to wait
upon the full committee.
After numerous speeches, moderate in
tone but bristling with a quiet determina
tion to have their own way in spite of a
National Committee of opposite monetary
faith and purpose, the committee decided
to continue the existence of the conference
committee, with Senator Jones as chair
man.
Several of the leaders spoke in favor of
enlarging the scope and usefulness of the
whole committee by making it a perma
nent convention organization, with the
title of caucus, to which all silver dele
gates will be eligible to come. This propo
sition met with unanimous favor, and
Senator Harris of Tennessee was chosen
chairman of the committee. The meeting
adjourned to Friday night or earlier at the
call of the chairman.
Among the newly arrived silver dele
gates who attended the meeting were ex-
Senator Patrick Walsh of Augusta and
Evan P. Howell of Atlanta, both of whom
are delegates at large from their State.
The Boies and Bland representatives from
lowa and Missouri, who are delegates, also
attended.
Governor Altgeld, who has been a tire
less and conspicuous worker in the silver
cause since the delegates began to arrive,
felt physically unequal to the task of keep
ing up the work, with next week's pro
gramme in prospect, and left for his offi
cial home in Springfield to-night. He will
return Sunday to renew the battle.
Immediately after the meeting Senator
CocKrell of Missouri was brought to his
room and introduced by Senator Jones.
The Governor appeared glad to meet the
Missouri Senator and the three went into
conference behind double-locked doors.
The Bland campaign managers, who were
waiting in the rotunda for something/
talked a3 though it was a certainty that
the forty-eight Illinois votes would be
case for Mr. Bland on the tirst ballot.
They accepted the conference with Sena
tor Cockrell as a favorable sign. There
has been no sign o! a Boies representa
tive being closeted with Governor Altgeld
in his private room.
Among the gold members of the Na
tional Committee who are being talked
about in a way which indicates their re
tirement in favor of the ruling element
are Messrs. Cable of Illinois, Sheerin of
Indiana, Prather of Missouri and Richard
son of lowa.
Senator Benjamin F. Tillman of South
Carolina, who is a delegate at large, ar
rived this evening with D. H. Tompkins
of the same State and registered at the
Sherman House. The fighting statesman
announced his intention of entering into
the thick of the tight to smother the gold
men in the convention at every stage, but
did not commit himself as to the candi
date of his choice.
Boles Is Reticent.
WATERLOO, lowa, July I.— Governor
Boies' attention was called this evening to
HARRIET BEECHER STOWE, AUTHOR OF "UNCLE TOM'S
CABIN," WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
the report that Governor Altgeld and Gov
ernor Stone had been in consultation
relative to casting the Illinois vote in the
National Convention for Bland. He ex
pressed some surprise at the report, but
said he knew nothing about it. It might
be true, but he had received no informa
tion on the subject. He did not care to
talk about the situation and did not say
what, in his opinion, would be the effect
of such combination.
Governor Boies says he is in receipt of
letters from every State in the Union in
dorsing his position on the silver question.
The letters from the Eastern States refer
principally to silver, while those from the
South and West nearly all contain refer
ence to his candidacy.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TELLER OR
NO FUSION,
Populists Want None of
Boies or Bland or
Matthews.
WOULD SHARE PARTY
SPOILS.
Taubeneck Says They'll Meet
Democrats Half Way, but
no Farther.
UTTEES A TIMELY WARNING
TO DELEGATES.
The Chicago Nominee Must Be a Man
on Whom Silver Forces Can
Unite.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., July L— Chairman
Taubeneck of the People's Party National
Committee, when seen this morning re
garding a published statement that Mr.
Bland would be acceptable to the Populists
if the Democrats nominated him for Presi
dent at Chicago, said to a United Press
representative:
"I made no such statement, nor will the
People's party indorse Mr. Bland if he is
nominated at the Chicago Convention.
The People's party has more voters who
will stand up and be counted for free
silver than any other party in existence.
The People's party is the only party which
has honestly contended for the remonetiz
ation of silver at 16 to 1, and it is the only
party in existence whose members are
united for this demand. The People's
party, for the sake of a union of all the
silver forces at the polls in the coming
campaign, will meet other .silver elements
half way, but no farther will we surrender
our organization or individuality.
"If the Democrats cannot meet us half
way on a man like Senator Teller, then
that party is responsible for a division of
the silver forces in the coming campaign."
TELLER AND NONE OTHER
Dr. Taylor Declares That the Popu-«
lists Will Not Indorse a
Democrat.
CHICAGO,ILL.,JuIy L— Dr. H. S. Taylor,
the Populist leader of Chicago and the
Illinois National Comiuitteeman, made the
declaration to-day that the National Con*
vention of his party in St. Louis would
under no consideration indorse Biand,
Boies, or any other Democrat for President.
"We will keep in th 6 middle of the road
in naming our candidate," he said. "Any
man the Democrats may name, who has
always belonged to tnat party, will not be
supported by us. Teller is the only man
we will indorse. In the Western States
there is no Democratic party now."
Clough for Governor.
ST. PAUL, Minx., July I.— The friends
of David M. Clough had everything their
own way in to-day's Republican State
Convention. The platform indorses that
adopted at St. Louis, recognizes the rights
of the laboring man, expresses itself in
favor of good roads and favors the taxa
tion of unused railroad lands.
David M. Clough was nominated for
Governor; John L. Gibbs, Lieutenant-
Governor, and Albert Berg, Secretary of
State; Andrew T. Koerner, Treasurer, and
Henry W. Childs, the incumbent, for
State's Attorney. T. A. Bixby will re
main at the head of the State Central
Committee.
Senator Hill's Movement*.
ALBANY, N. V., July I.— SenatorDavid
B. Hill, who heads the delegation from
this State to the Democratic National Con
vention, will leave here for Chicago to
morrow night via the New York Central
and Michigan Central roads.2
WISE LEADS A
BOLT TO GOLD,
California Delegates Not
in Accord as to
Silver.
UNIT RULE PUT ASIDE.
The Secretary Declares That He
Will Vote for Whitney
or Stevenson.
WHITE AND FOOTE ALARMED.
Engaged in a Mighty Struggle to
Keep Their Following ia
Line.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. July I.— The
California delegation to the Chicago Con
vention reached Sacramento with a big
split in its silver-unit rule, and with
Hon. W. W. Foote Takes a Pleasant
View ot the Sitnation
Various cracks and flaws radiating in dif
ferent directions.
Harry E. Wise, secretary of th*» delega
tion and one of the delegates from the
Fifth District, boldly jumped the silver
traces before the lights of Suisnn had been
left behind. He declared to The Call
representative thtt he was not going to
Cnicaeo to follow any political fantasies
nor to support any platform plank that
carried any suggestion of Populism or
anarchism.
Up to 10 o'clock to-night none other of
the poldbugs in tne delegation had inti
mated that they were ready to repudiate
the action of the State Convention as not
binding on them, bat cold men are there,
and the air about the California delegation
has in it a vague premonition that there is
■omething the matter with the silver unit
rule.
Foote, White, Maguire and other silver
men are plainly alarmed at the prospect
that California may not cast eighteen
Totes solidly for the 16-to-l and no consent
plank, and they are already watching,
talking and urging in a rnignty effort to
keep California Democracy in the silver
column. Whether or not they will suc
ceed promises to remain doubtful until
the vote on toe platform in the conven
tion.
Harry "Wise is evidently the member of
the delezation most inclined to help save
the Nation from disaster, and he will lead
any bolt to sound money that may occur.
Harry's father, as collector of the port,
brings administration influence very
closely and safely to Harry's mind, and
the presence of strong influences of th«
administration is evidenced on the train
that speeds to Chicago.
Everybody has heard about lots of tele
grama from Whitney and others in the
East to members of the delegation who
are known to be personally sound money
men, but nobody displays any of the said
telegrams or confesses to the receipt of
any. The talking of Harry Wise on the
money question and on his conscience
may interest in view of this sitnation.
Harry is a gay boy and a jolly good fel
low, but be talks politics well.
"My position is like this," he explained,
with one foot on the opposite cushion.
"I believe in supporting principles con
ducive to the best interests ft the coun
try. I stand for the highest interests of
the country rather than for any political
opportunity of the party. I will not vote
for any piank in the platform which, in
my opinion, antagonize 8 the Dusiness in
terests of the country. I am a merchant
with large business interests and I go to
Chicago to vote, not as a politician, but as
a business man with nothing to seek po
litically. Tne solid men of my district
have sent me to Chicago to use my judg
ment and not to follow political fantasies.
I am a bimetallism but not a silver crank.
I am a Democrat and not an opportunist.
"There are many in the delegation Who
don't believe in silver who will vote for
silver because that was the dictum of the
State convention, but this delegation is
cot pledged to any candidate and the con
servative men in this delegation will not
give their vot«s to any man who would in
any way injure the Dusiness interests of
the country. lam for Whitney first ana
for Stevenson if Whitney is not presented.
I have known Mr. Whitney personally for
t-everal years. H.s wife's cousin was a
roommate and classmate of mine. I ad
mire Mr. Whitney and I have served no
tice on the delegation that 1 am for him."
Harry Wi?e, by the way, is one of the
Democrats we can bump upapainst almost
.any hour who are out for protection.
Harry has had considerable woolly experi
ence and he declared for protection for
wool.
"I am going to insist at Chicago that
the party declare for a revenue tariff, in
view of the deficiency in the revenues,"
he sai 1. in further elucidation of bis Chi
cago programme. "I want to see a tariff
on all raw and manufactured wool. Wool
has suffered from the depression more
than any other raw material, l was for
free wool for many years, but I've got
sick of it."
All around, Harry Wise is a very im
portant and promising member of the
California delegation. Mr. Wise has ap
parently not talked with quite as much
frankness to W. W. Foote, who is one of
the several who are claiming that John H.
Wise gave his son into their especial care,
i As to the rest of the delegation, they ap
pear to realize only the danger and not
the promise of what Harry declared to
The Call.
"I think that this thing of district dele
gates not being bound by the unit rule on
the silver question is just talk." said Mr.
Foote. "They can't break away and will
not be permitted to do it. If any of them
try it—"
Focte stopped without declaring what
would happen or how it would be done,
but he looked very severe and ready to
swear.
"How about this, White?" he called, as
the Senator came along.
"I certainly regard the whoie delegation
as bound to support a straight free-silver
plank, in accordance with the resolution
of the State convention, and 1 assume
that nobody will do anything else," said
the Senator.
"Whitney is not going to come around
asking people to break pledges," said
Foote.
"The California delegation will certainly
be bound by the unit rule on the silver
plank," declared Judge Maguire. "The
district conventions were constituent parts
of the State convention and none of them
disavowed the action of the general body.
A delegate who should now repudiate the
State platform would probably be obliged
to spend the rest of his public life explain
ing bis action."
The stalwarts will whip Harry Wise
into the traces if they can.
This delegation, as it speeds to one of
the most important political conventions
of American history, is contrasted by the
smallness of the crowd wit Ji the ones that
whooped their way to Chicago in 1892 and
to St. Louis in 1588, wli^n there was nearer
a hundred Californians along instead of
twenty-five or thirty all told. It keeps up
the regulation amount of California bospi
.tality, however, and what is left of 400
cases when Chicago is reached will be
dispensed at the tine headquarters at the
Great Northern. The Auditorium people
had the Californians four years ago at
$100 a day for neadquarters. Harry Wise
telegrapned for the same rooms this year
and the price quoted was "two hundred."
There may be nothing personal about that,
though.
By" the irony of railroad chances the
silver delegation travels in the car "El
Oro" and by the irony of something else
the banner on its inside reads, "Democ
racy and Prosperity."
"We've had fouryears of that," observed
a long-whiskered fellow at the Oakland
mole.
In the dining car at 7 p. m. there sat at
two adjoining tabier. Messrs. Foote. White,
Maguire and Coleman, and this recalled
the fact that four years ago Foote, White,
and Coleman were also delegates-at-lar>;e,
the fourth being A. B. Butler of Fresno.
"As far as Mr. Foote and I are con
cerned the delegation compares very
favorably with that of four years ago," re
marked Steve White, who has already be
come the chief story teller of the crowd.
And speaking of that dinner by the way :
there sat opposite to Mr. Foote at his
table another one of those ordinary busi
ness men and life-long Democrats, who let
it be known that he was going to vote for
protection and sound money this year.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminetti is on the
train, and at 7:30 p.m. he was elected a
delegate from the Second District, neither
Hon. W. D. English and His Badge and
Baggage.
Delegate Rector nor bis alternate being
able to go. Thomas E. Lane and Cami
netti thus represent the Second District,
Lane, the wealthy young miner, is figur
ing on h<fw to get a big supply of fire
works for the Fourth.
Caminetti started on the trip just to see
the convention and to help work for the
adoption of an anti-funding Dlanfc in the
i National platform. Caminetti was chair
! man of the sub-committee of the platform
j committee which prepared the anti-fund
i inn plank of the State Convention, and bis
wide acquaintance with those who will
gather at Chicago led Maguire and others
to urge Caminetti to go along.
Judee Maguire, who will be one of The
I Call's special correspondents at Chicago,
I wears a silver button, a Bland button,
j three bad (res, a straw hat and a good
■ natured smi'e.
Delegate Ed E. Leake is now in the East.
W. R. Bourke and W. L. Bransford will
, join the delegation in Nevadu, and Dele
gate T. B. Dozier wJil follow on to-day's
train.
The delegates and alternates not already
mentioned who are on the train are:
James V. Coleman. Robert Fitzgerald, J.
j J. Dwyer. Louis Metiger, Dr. D. r, Ratran,
George E. Church, Oscar A. Irippert, W.
;B. Wilsuire, T. F. Darmody. Very few
have taken members of their families
along.
"Billy" Rice, the Union Pacific hustler,
and Al Murpny of the Examiner are
among the few outside of the delegation
who are with the party.
Five other delegations will be picked up
jen route. One of the contesting Nevada
| delegations will get on to-morrow and at
Ogden and Denver the Caiifornian3 will
j see the delegations from Oregon, Montana,
: Utah and Colorado.
The delegation expects to caucus to
j morrow and it may possibly elect a chair
| man then. There is naturally not yet
much of a general consensus of 'opinion as
to the result of a getting together. Presi
dential candidates are all open questions.
It does not seem likely that the California
vote can be thrown in a bunch for any
body, but an effort wijl be made to work
up an agreement to establish ttie unit rule
and make the California vote effective.
"The individual preferences of tue dele
gates." said Maguire to-night, "seem to be
pretty evenly divided among the leading
candidates. lam inclined to favor Bland,
though I strongly favor Stevenson. I
know both men well, but I am not in
clined to let mere personal sentiments
j control my choice."
Senator ' White has no definite prefer
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
ences, and, in fact, like everybody else, is
at sea regarding the convention.
"Personally I don't think I will favor
abolishing the unit rule," he said in the
course o. a talk. "I don't think it will be
necessary to take drastic steps like that.
The silver men will rule, and nobody can
guess who will be nominated."
~ J. J. Dwyer thinks that Whitney 'will
come pretty near running things at Chi
cago. "1 think that t c platform will de
clare for silver,'' said Dwyer, "and that
the one man w o will have most to say
about the nomination will be Whitney. 1
anticipate that tbe gold votes will be put
into his hands, and that at a critical time
he will throw them to the least objection
able of the silver or compromise candi
dates. Pennsylvania, New York and
Massachusetts are close together on the
rollcall, and be could easily throw those
votes at a critical time and create a
stampede.
"Bland is the most talked about here,
but he is a one-idea man and I don't think
he is a winner. The California delegation
will undoubtedly stand by its instructions
and vote solidly for silver at 16 to 1 to the
last ditch. That will be my course."
When the train reached Sacramento, at
10:30 o'clock, the Sacramento Iroquois
Club, several hundred citizens, a brass
band and much hurrah greeted the dele
gates. The big guns ot the delegation
oegan their two-minute speechmaking
from the car steps, and did quite we'l.
The crowd howled for White and White
told an eloquent silver story in a few
words. "As we co along we will convince
Mr. Hanna and his friends that the silver
question is something of an issue after
all." said the Senator.
Foote announced with vigor of lung that
the delegation was on its way to name the
next President of the United States. He
tried to commit Harry Wise to silver, too.
"I want you to watch this California
delegation,' 1 he said, "and you will see
that every pledge we are bound by is ful
filled to the letter. I believe that you will
see eighteen solid rotes for everything
that we were pledged to two weeks ago."
Magnire talked silver and the Demo
cratic chance for a grand victory, and his
belief that the National Convention would
not adopt any straddle planks intended to
fool people.
James V. Coleman told his fellow-
Democrats that the silver agitation was
not a Populnt or anarchistic move, and
wnen his share of the cheering was done
Church of Fresno had bis say.
Then the California delegation rolled
on in the night toward the sagebrush,
with its path as dark and uncertain as the
one across the river on tbe boundary of
Yolo County. J. O. Denny.
AT OAKLAND MOLE.
Loyal Democrats Speed Delegates
on Their Way With Cheers
and Good Wishes.
Iroquois braves, a hundred strong, made
the old Piedmont shake on her 5:30 trip
last evening with the Democratic hilarity
and jubilation she carried. From the time
the boat left the slip to the time it tied up
at the Mole a continuous round of cheer 9
for the delegates to Chicago was kept uo.
James V. Coleman and Louis Metzger, the
idols of the Iroquois, and also Congress
man Maguire, came in for a generous share
of the plaudits.
During the half hour before the train
pulled out general jubilation was held at
the pier. Bob Allen and his band impreg
nated the zephyrs with tbe sweet strains
of "The Bully," '"Mah Angeline" and
"He's a Jolly Good Fellow." Fred Raabe,
irrepressibiy hilarious, acted as drum
major and manipulated his cane as a baton
with an agility that would make a pro
fessional envious. Now and again in his
enthusiasm he would commence to dance,
executing wonderful serpentine gyrations
with bewildering rapidity. In his tcrpsi
chorean efforts he was ably seconded by
S. V. Merle and Max Popper.
The 6 o'clock boat took another large
crowd of Democrats across the bay. Sen
ator White, ex-Congiessman Caminetti,
Registrar Hinton and ex-Sheriff McDade
were conspicuous among the throng. Long
John Wilkins was down at the ferry, not
to go with the delegation as he haa so
often gone of yore, but merely to see his
old friends off. "Going?" he demanded,
"well I guess not. I'm a Republican, sir.
I was a Democrat before you were born,
but John Wilkins votes the Republican
ticket this year. I'm tired of being a lick
spittle for the Democratic party, and
that's the reason why."
On the other side the crowd pressed
about the delegates to shak<j hands and
say good-by. The cheers and music kept
up a continuous din. The delegates, with
neat badges of purple and gold, over which
hung the S:ate seal in silver and a silver
bear, stood on the platforms of the cars or
uttered their adieus from their windows.
Louis Metzser was led up and down the
depot arm in arm with Fred Raabe fol
lowed by the band. Then all adjourned
to the car where a generous supply of Cali
fornia wine had been stored to help the
delegates across the desert, and healths
were drunk profusely.
As the long train finally pulled out the
band struck up "The Girl I Left Behind
Me," and many a loyal Iroquois brave
turned his face homeward and sighed a
disappointed sigh that he was not one of
the jolly party already speeding eastward.
Among those who helped to start the
delegates on their journey to Chicago
Senator Whit* Thinking About tho
coming Conflict Between Gold and
Silver.
yesterday were President Gildeaof the
Iroquois Club, James H. OBrien, Law
rence J. Welch, J. J. Dwypr. P. J. Thomas,
G. D. Pratt, August Keller, Deputy
Assessor Miesegae«, J. J. Heenan, Bob
Allen, ex-Senator Murphy and others.
Thr Santa i'e'm Earnings.
CHICAGO, 111., July I.— The gross
earnings of the Panta Fe Railway system
for May were $2,269,910. a decrease of $131,
-170 compared with May. 1895. The net
earnings increased $92,756 for the same
period and $455 800 for the eleven months
ending May, 1896.
STRIVING TO BE
SILVER'S MOSES,
Many Candidates Toil and
Perspire in Torrid
Chicago.
WHITE'S BOOM GAINING*
The Californian Liked by a Large
Following for Second
Place.
STEVENSON A DARK HORSE.
Would Make a Formidable Candidate
Against the Fres Silver
Champions
Thb Call's Heapqvarters, )
The ArDiTOBirM, >
Chicago, 111., July 1.)
The first day of midsummer is savagely
hot in Chicago. You could almost boil an
egg in the lake. The effect of the heat on
the delegates from the Rocky Mountain
and Pacific States is especially distressing,
Yet there is great activity in Democratic
circles and interest in the coming conven
tion increases with each passing day.
About the hotel corridors, at the head
quarters of the different candidates and
the clubrooms of different party organiza
tions great nwarms of excited men are
seen.
The campaign for the Democratic Presi
dential nomination before the convention
of 1596 is indeed in full blast. There was,
however, no particular change in the situ
ation to-day. The silver men are busy
counting up their majority. They are
well organized and fully equipped to meet
the enemy, and believe they will bare lit
tle difficulty in gaining the victory. The
gold forces, on the other hand, are equally
determined, and when Whitney gets here
to-morrow the fur will begin to fly in sev
eral directions.
Bland seems to be still in the lead for
the Presidential nomination, with Boies a
close second. Matthews will control his
o.vn delegation, but is not likely to gain
much strength outside of Indiana. Black
burn is spoken of quite frequently, and
White of California seems to be considered
with some favor, especially for second
place on the ticket. With a Southern man
at the head of the ticket the second place
will probably go to the far East or the far
West. Tbe South and West, however, now
that they realize their absolute power, are
not unwilling to accept the whole bakery.
Bland's boom received an impetus to
day when it was discovered that Governor
Stone of Missouri was making love to Gov
ernor Altgeld of Illinois, and that old
time invitation that tbe Governor of North
Carolina extended to the Governor of
South Carolina-frequently passed between
tbi chief exe«u«v«s who are struggling so
hard to control the destinies of the ap
proaching convention and through It the
National Democracy.
While these two leaders of the "un
washed Democracy" are hobnobbing to
gether, drinking mint juleps aud flirting
with the unsophisticated delegate from
the interior, another little Presidential
boom flew in that they nothing about
until late in the day. It bad
wings, but they seemed to be clipped.
It was centered about the person of Vice-
President Adlai E. Stevenson, who arrived
from Blooraington, 111., to-day and en
gaged a room at the Palmer House. Mr.
Stevenson has thus far taken no p*|t in
tbe silver controversy, and is looked upon
as a dark nor-e. He is in training for the
race and awaits the tap of the bell. It is
known that Stevenson bas a Jarge follow
ing in the South, and should tbe Illinois
delegation support him he would make a
formidable candidate against the free sil
ver philosophers who are now so enthusi
astically mentioned in connection with tbe
presidential nomination.
The Vice-Presideat received me cor
dially, and so nicely did he refuse to dis
cuss the great principles of last year's
Democracy that I did not press him forau
opinion.
The arrival of Chairman Harrity of the
National Committee did not create a rip
ple of interest. The silver men believe
that they could get along just as well
without him, and as far as they are con
cerned he might as well remain at home.
Harrity is a persona non grata to the sil
ver wing of the National Democracy, and
should he insist on forcing upon them a
gold man for temporary chairman they
will probably take the affairs of th-3 con
vention into their own hands.
The National Reform party, which was
organized a year ago by Professor William
J. Seelye of Wooster University, Ohio, has
opened up headquarters here, and will
make a fight to have its platform indorsed
by the Chicago convention. Among other
things, the preamble declares for the equal
coinage of silver and gold at 16 to 1; the
abolition of the liquor traffic; restriction
of immigration; equal suffrage regardless
of sex, with a reasonable educational
qualification ; an adequate protective tariii ;
settlement of international disputes by
arbitration; suppression of all organized
trusts; postal savings banks, and election
of United States Senators by direct vote of
the people. All these provisions and more
of a like character the managers of the new
party are anxious to shoulder on the old
line Democrats of the country.
Frank McGcirx.
IN CHICAGO LOBBIES.
Expressions From Delegates on the
Issues Before the Democratic
Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., July L— W. H. Wnite
of Seattle, a delegate from the State
of Washington to the National Dem
ocratic Convention, arrived at the
Sherman House this morning. He puts
a different complexion on the Washing
ton delegation as regards the financial
question tnat has been painted by Hugh
Wallace. It will be remembered that Mr.
Wallace gave out a statement a few days
ago declaring that the Washington dele
gation was solid for gold; in fact he baa
ail along been making a hard fight for the
yellow metal. After his conference with
Mr. Whitney at New York last week be
came directly to Chicago, opened up head
quarters at the Auditorium and began
skirmishing for votes to elect himself tem
porary chairman of the National Con
vention.
"It would be a crime to make Wallace
temporary chairman," said Mr. White to
me to-ciay, "because he is a violent and
unreasonable enemy oi silver, and to his
own delegation would be the most objec
tionable of any man who has been men
tioned for the place. Wallace has not
been in the State of Washington for sev
erai months and we have very little use for
him out there since be has spent his time
traveling about the East crying down the
chief interests of the State. If the silver
men control tbe National Convention, and
lam told that ttiey have at least two
thirds majority already, Wallace will never
go back into the National Committee. He
is a Cleveland man, and as such is entitled
to no consideration. The iact is Wallace
is nere as a delegate through the courtesy
of the Democrats of Washington, and
mark me the delegation will certainly
turn him down. We are not particular
who is made temporary chairman of the
National Committee, but we want to see a
statesman there, and not an inexperienced
man like Wallace.
"Wal'ace has been misrepresenting the
sentiment of the Democracy of Washing
ton. He has stated that the eight dele
gates from that State were for gold, while
the fact is that we adopted a silver plat
form at our convention, and five of the
delegates are out-and-out silver men, and
we have hopes of winning over to our side
one of the other three gold men. I be
lieve that I am safe in saying that S5 per
cent of Washington people are for silver,
and with the right man and a silver plat
form we can carry the State by 10,000 ma
jority. Yet, in contradiction of these
facts, Wallace tells the people of the East
that we are all gold bugs.
"Wallace would never iiave been sent to
Chicago if it had not been to prevent a
fight A few Federal officials got into the
State convention, and rather than have a
fight burden the party with personal
hatred and factional bitterness we agreed
to let him come on to the convention as a
delegate at large."
Mr. White is a strong Bland man, and
broke bread with the Missouri delegation
at its headquarters to-day.
Major Towles of Missouri, secretary of
the Democratic Bimetallic Committee,
gave me an audience to-day. He is one of
the most interesting and striking person
alities in the silver Democracy. Though
somewhat advanced in years he is very
active, and takes the keenest interest in
the campaign now before the country. He
is a student of men and measures, and is
acquainted with all the public men who
have figured before the country for the
last quarter of a century. He has been
chief cierk of the House of Representatives
since 1875, and therefore had a good op
portunity to measure tbe worth of the
country's National legislators. He was
secretary of the Democratic National
Campaign Committee of 1890 ana 1891,
which made such a hard fight on the Reed l
Congress, and with great pride he telis the
story of the 149 majority the Democrats
had in the Fifty-second Congress.
"If I were to write the Democratic plat
form of 1896," said Major Towles to me, in
discussing the situation here, "I would in
corporate a silver plank providing for the
free coinage of silver at 16 to 1 and attach
Jefferson's inaugural address as a pream
ble to the document, that it might inspire
the Democracy of the Nation. Will we
carry the convention? There is no ques- |
tion about it, my boy; we can alreacy
mark 630 delegates to our credit. That is
more than a two-thirds majority.
"We will treat the gold men respect
fully. Wa will make any reasonable con
cessions to them in the matter of selecting
a temporary chairman; but we are deter
mined that no individualities, personali
ties or sectional differences snail thwart
the will of the people in this great gather- {
ing. The silver Democrats are clearly in I
confc-01. We will dictate the platform,
and after that is accomplished we will
look about for a fellow to stand on it.
"Personally, lam for Bland. I regard j
him as the logical candidate. He can j
carry the South and the West without ■
difficulty, and will make a big haul for the
East. And we will make a big hele in
Major McKinley's majority in the East.
In case we cannot have Bland, I f.m wiil
ing to stand by any other candidate the j
convention may agree upon, whether he
come from Maine, from any other Eastern j
State, from the Mississippi Valley or from I
California."
"California will present the name of
Stephen M. White," I remarked.
"We could not decide upon a better
man," replied Major Towlts, with great
Continued on ITifrd Pojje.
NEW TO-DAY.
£0 Jl|||
$7.80 takes the balance of any one of the
broken lots we have been selling for
$20, $17.50, $15, $12.50 and $10.
Such unheard-of values you never received before.
This is an extraordinary «ffl» *%
event, and simply another /'tv^N ritfrflfafri /fi£s7\
demonstration of our un- / J ]M mv "°1" \
questioned supremac}'- over \ . ffj| Er ' A/
the entire clothing market. >5 1 C^^§3 i• & •
Money back if } t ou want * J
Open Friday night until ~^\ 111" a^l|li^!> T -^i'
10 o'clock. . *** -f *"^ *
'^^^^^^^^
|_Quajily fells- TAILORS Price sells"
MARKET £j£fa\ ST^cT^
Only Branch in S. F M 211 Montgomery St., opposite Mills Bonding.
CHRISTIAN CLANS
VISIT M'KINLEY.
Endeavorers Entertained at
the Nominee's Home
in Canton.
MARCH IN BATTALIONS.
Three Thousand Young Men and
Women Invade His
Dooryard.
TRIBUTE OF GLASS-WOKKERS.
Laborers From Massiilon Factories
Call to Pledge Their
Support.
CANTON, Ohio, July I.— This has been
one of Major McKinley's busiest days. In
addition to the work of meeting delega
tions and receiving callers this morning
he had a long talk with Mr. Hobart. This
afternoon 500 glass-workers came from
Massilion. Many of them were Demo
crats, but announced that they would vole
for McKinley. In response to a speech
by their spokesruan Major McKinley made
a short address on the subject of the tariff
and its advantages, one of which was that
we had secured the first rank in the manu
facture of glass in this country.
The picturesque and unique event of the
campaign was the visit of 3000 delegates to
the State convention of Christian Endeav
orers, now in session. Bhortly after 4
o'clock, this army of men and women
marched to the McKinley residence in two
great battalions. As many as could find
standing room in the spacious grounds
crowded in and formed a dense mass.
Those iv tbe rear filled the street on
the sides for the distance of a block in
either direction. It was an impressive
scene.
Wh en Major McKinley appeared he was
greeted with cheers and the Chautauqua
salute. He spoke in part as follows :
Free Governments hare uniformly recog
nized their dependence upon a higher power,
and have taken steps to the promotion of
morality and the diffusion of knowledge
among their citizens. In the United States
this has been steadily the aim of our local and
State governments, and in the advancement
of this great work of good, the people without
respect to their denominational connection
have had an active and useful oarr. In every
charitable, broad and generous effort, I bid
you, ladies and gentlemen, godspeed, and
commend to your observation and for your ex
ample that noble policy, that true, that patri
otic devotion to morality and uplifting of
mankind which so conspicuously distinguished
the founders of this mighty country. Let us
cherish the institutions of civil and religious
liberty which they planted in the wilderness,
and continue them in all their vigor and
strength for the generations yet to come.
The Christian Endeavor hosts had not
departed before carriages drove up con
taining Hon. Richard C. Kerens and a
party of Br. Louis gentlemen and promi
nent men in political and business circles.
The St. Louis delegation left shortly be
fore 10 this evening. Uncommon interest
attaches to its visit, because it was the first
party of widely known business men and
employers of labor to call on Major Mc-
Kinley.
NEBRASKA REPUBLICANS.
Mac Coll of Dawson Nominated for
Governor on the) Fifth
Ballot.
LINCOLN, Nebb., July I.— The virtue
of perseverance was manifested to-day In
the Republican State Convention, when J.
H. Mac Coll of Dawson County, three
times a candidate for the gubernatorial
nomination, triumphed over a very strong
field, receiving the nomination on the fifth
ballot by a practically unanimous vote.
His strongest opponents were: Congress
man George D. Meiklejohn, M. L. Hay
ward, Euzene Moore, C. M. Adams and
Elijah Filley. Aside from soirited con
tests for the treasurership and auditorship,
the convention waa not exciting. The
platform on National issues is a vittual re
iteration of the St. Louis declarations— for
sound money, protection and reciprocity.
It was adopted without dissent.
It was 10:30 when Chairman Mallalieu
of the State Central Committee called the
convention to order. He announced the
selection of General George W. Collins of
Pawnee City as temporary chairman. The
selection of secretaries and the appoint
ment of committees followed.
The temporary organization was made
permanent. A ballot for the Governor
was ordered. The first ballot gave the
real strength. Mac Coll leading with 260,
Meiklejohn 206, Moora 157, Adams 154,
Hayward 116, Filley 126. the balance scat
tering. Up to the sixth ballot there was
little change. Then Filley threw his en
tire vote to Mac Coll; Douglass County
followed with its solid vote, together with
Lancaster and Nehama, other smaller
counties joining in the stampede, running
the total vote up to 612. Mac Coll was
escorted to the platform and made a brief
address.
Orlando Tefft was nominated for Lieu
tenant-Goveruor on tbe first ballot, and J.
A. Piper for Secretary of State by ac
clamation. The contest for State Auditor
was warm, ending in the selection of P. O.
Hedlund. The ticket was completed as
follows: Treasurer, E. E. Casey of Pawnee
City; Attorney-General, A. S. Churchill
of Omaha; Commissioner of Public Lands
and Buildings, H. C. Russell of Schuyler;
Superintendent of Public Instruction, H.
R. Corbett of York.
ARKANSAS REPUBLICANS.
Remmel Nominated for Governor
and the St. Louis Platform
Indorsed.
LITTLE ROCK, Abk., July I.— The Re
publican State Convention met in this city
to-day and nominated the following ticket:
For Governor, H. L. Remmel of Jackson;
Secretary of State. H. A. Reynolds of
Madison; Auditor, J. F. Mays of Wash
ington; Attorney-General, O. H. Vance.
Hot Springs; Treasurer, A. A. Tufts of
Uachita; Land Commissioner, Mark A.
Sanders of Search ; Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, Charles F. Cole of White;
Commissioner of Mines, Manufactures and
Agriculture, H. A. Duke; Chief Justice,
Jacob Trieber of Phillips; Associate Jus
tice, O. D. Scott of Miller.
The platform indorses the St Louis
platform, with protection, reciprocity and
sound money as tbe leading features.
Minnesota FrohibitionUti.
MINNEAPOLIS, Mi>.v., July I.— The
Prohibitionists of Minnesota in conven
tion to-day nominated the following State
ticket: Governor, William J. Dean of
Minneapolis; Lieutenant-Governor, Ole
LoKensgaard of Minneapolis; Treasurer,
F. V. Edwards of Spring Valley ; Secretary
of State, J. A. McConkey of Fergus Falls;
Attorney-General, Judge Charles E. Shan
non of JJuluth. As waa the case at Pitts
bure, the broadgauge platform was
adopted. The narrow-gauge men, how
ever, made a stubborn nghu
NEW TO-DAY.
EVERY MAN
WOMAN««>CHILD
That makes a purchase in oar establishment on
FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896,
Will receive from us, to celebrate the Glorious
-Fourth in a befitting manner, a ;
BOX OF FIREWORKS FREE!
CONSISTING OF
One package Gold Chop Fire Crackers,
One 7-ball Sky Scraper.
One Foliage Volcano Bomb (the latest nOTeltv),
One long stick of Punk,
And 01 POP ILIRPRICES Hill Prevail.
HOOT'S
Cut-Rate DrngStore
DISPENSERS OF RELIABLE DRUGS.
Sixth and Howard Sts.
REDUCED RATES
FOR — -
4th of July
-EXCURSIONS-
HATE BEEN MADE BY THE
SOUTHERN PACIFICCOMPANY
FOR
Round-Trip Tickets
BETWEEN -Ail, STATIONS ON ITB
LINES AS FOLLOWS:
ONE FARE AND A THIRD:
To Stations Distant from Selling Sta-
tion 125 Miles or Less. SOB
ONE FARE /rD A FIFTH:
To Stations Distant from Selling Sta-
tion 200 Miles o? Less, but over 125
• Miles.
ONE SINGLE FARE:
To Stations Distant from Selling Sta-
tion 300 Miles or Less, bat over 200
. miles.
Tickets eood for going trip on July 3d
and 4th.
Good for return till and including July 7.
-. Bay direct from manufacturers and save 40*.
flit YY x^s^- MMtili -
11l I A " City M * *qu»re.
. VII I #1 J. * F. KESSELEB.
■ ■HARRIET BEECHER
STOWE IS DEAD,
The Talented Authoress
Passes Peacefully
Away.
HER DEATH PAINLESS
Literary Works That Gained
for Her a World-Wide
Reputation.
STORY OF AN EVENTFUL LIFE.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin" Did a Great
Deal to Further the Emancipa
tion of Slaves.
HARTFORD, Conn., Joly L-Mrs. Har
riet Beecher Stowe, the gifted authoress of
"Uncle Tom's Cabin," "Dred," and other
works of world-wide reputation, died at
■ her home, 73 Forest street, at neon to-day
without regaining consciousness. She
passed peacefully away as though in a
deep sleep. By her bedside at the time
vrere her son. her two daughters, her mar
ried sister, her husband, Dr. Edward
Hooker, her nephew, who was also her
medical attendant, and other relatives.
Her illness was the culmination of a
mental derangement from which Mrs.
Etowe has suffered for years, tenderly
cared for by her two daughters. It is a
.long time since she has been able to do
literary work, and for the past two years
her condition has been such that the
worst might be expected at any time. Of
this however, the public has not been
generally aware.
A trained nurse has been in constant
attendance upon Mrs. Stowe. She walked
about in company with her patient
through the garden grounds every
morning.
Mrs. Stowe exhibited considerable vigor
for her years, physically, and always had
a smile for her friends. She repeated one
of her poems recently, and there have
been moments when her intellect was
still unclouded, and it was only of late
that her power of speech was affected.
She was able to guide a pjn with the as
sistance of one of her daughters not long
ago.
All in all, sha has been a physiological
marvel, as she lived in a house filled with
mementos of days when she moved
nations and people from every quarter of
the elobe paid tribute to her greatness
with souvenirs of the most precious kind.
Saturday, June 13. she was 85 years of
age. Last Friday morning her attendant,
Mrs. Arms, when she went to call her,
found that she was in a semi-conscious
condition. Her nephew, Dr. Edward B.
Hooker, and his sister, Mrs. Isabella
Beecher-Hooker, were called, and the mat
.•.r *\u? kept a secret till last night to avoid
the annoyance of inquiries that were sure
to come from all parts of the country.
The cause of Mrs. Stowe's illness was con
gestion of the brain with partial paralysis.
Harriet Beecher Stowe was born in
Litchfield, Conn., June 14, 1812. Her
father was the Rev. Dr. Lyman Beecher.
At the death of her mother Mrs. Stowe
was placed under the care of her grand
mother at Guilford, Conn.
Here, when quite a young girl, she
snowed a great interest in the ballads of
Walter Scott and the poems of Robert
Burns. The Arabian Nights also fascinated
her. When a schoolgirl of 12, she wrote a
logical essay on the theme, "Can the im
mortality of the soul be proved from the
light of nature?" Many of her father's
sermons were on the sin of slavery, and
from her earliest youth Mrs. Stowe was
taught to abhor human bondaee.
In January, 1836. she married Calvin
Ellis Stowe, a Massachusetts clergyman.
She frequently visited the Southern States,
and was thoroughly acquainted with the
slave methods in vogue there. Her book
entitled "Uncle Tom's Cabin; or. Life
Among the Lowly," created a big sensa
tion. It opened the eyes of the Northern
people and did much toward the eman
cipation of the slaves. Her best literary
effort wascalled "The Minister's Wooing.' 1
James Russell Lowell praised it very much.
Mrs. Stowe also wrote a number of other
works which have been higi.ly commended.
HO BODIES YET FOUND,
Discouraging Task of Rescuers
at the Twin Shaft
Mine.
In Constant Peril Themselves and Si
Hundred Feet From the En
tombed Men.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.-, July 1. - The
situation at the Twin shaft to-day is not
so hopeful as it was yesterday, when con
siderable progress was made down the
elope. No bodies have yet been recovered,
there have been no indications that the
bodies are near, and it is doubtful if any
will be found for days to come.
When the shift of rescuers came out this
afternoon they reported that only ten feet
had been dut; into the cave up to 3 o'clock.
This alow work is due to the fact that tae
men encountered another fall of coal this
morning.
Mine Inspector McDonald said this after
noon that the rescuers were at least 600
feet from the entombed men, and if there
was much rocK and heavy falls ahead of
them it would take a long time before they
would come on the bodies. The bore hole
which had been started through the bar
rier that separated the Clear Spring mine
from the Twin ; haft on the other side of
tl c cave was completed to-day. The hole
is only an inch or two in diameter, and
was put through the 100 feet of coal to find
whether there was water or gas in the
mine.
As soon as the drill was drawn no water
came through, and there is very little gas
from the mine.
A consultation was held by the officials
today, and it was decided not to tunnel
from the Clear Spring mine, for the reason
that it is at least 2500 feet from the pillar
at which the men are supposed to be, and
it is onlv6oo feet from where the rescuers
arp now at work on the other side of the
fall. The work of rescue will be prose
cuted through the slope.
r^.r^:r\r^ J vw^ JJ^JoUn,.^.-'.-^rr^l:-. jJ^r^SjJ^^ X-V^-g-y - I - '- "' ]' /. ...j'... ,™~^^^. 11 1 J MEWTO-DAT. JJ J. ''. . . ,V". I_i'} .\ ''''' " ' ' ,-■-:•- * ■
Fourth
of July
With Us,
Boys !
FIREWORKS FREE
with every purciiase in
our Juvenile Suit De-
partment.
Remember, a box of
Assorted Fireworks at
our expense.
STRIVING TO BE
SILVER'S MOSES
Continued from Second Page.
earnestness. "His name was on my lips.
I regard him as one of the ablest of our
National lawmakers, and along with James
G. Maguire, California is ably represented
in the Congressional nails of the Nation.
Either of these men would be acceptable
to me, and I think the convention would ;
make no mistake in nominating either of !
them.
"I believe I am competent to 'size up'
a really big man when I see him in the
House or Senate at Washington, and let
me tell you, young man, it takes a big
man to make an impression in Congress.
A lightweight may come there, make a
speech, be listened to with some attention
and the next day be forgotten, but the
man of brains who is there for a purpose,
who sympathizes- w>t:~i the people, who
works and votes in tneir interests-*a man
of knowledge, character and conviction —
compels the American parliament to listen
to him and to be influenced by his
counsel."
Captain Evan?, chairman of the lowa
delegation, is confident that Boies will be
nominated. He adds that in case the
Governor becomes the candidate he will
carry lowa by 25,000 majority despite the
fact that the State has long been a Repub
lican stronghold. He does not think that
the action of the trades unions in prepar
ing a labor petition in opposition to
the candidacy of Boies will influence
the convention one way or the other.
Governor Altceld's anarchistic following,
however, believes otherwise. It is be
lieved that ttlis movement is one of Alt
geld's to beat the lowa statesman out of
the nomination. The enmity of the former
toward Boies is attributed to the fact that
the lowan made a speech in which he up
held the position of President Cleveland
in sending Federal troops to Chicago dur
ing the great railroad strike. Altgeld is
making all he possibly can out of this in
cident.
"I do not think," said Captain Evans,
"that Governor Altgeld will op<:nly fight
Governor Boies for the Presidential nomi- !
nation. They have always been good
friends, and I do not see why they should
not continue to be. Governor Boies has
always been friendly to labor, and that
that element should want to defeat
him for the nomination seems to be
very unreasonable. The delegates irom
lowa feel that Governor Boies will
be nominated, but in case he is not
chosen by the convention the ticket will
be loyally supported In our State, regard
less of the man who is at its head. We
are feeling very hopeful, but are doing no
loud shouting for our candidate just yet.
The thousands who will pour into the city
irom lowa on Monday and Tuesday will
do all the 'rooting,' as they say here in
Chicago, that will be required. The South
will be solid for the ticket."
"With the possible exception of Mary
land," suggested a delegate from Missouri.
"Yes, and Delaware is a little doubtful,"
observed a second.
"And there are some doubts about West
Virginia, don't you think, Captain?" in
quired a tall southerner.
Captain Evans admitted that these
States were probably a little shaky from a
Democratic standpoint. In fact, he made
a number of concessions to the Republi
cans, and as 1 arose to leave the room a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
OFF f T3g:E'g:*XjXj GrO.
•A. thousand _^^y
pretty Reefer | \\ 'TjpgfY'
Suits, in ' blues h\ff i* S
and ' nobby ; - \il
Spring color- >wV
ings ; j aunty, /y\J>/\
with wide braid /- r^*-k ;
on collar. Also, A r C^
500 very pretty f^ * •-- \-
and dur abl e\ - m
Tweed Suits, in . \i 1 * *CZ
double-breasted _,
style. all color- - -V - r iW
ings, ! including ' '" \ \I VT
Blue Cheviots; \ K\[
stylish, up -to- LJWJ
date clothes, you j^ s |w
know, to cclc- M «
br ate the Fourth; . fB
in. Great Jubi- M R
lee Special, at J&k 1\
r 52.50. *^ %
OFF THBT'IjIj GO.
/nn Ort ' Grouser Boys — About
400 Suits, representing small
lines, 5, 6 and 7 of a kind. They
were $8, $7 and $6 values.
They're in Double Breasted
Suits; also Reefer style. They're
choice, very choice. All of the
prettiest and jauntiest colorings,
made in our own tailor shops'in
New York. They're A-A-Al.
Beginning to-day, and while
they last, for the pick,
; — $3.50---
Off They'll
Go. J2?
Long - Trouser STs*}
Boys— the ones \^-J
wearing long a£s\
trousers. Some /rVjrV?\
300 Suits in Ay^ / A
pretty colorings, I 1 C^ ■
made in single- Ass.
breasted style, I jl- •■ (
round and \zfip
straight 'cor- "A
ners. /\\ _ ,
Here's a Jubi- \
lee price, boys. \
Spend he \
Fourth at our l\
expense. \\
$3.75. /
The colorings I 1
are choice; for .kJ \
boys, ages 12 to £~^ U.
19. ■
OX'S" THEY'IjIj G-O.
i Big Boys, or rather young men,
those pretty Clay Worsteds, Rib-
bed Serge Cheviots and a world
of pretty Spring colorings ; $12
and $15 values. They're very
fashionable, tailored excellently;
we're turning 'em loose Fourth
of July week at
— $7.95 —
Kentucky Colonel observed that it was
just possible William McKinley might be
come the next President of the United
States.
J. D. Showalterof Lexington, Mo., and
a delegate from that State to the Chicago
convention, assured me to-day that there
was nothing in the story that Governor
Stone of Missouri had entered the field
as a candidate for the Presidential nomi
nation. Said he:
'•The enemies of Bland are giving cur
rency to the yarn about Stone being a
candidate. Why, Governor Stone has al
ways been a consistent Bland man. They
would like to see him oppose Bland, how
ever, as such a conflict would be a means
!to the end which tiiey seek. These same
| men are trying to create the impression
that Bland is a Southern man. His
brother served in the Union army, and all
the members of the Bland family are
loyal to the Union. 'Silver Dick* himself
was in California during the war, and
theretore took no part in it. Stone, of
course, is a Southern man; thus the in
consistency of these Bland men in tryng
to force Stone into the field to the detri
ment of Bland. Bland will be nominated
to spite their efforts. He above all others
typifies the platform on which the Demo
crats will go before the country. He is a
platform in himself. He is a Democrat,
and a Democrat of one idea— that all men
are created equal." Frank McGuirk.
SCHEMING FOR CONTROL.
Plans of Sliver Men to Cain the
Necessary Two-Thirds
Majority.
CHICAGO, 111., July I.— The recon
noiter to-day of the skirmish guard of the
silver forces upon the outposts of the
National Democratic committee, as
planned by its sub-committee, was vari
ously viewed by the participants after the
former had retired to its own camp. Ac
cording to Chairman Harrity. the visiting
delegation, composed of Senators Turpie,
Daniels, Jones and Governors Stone and
j Altgeld, simply "fenced for points." And,
according to Governor AJtgeld and Sena
tor Daniels, the fencing was entirely satis
factory to the silver side. At least one of
their colleagues, however, was inclined to
regard the outcome as a draw, with the
indications favorable to the silver men
getting tne worst of it when final conclu
sions were tried with the National com
! mittee next Monday.
The action of the Illinois delegation in
determining to lead the attack for the
abrogation of the two-thirds rule was a
fruitful topic of discussion, and during the
day it developed that Governor A ltgeld's
scheme was in danger from an unexpected
source and that Michigan rather than Illi
nois might become the pivotal State and
wield the balance of power in the conven
tion. The two delegates from the Fifth
District of that State, William F. Mc-
Knight and George P. Hummer, both
active free silverites, were among the vis
itors at headquarters and conferred at
length witb the members of the executive
committee.
The situation in the Wolverine State is
that while fourteen out of the twenty-six
delegates are silverites, the delegation is
instructed for gold and bound to that
standard by the unit rule. It is proposed,
however, to precipitate a fight
on the reform of that rule in
j advance of any action on the two
[ thirds issue. In the event of the unit rule
being declared invalid, there will be no
necessity for the substitution of a majority
vote for the two-thirds vote, for the silver
votes of the Wolverine State would give
that side the necessary nominating major
ity and one or two to epare. This was the
"MONEY
TO BURN!"
What a Little
Money Will Do.
It takes just $5 to dress you right up
in the height of fashion and you have
"money to burn" on the Fourth. Of
course, this is a special occasion, not]
occurring every day. A real fashionable
Double er Single Breasted Sack, Blue or
Black Serge Cheviot Suit, Those fancy
Oxford Twills ; also the latest, the Ha-
vana Brown Twill Serge Cheviots, clev-
erly tailored goods, sightly and dressy.
The final days at the price,
$5.00,
mr~i~— ~- — — — ——— - — — -
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED)
THE BIG STORE WITH THE TINY PRICES.
suggestion exploited by the Michigan dele
gates, but it was not received with special
enthusiasm. "
♦
GREETING TO TELLER.
Coloradans Give Noisy Approval
of His Course In Standing:
by Silver.
DENVER, Col., July 1.-Senator Henry
M. Teller could have aroused the West to
no greater demonstrations of approval
had be been a sovereign of an empire or
a President of a republic. All last night
his progress west from Omaha along the
line of the Union Pacific was marked by
noisy demonstrations at every stopping
point in NebrasKa. Bands met him with
energetic martial and patriotic airs,
I crowds cheered and demanded a speech,
j and at many places the Senator was fairly
i dragged from the train and mounted upon
j boxes, where he could be seen as he
thanked the people for their good feelings
toward him and the cause he has been
championing. It was long after midnight
before his party or any other passengers
on the train could take any comfort or
rest
At an early hour this morning the Sen
ator and his wife stepped from the train
at Greeley, where Lieutenant-Governor
Jud Brusn met him and drove the guests
to his comfortable ranch home, wbere a
quiet day was passed.
At 2:30 p. m. Receiver Trumbull's special
car, attached to a special excursion train,
left the Union depot bearing tne reception
committee, which reached Greeley at an
early hour. There Senator Teller was met
and taken under their escort. Governor
Mclntire, Mayor McMurray, I. N. Stevens,
C. S. Thomas. Irving Howbert, Alva
Adams, T. M. Patterson, J. B. Grant and
other prominent citiz<ns of all political
parties were included in this committee.
The explosion of a bomb at the Union
depot at 7:45 o'clock announced the ar
rival of the Greeley train; a second bomb
gave notice that Senator Teller was in the
carriage, and a third bomb at 8 o'clock
was the signal for the parade to move.
Ttie streets at that hour along the line of
marcb were densely crowded with enthu
siastic voters of both sexes, and Se-.iator
Teller's progress at the head of the parade
was easily marked by the roars of cheers
that rapidly rolled up Seventeenth street
and thence along a devious line of march,
formally passing in review before the
grand stand erected in front of the Brown
Palace Hotel.
Tne parade was a great affair. Many
bands were in tlie procession. Gilpin
County citizens were given the place of
honor, just behind Senator Teller's car
riage. The Colorado National Guards, the
several cadet companies and tne artillery
made up the military part of the parade.
Old pioneers came next, women marching
with men; then a great line of civic,
social, political, benevolent and trades
societies followed.
During the progress of the paraae fire
works were touched off all over the city,
and the streets resounded with the noise
of cheering and of explosives.
Arriving at the hotel, Senator Teller met
the entire delegation from St. Louis, which
had so manfully stood by his side, and ac
companied by the ladies of the party and
the reception committee, he proceeded to
the reviewing stand. His appearance
there was the signal for one mighty and
prolonged shout of welcome from a great
crusti of people who filled Broadway,
Court place and Seventeenth street for a
distance of a block in five directions from
the reviewing stand. There Governor Mc
lntire made a brief address of welcome on
behalf of the people of the Btate, and Sena
tor Teller replied. Neither address was a
set speech, but was the result of the in
spiration of the occasion.
A BRILLIANT ENDING.
We bring to a close the sale that lxas
been the talk all over this town. This
has brought the big store into more
prominence ihan anything it has done
lieretofore. but like all good things it
must Jiave an end. We can J t go on
forever selling Suits and Overcoats as
we're selling them at present, at $7.95.
THE LAST CALL
On those remarkably clever Suits at
$7.95. Those pretty English Homespuns
in light, medium and dark shades.
They were our swell Spring and Summer
$15 Suits.
THE LAST CALL
On those very swell Black Clay Worsted
Cutaways. Your tailor would charge
you $40 for 'em. They're in Cutaways
and Sachs. Last call at the price,
STRIKERS MEET DEATH.
Fatal Encounter Between Deputy
Sheriffs and Riotous
Workmen.
Ohio Militiamen Called Out to Assist
in Preserving the Peace at
Berea.
CLEVELAND, 0., July I.— The strike
at the quarries of the Cleveland Stone
Company to-day resulted in the death of
Vinton Macliurski and the fatal wounding
of John Melosky. Joseph Wanosky and
Antoine Totak sustained flesh wounds
which are not serious.
A battle between Sheriff LeeK, with
forty deputies and 200 strikers took place
at West View, three miles from Berea.
The mob had driven out the workmen.
When the Sheriff arrived he ordered the
mob to disperse. They refused and a shot
was fired at Deputy Carman. The Sheriff
then ordered his men to fire and nbout
sixty shots were exchanged, half of the
mob tied.
While the Sheriffs were fighting their
battle strikers assailed another party of
depnties at the of yesterday's riot
and put them to flight. The Sheriff early
In the afternoon asked for troops and Com
pany F of Cleveland and Company D of
Berea were called out. C. Smith, the dep
i uty whom Machurski in his ante-mortem
statement accused of tiring the fatal shot,
was arrested and brought to the Cleveland
! jail. The streets are .guarded to-night by
j deputy sheriffs and the militia. The Poles
! are wild with rage and it is feared serious
) trouble will occur to-morrow.
GENTRY AND PAPOHEN MATCHED.
They Will Pace Thr<-f Heatt for a Fun*
of $;tooo.
CHICAGO. 111., July I.— Four stake
events formed the card to-day at the Wash
ington Park meeting of the Northwestern
Breeders' Association, but none of them
was particularly interesting. Dan Q, the
winner of the Sidewheel stakes for three
year-old pacers, is a midget, standing less
than 14 hands, bu* paced the first heat in
2:11%, the fastest of the season by a three
year old.
To-morrow John R. Gentry and Joe
Patchen pace three heats for $3000. Sum
maries:
Sidewheel stakes, $1000, foals of 1894 or un
der, eligible to 2 :30 class, pacing, Daa Q won
in straight heat«, Lady Golden second, Jane
Bailey third. Best time, 2:11^.
Lakeside stakes, $3000, 2:24 class, trotting.
Baron Crisp won, Dione second, Kiodras third
Best time, 2:l2J^.
Juvenile stakes, $1000,|foals of 1894, elieible
to the 3-minute class, trotting, Directum
Kelly, b. c, by Direct-Rosa Ludwig, won, Si
mon i second, Silver Lock third. Best time
2:24%.
Caiumet stakes, $2000, 2:20 pace, Planet
won. Ambidexter second, The Jewess third
Best time, 2:15^.
DETROIT, Mich., July I.— The second
day's racing of the summer meeting of the
Gentlemen's Driving Club at Highland
Park was marked by beautiful weather, a
large crowd and some hot finishes. Sum
maries:
2:17, trotting, Piloteen won, MacDuA sec
ond. Lake Erie third. Best time, 2:145£.
2:20, pacing, Baitcimer won, Nelly X sec
ond. King Eabert third. Best time, 2:16^
-2:27. trotting, Repeat won, Naughty Clara
second, Dick Richmond third. Best time
2 :20? i.
2:17. pacing, May Bruce won. Proctor sec
ond, Nicol B third. Best time. 2 :15?£.
SH-EEPSHEAD BAY, N. V., July I.— Five
furlongs, Peep o' D.iy won, Medica second,
Juno third. Time, 1 :02.
Six furlongs, Burlesque won. Royal Rose sec
ond, Pan mure third. Time, 1:13.
One mile, Irish Reel won, Patrick second,
Jefferson third. Time, 1:41.
Five furlongs, Lithos won, Remp second,
Kodesmoud third. Time, 1 :02 2-5.
Our New Booh, "Hints From a
Big Store," telling you how to
Shop by Mail. Your name and
address and it's yours.
One mile, Gruciosa won, Bellport second, Bril
liancy third. Time, 1:44.
One and an eighth miles, Captain T won,
Doggctt second, Lansdale third. Time,
1:59 1-5.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July I.— Favorites won
the fifth and sixth races, a second pick the
second and outsiders at long odds the
third and fourth.
The second race was one of the heaviest
betting events of the season, and Tartarian
carried most of the money. Track fast;
attendance 4000.
Five furlongs. Glad Eyes won, Uncle Pat
second, Prince Lormiss third. Time, 1:04.
• Six furlongs, Sligo won, Tartarian second,
Constantino third. Time, 1:14.
Five furlongs, Horseshoe Tobacco 'won,' For
sythe second, Ivory third. Time, 1:03.
Mile ana a sixteenth. Bing Binger won, Ace
second. Jane third. Time, 1:49.
Six furlongs, Towerst won, Romance second,
Fasis third. Time, I :lsJ£.
Seven and a hali furlongs, Strathreel won,
Pel'.eas second, Harry Duke third. Time.
I :34J^. .
LA'IONIA, Ky., July I.— Six furlongs, Isabel!
won; Klsket second, Volley Fuse third. Time,
I : lsJi.
One mile, Governor Boies won. Brace Gio
second, Lucille H third. Time, 1 :43.
Five furlongs. Dr. Brown won, Oak Leaf
second, Czarowich third. Time, 1 :03^.
One mile and seventy yards, Kingston wen,
Seabrooke second, James Monroe third. Time,
I:47}£. . ,
Four furlongs, Carrie E won, Henrica second.
Spring Day third. Time, :56 l .£. .
Six furlongs, Whyota won.-^-Doorga second.
Carrie Lvle third. Time, 1:15.
PEORIA, 111., July I.— The meeting of the
Peoria Agricultural and Trotting Society
opened to-day with a good crowd and fast
track. Summaries:
2:12 pace, stake $1000, Dick Wilkes won
Starplex second, Phenol third. Time, 2:0!) ; ? i.
2:24 trot, stake $600, Charley R won, All.c
Medium second, Barnetta third. Time, 2:17^.
The 2:34 pace, purse $600. was not finished.
ON EASTERN DIANONUS.
Bcores of the Baseball Games Flayed in
the Xntianal League.
BALTIMORE, Md., July I.— The champions
bunched their hits in the fifth and sixth in
nings to-day and again defeated the New
Yorks. Score: Baltimores 6, 9, 3. New Yorks
1, 7, 1. Batteries— McMnhon and Clark,
Campfield and Farrell. Umpire— Betts.
BROOKLYN, N. V., July 1.-Philadelphia
won to-day's game because the home team
failed to solve Keener's slow delivery. In only
one inning were the Brooklyns able to make
hits, and then after two men were out. Score •
Brooklyns 2, 7, 2. Philadelphia 5, 9, 2. Bat
teries— Gumbert and Bumll, Keener and Cady.
Umpire — Uroslie.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July I.— Boston played
a miserable fielding game and the home team
batted the ball after chances had been offered
to retire ihe side. Score: Washingtons 10,14,
1; Bostons 3, 11, 4. Batteries— King and Mc-
Guire, Stivotts and Bergen. Umpire— Hurst.
CHICAGO, 111., July I.— To-day's was simply
a repetition of Tuesday's slaughter. The Colts
led to the fifth inning, when a succession of
safe drives started in. Friend deliberately
quit the game in the eighth inning and Kitt
redge made his debut as a pitcher. Score*
Chicagos 7, 14, 4; Clevelands 19. 19, 3. Bat
teries—Friend and Dailey, Wilson and
O'Connor. Umpires— Sheridan and Keefe
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July I.— The Pittsburgs took
the third straight game from the Browns to
day by hitting Donohue at proper times.
Score: St. Louis— 2. 7, 1; Pittsburg-7, 13, 2.
Batteries— Donohue and Murphy, Hurghey
and Sugden. Umpire— Lynch.
No game Louisville-Cincinnati.
YALE MEM IN PRACTICE.
The American Crrvs I'lraxea Its Coach
by Its Good Worfe.
HENLEY, Exo., July L -The Yale men
were out on the water at 11 o'clock to-day.
Clark, the coxswain, has fully recovered
from his attack of tonsilitis and was in his
place in the boat. The crew rowed up the
river and returned to the boathouse,
where they changed their new English
oars for their old American ones. They
then rowed over the last half of the
course in 3:24 at a stroke of 38.
The Leander crew rowed over the first
half in 3:21 and the full course at 7:30, at
38 stroke. Trinity Hall rowed over the
full course in 7:23. They were paced in
the last half by the second Trinity Hail
crew.
Captain Treadway, after the practice,
said that the American oars felt better in
the hands of the men than the English
ones. It has not been definitely decided
If you'll follow - the -pro-
cession you'll land at the
big store; you won't be lone-
some; you will see a crowd
there. You'll be one among
many. This great closing
out sale of ■ Spring -. and
Summer Suits at prices re-
gardless of cost ' has been
I store crolvders with us; and
how they have rushed us.
$5, $7.95 and $11 are the
great values to-day. ;. Swell
Suits for little money and
you'll have money to burn
on the Fourth.
r~~~ ■
I I /I
A Layout at
Eleven Dollars.
That's a staggerer, a stunner.
The very prettiest and dressiest
of garments in very high class
fabrics for dress-up occasions
and business wear, in swell
Overplaids, English Bradford
Clays, handsomely lined and
trimmed and tailored, exqui-
sitely. Haven't space enough to
tell you ivhat we have done for
$11; they're our $20 Suits.
Facts, you know. We only ad-
vertise facts.
Thursday and Friday at
$11.00.
9,11,13,15
Kearnj Street
as yet which of the two styles of oars the
crew will use in the race for the Grand
Challenge cup. The new sbell which the
Yale men will use in the race arrived to
day.
The Yale men were out for practice at 6
o'clock this evening and at the request of
Sir Charles Dilke. M. P., rowed over the
last half of the coarse, covering the dis
tance in 3:20, rowing 33 and 38 to the
minute. The American oars were used
and it is stated that the Yale crew will not
again use the English oars purchased for
them by Bob Cook and that the slides in
their boat will be placed in the old style.
Cook expressed himself as greatly pleased
and encouraged by the work of the crew.
♦
CA NAD A WILL RECIPKOCATE.
The Lib -ml Ministry Will Open XeffOtia
tion* With the United State:
MONTREAL, Quk., July 1. — The
London (Enp.) correspondent of the Scar
cables that he learns from sources in close
touch with the Hon. Wilfred Laurier, that
despite Mr. Laurier'a tentative acceptance
of Mr. Joseph 1 Chamberlain's zollverein
proposal, the first act of the next Canadian
Liberal Ministry ill be to send a com
mission to Washington to negotiate, a
treaty of reciprocity, and also that it will
petition the home Government for per
mission to appoint a Canadian agent at
Washington. The correspondent add*
that no one there doubts that the demand
from Canada for discrimination against
British . goods and in favor of { the United
States would give the worst possible blow
to the growing cause of imperial unity.
Triple Hanging and All Died Game.
FORT SMITH, Ark., July I.— The three
members of the Burs jran? were hanged
at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the jail
yard at this place. All died game.
NEW TO-DAT.
" J».<i-».j'i'.i.*ii";»":*v"ivaaLja . -
Quainte and Olcte*^
A secretarye of ye same manner
of makeing as used by oure fore-
fathers in ye Colonial dayes. j*
% Ye uppre parte be arranged with
shelves for ye most highly pryzed
books. . & J> ■'■'• -J- v&V:
*H. Ye glass doores are made safe
from breakyng by stronge lattyce
worke, in unique desygne. J*
it Ye deske \ part ; be large, afford-
yng ample roome ■ for puttyng
away y e entyre correspondence of
ye household. «^.. & $/.-■
l[ Ye materyal is mahoganie, en-
riched by hande carvings of y*
finest sorte. «* «2* >
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole:& Co.) ,
117-123 Geary Street.
34
GENERAL NEWS
OF THE ORIENT,
New Trans-Pacific Steam
ship Company a
Probability.
SCHAEBERLE IN JAPAN.
Russian Aggressions in Korea
Are Alarming English
Statesmen.
RED CROSS SOCIETY MEETING
Burial of Lieutenant Thurston of the
United States Cruiser
Detroit
VANCOUVER, 8.C., July 1.-The fol
lowing Oriental advices were received here
by the steamer Empress of China, which
arrived this morning:
The Nippon Yusen Kaisha, the latest
steamship company of Japan, recently de
cided to increase its capital from eight
million to ten million yen. It is proposed
to extend the existing lines and to open
new ones. Among the latter the first will
probably be across the Pacific to Puget
Sound. Mr. lwanaga was delegated by
the company to close the pending contract
with the Great Northern Railway for
Seattle to be the American terminus of the
new Trans-Pacific line. Mr. lwanaga
came over on the China, and, after trans
acting his business at Seattle, will visit
New York and the cotton districts of the
South.
Professor Schaeberle of the Lick Ob
servatory, Professor Campbell of Stanford
University and Professor Burckhalter of
Oakland, with two lay scientists, have ar
rived in Japan and are on their way
north to make arrangements for observing
the solar eclipse in August. The Japan
ese Government very courteously allowed
all their telescopes and appliances to be
landed without inspection. The Imperial
Observatory of Tokio has offered to send
one of its staff with the American party.
The Hongkong Telegraph has published
the startling telegram that Russia has in
timated to Japan that she must withdraw
from Formosa. Whether this be true or
not, it is a remarkable fact that Russia has
massed at Vladivostock a strong fleet,
100,000 men and vast stores of war ma
terial. England is recalling her inferior
war vessels from the Orient and replacing
them rith stronger ones, but nevertheless
is now spoken of as the third naval power
in the Far East, Russia being the first and
the second being left unnamed. Russia's
course is alluded to sarcastically in the
Japanese press as a splendid policy of ag
gression.
The Eastern World says Russia has
practically turned Japan out of Korea,
and publishes a long article under the
heading, "It Is Political Hypnotism, " de
claring that anything short of hypnotism
of the most powerful order absolutely fails
to explain wny all the world stands with
folded hands, and in helpless apathy
watches the development of the gigantic
plans of Russia for the dominion of the
East.
The guard of sailors at the Russian lega
tion in Korea has just been relieved by a
detachment of eighty Russian infantry.
Twenty cavalry and artillery officers en
tered the town with the infantry. It is
reported that Russia has built a fort on
Getsu-Fito Island, and that a gun is
mounted upon the Russian legation
pointed toward the Japanese consulate.
This makes the ignorant Koreans afraid
of Russia and contemptuous of Japan.
In Tokio recently the chief of the peace
preservation bureau summoned represen
tatives of the entire press to his office and
informed them that if they commented
adversely on the sale of the imperial
mine?, thereby reflecting on the imperial
household, they would be subjected to the
penalties of the press law and proceeded
against under the criminal law also.
The eighth annual meeting of the Red
Cross Society of Japan was held on Mon
day last, there being more than 10,000
visitors present. Her Majesty, the Em
press, was present with a number of court
ladies and the lord steward of her Majes
ty's household. The Empress was re
ceived by the superintendent of the so
ciety. Her Majesty expressed her great
pleasure at the distinguished part taken
by the society during the late Chino-
Japanese war. The Empress bestowed
medals on fifty-one persons before leaving
the hall.
Lieutenant Thurston of the United States
cruiser Detroit died of typhoid fever at
the American Naval Hospital at Yoko
hama, and was buried there with full
naval honors on June 10. A large party of
American bluejackets, the band of the flag
ship Oiympia and a firing squad of marines
were landed to attend the burial. The
French admiral sent his chief of staff and
a number of officers to attend the cere
mony. The American admiral, United
States Consul-General, Vice-Consul and
private citizens were also present. A larpe
number of floral tributes were sent by ship
mates and friends of the deceased. Mr.
Thurston was only 33 years of age.
J. Butler, one of the coal-passers on the
Detroit, died at the American Naval Hos
pital on June 11 and was buried with full
naval honors. His shipmates sent a
number of floral tributes to his grave.
A large number of leading Chinese mer
chants having business at Foochow have
asked the authorities for a gunboat to be
stationed on the Foochow-Formosa
route, which is infested with pirates.
Over thirty trading vessels have been
plundered and their crews murdered and
maltreated. The trouble has assumed a
serious aspect and its immediate suppres
sion is absolutely necessary.
A fresh outbreak of Mohammedans is
reported from Lanchou, the capital of
Kansu. It was believed that the Moham
medan revolt of last year had been com
pletely stamped out, but the rebels are
again under arms and have completely
routed the Government troops sent against
them, nearly 4000 of the latter, out of a
total of 6000, having been killed. The
Viceroys Liv and Chang have been or
dered to send strong re-enforcements.
SUICIDE OF A NAPA BUTCHER.
William K. Craadock Enda Hia Life
With a Itull't.
NAPA, Cal., July I.— William R. Crad
dock, aged 47 years, an honored citizen of
Napa, committed suicide this morning at
the Palace Hotel by shooting himself.
He entered bis room about 7 o'clock this
morning, and nothing more was heard of
him until this noon, when Sherwood Bird,
the proprietor of the hotel, went to the
room to arouse him.
Not receiving any response, ho went to
the porch and looked through the win
dow. To his astonishment, Craddock was
seen lying on the bed dead. The door wa s
immediately opened. It was found that
the man had been dead some time.
He had killed himself by firing a bullet
through his brain, the bullet entering the
right side of his head, just above the ear.
The County Coroner, R. M. Keyser, was
notified and a jury summoned, of which
jury S. M. Pickett was foreman. A ver
dict in accordance with the above facts
was rendered.
When Craddock was found he held a
picture of his mother in one hand and a
pistol in the other. A letter was also found
directed to Herbert W. Shaw, in which
were directions for the disposal of his
property. In reference to the motive for
committing suicide he says in the letter:
I do this on account of melancholy, having
lostali my friends (and for what reason I dou't
know). I have tried to treat everybody well,
but they don't appreciate it.
For the past ten years Mr. Craddock
has been the employ of Zollner & Even,
butchers of Nana. "He was highly re
spected and had many friends, who are
grieved at his sad death.
PIONEER M cWILLIAMS' FUNERAL.
Largely Attended at Sacramento by Old-
Timr Reaidenta.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July I.— The ob
sequies of W. A. McWilliams, a former
resident of this city, who for years past
has been connected with the clerical de
partment of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, occurred in this city to-day
and was largely attended by the old-time
residents, who in the palmy days of '49
were his friends and intimates.
Mr. McWilliams came to Sacramento in
'49 and engaged in busing os. Later he
was elected County Auditor, served for
two terms aud was at that time one of the
popular men in this city and county. He
then entered the service of the railroad
company and has ever since continued in
th'iir employ-
The ceremonies took place in the cathe
dral and the vast structure was crowded.
His pallbearers were chosen from the
ranks of the old pioneers, who were his
companions in early manhood.
A delegation of his fellow-employes
from Fourth and Townsend. consisting of
the followinc-named gentlemen, attended
in a body from San Francisco: D. Me-
Henry, A. Gilbert, D. Shay, P. S. Benja
min, A. Frost, Martin Joyce, W. Tiffany.
Henry Bell, John Crawford and B. Brady.
SAN JOSE'S TURN VEREIN
Preparing for the Great State
Scheutzen Fest Next
Month.
Officers Elected at the Annual Meet-
ing—Prosperous Condition of the
Organization.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July I.— Tho San Jose
Turn Verein is making arrangements for
the great State Scheutzen Fest which will
be held in this city August 29, 30 and 31 at
Scheutzen Park. Over $1000 will be given
in prizes, and members of all the shooting
clubs of the State will be in attendance
and compete for prizes.
At the annual meeting of the San Jose
Turn Verein, Monday evening, the follow
ing officers were elected: President, H.
W. Otter; vice-president, L. Zeigeler;
treasurer, H. L. Hirscb; corresponding
secretary, L. Webber; financial secretary
and oeckenom, B. Lenz; secretary sick
fund, F. Posky; first leader, F. Butter;
second leader, L. Doerr; librarian and hall
manaper, J. H. Haagen.
The annual reports showed the organi
zation to be in a prosperous condition and
the membership increasing.
EXAMINED FOR INSANITE
One Man Sent to Agnewa, Two to Jail
and Two Diacharged.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July L— Five insane
persons were before Judge Lorigan and
Drs. Trueman and Harris for examination
this morning. Of this number, one was
committed to Agnews, two discharged and
two ordered confined in the County Jail
and given medical treatment.
John Toomey, who has been serving 180
days in tne County Jail for vagrancy, was
committed to Agnews. At one time he
was an inmate of Stockton Asylum. Dur
ing the last two weeks he has become
possessed of the idea that efforts are being
made to poison him, and he has refused to
eat but little food. He is a native of Ire
land and about 40 years of age.
H. W. Mitchell, a newspaper man, and
Frank Bell, an Italian, were examined
and ordered released. They are regarded
as perfectly harmless.
John Drachbar, who was arrested at
Mountain View on Monday on account
of threats he had made against his own
life, was ordered returned to jail for med
ical treatment. His insanity is evidently
the result of a spree.
Jim Lee, a Chinaman, was also ordered
under medical treatment.
DESERTED FOR INERTE TEARS
Mra. Margaret Summers Hove Brings
Suit for Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July I— The evidence
taken in the divorce suit of Margaret Sum
mers against Philip Summers has been
filed. They were married in 1863, and in
the same year they moved to Los Gatos
and located a Government claim.
Summers soon tired of ranching, and
two years later he deserted his wife, and
for thirty-one years no word has been
received from him. The property has
become valuable, and the divorce suit was
brought so as to perfect the title to the
land. There are no children, and Mrs
Summers asks that she be given the entire
property. ■ •
Arreated for Grand Larceny.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July I.— The police
this morning arrested J. Churchill and
F. Groves on telegraphic information from
Hollister, where the men are wanted for
erand larceny. They will be taken to
Hollister to-morrow. Churchill is an old
offender, ami a short time ago was arrested
in this city and taken to Martinez to an
swer to a charge of robbery.
Santa Clara Firm Vffieiala Installed.
SANTA CLARA, Cal., July 1.-At the
annual meeting of the Santa Clara Fire
Department the following officers were in
stalled: Chief engineer, J. P. Menton •
first assistant chief, Henry Menzel- second'
assistant chief, George Wanderer; presi
dent, L. R. Thompson; secretary, Ward
M. Jarris; treasurer, John J. Eberhard
San Jose's Loyal Afro-American:
SAN JOSE. Cal., July 1.-The Afro-
American League of this city last evening
passed resolutions indorsing the ticket
and platform of the National Republican
party. J. Overton and William Whiting
were elected delegates. to the Afro-Ameri
can congress to be held at Los Angeles on
August 11. B
Heater nilli.ttna' Suit for THrorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July I.— Hester E.
Williams to-day be^an suit for divorce
from John O ; Williams on the ground of
desertion. The parties were married in
this city several years ago. There are no
children aud no community property.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
RAILWAY CHANGE
AT LOS ANGELES,
Creditors Assume Control
of the Mount Lowe
Road.
SURPRISE TO CITIZENS.
The Picturesque Mountain Re
sort Line is Temporarily
Embarrassei
TRUSTEES ARE APPOINTED.
They Will Reduce Expenses and Put
a Good Railroad Man in
Charge.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July I.— People
here were greatly surprised to-day to learn
that the creditors of the Mount Lowe Rail
way Company had taken control of that
picturesque and famous mountain resort
road. The company has a floating debt of
176,000. Of this, $3500 is due employes.
An amicable arrangement has been en
tered into which will secure creditors with
out interrupting the operation of the road
or imvolving the company in expensive
litigation. T. S. C. Lowe, originator of the
Mount Lowe railway, and the man who*e
untiring energy carried the great under
taking to completion, will continue as
president of the company.
The semi-annual interest on the bonds
tell due to-day and the company had no
money .with which to pay. The trustees
expect, however, to provide for this within
ninety days.
A meeting of creditors to the amount of
$38,000 was held yesterday. After hearing
the committee's report Mr. Baker of the
iron works, Mr. Johnson and I. B. New
ton, treasurer of Harper- Reynolds Com
pany, were chosen as trustees for all the
creditors, with power to act.
The trustees then drew up a contract
between the Mount Lowe Railway and the
trustees, whereby it was agreed that as
soon as the trustees should obtain consent
and authority of 90 per cent of the credi
tors, the company would cause three of its
directors to resign and trustees should be
elected in their stead. As there are five
directors in the board this arrangement
will give to the trustees the controlling
vote. The contract was signed yesterday
by the Mount Lowe Railway Company
and creditors to the amount of $28,000 have
ratified it. No oi position to the plan has
developed and every creditor thus far seen
by Mr. Baker has signed the agreement.
The trustees will operate the property, re
ducing expenses and putting some good
railway man in charge.
SIXTY-ONE GRATUATED.
Commencement f.xercisr* of the State
Xormal >cliool.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July I.— The
commencement, exercises of the State
Normal School were held this forenoon,
when sixty-one graduates were turned out
with the most progressive ideas on their
professional work that the State of Cali
fornia can give.
At an early hour the great auditorium
of the Normal School building was packed
to its utmost. The stage was banked with
a prolusion of flowers. The Stars and
Stripes were draped overhead and a dado
of drawings and designs in black and
white ran around the walls of the room.
Principal Pierce, Professor Dozier,
President Pomeroy and Rev. J. A. B.
Wilson occupied the stage, in front of
which sat the Normal School orchestra,
the members of which are as follows':
R. P. Rice and Lena Ehebock, flutes:
Walter Pomeroy and Lena Wilson, first
violins; Sidney Good, Ida Hall, Viola
Jessie Brvson, second violins; Ildica
Eisenmeyer, cornet; Edgar Maxson, trom
bone.
The class of '96 is as follows: Ruth B.
Atherton, Nenetta Booth. Arthur C.
Brown, Frances E. Bellah, Irfa D. Barren,
Mary Bradish, Benjamin G. Bleasdale,
Minette A. Breuzier, Nelson C. Bledsoe
Jr., Lola E. Crise, Ida B. Clay, Estelle
Carle, Frances Olive Cokin, George W.
Campbell, Beulah B. Coward, Mary Jean
Clarke, E. R. Camp, Cora A. Dix, Joseph
ine M. Dow, Ida M. Dawe, Mane Dickson
Mildred E. M. Bodie, Harriet T. B. Gage,
Margaret Gaud, Margaret R. Horreli, Min
nie E. Hughes. Frances J. Heil, Nellie V.
Hutchinson, Bertha R. Hunt, Eva M.
Johnson, K. Courtenay Johnson, M.
Louise Johnson, Helen Fichter, Kelaey
Mwade, L. Kelly, Rose E. Lamb, Laura B.
Longley, Kathleen I. McPhail, Edith A.
Mitchell, Ruth Martin, Leonora McLarn
Sue M. Matheson, Beeda A. Metcaif!
Tillie M. Oswald, Lillian E. Rood, W.
Elmo Reeves, Martha J. Raeb, Adah M
Stroup, John S. Stubblefield, J. Claude
Smallwood, Eleanor J. Stanley, Ada
Madge M. Skinner. Helen E. Tepgert
Elspeth R. Thomson, Mabel I. E. Thom
son. Maude Taylor, Mignonette E. Tate
Gertrude F. Yenning, H. A. Wierwille
Elberta M. Willis, May Williams and
Bruce Wright.
THE FOURTH AT LOS ANGELES.
Mra. Alice E. Jiroadwell la Choaen at
Ooddest of Liberty.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July I.— Mrs.
Alice E. Broadwell has been selected to
act as Goddess of Liberty in the Fourth of
July parade. Grand M*r«hal Burton, to
whom the executive committee left the
matter, made the selection this morning.
The float on which Mrs. Broaawell and
the girls representing the States of the
tnion will appear is completed It is a
beautiful piece of wore and will attract
much attention on the Fourth. Captam
Hutcbinsons and a large corps of as
sistants commenced decorating the busi
ness streets this forenoon. The work will
be completed to-morrow afternoon.
AN EDITORIAL OUTING.
Southern California Journalist,, Wilt
Viait Santn Catalina liland,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July I.— The
executive committee of the Boutheru Cali
fornia Editorial Association has just per
fected plans for the summer's session and
onting, which will take place at Santa
Catalina Island July 25 to 27 inclu>ive.
The arrangements for tins three days'
outing and session will include a yachting
trip around the island, boating, fishing
hunting and tally-ho rides among the
mountains.
The membership of the association is
now about 100, nearly all of them success
ful country editors. These, with -their
wives, sweethearts and invited guests, will
comprise one of,the merriest parties which
ever went on an outing in Southern Cali
fornia. The committee has hit upon one
of the most delightful spots in the State
for toe meeting.
This association of bright and clever
newspaper men and wemen have two
meetings every winter and snmnier.
The summer meetings, owing to the su
perb climate, have always been largely at
tended and most successful. It is really
time for the annual meeting, when new offi
cers are elected for the coming year.
Leading members of the association will
read several papers during the meeting,
some of which will point out many of the
absurdities of California laws regarding
the rights and privileges of newspaper
publishers, and will doubtless form a basis
for some important committee work hav
ing in view much-neede i legislation at the
next session of the California General As
sembly. The question of a uniform rate
lor leeal advertising, now very much de
moralize!, will receive attention. The
discussion which the several papers will
precipitat is expected to be animated and
surchar-ed with considerable spice, since
it is known that several able members have
widely different views on several impor
tant subjects.
VETERANS AT VENTURA.
Camp Phil Sheridan Is Formally Opened.
Many Families Tenting on the
Ground.
VENTU2A, Cal., July 1.-Camp Phil
Sheridan, as the ninth annual encamp
ment of the Southern California Veteran
Association has been christened, was form
ally opened this evening by Commander
Goorge Downing of Pasadena.
There ure now about 150 families on the
ground and arrivals ara recorded hourly.
Tent space for 200 tents has been engaged,
and by Friday noon it is certain that fully
750 veterans* will be in line for muster.
At 2 p. m. to-day the flag-raising cere
monies were performed.
Mrs. irweet of the W. R. C. auxiliary
unfurled old glory, a National salute was
fired by the emcampment battery, the ex
ercises closing with the singing of the
"Star-spangled Banner" by theTomona
Quartet.
The city is fillina up with strangers und
elaborate decorations will constitute the
street dress from now until the close of the
encampment.
SAN DIEGO'S CARNIVAL
The Que^n Has Appointed Her
Maids of Honor and
Attendants.
Aquatic Exercises to Be Held oa the
Anniversary of the Nation's
Birth.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 1.-The queen
of San Diego's water carnival, Miss Caro
line Polhamus, has named her suite, as
follows: Maids of honor — Mrs. Lewis
Works, Mrs, Walter S. Young, Mi»s Vyne
Bowers, Miss Grace Luce, Mits Coxhead,
Miss Gertrude Gilbert, Miss Pansy Parke
and Miss Ethel Gephart. The attendants
will be: Lewis R. Works, Walter S.
Young, A. C. Barlow, H. E. Parke,
Lieutenant R. H. Noble, Wheeler B liley
and Fred Barber. In addition the queen
will have two flower-girls and two pages,
but they have not yet been selected.
Miss Polhamus is not yet 18, but in de
portment and bearing is a typical Ameri
can queen. She is a beautiful blonde, tall
and rounded, with a glow of health in her
cheeks. With her sisters, all athletic girls,
Miss Polhamus organized the Zlac Rowing
Club, the first girls' club in this portion of
the State. The success of thecluband the
notice given to the young maids who com
posed it, led to the organization of six
other clubs of young women, all of which
are prospering.
The barge which will be occupied by the
queen and her attendants has been
specially constructed for the occasion. The
plans contemplate a double deck, with
stairs leading to the throne on the upper
one. In the center of the seats provided
for her attendants is being constructed a
large raised chair, which will serve the
purpose of a throne, and on the deck
below will be stationed the City Guard
band of thirty piece!*.
The barge "will be elaborately decorated
with bunting, and several flagstaffs wili
fly the stars and stripes. Several hundred
colored electric lights will illuminate it,
and in addition there will be a free use of
calcium lights, making the spectacle one
of dazzling brilliancy. The electric lights
will be manufactured on the barge. The
queen will be attired in a white satin full
couit dress, and will wear jewels and a
crown of dazzling splendor.
£One of the most interesting events on the
proeramme of aquatic sports next Satur
day will be a trial of skill between Judge
A. D. Jordan and Louis Almgren. Alni
gren will impersonate a fish, and will pre
tend to be hooked and try to get away.
Jordan is allowed 300 feet of line, and
must bring Almgren to the float in twenty
minutes' time, after allowing him to reel
out 100 feet of the line.
Almgren weighs about 150 pounds and
will no doubt give Jordan some hard
work. The line is attached to a ring
sewed in a harness worn by the swimmer
and the swimmer is allowed to swim under
the steamship wharf, if he can get that
faraway, and use any expedient he may
desire to break the line. He cannot, how
ever, use either hands or feet to catch or
hold on to any object. The experiment is
designed to show the skill and strength of
an expert angler. The following is the
official programme of the Fourth of July
celebration:
July 3— Evening. Illuminated bicycle
parade, 800 wheels in line.
July 4— Forenoon. Sunrise salnte of
forty-six guns by Naval Battalion on
plaza; band concert by City Guard band
on plaza; reading of Declaration of Inde
pendence by George Neale; oration on
plaza at 11 a. m. by Hon. Thomas Fitch.
Afternoon— Aquatic sports and band
concert on bay ; beginning at 2 p. v. ;
yacht races, forty boats participating;
rowing races by ladies' clubs and rowing
clubs, tub races, swimming races and
other sports.
There will be exercises by the Order of
the Patriotic Sons and Daughters of
America at Hotel Del' CYronado at 3 p. m.
Eveninc — Grand water carnival on the
bay, naval review by the queen of the cur
nival.
SENATOR SQUAREM ALTERNATIVE
Mutt Renounce the Republican Pmrty or
Lone M» Supftortert,
SEATTLE, Wash., July I.— Upon the
return of United States Senator Squire
from the East that gentleman will be in
formed by the State Free Coinage Repub
lican party— brought into existenoe yes
terday at Tacoma— that, notwithstanding
his couise in voting with the silver men
in the Senate, he cannot get the support
of the new organization uniess he publicly
and formally renounces allegiance to the
National Republican party.
Many of his friends in this city think
Senator Squire will so net, enrecially in
view of the fact that his manager, C. H.
Haean, attended the birth and christening
of the new party.
Governor McGraw, an avowed candidate
for Squire's place in the Senate, is an ar
dent gold standard man and is conducting
nis tight upon these lines.
PORTLAND'S NEW MAYOR.
Pennoyer la fiteorn in Without Any
t'emoiiitrntion.
PORTLAND, Ob., Joly I.— Sylvester
Pennoyer was sworn in as Mayor of Port
land at noon ana Mayor Frank retired.
There was no demonstration of any kind.
The Ponulist Mayor, in his address to the
City Council, advocated exiensive public
improvements for the purpose of giving
idle laboring men worfc.
MARE ISLAND'S
COURT-MARTIAL.
Sensational Testimony in
the Webster Case De
lays Its Close.
FORGERY IS HINTED AT.
A Receipt Only the Signature to
Which Is Declared to Be
Genuine.
THE PAYMASTER'S DEFENSE.
Claims That He Accepted the Money
From Clerk Tobin Simply
as a Loan.
VALLEJO, Cal., July I.— ln the court
martial of Paymaster Webster, charged
with having exacted a cash bond of $2500
from W. J. Tobin before giving him em
ployment as a clerk, and afterward failing
to return the money, much time was spent
this m ming listening to a brilliant argu
ment by Judge Advocate Laucheimer as
to the advisability of listening to testi
mony the prosecution desired to be intro
duced by Medical Inspector George W.
Woods, and which had been ruled out yes
terday afternoon as being inadmissible on
account of it being o~!y hearsay evidence.
The court was cleared for consultation,
and on opening the doors the president
announced that it had been decided to hear
the testimony.
Medical Inspector Woods was called to
the stand and detailed an interview held
with Mrs. Tobin prior to her death, in
which he (Dr. Woods) had informed
her that it was not within the prov
ince of an officer in the navy to re
quire a bond from a clerk under him, and
if such a one had been given it was con
trary to law. It is claimed by the pay
master that the money received was not
exacted as a bond. The receipt given to
her reads:
Vallejo— Received of Mrg. Katharine Tobin
the sum of $2500 on account of deposit for W.
J. Tobin. E. B. Webster.
The defense will claim that tho money
received was simply as a loan, to be re
turned when called for; that no demand
had been made upon the paymaster for
the return of the full amount of the
money; that while the gunboat Yorktown
was lying in Shanghai Tobin gay« him a
receipt for $583 54, and to substantiate
this evidence the receipt for the money
was produced in court at the session this
afternoon by the attorney for the defense.
The receipt reads:
Shanghai, China, August 10, 1895.
Received from E. B. Webster the sum of five
hundred and eighty-three dollars and fifty,
four cents ($583 54), U. 8. gold coin, on ac
count of loan. w. J. Tobin.
The receipt was not allowed to be intro
duced at the court of inquiry, but the
higher court in session admitted the same
1 and Assistant Paymaster Philip V. Mohun
of the Bennington testified to its being in
the handwriting of Tobin, who has con
tended all along that he had never received
any money back from Paymaster Web- |
ster.
On the evidence of this receipt Paymas
ter Webster has relied for his proof that i
the money received from Mrs. Tobin was
in the nature of a loan; also that at the,
time the money was received from Mrs.
Tobin it was the understanding that it
was as a loan, the same to be deduoted
from Tobin's apportionment of the estate.
Henry Levy, a clerk in the department
of yards and docks, threw a bombshell
into the camp of the attorney for the de
fense when he testified to the genuineness
of Tobin's signature to the document, but
declared emphatically as an expert on
Tobin's handwriting that the body of the
NEW TODAY.
Q 4th of July
IS CLOSE BY.
HOW ABOUT THESE PRICES
Mjlllllp As exploding the ordinary charges of retail
' W^JhF c 1 ot h i c rs ?
|P|B|| When we start in to quote prices they
|S^^ are always skyrockets as compared to the
Hn[ Pinwheels of our competitors. Look at these
Plf 111 l figures as an example
JPt MEN'S DRESS SUITS,
Sacks and Frocks in the . , .
very latest and most ap- Latest style, cut and pattern, that we
proved patterns and styles. were selling a few days ago at j
Some of our choicest gar-
ments picked out for this
especial occasion and marked . iplf?, $l 8 cind $20.
at these remarkable prices.
At Our Alteration Sale Prices, Ajj 45 A lft oe A f A 45
H. Surnmerfield & Co.,
922930 MARKET STREET. *'
receipt was not in the handwriting of
Tobin.
This turn of affairs was entirely un
looked for by Paymaster W bster and his
attorneys, who immediately arose and
asked for a continuance until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning to gain additional evi
dence regarding the handwriting of Mr.
Tobin, as they assert most positively that
the entire document was written by Mr.
Tobin himself.
The court was cleared for deliberation
on the question of continuance until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning to allow other
expert testimony on the handwriting of
Tobin to be introduced. After some little
time the doors were thrown open and the
jud :e advocate having nr» objections the
court was adjourned until 10 o'clock to
morrow morning, a; which time a number
of witnesses wili be cal!ed to identify the
writing on the receipt.
Several persons who liave examined the
paper seem convinced tfcat the receipt is
genuine throughout.
Had not the witness Levy testified as he
did the defense would have closed their
case this afternoon and been ready for
argument to - morrow morning. The
judge advocate would have replied and
then the case would have been closed. It
is possible that the court will have com
pleted Its work to-morrow afternoon, and
as -oon as the testimony bas all been
transcribed, which will be the following
day, the judge advocate will leave with
it and the findings of the court for Wash
ington for review by the judge advocate
general.
PARKER JURY DISAGREES
Stood F even to Five in Favor oi
Upholding the Contested
Will.
Judge Reyno'ds Expresses Regret at
the Situation— The Case Will
Be Retried.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July I.— The trial of
the contest of the will of George H. Parker
which occupied seven weeks was con
cluded to-day. The argument to the jury
was finished in the forenoon, Judge Rey
nolds instructed the jury, and gave the
case to them for deliberation upon a
verdict at 12:15 o'clock. They remained
out till nearly 6 o'clock when Judge
Reynolds called them into the courtroom.
At that time the foreman of the jury,
William Ross, stated that no agreement
had yet been reached. After a meal the
jury retired again.
At 8:30 o'clock they came into the court
room and asked for instructions as to a
codicil. It was desired to know what
would be the effect if one of the codicils
was annulled. The court stated that no
instructions could be eiven on this point,
and the jury again retired.
At 11 o'clock to-night the jury again
came into the court-room and the foreman
announced that it was impossible to agree.
They stood seven to five to uphold the will.
Judge Reynolds then discharged the
jury, at the same time expressing much
regret at the situation. Reference was
made by the court to the very long and
expensive trial,, but as the jurois seemed
to coincide in the opinion that they could
not agree there appeared to be nothing
for it to do but discharee them.
The side of the contestant, who de
manded the jury, had to pay $624 jury
fees. The case will be retried. Attorneys
V. R. Paterson, J. Cooganand N. Bowden
represented the contestant, and D. M.
Delraas, F. E. Spencer and D. W. Burchard
were attorneys for the respondents.
Lot Onto* McKinley Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July I.— A number of
prominent Republicans of Los Gatos have
called a meeting for Tuesday evening,
July 7. at Masonic Hail for the purpose of
organizing a McKinley club. Several rood
speakers will address the gathering. This
will be the first McKinley club organized
in the county.
Off for Monterey.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July I.— The war
ships Philadelphia and Monaduock sailed
for Monterey to-day, the Philadelphia
going at 10 o'clock and the Monadnock an
hour later. A number of people were on
the beach and wharf to witness the de
parture of the vessels. T c visit of the
warships hero has been an event in the
history of Santa Cruz which will bo Jong
remembered by every citizen and visitor
here.
PERALTA-REAVIS
FOUND GUILTY.
Convicted of Perjury in the
Famous Land Grant
Case.
SENTENCE WITHHELD.
It a New Trial Is Refused the
Matter Will Be Ap
pealed.
FORGED DEEDS WEEE FILED.
Witnesses Who Swore They Had
Previously Lied in the Defend
ant's Behalf.
SANTA FE, N. M., July 1.-Tbe case oi
the United States vs. J. A. Peralta-Reavis,
on indictments charging conspiracy to de
fraud the United States out of 12,000,000
acres of land, was given to the jury last
evening. A verdict of "guilty as charge I"
was returned at 9 o'clock this morning.
Judge Laughlin withheld sentence until
the 18th inst. A motion for a new trial
and an arrest of judgment will be made,
and , if refused, an appeal will be taken.
The features of the trial were the con
fessions of A. E. Sherwood, Jose Ramon
Valencia and Andreas Sandoval of Call*
fornia, that the evidence they had for
merly given in support of the pretended
"Peralta" grant was false. Valencia con
fessed on the witness-stand that he was
induced by promises of money to testify
as he did regarding the parentage and
youth of Mrs. Reavis; that ho knew
nothing about the facts. The testimony
of Joseph Sherwood, brother of A. E.
Sherwood, brought out the fact that John
A. Treadway, alleged to have brought up
Mrs. Reavis, died in 1861, before Mr*.
Reavis is supposed to have been born.
The perjuries spoken of are alleged to
have been committed in the examination
before United Btates Commissioner Hough
ton, in this city, in October, 1890. A dozen
witnesses testified in favor of tho fraudu
lent claimants to some 13,000,000 acres of
land in this State.
The history of the litigation and the at
tending conspiracy is an interesting one.
In October, 1892, James Addison Peralta-
Reavis and Loreto Micaria de Peralta-
Reavis, his wife, sued in the Court of Pri
vate Land Claims for confirmation of a
grant alleged to have been made by Spain
in 1758 to ona Miguel Peralta, baron of
Arizona, knight of the Colorados and
grandee of Spain, covering 12,740,000 acres
of land in Arizona and New Mexico. This
claim included the sites on which the city
of Phoenix and other large places in Ari
| zona now stand. The title to the land had
j been investigated by eminent counsel and
I pronounced genuine. As a result many
persons and a few corporations acquired
interests in the Territory claimed as pur
chasers from the plaintiffs.
It was alleged that the original grant
j had been recommended by Phillip V of
i Spain in 1744 and by Ferdinand VI |n
J 1748; that it had been actually allowed by
| the Viceroy of New Spain in 1748 and rati
fied some time later; but the Federal
authorities made a thorough investigation
of the claim, and the result was the un
earthing of a great mass of fraud. From a
search of the archives of Spain and Mexico
it was found that the instruments of which
the copies were correct and duly authenti
cated were cleverly forced on genuine
ancient parchments, from which other
writings had been skilltully erased and
placed among tho records attending tne
administration of Government affairs in
California and adjacent territory during
the period of Spanish dominion.MANY THOUSANDS
HAVE PERISHED.
The Worst Fears Confirmed
by the News From
Japan.
VICTIMS OF THE SEA.
Coast Towns and Villages En
gulfed in the Rushing
Waters.
COMMUNICATION CUT OFF.
List of the Number Drowned and the
Damage Done on the Eastern
Seaboard.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July I.— The
steamer Empress of China arrived here
last night with Yokohama dates to June
12. Regarding the earthquake wave the
Yokohama Mail has the following:
It will be some time, doubtless, before
Map of Portions of Japan Visited by the Recent Earthquake and Tidal Wave. The Light,
Unshaded Parts Represent the Lowlands, Subject to Inundation.
full particulars reach Tokio of the cruel
disaster that has overtaken the people
living along the coast of Rikuzen and
Rikuchu. At intervals, happily long,
Japan is visited by earthquake waves
which devastate her shores and sometimes
bury whole villages permanently under
the sea. Traveling by boat from Kanazawa
to Kamakura, for example, one passes
over a spot once crowded with habitations,
of which no trace whatever can be seen
tnrough the clear water.
Between 8 and 8:20 p. m. on June 15 a
violent seismic disturbance stirred the
ocean which bathes the northeastern
coast of the main island. Accounts
thuß far received place the center of dis
turbance in the vicinity of the celebrated
island of Kinkwa-Zan, but that idea re
quires verification.
Between Kinkwa-Zan on the south and
Hachinoye on the north, a distance of
about 170 miles, practically the whole
coast was swept by the wave, and as at the
times of tne disasters occurring at Minato
on the extreme north of devastated Lit
toral and Kinkwa-Zan on the south, differ
by only 30 minutes at moat, it is scarcely
conceivable that the genesis of the dis
turbance can have been in the neighbor
hood of the latter place. Such velocity ia
out of question. Another fact militating
against the supposition that Kinkwa-Zan '
was the center of the seismic energy is
that the shock was barely felt at Sendai,
•which is only thirty-three miles from
Kinkwa-Zan.
What seems more probable is that the
sesmic force bad its origin a good deal
further north than the Kinkwa-Zan coast,
and the direction of the force being north
ward, only the convex of Littoral, be
tween Kinkwa-Zan and Hachino-Ye, was
struck by the waves. Following the coast
line northward from Kinkwa-Zan we find
these reports from various places on the
beach :
Onogawa, Futahama— Lives lost, ani
mals destroyed and houses inundated, but
no definite number stated.
Washigami— Forty houses destroyed;
several deaths.
Okatsu — Fifty persons killed ; thirty
houses washed away; prison doors thrown
open, but several prisoners supposed lost
as well as some of the warders; a quantity
of mail matter swept away.
Motoyoshi (or Shizukawa) — Eighty
houses swept away; seventy-two corpses
recovered up to 1 p. m. on the 16th.
Kamaishi— Over half the town awept
away; many persons and animals killed;
telegraph office washed away.
Miyako — Much injury to life and prop
erty. Kuji — Ditto.
Hachinoye-Minato — Eleven persons
killed, two missing; school-building de
stroyed; bridges swept away.
Hashikami Mura — Bulidines swept
away, 300; deaths, 400; wounded, 100.
Quani Mura, Motoyashi district — Ninety
buildings swept away; deaths, 400.
Koidz.umi-Murad — Deaths, 1450.
Utatsu-Mura, Motoyoshi district — Build
ings swept away, 600, there being abso
lutely nothing left; deaths, 600; wounded,
250.
Okachihama, Momo district-Buildings
swept away, 40; deaths, 31; wounded 5.
Among those who lost their Jives at Oka
chihama were 8 jailers and 7 prisoners.
Neinuro — Feeble shocks of earthquake
continued all day; inhabitants very anx
ious, anticipating another disaster.
Sendai— ln the three districts of Motoyo
shi, Ojika and Momo. in Miyagi prelec
ture, the most disastrous damage done by
the tidal wave was during the night of the
15th inst. According to the report of tiie
authorities of the district of Motoyoshi
alone the deaths were 1030 and the build
ings washed away 560.
Morioka, June 17.— During the night
of the 15th inst. there were repeated earth
quases. The eastern coast of Iwate Ken
was washed by a tidal wave. The damage
done was sad beyond description. The
worst was experienced in the three towns
of Kamaishi, Miyaho and Sakari.
Aoniori— All employes of the telegraph
office at Kohiro-Hama were drowned by
the tidal wave. The office at Yamada was
swept away.
From the Governor of Iwateken, June
17. — By the tidal wave of the night of the
15tn the number of persons who either
lost their lives or were injured is 2000 at
Sakarimachi, Kesen district. Excepting
the bluff of Kamaishi, the whole town was
completely swept away.
Sapporo, June 17. — The tidal wave the
! night of the 15th swept along the whole
i coast of Sapporo. Along the road from
Sapporo to Surumura eight deaths oc
i curred and eight buildings were destroyed.
I Four sampans are missing and three are
I wrecked.
Sendai, June 16.— The whole eastern
coast of this prefecture (Miyagi Ken) was
was washed by the tidal wave at 8 p. m. of
the 15th. A number of houses were swept
away and a heavy deathroll in antici
pated.
Mivadzueawa Motoyoshi district — More
than seventy houses were carried away,
involving the death of over seventy peo
ple. The Governor and police inspectors
are now making diligent investigations.
Sendai — The tidal wave devastated the
districts of Ojika and Motoyoshi this
morning. About 500 houses were washed
away and 1000 people drowned. The Gov
ernor, police inspectors and other officials
have hurried to the spot.
Aomon— The tidal wave swept Shiro
gane, in the JUinato-Mura Sannobe dis
trict, at 8 o'clock last night. Many build
ings, including one school, were washed
away and three persons drowned and two
are missing. Many boats and fishing im
plements were destroyed. Two neavy
earthquake shocks were felt last night and
this morning. There were thirty feebl*
earthquakes.
Akitad, June 16. — Repeated earth
quakes felt here during the night.
Seoul, June 16. — An insurrection has
broken out in Chung-Chong-Do. One regi
ment of royal guards, with Russian
officers, was dispatched to that district
to-day.
Kobe, June 15. — The steamer Kawa
noura Maru collided with and sank the
Hozui Maru oft Hiroshima, 178 lives being
lost.
Some accounts speak vaguely of thou
sands of lives lost and 500 houses swept
away on the coast of Ojika and Motoyoshi
alone, but that seems to be an exaggera
tion. There does not appear to have been
an earthquake of injurious force. One
statement is to the effect that thirteen
ihocke were felt in the neighborhood of
Ishimaki, but they must have been com
paratively slieht. 'Undoubtedly there has
been lamentable loss of life and property,
ana doubtless large tracts of rice fields
have been inundated and destroyed.
The latest dispatches in regard to the
earthquake in the northern part of Japan
give the loss of life at 30,000, thus multi
plying the first returns by thirty. There
is but little room to doubt that the true
number far exceeds fhe last estimate, and
that it will in all probability double if not
treble it.
The news is as yet very meager, tele
graphic communication with the devas
tated district being cut off for most part.
The portion of the island visited is not
as populous by one-third as the southern
provinces, but the major part of the popu
THE SAIS T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
lation live on the lowlands along the sea
coast, and so were involved in the rush of
the tidal wave which followed the land
disturbance and sweot Doth sides of the
islands of NiDhon and Yezo for more than
150 mile north and south of the Tsagam
Straits.
This pari. of Japan, according to Profes
sor John Milne, who has been a resident
of that country for years and has given
much time and attention to the study of
seismic disturbances, is more subject to
earthquakes than the southern part of the
islands. There is an average of over
three per day during some years, and in
1880 there were as many as 1200 distinct
shocks reported and recorded.
The tidal wave, which in this instance
seems to have caused the most destruc
tion, doe? not always accompany the land
disturbance to a degree that brings it to
notice either in Japan or elsewhere. Out
of 15,000 earthquakes observed on coast
lines only 124 were accompanied by large
waves, and of 1098 recorded on the west
coast of South America only 19 are said to
have been accompanied by movements of
the sea. Until late years no accurate in
formation bus been gathered in regard to
earthquakes in Japan, but many instances
pretty well authenticated lead to the con
clusion that destructive tidal waves have
j been more or less frequent in the region
just visited.
On the occasion of the great earthquake
of 1737, whose effects ranged from Yezo to
the northern part of Kamtchatka, the
tidal wave, according to Fuchs, broke
over the coast at Cape Lopatka to a height
of 210 feet. That the sea disturbance was
very intense in this instance is shown by
the fact that the tidal wave came all the
way across the Pacific, more than 6000
miles, to the harbor of Acapulco, though
no indications of it were noted in this
harbor.
Tbis tidal wave and the later accounts
of the disaster indicate that the focus of
the commotion was on the Pacific side of
the islands, instead of the other, as at
first thought, and this is in accord with
previous observations by Professor Milne
and others, who have shown that by far
' the greater number of shocks originate
on the eastern side of the islands or the
adjoining ocean. The exception is for a
shock to come from the west side.
The accompanying map, which shows
the elevated position shaded and the low
land in white, will give some idea of the
extent of country subjected to the worst
effects of the land disturbance as well as
the overwhelming of the sea waves.
Tne town of Kamaishi on the north
western coast of Nippon, reported as
utterly destroyed in this instance, has
been the center of destruction on former
occasions, and there is every reason to be
lieve that the whole low country along the
coast, from there to Kumashiri in the
northern part of the Island of Yezo, has
been swept by the inrush of the sea, and
that both sides of Tsugaru Straits and the
west coast of the islands north and south
have been also subjected to the violent
and destructve effect!* of the disturbed
waters. These low parts along the coast
are lined with towns and villages which
are for the most part entirely cut off from
any means of quicK communication.
The town of Aomori, on tne bay of the
same name, opening into Tsugaru Straits,
is the northern terminus of railroad com
munication with Tokio. It has cable con
nection with Hakodate, in the Hakkaido
mininz region of Yezo, but only by an oc
casional vessel with other towns along the
coast.
It is more than probable that the full
extent of the loss of life will not be known
for some time yet and that it will be ap
palling.
Funeral of a Knight Templar.
A special assembly of Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16, Knights Templar, is called by
Eminent Commander Charles H. Murphy to
conduct the funeral services of their late fra
ter, Sir CherlesW. Wilson of Galesburg Com
mandery No. 8 of Galesburg, ill., at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon. Members and visiting
fraters are cordially invited.
An Incendiary Fire.
A fire was discovered on the second floor of
tne Crown Distillery Company's new building
at 53 Steuurt street at 11 :30 o' clock last night
and an alarm was sounded from box 34. Tne
damage was about $ 150. How the blaze started
could not be learned, but it is supposed to
have been set by an incendiary.
John Laydou Poisoned.
John Laydon, a laborer who lives in a lodg
ing-house on Minna street, near New Mont
gomery, was sent to the Receiving Hospital at
an early hour this morning, suffering from
poison.
The Saze Estate.
Roll in Peter Saxe and Homer Polk Ba xe have
applied for letters of administration on the es
tate of Sarah Keith Saxe, which estate is valued
at $9000. _
The people of London are computed to
spend £1,200,000 daily.
THE TAX LEVY
AND THE CHARTER
Discussed by the Asso
ciated Improvement
Clubs.
HOW TO CUT EXPENSES.
A Special Committee Make a
Thorough Study of the
Matter.
SUPERVISOR TAYLOR EXPLAINS
Says Vicious Legislation and Not
Men Is the Cause of the
Trouble.
The Associated Improvement Clubs met
last night in full delegation and discussed
with much animation and force the ques
tion of the tax levy and the proposed
new charter. An elaborate report of the
former subject, prepared by the commit
tee especially appointed, was read, aud,
on invitation, a reply was made to this by
Supervisor Taylor, chairman of the Fi
nance Committee.
The Committee on Parks and Streets
recommended the purchasing of the old
Jewish Cemetery property for a park, pro
viding the price be not too exorbitant;
also the placing of a sustaining wall along
the western side of Buena Vista Park.
The Committee on Public Utilities advo
cated the placing of arc lights in Golden
Gate Park, the expense to be liquidated
by special appropriation, and the light to
be furnished by a plant to be placed in the
park.
The committee on the tax levy re
ported that it had made a thorough study
of a printed list of expenses furnished it by
the Finance Committee of the Supervisors
and cited to the meeting how a saving of
$350,000 in total might be effected. Salaries
they believed should be greatly reduced,
as well as the expense of cleaning the City
Hall. The committee further advocated
abolishing the offices of Fish and Game
Warden.
At the conclusion of this report Presi
dent Phelan asked of Mr. T aylor, "How
do these figures strike you?"
"I have been parnlyzed," replied Mr.
Taylor, "by figures for some days." He
then said that, although there were many
valuable points mentioned in the report,
there were others that were overlooked.
"Vicious legislation, 7 ' said he, "is the
cause of all' our trouble. The Supreme
Court has saM that salaries must be paid,
and the men who bid for contracts for
supplies will be the losers.
"If the Supervisors are not permitted to
allow the paying of salaries it will cause
the depletion pi the general fund."
Dr. Rottanzi, as chairman of the Public
buildings and works committee, advocated
the placing of the Pesthouse on some site
rem ote from any community.
The high school committee recom
mended that a high school class be placed
in some already established school build
ing in the Mission.
There followed 'a heated discussion re
garding the passage of the "rattler test"
ordinance for street-paving rock.
A special committee, consisting of Ellis,
Hubbs and Van Duzer, was appointed to
wait upon the Supervisors on tnis proposi
tion, including a» it does the merits of red
rock and blue rock for paving purposes.
President Dohrmann of the Mercfiants'
Association then addressed the club on
the new charter. He recounted the his
tory of the instrument, and said that above
all things it appealed to the people as
something clean and honeat.
Secretary Freud of the Merchants' Asso
ciation then followed us follows:
1. Legislative Tyranny v?. Home Rale.—Un
der the consolidation act San Francisco has
been and is largely governed by the Legisla
ture «nd Governor of the .State. Under the
new charter there will result municipal sover
eignty, independence end home rule.
The new charter will restore self-government
to San Francisco in the following notable in
stances:
(o) The Police Commissioners will no longer
be appointed by the Governor or hold office for
life. The Mayor will appoint four Police Com
missioners. Tneir term will be limited to four
yearb, one retiring each year. No; more than
two CommiHsioners cun be of the same politi
cal party. All policemen who are in the Police
Department when the charter goes into effect
will be retained.
(6) The Fire Commissioners will no longer be
partly appointed by the Governor. The Mayor
will appoint four Fire Commissioners for four
years, one retiring each year. Not more than
two of the same political party. The Fire l>e
partment will be fully paid and equipped.
(c) Election Commissioners.— The present
defective system of creating the Elec
tion Commissioners and the Registrar of
Voters, all ol whom may belong to
the same party, will be abolished.
Four Election Commissioners, not more than
two of the same political party, will be ap
pointed by the Mayor for four years, one re
tiring each year. They will appoint the Regis
trar. Tborougn provisions are made to secure
proper registration of electors and safe and
prompt count of tne votes polled.
(d) Board of Health.— The present partisan
method of appointing four members of the
Board of Health for five years will be abolished.
Three regular physiciane, eight years residents
of the City, will be appointed by the May6r
for two-year terms as the Board of Health.
2. Official Chaos vs. Fixed Authority.— Under
the present consolidation act officials shirk
and shift their responsibility. The municipal
government is therefore uncertain and cha
otic. The new charter places accountable au
thority and fixed responsibility in every
municipal department.
(a) The Mayor.— Year by year the powers of
the Mayor have been usurped by the Legisla
ture and the Supervisors under the consolida
tion act. He has therefore become a mere
figurehead and cipher in the City government.
Under the new charter, however, he will be
vested with executive power and official re
sponsibility. He will be accountable for the
conduct of the City government, as weli as its
officials. The objection most frequently raised
against the charter is the claim that it confers
exorbitant powers upon the Mayor. Let us see
exactly what are the j)owers of the Mayor
under the new charter. He will appoint the
City Attorney, Public Administrator, Board of
Public Works, Park Commissioners, Library
Trustees, Police Commistioners, Fire Commis
sioners, Board of Health, Election Commis
sioners and Civil Service Commissioners. All
other officials of the City will remain
elective under the constitution and gen
eral laws of the State. Until such
time aa the constitution shall have been
changed by the people all other officials will
therefore be elected by the people as hereto
fore, with the exception of the Superintendent
of Streets and Surveyor, who are abolished
under the churter. Examining, theretore, the
list of appointees of the Mayor, it will readily
appear that the Mayor under the charter will
appoint but two officials who are at present
elected by the poople. These two officials are
tho City Attorney aud the Public Administra
tor. All the other Commissioners and trus
tees appointed by the Mayor are now either
appointed by the Governor or hold office for
life or are newly created. Therefore, the peo
ple are not deprived of their privilege of elect
ing officials, as at present, except in the case of
the City Attorney and Public Administrator.
While the Mayor who is in office when the
charter goes into effect will appoint all these
Commissioners, subsequent Mayors will ap
point but two of them, as they go out of office
in rotation and the term of the Mayor is lim
ited to two years.
3. Political Patronage vs. Civil Service.— The
consolidation act is the boon of political
patronage and unscrupulous political' bosses.
The new charter will eradicate political
patronage and annihilate political bosses.
(a) Civil Service. — Under the consolidation
act political patronage rules every depart
ment oi the City government. It create* and
breeds political bosses, the bane of municipal
progress and prosperity. It produces incom
petency, dishonesty and corruption. With
the new charter, however, will come a thor
ough system of civil service. All clerks, em
ployes and laborers in the service of the City
will be governed by civil service rules and
regulations.
(6) Examinations.— Free, public, competitive
examinations of a practical nature must be
taken by all applicants, who must be citizeus
of the United States. Examinations must in
clude physical test** and manual skill wherever
necessary. No question shall relate to politics
or religion.
(c) Appointments, Dismissals and Promo
tions.—Out of the three highest in the civil
service list the appointee must be selected.
The appointment will therefore depend upon
ability and merit, and never upon politics.
No dismissal can be made for any reason ex
cept dishonesty, inefficiency, insubordination
or habitual discourtesy, proven after a fair
and impartial trial before the Commissioners.
Promotions will depend upon faithfulness and
length of service.
(d) Salaries — Salaries will be no higher than
are paid for similar services in business
houses, and the City Hall hours will be from
8 :3O a. m. to 5 P. Jf.
(c) Corruption.— Any officer or employe of the
City under the new dinner who promises or
pays anything for his nomination, election or
appointment forfeits his position and is per
manently disqualified from hoMing any
municipal office.
4. Extravagance vs. Economy.— The loose,
jumbled and defective methods of ihe consoli
dation act invite and encourage extravagance
and corruption. The rigid system oi nuance
and revenue in the new charter will necessi
tate honesty and economy.
(a) Tax Levy.— Under the present consolida
tion act the limit of $1 on the $100 of assessa
ble property is completely destroyed. The
result has been exorbitant" rates of taxation.
The tax levy for the fiscal year just closed re
quired a tax rate for City and County
purposes of $ 1 56 on the $100 taxable prop
erty, involving an expenditure of $0,400,000.
The new charter will restore tne tax rate to
within $1 on the $100 and make the limit
$1 07 for City and County purposes. This will
be possible under the provisions of the new
charter.
(b) Finance and Revenue.— The general fund
will be abolished. Twenty-four specific funds
will be provided under the charter. All rev
enue will have to be kept in separate funds
and cannot be tranferred as at present. This
system is a vast improvement upon the pres
ent loose method of raising and spending the
people's money. At present one fund draws
upon another, and when exhausted they all
draw upon the general fund. Appropriations
are therefore made for one purpose and spent
for an entirely different purpose. For exam
ple, $150,000 was appropriated for the past
fiscal year for sweeping and sprinkling the
public streets. As the streets were not sprin
fcled at all by the City, and the sweeping was
curtailed, there was in reality a surplus of
some $30,000 in this fund at the expiration of
the fiscal year. This surplus has been diverted
to other funds and purposes.
(c) Liabilities.— There will be restrictions
upon the liabilities of the City government
under the new charter. Liabilities can never
be incurred in any fiscal year exceeding the
revenue of that year, nor in any mouth exceed
ing one-tweifth of the revenue of the year.
Each expenditure will have to be provided for
in its proper specific fund. No fund can be
exhausted, because the liabilities cannot ex
ceed the appropriations of each specific fund.
5. Decay and Dryrot vs. Progress and Pros
perity.—The consolidation act has enabled
corporations to enthrall the people, and re
trogression and decay have overtaken the
City. Great public improvements in the
streets, roads, sewers and pavements will re
sult from the new charter.
(a) Public Franchise!-.— The new charter will
allow no exclusive privilege or monopoly in
any franchise for water, gas, electric light,
telegraph, telephone or steam power. Wiihin
one year after the charter takes effect, every
public franchise not in actual use will be iof
?eited to the City. Every public franchis«
hereafter granted must be in operation within
six months from its creation. One year will
be the limit upon any City contract tor gas or
electric light, and the price shall never exceed
the lowest charge to any consumer.
(6) Railway Franchises.— Street-railway fran
chises will be sold to the highest biader, and
at least 2 per cent of the gross receipts will go
to the City. Upon the expiration of street
railway franchises, their roadtntcks and road
beds revert to the City. The new charter em
powers the Board of Supervisors to "tix. estab
lish and reduce the rates of fare upon ail street
railroads in the Ctiy an<i County." All trans
continental or other railroad companies mean
ing business will have free entry into San
Francisco.
(c) Public Improvements.— The charter will
abolish the City Hall Commission and the
offices of Superintendent of Streets and Sur
veyor. Three Commissioners of Public Works
will be appointed for a term of four years, who
will manage and conduct all public* works, re
pairs and improvements. Any contract in
which any person in the Department of Public
Works is interested shall be void. It will no'
be possible to levy assessments upon any prop
erty aggregating over 50 per cent ol its as
sessed valuation. No streets will be allowed
to be torn up by private parties. A thorough
and systematic system of drainage will be
adopted. The public streets will be uniformly
swept, cleaned and sprinkled by the City, giv
ing preference to hand labor and to perma
nent residents. Bonding of the City for neces
sary permanent public improvements will be
valid, safe and certain.
(d) Municipal Ownership.— The charter pro
vides for the permanent acquisition and
municipal ownership by purchase, condemna
tion or construction of water works, pas works,
electric-light works, steam, water or electric,
power works, telephone lines and street rail
roads.
Ninety days before each election the Board
of Public Works must estimate the true value
of street railroads and water works, telephone,
gas and electric-light plants and all public
franchises. These exact estimates will be sub
mitted to the people at the ensuing election by
resolution of nine Supervisors.
Municipal ownership of any public utility
will be acquired by a two-thirds vote of the
people at the estimate established by the
Board of Public Works. Public utilities thus
acquired by the City will be managed and
operated by the Board of Public Works for the
benefit of the entire public.
It was decided to appoint two delegates
from eacb of the individual clubs and five
from the associated body, to attend the
charter convention on August 5.
The meeting was adjourned until two
weeks from last night, when the discus
sion on the charter will be resumed.
READY FOR THE FOURTH.
Socialist Bodies Will Tarn Oat and
Parade in Full Force.
The committee of arrangements of the
Socialist Labor party met last night at
the Turk-street Temple and completed
arrangements for Saturday's demonstra
tion. Organizations having a total mem
bership of 3000 will be in line under the
charge of Grand Marshal Hermann Sah
lender. The column will be headed by a
fife and drum corps and will contain dele
gations from the following organizations:
State executive committee of the Socialist
Labor party, County Central Committee
S. L. P., Central Trade and Labor Alliance,
Fraternity of Hotel and Restaurant Em
ployes, Bakers' Union No. 24, Confection
ers' Union No. 42. Amalgamated Wood
workers' Union, Carpenters and Joiners
No. 304, Barbers' Association, Liberty
branch S. L. P., Jewish branch S. L. P.,
German branch S. L. P., French branch 8.
L. P., American branch S. L. P., Socialist
Mannerchor, Tageblatt Publishing Com
pany, Socialist "Singing Society, citizens
and sympathizers with the socialist cause.
The procession will form at the Turk
street Temple at 9:30 o'clock Saturday
morning and unite with the main body of
the procession on iis march through the
principal streets to Van Ness avenue,
where it will be reviewed and dismissed
by the grand marshal to afford an oppor
tunity to those participating to attend the
mass-meeting and exercises with which
the socialist party intend to conclude the
day's celebration.
Sierra County's Celebration.
Louis F. Byinzton, a grand officer of the
Native Sons and a memoer of Niantic
Parlor, leaves this morning for Downie
ville, and will be away for about a week.
For years the residents of Sierra County
have been in the habit of celebrating the
National holiday in the towns in their
immediate vicinity, but this year the
people of the different parts of the county,
wishing to surpass all previous events,
have combined to hold a grand general
celebration at Downieville, the county
seat. From the preparations that have
been going on for the last week or two
and the elaborate programme, got up
under the auspices of the three Nati-e Sons
parlors of Sierra County, there is no doubt
that the celebration will be a success. Mr.
Byington, who is a native of Sierra County,
las consented to deliver the oration.
Hew Mining Company.
La Sucrte Gold Mining Company was yester
day incorporated by M. A. Laveaga, Rudolph
Herold Jr., Frederick Hess, L. S. Rose and Alex
T. Vogelsang. The capital stock is $10,000,000,
of which $5000 has been paid in.
THE^EMPORIUM^ , THEEMPORIUM.
Closed Day and Evening, Saturday, July 4.
Open for Business Friday Night.
Concert Friday Evening at 8 o'Clock by the Emporium
Orchestra under Mr. John Marquardt.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 2, 1896.
A RARE COLLECTION
OF
TAPESTRY OIL PAINTINGS.
"Art Imitates nature" — in the world's greatest store to-
morrow night. Music and Art together in the Great Rotunda
will charm the senses.
The Greatest Exhibition of Tapestry Oil Paintings yet made
in San Francisco — For the first time — By Eastern and European
artists — The figures life size.
These Tapestry Oil Paintings will be sold by the Emporium
regardless of their original value. They will be seen to-
• morrow night for the first time on this coast, and will un-
doubtedly attract great attention. Among the subjects are ;
ZMgbfs Reflection Maud Midler
The Dream The Bootblack
Hope The Great
The Monogram School Girl
Love's Conquerors Music Lesson
Loves Wooing Psyche Surprised
jolly Cavaliers Sentimental Maiden
Saxon Belle Deer
The Tryst Ruins of Carthage
Belle and Swan Mother s Child
zAlone The Grandmother
Grecian Princess Love's Opportunity
In the Wine Cellar White Riding Hood
And 75 Others.
Fireworks for Home Exhibitions.
The " Glorious Fourth" Saturday — We are ready.
Are you ? Here for Fireworks, Flags, Bunting —
everything necessary to celebrate the Nation's birth-
day.
We Offer 1000 Assorted Cases of Best Quality of
FIREWORKS at the Actual Wholesale Price.
Insurance Underwriters will not allow us to carry them in this
beautiful store on account of the risk imurred, but we have got the
samples of the contents of each of these cases to show you and can
deliver them promptly.
V)ey are For Sale in assorted Case Lots only, and our prices
are smaller than a of Fireworks would ask you for one-
quarter ihe quantify they contain.
Case No. 1 93c
List Price $2.50,
Consists of 85 pieces — Roman Can-
dles, Batteries, Whistle Bombs, Rock-
ets, Serpents, Blue Lights, Flower
Pots, Triangle Wheels, Pin Wheels,
Redheads, Firecrackers, Cap Pistol
and Cap, Torpedoes.
Case No. 2 $1.94
List Price $6.50,
Consists of 140 pieces — Firecrackers,
Redheads, Gas Wells, Bengal Ruby
Lights. Pistol Caps, Torpedoes, Pin i
Wheels, Triangle Wheels, Blue
Lights, Roman Candles, Serpents,
Flower Pots, Rockets, Whistling
Bembs, Mines and Batteries, Chinese
Sprays and Punk.
These goods are larger than in
Case No. i.
Case No. 3 $2.84
List Price $9.00,
Consists of 140 pieces— Mount Vesu-
vius Fountain Mines, Ruby Torches,
Gas Wells, Whistling Bombs, Ser-
pents, Blue Lights, Flower Pots, Pin
Wheels, Vertical Wheels, Silver
Rain Fountains, Triangle Wheels,
Rockets, Volcanoes, Roman Candles,
Pistol and Caps, Torpedoes, Red-
heads, Firecrackers.
Firecrackers in Cases.
Crack- Per
Pkgs. ers. Case.
NalGoldChop 40 52 50
Shoofly, extra large 40 72 9100
California Extra 40 80 125
Small Pistol, 2H in. 10ng. . . .40 72 275
Large Pistol, 2Va in- long. ..40 80 350
Young America, 3Va in. long 20 20 2 00
Union, 4. in. long 20 20 300
Great Republic, 5 In. 10ng... 20 20 4 50
Gold Dragon, 8 In. long 10 10 600
Fireworks in the Sporting Gooi
A Twentieth \J£P ' Address all Mail Order
/> , &K&£l*&} Communications "Mail
|||, Century jfltlL? Order De P artment "
VJ^Lrf^^^^ Market Street,
<*^B^ San Francisco, Cal.
Case No. 5 $4.83
List Price $14. 50.
12 Colored Candles, large .........6-ba!l
6 Exhibition Candles...... 8 ball
6 Colored Star Rockets.. 4 or.
4 Colored Star Rockets « oz.
2 Colored Star Rockets. '.Boz.
1 China Flyer..... Iju-jre
1 Vertical Wheel.... ...........: Bin
1 Beneal Mght 14 m
1 Colored Triangle Wheel 141b
lMlneof Colored Stars.... ....*No 4
2 '•'lower Po ; sir
214-lb. Cans Red Fire .1. ."!"%».
2 1 4-lb. Cans Green Fire..... \/X m
1 Package Parade Fire...... ...:... R e ,i
1 Colored Rosette Wheel. "Extra
1 Colored Gey5er. .... . . . . .. ;-. •.. • " Small
1 Bundle Punk.. .........
ICase '....'."".".'..'.".'".■..'■.;;;
Case No. 677. . '. . $7.68
List Price $22.00. ,
12 Colored Candles, laree.. jk hall
6 Exhibition randies 8 hi I
6 Colored Star Rockets. "" 407
6 Colored Star Rockets.... *"kot"
4 Colored Star Rockets "14, m
1 China Flyer ""£lr™
1 Vertical Wheel . ' Sin
2 Triangle Wheels.. : " : i£ in*
1 TrittiKie Wheel ..".... " v f £"
2 Flower Pots... 61n
2 Bengal Lights ."' u«i
1 Package Parade Fire Ked
2 Cans Red Fire 1? £
1 Can Green Fire ;M;;""i? £
1 Can Blue Fire... ""'"vVm
1 Colored Star Mine ko.B
1 Colored Star Mine "*"*No.'e
1 Colored Sanclsson "'small
1 Colored Floral Bombshell .""small'
1 Bundle Punk ""' ™~ 1 ,
1 Case .'.'.'.'.'.' .'."!.■.■.■."■
Case No. 7 . . .. . .sli;sB
List Price $32.50.
12 Colored Candles, 1arge.. .... .... ... g ball
6 Exhibition Candles?....... ""2 ™"
3 Triplet Candles, No. 8 .■...."■ 24 ha
6 Colored Star R0cket5.......... * ' «°J,
6 Colored Star Rockets ""VJ, ttT
3 Duration Star Rockets- """UL iv'
1 Colored Triangle Wheel.... "" v "22 m
1 Colored Vertical Wheel... "'"""PS
1 Colored China F1yer. ........" V..1 Lar^P
1 Colored Rosette... fc«r'» heavy
1 Colored Star Mine........ • Jo -"™ heavy
1 Colored Meteor Mine. """ Wo- 7
1 Colored P.engal Lights .'.*'." V
2 Coored Flower Pots.. <?in
1 Colored Saucissoo .'.'."" Small
1 Colored Peyser. " r small
1 Package Parade Fire....... -■"■"■ j>«i
1 Can Red Fire. i,f m
1 Can Green Fire ' '■'"■"& m
1 Colored Floral Bombshell .'.'. Small
IS Punk "." 011 ««*-™^oi* «tar
1 Case.... ..■....!."!*.." .*.";!!*"""
is Section, Main Floor, Rear. . ■
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDdE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free: j'j
Dally and Sunday Cat.t, one week, by carrier.. SO. 15
Sally and Sunday Call one year, by ma 11.... 6*oo
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Calx* three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail.. 1.50 j
* Wiuilv- Cam., one year, by mail 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS. : -
Ira you going to the country on a vacation ? If
ia, It Is no trouble for as to forward THE CA IX to
your address. Do cot let it miss you for you will
miss it. C Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention. i
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street. I
Telephone Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until ',
•JO o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkls street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
few. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
HO MnUt street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
jSootas 31 and SO, 34 Park Row, New York Clt*
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY JULY 2, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PKKSIDENT-
WILLIAH McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB VICK-PRESIDENT-
GARREI A. HOBART, or New Jersey
ELECTION XOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Altgeld is the boss.
New York Democracy is no longer in the
band-wagon.
Whitney would now be very glad to have
the thing arbitrated. - - • .:
Bland and Boies had better pool their
issues and toss up for first place.
Stiver Dick brags on his cornfield hand
shake, bat the people wont shaCe.
Alt geld may declare for new silver, but
all the same his name means old gold.
»
Populists will not walk into the parlor
of the Democratic spider. They are too
fly.
Country people will find that tbe City
has spread herself for their benefit on the
Fourth. . -
Start the wheels of prosperity moving
and competing roads will flourish all over
California. "£" *'
After the Chicago convention is over St.
Louis will have another inning, and it will
be a big one.
Nobody can fool the people this year.
They are going to vote for prosperity all
over the Union.
If Democracy needs any more roasting
Chicago can be relied on to fnrnish the
weather to do it.
In preferring the leadership of Altgeld
to that of Whitney, Democracy shows
what it is made of.
Illinois will determine the fight at Chi
cago and then cast her electoral vote for
the PL Louis ticket.
Chicago will be tne best place in the
Union to skip next week and Monterey
the best place to visit.
The Cleveland administration hurt the
country but did not ruin it. The Glorious
Fourth is still with us.
If David Bennett Hill expects to raise
his head above the crowd at Chicago he
will have to climb a pole.
The only way for Populists to fuse with
Democrats is to leave the middle of the
road and take to the woods.
II the Chicago convention should result
in anarchy. Governor Alteeld can be
counted on to pardon it out.
According to the estimate of The Cail
correspondent who interviewed him, Alt
geld is cunning but not preat.
"A cause worth fighting for is worth
fighting for to the end," is Cleveland's
latest sonorous phrase, but he hasn't ex
plained to what end he is fighting.
The Southern Pacific Company swore it
couldn't, it shouldn't and it wouldn't re
duce freight rates in the Pan Joaquin, but
it did.
What grinds California Democracy is
the increasing evidence that the Illinois
boss is a bigger man than their own
Daggett.
The Democratic promise of a free-trade
boom was a free-trade bust, and their
promise of a free-silver bDora will end the
same way.
The announcement that Reea is to take
the stump for McKinley will surprise
nobody. The stalwarts are always to be
counted on.
Among yoor preparations for the Fourth
of July don't forget to clean up your back
yard and make yourself safe against the
uncertain firecracker.
The heads of the administrative depart
ments at Washington are hastening to
Chicago and Cleveland keeps on saying
nothing about offensive partisanship.
The experience of the past three years
Ehows the industries of this country can
never prosper without protection and,
therefore, the people will vote for protec
tion.
Now that the Southern Pacific has re
duced rates in competition with the Valley
road, the Railroad Commission should see
to it that the rates are made uniform
throughout the State.
The record of McKiniey, like the record
of the Republican party, ia one of true
Americanism, and that is the reason why
the party and the peoplo accept his leader
ship with enthusiasm.
It will be interesting to *atch the Demo
crats straddle tbe tariff issue and dodge
Lthe administration record, while trying to
make a race in a campaign where these!
things will be more talked of than any
thing else.
A DISCREDITED PARTY.
However the Democrats may shout for
free silver and bimetallism at Chicago,
there is little danger that the American
people will trust to their incompetent
hands the great cause of the restoration
of silver to its rightful place as- one of the
money metals of the world. That party
under its present leadership, at any rate,
cannot he trusted on any platform. The
measures which it advocates are not more
discredited than the men who advocate
them. The people will not trust a party
bossed by Altgeld and composed of men
■who will submit to such a boss. What
the country needs now is not only a policy
of good measures, but an administration
of men capable of right government.
It is fortunate for the country at this
juncture that the character of Democracy
and of its favorite leaders is so well under
stood. Without the experience of the last
three years many sincere supporters of
bimetallism would have been tempted to
vote for the Chicago ticket if it declares
for free silver. We have had that experi
ence, however, and no class of people have
forgotten it. It is known that the Demo
cratic party is an unorganizable mass of
discordant factions. It is incapable of
carryine out any policy. It is not only
unfit to govern, but cannot even administer
with success the routine business of Na
tional affairs.
Under these circumstances even the
mo9t ardent silver men will trust the Re
publican pledge to promote bimetallism
by international agreement rather than
Democracy no matter what it promises.
The Republican party can be counted on
to five the country a successful adminis
tration of public business. It will abolish
the deficit tariff. It will provide ample
revenues for the Government. It will re
sume the patriotic task of decreasing the
bonded debt which Democracy has in
, creased. It will protect American indus
try, revive trade and assure to every
workingman employment at good wages.
These things it will do without fail and
when it has done them it will go forward
to the great task of establishing a true
bimetallism without injury to any interest
of the country.
In the great work of statecraft men are
not less important than measures. The
most prosperous commonwealth can be
reduced to bad conditions if the Govern
ment is in the hands of incompetent men
who can do no more than meddle and
muddle. Great men are needed for great
tasks, and in party novernnient there must
be uarmony, organization and discipline
in the ranks and among the leaders, of the
party entrusted with the task of govern
ing. The people have had enough of
Democratic confusion under this adminis
tration, and will not repeat the experi
ment. They will not raise to office on any
platform tne party of such, discordant
elements as Brice and Bland, Whitney
and Altgeld, Gorman and Tilraan. They
will restore to power the party that knows
how to govern and govern rightly, the
party represented by the soldier candidate
McKinley — the party of patriotism, pro
tection and prosperity.
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.'
At the ripe old age of So Harriet Beecher
Stowe passed away yesterday. She stood in
the front rank of America's most distin
guished women. But she won her distinc
tion in the cause of human liberty, which
she labored for with subliae heroism. The
great heart of the woman went out in sad
ness yet with determination when she
saw for herself the withered fruits of
slavery, and all its fruits were withered,
she believed. Hence as a humanitarian
Harriet Beecher Stowe will live in bis-
Tory, and what greater legacy could she
have left those who shall follow her foot
steps in the work of righting human
wrongs and ia leading the worid upward
than a life spent in doing good?
There was just such inspiration as is
born of the eternai fitness of things that
prompted Mrs. Stowe to write "Uncle
Tom's Cabin." It was not a work of high
literary merit, and the authoress took the
greatest liberty with what is called the
Doet's and the novel writer's license to
draw upon the wildest imagination to
further intensify situations and environ
ment which surrounds characters pictured
by the brain. According to all the rules
of novel-makine. Mrs. Stowe was justified
in picturing smvery as she did in "Uncle
Tom's Cabin.'
But it so haprened that she had ma
terial facts enough for a true and substan
tial background. It may be said that she
took a picture already finished, but fin
ished in colors that were dark and dull,
and gave it warmth and glow and zeal.
And fortune favored her by laying in her
hands every thread of the social and po
litical fabric wnich destiny had commis
sioned her to unravel, separate and ex
pose. Public opinion was hesitating,
doubting and restless, and a picture of
that which was then in the fullness of ih>
might and strength was needed in colors
that should reveal in lignts and shadows
its inmost soul. Harriet Beecher Stowe un
dertook the work, and "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" was the finished product of her
effort.
MEXICO UNDER DIAZ.
Mexico wili have a Presidential election
next November, but there will not be a
very exciting campaign, for there is but
one candidate, Porfirio Diaz. Diaz was
made President in 1^77 after the manner
of makins Presidents in Mexico in those
dars, and at the expiration of his term in
1830 he visited the United States and
spent some time in studying our political
and economic ways and methods. He
came in a semi-official capacity, being
president of the Judicial Council, which
aided him very much in entering official
circles in this country. In ISM he was
again elected President of the republic,
again in 18S3 and again in 1892. If he
lives to complete his next terra he will
have served as President five terms, fonr
of them being continuous. At his own
suggestion the constitution was amended
during his first term, making it ineligible
for a President to succeed himself, but
after the lapse of one term he would be
eligible. But after Diaz was elected in
1884 h;s administration of the affairs of
the republic being so satisfactory to the
people, the constitution was again
amended so that he might serve two
terms, and just prior to the election in
1892 by a little twisting of the constitution
it was made to mean that President Dial
could serve several more terms.
It would not be fair to say that Porfirio
Diax is the only man in Mexico capable of
being President of the republic, but the
country ha 3 forged ahead so rapidly and
upon such substantial lines under his ad
ministration that there is no disposition
to make a change, and as he is perfectly
willing to stay right on at the head of the
iGoverament. and as he is not quite 66
years old, the chances are that he will
round out hia official life in 1900. No
doubt Mexico would have gone ahead
without the resolute determination of
Diaz to make the country a republic in
fact as well as in name, but it would have
been a slow process interwoven with revo
lutions. When Diaz became President in
1884' Mexico was bat little better than a
THE SAN FRAXCISCQ CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
great camp of the soldiers of men who had
political ambition, but by degrees they
were quieted down, and meanwhile Diaz
worked hard and succeeded in interesting
foreign capital in mining, railway and
other enterprises, which diverted the at
tention of the people from the thick-flying
pronunciamentoa oi faction leaders.
And now at the end of twelve years of
Continuous rule of President Diaz. Mexico
presents an orderly and industrious front,
with industrial and commercial enter
prises growing in every direction. How
well Europe and the United States know
this to be true is told in the constantly in
creasing output of Mexican home-made
goods and wares and the corresponding
decrease of merchandise imports. All
these years President Diaz has been work
ing Mexico up to where her home indus
tries would furnish a market for the prod
ucts of field and farm. That is to say,
President Diaz adopted the policy in 1884
of turning Mexico into a manufacturine
country, so that only such articles as
could not be made at home would be im
ported. The immense increase in manu
facture, mining, railwa}', commercial and
other wealth-buiiding agencies shows how
well his plans have worked. It is not sur
prising, in view of what has been done to
develop Mexico's resources in the past
dozen years, that the people want to keep
the man who has accomplished so much
at the head of the Nation.
THE ETHICS OF PROTECTION.
It is conceded by every one that it is the
duty of the Government to prevent the in
vasion of the country by objectionable
persons and diseases from other countries.
We object to such intrusion because it
would be hurtful to us. There is nothing
in common between the purpose of our po
litical and social establishments and
whatever is at war with their object.
Therefore whatever measures may be re
quired to protect them against their ene
mies the Government is bound to adopt,
because the Government is the expression
of the wiil of the people collectively.
That is to say, the Government is the
power and the will of the people central
ized, and its authority may be diminished
or increased at the pleasure of the people.
The purpose of the Declaration of Inde
pendence of July 4, 177t3, was to enable the
people to better protect themselves against
invaders of what they conceived to be
their natural rights, and a Government
was formed that there might be a union ot
effort under well-delined regulations.
If it is the duty of a people to Devise
ways and means to prevsnt the invasion
of their homes by men whose presence
would be harmful to the moral sense, and
the invasion of their homes by diseases
that would be harmful in a physical sense,
how is it that some will say that the right
to exclude those thing* which undermine
the home and destroy the product of labor
does not obtain in tue law of self-preserva
tion, which permits the erection of barriers
against moral and physical disease? If
the right obtains in the first instance, it
surely does in the second. All know what
protection against vicious characters and
diseases is for, but it appears there are
some who canuot see tSit there is an inti
mate relation between the consequence
attending the intrusion of hurtful social
and physical enemies and those intrusions
which despoil the product of labor.
The expanding productiveness of the
people of the Orient is reaching this way.
When the sons of China and Japan began
to pour into thi« country we thought little
of it. We now know to our sorrow what a
mistake we made in allowing this invasion
in such droves. But we are being con
fronted by an invasion of all our indus
trial markets by the product of the labor
of a people who are ju>t emerging from
primitive ways, but whose cunning
is quick to see tne advantage to
them which lies in our improved
machinery wnen combined with their
theory that 5 to '20 cents fora day of
twelve hours' work is munificent compen
sation. Already China and Japan are
counting upon a market in foreign lands
that shall make them the industrial
nations of the world, because no nation
whose operatives are not satisfied with a
cup of rice a dty for food and a few cents
a day for wages could compete with them
in an open market. Then ie; us close
our markets.
The people of the United States should
not lose sight of the ethical side of the
■iv.enion of the invasion of our country by
these antagonistic trade and social in
fluences. Protection to our mills and
factories and farms and labor is not all
there is of protection. If our industries
have to yield to the attacks of foreign
industrial enterprises and be placed on a
parity with them we may be sure that our
magnificent free-school Bystem, our church
facilities and our social and home life will
have to yield also that we may conform ia
all things to a power that we have per
mitted to dominate us. There is no com
parison between the standard of living
among the working people of the United
States and the cheap labor countries of the
world. A cup of ricn and 5 to 20 cents a
day is not our way of living, but if we
have to compete with people who do live
that way shall we not have to conform to
their ways and method:-?
BOBS ALTGELD.
The Democratic party has reached the
bottom of the shaft of degradation.
Altgeld has forced the party to decorate
him with the eraulets of supreme boss.
Tee people have been fervently praying
for a long lime for the downfall of the
Democracy, but they did not wi«h to see it
Altgelded to death. Were he such a man
as Hill or Whitney or Cleveland it would
be different, but to be driven like jo many
cattle by a man of Altgeld's dimensions is
lamentably tongh, as bad and wicked as
the party is. Bat it is just r>ossible that
the little l>oss is laying on the party whip
with too much viciousnessand thathemay
work up a revolt. He appears to hare no
respect for persons or principles. He orders
the old-time leaders about as a clown
would his trained animals. So to sj>eak,
he gives delegates to understand that
before they can expect to be recognized
they must call upon him and hare collars
titled to their necks.
There is some excuse, however, for the
way Aitgeld is treating Whitney and his
New York following. Last year Altgeld
asked the leader of the gold win* to attend
his silver convention, which wa» to be held
at Springfield, intimating that possibly all
differences could be adjusted and harmony
restored; but Whitney gave Altgeld to
understand that he regarded it an insult
to invite a "sound Democrat" to a gather
ing of silver freak?, wild asses and cross
eyed imbeciles. Of course, Whitney was
not far wrong in his measurement of the
Springneld gathering, but it was not good
politics to express himself so freely.
But anyw.y, Altgeld is running the
party for two purposes. Toe first and
foremost is to elect himself Governor of
Illinois. The second is to humiliat* Cleve
land and his friends end then drive them
out of the party. It appears that Altgeld
rather favors Bland for the nomination,
and it may be true, for the Missourian has
a very large following in Southern Illinois,
or Egrpt, as that part oi Urn £tate U
called, and influence and votes in Illinois
are what the little boss wants for his
State ticket. Douglas is fortunate in not
having lived to see the degeneracy of his
party.
PERSONAL.
R. E. Donohoe, a liveryman of Ukiah, is at
the Russ.
J. M. Manning, an attorney of Los Angeles, is
at the Grand.
Among the Russ guests is S. Risa, a Super
visor of Butte County.
Louis Dean, the Reno (Nev.) cattleman, is at
the Russ with his wife.
W. A. Allen of Santa Barbara is registered at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Simon Russek and wife of Jiminez, Mexico,
are guests at the Occidental.
F. D. Fraaer, a mine superintendent of Siiki
you County, has a room at the Russ.
L. G. Bunnell, an orchardist of Prattville, is
among the latest arrivals at the Russ.
Professor Herbert C. Nash, librarian of Stan
ford University, is at the Lick on a short visit
J. D. Carr, the well-known capitalist and
ranch-owner of Salinas, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are T. \V. Jackson and J. E. Fahey of
Sonora.
Dr. J. McLeish, a mine-owner of Chihnahua.
Mex., registered at the Grand yesterday with
his wife.
Treunor Coffin, attorney for the Bullion Bank
of Carson, Key., is at the Grand on a little
business trip.
Henry Frohman of the firm of Kohlberg,
Strauss & Frohman leaves the City on a busi
ness trip to-day.
A. F. Albert, a well-known traveling sales
man of Memphis, Term., is registered at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
T. C. Johnson, who raises fine stock and owns
ranch property near Pleasanton, is a recent
arrival at the Grand.
H. E. Holmes and G. 0. Holmes , who own a
large tannery in Sacramento, are among those
registered at the Grand.
George H. Eveiend, who conducts a general
merchandise business at Folsom, is registered
at the Russ with h>s wife.
Professor Charles B. Wing of the civil en
gineering department at Stanford University
is registered at the California.
J. H. Talge, J. H. Cowley and R. & Ballard,
well-known traveling salesmen of Missouri, are
guesu at the Cosmopolitan HoteL
E. Heavy and wife of Lodi arrived at the
Grand yesterday afternoon on their bridal trip.
Mr. Heavy it one of Lodi's business men.
George L. Fischer, manager of the Stockton
branctt of William T. Fuller & Co., is at the
Grand on one of his periodic business visits.
A. L, Hart, who was Attorney-General while
Governor Percins was California's chief execu
tive, and who is now a prominent lawyer of
Sacramento, arrived at the Grand yesterday
with his wife.
Timothy Hot/wins, the capitalist and founder
of the Hopkius Seaside Laboratory at Pacific
Grove aj an adjunct to Stanford University, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday from his country
home »t Alenlo Park.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminetti came down
from Jackson yeMerda y , made a Fhort stay at
the Grand, and took the evening train for
Chicago to attend the Democratic consultation j
ov^r me precarious condition of the party.
Edward de la Cuesta, a descendant of one
of the sterling old Spanish families of Santa
Barbara County, arrived at the Grand last
night in compauy with H. J. Longhlin, who is
engaged in a general merchandise business
at Santa Yne«, near which place the De la
Cuestas have a large ranch.
District Deputy Exalted Grand Ruler ol the
B. P. Elks of Caliiornia and Arizona Ernest
Ulman left for Cincinnati last evening to at
tond the session of the Grand Lodge of that
order to be held in that city July 7. During
hia term he has been successful in instituting
more lodges than any oi his predecessors.
Among the navy officers that arrived here
yester.lay, are: Jt.nn D. McDowell, registered
at the Baldwin; Paymaster CW. Littlefield,
registered at the Palace; \Y. YV. Gilmer and E.
T. Witherspoon, registered at the Occidental,
and R. Godfrey Brodrier, engineer of the U.
S. ?. Charleston, who is at the California.
A. Mackinto.-n, formerly president of a large
Seattle bank, and now interested in mining
properties in the Northwest, is a guest ut the
Lick. He is a member of the San Francisco
Gold Mining Exchange, and during the past
year has lived with his family near Menlo
Park, his son and his daughter being students
at Stanford University.
Frank A. Nankivell, the young artist, who
made his first reputation as a caricaturist on
the San Francisco Call, has been engaged by
Puck. He worked for a while on the Sew Yori
World and later on the Journal, his efforts
striking the fancy of the Puck people. Mr.
Nankivell Is considered one of the moit prom,
ising trtists of the metropolis, aud a great fu
ture is in store for him.— New York Fonrtn
Estate.
N. Andrews, agent at Colon, Panama, of the
Liverpool Steamship Company, arrived at the
Palace yesterday by way of Panama and the
coast. He is here on private business. Mr.
Andrews says that at present and for twelve
months past 1000 men have been at work, but
In rather a purposeless way, on the Panama
canal, which ne characterizes as a gigantic
conundrum that he and others not imme
diately connected with the enterprise have
long since given up as unsolvable.
C. 8. Baricg Gould, a cousin of a Baring
Gould, the English writer of historical novels
dealing with medieval times, is a guest at the
Palace. Mr. Gould is here to see the sights of
America and incidentally to be away from
Johannesburg, South Africa, during the un
certain storm aud stress period that has main
tained there for tome time. He says he has
met his cousin, who is an older man than him
self by many yea r*. This Mr. Goald has spent
a large part oi his life in South Africa con
nected in one way aud another with the dia
mond business the principal industry of that
country. He was a guest for a short time at
the Johannesburg Hotel with Mm. John Hays
Hammond, who he «ys spent her time worry
ing over the probable fate of her hUf baud. All
the best positions in Johannesburg are held
by Americans.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. N. V., July 1.-At the Bt
Cloud— H. J. Brand; Ashland- Mr. and Mrs
C. L. Carter; Ererett-E. E. Caswell; Impe
rial-Mrs. D. Dsvis, J. J. Gottlob; New Amster
dam-A. J. Dibble, B. H. Dibble, Mrs. C W.
Howard, Miss Howard; Astor— G. D. Korts, A.
*. Masgrave; St. James— J. F. WUsou; Bar^
tholdi— W. H. Gagon, T. McDonald, Barrett J.
Eldridge. Sailed for Cherbourg, Plymouth and
Hamburg per Hamburg packet steamer Colum
bia—Mrs. Caswell. James M. Daries, Mrs. Da
vies, Dr. R. C. Mayers, Miss E. Mayers.
THE BANNER REPUBLICAN PAPER.
Manchester (X. H.) Mirror.
The Mirror takes off its hat to the San Fran-
Cisco Call. The report of the St. Louis con
vention published after the final day's pro
ceedings a week ago this morning filled four
teen pages net of our contemporary, or ninety,
eight columns of cut* and reading matter. To
the Pacific Coast Tbb Call is what the Mirror
is to Northern New England, the banner Re
publican paper for news.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I dunno," said Farmer Corntossel, "but
what I'm wrong, but some o' these here publi
cations they gits op nowadays make me think
o' circuses."
"I don't quite see why," rejoined his wife.
"Thar don't seem ter be nothin' much to 'em
but the pictures an' most er them ain't so."—
Washington Star.
'•That's a lifelike picture of your little boy."
"I don't think so. The photographer made
him sit still."— Puck.
Mr. Swift-You told me that this horse was
without a fault, but I notice that one of his
eyes is blind.
Dealer— Sure, sorr, that's not his fault; ifs
his misfortune.— Vanity.
Lady— is it true that you hare fallen in lore
•with the PrincessT
Lieutenant— Quite Tight. I just wanted to
see for once how hopelea 1ot« feels.— FUejende
MUSIC &
MUSICIANS
The Brazilian papers contain news ot the
death of Carlos Gomes, the only composer from
the New World whose operas have ever held
their own on the Italian stage. 'II Guarany,"
his greatest work, is highly popular in Italy,
aud though the opera is unknown here, its
grand aria, "Ci era una volta un principe,"is
frequently sung by aspiring sopranos. A
Brazilian by birth and origin, Gomes was born
in Campinos in 1839. After studying in his
native land, the Emperor sent him to finish
his musical education in Italy. He went to
Milan and worked assiduously tvith Lauro
Rossi, who was then director oi the Conserva
tory. Gomes made his debut as a composer in
a little scene written on a libretto in the
Milanese dialect "Se sa minga" (one does not
know). A little song in this work about a gun
(it was early in 1967, after the campaign of Sa
dowa) was soon in every one's mouth and the
name of Gomes at once became popular.
In 1870 Gomes gave his first great work,
"II Gunrany," at the Scala, and the opera haa
held its own ever since. Hia second opera,
"Fosca," produced in 1573 at the Scala, made
a colossal fiasco, although Mme. Krauss, Mau
rel and Maini took the principal roles. He
wou success again with "Balvator Rosa" in
1874 and with "Mary Tudor," played at the
Scala in 1879. Although he possessed sterling
talent as a composer Gomes has been re
proached with imitating Verdi, Meyerbeer and
Gounod. The Brazilians were profoundly
proud of their compatriot, who had been the
only composer from this side to win fame in
tbe leading European lyric theaters.
On the request of the Emperor he made a
patriotic hymn, "11 Salnto del Brazil," (Brazil's
Greeting) tor the centenary fetes in Philadel
phia in 187 C, aud the work was pertormed in
that town with considerable success. Last year
Gomes refused to become director of the Musi
cal Conservatory of Pesaro, a position which
has B ince been accepted by Mascagni. He ac
cepted the position of director of the con
servatory of Para, which was offered him at
tbe same time. He was already failing in
he&ltn, however, and when he set out from
Italy to Braxil was obliged to delay bis jour
ney at Lisbon. At last he embarked, in spite
of the doctors' advice, but hardly had he ar
rived at Para than hia malady, which Lad
made rapid strides durinz the voyage, carried
him off in a few days.
The town of Arras, in Franco, has decided to
erect a monument to one vf its most famous
citizens, whose memory is lecoming obscured
In the mists of time. In his day he was &
famous troubadour, poet and musician, and is
still considered as one of the fathers
of the French theater and as the in
ventor of opera-comiqiie. This is A<Jam de la
Halle, known to history aa "The Hunchback of
Arras," although he was a well-formed man.
Adam was the author of a great number of
songs, rounds, motets and pastorals which
were full of grace, and lor which he wrote the
verses as well as the music. One of his little
scenic poems. 'Le Jeu d'Adam" (The Play of
Adam), is considered to be tne oldest French
comedy in existence, while another, "The Play
of Robin and of Marion," is the primitive and
rudimentary tyue of modern opera-comique,
although it takes us back a distance of GOO
years, to the end of the thirteenth century,
since Adam de la Halle died in l'_-
Jfaples, ivhither he had followed the fortunes
of Charles of Anjou. A committee has been
formed in Paris for the purpose of raising
funds for the monument, and on the 21st of
June a grand performance was given in the
theater of Arras, at which the existing works
of Adam were performed by artistes from the
Opera Comique, the Ccmedie Francaise, etc.,
and by this means a large sum was raised to
ward the monument fund.
Spiro ?amara. the young Greek composer,
whose two operss. "Martlre" and "Flora Mira
bilis," have obtained considerable success in
! Italy, is about to put into execution a cher-
I Spiro Samara, the Greek Composer, Who Is Trying to Make Athens a Great
Musical Center.
ished project of his. This is to revive a passion
for classical mutic in Athens. Samara intend!
I to have a grand symphony orchestra oi a hun
j dred artists, the personnel of which he is al
ready recruiting in Italy and France. He will
take up bis abode in Athens next December,
with the intention of directing his orchestra
and devoting the rest of his life to advancing
the musical interests of his native land. Early
next year he hopes to augment his orchestra
with a grand chorus.
"It appears," says Le Menestre'., "that the
instruction is not always extremely brilliant
in the Classes at the Conservatory in the City
of Mexico. At present they are citing the case
of a young singer, who alter having obtained
| the first prize as the result of seven years'
| study, was sent to Italy for a few finishing les
sons, and was obliged to recommence her mu
sical education entirely. On account of such
things aa this, the music-lovers of the Mexican
capital are about to establish a rival conserva
tory to the official one, where musical education
will be gratuitous and where the results will
be more appreciable than in the case of the ex
isting institution. At present there exist in
the City oi Mexico three quartet societies,
whose concerts form the delight cf amateurs.
There are the Conservatory Quartet, the Saloma
Quartet and that of the Philharmonic Society,
which is said to be the best."
The barytone, La*seUe. has bidden adieu to
the stage to devote himself to commerce, and
now it appears that the tenor Tamagno is
about to abandon the scene of his triumphs to
spend the rest oi his days in farming. At least
a Montevideo newspaper, L'ltalia a Piata,
gives that news in the following terms: "Ac
cording to statements gathered from Tam
agno s owa mouth, this great tenor liasde
cided to purchase an estate in the Argentina
in order to devote himself to agriculture and
establish himself permanently in the country
that has showered so many honors upon him.
In fact, he is filled with enthusiasm for the
Argentine Republic and for its rulers, among
whom he counts many sincere friends."
Mme. Norman Neruda (Lady Halle), the
violinist, has just celebrated the fiftieth
anuiversarv of her first public appearance and
[the twenty-fifth of her English debut. A conp
mittee. with the Prince of Wales as president,
was formed to offer her a j obilee present, and
so large were the subscriptions that the com
mittee was able to purchase a castle and Its
dependencies near Trevise and to furnish it.
The title deeds of the estate were presented to
Lfldy Halle in a superb case, which con
tained also a little check for £500, the
residue of the snm realized by the committee.
I Tne popular artist has not yet laid down her
bow, and if sbe goes on it will be interesting
to see what will be presented to her in another
ten rears.
A young composer of great promise, Miss
Antoinette Untersteiner, has just died at
Milan. She was born at Constantinople, of an
Italian family, in spite of the German form of
her name, and received her musical educa
tion at tbe Milan Conservatory. She waa a
distinguished pianiste, but gave herself up
with ardor to composition. Among other
works she wrote a dramatic scene, "Sul Bal
tico," and a symphonic poem entitled "God
and Satan." At the time of her death she was
working on an opera. Tbe young lady's pre
mature end is deeply regretted, as sne was
considered one of the most promising of the
new female composers.
Rosario Termini, a popular Italian tenor,
has been assassinated in Palermo. As he was
driving home at night from the tneater, and
hod reached the end of Liberty street, near
the Villa Cuccia, four pistol shots were heard
out of the darkness. The tenor fell, struck to
the heart, and died a few minutes after. Up to
the present no trace of the murderer has been
discovered, and the police are ignorant of the
cause ot the crime, though it is believed to
have been an act of personal vengeance.
Henri Cain, Mme. Calves fiance, continues
to distinguish himself, both as painter and
librettist. Massenet's "Cinderella," for which
be has written the book, is about to be put into
rehearsal at the Opera Oomique, Paris, and he
has just been awarded a medal at the Salon
for his painting, "St. George and the Dragon."
The direction of the Conservatory ol The
Hague, liming become vacant through the
death of W. F. G. Xicolai, has been conferred
on Henry Viotta, a lawyer-musician, who bin
I published a technical and biographical musi
i cal dictionary, the Dutch title of which is
"Lexikon der Toonkunst.'
The position of principal of the Guildhall
I School of Music. London, which has been va
[ cant for some months, after being keenly com
| peted for by a host of candidates, has at last
| been given to William Hay man Cummings.
This choice has given general satisfaction.
The Royal Opera of Copenhagen is making
I grand preparations for the production of a
! new opera in three acts, entitled "Dyveke."
The libretto is by Kinar Christiansen, and the
riusic by Jean Bartholdy.
"Crispino c La Comare," a comic opera in
three acts, will be produced at the Standard
I Theater next Sunday evening by a local Ital
i ihn operatic company, which includes some
v- ry talented performers. There will be a
[ chorus of twenty-live voices and Professor G.
Martinez will be tne musical director. The
cast is as follows: Crispino, G. Panizza; An
netta. Flora Peterman; Comare. Lillie Doug
lass; Fabrizis, G. Almagia; Mirabolano, G. Di
Grazia; Contino, G. Bertini; A. Grella, A.
Biagi, F. Daniele, comprimarli.
AN IDLE FELLOW.
Some folks, they say I'm lazy.
An' fond o' loann' round;
Think too much of a daisy
To plough it out the ground: -
Would rather 101 l an' listen -
Where the dews air drippln' down
An' the rivers sine an' glisten.
Than drive the mules to town.
The folks air right, I reckon:
Can't nathin' make me star
When I see the preen trees beckon
From the medd>rs far away. -
Wben the cattle bells air rimelnc.
Where the trass waves wild and free.
An' the mockin' birds air aingln'
Like they're sine in' right at me I
The good Lord said the lilies
Didn't toil an' didn't spin. • "
An' I kinder think his will Is
I should take the nines in ! '
An' 1 think th« world mast need 'em
In the sunshine an* the storm, -
For he scads his dews to feed 'em
An* h s light to keep 'em warm.
I was born to be a rover,
Fer I love the woods t tie best.
An' a dewy bed o clover
Is toe sweetest fer my rest;
Ad' I'd rather see above ma
A blue sky bendin' down
Where the lilli«s leas an* love rae.
Than drive the males to town :
- —Atlanta Constitution,
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
It is reported that the Prince of Wales alto
gether netted $250,000 by his Derby victory.
Little Prince Edward of York goes by the
sobriquet of "Kiug Dand" at Marlborough
House. °
Queen Victoria is no longer able to walk out
to *» her old friends, ; the cottagers. A* a
matter of fact, she cannot ttka Any. walling
exercise, and can only cross the room with the
assistance of her stick and an attendant.
The Duke of Atholl is the only nobleman
who clothes his men servants in Highland
dress in London.
Naturally, perhaps, the English papers de
clare that the Czarina is the most beautiful
sovereign in Europe. \
FETING AN AMERICAN EDITOR
Mr. Bok, one of the best known of the
younger American editors, has bt-en having a
"good time" daring his stay in London. Lady
Morell Mackenzie gave a dinner in his honor,
and later entertained him with a country
house party at her r la ce at Wargrave. Sir
Douglas Straight invited a party of
friends to take the young editor on
bis private steam launch for a cruise on
the Themes. Sir Douglas also entertained
Mr. Bok at dinner a few evenings ago. Mrs. C.
D.Gibson gtive him a luncheon; he led tbe
Portland House cotillon with the young
Duchess of Marlborough, while Anthony
Hope. Jerome K. Jerome, Sir Arthur Sullivan
and Beerbohm Tree have all entertained him.
Last Sunday week Mr. Bok was the special
guest of Mme. Adellna Patti a; a luncheon of
thirty.
A TRAVELING COSTUME.
Tailor effects are always to the front for
traveling costumes, and the Norfolk jacket is
a favorite model. Cheviots, tweeds, serges
and the novelty wools are used for these ser
viceable gowns that are appropriate for general
wear as well as for traveling.
The waist shown here ha* a fitted lining, the
goods being fitted by the pleats. The sleeves
are of the leg-o'-mutton shape, of generous
proportions. The skirt, cut with a circular
front and two gores in the back, which are laid
in box-pleats. The only stiffening used now is
a band from fire to ten inches deep all around
the Dottom. Haircloth wears best, but canvas,
wireine and many other substances are used.
Mixed woolen goods are much liked, and the
top of each pleat may be decked with tiny gilt
or smoked-pearl buttons. The favorite leather
belt looks extremely well on such a gown.
A blue serge gown had each pleat stitched
along the edges with white thread and was
worn with a white belt.
A tan mixture had each pleat bound with
light-brown leather, and was worn with an
inch-wide belt of the same leather.
This style of waist is much used for bicycle
costumes, and the leather trimmings just de
scribed are especially pretty on these, the skirt
being bound with the same leather.
The skirt shown in this Illustration is the
favorite of the newest shapes, and is used for
separate skirts as well as tor costumes of one
fabric.
The waist pattern is No. 7833 and Is cut in
six sizes for 30 to 42 inches bust measure. A
medium size require* 3J£ yards of 42-inch
goods.
The skirt pattern is No. 7637, and is cut in
six sizes for 20 to 30 inches, waist measure.
A medium size requires 5 yards of 44-inch
goods. ' ■
Soft Baby Cream 15c. Ib. Townsend's. •
-•m • • i
A nice present— Townsend's California Glace
fruit, 50c. lb., in Jap baskets. 627 Market. •
Try Townsend's Soft Chewing Molasses Taffy*
. - — ♦ — »
To enjoy the Fourth take a basket of Town
send's Cream Mixed Candies, 25c. a pound. •
•—• — « — » ■ .■ . -
Glasses 15c. 733Mrkt. Sunday Kast shoo store.
. •—• — ♦ — •
. Ip you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pacific Carriage
Company. *
• ♦ «
Special information daily to manufaatarsrt.
business houses and public men by tha Prssi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. •
■ •—• — • — «
Why the Count Loves Annie.
Concord Son.
"What make* the Count love Anna so?" the
simple maidens err. "Oh, Anna has the
dough, you know," the knowing ones reply.
Are You Going East*
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa F»
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line,, owing to its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted lor the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ins-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531.
• _ „„ — — » / - - . .
Official Route to Democratic Nation*
Convention, Chicago.
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern lines. Train carrying California
delegates will leave San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. it
Special rate for the rcucd trip to Chicago 972.50.
Tickets on sate Jane 30 and July 1.
Sleeping-car reservation* now on sale at Union
Pacific office, 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommocatioas. D. W. Hitch
cock, General Agent, San Francisco.
Northern Pacific Railroad.
■ Parties attending the Democratic Xatiosal Con-
VCnUoo at Chicago, the Christian Eodeavorers at
Washington and National Educational Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars Inquire ol
T. X. Stateler, Gen. Agt.. 638 Market sL, S. P.
Womkjj avoid suffering by using Paish'i
GisfiSß Toxic, as it is adapted to their Ul*.
Pakkkk s Haib Balsam aids the h*ir growth.
By adding 20 drops of Dr. Siegert'a Angostura
Bitters to every glass diseases from drinking polio
ted water are avoided.
Begix to use AVer's Hair Vigor now. and by
the next Fourth of July your hair will be «•
thing of beauty.'
No Fakes
Myrtle Point (Or.) Enterprise.
The San Francisco Call publishes the Tnited
Press dispatches, in which there are no fake*.
You may not read so much trashy sensations
ir. The Call as in the other San F'rar.ciscopa
pers, out what you read you can eour: : on.
■J __ _ _' Q, SEV t TO-DAY.
I GAIL BORDEN I
I EAGLE Brand
§ -CONDENSED MUX. §
I Has No Equal I
I SOLD EVERYWHERE f|
flj,^. -. "The Best in the World, '
&Y^ 'Is n °t too much to say of the Her-
«n»,\ . ctrtKiGAS and Gasolink Exsinks.
VHrl We keep up with the latest improve-
r' The Best in the World"
Is not too much to say off the Heb-
ctxes Gas and Gasolink Enoisks.
Wo keep up with the latest improve-
ments and are ahead of all competi-
«9 tors. Send for Catalogue and Price List
to
If \-' American Type Founders* Co, -
IV ".-'-■" Saosome Street, ■ r^
i . San Francisco, ChLTHURSDAY JULY 2. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
CAiiroßXiA Thkatkr.-"A Bunch of Violet*"
CcxmßiA a bkatkb— "His Wife's Father."
juor.osco's orKRA-HoußK— -One of the Bravest"
1 jvni.i orFFA-HorfK.— "A Trip to the Moon. 1 •
rrrnn-v- Hlpti-Clsjis Vandeville.
I'ark Thvatkr— Grove street, between Polk
nnd Van Ness aye.— "The Rambler from Clare."
I'Fiin.E's Pai-ack Thkateb— Boxing, Sunday
evening. July 5.
BtTOO Baths— Bathing and performances.
Minor the Chutes— Daily at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
IVSUBIVB Track— Trotting Races.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Exccßsros— To Monterey, Friday, Jnly 8.
ExctKsioN— By the Southern Pacific Company,
Baiurdav, July 4.
AUCTION iALES.
By Fkan-k W, Bcttkehkld — This day
(Thursday), Furniture, at 330 Oak street, at 11
o'clock.
Ft E. S. Spear & Co.— This day (Thursday).
French I '• lacati ssen Store, at 1637 Polk street,
at 11 o'clock.
By S. Basch— This day (Thursday), Furniture,
at 319 butter street, at 10:80 o'clock.
By M. J. Mcßridk— This day (Thursday),
Horses, at 507 Jessie street, at 11 o'clock.
By auvn Cowan- Friday), Jnly 3, Furniture,
at 913 Powell streel, it 1 1 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
P. D. Linville has a squad of policeman who
patrol housetops.
Several of the labor unions held elections of
officers iast evening.
The new Italian Consul-General began his
official duties yesterday.
The Committee on Rules of the Board of
Education held a meeting last evening.
L'ltalla, a leading Italian newspaper, will
this afternoon declare itself to be lor suffrage.
J. P. Norman has filed a petition in insol
vency. He owes $753 and has no available
assets.
A branch of the Free Public Library at 1126
Kentucky street was slightly damaged by tire
yesterday.
The trial of the damage suit of Thornton
seainst Auzerais is proceeding in Judge
Troutt 1 s court.
W. Cullen, property clerk of the Police De
partment, died yesterday afternoon in his
seventy-fifth year.
Winnifred Barron, who has been trying to
get some of Edward Barron's millions, is being
sued for a small rent.
Selma Lindeni tadt has applied for le UK i of
guardianship in the estate of Ernesiin • New
man, an insane person.
The Weather Bureau forecasts f< 1 t>-day:
"Fair; light westerly winds, incie* ing in
force in the afternoon."
The taking of testimony in th Ashley-
Baldwin trial will close and tin qMt will be
submitted this morning.
The Prohibition County Committee will hold
a convention this evening for the purpose of
putting a municipal ticket In the field.
The trotting events at Ingleside were again
well attended yesterday. Sola, Clay 8, Addi-
Fon and Humboldt Maid all earned money.
Fannie Reynolds has applied for letters of
administration on the estate of Maria Rey
nolds, who left property valued at about
?JOOO.
The Board of Health sent a letter to the Ma
rine Hospital Service yesterday, which shows
an intention to inspect vessels regardless of
the Federal quarantine.
Dennis Noonan. a sick and destitute seaman,
= >ys he was unjustly refused admittance into
the Sailors' Home by Superintendent Staples,
'■, ho does not like Americans.
Next week a party of socialist lecturers will
start out in a red wagon-house to tour the
Sate and lecture on socialism. Large quanti
ties of socialist literature will be distributed
gratis along the route.
In the trial yesterday of Becker and Creegan
for forgery. F. S. Seaver, alias A. H. Dean, tes
tified that the plans for the forgery were made
by himself and Creegan and that Becker was
to do the "artistic work."
R. Schneider, living at 32 Louisa street, got
three fineer? ot his left hand mangled in a tin
press at W. V{. Montague's establishment yes
terday morning. They had to be amputated
at the Receiving Hospital.
The Hibernia Bank reduced its summer
dividend to 3% per cent. Bankers say that the
silver question has defeated all efforts of fore
casting the future, and almost demoralized
banking at the present time.
President Sonoda of the Yokohama Specie
Bank, who is en route to London to arrange
for receiving the next installment of the war
Indemnity from China, predicts a great in
crease of trade between the United States and
Japan.
A member of the Civic Federation when
seen yesterday about the Smith-Gallagher con
test saia it would be prevented if possible, but
he was not positive tn&t such could be done.
••Young" Mitchell was sanguine of bringing
off the event.
The Associated Improvement Clubs thor
oughly discussed last night the two questions,
the tax levy and the proposed new charter,
being addressed on the latter question by
President Dohrmann and Secretary Freud of
the Merchants' Association.
PARISHIONERS' REUNION
Members of St. Francis Parish to Have
a Day's Gating at Fruit
vale.
There will be a grand reunion of the
parishioners of St. Francis parish at Plitts
ville Park, Fruitvale, next Saturday. Con
siderable interest is being shown in the
event and, as the various committees of
arrangements have labored assiduously
for the complete success of the day, it is
stated confidently that St. Francis parish
will be represented by over 1000 of its
members on the greensward near Fruit
vale.
This being the first social gathering and
outing since their new pastor, Rev. Terence
Caraher, asaumed control of the parish,
the belief prevails that many will meet
him on the grounds. Then, too, his en
thusiasm and force will be infused into the
gathering, and altogether it will be a
happy affair.
The picnickers may travel to the grounds
every half hour by the Oakland broad
gauge to Fruitvale station, and the cost of
tickets has been placed at a minimum
50 cents for adults and 25 cents for chil
dren.
As many as seventy-eight gate prizes
have been donated, mostly by people in
the parish, and several prizes will be
offered for competition in games.
The programme of athletic events 1b as
follows :
Race for boyi under 14 ; race for girli under
14 ; race for young me:. ; race for young ladies ;
race for marriea men; race for married ladies;
fat men's race, over 200 pounds; fat ladies'
race, over 200 pounds; race for boys, 14 to 18*
race for members L. C. C. ; throwing heavy
weight, 56 pounds; running hop, step and
jump; running jump.
The committees of arrangement and
management of the outing are :
General— P. Buckley (chairman), T B Hil
lard (secretary), Patrick Connor. John Kellv
Jr., J J. Duddy, M. Golden, f B HiUard
i'eter Quirk, John O'Doiinell, M. B. Carr An
tont.- Connicb, Frank -Murray, 8. Sullivan P
Thornton, Joseph A. Murphy, John Cronlev'
T. Burns, J. Kilcommon, John Fleming Hue'h
Curran. Charles J. Green, P. A. Buckley Ed
mund Foley, James McClure. Edw T Kvau
(Jeorgc- Hornsmat/., Patrii k Brown, M. Thorn
ton. William M. Gillespie, John Gleeson D
Dowd J. M.Cunningham, John Brusher.John
F. < al.agban, 1). McCullough, George Ryan, M.
McGhnchy, John Boyle.
Keccption— John Kelly Jr., James Mullin
J. McClure. C. J. Green, J. M. Cunningham, P*
Connor, John Kilcommon. John J Green
Floor— Floor nianugur, P. A. Buckley: as
-.-•ant floor manager, John Gleason: Peter
Quirk Jr.. H. Connlch, M. J. Hodge, T. B.
H.llard, Anthony Curran, John McCullough.
Games — Chairman John J. Duddy, John
Brusher, T. Burns, M. Golden, D. McCullough,
£■ T. Ryan, M. Thornton.
The Divorce Court.
Charles E.Gill was yesterday granted a di
vorce from Cora E. Gill by. Judge Senwell. It
whs proven that the latter willfully deserted
her husband.
Judge Troutt divorced Mrs. E. E. Shearer
from J. L. Shearer because, of the defendant's
extreme cruelty. - ■ ' "
Judge Hebbard separated Marion E Hicks
'*?», Robert M. Hick* because of defendant's
willful neglect- ' '.■■■■-'■JSMBSfS?*&Bi
New divurce suits were filed by Agnes Bourke
«fiin S . er « a , n , Bourke aDd by ' Ida Kellen
againnt W. H. Kclleu. - ....
AFTER A TWO YEARS' SOJOURN IN FOREIGN WATERS THE UNITED STATES CRUISER CHARLESTON HAS ONCE MORE REACHED HER BIRTH
PLACE. SHE PRESENTED A VERY PRETTY APPEARANCE IN THE BAY YESTERDAY MORNING WITH HER LONG HOME PENNANT FLYING.
THE CHARLESTON
IS HOME AGAIN,
After Two Years' Absence
She Once More
Reaches Port
HAD SEVERAL MISHAPS.
Built by the Scotts, She Is
the Pride of the Union
Iron Works.
JAPANESE INVASION PROBABLE
Chinese Are Driving Them Out of
Hawaii and They Are Coming
to California.
"Home again from a foreign shore," was
the refrain that every sailor on the United
States cruiser Charleston was singing
as the "pride of the Union Iron
Works" steamed in through the Golaen
Gate yesterday. Without being pressed,
she has made the run from Yokohama, via
Honolulu, in nineteen days and six hours,
and Captain Coffin is more than satisfied.
Frem Yokohama to Honolulu the run was
made in eleven days and three hours, and
from Honolulu to San Francisco in eight
days and three hours, and then the vessel
was only under half steam.
The officers of the cruiser are:
Captain, George W. Coffin; lieutenant-com
mander. W. H. Reeder; lieutenants, G. A. Cal
houn, Alex Sharp Jr., G. H. Stafford, W. P.
White; lieutenants junior grade, W. S Simms,
J. D. McDonald, C. S. Williams; ensigns, E. G.
Witherspoon, H. E. Smith; surueon, C. W,
Gravatt; assistant surgeon, R. G. Brodrick ;
paymaster, C. W. LittlefieM ; chief engineer, C.
J. MacConnell; passed assistant engineers, B.
H. Leomirrl. C. H. Mathews; assistant engineer,
A. T. Holmes; first lieutenant of marines. B. >.
Neumann ; pay officer's clerk, W. Rea Pattison ;
gunner, George Cross; carpenter, George H.
Warford.
She carries a crew of 260 ail told.
The Charleston has been away from
American waters for nearly two years, so
it is no wonder the men were glad to get
home. As she moved up to her anchor
age her enormous homeward-bound pen
nant floated away astern, and the men
evidently took great pride in it.
When on duty in Japanese waters the
Charleston disabled one of her cylinders.
She was tied up nnd a new one ordered
from San Francisco. When it arrived
and a test was made it also proved defec
tive, so another order had to be sent on.
The second cylinder proved to be all right,
but the Navy Department would take no
chances, so the vessel was ordered home.
She will probably go on the Mare Isiand
drydock lor a thorough overhauling.
The crew of the cruder were spectators
at the navul battle between the Japanese
and Chinese fleets at Wei Hai Wei, but
they have nothing new to tell about the
encounter. The Charleston is anchored
off Folsom-street wharf, just abreast of
the Comanche.
The whalebacfc City of Everett met with
a mishap as she was docking at Mission 2
yesterday. A strone flood tide was run
ntnir, out Captain Buckruan thought he
could make his landing without any
trouble. His breast lines were out, and
all went well until the tide caught the
vessel and swung her stern around under
Howard-street wharf. The dolphin and
many of the piles carried away and the
wharf was otherwise damaged, but the
whaleback was uninjured and was berthed
without any further trouble.
The Pacitic Mail Company's steamship
San Jose sailed for Central American
ports yesterday. She will go as far as La
Libertad, and "will clear up all the delayed
freight along the line. She carried no
passengers. Captain Russell, formerly of
the Rio de Janeiro nnd Acapulco, went out
aa master.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company started running two
steamers betw- en here and Stockton ves
ter.lay. When the T. C. Walker and Mary
Garreti are leaving San Francisco the J.
D. Pe_3rs and Leader will be leaving
Stockton. The Walker and Peters will
make almost direct runs, but the Garrett
and Leader will stop at ah the landings in
oider to pick up freight. Heavy ship
ments of fruit are expected thio month,
and the company is setting ready to
handle the business.
Harbor Commissioner Cole was around
tiie water front again yesterday. He only
got back from St. Louis last Tuesday
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTJBSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
nicht. but he lost no time in getting into
harness again. ''Uncle Dan" is an ardent
MeKinley man and says the man from
Ohio is a sure winner.
In spite of last Monday's disaster the
raisers of the Blairmore have not lost
heart. Yesterday they were hard at work
again and by Sunday everything will be
ready for another trial. Extra precau
tions are being taken and a success is
again expected. The vessel's position has
been considerably changed during the
pnst week and she is now almost opposite
Butcbertown.
Double shifts are belnp worked on the
steamer Gaelic in order to get ber away
on time this afternoon. She was three
days late in getting in, owing to stopping
at Honolulu to land Chinese. In future
two out of every three mail steamers on
the Chinese route will stop at Honolulu
for the same purpose. The Hawaiian
Government does not wish the Japanese
to have the franchise and in consequence
thousands of them will have to seek fresh
fields and pastures new.
The planters are gradually supplying
their places with Chinese labor and incon
sequence every steamer that leaves Hong
kong has at lean 500 Chinese coolies
aboard for the Paradise of the Pacific. The
worst of it is, howover, that the Japs who
cannot get employment any more in
Hawaii are coming to California, so the
orchartlists and vineyardists will have no
lack of cheap labor this season.
Will E. Beach, the popular ticket clerk
at the Southern Pacific ferry depot, was
reinstated yesterday. Some months ago
he was accused of "standing in" with the
scalpers and was suspended. The accu«a
tion was shown to be unfounded and Will
is back at his old post again.
FOR THE CONVENTION.
The Subscriptions Received Yesterday
Toward Securing the Big Gather
ing of Eudeavorers.
Following is the status of the subscrip
tion fund to the great Christian Endeavor
Convention of 1897:
Previously reported $18,115
Retail Lumbermen's Association. 500
Hutter-stree: Railroad Company 300
James D. Phelan 100
Barnard Horn ioq
Raphael's (Incorporated) 100
stem. Simon A Co 100
Rfiss Bros. A Co 50
Jlrywood Bros «J5
G. I*. Daniels 20
Total f19,410
IN THE MORTAR BEDS,
The Civil Engineers Take an
Outing and Visit the Pre
sidio Fortifications.
Closed the Day's Doings With a Lunch
at the Cl ff House and a
Drive Home.
Those members of the American Society
of Civil Engineers who cared to entrust
their safety and pleasure to Local Man
ager Curtis of the Southern Pacific Com
pany visited the Presidio yesterday at
noon.
The time for the meeting bad been set
for 9 o'clock in the morning, but the Cur
tis end of the caravan being three houro
late two distinct parties were in the Held.
General W. M. Graham, in charge of the
Government troops on this coast, was most
gracious. He placed his officers and men
at the disposal of his guests, and every
thing worth scientific inspection on the
grounds and underneath, for that matter,
was seen.
The "mortar beds," situated in sub
terranean passages near Black Point, were
of most interest to the visitors; also the
dynamite guns, one of which was charged
with an air-pressure of 200 pounds from
the 2000-pound chamber and tired. No
missile, however, was placeJ in the mon
ster's jaw. The air-pressure being re
lieved by pulling a string gushed out with
force enough to deafen those people near
est tne cannon and gave a fair idea of the
terrific explosion wnich would ensue with
a 2000-pound pressure and a few hundreds
of pounds of dynamite.
Tne party drove through the Presidio
grounds and Golden Gate ParK, and
lunched at the Cliff House, after having
visited the Olympic Club Ba!t Water
Works on the beach.
After a short visit to Mayor Sutro's
beautiful home the run home was made
late in the afternoon.
The Sutro Scenic Railway.
A new attraction has been added to the
many now at the Sutro Pleasure Grounds,
I namely, "The Sceuic Railway." A trial trip
will be made to-day, and the grand opening
will take place on the Fourth of July.
The railway will run from 11 a. m. until 11
p. m. on the opening day.
N. P. U. B. R.
Excursion tickets (via SausaHto ferry) to the
giant redwood forests of Marin and Sonoma
counties, good irom July 3to 8. Fourth of
July trains run on Sunday time and rates. *
HURRICANES AND
THUNDER STORMS,
The Big British Ship Was
dale Reaches Port
at Last.
CONSIDERABLY OVERDUE
Over Twenty Per Cent Reinsur
ance Was Paid on Her
Last Week.
SHE HAD A TERRIBLE TIME.
Boats Were Smashed, Cargo Shifted
and Nearly all the Railing
Carried Away.
After bucking head winds and cross seas
for 151 days, the British ship Wasdale
finally reached port last evening. She is
; from Newcastle, En*., and for over a week
■ has been classed among the "overdnes."
\ From 20 to 25 per cent reinsurance has
! been paid on her, so the gamblers are
pleased.
The story of the Wasdale's trip is a most
interesting one, and Captain Fisher tells
it in a graphic manner. It is as follows:
"We left the Tyne at 4 p. m., January 31,
• and had moderate variable winds down
the channel, which continued to 33 deg.
north 24 <leg. 9 mm. west, then northeast
winds very light to the equator, which we
crossed in 27 deg. west, thirty-'ix dnvs out.
Here we got the southeast trades, which
were very light throughout and were lost
in 18 deg. 8 mm. sout. 1 and 3(3 (leg. west, and
from there to Staten Island we had lisrut
variable winds and remarkably tine
weather, with smooth sea.
"Si^htel Staten Island April 12, seventy
two days out, from which we had a suc
cession of heavy gales from west to west
north-west and very nigh, dangerous sea.
"On April 21, at 10:30 p.m., our yard
arms and mastheads were lit up with balls
of tire, and at 11 :30 p. m. we were struck by
a furious hurricane, which continued for
twenty hours, and which kept the lee side
buried, damaged all our running gear,
smashed both side lights and starboard
poop rail, broke in side ports and deluged
half deck.
"At noon on the 22d had to cut away the
lower foretopsail to relieve the ship." At
thi3 time the sea was breaking frightfully,
causing the ship to lurch very heavily,
and settling the cargo of coke to leeward
slightly. After 6p. m. the gale began to
moderate. The lowest reading of the
barometer and aneroid were both 27.56.
"Hud a continuance of very heavy gales
until May 4, latitude 48.07 south, longitude
80.04 west, then more moderate and vari
able to May 12, latitude 33.40 south, lon
gitude 97 west, when we liad a furious
gale and terrific cross sea, which com
menced suddenly from a light breeze and
heavy rain at east-northeast, but shifting
rapidly to north and northwest, having
to keep dead before it to reduce sail, hove
to with ship's head to the eastward under
goose-winged fore and mizzen topsails,
when it quickly moderated and had ihen
beautiful tine weather and light winds to
the equator, which was crossed on June 2
in 120 west longitude, 123 days out.
"Tuesday, April 21, at noon, with the
aneroid and barometer at 29.04, had a
strong breeze and rain, with high westerly
seas. Ship under reefed topsails and
foresail. Wind about north and hauling,
at 4p. m, to north-northeast, and glass
falling slowly. Weather dark and rainy.
At 7:15 p. m. the glass was 28.66, and at
Bp. m. 28.58, and beginning to fall very
rapidly. Called all bands and put
the ship under two lower topsails
and foretopmast staysail, after which
the weather cleared away con
siderably and looked much" better,
but at 10:30 p. m. the glass was 27.17 and a
squall making np in the northwest, the
mastheads and upper yard arms were all
lit up, the squall coming with terrific vio
lence and striking the ship partly aback
with the helm hard up. but doing no dam
age. At midnicht ttot the foretopmast stay
sail down and made fast; glass 28.11. Gave
orders to take in fore lower topsail if we
had a lull, but dare not attempt to start
it. At 4a. m. weather still the same and
glass 27.59.
"At 5 a. m. the ship was struck in the
starboard mizzen rigging by a terrific sea,
smashing two side ports in entirely in the
half deck and flooding it and cracking sev
eral other ports in the cabin. In one port
in the half deck the worm of screw-bolt
was stripped. We got spare plugs in and
secured. At davlipht found about twenty
feet of starboard poop rail and coverin^-
Doard started, and both sidelight screws
smashed up, the ironwork completely torn
away from the wooa and port forward life
boat cover all torn and blown away, and
all our running gear on port side chafed
and cut, being completely under water.
Had great difficulty in getting it clear.
"At noon the glass had risen to 28.03,
but the wind was blowing with terrilic
force, the sea was breaking in every direc
tion and the ship was completely buried,
so I was compelled to cut away the lower
foretopsail to ease the ship, as it was im
possible to attempt to take it in. Tnis
eased the vessel wonderfully, as it caused
her io drift directly away from the broken
water and to lift the lee side occasionally.
At 4 p. m. the glass was 28.03 and at 6 p. m.
28.72, and the weather then graaually
moderated. From that to port we had
moderate but gloomy weather."
The Wasdale does not show many signs
of her rough experience, but nevertheless
everj- man Jack aboard is glad the vessel
is safe in port.
REAL ESTATE AUCTION.
Sale of Miscellaneous Properties hy
Fastou, Eldridge & Co.
The following sales of property at auc
tion were made Tuesday by Easton, Eld
ridge & Co.:
A lot 26 by 167 :6 feet on the sonth line
of Pacific street 111:6 feet west of Mont
gomery, covered with improvements that
are renting for $100 per month, was sold
for $15,300. A ten-room residence with lot
25 by 100, located on the east line of How
ard street 75 feet south of Seventeenth,
was disposed of for $6600. A lot 50 by
137:6 on the south side of Oak street 187:6
feet west of Devisadero, sold with an "if"
for $3800. The lot 36 by 110 at the north
east corner of McAllister and Steiner
streets, covered with improvements con
sisting of two French flats, sold also with
an "il" for $11,000. A piece of business
property on the west side of Railroad
avenue 26 feet north of Servia street, con
sisting of a store and five rooms down
stairs and seven rooms above, with lot
•^6:B by 99:4^, sold lor $4700. A cottage at
310 Noe street 181 feet south of Market,
with lot 2-5 by 105, sold for $2700. A vacant
lot 37:6 by 100, located on the north line of
Twenty-fourth street 97:6 feet west of
Treat avenue, brought $2600. Outside
land block No. 1092, on the south side of
Golden Gate Park, fronting R street,
Thirtieth and Thirty-first avenues, sold
with an "if" for $1800.
CAV. SERRA IS SATISFIED,
The Italian Consul-General Ex
presses Pleasure at Being
Here.
Yesterday His O.fice Was Open to All
Who Chose to Visit
Him.
The new Italian Consul-General, Cay.
Carlo Philip Serra. is a pleasant, genial
man, who gives every promise of becom
ing immensely popular witu the colony.
Yesterday he began to initiate himself
into the duties of his new office, and did it
in a way which showed him to be what
the Italians call "democratico," and which
means, without any frills or haughty at
tempt at superiority. No bureaucratic
red-tapism held visitors back from seeing
Cay. Serra; the doors of the Consulate
were open to all visitors, and people who
wanted to see him coul<i walk into the
inner office and visit the Consul-General.
Cay. Serra expressed himself as being de
lighted with his present appointment.
"San Francisco is considered one of the
best Italian consular positions in the
United Btates," he said. "The people
are pleasant and harmonious, the climate
is delightful. What can a man want
more? and the Consul-General laughed
with satisfaction at the smiling future
before him.
Cay. Serra says that he is fond of Ameri
cans. He has given proof of the fact by
marrying an American lady and in all the
consular positions that he has held in the
United States he has been popular in
American society. In 1885 he went to New
Orleans, remaining there two and a half
years. He has also held consular positions
in Philadelphia, Boston and Baltimore,
so his acquaintance with the United States
is quite extensive.
For two years he was in Chile. Those
were war years and exciting times, but he
never met with any personally exciting
incidents, or if he did, he modestly
conceals the fact. Just as peace was de
clared in Valparaiso he was recalled
Although a native of Genoa, he makes
his headquarters in Rome, when in Italy,
partly because it is the seat of Govern
ment and also because he has a strong
personal liking for the Eternal City. He
has just come from there and when* ques
tioned yesterday about the war feeling in
Italy replied that though every one had
deeply deplored the losses in Abyssinia
feeling was quite calm on the matter.
As for the suffering condition of the
peasants in the interior of the country the
Consul-General said that though there
was considerable poverty things were not
quite so bad as some of the report^ had
represented them to be.
There does not seem to be any intention
on Cay. Serra's part to make sweeping
changes at the consulate.
"Things seem to be in a very satisfac
tory condition and I see no reason for not
letting them go on in the same way," he
said cheerfully.
For the next fey/ weeks the new Consul-
General and his wife will live at the Occi
dental Hotel, but he intends shortly to
take a country villa, probably at San Ma
teo, and only spend office hours in the
City.
'Williams Didn't Get the Money.
Judge Seawoll yesterday refused to grant
the motion of Richard A. Williams, the Chi
nese Inspector, who asked that he be permitted
to draw one-half of a $3000 deposit which his
wife has in a local bank. Mrs. Williams is
NEW TO-DAT.
All this "hocus-pocus/"
as you may call it, about
colored tea — by the way,
did you ever know a
"hocus-pocus" talker to
back up his talk with
money-back? — this talk
about colored tea applies
mostly to Japan tea and
some China teas.
Why, then, should you
use Schilling's Best Ceylon
and Oolong and English
Breakfast?
They are fresh-roasted
— roasted right here in San
Francisco by our own tea-
roasting machine, the only
machine on the Coast.
Fresh-roasted tea is like
fresh-roasted peanuts.
You don't know the
charm of tea, unless you
have tasted it fresh-roast-
ed. And ' you have not
tasted fresh-roasted Oo-
long, English Breakfast,
and Ceylon, unless you
have tasted ' Schilling s
Best
Your money hack if you
don't like Schilling s Best
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 311
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
THE CHUTESI
GREATEST SCEfIC RAILWAY OS EARTH!
SUMMER SEASON BEdIXS JULY 4
And Thereafter—
EVERY AFTEKN OQN AND EVENING.
GRAND CONCERTS BY THE
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA
Unparalleled Vaudeville Performance Id
the BIgJASINO.
Jnly 4-The Finest Display of Fire-
works Ever Given in the Citvt Mag-
niticent Pyrotechnics on the Lake!
OPENING OFTHEGRANDCIRCUIT
TRitTTHK-HORSE BREED. RS' ASV.I.
RACES! lllgf* ; RACES!
I3XT aijESIIDE.
June 27, 30; July 1, 2, 3, 4, 1896.
Great races every day. Best horses on the Coast
present. Races begin at 2 o'clock. Mission-street
cars. Special train 1 :15 o'clock.
__.■-•.-".: - j v yE~w to^dat. :
::jjj^: Pretty
Jwf\ 1 ill
V • says
I Pretty
Poll
She's just "poll parroting.". \
There's no prettiness in pills,
except on the theory of pretty
is that pretty does." In that
case she's right.
Ayer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation,
and all liver troubles.
suing her husband for a divorce, and she
claimed that the money was community prop
erty. Williams probably wanted the money
to hf>lp his defense iv the case against him in
the Federal court.
•—•• — • «
*t Sent to the Asylum.
Judge Hebbard yesterday committed Samuel
Hall to the Ukiah Asylum. Hall is insane and
imagines persons are trying to kill him. A
short time ago he appealed to Policeman
Thomas Gibson to protect him from a crowd
that he imagined was following him.
Mary Smith was also sent to Ukiah. She is
subject to melancholia and believes she ought
to ciie. Therefore she threatens to commit sui
cide.
•— ♦ — •
Passed a Bad Half-Dollar.
Max Cohen, a shoemaker on Third street,
near Howaid. was arrested by Secret Service
Agent Harris on a charge of passing a counter
feit half-dollar piece on William Watterman,
a leather-dealer.
. -■ - Vrr -l. AY— AMUSEMENTS.
theatre! props.
This Week Only. Matinee Saturday.
ANOTHER PACKED HOUSE!
A Success From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
Sydney Grundy's New York and London Triumph
"A BIIEH OF VIOLETS"
A. POWERFUL PLAY,
POWERFULLY INTERPRETED BY
L. R. Stotkwi'U's Company of Players!
Including MR. HERBERT KELCEY,
£,v i., ;■ MISS EFFIE SHANNON
and the Star Cast.
Evening,' lsc, 2 sc. 35c, sOc, 75c.
Matinee, 35c and sOe.
NEXT MONDAY— The Comedy Drama Success
"AMERICANS ABROAD," .
By Victorien 8-jrdou. author of "La Tosca." "Fe-
dora," etc. Superbly Staged. Handsomely Cos-
tumed. SEATS READY . I>DAY.
July 18-"C.\RMEN'," with Frederick Warde,
Rose Coghlan and entire StockweU Co.
miCDLAnDLJLC-OTTLOD Cf:uMUMttwmui"'
DID YOU READ THE 6TH CLAUSE
If You Did Not, Come and Hear the Immense
Crowds Laneh, Laugh, and Laugh at
Every Performance Given by
■ —THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Of the I eHghtful Play,
"HIS WIFE'S FATHER."
The '-Curtain-Raiser," ,
"A SILENT SYSTE3P'
Continued by Special Request.
Monday Next— "LONDON ASSURANCE," tna
acme of all plays.
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
SUNDAY NIGHT - - - - JULY STH
Glorious Tourney of the Champions
And Farewell Appearance of
TOM SHARKEY
Four Rounds with
DANNY NEEDHAM,
AND
JOE CHOYNSKI,
Four Rounds with
JOE KING,
Heavy-weight Cb..mpion.
tar get a LINE ON THEM.
Prices 25c, sOc. Boxes 75c.
Seats now on sale at the Box Office.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS. *.&mc!>tink Kbextxo. Proprietor i -\lanae«
LAST 3NTIGIITS
OF OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE, -
"A TRIP TO THE MOON"
TO-MORROW EVENING > .;
18th Anniversary Souvenir Night
MONDAY EVENING. JULY 6,
OPEMNQ OP THE GRAND OPERA SEASON
Under the Direction of Mr. Gustav llinbichs.
Repertoire. -■
Monday, Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday,
"LUCIA" (in Italian).
"Wednesday, Friday and Sunday,
••ROMEO AND JULIET" (in English).
Entire Eastern Company.
Enlarged <rchestra! Augmented Chorus!
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Popular Prices— 25c and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WAiTKK MORosco, sola Lessee and M.aoa<*e
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Distinguished Comedian and Singer,
EJIIMETT SHKRIDAN
In His Rollicking Comedy-Drama,
"ONE OF THE BRAVEST!"
Special Engagement of the Popular Pair.
GILBERT AND GOLDIE,
And of the Favorite Soubrette,
JOSEPHINE PASSMAN.
f.VKXjso Pricbj— 2so and Ma.
| Family Circle and Oallarv. 10a.
U«nal Matinees Saturday and Sandar.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
A TRULY WONDERFUL BILL!
HOUSES PACKED TO THE DOORS
18— NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS 18
THIS GREAT FRKDERICKS TROUPE,
FOUR MAIS AN OS.
ROSSOW MIDGETS,
LAST 3 NIGHTS OF THE VITASCOPB.
Reserved Seats, '25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
and Box Seats. 50c
#utto gate.
GRAINTD "OO3MOERT
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
GRWO VESETIAfIVATER \ CAMIVAL
July 4th. «,i3.cl Stla.,
With Beautiful Electrical Illuminations
at Night.
Sutro Scenic Railway Starts July 4. .
Admission— Adults, lOo ; Children, se,
; SPECIAL TO MONTEREY.
Friday, July 3. Young Men's Christian
' Association's Annual Excursion to ' ■
* Hotel del Monte, \' Monterey '
and Pacific Grove."
Leave Third and '.Townsend-st.' station 7 a. m.
•harp: Valencia st. at 7 :10 a. m. Number of tickets
positively limited. - The 'sreat advantage of this
train is getting down in the early cool of the morn-
Ing and going with a select party.-. tickets sold
only at the Y. M. C. A. office. Ma>on and El. is sts.
Secure them at once. Children under 12 years half
fare. Special train will return same day,' leaving
Pacific Grove at 4:26 p. m.. but all tickets will be
pood for seven days, up to and Including Thursday,
July 9. : Cheapest rate ever offered. Will give all
the opportunity of witnessing the grandest cele-
bration ever knows In California,
78
MONEY DISTURBED
BY SILVER TALK,
A New Question Arises
to Paralyze Busi
ness.
BANKERS ARE PUZZLED.
After Getting Rid of Taxes They
Are Confronted With More
Trouble.
SUMMER DIVIDENDS MADE.
The Hibernia Bank Reduces the Inter
est on Deposits — Future Is
in Doubt.
A: the close of the first six months of
IS9G the local savings banks rind finances
dull, money in a rather limited supply and
interest almost as low as it could possibly
sink. Tbe bankers were in hopes that on
July 1 their troubles over interest due to
the San Francisco tax rate of 2.25 per
centum would be at an end, and that the
next six months would be more favorable
to depositors. Everything pointed to a
largely reduced rate of taxation, and with
such a prospect it was inferred that inter
est vrould advance in proportion.
Now, however, at the turning of the tide
bankers are confronted with altogether a
different condition, which makes a mate
rial change in tueir calculations. In fact,
as managers of the savings banks put it,
tbe cry for free silver has completely
thwarted all plans, and the financiers are
asking themselves, like Cleveland, "Where
are we at?"
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
announced yesterday that the interest
paid by that'institution had been reduced
frorp 4to '&% per centum. The Columbus
Savings and Loan Society, the Savings and
Security Savings Bank, the Humboldt
Savings and Loan Society and the San
Francisco Savings Union declared divi
dend? of 4.32 per centum on term deposits
and 3.60 on ordinary deposits. The German
Savings and Loan Society paid 4.26 and
3.55 per centum, the Mutual Savings Bank
4 and 3.33» 3 . The Columbian Banking
Company declared a dividend of 6 per cen
tum on its paid up capital.
Lovell White, cashier of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union, said that conditions
as he founa them in the savings banks
signified no distress. '-Money is not In
plethoric supply," he said. "There is
enough for the needs of the people, but it
does not press on the loan market. Inter
est rates are the same practically as in
last January. There is no cheap'money,
as ther<* is employment for ail 'available
coin. To-day is dividend day, and the de
mand for dividends and maturing notices
is less than usual."
"What does this signify ? '
"That there is no monetary distress;
also that tlie people are loth to employ
money or take returns. If business was
active we wouid be loaning out more
money.
• 'The tax question and the silver question
are the bugbears of this country to-day.
They are checking enterprise, and until
the tax rate is settled and the silver ques
tion disposed of, at least in the minus of
the people, there cannot be much revival
of business. People are living from hand
to mouth, and banks are affected the same
way — band to mouth. There is nothing
that denotes a boom or a healthy condi
tion of society. The banks will "suffer in
common with the community on the
silver question.
"Bankers see great disaster, not to
themselves alone but to the community,
in the free coinaee of silver. Banks and
capitalists will suffer less, but they de
plore it ali tne same in the interest o"f the
public. It would be a clean-cut fight be
tween common-sense and madness if the
Democrats should dissolve in favor of the
free coinage of silver."
The president of the German Savings
Bank said that bankers generally were
waiting to see what the political parties
were going to do with regard to gold and
silver. ••This silver agitation upsets se
curities," he added. "With it before you
you cannot teil anything of tbe future. If
the money question is settled favorably to
the gold standard, even by tbe Democrats
in their National Convention, it will help
t nings a great deal."
ROSE COGHLAN ROBBED.
She Arrives Bewailing the Los* of a
Silver Set Lost From the
Train.
Rose Coghlan, the actress, who arrived
here last night from the East, says she
was robbed on tha train of her contracts
with several theatrical companies and of
her daintily engraved silver toilet articles.
The thief entered tne palace-car pre
sumably at Winnemucca ISev., and made
off with the actress' satchel, which she
had carefully placed under her berth be
fore retiring for tne night.
Th* porter informed her that the agent
at "Winnemucca had telegraphed that a
satchel supposed to belon* to her had been
found near the station. Miss Coghlan was
a little mortified and amused when, in
reply to an inqniry, the answer came:
"Nothing in bag but papers, gentleman's
boot and child's soiled blouse.*
Miss Coghlan says the articles taken
comprised a silver-backed hand-mirror,
giyen her last Christmas by Sadie Marti
not; a silver soapdish, a silver shoehorn,
a silver button-hook, and soch things— all
engraved with the initials "R. C." Then
tnere was a large gold-stoppered scent
bottle and a pair of pins set with large
paste diamonds, a parting gift from her
little adopted daughter.
"Apart from this experience," said Miss
Coghlau, "I had a delightful trip across
the continent. I open here with 'Car
men,' but I rope to do 'Madame' during
my three weeks' engagement. 'Madame'
was written by my brother, Charles Cogh
ian, and proved a great success in Nsw
York. From here I may go directly to
London to see 'MaxO'Rell' staged before
1 play it in Chicago."
OLYMPIC CLUB DOINGS.
Instructor Clarke Will Be Reinstated.
A Purse for Maher and Ihornski.
The Olympic Club directors held a rery
lengthy meeting last evening. A petition
from Professor Harry Clarke, the swim
ming instructor, and signed by several
hundred members was presented for his
reinstatement.
As there was other business of more im
portance to be transacted the petition was
laid on the table to t>e acted on at the next
meeting. Director Short was instructed
to inform Clarke that he could go to work
again until such time as the club will
take final action in his case.
It was decided that the interior of the
bui'ding be renovated. Painters and deco
rators will be put to work in a few days
embellishing the departments that require
overhauling.
Peter Maber has sent an offer to box Joe
Cbovnski in theciub.but no reply has been
received as yeu Maher was offered a
purse of $4000, but it is now thought that
he will meet Choynaki in New York.
The handball tournament of tbe club
wih be held at tne Occidental ball court,
commencing on July 16. It will last for
three days.
POOLMEN ARRESTED.
A Limb of the Law in the Person of
Marshal Creed Swoops Down on
Two at SausaHto.
The Sausalito minnions of the law have
determined that the poolmen shall not
haTe things all their own way during the
absence of the Town Trustees. Yesterday
City Attorney Silya swore out warrants
for the arrest of P. Berrieros, who rents
rooms to Harry Corbett <fe Co., and E.
Westerson, from whom Harrison & Co.
rent rooms.
Marshal Creed made the arrests, and,
upon the prisoners' demand for a jury
trial, the cases were set for July 11 and 12
respectively. Both Corbett and Harrison
have licenses for commission houses
which do not expire until July 15, so a
nice legal point may arise at the" trial as to
whether the Town Attorney had a rieht to
arrest them when doing business under a
license.
A SEAMAN'S PLAINT.
Say« He Wa« Unjustly Treated at the
Sailors' Home.
Dennis Noonan is an American seaman.
He was discharged from the bark Meirose,
and left the hospital in Honolulu and
came to this City on a pass given him by
the American Consul.
Upon his arrival, being sick and desti
tute, he applied for admission into tbe
Sailors' Home, which was once the United
States Marine Hospital. With him were a
Scotchman and a Swede, who also wished
to be taken into the home. Superin
tendent Staples, after asking the men
Sergeant Linville and His Squad as They Are Billed to Appear on the Roof of the Mechanics'
Pavilion To-Night.
-heir nationality, so Noonan alleges, said
to him, "I've got no uss for you." but
admitted the Scotch sailor ami the Swede
stowaway.
"It was a gross injustice," said Noon«n,
"and I suppose I was denied admittance
because I was an American. Until I met
John Curtm, who keeps a place on Main
street and kindly took me in and is caring
for me, I went hungry and had a rough
time of it."
ARE LOOKING FOB BLOOD.
Chinese Highbinders Out in Force
Ready and Eager for
War.
Shooting Affray Prevented by the
Prompt Action of Two Special
Policemen.
• A highbinder war, which threatens to
assume an unusually serious c baracter, is
brewing in Chinatown. At any moment
the police patrolling the Mongolian
quarter may be startled by a fusillade in
some one of the dark alleys. They expect
it and are confident that betore the See
Yup-Sam Yup controversy is concluded,
many a fighting Chines* will have passed
into his celestial home.
Yesterday afternoon, at 1 o'clock, Wonjr
j Sing Long, president of;tbe Wong Society,
and a number of bis followers held a
i meeting for the purpose of discussing the
; warlike situation in a small room on the
j third floor of a brick building on the cot-
I ncr of Clay street and Brenhaxn place.
j They were chatting peacefully on the See
Yup complication when in stalked fire
highbinders, memoersof their own family,
society and company.
The intruders were strongly in favor of
declaring the boycott off the Sam Yup
Company, and believing that Wonu Sing;
Long and his col.eagues had determined to '
stand the boycotting combination con- I
eluded to resort to force of arms. Imme- '.
diately upon entering the council room
the fighting men drew their revolvers, j
Pandemonium then reigned supreme. \
Jabbering Chinese fell over one another in
the little room in their endeavors to es
cape.
This move was so unexpected that the
high binders bad no opportunity to use
their revolvers for fear of killing one of
their number. The noise of the conflict
finally reached the ears of two special
policemen, James Belyeaand William Mc-
Cottery, and before the Chinese, who were
bra tea murder, had a chance to single an ;
enemy out of the croup, the officers were •
in the room. They seizeti tne nearest
Chinese and after ?natcbirrg a nuge pistol i
from his grasp placed him under arrest.
The other highbinders escaped.
Sergeants Helms, Wollweber and Ear- I
per, the latter having the Chinatown squad j
under his command, are anxious that no
killine shall be done and are using every :
means in their power to prevent it.
Tennis Tournament.
The following la the drawing for the annual
championship tennis singles to be held at Ban
Rafael, commencing July 3 at 10 a. m. : W.
Magce vs. McChesaej-, George F. Whitney tb.
Selby, Eckart vs. Thomas ;. Driscoll, J O
Tobin vs. Thatcher,. T. Kaesar r«. H. Parker"
Stone vs. Robert H. Whitney. Sam Hardy vs'
Joseph a Tohin, Dr. George Rotnganger vs. H*
\\eihe. .
The f tournament I committee comprises 8
Hardy, H. Parker and W. Magee. The referee
is George F. Whitney. ,,
•—•• — •- — «
It is said that out of 28,000 Jews in the
city of Amsterdam 10,000 are occupied in
the trade of diamond dealing. -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
DEADHEADS ARE
FEELING SORRY,
They Have No Way of Get
ting in to See the
Fight To-Night.
P. D. LINVILLE'S SGUAD.
Two Score Patrolmen Who Walk
a Roof Like So Many
Cats.
AND THEY USE THEIR CLUBS.
A New Scheme of Corbett's to Protect
His Interests in the Sharkey
Contest.
Among other evils, the recent pugi
listic events have given birth to a new
kind of "squad."
This is the view taken by the small and
irrepressible boy, the impecunious picnic
tough, and the "dead hard tongh 1 ' who
never has paid his way into any show and
" oMldn't enjoy the same if he did.
The Chinatown squad with Harry Hook
in it is bad enough, and the porch
climbe*rs, bamboo- tootors and their kind
know enough to keep away from it, but
this new squad— The Roof Squad— is some
thing out of the ordinary and "de gang
feels bad."
Told in a few words the thing is simply ■
this: When the different athletic duos in
this City began giving pugilistic exhibi
tions at the Pavilion the place was always
crowded. But the box receipts failed to I
show that the attendance was full paid.
Then the Mechanics' Institute began send
ing in bills of from $300 to $500 for dam- :
ages, breakage of windows and other un
satisfactory mishaps.
This gave the managers the first cue to !
the situation and the police were called in ;
to stop up the holes through which the !
deadheads crawled.
They only succeedec in a partial way.
When Jim Corbett, wish his business
education at the hands of Billy Brady, was
to get 50 per cent in the four-round go with |
Sharkey, he made sure he would not get j
much the worst of the deadheads.
He appealed to Chief Crowley for a i
special set of officers. They were not I
chosen from the regular force, but among !
stout and active men in other lines of '
business or professions. P. D. Linville, a
former officer on the force, was placed in
charge of them and his ''roof squad" is
now a thing of permanency.
Instead of parading up and down the
street in front of the Pavilion, the new j
squad, like so many cats, patrol the roof. !
This is no easy matter where the slant is '
at an angle of more than 20 degrees. But |
the men wear spikes in their shoes, and, j
club in hand, they march up and down '
protecting the cupola windows, tbrougd i
which, heretofore, more deadheads came '
than through the front door.
During the progress of the Corbett-
Sbarkey fight a thousand men and boys
were clubbed off the roof. They were not
hurt much, but tapped just enough to
make them understand it was not as easy i
as it nsed to be to beat the box-office.
Similar arrangements have been made ■
for the tights to be held to-night and the i
porch or roof climbers are comparatively I
unhappy. ■
NEW BOXING RULES.
James Fleming; Carroll Han Bevised
the Qae«nßberry Bulea and Believe*
He Has Improved Them.
Jimmy Carroll, the ex-chanipion light
weight pugilist of the world, has for some
weeks past been studying out and figuring
i upon new rules to govern boxing contests.
Carroll says that the Marquis of Queens
berry rules are good, but that they do not
; cover enough territory. The ex-champion
I lightweight . has just completed a set of
I rules which cover every point o.' the game
I and make the task of , the referee light and
; pleasant. The ; following is a copy of Car
roll's new rules, which wiil be known as ■
"Fair Play Rules," and it goes without
saying that every boxing club will adopt
them as an improvement on the old Mar
quis of Queensberry rules:
Sax Francwco, June 12, 1896
Editor Call: As there has been « great deal '
of trouble about the rules of boxing, and tnere '
beinc no professional rules, I, James Fleming !
Carroll, ao submit the following for profes- i
sional glove contest* -with the change ii
weigbts; for the different classes, to be ap- 1
proved, of by the leading sporting writers of 1
this country. The rules to be called or named '
"American Fair Pity Rule*," by J. F. Carroll * '
ex-lightweight champion. '
First ■ article— To be a fair stand-op bbxlor con
test in a twentr-fonr-fool ring, or as near that as
possible, with tbe floor and ports padded. • •
second article— There shall be no wrestling or
bagging allowed.' ,If on« man clinches, bii oppo
nent having both bands free, can strike with both I
hands, but the man ci nnot hold with one hand
and strike with the other, as it will be a foal.
Third article— Each round will be of three min
utes curmtion, with one minute rest between eueh
round.
Fourth article— The gloves to weigh not less
than live onuces or more than seven ounces eacn,
and to be of the finest quality. Any tampering
with the gloves In the ring to be declared a foal.
No seconds are allowed in the ring during (he j
three minutes of the round, under any pretense !
whatsoever. The person breaking this rnle to for- i
feit the contest of the man be represents. He
must go around the outside of the rise to speak to j
the rereree or speak to him daring the one minute
I allowed for the rest.
Fifth article— lf either m»n falls through weak
ness or otherwise he will be allowed ten seconds to |
get upon his leet without help or coaching by his i
seconds. There shall be no throwing of water or
advising done by the seconds while their men are
I boxing, as it will be deemed a foul, and the referee
can decide azainst the party committing the foul. |
ihe rereree to be supreme in finish contests, but ;
when it is a limited round contest there shall be
two judges and a referee, each man having a judge i
and tbe dub to have a referee, the referee and I
judges to *it together outside the rint;; they to ap- I
point a master of ceremonies vrho will attend to!
i the men in the ring, the master of ceremonies to
: vacate the ringduring the three minute* the round |
is going on.
' >ix'.h article — In case a man is knocked down (
, the other shall retire to the corner and remain
, there until hU opponent is on his feet or counted
I out. And in a case where a man is in a helpless
j condition, and is over-niat«hed or at the mercy o:
his opponent, it shall be the power of the referee
to stop the contest and give the reward to the
other man. Should a limited round contest be j
. stopper by an unavoidable interference, the judges I
and referee shall decide in favor of the man taav
-1 luir the ben of it up to the time it was stopped.
i Also In a finish contest the referee shall decide In
favor of the man having the best of It up to the j
j time the contest was stopped.
article— Kvery champion shall be com- j
ipelled to accept every challenge that is backed up i
with a deposit of at least 91000. The cbampiou
must not snui oat any one by Urge side beta, but
; if a ciub offers a pur>»e of 91000 or more for the
{ contest the man holding the championship shall
accept the purse and challenge «r forfeit the
championship. In case ot sickness this article Is
I void.
KiKbth article— ln case a man is on the ropes in
a helpless condition he will be considered down,
I and the timekeeper and referee shall count, md it
] he is not off the ropes In the allotted ten seconds
, he s all be counted out. This applies to men who,
I in the judgment of the referee, are groggy and
! helpless, otherwise It will be a foul to clinch the
j rope to save oneself, and the man doing so shall
lose the contest
Ninth article— ln cases where a finish glove
. contest takes place, and it is stopped by any un
• avoidable interference, the referee shall appoint a
time and place fora second meeting, and as many
meetings as i; Is necessary to have until the con
test is finished, before the boxers are err.iUed to
the purse or stakes
Tenth article — >hould the glove burst, or come
off. or a shoe need flxlns.lt shall be done to the
satisf action of the referee. Shoes with spikes are
prohibited.
Eleventh article— Should a man slip down or be
knocked down or Is down on one knee he shall be
called down.
Twelfth article— Each man shall be allowed
two seconds and a bottle-holder. The seconds
shall toss for corners.
Thirteen ih article— The decision of the referee In
Ml cases Mm.i be final and s:ricti? biudlng on all
parties. The referee to call time lor the prlncipa's
as sood a* the official timekeeper has notified him
that the round la ended or the one-minute rest Is
up. The mi n to take no notice of any other per
son calling time. Kvery clob to supply an official
tlmf-keeper and each man to have a timekeeper
the three to sit together.
Fourteen; h article— The referee shall withhold
ail opinions of foals until appealed to by the sec
onds, and i.:% decision in each and every case is
filial, without d. spate.
Fifteenth article— Should one man foal another,
and the r< feree is satisfied that It was an uninten
tional foul, the referee shall order the men to keep
on with the contest.
sixteenth article— Back-heel iDg Is a foul that
should be strictly enforced. Also butting with
the head, u*;ng the elbow or lifting the knee, or
pacing the gloTe over your opponent's face when
breaking away. On ihe break-away each man
should take care of hi ms«U. If both men have a
mutual agreement not to strike on the break
away and one of the party breaks that rule, he
should forfeit the contest at once.
Seventeenth article— The lime that a champion
shall have before accepting a challenge shall be
three months from the date of bis last contest.
Eghteeuth article— The referee has no power to
deciae bets.
WEIGHTS OF CLASSICS.
Bantam .....110 pounds and under
Feather 12"J •* •• ..
LiFht 186 <• :-"•« •«
Welter ....I*7 «< « m
Middle .iao « * .. „
Light heavy....;. .;...... 175 .. ' ■ „
Heavy Any weight above 175 pounds
THEY WAITED IN VAIN,
Lepers Will Take Treatment
When Custom-House Red
Tape Unwinds.
The Goto Treatment May Begin at
the Pestbouse This After
noon.
The lepers at the Pesthonse looked yes
terday for the medicine that never came.
They were eager to try the zreat anti
| leprosy specific, and they were disap-
I pointed.
Owing to an unexpected bitch •in the
I routine of getting the ton of Boto cure out
of the Custom-house and a quantity of red
tape, of which the. end Is ; hardly yet in
sight, the medicine was : not released and
; is still confined in the clutches of Uncle
Sam. .. .• / ," .. . ;_. ■:-■ - . ..
The lepers waited" patiently for it all of
yesterday. I They looked over the high
fence and through - the big trees ana
scanned the road for some signs of a
wa»on carrying the new cure to their
hands.; But no vehicle stopped . at the
Pest-house entrance and no draymen
pushed the electric button for admission.
i Soon after the sun went down the unfor
tunates went to bed with sad yet hopeful
hearts. -.'. •,.-..: _.. : ' .;..■■.■.; ■•-.-.., •< -- ■■■
The doctors were all expecting the cure
to arrive to-morrow or next day. After
the red tape is wound it will arrive and
treatment will then begin. City Physician
O'Brien will attend the beginning of the
treatment. In an interview with him last
night he said he expected , happy results :
from it. ;• .; . _"•
' ' „ — • ♦'• — r '■ •'■ \ .,
Of the 19,084,659 acres of land contained
in Scotland, ■ not quite ,4,500,000 are in a
state of cultivation. ,
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
TWISTED TEMPERS
AND TART TALK.
Lively Proceedings in the
Thornton-Auzerais
Case.
CURIOUS POINT OF LAW.
Can a Divorcee Legally Marry
Within a Year After the
Separation?
WHO DAMAGED THE FURNITUEE
A Witness Who Gnashed Her Teeth
Before Answering Irritating
Questions.
Mrs. Lucy W. Auzerais-Hoyte has a
temper of her own. So has Attorney Crit
tenden Thornton. When they clashed in
Judge Trourt's court yesterday, the crowd
of aliens in the back row waiting to be
naturalized trembled with fear and several
of them glanced longingly towara the
door.
Attorney Thornton's wife is suing the
actress for $2000 claimed to be due for dam
ages inflicted by the latter upon the goods
of a furnished house which Mrs. Thornton
rented to Mrs. Hoyte. Mr. Thornton is
conducting the case on behalf of his
spouse, and consequently his zeal in the
matter is somewhat warmer than molten
metal. When Mrs. Hoyte testified he
asked her questions, some of which she
seemed unable to answer before she had
relieved her feelings by grinding her teeth.
The nerve-racking sound of their gnashing
had haraly time to die away before the
echoes were again awakened, so fast did
the belligerent lawyer fire objectionable
queries at the lady of the resonant jaw.
The facts in the case, as set forth in the
complaint, which was filed in September,
f 1895, are that Mrs. Hoyte, who was then
Mrs. Louis Auzerais, rented a furnished
house on Pacific avenue, near Pierce
street, from the Thorntons, for waich it
was agreed to pay $160 per monti. rent.
On September 13 the attorney was in
formed by telephone that his tenants
would vacate next day. After their depar
ture Thornton inspected the bouse and in
the language of the complaint fouid it
"foully Tilt y and having the appearance
of not being cleaned or swept for months."
Much of the furniture, it was claimed,
was also broken, burned or stained.
The case has been postponed and hung
fire on one pretext or another and did not
come up for trial until yesterday. Even
then further delay was sought. The at
torney for the defense tried to introduce a
! supplemental answer wherein tne name
i of Hereward Hoyte, the present husband
of the defendant, was inclu ied. The mo
tion was argued at length ana brought to
light a legal point that will be of interest
to many people.
Mrs. Lucy W. Auzerais-Hoyte was
divorced from .Louis A. Auzerais bn Marc a
18, 1896. and married to Hereward Hovte on
Marcn 2i, 1896. It was claimed that Hoyte
could not be included as a defendant* in
the suit as the husband of Mrs. Auzerais
because she bad not been divorced from
her former husband for a year.
The statutes provide that during the
j twelve months following the decision of
the Superior Court in such a case the de
feated contestant may appeal to the Su
. prerae Court. Therefore a person who
marries a divorcee withia that period
takes a chance that such a proceeding be
• brought and the divorce set aside. Hoyte,
it was argued, will not be legally the hus
band of Mrs. Auzerais until the year has
expired. Judge Troutt lent some signifi
> cance to the argument by denying the 1
■ motion to enter tbe amended complaint.
Mrs. Auzerais-Hoyte was the first wit
i ness called, and the strained relations be
: tween her and Mr. Thornton were at once
; apparent. The attorney neglected no op- !
: portunity of referring to the unclean con- \
' dition in which he says be found his prop- j
erty, and the witness overlooked no !
; chance to refer to the poor quality and !
i general dilapidation of the goods when :
she first took possession of them.
"Did you have the globes on the gas fix
! tures cleaned while you occupied the |
place?" queried the lawyer.
"Several times, but they were so cov
ered with fly specks that "we found it im
possible to get them clean," replied the
witness.
"You couldn't get fly specks off by look-
I ing at them," sneered Thornton.
"And there were so macv there when I
moved in that you couldn't remove them
with acid," said Mrs. Hoyte.
"What was the condition of tbe curtains
in the front room when yon took posses
j sion? ' resumed the attorney.
The witness smiled wickedly. "Rotten "
I she replied.
Little personal allusions were plentiful
{ before the witness stepped down, but it
I waa developed that a little son of the de
! fendant had removed a pendulum from a
1 parlor clock, and had bestowed sundry
kicks and knocks upon the different pieces
; of furniture. Thornton claims to have
i counted 146 indentations made by the toes
! of shoes on one door and titty-four on an
! other. Mrs. Hoyte acknowledges that
there may be four or five in all.
Mr. Thornton was on the stand detail
ing his troubles when court closed for the
day.
MANY BOOKS DESTROYED
Potrero Branch Library the Scene of
a Light Blaze Yesterday
Afternoon.
A small blaze in the rear of the branch
library No. 2, 1126 Kentucky street, yester
day destroyed several valuable, literary ;
works and a few articles of fnrniture. ; :*•
: The . origin of the fire is . not positively '
known, as t c librarian, Miss Carson, was .
absent at lunch when it broke out, but the
cause is believed to be the omnipresent
small boy with a firecracker.
An alarm was turned in from box 513,
but when the firemen arrived on the scene
they found that P. Winters, who owns a
bakery next door, had the fire completely
under control. More books were damaged
by water than by fire.
The building is a one-story frame struc- i
ture : owned by Robert Day. I' The damage
to woodwork and printed matter will ag- ■
gregate $100. ■
Lost Her Piano.
Mrs., Elizabeth Vestry, 440 Third street,
t swore out a warrant in Judge Joachimnen's
I court yesterday for the arrest of F. V. Bing
! ham, 1039 Market street, on the charge of
■ obtaining money. under false pretenses. Bing
| ham rented a piano from F. W. Spencer & Co.,
; and on April 30 sold it -to Mrs. Vestry for f75!
Spencer & Co. took the instrument away a few
days ago. ■■- - - ...-■-- .
Suit on a Mortgage.
The California Title and Insurance Company
has sued Bchrend Joost et al. tor foreclosure of
a mortgage on city real estate which was given
to cover five promissory notes, amounting 10
about f 26, 000.
Is the light that will bring a great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak Dody can be made. Hndyan is for
I man. The great Hudyan is to be bad only :
; from the Hudson Medical Institute. This '
wonderful discovery was made by the spe- ;
■ cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical !
i Institute. It is the strongest and most j
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
jit is. You can get it from nowhere but
; from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write I
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderfnl discovery, of the age. It
has been indors-d by the leading scientific |
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty /days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
j ing sensations, nervous t*vitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness, |
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day !
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri- j
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop- i
I pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan. i
1 Hudyan costs no more than any other rem- ;
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials. '
TAINTED BLOOD— impure blood, due to seri- 1
ous private disorders, carries myriads of scr»- ;
producing (terms. Teen come sore throat, pimples, '■
I copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and !
! falling hair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs ';
! by writing for "Blood Boole to the old physicians
I 0; the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, r '
Stockton, .Market and Ellis Sts. 1
SAN* FRANCISCO. CAL. j
_«, ' " ON THE ROCKS
I^^^ -, By the sea or in the
gS-YvW ,+£&* mountains or wher-
BBT (5K\ SJ'fJ' ever ° v K°t be sure ■
■sLI-'-^S 1 the Shirts you wear
rMP C T&'~' "STANDARDS." j
Wf \y£:i They are easy lead- \
er '''r£&y ers this season. The !
fl^^arC^ /'&•"* :-"A Percales are par-
§33 /j£>J>C|-7i'} ticularly handsome
\^\^Mr^J^ UirADTf/f M
Tubular Hubs, Narrow Tread,
Humber Chain, Double Fork !
Crown, New and Simple Crank !
Shaft Device. •*'
IXAIISE THEIR BEARL\GS.
"TWO-POINT" PRINCIPLE,
Proven by Experts the Most
Perfect Yet Invented.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOI,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale St«., : 223 J Street.
SAN FRANCISCO. SACRAMENTO. j
r — \
*E4RNYSt
TS THE VERY BtM ONE TO EXAMINE
J. your eyes and fit mem jo Spectacles and Eya- '
glasses with Instruments of hi* own invenuoa.
whose superiority has not been equaled. Hr aiuh
CM* has been dua to the menu at my wort
Oflic* Hours-la to 4 p. v. w TO
O ' ' '.'.:■ ■ ■ '  ■;. >- q
$250,000 j
$ t^BSommv- KB Hj^^fl^r
IWIIJj^RjKjI this year in valuable
OjH J^L articles to smokers of
oil »5 JrJif #% 1 ' '
g MS IfflHl23"^?v Genuine J;
2^ — -~-^i^Ssfc» s S^^^ '.Yon \rill find one coupon in- 1
(Bt^m l " 1 ' l '". v ' l -V i " ! ;'''•" »>^ side each 2-ounce bag, and two $
ij'jinj,!;. 'Jyr Yon will find one coupon in-
'' ''— — ■ — -**^ side each 2-otmce bag, and two 5
9 «ii - * 1 coupons inside each 4-ounce . g
O SmoldngTobacco Made I and Buy a bag,^^ read the coupon §
g^VJ™I!STOO^COMade j and see how to get your share, g
wooo * gooogcg^frOQQo»oocogo6ooaooooaoooooflooooo8
mIX <Tr VI «?® -*^ » "on or a famoua French physician. «m oni^iV.^Vonnf p f?f^ p "
N --X^A ■'■■:' Vs^ -/ - Cocstipatlon. It stops alUoKesbTdiir^. r^h? 1
TSp. rl? Snß £***&**** »nd restores small weik oi*«a sT BillMl
|U« » box. sue for fi*>, by mail. Send forrRKK circt.larand^t^taS^ Permanent ear*
*««» DAVOi. MKDICIN^CO.. U7O Market street, San FrancUco, C*. V^ ratf . b ,
KKOOKV .•.^HAKiIAUV, 1I» POw«U^roSfc
' NEW TO-DAY: 1
STATEMENT OF TBE CAPiTAL STOCK
' ....OP THE....
I San Francisco Saviugs Union,
A Corporation Doing Business at
! 532 California St., City of San Francisco.
Dated. July 1. 1896.
CAPITAL STOCK, paid
up'in gold coin 91,000,000 00
Reserve Fund, being the
equivalent of capital
stork contributed by
stockholders and -paid
up in gold c0in......... 156,661 80
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION.
(Sl«ned) ALBERT STILLER, President.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
State of Caltfobnia, ■> ._
City and County of San .Francisco. /
ALBERT MILLER and LOVELL WHITE,
being- each separately and duly sworn, each lor
himself, says: ' •
That said ALBERT MILLER is President and
said LOVELL WHITE is Cashier of the SAX
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, the corporation,
above mentioned, and that the foregoing statement
is true. . (Signed) ALB KRT miller.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Ist day
Of July, a.D. 1698. . , TT _
(Signed) THOS. K. HAVEN,
Notary Public in and for the City
[sxal.J and County of San .Francisco,
State of California.
SWORN STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION" AND VALUE OX JUNE
' SO, 1896, OF THE -
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
....OF THE... r ': :
San Francisco; Savings Union
A. CORPORATION
DOING BUSINESS AT
538 California Street,
>. K. Corner of Webb Street,
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
ASSETS. .
I— Pbokissobt Notes, secured by -
first lien or. real estate within this
mate, the actual value of which
note.is 18,153,161 14
2— Bonds of the United Slates Ciov- .
erament and of municipal and
quasi public corporations, the ac-
tual value of which is.. 2,624,239 41
Part of these are kept In the
vaults of this corporation and
] art in a box rented from the Na- • • -*
tional Safe Deposit Company, In
the city of New York.
3— Bank Premises 450,000 00
titaated at the northeast corner
of California and Webb streets, In
the city of San Franc ■
1 4— Other Real Ksstatk 1,382,918 63
Situated in i he State of California;
part of it is productive, and it Is
of the actual value stated.
1 6 — TKMi'JHARY iNVKSIMtSIS.
Bonds, evidences of indeotedness
and shares of capital stock of
: - municipal, quasi -public and In-
dustrial corporations, other than ■-'■■
j mining, upon which this corpora-
. tion baa advanced 2,130,777 43
All said bonds, evidences of in-
' debtedness and stock certificates
are kept in the vaults of this cor-
poration. ■
B— SATES and FrRNiTrKR In the
office of the Bank of the value of. 5,000 00
7— Cash in Untied States gold and
silvercoin ...„....".:.. 742,499 53
• Of which there is:
In vault 9274,890 10
In batik. 467,609 43
Total assets .825.488.595 03
. LIABILITIES.
I— To Depositors this corporation
owes deposits amounting to, and *♦•**
in • actual value of which 15.. ....f 13, ,218 64
Tbe condition of said deposits is
that they are payable only out of
said assets and are fully secured
thereby.
2— To Stockholders :
Capital stock |J, 000,000 00
Reserve fund. 156.661 80
The actual value of which is 1,156, SO
he condition of said liability to
stockholders is. that no part of
- the amount can be paid to them,
. or in any way withdrawn except
, in payment of losses, during the
■ existence of the corporation, nor
until all depositors shall have
been paid in mil the amount of
their deposits and declared divi-
dends.
— CoNTrjfGKSTT fcsD, Including
the amount of accrued . bnt un- .
collected interest on Investments. 437,423 24
4— General accounts, balance... 86,109 74
These accounts embrace amounts -"' '** : -
. held for the purposes of guarantee
. and sums the final application of
which has not been determined.
.S— STATE, i. or.vit and CITY
Taxes.
Balance undisbursed 151,18161
Total liabilities.....*..... 925,488, 895 OS
Sax Feancisco, July 1, 1895.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION.
(Signed) ALBERT .MILLER,
■ ' - : " - President.
; , (Signed) LOVELL WHITE,
. .%: ,>:. Cashier.
State of California. •>
City and County of :»an yranclseo. / "**
ALBERT MILLER and LOVELL WHITE, be-
in? each separately and druy sworn, each for him-
self, says: That said ALBERT MILLER Is Presi-
dent and said LOVELL WHITE is Caihler of th*
San Francisco Savings Union, the corporation
above mentioned, and that the foregoluz state-
ment is true. (Stoned) ALBERT MILLER.
(Signfd) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn '.o before me this Ist day
(Signed) ' THOS. E. KAVEN.
" >'o:ary Public in and lor th« City
[seal.] and County of ,baa Francisco,
State of California. DEAN BETRAYS
TIE FORGERS.
Says He and Creegan
Planned the Nevada
Bank Forgery.
BECKER'S FINE WORK.
Alleged to Have Been Done
for Creegan in Oak
land.
CREEGAN'S EASTERN RECORD.
He and Dean Were Together in the
Maryland Penitentiary Over
Two Years.
A vast amount of evidence was intro
duced yesterday in the trial of Creegan
nnd Becker for forgery. The morning
session was taken up with the testimony
of the officials of the various banks that
handled the forged draft.
The testimony of Frank L. Seaver, or
A. H. Dean as he is better known, was the
feature of the afternoon session. He told
in the most maiter-01-fact way of the con
spiracy into which he and Creegan had
entered, how they selected this City as the
best field to make a little money and how
tnev arranged every detail of the scheme.
He recounted every step of the operation
in such a delibera;e and pleasant manner
that even Judge Wallace acknowledged at
the close of the day's session that it was
the most interesting story he had ever
listened to.
The spectators, who filled the courtroom
and galiery, were a motley throng, con
sisting of all sorts and conditions of men
from bank presidents to seedy denizens of
the slums.
C. F. Thomas, the cashier of the Bank
of Woodland, testified that about 3 o'clock
in the afternoon of December 9, 1895, a
stranger had come into the bank and
asked for a check on the San Francisco
bank for $12 and Cashier Thomas had sold
him the check. Attorney Black here sub
mitted the check, which was in a frame
and under glass. As it reads now the
check is dated December 13 instead of
December 9, as originally, and is for
$22,000 instead of $12. The stabbook cor
responding to the check wa3 identified by
the witness and submitted in evidence.
When asked by Attorney Black whether
he would recognize the man Dean, or
Scott, as he gave his name in Woodland,
Cashier Thomas declared that he would.
Dean was brought into the courtroom and
identified as the man to whom he had
soifi the check.
William H. Crocker, the president of the
Crocker- Woolworth National Bank, was
called by the prosecution. He testified
that the Crocker- Wool worth Bank had
done business with the Bank of Woodland
since 1?83. He identified the raised check
in question, which he had first
seen in January, 1896, after it had
passed through the Clearing-house
and had been paid by the Nevada
Bank. The check had be'en returned to
the Crocker Bank by the Bank of Wood
land.
O. B. Fogle, paying teller of theCrocker-
Woolworth Bank, identified the check,
whicn had come into his hands in Decem
ber, 1895. It had come in an envelope
through the Clearing- house from the
Nevada Bank. The Crocker Bank had
paid the check to the Nevada Bank
through the ciearing-house. After ex
plaining to the jury what the Clearing
house was and how it was conducred Tell
er Fogle was excused.
J. F. Kavanagh, a clerk in the Nevada
Bank, who sometimes relieved the receiv
ing teller and did the clearing-house
work, testified that he had received the
check from Dean and had had the book
keeper enter the check to Dean's credit.
He had also entered the amount in Dean's
passbook. He identified both the check
and the passbook. The passbook was sub
mitted in evidence by the District Attor
ney. The deposit tag which Dean pre
sented along with the check was also iden
tified and offered in evidence. No other
person in the bank had seen the check be
fore it went out of the bank to tne Clear
ing-house.
George Grant, assistant cashier and pay
ing teller of the Nevada Bank, was shown
the check, which he hfd first seen in the
hands of Captain Lees. Cashier Grant
gave an account of the various transac
tions of Dean with the bank, consisting of
the following items:
December 4 A. H. Dean deposited $2500 in
greenbacks; December 7, drew $400 in coin;
December V 2, drew $700 in coin; December
13, deposiu-'l .*.200 in currency; December 13,
deposited check on the Anglo-California Bank
lor December 13, deposited $7U5 in cur
rency and checks; December 17, deposited
$22,000 in a check on the Crocker-Woolworth
Hank; December 17, drew $ 2200 in coin; De
cember 18, drew $20,000 in gold coin.
Teller Grant had paid the $20,000 to
Dean in four bags of $5000 each, which had
come from the ban Francisco sub-treasury,
and which Grant had not opened. The
witness was requested to produce at the
afternoon session the daily balance for
December 17, 1895.
On cross-examination Grant said that
when Dean came into the office there was
another man with him — a short man.
Dean asked for greenbacks, but Grant told
him he could only give him greenbacks of
small denominations, which would make
a bulky package. Dean's companion sug
gested that he take gold coin. Grant told
Dean he could give him four sacks of
$5000 each. The other man then told Dean
he had better take the sacks. Grant then
went to the vault, got the sacks and re
turned to the counter. Dean put the four
t-acks into a satchel and with his com
panion left the bank. Both Becker and
Creegan were pointed out to ' ant, but he
could not identify either as 11. companion
of Dean.
Attorney Dunn questioned the witness
closely as to the resemblance between Mc-
Closkey and the companion of Dean.
Orant admitted that there was quite a
similarity between the two men, but not a
very great similarity. Dean and his com
i anion were in the bank about five min
utes. The witness thought it was no more
than this, although it might have been
ten minutes. The court then adjourned
until 2 o'clock.
Before the court convened in the after
noon the bainff opened the gallery to ac
commodate the crowd of spectators. The
cloud of dust started up by threescore
handkerchiefs sweeping the benches
threatened to stifle everybody in the
< >urtroom. When the door downstairs
was unlocked the crowd came in with a
rush in spite of the efforts of Bailiff Curtis
to stem it.
Edgar L. Rourke, the youthful-looking
l ouKkeeper of the Nevada Bank, was the
hr.-t witness called m the afternoon. He
i'ientitied the entry oi Dean's account in
the current account ledger of the bank as
having been made in his own hand
writing. The corresponding entries in
the cashbooK were also severally ex
amined, as well as the balance-sheet for
December, which showed a balance in
Dean'a favor of $21,995 on the 17th and
$1995 on the 18th.
Cashier Grant was put on the stand
merely to answer several formal questions
a* *o the identity of ihe papers which
Bookkeeper Rourke had testified to. •
Cashier Thomas was also recalled to state ;
that he had not given anybody authority j
to raise the $12 check.
F. L. Seaver, better known as A. H.
Dean, was called and sworn. In answer
to Attorney Wilson's questions the wit
ness said he was 36 years of age, was a
native of Massachusetts and had first seen
Creegan in the Baltimore County Jail,
where he (Seaver) was held on a charge of
forgery. He had been in Creegan's com
pany only two or three days at that time.
He again met him in the Maryland peni
tentiary, where they were associated for
two years and a half.
The next meeting between Seaver and
Creeean, after their release from the Mary
land penitentiary, was on Broadway, near
Thirtieth street, New York, in April, 1893.
He had first met Becker at theSheepshead
Racetrack, near Coney Island, in company
with Creegan. He had seen him also with
Creegan in London, England.
Seaver had come to California in the
latter part of November, 1895. Before
coming to California tie had met Creegan
on several occasions in the East, and had
conversations with him relative to certain
transactions to be carried out in California.
The first of these conversations was held
at the Hotel Savoy, at New York, late in
October or early in November, 1895.
The conversation was in regard to select
ing some place to make a little money.
Creegan suggested that San Francisco was
a good place to work, because large drafts
were readily accepted. Creegan further
suggested that Seaver should open an ac
count in San Francisco, and later they
should raise a draft. Seaver said that
neither he nor Creegan could raise a
draft, but that Becker could.
Creegan and Seaver had several meet
ings at the letter's house and elsewhere in
New York in regard to the proposed Cali
fornia operations. They had discussed
the best means of making money, and had
concluded that it would not be a good
plan to forge an indorsement, as an oper
ation of that kind had been discovered in
California shortly before.
Seaver arrived here in the latter part of
November, 1!<95, and registered at a hotel
as A. D. Howe. He shortly afterward took
a trip to the country, going to Red Bluff,
Woodland and other towns. He had
bought a draft for $95 at Red Bluff and
two drafts at Woodland — one for $12 on
the Woodland Bunk and another for $11
from the Yoio Bank. All these he gave
to Creeuan on the ferry-boat when he re
turned to the City. The understanding
was for Creegan to submit these three
drafts to Becker, and for him to select the
one most suitable for raising.
Before leaving New York Seaver had
made an appointment with Creegan to
meet him In front of the Lick House on
the evening of November 28. They did
not meet until about December, when they
accidentally came together in the Palace
grillroom. * The two talked the matter
over and agreed upon Seaver's subsequent
course in opening an office in the Chroni
cle building and opening an account with
the Nevada Bank. Creegan at the time
told Seaver that Becker, although not in
this City, was near by and was ready to
do any "artistic work."
The witness recounted the various de
posits he had made in the bank. He had
conversations with Creegan as to what
would be the best amount to start in with
to impress the bank people of bis financial
standing. Creegan had told Seaver that
he was stopping at the Grand Hotel under
the name of J. P. Holland.
Upon bis return from Woodland Seaver
met Creepan on the boat. Creegan got
the drafts from Seaver and took the next
boat back to Oakland, telling him that he
would take them back to Becker to decide
which was the beat to raise. The drafts
were placed between ihe leaves of a Bank
ers' Almanac in order to keep them Hat
and without creases. When he gave them
to Creegan Seaver gave his opinion taat
the Woodland draft would be the best to
raise on account of the high standing of
the Woodland bank.
On the following evening Creegan and
Seaver met at lJush street and Grant
avenue in this City. Creegan returned the
$u~> Red Bluff draft because it had on it a
printed statement that it was good only
for sums less than $1000. Crcegan agreed
with beaver that the Woodland check
would be the best to raise, and declared
that, although t- . draft was on National
safety draft paper, which is of particularly
sensitive color and easily disfigured when
acid is used upon it, nevertheless Becker
could raise it without a great deal of
trouble.
On December 16 Creegan and Seaver
met and went together to Oakland to get
the draft from Becker. Seaver waited at
a saloon on Broadway while Creegan went
to s c Becker. Creegan reported, how
ever, that the acid had run all over the
check and that it would take considerable
work with the camel's hair brush to fix it.
On the next day Creegan got the draft
and, meeting Seaver by appointment, gave
him the draft, at the same time asking
him if "that was not a pretty piece of
work."
On the following day Seaver deposited
the check and withdrew most of his cash
balance at the same time.
The witness recounted the steps he had
taken to make an impression of his busi
ness standing. He had rented an office in
the Chronicle building and employed an
office-boy merely in order to have some
body to drive Ins buggy when he should
draw the $20,000. On the night before the
money was drawn Seaver met Creegan
and arranged to meet him and McCloskey
the next morning at the corner of Third
and Mission streets. Seaver was to draw
the money and drive away, and Creegan
and McCloskey were to follow him to see
that no harm came to Seaver.
On the morning when the money was
drawn Seaver bought a sack which he
thought would hold the money, and with
his office-boy engaged a buggy and gave \
the boy such instructions as to keep him
long enough to permit Creegan and Mc-
Closkey to follow. Seaver and the boy
drove slowly downtown, stopped awhile
before the "Occidental Hotel and then
drove to the bank.
Seaver went into the bank alone, he
thought. A man came in later, however
— one of the bank's customers, he thought. |
He was positive that the stranger was j
neither Creegan nor McCloskey. After j
some discussion as to what kind of money I
he should take he finally took four bass of \
$5000 each, and drove out to the Mission |
and stopped in front of a house. Then he
dismissed the boy with the buggy and
took a Valencia-street car downtown. He
carried the money to the Lexington House,
212 Eddy street, where he had rooms.
Here he met McCloskey, and the two put
the money into four woolen stockings and
burned the original sacks. Then McCloskey
took two of the stockings downstairs to
Creegan, who was waiting at the door.
Tne court here adjourned until this
morning at 10 o'clock, when the direct ex
amination of Witness Seaver will be re
sumed. Probably Attorney Wilson will
consume about an hour more in his direct
examination, and then Attorney Dunn
will attempt to break down Seavor's testi
mony on cross-examination.
LEZINSKY LOSES.
Judge Seawell Decides That He Has
No Claim Against the School
Board.
Judge Seawell yesterday banded down
his decision in the case of Isidor Lezinsky,
who sued the Board of Education for bacK
salary, claiming to have been employed as
a teacher in the Business Evening School.
The claim «:rew out of the merging of
the Commercial Evening School into its
successor. LezinsKy was employed as a
teacher of bookkeeping in the former, and
claimed to have been transferred to the
latter.
Judge Seawell, however, decided that
Lezlnsky had, at no time since August 30,
1893, been in the employ of the Board of
Education, and was consequently entitled
to no remuneration. Judgment for costs
was given for the defendant.
The Hale & Norcrogi Suit. —
Arguments for a new trial in the famous
Hale & NorcroßS suit were heard by Judge
Hebbard yesterday. The motion wan denied,
and the matter will now go back to the Su
preme Court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
THE THIRTY-FOURTH
HAS ORGANIZED,
From One Hundred and
Fifty to Six Hundred
and Seventy.
IN A FEW MONTHS.
A Formidable Portion of the
Eleventh Ward Getting
in Trim.
INDORSING THE LEADERS.
Prominent Business Men Assist Their
Young Friends in C:ub For
mation.
That little section of the great munici
pality fii San Francisco known as the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District, which
takes in bat a email portion of the
Officers of the Thirty-Fourth Assembly District Republican Club, 1896.
Eleventh Ward, bounded by Eleventh,
Guerrero, Twenty-first and Harrison
i streets, contains some of the best Repub
licans in this City, as has time and again
been proven when their Democratic friends
threw down the gauntlet of party battle.
Who el«e could have defeated the
selected Democratic champions put forth
to do battle for the office of Sheriff twice
in succession but a stalwart like C. S. Lau
meiater, who resides in this district? To
him and such as ex-Supervisor Micah
Doane and other popular and well-known
Republicans of the district do those young
men look for advice and counsel when a
hotly contested campaign is about to be
encountered. On Buch men experienced
to guide the party to victory do the young
men of this district rely for political in
struction when counsel becomes necessary.
To the young men not only of the
Th irty-fourth District but throughout the
State and Nation does the Republican
party turn for a perpetuation of the suc
cess of the party. The old men with fixed
political ideas are unchangeable. There
j are men in the Democratic party to-day
I who honestly believe they are voting for
Andy Jackson and Sam Tilden every time
they go to the ballot-box. But year after
year those honest old men are dropping
out and joining the leaders of their party
on the other side ol the big river, where
there are no Koldbugs or repeating at the
ballot-box. In their stead the young
native-born, educated man votes the
ticket that will put that party in power
| which will elevate the great masses of the
people, and be knows full well that that
party is the Republican party.
Of this class of thinking men are the
members of the Thirty-fourth District
Club composed. This club was organized
about six months ago under the auspices
of the Republican Executive Council of
California, with a membership of 150,
wnich has steadily grown to its present
membership of G7O. For this prosperous
condition credit must be given to P. J.
Hurst, president; E. W. Eustice, secre
tary, R. B. Bartlett, treasurer, and Charles
H. Mayers, chairman of the executive
committee.
With those officers the following well
known residents of the district, who com
pose the executive committee, rendered
able assistance in bringing the club up to
its exalted position : 5. M. Williams, Cord
H. Wetjen, W. W. Whan, William Cash
man, O. E. Fairfieid, J. B. Elkington,
Joseph Becsey. George W. Elder, Con
Hilderbrandt, F. J. Hurst, J. H. Harney
George Dieterle. E. B. Smith, James
Smiley, E. W. Eustice, C. C. Butt, S. L.
Lent and H. G. Krasky.
To co-operate with those is one vice
president for each precinct, divided as
follows: Vice-presidents— Dr. E. L. Mul
ligan, chairman; C. W. Baker, secretary
Louis Cella, J. A. Pries, G. T. Barber
George Burkhardt, J. Hanson, W. J. K.rk
wood, W. H. Ussher, Fred Grimes, F. M.
Zeising, D. J. Kelley, William Cairns, Wil
liam Munson, Harry Beasley, Neil Henr"
Joseph Lavaff, J. R. Kirby, G. B. Craw
ford, and A. R. Paul, sergeant-at-arms.
In addition to the above-named active
workers who have labored to bring the
club up to its present standing in the
party there are in the district and among
the members of the club the following
well-known Republicans and prominent
business men: Supervisor Hobbs, ex-
Sheriff C. S. Laumeister, Superintendent
of Schools Madison Babcock, School Di
rector H. C. Henderson. John Center
Percy Beamish, John L. Boone and sev
eral others equally as prominent and well
known in the ranks of the party.
Having succeeded in establishing a first
class club the officers and members are
desirous of having an ornamental wing in
tne shape of a drill corps. To accomplish
this a committee consisting of E. B
Smith. Cord H. Wetlin and F. W. Zeising
is making the necessary arrangements for
a first-class battalion, which will have a
regalia befitting the occasion, with ban
ners, etc., that when the club turns out in
procession its members will be observed
in the line of march with their associates.
Permanent headquarters will be estab
lished within the next eight days. To ac
complish this desirable object a commit
tee of five, composed of E. W. Eustice. J.
H. Harney, Joseph Becsey, George W.
Elder and D. J. Kelley, was appointed.
At a recent meeting of the club the fol
lowing resolutions were offered and car
ried unanimously:
Whereas, The Republican County Commit
tee has, In its wisdom, deemed it for the best
interem of our party to increase the usefulness
of its body by the addition of one more member
from each Assembly district; end whereas,
the harmony of our party will be materially
advanced by selecting as the addditional
County Committeeman one who is closely in
touch with his constituents, and in whom the
people of the district he represents have the
utmost confidence; therefore be it
Resolved, By the executive committee and
board of vice-presidents of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District Central Republican Club
(acting for the club), that Charles H. Mayer be
and is hereby Indorsed as our choice for
County Committeeman to represent the lower
half of the Thirty-fourth Assembly District.
The Thirty-fourth District will leave no
stone unturned to give the Republican
nominees a handsome majority at the
coming election. They are organized for
battle and recognize in the present leaders
of the party men who are thoroughly im
bued with the principles of clean politics
and good government for the whole
people and not for those who live upon
political patronage alone.
A Partnership Quarrel.
James Eva and Samuel J. Eva have asked the
Superior Court to appoint a receiver for the
Fresno Fruit-Packing Company, alleging that
the corporation was hopelessly insolvent.
They further prayed that an injunction be
Issued restraining James Madison, A. F. Ten
ney and B. 11. Madison from borrowing money
with which to continue the business. All the
parties named are stockholders and directors
in the concern.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN,
Entries and Handicaps for the
Races at Pleasanton
Saturday.
Preparations All Completed for the
League Meet at Peta
iuma,
There is to be a small race meeting at
Pleasanton on Saturday, and the events,
which are for amateurs only, have been
entered mostly by the riders of Alameda
County, the Acme and Reliance clubs in
particular. The events and entrants are
as follows:
Half-mile scratch— W. R. Childs, Reliance;
C. F. Orra, unattached; A. B. Pickard, M. F.
Rose, A. P. McDougali and P. M. Lefevre, Acme;
Charles Olson, K. H. Barbeau, Charles Katli
bone and Ben Carroll, unattached.
Five-mile handicap— P. M. Lefevre and M, F.
Rose, Acme, scratch; A. S. McDouvall, Acme,
300 yards: A. B. Pickard, Acme, 350; J. S.
Brereton, Reliance, 400; C. F. Orra, unat
tached, 450; W. R. Childs, Reliance, 500;
Charles Olson, K. H. Barbeau, Charles Rath
bone and A. W. Rice, unattached, GOO; B.
Carroll, T. D. Wells Jr., William Baumgarten
and N. M. Graper, (350.
One-mile scratch— W. R. Child*. Reliance;
C. F. Orra, Charles Olson. E. H. Barbeau,
Charles Rathbone and Ben Carroll, unottached ;
A. B. Pickard, M. F. Rose, A. 8. McDougali and
P. M. Lefevre, Acme.
The handicapping was done by Robert
Assheton Smyth, official hanaicapper for
the League of American Wheelmen.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Road
Club Tuesday night the prizes won at the
club's recent roadrace were given out.
Iheclub had a run last night to attend
Bob Mitchell's benefit.
The next regular meeting of the Camera
Club Cyclists has been postponed until
Thursday evening, July 9.
Th^ Cycle Board of trade will hold an
important meeting this evening in the
Mills building to discuss the preparations
for the big parade in this city July 25.
James 8. Dawson, the electric lineman
who was killed Monday, was a prominen
member of the Imperial Cycling Club
and has held many offices in the organi
zation. His funeral will be held to-day
from the clubrooms, 614 Van Ness avenue.
Allan Jones, J. E. Edwards, Oscar Osen,
R. Li. Long, R. E. Dow, A. M. Boyden and
F. M. Byrne, professionals, and C. D.
Bates Jr., J. K. Kenna, Ed Chapman and
W. S. Bacon, amateurs, besides all the
Petaluma riders, are in active training at
the Petaluma track for the league meet
on the Fourth. Preparations for the big
meet have been about completed. A 12-foot
wind brake has been erected on the north
side of the track to insure protection to
the riders and fast time. Some one said
the first turn of the track was not very
safe, and the Petaluma Wheelmen put
men to work at once and remedied the de
fect. Bicycle racks have been placed in
side the grounds and 500 wheels can be
taken care of without injury. Allan Jones
and J. E. Edwards will go for the mile
ana half-mile world's records at the meet,
paced by a quadruplet. Everything is be
ing done to insure a perfect meet and give
the wheelmen a good time.
Beer Presanre Regulator.
John Curtis, 1027 Harrison street, swore to
a complaint in Judge/Campbell's court yestor
day charging Bamuel Atchison with obtain
ing money by f*lse pretenses. Curtis alleges
that on or about March 31 Atchison got $-500
from him lor a one-third interest in an auto
matic beer pressure regulator, which he was to
get patented, but after getting the money
Curtis beard no more about the patent, and
Atchison refused to return the $500,
THE BOARD OF
HEALTH DEFIANT,
It Will Not Give Up Its
Inspection of
Vessels.
THE NEW BEGULATIONS
A Pointed Letter Sent to the
Marine Hospital
Service.
THE COMPONENTS OF A JEILY
What Mr. Wenzell Found in the
Few Samples Which He
Examined.
It looks very much as if the Board of
Health has thrown down the gantlet to
the Federal quarantine authorities, and
that it is the beginning of quite a con
tention.
There was read at a meeting of the board
yesterday a letter drawn up in answer to
a communication from the supervising
surgeon of the Marine Hospital Service,
informing the board that the local service
would hereafter do the quarantine inspec
tion instead of the City oliicers. The com
munication which will be sent in answer
is as follows:
San Francisco, July 1, 1896.
Walter Wyman, M.D., Supervising Surgeon-
General, if. H. S., Washington, £>. C— Dear Sib:
We acknowledge receipt of your letter of the
20th lnst. to the president of this board,where
in you inform us ''beretoiore the boarding and
inspection of vessels arriving at San Francisco
from foreign ports has beeu permitted to be
continued by the local quarantine officer be
cause of the necessary delay in the construc
tion of the steamer, arid later because of the
lack of sufficient appropriation," and further
say that "the last Congress made appropria
tions sufficient to enable the service to per
form the entire quarantine function at the
port of San Francisco, "' and that "with the ap
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury you
are directed on July 1 or as soon thereafter as
practicable to begin the boarding and inspec
tion of all vessels requiring inspection."
In reply thereto we call your attention to
the plain language of the laws of the State of
California, under which this board was ap
pointed to carry out through its quarantine
officer the functions of boarding and inspect
ing vessels requiring such inspection.
These laws, section 3015, Caliiornia Politi
cal Code, require that "no person shall leave
or communicate with any vessel subject to
quarantine or examination by the Quarantine
Officer until the Quarantine Officer has
boarded her and given the necessary orders
and directions."
We are unable to find any warrant in any
provision of the United States statutes of April
29, 1878, August 1, 1888, or February 15,
1893, for the statement In your letter that this
inspection by the local Quarantine Officer
"has been permitted to be continued," or that
Congress appropriated moneys "to perform
the entire quarantine function at the port of
San Francisco."
On the contrary, the United States statute of
April 29, 1878. provides specially "that there
shall be no interference in any manner with
any quarantine laws or regulations as they
exist or may hereafter be adopted under State
laws."
We both believe and hope that our respective
duties may be carried out without friction,
and possibly to the greater efficiency of the
quarantine service, until the exclusive and
tremendous responsibility of safeguarding the
Nation's health fiom infectious diseases shall
have been finally fixed and determined.
Until we shall be absolved from our plain
duty under the laws of this State, a duty our
oath of office compels us to perform, we shall
do that duly so far as lies in our power.
You state you are acting under the instruc
tions of the honorable Secretary of the United
States Treasury ; we are acting under the com
manding laws of a sovereign State, and as her
officers sworn to maintain those laws we shall
attempt to enforce them so long as we are
charged with that duty.
In submitting the document Dr. Morse
said the law on the subject nad been thor
oughly looked up, and it was only after a
careful investigation of the subject that
the reply had been framed. The commu
nication was adopted by the board.
A communication was received from Mr.
Wenzell regarding certain analyses of
jeliies which he had made. His report
was interesting. Of eight samples which
he bad examined all were made from bad
fruit, and three had been colored with ani
line dyes. The currant jellies, of which
there were several samples, all showed the
presence of apples and aniline, and one
sample of strawberry jelly was shown to
be made from apples and turnip pulp.
The matter was placed in the hands of
Inspector iien Davis, and he was ordered
to arrest the sellers of the samples for vio
lation of ihe pure-food laws.
The charge against James McDonough,
of having fed the cows of his dairy on the
marshes off the San Bruno road was con
sidered.
Inspector Dockery testified that last
week he found a number of cows on the
marsh and ordered the Poundman to take
them. McDonough claimed some of the
cows- and a number of young men took
the cows from the Poundman. "Who nad
taken the cows he did not know or he
would have had them arrested. He had
had trouble over McDonougn's cows once
before. Market Inspector Davis corrobo
rated him.
Further hearing of the case was post
poned until next week.
Dr. H. Morrow was appointed an interne
at the City ana County Hospital in place
of Dr. N. M. McGilligan.
It was ordered that the Supervisors be
requested to appropriate $1500 for the pur
chase of instruments and fixings for the
Receiving Hospital.
The communication submitted to the
Grand Jury suggesting certain increases
in the force and expenses of the office was
read and approved.
There have been 5966 deaths during the
year, as against 6059 the year before. The
births as recorded were 5020, against 3755
of the preceding year. The casualties
numbered 183, the suicides 173, and homi
cides 27. Consumption claimed 1003, 77
less than the year before. Thirty of these
were under 15 years of age, and of this
thirty fourteen were under 3 years. These
are considered to be due to the impure
milk the board has been making such a
fight about. The increase in the death
rate is the first noticed in seven years.
The report of the plumbing inspector
took the form of a set of plumbing regu
lations such as are in use in Eastern cities.
They will add to the City's revenue a lit
tle, for under one of the regulations the
City is allowed to charge a fee for plumb
ing permits.
CLASH OF AUTHORITY.
Dr. Chalmers Determined to Act as
Quarantine Officer Until Re
moved by State Authority.
Dr. Chalmers, backed by the Board of
Health, is determined to oppose the action
of Surveyor-General Wyman of the Marine
Hospital service at Washington in ap
pointing Dr. Rosenau to act as Quarantine
Officer of the port.
Yesterday when the steamer City of
Everett arrived Dr. Chalmers promptly
boarded the vessel and got her Dill of
health.
The Everett then had to wait some time
for Dr. Rosenau's boat, the George M.
Sternberg, to come alongside. Dr. Rose
nau. of course, failed to get the ship's bill
of health, which was already in possession
of Dr. Chalmers.
Just what steps Dr. Rosenau will take to
establish his authority as Quarantine Of
ficer is a matter of conjecture.
NEW. TO-DAT— GOODS.' ; ;
FOURTH OF JUnTWEEK
BARGAINS
— PROM OUR
GREAT SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE
— :;; •
, •-, ■■■- -■ - - . - ■. ■.-•■. . " ■ -
As may be judged from the following specimen attractions, Fourth
of July week will he A WEEK OF EXTRAORDINARY BARGAIN
OPPORTUNITIES FOR OUR CUSTOMERS, as our desire to CROWD
SIX DAYS' BUSINESS INTO FIVE BUSINESS DAYS, and thus keep
up the enormous weekly average of our Great Sacrifice Clearance
Sale, impels us to supplement the heavy : reduction thus far pre-
vailing by
I Still Deeper and More Startling Cuts in Prices!
LADIES' CAPES.
LADIES' CAPES, made of fine material, prettily embroidered or braided) ©i (\(\
in contrasting shades; also trimmed with bias bands and small buttons, >■ «sA»"vf
lined and unlined; tan, brown," navy and black; worth s 4, reduced t0. .. EACH
LADIES' CAPES, made of fine material, richly embroidered or braided, all) (g*) t\
lined with silk, ruche trimmings at neck; also black velvet with jet- fp&'O\J
. trimming, all lined, ribbon ruche at neck; worth $7 50, reduced to ) EACH
BLACK SILKS.
800 yards BLACK BROCADED MERVEILLEUX, former price $1 25 a yard,) 7K n
will be closed out at \ 100
1000 yards BLACK BROCADED SILK, both in Satin and Gros-Grain) CM A A
effect, extra heavy quality, former price $1 50a yard, will be closed out <s>l«vU
WASH GOODS.
50 pieces WIDE-WIDTH HEAVY ENGLISH PERCALEB, the 15c grade, at) n\
250 pieces WOVEN SHIRRED CREPON, every one new and stylish, a great) n\
line, value for 12}^o, on sale at .'.....) I2C
4 cases HEAVY WOVEN TENNIS FLANNELS, a clean, good fabric, the) Kn
B%c grade, on sale at ..., )' 00
300 pieces BEST % INDIGO PRINTS, all fast colors, the B^c cloth, on sale at) A „
1 Case National Bunting for Decorating, per yard, 5c
500 Remnants— Table Damask Towels, Wash Goods, Etc.—
on Sale this Week.
About 800 pairs Fine All-White Blankets, slightly imper-
fect, on sale at Half Value.
gfff&H**^ MURPHY BUTLDINGh /
\f {/ laitit Street corser i]wi/
3? \*2 iQi l \\ v* bI SbhwKT I iiv i ////////// '/\ flft
j^^* A Jit / CSPwfl^vi ~^* *^sy*vi * iL * *
I "The North Pole made use of at kst/' 3
t ;. . . ft : _■ _ ; .■:.r : v¥
\ PLUG |
\ Always at the front and wherever ¥
| "BATTLE AX" goes it is the I
i biggest thing in sight* It is as re- "S
$ markable for its fine flavor and quality §
? as for its low price* A JO cent piece I
lof "BATTLE AX is almost I
g twice as large as a 10 cent piece of 8
f any other equally good tobacco* |
"WELL DONE OUTLIVES DEATH," EVEN
YOUR MEMORY WILL SHINE IF
YOU USE
SAPOLIO
910
PROTECTION THE GREAT
ISSUE IN CALIFORNIA,
Democrats and Republi
cans Say It's the
State's Salvation.
A CONVINCING ARGUMENT
FROM JAMES SPIERS.
Thomas Denigan, a Prominent Democratic
Wool Merchant, Gives Reasons for
Voting for Protection.
Tariff for protection is the battle-cry of
the Republican party ln California. The
question of finance— silver and gold and bi
metallism — is subsidiary to the prosperity
of our industries, say ( the thinkers or both
parties.
The Call's plea for protection has been
taken up in every department of com
merce and industry, and KepuDlicans and
Democrats have piven it the support of
their sound political judgment. Many
Democrats who have never wavered in
their allegiance to the party have con
fessed themselves converted to the doc
trine of protection, and they are not afraid
to stand by their convictions, as may be
seen by a careful reading of The Call's
interviews.
Importers, manufacturers, wholesale
merchants and leading representatives of
the several departments of tra ;eand com
merce indorse tne policy of The Call and
say that the party which wins success in
California must make tariff and protec
tion the issue.
Thomas Denigan & Son.
"The Call certainly has hit the nail on
the head this time," quoth the head of
this large wool firm yesterday. "The
issue in California is most assuredly the
JAMES SPIERS OF THE FULTON IROX WORKS.
[From a photograph.]
tariff and protection. The camp aign can
not be conducted on a money platform in
this State. We will have little need of
money it our wool -growers and manufac
turers are not able to do business at a
profit.
"I am a Democrat and have been a Dem
ocrat all my life, but 1 am bound to pro
tect my own interests, and all those inter
ests depend on a protective tariff. There
is no State in the Union that needs it more
than does California.
"I do not see how either ol the parties
can carry on a successful campaign in this
State on any other issue. To the most
superficial mind it must be obvious that a
difference in the price of wool of 26 and 13
cents and 12 and 4% cents isjof great mo
ment to the sheep- raisers. That is a "tart
ling drop in each case. Ohio XX sold for
26 cents before the passage of the Wilson
bill, and now it is on the market for 13.
California wools Dave gone down on the
same ratio. I sold hundreds of tons this
sprine for 4% cents. That is the Wilson
tariff. The farmers and sheep - raisers
throughout the United States know it.
They would be blind if they did not. We
all can see it, irrespective of partisan bias.
"Of course, there is a difference between
the Eastern and Western wool-growers.
The California wool - grower, generally
speaking, has 5000 head of sheep, or 10,000
acres of land. He makes it his sole and
exclusive business. In the Middle and
Eastern States, the farmers have 100 head
of sheep, and look upon their raising as a
side issue. Here sheep-raising is the only
source of revenue to those engaged in the
industry. It can readily be understood
that the tariff is of much greater import
ance to the California wooJ-grower than to
the farmers in the East, wno look on their
sheep as a source of pin-money. There
had been a downward trend in the price of
wool for some time prior to the passage of
the Wilson bill, but when that tariff law
took effect, it hastened the inevitable.
W T ool can be grown at a profit, it is said,
for 8. 10 or 12 cents, but the Wilson bill
leaves the grower a margin on the wrong
side of the profit line.
"But returning to California, I should
think any fair and sound minded man
could see that the tariff is vital to our in
terests. It might be saU that in many j
respects we occupy a position not dissimi
lar to that of tiie United States to the
foreign countries. We are cut off from
the East by distance and from a Western
market by a broad expanse of water. The
lack of railway competition hampers us
still further."
Francis Smith & Co.
Tbis firm is one of the most extensive
manufacturers of iron pipe on the Pacific
Coast and Mr. Smith is as stanch a Re
publican ana as strong a protectionist as
can be found in any State of the Union.
"Let it go with a hurrah," he said, when
asked concerning his views as to the issue
in California. "Protection by all means.
What do we care for the money question
unless we have some use for the money in
carrying on our manufacturing industries?
The Call has taken the only true Repub
lican position. To California there can be
i no other vital issue at the present time ex
cept protection. I can give you an instance
illustrative of our great need for a protec
tive tariff. Last year I had occasion to
figure on a big contract in Mexico. It
amounted up to the thousands.
"I sent a man down to figure on the con
i tract and it was all but within our grasp
i when an English firm heard of the job and
underbid us. We cannot possibly compete
with the manufacturers of other countries
unless we have a tariff to protect us and
equalize the disparity existing between
i the wages of this country and those of
I Europe. The foreign countries can under
sell us in any market of the world unless
there is something done to give us a fight
ing chance with the cheap-labor countries.
Of course, the issue in California is the
tariff and protection, but the laboring men
do not appreciate the fact. They are easily
won over by the catchword of free silver,
1 and think their pockets will be lined with
the white metal if bimetallism prevails.
"Before the last election l called all my
men together and gave them a strong
talk. 1 explained the manufacturers'
position and endeavored to show them
that unless the manufacturer was able to
I carry on his business profitably he must
j cut down his hands and greatly reduce
I wages. I urged them to vote for protec-
THOMAS DEMGAN OF THE FIRM OF THOMAS DENIGAN A SON.
[From a photograph. J
tion and I declare they every one of them
voted the other way. They seem to think
I the employer is their natural t-nemy. Our
hard times are due to ignorance— the
ignorance of the very men who suffer
most, as instance my employes. Until
California lias protection the working
men will always have the same cry."
Pacific Paste Company.
This is next to the largest paste manu
facturing company on the coast. Its goods
come in direct competition with the im
ported article from Europe, and the tariff
is vital to the business interests. Mr. Ra
vena was hearty in his indorsement of The
Call's position on the tariff. "I certainly
agree that protection is the great issue in
California. It is very little use we would
have for money in any form if our manu
facturing plants were forced to close down.
Without protection that must be the in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
VIEWS OF A PROMINENT CITIZEN ON THE LEADING ISSUES OF THE DAY.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL :
DEAR SIR: The good book says, "There is a time for all things," and I think now is the best time for our citizens to
express their views in regard to matters of vital importance to the welfare and prosperity of our country, so that those to
whom we confide our interests in governing our affairs during the next four years will know our wants and what in our
varied experience we think is best for ourselves.
For the last few years there has been a great stagnation in business, due, 1 believe, to the working on a high plane */f
cost while competing, and in a large measure unprotected, with the low-priced labor of Europe, parsimony on the part of our
Government in its expenditure for public works and uncertainty.
This country possesses practically everything to meet ail the wants of Its own people. No other country is so favored,
either as regards food products, material and resources for manufacture, brain power or education. With such conditions we
require practically nothing from other countries, more especially their manufactures produced by cheap labor, and from which it is
very important to our interests that we be protected. Free trade simply means low wages to the wage-earner, the draining of our
gold from the country to pay for cheap-labor goods, the wage-earner buying cheap clothing, goods, underwear, etc., and our own
woolen-mills, boot and shoe makers, tailors, etc., going idle or submitting to foreign pauper wages, our shipping going out of
existence, and its workmen submitting to the same fate. Qur coastwise trade would pass into the hands of Europeans, English
vessels manned by European and Asiatic crews and engineers taking charge of the little freight we might have (which under these
conditions would be very little), and nearly all the freight money and wages would be sent abroad. Even now some of the
patriotic Americans are using English vessels where they can put them into foreign trade, to the loss of our American builders.
Protection in regard to shipping for this coast particularly, as well as the Atlantic, means employment to the wage
earner and manufacturer. It means labor in our forests, cutting down the trees, hauling and the manufacturing of the same
into lumber at our sawmills, the building of our sailing vessels and steamers that trade on the coast, carrying the lumber and
other products to our markets. Without protection, these vessels would be consigned to the "boneyard," and we would be "kill
ing the goose that lays the golden egg."
California and the Pacific States require protection much more than the Atlantic States ; in fact, they need protection from
the Atlantic, just as the whole country does from the cheaper labor of other countries, because of the higher cost of material and
labor paid here. If a tariff could be put on everything crossing the country, our condition would be improved. This, however, is
now slowly equalizing, and when it is nearly so, our prosperity will begin.
In regard to public works our Government has been very parsimonious and exceedingly considerate(P) of the taxes of our
poor people. Were the Creator to stop evaporation from taking up and the clouds from releasing the water that refreshes the
earth for the reason that it would be too much of a tax on the sun he would be just as consistent as is the policy of our present
Government. Good circulation is necessary for health. Our navy and our fortifications ought to be largely and intelligently in
creased. With such the country will command respect everywhere. Our harbors and navigation should be generously and in
telligently increased. Improvements in the way of public buildings should be made to take the place of our old moldy oi!ts, and
all these things should be done, more particularly while times are dull, so as to give employment to labor and at the same time
stimulate other enterprises. By doing so the tax on the poor man, about which the present Government is so solicitous, will be
returned to him by constant instead of occasional labor, and the dollars which our presenCGovemment seems to think will be
wasted in such use will still exist in a circulating and healthy way through the pockets of the workingman and manufacturer—
not getting rusty, but doing good as they passed along, like the rains of heaven falling upon the earth, refreshing it as they pass
into our rivers. What we want is circulation, not stagnation.
In regard to Trusts taking advantage of protection, and that fact used as an argument against protection, I will say that
the trouble is not in protection, but in the trusts ; if against the public good, make trusts illegal ; if not, put them under such
conditions that protection will not be abused.
Our Government ought to have a steady policy; changes, as a rule, should be made gradually; uncertainty destroys
confidence, and lack of confidence demoralizes' trade. I give the sugar bounty as an illustration of uncertainty.
Now, Mr. Editor, 1 very earnestly advocate proper protection for our products and our manufactures, an increase of our
navy and fortifications, as well as of our public works generally, and no uncertain, but a wise and steady policy of our Govern
ment, so as to secure confidence. I am, yours very respectfully, JAMES SPIERS.
cvi table, and our poorer classes will be out
in the cold."
Stewart A Co.
"The Call is right so far as the Califor
nia issue is concerned," remarked Mr.
Watkins. "The protection of our home in
dustries is far more important to the vot
ers of the State than the money question.
Yes, there has been a perceptible differ
ence under the two tariffs, but I cannot
recall any startling instance that rould
serve as an illustration. The State cer
tainly needs protection first, though I be
lieve the finance issue is of great im
portance."
Minaker A Wells.
This firm 13 extens ely engaeed in
handline fruits affected by the tariff, such
as prunes, raisins, etc. Mr. Minaker said:
"By all means is the tariff the leading
issue in California. No one can consider
the great depression in prices during the
last two years in our staple dried fruits
and not admit that the tariff certainly has
something to do with our market. This
spring and early summer I sold several
tons of peaches for 2% cpnts that cost the
producer 3 cfnts. That is but one of the
hundred incidents that the handlers and
raisers of fruit could give you.
"It is the same with raisins and prunes.
There has got to be a change, and 1 think
McKinley can bring what we want. The
whole country has felt the effect of the
depression, and while the Eastern and
Middle States may quibble over the
money question, California's political in
terest lies wholly in a tariff for protection
to her people engaged in fruit-raisine,
wine-making and the various manufactur
ing industries. But I almost despair of
ever enlightening the masses on these
two very grave questions of tariff and
money. They do not understand them.
A catchword like free silver has a power
ful influence over the average voter. Some
of them even go so far as to say if there is
free silver there will be dollars in every
poor man's pocket.
"Others seem to think the dimes, quar
ters and half-dollars will be found in the
gutter streams. Since this last silver cry
arose I had a man whom I was desirous of
helping, and whose family had suffered
because of his having been out of work
for several weeks, leave his job with me
because the wage was only $2 s day. I
put him on when I did not need him and
it was an easy shift, but at the end of the
week, when < I paid him off at the rate of
$2 a day, he became very indignant and
| said he could not work for $2 a day— there
i was going vto be free silver. When such
1 ignorance prevails can you wonder that so
many of the laboring classes ' are suffer
ing? If they could appreciate the grave
importance of the tariff issue in Califor
nia they would work and have honest
money in their pockets instead of waiting
for silver coins to go rolling down the
pavements." .
"-—--•^— — — — —^-_
The Hibernians.
At a special meeting of Division No. 7 of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians held Tuesday
I evening the following officers were elected-
President. M. G. tears; vice-president, F.Con
nors; recording secretary, P. Quinn; financial
secretary, John Pendergast; treasurer. Jonn
! Neagle.
There are four livings in the English
1 church worth uuder £8 per annum each.
WILL SMITH AND
GALLAGHER BOX?
Civic Federation Not Certain
Legal Action Can Be
Taken.
I. J. TRUMAN'S THOUGHTS
Advance Sale of Seats Continues
Rapidly Up to the
Present.
" YOUNG " MITCHELL CONFIDENT
Skillful Hand of the National Club
Believed to Be Behind the
Agitation.
The question of all-absorbing interest in
the sporting world at present is, "Can the
Civic Federation stop the Smith-Gallagher
mill?" The question was widely discussed
yesterday, both in the various sporting re
sorts and on the street.
All those who are friendly toward the
| contest booked for to-nigiit, and they seem
' by far in the majority, are strong in their
; belief that the Civic Federation has no
authority in the matter. Their arguments
in favor of this view are many and varied.
In the first place, they say, the contest
is not a prize tight, but a scientific boxing
match of a limited number of rounds, and
as such does not come within the pale of
tne law. Both men, they assert, are scien
tific fighters and pretty evenly matched.
This fact in itself is taken as a pretty good
argument that a knockout, or even any
brutality, in ten rounds is very improb
able.
Then, again, the authority of the Federa
tion to put a quietuse tvs on the event is
thought to amount to nothing, as evinced
by their inability to stop the Sharkey-
Corbettbout. It is claimed that a ma
jority of the members present on this oc
casion returned a favorable report, but
that the minority report was adopted.
I. J. Truman of the Civic Federation
talked freely upon the statns of the case.
'"Stewart Menzies and I were appointed
1 a committee to see what could be done in
the matter," he said, "but so far both of
us have been too busily engrossed with our
business affairs to give the subject the time
and attention its importance demands.
To-morrow, however, we are going to see
what we can do."
"Do you think yon can atop the fight?"
"Well," replied Truman, "we think w«
can. Our attorneys are also of that opin
ion. Ol course we do not know for cer
tain."
"Wherin do you think the infraction of
law exists?"
"In the fact that it is nothing more nor
less than a prize fight. In such engage
ments a man may knock his opponent
out in one round. Aeain.it might^atce
many rounds before this would happen."
Young Mitchell was also seen and asked
for his opinion of the outcome.
"You may tell the public that this con
test is Eoing to take place as scheduled,"
he replied. "We have our license for the
event, and there is no legal action that
can in any way interfere with us.
"We have seen the best legal talent in
the City on the merits of the case, and in
each instance have been advised that we
are in no wise infracting the law, ana can
not be hindered in our course.
"The advance sale of seats for the ex
| hibition has been very large, and continues
so up to the present time. Some of the
Best citizens in the community have pur
chased tickets already, and we have orders
from many more. Nothing will occur that
can shock the sensibilities of the most fas
| tidious, as the men are scientific fighters '
i and are going to box for a limited number
of rounds only.
"As I said before, we have every assur
ance from those wbo are in a position to
know that we will not be interfered with.
Anyway, there can be no reason for any
interference.' 1
Another member of the Civic Federa
tion said yesterday that the National Club
had assured the organization that the
B»iarkey-Corbett fight would be purely j
scientific, but had counted with ut their
Sharkey, who fought like an engraged
animal, threw his opponent and
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
SAN FRANCISCO, July I, 1896.
the referee flat, and even tried
to down the police when they inter
fered. Whether this would occur in the
coming battle, he was necessarily unable
to prognosticate.
Many are of the opinion that the Na
tional Club is at the back of the present
agitation and that the intention is to de
stroy the advance sale of seats so' as
to damage the New Occidental Club finan
cially. This the members of that organi
zation naturally deny with vigor.
The idea is also advanced that it would
be unjust to have permitted the National
Club to draw off their events and then to
interfere with the younger leacue. It
would be in consonance with equity and
right, it is argued, to give one club the
same right as the other.
As the matter stands, the Civic Federa
tion does not feel sura that tne contest
can be prevented, while the New Occi
dental Club, acting upon competent legal
advice, feels sure thst there are no obsta
cles in its path. The license for the con
test is in its possession and the sale of
seats rapidly continues.
CONSIDERED THE RULES.
Preparing for th« Meeting of the
Board of Education
To-Day.
The committee on rules of the Board of
Education held a lengthy meeting last
evening in order to prepare recommenda
tions which will be submitted to the board
meeting to be held to-day.
Thomas Knox, chairman of the commit
tee, presided, but there was more than the
committee members present for him to
preside over. In fact, all but two of the
members of the board were present. The
entire session was devoted to discussing
revising and extending the rules already
in force, and the result of the meeting will
be told in the committee's report made to
day.
HE OFTEN SENT FOR HER
Baldwin Was Unwell and
Wanted Lillian Ashley to
Nurse Him.
The Testimony of Wood and O'Keefe
Denied— The Term "Double
Dealing" Allowed.
The last session of the Ashley-Baldwin
trial will come to a close this mornine, and
thaourtain will go down on the drama.
TneMefendant has fought the girl-plaintiff
to the last. Out in the anteroom his peo
ple sat late last night and waited for an
opportunity to testify.
O'Keefe, the horse-jockey, messenger
boy and general factotum of somebody in
Boston, was waiting to tell more regarding
the plaintiff's past, for $8 a week.
The morning session began with An
drew Anderson on the witness stand, and
the defendant's counsel noted the fact
that all allusion to the "cottage" incident,
where the witness testified that he saw
Baldwin and Miss Ashley together, did
not appear in the memorandum-book.
Attorney Crittenden made an effort to
bring^ out the fact of Baldwin's having en
tertained Mrs. Richards, or Reilly, and
her daughter Bessie at Santa Anita, and
also that Mrs. Richards and her daughter
had brought about a settlement with
Baldwin on the basis of $35,000. The
question was objected to and the objection
sustained.
Anderson was also asked about a "little
girl" who was alleged to have been chape
roned by E. J. Baldwin at the St. Louis
races, but he was not permitted to answer
the question.
Miss Emma Ashley, sister of the plain
tiff, on the stand told of Lillian's accident
by a fall from a sleigh and her illness
from that cause lasting for several months.
E. Porter Ashley, brother of the plaint
iff, testified that whiie he and his sister
were at the Santa Anita rancn Baldwin
wanted the A.shleys to come over and live
at the adobe house, and Lillian had re
fused, saying that Baldwin had two dis
reputable women there and she would not
associate with them. He also stated that
Baldwin bad said, "Oh, never mind them
come anyhow."
Ashley was asked regarding the "Falvey
joke" and the alleg d efforts made by
Baldwin to "put Lillian's baby on him "
He also explained how Baldwin's daugh
ter Clara had insinuated that Falvev and
Miss Ashley were engaged. He stated
that his sister had often addressed Bald
win as "papa," and he had answered in
"a loving manner." Baldwin often sent
for her to come to his room as be was un
well and he had seen the defendant go to
her room many times.
He went to the hotel in this City because
Baldwin had promised him a position
there, but had not kept that promise
The witness testified that 'while at the
hotel he received the following telegram
which was from Baldwin to his sister Lil
lian, relating to their remaining in the |
hotel:
Fresno Depot, May 17, 1893.
ToMits Lillian Ashley, care Conductor No. 19:
Stay there until you get ready to fro, and if
either one of them trouble you they will get
out. E. J. Baldwin.
The plaintiff was put on the stand to
testify regarding her interviews with
Wood and O'Keefe; also regarding the
testimony they i;ave concerning her ill
ness subsequent to her accident.
She denied specifically the allegations of '
those two witnesses, and told in detail
how Wood, while in the employ of Bald
win, and after he haa betrayed Miss Ash
ley's case, had cotne to her with advice to
compromise. Mr. <Jritt«nden, in speak
ing of the action of Wood, used
the term "double-dealing," ana it
was objected to by fne defense on the
ground that it was insulting to that per
son. Judge Slack overruled the objection
and the term "double dealing" was allowed.
The case will be submitted this morning.
THE LABOR UNIONS.
several Bodies of the Building Trades
Hold Their Elections.
At the meeting of the District Council of
Carpenters' and Joiners' last evening, the
session was devoted to winding up the
business of the present term. Next Wed
nesday evening, the newly-elected dele
gates from unions Nos. 22, 95, 304,
483 and the Amalgamated Brotherhood,
will take up the work of the coun
cil. Several of the old delegates have been
returned. At that meeting the officers
will be elected.
At the meeting of the Lathers' Union,
the following officers were elected: Presi
dent, P. Kerrigan; vice-president, J. G.
Phenix; recording secretary, C. J. Green
wald; financial secretary, N. A.Nichols;
treasurer, Edward Moulton; sergeant-at
~ HEW TO-DAY.
o^V*eßS FAI L c
DOCTOR SWlli
The Old Doctor, the Skilled Surgeon,
The Conqueror of All Chronic, Nervous and Special Diseases.
The Greatest Boon on Earth to Man
and Woman is Health.
The Glory of Man is His The Ambition of Woman
Strength. is Her Beauty.
Both Conditions Can Be Acquired.
, The same foundation must be- laid to build upon to reach the two conditions, viz.:
Btreneth and Beauty; and that foundation is health; with health the mind teems
with vivacity and freshness, the body is active and strong, and both the physical and
mental being are alive to and in touch with everything which makes life bright, joy-
ous and happy.
Alarming Facts.
It is an alarming fact that three-fourths
of the men are lost to all the attributes
which make the strong, brave at.d noble I
man. They are prematurely old and dis-
eased throueh excesses or unnatural
strains which sap the fountains of life, de-
stroy the health and strength, and finally
result in physical wreck. These poor vic-
tims, loaded with disease, remorse and
humiliation, silently suffer on, going from
bad to worse, until death closes the sad
scene. Muscular strength and manly
power are both based upon the one condi-
tion, and that condition is health. With
health all the essential organs of the body
are capable of performing their functions
properly, producing mental brightness,
manly vigor and muscular power. Disease
robs the blood of its richness, tears down
the constitution and destroys the mental
as well as the physical man.
Bet the lltoble Work of Doctor Sweany, the World's Greatest Specialist,
Has convinced the greater r>art of the people of the civilized world that nine-tenth*
of the chronic or lingerm* diseases of both men and women can be thoroughly and ™»r
manently cured. In !. is treatment of the following ailments, as well as all sDecial"
nervous and private diseases, he has been remarkably successful in effecsine M ma
nent cures: 6 m *
VinVPW Inflammation of the kidneys, |
IVIIMLI \ Bright's disease, diabetes, conges-
tion of the kidneys, uraemia, gravel, stone, 1
all scientifically and successfully treated.
Dl SftftFß Inflammation, cystitis, cystcr-
DLill/vfill. rhea, catarrh of the bladder.
The distressing; diseases invariably yield to
my system of treatment. .
ERYOUS DEBILITY a A i?me a n 1 ti tB r«S dln o?
young and middle-aged men. The awful ef-
fects of neglected or improperly treated cases
producing weakness of body and brain, dizzi-
ness, failing memory, ••lost vitality, lack of
energy and confidence, varicocele, ; gleet,
pains and other distressing symptoms, unfit-
ting one for study, business or enjoyment of
life. . • •
UP I!) Neuralgia, sick, nervous or conges-
Ml'/lir. tlve headache, dull, full feeling loss
of memory, dizziness, softening of the brain
tumors and eczema of scalp. '
THROAT Catarrhal sore throat, acute and
1 HIV U.I 1 , chronic pharyngitis, enlarged ton-
sils and palate hoarseness, loss of voice * thick
phlegm in throat, causing hawking. ■
LU^fiS Consumption in the first and second
liLliatJ. stages, hemorrhages, and chronic
bronchitis, dry , and : loose cough, pains In
chest, difficulty in breathing, hepaUzations
asthma, etc. - ■ . *
HEART alv . Ul V diseases, weak and fatty
n&illil. heart, dropsy and rheumatism of
heart, languid circulation, etc.
You Can Be Cured at Home If any p ers ° n living atadis-
office will WRITE to him their troihi*. «i-7«Y J -?•!?! and una °le to call at this
Will then understand their condition T and ™ 7 - a nd ca nd dl .y « their own words ho
their case, and should then desi™ hi^ " ve . Bu< * advice as may be necessary in
be sent thVm to effect a positive d^l P n!? 1O , na ' services proper treatment will
Correspondence strictly wnfidenUal Address No incurable cases taken.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, €aL
arms, John Duffy; delegates to the Build
ing Trades Council— C. J. Green wala, V.
Northrop and F. H. Collin.
The election of officers of the Metal
Roofers' Union resulted in the following
selections: President. J. McGrath; vice
president, William Hunt; recording sec
retary, H. C. Hincken; financial secre
tary. L, Wessing; treasurer, George Eng
ler; sergeant-at-arms, P. Dempsey; dele
gates to the Building Trades Council— H.
U. Hincken, P. McDonald and Thomas
Carroll. . , „ .
The newley elected officers of the Paint
ers' Union were installed last evening.
Testimonial resolutions were passed by
the members thanking the retiring presi
dent, J. W. Rose, for his efforts during the
past nine months that he has held the
chair. The resolutions were signed by
nearly 800 painters who desired particu
larly to express their appreciation of Mr.
Rose's good services in carrying the union
through the recent strike.
PROHIBITION CONVENTION.
A Municipal Ticket Will Bo Put in the
Field To-Night.
The county convention of the Prohibi
tionists will be held this evening at 997
Market street, and according to the pro
gramme an entire muni ipal ticket will be
prepared. Samuel Fear, the chairman of
the Prohibition County Coir.raittee, and
Frederick Head, the acting secretary, have
sent out the following call for the con
vention :
We would be pleased to see you at 997 Mar
ket street, Thursday evening, July '2, at 8
o'clock, to join in nominating a municipal
ticket for the coining election, which will com
mand the suffrages of the citizens of Saa
Francisco who believe in patriotism before
party, protection to tue homes of our land
unit prosperity for the country freed from the
curse oi the liquor traffic. Make an effort to
be present. There is inspiration in numbers.
Distressing Thonghts.
It is a distressing thought to learn from
medical statistics that seven-tenths of the
women of this vast country are suffering
from some chronic ailment, and in most
cases that ailment is peculiar to her sex.
With that fortitude which only the true
woman possesses, she uncomplainingly
suffers on day after day, ye*, year after
year, with the false hope that nature will
some time remedy her trouble and restore
her health. With the great love for beauty
which every woman desires. >he, with
paints, powders and lotions, tries in vuin
to cover up the lines and defects which the
cruel work of disease has wrought in her
once beautiful face. There is but one foun-
dation for beauty, and that is heath.
Health produces a mind teeming with wit,
the bright, sparkling eye. the rosy ch^ek
and the plump and well-rounded form.
With health the whole world is a world of
sunshine. With disease it is a dark-
gloomy, prison-like abode.
STOMACH. BS&..ffi,Kffin. i a.SS
LITER SPLEEN ! <"****** °* the liver.
Ulllilli, ft[liliEi!l. spleen, bowels, all nerv-
an B !1n 8 3? reflex dlsorde rheumatism and
worm m^ 1 M - Me 5 1 , e<2eini ' Balt rheum, ring-
£^in, P !°. lnt , disease> °}* sores . 'ever ■■ores.
proatratSon •' BPmal l »**tion. nervous
RUPTURE Pil ? 8> fiBtnla and »» swellings
w^a^-itSffiffi- ear-
HEART, BR.UR AIKD NERVES. U°l
a«»«'ll» head and palpi'aUon 01 ?ht
in£ fi\n^ U * b L ealhlll « and feel-
con Jntlrff *?! the head - a tired - liable, di*
ee?or rt !«,l ell 2 and fear of impending dan-
verVe /p. * dre » d . of beI .?K alone, or the re-
t£nn7 Jeto be * ione: if yonr 1 memory. Is
If v-UFrt* y ° are gloomy and despondent, or
«Ln T« am much and often * nd «el an »^er-
a£ea£ S °,f ?K y> you are BUfler ing fr m a serious
msease of the nerves, brain and heart. You
DISEASES OF WOID. Kr&rsTS
the diseases peculiar to your sex, such as rail-
ing or displacement of the womb, inflamma-
tion or ulceratlon, bloating, headaches, spinal
weakness, call or write to him and he will tell
you just what can be done for youL'ITALIA IS NOW
FOR SUFFRAGE.
A Daily Italian News
paper With a Large
Circulation.
TO LABOR FAITHFULLY.
Considers the Movement "A
Manifestation of Human
Progress."
G. ALMAGIA TELLS HIS VIEWS.
Aa Ardent Manifesto That Praises
the Foresight of the Repub
lican Parly.
L'ltalia, a daily San Francisco news
paper, with a large circulation both in
this City and throughout the State, will '
G. Almagia. the Italian Editor Who Has Declared for Woman Suffrage.
this afternoon declare itself to be an advo
cate of woman's suffrage.
L'ltalia, as its name implies, is pub
lished in the Italian tongue. It is astancn
Ptepublican organ, and considers it the
duty of a Republican newspaper to uphold
the plank which was adopted at the Sac
ramento convention. In addition to this,
its editors are also personally in sympathy
with the .suffrage movement. Something
of the paper's influence may be gathered
from ihe fact that it recently started a
subscription for the widows and orphans
of soldier-) who had fallen in Abyssinia.
Most of the subscribers were laboring men
who sent their mite, often small as lOcents,
but the money poured in from all parts of
the State, and the Minister of War has
already acknowledged the receipt from
L'ltalias fund of $3000.
Most of those contributors are voters,
and there is little doubt but that many of
them will be swayed to vote for the amend
ment by L'lialia's action.
The following is a translation of the
manifesto which L'ltalia will publish this
afternoon on the suffrage question:
"In the programme of tne great Repub
lican party, accepted at the convention of
St. Louis, a prominent part is devoted to
the rights of women.
"After tne progressive movement which
in these latter years has been manifested iv
the feminine ranks, and especially after
the Chicago Exposition, it had become im
possible, or at least impolitic, not to keep
calculation of the movement, and there
fore, according to us, the Republican
party did well to externl the hand to the
feminine committee that was marvelousiy
organized to obtain those rights, civil
and political, that have hitherto been de
nied to women. In the above-mentioned
programme it is said : 'We favor the ad
mission of women into the vaster spheres
of utility and well-being, and appreciate
their co-operation in liberating the coun
try from tbe bad government of the Dem
ocrats and Populists.'
"Without entering into the merits of the
somewhat partisan considerations of this
paragraph — to use women to liberate the
country from the bad government of the
Democrats and Populists — because it reads
like a rhetorical Dhrase, and nothing more,
we entirely accept the idea that woman,
she has the right to vote and be
elected to cflice,can become a most piecious
element in tne municipal administration,
in charitable work, and in time also in the
legislative balls of both State and Nation.
"One can understand that in old Europe,
where the higher studies are almost ex
clusively conducted by men.it is a very
difficult problem to give suffrage to
woman; but here in tbe United States,
where doctors, lawyer? :ind professors of
the feminine sex abound; here in this
country where woman has known how to
acquire offices ami employments before
held exclusive;}' by men, it is becoming
an absolute necessity to keep count of
feminine demands.
"The Bt. Louis convention well under
stood this, und from tho support of the
feminine societies much force is already
being acquired towurd the definite, ulti
mate victory of the party, even though
that support is at present only indirect.
"To delude one's* self with tiie belief that
the feminine movement can be arrested
is a blind idea, because the movement
prows each day, and woman (it is impossi
ble to deny it) is endowed with a tenacity
and a fore* of will stronger than that of
man.
"The sacrifices of which s»he is capable
as mother, sister and wife, her attachment
to home, the domestic economy of which
she i 3 master, are facts that cannot be de
nied and that give safe assurance that also
in a wider field, such as public adminis
tration, she would be ot incalculable
benefit.
"Corruption, the fretting moth of every
form of government, would find a restraint
in her because woman is more moral than
man.
"Socialism is much under discussion to
day and ao many high intellects are con
verted to the new faith that it becomes
iale to dispute whether one should con
cede the right of voting to women. He
who does not fear the greater should not
fear the less. He who does not recoil at
the idea o! the abolition of the marriage
contract should not frown upon the Idea
of seeing a feminine deputation at the
Senate. Thus the Republican party, which
is, above all others, conservative, has un
derstood that feminine suffrage would
form a barrier against the subversion of
the existing order of things and that
woman by her special aptitudes of heart
would, more than man. interest herself in
the well-being of the masses and would
know how to do it in a way that all would
come within the limits of the consti
tution.
"We declare ourselves knights of suffrage
without, however, rushing into exaggera
te salute with sympathy the move
ment and will assist faithfully toward
this new manifestation of human prog
ress.''
When asked yesterday to express his
views on the subject tiie editor. G. Alma
gia, said:
"For many reasons I am in favor of
women in America being granted the fran
chise. I make ihe distinction 'in Amer
ica' because in some of the southern Euro
pean countries woman has been enslaved
for so Jong that she is not quite ready for
franchise, though in Italy, and especially
in Northern Italy, our women are making
gigantic strides forward.
"Matilda Serao is one of the most bril
liant journalists in. Italy. In partnership
with her husband she is Droprietor of the
newspaper 11 Mattino, and helps most suc
cessfully to direct its policy. One of the
brightest attorneys-at-law in Turin is Miss
Poet, and I might give many other in
stances of Italian women who are showing
their intellectual equality with men.
"In the far south women, although per
mitted to toil in the fields and labor like
men, have been enslaved for so long that
they have not yet begun to thinic for them
selves. This enslavement I attribute to
the centuries of Spanish dominion to
which Southern Italy was subjected,
and the Spanish learned from the bar
barous Moors to regard women as infe
riors. One of the arguments used against
lettinp women have a voice in the conduct
of affairs is that they would soon be usurp
ing the work done by men. People who
reason in this way seem to forget that it
: is always among barbarous nations that
' women perform most of the labor that in
| civilized lands is done by men. The Arab
feels no shame at sitting at his ease while
the women toil.
"I believe as women are naturally more
J conservative than men. women would form
i in public life a sort of barrier against tho
! modern tendency to overthrow existing
institutions. They are also more religious
than men, more attached to the home and
are more interested than men in maintain
ing everything that supports and upholds
it. Women arc also more economical
than men, and 1 believe that they would
carry into the administration of municipal
affairs the same prudence and economy
that they show in managing their own
domestic affair?.
•'lt is absurd to talk as if giving women
the franchise would cause the whole
female population of the country to attend
to nothing but politics. A few might be
I chosen to be put forward prominently,
I but they would form a small minority.
If my wife were given the right to vote I
ehouid not expect to see her scut at once
to the Senate or to Congress.
"Women rind time to go to balls, con
certs, theaters and other amusements;
they even find time to co away on a sum
mer vacation, and no one laments that the
home is being neglected. Burely they
could spare an hour to register a vote, and
a little time devoted to the study of cur
rent events would not be any more time
taken from the home than if they were
reading novels or attending reception-.
"There is so much prejudice in these
things," continued the editor of L'ltalia.
"A few centuries ago it would have been
considered an unwomanly thing for a
I female to appear upon the stage. She is
not considered now to lose her womanly
dignity by doing so. Even titty years ago
a female lawyer or doctor would have been
looked upon with horror. She is taken aa
j a matter ot course now."
Mr. Almagia said that it was far from
him to desire to see women apiug men in
dress and trifling externals of manner; he
believed that the most truly feminine
woman, who seriously and philanthropic
aliy devoted herself to public affairs, would
have the most influence. He also said
that he would like to see tne noble, self
devoted women, who in Italy and else
where shut themselves up in convents,
turning their consecrated lives instead to
entire devotion to public affairs.
"If women had had a voice, Europe
would have acted more nobly on the Ar
menian question. It is my belief that the
day in which woman enters into her ahare
of the Government the abolition of war
will no longer be a dream, but will be
possible ai. a reality."
E. Patrizi, joint editor of L'ltalia, has
always been an ardent suffragist, and in
Milan was prominently connected witn
the movement.
L'ltalia publishes a weekly supplement,
La Vita, and in that paper a series of
special articles will appear on ti.e suffrage
movement, both here and in Europe. The
suffragists are enthusiastic over the action
of L'ltalia, and at headquarters it is in
tended to follow it up by the organization
of a North Beach Woman's Suffrage Club.
Republicans of the Forty-First.
The Young Men's Republican Club of ■ the
Forty-first District met last evening at Tilton
Hall, < Union street, between Gough and Oc
tavia, with . Joseph , Woods in the chair.
Speeches were mane by Charles W. Burnett,
Robert Clark and Charles W. Wilkinson, secre
tary of the club. Thirty-five new names were
added lo the roll, making a total membership
at present of 210. Arrangements are being;
made for uniforming the ; club, and the club
hopes to turn out 120 uniformed men. The
next meeting win be held on the 15th at Tilton
Hall, -which has been secured as a permanent
meeting place by the club. rr - -
» ♦ m
Odd Fellows' Hall Corporation.
The annual election of officers of Odd Fel
lows' Hall corporation took place Tuesday and
resulted In the election of J. W. Warren as
president in place of Davis Louderback, and
C. F. O'Ncil as secretary.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY L>, 1896.
hew to-dat:
: f
)\J% ZP
W \Wv \ Vv<t)
" Cupid and P.-ycht. 1 '
MANHOOD!
The Most Precious Ele-
ment of Our Physical
Being. You Do Not
Know How to Appre-
ciate It.
When a man is broken
down in his vital powers as
a rule he is not the only one
who suffers. Others, family, j
friends, those who enjoy his
company and protection, no-
tice the depression in his
spirits, the lack of ambition, I
dogged disposition, nagging,
irritable temperament. It
makes all who come in con-
tact with him unhappy.
Let the reader understand !
that all this misery comes !
from the loss of nerve foree — !
that, element which is the j
well spring of all joy, of all
mental and physical pleas- ;
ure. It is the loss of this !
nerve force that leaves the \
mind and body weak, and L
causes the sufferer to feel
that the best of his life has
been spent.
J To replace the force and j
strength of the nerves we
must use Electricity — not ;
drugs — as Electricity forms
the basis of all animal life .
It is the nerve force, the life
of the nerves, and the life of
all nervous and vital organs
increases when Electricity is
applied in mild, soothing
currents, as it is from Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
It is hard to convince some
people of the value of this
great Electric Belt, for every
sufferer knows too well the
great amount of fraud and
deception which is practiced
by makers of a cheap grade j
of belts, and how these char- j
latans impose them on the
public with the announce-
ment that they are "as good"
as Dr. Sanden's.
The following are ex- 1
tracts from letters recently I
received :
"I suppose you will be glad to hear that
lam cured of ray emissions. I haven't
been bothered any for the past month,
and am feeling extremely well. I can't
say too much for you in your attention to
your patients. I leel that my losses have
entirely ceased. Thanking yon for the
good you have done me, I am, yours truly,
Lesley Crawford, Largo, Cal." ;. ;. •
"Having suffered for a period of three
years from muscular rheumatism and
having tried all kinds of known remedies
to no avail, a friend of mine advised me to ;
get an Electric Belt, so 1 bought one of
your No. 6 strong power belts, and after
wearing it for about three months the'
rheumatism bus entirely left me. I will
cheerfully recommend your Belt to all
sufferers from rheumatism." Michael
Maloney, Keswick. Shasta County, Cal. .
"On receipt of your Belt I was requested
to report in thirty days, and, I therefore i
let yon know how I am getting along. 1 1
must pay that the results are away beyond
my expectations, and 1 now believe in the
wonderful power of the Belt. I notice an
improvement all over my body, and es-
pecially the varicocele, which before I wore
the belt were . iarqc , swollen veins, are
almost entirely and completely disap-
peared, and the seminal weakness which
I have suffered from for a long time has
entirely disappeared. . I am now as strong |
in.that particular as I wish to be. I wish
you to publish this letter that other suf-
ferers may profit by my experience." N.
Damato, Penryn, Cat. '• . '
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
will positively cure all weak-
ness arising from early
habits or later excesses. If
you are weak you owe it to
yourself, to your family and
friends and those who will
look to you for a heritage of
health, to cure yourself now.
Get Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt to-day.
Book, with price list and
full information, free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC/CO., '.
; 630 ' Market • Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office boun; ■ b a. m. to
8:30 v. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1. iWBB&&6&EUHm
Consultation Free and Invited. * -
.. OFFICES ; ATj ; ;^:- ■".','-■'
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OK-
-204 tjoutb Broadway. . | . 253 Washington ctrett.
P^^^^ : «^3 J\l I (Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the CftXX.
— — — — ■ _
the mm
SPRINGS
IT A THE MERITED REPUTATION OP
■*-*• being one of the m-undxrs of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as '
well as those in searun of health, will be well 1
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE >'EW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for RheunmtUm, Liver,
Kidney and .stomach Troubles.
TERMS Sin TO 'SISTER* WEEK.
Two Routes to the Spring!, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to ; BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 82 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bt.rtlett Springs, Lake County. Cal.
i^ f *%Xj> The Beantifal
' (^^Wsb HOTEL
>^^^6^ ifci\MMlfc
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting"
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the
center of Its lowly grounds. . Conspicuous * for its ■
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
I*l ■ ■■% ■ I A #% "ot springs, i
ISBIBCI i V 3 I Monterey coun- 1
I nllniOU dassu^
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge i
baths, hot sulphur tub and swlmminar tanks, mas-
satre treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in ■ the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and . old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, £8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. - For
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON. Manager.
. nn SODA SPRINGS,
California's Funoai Mountain Spa!
i£ ays You Bkkv Tbesk Lately? —
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nnmir-
passed. Views maKnilicent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, Held and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Posioßice.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet, \
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. • Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil- '
dren's paradise: mothers' dellgnt; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Nap.l Soda Springs
* • O» j
WHEN I'k'lAH
VISITING UMAII
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. 11. FORSE Si SONS, PROPRIETORS.
IS 16 THE NEWEST, LARGEST ANDBEST
1 hotel In Uklah, and It is headquarters for
tourists. 'VaßifcqßGnßiMlßßwPJgiHMaM
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at '
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred tree of charge.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA RAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
Is most picturesque, soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed, anywhere. A tine bar has ins: !
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and tho comfort and wel- '
fare of. all guests carefully- - looked after. Fret» !
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the .
daily stage from Pleia and Highland Springs,
Adams, beigler. Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco. 95 50; round trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. <». B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Keisey vllle. Lake County, Cat. .
PLANTATION HOUSE.
- 18 fliles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD -TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTi'ltrN'nEK, Neavlew, (Sonoma Co..
or apply KHU if. ift > i)., 207- Front st., ban Fran-
cisco, for pariic-iil. y^frggggj
ASTORG SPRIXG JUNERAL WATER.
THK FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
X cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thousands In four
months in this city: no agents. A. AKTOKG, 108
Fifth st., sole proprietor: Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water. • , . . -- .
HAZEL_GLEN;
("'OOP PLAIN BOARD IN PRIVATE PAM-
* ily five miles from Cloverdale; rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS. T. MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. UEALY, 203 Powell st. -
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE -HEART OF THE- SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets
morning train: terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LIKD3EY, Olenwood, CaL ■.. :
HOTEL DE REDWOOD. .
IN THE : HEART OF ThK SANTA : CRUZ
X Mountains. ■ Board < from t7 to 910 a week.
Campers' return ticket, %-i CO. • Send for circular
to.. ..../ -. .. •.. . ... U. S. COX, Laurel, CaL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border or Clear Lake,
LAKE COUNTY,
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards* Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and flshln??
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? bhorteac stags
route into Lake County.
All this and . more can be had at Highland
Springs. .
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are »1 50 to $2 50
per day or 10 to *1« per week.. Take the a. W.
and N. P. Railway via Pleta, thence by a short d*-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery st.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under tho Old Management
ON • AUSTIN CP.KKK, IN THK SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. K. R.. via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; Ellm Grove Hotel rates, $6 to S3
per week: tents, $3 to $& per week, bend for cir-
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor.
Cazadero, Cal.
BOCA HOTEL
Boca, O«.l,
HEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
-Li. their families. Excellent ' table and newly-
li lied rooms. Dally stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' -. For information address
JAB. McDOXAID, Boca, Cal.
fIT 7 1 fifin HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If AI• I ' V County, only 4% hours from
\(V U ITIT Sh " Francisco; but 9 miles
II |\ nil 1 1 1 1 staging: new road through
** *»a*v* vi ** canyon; new stages; sanitary
pit robins: natural temperature of water 130" Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties ; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquito* and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:80
a. if. or 3:30 p. m. Bound-trip ticket only 5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates 91- * week ; baths free. >
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
_^rJ\^ CAPITOLA.
oM™r£Ws GEM RESORT.
T,,,,..Vi.i.« b8 n.pi ifgr 3 . 4 Allies feast Of
Cliij iTtm aiT fffiMfc " Santa Crux. .
W*>U''JgL . Hotel at water's edge:
. ~itiihi il ''unaam' furnished and partly
.. . | t' i furnish' il cottages: free
~~*~£ 'Ai& camp ground: salmon
' I . * %*n and trout fishing.
~"~""" ~""~~~ — " F.REANIKR,. Supt.,
Capltola, Cai.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Dertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST - I.ASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightfal climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid, drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoQlce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and fl* per week.
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
« JON. F. BBKT RAND," Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
In the Santa Crux Mountain*.
. Health, pleasure,' swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. - Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed, ■ Send for souve-
nir. Mace at Mad rone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the Ci ly at 8:15 a. m. .1
VIII PONCELET, Llagas. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
, ST. HELENA, CAL.
RECRKATION. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
XV vallds, consisting of largo I main building, cot-
ta?e* and tents on mountainside overlooking Xapa
Valley. :•■ steam hvat, elevator, call bolls and night-
watch service.. Massage, electricity, ' medicated
and steam baths arc nmong the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
tain walks are aiuoiii; the amusements, !ure
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions flrstclana. Ratss reasonable. Send for circular.
THE GEYSERS,
■ ■ ■ Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDEK >K\V M A GKMEXT.
KATES $2 TO %'i 50 PER DAY, 98 TO 914 PER
XV week: all baths free. ' -
W. If. HARRON. Proprietor.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL • SUMMER
resort in State: 8 different springs: good fish-
Ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
910 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. ncnATH'S
HUNTING,-, FISHING. BATHING AND
camping out witn the boys, and never bad
such a good time before In my life. - Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going into business again. - I - tell you that is the
place to ro to have a real good time and complete
change. For particulars address A. B. McM ATH,
Hull vllle, Cal. - , , : ■:
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
■DOSS VALLEY, SEAK SAN RAFAEL; , COT.
XV tages and tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion: salt water bathing. ' '
MRS. PETKR SMITH, Macager.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
P* Prices within the reach of all. ' Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout,' >crofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases mail Is heir
to. ' For rates and fare apply to " '
W. -.O!XHU, 133 Sixth St. -
WHITE OAK FARM.
"VTEAR CLOVERDALE; PLENTY OF FRUIT.
Xi 1 vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, eggs,
etc; terms 97 per week. Address W. H. HI ATT,
Cloverdale, Cal. ■'■■•'.^SSSßßßW:.'": "
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
I A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
.Regain Health— Where the Tourist
.May Jtogale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
j Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
liest, Keiresbtuent and Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Kepose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in <»arments
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never T>ifts His
lihastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing; Pour Freely From
Nat urn's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
X Third and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
Kan Francisco. Fare, $7 16 for round trip.
AS" Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SANTA CATALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAHN'S telegraph pigeon service dally, con-
necting the island with the wires of the world.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
! U coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat,
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
j cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
j concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
' Metropoie now open, Island Villa In July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
I rates, apply to -
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, CaL
LAKE TAHOE.
McKINNEY'S.
Most Sheltered Spot on the Lake,
* ND POPULAR FAMILY RESORT: LARGE
-i\. new hotel, just completed; iron and magnesia
springs; large dancing-hall and parlors; hot baths.
Free Boats and Free Fishing Tackle.
No rattlesnakes, no poison oak: table excellent;
dairy connected with hotel. Terms, $10 to $12
per week. Round trip tickets to Tahoe City, $16.
MURPHY BROS., Proprietors. ~ ,
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.'-- • ..
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; y mile from
| station. The only genuine seltzer Springs in the
, United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
soda Springs. . Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars. , r -; - : ■
CALAVERASJIG TREES.
The Hotel Situated Right Among the
Sequoias is Now Open.
HERE IS FOUND THE FINEST . OP FlSH-
ing. I'ostotllco and Telephone office.
J. L. SPERRY, Manager. '
THOMAS COOK & BON, 621. Market street, ;
S. F., Agents.. ■ .- : ■ ■ ■
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
- The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from santa Rosa.
TV- ITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
' " bor; the place where you feel at home. Table
first . cia**. ■ Croquet. Billiards, Shuffle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
I Ingand hunting. Terms, fill and «12 per week.
bl*ci«l rates for clubs and large families. . Round
trip, 93 76. Baths free to guests.
FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
GO TO DUMAS SPRINGS,
i rpWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. MENDOCINO
j X County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State..'- Fine elec-
I trie and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
; feet above the valley: line view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent.' Plenty of amusements. Free dus
I to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
i when notified. Terms, 910 per week.
O. HO WELL, President."
Telephone st Postoflice.
UAIA/ADn springs.
nUWAKU p. o. putah,
LAKK COUNTY.
CHANOKI) HANDS— RENOVATED AND IM- -
\J proved. Accommodations—Table and serv'ce
j strictly first class: rates $10. *12: special terms
for families; postotiice and telephone on premises;
round trip $10: tickets at *. P. Co.'s offices: corre-
spondence invited. Address PROF.. JULES
HEUGEN, Manager. •
SEiGLER SPRINGS,
. , ■ .LAKK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
A year round.- Telephone connections.' Round-
| trip tickets nt Southern PnciPc oiSces, *10: special
1 conveyance daily.* For information address JOHN
j BPAULDIXO, Setglnr Springs, Lake County, CaL
CISCO.
MOUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT; 182 MILES
from £an Francisco, via C. P. R.R.; air and
I water cannot be excelled; particulars andrateson
application. ;IIh,KSEY & FREEMAN, Pro-
! prietors, Cisco, Placor County, Cal. , ■ •
ALTAMOW HOTEL; HOWARDS STATION,
Occidental. Sonoma County.
ON THE N. P. C. R. R., IS NOW THOR-
\J oughly renovated; good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms * 6 to $8 per week. .Special rates
to families, Climate perfect. ii'MwHuHlD.lH'j'iAJ'
DAVID ROBINSON, Proprietor. :
nONTE VISTA.
rpHE DAILY ARRIVALS AT THIS CHARM-
A ing resort of the Sierras remind its friends and
patrons to send promptly for full ■ descriptive cir-
cular to C. E. KiNNLV, Proprietor, or CM.
HAZARD, Manager. Dutch Flat Station, Cal.
HOTEL EASTLAND,
Mill Valley, Marin County, 7
NOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE-
Xi sort. MRS. J. J. CULLEN, Prop.
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
| near the Russian River. ' Terms very reason-
able. For particulars address .■'• • r -
JOHN TAYLOR, Manager,
. . Hilton Poßtogice, Sonoma County.
SUMMER BOARD AT BURLINBAME.
Redingtbn Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address..! .:...............:. IK A G. HOITT. |
.-.:: Holtt'B School reopens Augmi 4. . " !
URIAH STABLES AP STAGE COMPANY;
\\T H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TCB.V-
-" * • outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah. Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets - all
trains. Dally • stage for Blue . Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. . '.-£SBtaf
Less Time
To Cat There
More Time
To Stay There.
New stage arrangements do away with all waits
on the road to
/ETNA SPRINGS
■ Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train for St.
Helena, stage meets you there at 10 a. it Un-
limited round-trip tickets, S7. Bates, 910 to 914 a
week. Swimming tank. 30x75 feet, filled up with
naturally warm «TXA Mineral Water; tub
baths, hotel, clubhouse, recreation of all kinds.
For further information call at 318 Battery st.,
San Francisco, or address W. * L. . MITCHELL,
manager. Li dell P. 0.. Napa County. Cal. . --
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BEBWICK, KISKTVOO COUNTY. CAL., A
noted fishing ana health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths. ■ '
* : EPSON BROS.; Proprietors.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN BAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
drey» P. O. box 226. ■ . _■ .■ ■ -
EHVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OP
At Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; flshlnir, bunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
CILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
HOTEL DEL MAR— THE SEASHORE; 20
minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, tow-
Ing, fishing; buses meet all trains; children, 92
to $5 per week; adults. $9 per week; special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, CaL, or room 29,
Mate building, S. F. .■■■■■
HOTEL VICTORIA, BOXORA. CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for Its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria wllj be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee. ■ . ■ --■■■■■
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. -good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, ■ Bertha
P. P., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
AT BELMONT. SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes ' from
station; 1 hour fm city. Mils. HANSEN.BeImont.
IJROOKHIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE:
i-> plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookstde, Napa.
T ONG WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT:
-LJ send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, pal.
(CYPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM-GOOD TA-
\J ble: home comforts. T. H. EP EY. Napa, Cat.
(CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY -CALL, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one yeavforSl 60, post-
free. ?■' ■
MISCELLANEOUS.
THIRTEEITre SEMI-ASSUAL STATEMENT
■;■;- -OP THE— .
MUTUAL SAVINGS BMR
OF SAN FRANCISCO, .
KTo. 33 Post Street.
Capital Stock Subscribed ...51, 000,000
Of Which hag been paid
in gold c0in...... 3 0n. 000
ST.A.TEMEJISrT
OF THE CONDITION AND VALUE OF THE
assets and liabilities of the Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco, a corporation doing bud-
ness at 33 Post street. City of **an Francisco, State
of California, and where said assets were si mated
on June SO, 1896.
ASSETS.
Promissory notes secured by first
■> mortgage on real estate within this
State and Oregon. The actual
value of said promissory notes is.. 91,834,707 54
Real estate taken for debt... 48.253 2a
United States b0nd5........ 112,250 00
(These bonds are owned and con-
trolled by this ' corporation and
are kept In the vaults of the Na-
tional Bank of Commerce In New
York City.)
Miscellaneous Bonds ana Stocks..'... 740,718 55
Bonds, evidences of Indebtedness
and shares of capital stock of cor- •
porations upon which this corpora-
tion has advanced. ...... ...... -'65,883 85
(All said promissory notes. bonds,
evidences of. indebtedness an.l
stock certificates are kept in the .
vaults or thi* 1 corporation: and In
safe deposit boxes in the deposit
vault department of the First Na-
tional Bank.) ■ •: •:.
Cash in gold, silver and currency,
the actual value of which is:
In vault $25.382 78
lv bank .220,850 51
247/233 29
Furniture and fixtures... 1,692 23
Total assets $3,250,736 68
LIABILITIES.
To depositors this corporation owes
deposits amounting - to and ■ the
actual cash va.ue or which is 92,844,045 16
To stockholders, the amcuit of capi-
tal paid in, the ' actual value of
which 1*;.. ..:... 7.. ...1...:......... 300,000 00
(The condition of said liability to
stockholders is that no part of the
I . amount can be paid to them, or in
any way withdrawn, except In pay-
ment of losses during the existence
of the corporation, nor until de-
positors shall have been paid in
lull the amount of their deposl.s - ■
. and declared dividends.)
Contingent fund (including the
amount of accrued but uncullected
interest on investments) - 106,69102
Total liabilities „....'. $3,250,736 88
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO, ■;.-■•■
■ By JAMES D.. PHELAN, President.
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
State of California, County of San Francisco— :
We do solemn swear that we have, and each of
us has, a personal knowledge of the matters con-
tained In the foregoing rooort. and that every alle-
gation, statement, mattf-r and thing therein con-
tained is true, to the ' best of our knowledge and
belief. JAMES D. PHELAN, President. •
; GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier. ,
. Subscribed and sworn to before . me this Ist day
of July. 1896. R. D. MCELROY, Notary Public.
THESICCESSOF THE SEASON
LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OK THK
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF TELE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
All Cereals quiet.
Colored Beans much lower. ,
Hay in ligier receipt.
Feeds tuft's unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions as before.
Vegetables sell fairly.
Butter and Eggs weak. I
Poultry steady.
Apricots higher. Peaches firm.
Oranges lower.
Berries in excess! supply.
Fresno Raisins being bought up.
Hams. Bacon and Lard tending up.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Abel reports
tocks of Grain In Call Board warehouses July
i. as follows, in tons: ' *>" * '■•
WHEAT
i Port Costa. Stockton. I City.
City.
June 1 i 34,589 20,983 1,137
Julyl. I 22.694 14,319 1,007
!Barley.| Oats. | Corn. | Bran.
.i tin.- 1 6,198 3,006 2,412 a!
July 1 1 3.776! 2,23»j 1.6A1 7f
6
The receipts In June were 7002 tons Barley,
2195 do obis, 289 «lo Lorn and 1456 do Bran.
Explanation.
Tn» arrow flies with th« wind. The top flttrinn
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
•ays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
•uring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
1!B. s. connect points of equal air pressure; so
werms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word -bleb" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied .by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
Lows usually first appear on me Washington
coast. When the preys re Is high In the interioi
ma low along the coa.t.and the isobars extend
north and south alon X the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclo ed with isobars of
5.T1 «m II^ ViU f? ln KOUt " of """son is improb
able. \\ lih a -high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result
W-ATRER BUREAU REPORT.
Untted States Department of Aobiciti<-
TrBK, Weather Bureau, San Francisco, July
1, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62. Red Bluff 92, San Francisco 65,
Fresno 90 San Luis Obispo 74, Los Angeles 78,
san Diego 70. Yuma 104.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 65,
minimum 50. mean 57.
An area of high pressure lies over the ocean OS
Washington and Oregon. There has been a flight
fall In pressure over California during the past 24
lours; but throughout the Pacific Slope the pres
sure is still from .05 to 0.20 of an Inch above the
normal. Over th* upper Missouri Valley there
appears to be an area of low pressure.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the entire country west of the Rocky Mountains.
There has been an increase in cloudiness from
Northern Nevada to Southeastern Washington
and light showers may possibly occur Thursday
morning in the extreme northern portion of Ne
vada and Utah.
Conditions are favorable for continued fair and
slightly warmer weather on the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made at San Franrisco for thirty hours
ending night, July 2. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light north
westerly winds increasing in the afternoon. -
southern California— Fair Thursday: light west
erly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and somewhat unsettled
weather, especially in the northern portion,Thurs
. day.
Utah— Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco . and • vicinity — Fair Thursday:
light westerly winds, increasing in force In the
afternoon. Alexander O. McAdie,
Local Forecast Official.
THE FRUIT EXCHANGE.
The San Francisco Fruit Exchange has Issued
the following circular to members:
■As the exchange is on the eve of its election for
officers and annual meeting it has been thought
best before that time arrives— 14 for the elec
tion and July 15 for the meeting'— to call a general
meeting of members to hear expressions as to the
manner of procedure to be adopted for the coming
s?<ison and to confer as to the welfare of the ex
change in a general way. There is no manner of
doubtastothe usefulness of the exchange If the
members themselves will come to some tacit and
binding understanding to protect their own inter
ests and that of fruit-dealers generally throughout
the State. The Influence of the exchange abroad
ban been greater than it has been given credit tor
at home, and 11 only remains to form a compact
body, to work under rules already adopted par
ticularly that part of them relating to grades in
spections and contracts, to overcome the reckless
and diversified systems In vogue, by which no sin
gle individual or firm, shipper, grower or packer
can obtain his proper and just share of profit.
We want your individual and concerted advice
at » meeting to be held on Thursday. July 2, 1896
at 3 o'clock r. m. Frank Dalton, President. '
T. S. Taylor, Secretary.
M.W YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NFV/ YORK. N. V.. July I.— Stocks to-day
.were lower. At the opening the market lacked
the foreign support which has been such a con
spcuous feature of late and professional traders
bearishly inclined put out additional short lines.
Local bull operators who are apparently discour
aged by the strength of the free silver men at
Chicago and the reports that the Altgeld contin
gent will not only write the platform for the De
mocracy, but name the Presidential candidate as
well, discourage and did little or nothing to stem
the downward movement. Several clever manip
ulators forced the pace and a firm credited with
acting for politicians of national repute also sold
liberal amounts of the standard railway Issues
and the industrials. A report that two or three
millions of cold would be forwarded to Eurooe
Saturday could not be verified. "»«f^
The reduction in the premium on gold bars an
nounced to-day by the Treasury .Department,
while of advantage to both the Government and
exporters, Is not likely to lead to heavy shipments
of the metal, according to foreign banker^ The
decline In stocks at one time was equal 10 iA,(a.3/
percent. In this decline Manhattan, the Indus
trials, the Grangers and Southwestern were es
pecially prominent. Tobacco so.d down to 59 the
failure, of the directors to declare a dividend on
the common had broujrht about liquidation Man
hattan sold as low as 97 V*. The sale of a block of
lone stock for a firm which intends going out of
business was the principal cause. At the close the
market was heavy in , tone. Net changes show
losses of y^d.-A'fi, Sutrar and Manhattan leading
Total sales were 359,000 shares. Bonds were
lower. The transactions footed up $750 000
Atcbison adjustment fours fell 1% to 38i/i- Kan
sas and Eastern fives, 2to 91; Wisconsin Central
fives certificates, 2% to 33. - ™™
\I«?\ I «?i l « era . l ?T2 t bo " d8 ' * 11 ' 000 - Coupon fours of
iy*.o sol 1.1 Hi Uo>
' - , fJntin.
' FLOUR-Weak: dull : unchanged. Winter wheat
low grades, $1 70@2 25: rto.fair to fancy, $2 4.v«*
3 46: do patents. $3 50@3 60: Minnesota clear
V 2 40@2 90: do straights, $2 95@3 35: do
patents, f3 16@4 20: low extras, $1 70@2 55;
FINANCIAL. ?
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WttEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., " Tel. Main 1054
*••'..' " ■-?" . i BRANCH OFFICE V -'. - . ..' .■'. »
628 Market Su, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828
• • J. S. I'l'liJDY, Manager. ' ■
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Beferenoe Ist National Bank, H. F. -
CHICAGO.* •'*iUYA,TJfi WIRE, :' XXW '.YOBX.'
city mills, 94: do patents, 94 20@4 46: rye mix
ture, $•_' 40 <* 3: superfine. 91 60^2 25: fine.
$1 50@2 Ob. Southern flour dull, weak: common
to fair extra. $2 16@2 70: good to choice do, $2 70
($3. Rye fluur quitl and easy, $2 40(5)2 80.
CORNMEAL— yeiiow western, 92 05®
2 10: Brandy wine. 92 16.
BYE— Quiet: Western. SB»Ac f. O. b.
BARLEY— Quiet,- 42% cf. o. b.
BARLEY MALT— Dull: Western, 42@43c
HEAT— Dull, steady: V*@S/ic lower; f. a b.,
678/ 8 c; ungraded red, 58@68c; No. 1 Northern,
643 /4 c.
Options advanced %c with the West and on
firmer cables with wet weather abroad, declined
1%@1i,4c on free liquidation; rallied ygc and
closed steady at %©%«: below yesterday, with
trading fair. oeptember and July most active.
July ana August, 61% c: sentemDer. 62V 8 c; Octo
ber. 62% c; December. 64Vic.
CORN— uall; steady; no. 2, 33% c elevator;
oo%c afloat.
Options dull and yy B@Vie8 @Vie lower with the West;
closing steady. July and September most active.
July, 333/ c; September, 34c; October, 34% c.
OATS— s'eady. ■"
Options dull, firm; July 20% c; September,
2OS/ B e.
S|.ot prices: No. 2, 21%r; No. 2 white. 2'i@
22Vic; No. 2 Chicago, 'J2i4@.22i^c; No. ». *o%c;
No. 3 white, 21% c: mixed Western. 22@'^3c:
while do and white Mate, •.'3@26S.ic.
FEED BRAN— SO@S2%& .
MIDDLINGS— 6O@62%c.
RYE— Feed, 65c.
Provision*.
BEEF— steady. Beef hams, quiet, weak.
Cut meats, quiet, unchanged: pickled bellies, 12
pounds. 48/ B @4%c; pickled shoulders, 4Vi®4Vic;
pickled ha.? 9V4@loc
LAUD— Quiet, easier. Western steam. 93 20;
South America, $4 85: compound, 4(A4V4C.
PORK— Steady; moderate demand.
BUTTER— Quiet, easy. State dairy. 10@15c;
do crramery. 11%<3>15%c: Western dairy, 9@l2c;
do creamery, 11%!516%c: do factory. i-(<illc;
Elglns, 15(0i15%c; imitation creamery, 10@12c.
CUKES — Firm; moderate demand. State
large. 6%06%c: do small, 5%&?c; part skims,
2@4%c; lull sKims. l%@2c
EGGS— Active, steady. State ana Pennsylvania,
12%@13c: Western fresh, ll@12c; do per case,
$1 60@3 00.
TALLOW— Quiet; nominal.
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, steady. Crude, 20®
21c; yellow, prime. 25c; do off grade, 24%&
RESIN— Dull, steady. Strained, common to
good, 91 90@2.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady; 24i.i@26c.
POTATOES-Steady; fair demand. Southern,
60c@$l 12. . .
RlCE— Firm. Domestic fair to extra, B®s%c;
Japan, 4@4V*c. /4
MOLASSES— Firm: fair demand. New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice. 27@37c
COM-EK-Steady: 10 10 30 points up: July.
$11 80: August, $11 25; September. 810 80: Oc
tober, 910 40: December. $10 25(a10 30- Janu
ary »10 20@10 26: March, $10 20@10 25; May,
910 20; June, 910 25. Spot Rio steady; No. 7, 13
©lSVfec.
SUGAR— Raw, easier, quiet. Fair refining, 3c;
centrifugal 96 test, 3%c; refined, quiet, steady;
off a, 4%@4%c; moid A, 8 c: standard A.
4%c; confectioners A, 4 3-sc; cut loaf and
crushed. sc: powdejed, 8 c; granulated, 4iy^c;
cubes, 5%c.
Fruit and Produce.
RAISINS— Two-crown, 3%c: three-crown, loose:
muscatel, 4!»4@6c: four-crown, B@sV*c; London
layers, 97%c($$l.
PRUNE's— four sires, nominal; sc.
PKACHES-Peeled. it In, 12@13c: do unpe«lea.
c^i DC.
APRICOTS—OId bags. 8%<39%c; new bags,
BV4C; do new 60-pound boxes unfaced, 23AC
HoPS-Unchanged. . '
WOOL— Firm, unchanged.
Merchandise.
Pin IRON-Quiet, unchanged.
COPPER-Dull: lake. Sll L'Srdill 50.
LEAD— Steady: domestic, S3@3 05.
UN -Steady. Straits. *13 45@13 55.
PLATES— Quiet.
•"-filLiiil.- Dull: domestic. 94 05^4 la
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, Ir.i~ July I.— ln recollection of yes
terday's firmness in wheat there was some buying
of that grain this morning, and a want of confi
dence on the part of the bears. The conditions
rendered the tone rather st ady for a time, and
prices rose about %c from the opening or ss4c
above the final quotations of yesterday. Gradually,
however, the feeling became more disposed to
weakness, and offerings met with a less ready* re
sponse. Values shrank away, and later In the
morning the entire appreciation before mention*
disappeared. The Orange-Judd Farmer issued its
monthly report giving the condition of wheat at
79.7 and of spring at 92.0. This was interpreted
as favorable to the crop, although showing some
deterioration for the month. Receipts in the
Northwest were heavy at 410 cars against 371
last Wednesday and 163 a year Chicago re
ceived 18 cars and inspected out 45,733 bushels.
Liverpool cables were firm and a^d higher. De
liveries on July contracts to day were very light.
Weakness in New York stocks was aconsliera
tlon in the grain markets, aggravating the depres
sion to a. great extent Closing Berlin cable 3 were
blgner, and other continental markets were un
changed. Export clearances aggregated 211,175
bushels. September wheat opened from 67c
to 6714 c, sold between 67%cand 66c, closing at
the Inside. *£<: under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 12 cars.
CORN— Trading did not assume any particular
prominence or Importance. The action was Iden
tical with that of its more influential neighbor,
wneat, but as the volume of trade wa» lighter the
range of prices as naturally narrower. Receipts
were 430 cars, and 177,»88 oushels were taKen
from store. The Orange- Judd Farmer gave the
condition of the Corn crop as 92 per cent, and the
acreage at 81.702,000. Export clearances
amounted to 196,J87 bushels. September Corn
opened at 28c, sold between -'Hy 8 and 27&/uc
closing at 27s /B @-'73/ 4 c, %@V*c under yesterday.'
Estimated receipts 1 or to-morrow 500 cars.
OATS— Responded readily to the weakness. The
Orange-Judd Farmer gave the condition of Oats as
H3.6, and the expectations of the cro 1 as 930.000 -
000 bushels. Receipts were 245 cars, and 60,000
bushels were taken from store. : Export clearances
were 2000 bushels. September Oats closed We
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 22.'> cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 78c: September, 77c:
December. 79c. Receipts were 20 cars.
PROVISIONS— a larger run of hogs than was
expected imparted a heavy tone. September
pork closed 12% c lower, September lard 7c lower
and h eptember ribs 6c lower.
BUTTER— Business In the butter market was
slow to-day.
Creameries-Extras. 14% c; firsts, I3<ai4c:
seconds, 30@12c; imitations, fancy, 12c. Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles—
Extras. 10@10%c; firsts, B%@9c; packing stock,
*>c: roll, iy&tc
, A G i G^"; ere falrly » cllve Fre ' h BtOCk sold at
lv(a,l lc j* dozen.
MONEY-Was 5@6X on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange *as quoted at 25c
premium.
Closliijj Prices.
WHEAT-Jnly. 643,4 c: September, 66c: Decem
ber, 58c.
« CO^^7 Jul7l 263 /* c : September. 27%@27%c:
-May, jy ygC. -
MUM UA July - IB %@lßV4c; September. 16% c;
May, lo^-gc. •
PORK-July. 96 82Vi: September, 97 02%.
LAKD— July, *3 87y 2 ; September, *3 97%
lUBb-July, $3 BO: tseptemDer, $3 75.
i-i \ «--;< mk.
' UNION yards Int.. July 1.-There
was a fairly good demand for cattle to-day. Hogs
were in fair supply and good demand. Sheep were
doll and easy. ; «»«»
CATTLK - Receiots. 15,000. Fancy beeves
«4 65®4 60: ciiolc. to prime. 1300 to lSOolound
steers.. $4 30(54 60: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1700 pounds. 94 15®4 25: medium steers. 1000
to 3 350 pounds. 93 85<&4 10: common to fair steers,
950 10 1200 pounds. 93 60®» 80: feeder*
800 to 1200 pounds. S3 60@3 85 : common to choice
stocKers. $2 66®3 50: Dulls, cnoice to extra. $2 80
@3 25: bu is, poor to choice, $2 (<$ 2 75
-cows and • . heifers, extra, $8 76@4 00; cows'
fair 10 choice. 92 60(363 50: cows, common 'to fair
r^ « fl 25 a 25: calves, good .to choice.
$4 bOa.j 00: caves, common to good, 94&4 60-
T«xas fed steers. 93 20@l 10; Texas cows, bulls ana
oxen. $2 00@3 00: milkers ana springers, per head.
$20@40; Texas grass steers $2 60@3 16
Receipts, 30,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, 92 96«J3 30: common to choice
mixed. *3 10ra>3 45: choice assorted, $3 45ig,3 65
-light, 93 25©3 55; pigs, 92 75<&3 60
s«Elti--i<eceipis. 14,000. inferior 10 ccolc*.
*ViW3 75: iamb*. 93(^6.
CALIFORNIA FKUIT BAT.ES.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 1.-Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit at open auction
to-day as follows: Prunes-Tragedy, $2 20@3 15
per half crate: Slmoni, $1 40@l 68. Pears—
Bartlett, $2 25@2 45 : Comet. «2 35@2 45 per box :
Lawson, *1 60@i 55 per half box. Apples— Red
Astrachan, 91 80 per box. Plums— St. Catherine,
9150 per half crate; Clyman, 91 30. Apricots-
Peach, $1 10 per half crate; Royal, 80c. Peaches-
Alexander, 70c@$l 05.
The . Earl fruit Cora Daily . sold: Prunes-
Tragedy, $2 55@3 30 per half crate. Peaches-
Alexander, *1 20@2 25 per box. Plums, 65c@
91 65 per half crate. Apricots— Royal, 65c@?l 3&
p:-r half crate.
BOSTON, Mass.. July 1.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruits in the Union Auction
to-day, realizing the following prices: Prunes
'lrag-dy. 55 fl half crate: simoni, «3 66.
Abundance, 91 -45@2 86 3 half crate. •
Clyman, 91 3ft@2 35; Royal llatlve, $1 65@2 05.
Peaches— Alexander, 91 10@l 40 * box. ADrl
cots—Royal. 95c@?l 40 f. half crate?
Porter Bros. Company sold: Peaches— Bale's
Early. $1 , - 0 1 R0 * box; Alexander, 80c©
91 70; EuUtls $1 25. Pears-30(390c * half box.
Apricots— Uoyal, 66@80c ?! half crate.
CHICAGO, 111.. July I.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit in the Union auction to
day, realizing prices as follows: Plums — Bur
banks. 92 30 $ ha f crate: Abundance, $15
ii^iuM^n^ttS* l^® l4ol 8U
91 25@1 40; Mikado, 91 60: Clyman, $1 35.
Prunes— Trneedy, 90@2 16 9 half crate; Sl
monl, 91 05@l 66. Pears— Bartlett, $1 90®2 05 »
box. Peaches— Half's Early, 91 40@l 6(>S box.
Apricots— Smith's Triumph, 9126 $ half crate-
Montagamct. 91 16; Royal, 90c@$l Jo
Porter Brothers Company sold: Plums—Bur
bank. «2 20(3(2 CO « half crate: Washington, *2 05-
Abundance. $1-2601 90; <)g0n,91 6U: Sat u ma,'
91 sS:Ko«>nlg- Claude. $1 40; Koy.ll Hatlve!
91 05@l 3i: St. Catherine, 91 20@l 40- Clvnian
We<&s[ a 5; Brills, 90c. ; Prun < .^ragedy:sl l ßs®
2 26 -f, half crate: Simoni, *1 60@l 60. Pears—
Fresno Bartietts. 91 65@1 70 %t box: others, 85c®
91 ,fi half ; box. Peaohos-Strawlern-. «1 45 »
x A H « c " ', E " rly ' 7Bc l 45 : Alexander, ;.sc(s>
91 45: Mary lemmas, 91 40: Parsons' Early. sl 25 ■
ri^%Vil c t!i ) ? > * ll ' lfclMfcAp|ltoi;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
>'KW lOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange,- Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call firm at 2@3£; last loan at
2%; closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile
paper. 6@5%X. : Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican dol
lars, 533,i@&4%c. Sterling Kxcliansfe quiet, with
Actual business -in Dankers' bills at 94 87
for 60 days and 94 88@4 BHy* for demand. Posted
rates, $4 BS@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 86@4 86Vs-
Government bonds lower: State bond* dull; rail
road bonds weak. Silver at the board easy.
CX/OSIKO STOCK*.
Am Tel & Cable.... 90 Norfolk & Westrn. *Vi»
Atchlson.. 13V* Preferred. 8
Preferred...' 19i/a Northern Pacific... »V 4
Adams Express — 146 Preferred. 16V4
Alton, Terre Haute 58 Northwestern 9HV4
American ExpressllO Preferred ....14H
AmericanToDacco.. BOVk N. V. Central 84 Vi
Preferred 96 N.Y.. Chicago**. L. 12
BayStateGas...... 19 Ist preferred 66
Baltimore A Ohio.. 17 '.id preferred 28
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.<fc N. H... 171
buffalo. Koch &P. 18^ N. V. & New Eng. 48
Canada Pacific... 60 N. V.. Susq & W... 7%
Canada southern.. 46% Preferred. 21V*
Canton Land.. Ontario. .. . 11
Central Paattc . 15 Ontario ft Western 13' i
Cnes. A Ohio i^*A Oregon Improvmnt Va
Chicago Alton 150 Preferred
Preferred ...J7O Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. * Q.... 71 Oregon Short Line. 6%
Chtcaco&E. 111 ... 41 Pacific Mail 201.4
Preferred 99 Peorla, D. <fc Evans I 1 2
ChlcapoUas 60% Pittsburc * W. pfd IB
Clevedi I'lusbnrg..lb4 Pullman Palace.. ..ISO
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Gas..l6"JV& Preferred 18
C. C. C. & St. Louis 871/ißeading ISI/4
Preferred .. 70 ißioGrande&Westn IB
Colo. Fuel & iron... 20^1 Preferred. ... 40
Preferred 100 Kock Island 63%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 9 Rome WaU&Ogden. 114
Commercial Cable. I*o St. I. 48. W. .. 3%
Del. Hudson 124 Preferred 9
Del.Lack<fc\Vestrn.ls7i£'st. Paul 74%
Denver &R.(i 12% ; Preferred. 1271/,
Preferred. *«% St. Paul A Duluth. 18
Distillers.... 13V* Preferred. 8014
General Electric... 24% ;st. Paul & Omaha. 39^
Erie, 14 Preferred. 136
Preferred 33 8L P. M. 4 M... 109
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates. BH%
Great Northern pfdllO Southern Pacific... .18 ■ .
Green Bay %Soutnernß. X 8%
Harlem 294~i preferred. 25%
Hocking Coal 1 :Sugar Refinery ....1073/ 4
Hocking Valley.... 17 1 Preferred 893,2
Ilomestaka 35 Term. Coal ft Iron. 20
H. A Texas Cent... | Preferred. 90
Illinois Central 92 fa Texas Pacific 7*4
lowa Central Tol. A. A.* N.Mich.
Preferred 28 Tol. •* Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas <fe Texas... 10** Preferred. 70
Preferred 21s/ B Tol.St.Louis&K.C. 5
Kineston<fc Pern... 3 Preferred 5
Lake Erie & Westn 17 Onion Pacific 8%
Preferred.. 68 U. P. Den & Gulf.. 2
Lakesnore 146 v. S. Coruage iV*
National Lead 21% Preferred. Ufa
Preferred 86 Guaranteed 17
Long Island 74 U. S. Express 40
Louisville 4 Nash. 48 U. S. Leather 7Vi
Louisville. Na&Cn 7 | Preferred 67
Preferred 15 U. S. Rubber. 16
Manhattan Consol. 97V* Preferred. 73
Memphis Charts. 16 Utlca&B. River. .150
Mexican Central... 8% Wab. b. L A Pac.. 6
Michigan Central.. 94 I Preferred. 1.M.-j
Minn & 8. Wells-Fargo. 90
Preferred Western Union 82
Minn & St. L com. 17 Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 73 Wheeling dt L. E.. SV*
2dpreferred 40 j Preferred SlVfe
Missouri Pacifla... 19-VAm Cotton Oil pfd. 60
Mobile*: Ohio IBV3 W. U. Beef 7
Nashville Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 8
National Linseed.. 17^ Preferred......... 22
N. J. central IOOV2 BrooKlyn Traction. 22
North American... 4%'iirie 2d pfd, 18Vi
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 4s, registered. . 108341 M KT2ds.. 56
Do 4s. coupon 108%, Do 4s . "*" 8»
U S 4s new regstrdlli.3/. ! Mutual Union 65.. .114
Do 4s. coupon 116»/, S J Cent Gen 55...117V4
l>o 2a 95 Northern Pac Ists. ll3
Do 5s 113 Do2ds 110
1 o 6s. coupon 113 •Do ads 6BVt|
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.
Do 1897 10l» Do deb 5s . 110
Do 1898 103 OR4N Ists.. 113
Do 1899 100 StL&lronMtGenss 75
Pacilic •>» of "f15.... St L&8 F Gen 6s. 1101,4
I>C3-66s 109 14 St Paul Consols.... 12S»i
Ala Class A4s 103 Si PC& Pa 15t5... 119
Do Class 84, 55.. 105 ! Do Pac Cal Ists. .llo
LaConsol 96V4 Southern R R 55. .. 89
Missouri funding. . Texas Pacific Ibis. S4IA
-\ Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pacific 2ds. 19
I>o 4s 98 Union Fac lsta 80.103%
SoCarollna4^s...lo3 j West Shore 45.. .105
Term new 3s 77% Mobile <fe Ohio 45.. 65%
Va funding debt... 57 Grande West lsls 74
Do registered — — Ches « Ohio 6s. 107
Do deferred 65... 5 Atrbjaon 4s 77%
Do trust rcptsst. 4*4 Do 2ds A 38
Canada South 2ds.. 106 GH ABA 6s .....101
Ceu Pac Ists of '95.10-' Do2d7s .' 971.4.
Den &KG Ist 111»/«1h * Tex Cent Jfc..lOtis,i
.Do 4s 88Va Do con Bs. 102
k.Ti<- 64 Heading 7^84
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 6*. 100
Ks Pa lsu Den divlli 14
rOKEIGJi MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, En«., July 1.-The spot market
Is firm at 6s 2d@ss S^fed. Cargoes dull at 26s
prompt shipments.
HJTUHIS.
Tne Produce Exchance cable gives the folio wine
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter:
July. * 8 10% d; August. is 10%J: September
4s lOVjd: October, 4s 10% d: November, 4s 10% d.
SKCIRITIKB.
LONDON, Ens.. July 1.-Consols. 13-16
-sliver, 31% d; French Rentes, loot 82% c.
EXCHANGE AM) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ ti K>
Sterling Exchange, sight • _ 4SO
Sterling Cables _ 2b9iA
New York Exchange, sight — 12ZJ
New York Exchange, telegranhia — 16
Fine Silver, ft ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars 5414 6f»i
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS
WHEAT— Tne market is positively without
change, being depressed and stagnant. Stocks on
band appear above.
Exports from this port during one were 640,232
ctls, valued at *596.868, maklne total exports for
the crop year of 1896-96 just closed of 10,174 665
ctls. valued at 910,610,472.
No. 1, 92% c: choice. 93*4@96c; lower grades
87%®90c; extra choice for milling, »7%c@sl 10
TALI. BOARD SALES.
Informal Sebhion— lo o'clock— December—
700 tons. 97Vic: 300, 97% c.
Kitoruß JioßNixii session— December— lloo
tons, 97S/ 8 c: 1100, 971/4 C May— loo, fll 02.
Afternoon session — December- 1000 tons,
BARLEY— Tne stock In regular warehoused de
creased 1428 tons in June, as will be soon above.
The market shows no change. Feed 67i,wa
68% c; choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 75@80c.
ALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 100
tons, 68V4C.
HKnuuß Morning Session— December— 100
tons. 6»Vsc
afternoon Skssiok — December— 100 tons
68ys'"-
OATS-Tbe stock !n regular warehouses de
creased 767 tons In June, as will be seen above
The market is dull and weak, with several minor
changes. Milling. 2 @9oc: fancy Feed, 9066
92 Vac fs ctl; good to choice, 82V»@90r: common
to fair, 77%@80c; Gray, 80@883 c; Surprise, 95c
«g>sl 02%.
CORN— Local stocks decreased 851 tons.
The market continues quiet. Large Yellow
90@96c ft ctl: Small Round do, 97%c@$l; White
77%te82%c "¥ ctl. "^ '
RYE— 72%@7sc ft ctl.
BUCKWiInJAT— 85@90c 9 ctL
KI.OVK AND MII.I.STn-FS.
,
FLOUR— The Norwegian bark Garths, takes for
I Sydney 9200 barrels, valued at $29,&00.
Net cash prices are as follows: Family extras,'
fS 75@3 85 « bbl; Bakers' extras, S3 a*®* 60
-superfine, $2 75<»3. '
CORN .UK AL, ETC. -Feed Corn, *19 50<a20 •
Cracked torn, $'20 6Ogft2l $ ton.
MILLSTUFFB— Prices In 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: . Graham Flour
2* / ic: Rye Flour, 3y 4 c;Klce Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, / 4@3c ; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal
33^c: Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4<&4%c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina,
4%c; Whole Wheat Flour. 3c; Rolled Oats, 4Vic:
Pearl Barley. 4%c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
<>V*c t o>. . •
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— are small, as will be seen above.
Quotable at 515@16 50 fl ton.
MIDDLINUS-*l7 f>o@lß 50 « ton for lower
grades and $19@20 fi ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15(316 60; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, 21 per ton; lobbing. 522 •
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market. Juuutu *' * 4A '
: HAY— Arrivals are much lighter at the moment.
No change In prices. New Wheat quotable at J7 50
@10; New Wheat and Oai. $7@9: new Oat. $6@B:
new Barley. $507 50; second cutting of Alfalfa. $6
®b 50; new Clover, $6(£B. Old Hay is quoted at $7
tressed W^hea't. '" Wh6at * nd B ® lo i 0 con »-
STRAW— 2o@4ocf> bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Prices show considerable change and
colored kinds are much ' weaker. Bayos, quotable
at9o@9sc; Small Whites, $1 16@1 25;. Pea, $1 20
01 40; Large Whites, 90c@fl 06: Pink. 75@85c;
Reds, $1 10@l 80: Blackeye, $1 60®l 60; Red
Kidney, nominal: -- Limas, * 2 35 2 55- Butters,
•1 36©1 50 for small and $1 60@l 75 for large.
„ »EEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at 81 60®
$ll D E l I 4B P Jor I G7eVn. ® W0 * 0 " **''"* "*
POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES
POTATOES- Prices stow very little change from
day .to day.' New Garnet . Chiles, 80c@$l: new
Peerless, 75@80c; new Early Rose, in sks, 76c®
$1: new Early Rose In boxes, 75c@$l 25: new Bur
b«nk Seedling. *I@l 35; Oregon - Burbanks, 65®
86c: Humboldt Burbanks. 60@70c fl cU.
, S?oi° I L iothlaß new - White, 30@50c; Bed,
ifUA^OC f( Ctl.
K^« 1 E I A LE . - Not much change. Green Corn,
Soc@9l ft sk; Alameda Corn, $1 25@1 76 fl crate;
Summer Squash. SB@BOc for Pay : Egg Plant. 8® j
ll'c; Tomatoes, $3(^3 * b<X: Cucumbers. 50@75c:
Alameda Cucumbers. 91 25®-: Asparagus, 75c@
92; Rhubarb. 35i^50c: Dried Peppers, 6JSI2%c «*
Ib: Wreen Peppers, 10@15c %t Ib for Chile and
25c ft ib for Bell. Green Peas. sOcfifc9l ft sack
for common and 2@2%c ft n> for Garden; String
Beans. 2(& 3%c for common ana s@6c for Garden:
Ureen Okra, 26c ft &>; Cabbage, 46@60c ft cU;
Garlic, 2@3c 'ft Ib. ■ . • : !
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER— No further Chang*. .'
CBKAKEBY-Fancy, 14%@16c: seconds, 14c i
ft Ib. ,
, J> A i»y— Fancy. 18®13%c: good to choice. 12®
12% c; lower grades. ll@it%c
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6@6%c; common
to good. 6@5%c: Cream ■ Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7©Be %t It.; Western, 10@llc; Eastern, •.
12@12%c
EGG>— Very weak, with. a slack demand. Ore- '
gon, 10c; Eastern Ettcs. 9@l2c: store Eggs, 10®
lie: ranch Eggs, 12®14c. with sales of extras a*t I
16c; Duck Eggs, 12@13c %>uoz.
POULTRY AND GAHE.
POULTRY— Ducks are cheap ana very slow,
only fine large stock being wanted. Good Turkeys
are firm. Hens and Roosters are ateady. : •
Live Turkeys, 14015 c for Gobblers, 12@14cfor
Hens: Geese, fi pair. 90c@Sl: Duck*. 93@3 50
for old and 93 50@5 f> doz for vuuni:: Hens. $3 50
@4 50: Roosters, yountr, $6 (a, 8: do. old, $4@4 50
%* dor.: Fryers, 95@5 50: Broilers, *3(<14 for large
and S2@2 60 for small: Piteous, »1 25ia>i do 'ft doz
for young na old.
i > a M £. — Nominal. '
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots are bringing higher prices and Peaches
continue firm. Receipts of Cherries ' are down to
almost nothing.
Cnerr es, $I@l 25 ft box.
Peaches. 60c@$l ft box. end 60®90c fl basket.
Plums, 40@60c .ft - crate and 26<£50c It box.
Cherry Plums. 25@40c ft box.
Apples, 25@50c ft small box and 40@85c fl large
box.
Pears-25®50c * box.
A eric ota, is@soc ft box, 25@4Uc ft basket and
$16@25 ft ion In bulk.
Figs, 3U@ioc ft box for single and 65@75c ft box
for double layers. -
BERRlES— Arrivals are excessive, being 1015
chests of all kinds of Berries and 205 chests of
Currants, and low prices are the rule.
strawberries $2 60@4 ft chest for Longworths
and $2@3 for large berries.
Raspberries, $3@4 1? chest.
Blackberries, $1 60@2 60 ft chest.
Currants, $2 60@4 60 ft chest.
OH APES-Thompson's Seedless from Yuma sold
at $2 V crate.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges are out of favor
and lower at $1 60@2 * box for Seedlings,
93@3 50 ft box for Navels, and 92@3 ft
box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, 91
@2 for common and 92 60@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, 96($tS 60: Bananas, $I@2 ft bunch;
Pineapples, *!(£« -p dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
A heavy San Francisco concern Is buying up all
the Raisins at Fresno, at 2%c fl lb In the sweat
box, having about 25 buyers In the field. •
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are follows:
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c tt> for" quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana . 4@4%c for evaporated;
Peaches, J@sc end 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6%©7 c
for crime to choice. B(S9c for fancy and lOftilic 1*
Ib for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2%c for im
pressed; White Figs. 4c in sacks; Pears, 7c t* lb
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c 9 lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3>4c: Plums, 3%c il Tb for pitted and
1 Vs@2c for unpltted: Nectarines, 3%®50 %4 1b for
prime to choice and 6%c for fane*
Jobbiko Pricks— cvaporateo apples. 4@sc
V lb; suu-dried, 1%^20; Peaches, 3%@5c ana «c
for fancy; peeled lnbbxes,l2\jic V lh: Prunes. 3%c
for four sizes, 4VjC for 40®50's and 4c for
50@60's; Apricots, . 7@9c tor prime to choice,
10©ll for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c:
White Figs, 3«*sc: Pears. 8c V lb for erapo rated
halves and 4©7% c for quarters; Plums, 3%@4c
for pitted ana. l@l%c for uupllted; Nectarines,
4@6c f» 1b for prime to choice-
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, t.
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, 3c; 2-crown, 2%c V lb: seedless Sultanas,
8c: seedless Muscatels, ia4c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c ft dot: clusters. 91 35@1 60; Dehesa clus
ters, *2 10@2 25; Imperial Clusters, *2 60^2 76.
. Jobbtnq — Four-crown loose, none: 3
crown, 393 We V Ib: 2-crown. Sc. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c V tb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@'J0c; clusters, $1 60@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, 92 75.
NUTS — Quotations are as follow*: Wal
nuts, »@llc lor No. 1 bard and Il@l3c ?! Ib for
paper-shell, jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7%c for
Liinguedoc and B%@loc for paper-shell, Jobbing;
Peanuts, t>©t»%c 'r tb for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9©lo • %* Ib: Cocaanuts. $4 50@5 %1 100.
HONK -Comb 10@12%c %i Ib for bright and 8
(S9c V & for lower grades; water-while extracted,
6@5%c %* tt>: light amber extracted, 4Vi©i 3 .ic;
dark amber, 4c; dark. '2@3c
BEESWAX— 26@^7%c * lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams continue to tend upward and some dealers
ask 12^c iJacou and Lard are also '■ pointing
toward higher prices. ' •
. CURED MEATS-Bacon is quotable at 6c V
Bi for heavy, 7c ft Ib for light medium, 9c » Ib for
light, 10c for extra light and 12c 9 Hi for sugar.
curea; i-.astern Sugar-cured Ham-, 11%@12%c:
California Hams, 10%@llc rb: Mess Beef, $7&8:
extra mess do. 98 50t»9; family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear. $14 ?! bbl;
moss, $12 506)13 9 bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c 9* Ib.
LARD — Eastern, tierces is quoted at s>Ac V lb
for compound and 614 c for pure; palls. <c V Sb: :
California tierces, 4%c for compound md 6c for I
pure: half-bbls, 6%c; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 6-lb, 4 c.
COTTOLENK— b@BVic in tierces and t)3 A (fl,7V»c
ft It. in 10- tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7@
7%c ft lb: calls and brands. 6@6%c: medium,
Cfcoi/ 2 c « Ib: culls and brands, 6@5%c V Ib: light.
6c. culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides, 5(55%c; culls
and brands. 4@4%c; salted Kip, 5c ft Ib: salted '
Calf. 7®Bc: sailed Veal. 6c: dry Hides, 10%@llc: i
culls and brands, B@B%c; dry Kip and Veal, B<*9c: !
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, '
20@35ceach; Kids, sc; Deerskins, eood summer.
! 30c; medium. 15@25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
; skins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool, 2U@ ■
3&c each; medium. 40&50 c each; long wools, 500 '
60c each. Cuilsof all kind > about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 3i4<a3V4c: No. 2,
8c: refined, 5%@5* / 4c: Grease, 2%c %t a>.
WOOti — llumboldt and Mendocino is quotable
at 10@12c$ Ib: Valley Oregon, 9@llc» Ib; do
lower grades, B@loc it Ib; Nevada, 6@90 ft Ib;
San Joaquin ana southern Coast, six months, 4@tic;
San Joaquin, loothiil, good to choice, 7(£Bc: San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%(36%c; northern free,
7@9c; do defective, 6@tsV 2'2 '- «* lb.
HOPS— Nominal at l%@3c %* lb.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Macs. spot, 94 25; San
Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24%@28%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 ton: New Wellington,
$8 f) ton; routhlieid Wellington. $7 60 9 ton-
Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant, 95: Coos Bay, $4 60:
Wallsend, >P7: • Scotcn, #7 60; Brymbo. »7 50-
Cumberland, $11@12 In bulk and $13^14 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite ICgu, $11 50: Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Cannel. $7 50: Rock Springs,
1 Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
; $11@12 in bulk and 913 9 ton in'sks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Heflnerv Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6V4c;
Confectioners' A, 8 c: Magnolia a. 4(&c; Extra
C. 4%c: -Golden C, 4&/ c; hal*-barrels, ViC more
than barrels, and boxes %c more. - ■
SYRUP— Golden, In bbls, 16c; Black Strap* 10c
fl gaL .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c; second ao, 4Vi@4%c:
third do, 3i/2@4c V tb. *
1 VEAL— Large. 4@sc; small, 6@6c ft Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6c: Ewes. 4®4%c » Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@5%c fl lb. '
PORK-LI Hogs, 3V4@3S/ac «* fb for large and
3%@3%c for small and medium: dressed do, 4V*
®6c. ™
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Floor, or. sks.... 83.695 Hay. tons ' 209
Oregon 4,074 Butter. cU5....... 167
Wheat, or, ctls.. 804 Cheese, ctu.;. 209
Barlej. ctls... ... 3,994 Eggs, d0z........ " 6,610
Oats, Or, CU5..... 4,738 Hides, n0.... 604
Corn, ells 1.670 Pelts, bdls. ;"• . 105
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,300 Wool, bis 380
Onions, 5k5....... 421 Wine, ga15........ 36,700
Mlddiings-sks... 200 Lime, bbls. ... < 240
Bran, sks 505 Quicksilver, flslu 116
Oregon 200" •
THE STOOK MARKET.
Comstock values were still weaker yesterday,
the best prices averaging below those of Tuesday.
Business was very quiet all day.
The First National Bank has declared a dtvi
d»nd at the rate of 10 per cent per annum, payable
on the 10th.
The Central Bank of Oakland and the Oakland
Savings Bank paid their semi-annual dividend to
depositors yesterday at the rate of . 4.10 percent
per annum. .• The . Columbia . Banking Company of
this City paid the usual .semi-annual dividend on
the capital stock at the rate of 6 per cent per an
num. The Orange- Growers' -Bank at Riverside
paid a iem i-annual dividend at the rate of 4%
per cent, besides adding $4000 to the reserve.
The Napa Con. Quicksilver Mining Company paid
th» usual quarterly dividend of 10c per share
yesterday, also an extra; dividend of the same
amount, the two aggregating 820,000. : . ; ■_ .- : ■
_. liOAlii* ; sALKS. C •
■•■ ... ...*.';-■■,:« :» \3 -'»■ '. "'
Tollowtn* w«m thn ' »*»<« ."» the - San , Fr»a3!s3»
"too* Board v»Ater<l at :. ■-- ■-
bmuub MciMMNn iisiiny "'rnwvuvrrWr* *»:Ti.
600 Alpha." . .13|100 C Point .. .46 750 P0t0«:...'.95
lnO A1ia... ;.;.1l 1000 ....:..... 46550 :....... '94
2Rm i, !elcl .47 30 ° Exchqr...os 500Savag 86
600 848......75 200 G 4C-.,. 92 200 :. ' "87
10U 80d1e.....36 100 ...........90 200 . . .". ;V:V;V.BS
.»,, ,1, 1 , 1u»'0n...181 u»'0n...18 700 HAN. .1.20 100 S N6V....66
fnHS^ 111 *- 31900 Mxcn.....64 250 Uni0n.... 52
400 Ch011r.. '2.10 400 OccldU-..76 300 .. ..*.: . " 61
oSS,V*" < - ■ 3500ph1r...1.15 50 ..........'.60
300 CC*V . . .1. 36 360 "..-.-.1.10400 V Jackt ;.41
800 Con Im — °? 30UPototl.« ..96)200 .....V.*..i~iO
... .- . .. irntllNnos 9W«IOK- 7:11. .^ ■
200 A1pha.;.. .12 600 Con 1m....021700 Ovrmn.... 20
300 A1t*..... 10 50 Conn ...1.00 600 Potosi 98
300 81chr..v..60 700 O&C .*..:. 100 ......:.... 99
400 B «t8... .72 000 :.. 91 500 8av...:....83
100 8u11i0n... 38 60 HAN... 1.15 150 S Nt 66
300 Ca1eda. ...14 100 ...... ...I.^o 100 Union ...52
100 .3 1 100 0cc1dt1.... 741200 .......51
r.OU Ch0ur....2.10 300 Ophlr .1.10.100 YJacJ£«i..4l
200CC&V..1.861 . ■■> I ■•:
following war* tne sales in ths Pactaa a too*
'oarct yesterday:
. RitofT.AP «w»«rn!f— lo:Vi.
400 Alnha 10 200 Crwn Pt...45 300 Ovrmn... . 22
•HOO Alta. 11400 ..*6 ! 800 ...... .....20
200 Andes;. 31 500 Exchqr....06,'200 Potosi 96
400 Belcner...4B 500 QJt0..... 95 900 95
100 47300 9A400...........93
100 B &8.....74 400 ............ b9,200 ....~ .91
400 ......;....72|300 >... 90 100 90
800 70 400 H&N...1.J6 500 Savg. 90
600 8u11i0n.. ..1511200 1.162100 81
100 ...... 16 300 Julia 09,800 .... 80
300 Caleda 16:400 Justice.. -05 500 Scorplon..os
100 Ch0ir... 2.101300 Kentuck..O3 300 S B& M...12
300 ...... . M 2.05,200 02 41)0 5WV......55
200 ..:.. ..2.02% 500 LWash...o4 1000 a Hi 11 ..03
200 CCV.. ..l.bß 400 Mexn 63 300 Union C...51
300 1.82% 500... 61 200 50
50 Conn 95 (00 Occd 75 500 Utah.. ....09
600 Con 1m. . .021*00 7IUoU V JacK«t..4l
300C0nNY..03 9000phir...1.10;200.. 42
AJTIRXOON" BIMBIDjr— !:'<■>.
800 Alnba 11t450 CC<bV...1.85|250 Ophlr.. .1.10
VOO Alta 11! 50 Conn .97i.>00 li/s
200 Andes. ...HI KHJ C P01m....4?;.'00 Overman. '_'O
700 Keicher ...50 100 49l«00 Potosi. . ..95
•2W> tAB. 70700 st>.'oo 98
'00 71i200 Exchqr....Os 300 Say? 85
400 73|300 GdtC 90 200 86
100 Bodle 37,;<00 95400 Scorplon..o6
200 Bullion... 17 400 H&> 1.17 V 2 58.tM....1l
100 8u1wer....28 300 1.20 350 S Nv... 64
100 Ch011r..2.10'200 Mcx 64 200 Union... 50
100 2Vsi2OO Mono 05 300 Utah 09
400 2.16>3000ccd 711400 V Jcici....43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July I—4 p. it
Sid.Atked.\ Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 11 13Jalla — 12
Alia. 10 12'Justlce. 05 06
Andes. 31 — iKeuiucfc. 02 03
Belcher 60 61 Lady ..ash,... — 04
Best <fc Belcher 72 73 Mi xican 64 65
Benton Con 20 —'Mono 03 05
Bodie 37 — ' Nevada Queen. — 06
Bullion 17 18, OccidentaL ... 72 74
Bulwer 28 — iOphlr. 1.10 1.16
Caledonia 13 14 Overman 20 21
Chollar 2.15 2.20 Potosi 98 99
Con.Cal<fcVa...Lßs 1.90 Savage 84 86
Challenge Con. 3S 34 Scorpion 06 08
Con. Imperial. 02 08 Seg. Belcher. .. 12 13
Confidence 1.00 1.05 Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 —silver Hill — 04
crown Point... 50 62 sierra Nevada. 55 67
EastSlerraNev — 05UnionCon 51 53
Kxchequer — — 06 Utah 08 09
Goula* Curry. 94 96; Yellow Jacket. 44 45
Hale<£Norcra.l.ls 1.20 i
GOLD MINING EXOHANOB.
Champion ..... Princess
Asked 25 00 Asked 63
100 F.dna 40] Providence....
Kennedy |Bld 50 00
Bid 10 50200 Savannah 45
Asked 1200:200 46
Keystone Con. 100 47
Bid 05 00 40D Sebastopol 49
300 Lockwood Con . HI 400 60
600 32| Asked. Thorpe ..... go
The largest gold coin in existence is said
to be the gold ingot of Annam, a flat,
round piece, worth about £65, the value
being written on it in Indian ink.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
July, 1896.
Su.
Mo. I To.] W.jTh. i Fr.: Sa.l
Moon's Phases
•■
12 3 4 /TMJast Quarter.
**• ; July I.
« 7 8 9 10 11
— '—— _ _ gjk. New Moon.
13 14 16 116 17lm!^ JU '- °-
-—
i 2;i 2 ;
19
h~
I /^!\Flrst Quarter
20 21 22 !23 24 25 \J) Jnlj 17.
27 28 29 SO 31 (§) Full Moon.
'■ vsS July 24.
24
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Franolsoo.
RTKAMER
| lIK.STI.VATIIIN-. |
SAtLH.
I PIKR.
B(at« or ft,
Gae1ic.......
Bt Pauu...:.
Orizaba.
UltyPneUa.
A reals
P0m0na.....
C0r0na......
Tniclcee ....
Eureka ....
ABlancbard
Columbia...
Weeott.....
Hanta Rosa.
Colon
Walla Walla
Ann ......
faralion
Portland July 2,10 am | Pier 24
China Japan (July 2, 3pm PM 3 8
Newoors July 2. »am i Pier 11
Mexico July 3.10 am j Pier 11
Vie 4 P« ana July 3. Dam Pier 8!
Oregon ports.. July 3. 4pm j Pier 74
Humboldtßay July 6. I'pm Pier 9
y»n Diego July 6.11 am! Pier 11
Coos Bay. July 6.10 am Oceanic
NewDort July 6, 9am j Pier 11
Oregon oorts.. July 6. 6pm ; Pier 13
Portland July 7,10 am ■ Pier 24
Eel Kiver July V. 6pm Pier la
San Diego July B.llam Pier 11
Panama j July 8,12 m P M S 6
Vie & Vet, Bna 1 July H. 9am Pier 9 *
Coot i1ar...... July B.loam Pier 13
laonlnaßaT. JulylU. 9am | Pier 2 '
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamkb
Fboj*
I DOB
Arcata
C0r0na. .........
Marlnosa .......
r0m0n«L. .......
Alratraz .'.
Alice Blancnard
Hare lea ....
Colon
ColumDla
Walla Wa11a....
Willamette
Truclcee
Cleone..'.
City of Peking. .
Weeott.
Proftreso
Jdlneola
Ar»»to..'..-.r...i.
Australia.
luUHOM.
Norta FortL.,...
Empire .....
Creaeent Our. . .
Paul
JTarallon
I' malll la
Bute of Ca1.....
Del Norte
8nti01...tt. ;...'-'
Portland.
Kan Diego. „
Sydney ;....
HnmDoiat tsar
Yaqulna Bay
Portland
Newport
Panama.
Portland ;....
Victoria <&. Puaret sound
Seattle
Coos 8ay..;...
Crescent City
China & Japan........;.
Kei Klver
Seattle....
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Honolulu
Han D1*«tX.. .............
Hnmboldt Bay
Portland.
Crescent city.
Newport. ...V~.
an ulna Bay
Victoria A Paeet Sound
P0rt1and.................
Grays Haroor
Urays ilarDor ..;..:
..July -i
..July 2
..July 2
..Inly 3
..July 3
..July 4
..July 4
..July 4
..Juiy 4
..July 4
..July 4
..Ju:y 4
..July 5
..July 6
.July 5
..July 5
..July 5
..July 6
..July 6
..July 6
..July 7
..July 7
..July 8
..July 8
..July 8
..July g
. Jnly 9
..July 9
■ July 9
SUN, MOON AND XAIDJB.
T. «. COAST AI»D GXODKTTO BrrBVBT TlOS^
Bni.i.ieTi!r PUBMSKKD BT OFFICIAL V
AITTHOBITY OF THE SUPKBtXTKJTDKJST. J
Thursday, July 1.
Snnrtsaa 4.501 Moon rises 11.81pm
Sunsets 7.37|M00n sets
July— lß96.
►iT^iFeetill^i Feet!l Inne Feet 1111116 Feel
g!H W! |t, W |h W JI7~W
2 ft.OV!i 3.4 10.19
LW H W
3 0.32 1.8 6.38
4 1.21 1.3 8.00
6 2.11 0.8 9.12
6 2.54 O.li 10.14
7 8.341—0 3 11.06
8 4.12 -0.8|11.49|
1.61 5.40
L Wl
3.'i 110.60 1
3.1 11.97
3.4 12.17
3!QM.09
4.0T 3Mb
8.01 1.. .
H \V
2.2 6.09 6.2
2.7 6.38 6.3
2.8 T.ll 6.5
3.0 7.48 6.7
3.4 8.81 5.9
3.3 8.16 &1
NoTK-ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a« to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes the
nelght, and then the number given Is subtractiv*
from the depth given by the chnrta.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydbograpiuc Office, U. & NNt. t 1
Merchants' Kxchaxsr. V
San- Francisco. July 1. 1896. »
The time bail on Telegraph Hill was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— i. t\, at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 P. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. FECHTKI.KK,
Lieutenant U. s. >i. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY. Jnly 1.
U S stmr Charleston, Coffin. 25 days from Yo
kohama, via Honolulu 7 days and 20 hours.
Stmr City of Everett. Bucknam, 93 hours from
Nanalmo: 3710 tons coal, to John Rosenfela's
Sons.
Stmr Wbltesboro, Jonnson, 13 hours from
Point Arena; rr ties. toL t White Lumber Co.
Br bark Carleton, 72 days irom Newcastle, N 8
W: 1922 tons coal, to Baltonr, Guthrie <fc Co.
Baric Columbia Gove, 9 days from Port Blake
ley: 750 M ft lumber, to Renton, Holmes <fc Co.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 6Vi days from Hum
bolilt; lumber. toChas Nelson.
S«hr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson, 8 days from
Lompoc: ballast, to Hey man & Mayer.
Bchr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 22 honrs from Bowens
Landing; 75 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
schr John G North, Rasmussen, 21 days from
Honoipu ; 9852 bags sugar, to Williams, Dimond
<E CO.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing: 15« M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
Scnr Moonlight, Spencer, SOdays irom sea- bal
last, to J A Magee Jr.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY, July 1.
»r S -FL r c Ban j09 *' Ru "ell. Panama, etc; Pacific
Mail o s Co.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins A Co.
Stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Saile').
WEDNESDAY, July 1.
Stmr North Fork. Hanson. Eureka.
Stmr P&railon, Roberts, Yaquina Bay.
-tmr Arugo, Keed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Scotia, Olson.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr San Jose, Russell. Panama, etc.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, ifort Bragg,
Scbr Orion. Anderson.
, Schr Mayflower, Olsen. Sluslaw River.
Scnr Mary Bidweli, Wilson. Albion.
i^chr NoKomls. R os, Karluk and Ugaahik,
Schr Mary c. Campbell. Bodega. -
Scbr Orient, Mitchell, Coos Bay.
. 'I'tilegrapUic.
POINT I.OBOS. July I—lo p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind NW; velocity. 8 miles.
- . Charter*.
The schr Charles Hanson loads mdie to- Ko
diak; schr Mary E Kuss. lumber at Eureka for
Kahului.
' J "he Br ship Falklandbank is chartered for wheat
to Europe, 26s 3d— ls 3d less direct.
•• . • "poKci. • •
May I— Lat 56 45 3, long SI 48 W, Br ship Bren
hllda. from Maryport, for Vancouver, 91 days out.
. I'omeHtio Ports.
POINT ARENA- Sailed July Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco. . -
• NAVARRO— sailed July 1- Stmr Point Arena,
for San Francisco.
I SAL— Sailed July I— Stmr Protection, for Re
dondo. -
CASPAR— SaiIed July I— Schr Maxim, for San
Francisco.
UMPQUA— Arrived June 30— Schr Lily, hence
June 30.
. . Siiii.-.i June 30— Schr Sadie, for San Pedro
' MENDOCINO— Arrived July l--jcur Bobolink,
hence June 27. ■ ' -
ASTORIA— SaiIed July l-^trar Signal, for
j Puget Sound; stmr Alice Blanchard, for San Fmn
i Cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July I— Stmr Westport
hence June 30.
Sa.lf.: July I— Schr Queen, for Redondo.
KEDONUO— SaIIfI July l-.^.m- Caspar.
YAQUIXA BAY— Arrived July 1— stmr Alca
traz. h«uce June 28.
VENTURA— Arrived July I— Stmr Geo Loom Is,
hence June 30.
Sailed July I— Stmr Geo Loomls. for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived July Schr Western
Home, hence June 11.
ALBlON— Sailed July I— Stmr South Coast, for
Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived July I— Stmr Arcata, from
Portland: stmr Pomona, hence June 30; stmr
•Navarre, hence June 23.
Sailed July I— stmr Arcata, for San Francisco.
Foreign Port**.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 29— Stmr Pern,
hence June 10, via Honolulu.
UUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 30— ship
Bandowle, hence F*»b 11.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed June 30— Ger ship
Occident, hence March 4. for. Ipswich.
CAPE TOWN— June 27— Br ship Peleus,
for Portland. • • • ...
SYDNEY— SaiIed June 29— Br ship Ross-shire,
for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER— Arrived July I— Br stmr Em
press of China, 'rom Hongkong.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived July I— stmr Aurania,
from Liverpool and Queensiown; stmr Lah  from
Bremen and Southampton; stmr Eliza, from
Mediterranean ports.
Sailed July I— Stmr St Paul, for Southampton:
strur Kensington, for Antwerp; stmr Majestic for
Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out July 2— Stmr
Britannic.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out July I— Stmrs
St Louis and Trave.
Sailed July 1— stmr Havel, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out July I— Stmr
Wellsla.d.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out July I— Stmr
SDaarndam.
Sailed July I— 3tmr Maasdam, for New York.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed July I— Stmr Schiedam,
for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed July I— Stmr Mississippi, for
London.
For Lnte Shippina Intelligence See Fifteenth Fna'-
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS;
ASTORIA ANDPORTLANDL
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH INCLUDED.
Columbia sails June 'i 7, July 7, 17 and 27
Btate of California sails... ...July2, 12 and 2a
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. jc
GOODALL.' PKRKIXS <t CO M Genl. Snpts, .
- F. *'. COKJSOR. General Agent.
630 Market street,
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT_RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
TlrstOlass 63. OO
Second Class i 3500
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 lew Montgomery Street,
GOODALL, PERKINS** CO.,
______^ General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Asa
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, an jE££»
follows: ' i ■ 1 1 1
For Mary Island. Lortn*. Wrangel. Jnneaa KII-
-lisnoo ana 81tka (Alaska), at » a. m., July 3, 13,
10. Jo- All . .-, *£'(. '
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Kverett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (BeUln«ham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
July 3. ■'. 13. 18, 23. 28. ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. It. R:, at Tacoma with N. P. R. fi-
| at Seattle with U. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wltS
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. m.. July 3. 8. 12,
16 20. '24. 3d and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa C'run, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (Ban Luis Obispo), viola, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeiea) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. July
2, tt. Hi U, 18, .23. '26. 30 ana every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping; only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. .tuly ... -i. 12. Its, 20, 24, •_>» and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlsn, La
Fur. Altata and Gnaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. m., j.i y Hmhq -JSlhof encu month thereafter
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
UOODALJU PERKINS A CO., Gent Agent*.
- 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f% DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, IL. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, F\ "
AUSTRALIA. V/S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Sneclai party rates.
S. S. MA IP • sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July 2 ?
at 2 p. m •.-.•>. '
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRKCKELS A BROS. CO.. Agts.
■ ' 114 Montgomery at.
freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COIPAGHIE GENERAL TRASSATLMTI^OB
French. Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIER(NEW),42NORTH AM
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by *35£3#
this line avoid both transit oy English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yorit to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class* 160: second-class, Slltt.
LA TOURAINE. CapU Bantelli....May 23. 8 a m.
LA NORMANDIE May "i I a." it i
GASCOGNE June 2ft 7 a it
LA KOBmaKdiis..... July 6a. 7.
LA GASCOGNE ......July 25 11 a. m!
LA NORMANDIK.... August 1 5 2St
LA BOUROOOXE. Capt. Leboeuf. June 6 7a. m.
JO" For further particulars apply to "•*•*•
„ _^ A. FORGET. A^ent.
» v lrrrn F'-Pi * r.A lntf G »en, New Yorlc
sL^ncf.cJ Agcnt * S " M **»
! I^&qJK DAMBURG-AiHERICAS USE
TWIN-SCItEW KXPREdS
*=-■» ■ Tr^aTß, 1 -— Line from New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg, Paris A iiambur*
Normannla. ......July 9 I F. Bismarck.... July 2 3
A. Victoria. ...July IB | Normannla.. ..Au u,r6
a -i, ab - ?-i"° ana uP^rd; IX Cao., ijSBO ana unward
PLYMOUTH-LOXDOX. 4^ h.. free of cfmrVe.
by special train: CHEKBOUKG-PARIS, 6VitL
q/S 1 " pa »"»« e *JP p Hamburg-Amkrican ■?. Link.
37 Broadway. N. V., or to KAH.V A HEUZOO
Agents. 401 California sL.San Francisco: Cal. '
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >*»-»_
fortnightly for the West Indies and <@St9|
Southampton, calling en route •at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills : of ' lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and trees- •
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
•lass, »97 60. r For further particulars apply to
1-ARROTT & CO., Agents,
. ..., ■ " 306 California au'
STOCETOJI STEAMERS
tO- Accommodations Reserved' by Telnnhn™
T C Walk. ST KAMEB,: yTelei)lloM
Mary walker, .t t» .;?«t er Vi
Mary Garratt. CitV.>?*t cr V .
Telephone Main 805. Ca^Na^Ly?^ 0^
I*ndin s , MUaim. 1, P1 M «.
BIG REDUCTION RATES RAIL
T0....
FOrtTlj-AjXTD. OWL.
TH U da V ............. .... . . . . . LV 2,
And Every t Fifth Dar Thereafter.
Leave from S. p. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. ic
(ft P A Including Berth in Pullman Tour-
WUiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO
First-class tickets, including berth in C|l f\-OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. ..... CJ- VJ •
gocrc;'A|_; N"*TTO~
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at in termed I ite stations, nor will tickets 09
sold or baggage checked to such points.
jjf^gp*- Through Tickets for Pui*et Sound
joints on Sale at Keduced Kate 4.
For further information a >ply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NOlT!ir.l£,\ 1-A«;IFIC COMPANT.
(fao)F(o svsir.M. 1
Train* leave unit lire «!u«- to arrive »i
KAN MtAN<:iM'O.
i.r.\7r. — FriiM Jl-xe7. ISOJ. — arkivi
♦«:O«-. Silts, San Jon and V/sy btnions... »:-*3a
T:»«a Atlantis I'.-:rrc3s, Of-len and T.:ist.. »*4.1»
7:OOa Beniciv Vacarilie, Kums;y, Sacr»
mento, Orovillo and Redding via.
Davis .. 8:43f
7:0« a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, CaiU-
toga aud Santa Bosa 6:15b
■ ::lOa Nilcs. San Jose, Stockton. lone,
Sacramento, Murysvillu and Bee
liiuir ...;. 4 : 1 5f
SO a Peters and Milton «7:13*
O:UOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Augeles 4:45f
»:00a Martinez and Stockton II: I.la
»:«Oa VaUejo . 6:13p
1 :00p Niles, San Jose and Llverniore . .. .". »: ».lA
•I:00p Sacramento Hirer Steamers »O:OOp
1 1 :3«p Port Costa and Way Stations . ...;... t7:43e
4joop Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo.
Kaps, Calistoga, Xl Verauo fcuc ,
SautaKosa •sl.l*
*J«Op Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysvill&v ,
. __ OroTillo and Sacramento 16543*.
4:8»p Niles. San Jose, Liverwore and
. „ Stockton 7:15*
4:8«r Merced, Berenda. Raymond (for
'_ __ Yosemite) and Fresno.. 11:45 a
3:o*f New Orleans Impress, Fresno, Bakers
fleld, Sai>t:» R*ruara,T<oa Angeles. .
Dcrni n g. El l'aso, New Orleans and
Sast 10:13 a
OiOOp Santa Fo Boute, Atlantic Express
forMojave and East IC:l3a
SsOOp Vallejo 11:13 a
6:o(>r European Mali, Ogiluu and l'.iist.... 0:4.1 a
4>:U«i> Haywards, Nilusitml Kan Jose 7:15 a
t?:00i> Vallejo j7:lsp
. 7:OUp Oregon Impress, .Sacramento, Marys-
villa. ICeilding. Portland, Puget
Sound and J'.aft 1 0:4 3 a!
' SANTA <;itl!/ t IUVIsION (.Narrow Knngej.
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, f-anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations 18:B3p,
■ :13a Nmrark.i.'fiiti rvillf,.S;:n Jose. Fel ton,
KouUlt'rCreek.SantaC'ruzaud Way \
Stations 3:ser
*8:13p Newark, Oenterrille, San Jose. New
Alniaden, Felton,. IJoulder Creek,
- ' . fiauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations '11:20 a
H:lsi- Newark. San .l.ise and Los 0at05.... 5f9:50A
COAST lUVISIOX-( X Towrnscinl Mb.)
•6:15 a San Jose ami Way .Stations (New '
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
|7:30 a Sunday Bxonrsion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
-Principal Way Stations , $S:23p
•:19a Sail .loso. TreH Piuos, Santa Cruz,
*?acitic Grove. Paso Rubles, Sac -'■'.:■'
.':, l.nis Obispo, Guadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7rO3p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fi:3Op
1O:1O.\ San .loso ami Way Stations 3:OOf
11:SOa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
• <2:3»i' San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jos*
Gilroy.Tres Pinon, .Sautiv Crus,
BaSinM,MnntereyamiracilicGrove *IQ:4OA
"8:ltOp San Jose, Pacifio Grove and Way
I Statim •l;30P
•4:3oi' San Jose and Way Stations *«:OOa
3:3Oi> San .losoana Principal Way Stations *K:lHa
6::tOi> San Joso and Way .Stations 8:33 a
lll:15i- San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... ->7:43p
SAX LKAXmtO AM) HAIWAIiDS LOCAL.
i»3:00A "I ~ '• ( 7:15 a
8:OOa . /;'.../ "- '| t 9:4.->A
iS'SSa Helrose, Seminary Park, \^Hi
a l^ov Fitchbnrg,SaaLe«dro "mtS35
4:00p f «* * 5: J3p
5:OOp . 8. .rd,. B:|.» r
3:U«p n»rw»raB. 7:13 j
7:OOp > R:4i,
9-OOp i Runs through to N«es. IVAOI
rtll»iapj tFromNilea. I. tfiaioOT -
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from SAN FRiKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 8.00 11:O0a.M. U:o ° 2:00 13-CC
•4:00 fS:CO »6:00 p.m. *
From OAELiKD — of Broad ray. — - '0:00 8-00
10:004.m. tl3:00 •1:00 i 13:00 «3:00 . tlioj
. . *S:OOI'.M. r ; ".. . . ;,. t ..... .__„,._
A for Morning. r for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. - t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only. ! ■ ■
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
5 HatmrdsT' and i^iimiays for Si^tn Crnz.
SMFRASCISCO PA- '
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry-Foot or Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. it- 12-3 S.
It??,' £A lO - 6:3 2 p - *■ '^ursdayt-Ektroirlp
Md 11-30P v rd * yS ~ Eltr * tril * ** ™
6D^ioo, Y 6iio p^ 9:30 ' 11:0 A - *'' I:3 °- 3:3
SanKafael to San Francisco.
WE £ K < X D o AYS - 6:15 ' 7:50 > 9:10, 11:10 a it-
- 6™?00^ 5 T 3^ 9 -" U :l ° *• "■' I: *°. 3=4*
n iab P ovef OandSChnet ' en ParlC ■«-
Fan Francisco. 'fig**" San F^flscq '
6:10 pm 5:00 »-m San::. I'.osa. ! 7:30 pm, tills p^
_ „"„■-' :V Fulton, - T~
7:30 am Windsor, • 10:10 ax
Healdsbars;.
!:-■■'"■ ''■ Seyservllle, " .
3:30 pm 7:30 am; Cloverdale. 7:30 pm! 6:15 pic
"77^ Pieta, . ' ! ~ r
7:30 am Hqpland & \ 1010 am
3 pm | 7:30 am T?kiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 p*
7:30 AM ' - 1 10 . 10 . •
■■_•£-•-■' ; 7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:3opm
3:30 l 6:lSp»
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 am
anrt
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pjc
iif^PpMi
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for H *nia *
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pletafor Hi/hiand
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lakepon- at
?k 'ih n f J°v, L , akeport and B *n'«« Sprigs "
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper La K e. Porno Potter
\a ey. Jon Day's. Riverside. Lierleys. Buck-
nell s, sanhednn Heights. Hullville Booneville
Greenwood. Orr-s Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bra«g, . Wsstport. T.- sa i, willets. Cahto C*l
▼elo. Laytonviile. Harris, Scotia and Kureka.'
.^Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
yo^dSan^ax^ha^l 6 " l ° W^ *"
S C e tSSr^iS 0 31arket St " Chronicle bulldlns.
11. C WHITING, K.X.RYAV
"en. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
. A'-J I -■■ .r • ~«^ ■ ~*
SA.\TA PE EXPRESS, lill
To Chicago via A. & i\fe£g£^S>vrUig
pt?L eS rf very da at 5 p.m., carrying PuLm ia
Palace i.ruviiiv. rui<m Sleepers, as*' Modern up-
"°, s /■",<! Tourist . Sleepm -, U rs, with clean linen
anc, bed, un. ami n ,• „-.,. of •• sorter, run dally
fo r r i 'anaSUL^if' 118 * 801 ' 7 - An ° cX Cart
Personally . co 'lucted* Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, thijego, Montreal and the Wh| c
Motinu»l?is ie»ve verr W«fines J a-. J
The best railway from California to the East
New rails, new ties: no | dust: lntercstin? scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office- 644 Market Street,
* Chronicle Building.
Telephone Main 1531. ■.: .
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
 (Via Sausalito Ferry),
JTrom San Francisco, Commencing June 16, 189 a.
weekdays. .
F °' Mill Valley and San Rafael - 7.-00. »8-0(J
6^6 5 4°0o 5 :.i5 1: p 45 M. A - M - : I:i6> 3:io> *™
Extra trips for San kafael on Mondays, Wedn °*
aays and Saturdays at 1 1 :30 p. v.
F ° #i*fS?-"-i\ "i.f y and San Rafael -*8:00, •g- O n
liloOA. m. A ?■?■■ '^ l * ttP to Sausalito m
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. ••12-30
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. - *«•»•
'-.„_-:„ THROUGH TRAINS. : VEVAHGELIST BANE
MAY COME BACK,
Friends Resent His Treat
ment by the Methodist
Conference.
EIS REQUESTS DENIED.
Removed From a Poweriul
Church to a Very Humble
Pastorate.
HIS STANDING NOW IN DOUBT
Dppcaeuts Say That He Has Rebelled
Against the Church and Is
en Outlaw.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cail ,)
908 Broadway, July 1. )
It is not unlikely that Rev. A. C. Bane
may return to Oakland aud be offered an
ReT. a. C. Bane, Who Is in Conflict With the M. E. Church South Conference.
evangelical church. Among his numerous
friends the idea is general that he is not
v, anted in the Methodist Chu:ch South,
and that all the changes to which he has
Deen subjected are but part of a plan to
bring about his severance from that organ
isation.
About three years ago Rev. Mr. Bane
was pastor of the M. E. Church South in
Oakland. He was very popular, and there
was a great deal of dissatisfaction shown
when he was removed. A trustee of the
Asbury Church South made the following
explanation of affairs to-day :
"Mr. Bane has undoubtedly come under
the ban of those rrembers who dominate
the conference," he said, "and everybody
here is interested in the outcome. Few
ministers that have been in Oakland have
had more friends. He was a Mason, an
Elk, a Workman, an Odd Fellow, and was,
besides, a powerful preacher. From Oak
land he was transferred to tne lar^e Trin
ity Church at Los Angeles. There he
worked as hard as ever, and created so
much interest that, we believe, some of his
brethren in this conference rather envied
him, and decided that it would be a good
thing to dampen his ardor somewhat.
Bane became aware oi this, and he applied
to the conference for permission to become
a local preacher without a definite assign
ment. This was denied him, as he wanted
to be an evangelist, and the If. E. Church
South is not friendly to evangelists.
"After this he was sent to a little church,
where he receive*! about $400 a year, at
San Diego. His friends here believe he
was sent there in the hope that he would
rebel and so take himself out of the
church. At San Diego he soon built up
such a large congregation that he was
iorced to hire a large hall, as his church
was inadequate to the membership. He
chafed under restraint, however, and
said that if the conference would not let
him go, he would be forced to go. This
was just what was wanted, but Mr. Bane
did not oblige his opponents so readily.
and now there is some doubt as to his
standing. He seems to have left his
church, but his friendß say that he lifts
gone on a vacation eranted by the congre
gation, while his opponents declare that
he has rebelLed against the government of
the church, and has done what his enemies
In the conference wanted him to do. We ex
pect him in Oakland shortly, and be would
have no difficulty in quickly organizing
an independent church."
A YEAR ON A DOLLAR,
Mayor Davie Congratulates Him
self on the Result of the
Experiment
More Work Has Baen Done During
the Year Than During Any
Previous Year.
Oakland Office San Fbancipco Call,}
908 Broadway, July 1. j
Mayor Davie was poring over figures to
day. The first fiscal year that has been
conducted with a dollar tax levy closed
last night and the Mayor is like the
farmers at raintime— jubilant.
"Of all pieces of monumental stupidity,"
said the Mayor, "the estimate of Chief
Fair of $127,000 for his department is the
most absurd. The city is in a good condi
tion and the little gallery playing of the
School Board ana the Library Trustees
will hurt nobody.
"I am more than satisfied with the re
sults of la6t year's work. Tne experi
ment has gone tbrouph and clearly dem
onstrated that the city can be conducted
and well conducted, on a dollar limit, if
the money is judiciously expended.
Frcm the start the head of every
department, cave the Health Office
and George Carlton of tne Electric
Department, has lough t the measure and
done everything to make it unpopular, i
If they bad at first settled down to the
fact that we had so much money to
spend, and worked with me to make
every cent count, more things could have
been done. Remember, the city had Deen
run on an extravagant basis for the four
months before the tax levy was fixed, and
still if the $23,000 had not been taken from
the street-light fund — a thing which
legally could not have been done — we
would have had that money left as a sur
plus or exnended it repairing streets and
keeping open the Hikfh School and read
ing-rooms. The Board of Education got
more money t.ian it needed, as is demon
strated by its having enough left to equip
a Manuai Training School. More work
has, I believe, been done during the past
year than the year previous. Nearly
every cftice in the building has been beau
tifully relitted, the engine hou-es have
been repaired, sewers extended, streets
kept up, the garbage removed, and it is all
humbug to Bay that it was not well done.
Another thine. When I came into office,
which was three months beiore the ending
of the year 1894-95 we had had a nigh tax
rate and yet one of the first things I
learned was that a deficit of $15,000 was ex
pected. We did absolutely nothing those
three months to save money enough to
come out even. This year we have worked
right up to the last. _We have money
enough to pay our bills."
THE FATAL CURVE.
A Passenger Thrown I rom the "Lot An
geles Train at Tower 1 and
Killed.
OAKLAND, Cal., July I.— While round
ing the curve at Tower lon the Mole at
9:40 o'clock this morning a passenger, sup
posed to be A.Chamberlain of Bishop, Inyo
County, fell from the steps of the Los Ang
eles train and was killed nearly instantly.
The conductor reported that tne man had
been drinking heavily since he left Fresno.
The remains were brought to the Morgue.
In the pockets of his clothes were found
eight razors, knife, comb, diary and $5 75t
Th* diary had the name "A*. Chamber
lain," with several entries concerning time
of commencement of work; also the name
of Mamie Howe and a braid of dark-brown
hair. He left Bishop on February 8, 1895.
The trainmen say he has been traveling
two days, having taken the train east of
Mojave.
K. If. F. Felton was the only eye-witness
to the accident. He said: "I was stand
ing at the front door of the third car and
noticed deceased acting strangely in the
rear end of the second car. He came out
upon the platform and stood with one foot
on the bottom 3tep and the other one step
up. He let go with one hand and was just
in the act of waving when he lurched for
ward and fell, striking the ground face
down."
WOUNDED ATCOLD HARBOR
Record of Mrs. Nellie Butler as
Field Nurse During the
War.
Charitaby Inclined Women Find Her
a Hcme for Her Deciin ni
Years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 1. \
Mrs. Nellie Butler, the old army nurse,
l has been comfortably quartered at Fabiola
I Hospital until arrangements can be com
! pleted to place her permanently in one of
the homes for Indigent army nurses like
I that supported in Santa Clara County by
the Women's Relief Corps. Mrs. Sarah
C. Borland of Apoomattoz Corps, Mrs.
Ernest Ospood, Mrs. Helen Keiley and
Mrs. McCarthy have been instrumental in
i making her life enjoyable at the close.
Mrs. Butler was born in Tennessee and
; married a West Point graduate named
Haward Morton. He was wounded at Fort
! Donelson and died shortly alter. Mrs.
Morton went on the field as nurse, serving
at White House Landing, Point of Rocks,
j and then at other places until wounded at
i Cold Harbor. It was a bullet in one limb,
; but she recovered so that she could resume
operations as nurse, making her headquar
ters at Point of Rocks, where Dr. Warren
was in charge.
i |i Wherever she went out among the
j troops in the field she was followed and
assisted in all her work of mercy by four
colored servants, who in earlier days had
been her slaves in Tennessee. Tnese col
ored men heartily seconded her efforts in
the field and remained with her until the
close of the war. She came West, married
a man named Butler, and lived at Benicla
until her husband died several years ago.
She was g.ven a pension of $12 a month
some years aero, and with a homestead at
Benicia has been able to live comfortably
until overcome with fits of seeming pros
tration. So far as known she has no rela
tives.
MORE WHARVES.
A Contract Let to Build Additional
Docks at Adams Point.
OAKLAND, Cal., July I.— A contract
was placed on record from the California
Development Company to Healy, Tibbetts
& Co. for the erection oi 323 feet of wharf
at the eastern end of the Adams property,
and abutting on the e3tuary. The wharf
is :o oe a substantial structure and sixty
feet wide. Work must be completed
within ninety days.
A contract has also been recorded to
build large co il-bunkera on th«- new wharf
for John L. Howard of the Oregon Im
provement Company. The new bunkers
are to be 200 feet in length.
A track will also be built to connect
with the main line of the Central Pacific
at the foot of Harrison street, and that
part of the water front, hitherto an unused
marsh, will be one of the busiest parts of
the city.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
LIVERMORE HIGH
SCHOOL GRADUATES,
Class of '96 Receives Diplo
mas From President
Teeter.
A YEAR'S GOOD WORK.
First Union High School Organ
ised Under the New
Law.
BUILDING FULLY IQUIPPED.
The Class Is Composed of Three Young
Ladies and Three Young
Gentlemen.
Oakland Office Ban Fkancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, July L |
Three bright young ladies and an equal
number of young men form the tirat
graduating class from the new Livermore
Union High School.
Great interest was shown in the exer
cises, and the building was crowded.
Principal W. J. Connell in a little speech
expressed his gratification at the progress
made during the year, and the graduates
were enthusiastically received.
The class of '96 consists of: Laura Brad
shaw, Lena Lotz, Minoie Rathbone, Otto
Rathke, John Aylward and John C. Cal
laghan.
The Union High School of Livermore
was the first of its kind in the State, and,
following its example, many other union
high school* were organized. The Union
High School District No. 1 embraces
Highland, Green, Vista, Mocho, Inman,
Townsend, May, Harris and Livermorei
districts, and each district is represented
in the board by one trustee.
The school was conducted in one of the
rooms of the Livermore Public School
building, but the demand for ttie higher
education increased so fast that a separate
building soon became a necessity. The
contract was let in December, 1892, and
the school was ready for use in August,
1893. The class that nas just graduated is
the first class that has pas.-cd entirely
through the new school.
The High School has been ereatly im
proved during the past year, and is as
completely equipped as any in the State
with chemical and physical apparatus,
and its scholastic work is at present fully
up to the standard set by the Stale Uni
versity. The idea of organizing Union
High schools is essentially a Livermore
idea. The law establishing such itchoola
was first proposed by some of its citizens,
and after its enactment they xvere the first
to take advantage of its provisions.
The Union High School is one of the best
educational institutions in the State. The
faculty consists of VV. J. Connell, princi
pal; Miss Adriana Moore, vice-principal;
Miss Helen Tbayer, assistant principal,
and Miss Cora £. Hogg, teacher ninth
grade. Since the ruling of the county
board that the eighth grade completed
the grammar course in this county, the
ninth grade has been transferred to the
High School. i
SHERMAN'S ULTIMATUM.
Whlttemore Having Keen Invited to
Bead the Proclamation at Monterey
Will Be Allowed to Do So.
OAKLAND, Cal., July I.— The pub
lished statements regarding J. Bayard
Whittemore Jr. of San Francisco, the
great-grandson of Commodore Sloat, has
brought Mayor Sherman out with a ring
ing declaration that leaves no doubt as to
where he stands regarding the matter and
what he thinks of the manner in which it
has been bandied. He says:
Sib: An article which appears in The Call
of thU date concerning the Sloat family casts
reflection upon my actions as the chairman of
the committee on arrangements of the Asso
ciated Veterans of the Mexican War for the
celebration at Monterey in not selecting a
young gentleman claiming to be the great
grandson of Commodore Sloat to be placed on
the programme. Ido tr >" n 'end to i>e drawn
into any controversy concerning this matter,
and the least said the )• i
John Drake Sloat Jr., the crandson of Com
modore Stoat, residing at 2822 Franklin ave
nue, St. Louis, Mo., was invited to read the
proclamation of his Rrandfather at the coming
celebration at Monterey on July 7. This invita
tion he wm compelled to decline, and earnestly
requested that his cousin, Lieutenant James
Bayard Whittemore of San Francisco, the Com
modore's oldest grandson, be invited to read it,
as, he did at that place ten years ago, and he has
been invited and has accepted the invitation
to perform that duty and will do so. Inm dis
posed always to do justice to everybody and
to all parties, and a discriminating" public, if
in possession of the knowledge given to me,
could not but approve my action in keeping
our celebration entirely free from matters
which have no business to be intruded upon
it. It is National history to be portrayed and
commented upon, and not a court to decide
upon matters totally foreign to it. Lieutenant
James B. Wnittemore is beyond a doubt the
Oldest grandson of Commodore Sloat, and for
that reason, being the nearest male relative,
has been selected to read the proclamation. I
trust that tor the benefit of the public and all
parties concerned silence will prevail, at least
until after the celebration is over. lam not
in the laundry business. I am, respectfully
yours, Enw in a. Sherman,
Chairman Committee on Arrangements Associ
ated Veterans of the Mexican War.
PIONEER'S DEATH.
He Leaven a Good - Sired Estate to Hit
Children.
OAKLAND, Cal., July l.—Paul Schlotz
hauer, a pioneer resident of Oakland, died
to-day as the result of an operation to re
move a cancer, from which he suffered
for some time. Deceased was a native
LIVERMORE HIGH SCHOOL.
of Batavia, 69 years of age. He came to
this country in 1842, settling in Kentucky
for ten years, wht-n he came to California
and located at Grizzly Flat, Placerville.
Here he laid the foundation for his for
tune through mining and general mer
chandising. Jn 1868 he came to Oakland
and retired from active business.
He leaves a widow and five children.
Mrs. Addie Menges, Mrs. Dora Walker,
George, P>ank and Paul Schlotzhauer. The
estate is estimated to be worth $100,000.
Ready to Fill.
OAKLAND, Cal., July I.— The West
Oakland Improvement Ciub has secured
the money necessary to pay the expense
of fillin • the marsh at the head of Pine
street and the foot of Twelfth, and expect
to have the work under way within a week
or ten days. At their meeting last night,
H. C. Cavellier, who has just returned
from New Orleans with General Manager
Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, spoke enthusiastically of the future
of that section of the city. Messrs. Dur
rell and Huff of the Berkeley Trustees and
W. J. Schmidt and Secretary Wilkes of the
West Berkeley Improvement Club spoke,
and said they would be pleased to co-oper
ate with the club in an endeavor to secure
the opening of the various streets leading
northward to that place.
Cohen May Be Released.
OAKLAND, Cal., July I.— There is some
doubt as to whether Meyer Cohen, the
newspaper man heid at Salem, Or., will be
brought back to answer to the charge of
forgery made by Pawnbroker Green berg of
San Jose. The latter has so far refused to
put up the funds necessary, and Cohen's
family say he will never prosecute the
charge or they will press the prospective
father-in-law on a charge of opening
Cohen's mail. Unless something is done
at once instructions will be wired to re
lease Cohen.
Went After Braynard.
OAKLAND, Cal., July L— Constable
j Koch went to Redding to-day to brine
; back City Attorney Charles H. Braynara
j of that city, who is c arged with com
l plicity in the alleged footrace swindle at
Shell Mound, whereby U. H. Williams, the
mining man, claims he was bunkoed out
of $500. He is expected in the morn
! ing with his prisoner and may have
! some trouble to get clear, as he is reported
■ to have declared the race was run sauarc,
j while others contradict uira.
Fiiiled to Answer.
OAKLAND, Cal., July I.— J. Dougherty,
charged with burglarizing a henhouse,
failed to answer wnen his case was called
by Judge Greene, and a bench warrant
was issued for him. Dougherty disap
peared over the wall aboui six weeks ago
and has kept out of sight of the Sheriff's
men since.
TRUSTEES ARE JUSTIFIED
Judge Frick Approves the City's
Action in Enlarging Its
Light Works.
The Report of the Library Trustees
Shows a Phenomenal Increase
of Readers.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July I.— The injunc"
tion case of Fleming against the City
Trustees was resumed this morning. Ail
the City Trustees and city officials were
present as well as School Director Lank
tree, Brainard C. Brown, secretary of the
Municipal League, I. P. Allen of the
Library Trustees and T. G. Daniells.
After Trustees Forderer, Fietter and
Clark had been examined on behalf of the
city Judge Frick said he wanted to hear no
further evidence. In his opinion the City
Trustees were justified in incurring the
expenditures for the power at the electric
light works. AH he wished now was to
have the arguments of counsel on the
point of the city having power to sell light
to the citizens. Five days' time was
granted counsel to file their briefs on the
question.
Library Trustees' Report.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jnly I.— The Board of
I Library Trustees has filed its annual
1 report with tue City Clerk, together with
| the report of the librarian, as provided for
! under section XI of the act of 1880.
The receipts for the year are given as
! $10,298 38 and the disbursements $7359 19,
■ leaving a balance of $2939 19.
Particular stress is laid on the pbenom
; enal increase in the circulation of books
j for home use, "which ha« rapidly and
i steadily increased from 51,132 volumes for
| 1892-93 to 115.126 volumes for the year just
' ended. Few libraries of double our num
ber of volumes can show such figures."
Further on the trustees with pardonable
pride claim "that our expenditure on
salaries and working expenses Is remark
ably less than that of any other library of
similar size or circulation in the United
States."
According to the report extensive pur
chases have been made for the reference
department, and the library has been
made a part of tiie public sctiooi system
by affording every facility for furthering
the work laid out in the new course of
study.
The librarian's report shows that there
are 20,416 volumes on the shelves, of which
14,726 are in general circulation. The
daily issue of books averages 378 volumes,
and only twenty-one are said to be miss
ing. The number oi books circulated
during the year reaches 115,126, and
the average cost to circulate them is
2.1 mills per volume. Before free access
to the shelves was given, with half the
circulation, the cost was over 4 mills per
volume. Readers have bad free access to
the book shelves during the past three
years.
Mr». Schmidt'* Funeral.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July I.— The pall
bearers who assisted this afternoon at the
funeral of Mrs. Augusta Schmidt from
Odd Fellows' Hall were: Thomas Linton,
C. J. Hammond, Charles E. Damon, George
Fox, J. Goidstone and Isaac Fletcher, it
was held under the auspices of Alaraeda
Rebekah Lodge No. 107, of which deceased
was a member.
Making Due Preparation.
ALAMEDA. Cal., July I.— Fire Chief
Krauth has issued special instructions to
the householders of the city and the vari
ous iire companies under his control
which he wishes observed on the Fourth
| of July.
FRANK HADSELL'S
RED WAGON HOUSE,
Socialism to Be Spread by
a Party of Able
Lecturers.
WILL TOUR THE STATE.
Addresses to Be Made From the
Steps ot the Queer
Vehicle.
READING MATTER GIVEN AWAY
Towns All Along the Coast Will Be
Visited This Summer— A Suc
cess in the East.
The socialists of this City have accepted
a proposition whereby they will be able to
spread socialistic doctrines and literature
all over the State. The means is new on
this -ide of the Rocky Mountains, but it
has worked successfully in the East. The
| plan is to send out a wagon with literature
j and speakers, who stop wherever night
j overtakes them and discuss matters of
I political economy with any and all who
i are interested in the subject in any of its
j various branches.
Next week Frank Hadsell and two other
socialists will leave this City for the
northern counties on such a mission. The
| vehicle they will travel in is different in
many respects from any ever s»en here
before. The idea originated with Mr..
Hadsell, who is an earnest member of the
Socialist Labor party. He stated yester
day that for years he had not been in good
health and he determined to live out of
doors as much as possible.
A year ago he began to put his plan
into operation. He built a wagon that
will answer his purposes. Mounted upon
a heavy running-gear is a little house ten
feet eight inches in length by six feet wide
and six feet high. In the sides are six
windows for light and air. The interior is
neatly and compactly fitted up. It con
tains two cupboards and several little
cubbyholes for storing away necessary ar
ticles. The bed is a woven wire mattress
in an iron frame, which in the day time is
hoisted and fastened to the ceiling, and at
night it is let down and rests on tne boxes
over the wheels.
In the front end is the cook stove, of the
camp order, and under the driver's seat
all the necessary provisions will be car
| ried. A tin box, the width of the wagon.
| is placed under the footrest, and this will
. serve as a wardrobe for the traveler's extra
I clothing. The entire wagon is painted
! red. In the East ths socialists' red nag is
displayed from the top of this class of
vehicles, but no flag will be carried on Mr.
Hadsell's bouse on wheels. Mr. Hadsell
will be provided with shotguns and fish
ing tackle to provide hiriself with amuse
ment and his larder with food. A pair of
stout horses will be attac hed to the rie.
Mr. Hadsell stated that it is strictly a
private venture, but that he gave the so
j cialists an opportunity to carry on their
i propaganda work throughout the State.
i Who his companions will be is not yet
I stated. They will start first into Sonoma
j County, thence to Mendocino, Lake, Yolo
| and other counties still further to the
I north. Wherever they can sectvo audi
ences, either in towns or in thickly in
nabited districts, they will deliver ad-
I dresses. If halls can be obtained cheap,
!so much the better. If not, the speakers
I will deliver their addresses from the steps
of the strauge red wagon.
The local branches and the San Fran-
I Cisco section will furnish the party with
i plenty of literature for sale and free dis
| tribution to all interested. This is right
I In the line of the local socialists' efforts.
I The State executive committee recently
! decided to send the State organizer into
! the interior to form branches wherever
possib'e. It has been suggested that State
Organizer E. T. Kingsley will form one of
the trio, but if he does not, he will no |
The Wagon-House That the Socialists W.ll Use While Traveling Over the
State Teaching 'iheir Doctrines.
doubt, a little later, visit many of the
towns along the route taken by the wagon
party.
After touring the northern part of the
State Mr. Hadsell and bis companions
will turn their horses' heads toward the
citrus belt, where the same line of work
will be carried on.
As stated, in the East these wagon par
ties have accomplished much in t!>e way
of making converts to socialistic doc- !
trines. Tiiere are many places where the j
inhabitants are ripe for a change in mat
ters political, but bein« distant from the
great centers of civilization where social
ism has its stronghold* they are not
familiar with the principles of the doc- i
trines. in many instances they rate i
socialism and anarchy in the same class, j
In such districts the Eastern lecturers ■
find the ground ripe for the seed, and the j
success of their teachings is plainly mani- I
lest by the increase in the Presidential I
vote for the socialists' candidate. The so- {
cialists of Chicago, St. Louis, New York
and several other large cities have these
lecturers out in the country all of the time
and pay all of their expenses. In several j
instances the wagons have never returned
to the places from which they started.
It may be so in this instance, for Mr.
Hadsell has no idea when he will return,
and it may be that he will never come
back.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Sales
GEO. F. LAMSON, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lO Kcarny Street.
THIS DAY.
Thursday. ......'......„ July 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. x., on the premises, °
2020 SUTTEH. ST.,
I WILL SKI. I.
The Superior Furniture of Residence,
COMPBISINO...._
Odd Pieces Parlor Upholstery, Oriental Conch,
Kasy Chairs un 1 Rockers; Fine ( rnaments, Pic-
tures, Lace Curtains: 1 %V»lnut Bookcase. Lot
Klchly-bound German Books, including Schiller
and other German authors; Handsome Carpets,
Hall Hat Stand; 2 Valuable Office Desks; 2 Fine
Oak Chamber Salts, Kxtra Mattresses, Finest
Pillows, Blankets and BedJing; Palace Extensi. n
Table, Walnut Dining Chain; China. Glass and
Plated Ware; 1 Improved Range, with other use-
ful articles. -
Terms- Cash.
. - GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
310-321 Sutter St., Above Grant Aye.
. AT SAI/ESROOH THIS DAY,
Thur5day................." July 2, 189«,
At 10:30 o'clock, a. m.,\,
I Will Sell the Elegant and Complete
Furnishings of Three Private Houses,
Consisting of an unusually line line of Parlor,
Bedroom, Dining-room, Library and Kitchen
Furniture and Carpets.
S. BABCH, Auctioneer.
ALLEN COWAN,
Auctioneer, 230 Sutter St., San Francisco,
Will sell at PI 3 Powell St., FRIDAY, the 3d,
without reserve, a 6-room flat, containing a 9400
piano, sewing-machine, foiding-beds, etc. See to-
morrow's papers for particulars.
POLITICS IN BERKELEY.
The McKinley League Organizes
and Prepares for the
Fray.
Prominent People Unite in the In
terest of Horticulture — Society
Events
BERKELEY, Cal., July I.— The McKin
ley League met last evening at Odd Fel
lows' Hall, and adopted a set of by-laws
and took other measures necessary to com
plete its organization.
The Edgar Republican Club came up for
a considerable scoring at the hands of J.
W. Striker, who maintained his former
position in declaring that the Edgar Club
had no right to exist as a representative
Republican organization, since they had
not received recognition from the State
Central Committee, as had hia own clab.
The Edgar Club was called a "fake
club" by some of tje Striker men, who
took the position that Robert Edgar had
organized it because he did not receive
sufficient recognition from the Striker
Club.
A special committee, consisting of
Messrs. Kemson, Herlitz and James, was
appointed to secure a permanent place of
meeting, as well as deciding upon posi
tions for the hanging of campaign banners
and flags.
The committee on constitution and by
laws, consisting of A. L. Ott, E. J. Wick
son, John Foy, E. Claresy, H. D. Irwin, J.
Hamilton, William Heywood, recoru
niended the establishment of local McKin
ley Leagues in different parts of the town,
such clubs to have their own constitution
and by-laws if desired, but to adopt the
name of "McKinley League."
Wedding Bells.
BERKELEY. Cal., July I.— The wed
ding of John Edwin Holden and Miss
Amy Ruskin took place this afternoon at
the North Berkeley Congregational
Church. The bride was attended by Miss
Lucy E. Holden, sister of the groom, and
the groom himself by Henry Goertzhain
of San Francisco.
The newly married couple left for Caatle
Crags this evening on their honeymoon.
To Cultivate Flowers.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 1.— A floral
society, made up of a large number of
prominent citizens of the town, as well as
mem bers of the faculty and their wives,
was formed last nieht at Stiles Hall. The
purpose of the organization will be to en
courage the cultivation of flowers, the
[ beautifying of the gardens and public
places of the town, and the study of
the California flora.
Following were the I officers elected :
President, Frank M. Wilson; Tice-presi
dent, Professor W. A. Setchell; account
ant, Professor Carey Jones; recording sec
retary, John Martin; corresponding secre
tary, John F. Sims; directors in addition
to the officers named— W. H. Smyth, \V.
|T. Barnett; members of the advisory
! board— Mrs. W. S. Wattles, Miss Eva Car
| lin, Miss Juliet Garber, Mrs. Clinton Day,
Mrs. Seabury, Colonel Greenleaf, John
Hinkle and Major Walter Gale.
Heath Given Six Months.
[ BERKELEY. Cal., July 1. — Charles
Heath, the negro who assaulted Walter
> McEntee last week with a razor, was sen
tenced this morning by Jud^e James to
I six months in the County Jail. By agree
ment of Heath's attorney and the Assist
i ant District Attorney the charge was re
duced to assault and battery and Heath
pleaded guilty.
Before leaving the courtroom Heath
promised Judge James that be would
■ never come back to Berkeley again, but
I would set up a bootblack-stand in some
other clime.
Interesting News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., July I.— The Repub
lican club of the West End held its regu
lar meeting this evening at the clubrooms
THIS DAY AT 11 A. M.,
330 Oak Street, Near Laguna,
I WILL SELL THE
Elegant Piano, Magnificent Parlor.
Chamber and Dlnlng-Room
FURNITURE
Contained in Above Residence of 12 Rooms.
. . FRANK W. BUTTER FIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Moatgomery Street.
Watch Oat for Sale Friday, Jnly 3, 1896.
1 1O Ellis Street.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 5181.
Stook and Fixtures of a French Deli-
catessen Store at Auction •■■ . ■■■'
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, July 2, 1896. at 11 a. it., we will sell
at store, 1637 Polk St., bet. Sacramento and Clay,
the Fine Counters, shelving, Nickel Showcases,
Counter Scales, Clock. Mirrors. .Linoleum, Oak
Dlning-chairs, Imported French Canned Goods,
consisting of Pate de Fols Gras, Peas. Sauces,
Olive Oil, Pickles. Claret, etc.; 1 Fine 6-foot
French Range, with boiler complete; Gas Fix-
tures, Kitchen Utensils and many other useful
articles.
EDWARD 8. SPEAR * CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Batter street.
£& fe> fe £*
WILL SELL AT AUCTION
AT TUB : i^.-.-
new york: stables,
507 JESSIE STREET,
Thursday..... July 2, 1890,
At 11 O'clock a. M.,
Ten Head of Horses. Wagons, Carts,
Buggies, Harness Etc.
M. J. McBRIDR. Auctioneer.
on University avenue. Several rousing
speeches were made by its members.
The merchants of Berkeley are com
mencing to decorate their places of busi
ness in honor of the Fourth.
Berkeley is to have a new fire chief.
Last evening the Pera.'ta Fire Company
placed D. J. Keene in nomination for the
position.
The Oriole Athletic Club of Lorin held
a huh jinks last evening at their club
rooms. The performance, which included
singing, music and speeches, was con
cluded with a dancing party.
A hose company has been organised at
Berryman, North Berkeley, with the fol
lowing officers: President, H. J. Bquires;
secretary, A. Vollner; treasurer, E. Voll
ner.
The armory at the State University has
undergone a change. The office of Lieu
tenant Winn has been moved to the new
Mechanics' building, and the space for
merly devoted to his office in North Hall
will be added to the armory.
The Call's business headquarters in
Berkeley have been gayly decorated by
tne agent, C. L. Taber, with bunting, flags
and a shield, commemorative of the Na
tion's birthday.
Court Ocean View, Foresters of America,
has elected the following officers: Chief
ranger, John Donahue; sub-ranger, Eu
gene Ehret; senior woodward, Harry
Dean; junior woodward, W. Doane; senior
sentry, P. Pasch ; junior sentry, Charles
Kimball; financial secretary, D. Mc-
Laughlin; trustee, Charles Loebs.
Trustee Cripps of the Fire and Water
Committee of the Board of Trustees is
investigating the feasibility of connecting
all the firehouses in town with electricity
that the department may the more suc
cessfully combat the destructive element.
News has reached Berkeley of the death
in Montvalo, Ventura County, of Harry
Cook of the university class of '99. The
cause of his death was appendicitis.
President Kellogg of the State Univer
sity left yesterday morning for Oak Grove,
Calaveras County, to join Mrs. Kelloeg,
who has been there for some time. Pro
fessor Irving Stringham, the dean, has
been empowered to act in the absence of
President Kellogg.
The West Berkeley Populists held their
regular meeting last evening at their club
rooms on Fourth street and University
avenue.
Lectured Severely.
OAKLAND, Cal., July I.— The case of
Walter Land, the son of H. B. Land of the
Salvation Army, was tried before Judge
Wood this morning. Eva Verrill, as com
plaining witness, testified that while riding
a bicvele he threw a lasso around her
neck, causing an ugly scratch. The boy
said it was done in a thoughtless moment
and with no idea of harm. Judee Wood
gave the boy a severe lecture and let him
go on promise not to offend again.
M'KINLEY INDORSED.
The Army and Navy Republican League
Shows Its Colors.
Leland Stanford Camp No. 2, Army and
Navy Republican League of California,
held a large and enthusiastic meeting at
headquarters, 26 O'Farreil street, last even
ing. The following resolution was passed:
Resolved, That we hereby ratify and indorse
the nomination of President andVice-Presldent
recently made at the National Republican
Convention at St. Louis. That the nomination
of Comrade William McKinley is especially
gratifying to us as soldiers and sailors of the
late war, and as Republicans, and that he is
worthy and entitled to the support of every
old soldier and sailor in the land. And we
hereby pledge ourselves to put forth every
honorable effort to the end that California
may be redeemed this fall as a Republican
State.
StiTing remarks were made by thecom
mander-in-chief. Robert A. Freidrich,
Adjutant-General James Kip, Audie L.
Ballou, Commander W. S. Blackburn of
Camp 2, and others. Then the camp ad
journed to the banquet hall, where re
freshments were served to the satisfaction
of the boys.
SUCCUMBS TO BEART FAILERE.
Ex-Postmaster liottcorth of Grass Valley
Passes' Away.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., July I.— Ex-
Postmaster S. D. Bos worth died this after
noon of heart disease. He was father-in
law to James Kerr of San Francisco. He
•*as also one of the oldest inhabitants and
lived in tne house formerly, owned by Lola
Monttz. He was a native of Massachu
setts, aged 73. . , .
♦
The Tiawson due at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., July I.— This was an
uneventful day in the Dawson case.
Plaintiff's attorneys closed their case this
morning, reserving the right to read some
depositions of California witnesses which,
it was stated were mailed from Stockton
yesterday. The defense then opened.
Fred Struve, the society leader, Douelass
Almond and Charles Esplin, alleged co
respondents, consumed tne remainder of
the day in giving testmony. All denied
any intimacy with Mrs. Dawson.
- " — ♦"
I* Ladies of Honor,
Official Knight* and Ladies of Honor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 1. — Mistletoe
Lodge, Knights and Ladies of Honor, have
elected the following officers: Past pro
tector, Mrs. N. O. Bourguignon; protector,
IT. M. Eley; vice-protector, J. B. Lanigan;
secretary, H. C. Trephagen ; treasurer,
E. Bourguignon; guide, Miss Delia Mao
abee; chaplain, Mrs. H. W. Felton; sen
tinel, Frank Bourguignon; guardian, G.
A. Skinner.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARW r Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing oil body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen.
others fall. Try htm. Charges low.
(nif«eii»r»nl.f(l. Call or write.
Dr. J. t'. UIBBON. Box 1937. San FtancUoa
1314
SOME MIXED TROTTING.
The Talent Stayed With Athena,
but Humboldt Maid Had
More Speed.
LADIES WERE OUT IN PROFUSION
Solo, Clay S and Addison All Demon
strated Their Ability to Win
Oats and Purses.
A beautiful day for racing purposes and
a free gate for the ladies drew a much
larger crowd to witness tne trotting events
at Ingleside than was present on the day
preceding. The card was one that the
veterans found hard to enthuse over and
Auctioneer Al Leach nearly threw a splint
in an endeavor to brace the betting up,
which had a tendency toward sJuggisb
ness. However, his persuasive tongue
was not without its effect, and before the
day was over the weather-worn wallets
from "up country" were unstrapped and
the wagering brightened up somewhat.
Tie decision of the judges in the case of
Driver Albertson, who was suspended for
alleged crooked handling of the horse
Strathmont on Tuesday, will undoubtedly
stand, as Secretary F. W. Kelley stated
yesterday that Judge Cohen had settled
the entrance money due the National
Trotting As sociation with the local »sso
ciation on Saturday last. It is said the
ruling will shortly have a rehearing at a
special meeting.
Nothing of a sensational character
marked the day's sport. Starter McNair
was in his usual good form and sent the
fields, which were, small, in almost perfect
alignment. .: . 'f
. The opening event, the 2:35 trot for a
$460 purse, was trotted under the new
regime, making every heat a race. Five
came out for the word, with Clay 8 hold
ing sway in the pooling at $11, Addison
bringing $10, and the field, consisting of
Eliert, Solo and Sonatine, going for $8.
Ellert drew the pole and showed, promi
nently in the lead to the half. Clay S and
Addison both went in toe air turning
down the backstretch, the former almost j
stopping to a walk. Nelson quickly picked
Addison up and overhauling Ellert at the j
far turn sent him to a break. Addison i
then took the heat cleverly in 2:27%, with
Eliert barely heading Solo out for second
money.
For the second chunk to be sliced out of
the purse Ad'tison on his good showing '■
was now in brisk demand, bringing $10 ■
against $7 for Clay S and $6 for the held.
The favorite broke at the first turn and
Sanders behind Solo gained the rail posi
tion. The mare held the lead until after
passing the half pole, when Clay S over- I
took her, and, going to the front, cap- i
lured the heat in a jog, with Solo second, j
a couple of lengths before Adaison. Time, <
2:25}*. . .■
For the remaining heat Clay S again !
held sway, fetching $10, Addison $6 and
the field $4. The tirst choice was un
steady, leaving his feet at the first turn
and again at the halt. Addison turned
into the homestretch a length ahead of
Ellert, with Solo a close third. Below the
furlong pole Ellert bioke, and finishing
gamely, Solo gradually drew up on Addi
son, and in an exciting finish beat him
out half a length in 2:25%.
The 2:24 trot for a purse of $1000 was
second on the card and brought out a
field of six starters. Athena, the Palo
Alto stock farm entry, with a two-year-old !
record of 2:2b\i, a half-sister to Aria |
(2:16%), the sensational two-year-old of
1894, was made favorite, and after flatter
ing her backers by taking the tirs't heat
from Hum bold t Maid very cleverly 'in 2:18
was beaten in the following three. Tiie
Maid made a disastrous break just before
turning into the stretch or the result
might have been different in the opening !
heat. The betting, which had been Athena I
$10, the field $1, was now Athena $10 and
the field going begeing at $4. The game
iittle Humboldt Maid was steady as clock
work when next she came out, and placed
three straight heats to her credit in 2:17,
2:23,2:20. Driver HogODoom was accord
ed an ovation, which he acknowledged by
doffing his velvet cap. Athena was second
in each of the deciding heats, with the ex
ception of the third, when she was beaten
out for the place by Galette.
SI ART.
2:35 class, trotting; purse $450; three heats,
$150 ench heat.
Sola b. m., by McKlnney— by Stamboul
(Sanders) 32 1
AdUlson, bile, h., by James Malison— by
Berlin (Nelson) .....;. .........1 2
Clay S. by Grover Clay— Whippleton
(Gannon) .5 14 .
"Ellert, b.~g., by Stambonl— by Artburton
(Casey) : 25 3
Sonatine, b. m., by Athadon —by Onward -
■ (Carte) »...-.....:....„«..: :..:.. ..4 4dls
Time. 2:27%— 2:2514-2:25%. •
Trotting, 2:24 class: purse $1000, 3 In 5.
Humboldt Maid, br. m., by Waistein— by
Nancy Moor (H. 8. Hogoboom) *. 2 111
Athena b. m., by Electioneer-Ashy— by ■•
. General Benton (Dustin) .. .*. ■.;. 12 32
Galette, bl«. m., by John Wilkes— by Gale . -
Com (Hodges) ...» 3323
Los Angeles, br. g.,by Woodlark— by Brown
Chief (Maben) 4444
Medico, b. g., by Hewlett's Kcho— by
. Briam (Durfee) 6 dla.
King of the King, s. jr., by Silver King—
. Brigadier (W. Hogoboom) die.
Time, 2:15—2:17— 2:23— 2:20.
NOTES,
Addison headed Solo out in the third
heat of the opening event, but was placed
second for running un^.er the wire.
Los Angeles, driven by Walter Maben,
was accorded no little backing to win the
2:24 trot, but broke repeatedly in the
different heats, proving a disappointment
all around.
After Humboldt Maid had taken the
second heat of her race, the betting
switched and she sold even up against the
field. Before the deciding heat the bet
ting was stagnant, the Maid bringing $20
against $7 for all the others.
Following are to-day's entries:
2:17 class, trotting, purse $1000— Bruno,
b. 8., entered by C. Z. Herbert; Freeland, b. g."
J. C. Linneman; George Washington, t> s
Thomas Smith; FitzsSrmnons, en. g., La Siesta
ranch; Margaret Worth, s. m.. E. Jordan Jr •
Lady Thorn hill, h. m., H. Olsen; Jasper PauU
sod, bl. g., Winship & Keating.
Special purse for members of the Ala
meda Driving Club.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Josepn oetz to Johanna Gets, lot on NE corner
..Of Kllis and Franklin streets, E 30 by N 110; gin.
Same to same, lot on N line of sixteenth street
117 \V of Mission. W 35, 160, X 60. 8 60
. W 25, S 110; also lot 37, block 14, Flint Tract
Homestead Association; gift.'..- ■ •
John and Jessie Jones to John and Hannah
, Richards, lot on W line of old San Jose road 88-4
N of Twentr-fourth street, N 25:2% i. W 84-9
8 25, E 91:3%: $10. " : %t , •
Humphrey Ayers to Eliza J. Ayers, lot on W
line of Lolores street, 182' a of Twenty-second, S
, Ernest and Ida t'lmau to John Black, lot on W
line of Hoffman (avenue (Ellen), 160 8 of Twenty
; fourth street, S2sby W 12.V, $10. •-.
■ Caroline T. Kverett (executrix - estate of Au
gustas F. Everett) to Maud H.Wleland. undivided
Half of lot on \V line of Rhode Island street, 250 N
of Yolo, N 60, W 76, N ,100, W 25, S 160, E 100;
* also undivided half of lot on 8 line of Vrsltacion
: avenue, 136 E of Milllken • street, E 136 by S 276,
lot 39, Visitation Valley Homestead; S46u.
. -F. W. Heinle to Maifrareitalleinze, lot on E
line of Fifth avenue, 225 S of Point Lobos avenue,
525 by E 120; $245. • '•-,
.. Al. Isabel Gould to ' Charles S.. Weßton, undivi
ded 1-16 of lots 493, 495, 497, 499, 501 to 611;
£lfi map 3, also property in Alamedu Count}-; $1.
r L. and Carry Goldman to John W. Wright," let
. on the sE corner of Stanyan and Grattan streets, 8
by E 111:6; $10. .:■..,•... ;-' :
. ... . .. AUVXIM COUNTY. f.
. George E. Maloou to Benjamin Franklin Maloon,
lot on W line of Linden slree , 236:6 Sof Twenty
second, S 50 by W 17*, blocx 510, map northern
addition to Oakland, Oakland : $5. -»- \
; .T. Molloy and !>. Ryan ; (trustees, 'el al.) to
Annie McMenamln, lot.onNW corner of Thir
teenth and Franklin streets, N 100 by.W 75,bcin ?
lots 19 to 22, block 191, Oakland : also all interest
in property In s»n Fr«ncis:o; grant.
Lorenzo M. Perez to James M ilavea, iot on fc
line of Broadway. 50 N of Sixth street, N 50. E
125.525, W 60,525, W 76 to beginning, beln?
lots 3 and 4 and N 2b feel of lots 27 and 28, block
65, Oakland: $10.
A. A. Fink to George Fedoloff and Marie Lou
veau, lot on X line of Second'street. 100 a of Gll
man, X 183 by S 80. being lots 48, 49 and 50,
block -9. Tract B, Land and Town Improvement
Association, Berkeley: $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Lucy Pilva (wife
of John), lot on NW line of Viola street. 3SO SW
of Allendale avenue, SW 25 by NW 100. being lot
19, block 9. Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Townsaip;
$10. <
A. C. Mathison to Mary J. Ryer, lot on 8 line of
Buena Vista avenue, 00 Kof Oak street, ESO by
a 145. bein;; iot 18, block 48. lands adjacent to
Enciual, übj-ct to a mortgage for $2000, Ala
meda,; $7 0.
same to same, lot on S line of Bucna Vista
avenue, 250 E of Oak street. X 100 by 8 145. being
lots 16 and 17 in block 46, lauds aajucent to Knn
nai, subject to a mortgage for $1500, Alameda;
0.
Same to same, lot on N line of Pacific avenue,
150 X of Oak street. E 50 by N 150, being lot 4 In
block 46, lands adjacent to Kiic.nal, subject to a
mortgage for $750, Alameda; $10.
Sidney J. and Harriet N. Loop to Emma K.
Knowles. lot on XE corner of Web-r street and
San Antonio avenue, E 100 by N 25, b«>lng portion
of lot 135, Encinal Park Tract. Alameda: $10.
Humphrey Ayera to Eliza J. Ayers, lot on W
line of Adeline street. 76 N of i wenty-tourth, N
50 by W 128:3. block 642, Oakland; gift.
June X Bayli« to John H. F. Heoun, all interest
in lot on S line of Lydia street, 225 W of Curtis,
W 24 by S 100, block I, Curtis & Williams Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Joseph J.esimann to Minnie Smith (wife of
Frank) lot on W line of Wood street, 85:6 S of
Taylor, S 26 by W 100, block 696, Oakland: $10.
John K. Jeffress (administrator estate of Eliza
beth Jeffress), same to same, Oakland; $10.
Victor H. Metcalf and as trustee to Ella Monta
gue, lot on NX line of Kast Tenth street, 75 bE of
Eighth avenue. 8E 85 by NE 150, block 18, Cllu
ton, Kast Oakland; $:000.
Pacific Marine Suhdlv Company (a corporation)
to Anna M., wife of F. M. Wells, lot on SW corner
of Folsom and Sixth streets. W 272 by N 100, b -
ing the S 100 feet of block F, tractJß. Berkeley L,ot
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley:
9839.
J. and Emma E. Pinto et al (by commissioner)
to Commonwealth Mutual Benefit and Loan Asso
ciation, lot on E line of Boston avenue, 806 Sof
Chicago. X 122, S 76.72, NW 124.48. N 52 to be
ginning, being lots 18 and 14, block it, subdivision
! of block B, and portion of block F, Revised Map
! Piospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn lownship; $1073.
J. D. Palmer to < harles N. Palmer, lot 49,
Kingsland Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Bose O'Neill to Alameda County, lot beginning
at W corner of lands of I'.ose i > N-111. thence along
Second avenue SE 9.84 chain*. SE ln.">3 chains,
NE 1 foot, NW \6.t3 chains. .NW 9.84 chains, BW
1 foot to beginning (public road), Eden Township;
grant.
Builders' Contraots.
Lucy McPh«rson to William Tegeler, to erect a
two-story frame building on \V line of I'artlett
street, 170 S or Twenty-third; $3940; Martens A
Coffey, architects.
Rev. Denis Nugent to P. J. ©"Leary, lathlne and
plastering St. Rose's Church on Brannan street,
near Fourth: $3840; Bryan J. Church, architect.
Henry Kobler to F. Wagner, grading, excavating,
etc., for addition and alterations to four-story
building on S line of Suiter street, 57:6 W of
Jones: H. Gellrries, architect- -
Henry Kohler to Silas Carle, raising and moving
tame; $10,699: same architect.
Henry Kohler to H. Williamson, plumbing, gas
fitting and sewerage, same: $1910; same architect.
Henry Kohler to Scbaefer A starter, painting,
graining ana varnishing same; $10*20; same archi
tect.
M. and Alma Bradeen to Letterell A Kortlck, to
erect a one-story frame cottage on Twenty-eighth
avenue, 60 of C stret-t; 1300; architect,, owner.
. E. F. Smiddy to Henry Munster, to erect a two
story building on the corner of Board man place
and Bryant street; $5800; architect, contractors.
. M. Hhuppert to Martin Fennel! A Son, brick and
stone work for two-story building on Stockton
street, 34:6 N of Jackson; $3685; A. C. Lltjens,
architect.
M. saoppert to Frank Steinmann, carpenter
work, plastering, stairwork and glazing for same;
$1640.
HOTEL ARBIIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
| TJ Johnston&w.Oaklnd H M Leßaron, Valley Fd
j H E Lawrence, Prtalma 0 P McNair, I'etaluma
H T Knight, 1-olsom G M Gilbert, Kureka
L F Moultou, Colusa G Berkmau, California
i W a Marshall, Piedmnt W J Tharp, larkspur
I E Moss. California H Cole. California
G Prioce, JSacramento *' Movey, California
A V Niils, Piltsntld, 111 George L. Fischer, Cal
J M Manning, Lo:- Ang F L huck, Santa Kosa
F Coffin, Carson, Xcv P J Fleming, Pomona
C X Darling, 1 os Ang c; E Hatch. Krooklvn
Miss Hatch. Brooklyn Mrs Hatch, Brooklyn
J o Keitou, Ukiah Dr. J. McLelsh <fe w, Mcx
Miss Craig.HghlndSprgs Miss Hollinßsw orth, Cal
T O Johnson, >acto G E Thompson. Fulton
A L Hurt & w, Hacto W Green * w, Vallejo
A I Miller <fe w. NY L L Corey & f, Fresno
T C Joh' s;un,P;easunton M Hrndley. Rertwood Cty
H P Edwards, Kidridge Mrs Q J Campbell, Cal
A Arnold, Vallejo Miss L Rodden. Oakdale
W W Marshall, Pdmnt E Hevey <t w, Lodi
A E Holmes, sacto G O Holmes. Hacto
W X Relchard;, Texas S sshlenker. Texas
MCamr. Irvington F D Sml.b. Nevaio
IH M Alexander, sacto TIS %-puuldlug, Woodlnd
! Ede la Custa.Stußarbara H T Laughlin, Sta Ynez
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs E M Tabor, renver J I-imple, Spain
F P Hnrick. Phildclphia SLE Umbel, Pa
! H T Baliarri, Kansas City J H Cowley, Kansas City
P L shannon, Chlr ago B W Stryker, Phlla
PLMuserave. La Mrs P B Wilson, Denver
A Levy <fe w, Berkeley R Alleyer, El Paso
H Heilbron Jr, .\" V J T Dentils, Reno
I J V Buil, Ksston, Pa Mrs J V Bull, Canton. Pa
| M J Bull, Kaiton, Pa F «J Hobinsou &w, Phila
■i Van .Noav, La Porte Ti* i'iilu, Mon:erey
T Hopkins, Mome-ey A E Eaerer, Chicago
Miss r.derer. Cukaso C Wier. l^os Angeles
L W Biinn, Los Angeles <i C Miller, N V
C C Downing, Reno \V Andrews, Panama
U D Lafferiy, Virginia C W Batener, Phila
J McNeil. Santa Cruz C W l.tutetiMd, L S N
H G *tevent>on, Menlo F M Wells, Portland
I A MBradshaw, Lakespur G 1' Crunner, Zf J
I Mrs A L Butler.Los E X Butler, Los Ang
Miss A B Ko-s, Los Ang J Cergin, Lo^ An^
Mrs Cergin. I.os Ang
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
G M Jacobs, Denver F W Dewey, Oregon
H Morse A w.WiUiamsbg A Morse Jtw.WlMlanisbrg
MWs Morse, Willtamsbrg A D Kenny, Stockton
J \V Avt-ry * s.Los Angs L Daxey it w, •'-'an Jose
L M Weaver, ban Jose J S Copley, Portland
H T Glllet:, Nebraska X M Snyder.Kansas City
ll 8 Biddle, Los Anueles G B Crook, Denver
J Hudon-qiii. .Mexico C Smith <fc •••. , Occidental
E J White, Port'uiid J T Morrison, Perm
C H King ifc \v. Stockton E Starkweather. Mocktn
E Jennings Moscow .Mills W A Allen, Sania Barb*
J H Tal(,'f, Missour: A Becktel, Chicago
A F Albert «fe s, Term A. Mrlntyre, X V
R Jacobson, N V W Cliildsi N V
D C Crawford, .-ac J Fitzgerald, Denver
Mrs Richardson. Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G M Smith, Millsvllie Miss N Morton, Chicago
0 Wilson, Rio Vista B Douglas, los Angles
Mrs .1 Harp, Los Angeles H Raymore, Presidio
M Rodolph. Presidio F X Cnmpbell. Pr»si<ilo
1 Gear, Ukiah Paddy llynn. V:llejo
Emll Gottlieb, Toronto C O Runyon, Chicago
G 1 An?lum'4 w, Wallace H E Bobbins, Pueblo
A W Hansler, Pomona C F Allebury, San Mat*o
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caza~
MO Market street, open until 12 o clock ererj
sight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— SSO Montgomery itratt
(ornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streeU, opa
an til 8 o'clock.
3618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
B^S-* COLUMBUS SAVINGS AND LOAN S(V
m*& clety, 614 Washington street. The directors
havedcclared the following semi-annual dividends;
4.32 ocr cent per annum on term and 3.60 per cent
per annum on nary deposits, payable on and
after July 1. 1896, F. N.BF.LQRANO, Secretary.
H^s= DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAY-
■»•— y Ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post St.— For
the half year ending June 30. 1896, a di v.dend lias
been declared at the rate of 'our (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.331/3) per cent ,on . ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
I. 1896- GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
SE^S 3 OFFICE OF THE HIKER.MA BAV-
l***' Ings an( Loan Society, cor. ->.nrket, McAl-
lister and Jones sts., San Francisco. June 29.
1896— At a regular meeting of. the bo of direc-
tors of this s irk'ty. held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the .rate of three and three-
quarters (33/ 4 ) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six. months. ending. June 30, 1896, free
from all taxes and payable on and after July 1
1836. ROBERT J. TOBIN. Sec
pr.^* • > lV'll»r..MJ NOTK X— SAVINGS ■•AND
•*— * Loan society, 101 Montuomery m., corner
Gutter. For the halt-year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rale of four and
thirty-: wo one hui.dredths (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredibs (3.60) per cent per annum 011 ordinary
deposits,-' fr*;e 'Of - taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not culled
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after .Inly 1, 1896.
.r. ..<■ . CYRUS W. CARMAN Y, Cashier.
K_f* SECURITY SAVINGS BANK. 222
■ s -*' Montcomery st, Mills Building. Dividends
on term deposits at the rate of four and thirty-two
one hundredth.* (4 32-100) per cent per annum,
and on ordinary deposits at the rate of three and
six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum for the half
year ending June 30, 1896, will be payable free of
taxes on and after July 1, 1896. - - ■
__ : . B. L. ABBOT JR., Sec.
jt^? DIVIDEND -NOTICE.— THK GERMAN
■"•*" Savings and Loan society, 626 California
St.— For the half year ending June 30, 1896 a
dividend has been declared at the rale of four and
twenty-six j bundtedthn (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hundredths (3 66-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, «ree of taxes, payable on and
atter Wednesday, July 1. 1 896. - --
. ,-• . r OKO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
Xg 3 HUMBOLDT 'SAVINGS AND LOAN
»-«*'.. Society.. 18 G ary st.-The directors have
declared the following semi-annual : dividends:
4.32 per cent per uiniiini on term and 3.00 percent
per annum on ; ordinary, deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896. . -....;
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary. ,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
NOTICE OF BIEETING-s.
asylum OF 1 GOLDEN "TißSsa'' 1 ~ < '
: JSr Gate Commander)' No. 16. K. ' ilfir 1
T. — Officers and members are here- r*\ || I pa
by. notified to assemble at the asy- KMHH|BW
lumat2:3o o'clock TO-DAY to »t- I^^HISB
tend the funeral of our late frater, 12^ J^i 13
SI A - CHARLKS rW. ; WILSON. JMU
Friends and .- fraters are courteously ' '-' <p* wa **l
Invited. WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
■^S=" DORIC LODGE NO. 216. F. AND _
IS» -* 7 A. M.. 121 Eddy stated meeting _%
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:3o^Klf
o'clock. By order of the W. M. r%?\
~v..j '..... AJDOLPH KRONBERG, Secretary.
H_^» CALIFOItNIA LOOGE NO. 1, F. a -
m^G' and A.M.. will meet THIS (TH URH- jfiV
DAY) EVENING. July 2. at 7:30 o'clock. iTJf
Stated meeting. By order of the master. Z^^*
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
f^3s= WESTERN"" A DI) IT I
nr~£? Lodge .No. 285, I. O. O. F.— -aBSBBk
Kureka Hall. Odd Fellows' building «BSg£flP
The installation of officers of this "^aStiS**^
lodge for the ensuing term will take place on
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, July 2,1 898.
'"- WILLIAM F. LEE, Permanent Secretary.
YKRBA BUENA LODGE ... VWY ~
*-& No. 5, I. O. O. K.-InstiU!a-^s??g%^.
tion of officers at regular meetinir, s^^^
THUi-.SDAY EVENING, July 2. <^m\^~
Members requiring more Invitations for anniver-
sary social on July 7, will be supplied at the lodce '
~, E. G. HARRISON, N. G.
M. S. JEFFKBa Jr.. R.B. •" ■»■■■;■ j-'-
CS 3 FRANCO -AMERICAN
lit-^ lodge No. 207, I. O. O. I-'.— Oili-
cers and members are requested to : fe.*<sDv§?
meet at their hall THURSDAY, July ' "i^^ 3^
2, at 8 o'clock p. _ for Installation of officers. All
P. G.s are requested to be present.
R. Lavtonb, Sec TH. 3EHABIAGUE, N. Q.
CS 1 GERM A A LODGE 1 1 vj^itr--
t*^* I. O. O. F.— The funeral com.^_^_
rr.lttee, officers and members of above "-^5-^£»'^s
lodge are invited to attend the funeral '■Wiw
of our brother, D. WOEKNER. FRIDAY, July 3,
from O. F. Hall, at 1 p. _. sharp.
, H. WEHSER, N. G.
E. Niaincunt, Secretary. '
|3" RIGGERS' AND STEVEDORES'
**"»^ Union Association— special meeting of
this association will be held THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, July 2, 1896, at 7:30 o'clock, for the
election of officers for the ensuing term. A full
attendance Is requested.
M. J. MORAN, President.
F. E. Durham. Rec. Sec
Xg 5 GREATEST ATHLETIC. C 7 »_
i*-^., gathering of the season: $3000 In "JV, Zfcu/J
prises. San Francisco Scottish Thistle Tfi».Xjzs
Ciub will hold their fourteenth annual *fc-i?«U
gathering and games at Shell Mound Park, SAT-
I URDAY, July 4. A programme has been pre- !
pared which has seldom, if ever, been excelled by I
tills or any club on the coast; valuable medals and
cash prizes lor all the events; Scottlsli games and
Scottish dancing-will be the main feature of the
gathering, interspaced with hornpipe, Irish reel
and jig contests; football, drlbbllag, obstruction
races, hurdle sack races, bicycle races. e:c; High-
land pipers and a Highland welcome at Shell
Mound, July 4. Buy tickets for Shell Mound.
Admission to park, adults, 60 cents; children, 25
cento. __ ; GAMES COMMITT-B.
jt-15=ANNUAL MEETING IMPROV-
■*-* w ed Order of Red Men's Hall Assn-^^Jja^,
elation of San Franolsco.— l he annual i>^»-
meeting of the stockholders of the Improved order
of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
.will d? held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
320 Post st., for the election of a board of trustees
or directors and such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSSKLYN, President.
. William J. Smith. Secretary. .•
■PrTp THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
"~JS" stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company, for 'he election of directors for the en-
suincr year and for the transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
will be held a* the company's offlce, 229 Steven-
son su, san Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 16th
day of July, 1896, at 10 A. M. Transfer books
will close July 3, at sp. it. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of m. tine.
J. E. GREEN, Secretary.
f|^3?* CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
*-*' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
J7 is"_er_by "given that
IS-J^ the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom st.,
s «n Francisco, CjU., has admitted the following
orphan, halt-orphan and abandoned girls from
April 1 to July 1, 1896: Mary Margaret Lyons,
aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, aged 3 years: Maud
Maria York, aged 7 years; Hattle Kline, aged 12
years: Jessie Taylor, aged 6 years: Florence
Josephs, aged 8 years; Beulah Josephs, aged 4
years; Alice (". Laulau, aged 2 years; Olga Maria
Lund berg, aged 3 years.
K^-g-» NOTICE —A. J. . MEADOWS IS NOT
fa-^ connected with Raver's 1-aw Collection
office from this date. . J. J. RAUER.
BtgS 3 ' ALL PERSONS HAVING SERVED AS
»--^ jurors in criminal cases will find It to their
interest to call at room 18,230 Montgomery st.
J. P. DA ME RON.
IKS' BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
w^-^ collection* made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 .Vlonigy su, room 6. Tel. 6580.
K-^S=* ABANDONED CHILDREN IN ST.
•»•-* 7 Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
uary 1, 1895: Robert Butler, age 5 years: Bessie
Butler, age 4 years; Charles Connolly, age 6 years:
Mary Fagalda. age 3 years: James Fa«alda, ape 1
year; Eddie McCarthy, age 6 years; Alice Mc-
Carthy,, age 6 years; Nathan Barioggi, age 3
years.
ft^S= DRS. HOL-MAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
&-"y moved to 1370 Market si. : poor :reated free.
SITUATIONS WANTEIJ -FEMALE.
T?RKNCH CHRISTIAN UNION OF CALIFOR^
X nia, 1520 Clay St.; reliable families can en-
gage now; first, a healthy, respectable yotingwet-
niirse; second, a tine seamstress and maid: third,
a competent Frencn cook. Apply at once at above
address. - , • .
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES A SITU-
XV aiion to do general honsework is a plain rook
and laundress: has good reference. Call at 14
Rlpley Place, off l-olsom st.
THIRST-CLASS COOK WISHES A SITUATION;
X I city or country: understands German and
American cooking Call 3315 Twenty-fourth st.
Y OUNG PROTESTANT GIRL WISHES SITU-
X ation forgenrral housework: in small family.
Call 1008 Eleventh aye., >outh San Francisco. "
POSITION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
X wanted by a respectable, refined lady; able to
give a mother's care to children. Please call or
a idress 2021/2 Turk st.
AMERICAN lady WITH DA UGH-
ter (15) desires position as working house-
keeper in widower's family (American Protestant)
in city: good home: light work. Address Amer-
lcan, box 113, Call Ottice.
.■YOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper or to take charge of lodging-house.
Call or address 203 Powell St., room 5.
Competent, reliable NEW England
vJ .woman, fond of little children, woul 1 llk« to
work a» housekeeper; wages moderate; In (.lace
at present. Call 2 days (lake Powell-st. cars)
1610 c MasJn su, between Vallejo and Green.
LADY DESIRES POSITION AS WORKING
housekeeper; city or country. 29 Eddy st.
\\r ANTED— BY A WELL-EDUCATED AND
*» refined lady, a position as superintending
housekeeper or companion to an invalid; city or
country; highest references. Address S. H." B.
box 134, Call Office.
ituation wanted BY young COLORED
kJ woman as lady's maid. Please call or address
MISS J. A. DAVIS, 619 Bush st.
YOUNG COLORED WOMAN WANTS SITU-
X ation as cook or to do second work. Call or
address MISS A. SMITH, 619 Bush st.
OMPKTENT WOMAN WAN Is SITUATION
V^ to do general housework or second work, (all
or address 440 Jesse st.
' OMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES &ITUA~
»» tton; city or country; good cook; do general
housework. Call 221 Minna. .
EBSSMAKER FROM NEW YORK WISHES
work at ladies' bouses by the day. Address
305 Eddy st. . -. .
YOUNG LADY, WHO HA* HAD EXPERI-
X ence as book-keeper, desires position; under-
stands type-writing. Address box D, C.-MI Branch
sixteenth and Mission sts.
RESPECTABLE Y'OI'NG" woman would
Xt like situation ;;.klug care of children and up-
stairs work. ' Apply 3680 Twentieth st., ur. Guer-
rero; no postals.
(jURST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
X work by the day or work at home; fit guaran-
teed; reasonable. « 219 Golden Gate aye.
\Y OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
tt washing and Ironing or housecleaning. Call
at 829 Hayes St., basement.
OMAN. WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper; plain Bewlntr. mending or work of any
kind. Call at 821 Mission st., room 1. .
O YOUNG GERMAN GIRLS TO DO HOUSK-
— < work; one as chambermaid • and one as Dlaln
cook. Apply at 2020 Foisom st. . :
IS' ANTED— POSITION AS SEAMSTRESS
'» and light work by competent I middle-aged
American .woman; Is willing to do any kind of
work. . Call or address MRS. W., 1 Eddy st.
pOMPETENTGIRLDESIRES A SITUATION*
V' general housework- aud cooking. Call or ad-
dress 3*86 Seventeenth St., near Guerrero. '--• >
GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
VJ • ups-.nlrs work aii'l sewing. • Please ca,l or ad-
dress 18 1 5 Webster st. ,;■..•••. ••
GERMAN LADY GOES OUT ■BY THE DA y"
\J washing, Ironing and housework. Please call
a: 130 second St., city., < . , : -- -.- . .•■ ;.~/
NORWEGIAN WOMAN WISHES TO DO
_i .washing-. Ironing and housecleaning by the
day- is good worker. Apply 203 BartlcttaU; rear.
YOUNG GKRMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
, X to do upstairs worn. Apply 344 Seventh st.
VJ EAT GIRL 16 WISH KS PLACE TO A IST
In light housework: sleep home; wages *10
Address 1910 Larklu st., in rear. •
V OUNG .WOMAN .WANTS WORK BY THE
X day washing, Ironlni; and honsecleanlng. Cull
or address ' Eleventh ■ aye., bet. L and M, Sunset
District. ;'*.t .- : -:■ - ■-■ -.-,•
VOUSGLADY WISHES POSITION ASTRAY-
X cling companion: will do plain sewing or any
light work. 706 Kills St.; ring 2 bells.
SPANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUa"-
kJ tion us housekeeper or any otner light eniplov-*
menu . Apply 105 Larkln st., room 3 ;
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
I) ELIABLE, COMPETENT, WILLING YOUNG
Xt girls wants a situation to da upstairs or second
work: wages $12 per month. "Address C. H., box
115, Call Office. - . ■'. ■
■pUOTESTANT WOMAN, % MIDDLE-AGED
X wants housework and help with children; city:
neat and willing. Call or. address MRS. E., 1231
Market st., room 14. . . ■ ,■-,.':
\\r OMAN WITH CHILD WANTS SITUATION
' ' to do general housework or cooking; city or
country. call 221 Minna st. . ■.■■.<■.. . .
TO HOUSEWIVES— COLUMBIA EM-
J. ployment Agency. I*2B Fourth st., furnishes
the very best helo at short notice. Telephone
black 1353. " " : . ' ' '•
\\> ANTKD-BY lady with years OF
" . experience, care of invalid, either sex; best of
care and home comforts given.. Call or address
MRS. M. X.. uaklatid P. O. :. T
V' OUNG "WIDOW WISHES A SITUATION AS
X housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. Call or
address Housekeeper, room 35, third floor, 1148
Boner st. ■ ; c . . : ... -. : ■ : ■ .
CIOMPETKNT YOUNG CREOLE ; WIDOW
V with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
bi*rwork or spwinc; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St.. room 19. - !
\\r INCHES 1 EH HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NB,
T» Market: 200 rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
Cook— goo d^elstTFr^a^t^^d~6yster^
house man. city references; wishes position.
L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton su . ... ,
UNT-R A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231. :■ ■;:•■•':
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RKLIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY-CO., 640 Clay.
I~~i C. <•. COOK'o s*_'C. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
X .branches: short notice. 14 l-:#arv. tel. Grant 43.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 81 48 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\j office; best help. 414Va O'Farreil; tel. K. 42a
AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS ON
a ranch; wile good cook and housekeeper and
man good all-round ranch hand. Address 'Siy 3
Fourteenth st. ' .
■V | IDDLE-AGED MAN, TEMPERATE, WID-
-ITX ower, wishes place In private family: under-
stands care of horses; good driver; useful about
house; carpenter by trade; comfortable home
wanted more' than wages. C. U. C, 416 San Pablo
aye., Oakland. • ' • .
JAPANESE BUTLER WANTS SITUATION
O in private family or small clubhouse as steward:
understands French cooking; first clast; has long
exp rierice. H. m., box 128, Call Office.
VtUMi GEN I Li-;MAN (STRANGER) IS
X willing to (jive $5 for go id position in city. Ad-
dress Stranger, box 112, CalL .'."*■'.'<
YOUNG GKRMAN, 19 YEARS. WANTS SITU-
X aiion in butchershop, grocery or delicacies
store; has had experience In all. Address D. M.,
box 114, Call Office. / .. .. . ,
BY MAN AND WIFE: NO CHILDREN ; CITY
or country; man to do gardening and car.? for
horses; wife, general housework; good reference.
Address C. C. W., box 148, Call.
\f ILK DRIVER WISHES SITUATION; GOOD
1»X leference. Address S. M., box 91, this offlce.
YOUNG MAN OF GOOD HABITS WISHES
X situation as coachman or porter; not afraid of
work: references if required. J. N-. bot 128, Call.
OOD GERMAN BARTENDER WISHES
I* situation. Address GEORGE HORSTMANN,
610 Folsom st. . ■ .
"PRIVATE PLACE: ENGLISHMAN; 40
X years of age: understands horses, cows, chick-
ens, garden, and whatever necessary: wages $18,
room and board; references from last place: city
or country. HORACE BYERLEY, 617 Mission
St., room 31. |
Y OUNG GERM AN.GOODC \RPKNTER, CAB-
X lnet-maker aDd general mechanic, with tools,
wants situation of any kind. Address 716 Clem-
entina st. •
YOUNG SCANDINAVIAN WISHES SITUA-
X tion: city or country; first-class driver; under-
stands care of horses and gar Jen; also milker;
references. Address WorK, box 147, Call Office.
BY MIDDLE-AGED MAN, AS COACHMAN
in private family; useful around place; speaks
French and English; good references. Address
Coachman, box 2. Call Office, Oakland.
JNTELLIGENT YOUNG MARRIED MAN,
X painter • and decorator, wishes to renova'e
houses or do janitor work : handy with every tool;
or will take work for hotelkeeper* or landlords by
the month. Address S. S-, box 17, Call Office.
\Y ANTED— YOUNG MAN FROM THK EAST
" would like position; outdoor work preferable;
have had good business experience; can telegraph
and also speak quite well German, Polish and Bo-
hemian; firs. -class references as to character and
ability. Address C. A J.. box 67. Call Office.
YOUNG MARRIED MAN WISHES A POSI-
X tion as janitor or watchman; handy with tools.
Refer to 439 Jesse st.
N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Kas:ern and San Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114. Call office.
ELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN-AMERICAN
of 22 wishes steady employment: handy at
everything* good driver. Address J. P., box 116,
Call Office.
XPr.RIE.SCED HOTEL CLERK DESIKES
position In hotel or rooming house; first-class
credentials: can invest small amount if desired.
Address Hotel, box 95. this office, . V.,
1/»IR:ST-CLASS ENGINEER AND STEAM-
I fitter wants emplo/ment; has had special ex-
perience in erecting and managing large pumping
plants; best city references as to ability, etc. Ad-
dress K. N\, box 142, Call Office.
OBER AND RICLIABTTe YOUNG MAN DK-
sires situation In office or wholesale house;
thorough know. edge of bookkeeping: speaks Ger-
man and English; smalt salary to begin with;
first-class references. Address G. 8., box 132,
Call Office.
n ACTJVE ELDERLY MAN wants a
situation: any kind of light work: Is a good
horseman and milker; a good, handy man about
the house: sober and reliable; wages moderate.
A. A., box 19. Call Office. ■ .--
N OLD SING iE MAN. SOBER AND HON-
est, to do light work about a place: private
family preferred; no objection to country: speaks
French an ! Knultsh: small wages. Address G. B.
.\.MI. i IK. 245 Kightn st., care of Mr. Kroll.
\'"!Mi, STRONG. ABLE-BuDIcD Ma >,
X sober, steady, painter and paper-hanger by
trade, desires .situation In hotel or institution; will
work for low wages If steady employment. . Ad-
dress T. C.. box 91; this office.
VI 7 INCHKSTER- HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— lights In every room; 200
rooms: Me to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
. week: free bus an.l basgace 10 and from the ferry.
\\r I .\ CHESTER- HOUSE, ■ 44 THIRD. NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 SO per niich;: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PROFESSION ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the expert ins of books, opening
end closing nt partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Add rest P. C,
box 137. Call ■Mice. * ' ' ■
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
\Y AITRKSS, PLAIN HOTEL, NEAR CITY.
'• $15: strong woman, general work, plain board-
ing-house, $18; waitress, country hotel, $20: cook,
small country restaurant,- $30 and room: ranch
cook. $25, and others. MURRAY' READY, 634
Clay st. ■
- waitresses, resort hotel, leave
<> Friday, $20 and : 100 m, etc; ■ wakreiis, small
country hotel, $20, room, etc: 2 waitresses, cit»\
$15, room, etc.: waitr ss, city, $4 a week; waitress
city, $20, room, etc.: hour<eiri > city, no wash,
$25; housegirl, Berkeley, $20, see party here 2p.
_.; plrl for Fulton St.. $20: coiorfd girl for Haiuht
su, $-0; colored girl as cook in an Instil ion,
$20, etc. ; girl for Pine $15; g'rl for Los Gatos,
$16; 6 houceKirls $20; 'J honsegirls. $15: 6 Ger-
man, 9 Swede and 3 Danish girls. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency. 749 Market.
I) WAITRESSES .SUMMER RESOR~T\ $25;
—i head waitress country h«tel; waitress Santa
Cruz; waitress springs, $20; ■ waitress country
hotel neaY cay. $20; 3 waitresses hotel south, tare
advanced: 2 starch lronerj: 10 gir's general house-
work, city nnd country. C. li. HANSEN & Co..
110 Geary st. . . ■
\\ 'ANTKIi— COOK AND HOUSEWORK. $20
"» • 2 Fien-h girls for second work. $15 and $*:0;
cook for small boa ding-house. $'-'.'>; Catholic maid
and seamstress. $26; Swedish elrl for housework,
small family, $20. LEON ANIIR-:, 315 Stockton.
V l ' OMAN FOR GKNERAL HOUSEWORK,
'» : country, $2 J: 2 clrls, light work, . city. . $10:
cirl for housework, $15. Employment Office, 128
Fourth st.
\\ ANTED - PROTESTANT LAC.VDRKSS
»' $30; pantry girl, $7 a week: dishwasher, $20;
cook, small wash, $25; Iruner in laundry: cook,
small hotel, $2.">; 2 waitresses, restaurant, 'slB and
$25, and gir's for cooking- and usework in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312 Batter.
jTAUNDRESSr $30: GERMAN $35. :
\XJ MISS CULLKN, 323Suttrr St.
L^RENCH ORTGEiiMAN GIRL OR WOMAN
I as companion and nurse; $30. MI^SCULLEN
323 Sutler St. ■ ■•
CIOOK, JEWISH FAMILY, $30. MISS CUL*
> LKN. 823 sutter st. . y . „ - --,
Al COOK, $25: Al COOK. MUST COOK GKR-
mnn, $30rreflaed German upstairs girl, same'
house. $25; young lady, upstairs work and wait-
in:, must speak' French, $25;. gin for ■ general
housework, $20, no housewife. r German Employ-
ment Office, 006 Mason st. ;
r p WO FI RSI-CLASS GERMAN. COOKS, $30;
1 Swedish housegirl 1 ~525; German nursegirl, $10.
316 Sutter st. . .. ; . ~.; T ,
BRIGHT YOUNG LADY AS BALKSLADY IS
wanted In notions department; also saleslady
for children*: underwear: - ladles ; holding cer.id-
cates In U. 8. Industrial Agency are "eligible.
Room 165. Crocker building. / . L ';.-
"VTOUNG LADY TO TAKE CARE OF CHILD,
X with :an>.ly going to Europe; must speak Eng-
lish and French; good seamstress. Occidental
Hotel, room 131. .-. >■ .-."-•■;- :
AW ANTED— NEAT YOUNG. GIRL FOR GEN-
' > eral housework: 2in family: wages $10. 408
Sane »t. . • . v . t\/ , . .: >/,'.'
\ V V TED- WAITRESS FOR RESTAURANT.
TT.27 Ninth st. ' "• ...
XTUKSEKUK CHILD 4, YEARS; REFER-
-»-i ences. 2024 Bush si. •• "
T» TTCKEB OR WHITE WORK; GOOD WAGEa
1 840 Market su :r-
HELP WANTED— Continued. '_■._•_
\\f A N TKD— YOUNG ; G IRL TO jAS SIBT.T AP-
■ » » ply at 231 Bryant aye. J r -.' i-."■ *J • ■
OOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS.
, 604 O'Farreil st. , -^ .; ..,,..-
-i? «T-CLAS.S SKIRTMAKERS; NONE OTH-
J ere need apply* BOWHAY. 504 Sutter J
ANTKD-GIRL TO ASSIST IN COOKING
and light housework. 1217 Webster st.
VOUNd""GimTTO~H__P"iN KIICHEN. 310
X Third st, . ■ '
VTEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
— work; wages $10. 1205 Octavia st. ■> '.".:■ - -'■
yoUKti GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILD.
■ X Call this morning 1432 Geary st. - : ... -,-■■
\V r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
" houaewonc and washing; $12. 41 Eleventh st.
.\Y ANTED — A GIRL FOR GENERAL
* ' housework. 800 Greenwich sU. cor. Mason.
"Y OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK IN i
X family of 3; wages $5. Apply 2622% Sutter j
I RESSMAKKR WANTED: _LSO APPREN- i
* ' tlce.-3258 Seventtenth st. " ■*-■--'•'•-■■- -*-' |
EN EKGETIC WOMAN CAN MAKE MONEY.
XJ Call for particulars 131 Post, room 20.
HAIR DRESSING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 lessots,sl 50, UE4S Mission.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
X making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack- |
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. .Mc-
DO WELL Academy,636 Market.opp.Palace Hotel, j
T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY |
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
POAT-FINISH ERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; -26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $8
per week: free 'bus and baggase to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
OA FARMERS, ORChXrE 1 AND VINEyXrD
—v/ hands, $20, $25 and $26: 3 harvest-hands;
2 cnoremen for ranches, $15 and $20: Irish
milker, $30, near city; farmer and wife; man to
milk and make butter; 3 laborers for a mine.
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st,
OA TEAMSTERS FOR RAILROAD WORK,
— \J 2-horse teams $1 60 day. 4-horse . teams
$1 80 day; 15 men to. dig Irrigation ditches and
help Irrigate land, easy and stead y job for a large
company. MURRAY A READY, Leading Em-
plurment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. '
6 HOTEL COOKS. $30, $40. $60; COOK FOR
t» camping party for the Yosemite. $35 and found,
fare paid; 3 restaurant cooks, $40 &nd $50; 6
waiters, $30 and $25: 3 extra waiters, fare paid
both ways: S dishwashers, $15 and $20; 2 ranch
cooks, $20 and $30; cook for harvest crew, $30.
... I'RRAV A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"I X 000 cords OF pine wood to CUT,
XO.\JVJ\J $1 a cord, for a large mining com-
pany; 205 tip-makers, 8 and 10 cents each; 20
laborers and teamsters, $1 75 and $1 60 a day, and I
$26 per month and board: b'acksmith. for ranch, j
north, $40 and found: sailor for a gentleman's
yacht. MURRAY A READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BRIGHT BOY, LIVING WITH PARENTS,
for our office. MURRAY A READY, 634
and 636 Cay st. ■ . - : .
ELLBOY WITH GOOD REFERENCES, $25:
Japanese bedmaker who can speak good Eng-
lish, $25. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
HAYMAKERS, HARVEST HANDS, FARM
XX ers for orchards, milkers; $25 to $30 f.ud
found. C. H. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
GANG OF RAILROAD LABORERS FOR
tracklaying and surfacing: $1 75 a day; free
fare. C R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary su
0 WAITERS FOR SAME SPRINGS; SOUTH;
~ $25; fare a Ivan C. R. HANSEN <fe CO.,
110 Geary st.
BUTCHKR, COUNTRY HOTEL, $30; COOK
for springs. $60; second cook, country hotel,
$45: cook for lunch counter, country, $60; second
baker, country, $30: short-order cook for country,
$9 a week; bedmaker, $25: waiter, city, $30. C.
R. HANMEN A Co., 110 Geary at. ■__
\\' A ITKRS WITH DRESS SUITS; COUNTRY;
" $35. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
DOLISHERS AND IRONKRS. MA. HINE I
X lroner. all-round Ironer, washers, for different
country steam laundries. »2 > to $50 and lound.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
A EXPERIENCED STREETCAR-DRIVERS
t: for extra work, country, 4 to 6 days, $2 a day '
and free fare both ways. C. R. HANSEN A CO., !
110 Geary st.
XTRA WAITERS WITH DRESS SUITS FOR
the Fourth, $2 a day: rail this morning. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st. j
EAT YOU WAiTER FOR SPRINGS,
-1 near city, $25. C. R. HANBEN _ CO., 110
Geary st. . .
\\T ANTED— BLACKSMITH HELPER. COUN- |
" try shop, good, steady job, $26 and found and j
increase buttermaker for creamery, ?4t)and found: ;
2 miners, $2 per day: 3 laborers about mine, good,
1 eedy job. $1 60 per day; good strong boy, living i
with his parents, to learn tr.ide in factory. $3 per
wee 1 to start: waiter for country hotel, $25, fare
advanced: cooks, dishwashers, farmers, milkers.
laborers and others. W. D. EWER A CO., 626
Clay st. '■*.'■•* ' ■ "
\Y ANTED— EXPERIENCED DRIVER FOR
TT milk wagon In city: no boys: good reference
required: silary $30 to $35 per month and found:
Al place. Apply personally to W. D. EWER A
CO., 626 Clay s;. *: -
UT ANTED — 2 GRAVEL-MINERS, $2 50 A !
" day; 4 laborers for mine. $28 and board* 2 j
woodchoppers; farmers for Sonoma. Con: Costa. j
Napa and Santa Clara counties: 2 lnundrymen for '
institution, hand work; waiter for country, $25;
boy for -institution: cook fcr camping party, $30
to $35, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETI A
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ACKER AND DRIVE MULES FOR CAMP-
ingou'fit; cook for camping outfit, $40: ma- 1
chine driller, $3 a day: blacksmith and shoer,
country shop, $40 and board: 2 farmhand near
city. $20; woodsmen. $26 and $30; bar.-peelers '
$1 25 a cord. R. T. WARD A CO., 608-610 Clay.
\Y A NTED— GOOD BARRF.H; 2 SHOE-
»» maKers, Oakland; milker, $25. ' Employme
Office, 128 Four, st. \ " .
ERMAN OR AMERICAN VINEYARDIST,
V.T winemaker and cellarman; small vineyard-
married man preferred. Apply at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
UT ANT E"D-IDLE~" MEN; WOMEN, GIRLS
TT and boys to send 25c for the means of making
independent living; satisfaction guaranteed. Ad-
dress California Chemical Co., box 100, Call Offic?.
I RST-CLASS DRY-HOOD-) MAN FOR CITY
X"trad'; gentlemen holding certificates lii U. S.
it. ilis Agency are eligible. Room 165 CrocK- I
er building. .
\\- ANTED— MAN WITH $600 FOR A BIG-
, TT paying enterprise; chance of a lifetime. Ad-
dress ARCHIE LEVY, box 72, this office.
\ r M A N T: > TH AVEL W ITHLKCIURER
X throughout the Unltea States; of good address
and have $200 security. J., box 161, Call Office.
UT ANTED — MIDDLE- AGED MAN FOR
TT small vineyard; state wages wanted. J., box I
131, Call Office. ,
ECOND COOK WHO IS WILLING TO WORK-
$6 a week. 145 Tenth st. . , .. ...
pARPENTER, $2 00 FOR TWO DAYS. AP-
\J ply 8 a. if., 604 Turk st. -
Siioemak-Tr ON REPAIRING. 1050 how-
«rd s;. ■ ' '•
IX' ANTEU-COATMAKERS. NICOLL THE
TT Tailor, 113J Market st.
GIOOD COAT.MAKER WANTED ON CUSTOM
r coats. 25 Seventh st. : >.■>,..
ISH WASHER WANTED: $15 A MONTH
and room. Apply 7 East st., near Folsom.
\Y ANTED— FIRST-CLASS BUSHELMAN AT
»T 541 Market St. . r
■ yOUNG BARBER WANTED. 409 BROD- i
X eric k St., near Oak. ■-■ ■■■<■■ ■,-. ■
\\J ANTED — G .(II) SOBER SHOEMAKER-
» » steady work. 339Va Third st. "■
\VT ANTED — YOUNG MAN COOK. 49- SEC-
TT ond st. ..,.,..  , ; ■
EN'S- HALF . BOLKS, 40c: MEN'S CaLF
shoes to order,' $.' 50. 73 Jackson st. "
1 RST-CLASS r CUTTER, CUSTOM WORK.
X' Apply Family Shoe Factory, 1524 Market st, ' '
SOLIOITORS-CITY OR COUNTRY: MALE |
or female. STAPLES. 155 seventh st. ,, .
RAND CLEARANCE BALK OF BOOTS AND i
t shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut :o $3. $5 to '
$2 s'), $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 25: all Roods sacri- I
ficed next 15 days in order to enlarge store and I
put in new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hote . I
\Y ANTKD— EXPERIENCED TRACK FORK-
»T man Apply S., box 17, Ca!l Office, Oakland.'
\k[ E HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
» » selling at less than fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 56a Mission sU •
■JVTKW WALDo HOUSK. 765 MISSION, BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, nluht 15c to
Coc;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room strictest atten-
tion 10 morning calls: clean; quiet; open all niebu
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 . MARKET ST., EE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
LODG>A<JS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT*. CLEAN
Continental House, 521 I'aciti , below Kearny.
STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; I>lC GOR»
• v din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
BKsr IN CITY- -SING" E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific house." Commercial and Leldeador*! sts. ?
ROOM.-. 15c TO 75c PUR NIGHT: 50c TO »1 60
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm <
W AMKD-IABOKERs AND MECHANICS
»» *to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; i&0
large rooms; 25c per nigh.; $1 to $3 per week. . ;
CALF SHOES MADK TO ORDER FOU $2 50-"
1 half-solelng 25c op. 969 Howard St.. nr. Sixth!
■ . I _\'i'O FEED jiA.NHATTAA STOCK FOOD:"
.'l all grocers keep it. • ',' 't , . v -.-
\ Y X ARE . SHO_ . DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
_= TT . your old shoes and make them as good as new
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price: done while you wait
562 Mission st.. between First and Second sts.: :
\y ANTED -ME..' TO Lr.ARN BARBER
H TJ trade: only 8 weeks required: I tools given and
catalogue sent. 3. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
£ L « H ° HOUSK, fctt3^ <,- MARKET ST.-"
Rooms 20c, 25c to 60c night; ! $1 to $2 week.'
HELP ANTED— Continued.
DARBERS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
X) retary Barbers' Assa. 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.
L* A R .>— FOR. EMPLOYMENT CALL fsEC.
*> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 326 Grant aye.
ARBKR.S' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
UAKBER-.' ASSOCIATION Or' lAI. EMPLOY-
J-> men*, >>c'y, P. C. itamann. '-': 9l - < ' ' Karreil.
11ARBERS-600D CHANCE; DON'T "MISS
I-* it; shop tor sale very cheap on account of dls-
agreement of partners. Apply Call Office.
BARBER-SHOP, 2 CHAIRS, FOR SALE. 415
Xj Haves st. ; good location. •
X.-'IRST-CLASS BARBKR-SHOP fOR SALE ON
J account of departure, i Apply 517 East st. -' ,
ESI' PLACE IN THK CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st-.opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 60
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. ,
INCHESTERHOUSK. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
"» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: reading
room: free bus an.l baggage to and from the ferry, j
II" ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR I
TT craAclertcs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I j ss. ; single inrnlshed rms 75c week. 16c night.
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF 1
»* some simple thine to patent? Protect your i
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. .Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A 0., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C for their $1800 prize offer
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted.
1 iin ME>" TO TAKE LODGING 4.T IUo, 15c
Xl'U and 20c a night, including co3e« and roll*
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
W ANTED-BINGLIS ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
TT v .ek; rooms tor two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
In BKE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR &c;
r al-io a lint:' refiner. !>r. at GS7 <*l*r it.
' AGENTS WANTED.
"PMPIBE LIFE. . ~*
—PURE LIFE s
——INSURANCE—
ft' AT COST
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
</-: SAN JOSE.
AGENTS WANTED — LADY OR GENTLE-
A mini; experience not necessary; good oppor-
tunity for r ght person. Apply at once, 619 s>ev-
enth rU. near WHshlngton. ('aklnnd.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE WANTED WITH~BARIToR^OOM
for barn, west of Leaven worth, north of Broad-
way; rent about 822 50. H. 11.. box 10, Call. j
KOO3IS WANTED. "
W A NTED— SU NN V FURNISHED ' BOOM,
»' with board, for gentleman and wife; between
Ninth and Fifteenth sts. D., box 137, this office.
IV' ANTED— BY PHYSICIAN, 2 UNFUB-
TT nished rooms for offices and 1 furnished bed-
room. Address S. M., hox 63, this office.
I \T ANTED, BY 3 ADtLTS, 3 UNFURNISHED
TT and 1 furnished, or 4 unfurnished rooms, be-
tween Mason and Franklin, Pine and Turk; pri- !
vaie family preferred. Address C. M.,b"x32. Call.
WANTED— 3IIStJE__ANEOUS. :
econtToiand kodaksT^^ameras*
len.ses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW
el— • to A. KLEIN. »»9 Sin \ s;.: send nostal.
L.ODGINU-IIOUSES h'Oli SALE.
SoOMHrIOUSE, Iff" PAYMENTS?^ $150 J
XI 22 rooms on Market 5t........ $600
40 rooms, worth $3000, price. $1500
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200 $1800
60 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to. $5000 '
Apply to DECKER, 102 J Market. . ;
ODGING-UOUSES BOUGHT AND EX-
changed. PHELPS<fe CO., 917 I.arkin st.
QO ROOMS; GOOD-PAYING HOUSE, $400:
OO cash balance on very easy terms. 105 New
Montgomery s:. . •• * -
G»1 X(\ COZY HOME: 6 ROOMS; MUST i
i£)-i-<J\J. sell; party leaving city. 620 Larkln st.
TO RENT — 15 WELL LIGHTED ROOM"s7
suitable for lodging-house: $25. 544 Sixth st.
T ODGINO-HOUSK, 12 ROOMS, ALL RENTED;
X-^i fine location. Address E. E.. box 67, Call.
<)O WELL- KIIRNI'HED ROOMS: FULL:
X.I . low rent: price $575. Inquire grocery. 40 6th.
™ m —^ —^ — — — -^— m^ I
FURKITUI_.FOK . SALE.'
ijUß^Ts^Lxr^^~ >i ~ > ~^~ -^~^~~ -.-.-,.a^^
I Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. ' " .
Oak bed sets... $18 60 I
Bed lounges : 8 uo i
stoves 7 50 ;
Carpets, per yard 65 1
Linoleum, per yard... ."..-■... 65 1
Matting, per yard 10 !
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business i
at • SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J. 1
NOON AN. .. .■ ; ..
LOOR OILCLOTHS... $ 20 !
V Engli h Linoleum * 35 :
Brussels Carpet 45 '
4-rooin outfit, solid oak 75 00
-HIREK — faHIREK, 747 Market st.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOS
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
Ai\t I CAIIPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
tIUU stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20. loldtnc-bfidi
til): 1,. <I- onngp«i. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY 112 4:h.
FUKNITCKE WANTED.
II A N I) FURNITURE FOR COIINTRY";
Jii good prices. T. LUHELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU' WANT GOOD PiUCEti Foil I 1 CRN I-
X ture and merchandise see BUI'.D, ill Larktn.
f C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI-
O . fornla St.. corner Kear.'iy, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
FFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send lor Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASL'H. S2l SUTTER, WANTS FURNl-
.ture, saloons and merchandise: highest pr'.ca
; MAYKK BUYS YOUR FURXITURK.
. carpets, piano. n:r, Mark°t: trt. .lessi" 761.
CAKPET CLEANING.
ONES! CA^PKT^CI^AiiI^O^ANO
rpnovatlnz works. Main cilice 25 find 27 Bta.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING. 3c: HUG
v^sam pies free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth su . j
GIRKAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
T works: latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lav.
Ing 3c yd.- G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253. ,
WHKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH j
f T poor wore stud to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tenants m. : teL So. 41).
onklinscarpkt"ekatinu works, 33i
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
CITY 6TJSA3I CARPET CLKANING,REnV)VA-
Ung. 38 Bth. MEVKNs. max. Tel. South 250.
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATKO
like new. FERGUSON A CO. 23 Tenth- taL
Bonih »6. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successor!
JE. M ITCH CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 1 li)
. 14th BL; cleaning 3c a ynrd. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
.' ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south '223.
; ; ; - BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR SALE— GOOD BUSINESS, WITH:STOCK
and fixtures, suitable for man and wife or 2
ladies; rooms back of store. 610 Post su
1/UNK CASH MERCHANDISE BUSINESS:
X adjacent toihls city: capital $5000; satisfactory !
reaons for selling at a sacrifice. Owner, box 21
Call Office. "•■; ,-:;, : ;...-". .; • . ^. <
OI.D-ESTABLISUKD FURNITURE-STORE '
cheap; owner going East. 935 a l-olsom.
©9000 l * YOU CAN LOAN me this
tip^-\J\J\J. amount for 8 months, will eive gooa
situation at $125 a month and board business out
of the State: or will give you interest in business
that will • pay <■■ you .' $2500 a year besides salary :
chance of a lifetime; come an! see me at once
Address J. A. L.. box 66, tins office.
fpO;LKT— 4 niciTly furnished ,KOOMS
X for $20; also restaurant furnished; transfer cor-
ner: reasonable. Inquire 1:-.O Centra! aye. ."•."• .-.
QTEREOPTICON OR ILLUMINATING AD-
Overtising outfit complete; 20 slide*: cheap
140.! Devlsndero su v
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2. Call.
GOOD ROUTE SALE ON THIS PAPER/
Apply T. P. RIOP.DAN, 632 Market, room 2!
n OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
VJ close estate: business esu since 1869*. amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain if arrant" .7 "nt
can he made. Address. F. P.. box 137. Call Office.
HAVING 2 RESTAURANTS WILL SELL ONE
.cheap; trial given. Apply mi Market ° N *•
LOR SALK OR TRADE FOR RKAL ESTATF~
J 1 tools and machinery of a ma. hlne-shop- lathe
driUpress. bolt-cutter, etc. Address 14 Pearl st '
SSI^OOO FOR HALF-INTEREST IN A MA ' *
JUUU ufactunng business. 328 Busli! room 4
ANiED-COBBLEH; NO CAPITAL Ttp"
W qu red Apply a, box 17, Cmll Qffle" Oaufn_
s^nllf%^resU lYC^r < !^-^^^
TT OTEL TO LEASE'FOR ATKRM OF VF irsT
!ll£££s£3E£K
ROCK AND BAR; 2 FURNISHKD LIV-
MrLaM^w'iw 1 '" thP place for mana^ wfe'
no reasonable offer refused. Apply Call Office.
BUSINESS CHANCES;;^ J ; V
"_r_H/V*SA_O^^AVrrH^_A^G^^ATBSN^
tB)OUU. age from Clay and Merchant -is.. Mar-
ket Hall: must be sold at once; owner going t<? the
mines; low rent. WILKE, 531 California st.
CL* liKhn SAMPLE-ROOM; NEAR MONT-
«S) LOU'', gomery St.; established 20 years:
doing, good = business: stock alone worth the
money: owner to retire. WILKE & WOLF, 631
California st. -■■ ■ - > - ■ > ' ■ ■ -
_ 1 OA/l CORNER SALOON WITH CIGAR
vlr LZUw. stand on Stockton st. doing large
business; family affairs calls owner to East: inves-
tigate at once. ' WILKE A WOLF, 531 California.
OL'OAMA SALOON IN. VERY BEST, BUSK
»4T^iUUU. ties's location, with largo patronage;
kept by owner lastly an; rare chance; investi-
gate at once. - WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
/tu - - /\li COKNER GROCERY and bar :
i^OOU". clearing from ?250 to 300 a month;
large stock; best location; owner going to Europe.
WILKE A WOLF, 631 California st.
$1 Afif\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR^
«_)■! IUU. with 3 livin .-rooms, In Mission: rent
$50; choicest location; good cash custom; bargain.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st. ..-. . '
_>'jnn 5 BEST LOCATION; rent
•JjUU. 93U: lease: actual valtia $800; great
bargain. WILKK, 531 California sU
(_ 1 AHA B v KERY. NORTH OF MARKET,
<JDIVV/U. basing three barrels daily; valuable
all-sight route: cheap rent: receipts f/OOaueek;
investigate . this rare bargain. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st. "
flfcl ()- CORNER STATIONERY. BOOKS
O 1 -- " J. and notion store, with splendid front,
opposite prominent parts and near school; rent
$12; invoice goods: sickness. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st. .
I 9?LA GROCERY: WITHOUT BAB, ON
<iP X_ieJ \J. principal business street: doing good
business: low rent: living-rooms: must sell ac-
count of leaving city. STENBERG CO., 632 Mar-
ket st.
CM QAA PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
<U'- 1 ' ! JvJvJ. known- express and transfer com-
pany: has cream of trade in thl» city; clears $200
to $300 a month; proprietor owns his own proper-
ties, barns, ofhees, storages, etc.; has 4 fine teams
running, worth $3000; one of the steadiest busi-
nesses in this State, making sure Income; estab-
lished 10 years; grand bargain for active man.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market St.
'Rl'SO AR-STORE: PRINCIPAL THOR-
«PXOV. oughfare: invoice the goods: connected
with large theater: rent only $15; sickness only
reason for selling. STENBERO CO., 632 Market.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI-
• ness quick see T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
vine CIGAU-STORE: FURNISHED COM-
X; plete; fine locality: only 50c a day rent; see at
once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
5.7 C A LOHGING-HOCSE; 15 ROOMS; FUR-
iJ)I«JU. nlshed elegant; finest locality: cheap
rent; all the rooms full; paying well; investigate
this rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<2»4>;r/-k partner in saloon; object
*JP_/Uv/. for taking paitner. to run the business
more successfully. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
IK ft A. A. PARTNER— FINE-PAYING ESTAB-
«POUU. llshed business; » rare chance for the
right man: object for taking partner to enlarge
the business: will give trial of business. T. LU-
BELtKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Of\(\ SALOON: THRIVING INTERIOR
O\J\J. town at railroad depot: clears $125
monthly and over. M. LES-> A CO., 783V2 Market.
C?97p: BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
O—' ' •J. icecream parlor at a well-trawled sta-
tion across the bay. M. LESS „ CO., 783% Market.
JJj^'rv BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY, Nol
«Jp«.)«JU. tlons. stationery, etc.: corner in best
portion of Western Addition: 4 living-rooms;
cheap rent; large stock; nicely fitted up; do • a
well-paying business. M. LESS _ CO., 783i,a
Market st.
<fj»l QAA FINE CORNER SALOON: CEN-
«IPX<,V/V/. tra! and few doors from Market: es-
tablished 20 years: sure to clear $200 n ithly:
bears investigation: a bargain. M. LESS «S CO.,
78ay 3 Market st.
di9AA bakery, PR INC. PAL STREET
?JD_.UV/. across the bay; bakes IVi barrels flour
daily; horse and wa^on easily worth double price
askeq. M. LESS _ CO.. 783 y 3 Market st.
ffl;9onn I'IVKKY, BOAKDING AND SALE
*Jp**\J\J\J . stables: partner wanted in one of the
finest places in this city, north of Market st. ; has
27 horse;, 20 buggies, rockaway and 25 boarders;
harness, robes, whips, blankets, etc. clears $250
per month; owner has too much to attend to;
wants good, active man to take charge of oflice,
cash, books, etc: will take part cash, balance to be
paid out of the business; investigate. GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st. V
©O^AA CANDY FACTORY and ICE
tiD_i«L>UU. cream parlors, situated lv one of the
liveliest and best towns on Ihe coast; e;egantly
fitted up and successfully run for 25 years: will
invoice about $3000: this is the only first-class
place in town; cheap rent under lease; thorough
investigation • allowed: this is a bargain. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st. *
o you want to sell your business
promptly HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny st.
•311 "k - ladies, grand chance —
<3PX I O. Branch bakery .etc: 6 rms, furniture in-
cluded; account departure. HEALV, 23. Kearny.
'-{^O RKSTAUi.ANT AND COFFt-.E SA-
«33«JuI/. loon. Polk St.. clearing $75 per month:
owner in other business., HEALY, 23 Kearuyst.
CjOAA MARKET-ST. CIGAR-STAND and
«Jp_iVV/. cli. brooms; must be sold: low rent.
BARRETT, 1126 Market st.
OjOA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVING-
«iJI(Jv/. rooms; low rent; receipts ?5 to $7 a day:
cigar stand. . BARRETT, 1125 Market st,
(EjQA CHOPHOUSEAND SHORT ORDERS;
'CCv/. receipts $7 day: low rent; great bargain.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st. ■
S ALOON ON MARKET ST $700
Restaurant: $20 per day 150
Grocery and bar, 3 rooms 500
Dry goods and notion store 1000
Corner bakery, 3 rooms.. 300
Grocery and bar; bargain ; 1,000
Corner saloon: best in city ... ' * ' 1600
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
<B«Q?;n BRANCH BAKERY AND
tip*JU\J. cacy store: well worth $500: daily re-
ceipts $8; 3 fine living-rooms: rent $15; great
bargain. SKIFF A CO., 921 Market st.
Ji" 1 HILL, ROOM 34, DOM Oil uE BUILDING—
.*• Real estate and business agent.
Delicacy store _ ' $200
Stationery and c gars .'.'.....'. $450
General business store, fine trade ...' $800
Excellent paper route $1500
Chemical laboratory ... . ..... .$5OOO
Stock of poultry ranch, low rent $350
pENTRALLY LOCATED SALOON (MARKET
\J st.); six years' lease; doinsr good business. For
particulars address EDWARD CONOLLEY or
call, 502 Montgomery st. '
<B*l AA BARGAIN-OLD-ESTABLISHED Cl-
<ipxv/\' ear, candy and notion store: large gar-
dens; cottage and summer-house; opposite univer-
sity gate. Berkeley; Telegraph-aye. railroad cars
stop in front of store. Apply on premises.
&37fV FANCY OOODS STORK. 3 LIVING-"
tipO » O. rooms: low rent: established for years*
owner retiring from business. 240 Fifth st." '
RESTAURANT FOR SALE FOR COST OF
fixtures: an established trade: between two
carnouses: will be sold cheap on account of own-
er's sickness: call an see this. 3279 Mission si.
CM AA, FOR BUILDING ON LEASED "LOT"'
35 10U suitable for grocery. W. CRANKTa24
JrOSt St. . -- ■ '....■ . : ■ , t%
PARTNER WITH $225 CAPITAL IN WEI_
X paving restaurant to look after dining-room-
owner cooks. Inquire 40 Clay st. .- -Tr-™'
© f^ X COZY COFFEE-SALOON; GOODLOcX
! h AE 082O 829 1O M n » : ssro 1 n S st bC3Old
gALOON FOR SALE. APPLY 29 SIXTH ol"
&JHOO ? ALO< i, N AT A BARGAIN: FIX-
-o^^* tnres flrst clM »* weU-establlshed.
good paying business: best location- full ln-
vestieation and reason for selling; responsible
parties only. G. 8.. box 15. Call Office. ca|JuaB ' u '"
TTARDWARE STORE-GOOD STOCK AND
£rJhY llre8: ?? Stand: this business must be sold
to settle an estate; only those meaning business
"o^ora s l t ly: Pri ° c * 10 ° a -PHILBRICK, 2518
X OlSOui St. \ • 1 .
'-HUNK BUSINESS CHANCE FOR A MAS
x with a few thousand dollars; high-class au-
tomatic machine; $5000 per year easily. For Par-
ticuiars address B. C , box 9, Call olHce. ;
F°wi nl A , NOE r-, ul - E AR rßlirrvA le lot.
£5; oox'uts'.'clii^e? 11 ° offerT Ad
£100 BKANOU. BAKERY. CANDY, NO-
-11P-I.W. tion store: departure. 1024 Leavenwth.
41 9"> i'XPKKSS BUSINESS FOR SALK.
•? a r 4tJm on accoun «- of sickness; good stand;
clearing $80 month.; Apply 205 Karklo sU"
T 1< ONLY M(IJ) E'W IMPROVED HOTEL
-1 Of «0 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. la-
quire D. ROTHENKUSH. ■ •-
VQK BK.NT— LARGK BASKMENT SALOON;
x complete 7 furnished and ■ ready for I business;
low rent. Inquire room 629, Parrott building.
(STATIONERY, BOOK STOKE AND BRANCH!
' 1 bakery. Inquire KUTZ'S Bakery, 836 Valen-
cia si.
■ 1?OR SALE— LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
X grinding shop; well tooled up. 1003 Mission st.
ITOR SALE— GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT,
X good location. 105 Seventh si. - ■
BLACKSMITH SHOP. BUILDI.NG. STOCKT
toots. Aodress B. *•., box 112, Call Office.
FOR SALfcT^ BOHEMIAN hALOON, ,26
Stockton st. Call between 12 m. and 4 p.m.
9 CIOa"r~STZNDS, ONE WITH "a LlVlNQ-
■— rooms. Inquire at 1127 Mission st.
ORNEII GROCERY AND BAR, WELL
\J stocked: doing nice business: low rent, taken
out In trade: sell cheap - 429 Grove st. ;
mwO CASH hUSINESSES IN ONE FOR
X sale: cheap rent. 335 Fourth St.
ADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNEK
J (German): $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
I>IOB SALE— EXPRESS WAGON AND TWO
J? horses, harness and express stand. Inquire o|
J. GATJE, Valencia Hotel, 718 Valencia su
JjJ 7() A. SALOON; •FIKST-G.-.A&3 TRADE:
tjp i \i\J. in main thoroughfare: elegantly fitted
up: fine stock; 4 years' lease; low rent; taking
$18 day: immediate disposal:, genuine bargain-
apply direct, no ageut-i. L., Postoflice. Santa Rosa.
BAKERY" AT A BARGAIN: BAKES FROM 3
to 4 bbls. of flour daily ; ful inspection allowed-
In lenterville. Alameda Connty. Address .F. E '
box 4, Call Ottice.
l?OB SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SINGLE
X teams complete; stand cor. Sutter and Sansome.HOUSES TO LET.
\t\MOOUfi PACIFIC HEIGHTS; ARTISTIC;
IV modern ; furnished or not: or will sell one-
third cash, balance same as rent. The McCarthy
Co., 646 Market St. - . • ■■■.-.
OOSK— 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD; BASE-
men: ; rent 321 Tenth St. '
aO i NTH — HOtSK, 4 ROOMS ; LOW
■JOl rent: no children. .
mo Ll 1-kTnE UOUSK. WITH STABLE; 8
l^on. wlih bath; $40; water free; will rent
, V : nonl ■tab c. $38 50. Apply at 618 hell St.
7  ^h .> i M i;> u.vl HUl'-li, 26 FKANKLIN
Xj st., oe^Markct: $35 with water; cheap rent.
O PLENDID 8-ROOM" HOUSE: 3653 TWEN-
-0 tletn su. bet. Valencia and Mission; see It;
very low rent. - .
OIJSE— A NICK HOUSE AND OTHERS
HOtJS E— A MICK HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery si. ■
FURNISHED HOUSES.
O^KNT FOR SrjMMEKJIOXTH&^WHOLE
T; ' MMER MONTHS— WHOLE
or part of large furnished house in Santa Cruz
Mountains: beautiful situation. Address 11. GEK-
A 1; l>, >kyland P. < > Wrights, Santa Clara Co.
/ lIKAP, CONVENIENT, FURNISHED FLAT;
I 3 rooms. 3121 "ixii-t-n hs . -v
COTTAtiES TO LET.
POTT AGE 7 " SSARLY NBw 1 ! 5 ROOMS;
\J bath: good barn and stable. 828 Hampshire
su, near Twenty-first.
FIKMSIIED COTTAGE OF 8 ROOMS: ALL
occupied: cheap rent; for sale at a bargain; cen-
tral location. 7 Bacon place, off Pine st.
pOTTAGK; 3 SUNNY ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
V,' men.: to small lamily. 1230 Folsom St., near
Ninth.
791 LOTT— COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH ;
1 — 1 garden In front; rent $19: owner, 111 Van
Ness aye.
FLATS TO LET.
\ . SUNNY~FJLATT"o ~ROOMBTTirG"6oD
-li order; rent $12 60. 2241.4 O'Farreli st.
T OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE
XJ rooms. 30^ Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh. -
FURNISHED FLATS.
Ha n dsomel?? fTtrnTshelT^lXtT "six
rooms: everything complete and first class:
$45 to adults. 1527% Clay su
UPPER AND LOWEK FLAT, 3 AND 4
J rooms, cheap, 1008 Natoma St.. nr. Eleventh.
JIACHURCH-3 ROOMS UNFURNISHED;
rxx \J new flat, near 16th: rent $10; cars pass.
CIO 378 NOE, NEAR MARKET — ELE.
<J)XO. lower flat; 5 sunny rooms and oath.
SUNNY 5- ROOM FLAT. COX. HARTFORD
and Nineteenth sts., nr. Castro.
Ai IT7 ' * c-M'V-TUIKIJ — LOWER FLAT:
iv I 4 100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms, bath
large yard; snu all day; rent $14; wa er free.
1 QfY7 STEINEK. NEAR SUTTF.K— LOWER
lOv I flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms: bath.
OAI UNION, COR. MASON, 3 ROOMS, $12;
OUx 25 Minna, 4 rooms. $11. new; 1616 Point
Lobos aye., 7 rooms and bath, $18.
©17 FLAT 5 ROOMS AND HATH. 1027
V 1 I . Post St., near Pollr.
Ql A FLAT » NICE LARGE SUNNY
\px\J. rooms, upstairs. . 16S Clementina st., off
Third.
d|» 1 i\ SUNNY FLATS 3 ROOMS. 1112 JES-
-0 1 U. sic su, bet. Hermann and Ridley.
Ar 07 EIGHTEENTH— 4 AND 5 KOOMS;
IUOI hath; $11 ana $13.
I 7 ELLIOT PARK, OFF bTEINER, NEAR
-L I Geary — 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $12 50. Inquire 1911 Geary st.
Ql C DORE ST.. OFF BRYANT— A FLAT OF
O1«J 4 rooms; $9. Inquire 319.
UNNY UPPER FLAT KO Ms : YARD. 52
Norfolk st., near Eleventh, off Folsom.
"®T~7 ELEGANT NEW MODERN SUNNY
Ci ' • flat; 5 rooms; bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
near Twenty-fourth. ■: •-
•\TEAR CITY HALL; FLATS 4 AND 5 ROOMS.
1> 149 Grove sU and 127 and 716Vfe ivy aye.
T^ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
XJ with bath and all modern improvements.
1833 Bush St., bet. Franklin and Gouch; rent, in-
cluding water, $42 50.
■VTEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
i> water free. 529 Ivy aye. •
QIA 4-ROOM UPPER FLAT, HALF A
tip lU. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye.
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
• > tages- from $6 to $20. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st. -
T?LAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN iS HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery su
LfcGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 10 $16.
1-1 A MISSION— TOP FLOOR; NICE HO USE-
«J 1 "i keeping; 3or 4 rooms; bath, yard, laun-
dry, fcm»ement. '
HOt'SIiKEEPINti KOOMS.
iililv street.
9Q EDDY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE. SINGLE
a-O or double; also light housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
Q I 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HoUSE-
<'ll keeping rooms; splendid location: private.
J-iUs Mreei.
7 (\O ELLIS— 3 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
I UO complete for housekeeping. ■ '
1 11 iii street.
Ql A FIFTH— SUNNY . FRONT, BAY-WIN-
OX tt dow room, kitchen, bath; private; $12.
Q9PL FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUBE-
OZO keeping: 2, $10; 3, $13; single, $5.
jOwl FIFTH ST. — FRONT ROOM AND
*db**'l 'x kitchen completely furnished for house-
keeping.
Jessie Street.
AIR JESSIE— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FURNISH-
"I I v) ed for housekeeping: also front room.
Oougn Street.
2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS TO
let cheap. 715 Gongh sU, near McAllister.
Haight Street.
9 4 HAIGHT— FRONT ALCOVE SUITE, COM-
— 'r plete for housekeeping; bath, gas ; $15.
Howard Street.
n- Q HOWARD ST.— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
\jQij rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
rjf*\ 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
I 012 sunny suite, with kitchen; others; reason-
able.
Hyde street.
91 (\ HYDE— LARGE FRONT AND 2 OTHER
J-iX, \J rooms for housekeeping.
Larkln street.
Q9£ LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
'Ja—Vj keeping aptmts; Ist floor: gas ranges; bath.
JOQ LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
rz^dO sunny housekeeping rooms; also single.
-■ 4!>e,lnii HI reei.
•I 999 MISSION— ~2 OR 8 FURNISHED
X tttjitu rooms, complete for housekeeping.
Pearl Street.
Q^EARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
0 or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
folk Street.
-1 F^99 POLJC— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
XO*u~a suites: single rooms; light housekeeping
privileges. ' -
"I £49 POLK -2 NICELY FURNISHED
X \J^aU sunny housekeeping rooms.
Sacramento Street.
3 ELEGANTLY FURNISHED ROOMS AND
kitchen with 3 double beds; A No. 1; sunny
side; center of city; to family without small chil-
dren; on or after July 1. Apply 630 Sacramento
St.. near Kearny.
seventh Street.
1 3fi SEVENTH— 2 LARGE SUNNY FUR-
It)u ntshed front houaekpg rms.; veranda; yard.
1 '-^7 . St^- - BURNISHED ROOMS
XiJ I from also housekeeping and
149 SEVENTH - NEWLY RENuVaTED
 CTI roonis: B , ulte aDd kUChen; also 2 rooms for
light housekeeping.
I~CJ "KVENTH - CONNECTING ROOMS
X O I and large rooms for housekeeping from $8
sixth street.
91 Ol SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED
1 ' >2 front room, with kitchen rent reasonable.
£. 9(| BIX 1H — a UNFUKMSUhD SUNVY
OaCO rooms with cellar, for man and wife; $8.
bteyeuson Street.
J9fr STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH
ri LiU —First ' iloor; very convenient. Apply
within.
Taylor street.
IAO TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
XUO rooms; single and for housekeeping; $1 60
to $3 a week. . . . . >
Tehama Street. V'~
AAQ TEHAMA — 2 CONNECTING HOUSE-
'i'iu keeping rooms: well furnished: every con-
venience. •-. ■ ' , -
. .1 in rd si tee ■ ■ "• -
fiOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD — SINGLE
V; suites, light housekeeping, $5 up; brick build-
Ing: yard. ■ - . ■ - '
. 'lurk Street.
mT URK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
suites, single rim: light hskpng privileges.
' 3llscellaneou«.V :
yrRNISHED AND .UNFURNISHED— FINE
x rooms and flat In quiet tamlly; -reasonable
terms; board- for persons wishing French couver-
•*Uoa. Inquire at 1520 tiay si. .
BOOMS TO LET.
: Brady Street. -
79 BRADY, OFF ""MARKET— 8 UNPTJR-
I *U nlshed rooms cheap to small family.
Hugh street.
1 1 07 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
x x \J I ■ rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath. |
iUtly street.
I 9 EDDY — LARGE, SUNNY, CORNER
xtj front room, en suite, and cheap rooms.
1 I Q EDDY— SUNNY, NEWLY FURNISHED
xiO rooms, $B up: 2 light housekeeping.
i^fiJith Mieei. -.
CnF.RMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 2« BTH
0 su. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
"1 9 EIGHTH-2 FURNISHED ROOMS SUIT
* X+m able for man and wife.
Eleventh Street.
901 ELEVENTH— 1 OR 2 SUNNY FURNISH-
*■»!■ ed or unfurnished rooms; reasonable.
■»"-»l»» Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
lights In every, room: reading-room contains all
daily papers; open all night: rooms, per night, 85c
to $1 60; week, $2 to $8: month, $8 to ScO: fire
escapes: elevator on office floor- r'ms for families.
HK RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
X ART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cola water.
OOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XX. at reduced rent: satisfy yourself; open all night.
99 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
— -- CALHQL'N, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse: 60 rooms.
Ron KLLIH— DESIRABLE BUNNY UNFUR-
iJZO nisbi'd parlor floor: 8 or 4. rooms;; gas;
bath; reasonable. - ■
Fifteenth Street.
1 f^Q7 FIFTEENTH— SUNNY, UNFURNISH-
Ii)OI ed room for housekeeping, or with board.
*--t»ry>; co . ■ '
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
auK I a unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
ri Q GEARY— ELEGANT ROOMS FOR OF-
ulO lices, suites and single: sunny; bath.
rFHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary st., sW. cor. Van Ness we.
• uiilf./uair Avenue.
A(\Q GOLDEN GATE-NICE BUNNY FUR-
rt\JV nlshed rooms.
lioivurrt , Street.
f»9Q HOWARD—SUNNY DOUBLE AND SIN-
UjIO gle rooms: gas; bath.
"I A 9C HOWARD— UNFURNISHED FRONT
X"1 — ' room and kitchen; cheap: no children.
1 Qfl'} HOWARD— 3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
lOU^rentsB.
•itifiiT Mreoi.
A BLINGTON HOUSE, " 127 KEARNY —
x\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
WE HAVE ROOM B TO RENT. CALL AT
» » Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny su
Jessie Street. ;■"_■"
JESSIE — 3 ROOMS IN THE REAR
•Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAST WINKLE: NEW
—I ' I management: elegant sunny suites and
Eingle; newly furnished; bath, etc.; Sll) toSHUL
O(\ 1 JUNES — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
OUI sunny room; board if desired; private
family. •
Lark in street.
Ql 7 LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
OX I rooms: single, double and housekeeping.
■ LeuvenwortU street.
1 A 1 A LEAVEN WORTH— FURNISHED OR
li 1" unfurnished snuny rooms; front hall
room, $4.
Alarfcfft Stree;.
OSA MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON- ELK-
OO\J gantly furnished; en suite or single; day,
week or month.
VOSKMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night. 36p to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: famine*.
IQI 9 MARKET (VAN NESS) — UNFUB-
-101-J nished suite; sunny single rooms, $8 to
a month.
Minns Mreei..
norr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nlshed bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
Mint Avenue.
9* MINT AYE.. OFF FIFTH, NEAR MAR-
— l*l Furnished bay-window rooms, en suite
or single; other f ront rooms: reasonable. /
O'larrnll street.
QOQ O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
OOP front suite; suitable for 2 or 8 gentlemen.
Jflfi l O'FARRELL— FURNISHED
"XVJUa front room; bay-window: use of piano.
/■•"I O'FA KELL— COMFORTABLE HOME,
"1" small English family; excellent board op-
tional; reasonable. ;
folk Street.
1 990 pnLK — 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
X— ,— \> rooms: rent reasonable.
Post Street.
71 C POST— FURNISHED OR UNFURNIBH-
I X O ed sunny rooms to rent; gas, bath; central.
Shot well Street.
(*-\ Q SHOTWELL — 2 OR 3 SUNNY FUR-
UJ.O nlshed rooms: warm belt; no fog. ■
MXiUS. roe .
Ino SIXTH ST.— NEWLY RENOVATED:
1"O sunny rooms; en suite or single: $5 up.
.. - Stevenson Street.
Cf»l STEVENSON-FURNISHED ROOM; II
*JUX per week.
Stockton Street.
9A9 1 STOCKTON - NICE SUNNY ROOMS.
— \J~-z suite or single. -
- tuner -ireot.
KIJ SJJTTEK-LOVELY RUNNY ROOMS:
"li new and handsome furniture: bath, hoi
and cold: very cheap; front suite for doctor's offle.
1111 "8 UTTER— NICELY FURNISH ED
XX X L rooms; suites and single; also house-
keeping. ' -'
I "1 Ail SUTTER, COR. POLK— SUNNY
XX. *1O furnished rooms; reasonable; light house-
keeping: transient.
Taylor Street.
1 aq Taylor — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS,
X\JO 81 25 a week; large double rooms $2 week.
IAQ TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED
XrLO sunny rooms. $10 up: hot-water bath.
1 filth Nmti
1 9' TENTH— LARGE WELL-FCRNISHED
Xj-iO room, gas, bath. $9: small one, $5.
Van Ness ATcnua.
"VTEWLY FUR. SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN
■Li flat: board optional. 'Inquire 808 Van Ness.
pHEAPEST ANDBESr~I3rAMERICA-TlilE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent. to any address In the
United .Suites or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
HOARDING 'AND ROOMS. ~~~
"COLUMBIA^'^SQUARK IIOOiT^^AND
*-t. board. $20 a month; private family; refer-
ences. '
707 ELLIS — WKLL-FURNISHED FRONT
i O I bay-win rooms, with or without board.
pOLUMBIA . HOTEL-D. BUCKLEY. FOl£
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme!er"s Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone In his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free .buses meet all*
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Kddy st. : meals 25c.
THE STEWART, CO . I, LLI S AND LEAVEN-
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites orslngle.
OTKL BKKTLINU. 714 I»USH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given auu required; all mod-
em conveniences. '. ' ■ ■
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to tny address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1 £0, post-
age free. <- ■ - ■ . ■
. CHILDREN- BOARDED.
ID^W^rwUt}l^D^lKE^^TTlJß'" IOIRL1 OIRL
between 2J/2 to 0 years of age to board.
Apply at 809 Baker St.
STORES TO ' LET.
TOP FLOOR 1-OK MERCHANT TAILORING;
window display on ground floor. 817 Market,
OFFICES TO : LET.
:: \^fl\^iA^K^T^VßOS ; riiVFTcESr^K^
XO i v ond floor; new modern brick; reasonable
terms. - . . -.■. ■ ■ . - .:■-.. . ■ .
ECKELS BUILDI NO. »27 MARKET—
Elegant sunn? offices. $13 50 up; electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply «t building
or U. H. I'MBSKX A CO.. 14 Montgomery "t. '
HOTEL TO LEASE.
O LET— TU W. TELL H OUSE, v 817-319
Bushßt.; this well-known hotel 'is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved; comperes wltn
best gd-class hotel in town. MAPIBnXABURKH
~~ ~ PHYSICIANS. J
"tTemovic d^d r? don se Ll • to "iaos
XW Market st. : diseases or woman a specialty. :■
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. his 80 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment; :
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by malL
A" WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 ; CENTS— THJ»
XX. WEEKLY CALX.. In wrapper, for mailing. .
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.
- < ■■■" BICYCLES.
OECOND-HAND WHEELS IN "PERFECT
O order: terms, cash or installment: . Creaoen:
*25, Cleveland $30, Victor $4«, < Crawford $3.%
Be:. Hur tandem. DAVIS BKOS., 25 Geary si.
A '96 YO6EMITE TANDEM. ALMOST NEW
$100. W. CRANE, 324 Post ,1~" 01 ■ W>
T WINFIF.LDPKAKSON, 216 MCALLISTER,
0 . Headqnvtrters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
Q P. NBW FALCON; HIGH GKADE; $45 AND
OU $55 vach: half price: few left. GEORGiO
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market St. oc<ui ' Ui: -
-I>ICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, $J5 TO $85. HAM-
-l> ilton Cvciery, Baker sU, near Hayes.
L/ICYCLKft «>« $20, t25,:?30, $35, $40, $45,'
» » $50, second-hand. 306 Post st. ' '
XfOK SALE--96 RAMBI-Ki;; WARWICK- IM-
x penal and Clipper bicycles at great ba. gains.
oos Larklu su ' -
p ARK CYCLERY— NEW wheels to liF
-i best accommodations. Terminus Geary. Ho
A Ulster and Powell su car lines.
I'Oli SALE-JHISCELLA>EOt'i».
GOOD CASH REGISTER^ MAGUIRE, 130
Sansome su, room 9.
"I LADIES' AND 1 GENTS' HIGH-GRADE
X wheel cheap. 811 Octavla St., downstairs.
pOUNTER. DESK AND OFFICE RAILING
for gale. 1164 Mission st. • :
rUST ARRIVED— 2 PRETTY A NO. 1 FRESH
0 Durham cows; large milkers. 1312 Folsom at.
ONE HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP"
Apply 2109 Larkin st., after 6 p.m.
T^OR SALE — EMBROIDERING MACHINE
X (Comely), cheap. 7 Bacon place, off Pine st.
TRRIUATOR> 4 AND 8-HORSE SECOND-
X hand gasoline engines, first-class and cheap-
Address G. E., box 100, Call Office.
$400 P'ANO, $100: 2 FINK SEALSKINS,
fjT^yJxJ $70 each. UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant.
X-3 11. P. UP'KIGHT EN.-INE&CENTKlFU-
galpumpg.ctached<fcso-llghtdynamo.sl6Mlsslon
()OU.NTKKS, Shelving, showcases
Wboughtand sold. 1121^ Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
IJAKVAINd TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES);
XJ write for prices. Typewriter Ex., SlO California.
L* OILERS, IN MACHINERY,
J ' waterplpes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beals.
, UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, HASHkd
' - doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONK SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market «
IV IKE AND aY LAX SAFE. LKTTKK-
x press, platform scales and desk : cheap. 102 Clay.
A T EW ranges CHEAPER than skconu-
X* hand. <V. s. RAY Mfi; Co., 1 2 California st.
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
■"■ rented, repaired : lowest rams. too Fourth sb
SIN>-ER SEWING-MACHINE OFFICE, 1559
Market: rent 91 60 to >2 per mo : repairing.
CATION
■Vf RS. MELVILLK SNYDEIL 715 POST ST.;
c» , vocal music; piano; elocution; practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a ape-
cialiy; vocal classes" Monday 8 p. if.: $1 a month.
ELOCUTION. DKAMA. DELSAKTE, PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 ri yd c st. ; call after Ip. m.
B OWEN'S A c"aDEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
■*-* Berkeley: special classes tor the universities.
HEAI.D'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 PUS . ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, teleerapby, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
piANO LESSONS, 600 HOUR. MR. WATTSi
218 Golden Gate aye.
"pROFKSSORG. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Mar
V" I HT CHOOL ;"H EaTTD *B~B I i E ': 2 i
•I' Post commercial, shorthand, English: low rates
OoKKEEPING BY TAKR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant teaching; 1 s time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. . 669 Market.
A TTEND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
•TV st. The very best individual Instruction:
20 trial lessons in Khun band. Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc, $1; books free.
BOOKKPNO, WKITNO, ARITHMTC. ORAMR
day A night; nnclassptt : $5 month. 846 Mission
t~\ UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MAKY WEST Ha US. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GKKVKN, VOICE-IMPKOVKK. 82
Ninth sU
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.: »3 m. Mate b1d.,r.87.
CI'AXIhH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeigterschaft School Language*!. 122 O'Farrell s;
Y RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery su: Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
)>KLASCO*S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Xi Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on ttage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7ih and Mkt.
SCHOOL KLKCTKICAL, CIVIL. MINING. MB-
chanicai engineering, surveying, urchitectur*.
■Bsayrestab. 64. VAN 'PER NAILI.KN. 72a::ku
A \VEr.K NEWS FOR " 5 CENTS— TUB
■a. WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
MEDICAL. ~~
ALL CASES OF 'IRREGULARITIES
stored In a few hours: «*fe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate borne in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DX. WYKTH, 916 Post St.. near Lark in.
A BLEsSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
eßects; never makes them sick to make tb em well ;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. A MRS.
DA VIEs. 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank:
consult, free; French reculatlne pink pills $2:
hours from 9 a. k to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 P. it.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTKU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: ail cases guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sun? call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LA DI ESTCHICH ESTER'S LTsHPENNY-
royai Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable: take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by re-
turn mall: at druggist's. Chlcbester Chemical Co.,
Philadelphia. Pa.
DEEP-SKATED CATARRH IN TUB HEAD
Is being cured C >cap without Inhaler. A. L.
WHEELOCK, 614 Ke-rny si.. Maine House.
INSTITUTE OF ATOPATH V FOX
X healing and Instructions; 2729 Jackson si,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation tree; call or write for
our "New Methols'': the poor healed free.
R. PEN A CHECK-* IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief; successful trea-.ment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant ay ■.
1 ADIKS, CONSULT MKS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell SU; oulyquallfled specialist; $50U
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
RS. GOODWIN. DISKA !.- OP WOMEN A
specially; u n excel ed In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in conlineinent; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market sU to 904 McAllister st. ■
JOSSELYN, the GREAT SPECIALIST,
XJ 1206 Market s .; private and chronic diseases.
lost manhood and female troubles; P. O. box 2275.
MRS. DR. WEGKNKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. . 419 Eddy st.
MR-. J. A. ACllAKli, MIDWIFE-HOME IN
confinement; 26 yra' experience. 655 Mission.
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
X see MKa.DK. PUETZ and be content. 254^ 4tb.
SURE CUKE FOB ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DX. GWYKK, 226 Turk »U
DX. HALL. 14 MCALLISIKK KTKKKT, NIiAK
'Jenes. uinesses of women and children. ■
" A LPKAU'B FRENCH PILLS-A , BOON TO
-TV ladles troubled with Irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure: $2 50 wjpress C O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. USUOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 : CENTS —
WEEKLY CALL. Is wraoDer. for mailing.
'HOUSES. " '...'.-. __
ILL MELIT^AT^PUBiriC AUCTION AT 645
'» Geary st, July 2, 1 gray mare, buegy and
harness tor board bill. C. R. MARTIN. . -
G <)(>!> STRONG KELfABLB DELIVERY
horse: $20; a bargain. 159 Second st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own n.aue, of . every de-
scription, for li 89 money than you can hoy Eastern
trash send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st.. 8. F.
irn SKIS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
-1 O\J ness, all kinds; wagons, : buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carls; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
tAn SET NEW AND BKCOND-HAND
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. watron, carts, surrey
dtrockawav, 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HOKSKS i-uil SALE; ALSO . WAGONS,
A\J buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 827 Sixth st. ; auction soles every Wednes-
cay. SULLIVAN A DoYLK. Auctioneers, r <
UK.^KS PASTURED. ShN.»-/*Olt 1 IKCC-
Iwr."-Th«» Hwl» Ranch. ToM * omtnerclal su
• WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ; -;,
sXI^K/ ATTE ASTERN PRICES, FINE
J carriages of every desc tptlon ; cash, notes ! or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., 8. F.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES:
sample*. H. M. HEINKMAN, 109 Kaneorue su
SECOND-HAND BAK&KS',
•*■' dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rocltttway
and 2 fine buggies. H2B Harrison »t.
:; PR.iFESSIOXAL CARD . . . ;
OHNE.RICH : ARD* S, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
/ 28 : and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, Han Francisco, Cal. >■. _ :
1 OHN AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER,
[ d alt} at law, mis 516,516. s;h floor, Parrott Ulug.
-.-..PERSONALS. . . '
VOTIC E T(J ~CUSTC>M ERsT — : A II
m stores of JOE POHJBIM, the tailor, 201 and
203 Mo.ituom-ry St., and 724, 1110 and 1112
Market st.. will be closed on 1 the Fourth; all de-
siring 10 have ibelr garments for the Fourth p. ease
call on Friday.' July 8. as the stores will be open
till 10 o'clock P. m. JOE POHEIM, The Tailor.
VOTiCK TO THE PUBLIC— FROM
J-i ancient uabyl »n has returned to material life
and Is in San Francisco, and would wish to con-
verse with some of the wealthy peonle on impor-
tant m alters. Please call at ail Cay st., room 7.
\\TILL THE 2 LADIES WHO HAD DRESSES
'» made at 1024 Mission at. call atonce for same?
or they will be -told. . .
RS. DH. MIRANDA, CHIROPODIST— THE
Berlin facial treatment giveu. 17 Grant aye.,
room l, city. , ; ■
1) AG CA KPKTM WOVE TO ORDER, FOR bALBT
it also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres : deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPB-
clally; private-, no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. U.W. HOWK,atty-at-law. 850 Market st
SBORTMENT OP AMERICAN FLAGS WILL
be loaned at 174 Clara St. A. BELASCO; 9to
10 a. m., 6 to 10 P. U.
ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
TT low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BHITr.MN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
TTeDERKR'S-THE PLACE TO GET THE
J-I best halr-dresslng in the city for 25e; first-class
switches $1; Lederer's "Qulnonla, " the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. 11l tHockton su, nr. Geary. - - '
\\ RB. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
•I'l cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 1-8 Kearny st., room 47.
SUITS TO OKDEK ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed : parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, lll7 Market St., bet 7th snd Bth.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cation on Saturday, June '26, and resumes work on
Monday, July 13. Forpar.iculars aldress 424 Pine.
ÜBK CURE FOR POISON OAK, KlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied:
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Francisco. Cal.
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DIB-
-eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. A Keainy.
"PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL: A FULL
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaran.eed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
LOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILS
\J manufra' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome, upstairs.
AZOK EXCHANGE. 630 . MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor tor 25 cents.
"T IBKIIAL ADVANCfc.-SUN DIAMONDS, JiiVV- |
XJ elry, etc.: lowest. rat**. 04S Market st. . 1
A TT-HE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU 1
A can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. a'so i
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason at. : open evenings.
LECIRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
2UO rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night : $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTHOZYNSKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
IJIG OUTDOOR STKKEOPTICON SHOW EVE-
J-> ry night cor. Market and bixth sts. : artistic ad-
verUEeroenis in living light; promoters of busl* ■
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS" AND LADIES' '
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie. |
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS j
wTV WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP. W R A PPE 3 > CENTS UP ; I
lawn $1 up. 5053 Natoma st.. above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A SSISTANCE AND ADVICE
ASSISTANCE tne unhappy, broken-hearted and
thai makes tne unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOu M. L. CAKNELLE.
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, /court- j
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec- ;
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brines the
separated together, ■ causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PKOF. M. L. CaRNELLE, 230 Kddy si.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 10 8
daily and Sundays.
WITOHEi WERE BURNED, BUT MME.
TT Stewert still astonishes the city by producing
exact likeness of your future husband or wife: the
xrettest trance clairvoyant aDd card-reader on the
coast; lest her powers ere she sails for Europe: she !
guarantees to bring back lost love; makes peace
and happiness in the home. R. 3 and 4,917 Market.
ME. TKUK, CELEBRATED GYPsY, UN-
precedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, giv- 8 Infallible love-
charms 10 all; hours 10 108. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. ; c evator. , . _^... . ......
\IMIS. LENEMAR— FORTUNES TOLD Bj
lX planets: predicted in 74 passengers of overdue
steamer on Island. Km. 10. 11 Ta> lor. cor. Markt
ITANA THIS- GYPSY. . ~ : "~
VJT This remarkable- woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on spocnlaiion, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* the separated
mid caii -en speedy a d happy marriage with the
oue of your choice; hours, 9to 8 p. M. 8 Turk st.
ME. PoKTEK. WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY
ant, card- reader, born rrlth a donole veil antl
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant slttlr.<?« $1 50. 126 Turk St.. nr. Jones.
XI Mb. AK.Niri', BK.SI r'UKTU.NK TELLER IV
liX the world: sOc and $1, shows yon the Dlctureof
your future, husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
\l ME. lilt! THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT 25
•"I yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
I > ETURNKL), WOKLD-RKNO\v'NED MMij.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
A RRIVED-MRS. HANSON READS HEAD
-<ti- and nalm, also cards and tells past, preaunt
and future. 17 Fourth st., room 7.
MX. KAVENA HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given ;2oc up. 5 Fourth.
ME. LEGEITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 26c. 811 Tehama. upstair*, nr. Fourth.
\t MB. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; RKVKALB
i'l pawl, present, future; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
MME. SYBILLE T. LLB FltOM CKAULK 10
Ib • --r>iv^- f'f -;ri ren*». «-14 n'l-nrroll .-.
M'lliiXtALlb.>i.
~\ VERITABLE QUKEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. I). HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 <t UPWARD!
• HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
-Why that look of sadness? Why thut downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life Is yet worth living!
M Its DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast In the ten years past. Is
again at her old offices 1320 Market street, Baa
Francisco, and Is now us ready as ever 10 nsslst
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write 10 her. Your whole Hie revealed; succesi
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tne
separated ere united; the nick made strong; the
poor b come rich ; if you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate tier aa the eternal heavens are
high above ibe earth. NKVKRFAIL6. she does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is" heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment by mall is always most suc-
cessful and saliitfac ory. All letters answered.
Disease* diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 A UPWARD!- FEE $1 A UPWARD!
MKS. DX. A. D. HOWE,
. ' 1320 Market at., on p. Seventh,
San Francisco.
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, •...-. \ ',
The world-renowned spiritual medium, stl'l
continues' to hold the public's attent on by her
wonderful work. Thousands . hay« been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. I Your life described from cr*dle 10
th*> grave. Her revealed medicin a work miracles
with the sick and afllic.ed: letters with stamp
answered: diagnosis trom lock or hair: hours 10
to 8: closed Fridays: sittings $1. ■ 12U6 Market st.
rT!E9TCIR(fi.K TO-NIUHT: 10c. YOUNG,
1 605 McAllister st. Skeptics invited.'
KS. KATE HOSKIN>S TRANCE AND BUSl-
ness medium; silting^ dally : *1. lH6Oaknu
;:. ; ASTROLOGY. ~ ~"
KDIC AT^^i^OL^GY^miFT^o'wA RD*S
vital remedies remove oil chronic troubles and
restore to perfect nealth. 311 liydest.. 1010 3. -
: LOST. ~~~ '
TOST— BREASTPIN, SHAPE OF WREATH.
XJ eel, Grant ay*>. and Sutter and Kearny and
Geary sts. Return 1640 Pine st.: reward,
<n»Ofk .HIJDCOWi WHITE SPOTS; h years
»J>«i.v/. old. Return 213 Morton aye., Snnnyslde.
MALL FOX -TEKKIEK: ANSWERS TO
nameTopHv; liberal reward. ■ 1011 Castro st.
SATURDAY, JUNE 27, BRlNDLE-
colored . Newfoundland ' dog. Return •to - 645
Valencia st. and receive reward. - ■--■ - ,
ropatiu.
I"7ouND^Fn xicAN "n^sTT6^wlTkl?l7^back
wheel broken. L. PCATENA, 104 Wash on.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW: ' ' : ■
'ETpHiLLips^u^^sVand^tatk'coukt^:
J» damage cases a specialty; money to loan on
estates: charges moderate, offices 508 Cal.iornia.
"I EC.ALBUBINESMTKANSACTED WITHOUT
Xj publicity ; advice free and i confidential, -p. O.
box 2132, San Francisco. - ' ,
ADVICE FRHE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
-i»- al:y; private; co charge unless successful; all :
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to.' U. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 85U Market. ';
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT- LAW. CHRON-
. Icle oldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
rp. J. MURRAY, A'ri"Y AND COTJNSKLORAT
. X . law; advice free.' -.24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 13.
W- W.DA vTdsoN.ATTORNEY-A i'-law, 420
IT • Caliiornia • st., rooms 14 and IS: aUviou fro*
-■.,..;.■,. CITY^REAI. ESTATE. ;-'',.',
VjcArEE BKOTJIEKS, "".^"""■'"""'"^"■"'^^
1»X . , ' REAL ESTATE BROKERS -. ! '
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
* PROPERTIES FOR EXCHANGE.
TO EXCHANGE FOR PROPERTY WEST-
: , t WARD.
a»;;rw.rk turk, NEAP. Webster; 26:6 x
tJptJtfl i\J. iaO: 2!ronts: cottage of 7 rooms,
bath; comfortable home; property will Improve. 1
TO EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO OR-
• , OAKLAND PROPERTY.
<£1 9 (\f\i\ WK.'.STER st., NEAR VA
vD-X ~.\J\J\Jt llejo; new residence ot 16 rooms;
all latest improvements: electric lights, gas fires,
furnace: natural woods; tinted wall desirable
location; delightful home.
.."..ALSO...
<2Qnnn NORTHEAST CORNER ON sax-
tjJ)OUUU. chez St.. near 24ih st., 86x75; street
work done: lot on grade; would sell in subdi-
visions.
TO EXCHANGE FOR MISSION property.
QftOrAIi YON, NEARGEARY; 57:6x201:6
t®\J£jOVJ. and L 40x101:6; a large lot with '2
neat flats: renting for $432 per annum; Inexpen-
sive improvement* would make this property pay
good Income. . " ■ ■ •■ • . .
■ ■ . also '•■ ' ." ' • • • ■-•■
G>fi(\(\(\ SITTER ST., EAST OF SCOTT:
•ITUUUV/. 27:6x62:6; 2 stories: store and 2
rooms below; flat of 5 rooms and bath above; small
stable: all substantially built and in good order;
rents $540; another flat and more rooms could be
added.
.McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st. -
OWNER, MUST LEAVE THE CITY; WILL
sell at a great sacrifice for cash: SW. cor. Fol-
som and 21st sis., 95x90 ft.
QW. 20TH AND TREAT AYE., 25x110 FEET.
A I SO 60x100 FT. N. SIDE. PAGE ST., 37 FT.
from Sbrader, bet. Sbrader and Stanyau sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL.
• Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our Installments are easer than rent.
©1 Oft TO 5250-LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
<tZ>l\J\J at once: near Mission ana San Mateo
Electric Car lines: only *5 monthly payments.
.*"•'■:-• i?OL GKTZ A BROTH KR.
C> 7 X 'I O *12-<O— BEST LOCATED 1 OTS NEAR
*%) I *J electric lines, north and south of park;
beautiful view of park, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated Collenei;
$5 and $10 monthly payments-
'-■' - ; ■ SOL OKTZ A BROTH E IS.
1 Call for maps and diagrams. '
SOL GE'IZ & BROTHER, Owners,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Buttling.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see !
plans. JAMES McCONAIIEY. 1149 Mission st.
Q?"l Of} OHO TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6*: ALSO
IV/U. \l\J\J Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in rrohate, small or large sums, i
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— VALENCIA-ST. CORNER AT A
X sacrifice. Apply to owner, KELLY, 102 Kddy.
CHEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
J rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated: electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller *r. nr. Stanyan. i.fr Mock (i liat» l'urg.
PROPBK'n TO EXCHANGE.
ToTyXciTk^ KANCH (CLEAR)" TO EX-
rL{J\J change for small ranch, town or city prop-
erty. Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
BARGAIN; 6-KOOM HOUSES: RICHMOND:
$500cnsh; lots or merchandise accepted. 1402
D<-vlsadero
100|| A CUES TIMBER LAND. KKKN CO.;
1 lOi> wmer: Hnoforcafe-r-'ii ng. N..hx.16.Ca1l
PROPERTY wanted.
For rent^choickSi 1 location~ v in'
Berkeley: lot 100x270: fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tennnt long term. bee
CAPTAIN MMRRISON. Berkeley -
j MONEY TO LOAN. ,
IBT&2D MORTUAOKS^INTEKKKTS IN E.+
X tales -.lowest rates :no c>pl:<y.MrKPllY.62B Mrlc-.
VJfONKY LYING IIiLK: TAKE AT $5 INTKIL
i»L «»st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
| ond mortgage or life insurance. coin, box 2. Call.
A DVANC£SUNDIAMONDS.JK\VKLKY. KTU
J\ Columbia Loan & Collateral office. 9 Urant nr<».
ADVANCES ON, DIAMONDS. WATCHES.
Jrl. Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
; moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLKY
I STOKE. D4B Market St.: open evenings
! 1 OASS WITHOUT INTEREST UP TO $20
X j on good security. Labor Exchange. 226 Clay.
■\f ONE Y LOAN ON JEWKLKY AND
i'l other valuables at the Security Loan Offlca,
, llC6Marketsu.or. Mason: private entranr* 7 Tur*.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MOKTUAOKii
Jrx. estates, undivided interests, real estate in Dro-
f bate. .Met i iH, aN. 24 Montcoinerv. room 3.
1 IRECT ON YOUR FUUNITUKK OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
; Imprest. Km. t>B. Donolmo bMg. 1170 Marltn-. <t.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 129 KEARNY" ST.. KOOM 9^MONBV'
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pa*
vale rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 1 cheap.'
vY. ? MUSICAL INbTKLMENTS.
: 0V0R " B a'RH 'a "i N; ~ FINE UPRIGHT
1 (f 1O«J. Schmltz. 16 McAllister St., next Hi-
bernla Bank. - .
QTKIKWAY PIANO; $150: OWNER OBLIGED
O to sscrincc it this week. Boom 10, Mood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
W ILLiAM G. BaDGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
TT the celebrated Hallei A Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 nacramenlo st.
UPRIGHT^ SAC Kir 1 CKD; SCHUBEKT.
Steinway. Weber, Decker Bros. 1019 Van Ness.
! UfKHAVKi NUMBtK"Tj? GOOD PIANOS
I " and organs 01 makers with established reputa-
I tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
triers and upon exceptionally easy terms. Tbes*
nstrumen s have been called In from agents
throughout the coast, in : whose hands they have
1 remained for some time wl.iiou; being sold. Call
1 early and socure a bargain.' SHERMAN, CLAY
I A CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter sts,, Stein way rep-
: rescntatlv>-s. -■ . ■
FIBHER~UPBIoTIT. $125; MARSHALL A
' Wendell. $125: bargains a $150 and $176.
! THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSI'J CO.. 769 Market.
""OIANOS IiALF PRICK. ~ ■-.-
X ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATK OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SKL .
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
! tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
. Call and examine. 735 Markets!. . .
B OUK NEW KENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of I our selling' some pianos for $3 per
I month It is not necessary. to wo elsewhere for more
favorable term* and low prices. SHERMAN,
I CLAY A CO., Stein way representatives.
BTEINWAY $175; BTECK $160: STEKL-
Ing $100; Ladd $60. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
LAN IS— DO YOU WANT OSK! FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
C Kit CO.. «33 Market St. ■
TJEFOKE BUYING SEE HAINEBKOa.',BUSH
X> & Gerts : and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
LOS INO OUT A COMPLETE LINK OF
\J small goods at prioes less than goods cost
landed in New York -, just the chance to buy a fine
! Instrument for your summer ■ online; at small out-
i lny : violins, $1 :-i5: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. 53:
! antobarps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
rases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.: now
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY oCOI'T, 929
Market st., Spreckels building.
I / IUCKJiKINU, KSABK, HTiSCK.V()!S!S. STUII-
I \J ling pianos: see our new piano lor $187: pianos
j lor renL BENJ. CUKTAZ A HON, 16 O'Farreli.
I IJVKO.N MAI/.Y, ;<OB POST bT.-«OHMKK,
Jl* Newby * Evan*. Kritrc^ nnd other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLIN*. ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
I in H. MI.'I.LKI'.. maker, rermirer. 2 ham Disco.
BTOKAUK.
"QTORAtTK^-^HEA^K^tTnItH^^ItT: i^IRK^
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
PPLY RATES FOX FURNl-
ture, etc. SHIREK «ft SHIKKK, 747 Market.
T. H. KOONK Y, 722 MISSION— -TOKAGK AT
.redt.ced rates: basement »ior»2e.#l 50 perloaj
17<UKN!TURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS;- AD-
' vances. shipping. CIiAA L. TAYLOK.2O4
i T OWKS1 1 RATES— FU it IT 0 RK. PIANOS,
XJ household coods, etc. j J. M. pierce, 735 Mark*:.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof bulldlnt: K.astcrn plan.
~~ ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
IGTITH jHvSTaIXmE V? ASBEoSMENT
notice.— s»n t Francisco and San : Joaquln
Valley. Railway Company. ; Location of principal
place of business, city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California. . ;•::■'..
-' Notice <is hereby given that at a meeting of the
board of directors, held on the 9th dar of June,
1896, an assessment of ten dollars ($10) per share
, was levied upon I the capita! stock of tbe corpora-
-1 tion, payable In medially to the Bank of California,
I treasurer of said corporation, at the office of said
treasurer, NW. corner of I Sansome and California
Streets, In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California. ■;•• «• - •
:" Any stock upon which this assessment shall ' re-
' main unpaid on the eleventh '(11th) day of. July,
; 1896. will be delinquent and advertised , for sale at
1 public auction, and, unless payment is made be-
j fore will be ■ sold on the thirtieth (.30. hi day of
July, - 1H96,' to pay • the . delinquent - assessment,
together with coats of advertising and expenses of
sale. By order or the board of director*.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary. ■
■* 821 Market st., city and county of San Francisco,
state of California. ■ •< . : • • ■ : ■
COCNTRT REAL ESTATE.
PORTLAND, OREGON*, FRUIT FARM:
X- For sale-20-acre farm in high state of culti- '
vation ; seven acres are planted to American vari-
ety of grapes, namely: the Concord, Diamond,
1 1 aton, Moore's Karly Woraen, Niagara, now full
bearing; several hundred large red gooseberries;
half an acre planted to cherries, pears, apples,
prunes, plums: one and a half acres p anted of 1
t ay sand cherry currants; new five-room hard-
nnlsb^d one and a halt s-orv house, heated by
hot water; a barn: wagon-shed: new greenhouse,
25x52; good well: tine water; windmill and run-
ning water th«- year round; this place is on a good
level county road, four miles from Portland city
limits and eight miles from center of lortland;
price, $10,000, or can be llvided Into two 10-acre
tracts— the tract with building. $6000: the other,
f4UOO; three and a half acres of grapes on each
tract; it is divided by county road; terms are half
cash, balance at 6 per cent. Address FRED KRK
LIxVD, Fulton P. 0., Multnomab County, Oregon.
©1 9 (\f\(\ CHOICE STOCK RANCH IN SO-
©lii.WUi noma County :1000acTes;gooct im-
provements: abundance of wood and water: near
railroad station; no mortira/e: will exchange for
residence in San Francisco, Oakland or Ainmeda. 1
SHAINWaLD, BUCKBKE & CO., Mills building,
218-220 Montgomery st.
If OR SALE OR EXCHANGE—
A HIGHLY IMPROVED FRUIT FARM IN
full bearing offered for finely located lodging-
house or business.
ALSO FINK BUSINESS BLOCK IN OAK-
-fi- laud lor stock or grain farm.
A CHOICE 20-ACRE TRACT NEAR SANTA
Rosa; 12 acres orchard. 5 acres vineyard; good
house aud burn: plenty water; will exchange.
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
Room 29. Second Floor, Mills Building.
I?OR CASH OR CITY RE A L ESTATE— S- ACRE
-T good Improved ranch in Petaluma. Apply 516
Second st. r. .?.--" '
"U, r ANTED- 15 TO 20 ACRKS, SONOMA
»" County, about 5 miles from town; state price,
which must be low. 8. P., box 45, Call Office.
KNI»T > LAND DEPAUTiIKNT OF BOVEE,
TOY SON MAG. 19 Montgomery St.. for
maps and full Information of McMahan Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters: unequaled in Cali-
fornia.
TO RfcNf— FAKaf~OF~2DO ACRES; FULLY
equipped: cheap. Address D., box 66, Call.
CjQXnn 320 ACRES FINE LAND NKAR
iff.OO\JVJ. Reading: fine iruit and grazing:
plenty wood and water; exchange for city prop-
erty; pay difference. I. C SIHARFF, 20 Mont-
gomery.
A LAMEUA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
XV t-st In the .state; si'lilni in tracts. 5 acres up-
ward. 835 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell; 1% hours trm S. F. ;
easy terms; Mile perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
T ITTLE~HOMkS. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 30 years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City; ever/ Monday at 632 Market si, S. F.
ARIN COUNTY— BOOO ACRES' 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to Baft, Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. . -
EM»FOUOUK i,i-ti OF ORCHARD Hu.Vir.3
for sale. WOOSTKR A WHI'ITOS. San Jons.
CIIEAPKST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent 10 any address in the
Unit States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
! ag free. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
Cj-Tc) NEW MODERN "t^ROOM^FLATsTnO
<Ji-10. dark or inside rooms; stove in Kitchen;
dumbwaiter; water and aeh-man free; central:
, near Adeline station: apply at once. A. H.
! BREED A CO., 460 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARDING.
MA RI MRS! KIIMA hT~~ADA~MS^
Newly furnisneU or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single; also, first-class tab board. 563
Eleventh su. near Jefferson. Oakland, ( al.
1 FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— LET.
J ■ with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
1 and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro su
j !=
1 OAKLAND FCRXITT'RK FOR SALE.
fCKXV BRUSSELS PET. 49c YARD AT
JL> 11. SCHKU.HAAV, 408 Klevent'i st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA KKAL ESTATE.
C-/;n(|H BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
tIpUUUu. o-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
j one Dlock west of Park si.; 11 will surely please
I you: investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland. .
ARGAIN— NKAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $1335 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. - - ■ -
ALAMKDA ROOMS TO LET.
/• OCpC BNT RA L A VS., NB. WEB^TKR ST.—
>»>»' Nlcoly furnished rooms with board: pinna
iJEIIKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
<B!^Qnn^3ASH— 11250— NEW COTTAGE OF 5
tJiOUU rooms and bath, hot and cold water,
chicken-house and stable: lot 50x100: 1 block
from Pos'-n station. Call on owner, 709 Cbanning
way, near Fourth st , West Berkeley.
JOSEPH J. MASON, KEaL ESTATE AND
0 Insurance agent, Berkeley elation, adjotnlus
bank.
OOD. HOAIK3 FOR RENT OR FOR WALK
on easy terms. O. U. MAY .t CO.. real estate
and buildtnar. U123 Center st.. Berkeley.
DENTISTS.
Tj^ost^cXa^S^^icnTTsTr^y 7 ! fTrst^cTalss
X prices: first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAH-
IiINC, CM.. M.D., 500 Suiter su. corner Powell.
I kR. DUCKET 1, 1703 POaThT.. NEAR BU-
-1 ' cnanan: gas given: crown and bridee work.
K.L. T. rKANg—BXTK ACTION PAINLESS,
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specially. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant a vs.
Q*rj A SET J-UR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
•D I good as can be made: tilllnc $1. Dr. SIMMS.
Ontlsi. 9»0 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
1 VIC LIDLUTi HILL. 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
rULI, .-*.. \,tt ii-.blii, $7; WARRANTED
X nve years. DR. V. CA VaLHKY. 24 Sixth st.
XT OF TIfiETH WITMOO lA 1-IaTK UK. H.
U. YUCiy, 1841 Polk BU - ■
I )K. GEORGE W. LEEK. THIC GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of pntnless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to !t'O i/Farrell st.
pAINLEsi EXTJRACI'ION. . 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 op: 13reari'
experience. B. L. WALaH. D.D.S.. 815i^ Geary.
L>Ot,TO>i DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUti iLAit-
net St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1208 MARKET, COX. GOLDKN
Gate aye. — Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, posi-
wre free- -••■•.'■ • ■ . • ■ ■ ■ : , ■
. ' BAGGAGE TRANBFEK.
rpRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. 'COMMERCIAL
1 Transfer company, 43 sutler St.: telephone
main 49: -keep your checks for us. ■
- UUAL NOTICES.
statFop^ma lio AjiiiT ¥ankson7fo]K
morly Cumberland), deceased.
To JOSEPH R. BANKSON, late of 1147 Ru-
. dolph's place:
Take notice that the final account of the Admin-
istratrix of above estate will be audited, settled
and adjusted by the Orphans' Court on KATUit-
D A. V, August 1, 1896, at 10 o'clock a. m., in ■ ourt
No. 2, east corridor, fourth floor *;ity Hall, Phila-
delphia, Pa.-, and same will be confirmed unless
exceptions aw filed thereto. ■ ■ ■ -
KaTE CUMBERLAND. Administratrix. ..
701-6 Ijrexel Building, Phlladeli hia, Pa.
PURSUANT TO A.DKCKEK Ob' FORICI.O-
X sure and sale, made In the Circuit Court of the
First ■ Circuit of the republic of > Hawaii May 12.
1890, notice Is hereby given that the properly
hereuorder described will be sold at public auction
at the Courthouse (Alllolanl Hale) In Honolulu.
Island of Oabu, 11. L, on Wednesday, August 26,
1896, at VI o'clock noon. P. C. JONKs, ..
If> iißJWiarf MMit WjiH Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
This properly ss known as the. Lanai Ranch, lo-
cated on the island of Lnnal, comprising 11,500
acres more or less In fee simple,' and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable 01 which do not expire until 1910:
the annual rentals are about $1800. . .
• This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hay- !
I ing ample houses | for . all purposes, all lin good re- I
pair, with ■< isterns, wooished and Dress, and a '
lio.-k of 1*4,000 sheep, 550 bead of cattle and 200 |
horses by actual count.
'1 he lan is are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep j
and • 10,000 bead.- or cattle. As sheep run it Is j
tbe most valuable on tie island-). • The lands now !
owned and controlled - by present owners virtually
control the entire is and or Lanat. - -
-There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dugs lon the
la land. 1 .. .. ••_.--.- r-'-v, .-.- .'•. -'- ■, . ■ v
.-■ Steam communication between Lanal and Hon- I
olulu every weelt."*Wi»JMfW*S**|tMß**t^paB^O»!*«
• A map showing all the lands controlled by tbe 1
•state and a detailed -schedule of the property 10
be sold can be seen and further particulars cau be
bad at the office of Messrs. Welch A Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco.
' Terms of sale will be cash In United States gold
coin. •■•-,- -■ ■ :-■• ■•: ■■- ■•:•'.•: ,/ ' "i '
■ Honolulu, May 15, 1896.
/ v - F. C. JONES. Receiver.
TYPEWRITERS.
TJEMINGTON, MST~-TirTTTrTs6T^KN^FcTR
XX, sample work. KCOTT & BA NX A N.S33Mntemy
iiiiiii^— jiAKiUAiii^— mim~
(Birth, marrisco an I death noilc«s'sent b» mill
will not .be Inserted. 4 They must be handed iv %:
either of the publication offices ana be indorse 1
with the name and residence of pe»ona auiUorli jl
to have the same published./
BOR.V.
BOLGER— In this city, June 29, 1896, to the wife
or J. J. Bolger, a son.
BRUCKNER— In this city, June 27, 1896, to the
wife of J. W. Bruckner, a daughter.
O'NKILI>-In this city. June 29, 1896, to the wife
of J. J. O'Neill, a daughter.
MAUUIED.
GREEN— LEARY-ln Vallejo. June SO. 1896.
by the Rev. Father Jones, William Green of
San Francisco and Maggie Learyof Vallejo.
INMAN-TOBEY— June 24, 1836. by the Rev.
M. F. Colbourn, Dr. Thomas G. Inman and Sadie
L. Tobey.
DIED.
Beta. Philip Michaels. Charles
Bowman, Alice C. Nelld, Ralph
Bruns, Henry O'Neill, Mrs. Bridget
Cacace. Fortunata Page, Mary A.
Cullen, Captain William Pratt. Susan M.
Dawson, James S. - Reed, Nellie E.
Dunster, Isabella P. Schmidt, Augusta
Eberhart. Adolph Smith, Matilda
Forster, John Tscharnke. Paul
George, Annie Wagner, Milton A.
Gore, William C. H. Westberg. K.
Harris, airs. Sophia White. John
McEldowney, Maggie Woerner, David
BETZ-In South Berkeley. June 29. 1896. Philip,
beloved father of Catherine, Lewis, Albert and
George Bet x. Mrs. H. T. Cripps and Mrs. L. An-
> derson, a native of Germany, aged 73 years 6
months and 4 days.
AST* Friends and acquaintances ' are re.it>'>;'>
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday^, at 11 o'clock a. it., from his lata
residence, 2137 Russell street, south Berkeley.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BOWMAN— In Piedmont, June 30, 1896.. Alice
Churer Bowman, a native of Massachusetts, aged
50 years.
BRUNS-In this city. July 1. 1896. Henry, be-
loved husband of Marie Bruns. and father of
Augusta and Helen? Bruns. a native of Bremen,
Germany, aged 49 years 1 mont 1 and 27 days. .
CACACK—Iu this ci c June 30,1896. Fortunata
Cacace, a native of California, aged 34 years.
CI'I.LEN— In this city, July 1, 1896, Captain Wil-
liam Cullen, beloved father of John.l., Paul A..
Mary X., Teresa and Annie A. Cullen. a native of
Ireland, aged 74 years.
£9*Frlends ana acquaintances are re*n<»c"-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 69 South Park, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DAWSON-In this city, June 29,1896, James a
Dawson. a native of Ireland, a»ed 26 years.
49" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invite! to a ten.l the funeral THIS I)AY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. from the par-
lors of the Imperial Cycling Club, 614 Van Ness
avenue, under the auspices of the National
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DUNSTKR-ln Oakland. June 28, 1896, Isabella
F., beloved wife of John Henry Dunster. and
mother of George W., Franklin J.. Thomas E.
and Irene M. Dunster, a native of Chicago, HI.,
aged 37 years 1 nd >i montts.
Friend* ana ncojiatn ar» r«<n>BC-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from tne hall of
Sunset Rebekah Lodge No. 109, 1. O. O. F. , cor-
ner Pine and Seventh streets. West Oakland.
Services under the auspices of Sunset Rebekah
Lodge No. 109. 1. O. v. F. Interment Mountain
View Cemeiery.
£BKKHART— In this city. July 1, 1836, Adolph.
beloved husband of Katharine E., and father of
Adolpu, Pauline C. Ida X., Charlotte M., Lily
A. and Fannie L. Kbe"rhar , a native of Switzer-
land. aged 70 years 8 months and 4 days.
£9""Friend* and acquaintance* ar>* ri»«n»c-
fullv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(■Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FORSTER— In thU city.. June . 30, 1893. John
Forster, a native of Switzerland, aged 36 years 1
month and 6 days. . .<
GKOKGK-In this dry. July 1.1898. Annie, be-
loved wife of Adam George, and daughter of
Mary O'Connor, and sister of Mary and James
O'Connor, a native of New Orleans, aged 40
years.
GORE— In Oakland. June SO. 1896. William
Charles Henry 1 ore, a native of Oakland, aged 1
year and « months.
HARRIS— In this city, June 21, 1896, Mrs. Sophia
Harris, mother of Mrs. Frank D. Scott, late of
Santa Cruz, a native of Ohio, aged 76 years 7
months and 10 da vs.
McKLDOWNEY— In this city, June 30, 1898.
. Maggie McKldownc>,a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 2 months and 9 days.
MICHAELS-In this cltv, July 1.1896. Charles,
dearly beloved son of Hosa Michaels, and brother
of Mrs. S. J. Lev-.-, Edward. Harry, Isaac, Gus-
sie and Esther Michaels, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years 6 months and 13 days.
NKILD— In this city. June SO. 1896, Ralph Nelld,
a native of England, aged 79 years.
O'NEILL— In this city. June 30. 1896, Mrs.
Bridget O'Neill, a native of Limerick, Ireland,
ale t 90 years. . . ■
A3~The funeral will take place THI3 DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 215 Fill more street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem . mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. xl Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
PAGE— In South San Francisco, June 30, 1896.
Mary Agnes, beloved wife of the late Peter
Page, and mother of Charles H. and Ben Z. Page,
Mrs. Carrie Baker and Mrs. J. Krivn (an adopted
daughter), a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 69
years 6 months and 3 days. [Philadelphia papers
please copy.]
j>a~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from the resi-
dence of her son. Charles Page, 1448 Minna
street, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth, thence
to the Church of St. Charles Borromeo, Eigh-
teenth and sbotwell streets, for services. Inter-
ment Mount calvary Cemetery.
PRATT— In Oakland, Juno 30, 1896, Susan M.
Pratt, a native of New York, aged 59 years and
23 days. •
REED— in Oakland, July 1. 1896, Nellie E.. wife
of W. H. Reed, and mother of Horton Barter,
and sister of Ashley Cameron, and daughter of
the late Annie L. Cameron, a native of Oakland.
49~Frlends and acquaintances are reiDeot-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral services
THIS DAY {Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. M.. at
her late residence, 1273 Thirteenth avenue, East
Oakland. Interment private, at San Lorenio
Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In Alameda, June 29. 18°6, Augusta
Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged 61 years and
11 months. • ...••-: . •
SMITH— In this city, July 1, 1896, Matilda, be-
loved wife of Robert Smith, and mother of Mary
A. and Magzle J. Smith, a native of County An-
trim, Ireland, aged 64 years 9 months and 14
da vs.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
TPCHARNKE— In the City and County Hospital,
June 30,1896, Paul Tscharnke, aged 39 years.
WAGNER— In this city. June 30. 1X93. Milton
A., beloved son of F. C. and Rosa Wagner, and
brother of Frank, Adolpb, Lawrence, Hilda and
Herbert Wagner, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 y ar.i 2 months and 10 days.
acyFrlends ana acquaintances are r93oMt-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1985 Howard street, near
Sixteenth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WEPTBBRG— Id this city, June 30, 1896. K.
Westberg, a native of Sweden, aged 34 years.
WHITE— In this city. July 1, 1896, John White,
a native of New Jersey, aged 72 years. ■ ---.'<■
WOERNER— In this city, June SO, 1898, David,
' beloved husband of the late Carmelita Woerner,
I and father of Adolph, Gustave, Frederick, David,
Theresa. Louis, Elizabeth, Charles, Henry, John,
Carmelita and William Woerner, a native of
\ llsfeld, Uellbron. Wurtemberg, Germany, ■ aged
63 years 4 months and 4 days. >
A9*Frlends and acquaintances are ro^peo
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from his late resi-
dence, 2908 Washington street, between ' Devlsa-
dero and Broderick. , ■ ■ . .
MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMKRS,
30 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
.... Telephone 8080. ..
Jab^'mcMknombyT™™"™ '■ . - Chas. McMtNOMKT,
I JAMES aicMENOMEY & SON.
UNDERTAKERS AND KMV.ALMERS,
. 1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354. r •
Jjfa dtlehester'a EnctUh Diamond Hruitf. .
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
0 *— ■ <*»*%. Original *nd Only Genuine. A
/ r ,/Ty, i N ■ «»«, »1*»t» relUbi*. LAOito »k jK\
&AS &*» Drogrirt for ChUhctter't EntliMh .Dfs-Af\\
|T i %p~]irCL. ' '"' m " llf la lied «aJ Md mi-t»mo\%*7
*£v — OBK/>»»«- »r»l*J wkß «>■'«• ribbon. Take \Rr
I*l hiiii other. JC«/u« d&ngtrou* lubitipt- V
[ I/ ~ ffrtiotu imitation*. At Drug(i«s. •rMod4«.
I W Jff in Ktmpi for sartlcoltrt. t:>ticenlala anil
\V* 0 "Relief for L»<ll<-»," M lette*. hr return
-\ : IT Mall. .- 1 0.000 Trstlmouinlj. Name Paprr.
v — — rclilc > j«<t»rCieißlc»lCo. l iI»dl»on><« lu«ia,1 u«ia, •
la «if Loo«l Dn.«i«U. Fkliad'^.^at
: aOSSSBm WII.COX COMPOUND
TTansvp/lls
m Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Taka
DO substitute. For sale by all druggists. .- ■-.- •»' Bend
• for Woman? » Safeguard. WII.COX SPECIFIC
C 0. .238 SOUTH EIOHTHST..PHILADA..P.A.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNET-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 63d Market St., oppo-
i site Palace Hotel. Telephone 57a Uealdwioft lttM
( lell su.. Telephone; . "Pins"- -jJL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMI AN A BITTERS, TH4
great Mexican Remedy; £Itm iiiaiUl ***
fctrengUi to th» sexual or*au*
1516
ARRESTED FOR
THREATS TO KILL,
Dr. Arthur Martin Ac
cused by Miss Alma
Josslyn.
SAYS SHE IS HIS WIFE.
The Physician Declares That
His Plight Is Caused by
Designing Enemies.
VALUABLE PAPERS INVOLVED.
A Curious Case, Comprising Heirs to
a Large Estate and Parties Ito a
Breach of Promise Suit
In the arrest of Dr. Arthur Martin last
evening a curious condition of affairs in
volving the physician and some of the
Josslyn heirs has been brought to light.
Dr. Martin was arrested by Officer Mc-
Murray of the Society for the Suppression
of Vice, the charge being threats to kill.
The bonds were fixed at $2000.
Although the complaint was sworn to
yesterday afternoon before Judge Campbell
by Mrs. E. A. Basford, the complaining
witness on tbe register of the City Prison
is Alma Josslyn.
Dr. Martin was seen in the prison, but
he was somewhat reserved in giving any
information. He talked enigmatically,
but after considerable trouble he came
down to the question of his arrest.
"My arrest," he said, "nas been insti
gated b> r Davis Louderback, the attorney.
It would take too long to explain the
reason why. Alma Josslyn is one of tbe
Josslyn heirs, and I have befriended her
during all the legal battles in the courts.
Louderback has been acting for the
opposing side, and my arrest is
simply a ruse to force me to
explain my exact relationship to Alma
Josslyn for purposes best known to him
self and to endeavor to get the custody of
important papers wh.ich are in my posses
sion and which would throw considerable
light upon the reaL object of my arrest.
"Miss Josslyn, I know, is no party to my
arrest. She is sick and unable to leave her
bed, and could not have sworn to the war
rant. Why, if she were able to come here,
she would throw her arms around my
neck and kiss me, just as v wife would be
naturally supposed to conduct herself if
her husband were in the position I now
am. I feel sure she does not know of my
arrest and will be very indignant and
troubled when she hears of it.
"The charge that I threatened to kill her
is false. Is she my wife? Well, this is
neither the proper time nor place for me
to say whether she is or not."
Inquiry at 1322 Mission street elicited
the information tbat no such person as
Alma Josslyu was known there. It seems,
however, from information furnished by
Dr. Martin at a late hour last night that
she bad entered the place above named as
Mrs. Earnest.
"I had not intended to speak about it,"
said Dr. Martin, "but it seems that her,
or rather our, enemies have been at work
to bring about our downfall, so 1 see no
particular reason why tbe true facts
should not be known.
"I am the husband of Alma Josslyn.
We were married three years ago and have
two children at;ed 18 and 3 months. Dr.
Logan attended my wife during her last
illness and he knows the affectionate re
lations existing between us>. I have not
seen her for over a week, but I am sure if
sbe knew I was iv prison it would kill her.
That, I suppose, is just what her enemies
are working for. Ido not care to give all
the facts of the case at present, but at the
proper time I will tell the public some
thing which will interest them."
Later last night Attorney Davis Louder
back said that he knew nothing about the
arrest It was news to him. He stated
that the onl y relation he had in any cir
cumstance in which Miss Josslyn was in
terested was as attorney for George Staacke
in the case in which she sues him for $50,
-000 damages for breach of promise. That
suit is still hanging tire because Miss
Josslyn is not 21 years of age, and it will
be opened up again.
Judge Louderback received visitors
cheerfully last night, but to all he had
nothing to say, except that he had noth
ing to do with the case.
Mjss Josslyn is a handsome young
woman, who, having passed the tutorship
of courts, is now branching out into inde
pendent suits on her own account.
She first sued Dr. George Staacke for be
trayal, and now she appears with a suit
for threats to kill against Dr. Martin, who
had been her guardian and her pillar of
support in the Staacke suits.
BOOMING THE CARNIVAL
Public Bodies Give Assurance of Their
Support— The line, Gold and
Cardinal.
The committee, consisting of F. A.
Haber, I. L. Rosentbal and Colonel George
Stone, appointed at the last meeting of
the executive committee of tbe Carnival
of the Golden Gate, succeeded yesterday
afternoon in enlisting the hearty support
and co-operation of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, the Board of Trade and Chamber
of Commerce in the coming carnival.
The gentlemen called on F. W. Dohr
KEW TO-DAT.
Woßit ahi> Wombk Oult are most com-
petent to fully appreciate the parity, sweet,
ness, and delicacy of Cuticdra Boap, and
to discover new uses for it daily. To cleanse,
purify, and beautify the skin, to allay itch-
ing and irritation, to heal chafings, excoria-
tions, and ulcerative weaknesses, nothing so
pure, so sweet, so speedily effective as warm
baths with Cdticuba Soai\ followed, when
Decessary, by mild applications of Cuticura
(ointment), the great skin cure.
Bold tbrtmshont the world. Price, Cpticuba. «oc.;
Boai>. 15c. ; Rksoltemt. Me., tnd tl- PoiTEK Dbou
.»J»i< Chxm. Co«r., Sole Proprietor*, Botton.
SOT "Huwio Produce Laxtriaot Hair," mailed free.
man of the Merchants' Association, Hugh
Craig of the Chamber of Commerce and A.
A. Watkins of the Board of Trade, each of
whom said he appreciated tne advantages
that San Francisco would derive from the
carnival and promised to bring the matter
before his body, with a view of making
the proposed mass-meeting a grand suc
cess.
kater in the afternoon the committee
called upon President Warfield, who sent
the following letter to the presidents of
the three organizations:
Dear Sir: The committee appointed to wait
upon you with reference to the approach Ing
carnival, consisting of Messrs. F. A. Haber,
1. L. Rosen thai and Colonel George Stone,
have reported this afternoon the hearty wel
come and cordial reception which was ac
corded them by yourself, v the representative
of your association, and oh behalf of the mem
bers of the executive committee I desire to
personally extend ibeir thnnks 10 you for the
manner in which you received them and for
the earnost interest you take la the mutter
which I believe is of such vital interest not
only to our City, but our State.
In view of the lact that tne presidents of
those organizations have agreed upon the date
I woula suggest that the meetiug of the com
bined associations be held at the Chamber of
Commerce, on Thursday, July 9, at 2 :30 p. M.
Gustav Walters, manager of the
Orpheum, has placed his house for one
evening at the disposal of the committee
when he will present the gross receipts as
his contribution to the carnival. The
management of the Chutes on Haight
street will, as soon as their contemplated
improvements are completed, do the same.
There has been a general response from
the leading dry-goods houses and others,
who have been notified to make a display
of the colors of the carnival, blue, gold
and cardinal, commencing Saturday morn
ing, July 11.
Charged With Embezzlement.
George E. Crasp was arrested yesterday after
noon on a warrant charging him with felony
embezzlement. The complaining witness is
C. W. Weston of the Weston Basket Company.
Crasp was lor many years in the employ of tbe
KOKICHI SONODA, PRESIDENT OF THE YOKOHAMA SPECIE BANK (LTD.).
company, but was discharged. He is charged
with collecting $187 from customers of the
company, which he appropriated to hi« own
uses and purposes.
MIDWEEK THEATER ROTES
Miss Shannon Shines as a
Modern Becky Sharpe in
"Sweet Violets,"
The Vitascope Wi 1 Soon Laave the
Orpheum— The Tivoh's Coming
Grand Operas.
Large houses at the California Theater
are tne deserved reward of the Stock
well Company's clever presentation of "A
Bunch of Violets" this week. The play is
above the average, especially in one or two
powerful scenes, which are strong without
encroaching on the domain of the melo
dramatic.
Ab Mrs. Murgatroyd Miss Effie Shannon
especially shines. The role is that of an
adventuress, a sort of Becky Sharpe char
acter, and in the scenes where Mrs. Murga
troyd deals round honeyed words that
stab, in spite of their apparent sweetness,
Miss Shannon's purring manner and guile
less Ingenuousness are simply fascinating.
Stockwell is thoroughly effective as
Mark Murgatroyd, the rough, shrewd old
Yurkshireman, and the rest of the cast is
good.
"Americans Abroad" will be produced
at the California on Monday.
"His Wife's Father" continues to arouse
laughter and applause at the Columbia
Theater. The play is new here, so that
odious comparisons cannot be made be
tween the present performance and others
that have preceded it. To tell the truth,
however, "His Wife's Father" is one of
tbe best things that the Frawley Com
pany has done during its present 'engage
ment and well deserves the large houses
tbat it is attracting.
Tbe drama at the Grand this week, "One
of the Bravest," has the full amount of
stirring incidents and scenic features.
Emmet Sheridan is proving a good star
attraction, and thanks to Gilbert and Gol
die's efforts the comedy element is well
looked after.
The last days of the vitascope are adver
tised at the Orpheum, and as the Edison
invention nas steadily grown in popu
larity numbers of people are going to see
the last of the May lrwin kiss and the
Cissy Fitzgerald wink. The rest of the
bill, however, is well worthy of attention,
particularly the Fredericks troupe and
the M iagets, who have gained popularity
owing to the recent boom given to prize
fighting.
"A Trip to the Moon," will run for the rest
of tbe week at the Tivoli. There has been
a large sale of seats for the grand or)era
season which opens on Monday. "Lucia"
will be the first performance and on
Wednesday Gounod's ''Romeo and Juliet"
will be produced for the first time in this
City.
Large audiences are still the order of the
day, or rather of the night, at the Park
Theater where "The Rambler from Clare"
is being produced by a clever company,
which includes some good specialty artists.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2, jB9:.
TO COLLECT
BIG WAR DEBT.
Bank President K. Sonoda's
Distinguished Mis
sion.
CHINA NOW PAYING UP.
America's Greatly Improved
Commercial Relations With
Japan.
MORE BATTLE-SHIPS NEEDED.
A Facific Line of Steamships May
Soon Be Established— lmproving
Commerce.
The payment of the war indemnity by
China to Japan, the commercial relations
between the United States and Japan, etc.,
were the topics very intelligently and
pleasantly discussed yesterday by Kokichi
Sonoda, the president of the Yokohama
j Specie Bank. He is now making a tour
I of the several agencies of the bank in
America, Europe and Asia. Within a
week or ten days he will leave this City
! for New York and go thence to London,
where he will make the requisite arrange
ments for the receipt of the next install
ment of the big war debt, which China is
resignedly liquidating and Japan is cheer
fully receiving.
"The total indemnity," said Mr. So-
noda,*' "is 200,000,000 taels, or about £30,
-000.000 sterling. Of this sum, two install
ments, amounting to 100,000,000 taels, have
already been received by Japan. All of
this money has to be handled by our
bank, which shows that we possess tbe
confidence of the Bank of Japan, for
which corporation we act as agent. For
surrendering possession of the peninsula
of Liau-Tong our Government also gets
: 30,000,000 taels, and China pays us 500.000
taels yearly while troops are stationed
at Wai Hai Wai. When money is re
ceived in payment of the indemnity it is
at first deposited in the Bank of England
and used subsequently as may be required.
"The ports of China are easier of access
since the close of the late war. Various
manufacturing industries are now rapidly
springine up in that country and foreign
capital will be required for their develop
ment. Already there are a half dozen cot
ton factories in Shanghai, and the result
will be a brisk commercial competition
between China and Japan. The more we
produce and the more we sell the more
we must buy, and our importations of cot
ton from your country will naturally in
crease. Trade in Japan has received a
great stimulus and the United Statea is
sure to get its ghare, but we wish to go as
steadily as possible and not too fast, for
fear we may fall down.
"I am satisfied that a new steamship
line will be established before long be
tween Japan and the United States. To im
prove the commerce between these coun
tries freight rates must be reduced, insur
ance cheapened ana better banking facili
ties provided. We, as bankers, are doing
the best we can to extend our trade with
your Nation. At all times our relations
with America have been of the most
friendly nature, but with England we feel
that circumstances might make of her
either a friend or a foe. There is no
weather-cock to tell us in which direction
! the wind is blowing.
"It is very probable that Japan may
give the Union Iron Works of your City a
battle-ship contract. It is mainly a con
sideration of business as to whether our
ships will be built in the United States or
England. The shorter distance from
Japan is in favor of your country, and
then in the event of war in Europe it
would also be preferable for us to get our
ships from you.
"The Yokohama Specie Bank was in
corporated under a special charter sixteen
years ago. Its chief aim is to give all pos
sible facilities to our foreign trade and
commerce. It is the only corporation of
its class now in existence in Japan.
"We do a very heavy exchange business
and have agancies in New York, London.
San Francisco, Honolulu, Lyons, Bombay
and Shanghai. We also have correspon
dents in the principal commercial cities of
America, Europe and Asia. A new agency
wiil soon be established in Hongkong.
In March last our capital was increased
from 6,000,000 to 12,000.000 yen and this
year our reserve fund will exceed 5,000,000
yen.
Mr. Sonoda has an excellent English
education. He haa been in the diploma
tic service, and from 1882 to 1889 was the
ci nsul of Japan at London. >, During his
long residence in London he made a
special study of the industries .- of the
country and the methods :of L finance,
and banking, as exemplified by the Bank
of England.. ; -
In 1890 he accepted * the .presidency of
the Yokohama Specie Bank and conducted
it _ successfully through • a -troublesome
crisis arising out of the currency actions
taken by the United States and India. Mr.
Sonoda was decorated with the fourth
class order of the Rising Sun and also re
warded with a grant of money for the ser
vices of his bank to the Government dur
ing the late war. ~&Mß&Bt&gMggßgß
He is accompanid by ' his private secre
tary, K. J. linanisbi, who was a resident
of this City eipht or ten years ago. He
has traveled : extensively since then and
speaks and writes English with as much
fluency and idiomatic accuracy as a native
American.
BALDWIN IN TROUBLE.
The United States Marshal Suddenly
Finds Himself Without Any
Deputies.
United States Marshal Barry Baldwin
was practically forced to suspend opera
tions yesterday. There were five or six
duly appointed deputies hanging around,
but the misfortune consisted in their not
being properly sworn in.
What is generally known a? the fee bill
went into effect yesterday. It became
necessary for Baldwin to name new depu
ties or reappoint his old ones prior to the
new fiscal year. As the men under him
had seen years of service he wisely con
cluded to name them for the positions.
As Judge Morrow was absent it was im
possible to legally install them in office,
and in consequence business was at a
standstill. Judge Morrow is expected to
return to-day, when the deputies will be
formally sworn in.
RATTLING THE OLD BONES
Winnifred Barron's Change From
Plaintiff to De
fendant.
She Grasps at a Fortune But Cannot
Pay an Insignificant I
Rent.
Winnifred Barron, or Winnifred Mor
ton, and her son, Edward Andrew Barron,
are being sued for the rent of a little room
on Harrison street by G. W. Fink. The
rent due is $48, the accumulation of an $8
rent since January, and, although the de
fendants claim relationship to Edward
Barron, the millionaire, they cannot pay
that small sum.
Winnifred Barron is the colored woman
who claims to have once been tbe mistress
of Edward Barron, and Edward Andrew
Barron, she says, is their son. She has
appeared in the Justices' Courts before,
three times before, when she commenced
as many different suits against Barion for
the maintenance of the boy. On each oc
casion she made a desperate effort to se
cure a judgment for $275 a month, but she
failed, and now, while clutching at the
millions, she cannot pay a rent of $8 a
month.
The first suit was commenced in 1882,
but it was not carried very far, for, as in
a later complaint, a consideration from
Barron. She says that B. 3, Newman was
then her attorney, but she was promised
a house in Louisville, Ky., if she would
dismiss Newman and hire two other at
torneys named This she agreed
to do. and ±\ J. Sullivan, Barron's man
ager, turned over to her a cottage worth
$3250. Soon after that her attorneys dis
missed the suit.
In 1890 anotber suit was brought, but
upon promise of payment it was dismissed.
As the payment did not follow a third
suit was started. In this complaint it was
alleged that Edward Andrew Barron was
THE LATE W. CULLEN.
the son of Edward Barron and that be was
in need of the common necessaries of life.
Ho was then about 9 years old. It was
alleged that Edward Barron had paid $35
a month for the support of the boy, but
that was not sufficient, and beside* the
money was not paid regularly. The only
income she and her son had, the plaintiff
alleged, was $25 a month, which she pot as
rent from the cottage in Louisville. She
thought $275 more would about support
the boy and so she sued for it.
An answer was filed denying all the alle
gations, and then in a few days this suit,
too. was dismissed without prejudice.
Then Barron tiled an affidavit demanding
that the case be put again upon the cal
endar for trial.
He denied that the plaintiffs were re
lated to him in any way. and that he had
ever paid $35 a month or any other sum
for the maintenance of the child. He said
the suit was brought for the purpose of ex
torting money from him, and he wanted
the charges brought into court. But the
case was never taken up again.
The suits were suppresssd in some way,
but yesterday's filings have recalled them
and the peculiar story they told. The
complaints in the old suits are indorsed
with this brief caption: "Complaint for
maintenance and support by a poor son
against a ricn father.'*
Struck a Woman.
Mrs. Amelia Wuest, 524 Alabama street,
swore to a complaint yesterday charging Otto
Grainest, proprietor o( a restaurant at 26
Geary gtreet, with battery. Mrs. Wuest Mid
she did the laundry work for the restaurant,
and yesterdny when ene went there with the
laundry Gniinesi said something offensive to
ber. she remonstrated with him and he struck
her. Her husb&ud was a veteran of the Civil
War, but wa* unable to work owing to the
effect of the wounds he received while fighting
tor bis country's flag.
PROPERTY CLERK
W. CULLEN DEAD,
Expired Yesterday After
noon After a Brief
Illness.
SKETCH OF HIS LIFE.
He Was One of the First Set
tlers in Washington
Territory.
PIONEER PRODUCE MERCHANT
Joined the Force Thirty Years Ago
and Two Years Later Was Made
Property-Clerk.
William Cullen, the veteran property
clerk of the Police Department, died at bis
residence, 59 South Park, about half-past
3 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
He had been in failing health for several
months and about two months ago was
forced to leave his desk. He was able to
go around till two or three weeks ago,
when he took to bis bed and died yes
terday afternoon.
The deceased was born at Barrettstown
Castle, County Wicklow, Ireland, on
February 17, 1822, and was, therefore, in
the 75th year of his age.
He came to San Francisco in 1852, but
only remained a few months. Then he
went up north and was one of the first
settlers in the then Washington Territory.
He was a member of the first Board of
County Commissioners of Whatcom
Connty and at the same time held the
position of Justice of the Peace.
The Hudson Bay Company at that time
had possession of Sin Juan Island, which
was claimed as part of the United States.
By consent of Governor Stevens Mr. Cul
len levied an attachment for taxes upon
sheep belonging to the company, and with
the aid of tbe sheriff and several of his
men, successfully carried off thirty-nine
rams.
This action of Mr. Cullen led to the
United States obtaining possession of that
island and other islands in tbe Straits of
Georgia, a iact which he always took great
pride in referring to.
The deceased left Whatcom County
shortly afterward and was for some years
engaged in mining and farming in this
State. He was the pioneer produce mer
chant in this City, and was engaged in
that business when appointed to the
police force on November 20, 1866. Less
than two years afterward, on September 1.
1868, he was appointed oroperty"clerk. He
held that position for nearly twenty-eight
years ana had the rank ana pay of cap
tain.
The late property clerk was highly
esteemed and respected by members of the
department and all who came in contact
with him. He was lasting in his friend
ships, and many found in him a kind
friend and adviser. The system he inau
gurated in the management of his branch
of the department was incomparable and
was the a (miration of visitors from police
aepartments in other cities. He was care
ful, methodical and correct in every little
detail, and a hard and untiring worker.
His wife died several years ago, but he
leaves a crown-up family to mourn his loss.
It is probable that Sergeant Moran, who
has been connected with the property
clerk's department for several years and is
thoroughly conversant with all the details,
will be appointed to fill the vacancy.
The Police Commissioners met last
night and immediately adjourned out of
respect to the memory of the deceased.
NO COIN IN SIGHT.
The June Salary of Federal Employes
Is Probably Postponed Until
December Next.
Consternation reigns among the Custom
house officials. The salary warrants for
June should have reached here some six
or seven days ago. Up to the present time,
however, not one word has been received
from the department at Washington, and
in consequence there is no little uneasi
ness. Tbe men, of course, understand that
they will ultimately receive their salary,
but snch knowledge does not pay the bills
of to-day.
"This thing has happened before— once
or twice, I think," said Special Deputy
Jerome yesterday, "and there is certainly
no occasion for alarm. If the appropri
ation has run short, then it simply means
that the next Congress will pass a de
ficiency bill. I cannot believe, however,
that the fund is exhausted. If it was we
would have received some notice, either
by telegram or letter. "
In spite of Mr. Jerome's confident as
sertion that the requisition would be forth
coming in a day or so, the impression pre
vails in customs circles that June salaries
will not be paid until December, or when
the next general deficiency bill is passed.
Years ago, in Japan, there was a coin
called the monseng, which was worth
only about 1-224 of a penny. It was an
iron piece.
KEW TO-DAY— DRT GOODS.
I PRICE CLIPS We FOURTH I
i DOMESTICS NOTIONS ]!
If M =ON=« -=FOR — .flf
|| SPECIAL SALE. THE FOURTH, ii
TURKEY-RED TABLE FANCY MESH VEILING— A new
I • DAMASK, 58 inches 'J'ir line; plenty of colors and new :, { ,
{{ wide, regular 35c. Very M/*J^ patterns. To be placed on sale |t
special Yard to-day and to-morrow. 11
! BICYCLE SUITING, duck REAL TORCHON LACE, ill
" finish, dark colors, reg- $t^c 4 inches wide, assorted g 69
ular 1234 c, made for bi- 0.-;W» patterns, for Fourth of dC I
1 j cyclists. • Special price. . Yard July shoppers. Special.. Yard I,
Ml COTTON CHEVIOTS, 27 ASSORTED HAIRPINS, e_ . 5f
inches wide, dark col- f^r all kinds in a cabinet. «5C !
f- ors, . regular 9c. From U4C Price . .... Cabinet 4
IT now till the Fourth _ Yard g~ V
KNITTING SILK, full Ar , T
M CHENILLE PORTIERES, line of colors, 30 yards on T"C I
m 3 yards by 4B inches, dado C"5 (\(\ a spool. Price Spool J !
top and bottom, regular «P«?."\/ f
Jl $450 kind. Special Pair SCHOOL PENCILBOXES,
$• ' filled with slate pencil, rr_ 1
Iff UNBLEACHED MUSLIN sponge and penholder. *>C !
36 inches wide and the e»_ Prices, 10c and Each TT
(! 1 kind youpay 7c for. To- O+* I
mam day and Friday Yard ;y. : —- I
Hi! Outing Suits. Outing_Suits. J
,1 DUCK SUlTS— White 3° LADIES' MIXED 1
at* duck blazer effect, wide • SUITS, TO .GO ON I 1
]Tf skirt, a breezy little {5 C A • SPECIAL-SALE .TO-  II 1
Jl affair and cheap at $5. DAY— Blazer effect. VjV
'• Special Suit fc fancy silk lined, 5M J;| 1,
II yards wide, lined with •) j ,
oTAnTr »rr>.^. rust c percaline and I
ii B SKTRTf . AL 7 A^ A velvet bOUnd We I
Iff SKIRTS, 5 yards wide, bought this suit to sell I I
]| well lined and oound, &-> /\/\ at $15; sizes 34; to 40. CIA .A 1 '
ii was a hummer at ?5. •?>->. UU Special Fourth of July *P 1 V.5" !
iH Fourth olJuly price.... Each price................;; Suit j,
I HALE BROS., I
i\ INCORPORATED, J?L
I 937=945 Market St. |
nrbTroTroTroTToTroTrbTnro^^
E aY H
I FREE J
|SHOW 1
C? ° i
C Is the show now offered at *! ■
g Rathjen Bros, to save money £ |
g on your Groceries ! «
P» LUNCH TONGUE, Libby, «|
C McNeill & Libby's, regular 3
C price per can 30c; our price XA rt 3 j
Jo 20c;3for Out 3 |
£ CORNED BEEF, Rex brand. 3
Jo regular price large can 20c; If'p 3
jo v,. our price ... xt)L» 3
je FLETCHER'S COCKTAILS, 3
» six varieties, regular price 3
Jo qt. bottles $1.00; our price C»f).00 °{ :
g 75c : 3 for V**— °j '
£» CHERRIES in Maraschino, °{
l° regular price lar^e bottles LiZLf* 3
C $1.00; our price DDL/ 3 j
1° CAL. CREAM CHEESE, reg- °<
l o ular price per Ib. 15c; our "I A« 3
Jo price ±1/0 3
£> GILKA KUMMEL. regular oj
I® price per bottle $1.25; our ©100 3
C price. V 1 — 3
I RATHJEN BROS., 1
5 21 STOCKTON STREET, ..'3
C NEAR MARKET. 3
|o Monthly Price L'st on application. 3
X? QOOPQPOOOOOo'ooq Q_??J
Great
Sacrifice
Sale
OF—
Secoiid-fland Bicycles!
$15, $20, $25, $30, $35.
SEND FOR LIST OR CALL
LEAVITT & BILL, j
303 LARIIi ST., S. F.
1112 BROADWAY, OARLAHD.
HBLlccrs la Mouth. R&ir-Falllag! "Wrlto COOK. :^
■BEME3Y CO., SOT Masonic Temple J9
jWChlcaßo, .111., for proofs of cures. Cupl- S3
Kjitul. SSCH),QOO. Worst cases cured la ioB3
t^to «5 days. 100-pqge hook free.
V* f)
. :^\m^ZZQ MARKET^S.VTs!^BSBf.-.;.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION
SORE THROAT
"DATA AD t
DA£AAia
Hnrrali for tlie of Jnly?
FIREWORKS!
Crackers and Skyrockets
FOR EVERYBODY.
SPECIAL :-:¥EPARTM"«T
733 Market Street.
LARGEST SELECTION !
BEST QUALITY !
LOWEST PRICES !
Torpedoes, Firecrackers. Pistols,
Caps, Balloons, Cartridges, Cannon,
Paper Caps, Guns, Piuwheels,
Roman Candles, Skyrockets,
Lanterns, Bunting
AND °
FLAGS AUD DECORATING MATERIAL
OF ALL KINDS.
— ALSO —
ASSORTED CASES
OF FIREWORKS!
Put up expressly fonfamily use,
containing from 150 to 500 pieces,
At $1, $2. $3.50 an 1 $5 per Case.
Notk— Goods delivered free of charge In Sans*-
llto, Bllthedale. Mill Valley. Tlburon?Antiocli,Saa
Rafael, Stockton, Hay wards, Vallejo. Napa, Saa
Lorenzo, Melrose, tiaa Leandro. Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley. •■■;;■■
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS,
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1. 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at snch wharves •
| in this • city ■ as are : supplied with its hydrants.
I Written applications for water are to be made ac
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
propose to erect on toe seawall, between Howard
! and Mission streets. Ships lying In ' be stream.
I will be informed at the above office, at ' n £ tlme °*
i making such applications, • from i what hydrants
their water-boats- will .be supplied. Reasonable
notice miAt be Riven in all cases, and applications
will be filled at the earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. and 5 p. v. dally. Sundays and
holidays excepted, unless ■ specially contracted
otherwise •>•' '■ ■ ■'■' <-.-:^.
By order of the Board of Directors.
■■'.*' ." "■■ ' : PELHAM \V. AMIS Secretary.
COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. a" Mint, ? 100 " and 10 1 Fifth St.. Hi%
J-rancisco, — The most select family ■ hosal in
the city. Board and room, $1, *1 ■-' 5 and $1 sUp»e
nay, according to room. Al«*l3 23c. Kcocas, aJa
75a a day. i' roe coach to and irom in* noc«U
■mx>lc tor the coacii u-nri uir the n*tna of iii» Ot»#»
mopcuun How. WM. £'AH£Yi f iQptißia**