VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 95.
GOLDENROD
DEMOCRACY
First Day's Session of the
Third Party Con
vention.
ORGANIZATION QUICKLY
EFFECTED.
Bryan and the Chicago Platform
Scored by Sound-Money
Men.
[TV OF PRESIDENT
CLEVELAND.
Principles Advocated by Indianapolis
Dissenters to Be Made Public
To-Day.
CONVENTION HAL,L. INDIANAPO
LIS, Ixd., Sept. 2-— The first day's session
of the National Democratic Convention,
called by the Democratic advocates of
sound money and the opponents of the
Cnicaeo platform, was marsed by unani
mous action and favorable surroundings
of wind, weather ana enthusiasm. Eight
hundred and twenty-four delegates were
present out of a possible 900. These rep
resented forty-one States and three Terri
tories. In maay instances the delegates
were supplemented by full sets of alter
nates, so that the attendance equaled and
almost surpassed the seating capacity of
the hali.
As a body the delegates presented the
appearance of substantial business men —
■weii dresieU, well mannered and exceed
ingly courteous — some oi them so unac
customed to the ways of political conven
tions tbat they had to be instructed as to
the simplest matters of procedure.
To leaven this iump of political inno
cence there was quite a sufficient admix
ture of veteran politicians, o.d wheel
horses of the Democracy in fact, including
three United States Senators — Paimer,
Caffery and Vila? — four or five Govemers
and ex-Goveriiors of Stats — Jones of Ala
bama, Stockbridaa of Delaware. Buckner
of Kentucky and Flower or New York — be
-everai prominent ex-Congressmen,
among them G. E. Everett of Massachu
setts and Perry Belmon; of New York.
The convention went to work with busi
ness celerity, effected both a temporary
and permanent organization, and got
down in one day to that important point
in its order of business where its platform
comes in. Senator Palmer of liiinois,
chairman of the committee which issued
the caU, rapped the convention to order.
Ei Governor Flower was made temporary
chairman, and read a very long address,
many points of which were cheered. He
was succeede-1 by Senator Caffery of
Louisiana," whose speech was much shorter
Roswdl P. Flower, Temporary Chairman of the National Democratic
Convention, Begun at Indianapolis Yesterday.
than the temporary chairman's, but was
equally inc.«ive.
The oratorical effects of the day were
secured by Dr. G. E. Everett of Massachu
setts and John P. Irish of California. Dr.
Everett boidly declared that Massachu
setts was for cold ami not for bimetallism
■.ernational agreement, asserting that
every nation whose views were worth
having nad adopted the cold standard.
He al-o repudiated any alliance witn the
McKinley protectionists and proclaimed
•regularity" for the present convention,
which he beiieved wonld be the precursor
of a long line of regular Democratic con
ventions. The Chicago convention and
platform were ignore! as Democratic in
-•itutions by l:.e speakers and by the con
vention.
Mr. Ir.sh was very aggressive in his re
marks. He spoke of McKinley's protec
tion and Bryan's free-silver Popuiism as
"twin sisters" of the horseleech," working
in concert, each to produce a depression
of price? for which free trade or iree silver
was to be the remedy. He opposed the
income tax and called upon all true Demo
crats to protect tbe United States Supreme
from the degradation which would
be thrust upon it by tbe "puppet of tne
silver syndicate."
The San Francisco Call
All these remarks were vigorously
cheered, yet the most noticeable feature of
the day was the reception which met Mr.
Cleveland's name. Whenever it was men
tioned it was greeted with an uprising
demonstration of applause, the heartiness
and sincerity of which seemed beyond
qnestion.
The convention was called to order in
Tomlinson Hall. The interior of the
build; n* was profusely decorated with the
National colors and various designs em
b.ematic of the sound-money faith- The
front portion of the stage was furnished
with plants in pots — the goidenrod being
predominant. The main body of the hall,
on three sides of which are galleries for
spectators, was occupied by delegates. A
band of music in a smaller gallery dis
pensed popular airs durins the day.
Han. iag high over the platform was
the National coat-of-arms, on which a
golden eagle appeared to be triumpnantiy
napping vis wings. To the right of this
were hune framed likenesses of Jefferson,
Jackson and ex-Senator McDonald, and
to the left pictures of Cleveland, Hen
drick* and TUden. The appearance of
the hall, on the whole, was very pretty
and attractive.
There was much applause as prominent
Democrats entered the ball and took their
seats. AmoDir those t.us specially hon
ored were Buckner and Breckinridee of
Kentucky. Senator Palmer of liiinois
came :n unnoticed and took his seat
among the delegates from his State. A
white silk &&z on which was imprinted a
likeness of President Cleveland, with the
motto, "Florida's candidate," was carried
through the hall by a colored man, and
was cheered frequently. Ail the delegates
wore bright-colored badges on the lapels
of their coats, the prevailing hue being
golden yellow, and many of them sported
in addition twigs of "goldenroj," so that
the character of the convention was as
serted in unmistakable manner.
The convention was called to order at
12:30 o'clock by Senator John M. Palmer
of Illinois. He said:
"Gentlemen, I have the honor, mo
mentarily, to preside over the first Na
tional Democratic Convention heid in the
year 1*96. [Cheers.] The gavel wii! be in
my hands, however, but a moment.
are assembled here for hign, noble, patri
otic purposes. Our earnest thought :s to
serve our country [applause], and in the
sincerity of that purpose we may appeal
to the Judge ot all hearts. In order that
we may now appeal to the Great Master,
the Great Giver, I beg you to listen to the
invocation of Bishop White of the diocese
of Indiana."
Bishop White delivered an earnest in
vocation that the Almighty womd give us
grace seriously to lay to heart the great
danger the Nation is in by our unhappy
divisions.
The call for the convention was then
read. When the name of Cleveland was
mentioned in connection with the names
of Jefferson and Jackson the members uf
the convention rose and cheered for sev
eral minu:e-.
The roll of States was read with several
amusing incidents. When Colorado was
caiied the response was "Present, with a
solid de egation of one."
Florida aaid, "A double delegation and
overflowing."
Illinois replied, "A full delegation and
some to spare."
When Nevada was called there was no
direct response, but a voice from the rear
of tne bal. shouted, "Digging silver."
There was no answer from Wyoming.
When the call of States was finished
some one called for the Territories.
Alaska. Arizona and New Mexico were
found to be represented.
Senator Palmer then called for a report
from the National Committee, which was
read by Mr. Brennan of Wisconsin. It
declared that delegates have been se
i lected and are present from forty-one
| States. Those in w-ich no delegates have
| been se.ected are Wyoming, Utah, Idaho
and Neva : a.
In justice to the true Democracy of
! those States it should be stated that they
| are so far distant from the headquarters of
j tbe executive commif.ee that they are not
available for correspondence, and organi
zation ha* been relatively so short and the
population of said States so widely scat
tered that it has been impossible to take
the nece-sary steps to form local organiza
tions and to secure tbe election of dele
j gates to thi* convention. Democrats of
tbe true faith in these States doubtless
regret the absence of representatives in
this convention as deeply as can the con
vention.
Although Territories are not mentioned
in the call for this convention, ibe Dem
ocracy of the Territories of Alaska, Ari
zona and New Mexico have gallantly sent
; delegations. We recommend that thedel
j gates reported to ihe secretary shall be
entitled to participate in the preliminary
organization of the convention and that
those who are present and the alternates
] for those absent, if any, shall be entitled
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
to cast his full number of votes to which
their respective States are entitled. It
was also recommended that the rules of
the Democratic convention of 1892 shall
govern this convention. Ex-Governor
Flower was nominated for temporary
chairman.
Ex-Governor Flower was then conducted
to tde chair and said, in substance:
This gathering is notice to the world that
the Democratic party has not yet surrendered
to Populism and anarchy. The true principles
oi Democracy expounded by Jefferson and ex
j emplified through a century of National his
j tory, are not dead because those principles
; have been repudiated by a convention calling
j itself Democratic, but controlled by un
j Democratic influences. Those are true Demo
crats who remain true to the principles of
their party and who refuse to be bound by
party declarations which betray party faita
ana threaten both party and country with
disaster.
By our presence here we emphasise the
genuine character of our Democracy and
demonstrate the patriotic nature of our parti
sanship.
Because I love my party and my country I
am here to do what 1 can to shield them from
dangerous attack. The danger of the Chicago
I platform does not alone nor chiefly lie in its
declaraUon for a financial policy which wonld
be ruinous. The danger lies in the revolution
ary influence which controlled the Chicago
convention and animated its platform.
Men may justly differ as to the best scheme
of National finance, and may debate their dif
| ferences without recrimination or without
j questioning the honesty of motives. But
i when men, led on by ambitious politicians,
their minds fired not by the example of Amer
ican patriots, but by that of radicals of the
French revolution, overturn party precedent*
and pack a convention to secure an effective
majjrtty, then by aid of that majority raise
the incendiary banner of the people
against the rich, attack the integrity of the
Supreme Court, threaten the subversion of
Mr. Bryan said : " This is a political campaign. It is developing more public speaking than any
campaign that we have had since the war/
National institutions and the direct perver
| sion of constitutional guarantees, incite disre-
I epect of law and authority, suggest and in
E substance recommend the repudiation of Na
tional and private debts, and reject by intend
ed implication tbe fundamental principle of
Democracy that that government governs best
which governs least — then it is time not only
for Democrats to forsake that motley and un-
American gathering, to reject that nn-Dvmo
cratic and un-American enunciation of doc
trines, and to join, in such manner as may
seem oest, with all patriots who cherish their
country's honor and wish to protect the wel
fare of its peop'.e.
I mistake the moral sense of the American
people if the action of the Populists at Chicago,
reinforced and emphasized by the action of the
Populists at Si. Louis, haa not rekindled the
spirit of American patriotism and awakened
tbe American conscience to the national dan
gers which lnrk in the forces and influences
behind Bryan *nd Seweil or Bryan and Wat
son. The real issue in this campaign is an is
sue of patriotism. In many a Presidential
election tas the fight raged fiercely be.ween
the advocates of different political doctrines
and the ruin of the country freely predicted il
either -•■et of doctrine* were established as the
policy of the Government — such predictions
being merely the extreme expression of party
politics; but in this election the issue an und
which the battle is waging involves the integ
rity of onr institutions and the sacredne-s of
our National honor, and when men have
stirred that deep well of sentiment, ordinary
party differences disappear, the moral i.-sue
predominates and all good citizens sta-d
Senator John M. Palmer of Illinois, One of the Organizers of the
National Democratic Party.
FOR ONCE WE AGREE WITH MR. BRYAN.
I shoulder to shoulder axalnst those who would
I de-troy toe Americin name and undermine the
walls of her political structure. Mr. Bryan re
iteretes, in about every «oad speech, that he
stands squarely on the Cn:cago platform and
rapports every one of its planks.
Jiit has not yet announced his accep'ance of
all the planks of the Populist platform, but
inasmuch as these are only different in degree
and he has been identified with Populism
quite as much as -xith Democracy, it is but
lair to assume tbat be stands on both plat
forms. Not quite so radical in his views, per
haps, as Altgeld or Tillman. not quite so
frank as Tom Watson, he is, nevertheless, a fit
representative of tbe revolutionary forces be
hind him — ambitious, unsteady and unsafe.
There is nothing in n is career or in his pres
ent utterances to encourage the hoi* that if
elected he wou d rise above his surroundings
or stay the hand which threatens to destroy
and pervert. An untried man, a demagogue,
a word juggler, he well represents the restless
mob from wn.ch be rose, and wiih character
istic recklessness does not hesitate to appeal to
base human passions in order to attract votes.
Tbat in this ißcenaiary's role, standing as he
professes to stand, on principles as mi-Demo
cratic as those of H*rr Most, he should deserve,
by any co: ception of party regularity, tne
support oi uue Democrats, is past compre
hension and explainable on'y by .enorance of
the man and bis platform or disloyalty to
genuine party faith. No sound conception. of
party regularity'can justify encouragement to
social di-order.
Not even the honest believer in a silver
standard or the most enthusiastic bimetallism
can. if he be a patriotic citizen, conscientiously
support the forces of political inirthr. The
advocacy of free-silver coin ge by Bryan ana
many of his adherents is only a cloak for the
spirit of revolution behind. Every true bi
meta'list must blush to have his cause depend
ant for success upon those who would reorgan
ize the S a preme Court when its decisions do
not please a party convention, who would re
pudiate the National debt if free silver coinage
did not accomplish bimetallism, who would
attempt to destroy the sanctity of private con
tracts, who would have the Government take
and operate the country's railways and tele
graph, who would restrain the strong arm of
law in suppression of disorder. Even if 1
believed tbat free coinage of silver by the
I'm ted States independently and alone would,
under proper conditions, restore bimetallism,
I could not bring myself to intrust so delicate
and important an undertaking to men of Bry
an's inexperience and ass.>ciations,*nd I would
suffer forever the alleged evils of a gold stand
ard before I wonld be a party to contempt of
law, to as attack on our highest court and to
a subversion of our form of government by
loading it down with ungovernmentui func
tions. Before such a spectacle how would the
shadow of Jefferson, Jackson and Tilden shud
der and sarink.
Wnile. as 1 have aaid, Mr. Bryan boldly pro
fesses to stand on every one of the stran«e
planks of the Chicago platform, he adroitly
attempts to divert Democratic attention from
the revolutionary spir.t which prevades most
o :^at document by confining the larger
part of his public utterances to what be calls
bimetallism, and he evidently hopes by mag
nifying the importance of this flnancia. lama
and distorting its phases so that it will ap
pear to be the movement oi the masses against
the classes, to make Democrats forget their
dislike oi the plainly un-DemocraUc features
of the platform and to persuade them that
after all on.y an economic issue is involved and
this snou'.d not justify a breaking of party ties.
But tbat kind of tactics should deceive no
one. We believe that Mr. Bry*n'» arguments
for free Silver are fallacious and demagogic,
but we oppose his candid- cy not ch.efly be
cause he favors free coinage, but because his
advocacy of that policy is but a feature of his
support of a set of doctrines which we have
been taught to regard as the very opposite of
Democratic and tbe support of which demon
strates the ;infitcess of Bryan and his associ
ates for positions of public trust. Let not this
fact escape Democratic attention.
Every appeal in the name of party regularity
to support the Bryan ticket is an appeal to
support '.he governmental ownership of rail
roads and telegraphs, to attack the independ
ence of the Federal judiciary, to abolish the
cr dii system as a test of fitness for pu<>;ic
office, to refuse to uphold toe National credit
by the issue of bond-* when necessary, to scale
down the pub.ic deb; by repudiation, to invite
not only me evil> which wou.d follow a silyer
standard, but those which would loiiow irre
deemable paper money, for even purely fiat
money seems to De recommended in the^Jhicago
p. at form. The men who represent such a con
glomeration of poor principles and radical no
tions are not Democrats. 1 hey have no claim
on Democrats, and all over tae land to-day
Democrats are rising to overthrow their party
fetters, which mean slavery, and to staud be
tween the people and .he certain injury which
th« party* rash leaders would inflict upon the
Nation.
"'- THe", revolutionary spirit which forced Bry
an's nomination is manifest In his speeches
now being delivered throughout the Country.
His conspicuous failure at Madison-square Gar
den to advance the cause of silver by close ar
gument -, has , induced . him ;to abandon ' ■ the
weapons of tbe logician and statesman and to
empioy the arts of the orator. From the rear
end of cars he has been flinging out social and
political firebrands among the people.
■ He appeals to the base instincts of the ignor
ant or to the' misery ot the distressed. He
strives to, array, class against class, to incite
employe against employer, to stir up debtor
against creditor, to make this a contest of the
poor against the rich. Mar God prevent this
incendiary work! In this broad land it has
luian nsrumid t haJt «h*»Mnn«io( mik
cess have been open to all. The rich to-day
were the poor of yesterday. No families of in
herited wealth dominate our politics or our
society.
Before the law all men are equal. The same
opportunities do not come to all men; some
succeed, many fail, but no barrier to success or
position is created by law. Industrial condi
tions may be affected by unwise laws, and
when this is demonstrated we attempt to
change them through the opportunity which
every man has to register his vote at the polls.
But though some men succeed and many fail,
this is the lot of life, and no candidate for the
Presidency has ever dared before to use thu
fact to arouse men against men and to kindle
the fires of social discontent and disorder.
Proud as we have been of America's mate
terial prosperity, we have been prouder sti'l
of the self-reliant, independent and sensbUe
spirit of her peopla. When foreign critics
have toid us democracy here would some
day prove a failure, that universal suf
frage would lead to anarchy, that class feeling
would be engendered which would result in
riot or in the confiscation of property, we
have laughed and have pointed to the sturdy
Americanism on our iarnva. to the influences
of our public schools, to the respect for law
and order in our cities, to the examples of
se.f-made men in every f mily, to the educat
ing influenses ot our press, to the fullness aDd
broadness of our charities, and more than all,
to tne solid patriotism of our people. I be
lieve that we can still depend upon these.
Bad as the times are, stagnant as industry is,
distressed as many homes are ior lack of em
ployment, the common-sense or the American
people will not be deceived by appeals to pas
sion, but will perceive clearly -what is truth,
namely, tbat the present conditions are largely
caused, not by tbe influences against which
Mr. Bryan in lurid words disclaims, but Dy
fear of the very remedies which he suggests.
When this great sr.adow which he and his
associates have created passes off tne surface
of the financial and industrial world, then
confidence will be restored, money will seek
i:. vestment, factories will be reopened and
employment be secured. There can be no
prosperity without confidence, and Mr. Bry
an's plan shatters confidence and portends
business failures and panic These mean more
men out of employment, more homes without
fcod and clothing, more misery and distress.
A.I of Mr. Bryan's speeches, pleas and argu
ments for silver are based on the assumption
thai the free coinage of silver by the United
States a one >'ovid estab.isa and maintain bi
metallism—the parity of gold and silver at the
exchangeable raiio of 16 to 1. If that assump
tion is incorrect or ill founded each of his ar
guments falls to the ground, and every one of
his predictions loses its force. Not o:.e word
has he uttered in advocacy of a silver stand
ard ; not one word does he dare in behalf of a
silver standard.
Hf will declaim by the boar against the
erils of gold monometallism. and nearly every
thing he says on that sjbjec; is equally appli
cable to «ilver monometallism al.-o. Bimetal
lism is a genuine Democrat c dec trine, but
bimetallism can never be attained by the men
who dominated the Chicago convention or by
the method implied in the Chicago platform.
There is reason to donbt whether the forces
wh.ch controlled that convention even de
sired to accomplish bimetallism. The word
bimetallism does not appear in the platform.
The convention by an overwhelming vote re
jected a proposition pledging the Government
to maintain the parity of the two metals. The
disposition of the convention, as dictated by
its expressions and its actions, was toward
silver monometallism or irredeemable fiat
money. As well might the ark of the covenant
have Deen entrusted to tee Philistines as to
entrust the cause of bimetallism to the revo
lutionary people behind Bryan.
It is not a difficult task to show that under
present conditions free cotnsge of silver by
the United States alone would result in silver
monometallism. Foolish experiments In that
direction have already caused the loss of a
great part 01 our eoid from circulation. Part
of it has gone abroad, withdrawn from invest
' n— fa»..«^— . r... tjM. .' ..- ]
PRICE FIVE CEXTS
TAKES MAY
BE RAISED.
Equalizers Will Attack San
Francisco County
Assessments.
IGNORED BY THE BOARD
OF SUPERVISORS.
None Appear to Show Cause
Why There Should Be
No Increase.
TBOTJBLE IH PROSPECT FOR
ALAMEDA.
Assessor Dalton's Explanation Not
Satisfactory — Beamer Expresses
an Opinion.
Sacramento, Cal., sept. 2.— From
all appearances the Board of Supervisors
intend to totally ignore the existence ol
the State Board of Equalization in as fax
as coming before that body to explain
why in proportion to taxable wealth City
property is assessed at a lower basis thaa
is that of agricultural counties of the
State. On the original date set by the
board for hearing the arguments if the
representatives of San Francisco County
the equalizer* received a petition asking
for further lime, and in granting this they
did so with the expectation of a battle
royal. In consequence they have been
laying in a supply of ammunition. But
to-day San Francisco failed to put in an
appearance and all the gathered data wag
as naught.
Perhaps the reception accorded Assessor
Daiton of Alameda County last weelc
dampened the ardor of the San Francisco
Board of Supervisors; at all events the
equalizers met an Arctic irost instead of a
torrid heat.
San Francisco and Alameda counties are
not assessed for more than 50 per cent of
their true values, declare Equalizers More
house and Beamer. There are entire aia
.tricts within the Bay City which are not
assessed for anywhere near the face value
of the mortgages they carry, and capital is
not so easily misled that it will advance
itself for anything like the true monetary
valuation of property. Speaking more
fully on the subject Equalizer Beamer
said:
"The agricultural counties of this Stata
are assessed much higher in proportion
to their real vaiue than are the counties
of San Francisco and Alameda. Tha
assessment of Henry P. Daiton in Ala
meda County is at least 20 per cent below
the figures furnished from forty agricul
tural counties.
"All property in Alameda County is as
sessed low in proportion to its real yalue,
excepting some farming property in sec
tion ? where the land is not valuable and
productive. We have abundant evidence
to prove this. Property-owners in differ
ent counties have voluntarily come before
the State Board cf Equalization and testi
fied tbat they could not pay the tax s on
their farming property were it noi that
they owned property in Alameda County.
I am confident that Mr. Daiton knows he
has not assessed Alameda County at its
value. His assessment is unquestionably
popular with the mass of property-owners
in his county, because of it they avoid the
payment of their share of State taxes. In
about nine cases out of ten Mr. Daiton has
cat down the value of improvements and
I cannot see why this should have beea
done, except to popularize Mr. Daiton
witn those by means of whose votes he
expects to be retained in office.
"I am informed tf.at prior to his elec
tion Mr. Daiton promised the taxpayers
that if elected he would reduce their taxes
25 per cent. He made his campaign in a
buggy placarded with this announcement
and as far as he could do it he has kept
his promise. But that promise was kept
at the expense of every taxpayer of this
State outside of Alameda County and Mr.
Daiton's assessment should not be allowed
to stand. I have annually examined the
asaessment-roli of Aiameda County for
several years and have always thought it
was low, and yet Mr. Daiton makes a cut
on valuable improvements that cannot be
characterized in any other terms than as
ridiculous."
It is claimed, however, that Equalizer
Chesebrough, whom property interests aJI
lie in San Francisco, does not fully accord
with bis associates. But the outlook is
that the assessment of Aiameda and San
Francisco counties will be accorded a hori
zontal raise teat will piace them on an
- quality, in proportion to their taxable
properties, with other agricultural coun
ties of the State, as the equalizers view
the situation.
El Hot -do Republicans.
PLACERYILLE, Cai.. Sept. 2.— The
Republicans of Granite Hill, Coioma and
Lotus nave organized a McKinley club
with a creditable roll of membership. The
president is A. F. Anabie; vice-president,
M. J. Alhofff ; secretary, A. Easmussen.
The Republicans of El Dorado County
have called a county convention for Sep
tember 12, to elect a new central commit
tee and nominate candidates for Super
visors. County Jud»e, Assemblyman and
joint Senator. The Placerviile McKinley
Club is steadily growing and has 100 mem
ben.
«
Lake laho^a Mail Strxic:
LAKE TAHOE. Cal., Sept. 2.— United
States Postal Inspector Thrall was sent to
tbe lake yesterday to examine into a num
ber of complaints maiie by San Francisco
people against tie mail service on the
steamer Tahoe. Tnrali says it could not
be in better condition, and entirely exon
erates Frank Oiiver, the mailcl.rk. saying
that he can find no foundation for the ac-.
coaations asLauasi h ' m -2
WANDERING WILL'S
WEARISOME WILES
He Practices Them on Un
suspecting Citizens of
Ohio.
TOOTS HIS SILVER HORN
Addresses Delivered in the
Buckeye State by the
Boy Orator.
SLIGHT ACCIDENT AT KENTON.
The Democratic Nominee Met by
Large Crowds at Every Stop
ping-Place.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Sept. 2.— When the
train bearing Mr. Bryan arrived at Spring
field the crush from the steps of the car to
the platform was simply terrible, 20,000
people being present. Mr. Bryan spoke
as follows:
Ladies and gentlemen— For a few moments
only 1 shall occupy your attention, because a
lßrge portion of my voice has been left along
tae line of travel, where it is still calling sin
ners to repentance. I am told that in this
city you manufacture more agricultural Imple
ments than are manufactured in any other
tity of the country.
lam glad to talk to you, who recognize that
the dollars which you received are earned by
those who convert the natural resources of
this country into money, those who till the
Boil, for from its fertility springs this Nation's
primary greatness. Upon the prosperity of the
great producers of wealth, whom we call the
masses, as distinguished from the classes, de
pends all the prosperity of this city.
If you have a gold standard you legislate
the value of money up and you legislate the
value oi property down.
The very legislation that increases the pur
chasing power of n dollar simply enables that
dollar to buy more of other things. How can
a dollar be made to buy more of other things?
By making more wheat sell lor a dollar, more
corn for a dollar, mo-e oats sell for a dollar,
more potatoes sell for a dollar, more of the
product of toil exchanging for a given amount
of money. It is a good thing for the man who
owns money and buys property, but it is a
mighty bad thing for the man who has to pay
money with tae property that he produces.
[Applause.]
How does the gold standard affect you? You
make your implements and sell them to the
farmer. Suppose the farmer finds his taxes
don't go down, but the price of all that he
bells goes down. What does it mean? It
means that he has less and less money to
t spend on agricultural implements and the
■Qpport of his family. [Cheers.] If you sell
his agricultural implements he promises to
■pay you and the legislation destroys his ability
to pay, then you Hud fault because you have
to take your implements back and sell them
second hand to somebody else.
Reaching Urbana at 11 o'clock Mr.
Bryan found there an enttiusiastic audi
ence, which nocked around the rear plat
form of the candidate's car fend cheered*
Joudly. tie was presented as the next
President of the United States, and in re
tponse said that whether or not this pre
diction would prove true would depend to
a creat extent on what tne people about
the car would do this fall. Mrs. Bryan
was also introduced to the gathering and
•was given three cbeer3 as the train drew
out.
A large number of men, women, boys
and girls, bearing slips of yeilow paper
containing the inscription, "McKinley
Club," were in the crowd of several hun
dred gathered at .Belie Fontaine. Al
tnouph the Bryant contingent, in the dis
tance seemed to be in the minority, it
had plenty of enthusiasm and succeeded
in making a great noise. Mr. Bryan re
ferred to the color of the badges in his
Epeecb.
Farmers from the surrounding country
lcept coming into Kenton all the morning
to attend the reception given there to W.
J. Bryan, and when ne arrived the demon
stration was most enthusiastic.
Mr. Bryati made a vigorous speech at
the courthouse square that won irequent
applause. While it was in progress part of
the speakers' stand gave way with a crash,
carrying a score of people with it. No
body was hurt, but the wildest excitement
reigned for a few minutes. Mrs. Bryan
barely managed to save herself irom being
precipitated into the hole through whicu
tnose near her fell.
A special coach, charisred by the Toledo
reception committee, was attached to the
train on which Mr. Bryan left Kenton.
Mr. Bryan was given a nattering reception
in point of the number of people who as
sembled to hear him speak at Findlay.
If the crowd was not so enthusiastic as
at other places there were plenty who did
honor to the full extent of their lungs.
Fully 8000 people were present.
After leaving Findlay stops were made
by trie Bryan train at Walker and Cynet,
where there were small crowds but much
enthus-iasm. Mr. Bryan made brief re
marks at both places.
At Bowling Green a stand had been
erected a hundred feet from the railway
tracks and about it 2000 people were closely
packed. They cheered the candidate when
lie appeared and listened attentively to a
brief speech.
The Ladies' Silver Club, composed of
young women attired in white frocks and
wearing silvered caps, was a feature of the
reception there, and a brass band had also
been retained to meet the candidate. Miss
Carrie Layman, a member of the Ladies'
Silver Club, presented Mr. Bryan with a
bouqet of flowers and made a little ad
dress.
"These flower?," she said, "were gath
ered from the richest agricultural soil in
this great State, where the people, and
especially t lie farmer, notwithstanding
their splendid soil, are in great financial
distress."
Another vast audience, unprecedented
in political campaigns, beard William J.
Bryan deliver a speech in High School
Square, here to-night. The concourse at
Columbus last night was the largest Mr.
Bryan ever addressed.
DEMOCRATIC COMMITTERMEN.
Chairman Jones Sanies the Executive,
• Campaign and Advisory Member:
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 2. —Chairman
Jones of the Democratic National Com
mittee sprung a surprise late this after
noon by announcing the appointment of
members of the executive, campaign and
advisory committees. These appoint
ments nave been pending for some time,
and it was thought they would not be an
nounced until after Saturday's conference
with Mr. -Bryan and rneniDers of the Na
tional Committee.
The committee as announced is as fol
lows: Executive— James J. Jones, chair
man ; Thomas 0. Towles, secretary;
Henry D. Clayton, Alabama; Thomas C.
Mcßae. Prescott, Ark. ; J. J. Dwyer, San
Francisco; Adair Wilson, Durango, Colo.;
Richard R. Kenney, Dover, Del.; Samuel
Pasco, Monticello, Fla.; George Ainslie
Boise City, Idaho; John C. Shanklin
Evansville, Ind. ; C. A. Walsh, Oitumwa
Iowa; h. W-oodson, Owensboro, Ky.; N.
C. Blanchard, tinr-vepo'-t, La. ; Arthur P.
Gorman, Laurel, Md. ; D. J. Campau, De
troit, Mich. ; William J. Stone, Jefferson
City, Mo.; W.H.Thompson, Grand Isl
ana, Nebraska; James Smith, Newark, N.
J.; Josephus Daniels, Raleigh, N. C. ;
William C. Lesitkon, Graf ton, N. D. ; B.
R. Tillman, Trenton, 8. C. ; James M.
Heid, Nashville, Term. ; Peter J. Otey,
Lynchbure, Va. ; E. C. Wall, Milwaukee,
Wis. ; Marcus A. Smith, Pncenix, Ariz.;
Lawrence Gardner, Washington, D. C. ;
Thomas Marcum, Muskogee, I. T.
Campaign— Daniel J. Campau, Michi
gan, chairman ; John R. McL*>an, Cincin
nati; William J. Stone, Jefferson City,
Mo.; Clark Bowell Jr., Atlanta, Ga. ; J. G.
Johnson, Peabody. Kans. ; Thomas Gaban,
Chicago; William A. Clark, Helena,
Mont.; Jomes Kerr, Cleartield, Pa.;
Frank Bosford, Michigan, secretary.
Messrs. Clark and Kerr are the additions
made to tßis committee to-day and there
is still one vacancy to be filled. Whether
this is left for Senator Teller of Colorado,
as hinted yesterday, is a matter of con
jecture.
FORMULATING RESOLUTIONS.
Preparing the Planks for the Sound-
Money Platform.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sept. 2.— The
committee on resolutions met at the Grand
Hotel shortly before 5 o'clock and organ
ized by selecting Senator Vilas of Wiscon
sin chairman and Albert Watkins of Ne
braska secretary. It was deemed best to
leave the actual construction of the plat
form to a sub-committee, ana after an
hour of discussion the following were
selected to do this work : Hon. W. F.
Vilas (chairman), C. V. Holman of Maine,
C. P. Lewis of New Jersey, Hon. Virgil P.
Kline of Ohio. Comptroller of the Cur
rency James H. Eckels of Illinois, Ed
mund Cooper of Tennessee, Thomas G.
Jones of Alabama, John P. Irish of Cali
fornia, Henry W. Lamb of Massachusetts
and Albert Watkina of Nebraska.
The informal discussion of the members
disclosed the fact that the great majority
of the committee was of one mind on the
leading propositions to De submitted. It
is understood that there will be no refer
ence to bimetallism, but that the money
plank will declare unequivocally for the
existing single gold standard. Alone this
line the plank submitted by C. E. S, Wood
of Oregon, heretofore given in these dis
patches, appears to have met with een
eral approval, for its reading was greeted
with applause. While it is probabie that
the declaration will be put in a different
dress the ideas advanced will likely form
the basis of the financial plank. That pro
posed plank is as follows :
We favor the use of gold and silver as
money, but insist upon the maintenance of
our present gold standard and that silver
should only be used so far he it safely may be
and consistently with the firm maintenance
of such gold standard.
We oppose all iorms of flat money and con
sider its retirement from circulation as rec
ommended by the present administration in
dispensible to a stable currency and to the
maintenance of the gold standard.
The retirement of the greenback has
many strone advocates, among them Virgil
Kline of Ohio and Perry Belmont of New
York.
Equitable and just pension laws will be
indorsed.
The tariff plank will be along the usual
lines. A vigorous opposition will De ex
pressed to all forms of fraudulent and mis
guided paternalism.
The Chicago platform will be arraigned,
notably on account of its "attacks on the
Supreme Court" and its "upholding of
anarchy by denying the right of the use
of Federal troops in a State to suppress
the violations of the United States law in
those States."
Among tho propositions offered and
read lor the information of the committee
was one by C. Vey Uoiman of Maine re
garding the merchant marine. It was,
he said, radically different from the plank
pressed upon the committees of the St.
Louis and Chicago conventions — and
adopted by the latter — by the representa
tive* of the American Shipping League, of
which Arthur Sewall is president. It reads
as follows:
We demand that henceforth modern and
liberal policies toward American shipping
'shall take the place of our imitation of the re
strictive statute* ot the eighteenth century,
long ago abandoned by every other maritime
power but the United Slates. To this end we
lavor the repeal of those navigation laws
which, to the Nation's humiliation, have
driven American capital and enterprise to the
use of alien flags and alien crews, have made
the Stars and Stripes an almost unknown em
blem in foreign ports, and have virtually ex
tinguished the race of American seamen.
We oppose me pretense that discriminating
duties will cromote shipping: that scheme is
an Invitation to commercial warfare upon the
United States, un-American in the light of our
great commercial treaties, offering no gain
whatever to American shipping while greatly
increasing ocean freights on our agricultural
and manufacturing products.
The sub-commiitee to-night becan tne
work of drafting a platform, a task which
Senator Vilas said should be well and
thoroughly performed, regardiess of the
time required to do it. The sub-committee
reviewed the propositions before them
and decided that more satisfactory
proeress could be made by a further sub
division of labor, so the general divisions
of the platform were assigned to the fol
lowing named members for preparation:
Preamble and general declarations, Kline.
Curtis and Jones; financial plank. Vilas
and Eckels: tariff and economic subjects
Irish, Watkins and Holman; civil service'
Lamb.
FERMONTS GREAT VICTORY.
Increased Republican Majority in the
4 Sew Jsngland State.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt., Sept.
2.— Returns from 325 cities and towns in
the State give Grout (R.) for Governor
52.565; Jackson (D.) 14.627; Battelle (Pop.)
616; Whittemore (Prohib.) 511. Grout's
plurality, 37,938; majority, 36,811. In 1892
the same towns and cities gave Fuller ( R )
38,239; Smalley (D.) 18,903; ail others 1721.
Fuller's plurality, 19,336; majority, 17,615.
JAPAN AGAIN CONVULSED,
An Earthquake Destroys One
Town and Badly Damages
Others.
Many Persons Reported Xi led and
Injured— A Typhoon in the
Southern Prov noes.
YOKOHAMA, Japan, Sept. 2.— Reports
have been received here to the effect that
a severe earthquake caused a great amount
of damage Monday in the northwest
provinces and on the main islands off that
coast.
Particulars are very meager, but it is
known that the town of Rufcago has been
partially destroyed and other villages
severely damaged. Many persons are re
ported to have been killed and injured,
and the property loss is believed to be tre
mendous.
The provinces visited by the earthquake
are the same as those devastated by the
terrible eartnquake and tiual wave of
June 15, when a large number of towns
were wiped out and the estimated loss of
life was 30,000.
The provinces of Rekuzen and RiKnchu,
alone the coast from the island of Kon
kasan northward, are where the principal
sufferers are to-day.
The recollection of the havoc to human
life wrought by the convulsion causes
great anxiety as to what further reports
may show as the result of Monday's earth
quake.
On the same day a typhoon caused ex
tensive damage in Southern Japan.
West Woolwich, Me., is perhaps unique
in not having a dog within the village
limits. 6
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
Interior of Tomlinson Hall, Indianapolis, Indiana, Where the Gold Standard Democracy Is
Holding Its National Convention. Scene as Viewed From the Stage.
GOLDENROD
DEMOCRACY
I Continued from First Page. I
merit in our industries, and part has been
hoarded for the day when it should bring a
high premium. Our Government can get
none except by increasing the National debt
and the burden of taxation. About $100,000,
-000 in gold is in the United States treasury to
support the parity, not alone of the $346,000,
-000 of greet. backs, which was its original
function, but the $625,000,000 of silver cur
rency which has been issued since. That frail
foundation has been trembling since 1890
with the additional weight put upon It. Only
by heroic means has the Government been
able to prop up the immense superstructure.
But even the prospect of unlimited silver coin
age under present conditions would make
that foundation disappear as if jn a quick
sand, and you and I and every man who has
property or wages would find their value
changed from a gold to a silver measure.
This will be the certain result of imposing
such an additional burden upon the Govern
mem, but when with that in view we consider
the disposition of foreign Governments to
strengthen their gold reserves end the sus- J
pension of free silver coinage in India, which |
has heretofore been the world's sink for all its
surplus silver, but it is so no longer, the con
clusion is inevitable that we would be reduced
to a silver basis and to a very cheap silver
basis at that.
One characteristic of political remedies ad
ministered and recommended by quack po
litical doctors is that they are alleged to cure
all diseases. To every man in distress in any
part of the country the demonetization of sil
ver is pointed out as the cause of his misery,
and the remonetization of silver as his remedy.
By reason of perfectly simple causes the
prices of wheat and corn and other agri
cultural products have declined, but this de
cline is attributed by these political quacVs to
the demonetization of silver, and the farmer,
along with every other man who finds it hard
to make both ends meet, is told that by re
monetizing silver wheat will go to a dollar a
bushel and other farm products will rise pro
portionately.
If this were true, rising prices would affect
the commodities which a farmer buys, the
interest he pays on his debts, the freight rates
which determine the cost of getting his pro
ducts to market, and he would be relatively
no better off than before. To expect the
farmer to accept so great a delusion is to pre
sume upon his intelligence. Ask the farmers
of my State why they are giving up the pro
duction of wheat and corn, and they will tell
you it is because of the depreciation of 6ilver.
They will point to these great Western prairies
and tell you they cannot compete with these
in the growth of the staple cereals. And they
have taken to raising other crops which are
more profitable and less competitive. The
same tendency 13 the ense throughout the
agricultural world. Not only have thousands
of acres of Western lands in America been
thrown open to cultivation within recent
years, but in Russia, India and the Argentine
Republics, railroads and enterprises have
brought large additions of acreage under cul
tivation and poured millions of additional
bushels upon the markets of the world.
The same cheapening in the cost of boots
and shoes, of hats and coats and other cloth-
Ing which has followed excessive production
in the manufacture of these articles, has been
manifest in the excessive production of agri
cultural products. It is the old familiar law
of supply and demand. In my State of New
York hay is selling at $15 per ton ; last year it
was $10. Do our 6ilver friends attribute that
to the demonetization of silver? They ought
to if they wish to be consistent. Silver dollars
In the pockets of the nine-owners are of no
benefit to the Western farmer. What they
want is prosperous conditions which will put
silver dollars in their own pockets— dollars
which when they are taken out will buy just as
much as gold dollars.
Against such threatened calamities we have
met as Democrats, as patriots, to protest. Our
purpose is too serious to permit differences on
minor matters or personal jealousies to divide
our councils or weaken our Influence.
We have come here as Democrats to exert
such influences as we may have among Demo
crats for the good of our country and the pres
ervation of our party organization for other
periods of usefulness. Renouncing as un-Dem
ocratic the work of the party organizational
Chicago let us be true to every Democratic in
stinct at Indianapolis. Let no man say that in
this convention any falso note of Democracy
was sounded. We stand for all that should in
spire good citizenship, for honest money, en
forcement of law and order, respect for author
ity, the preservation of the National credit,
the just paymeut of debts, tLe dignity and
welfare of labor, the prosperity and fair name
of America. United in such a cause we can go
forward with the American flag as our banner
and the words "National Democrats" inscribed
on its folds. We know no sectional Issue or in
terest. We stand behind the broad shield of
patriotism, and in that sign we shall conquer.
The speech was very warmly received.
The States were tnen called for the selec
tion of members of the various committees
and at 2:10 p. M. the convention tooc a
recess until 4 p. m. During the interim the
committee on permanent organization
carried out the programme of the National
committee by selecting Senator Caffery of
Louisiana for permanent chairman. John
K. Wilson of Indiana, the temporary sec
retary, and the remainder of the tempo
rary organization were chosen for perma
nent officers.
The convention reassembled at 4:30 with
a very large attendance. Tha report of
the committee on credentials stated that
there were 824 delegates d resent, repre
senting forty-one States and three Terri
tories, and recommending that those pres
ent he entitled to cast the f nil votes of
their States and Territories. The report
was agreed to without question.
Dr. Everett of Massachusetts was intro
duced to fill up with a speech the time
until the report on permanent organiza
tion should be ready. He addressed the
convention as feliow-patriots, and said
Massachusetts had sent her delegation,
nearly sixty strong, to aid in repelling the
invasion which had risen against the
ancient honor and credit of the whole
country. [Cheers.] Massachusetts was
for gold. [Choers.] Talk about an inter
national agreement for bimetallism ! Why
had we not now all the nations of the
world whose name was worth anything
for the gold standard? [Applause.]
Massachusetts, he continued, is here
against all class distinctions. [Cheers.]
Massachusetts Democracy knows no dis
tinction between North and South, be
tween East and West [applause], and,
above all, the Democracy of our State will
not stand any insult against that man
who has protected the credit and honor of
America. We stand to-night with Presi
dent Cleveland.
Here the convention rose to a man, and
there was a scene of great enthusiasm.
Delegates cheered and shouted, and waved
hats, fans, handkerchiefs andnags.and the
spectators in the galleries took part in the
demonstration.
When Dr. Everett was able to make him
self heard again, he said : We of Massa
chusetts are not here to act for any special
candidates. Gentlemen from the South
and West, gentlemen from the Pacific and
center, give us any two men, any men
the country knows and honors for
distinction, for purity, for worth in public
or private life, North or South, civilians
or soluieis, and Massachusetts will do all
that she can for their support. [Prolonged
applause.]
"We are told that we might do as well
by casting our votes for the candidates
nominated at St. Louis. I mean the first
St. Louis convention, not the second.
[Laughter.] We are told that for sound
money's sake we have nothing to do but
to go over to that camp. Mr. President, I
respectfully decline to admit that all rjub
lic virtue is centered in the Republican
party. [Applause.] If it were only for
this year, if it were only for this campaiern,
I might think differently of what we are
to do. But we are not here only for this
campaign. We are here for 1900, we are
here for the future. There are hundreds
and thousands of young men growing up
and asking for whom they are to vote and
who know nothing of the traditions of
party. They want to know to what party to
join themselves, to know which is the
progressive party, the party of the day
and hour, and I say this convention is to
be not the last, but the first of a series of
conventions. [Loud applause.]
"This is to be the first convention of the
party of young America. [Cheers.] We
are fighting not merely for the honor and
historic principles of our party; not merely
against anarchism and populism; not
merely against protection and paternal
ism, but we are fighting that the United
States may stand in tne face of her sister
nations, undimmed in honor and un
shaken in courage."
Dr. Everett resumed bis seat amid loud
and long continued applause.
The report of the committee on perma
nent orgnnization was then presented by
{ the chairman of the committee, James W.
I Eaton of New \'ork. Senator Caffery was
I escorted to the chair by Mr. Bullitt of
Pennsylvania and Mr. Lawler of Minne
sota, and spoke as follows:
I tender this convention my deepest thanks
for the nonor conferred by selecting me to
I preside over us deliberations. I shall always
j regard it &s the highest ev«r conferred
upon me.
Charged by our party with the function of
ministering in its temple of faith and teaching
the people its true doctrines, our priests have
desecrated its altars, broken its shrines and
taught false doctrines to tho people. We now
enter the sanctuary of the temple and take
possession of the ark of the covenant of our
faith, which we will hereafter vigilantly
j guard, protect and defend. We will purify its
i desecrated altars and rebuild its broken
shrines. And, lest the hearts of the people be
stolen away from true Democratic faith, the
faith of our fathers and founders, we must
separate from our brethren who have wrought j
this evil, and from those who have followed
their evil teaching. "We cannot follow them
in the road they have taken; for their feet are
swift to destruction and their way is the way
of death.
The ties that bound us were as strong as
hooks of steel, but we part from them, though
in sorrow. Loyalty to party discipline and
to organization has ever been the pride and
strength of our party. Loyalty to principle
has ever been and ever will be its cardinal and
leading tenet, paramount to all others, bind
ing in conscience and guiding the action of
every true Democrat.
The Chicago platform has the stamp of our
party and claims its allegiance, but it is a mere
simulacrum, a form without the substance of
Democracy, and no Democrat is bound by it,
nor is it entitled to his fealty. The declara
tions of that platform are "open, palpable and
flagrant" departures from all that Democracy
has stood for. They assail the money standard
of the country and declare for the inflated and
depreciated standard of silver at 16 to 1.
They assail the right and power of the
executive to enforce the law and to
protect property undor the control and in
the custody of the Federal courts in any
state in the Union; they attack the integrity
of a co-ordinate branch of the Government;
they declare that the function of issuing paper
money is to be exclusively exercised by the
Government itself; they assuil the right of the
citizen to contract payment in any legitimate
commodity, for they declare that the obliga
tions of the Government for vhieh gold was
received, and for the payment of which in the
same coin the National faith is pledged, may
be paid in depreciated coin. And we declare
each and all of these attacKs aud declarations
are un- Democratic. They are an assault upon
the constitution, the time-honored principles
of the Democratic narty and the distinguished
patriot and statesman who has twice led it to
the only victories it has achieved in thirty-six
years.
It is the Ismael of platforms. It raises its
baud against »ome of the principles of both
parties and nearly all the principles of the
Democratic party. It is begotten of the un
hallowed union between so-called Democracy.
Populism and anarchy, snd that the Scriptures
may be fulfilled "it will be a fugitive aud a
wanderer on the face of the earth."
We hold that no argument is needed to show
the revolutionary and anarchistic character
of the doctrine that the laws can be en
forced in a State to protect property which is
in the jurisdiction of Federal courts, or to
protect the United Btates mails, or that the
Supreme Court ought to be reorganized, or
that the National honor should be stained, or
the National faith violated, or that the free
dom of private contract ought to be limited,
or that the function of issuing paper money
ought to be exclusively exercised by the Fed
eral Government. We hold that the theory of
free coinage of silver witn gold at the ratio of
16 to 1 admits of argument, but we hold that
the weight ot authority, the strength of reason
ing and the facts of history all point to its
fallacy and the ruinous consequences of its
adoption. We hold that it will rob the
poor man of his wage and the rich
man of his wealth, the widow of
her savings, the child of his patrimony, the
soldier of his pension, the Industrious of the
fruits ol his toil and the inventor of the re
ward of his genius. We hold that it will de
moralize and seriously disturb the immense
trade and commerce of the republic and drive
the country to a discredited, depreciated and
depreciating standard; smite our finances as
with palsy and trade with a blight. We hold
that the Nation's credit will fall prostrate; its
obligations will be dishonored and its unsul
lied character will be stained with fraud and
deficit. We claim that these averments are
true, established by historical fact, by unan
swerable reason, the opinions of the most dis
tinguished political economists and the com
mon-sense and common honesty of the largest
portion of our fellow-citizens.
The credulity and cupidity of some of our
good citizens have been played upon and
aroused by artful fantasies and cunning dema
gogues. There are, however, many honest,
patriotic and intelligent men who cling with
all the strength of conviction to the spacious
but unsound theory of bimetallism at 16 to 1.
If their theory is denounced as false and per
nicious no imputation is cast upon their char
acter nor any slur upon their intedigenne.
The free coinage of silver is, and has been
since Mr. Cleveland's inauguration, the su
preme overshadowing issue before the coun
try. Upon that issue the President and a ma
jority of his party took opposite sides. In con
sequence he has been powerless to effect finan
cial reform and secure immunity from gold
raiding on the treasury.
Since the inception of the struggle for free
silver no compromise has been possible. Our
brethren knew that the battle was on to the
death. The nominee of the so-called Demo
cratic party has on several occasions pro
claimed the irreconcilable nature of the con
flict. It is a fitting culmination for our
brethren to obtain allies from Populism at the
price of incorporating its nefarious doctrines
in their platform and attempting to pats them
off as genuine Democracy. It was fit that to a
degraded and depreciated currency should be
added an assassinated judiciary and a power
less executive.
Fellow-citizens, we are not traitors to our
party. We are in the house of our fathers. We
cannot be driven from it. We will defend the
honor of our country and the integrity of our
principles as long as life endures. We can
neither be ousted from our political heritage
nor forced into the ranks of our old-time ad
versary. We intend to preserve intact, unim
paired and unsullied, by and through the or
ganization which we perfect to-day, the De
mocracy of Jefferson, Jackson, Benton and
Cleveland. We propose to furnish a refuge
and an abiding place for such of our brethren
as, shocked aud grieved at the betrayal of our
principles at Chicago, are inclined to go to the
Republican camp.
The principles of Democracy are imperish
able. They are antagonistic to the paternal
ism of the Reuublican and the Socialist, the
destructiveness of the anarchist and the
vagaries of the inflationist repudiator. Byron
wrote: "While the Coliseum stands Rome
shall stand, and while Rome stands, the
world." We say: 'While Democracy stands
the Republic shall 6tand. and while the Re
public stands, human liberty." For a season
our party may stray after false doctrines and
flounder amid quagmires until the beacon
light of truth breaks upon it. It will rise from
every fall like Antaeus of old, and "E'en in
its ashes shall live its wonted fires."
If it is fated that our party must perish let
no historian write such an epitaph on its
tomb as this: "Came to an untimely end from
swallowing political and financial poison,"
but rather let this epitaph be written over its
honored grave, dug amid the ruins of the
Capitol: '-Itdid not survive the loss of liberty,
the destruction of the Republic and the de
cay of private morals."
W€ are the propaganda of no new creed, we
are the upholders of the old. We appeal from
Democracy, drunk with delusion, to Democ
racy, sobered by reason. With an aDidlng
faith in the intelligence and honesty of our
people, we lay before them and the world the
reason that prompts us to unfurl the old flag
that has floated over many a triumph and
many a defeat and never yet been soiled by
repudiation or stained by dishonor. We deem
it wise to pursue an aggressive rather than a
negative jolicy; to be Achilles dragging Hec
tor around the walls of Troy, rather than
Achilles sulking in his tent. We propose to
make a funeral pyre of the cadavers of Popu
ulisni and anarchy. We propose to drag be
hind our triumphal chariot wheels, in defeat
and disgrace, around the National Capitol, the
dead Frankenstein personifying their perni
cious creed and their turbulent fanaticism.
We cannot make bedfellows, even in a night
of furious storm and thick darkness, of our
lifelong antagonists. We cannot, even toes
cape as great evils as are the necessary result
of the success of the Chicago platform, be the
executioners of our loved and venerated
party. We cannot, even by implication, be
held to the false theory that the Federal power
and treasury can or ought to be used to impair
the autonomy of the States, on one hand, and,
on the other, to dispense largess to favored
classes. The election of McKinley, or of Bryan,
with our support, would mean the destruction
of our whole party for a generation, for when
our people recover from the debauch of Popu
lism and anarchy, they will discard the men
who have led their orgy. II we go to McKinley
those men will be the recognised exponents of
Democracy. Whon the fumes of the debauch
are dissipated, and sober reason resumes her
sway, our flock would turn toward its fold,
only to find it destroyed. We. therefore, stand
fast.
We sound a bugle-call throughout the limd
for all Democrats to rally for the support of
government and law, for the honor of their
0 mntry and for the maintenance and pre
servation of their creed, its memories and its
glories. If not heeded now, it will be in the
near future, and then those clouds which low
ered over our political fortunes and darkened
our councils will take flight; those eyes which
lately met in party conflict will be turned all
one way and a united aud triumphant Democ
racy will march on to victory under the tegis
of the constitutiou and under the precepts of
the apostles of our faith.
Senator Caffery's remarks were deliv
ered with much force and were greeted
with continued cheering.
When he had closed, John P. Irish of
California was introduced and made a
speech to the convention. Alluding to
the D mocratic convention held in In
dianapolis during the war, under threat,
he said, of physical extermination, he re
marKed that they were here to-day under
the threat oi extermination of that which
was dearer than life. They were here to
defend agaiust further attack the public
credit, the National honor, and the pri
vate and personal honesty of the individ
ual. [Applause.] They were met to face
a crisis more serious than any crisis that
liad been faced before. Tney were met to
oppose ibe moral force of principle and
conscience to those who would assail and
destroy the independence of the individ
ual citizen.
They were here as the representatives of
a party that opposed an organization that
had tilched its name and debauched its
principles. They represented that organ
ization and those principles which, under
the leadership of Grover Cleveland, were
in line with the ancient principles of
human liberty. [Applause.] They were
here to swear, with Jackson, "By the
Eternal" that the marrow and stre: gth
of the Democratic party should not be
obscured or belittled by Populism, [Ap
plause.] He did not care whether it was
attempted by the Populist convention at
Chicago or the Populist convention at St.
Louis. The two conventions of the year,
alike in purpose, alike in declaration, alike
in the folly of their principles and the
cunteiDDtibilities of their vagaries. [Ap
plause.] These were in fact the two twin
conventions of the year — and not "the
heavenly twins" either. [Laughter.]
''We are here," Mr. Irisn continued, "to
denounce right and left the enemies tnat
we have gained since 1884. We are here to
denounce on the right hand the Republi
can party, for by the extravagance of its
Congressional appropriations it has so
enlarged the deficiency of revenue as to
form an excuse for a renewal of the per
nicious paternal policy of protection. We
are here to denounceand antagonizeon the
left hand the Populists of Chicago and St.
Louis, for they by their threats involving
tue free coinage of silver and a slump to a
financial foundation, maue up of a depre
ciated and fluctuating currency, nave so
destroyed public confidence as to paralyze
the activities of the people of this Republic
and limited trade to such an extent that
the present impost laws passed by Con
gress do not produce the revenues they
would if confidence and prosperity were
abroad in the land.
"VVe arraign thesj two enemies of the
plain people of the Republic as co-con
spirators in a complementary and recipro
cating policy, which has produced the
conditions about which both hypocriti
cally raise whining voices of complaint
and accusation. [Laughter and cheers.]
The candidate of one combination stand
ing for an advance of price by that artifice
called protection, the other, conspirators
represented by a candidate for the Presi
dency who is preaching to the people the
gospel of high prices to be secured by re
ducing the purchasing power of our
money — each policy meaning burdens
upon the industry of the laborer, upon
the profits of enterprises and upon the
avails of investments. [Renewed cheers.]
We stand were Jefferson stood, whera
Cleveland stands, and say to these daugh
ters of the horseleech, 'A plague upon
you botn.' [Cheers and iaughter.]
Mr. Irish spoke of part of Bryan's stock
in trade being a denunciation of trusts,
ana went on to characterize Mr. Bryan as
"the agent, propagandist and commer
cial traveler of a syndicate greedier than
the cormorant" [cries of "Good" and
cheers]; a syndicate wnich gained mil
lions upon millions from the silver mines
of the West and of Mexico; a syndicate
which siands confessed upon the tongue
of its representative now traveling the
country touting lor custom for it lloud
cheers], and now in the field for the sole
and only purpose of advancing the price
of its Droaucts by making the people be
lieve that will be an advantage to'tuem.
[Applause.]
Mr. Irish, continuing, said he brought
words of good cheer to the convention
from the Pacific Coast to assure them that
after November it would be found that
California and her younger sisters. Oregon
aud Washington, had stood by the faith,
and if they had not finally vanquished one
daughter of the horseleech they had left
her without a sister.
Mr. Irish's speech was received with en
thusiastic applause throughout. As he re
sumed his seat the band played "Rally
Round the Flag," and there was quite an
ovation.
The committee on platform not being
ready to report the convention at 5: 15 r. m.
adjourned until to-morrow at 10 a. m.
Hatterton Hays "Stand Firm.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind,, Sept. 2.-The
following telegram was received this after
noon from Henry Watterson :
Geneva. Switzerland, Sept. 2.
W. B. Jlaldemaii, Indianapolis: Another
ticket our only hope. No compromise
with dishonor. Stand firm.
Henry Watterson.
♦
FOR THIS GOLD STANDARD.
Mats- Meeting of itetnocrals Held in In
diannpolix.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, Sept. 2.— A
mass-meeting called in support of the
sound-money movement was held this
evening in the convention hall. The at
tendance was as large as could be accom
modated in the building. The chairman,
Jobn R. Fellows, made a stronc speecn,
the striking points of which elicited fre
quent applaus-.
Louis R. Erich, one of the Colorado
delegation, was next introduced. He said
he had come to the convention against
the advice and entreaty of many friends,
who had told him that public opinion was
much intiamed m his State. He admitted
tbat it was so. but did not believe that the
State of Colorado had descended to a level
where it would not tolerate and respect
the free expression of honest opinion. He
prefaced his further remarks by a personal
statement, as showing the standpoint from
which he had investigated the question.
He said that he owned large interests in
silver mines, and thai the continued silver
agitation had made his property unsal
able.
He then, at great Jength and with very
pointed personal references to both the
Senators from Nevada, traced the history
of the silver agitation to the development
and decline of the twenty mines on the
Comsfock lode, which, after paying at one
time over .1147,000,000 in dividends, Had so
fallen away that they paid not one cent.
He cliarged that the silver child was born
in the Comstock bed. Thereafter began
the silver legislation of Congress. He fol
lowed this in detail, speaking of it as sil
ver poison which had besrun to underrrine
our monetary system, and the cure offered
was poison in larger doses. The silver
poison, he said, had affected our business
relations externally a3 well as internally.
The nations look upon us with suspicion.
Our .securities are thrown back on us and
our drained from tlie country. Our
foreign trade is diminishing. The world
hesitates to do business with a nation
which threatens to depreciate its money
standard. He concluded as follows :
"I have no fears as to the result of this
election. Its outcome will teach the on
looking nations tnat the crown of over
one hundred years of political life under
republican institutions shall not be the
national impairment of debt obligations,
and it will be heid up as a warning to our
children and our children's children that
a public policy that is tainted with but a
breath of dishonesty will be indignantly
spurned by rhi 3 pround American people.
'•I have the deepest sympathy with
many of the free-silver adherents. They
are my neighbors. lam bound to them
by my interests, my associations and my
affections. They are honest and sincere
men. They love their country and would
not willingly plunge it into destruction.
But they have been deluded and misled.
'The best friend of truth is time,' and as
time rolls on our misguided feiiow-citizens
will yet be grateful to those who helped
check them in their mad rush to self
destruction ; they will yet thank God for
the defeat which will overwhelm them in
November, aud they will bless us who are
assembled in Indianapolis this day. By
courage and patriotism the influences of
this convention will make that defeat in
evitable."
Hon. David Lawler of Minnesota and
several others made earnest addresses and
the meeting adjourned at a late hour.
NEW NATIONAL COMMITTEE.
Men Who Will Manage the Third-Party
Campaign.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd., Sept. 2.— The
following are the members of the new Na
tional Committee: Alabama, J. A. Faulk
ner; Arkansas, C. B. Moore; California,
E. B. Pond ; Colorado, Louis R. Enrich ;
Connecticut, Joel A. Sperry; Delaware,
John G. Rosselle; Florida, D. G. Ambler;
Georgia, Thomas F. Corrigan; Illinois,
Beu T. Cable; Indiana, John R. Wilson;
lowa, L. M. Martin ; Kansas, Eugene Ha
gan; Kentucky, Zack Phelps; Louisiana,
A. It. Spellman; Maine, C. Vey Hol
man; Maryland, W. Pincltney White;
Massachusetts, Nathan Matthews Jr.;
Michigan, Thomas A.Wilson ; Minnesota,
F. W. McCutcheon; Mississippi, H. A.
Street; Missouri, L. C. Krauthoff;
Nebraska, Euclid Martin; New Hamp
shire, Gordon Woodbury; New Jersey,
William G. Curtis; New York, Charles
Tracey; North Carolina, Louis de la
Croix; North Dakota, H. L. Whitehead;
Ohio, L. P. Linn; Pennsylvania, Seth T.
McCormick; Rhode Island, C. C. Mum
ford; South Dakota, John B. Hanten;
Tennessee. Michael Savaee; Texas, M. L.
Crawford; Vermont, W. H. Creamer;
Virginia, Joseph Bryan; West Virginia,
Randolph Stalnaker; Wisconsin, Ellis B.
Usher; New Mexico. W. B. Cuilders.
In Paris there are over 1000 professional
"fortune tellers."
IL. ■ I VERY mark on your
j<ffT™Bll> I face, eve ry pimple, blotch,
B OT itLJi blood »car and bad-blood
*J~L* v Jf*g ■■ si ? n is an offense 10 your
"^^giOtepr ' H friends and an annoyance
■^^a.l t^m to y° ur self. You can
If (si Xft-^HTI avoid these awful pini-
pj '^SkJ Bm pies by using a sarsapa-
fi ' JsS^^^jS^ rllla which contains no
M jfKfvfj^ lodide of potassium, no
pza/^fr 'Qg^&ir 9 mineral or mercurial
"i -- m* Jl drup. "''' a sarsaparilla
P.aiT-n»a-nrairncif.Mffi. , r^3 is the famous remedy,
Joy's Vegetable Sars»parilla.
' If you are suffering trom chronic constipation or
from a bowel disorder, if you are afflicted with
dyspepsia you should use the remedy that will
clean the stomach and bowels and is not offensive.
If you use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla you will
suffer from no Inconvenience, uneasiness or grip
tug sensations.
DR. GrTJ^ST -a^
HERB PHYSICIAN of the sffZ^mSK
FLOWERY KINGDOM. JHH^^^
HE IS DfOKJSAT EMI- FS«g?llifiwS
nence and learning, |fis£' i - ~SS
having long experience in Er
the Imperial Hospitals of r ,_
China. He lias practiced A — . r^m^ b
his profession in America r» , H
for years and cured on- « ■?_ x V
sands of sic* and afflicted. U *^" ,'
He guarantees a core of all \ «,.^T>- I
diseases of men, women, V J
and children where cure is Al\^. >C
possible. No matter if oth- ' JWw
era have failed to cure you,
try DR. GUY. Everybody - tjjgfiJJ 1^
invited to call. Consul:
tion fbkk. Ofli-es— KEABNV ST., bet.
Washington and Jackson.
Ill's Cream Balagp?l|)
Cleanses the Nasal W^^W^Jjr^l
Passage*, Allays Pain R^HAHIVEr wff
and Inflammation, If 8 £?/&
Kent ores the Senses ofK%^
Taste and Smell. fffiL W &c]\
Heals the Sores. .
Apply Balm Into each nostril iU^l%j|
Kit 8R03.86 Warren it.N.l MKIj^2fS2MFLOWERS IN THE
VETERANS' PITH,
Young America's Tribute
to the Saviors of the
Country.
A BAND TO EVERY POST.
Patriotic Songs by a Living-
Flag Chorus of Two Thou
sand Children.
CHEERS GIVEN FOR M'KINLEY-
Sixteen Thousand Men in the Parade.
The Contest for Commander*
in-Chief.
ST. PATJL, Minn., Bept. 2.— To the
strains of "Rally Round the Flag,"
"Marching Through Georgia," "Hail
Columbia," "The Star-spangled Banner"
and other patriotic music the veterans of
the war, 16,000 strong, made their annual
parade to-day. At sunrise the salute of
the Union of forty-five guns was fired
from Camp Mason and was followed at
9:30 by a National Presidential salute of
twenty-one guns. The various divisions
began to form at 9:30 and the column
moved an hour later. The departments
marched in the order of seniority and in
columns of platoons at half distances in
single and double rank.
There were eight divisions. In the first
■were tne veteran signal corps, depart
ments of Illinois, Wisconsin and Pennsyl
vania; second division — Ohio and New
York; third — Connecticut, Massachusetts,
New Jersey, Maine, California, Rhode
Island, New Hampshire, Vermont, Poto
mac, Virginia and North Carolina; fourth —
Maryland, Nebraska, Michigan, lowa,
Indiana; fifth — Colorado, Wyoming, Kan
sas, Delaware, Missouri, Oregon ; sixth —
Kentucky, West Virginia, .South Dakota,
Washinpton, Alaska, Arkansas, New Mex
ico, Utah and Tennessee. In the seventh
division were the departments of Louisi
ai:a, Mississippi. Florida, Montana, Texas.
Idaho, Arizona, Georgia, Alabama, North
Dakota, Oklahoma and Indian Territory.
The eighth division was composed entirely
of posts of the Minnesota department.
Many old battle-flags were carried in the
line. There was but one carriage, this
being occupied by Department Com
mander Shakespeare of Michigan, whose
disabilities prevented his marching with
his comrades. The route was short, and
over a tine asphalt road. Tbe streets were
packed with spectators, and the veterans
were given a royal reception.
Commander-in-Chief Walker, with his
staff and 1000 distinguished guests', re
viewed the parade irom a stand at Smith
Park.
The "boys" marched to the music of
wartimes — the music to which the Union
soldiers and tne Southern foe went forth in
battle to defeat and victory. They
marched with age-bent heads and proud
tieiiring, striving to keep erect and in mili
tary step and line, conscious of the fact
that death, tueir only enemy now, might
ctairn them before another grand parade.
The route was purposely made less than
two miles long and overaspsalt pavement
all the way, but many old soldiers were
physically unequal to the task, and con
tented themselves with viewing their com
rades along, the line.
The abundance of excellent brass bands
and fife and drum corps mnsic was a fea
ture of the patriotic spectacle. The start
was at Dayton and 'W estern avenues, in
the vicinity of which were thronged 10,000
sightseers in all conceivable places from
which a view of the marching could be ob
tained. The procession swung into Sixth
street, which descends. toward the busi
ness center of the city, affording the tens
of thousands on that thoroughfare a su
perb view of the great column. Every
large vacant space on Sixth street was
filled with tiers of seats for spectators.
Between the street curb and the build
ing was wedged a solid mass of humanity
along the entire route. Above them in
every window, were crowded thousands
more. The reviewing stand, where the
commander-in-chief proudly stood for
three hours receiving the salutes of his
comrades, was bnilt at Smith Park, near
tbe foot of Sixth street, which marked the
eni of the march.
A pretty picture at the starting point
was made by a lot oi little girls, stationed
at the Kittson res-idence, the ladies' head
quarters, scattering flowers upon and in
the path of the veterans as they passed by.
On an immense platform in the rear of the
partly completed Federal building was a
"living-flag" chorus of 2000 public school
children, trained by Professor Congdon
and staff. When the veterans passed by
with flags and banners fluttering in the
breeze, the band music ceased.
From the throats oi the little folk, so ar
ranged in red, white and blue and star
dresses as to form the National flag, came
an anthem of patriotism, including the
old soldiers' favorites, "Marching .through
Georgia," "Star-spancled Banner" and
"My Country 'Tis of Thee."
As the inspiriting vocal music fell on
the war patriot's ears his steps became
more elastic and he cheered his thanks to
the new generation of patriotic Ameri
cans.
In the reviewing stand on either side of
the commander and back of him were
grouped iiis staff and National officers.
All the notabk- members of the affiliated
w.mian's organizations were there. There
was frequent cheering for McKinley all
along the line by veterans and spectators.
A North Dakota veteran shouted, "Hard
wheat, hard money and McKinley."
Louisiana and Mississippi combined,
carrying at "shoulder arms" a sugar-cane
tipped with cotton balls. Every post had
a band, and none of them played badly.
General Mason. U. S. A., president of the
citizens' committee, rode with the last
division, which was composed of 2200 Min
nesota veterans, headed by the Third In
fantry ban i from Port Snelling.
At midnight the commandership fight
seemed to be narrowed down to Clarkson
of Omaha and Linehan of New Hamp
shire. New York, which was the main
stay of Meaue, has gone over to the New
Hampshire comrade, and New England
is solid for him.
Six thousand people attended a camp
fire at the Auditorium to-night. Addresses
were made by Governor Uoham of Wis
consin, General Brooke, U. S. A., Mrs.
John A. Logan and General Alger.
RACING AT SACRAMENTO.
Owyhee, Laurel and Agitato Win Purses lor
Their Owners in Harness
Events.
bACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 2. — The
second day of the State Fair racing meet
t- liowed a marked increase in the atten
dance, with considerable room for still
further improvement. To-morrow the
running horses will have their first inning,
and preparations are being made for a big
crowd, as the gallopers undoubtedly have j
the call with the speculating and sport
loving public.
The racing at the park to-day was list
less and utterly devoid of excitement.
Winship and Keating repeated their
Woodland successes with the fast mare
Laurel in the 2:25 trot and with the grand
three-year-old Agitato in tbe pacing event.
The latter had the field at his mercy from
the outset, not being forced to step "a mile
better than 2:l4}^.
The lirst race called was the trotting
stake for two-year-olds, worth $650 to the
winner. It was a gift for the Oakwood
Park stock farm's young giant Owyhee,
who won in straight heats; time, "2:24,
2:30. His only opponents were Uncle
Johnny and Galleno, the latter being the
Palo Alto stock farm entry. It was
looked upon as a "moral" for Owyhee,
and there was little betting on the affair.
It was the maiden appearance of Uncle
Johnny this year, and from this excellent
showing, finishing a very good second in
each heat trotted, he promises to matte a
very useful bread-winner.
The 2:25 trot was decided under the
new innovation of making each heat a
race. It looked a "cast-iron" for Laurel,
and again the bookmakers found them
selves unable to inveigle any silver into
their "take boxes" even at odds of 16 to 1
on the field. Tommy Keating slipped the
favorite past Leader, who bad the pole in
the opening heat, and stepped off the last
heat in 2:16% with pounds to spare. Maud
P, driven by Quinn, trotted a very even
mile, finishing a very creditable second.
The winner then took the following two
heats easily in 2:16^ and 2:17, followed
in by Conn and Maud P, with the others
straggling. According to the rules, she
then went to the stable, tbe fourth being
a sort of consolation heat for the less
speedy entries. This went to Conn, driven
by J. H. Kelly, with Maud P a close sec
ond.
Tommy Keating, seated on his "white
flyer," was again in evidence in the pace.
Agitato was barred in the betting, pools
selling Jennie Me $15, Joe Wheeler $10
and the field $3. There was nothing to it
but the- prohibitive choice, Agitato plac
ing the purse to his owner's credit in
struight heats, with Jennie Me the con
tender in each heat. Joe Wheeler, on
which a quiet tip was out, finished third
in the lirst heat, but thereafter was very
unsteady. Summaries:
TrotiinK stake for two-year-olds, two In three:
value, $65!).
Owyhee, b. c., by Charles Derby- Ida Wood, by
Simmons (Chabova) 1 1
Uncle John, eh. g., by lienton Boy (Kent) 2 2
Galleno, b. c, by Monaco (Dustin) dtst
Time, \!:'Zi -2;30.
Trotting, 2:25 class, heat dashes: parse, $1000.
Laurel, b. m., by Nephew, by Electioneer
(Keating) 1 1 1 dr
Conn. b. h.. by Jnca (Kelly) 3 22 1
Maud I', b'.fc. m., by Idaho I'atcnen
(Quinny 2 3 3 2
Lewier, blk. g., by Tom Bentpn (Rodn
gues) 4 5 6 3
Stamboulette, b. h., by stain Kml (Casey) 6 4 4 4
Letter B, b. m.. by Ward B (Van Bokke
len) 5 disi
Maud Frances G, b. m., by Argent (Gold
worthy) dist
Time, 2:163,4— 2:16i/4— 2:17— 2 :23y 2 .
Pacing, three-year-olds, three in hve; puree,
$600.
Agitato, b. g., by Steinway Tone (Keatlnc).. 11l
Jen.iie Me, b. f.. by McKluney (Durree) 2 2 2
Pricoe Bismarck, b. g.. by Almon: Patchen
(McDona.d) 4 4 3
Mollie Nurse, b. f., by Monowood (Clark)... 5 3 4
Joe Wheeler, bile, g., by Son of Sidney
(Owens) 3 6 5
Time, 2:14%— 8:15— 8:17.
The card for the first running day i 3
rather a light one and pool-selling to
night was not lively. Bueno, Vinctor and
Chartreuse II are pronounced favorites for
their respective races. Following are the
entries :
Six furlongs, gelling— America 103, Ricardo
106, Mainstay 112, Bueno 112, Favory 106,
Sea Spray I(M>, Silver State 106, Landlord 100,
Uladiola 109, Lina Colorado 100, Howard lo<;.
Five-eighths of a mile, two-year-old maid
ens, selling— Veva 93. P F 102, Amelia S 99,
Jessie BarQett Davis 102, The Plunger 93, Hen
rietta <i 99, Ezekiel.93, Minta Owens 90, Prin
ciple 93, Inflammator 99.
One-mile handicap — Olive 103, Nicnac 85,
Thelma 105, Arnette 90.
Pur^e, one and a sixteenth miles— Cabrillo
105, Vinctor 115, Libertine 115, Lobengula
115.
Selling:, fifteen-sixteenth of a mile — Con
Moto 101, Marcel 110, Chartreuse II 104,
Nabopolassar 101, Jack Richelieu 107.
EXAMINER'S RELAY RACE
Two Bicyclists Complain of Be
ing Chased Off a Rail
way Track.
Mack and Koopman Make a Run of
Thirteen Miles in an Hour
and a Minute.
Hard travel seems not to daunt the
valiant riders in the transcontinental re
lay of the San Francisco Examiner and
New York Journal. Their laconic tele
grams mention rain, mud, drizzle and
encounters with untoward circumstances;
but still they press on. The following
resume of yesterday's dispatches will give
an idea of the progress made up to mid
night:
Arrived at Schuyler, 3:42 a. m.. Richard
Welty; North Bend, 5:23 a.m., Mart Mortisou :
Ames, Neb., 5:35 A. M., John \V. Stewart; Fre
mont, 6:25 a. m., Edwin Knechtel; Missouri
Valley. lowa, 10:25 a. m., A. Ittner, drizzling
rain; Logan, 11:20 a. m., Frank Gutcher;
Woodbine, 12:03 P. M., Edward McQueen; Dun
lap, 12:57 r. m., S. H. Beebe; Dow City,
1:28, White and Maugrum riding railway
track, roads being too muddy; Arion, 1:39
p. m. ; Denison, lowa, 2:21 p. si., riders
drenched, roads very rough; Vail, lowa, 3:07
p. M. ; Arcadia, 3:59 P. M., R. K. McCullough;
Carroll, 4:53 P. M.; Glidden, 5:46 p.m.; ScrAn
ton, lowa, 6:46 p.m.; Grand Junction, 8:42
P. M., J. A. Gallagher; Jefferson. 7:35 P. m., E.
E. Hunter; Oeden, lowa, 9:48 P. si., John
Head; Boone, lowa, 11:35 p. m.,C. S. Gillilana.
The day seems to have passed without
any notable incidents, save a set-to be
tween D. G. Brewer and N. E. Pearson and
a gang oi section hands. The laconic dis
patch says merely that the two riders
were "chased off the track." No broken
bones are mentioned, nor are details of
the fray furnished. A railway track wouid
not seem to be the best sort of a bicycling
boulevard, and to be choked off even so
poor a road must be hard indeed.
J. Mack and W. J. Koopman made a run
of thirteen miles through a pouring rain
storm, bumping along over railway ties
all the way, accomplishing the feat
in sixty-one minutes, a record which will
probably make some local knights of the
wheel look to their laurels.
Meanwhile, the packet speeds gayly on
toward its destination.
DARKSEUAN SENNTION.
A Minister Arrested on a Charge of
• I sing "Profane language.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 2.— The Rev.
J. A. Gardiner of Larkspur swore out a
warrant on Monday before Justice of the
Peace George Rodden for the arrest of
Thomas Mcßride, William • Whitmore,
Samuel Burtchaell, B. McCourt, J. W.
McCarty and John Frizze, on a charge of
malicious mischief. The defendants were
brought before th« Justice and their case
was set for Saturday evening.
S. Burtchaell, representing the defend
ants, turned the tables on the minister to
day, with the result that a warrant has
been issued for the arrest of the Rev. Mr.
Gardiner.
It charges that "he did wilfully and un
lawfully use profane language in the
presence of women and children "
i. The trouble originated in a dispute over
land boundaries, caused by an attempt on
he part of the first arrested six men to
take gravel for county road purposes from
a creek bed, half of which Mr. Gardiner
claims as a part of his property. The case
will probably be amicably settled.
- Vi- —■ • _
Tried to End Bis Life.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 2.-Morris Har
ris, a paper-hanger of San Francisco, cut
his throat shortly after 8 o'clock this
evening because he was upbraided by his
brother for drinking heavily. He will re
cover.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1898.
BUDGET OF NEWS
FROM THE ORIENT
Iltis Marines Cheer for the
Kaiser as They Go
Down.
MUTINOUS JAPS AT SEA.
With Iron Bars They Break the
Arms and Nose of a
Foreign Olficer.
RUSSIA'S BIG MOBILIZED FLEET.
The Bear Is Master of the Situation
in the Far East— England's
Display of Indifference.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 2.— The Em
press of China arrived to-day with the fol
lowing Oriental advices:
The sinking of the German warship Iltis
stili attracts attention in tbe press. Ac
cording to the Peking Times, after strik
ing all hands were called on deck, three
cheers were given for Emperor William,
mid then all joined hands and sang a
hymn as they went down.
Several instances of mutiny have oc
curred on board vessels of the Nippon Yu
sen Kaisha lately, arising from an anti
foreiern feeling on tbe part of Japanese
seamen as against their foreign officers.
Recently the second engineer of one of
this company's steamships, who had bis
orderß disobeyed, filled tbe places of the
recalcitrant Japanese with Chinee substi
tutes. On this, fourteen Japanese sailors
attacked him in his cabin and with iron
bars broke both his arms and his nose. It
appears that the law makes it a felony to
attack a captain, but does not include
subordinate officers, hence all the insubor
dination is shown to lesser officers. •
It is thought this steamship line will
suffer greatly unless this state of affairs
is altered, as insurance companies will
charge higher rates to a company which
permits cargoes to be endangered by add-
ing mutiny to the other insecurities of the
nea, «nd timid passengers will embark on
better disciplined lines.
The Japan Herald alleges that there is
a new and widespread anti-foreign feeling
just now showing itself in Japan. Officers
of the Japanese garrison at Unrin, For
mosa, have been arrested and charged
with cowardice in having deserted their
I posts without offering any real resistance
to the Formosan rebels when the latter
attacked Unrin. The general sentiment
seems to be that if the charge is true their
conduct deserves the strongest condemna
tion; but if, as some say, they are to be
tried on the entirely different charge of
massacreing the natives the feeling is that
they should be treated with leniency, as
the Formosan natives are very fierce and
difficult to control.
The North China Daily News says that
the Japanese are flooding Formosa with
paper money, which the Chinese buy at a
discount and then send back to Japan and
convert into silver at par.
The Japanese Government and the banks
of issue make an enormous profit on their
notes by the destruction of the latter. It
is calculated that thousands of yen of
paper money was destroyed in the late
seismic wave disaster, while the conflagra
tions that are so common in Japan are
accountable for the disappearance of a
very large amount annually.
The Japan Herald says of the seventeen
American sailors and hunters of the seal
ing schooner Saipan, who are under arrest
at Vladivostock for poaching at Robber
Island that they will not be in a position
to return to Yokohama this year, but their
friends need feel no uneasiness about them
as they are having an infinitely better time
in a Russian prison than they ever en
joyed in the forecastle of a sealing
schooner. They are very well treated by
the Russian prison authorities and are
especially in clover when an American
ship touches at Vladivostok, as they are
allowed to visit her in charge of Russian
•soldiers.
As tobacco, drinks, etc., run free on
board the American ships when such vis
its are paid, the worthy soldiers of the
Czar encourage the pastime of paying
calls. It ends by casting a sneer at the
California papers that recently went into !
exaggerated commiseration of "the poach
ers.
Dense fogs greatly interfered with the
work of the American, British and Jap- j
anese Government expeditions, which had j
made elaborate and expensive prepara- i
tions to watch the recent sola? eclipse. At
Kobe, however, a good view was had of I
the phenomenon, and also at Yokohama. i
The Japanese papers commend the
eclipse for coming and going on schedule
time — "'wherein it differed from the ma
jority of scheduled occurrences in
Japan."
They also say that thousands of natives
who would have quivered with supersti- i
tious awe only thirty years ago at seeing' 1
the sun swallowed up, on this occasion
calmly smoked little bits of glass and
gazed through them, simply ejaculating,
"Mah!" and "Domo!" during the occulta
tion. £
Notwithstanding this superstition is not
entirely dead yet in Japan, for an Osako
man is doing a thriving business by means
of it. He has purchased at a preat price
a beautiful white snake and enshrined it
in a temple where the superstitious flock
to pay it homage aud tribute, believing it
to be the god of wealth. • He might do well
to bring the . silvery-scaled beauty to.
America just now and herald it as a cam
paign mascot.
Sho Nemoto, the Japanese commis
sioner sent to the United States to inspect
commercial prospects, is reported to be
favorably impressed with the inducements
held out by San Diego as a terminal point
for a Japanese line of steamships.
If the iron from the iron fields at San
Isidor, Lower Caliiornia, proves of requi
site quality for steel making the indica
tions are that it will be utilized in great
quantities for building the new Japanese
navy. ■ ■■• , •
Public curiosity is on the gui vive in the
Orient as to what Russia will do with the
many ship*-of- war. mobilized at Vladi
vostock. The bear seems to continue
making extensive preparations for eventu
alities and it is hinted that Russia desires
to constrain Japan to go to war with her
before Japan has completed additions to
her navy and her military power. Russia
atone, it-is intimated, is master of the sit
uation in the far east, and it is believed
it will not be long now before that power
will throw off her inscrutability and act.
Great Britain's -display of indifference is
barely commented on in the ; Oriental .
press, which is, on the whole, a very al
mond-eyed, watchful and sapient lynx
that allows little to escape it.
MICHIGAN FIRE ANFTERNS
Many Peopl* X early Jteduceel to a Con
dition of Barbariam.
CALUMET, Mich., Sept. 2.- So distress
ing has become the condition of the fire
sufferers in Ontonagon that they have
nearly been reduced to a conditioo of bar
barism. The food snpply is away below
the demand and the strong and able
bodied fight back the weak and take sus
tenance for themselves, leaving the weaker
to starve.
The authorities there have been unable
to meet the condition, and two companies
of militia have been sent to the fire dis
trict to protect the supplies against the
raids of the half-crazed sufferers. Gov
ernor Rich was appealed to and will send
the entire State militia in the upper penin
sula to guard the food if necessary.
Every soldier is supplied with twenty
rounds of ball cartridges and goes equipped
for active war. Thieves and pillagers will
be shot down if necessary to protect the
weak.
NOTABLE WEDDING AT DULUTH.
Dr. P. J. H. Farrell of San Francisco Mar-
ries the Lovely Daughter of a Rail
road President,
DULUTH, Minn., Sept. 2.— Miss Edna
Greatsinger and Dr. P. J. H. Farrell of
Sao Francisco were married here to-day.
The wedding was an elaborate affair and
was celebrated at high noon. St. Paul's
Episcopal Church was elegantly decorated
for the service, which was conducted by
the rector, Rev. Dr. Ryan.
After the church ceremony a wedding
breakfast was served at the Greatsinger
residence, which was beautifully dec
orated.
Dr. Farrell, although a young man, is
already a prominent and successful physi
cian, and a society man as well. His
bride is exceedingly popular in the social
circles of Dulutb, where she will be sadly
missed. During the afternoon Dr. and
Mrs. Farrell left this city in Mr. Great
singer's private car. They will visit Yel
lowstone ParK and eastern points of in
terest. They will make their home in
San Francisco.
THREE WONDERFUL HEATS
John R. Gentry Paces Three
Trials in the Fastest
Known Time.
Chilly Weather and a Stiff Breeze
Retard the Racer in His En
deavors
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 2.— ln the
presence of 8000 spectators at Fleetwood
Park to-day William Simpson's handsome
stallion, John R. Gentry, lowered tne
colors of Robert J, Frank Agen and Star
Pointer, winning the most remarkable
harness race on record and pacing throe
heats in 2:03%. 2:03^, 2:03»4, the fastest
time ever known for three consecutive
j heats.
The weather was chilly and a stiff
breeze retarded the horses in the home
stretch, so that the conditions were not at
all favorable for fast time. Tbe compet
ing horses were the fastest of their kind in
i tbe world and all were at their best. Sum-
I maries:
I The champion purse. $2500, free-for-all class,
! pacing, John R. Gentry won. Frank Agen Bee
! ond, Robert J third. Best lime, 2:o:)'.£.
The Pre»s stakes, .f-TOOO, 2:15 class, trotting,
Alcidalia won, Azmon second, Token third.
Best time, ii:ll' ! 4 .
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 2.— Six furlongs, Don
Clarence won, Queen Safie second, Albert S
third. Time, 1 :15\.
Six furlongs, Don Fulnno won. Airtight sec
ond. King Michael third. Time, 1:1736
Mile aud seventy yards, Couronne dOr
won, John Hickey second, Al Orth third.
Time, 1 :47.
| Six furlongr, Aquinas won, Buck Videre sec
ond. Part bam ax third. Time, 1:14.
One mile, Honor won, Sweet Favordale sec
i ond, Topmast third. Time, 1 AQ}±.
Five furiongs, Oella won, Tago second, Silver
I Set th!r<l. Time. 1:O2W.
CONEY ISLAND, N. 'Y, Sept. 2.— Five fur
longs. Miss Prim won, Confession.* second,
Ballyroe third. Time, 1 :0'J' 4 .
Five furlongs, Kentucky Belle won, Yankee
Heiress second, Somerset third. Time, 1:03%
One mile, Roundsman won, HnzVt second,
! Ramiro (by <Jano) third. Time, XMK.
Seven furlongs, Typhoon II wonj Princess
Flayia seeoud. Burlesque third. Time, 1:28.
Mile and three-sixteenths, Damien won, Ar
gentina second. Time, 2:03%.
Six furlongs, Sherlock won. Song and Dance
second, Stratnreel third. Time, 1:16.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
CLnBS.
Won.
t _.. I Per
Baltimore.....
Cincinnati.
I Cleveland...... ..;
■ Chicago..
: Boston
i l'ittsbiir«.
I Philadelphia
| Brooklyn
i New York
j Washington
| St. Louis.
j Louisville
76
70
6?
65
6--'
60
54
53
53
44
3&
■-'!♦
34 .890
41 ,t;:;u
43 .609
Ml .564
50 .553
50 I .545
68 I .481
68 i .-477
Xl .464
66 .400
77 :31a
80 .266
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 2.— Score: Balti
more 5— 4. 13, 0; Chicagos— 2. 6, 2. Batteries-
Pond and Clark, Terry end Donahue. Umpire—
Emslie.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 2.— Score: Wash
j injttons— 6, 13, 4; Louisvi'.les— B, 12, 4. Bat
! teries — German and McGuire, Herman and
Dexter. Umpire— Lynch.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 2.— Score: New
Yorki-— O, 52; Cincinnatis— 4, lo. 1. Batteries
— Clark and Wilson, Foreman and Peitz. Um
pire— Sheridan.
BROOKLYN, X. V., Sept. 2.— Score: Brook
lyns—U, 10, 6; Cievelands— o, 11, 0. Batteries
—Payne and Grim, Young and Zimmer. Um
pire—Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Sept. 2 —Score : Pliila
delphiai—2. 6,4; PlttsDurgs— lo. 13, 1. Bat
teries—Taylor and Boyle, Hawley and Sugden.
Umpire— Lally.
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 2.— Score: First game—
Bostons— lß, 25, 2; St. Louis— 3, 4, 0. Bat
teries — Klobedanz and Bergen, Donahue and
Murphy. Umpires— Henderson and Campbell.
Second srame: Bostons— l 2, 18, 2; St. Louis—
8, 11, 3. Batteries — Nichols and Berpen
Kissinger and McKarland. Umpires— Camp^
bell and Henderson.
SAN JOSE HADDING.
Milton Pray and Jtfioa Anna Day Are
United in Marriage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 2.— Miss Anna
Day of this city and Milton Pray of San
Francisco were married at the home of
the bride's parents, in the Willows, at
noon to-day. The wedding was an elabo
rate affair. Rev. Dr. Willey of San Fran
cisco officiated. Miss Fannie Pray was
bridesmaid and Frank B. King of San
Francisco was best man.
The bride is the daughter of Captain
Day of this city. Mr. Pray is a business
man of San Francisco. The couple left on
the afternoon train for Monterey. They
will take up their residence in San Fran
cisco.
CAPTURED NEAR DORDSDURG.
Two Border Band it* Taken Pri$ oner* by
Deputy Marmhalm. " .
SILVER CITY, N. Hex., Sept. 2.—
Deputy Marshals to-day captured Cox and
Shinn, supposed to be members of the
gang of border bandits, and are bringing
them to this place. The capture was
effected near Loidsburg, Gra^t County.
A posse and soldiers are still pursuing the
gang. ,
Bfinedere't £ew Church.
BELVEDERE. Cal., Sept 2.— A meet
ing was held recently of tne residents of
Belvedere in the handsome new church,
completed only a montn ai;o, for the pur
pose of church organization and to decide
on what denomination the church should
be. A large nurnoer were present. It was
decided to oedicate the church Sunday.
September 20, at 2:30 o'clock in the after
noon. Rev. Dr. Crosby will deliver the
dedicatory sermon.
LI TALKS TO THE
NEWSPAPER MEN,
He Thinks There Are Too
Many Political Parties
in America.
BIG BUILDINGS A STUDY
Looks for a Repeal or Modifica
tion of the Chinese Exclu
sion Law.
AN ADVOCATE OF CHEAP LABOR
He Declares That American Capitalists
Would Be Treated Fairly in
China.
NEWvYORK, N. V., Sept. 2.— By pre
vious arrangement Li Hung Chang, the
Chinese Embassador, this morning re
ceived a limited number of representatives
of the press in his apartments at tbe
Waldorf. The newspaper men were pre
sented to the Viceroy by Edward B.
Drew, Commissioner of Royal Taxes in
China. The Viceroy's medical adviser,
Dr.' Bark, acted as interpreter. The
much-described yellow jacket was not in
evidence during the interview, the
Viceroy being attired in a costume of
plum-colored silK. The first question
asked was :
"Your Excellency, since you have said
so many good things about us, we desire
to know in what respect we have disap
pointed you?"
The Viceroy replied: "I have no com
plaint to make of my reception in this
country. I don't think I could say any
thing bad about you unless it were that
you have too many political parties.
Cannot the newspapers unite these
parties?"
"What has been most interesting to you
in America?"
"I have been charmed with many things.
In fact, everything has delighted me so
much that it is hard to say in which I
have been most interested. The big build
ings are specially enteresting. i have
never seen such tall buildings before.
These structures of twenty or more stories
are great works of architecture. They
would not do, however, in China, where
we have so many typhoons. But I have
heard that in this country you have no
such winds and that you are safe. The
elevators make them accessible."
"Have you any comparisons to make be
tween America and England?"
'"No, I would not like to make any. The
Americans came originally from England,
and whatever you do here you have learned
from England. For that reason it would
be indelicate to draw comparisons."
"What has impressed you most during
yourjreceptions in New York — the demon
strations of the common people, such as
you witnessed yesterday, or the attentions
shown you by the dignataries of the coun
try?"
To thistjuestion the interpreter replied:
"The Viceroy says that he knows some
thing, but that he will keep it to himself."
"Do you look for a repeal or a modifica
tion of the so-called Chinese exclusion law
passed by our Congress in 1892? It has
also been called the Geary act."
"I know very well that you are soon to
have an election and perhaps a change in
the Government. For this reason I have
not mentioned or discussed tbe Geary act
with your Government officials. I desire
the assistance of the press in an effort
which will be made later to do away with
this law. I know that the press is the
most influential institution in this coun
try."
"Was the route through Canada decided
upon because of any antagonism that
might assert itself among the people of
the Pacific Coast States?"
At this point the Viceroy called for his
official interpreter, Lo Fung Lu. to whom
he made the following reply: "The choice
of the Canadian route was determined
upon for two reasons — first, while I was
High Commissioner of the northern por
tion of China, I received many complaints
from onr Chinese subjects in this country
that they were not in possession of the
rights to which they were entitled here,
and they invoked my assistance to secure
for them full rights. Your laws here now
curtail these rights, and 1 did not care to
go through the States where the people
had been most instrumental in bringing
about these restricting laws. Second,
while I am a good sailor, lam an old mail,
and I have been informed that the steam
ers sailing from Vancouver are much more
comfortable than those leaving San Fran
cisco."
Without waiting for another question
the Viceroy again turned bis attention to
the Geary act. "Chinese exclusion is
most unfair. Competition is good for any
country. Competition keeps the marKets
in a healthy condition, whether this com
petition is in the price of labcr or commod
ity. The Geary act was brought about by
the Democratic party and the Irish people
because the Chinese are the rivals of the
Irish laborers. Put aside the fact that I
am a liigh official and speaking as a cos
mopolitan, let me ask if such a law is in
the interest of American people? Is it
good policy to exclude cheap labor? Would
you exclude cheap commodities? You are
proud of your ingenuity, you boast of your
liberty and freedom, but there is no free
dom of labor. I cannot see the fruits and
effects oi this liberty. You are not only a
people of great inventions, but yon
are a country of large agricultural
resources and a country of commerce
and industry. England is purely a coun
try of industry. You make better ma
chinery and agricultural implements than
any other nation in the world, but these
manufactures are unfortunately so ex
pensive tnat in foreign markets their sale
is limited. This is because your labor is
so high. If you let in cheap labor you
can sell your goods more cheaply.
"What inducements are offered to
American capitalists to invest in Chinese
enterprises?''
"The Chinese Government invites every
one of wealth, no matter to wr-at nation
he belongs, to come to China and invest in
our enterprises. General Grant was my
best friend, and I shall never forget his
advice torn c upon this subject. He said:
'You trust invite American capitalists to
China, but »he administration mustalways
remain iii the hands of the Chinese Na
tion. China must maintain its sovereign
rights.' I remember that advice warmly
in my heart. American captalists who
may decide to invest la China will be
treated the same as those of other coun
tries, but we must retain tbe administra
tive power."
In reply to further questions Li said his
country would perhaps study the English
and American educational systems and
choose the better of the two. He said
there were many newspapers in China,
but they had no circulation to speak of
because their editors were not truthful.
The Viceroy declared with a smile that
the newspaper cuts of him in this country
were very bad.
Around the World in a Little Boat.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. 2.— Captain
Adoiph i'reitsch, who crossed the Atlantic
a year ago in the cockleshell Nina, started
at 3 p. m. yesterday on a voyage around
the world in his little boat Schlitz Gobe.
He will sail down the lake to Chicago,
pass through the drainage canal to the
Mississippi River, down to the Guif of
Mexico, cross the Isthmus of Panama by
rail and then sail to San Francisco. His
voyage will consume four years. He goes
alone. 6
BACK FROM CRATER LAKE.
m
Partial Success of the United States For-
estry Commission's Trip to the
Mountains.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 2.-W. G. Steel,
who guided the Forestry Commission to
Crater Lake, returned to-day. The com
mission consists of Professor Sargent of
Harvard Univerity (chairman), Mr. Pin
chot (secretary). Professor Brewer of Yale
College, Mr. Hague of the United Slates
Geological Survey and General Abbot.
They were accompanied by John Muir of
California, alter whoni the Muir glacier in
Alaska is named and who has a thorough
knowledge of the regions to be visited on
this coast by the Commissioners.
"Mr. Hague, Mr. Muir, Mr. Pinohot and
I started out in a boat to visit Wizard
Island,"; said ; Mr. Steel," but we were
overtaeen by a storm of wind and rain
which compelled us to go ashore, where
we built a campfire and dried ourselves as
best we could. It was then|to late too go
to the island, and we had to give up the
trip entirely. Immediately after the
storm the atmosDhere cleared sufficiently
for us to see the dim outlines of the oppo
site shore, live miles distant. The next
morning, when we had to leave, a heavy
fog prevailed, and we could not see the
laKe at all."
The Commissioners were very much in
terested in tbe flora of the entire route;
and although they did not see Crater
Lake as it should be seen, they were very
much impressed with it. They expressed
themselves in unmeasured t»rms denun
ciatory of the vandals who persisted in de
stroying the natural scenery by sticking
their names and advertisements on
rocks and trees, and they tore down every
advertisement that they came across.
SAUSALITO MAN'S PERIL
J. Haffoer Walks From the
Ferry Wharf While Tem
porarily Insane.
By Means of Boathooks the Unfortu
nate Man Is Rescued From
the Water.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 2.— J. Haffner,
a large property-owner of Sausalito, while
suffering from temporary insanity induced
by sickness, walked from his home at an
early hour yesterday morning, strolled
onto fche ferry wharf and fell into the
water, but was rescued before it was too
late. '
Mrs. Haffner, who was seen last evening
by a Call representative, said: "My hus
band has for some' days been suffering
from a severe cold that finally terminated
in pneumonia. Last nieht he arose from
iiis bed and went downstairs My daugh
ter »nd myself as soon as we discovered
his absence vent down after him, but he
had disappeared from the house.
"We then ran down to Mr. Simpton, an
old friend of ours, to ask him to help us
find him. Afterward Mr. Hernan, a friend
who lives at our house, and my daughter
went searching for him by the water
front."
"I first discovered him," said Miss Haff
ner, "near the end of the *\ - harf. I could
scarcely distinguish him in the darkness.
As soon as I spoke to him he arose as if to
meet me, but fell backward into the water.
I ran around to the steamer Sausalito,
moored close by, and was met by the
watchman.
"He and two other men dragged father
from the waterwith boathooks. My father
has Deen worried for some time because of
the grading being done on our land down
near the street. This and his illness made
him delirious."
Mr. Huff ner's condition was critical this
evening.
NEWELL ILL AT SEATTLE,
The Detroit's Commander Can
Survive but a Few Days
at the Utmost.
In His Delirium He Recalls the Out
rages and Executions at
Kiepsim.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 3.— At the
home of ex-Mayor Frank D. Black in this
city, Captain John Stark Newell, com
mander of the armored United States
cruiser Detroit, now stationed in Chinese
waters, is dyinp. Dr. J. B. Eagleson, the
attending physician, said to-day that bis
death was liable to occur at any hour,
though life might be prolonged a day or
so. For twenty-four hours he has been
unconscious, and Lieutenant-Commander
Taussig of the monitor Monartnock, now
at Port Angeles, last night telegraphed to
the department at "Washington City that
Captain Newell could not live.
Captain Newell arrived in this city on
July 23, from China, on his way to Wash
ington Ci*y to make a report on the Kiep
fimtCentral China) missionary massacres.
He called at the home of ex-Mayor Black
for a few days' rest, and three days after
his arrival became ill. His illness was the
effects of malaria, contracted in China,
culminating in a complication of diseases.
His wife, who came out from New York
four weeks ago, is with him.
It will be recalled that a Methodist mis
sionary station at Kiepsim was raided by
a Chinese mob about a year auo and sev
eral men, women arid children were
butchered by the frenzied fanatics. The
murdered people were Americans, and
this Government decided to investigate
the outrages. Captain Newell, with an
escort, was dispatched from Port Arthur
to the scene of the murders. He traveled
up the river Mini until he arrived at Kiep
sim. There the murderers were tried and
fifteen of them were beheaded in the pres
ence of Captain Newell.
After ths executions Captain Newell re
turned to the United States, and when he
arrived in this city was on his way to
Washington City to report the result of
iiis investigations. His written report,
tbe contents of which are not known, but
which will be of international importance,
is now in the hands of tbe authorities at
Washington City.
In his delirium Csptain Newell has re
called the outrages against his country
men, demanding reparation from China,
and he daily reviews the horrible scene
when fifteen Chinese were beheaded.
CHAMDERLAIN IN NEW YORK.
The British Statesman on a Visit to
' Bit Wife's Parents. '
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 2-Right
Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, British Secre
tary of State for the. Colonies, and his
wife were passengers on the White Star
line steamer Teutonic, which arrived this
morning from Liverpool. When inter
viewed at Quarantine he said that his visit
was of a purely personal nature and was
taken for tha purpose of visiting Mrs.
Chamberlain's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.
C. Endicott oi Banvers, Mass.
SKELETON FOUND
AT JACKSONVILLE,
Strange Disappearance of
Thomas S. Darling
Explained.
MET A VIOLENT DEATH.
" I Was Murdered by John R— v
He Wrote as Life Was
Ebbing Away.
COULD NOT FINISH THE NAME.
A Former Partner Suspected of Hay.
ing Stolen the Dead Man's
Fortune.
PORTLAND, Ok., Sept. 2.— Barney W.
Tiiden, who a few months ago moved to
South Portland from the neighborhood of
Jacksonville, is in receipt of a letter from
a brother, which clears a mystery of over
twenty years' standing. Tilden's brother,
who is a miner living ten miles south of
Jacksonville, writes that he and two other
miners on Saturday last came across a
human skeleton lying in a large rift of a
quartz ledge on the side of a mountain on
which they were prospecting.
The remains, all but the skull and
shoulder-bones, were covered with almost
a foot of drift rock, which it had taken
years- to accumulate. The writer and his
companions were prompted to remove the
dsbris in the hope of finding something to
enable them to identify the skeleton.
"I was amazed — yes. stricken with inde
scribable terror,' 1 added the writer,
•'when I found it impossible for me to
avoid realizing tnat the remains before me
were those of your long missing brother
in-law. There is no question of the iden
tity, for on tbe left little linger I discovered
the identical amethyst that, mother gave
him on Christmas day, 1873. To satisfy
me beyond any possible donbt that the
skeleton was that of Tom I found by his
side a package of molded papers, most of
which were yet quite decipherable.
Among these papers were two of your let
ters, written from Sacramento in August,
1875, and the rest were from Mollie.
"The most fearful thing connected with
this discovery was an indelible pencil
scrawl on the face of a loose letter, closely
resembling Tom's handwriting, reading:
'I was murdered by John R — ,' ana then
followed a scrawl which could not be read.
It seems to me that Tom must have lost
consciousness before he was able to finish
the sentence.
"An examination of the skull disclosed
that it had been fractured. But if he waa
murdered it rould not have been for rob
bery, because in the rift close by the re
mains, we found his gold watch and $83
in gold and silver. Do you remember any
one whose name began with John R. who
associated with Tom?"
Tiiden, who leaves for the sonth to
night, says that in May. 1876, his brother
in-law, Thomas S. Darling, who had been
in business here a short time, wrote him
that he was going to Southern Orefjon to
look after some mining property. That
was the last letter Tiiden ever received
from Darling.
Darling came herp from California bring
ing with him between $6000 and $7000 to
enpage in the real estate and brokerage
business. At that time he was almost 29
years old, and he took with him an old
schoolmate, Chauncey Demming, ns a sort
of partner. Tiiden found Dernming here,
but h? could throw no light upon the
probable whereabouts of his friend.
"Without wishing to burden you with a
long story,'' remarked Tiiden. "I will only
add that poor Tom never was found, and
neither was the money he brought here
with him. Deming, thougn, returned .to
California shortly after I came here, he
taking very little interest in Tom's fate,
and located in San Francisco. Six months
later I heard that he loomed up as a min
ing-stock operator. I never knew him to
have a dollar in Sacramento, but it was re
ported to me that Chaunoey was quite flush
when he went into stocks. I don't think
he killed poor Tom, but I'll take an oath
that he robbed him. Demming .died at
the bay about a year a^o as poor as a
charoh mouse, although at one time ha
was rated at $200,000, all made out of the
money I believe he stole from his unfortu
nate friend."
JTCEW TO-DAT.
Lace Curtains
46-cents-a-pair lace cur-
tains are getable around
town. "Bargains," of
course.
Just imagine them after
the first wash ! How long
will people continue to waste
money on such trash ?
Nothing of the kind here,
you may be sure.
We buy from a dozen fac-
tories — take only the pretty
curtains from each. Pretty
curtains cost no more than
ugly ones, if rightly bought.
Sale this week — a few
prices :
Nottingham curtains, Brussels effect, 92— were
$3.75.
Irljh polnl curtains. $7.so— wore *10.
Clunie laco curtain j, $7.so— were ?9.90.
Genuine Arabia:! curtains, S'2o— vere $25.
We hang them free — and
right.
New furniture catalogue,
free.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Colo & Co.)
11 7- 123 Geary j Street.
34
GREGORY IS
CONVICTED
Guilt Pronounced Upon the
Third Round Valley
Assassin.
MURDER IN THE SECOND
DEGREE.
No Recommendation of Mercy
in the Verdict of the
Jury.
GEORGE E. WHITE SCORED IN
COURT.
Deputy Attorney-General Post De
clares tbe "Kicg" Planned
Litthfijld's Death.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 2.— Joe
Gregory, the cowardly murderer, who shot
from ambush and killed the disarmed and
helpless vaquero, Albert D. Littlefield,
better known as "Jack" Littlefleld, near
Long Ridge, on September 27, 1895, and
Joe Gregory, the Convicted Round
Valley Assassin.
who subsequently desecrated the grave of |
his victim in the most fiendish manner,
was convicted of murder in the second de
gree in the Superior Court of Trinity |
County this evening, at 7:30 o'clock.
Long before court opened this morning j
an eager and excited throng had taken
possession of every available inch of room
in the courtroom, overflowed into the cor
ridors and extended from the stairway
into the street, for the closing scenes in
the trial of the third Round Valley assas
sin to be convicted of murder this year
was a matter of some interest to the peo
ple of Trinity County, who trembled for
fear lest through some miscarriage of the
law the accused should be released and a
reign of terror follow.
A vague rumor had been heard upofl the
street that a certain juror had been tam
pered with, and it was with a profound
sigh of relief that the crowd listened to
the verdict handed to the Judge by George
F. Chapman, foreman of the jury, that
the jury found the defendant guilty of
murder in the second degree and without
recommending mercy.
It was just after the jury had returned
to the courthouse from dinner, and the
swarm of women who had sweltered in the
close room all day were conspicuous for
their absence. The murderer, who, dur
ing the arguments of both the prosecution
and the defense, had evinced an intense
interest, together with extreme nervous
ness, accompanied by intermittent moods
of the gravest abstraction and musing,
had apparently composed himself, and
when the verdict was announced not a
tremor passed over his dark countenance,
and it was apparent that he had fortified
himself for the reception of newa of a
more serious fate.
At 5:30 o'clock the case was given into
the hands of the jurors and exactly two
hours later the verdict was returned. It
gives general satisfaction, for there are
four other accomplices to the murder of
Littlefield awaiting trial at Weaverville
and it is believed that his fate will be
theirs.
The opening speech for the prosecution
was made by James W. Bartlett, the pros
ecuting attorney for Trinity County. He
tersely and briefly narrated the theory of
the prosecution and described the circum
stances attending L.ittlefibld'i death.
After him followed Robert R. Fowler, as
■istant counsel for the defense. He made
an eloquent plea to the jurors. Then
Oregon Sanders arose and for two hours
pleaded for the life and liberty of the de
fendant. It was evident from the begin
ning that the plan of the defense was to
assail and impeach the character of and
testimony given by the witnesses for the
prosecution, as he later admitted that he
had never found it so hard to talk upon a
case in his life as upon this.
At the commencement of his speech
Sanders cautioned the jurors against
tribal jealousy, which he professed that
he believed to exist between the counties
of Mendocino and Trinity. In succession
he took up witnesses Hoglan, Wilburn,
Hanover and Doolittle, branding them as
cattle thieves, squawmen, rascals in gen
eral. He dwelt upon the fact that no
blood or water had been found upon the
clothing of the defendant.
Before Deputy Attorney-General C. N.
Post entered upon the body of his argu
ment, he spoke of the pleasant relations
that had existed between himself and the
opposing counsel, and paid a well-deserved
tribute to fearless Tom Bergin, the tall,
sinewy young Sheriff of Trinity County,
who worked relentlessly and regardless of
his own safety to bring the murderers out
of their stronghold to justice. Then he
said:
"You remember what I told you in my
opening statement, and I believe that I
have kept my word. I said 1 would prove
a conspiracy, and now I say that George
E. White was the head and front of this
conspiracy. It was only necessary for
him to intimate that it would be an agree
able thing to him if such a man be re
moved and it would be done."
He stated that the conspiracy which had
been laid at the door of George £. White
stood undenied; that "there had been no
questions asked Mr. White as to whether
he had discussed the killing ol'Latlerield,
and that he had not denied."
At tnis point George White showed con
siderable agitation and arose and asked a
question in a whisper of one of the lawyers
for the defense.
Post bitterly arraigned the witnesses for
the defense, who had endeavored to im
peach Hanover and McDonald on account
of their attempted boxinz match.
' Sanders had said that he wished the
testimony given by some of the witnesses
for the prosecution wippd out, and Post
said that had they told all they knew be
fore coming to Weaverville "they would
have been 'wiped out 1 from off the face of
the earth, they having a method of re
moving and 'wiping out 1 men over there,
and O'Neil knew it when he had lied
about the time Gregory had returned to
the Vinton cabin."
It will be remembered tbat Vinton, one
of the conspirators, had been shot a short
time before the murder of Littlefield, and
Post stated that he believed that Vinton
had accidentally shot himself as he was
dismounting from his horse, as it was his
custom to carry his rifle before him across
his saddle; that Vinton, after wounding
himself, had conceived the shrewd scheme
of laying the shooting upon Littleneld, and
that for this reason he had removed and
destroyed his overshirt, which was prob
ably powder-burned, and that while lying
at the house of Tom Haydon he had
batched and matured the conspiracy and
put it into action, which resulted in
Littletield's death. It appeared, he said,
that Vinton bad "hanging on the brain"
for a long time and did not fail to tell
everybody he met about it.
During the day Gregory sat between his
mother and sister. It was apparent that
each of the trio was expecting the worst.
Many denudes have been sworn in by
the Sheriff in tbe past few days, as it is
feared an attempt at jailbreaking will be
made. It is expected that other arrests
are to be made. Gregory will be sentenced
on Saturday, when Oregon Sanders will
ask for a new trial.
HAZING AT PALO ALTO,
Freshmen at the University
the Victims of Rough
Treatment.
Given Baths at Untoward Hours oi
the Night ani Pelted With
Ancient Eges.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
2. — The freshmen have been civen a hot
reception at the university. There has
been a great deal of rough treatment of
the new classmen, which has caused many
threats of dire revenge on their part. In
the young men's dormitory the freshmen
have been taken from taeir rooms and
given baths at untoward hours of the
night.
A company of twenty sophomores cap
| tured eight freshmen at Palo Alto last
| night and drummed up a crowd of about
200 citizens with an impromptu band.
The freshmen were compelled to stand
upon the campaign platform erected there
and talk for a half hour each, wuile they
I were made easy marks for eggs, potatoes
I and other rubbish. One young man was
made to sing the popular song, "Good
Night, Ladies," while vis efforts were ap
plauded with a shower of stale eges. The
freshman was struck in the eye with an
egg and badly hurt. It was thought for
some time that the eye would be lost, but
after the shell was taken out the disciple
of Parneli was made to continue his song
, with no more serious injury than a very
j black optic.
It is not known who threw the missile.
The matter was much talked of in the
university town to-day.
Architect Hodges says that there will be
no new university building this fall. Sev
eral fraternities contemplate building
houses. The Chapter of Delta Upailon
already has a house planned for, and the
Phi Delta Thetas may build.
SCENES AT THE STATE FAIR AT SACRAMENTO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
FEIST OF BEAUTY
AT SACRAMENTO.
The State Fair Pavilion and
Its Many Fine
Exhibits.
NOVEL IDEAS EVOLVED.
Artist Weisel's Cartoons Come
Near Precipitating a
Fight
INCUBATORS AND ICEBERGS.
Chickens Hatched in Sight of Sp-cta
tors Near a Scene of Arctic
Grandeur.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Bent. 2. — The
second day of the State Fair brought a
larger attendance, both at the track and
at the pavilion. The exhibits are worth
coming miles to see, and as for the races,
a swifter or more nimble string of horses
from all sections of the country baa not
been seen on any California track this sea
son. To-night the pavilion reverberated
with music. It was a festival of pure
melody, and it and the exhibits were en
joyed by an increasing attendance free
from the jam of a great crowd.
But there are plenty of seats for the
crowd when it does begin to flow through
the gates. The trains are bringing mora
visitors almost every hour. Public con
veniences for handling the throngs are ex
cellent. Trolley-cars, and plenty of them,
and numerous other conveyances whisk
The visitor out to racetrack or pavilion in
a few minutes.
When the bell sounded at 10:30 o'clock
to-night for Ihe close of the pavilion a de
lighted procession of spectators filed slow
ly out of the building.
A youthful Sacramento cartoonist has
caused a sensation at the pavilion section
of the big State Fair. The sensation ex
tended to the street, where the artist's
father was getting thrashed or thrashing
the other fellow. In one corner of the pa
vilion and separate from the art gallery
was a display of pen-and-ink sketches by
Chris Weisel, a lad said to be only 16 years
ot age. The work is remarkably well done
for a lad of his years. It would do credit
to artists of more age and experience.
The subjects of many of his sketches are
well-known Sacramento men. The like
nesses are striking in almost all instances,
but with the enthusiasm of youth he has
given the subject a disagreeable and un
just turn without, perhaps, any intention
of offending.
For instance, a caricature of Judge W.
A. Henry occupies a prominent place. He
is portrayed as armed with a cupid's bow,
and is as scantily clad as the little god of
love ever is when he whispers in the ears
of maidens. A member of the Board of
Trustees cf the city is pictured as receiv
ing a flow of gold in capacious hands, and
this is labeled "Honesty." A prominent
banker is illustrated as squeezing the life
out of a farmer, mortgagor and mort
gagee. C. P. Huntington, H. M. La Rue
and Grove L. Johnson are pictured in a
schoolroom in the year 1840. and a pupil
is explaining to the teacher how they suc
ceeded in life. Mayor Sutro of San Fran
cisco does not escape the facile pencil and
graphic idea of this youthful cartoonist,
and this picture was perhaps the best in
I the lot. The likeness almost speaks. The
Mayor is seen lying fu length in a bath
tub, with a scrubbing brush in one hand.
A local editor was also undesirably cari
catured.
There was such a "kick" from the per
sons caricatured that the board of di
rectors of the agricultural society to-day
ordered the collection removed. To-night
there was no crowd around the pictures,
and there was a blank space on the wall.
Shortly before noon to-day Frank M.
Woodson, a son of one of the cartoon sub
jects, met Chris Weisel Sr. at Eighth and
X streets. The young man had blood in
his eye. He charged Weisel pere witli
having inspired the cartoon on his
father. The elder Weisel replied that he
was not responsible for the work of
Weisel fils, but young Woodson repeated
and emphasized the charge. Owing to the
intervention ot by-standers no blood was
spilled.
One of the living attractions at the fair
is Vahan Aslanian, a young Armenian,
who has been in this country only three
weeks. Isaac Banyakar. an Armenian,
known to fame in Sun Francisco for Lav
ing named his hrst born, a girl, California,
and his three weeks' old son McKinl y
Banyakar, has an exhibit, and he points
with native pride to this new immigrant.
Aslanian is a husky young fellow about 21
years of age. He is attired in a Bedouin
suit with a green feather in his cap. He
bristles with a long and wicked-looking
! knife such as the Armenians use in mak
ing their feeble fights against the Turks.
He is also heavily laden with cartridge
belts full of cartridges about three inches
long.
Aslanian is always the center of a crowd
and he seems to enjoy it. In broken Eng
lish he tells wonderful stories of the lights
he has had with the Tuiks in his native
town of Mar3odan.
He attended an American missionary
I school there and picked up a little Eng
lish. He corroborates the published
j stories about Armenian girls and brides
being carried off into the mountains by
the cruel Turks. Upon one occasion some
of his own female friends were among the
number.
Banyakar also has on exhibition Califor
! nia and McKinley Banyakar.
| , The electricity with which the pavilion
is so orilliantly illuminated is generated
j by the Sacramento Electric, Gas and Rail
i way Company at Fol&om, twenty-two miles
I away.
l'eary'a expedition to the North Pole is
a unique exhibit by Weinstock, Lubin &
I Company. It is a realistic Artie scene.
with floating icebergs and floes of ice
, thickly peopled with little fur-clad people
I representing Esquimaux and members of
j the expedition. At one extreme of the
I picture a fight between a polar bear and
! an Esquimau is going on, while on a plu
nacle at the other end of the scene is a
small house with illuminated red win
dows, which represents Peary's head
qnarters.
Oa the pinnacle of an iceberg float the
stars and stripes, and at one period, while
there was an admiring crowd before the
scene, Cassasa's band happened to play
The Star-spangled Banner." The crowd
: applauded appropriately, and a voice was
j lifted up with these words: "Nansen ain't
in it."
The figures are seen to move on the ice,
and behind tnem a miniature ship rocks
on the waves of the cold ocean. At regu
lar intervals there is the red and yellow
j Hash of the aurora borealis over it ail.
Among the exhibits are bicycles almost
without number. One firm has a negro
dummy riding an old-fashioned wheel
with the rapidity of a coaster who is de
scending an angle of forty-live degrees
j Mr. Hayseed with his load of pumpkins
: is not m.ich in evidence at the fair vet.
He will arrive with the livestock next
week. But people who are looking for
i pumpkins need not go out to the race
track to be gratified.
They raaystep into the art gallery and
i see them on canvas. There is one canvas
I pumpkin there which looks natural and
ripe enough to fall into pies at the glance
of the beholder. There are also canvas
grapes and watermelons in the art gallery
beautifully garnished with canvas roses
and vines.
One of the most conspicuous exhibits in
the pavilion is made by the Buffalo Brew
; ing Company of Sacramento. It has an
octagonal pagoda, the sides and roof of
which are composed of bottled beer. The
liquid is highly illuminated by a'powerful
electric arc light inside.
; A unique hardware exhibit is made by
! Schaw, Ingram, Butcher <fc Co., and it is
i one of the largest in the pavilion. Water
is supposed to be flowing on a huge iron
wheel and through a race into a pond on
which floats a boat A bridge composed
of spirit levels, squares and other tools
! spans the race. The surface of t.ie make
j believe water is oilcloth.
A jelly booth sprang up to-day near the
I entrance to the department ot horticui
| ture and viticulture. The electric lights
; shining through it maue the jellies
resemble so many cups of colored crystal.
John Brenner has an elaborate exhibit
of furniture, showing all ihe departments
of a house furnished in "swell" fashion.
Lady visitors pause before the glittering
mirrors of this miniature drawing-room to
see if their hats are on straight.
The dairying exhibit is not yet ready for
inspection. When it is visitors at the fair
will see the latest improved dairy methods
in practical operation turning out cheese
cream and butter, with the line drawn at
oleomargarine.
An exhibit which runs along the walls
of one side of the galiery for nearly 100
feet is the ladies' department. Here every
thing in the needlework line may be seen
from highly ornamental designs in silk to
emDroideries on unmentionable articles of
lingerie.
By way of contrast and illustrating the
variety of exhibits at the fair are incu
bators hatching chickens and outdoine
nature. fa
A very artistic exhibit is spread on a
prominent corner In a gallery ot interest
ing displays. When Cassasa's band stops
; for a breathine spell, high grade pianos
! in the gallery fill in the interim with their
own music and claim the attention of the
crowd.
The Call booth occupies a prominent
corner on a main aisle of the lower floor
ihe stereotype plates and the sketches by
t^ALL artists are beheld by a continuous
How of spectators. The demand for "Call
j speaks for all" buttons has already much
exceeded the supply.
VALLEJO OFFICER
SHOT TO DEATH,
Watchman Toal Killed in a
Sanguinary Combat
at Night.
DUEL AT CLOSE RANGE.
Daniel Wynne, His Assailant, Is
Dying From a Bullet
Wound.
WEKE THE BEST OF FRIENDS.
Drunken Fury Incites the Attack
Upon the Unoffending PatroU
man.
VALLEJO, Cal., Bept. 2.—Nightwatch
man Frank Toal was shot and killed by
Dan T. Wynne, in front of J. W. O'Brien's
saloon on Georgia street, near the wharf,
at 1 o'clock this morninpr. The night
watchman, after receiving his death
wound, shot Wynne, inflicting a wound
almost identical to that received by him
self, and which will, without doubt, prove
fatal.
Several young men were in O'Brien's
saloon last night when Wynne entered the
place. He had been drinking and com
menced to argue with the others on one
subject and another, the principal topic
being the claim that one of them, named
Magee, was opposed to bis securing a fran
chise from the Board of City Trustees to
run a row boat ferry to the navy yard.
This Magee denied.
Wynne then turned his attention to the
bali-dozen other men in the saloon and
proposed to "clean them out." One re
marked that he was ready for Wynne, who
immediately turned about, and as he
passed out of the front doors, remarked
he. "would see about that."
Wynne was gone from ten to fifteen
minutes, his residence being a couple of
biocks distant. While he was away the
proprietor of the saloon went and stood in
the front door, Magee passing out and
going home. While he was standing in the
doorway Officer Toal came down Georgia
street from the City Jail, where he had
just picked up a young fellow for disturb
ing the peace. He paused for a moment
to chat, and on being told that Wynne
was drinking he replied: "That is too bad.
Dan is a good fellow when he is sober, but
when in liquor he is not himself. lam
afraid there will be trouble."
The officer then passed on down to
ward Georgia-street wharf, as it was his
custom at thafhour of the morning to
see that everything was all right at the
lower end of the street and about ttie
wharf. He was hardly out of sight before
O'Brien saw Wynne coming from the
direction of the northwest corner of Santa
Ciara and Georgia streets, Wynne's resi
dence being on Santa Clara street and
O'Brien's saloou in the Greeves building,
second door from Santa Clara street. In
Wynne's right hand, which was hanging
by his side, 0 Britn saw a revolver flash
ing in the rays from the street gaslight.
O'Brien, knowing the reputation of
Wynne for shooting while in liquor,
backed into the saloon and said to the
boys who were standing at the oar: "Look
out now for trouble. Wynne is coming
back with bis gun." O'Brien passed to the
rear of the saloon for a moment, and
while there Wynne entered. The first
person he encountered was a man named
Hurley, whom he hit a terrific blow with
the muzzle of the pistol over the fore
head, cutting a severe gash, which after
wards required a number of stitches to
bring it together. Hurley ran to the
room back of the saloon proper and
called for water to bathe his head.
O'Brien, having provided himself with
means for sell-defense, went up to Wynne,
who was flourishing his. weapon and de
claring that he was a second Jesse James,
and that he intended to kill them all.
O'Brien is nearly a head shorter than
Wynne, who is over six feet tall, but he
backed Wynne up against the casing of
the swinging noors and told him not to
make any disturbance in the place; if he
wanted to shoot any one to shoot him
first. Wynne attempted to push him
away, saying be wanted to have no
trouble with him, but that he was going
to shoot "Billy," the bartender.
Just then Officer Toal pushed the swing
ing doors open far enough lo look in. See
ing the pistol in Wynne's hand, he drew
back, the doors closing again. Wynne
saw the face of the officer, and believing
Toal had come to arrest him, leaped back
a pace and then sprang forward, pushing
the doors outward toward the sidewalk.
He fired one shot, which evidently missed
its mark.
O'Brien jumped through the doors to
the sidewalk to stop, if possible, the shoot
ing, as he knew the two men were friends
and neither of tern afraid of bullets. As he
reached the sidewalk he saw the two men,
equal in height, close together, each with
a pistol in his hand, the muzzle pressed
against the other's breast. He heard two
shots fired almost simultaneously and
heard Officer Toal exclaim :
"Dan, what have you done? You have
killed me, and I guess I have finished
youl"
Wynne fell back to the sidewalk and
Toale threw his arms around O'Brien a
moment and said :
"Send for a doctor and a prieat. I will
not last more than an hour."
He staggered about twenty-five feet
down the sidewalk and fell upon the steps
in front of Passalacqua's fruitstore with
out a sound. Wynne was lying on the
walk, groaning loudly and pleading to be
taken home. O Brien dashed into the
saloon and told tne men inside to come
out and help carry the wounded man in
sidfl. They first went to the officer, care
fully lifted him from the steps, carried
him into the saloon and laid him on a
billiard-table. They opened his shirt and
saw streams of blood running from a gap
ing hole in his back, from which the bul
let had emerged.
Wynne was then brought in and laid on
the floor a short distance from where the
officer was lying, with his life fast ebbing
away.
In a short time Dr. Carpenter arrived
and pronounced Toal's wound fatal, the
ball having entered about nine inches be
low the left nipple, passed through the
body, and come out about five inches be
low the right scapula. The condition of
Wynne seemed to b« about the same.
Shortly after the arrival of the surgeon
a young priest came from St. Vincent's
Church. He was none to early, for just
as be had concluded the sprinkling of tooly
water over the officer Toal slowly opened
bis eyes, and with a smiie on his lips
gasped slightly anl breathed his last.
In the meantime Wynne was writhing
upon the floor and upbraiding Toal for
snooting him. He uttered no regrets at
the death of the man but a few feet from
dim. Wynne was taken to bis home and
Officer Toal's boiy to Connelly's under
taking parlors, where to-da/ it was viewed
by many friends.
Toal was a native of the County Fer
mauaugh, north of Ireland, where his
parents, brothers and sisters reside. He
came to San Francisco about eight years
ago and for 3ome years was employed on
ihe Market-street cable road as a brake
man. His health failing, he came to V*l
lejo. and though a comparative stranger
was at once entraged by the City Trustees
as night watchman. He proved to be
brave and efficient.
Sureeons Vallejo and Anderson suc
ceeded about 10 o'clock this morning in
removing the bullet from Wynne's back,
but it is not believed that ne can recover.
A priest went to the home of Wynne
this afternoon and there offered prayers in
behalf of the wounded man. Wynne has
made his will. He is said to be worth
about 115,000.
The funeral of Officer Toal will take
piece on Friday under the auspices of the
Red Men, of which order he was a mem
ber.
PLEADS GUILTY OF MURDER.
Hugh McMillan Surprises Court Spec
tutor* at Sonora. ■
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 2.— There was
an astonished crowd in the Superior Court
at Sonora to-day when Hugh McMillan,
charged with the murder of O. Swan, late
of Sonora, but formerly of Stockton, con
fessed to his guilt-
The killing took place last June in tne
mountains back of Sonora. McMillan,
Swan and another man started out from
Sonora on a prospecting trip. Later
Swan's lifeless body was found by a party
of hunters, and McMillan was arrested on
suspicion of being one of the murderers.
There was absolutely no direct evidence
against him. To-day, to the amazement
of the court and the assembled spectators,
his attorney asfeed permission, at McMil
lan's request, to have the plea of not guilty
changed to one of guilty.
The court asked the prisoner if he fully
realized the situation. McMillan replied
that he did.
"Do you know,'' asked the court, "that
pleading guilty to a charge of murder in
the first degree, you may hang or be sent
to the penitentiary for life; or, if in the
second decree, to imprisonment for not
less than ten years or possibly to life im
prisonment?"
"Yes sir ; I killed him, of course," Mc-
Millan replied.
The prisoner is a powerful, intelligent
miner, but he trembled visibly as he stood
before the court and pleaued guilty to the
charge of murder. He showed that he
could no longer stand the strain of keep
ing his terrible secret.
The court adjourned after this confeeh
sion, and to-morrow the testimony of Mc-
Millan as to how he killed Swan will be
submitted. It is believed tbat Swan was
possessed of a considerable sum of money
and that robbery was the motive for the
crime.
DOFERS NAILS A CANARD.
Baa Received JSo Letter* of Instruction
from Chairman Banna.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 2.—Con
gressman W. W. Bowers of the Seventh
District has sent the following open letter !
to a newspaper at San Bernardino with a
request to publish:
Please permit me to say that the article first
appearing iv tne Examiner and widely copied
throughout the State stating that I had re
ceived letters from Mark Hanna and from '■
bankers in the East telling me I must not talk [
silver, etc.. and that I was going to denounce j
them on the stump is a fabrication from be
ginning to end. Mr. Copeland never said aiiv
thinß oi the kind. I have received no such >
letters, consequently am not called upon to
denounce anybody. The article was concocted
in Los Angeles, where, as you are aware, I
have some left-hnnried friends, particularly !
one newspaper which claims to be Republican I
but hasneverfailed to lend itself to help defeat
a part of the Republican ticket. It ia impos
sible to keep up with all the industrious cam
paign liars. Very truly yours,
W. W. Bowers.
Ferrall Tal/c.t at Santa Rnttt.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 2.— The free
silver campaign was opened here to-night
by Robert Ferrall of Baa Francisco. Ridg
way Hall was crowded by people of ail po
litical faiths gathered to welcome the elo
quent attorney, who is claimed by this
city as a former resident. The meeting
was presided over by Emmett Sewell, who
introduced Mr. Ferrall in a brief speech.
The address of the evening was enlivened
by sallies of wit and keen sarcasm, and
was on the whole the most able and enter
taining political effort so far heard here in
| this campaign. Governor Oates of Ala
j bama, who is visiting his brother, Attor
| ney John Oates, in this city, followed with
• a half-hour talk, which was frequently ap
plauded.
Always FIRST •
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
CONDENSED niLK
For 35 years the leading brand. It is the
Best and the most economical.
A PERFECT POOD FOR INFANTS
■5 m f f W/ vI" *- f i \
I "Pass Your Plate." - f
1 PLUG I
Prices of all commodities 5
5 ; have been reduced except tobacco* >
| " Battle Ax is tip to date.
I Low Price; High Grade; Delicious ?
> Flavor* For JO cents you get %
V almost twice as much Battle
C Ax" as you do of any other high £
? grade plug* 5
ml faff "^LmB
Is the light that will bring a gfeaT~Br«
• glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
I weak body can be made. Hndvan is for
1 man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
i wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
i Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
, it is. You can >:et it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials. -
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is th«
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
I men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
[ d^charee in twenty days. Cures LOST
i MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
; ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
i eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
j orates and tones the entire system. It is
I as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
| emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
! weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
j ped in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
i Hudyan costs no more than any other rem«
1 cdv. Send for circulars and testimonials.
| TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
I ous private disorders.- carries myriads of sora-
! producing storms. Tuen come sore throat, pimplaa.
I copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores anl
I falling hair. You can nave a trip to Ho: Spring*
' by using the great 30-day cure. Call or write for
80-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills St*.
, SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
! Redemption of Dupont- Si Bonds
rpREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AND COUNTY
\ JL of San Francisco, September 2, 1396. :v
Holders of Dupont-street Bonds issued under an
act of the State Legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorize the Widening of Dupont Street, in the
City of san Francisco," adopted March 23, 1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds, as provided by Section 13 of said act, at his
: office in the new City Hall, San Francisco, until
1 12 o'clock noon of TUESDAY, September 15,1898.
The amount to be applied to th»» redemption of
: said Bunds is, about ninety thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidders will state at . hat rate they
i will surrender their Bonds for payment, less
coupon." due. No proposals above par will be con-
sidered.
Bids to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." A. «-•. WIDBKH,
. City ana County Treasurer.
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
/Jt^. Weakness of Body and
fiCT\- Mind, Effects of Errors
Yv.K/|hJS or Excesses in Old or
jtffV^-^AWt Young. Robust, Noble
§j?\£j!xiY Manhood fully Restored.
Sfc*r/ >^ How to Enlarge and
HLJR \f S\ Strengthen Weak, Un-
<Wnffi9\tiV*^£«» developed Portions of
A3u>!rteir/ 2 *Sr\\ Body. Absolutely nn-
/ Y¥&!lssW<s\ luvl failing Home Treatment.
r/f^yi/inillliilJa —Benefits in 4 a day.
Men. testify from 60 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL GO.. Buffalo, N.Y.
I PBlMU^Vnil^re Throat, Pimples, Copper- m
B2jnfl?s TUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sor*>«, £1
I J«": ! Ulcers In Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOK, I
yiKEMEDY CO., SO7 Slnsonlc Temple, a)
ffi Chicago, 111., for proofs of . cures. Capl- S
■Jtul, $500,000. Worst cases oared In IS U
raj to 85 day. 100-page book, free. |I
gaggffvmcox COMPOUND .
TrANSY*P/£LS
— Safe and tore relief, never fail, others
n are Imitations. At all druggists. rite for
J|o Woman' $ Safeguard FJIEE WJLCOX iIEDI-
| " aß ™ cine Co., 22»50. Eighth, St., Fbilada., Pa,STOCKTON READY
FOR HER GUESTS,
Finishing Touches Being
Put Upon the Street
Decorations.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS
Joaquin Parlor's Splendid Work
in Preparing for the
Festival
SCCIETY AT A MINSTREL SHOW
The Admission Day Fund Swelled by
an Enormous Sale of
Tickets.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 2— Stockton
was in gala attire to-night. The long lines
of electric lights thatline Main street from
the railway depot to El Dorado street and
along that street to the Masonic Temple
were ablaze. They were red, white, blue
and gold, the golden color predominating.
Thousands of people witnessed the spec
tacle and none had aught but words of
praise for the committee on decoration
that had arranged the electrical display.
The dome of the Courthouse was also
lighted with its 1000 incandescent globes
ana the whole effect was wonderlully
beautiful.
Seldom have the streets of any city pre
sented a more pleasing spectacle than that
which met the eye of the promenader on
Main street to-night. Hundreds of pretty
women, all attired in light evening
dresses, all bound for the big performance
for the benefit of the carnival fund, were
passing. Beneath this blaze of many
colored lights the procession of fair ones
looked exceptionally pretty.
All day long the decorators were at work
placing bunting on the fronts of the prin
cipal Main-street stores, and to-night,
when the thousands of electric lights
were turned on, making the city bright as
day, the scene was decidedly an attractive
one and highly gratifying to those Native
Sons who have been urging the store
keepers to "put their best foot forward"
during the coming three days of Admis
sion day festivities.
The work of the various committees is
about ended, bo far as planning is con
cerned, and now the members are seeing
that their schemes are properly carried
out. The Native Sons and Pioneers will
be admitted free of charge to the ball in
Agricultural pavilion on the night of Sep
tember 9, but others will be taxed $2 each,
every tickei entitling a lady and gentle
man to admittance. The Native Daugh
ters will be out in force on that night.
They have long been preparing for the
event, and Joaquin Parlor No. 5, now
nearly 100 strong, will be there in a body.
Numbers have been added to the member
ship roll at every meeting held recently.
At that held last Friday night sixteen new
members were initiated and seven applica
tions for admittance to tbe parlor were re
ceived.
Miss Ida Sperry, the president, has been
laboring hanl for the success of the cele
bration, and hay been ably assisted by
Mr?. Mamie Mantuey, Mrs. Lena Miils,
Mrs. Grace Willy, Mrs. Belle Stockwell,
Mis* Hannah Gray, Miss Clara S'.oir, Miss
Fiorilla Campbell, Miss Ida Safferhill,
Miss Zetta Kohlberg, Miss Louise Gallup
a.id Mrs. Rebecca McConnell. These have
been most prominent in performing the
work of the various committees, but many
others in tbe parlor have lent helping
hands and will come in for their share of
the praise when all is over.
Among these are: Miss Emma Hilke.
Miss Ida Biaisdell, Miss Annie Adams
Miss Jessie Harris, Miss Julia Weber, Miss
Minta Smith, Miss Lena Nevin, Miss
Eliza Watts, Miss Belle Laogier, Miss An
nie Black, Miss Carrie Whiting, Miss Jes
sie Thrift, Miss Grace Loveland, Miss
Emma Adams, Miss Winnie Smith, Mrs.
Baker, Mrs. B. Webber, Mrs. Mapes and
Mrs. M. Dorr. All will take part in enter
taining the visiting Natives at the bead
quarters in the Courthouse on the Bth,
9th and ICth. The headquarters will be
kept open until after midnight each night
during the festivities.
Th^- fair ones who belong to Joaquin
Parlor have done much to make the com
ing affair a great success. When they
participate in the street parade, with their
dude hats, white duck dresses and white
parasols, they will make a splendid show
ing. The parlor is one of the oldest in
the organization of Native Daughters.
Its charter officers were: Past president,
Mrs. Belle Stockwell; president, Miss
Hannah Gray; first vice-president, Mrs.
Althea Hickman-Dunlav; second vice
president. Miss Kate Abramsky; third
vice-president, Miss Nellie Austin; re
Chairman Henry Adams of the Stockton Admission Day Press
Committee*
Native Daughters of Stockton Who Are Lending Valuable Assistance to Make the
Admission Day Celebration a Success.
j cording secretary, Miss Enmi Debnam;
i financial secretary, Miss Belle Grunsky;
j treasurer, Albertina Hickman; marshal,
Carrie O'Brien; inside sentinel, Maggie
Davis; outside sentinel, Emma Abramsky.
From the date of its formation interest
has never flagged, and mauy of those wfco
i helped to organize the parlor are prom
i inent in arranging for the celebration of
I next week.
Grand Marshal Nutter has everything
in readiness for the parade on the morn
ing of the 9th, an i he has been ably as
sisted by Major Frank Lane in his efforts
to make the pageant a success. There will
be seven immense floats in the line, and
there will be ten divisions of Native Sons,
each iieaded by bands, and many of tbe
parlors will have drum corps besides. One
parlor alone will bring a drum corps of
twenty-six, the largest that has ever par
aded in line of march in this State.
This is one of the Sacramento parlors,
which will be joined in coming here by
; the Woodland parlor. They will be given
j prominent positions in the parade.
Chairman Burres of the parade commii
j tee has about finished his several floats
that are to be features of the procession.
There will be another parade here on the
evening of the Bth, when the visiting
; Natives who arrive on the nieht train
I from San Francisco will be met at the
i railway depot and escorted through the
i main streets and to their various bead
i quarters by a torchlight procession
headed by Stockton Parlor, with plenty
of music.
To-morrow Chairman Henry Adams of
! the press committee will have an opening
I at the headquarters of the committee in
I the Yosemite Theater building, to show
j the general committee what arrangements
have been made by him. He has been .
one of the most enthusiastic workers
throughout the entire affair, and among
other things has secured enough liquid
refreshments in the way of wines and
brandies to care for a regiment.
The general headquarters, where the
reception committee will take its stand to
wait upon the visiting natives, has been
gorgeously decorated and will present as
attractive an appearance as any head
quarters ever provided at any former cele
bration of the Native Sons.
Arthur H. Wright, Charles Hutchinson
and Robert Inglis have charge of tbe bi
cycle meet at Goodwater Grove, that is to
occupy the time between 1:30 and 3:30 on
the afternoon of the 9th. They are having
the track put into condition for record
breaking, and on Sunday will have the
fifteen-ton steam-road roller belonging to
tbe city at work on the track to make it
hard as a concrete course. This they will
be able to do, as the track is one of tbe
best in the State, and it will be strange if
some recorda do not go by the board on
the afternoon of Admission day. The fol
lowing have been selected by the commit
tee to act as track officials: Referee, San
ford Piummer; starter. George P. Wet
more; judges, F. H. Kerrigan, George
Conroy, A. P. Swain ; timers, R. C. Len
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
nie, F. &. Butz, John Seybold ; clerk of
course, A. H. Wricht, assisted by F. J.
McKain and Otto Sal bach; scorers, Robert
Inu'lis, Horace Crocker, W. A. Biuelow;
announcer, C. L. Neumiller. Numbers of
wheelmen are hard at work training for
the various events.
At 3:30 o'clock the regatta will begin.
The >ingle-scull events and one of the
races for outrigeer skirls will come first
and then will come the senior barge race,
whicn is looked forward to with so much
interest by every one in this city and by
many San Franciscans.
The minstrel show in the Yosemite
Theater to-uight for the benefit of ihe
carnival fund of the celebration was the
social event of the Beason in Stockton.
Never before in the history of the
Yosemite Theater was every sent, both ur>
Btairs and down, taken before the evening
ing the performance. This morning not a
seat could be haa for love or money. Even
the aisles were crowded to-night and if the
police would have allowed camp stools to
be used these would have said at a pre
mium.
First came the minstrel part, and it was
one of the Dest ever enacted by burnt-corfc
artists, even those in me professional line,
in Stockton. Followng is the complete
programme, from which some idea may
be gleaned of the care taken to make the
affair a success:
Minstrel first part.
Interlocutor — Frank H. Goula.
Bones— A. L, Levinsky, Bert Lewis, Marsh
Lart<! and Major Frank E. Lane.
Tambos— Georee Youne. Charles Youne. Dr
F. P. Clark and Eugene Wilholt.
Introductory overture. ''Corral Valley Trip "
orchestra and minstrels.
Ballad, "Down on the Sand," H. Turtin
Comic song, "Oh. Mr. Austin," Bert Lewis
Ballad. "Tbe Song That Reached My Heart "
Comic song, "Lime Kiln Club," Charles
Young.
Ballad, "She May Have Seen Better Days "
Albert Parker.
Comic song, "Dat Hoodoo Black Coon,"
Marsh Ladd.
Ballad. "Farewell." R. P. Lane.
Comic Song, "Arrah, Go On," Geortre Youne
Ballad, "Time Will Come." E. R./Thonipson
Comic song, "Linda, Does You Love Me?" A.
L. Levinsky.
Olio.
Overture, "Poet and Peasant," Professor
Steele and Orchestra.
Paul Eichelroth, the clever magician.
Charles Youn£ in his lunny specialties and
parodies.
Pau; Eichelroth, assisted by Harry West
j Corporal H. Kroeckel, Privates Wollam, Eich-
I elberger, Jameson. Elliott. Minnenan and
Altenhofl, in hi» wonderful feat of catching
bullets.
Harry Turtin in his favorite Hawaiian songs
Grand Parisian ballet, Wtllerette Biglow
reene, premier danseuse, assisted by Misses
Daviserina. Karkeeks, Knhen, Yorkeen, Trilby
Davieerina, Melona and Vandettaeena.
This last number made one of the hits of
the evening, and in the ballet, as Van
dettaeena. were Justice yon Detten, who
weighs 230 pounds, and Carl Davis as Miss
Daviserina. who is 6 feet 4 inches in height.
The balance of the programme was as fol
lows:
Ira Ladd (the popular ballad singer), "Dream
of you". "The Black Uussarg." Captain Wil
liam Bruce, commander. Company A—Ser
geants Doll, Morrell and Wollam; Corporals
Colberg, Woods, G. Kroeckel and H. S. Elliott-
Private W. Wollam. Company B— Sergeants
Giovnness and Ferguson; Corporal Krieder-
Privates Kichelbsrger, Lockhea<l, Jack, Crow
ell and Lasneni.
Terminal City Quartet— Frank Long, first
tenor; William Denning, second tenor; M.
Marine, barytone, and Guy Livingston, tms*o
Orrin Sperry (the clever ventriluquist); Dom
Bernard (San Francisco's favorite barytone)
•Mother, Tell Me, Where is Minnie" (new)
Living pictures, by J. H. Harlan.
Overture, waltz, "Robin Hood," Professor
Steele and orchestra.
The entertainment concluded with an
original farce without a plot, an act or a
laugh written hy Arthur Levinsky and
entitled, "The X ray." The cast was a
follows:
Prof egsor Good Thing a. L. Levinsky
Chain Ughtnlng Billy Bigeiow
I'm-a-Comin' Fred P. Clark
Ole Silurian Albert C. Parker
Present Hard limes Herbert de Lacuna
Just a Kicker. Ben W. Lewis
Future Good Times Eugene L. Wilhott
The Black Hussars made a great hit by
their fancy drilling. All were members
of the local militia companies and were
warmly applauded for their work. Paul
Eichelroth's imitation of Hermann's
trick of catching a bullet fired at his head
was also well received, and when the farce
written by Arthur Levinsky wasproduced
the audience was convulsed. The show
netted the carnival committee a hand
some sum.
Major Gus Grant, was the prime mover
in the affair and was largely instrumental
in making the entertainment the success
it proved to be.
J'irr at Salinas-
SALINAB, Cal., Sept. 2^— Fire broke out
at noon to-day in Uncapher's livery stable
on Main street. The building, a large two
story frame structure, was enveloped in
flumes before the fire department arrived.
The horses and carriages were all removed,
but the barn and the hay and grain it con
tained were destroyed. The loss to the
t'ncapher estate is $2000; insurance, $1000.
RIVAL GAMES OF
CHRIS AND SAM,
Buckley's Convention Will
Smoothly Register
His Will.
HOW THE SLATE READS.
But Sam Rainey Can't Make
His Work Smoothly and
Trouble Brews.
M'NAB HAS TROUBLES, TOO.
The Junta Campa gn Committee Fac
tions Are at War Over the Com
ing Convention.
To-night at B'nai B'rith Hall the
Buckley faction of the local Democracy
will hold the first session of its municipal
convention and begin the process of
framing the municipal ticket which will
be used as the basis of the legal contest to
determine which faction is, under the law,
entitled to the regular heading, "Demo
cratic," on the ballot.
At to-night's meeting the usual conven
tion committees and some extra ones will
be appointed. One committee will be ap
pointed to recommend nominations for
Supervisors and another committee will
be charged with reporting a ticket of
School Directors. The convention will
probably adjourn for twenty-four hours to
allow the platform committee a respecta
ble time to report the platform, which is
now ready for submission to the com
mittee.
Under the law the 13th inst. is the first
day when a party ticket may be filed with
the Registrar, who is required to accept or
reject it promptly. The Buckleyites will
have their ticket ready on that day. It
will be rejected by Mr. Hinton and a writ
of mandamus will be at once asked of the
Supreme Court by the committee of at
torneys which has charge of the case.
That delayed and daily expected Su
preme Court decision as to whether the
county officers in this City and county
hold their offices for four years injects a
feeling of uncertainty into the situation
all around, but the Buckleyites are going
vigorously ahead with the preparation of
a full ticket, and the big headquarters on
Ellis street are nightly crowded by aspir
ants for office and by the loyal "pu3h."
The executive committee met last even
ing, with M. J. Donovan ia the chair, and
canvassed the primary election returns,
and Christopher A. Buckley held his usual
rear-room levee.
The first kick against Buckley's author
ity developed last evening over the
making of James C. Neaion the chair
man of the convention. It was caused by
the sort of love and admiration with
which some BucKleyites regard Neaion, it
is true, but nevertheless it was a rebelli
ous thing to do. The ex-Assessor is an old
friend of Buckley's and has been promi
nent in the affairs of the faction. Buckley
decided to put him on the slate for chair
man and then kickers began trotting
quickly to Chris. Buckley wouldn't rub
Nealon's name off the slate and the kicks
began to float, around outside and to be
come threats to openly oppose Nealon's
election in the convention. Attorney
Charles J. Heggerty is one of the candi
dates of the anti-Nealon people. If Neaion
remains on the slate there may be some
fun over the chairm anship.
The slate is decided upon so far, as it
presents Dr. Stantou for Mayor, Fleet F.
Strother for Auditor, M. C. Haley for
County Clerk, Thomas J. Glynn for Re
corder, Colonel John O' Byrne for District
Attorney and W. F. Humphreys for City
and County Attorney, but some other of
fices are still awaiting decision. E. T.
Mills wants to be Tax Collector and is
much talked of for the office, but there are
others in the field. Thomas Ashworth,
who doesn't appear to have secured any
prominent place on the slate yet, is talked
of as a possible candidate for Treasurer.
Thomas J. Ford, the ex-School Director,
Is looked upon as the winner of the nomi
nation for Superintendent of Streets, but
John Morton.the contractor, Dauiel Sheer
in and others are pursuing it. The nomina
tion for County Surveyor will probably go
to either John M. Curtis or Charles Hol
coinb. There is a bit; crop of candidates
for Supervisors and School Directors.
When the retnrns from the Seventeenth
Senatorial District were canvassed last
night it was found that Thomas F. Egan
of the Twenty-ninth Assembly District
was credited with six votes more than hia
rival, "Larry" Buckley, of the Twenty
eighth District. In Egan's district eight
of the 975 votes cast had been found to be
mutilated and wore thrown out, giving
Egan 967, the entire vote. Buckley's
friends say that toe eight votes thrown
out were votes for Buckley, which some
how got past the Inspector. In the
Twenty-eighth Buckley's friends counted
only the 961 votes in the box, none of
which were !or Egan. As the only reason
Buckley's vote was not heavier was that
the supply of ballots gave out early and
many people were thus restricted in tneir
voting privileges it will be seen how a
fateful little accident may determine the
career of a statesman. Buckley filed a
contest last night and may proceed to kick
up trouble. His friends, who could not
provide ballots enough to give him the
nomination, could yesterday Hardly look
him in the face, although they were quite
used to it.
SAM RAINEY'S CONVENTION
The Junta Is tn a Row Over the
Way to Appoint It.
The municipal convention that Sam
Rainey and Gavin McNab are going to
operate alongside of Buckley's looms into
view about ten days distant and some
thing serious can be already seen to be the
matter with it.
Sam Rainey is understood to be a little
ashamed to display his convention along
side of that of his old partner. The con
vention that Chris has about fashioned
with the exception of appointing tbe
mover of adjournment at the end will be
"built like a watch" and run a smooth
course with a master for cnief engineer.
But Sam can't get the pesky thing to
work just right. He wiil control it along
with his new partner, Ed Lanigan. the
risine young boss, and will get the nomi
nations for patronage offices all right, but
there will be lots of hot journals and some
breakdowns.
The Junta people are expecting a merry
row to-night at the meeting of tbe cam
paign committee, when an effort to adopt
a plan and fix a time for the Junta munici
pal convention will be made. It is gener
ally agreed that the convention will be
called for either the 13th or 14th inst.
The Junta does not believe in primary
elections or in meetings of the general
committee. It is too ticklish a thing for
the bosses to let control out of their hands
for a few hours. The convention will be
composed of tne general committee of
450, to which a number of delegates at
large will be added. The naming of these
delegates at large involves power in the
convention, and as the Junta is torn up
into bitter factions the naming of these
additional delegates is a cause of trouble.
The campaign committee of twenty will
decide everything about the plan of the
convention. Boss McNab wants 200 at
large added. Rainey and Lanigan want
100. Another faction in the committee,
some times called the "anarchists" because
they will not be controlled by either Mc-
Nab or Rainey, want 150 appointed.
Rainey and Lanigan, though controlling
a majority of the General Committee,
have but four votes in the campaign com
mittee — Joseph P. Hayes, Captain Fitz
patrick, J. N. Much and Thomas Haskins.
McNab has himself, Chairman Sullivan,
M. C. Hassett, J. F. Butler, P. J. Harney.
A. A. Watkins, George T. Marye and T.
Donovan. Sam Braunhart has "been in
duced to leave the "anarchists" and sun
port the McNab programme, giving Mc-
Nab nine votes as the measure of dic
tatorial power he and Chairman Sullivan
can wield. The seven independents are
Secretary John F. McGovern, W. J. Gavi
gan, M. Tierney, Peter Quinn, J. O'Don
neli, R. L. Mann and George Love. No
faction has a majority and the constitu
tion requires fourteen affirmative votes
"to institute any nominating conven
tion." There is thus a probability that
the "anarchists" will compel a com
promise on their own plan to add 150 to
the 450.
McNab some time ago wanted the dele
gates at large named by the whole com
mittee that he might dictate a majority of
them, but now he has been forced to con
cede to each member of the committee
his pro rata share of the appointments.
The constitution prohibits any Federal,
State or municipal employe from sitting
as a member of a nominating convention,
and tbere are about seventy such inelig
ible members in the general committee.
Such members are to name their substi
tutes themselves. McNab and Sullivan
want these individual appointments sub
ject to confirmation by the campaign
committee and there may be a row over
thai.
Out of it all will come an appointed con
vention, in which Sam Rainey will get
about what he wants, tiving the other
factions some of the offices that there is
nothing in tor him.
MAGUIRE'S OWN MEETING.
Mass-Meetings at All County Seats
on the 12th Inst.
Congressman James G. Mapuire will
open his Congressional campaign in tbe
Fourth District at a mass-meeting to be
held at Metropolitan Hall next Saturday
evening, at which Mr. Maguire will be the
principal speaker.
The State Democratic campaign of the
interior will be opened on the night of the
12tn inst. with mass-meetings to be held
at every county seat in the State and pos
sibly at some other places. The speakers'
committee met at the State headquarters
last night and considered the assignment
of speakers for the 12th inst.
WAS TWICE BALKED.
W. T. Guesg, a Colored Man, Arrested
on Charges of Attempted Crimi
nal Assault.
Two charges of attempted criminal as
sault were booked at the City Prison last
night against W. T. Guess, a young col
ored man.
About ten days ago he called at the room
of Mrs. Edna Wallace, 15^ Turk street, a
manicure artist, pretending he had a note
for her. While she was adjusting her
spectacles he grabbed her by the throat
and threatened to kill her if she made a
noise. He attempted to assault her, but
she fought with him and finally succeeded
in getting away from him. She ran
screaming downstairs aud Guess made his
escape.
Two days ago he returned to the house
and made an attempt to assault Minnie
Morgan, who occupies a room adjoining
Mrs. Wallace's. Mrs. Wallace heard her
screams and ran to her assistance.
The police were notified, and last night
while the two women were with Detective
Ben Bohen on Market street they saw
Guess, and Bohen arrested him.
Held, at Lot Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 2.— J. T.
Butler, alias Frank Tilman of Los Gatos,
who passed two forged checks on A. 3.
Cass, a stove and tinware dealer here, last
March, was examined this afternoon be
fore Police Judge Morrison and held to an
swer to the Superior Court. Bail was fixed
at $3000 on the first count and $5000 on the
second.
SHOULDER-HITS
AND WILD SWINGS
A Fistic Bill of Fare Pre
sented by the Colma
Club.
A FINISH AND A DRAW
Agnew Whipped Akers in a
Sharp and Spirited
Contest.
PEPPERS A EOT -STUFF MAN.
Ste zner Was Dazed in the Seventh
Round, but His Opponent Was Too
Weak to Knock Him Out.
The interest in sports pugilistic is evi
dently great, judging from the large gath
ering of people who witnessed the enter
tainment of the Colma Athletic Club last
evening at the Grove-street Theater.
Last Friday evening the Occidental Club
gave a fistic entertainment which was wit
nessed by 5000 people of divers classes of
society.
Captain Wittman stopped the first bout
of the evening in the second round. It
was to be a four-round bout between Gus
Longreen, a Swede, and Jack Hall of this
City.
The Swede was game, but his knowledge
of the art of self-defense was very meager,
and to save him from being cut to pieces
the captain ordered the bout stopped.
The second contest was a ten-round bout
between Billy Akers of this City and Lon
Aenew of St. Louis. The men weighed in
at 140 pounds. Agnew is quite a clever
fellow and impressed the knowing ones as
being a top notch of the class he repre
sents. He fought in a very cool and de
liberate manner and outgeneraled his
opponent in all points of the game.
The eighth round between Stelzner and
Peppers was tolerably interesting. Con
siderable wild slogging was indulged in,
yet Peppers, who was handicapped fifteen
pounds in weight, made a very good bat
tie and would certainly have whipped his
opponent in the seventh round, when the
latter was traveling on queer street from
the eff cts of a right-hand punch on the
jaw, had he possessed the necessary
strength to administer a knock-out dlow.
The figh's are given in rounds as follows:
Akers and Agnew:
First round— Akers, although a much
smaller man than his opponent, had all the
best of the round, forcing the pace and hitting
Agnew quite frequently with lett and right in
the face.
Second round — Agnew opened by planting
two heavy rights on Akers' jaw, but the latter
warmeil Agnew's neck with two heavy swing
ing rights immediately following. The round
was give and take until Agnew caught Akers
on the point oi the jaw and brougut him to
his knees. Akers was up quickly, but re
mained in a dazed condition until the end ot
the round. Agnew was fresh when the round
ended.
Third round— Agnew had all the best of it,
but he was unable to land on Akers' jaw be
cause of the clever ducking of the latter. It
looked very much like Agnew's fight, as
Akers poor condition commenced to tell on
him.
Fourth round — Akers' blows were very weak
and his mouth was bleeding freely from the
smashes he had received. Agnew wjs cer
; tainly holding a strong lead and fighting
I coolly and determinedly.
Fifth round— This settled Akers' hash. Ag
new timed his game well, and aftei delivering
to his opponent six straight left-hand blows in
the fnce and mouth Akers dropped to the floor
a whipped man. Akers was far from being in
condition for a hard tignt, but he battled
gamely and received quite an ovation when
he retired from the ring.
Henry Peppers of Los Angeles, weight
162 pounds, and Jack Stelzner of Chicago,
170 pounds, fought an eight-round con
test. Spider Kelly was behind Peppers
and Jimmy Carroll squired Stelzner. The
betting was $10 to $8 in favor of Stelzner.
The referee selected was Joe Choynski,
and he received great applause when he
made his appearance in the ring. The
master of ceremonies, Billy Jordan, said
that the contest was to be eight rounds,
with the privilege of one or two extra
rounds if occasion reqnired it.
First round— The game was give and take,
but Peppers caught Stelzner one or two leit
swings on the neck winch staggered the Chi
cago man. Stelzner came up with a rush near
the end of the round and kept Peppers back
by a good right uppercut on the chin.
Second round— Peppers played for Stelzner
to lead, with the object of crossing him with
his n^ht, but Stelzner was up to snuff and re
mained off and allowed Peppers to do the
leading. Some wild swings were indulged in
by both men, and Stelzner received a hearty
cheer because of iiis clever ducking. Peppers
was still waiting for a cross.
Third round— Stelzner got in a good right in
Peppers' stomach, and the latter showed signs
of distress for a second. He finally dashed at
Stelzner, and, swinging jnrild, he missed three
smashes at Ste\zner's head. There was con
siderable dancing and fiddling in this round
with few good blows landing. Honors were
about evenly divided.
Fourth round— Peppers feinted with the left
and landed a right swing on Stelzner's jaw.
Then some more fiddling and dancing result
ed, and finally Stelzner landed a right swing
on Peppers' breast. Peppers caught Stelzner a
bad smash in the stomach as the Chicago pu
gilist tried to reach Peppers' jaw with a left
swing. Stelzner landed two good rights in
Peppers' face just before the round ended.
Fifth round— Lots of fancy work indulged in
at long range before a biow was struck.
Stelzuer was ilrst to land a har.i right smash
on Peppers' jaw. then a hot mix up followed.
Peppers dropped Stelzner to the floor in a
sharp rally witn a right on the jaw, ami when
Stelzner came too he charged at Peppers and
knocked him d >wn with a right in the mouth.
It was give and take to the finish, both fighters
being well tired when the gong sounded.
Sixth round— The round was tame. The
pugilist? had bellows to mend and remained
off at good range until the sound for corners
came.
Seventh round — Stelzner came up fresh and
banged Peppers frequently, but the latter
caught Steizner a hard right swing on the
point of the chin and dazed him. Peppers
was too weak to knock S;elzner out when the
latter was all but gone. Stelzner finally came
to his senses and warded off his opponent until
the gong sounded the finish. This was the
most exciting bout of the eveniug.
The eighth and last found was tame in com
parison to the rounds that preceded it. The
pugilists fiddled around each other without
striking a blow until a minute before the gong
sounded, when Stelzner lauded a right swing
on Peppers' forehead.
The referee announced the contest a
draw, and the big crowd dispersed, appar
ently well satisfied with the evening.^ en
tertainment.
Among tne interested spectators were
Detective I. W. Lees, Chief Crowley and
two ladies, who said they were delighted
with the sports of fisticuffs.
GREEN AND TRACY.
Excellent Reason for Belief That
They Will Come Together In
This City Soon.
"Young Mitchell" is jubilant, for he has
at last managed to match two men who
he believes will put up a rattling good con
test. These two men are Tommy Tracy
and George Green, who are deemed to be
very evenly matched men by the sporting
profession.
At least there is excellent reason for be
lief that the new Occidental Club will
match the two men. Yesterday Manager
Hockins sent a telegram from Chicago
stating that Tracy would start for tlm
City as soon as a ticket was sent him.
Green is perfectly willing to sian articles'.
William Dailey said last evening that
arrangements for Tracy's transportation
would be made at once.
LOS ANGELES-INTO LAKE LINE.
Business Men Have Several Routes Under
Consideration.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 2.— There is
a settled conviction among the business
men of this city that the Salt Lake-Los
Angeles railroatl project is not only feasi
ble but an exceedingly important one.
The committee of the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association has several
routes under consideration. Bishop Tay
lor is supplying the information.
If this line is built to a connection with
the Southern California railway system at
Barstow it will be 440 miles long. " If built
to a connection with the Atlantic ana Pa
cific Raiiway &i Ludlow it will be 400
miles in length. If built to a connection
with the Nevada Southern at Manvel it
will be 315 miles long. Any of these con
nections w uld give access to Southern
California. The distance to Los Angeles
from Salt Lake by the several routes would
be:' Via Manvol, 8-J6 miles; via Morongo,
821 miles; via Ludlow, 817 miles; via. Bar
stow, t<o3 miles. T. c distance irom Salt
Lake to Los Angeles by the existing routes
over the Central Pacific Railway' via Og
den, Sacramento and Lathrop Is 1225
miles, so the saving in distance by the
new line would be about 400 miles.
The Parker Will Contest.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 2.— Judge Rey
nolds to-day denied the motion for a con
tinuance in the contest of the will of
George H. ParKer, deceased, and the work
oi selecting a jury was commenced. It was
stipulated in court that the depositions of
Clayton Elchn, £. D. Lathrop ana Jane
Culver of Hartford, Conn., coula be taken
on behalf ot contestant and offered ia
evidence at any time during tne trial.
The proponents were granted leave to take
the deposition of Jane Pomeroy in re
buttal.
Russian railways have ladies' smoking
carriages.
hew to-dat:
rlr snaps
i B^V
0.25 DINNER SET
*-* complete for 6 persons, 94 pieces.
6.75 DINNER SET
complete for 12 persons, 100 pieces.
Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware.
475 DINNER SET
Decorated, for 6 persons, 54 pieces.
7.75 DINNER SET ,
• Decorated, for 12 persons, 100 pieces
Guaranteed Very Best Quality.
PRETTY DECORATION.
Will Cost You Double where-
SEE THEM.
FPI TIT ( 45c er Doz - Pint
1 IVIJI * ) 55c per Doz. Quarts.
IADC > 75c per Doz. Half Gallons.
Ot\t^&. {. 30c per Doz. Jelly Glasses.
Great American Importing Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. ' 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. :: : 3006 Sixteenth st.
mi Montgomery «v«. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
S» Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
13 1 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., Alameda.
Electioneering
WWHllHirfinm— MTl for National
_^_ M ,^ JWJJTO^_. J .. M issues and a
Bf^fif^arft^iaaKSFfr'y'-iffl National tic-
ket should
not cause tha
voters of Cal-
ifornia to for-
get local in-
terests ; the
welfare of the
State de-
pends on the
success of
t local indus-
tries, like the
manufacture
°' •..•..
"STANDARD"
SHIRTS.
5000
Field -Grown From Spring Cuttings
by an -Experienced Eastern Florist.
11 VARIETIES :
As follows:
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McOovran,*)
Willam .Scott, 1 ■ Sliver Spray. I ,„. 
Day Break, !t>i,,i, Uinsies White, (-white.
Tidal Wave, 1 " 11 - white Wing, I
Grace Wilder, J Gold Kincn, Gold, Yellow.
American Flag— Striped.
These plants are well-grown for Win-
ter bloom, and 'will be sold to the
trade at reasonable rates.
T.G. ARMSTRONG & SON
FLORISTS, ETC., .'
Rose Aye. Nurseries.
Addr ss:
Mills College P. P., Alameda Co.. Cal.
DOCTOR COOK
, The greatest of mod-
f)(lw^^\. era specialists, corrects
Sm'ft ■&»-&. *^ e errors oi youth and
-i«u7 f^\T 'removes, their evil ef-
t The from men of all
era specialists, corrects
the errors of youth and
removes their evil ef-
fects from men of all
ages; frees them for-
>*X! *3*nT ever from the miseries
■f!!mms& of Lost or Failinc Man-
~"*r ■ T^" 'f ,' hood, Impotency, Vital
Drains, Night Emissions, Sleeplessness,
Nervousness, Pimples, Bashfulness, De-
spondency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition
and similar symptoms. Ha also cures
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stricture, Sypnilis,
Varicocele, Hydrocele and all other signa
of physical, mental and sexual debility or
decay. Careful attention given to every
form of female complaint, and to ail-
ments of toe Heart, Lungs, Liver, Stom- .
ach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary or«
gans of both sexes. Piles, Fistula, Rup-
ture and Chronic Catarrh a specialty. The
worst cases solicited and positive cures
guaranteed. Write if you cannot call, as
the doctor's system of home treatment by
mail is always satisfactory. Office hours,
9t012 a. m.. 2to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
nnnTflß mm 565s 65 market street,
UUu lUn bUUR, ojjp. Powell, B. F., Call
56
THURSDAY . ...SEPTEMBER 3. 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDdE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free*
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1»
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 .... 0.00
Dally aDd Sunday Call, el x months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally aDd Bunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Cam,, one year, by mall 1.60
Weicxly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going- to the country on a vacation If
■•, It la do trouble for us to forward TUB CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
mils It. ' Oideis given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE >
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Mala— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Trltpbrae Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:30 o'clock.
338 Hayes street; open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
until 9 o'clock. £ji i "-.. '■'■ '>•
2618 Mission street open until 9 O'clock.
118 Kiath street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICBt
008 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT—
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB TICF-PKMIDENT-
GARRET A. BOBART. of New Jersey
*XKCTION NOVEMBER S, 1896.
See the home industries at the Pavilion.
The Mechanics' Fair gives a local object
lesson on the need of protection.
The latest thing for the Popocrats to
dodge is the news from Vermont.
Every one who can afford it should see
the State Fair and learn what California
can do.
v Bryan draws crowds well enough, bnt
the news from Vermont shows that he
doesn't draw voters worth a cent.
The vast resources of California afford
abundant opportunities to industry, but it
takes a protective system to make the in
dustry profitable.
As Bryan refused to talk about the Ver
mont election, it seems he does occasion
ally have temporary aberrations into the
wisdom of silence.
Sacramento snows much and the -Me
chanics' Institute Fair shows much, but
tbe Stockton festival will show the best
products of the State.
What with the State Fair, tbe Me
chanics' Fair, the campaign and the prep
arations for Admission day all California
is active in every energy.
By the time the campaign is over Mr.
Watson will have ceased to regret that
Sewall would not pive way to him and let
him get on the ba:id-wairon.
The moral effect of the Vermont election
will be felt everywnere in ihe Union and
Democrats are now hoping Arkansas will
counteract it with an immoral effect.
The Indianapolis convention is not ex
pected to give the gold Democrats a plat
form to stand on but an air cushion to sit
as a change from the barbed wire fence.
The home industries displayed at the
State Fair and the Mechanics' Pavilion
are good object lessons for tbe cause of
protection as every one recognizes who
sees them.
There yet remains to be written some
explanation by the Democrats of how they
expect workingmen to profit by free silver
tinder a free-trade system that deprives
them of work.
Every workingman knows his work was
more steady and his wages better under
tbe Republican tariff than under Demo
cratic conditions, and for that reason they
will vote for McKinley.
That the farmers of Vermont clearly
anderstand tbe situation- is made evident
oy the way they voted, and there is no
ioubt that farmers in other parts of the
:ountry understand it equally well.
An American tariff is a tariff that yields
ibundant revenues to the Government
md protects American industry. Any
ather tariff is distinctly un-American, be
cause it is adverse to American welfare.
If Thomas V. Cator feels any interest in
nis chances to become United States Sena
!or he had better see to it that the Demo
:rats do not fuse tbe Populists into noth
ingness on the legislative tickets this year.
According to the Textile Manufacturers'
Tournal about 80 per cent of the textile
nachinery of the country is idle, and with
men a showing is it any wonder the
jeople have had hard times under Demo
rratic conditions?
The Republican movement is one that
Rill set the mills running, put money into
:irculation, give employment to labor
nake a home market for farm products
tnd break up everywhere the stagnation
vhich Democracy has brought upon the
:ountry.
Joseph Pulitzer recently told an inter
riewer: "There is not tho remotest shadow
»f a chance that free silver can ever be
some a reality in the United States with
•ut international agreement," and every
»ody knows that Pulitzer is a lightning
ralculator.
In their efforts to induce the Populists
o fuse with them iv the counties the
Democrats are playing the same trick as
n the Congressional districts. Wherever
here is a chance to win the Democrats
rill get in, and wherever the chances are
he other way the Populists will be al
owed to take them.
A study of the exhibits at tbe Pavilion
fill convince any intelligent man that all
California needs to establish her industrial
-rosperity is a protective system that will
nable her to develop her natural re
ources and manufacture her raw material
nder conditions that will permit the pay*
lent of the present high rate of wages and
ieid a profit to the producer.
COMMEECE DEMANDS IT.
For the first time sdicc the Civil War the
Jmi rican people have nitne.ssed the calami
tous consequences of full and unrestrained
Democratic control of the Government. It has
been a record of unparalleled incapacity, dis
honor and disaster. In administrative man
agement it has ruthlessly sacrificed hutiipeti
sable revenue, entailed an unceasing deficit,
eked out ordinary current expense* with bor
rowed money, piled vp the public debt by
jt6t,oQQ t m in time of peace, forced an adverse
balance of trade, kepi a perpetual menace
Imaging over the redemption fund, panned
American credit to alien syndicates and re
verted all the measures and results of success
t'"l RepuWean rule. In the broad effect of
its policy it has precipitated panic, blighted
industry and trade with prolonged depression,
closed factories, reduced work and wages,
halted enterprise and crippled American pro
duction uhile itiimtating foreign production
for the American market. Every considera
tion of public safety and individual interest
demands that the Government shall berescucd
from the hands of those who have shown
themselves incapable of conducting it with
out disaster at home and dishonor abroad,
and shall be restored to ihe party which for
thirty y ears administered it with vnequaled
success and prosperity. — JRepublican National
Platform.
Tbe above is a recital of facts and not a
declaration of principles. It is intended
to call public attention to tbe difference
in results accruing to the country under
Republican and under Democratic admin
istrations. The iramers of the Republi
can platform did not deem it necessary to
KO into detail, because every one knows
by sad experience the mistake that was
made when the Democratic party was per
mitted to lay its hands upon the machin
ery of the Government.
It is very true that the Democracy has
had only two years of unrestrained con
trol since ISCO, but in those two years it
folly demonstrated that it is utterly in
capable of grasping the meaning of the
principles of our Government. It is not
said nor is it claimed that tbe Democratic
party was willfully dishonest during the
two years that it was supreme in the exec?
utive and legislative departments of the
Government, but it is charged, and the
Democracy itself furnishes the proof, that
its management ot tbe public affairs of
the Nation for two years came very near
bankrupting every business enterprise in
the country, to say nothing of increasing
the public debt, including tbe interest
that tbe people are pledged to cay, by
over $500,000,000.
There is no politics in pointing out the
failure of tbe Democratic party to give the
country a wise and prosperous administra
tion. Business is not politics, but it makes
a good deal of difference to business what
kind of political principles are applied by
the Government in conducting the public
affairs of tbe people who do the business
of the country. Tbe suspension of busi
ness over tbe country and tbe euormous
loss to individuals thereby during the last
two years is the legitimate outcome of
blundering on the part of tbe Democracy.
At no time has President Cleveland been
able to meet tlie requirements of the pub
lic's demand upon the Government for
commercial safety and encouragement,
and hence commerce reduced its opera
lions to the minimum, not because there
was not enough business to do, nor be
cause there was a scarcity of money, but
commerce and money lost confidence in
the ability of the Democracy to give them
the needed protection.
It is for these reasons that the Republi
can platform recites the facts as they have
been proven by Democracy itself, and,
moreover, to call the attention to another
fact, whicn is that the Democracy's past
history dues not warrant commerce, in
dustry or agriculture in believing that it
would oe any different if that party were
intrusted with their affairs for another
term. Business cares nothing about poli
tics or men. but it does demand satis
fying assurance that it will have whatever
protection and safe conduct it may need
at the hands of the Government as it
moves up and down the channels of trade
and trafiic.
The Demo'ratic platform contains the en
tire free-trade declaration, which is to
cheapen everything, and on every stump Oiey
declare that free coinage will raise price*.
How we arc to have vrosperity by both raising
and reducing prices it a problem which only
Democratic statesmen can solve. The>; say
we need a change in our money system.
What xre need is v change of parties and poli
cies. We want a man M the White Jlouse
who will not viake it an academy of object
letmmt itor an experiment station, but who
nill vphold the long-tried policies of the
country. — Senator Lodge.
A GREAT EXHIBIT.
San Francisco's Industrial Exposition
is the best proof that could be submitted
of the variety of the products of Califor
nia. It would be a surprise to those who
are not already familiar with the facts to
know that there are articles on exhibition
in the exposition hall in variety so end
less as to suggest the thought that the
whole world had been drawn upon to fur
nish material for the display. Yet it is
true that there is not a product of field,
mountain, factory or shop there on exhi
bition that is not a native of California,
and the Californian who fails to ro and
see for himself will have but little idea of
the possibilities of his State in the ma
terials of trade, commerce and industry.
It will be admitted that the first pur
pose of exhibiting the various products of
the State in Exposition Hall is as Presi
dent Denicke said in his address of wel
come when the doors were thrown open,
"The object of this is thoroughly to ad
vertise Lome products and educate our
citizens in the various and many indus
tries of the State." Bat there is an edu
cational feature of the effort which is not
to be forgotten. As our own people come
to realize what opportunities California
offers to capital aud to homeseckers they
will grow enthusiastic and every one will
bceome an immigration agent, in so far as
his correspondence with friends outside
tbe State is concerned. Such efforts to
present the excellence of the State in
truth to the world by giving practical and
substantial evidence of its mighty and far
reaching advantages for profit ana pleas
ure Are deserving the gratitude of every
one who is interested in California's pros
perity.
The orator of the occasion, Mr. J. D.
Phelan, summed it all up when he said:
"Of cours*. before everything else, the
chief element in a city's prosperity must
be the profitable employment of her in
habitants, which means a market for their
productions at home or abroad." The raw
material would not avail the people any
thing without mill and factory to convert
it into mercnantable articles, nor can San
Francisco reach creat proportions as a
commercial ana financial center until in
dustrial enterprises are planted where raw
material may be most conveniently
reached. It is of no great consequence
where in the State capital erects factories
and mills, for as the State grows so grows
her own metropolis, San Francisco. Tne
State could not have business expansion
without San Francisco participating in it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
to her advantage, and so the gentlemen
wno bring together from year to year such
evidences of California's greatness as may
be seen in Exposition Hall are planting
seed that will grow and spread, and nil tbe
State will surely reap harvests of pros
perity. No one should fail to visit this
exhibit of California's wide range of
products. __^_________
Should the Populist candidate be elected he
v(, 'ild find himself face to face with a deficit,
with an empty treasury, with a dishonored
and discredited currency. The gap could not
be filled with silver. Tliey would have to turn
on the printing presses and flood the country
with an inflated paper currency. — Senator
Lodge. __________
FOR THE GOOD OF THE COUNTRY.
Said Major McKinley to a delegation of
West Virginia editors: "Nothing is of
greater moment to the welfare of the
country than the adoption of a policy
which will give to labor and capital con
stant employment with fair returns. But,
gentlemen, lying beneath all these, and
more important than all these, is tho
preservation of law and order — the reign
of domestic quiet. These are embraced in
the contention which ia upon us this year.
It is not merely the success of mdiv iduals
or party, but the flood of the country it
seeks, and it is in that spirit, animated
only by patriotic sentiment, that I wish
always to constantly speaJk and act."
Tne spirit of patriotism which moved
Major McKinley to thus address himself
to his West Virginia friends comes from a
love of right and truth which transcends
party and politics. "It is not the success
of individuals or party" that should stir
the people to action at this time. The
peace and welfare of the whole country is
threatened by a faction that aims at over
turning the basic principles of the Govern
ment and tne substitution for them of
something worse than those things which
the fathers of the Republic rebelled
against, and it behooves every patriot to
forget party in the Nation's struggle to
maintain itself upon the broad lines of
civil liberty which the founders of the
federation established when the Republic
was born.
It is as Major McKinley says. The Na
tion must have a policy which will give
labor and capital constant employment
with fair returns. It is a question of the
advancement of the people in ways that
shall be most conducive to their peace and
prosperity, and not a question of politi
cal advantage for party's sake. There is
broadness and deepness in such utter
ances as tbe visiting editors beard that
indicate a sincere desire to see tbe people
prosper and be happy. The preservation
of law and order is necessary to the pros
perity of the people, and therefore what
ever is calculated to incite to revolution or
set section against section and neighbor
against neighbor is an attack upon the
libeity as well as upon the business inter
ests of every citizen. For tnese reasons
Major McKinley says it Is the good of the
country and not the success of individuals
or party that should actuate the voter.
Four years ago our streets were fill of jobs
looking for men; now t fie streets are full of
men looking for jobs which have gone across
the ocean. Stop it. Put William McKinley
in potter and you will do it. The Republican
party never pulled any ont down. It believes
and always did believe M reaching out for all
classes and lifting them up into the glad sun
shine of American prosperity. — Senator
Thurston.
ALL TOE McKINLEY.
What is true of the workingroen of San
Francisco concerning tbe political issues
of the Presidential campaign is true no
doubt of wage-earners everywhere. Yes
terday's Call contained interviews with
quite a large number of San Francisco
representative wage- earners, and their
opinions are valuable as showing what
tbe sentiment is among that class of citi
zens, the more so because tcey are study
ing economics as they never did betore
and know exactly what they are talking
about.
William McMabon, a blacksmith, says:
"I am going to vote for McKinley. What
is more, nearly every laboring man in this
part of the City is going to do tbe same
thing."
August Gunnison, a machinist, says:
"I am for protection. We had better pay
under the McKinley bill than we have
ever bad since. When a man is able to
work twu-tlmds aa lons and get three
quarters as much under the Wilson bill as
he did under tbe McKinley bill you can
wager that he is going to vote for the
author of that bill."
Charles Hellwig, in the hardware trade,
says: "I want to see McKinley elected,
because we need better times, settled con
ditions, active business, public confidence,
protection for home industries, an Ameri
can policy of government for the benefit
of Americans, and McKinley promises
all these in his person and in his past
performances in public"
H. W. Baxter, iv the drug trade, says:
"I am pome to cast my first ballot for
McKinley. in my opinion hard times are
due wholly to free trade. Yes, free trade
has almost bankrupted the Nation. Pro
tection is needed by men engaged in all
branches of industry, from the farmer,
wool-raiser and hop-raiser to the mer
chant."
William J. Blair, a farmer of Dixon,
says: "Free trade has nearly ruined the
farmers. I know whereof I speak when I
say this. We cannot get nearly so much
for our crops as formerly, and everything
is in a fair way for utter desolation. 1
never saw a set of men so utterly in de
spair as the California farmers are to-day."
I. H. Ackerman, in the crockery trade,
says: "At the beginning of the campaign
I was an out and out Bryan man and be
lieved that In free silver only lay the wel
fare of the country. I arrived at these
conclusions without any forethought, but
am coming to tbe conclusion that after all
I shall vote for McKinley ana protection."
Charles Crewe, employed in the iron
trade, says: "I shall vote for McKinley
certainly. There are enough reasons why
I should vote for him and none wby I
should vote for Bryan."
William 11. Crosby, a copperplate print
er, says: •'Democratic tariff tinkering has
sent wages down, and free silver will cause
them to fair still lower. For myself I do
not want any 50-cent dollars, nor do I be
lieve that any workman does."
S. W. Latz, an all-round mechanic, says:
"I shall certainly vote for William McKin
ley and the policy of protection to Ameri
can libor. I have observed enough of the
course of affairs to know that free traders
not a good thing for the man who is com
pelled to labor for wages."
Thomas I). Phillips, a bookbinder, says:
"I am a McKinley man on the protection
issue. Protection has tbe tendency to keep
np wages and American free trade tends to
bring American wages down to tbe Eu
ropean level."
Nicholas J. Battecate, a coffee-packer,
says: "I am going to vote for McKinley,
for I can see clearly that ray Interest lies
in that way. The interest of all others
similarly situated — that is, men who de
pend on regular employment and a fair
rate oi pay for work performed— it the
same as I find mine to be. The more we
import from Europe, or from any cheap
labor country, the worse off we shall oe."
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
PROTECTION IN SWEDEN.
How Free Traders is That Country Were
Converted From Error.
September 1, 1890.
Editor San Francisco Call: Noticing that I am
quoted on page 10 of your worthy organ of
Republicanism of to-day a« «aylag, speaking
of Sweden's light lor protection twelve years
ago, that "Protection won, »nd in three years
the country had 37 per cent more manufac
tories than they had before." The statement
is not quite correctly quoted, and as the Hon.
Stephen M. White and other Democratic wind
blowers may gee fit to make capital out of it,
by misrepresenting its meaning, I think for
the sake of tbe Republican party and In order
to prevent misunderstandings the statement
should be corrected.
As it is reported it is very inconsistent, as
any person, even those who have as little sense
and understanding as the majority of the
Democratic party, can readily see that it is an
utter impossibility ior any country or State to
Increase its manufactories by 37 per cent in
sucn a short period as tnree years. My state
ment was that protection won (when the sub
ject was agitated in Sweden twelve years ago)
and a protection policy was put into eflect
which was to last for a period of three years.
That after the expiration of the three years all
the free-traders had been converted into pro
tectionists, because tney were seeking for the
country's welfare and were not striving for
free trade to further party interests. A protec
tion policy was adjusted to last for a period of
ten years without a break, and to-day Sweden
has 37 per cent more factories and good times
are prevailing. Yours truly,
L. G. Schkoedir.
CALIFORNIA WINE TO THE PROOF.
A Gold Medal Given to a Vineyardibt of
Santa Clara County.
To ihe Editor of the San Francisco Call— But:
Once again California wine has won honors in
Europe. The fourteenth annual exposition of
the Association for the Progress of Hygeine
has just closed at Brussels, and among com
petitors from all Europe and America Pierre
Klein of Santa Clara County has had the
honor of carrying off an award of the highest
class, the gold medal. It is alia surprise to
me, thuugti a very agreeable oae. I must say
that I never heard of the Brussels association
unii! last year, when my exhibit at Bordeaux
received "honorable mention," and this fact,
published in all the wine journals of Europe,
led the gentlemen of Brussels to write and ask
me to take part in this exposition, with the
result that you can see. P. Klein.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 2.— D. Ewing
sailed on the American liner St. Louis for
Kngiand. At the St. Cloud, W. M. Bulkley ;
Metro Dole, O. Stonneniieid; Holland, J. Baer
and wife, T. L. Cunningham, H. F. Scott;
Metropolitan, S. Disbecker. Among the arri
vals on the extra boat U. U. Meier of the
North German line are: Carl D. Hoyrsenberg,
Carl ll oygeman, Ernest and Franz Hoffman.
Among the arrivals on the regular, the Saale,
of tills line are: Joseph Bauten, Albert and
Kmil Komsthoeft. Professor and Mrs. and
Misa Caroline Le Come of Berkeley College left
the Plaza to sail for France.
PERSONAL.
Attorney F. C. Lusk of Chico is at the Palace.
John S. Reid of Portland is visiting the City.
Dr. J. E. Frazier of Klmira is on a visit here.
Dr. H. St. Clalr of New York is at the Bald
win.
Cesaras D. Solmodnor of Guatemala is in the
City.
H. Stevens and family of Guatemala are at
the Rui-s.
Mrs. R. Knowles of Denver is at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
Max Erkes of the Stewart Hotel, San Bernar
dino, is in town.
B. H. Mason of New Zealand is among re
cent arrivals here.
A. N. Buck, a business man of Mazatlan, ar
rived here yesterday.
Senator B. F. Langford of Stockton is among
the visitors! to the City.
G. L. Smith, a business man of Stockton, is
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Mrs. Kdmond Bailey, a missionary of Swa
tow. China, is at the Occidental.
P. Thompson, a lumberman of Shasta Coun
ty, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Dr. Joseph M. Topmorller and B. Topmorller
of Cincinnati, Ohio, are in the City.
Dr. Taggart of Bakersfield is at the Grand.
He Is accompanied by Mrs. Taggart.
Dr. William Martin, ex-surgeon in the navya vy
has returned here, after several months in the
East.
G. Heiser and M. Bchuler, agents for Fore
paugh <fc Sells' circus, are guests at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
Dr. H. E. Osborne, superintendent of the
Home tor Feeble-minded Children at Eldredge,
is at the Grand.
Donald Macley, a wealthy and old-time busi
ness man of Portland, at one time president of
the Oregon Board ot Trade, is among yester
day's arrivals.
Charles B. Alexander, the attorney of Xew
York, is at the Palace. He is accompanied by
Mrs. Alexander, formerly Miss Crocker. They
are here on a visit.
Baron yon Bergen, son of the German Min
ister to Guatemala, with residence at San Jose
de Guatemala, arrived here yesterday on his
way East, and is at toe Occidental. He is him
self an attache of the German legation.
UNCLE JIM'S WAY.
Couldn't get I'nele Jim ter run
Fer office. They tried an' tried.
Said 'twas a sbame.
Seeln' Jones wue his name,
An' the Joneses had family pride.
But heM shake hts bead In his ol' wise way.
Uayln: "Alebbe i will— wen I've took In the hay.'
Mother— she'd tell him: "Thar's Thomplcini out
Ker shTiff an' Brown fer mayor ;
An' tliir's nary a one
But you'd beat e» you'd run:
An' thar's time an' plenty t«r spare."
Bui ht-'d jest shake his head, an' 'ad sorter repeat:
"Well, mebbe 1 will— wen I harvest the wheat."
All tbe relations from fur an' from nigh
Come an' jest sot roan' the place,
UrKln' of him:
"They's a-wanun' you, Jim,
An you'd bettar iurap Into the race !"
Bnt heM still shake bis head, w'en they told o'
their votes:
••Well, mebbe 1 will— wen I'm through with the,
oats.'*
Never wuz any one like him! Cf one
O' the aiiKeiM 'ud i\\ up an' fly,
An', stoppin' his way,
'lell him that win the day
They wuz 'spectiu' of him in the sky;
H«-'d still shake his head, an 1 I bet he 'ud nay:
"Well, mebbe I'll go-wen I'm through with the
hay!"
—Frank Stockton In Chicago Times-Herald.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
An autograph of Jack Sheppard was sold in
London recently for $100.
The report conies from India that Charles
Rockwell 1 4tuuia n, professor of Sanscrit in
Harvard University, has had conferred upon
him the distinction of being elected an hon
orary member of the Asiatic Society of Bengal,
in Calcutta.
Dr. Conan Doyle has been speech-making in
London, and has been telling bis auditors how
much he owes to Sir Walter Scott and Lord
Macaulay, a queer combination, to which he
says he is indebted for the inspiration of his
romantic stories.
Only en« of the thirteen trees planted on
Wasnington Heigh u, New York, by Alexander
Hamilton more than a centary ago, to com
memorate the thirteen original States of the
Union, is in a flourishing condition. All of
the others are dead or dying.
Czar Alexander 111 was insured for over a
million. The life of King Humbert of Italy,
too, is enormously insured. Below the scale
of royalties it is the young Earl of Dudley
whose life is most heavily insured, over a
million being the sum named.
The Prince of Wales recently inspected a
Derby picture which is under way ; for him at
Newmarket. The picture shows the two lead
ers. Persimmon ; and St. - Frusquin, within a
stride of the winning post, with the remainder
of the field scattered In a lengthening tail.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Is August a musical month? This question
is agitating the breasts of Parisian journalists.
August has been accused of being the most
sterile of all tbe months in the calendar in
musical achievements. Nothing good, from a
musical standpoint, can come out of August,
according to its detractors. August's defend
ers, however, say that the fault does not lie
with the month, but with railroaas and steam
boats, which take people out of town for tbe
summer cheap. Arthur Paugin has gone lov
ingly through the calendar, and has shown
that in days gone by famous works have been
produced from the Ist to the 31st of August.
On the Ist of August, 1752, Pergolesi'B "La
Serva Padrona" was first produced at the
Paris Opera; on the 2d of August, 1774,
Gluck's "Orphee" wai given to tne Parisian
public ; on the 3d of August a number of mas
terpieces have been given to the world in dif
ferent years. These include Rossini's "Wil
liam TelL" Evidently the fault is not with
August, bnt with tbe modern tendency to go
out of town during the eighth month of the
year.
Rosenthal's appearance in America this fail
will be the great musical event of the season.
No pianist ior some time has made a more
enormous success than this young artist has
made in London during the past year.
Moritz Rosenthal Is only 33 years of age, and
Moritz Roscnthal, the Famous Pianist, Who Will Tour America This Fall.
was born at Lemberg. He is an example of
the endurance of the prodigy, for as early as
his fourth year he played in public. In His
fourteenth year he accepted Liszt's invitation
to pay a visit to Weimar, where he stayed for
two years, afterward appearing in Paris and
H;. Petersburg, where he made a great sensa
tiOD. In 1888 he gave over a hundred recitals
in Ameiica, and since 1890 has been heard in
most European towns.
An opera-rate war is on in Italy and specta
tors are now admitted to some of the most
expensive houses at popular prices. The
papers have not spared the performers in con
sequence of the reduced rates, as the follow
ing from Italy shows: "For the revival of the
'Lucia' reserved seats in the orchestra were
only 2." cents, 20 cents for the parterre ana 10
for the amphitheater. We cannot say that
the cheap performance had artistic merit, but
Miss Fornari used her thread of a voice all
right, the tenor, Pratl, sang Donizetti's melo
dies with expression, and the bass, Allegri,
maintained the role well. As ior the con
ductor, he kept his musicians from losing tbe
beat, which is as much as one can expect for
ten cents. The success of 'Lucia' was io great
that the management was obliged to give a
second performance last night. So much the
better; one cannot give too much encourage
ment to cheap opera. You know beforehand
that whatever the performance is you'll be
sure of your moneys worth."
Dame Martha Schwerdtlein, the mature
neighbor of Marguerite, whom "Faust" has
rendered celebrated, Is furnishing a sensation
for the German papers at the time of the year
when authentic news languishes. A Berlin
newspaper was the lirst to spring < n the pub
lic the news that Dr. Nekisch had discovered
in a church at Padua the tomooi the Knight
Schwerdtlein, husband of the said Martha,
whose last salutations Mephistopheies carries
to her in "Faust." Several German news
papers forgot that in German schwerdtlein
signifies little sword, and Nekisch a practical
joker, and they fell into the snare laid for
them by the Berlin editor by seriously repro
ducing the astonlshi ng news. Finally, a more
wideawake journal exposed the pleasantry,
and now the duped editors are pretending
that they only spoke of Schwerdtleln's tomb
to amuse their readers, and that they were all
in the secret of the joke. Some people have not
believed them, and a lively discussion is going
on in the German press on the subject.
News comes from Bayreuth that the Swedish
singer, Mile. Ellen Gulbranson, has won a
brilliant and entirely unexpected success in
the role of the Valkyrie. People who were
present at the first periormance of the
"Valkyrie" in 1876 say that Gulbranson is not
inferior to Mme. Materna twenty years ago.
This is no flight praise, for Materna, endowed
with a marvelous talent for imitation, com
pletely reflected the intentions of Richard
Wagner, who taught her the Valkyrie role to
its smallest details. Materna did not sing a
note nor make a movement that had not been
approved of by the master. It is to be Hoped
that the reports of Gulbranson's talent are' not
exaggerated.
A new "Museum of Costumes" will soon be
opened at Berlin. It is the celebrated collec
tion of Baron Lipperheide, which is now to be
given to the pUDlic, and wnich is considered
the most complete In the world. Th« collec
tion contains more than 800 tableaux ana
paintings as well as an immense quantity of
books and engravings bearing on historic
dress. The Berlin theaters will now have free
permission to copy the designs in the museum,
and it is expected that an era of historic ac
curacy in opera may result. At present there
is no institution which outrages all truth to
history so much as doe* grand opera all over
the world.
Was St. Cecilia a musician? This question is
being agitated by students f history, who in
these days do not shrink from challenging
reputations that have lasted for centuries. In
a pretty article on the subject, addressed to
St. Cecilia herself, Le Temps says: It is never
recorded that you loved our terrestrial music
you who for centuries have been tne patron
saint of musicians. One only reads In your
history that while the festal instruments were
sounding you sang for God alone in your
heart. You may have known nothing of our
music, but the more I study the text of your
history the more I find that it suffices to jus
tify your eminent and traditional reputation.
"You sang in your heart." The most profound
song, the most beautiful and the most worthy
of the name, is it not that of the heart?
In discussing whether St. Cecilia vas really
a musician Le Temps tells the following leg
end: It was painting, they say, wnicn toward
the end of the fifteenth century made you
famous, first in Flanders and then In Italy. A
hundred and fifty years after the death of your
greatest painter a traveler was following one
Sunday evening the road to Rome, your native
city. He entered a church which bore your
name. A solitary pries v was chanting vespers,
and from the organ-loft soft chirpings could
be heard. The pilgrim made Inquiries and
was toid that Uia birds were fed tnere, as in
an aviary, where night and day they sang in
your honor, and that tne parish being poor
you contented yourself with the services oi
these little musicians.
Edward A. MacDowell is spending his sum
mer vacation preparing his lectures for the
Columbia University. The only thing to be
regretted as regards his appointment is that
he will be unable to compose much this year,
as it is well known that he does most of his
creative work in the country in the summer.
The musical course at Columbia is to include
lectures by others besidea himself. He has
already asked several musical critics to co
operate with him by contributing a few lec
tures. One lecture will bear the strange title,
"How Music Affects Savages and Composers."
It was only a few months ago that Lassalle,
the eminent barytone, renounced the pomps
and vanities of an operatic life, in order to de
vote himself to commerce, for he is a flourish
ing manufacturer as well as a singer. But now
a grand revival of "The Flying Dutchman" is
to be given in Paris, and Lassalle has let him
self be tempted to sign for the performance.
When the theater takes hold of a man or
woman, It is generally for life, though in this
particular case no one is likely to complain.
It was desired to honor the visit of the Czar
and Czarina to Vienna by a performance of a
Russian opera, but to the dismay of the court
the directors of the Imperial Opera-house an
nounced that since the withdrawal of Rubin
stein's "Nero" several years ago no Russian
opera remained in the repertory. It has,
therefore, been decided to give the Russian
sovereigns a gala performance of Massenet's
"Manon."
Miss Sibyl Sanderson has signed an engage
ment with the Imperial Opera at Vienna, ac
cording to which she is to give a series of
performances during the coming season.
"Esclarmonde" will be mounted expressly for
her.
The King of Wurtemberg has just conferred
on Frau Cosima Wagner the gold medal of the
Order of the Crown of Wurtemberg.
A number of artists have been asked to give
their favorite mottos. Emma Nevada's is
"Art and Home." Judic gives "Vide tace,"
which is rather remarkable for a woman— if
she follows her own advice.
HUMOR OF THE CAMPAIGN.
"So the crowd ran that silver orator off the
platform?" "Yes, sir; every tooth in his head
was tilled with gold."— Chicago Record.
"I tell you," said the enthusiast, ''all this
patriotic demonstration is enough to set any
man's h?art on fire." "Yes," replied the
nervous man, "and his woodshed, too."—
Washington Star.
> "Paw, I'll bet that was a free silver man we
saw comin' out o* that saloon wiping his
month."
"Why do you think so, Johnny?"
"Couldn't you smell the mint?"— Chicago
Tribune.
"Our statesmen," yelled the orator, "are
about to take steps " "Yon bet they'll take
'em," squealed the professional cynic, "if tney
ain't nailed down."— lndianapolis Journal.
"That was a hair-splitting political argu
ment, wasn't it?"
"Yes, and yet every man on the platform was
baklheaded."— Chicago Record.
"I understand Bryan's give up the fight," re
marked the pugilist.
"I hadn't heard anything to that effect."
"Well, 'twasn't so stated direct. But havln'
lost 'is voice, what else kin the man do?" —
Washington Star.
"Again I am going'to make a hit," said the
inventor, and when the incredulous friend
made the usual doubting utterance the inven
tor went on:
"It's a button for this new gold Democratic
party. The design will be a small gold-plated
bolt off its nut."
The friend admitted that it was agood thing,
but thought there would not be enough pur
chasers to make much of a success. —Cincinnati
Enquirer.
EPIGRAMS BY "THE MAN FROM
MAINE."
Flashes of Wisdom, Wit and Statecraft From
the Recent Speech by speaker
Reed.
The opportunity to labor it the opportunity
to live.
Man no longer shnns labor as his deadliest
foe, but welcomes it as his dearest friend.
Give us the opportunity to labor and the
whole world of human life will burst into tree
and flower.
Neither loud indignation nor flowery spewh,
neither great promises nor wild harangues
will help any man out of disaster or any na
tion out of hard times.
Temper will not even untie a shoestring, and
the harder you push a rope the more it will
not go any whither.
When the people all work together, when
they all have faith in each other then pros
perity reigns.
We shall be saved now, not by orators or
professors, but by the sound sense of an honest
Nation.
Confidence it prosperity. Distru.it i* ruin.
Prosperity, speculation, hard times, v is the
same succession of events the world over.
Money in hand is better than money in bush,
especially when you cannot tell what kind ot
a bush it will be.
The past is for the wise man the only guide
for the future. What man has tlouo tutu
will do.
The capital of all the world is waiting to b*
our servant.
This is a borrowing and a lending world.
Reasonable certainty makes business; un
certainty paralyzes it
I wish I could assure you of a future pros
perity that would reign unbroken forever and
ever. But history knows human nature too
well.
You have seen exhibited nianjr times reme
dies for all the ills the world is heir to. but
did you ever see a perfectly healthy world?
You never will.
Everything we do not know anything about
always looks big.
Whenever we take a trip into the realm* of
fancy we see a good many things that never
were.
The safe footing in this world is on things
we know.
Are wo all to plunge into foolishness unless
some great man hits upon something sure? TJ
the worla has got to wait for that panacea let
me ten you that the rest of deal h is a flush of
lifthtning compared to the rest we are going to
take.
We know that we shall as sufely rise again
to business and prosperity as that to-morrow's
sun will rise.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
A new recipe for making people happy:
Visit them and they will be happy when you
go.— .A tchison Globe.
"The older a man gets," said the cornfed
philosopher, "the harder he finds it to feel
sorry for a woman whose pug dog has just
died."— lndianapolis Journal.
In a millinery store— "l want a new hat In
the very latest style."
"Please sit down for a few minutes. The
fashion is just about to change."— Texas Sifter.
"Your daughter, sir, is an angel."
"Maybe; but after you've been married
awhile you'll find that she wants considerable
more clothes than angels are accustomed to
wearing."— Philadelphia North American.
First Clubman— How does it happen that
Goodfillow has such a hard time getting into
society?
Second Clubman— Society found out that he
wanted to get in.— New York Weekly.
Salvation Army Apostle — If you swear at
those horses, my good man, you'll never go to
heaven.
Teamster (humbly)— l knows it mum ; but if
I don't I'll never get to Tonawanda.— Buffalo
Times.
Bargain day— "Dearest?'
He stopped reading his paper long enough to
ask what his bestest little wife might want.
"When they marie the dollar down to 53
cents will it be every day, or only on Fridays?"
—Indianapolis Journal.
u My part in the amateur theatricals could
not have been a complete failure," declared
Alice. "They did not hiss me."
"Of course not," replied her best to irl friend.
"People cannot yawn and hiss at the same
time."— Detroit Free Press.
"Just got a letter from Mildred. She's es>
joying the country so much. She says : 'Every
day at sunrise a neighboring rooster rouses us
with his early morning lay.' "
"Early morning lay ? What's the matter with
the hens? On a strike?"— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
"What I want," said the theatrical manager,
"is a genuine novelty."
"Something realistic?" asked the playwright.
"Yes; but I don't want any real pugilistß, or
real naval disasters, or real livestock, or real
battles in it."
The playwright looked wearily thoughtful,
and after a pause inquired:
"How would it do to springsomethingon the
public with real actors in it?"— London Tit-
Bits.
A USEFUL MISSES' GOWN.
All the fashionable features of ladies' gowns
are reproduced in misses' costumes. This
charming example is of pink and white silk.
with a bodice of white lace over pink Mlk.
The shoulder straps are of pink velvet. The
same model is used ior high-necked gowns;
the yoke beinic plain and incorporated in the
waist, is simply cut away for an evening gown.
The sleeves are in the new bishop shape, and
in the gown shown above are drawn up by
elastics to form a shorter puff. A charming
gown of blue serge had the full blouse of cash
menienna silk with shoulder straps of plain
colored velvet.
Another go-.vn of petunia boucle cloth had
trimmings of leaf-green miroir velvet.
A chestnut brown and green mixed goods
had pale-green cioth straps over the shoulder,
edged with beaver.
A mixed cloth in blue and black had the
plain yoke of blue velvet, with black satin
shoulder straps, belt and collar. Over the top
of this collar stood scallops of blue velvet,
which formed a frame for the face, suggestive
of the petals of a Sower.
A school dress of mixed tweed had shoulder
straps, belt and crushed collar of leaf-green
velvet, with a large smoked pearl button
on both ends of the shoulder straps.
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb, Townsend's. •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
M. Edouard Dumont has taken the initiative
in opening a subscription for the erection of a
monument in Paris to the memory of the Mar
quis do Mores.
Ire You Going Kast?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa F«
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and. absence from
alsall dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Ticket
office. 644 Market street, Chronicle building. Tel
ephone, Main 1531.
All. lovers of the delicacies of the table use Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters to secure a good
digestion.
Thb great popularity of Ayer's rills is due to
their universal usefulness and their freedom from
all injurious injtredients.
Probably the last survivor of the men who
fought in the July revolution of 1830, M.
Pierre Lourdercau, $'.: years of age, h»3 just
made his annual pilgrimage to the Column of
July in the Place d« la Bastille, accompanied
by his children and grandchildren. .
NEW TO- DAT.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
A cr:am of tartar baking powder. Highest of
all ':> leavemug strength.— Latest VniUd State*
Government Food Report.
Koval Bakinu l'owr-3 Co., New York.THI'HSDAY SEPTEMBER S, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
rjiinwis Theateb.- "Madame Sans GeneL"
Columbia Tkkatkk— "The Social Trust. "
JioKobto's ti mA-lioufei — -Held in Slavery."
Tivou OpKFA-HorsK.— - Rigoletto.' '
OBrnEUM — HlKl.-ciass Vaudeville.
A i ca/ar Theater.—" Turned Up."
H-tro Baths— Bathing and performance*.
s-boot thk Chutes— Dally ai Halgnc street,
one block east of the Park.
Circus— At central Park.
Mkchanics' Institptk Paviuosc- Tweßty-
tinth Industrial K^posttion.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Family Excursion— To Santa Cruz, Sunday,
September 6.
Kxcuksion— To Bohemia, Sunday, September 0.
AUCTION SALES.
By StinvAN <fc Doyi-k— Saturday, September
6, Horses, Baggies, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at
11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Thursday ; westerly winds.— Local Fore
cast Official A. G. McAdie.
Frank J. Murasky lectured on "Socialism"
last night at the Turk-street Temple.
An informal reception will be held this
evening at the Woman Suffrage Bureau.
The San Francisco Association of Improve
ment Clubs held its regular monthly meeting
last night.
The Wolf-Wrcden Company and the Clinch
Broom Manufacturing Company were yester
day incorporated.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association will
make a bitter fight against the duck -shooting
gun clubs this winter.
The case oi L«m Raabe, charged with at
tempted burglary, was dismissed in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday.
A game of baseball will be played by a team
from St. Mary's and St. Ignatius colleges at the
Presidio grounds next Sunday.
Ella McKellups has sued Henry L. McKel
laps, a Market-street dentist, for divorce on
the ground of extreme cruelty.
W. T. Guess, a young colored man. was ar
rested last night on two charges of attempted
criminal assault on two women.
The Women's Press Association of the Pacific
Coast elected officers for the coming year yes
terday, and took final adjournment.
A movement Is on foot for the purpose of as
sociating all of the San Francisco and Oakland
athletic clubs for mutual protection.
Georgia Mitchell has applied for & decree of
divorce from her husband, Thomas J. Mitchell,
on the grounds oi infidelity and cruelty.
At the trial of Oliver W. Winthrop In Judge
Wallace's court yesterday James A. Campbell
occupied the witness-stand nearly all day.
Mrs. Naomi Anderson, the colored woman
suffrage orator, is expected to nrrive to-dsy
from Fresno, where she has been lecturing.
A rousing meeting of the Woman's Republi
can Suite Central Club was held last night, at
which several admirable addresses were de
livered.
Bishop C. D. Foss of tbe Methodist Episcopal
church has arrived here to conduct the annual
conferences at Pacific Grove, Los Angeles and
Phoenix.
George Green and Tom Tracy are In a fair
way to t»e matched by the New Occidental
Club, and Tracy will start ior San Francisco
very soon.
Dan Murphy, the pioneer of the Needles, is
here, and says a number of important gold
discoveries have lately been made along the
Colorado.
Miss Mary G. Hay and Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-
Bliun of me Woman Suffrage State Central
Committee returned yesterday from Southern
California.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press Association
met yesterday and elected officers for the en
suing year. Mrs. P. T. Dickinson was elected
president.
Archbishop Riordan will deliver the first
lecture given by the Y.M.I. Central Lecture
Bureau. The subject will be "Individual and
Political Libeity."
Louie Quong, the Chinese interpreter, now
under suspension, was indicted by the United
States Grana Jury last Tuesday on a charge of
subornation of perjury.
The Foreign Missionary Convention of the
women's brunch of the Pacific Coast held its
annual meeting yesterday at Bethany Congre
gational Church, on Bartlett street.
Articles of incorporation for a new raiiroad
to run between Stockton and Jackson, Amador
County, were filed yesterday. There is tome
mystery as to the real backers of the scheme.
During the woric of removing the signs of
the awful nitro-glycerine explosion near
Pinole several additional human fragments
were found. The dead will be buried to-day.
The fusionists have adjourned until Satur
day afternoon to await the action of the Third
District Democratic Convention. Tne fuse
seems to be hardening under a very cold
frost.
General Duffield, superintendent of tbe Coast
and Geodetic Survey, has arrived here to take
soundings of the bay and inspect tlie observa
tory site at the Presidio and the work of Cap
tain Rogers.
Charles H. Athearn has sued John Kelso and
the City and County of Ban Francisco forslooo
damages on account ot injuries to his property
on Detroit street by reason of cutting through
of new streets.
Stanislaus Voniadousky, one of the eight
Russian exiles who came here about three
years ago, was yesterday booked at the City
Prison for burglary and naving burglars' tools
in his possession.
The Hale & NorcroEs Silver Mining Company
has sued W. H. H. Hart and several former
directors of the company for the restitution of
a §SQOO attorney fee, alleged to have been ille
gally paid to Hart.
Rev. W. W. Bolton and J. W. Laing of the
Laing exploring party returned to this City
yesterday after nearly two months' absence,
spent in exploring unknown portions of the
island of Vancouver.
Colonel Henry G. Shaw has returned from a
campaigning tour in the mountains with a
wagon and complete camping outfit and re
ports having achieved much success in nis
efforts In favor of bimetallism.
Thousands yesterday visited the exposition
of the Mechanics' Institute and Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association. To-night is
"Scotch night," and a special programme bag
been arranged for the occasion.
The old United States frigate Omaha has
seen her last days as a man-01-war. She has
been turned into a quarantine hulk and is
now anchored off California City awaiting the
arrival of a pest-stricken vessel.
An unknown woman, about 30 years of age,
made a determined attempt to commit suicide
in her room in the Florence Hotel, Powell and
Ellis streets, yesterday morning, by swallowing
carbolic acid and turning on the gas.
The bark Theobald was libeled by some
thirty miners who went to Coal Bay last
spring under contract to the owners of the
vessel. The men say they worked for several
months, but have never got a cent of pay.
Judge Seawell's decision to the demurrers of
the Board of Supervisors to the indictment of
the Grand Jury has been delayed by the filing
of another brief on the subject by General j!
H. Dickinson, attorney for the Supervisors.
Congressman S. W. McCall of Vermont left
lor the north last evening. He will make
.speeches in Portland and Tacoma. He says
McKinley will carry every Northern State
ohst of the Mis>ouri and his election is certain.
R. L. Paynter, collector for W. A. Carroll,
broker, 328 Montgomery street, was found un
conscious from escaping gas in a room at 18
Mason street yesterday morniur, and was
Taken to the Receiving Hospital, where he will
recover.
The travel to Stockton on the eve of Admis
sion day will be enormous. Four big steamers
will leave between 6 and 9 p. M., and every
one of them will be crowded. Mission Parlor
will escape the jam, as it has chartered the
Bteamer T. C. WalKer.
Organization of the League of the Cross has
been actively commenced outside of San Fran
c.-co. Alameda County is to huve a regiment
of cadets and immediately after the league is
in good working ordor there attention will be
directed to other parts of the State.
Rev. Herman Gehrcke, pastor of St. Mat
the.v's German Lutheran Church, and Miss
Martha Kuner, youngest daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Albert Kuuer of 730 Gouru street, were
married yesterday afternoon by the Rev. A.
Jatiier of St. Mark's Church, Oakland.
James A. D»voto, an attorney, is charged, in
an affidavit filed in Judge Cook's court yester
day, with Having sworn falsely to the owner
ship of real estate in order to become a surety
on tbe appeal bond of a client. He may be
criminally prosecuted and disbarment pro
ceedings may result.
The Board ot Election Commissioners yester
day refused to take action on the application
of JosepU Spear to Uave A. J. Morganstern and
A. Barnard recoguiz'.'d as representatives of
the Republican Fourth Congressional Com
mittee. Several names wexe dropped from the
Great Register because they did not live at the
addresses given, and they will be prosecuted
ior perjury.
LAST DAYS OF
AN OLD FRIGATE,
The Omaha Is Now Serv
ing as a Quarantine
Hulk.
A FLOATING PESTHOUSE
She Is Anchored Off California
City, to Be Used When Oc
casion Demands.
ONCE THE PRIDE OF THE NAVY
Four Big Steamers Will Leave tor
Stockton on the Eve of Ad
mission Day.
The old frigate Omaha saw her last
days of usefulness as a warship many
years ago, but nevertheless she is still a
serviceable ship. When the quarantine
The Old Frigate Omaha, That Has Been Turned Into a Floating Pesthouse.
station was established on Angel Island
the necessity for a hulk in which the
passengers' baggage and clothing could be
fumigated was at once apparent. The
Omaha was to have been turned over to
the Naval Reserve as a training ship, but
the Government considered that the quar
antine station nad the first call, so the
frigate was partly dismantled at Mare
Island and turned into a quarantine hulk.
After the interior had been cleared of all
obstacles the fumigation machinery was
put in position in the bold. Tanks, in
which passengers taken from a plague
ship can be bathed, were put in, and hot
air compartments for the fumigation of
clothing and general baggage. When
thoroughly equipped the Omaha was
towed to California City and is now an ad
junct to the United States Quarantine
Station, and should a steamer come here
with smallpox or yellow fever aboard the
once smart frigate would be turned into a
pesthouse.
The Omaha was built at Philadelphia,
Pa., in 1869 and was barkrigeed. Her
displacement is 2400 tons, length 250 feet
6 inches, extreme breadth 38 feet, draught
16 feet 6 inches. Her indicated horse
power was 935, and her speed was given in
1892 as 11 knots.. It is not so many years
ago since the old vessel flew an admiral's
pennant, and now her last days are to be
spent as a quarantine hulk at anchor off
California City.
The rush to Stockton by steamer on the
eve of Admission day will be enormous.
Every square inch of space on the Mary
Garratt, City of Stockton, T. C. Walker
and Captain Weber has been pre-empted,
and if more boats could be secured they
would be put on the run. The City of
Stockton, with the regular passengers of
the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company, and as many more as can
crowd on board, will leave at 6p. m. The
Mary Garratt will go as an excursion
steamer, and her passengers will have to
pay extra. She will leave at 7P. M. The
T. C. Walker has been chartered by Mis
sion Parlor, N. 8. G. W., and that party
will leave at 9p. m. The Captain Weber
will not have a spare inch of room, and
hundreds on all the boat 3 will have to
sleep in chairs or on the floor.
George Metcalf, the youngest California
pioneer and the man with the biggest
heart for the helpless and poor, has been
extended a special invitation to attend the
celebration at Stockton. "Little George."
who is a prime favorite with all who know
him, says he will be there. Mr. Metcalf
has long been favorably known for his
generosity in all philanthropic work and
his society is greatly in demand at all
times.
The Pacific Mail Company's Colon ar
rived from Panama and way ports yester
day. There were 19 passengers in the
cabin. 25 m the steerage and 23 Chinese in
transit to Hongkong. She brought a very
small general cargo, the biggest consign
ments being coffee and limes. She also
brought up gold treasure valued at $143,
-613.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Walla Walla arrived from Puget Sound
ports yesterday. Captain Wallace reports
that at 2:40 a. m. on the 2d insl. he passed
a vessel that looked like a steamer under
sail. She had no smokestack. People on
'chance were conjecturing; yesterday what
vessel it could be. Captain Wallace says
when he sighted the steamer she was three
miles west northwest of Point Reyes.
A new schooner, the James Spiers, got'
in from Port Blakeley after a smart pass
aee of ten days yesterday. She brought
down lumber for Kenton, Holmes <fc Co.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
The Spiers is a handsome craft and will be
a welcome addition to the lumber fleet.
The bark Theobald did not get away for
Coal Bay, Alaska, yesterday. Prior to
sailing she was attached by the miners
who went to the coal mines last spring
and who have been unable to get any Day.
The men say they were half starved and
badly treated. Now they cannot get their
pay. The bark will probably be bonded
ami get away to-day.
The American ship Eclipse arrived from
Hakodate, Japan, yesterday with 2400 tons
of sulphur aboard. The voyage was an
uneventful one.
The British ship Glendoon, which got in
from Swansea last Monday night, had an
exciting time rounding the Horn. For
fourteen days her decks were never clear
of water and considerable damage was
done. Her steering-cear was damaged,
nine stanchions broken, bulwarks on star
board side stove in, deckhouses started
and everything movable on deck was
washed away.
Sergeant Tom Mahoney of the harbor
police wants an owner for nine fresh milk
cows. Yesterday morning two cowboys
were driving them along East street in de
fiance of a City ordinance, which forbids
such work after Ba. m. When they saw
the policeman coming they galloped away
and left tbe cows to their fate. With the
assistance of half a dozen "wharf rats"
Mahoney got the animals to Morsehead's
stables, where they are now, running up a
board bill.
WANT THE FES RETURNED.
Hale & Norcross Mining Company Sues
\Y. 11. 11. Hart for SSOOO.
The Hale & Norcross Silver Mining
Company has sued W. H. H. Hart and
several former directors of the plaintiff
company to recover a $5000 counsel fee,
paid Hart for conducting the defense of
tbe Norcross Company in the suits filed
acainst it by Fox et al.
It is claimed that the best interests of
the company were with the plaintiffs in
that famous case and that the board of
directors so knew, but that they willfully
employed W. H. H. Hart to wage legal
warfare against the best interests of the
company, and paid him $5000 out of the
funds of the company for so doing. The
directors and Hart are therefore sued for
the return of the money.
GOLD ON THE COLORADO,
Much Decomposed Quartz Being
Found That Is of Unusual
Richness.
Dan Murphy's Story of Frank Coombs'
Find on the Old Government
Trail.
Dan Murphy, the pioneer merchant and
postmaster of The Needles, on the Colo
rado River, is in the City. He says there
is great activity in gold mining on the
river, and that during the last few months
many, good discoveries have been made.
In consequence of this business is active,
and there is far more confidence mani
fested in every direction than formerly.
"Prospectors are getting out up v the
river in both California and Arizona," said
he. • "Several strikes have been made of
decomposed quartz, some of it surprisingly
rich. One of the best strikes was made
recently by Frank Coombs, thirty miles up
the river on the Arizona side. A big
ledge of decomposed quartz was found
right on the old Government trail. Some
of the quartz ran $1000 a ton.
"Then over in the Bandburg district,
and about Providence Mountain and in
the country toward Vanderbilt, there have
been several good discoveries made. One
of these is a great strike made by Indians.
It is said to be a big thing.
"Since silver - mining closed down the
miners have been giving their attention to
gold. They . have found a great many
quartz veins, and on sampling them have
discovered they will pay. So there is a
general impetus to good mining, and it is
resulting in good to the country.
"There is so much of the country along
the Colorado that is unexplored that it
offers a great field for enterprising men
who have a knowledge of mining."
Mr. Murphy is here on a business trio.
. • — ♦ »
Williams Ca»e Nearly Ended.
The trial of Dick Williams is rapidly draw
ing to a close. Yesterday the defense closed
Its argument, and Prosecuting Attorney Hen
ley began his closing effort for the Govern
ment. Mr. Mowry held forth all morning,
going carefully over the testimony of each
witness, emphasizing the truth or falsity of
each, as the occasion seemed to demand. As a
whole it wa»a forcible and carefully prepared
effort. Mr. Henley began at 3 o'clock. Step
by step he reviewed the testimony, in turn
tearing to pieces such as he thought not credi
ble and bolstering up that which he deemed
needed support. He will conclude this morn
ing, and it is thought the jury will reach a
verdict by 3 o'clock.
Insolvent Debtors.
Pletro dl Grazia, a member of the firm o!
Di Grazia & Brother, wagonmakera, yesterday
filed a petition in insolvency. He owes
$75405, and has assets valued at $200.
Herman Buhrhaus, a saloon-keeper, filed a
petition in insolvency. He owes $2063 38, and
has assets valued at $75.
SUPERVISORS ARE
STILL STRUGGLING
The Accused Eight File
Another Brief in
Defense.
PLEAD IT WAS AN ERROR
Claim That the Reduction in
Assessments Was Made in
Good Faith.
SO JUDGE SEAWELL DELAYS.
Attorney Dickinson Raises a Further
Point as to the Corrupt Inten
tion of His Clients.
It was expected that Judge Seawell
would this morning render his deci
sion as to the demurrers.interposed by the
Supervisors indicted by the Grand Jury
in connection with the reduction of the
tax assessments on the franchise of the
Spring Valley Water Works and other
corporations. His Honor had so an
nounced, but yesterday an additional
brief was filed by General J. H. Dickinson
presenting more reasons why the indict
ment should be dismissed. Judge Sea
well has not had time to thoroughly go
into thy subject-matter of the new brief,
and so the decision on the demurrers is
indefinitely postponed.
The legal points involved in tbe brief
hinge on the proposition that if the Super
visors were wrong in making the reduc
tions complained of it was simply an error
of judgment, and that the board is not
subject to prosecution for such a mistake.
The brief says:
It is alleged in the accusations against the
Supervisors that an application was made by
the Spring Valley Water Works for a reduction
of the assessment on the franchise from S2 -
500,000 to $1,500,000, and that the accused
Supervisors, willfully, knowingly and cor
ruptly, with intent to defraud the City of a
portion of Its revenue, reduced the assessment.
In all the counts it is alleged that the de
fendants with the Board of Equalization par
ticipated in the reduction, but it does not say
how— whether by argument, force or intimida
tion, and no facts arc stated to show it was
done in an unlawful manner. The presump
tion of law is that it was done in a lawful
manner, the contrary not being shown.
General Dickinson claims in behalf of
the Supervisors:
That the accusations acknowledge that the
Board of Equalization had jurisdiction of tbe
question for tne reduction of the assessment
applied for.
That the action of the board in dealing with
the valuation of the property-lists on the roll
is based upon evidence wcich may be adduced
before the board.
That the accusations do not allege that the
board did not act upon the evidence before it.
That the order in the premises is conclusive
that It did not act upon such evidence as was
necessary.
That there is no allegation in the accusa
tions that the board did not examine on oath
the person or agent making the application
touching the value of the property of the com
panies named.
That there is no allegation that tne agent of
the applicants did not answer all questions
pertinent to the inquiry, and therefore the
presumption is that the applicants were exam
ined in accordance with the law.
That the Boarrl of Equalization, having jur
isdiction and having complied with the sec
tions of the Political Code respecting the
value of the property, its order was conclu
sive.
That jurisdiction to determine the issue in
volves the power to determine it erroneously.
That jurisdiction to determine the fact of
evidence involves the power to draw errone
ous conclusions irom it.
That as there was evidence before the board
in support of its findings it must be treated as
conclusive, notwithstanding the fact that
there was other evidence that might be re
garded as raising a court ict therewith.
And that the accusations are insufficient to
follow the language of the statute in such a
case as this.
The brief goes on to take issue with the
allegations of conspiracy in the accusation
and with other technical words and
phrases.
Judge Sewall says he will announce his
decision in the matter as soon as possible.
•—• — « — »
DUCK-SHOLTING CLUBS
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
Appoints a Campaign Committee.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
has commenced to look out for the inter
ests of its members during the coming
season of duck-shooting.
At last evening's meeting, which was
presided over by W. J. Ahem, a campaign
committee was appointed to make ar
rangements,! with the object in view of
defeating if possible the aims of gun clubs
that have leased marsh lands so as to se
cure for themselves the exclusive right of
shooting the wild game thereon. The
committee is composed of W. J. Ahem,
Charles F. Fitzsimmons, A. B. Truman,
Lloyd Eaton, Jack Sammi and M. F.
Berges.
The following inclosed pledge will be
mailed to the political nominees for the
Legislature:
I hereby pledge myself, If elected a member
of the next Legislature, not to Introduce any
measure that will curtail in any way the
rights and privileges of citizens in so far as
they relate to the hunting or shooting of wild
game in or upon the ti£e or marsh lands of
the State of California.
I also agree not to vote for any Mil, resolu
tion or enactment having in view the pre
serving or setting aside of any of the tide or
overflowed lands of this State for the private
and exclusive hunting privileges of char
tered or unchartered clubs.
I further pledge myself to use all honorable
means to prevent the passage of any and all
legislation haying in view the intent or pur
pose of abridging in any way or manner what
soever the rights of unattached sportsmen as
guaranteed them under the law now upon the
statute-books of the State of California.
Sixty sportsmen were elected to mem
bership.
The picnic committee made its final re
port and received a vote of thanks.
Alexander Truman recovered two valu
able do«s, which he lost recently, by an
nouncing the fact of their disappearance
from their kennels. A member of the as
sociation informed Mr. Truman where his
charges could be found by making appli
cation and proving property.
The case of Mrs. Tewksberry against
members of the association who were ar
rested last year for shootiner on her salt
marsh property near San Pablo will do
tried by Superior Judge Jones of Contra
Costa County at Martinez this month.
Attorneys Murasky and Smith of this City
and Attorney J. Smith of Oakland Lave
been engaged by the association to defend
its representatives in this ca.^e. which is of
particular interest to sportsmen, and
especially those who have a predilection
for duck-shooting.
■ '." » » •
THE RUSSIAN EXILES.
Stanislaus Voniailousky, Charged Yes-
terday With Burglary, W»»
One of Them.
An owner for the diamonds which Stan
islaus Voniadousky, an ex-convict, tried
to sell to H. Livinski on Tuesday has
been found, and Voniadousky was booked,
at the City Prison yesterday by Detectives
Bee and Harper on charges of burglary
and having burglars' tools in his posses
sion.
The diamonds belonged to Mrs. H. A.
Wells, 502 Mason street, and were stolen
from her residence on the night of August
27. along with her purse.
Stanislaus now calls himself Winakoski.
He is one of the eight Russians who es
caped from Siberia about turee years ago,
were picked up by a vessel and brought
here. Four of them are now serving
terms in San Quentin, one was shot dead
in San Jose while attempting to rob a
man ; Kovalev, another, was handed for
the murder of Mr. amt Mrs. WeDber in
Sacramento; the seventh is somewhere in
the East, and voniadousky will soon join
the other four again in San Quentin. He
was only three weeks here when he broke
into a store on Montgomery street, was ar
rested and sentenced to three years.
Sweet-Wine Season Opens.
The sweet-wine season will open next week.
Chief Deputy Louis Loupe will leave to-day
for Central and Southern California to make
an inspection of the sweet-wine stills. He will
go first to Madura and then to Fresno, and will
probably be absent ten days. Mr. Loupe will
inspect on the trip twenty-eight sweet-wine
stills.
NEW to-pat.
We can afford to give
money bick if yem don't
Hke Schilling* s Best tea, bo*
cause few want their money
back. The tea is better
than money, because it
makes you better and hap-
pier than money can make
you.
But we are speaking of
I good fresh - roasted tea,
money-back tea, Schillings
— not of the average
tea, nor of so-called fine
tea. They arc not fresh-
roasted. |
SchiMing* Best—rt. gro-
cers' in packages.
A SeWtline BtC»t»»*-» /-*•'--.
#**«»«nciai:a ■ 61
PERJURY CHARGED
AGAINST DEVOTO,
Said to Have Sworn Falsely
to Become a Bonds
man.
TALE OF AN AFFIDAVIT.
An Attorney's Statement Made
Under Oath Declared to Be
False.
SERIOUS RESULTS THREATENED
The Accused Hay Be Criminally
Prosecuted and His Disbarment
May Be Demanded.
According to the affidavit filed yesterday
with the clerk of Justice of the Peace
Cook, James A. Devoto, an attorney, has
been guilty of moral turpitude, making
him liable to disbarment, the crime of
perjury, laying himself open to prosecu
tion, and has seriously jeopardized the
interests of his client. These are the facts
alleged in the affidavit:
Luigi Gandolfo, about two months ago,
secured judgment against G. B. Arnia
nino for $24150, on a suit before Judge
Cook, babed on a claim for board and
lodging furnished defendant, food fur
nished his horse and storage provided
for his buggy. N. S. Wirt and E. Crisp
represented the plaintiff and James A.
Devoto the defendant.
Defendant filed a notice of appeal, and
his original bondsmen haying been un
able to justify on the appeal bond to the
satisfaction of the court and plaintiff,
Devoto offered to become a surety for his
client, an unusual thing, it is said, for an
attorney to do, and a proceeding that is
looked upon by members of the bar as be
ing hardly within the pale of professional
conduct, though there is no law or rule
against such a proceeding.
In justifying before Judge Cook, the
affidavit avers, Devoto took oath that he
owned certain personal property and also
two lots in Stockton, for which he paid
$250 each, title to which was in his name.
Gandolfo, it is averred, had his suspi
cion aroused over Devoto's action and had
his attorney make inquiry as to the truth
of Devoto's statement that he owned real
estate in Stockton. He was made suspi
cious, he says, by the fact that the ac
cused attorney was unable to describe his
real property otherwise than as being two
unimproved lots in Stockton, located near
the State Insane Asylum.
Correspondence was established with
- 2CEW TO-DAr— AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPENING
TO-JSTICSriKCT 1 !
CENTRAL PARK.
The Big Show of the World!
THE GREAT
ADAH m SELLS
4 PAW m BROS.
America's Greatest
Shows Combined.
DOST MISS SEEISG
2 GREAT PARADES
United at 10 A. M.
The Largest Menagerie
in the World.
iAmorica's Greatest
Shows Combined.
DOJ'T MISS SEEING
2 GREAT PARADES
United at 10 A. M.
The Largest Menagerie
In tne World.
4— CIRCUSES—4
300— Artists— 3oo j
100 — Great Acts— -100
Two Herds of .Performing
Elephants. Educated seals and
Sea Lions. Two Great Hippo-
potami. The only living Rhi-
noceros. Greatest Performing
Beasts. Beyond all comnarison
the largest, richest and most
complete Arenicand Zoological
enterprise In the world. Two performances daily
at . 2 and Bp. m. Doors oi«n an hour earlier.
Seating capacity 15,000 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale nt PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street.
Scale of .trices: General admission 60c; chil-
dren under 9 years, half price: chairs on grand
stand, $1; private boxes with five seats, $7 50;
single seats in private boxes, $1 60.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
HOME PRODUCTS EXHIBITION
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
AND THK
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
Opens September 1 . Closes October 3.
, Machinery in Motion.
' Trade Exhibits in Operation.
The Latest Innovations in Electrical Science.
Picturesque Stands and Booths.
State l-isheries Exhibit.
Carefully Selected Art Gallery.
Orchestra Led by OUST A V HINRICHS.
Thursday, Sept. S— SCOTCH NIGHT.
"Should Auld Acquaintance Be Forgot."
Friday, Sept. 4— BICYCLE NIGHT. 2 Prizes.
Saturday, Scp . S— LETTER CARRIERS' JU-
BILKK and their Military Band.
FAIR OPEN from JO a. M. to 6 P. K.
•« •' " 7:30 to 10 p. m. Evenings.
" " " 7:30 to 11 p. m. Saturdays.
ADMISSION:
Double Reason Ticket..........;. S5 00
Single Season Ticket.. $3 00
Children's Season Ticket... $1 50
Adult Admission '25c
Children— Admission : : .. 15c
THE CHUTES, CASINO
Autl Greatest Scenic Rail tray on Earth.:
Open Dally from 1 to 11 F. 31.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE OK FILIPPES,
THE ZAKFARILLAS.
BRING THE CHILDREN
To See the New Bears and
The Happy Family of Monkeys I
ADMISSION— 10 CENTS."
Children, Including Merry-Go- Round Hide, Scents.
GRAND EXCURSION TO
BOHEMIA
NEXT SUNDAY, SEPT. 6,
Leaves at 8 :30 a. m. via special steamer from
Tiburon Ferry. Special reserved- seat train.
Personally conducted by J. E. Locke. A fine
grill lunch served in Bohemian style or take
basket lunch. ,; Secure seats at 333 O'Farrell st.
daily until 9 p. m. Tickets also on sale at ferry.
FOUR HOURS IN THE BIG-TREE GROVE on
the Russian River.; Only sjsi 25 for round trip.
Children under 12 only 65c.
hew to-day;
| f hat Pleasing f
j Paralyzing Pie! I
]!<■ How good it looks! How ),'
(| good it is ! And how it |1
]') hurts. Why not look into the I \
;I . question of Pill after Pie? |J '
«? Eat your pie and take Ayer's V>
]>) Pills after, and pie will please ( ',
1 >) and not paralyze. \''
•1 AVER'S .- ji
| Cathartic Pills I
\i CURE DYSPEPSIA. $
the Recorder and Assessor of San Foaquin
County relative to the matter, but their
replies were to the effect, says the affida
vit, that Devoto's name did not appear in
the records of that county as showing him
to be the owner of real property of any
kind.
Then to make sure that there was no
mistake in the matter a reputable firm of
searchers oi records was employed to ex
amine the records, and they sent back
word that there was no property on record
in the name of Devoto.
It was on the strength of this informa
tion that the affidavit was filed, and on
which will be based a motion to dismiss
the appeal. The motion will be made on
to-morrow.
It is stated by one of the plaintiff's attor
neys that criminal proceedings may grow
out of the matter, and that the attention
of the Bar Association may be called to
the matter with a view to bringing about
Devoto's disbarment.
KEW TQ.LAY- AMCSJ3MENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
•,'ATTHE T1 CROWDED
Baldwin at every
W^limin PERFORCE
English SARDOU'S N P a
Version &r\r\LJ\J\J O leonic Play
"MADAM SANS GENE"
(MADAME DON'T CAKE.)
. The Success of Two Continent!.
KATHRYN KIDDER
In the Title Bole.
SEATS CAN NOW
BE SECURED
FOR THE NEXT
12 PERFORMANCES
Of This, the Greatest of All Sardou's Flays.
1I a attmf I SEATS
California I NO^ A ° L N E
S1 > 3S"\7"^3 BR.ODZX!,
The World- Famous Brooklyn Bridge Jumper, in
the Healistic, Comic and Sensational Production,
"ON THE BOWERY
; First Presentation Monday Next. Sept. 7th.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Hsu. cu.NiLaTi.NK EU V '». Proprietor &Maa»^«;
Season of" Grand Opera. I
•ro-iixriGniT.
And Saturday Evening, by Special Request,
"RIGOLETTOI"
TO-MORROW
Also Sunday Evening Verdi's Tragic Opera,
"ER.isr^.isri!"
Correct Costumes Beautiful Scenery,
— — NEXT WEEK
Monday and Friday L.TJCTA
Tuesday ...KOJIEO AND JULIET
"Wednesday. Saturday.. ll, TKOVATOKK
Thursday THE BOHEMIAN Gli.li
First Appearance this Season of Mile. IdaValerga,
Popular Prices— and sOc.
TRICDLAfiOLR-OOTTLODft G>- u»MAnorwMtU»-"
the I Lasts
MECHANICS' a
FAIR I month
But Remember,
This Is the Last Week of
"THE SOCIAL TRUST!"
So Beautifully Presented by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Seats on sal© To-day for "THE WIFE,"
Monday Next, Sept. 7.
~MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MORO3CO. Sole Lexsea anj ilaa-u:*:
ROARS OF t.RRIMENT
GREET THOSE TWO .FUNNY FOLKS,
WILLIAMS, Soubrette,
and El>. J.'lli-.KuX. Comedian,
In the Thrilling Nautical Melodrama,
"HELD IN SLAVERY."
Under the Direction of HARRY SKDLEY. r;
Terrific storm With Real Rain! Most Realistic of
Fire Scenes! Exciting Dupl With Knives! .
Great Electric Effects
4 PICKANINNIES 1
NEW SONGS! NEW DAXCKS! NEW SONGS!
Evening Prices— 3sc and 500.
.; ;.;. , , Fomilv Circle and Gallery, 10c
AT A "7 A D Belasco, Doane & Jordan,
ALvn^nn Lessees md Managers.
O'Farrell Street, Bet. TI4FATITD
Stockton and Powell. I IlLn 1 Ltl
CROWDED AND ENTHUSIASTIC HOUSES
GIVE OENEROUS APPLAUSE.
Tbe sparkling Comedy,
"TURNED UP,"
By tbe Alcazar Stock Company of Players.
Prices, 15, 25, 35 and 50 Cents.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
15, 25 and 35 Cents.
PHONE BLACK 991.
Next Week-" The Comforts of Home."
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
ri'Ffirrell Street, Between Stockton and Ponralt.
Week Commencing Monday, Aug. 31.
FILSON &ERROL.
Return Engagement for one WeeK of
LYDIA \EAMANS-TITUS,
Assisted by FRED J. TITUS.
Only 2 nights more of the 4 NELSON SISTERS
and HEKK 'ItCMOW'S TRAINED CATS, also
FAVOR and SINCLAIR.
26 America's Greatest Artists- 36
Reserved seats, 25c : balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. m.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General Admission— Adults 10c fhlldr"n si:.
PICNICS AJfP^EX^URSIOMrS. .
FAMILY EXCURSION
-TO
SANTA CRUZ!
SUNDAY? Sept 6.
From S. P. Ca's Ferry Landing (narrow gauge)
at 7:45 a.m.
Five Hours at the Seashore.
j 72) d£ — ........T1CKET....... ..2>2 —
The excursion will be in charge of MR. WM. H.
MENTON, Excursion Passenger Agent S. P. Co.
Returning arrive at ban Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
For further information apply . at Grand hotel
Ticket Office, 613 Market street.
RICH AHD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen'l Traffic Mgr. ■ Uen'l Pass. Agt
78
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION AND PROSPERITY
LOCAL GERMANS
FOR McKINLEY
A Club of Representative
Men Formed in This
City.
NOT SEEKERS FOR OFFICE
Protection to Home Industries Is
the Aim of Those Who
Have Organized.
K0 FALSE ISSUE FOR THEM
They Want Money That Carries Its
Faco Vaiue All Over the
Globe.
At Norman's hall on Bush street on
last Friday night there was organized a
Republican club in the interest of Major
William McKinley and the party of which
he is the standard-bearer. The organiza
tion has more than ordinary significance
from the fact that the German-American
citizeu is not a professional politician who
makes his voice heard on the eve of every
campaign. Quite the contrary. Seldom
if ever do those serene, thinking, business
people dabble in club politics. They as a
rule quietly discuss the issues of the party
campaign in their clubs and other places
of meeting, and from the exchange of
opinions and facts deduced come to an in
telligent conclusion such as the powers of
the most eloquent orators of the day can
not change.
The ciub just organized has for its offi
cers some of the very best representatives
of the German people in this City. Ali
are men of standing, not only among the
Germau-speaking people, but* with the en
lire mercantile community. And still
better, not one of them is looking for
public office. All are in business, ranking
in the higher planes of independence and
6elf-support.
Consequently, the officers who hare
agreed lo assist their countrymen in hon
oring the Republican nominee for Presi
dent of the United States, together with
the 484 others who signed the roll, have
done so because they believe from long
years of practical experience that the
theory advanced by Mr. Bryan and his
Populist twin brother is false and imprac
ticable from a business standpoint. And
when it comes to business honorable and
legitimate the German has no superior at
home or in foreign lands.
''Though the distinction "German" is
applied to the members', the wor i loses its
distinction where the duties and responsi
biliiiesofci 7 -enshi;) come in, and on this
subject no more tilting and appropriate
language can be found than that which
was made use of by Major William Mc-
Kinley in his greeting to the German-
Americans of Cleveland, Ohio, who called
upon him last Saturday at his home in
Canton. He said :
My fellow-citizens: It is with peculiar pleas
ure and satisfaction that 1 welcome this repre
sentative body of German-American citizens of
Cleveland and of Northern Ohio to the city of
Canton and my own home. I appreciate most
heartily yi.ur cull, which as a compliment to
myself I prize very highly, but more than all
and above all I value it as a significant ex
pression of your interest and zeal in the great
political camtsnig:i up^u wtaieb we have en
[Apflause.] The citizens of the United
have learned not only to respect, but to
depend upon thu Germans hs a great and po
ttin influence in our civilization— snfe and
steady in every emergency and patriotic In
every crisis. [Great applause.] Loving your
mother country as you do an affectionately
does not wean that you love your adopted
country less, out that you have hearts big
enough for the love of both. [Applause and
trios of "Good, good."] Transplanted in the
free soil of Ani'.'riea, German characteristics
strengthened our institutions and exer
cised both a salutary and wise iuflueuce in our
progress as a Na:.
Ix>ve oi Fatherland, that deep and noble
sentiment which has ever distinguished you,
means to our German citizens always love oi
America and her iree institutions and abso
lute aud unqualified devotion to every true
rican interest. [Great applause.] Re
bpect for law and order aud faithlul obedience
to constituted authorities have been distin
guishing traits of the Germans on both sides
oi the Atluntic, while hatred of wrong and op
pression has cnlled him to arms as quickly
from his farm on our Western prairies as from
las ancestral vineyard on the Rhine. His
torians have recorded in all its greatness the
strength and service of that German army
which rallied to the standard of liberty and
isnioii at the cail of Lincoln and enrolled in
its splendid history the imperishable names
of thousands who so nobly suffered and died
fur iheir imperiled country. [Great cheering ]
Kut no such sacrifice, honorable as it is, can
do justice to the services of those brave men,
nor can it estimate at it.> true value their firm
support of the Union in its moral effect upon
all our peopie. [Applause.]
Proudly can the oermau-American soldiers
point to their deeds of valor and Buffering in
that great war. Confidently can theyciaim
that ihey brought no shame upon the German
name and bore themselves upon the battle
fields of America as did the soldiers of Freder
ick and Blucher in the old wars and Yon
Moltke in the greatest European warn of re
tent years. [Great cheerine.] The Govern
ment appreciated their splendid services.
AVhen the news of the in\\ of Richmond
reached Washington the people assembled in
large numbers at the residence of the Secre
tary of Stnte. Responding to their call for *
speech, Mr. Stanton said: "I will now write
my glowing dispatches. What shall I tell the
King of Prussia?" He answered his own ques
tion with this glowing tribute to our German
citizens: "i wli tell him that the Germans
liave been as faithful to the Union standard as
liis excellent Minister, Barorl Gerolt, has been
constant in his friendship to the United
fctates." [Tremendous applause.]
And as it was then so it is now with the
German people of San Francisco. They
bring no shame to their names or tbe
name of thtir country. Industrious, law
abiding, tolerant of their neighbors' views,
i ociable, generous and warm-hearted, the
German has no superior as an American
citizen in his devotion to tbe flag and
restitutions of this Republic.
Major McKiniey indorses these views,
from his experience in the East. Here is
what he said of them on the occasion
; bove nientio.ned:
Bat, my fellow-citizens, it is of the German-
American iv peace that 1 would now speak
vative, industrious, stendy, sensible,
honest, fond of home and family, a good citi
»io—and who could be fond of home and
i-imily and not be a good citizen? [Renewed
cheers and cries of "Hurrah for McKinley."]
Not deluded by false theories of liiiance.nor
misled by catch phrases of the campaign. As
ir: the cri.-is of the Civil War he was faithful
to the country and sustained the nag, so in
t very crisis since he had stood for the. honor
and integrity of the Government of the United
States, always standing opposed to inflation
and repudiation, nomaiter what the form or
Miture of the guise i:i which the spurious
lea were presented. [Applause.] More
than nnce in - ihe ciqse States during the strug
gle for the resumption of specie payments the
German-American vote turned the scale in
iavor of honest finance and tne Nation's
l lighted faith. The German citizens do not
lite either cheap men or cheap money. [Ap
j'uuse and cries of "You are right, they don't *] |
riu-v typify sturdy manhood in their own
lives and they insist upon sound money in
their own business. [Great o.neeriug.] It is
gratifying to every lover oi his country this
year to feel that the German-Americans "of the
Luited States are standing unitedly to-day for
protection to American industries, for protec
tion to American labor, in favor of doing our
work at home and by our American citizens.
[Enthusiastic applause ana cries of "Hurrah
tor McKinley."]
They are in favor of dollars worth 100 cents
each and for the National honor, breaking
with their old party associations because that
party under its new leadership is committed
to inflation and a disordered currency. [Great
cheering.] We welcome them all, both for
what they are and what they have done, and
bid our German fellow-citizens godspeed in
every new effort in the broad fields of business
and statesmanship, to. all of which they have
already contributed so much. [Applause.]
Gentlemen, I highly appreciate the honor oi
this call and the significance of it more than I
can find words to express, and it will give me
sincere pleasure to meet and greet each one
of you personally. [Great cheers and cries oi
"Hurrah for McKinley."]
Such words were the praise spoken by
one of the greatest citizens, Major William
McKinley, in regard to a people who here
tofore never forced themselves into tbe po
litical arena. The Republican people of
San Francisco have good cause to hail
with joy tne acquisition to the party of
progress, protection and prosperity of the
officers and members of the German-
American Republican Club.
The following officers have been elected :
President, Robert Wienecke; vice-presi
dents, F. M. Freund, Julius Meyer and H.
F. Maas; secretary, H. Veroni; treasurer,
William Plagemann. The following were
chosen as an enrolling committee: Charles
Samuels, editor of the Pan Francisco
Abend Poat; J. Butz, W. Koment, Oscar
Tolle and William Gehrke.
The club will meet again next Friday
evening at the same place, and expect to
have the roll Increased to 1000 members.
The executive committee will be ap
pointed by President Wienecke at the
next meeting, after which active cam
paign work will begin and be kept up with
vigor until the day of election.
WOMEN REPUBLICANS.
Rousing Meeting: of the State Cen-
tral Club.
The Woman's Republican State Central
Club held an enthusiastic meeting last
night in Justice Groezinger's courtroom.
Mrs. George E. Spencer, vice-president,
delivered an admirable address, reviewing
generally the political situation. Ad
dresses were also delivered by Louis B.
Solinsky, L. Guslave Schroder, D. Mayer
and Frank B. Mcßeth.
Mr. Solinsky spoke on the campaign is
sues and pointed out how it was possible
to convert unbelievers to protection. Mr.
Schroder cited an object lesson showing
how Sweden had benefited under a system
that the Republicans were now trying to
get adopted. Mr. Mayer spoke on free
silver and protection, and Mr. Mcßeth on
the laboring man and the mills, showing
that the working classes would be bene
fited as much by gold as by silver.
It was decided in future to have no sing
ing at the meetings unless of National
hymns, also that the club should give a
musical and literary entertainment of r
non-political character.
President Wieneke.
Julius Meyer, Second Vice-President.
W. Plagemann, Treasurer. Hans Veroni, Secretary.
OFFICERS OF THE GERMAN-AMERICAN REPUBLICAN CLUB.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
IN THE SHADOW
OF THE CAPITOL
Congressman McCall Says
McKinley Will Surely
Be Elected.
EVEN IN THE SOUTH.
Importance of Electing the Con
gressional Delega
tion.
VIEWS AS TO CALIFORNIA.
Individuals Should Sink Their Differ
ences and Pull Together for*
Success.
Hon. S. W. McCall, Congressman from
Vermont, who made such a telling speech
in behalf of sound money, protection and
good government at the Auditorium on
Tuesday evening, left last evening for
Portland, where he is scheduled for a
speech. He will move on north to Wash
ington, where he has dates for two
speeches; then he will turn Eastward over
the Northern Pacific.
Mr. McCall spent some time yesterday
at the Republican State Committee rooms
in the Palace riotei, and met a number of
the leaders of the party in this State, with
Whom he discussed the situation and com
pared notes. Mr. McCall has traveled
over a large part of the country and visit
ed many States since the opening of the
campaign, and he speaks with the utmost
confidence of the success of the Republi
can party next fall.
'Vermont," said Mr. McCall, "did what
I expected her to do when I left to come
West. She has piled up a bitrger Republi
can majority than ever. From what I
have seen," continued Mr. MeCr]
think McKiirley's election is practically
certain. Since leaving Vermont, where I
F. M. Freund, First Vice-President.
H. F. Mass, Third Vice-President.
opened the campaign, I have traveled
tnrough Michigan to lowa, through Ne
braska and Colorado to California. The
indications when I left Michigan pointed
to an enormous Republican majority. I
am safe, I think, in placing the figure at
"5,000. McKiniey will, I believe, carry
every Northern State east of the Missouri
River and several Southern States — West
Virginia, Maryland and Kentucky, for in
stance, with a fighting chance in some
others. This is from reports brought to
me— l have not myself been in the South.
"Now as to California," said Mr. Mc-
Call, "the situation of the State, its his
tory and its industries are snch that it
certainly ought to go Republican with a
wide margin to spare. To be frank, how
ever, I fear that Republican chances are
somewhat impaired by the differences
that exist between leaders in the party.
So far as I have been able to observe the
State Central Committee ia doing excel
lent work and its officers from Chairman
McLauglilin down are making every ex
ertion to bring the party into line and to
bring out the vote. If the Republicans of
California will sirk personal differences
and will bend their energies toward the
election of Republican electors and legis
lators there could be no doubt of the
party's success. The election of Republi
can legislators is very important as they
will have the choosing of a United States
Senator.
"It is important also that this State
should send a full Republican Congres
sional delegation to Washington at the
next sitting of Congress. Of Mr. Loud of
tliis City Speaker Reed expressed his
opinion when he appointed him chairman
of the Postoffice committee. Hiselection,
lam glad to learn, is almost certain. Mr.
Hilbori has also made an excellent record
in Congress, and it would be a loss to the
California delegation if he were not sent
back.
"While it might seem too sanguine to
expect that Judge Maguire, the only Dem
ocrat in the delegation, should be de
feated I understand that there is a very
good prospect of electing Mr. O'Brien, the
Republican candidate. I hope that he
may succeed as well because lie is a good
man as that he is needed. I emphasize the
importance of electing Republicans to
Congress, because it is not enough that the
party have the executive in order that a
new revenue bill be passed. As I said be
fore the State committee is doing all that
is possible for it to do, and it should have
the active support of every Republican in
California."
Civil Service.
John R. Proctor, president of the Civil
Service Commission, ha 3 issued a printed
circular to be posted in the Custom-house,
calling attention to the provisions of the
civil service act prohibiting persons in the
public service from contributing, receiving
or soliciting political assessments. Presi
dent Proctor adds:
All employes connected witn this district are
hereby notified that they are under no obliga
tion whatever to make subscriptions for polit
ical or other purposes, and that tney will not
be molested or in any way discriminated
against lor failure to so subscribe.
COLONEL SHAW
TALKED FINANCE
Traveled Through the
Mountains With a Camp
ing Outfit.
HE MADE THINGS HOWL
Teaching Political Economy by
Object Lessons on Colored
Paper.
GOLD MINING IN OLD RUSSIA
X ndergart en Method of Explaining the
Financial Problem Was Very
Successful.
Colonel Henry G. Shaw of Stockton was
in the City yesterday. He has just returned
from a trip through Tuolumne and Cala
veras Counties. The Colonel is one of the
Republican speakers in this campaign and
employs original methods in holding the
attention of his audiences. He has had
great success thus far as a campaigner,
voters of all shades of partisan belief re
maining to hear his unique arguments on
the monetary issue, which are illustrated
by silk handkerchiefs, colored strips ol
paper, oyster-shells, pasteboard shadow
graphs and a tri-colorea parity umbrella.
These kindergarten lessons are more ef
fective' than figures in impressing upon
the average mind the dire effects of bilver
monometallism upon the country.
Colonel Shaw traveled along the mother
lode in his own conveyance, a wagon
drawn by two hordes. Upon each side of
the waß'on cover he displayed a portrait of
MoKi::ley, with the word 3, "Protection,
Sound Money and Prosperity." The ban
ners excited much interest along the
route.
"I developed a great deal of feeling as I
drove through the country," said Colonel
Shaw. "I met and passed all sorts of
people. Some were for Bryan and some
for McKinley, and home said they didn't
care which way the election went. I was
hooted, and cheered by turns. I found,
however, that the Republicans as a rule
are all as true as *teei to their party. I
met many Democrats who declared that
they intended this year to vote for Mc-
Kinley and Hobart. The gold miners of
California are not all silver men by any
means. They are beginning to under
stand how the 16 to 1 wave may affect
them and the light is breaking in on them
very fast.
• They are taking alarm at the prospect
that should Bryan be elected their wages
wiil be paid in depreciated silver, while
their employers will sell at a premium the
gold which they are engaged in mining.
They also fear that a Populist-Democratic
victory would be only a long step toward
Government control of the gold mines,
when the Russian example would be fol
lowed in this country and a law would be
passed compelling the gold miners to sell
their product to the Government at a
price fixed by law. You may safely count
on a good Republican majority in the gold
mining counties of California this year."
THE TIDAL WAVE.
11 As Goes Vermont So Goes the
Union," Say They All.
"As poes Vermont so goe3 the TJrion,"
is the cry all along the Republican Jine. It
is not because Vermont went Republican,
for tbat is the way she is built, but it is
because she has rolled up the biggest Re
publican majority in her history and has
exceeded her record by 100 per cent.
This is the significant fact, showing that
the people of that loyal State are wide
awake and that they are not to be deluded
into giving the corrupt and incompetent
Democracy a chance to experiment with
the welfare of the country for four years
longer after tbe bungling administration
of that office-hungry party has well nigh
destroyed it.
A traveling man just arrived from the
East said last night in reply to a question
by ;i Call reporter: "The election in the
East is< ail one way. It is going to be so
much one way that we have almost ceased
to t:ilk about it. That way is the good
old Republican way for protection. Do
you suppose the people of the East are
such fools that they would let the Democ
racy operate upon this country for an
other four years?"
The State Central Committee is receiv
ing letters daily from all parts of the State
making the rao?t fluttering reports as to
the prospects. The masses of the people,
the farmers and the rest of the bone and
sinew, have had t» sober second thought.
They haves«en through the silver dust that
is being kicked up to cloud their vision by
the beela oi the same old Democratic
jucKnss, and they are not going to be fooled
again.
The Republican meetings are being
largely attended in all parts of the State.
On the occasion of Judge Carpenter's visit
to Fresno a few evenings ago, the Barton
Opera-house Was crowded from pit to
dome.
Letters were received from Cucamonga,
San Bernardino County, to the effect that
the monometallic craze is dying out, and
that a strong reaction has set in. Reports
from Riverside County received yesterday
state that Republican meetings are well
attended, and that many converts have
bpen made to RepubticJ'.iism.
N. H. Falk, a lumber merchant of
Arcata, Humboldt County, was seen at
the Grand Hotel last night. He said the
people of Humboldt County were en
thusiastic for McKinley and protection,
and that they would render a good ac
count of themselves on election day.
P. A. Buell, one ot the leading mer
chants of Stockton, said last night: "Pro
tection is the only issue before the people.
Stockton is a manufacturing town and its
manufacturers never have had any diffi
culty in noting enough silver and gold to
pay for their raw material and for their
labor. There Is plenty of money in the
country. All that is wanted is the oppor
tunity for its investment. Protection and
the ascendency of the Republican party
will uive that .opportunity. The people of
Stockton will not be likely to vote against
the material interests of their city. There
are a few silver men there, but the mono
metallic fever is dying away."
Hon. J. Frank Aldrich, Con-gressman
from Illinois, said last night tbat from
what he had seen in California, Oregon
and Washington he was confident that the
Pacific Coast would be solid for protection
and McKiniey. "Illinois and Minnesota,
in spite of what may be said to the con
trary, are safe for McKinley," he added.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS.
New Headquarters Selected on
Sutter and Kearny Streets.
The Young Men's Republican League
met in Justice Kerrigan's courtroom last
liight, President Frank K. Spencer in the
chair. After a general talk on tbe politi
cal situation the question of the new head
quarters for the league was discussed, and
it was decided to open them on Saturday
nipht, September 12, when a "high jinks"
will be held. The location selected is on
the corner of Satter and Kearny streets.
The drill corps of the league was put
through a number of evolutions in a tall
on Bush street, last night, by the new
commander. Dr. Clement. The corps will
soon be in a position to give a public ex
hibition of its proficiency.
ELECTION COMMISSIONERS
They Refuse to Receive Any More
Representatives.
The Board of Election Commissioners
at their meeting this morning received a
communication from Joseph Spear asking
that A. J. Morgenstern and A. Barnard
should be allowed to represent the Repub
lican Fourth Congressional District com
mittee before the Election Commission.
Morgenstern declared -that there was a
split in the party and that there were two
County committees, and he asked the
Election Commission to decide which was
the proper one.
Aiva Watt denied that there was any
split In the party. The infinitesimally
small faction represented by Morgenstern
was too dead to make a noise.
The board did not taKe any action on
the matter, and after that order of busi
ness had passed Block moved that the
board refuse to recognize any further rep
resentatives.
Cresweii, in the chair, ruled the motion
out of order, as that, order of business had
been passed. He said, however, that it
could be recpened on « -motion to go back
to the former orderof business.
The vote on the motion stood as follows:
Ayes, Block and Broderick; noes, Cres
well and Tilton, and it was therefore de
clared defeated.
The following namea were stricken from
ttie great register, it having been found
that the persons named did not reside at
the addresses given by them. If they can
be found they will be prosecuted for
felony :
T. E. Meyer. 703 Post street; Herbert
Allen, 2106 Bush; C. Merrill, 863 Market,
and C. B. Remington, 863 Market.
The name of William Oliver ot 736 Mc-
Allister street was dropped because he
failed to answer the citation to appear be
fore the board and answer questions.
The board will meet again this morning.
INDORSE SPRECKELS.
Scandinavian Republicans Are Sat-
isfied With His Leadership.
A large and enthusiatic meeting of the
members of the Scandinavian Republican
Club was held last evening. Spirited ad
dresses were made by C. Johannson, F.
Sharp, C. H. Erickson, C. H. Petersenand
A. Olsen. Local as well national politics
claimed the attention of the different
speakers. At the close of the speeches a
committee was appointed to make arrange
ments for a grand rally at their next regu
lar meeting, September 8, at the usual
time and place. Good music, with other
forms of entertainment, will be enjoyed.
Before the meeting adjourned the follow
ing resolutions were adopted :
Xtsolved, That we, the undersigned members
of the Scandinavian Republican Club, do
hereby pledge our support to the nominees of
the Republican party, McKinley ana HoDart;
and be it further
Resolved, That we respectfully request the
Republican Municipal Convention to place in
nomination men who are well known to the
community, and of sterling integrity; and
that said nominees be selected from the differ
ent classes that go to make up the rank and
file of the Republican party, and we think
this course essential for the success of the
Ufket; be it further
hesolvtd. That we do hereby approve of the
leadership of John 1). Spreckels.
LECKY ON FREE TRADE,
Some Handy Literature for the
Wise Men of the
Colleges.
Professor Moses of Berkeley Is Sup
plied With a Campaign
Document.
A few days ago a well-known and pro
gressive citizen of San Francisco had g
campaign card published on good Bristol
board. The following is printed in bold
letters on one side of the card:
FREE TRADE.
W. H. Lecky, the English historian (now an
M. P.), in his recently published work,
"democracy and Liberty," has this to say in
volume 2, chapter 8!
The other side of the card contains this
extract:
No fact is more conspicuous in the nine
teenth century than the strength of the reac
tion that has taken place against the free trade
or "laissez-faire" principles which within the
memory of men still living were almost com
pletely dominant in the more advanced econ
omical teaching of the world, and which
seemed likely in a few years to control all the
more civilized legislation. Whether we look
to the despotic monarchies or to the demo
cratic republics— whether we consider the
crowded populations of Europe or the thinly
scattered inhabitants of Australia or New Zea
land—the same lesson may be learned.
N arly every where the old iree-trade doc
trine is a vanquished or a declining creed and
the chief disputes relate to the forms which
protection should take; to the degree* to
which it may be Wisely carried; to the advan
tage of establishing a preferential treatment
in favor of different parts of the same empire.
In England more thmi in any other great
country free trade holds its ground and it still
governs our commercial legislation. But Eng
land is very isolated, and if 1 read aright
; average educated opinion the doctrine lias
bec-Tiie something very different from the
confident enthusiastic evangel of Cobdei:. It
! has come to mean i ittle more than a conviction
that, if all nations agreed to adopt free trade,
it would be a benefit to the world as a whole,
though not to every part of it; that, though
protective duties are of great value in foster
ing the infancy of manufactures, they should
not be continued when these manulactures
have reached their maturity; thai free trade
is the manifest interest of a great commer
cial country which does not produce sufficient
food for its subsistence, while its ships may be
met on every sea and its inanutactuies might
a! most supply the world; that cheap raw ma
terials and cheap food are essential conditions
of English manuiacturing supremacy.— Lecky's
"Democracy and Liberty."
Cards of the foregoing type have been
freely distributed to the college professors
of the Pacific Coast. Special care was
taken that Professor Moses of Berkeley
should'receive a card. It was fancied by
the sender that Mr. Moses nad been one
of the most active apostles of free trade at
the Berkeley institution, and fearing that
he might have overlooked Lecky's last
observations the extract was forwarded.
Swedish Fair and Festival.
The Swedish Lutheran Ebenezer church is
preparing to hold a fair and national festival
in Odd Fellows', Hall, commencing October 13
and continuing five days. Hon. W. W. Thomas
Jr., ex-Minister to Sweden and Norway and
other prominent speakers will bo present.
Scores of men and women in nntlonal costumes'
tableaux representing scenes In Swedish
history singing and music of the best Swedish
arranged fo? >area part °* the *«""«»
Missing: People
Mrs. Margaret Campbell, 1031 Broadway, re
ported to tbe police yesterday the dis
appearance of her husband on Monday
afternoon. He was at times lightheaded,
and had not done any work lor years He is
G3 years of age, 5 feet 6% inches ta.l, very thin
srav beard, mustache and hair. Mrs Heiss,
201/ Devssadero street, also reported the dis
appearance of her servant girl, Lena Muckey.
on Tuesday night. Lena is 30 years of aue
and a good girl, and Mrs. Heiss is afraid she
has met with foul play.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE ARCHBISHOP
TO BE THE FIRST,
His Grace Will Open the
Y. M. I. Course of
Lectures.
"LIBERTY" HIS TOPIC.
What the Central Lecture
Bureau Is Doing for
Catholics.
SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION
Each Branch of the Institute Must
Give a Discourse at Least
Once a Year.
The first lecture to be given under the
auspices of the Central Lecture Bureau of
the Young Men's Institute will be given
in Metropolitan Hall September 9. As a
fitting beginning of the work anticipated
by tbe bureau Archbishop Riordan will
deliver this lecture, and it is to be given
under the auspices of Pioneer Council No.
1, the first established branch of the insti
tute. The subject selected by the Arch
bishop is "Individual and Political Lib
erty." Past Grand President Frank J.
Kierce will act as presiding officer, and in
addition to the discourße by the distin
guished Bpeaker there will be musical and
literary numbers on this programme.
The third lecture will be given in Mis
sion Parlor Hall, on Seventeenth street,
under the auspices of Mission Council ]No.
3, on October 1. The lecturer on this occa
sion will be the Rev. Peter C. Yorke, and
he will speak on "What Catholics Do Not
Believe." As this lecture is intended for
people of the Mission district a hall in
thai neighborhood was chosen.
Father Yorke will deliver the second
lecture of the series in Vallejo, September
18, under the auspices of Vallejo Council
No. 13. For this discourse the able lec
turer has taken the subject: "The Pope
and the People."
It is expected by the bureau that Bishop
Montgomery will come here from Loa
Angeles and deliver lectures for the insti
tute. Besides it is proposed to send speak
ers to Los Angeles, and to have lecturers
change with those in Sacramento, Hum
boldt County, Stockton and San Jose.
The Central Lecture Bureau has been
permanently established, with offices in
the new headquarters of the Young Men's
Institute, in the Parrott building. Ac
cording to a new article of the constitution
each council of the institute must give at
least one lecture a year under direction of
the bureau, which selects the speaker and
the subject. •All these lectures are to be
free, but admission is restricted to those
having tickets issued by members of the
council under which each lecture is given.
An official bulletin has been issued by the
bureau to the officers and members of
councils. It contains the following:
We do not need to inform you of the attacks
which have been rnaHe during the past few
j-ears on our faith and on our society. These
attacks have been instigated by malice and
carried on by misrepresentation, calumny at.d
untruth. No matter how ridiculous they may
seem to us, we must remember that many of
our fellow-citizens are ready to believe them.
Their early training, their environment now,
their reading, makes them prone to swallow
any calumny, no matter how monstrous, which
is uttered against Catholicism. If these
calumnies are allowed to go unanswered, the
general public will come to believe that we
have no answer to make. They judge of us as
they judge of themselves. Whenever anything
is said derogatory to them, their institutions,
their characters, their homes, their families,
immediately they spring to the front to repel
these charges; and no one blames them. If a
man's character is worth anything to him, it
is surely worth defending.
The twelfth Grand Council ol the Y. M. I.
has determined that an organized effort shall
be made by our beloved order to counteract
tbe charges made against Catholicism in gen
eral and against the Y. M. I. in particular.
Therefore a plan has been adopted according
to which lectures shall be given under the
auspices of the institute in every council of
the jurisdiction. Means will be taken to an
swer every calumny as soon as it is uttered
and where it is uttered. Literature will be
distributed both for the instruction of the
mem burs of the institute and for distribution
to those who may have been evily affected by
the literature from the other side.
The worthy grand president has appointed
the following as members of the central lec
ture bureau: Two years— Hon. J. F. Sullivan,
Rev. James McDonald, F. J. Kierce, John
Lynch. O.ie year— Key. P. C. Yorke, Major
James F. Smith, Thomas H. Fallon, J. C.
O'Donnell.
These appointments were dated June 17,
189(5, and on the following Monday the mem
bers named met at tne rooms of the Young
Men's Institute in this City, aud organized as
foHows: Rev. P. C. Yorke, president; F. J.
Kierce, vice-president; Johu E. Richards Jr.,
secretary; John O'Donnell, treasurer.
The first step after organization was to es
tablish local lecture bureaus in Los Angeles,
in Sacramento and in Virginia City. The ter
ritory distributed to these local bureaus was:
For Los Angeles, the diocese of Los Angeles;
for Sacramento, all of the diocese oi Sacra
mento lying in the State of California, and for
Virginia City, the State of Nevada.
The members of the local bureau of Los
Angeles are the Right Rev. George Montgom
ery and I. B. Dockweiler, both of whom are
empowered to select a third member. For the
local bureau of Sacramento the members are
the Right Rev. Thomas Grace and W. F
Gormeley. These gentlemen are also em
powered to select a third. For the State of,
Nevada the members of the local bureau are
Rev. Father Tubman and George D. Pyne.
these gentlemen also being empowered to se
lect a third member.
Aiter going into details of the design
and methods of the bureau, the com
munication closes as follows:
In conclusion, we ask you to strengthen our
arms to this srreut work to wiiich we have been
called. We believe that there is no work so
much required in these, our days; no work
which will bear such abundanr fruit for God
and country. By counsel, by co-operation, by
energy, by zeal, we all can have a share of it.
We ask you knowing that we will receive a
response for that counsel, that co-operation,
that energy and that zeal. Now, more than
ever, it is the duty of every Catholic to stand
up for the honor of his Church ; and now, more
than ever, it is the auty oi every member of
the Young Men's Institute to work heart and
soul for the good of the institute. Yours sin
cerely, Jkter C. Yokke. President.
John E. Richards Jk., Secretary.
Arrested in Sau Jose.
W. M. Schmalz, 850 Market street, swore to
a complaint in Judge Joachimsen's court yes
terday charging James Stewart with grand
larceny. On August 27 a hunting-case gold
watch and fob chain, a pair of pearl and dia
mond earrings, ft bi* pin set with diamonds,
two rubies mid $15 in money were stolen from
t(ri Scbniftiz's room, and part. of the Stolen
property lms been recovered in San Jose,
where Stewart was arrest -d.
Malicious Prosecution.
The ca«e of Stephen Otis, the broker, charged
with felony embezzlement by Mrs. Annie Mc-
Manus, a widow, was called in Judge Camp
bell's court yesterday and continued till
Friday. Mr. Otis declared that he would swear
out a complaint this morning charging Mrs.
McManus with malicious prosecutiou.
The Queen's footmen wear wigs which
have eight rows of curJs, whereas those of
the Prince of Wales are allowed seven rows
and those of the Lord Mayor of London
are given six only.CAMPBELL'S STORY
OF HIS ABDUCTION
Strange Tale Told in Judge
Wallace's Court Yes
terday.
KIDNAPED ANDIROBBED.
The Capitalist Swears He Was
Foully Treated by 0. W,
Winthrop.
HIS STRUGGLE FOR LIBERTY.
Handcuffed, Gagg-d and Chained to His \
B:d, He Says He Would Not
Be Blackmailed.
The Inking of testimony in the case of
Oliver W. Winthrop, accused of having
kidnaped and robbed in August last
.lames O. Campbell, the aged millionaire
of Hawaii, was begun yesterday before
Judge Wallace and a jury in department
ti. Superior Court. During nearly all the
time of the session the crowd of spec
tators present was entertained by the old
capitalist, who told « strange story of vio
ifiice, robbery and attempted extortion.
He went fully into the details of his
thrilling adventure, and his language and
manner were well calculated to impress
the jury with its truth.
Assistant District Attorney Biack. at
the opening of the morning session, said
that when Winthrop rented the cottage
at 4109 California street he aore a mus
tache but not side whiskers, as he had
erroneously stated on Tuesday.
Policeman G. W. Russell, the first wit
ness for the prosecution, exhibited and
explained a diagram be bad made, show
ing the exterior and interior of tne Califor
liia-street cottage, where the millionaire
waged such a plucty battle lor the pos
session of his wealth. The cottage fronted
|'n California street, and was between
Third ana Fourth avenups. In the base
ment were a kitchen, dining-room and
conservatory, and on the floor above a
parlor and three bedrooms.
Campbell was on tiie stand ihe rest of
the day under direct and cross examina
tion. His tale does not differ essentially
from that publis ed in the paper* at the
time, Out it was related more in detaii anil
with a most convincing air of sincerity
In substance he said:
"1 am 68 years of age, a carpenter by
trade. My home is in Honolulu, where
I've resided for forty-six year 1 -. My busi
ness has been that of a sugar-planter
and stock- raiser. For the last five years
I've been out of active business, though I
Blill retain my interest in several island
enterprises. I began life there as a car
penter, then went into the woods and
made « sugar-mill to grind out sugar. I
t\ as married eighteen years ago.
'In April last I came irom Honolulu to
San Francisco.
"1 first met Winthrop at the Venciome
Hotel In San Jose, where I was visiting: on
the 31-t of August. He introduced him
self to me under a false name, said he
wirhed to go to the islands .and inquired j
Campbell Explains How He Was Handcuffed.
concerning the coffee lands there. He
said that he had $70,000, realized from the
sale of v 'anch.and was desirous o: invest
ing the money In the islands. I advised
him to go down there and see things for
himself. He said he should were it not lor'
\he bad health of his wife, whom he would
like me to visit and enlighten her abottt
the climate. I answered that in n few |
days I should be in San Francisco and i
then, if time permitted, I would call on
lier.
"My next meeting with Wintbrop was
in the afternoon of Monday, August 3, in
ttie Occidental Hotel in "this City. H*
wished me to accompany him. but I was \
on my way to the Anglo-CaliforniaM Bank |
to draw some money and told him 1 hul :
iot the time. After returning to tiie j
ziotel I again sayv W nthrop and at his
pressing solicitation walked "down Mont- j
goraery street with him, took the Sacra- J
njento-street car and finally arrived at tuc |
cottage on California street. I had in my j
Winthrop and His Wife Sat a Few Feet Apart During the Trial
pockets the ?250 I had drawn from the
bank, $55 in bills and some loose change.
The carfare on the way oiu was paid by
Winthrop. We sat down in the parlor
and in a few minutes I inquired of Win
throp for his wife, explaining that I was
in a hurry. He said be would see and
left the room, returning without her, but
saying that she would come soon.
"While waitine there with my bat on,
but prepared to take it off as soon as the
lady should come, a masked man sud
denly appeared in the doorway, with a
pistol in his hand, and commanded me to
throw up my hands or he would shoot.
Winthrop put up his hands and advised
me to do so also, but I struck the masked
man a blow in the head with my clencned
fist, and ne went down. At the same in
stant the pistol went off and the ball
crazed my temple and passed through the
brim of my hat. I tried to grab the pis
tol, when Winthrop hit me from behind,
telling the man on the loor, whom he
called Pete, to bold on to the pistol. I
next attempted to cot out of the house
and had the front door partly open, when
Winthrop again attacked me, hitting me
with some hard substance behind the
ear and knocking me insensible."
The rest of the witness' testimony was a
recital of how he had been tied hand and
foot and his money taken from him by
Pete, as directed by Winthrop. Subse
quently he was gagged and handcuffed,
stretched upon a bedstead and chained to
staples in the floor. In this tortured and
half-starved condition, he said, his ab
ductors made repeated attempts to get
him to sign a paper which would enable
them to get $20,000 of his money, but he
stoutly resisted until finally he was re
leased. The chain with a split link, the
capitalist's torn frock coat, the handcuffs,
a rat-tail file and the bloodstained bed
clothes were introduced in evidence, and
proved to be convincing though silent wit
nesses.
"When on Wednesday Winthrop told
me that he had ordered Pete to set me
tree," said Campbell, 'he advised me in
the future never to make friends with
strangers. My pocketbook, letter of credit
and keys were returned to me, but not the
money. At about 8:30 p. m. Wednesday
Pete led me out the back door and put me
aboard of a Geary-street car. I walked
from the terminus to my hotel, sent for
Captain Lees and Detective Curtin and
went with them in a carriage back to the
cottage that same night. Winthrop aoes
not look now as he div when I saw him at
the cottage. He has shaved off his mus
tache."
Attorney Bell had begun to cross-exam
ine the witness when the court adjourned
until 10 o'clock this morning.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
VERY COLD FROST
PREVENTS FUSION,
: Recess for Meditation by
i the Three-Headed
Committee.
ALL EYES ON THE THIRD
After the Democrats Nominate
the Fusionists Will Do
Something.
JOY OF THE EAILROAD MEN.
Government Ownership of Public
Utilities Will Not Be an Issue
in the Campaign.
The joint fusion committee of Demo- j
crats, Populists and silver men have found
that the world is not going well with
them. Tne refusal of Monteith and Me- j
Glashan, Populists, and of Kelly and Mad
dux, Democrats, to withdraw hasdiscon
certed them very much, for it has dig- j
arranged the slate materially.
The Democrats will not be able to de
liver the goods in the districts represented
by KelJy and Maddux, and the Populists
will not be able to keep their agreement j
with tne Democrats in the districts repre- }
sented by Monteith and McGlasbau. The
defection of the four candidates, however,
will be a good excuse for the Democracy
failing to keep ita promise to the Popu
lists, that it would give them three Con- j
gres smeu, and it now looks as if all the I
Populists would get would be two, and ■
those two in strong Republican districts j
where there is uoi the remotest chance of
winning.
The shrewd Democratic managers would j
rather put up a Populist to be sfaughtered :
in a Republican district than a Democrat,
because in that event tbe loss of prestige |
would tail upon the People's party and not
upon the Democratic party.
Tiie whole object of the fusion on the
Democratic side is to obtain the support
of the Populists of California for as many
Democratic Congressmen as possible. The
Southern Pacific Company is helping the
fnsionists by insisting that Monteith shall
be kept out of the light, because Monteith
has fought that company and Collis P.
Huntington most bitterly on behalf of the
railroad strikers.
It is, also, in an underhanded way,
through paid agents, keeping up the silver
craze among the Populists, whose politi
cal belief, most inconsistently, is fiat
money and who have stultified themselves
in the mad rush for office, thus showing
that they are no more unselfish or purer
of motive than the corrupt parties of j
which their orators are in tbe habit oi
speaking. Another reason why the South
era Pacific Company is desirous of keep
ing the silver madness among the Popu
lists at its height is because the Govern
ment ownership and management of rail
roads will not be made an issue during
this campaign.
Fiatism, direct legislation, proportional |
repiesentation, the initiative and toe refer- '
endum, Government ownership of public
utilities — all those important principles !
lor which Populism is struggling — have
oeen cast abide under the hypnotic spell of
Senator Stewart, a millionaire and a
grinder of the faces of the poor in their
own sweat and in the lust for office.
To the Populists the Democratic Con
i gressmen are pledged only for the free
I coinage of silver. No Democratic Con-
I gressman will vote for any of those prin- j
cipies of which they are so proud.
The leaders of the People's party of tbis ]
' State are not at all in touch with the great !
mass of their constituents. This tact is j
clearly shown by the altitude of nine- I
tenths of the Populist organs, which are ,
opposed to sacrificing the principles of
the party, even lor a temporary political
advantage.
T. V. Cator, the People's party nominee !
I for United States Senator from California, j
! has fallen very much in popularity. He
seems at present to be more interested in
and more closely connected with the Sil
i ver party than he is with the People's .
| party. But he says that he should not be J
! singled out, for John S. Dore advocated ,'
i the nomination of Bryan in the St. Louis '
convention, and he does not see why Mr. j
Dore should not bear a part of the burden
j upon his broad.sboulders.
The fusion committee resumed its con
! ference at 11 o'clock yesterday morning, I
j and after talking over the puzzling matter j
I adjourned until next Saturday afternoon '
lat 1 o'clock. They passed a resolution to j
the effect that they believed it would be
no more than equal justice ;o all the can- ■
didates to wait until after the Democrats
• made their nominations in the Third Con- !
gressional District next Friday, and that
j they therefore would not proceed with the <
final consideration of the claims of any
candidate until then.
The Democrats and Silver men seem to
have the People's party State Central
Committee at their mercy in those fusion
attempts. Not one of the Populist com
ruitteemen will say anything on the sub
ject to reporter*, and they are preserving
a secrecy which would be mysterious were
it not so ridiculously ineffective.
Trouble is Breeding in the Third Dis
trict. W. A. Vann is the Populist nomi
nee there, and three-fourths of the district
convention which noruinntedhim say that
he will not be permitted to withdraw
uncier any circumstances and that he must
be made the fusion candidate. If the
fusionists decide upon any other person
they wiil run Mr. Vann as an independent
candidate.
M. F. Tarpey, ex-Democratic National
Committeeman, and Warren English are
candidates for the Democratic nomination
for Congress from the Third District.
Kach is strong and influential in his party
and whichever one of them shall be nomi
nated Will in all likelihood be the fusion
candidate. The district is one of the most
important in the State and it will not be
placed in the hands of a Populist.
Senator H. C. Gesford, Mr. Caminetti's
successor on the fusion committee, was
appointed with W. P. Lawlor and L. M.
Landsborough as a committee to formu
late a report which the conference com
mittee at the close of its deliberations
shall make to the State Central Commit
tees of the Democratic. Populist and Sil
ver parties.
Surah Jciiks' Kstate.
George K. Frisbie, nephew of Sarah Jenks,
who recently <iied, leaving a large portion of
her $8000 estate to B. F. Bahr, a friend, has
H ed a protest niraiust the appointment of
Bahr as atlministratorof the estate. He alleges
that Bahr is a gambler and that xn indictment
lor perjury committed in 1880 hangs over him.
SOUTHERN SUFFRAGISTS.
Miss Hay and Mrs. Holbrook-
Blinn Charmed With
Their Visit.
Efficient Methods, Able Officers and
Willing. Workers Seem to
Fresage Success.
Delighted with their trip, Miss Mary G.
Hay and Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Biinn re
turned yesterday from their labors in the
woman suffrage cause in the southern
portion of the State.
'•We had a truly glorious time," com
mented Miss Hay shortly after her arrival.
"I was delighted to observe the ardent
devotion to the cause displayed by the
women of Southern California. As State
organizer it was incumbent upon me to
note the progress of the work in every
section of the State, and I tooK Mrs. Hol
brook-Blinn along with me as a valued
aid.
"While the organization of the cam
paign work throughout the south seems
simply perfect, I was most impressed by
the magnificent system and order whicb
characterizes the work in Los Angeles.
Our arrival there was unannounced and
unexpected, but we did not catch our
faithful workers napping. We found the
precinct organization of tbe city and its
vicinity admirable in its efficiency. The
officers are earnest, devoted ladies of the
highest social rank, while thousands of
willing, tireless workers render them able
and unfailing support and assistance."
Mrs. Holbrook-Blinn also expressed her
self as charmed with what she had seen in
Southern California and its metropolis.
"Invitations just rained in upon us,"
she remarked, "and we found it physi
cally impossible to accept a tenth of them.
Still we were kept busy. On Monday
morning we attended a meeting of the
city executive committee at the magnifi
cent headquarters in the Muskegan block.
Tho order and harmony which distin
guished the gathering impressed me most
powerfully, in th 6 aiternoon there was
an immense mass-meeting, held under
the auspices of the general city com
mittee, wnich comprises several hundred
ladies well known in social circles.
"In the evening there was a parlor meet
ing at the elegant home of Mrs. Fay on
Orange street, at which we addressed"sev
eral hundred persons and converted two
or three scores of voters, if rumor be cor
rect. On Tuesday forenoon we had a
drive through the city and its environs,
after which we had lunch with Mrs. Alice
Moore-McComas, Mrs. Maynard and Mrs.
Ludlum— charming ladies and redhot suf
fragists, tbe three oi them. Then we took
tbe afternoon train for home and here we
are."
To-day Mrs. Naomi Anderson, the col
ored suffragist orator, who has been doing
abie work among voters of her race in and
about Fresno, is expected to arrive here.
She writes that she rinds joy and encour
aeemeut in her work and is ready to con
tinue it wherever the State committee
may decide to send her.
Tbis evening the committee will hold
one of its pleasant "at homes" in its ele
gant headquarters in the Parrott building.
The commodious rooms are being taste
fully and elaborately decorated for the
occasion, and if to-night's reception equals
that of a lortnicht ago it will be a most
enjoyable event.
• — ■*. — «
Suit for ]>ainage*
Jessel Yatcs lias sued the Oakland Railroad
Company for $5250 damages for injuries sus
tained in an Oakland streetcar acclaenu
CUSTOMS SCANDAL
FLAMES OUT ANEW
Louie Quong, the Suspended
Interpreter, Under
Indictment.
WAS WILLIAMS' FEIEND.
Now Charged With the Grave
Offense of Subornation
of Perjury.
A CHINESE GIRL IN THE CASF.
Woes of a Celestial Maiden Who
Sought to Land Hare for
Immoral Purposes.
Louie Quong, the Chinese interpreter
now under suspension and incidentally
the side partner of Dick Williams, was
indicted by the United.States Grand Jury
last Saturday on a charge of subornation
of perjury. A similar charge against Wil
liams was dismissed because of insuffi
cient proof.
The Grand Jury has not yet signed the
indictment, but the paper will be drawn
up by Assistant United States Attorney
Sculessinger to-day and submitted to the
jury for formal acceptance and return at
to-morrow's session.
The indictment of Louie Quong is but
another end to the so-called Cus
tom-house scandal. The particular
crime alleged against the Chinese
is found in the case of Dong Sun
Yep, a pretty Chinese maiden of 18 sum
mers. According to the complaint now
on file Quong will find his time pretty
well occupied in satisfactorily explaining
the allegations.
It appears that some months ago Dong
Sun Yet arrived from Hongkong. Her
credentials were not strictly first class and
she was consequently held pending inves
tigation. The girl was erdered to the
Chinese Mission, Louie Quong being
specially delegated to give her safe escort.
Some weeks later the habeas corpus pro
ceedings occurred before Commissioner
Heacock, with the result that the girl was
refused a landing. Certain proof, along
with pictures, wa s produced at the time
tending to show that Dong Sun Yet was a
native-born. She swore the photographs
submitted had been taken in Hongkong,
and this testimony was tacitly corrobo
rated by Louie Quong.
In spite of this evidence, however, Dong
Yet was ordered returned to China, but
the Government detained her here pend
ing a further investigation of the case as
far as it related to the testimony of Quong
and others.
The local Federal authorities began a
systematic review of the case, with the re
sult that the United States Grand Jury
has decided to return an indictment
against Louie Quong for subornation of
perjury, it was shown that when Quong
escorted Dong Sun Yet to the Chinese Mis
sion he did not go directly to that place
Instead, be stopped at a photographer's
establishment and bad the picture of his
fair countrywoman taken. It was this
picture which was produced before Com
missioner Heacock and sworn to as hav
ing been taken in Hongkong. Quong, un
der oath, stated that he had never had the
girl photographed.
But it seems that Dong Sun Yet re
pented of all tbis deception. She has
made a full confession that the picture
was taken in this City and that, too, at
the instigation of Louie Quong. The girl
further says that while she was in the
photograph gallery Williams came in and
was at least indirectly connected with the
proposed fraud. As corroborative of the
nictnre and of the story an expert
photographer was before the Grand Jury
and swore positively that the likeness had j
been taken in San Francisco, or rather !
that it was an American production.
Incidentally it may be remarked that I
Dong Sun Yet also confessed she had been J
brought to this country to be sold as a |
slave for immoral purposes. The photo
graph taken at the request of Louie Quong
was to have served a double purpose.
First it was to be used in the fraud at
tempted on the Government ar>d then
displayed to the Chinese slave-buyers.
On this latter opinion would depend her
money value for the purposes desired.
Volunteers of America.
Arrangements are now being made for the
reception of Mrs. Ballington Booth, wbo will
be in San Francisco on the last of this month.
The pians so far outlined are as follows: Mrs.
Booth will speak two nights, Tuesday and
Wednesday. September 2!> and 30, in Metro
politan Temple. The first night her subject
will be "The Volunteers of America, Their
Work, Principles and Future"; the second
night, "The Prisoners of Our Country, Their
Need and How to Answer It." Mrs. Booth
will hold meetings in most of the principal
cities of California, and will explain the vol
unteer work. Major Blackburn is on a trip
north opening post* in Montana. Oregon and
Washington. The uew movement is steadily
gaining ground and it is expected that the
coming visit of Mrs. Booth will give it a new
impetu».
BRITAIN'S BOLD STAND,
She Will Deal With the
Porte Independently if It
Is Necessary.
Sir Philip Curr.e, Biilish Embassa
dor to Turkey, Receives
His Orders.
LONDON, Esq., Sept. 2.— lt is learned
in the Foreign Office to-day that Sir
Pbilip Currie, British Embassador to
Turkey, who started on his retnrn to Con
stantinople on Monday, left England with
instructions in dealing with the Sultan to
act independently of the other EmDassa
dors to the Porte if the occasion should
require it Sir Philip, according to this
source of information, is also to have free
command of British naval aid to enforce
such demands as he may make. The Sul
tan will be advised of the change in Eng
land's policy in Turkey immediately after
the arrival of Sir Philip in Constanti
nople.
Groan Valley .Vine Accident.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., Sept. 2.— James
Williams, a miner working at the Massa
chusetts Hill mine, was caved on by a
quantity of earth yesterday and had three
ribs broken.
":-.J . . NEW TO-DAT-DBT GOODS.
TO-DAY'S LEADERS
P noivt
I OUR GREAT
CLOSING-OUT SALE
f^Tffl
$300,000 WORTH
„ . . . „ ,^^ip|
DRY GOODSJijmOARS!
To illustrate the bargains that are drawing such crowds to our
great sale we present a few of the special lines that are tp-day
offered for clearance
j REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE!
VEILING! VEILING! VEILING!
-A.* 85 Oentsi JH3«.cla.
; 38 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED WASH VEILS, regular price 50c,
reduced to 35c each.
*A.t 4O Cents Eacli.
32 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED WASH VEILS, regular price 75c. re-
duced to 40c each.
-A.t 43 Cents 33£t.o]a..
29 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED WASH VEILS, regular price 85c, re-
duced to 45c each.
-A.* SO Cents Baon.
26 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED WASH VEILS, regular price $1, re-
duced to 50c each.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
-A.t SO Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of good quality percale, in all fancy shades, latest
style goods, with bishop sleeves, worth $1 and $1 25, will be closed out at 50c each.
-A.t 73 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, "Stanley waist." all fancy shades,
regular price $1 25 and $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
-A-t SI.OO.
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and striped
and figured percales, this season's goods, regular price $2 and $2 50, will be closed
out at $1 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES! \
-A.t SO Cents.
200 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, ir. black, regular value 85c, will be closed out at
50c a pair. \ ;-.-''
-A.t 75 Cents.
187 dozen 4-BTTTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES, embroidered backs,
colors red. brown, tan and navy, also black, regular value $1 25, will be closed out
at 75c a pair.
-A.t 75 Cents.
196 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in white and black, handsomely embroidered
in colored stitchings, regular value $1 2,3, will be closed out at 75c a pair.
: -A.t SI.OO.
175 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY GLOVES, genuine French kid. colors red, tan and
brown, regular value $1 50, will be closed out at $1 a pair.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
:* ■ ■ .- ...... '■-..... -A.t 85 Conts.
I 80 pieces 40-INCH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, in figured and brocatelle effects reg-
ular price 40c, will be offered at Hoc a yard. ' .
-A-t SO G7on.ts.
68 pieces 40-INCH ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS, in bourettes, armure and mixed ef-
f ects, will be offered at 50c a yard.
-A.t 73 Cents.
39 pieces 45-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NEW DRESS GOODS, two-toned colorings
regular price $1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
u&»t 7S Cents a T?*«,rc3L.
100 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, in all the very latest tints and shadings
regular value $1, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
-A.t 01. 00 tx Yard,
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN AND GRO3.-GRAINB, new designs, regular
value $1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a yard. "
-A-t 61.80 a. Tr«.xrd..
30 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, large, elegant designs, regular value $ 2, will
be placed on sale at $1 50 a yard.
MEN'S AND BOYS' FURNISHINGS!
-A-t I*4 Cents.,
110 dozen LARGE-SIZE LINEN CAMBRIC COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, warranted fast color, reguiar price $2 a dozen, will be closed
out at T^c each.
0?:& -A.t IS ' Cents.
65 dozen BOYS' FAST-COLOR MEDIUM-WEIGHT OXFORD PRINT. MADRAS
AND CHEVIOT WAISTS, made with three box-plaits in front, two on back, nickel
plated buttons on waistband, regular price 30c, will be closed out at 15c each.
J\-t 35 Cents.
120 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' LATEST STYLE CUSTOM MADE UNLAUNDERED
SHIRTS, with fast-colored bosom and detachable cuffs to match, sizes 1214 to 16
regular price 90c, will be closed out at 85c each.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
iv ':' -A-t 3.535 Cents. -
175 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COTTON BICYCLE HOSE, extra heavy, made
specially for boys' wear, regular price 23c, will bo closed out at 15c a pair.
.A.t 2*5 C7ont«».
200 dozen MISSES' FINE RIBBED BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, double knees,
heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, also unbleached feet, regular price 40c, will be
closed out at 25c a pair. 4- •
-A.t 23 f* o u.t m
190 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK ACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-spliced
. heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, good value at $4 50 per dozen, will be closed out
at 25c a pair. -." .",_..
-A.t 35 Cents. \ '
100 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, high-spliced
heels, double soles and toes, regular price 50c, will be closed oi;t at 35c a pair.
: At is Oonts*.
75 dozen LADIES' SWISS RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, low neck, sleeve-
less, silk trimmed neck and armlet?, regular price 2">c, will be closed out at 15c
each.
-A.t 23 Cents,
90 dozen CHILDREN'S JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high
neck, long sleeves; pants to match regular price 40c, will be closed out at 25c each.
-A.* SO Conts,
50 dozen LADIES' SWISS RIBBED CREAM EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high
■ neck, long and short sleeves; drawers to match ; regular value 75c, will be closed
out at 50c each.
A--t 75 Cents.
60 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL MIXED VESTS, high neck, long and
short sleeves; drawers to match; guaranteed uon-shrinkable, white and natural,
H r regular price $1, reduced to 75c each.
M fffjaM*^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/(/ H Street coraur ol Jun /
•jajnt phajntoisco.
910
THE EXPOSITION
WELL UNDER WAY
Thousands Visit the Annual
Fair of Mechanics'
Institute.
EXHIBITS ALL ARTISTIC
The Diversity of California Is
Fully and Handsomely
Illustrated.
PROGRAMME FOR TO-NIGHT.
Scottish Clans and Scottish Thistle
Ciub Will Attend the Expo
sition in Force.
The second day of the Mechanics' Insti
tute and Manufacturers' and Producers'
Exposition was all that fancy could dic
tate or heart desire. The exhibits are now
pretty nearly all in, and the late comers
One Corner of the Mechanics' Exposition Which Attracts Hundreds of Sightseers.
seem to have profited by the beautiful cre
ations of those earlier on the grounds.
There is a noticeable and appreciated lack
of vendors of the chewing gum, popcorn
and peanut variety, but on tie other hand
there are scores of pretty white-capped
and daintily dressed girls anxious to give
away all manner of good things, liquia or
solid, to whosoever will accept.
The attendance yesterday exceeded by
several hundred that of the opening day.
From 2 o'clock until tbe closing hour last
night the Pavilion was comfortably filled.
In the afternoon hundreds of ladies roamed
through the vast building, at times giving
audible expression to the artistic creations
which met their gaze at every turn. There
are more exhibitors this year than ever
before in the history of the institution. In
fact, the demand for space could not be
met, it being necessary to refuse some
sixty applicants.
The exhibit of W. P. Fuller & Co. is one
of the handsomest ever seen in Califor
nia. The two side walls are solid plate
glass mirrors, the largest ever manufac- j
tured in this country. Above each mirror
is a row of colored electric lights extend- I
ing all the way to the two entrance places.
Inside the booth a y>erfect blaze of many
colored lights reflected by cut-glass mi'r- |
rors meets the gaze. The effect isdazzliiig
and artistic in the extreme.
One of the novel and attractive features
of the exposition is a creation in soap— an
artistically designed triumphal arch, fif
teen ton 3of Queen Lily soap being used in
its construction. The cornices are done in
soap and the floor a mosaic of small soap
squares. Around the whole runs a chain j
ol soap balls and inside the house colored
electric lights are to be seen.
There are hundreds of other booths just
as attractive in their way as those already
enumerated, and each is admired by the
thousands of spectators for its own charm.
Down near the machinery hall the Union
Iron Works has reproduced its entire plant
in miniature.
An elaborate programme has been ar
ranged for to-night, which has been
termed "Scotch night." The following is
the order of exercises:
March, ' The Campbells"; overture, "White
Lady of Avenel" (Boieldien); descriptive nau
tical fantasie, 'Voyage in a Troopship"
(Miller); euphonium foio, "Auld Robin
Grey," W. H. Colvercn grand entry of over
100 members of Clan Kra«er and Clan Mac
donald. Order of Scottish Clans, and San Fran
cisco Thistle Club, all in full Highland cos
tume, led by I. S. R. Tevemlale, John Xapier
John Hill, Donald Weir ana Adam Ross' I
eingingoi "Auld Lang Syne, 1 , followed by an
address by Irving M. S-cott, introduced
by Hugh Craig; overture, "Guy Man
nering" (Bishop); Highland leel, -cot
land's favorite dance, by Alex Beaton
Sybil Campbell. Jtimns Baxter, Maggie Jioyd'
Adam Koss, L. Fairgreve, Douald Smith. Isabel
Gregg, Robert Ross. Miss Coulie. D. M. McKen
zie, Mabel Smith; sailors' hornpipe, in cos
tume. P. D. Finley; selection Scotch melodies
Robert Burns (Bonniseau); sword dance, the
most ancient dance of Scotland, Sybil Camp
bell: seann triubhas, Alex Beaton; highland
fling. James Baxter; Scotch weddinfe march
(Christern), Ftiilay McGregor: comic selec
tions; selections on bagpipes, by order of Scot
tish clans, pipe band; piccolo solo, "Kinloch
of Kinloch" (McAdum); waltz, "Fleurs de St
Petersburg" (Resh); Robin Adair, "Auld Lane
Syne." *
The Scotch celebration will he in charge
of the following:
Committee Clan Fraser— Chief Edward Kerr
M. L. Crowe, Dr. J. A. McDonald, Thomas
Fraser.
Scottish Thistle Club— Chief Coulie, Alex
Campbell, William Dawson, G. W. Peterson.
All the Scotch in the City have been
notified of the event, and it is presumed
the clans will gathei as of yore. The fiery
cro«s has been sent out summoning the
McKays, McDougals, McKenzies and all
others to gather and descend on tbe Sas
senach. With waving plumes and broad
tartans Clans Fraser and Macdona.'d and
the Scottish Thistle Club will march into
the Pavilion. The pibroch of Douail Dhu
will summon the clans, and to the tune
of "The Campbells Are Coming" they
will appear 100 strong. The following '
notice was issued by the secretary of the
joint committee last night:
On Thnrsday evening, the 3d inst., the
Scotch people of this City will participate in
tbe festivities prepared for them at the home
produc:s exhibitior now holding forth at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on Larkin street. At 8
r. m. sharp the Scottish residents of San Frau
ci:vjo wi.l assemble at 32 O'Farrell street and
march down Stockton street to Market, to the
Mechanics' Pavilion, heeded by the Highland
pipers, clad in the "garb of auld Gael." The
affair will be under the direction of Chief
Kcrr of Clan Fraser and J. D- Coulie, royal
chief of the Scottish Thistle Club. On arriv
ing at the Pavilion a literary programme ol
rare excellence will be rendered.
The platform will be suitably decorated, in
cluding a lifelike portrait of Robert Burns. A
feature of the evening will be an address by
Hon. Irving M. Scott, who will be introduced
by Hugh Craig. A special invitation has been
issued to all Scotchmen and .Scotchwomen to
participate in the parade. All participants in
the parade will be admitted to the Paviliou
gratis on that occasion.
George W. Paterrox,
Secretary Joint Committee.
INTERCOLLEGIATE BALL
St. Mary's and St. Ignatius College
Teams to Contest.
What premises to be the most interest
ing event of the season in intercollegiate
baseball circles is the St. Mary-St. Ignatius
game, which is to take place at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds, Sunday, September
6, at 2:30 F. M.
These teams were rivals in the Califoraia
Intercollegiate League of the Midwinter
Fair, and in the several games played by
them at that time gave the prettiest exhi
bitions of amateur ball ever witnessed on a
local diamond. As they are very evenly
matched, both in the field and at the bat, v
rei-hot contest will surely result.
Sunday's game, whatever the result,
wi.U in all probability be but the first of a
series of three, all of which will be played in
this City.
Already over 1500 tickets have been sold
for the first game, and requests that cer
tain portions of the grand stand be re
served for students from Santa Clara, San
Jose and Oakland have been received. The
enthusiasm of a student gathering is
proverbial, so a vociferous time may be
expected by all who attend.
MURASKY ON SOCIALISM
He Instances Some of Its Ad
vantages to Society in
General.
Eloquent Address Before a Very Large
Audience in tbe Turk-Street
Temple.
Frank J. Murasky, the popular ex
grand president of the Young Men's Insti
tute, has added several thousand names
to the long roll of his friends through his
masterly address last night at the socialist
mass-meeting in the Turk-street Temple.
The meeting was held under the auspices
of Liberty Branch of the Socialist Labor
party, and the attendance at the temple
was large.
Secretary Theodore Lynch read from
the socialist paper. The People of Isew
York, an "Address to American Wage
workers," which was cordially received.
The warmest applause, however, greeted
Mr. Murasky as he stepped to the front in
response to a very flattering introduction
by Henry Warnecke, the president of the
evening.
Mr. Murasky reviewed the existing con
ditions of human society, dwelling upon
the injustices which some sections of the
body politic are now obliged to endure.
By way of a contrast he presented a
glowing word picture of the advantages
which belong to the ideal socialistic state.
He gave copious and telling quotations
from Emerson, Howells and other famous
English and American writers in support
of his contention that in socialism can be
found the remedy for existing political
evils.
Continuing, the lecturer referred to the
degrading conditions imposed by society
upon the world's toilers, instancing the
forlorn state of the diamond miners in
South Africa.
Many men, he said, regarded socialism
as an economic heresy, but others — among
whom was a millionaire friend of his,
whose name he preferred not to men
tion — were making a deep and earnest
study of socialistic teachings with a view
to estimating their probable effect as a
remedy for the present state of things.
''Christ in his sermon on tbe Mount,"
said Mr. Murasky in conclusion, "preacLed
socialism pure and simple. Were he pres
ent on the earth in human form to-day be
would preach it again. For my own part
I believe that socialism is true and its
principles irrefragable."
Amid much cheering and applause the
orator of the evening received a unani
mous vote of thanks, after wi ich brief
remarks were made by James Andrew, the
Socialist candidate for Lieutenant-Gov
ernor, Theodore Lynch, Leo Gassen, S.
beiler, M. Leiters, Ebel Hecht and Will
iam and the meeting adjourned
with the singing of the "Marseillaise"
hymn.
During the evening over a hundred
names were added to the petition asking
that the names of the Socialist candidate^
be printed on the official ballots Wit
nesses of the arrest ot Charles Sunflower
were requested to attend and testify if
need be in Judge Conlan's court to-day.
Isext Wednesday evening the Rev J E
Scott will deliver his famous lecture!
"Some Reasons Why I Am a Socialist,"
and it is also expected that Mr. Murasky
wiil again address the party in the near
future.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896. .
CATHOLIC CADETS'
SECOND REGIMENT
League of the Cross to Be
Extended Through Cali
fornia.
OAKLAND ORGANIZING.
Grand Opening Rallies in Berke
ley and West Oakland Ar
ranged For.
FATHER O'RYAN TO OFFICIATE
Alameda County Will Have a Rfgi
ment, Then Branches Will Be Es
tablished E stwhere.
The League of the Cross is to have a
second regiment of cadets that will be a
close rival of the first, now well established
in San Francisco. Indeed, two companies
of the new regiment are already fairly
well established, and a third will be mus
tered in about the middle of this month.
The second regiment. League of the
Cross Cadets, will be confined to Alameda
County, and chiefly represented in Oak
lard, Alameda, Berkeley, Teraescal and the
Haywards and San Leandro district. With
four companies in Oakland and one each
at the other places, there would be a cadet
regiment of eight companies — a very re
spectable body of boys under 21 years of
age, all united under the banner of the
cross in the cause of temperance. Organi
zation in Alameda County has been begun
and will be pushed forward with great
vigor both by pastors of the various par
ishes and by the leaders of the league
movement in this City. It has the ap
proval and direction of Archbishop Rior
dan.
For this reason there can be no doubt of
its success. The Rev. Philip o'Ryan and
the Rev. Peter C. Yorke will take an ac
tive part in the work. They will deliver
addresses, tell about all the good there is
in the temperance movement, and inspire
the Catholic boys and younc men of Ala
meda County with enthusiasm for the
cause.
Sunday afternoon there will be the first
grand rally of the league in Berkeley.
There are about seventy-five boys in tbe
Berkeley branch, and it" is believed that
this rally will largely increase their num
bers. As soon as possible a cadet corps
win be established, but this will depend
on the support of friends of the league in
Berkeley, who will be called upon to aid
in securing uniforms and equipment.
Entertainments will be given and the pro
ceeds devoted to this purpose. At the
grand rally Father O'Ryan will deliver an
address and administer the pledge to ap
plicants who may desire to abstain from
intoxicating drinks until they shall have
reached the age of 21 years.
Immediately following the Berkeley
meeting the first opening rally will be
held in Oakland. Because of the nature
of this event all parishes across tbe bay
will be represented. The rally is to tafce
place in Han»en's Hall on Eighth street
West Oakland. Father O'Ryan will ad
dress the meeting, and the Rev. J. B. Me-
Nally will also speak on temperance and
the aims of the League of the Cross. In
his parish there is a large and growing
cadet company, and the total membership
of the branch numbers 125.
The parish of St. Francis de Sales has
about 125 boys in its branch of the league,
many of whom are members of the cadet
company of St Francis de Sales. One
other newly organized branch so far con
stitutes the league in OaKiand, and tha.t is
the healthy one of the Immaculate Con
ception parish presided over by the ven
erable Father King. Tnis, too, will have
its cadet corps.
A week from next Sunday a branch and
the nucleus of a cadet company will be
organized at Temescal with appropriate
ceremony. Then will follow the organiza
tion of branches and companies in Ala
meda, in St. Anthony's parish, East Oak
land, and later in riay wards, which branch
will include the neighboring districts.
This organizing in Alameda County is
said to be only the beginning of a general
establishment of the league throughout
California. As soon as Oakland and the
adjacent districts are well in hand atten
tion will be turned to Santa Clara Valley
and the other populous places. Even now
a branch is being organized at Santa Cruz,
and there is some talk of organizing in
San Jose and Santa Clara. An officer of
the league stated yesterday that there was
every indication that instead of a regi
mental emcampment of the league next
year there will be a division camp, where
cadets from San Francisco and principal
cities around the bay will come together.
Edith Cole's Estate.
W. H. Crim and Emma Ransom have applied
for letters of guardianship over the estate and
person of Edith Baxter Cole, the adopted
daughter of Nathaniel Cole, whose estate wm
recently distributed. Miss Cole received
$41,000 as her share.
MR. M'JELLIPS' LECTURES.
His Wife Will Hear No More of Them
and Sues for a Divorc«.
Henry L. McKellops, a Market-street
dentist, has been sued for divorce by his
wife, Eila.
If Sirs. McKellops is to be believed her
husband is a quarrelsome old thing. She
asks for a legal separation oc the ground
that he is in the habit of reading her cur
tain lectures from the time they retire, at
about 10 p. m.. until the hands of the clock
point to the small figures on the right of
the dial. He is also said to have remarked
that she is "the meanest woman in the
world."
The McKellops were married March 24,
1879, and have five children, the eldest 15
years of age and the youngest but two
months. Community property worth about
$1500 has been accumulated in their home
at 411 Leavenworth street.
The plaintiff prays that she be granted a
divorce; that she be awarded the com
munity property, the custody of the two
youngest children, attorney's fees and per
manent alimony. Anything else she de
sires will probably be mentioned in an
amended complaint.
POLICE TRIBUNAL.
The Cane of Sergeant Dfonaghan Dis
missed—Collins Fined.
The Police Commissioners met last
night and fined Policeman John B. Col
lins $5 for violating tbe rules of the de
partment.
The case of Sergeant Hugh Monagban,
who was represented by Attorney J. K.
Kic arris, was dismissed, at tha request of
Mrs. Monaghan and on motion of her at
torney, Patrick Keddy. A divorce suit
was pending, and Sergeant Monaghan, on
the advice of his attorney, standing firm,
it was decided that this was the best course"
to pursue.
MARRIED A MINISTER.
Miss Martha Kuner and the
Rev. Herman Gehrcke
United.
A Pretty German Wedding in the
Pastor's Own
Church.
A very pretty German ceremony took
place at 7 o'clock yesterday evening at St.
Matthew's German Lutheran Church on
Eleventh street, when Mrs. Martha Kuner
and Rev. Herman Gehrcke were united
in marriage.
The bridesmaids, Misses, Anita and
Myrtle Hermes, with the maid of honor,
Miss Schwerin, led the bridal procession,
followed by the bride leaning on the arm
of her father, Albert Kuner. The groom,
accompanied by his best man, R. A.
Kuner, brother to the bride, met the bride
in front of the altar, where the Rev. A.
Jather, pastor of St. Mark's Church of
O.ikl and, received them and bound them
in holy wedlock.
The Rev. Gehrcke is pastor of the church
where he wus married. He is a native of
Hildesheim, Germany, and has been a
resident of this city the last five years.
At the conclusion of the ceremony the
bridal party adjourned to the home of the
bride, where a sumptuous banquet was
served.
The young couple will start tnis morn
ing for the southern part of the State,
where a brief honeymoon will be enjoyed.
SPOKE OF GENERAL GRANT
Comrades of George H. Thomas
Post, G. A. R., Listened to
W. H. L. Barnes.
A Fraternal Visit From Admiral
D. D. Porter Post, Oak
land-
The rooms of George H. Thomas Post,
G. A. R., at 320 Post street, were crowded by
comrades Monday evening, who assembled
to hear General W. H. L. Barnes speak.
The occasion was enlivened by a visit
from Admiral D. D. Porter Post No. 169,
Oakland. Several comrades from Lincoln
Pest, among them H. C. Dibble and C.
Mason Kinne, were present.
General Barnes spoke of Grant, and
spoke in an interesting and instructive
style. It is the fancy of the eloquent
orator to address the Post occasionaly,
taking for the topic of his talk, Lincoln,
Grant or some other conspicuous figure in
National history. Last evening he spoke
of Grant on the Pacific, and the discourse
was rendered interesting in a remarkable
degree by the recital of some incidents and
events In the life of the great leader that
have never been published. He traced the
fortunes of the illustrious soldier from the
time that he was poor and almost friend
less in Oregon, until he had achieved the
greatest honors that this country can
bestow upon a citizen or a soldier.
The orator paid an eloquent tribute to
the modest worth and simplicity of Grant
reference was made to the fact that
General Grant, when in the zenith of his
fame, remembered a gentleman, now a
resident of California, who had long years
before rendered him a service when he was
in great distress and almost on the verge
of despair.
Grant's masterly qualities of leader
ship in action and his attribute of gener
osity to the vanquished when the conflict
was done were eulogized. It was obvious
to all who had the pleasure of listening to
the talk that General Barnes had made a
special and careful atudy of Grant as a
citizen, as a soldier and as President of
the United States. He expressed tho idea
that men would be better in citizenship if
they would study the character and career
of such American citizens as Lincoln and
Grant. The time, he said, was auspicious
for such study.
The nddress elicited the hearte«t ap
plause and the orator received a unani
mous vote of thanks from the assembled
comrades.
NEXT SUNDAY'S OUTING.
A Grand Trip to the Big Trees of
Bohemia
The sale of reserved-seat tickets for
Locke's excursion to Bohemia next Sun
day began in earnest yesterday. It is a
very popular trip, the section to be visited
oeingoneof the most interesting in the
State, and as there is no extra charge for
reserved seats on the train when tickets
are procured in advance at 333 O'Farrell
t?? 1 ' man y people will avail themselves
of the opportunity by securing their tickets
•m r l to the ferr - v . where tickets
will be sold Sunday morning for unre
served cars. A popular rate of $1 25 for
the round trip is offered; children under
12, Oo cents. The excursion starts at 8:30
A. M. sharp via special steamer from Tib
uron ferry, giving over four hours at the
prove. Ladies and gentlemen who desire
to partake of the grill lunch to be provided
Dyu. \\. . Morean, proprietor of the Dun
cans Mills Hotel, "should procure their
lunch tickets from Mr. Locke without
delay.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
TOOK POISON AND
TURNED ON GAS,
Belle Stevenson Makes
Careful Preparations
for Suicide.
HER SUCCESS IN DOUBT
Pasted Strips of Wrapping Paper
Over the Cracks in Her
Door.
THEN OPENED ALL THE JETS.
After dressing in Funeral Garb and
Swallowing Carbolic Acid She
Lay Down to Die.
A woman named Belle Stevenson made a
most determined attempt to commit
suicide in the Florence Hotel, corner of
The Room in "Which Belle Stevenson Made Her Deliberate Attempt
at Self-Murder.
Powell and Ellis streets, yesterday morn
ing.
She went to the hotel between 5 and 6
o'clock Tuesday afternoon and asked for a
room. The landlord, Thomas Withers,
asked her to register her name, but she
declined, as she had her gloves on. With
ers told her all guests had to register, and
again asked her name.
"Put down Marfca," she said after some
hesitation.
"Mrs. or Miss?" asked Withers.
"Mrs. H. Marks," she replied.
She looked at room 23 on the first floor,
but did not liKe it, preferring room 30 on
the top floor, which she paid for.
The woman carried in her hand a small
valise. Herclothing was neat but of cheap
material, and she wore an ecru cape, a
black woolen aress, straw colored waist
and a rough straw hat. Withers thought
she looked like a woman from the country.
About 7 o'clock she came downstairs
and asked Mrs. Hooper, the housekeeper,
for some matches and she pot a supply.
Half an hour later she went down in the
elevator to the street. It is not known
when she returned, as she must have
walked upstairs instead of taking the ele
vator.
Ab6ut 5 o'clock yesterday morning the
night watchman rang the housekeeper's
bell and told her that something must be
wrong in room 30, as he heard a woman
moaning as if in pain. He got the house
keeper's passkey and opened the door. A
peculiar cracking noise scared him for a
moment and a volume of gas that poured
out of the open door almost suffocated
him. He rushed for the window and
threw it wide open. Then he groped for
the gas-burners and found both turned on
full cock. He quickly turned them off
and staggered out of the room and noti
fied the proprietor.
They went to the woman's room and
found her stretched on the bed. She was
frothing at the mouth and her lips were
blue. She was moaning and was seized
with occasional spasms.
An examination of the room showed
that she had made careful preparations
for death. The cracks in the door had
been covered with strips of wrapping
paper which she had pasted on with mu
cilage. She had stuffed her skirt into tbe
space at the bottom of the door, and had
covered the keyhole with her cloak. All
this was done to prevent the gas from es
caping.
After making these preparations she
put on clean underclothing and a neat
night robe. Then she apparently drank
some carbolic acid from a bottle which
was found in one of the bureau drawers,
and turned on the gas from both burners.
The carbolic acid must have caused her
intense pain before she lost consciousness,
as a towel in the room was covered with
blood which she had expectorated.
Withers summoned the patrol wagon
and the woman was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Fitzgibbons used all
the usual remedies to restore her to con
sciousness, but without avail. In view of
the fact that she also took carbolic acid
her chances of recovery are doubtful.
In her purse was found $1 50, but no pa
pers to give a clew to her identity were
found either in her purse, valise or pock
ets. The mucilage bottle was in the room,
but a pair of scissors could not be found,
and the supposition is that she had clipped
the wrapping-paper into strips before go
ing to the hotel ana had placed the strips
in her valise.
Four or five cigarettes, partly consumed,
were found on the floor, and some tobacco
in her valise.
The woman came from Arizona about
three years ago and had been working as
a dressmaker and milliner.
For the past year she had been rooming
in the house of Professor Albert Le Forst,
30 Lewis street. She left there Tuesday
afternoon about 4 o'clock, and as she did
not return inquiries were made at the
hospital and her identification followed.
The professor said she had been in poor
health for a long time and that possibly
would account for her seeding to end her
life. He thought she was a married
woman or a widow, as sh« always wore a
plain gold ring on her left hand. He
knew nothing whatever about her past
history.
She had evidently disposed of her mar
riage ring and a gold scarfpin she always
wore, as neither was found in her posses
sion.
She had not regained consciousness up
to a late hour last night and her condition
had not improved.
TENNIS AT SAN RAFAEL.
Arranging to Have Local Celebrities
Meet Eastern Men.
In the invitation tournament at San
Rafael between the Eastern champions —
R. O. Wrenn, W. A. Lamed and Can B.
Neel — the committee has decided to have
Sam Hardy, Robert N. Whitney, George
F. Whitney, Thomas Driscoll and Walter
Masee to compete against them.
Every player will play every other and
the one getting the highest average will
be declared the winner.
This tournament will be on the plan of
the one at Bar Harbor. After a player has
been beaten a certain number of times he
will be retired.
SIMON KOSHLAND BURIED.
The Pioneer Wool Merchant I<aid in
the Home of Peace.
Simon Koshland, tha wool merchant,
was buried yesterday morning from the
family home. 1808 Pine street. He died
Monday from an apopletic stroke.
Rabbi Voorsanger conducted the ser
vices. He spoke with deep feeling of the
deceased, to whom he paid a nigh tribute.
Mr. Koshland was a member of the
congregation Emanu-El. He was a strictly
orthodox Jew, and when a number of
years ago the congreeation of the Temple
Eman u-Et decided upon reform methods
he, with a coterie of friends, withdrew
therefrom and founded the Mason-street
Syna-ogue, of which Rev. Dr. Bettleheim
was rabbi for a number of years. Latterly
he rejoined the Temple, and remained a
prominent member to the day he died.
The remains were interred in the Home
of Peace Cemetery, and conducted to their
last resting-place by a large concourse of
relatives and friends
WOMEN JOURNALISTS.
They Convene and Elect Officers of
Their Association Without Much
of a Contest.
The Women's Pacific Coast Press Asso
ciation convened in the Maple room of
the Palace Hotel yesterday and elected
officers for the ensuing year. The full
ticket is as follows:
President— Mrs. P. T. Dickinson.
Vict'-presidents— Mrs. Ada Henry Van Pelt,
Miss Bertha Monroe Rickoff, Miss" Ina Donna
Coolbrith, Mrs. Abbie Elvenia Krebs, Mrs. E.
O. Smith.
Corresponding secretary— Mrs. Marion Beat
tie Foster.
Recording secretary— Miss Alice G. Friedlan
der.
A distant recording secretary— Miss Alma
Priscilla Alden.
Treasurer— Mrs. Frances Fuller Victor.
Auditor— Mrs. Lillian Ilinman Shuey.
Librarian— Mrs. James Xeail.
Additional members of the executive board —
Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. Neliie Blessing Eys
ter, Mrs. J. G. Lemmon.
The newly elected president expressed
her thanks for the honor conferred upon
her. She said :
"To be selected as the executive of an
association of women gifted and ex
perienced ia the best lines of iiterature
women who are in touch with the great
American mind and daily leave their im
press upon public sentiment, always for
| $250,000 |
y liiiiiuuH'i*^ side each 2-ounce bag, and two a
% The Best ' I cou P ons inside each 4-ounce g
1 MARKET ST.S.FSiISI^
the hierher and true — is that kind of a
compfiment that one has need of spe
cial inspiration of words to give the ca
dence and the measure of that apprecia
tion which answers back in thanks.
"We are scarcely able to estimate the
changes in the world about us, particu
larly in our department of it, since oar
bark was launched six years ago, for in
that Drief period woman's work and po
sition all over the world have advanced
with marvelous strides."
The Divorce Court.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted a divorce
to Julia M. Kelly from George E. Kelly because
of the letter's extreme cruelty. The custody
of the minor children and $30 per month ali
mony was awarded plaintiff.
NEW TO-OAT.
Where Men
Are Weak
In the small of the back, the general nerve,
muscular and sexual center — thn point at
which the nerves, which feed nearly all the
vital functions of the body, begin— this is
where nearly all men and women are weak. A
pain here .may mean, and generally does, the
exhaustion of nerve strength in the vital or-
gans. It is the nerves crying for aid, and no
pain at this point should be passed as imma-
terial. It will come again, and with greater
severity, and if the message given by the nerves
is not attended to it may result in general
nervous prostration, impotency or Bright'!
disease of the kidneys.
DR. SAWS ELECTRIC BELT.
Whatever the cause of these pains in th«
back they are nerve pains. They mean that
the nerves are suffering, and a remedy which
will cure the nerves will remove the cause of
the pain. As electricity is the life of the nerves
it is the only remedy that will cure them. This
explains the wonderful and exclusive success
of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its full strength,
and it gives a volume of electricity into tho
body, which saturates the system in throe
hours, is directed to the small of tho back,
where it enters the nerve centers and feeds
them.
Vkiah. Cal., Jane 29, 1898.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: Your belt is jus*
what you recommend It to be; in fact. X am at &
loss to know why you do not place more of an esti-
mation on its worth and true merits, for you may .
rest assured it will bear It. I have been an Invalid
lor twenty years. and have suffered all the agonies
of excruciating pains imaginable, not withcut them
one hour in the day. Now lam free from them.
The fearful pain in my btc* that 1 suffered from
so many years and which caused me so many
sleepless niehts has all disappeared, and my jleep
is sound and undisturbed. I can recommend your
j belt to all sufferers from pains in the back fro
j the effects of kidney trouble and lumbago, as. I
have passed through the ordeal 'and know what it
will do. I have worn the belt and have experi-
enced a change to my satisfaction. Yours respect*
fully, It. D. BROWN,
TJkiah, Mendocino County, Cal.
A CERTAIN CURE.
Giving this vital energy Into the body it can
• ries life and vigor to every part of the struc-
! ture. It adds new vital and sexual energy to
j the body every time it is applied. It will re-
I store the manly power, Check unnatural drains,
i remove the cause of all pains and cause a per*
! manent cure in all cases In from 30 to 90 days,
| It is worn while the patient rests.
Men or women who are weak or ailing will
profit by reading Dr. Sanden's latest book. It
will be sent, closely sealed, free on application.
; It gives full information and price list. Ad-
i «lress or call
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,"
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. g, to)
8:30 p. M.: (Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.
204 Soutb Broad way. I 253 W ■■■« •• ■• • vi ■■%■*'
. ./ZMRNYSf
TS THE*VKK\ ....... x. TO EXAMINE
J. your ryes and fit the in to Spectacles and Kye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of i>. y work.
office Hours— ia to 4p. it. ■ ./--.- - •■.
S'ja!£%B^hb£*J-iM Bi * ** is a non -poisonous
i jMm* m . . "lfc.M e , med y for Gonorrhoea,
JgS^F^ZKEbyUm Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
iS3@ 7 inltosdaj«. Whites, unnatural dis-
{ff Qo»r»nie«l M charges, or any inflamma-
• iSI » Dot to itrktare. tion. irritation or ulcera-
g~J Prevent* contagion. tlon of mucous mem-
K»VheEyaN3Chemic»ioo. bral > e B. Non-astringent.
\gjWf CINCINNATI. o X I Sold by Drngrclatc,
XSsB»^ U. S. a. 2 HT~°r sent in plain wnpper.
£%u3*dk*^- _^PV by express, prepaid, for
■^BBtaV^V &- 00 ' or 3 Dottles, C3.7S
-» -«^mo»^y » Circular sent or. » .oast.
OOS3MCOr»OIjIT A.ISJ.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Saa
Francisco, Cal — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and f1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms 50a
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. WM. FAHEY, Proprietor.ARGUES FOR THE
ONE-MAN POWER,
George T. Gaden Advances
Reasons in Favor of
the Charter.
THE CONCENTRATION OF
POWER.
Emphasizes the Importance of
Municipal Reform to Lo
cal Progress.
THE PRESENT SYSTEM IS TOO
COMPLIX.
What Is Particularly Needed, Says
Mr. Gaden, Is Honesty of Purpose
and Activity in Execution.
The following communication from
George T. Gaden is self-exDlanatorv :
We have lived 100 years and have not yet
learned to govern large cities. In the begin-
B had none. A few small cities of the
1-cnod of the Revolution have grown enor
mously and the number has increased. They
will continue to do so.
To the City of San Francisco, especially, the
question of municipal government is a press
ing one. Nearly one-fourth of the population
of our whole State lives in San Francisco, and
by reason of her geographical position and
mercantile importance in another generation
she should have tiio majority of votes and give
laws to the whole State. Our Federal Govern
ment is founded upon the divine right of the
Jteopia to govern their own affairs, but well
ounded only when ability to do so exists, and
without it can be no claim of right. The voice
of the people may be called the voice of God
only when it is the utterance of intelligent,
patriotic, disciplined minds, not the selfish
greed of political bosses, of the despotism of
corporations or of the ill-ttiinking bizot or
fanatic.
Unsettled problems of government are not
to be settled or solved merely by the spread of
what we call popular education. The trained
and sharpened intellect is often used for self
ish ends, regardless of the general good.
Knowledge is not wisdom, but it is the path by
which we obtain wisdom. Knowledge is not
virtue,, but it is the means whereby we may
more readily and accurately distinguish be
tween right and wrong.
Suffrage itself is no panacea for political
evils. If ignorant, it is entirely controlled by
Combinations of money and-power. Neverthe
less, geueral suffrage is the best guarantee to
both governors and governed — the best pro
tection at once to liberty and order. A com
iT-unity may get on with a suffrage exercised
in part by ignorant and vicious men, so long
as the proportion of these be not so large as
to hold, as it were, the balance of power, and
enable them to effect temporary corrup: alli
ances with the bosses and leaders of contend
ing parties, now on one aide, now on the
other. In this republic the people is king,
and as is the character of the king, such will
be the character of the government. When
the dospotism of money power and curse of
corporate rule is so largely infused into our
civic institutions as now, a government by the
people is impossible.
When under any leadership these elements
become well enough organized to control the
politics of the City and State the Government
will be bad in tendency and despotic in rule.
Thus even in this, the most popular Govern
ment known to history, does power steal away
from the many to the few and often turn to
one political chiettain. Here, where we have
ho holy a horror of the "one-man power," the
interests of the community are often guided
by one man, and frequently one not iv official
life. This is the "one-man power" reasserting
itself, an essential element of every Govern
ment, whether of a party organization, of a
railroad company or any brunch of private
business. We have unwisely bhut it out from
our State constitution and our City charters.
Biill it makes itself felt, because in the very
nature of things it is a necessity.
We refuse the necessary undivided executive
power to the oilicial openly chosen by the
voice of the people and it is seized by some
me else, self-aDpointed or elected in secret by a
few. In framing of late years our forms of
government, both State and municipal, we
have been led astray from the best model of
government before us, viz. ; the constitution
of the United States, under whicn the admin
istrator is the man whg has been chosen Pres
ident by the people. He has around him ad
visers oi his own choosing, but no equals. The
executive branch, of an effective Government
xnusi always consist of a single head, and to
that head must be accountable the officers In
trusted with every actual administration of
the Government.
A despotism is the rule of one man for an
unlimited period, and subject to no law save
that of nis own will— a power to be dreaded.
In a free government there must still be one
man who is chief ruler, but there can be no
dangerous "one-man power" in a republic,
with its frequent elections. The chief magis
trate is merely the temporary agent of the
people to enforce their laws, not his own — laws
prescribed by them through another agency.
Ho, himself subject to these laws, i« in power
for a short time; is in fear of public con
demnation at the end of it; may be removed
even before it ends by impeachment; may be
otherwise punished like other men for abuse
of his trust.
li we wili not have this regulated "one-man
power" in the Government we shall have it
cropping up irregularly, as I have described,
and as we all know from experience. What
we should most dread is the irresponsible
'•one-man power" which may come in as the
consequence of bad government, resulting
from the weakening of authority and confu
sion of responsibility. No good substitute can
be found for a single executive power. Substi
tutes have been tried in New York in the early
eighties. The distribution of administrative
power among independent heads of depart
ments proved a failure, and the distribution
of power and responsibility in this State
among boards and commissions and other de
partments has been a most costly experiment
To promote good administration under any
lorm of government one man (subject to the
laws) must be, for the time being, chief,
whether he be called prime minister, presi
dent, governor or mayor. A single executive
has this advantage, that, Independent of the
restraints of law, there are certain moral re
straints which act upon an individual, but are
ineffective wbeu we seek to apply them to
bodies of men, or to a number of men among
whom responsibility is divided. Conscience is
not a thing that can be 6afely distributed — a
little bit for the separate use of each individ
ual member of a numerous body. A man is
capable of shame. A boay of men, as is well
known, feels in a much less degree this natu
ral restraint upon human conduct.
Under the State and municipal laws now ex
isting it is impossible to have good govern
ment. Those which we are supposed to work
under at present did nothing when framed
but break apart and disconnect the machinery
whereby the State and municipal government
was carried on. They provide for a Mayor
whose duty is said to oe to execute the laws
and administer the ailairs ot a municipality,
and then give to the people (which really
means the political bosses), not the ilayor, the
power to seiect all Hubordinate officers on
w hom we must rely in their several depart
ments lor the performance of the actual de
tails of administration.
Any one can see the absurdity of snch a sys
tem, and no one sees it bo plainly as the bosses
and the corrupt powers that stand behind
them, who under such laws are protected in
tneir nefarious business of "doing politics."
Apply their methods to our Federal Govern
ment aad see how they would work in Wash
ington. What is true of the Federal is also
true of the State and municipal affairs. Sup
pose all secretaries and the Attorney-General
were elected by the people, independent of
the President, at different times and by differ
ent parties. We would then have eight or ten
Presidents instead of one— a hard-money Presi
dent, perhaps— a eoft-money Secretary of the
Treasury, a namby-pamby, peacefully ais
j>osed Secretary of State, who would like to
keep us out of war with foreign powers, and a
warlike Secretary of the Navy, who would
like to plunge us 'into one, a Secretary of War
who would be undecided and hesitate be
tween the two policies, while the Attorney-
General would be overwhelmed with calls
from all sorts of people for all sorts of
opinions, while the chiei magistrate himself
would sit in dumb show in the White House
wondering what else he was there tor. From
any such Federal administration we would
expect nothing but confusion and ruin. It is
jusiM »bsuia to expect good government ia t
this City and State until we conform to the ex
perience of the ages and establish a single and
united executive power. On this executive
power the Legislature and the judiciary ;ire
the proper and sufficient restraints.
Of course if the people are incapable of
choosing wise men to make their laws and
honest and fearless Judges to interpret them,
and if for this reason we cannot be sure about
the restraint upon the executive power, that is
a defect that lies deep and is an unanswerable
argument for the necessity fur the formation
by public-spirited citizens of associations, fed
erations or guilds (if you please) to wipe from
the face of the earth the so-cailcd best citi
zen, characterized a short time ago by the
Mayor of Chicago as "the anarchist of Amer
ica, and thus give the people a fair chance.
Do not ask them to do impossibilities und do
not expect them to run a government with
crazy machinery.
We must not lose faith in popular govern
ment until the people are brought to a sense of
their own degradation and slavery by reason
of boss domination and corporate infamy.
Make them see where they stand and popular
government will not be a failure in Uiis
country. One thing to be remembered is,
however, that notwithstanding all the evils
that exist in this City, the lovers of good order
and honest government are, as in other cities,
in the majority. Public order is as easily
maintained here as anywhere in the world.
Respect for law and desire for peace is mani
fest whenever the peoule gather in large
assemblages, and especially is this true of the
so-called common people. Who the common
people are, however, ii would not perhaps be
well to define. The people not only love order,
but are desirous of good government.
All large bodies of men to act efficiently need
leaders, and there are those whose duty it is
to lead. Men of property, whether they have
leisure or net, men of exceptional culture owe
to this Government a higher duty than mere
voting, and yet this simple duty they more
than any other neglect
The people have shown on more than one
occasion during the last few yean that they
are ready to break away in large numbers
from bosses and party leaders when it can be
proven to them that it is expedient to do so.
When the Legislature gives San Francisco
municipal government in conformity with the
general idea of American institutions it will
have performed its whole duty. All further
resDonsibility is on the people of San Fran
cisco themselves. If they culpably neglect
their own affairs; it they will not give to po
litical matters the same attention which the
rest of the people in their several localities are
in the habit of giving, they must suffer the
consequences. No self-acting machinery can
be devised which will do what the people are
bound to do. The complicated machinery that
now exists serves only to invite the combina
tion of designing men whose thieving opera
tions are concealed underneath it.
Give to the City of San Francisco a chief
executive with full power to appoint heads of
administrative departments. Let him have
the power to appoint as well as to remove his
subordinates, being required publicly to as
sign his reasons. This must be done sooner or
later. Make him the head of the police, as the
Governor is the head oi the National Guard,
with proper protection to the heads of the
force against removal while faithful to duty;
make him responsible for all waste and im
proper expenditures by requiring from him
through the department of finance an estimate
of what money is needed for the support of the
government and its various departments bo
fore any appropriation is made.
Give to the people full representation in the
Common Council, which shall be confined to
legislative duties and excluded from all ad
ministrative ones. Give to the Common Coun
cil the power to reduce estimates of expendi
tures, but not to increase them; the power to
limit exDenditures, but not to originate appro
priations. Give to the Mayor and Common
Council the power to regulate taxes, to expend
each year what money they see tit in cash ex
penditures, but limit rigidly by law the power
to increase debts. If the expenditures are
wasteful, let the people feel it in their taxes
and apply the antidote. Add such provisions
as shall procure frequent publication of expen
ditures aud transactions oi the City govern
ment and secure a ready access for taxpayers
to City accounts and opportunities to the
people to change their chief magistrate at
short intervals. Thus are all the saieguards of
good government lurnished.
In a scheme of city government there is,
more than in any other, the need of a strong
and thoroughly responsible executive for the
same reason that wucn a body of men is con
fined within the narrow limits of a ship in
mid-ocean the government thereof must of
necessity be administered by one man prompt
to make his will fell, and to whom prompt
obedience must be rendered — by one who
knows that he alone will be held responsible
for disaster.
We can less afford here than in a community
more dispersed to dispense with concentrated
responsibility.
To require the consent of the Common Coun
cil (or of a Board of Supervisors) to the Mayor's
appointment of the heads of departments only
opens tne way tor dictation by the Council, or
for bargains, or what is commonly called "a
pull." This is not the way to get good men.
The head of every department should be a
single one — no boards or commissions — and
thus will the resconsibility to the Mayor be
concentrated, as his is to the people.
What we need is not a complex system, but
one that is simple and direct, and ull through
vrhich shou.d run one sound principle. Such
is the scheme of the immense business houses
of the world — one man at the head of every
branch and every one responsible to the head
of all. It is strange that the banker, the mer
chant and the broker, in fact, any individual
in the business world, canuot see that the
principle which they apply to their counting
houses and offices is not applied to public
administration, and that it must be applied
or we cannot hope for anything but a corrupt
and wasteful expenditure of the people's
money. These very men— kin^s in the busi
ness world— will also, year after year, submit
to legislative enactments which in every es
sential particularly violate all sound business
methods and which if applied to their own
affairs would produce nothing but bankruptcy
aud ruin.
No doubt what has been here paid, as well as
the adoption of the new charter, will bs ob
jected to by many, for the most part by poli
ticians and their bosses, on the ground that
the experience of large cities in their Mayors
does not warrant vesting in that executive so
much power. But does the experience of
these same cities under Mayors without power
prove that system to be a better one? The
latter has been tried, and it has always failed.
The first, up to this time, has only been par
tially tried.
Another objection to the charter will be that
the system it proposes gives too much patron
age to the Mayer. So much the worse for him.
The distribution oi patronage makes enemies
as well as .friends. No man in America ever
undertook to build up a personal party or
perpetuate power by means of it successfully.
Shall we rather have patronage in the hands
of boards, in whose secret councils it is par
celed out ? Is it not better to submit to the
minor evil of an executive with too much
patronage than to accept the greater one of an
executive with too little power?
Again, some will say, "What ieason have I to
expect the people will choose the proper man
for Mayor?" If they wi,l not that id a delect
for which a remedy can be found when the evil
presents iueif. We believe they will. , The
more importance given to the oflicn the more
importance the people- will attach to their
selection of a man to fill it, and the more
likely is it that the most capable and trust
worthy man among us will be willing to accept
it. Concentrate the attention of tne people
upon the election of the Mayor as the one and
only thing they have to do with the executive
branch of the City's government.
A rich man in New York once expressed his
disgust at our system of government, because
his coachmau'B vole could offset his. He was
told that his coachman probably paid more
attention to public affairs than he did. The
same rich man was met at the polls some
time after with his hands full of tickets, the
tickets full of names and his face full of per
plexity and despair. He asked a friend, "What
are all these names we have to vote for to
day?" To which the friend replied. "I know
of no person who can give any better informa
tion on that point than your coachman, whom
I saw here a few moments ago." If this worthy
citizen had had to vote simply for the Mayor
and a common Councilman he would not have
been in that perplexing condition.
But again, it is said, If we give a Mayor so
much power how are we to restrain him from
abusing it? The answer to this objection has
been made further back in these pages, but let
it once more be emphasized: First, there will
be the restraint of the Mayor's consciousness
thai he is responsible for all maladministra
tion; second, on him will concentrate the
criticism of th« powerful press, and his will be
the shame before public opinion.
Referring again to the police, let us urge
that the Mayor be made Cuonmander-in-chief
of the police, just as the Governor is of the
National Guard of the State. Let the Mayor
appoint a secretary of police who will bear to
iiim and to the force the same relation as the
adjutant-general does to the Governor and the
National Guard. Let him be put in actual
command of the force and hold office long
enough to enable nim to perfect organization
and discipline, and muke provision lor prompt
suspension for misconduct and for removal
after trial before a proper tribunal.
Experience does not show that the posses
sion of property is a guarantee of public or
private virtue, or of fidelity even to the or
dinary duties of citizenship, but we are begin
ning to know very certainly that some of the
most faithful and efficient men in public and
private life live poor and die poor. The wel
lareof a great city is almost lost sight of in
the tremendous struggle for power and greed
for personal gain. Partisanship has been our
greatest curse— the greatest meuace to our free
institutions. Ignorance is bad enough, but it
does not give snch a deadly, blighting touch
as that of fanatical party slavery.
People who are honorable in all the other
walks of life have stooped to the most villain
ous methods for party supremacy. A person
Ik a good citizen only in proportion to the in
terest he takes in public affairs and at he is
freed from party feeling. Party is all right so
long v tiie citizen uses it for a noble purpose,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
but when used for private ends it becomes a
merciless tyrant.
The question of the adoption of our new
charter at the next election is not one of party
politics. It is a matter that touches to the
quick every citizen of Ban Francisco, and I re
joice that the mishty press of the city is lifting
the whole subject from the low plain of parti
sanship to that of patriotism, and making an
indignant outcry against the corruption aad
vice which are sapping the foundations of our
liberties.
Society i« well governed only when the peo
ple obey those in authority, and the authori
ties obey the law.
We plead for the effective execution of the
power and will of the people by their one
chosen executive, subject to the restraints of
the Legislature, the judiciary and the law,with
out which system confusion ensues, corrup
tion creeps in and responsibility becomes un
settled. There can be no danger of tyranny
in clothing the agent of the poopie to execute
the will of the people.
The Mayor ot this City, as we all know, is
absolutely without power. Every head of de
partment holds Hice independent of him,
borne for a longer wrva than his own. By the
adoption of the new charter he becomes a live
power iv the government, not full grown, but
growing. The benefits of such a system are
acknowledged by all good citizens everywhere.
The politicians and the bosses only will array
themselves agains: it. for under the new
regime they behold visions of their illgottcn
gains fast melting away.
To effect our redemption from under which
we are now groaning we must all put our
shoulders to the wheel. Our iorin of govern
ment demands political duty of every man. If
any among us habitually neglect it the very
stones should cry out to him when misgovern
ment comes: "Thou art the man — the re
sponsible man."
Those who have special advantages must
take tho heaviest burdens, and all persevere as
we do in other things in spite of occasional
disappointments.
We need not all attend primary meetings.
Voluntary associations of men who desire not
office for themselvts, but good government for
all, can, as experience proves, exercise a
powerful influence.
Political duties cannot be attended to by
Eroxy— by hiring others to do It for us. Our
rains ought to be worth more than our
money and far less demoralizing in political
work. The people arc quick to recognize the
unselfish purpose of the honest man, aud
those who seek office will be anxious for such
a man's favor.. Let us not trust to devices to
Rev. W. TV. Bolton and J. W. Laing. MA, as They Appeared on Returning to
Civilization.
make the minority control and govern the
majority. That it not Americanism. It is
cunning, not wisdom.
Our forefathers did not invent a government
out of their own imaginations. They knew
that for centuries their ancestors in the Old
World had been struggling alter responsible
intent on the principle that power and
the accountability ot the people should go to
gether, and u;«>n tliat knowledge they built.
]>t us follow their precepts and example and
we may hope to witness the steady, healthy
growth of our country, our State and City.
The glory and strength of a State consists
not in its public edifices, its public works, its
monuments of public aud private splendor
and magnificence, but in the' wider diffusion
of the dements of peace, prosperity and do
mestic happiness among its people. The
source of strengih in any land is to be found
only In the purity and vigor of character, the
self-control oi the men and women who con
stitute it. Its true glory is in the general dif
fusion of virtue, peace and comfort among the
homes of the people.
HE WILL SOUND THE BAY.
Then General Duffield Will In
spect the Site of the
Observatory.
Interesting Details Co'lected in Far
Alaska Regarding the
Boundary.
General William W. Duffield of Wash
ington, D. C, superintendent of the United
States Coast and Godetic Survey, arrived
here yesterday and is at t be Occidental.
For a month and a half past hi has
been in far Alaska on a tour of inspection
of all the points that have been surveyed in
connection with the boundary of British
Columbia and Alaska. He was accom
panied on his trip by Lieutenant Hugh
Rodman of the United States navy.
In an interview it was stated that they
haa gone as far north as Mount St. Elias,
or latitude 60 deg. They went up in the
coast survey steamer Patterson. They
looked over the region very carefully and
collected a lot cf facts on which to base
future work.
Ihe trip was a long one, but very inter
esting to General Duffiela. He considers
himself well repaid for his efforts. He now
begins some very important work here.
It is in connection with the harbor and the
Presidio.
"The idea ia to complete an entire new
survey of the San Francisco Bay," was ex
plained. "Part of this work is done al
ready. We will make the survey from the
Golden Gate to Berkeley, and from there
down to Mission Rock, taking in tho
whole of the bay.
"We are simply inspecting the work
done for a hydrographic survey, which
simply means getting the soundings. The
work here is very important. We will go
out on the bay to-morrow in the United
States steamer McArthur to begin the in
specting.
"While we are here we will inspect the
site of the new observatory at the Pre
sidio, and we will also inspect the work ot
Captain Rogers, who is in charge of the
subordinate offices of the Pacfic Coast.
"I think we will return to Washington
by the end of the week."
General Duffield is well along in years,
but is well preserved. He has enjoyed his
long trip to the :orth, there being much
of interest to him over the whole route.
The Hcydenfeldt Estate.
Thomas O. Heydenfeldt and Zelia O. Hel
lings, heirs of Solomon O. Heydenfeldt, have
petitioned the Probate Court for the issuance
of a citation commanding Charles Ashton
and Julius Jacobs, executors of Solomon Hey
denfeldt's will, to appear in court and show
cause why they should not be punished for
contempt in failing to pay an indebtedness of
$31,000 due the German Savings and Loan
Society from the estate. The loan was eecured
by a mortgage on property at Sacramento and
Leidesdorff streets, which property was sold
to satisfy the mortgage. Tne buyers are, how
ever, willing to return it to the estate on pay
ment of the $31,000. This was ordered by the
court, but the executors failed to comply with
the order, hence the citation.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ARE SACK FROM
THE WILDERNESS,
Safe Return of Rev. W.
W. Bolton and J. W.
Laing.
EXPLORED VANCOUVER.
The First Who Ever Passed
Through the Center of the
Island.
FOUND NO PRECIOUS METALS.
The Scenery Was Superb, but the
Snow Mountains Offer No Invita
tion to Settlers.
Jlev. W. W. Bolton, rector of St. Mary
the Virgin's, and J. W. Laing, M.A., his
friend, arrived back yesterday from their
exploring trip into the unknown portions
of the island of Vancouver. They were
both sunburnt almost out of recognition,
but were in splendid health and full of
enthusiasm for the dangerous and excit
ing experiences through which they hive
just, passed.
"It was a trying trip," said Mr. Bolton, |
"but we we?e fortunate in having no acci- \
dents, and as we made the distances '<
we wished to cover we are thoroughly sat- \
isfied with the results of our journey."
Mr. Laing, who organized the expedi
tion and covered the financial end of it,
wa>» full of information about the beauty i
of the island, but he said they have dem- j
onstrated that the central portions of in- '
terior Vancouver are no place for settlers, i
"It is a magnificent country for the j
lovers of nature, but jagged, snow-capped
mountains and steep declines offer little
temptation to people to settle. In Victo
ria we looked up the records left by previ
ous explorers, who, however, do not pre
tend to have penetrated so far into the
interior as we aid, and we found that they
often misrepresented things. In t-ome
cases I imagine they must have examined
the patches of arable land they speak of
from the top of some neighboring moun
tain with the aid of a telescope. At the
head of Woss Lake, for instance, one ex- I
piorer says there is a tine tract of arable j
land. We examined it, and found it to be
a swamp. Tne Government makes a mis
take in accepting the word of some of the
explorers whose records we found in Vic
toria. Most of the rivers and lakes in
Northern Vancouver are very inaccurately
marked on the maps. VVe are now prepar
ing maps for tne admiralty, which will
be official.
Mr. Laing says that Vancouver is one of
the best watered countries he ever saw in
his life, but that nownere in the course of
his explorings in the northern portion of
the island did he or Mr. Bolton find traces
of the precious metals. The only discov
ery was quantities of beautiful marble,
but that was in such inaccessible places
that there is very little probability that it
will ever be utilized.
The party, in addition to the gentlemen
mentioned, consisted of two guides from
Seattle, both accustomed to mountaineer
ing and pack-carrying, ana E. Fleming of
Victoria, a photographer. Packs with
provisions to last two weeks were carried,
as well as axes, puns, instruments for
measuring altitudes and cameias. The
distance covered in the wilderness was 315
miles, 200 of that being by canoe and raft.
The other 100 miles were walked, through
dense brush and forest, over snow-covered
mountains and down slides of rock and
gravel.
The start proper was made from Alert
Bay on the east coast, about 240 miles from
Victoria, a settlement thickly peopled
with Indians of the Nimpkiscb tribe, and
with two of the chiefs the party contracted
to be taken in canoes to Woss Lake, be
yond which no explorer had ever pene
trated. The only way open is up the
Nimpkisch Kiver.which has in all 140 rap
ids. At each of them the party had to
leave the boats and pull the canoes against
stream. At the junction of the JNinipkisch
with the Kla-Anch River fhe Indians de
clared that they could go no further, as
the water wa- ;■■■> shallow to carry the
canoes. Tiu-y insisted on being pafd for
the Thole distance, however, ajjd when
they departed stole thirty pounds of bacon,
which caused the party to live on beans
and biscuits for the next nine days.
The next move was to walk seven miles
through almost impenetrable timber land,
with the aid of a compass and an ax, to
Woss Lake. There a raft was built and
rude oars were constructed out of limbs of
trees. After waiting all day for a fierce
gale to subside the explorers set out by
night down the weird, solitary lake,
where no sound could be heard but the
rush ol waterfalls, some of them descend
ing a distance of 4000 feet.
At the end of the lake a steep, rocky as
cent led to a pass in the mountain. This
was traversed for some distance, and then
the party found an inaccessible wall of
rock over 4000 feet high facing them
There being no valley to pass through it
was necessary to right-about face and to
return to the divide, from whence the ex
plorers struck off eastv.-ard to the coast in
order to replenish their store of pro
visions, for, though deer and elk were
3een, they never came within range of tne
rifle.
At Friendly Cove food was obtained
lrom settlers, and the party having now
crossed the island from east to west re
solved to strike off for the south through
tho Connunia Peak country, where Con
numa Mountain stands, a magnificent
landmark. Mr. Laing says that from a
near view this peak loots like a mere
needle aud that he believes it to be inac
cessible. "In the country surrounding it
you might say that the snow peaks were
legion, lor there are many. We were con
tinually going up ami down ciountair.s
and rock slides ahd decided that the small
amount of arable land in the valleys was
too inaccessible to be of any practical use
to settlers."
One of the greatest feats achieved by the
party was the climbing of Central Crags
and the plantinsof the British and Ameri
can flaes there, side by side. It has gen
erally been believed that Mount Victoria
is the highest peak in the island, but the
Laing exploring party haa proved from
observations taken on the spot that
Central Crags, situated in the heart of the
island, reaches a higher elevation, that of
7500 feet. In making the ascent of Central
Crags tiie party was at one time detained
by fog in the snow for two nights and a
day, unable to see a foot before them.
Continuing the journey southward Al
fterni was finally reached by way of
Buttles Lake, and thus ended the first ex
ploring expedition that has ever been
taken right through the heart of Central
Vancouver, though two years ago Mr.
Bolton explored tho interior of Central
Vancouver.
FOREIGN MISSIONARIES.
Encouraging Reports Keceived From
Those Who Have Labored. Abroad.
The "Women's Foreign Missionary Asso
ciation, under the jurisdiction of the Con
gregational chinch of the Pacific Coast,
held its annual meeting at Bethany church
on Bartlett street yesterday.
There were present: Mrs. H. E. Jewitt
ofVacaville, president; Mrs. W. J. Wilcox
of Oakland and Mrs. J. A. Cruzan of this
City, home secretaries; Miss Bessie Mer
iaru, treasurer; witn fifty-six delegates
representing as many auxiliaries of the
Pacific Coast, with about 400 ladies, all of
whom have taken a deep interest in the
work of the missionaries.
Among those who have been in foreign
lands for a number of years, laboring with
the natives, were the Rev. J. C. Perkins
and his sister, Miss Mary Perkins, who
have been in India for the past ten years;
Mrs. Watkins, who has been in Mexico for
twenty-three years; Mrs. Gouldy, from
Japan, and Mrs. Arthur Smith, from
China.
All of these gave their experience in
their labors among the natives and the
difficulties encountered to educate them
Into a knowledge of Christianity.
Kind and encouraging words were re
ceived from the home branch in Boston
and other Eastern cities. In addition to
this the fifty-six delegates representing a
Bimilar number of branches on thi3 coast
reported progress in each of their aux
iliaries, and a!l had words of praise for
the returning missionaries who had been
so long absent.
At the close of the service each mis
sionary appeared in ti.e costume of the na
tives among whom he had been sojourn
ing and spoke in the language of the coun
try. Miss Perkins had added much in
the shape of novelty by having a circle of
little girls appear robed after the fashion
of the Indian children.
From the flattering reports received the
Congregational church has every reason to
feel gratified at the success of its missions.
Railroad Commissioners Sleet.
At the meeting of the Railroad Commission
ers yesterday, at which Commissioners La Rue
and Stanton were present, the only business
transacted was the auditing of bills for the
past month and the passage of a resolution re
questing the Board r>i Examiners to create a
deficiency fund of $1000 out of which to pay
the expenses incident to the suit recently tritv'l
in the United States Circuit Court, in which
the commission was named as defendant.
The New Shaft a Long Job.
It is expected to take until the latter part of
next week to complete the newshait lor tho
Sicraiuento, Clay and Powell lines. It
is being swaced at the Pacific Rolling Mills
and will be finished at the Union Iron Works.
Its weight will be between three and four tons.
NEW to-day:
d
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist j
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic. '
! Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men !
i and Women.
IMsoase 1 * of youngs middle-
n{rcd ami old 'men which weaKen
the body and tbe brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing ;
forms, such as drains which sap the vital- !
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching |
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured I
I by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment j
which is the result of years -of study, |
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Serves and
Itlood. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired, j
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
beintr alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de- j
spondent and feel an aversion to society, |
1 you are suffering from a serious disease of j
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You I
have no time to lose. Call at once and !
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases j
; of* Women scientifically treated and j
invariabiv cuced. _ r
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services j
free.
Yon can l>o cured at home.
Write your troubles if livinc away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent fre on ap-
plication. Address
Fin F 1 QUiTAUV 737 Ma " it3t -
Ull. I. L. UflLnlll, San Francisco. Cat
\ RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MtTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry),
i'rom San Francisco, commencing June 15, 1833.
-■■■■W WKEKDAY&
For Mill Valley and San Kafael — 7:00, «8-00
•9:15Hm5, "11:45. a. m.: 1:16, 3:20. 4:15,
6:16. »b:00. ri:Bs p. m. .
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days ana Saturdays at 11 :30 P. M.
SUNDAYS,
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— *B:oo, *9:00,
*10:O0, 11:30 a. »i.;*»ia:SJ. "1:30, *2:15, *4:00,
C:3O, 0:45, 8:30 p. M. iixira trip to SauaalitoaC
11:00 a. M.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. **12:30
P.M. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Key es and way stations— 9 a. m.
Sundays. - ' .^"iH'lßirpWrrfnaiDßll ' HiVTIi
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way staUoai-* I
, B ;Qoa.*.£) uaoays; 1:48 am. weeJU»ira. [
11/ hen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
(Pleasure Resorts in these columns Jcindij} mention the CjfjCjC.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. I
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO !
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
. Good Climate and the Greatest Va-
riety and Finest Mineral Springs
in the World.
Fall season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, bathing, boating
and fishing.
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
LEG D. CRAIG,
316 Montgomery St., S. F.
Or J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Luke Co., Cal.
health, rest, pleas- ■
nre, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and pinnae
baths, hot sulphur tnb and swlmmine tanks, mas-, ,
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
1 playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
' Paralso stands unsurpassed in the State. Plenty
I enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third }
i end Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. m. ;
; dally, for Soledad; Keturn-trtp ticket, $8. Seven !
; miles by stage. Telephone and Postoflice. For !
; illustrated pamphlets and special inducements lot
1896, address K. KOiJKRTsON, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRIGS,
California's Famou? Mountain Spa!
xl*vis You Eftkn- thkbk .Lately.*
iron feet above Xana V' alloy. Cllmatn nn*nr-
• passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
! orchard f»nd ocean. field and farm. Hot and cold
| Kapa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoflice.
| Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet, j
; swings and hammocks. New improvements every
I year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK, An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest. '
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs i
MOUNTAIN HOME.
j The Kecogniscd Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancin? pavilion. Deer park. Table I
excellent. Climate unsurpassed, send for souve- !
nir, Stage at Madrone every Monday. Wednes- j
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting wlcrj
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCKLKT, Llagas. CaL
ASTORG JISSERII WATER.
FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH: FROM
J? C'obb Valley, Lake County: greatest medicinal
i and curative water on ear.h. Hundreds cured;
I thousands recommend It in San Francisco. Unlim-
j ited supple at the depot, 108 Fifth street. Selling
| hundreds of gallons daily.
I "
! HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
j CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT !
; O rooms; larce grounds; fruit and flowers. -Ad '
■ dre?» P. O. box 22tt. I
j RAILROAD travel;
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from S. P. Co 's Ferry Landing, foot of
Market *r., at 8:00 p. it.
CDT PI AM 01 n ln clodtnir Berth,
Ort I At- ( «IU r Tourist Sleeper.
narrn l <fs « n First-class, including
RATES SI 9 Berth, Standard
imtbU Vlu sieoper.
For S nt her information apply at 613 Market
street ( Jrund Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Truffle Mgr. Gen. Pass Agt.
SMFRMCISCO & NORTH PA- i
CMC RAILWAY CO.
ttbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WE T^ »AYS-7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. x.: 12.n>
8:80, fA 10 * 6:3 2 p. m Thnrsdays-Extra trip i
at 11*0* m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Si |
BDNDAYS— 7 I" o i 9:30, 11:00 A - m.; 1:80, 3:3 *
6:00, 6:20 p. ic
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:13. 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it-
i BUNDAYS-7:35, 9:^, 11:10 *■ m.; 1:40, 3: *» |
6 :00, 6 :25 P. ic
, Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park saxna
schedule as above. — *•••
— .Leave in effort 1 SanFra^lsca "
S*n Francisco. San FrancUca
•Rglffs: sss. l.gg
; 7:30 aic 7:30 a m Novato, 1 0 -.40 ami 8:40 am
I 8:80 I'M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 fm 10:10 tM j
: 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 p«i| 6:16 pm !
_ „ i Fulton, " " i
7:30 am Windsor. 10:10 I
Healdsburg,
IGeyservllle,
j 8:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. ■ 7:30 pm 6:15 pm i
Pletai '
7:30 am Hopland <fe 10:10 am
B:3opm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm ;
1 :30 am i ~ 110:10 am
17:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 re I
3:30 P* l J 1 6:15 PM j
i 7:30 am 7:30 am| Sonoma 1 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 fMj 5:00 raj GleifKUen. I 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7:30 ami SebaatODOl 110:40 am, 10:10 AM
8:30 5 :00 I &et)aatopoL I e:OSrM| 6:15 pm !
Stages connect at Panta Rosa for Mark West I
I Springs; at Geyservilie for Sk.iKss Springs: M
I Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland I
■ Springs, Krlseyvilie, Soda Hay and jLakepor:; at i
: Hopland for Lakeport acd Bartlect Springs; at
I TTklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
: Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lane. Porno, Potter
Valley. Johc Day's, Riverside, Lierleys, Buck- j
Bell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneville,
jOreenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
P"ort Bragg, \V93tpon, tfsal, Wlllets, Cahto, Ca- !
1 TBlo. Layionvllle. Harris, Scotia and Kur*ka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced "
I tales, v :3S«E¥
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b«>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronic c- W.dln* '
H. C. WHITING. R. x. RYAN, .
<jen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A^-enfc
i
Atlantic fcggg-x
r clGlfiC
Trains leave and arrive at HfcjjjJwWfjySjß !
Jiaxkei-Street Ferry. VifflO£^?2swiSK2
SASTA FE EXPRESS. JBpl!
To Chicago via A. & P.%§ggjwfeoUTg]
Direct Line litfa»^y^p»-nigg^g
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carr.vuu I'ul.man !
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and in charce or a porter, run dally ;
through io Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
tor Denver and St. Louis.
Persona'ly conducted Boston Excursions Tla !
Jf-Msas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit* I
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to tbe East. I
New rails, new ties; no dust; Interesting scenery; 1
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
- Ticket OOice-644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
1 4Ctl«fib9ata&al*loSlt *
HHiaaßMtoMdEßßmnM9flMbU:i- ■ • •
i BARTLETT SPRINGS.
OPEN AIIWIHTEB.
IT IS FULLY AS IDEAL A WINTER
AS A SUMMER RESORT.
HOT AIR HEATERS.
OLD FASHIONED
OPEN FIRE PLACES.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
RHEUMATISM, LIVER. KIDNEY
and STOMACH TROUBLES.
Reduced Rates Oct. I, 1896, to May 1, 1897.
sp^ 8 * c"o l M P^^^ u c ? th to Btre B eta T k ETT
Pamphlets sent to any address free.
017 1 flflfl HOT SPBISGS. Sonoma
i\sf Al' 1 " V Coil only 1V 3 hours from
\ Iv M ITIT \ !S:ln Francisco; but 0 miles
Ul\ ll 1 1 li It stae!riSt: new road through
i »■»*•■** vi MU canyon; new stages; sanitary
; plumblns: natural temperature of water 130 Fahr.
1 of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquitos and other annovin-*
Insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7 -30
i a. v. or 8:30 p. m. Bound-trip ticket only $5.50.
: Telephone and telegraph, dally mall and express.
Kates $1:2 a week; baths free. ' .
; J. *'. M RE W. Proprietor.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael, California.
FIFTY MINCTKS FROM SAX FRANCISCO.
Asa Winter resort or home it has no equal in
the world. jfig&ag
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rates/or Fall and Winter Ruests.
■ K. H. WAKFIKL.D A CO.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
i pECTtKATIOX. REST AND ROME FOR IX-
-1 1 valids, consisting of larce main buildln?, cot-
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Xapa
I Valley. Steam heal, elevator, callbells and night-
j watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and bieam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
| tain walks are aiming the amusements. £*ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions fir-it class. Rates reasonable. Send tor circular.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
CXDEB NBff MANAGEMENT.
"DATES $2 TO $2 SO PER DAY, $S TO *li PER
JX week: all baths free.
I W. H. HARRON. Proprietor.
IVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OP
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County, round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; finbinz, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table-
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J."
QjILLESPIK, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
AT BELMONT. SAN MATED COUNTY
-T- board for summer months; private family;'
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImonu
HOTKL DE REDWOOD, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; board $7 to $10 a week: alsj
camping facilities, tents, etc. Address M. & COX,
Laurel.
ANITA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA- CRUZ
Mountains; tine family resort. J. HAES-
| TERS, proprietor^. •
RAILROAD TRAVEIJ
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO3IPANT.
(PACIFIC sy.-STKM.)
Train* leave nnd are <lno «<> iirrite at
SAN HtAA'CISCO.
| r- - ",,
tKATE — Fr.OM Juke 7. 1896. — AKRIYI
'•6:OOa Xiles. San Jose and Way Stations... sl43a
7--«*Oa Atlantic Express, Og«leu and Kant.. *-45»
7sooa Bcaicia, VacaTilie, Enrcsey. Bacr^
mer.to, OroTille and Bedding vis
Davis 6:15?
7;»0a Martinez, &in Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Ilosa 6:13?
• ::tOA Nile*. Hau Jose, Stockton. lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo and lieti
Muff 4-tl!»p
•S:3oa Peters aud Milton *7:lSp
•:<h»a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:4»»
«:00 A Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
»:OOa Vallejo 6:ISp
IjGOp Niles, San Jose and Liveruore 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers *Q:00p
:30p Port Costa and Way Stations U:43*
4:««r Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Nap*, Calistoga, Ll Verano and
Santa Rosa OilSa
«:t»Op Benida, Vacate, Woodland,
ICnishts Landing, MexjstUU,
OroTille and •Sacramento 10:19*
4:8»p Niles, San Jose, Livericore and
Stockton 7:13?
, 4:S«p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemltc) and Fresno 11:43 a
3:ottr New Orleans i;xprer3, I'rcano, Bakers-
<l«ld, Hai:la Rarbara,T.os Angelet,
X>en dig, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
Sat lOiISa
Si*ttp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East JC:IS\
S:OOp Vallejo 11:45*
«:O«i> Kuropeau Mall, Ogclcn and Kast 9:45 a
e:OOi- 1! awards, Nile* aud San J05e...... ?:•■"» A
J7:ooi- Vallejo t~'*43F
7:UOp Oregon Saoriinieuto. Marjs-
viilo. Bedding, Portland, l'ugct,
Bound and lUist ■■ IO:4Ba
SANTA <Ul'Z IHVINiO.N (.Narrow Usage).
J7:45a Santa Crun Exuirslon, f-anta Cruz •" ' -
and rjrinc!p..l Way Stations }8:0Sr
' " Bil3a Newark.Cenlcrflllr.Siiii.loso.Feltoii,
IJonldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations OlS«F
■ **»ISp Newark. CevterTille, San Jose. Haw
Almaden, Feltou, llonlder Creek,
- Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *11i20a
j«:l^l- Newark. San .lone and l.os <!atog 0:^0 a.
COAST IHVISIO.N (lliir.l .V T<uTiii,eiid Sis.)
•6:45 a «au Jore and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only)  9:474
?7:20a Sunday Excursion for San Josq,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations tS»B5r
BslNa Hun .lone, Trc.i I'inos, ts.mta, Cruz.
r .'uciiic Grove. Paso Rubles, Sue
Luis Oliigno. Guadalui>o and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7rOsp
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations f I xSOp
lO:4wa Man Jo- -ad Way Stations .voop
II:aOA Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30r
•2:3l)l' San M*tco, Mcnlo Park, Haa Jot*
ailro7, Trcs rinos, Santa Crut,
B.ilina.',Jtonteit-y mid I'acilicGrove *10: 10
<3:: tor &ii Jose, Pacific Grove and War
Stations " »l; 30»
•«:3Oi-S.<in Joso «nd Way Stations •*,... v.
3:30 - Jose and Principal Way Stations *B:4«ia
tf:UOi>Ss.nJosoai:<l Way Stations fl:3s\
|U:4sr» Si>n .lose mi. l Wav Stations t7:43p
SAN LKANUUO AM* lIAtVVABOS LU> AL.
»»6:OOa1. ( 7:13 a
8:00 a ; I t!>:-S.-i A
r,2:SSt Hdjrose, Seminary Park, JVil^
'"loop FitcUburg, San Lt«ndro *J:]?J
fix » d * nig,
•l::>Op f B ° U 1 8:43 P
<i:OUp awards. 6:13r
r, : :joi. Haywtrds. \9HSm
7:(»0p J ,V S:4^i
0.-OO" «RmiBthn«gbtoiraaa,-- I j«:*ol
ttll:l3pj t From Niles. [ M i g : oo>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
From SAN /RISCISCO Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9.'0 11:00 A.M. tl:QO *2:00 J3CI
. •4:00 tB:O0 •6:00
frost OIBLASD — foot or Broad say*— '« : 00 BC4
10:00 a.m. U2:00 '1:00 $2:00 »3:C3 ti:Ci
«S:OQr.M. .'•■'■ . ■- .
A for Kerning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. f Saturdays onlj)
X Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only,
f Saturdays and Sundays for Hants Cruz.
\ Sundays and Hondas from Santa Crua.
MILL VALLEY \B MOOT TAMALPAIS
mm .railway.
ON AND AFTER THUKSD AT. AUGUST 27
train will connect with Nor;h Pacific Coast
Kail road as follows: Week Days leave San Fran-
cisco 11:45 a. m. ; returning arrive in ."-an Fran-
cisco 6 :3 i) p.m. Sunday: heave San Francisco 9
a. m. and 1:3!) p. m. ; reiurnint: arrive In San Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 p. m. Tickets can bo secured
In advance of --. "*
XfiOS. COOK & SON, 621 Market »\
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMSIAItV OF THE ' 'M.AKKJSXS.
Coal continues low.
Wheat weak.
Other Cereals unchanged-
Larger receipts of Bran.
No change in Hay.
Hams advanced.
Dried Fruit in jobbing 10-s firm.
Dried fruit in carloads cull.
Raisins firm and advanced.
Orchard Fruits unchanged.
Melons doing better.
Potatoes and Onions cheap.
Limes higher.
Butter firm. Eggs easy.
More Kastern Poultry in.
Mexican Do lars lower.
Decreased Customs collections.
PUBLIC MONEY IN SAN FRANCISCO.
C P. Berry. Assistant Treasurer United States at
San Francisco, reports cash on hand August 31,
] 896, as follows:
United States notes 87.413,119 00
Treasury notes 1890 7 ? 3 "252 c **
National Bank notes 44,25)5 00
Gold certificates 311.4,000
Silver certificate* 2,549,«K2 00
Goldcuin 3,9**1,928 50
Standard silver dollars 26,190,492 00
Subsidiary syver coin 4«0,bll 60
Minor coin 3,539 64
Total .....$40,707,724 64
Shipments of silver coin from the same office in
the month of August, 1896, were as follows: Stan
dard sUrer dollars. £199,000; subsidiary silver,
$ 106,296; total, $305,295.
THE COAL TRADE.
The private circular of L Steuart gives the re
ceipts of coal at this port during the first eight
months of 1896 at 820,200 tons, against 868,500
tons during the sauie lime in 1896, and says:
■■The imports of coal during the month have been
moderate and fully equal to the demand. Prices
of A ustrallan coal continue to rule low. both spot
and f'U future shipment, while English anthracite
coal tor loading hus advanced on account of hlguer
rates of fresht being asked by shivs to load.
"A small cargo of coal from China arrived in
port during the inontti. which Is claimed to be of
anthracite grade. The experience of the trade
with the litile coal tnat has been imported hitherto
from thai quaiter has been anything but satis
factory."
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
The local Mint coined in August, $4,071,000,
consisting of $2,980,000 in double eagles, $290,000
in eagles, $45,000 in half eagles. $7 0,000 In
standard dollars and $6000 in dimes. The coinage
in wicus;, 1895, wat $2.102,600. lor the first
ei^ht mouths iv 1896 it was $1&, 989,951, against
»U,80^.670 in 1895.
CUSTOM-HOUSE COLLKCTIOKS.
custom-house co'iections in this district last
month were $419,482, against ?5J1,400 for the
same month iv 18»5. For the firs, eight months
of the year they were $3,4H8,459, against $3,662,
-900 for ihe same period of 1895.
Explanation.
The antm flies with the wind. The top figure*
»t station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: tl,o«e underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; i«o-
Iherms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hit;h" means blcta barometric pressure aDd
Is usually accomuani"d by fair weather: "low"
refers :o low pressure, and is usually preceied
and accompKiiied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally firs: appear on the WashlnrtoD
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coasi.and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but wlien the "Inw" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the presanre falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected in summer and coldex
weaihpr In winter. The reverse of these conditions
<rill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Depabthknt of Agbicui>
Ti-RE Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Sept.
2, 1896, 5 p.m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64. Fresno — , San Diego 74, Red Bluff
94, San Luis < bispo 84, Ynma 104, San Francisco
76. Los Angeles 80.
Sau Francisco data— Maximum temperature 76,
minimum 56. mean 60.
The pressure continues high over the northern
half of the Pacific Slore; the greatest rise in pres- |
sure, however, has been over the upper Missouri
Valley. The temperature has risen from 6 to 10 !
degrees over Idaho, Washing: on and Oregon;
throughout California, Nevada, Utah and Arizona
the temperature has remained about stationary.
Light smoke Is reported from -Red Bluff north
ward. No rain has fallen within the limits of ob
servation.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hoars
ending midnight, September 3, 1896:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; continued
high temperatures during the day inland; light
northeasterly winds.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— 1 air Thursday. *•" ..=
I'ti.h — Cloudy Thursday; warmer Thursday
.morning in the north m portion.
Arizona— Fair Thurssday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
westerly winds.
A. G. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Kin>ni<!i:il.
NEW YORK, B. V., Sept. 2.— The security mar
kets were buoyant and business was larger than
on any previous day for a long time past. The
overwhelming victory of the Republican party in
Vermont was the main factor at work. Bulls on
slocks were more encouraged by the unprece
dented majority received by the sound-money cau
didates and extended their lines in all depart
ments of the Stock Exchanges. In. addition com
mission-houses reported more inquiry from out of
town sources, and taken altogether the feeling
was decidedly more confident as to the future of
values.
.Money ruled comparatively easy at 4607 per
cent, with the great bulk of the business at 6@6
percent, and foreign exchange weakened some
what, which led to reports of further imports of
gold in the near future. The developments of the
day completely demoralized the bear forces and
the snorts were eag r bidders for the stocks right
up to the close of busings. At the opening the
sta dard slocks bounded anywhere from Vi to 1
per cent.. But part of the gain was .on lost under
free sales to realize profits. Offerings of long
stocks, both for London and local account, were
quickly arm >r)>ed and the market during the after
noon resumed its upward course.
In the late afternoon trading the demand for the
leading specialties was renewed, - nd the market
was stronger than at any previous time of the day.'
Prices Jumped anywhere from % to 5 per cent,
and the ■improvement was well distributed. Sugar
rose *«Vb. Tobacco 18/ . Burlington 23/ , Chicago
Gas 314, St. Paul 2 Vs. Northwestern 1% Rock
Island 1*; 4 . Consolidated Gas 4, lake Shorn 37/
Lead 2. 1 ord-ge guaranteed 3, Western Union I%'
Total sales were 277,088 shares, including' 66 400
shares of -ugar, 50,400 Hi Paul, 18,500 Burling
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
. WttthLOCK & CO.,
4t LeldesdorJT St., Tel. Main 1854.
BKAKCH OFFICE
, 128 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S.PUUDY, Manager.
. Orders instantly : executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, H F.
COICAQO. KIYAXS Witt A. ««W iok«,
ton and Quincy and 17,400 Chicago Gas. Bonds
were inactive and strong. Sales were $1, 353,000
<"r»fn.
FLOUR— Firm: winter wheat, low grades,
81 70@$2 50: 00 fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40; do
patents, *3 45@3 85; Minnesota clear. $2 30®
2 70; do straits, $J 85@3 HO; do patents, 53 15(4
$4 05: low extras, $1 70@2 50; city mills. $3 90;
do patents, $4@4 25; mixtures, $2 40(^)2 90; su
perfine, $1 .->sfg(2 10; fine, $1 40@l 85
BARLEY— Quiet; feeding new, 31%o; do old,
33c.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet. Western, 48@53c.
WHEAT— Spot market moderately active, eas
ier; f. o. 0., 65% c: ungraded red, 65©66 c;
No. 1 Northern. (j Ifj^c-
Option opened firm and unchanged to %c up on
foreign buying: fell % on realizing, and follow
ine int* West, rallied >>4@ S /8C 00 covering, closing
steady al %@%c und r yesterday, with a light
trade; December most active. No. 2 red >iay.
685/& c; September, 023/ c; October, 63c; Decem
ber, 6.1 c.
C'»KN— spot, dull, easer; No. 2, 25 % c elevator:
266/ s @-.634c afloat.
"ptio.swere fairly active, and closed weak, at
VBf&yifi decline, following the West, and on large
receipts. M.a. and December most active. Sep
tember. 25V8C: October, 26*ygc; December,
27% c: May. 30%.
LAIS- Spot quiet, steady.
1 Options, moderately ac.ive, easier.
-pot prices: No. --. 19» /4 ; No. & white, 24% c:
No. 2 Chicago, ' 20% c; No. 3, 18c; No. 3 white.
! 20% c; mixed Western. 16@21c: white do, 18®
I 28c; white state, 18@28c
; rovixlon*.
I ARD— Quiet, firmer: Western steam. *P3 76@
377y a ; city, S3 50; September. $H 65; refined, duli;
continent. S3 15: boutn American. $4 65: com
pound, I- 7/ 8 (g;4 ysC.
pi > XX-. Moderate demand, steady; new mesa,
$7 60ig,S 25.
BU'l IKK — Fair demand, steady: Western
dairy, B@l2c: do creamery, liy 3 r^l6y^c; extra
factory. 7Va®l- I ,ic: Elgius, 16% c: imitation
creamery, 10@10%c.
CfIKESK- steady, light receipts: State, large,
5(g.8%c: do small. 6®Hi/ 4 c; part skims. 2@sc.
t.fii,s— Firm, fair demand; State and Pennsyl
vania, 14i0.16c; Western, fresh, 14@15c; do ft
case, sfl su@J 30.
1 ALLOW -Quiet, steady; city, SVfe@3 l-16c;
country. 31/4<&3*ysC.
cotton-sked OlL— Quiet; crude, 19@20c;
yellow, prime, 23c.
POTATOES— Choice, steady, unchanged.
RlCE— Firm; domestic, 3%@5&4c; Japan, 4®
4y 4 c.
MOLASSES— Steady, moderate demand; New
Orleans, 27@H7c.
COFFEE— lnactive, unchanged to 6 points up:
November, $9 10; December, $9 05. Spot Rio,
quiet; No. 7, 10">ac.
-•-UiiAß— Raw sterdy: fair refining. 2%c:
centrifugals, 96 test, 314 c: refined, quiet, steady:
off A, 3 7-16@4%c; mold A, oc; s anurd
;A. 434 c; conlectioners' A, 4^%c; cut loaf,
58, gf crushed, 63/gC; powdered, 6c; granulated,
• 4*^c; cubes, 5c
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. B%@loc.
PEACHES— OId, peeled, 12®14c; nnpeeled, 6
@Be.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal, 4S4(ffisc.
PAISINS— . wo-crown, loose Muscatels. S s /4®
4c: do three-crown, 5@0i.40; do lour-crowu. 6iAc:
do London iayers, H:l(dil 10; do clusters, $1 2j@
1 40.
imps— Dull. Pacific Coast, 3<£l6%c.
WooL-Quiet. Domestic fleece, lb(^23c; pulled,
180iaic; 'lexas, 10&12 a
Merchandise.
Tin IRON— American. 510 25@10 50.
COPPER-DnU; lake. $10 50®10 85.
LEA Steady: domestic. *2 70f<s2 75.
1 1N- Quiet ; straits. *13 26@13 r 6: plates quiet.
fcPELTKR-Dull; domenlc. *3 65@3 76. > ,c,  •
UliCAuu MAitKKTS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Sept. 2.— Business in wheat at
the opening of the market this morning was little
better than at a standstill. Even the usual sulk:
of opening orders seemed restricted and afterward
! the trade became almost stagnant. A slight ad
j vance over yesterday's close was recorded at the
start, a very Hunt volume of arrivals in the North
west, 345 cars, inspiring a little firmness, but
when it was ascertained that these contracted re
ceipts were due to an accident 00 the Great North
ern road, by which, a great number of cars were
] delayed, the firmness disappeared and slight <le-
I cl ne took place.
! Liverpool cables were easy and i.4d lower. Re
i ceipts' at Chicago were 182 cars and 28.550
I bushels were withdrawn from store. Bradstreets
I reported an Increase In the world's available sup
! ply of 1,536,000 bushels, shortly after the an
j nouncement of this reduction prices slumped l^c
I further. lxport clearances were light at 200, 1 12
bushels. Pacific Coast stocks of wheat increased
! 1,500.000 bushels during August. Closing Paris
cables were lower. Antwerp unchanged and Ber
lin %@S/4 mark higher. December wheat opened
from 58s.i.c to 58%. declined to 57% c, closing at
sb@sßygc, %c under yesterday. intimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 235 cars.
CORN— Opened with firmness, a gift from wheat
subsequently retaining a fair proportion of the
I s'rength. but no*, attracting attention through any
! untoward activity. Receipts were light at 375
cars, but Wednesday's arrivals are usually small.
Withdrawals from store aggrega-ed 679.051
bushels. Liverpool cables were steady. When
I the weakness in wheat became pronounced corn
I prices succumbed to a like feeling through sym
! pathy. Export clearances were 396,228 bushels.
! iiiiid.sireets' reported an increase of 497,000
j bushels in available storks. May corn opened at
I -4" 4 sold between 24%(a25c and 24% c closing
i at 245/gc VsC under yesterday. Estimated re
i ceipts lor to-morrow, 565 cars.
1 OATS teady, the situation in that grain being
'■ more encouraging than In the two leaders. Bad
I crop reports and a fair-sized shore interest are two
. important factors which serve to support prices
J very ably. Receipts were 685 cars. There were
no withdrawals from store, l^radstreets gave an
{ increase In slocks of 194,000 bushels. May oats
closed Vi lower. Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
335 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cesh, 63%@64J>4c: Septem
! ber, 64c ; December, 66 VaQi66yau Receipts, 126
! cars.
I PHOVISIONS— A steady tone and a light trade
, were the only features, If they might be classed as
1 such, in the provision market, uhe bog market
; was Irregular, affording no particular encourage
i ment to either buyers or sellers. January pork
j cosed a shade higher, January lard 2 Vie higher
i and January ribs a shade lower.
BITTER- A fair local demand for butter was
j noted to-day, but outside orders were limited.
Supplies were moderate and the feeling steady.
I Creameries — Extras, 16c: firsts, 14 1 /2@15 1
seconds, ll@13c; imitations, fancy, 12® ,.ic
Dairies— Extras, 14c: firsts, ll®12c: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— Extras, 9V2@loc: firsts, 8&yy 2 c; packing
stock. 7fe7i/«jc; grease, 4@sc.
KGGB-^- active and steady. Demand fair
and supply not large. Fresh stock was quotable
at : lfa,l Iy c V- dozen.
MOMii-'Aaa firm at 6@7% on call and 7% on
ii 111*- loans. JSew York exchange sold at »1 80
discount
Closing Prices.
whf AT— September. 66s/ 8 c; December, 68®
8 c; May, 623/ 8 2 c.
■ coKN— -^epieaiuer. iuyic; December, 21% c*
May, 24% c. . • ts .
OATS— September. 15% c: May. 18*»4c. -
PORK— September, *5 67%: January, 56 85.
LAKI>— beptemoer. «3 32%; January, *3 75. .
l-.lUb— KepieniDer, «3 20; January, S3 45.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. Ik.. Sept. 2.-The cat
tle market was firm to-aay, best grades selling at
10@16c advance. Offerings were moderate »nd
the demand good. Receipts of hogs were fair,
the demand was not brisk and prices were steady
to 5c lower. . Sheep and lambs were In heavy sup
ply, poor demand and 10@kl5c lower.
CATTLK-KeceiDts. 17 000. Fancy' beeves. *
@5 15: choice 10 crime. 1300 to 1700 lb steers,
$4 70<S4 95: good to choice steers, 1200 to 1800 &
$4 36@4 65; medium steers, 1000 to 1300 lb. $4 10
(a A 30: fair beef steers. 860 to l;-, 00 lbs
S3 75® 4 00; butcher steers. 83 10 fa) 3 70
-feeders, 900 to 1250 lb. *3 OU@3 65: siocker*,'
500 to 875 lb. *2 60@3 60; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $'J 8003 25; -bulls, poor to cnolce. SI 76
f'i 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra. *3 OOfd)
85; cows, fair to choice, g'j 25@3 40: .ows,
common to falrcanners. $1 25®:: 10; calves, good
to choice. $5 75(jcu6 10: calves, common to good
S.V. 75@5 75: Texas grass steers. «a 45<53 jo.
Texas cows and bulls, *1 76@2 50; "A. stern can
ning steers, $2 65(ia;4; Western range cows ana heif
ers. $2 25@3 50 milkers and -springers, *jj4 head,
$'JO@4J: Western range steers, «2 Bj@3 95.
. id UGS— Receipts. 28,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $2 75ift3 25: common to choice
mixed, $2 90<a,3 35; choice assorted, S3 25(3
3 35: Helm *3 35@3 37%: pigs. $2 60«3 3U
MlKH.P— Keceipis. 2i,ouu. interior to choice
4 2&3 60. iambs, *2 50 tO 00. ' .'
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 1u,., Sept. 2.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay, $1 35@2 10; Muscatel. *1 36@
1 40: Malaga, 85c@$l 20. Bartlett, »1 25
(a,140. Peaches— salway, $105: Plcquei's .Late,
' $1 05.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept, 2.— Porter Bros. Com
pan sold California fruli to-day as follows:
Grapes-Tokny, $1 45@2 95 per half crate; Mus
ca-.eis, 80c@$l 70; ■ ose de Peru, 75c. Pc >rs—
Ranlett, $ i@l 85. Prunes— German, $1 20@l Ho
per half crate; (iros. $I@l 30; Hungarian, $1 18
fj. 20. Nectarines, $1 2<J per half crate. Pea' hes—
reestonea. $1 p-r box; $65c@$l;
Smock's and Picquet's Late, 96c; Late Crawfords
80@95c. '
M-.W i«. . „.. u iOCK*).
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Sliar-i.
Money on call quiet at 4@7%; last loan at 4% and
closing offered at 4%. Prime mercantile paper.
H@9%. i.sr silver, c6S/ 8 -. Mexican duilars, 61S/
@5314 c: Sterling Exchange was easier,' with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 82%@4 823/.
for s xty days, and $4 84%@4 84% for lemand.
Posed rates. $4 Bo@i 85. Commercial bills,
$4 KlV4@4 82. Government bonds strong. State
bonds quiet. Railroad bonds higher. Silver at the
board watt dull.
CroRTXO i«Tr>cit«u -
Am Tel * Cable.... 78 Norfolk & Westm 8%
Atcbison.. 11% Preferred. . . . . ' 12»/x
Preferred... 17% Northern Pacific!!! lOftS
Adams Express. .. :lßs • Preferred. .... . 18V«
■ Alton. Terre Haute 64% Northwestern...... 97
American Express)os i "Preferred. " .143
AmirlcanToDacco. 61% N. Y. Central* 52%
Preferred 93 N.Y..ChicaKO&S.L. 10%
Bay State Ga5...... 14% Ist preferred 65
Baltimore * Ohio.. 11% Yd preferred.... 28
Brunswick Lands.. %X. Y.& N.H." . 164
buffalo, Roch &P. 18 N. Y. & New Ene' •20
Canada Pacific... 6*34 ;s. y., Snsq & W... 8
Canada Southern.. 45»/ Preferred. 20
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
Canton Land 60% Ontario.... . „ 11
Central Pacific . . 13% Ontario & Western 12%
Ches.«feOhio * S V» Oregon Improvmnc ■%
Cblcaco Alton. 150; Preferred. . .— —
Preferred 170) Oregon Navigation 13
Chicago. B.<t a... 63% Oregon Short Line. 11%
Chicago <& E. 111... 37% Pacific Mall.. l»~y s
Preferred....- HO Peorla, D.<fe Evans •1%
CblcagoGas........ 5 14 P'ttsburi; 4W. ptd 15
Cleve<fc Pittsbnrg..l6s Pullman Pa1ace... .141
Consolidation Coal. 3) Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Ga5.. 144% Preferred. ........ 15
C. C. C. a. St. Louis 241,4 Readmit . 8
Preferred. 73 liiioGrande&Westa 16
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 16 ! Preferred 40
Preferred 90 Rock Island. 57%
Cotton Oil Cert .... » Rome Wau&Ogden. 109
Commercial Cable. 1 20 St. L. 4S. W...... 3
Del. Hudson ...1193,4 Preferred. 8
Del.Lack<&Westrn. 155 St. Paul 68%
Denver R. 0 110 I Preferred... 125%
Preferred. 41 St. Paul <fc Dulutb. 15
Distillers Preierred 84
General Klectrlc... 2t>'-4 St. Paul & Omaha. 36%
Erie 13% Preferred.. ....... 165
Preferred 30 I St. P. M. <t M.. 103
Fort Wayne.. 145 silver Certificate*. 66%
Great Northern pfdlO7 Southern Pacific... 16%
Green Bay % Southern R. It 7%
Hiirlem 300 Preferred. 20%
Hocking Coal Sugar Refinery ....112
Hocking Valley.... 1614 Preferred. 995/«
Homestake. 34 Term. Coal <fc Iron. 103
H. <& Texas Cent...- Preferred. 90
Illinois Central..... 88 'Texas Pacific 19
lowa Central j 6% Tol.A.A.* N.Mich.—
Preferreo 24 To). & Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas & Texas... 10 < Preferred. 50
Preferred 22 Tol.bt. Louis* K.C. 5
Kinßßion.fc Pern... 3 Preferred 6
Lake Erie <£ Weatn 1514! Union Paclnc . 58/,
Preferred. 63 U. P. Den <fe Golf- 1%
LakeSbore 144% U. 8. Coraace 4%
rational Lead 20 ! Preferred. 8
Preferred 82 Guaranteed.. 16%
Long Island 65 U. S. Express... 32
Louisville & Nash. 40% U. H. Leather 7 -
Lonlsvllle. NaJICB 2 Preferred. .- 48%
Preferred. 4% U. S. Rubber....... 16
Manhattan Consol. 80»4 Preferred. 72%
Memphis <ft Charts. 16 Itica &B. River.. l6o
Mexican Central... 7% Wab. IS. L. & Pao.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 89 j Preferred. 18y 8
Mlnn<fcS.L, Wells-Fargo. *b
Preferred Western Union.... 78%
Minn* St. L com. 13% Wisconsin Central. 18/«
Ist preferred 65 Wheeling *L. X., 6
2dpreferred 37 Preferred. 13%
Missouri Pacific... 18 Am Cotton OU pM. 32
Mobile cfc Ohio 16 W. U. Beef «. 6
Nashville <fc chatt. 67% Ann Arbor 7
National Linseed.. 14 Preferred. 19
»• J. Central 98% Brooklyn Traction. 21
Kortii American... 4 Erie 2d pfCL. 16
txoNiNa BONm.
Ala Class Ail 100 Northern Pac lsts. 11 2
Do Class B 4, 65.. 100 Do2ds 106
Alabama, class 105 Do ads. 6*4
Atcnison4s 74 Do consol '6s 43
Dol'diA... 32% Olmorovement Ist 73
Canada South 2ds.. 98 Do 5s . 10
Cen Pac lsts of '9s. 99 OR AN lsts. 108
Cherokee 4a, 1898.100 Do ;onsol 65.... 83
5° Jg'Z 100 Or short Line 65... 105
5° JB9BJ 898 ...10i) DoconsSs 5
Do 1899 ....100 Pacific «Js of *97.... 160%
Ches «Oulo 05....103 Ph. la* eading4s. 73
Vi «*^« Tr Ecu Bs 39% Do Ist pfd Incam. 26%
CC 3-66s 109 V* R Grande West law oS%
Den & 1 " G1 110y 2 SlL&lronMtGen 70
..• D °4s 86 Ist L& 8 F Gen 6s. 103
,, Ij",^'B1 j",^'B 5H St Paul Consols.... 128
* t J)*UenCltylslß 60 St PC* Pa lsta..-110
OHABASs 101 So Carolina 4%5... 95
Do2d7s 95 Southern RR 65... 84%
Gen Elec Deb 65... 85 Do Pac Cal 15t5.. 107
H& Tex Cent 65.. 102 Term new 3s 70
Bo con 6s. 102 Texas Pacific Ist*. 77
lowa Central lsts.. 70 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16
Kansas Pa Consols 60 Union Pac lsts 96. 99
X* *•* law Den dlvlOß U8 4s reg of 1H25.115%
La Consol 4s 90 Do 4s, coupon. 116%
Missouri funding... r t»4R.ree of 1907.105%
MKT2ds.... - 60% Do 4s. coupon.... 106%
. I>o 4s 79 Do2s !?..... 92
Mobile * Ohio 45.. «1 | Do 5s 110
Mutual Union 65... 107 J o se. coupon. ... 110
N J Cent Gen 55... 1 12%'Va funding debt... 66
r» V C<t>t Louis 4slOO Do registered —
Nor&West Gen 65.115 Do deferred 65... 6
r» Carolina con 45.. 9b Do trus: rcpta st. 4
Do 6s 110 Wabasn Ist 6s 102
Northwest Consols. 1 33 I West Shore 45... 108
Do deb 6s 100 1
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Exo., Sept. I.— The spot market
is quiet at 6s 6@ss Yd. Cargoes dull at 27s 3d,
sellers, prompt shipment.
mom
The Produce Exchanee cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Hed Winter: Sep
tember, 5s i^d: October, 5s Id; November, 5s
ly^d; December, 6s 2d; January, 6s 2y»d.
SIOCITBITrKS.
LONDON, En-g., S .pt. 2. — Consols, 112 5-16;
silver, 30 11-16 d: French Rentes, 103f 2y 2 c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — . $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 >»9.'< i
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine silver, %i ounce — 66*/«
Mexican Dollars 61i£ 62
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Exports from this port In August
were 866,432 ctls, valued at $865,028, making
total exports thus far this crop year of 1,412,565
ctls, valued at $1,400,227.
The Almora takes for Cork 69,199 ctls. valued
at $67,600.
The market is weak, but there Is a good export
movement. No. 1, Psf«t>96i4c "$ ctl; choice, 97% c;
lower trades. 87V 2 @92y 3 c; extra choice for mill
ing, $I@l 07% i* c.l.
CALL BOABD SAI.KS.
Isforiiai Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
3000 ctls, 99c; 4000. HB%c.
>i- ii.yd *M£ssioN— December— Booo ctls, 986/j,a
KEnt'LAi Morninu >EssioN — December —
6000 ctls, 99c; fOOO, 99y*c; 18.000, 99% c.
afternoon Session— Deoember— l2,ooo ctls,
99y±c.
BaßLEY— shipment of 147,720 ctls Brewing,
valued at $119 000, to St. Vincent.
The market is quiet and unchanged. We quote
Feed, 6c@63S4c ; choice bricht, 65®t)6yic; Brew
ing. 72y 3 ((j>Boc ctl; Chevalier, 90c@$l for .\a 1.
CAI.I, BOARD SALKS.
iNroKMAL Skssion— 9:l6 o'clock— No sales.
Skcond session— .\o sales.
RB(iri.Aß MoHStN.i -1 si lus — No sales.
AKTKKNOON SKBBION— No Sa!e<«.
OaTS - Are stead v at the advance with large re
ceipts. New Feed, 75@85c $ <tl; old milliug, 87%
@92% c: fancy feed, 92y..<g95c: good to choice,
Bf>(§92%c: common 10 fair, 75®80c; Gray, 86
@8';y 2 c; Surprise, 95c@«l 02%.
CORN— Large Yellow, 87V 3 te9oc: Small Hound
do, 90<592%c * ctl; White, 72%@76i4c.
RYK— 7o@72%c H ctl for 01a and 62%@66c
tor new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 86@95c 9 ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLBTUFFS.
!• LOUR— Vet cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 9 bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
(aH 50; superfine $2 7BQ&
COKN MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 50@20;
Cracked 1 orn. $20 50@21 f 1 ton.
MILLSTLFF —Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: (iruham Flour, f2 10;
P.yp Floor, *2 60: Rice flour, $6 75; Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, $2 75: 1 atmeal, $2 90; Oat
I . roats, $3 60 : Hominy, $3 10@3 30; Buckwheat
Flour. $3 10@3 30: Cracked Wheat. $2 75: Fa
rina, $3 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30: Rolled
Oats. $3 60: Pearl Barley, *3 60; split Peas, $3 20*
Green do, $4 10 %* 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Arrivals of Bran are larger.
BRAN— sl3@l3 50 for the bast and $12@12 60
V ion for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— fIoCSI6II ton for lower grades,
and $17(a,18 's* ton for the best.
FEEI.STUKFS— RoIIed Barley, «14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 "j* ton: jobbing, $22; clipped
Oats. 97y a c@$l 05 » ctl.
JIAY-.vo chxnge. Wheat is quotable at $7®
10 > ton; Wheat and Oat, $6@9 $ ton; Oat, »s<m
7 60- Barley, *6@7; 1 Iver BRr.ey,if4 50@5; Aifaifa,
$5 60<a,t> 50 tor second anC" $4 50@6 for first cut
linc; compressed fl>@9; stock, $4^6; Clover,
b(a.7 50.
&TRAW— 3O@4Oc f, bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at $I®l 15 *$
» tl; Small Whites, 95c@f 1 10 *$ ctl; Pea, 95c
(d.% 15 * ctl; Large Whites, 85@96c Tfr ctl; Pink.
75® 5c V cti: Reds, *I@l 50 ttl; Blackeye,
91 25@1 50: Red Kiuney, *I@l 10; Limas, $1 80
13)2 05. Butters, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustnrd, $1 50<#l 75 V ctl;
Trieste, $2 25@2 75 %< ctl: Yellow Mustard, SI 50
@1 75: Flax. $1 60: Canary, 2Va@2%c *9 Ib: Al
lulta, nominal; Rupe, 2i/2<' "¥ tt>: Ilemp, 3%c.
DRIKD PEA>-$1 10@140-|lcaforMieß and
*1 25Q.1 50 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes, 76c@$l: Garnet
Chiles, 6O@6sc'sctl: Early Rose, 20@35c; Bur
bank Seedlings. 25@35c lor Rivers and 60@90c for
Salinas.
ONIONS— Weak at 25@35c$ctl; Pickles, 50c
VEGETABLES— Almost everything on the list
Is lower. Marrowfat Bouash Is quo; able at 9 @
7 * ton; Green Corn, 35@75c ft sack: Alameda
Corn, $I@l 25 *B crate; Berke.ey Corn, 2&<ciisoc
V box; summer Squash, 25c %* box for Bay: Egg
Plant, 25@40c: Tomatoes. 16©25 c for Rivers And
20@50c lor Bay: Alameda Cucumbers, 20@25c;
Pick es, 50c * box for No 1 and 25c # cti
for No. 2: Green Peppers, 25@35c v> large box for
Chile and 25@35c for Lell: Green Peas, 50@75c
1* sack for common and 2@2%c fi Ib for Garden;
Mring Beans, 60(0>75c » sack for common and 2(a>
S»4c !b for garden; Limas. 75c@*l 50 *#( sack;
Green Okra, 25©40 c V box: Cabbage, 40c 9 ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c li sack: Garlic, %@2c * lb.
POCLTBY AND GAME.
. POULTRY— A car of Eastern sola at 14c for
Turkeys, $3 25 for Ducks, «5 50@6 for Hens and
young Roosters, *4 25@4 60 for old Roosters and
SS@3 75 for Broilers.
Local stock was not materially changed.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 14@16c V Ib
for Gobbler*. 13@14c for i.ens: young Turkeys.
15@17c; Geese,?* pair, $ ($1 25; Goslings, $1 25®
1 75; l>ucka, B»@3 50 ft dozen for o d ana $3 si)fa»
6 for. young; Hens, $405; Roosters, young, *4
@5.>0 %)doz: do, old, «4@4 50: Fryers, 83@3 50-
Broilers, ,s.j@3 60 for large and $2 25@2 60 for
small ; Pigeons, SI 60@l 75 1* dozen for young and
$1 25@160 for old. .
A MIS— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEK-E AND KOGS.
BUTTER— market Is • not as active, but the
advance is maintained. Dairies, however, are not
overfirm.
Ckkameky— Fancy, 23@23%c. with sales at
24c: seconds, 20@22c f* Ib.
DAntY— Fancy, 20@21c * n>: good to choice,
17Vo@i9c; lower grades, 14@16c
Pickled— ls@l7cf( lb. • ' ■
Firkin— 14@15C ? It).
CHj-.kse — Fancy mild new, 9c *"?. B>; common
to good, 6%®8%c * lb: Cream Ctieddar, 10@llc:
Younc America, 9®loc: Western, 10@llc: East
ern, ! l@l3c "« lb.
EGGf-Eas. and quiet. Oregon, IH(<sl4c
dozen; Eastern.' 18®15c; store Eggs. 12@14c for
ordinary and 15@17%c for good; ranch Eggs, 19
1 @23c, with some sales even higher: cold-storage
j ranch, 17@18c; Duck Eggs, 16@17 9 doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Quinces are lower and dull. Otherwise there Is
little change.
| , Quinces, 36@40c 9 box.
Peaches, 25@65c a bx, 25@37%c "9, basket, $15
©20 •$ ton for freestones and $25@30 V ton for
clings.
Plums. 30@75c « box.
Pomegmnuies. $I@l 25 fi box.
App es, 75c@$l 2!> ft box for choice and 40060 c
for common.
Pears, 20@40 ■ *$ box; Bartletts, 40@65c *|» box
ami -M<j@-.'O f> ton.
Figs, Sft&Stfc V box for white and 25®75c for
black, doable lavt-rs.
BEltliii.^— Receipts are showing the effects of
Sunday's rain, and some wet Strawberries sold at
50c ■$ chest.
strawberries, $4@6 V chest for Longworths and
$1 50@3 for large oerries.
Raspberries, «;-*@4 ■£ chest.
Blackberries. $2®3 f* chest.
Huckleberries, 7c ?» lb.
GRAPES— No particular change. Seedless quot
able at 4O(aJSOc « box: Isabellas, — — *# crate: To
kays, 40@75- "$ box: Black Grapes, 30fgi60c bx:
Muscats, 30©60 c ■"# box: Sweet waters and Fon
tainebleaux, 2t@4oc%* box; Grapes In crates bring
6<aiocmore than In boxes. !
Zlnfandel Wine Grapes, $18@20 "$ ton. They
are not selling very well, as it is too early yet.
MELON - Are doing better again. Water
melons. $4® 10 %■ 100: Cantaloupes, 25®65c *
crate; Nutmegs, 16@35c^ box. »
CITRUS FRUITS— Limes are higher. Oranges
are nominal ats2@3 for Valen. las and $1 50@2 for
Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1 60(32 %4 nox
for common and *2 50@3 for good to choice: Mex
ican Limes, $8 ")o@7 %U>ox; California Limes. 75c
tfl 60: Bananas, $1(a,2 ft bunch; Pineapples, $2
3 60$ doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Jobbing prices for all Fruits except Prunes are
higher and the market is firm, carload lots are
dull, as there Is no Eastern demand whatever.
Raisins in jobbing lots are higher and very firm.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6@7c "£ Ib f. o. b.
coas. and B@9c for fancy Moorparks; new Prunes.
Sc: new Peaches, 3 %c ¥ &> In the sweat-box and
4@sc f. o. b. coast.
Jobbing Phi. New Peaches. 4Vi@s%c fi
Ib: fancy, 7c *$ lb; new Apricots, 6<s7c $ &>:
fancy, 7c; Moorparks, 10@llc: new evaporated
Apples, 6c; sun-dried, 3 c%* lb; Prunes, 3c for tour
sizes: new Figs, black. @3c for unpressed mid
3@3y 2 for pressed: white x i&s, 4c; Plums, 5c for
pitied and l%c for unpltted; new Nectarines, 4
@5c $ lb for prime to fancy: Pears, 3%@4%cfor
whole, 5c for quarters and 6c for halves.
Ra sins-
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown, loose, 4%c; 3
crown, 3%csl Jb: 2-crown, 3c "$ lb; seedless Sul
tanas, sc*slb; seedless Muscatels, 3%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1; clusters, $150: Dehesa clus
ters, $2 50: Imperial clusters, 1 2 60.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c *f* lb for Lan^uedoc,
"¥> Ib for hardshell and 9@loc "H Ib for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c %i Ib for Eastern and
for California; Hickory Nuts, 6@6c %>, tt>;
Pecans, 7%@Bc; Filberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc %1 lb; Cocoanuts, *4@5 %i 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4%^>4%c; dark amber, 4@
4 Vie; dark, 2@3c V It..
BEESWAX— 2S@27c f, lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams have advanced. Sugar-cured. Bacon Is
firm-
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6i/ 2 c
for heavy, 7Vac *? Ib for light medium. 9@9yac
for light, l'J@l 1c for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12<0l2yac:
California Hams. Italic ** Ib; Mess Beef, $7@
8: extra mess do, $8; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, !fß(tt,B 60; extra clear, SI 3 ?» bbl:
mess, 811 50(a)12 bbl: Mnoked Beef, 10c IS lb.
i^AßD— Eastern tierces Is quoted at 4 Vic "#" tt>
for compound and sVic for pure; pails, 6c"pilb;
California tierces, 4*UjC for compound and 6y 2 c tor
pure; ha.f-bbls, 5»4c; 10- tins, tji/ic: do 6-Ib,
6y«c 3 ttl.
COTTOLENE— In half-bbls and 63/ 4
7y « lb in 10-tt, tins: /4^
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quoted at 6c *"**. Ib; culls and brands,
5@5y 3 c 9 &>; medium, 5c "¥> &>; culls and
brands, 4<§4mjc ■$ ft; light, 4c; culls and
j brauas, B@3i^c; cowhides, 4@4i/2c: culls and
! brands, B@4c: .ltea Kip, 4c: salted Calf. 6c *$ lb:
salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides. 9@9y a c; culls and
branas, 7c; dry Kip and Veal,7(Sißc; culls, 6c;
dry Calf, 12@14c; culls, b@9.-; Goatskins. 20$
35c each: Kids, 6c: Deerskins, good summer,
25(a,'i7 ; M|C: medium, 15®.2y a c; winter, 7©loc;
Sheepskins, shearings, 10i£15c each; short wool,
20@35c each; medium, 406$S0ceach: long wools,
60@60 each. Culls of all kinds about V c less.
1 ALriOW— No. 1. rendered, 2V»'5.3c; - .No. 2,
2V4c; refined, 43/i@sc: Grease, 2c %> Ib.
WOOL— Hum botdt and Mendoclno, 10@llc: Val
ley Oregon, 10@llc f lb; do lower grades, 8®10c:
Nevada, 6@B 2 c; San Joaquin and Southern
Coast, six months, 4@6c; San Joaquin. foothill,
good to choice, 6y s @7y 3 c; San Joaquii, year's
fleece, 4@sy»c; northern free, 7®9c: do defective,
: 6@6Vic * it>7
HOPS— Nominal at 2@3c * lb for 1895.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, S4 20@4 25;
San Quentlu, $4 20: Wool Bags. 24v,@26^c
COAL- Wellington, i 8 * ton; New Wellington,
*8 *# ton: Southfield Wellington, $7 50 f. ton;
Seattle, $s^*s 60: Bryan., SS; Coos Bay, $4 50-
Wailsend. $7: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbb, S7 50;
Cumberland, 813 50 $ ton in bulk and $15 In sks:
PennsylvauiaAnthraciteEgg.su *ji ton; Welsh
-*nthr»cite, 89; Cannel. «7 50; i.ock Springs.
Castu- (Jute and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
* 1 1(9 12 in bulk and 813 9 ton in sks.
M'i.ar_j he Western Sugar Kefinlng Company
quotps, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5V 8 c;
Powdered, 5»/ 8 c: Fine Crushed, 57/gc; Dry Granu
lated, 434 c; confectioners' A, 4**4 c: .'..airnoiia A,
43»r; KxtraC,4i4c: GoidenC, 4y 8 c; half barrels,
i/tc more than barrels, and boxes more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed • stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%@fic; second do. 4©
4%c: third do, 3%c^tt>. w
J KAi,-i4->rg<-,4<jssc; "mall, s@6c fl lb
MOTION -Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 4@4%c
LAMB— 6@6c "$ lb.
POKK-Live l.ogs, 2»4c ** lb for large and 3c
for small and medium ; dressed do, 4%@5c $ lb.
TVOOD, 1.1 MI'.KK, ETC.
Posts. 9 @loc each: Redwood, $5 f» cord; Oak,
rough, $6 00: peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75.
TANBAItK- $ cord.
1-1 Ml'.Ki:- prices for Pine are: No. 1
rough, «13@17 60 for the . lfferent lengths; No. 2,
2,2 : . a 1 Flooring. $21@2tf; Loth, S2: Redwood,
*16 or No. 1 and 13 for No. 2: Rustic, «18@23;
Shingles, common, $1 60: Shakes, $9 H M.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCK.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks.... 16,120 Butter, cUs • 49
0reg0n......... 18,«27, Cheese, ct15...... 164
Washington ... 3.100 Eggs, doz 990
wheat, cits 16,8.<0j Hides, no 174
Oregon 2,200 Pelts, bd ls 296
Barley, ctls 6,:;S0! Wine, gals 53,10t>
Oats, ctls 1,690 Leather, r0115.... 17
Oregon 640 Wool, bis 184
Washington... 84 .'-I 0reg0n......... 58
Beans. sks 400 Sugar, bb15....... 2,171
Potatoes, sk s.... 3,806 Qulcksilver.flaks. 20
onions, sks 200 1 Tallow, ct15...... 2X2
Bran. «ks 660 Lumber, M feet.. 40
Oregon, sks.... 4,800 Hops, bis.. 1
Washington... 495 - Oregon 185
Middlings, sks... 200 Shoris, or, iks.. 1.250
Hay, tons 697 Washington... 2.830
THE STOCK MARKET.
Although the best prices yesterday were gene
rally above those of Tuesday, the market weak
ened off in the afternoon. Chal enge declined
from 70c to 58c, Chollar from $2 40 to $2 20, and
so on, The Bodie stocks were higher all around.
Oc Mental is assessed 10c
The Alpha Con. assessment falls delinquent in
board and the Confidence assessment in office to
day.
Jackson has declared a dividend of 10c, payable
now.
John W. Pew has been appointed secretary of
the Mono alining Company, vice M. E. Willis, re-
I signed. The annual meeting of the company has
] been called for September 17.
The Kpr'ng Vulley Water Company,' San Jose
I Water Company and Pacific Gas Improvement
j Company will pay monthly dividends of 60c per
share on September 10.
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah has de
clared a dividend of 5c per share, amounting to
*4713 75, upon 94,275 shares of issued stock out
of 100,000 shares. The dividend will bo paid Sep
tember 15.
The offldal letters from the Confidence and
Challenge Consolidated mines for the weekend-
Ing August 31 r<port that the joint Confidence,
; Challenge Consolidated and Consolidated Im
perial west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel la
, out 683 teet, having been advanced 13 feet during
the wick.i ek. The face shows hard porphyry. There
were extracteu from the Confidence mine during
i v , eel£ Bnd stored in the orehouse at the
mine 2ti mining-car loads of ore, the average top
car sample of which showed an assay value of
*21 93 per ton.
advanced 5 feet, being cut by a fault. Have sloped
south to oil works nnd north 8 feet. 300 level —
Old raise on Fortuna vein west of shaft cleaned
out for 8» feet: ground yen- badly broken, south
drift Burgess ledge advanced 11 feet showing 2
inches of good ore on footwall. North slope from
south raise above this drifi driven 22 feet break
ing through 10 old north stope and shows a few
inches 01 good ore. 400 level— Id fills in Fortuna
have beeu siope.l out about 15 feet above ihe level
from drift running west of old incline station. It
will continue to yield a few tons of fair grade ore
weekly. Surveying work is being cons.antly con
tinued. Have been running ore steadily through
Standard mill during the week ; this wort in addi
tion to cleaning up the old mill is beimr continued.
Ktjlweb Con.— 2oo level— Stopes above No. 2
crosscut south have broken into three seams,
making the whole stope 6 to 6 feet wide *nd tlie
\vbol<- grade of the ore is belter. Tunnel level—
Nos. 1 and 2 raises are looking the same as here
tofore. T c raise above the old stope intermediate
drift is advanced 3 iVi-t, snowing 6 to 10 Inches of
ore, bui much broken up. Crosscu east from
stope d.-lit from crosscut 3 was driven 5 feet,
showing 4 inches of ore assaying $32 per ton.
Extracted during the wt-ek 14.2 tons of ore as
saying from $12 to $85 per ton; true average, $38
per ton.
Mono— 4oo level— South drift Fortuna advanced
12 feet, showing 6 inches of low grade quartz.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
BK6UUB MOHNTSO SESSION. COMKISCrSS 9 :30.
100 Ande5.... 32 100 conii ...1.75i100 0vrmn... .18
750 Belcher. ..83 !00 1.70J2U0 19
200 34 500 C N V 05 JO.; Potosi. 97
100 B * 8.. 1.10 300 U <fcC 67 3OU Savae 61
at»O 8u11i0n.. ..08 .i6O 5h 50 Seg 8e1. ..13
100 09 100 H&N...1.6U500 S Aev. ...47
500 8u1wer.... 40 200 Kentck....Ot> 100 Uni0n.... 38
600 Cha11ge...64 3OJ Jixcn 67100 39
220 Chllr. . ..2.30 JOO Mono 21 10J Ulan 09
2mO CC&V...1.85 :*000ccidt1....66 250 i Jacl£t_.42
100 1.80 2'H) Ophir... 1.001900 41
800 Con 1m. ...03 1
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30L
100 Ande5.... 32:100 Ch0ir.. .2.20-460 Ophlr 98
850 81cher.... 30|500 CC*V...1. 86 50t> Potosi 92
100 B* 8.. 1.05 100 Conn.... 1.55 250 Say 66
200 Bullion... OSfiOO C P0int.. .30 100 Seg B 12
400 8u1wer. ..45 100 G&C 53 lUO Uniou 89
200 CballUK...6o 600 M*N...1.45 30J Y J»Oit#t,..3B
50 58 300 Kentuck..O6 100 38
100 69140J Mcx 67
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
BKSCLAB 8KS8I0V— 10:30.
600 A1pha.. ..08 ISO CCV.I.B2IA!2OOMono 22
300 Alta J. 2 200 C0nf1....1.70jtn)0 2S
200 A titles.... 32 300 1.65*00 2*
200 Blcbr 31200 1 lfo< 1000 Occd 66
1000 32 4000 C Imp ..OMOO 66
1000 34 500 C N Y....06J500 Ophlr 99
45u tAB.I.O74HH)U Point 33 400 1.00
100 Bodie 7U600 34 400 Overman. 17
600 74600 3W300 18
liiOO Bullion.. lo 400 Eichqr....(JsllOO 19
100 8u1wer.. .42 300 G&C... 55J600 P0t05i.. ..97
800 46 400 861400 Save BO
300 4ti 400 67 800 Scorplon-07
300Caled 14 -'00 HAN. ..1.5. 600 584 M....12
200 Challge...6l 200 >1.62y s 3OO n.\v 46
200 6*4 200 1.5 a 2000 S Hi 11. ...02
1200 68 SOO Julia OW3OO Union 37
500 64 400 Justice... o7 200 38
400 65 1500 Kentck..Ob JOO 40
900 6b 600 L Wash.. .o4 iOO Utah 08
4UO 675H) Mcx 57 2W» V Jc*1.....;2
300 68 400 6b 400 41
260 Cholr2.27V* 100 Mono 21 1600 40
AFTERNOOJT SESSION— 2:30.
400 Alpha 08(2000 0 1mp.. .03 300 Occd 64
400 Alta 13U00 ConN V...05 40J 0ph1r. .—.99
V-OOAndes 31 300 C P0int. ...32 200 0vrmn....18
600 8e1cn«r....31 2jO 31300 Poioai 96
400 SIIjOO fcxcnqr.. .05 200 93
100 Eodle 74|400 G <fc C.. . 54 300 Say 68
300 8ui wer.... 461300 H&M.47 V-i *00 Scorplon..o7
200 Caleda- ..141.00 1.46600 58& M.....12
900 Cha1ug... 61200 Julia. 07 300 S Xv 46
800 6<j|6oo Justice... o7,Boo a Hi 1 1—..02
300 59|800 Kentuck..o6l3oo Uulon C...J9
30.J Cb01r2.17V 2 iJOO L Waah... 03200 Utah 08
250 CCV.I.B2y a I3UO Mxcn StJoUU 1 JaoKW..39
100 C0nn.... 1.55 200 Mono 23'e00 38
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 2-4 F. K.
BHLAtked.] BicLAs/ced.
AlnnnOon- ... 07 08 Jackson 25 —
Alta. 12 13'jQlIa 06 08
Andes. 31 82iJustlce. 05 07
Belcher 29 30 Keiuuck 05 06
Best A Belcher 1.05 1.10 Lad Wash.... — '04
Benton C0n.... — 20 Mexican 66 67
Bodie 11 74 Mono 23 26
Bullion. .08 09 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer. 44 45 Occidental..... 65 56
Caledonia, 13 14 Ophlr. .97 98
Chollar 2.15 2.20 : Overman- 15 17
Con.CalAVa...l.Bo 1.86 Potosi 93 94
Challenge Con. 60 61 Savage... 55 66
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Scorpion 07 —
Confidence.... 1.65 I.6ojSeg. Belcher... 11 12
Con New York — 05 Syndicate ..... — 04
Crown Point... 29 30 silver Hi 11.... 02 03
East Sierra Nev — 1)4 sierra Nevada. 45 46
Eureka Con... 25 — Union Con 38 40
Exchequer 04 05 Utah 07 08
Gould & curry. 53 64 Yellow JacKtt. 37 39
Uaie<SlNorcrs.l.4o 1.45
GOLD MINING KXOHANOB.
Cl'-implon ;400 Lock wood Con. 29
Bid 20 00 Asked Princess 70
Asked 30 001 Providence...
Edna Asked 80 00
Asked 35 100 Savannah 47
Granu 500 Sebaaiopol 30
Bid 25 fhorpd
Asked 36, Asked 86
Keystone 200 Chollar 2 20
Bid 65 00 JOO Con Virginia... 185
Kennedy 50 confidence 160
Bid 7 50200 Gould A Curry. 66
Asked 1000200 Savage _ 60
500 Lock-wood Con.. 28
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 2—2 *>. M.
UNITED BTATKS BONOS.
Bid. Atked. Bid. AtkeA.
UK coup.. 105 y — US res... — 107%
Do new Issue 11 4 —
■UISc«.LI.ANKOtT*« ROy-H
Ca!-stCbl«ss. — 111 PacßollMSl — _
Cat Elec L 63 117 — Do 2d Is 65... — _
CntraCWS* — 94 I'«fe()Hy6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-CD Bo 97%P«SChRy6s. — 107%
EdsnL4PßsU7 - Pwl-st RRBi. — —
FACHKK6S. — 103 Reno, WI&L — 105
Geary-stRSs. — 107% fc-acto PA L. — 102%
LosAn*L6s. — 100 jSKANPRSs. 95 97%
DoUmeed6s — 95 SPRRAriztJs — 99
Mkt-stCbleasll6 120 SPRRCaI6s. — 110%
DoßyConss..lol 102 BPRBCaI6s. — —
NatVin6slst 96 — SPBrRCal6s. - 99v4.
NevCNgß7s. 84 — SVWater6s..lls% —
N P 0 RR6s. 100 - , SVWater4s.. 96% —
NRv Cal 6s. — 100 StktnG&E6» — 100
NRy Cal 6s. — 100 Kun3iTAT6s. — —
Oak Gas 55. .102 — Sutter-stRSi 106 —
l;o2d is 65..10 iy alO5a 105 VlsaUaWCtii — —
Ouinlbiw on. 116y4117%
VATtK STOCKt
Contra. Costa — 40 1 San Jose.. _
MarmCo.... 50 53 |Sprng Vallajr 95>A —
A ISTOCKS.
Capital 17% 30 Pacific Llorht — 49yi
Central.. 95 — San Francsco 89% 90
OakGLAtt 61V4 61% biocktoa..... — xo
Pac Qaslmp. 82 V4 83
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's 166 |Bun .......... 25 60
COMKKBGIAX. BANK STOCRI.
AtoerBATC — — |LondonP&A. 123% —
Anglo-Ca1.... — 58 LondonAslf*. — 27y a
BankofCal.. — 234 Merch Ex... 13 —
Cal SD&rcolo7y a llo Nevada — —
t'lmlNaiioni. — lbO jsaiher ii Co, — —
BAVIN'M BANK STOCKS.
OerS«LCo.l2so 1300 ISavALoan.. — 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security _ 275
Mutual — 48 Union Trust. 7 so —
bisuv Union — 480
STRKKT B*ll,Hfnn«Tn"n
California.... 105 — [Oak SLA Hay — 100
Geary-st. — SO IPresldlo..... 6 —
Mariiet-au,.. 4l^' 8 42> / 4 s :Sutter-5t...«. — —
lOWtiKlt STOCKS.
Atlantic 0... 15 — iGlantCon.... 1684 —
Eastern D... 70 — Jndson i>.... — —
California.... 70 — Ivigoriu — 1
MJSCEX.I.AXXOUS STOCKS.
AJa«k» Pkrs. 90 92 NatVlnCo.. _ _
Blkl>CoalCo. — 10 Oceanic —SO
Cal Cot Mills — .---—• FacAtuPA 1 —
Edison Lightlls 118y 3 PacßoraxCa 98 100
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
G er Lead Co. SO 100 Parf PalntCo 6Vi IVx
HawC&SUo.. 13% 14 Vi PacTr.nsCo. — 2*
notch S POo 18 18% Pac Co. 70 80
MerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 —
a; Elec Light — 414 United C 00. — 26
. • ■ bAI.BB-ll(]».M Vi 3t.s-lIJ-f
Board— / "
30 Hawaiian Commercial. 14 BO
50 Hutchinson S PC6.. 18 75
60 ••' do ■■- do 1860
10 Market-nt Railway «i 62W
35 do do 4150
50 Oakland Gas .; ..-. 61 25
•10 s X Gaslism .......... ............. 89 50
S2OOOS V 6% 80nd5.... 116 60
HAI.IfIJ— ATTERNOOX SMSIO-f. ,
■ • Board— - ' ■
50 Oakland Gas 61 50
10 do ;do 51 S7Vj
' Street— "
25 Hntchlnaon 3 P C 0........ 18 87%
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Richard E. Scheu to Phllippena Scheu, lot on E
line of Polk street, 50 N of Pine, N 26 oy E 62:6:
also lot on E line of Poik street, 137:6 S of Cali
fornia, S 41;4 1 ; by E 79:6: also lot on N line of Mc-
Allister street. 215 X of Larkln, X 30 by N 127 :6:
also lot on N line of McAllister street, 19? :6 E of
Larkin. E 17:6 by N 137:6 (Browns alley): #10.
- Annie C. and H.C. Biggs to Will am H. Birch,
lot on (NE corner of Butter and Pierce streets, BE
27:6 by N 100: $10.
Henry A. Smith (by S. C. Bigelov and A. A.
Smith, trustees) to Savings and Loan Society, lot
on SW corner of Jackson and locust streets, W
137:6 by --> 127:514; also lot on N line of Green
street, 214:10 E of Octovla. W 26:10, N 137:8, E
26:11, S; 138: also lot on UW corner of Clement
street and First avenue, W 107:6 by S 75:
$10,000.
Catherine G. Welch to Charles L. Welch, lot on
W line of Parker avenue, 113 N of Fulton street,
N 25, W 100, S to S line of land of first property,
N 8 2 deg. 30 rain., E to beginning; $10.
Frank R. Bailey to Mary A. Bailey, lot on S line
of Geary street, 61 :8 E of First avenue, E 29:2 by
S100; gift.
Jane T. and John T. Dowllng to Esther J. White,
lot on S line of Kisling street, 80 NE of Twelfth:
NE 23 by SE 80: cifi.
- Ann King to William H. Tilson, lot on S line of
Fifteenth -street, 160 Wo! Castro, W 25 by a
103:4%; $10. < - •
George- E. M. and ■ Charles William Corthay to
Henry M. Corthay, lot on NE corner of Washing
ton street and >touts alley, 207:3 X of Stockton
street, B :-!5 by N 76, quitclaim deed: $1-
Emma Bank (by i. E. Ryan, commissioner) to
J. M bemein. lot on X line of Hyde street, 87:6 N
of Turk. NTN T 25 by E 87:6: $7000.
Salomon ;ind Kmma Ducus to Jacob Brown
stoiir, lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue.
199:7 N of P street, 8 99:7. W 120, N 100, E to
beginning; $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Th. F. William and Nathalia H. Kleemann to
Aathur P. Hollan d, lot on E line of Telegraph
avenue, 21:0 N cf Hawthorne, N 90 by E 260,
being lots 10 and ii and portion of lots 9 and 43,
Buena Vista Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Wells, Fargo Jc Co. to B. C. Fabrlqne, lot on N
line of Knox avenue, 664.96 W oi Teleeraph ave
nue. N 112.36. W 40.19, S 110.97, X 40.38 to be
ginning, being lot 34. Knox Park Oakland; $10.
H. C. nnd Elizabeth G. Fabrique to J. M.. Bart
lett. lot on ■ line of Knox avenue, 700.26 W of
Tilegrapn avenue, W 5.08, N 110.97. E 6.02, S
111.41 to beginning, being the W 5 feet of lot 34,
same. Oalilan I; $10.
Weils, Fargo * Co. to same, let on N line o- 1
Knnx avenue. 705.34 W of Telegraph avenue, W
30 51 N 108. 34. E 30.14, S 110.97 to becinninar,
being the E :S0 feet of lot 33, same, Oakland; $10-
LettieW. and Arthur P. Holland to T. V. W:
Kieemann. lot on S corner of Thirteenth avenue
and Kast Fourteenth street. SW 100, SE 75, NX
120, NWBO to beginning, block B, cljnton, sub
feet to mo tgage, East Oakland; $10.
William H. F. and Jotiunna C. Barbe to Berth;!
Boscn.au. lot 20, Peraka-avenue Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
A. P. Brylen to Maggie D. Bryden, lot 12, block
79, Town of Alvarado, Washington Township; 15.
Johu J. and E-sie C. O'Kourkc to Adolphe Cail •
leau.l, iots 9 and 12. block 3, Beaudry and Pela
d. au property, Oakland Township: $10.
B. Toulouse to Otto F. Llndow, lot 11, block 25,
same, Oakland Township; $10.
Rebecca Quackenbusti to Mary M. Milier, lot on
N line of Laurel street, 220 E of San Pab o ave
nue, E 50 by N 100, lot 27, block M, Kelsey Tract,
Oakland; gift.
2t. A. and T. A. Jacobson to John G. and Mary
G. Anderson, lot on SW corner of Delaware and
Fonrih streets, W 48 by S 100. lot 6, tract B.
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Associa
tion, subject to a mortgage for $800, Berkeley;
$10.
Walter C. and Alma J. Beatie to Theresa A.
ShrlDer, lots 3 and 4, Bromley Tract, being a re
subdivision of lots 1, 2, 3, 26. 27 and 28, J. Levi
Sr. Tract, Brooklyn Township; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
Cooper Medical College with Peacock <k Butcher,
alterations and additions for a four-story brick and
stone building, on SE corner of Clay and Webster
streets, $4640; Wright & Saunders, architects.
In the Chinese empire, old, incurably
diseased and hopslessly depraved persons
are frequently buried alive to rid the
community of the burden and responsi
bility of their care-taking. This arrange
ment is the result of a mutual understand
ing, the victims assenting to and at times
assisting iv the preliminary ceremonies.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Skptkmbkr, 1896.
Su. Mo.JTu. | W. Th. Fr.jSa. I Moon's Theses I
1 2 3 4 5 \*&k New Moon. |
jW Sept. 7.
I 8 7 8 9 10 11 12 /-^jFirs: Quarter) !
: Viz Sept. 13.
I 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 © Full Moon.
I Sept. 21.
20 21 22 23 24 25 26 — I
j /7*\l.ast Quarter. |
I • sept. 29.
I 27 28 29 30 I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco
BTEAMKB | DESTINATION. [ BAIL 3; j PIER.
Kio Janeiro. China Japan Sept 3, SpjiIPJiSS
Araso Coos Bay Sept 4.10 am i-ier IS
Jarallon.... Yoquina Bay. | Sept 4, 9am Pier 2
Coos 8ay....; Newport tSept 4. Sam Pier 11
Weeott Kel iuver Sept 4. 6p»i Pier IS
Columbia... | Portland Sept 5.10 am Her-'*
Sonol ....... Grays Harbor. Sept 5.12 M Pier 2
Arcata | Oregon ports .. Sept 5,10 am : Pie' 24
Pomona HumbOldtßay Sept 6, Vru Pier*
Walla Walla | Vie 4 Pgt ana Sept 6. 9am Pier 9
Coroua j San Dlexo Sept B.llaji i Pier II
ABlanchard Oregon ports.. Sept 7. spm Pier 13
Trucicee coos Bay Sept. 8, Ip»i!pierß
Colon | Panama Sept 8,12 m P M S 8
Knreka Newport Sept 8. Dam > Pier
StaieoiCal. ! Portland SeptlU.lUAM ! Pier 24
banta Rosa. San Diego. . SeptlO. Ham i Pier 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
|
From
!
Due
Navarro Crescent City Sent ii
Weeott Eel River Sept I.
Corona san Diego Scot 4
Aliceßlanchard Oregon ports seDt i
Peter Jebaen... Nanaimo ;.. Sept 4
Pomona H bold Bay. "sept 6
North F0rt..... Hutuboldt Bay "seoo 6
Eureka... Newport ". Sept c
Sanßenlto. |Tacoma .Seat t:
Trnckee.. ;..... Coos 8ay...... . S eDt 6
Suite of ] Portland Kept 7
Ufuatilla...' I Victoria & Puget Sound ..Sept 7
Crescent City... Crescent City ..; ..dept 7
Newport Panama Sept 8
Santa Kosa San Dieeo _ Sept «
Ara«o Coos Bay .. Se p C 9
Coos Bay Newport sept 10
City of Pelting. China and Japan Sept 10
l-arallon I Yaquina Bay Sept 11
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
TJ. R. Coast ajtd Geodetic BubvktTibk*i
Bin lktix Published by Official V
AITHOBITY OF THE SUPKE!\TE > DKS T. J
Thursd;n\ September 3.
Sun rises 5.42: Moon rises 0.51 am
Sunsets d.36|Moon sets
September— 1990.
% Ii!Bf Feet 111^1 Feet Zi^i Feet Tlmi ' Feet
* 1. w h w L ■ w hi \v
"3 12. 2 4 OTI St. 59
4 a.12 —0.1 10.27
6 3.54 —0.2 10 55
6 4.52 —0.1 1 11.20
7 5.11 0.1 11.47
8 6.55 0.5 1-2.18
■HW L w
9 0.30 5.6 6.36
4.4 2.00| i
4.7 3.00
6.3 351
6.4 4.40
5.5 5.2«
6.7 6.16
H \V
1.0 12.46
5.6 KUOi 6?f
3. U } 9.00 6.9
■.'.ii 9.551 6.0
2.0! 10 481 6.0
1.5 11.40 1 5.8
1.0 I
L «■
5.7| 7.02| 0.7
Not*— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second tune
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions (o the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtract! ve
from the depth given by 'he rharn
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hyukoobaphic Office, TJ. S. N., ■)
MKRC -HANTS' K3i:HANIiK V
San Francisco, September 2. 1H96. J
The time ball ou Tele?rauh Hill was dropped ;
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon of the 120 th
mertdUn, or exactly at 8 p. v., Mreenwleh time.
A. F. Fkchtki.f.k.
Lientenan' U. S. N. tu charite.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, September 2.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. 74 hours from New
port; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Conwav, 70 hours from R<" ondo;
and way norts: produce, to Goodall, Perkins *. Co.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs, 19 hours from Usal:
300 M ft lumber, to Usal Lumber Co.
Stmr Arago, Reed, 45 hours from Coos Bay. via
Port Orford — hours; pass and mdse, to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna
Bay and way ports; pass and mdse, to Meyer &
Akmann.
Stmr Colon, MacKinnon, 21 y^ days fm Panama
and wav ports; pass and mdse, to P M S S Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 68 nours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse. to
Goodall. Perkins * Co.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins, 3 days from Portland via
Astoria. Coos Bay and Eureka; pass and mdse,
to O C i, N Co.
Ship Bohemia, Hosan, 64 days from Sydney
-2270 tons coal, to Henry Lund & Co.
Ship Eclipse. Peterson, HS days from Hakodate*
2400 tonssulohur. to American Tradins Co.
Schr Monterey, Beclc, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing. Ijß M ft lumber, to F Heywood.
Hchr James Spiers, McAilep. 10 day.« from Port
B'akeley: lumber, to R»nton, Ho-raes <fe Co,
Schr Spokane, Jamieson, BV a days from Port
Gamble: lumber ami laths, to Pope <fc Talbot.
Scr.r Oreana Vauce. i>art, 10 days from Port
Hadlock: umber, to w .1 Alums.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen, 13 days from
Tacoma; lumber, to Dickens Lumber » o Oak
land direct.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, 24 hours from Walsh
landing: 75 eds wood, to A W Beadle A Co
scbr La Ninfa. Dollard. 27 days from Behrlne
Sea: 50 000 codfish, to Pacific Marine suop.v Co
schr Marie E Smith, Rosendall, 10 days from
Tacoma; lumber, to Hanson & Co.
Schr Del None, Brown, 72 hours from Rogue
River; salmon, etc, to R D Hume & Co. "°s uo
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY, September 2.
Stmr Empire, Anderson. Astoria; NP s SCo
stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodau, Permna
Ep P lnger P * F Co! CocaruJle - Q^enstown;
Hailed.
WEDNESDAY. September 2.
Stmr Banta Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
orders! tmr stralh sarr.. , White, St Vincent for
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett. Ventura.
htmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld. Tacoma.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
™Nt Empire, Anderson, Portland.
btmr Del None, otocklleth, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicholson.
Br ship Durham. Don-, West HartlepooL
Brig Galilee, Dinsmore. Tahiti.
tschr Mary c, Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Volant, Erratt, Pigeon Point In tow or tag
Alert.
Tele graphic.
POINT LOBOS, Sept. 2—lo T. M.— Weather
hazy: wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
Charters.
The bktn Willie R Hume loads lumber on the
Sound for Sharuhai; Kr bark Sussex, wheat at
Portland for Europe, 32s 6d — Is 3d less direct
prior to arrival.
The Br ship Eaitcroft is chartered for wheat to
Un ted Kingdom. _'8s 9d.
The Br sbip Glendoon was chartered prior to
arrival for wlieat, flour or mdse to Enrope, 30s 6d
—August loading.
The Br ship William Tel! is chartered for wheat,
flour or md-ie to Liverpool, 26s 3d.
."poked.
Aug 26 about 800 miles west of •'an Francisco
Br bark Lota from Antwerp for Port Townsend.
157 days out. Ail well.
Aub 23— Lat 15 50 N, long 60 30 W, ship Aryan,
hence May i' 9, for New York.
Domestic Ports.
PORT BLAKKLEY — Arrived Sept 2— Schr Ex
celsior, from Sauta Barbara.
>ai;ed Sept 2— Schr Emma Utter, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Tlllamook
henco Aut; 31.
Sall«d Sept 2— Schr Western Home.
ROCKPORT— Arrived sept 2— btinr Caspar, hce
Sept 1.
CLEON'E— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Greenwood, for
San Francisco.
FISH ROCK— Sailed Sept 2— Schr Albion, for
Sau Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Aug 2— stmr Point Arena
for *san Francisco.
ASTORIA- Arrived Sept 2.— Br ship Riversdale,
fro-ii Singapore; Hr oar<i Cupic?. from Aigoa Bay-
BrshipCiul Stream from l-'ort Los Angeles; stmr
State of California, hence auk 31.
Sailed Sept 2— Br shu> Troop.
I'OINT ARENA— Sailed Sept 2— Schr Bender
Bjotbers, for San Francisco.
P. )RT HADLOCK- Arrived Sept 2-Bktn J 11
Griffiths, from Honolulu.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Sent 2— Btmx Whites
boro. hence Sept 1.
BOWENS LANDINO-Sailed Sept I— Schr Mon
terey, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 2— Ship Samaria, henca
Aug 15.
Foreign Ports.
NEWCASTLE, NSW-Sailed Sept 2— Br shin
Lanrelbank, for san r'ranclsco.
RIO DE JANEIRO-Salled Aug 23-Br shin
Columba, for Oresjon. H
ACaPULCO— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Newport, for
San Francisco.
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed Sept l-Shin Co.
lambia. for San Francisco.
SHANGUAI-Sailea Sept 2-Ship BPChenev
for Port Angeles. *'
GDAYAQUIL-Arrlved Ang 9-Gershlp Khor
asan, from Tacoma.
PENARTH-sailed Aug 16 -Br ship Sierra Yen.
tana, for San Diego.
HI'LL-Amved Sept 1-Br ship Soudan, from
X iicom fl
FA LM OUT H- Arrived Sept 1-Br ship Ellea
mere, hence May 4. r
Balled .s.pt I— Br ship Ardnamurcoan
LIVERPOOL- An ived Aug JO-Norbark Prince
Regent, from Vancouver.
bailed Aug 31-Brship Annie Thomas, for San
sYDNEY-SaUed Aug 31-Stmr Marlposa, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept I—Br stmr W arrlraoo, from Van
couver.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 2-Strar Teutonic
from Liverpool; stunr Havel, from Bremen; stmr
Aachen, from Bremen.
Sailed Sept H— Stmr St Louis, for Southampton*
itmr Germanic, for Liverpool; stmr Nordlaud, f or
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Sept 2-Stmr
Spree: stmr Pans.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Sept 2—StmrMaas
cam.
GLASGOW— Arrived ont Sept 2— Stmr State of
Nebraska.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out Sept 2-Stmr
"Thtncvalla.
ROTTERDAM— saiIed Sept 2— Stmr Obdam, fm
Rotterdam, for New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Aug 30— Stmr Patria, for
New York.
Importations.
PORTLAND— Ter Arcata— 32o tons coal, 200
pcs timber, 1 bx hsh, 2 bxs peari.
COOSBAY-Per Arago— j2 sks bark. Bbxsseed,
18 cs md.«e, 15 oxs haardware,. 16 cs cheese, 1 bbl
butter, 2 bdls pelts, ti pkijs express, 2 sks coin. 600
tons coal, 11 M ft lumber.
Port Orford— 73 nead cattle. 246 head sheep, 16
sks wool, 10 bxs butter, 1 pkg express.
YAQUIXA BAY-Per Parallon— l3o bis flour.
1567 sks wheat. 1834 qr-sks flour, 506 bf-sks
flour, 326 sks oats, 580 xks bark, 1 coil rope. 30 cs
mds°, 8 coops chickens. 23 bdls hides, 1 bx meat,
20 cs eggs. 3 iron roils, 2H rolls leather. *J cs Dak
ing powder. 1 cs hardware, 2 cs shoes, 55 sks
bones. 1 bbl beer, 20 bdn moss, 1 bbl whisky.
Port Orford — 1 bx butter, Isk bark, Ics redse.
Arch Rock— 3s bis wool, 49 kegs bu.ter. is bills
hides. 1 sk mdse.
Eureka— ll cs mdse, Ics dry goods. 3 bdls hides,
1 keg butter.
SANTA ROSA ISLAND— Per Bonlta-1068
sheep, *J3 goats.
I.ornpr c Landing— 37 pkgs mdse, 4 bis seaweed,
330 sks barley, 342 sks must&rd.
I.os Alamos— 6s hogs.
*snn Luis Obispo— lsoo sks barley.
Nlpomii— 24s sks barley, I^6 sks oats.
i^anta Maria— 2^7 sks oats.
Los Olivos— 4lß sks wheat.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay— lßso sks barley, 5
cs garden seed. 176 sics dry apricots, 18 sks pea
nuts, 1 es dry goods.
Sau Fed ro - 370 sks corn.
Hueneme— 2 oil tanks.
East San Pedro— B Ddls reels.
Ventura— soo sks 11 a a heans. 1 bx hardware, *,
sks dry aprlcos, 2 ceons fowl, 1 keg olives.
?>ant!i Barbara— l bale sponges, 1 cs olive oil, 10
sks crawfish.
Gaviota— 34 sks wool. 1 bdl pelts, 5 sks dry fish,
23 sics crawfish.
Port Harford— 6 cs eggs . 1 coop chick %■ bx
butter. 6 dressed calves. 11 bxs fish.
Cayucos— 2 oil tanks, 7 bdls hides, 3cs eggs, 3%
bxs butter. 6 coops chickens, 12 dressed calves.
San Simeon— 7 bxs butter, 1 bx oil, 4 flasks
quicksilver. 1 coop chickens, 'i cs eggs, 1 deer, 3
bales seaweed, 3 dressed calves.
VICTORIA— Per Walla Walla— 22 hides and
pelts. 1 cs mdse. 1 pkg express. 1 sk coin.
Kllchikan — 100 bbls salmon.
Juneau—lcs fur seal, 3 cs mdse, 2 bars bullion.
Sitka— 2 bearskins. 3 oxs stuffed birds.
Port Townsend— 24oo sks shorts. 14 cs mdse. 10
cs mineral water, 185 bales hops, 1400 bars bul
lion, 'i bdls hid- s.
Seattle— lo pkgs express, 2 sks coin, 169 tons
coal. 40 cs mdse. 807 pkgs hides and pelts. 3 pkgs
junk, 48 hxs fish, 70 sks bones. 300 cs salmon, 3
cs shoes. 40 bbls pork. 3 pkgs skins, 33 bags hair.
2 sks tails.
Tacoma west of Farzo— l cs dry goods, 1500 hf
sks 100 qr-sks flour, 371 sks oats, 495 sks bran
430 sks snors. '
Tacoma east of Fargo— 7 cs braces.
Everett— -J8 bxs nails, 3cs mdse, 2100 bars bul»
lion, 294 pkgs paper.
Anacort«3— 2soo bbls lime.
New Whatcom— 237 ps stone, 568 sks oats, 49 ci
mdse, 100 pugs shingles, 2 pkgs express. 1 st
coin.
Semiahmoo— 96l3 cs salmon. ■ .
East via Vancouver— B9 cs tobacco, 12 cs cigar*
ettes. Ics umbrellas, 188 cs boots ani shoes, 1 cs
underwear, 19 cs dry goods. 10 cs hosiery, 19 bxs
medicine, 407 C 3 condensed milk, 180 bbls lin
seed oil. 1 bxd piano, 10 cs mdse. 8 bdls paper 3
cs blacking, 120 bbls raw linseed oil, 95 bbls bot
tled beer, 6 bxs beer.
Foreign via Vancouver— s pKgs mdse, 125 ca
cs 20 pkgs cheese, 2 cs music ware.
Consignees.
Per Bonita— Standard Oil Co: Cal Bottling Co: H
L3vy; Brown Bros & Co; H Dutard; Roth, Blum <&
Co; Hnsheimer Bros.
Per Arcata— .l D Spreckels <fc Bros Co; F A Buell
& Co; American Union Fish Co; Garcia* Magglnl.
Per Coos Bay— H Dutard;. E J Bowen; W O
Price & Co; Frederick son <fc Jacobsen; Newmarlc
A- Edwards; Standard Oil Co; Pacific Metal Works:
Hills Bros: Bricham, Hoppo & to; Porter Bros &
Co; Cleveland Faucet Co; Wet more Bros; Wood,
Curtis & Co; L Scatena& Co: 1) E Allison & Co;
CCarpy&C'O: F Cavagnero; Bennett Butter Co;
■~ Anderiey; James Jlesary A Co; A Paladin! <&
Co; American Union Fish Co: Milan! <fc Co: (i
Cami!lO:ii it Co; Christy <fe Wise: M S siruas;
Muss. >atiders <fc Co; Marshall* & R; II Klrchman
& Co; Witzel & Baker: Krlaneer <fe Galinger;
Wheaton, Breon <fc to; Wetsern Meat Co: Pacific
Coast Fi*h Co: J B Insuglia; California Bottling
Co; Hermon Wa'.deck: W B Sumner & Co; D da
Bernard! & Co; <_.etz Bros & Co; OB Smith & Co;
LI) Stone & Co: Dairyman's Union; Hooker &
Co; Hllmer, Bredhoff & Schulz; Langley <&
Michaels: H Hoffman & Co. .
Per Farallon— H Dutard: C J Leist A Co: J P
Thomas; Allen & Lewis: P Averey: J Everding
<& Co: W C Price <s co: Charles Jacobsen * Co;
Well man, Peck A Co; Lievere, Frick & Co; C H
Clarse: E X Stevens & Co: C H Pearse; Joseph,
Wagner Manufacturing Co; Brown A Adams:
Norton 'I anniog Co: J Greenberg; Tlllman &
Bendel: Baker & ami ton : HII Saltier & Co: A
L Bryan Shoe Co: i. A Clark; > Ohlandt: Trum
bull & Beebe; Cahn. Nickelsburg & Co: F Che
valier & Co: s H Frank <fc Co; Fredricksburg Bot
tling Company: Leonard Kills; F B Uaighl: T
Ricnardson; A H Crook; William Cluff A Co: P O
11 Supply. Association; Levi, Mrauss & Co; WJF
Anderson: Arctic oil Works: N P sjoiand.
Per Arago— J Scboenfeld : Hulme Hart, Dodge,
Swteney<tCo: FBllaight; Wells, Fargo & Co;
C E Worden <fc Co; jrcDonoueh; R Farnsworlh &
Co; R c Allen; Pacific Transfer Co;. D O A H Co;
Marshall Relmers: II de Bernard i &Co; Mor
gan it; Chick; Standard Oil Co; Htlmer, Bredhofl
«£ schnlz; W B Sumuer & Co; Marshall. Taggart
& Co: Wells, Fargo & Co; E B Dean & 10.
Per Walla W»lla— George' Morrow; G. Sangui
nettl: Horst, Lacbraan & Co; James Trockey;
Ross & Co; Sunset Tel and T Co; Sideman. Lach
man & Co; Selby Smelting and Lead Co: Simmer
Tanning Co; M L Pitcher; C i' Adams <fc Co; «
\V Howard: J C Thomas: Moore, Ferguson & Co;
N D M A; H \V Higglns & Co: Russell-Miller
Milling Co; E L Everett* Co; Miller, sloss &
Scott: Baker & Hamilton; Dunham, Carrlgan <&
Hayden; Revere Rubber Co: « & H Salllnger: W
G Richardson: H T Holmes Lime Co: N Ciark &
Son: G O Mailer; CE Warden & Co; American
Press Associa Ion; Schweitzer & Co; Beiiingham
Bay Improvement Co; Wells, i argo Co; Alaska
Packers' Association; the American Tobacco
Co; J B Duggan; Buckingham, Hecht &
Co: Murphy, Grant & C; W C Stratton:
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Co; Kittle & Co; Lang
ley £ Michaels; Benjamin Curtaz; Williams,
Marvin A Co; Cahn, .Nic&elsburg & C •: Sherwood
& Sherwood: T D Adams; Schieeel A Bunker;
Koliler it Chase; American Union Fish Co; B
Lichtig; ■ Burnstein Bros; Brown Bros & Co:
Camaioni A Co; Chas Harle- it Co; O W Bunk;
Occidental Hotel; Duff A Co; fc E George shoe
Co; F Cavaenaro: Gets Bros; Herman, Waldeck:
& Co: Hoffman, Rothschild & Co: J F Schoens
leln: J A Armuace; J E Grace; J L Lachman;
Kulin Bros: Klein & Co; Lev! Strauss & Co; Order,
Milanl &. Co; Michalitschke Bros: Newbauer,
Reiss & Co; J X Arms by & Co; Pacific Bone C <&
Co; A Weister Co; Sachs Bros A Co; The U
Colin Co; W G Hinton & Co; W T Genln; W B
Sumner A Co: W R White: J P Dyre; Eagle
Paper Co; Oregon Improvement Co; Rii Com
pressed Air M Co; Albert Clements & Son; J
Gimmell; H Llebes; J C Gibson; TO Bell; Lon
don, Pans & A Bank; Weatoa, Breon & Co. . .-Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
HER BUGGY RIDE
ENDED IN DEATH,
While Driving With a
Friend a Young Widow
Takes Poison.
NO REASON FOR SUICIDE
When William Mackie Watered
the Horse Mrs. Prussia
Emptied the Vial.
UNCONSCIOUS A WHOLE DAY.
"I've Taken Laudanum, Here's My
Purse," She Said, and No Other
Explanatioa.
Oakland Office Sas Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 2. )
Mrs. Norrca E. Prussia died this after
noon at the home of her mother from the
effect of opium poisoning. The circum
stances preceding her death aie so unus
ual that there is considerable mystery re
garding the reason and cause of her sui
cide.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Prussia, who
is a widow residing at 1904 Webster street,
■was over in Alameda driving with Wil
liam Mackie, a real estate man of JEncinal.
Mackie stopped at a saloon and watered
the horse as well as took a drink himself.
When he returned to the bugey he says
Mrs. Prussia said tohim : "I've taken laud
anum. Here is my purse a«id watch."
Mackie saw plainly that she had taken
something, and he at once drove to Dr.
irnith in Alameda. By that time the
woman was unconscious and Dr. Smith
called in Dr. Akers. There was no doubt
that the woman was poisoned and the
doctors treated her accordingly. They
worked over her all night but with no
apparent result and while still unconscious
she was brought to the home of her
mother, where she died this afternoon at
4 o'clock without regaining her conscious
ness.
About an hour before her death Mrs.
Bishop, the mother of Mrs. Prussia, said
her daughter was sufferinc from a fainting
fit, to which she was subject.
"She has been a sufferer from these for
years," she said, "and was brought home
this morning in an unconscious condition.
I do not know what brought it on, or any
thing more than that I was awakened at 2
o'clock this morning with the news.
"The report that she poisoned herself
has no foundation so far as 1 know. W r e
have made a thorough examination, and
have been unable to iind any bottle or
paper that could have contained poison.
No one saw her take any poison or sny
tbine that would cause her to be in such a
condition. None of us have any idea how
she came to be out with the sen'tleman, or
where they were when it happened.
Mrs. Prussia was a well-known music
teacher of this city, being tne daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Edzar Bishop of 1165
Bru>h street. She lost her husband about
three years ago, and has had the two
children to care for since. She has had
very poor health. At one time it was
feared that siie too would be taken off
with consumption, like her husband, but
she has been better of late.
Dr. Adams, who attended her after she
was brought home, says: I< l was called in
this morning about 9 o'clock, and found
Mrs. Prussia in an insensible condition.
I made efforts to revive her with oxygen
gas, but to no avail, as she died about 4
o'clock this aiternoon without having
gained consciousness. It would be hard
to sey what the cause ot death really was,
but it Will be fully developed at the in
quest, which will be held to-morrow.
"I found no indication whatever that the
lady had been injured in any manner. I
have attended her for some time. She has
a eon and daughter about 10 and 12 years
of age respectively. Mr. and Mrs. Prussia
formerly resided in Stockton and when he
was taken seriously ill he went to Pasa
dena, where he died about three veari
ago." , *
Coroner Baldwin is satisfied that the
case is one of opium-poisoning. "I have
inquired very lully into thi3 case," he said
to-night, "and i am satisfied that death is
the result of her taking laudanum. All
the three doctors who attended her agree
in their diagnosis of the case, and there is
not enough suspicion in my mind to war
rant holding an autopsy.
"Mr. Mackie, with whom she was driv
ing, tells a very straight story, and I hava
no reason to doubt what he says. The
woman undoubtedly tooK a big dose of
poison.
"1 have learned that she did not enjoy
good health, and her father-in-law has in
formed me that she was of a very im
pulsive disposition, and he does not seem
to think it remarkable that she should
have taken poison.
"An inquest will be held to-morrow, and
I have no doubt that there will be testi
mony enough to satisfy everybody that it
is a simple case of suicide. Mackie was in
attendance npon the woman until she
died and seems to be greatly affected, but
if tbete was a love affair between them no
body seems to have heard of it. He is a
single man."
Mr 3. Appel, to whom Mackie drove Mrs.
Prussia after she had taken the fatal dose
of laudanum, said she knew neither of the
parties, but in course of conversation
acknowleged 6he had met Mr. Mackie
once. She was introduced to him, about
four months ago, by a gentleman whose
name she foreets, but Mackie only saw
her once when he wanted her to insure
her property and furniture in his office.
"Some one rang the hell about half- oast
10 last night and shouted, 'Mrs. Apoel!
Open the door quick !' "I opened the door,
and Mr. Mackie asked where my niece
was, that he wanted help, as he had a lady
friend in the buggy and 'she's dead.' I
got my niece out of bed, and they went
out and brought the woman in and laid
her on the hall floor. We saw that she
was pretty baa, and my niece said that a
doctor must be obtained. Mackie went
for Dr. Smith, and afterward I got fright
ened and went too. The doctor came, and
Mackie went to Oakland and brought the
woman's mother. They took her away
about 5 o'clock this morning."
Mrs. Appel is very much put out at the
occurrence. She says she cannot under
stand why Mackie, who is a straneer to
her, should drive so far out of his road to
bring the body of a strange woman into
her bouse. She is more than angry, as
hlie points out that be could have obtained
medical assistance ten minutes after the
occurrence.
MUST HAVE FUNDS.
Ladies' Kellef Society Will Have to
Close Their Home If Not 
Assisted.
OAKLAND, Cal , Sept. 2.— The Ladies'
Relief Society, which conducts the Chil
drens* and Old Ladies' homes at Temescal,
holds its monthly meeting to-morrow
(Thursday) afternoon, and the ladies will
have to face the question as to how they
are to continue the worx they are now
doing at an expense of from $900 to $1000
a month on an income of not over $SUO a
montn.
Tnis is the oldest charity in the city,
having been organized more than thirty
years aeo, anu has grown from a small
beginning until now they have three large
buildings, with twenty-seven old and in
firm ladies and ninety children, between
the ages of two weeks and 14 years, shel
tered at their home, for whom they must
provide food, clothes and warmth. *
They have been compelled by the lacK
of funds to close their doors and refuse ad
mittance to any more, although the de
mand continues lor places. For some
years the State assisted by sharing the ex
pense of keeping ud theOldLaOies' Home,
but at the last session of the Legislature
this was withdrawn. It amounted to
about $250 a month. Other sources of in
come were cut down nearly as much, thus
putting the management to their wits' end
to know what to do. Matters have grown
worse, and now somethine must be done
at once or the number cared for will have
to be reduced.
The ladies, therefore, are gome to be
compelled to make a plea to the public for
monthly subscriptions. They ask those
able to give freely, and those less able to
give as they can afford it. that the little
ones and the old may have proper care and
shelter during the coming winter weather.
VETERAN LEAGUE.
Raising; Funds to Furchase a Plat in
the Cemetery.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Sept. 2.— The Vet
erans' League of this place is making
great preparations for its entertainment,
to be given Saturday niuht to raise funds
with which to purchase a plat in the local
cemetery. There will be a farce entitled
"Home Life in Hay wards" by local talent,
those who will sustain characters being
William Lentz. W. Griffin, B. Ward and
Fred Burdridge and Miss R. Pann and
Mrs. Fordens. There will be specialties
by Hooson and Rose and several profes
sionals from San Francisco. It now prom
ises to be the event of the month.
FOOTE IS FOR TARPEY,
First Broken Front for Years
Among Alameda County
Democrats.
Warren EDglish Claims Victory and
the Fight Will Be to a Finish in
Vallejo Next Friday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 1. \
The Third Congressional Democratic
Convention will meet at Vallejo next Fri
day, and although enough of the party
have not yet been found ln this county to
hold a ratification meeting since the Chi
cago convention, it is presumed that with
the aid of proxies enough votes will be
mustered to nominate a congressman.
The convention will be composed of the
fame delegates that vrere elected to attend
the State convention.
Considerable interest is being shown in
the convention by the Populists, and they
will have their committee on band to
bring about fusion if the opportunity to
do so is presented. Although the Pop
ulists want Vann he has somewhat con
fused them by handing in his resignation
to State Chairman Wardell.
The fight will be between Warren Eng
lish and M. F. Tarpey, and although
every attempt is being made to preserve a
pleasant front there is much bitter feel
ing. As far as Alameda County is con
cerned the line will be drawn just as it was
at the last primary with one exception,
•nd that exception is the bigeest bomb
shell that has fallen into the D mocratic
camp for many moons.
W. W. Foote has announced that be is
the friend and supporter of Mr. Tarpey.
This is the first break in the solid front of
the Alameda stalwarts and it has brought
confusion into the camp and has upset all
calculations.
"I am for Mr. Tarpey," said W. W
h oote to-day, "as the result of a promise
made in Chicago."
When asked for his reason Mr. Foote
declined to go any deeper into the subject.
Whether Mr. Foote will carry the delega
tion to the man whom he "is pledged to
support, or whether he will confine him
self to his individual vote is not known.
R. M. Fitzgerald, who is the recognized
leader of the opposition to whatever W,
W. Foote champions, will not be at the
convention, as he will not return from the
East for several days, but as it is known
he is for Tarpey it is probable that his visit
has been timed so that be will not have to
attend a convention where he will have to
vote with Mr. Foote.
In speaking of the situation to-day War
ren B. English said : "I expect to be nomi
nated on the first ballot, and do not an
ticipate any amount of opposition. If the
Populists will fuse with us we would be
pleased. However, I think that matter
must be left with the State executive
committee-, for I am afraid we cannot
come to any definite conclusion in Vai-
Jejo, though of course we will try. If they
give us the indorsement I think there is
no question but that 1 will beat Hilborn
out by possibly 3000 majority. La?t time
we were up he defeated me by about 2500.
Vann received a vote of over 5000, so with
our combined strength we aie all right in
this district"
It is believed that Foote will place
Tarpey in nomination, and if this were to
be true there will be a very lively conven
tion.
HE WOULD TESTIFY.
Old Morris Defies His Attorneys and
Makes a Confession in
Court.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 2.- With his at
torney objecting, and the court explain
ing, old William Morris, the colored junk
man, went on the stand in the Police
Ccurt this afternoon and made a confes
sion concerning the Wolcott burglary, for
which he and H. Tumling were having
tbeir preliminary hearing.
Morris charged Tumling with being the
leader in the job, and that he himselfand
his son only helped to carry away the
cloth which was stolen from the house.
This was hidden in an old bake oven, near
Dy, and later it was recovered by the police.
•J&! rr vlBu lB and Tumlin g were both held in
$JOOO bonds to appear for trial in the Su
perior Court.
Anawered tha Summon*,
t,°^£ L^ ND> Cal - Sept - 2.-Mrs. Jane
tfankhend, a well-known resident of this
city for the past thirty years, died last
night after an illness ot only three days.
Sue was past 72 years of age. and leaves a
family of grown children. There are three
daughters— Mrs. S. J. Hill, Mrs. H J
Bell and Mrs. F. H. Mason-and five
w n9 <T Hue , b i: aye » Malcom . J - W. and
W. S. Bankhead.
Street Work.
OAKLAND Cal., Sept. 2. -The Board
of Pubac Works received only one bid for
sweeping the streets, that of L.Hewlett
the present contractor, who offered to do
the work for |3 39 a mile, which is 30
cents lens than the present price. The
bid was laid over for a ween to see what it
can be done for by hand, thus giving em
ployment to some of the needy men of the
city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
CAR-GUARD THAT
PICKS UP WHEELS
Exciting Ride of a Cyclist
Caught by an Elec
tric Car.
SAVED BY HIS NERVE
Pushed Ahead at a Rapid Rate
Several Hundred Feet on
Grove Street.
SUPT. GRIM SEEMS HAPPY.
Hs Long Experiments With Car-
Guards Has at Last Resulted in a
Device of Good Service.
Oakland Office San Francipco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 2. f
Henry Masterson of Berkeley experi
enced a wild and dangerous bicvele ride
this morning that eclipses any of the sen
sational adventures of the riders in the
great relay race now in progress across the
continent.
The experience to which reference is
made is enough like a circus trick to justify
its practice by some one seeking sensa
tional honors, though it is hardly likely
to become a common form of coasting
even among expert wheelmen.
Masterson was riding along Grove street,
and was keeping in the middle of the
electric-road track. He paid no attention
to the car that was fol owing him, and the
motorman rang the bell to warn the
cyclist. Maaterson turned off the track,
and then decided to give the car a race.
He spurted, and although the cars go at a
good rate along Grove street the cyclist
was able to makn the pace.
Finally Masterson concluded that as the
track was smoother than the rest of the
road he would again use it.
Then took place a feat that reflects
much credit on a car guard and on the
coolness of Masterson. As he ran on the
track the car was so close that it struck
his stern wheel. Everybody expected to
see the rider ground to pieces, and there
was as much excitement as if be bad been.
The car-guard, however, came to the
rescue. It scooped up the hind wheel and
lifted it about a foot above the ground.
Quick as lightning Masterson took his feet
from the pedals and attended to his wheel.
He was so alert that he kept his wheel up
right, although be was sitting at a big
angle and was in danger of being pitched
over the handle-bar.
This was witnessed for several hundred
feet, ttie remarkable spectacle of a man
ridjng in front of a swift-traveling electric
car, witn the hind wheel caught by the
scoop guard and steering safely with the
front wheel.
As soon as possible the car was atopped
and when its speed first slackened Master
son calmly placed his feet on the pedals
and wheeled the bicycle off the guard and
pursued his way out Grove street
Superintendent Grim of the Grove-street
road has been devoting considerable time
to the perfection of lenders and he con
siders that he has certainly produced a
guard that ought to evoke the gratitude of
wheelmen at least
A CONTEST WITH GLOVES
In the Encinai Yacht Club Boat
house Between Tarpey and
Randolph.
The Resignation of the Assistant
Librarian and Other Brief
Items.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 2.— The Encinai
Athletic Club, an offshoot from the Yacht
Club, confined to sons and relations of the
latter, held a boxing contest last night in
the clubhouse. The participants were
Messrs. Tarpey and Randolph, sous of two
prominent citizens. Invitation cards were
issued by the members, so that a good
attendance was secured, and the contribu
tion box, placed under the eyes of each of
the onlookers, received a good round sum.
To put some ginger into the affair the
story was current that the contestants had
had a difference over a lady, and that Ran
dolph had challenged Tarpey to a duel
with the gloves. The affair last night was
of the mild order, though four-ounce
gloves were used. Charles Russell acted
as referee until after the fifth round, when
Dr. C. L. Tisdale took a hand, and high
above the din his voice proclaimed that
the fighting must end then and there.
The referee proclaimed the match a
draw, a decision that did not meet the
views of the spectators, who thought Tar
pey entitled to the judgment in his favor.
Library Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept 2.— The library
trustees at their meeting last night ap
pointed FranK Bordwell assistant librarian
in the place of W. R. Bacon. Bacon ten
dered his resignation to enter on a course
of dental Btudy and a letter of recom
mendation is to be given him by the
trustees.
Died at Sea.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 2.— Further par
ticulars to hand go to show that C. C.
Brock, who died on the Alaska Packing
Association's vessel Merom, succumbed to
dropsy of the heart. Broc* died while the
Merom was icebound for twenty-six days
in Bering Sea, opposite Bristol Bay.
CONSTABLES' DUTY.
The Matter Hay Be Taken Into
Court Soon.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 2.— Sheriff C. B.
White has this to say regarding the pro
posed plan of the constables of the county
refusing to take prisoners committed by
Justice courts from thence to the jail:
"I believe the constables propose to take
this stand because they receive no re
muneration for taking prisoners to the
County Jail after commitment, I cannot
sne why I should be compelled io undergo
a hardship of the same kind. If I should
have to bring a prisoner in here from
lrvington, for instance, I would receive no
more remuneration than a constable would.
Besides, I do not think that the constabl ™
could legally leave prisoners in the Jus
tice's court and expect me to go after those
prisoners. Ido not think I have anything
to do with such prisoners uniil they are
delivered to me at the jail."
Under Sheriff Harlow, speaking on the
subject, said: "The constables have no
more right to leave a prisoner committed
to the County Jail in a Justice's office
than they would to leave him in a grocery
or a saloon. The constables are the offi
cers of the Justices' Court, and it is their
duty to carry out the orders of the Jus
tices in the matter of committing prison
ers. Tney must turn over prisoners to the
Sheriff, and the Sheriff is required to take
and receive prisoners into custody oniy
when they are turned over to him by the
constables" at the jail."
AN ILLEGAL DAM.
H. Hograf Fined SSO for Obstructing
Crow Canyon Creek, Near
San Leandro.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept 2.— H. Hograf,
a farmer at Crow Canyon, was arrested
iast week by Game Warden J. L. Donovan
of San Leandro and charged with build
ing a dam across a creek without attach
ing an effective fhhladder thereto. He
was notified by the State Fish Commission
of the omission, but refused to comply
with the request of the board.
Hograf was tried before the Justice of
the Feace at San Leandro Tuesday, found
guilty by a jury and fined $50. He was
also directed to construct the nshladder
immediately or remove the dam.
WILL SPEAK IN OAKLAND.
The Archbishop on "The Catholic
Church and Progress."
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 2.— Archbishop
Riordan is to deliver an address on Friday
night at the Macdonough Theater on
"The Catholic Church and Progress."
This is the first time the Archbishop has
spoken in Oakland since the opening of
St. Mary's College a year ago, and there
will be a great audience judging by the
advance sale of seats. The lecture is un
der the auspices of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society^
THE CRESCENT ATHLETES
Preparations Being Made for
Their Boxing Meet To-
Night.
Funeral of Dr. Noble Martin— Peralta
Hose Company Divided — Town
Ntws Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 2.-Members
of the Crescent Athletic Club and others
interested in boxing are looking forward
with much interest to the big boxing rar
nival arranged for to-morrow night.
There will be two main events for trophies
and a number of other sparring exhibi
tions by well-known amateur pugilists.
The event of the evening will be a four
round fight, with privilege of a fifth, be
twoon Chin Cuneo of San Francisco, a
member of the Berkeley Crescent Club,
and Jerry Sullivan of the San Francisco
Athletic Club. Both men will weigh in at
112 pounds. They are declared to be
clever and plucky boxers and a hot con
test is looked for.
Another contest will be between Evers
and Ilarri«on for thp 120-pound champion
ship of the club. Evers and Harrison are
both clever ring generals, neither of them
having ever met defeat, and they are ex
pected to furnish an exciting bout.
Among the preliminary contests will be
bouts between Billy Hughes, champion
welter-weight of the coast, and Bert
Brown, middle-weieht, and Frank Rafael,
champion feather-weight, and Bob Elwert
ot Alvarado. The Britt brothers will give
a sparring exhibition. Frank Rafael will
referee the Kvcrs-Harrison contest and
flushes will be the referee of the Cuneo-
Sullivan light.
Suffragists* Precinct Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 2. — The
Woman's Suffragist Society will hold its
first meeting in Precinct 11 to-morrow
afternoon, at the residence of Mrs. Wil
liam Keith on Atherton street. Each per
son attending, whether in sympathy with
the cause or not, will be expected to pre
sent two arguments against woman suf
frage. These objections will be answered
by various prominent member ol the club.
Vaccination of Pupils.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 2.— The Board
of Education will receive reports next
Monday night from Principals Waterman
and Warnirke as to the number of pupils
in the public schools who have not been
vaccinated. It is proposed to enforce the
State law that requires all school children
to be vaccinated and the board will adopt
a rule excluding from the classroom all
pupils who do not receive the smallpox
preventive.
A good deal of opposition to the pro
posed new rule has been manifested and
it is thought that some parents will refuse
to comply with the order.
I uneral of Dr. Martin.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 2.— The funeral
of Dr. Noble Martin, formerly State Sen
ator from Placer and El Dorado counties,
took place this afternoon from the resi
dence of Samuel D. Partridge on Haste
street. After the funeral sermon was
preached by Rev. E. B. Pavne of the Uni
tarian Society the remains were turned
over to the local Masonic lodge. Master
John Martin conducted the services at
the grave. Following were the pall-bear
ers: I. T. Coffin, Uenry Ells, Warren San
born, Dr. M. W. Wilson, Judge Robert
McGowan and Dr. H. N. Miner.
Two Girls Run Away.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 2.— Maud
Quackenbush, a girl of 15. disappeared
from home last Sunday with another giri
of about the same age by the name of
Sarah Long. It was suspected that Maud
and her friend were somewhere in Berke
ley, and a vigorous search was instituted
for them in every home where it was
thought they might be concealed.
This morning Sarah returned, and this
afternoon Maud was found at the home of
Belle Merrill in Oakland.
Made luto Two Sections.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept 2.— At the
meeting of the Peralta Fire Company last
night it was decided on account of the
organization to divide it into two sections,
the Hose Company and the Hook and'
Ladder Company, both to be under the
same management
Arrangements were made for their en
tertainment, which will take place next
Friday evening.
Banana Tree.
OAKLAND, Cal, Sept. 2.— Charles W.
Dearborn, teller in t'e Oakland Bank of
Savings, has presented to the city a beau
tiful banana tree twelve feet in heieht and
three years old. It has withstood thecoJd
wt-ather of two winters at his residence
1425 Tenth avenue, where there are four
oihers. This Droves that local frosts are
not injurious to tropical fruits.
The tree has been transplanted to the
western part of Lafayette square, and is
being carefully tendered by the gardener
Thomas Pearson, who says it is thriving
like his candidacy for the Legislature.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 2.— The Gay
Parisians drew a large house at the Mac
donough last night and this evening and
will be seen again to-night. The
play is admirably acted throughout and
the many trying situations are well car
ried out.
MUST HAVE A
HOME FOR WAIFS,
Big Increase in the Number
of Abandoned Chil
dren.
MRS. PRESCOTT'S PLAINT
All the Local Homes Are Full
and She Keeps a
Nursery.
LADIES TO TAKE ACTION.
Mrs. Captain McFee of the Salvation
Army Will Probably Be Encour
aged to Open a Shelter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Sept 2. |
More children have been abandoned in
Oakland during the past few months than
the many homes in this neighborhood can
accommodate. About every other day
some little waif is cast adrift and taken to
the secretary of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children, and now
Mrs. Prescott has commenced sending
them to ban Francisco shelters and homes.
To those who are familiar with the West
Oakland Home, the Temescal Home and
the Chabot Home it will appear strange
that these refuges have been forced to close
their doors against newcomers. No chil
dren have been received at West Oakland
for two months, at Temescal for three,
while the Chabot will not receive them un
less a quaran tee be given that they shall
only stay a few days.
At the present time Mrs. Prescott has a
small orphanage at her own apartments.
She has "Nobody's baby,' : that figured at
the exposition, and she has kept her so
long that she does not now desire to part
with her. Then there is little Helene,
who was kept at her otlice in a basket, and
the latest is Annie Hilbert, a lovely child
1 year of age, who was brought over by a
San Francisco woman, placed out to board
several months ago and abandoned.
"Twenty-one little ones have been heart
le>siy abandoned during the past few
weeks," said Mrs. Prescott to-day. "Some
have been left on doorsteps, some have
been brought here by those with whom
they were placed and who could not keep
them longer, but the most common way is
to leave them in my office when I am out.
il lt is very necessary that we should
have a receiving home for foundlings in
this city. Disposition can always be made
of abandoned children in the course of
time, but, it is imperative that there should
be some place where they can be cared for
till permanent homes can be provided lor
them.
"Several society ladies have promised to
take the matter up and they are now wait
ing for others to return when the matter
will be taken up. A parlor meeting will
be called and Mm. Captain McFee of the
Salvation Army will probably be the one
to carry out their ideas. The children's
work of the Salvation Army seems to be
as practical and economical and thorough
as any system tiiatcau be found, and they
will probably be accorded proper encour
agement to open a children's shelter in
Oakland.
"For some time past I have had to take
my waifs to San Francisco, but they do
not altogether appreciate children irom
other cities and besides it wastes much
valuable time that could be saved if we
Lad a home here."
Electric Road Wins.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 2.-The efforts
of Street Superintendent M. K. Miiler to
compel t\ J. Woodward, receiver of the
Highland Park and Fruitvale Electric
RaiiroAd to keep in repair and sprinkle
between the rails have proved futile.
A demurrer was made to his complaint,
claiming the ordinance requiring a com
pany to sprinkle between its* rails was un
constitutional, as it amended the fran
chise, which imposed no such conditions.
This view was sustained by the court and
the complaint dismissed.
Favor* Public Farks.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 2.— There was a
largely attended meeting of the Board of
Trade at the Exposition building this
evening. It was in the interest of public
narks in this city. The principal speakers
were Superintendent John McLaren of
Golden Gale Park and A. D. Pryal, the
county Horticultural Commissioner. A
number of oihers, however, spoke on the
subject.
Technical Defense.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 2.— County Au
ditor Myron A. Whidden has presented a
technical defense to the indictments charg
ing embezzlement and mutilation oi pub
lic records, and as a consequence the
whole Grand Jury has been summoned to
anpear before Judge Greene on September
14 at i p. m.
A Fat Fee.
OAKLAND, Cal. Sept. 2.— Dr. D. D.
Crowiey, in his suit against the executors
of the will of Philip Boogar, for a $2500
fee for performing the operation of attach
ing the ends of an intestine perforated by
a bullet, was awarded the full amount by
a jury.
Death by Dissipation.
OAKLAND, Cal., Bept. 2.— Charles Fur
ness, a young man of good family, who
was barkeeper at the Newland House for
some years, died at the Receiving Hospi
tal from general debility, brought on by
dissipation. He was a hard drinker and
an inveterate cigarette smoker.
AT THE CITY THEATERS,
Bright Kathryn Kidder Retains
Her Hold on Baldwin
Audiences.
The Present Season of Opera at the
Tivoli Drawing to a
Close.
The theaters are suffering this week
from the large attendances at the Me
chanics' Fair, which naturally leave fewer
people to go round at the playhouses.
Some of the attractions, however, seem to
hold their own, despite the counter at
tractions of the fair.'
The brilliantly staged "Mine. Sans
Gene" is continuing its initial success at
the Baldwin Theater. Miss Kathryn
Kidder has already become a decided
favorite with her audiences, and several
other members of the cast have become
popular, particularly Augustus Cook as
Napoleon.
At the Columbia the "Social Trust" is
proving its ability to stand a second
week's run. It will be replaced next week
by "The Wife."
In the Tivoli's revival of "Rigoletto"
Sign or de Vries is doing as brilliantly
artistic work in the title role as when the
opera was first produced by the present
company. Nina Bertini Humphreys is a
graceful, girlish Gildte, who is quite satis
factory vocally, and Abramoff is good in
the basso role. The performance as a
whole is thoroughly enjoyable.
"Ernani" has been giving John J.
Raffael a chance to please his audience
in the role of the King. Mrae. Natali and
Michalena have been winning a good deal
of applause as Elvira and Ernani respect
ively. To the regret of music-lovers it is
announced that next week will be the last
tor a time of the present season of opera.
Until then Carl Martens will continue to
conduct in place of Gnstav Hinj;chs.
The thriiling incidents in "Held in
Slavery" are proving thoroughly attrac
tive at the Grand Opera-house, and Lottie
Williams and E. J. Herron's humorous
contributions to the performance help to
give snap and go to the play.
Friends and admirers of the Alcazar
Theater and its new company have at
tended in force this weeK. The play,
"Turned Up," goes a good deal more
smoothly than on the opening night and
the performance arouses plenty of ap
plause.
Filson and Erroll's comedy, "Men
Versus Women," is proving the leading
feature of the new turns at the Orpheum
this week. The rest of the programme
contains the usual amount of popular
features.
Next Monday the California Theater
will reopen for the season with Steve
Brodie, in bis popular play, "On the
Bowery."
ON MORTGAGE TAXATION,
Able Debate by Members of the
Federated Improvement
Clubs.
The Board of Health's Request for a
Sanitary Appropriation Also
Discussed.
The San Francisco Federation of Im
provement Clubs met at B'nai B'rith Hall
last evening. Several important proposi
tions came up before the organization
and were discussed in a very lively man
ner.
The report of the committee on creden
tials recommending the admission of the
following delegates from the Mission Five
mile Improvement Club was presented by
F. W. Van Reynegom and adopted : Fran
cis Feely, H. E. Doyal, E. N. Toreblo,
Charles Luttriuger and M. H. Levy. The
recommendation that Messrs. Sullivan,
King, Ladd, Nolan and Hammond be ad
mitted from the Fourth-street club was
also approved.
A motion laid over from the last meet
ing that the organization meet twice a
month instead of once a month evoked a
warm debate. ,
The majority favored the idea, as this
was near election time, and the motion
was adopted. Hereafter the Federated
Improvement Clubs will meet on the first
and third Wednesdays of -every month.
The report of the committee on public
works, presented by Dr. A. Rottanzi,
stated that the principal matter under
consideration was the Pesthouse.
"We believe," said Dr. Rottanzi, "that
the condition of the present Pesthouse is
such that it should be torn down. San
Francisco should certainly take charge of
it* own lepers, bat should not be made
the dumping ground for all the lepers of
the State."
The secretary of the Board of Health,
he said, had sent the committee a letter
giving certain statistics in regard to the
Pepthouse, in which it was stated that the
number of lepers was few, but that the
present Pesthouse was not built for any
but contagious diseases. The Board of
Health condemns the entire quarters, and
lays the blame upon the Board of Super
visors. .
The committee recommended that the
inhabitants of the Pesthouse should be
removed to temporary quarters suitable
for their maintenance until a proper in
stitution could be built for them.
The committee further recommended
that a memorial be presented to the Gov
ernment, asking that work on the new
PostoQice be begun at once, in order to
give honest men who are out of employ
ment a chance to earn bread for them
selves and families. The present Post
office the report declared to be totally
inadequate and commodious quarters were
absolutely necessary. Dr. Sallield moved
an amendment that a $10,000 appropria
tion be asked for to build a pesthouse on
the Almshouse Tract. This idea created
such a furor from those opposed to that
location that the matter was laid on the
table.
A motion was presented that no club be
admitted into the organization until
ninety days after its organization. An
amendment to this reduced the time to
sixty days, and an amendment to the
amendment reduced the time to thirty
days. The question excited heated de
bate and Dr. Sallield iinally moved as a
substitute for the whole that the matter
be laid over for two weeks, which motion
was carried.
This was done in order to permit a num
ber of clubs who are eager to enter imme
diately the privilege of sodoins. There
fore, it is probable that after the meeting
of September 16 no club will be admitted
until it has been in existence thirty days.
The question that excited the most in
terest during the evening was whether
the report of the committee on law and
legislation condemning the adoption o
the first amendment to the constitution
exempting mortgages from taxation
should be adopted.
President Phelan was vigorous in his
objection to the club's putting itself on
record against the amendment. John R
Aitken and Dr. Sal held were as strongly
in favor of it. L. J. Dwyer took the same
position as Phelan.
The general argument of those in favo
of the amendment was that if mortgage
be exempted from taxation the bank
would lower their rates of interest; tha
they now not only add the tax to the inf
terest, but a fraction more to cover the un
certainty of the tax rate. It was claimed'
that this fraction is an injustice to the'
borrower. "
Against this it was argued that interests
was higher before the new constitutions
was adopted than it is now. Several argu- t
ments to prove this method of reasoning
fallacious were made by the other side."
It was finally found necessary to postpone'
the consideration of the proposition for
two weeks, the various delegates being in
vited in the meantime to brine the matter
before their clubs.
The following resolution was brought
beiore the body and adopted unanim
ously:
Resolved, That the commlttecon parks be in
structed to conier witn the Board of Super
visors and the Board of Park Commission
ers with a view of making proper provision
by the City and Commissioners tor planting
ornamental trees on the line of the only boule
vard irom the park to the City— Golden Gate
avenue.
The committee on public utilities rec
ommended that the organization give its
hearty support and co-operation to the
Board of Health in securing an extra ap
propriation by the Board of Supervisors
for improving tlie sanitary condition of
Auction Sales
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE.
£tfc 2c£& 2c& y*^
SATURDAY.
Saturday..-'..-. .....September 5, 1893,
At the EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 r*7"-A.xj:E3xrox-A. ST.,
AT 11 A. M., WE WILL BELL
60 Head of Work, Driving and All Purpose
Horses; Bnggiea; BaKery. Laundry and Delivery
Wagons, Carts, Surreys, Harness.
SALE POSITIVE— TERMS CASH.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers— Ofllce, 327 sixth st.
the City. Consideration of the subject
was laid over for two weeks.
The organization then adjourned, but so
?reat an interest was taken in the ques
tions under consideration that they were
informally discussed for some time after
ward.
TIBURON WILL ENTERTAIN
Monster Clam Bake and Athletic Sports
Sunday Next.
The citizens of Tiburon are making ex
tensive preparations for a clam bake and
grand celebration to be held next Sunday
at noon in their hospitable little city. A
meeting of those people interested in the
clam bake met iast evening and organized
as "The Tiburon Clam Bane Association,"
vith the following officers: President, J.
O'Connell: secretary, Thomas Mitchell;
treasurer, N. Henseu. The association
appointed the folio wing committees to
handle the "bake: Masters of ceremon
ies, H. Unnaand Gus Scheller; games and
tug-of-war, William Finlayson; boat races,
J. Am aral ; caterer, George Crowell ; music,
W. C. Lewis.
Rows of tables and benches are being
erected to accommodate at least 1000 per
sons who are expected to be the guests of
Titurou Sunday. Everything will be
free, as the townsfolk have determined to
be hosts' in the fullest sense of the word.
The object of the clambake and jollifica
tion is to show all visitors what kind of a
place Tiburon is. or more correctly, to
make San Franciscans feel that they "have
a kindly neighbor across the bay. The
citizens committee has issued invitations
to its friends.
Music, tug-of-war, boat races and ath
letic games will be a feature of the enter
tainment or the guests. The San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railway Company
is willing to lend a helping hand to the
"bake, 1 as it encourages a desirable class
of people to travel on the steamers.
Bryan Silver Club.
The Bryan Silver Club of the Fortieth As
sembly District held a rousing and enthu
siastic meeting last night. Election for per
manent secretary was the first order of
business, and George M. Kelly and Cornelius
E. Mahoney were unanimously chosen as re
cording and corresponding secretary respec
tively. Joseph P. Kelly, candidate for Congress
from the Fifth Congressional District; Sidney
Van WycJt, M. C. Hassett, T. P. Riordan and
others addressed the meeting.
The film of a soap bubble is the 2,500,
-000 th of an inch In tnickness.
/^\ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fflfirtß« 6i ?Ll^ EARS ' V - ST -Established
IS 11ll in IBs * tor the treatment of Private
£ldci& l <2sl Diseases, Lost Manhood, lability or
!»Hgajam|» d sease wc»rin|roii bodyandmindnii.l
\i ?^'!aJ3 6 in Diseases. Thedoctorciireswheti
aJaWWB others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<^MH| C nrf « suaranlrrd. Callorwrite.
Pr. J. >'■ niIBBOM. Box 1957. San FrancSca
• OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAffISIIIP COIKPAST
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /fc»Tt
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, aa-fiBBE
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneaa, Kll-
llsnoonnd Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11,36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
Sew \V. atcom (Beillngham Bay. Wash.), 9 a. m.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 16. 81, V 6, and every tlfth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C, P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
If. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For J tireka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum.
holdt Bay) Mr. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18, 22, 26, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For «anta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa,
Port Harford (Han l.uJs Obispo), Oavlota, Santa
Bnrbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Sept. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24; 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Die?o, stopping only at Port Haword
(San- Luis Obiapo), santa Barbara, Fort Los An-
celes, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. S«pu 2. «, 10, 14, 18, 22, *6, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. San Joiedel Cabo. Mamlan, La
Paz and Guaymaa (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.'
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
O. 3a. o _c«3 IST.
ASTORIA AIPOBTLANIL
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Colombia sails Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 5, 15, 25
fciato cf California sail*..... .....! .....
Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 'io, 20, 80
From Spear-st Wharf (Pier 24) at la a. ic
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Supts.
V. V. CONNOR, General A sa{,
630 Marker sirwC
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, L*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl by
AUSTRALIA. %Jfs.S. AUSTRALIA.
B. S. ALAMKDA satis Via HONOLULU and
A UCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, September
17. at a p. M. .
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, September 22. a: 10 a.m. Special party rates.
Line to COOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
(South Africa. '
J. D. SPRECKELB & BROS. CO., Agents.
11l Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 527 Market st., San Francisco.
(MPAGME GENERAL TRAMTLASTIQUB
Froncti Lin^ to Havr*. •
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH Ml
V^ River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by «&SQgf
this line avoid both transit by English railway aal
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Tors to Alexandria, Kgypc, via Part*
tirst-ciuss $160: Becond-das3, $lltt.
LA BOURGOGNE.... Sept. 5, 9 A. it.
La > •'<-. M \ -I'iii Sept. 12, 5 A. it.
LA T0URA1NE.......... Sept. 19, I a. it.
LA <* \.-< (Ki.NK .........:. Sept. 26. 3 a. M.
LA BRETAGNE Oct. 3,7 a.m.
j)&Y* for further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New Yoric
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agent3> 5 .Montgomery
1 avenue, San Francisco. - - .
ROYAL MAIL STEAfIJACRET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL AOkm.
O fortnightly for the West Indies and 4fn&9B
Southampton, calling en . route at C-'rbourglw
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class, $y7 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROT! 1 * CO., Agents.
; SOP California »t.
STOCKIW STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At ti P. ill; Daily, FreiKtit, received uo
to >::*u P. M.
tS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
'it« only line making through rates on V allay
Road freight. "
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
. Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and lmpt. Co
U.S. JfAYY-YARD. MARE ISLWD, yallejo,
•Beuifia, "Port tosia, *rrrckett and *Valona.
STB. SIONTICELI.O,
Daily 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p.- it. (Saturdays . **10:30
a. M.), 3:30 f. it. Sundays 8 p. m. only. Offlcei
and landing, Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Blaclc
**}•' . D HATCH BROS.
• 4 and 8 p. m. trips Only. .
»» Excursion trip, Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS & SANTA CRUZ
OTEAMER ALVIBO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
at 10a- it. (Sundays ezcepted); Alvlso daily at
7p. M. (Saturdays excepted). FrelgM and Pas-
n * B . rv Fare between San Francisco and Alvl.wv
Go; to Si^n Jose, 75c. Clay «., *ler X. yu W*
1314
ATHLETES' ASSOCIATION.
Various Clubs Unite Under One Board
of Directors for Protection.
Representatives of the various athletic j
clubs, comprising the San Francisco, the j
National, the Acme, the Oakland, the j
Manhattan, the Occidental, the North :
End, the Columbian and the Olympic, J
met last night in response to the invita- j
tion issued by George Ferris of the Man- j
hattan Club with the object of forming an i
association of clubs by electing delegates
who, when properly accredited, shall form
a board of directors.
At the meeting last night tnere were |
seven clubs represented by delegates and
an informal discussion was had covering
lhe aims and objects of the association,
but in consequence of there not being a
full attendance no final action was taken, •
other than the electing of (ieorge Ferris j
president and William Herbert secretary, j
Both of them will be only temporary I
officers, however, 10 hold until the next
meeting of the delegates.
The pian of this association, so far as it
has been discussed, is that the association
shall not have any immediate jurisdiction
over the separate action of any of the
clubs in their arrangements ior matches
or other sports. Bat it is intended to sup
port the weaker clubs aeainst undue in
terference on the part of the authorities or |
others who, through jealousy, might try
to belittle their standing as legitimate
athletic clubs.
Under the proposed rules the smaller
clubs will have an equal show with the |
Manhattan or Occidental, which clubs i
have a good reputation for honorable
sport.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H Shoemaker, Sioux City James Smith, Boston
M C .Huntin.Terre Haute R D Mason, N Zealand 1
Missßuntin.Terre Haute W J MoNulty, s>acto
W D Reynolds, Sta Ro-sa S X Wagoner, Guatemala
YjZ Keppeler A wf, Wis .1 Seaxller. Sacramento i
E W Mitchell & w.lowaC J T lioup, Los Angeles \
J L Gilbert, Selma DrTaggart <fc w.Bakersfd i
Elt Tildeh. Woodland BI) HayeVnitw. BsdunM
J W Dawson, Alarm da John liu^i; ry. jiaut >rd
H V Itrown. Alameda C A Bobartflon, Clucit^o ;
W X (iulhiie, Cal X G Gnen, Santa Cruz j
A X Evans, st Paul P Brady, Hanford
J H Case. Kutte, Mont A C Cobei. Court. and
Airs A Godbe, i-n.-anr.da II Q Bhaw, Stockton
:v;iss < Yonng. Sau Diego LL Green. Oroville
J 11 Sunborn, Orland L L Jewell, Grants Pass
B o Hare. Cal A J McSorley, * Andreas
Cnarles Boyd, Kedeo R Brown. Rodeo
W B Weils, Portland J C Paine <fc fv. Fresno
Miss L Ribble, Roanoke T O Bi.-sell, Fresno
.1 West Aw, Portland JF (. lapp. Cnlcaj-o
W H DridenAw. Chicago X H llune A w, jßckson •
W ;>1 UriKhtdtw.ChlcaK" JM a mice <fe w, Jackson 1
11 W Hastings, I'orthtnd C Garner. Ouklaud 1 .
G W Oruer&w, Wheiithnl Mrs Cox, Los Angeles ' '
Dr A E Osbourn, A wf, M D FaircliildAw.Oaklnd j ;
Eidrldge N Dij;^, v\ oodiand
F Burtlett, Llvermore J PouTidstone.tJrancl Isld i
J R Price, KJdridge W A Varin, Syracuse
J C Moyk, Colu>a D Hde Long, Butie City I 1
J) A Hannah, si John B F (<eis, Willows
11 Winham, -ailnas Mrs R T Devlin, .sacto
W a Seaman, Sta Maria Ac Huston&wf.Woodlnd
J S Mills, Stockton W A tthippe, Avon
P C Mori, Stockton '
LICK HOUSE.
H Henderson, Merced N E de Yoe A w, Modesto
C v Picket A w, t_al Dr W H Wentworth, Sac ; j
G Boldemann A «•, Cal J F Carlson, Merced
H R Bull, Healdsmrg c R Tilson, Modesto
Q W Wilbur, Boston W N Chester, f SSAllert j
G L Alexander, Cal Mrs W A Bryant, Tex J ,
W S Bryant Jr, Tex D S Miller, Los Angeles i
J D Cuip, San Filepe W H Spencer, Cai I '.
C E Owen, Stockton R T Allen, Oakland
C Gourad, Portland BT Hudelson, Oakland !
J McCarthy, Cal C B Henderson, Cal | 1
F W Smith, Portland Mrs J Lustig <s eh, v'al j
Miss Jennie Meyer, Cal H J strow bridge. Or
C H Winnett <t w, N V Gene Lemcke, -Muzatlan ,
X J Eckis. Ceder A Markham A w, Cal
.Miss S Markham. Cal Miss B Markhara. Cal
Dr J M Topmoeller.ohio B Topm oeller, Oh;o
Carter Uohrbough, CovelDan Brown Jr, Fresno i
J F Burch Aw, 1 ulare :>lrs Weinber, Angeles
Ed Muller, Nevada City S a Patrick, w A c. Visal
B McDous:ill Au , Bkrfld Miss E D Soule, Wash
Miss b Taylor, Kureka Mrs R Hill, walnut Ck
Jlrs L X nice, Walnut Ck Mrs J D Hill. Walnut Ck
N J v llley A w, bk Colo Mrs S A Fuller, bk Colo
Mrs E J Palmer, bk Colo Miss M Palmer, bk Colo j
Miss A Chu.e. bk Colo J S Gibson, bk Colo
Col J Harrington, Colusa H Mc.Viann, Santa Cruz '
Mrs J R Koberts, Alum F C CiarK Aw, Stockton i
Mrs Berringer, si Heliia Miss Berringer, St Helna ' '
X Mattiews. I'lacerville Milo Knox, Haywards
M« L Fox, Red L, lioa F St J Fox, Ked L, Mont
H H Bells, Eureka J p Eisenbach, NY
Mrs c creaner, Stockton Miss Creaner, Stockton i •
Miss N Creaner. Stocktn C Fitzgerald, Georgetown I
T E Gay, Cal H Newman, w A N, Sit L |
H C Hillman, Davis A C Hillman, Davis
itUSS HOUSE.
LHStickland.Bakersflls G D Peters, Truckee
G A Gray A wf, N V V A Kruse, San Jose
A Kruse, San Jose B Engle. Vallejo
H X Bergen A wf. Sacio E Well. New '1 ork
Mi Jared, San Miguiel NKennin-,USN
T C Cox, Sonora C B Burrerego, Seattle
H G Plummer, Seattle X'iss M E Sheffer, Cal
Mrs H C Hursh. Cal Mrs J P Hursh, Nev
Mrs J W Bronnle, Colfax O Peiterson, San Diego
T MacPhereon, S Diego Mrs S Meloy, Ohio
Miss E HuuMicker, Ohio J J Hughes, .Mlddletown j
C Carlton, Uontetejr A Seppy, Monterey
W H G Meyer, Monterey C G Kane, Minn
G B Waller, sacto C C Gillen, Table Rock
G W McConnell, Cal T C James, Co: fax
s J Shermantine.KlngC J Bellah. Pla< erville
J Nenlon, Oakdale H Haardt, Salinas
J L I.iatbews, Salinas H M Devoy, Eureka
Alice Devoy. Eureka M H Ward, Or
F L Peterson, or E MerK A wf, Mariperlle I
C R s-cott. Portland A Bruce, Perth
L H I^efreve, Oakland G D Thomas, Berkeley
J Smith, Oaklani I
PALACE HOTEL.
B F Lam e, Nogales
G G McKay, Los Ang Mrs Mnne, Noosales
L T Freeman, S V C Monroe. Los Adk
J M Gait, Stanford Mrs W Davie, Chicaco
E H >hustor. Wash A Npwhouse. Detr.i r
F W Karns. U s N PL stiuman. Chicago
T F BurKdorff, USX J P Artair, Chicago
R E Jack, S L Obispo C H Jor.ian. Stanford
J S Reirt, Denver C J Stedman, Monterey
C D Latourette, Or Miss D Chase, Or
Miss J Wade, ur C G Gordon, England
J M ore & \v, Alattson L Gordon, England
P X Yookum. Los Ang J Fowler, f-t Louis
Mrs Fowler, St Louis Miss McCormack. Mo
C B Alexander, N V J-' U Lusk, Chicago
W A Hhaw, Chicago D Maclearjr, Fomand
C R Hiineld, Brooklyn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mins M McDonald, Cat F Hoffman, Redding
J Lawlor, Petaluraa Thos Keiily, Baden
T P Brady, Oakland F Cook, Vic: oria
,r X Le«hHni & w. Seattle F C .Tackion & w, Mass
G Wilkerson, iienicia II T Hall, Ind
li Mc'Juire, Baden Mrs B V Ha.!, Mass
Miss Ci Hail. liosion C L Youna, Chicigo
T B Booili, Chico L X Morris, Lodi
L F Lewis, Lorii Mrs (»cott<t fm, Lod!
1. ¥ Starr Jr, Chicago B is Love, Buffalo
V B Booth, Mass , T L Mear. Ind
Baldwin hotkl
O X Brown, Portland S W Wilson, 8 L Obispo
J BCilt, Berkeley E A Richmond, Cal
X Blocles. Ukiah >r X llHrris. Oakland
L J Gavin, fit Louis D P Hick-ling <fe w. Wash \
Mrs E WiilißDis, s Rosa Mrs V B WiKhtman.Arlz !
A X Mintie <k \v,lx>s An? V Q Gould. Jackson
M J-:rke-. .S Kernar.llno M J MiCudden. Vallejo ,
Miss Mc< n'lden, Vallfjo C L McNai7, Salom, Or !
Miss i^awrence, S Rafael A E Sells, Sells' Circus i
G \V Jenks, Detroi.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUBINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco Cau^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 630 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, •pc»
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open urtll 9:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS. I
. *. _^ j
»^2p CALIFORNIA lODGK NO. 1, _ j
Sp— y F. and A M., will meet THIS if*
(THURSDAY) EVENING, September 3,Yy
at 7:30 o'clock. Stated meeting. By order f^r\
of the master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ftfib* DORIC LODGE No. 216, F. AND a I
D^*' A. M.— Special and stated meeting Jk
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:3l;^*^
o'clock. By order of the W. it. /v^x
A DOLPH KP.ONBERG, Secretary.
JP_3p. SPECIAL .NOTICE— OFFICERS «_ A*
•»—^ and members of Golden Gate En-'V/ 8 !
camument No. 1, I. O. O. P., are hereby A
notitied that a special session will be held 'w. v
THIS THURSDAY, September 3. at 1 o'clock
P. if., in Encampment Hall, to attend the funeral
of our late Brother, F. W. MULLER.
. H. C. GEORGE, Scribe.
E_sp WILD ENCAMPMENT N0.23,«, _« j
tS^S' 1. a.o. l<., meets TO->IGHT In b.n- v \r 3 !
OHmpme:jt Hall, initiation (3 candidates).
Patriarchs cordially lnvlied to attend. ■ ' _r X
. '■; K. A. HERMANN, C. P.
A. J. Dhkilio, Scribe.
C^ss= YERBA BUENA LODGE <«>__%, - •
&-C No. l:>, r. O. <■>. F.— Officers and =§&«*{§&
neinbers please attend our regular
raoetin«;THD3 (THURSD AY) EVEN- -••»'■**
ING, -eiitemberS. Amendments to the by-laws
i will come before the lodge.. ' •
: . VICTOR HOFFMAN, N. G. •
A. D. Ohkshikk, secretary.
fegp~l.'NlTY LOnGK, .NO. 131, <n-jssm/A
Br^?. I. O. O. F.— Officers and mera-4*pS»_t^:
I bers are requested to assemble at the
hall, Sixteenth and Valencia streets. • ■^i»M'^~.
it 2 p. m., sharp. TO-DAY" (Thursday). September
3d, lor the purpose of attending tht- funeral of our
late brother W. F. MULLIiB.
, J. C. F. CORBETT, N. G.
Wm. .Thackeray, itec. Sec.
Err-g.^ ATTENTION ! MASS-MEETING OF
I*— 7 ' the ■• Pacific Coast Shoeworkers' Union
FP.IDAY EVENING, September 4, 18U6, at
01 51 4. Market St.. at 8 o'clock sharp. A II our fellow-
craftsmen and well-wishers are cordially invited. <
MEETING NOTICES-Continued.
IKS' "SCOTCH NICHT" AT ME- . «T»
E^JS" chanics' Pavilion.— THUßSDAY' 3V, _»l©
EVENING, September 3,1896, under >oxXg_j?
auspices of Chins Frnser and M re- .**=£WS\;
<lon.-x.il, O. ( :., and Scottish 1 histle Club of : San
Francisco. All Scotch men and women arc- cor-
dially invited to participate in parade to be held
on that occasion. Participants are requested to as-
semble at 32 O'Farrell st. at 8 p. 11 sharp. Par-
ticipants taking part In parade admitted to Pa-
vilion free of charge. Bring your plaid and bon-
neu If you have none come any way. IRVING
M. SCOTT speaks on that occasion.
- JOINT COMMITTEE.
ir^S=> A. O. H. B. OK E.— A SPECIAL MEKT-
•*— 7 in; of the county board of San Francisco
and Alameda will be held in Irish-American Hall
THURSD v V EVENING, September 3, at 8 p. m.
As business of importance will come up before the
meeting a fall attendance is requested.
THOMAS J. NORTON. State Secretary.
RSS" UK. CYRUS TEED, FOUNDER OF
m*& Koreshanity, will lecture on "The Coming
Crisis" in hall four, 102 O'Farrell St., FRIDAY
EVENING; also Sunday af.ernoon at 2:30: ad-
mission free. ■__
S_^S= FOR RENT— THE LODOEKOOMS FOR-
Gf-- 6^ merly occupied by the N. .*?. G. W. in the
Pioneer building, 24 Fourth st For terms apply
at 5 Pioneer plnce.
special notices. "
j^^P^drP^alTbert^ aTlrams~le[as~R&
IP-* 7 moved his offices to 784 Geary st-
SZ3f~ DR. G. E. SI.SSDOP.FF HAS REMOVED
m^& his ofllces to 221/3 Geary st, rooms 1 and 2.
jP_S=* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
m : Jr collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Monury St., room 6. Tel. 5580.
«E5S > BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $8. COOK.
*S^G r Law and Collection Office. 1023 Market st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
rV'HA N SEN _ Ca. 110 GEARY st!.
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. ,v. ; :
R~. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
ANTED — REFINED AND EDUCATED
"ii middle-aired German widow desires posi-
tion as housekeeper, matron or ladies' companion ;
is also competent to teach German: no objection to
taking care of children; reliable references given
and required. Address A C, box 16, Call.
T> ESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
XV would like to assist a lady with housework
from 10 a. m. to 4 p. M., or would take a baby out
in pleasant weather; terms 50 cents per day. Ad-
dress MKS. M., box 102, Call Office.
PELIABLE PERSON WISHES A SITIA-
XV tion: is v goo I cook and will do llirbt house-
work; willing and obliging; city or short distance
in the country. Call or address 27y 2 Fourth st.
IDD L E • AGED . AMERICAN WOMAN
wishes situation as chambermaid: is experi-
enced and competent: good references. Address
or call bet. 12 and 2 at 106 Tayl r su, room 1.
WANTED— BY COMPETENT WOMAN POSI-
" tion to assist in light housework, or take full
charge of children. Please call at 4 Church place,
between Greenwich and Lombard sts.
T) EFINED AND ■ COMPETENT YOU NO
XV woman wishes position as companion, care of
invalid or children; references. Call or address
Advertiser, 701 Stockton st.
/"iompeTent WOMAN wants A situ a-
yj tion to do general housework; wages $10 to
$12 per month. Call or address 79 Jessie st., be-
tween First and Second. .
yOL'XO WOMAN WISHES PLACE TO DO
X light houseworK or take care of a child; is
thoroughly trustworthy, L. M., 668 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
ADY WISHES A FEW HOURS' SEWING
by the day repairing ladies' dresses or sewing
of any kind: is a good dressmaker. Address
S. V.. box 86. this office.
CCOTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION:
O good cook, baker and laundress: references;
also a reliable baby's nurse; Protestant Call 658
Minna st., near Seventh.
QITCATION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
0 waitress and parlor maid in private family;
best references. Address M. M., box 94, this oflice.
pOMPETENT TRUSTWORTHY' WOMAN DE-
\J sires position to do housework or chamber-
work. call 150 Fourth St.. room 22.
SITUATION WANTKD BY A YOUNG COL-
or»d eirl as eh ambermaid or waitress; wages
$20 or $25. Call 2 Raphael place.
■youNG girl WISHES situation TO do
X chamberwork aud sewing, or assist in kitchen
If necessary. Call or address 100-' Mason st
■yOUNG GIRL WANTS PLACE IN CITY OR.
.1. country. 12 Le Roy pi., off Sacramento, bet.
Jones and Leavenworth.
/'i ERMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION TO
VI do housework or housekeeping; $12 month;
city or country. Call 3888 Seventeenth, nr. Noe.
OMAN WANT- WORK BY THE DAY TO
11 do washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Apply
411 Polk St. •
■yOUNG GIRL (LATELY FROM THE EAST)
X wishes situation to do second work and sewing
or take care of children. Call or address 1234
Mission St.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VX day washing or housecleaning. • 1259 Stevenson
st, bet Third and Fourth.
AMERICAN LADY WISHES TO TAKE
'__ care of invalid or go out nursing. 617 Twenty-
fourth St., nr. Bartlett.
C COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES i
\J situation to do general housework. 6(58 Ninth !
St., Oakland. . -
pOMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED PROTESTANT i
v woman desires a situatipn to do cooking and j
housework; wages $8 to $10: city or coun.ry.
312J/2 Minna st., near Fourth.
O.MAN WANTS WASHING AND IRON-
ii ing by the day; good laundress. 874 Howard.
PROTESTANT GIRL WISHES TO DO LIGHT
housework. Address for 2 days A., box 62,
this office.
pEP.MAN WOMAN WANTS TO DO HOUSE-
XX cleaning by the day; $1. MRS. HILS, 148
Sixth st, room 91.
ELIABLE YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN
11 wishes a situation to do sewing and chamber-
work (second girl). Address 1916 Howard st.
■yOUNG RKKINED CREOLE Wli/OW DE-
X sires a position as housekeeper. Please call
917 Market st., room 19, second floor.
ITUATION WANTED BY a COMPETENT
German woman to do cooking in private fam-
; ily; best references given. Ad. 527 1 Birch aye.'
I ELIABLE SEAMSTRESS WISHES STEADY
! XL work at sewing or dressmaking. Call or ad-
i dress 414 Folsom si. . '
ITUATION WANTED RY A GERMAN
girl to do upstairs work or sewing. Call or ad-
dress 824ty 2 Vallejo st
IV" OMAN WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE
1 1 day to do laundry work in first-class families.
1814 Hyde st. w-.
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
Xto do housework: is a good cook. Call or ad-
dress 8 Mason st
• pOM PETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
I \J cooking and general housework; city or conn-
I try. Address 29 Pleasant st
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
tion to do general housework or cooking in
■ private family: German preferred. Call or address
I 1801 Mission St.. near Fourteenth. - ',-'■
i young LADY "with no CHILDREN
I X would like a baby to raise; terms $10 a month.
I Address MR-. W. BAWVILLE. 32 Natoma st.
I YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE to ASSIST
I X doctor with patients; experience in "conflue-
-1 meat cases. Please call or address 534 Ellis eu,
! downstairs.
p EKMAN WOMAN SEEKS HOUSEKEEP-
XX lnc position; Is good seamstress: looks more
I for good home than for wages. Please call or ad-
j dress 819 Vallejo hi. l :
A WOMAN OF 1 EXPERIENCE WISHES
offices to clean; good references. Address
I 1207 Market st
G" ENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 3, 1007 Market.
I RKSS3IAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENT
! XJ by the day, or will take work home; uses Mc-
Dowell, system; terms reasonable. Apply 653
i-oisom si.
I "I7URST-CLASS HAIRDRESSER AND MaNI-
I X I cure wishes- customers at residence. Address
11. D.. box 114, Call Office.
! "YOUNG SWEDISH UIRL WISHES SITUA-
I X tion at general housework. Call or address
1 1135 Florida J . ■ • .--
-j V REFINED CREOLE WIDOW DE-
I -I- sires a position as housekeeper. 917 Market
; st. room 19, second floor.
V YOUNG GIRL JUST FROM IRELAND, TO
do general housework. Call at 26 Ringold st,
be:. Eighth and Ninth, t'olsom and Harrison; no
: postals. -. •-
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
■ \J of housework by the day; references. Apply
at 1342 Turk st., bet. Webster and Flilmore.
U? IN* i !-<!,. HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
; '' Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
51 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable.
. lice bus aim t »;-:-» ; o mid from the lerrv.
SITUATIONS WAKTJiD-JIALE.
HUNTER &^oT,^WlN^i^E~A'NlJ'''jAPA^
XI- nese employment ofllce. 17 Webb st, below
1 Kearny, nr. cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
1 JAPAN AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
; ** best help. 314b Sutter st; tel. Grant 30.
rUIIN_SiS AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Vfaelp; tel. Main 1997. BKADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
ri H J.? i? AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J ofllce: best heln." -m 14. O'Karrell: tel. K. 424
YOUNG MAN OF 30. STEADY AND SOBER,
I X and untiring worker, uood farm, dairy and i
j orchard hand. would like to take care of j
or worK on gentleman's place or ranch: best of
references and security. K. M.. box 61. CalL
"V* IDDLE ■ AGED MAN WANTS - PLACE
iVI • with private family; used to horses, sarden'
and cooking: useful in general: references: wages
moderate. Adaress A. X., box 60, Call Office.
<^ I 0 AV 7 L . Ij ? y - uivk n- To AN V ONE WHO
<?!«. will lind centlemaiilyyoung man from the
: E?.st work of any kind in office or store- not afraid
j of work: can furnish $100 cash securltv if re-
quired. Address Security, box 68, Call Oilfce. r
SCANDINAVIAN WISHES " SITUATION;
O thoroughly understands management of fine
horses, gardening, milking, general work; 10
years on the coast; good references. ' J. N., 416
Broadway, city. - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
SITUATIONS , WANTED- Continued. ,
M~~7D!)l^Atrrlu sT ■( ITCHMAN WhTT^CAN
cook, do housework, hang paper, paint, cal-
cimine, handy with tools, lake care of tuck, etc.,
wants a job: umail wages. F. B. 8., box 21, Call.
W ANTED— GOOD MEN TO SOLICIT OS
"i commission; good wages easily made; entirely
new idea: everybody succeeds. Address WISE,
box 64, Call Office^
ri Ov>D CAKPENTi- R WOULD LIKE TO GET
Ijr work: city or country; cood reference. Address
Carpenter, box 149, Call Office. j
■ jARBEKS— SITUATION BY YOUNG MAN.
li Address CARL, box 132, this office.
A MEXICAN, HONEST, TEMPERATE. RK-
A. liable, wants work: used to city driving, light ;
wagon, care of horses, etc. : generally useful in 1
various ways: small wages; reference or security;
personal interview requested. Address S. H., I
414 Ivy aye. - . '
LDERLY HEALTHY MA •, USED TO
kitchen-work, would like have position as
vegetable-man or do any other kind of light work
for his living. Please call P. H. SCHULTZ,
227 Minna st, between Third and Fourth. ■
ARRIED MAN WISHES EMPLOYMENT
in astore or private place the whole or purl of
day: can handle a team and willing to do any-
thing in or about the house. Address P.., box 121,
Call Ofllce. ' ■ . .-. . " -
ENGINEKR: STATIONARY AND LOCOMO- ]
tlve; all-round machinist: can do plumoing, I
blacksmithing, pipe-fitting: wants work: moderate I
wages. Address W. H-, box 18. Call Office. |
SITUATION wanted by AN experi- |
enced grocery clerk: German: has rirst-class
references: city or country. Address Clerk, 221
Golden Gale aye.
/"I ARDENER AN MA N ABOUT THE PLACE ;
VI understands horses, milking and general work:
references. Address Gardener, box 18, Call Office.
V MAN AND WIFE, WITH 2 CHILDREN
aged 8 and 6 years, positions in winery: man
do cooperage, repairing, work on ranch or care for
horses; wife good cook. Call or address 1126
York st.
oy Wants situation to learn a
trade. Please write L. 8.. 230 Minna st
0 ELLA KM AN WITH FIRST-CLASS REFER-
\J ences wants position; city or country. Address
E. W., box 15, this office^
I \\T INEMAKER, WITH 8 YEARS' EXPERI-
» » ence and first-class reference, wants position.
Address E. A., box 84, this office.
ITUATION WANTED AS GARDENER, LAB-
O orer, vegetable garden or to take care of horses.
Inquire 728 Chestnut si., Oakland. " ■ ■
ELDERLY' GERMAN, SOBER AND RELl-
able, willing and used to any kind of work,
wishes situation : city or country; best references.
Address M. M., box 96. Call Office.
SJT.-.ADY YOUNG MAN D. SIRES SITUA-
-0 tion to make himself useful on private place;
understands care of horses, cows aud garden: Is
willing and obliging: first-class references. Ad-
dress S. G.. box 85, Call Office.
r OUNG MAN, SPEAKING FRENCH AND
X Spanish, wishes posUionof any kind. Address
D. D.. box 68, Call office.
BUTLER SITUATION WANTED: TllOR-
oughly experienced. E. H.. box 15, Call Office.
HAMPOOER SITUATION WANTED. G. S.,
box 15. Call Office.
pOMPETENT MAN WISHES PLACE AS
\J foreman on farm or stock ranch: northern
part of ~tate preferred; married; no children. Ad-
dress G. A. F., Vlsalla, Cal
\\r INCHESTER IluUsE, 44 THIRD, NBA rt
n Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
pOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
V, engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Marketst., S. F., CaL
\\r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
11 Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: irf-r~ bus and bacrnge to end from the ferry.
FK3IA— K HELP WANTED.
pHAMBERMAIDi~COUNTRY HOTE'* $20:
\J woman to cook on small ranch, $10. fare paid; |
waitresses. $15 and $20. MURRAY * READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 clay st
p ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN COOK. $30:
VT setond girl. $25: nurse, $15: 12 houseworK j
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 8 vouh;:plrls I
assist, $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Gutter st. j
ANCH COOK, $20. MISS CULLh-N, 3-3
XV Sutter st
pHAMBERMAID, $15. miss cullen, 323
\J Sutter st. 1
p ERMAN OK FRENCH NURSERY GOV-
XX erness, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
"VTEAT, REFINED SEAMSTRESS. $15, AND
i.l child 6 years. . MISS CULL.KN, 323 Sutter st.
OOK. BOARDING-HOUSE, $35.^M1SS CUIr
LEN, 323 Sutter st
EAT HEFINED GIRL, LIGHT HOUSE-
XJ work, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st
FRENCH SECOND GIRL, $25. MlteS CUL-
LEN. 323 Sntter st.
MAN AND WIFE, RESTAURANT, $25; i
woman as waitress; man to assist in kitchen. !
MISS CULLEN, 3-3 sutter st
SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN HOUSE" '
C 1 work girl, $30. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
THIRST-CLASS COOK, PRIVATE FAMILY',
J 2 persons, se" party here at 10 o'clock, $30: I
German or Scandinavian second Kirl and sew, pri- I
I vate ff.mily, Oaklnnd, see party here. $20 to $25; j
■ Scandinavian nurseglri, 1 child, live at hotel, '
; country, see party here, $16; 10 Scandinavian or
I German housework girls, $25. $20, $15; 6 Ger- :
| man and Scandinavian emigrant girls, $12 to $15; I
10 young girls, light housework and care ot chil- '
j dren, $15. $12, $10. C. R. HANSEN * CO., 110 i
! (ieury st.
"WAITRESSES, SAME COUNTRY HOTEL, I
near city, $15. easy place: waitress restaurant,
city. $16 and room: waitress, country hotel, $20; ;
chambermaid and waitress, hotel, city, $20. C. R.
HANSEN A C 0. ,110 Geary st
"I RONER FOR TYLER MACHINE. COUNTRY
J ho el laundry, $30. C R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st
Vy ANTED— 2 FRENCH IRONERS, $26 TO
'» $30:3 French L'frls for housework. $20 and
$15: second girl, boarding- house, $20; girls for i
housework and assist. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stock- '
ton st.
CHAMBERMAID FORTKUCKEE, FARE AP- :
\J vanced: waitress for small res'aurant; young '
girl for small . restaurant, 810 to $13 and room:
chambermaid and wait one meal, $20 and room;
head waitress, $25 and room: family cook. $30
etc. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
VJ various positions. . German Employment, 306
Mason st.
T?OR BERKELEY, GIRL FOR GENERAL
-T housework; good cook: wa?es $23; family of 4
adults. Call at office, 806 Market st, room 124;
references required.
IRL TO DO HOUSEWORK FOP. SMALL I
family: wages $10: German preferred. Apply '
1025 Lav una at, near Turk. ;
IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK; I
r small family; references; $8. 1915 Devlsa-
dero st.
W ANTED— ONLY A FIRST-CLASS OPE^
11 rator on corsets; high wages; Singer sewine-
machlne used; run by electric nower. 1388 Market
•yOUNG GIRL FOR DOWNSTAIRS WORK
X and cooking; good wages. 1207 Gough st., 8
o'clock.
■VTOUNG GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL TO
-I- assist general housework and cooking. 1620
Geary st.
IRL. NOT TOO YOUNG, TO ASSIST IN
housework; 3ln family: wages $12. . Call be-
tween 11 and 12, 620% Hayes st. ■
\\r AN TED-YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH
11 children. 1217 Webster st.
V OUNG GIRL: LIGHT housework:
X sleep at home. 14 Eugenia aye., opp. Thirtieth. !
GOOD GERMAN CoOK; REFERENCES; I
small family; call to-day. 1814 Washington. |
IRL, OVER 18, FOR CANDY-STORE. 706
Valencia st.
"VrUkSEGIRL WITH CITY REFERENCE.
1> Apply 936 Halght St. .
ANTED— A GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
ii work. 1017 Fair Oaks st, bet 26th and 26th.
"RESPONSIBLE WOMAN: A GOOD CONVER-
JLV aationlst preferred. Add. L. L., box 18. Call.
WANTED-SCA"NDINAVIAN~bR~GERMAN
girl for general housework. 1909 Pine st.
fpAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATa 659 MAR-
X ket st. ■ . ■
IRL FOR KITCHEN; WAGES $10: SLEEP
at home. 604 1, ;: Gear}* st. ■
ANTKH — IRONERS; modern LAUN-
dry. 385 Eighth St. -
"V OUNG GIRL To ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK:
X small family. 2828 Busb St.
PKRAIORS ON FLANNEL OVEKSIIIRTS '■
>nd underwear. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32y a
iremontst. ' ' ■ .' - —
pIKL OR WOMAN TO DO HOUSEWORK:
XX kind to children and 'understands work; t-lrep
home; $12 to $15. Apply 1513 Post st, between
10 and 12 a. m. |
AIK-DKESSINO: manicuring LESSONS i
glyen Miss DOYLE. 21 Powell st, 105 9th.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH LIGH"T
X housework and baby. Call 530 Jersey st
V OUSG.VKIUIAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. 336 ayes st •
%V ANTED— TAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS.
. »» 509 V* Natoma st. ...._■
\\' ANTED— COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL
11 for cooking and housework. 824 Grove st
1 ADIES TO SELL MY TOILET SPECIAL-
■I-i lies; can learn balrdressing, manicuring and
beauty culture free. MRS. M. J. BUTLER, 131
I Post st. '.: '.
HAIKDRES*ING. 250 AND 36c: MORNING"
and eve classes: 10 lessons.* l 60. 124S Mission.
PUPILS you MILLINERY CLASS FORMING
X this season: thorough end practical; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: rates reasonable or in payments.
Miss Daisy llaake. 14 Chuttarooga st, betweeen
Twenty-first and Twenty-second. . : ■
4r»HE MCDOWELL, LARGEST AND BEST, IN
} X fact the only . first-class, dressmaking school on
the coast. Patterns 25cup. ti3t> Market st .
TnvVNN's DRESS-CUT TING SCHOOL: TUES-
:X: days free:.2 to 3.' 14 McAllister, room 67. '
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
' Winchester House, 44 Third et., near Market:
L 0«) rooms: - 25c to $1 60 i>er night; $1 50 .to $6
per week: lree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HJELP WANTKD.
IiZA mkm wanted to-day from $15 to
""7 $95 p»>r month and found; 300 hop-pickers;
20 tie-makers. 8c each; 10 farmers, $20 and $25;
6 laborers, $-j6 ana found, near cfty: 2 sand team-
sters: choreman for vineyard. $15: whoreboy for
ranch, $X, se<- bOtt here- "derrick forker. if 2 a day.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
agents, 634 anil 6i>6 Hay st
p ARDENKUT PRIVATE FAMILY. $20, SEE
VT boss litre: baker, country shop, $30; second
baker. $25 nnd found: barber, country shop: 5
cooks: 3 waiters: 2 dishwashers: second cook, city.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Uay st.
rr HKEE FlRsj-CLASS WAITERS WITH
■•■ dress suits for country hotel, $31); baker, $80,
and dishwasher. $20, fora miners' boarding-house:
second cook, country hotel, $30; 2 waiters for an
institution, $'J5; Spanish waiter hote!, $25: Ironer
on Tyler machine, hotel laundry, $30; dishwash-
ers, vegetable men. Kitchen men, etc. CR. HAN-
SEN A CO.. 110_Oeary_st.
9f\ FRUIT-PICKERS, 75C DAY AND BOARD.
_U C. it. HANSEN' & CO.. 110 Geary st. ■■'--■■■■i
AILItOAD LABOR TO GO NORTH; RE-
XVduced fare; no fee; we ship first of next week.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st
1 0 COLORED EXTRA WAITERS FOR COUN-
X\J try hotel to start Monday: free fare both
ways; no office fee. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st . . . ;..-•■
\ \ A NTED— BARBER FOR COUNTRY SHOP,
11 nice place, $45 and found; neat boy, learn
waiting, country hotel, $15 and found, fare ad-
vanced; 3 experienced apple-packers, large or-
chard, $23 to $28 and board ; 2 y ounj< men, small
ranch near city, $16 per . month; 20 men to pick
grapes, pull beans, etc., $19 50 to $20 per month
and board stenographer and typewriter for large
ranch, $30 and found, only young man wanted,
and 60 others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
ANTED— STENOGRAPHER AND TYPE-
-11 writer; young man not over 20, for a large
farm In California: salary *30 per month, with
board, room, etc. : fare paid. Apply, with refer-
ences, in person only, to W. D. FWER&CO., 626
Clay st
\»r ANTED— SEVERAL GOOD BUTLERS,
" city and country, $30 to $50: cook, plain
restaurant $10 to $12 a week: night cook, $7 a
week; dishwasher, boarding-house, $15 and room:
Japanese dishwasher. L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
AITER, $80 AND ROOM; BELLBOY, $15
and room; 3 dishwashers: Japanese boy for
chamberwork, $15, room, etc.; errand-boy; boy to
wash dishes: elderly man for chorlng. etc. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st _______________
p EKMAN OR AMERICAN VINEYARDIST,
"I winemaker and cellarman; sma'l vineyard;
married man preferred. Apply at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny sU .
HP RAVELING SALESMAN FOR GENTS' FUR-
X nlshing goods is wanted by a first-class home:
persons holding certificates in U. S. Industrial
Agency or others can apply. Room 165, Crocker
building. .
ITIHREE FIRST-CLASS CLOTHING SALES-
X men. Apply at once, H. ROMAN A CO., cor.
Fifth and Market sts.
WANTED-PLUMBER, TAILOR, BARBER,
II groceryman, to rent fine stores. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market st ____
/CLOTHING CUTTER WANTED. 20 SAN-
\j so s!. _ -
CLEANER FOR DYEHOUSE. GOLDEN
\J Gate Dye Works, 342 McAllister st : .
VUANTKD- PLAYERS for ALREADY OR-
-11 ganized amateur band. Address 3502 Mis-
sion st , . '".
jj ARBER WANTED. 1409 VALENCIA »T.
EAMEN FOR BRITISH COLUMBIA AND
Aus: raila at once. 10 Steuart st, upstairs.
ANTED— PRESSMAN ON FINE CUSTOM
'I pants. 923% Folsom st, early.
IRST-CLASS BOOTBLACK. 107 POWELL
street
OOD COOK WANT— D. 163 THIRD ST.,
others not needed.
BOYS, FROM 15 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE,
wanted. Apply 200 Suiter st
DISHWASHER. 405 PACIFIC ST., NEAR
Sansorae.
QUO-MAKER WANTED. 202 SECOND ST.
O ' . ..»■..- ;
/ i ERMAN GIRL WANTS AN INDUSTRIOUS
' 1 man as partner with $160 capital In first-class
delicacies, butter, eggs, smoked meat, cigars and
Stationery store: will guarantee $50 and board
each by doing onr own work. Apply at the place,
204 Fourth st, irom 9 to 4.
\\T ANTED— A GOOD GRAVEL AND PLACER
• 1 miner: one who has had practical experience-
Address, with reference. M., box 43, Call Office.
WANTED — A FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN;
ii well acquainted with stoves, eranite ware and
crockery. Apply from 3:3i> to 6p. v. 623 Market
St.. room 7.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps. -U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 yean;
not less than 5 feet 6 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become* citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
I Recmiiing Office. 20 Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal.
! X ANTED— SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
I »» st. California House.
ARBERS, ATTENTION— GOOD COUNTRY
Xt shop can be bought for $50 down: 2 chain; 2
baths; balance in easy monthly installments: price
$300. Call at OECKELMAN BROS.', 106 Ellis at.
I \\r E WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
'» and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
' Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., K. F.
! VKW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION BET.
I — 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16cto
50c;week $1 10 $2 50 ; reading-room strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night
\\r ANTED- MEN IO Lt.ABN BARBER
II trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent 8. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard.
ANTED— GENTLEMEN TO TAKE SUNNY
furnished rooms, *1 up. 217 Second st.
I W" ANTED— SO MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
IT $1 weeK, 25c night 321 Ellis st; Itosed^le.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 60c.: LADIES, 40c;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace I
1 Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Flnck's.S.F- I
OHO MEN TO SEE BEST VARIETY SHOW
*J\J\J in town; steam, 10c bottle. 120 Grant aye.
(CLOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
J shoes at 30c on the $1 ; this week only. 959
Howard st.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X* ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
IJAKBEKS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
XJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
OOMs> 16a xv 76c PER NIGHT: 600 TO *1 50
per week. Oriental. 225 DrummsU
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OK
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
k*.eas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A K>., D«?pt. L. Patent Attor-
! neys, Washlncton, D. C. for their tIbUU prize oH«r
•nd Us: of -00 inventions wanted.
WANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
1 ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes 10 order, $3 50; band-sewea
shoes, $5. 7^6y a Howard st, bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44THIRD ST., NEAR
»' Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
I INUELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
-I ' >ts. ; single lnrnlshed rmi 76c week, 16c night
a-RE_OVKD FROM. 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 6c.
"I I 1/1 M£!k TO TAKE LODGING A.T llic. 15c
i V and 20c a night Including cofle* aud roll.
! tit* Washington st. near Kearny.
BEST IN CITY- -SING' E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 60 per wee—
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
\\J laborers and MECHANICS
" 1 10 know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 160
large rooms: 250 per nigh:-. $1 to $3 per week. .
\\f AN 1 ED— SINULiC ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
1 1 v«ek; rooms for two, S6c a day, $1 60 a week;
reed inf.- room: dally papers. 36 Clay st
.Vi EN IO V__il MANHATTAN STUCK Jb'OOli ;
liJ all grocers keep It
W ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" & clerks. KNOX Collection Ancy. 110 Sutler
WK ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
1" your o'd shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait: ladles' solelng, nailed 35c: men's
soleinc. nailed 60c; machine-sewed 75c.; hand-
sewed 65c.: tine shoes made to order from $2 up;
j we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
j less than one-fourth their value. Tom 25c. up to
8-2 60. 56-.' Mission St.. bet. First it I'd second.
_^^^^ AGENTS WANTED.
EN O R PUUFITS— MEN WANTED IN
J every county on the .Pacific Coast to sell the
I "Lightning Scissors Sharpener": best seller to be
i found; send 25c for sain pin and terms 10 agents.
j Address K. c. STOWE, box 841, San Jose, Cal.
AGENTS; 810 MONEY^LATEST~>ROl•OSl-
_______!____£2E__i___f____!____-__
A GENTS! R Y'A~N. SEW ALL AND FREE
silver; McKlnley, Hobart and protection;
every voter will buy one or the other: do you want
the profit? T. PERSON. Manager Subscription
Department The Whltaker A Kay C 0. .723 Market.
KNISHKII IIOISKS WAMTSD,
A\~ .'. NTED— BY OCTOBER 1, FOR FAMILY
»» ofH'iults and- children, furnished house, 7 or
8 rooms, with lame sunny, yard: applicant re-
sponsible and reliable, able -to give ; security and
references; state location and price. Address F.
11.. box 83, ( .til Office. ■■- - - .:
avantki>-3iisckll.ankous. ■ _
WAN Til) -3 si'XONJDKHAND SH"OTGUNS.
'» Apply 810 Kearny st. -
\\T ANTED— 2 OR 3 HOKSEPOWER GASO-
" line launch. Address Launch, box 15, Call.
RTKSIAN WKLL - BOXERS: MATE
, wanted at 521 Sixth sU
ELLY'OUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st; ! send postal
ELL YOUR books, CLOTH ING and jew-
elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st; send postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JEWEL-
ry. watches repaired. • MIND, 1133 V* Mission.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— A WIFE WITH A KIND Dis-
"» position, by a gentleman of means: to avoid
triflers and agents inclose photo aud 25 cents.
MINER, care of Prof. William, 8 Mason st. San
Francisco. -
/COMPETENT LADY TEACHER WILL GIVE
V. lessons In the English branches .in exchange
for reading aloud. Address Teacher, box 65: Call.
COUTH S. F. MARKET— ALL KINDS OF
O fresh and corned meats. CHAB. FA USER.
1212 Railroad aye. • • .
AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st. Oakland. CaL
TT|R. MYRTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED TO
XJ 1362 a Market st, omce 8, second floor.
LINE WATCH REPAIRING. JEWELRY
* made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
low prices; fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
DVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Marketst
GOLD AND SILVER FIGHTS . DON'T AF-
fect my business; I'll dress the hair just as
skillfully as ever for 25c: have enlarged my estab-
lishment: have you tried "Qulnonia" hair tonic for
dandruff? 35c a bottle. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st . .
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage by United - States Divorce Bureau; lega
everywhere. Address P. O. box 2432. S. F.. CaL
_/l PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
*£t: WERTHMAN Pants Co. 22% Geary street
MRS. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. 101
Grant aye., room 10. - - .-■■•■••
rpHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order, $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and ath.
CONFINEMENTS ATTENDED BY KEGU-
\J lar physician; $15 upward. A., box 98, Call.
MORRIS BERRY, FORMER F REMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone Into busi-
ness wiih H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 46-46; ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order ;flt guaranteed :low prices
BUNKS DELIVERED 25C. BAY CITY
Transfer Company, 244 Sntter; tel. Grant 67.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
ciasses: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Plna.
T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 Market st,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»>rs, etc, removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
"DAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
XVedge put on razor,2sc. Razor Excbze,63oMaricet
"17 EL VET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st, upstairs.
"L>IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> 17 Bight cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic al-
vertisement* hi 11 vine light; promoters of bu*i-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market
LECIRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Xv Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $8 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T IBKIIAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, J_W-
XJ tlry. etc. ; lowest rates. 948 Market st
_D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MAN. 41 3d. cor. Josslo.
. r . - DRK^MAKEKS. __^
DRES-SES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up. 605% Natomast, above Sixth.
/II f*l GEARY— STYLISH DRESSES, $5 UP;
31U2 dresses made over; patterns cut to order.
TYLIBH SUITS. S3 UP: SKIRTS, 75c UP;
fit guaranteed. 659% Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
._ CLAIRVOYANTS.
GITANA, THE GYPSY QUEEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
V.T truthful In her predictions: reliable in her ad-
vice: no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: oflice hours from 9 to 9.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
\t ME. AKNDT. BES I 1 FORTUNE TELLER IN
XiX thH world: 50c and $1, shows picture of -our
future husband or wire. : 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low rices. 866 Mission st
T ADIES ARE Tn~V [TED TO CONSULT MRS.
Ju DR. WALKER, clairvoyant and palmist, 629
Post st
ME. HANSEN. PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th St., r. 5.
ME. L-GETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 25
yn Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
GYPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
VT seventh to 11 Stockton; ladles 25c: gents 50c.
ME. MOKEAU, BKST MEDIUM; REVEAI3
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names civen:'26c up. 5 Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
iiX husband, wife; ladies 25c, 60c 914 O'Farrell.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: ladies, 25c: gents. 60c. 914 O'FarrelL
pONCHITA— CARD-READING, PA T, PREs-
Vy 1 ent and future. ■ 821 Howard »t.. room 15.
SPIRITUALISM.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN 13
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD-
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! "
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast In the ten years pant Is
again at her old office*, 1320 Market street San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
1 write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
! brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
I separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
I poor become rich if you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. ■ Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 _ UPWARD! FEF. $! & "UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1320 Market st, opp. Seventh,
San Francisco. ■ '
RIENDf HIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
MRS. C. J. MEYER holds meetings --un., Mon.'
Thnrs. and Sat; 7:30; dr. Tue., Frl. 2 P. _.; slugs*
EXPERIKNCE MEETING AT MOZART
'j Hall, 1358 Market st., Sunday, 2P. v. Addle
Swains' talk.
ADIES 1 CIRCLE TO-DAY: 2 O'CLOCK; 25c.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 1015 Market st : read-
ings $1. ■
TTET L'RNED— MRS. MAYO STEERS. TRANCE
XX, medium; private readings daily. 1015 Market
st, room 19.
rp EST CIRCLE TO-NIOHT.IOC. MME YOUNG,
1605 McAllister st.: all skeptics invited.
MRS. ISA JULIER, .MATERIALIZING SE-
ance to-night; 50c. 322 McAllister st.
Bl SHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAS-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 daily.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
. writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 p. x.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS, TRaNCE MEDIUM;
Sittings $1 ; circle Tuesday eve 136 Oak.
——————
HYPNOTISM AND^VTTAL MAGNETISM
practically and scientifically taught In 8 les-
sons, a so how to hypno.lze Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science interested In its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute.
6 O'Farrell st. ■
_■'-_■ LOST.
lOST— QN FRIDAY AFTERNOON. AUGUST
■i 28, probably on broad-gauge train from Capi-
tola to San Francisco, In car No. 1398, a gold
monogram, letters 11. A. M. Liberal reward upon
return of same to this office.
• OST->EPT. 1. PAST MASTER'S BADGE. A.
|J o. U. W.; reward given. Return to 515
Eleventh st, Oakland.
LOST— GOLD CHAIN BRACELET. RETURN
.1212 Mission St.; $5 reward.
WHITE AND BROWN WATER SPANIEL
IT dog; named Jim. Reward at 421 Clementina.
STRAYED OR STOLEN— SEPT. 1, .YELLOW
dog, white breast, black, pointed nose; answers
to Jack. Return 3810 Twenty-second street and
receive reward.
OST— ON-MABKh.T OR KEARNY, A GOLD
bar breastpin containing two jewels. Please re-
turn to room 317, Safe Deposit building, and re-
ceive reward. ■ .
OST— SHORT SEALSKIN CAPE AT METRO-
polltan Temple Monday eve.. Finder please
return to this oflice: liberal reward.
T OST— LADY'S SILVER WATCH; HAVES
XJ St., bet Gou?hand Larkin; liberal reward. 317
Gou.-h st. ■ •• ■-■---. •
FOUND. . -.
FOUND— A TANDEM BICYCLE; NEAR
Colma. Owner can have same by proving prop-
erty and paying for advertising, etc., by applying
to P. E. KELLY, agent for San Francisco Call.
Culm*. Cal. • ■■■•.■
. PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
FRANK SHAY, ATTORNEY'-AT-LAW. ROOM
X* 421. fourth floor, Purrott building (Emporium).
OHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
> 'AS and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal. -
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
0 attyg at law, rout 515, 5 1 6, sth floor, Parrott bid*.
BUSINESS CHANCES. _ ;__
<_Qfin restaurant, oyster house;
iS)O\J\J. attractive place; doing Al business;
large, number regular boarders: established 16
years; net income Justifies investment of at least
$1500: owner mad- money and is retiring; at ire
of investigation afforded will - convince any one
who can be convinced that thin Is a genuine bar-
gain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st
rf\f\ CIGAH AND STATIONERY STORE
<tg) I \J\J. near park: building included: suitable
for man and wile. STENBKRG CO., 632 Market.
fljjrnnn SALOON: MARKET ST.: GKAND-
<tJD«JUUV/. est fitted up place on the coast; 2
cash registers, safe, etc. ; large and only Al stock:
low rent: long lease; by bis; odds finest day saloon
in town; more than value insight: bargain offered
this week only; retiring from business reason for
selling. STOCK BERG CO., 882 Market st
mjoor SA~LOON;~THIRD ST., NR. rail-
<Mp__c>. road depot; best location: receipts av-
erage $12: cenutne bargain. STERNB-RG A
CO., 632 Market st. - . ■■'■•-•-.
ffilQAft RESTAURANT AND OYBTER-
LOUU. house; best location: nicely fitted
up; 6 private rooms:" genuine bargain to cash
ouyer: see for yourself: or exchange for real estate.
STENBERG A CO.. 632 Market at . '
OALOON: RESTAURANT ;~26 FURNISHED
0 room* : will sell or exchange for property; rar«
chance to suitable party. STENBERG A CO. . 632
Market St. _____ :
m, or i\ saloon, doing good business.
J^OOU. STENjERG _ CO.. 632 Market st.
flferr- l\ PARTNER IN A FINE- A I
*Jp 4 O\J. business: on investigation it will in-
terest you. LUBELSKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall
avenue.
qzOr^ft CIGAR-STORE; SEE IT IMMEDI-
«3)_tjU. ately: best bargain offered in San Fran-
clsca-LUBELSKI A CHASE. 7 City Hall avenue.
CUT nnfl PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAY-
UUv/. ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man ; the fullest Investigation and trial
if required: object for taking partner is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
m»£»r_f_ PARTNER IN stationery busi-
«4pUUU. ness across the bay; line locality: good
stock and fixtures: only object In taking partner
is to have interested party in the business.
LUBELSKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
ffljanAONE OF TH_ FINEST RESTAU-
<jp • \>\J , rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full investigation;
reason for selling, owner moving into own prop-
erty. LUBELSKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
(Jjl^nn FINE RESTAURANT: ONE OF
<JpUvU. the best locations in city; cheap rent:
receipts $20 per day: this is the besi bargain in
the city; or will trade for good small piece prop-
erty. LUBELSKI A CHASE. 7 CHy Hall aye.
CJI7C CANDY-STORE AND ICECREAM
<£> I I O. parlor; railroad station, Oakland; first-
class paying. WILKE A WOLF, 631 California.
Oil P\fin CORNER BARROOM: . LAiiGE
«IP ItIUU, patronage: kept by owner for 20
years; rent $35. WILKK A WOLF, 631 Cali-
fornia st. -•..;.':. v ~
Sfc — CORNER SALOON: WATER FRONT;
«P"wU. good paying business: stock worth
double the price. WILKE, 531 California st.
1 C\(\C\ COFFEE saloon-, CHOICEST
Vj X\J\.'\i . downtown location: doing large busl-
ness. WILKE A WoLF, 531 California st.
QOf|A SALOON, CALIFORNIA AND
<])Ov/U. Kearny sts.; low rent; first-class pay-
ing place: actual value, $1200. WILKE, 631 Cali-
fornia si.
fflj"! 700 CORNER GROC_KY, BAR; CALI-
«I!?.l. lUU. forniast.: doing large cash business:
rare chance: investigate at once. WILKE A
WOLF. 531 California at-
ffljpinn. -CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
<IPUvV/. living-rooms; rent $30: doing good
business: choice location. WILKIE A WOLF, 531
California st. ---. ■--?.
mo BUY OR SELL, A BUSINESS OF ANY KITSD
X see MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
QOSA RESTAURANT; ' JUNCTION OF
UU. principal street: car lines: regular and
transient trade: doing good business: (sickness),
See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market St. '
$•>"! PER MONTH INTEREST AND A s-
—-L room honse free for an investment of $500,
which buys 2 houses and large stable. MY_,RS
— - AH AM, 777 Market st.
UTCHEKS. ATTENTION —THE FINEST
X> butcher-shop in San Francisco, doing a large
business; this is a bargain that will not last: In-
cluding all the utensils such a place requires: this
business is open for investigation: no reasonable
offer refused. See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777
Market st. . .
<Dt'-l9f\ FINE RESTAURANT AND OYSTER
<tjpO_:<J. parlor; half block from Market su. in
midst of leading theaters and business houses. See
GRAHAM «fc MYERS, 777 Market st
JljjAn RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
«]i)tt\.'v/. and bar; fine stock of liquor and uten-
sils: in the midst or the working class: fu'l inves-
tigation. See MYERS A GRAHAM. 777 Market
DON'T BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS UNTIL
yon have seen GUS STRAND, 46 Third at
p ROCERY AND BAR: FULL VALUE IN
VJ sight; pays well; good room: bargain, this
week. See GUs ST A D, 45 Third st
SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE : WELL-
titted-up building, Including long lease; great
sacrifice. See QUs STRAND, 45 Third st.
OTEL TO LEASE FOX A TERM OF YEAKS;
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. lor fur-
ther particulars apply to s. SILV-RBERG, 321)
Kansome St.. room 39.
OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST EBTAB-
llshed liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a tine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M., box 100. Call Office.
¥Tla fruit and VEGETABLE STORE;
1 O\J. rent $17; bargain. SKIFF, 921 Market.
<Q 1 OP. BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY AND
J — 'J- notion stpre; 3 rooms; rent $16; north
Market; finely fitted. SKIFF, 921 Market st
T GREAT SACRIFICE. ... :
A large and complete stock of human hair
switches, front pieces, wigs, fancy goods and fix-
tures, formerly the property of MRS. HUBBARD.
Inquire at DAVIS. HABER * CO. 'B, all Pine st,
or a: 1310 and 1312 Market st
BICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP;
well established; good location: full line o;
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanlzer: opening
for machinist. 1113 Market st
ARE CHANCE— FRENCH LIQUOR-STORE;
XV principal corn of city old established; doing
good, steady business: must be seen to be apire-
elated; sold account of old ace. L. S., box 16, Call.
<J> "7(\f\ FOR SALE— FIKST-CLASS SALOON
«JP I \J\J. in wholesale district; no night or Sun-
day work; a bargain: principals only ; good cause
for selling. Address Saloon, box 99, Call Office.
FOR sale— bakeky and VARIETY
store surrounded by schools and factories: 6
rooms attached: low rent with lease: owner goes
to Europe; no agents. Inquire at Call Office.
fll* I O(\f\ RESTAURANT; A PICK-UP; >.S-
-<Jpl _V'l/. tablished 15 yean; a good business;
reason for sale, retiring: investigation given;
make offer. Apply 29 Sixth st
■%!/■ ANTED— AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN AS
»T partner with $200 In beat-paying cash busi-
ness: no liquor; will clear $60 each by doing oar
own work. 1107 Folsom st.
RUG STORE ON INVOICE AND IN NICE ;
li cation; fine chance for a physician or young
druggist; small but complete. Address D. S., box
152, Call Office.
i_iorA/> WILL BUY HALF-INTEREST IN
(JOi)uU one of the best paying hotels In the
city: investigation Invited. Address S., box 52,
Call Office.
"PARTNER WANTED— AGOODTALKER FOR
XT the fain: a big money-maker; capital $50.
X Ray Co., 113 Taylor, room 6. from 3 to 6 p. m.
AKERY, CANDY, NOTION-STORE; GOOD
location; bargain. Address A. 8., Call Branch
Office, 339 Hayes at.
01. I -rv WELL-ESTABLISHED RESTAUR-
J «JU. ant for 11 years; near City Hall. 824
Larkin st
iL'Ul\h RESTAURANT AND 6 ROOMS UP-
Ot)UU. stain; fine location. DECKER, 1020
Market at. ' -. ■ ,
DELICACY STORE AND GROCERY; GOOD
business: near large school; no opposition;
snap: make offer at Call office. .
L OR SALE, AP^c ANDY-STORK AND
I icecream parlor, with all fixtures for manufac-
turing. 2413 Mission st. . '
{.or AVERAGE WEKKLY NET 'lISCOME
jJpOc) $250 Invested: safe, conservative; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. 1.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. « OWAN BUYS
>rV stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15, 26 Montgomery.
(j; 1 ,AA HALF- INTEREST IN WEL~II
C IUUU. paying brewery, near city, no experi-
ence required. Address S., box 60. call office.
1/<OR SALE — FIRST-CLASS CORNER SA-
J: loon, with furnished rooms r part on time. In-
quire Milwaukee Brewery, 432 Tenth st
0_ 1 ".A ■ CIGAR-STORE, WHOLESALE DIB-
-<SXO\J. trie : full value in s:ock: good busi-
ness; rent $20. 26 First.
EWSPAPER KOUTE IN INTERIOR CITY!
I close to Ran Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. Kr * I
GOOD CASH BUSINESS: APPLY AT ONCE."
■ T. K. ANDERSON, 1118 Broadway. Oakland:
GOOD CASH BUSINESS. '• APPLY AT ONCE,
T. A- ANDERSON. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS RETAIL " LIQUOR
t&U\J\J. business: a fine chance. 230 Third st.
PARTNER IN BTORAUE AND FURNITURE
X. business: small capital. . 410^ McAllister st.
STOCKS OR 81 ORES BOUGHT; CASH-
O short notice. 1087 Mission St., basement, left!
FOR SALE-EX A ROUTE IN CEN-
J ter of Oakland. HILL, 1148 Chester st.
A LOON AND 2 ROOMS TO LET. . 8.9
Howard st.
T^OR SALE-FINE CIGAR-STAND. OWNBR,
-*- 311 Bush st. .
MICE X A LOON FOR SALE CHEAP. 817
-Li Kearny st. •
ae^X CIGAR-STAND. 131 EDDY ST.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR . 5 ; CENTS _ THB
. .WEEKLY- CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOBSES FOB SALE.
'^TyROOaTIHOIFsE: CLEARING $100.. ..51000
OU 24 room*: new and g00d...:.: 50J
6 rooms auc' bath: rial; worth $500 2*25
30-room house: $500 cash, bal. payments..". IHOO
22 rooms: corner house; new 1700
14 rooms; boarding-house; 40 boarders 12.V)
90 rooms: guaranteed to clear over $150.... 370')
ID-room house on Sixth st. 400
Hotel aud rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C. DECKER &"CO., 1020 Market
st, opposite Filth.
C*tif\n LODGING, house: GREAT BAR-
•3SOUU. gain; "5 rooms near Market and Fifth;
first floor occupied as offices; eood furniture;
worth 81200. Apply 917 Market St.. room 2.
CO-ROOM HOUSE TO LET, NEAR BALDWIN.
d£ SPECK ACO , 602 Maricet st. ' v
POKNEH LODGING-HOUSE: 32 ROOMS*
\J well furnished: rented. STRAND, 46 Third.
f"> CRN ISHED HOUSE 6 ROOMS AT SACRI-
X fice: 2 rooms rented. 620 Lar^iu st.
Cj-irrv 7 FURNISHED RO MS:ALLK_AT-
«rJ.«.»I/. cd. ' 403 Stevenson St., cor. Fifth.
OUSE 11 ROOMS FOR SALE; CHEAP.
Call 233 Third ;. no postals.
Q{\ HOUSES; $300 TO $8000. PHELPS _
O\J CO., 917 Larkin st
ARGAIN: FINE WELL-FURNISHED
house; 20 rooms; steady, wel.-paylng. respect-
able class of patronage. 25 Ninth st. ; no agents.
1 -r\ rooming houses from $250 to
X<)U $10,000. See UNDERWOOD _ CO 765
Market st. •
FURNITURE FOX SALE.
TTIIRE SALkI ~>~~ •— ~_
T " Prices stand UU goods are completely dls- '■
' pO36Q Of.
Oak bed sets..... statin
B^nge,..:::::::::::;::;;:::::;:::;:;;:;;;;^^,
Stoves Zi?.
carpets, per yardr.:;;;;;;;;;".";;"";"*.;__: 55
Linoleum, per yard....... 65
Matting, per yard.. m
Till our new building is erected these prices wIU .
stand, llu such time we are conducting business '
at SE. comer Seventh and Mission at*. J.
AOO CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS, $14;
pVV/ stoves, $5: parlor eets, $20: folding-beds,
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOX
lowest prices on household goods. ut.v or
new : ca«h or time, open evenln*;'*.
FURNITURE WANTED. ~"
,---,-,^^ LJV ,
/-\FFICE FURNITURE— WILL PAY HIGHEST
\J price* for second-hand office desks or taSa
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st :
rpo SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVERS!' c.IN.'J69 Howard st. ;send postal
UCKINGIIAM FURNITURE Co! PAYS
highest price" for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st. . ...
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNt-
X tnre and merchandise see BtTRD, 211 Larkin.
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
. est caah prices for furniture and merchandise*
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Anc Co.. 1057 Market, paya cash
CARPET CLEANING.
3~C > XY^RD"A^ N G^K^T^V^T_R^ r 7SAIvPET'
'' Ceaulng Works. 11 Eighth st
ONES A CO.. MAIN OFFICE 26 AND 27
O Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c; LAYING. 3& : RUGI
\J samples free; tei. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bthst.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Cap-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st : tel. So. 40.
ON KLIN'S CARPET SEATING WORKS. j*£
Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
Un?. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel, !-outh 250. .
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATEU
V like new. FERGUSON _ CO. 23 Tenth; (_,
Booth 3«. p. mackintosh «t co.. successors.
"I E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. Jt(J
0 . 14th st ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74, - !
BICYCLES.
KrY^LET^NTrTA*N^K^inBEiLOW^OST)
to close out stock. W. CRANE, 324 Post st
OWLER AND BEN HUR, $60: BEN HUR
land..-.. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100;
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
LOR SALE— 1896 BIC > CLE: $30.
■T DAVID N. HAWLEY, 318 Market st
IJ ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
J > single wheels. 306 Post st
ARK CYCLERY— WHEELS TO _ET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, _.o<
Allister and Powell st. car lines.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A PAIR OF SOLITAIRE EARRINGS, STEEL
white, perfect, weight 3 karat, cost $500, for
$260 at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
lljfTn DOMESTIC - MACHINE: 3
tJp.IU. drawers: all attachments. 2437 Mission
St., near Twenty-first.
»1C GOOD SHUFFLEBOARD IN GOOD
«IDJ.cI. order for sale. 1100 Kentucky, Potrero.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, shelv-
ing. etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
pOFFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRKB?,
\j stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
A] O. 1 FRESH COW. F.W. HUTCHISON, COR-
i. » ncr Sutter and Claremont aye., TemescaL.
■VTEW '96 BICYCLE CHEAP. 317 THIRD
— " st, upstairs. i
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
X> tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First, st.,
near Mission.
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
$45; Others from $20 up. REVALK, 409 Cal.
OILERS, AND MACHINERY,
X> waterpipea. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beala.
pOUNTERS. SHELVING. SHOWCASES
''bars bought <fc so.d. 1121 Markt.bet 7th A Bth
LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. S. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. BAN FORD, '
415 Washington St. .y?
t) HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— glne; good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st
"~XJILDTNGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
1 ■ doors, mantels, eta, for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE tiIAU MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
lire and burglar proof safe. 103, 111 Market «.
VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECONU*
1\ hand. W. B. RAY Mfg Co.. la California
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
DENTISTS.
pROOME DENTAL^SOCIaTiOnT7S9~MAr"
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, $1 ; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
\)U, LIiDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given,
R. Gh.ORG W. LEEK, TiiE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth,
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
IT>ULL SET OF TEETH, $7.; WARRANTED
X five years; extraction, 50c: fillings, 50c.;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
IKS (-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X 1 prices: first-class results: painless extraction;
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D-, 600 tier
K.L. 1. 1-KAN-— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth wltboos
plates a specialty. a 103 Geary st, cor. Grant ays.
<D»7 A SKT FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
tip * good as can be made: nlllnz $1. Dr. SIMMS,
denttsi. 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
AINLES3 EXTRACTION^ dOc; CROWM
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 np: 13vearV
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S.. Mls^ Geary.
~\ LL WORK TO SUIT TiMES A. BRA Dl
-3- DR. REA, 1870 Market st, trout City Hall.
R. L'UCKETT, 1703 PO.Vf ST., NEAR BO-
cn*nan: gas given; crown and bridge wore.
A^H WORK REASONABLK AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A r_TK DR. _.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk su ' •
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. HOd MA->
) ket M. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
IJ «iat» svH.-oupn fTPnings' sundavt ill! noon.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A^ DVICKIFREE'— DIVORCE LAU's'a^PECT^
- aJty ; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., a;*
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
I^OAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 536 PARROTT
-Li building; consultations free; moderate fees.
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and confidential. X.
G. JEFFRESS, 402 Montgomery St.. room 18.
ADVICFFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS BUO-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market 3u *
WF. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW, SBI PARItOTT
• I • bldg. Practices in all courts ;charges moderate
RW. KING, ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW chron-
JV. Icle olds: advice free: moderate: open evngs.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. 7 C." 6. "VyDOxTrELLTI 2O? M A RKET, COrT
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women » specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years*
successful practice is a guarantee of lair treatment;
lilt! worst cases treated satisfactorily by maiL
>v PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
V? "EVV H^)U^E^U^T~^PEI?E~D7I24V2 GEARY;
J-V full line latest and best: cameras repaired;
Tree dart; room; send for catalo;;. Cal. camera Co.
~~—~~—- TO LEASE.
TrO^^KNT^K^L^ASE^S^vXß^Tlo^r^SEr
. X cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent $50 p«r
month. Address J. «., 427 Sansomft at., S. If.__ HOUWBB TO LET.
">\[\ H ' X ' AV^r^ETTGOUGH AND
— .-n-> octavia— 6 rooms; yard; water free: 811.
YEW MODERN HOUSE. 6 ROOMS; BATH :
--> reasonable; key 455 Tehamasu • ■'
-IT LIBERTY, NEAR VALENCIA, MISSION
XX warm belt; house 8 room* and ba:h; large
yard; cheap. Inquire 706 Ivy aye.
1 707 JONlis ' ST. NEAR BROADWAY — 4
XI"! sunny rooms; rent $14.
V '»■", i At 'i; 1404 AND 1406 CALIFORNIA
wh H >? r - Hyde: 2 fine houses of 10 rooms and
bath in each; reduced from $45: hauav to town.
Srff.^S^?^!^ 0 -: a bargain. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO., ,18 and .'2O Montgomery st.
1 KOM s UTTER-NiCE SUNNY HOUSKOF 10
waTeVlncg; *"* bath; rent $45;
OUSE FIVK ROOMS; IN GOOD ORDER;
rent $8 Corner Greenwich and Kearny sts.
<8»9(\ '-'814 LACUNA ST.; HOUSE 6 ROOMS,
U-.\J. $14—1831 Union, st. ; house 4 rooms.
"VTICKLY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
i-i Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 624 Buum* st.
OUR PKINTKD Livr MAKES HOUSK-
hunting a pleasure; call or send for one.
SHAINWaLD, BUCKBEE _ CO., 218 and _"0
Montgomery su •
HEAP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COR.
/ California and Lagnna sts. . Go see it.
OUBKS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
SPLENDID 12-KOOM HOUSE, 3392 TWENT I *-
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
Ing or private residence: very low rent See It.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~
$11 BAY- WIN OTTAG E~~N eXbTE y"
QXX. new; 4 rooms. 107 Collins St., nr. Geary.
SUNNY MODKKN COTTAGE. b ROOMS AND
bath: large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
9K94. -MISSION-SPLENDID cottage 8
-*{->•—*! rooms and bath; yard; flower garden; $18.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter. Franklin and other streets- get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK. _ CO., 602
Market sk
FLATS TO LET.
t7i"~^SuCT ion IN RESTS: EL ~K<3 XnT
-•> $40 flats reduced to $30 and $20: % month
free: good tenants wanted. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market st. • - -:v ':
ELL-FURNISHED SUNNY UPPER FLAT:
4 rooms and bath; cheap rent; everything
separate and modern. Cor. Park st. and Bianding
aye., Alameda.
QIC N W 8U M V UPPER FLAT OF 5
VfXO. rooms: bath. 2974 23d st, nr. Harrison.
IQQ LILY AVE.— S LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
XOO yard; basement.
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT,
house or cottage, see us: we have some nice fur-
nished cottages to let. LUBELSKI _ CHASE,
7 City Hall aye, '
V" UMBER OF MODERN FLATS: 816, $18. $20.
-_> $25, $35; porcelain baths; latest plumbing.
Apply 11. Scott st.. near Halghu
QAf» LOMBARD, NEAR DUPONT— CHEAP-
OUU est flats in town; 5 rooms and bath; re-
duced to $13: nice order.
F>,M SIXTH, NR. BRYANT— NICE FLAT
* J — x 4 large sunny rooms; $13.
1 7 Aft POST— 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY FLATS:
X I \J\J garden; bath: Sl3 and 16.
s<-7AA TURK— REAR SUNNY UPPER FLAT:
«^— i V all light rooms; rent $12. .
C 7 UP I'h.R FLAT: 4 ROOMS, YARD AND
«. 1 • water; all separate. 1111 Elm aye.
CORNEK MIDDLE FLAT; 419 THIRD ST.: 7
rooms and bath: rent $30. Key at 417 Third.
OWER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
-i near Mason st,: no car fare; healthy: $12.
SU V FLAT 6 ROOMS- BATH: YARD;
cellar; cheap. 3975 -nny, nr. Bancbez.
q<;a lowkr bay window flat: 5
~yj' rooms; hath: modern improvements.
Apply 1118 Green St., bet. Hyde and Larkln
I^URNISUED FLAT; 4 KJOila; Kfc..\T $18.
J 2633 Mission s:. .
FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH.
J 1613 FoUom St.. near Twelfth.
GET OUR PRINTED LIST OF PLAY r.S To
let: will save you lots of time. SHaIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery.
ANTED— 2OO GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
'" from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK _
CO., 602 Market st.
3 SUNNY FIATS; 4 AND 3 KOOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harm n, opp. 18th.
CHOICE SUNNY FLATS: * AND 7 ROOMS;
\J bath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
"L" 1 LA TS TO KK.vr FuK Vii X V LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
"1^ LEG ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
X- low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8.t0g16.
1- I Ol MISSIO - — FLAT 6 LARGE, SUNNY.
'-li-Oi paoered rooms; ba.h; laundry; water
free.
O~j CA FI.NJ3 UPPER CORNER FLAT; 6
. —I.Uu rooms and bath; porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and Baker sts. - ■
1 OA ASH AYE.. OFF MCALLISTER. ABOVE
1 _\J Polk— Sunny lower flat; $15.
1119 UNION— S ROOMS, BATH, $17 60:
11- 1108 Union, 7 rooms, bath. $20: SOI
Union, 3 rooms. 912; 25 Minna. 4 rooms, $11.
'I'REXIH FLAT: 4 J.OOMs, BATH; WASH-
X house and stationary tubs. 3941 Gu rrero st.
T^LAT: 3ROOMS.BATH: NEWLY PAPERED;
X Mission warm belt. 3513 -Ist, nr. Valencia.
"V'ICK UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS: NEWLY
Xi renovated: rent reasonable. 327 Halght su
QI 9 FLAT 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS. 257
Cl-" Dore st., oft Harrison, near Ninth. ':•
- HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Hush street.
9QI Ql BUSH — NEWLY FURNISHED
_-'i7XO2 suite; also light housekeeping rooms;
no children.
Castro Street.
AAT CASTRO (REAR) — 3 NICE SUNNY
*±\JO rooms: large yard; stable: $9.
Clay Street.
9Q07 CLAY — LARGE FRONT ALCOVE
—~k)\J I rooms and front and back parlor.
Eighth Street.
On NINTH -FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
_v/ suites or single: gas or wood stove.
I-illuiore Street.
Q] A 8 LARGE SUN ROOMS TO SMALL
H~<X\J. family. 2212 FUlmore st., near Clay.
1-olsom Street.
C FOLSOM — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
«-)_«J rlshed room housekeeping; $1 75 week.
OCA —SUNNY SINGLE ROOM:
CO\J also connecting housekeeping room; pri-
vate family.
i.oiueu Oat« .iuuuit.
ICin GOLDEN GATE FINELY FUR-
X OX\J nlshed bay-window alcove: complete
housekeeping privllese.s: sun all day: $12.
HoiVHrtl Street.-
I 1 a 9 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
Jli- furnished housekeeping rooms: range;
rent $10. . - -
II A A HOWARD— FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
XX __ rooms: $10, $15: gas: bath.
1 n(\f • HOWARD — 2 ROOMS COMPLETE
iuvU for housekeeping: gas; private family.
1 QAA HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH— B
X O\'U or 4 sunny rooms: cheap.
. Ivearny Street.
5 OR LESS ROOMS. keakny, NEAR SUT-
ter; gas and water free. Api 15 Grant aye.
Lacuna Street. -'.'.;
fJAA LAG UNA — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
«/UU rooms: northeast cor. McAllister and La-
gunasts. - *'..'•*":*..•.■*■
Larkin Street.
(On LARKIN — NICELY i FURNISHED
J_ O sunny rooms for housekeeping: also single.
Lcavciiworth street.
09c LEAVENWORTH — LARGE U'NFUR-
-.—.<) nished front room: American family of
adults: $10. - ■ ■ " ' ■ ■
AlcAU later street.
-1 f\OA McA-LISTEu— TWO LARGE UNFUR-
J \JO _ ntsbed rooms; bay-window; hot and
cold water, and use of bath; rent 810.
illusion •■tree;.
1 QQf> MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
1 --—.-. rooms: complete for housekeeping; gas
and bath.
1 QOA MISSION', NEAR NINTH — LARGE
XOAV sunny front bay-window housekeeping
rooms; $8 and 910 month. . '.
1S:»tom:» Street.
CCS NATOMA— 2 SUITS OF HOUSEKEEP-
OOO ing rooms and yard ; *. 8 and $10 per month.
Norfolk Street. ■
SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHEN IN SEP-
-0 arate building, furnished complete for bouse-
keeping; running water: yard. Call upstairs, 52
NorfolK st., off Harrison, near Eleventh.
Oak Street.
Q>(* SUNNY CORN X It ROOM; FIRST
«J)U. floor; running water; private day home for
children ; large playgronnds. . 48 Oak st.
Octavia Street. V'
1 40° OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY — FRONT
t^ r ' ;> - > bay-window ana kitchen- gas; bath. '
« 1 .ii ici 1 .laic.
9991 O'FARRELL— NICELY FURNISHED
--— **-2 sunny rooms, with kitchen, for bousekpg.
2 LARGE UNFURNISHIiD ROOM 8; SEPA-
r^te entrance; 810 month. 327 O'Farreli
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MAKKKT, OPP. OCTAVIA—
Alcove room and kitchen: well furnished; $15.
:'.'* r South Park.
"I A SOUTH PARK —FURNISHED ROOMS
— V housekeeping: sun all day. *
Stockton Place.
900 ST °C—TON, NE. COR. GEARY— 2 OR 3
-* v " sunny unfurnished housekeeping; cheap.
• Mxth Street.
"I OK SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
J.-JO housekeeping rooms and others.
Tehamn Street. '
AAQ TEH AM A— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
a housekeeping, connected: well furnished.
Wabliinjjton Street.
PLfJO WASHINGTON — SUNNY UN FUR-
c»VJ_ nlsbed housekeeping rooms; runnlrg
water. : 21 EGLKR BKOs.
Miscellaneous.
GEARY, ROOM ROOM AND HOUSE
*-*— <a renting agency; no fee for registering.
ROOMS TO LET.
California Street.
"1 Q9Q CALIFORNIA^NICE PLEASANT
lO_g room tot lady; gas; bath; $8.
Dolores Street. .
CJI O 3 NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
<JP.L_. keeping; fine stove.- 382 Dolores St., nr.
Sixteenth. _■ .
ttltlT Street.
I 1 O EDDY— Y-WINDOW FRONT SUITE;
ilO cheap; other newly furnished rooms: $5 up.
990 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
.__U suites and single; also light housekeeping.
j.i_'i!li sued..
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, r« HTH
0 si., near Market: JurriiHlie.t and unfurnishtKj.
JL.HIH m -cc..
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house: rpntrilly lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot <fc cold wa>r.
091 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOK BEST
O_l lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
*: I f* Ellis— handsome parlors, clos-
•J.iU et, water; other large pleasant rooms; trea-
sonable.
Fulton Street.
I 1 Q FULTON — I NICELY FURNISHED
liO rooms; sunny; gas and bath.
l>e«»ry s» . ees.
Q1 7 GEARY— SINGLE ROOMS FROM $4 TO
OX $6 for gentlemen ; private.
v.0.1. l;ii «a •• Aveuue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE— SUNN Y FRONT BAT-
_J- O window room;' also pleasant single, $5 up.
Ol I* GOLDEN GATK AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
OX U room for one or two gentlemen.
dough street.
1 RAX GOUGH— LARGE FRONT SUNNY
i'Jv/0 alcove room and large sunny room con-
necting: furnished or unfurnished; board op-
tional; private family: reference.
Harrison Street.
NICE SINGLE AND DOUBLE ROOMS, WITH
bath. 416 Harrison st.
Hickory Avenue.
19Q HICKORY AYE.— 3 LARGE UNFUR-
-I+jCJ tiished rooms; 97. Aiply upstairs.
uu»»io ■-. 1 en .
/^9Q HOWARD— SINGLE ROOM;
\J-mO gas and bath: rent reasonable.
1 7RQA HOWARD— NICE SUNNY FRONT
X I OO room for lady with reference; private.
dunes Street.
907 ."ONE*— THE VAN WnrJCtiK: SEW
—*yj I management: elegant ninny suites and
>.intr>: newly furnished: bath, etc.: »lo to *M\.
On I JONES — KLEGANTLY FURNISHED
•Jul sunny rooms:suite or single : private family
i- «-_rnr sirva..
9Q Y-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
-•O terms reasonable: quiet house. ,
QA X A R N V— WiCLL-FURNISHKD FRONT
O\J sunny suite; single rooms; electric lights.
\ KLINGTUN HOUSE, 127 KKARNY —
-TV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first
class in every respect: terms reasonable.
i.-il£/»t. Siioa.. . . .
pUSTEI?, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— KIN-
\J gie front rooms and suites, 50c to $1 50 per
night; S3 to $6 per week; offices to let. y
VOSESIJTR HOUSE. 1045 IIAKKKT~ri.It
J. jns-ht. Ssc to *1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families. ;
V Martha Place.
MARTHA PL..OFFGEARY, ABOVE MASON .
U large room, with stove, $7: single room, $5 mo.
Mason Street.
990 MASON— FURNISHED SUNNY
*• — O rooms, from $10 up. -
99-: MASON, COR. O'FARRELL— NICELY
— — furnished sunny rooms: en suite or single.
— limit Mreet.
najj MINNA, cor. EIOHTH-NEWLY FUR-
yjyj I nlthp<l buy window rooms; $1 per week.
■ _u»t>lon street.
n-\ O MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
\JXO rooms; 15c to 50c per night: $1 to 92 week.
1 99Q MISSION— SUNNY FRONT SUITE-
I^-O well furnished; - private family; ref-
erence* exchanged.
o'_-urrell Street.
C9Q O'FARRFXt— NICE ROOM- FOR GEN-
O—.O tleman In private small family; good home.
71 A O'FARKELL— NICELY FURNISHED
I X\J back parlor: terms moderate,
Cl A C'FARRELL— B LAKGK SUNNY FRONT
OX \J rooms: gas and bath; unfurnished; cheap.
Pine Street..
£1 1 PINE— 3 SUNNY ROOMS: *4, $5 AND
\JXX $10 per month; for gentlemen.
Post Street.
99Q1 POST— NEW HOUSE; NEWLY FUR-
—<•—• nished; rent reasonable; '-The Domus."
A-\ O POST-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
HO rooms. ■-.-:
Powell Street.
9 1 9-21 4 'P O W„L _ »• (WILLISFORD>—
_ I-. tlreiy renovaiea tbrongbout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
99c POWELL ( OH. GEARY— SUNNY ROOM
----■*-' newly fur., $8: also large sonny cor. room.
Prospect Place. '
1 90 PROSPECT pl.— single front fur-
X —iO 1 lshed room with German family; $5 mntb.
em 11 Street.
I At) SEVENTH-PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
J-tt-J honsegeeplng: also single rooms. ;
Mxth Street.
II HIXTH-THE SARATOGA: ELEGANT
X J O suites »3 50, $5 week; single $1 50 $3 week.
Sixteenth Street.
SIXTEENTH, COR. HOWARD—
— q\J£d large sunny front room: furnished; $6.
Stevenson Street.
A(\Q STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH-FURNISH-
. -VO ed rooms to suit. ■
U 9?l STEVENSON— (HEAP SUNN FRONT
"-■" rooms: single or donble. -
pO-OPERATIVE HOUSE. B*9 STEVENSON—
\J Rooms clean and cheap: reading-room.
697 STEVENSON — FURNISHED ROOM;
W—i I chap: respectable lady wanted; can nay
part rent In worK If wishes.
Stockton Street.
■VTEW PYRNEE HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
-' Front suites: single rooms; bousekpmgscheap.
t»»i»er >creu;.
QAQ SUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO 91 26 to $10 wk: night 2 So to $1 60: transl.
m BUTTER - HANDSOME ROOMS AND
_ suites, newly furnished; rates reasonable.
7AQ SUTTKH. COR, TAYLOK — ELEGANTLY
I I/O newly furnished sunny rms. ; suite or single.
I 1 4Q SUTTER. CORNER POLK — - OR 3
AXTI>..J connecting trout rooms, over Wakelee's
drugstore, suitaUo for doctor or any other bust-
ness.
1 1AR SUTTEK - COR. TOLK-SC.NKY ROOMS;
XXrzU nicely furnished: light housekeeping.
Baylor street.
IAQ TAYLOR— DOUBLE AND SINGLE
XXJiJ rooms for gentlemen: 82 and $1 50 a week.
r](»TAYLOK-NEWLV FUKMBHKD SUN-
OXU ny single and double rooms: private family.
. Tenth Street. . •". ~~
m TENTH — LARGE SUNNY CORNER
bay-window rooms; also unfurnished;
housekeeping. ■ ■ - ' ■ - -'
l'urk_Mreet.
1 A TURK-NICE SUNNY DOUBLE FRONT
il/ room private family: $9.
\un 2te>M Aiclinti. .
909 VAN NESS AYE. - 2 ELEGANTLY
— •)— furnished front, rooms, bright aud sunny;
815 each. --■■-■■--!
TYPEWRITERS.
riALIORAPH, $15: KEMINiiTON, $35. SCOTT
\J & BANN AN, 333 Montgomery su
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
Q^U^NY^FRONT^ROOM, W IT_~BOARS7"IN
O private family without children; reasonable
for a little girl or yours lady. Apply Call office.
A 1 *) EDDY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
— X£ parlors for 4 young men; good board; $20
each. • ..
"I -. On CALIFORNIA — PLEASANT SUNNY
.JL«J_U parlors; newly furnished; other rooms;
board optional.
♦JAQ JONES— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
OU«7 rooms, suite or single, with board for 2; $50.
ASTLE CKKST, BELVEDERE, MA KIN
County— A party of 5 or 6 can be accommo-
dated with pleasant rooms and excellent board ;
home comforts: great reduced rates; 45 minutes
from city. .'
•7H9 O'FARKELL— IN A REFI.\_I> HOME
I \J—* newly furnished sunny front rooms: tab:e
first class: terms reasonable.
QAQ VAN NESS AYE.— DESIRABLE SUNNY
OUO rooms; first-class table board; reasonable
O POST— 2 NICELY FUKXISHKD LARGE
—• rooms, suitable for 2, with board ; $20 each.
OThL BKltT_.\O. '1 14 _Cs>li — A FAMILY
hotel: references tiiveu -uU iLMulxed: _v _icM-
< 1-! convenient*—.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ' ~7~
ADY OF EXPERIENCE, WISHES CHILD
i to board: personal attention; mother's care;
healthy location: large grounds. 2519 Col, eye
aye.. Berkeley, CaL . '
IDOW ITH COMFORTABLE HOME
wants child to board best care. 829^ suiter.
\\T ANTED— CHILDREN TO BOARD IN
■' pleasant home; best of care. Call or address
1819 Webster st.. Alameda.
TOCKTON LADY WOULD LIKE TWO CHIL-
O dren to board; location healthful. Address
47 North Grant st.. Stockton. Cal.
STORES TO LET.
TOHFISFTWO LTvTNG^ROOMsi fTnE
chance grocer. 452 Haight st.| ,
STORE, WITH 3 ROOMS, NE. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. and Webster st. ; choice location for
drugs, ore. . .
L TORE; GUERRE AND TWENTY-THIRD
O sts. ; concrete cellar; built for druggist; best In
Mission for drugstore. -
CTORE; VALKNCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
*-- sts.: choice location: adapted for shoe or dry-
goods store
OFFICES TO juET.
OPRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
0 Elegant snnnv ofiices. $12 50 up; electnc-U.ht:
beating and ?h.nltor service free. Apply at building
____ H. UMBSKN Jt CO.. 14 Montgomery »t.
EDUCATIONAL.
M^^K^T^i^LvlLllK^N^YlJ^RT^^P^r^S^
vocal music, piano, elocution, practical Shaken
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday, 8 F. If.; $1.
PAN FRENCH, ETC. ;PrOf.DK
Academy of Languages,32o Postst:estab'd 1871
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery St.; individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta ;
life scholarship $50: 1 w rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
O College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: -NGLIsn
literature; letters written. MISS FAGEN, 427
Sutler st.
OICE CULTURE, ELOCUTION AND DKL-
sarte taught thoroughly; 250 lesson. 749 Fol-
som st. '
4 LMA E. HYER; PIANO, MANDOi.IN BAN-
jM. jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough Instruction
"OOOKKPNO, WKITNO. ARITHMTC. GKAMrt
JL> day d: ni--ht: nnclaises: $5 month. 845 Mission
ROK. LOUIS MERKI: VIOUN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
UITAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS.S9 Fifth.
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es piano,Blnglng,French:s3mo. X.1 4, 1002 Polk
VI R. & M KS. KOL \NI ER. TEACHERS MAN
I'ldolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market St., opp. Mason
LA SCO's LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
• ' Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. K. 6 and 12, 1. O. o. F. block, 7 1 h and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 chanical engineering, surveying, architectnre-
assay : estab. '64. VAN DISK N A I L i . E N , 72 M kt,
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OP
X violin guitar, mandolin, irr.io. 1707 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A4-stor BUILD INO i To r n e it ov
Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
»3, $4. $5, «6. $7. $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
$25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about s.-.me pavment h ? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included: no charge for drayage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY _ CO., cor. Kearny. and Sutter sts.. also
Oakland, Cal.. Portland, Or., »ttle. Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for the Pacific Coast. "
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
pano business, my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small; I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 626 Haves St.. between
Octavia and Lacuna, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly ; as I buy tor cash and In carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music bouse in San Franclsca
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
A CARLOAD STB I C 1 I. V FIKsT- CLASS,
high-grade-, up-to-date pianos, all modern im-
provements, guaranteed the equal In every way of
any piano made, on monthly payments of $5; no
such oiler ever before made by any house handling
reputable makes; ea<-h instrument fully guaran-
teed: fine stool and cover with each; delivered free
anywhere in this city and kept iun<d by expert
concert tuners. Call and see for yourself at 111K
F. W. SPENCER CO.- salesrooms, 933 Market
St.. opposite Mason.
AGNIFJCENT STEIN WAY upright and
Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
qj7~ BARGAIN; STKINWAY PIANO, KX-
<JP I O.ceilent order;ea«y terms. 221 Leavenworth
C ILKA RAN SALE— IIAINES, KNABE~a"n"S
/Hush and Gen's pianos; clearing-out ' prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO., 324 Pos. st,
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR" CA.-IL
VJ BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hloernla Bank.
BARGAIN— DECKER &SON UPRIGHT, $liso.
MAUVAIS, 769 Market St. .
H_ 1 r\fi BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
<i&X.U\J. ton make piano. BKUENN'S, 228 I'ost.
\\T c;. badge k. SOL?: agent FOX 11ALLET
' » .& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 .sac' to
HiCKhlll.Mi, KNABK. STKCK.VOSK, BTKK-
ling pianos; see our n?w piano for $187: planoi
:or renu BKNJ. CUKTa/. * son. IB O'Farrell.
VKON Ai acii v. MjH POST tsT HOHMKtt,
XJ Newbr A Evany Urines i.mi oUiit pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLOANKW
7 H. Mtl.LKlt maker, fi-nalri-r '- l.ail.Hrn t>l-ca.
MORSES.
pi(\ HEAD DRIVING AM)WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 170 Whs. 862 Howard st. '
LEI BOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 600 sET.-i
of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you ran buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister sU. S. F.
Icn SETS NEW AND bKCONIi AN D HAH-
XU\J ness, all kinds; wagons. Daggles, surruyi.
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission v,
I AKGE YOUNG DKAFTHORSES; HALTER
XJ broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
P./Wk SET NEW AND bKCONb-UAND UAit-
fJ\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.wacon, c*rt», surrey
<firockawar: 40 cheap hoiges. 16th and Valencia.
J/VliOßbEd iuit SALE; ALSO WAOOS.S
3 v buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hor«a
Market, 327 Plx.h st. ; auction sales every Weduar
Jay. SULLIV - \ «<: DiiVI.K. A iiriioneor*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGE^
I,'OR SALK, AT EASTERN PRICKS, FINK
X carriages of every dose ipllon : cash, notes or
Installments. Carvill Mfg Co., 46-48 8;li »;.. S. K.
PROPOSALS. ~
proposals — iiulkd BIDS^wTIL BE bk>
X ceived by the Boaru or Election commissioners
In open sf silon on Monday, sept. 7. 1896, at 10
a. it., for the following Flection supplies, separate
bids to be made tor each classification • oc »' ar " l ' e
No. I— tor repairing all old voting booths or
stalls now on hand and for Hie manufacture of new
booths, the number to be hereafter designated.
No 2— tor chairs and lamp* to be used In elec-
tion-houses.
No. B— For the repairing of all old tables and
stands now on hand and for the manufacture of
new tables and stands, the number to be hereafter
designated.
' The amount of certified check and bond to be
given for each classification Is stated In the specifi-
cations now ready and on file in the office of the
Registrar of Voters. .
W. M. HINTON. Registrar of Voters.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ABxESSM E . NT KO "CK-JASPER 'CONSOL-
_r_ldated. Mining Company— Location ol prin-
cipal piace of business, San Francisco, CaL- 'oca-
E. n r.o o r ad V o O^; D l t;,"c. | a 8 ValUy U[Ula * D * trlct -
Notice Is hereoy given that at a meeting of the
directors, held on the third day of July. 1896 an
assessment (No. 1) of t .ree cents i,er share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corporation
payable immediately to the treasurer of the com-
pany at the olH.e of the corporation at No 811
Bran an street, San Francisco.
Any stock upon which tbU assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the Bth day of October. 189*5
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at r.ut>
lie auction, and unless payment is made before
will be sold on the 28th day of October. 1896 to
l>ny the delinquent assessment, together with costs
of advertising and expenses of sale.
T. H. ROB SON, Secretary.
\> ' STORAGE. — —
TORAGK— CHE^^IisTI^TiSEX'rr^FTRhC
proot building: advances made. 211 Larkln.
I^UKNITUKE. PIAJSOsi TRUNKS: AD-"
J vances. shipping. CHAd. L. TA YL0K.204 Post.
AB. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. 13- ELLIS;
• low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern puo. '
CITY REAL ESTATE. -.■-■'
TV A YMANCE " : .' " "- "~*
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO. "'V
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND LAND AUC-
TIONEERS.
466 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
MONSTER
AUCTION
SALE.
MONETISE
AUCTION
SALE.
MONSTER
AUCTION
SALE.
SATURDAY, bEPT. 5, '98, AT v '. :
2 o'clock p. M., at salesrooms, 466 Eighth street,
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
DESIRABLE IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED
RESIDr.NCE PROPERTY
IN OAKLAND, FKUITVALE, ALAMEDA
AND BERKELEY.
Two lots on Market St., 57 N. of Milton, 28x126
each. ■ '..•.»■.' RSKSB
Two-story double house, 10 rooms and .bath;
1517 and 1519 22d aye.. near East 21st s.: lot
30x125; this property will be so d subject to a
mortgage of »1050. payable $20 per month. ■
Cottage 01 4 rooms and high basement; 2116
Chestnut st.; lot 25x128.
Strip of land on the N. side of 32d st., bet. Or ove
and West, facing 237 feet on 32d st., being a
depth of 49 feet and 8 inches on the western end
and 27 feet on the eastern end: half cash.
Two houses, 371 a:> I 878 sth St., near Frank-
lin, containing 7 rooms each; lot 25x1U0.
Two houses, 875 to 379 sth 51..,s 1 .., SE. cor.' of
FranXi.-i: lot 60x75. ■ -
Two cottages, 362-360 Franklin St., 50 ft. 3. of
sth; lot ii6x7S each.
Two lots. Nos. '£ and 3, in block 2102 In the Al-
den Tract, facing oa Weil St.. 60 ft. N. ot 44th;
50x90 eacn.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath, 683 35th
St., near Grove, lot 33:4xVxO: 35th st. wort com-
plete; only $500 cash. .
Five lots N. side Clinton St., between Union and
Summit, In Lynn, East Oakland; lots '-sxloo
each.
Nine lots on Piedmont aye., bet. Oak and Glenn,
in the Glen Echo Tiact: 25x125 each.
Six lots on Oak av-.. bet. Piedmont and Glenn,
in the Glen Echo Tract; 30x101 each.
Six lots on the north side of 35th si., bet. West
and Market; 25x120 each.
Lot nortnwest corner 9th aye. and East 17th st. ;
60x115.
' Lot on San Pablo aye., bet. Bristol and Delaware
sts., in West Berkeley: 60x135.
Lot SW. cor. Adeline and 19th sts.. 50x108, to-
ge her with barn; this property will be sold sub-
ject 10 a mortgage of $1200, which can remain, i
Cottage of 5 rooms S. side of 3d St.. No. 662,
bet. clay and Jefferson; lot '-sxloo.
Elegant lot in the Stanford Tract, on Moss aye.,
44 W. of Chestnut St.; size 44x163.
Two magnificent lots N. side of 9th St., 25 E. of
Harrison: 35x100 each.
Fruit vale cottage: 5 rooms and bath: vis st, >
75 feet south of Railroad aye.; lot 25x96; only
LOO feet irom Fruit vale station.
Two-story house: .7 rooms and bath: south side
of Sycamore si . between Grove and le;eKraph
ayes ; No. 5tW ; lot 50x100.
Business lot. northeast corner Telegraph aye.
and Twenty-third si. ; h~xB-i.30.
Three beautiful residence . lots on Hamilton
place; N05.16, 17 am! 22; 30-.90 each; only two-
minutes' wait 10 lletlmont cable; sunounded by
handsome improvements and fine view.
Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath; entirely
new; W. bide of Oakland aye., 150 feet S of Santa
Clara aye.; rented lor $25 a mouth: lot 30x126;
this property will be sold subject to a mortgage of
(2000, which can remain. •
For terms of any of the above properties and for
particulars secure a catalogue.
LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.,
46S EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND. : 1
AL BOBIOKR. LOUIS A SOUC.
T A. &OUC _ CO.,
-Lj.
real ESTATE AND INSURANCE brokers.
houses RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 and 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are rl<ht on the spot, we tan save you time and
; money by calling on us at once.
8750— 32x85, corner 16th, near Market: store,
2 rooms; upper flat, 6 rooms, bath; modern cot-
tage, 6 rooms, bath: in perfect order: rents $65.
$s.'so— •JsxlH); Mission St., near 20th: bouse of
8 rrootm t and bath: could at small cost be con-
verted into Al business property; the lot Is worth
more money.
95500—25x150: Sanchez at., near Ridley ; nearly
new mode 11 bay-window flats: 5 and 6 rooms:
bath; laundry; large basement; street bitumln-
lze<i.
$6250—50x105: 16th st., near Market; cheap;
tins is a tine location for stores and flats.
$5750—25x90; 17th si., near Valencia; modern
-window flats: 5 and 6 rooms; bath; laundry;
street work all done; Al order.
$3000— Lexington aye, near 20tb;, house . 6
rooms: bath: cozy home.
$3250— '..'6x1 U5 to all. y; Dorland. neHr Guerrero;
bay-window house; 8 rooms; bath; basement;
Just the thing tor expressman.
92550— Lexington aye., near 19th: 2 flats.' 4 and
5 rooms; nlwa-. rented. . . ■.»• ' - r :». -.- .. : ;
$2750—25x114; Duncan st-,;ir. Guerrero-. 2 new
coaages; 5 rooms; bath; laundry; 7-foot base-
ment; all the latest improvements: terms made to
suit purchaser. . . . .
$3500— Guerrero st., warm belt: 2-story house;
8 rooms: bah; large basement; brick foundation;
house lo perfect or ler. <.
our list comprises some of the best property In
the Mission- Lots of all sices In any of the home-
steads: aI ho good bus ness corners in any part of
ih<» Mission. Call and get a list and prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
i. a. souc & CO., 465 and 467 Valencia si.,'
near Sixteenth.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
KEAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
SPLENDID CORNER INVESTMENTS.
QOlAft CLEMENTINA ST., BELOW 3D,
(JpOIUW, with 2-story building, renting to 3
tenants for $35 per month: 30 feet trout; streets
accepted; see. this. ■ ■ -'---V; '-!-..
Cl A fifl A MONTGOMERY AYE., CLOSE
«B) » _.v/UU; In; well improved: store and 2
stories above and fine large well-finished base-
ment; 1 tenant at $1200 per annum; this is a
-class Investment. .
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
CjlOnn 200 FEET FRONTING ON PA-
01-uU, clfio aye., adjoining the Presidio:
street work done and accepted ; see us about this
cheap lot. . [i
TO EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO OR
OAKLAND PROPERTY.
©11l (\f\f\ WEBSTER. NEAR VALLEJO:'
01-.v'UU. new residence of 16 rooms: all
latest Improvements; electric lights: gas fires:
furnace; natural woods; tinted walls; desirable
location; delightful home. ' ".- .
• - ... ALSO....
QiVflCUl NE - COttNKR SANCHEZ. NEAR
tJpOUIM'. -^4th: 83x76: street work done; lot
on grade; would sell in subdivisions.
: MoAFEB BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
, . WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and btsi locations.
Onr Installments are easier thar. rent. > .
©1 OH TO $250— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
«3)IUU at once: near Mission and San Mateo
Electric Car lines: only <5 monthly payments.
bOL GKTZ A BROTHER.
(3*7^: '1 0 $1200— BEST LOCATED I.OTd NEAR
»J5 I O electric lines, north and south of park:
beautlfni view of park, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated Colleger;
¥& aud $10 monthly payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams" ~~~ "
. BO*. GETZ & BROTHER, Owners,
. Room A, First Floor, Crocker Bulding. ■-
EADTHIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
the San Leandro road and main strest to
Fltcliburg station; size 100x100: cheap at $20
per front foot. ; /'
! PESIDENCK CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XX from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500.
BUSINES CORNER AT FITCHBURG BTA-
tion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600; WILL SUB-
divide Into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMED\
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers tor
! the market. ; :
OTHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc. - ■■•"
11l a I), a FlTCH.Fltchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES OR
flats at lowest prices tor cash or installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, liulldor, 030
Market st.
_______________ ———_—_______
L^OR SALE— 2-STORY HOUSE. 14 ROOMS,
F and lot 25x112:6: on installments. Apulr
2428 Geary st. . ■ ■
TNULKSIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
x near racetrack, on Flax ton and Graf ton sts. ; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern im-
provements: lot 02:6x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
G. W. H. PATTERSON - CO., 2 Valencia tt. •■ .
I'-T COMPLETED: HOL'Sr. 14 ROOMS:
finish natural woods: quartered oak, blrdseve
—aple, : mahogany, curly redwood; gas aud in-
candescent lighting; tiled sinks and baths; marine
view. Cor. Clay and Laurel; owner on premises.
&XAA cash. BALANCE SAME as kknt!
<&<J\J\J for a new house on east side of Cole st ,
near Waller:. 8 rooms and bath; larse lot .5x1.5. ■
ail modern Improvements. Apply on premises. '
' CITY. REAL ESTATE.
VTUST^^U^DTviiJEDT'^ *~ : "'
• . TWO BLOCKS
IN THE
WESTERN ADDITION.
64 LOTS.
$1250 UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
We have Just subdivided the two blocks be-
w i tween Benlah and Frederick sts., and from |
' .Stanyan to Shiader and Sbrader to Cole st*.: |
. . the lots are level and ready for building pur- I
poses: the streets are graded, sewered and
macadamized: this property faces the part:
. and has unequaled car facilities; close to '
the sue of the Affiliated Colleges; we call j
your attention to the prices we are quoting I
for this - splendidly located property; It U
without a doubt the very- best Investment
, r you can make; you wl.l never have the op- !
portunity to buy lots in this city so well lo- j
■-■ cated as these at the prices; we will make j
terms to suit: co out to-day and see if our
advice is not good: If you go at once you
will secure your choice; thts is the first ad-
vertisement. . . •
BALDWIN A HAMMOND, '
. ■■■ ' 10 Montgomery st.
q>pl Cash. '
*3><J $5 MONTHLY.
PRICES 350 TO $400. j
Think of it Lots on the line of an electric road
that will take you to your work In 30 minutes, at i
the above prices and terms. All the lots face on
streets which are macadamized, graded - and sew-
ered: eood climate: title perfect: water piped to 1
every lo: If you buy a lot now you will surely j
make money. Go to-day and see them. Take the I
Guerrero-street electric cars (Mission or Valencia-
street cars transfer at Fourteenth), ride to corner
of Chenery and Castro streets. Agent on the
ground daily, including Sunday*, to show property.
Also at our branch office, 3207 Twenty-second St.,
■ corner of Mission, evenings alter 7 :30* o'clock.
Baldwin & Hammond,
~ 10 Montgomery st.
C»f»9P;il NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
•iPU—UU. choicest part of Ashbury Heights,
Frederick st., near Ashbury; contain 6 and 6
rooms and have every modern improvement; well
planned: sun In every 'room; marine view; In-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
mli to Inspect apply to TOBIN & McNALLY, 630
Market st.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
0 $150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and gee plans. 1149 Mission.
MONEY TO LOAN. .
NY AMOUNT " ON BONDS, DIAMONDS,.
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; interest low: private entrance;
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
Ql f\(\ (»On AT LOWEST RATES; CITY
ijPIUU.UUU and Oakland: life . insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEKACO.. 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCES ON DIAMOND."*, WATCHES.
._. Jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without 're-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEW-LHY
bTORE. t»4B Market st. : open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE; TASK AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000: same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
VIONKV LOANED u.\ JKWIIUV A.VB
J.TI other valuables at the Pecurltr Loan Office.
UC6Marketst..Dr. Mason: private entrance? Tnric
I »IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68. Donohne bldg. 1170 Market si
\(\ C\(\f\ OR LKSS TO LOAN ON CITY
tip X\J .\J\J\J Improved real estate at 7 per cent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
A NY AMOUNT; IST, 'ili or 3D IIUKI'UAUKS:
-ex estates, undivided Interests, real estate In un>
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
a^A UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
UDOyJ gages; Int. In estates. MURPHY.62B MrKt
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKW 5x5
r\ Colombia Loan <fc Collateral OlMce. 9 <iraric m->
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
McKWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BWISE AND HAVE INTEREST; MONEY
. loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and Se-
curlty office, r. 7, Flood bldg : entrance £09 Mkt.
T lag KKAKN V >!.. nOOM 9— MONK Y
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc-: low rates;
_'*'"'* roonn: eli-vator: iI-cltps for gale cheap.
FINANCIAL.
<Jt 10, fTVi 0 i? T< > LOAN AS LOW~AS^BA>nC^
lynj.yiyiyj Apply rm 214. Cnl.>afe Hep. Bldg.
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO*"LAl)IE« SUFFERING"
from Irreenlaritle* and diseases peculiar to
their sex; latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes then:, sick to make them well;
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times: home In confinement. DR. <& MRS.
DA VlEfi.. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $>-';
hours from 9 a. m to 5 p. v and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL CASES OP IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored ii» a few hour-t; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY us (I; ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save, time and
expense; consultation free and confidential. -
MRa. DR. WYE 1 H, 916 Post St., near Larkln. ■
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, iNSTRU-
mem or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician - for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and used at home; all case? guaranteed:
ii you want to be treated safe and sure call on
man's physician. DR. POPPKR. 318 Kearny -.
I ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
Xj royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief for Ladles," In letter by return mail:
at druggist's. ChlcbesterChem. Co., Philadelphia.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
-rV ladies troubled with irregularities: nodanger:
safe and sure; J2 50 express c. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland, CaL
DBS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
clalty; unexcelled in restoring Irregularity or
other conditions; home in confinement: best care:
low fees; pills 42. Moved to 904 McAllister st
RS. DR. WEGENE"R TAKES ""ladies BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
URE C L'Hh FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk St..
MRS. J. A. ACH < RD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 655 Mis-
sion st. • .
US. M. E. RODGEKS, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
R. DORA ~ GRAY— FEMALE CO_-
plaints restored: cure guaranteed. 327 Kddy.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FIi.MALK DI^KANE
seeMRa.DK. PUKTZ and becontenu 1:54 u, 4lh.
DR. HALL, 11 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
Jones. Diseases of women and children.
1 > R I V ATE HUM.X IN CONFINEMENT. M_
... DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth »U. Alameda.
AKONUM VITA BATHS FOR PARALYSIS,
XV rupture and dropsy. 231 Second st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
"
OTICE OF"sALE7Sf KKAI. tSTATKL
'i.' In the Superior Court, in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
Dent. 9, Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LKWIStsOHER, deceased. .
Notice Is beieby given, that In pursuance of an
order of the Superior Court of tne City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the Bth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOHEK, deceased, the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
Of the estate of LEWIS HER, deceased, will
■ell tit public auction to the highest bidder for
ash and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 O'clock m., at auction salesrooms
of iG. H. Umbseu . & Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street, in th* city and County of san Francisco,
all ' the right, ' title.' Interest and estate of tne
said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of bis death,
and all the right, title and Interest that the
said estate has, by operation of law or other-
wise, acquired other than or in addition to that
Of the said LEWIS SOUER, at the time of his
death. In and to all those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land situate and being in th • city and
County of San Frunclsco, state of California,
bounded and described as follows:
V'lrst— Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bosh street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and nix inches easterly from
the easterly line of Larkin street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Busn street
thirty feet, thence at right aniries southerly oue
hundred and thirty-seven feet and six inches,
thence at riant angles westerly thirty feet,' aud
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to Bald southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment. Being part of 1.0-Vi.r.i lot No. 1367 a* laid
down on the oiti.lal Map of the City of sau Fren-
Cisco
■ Second— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of o'Farreli street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the easterly line of Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, thence at right angles southerly
along. said westerly line of Curios place ninety-"
seven feet and six inches, thence at right angles
westerly fifty-eight . feet, ■ and ; hence at right
angles northerly uine:y-<eveu feet ana six inches
to said »ou therly line of O'Farrell street and to the
point < f commencement, b ine; part of 50-V:ira lot
No. 954 on tao plncinl map 61 the City of San
Francisco..
. Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the .United states, ten per cent or the
purchase money to be paid 10 the undersigned on
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of siUa by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser.
EM ILE SOHER, Administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of lewis Sohkb, de-
ceased. '
Dated August 18, 1896.
W. A. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator,
-Mills building.
> V ' PARTNERSHIP NOTICES. •
Jnb PARTNERSHIP NOTICE — THE UNDER-
\J signed have this day formed a copartnership
under the firm name of MARTIN & MARKS for
the purpose of transact lnc a general real es'.a'.e
bu -lines* PATRICK J. MARTIN.
EDMUND MARKS,
;■■••- • InTfliiimmTj 18 Post St.
Ban Francisco, September 1. 1896.
COUNTRY BEAL ESTATE.
X siktrits r co lo n y. ■ ~~*-
■*»• At Ashurst you will have an opportunity to
procure* a home that will be self-sustalnln*. at-
tracive and profitable, and on terms better than
have ever be 1 ore been offered. We have our own ; ■
homes In this cotony and »re determlneJ to sur-
round ourselves with neighbors who wish at once
to have schools and churches and reading-rooms ,
In our very midst. We have every facility for a J
grand development. We make It possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with in homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Ashurst Colony, room 10, Mills building.
San •- rancisco.
L ARMING THAT PATS-60 CWT. HORSE
1 beans per acre, 25 tons green corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, lieOO bushels onions per
cere are crops actually raised on land of Stole
Estate; richest land in California: In tracts from
5 acres up: also grain and dairy land: price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer; don't buy
poor land; the best Is cheapest. D.D.BARNARD.
Edna, cal. ■ '
I "'OR RENT— CHICKEN RANCH; NORTH
Oakland; 2 acres; frnlt: 8 rooms: $15. Ad- ■
dress Ranch, box 85. Call Otlk-e.
9 ACHES A Y LEVEL LAND ADJACENT TO
San Francisco; *1650. C. C, box 20, Call. -
VOR RENT— IN HAVWARDS, 1() MIXCTES
X I from town and electric-cars; home residence 8 '
rooms: hot and cold water; barn:. chicken yards;
room for 100 J chickens: healthy location; fine 1
view of bay and sau Francisco: rent $20 per
month. Apply 2976 sixteenth st. for Information.'
EST BARGAIN IN THE STATE: COUNTRY
X> home; 20 acres orchard : near city: don't buy
before you see owner at 381*% Geary St., room 23;
11 to 1, 4to 7: price 5350U: principals only. -
rpais finest HOG RANCH in the state
"Will be leased for a term of years, or the rleht
party can secure a half Interest in a good paying
ranch property, as :he present owner Is not able to
give it the attention it requires; this property is
well Improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of hoi?» the year round.
Forpartlcuiars address X. V., box 00, Call Office.
ANY ONE WANTING A KANCU FOB
crazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is requires,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
A LAMEDa'coUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
xv est In the Slate: selling in tracts, 6 acres up-
ward, 35 per acre; adjoining lands held at 100
per acre; owner forced to sell 1 IV2 hours from S.F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 07 chronicle building.
I" ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN ; 1M-
Xj proved: easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market st., a F.
ALF S KCTION OF GOOD LAN DIN TULARB
XI County, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A. box 87
Call OlHce.
V WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
■* ■*■ A EERLY CALL, in wranser. lor mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE — gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
V SPECIALTY IS "~~"
HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room bouse ..$25
1-story modern 6-room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room fHt..... 16
AND 300 MURK.
WM. M. DeWolf. Hcuse-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
\A ILL IT PAW YJ_tl SEE ALLEN DALE
" Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot or upward fora
home or paying investment: Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland; level
and choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ized; only a few left; fine school: 2 electric roads
near by : conveyance free: $ S cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth st., Oakland, and 630 Market a.., S. F.
H. Z. JONES, owner.; '
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
THE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AND
-L Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suite
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates; unquestioned respectability.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Ho.UKS FOR KENT OK FOR SALK
on easy ie— *. O. G. MAY * CO.. real estaM,
building and loans. 2123 Center st.. KerkWey.
0.-'EP.. J. MA»U:\. hti^L t.STATii AND
Insurance >rn'i, i erkele-- slum. adjoining hank.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
oil RENT — $30, INCLUDING WATER:
house of 30 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in front; iarue orchard, aiso some pasture
land; entire place compil-.es about 1 ; acres; street
macadamized; rive mii:utes' wa k to train making
ha f-hourly trips to city. For further information
call or address A. J. S.WUKKJt Co., 407 Ninth
St., real estate broker*. Oakland.
IpoH RENT, newl7y~l-xrFishi;d cot-
tage 5 rooms, lath and garden, $'20. 1932
Berkeley way, East Berkeley.
roK RENT FOR ONE YKAR OR LONGER
-F on reasonable terms — A completely furnished
bonne of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; stable,
chlckenhouse: roses, etc.: convenient to railway,
school and university. Address House, box 63,
Cull 'Hi
'= =
PKOPEKTY TO EXCHANGE.
"cnTppXßtiAiNs— whaFdo~yod "want?
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0. .510,000
2 stores and 7-room flat in city 6,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to £0,000
100 business places, all Kinds, from $50 o 4,000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
IN EXCHANGE FOR- CITY PROPERTY—
X small country hotel. 22 miles from city; horse,
wagon and buggy; barroom stock; free rent of
hotel In part payment of property. For particu-
lars address H. L., box 110. Call Office.
ffi»97C/l NICE HOUSE 7 ROUAIS, IN (iUoD
tjp_ l OU. location in Oakland: take $1500
country property in irnde. balimc;* cash or mort-
gage. n. M. CAM K RON. 479 Ninth st.
SEND Foil uli List' iMf ORCHARD HO.iiS
lorsale. WOOSTKR & WIiITTON. t-«ii .Io»».
I '>>>! I ACJIKs 11...8h,K U.Nu, KKK.N* CO.:
J — ( ■' ' waiPr: »n«»f»r^ H i:-ip.r.ii, n ■. V..;ix.l«.Cail
PROPERTY WANTED.
\\r as t TO PL" It CHASE A LOT— NORTH
'» of Hnight st., south of Turk. west of Fill-
more and east of stanyan; state lowest cash
|>rie»: must be cheap. . d. tress Io . box 15, Cull.
THE DIVOKCE RECORD.
Complaints filed:
Ella McKelionj at;alnst Henry Louis McKellops.
Mercy H. Glad win asains: Frederick W.Ulad win.
Charles H. Hartman agains*. Helen Hartman.
Marie E. Pomeroy against Mark Mills Pomeroy.
Georgle Mitchell against Thouia.i J. Mitchell.
Agnes M. Bru against. Jean Brn. -
Divorce granted:
Julia M. Kelly from George E. Kelly, for ex-
treme Cruelty; by Judge Habbard.
m.m— mmm—mm
r Birth, marrlaTe and death, notices son: by null
will not be Inserted. They mat. be handed In a;
either of the publication oiHces and beludorsad
with the name and residence of persona authorize
to cave the same publisher, ] .
BORN.
DOWNING— In Redwood City, August 28. 1396.
to the wife of W. J. Dowling. a son.
GARY— In this city, August 31, 1893. to th» wife
of the lateCbarle* Gar/, twin daughters.
JOHNSON— In this city. September 2, 189U, to the
wife of Nels Johnson, a son.
SMITH— In this city, September 1, ISOJ,' to the
wife of Al J. Smith, a son.
TERR ILL— In thW rliv. August 31. 1898, to the
wife of George C. Terrill, a son.
MARRIED.
BERGEN— In this city, August 31,
1«96, by the Rev. J. _ Buehler, Charles A. Ber-
gen and Emma A. Felling.
DANIEL— TROUIN— In this city, August 31,
1896, , by the Rev. Father Brennan of Mission
Dolores. K. L. Daniel and Nellie Trouln, both of
San Francisco.
FLESH— IRKLAX- In Oakland. by the Rev. Rob-
ert Coyle, Frank P. Flesh and E;ia R. Irelan.
SMITH— M4LONEY— In this city, August 26,
1898. by the Rev. Father Scaulon, 8. A. Smith
and Kitty Maloney.
STIFFENS— RILKY— In this city. August VB,
1896. by the Rev. J. _ Buehler. John G. Stet-
fens and Lillle Kiley. ■
— _____ ___ _____
DIED.
Anderson, Charles E. ; Loavltt, Harriett A.
Banfieid, Mary A. Matthews. Walter D.
BanKhead, Jane - Meyer. August
Bruer, Captain John Mllatovich, Vincent
Carlson. C. .. Miller, Jen
Code. Emma L. Matter, William F.
Fennel;, Thoma? ■ ' Murphy. William V.
Fisherman, John Nordlinjr. Elner ,
Gauthier. A. Sheedy, Michael
Gleeson, P. J. Selfert, Hermann
Hansel, Conrad Taylor, Viola E.
Ulatt. Alfred O. Toner. Mr*. Mary
Humbert, LtU*oC Walsh. D -bora E.
Kendrlck, Maurice WoUersdorfer, John
ANDERSON— tn this ctiy, September I, 1893.
Charles E. Anderson, a native of Sweden, a"cd
29 years. , ■
Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from the par-
lors, of the Pao fie Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, near Fourth, interment LO.O. F. Cem-
etery. ,
F. OF Officers and members of Court Eclipse
No. 14, F. of A., will assemble at 777 Mission
street THIS DAY (Thursday). Nt 2 o'clock
p. J*., to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Charles E. Anderson.
T. B. GOODWIN, C. B.
•CM. Gkbtsok. Sec.
BANFIKLD— In Forestvllle, Sonoma County.
August 81, 18->6. Mary A. Banfleld, a native of
I New York, aged 69 years 9 months and 19 'lays.
BANKUtAD-In Oakland. Jane iiaukhead.
mother of Mrs. 8. J. Hill, Hugh, Dave and Mai-
com Bankhead, Mrs. It. J. Bell," J. W. Bin k-
head, Mrs. F. H. Mason and W. S. Bankhead, a
native of Scotland, aged 72 'years 6 months and
4 days. . .
flrg*Fnneral will take place THIS DAY
("! nursdo.). at 2 o'clock P. _ from residence,
7C6 Castro street, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
BRCER-In this city, September 2. 1896. Captain
Jonn. Bruer. beloved husband- of caro me S.
Bruer. and father of Ernst and Arthur Bruer,
a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged 49 years
and 5 days. Late captain of the £an Francisco
Fusileera, Company C. late Second Regiment
Artillery, N. G. C. Member of the San Francisco
Fnsileers Mutual Benefit Fund, Gesellschait
Teutonia and Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. U. W.
" t6F Friends and a- qualntauces are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, corner Railroad an i Tenth avenues. South
San Francisco, thence to Teutonia Hall, 1322
Howard street, between Nintn and Tenh, where
funeral services will be held, commencing at 'i
o'clock p. m. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Harmony Lod;e No. 9, A. O. U. W.
Officers and members: You a^e requested to
attend the funeral of brother J. Bruer TO-MOR-
ROW (Friday), at 1 o'clocK r. tt.. from Teu tonis.
Hall. R. W. ENGLISH, M. W.
L. John-sex, Recorder. .
CARLSON— In this Jlty, September 2. 1896, C.
CarHon, a native of Sweden, aged 29 years.
CODE— in thlsclty. September 1. 1896. Emma
Louise, beloved daughter of Mrs. Emma S. code,
a native of San Rafael. Cal.
ft «" Friends are resnectfully Invited to atten I
the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at 9:30
o'clock a. St., from her late residence. 726 Mc-
Allister street, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
Hayes street, wheie a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for then-nose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . „ '
FENNELL-In this city, September 2, 1896,
Thomas, beloved husband of Catherine Fennell.
a native of Kings tounty, .Ireland, aged 57
years.
FISHERMAN— In this city, September 1, 1896.
John Fisherman, & native of California, aged 27
years.
GAUTHIER— In this city, September 1, 1896, A.
Gautbier, a native of France, aged 61 years.
GLEESON— In this city, August 31, 1896. Patrlclc
.J. Gleeson of 97 California avenue, beloved hus-
band of M-irv J. Glevsoii (nee Hrendergast), a
native of Countr Tipperary. Ireland.
A3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funer.il Tilts L) \V
(Thursday), at 9:30 >. m., from his late resi-
dence. 97 California avenue, thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a requiem high mass will •be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. M. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ■
A. O. H. of A., DIVISION NO. -Members are
hereby notified of the death of Brother P. Glee-
son. and are reouested to attend the tuneral from
his late residence.
P. BRODERICK, President.
P. J. McCormick, Rec Sea
HANSEL— In this city, September 2. 1*96, Con-
rad Hansel, a native of Germany, aged 66 years.
HIATT— In this city. September 2, 1896. Alfred
Oran, beloved son of the Rev. B. B. and Mary
Hiatt, a native of Auk worth, lowa, ag d 32
years.
HUMBERT— In this city. August 31. 1896,'LllIan
C. Humbert, beloved wife of William K. Hum-
bert, daughter of J. B. and Kliza Forner, and
sister of Fred. Victor, Haydee and Louis Forner,
a native of California, aged -J8 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 14 William street, Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
KEN'DRICK— In this city, September 2,'1F96,
Maurice, beloved husband of Annie KeDdrick,
and father of Mangle. Annie, Nellie and Harry
KendriCK, a native of Boiton, -Mass., aged 42
years 9 months and 26 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter
LEAVITT— In this city. September 1, 1896, Har-
riett Ann Leavitt, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 78 yet.-*.
_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from the
chapel or the Old People's Home, corner Pierce
anil Pine streets. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MATTHEWS— In this city, August 31, 1898, Wa-
iter D. Mathews. a native of Australia.
MEYER— this city. September 1, 189<5. August
Meyer, beloved husband of Amelia Meyer, and
brother-in-law of Aaron Meyer, a native of Han-
over, Germany, aged 66 years and 4 montns. A
member of Herman Stamm No. 224. U. O. R. M.,
Washington LodzeNo 60. A. O. U.W., American
Lodge No. 2229, K. of H., Cour: Golden Gate No.
6681. F. of A., sigel Grove No. 7, U. A. O. D., and
Garfleld Post No. 84. G. A. R.
j(£sT" Friends and a quaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the tunerai TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, thence to 510 Bush street, where the
services will be held commencing at 9:80 o'clock
a. _, under the auspices ot Herman Stamm No.
224, U. O. R. _ Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
MILATOVICH— In this city, September 2,1838,
Vincent Milatovich. a native Of Austria, aged 69
years 7 months and 2 days.
flfß" Friend* are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Friday), at
10 o'clock a. m., at his late residence, 1604
Stockton street, thence to the Church of Sts.
Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont streets,
where mass will be celeorated for the repose of
bis soul. Interment private. Mountain View
Cemetery; Please omit flowers.
MILLER— In thlsclty, September 2, 1896. Jennie,
beloved wife of August E. Miller, and mother of
Gussle and Du:ee Miller, and sister of Mrs. T. H.
Marton and Willie Taylor, h native of Red Bluff,
Cat., aged 31 years 1 1 months and 27 days.
afj^Frlendj an acquaintance) are r*>snect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, ISSYt Haight street, between Octavia
and Lacuna, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
south side of Fell street, between Fillmore and
Webster, for services at 10:30 o'clock a. _
Interment Laup-1 Hill Cemetery.
MULLER— In tin; city, September 1, 1896, Wil-
liam F. Muller, beloved hush mil of Lenora Mul-
ler ana father of Mrs. E. A. Hermann. Henry A.,
Walter F.. Louise A., Emma L. and Annie E.
Muller, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 62
years 10 mouths and 18 days.
49" Friends and acquaintance am respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from nis late resi-
dence, 311J Twenty-second street, northwest
corner of Howard, thence to LO.O. F. Hail,
corner of Valencia and Sixteenth streets, where
services will be held under the auspices o'
Unity Lodge No. 131, 1. U. O. *'. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. August 31. 1898, William
T. Murph^, a native of California.
NORDLING— In this city, September 1. 1896.
Elner, beioved son of Julius and Albertlna
Nordllng, and brother of Ethel Nor.lllng, aged 7
months.
SHEEDY— In this city, September 2, 1896. Mich-
ael, dearly beloved husband of Margaret Slieedy.
father of Annie, Thomas. Joe. Michael and Mag-
gie Sheedy, brother of Mrs. Maggie Cnllizan of
New Durham, N. J., and Marcus sheedv of Sun
Diego, Cat., dearly beloved brother-in-law of
Mrs. P. Gorman, and cous'n of Annie, Mary and
Delia McGrath, a native of Tullabrack, County
Clare, Ireland, aged 42 years 9 months and 21
days. fNew Rochelle (N. V.). New Jersey and
Connecticut papers please copy.l
_r*Fri?nds ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 10 attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 558 Stevenson street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem .mass
will be celebrated tor the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. x. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SEIFERT— In thl» city, September 1. 1896, Her-
mann Seifert. beloved brother of Mrs. Amelia
Steiny, a native of Germany, aged 64 yetrs.
TAYLOR— In this city, September 2. 1896, Viola
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Lewis and Katie
. Taylor, and granddaughter of James and Cath-
erine Kenney, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 1 year and 8 months.
£7~Friends aDd acqulantances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ro-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clocic a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents. 1567 V 2 Market street, near
Eleventh. Interment Holy Cro™ Cemetery.
TONER— There will be an anniversary solemn
requiem mass celebrated tor the repose of the
soul of Ma Mary Toner at St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and church streets, THIS DAY
' (Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. M. Friends are re-
spec.fully invited to attend. . . > .: /. \-ZBfSggi
WALSH— In this city. September 2, 1893, Debora
E,, Deloved daughter of James J. and Catherine
Walsh, and sister of Mrs. G. Rottanzl and
James, .Tcseiih und Flora Walsu, 11 native of San
Francisco, Cal., aged 19 yean 3 months and 14
dm-*. . • ■
CST Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend me funeral TO-MOIIKOW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. 2504 Bryant avenue. n<»ar Twenty-
third street, thence to SU Peter'» Church, Ala-
bama street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty- (if :h. where a solemn requiem ma«
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount calvary < Cemetery.
WOLKERSDORFER— in this city, September 1,
1836, John Wolkersdorfer. beloved husband of
Lena Wolkersdorfer and stepfather of Ad-lalde
an-i Frederick Marchall. a native of Schwaba^h,
Nurenberg, Germany, aced 63 years.
IST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TH DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the under-
taking parlors ot Gantn.-r <£ Guntz, 8 and 10
City Hall square, interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. ■■■■■•'. .'
WICAVOY A GALLAGHER, I-.
FUNKRAL DIBECTORS & EMBALMEB3,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone SOBO.
Jas. McMknomt.y. Cms. McMkngxjcy.
JAMES McMKNOMKY & SON.
OSDEBTAKKHS AM) KMBALMKKS.
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. »354. - •
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEMK-
k*> tory to the city; nou-sectarlan ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office tt«7 Markei
street, southeast corner of sixtn. - -
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BlTTi£_4, I—4
great Mexican Remedy; «lv« — Mi_ •**
felnSfUl 10 UM &«XB»l VJT*— *
1516
HUMAN FRAGMENTS
AMID THE RUINS
Clear for Foundations and
Unearth a Ghastly
Trunk.
WORKMEN AT PINOLE.
Signs of the Awful Dynamite
Explosion Being Rapidly
Removed.
THE FUNERALS OCCUR TC-DAY
In Twenty-Two Years Fifteen White
Men Killed— Experience of Oldest
Employe.
All was activity at the Pinole powder
works yesterday among the debris and
wreckage caused by the awful nitro
glycerine explosions of the day before, and
during the work of clearing away the ob
structions to lay the foundations of new
Bulkhead Near Mixing House, "Where Two Bodies "Were Found.
Grosses Indicate Position of Bodies.
The Wreck of the Guncotton Blend House at Pinole.
buildings a number of additional frag
ments of human remains were found.
Here and there mangled and often
charred bits of anatomy were distinguished
by the workmen and laid reverently in a
little pile where a human foot and a
Chinese slipper were the only distinguish
able pieces.
Then as one of the men was plying his
pick vigorou-iy to complete a foundation
ditch deep down to solid earth below that
softened in the crater torn out under the
mixing-bouse the tool struck something
peculiarly yielding. He was horrified to
rind that he had struct through the limb
lesß trunk of a human body.
Whose remains were thus unearthed no
man might say tor the force that had dis
NEW TO-DAY.
ftgggSaap NO REST
fi§^fe WO SLEEP
r^(iiin^ DAY OR |CHT
My hands were completely covered with Ec-
zema, and between my fingers the skin was
perfectly raw. I had to sit with both hands held
up, and away from the fire. My husband had to
dress and undress me like a baby. I tried the
best physicians, but their medicines gave me no
relief, and drove me almost crazy. I was ad-
vised to try Cuticvra Remedies, and did so,
although my husband had to go twenty miles to
get them. As soon as he got back, I need the
Cuticdba, and in Jive minute* after the Jlrnt
application I teat perfectly ta»y, and ilept
soundly all that night. Before I commenced
using the Cuticuka Remedies I could get no
ease night or day. . I could not bear to get warm,
It won Id pnt me In a rage of itching. I always
keep the Cuticura lit mkdies in ray house now,
and recommend them to everybody, because of -
their wonderful effect. Tours gratefully,
AGNES M.. HARRIS, Push, Mecklenburg Co. Va
Spexdt Ccrb T>K«nccirr fob Tomnttiro, Dis>
nor kino Hcxobs. — Warm bathi with ('l-ticdba Soap,
grntle application! of I ltici ea (ointment), the great
■kin cure, and mild dote* of Cdticl'&a Risoltbmt,
greatest of humor cures.
_ Sold throughout the world. Price, Cuticu*a, SOe.|
Soap. 25c.i R.E«oLnt!rr. «oc. and »l. Potteb Dbc»
Ann Chf.m. Cokp., Sole Prop*., Boston.
■O- »li«w to Cur* Torturing SklnJJl*tuw."&t«. -
membered the body had left its ghastly
work upon the blackened, shapeless mass.
It might have been one of t c eight
Chinese; it probably was. And it might
have been John McNutty, tne foreman of
the mixing-bouse that had stood above
that very spot. At any rate there is un
certainty. Four white men had been
killed. Two, John Freitas and Garcia
Mortirzo, the carmen, were found near
their car unmutilated and were easily
identified. W. F. Crater, foreman of the
packing-house, though horribly mangled
and burned, was identified. But yester
day, afier a more careful examination of
the other human fragments lying in the
moist, cold brick vault of the empty nitre
house, no one could say that anypartof
them was the remains of the fourth white
man.
Three Chinese heads had been found and
accordingly three small, rouch wood cof
fins were equally filled wish the remain
ing grewsome bits and early shipped to
this City, where in a day or two the pagan
death rites will be observed for the eight
unfortunates.
To-day there will be a double funeral in
the little village of Pinole. There two
desolated homes mourn the loss of hus
band and father. The public school flag
and two others sadly drooping at halt
mast proclaimed yesterday that
a great sorrow bad visited the
small community, while a bit of
crape fastened to the front door of a new
meeting hall, scarcely completed and un
touched yet by the painter's brush, told
its own story of a recently organized and
hopeful local council ot the Ancient Order
oi Foresters saddened in the dawn of its
prosperity by the loss of two of its stanch
est supporters, for John Freitas and
Manuel Mortirzo had been actively inter
ested in the completion of that new hall
sosoontobe darkened by ihe shadow of
their death.
In Oakland there will be another funeral,
that of Winfield S. Crater. Between the
two few men will be left at the works, and
none of the processes requiring labor and
attention will be in operation during the
day.
The necessary guards will, however,
remain in constant watchfulness to prevent
further damage from the dan erous • ils
still on hand. But the great nitric acid
works, the largest in the western part of
America, will ftop, and these ominous
reddish-yellow vitrous vapors that pour
all aay irom the tall brick chimney on the
hill will cease.
Twenty-five extra men were added
temporarily to the force of about 100 white
men and eighty Chinese employed about
the works. With rapid and teilinu' energy,
they all applied themselves to the work of
repairing, cleaning away and rebuilding.
On Friday even a larger number will be
at work, while all the possible processes
and the shipment of dynamite will go on
as usual.
Prominent in the little colony of pow
der-workers, because of his long experi
ence n the business, his years and his
I osition, is John McLean, the foreman,
who haa been employed at the dynamite
works of the California Powder Company
for over twenty-two years and has been
present at all the explosions during that
time. He is also one of the most trusted
men in the employ of the company.
Years ago he was captain of the oid
.Liberty Hose Company of this City and
to-day the men affectionately refer to him
as "Captain Jimmy." When "the boys"
at the works built the new hall for the
Joresters of Pinole they elected their fore
man financial secretary of the lodge.
Small of stature, with twinkling eyes
and an inimitable, picturesque way of
talking, "Captain Jimmy" is a character.
"It was in '75 we had our first explosion.
1 hat was when we were on the other side
of the bay, near the Almshouse tract. No
men were killed. No, you bet not— ran
Jlke .the whole lot of us. Ask Judd
of the Hicks-Judd Company about it.
Does he remember it? Well, you can rope
me and brand me for a maverick if he
doesn't; he was foreman of the nitro
glycerine house at the time.
"Late in '81 we came over to this side,
and in 82 we had our second explosion
since the works started along in '73
Men killed? Why, that one was a stun
ner. One white man and forty China
men—all in the packing-house— went like
a pen of sheep. Any other explosions?
You bet. Had one along about '87.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896.
Then in ;92; 92 we had another, but no men
were killed. Last year she went ur again;
took five write men and nine Chinamen.
And then we had this one; foui white
men and eignt Chinamen. No men were
killed while we were on the other side of
tne bay.
"I don't recall ail the dates between '82
and '92, but all toM we haven't lost more
than rifteen white men in the last twemy
two years. It is not such a dan -erous
business after all. Safest business in the
world to work at until s >c goes, and then
it's all up with the fellow that's there.
"Save l a Chinaman's life that time in
'82. He'd been lazinp and I booted him a
couple in the slack of the pants, and he
lit out instead oi going on back to work in
the mixing-house. Forty went up. He
was the only one escaped.
"Came back after a while and went to
work again, but couldn't hire that fellow
to lak»" a job in the mixing-house, and he
was a mighty good Chinaman there. So 1
soaked him with all the hardest jobs on
the place, one after the other, but he only
grinned and said, 'Me neaD likee; velly
easy work.'
"Yesterday while tne men were dig
ging among the wreckage of the mixing
house they uncovered a cat and a kitten,
never hurt a bit; everything else shat
tered to pieces. Cat went out last night
and got run over by a freight train. Kit
ten's got eight liv^s left."
BAY CITY WHEELLMEN.
Annual Meeting: of th« Member* of This
Prosperous Cycling Club.
The annual meeting of the members of
the Bay City Wheelmen was held Tuesday
evening at the club bouse, 441 Golden
Gate avenue. The reports of the various
officers and committees show the club to
be in a prosperous and progressive condi
tion. Expensive improvements have re
cently been made in the clubrooms, in
cluding the addition of baths, lockers,
training and wheel rooms. During the
past fiscal year but sixteen members re
signed, and the membership to-day is
146, with three applicants to be voted
upon. The members present at the meet
ing applauded the reading of the various
reports, and otherwise evidenced consid
erable satisfaction with the condition of
the club and the conduct of its affairs.
Their appreciation was further shown by
a vote of thanks tendered the retiring
board of directors, which consisted of
Frank H. Kerrigan, Horace P. Howard,
I Harry Larkin, Sandford Plummer, Walter
! D. Sheldon, George P. Wetmore, William
! H. Toepke, Albert J. Menne, Charles A.
Elliot, Frank H. Watters and Byron D.
! Bent.
The election of a nominating commit
; tee of seven members to name the direc
tors for the ensuing year resulted in the
selection of William H. Toepke, Theodore
C. Dodge, George P. Hall, J. M. Pike,
Stephen W T . C. Brode, David McT. Mar
shall and Jeremiah Kellom. This com
mittee will meet at the clubhouse to-night,
and will probably renominate all but four
of the former directors. The principal
fight will be over the captaincy of the
club, a position of considerable import
ance, for w iich the candidates now in the
field are George E. Dixon, T. A. Griffiths,
H. A. Goddard and one or two dark .horses.
The Bay Citys' crack professional riders
will conineie "at different places on the
9th. H. F. Terrill le:t for San Jose yester
day »nd will ride there. W. A. Terrill
went to Stockton and R. L. Long will ko
to the same place Saturday. The other*
will be distributed about equally between
the two places. R. M.Welch, chairman of
the racing board, will go to Stockton with
Judpes Kerrigan and Dunne and others.
S. B. Vincent of the Bay Citys will try
for the world's five-mile road record on
the 20tb, paced by C. A. Kraft, Austin
Kanzee and George E. Dixon on a tripl« t.
Emii Languetin of the same club will
make a similar effort the same day.
On Sunday, September 27, there will be
a five-mile road contest between the vari
ous tandem teams of the Bay City W'beel
men, about fifteen in all. The handicaps
will be sealed, and each team will start
three minutes behind the other. The ride
will be made from San Leandro to Hay
wards. The cub will have a run next
Sunday to CentervilJe, taking the 9 o'clock
boat.
There will be a special meeting of the
Wheelmen's Municipal League to-night at
the rooms of the San Francisco Road Club,
503 Golden Gate avenue.
E. S. Simpson, city editor of the Chroni
cle, left yesterday on a wheeling trip to
Los Angeles.
THE CIRCUS HERE.
Grand Street Parade Thiß Morning
and Opening 1 erformance at Night
in Central Park.
The greatest circus that has ever come
to San Francisco will arrive this morning
in three special trains that have been the
marvel of the country through which
they passed. To be more exact, two big
shows consolidated in one monster aggre
gation of star artists, hippodromes,
menageries, etc., is coming. For this
year the people of San Francisco are to
have an opportunity of seeing the great
Forepaugh and Sells brothers shows.
Though the unweildy mass of freight,
representing tents, animals, horses, prop
erties, wardrobes and brilliant chariots for
street pageants will not be here until late
in the morning, there will .be a parade
immediately afterward and a Derformance
in the evening in Central Park.
The parade will be made through the
City at noon, the pageant starting from
Central Pai kat 11 :30 and mnrching down
Mission street to Third, up Third to Mar
ket, down Market to Montgomery, down
Montgomery to Washington, up Wash
ington to Kearny and out that thorough
fare to Market and Eighth.
Great things are promised for this
parade. There will be over 300 wild ani
mals in line, with beautiful trained horses
and many of the arlbts, all of which will
convey some idea of the strength of the
double circus.
One million will read "Mechanics' Fair
Dally. " AU vertlse now. My sell &0111n5,22 CUy . •
I We Close Every Saturday "' fMtU'J \#^>-^ Six Resident Buyers iv Europe i
I Evening at Six. ytyfo "^ \^\V^\ and the East. 1
1 "Six Days Shalt Thou Labor." - /'/fPh 'I 1 S \ A\\ A SixTr ? r ßu^ *?*«•»■ 1
3£ / / /j / \ ' •* \ \\\ N \ iment nviee Each Year. ±
i Dress Goods! VALUES IN DRESS GOODS I Domestics! I
Sno PLAIN BLACK GROS-GRAIN SILK, 20 inches, the $1 quality, Oftrt ote
± Hard to cut prices on New Fall ™" I "*™- For m d.n theppic^jrtil b...... ..Y.rd oui, _ c^
1 Dressings, but the power of the '"JSLS? %gSS!Sg&£i X*Z??..$S. 96c JJ^^T^,^" **«"-* I
I rlserve USt "* "' "*"""*' "SStSyS^?.™ I ..':^.!^*!^. ~.f?S 86C of little P rices-a virto^lorThe |
$ 20-iKPTr ptatv ~Z77mr «o« o 36-INOH SNOWFLAKB CHEVIOT DRESS GOODS. Kniclcer- (\(\ o Sixes. 3g
i*""" l affiwS^h.%J?e.vy O g J £ 86° 36-INCH SNOWFLAKE CHEVIOT .Price for sale.... Yard , DOC . '.. J~ . ±
± 86° bocker effects, new fall colorings. -Price for this sale. ...Yard , ObC . ±
35- ouainy. on for^. day, at YaM ALL . WOOL BOUCLE NOVELTY, a plain ground overshot with ©i AA 12^SSZ^!. 1^ ' 6° ±
3u „ a loose black thread, producing a lace effect. Six-day price. Yard «pl."v » Yam OQO
°V° fancy peau de soie silk, satis- one — ■ • cAo
s>o factory line of colors. On sale for six CO FINE BLACK BENGALINE SILK, a heavy quality. On sale for C*(* n : C «=Ao
ofio • ay * Yard sixdayaat Yard DUU 88-inch ginghams, a colored stripe 3U
o(jo ____^ . :^. .: . border 6% inches deep, in blue or OC XSC
060 BKOWFiAKE CHEVIOT DRESS • brown checks. Special 10 boom the 8 D rXZ
060 GOODS, knickerbocker effect, the Q£C -■■ _ _ . — . .1 -..1.. _ , - . :>i o'clock sale Yard 3U
OAO swelleat of new fall colorings. On OD I^Tl B^fc TH* TT BM T^TT 4E 2 • I)U
000 sale for six days at Yard . ■I>^l V^ JL JL H»__*' JL%I £S_s? «* V ?-Jf v . _3£
2* Little Prices full of Sixes That Will Bring Crowds to Our Great B %c flannelettes, medium colors. no «¥»
_JC FANCY MIXED CHEVIOT. very SIX-DAY SALE. Price cut to the six mark. For six - D °$°
_JC pretty colorl Dps, regular 6 bit*. This P.PJC days Yard c ¥°
HP : at! 1 .' 8 . 0 ?. 1 !"? 0 . 8 : °. a .*? forslxd " y> ?«d LADIES' TAN COLORED KID GLOVES, sizes 6>^, 6«, 6%, four A(* n ■ %£
°y® . '**• '*"* buttons, embroidered backs. A big bargain for six days at. Pair t:DU 3u
_£ No. 9 SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, all silk, in pink, blue, £„ B m' JS^ii^. 6° 3&
3u lyT/^TTI/^IVTC I yellow, green, brown and black. For our great Six sale... Yard DO fine absorbent, six-day sale price.... Yard ©o=>
060 iS\j 1 lurNo z °$°
cAo PILLOWCASE LACE, an extra good value, 3 A to 6 inches wide. (* n ;— <$>
2? duck table squares 36 inches On the tables for 6 days only at Yard DO 100 30^ HDCK Tol(VELgi an „. £g
<% i q .^.sc% a «h^«x^-c.feaie Or it 16° PLAIN MESH VEILING, brown, tan, navy, white and black, an £ o Serial 'vaufe-^mo^ 0 Sesst W For 86° X
X ducti0nt0. !!?..".. ...* ?..._.._ .... Each exceptional value at 10c yard. Price down to a six for six days' DC sixdaysoniy. Dozen O
f» """"" ;____ * en selling Yard ' . A
O "^x^iaSt^F-^SL^TfS 9£C BLACK WIRE HAIRPINS, 2% to 3 inches long. Six papers for.. fi bleached sheeting. 7 feet 6 inches 6
m^ are regular 35c. Six o'clock sale re- —yD \3\J wide— wide enough for the biggest ' JtL
X dUCUOnl ° — PaU M. K. STOCKINET DRESS SHIELDS, medium size, a 10c shield. £„ a&^r'^a 16° §
V all-silk sativ and gros-grain Special for 6 days : \ Pair DC for the 6 o'clock sale to. Yard C%
#» RIBBON, pink, blue, yellow, green, QC i&.
0 brown and black. No. 9. Six-day Yard "|[__ff A f "D™^ I^fc T"l_ i/^k f^ COMFORTERS, uood big size, heavy _C
O sP eci *»»t Yard A B T^l F\/\/^ COMFORTERS, eood big size, heavy jfa
BK ■ ' ■ /\A rl B rd B— £ h if H ■ »>_. chintz covered, pure while cotton C\OC \W
€/ PLAIN MESH VEILING, »xtra cheap no IB A-4a H lll_- B«T I 0 tilled, a great value at a little price. OD J\
, _ at 10c, brown, tan, navy, white or O H M. / ». H <_f B __W 1 1 W H^W H. 9A. Jf m* a For the next six days. .Each \f
Is black. Forsixdays Yard "^ m —^—^ — »—^ — »• V j _^
O PILLOWCASE LACE-Good quality. „_ . INCORPORATED, ' rsnrHirTßPiiiiiw'.i^ii * ~~~ €9
r "ILLOWCASE LACE— Good quality, £»C . nnnrßirTi!T>nriT\a'iij.(ini -1. iff
§■ »£yßanaMss.ss t£ 937 939. 941. 943. 945 Market St. °^T_f^S2sSS 2£ }
PECULIAR CASE
OF R. L PAYNTER.
Found Unconscious With
All the Gas Jets
Turned On.
WILL LIKELY RECOVER.
He Registered at a Hotel Under
the Name ot James McGraw
of Oakland.
HIS WIFE AWAY ON A VISIT.
All His Friends Scut the Idea oi
Attempted Suicide and Talk
of Foul Play.
R. L. Paynter, collector for W. A. Car
roll, broker, 328 Montgomery street, was
found in an unconscious cond.tion in his
room at the Hotel Becker, 18 Mason street,
about 9 o'clock ye-terday morning. The
gas was turned on irom every jet and it
looked as if suicide had been intended.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in the patrol-wagon and every effort was
made by Dr. Fitzgibbon to restore him to
consciousness, and last night he was pro
nounced out of anger.
About 3 o'clock yesterday morning
Paynter went to the hotel and engaged a
room from George Fisher, the night clerk.
He registered as "James McGraw, Oak
land." He appeared to be perfectly sober
and nothing out of the ordinary was no
ticed in his manner or speech.
After engaging the room Paynter went
to 501 a Franklin street, where his mother,
sUter and brother-in-iaw live. Paynter's
wife has been visiting friends at theColusa
House, 101014 Washington street, Oak
land, since last Friday night and he had
been sharing bis brother-in-law's room.
What passed between them is not known,
but Paynter left the house and returned to
his room in the hotel.
The nigbt Dorter noticed about 5 o'clock
yesterday morning that Paynter's room
was empty and the window was open, so
that be must have returned after that
hour. About 9 o'clock one of the servants
smelled gas escaping from his room and he
was found unconscious in bed.
What led to his Identity were some of
Carroll's business cards that were found
in his pockets. Carroll was communica
ted with, and he notified Paynter's rela
tives. His mother was soon at the hos
pital, and in the afternoon his sister and
brother-in-law and other relatives called
to see him.
All the members of the family were very
uncommunicative, as they were afraid of
the papers publishing anything about
him. His mother scouted the idea of sui
cide and expressed the belief that her son
had met with foul play, but from whom or
why she had not the remotest idea. It
was not robbery, as the money— s3— he
had in his pocket when he engaged the
room «vas found where he had put it and
nothing else bad been taken.
"My son is 26 years of age, and has been
married five years," said Mrs. Paynter,
J.EV7 TO-DAT-DRT GOODS-
"and he and his wife have been devoted
to each other. They bave no children.
Friday night she went to visit friends in
Oakland and be was to have gone there
last night to stay until this morning, and
then bring her home. He left home with
that intention.
"He is steady in his habits, is not in
financial troubles, is happy in his domestic
relations, and I cannot see why he should
attempt to commit suicide. I cannot ex
plain why he went to the hotel and took a
room under an assumed name, but I am
sure he will be able to explain it satis
factorily."
Paynter regained consciousness last
night, but bis relatives positively refused
to allow him to make a statement, his
father even insisting that no stranger
should be permitted to go near his bed
side and treating inquirers with scant
courtesy.
Paynter's wife did not mafce her appear
ance at the hospital, although his mother
said early in the afternoon that she had
been sent for.
She was in Oakland with her mother,
Mrs. William Kane, at the Colusa, 1010»^
Washington street, where she was seen
and in:ormed of her husband's rash act.
"Oh, dear, 1 would like to expose that
woman. She in the cau*e of all our trou
bles," were the words she uttered when
she heard the news. Realizing, however,
what she had said she refused to go fur
ther, and asked for information as to his
condition and whereabouts and whether
she bad been sent for. She was greatly
agitated, and it was with d;fficulty t at
she restrained herself from a passionate
outbreak against "that woman. 1 '
Paynter was in charge of M. Brown &
Sons' branch paper-house here for some
time and was giver, to late hour", but was
not consid. red a drinking man. He has
been married five years and has a very
pretty little wife. They resided at the
Palmer House here and at other places for
several years. It was during this time
tnat he met a Mrs. Lottie Ci zzena, who
was the woman reierred to by Mrs. Paynter
in her first outbreak.
Mr. and Mrs. Cozzens have a 10-year-old
daughter and left here a year "ago ana
took tne Lazell House at Mason and Geary
streets, San Francisco. It was not long
before Mr. and Mrs. Paynter decided to go
to the City to reside and she insisted" on
going to Cozzens as she would know some
one, but he rather held back. But he gave
in and now she counts that as her fatal
mistake. About eigbt months ago Mr.
Paynter and Mrs. Cozzens disappeared and
the next heard of them was from Los
Angeles.
Cozzens, who was away at the time, \7as
sent for and Mrs. Paynter returned to her
mother. A couple of months later she
was taken seriously ill, and on being in
formed he came to her. He did not re
main lon., however, but a^ain went away
It is said Mrs. Cozzens is deeply in love
with Paynter, and that since he has been
under her influence he has taken to drink
ing heavily. He is believed to have be
come despondent and to escape it all he
took bis life.
One of Paynter's visitors last night was
a young lady, who told Steward Mogan to
ask Paynter's mother if she could be al
lowed to see him. Sne gave her name as
Miss Cozzens. Mogan took the message
and Mrs. Paynter gave her the necessary
permission. She remained beside him
while Mrs. Paynter went home to supper
A young man employed in Carroll's
office, who called at the hospital last
night, said that Paynter was a partner of
Carroll's.
Friday Night* Mhss- Meeting.
The first large meeting of *. the Citizens'
Charter Association will be held Friday night
at Metropolitan Temple. Horace Davis will
preside and James •D. Phelan will open the
meeting with a brief address. Irving M. Scott
one of the Freeholders, has consented to speak'
Colonel Thomas F. Barry will address the
meeting upon the educational provision in the
charter. Colonel M. H. Hecht will speak upon
the provision relating to the Fire Department
Frank McCoppln will speak upon • the charter
from the standpoint of. an ex-Mayor of the
City. James S. Conwell will' speak on behalf
ot the cyclers of the City. F. W. Dohrmann
will speak as a representative of the commer
cial interests of the City. Dr. Edward R.
Taylor and Henry N. Clement will present
arguments from a legal standpoint. (j-gj J
THOSE GOOD THINGS TO BE HAD
AT RATHJhIN BROS.
SPECIALS FORTBREE DAYS :
COLGATE'S TOILET SOAPS, Oatmeal, -*() r
Glycerine and Honey, box of 3 cakes, •**'*'
Regularly 35c.
PRESERVED GINGER, pot «/,
Reguiarly 50c. OOC
J. BAUMGARDNER'S OLD RYE WHIS- Q(\ r
KEY, b0tt1e........; " UC
Regularly $1.50.
PORT AND SHERRY, bottle lE/.
Choicest Native Wines, regularly 50c. »'«-'*'
LUNCH TONGUE, Libby, McNeil! & OAr
Hbby's, can -« UC
Repularly 25c.
PETITS POIS. Extra Fins. can. 'J^r
Regularly 35c. -«OC
RATHJEN BROS.,
21 STOCKTON ST., IVEAR MARKET.
Telephone Main 5522.
! Branch : 3253 Fillmore St., cor. Lombard.
Telephone West 152.
SEPTEMBER CATALOGUE READY. FREE.
Factory
Shoe
Selling!
Not like a retail store; none of the tricks
j and shams of the small tradesmen. A big
| business makes small prices. We bring
our shoes downstairs from the factory
direct to the salesroom no middlemen's
profit to pay. You get the best shoes at
the factory price. Note a few bargains in
ladies' shoes.
Ladies' Fine Vlcl Kid Button Boots, patent
tip, opera and Yale toe $200
Ladles' Fine Vicl Kid Button Boots, cloth
top, opera or Yale; 09 ........'. «2 00
Ladles' J-.xtra Fine Viol Kid Button Shoe.
pat. tip, all styles of toe. $-'50
Ladles' Extra Fine Vlcl Kid Button Shoe, .
dotU top, pat. tip, all styles toe .......S'2 50
Same styles also in lac*.
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes at 6:30 P. M. Saturdays, tOP.M.
"USE THE MEANS AND HEAVEN WILL GIVE .
YOU THE BLESSING." NEVER NEGLECT
A USEFUL ARTICLE LIKE
SAPOLIO
"SUCH A CIRCUS"
As We'll Have
This Week in Our
Stationery
Department
JUST] ac Buys a pound of ~
NOW -LI HEAVY WRITING PAPER
Ji9l' .;CC Buys apo mil of "HL'RD'S"
NOW — O BKST WHITING PAPER
JUS r QXO Buys 126 HEAVY. ENVELOPES,
NOW OO 'Irish 1 Inen" or Cream Wove
JU*T 1 CU Buys a quire of -HUBD'S" *
NOW 1 0 IRI-H LIXKN-5 sizes and tints
JI)»TI'JU Buys a box of "MIiiNON " ~~
Ki'TV 1O SIZE PAPKR-all shades
JUST I ?<C Buys a box of uCT^VOsIZE
SaW 1 «-> PAPER— smooth or rouTh '
JUST \)QC Buys a box of "HUKD'S" BKST *
NOW £d —In all tints
JU-T QPvC Buys a Ream of
NOW JO TYPEWRITING PAPER
JUST L^i\C Buys 100 VISITING CARDS—
NOW UU including printing
THE "MONOPRESSE" FOR 2 LETTER QXO
MONOGRAM OO
Note.— All styles of Monograms and Engraving
done at short notice.
Don't Miss Our
TEAPOT SALE
This Week.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LAM GRILL ROOM
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.