VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 100.
REPUBLICANS SEE
SUCCESS AHEAD
Favorable Reports Received
From Many Sections
of the Union.
DEMOCRATIC ANXIETY.
Bryan's Vote to Be Weakened
by the Bourbon Sound
Money Ticket
MANY TO FOLLOW VERMONT.
Several States That Were Regarded
Doubtful Will Give McKinley
a Majority.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 7.—Mem
bers of the Republican campaign commit
tee regard as unusually favorable reports
received from Texas, Alabama and
Louisiana, and declare that the sound
money ticket will serve in each of these
States to reduce the Democratic vote.
Nor are the reports from the West dis
couraging, and Minnesota, Wisconsin,
Michigan and Nebraska are considered
safely Republican. These States were
regarded as doubtful at .the beginning of
the campaign.
Senator Gorman was at Democratic
headquarters to-day. Exactly what part
the Senator proposes to take in the cam
paign has been for some time a matter of
speculation. The fact lhat he spent
nearly an hour in earnest consultation
with Senator Faulkner lent substance to a
rumor that he will give the campaign
managers the benefit of his advice. Sen
ator Faulkner was not willing to make
known the subject of their discussion.
The anxiety of Democratic leaders in
creases. They fear that the Maine elec
tion will emphasize the lack of interest in
the silver movement throughout the New
England States. Maine's majority for the
Republican ticket will be, it is appre
hended, proportionately as large as that
of Vermont, and anticipating this some of
the managers are bewailing the mistake
made by the Chicago convention in select
ing as a candidate for the Vice-Presidency
a man who cannot strengthen the ticket
either in hia own or any other State.
Chairman JBabcock of the Republican
Committee said to The Call correspond
ent:
"The Maine election will be a pointer
upon the general situation and prospects
throughout the country. If Maine gives
30,000 Republican majority or better it
will be pretty good evidence of the trend
of public opinion. After all it is the natu
ral trend of aflairs that forms the best ba
sis of estimate. It is like a woodsman
dropping a piece of bark in a sluggish
stream to observe the direction of the cur
rent. The general trend of affairs before
an election, when it becomes known, has
a powerful effect upon public opinion.
You let it become apparent that the tide
is setting a certain way and it swells in
volume by accessions until nothing can
stop it.
"The effect of the Republican victory in
Vermont shows more than anything else
tne truth of this. It has stimulated pub
lic confidence to such an extent that
values in the stock market have appre
ciated more than $100,000,000 in a week.
People are encouiagod to look for sound
money victories in November, business is
stimulated, capital takes new hope to it
self, and there is relief through a Republi
can victory in even one State.
The calm judgment of those, who as
spectators, attended the National Conven
tion of sound-money Democrats at Indian
apolis, is that it was one of the most im
portant political gatherings ever assembled
in this country. There are good and sub
stantial reasons for believing that it will
insure the election of a sound-money Pre
sident. The Republican victory in Ver
mont was unquestionably of significance
as showing how solid the East is for a
sound financial system. But Vermont's
elections do not always influence voters in
the West and South, which will be the
real battlefields of the momentous struggle
for the preservation of the gold, standard.
It was, therefore, necessary to organize in
to an effective protest the sentiment
which exists in these sections against the
proposed debasement of the currency, and
the Indianapolis convention did this more
successfully than it could have been done
through any otner agency.
If it be asked what this convention has
d one the reply is that in every important
State of the West and South it has pro
vided for vigorous and aggressive opposi
tion to theuti-D.'mocratic principles enun
ciated by the Chicago convention. In
Illinois. lowa, Indiana, Missouri, Kansas,
Nebraska. Ohio and California; in the
Northwest, Minnesota, Michigan and Wis
consin, and in the South, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Alabama, Florida and Texas, it
has put the party of silver monometallism
on the defensive, and will weaken it im
measurably oy diverting thousands of
votes from Bryan. This is denied, of
course, by those who are championing the
cause of the Chicago nominees, but despite
their sneers they recognize the handwrit
ing on the wall, for they know that this
convention has deprived him of all
chance of winning some important States
which they had counted upon.
There is an element in the Democratic
party that could not under any circum
stances be induced to vote for a Republi
can, although they woul<i be fully justified
in resenting tne proposed abandonment of
its time-bonored princ pies. To this ele
ment the Indianapolis convention will
address itself with every assurance of
fruitful results. And when the fight has
been made and won the masses who get
their living by hard and relentless toil will
realize that they have been saved from
approving a movement that if successful
would have brought them only suffering.
It is for the purpose of convincing this
class of voters, whose loyalty to party is so
great that they wouia vote almost for tneir
The San Francisco Call
own destruction unless they are enlight
ened, that the Indianapolis convention
was held.
GOOD NEWS FOR McKINLEY.
Cheering Telegrams Continue to Pour
Into Canton.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 7.— Major McKin
ley had something of a holiday to-day.
He read letters and newspapers most of the
morning and viewed t c Labor-day bicy
cle parade from his porch. He was cheered
by those in the parade and so was the
handsome new flag wtjich was unfurled in
honor of the occasion. At noon about
twenty newspaper correspondents called
on Major McKinley to shake han<ls with
him and congratulate him on the manner
in which he is sustaining the continuous
hard work of the campaign. In the after
noon Mr. McKinley took a long drive into
the country.
This evening a number of friends came
in and he and Mrs. McKinley spent the
time in chatting with them and listening
to some vocal and instrumental music.
Several delegations have asked for dates
to-day. Among those expecting to come
to Canton soon is a large delegation of
women from Cleveland.
Major McKinley had a number of callers
this evening. Among them were: J. G.
Johnston of Montana, Representative S.
Harris of Ohio, Colonel Fisher of Denver,
Colonel Wilbur Wakeman of New York,
Colonel R. B. Brown of Zanesville and
Hon. J. M. Ickes of Newark, Ohio.
Among the dispatches received late this
evening were the following:
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 7. — Hon. William Mc-
Kinley: As a bit of good news for Labor day,
I take pleasure in informing you that the
number of railway men's sound-money clubs
now organized has reached 300, with an aggre
gate membership of 120,000, and the ball
has only started rolling.
Harry P. Robinson.
Editor of the Railway Age.
WAGON MOUND, N. Mex., Sept. 7.— Hoe.
William McKinley: Santa Fe, No. 1, overland
for California, polled: McKinley 27, Bryan 6.
There were two gold Democrats voted for
McKinley. By Passengers.
GRAND ARMY MAN SPEAK.
Generals Sickles and Alger Address a
Large Audience.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Sept. 7.— The first of
the McKinley meetings which will beheld
through the West by G. A. K. generals,
was held at Memorial Hall to-night.
Generals D. E. Sickles of New York and
R. A. Alger of Detroit, addressed tte ca
pacity of the hall, which holds some 4000
people. The meeting was held under the
auspices of the local branch of the Union
Veterans' Patriotic League, of which Gen
eral Sickles was one of the founders.
Riots at Elections in Spain.
MADRID, Spain, Sept. 7.— The election
for the Councils General of Madrid and
the other provinces were held yesterday.
In most cases the Government candidates
were successful. In Barcelona the elec
tions resulted in a riot, during which the
voting urns were smashed. Knives and
revolvers were used by the rioters and
three persons were seriously wounded.
Philippine Jirbrlt Active.
MADRID, Spain, Sept. 7.— A dispatch
to the Imparcial from Hongkong says
that 1000 rebels have entered the town of
San Isidro, capital of the province of
Nueva Ecija, Island of Luzon, the princi
pal island of the Philippine group, and
taken prisoners the Governor, his secre
tary and a priest. The rebels were led by
Santollano, a half-breed.
END OF THE RELAY RACE
The Transcontinental Trip Is
Made in 13 Days 29 Minutes
41-5 Seconds.
Scenes of Great Enthusiasm as the
Pouch Arrives at Its Desti
nation.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 7.— The Jour
nal-Examiner bicycle relay race which
began in San Francisco at noon on August
25 ended in front of the Journal office on
Park Row in this city at 3:29:04 1-5 this
afternoon. The actual time for the race
was 13 days 29 minutes 4 1-5 seconds.
The pouch which has come across the
country contains two letters, one addressed
to Postmaster Dayton from the Postoffice
Department in San Francisco, the other
from Colonel Scnaefer, addressed to the
major-general in command of the Depart
ment of the East at Governors Island.
E. F. Boffinger received the pouch at
Yonkers at 2:23 p. m., and immediately
started for Kingsbridge, accomoanied by
several local riders. At Kinssbridge
Fred J. Titus of the Riverside Wheelmen,
who holds the ten-mile record, received
the pouch, and together with O. S. Brandt
of the same club, they started the last re
lay of the race
Coming throngh Kingsbridge they were
accompanied by 100 cyclists, while Messrs,
Muller and Saunderson, on a tandem
geared to 123, started to pace the riders.
They had not gone far, however, when
the two relay riders left them in the
rear.
At Washington bridge Brandt's wheel
broke down and he was compelled to bor
row one from a member of tue party.
The route through the city was from
Washington bridge down St. Nicholas
avenue to the boulevard, to Seventy-sec
nd street, down Broadway to City Hall
Park and over to the Journal office.
All along the line crowds of wheelmen
were waiting for the riders to pass and
joined in the party that followed, but
they were soon distanced, and when the
two riders reached their destination there
were only seven followers.
On the stand erected in front of the
Journal office were Postmaster Dayton,
A R. Grant, who had charge of the race
ana started the first rider at San Fran
cisco, and W. R. Hearst, proprietor of the
San Francisco Examiner and New York
Journal.
The pouch was opened by Postmaster
Dayton, while the crowd in front ot the
office shouted and cheered. The letter
addressed to him was .found in a
linen envelope, which was covered
with si natures and postmarks of
the Postmasters of the cities throu h
which the pouch was carried. The Poat
master opened the letter and found that it
contained a formal announcement of the
rider leaving Saa Francisco for the pur
pose of establishing a record.
The letter which is to go to Governors
Island wi;l be delivered to-morrow morn
ing at 8 o'clock.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
LABOR'S BIG DAY
DULY OBSERVED
An Address by President
Debs of the A. R. U.
a Feature.
EMANCIPATION TO COME
Says the Workingman Will Win
the Great Battle for
Freedom.
INDUSTRIAL SYSTEMS DOOMED
Many Celebrations in Which Parades
and Orations Are the Regular
Order.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Sept. 7.— The
Labor day celebration here was the largest
both in the parade and the attendance at
the fair grounds on record. President
Debs of the American Railway Union
presided at the meeting and spoke briefly.
After asking what is to be the theme of
Labor day, and saying that if it is low wages
it would require "a Webster, a Clay or a
Bryan to do it justice," Mr. Debs pro
ceeded as follows:
Is it wage-slavery? We behold the managers
of our great railways, trusts and monopolies in
every form engaged In intimidating their em
ployes, giving them to understand that they
mu»t vote for their own degradation or suffer
the blacklist ostracism, worse than the Si
berian curse If that is the topic for Labor
day orators it is continental in its sweep. Let
us oelebrate the eternal truth that in America
a toiler is a sovereign citizen; that he holds
the ballot, and if he has the, courage to wield
it as becomes a free man, then, in that event,
Labor day cxpnnds to colossal grandeur and
becomes a iecond Fourth of July. The battle
for industrial freedom has begun.
How fiercely it may wage, or whether it
shall be peaceful or violent, it beyond the ken
of mortal man; but that the hosts of labor will
be finally triumphant is as inevitable as the
ebb and flow of the tides. And yet there are
those wtio refuge to believe that there Is any
conflict, any great wrong to be righted, and
with a zeal and intensity worthy of a better
cause, they uphold the existing order of things
and constantly pour their wrath, upon the
brave and noble few who would rescue op
pressed and suffering humanity from condi
tions which make earth a bell and lite a con
tinuous torture. '
In the bweep of the present industrial sys
tem humanity bag been divided into three
classes— the capitalistic class, the middle class
and the working class. The capitalistic class
represent* 9 per cent of the population and has
71 per cent of the wealth ; the middle class rep
resents 34 per cent of the population and has
24 percent of the wealth, while the working
cia-s, representing 52 per cent of the popula
tion, nas 5 per cent of the wealth. Not only
this, but the workingman of to-day lives by
permission. If he dare protest his master
doomi his wife and chi dren to starvation.
Do I overdraw the picture? Let the thou
sands who work on our southern railways an
swer if they dare. Let the tens of thousands of
Both together— "Who are you?"
There'll Be Feathers a-Flying in the Air.
■unken-eyed and hollow-cheeked of both
sexes, victims of the sweating bells, bear hag
gard testimony. The present industrial sys
tem is doomed. It is founded on false econom
ics and is shaking in the grasp of the test of
ages. From its ruins will rise the co-operative
OTHER CELEBRATIONS.
Imrtje. Parades Throughout r the State*
.." . and Canada. ,
> CINCINNATI. Ohio, Sept. 7. -Labor
day was celebrated here in the usual man
ner. About 3000 men took part in the pa
rade this morning, representing the differ
ent, trade unions. The afternoon and
evening were spent at the different re
sorts.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept 7.— Labor
day was universally observed. All the
•shops and factories were closed. The
weather was delightful. The parade of
the labor unions in the Jmorning was the
grandest in the history of Cleveland.
Twelve thousand men were in line.
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. Labor day
in this city was more generally observed
to-day than ever before. There was a
parade of labor unions in the morning in
which more than 10,000 working people
participated. After the parade the labor
unions went to Belle Isle Park, where a
lon programme of games was run off in
the afternoon. . ;. '
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 7.— Labor day was
celebrated' to-day somewhat more exten
sively than usual. The weather was clear
and cool and the procession was the
largest ever, Been here on a similar occa
sion. The day was observed iv various
other ways, chiefly outdoor sports, pic
nics, etc. .
f NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 7. -Labor day
was generally observed ,in thin State. All
the .exchanges, and banks were closed,
while business was more generally sus
pended than on any occurrence of the day
in preceding years. The weather was cool
and clear and well adapted to the many
outdoor games scheduled among the day's
amusements. -
The attendance at the parade last year
was so small that it was decided by the
committee having the matter in charge to
abandon it this year. The architectural
ironworkers was the only organization
that paraded to-day.
In Brooklyn the day was observed in a
manner similar to that in this city. .
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 7.— Labor day
was observed in the usual manner. The
Allied Trades associations held a joint
parade at noon and marched to Concordia
Park .to listen to speeches and witness
athletic games.
OMAHA, Nebb., Sept. 7.— Labor day
was observed in this city generally but
was devoid of demonstration,; barring a
picnic at Syndicate Park :at which ad
dresses were made by Governor Holcomb,
Mayor Broatch and Edward Roaewater of
Omaha and 8. G. Kent of Lincoln. The
mention of Mr. Bryan's name was cheered
to the echo.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Sept Labor
day was observed here as a legal holiday.
The weather was pleasant. The "working
men's societies met on the '.Champ de !
Mars and then paraded through the
principal streets of ; the east end of the
city to , the . exhibition grounds, where a
whole round of speech-making, dancing,
etc., was gone through.
TORONTO, Ontario, Sept. The pa
rade of labor organizations here to-day in
celebration of Labor day was the greatest
in the. history of 'organized labor in this
,city. ;i There were several thousand men in 5
line. Nearly 'all of the labor organiza- i
tions ' that participated had floats repre
senting their -.respective callings. The
afternoon was consumed -in games and
speech-making.
GLARING FRAUDS
ARE COMMITTED
Democrats Run Things as
They Please Down
in Arkansas.
RULE' OF THEIR JUDGES
Election Returns Tampered With
in Twenty Counties of
the State.
JONES IS ELECTED GOVERNOR.
Several Clashes Occur in Doubtful
Sections Between Bourbons
and Populists.
LITTLE ROCK, Abk., Sept. 7.—Re
turns at midnight from the election in
this State are as yet very incomplete on
account of the length of the ticket. The
count is progressing slowiy.
Telegrams received from the interior np
to this hour indicate an increase in the
vote of two years ago and an increase in
the Republican vote of lrom 40 to 50 per
cent over the vote of two years ago. The
Republican State Committee issues the
following statement:
In at least twenty counties of the State
the Democracy have used the election
machinery In a most fraudulent manner.
The law prohibiting the selection from
one political party of more than two out
of three judges of election in each voting
precinct has been openly violated.
In some of the counties the Election
Commissioners have appointed none but
Democratic judges. In the counties
where tnese judges are in absolute control
of the election machinery the mo>t glaring
frauds are reported to-night. From mea
ger returns received from counties in
which Republicans had representation on
election boards, Remmell, R publican
candidate for Governor, received a largely
increased vote over bis vote of two years
ago.
Owing to the large number of counties
beyond the reach of telegraph and tele- j
phone facilities the returns from to-day's j
election are slow in reaching headquar
ters. Semi-official returns received from
fourteen of the principal counties of the
State give Daniel W. Jones (D.), free sil
ver candidate for Governor, a plurality of
18,000. The Populists scratched Files,
their candidate for Governor, and voted
almost solidly for Jones, as did many of
the sound-money Democrats, wno voted
at all. The prohibition vote throughout
the State shows a marked decrease.
The count an to 10 o'clock to-night
gives the license people 650 majority and
it is now believed that the total vote of
the county will increase this to 1800.
Several clashes occurred in the doubtful
counties between tee Democrats and
Populists. Notably was this the case at
Clinton, Van Buren County, the place
where Congressman Dinsmore was assault
ed last week. Clinton is twenty-five miles
from the nearest telegraph office and it
is impossible to learn full particulars, but
it is thought here that no serious results
came of the riot. White County, the
birthplace of the Populists, has gone
Democratic, while Newton, Searcy and
Madison have rolled up their usual Re
publican majorities for legislative and
county offices. This county, the largest in
the State, polled 6000 votes, and the Demo
cratic majority will reach 3500. The Re
publicans had no ticket in the county, the
opposition being an independent ticket
composed of men a majority of whom are
but little known.
Official returns received from the fol
lowing counties late to-night gave Jones'
majorities as follows: Miller (Texarkana),
600; Phillips (Helena), 1100; Woodruff,
1900 out of a total vote of 2500; Franklin,
800; Lafayette, 500; Sharp, 1700. If these
majorities are kept up throughout the
S:a - e Jones and the entire Democratic
ticket will receive 60.000 majority.
PLOT TO BREAK JAIL
Timely Search »f Their Cells Prevents
the Escape of Pearl Bryan's
Murderers.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Sept. 7.— A negro
prisoner named Walker was searched last
night by a turnkey in the Covingtou jail
and a 38-caliber revolver was found in his
pocket
Walker occupied a cell adjoining the
ones occupied by Jackson and Walling.
The jailer suspected a plot to break jail
ard ordered the cells searched. In Wai
ling's cell half a dozen saws were found.
Both Walling and Jackson protest their
innocence, but the jail officials think the
plot was to have been carried out at 6
o'clock this morning, when only two men
would be on guard.
A search of Jackson's cell this afternoon
disclosed two fine steel saws hidden be
tween the sole and lining of an extra pair
of tan shoes which belonged to the i ris
oner. The revolver found in Walker's
pocket has been positively identified as
one owned by Walling before his arrest.
A rigid investigation will be made as to
how it got into Walker's possession.
STARRED IN THE ABDOMEN..
George Frank Fatally Wounded During
a Street fight.
DES MOINES, lowa, Sept. 7.— George
FranK, who lives at 264 West Forty-sixth
street, New York, was stabbed to-night by
Mike Harris, and will die. Frank wa-
Bitting on a curbstone on a crowded corner
of the leading business street, when Har
! ris, with his brother Michael and George
Sloan, approached him. The three had
been drinkmtr heavily, and without any
provocation William Harris assaulted
Frank. Frank got up and was adminis
tering a sound thrashing to Harris, when
Mike Harris drew a dirK-tnife and stabbed
Frank six times in the side and abdomen.
The kniie went into its hilt at each cut.
Hundreds of people crowded around, but
were unable to do anything, because the
assault was committed so quickly, The
three men were placed under arrest.
better- Carriers Sleet.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Sept. 7.— The
first session of the seventh annual conven
tion of the National Letter-carriers' Asso
ciation was held to-night in St. Cecelia's
Hall. About 2000 people were present.
Addresses of welcome were ma le by Post
master Thomas E. Carroll and Mayor
Stow. Responses were made by Postmas
ter Washington Hesinc of Chicago, John
J Ennght ol Detroit, James AtKinson or
Fall River, Masa., Richard P. Quinn of
Philadelphia, Charles D. Cutler of Bostoto
and John Parsons of New York.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
UDELL EXPOSES
BARLCW'S RECORD
Turns Back to the Scandal
Following White's
Election.
VALUE OF A PLEDGE.
Promises Made to Democrats
Soon Broken by the
Populist.
DENOUNCED AS A TRAITOE.
The Bimetallic Party Secretary Urges
Sixth District Voters to
Defeat Him.
Los Angeles Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway, >
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept 7. J
The following open letter by Alva
Udell, secretary of the American Bimetal
lic party in California, will form the basis
for a protest against the candidacy of C.
A. Barlow for Congress in this district,
which, it is expected, will be numerously
signed by Democratic, Populist and Bi
metallic voters prior to the meeting of the
Democratic County convention.:
To the Members of the Democratic Congressional
District Committees of the Sixth Congressional
District and to the Delegates to the Democratic
County Convention of Los Angeles County, Cal.~
Sirs: In the thirtieth Legislature of Califor
nia the Democracy had 59 members, the Re
publicans 52 members, the Populists 8 mem«
bers and the Non-Partisans 1 member.
The membership of the joint assembly being
full, it required sixty-ons voles to elect a
United States Senator for the term beginning
March 4, 1893. It appears that among the
Populists in said Legislature were Aaron Bretz,
elected from Alameda County, and Charles A.
Barlow from San Luis Obispo county, both of
whom, to secure their election, hid given the
Democrats of their respective counties certain
specific pledges, made orally or in writing, and
of which the following is substantially a copy:
Aukeda, CaL, 10-27-92.
To the executive committee of the Democratic del*
gation of the Forty-seventh. Assembly District of
Alameda County, CaL— Messrs. : I hereby pledge
myself to your delegation that I will, if elected to
the Assembly from this district, support the Dem
ocratic caucus nominee for the United States Sen
ate, in case it is not possible to elect the People's
party nominee.
This pledge is made and delivered with the un
derstanding that it shall be made public in no cas»,
except that I fail to keep it. It Is also understood
and agreed by both parties that It shall remain in'
the possession of the Alameda Democratic Club, '
and if 1 am not elected It is to be returned to ma
immediately after the election, and if I am.
elected It is to be returned to me as soon as I have
voted for the Democratic nominee. A. Bbktz.
I am credibly inrormed, and stand ready to
prove by my informants, that Charles A. Bar
low made substantially the same pledge as
above to the Democrats of San Luis Obispo
County during the election campaign in the
year 1892. It further appears that said
Charles A. Barlow, after being eiected
to said Legislature, but before the same had
convened, and with intention to act and vote
in violation of his pledge above mentioned,
did sign, together with all the People'a party
representatives, an agreement to vote upon
all political matters as a unit, uDon the agree
ment of a majority, in the words and figures
following:
December 31, 1892.— We, the undersigned mem
bers of the Legislature, In People's party caucus
assembled, do hereby pledge onrse yes to each
other that during the thirtieth session of the
Legislature we will, in all matters wherein the
principles of the People's party are Involved, act
together as a unit and be governed in each action
by the will of a majority of the caucus, expressed
by a majority vote therefor.
Charles A. Bablow.
A. Bretz.
M. Thohab Jr.
W. A. VAMM.
T. J. Kkrns.
C. F. Bennett,
P. K. Adams.
H. J. T. Jacobsev.
It also appears that on January 12, 1893, the
members of the People'a party caucus above
mentioned nominated one Thomas V. Cator
for the United States Senate, to be voted for by
said joint assembly, in which, the Populists
having but eight votes, it does not appear how
they could expect to elect their candi
dates, unless they secured for him the
united strengtn of the forty-two Republicans,
whose votes could not be obtained without the
consent of the Southern Pacific Company of
Kentucky. Under such circumstances it
clearly meant a sale of the People's party
candidate to that corporation to secure his
election to the Senate, and it is
idle to assume that the Democrats, with,
only two votes to obtain, would have
broken away from their candidate, when
they held the specific pledges of more than
enough Populists to elect him. Iv view of
these facts Mr. Kerns, on the 18th of January,
1893, gave his vote to the Democratic candU
date and elected him to the Senate of the
United States. Neither Barlow norßretzcver
voted for the Democratic nominee, but the
action of Mr. Kerns in so voting caused Mr.
Bretz to charge the corrupt use of money to
secure the election of said Democratic Unitud
Slates Senator.
, It also appears that by an almost unanimous
vote the Assembly of said Legislature on Janu
ary 19, 1893, adopted the following::
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be ap
pointed by the Speaker of the Assembly to fully
investigate tb« charge and words us<"d b.- Assem
blyman Bretz In the joint assembly for the
elec lon of United States Senator on January
18. 1893, wherein Mr. Brcntz used the woraa
in joint assembly as follows, to wit: "We believe
tnisciiange was brought about by the corrupt use
of money, and we believe that Marion 'Jannon waa
the negotiator"; and that said committee Is fully
empowered to investigate aaid charge; to send for
persons and papers and is required to report to the
Assembly the results of its investigation.
It also appears that on January 30, 1893,
said Assembly, by a vole of 60 to 16, took ap
propriate action providing for the censure of
Mr. Bretz, and suspended him from participa
tion in their deliberations for a period of
one week. This sentence was imposed
in pursuance of the unanimous finding
by said committee that the charge made by
Aaron Bretz "was false and untrue in every
respect" and "that not the slightest taint of
corruption or wrongdoing in any respect at
taches to either Hon. Marion Cannon or Hon.
T. J. Kerns in the matter of said election of
said United States Senator."
These findings were concurred in by the
Populist member of said select committee, and.
all the Democratic and Republican members
thereof recommended that Mr. Bretz be ex
pelled from the Assembly and his seat therein
declared vacant.
It also appears that in making the un
warranted and infamous accusation that2
a Democrat had been elected by
the corrupt use of money Aaron
Bretz was seconded and support*! by
Charles A. Barlow; for, on the evening of the
same day on which the false accusa
tion in the ioint assembly was made
Mr. Barlow was the first Populist to
sign, out of alphabetical order, cer
tain unwarranted resolutions denouncing the
means by which said Democrat was elected to
the United States Senate as" "false and treason
able and an outrage, humiliating and dis
graceful, and an infamous wrong to over a
-mUlion voters of the Nation now struggling to
enact measures which alone can save the
Nation from terrible evils.'
It further appears that on August 15, 1896,
said Charles A. Barlow was nominated as the
candidate of the People's party in the Sixth
Congressional district, and tUat a certain
joint committee in Han Francisco, claiming to
reprt-ssnt t!ie Democracy of said district, have
indorsed or nominated said Charles A. Baflow
as the Democratic candidate for Congress in
said Congressional district.
Wherefore,' and in view of the facts herein
set forth, I respectfully submit that said
Charles A. Barlow has not only forfeited the
confidence of the Democratic electors of said
district, but he has proved himself unworthy
the support of any citizen, be he Democrat,
Republican or Populist, and I hereby protest
against his nomination and election.
Alva Udell,
Secretary of the California Bimetallic League.
JO INS McKINLEY'S ARMY.
A Leading German Editor Denounces
the Bryan Democracy
i SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 7.— The Hon-
C. H. Lienau, editor and proprietor of the
Yolks Zeiturig, at St. Paui, the greatest
German daily of the Northwest, is in. the
city. For thirteen years Mr. Lienau was
in the Minnesota Legislature, as Repre
sentative and Senator, and he has, per
haps, the greatest influence of any Ger
• man in Minnesota. At present he is re
siding at Rediands, in this State, leaving
the management of the paper to his son.
"I have been a Democrat all my life,"
; paid Mr. Lienau to-day. "I was a Presi
dential elector for Fremont, in 1856, and
have been a Democrat ever since. But I
am not for Bryan. My paper will never
support any man who advocates a repudi
ation of the National debt or anything
that hints of National dishonorin finances
or in anything else. lam an out-and-out
McKinley man, and my paper is an out
and-out McKinley paper. ,< Naturally it
has- considerable influence as the only
i German daily in Minnesota.
"Minnesota," continued Mr. Lienau, "is
safe for McKinley. That State has a
large proportion of naturalized citizens
in it and they perceive more clearly some
how than the native Americans what
great need there is for a Inch protective
tariff and sound money in this country.
Men who were born and raised in the Old
World know what low wages mean, and
. they know a good thing in the United
j States when they see it. They are op
posed to anything that will reduce wages
' to the standard they know so weil in Eu
rope, They are in favor of a dollar that is
a dollar, and when they work hard for
their money they want it to be worth
something. That is the reason why Min
nesota is safe for McKinley."
"What is your opinion of California?"
"Well," replied Mr. Lienau, "when I
first came out to the coast i perceived a
rabid silver sentiment. Everybody
seemed to be inoculated. But the in
formation that has come during the cam
• paign has taught voters more about the
. money question, and the more they study
it the iess they are for silver. ' I see a
rapid reduction in the number of silver
. ites and a decided abatement in the ultra
' views of those who still espouse that cause.
If the campaign would only continue six
months you would not find as many sil
verites as there are prohibitionists now.
1 The campaign of education is bringing
them around to McKinley and sound
' money. They are seeing plainer every
' day that prosperity cannot be attained by
• 'monkeying' with the stability of the
money of the country. They were crazy
J lor a change, and when silver was sprung
I they went lor it open-mouthed; but now
f they are seeing their error. By Novem
• ber I expect to see an immense falling off
in the adherents of the silver craze and the
defeat of those who still cling to that
fallacy."
NEUNRE'S REPUBLICAN RALLY.
Auspicious Opening of the Campaign in
the Alatif-da County Village.
NEWARK, Cal., Sept. 7.— The Repub
lican campaign opened here with the or
ganization of a McKinley and Hobart
Club, seventy-five strong, and a rousing
meeting at Watkins Hall, which was
crowded to suffocation. Old-line Demo
crats figured conspicuously in the audi
dience.
County Central Committeeman C. M. C.
Peters of Niles called the meeting to or
der. After stating its object to be the or
ganization of a McKinley and Hobart
Club, and that a similar club would be
organized at Niles on Saturday evening,
when Hon. J. T. Dare and Hon. Louis
Titus, of San Francisco, would address the
citizens of Niles and vicinity, he intro
duced the chairman of the evening, J. B.
Terrill.
Chairman Terriil »j.med the following
vice-pre«idents: John Dugan, F. C. Jar
vis. W. F. Pike, James W. Clark, W. H.
Ford, Senator J. L. Beard, James Black,
L. E. Osgood, Josepn Mowry, J. M.
Brewer. F. B. Granger, Edward Whip pie,
P. M. Smith. Howard Emerson, 8. Sand
holdt, J. C. Mattos. Jr., E. P. Brandon.
Short addresses were delivered by Sena
tor J. L. Beard and F. E. Smith. Hon. S.
J. Duckworth of Monterey spoke for an
hour and a hall devoting his attention to
the money and tariff issues.
His address was a masterpiece and won
much applause- Every reference to Mc-
Kinley and protection wa9 loudly cheered.
To-night's meeting marks the inaugura
tion of an aggressive campaign in this part
of Alameda County, from which great re
sults are expected.
MAQUIRE MEETS A FROST.
Addresses Aot Over a Score of People at
the State Fair.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 7.— lf the
reception accorded to Congressman James
G. Maguire at the Agricultural Pavilion
this morning, when he appeared to advo
cate free coinage, is to be taken as a cri
terion of the interest displayed in that
subject by the people of Sacramento city
and county, then Bryan, the champion
of that theory, will have to look to other
portions of the State for the alarming ma
jority which the Democrats are boasting
he will obtain. Maguire : s reception was
frosty In tbe extreme. There were scarcely
more than a score of people present, and
these seemingly preferred to stroll around
among the exhibits and admire the agri
cultural products, the glittering array of
stone and tin ware, or the floral beauty of
the conservatories to sitting and absorb
ing ihe utterances of this polished master
of the Saxon language, as he explained to
them the dire necessity of extending for
another four years the rule of the party
of closed factories and products unsalable.
The respect which Maguire has inspired
even among his political enemies in this
city is too well known to permit the belief
that the luck of interest and the paucity
of audience could be attributed to the
speaker's unpopularity. It was tbe policy
be advocated that induced the frost. His
failure to obtain the audience of the people
of Sacramento County but proves that the
people of this section are flocking to the
standard of McKinley and protection.
"DELAN CLMT BE ELECTED."
Congressman Apxley Predicts an Over'
whelming Majority ■ for McKinlry.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 7.—Congress
men W. McCall and L. D. Apßley of Mas
sachusetts, who have been cam pa i.
on the Pacific Coast, under the auspices of
the Republican Congressional Campaign
Committee, passed through Seattle yester
day from Tacoma, in which city they spoke
Saturday night, en route to Spokane,
where they were to address a meet*
ing to-night. Both spoke enthusiastic
ally of the outlook, Apsley predicting Me-
Kinley's election by a preater majority
than General Grant obtained over Greeley.
"Why, nobody knows better than Chair
man Jones that Bryan can't be elected,"
Apsley observed.
Of the situation in California McCall
said : "The people of that Btat« appear to
regard protection as the issue of para
mount importance in this campaign, and
I feel certain that Major McKinley will
carry both California and Oregon."
LABOR'S FORCE IS HEARD.
Workmen Oppose Colonel Otis' Efforts in
Behalf of Perkins.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Sept. 7.— After
the close of tbe speech-making at Agricul
tural Park this afternoon, under the
auspices of the Los Angeles County Coun
cil of Labor and the Building Trades of
the city, the following preamble and reso
lution were offered and unanimously
adopted. Owing to the near approach of
the Republican County Convention, where
candidates are to be nominated for the
State Assembly who will elect a United
States Senator to succeed George C. Per
kins, the resolutions are extremely signifi
cant:
Whereas, We look upon and know Harrison
Gray Otis of the Los Angeles Times to be the
deliberate foe to organized labor; and where
as, we are unalterably opposed to his methods
in politics and otherwise ; and whereas, it hav
ing come to our knowledge that He Is endeav
oring to secure tne indorsement at the ap
proaching County Convention of one certain
candidate for the United States Senate; there
fore, be it
Resolved, That we are opposed to having
legislative nominees instructed for any certain
candidate; and irs^re particularly when such
a candidate has the support and indorsement
of the said Harrison Gray Otis and the Los
Angeles Times.
HALLING AT ORDFILLE.
Issues of the Day Discussed From a
Republican Standpoint.
OROVILLE, Cal.. Sept. 7.— The first
Republican rally of the campaign was held
this evening in front of the Union Hotel.
Bonfires lighted up the town, salutes were
fired and there was a grand display of fire
works. A thousand people listened to the
speakers.
The meeting was called to order by
Colonel Babcock of Oakland, who spoue
briefly on the Republican platform and
the value of protection. Judge Walling of
Nevada City, the speaker of tbe evening,
was then introduced. He confined hia
speech principally to the money question,
declaring that tne Legislature could not
fix the value of silver, any more than it
could that of wheat, and that the free
coinage movement was only a scheme of
silver-mine owners to increase the value
of silver bullion.
Chandler to lour Washington.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 7.— The an
nouncement is made that Hon. Jeff Chan
dler of Washington City is to stump the
State of Washington in the interest of
Bryan and free silver, speaking at Seattle,
Tacoma, Spokane and probably other
cities.
■>apa Republican Primaries.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 7.— Republican pri
maries to choose delegates to the County
Convention next monday were held .to
day. Delegates favoring the renomina
tion of Superior Judge E. D. Ham were
successful ali over the county.
OAKLAND'S NEW MINISTER
Rev. C. R. Brown of Charlestown,
Mass., Accepts a Congre
gational Call.
Will Marry One of His Flock Before
Leaving for His New Field
of Labor.
BOSTON, Mass., September 5. — Rev.
Charles R. Brown, for the last four years
pastor of the Winthrop Congregational
Church of Cbarlestown, surprised his con
gregation to-day by resigning the pastor
ate and announcing that he had accepted
a call to the First Congregational Church
of Oakland, Cal. He will marry a Charles
town lady just before he leaves. The fol
lowing is Mr. Brown's letter in part:
I now desire to tell you that I have recently
been called to the pastorate of the First Con
gregational Church of Oakland, Cal. This
offer has come to me entirely unsought. I
have never even visited the field or met a
single member of that church. It stands
among the larger churches of our denomina
tion in a position of wide influence on the Pa
cific Coast and affords the greatest oppor
tunities for active service.
It is my feeling and the feeling of my friends
who are acquainted with tbe facts that I
ought to enter this opening. For many weeks
I have made the question a subject ot prayer,
and I am now firmly persuaded that my pres
ent duty lies in this Meld in the far \Ve«t.
I therefore hereby resign my office as pastor
of the Winthrop Church, to take effect Septem
ber 22, 1896. I ask you to consider this
resignation at an early date, and to join with
me in calling an ecclesiastical council for my
dismissal. I trust no effort will be made look
ing toward any reconsideration of this step,
for no further aciioji on your part could add
to the deep appreciation I already have of the
generosity and kindness you are so ready to
show your minister.
Mr. Brown came to Charlestown from
Cincinnati and this is his second pastor
ale. He is a graduate of the university of
lowa and Boston University. Mr. Brown
will close his connection with the Win
throp Church September 22, and go direct
to Oakland, beginning his work there Oc
tober 1. Before he leaves Cbarlestown he
is to be married to Miss Alice Tufts, 21
Oat street, the daughter of George F.
Tufts, treasurer of the Warren Institute
of Savings. He is to labor in his new
field through the fall and winter, and the
middle of February will start upon bis
wedding journey, visiting Egypt, Pales
tine and Europe.
RACING IN THE EAST,
Winning Horses on tit. Louis and Coney
Island Tracks. y.[\.:
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 7.— The following
are to-day's results:
Six and a half furlongs, Roundelay won
Amelia Fonso second, Gold Corn third. Time,
1:21%.
Five and a half furlongs, Forsythe -won, Tago
second, Oella third. Time, 1:09.
Six furlongs. Addie Buchanan won, Aquinas
second, Buckvidere third. Time, I:l4}^.
Mile and an eighth, Madeline won. i'opper
second, Bing Binger third. Time, 1:56.
• Seven furlongs, Harry McChurch won, Sllgo
second, Nick third. Time, I:27'^. * ■
Mile and seventy yards, Topmast won. Logan
second. Honor third. Time, 1:47.
CONEY ISLAND, N. V., Sept. 7.— Five fur
longs, Casseopia won, Dolando second, Belde
mere third. Time, 1:02' ;. .
Mile and a sixteenth, Urania won. Ingomar
second, Arapahoe third. Time, 1:51.
■ Six furlongs, The Friar won, Cleophus sec
ond, George Rose third. Time, 1 :15}1.
Mile and a quarter, Dutch Skater won, Bel
mar secoud, Rarniro third. Time, 2:10. •
One mile, Tom Cromwell won, Argentina
second, Brandywine third. Time. 1:43^. ■■
f Five and a half furlongs, Ludwigshtfen won.
Sulsun second, Celoso third. Time, 1:09.
1 '*
Mines May Be Closed.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept. 7.-Efforts
to start up the Bonn Shaft to-day were re
peatedly frustrated by the intimidation
tactics of the miners. As fast as one set
of employes were put to work the miners
began to use threats, and the workmen
weakened. The operators say they will
continue for a week longer to try to start
up work, and, if the union miners do not
by that time stop their intimidation work,
the mines will be finally closed for the
winter. No effort to use force to put men
at work nor the aid of militia will be
brought to bear.
Visiting cards and invitations printed and
eperaved in stationery department at Sanborn
& Vails. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
BILL'S JAW WORKS
ON LABOR DAY
Workingmen of Chicago
Turn Out to Hear
Bryan Talk.
BIG CRUSH IN A PARK.
Thousands Jourcey to the Wooded
Pleasure Resort to Listen
to a Speech.
TAFFY FOR WAGF.-EARNEES.
Will ie," "Billy. Old Boy," and "Hon.
orable Bill" Are Terms Applied
to Bryan by the Crowd.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 7.— The celebra
tion of Labor day by Chicago workingmen
centered mainly in the meeting addressed
by William J. Bryan at Sharpshooters
Park, a wooded pleasure ground situated
at an inconvenient distance from the city.
The street railway service was not of the
best, and many people were unable to
reach the park. Every car that ran to the
grounds was packed from noon until after
2 o'clock, and those who went by that
means suffered much discomfort. The
day was all that could be desired in point
of weather, a little too warm for tne close
contact of human beings, but practically
perfect for outdoor assembly.
Mr. Bryan spoke from a permanent plat
form, with a shell-shnped canopy, and
long before the meeting began this was
crowded by prominent labor unionists,
many with their families. The crowd began
to gather about noon, and those who came
early sought positions close to the front of
the stand. Many men and boys climbed
trees overlooking the platform and were
able to see and hear the better from iheir
exalted positions. Occasionally the limb
of a tree broke and added to the fun and
excitement of the occarion. Other men
climbed to the roof of the stand, and
lying nation their stomachs peered over
the edge on those below like so many
human squirrels.
The crowd was not as great as had been
expected. Before Mr. Bryan entered the
park about 6000 people were clustered
around the central point of interest, but
after the appearance of the nominee 3000
or 4000 more entered ihe grounds and
waited to catch a glimpae of the Demo
cratic nominee or stood on the outskirts
0 f the audience endeavoring to hear what
he said. The charge of 25 cents for ad
mission unjustly served to decrease the
attendance.
The ceiebration at the park was the
annual picnic of the Building Trades
Council, a representative organization of '
men employed in building trades. The
crowd which gathered was essentially one
of workingmen and their families. They
enjoyed the address of tbe nominee with
unconstrained freedom ana made frequent
comments of an amusing character that
several times had the effect of making Mr.
Bryan break into a laugh which spoiled a
rounded period. The crowd was exceed
ingly disorderly in a good-natured way.
Frequent appeals were necessary to ob
tainquiet. Two or three times tbe jam
n«*ar the stand became ?o great that sev
eral women fainted and were trodden
before being rescued and revived. Mr.
Bryan once appealed to the people to
stop crushing and stopped another time
to band a glass of water to be passed to a
fainting woman.
Mr. Bryan was received with long-con
tinued applause, and throughout his ad
dress of an hour's duration he was treated
with the utmost good-natured familiarity.
The crowd called him "Willie," "Billy,
old boy," and "Honorable Bill," and told
him to "Hit 'em again" and^to "Give
them another" whenever he caught the
fancy olhis audience.
It was a few minutes after 2 o'clock
when Mr. Bryan's carriage reached the
park, followed by several otbers carrying
labor leaders and their wives. Seated
with Mr. Bryan were Edward P. Carroll,
president of the Building Trades Council,
J. D. McKinley, presideut of the Carpen
ters' District Council, and J. J. Ryan, a
local labor leader. In another carriage
was Dr. Theodore Barth of Berlin, a mem
ber of the Qerman Reichstag, who ar
rived in this country four days ago to
study the politics of a Presidential cam
paign. He met Mr. Bryan at the Audi
torium Hotel, and was invited by him to
axtend the meeting.
Mr. Bryan's carriage was followed from
the roadway through the grounds to the
platform by a cheering running crowd of
men and boys. There were no police offi
cers to restrain them and they almost
felled Mr. Bryan in their eagerness to
grasp his hand and say something com
plimentary. By dint of muscular work
Mr. Bryan was able to reach the platform
and smiled his thanks when the thousands
cheered him lustily.
At the conclusion of Mr. Bryan's speech,
which was the only one made, there was a
repetition of the unrestrained crush on a
larger scale in the rear of the platform,
where the speaker tried to get away in his
carriage. Hundreds pushed on in front of
him and grasped his hand whether he
liked it or not, and there was a delay of
fifteen minutes before a passageway could
be cleared. Hundreds rushed on the plat
form in their mad eagerness to get near
the nominee, and there was imminent
danger of a collapse. The police finally
got around and into Mr. Bryan's carriage
and drove oft tbe people who clung to the
vehicle until the road was reached.
President Carroll, who acted as chair
man, quickiy saw the crowd was in no
mood to hear a speech from him and
merely presented Mr. Bryan, who said:
Ladies and Gentlemen: I desire to thank the
Building and Trades Council for this oppor
tunity which they have extended me of speak
ing to the people assembled on Labor day.
Labor day has become a fixed event among our
institutions, and it is well that it is so, be
cause on this day ail over this Nation those
who are engaged in the production of wealth
meet in order that they may commune with
each other, discuss those questions in which
they are especially interested and emphasize
before the world that there is nothing dishonor
able in the fact that one earns his bread In
the sweat of his face.
I am glad to stand on this day In the pres
ence of those to whom this Nation is so largely
indebted for all that it has had, for all that it
has now and for all that it can hope to have.
1 am not indulging in idie flattery when I say
to you that no part of the people of the world
are no important to the welfare of mankind as
those whose labor and brains convert the nat
ural resources of the world into material
wealth. I might quote to you what Mr. Car
lisle said to those people in 1678, when he de
scribed them as the struggling masses who
produced the wealth and who paid the taxes
of ihe country. He did not praise them too
highly. The struggling masses not only pro
duce the wealth and pay the taxes In time of
peace, but the struggling masses have ever
been and must ever be the Nation's surest pro
tection In time of peril.
The speaker then took from his pocket
the copy of an address by Abraham Lin
coln, delivered in Congress, from which
he quoted certain paragraphs, one of
which called attention to an effort made
to plaoe capital on an equality with if not
above labor in the structure of Govern
ment, and following with the assertion
that capital is only the fruit of labor and
could have never existed without it. "La
bor," said Lincoln, "is superior to capital
and deserves much higher consideration."
Mr. Bryan followed with a quotation from
Solomon and continued:
Solomon favored neither poverty nor riches.
He regarded that condition best which is not
at either extreme, but lies between the ex
tremes. Neither great riches nor abject pov
erty furnish us the soil in which grows the oest
civilization. Those who are pressed by pov
erty lose the ambition, the inspiration, the
lofty purpose that are necessary to lead one on
to the 'greatest achievements, and those who
possess 100 great wealth lose the necessity for
labor— mat labor which is absolutely essential
to the development oi that which is best in
human nature.
Solomon was right therefore when he
praised this intermediate condition, for the
great middle classes are the bulwark of society,
and from the middle classes have come almost
all the good that has come to bless the human
rnce. Let me call your attention to the fact
that when the meekand lowly Nazarene came
among men aud preached peace on earth and
Goodwill toward men he was not welcomed by
those who are described as people who devour
widows' houses and under pretenses made
long prayers; but when he gave that great
commandment. "Love thy neighbor as thy
self," who listened to him? The Scripture tells
us it was the common people who listened to
his commandments and who welcomed him.
It is the createst compliment ever paid to the
Master. Tne Scriptures say the common people
heard him gladly— and the common people are
the only people who have ever heard gladly
any man who preached humanity and equal
rights. [Prolonged oheers.J
I don't mean to say that lhere are no excep
tions to the general rule. There have always
been found among the richer classes those
who are filled with the spirit of philanthropy.
There have always oeeu found among them
those who were willing to spend their lives in
the uplifting of their fellows, but I am speak
ing of the rule that reforms do not come which
are not supported by those who consider them
selves lifted above the common people. Nor
do 1 mean that you have never found among the
commou people those who would betray their
fellows. You have found everywhere in every
stage of society the character of Judas. Yet
still in spite of this the common people have
been the greut and telling force that has lifted
civilization to a higher ground. There are
three forms ot Government best known among
men. There is the monarchy, where the king
rules by right divine; there is the aristocracy,
where a few control, and there is the democ
racy which means the rule of the people them
selves.
yWby is it that the strength of democracy— l
don't use the term in a party sense, but In the
broader sense— why is it that the strength of
democracy has always been found among the
common people? It is simple enough. If a
man has high position or great wealth he may
be able to stand and keep on the good side o*f
the king; if be has great influence he muy be
one of tne ruling classes in the aristocracy.
But you are not willing to leave any form of
government to your children except a de
mocracy in which each citizen is protected in
the enjoyment of life and the pursuits of hap
piness. Th«; great common people believe in
a democratic form of government because it is
only in the democratic form of government
that they are able to protect their rights and
defend their interests so far as government
can defend a man's interest. Let me dv?ell lor
a moment upoii the object of government in
this land.
Our Government derives its powers from the
consent of the governed. What kind of gov
ernment will the people consent to? Only
that kind of government that protects all and
which knows no favoritism— a government in
which every citizen stands on the plaue with
out regard to position in society and without
regari to wealth. [Cheers.] A government
which knows equal rights to all and confers
special privileges on none— that is the kind ot
government that appeals to the affections of
the common people.
Tuere are two things to be considered in
government. The first is that in the enact
ment of legislation you should b« Careful to
give no advantage to one person over another
person if that advantage can be prevented. It
is the duty of the Government to protect all if
possible, without injustice to any one. Again,
government must restrain men from injuring
one another; that is one of the important
duties of government— to prevent men from
injuring one another— and the government
that fails to restrain the strongest from injur
ing the weakest is a government which fails to
do its whole duty.
I was passing through lowa some months
ago and I got an idea from some hogs.
[Laughter] An idea is the most important
thing that a person can get into his head aud
we eather ideas from every source. Riding
aiong in the cars I noticed a number of hogs
• rooting In a fi*ld and tearing up the ground.
The first thought that came to me was that
they were destroying a good deal of property,
and that carried me back to the time when I
lived on the farm and I remembered that we
had rings in the noses of our hogs. And why ?v
Not to keep tht> hugs from getting fat, for we
were more Interested in ttielr getting fatter
than they were. [Laughter.! The sooner
they got fat the sooner we killed them and the
longer they were In getting fat the longer ibty
lived. But why were rings put in Ihe no»es of
these hogs? So that while they were getting
fat they would not destroy more property than
they were worth. And wheu I thought of that
this thought came to me — that one of the
duties of the Government, one of the important
duties of the Government, is to put rings in
the noses of hogs. Now, my friends, don't
consider this a reflection on your neighbor.
It is possible under our form of government
to have justice and to goitern aa the people
deserve. Ours is the best form of government,
but it Is possible for the people to make it so,
built on the best Intelligence, the highest
virtue and patriotism of all the people. But
let me warn you against confusing govern
ment with the abuses of government. Andrew
Jackson said that there were no necessary evils
in government; that evils existed only In its
abuses, lie was right, my friends. [Cheers.]
There are no necessary evils in government
and no man who understands the advantages
of government will raise his voice against it.
It is the abuses of government of which we have
a right to complain. There are those who
would denounce one critic seeing such abuses
and call him a disturber. A disturber is one
who breeds discontent. I want to say to you
that discontent lies at the foundation of all
progress. 'So long as you are satisfied you
never go forward, It is only when you are dis
satisfied with your conditions that you try to
improve them.
There is this difference between our form of
Government and the monarchical form. If
you are discontented under a monarchy you
can petition for relief, but your petition may
be disregarded. Discontent under a monarch
may end in despair or it may end in revolu
tion. Discontent under our form of govern
ment ends in reformation through the peace
ful means of the ballot.
I am not going to violate the proprieties of
this occasion by entering into the discussion
of partisan questions; but I desire to call your
attention to certain broad questions which
cannot be confined by party lines. The ballot
is the means by which the people of this
country must right every wrong- And if the
people have not the independence, if they
have not the intelligence to right their wrongs
at tne ballot-box they have not the courage to
secure their rights in any other way. [Cheers. J
But, my friends, conditions arose in this
country which made it impossible for the peo
ple to use the ballot which they had. Through
certain things so strong, so powerful, men
were afraid tv exercise freely and upon their
own conscience the political rights given them
under our institutions. What did they do? 1
honor the laboring man of this country and
organized labor standing at the head of the
laboring man because they secured for the
people of this country an Australian ballot.
[Great applause and cries of "You're all right,
Willie."] That ballot did not come down to
you from above ; that ballot is a result of your
own demand. It is the result of your own in
fluence. The laboring man of to-day enjoys
the advantage of the Australian ballot be
cause the laboring men of this country com
pelled the adoption of the Australian ballot.
[Cheers.]
Now, my friends, among all the agencies
winch for the past lew years have been at
work improving the condition and protecting
the rights of this country, I believe that labor
organizations stand first. They hare brought
the laboring men together where they could
compare their views, where they could unite
strength, where they could combine their in
fluences as au organization, and we have the
laboring organizations to thank for many
blessings they have secured for you. [Prolonged
applause.] Now, my frieuds, some have crit
icised labor organizations. There are some
who believe that bauks should join an associa
tion, that railroads should join associations,
that all wealthy corporations should join
associations, but not the laborlug men.
Yet the laboring man's association has
been the means by which he has
protected himself in his warfare against
these other associations. The laboring organ
ization has done as much good for society as
any of the other organizations have done or
will do. [Applause.]
I want to speak here of the principle of
arbitration of difficulties between employers
and their employes. That principle nas Deen
forced upon the attention of American people
and I believe in it. Arbitration is simply an
extension ot the idea of the court of justice.
It is an impartial institution; an impartial
tribunal before which men may come to settle
their differences instead of resorting to vio
lence to settle them. Now, my friends, when
you come to use the ballot, I want ~ou to re
member that that ballot Was not given to you
by any man who employs you. [Loud cheer
ing and cries of "We'll 'give it to you, though;
that's no dream."] That ballot was given to
you by law ; you nail it before he employed
you. It will be yours after your employment
ceases. You don't tell him that if he does not
vote according to your opinion you will quit
working for him. [Cheer* and laughter.] But
you have a right, as much right to tell him
that as he has to tell you that you will have to
quit working lor him If you don't vote as he
wantß you to. When I say t bis lam agt alraid
of offending anybody, because if there is an
employer in this couutrv who believes that he
has a right by paying wages to control the vote
to whom the wages go, he is a man who can
not bo offended.
I have known men who thought that because
they loaned a man money therefore as
long as they heid his note he must vote
as they wanted Him to or risk foreclosure. I
am not afraid of offending any man who has
that opinion, because a man who will use a
loan to Intimidate a citizen has not learned
the genius of the institutions uuder which we
live. I cannot Impress upon you any more im
portant truth than this: That your ballot is
your own, to do with it what you please, and
that there is nobody that must be sutistied
with your vote except your judgment and your
conscience. [Cries of "You'll be satisfied with
it, Bryan."]
At this point the limb of a tree upon
wnich a listener was sitting fell with its
human burden to the ground. Mr. Bryan
said :
At least the man who fell did not make the
mistake that some men are making; he did
not saw off ihe limb he gat on like some men
who are trying to destroy the production of
labor. [Great applause.] It is said vigilance
is the price of liberty, yes, not only for the
Nation, but for the individual. Vigilance is
the price of individual liberty. A citizen who
is indifferent is a citizeu who is apt to be mis
ruled. The citizen who is watchful has the
best chance of living underwood laws and
wise ani beneficent iustitutiom
Let me leave with you this one parting
word: Let me urge you whatever may be
your views on political questions, whatever
may be your ideas as to policy proposed from
time to time by various parties, make it your
highest ambition to prove yourself worthy of
that greatest of all names"— an American citi
zen. [Great cheering.]
BRYAN H EADED WESTWARD.
Curious Crowds Anaemble to See the
Nebraska Elocutionist.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Sept. 7. — Mr.
Bryan, who drove quickly to the Burling
ton station from Sharpshooters' Park by
way of the Auditorium Annex, leit Chi
cago by the 5:30 local train.
It was his intention to leave by the 5:50
night express, but he learned at the sta
tion that arrangements had been made to
give him a reception at Aurora, and for
that reason decided to go by the earlier
train and remain there until the 5:50 train
came in.
There were no demonstrations along the
line of Mr. Bryan's drive from Sharp
shooters' Park to the Auditorium Annex,
although he was escorted the entire dis
tance by a corps of bicyclists. The drive
from the annex to the Burlington station
wag equally without incident.
At the station Mr. Bryan became the
center of a Jarge crowd, which escorted
him to the train. Mr. Bryan was accom
panied from Chicago to Aurora by delega
tions of the Hickory Club and the Aurora
Republican Free Silver Club. S. N.
Hover, candidate for Congress on the
Democratic and Free Silver Republican
ticket, was with the Aurora contingent.
Aurora was reached at 6:30 and Mr.
Bryan, under escort of the Hickory and
ltepublican clubs' delegations, walked to
• stand erected near the station, where a
large crowd was gathered. Mr. Bryan was
cheered as he ascended the stand and
made a short speech.
Although the crowd that greeted Mr.
Bryan at Earlville during the brief stop of
his train there numbered 500 only it was
very enthusiastic. Mr. Bryan spent the
time snaking hands with those who suc
ceeded in reaching the rear platform.
A brass band was playing when the
train reached Mendota and the throng
that crowded the station platform cheered
with vigor. In response to demands for a
speech Mr. Bryan said there were two
questions sometimes asked by his op
ponents: First, If we had more money
how could we get it unless we had some
thing to sell. Continuing he said :
The answer is that no matter how much
money there is you cannot get any of it unless
you have romething to sell. But every person
has something to sell, and the price will de
pend on the amount of money you have to buy
the goods. The only way to restore prosperity
is to restore the power of the people to buy
and consume what people have to sell.
Another question is how are you going to
get this money into circulation? When gold
Is taken to the mint and coined it becomes
the property of the man who brought it there,
and he uses it and it becomes part of the
money of the country. So it is with silver.
When converted into money it will be used
in buying the things which are for sale, and if
the sum of money is replenished so the supply
is sufficient to keep pace with the demand
then the level of prices is maintained. [Ap
plause.]
The crowd at Princeton was absolutely
fierce in its endeavors to shake hands
with the Democratic candidate. Men
fought wildly to reach him, s^outine all
the time. Another short speech was made
by Mr. Bryad there.
Through the fact that Mr. Bryan's car
stopped at a point saveral hundred feet
distant from where the crowd had gath
ered at Kewanee station the 2000 people
there became a howling mob as they
rushed down the tracks to reach tbe vicin
ity of the Democratic candidate.
Men, women and boys engaged in a dis
orderly race to be first on the spot. Greek
tire was burned, nnd, as it lighted up the
darkness of the night and brought into
relief the mass of humanity sprinting
from front to rear of the train, the scene
presented was widely picturesque. An
other address was made by the nominee,
which he concluded as the train drew out.
Galesbure's reception to Mr. Bryan was
exceedingly enthusiastic. The crowd was
large and had some good shouters. Mr.
Bryan was conveyed to aflatcar beside the
train, and after being Introduced by L. M.
Thompson, president of the Trades Assem
bly, he made a short speech.
Galesburg furnished the biggest crowd
that gathered to see Mr. Bryan during his
night's journey, fully 6000 people being
present It was only after a severe atrug
gle that the candidate succeeded in reach
ing the truck, and even a greater effort
was required to get back again.
Monmouth, reached at 10:45 o'clock,
was the last place where Mr. Bryan spoke
to-night. The crowd was large and
cheered without stint. It was 11:40 when
the train reached Burlington, but the
throng there was large and gave the
nominee a cordial greeting,
NECEO DEMOCRATS CALL.
Members of the National League Assure
Bryan of Support.
CHICAOG, 111., Bept. 7.— A delegation
representing the National Negro Demo
cratic League called on William J. Bryan
at the Auditorium annex this morning.
W. T. Scott, president of the league,
headed the delegation and addressing
Mr. Bryan assured him of the colored
man's support and his sympathy with a
revenue tariff and free silver. Mr. Bryan
responded briefly, remarking that it was a
healthy sign to see the negro breaking
away from his old-time relations with the
Republicans and acting independently.
Governor Altgeld spent a couple of
hours at National Democratic headquar
ters conferring with Senator Jones and
Mr. Bryan and members of the National
Committee.
A. M. Hereford, secretary of the Illinois
Democratic Editorial Association, wrote
to headquarters saying he had received
letters from all the newspaper editors of
the State, and without exception they
stated the cause of silver was in the best
condition and recruits were coming rapid
ly from the Republican ranks.
WATSON LAMPUUNT SERALL.
Declares That Him Maine Rival is a
Goldbug,
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 7.— Hon. Thomas
E. Watson of Georgia, Populist candidate
for Vice-President, to-day addressed about
4000 persons at the State Fair grounds.
The occasion was a Labor-uay celebra
tion, but Mr. Watson seemed to have for
gotten this, as he said nothing concerning
labor, but devoted his speech to Populist
political doctrines almost exclusively.
Mr. Watson was especially severe in his
denunciation of the Democratic party, but
said practically nothing against the Re
publicans. He lampooned the Hon.
Arthur Sewall, Democratic nominee for
Vice-President, characterizing him as the
incarnation of all that is venal in politics
audj, as the prominent Republican repre
sentative of monopolies and tne money
power.
He declared that Sewall went to the
Chicago convention not only as a national
ban ker but as a gold bug at heart, and was
at that time personally supporting a gold
standard Democrat for the governorship
of Maine.
Mr. Watson declared that he was in this
lii-'ht to a finish and that he will not retire
irom the race for Vice-President in Mr.
Sewall's favor; that if Bryan is defeated
Sewall will be to blame, and that if Bryan
wins it must be because Watson wins also.
"So long as Tom Watson lives the Peo
ple's party shall not die," was one of Mr.
Watson's emphatic declarations. The
speaker reviewed the course of political
events since the Democratic party came
into National power and could discover
nothing good in the record. He lashed
the railroads for attempting to coerce em
ployes into joining sound-money clubs.
lie spoke in complimentary terms of
Mr. Bryan, saying that no railroads or
other monopoly or corporal ion had ever
controlled or can control him, and that
the same could be said of Tom Watson.
Before the imeting a parade of labor or
ganizations was held throughout the city.
Stevenson May Talk.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 7.— Vice-Pres
ident Stevenson arrived in the city to-day
from Mackinac, with his family. He
called at Democratic National headquar
ters and spent more than two hours in
conference with Chairman Jones. He also
conferred with Charles S. Thomas,
National C ommitteeman from Colorado.
It was officially stated that it is thought
Mr. Stevenson will make several speecues
for Bryan in Illinois and other States.
The Vice-Fresident made many inquiries
regarding the situation in Illinois, In
diana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio and the
Pacific States, and was pleased to hear
good reports from all of them. He said
he would remain in Chicago several days.
Bynum Ready for Business.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 7.-S. W. D. By
num, chairman of the National Demo
cratic Committee, arrived in Chicago to
night from Indianapolis and registered
at the Palmer House. The special pur
pose of his visit is to select headquarters
for the campaign committee which has
the Palmer and' Buckner ticket in charge.
He said he had been detained at Indi
anapolis, arranging for the dual notifica
tion meeting to be held in .Loui&ville next
Saturday. Headquarters will be chosen
in a day or two, and the Palmer House
will probably be the place.
DARING MARINERS WRECKED.
The Twenty- Foot Craft of the Char/sen
Brothers Is Seen Bottom Up Off
the Irish Coast.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 7.— Two
more venturesome sailors have come to
grief in an effort to beat the record on a
hazardous sailing across the Atlantic.
Their boat, a twenty-foot craft with a leg
o-mutton sail aud two small jibs, was
sighted about two weeks ago rocking in
the waves, bottom up, about 350 miles off
the Irish coast, and it is simply a guees as
to what became of the two sailors who
were aboard her.
The daring sailors were Captain Frank
Charisen, formerly a mate on John Jacob
Astor's yacht, the Nourmabal, and his
brother John. They were Norwegians by
birth, but became American citizens about
a year ago. They hailed from Nyack,
whence they sailed away in the little
craft that few men would cross the
sound in.
Their boat was just 20 feet over all, with
6 feet 8 inches beum and drew 28 inches of
water. She was double-jointed and sup
plied with an air-chamber at each end,
supposed to make her unsinkable. She
had a heavy lead keel to keep her right
side up in any kind of weather, and for
propelling power she had two pairs of oars
and carried a small mainsail, jib and fly
ing-jib.
The Charlsens left this port in their lit
tle craft Sunday, June 21, announcing
that they would make Queenstown as the
first port, and that then tbe course would
be tne Isle of Wight, Southampton.
London, Hamburg, Bremen, Copenhagen,
Stockholm, Bergen, Hull, Leith, by canal
to Edinburgh, tben Glasgow, Newport in
Wales, Cork. Belfast, Londonderry and
back to New York, where they expected to
arrive and be greeted as heroes* in the
summer of 1897.
EAST RIVER WALL COLLAPSES.
Caves In With a Crash That Startles
People for Blocks Around and
Causes a Panic.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 7.— The un
dermining of the rear wall at the East
River end of Fifty-second street caused
about twenty feet of the street and about
1000 cubic feet of the wall to cave in and
to topple over into the river, with a crash
that startled the neighborhood for several
blocks around, last evening at 7:15 o'clock.
At the vary edge of the enormous pit made
by the cave-in stands the towering wall oi
a cigarette factory.
The roar of the landslide brought hun
dreds of peopie to the scene, and it was
with great difficulty that the police kept
the crowd from blindly rushing in upon
dangerous ground to view the wreckage.
Excitement was intensified by the rumor
that some persons were buried beneath
the mass of earth and stone. In the crowd
were over 100 girls who work in the cigar
ette factory and had rushed to the scene,
believing that the factory building bad
fallen down.
STbe wall which broke away was about
50 feet from the river brink to the level of
the street. Its entire face, with the ex
ception of a narrow strip near the south
sidewalk was washed away, and what did
not slip into tbe river was piled in a con
fused mass at the river edge.
Tons of earth and cobblestones fell upon
a boathouse and two skiffs belonging to a
boatman, crushing them like eggshells.
The cave-in on the north side of the street
extended clear up to the walls of the
cigarette factory and almost its entire
length. Nothing but the stout walls and
massive masonry of the foundation saved
An investigation showed that the rains
of yesterday and the day before had
soaked and bulged out th« old wall, which
had been insecure for several years Sev
eral persons had just stepped away from
the seawall and were but 200 feet away
when the crash came.
HOT FIGHTING IS CURE.
Both Hides Suffer Surprises and Defeats.
Arrests at Havana.
HAVANA, Cuba, Sept. 7.-A Spanish
column under the command of Colonel
Fondeliva, has surprised and captured a
rebel hospital near Banos, province of
Havana. Two insurgents were killed.
Advices from Jaiguay Grande, Province
of Matanzas, are to the effect that a seri
ous engagement has taken place between
the local guerrillas and a rebel force com
manded by Morejon. The Spaniards were
surprised by the insurgents, and were de
killed * tight ' losing four *een
tJf p Hav * na T P° lice yesterday arrested
Jose Gonzales Lanuza, a lawyer; Hubert
d* Blanc, a Hungarian musician; Alfred
Zayas brother of an ex-rebel leader, and
i o VVrnwdez, brother-in-law of Sam
uel 8. Tolon, the American merchant who
was arrested on Thursday last on board
the American steamer Seneca.
Death of the Khalifa.
ROME. Italy, Sept. 7.— Tbe Tribuna
publishes a dispatch from Kassaia, a town
on the edge of the Soudan held by
Italians, announcing the death of the
Khahia, the star of the Mahdist leader of
the dervishes, against whom the Anglo
■Kgvptian expedition is now operating.
Beyoad stating that the Khalifa died at
■boga the dispatch givca no details.
Is the light that will brine a greaTTjf
glow of happiness to you. By it yon will
see how strong and vigorous vbur now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is fnr
man. The great Hudyan is to be bad onlw
from the Hudson Medical Institute Thi
wonderful discovery was made by the «nl.
cialists of the old famous Hudson Me )lo«i
Institute. It is the strongest and molt
powerful vltalizer made. It is ? 0 r>owe-fni
that it is simply wonderful how harmiS!
it is. You can it from nowhere bnt
from the Hudson Medical Institute Writ-
lor circulars and testimonials. '.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is th«
most wonderful discovery of the ace It
has been indors d by the leading scientiH»
men of Europe aud America. * uen «no
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops preraaturene93 of th«
discharee in twenty days. Cures LO=?r
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness fall,
ing sensations, nervous t«vitchings of th«
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invie-
orates and tones the entire system.' It v
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervou-:nes«
emissions, and develops and restc res weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means imDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of "seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be mod-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. SenH for circulars and testimonial
■TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, di!<- '■>'«•?■.
ous private disorders, carries myriads of S r, r ,.
producing perms. Tiien conic sore throat, plmDle-
eopper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores und
failing tißir. You ran save a trip to Hor Srrln».
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or write for
Sunday circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL, INSTITUTE
Stockton, Market and Kills sts '
■ SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
9 STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
DESPITE
THAT SPREGKBLS FENCE
Success has crowned our efforts. Our aim
has always been to give Best Values for the
least money. The masses of the people are
aware of this fact. We at no time try to de-
ceive them. Your confidence is our success.
Compare prices with those elsewhere.
01. 0 U. t.3
These shoes are made of the Best Vici Kid.
with patent tips, kid and cloth tops, opera and
square toes. Cannot be excelled elsewhere for
no less than $2.
fa|3 v *m EXTRA FIXE VICI
mm w] rid .shoes.
i«@L - II Misses' and Children's
HHIIW LAI Extra Fine Vici Kid
tx 9^. IBF i^hoes, kid and cloth tops,
r*"VSfjjgt&L ■ V stylish and guaranteed
■ mfaWTTr?ir>»»^. to give entire satisfac*
""* liMHiN"i" Uon— in C, D, E and EE
widths. '
Children's sizes, 8 to 10% ...»1.00
• Misses' sizes, 1 1 102 81.25
83~ Country orders solicited.
tOT Sena for New Illustrated Catalozaa.
Address - •
B. KATCHINSKI.
\ PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
1O Third Street. San Francliao.
DR.MCNULTY.
THXS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE 9PF-
A ciallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OF MEN ONLY. He stops
Discharges; cures secret Blood anil Skin Diseases,
bores »nd Swellings; Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality. Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
Ho restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drucs.
Dr. McN'ulty's methods are regular and scien-
una ' He uses no patent nostrums or ready-mad*
preparations, but curts the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New »ampblet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe;
their trouble.- Patients cured at Home. Term*
reasonable.
' Hours— 9 to 8 delly; 6:30 to 8:80 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and •*•
credly confidential. Call on or address
P. KOSCOE BIcSULIY, HI. ».,
S6J4 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cai.
•3" ware of strangers who try to talk to yon
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctor*.
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF' BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at
s^^ once for a book
'33^ that explains bow
foil mauly vigor
restorei. No man
S^s£?Z32tiMW suffering from
/ XW^TTlfiyh weakness can af.
lA^v/iif ford to ignore this
yJS"5^7»*-^a AvG/L timely advice.
yJN-^V **-^S, ASLJrv Book tells bow
C*^ **-- v_-__>*- M^<iCifuil strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proof.-, (sealed) free, to any man on application.
ERI? MEDICAL DO.. BUFFAIO.N.Y.
COUGHS AND COLDS
ELVS I^JN'KOLA BALSAM is a sure Rem-
edy for couThs. colds. sore throat and for asthma,
111  * + It «oothes. quic/cijf
IIOTMKgVfe^twMBSB a" ill Invariably de-
Vnjmi* Jf liigiiSl lStJJlßß rive benefit who .up.
iyllnl^rßr US<! " M e*r cases 0 to Ü b^
VyS^l l^\>*4l'vfli\n,¥3r pse their cases to b«
finlrVvmltf^^ consumption are only
use Ely's Cream B^m. 'Othremediesarp pleasaiu
to use. Cream-Balm. 50c per bottle; Pineoia
urn. 35c. Sold by DrugKista- -v-.w
ELY BRnrHEltg ; J6_Warfe n .' t » g>ew » orfc>
amm vrncox compound
Tansy* puls
iSm Safe and mrr relief, never taiL others
. Mm are imitations. A tall druggists. Write for
B&m Wcman-i guard FREE. WILCOX MJCDI-JAKE GAUDAUR
WHS WITH EASE
Runs Away From Stanbuxy
in the Single-Scull
Race.
ENDS IN A PROCESSION.
The World's Championship and a
Stake of $2500 Captured
by the Canadian.
STANBTJRY'S SPEEDY SPURTS'
Takes the Lead at One Stage, but
Lacks the Staying Qualities of
His Opponent.
LONDON. Esq., Sept. 7.— The single
acull race for the world's championship
and a stake of £500 between Jacob
Gaudaur, the Canadian oarsman, and
James St anbury of Victoria, Australia,
who -won tbe championship by defeating
Charles R. ("Wag") Harding of Putney
on July 13 last, was rowed to-day and re
sulted in a victory for the Canadian, who
won with the greatest ease.
The race was rowed over the old
champion course of four miles and 300 !
yards, from Putney to Mortlake, and was
witnessed by large crowds of people, who
lined the river banks.
The start was made at 1:45 p. H. Gaudaur
was fi>st to catch the water, and soon had
a good lead, which he gradually increased
until passing Hammersmith bridge, when
he was nearly teu lengths ahead and quite
that distance in the lead at the finish.
Gaudaur was the first to get away, bnt
600 yards from the start Stanbury, who
was palling steadily, crept up and grad
ually passed Gaudaur, leading the Cana
dian by a quarter of a length at Clasper's
boat yards. When Stanbury passed Gau
daur the crowds along the river bank be
came greatly excited and cheered them
selves hoarse. Gaudaur rowed desperately
and stuck to his opponent closely. Both
men at this stage of the race were pulling
gradually.
At Beverly Brook Gaudaur had pulled
away from his opponent, so that he led by
a quarter of a length, and was the same ;
distance in the lead at the Cravensteps. j
Both men had by this time dropped their |
stroke to 30 to the minute, but Gaudaur .
was rowing with more power in his strokes
and was a clear length in advance at Crab
tree.
Continuing to row very fast, the Cana
dian increased his lead and got away from
the Australian so rapidly that at Harrod'a
wharf he led by a length and a half.
At this point Gaudaur took Stanbury's i
water, whereupon the Australian spurted |
vigorously, obviously trying for a foul.
This move caused Gaudaur to go back to
iiis own side, loosing somewhat thereby,
for when he reached his own water he was
leading by rather less than a length, j
When they shot by Hammersmith bridge, j
which they reached . in 8 minutes and 50 j
seconus, Gaudaur again went over toward
Stanbury's water and the Australian re
peated his attempt to foul his opponent, i
thi9 time with more success than before.
Stanbury put on a furious spurt and man
aged to foul the Canadian just off the
leadmills, but after this he was never in
the race.
Seeming to be satisfied that he was
beaten, he held up from the moment he
fouled his opponent and did not appear at
any time thereafter to exert himself much.
Gaudaur kept on with his powerful
strokes, going away from Stanbury easily
and increasing his lead every moment.
Indeed, from the leadmills to the finish it
was a procession, Gaudaur reaching the
winning-post about 200 yards ahead of the
Australian champion. Gaudaur's time
was 23:01 and Stanbury's 23:46.
Upon crossing the finish line Stanbury
protested against Gaudaur being awarded
the race, alleging that the latter had
fouled. His claim was not allowed.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs.
. . ■
Baltimore
Cincinnati.
Cleveland
Boston ■
Chicago ......
I'Utsburg.
Philadelphia
New i'orit
Brooklyn
Washington.....
St. Louis.
Louisville ....
Clubs.
80 34 .701
72 44 .620
71 4& .612
67 !>2 560
66 58 .550
82 62 .543
67 59 .491
56 62 .474
54 62 .465
47 67 .412
36 81 .307
29 8& .254
, ,__ __ I—.1 — . .— i
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. Cleveland sup
ported Cuppy in hollow style and could do
little with Nichols in the morning game. Wal
lace came on in the sixth Inning and did good
work, McAllister going behind the bat. Score:
Bostons 10, Clevelands 4. Batteries— Nichols
and Bergen; Cuppy, Wallace, Zimmer and
McAllister. Umpire— Hurst.
Both Young and Klobedanz were very ef
fective in this afternoon's game, which was
full of excitement from beginning to end.
Burkett's double and McLean's home run into
the right-field bleachers in the seventh .did
the business for the visitors.- Boston had a
good chance in the eighth, but lost through,
bad base-running. In this inning McGarr
tripped Hamilton, but Hurst allowed the run
to score. McGarr was hissed and hooted and
at the close of the gime police protection
was required to take him off the field. Score:
Bostons— 2, 8, 1; Clevelands— 3, 10, 2. Bat
t(>r ._Klobedanz e: , and Bergen; Young and
Zimmer. Umpire— Hurst. ,
Z NEW YORK, N. V., Sept! 7.-Terrific batting
by the New Yorks made a victory over Pitts
burst this morning an easy matter. The vis
itors could do nothine with Meekln. Score:
New Yorks 12, Pittsburgh 2. Batteries—
Meekiu and Wilson; Killen and Sugden. Urn-
The afternoon game was a battle of pitchers,
both Hawley and Doheny twirling with rare
skill. Attendance, 10,000. Score: Afternoon
game-New Yorks 1, 6, O; Pittsburgs 2, 6, 1. ;
li<merie«— Doheny and Wilson; Hawley and j
"^SHInITo^D ra c" e Sept. 7.-E.ght thou- |
sand people witnessed the double-header this
afternoon, and cacti team won a game. The
Kames were devoid of extraordinary plays.
Scores: First game— Washlugtons. 2. 7,4; St.
louistt 12 2. Batteries-Mercer and barren ;
I.onohtieand Murphy. Umpire-Lynch. Sec
ond game— Washington* 11, 15, 0; St. Louis
1, 2, 1. Batteries — McJames and McGuire;
Breitensteiii and McFarland. •
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 7.- "Jerry
Knops, formerly of the Wilmington-Atlantic
Association team, made his appearance with
the Phillies this afternoon and scored a mild
success. Jerry went to .pieces in the sixth
inning Tne game was called on account of
darkness in he eighth. Score: Philadelphlas—
10, li, 5 ; Chicago*— s, 11. 3. Batteries— Knops
":><l Boyie, ; Terry.- and Donohue. Umpires—
Henderson and Campbell. ■
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 7.— The morning
game was a pitchers' battle, with honors about
even between Pond and Hill. , McGraw .was
fined $25 and put out of the grounds lor telling
Lally that he was full of dope and cheap whisky.
Attendance 1200. Scores: Baltimore* 4,
Louisvllles 3. Batteries— Pond and Robin
son, Hill and Miller. Umpire— Lally.
The afternoon games were easy for the home
team. Ksper and Hemming had the Louisville
batsmeu at their mercy throughout. The af
tern'H)n games were umpired by Quiuu and
Miller and Donnelly and Miller. The last
game -was called on account of darkness. At
tendance 10,788. Score: Baltimores— 9, ls,2;
Louisvilles— 1, 3,5. Batteries— Esper and Rob
inson; Herman and Dexter. Umpires— Miller
and Quinn. Third game: Baitimores 12,
Loulsviiles l.
BROOKLYN, N. * S*pt. 7.-Ehret lost his
hold in the eighth inning of this morning's
game, the Brouklyns hitting him for six hits.
Cincinnati only made one hit off Kennedy.
Score: Brooklyns 6, Cincinnatis 1. Batter
ies—Kennedy and Grim; Ehret, Peitz and Gray.
Umpire — Sheridan.
Rhines' superb pitching probably saved the
Reds in the afternoon -game. Daub had good
command of the ball, but could not win the
game single-handed. Score: Brooklyns— l, 4,
3; Cincinnatis — 1,6, 0. Batteries— Daub and
Burrill; Rhines and Vaughn. Umpire—Sheri
dan.
WONDERFUL WETKEN.
Sets the World's Record for 300 lards
at 31 Seconds.
BERGEN POINT. N. J., Sept. 7.— The
feature of the Labor day games of the
New Jersey Athletic Club was the break
ing of the world's record for 300 yards by
Bernard J. Wafers, toe Georgetown Col
leee and New York Athletic Club crack,
who ran the distance in 31 seconds.
Wefers held the previous record of 31 1-5
seconds, which he made at the New York
Athletic Club fall games at Travers Island
last year. In order that he might have
an opportunity oi doing better time a spe
cial invitation scratch race for 300 yards
was put on the proßramme. The starters
were Wefers, "Hen" Lyons and F. P.
Garvan of the New York Athletic Club
and Frank W. Jaryis of Pittsburg. We
fers left his mark like a flash and quickly
led the field. Coming down the back
stretch he was six yards ahead of Lyons
and Garvan. Jarvis kicked himself and
retired. Wefers put on a tremendous
amount of speed up the stretch and
breasted the tape twelve yards in front of
Lyons. Two of the timekeepers clocked
31 seconds, while a third made the time
30 4-5 seconds. The majority of the
judges, of course, decided the time, which
agreed with two or three outside watches.
About 3500 people witnessed tbe games.
The track was in good condition. The
rest of the sport was only average.
INTERNATIONAL CRICKET.
Canadians Meat the United States Team
by forty ltuns.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 7.— The
international cricket match between
! Canada and the United States, which
began on Friday and was stopped by rain
Saturday, was concluded' to-day, and re
sulted in a victory for Canada by forty
runs. The defeat of the local men was a
sad disappointment to the local cricket
admirers who now feel that they will
make a poor showing against the Austra
lians who are booked for three matches
here, beginning on the 18th inst.
»
San Jose Hog and Poultry Shows.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 7.— The Santa
Clara Valley Poultry and Kennel Club has
decided to hold it? dog and poultry shows
separately, as the barking and howling of
the dogs have a bad effect on the poultry.
The kennel show will open on November
16 and close on November 21. The poultry
show will be held the following week.
Owners of fine dog? and poultry all over
the State have signified their intention of
exhibiting, and it is believed that the suc
cess of both shows Is assured. J. Otis
Fellows of Hornellsville, N. V., will judge
the dogs, and C. R. Harker and Henry
Berra have been chosen as judges of the
poultry.
Plimmer Tiefeats Corfield in England.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 7.— A fight took
place to-night at Sheffield between Plim
mer and Corfield for a purse of £400 and
£500 a side. The men entered the ring at
; 11:20 o'clock. Plimmer was the favorite
j in the betting, tbe odds on him being 5 to
j4. It was a good fight until the sixth
i round, but after that Plimmer was easily
I the superior of his opponent. He pun
ished Corfield severely until the twentieth
round, when he knocked all the fight out
of him. In the latter part of the fight
j Corfield was feeble.
Hill- Climbing Contest on Bici/cles.
ORANGE, N. J., Sept. 7.— The bicycle
hill-climbing contest under the auspices
of the Manhattan Athletic Club of New
York City which took place 10-day on
Eagle Rock Hill was wpn by A. Michael
of the Iroquois Wheefmen. " Time, 4:53.
Thomas Dunn of the YonKers Bicycle
Club was second and Warren Lyon of
Montciair third in 5:14. There were
twenty starter?.
BRESLAU FETES THE CZAR
Rulers of Russia and Germany
Dine Together and Visit
a Theater.
Yon Hobenlohe Has a Pleasant Con
ference With Nicholas on the
Eastern Question.
BRESLAU, Germany, Sept. 7.— The fes
tivities in connection with the visit of the
Czar and Czarina were continued yesterday
but it being Sunday the popular enthusi
asm was not as demonstrative as it was
yesterday.
Emperor William and Empress Augusta
Victoria attended a luncheon given Sunday
by their Imperial Majesties of Russia.
Twenty covers were laid. The lunch
eon was given in the grand reception-room
of the new house of the. Silesia Landtag.
After the luncheon the Czar and Chancel
lor yon Hohenlohe were closeted together
for an hour. It is not positively known
what matters were discussed, but there is
strong belief that the action to De taken
by Russia and Germany in connection
with the Turkish question was considered
at length.
In the evening a gala performance was
given at the Stadt Theater. Tne play
given. was the second part of the "Militaer
Fromm," and it was very amusing. Em
peror William shook with laughter and
even the Czar smiled at the absurdities of
some of the positions.
This evening a reporter of the United
Associated Presses had a conversation
with one of Chancellor yon Hohenlohe's
aids, who said the Chancellor was ex
ceedingly well pleased with the result of
his audience with the Czar. He added
that an absolute entente cordiale had been
effected, and that this would soon; b»>
shown by the action that will be taken by
Russia and Germany on the Eastern ques
tion. As further evidence of the good un
derstanding that has been established be
tween the Czar and Emperor William it is
stated that the former , has promised that
when he returns from Darmstadt he will
visit Emperor William at Potsdam. •
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 7.— The Czar
and Czarina, Emperor and Empress ar
rived at Goerlitz before noon. The Czar
wore the uniform of the Nicholas II Hus
sars and the Kaiser was attired in the uni
form of the Cuirassiers. Their Majesties
drove directly from the , station to
the parade ground. Though the ground
was in very bad condition in con
sequence of . the heavy rains of
yesterday and the sky overcast, the pro
gramme was carried out, but the move
ments; of the troops were necessarily un
satisfactory. The Czar and the Kaiser
rode back to the city at the head of the
color companies and the Czarina and Em
press were driven back. in a carriage. The
two Imperial couples took dinner together
it the Standehaus, no others being present
except the members of their respective
:ourts. B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^BH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
NATIVES POURING
INTO STOCKTON
Advance Guard of Carnival
Visitors Arrives in
Numbers.
SONOBA'S FORTY-NINERS
Mountaineers Come on Burros
and Camp on Sutter
Street
DECORATORS END THEIR LABOR
Each Street, Dwelling and Lawn Su
perbly Garb?d— How tne Parade
Will Form.
STOCKTON, Cal. Sept. 7.— The finish
ing touches were put on to this city to
night and a surprise will greet the visiting
Natives when they begin to arrive to
; morrow to take part in the Admission day
i celebration. There was a meeting of the
committee that has charge of this feature.
!at headquarters in the courthouse to
night, and it was decided to have two
parades to-morrow night, instead of one,
!as was first intended. When Stanford and
Oakland parlors reach here by special
train due here at 7 o'clock, they will be
met by Amador, Stockton and Sonora
parlors, which are now here.
There will be a big display of fireworks
and a torchlight procession. This dispiay
of fireworks will not be so much for the
benefit of the two parlors mentioned as
for the thousands of Stocktonians and
I visitors from the country about who will
be on the street to-morrow evening. Later,
the crowds coming by the regular train
from San Francisoo will be met by the
local natives and the parlors of visitors
| who are here and escorted to headquarters.
' Then toward midnight will come the
great exhibition of fireworks and torch
j light procession, in which ail the natives
j who are here will participate.
The celebration will open to-morrow
with a baseball game in the forenoon at
j Goodwater Grove, between picked teams
i from San Francisco and Stockton. Then
j the Amador County parlors will be met as
: they come in on the train reaching here
| at 12:10 and tbe members will be tendered
! a reception at headquarters. The Amador
; contingent is coming several hundred
strong, with their friends and all, and will
; make a very creditable showing.
In to-morrow night's parade the follow-
I ing named will officiate as officers: Mar-
I stial, 11. R. Noble; aids— C. L. Ortman,
Frank Eshbach, Walter A. Morrissey, W.
Conner, C. L. Neu miller, M. L. Cady,
J. McCann, George Bid well, J. W. Kerrick,
C. T. Eckstrom.
The programme for the 9th is as follows:
jAt 10 o'clock sharp the procession will
form. The parade will be reviewed by
' Grand Marshal Nutter and his aids at the
big arch on the plaza. The line of parade
will be as follows:
Advance platoon of police.
Grand Marshal— W. B. Nutter.
Chief Aid— Frank K. Lane.
Assistant Chief Aid— Dr. J. P. Dunne.
Aids to rand Marshal— George N. Van OrJen,
Henry Ludwi*. J. K. Moran, A. W. Feldler,
D. Kettleman Jr., A. K. Muenter, J.
P. A i wood, J. L. Vallejo, H.
Me I fade, A. L. Rossi.
Messengers to Grand Marshal — Captain, Frank
Guernsey; Messenger 1, Uaiph PnWps; Mes
senger 2, Earl Cross : Messenger 3, B. Mil
co: Messenger 4, Filmore Marks: Mes
senger 5. George FoUer: Messenger
«J, Frank Locke; Messenger 7,
Hugh Chalmers: Messenger
8, La Rue Cross; Messen
ger 9, Milton La Rue.
FIKST DIVISION.
Marshal. H. R. Noble: Aids. C. JM. Ferdnn, John
McCatin.
Governor James H. Budd and staff.
General M. W. Muller and stall.
Colonel J. J. Nunun and staff.
- Hxth Infantry Band.
Major Gus G. Grant and staff.
First Battalion, Sixth Regiment— Company A,
Captain W. it. Johnson commanding; Com
pany B. Captain William Bruce command
ing: company D, .'aptain It. K. Whit
more commanding; Company H,
Captain J. K. Graham com
manding.
Mexican War Veterans In carriages.
Ladies' annex to California Pioneers in carriages.
California Pioneers in carriages.
Stockton Kxempt Firemen.
Oakland Exempt Firemen.
Ban Francisco Exempt Firemen.
Veteran band, eighteen pieces.
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association ,
of San Francisco.
uKxiaii DIVISION*.
Marshal, W. D. shea; aids, John F. Finn,
Marlon De Vries.
Blanchanl band of twelve pieces.
California Parlor No. 1.
First Regiment band, field music, thirteen pieces.
• Oro Fino Parlor No. 9.
Pacific Parlor No. 10.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29.
Grand officers of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, in carriages.
Grand officers of the Native Sous of the Golden
West, in carriages.
Members of the Board of Supervisors, in carriages.
Mayor and Members of the City Council, In car
riages.
THIRD DIVISION.
Marshal Eugene F. Bert: alas, I obert F. Crock
nrd, M. L. < a ly.
Golden Gate Mlliury Band.
Mission Parlor No 38.
San Francisco Parlor No. 49.
Drum corps, seven pieces.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52.
/ Drum corps.
Rincon Parlor No. 72.
FOURTH DIVISION". - '.
Marshal, W.H.Daly. Alds-H. N. Gard, Frank
Kshbach. ■ •
Presidio Band, twenty-five pieces.
Stanford Parlor No. 76.
Oakland Parlor No 60.
Athens Parlor No. 1»5.
Yerba Buenn Parlor No. 84.
Bay City Parlor No. 104.
. Niantlc Parlor ; No. 105.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Marshal. W. M. Henderson. Aids— Lvman.
Walter A. Morrlssey.
: Militant Band. .
Sacramento Parlor No. 3.
Capital City Wheelmen.
Field music, nine pieces.
National Parlor No. 138.
Columbia Parlor No 121.
Hesperian ' Parlor No. 1 37.
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145
Alcaide Parlor No. 154.
Drum corps.
South San Francisco Parlor No. 167.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Marshal, Robert W.Mai tland; aids— R, D .Hasr
gerty, c, L. Ontnan. . .
• Sequoia Parlor. .
Band, N. S. v. w., sixteen pieces. ■
Fremont Parlor No. 60. N. D. G. W. ■
Sequoia Parlor No. 160.
Preclta Parlor No. 185. -
Capital City Drum Corps, twenty-six drums.
Callfa Parlor No, 22, N. D. G. W.
sunset Parlor So. 26.
Dlxon Parlor No. GO.
Woodland Parlor No. 80.
Float— uortdess of California.
SEVENTH DIVISION.
Marshal. C. M. Belshaw: aids— W. s. Wells, George
. A. Bid » ell. ••
( Antloch Silver Cornet Band fhfteen pieces)
General Winn Parlor No. 31.
Central Panor No. 140.
Byron Parlor No 170. ■
Mount Dlab o Parlor No. 101.
Halcyon Parlor . No. 148.
Brooklyn Parlor No. 161.
, Santa Cruz Parlor No. 90.
, EIGHTH DIVISION I '
Marshal, J. C. McLaughlln. Aids. Joseph Rlesta,
- J. C. Xeumlller.
, Jackson Brass Band (fifteen pieces).
Amador County Parlors.
Grand float, Illustrating the resources of Amador
• , County.
Vallejo Parlor No. 77.
• : Drum corps. ~ '■•■■
Olympus Parlor No, 189, j
Presidio Parlor 194. ■
Dardanelle Parlor No. 68.
■•:--": '. N. D. a W. ;..
. ■ . Tnoluinmne Parlor No. 144.
KISTH DIVISION.
Marshal, J. B. Donnelly. Aids, Charles Kr&mm,
Bert W, Lewis.
Oakland City Band.
Piedmont Farior No. 87. BT. D. Q. W.
Piedmont Parlor No. 120.
Llvermore baud, seventeen pieces.
Las Posltas I'n-lor No. 96.
Edeu Parlor No. 111.
Alameda Parlor No. 47.
Napa J'arlor No. S3.
Fifth Regiment Band, fifteen pieces.
San Jos'- Parlor No. 22.
Los Gatos Parlor No. 124.
N Phlo Alto Parlor No. 82.
Observatory l'ar:or No. 177.
Company W, Captain M-i!ler commanding.
TENTH DIVISION.
Marshal, F. G. rstrander. Aids, G. W. Con way,
J. W. Kernck Jr.
Merced conci-rt band, twenty pieces.
Veritas Parlor No. 73, N. D. v. \v.
Vosemite Farior No. 24.
Kltzau's band, twenty pieces.
N. D. O. W. aids— Mrs. Ella Uoruasre. Mrs. J. W.
Kerrlck Jr.. Mra. J. I. Heffernan. Miss Anita
Leadbt-tter. BtUi Vtt, Mrs. Mupes.
El Pescadero Parlor Nu. 82, N. D, O. W.
Ivy Parlor No. 88. N. U. G. W.
Joaquln Parlor No. 5, N. D. G. W.
Tracv Parlor No. 186.
Stockton Parlor No. 7.
After the review, and the disbanding of
the marching natives, the following pro
gramme will be carried out in the Yo
aemite Theater building:
Re'ection by Ritzau's band.
Introduction of presiJen of the day, Grand Pres
ident Henry C. Gesford, by Grand Marshal W. B.
Nutter.
Prayer by Past President Frank H. Dunne-
Song, "Forty-Nine" (music by Lelia France,
words by Joaquln Miller), by male quartet, T. O.
Elliott, Karl U Breuck, R. P. Lane and A. C.
Parker.
Address of welcome by Mayor H. N. Baggs.
.Response by Grand President Henry C, (iesford.
Oration by Grand Orator Frank Mattison.
Selection by the band.
Then at 1:30 will come the bicycle races
at the grove. They will include a half,
mile amateur race, mile professional, mile
amateur handicap and- mile professional
handicap races. The regatta," the water
carnival antl the grand ball will follow.
The carnival committee met to-ni?ht
and decided to have a huge American flag
raised on the electric-light tower, which
is to be lighted by hundreds of colored
electric lights. When the flag is raised
the Naval Battalion will fire a salute of
twenty-one guns.
Two launches and three yachts arrived
to-day to take part in the water carnival.
Three schooners are already here, and
one is being fitted up as the lightship,
about which the procession on the water
ia to pass.
The city was liehted again to-night to
see now the electrical decorations worked.
One of the most beautiful streets is El
Dorado, where the greater number of
handsome residences are. The owners
have spared neither time nor means to
beautify them, and there was never a
street in any western city that presented
such an attractive appearance as did El
Dorado to-night.
Nearly all the fine residences are hand
somely decorated. One in particular has
hundreds of multi-colored electric lights
in the big evergreen trees about it, and
tne effect is strikingly beautiful.
The Native Sons from Sonora arrived
to-night. They tramped twenty-eight
miles to-day with their burros and packs.
They were accorded a hearty reception by
the general committee on their arrival.
Those who came from Sonora were: F.
W. Van Harlinger, marshal; GeoreeHart,
H. Hartig. W. E. N'ourse, George Kelly, J.
Grove, A. Enni*. Al Williams. Phil Kiebe
Keel, J. Connell, George Durkin, A. Ma
rengo, Joe Luughlin and P. Hrun-on.
They pitched their miners' camp on Sut
ter street, and will take part in to-mor
row's parade to meet the Amador parlors.
The Police Commission met to-night
1 and appointed aoout thirty special officers
to look out for the crowd that will be here
j day after to-morrow.
The Southern Pacific Company nas
\ agreed to hold three trains here until 11
! o'cloct on Wednesday night in order to
! give all a chance to see the water carnival.
| These will be the Oakdale, Fresno and
I San Francisco trains.
For the benefit of those natives who
wish to know where the various parlors
are located the following list of headquar
ters is given :
California No. 1— N. S. G. W. Hall.
Sacramento Xo. 3— Odd Fellows' Hall.
Pacific No. 10— New Pioneer Hall.
Stockton No. 7, Tracy >"o. 18G, Joaquln Xo.
5, El Pescadero Xo. H'2, Ivy No. 88—Court
liou-e. third floor.
Stanford Xo. 70— Masonic Hall.
Oakland Xo. sO— Masonic Hall.
National No. 118— Jory's Hall.
Piedmont No. V2O— Turn Verein Hall.
El Dorado No. 52— 01 d Pioneer Hail.
Rlneon No. 72— Weber Hull.
Alcalde No. 154— Druids' HalL
Hc-pcrian No. 137— Union Hall.
Bay City No. 104— Courthouse, City Justices'
court room.
Halcyon No. 14<>— Monterey House.
Amador Couniy parlors— Capitol Hotel.
Sequoia No. 100, Fremont No. s!)— Vizelich
Park.
Sunset No. 26— V. M. I. Hall.
California No. 22 — Southern Hotel.
Yosemite No. 24— Republican headquarters,
over American Cash Store.
Preclta No. 187, Niamic No. 105— Pavilion
office. «
Olympus No. 189, Presidio No. 194— X. of P.
Hall.
South San Francisco No. 157, Mission No. 38,
Steamer T. C. Walker.
The press committee opened its head
quarters in the Yosemite Theatre building
to-night and Held an informal reception.
YOLO BANDITS AT LARGE
Outlaw Morgan's Confederates
Elude the Searcn of
Officers.
Conflicting Stories Concerning the
Antecedents of the Dead
Robber.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., SeDt. 7.— No trace
of the two confederates of Outlaw Morgan
has been found. Although good descrip
tions of the pair have been obtained and
an exhaustive search conducted they
have so far eluded the police in the city
and the posses that have not been idle in
the country.
The outlaw killed by Engineer Ingles
aboard the cab of his engine has had a
varied experience and lived In many
places at one time, if the stones of some
of those who gazed upon his features to
day can be believed.
One person positively identified him as
F. J. Morgan of Grand Island, Nebr., and
stated that he was one of a family of eight
children and the traditional black sheep.
He has been identified by a resident of
Woodland as his boon companion of
years — a man whom he slept with, ate
with and labored with day after
day; a companion so close that
time after time he confided to the
Woodland man his intention to follow in
the footsteps of Bandit Brady and rob this
identical train, but had been turned from
his expressed indentions by the entreaties
of this gentleman. He has been identified
as one of a family of three brot :ers, who
resided in Stanislaus County :ind who was
wanted for tbe robbery of the Milton train.
Soon ad infinitum and in every case the
identification has been positive.
The most plausible theory is that Mor
gan was the leading member of a band of
three that made a regular business of rob
bery in outside towns, making their head
quarters in San Francisco. Taking ad
vantage of the influx of visitors to the
State t'air'to escape observation they came
to this city and located «t a downtown
hotel, making a quiet saloon near the
water front their headquarters.
After robbing the powder magazine of
Shaw, Ingram & Batcher of the dynamite
with which they intended to force an en
trance iuto the express-car, they surveyed
the railroad between this city and Davis
ville and formulated their plans.
it is supposed that the dead man was a
railroad hreman at one time and so chose
tbe honor of boarding the train at Davis
ville, capturing the engineer and lireman
and forcing them to go to the spot se
lected for the robbery.
The only Jew pawnbroker open to-day.
Coieman, 41 Third street. »
BEARS RAMPANT
NEAR OAK POINT
Hunters in Combat With a
Pair of Enraged
Cinnamons.
PAWS AGAINST BULLETS
Three of the Party Maimed by
Blows Received at Close
Quarters.
ONE OF THE BRUTES KILLED
The Other, Sorely Wounded, Dashes
Into the Brush and
Escapes.
ASTORIA. Or., SeDt. 7.— Frank and
Enos Walker of Olympia, their cousin,
Henry Walker, a rancher living near Oak
Point, and Eben Hoffman of Astoria bad
a scrimmage with two large cinnamon
bears while hunting last Friday that they
are not likely to forget during the rest of
their lives. For miles back of Oak Point
the country is densely timbered,
with a somewhat heavy undergrowth.
That section abounds in deer and deer
were what the four sportsmen were look
ing for. In the forenoon they had been
fortunate enough to bring a buck to grass.
After continuing the hunt for a couple of
hours Henry Walker remarked that some
one better look after tbe slain animal.
Enos Walker and Hoffman volunteered to
bring it in.
When tney arrived at the spot where
the buck had been slain they found that
the carcass had disappeared. They insti
tuted a search in the underbrush and not
far distant from the natural clearing
where they left it they soon found their
venison in the possession of two cinnamon
cubs, which were 'easting upon It. Enos
Walker killed one of the cubs with a rifle
ball. No sooner had the echo of the shot
reverberated than two huge cinnamon
bears rushed upon the men. Hoffman,
who^e back was turned to the brutes, was
knocked down with one stroke of a paw,
which landed on his right side and frac
tured four of his ribs. Strangely enough,
the brute turned from the prostrate man,
who was rendered unconscious from the
shock, and both bears centered their at
tention upon Enos Walker.
Then began a struggle for life. Walker
was armed with a magazine rifle, and this
he fired as rapidly as he could. Each bear
was wounded in several places, but not
fatally. The magazine was fast being
emptied, and Walker be^an to retreat
backward, firing when the bears got too
close. This was no easy task, as his path
way was obstructed by the undergrowth
and the tall timber.
Walker's rapid firing attracted the at
tention of his brother and his cousin, who
were not a great way off. They reached
Enos not a moment too soon. The bears
had ignored unconscious Hoffman, stead
ily advancing upon Enos. A< the instant
that Frank and Henry hove into sight the
female bear had caueht up with Enos,
who had fired the last charge in his rifle,
and rising upon her haunches, she threw
her full weight upon him. He fell, and
the brute, weak from loss of blood, went
down with him. A second later she was
on the fallen man, chewing away at the
clolhing covering his right shoulder.
While Frank was keeping the male bear
at bay, Henry sent two rifle balls through
tbe head of the brute covering his cousin,
just in time to save his life. Enos had
suffered a broken collar bone and the loss
of the tip of his nose, which greatly dis
figures him.
Fiank Miller was not less unfortunate.
The bear with which he was lighiing
knocked him down with a powerful blow,
which broke his left arm and crusbed the
left side of his face. At this stage of the
encounter bruin was frightened away by
two voliey3 from Henry's rifle, anri he was
lost sight of in the brush. The hunters
were glad of it. They had had a surfeit of
bear hunting for one day.
GUESTS ON DEL MONTE.
English Railway Magnates Entertained
at the Hostelry.
DEL MONTE, Cal., Sept. 7.— Colonel C.
F. Crocker is here in his private car, ac
companied by Frederick Harrison, general
manager of the London and Northwestern
Railroad, and Robert Turnbull, general
superintendent of the same system.
Mr. Harrison bolds a position upon the
London and Northwestern Railway that
corresponds to that of railway president
in America. His line of road, considering
its length, has the largest earning capacity
of any railroad in the world ana has also a
large capital stock. C. A. Baretoni, gen
eral manager ami freight agent of ;he
company in New York, is also a member
of the party.
The Englishmen were met in Oakland
by Colonel Crocker, and came to l)el
Monte by way of Niles and San Jose.
They will remain here until Thursday,
when they will go direct to the Yosemite
for a brief stay.
Mr. Harrison stated to-day to a Call re
porter that the American style of pa-.>*en
ger cars was becoming quite popular in
his country, but corridors were built
alongside instead of in the middle of the
car. and staterooms open out to this cor
ridor.
His company, he said, also had dining
cars of the lirst and second class running
between English and Scotch points, from
Liverpool and London. The road was
2800 miles long and was earning $52,000,000
a year. It had a capital stock of $590,000,
-000. He said the rodd earned annually
70,000,000 passengers. 37,500,000 tons of
freight and over $20,000,000 in salaries and
wages every year.
Veterans at Pnr»/ic drove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 7.— The
Army Veterans' Club of the California an
nual conference will meet to-morrow eVen
ing at the Methodist church. This club
is composed entirely of ministers who are
members of the conference, and who took
part in the late war. Every year since
they have met either just before or during
the conference to talk over reminiscences
and to enjoy good music and speeches by
their comrades and lriends.
lacoma's Captive Whale.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 7.— That whale
did duty as a towboat for the last time
yesterday. Ho was finally killed and
landed at Quartermaster Harbor, nine
miles from this city. To-morrow his
captors intend to raise him on the Puget
Sound drydock, load him on a barge and
bring him to this city for exhibition.
Santa Barbara Votes for Bonds.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 7.— The
question of voting $60,000 bonds to pro
vide the city with a salt-water plant and
to pipe water to Cold Stream Canyon ex
cited little interest among voters to-day.
Nine hundred and eleven ballots were cast
for tbe measure and seventy-four against.
The City Council by this vote secures tho
approbation of the people in the relief
measures it has been tasing.
IN DANOKE NEAR ANTORIA.
Disaster to the British Ship Glenlui
Barely Averted.
ASTORIA. Or., Sept. 7.— The British
ship Glenlui, which recently arrived from
Panama, had a most remarkable escape
from going ashore on Long Beach, just
before entering the Columbia River.
When on its way up the coast a dense fog
prevailed and it was impossible to get
exact bearings for several days. Suddenly
the lookout reported a ship dead ahead
about a mile distant, and the captain, be
lieving the vessel was in the Columbia
River, kept the Glenlui's head pointed in
the direction of the stranger. A few min
utes later the lookout called "Breakers
aiiead," and the Gienlui's helm was put
hard over, and not a moment too soon.
Fortunately the wind was favorable and
Captain Taylor was able to get his vessel
out of danger without difficulty. The
stranger reported by the lookout proved
to be tiie Glenmorajr, which recently went
ashore on Long Beach and which remains
upright with all its ma3ts and rigging
standing.
HIPNOTISM AT PROSNO.
Sirs. Hertwick Claims She Was Robbed
While Powerless to Resist.
FRESNO, Cal., Sept. 7.— A gypsy
woman, giving her name as Lizzie Lowell,
Is in jail charged with robbing Mrs. M.
T. Hertwick, who resides with her two
sons on Clark street, of $85 and a gold
watch Saturday afternoon.
According to Mrs. Hertwick's story the
robbery was a remarkable one. She says
she was hypnotized by the gypsy woman
and while under her power gave her the
valuables. The feminine Svengali, she
says, came to her house last Saturday
afternoon and asked for a drink
of water. After this had been given to her
she- caught Mrs. Hertwick by the hands
and produced the hypnotic spell. Mrs.
Hertwick remembers everything that
occurred, but she says she was powerless
to resist. The gypsy claims that Mrs.
Hertwick gave her the money and watch
for safe keeping.
RACES AT SAX JOSE.
Close Contests at the Garden City Cy-
elers' Track.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 7.— The matinee
races given by the Garden City Cyclers at
their track yesterday drew a crowd of over
600 people. The races were hotiy con
tested and aroused the enthusiasm of the
spectators. The special features were
the dead heat between Gail Hardenbrook
and Irving Ryder in a mile handicap and
John Wing's fast exhibition mile.
The programme was made up at the
track, and consisted of two one-mile races
and an exhibition mile by John Wing.
One mile, handicap, K. E. Whiting, G. C. C.
(60 yards), won; R. K. Shearman, «;. C. C.
(scratch), second; C. Dable, unclassed (73
yards), third. Time, 2 :24 2-5.
One mile, handicap, Ryder, G. C. C. (scratch).
and Hardenbrook, G. C. C. (15 yards), dead
heat; Francis, unclassed (75 yards), third.
Time, 2:22 2-5.
Exhibition mile, John Wing, paced. Time,
2 :01 1 :05.
AMBAIONED AT SAN JOSE.
Four Suspectrd Cattle Thieves Held Under
Heary Bonds.
SAN JOSE, Cal, Sept. 7.— Francisco
Vedal, Geort'e Slankert, Demetrio Cano
and Sanovia Vedal, the alleged cattle
thieves who were lodged in jail here Satur
day night and yesterday, were arraigned
before Justice Dwyer this afternoon on a
charge of grand larceny. The examina
tion of the four men was set for Friday,
Sept. 18, at 10 a. m. Francisco Vedal and
George Slankert were held in the sum of
$15,000 each, and Sanovia Vedal and Deme
trio Cano, in the sum of $2000 each. Cano
was arrested a few days ago on a charge of
vagrancy, but this was dismissed to-day.
San Jose Orange Jtesolutions.
SAN JOSE, Cal., SepL 7.— San Jose
Grange has adopted a resolution fav
oring the removal of the State Agri
cultural College from Berkeley to San
Jose, Los Angeles or some other city. The
resolution is similar to one recently
adopted by Tulare Grange. It is stated
that experience has proved that agricult
ural colleges could not do satisfactory and
practical work when connected with
classical colleges, and that it should be
moved to some part of the State where it
could be of benefit.
Alum Bock Railway Extension.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 7.— The Com
mon Council at its meeting this evening
granted the Alum Rock and San Jose
Railway Company permission to extend
its track into the camping-gronnds of
Alum Rack Park. The road at present
terminates about three-quarters of a mile
from the springs. The extension of the
road is a ponular project, as San Joseans
as a rule object to the long walk from the
end of the railway to the camping-grounds
and springs.
Mining Company Incorporated.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 7.— Articles in
corporating the Golden Ancient Channel
Mining Company were filed with the
County Clerk to-day. The principal place
of business is to be San Jose. The canital
stock is $100,000. The directors are: F. J.
Smith, J. M. Hawkins and P. C. Smith,
Evergreen; T. A. Rogers, Mountain View;
R. Fisk, Edenvale; J. H. Challen, Span
ish Ranch; Guy H. Salisbury, San Jose.
Slijnh T. Caolfi Dead.
SAN JOSE, Cal. Sept. 7. -Elijah T.-
Cable, a pioneer of 1849. died at his home
in this city yesterday. He was a native of
Connecticut, agea 79 years. A widow and
nine grown children survive him.
Fir* at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 7.— The grocery
store of JoKn W. Cotter at Santa Clara
was destroyed by fire about 1 o'clock this
morning. The loss is $2500, with $1350 in
surance. The origin of the fare is un
known.
JUarin County's Grand Jury.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal.. Sept. 7.— The
Mann County Grand Jury has been drawn
as follows: William Patten, D. Grand i,
John R. Lincetser, George W. Grinter, H.
B. Bass, 0. H. Hussey, Henry F. Allen,
If. V. Arilla, G. Codoni, Alonzo Coffin,
David Warden, P. L. Bourne, E. L. Lund,
James King, R. S. Alexander, L. C.
Bailey, D. Sutherland, D. B. Burbanx and
John Vonsen. Jud^e Angelotti appointed
D. Worden foreman.
Itinerant* at Faciflc Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal.. Sept. 7.— The
Itinerants' Club closed its final session to
aay. The last meeting for this year of the
club was held to-night at the Methodist
church. The paper of tlie evening was
read by Rev. D. C. B. Peacock of Santa
Clara. His subject was "How to Organize
a Church for Work," and it was handled
in a masterly manner.
Burifd at Montecito.
SANTA BARBARA, Cat.., Sept. 7.— The
funeral of tbe late Kinton Stevens took
place to-day from his beautiful family
residence, Tanglewood, in Montecito. The
funeral service was read by the Right
Rev. Joseph H. Johnston, Bijhop of the
diocese. The remains were interred in
the Montecito cemetery.
Rail Casualty at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 7.— The body
of W. Mack, salesman for Gordon & Mor
rison, wholesale jewelers of Chicaco, was
found in the suburbs of the city to-day. He
having been run down and killed yester
day afternoon by a Northern "Pacific
passenger train.
TRAGEDY AT ARBUCKLE
J. Price Vaughn Murders A. M.
Phillips, an Erstwhile
Friend.
Shoots His Victim Twice, Despite Pleat
for Mercy — Crime Caused
by Liquor.
COLUSA, Cal.. Sept. 7.— At Arbnckle
yesterday afternoon J. Price Vaughn shot
and killed A. M. Phillips. Both men
were .well known in the community and
each had many friends. There was only
one witness to the affair, A. B. Jackson, a
grain buyer for a San Francisco firm.
The shooting occurred at an opening in
a fence rear a tankhouse in the yard back
of the office occupied by Jackson. Phil
lips was just outside the yard in an alley
way opposite the opening or gateway busy
unloading a camping outfit, which had
been used by Vaughn, Creighton Howeil
and himself, the four having just returned
from a camping trip in the mountains.
There was some dispute about the division
of the things in the wagon. Vaughn dre w
his pistol and fired at Phillips through
t he opening in the fence at a distance of
about twelve feet. Phillips had some
cooking utensils and articles of tinware in
his arms.
ihe first shot did not take effect, and
Vaughn advanced toward Phillips, who
tv rned to avoid him and held up his right
hand, exclaiming:
'•My God. Price, don't, don't 1"
Vaughn fired the second shot, which
struck Phillips' left arm near the elbow,
entered the body and pierced the lun£,
producing a fatal wound. Vaughn still
advanced as Phillips was retreating and
fired again. This ball entered Phillips'
back at the lower end of tbe shoulder
blade, passed the right other lung and
into the liver. Phillips then walked or
ran down the alley to" the street and fell
on the sidewalk at the corner of the Din
widdie House, expiring in a few seconds.
Vaughn had been drinking, but Phillipa
was sober. As far as can be learned the
men had been warm friends previous to
this trouble. A Coroner's jury returned a
verdict charging Vauphn with willful
murder. He was arrested and is now con
fined in the County Jail.
J'ullman Company Sued at Visalia.
VISALIA, Cal.. Sept. 7.— A suit was
filed to-day in Department 2 of the Su
perior Court entitled Mrs. E. A. Gill ts. the
Pullman Palace Car Company. Plaintiff
prays judgment for $25,000 damages, $400
expended for medical attendance and costs
of suit. She alleges that she purchased a
through sieeping-car ticket from San
Francisco to rhirnton, Kansas, but was
forced to change cars at Barstow, and ia
doing so was thrown violently to the
ground and crippled for life.
Ensenada Suspect Released.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 7.—lnforma
tion has been received from Ensenada,
Lower California, that James Dukes, one
of the three men captured by a posse of
Mexican officers and placed in jail on a
charge of being extensively engaged in
horse-stealing, had been freed. Dukes was
caught with the members of a notorious
band of outlaws a week ago.
Santa Cruz Restaurant Attached
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 7. — The
United States restaurant, opposite the
Pacific Ocean House, on Pacific avenue, a
resort well known to many late winers
and diners oi Santa Cruz, was attached
to-day by Bourcq & Walti for $235. The
liabilities will amount to $2500, with assets
practically nil.
NEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AdENTS FOR THE
AIAGQIOISI KID GLOVES, r
The Greatest
Muslin
Underwear
Sale
EVER INAUGURATED.
OVER 20,000 PIECES
-OT
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR
AT PRICES NEVER BEFORE
HEARD OF.
Every Piece Brand New
and Very Desirable,
COMPRISING:
Gowns,
Skirts,
Chemises,
Drawers
AND
Corset Covers
We have often quoted Low Prices,
but never before anything. to equal
the values offered at this great sale.
CALL EARLY
Is the advice we give to
our regular patrons. It
will pay you to do so.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN LEViNSON.
125. 127, 120, 131 Kearny Street.
BSAKCJISXOr«£-743 and 744 Market M
34
LABOR DAY AT
LOS ANGELES
Union Workingmen Thread
the Southern City's
Streets.
THOUSANDS ON PARADE.
Magnificent Showing Made by
the Men Who Toil for
Bread.
FIELD SPOETS AND SPEECHES.
Senator White Addresses a Large
Assemblage at Agricultural
Park.
Los Angeles Office of the Call,)
328 South Broadway, >
Lob Angeles, Cal., Sept. 7. )
Labor day was celebrated in this city by
the trade unions in a splendid and ex
tremely creditable manner. The parade
was a surprise to all beholders, not only
because of its great length, but because of
the intelligent and dignified appearance of
Men Who Arc Prominent in the Councils of Los Angeles
Labor Unions.
the men in line. The showing was in the
nature of an eye-opener to those who are
prone to sneer at and belittle organized
labor in Los Angeles. The men were
neatly and in many cases elegantly
dressed in costumes befitting their several
callings. Many divisions carried emblems
or implements of their trade, appropri
ately draped in the National colors. The
numerous banners were among tbe finest
ever seen in this city.
As it was not a legal holiday business
houses were not generally closed, but em
ployes were allowed the freedom of the
day in most cases to participate in the
parade and exercises. In spite of the heat
the streets were lined with spectators be
fore the Hour pet for the procession to
move, and the sturdy appearance of the
various organizations was heartily appre
ciated and applauded. The men marched
in open order, so it took considerable time
for tbe thousands in line to 'pass a given
point The American flag was much in
evidence, and inspired enthusiasm.
The line of march was from Temple
and New Hieh to Broadway, down Broad
way to Fifth, thence to Spring, up Spring
to Temple block, around Temple block to
Main and down Main to Sixth, where the
marchers disbanded. At the head of the
first division was the Seventh Regiment
military band, four mounted policemen,
Marshal A. M. Green and Grand Marshal's
Aides E. R. Holman, A. M. Sommer, E.
E. Beahn, J. E. Wise, A. Stewart and J. J.
Dougherty.
The marshal of the first division was
Captain F. B. Colver. and )us aides were
Vie Trace, £. J. Mack and Frank Cheney.
Following Marshal Colver was the Council
of Labor, forty strong. Then came the
Coast Seamen's Union. The seamen
turned out in large numbers, and their
marching attracted attention all along the
line. They were in white uniforms and
presented a fine appearance. The Bakers'
Union was fifty strong. Ail wore white
trousers, white shirts and straw hats. The
citrar-makers made a fine appearance in
suite of black. The Cooks and the Hotel
and Restaurant Employes' Alliance made
a good showing.
Following them came tbe American
Railway Union. The representation of
the great order was strong. At the head
of the column was a banner, un one side
of which was a iife-size portrait of Eugene
V. Debs and the words "A. li. U. on deck,
243,000 strong." After ihe American RaiJ
way Union came the Recall Clerks" Asso
cation and the Butchers' Protective Asso
ciation.
The Theatrical Employes' Alliance was
one of tbe sirong features of the parade.
There wero forty in line wearing white
caps and overalls. The members of the
National brotherhood of Electrical Work
ers' Association ail wore white shirts,
black ties and black suits. The Los An
geles Musicians' Association and the In
ternational Labor Association were well
represented.
The feature of the first division was Los
Anceles Typographical Union No. 174.
Nearly every union printer in the city was
in Jine. The banners they carried at
traded much attention and brought forth
applause all along the line of march.
The marshal of the second division was
Charles Fisher, and his aides were S. C.
Gurnsey, Carlo Robertson and R. H. Web
ber. Music was supplied by the Los An
geles band. The Council of
Buildine Trades was well represented and
made a grand showing. Prominent in
this division was the Tin, Sheet-Iron and
Cornice Workers' Union. All the mem
bers wore gray linen dusters and cornice
parasols made of zinc The Plumbers'
and Gas Fitters' Union made a tine ap
pearance. They carried the prettiest ban
ner in the parade. It was of maroon
colored silk and lettered in colors to fauit.
The members of the Brotherhood of
Painters and Decorators wore white caps,
white trousers and straw hats. The
Shinglers 1 ' Union was well represented.
The members wore white caps and white
trousers. The Bricklayers' Protective
Union turned out fifty strong. They were
dressed in white and wore straw bats.
The Stone Cutters' Uniou, Gas Fix'ure
Hangers' and Plasterers' Unions and
Journeymen Lathers' Union were all
well represented and made a good appear
ance.
D. O. Freeman was the marshal of the
third division, and his aides were Charles
Reynolds, M. McNuckles and Ramon
Garcia. Mnsio was furnished for this di
vision by Blanchard & Fitzgerald's mili
tary band. The Brickmakera' Union was
well represeutad. The Carpenters' and
Joiners' Union had 400 in line. Each car
ried a square wrapped in the national col
ors.
The literary exercises and amateur
sports at Agricultural Park this afternoon
drew large crowds. The officers of the
day were H. E. Martens, president; H. E.
Dewey, secretary, and F. B. Colver, treas
urer. The literary exercises were opened
with a selection by the Seventh Regiment
Band, followed by an address by Captain
F. B. Colver. Colver was followed by
Hon. Stephen M. White. Eloquent
speeches were also made by Hon. W. T.
Williams and Hon. Jud R. Rush.
Labor Hay at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 7.— Seattle ob
served Labor Day by a general suspension
of business. The exercises indulged in by
way of celebration consisted of a regatta,
bicycle meet, baseball, cricket and races.
Observed at Phoenix.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 7.— Labor Day
was observed in this city. All business
bouses were closed, and there were cycling
and athletic sport at the park. Five
thousand men marched this evening to a
public stand, where Governor Franklin
and Mayor Monibon addressed the largest
crowd ever assembled in this city.
DROWNED AT PORTLAND.
Fate of a Brother of the Cor
pellos, Hamburg and Berlin
Bankers.
A Suicide's Identity Learned Months
After He Sought Death in th 3
Willamette.
PORTLAND, Or., Bept. 7.— On June 26
the decomposed body of a man was found
floating in the Willamette River near this
I city. An inquest was held; nobody was
' able to identify the deceased and the re
| mains were intered in the pauper*' field.
A few pencil notes in a memorandum
book established the fact that he was a
German. The German Consul here, Carl
yon Wintzingerode, was informed of this
and reported the circumstances to the Im
perial Government.
The Consul has just received a letter an
nouncing that the unknown dead was a
brother of the Corpeilos, the great bankers
of Hamburg and Berlin. The letter was
from one of tbe Corpello brothers and re
quested the Consul to examine into the
i case and report tbe circumstances of the
i death. It is Intimated tbat the body will
I be removed to Hamburg and given a rest-
I ing-place in the tomb of the ancestors of
the deceased.
This identification was made from the
memorandum book which had been for
warded to Germany, together with the
Consul s report of the death. The pencil
! writing therein was recognized by tbe
j Corpellos as that of their brother. * Fur
• tber, they were led to examine the book
I because their brother had advised them of
his intention to commit suicide.
The deceased was well educated and was
sent to this country with ample means
but be was a roystering Bohemian, gener
ous to a fault, and squandered his fortune
in a few year». .
Petaluma Markttnen Bin.
PETALUMA, Cal., Bept. 7.-Company
C of the Fifth Regiment is jubilant over
I its victory in tne shooting contest with
Company E of Santa Rosa. Its riflemen
scored 787 points to Company E's 745.
The largest individual score was made by
J. W. Godwan of Company E— 47 out of a
possible 50.
New pictures and frames for fall trade are
here, fine and cheap. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
BILLS OWING
BY THE STATE
Examiners Investigate a
Varied Collection of
Claims.
UNION DEPOT FUNDS
No Action to Be Taken Until
All Contracts Are Filed
at the Capitol.
BRAVE OFFICERS REWARDED.
Will B) Recompensed for Removing
Desperadoes — The Coyote
Scalp Inquiry.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 7. — The
State Board of Examiners met to-day pur
suant to-law to investigate the merits of
all claims against the State for which
there was no existing appropriation.
Such as in its judgment possessed-merit
were recommended to the attention of the
coming session of the Legislature, while
others were rejected in tota.
The first subject called to the attention
of the board was the matters ot claims for
the erection of the Union depot in San
Francisco, and it was agreed that the
Board of Harbor Commissioners should be
notified that until all awarded contracts
had been tiled with the Board of Exam
iners no claims would be allowed.
The complaints against the YountviHe
Veterans' Home were referred to Secre
tary of State Brown for investigation.
The subject of employes of the Legis
lature cropped up. Secretary of State
Brown said the Legislature took the con
trol of the capitol out of bis hands. Il
even laid off his elevator man and em
ployed one of its own. It had engaged
six porters in addition to his full force,
and he would jump at the chance to con
tract to run the building for one-quarter
what it cost during the former Bession.
The matter of contingtnt expenses was
gone into, and it was found that in 1880,
for a 100-day session, the amount expended
was $16,000; in 1881, $19,000, while the
later sessions hal run the amount up to
from $45,000 to $60,000.
The Secretary of State desired to be in
formed as to how the State reports could
be limited, as in the past thousands of
books had been printed and never used.
It was decided to refer the matter for an
opinion to the Attorney-General, and Si
[retary Markley was instructed to get a list
of the number of volumes of reports pub
lished each year for the past five years,
and if possible ascertain how many were
used.
The claim of the estate of A. J. Bogard, |
who killed Bandit Browning and was in i
turn k lied by "Jack" Brady in the Wheat- j
land hold-up, was recommended, as was
also the claim of Earl Daggett, who killed
Dan McCall at the hold-up at Goshen, and
W. N. ilend ricks, who killed John Keener
while he was attempting to rob a stage
coach at Foils station, Calaveras County.
Each of these claims was for $300. They
will have to go before the Legislature.
All the military claims for the 1894
strike period were recommended.
The coyote-scalp investigation was post
poned for two weeks, at which time a
number of witnesses will be subpenaed i
and sworn and efforts made to arrive at !
the bottom of the fraudulent claims, as j
charged by the Kern County Grand Jury.
The old-time claim of Jose Ramon Picos I.
for organizing the First California Na
lional Cavalry during tlie war came up.
The claim was for $8111 15. It was re
ferred to Secretary Brown, who will look
into the facts of tbe case.
Prison Director Robert Devlin, on tho
part of the commission, requested to be
allowed a monthly deficiency for San
Quentin for three months, until the
supar-bag appropriation became available.
The Attorney-General favored the propo
sition and the matter will probably re
ceive favorable consideration.
The subject of the salary of R. I. I
Thomas, commonly dubbed ••Dick," sec
retary of the Dobris Commission, in the
sum of $250, provoked a spirited argu
ment, Devlin contending that it was not
the purpose of the Legislature to give
debris people any salary until a con
tingency arose.
"Is the act used for promoting private
interest* or for protecting public water
ways?" Inquired Fitzgerald.
"Both may betaken intoconsideration,"
replied Devlin. "These dams do the val
ley people no good, and if they fail they
create a great deal of danger."
The board decided that Thomas was en
titled to his salary since the passage of
tbe United States appropriation.
The expenses of the funeral of Lieuten
ant-Governor Millard and General Di
mond received recommendations, and the
claim of Dennis Jordan for building the
Folsom State Prison was taken up. Fitz
gerald said:
"This claim was passed upon by the
board. 1 see no use in considering it
again. I don't know that we have a right
to cut down the claim, thus rescinding tho
action of the former board. The claim
was allowed for $79,000 by the Legislature.
Governor Budd vetoed it because it was
too much. 1 decline to consider the mat
ter, because it has been adjudicated."
Attorney Spelling said that Jor.ian had
fought the claims through five Legisla
tures. The claim has been passed upon
favorably by each, but there was some
flaw in each case to defeat it. Tbe Dill
never has been vetoed, but always pock
eted.
In view of the fact that the Legislature
had passed bills for as high as $79,000 the
board should give at least $63,000, the
amount computed by Secretary Markley.
Jordan was a man of moderate fortune
and lost every cent he had in the venture.
Jordan claimed that animosity on the i
part of certain architects had ruined him. j
Among the requisitions served on him was j
one for 1,000,000 bricks when there were
not 10,000 bricks used in the whole build
ing.
Fitzeerald said he was not informed on
both sides of the question and was not in
a position to act. Budd and Brown de
cided they would recommend the appro
priation for $63,000.
Secretary Brown asked for a deficiency
of $5000 for repairs and improvements to
the Capitol building, to consist of furniture
for some of the offices. It was allowed.
Joseph Steffens appeared asking for per
mission to build a house for the resident
physician at Stockton, to cost $7000.
Brown and Budd refused to give a de
cision and said they would consider the
matter a week from to-day. Both were
opposed to tbe scheme. The board of
trustees had already let the contract.
Budd, upon hearing it, asked Steffens if
he wanted to pay for the building him
self. As a result Steffens appeared before 1
the board for the necessary permit.
Santa Crux's Bond Litigation.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 7.— There
was filed to-day in the United States Cir
cuit Court the answer of the city of Santa
Cruz in the case of the refunding water
bond suit. The amount sued for is nearly
$360,000. The city's attorneys have tiled
six separate defenses, the answer being
most exhaustive. Tne main point is that
no special notice of the election authoriz
ing the issuance of the bonds was pub
lished, although the ordinance for the
election was printed.
DISASTER NEAR TULARE.
Thomas Salter's Mistake in Discharging a
Gun Near Giant Powder Causes
His Death.
TULARE, Cal., Sept. 7. — Thomas
Salter. an Enelishman 40 years of age. was
instantly killed last night on the Stanage
ranch, fourteen miles southeast of Tul&re.
The ranch is the property of the'Farm
ers'Union Milling Company and was in
charge of John F. Alien. Allen, who is a
miner as well as rancher, had seventy-five
pounds of giant powder stored in the
cellar. Allen had gone to the White
River mines, leaving Salter in charge of
the ranch. Ke returned last night at 9
o'clock and found his ho.ise, a commo
dious six-room cottage, almost completely
wrecked. Turning to the cellar, a dug
out twenty feet from the house, he stum
bled over the body of Salter. The cellar
and contents were demolisued and wreck
age was strewn about in all directions.
Salter had declared to neighbors that he
was "going to kill that skunk that was
making trouble for tue old hen that was
sitting in the cellar near the boxes of
giant powdpr." It is the accepted theory
that he took his gun and either went into
the cellar or uj>on the steps and. fired at
the skunk, the concussion causing the ex
plosion. The gun, a muzzle-loader, was
found to-day with the stoc£ broken off
and but one barrel loaded.
PASSED AWAY AT BELLEVUE.
Death of Nelson Wescoatt, Mining Expert,
Law - Maker and Philan
thropist.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 7.— Nelson
Wescoatt, the well-known mining expert,
died this morning at the residence of fiis
son, John Wescoatt, near Bellevue.
Wescoatt was a native of Ohio, aged 75
years, and came to this State in 1853. In
1862 he went to Virginia City, where he
made and lost several fortunes. He was
at one time a State Senator in Nevada, and
was the author of some of the mining
laws now on the statute-books of that
State. He was considered an authority
on mining topics, and bis advice was
often sought by the most prominent min
ing men of the West. Of a warm-hearted
and generous nature, he assisted his
friends whenever asked, and he gave away
more money than it falls to the lot of the
average man to possess in a lifetime. He
possessed valuable mining property in
Candelaria, Nev., at the time of his death.
He leaves surviving three brothers and a
son.
SAN RAFAEL INNOVATION,
The Paper Chase to Give Way
to a Hunt for a R?al
Kangaroo.
From Australia Was Imported the
Quarry That Society Will
Pursue.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept 7.— England
has her fox hunts, Southern California
her coyote hunts, and San Rafael hitherto
her paper chases, but hereafter she will
lead the world with nothing more or less
than a kangaroo hunt. A young kangaroo
has been secured by the Hotel Rafael man
agement from Australia. This will be ex
hibited in a few days at the California
Hotel, in San Francisco, and later will be
placed in a small corral pending the excit
ing events to transpire on its liberation.
All of the experienced riders who have
participated in the paper chases will take
stations near the Hotel Rafael, the kan
garoo will be turned loose and will be pur
sued across country until recaptured. A
pack of twenty-five English bounds is be
ing trained for the hunt, which will occur
some time during the latter part of
September.
The kangaroo is noted for its fleetness
and its high jumping. The chances are
that there will be but few riders in at the
brush. The fact that kangaroos are not a
drug on tae market will make tbe windup
a difficult affair, as care must be taken not
to harm the animal. It has been sug
gested that each rider be equipped with a
lariat, and It is stated that many have al
ready acted on this suggestion and have
provided themselves with tbe light yet
exceedingly strong hair woven ropes.
The same rules gov^rninu the fox hunts
in England will obtain, and the first lady
in at the "brush" will receive — not the
brush, because kangaroos unfortunately
do not possess snch an ornament — some
suitable prize as a souvenir of her skill.
MOURNING AT STANFORD.
News of the Death of Adam H. Jack Sadly
Received by the University
Students.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
7. — Stanford students, and Stanford ath
letes especially, are shocked to learn that
the Adam A. Jack, who fell dead on a
street in San Francisco lately, was the
promising mile walker of this university.
Jack entered Stanford with tbe class of
'99 and took up the study of physiology as
his major, in pursuance of his intention
to become a physician. He had received
a thorough preparatory training in a pri
vate school of Truro, Nova Scotia, of which
city he was ■ resident before matriculat
ing here. He was a conscientious worker
with his studies and a favorite with his
professors and classmates.
When the athletic enthusiasm wa3 on
last spring Jack wont into regular train
ing with a vigor seldom seen in a first-year
man. He tried for the mile walk and de
veloped both speed and endurance. So
great was the faith of the Stanford track
captain in his ability that he was made a
member of the Varsity trcck team, and it
was confidently predicted that Mervin
alone of the Berkeley representatives in
his event would beat him. Such proved to
be the case in tbe intercollegiate match
when Mervin had hard work to beat him.
The Berkeley walker complimented JacK
very highJy and Coffin, the great coa«t
walker and athletic authority at that time,
said Jack was destined to become one of
the fastest men in the country. He was
but 23 years old at his deatli and a very
large, strongly built fellow. The class of
'99 wili adopt'rasolutions of regret.
Henre/i for a Portland Swindler.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 7.— Mri. Mary
A. Patterson of Ogden, Utah, has applied
to the police authorities here for assistance
in tracing her husband, J. D. Patterson, a
well-known insurance agent, who disap
peared from Portland on the 22d of May last
after swindling a large number of people
on a fake insurance scheme. Patterson feft
a letter saying his purpose was to kill him
self by taking morphine and leaping into
the river. No trace of his body has been
founi, and it is believed now as then tbat
he did not commit suicide.
Tragedy Sear Marywville.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Sept 7.— Clyde
Blodgett, 22 years old, committed suicide
at a farm thirteen miles north of town
this morning, shooting himself in the
nead with a revolver. The rause was
despondency over a love affair. His
parents reside at Martinez.
LENA N WINS
AT SACRAMENTO
Northrup's Mare Proves the
Best Novice of the
Season.
HER GAIT IS PERFECT.
Without Eflbrt She Steps Off the
First Heat in a Pacing
Race in 2:13
AUDITOR TAKES A PUKSE.
Blue Bel's Enriches Her Backers by
Securing a Place at Long
Odds.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 7—While
the programme at the track to-day did
not call out any of the top-notchers of the
light-harness brigade, the large crowd in
attendance saw some splendid sport, in
cluding several close and exciting finishes.
In the 2:27 pace the best "green one" of
the year was uncovered. Lena N, a strap
ping big daughter of Sidney (2:19^), un
incumbered by hobbles or other racing
paraphernalia, with a »;ait that was sim
ply perfection, stepped off the first heat in
2:13 with no apparent effort— a wonderful
performance. The mare, which is owned
by C. F. Northrup, a prominent merchant
of Petaluma, is by Sydney from Helen
Ben ton, by General Beaton. Her gran
dam, Nettie George, said to be the dam of
Arab (2:15), was a thoroughbred racer
years ago by Wesley George, as were all
of her maternal ancestors back to the
fourteenth dam. Wilfred Page purchased
the pacer from her breeder, Josiah White
of Lakeviile, for $380, and in turn sold
her to Mr. Nortbrup for the sum of $80.
Her present owner offered her for sale for
$400 previous to the first heat, and it is
rumored that she will shortly become a
member of Winship & Heating's string.
Outside of this brilliant performance
the racing was marked by nothing of the
sensational order. A cooling breeze sprang
up during the day and was hailed with I
delight by all. Five books in the big ring
and two field books enjoyed liberal pat
ronage.
Auditor captured the 2:30 trot in straight
: heats, making a mark of 2:19},, and Ellert,
a handsome bay gelding, by Stamboul,
and owned by Millionaire Alvinza Hay
ward, won two of the dashes in the 2:35
trot and took a record of 2:19. About the i
best thing of the day was Blue Bells, which
finished second in one, heat to Lena N.
with odds of 20 to 1 about her for the place
and quietly played by a few knowing ones.
Eight responded to the tap of the bell
for the 2:30 trot. In the pools the field,
consisting of Peter Jackson, Millie L,
Billups, Leader, Goldy and Silver Ring,
sold for $10. with Auditor bringing $3 and
Fannie 0 $3." Goldy and Fannie C were
leading the others at the half, with Au
ditor back in the rear. Goldy broke
; shortly after, and Peter Jackson was the '<
first into the homestretch. Coming on
from fourth position, Auditor gamely
strode to the front and took the heat by
nearly two lengths from Fanny C in 2 :20%.
There was no material change In the bet- I
ting before the second heat. It proved
easy came for Auditor, who won it and
the beat following off the reel. Fanny C
was second and I'eter Jackson third in
each of the miles trotted.
There were six starters in the 2:35 trot,
decided under the new system of heat
dashes, each neat being considered a race.
Wow, driven by Ed Lafferty, the popular
La Siesta farm reinsman, was backed down
by her party from 2's to 3to 5 favoritism
to pull off the first heat. Casey, behind
Ellert. managed to get the pole from Cap
tain Harris turning down the back stretch,
being shortly joined by Wow. The pair
had a hot duel to the wire, but the Stam- j
boul horse possessed the most speed and
headed Wow out three lengths, in 2:19.
Ellert, now a hot 3 to 5 chance, took the
second heat easily, although Alia, driven
by James Dustin. came with a big rush at
the end, on the strength- of which she was
; well played to down Ellert in the heat fol
lowing. This she did. A break after pass
ing the half pole in the third heat cost El
len a length or so, but he caught quickly
and hit the stretch for home on equal
terms with Alia. In a hard-fought contest
to the stand, Dustin managed to nip the j
heat at the tape by a neck with the Palo |
Alto stock farm mare. According to the
rules, there being but two horses eligible
to start in the fourth beat, which requires '
three or more, that heat was declared off,
and the society was ahead just $200.
There certainly was no immediate
danger of any of the pencilers having a
"Dutch" on the last event, the 2:27 pace,
also heat dashes, for the odds were boiled
down to the marrow. Bastina and Mnllie
Nurse held first honors in the betting,
each being quoted at twos. Lena N, driven
by P. Hoi brook, wiggled around in 2:13
with 3 to 1 against her, and the other
drivers knew they had struck a snag. She
also waltzed off the other two heats in
pleasing fashion in 2:16^ and 2:20 and
under the rules was not allowed to com
pete in the fourth, or consolation heat.
Andy McDowell mode his first appear
ance at the meeting behind Blue Bells.
The consolation heat was the hottest
contested affair of the day. A furlong
from the wire the five starters were on
nearly equal terms, all driving furiously.
Butcher Boy, driven by Dan Misner. had
the most speed and passed the finishing j
post a length before Bastinn. In the third
heat Clark, behind Mollie Nurse, did some
bad piloting at the first turn, colliding
with Butcher Boy's bike. - Misner, driver
of the latter horse, lodged a protest with
the judges and Mollie was ruled out.
Trotting, 2:30 class, 3in 5. Tune, $800.
Auditor, b. h., by secreiary-byWhipptedon
(Kdjte) in
Fanny C, h. m., by Fatlls (Keating) 2 2 a
Peter Jackson, br. h., b. Designer (0c1)... 33 3
Millie L. b. m., by Yosemite (Oenccllo) 4 5 4
Leader, blk.'g.. by Tom lienton (Kotiriquez). 645
Bitlupß, b. D., by Boydell (lift vis)... ..... :.. Dls
Silver Kin*, a m.. b>- silver Bow (Williams) Dls
; Time, 2:30*4— 2 :20Vi— 2:19 V<j- ■
Trotting, 2:35 class. Heat dashes, purse *750.
Ellert, t>. g., by fc'Uunboul-L*dy Escott
(Casey) ;..... 112
Alia, br. f., by Palo Alto (Dustin).. 42 J.
Wow, br. m., by Oel-vln (Lafferty).......... .. A3 3
Capt. Harris, br. g., by Brown Jug (Me-
Manus)...... ..; 344
Maud ■ Francis G, • b. . m., by Argent (00l
- w0rthy)...:............... 5 5 D
ranadma, br. f., by Eros (Franklin) i>ls'
Time, 2:19— 2:21%.
-'■Facing, 2:27 class. Heat dashes, purse, $800. •
; Lena N,b. m., by Sydney-Helen Ben ton
by Gen. Benton (H0i br00k). ....'.'....,....■ 1110
Butcher foy, en. g., by Secretary-Fanny
Wilson (Mi5ner). ................; .:... 6471
Blue . Bells, bile, m., by Ban Uleso (Mc-
D0we11)......... — ...:..............:..... 4 2 24
Basitna, en. I, by Nuiford (Chaboya)...... a 5 6 2 1
Lizzie fe, eh. in., by Illustrous (H0y). ...... 8 7 3 3
Butch, en. g., by Capri (Shaner) m . 56 46
Mollie Nurse, b. f.. by Mono wood (Clark J.. 7 3 5K
Joe Wheeler bik. g., by lion of Bydue.y
'(0wen5)...... ...; :.....:....:...... . 3 Dls.
■; Time, 2:13-3:168/4-2:20-2:21.
- Following are to-morrow's entries: .
Trotting; 2:25 class; three-year-old stake;
value $550— Prince Gift, Hunyadi.
Trotting; 2:24 class; purse $1000— Alias. Ad
•Uson. : Harry Winchester, Lena Holly, Niece,
Laurel, Twilight, Desdemona. : .
Pacing; 2:22 class; purse $1000; heat
dashes— Jim Budd; Orland, Betty Gentry, Nel
lie B, Palatine, Ed Lafferty.
HARRISON D. BARRETT, President National Spiritualistic
Association.
SPIRITUALISTS' REUNION
Final Meeting of the State As
sociation in Golden Gate
Hall.
What It Is Claimed That Organiza
tion Has Done for the Order.
A Funeral.
The State Spiritualists' Association met
in Golden Gate Hall Sunday morning
in informal session. A large audience
was present. President Thomas G. New
man presided, and on the platform were
Rev. H. P. Haworth, Mrs. Hen dee-Ropers,
Hattie D. Wrenn, Mrs. F. A. Logan, Mrs.
Maxwell-Colby, Mrs. Fannie Place and
Mrs. G. W. Shriner. v
The exercises began with a fine violin
solo by Professor R. D. Young, accom
panied by Mme. E. Young, which was fol
lowed by a poetic invocation by Mrs. Hen
dee-Rogers.
State President Newman introduced
Hon. Harrison D. Barrett, of Washington,
D. C, president of the National Associa
tion of spiritualists. He said that formerly
there had seemed to be no place in the
world for Spiritualism, but that now, since
organization, all that was changed and
spiritualism has a place and an influence
in the world — a recognized factor in the
preat moral work of civilization. He held
that the God of Spiritualism was that all
pervading power which creates, evolves
and moves all things.
• Th. mas G. Newman followed and
likened spiritualism in California and the
Nation, previous to organization, to Sher
idan's army, and President 'Barrett's trip
through the States to Sheridan's famous
ride, the result in both cases being the
same — confusion and disorder were
changed to order and system.
Rev. H. P. Haworth's address was full
of good points and evoked considerable
enthusiasm among his listeners.
At the afternoon session Mrs. Chandler
led the audience in singing "Nearer My 1
God to Thee," after which N. F. Ravlin j
spoke on "The Evolution of Esoteric
Spiritualism," and said that by exoteric
systems one might turn out all sorts of
thinkers, professors, etc., without once
touching: the spiritual nature. He, was
vehement in his defense of woman.
Mrs. Emma Sherwood of Chicago sang
"The Poor Man's Sheaf."
Professor W. J. Colville, a speaker well
known to San Francisco spiritualists,
spoke upon the same subject as did Mr.
Ravlin. : . • .
A violin solo was then given by Pro
fessor E. A. Whitelaw of Boston, accom
panied by Mrs. Geraldme Morris.
' The evening session of the association
was attended* by a crowd that filled Golden
Gate Hall. The meeting was opened by !
the playing of the President Barrett !
march by Young's Orchestra. Mr. Bar
rett recited "The Song of the Mystic," by
Father Ryan, the poet priest of the South,
and proceeded with his address.
"Spiritualism," he said, "comes with a
message of iove and an outstretched hand
to all classes, from the lowest pariah of
society to the highest in the land — shuns
none, but is ready to help all up to a
higher manhood or ; womanhood— ready
to help all who have lost the raiment of j
pnrity to win new garments and the crown
of duty well performed." .
An address was given by Mrs. Eliza
beth Watson, who for a long time prior to
1889 was lecturer for the Progressive Spir
itualists' Society. Mis. Watson's address
was short but full of poetic feeling, and
was frequently interrupted with applause.
After some pleasing musical, numbers
had been given Edward K. Earle, the test
medium, gave a series .tests. At the
close of Mr. Earle's tests the meeting ad
journed. ■ .__
Funeral of 31. B. Dodge.
The funeral services of M. B. Dodge
were held by the United Spiritualist So
cieties of the City Suuday afternoon at
Golden Gate Hall. The exercises began
by a vocal solo, "Angels, Ever Bright and
Fair," rendered by Mrs. G.R. Tuttle.
Mrs. ' Elizabeth Lowe " Watson then
offered an invocation and j spoke of
the life of the deceased as a part of that
better life toward' which the world is
moving. She spoke of him asoue who in
spirit would ever be present to counsel
and advise in deeper, greater love than
earth can have.
Mrs. G. R. Tuttle and Mrs. Frances-
Rogers then sang the duet, "The Old
Man's Dream," a favorite of the late Mr.
Dodge.. . ,'■
Professor J. J. Morse of England, de
livered the funeral oration.
The pall bearers were William M. Rider,
resident of the Progressive Spiritualists
Society; W. H. Yeaw, vice-president- F.
B. Small, J. H. Moore, John Koch, L. A
ugh lu A D. Hall and George H. awes!
The coffin was beautifully decorated with
flowers and sheaves of ripened grain The
interment was in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
• • »
ALL POSED AS NEWSHOYS.
Three Thousand Voungater* Madly
struggle for Admission to the Circus.
Last night was newsboys' night at the
circus, and every enterprising youngster
in town put in an appearance,' with t:,e
hope of being carried in with the 350 that
the company had contracted to admit
free. The result was a jam of nearly 3000
small boys at the Market-street entrance
to Central Park, and some of them must
have been slightiy hurt.
Tue horde became so threatening in size
that the management found it necessary
to close the doors and clear the approach
after admitting about 400. Then did a
strange, medleyed howi go up from the
future voters that had been disappointed
in a (treat juvenile expectation, and the
wild beasts inside the tented city did pace
their cages in awful apprehension ; but
their fears were not realized. Youne
America lingered only a little while near
tbe scene of his discomfiture, then he went
away, vowing vengeance in the days when
he shall have a say in fixing the munici
pal tax on circuses.
Next Friday afternoon the management
will admit free the poor children of tba
Pixley Kindergarten.
banquet to Serra
To-night, at the Maison Riche, Cheva
lier J. Calegaris, president of the Italian
Chamber of Commerce, will offer a dinner
to Chevalier F. Serra, Royal Italian Con
sul, and on that occasion he will present
the Consul to the Chamber of Commerce.
STEW TO-DAT.
DO YOU ,- "
Want Manhood?
Do you realize that you are not the man
you should be at your age ? Do you rind
your manly strength failing you, exposing
the great drain that has been sapping the
very life and ambition out of you ? Does
this knowledge mar your life ? Then, it is
time for yon to look seriously ito your
health. You need such a remedy as Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt, from which you
can absorb new strength and vitality. It
is a grand remedy for any one who is weak
in vitality from whatever cause. - *
As Good for Women as for Men.
Makes People Strong.
Toning and Invigorating in its action, it
has made hundreds of vigorous men out
of as many weak, despondent fellows. It
will cure you if you will try it.
DR. A. T. SANOEN— Dear Sir: There are few
people who know that I am usin? your Belt, as
I did not like to talk of it until 1 knew what it
was going to do for me. Now I think I owe.it
to you and my fellow sufferers to publish the
effect your Bait has hud on me. 1 was a suf-
ferer from nervous debility. . I had spent hun-
dreds of dollars for medicine, and guess I have
taken barrels of it, but nothing did me any
good till I got your Bell. Everybody who has
suffered from nervous debility knows what it
is. Your-Beit worked on me right away, and I
could feel its benefit.* as soon as I put it on. I
have used It now three months, and it has
made a new man of me. Nearly every symp-
tom of my trouble is gone. Pains have gone
from my back, and I feel strong and bright.
Yes, 1 will be glad to recommend the Sanden
Belt now, as I know it will do all you claim for
it. Yours gratefully,
WM. DAWSON,
1422 Sutter street, San Francisco.
••Three Classes of Men"
Is a very valuable treatise on . the restora-
tion of manhood. It will point out a
means by which you can become strong
and manly. It is sent sealed, free, to any
address, or can be had :on application at
the office.
Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter
which concerns the happiness not only of
yourself, but of your family and friends,
of your future. You should not delay.
Call or address . '. v:. ■ /";
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. ' Otlica hours; a a. v. ta
b;SO f. m.: Sundays, 10 to l.
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL, I PORTLAND, OR-
-201 South Broadway, j | 253 Washington strati
IF YOU ARE SICK CONSULT
DOCTOR COOK
. This renowned specialist guarantees a
positive cure of Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Weakening Dreams,
Exhausting Drains, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Stricture, Syphilis, Varicocele, Kidney,
Bladder, Blood and Skin diseases, and
diseases of all internal organs. Female
complaints a specialty. Write if you can-
not call." Office hours 9 to 12 a. m., 2 to 5
and 7to Bp. m. ; Sundays, from 10 to 12 a. m.
only. . Address .
llflPTflß Pflllf 865 MARKET STREET,
UUU I lift bUUIV, Qpp. Powell, S. F., Cal.
uOll\l I X CHINA and
' " '_ ft'- -■■ ■ - - - ■■- WARE
? -'» «ws9£? R ' DBCORATINQ
B. R. CHUBrjH, 807 Bansome St., Room 1.DEMOCRATS FUSE
AMID POVERTY
State Committee Swallows
the Southern Pacific
Ticket.
SORE SPOTS IN PLENTY.
Patton Talked Sadly aud Mad
dux Lookrd Gravely at a
Cuspidor.
WILL ASSESS OFFICE-HOLDEB?.
Committee Members Assessed and
Governor Budd and His Retainers
Down for a Thousand.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee ratified the Popocratic programme of
Congressional fusion at a special meeting
held yesterday afternoon at the California
Hotel, the Southern Pacific Company as
senting thereto. Nine votes were recorded
against it, but it was carried witn seventy
four affirmative votes, of which twenty
five were Southern Pacific proxy votes,
cast by Chairman Alford, Gavin McNab
voting but eight Southern Pacific proxies
this time.
Sore Hearts ana indignant souls were
plentiful about the headquarters and in
the small gathering, but the sore spots
were masked, and the indignation was
carefully smothered.
Eugene N. Deuprey read the long
report of the Democratic confer
ence committee. It was a matter-of-fact
and familiar history or the appointments
of fusion committees and their confer
ences, wnich resulted Saturday night in
the fusion Congressional ticket of four
Democrats and three Populists. The re
port briefly stated the successive appear
ances before the joint committee of the
nominees who chipped in their with
drawals.
It also stated, concerning McGlash^n,
Monteith, Kelly and Maddux, that each
"appeared before tne committee and ab
solutely refused to place his withdrawal in
its handa, giving his reasons therefor."
Four times did Mr. .Deuprey read these
words, placing on "absolutely refused ' a
solemn emphasis of both force and time.
The report omitted to state tbat poor
Patton of the Sixth District, the most
ruthless sacrifice of the deal, had ap
peared aad withdrawn, and Patton's
friend, John W. Mitchell, called attention
to it, whereupon Mr. Deuprey verbally
amended the report.
After reading the report Mr. Deuprey
gracefully threw a wad of balm at Patton
by saying that the Democratic party was
ceeply indebted to the gentleman for his
patriotic self-denial in sacrificing himself
against the will of his friends and against
the judgment of many members of bis
party. Deuprey's motion that a committee
of three be appointed to draft and have en
irrossed resolutions of thanks to be pre
sented;to Mr. Patton instead of a seat in
Congress was passed. There were ooother
Democratic candidates to thank. Bat the
ghosts of Banquos Maddux and Kelly
grinnei sardonically.
Wuile Mr. Patton was being eulogizeo.
and getting thanks voted him Maddux of
the Seventh, who would not resign, sat in
a front seat and looked meditatively into
an iron cuspidor.
Then Patton shouldered his cross and
came to the front to describe his cheerful
ness. He told of placing his withdrawal
in the hands of the committee two weeks
ago, and he said : "Notwithstanding none
of the .Democratic members of the com
mittee lived south of San Francisco I had
confidence in their integrity, and trust
fully rested my case in their hands."
Then he got to that fateful last Saturday
night.
"At a late hour," he said, "I received a
telephone message at my rooms and I
went at once to tLe committee's head
quarters, where I saw Mr. Lane, who pri
vately told me that the Populists were
bound to iJarlow and that unless I with
drew the whole plan would fail. lat once
went before the committte and withdrew.
I feit when I did so that I was giving up a
seat in Congress, for I felt that I might
win in a thre-=-cornered fight."
The devoted stand of his own Demo
cratic friends, he said, would ever be a
proud memory.
"I received no votes from the Populists
and I owe nothing to that party,' 1 he
added.
Patton moved the adoption of the re
port.
Deuprey read the pledge which all the
fusion candidates must sign in triplicate
promising the three parties to vote in
Congress, if elected, forthe fr<»e and un
limited coinage of silver at 16 to 1 without
consent, against all funding schemes and
for the speedy building of the Nicaragua '
canal by the Government.
Samuel Kohlman of San Francisco !
moved to take up the report by districts, '
and Gavin McNab made the point of
order that the report must be consitierei
as a whole, for if the report should not be
approved as to one district the entire re
port would fail.
E. P. Mogan moved to postpone consid
eration until a later special meeting to be
held next Saturday, and Deuprey urged
that it was absolutely necessary for the
report to be accepted or rejected then.
John W. Mitchell of Los Angeies, who
made a lung and loyal tigut for the de- i
feated Patton, stood up eloquently for the
report, saying tbat if objection were raised
it ought to come from Southern California.
"Il is true," said Mitchell, "that a mis
take has been made by reason oi the em- j
pire county of Los Angeles being cnt out i
of the possibility of having a representa- :
tive in tne next Congress, but we are will- \
ing to bow our neads to the inevitable as ■
Democratic patriots rather tban as fusion !
politicians." •
While M. F. Tarpey talked for the re
port, urging that the electoral fusion as
well was in the balance, Mitchell did in- :
effective camp-meeting work in the rear:
with Kohlman, Mogan and other friends
of Joseph P. Kelly. Josenh P. Hayes
made a speech in behali of "a square
deal.'" and Mogan explained that he !
wanted a postponement, because the re
port was not finished until 1 a. m. that I
day, and it should receive careful consid- |
eration.
Mogan's amendment was lost by a vote :
oi ft to 74. the affirmative voters being E. I
P. Mosan, Samuel Kohlman, Joseph P.
Hayes, C. W. Wittbeck, J. J. Byrne, J. J.
Lvtich, Thomas E. Scully and J. A. |
Mc-ulieuh of San Francisco and M. F.
Swift of San Mateo.
Tbe deal was finished so far as the Dem- I
ocrats were concerned, but there was no
applause.
CAMPAIGN FUNDS.
Provision Made for Greasing: the ;
Wheels of Democracy.
W. J. Brobecfe at ence inquired about I
campaign fnnds with which to help ilect
ti.c.-e candidates, and that started an in- i
teresting discussion of the financial ques- '
tion.
Mr. Brobeck made some of the boys at j
the rear turn pale by moving that each
member of the State Central Committee
b«> assessed $30, which he was at liberty to
nay himself or rustle up in any way.
if. J. Laymance was w'lling to stand
$30, out he wanted to know what had be
come of that popular appeal for funds
that was ordered two weeks ago and what
the unreDorting finance committee was
doing.
Then Chairman Alford broke down and
made a confession.
"I have met with the finance committee
at all its meeting?," he said. "I have
witnessed its active efforts to obtain
money and I have witnessed its absolute
failure. The committee could report
nothing but faiinre. It has received but
$600 or $700, and that wouldn't pay even
the pre en: printing bills. The popular
appeai has been delayed by the fusion ne
gotiations. 1 believe the finance commit
tee recommended this proposed $30 assess
ment. It is impossible now to pay the
expense bills of speakers."
Max Popper, ex-chairman of the State
Central Committee, who has had much ex
perience in raising campaign funds ana in
raying bills himself, made a vigorous
roar.
'It is a rule in many other States," he
said, "that every member of ihe State Cen
tral Committee mu-t pay an :'.s~essment of
$100 ;or the honor before he takes his seat.
In Tammany not a member can take his
eat un:ii he has paid his assessment of
$100. This committee made a $100 assess
ment once and just rive paid it. A $30 as
sessment ought to raise about $3000 — not
sufficient, but enough to send out a good
many speakers."
Mr. Popner grew indknant with his
progress and turned on the hard-shell of
fice-holders.
"We have men in this committee," be
declared, "who hold public positions but
who will not c< ntribute a nickel. Why,
the other day a Government official who is
drawing a $4500 salary was asked to con
tribute fora ratification meetinc and he
sent the magnificent sum of $5. This
thing ought to be stopped."
J. A. Filcher of the finance committee
gave the candid warnin • ttiat he had pre
pared a list of every Democratic public
official, great and small, and of every
prominent Democrat, and they would be
called on. Mr. Filcher also sent warning
to Jim Budd and all his merry crew.
"I am gome up to-morrow evening," he
said, "to call on the Governer and those
about him, and I expect to get $1000 up
there."
J. Marion Brooks resolutely moved to
amend Brobeck's resolution by making
the $30 assessment absolute and nersonal,
and tnough D. A» Ostrom of Yuba re
called thai it cost the country members
"S2O" every trp to attend a meeting of
the committee Brooks' amendment car
rieu and the assessment was declared as a
starter.
With this exhibition of ways and no
means the committee adjourned until
Saturday, the 26th inst
JUNTA POSTPONEMENT.
Campaign Committee Troubles
Put Over to Thurs
day.
The Junta campaign committee held a
meeting last night at which little was
accomplished. It was decided to postpone
the naming of the 140 deiegates-at-large to
the municipal convention until next
Thursday evenin-r. Tne Popper-McXab
fighters of Rainey were unabie to get the
votes necessary for their plan of rescind
ing the present order and appointing out
right a small convention, and the coup
was regretfully abandoned. The post
ponement, they hope, will afford a chance
to do something to save the convention
from Rainey's grasp.
The ten extra delegates at large, whicn
were to be named by the whole campaign
committee of twenty members, presented
a problem in distribution which was
solved by a gamble. The names of the
twenty members of the committee were
put into a hat and M. C. Hassett drew
therefrom ten names, each of which is to
narue one of the extra delegates. Tne
lucky members were Chairman Sullivan,
Secretary McGovern, M. Xierney, Samuel
Braup.hart, R. L. Mann, James Butler, A.
A. Watkins, M. C. Hassett, J. N. Meuli,
Dr. J. W. Gavigan.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Two Decrees Granted — Other Cases on
Trial.
Divorces were granted yesterday morn
ing to Fanny Blondeau from her husband,
Frederick Blondeau, on tne grounds of
cruelty and failure to provide, and to Cath
erine Cavey from her husband, John T.
Cavey, on the grounds of desertion and
failure to provide. Both decrees were
granted in default of the appearance of the
defendant.
Lizzie S. Beals was granted a divorce
from Jtdward C. Beals. The plaintiff was
granted the custody of the children.
The Woodward divorce suit was reopened
before Judge Seawell yesterday. The case
was heard some time ago. but the court
deemed tbe evidence insufficient and the
relief asked for was denied for the time be
ing. Mrs. Woodward asked leave to offer
further evidence of her husband's cruelty
and she was permitted to do so.
Tne case of Lizzie Stirippel against
Carpey Sirippel, for divorce, was on trial
ail day before Judge Hunt. The com
plaint is for cruelty.
FRIENDS OF PROGRESS.
Western Addition Clubmen Want the
Streets and Square* Kept in Order.
At a regular meeting of the "Western
Addition Improvement Club," held at
Coakiey's Hall, Geary street, near Central
avenue, iast night, a communication was
ordered sent to the Grand Jury now in
session caliir-g their attention to the ob
struction at tbe corner of Sutter street and
Central avenue, caused by the cars of the
Sutro and Sutter-sireet Railway compa
nies. A communication was also ordered
to be forwarded to the Board of Park Com
missioners, asking them to plant trees on
the north and south side of Point Lobos
avenue, from Central avenue to'the ocean.
The club further indorsed the action of
the Board of Health in suppressing and
abating Chinatown plague spots, and ais
cussed at length a number of desired local
improvements in streets and squares.
SAFE-CRAUKSRS AT WORK.
An Un»ncce»sful Attempt In the Cali
fornia Electrical Worn*.
An attempt was made to blow open the
safe in the California Electrical Works,
409 Market street, betwoen Saturday night
and yesterday morning.
When the place was opened yesterday
morning the secretary was surprised to
see a laree iron weige on ton of t lie safe
in the ornce. An examination of the
showed that a small hole had been drilled
near the lock, bnt, as it was not cleai
through, it looked as if the burglar had
been scared away before completing the
The police were notified, and Captain
Lees detailed one of his staff on the case.
Chance in Through and Local Train*.
On the 20th irftt. a change will be made in
the time of arrival and departure of the
Southern Pacific Raurc.ad's through trains to
-New Orleans and in the locals to Los Angeles
No 17, the Los Angeles local, which now
leaves at 9 a. m., will leave here at 5 p m and
No. 19, the through train, which now leaves at
5 i>. ■ will leave at 9 a. m., tl.us reversing the
tISnV departure of lhe !o<;»1 »n(l through
No. IS, the L<w Angeles local, which now ar
rives at 4:45. P. m. will arrive at 10 137 V
and No. 20, t.ie through train, which arrives
at 10:15 a.m.. -.rill arfive at 4:45 P M * , hu"
also reversing tiic times of arrival ot these
. » ♦ «
Piles! Pile*! Mac's Infallible Pile Care.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, itching
and protruding piles. Price 50c. A. Mcßoyle
& Co., druggist*, 504 Washington street •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
PLAYS OF THE
PRESENT WEEK
Steve Brodie and "The
Bowery " at the
California.
HORSES AT THE GRAND.
"All the Comforts ot a Home"
by the Alcazar Stock
Company.
"MME. SANS GENE" CONTINUED.
The Frawley People Give "The Wife"
at the Columbia— At the
Orpheum.
This City has had several opportunities
of making observations of pugilists, so
ciety women and professional beauties
who have taken to the stage as stars en
the strength of their reputations. Last
night another freak actor, in the person of
Steve Brodie, the famous bridge-jumper,
made his San Francisco debut at the Cali
fornia Theater in a lurid melodrama writ
ten especially for him called "On the
Bowery."
Mr. Brodie did a good deal better than
most of his predecessors who have cone
on the stage to give an admiring public
the chance of beholding them. His act
ing was engagingly unaffected and
natural. Once or twice he seemed
to feel stage fright, and then he
laughed, which made tne audience laugh
back again and placed every hing on a
pleasant ana friendly footing, for Brodie
was always strictly "onto himself," as
they say in the Bowery, and the eallery
boys realized that his laugh was not a
laugh to be despised. Once, when a num
ber of floral tributes had been handed
over the footlights, Brodie burst into ex
temporaneous speech.
"I appreciate—" he began.
"Louder," cried the gallery.
"If yez don't hear me, all right," re
plied the king of the Bowery, with a
touch of hauteur in his voice. "1 appre
ciate this reception, because it's cost me
$5000 to open here. 1 didn't want to tell it
to tbe newspapers, but it's a fact that my
scenery was all destroyed by the Southern
Pacific. I would not disappoint you.
though, so I had new scenery painted. I
hope you'll like my company; they-' re
rough and tough, but they're the right
sort."
Brodie was right in characterizing his
actors as "rough and tough," but as the
scenes occurred in the classic precincts of
the Bowery, they were only acting up to
the requirements of their roles. The play
was evidently written with a view to let
ting Brodie evolve in the sphere in which
he was fitted to shine. The virtuous
hero, a newspaperman who had once given
Brodie a "write-up," is accused of "rob
bing" a safe, which, of coarse, was really
robbed by the villain. Brodie, mindful of the
write-up, harbors the virtuous hero in his
saloon on the Bowery, and stands off the
"cops" when they come to arrest him.
The only witness to the robbery is a young
woman, whom the villain has betrayed. He
causes her through his accomplices to be
thrown from Brooklyn bridge, but Brodie, who
has overheard the plot, dives in ana rescues
her. He also saves the same young woman
from a fire and finally succeeds in foiling the
villain and entirely clearing the character of
the newspaperman.
This plot is eked out with a number of
Bowery specialties. There is a "sidewalk"
merchant, Isidore Michelowsky, a gentleman
of Hebraic extraction, who gives some most
amusing monologues, though they are tinged
here and there with that disregard for con
ventionalities which is characteristic of the
Bowery.
Isidore was well played by Gns Yorke.
There was a trifle too much of Dismal
Delaney, the "bum" tough, William Mitchell
acted the role amusingly. Abner Higgins, a
countryman, was another ! feature of the
Bowery scenes, and a fierce fight, with gloves,
between a dude and a tough helped to keep
things going in :he saloon scene.
It was in the saloon scene that Steve Brodie
had his .happiest moments. He administered
I justice and beer with an autocratic hand. The
unruly and the "bums" were thrown out, the
bullies were snubbed and the dead broke were
reiused drinks, and Brodie kept on good terms
with them all in a way which proclaimed him
to be at once the king and the idol oi the
Bowery.
The staging of the play was good and the
acting, apart from the specialties, was of the
usual melodramatic school. The audience
was large, but it was only by the gallery that
"On the Bowery" was received with any mani
festations of delight.
The Baldwin.
Bardou's comedy, "Madame Sans Gene," dis
plays a fine drawing quality nt the Baldwin.
The second week was begun last evening aDd a
large and delighted audience attested appre
ciation of the excellent performance.
Kathryn Kidder as Madame Sans Gene, Au
gustus Cook as Napoleon and James Cooper as
De Neipperg were recalled several times at the
close of the act where the spirited scene occurs
in which the Austrian is seeking an interview
with the Empress.
The Na;ol-onic make-up of Augustus Cook
is remarkable. The actor's interpretation of
the impatience of the Emperor over the con
duct of his own family is true to history as
taught in the memoirs of Bourrienue and
Mine. Remusat. The comedy possesses action,
fiber and keen dramatic interest, and in the
Hands of the capable people at the Baldwin is
registering success of the first order.
At the Columbia.
The Frawley company played Belasco and
De Milte's well-known four-act drama, "The
Wife.' with Blanche Bates in the title role.
This strong emotional piece has been given
here a number of times, but not better than It
was rendered by the excellent company now
play ins at the Columbia. The Frawleys have
tried all the emotions and seem p ret tv much
at home in all of them. Miss Bates' work in
"The Wife" is a melody in a plaintive chord;
in fact, her natural appearance is suggestive
of a Puritan girl or a nun, as #adcess and
tears and sobs come readily to her. Wilton
Lackaye as John Rutherford filled that
noble role with quiet dignity. Hiss
Lansing Rowan as Lucille Terrant
and Daniel Frawley as Robert Gray were
fully up to the standard, while Tyrone" Power
as silas Truman of the Produce 'Change
and Harry Corson Clarke as Major Homer G.
Putnam, were two old gentlemen who were
faithful to each other, peppery and delightful.
"The Wife" will be given the rest of the week
to bo followed in the next by the comedy "A
Matrimonial Maze."
•—• — ♦ — -
At the Tivoli.
Last night began the ninth and last week of
the present grand opera season. "Lucia di
Lammermoor" was the opera. It will be
remembered that this was the lyric work with
which the season began.
Mme. Ida Valerga, in the title role was most
enthusiastically received. After the mad
scene she was called and recalled. Mme.
Valerga has become identified with this City
and her success here is always assured.
It is, not surprising that the others of the
cast showed to more advantage ihan on the
night when they were first seen here in
"Lucia." Most of them, particularly De Vrie.s
Mlchelena and Abramoff have become popular
favorites. De Vrles was particularly fine last
night in the role of Henry Ashton, and his solo
in the first act aroused a veritable enthusiasm.
Michelena as Edgar and Abramoff as Ray
mond were deserving of the highest prime.
All the others did well. To-night "Romeo and
Juliet" will be the opera.
The Alcatar.
That popular screaming farce, "All the Com
forts of Home," was presented at the Alcazar
last evening to a fairly good-sized audience.
It was offered with an innovation, and that
was the substitution of a female for a male
serrant at the Pettibones. The presentation !
of Katy, the maid, by Hattie Foley was fully as \
pleasing and laughable as when one of the '
sterner sex appeared as the good-natured but |
somewhat erratic servant, and her rendition i
of the part excited the risibilities of the audi- i
ence. The fun was fast and furious, and it '
served to keep all in good humor from begin- I
ning to end.
Those who went there to enjoy a lauzh had j
in the many comic situations plenty to laugh i
at. Violet Aubrey appeared for the first time !
with the Alcazar Company in the character of !
Emily Pettibone. filling the part in an accept
able manner. Harold Vizard as August Mc-
Snath and W. A. Belasco as the shoeuaker also
made their debut with this company. The
other members of this company did their part
to keep up the interest in the performance.
Tne tarce will be kept on the boards during
the week-
Grand Opera-Honae.
"The Great Brooklyn Handicap," a race
comedy-drama, was given at the Grand Opera
house last nignt with a number of striking
tableaux and some gooa realistic stage effects, i
The greatest scene was the one showing the
handicap race, in which there are a number of
real horses ridden by jockeys.
Another scene ihat won much applause was
the one in which the heavy villain drove on
the stage a pair of spirited horses and was in- |
terrupted in endeavoring to reach the ferry to j
make his escape. A fine effect in this scene ;
was produced by tne approach of two cable-cars,
actual size, with gripmea in regular •
uniform, at the moment of the arrest. This
M pleased the audience that the curtain had
to be raised three times. There is a good deal '
of action in the play and a good opportunity j
is given to Edwarl J. Herron, the comedian, I
and Lottie Williams, the soubrette, to display
their versatility and specialties. Julia Blanc i
assumed the character of Viola Hertz, the j
ward of Banker Ciews, one outside of her
usual line, and by her capital rendition of it
astonished those who have been in the habit
of seeing her in old woman's parts. Mortimer
Snow as a New York clubman was exceedingly
sad, wnile Fred J. Butler as a chevalier a'in
dustrie was up to his usual standard.
At the Orpheum.
The new features at the Orpheum this week
have come just in the nick of time, for the old
bill was beginning to grow monotonous.
Marguerite, the contortion dancer, is the
most remarkable of the new turns, though tne
Irish comedy of Fergnson and Mack won more
demonstrative signs of approval from the
audience. Marguerite is a chic, graceful young
person who twiiU her flexible little body into I
every imaginable and unimaginable shape and !
who dances prettily. Contortions ore gener- |
ally painful things to behold, but Marguerite I
ties herself into knots with the cheerful care- |
lessness of a chid at play, and-ao evidently
enjoys the performance that contortions are j
for once divested of their usual horrors.
Ferguson an<i Mack's performance would not !
commend itse'.f to the esthetic mind, but there ;
was plenty oi frolic in their knockabout j
comedy and some ot their jokes were new and ;
pointed. Bellman and Moore did an excellent ]
turn, which took the form of two sane people
meeting in a lunatic asylum, each believing j
the other to oe crazy. The comedy is not a
new one, but their embellishments in the
I shape of songs and fiances won them well
deserved applause. Miss Moore's good looks'
helped to make her clever dancing more effec
tive, and Beliman's fine voice obtained him
several encores.
The Vassar quartet grave a sort of drawing- |
room operetta, in which they showed that j
they could sing, as well as act. J: mes A. i
Sturges, the male member of the quartet, is ;
possessed of a particularly fine voice. Terry j
and Elmer did aii eccentric comedy and danc
ing turn, which had nothing particular to
commend it.
The hold-overs include Lvdia Yeamans-
Titus. in new songs ; R chard Pitrot. with im
personations, more or less true to life, of Mayor '
Sutro and other local celebrities; Filson and
Erroll, in their comedy, "Men vs. Women";
Miss Nellie Maguire and Albini, the card-trick
man.
At the Chutes.
The bill in the Casino at the Cbutes is filled J
with clever acts and specialties this week, and
among the most notable features are the funny j
little Japanese acrobats, who almost turn in- '
side out, the Masons, horizontal-bar per
formers, and Jules Korto, equilibrist.
The mile bicycle race on the stage between
two young ladies is very exciting, and last
evening resulted in a tie. Antonio Pirri I
dashes down tt.e chutes on a Dicycle and j
Isada in the lake uninjured at 10 o'clock !
every evening, and his performance is folly
equai to that of Conn Fredericks, the "Demon
Cvciist." There will be a special programme
to-morrow afternoon in honor of Admission
day, and at 4:30 Pirri will coast the chutes.
BICYCLISTS' FAVORITES.
Friction at Last Night's Meeting
of the Municipal
League.
The Report of the N minating Com
mitte? Is at LrDg.h Ordered
R j?cted.
The Wheelmen's Municipal League held
a special meetine at 441 Golden Gate ave
nue yesterday evening. Judge Kerrigan
explained that the calling of the meeting
was due to the fact that the regular meet
ing on the third Wednesday in the month
would be too late to do anything with the
different* municipal leaders. There was
considerable discussion over the manner
in which the work was to be carried on.
Some ol the wheelmen counseled delay,
while others insisted on pushing the mat
ter to an issue. Those who favored an ag
gressive campaign finally carried the day.
The executive committee made its re
port and in it asked that the matter o:
going into the next campaign be laid over
until the Supreme Court had decided
upon the tenure of office of the incum
bents of municipal offices. R. C. Lennie
was the first to object. "Now is the time
to act," said he. "It we keep on dilly
dallying Wi will be too late. We ought to
pledge ourselves at once."
C. JVlicbener pointed out that the com
mittee had not turned in a report, but the
minutes of its meeting would furnish all
information* The matter went over until
a report could be written. •'."•■
The following questions, to be asked
candidates for office, were unanimously
adopted:
1. Are you a wheelman ? ■ V ;
- 2. How long have you been a wheelman ?
3. To what, if any, organization do you be
long? " - , :i^
4. If elected to the Legislature will you vote
in favor of a bill declaring the bicycle bag
gage ?
5. If elected to the Legislature will you vote
in favor of the passage of a bill extending the
power, scope ami facilities of the Bureau of
Highways of this State?
6. If elected, will you vote in favor of the pas
sage of a bill amending the count}' govern
meut act in such a manner as to provide for
uniformity in bicycle ordinances passed by
county Boards of Supervisors?
7. li elected, ill >ou vote for a bill amend
ing the county government act in Mich a
manner as to provide for the passage by
Boards of Supervisors or. ordinances embody
ing provisions tot 'he erection of guide-boards
and mile-stones?
Charles A. Adams, on behalf of the law
and legislation committee, said it had
been decided to have a bill framed to be
known as "the wheelmen's bili." It would
cover the baggage question and others
equally interesting to wheelmen. He pro
posed that a committee of live from the
Municipal League be appointed to meet
with a siruiiar committee from the Lea-ue
of American Wheelmen to frame the bill.
Jud^e Kerrican thought tne committee
should b<» appointed at once, so that it
could go before the conventions and get a
plank favorable to wheelmen put in.
"Some decisive move should be made this
week," said lie. "Tnis is an immense un
dertaking, and we should get to work to
night."
The motion was carried and the follow
ing committees were appointed:
Municipal League — Charles A. Adams, A. G
Macfariand. T. B. McGinnis, J. W. Maeuire
and P. J. Hyde. 8
League of American Wheelmen— R. M
Weicn, G. W. Strong, C. Michener, F h'
Duuny, J. W. Cuffroth.
These gentlemen will act with the rights
and piivi'pges comiuittee of the League of
American Wheelm-n.
A resolution thanking the press and
offering its representatives every facility
to get the news was carried unanimously.
THE^EMPORTUM^ ! THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. > - '.. V
'•■■'■'-'■■■■■-■_ -■_• : ' '_"' • ' ~^ ! ! ~~~, ■-.; — ~~ .
This Store Closed All Day To-Morrow. No Concert in the Evening.
The Emporium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 8, 1896.
> -*~ . Men's 75c Wool Underwear 45c.
OUT PriCe Special prices on Men's Silk Neglige Shirts.
v/ui 1 1 iww J Three wonderful Glove offerings.
Mp>wc- Tn-HflV 1 B °y s ' ss Reefer Suits Fall style, $3.95.
lieWS I U=Uciy Preliminary Sale Women's Fall Garments.
V Ostrich Feather Boas 98c— Border Veils Be.
... -. ' ; ; ; ■ • • ■■ ■;
Fall Opening of $5 Reefer Suits $3.95. ! Rocker and We sold more chairs
Men's Furnishings. These are the £g. . ! Chair Sale. ? h n a d n VSLLf^
A grand stock of Men's Goods has Z Tt ™ e f K "fer £ £js> ! would sell in two months. The magni-
been accumulated for the Fall and i £j'Jf J° r nttle U / j tude of the CHAIR display astonished
Winter season. The preliminary | P oys mac we g& ,^vfc/V ! visitors as much as the low prices. Just
displays are made now. More styles " aye seen . tor Mj / Wx<^\ irna ine » or, better still, come and see a
of Men's Neckwear; more colorings; xh° y a a' &&\£^^\ room covering 16,500 square feet of space
more new patterns than were ever i n^ are 'V, , TV >- \ completely filled with CHAIRS and
shown at one time in any store in this A ||^ vy ,pi ue V ~^ o <^\ ! ROCKERS. When these lots are gone
" city; and so in all other lines Men's ,■; t^ne- - 1 J\ |no more at the prices: ".
Furnishings. On ly a store with an lot ltn !on S ] ° °dt • $4.00 Oak R0cker5.......... $2.50
immense outlet for goods could safely | rants and JO j $5.00 Leather-Seat Rockers 53.45
• handle stocks of such variety and !l q va '. c " c " t "^-v Kb $2.50 Cane-Seat Rockers $1.25
magnitude. Advantage to you, more i oacwi "} xv lde A $12.00 Polished Mahogany Rockers.sB.7s
assortments to choose from. Lower savor collar, (. I \ I#oo Wood-Seat Dining Chair 65
prices to pay. as shown -in I / -75 Child's Nursery Chair .45
picture. Collar / / I $1.00 Child's Baby Chair 75
Men's WOOI M^ Srta^WiS - / .50 Wood-Seat Kitchen Chair 25
Undprwpar 4^r of '^ ? Woo1 * wide and nar- /'I 10 hike elevator in rear to fifth
*A~Z~^™Sv t^wL^t ■ m floor to see the Chair displiy.
ll^i^^lflgnil t vaiu^-^u?^ regular A Remarkable Sale of
ished; peari buttons Regu- 4 r !^!^;~: Our prlce $3.95 Real Ostrich Feather Boas
lar retail price 75_c^Our price *3t ~ And Collarettes.
Silk Look comfortable, hand- Ladies' Fall Rich Mantels and ggk A manufacturer's en-
C « •.^ some. Especially desirable Garmpntc Capes, Elegant tire output— 135 dozen
shlrtS. for th trip to Stockton if """^.'"r' Dresses and im- JJBRsk. BOAS and COL-
you are going to the N. S. G. W. Ported . Cloaks and . Jack The M* 3^L LARFTTF«s hiah
celebration: preliminary showing. Look for an- g&mfi IRXk, LAKfc l l fcb ~ nl g n "
<-> -„ p nnMa CK;,fo «-> iu\ nouncements of the grandest opening is&jf grade selected feath-
££ Ponfee 15 s II 50 * V( * ™ d in I™ Francisco in a , feW WfiZ .« ers, bought by us at
Ss'm Jap S SUk Sort's 54.25 I da S^^ tlme when stocks are complete. «' " W such terms that we
55.00 jap. silKbturts a>*.za , Prices on the New Garments range dSggk •. ML can and will sell them
, _ „ „ from $5 to $125. gg|^ ' JSRk at less than manufac-
Men's Fall Brilliant colors, strik- As a Special Inducement for Early WfggfcKra H turer's cost. Feather
Nw>Lu/oar ingly contrasted, and ; Fall Trade we off : , .. W Trimmings and Neck
i^etKwetir. the boldest treatment I Fine Heavy Covert Cloth Jackets, V!M&Z%&& Dressings will be ex-
ot design make the new Fall Scarfs a j mixed tan or dark gray, cut in the ?%S?mW tremely fashionable
revelation and an artistic study. new style: big value for fcT /I m JfeWflP this Fall and Winter,
Many of our beautiful patterns are $ xo . Our price u>/.-4-C) ffjg yv'W which makes this
exclusive here. The line of Black Light Tan Kersey Jackets, all silk \SgW«SiK chance to buy very
Satin Neckwear is unsurpassed in lined and interlined, fancy scalloped Sftfflflßw opportune. :-.
c l u lt >'- _ . new wide collars ; new sleeve with JtVlflKTfi ■ - ■*
Our winning card this season. cuffs, etc.; real value £t"7 A m QmlBqBl&> '14 dozen Real Ostrich
The regular 75c grades for 45c $20. Our price. q)l / «t-O Collarettes, jet
D reck Four-in-Hands, Imperials, Fine Black Cloth Capes, handsomely black, rich luster . sl.7s value. g\Q
Bows, Club Ties. braided in the new style 1 which Our price .........?. ..,9oC
will prevail for Fall and Winter ; 11 dozen Real Ostrich Collarettes, super
Three OUR PRICES crowd the proper length and sweep; grade, made to sell for $2. qq
rt . our Glove Department, value at $16.50. Our £«'} jo Our price CDI.JO
UlOVe but no matter how low j P nce • vpi^.f-O 16 dozen Real Ostrich Collarettes, very
SoecialS the prices are if the fit I Handsome Tailor-Made Dresses, . durable, the $2.75 grade. Our &t oft
v and wearing qualities of ! heavy dependable goods, tight fit- price- g>l.3fO
the Gloves were not as near perfec- j tin S> military braid effect waist, 9 dozen Ostrich Collarettes, the best $5
tion as possible, our Glove trade colors brown or black, with; article in the market, for c^% cc
would not have grown with such j checked skirt ; value <D|Q 7c this sale only Our price M>J«O3
amazing rapidity. Here are three i for $25. Our price-... •^■^•/ OSTRICH FEA fITE R BOAS .„„_
offers that you cannot match else- W sl - 5 , Satin < Brocade M Dress U ri Ona iK large, A fuU and B curly S ' Entire
where: Waists for $10.05. $7 Chameleon lot during this sale as follows •
A splendid quality of Kid Gloves, j Taffeta Silk Shirt Waist for $5.85. « 6>oo Feather Boas for.. $4.25 Each
made with four large pearl buttons | Cloak and Suit Department second $7.50 Feather Boas for $4.9S Each
and three rows of heavy black em- \ floor, {Market- street front. $10.00 Feather Boas for.. $7.48 Each
broidery— Black, Brown, Tans, Reds, I — . $12.00 Feather Boas for $9.75 Each
Modes, Navy and White. Good value x.»,« C««^:^l«- n . .; — r*• ..
at $1.25 a pair, our New TE - Iwo specials Big Advance Sale of Novelties
EM A P C™oJ V^a f ii?v EL o/ N WaiTng ln Musical Instruments. in Veilings, Selected From
Gloves, Pique finish, two patent r- —^ <T^\ Our New Fall Stock.
Clasps and heavy black embroidered fr-CC/ ftCL^ft v\\ A ■ ' ,i
backs-Black, Browns, Tans, Ox ffl#tf*"- r V\\\ " s*^ h
Bloods, English Reds, Butter, Pearl iiTAn^VW f*is£)\ -"^/S^cv
and White— made to retail at \Wfij\J\ lAX c^\ ■ Sfi,^atbxv^^
<i.2sapair. OUR New EM- O q _ F1 «T*n a*^l Vi^Slo '>>« lfe,\
PORIUMWav of SELLING yoC : I ATS2 >-s^%S
Fine French Kid Gloves, perfection m ~ '~2 m /^V *fflM*Ax^s«G-
of fit, extra fine quality, made with '—, 417^0 R \\Wjf~*£^*§if&&
our large pearl buttons to match colors 3 &l.^ 'ha . ; W=^=^ :;3^^Y^^^Jh
of Gloves. The shadings are beauti- IJ WfllinAl 111 M 4^JM^~^^^^SUm^^P
fully contrasted with two-tone em- 1-, , MAM 11) I IS J^ —^s^^^^&'il'-r* '
broidery, which is the very latest em- I'■'l! ; " U L yE %A */^^T3BLife V
broidery for fine Kid Gloves for dress PI AT V) 7 C W^\sM£-i ' —^^ )!) ''*X
wear. We imported this Glove to sell x ?^sl *L./ A VI §\ ' *Qs»v\*a"iBl "*& W- <S$
for $1.75. Offer them this 4; 1a m /□ \\ '#// B\ v'4^^ V* ' "7 ' /
week at the special sale price 5)1.45 f I }) //I ffil\ . » f@j
Try one pair of these and you \s^kj I /// I /r$A
mill wear no other make. i^EJ'C ( (UK I \11)\ yt^^^T
Muslin Underwear for / 111 \\ X^O 3 000 Border Vel Silk, ready for
lYlUblin tinoerwear TOr U_M \\ X W/L7 3000 Border Veils, pure Silk, ready for
Ltilldren. I ' * BJ . use— choice colors — Grays, Tans,
Children's Tucked Muslin Drawers, V JJ n° Wn?> Nayy ~ a regular 25C VeiL . fir \
with deep hem: Xb^ c X rpI ,V cUT"*""^ucMVn*c"^V
v ■ , -«=»— 87 New Fall Styles in CHENILLE DOT
A i - 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 Balance of an importation of Fine TUXEDO VEILINGS— BIack, Navy,
Our Pnces... 9 c tie i 4a 7 c 20c 22c 24c GUITARS that have never been Brown, Tans, the wide, 18-inch kind.
Children's Tucked Muslin Drawers, i retailed here for less than $6.50. You pay from 35c to 50c for these <^a '_/
with ruffle of fine embroidery : On Special Sale now to introduce Veils. Our price..— *tC
Ages 246 8 10 ',2 ,4 ! °" r Music Department QA A Ribbo^ Sale.
Our Prtces.., 5 c ?8c 21c 24c 27c ;oc *L ! c . at " Vr\<'™YZ* A K!DOOn ale *
Children's~Gowns of Good Muslin . Fin .c American MANDOLINS, seven Latest Fall Novelty In Taffeta Silk Rib-
<tvSh iSS r collars edid wth l ribs ' walnut finger board ' P° sition bons-all the new colorings-*' O^
hriHer?. dots, sold in exclusive music-stores inches wide. Our price.....:...... 22C
emoroiuery. everywhere at $7.50: On sale in 365 pieces Ombre Brocades— choicest
Ages- 4 6 8 to 12 \ EMPORIUM Music De- <^^ -7— colorings— actual value 50c the <* A
Our Prices....... 36c 41c 4QC 55c 60c \ partment at &*•* 3 yard. Our price X^rC
Lennie started another discussion by
asking who had the power to form a
municipal .-'late. He moved that a com
mittee of three be appointed to name ■
ticket.
Motuig thoucht that when a slate was
named it should only contain the names
of a I'<>nnocratic Supervisor, a Republican
Supervisor and the Superintendent of
Streets.
Adams threw cold water on the scene
and saul it they ask d for one office tbe
wheelmen might as well ask for all. He
pointed out that the office of Superin
tendent >f Streets was the most important
one In municipal government and they
could not expect to get it. He counseled
deiay ami said the bagnage bill and the
repaVinu of Market street were enough for
one year.
The report of the executive committee
on ;he matter was called for. It recom
mended that power be conferred on it to
make nominations and confer with the
leaders o; sne different parties. This was
finally agreed to and a rec ss was taken to
allow' toe committee a chance to name
it- men.
After considerable deliberation the com
mittee reported that it was in favor of J.
S. Con well and R. M. Welch for Super
visors and ueo:ge W. Eider for Superin
tendent oi Streets.
Maeuire made a minority report in
which ne said the action was ill-timed and
would do harm. He thought the men
sought to be indorsed should first be con
sulted. Tne action taken was not in good
taste, and was more the action of school
boys than oi men.
Adams said he thought Maguire had
changed his mind on tne subject and the
latter indignantly denied tbe charge. He
thought the matter should not be rushed,
and whiie he favored the indorsing of a
Superintendent of Streets and two Super
visors still h- objected to the men being
named ai tbat time.
Adams moved that tbe report be laid on
the table, and Micbener moved that tne
report be recommitted. The matter was
disease I pro and con., and finally Adams
dropped his moron and made another re
jecting .:ie report altogether. This was
carried by a vote of 16 to 8, and tbe meet
ing adjourned.
OLYMPIC ELECTION.
Members Who Will Role the Club
I urinjj the Next Twelve
Months.
The annual election of officers of the
Olympic Club took place last evening and
w\s a very quiet affair.
There being no opposition to the regu
lar ticket, the members paid little atten
tion to the election, and a3 a result only
17<i votes were cast.
F. W. Eaton, the retiring president, re
ceived twelve votes, which were cast by
members who supported Eaton because of
hi> valuable services to t c club and the
frenerotu manner in which he treated the
wheelmen of the club who happened to
visit his place of residence in San Mateo
when on road runs and pleasure trips.
The following is a result of the election:
President, George A. N'ewhall, 164 votes;
vice-president, Henry J. Crocker, 176; sec
retary, Milton S. L:i"tharn, 174; treasurer,
Henry B. Russ, 176; leader. Howard P.
Taylor Jr., 175; Captain, C. Percy Morse,
174; diroctors— Frank P. McLennan, 175;
J. 08. Gunn. 175; Joseph P. Kelly, 170;
Alex. C. Forsyth, 168; Frank A. Vail, 172.
Tue judges of the (-lection were: W. P.
Humphrey*, F. V. Kineton F. W. Gra
ham, Steve Casady and Leo Pockwitz.
The installation of the newly elected
officers will take place on Monday evening
next.
The newly elected leader, Howard P.
Taylor, states that the club will have the
greatest football team this year that has
ever organized this side o"f the Rocky
Mountains, a:.d that football will be the
feature of outdoor sports.
ONCE M ORRIS BENEDICT.
Senator Biggy Again Takes Unto Him-
■ elf ■ Wife.
Senator William J. Biggy entered the
matrimonial estate very quietly yesterday
morning for the second irre. the bride of
his choice being Miss Lucy McDonough,
the bosom friend and confidant of bis de
ceased wile. The ceremony, by specia
dispensation, took place at 10 o'clock, m
Holy Cross Church, to which the groom's
family is attached by tbe tenderest ties.
It was solemnized by Rev. Father Mc-
Ginty, their ii:e-long pastor, assisted by
the Rev. Father McQuade. The groom
was supported by Mr. Arthur McGinty,
brother of the officiating priest, as best
man, and the bride was attended by her
cousin, Miss Maria McDonough, as brides
maid. Only a few immediate relatives
were in the bridal train.
At the close of tbe religious rites the
little party was driven to the residence of
Thomas McDonough, the bride's father,
where the wedding breakfast was served.
The happy couple left on the afternoon
train for Monterey.
A CELESTIAL ORATOR.
Mrs. De Silva Astonishes the Woman's
Occidental Board.
A clever address on the women of Asia
was given yesterday at the Chinese Mis
sion Home, 920 Sacramento street, by Mrs.
de Silva, a Chinese lady who has passed
all her examinations as a physician in
New York. Mrs. de Siiva, who wears
American dress, speaks fluently in ele
gant English. She was accompanied by
her husband, a tall, handsome Spaniard,
who seemed very proud of his accom
plished wife.
Mrs. de Silva began her address by de
scribing what famous women had accom
plished in the past in Chinese and Japan
ese history. She also described the intel
ligence of the dowager Empress of China
aud alluded to what she has done for the
Flowery Kingdom. Speaking oi Asiatic
women in general Mrs. de Silva said that
they are beginning to have many educa
tional advantages, in fact as many as they
are equal to in their present state of de
velopment.
The ladies of the Occidental Board were
so pleased with the Chinese lady's address
that they at once secured her services for
tLeir synodical meeting, which will occur
on the 17th of next month.
At the death of Queen Elizabeth 3004
dresses were in her wardrobe, of which
two only were of silk.
56
TUESDAY........ SEPTKMBER 8. 1898
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Oally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.1 .
Dally and Sunday Call, one .year, by ma 11 ..... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall - 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. . .06
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
re you going to the country on a vacation T If
§m, It is no trouble (or us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention,
HO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone i Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS: -
. • 617 Clay Street.
Telephone .' Maln-187*
BRANCH OFFICES t 7^
050 Montgomery street, corner Clay* open natn
8:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street : open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 Larkta street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
entil 9 o'clock.
3618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
US Math street; open until 9 O'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE x
108 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
rooms 51 and 88, M rark Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
IHC CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERTrY.
TOR PRKSIDENT-
WILLIAH McKINLEY, of Obio
FOR VICF-VRB*! DENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
rrKCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
All aboard for Stockton.- ' i
-. • I
.Don't fail to celebrate Admission day. .
California patriotism can never be de
veloped too much. %
Bryan is a free-trader, and though he
dodges his record he cannot hide it from
a reading people.
The Populist who says he is satisfied
with the kind of fusion he is getting would
say most anything.
The visit of the Native Sons will not
surprise Stockton, but it is 16 •to 1 that
Stockton will surprise them.
Day by day the demand for protection
increases and by election day it will be the
universal voice of the people.
It is a courteous thing to speak of it as a
I'onocrat fusion, though as a matter of
fact it is more like a fizzle than a pop. I
It is clearly the aim of Democratic fn
siouists to put up Populists to lead forlorn
hopes, while the Democrats gather in the
spoils.
The, Native Sons will lay aside party |
politics for a time and unite on the broad
platform of love for California and pride
in its greatness.
.
Straight Democrats and middle-of-the- !
road Populists can sympathize with one
another, for both have been betrayed by
the fusion gang.
The disclosure of the whisky scandal in
South Carolina affords Tillman an oppor
tunity to co home and show that his pitch
fork is of some use in a muck pile.
Eastern people will continue to wrangle
and quarrel over politics this week, but
the Californians will get together, Hold a
love feast and give the Democrats a pass- i
ing chance to enjoy themselves a little.
Until you have seen the home industries
exhibited at the Mechanics' Fair you do
not know what possibilities of develop
ment there are in California if we only
promote them by a proper system of pro
tection.
What will it profit a Populist to vote for |
a Democrat who, as soon as he gets into
office, will vote against protection to the
industry of Populists and denounce the
Populists themselves as cranks and so
cialists?
The protest against an increased assess
ment of San Francisco should not be left
to newspapers altogether. Every asso
ciation .of citizens should speak and the
proposed wrong should be condemned and
denounced by the voice of all.
To obtain protection for the industries
of California we must concede protection
for the industries of other States, we must
support the party that advocates National
protection and will establish it for the wel
fare of all sections of the Union.
The contemplation of what would in
evitably result from free coinage and free
trade has caused Democratic enthusiasm
to be sicklied o'er with a pale cast of
thought, and as a consequence the . boys
are not shouting as much as they did.
Two street Arabs, a Democrat and a
Populist, found a cigar. i: Let us form a
fusion," said the Democrat. "I'll smoke
the cigar and you do the spitting." "I'll
do it," said the Populist, and straightway
he spat upon the cigar. Then there was a
ruction.
From all parts of the State we learn that
[Republicans who thought of voting the
free silver ticket are coming back to the
ranks and will vote with the party of in
ternational bimetallism. They cannot
take free silver when joined with free trade
and Bryan ism.
From the results obtained it seems the
Southern Pacific Company has had more
to do with fixing up fusion on Congress*
men than either the Democrats or the
Populists, and of course the people under
stand the big corporation is not fusing
things for nothing.
»
Almost any kind of a much advertised
stump orator can draw an idle crowd as
Bryan does, but when people go hundreds
of miles to hear an orator, as they are now
doing to bear McKinley, we may be sure
the speaker is one whom the people trust,
and whom they will be plad to follow.
Every one of McKinley's speeches is ap
propriate to the occasion and to the audi
ence, and thus no two are alike, while
Bryan goes around repeating the same
thoughts in almost the same words from
place to place, and thus it comes about
that people continue to fihd McKinley's
speeches fresh and interesting, while those
of Bryan bare become stale, fiat and
wearisome. ....
TWO MONETARY SYSTEMS.
We are "unalterably otposed lo every
measure calculated to debate our currency or
impair the credit of our country. We are,
j therefore, ojjposrd to tlie free coinage of silver,
except by international agreement uith the
hading commercial nations of the world,
which we pledge ourselves to proviote, and,
until such agreement can be obtained the ex
isting gold standard must be preserved. All
our silver ayd paper currency must be main
tained at a parity with gold, and we favor
■ all measures designed to maintain inviolably
the obligations of the United States and all
our vioney, whether in coin or paper, at the
urescnt standard, the standard of the most
enlightened nations oftfie earth.— Republican
j National Platform.
The declaration of the Republican party
| on the money question means that all
forms of our money, paper and metallic,
must be maintained at par— that no dol
lar shall be at a discount. The Republi
can party is composed of wage-earners
and business men, and the party's stand
upon the money question is in accordance
with their experience in practical busi
ness life. It is not reasonable to suppose
that they would declare for a monetary
i system that was likely to injure values of
existing property accumulations, nor is it
to be supposed that they would undertake
j to retard prospective trade expansion by
j adopting forms of money of different
j standards of purchasing power. Kow
, ever partisan a man may be he draws the
' line at self-interest, and any sensible man
; would abandon his party if it undertook
j to disturb his business operations.
The position of the Republican party
1 may be considered, therefore, as the out
come of the experience of labor and capi
tal. After working together for years to
their mutual advantage they ure satisfied
that the basis of their successful and har
monious co-operation has been dollars
that were without variableness in their
i relation to one another as measures of
I values. If thea the declarations of the
| party on the question of money are the
! result of wide and varied experience in the
activities of sctual trade, industry and
commerce, it stands to reason that they
should be trusted before the declarations
of theorists and experimentalists, espe
cially when it is known that the theories
of these theorists are diametrically op
posed to what practical experience has
demonstrated to be true.
To show the difference between the posi
i tion of the Republican party and the
Bryanites upon the money question we
quote the money plank of that party. It
is as follows:
"We.demand the free and unlimited coinage
of both gold and silver at the present legal
ratio of 16 to 1 without waiting for the aid or
consent of any other natron. We demand
that Mm standard silver dollar shall be full
legal tender, equally with gold, for all debts,
public and private, and ice favor such legis
lation as will prevent for the future the de
monetization of any kind of legal-lender
vioney by private contract."
It will be observed that the purpose of
the Bryanites is to ignore our commercial j
relations with all foreign customers of
American farm and other products and
| make the continuance of such relations
contingent upon their accepting without
question a monetary system they do not I
think is a safe one. This brings up the
question, would foreign buyers conform to
a system they believe to be ruinous to
them? The presumption is they would
rattier sever all business relations with us
than do business upon a system of forms
of money of different purchasing power.
If we elected to continue to do business
with thftm the consequence would be that
we should have gold monometallism for
i our foreign trade and silver monometallism
I tor our domestic trade. Moreover, our
! silver dollars would stand in the same re
lation to outside trade and commerce that
Mexican silver dollars now stand in trade
| operations with us, which is on the basis
of about 50 cents of our money for a Mex
ican silver coin of the denomination of $1.
The experience of commerce in all na
tions and in all ages is that tbe declara
tion of the Republican party on the money
question is in harmony with the unwrit
ten laws of trade interchange, and it is
also the experience of commerce that the j
theories of the Bryanites have always
worked ruin to trade and traffic when put i
in practical operation. The money ques
tion is not, therefore, a political but a '■
commercial question, and if the testimony
which the experience of commerce gives
it be taken the Bryan monetary system
should be rejected without argument.
EvUt exist; poverty exists: wool men, mul
titudes of them between the Atlantic and
the Pacific, are heart-broken over the loss of
their flocks; farmers have debts and cannot
get their products to market; many good men
are out of employment, and holders of cupi
tal, ahrays cautious, do not use it; manufac
tories are empty and silent. Yes, this it all
true. But, citizens, let us reverse the wheels.
Give our best men the reins of Government
and you will soon see a change in the. tid*.
Good tariff, generous reciprocity, lionest
money in able and unselfish hands will make
a marvelous change.— General 0. 0. Howard.
BUSINESS AND POLITICS.
Clubs and delegations from all parts of
the country are journeying to Canton to
pay their respects to Major McKinley. It
is noticeable, too, that for the most part
they are composed of workingmen and
farmers, which shows very clearly that
the "common people," as Bryan calls
them, know which side of their bread is
buttered, ?o to «peak. It is the common
people, if farmers and wage-earners are
"common people," who are sorely in need
of better times, and they know that pros
perity will not come to them unless they
stand by the man who is pledged to a
policy that guarantees better times. Poli
ticians are not "running" McKiniey's
campaign. It is in the hands of tbe great
army of men who are in enforced idleness
and who want work, and they are man
aging it to win. They are terribly in
earnest, because they know that there will
be no prosperous days for them unless
they defeat and rout the free- trade enemy
of American industry.
But one of the most striking demonstra
tions for McKinley and prosperity is fur
nished Dy Chicago. It is an organization
calling itself tbe "Commercial Men's Dem
ocratic McKinley Club." One thousand
of the club's members have arranged to
call upon Major McKinley at his home
next Saturday to assure him of their sup
port and influence. There never was just
such another political organization. No
member of it has ever voted a ticket other
than the Democratic. They are still Dem
ocrats, they claim, but they believe that
not only their own but all the business
interests of the country are being threat
ened, and that so far as they are concerned
it is their duty to rally to the aupport of
the only candidate who stands for souna
business principles, even though they do
not like certain of his declarations con
cerning the tariff. What they want is
security to their business enterprises and
encouragement to expand their volume of
trade, and they know they will set neither
if Bryan is elected.
It is not surprising, however, that
thoughtful Democratic business men and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
workingmen should not hesitate to sever
the ties which bind them to their old
party and declare for McKinley. In the
first place their own party's machinery
has been captured and turned against
every tradition and principle of the party,
and in the second place they are driven to
choose between a'government policy that
will give the country a season of peace
and prosperity or a season of business agi
tation and uncertainty. Naturally, a man
who has money invested in a business en
terprise would not want his investment
forced to sustain a loss, nor would the
workingman who wants opportunity to
earn wages like to be obliged to remain in
idleness, hence it is quite natural that
business men and wage men should be
found working for the election of the one
who can be trusted to protect their inter
ests. It is not politics that is leading so
many Democrats to the support of Mc-
Kinley. It is to their own business inter
ests to do bo.
My views are substantially that there is but
one issue to be presented to the people of the
United States. The Democratic Convention
at Chicago made a distinct declaration of war
upon the constitution of the United States.
The issue, therefwe, is not financial nor
economic, but tt concerns tlie perpetuity of
republican institutions. In the presence of
this issue all otlicr questions sink into insig
nificance, just as they did when civil war
threatened the existence of the Government. —
Hon. Ahram S. Hewitt.
FUSION AND FIZZLE.
It is the unexpected that happens.
When a few oflice-seeking Democrats and
Populists undertook through their inter
ested friends to arr ange for a fusion of the
voting strength of both parties in order
that these office-seekers might attain the
desired spoils, it was everywhere pre
dicted that the result would be confusion.
The prediction has not been fulfilled.
Fusion has not brought forth confusion as
yet, nor is it likeiy to do so. It has been
simply a fizzle.
The difficulties inherent in the fusion
plan have been found to be inseparable.
Each party has candidates for office, and
the candidates of neither party who think
they have any chance of success have
cured to surrender that chance to the
candidate of the other party. The Dem
ocratic managers endeavored to avoid this
difficulty by getting the Populists to yield
the nominations in districts where there
is & prospect of success, and accepting
nominations where there is little better
than a forlorn hope. Thus Maguire, a
rank free-trade Democrat, was to have the
Fourth District, where he may possibly
win, while to a Populist would be given
the nomination in the Fifth, where there
is no more chance of his election than
there is of Bryan carrying the United
States.
The scheme of the Democrats, how
ever, has not worked. It has not even
done enough to produce confusion. The
Democratic candidates for office have re
fnsed to come down even in districts where
they have no chance of election. Some of
them intend to stay in the field for vindi
cation, some for the free advertising there
is in the race, and some for the principle
of the thing. Several Populists show an
equal fondness for principle, free adver
tising and vindication. Thus the clever
scheme goes awry and instead cf confusion
we have only the fizzle.
If there were no more in the campaign
than the election of Congressmen and
Presidential electors the failure cf the
fusion scheme would be complete. It hap
pens, however, that legislative and county
tickets are to be elected, and in all the
counties and legislative districts the cun
ning Democratic; managers are trying to
arrange for fusion that will give them the
spoils of office and leave to the Populists
only the Darren nominations in hopeless
districts. The exposure of the scheme of
central fusion has been complete enough
to open the eyes of many Populists to the
trick that is to be played on them if they
don't looK out, and most of them will cer
tainly refuse to be fooled in that way. It
remains to be seen how many the Demo
crats can fool. These are not likely to be
many. The watchful middle-of-the-road
Populists understand the situation about
as well as anybody, and they can bo relied
on to save their political friends from the
folly of fusion which means turkey for
Democrats but always crow for Populists.
In ISC*?, when free trade was the battle-cry
of our opponents, it was said that the farmers
v iinid follow this hentfi but it was not so. Jt
iias the cities which followed the free trade
heresy in the country. The country voted for
protection. So this year the fanners will vote
against free trade and free silver. They will
vote for a home market and for a dollar as
good as gold in every market in the world. —
McKinley.
THE SITUATION IN CALIFORNIA.
The political situation in California is
this: The Democrat* and Populists in
every county are fighting each other for
supremacy, ana the Republicans are
united and present a solid front. Rather
than be absorbed by the Populists very
many Democrats would rather see both
parties defeated. Not a few Populists
would rather see the Republican candidate
win than see a Democrat elected at the
expense of the Populist party. The fact
remains, however, that thus far the Popu
lists have been made tails to Democratic
dogs. That is to say, the Democrats have
generated the Populists out of what
was their due if fusion was intended. It
may be said, in fact, that thus far the
Democrats have exercised a kind of an
ownership over the Populists, giving them
justenougn crumbs to keep life in their
body. Against that sort of thing the self
respecting leaders of the Populist party
are rebelling most vieorously, and unless
they are unworthy of leadership they will
make the Democracy very sorry in Novem
ber that it tried to be wholly and entirely
a hoe.
The Republican party is, as we have
said, thoroughly united and of one ac
cord in every county. Unless every
sign is at fault McKinley and the
State tickets will be elected by splen
did majorities. The lenders of the
Democracy know that the majority of
the voters of California are against them,
but they hope to manage to have enough
Republicans stay at home to defeat their
ticket. For this reason it is all the more
important that there should be a club or
other organization wherever there are a
dozen Republicans. It will not do to
trust to luck when dealing with the Demo
cratic party. Besides, the Republican
ticket should have such a majority as will
make Democrats feel hereafter that it
would not be worth their while to try to
win.
The fight between the Democrats and
Populists ought to stimulate Republicans
all over the State to work all the harder.
They never had a better opportunity to
administer a crushing defeat to the
Democracy, and that is the kind of a de
feat every Republican should take a per
sonal interest in having administered.
To-day the Republican party presents a
soiid front, but there is room here and
there for more perfect organization, and
there are Republicans here and there who
are not yet members of working clubs.
Now, it never was more the duty of Re
publicans to do battle than now. Califor
nia needs*as a business proposition, the
application of the economic principles ot
the Republican party. She needs a pro
tective tariff, a merchant marine and true
bimetallism, but none of them will be se
cured unless the Republican ticket is
elected. Think on these things, and work
accordingly for Republican success, which
means California's best good.
There is only one rule by which we can live
usefully at a Nation or peacefully as citizens.
It is the rule of the laws constitutionally en
acted and finally interpreted by the judicial
tribunal appointed by the constitution. When
it becomes the rule that violence carries its
end we have anarchy — a condition as destruc
tive to honest labor and its rewards as death
it to the tissues of the human body.— Ex-
President Harrison.
WAGES AND FREE TRADE,
A brief study of industrial conditions,
presented in the local columns of The
Call to-day, shows that wages have been
I lowered and that business has been greatly
depressed under tbe Wilson bill. An
extract irom a recent article in the New
York Sun shows that wages abroad are
only a fraction of what they are in
America, and that England is in a better
condition than most European countries.
A glance at the wage table of England,
however, is discouraging to the American
artisan.
As workingmen look more closely into
the question they begin to see that the
conditions pictured by the great John
Bright threaten to come upon them here
under free trade. They see also that the
Democrats are dodging the real issue by
making so much noise about silver. Men
of all shades of political belief now under
stand that much of the lowering of wages
has been due to the Wilson bill, and that
a great part of the general business de
pression is due to the same slight experi
ence with Democratic ideas.
The lesson to bo learned from all this is
that the policy of William Jennings Bryan,
which is one of rank free trade, would
plunge the country into general ruin. A
man who predicted that free trade would
make good times is not the man to guide
the destinies of this country. Bryan is a
free trader.
PERSONAL.
L. J. Mitchell of London is at the Palece.
T. Woster of Lisburn arrived here yesterday.
H. T. Brand of London is at the Occidental.
Senator J. M. Gleaves of Redding is in town.
Dr. J. W. MacLachlanof Chicago has arrived
here.
Attorney \V. H. Hatton of Modesto is in
town.
Senator D. A. Ostrom of Yuba is at the
Grand.
J. A. Ames of Bakersfield is at the Cosmo
politan.
C. J. Tebo of Butte, Mont., arrived here
yesterday.
Arthur Billings of Big Timber arrived here
j yesterday.
Thomas J. Sturgeon of New York is at the
New Western.
11. Stephens, of the Guatemala Central mine,
is at the Russ.
The Rev. Dr. D. O. Wakefield of San Joso is
at the Occidental.
W. Chester, of the United States ship
Alert, is in the City.
W. J. Bransteller, a storekeeper of Duns
niuir, is in the City.
B. S. Thompson, a business man of Stockton,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
M. Delaney, a mining man of Australia, is a
recent arrival at the Russ.
Clark MrKercher of Washington, D. C, was
j among yesterday's arrivals.
Nicholas M. Bell of St. Louis is at the Lick,
accompanied by his family.
F. F. Field and wife, prominent residents of
Salinas, are at the Cosmopolitan.
O. J. Smith, an attorney of Reno, is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife.
W. H. Young and J. D. Wadsworth, business
men of Santa Rosa, are at the Buss.
J. Scully, a resident and large real estate
I owner of Napa, is at the Cosmopolitan.
Park Davis of Sioux Falls, South Dakota, is
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
J. Hurley, a wealthy merchant of Virginia
City, is at the Cosmopolitan with his wife.
Frank L. Coombs, ex-United States Minister
j to Japan, is on a visit here from his home in
Napa.
H. L. Tibbals of Port Townsend, agent of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, is at the
Commercial.
George H. Strowbridge, a wealthy resident
of Portland, owner of the Strowbrldge block
there, is at the Lick.
S. B. Patrice, Register of the United States
Land Office at Visaliu, is at the Licjt, accom
panied by his family.
Colonel H. Trevelyan, the wealthy vinyard
ist of Fresno, is at the Palace. He has recently
been visiting his old home in England.
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs and Miss Virginia Fair
have arrived here, and are occupying the Fair
mansion on Pine and Jones streets. They
have come, it is said, because they are to be
witnesses in the Fair will case.
A. A. Grant, the railroad contractor, of Albu
querque, N. M., Is at the Palace. Mr. Grant is
the owner of the water works in Albuquerque,
the Daily Democrat of the same city, and is
said to be a millionaire several times over. He
comes to San Francisco quite often.
John Van Vleck, representing the Edison
Company of New York, arrived from the East
yesterday and is stopping at the Palace. He is
accompanied by his brother Frank of Los An
geles. Both are electrical engineers of promi
nence. They are brothers of Miss Van Vleck,
teacher ot art methods at the Polytechnic High
School.
A. R. Whitney, who is at the head of the
towns ite company of Everett, Wash., and of
the nail manufacturing works and many other
enterprises there, in nearly all of which the
Rockefellers are heavily interested, is at the
Palace. Everett is where the whaleback barges
j are being built. It is the terminal town ot the
j Great Northern Transcontinental Railroad on
Puget Sound, thirty-five miles north of Seattle.
It has about 6000 people.
I.iord Bndeley of England, who has been on a
visit here for about two weeks past in com
pany with Arthur Pearce of London, left for
London last night. He has been examining
different mining properties while here, but
was reticent as to what he had done. Prior to
coming here he and Mr. Pearce, who is a min
ing expert, had been examining properties in
Britisa Columbia, where Lord Sudeley is con
siderably interested. Lord Sudeley, whose full
name is Charles George Hanbury-Tracy of
Toddington, County Gloucester, lieutenant oi
Montgomeryshire, late captain in the Grena
dier Guards, was born April 9, 1837, succeeded
his father as third baron in 1863. The family
is an ancient one, dating back to before 1140,
at which date John de Sudeley, Lord of Sudeley
and Toddington, married Grace, daughter and
heir of Henry de Trad, feudal lord of Barn
j staple.
A WORD FOR BRYAN.
New York Weekly Witness.
Those who depreciate Mr. Bryan's ability
because of the inherent, weakness of his argu
ments do not make proper allowance for the
difficulties of his position. Let any of these
smart critics set out to prove to the world that
the moon is made of green cheese, or that the
law of gravitation is a myth, and he will learn
to look upon Mr. Bryan's arguments with
more respect.
Newton F. Hurt, 24 years old, is a grocer's
clerk in Buffalo and gets $5 a week wages.
Borne time ago he invented a car-coupler and
last week he received a letter from a manufac
turing firm offering him $30,000 in cash and a
royalty on all couplers sold for his invention.
He hasn't decided to accept the offer ret and
in the meanwhile holds on to his $5 a week.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
G. P. Althenour, a gold miner, at the Inter
national Hotel, who has been seeing the dif
ferent mining camps of Alaska since March,
says that he Is entirely satisfied to remain in
this part of the United States instead of cast
ing his lot with the distant north.
He says it is simply a case of the far-away
bird having fine feathers. When a man gets
to Alaska, and not till then, does the full force
of the Alaska situation break in upon him. No
single adjunct of instigation is at hand. The
traveler might, for most practical purposes, as
well be in the heart of Central Africa, with the
disadvantage of the intense cold and snow for
most of the year, against which he must de
fend himself as best he can.
Only ground which will turn out $15 a day
G. P. ALTHENOUR, Who Has Made a Tour of the Yukon
Mining Camps by Boat.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artislA
will pay, for labor costs $10 a day. The miner
must eat what be can get and be gratefuL If
he be stocked with bacon, beans and flour he
may call himself one of the elect.
The comfortable fortunes alleged to have
been made by different Alaska miners who
have arrived here are greatly discounted by
Mr. Althenour.
"I found on reaching Alaska and talking to
the partners and others who haa known some
of these men intimately," said Mr. Althenour,
"that for every $1000 alleged to have been
made on arrival in California or any of the
coast States the correct amount was apt to be
about $100. So that for every miner alleged
to have made $15,000 say, when I got at the
facts through their friends there it would be
aDOut $1500. These men knew all about what
dust and nujgets haa Deen got out. They had
seen the stuff weighed.
"The average story is simply a gross exag
geration. Nobody knows that better than the
men who are in Alaska digging for gold."
A VOTE WINNER.
San Bernardino Sun.
The Republican mass-meeting at the pavilion
last night was one of the most enthusiastic
political gatherings ever assembled in this
county. The general opinion, irrespective of
party affiliations, was that Hon. Samuel M.
Shortridge made one of the ablest speeches
ever heard in San Bernardino.
The address is published quite fully in to
day's Sun, and it is in every way worthy of
close study. The orator caught the salient
points of the campaign and put them forth in
a clear and logical manner.
Mr. Sliortridge showed how the Democrats
have failed to carry out their promises; ex
plained that free trade and ruin were syn
onyms; and yet he refused to admit that the
money question is the sole issue, though he
did not dodge it.
Coming to the money problem he showed
beyond question that the Republican party
nan always been the friend of silver andoi
sound money, a dollar worth 100 cents iv
every land on earth.
The strong point of the speech was its fair
ness and good humor, fiobody lelt the audi
ence in anger and hundreds went away to
ponder over the lessons learned.
We need more men like Mr. Shortridge in
California, men who will sacrifice tnelr pri
vate affairs for the good of ttie party, and who
gladly spend days and nights in teaching the
doctrines of good government in the hour of
their country's peril.
SAUSALITO AND THE SEA
They dropped a ring from th« blushing shore,
When tne sea and the city were wed of yore.
Not brighter, they thought, waa the aea's bright
sheen,
When the Adriatic received Its aueen.
Who dropped the ring on that happy aay.
When Sausalito was wed to the Bay ?
The ocean rolled the wedding march,
And the pair were joined 'neath a cloudless arch.
The voice of the Bay. In deep, strong tone,
Made response in the service— the two are one.
Joined forever by chanceless band,
The forceful Bay to the dinging land.
1-ook at her now, as she sits by his side,
Sausalito, the beautiful bride.
Kobed with oak trees and dashed with spray,
Samalito, the bride of the Bay.
liaura B. Everett.
FAIR EXCHANGE
An Interior Editor Who Is Sure to Get
Along Somehow.
C. A. Carroll, editor of the Callstogian, is of a
cheerful disposition, and is willing to take
chances on 16 to 1 or any other reasonable
ratio that may be offered. Here is that editor's
latest pronunciamento:
• ' Our Motto:
' ♦•LIVE AND LET LIVE,"
The Calistoqia.v,
Only 92 a Year In Advance.
OtTB RESOLUTIONS :
Whereas, In the course of human events It be
comes necessary for us to eat to live, and whereas
the present financial depression has created an
unusual demand for money: therefore we have '
lietolved, In order to bridge over this chasm to
take that which you have the most of Id exchange
for the Calistogian, whether It be money or Its
equivalent, and further have .-
Jtetolvtd, To take potatoes, pumpkins, pears
plums, peaches, prunes; and a«aln
/> solved, To take apples, auricots, asparagus,
etc.; and we have further
Ji' solved. To take stove wood for the stove, hay
for the horse and grain for the chickens; and also
. Jlctolved, That If any man tempt us with any of
the melons or grapes that grOw in the sung of
.Napa to yield to a fair and unconditional exchange.
. All this is faithfully submitted by the publisher
of The Calistogian, Calistoga, Cal.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
General Joubert will oppose President Krnger
at the next election for President of the Trans
vaal.
A gown and wig are to De purchased for the
Town Clerk of Halifax at a inclusive cost
of £18.
In a Maine Central train last week a round
dozen of babies were placed in the care of Con
ductor John Mace.
The editor and publisher of the Duluth Press,
a weekly newspaper, is Mrs. Helen Cody Wet
more, a sister of "Buffalo Bill."
Zola is not a rich man. In spite of the enor
mous success of his books and the large an
nual income he has received from their sale
he has not possessed that business capacity
which would enable him to accumulate or
take care of a fortune. Those who know him
best predict that he will die a poor man.
Princess Maud and her husband, Prince
Charles, will not be very well off for royalties.
i They will have to rely chiefly, or rather almost
entirely, on the allowance made to them by
tbe Prince of Wales out of the sum granted
him by Parliament for his children.
Sir Henry Irving once entered a train in
London and found that four passengers
already occupied the four .corners of the car
riage and had appropriated the rest of the
seats for their portmanteaus. As no one
moved Sir Henry continued to stand, holding
on to the hatrail. After a while one of the
passengers sulkily began to move his luggage
from the seat, seeing which the actor re
marked in his blandest tone: "Oh, please
don't let me disturb you. I'm getting out at
Scotland."
A PRESIDENTIAL ACROSTIC
J. E. Ewing of Wilbur, Kans., sends the fol
lowing Presidential "mascot" to the Canton
Repository :
Washington.
Harrison.
TyLer.
FilLmore.
Madison.
BuchAnan.
Ada Ms.
Ada Ms.
Cleveland.
TolK.
Garfleld.
Job n so X.
Lincoln.
JeffErson.
HuYea.
Pierce.
Toyloß.
JlonroK.
JftckHon.
Harrison.
Clevelan I).
Van Bur En.
GraNt.
ArThur.
LADY'S WAIST WITH JACKET
FRONT.
A novel sleeve is shown here which will be
appreciated by the woman who wishes to keep
in advance of the styles. It is closely fitted,
with a circular cape-like top. The jacket
front is also much liked, allowing variety in
the shape of vest and blouse effects. The sim
plicity of the shape is a relief from the revers
and large collars.
A dress of plain black mohair had a vest of
yellow crepe with rows oi black insertion put
on lengthwiue. A frill of lace to match was
set on the edge oi the jacket front.
Three buttons of emeralds with a setting of
rhinestone were set on either side of the
jacket above the bust. A frill of creamy
guipure lace hung from the edge of the jacket,
oeing tapered toward the bottom, where it
ended at the darts.
A waist of black satin to be worn with a
skirt of black and white check, had a vest of
white chiffon gathered very full. At the side,
apparently set under the jacket, were frills of
white lace. A folded collar of brilliant green
ribbon was worn instead of the flaring collar
here portrayed.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I love you more than my tongue can tell,"
he wrote.
Her chilly note next day amazed him until
he remembered how badly he stuttered.— New
York Press.
"Henry, do you love me?"
"Why, darling, what a question!"
"Don't try to evade me, Henry! I'm no
liquor law."— Puck.
"By Jarge," exclaimed Terence, shukinghis
| fist at the liveryman who had overcharged
him, "when I have army more business wid
j you I'll thransact It wid some wan else!"—cni
j cago Tribune.
Book Agent— Good-morning, lady. Could I
sell you a copy of -An English Lord " by
Scribbler ? * *
Miss Jackson-No, suh; no, auk. Eflcain't
git de original ahticle I doan' want nuffin -
Judge.
Highest of all in Leavening Power. Latest U. S. Gov't Report
SB sFiMff is^bV Abb 8%3 Ba^Qs^sW kMK ES bE pi Bl - wSk *
IHR m^9 iHr ifrigsmlm »- - 1 EH lßsk .^h^^cn EM9L la cfl I J £t^**J '
WHk^ra* fE^BUijm SECT KS * MH *" «■ BM n| I 1 t I l^T Jf
BhYkl Baking
iPS* Powder
Absolutely pure
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Not at Par— vV. H.T., Fruitvale, Cal. Silver
is not at par with gold in silver-standard coun
tries. -• ' •.—■_--• * ' _•• " ■•-"._*; ;;:"'
Flax Straw— f. S., Rio Vista, Cal. There la
no firm in the State of California at this Umg
that handles flax straw.
Not Pensioned— Subscriber, City. The Pres
ident of the United States is not pensioned
after his term of office has expired.
Ten' Days a Queen— City. It was Lady
Jane Grey who, for ten days, was Queen of
England. She was beheaded by order of Queen
Mary in 1354.
Weight of Silver— a. S., City. One cubic
inch of pure silver weighs .378, one cubic foot
of pure metal weighs 654.6, and one million
standard silver dollars weigh 56,931 pounds
avoirdupois, or nearly 28% tons.
The Sixty-ninth— J. T., East Oakland, Cal.
When the original Sixty-ninth Regiment,
New York Militia, Colonel Corcoran command
ing, left the Empire City upon Lincoln's first
call for volunteers, there was no Company L
in the regiment. -
Capacity of the 'Mints— C. P., Ankon, El
Dorado County, California. The Capacity of
all the mints of the United States, running
sixteen hours per day, according to a state
ment recently made "by the director of tho
mint, is $40",000,000 in silver and a like
amount in goid.
Woman Suffrage— G. W. N.. Creston, Napa
County, Cal. ■As there has never been any
test it is impossible to say how many women
in San Francisco would decline to vote were
they given an opportunity to do sc. As to the
class of women to which your other inquiry is
directed, there are no statistics.
No Points for Debaters— Citizen, Ukiah,
Cal. This department will furnish answers to
any question to which an answer is obtain
able, but it will not furnish points for debates
of any kind. The debaters must hunt up tnei
own points. If this department furnish*' I r
them, then they would not be the points of the
debater. •.',-■'* "'■"■■ L >■ '<.'f.:iX' i' ;
Linden— C. W. E., Alameda, Cal. Linden
in San Joaquin County dates back to 1849
when it was a settlement. It is located twelve
miles northeast from Stockton and four miles
north of Holden on the line of the Southern
Pacific Railroad. From Holden to Linden
there is a line of stages daily. The fare from
the depot to Linden is 25 cents.
What to Say— M.. Suisun, Cal. If upon,
the introduction, unsolicited, of one lady to
another, one of the parties introduced shonld
say, "1 am pleased to meet you," the other
party, if she is pleased to meet the other,
should say so, if she isnot she need not express
her displeasure, but should be agreeable out
of courtesy to the party who took the liberty
of presenting the ladies to one another.
"Yankee Sullivan"— M. M. C, Los Angeles,
Cal. Francis Murray, alias James Sullivan,
alias "Yankee" Sullivan, a prize-fighter, who
was arrested by the Vigilance Committee of
San Francisco, 1856, committed suicide in the
rooms of the association in Fort Gunny-Bags
on Sacramento street by opening the veins of
his left arm on the night of the 31st of May of
that year. lie was one of a number of indi
viduals who were taken in by the committee
for the good of the community, and he heard
that he was to be hanged on the Ist of June.
Despite the assurance of the committee that
he would not be hanged, what he had heard
so preyed upon his mind that he put an end
to his life. .
Upon Declaration — Several Subscriber?,
City. There are a number of States in the
Union in which aliens who have declared
their intention to become citizens of th«
United States have the right to vote. In each
Slate residence previous to election is a
factor in an alien's right to cast a ballot,
the time varying in the States. An
alien who has declared his intention
may vote under the conditions named, in
Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Florida,- Indi
ana, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Minnesota,
Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Dakota,
Oregon, South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin.
In all these States excepting Colorado, Indiana,
Kansas, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, North
Dakota, Oregon and South Dakota the alien
who has declared his intention must have re
sided in the State one year and in the county
in which he wishes to vote from three to six
months. In Colorado the time limit is six
months In the State and ninety days in the
county; in Indiana the individual must have
resided one year in the United States and
six months in the State; in Kansas the
limit is six months in the State and thirty
days in the county ; in Michigan the individ
ual must have declared his intention under
United States laws six months before election
and must have lived in the State two years
and six months; in Missouri must have de
clared intention not less than one year and
not more than live years before offering. to
vote; In Nebraska time limit six months in
the State and forty days in the county; in
North Dakota alien must have declared inten
tion one year before election; in Oregon
declaration one year before election and resi
dence in State six months; in South' Dakota,
time limit six months in State and thirty days
in the county.
■
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb, Townsend's. •
— » ♦ .
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs. 25c"
•—♦—-•• — ♦— -• .
A nice present— Townsend's California Glace
Fruits, 50c lb in Jap. baskets. 627 Market St.*
— — ♦ ♦ — •
To enjoy the Ninth, "take a basket of Town
send's candies.". 627 Palace Hotel building.* ■
Stars, Orbits and Divorces.
Los Angeles Time,. ...
An astronomer has written that "wherever
there is a star there is an orbit." That is quite
true, but the sidereal explorer might have
added that wherever there is a star actress
there's also a divorce suit.
Albums, onyx tables, lamps, framed picture*,
etc., for wedding presents, at Sanborn & Vails.*
•—• — ♦ — •
. Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Preji
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
•—• — * — •
Husband's calcined magnesia. Four, first
premium medals awarded; more agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark labels. . .• *
The Kverard Beer Parade
Postponed until Wednesday, the 9th, on ac
count of the 300 barrels not arriving until
Tuesday evening. Parade and bands from 11
a. m. until 1:30. *
♦ —■» —♦
Signs of the Times.
Del None Record.
The leaders of the suffrape movement in this
State are meeting -with encouragement from
every source. Nearly every paper of influence
has taken up the cause end present indica
tions are that it will be grnnted to the woman
of the Stute the privilege lo exercise the elec
tive franchise two years hence.
♦—■*■ —»
\re Jim Going Kagt?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route — the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for' the trans
portation of families because or Its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at . a seasonable hoar and in
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. San
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street, Chron
icle building. .Telephone, Main 1531- Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
.—. — »—» — « — •
A t.i. lovers of the delicacies of the table use Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters to secure • a good
digestion. *«£
„ . - ■ ik — — .
As an expectorant Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
instantly relieves the bronchial tubes of the
mucus that obstructs and Irritates them. : . h
«, — «. — •
Fat.i. styles Standard Patterns, catalogue free.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
Free Silvel
Kiverslde Reflex.
There is a fool idea prevalent that pretty
women and good-looking men have no sense.
It isn't true, of course. Neither is it true that
because California is beautiiul she is a tool.
And nothing short ol foolishness wouid make
her give her electoral vote for Bryan.TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 8, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Fai.tvwtn Thkatkk.— "Madame San* Gene."
California Thkateb.— "On the Bowery."
Im.i-MBiA Thkateb- "The Wife."
ft'oßoero** oi'sba-Hodse- -The Great Brook-
lyn Handicap."
Tivoij CriRA-Hor»ii-"Eomeo and Juliet."
Orphkuk— High-Class Vaudeville.
A i Caspar Thratkb.— " All the Comforts of
Borne."
trTBO Baths— Bathing and performances,
bHoor thk Chi-tks— DaUy at Haight street,
cue biock east of the Park.
Cibcx's— At central Park.
Mrc-HAXirs' Jnstititk r*vn.iON- Twenty-
ninth industrial Kxposition.
AUCTION SALES.
By Indiana Auction Co.-Thla day (Tuesday),
Furniture, etc., at 1057 Market st., at 11 o'clock.
By L. H. Eckd- This day (Tuesday), Furni-
ture, at 105 Parkin St., near. Hayes, at l'l o'clock.
By P. J. Farth.— This day (Tuesday), Notions,
etc., at 414 McAll\ster street, at 2 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Labor day was fittingly celebrated last night
at Metropolitan Hall.
The directors of St. Luke's Hospital held a
meeting yesterday afternoon.
The Presbyterian pastors held a quiz day at
their weekly meeting yesterday.
John Bergez, the restaurant man, has begun
a peculiar suit against Leon Dennery.
There will be a prandjwoman suffrage rally
in Metropolitan Hall on Thursday night.
Twentj'-one parlors of Xative Sons will leave
this City for Stockton to-night at 8 o'clock.
The annual reports of officers of the Veter
ans' Home Association have just been issued.
Cloudy and threatening, with fresh winds, is
the best the weather bureau can do for to-day.
The demolttion of condemned houses In
Chinatown was resumed early yesterday morn
ing.
Mrs. de Silva, a Chinese lady orator, spoke
yesterday before the Women's Occidental
Board.
Fanny Blondeau was divorced yesterday from
Frederick Blondeau, and Catherine from John
T. Carey.
Robert T. Ward of this City, just returned
from the Cariboo mining district, tells of the
mines there.
Dr. Jerome Anderson gives an able presenta
tion of the theosophic teaching as to astral
photography.
The South Side improvement clubs and the
Cyclers' Board of Trade tendered a banquet to
the press last night.
A study of industrial conditions shows that
wages are low and that business has been
ruined by the Wilson bill.
Wrestling matches are to be arranged for the
benefit of the Golden Gate Carnival on the
night of the Columbia Club benefit.
Additional reduced class rates have been
issued by the Southern Pacific Company to
meet those put in by the Valley road.
There was no opposition to the regular ticket
at the annual election of the Olympic Club
last night. Only 175 votes were cast.
The American Women's Liberal League has
adopted resolutions scoring advocates of a
certain section in the proposed new charter.
Mrs. C. Chr.pman-Catt of New York of the
National Suffrage Association addressed the
local association in Golden Gate Hall yester
day.
Henry Berkemer has sued the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company for the loss of his house
hold furniture in the wreck of the steamship
St. Paul.
The Valley road's passenger coaches have
arrived at Stockton, but passenger business
will not be commenced until the Fresno
troubles are settled.
J. D. McDonald vesterdsy sued Doe, Hunt &
Co. to recover $10,314 75 for work done and
material furnished in the construction of the
Turlock irrigation ditch.
Hon. J. M. Gleaves, Senator from the Second
District, says that the chances for a handsome
vote for McKinley in the northern counties
are continually Improving.
On Monday, September 14, the new street
railway postal service will Le inaugurated. This
will give San Francisco the most perfect mall
system of ar.y city in America.
La Societe Beige de Secours Mutuels, a corpo
ration, applied yesterday io the courts for the
ri-ht to dissolve. The matter will be heard
before Judge Slack October 12.
H. W. WUlard, formerly of the New Idria
Quicksilver Mining Company, is here, en route
to L >i adville. He says the new fifty-ton mill at
New Idria will start about November 1.
F. Thurger. a sailor, entered a room in the
Bella Vista Hotel early yesterday morning by
means of the fire escape and was chased and
captured before he could get any plunder.
Lee How, the highbinder who shot Lou Lock
in the neck at 825 Washington street Friday
night, was booted at the City Prison yesterday
morning on the charge of assault to murder.
An unsuccessful attempt to open the safe in
th" office of the California Electrical Works,
4o!> Market street, was made by a burglar be
tween Saturday night and yesterday morning.
P. Marsicano secured a temporary restrain
ing order against the Mayor and Board of
Health as against the proposed tearing down
of his houses, 1009, 1011 and 1113 Dupont
street.
Last night 350 newsboys were to have been
admitted to the circur free, but 3000 young
sters appeared at the entrance and so great
became the struggling horde that the doors
were closed.
The Abner Doble Company has sued W. J.
McDonald to recover .«72«9 alleged to be due
for goods sold. The same concern also oued
the Keystone Consolidated Mining Company
for $1527 29.
Mrs. Sam Snapper, otherwise known as
Florie Royce in vaudeville circles, brought
suit yesterday to recover possession of her
baby girl, held by Clorindo Valento for a
boarding bilL
The Democratic and Populist State Central
committees yesterday ratified the so-called
fusion. Rogers accused Chairman Wardall of
having tricked him ont of the nomination, and
much bad feeling has been the result.
A beautiful window, representing the angels'
announcement to the shepherds at Bethlehem,
has Deen presented to Trinity Church by S.
Tarns as a memorial of Mrs. S. Tarns. It will
be placed in the south transept without delay.
In a series of interviews with wage-earners
the fact is made clear again that the principle
of protection to American industries is recog
nized to be the most important issue of the
pending campaign. Republicanism is seen to
bi- cafe and Democracy worse than experi
mental.
The will of Henry C. Kroenke was filed yes
terday for probate. An estate valued at $7500
is left to the testator's wife, Meta Kroenke.
David Purcell's will was also filed. It be
queathes a $5000 estate to Mrs. Mary Purcell.
The will of Sullivan R. Hall, leaving $1000 to
Mrs. Maggie Hall, was filed.
Martha Kreeger began suit against her hus
band. David Kreeger, to compel him to allow
her $30 a month for her support. Kreeger is a
shoemaker and, it is alleecd, makes $20 a
week. The couple were married lan February
and Kreeger deserted her a week ago with the
intention, she says, of leaving the State.
The Railroad Commissioners were thwarted
yesterday in their attempt to have the Mnrket
etreet Railway Company show its books that
the practicability of a reduction of car fares
might be discussed. They will ask the Attor
uev-General If they have the jurisdiction to
compel Secretary 'Willcutt to produce the
record of the company's earnings.
Articles incorporating the Mariposa Electric
Power Company were filed yesterday with the
County Clerk. They provide for ncquiring the
right to build such dams on tbe Merced River
as may be necessary to carry on the business
of the corporation. The incornorators are:
Charles T. Sinclair, George L. Ecker, Wallace
B Taylor, Harold C. Ward, A. H. Ward.
A Big Claim Unpaid.
J. D. McDonald yesterday began suit against
Doe, Hunt <fc Co. to recover $10,314 75 alleged
to be due for work and material furnished in
the construction of the Turlock irrigation
ditch Doe, Hunt & Co. secured the contract
for building thts ditch on a bid of $326,705.
J. D. McDonald was a sub-contractor and
claims that he performed work to the amount
stated, which remains unpaid.
♦ ♦ — •
Njew leatner goods— lndies' purses, etc.— for
fall trade are here. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
The Health Board Restrained.
P. Marsicano yesterday filed a petition with
the court asking for an order restraining
Mayor Sutro and the Board of Health from
tearing down certain condemned houses be
longing to him tin- plaintiff. located on Duponi
street, Nos. 1009, 1009^. 1011 and 1013. The
order was issued, the hearing being fixed for
the 15th.
liOANson watches, Jewelry, suvtrware, at Uncle
Harris', 16 Grant avenue.
FORCED TO USE
WHEAT FOR FUEL
Full Particulars of a Dis
astrous Collision at
Sea.
THE STEAMER WAS LOST
But the Ship Dundonald From
San Francisco Rescued
All on Board.
DEATH OF CAPTAIN F. MILLER
An Attack of Pneumonia Carried Off
the Well-Known Shipmaster
Suddenly.
The "Shire" line owns some of the hand
somest sailing vessels in the world, and of
the many that have come to San Francisco
the Ross-shire easily takes the palm. She
is a handsome four-masted bark, and Cap
tain Baxter, her commander, is one of the
most popular men in port. He has been a
regular trader here for years in the Dum
bartonshire, Kircudbrightshire, Clack
mannanshire and last of all the Ross
shire. The last is blest with a short name,
which is another ih ing in her favor. From
Glasgow to San Francisco the Ross-shire
established the record of 105 days, and on
her last trip she made the run here from
in 63 days, the smartest trip of the aeason.
Last year the Ross-shire went from San
Francisco to Sydney, N. S. W.. with a load
of wheat. While in the latter port the
cargo caught fire and considerable dam
age was done. A couple of week;, later
Captain Baxter's wife and children arrived
from Scotland, and that in a measure
compensated for the worry the captain
had Deen put to by the tire.
Captain Baxter is an artist of no mean
merit, and a handsome oil painting of the
Ross-shire made by him graces the cabin.
He is also a good musician and an enthu
siast over bicycling. The vessel only got
in a couple of days a_o, but the anchor
had not been dropped an hour before the
i captain had his "bike" ashore, and was on
■ his way to the consignees.
Tne British ship Lord Cairns, which ar
i rived from Swansea yesterday, made an
j unusually long run for her. "Just fancy,"
! said Captain Davies, "I was 161 days get
: ting here, and out of eighteen voyages I
have made to San Francisco before I was
never more than 130 days. Why, off the
Horn there were twenty-one days that we
never made a mile. It snowed, and it
hailed, and it blew, but it always blew in
the wrone direction. Then when we got
around into the Pacific, we had a succes
j sion of dead calms that lasted twenty-one
i days more, until at last I began to despair
of ever reaching port. 1 never had such a
time of it in all my life before, and don't
want a second similar experience." Cap
tain Davies has probably made more con
secutive runs to San Francisco than any
other master in port.
The flags along the water front yester
day were all at half mast out of respect to
the memory of Captain Frank J. Miller of
the brig Lurline. He was taken ill with
pneumonia last week and diea quite sud
denly. Captain Miller was one of the
most highly esteemed masters on the
wator front, and his death cast a gloom
; over shipping circles. This was to have
been his last voyage. In fact he wanted
to retire last month, but the owners of the
j Lurline persuaded him to make one more
trip. Years ago he was master of tbe
bark Annie Johnson, then he had the
schooner Hera and for years was on the
, brigantine Courtney Ford. He had been
I a master for twenty-live years, and his
! last illness was the only one that confined
him to the house for any length of time.
The steerage passengers iroin Canada on
the steamer Umatilla had good cause to
growl at the immigration officers yester
day. The vessel got in from Fuget Sound
ports at 10 a. m. and three hours later the
steerage immigrants were still aboard
waiting for some one to pass on their
cases.
On June 17 last the British ship Dun
donald, from San Francisco for Hull, was
run down by the British steamer Santar
euse in latitude 15 degrees north, longi
tude 33 degrees west. The Dundonald
reached Hull with nearly all her cargo of
wheat. A short cable to the Merchants'
Exchange gave the news, but full particu
lars did not reach this City until yester
day. In a private letter the writer says:
"You have no doubt heard of the collision.
It was an awful affair, and tbe only thing
that saved us was the water-tight bulk
head. Had it given way all would have
gone to Davy Jones' locker. Our whole
bows were stove in, bowsprit all knocked
over to port, foretopmast gone a little
above the cap, main topgallant royal and
skysail mast and the crane of the fore
lower topsail yard carried away.
"I can tell you it was a complete wreck.
All our jibs and foretopmast staysails were
dragging alongside for days. After we
were struck our forepeak filled and we all
thought she was going down. Captain
Girvin ordered the starboard lifeboat
cleared away as the port side up to the
masts was in the water. We were in the
northeast trades, close hauled on the star
board tack and making not more than
four knots. The steamer was going twelve
and a half knots, so you can imagine what
kind of a crack she gave us. Tne captain
cf the steamer signaled that his vessel
was sinking, so we took off ail the women
and children and afterward the crew. She
had forty-seven passengers and fifty-one
of a crew, and as the Dundonald carried
thirty men all told, you can imagine what
our decks looked like. Luckily a bark
bound for Para, whither the steamer was
going, hove in sight and took all the pas
sengers off our hands. We also sent the
chief cook, steward and third mate. A
few provisions were got out of the steamer
by the bark and we got a few tons of coal.
Then we all stood on deck and watched
her go down. After that we got under
way with our forepeak full of water and
masts and sails hanging ovur the side and
made fair progress.
"We had seventy-seven hands aboard,
and the provisions soon began to give out.
The last fortnight oi the voyage we had to
burn wheat for fuel, and ali we had to eat
was porridge made from wheat we ground
up. It was lucky for us we had a load of
your California product, or else we would
have fared badly. When we arrived in
Liverpool the Santareuse's crew landed and
our ship was towed to Hull, where we are
waiting for a court of inquiry."
Since the above was written a telegram
has been received bere stating that the
captain of the Dundonald was exonerated
from all blame and tne captain of the
steamer was censured.
The Naval Reserve is going to Stockton
in a body. The Camanche's launch will
tow up the captain's gig. and the boats
Mayflower and Boston will be towed up
by the Millie. A great many excursion
ists went up on the J. D. Peters and Mary
Uarratt last night, but the center of at
traction was W. H. Thornley and his
Alaskan bear. It is to be presented to San
Francisco Parlor and will march at the
head of that bo iy in the para>ie.
A Short Railroad.
Articles of incorporation of the Bear Harbor
and Eel River Railroad Company were filed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
She Is the Handsomest Vessel of the Famous "Shire" Line That Has Ever Come to San Francisco.
Captain Baxter, Her Master, Is an Old Trader to This Port.
yesterday morning with the County Clerk.
The capital Btock is $200,000. paid in $100,
-000. The incorporators are: James Hunter,
Thomas Ballard, E. J. Dodge, Calvin Stewart
and A. B. Cooper. The road is to be built
from the junction of Indian Creek with Eel
River to the terminus of the cable road owned
by the Bear Harbor Lumber Company in Men
docino County.
THE VETERANS' HOME.
Splendid Record of a Tear's Work In
the Institution at Yountviile,
Naf>a County.
• Through the courtesy of Secretary John
J. Scovilie of the Veterans' Home Asso
ciation of California The Call has re
ceived the annual reports of the president
and other officers of the association for
the fiscal year ending June 30. 1896. The
several reports are neatly bound in a
paper covered volume of sixty -six pages,
and contain quite a fund of matter
which friends of the old soldier will find
interesting.
In tbe treasurer's report receipts to the
amount of $137.603 50 are noted, the dis
bursements during the year summing up
$136,113 14, leaving on hand a balance of
$1490 36. According to the secretary's
report the year opened with 517
inmates at the home at Yount
ville. During the year 275 new in
mates were received, 224 former inmates
readmitted, 20t* discharged at their own
request, 91 discharged for non-compliance
with rules and 36 for causes not specified,
while 28 were dropped from the rolls for
being absent over sixty days without
leave, and 51 died, making all told a net
gain of 84, raising the present membership
to6OL
Many expensive improvements have
been made in the buildings and grounds,
and no pains seem to have been spared to
make the institution a "home" indeed to
its deserving occupants.
LETTER-CARRIERS' CASH,
It Has Accrued for Extra Work
and Must Now Be Paid
in Full.
Commissioner Lorenz Is Here to
Settle the Claims of Three
Hundred Persons.
Henry L. Lorenz of Washineton. D. C,
Commissioner of the United States Court
of Claims, is at the Ramona. He has
come here to settle the claims of nearly
300 letter-carriers for overtime work. This
work has been done in past years, dating
in some instances, as far back as 1888.
In that year Sunset Cox succeeded in
passing a bill through Congress, paying
all carriers for work done over the regula
tion eight hours. Some of the carriers had
been put by the postmasters at clerical
work and others at sorting mail. Their
I pay has ramred usually from $»>OO to $1000
a year, and by Mr. Cox's bill they are to
be allowed proportionate pay for the extra
work.
Mr. Lorenz has been adjusting such
claims for about three years, and has paid
out about $2,000,000. He has traveled in
California, Oregon, Washington, Colorado,
Utah, Kansas, Nebraska, lowa and other
States. On this visit he is accompanied
by Clark McKercher, an attorney of Wash
ington, D. C, who represents a legal firm
having the cases of about 250 of the claim
ants.
Of the 300 claimants in San Francisco
for overtime work 260 have already filed
their claims with Commissioner Lorenz.
The Commissioner's home was formerly
in Toledo, Ohio, where for several years
he was a Judge. Inspector J. W. Erwin of
the Postoffice Department is an old-time
friend of Mr. Lorenz.
Mr. Lorenz will be here probably for
several days.
T * m
SPORT FOR THE CARNIVAL.
Wrestling Matches on the Night of the
Columbia Club Benefit.
Vincent White, instructor of the Colum
bia Athletic Club, has issued a challenge
to Al Lean, instructor of the Reliance
Athletic Club, for a wrestling watch, best
three out of five, to take place on the
night of the benefit given by the Columbia
Athletic Club.
Up to Sunday night it was supposed
that the match had been definitely ar
ranged, bnt yesterday word was received
from A I Lean that he could not wrestle.
_ White is now out with a defi to wrestle
Lean any style chosen, for a trophy or
a purse, as Lean might elect, and the same
to be. pulled off on the night of the Co
lumbia benefit for the Golden Gate carni
val.
In addition to the wrestling match,
which will probably be arranged in the
meanwhile, an interesting six or eight
round go between two noted amateurs is on
the tapis.
Colonel John O' Byrne is preparing a list
of collectors to visit the business houses
immediately. It was thought at first to
defer any attempt to collect money until
after the election, but Colonel O'Byrne
has decided to start at once in order that
there may be no excuse on behalf of ; the
merchants for not subscribing liberally, as
they know, that the affair will be brought
off according to agreement on April 19.
•" • > ' — — — -. ■
Found Dead on the Street.
The body oi an unknown man was found
lying at the corner of Lick alley and First
street by Officer J. Laws last evening. The
Coroner's office was notified, and the body,
that of a middle-aged man of sandy com
plexion, waa removed to the Morgue.
THE BRITISH SHIP ROSS-SHIRE.
TRINITY'S RICH
MEMORIAL GIFT
It Is a Beautiful Picture
of the Herald
Angel.
STORY OF BETHLEHEM.
Shepherds Surrounded by Their
Flocks Appear in the
Foreground.
LISTENING TO THE MESSENGEE
The Window Is in Memory of Mrs. S
Tarns and Will Be Placed in
a Transept.
Trinity Church on Bush and Gough
"THE ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE SHEPHERDS."
streets is to have a beautiful pictorial
window in the southern transept, where
one of the temporary plain windows is to
be replaced by the "Announcement to the
Shepherds." And this artistic contribu
tion to the handsome Norman church is
only the first of many of its kind. So
that in a very short time the whole
interior aspect of Trinity will iiave been
changed by the introduction of stained
glass windows, the gift of various mem
bers of the congregation.
The grand window for the transept is
now ready to be set in place, and will be
erected immediately. It is the gift of Mr.
8. lams, an old member of Trinity
Chuich, who has intended it as a
memorial window in remi-mbrance of his
wife, Mrs. Carolina L.. Tarns, who died De
cember 20, 1891. Mrs. Tarns was one of the
best known ladies of San Francisco, and
the tirst American woman born in Cali
fornia. The many friends 3heleft behind,
particularly those in Trinity congregation,
are deeply interested in the memorial.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Rev. Mr. Walk, pastor of the church, is
infatuated with it, and many ot his flock,
who have seen the window, are proud of
it as a work of art in Trinity Church.
The window — every incu of it — is of
home manufacture, both in the artists'
work aud the mechanical department,
having been designed and made by Thomas
C. Butterworth of this City. In dimen
sions it is five feet wide and twenty feet
six inches high. The glass is exclusively
of high-grade, antique quality and appa
rently handled with great care. Its gen
eral ensemble is, to say the least, striking,
and this includes the grouping, details,
drawing and color scheme, all of which
are highly spoken of by connoisseurs.
The window represents a scene framed
in pure Gothic lines of a golden hue. In
the foreground are the shepherds in an
attitude that shows they have just been
disturbed from their quiet avocation. One
shades his eyes from the brilliancy of an
approaching angel, while another leans on
his staff and listens to the wonderful
words of peace and good will. Their faces
are full of reverence, mixed with awe. All
about them are their flocks grazing peace
fully.
The angel appears as a beautiful woman,
soaring amid cherubs on the clouds and
pointing toward Bethlehem, which is seen
in shadows far off in the distance. And
there shines the star over the stable,
brighter and larger than those in the
spangled firmament. In the architectural
framing, among the exquisite tapering
finials nigher up, are two angelic figures
in Dostures of adoration.
The whole is pitched in a subdued key
of color, as the scene represents night, but
the herald angel is radiant with light and
loveliness, and this same light is reflected
upon the shepherds' faces.
Malicious Mischief.
John Buttler, a butcher at 233 Haight street,
had Charles Rickoff, a mining engineer, ar
rested yesterday morning on a charge of ma-
licious miichief. Benttler said that Rickoff
had been annoying him by throwing kuives
into the meat hanging in front of his store.
Rickoft" is a respectable citizen and was very
indignant over his arrest. He denied the
charge. He gave cash bail and was released.
Klection Contract* Let.
The Election Commissioners awarded con
tracts for different election supplies yesterday.
Payot, Uphfttn & Co. received the stationery
contract at $210, and the printing contract at
$■-'4!* '.!.■>, while ttie contrnct for furnishing
chairs and lamps went to H. P. Terry at $5 50
for each booth.
The matter of awarding the contract for
building voting-stalls in the booths was left to
the discretion of Registrar Hinton.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
Collarbone Broken.
Joseph Provensal, employed at the Pacific
Kolli:g-mills was removing a piece of iron
yi-sterday morning when a heavy rail, which
was leaning against the wall, fell and struck
him, breaking his right collarbone and bruis
ing his back. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospitnl.
DECLINED TO SHOW
RAILROAD BOOKS
Willcutt Denies the Com
missioners' Juris
diction.
THEY WILL ASK ADVICE.
Possible Reduction of Streetcar
Fares Thwarted at the
Outset
IS THE BICYCLE BAGGAGE?
The Board Ignored by Other Com
panies and Will Appeal to the
Attorney-General.
Secretary Willcutt of the Market-street
Railway Company did not bring the cor
psration's books with him as requested
when he punctually appeared before the
Board of Railroad Commissioners yester
day afternoon, but he brought the com
pany's legal light, who very deliberately
told the Commissioners that he did not
think they had the jurisdiction to regu
late or reduce streetcar rates, and there
fore he would refuse on the part of the
secretary to produce any of the records of
what the car companies are making from
the 5-cent fares.
Then Attorney Walker dutifully took
Secretary Willcutt by the hand, and the
couple trotted as demurely and silently
from the ioom as two little Sunday-school
boys mindful of mamma's admonition to
deliver the message and come right back
home.
The Commissioners silently looked at
one another until Dr. Btanton broke the
threatening spell by declaring: "I regard
this refusal as contempt, and we should
punish it. We must take some action
in this matter; either begin the investiga
tion or punish Secretary Willcutt-" But
Chairman La Rue poured oil udoii the
troubled waters by suggesting that the
Attorney-General be asked for an opinion
on the matter of jurisdiction.
The proposition of a reduction in raies
originated with a request filed with the
board by the Ashbury Heights Improve
ment Club, w ich asked lor an investi
gation of the earnings of the Market-street
Railway Company and a 2% or 3 cent fare
if conditions should warrant.
During the meeting two other matters
were brought up for an opinion by the
Attorney-General. It seems that a ridicu
lously small percentage of the transporta
tion companies other than the steam rail
roads has complied with the Commis
sioners' request for reports. Then the
board would like to know if it has the
power to declare bicycles to be baggage.
The Attorney-General must settle these
questions.
The Commissioners instructed their sec
retary to request the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company to submit a report of
all the changes in the schedule of rates
*EW TO-DAT."
Don't wait till your tea is
out — tell your grocer: "I
want to try Schilling's Best
if I can without cost either
to myself or you, as the
advertisements say. lam
willing to pay for the tea if
I like it; not if I don't; but
I don't want it at your
expense."
A Schilling; & Company
San Francisco 8?6
NEW TO-PAT— AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK.
•"^^v THK AFTERNOON AT 2.
/ £ J»\ in *^ evening at 8.
/ F*4l» v A THE TALK OF
m^MBEM ALL friscoi
W^MmtSil THE Bl ° SHOW
N(^|yP^ OF THE WORLD
S%^\^ THE GREAT
fr-cis ADIM and SELLS
ijgj|S.4-PAW _ BROS.
Sr AMERICA'S
/ffl>\\ GREATEST SHOWS
/ JpW« A COMBINED !
felssH|tfHrlii The Largest Menagerie
gliyl in the World.
V^fciC l^*!!!/ 4 BIG CIRCUSES 4
y<mj%&mm& 300 star ARTISTS-300
100-GREAT acts— loo
/ & .A \ Two Herds of Performing
/ V2B*fEL \ Elephants. Educated Seals and
/ . mST JrSstA Sea Lions. \ Two Great Hippo-
Fht BfcMßrFi potaml. The only living Khl-.
fBKS^S noceros. Greatest Performing
1 '-* " V^dß3& Beasts. Beyond all comparison
T SvSSSiS??3F the largest, richest and most
-•i^jSi-^ complete A renlc and Zoological
enterprise In the world. Two performances daily
at. 2 and Bp. v. Doors open an hoar earlier.
Seating capacity 15,000. 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street.
Scale of rrlces: General admission 60c; chil-
dren under 9 ears, half Drlce; chairs on grand
sand, $1; private boxe? with six seats, $9 00;
single seats in private boxes, $1 50.
ALCAZAR.
O'b'arr>'ll Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Bkt.asco, Doank & Jordan. I>ssee3 & Managers.
A Performance "of Merit and the Large
Crowds Attest It!
First Time in This City at the Prices,
The Excruciatingly ■ Funny Farce-Comedy,
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME!"
By the Marvelously Clever -Alcazar
. Stock Company of I 'layers.
. Perfect letails! i:iaborae Accessories!
Special Matinee Wednesday, Admission
• Day.
JOLLITY AT TOUR OWN PRICES !
15c, 25c, 35c ami SOc. MatineeA, 1 5c.
25c and 35c TELEPHONE BLACK 991.
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Rail Tray on Earth !
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P.M.
-..■; Special Matinee Admission Day.
THIS AND EVERY EVENING AT 10.'
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From the Chutes at Milan, Italy)
Will COAST THE CHUTES and Land in the
Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A GREAT BILL IN THE CASINO!
ROYAL "JAPANESE ACROBATS, THE
MASONS, JULES KORTO and
.. A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage.
ADMISSION io CENT*.
Children, including Merry-Uo-Round Hide, 5 cents. .
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 a. ic Until 11 P. it
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
I General Admission— Adults 10c, Children 6c. ,
- NEW TO-DAY. 1
the fading or falling of Vy^^?
the hair. Luxuriant £<••*>
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms Is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
since the last report was filed with the
board.
The Commissioners will meet again
September 23.
ST. LUKE'S DIRECTORS.
The Hospital Reported to Be in a Pros
perous Condition.
A meeting of the directors of St. Lake's
Hospital was held at the Diocesan House,
adjoining Grace Church, yesterday after
noon.
President Gibbs stated that the condi
tion of the hospital was most satisfactory.
Its treasury was not empty and its credit
was good.
The directors decided to commence the
erection of an operating annex where the
most modern appliances would be adopted.
Hart Renews the Mortgage.
W. H. H. Hart renewed a mortgage on a por
tion of his share of the Blythe estate to Mrs.
Caroline A. Towne yesterday for $21,000.
According to the instrument recorded. Hart
mortgages 1 per cent of the estate, which is
said to De two-twenty-flfths of his interest.
NEW TO-I.AT-AMTJSEMENTB.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
I n at the Til 3D WEEK!
Baldwin ANDLAST
1 BUT ONE.
The Grandest of all Sardon't Plays.
MADAME SANS GENE"
WITH KATHBTN K.IDDER IN
THE TITTLE BOLE.
ARE ALLY GREAT PRODUCTION.
43" Seats Now Selling for all Remain*
.ing Performances.
I 7..ATTME .i i TONIGHT!
CALIFORNIA Ml THE WEEK.
Special Holiday Matinee Admission Day,
: . ; ;' Wednesday, Sept. 9.
Regular Matinee Saturday.
Stupendous Sensational Scenic Spectacle.
"ON THE BOWBRYI"
'.'.". . Introducing the Bowery's King,
STEVE BB.OSI1:,
Champion Bridge Juniper of the World.
Vivid Pictures of Greater New York,
Carloads of Elaborate Scenery and Properties.
TWtDLAnQtR.OOTTLOO* v o?' UisoAnorwitAfiWi 1 "
&■ {Talking
THERE'S NO SUCH WORD AS "FAIL"
■WITH ANT OF
THE FBAWLEY COMPANY"
—PRODUCTIONS
Last Night's Performance of
"THE WIFE"
Was the Acme of Perfection.
NO ONE SHOULD MISS SEEING
Belasco and DcMllle's Famous Society Play.
REMEMBER- SPECIAL MATINEE
TO-MORROW.
Next Comedy "A MATRIMONIAL MAZE"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
luk» iißNibi'Jsi: jb.«Ki,!NB, Proprteior <3t SL*at\z*z
Til© Grand. OjD©r*a Season
REPERTOIRE WEEK.
TO-NIGHT— i
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
Cast includes Bertinl Humphreys, Bernice
Holmes, Michelena, Kaffael, Pache, Forbes,
Boyce, Witt, I'errlD, Napoleoni, Etc.
To-morrow Night IL TROTATOBB
Thursday THE BOHEMIAN GH L
Friday LUCIA
Saturday ..IL TROVATORE
' Sunday Evening, September 13th,
First presentation In this city of Humperdlnk'a
Fairy Idyl,
"HANSEL. AND ....GRETEL !'»
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTEB MOnoSCO, Sole Lease* ao<t Xau«iis
• DON'T MISS IT
SPECIAL ADMISSION DAT MATINEB
- Wednesday, September 9th,
; Of the Wonderful Race Comedy-Drama,
THE GREAT BROOKLYN HANDICAP
Third Week's Triumph of the Favorites,
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, ED. J. HURON,
Who will Introduce many
NEW SONGS, NEW SPECIALTIES AND
NEW DANCES.
Real Jockeys! Real Racehorses! Real Fun!
Evening Prices— loc, 35c and 50c.
O'Farrell street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, Sept. 7#
A GRAND, GU*;AT, N.W BILL.
BELLMAN AND MOORE.VASSAR QUARTET,
FERGUSON AND MACK, TEkRV AND
ELMER. riARGUERITi-: FURGESON,
LYDIA YO AM TITUS AND OTHERS.
14— New All Nations' Stars-14.
SEE FILSON AND ERROL.
Reserved seats. 35c: Balcony, 10c: Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 60c. Get your seats In advance.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LARKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINHICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
TO-NiaHT,
■ - — TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8—
CHINESE ifflOST!
Wednesday, Sept. 9, Admission Day— After-
noon. Baby Show, prizes $-50; Even-
ing, Poem by Native Daugnters,
Prize *25.
Addresses by Native Sons and Daugh-
ters.
Admission . 25c, ' Children 1 5c, m
- OPEN DAY AND EVENING.
78
"GIVE US WORK; MONEY WILL COME" SAYS LABOR.
It appears fortunate for some voters that time intervenes between the nomination
and election of a President. Otherwise some citizens might have been carried away
by a false current started by self-seeking politicians toward the shoals of ruinous free
trade. But time has been called "the friend of truth." Gradually the earnest voter
has crown to aistinguish between the siren-voice of treacherous Bryanism and the
calm, businesslike warning of great Republican leaders. All through the City men
are thinking, and the more they think the more they want protection. "Let us have
plenty of work," is the cry, "and the money question will regulate itself." There is a
widespread conviction that while Democratic success means new and untried experi
ments, the policy of the Republican party and the fidelity to party promises made by
the grand old organization insure thai with the election of William McKinley the
party will move onward to renewed prosperity and will retrieve the disasters incident
to Democratic misrule. The interviews published below are inspiriting because they
show that the people are sound and wide awake and cannot be misled by plausible
sophistries. Some of those who will vote for McKiuley followed the Cleveland ban
ner, but they have seen their error and express regret that they were mistaken. One
of the speakers has been a life-long Democrat, who finds that Republicanism has al
ways meant prosperity and that Democratic rule means disaster. All see that tht
real issue of the campaign is protectioa to American industries.
PROSPERITY VERSUS DISASTER.
AUGUSTUS L. DE MARS, blacksmith, whose residence is at 81 Natoraa street,
said:
is no doubt in my mind that,
■ under the administration of McKinley
Htbe affairs of this country will be more
Biirosf.erous than they could be if Bryan
Hshould be in tbe Presidential chair. I
Hhave been a Democrat nearly all my days,
Hbut I have come to a full realization of the
I fact that when the Democrats have control
|of the National administration we nave
I Lad times. This iias been so from tbe
Hadmini^tration of Buchanan to the rule of
Hcieveland. The Republican party and the
Hpolicy of the Republican party are safer
Hfor this country. I approve heartily and
Hall the time of the policy of protection,
Hbut do not think well of the free trade idea
Hany of the time, free trade is surely not
Hcoocl for the wage-earners of the United
Hstates, and we have experimented far
Heiuv.iirh along that line to arrive at a
which every one can see.
Hi have voted for Democratic Presidential
Hcandidates. I voted for Oi rover Cleveland,
Hand I have realized that 1 made a mistake.
sir, speaking as a blacksmith and
after the fashion of a blacksmith, I may truly say that I burned a hole in my shirt
when I voted for Cleveland. I think that the Democratic party and the Democratic
policy have brought the hard times upon us through which we are passing. As the
Democrats propose to follow out the policy of free trade, letting in foreign made
goods to compete with our home products, there is no reason why times will be any
better than they are now with Bryan as President. Republican administrations have
brought prosperity. I have worked at a mechanical trade thiity-three years, thirty
three years as a blacksmith in fact. I have served as a soldier in the army in the Civil
War. A reasonably large acquaintance with workingmen qualifies me, more or less,
to speak with knowledge of the condition of labor. You know, and every one knows
that work is scarce, that wages have fallen and that they are still falling, and that
what we need is work, not theories of any sort. 1 said before that the Republican
policy is safer than the Democratic policy, and every workingman ought to see that
to be the fact."
RAISINS NEED PROTECTION.
FRED LOESCHER is foreman of the Yolo Flour Mills, and though his work rt
quired his constant attention, managed to^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
give his views while handling the flour^
from the fast feeder?.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^!
"Yes, you may put me down for a Mc-
Kinley man," he said. ''I think you will
have a hard job to find anybody else
around here. We are all for McKinley,
and wh°n I speak I speak for nearly every
man in fcbii mill.
"First, let us see what the issues are.
As I understand the situation, we have to
choose between free silver and sound
money, free trade and protection.
"As regards free silver, I am utterlyß
opposed to any such policy. We don't need!
it. It will bring wages down to almost!
nothing, in my opinion. Heaven knows, l
they are low enough now. If it doesn't!
lower wages it will reduce the puichssing!
power of a dollar, and that is just as bad.
"Xext, let us consider the issue of pro-!
tection and free trade. That is the real!
question to look at and ponder over, any!
■way. In this business wages are ratber!
smaller than they used to be, though we!
are rather luckier than men engaged in^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l
some branches of business. But I own a farm in the country on which I grow raisins.
Several men are employed to care for the vines and attend to the work of changing
the raw fruit into shape for sale. ~~l\ ■ •-•■".' -■::''
"Well, under the AlcKlnley bill I used to get excellent prices for these raisins.
Under the Wilson bill 1 didn't get half as much as formerly, and here lately the busi
ness has gone to the dogs. That is enough for me. lam going to stay with the party
o! prosperity, and McKinley will get my vote."
["Certainly, I am going to vote for McKinley," said William Pohlmann. Pohl
■ mann is a coppersmith, employed by
■Sanders & Co., and a McKinley man from
■start to finish.
I "Every man I know is going to vote for
HMcKinley, with but a lew exceptions. I
■don't care to waste my vote, and if it is
■given to Bryan it is pretty sure of being
■ wasted.
"In tbe first place, the Republican party
His identified with good times, with plenty
■and prosperity. On the other hand, De
■inocracy is a synonym for demagogy and
■want.
■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^J "Free silver is a visionary dream, so long
Has it is tried by only one country. By in
■ ternational agreement there is something
■ tangible in the policy. What is to prevent
■this from being a dumping-ground for the
■ surplus silver of the nations of the world?
■Absolutely nothing. As things are now
■they are pretty satisfactory.
■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^1 "The question that demands attention
■is protection. We need it. The farmer
■needs it. The wool-grower needs it.
■Everybody needs it And we must have
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■it, or the 'douce will be to pay, as the boys
say. I have been through Mexico and some of the South American countries, and the
condition of the masses there is enough to mate a man tremble at the thought that
things are fast coming to a pass when we shall be in the same fix.
"Every man owes it to his country to vote for McKinley at the comine election.
From all accounts most men are in a fit frame of mind to pay the debt in full."
"W. S. DENNIS said: "I have been a machinist fifteen years. I have always been
a Republican and I see more reason now
for being a Republican than ever before. I
Certainly I will vote for William McKin- I
ley for President. My reason is partly I
that McKinley represents the principles I
of protective tariff and partly because I I
believe in the principles of the Republican I
party taken as a whole. lam against free I
silver on the plan proposed by Bryan and I
the Democratic party at the ratio of 16 to I
1. Ido not believe that present conditions I
' are to be changed and good times brought I
back by any expedient of that sort. The I
hard times are due to the Democratic ad- I
ministration and to the tariff policy of I
the Democratic party. The great issue is I
not financial, but is the protective tariff. I
The Republican party has always had and I
has always deserved the .confidence of the I
people, and prosperity has been general I
and widespread whenever the Republican I
party has been in control of the business I
policy of the Nation, As to the silver I
dollar which would be coined under al6 I
to 1 ratio I may say that Ido not want it. 'I
We all want a dollar that is worth 100 I
cents, just what it purports to be worth
business has been growing steadily worse and worse, vea^^^c^^
Cleveland was inaugurated. There are not half as many machinists e« n wi? ■
Ban Francisco as there wore formerly. There is a reason f£t£i e which ,n"»eSn£
can easily find. That reason i, that foreign made goods, = produced at less c"st than -
American manufactures, nave found their way into the home market of the Unite J
States and have taken the place of our own products, the result being that there has
Protection Is the Keynote of Genuine Public Opinion in This Country*
NO BRYAN FOR HIM.
VIEWS OF A MACHINIST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
been less work. Mills and factories have been shut down all over the country, for the
effect of encouraging foreign competition against our own industries is necessarily
and naturally widespread. Times are bad in California, but they are as bad and
probably worse in other sections ot the country." Mr. Dennis has worked many
years as a machinist in this City. He lives at 1622 Polk street.
who has been a machinist thirty-five years and who was foreman
for the Southern Pacific Company for
■ twelve years, is engaged in mechanical
■ business on Main street. He lives at
■ 3282 Seventeenth street "I will vote for
■ McKinley for President," he said. "There
■ are many reasons why I should vote for
■ him, and I would find it very difficult to
Blind a reason why I should vote against
■ him. Ido not see how any workman can
■ reasonably vote against McKinley. In
■ the first place, I can nee that better times
■ will come as the result of Republican sue
■ cess. My experience has taught me that
■ is so, and future experience will not prove
■anything different. We are all interested
l in the welfare of the country and in the
Hcondi'ion of the people at large. I have
■ been one of the fortunate ones in the mat
■ tiT of having steady work, but I have seen
■ many as good workmen as myself out of
■employment during the Cleveland ad*
■ ministration. When i was foreman for
■ the Southern Pacific Company out at
■ sixteenth street there was hardly a day
■ passed without some good mechanic ap
■ plied for work. I have seen the time in
when it was necessary to take
I the train and come down to San Francisco to hire mechanics, and then they could
|not be hired. Iso such thing has happened since the Democrats have secured con
trol of the National administration. This also occurs to me. There are questions
about the result of Democratic experiments, but the mechanics have no fear of the
Republican party. I have been in a position to become acquainted with and to
thoroughly understand many mechanics, and 1 Know how they feel concerning the
protective tariff. They are well read, as they have to be to keep up, and they under
stand the political situation aboui as well as any one can explain it to them. If the
Democrats have any money to spend for political use I would advise them not to
spend it trying to convince the mechanics to vote against McKinley, for that means
throwing both time and money away. It will not j?o."
HENRY A. McINTIRE, who has been a machinist twenty-two years, came at one*
to the point when he was asked why hcp^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^p^pj
is going to vote for McKinley. "Last timel
I voted the Democratic ticket for Presi-H
dent. I had an idea that the Democrats!
could give us a better share of prosperity ;l
more work by building up the foreignM
markets for American manufactures; bet-H
ter wages resulting from a greater demandM
for labor. I cannot see how the policy orH
the application of the policy of the Derao-H
crats has helped us. We are worse off in-l
stead of having our condition improved, I
and in this 1 and many thousands of I
others have undoubtedly been disap-H
pointed in our expectations. No one has|
been helped who works for wages. No|
one who works for wages is going to be|
helped by Democratic success. It is en- 1
tirely fair to reason that way in view of I
that which has, we know, already hap- 1
pened and is now happening?. I think I
that we want protection. That is the I
first and real issue of this campaign, the I
main thing, in fact. No workingrnan can I
successfully dispute the statement that I
protection ought to and must benefit him. I
Where will he look for protection ? Will he find protection taught by the Democratic
party, either the silver or the gold wing of the Democracy, or by Bryan himself? Not
much. The only party that advances protection as its political cardinal doctrine is
the Republican party. To abandon protection for the 16 to 1 doctrine, which could
not, at the best, lead to more than two or three years of increased activity in mining
and an increased demand for mining machinery for perhaps less time, would prove to
be a serious mistake. There is no doubt about that. If workmen are paid in 50-cent
silver dollars on the Pacific Coast that would offset any increased demand for labor in
the mines and lor the work of machinists in the making of mining machinerv during
the very short period which I have indicated. Let every workingman and every
mechanic vote for his own best good, which is for protection for his labor "
LOOKING FOR BETTER TIMES.
W. I. STONE is a well-known macfaini a t in this City. He resides at 1531 Chestnut
street, Alameda. He said yesterday : 'I
I am going to vote for McKinley. His elec-
I tion will mean that workingrnen will see
I better times. I have worked as a machin-
I ist twenty years. lam fully satisfied that
I protection is better than free trade for me
I in every way. There can never be higher
I wages by reason of free trade. To put it in
I a nutshell, the fact can be briefly and
I truly stated in this way: No protection,
I no higher wages. Wages cannot be raised
I by introducing foreign competition with
I our laborers and mechanics. Yet, that is
I precisely what free trade does. If we
I have protection, then the money question
I will regulate itself. Money will be suf-
I ficiently plenty for all the demands of
H trade and business whenever proper meas-
I ures are taken to provide more work.
I There is a radical difference between pro-
I viding more work and providing to ft
I along with less work. First of all, we
I want to get work, and with enough de-
I mand for labor, skilled and unskilled,
I wages will rise, and every worker can see
I that this is ttie essential thing. The Re-
for labor and better wages. The last
four years furnish a melancholy example of what we may expect from the Democratic
party. The iron trade has eons down in four years. Wages have fallen. I have been
working in the Iron business continually for twenty-three years. What I have seen
of one Democratic Administration an da Dart of another has been enough for me. The
object lesson ought to be enough to convince every wage-earner which way his inter
est lies politically. If he cannot take a lesson from the conditions as th*y now exist,
and as they have been since the Democrats came into power, I can not imagine what
could be brouzht forward that could convince. It hss been a lesson that should appeal
in the most powerful way possible, because it is an appeal to the self-interest of every
roter who wants to do as well as possible. If there is any one who wants lower wages
or lees work, I have not found him."
"Why am I going to vote for Me Kinley?" inquired C. R. Ny, employed as ma
chinist at the California Saw ' Works.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H^^^^^^^^H
"Well, for a good many reasons, and il
think them good enough to give you.
"In the first place, I am somewhat ofH
a traveler, and am well acquainted withl
the condition of the European countries, l
especially France. Workmen there getl
only 5 francs a day for. their labor, ll
speak now of skilled workmen, mecbaniesi
in the highest sense*. .
"It is my firm belief that if the Demo-I
cratic party wins the coming election wel
will hare a condition of affairs prevailingl
here soon similar to what has to be en-l
dured in Europe to-day. But," and Ny'sß
face relaxed in a grim smile, "if the senti-H
ments I bear expressed by the majority of I
laboring men count for anything, thel
Democrats stand a poor show.
"I am unalterably opposed to free sil-l
rer. . In fact, I cannot conceive how any I
thinking man can have the wool pulledl
over his eyes on that proposition at all. l
We don't want free silver, we want work. I
Wages in my line have been redacedßev-H
eral times in the last few years.^^HH^H
"I came of age in 1883, just about the time ot Cleveland's first election. Well for
about six months we had fairly good times, the relic of the Republican administra
tion. In another six months I saw wages drop to almost nothing, and oftentimes
worked only three days a week.
"Why, average earnings during a long period were only' $10 a week, and I was
married and had a wife to support at that. When any man comes to me in the face
of such trouble as that and asks me if I am going to vote tor Bryan I think that man
a fool.
"The only man to tie to, in my opinion, is AloKinley, and I» m going to do it
The Republican party can always be trusted. Its policy is always statesmanlite'
.Protection is the only thing that will ever revive the drooping industries of this coun^
ALL REASONS FAVOR McKINLEY.
TAUGHT BY EXPERIENCE.
NO FREE SILVER.
MILLS CLOSED DOWN.
GEORGE EDWARD HAMMOND i 3i 3 the son of J. W. Hammond of the firm ot
& Hammond, which runs a large
■ nhur:n--mill in this City and also has
■numerous mills throughout the North
■ west. He is a sterling Republican, though
■quite youthful in appearance, and is of
■tbo opinion that the planing-roill industry
■ has been stunted by the policy of the
■ Democratic administration.
"It was about three years ago, only a
■short time after the Democrats took the
■ reins of Government in hand," he said,
■ "that we were obliged to shut down our
■large plan ing-mill at Fort Blakeley. Puget
■sound. A large mill at Bowens Landing,
■llumbolui County, owned by another
■linn, shut do'vn about the same time.
■The cause of it all was lack of protection.
"Every now and then our business re
■qnires me to take a trip through the
■ Northwest. As much as you have heard
■of bard times you would be astonished at
■ the lamentable condition of that section
■of the country. Men are out of work
■everywhere and clamoring for employ-
and silver up there. No, sir; those men want work. They are willing to look out for
the pay afterward. They say on all sides that the causes of the present unfavorable
conditions are lack of protection and the lack of confidence in the Democratic
administration, "^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^h
MEN NEED WORK.
"What men need is work," said Chris Krumbeck, a teamster for Miller & Ham*
mend's planing-mill. "If they have work^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
that is all they ask for. The money willH
keep coming in as long as their hands are^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^[
not idle.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H^^^^^^^|
"I am a Republican and have been one
for thirty years. I have found it the party
of prosperity — the poor man's friend.
Democracy may be all right for the rich
man, but for the laborer it is a good party
to avoid affiliation with.
"Now, this question of finance is made
only to hide the real issue — protection —
for with protection comes prosperity. The
Democrats have had their President for
four years. They lauded him when he
went in, they praised his methods of
handling the different questions that arose
for a time and then came an ominous
silence. It was the lull before the storm.
Since then they have been execrating him
and yet he has only followed out hia
party's policy.
'lin i ill) I lii Hi i mill in ill nil in 1 1 1 iiiinii|^^^MMßMßMßß|MUJ|^J
it frequently happened that the conipara-B
ative vines ot gold and silver fluctuated i n^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l
the money market. Just so; but did any one ever pee a time when the laborer could
not take his dollar to the store and pet his full value for it?
"No, sir. The Republicans are the friends of silver and always have been; but
they do not want to try a financial policy that can end only in disaster. Neither do
I, and so I am going to vote for McKinley."
A SOCIALIST'S IDEAS.
C. BESTHORN is a tool-maker employed at the California Tool and Machine
Furthermore he is a Socialist,
Hbut believes that the safety of the country
Hi" general lies in McKinley's being elected
Ineit November. *
"With free trade pure and simple it would be all up with us. Free silver ii
another misnomer. If the Democrats would only quit tinkering with tariff and finan
cial questions, the country would be far better off, and confidence would be restored.
"The root of the money stringency and all the rest of the crying evils of the day
is lack of confidence. The Democracy is responsible for all this. Serenity and work
for laboring men will come only under a Republican President. We must have him."
FREE SILVER PREMATURE.
"All this free-silver talk Is nothing but rubbish." Thus briefly did John Ham mar,
a coppersmith employed by Sanders & Co.,^H^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
express his views of the question given sol
much prominence by the silver wing ofl
the Democracy.
"Who eve- heard of any talk of freeH
silver when .he Republicans were in of-H
fice?" continued Hani mar. "Everybody!
had work, money was plentiful, peopleH
were satisfied and hard times were a^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^B
dr°am.^^^^^^^^^^^l^^^^H^^^^^^l
''The Democrats, however, secure the
control of the Government, run things on
a free-trade basis, bring us to a pitch where
men cannot tind work no matter how hard
they may want it, and then rise up and
tell us it is all caused by goldbugs on Wall
street.
"It is caused by Cleveland's administra-H
tion— there lies the trouble. When theH
head of this Government taKes a weeK offH
and recruits his tired brain in fishing everyM
time a political crisis comes along how canH
you expect anything else?
"Free-silver men thought by raising aH
hue and cry they would disguise the realß
issue and make the people believe that^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
only in electing Biyan and Sewall lay the salvation of the country. They might hay«
fooled a good many men for a short time, but it did not last long. People are bound
to see through these things sooner or later.
"I am eoing to vote for McKinley and protection. The general sentiment of the
masses is in favor of McKinley. Not because it is McKinley, but because he is re
garded as a man who is wedded to the protective issue, and that is what we must
have." ' " . ;
PROSPEROUS UNDER PROTECTION.
WILLIAM GIMBELL, who is well known, said: "Yes, sir, I have been in thq
1^ of Dodge, Sveeney & Co. for six
■ teen years. I have read and thought a
■j:reat deal over this silver question and
■ protection and have come to this dcci
■ sion, that should this country have free
■ silver my employers could not increase my
■ wages ana I would have to pay much more
■ for the necessities of my family. That
■ settles that. Now, I am satisfied that
■ America was always prosperous under her
■ protective system, so I shall vote for Me-
BKinley, who believes m protection. Say,
■ lent this out of a paper. I think it is a
H 'corker' for protection, and the more you
I publish it the more votes you will make.
HBismavcK sbid it: 'The success of the
I United States in material development ig
Hthe moat illustrious of modern times. The
■ American Nation has not only success*
I fully borne and suppressed the most
H gigantic and expensive war of all history,
H but iinmediciieiy afterward disbanded its
Harmv, fouml work for its soldiers and
1 1 in I'ir ' i | mil nlf iiiiibl nl in ili'lil jmivh
i^ — and homes to all the unemployed of
Europe as fast as they could arrive within the territory, and still by a system of taxa
tion so indirect as not to be perceived, much less felt. Because it is my deliberate
judgment that the prosperity of America is mainly clue to its system of protective
laws I urge that Germany has now reached that point where it is necessary to imitate
the tariff system the United States." •" -
ment."
"Why am I in favor of McKinley—be
cause I am a firm believer in protection,"
he said. "The Socialists are in all proba
bility going to fail in putting up a ticket
in California this year, and as between
the Democratic and Republican parties I
am very much in favor of the latter.
"The Democrats have never given us
anything in the way of good government.
Take all the notable reforms and you can
trace them back to a RetraDiican adminis
tration.
"Protection is what we need. Only
protection can bring business back to its
former condition of prosperity. Free
trade is the most ruinous policy ever
tried. They say we have never had free
trade. It is true — we never have. .But
the nearest we have come to it has been
under a Democratic administration, and
the nearest we ever approached bank
ruptcy was under the same regime.NOW PREPARED
FOR PASSENGERS
Coaches of the Valley-
Road Have Arrived
at Stockton.
WAITING FOR FRESNO.
Passenger Traffic to Be Deferred
Till the Trouble There
Is Settled.
NEW CLASS RATES ISSUED.
The Southern Pacific Company Puts
. Out Its Latest R duced
Tariff.
Everything i 3 now in readiness to begin
passenger traffic on the Valley road, but
this branch of railroading will not be in
augurated, so it is stated by one of the
prominent officials of the road, until en
trance is secured on reasonable conditions
to the terminal property of the company
in the town of Fresno.
otiaiions to this end have been in
progress lor several weeks and at one time
promised to be concluded in short order.
The prospects are now not so good, owing
to a few obdurate property-holders along
the line of the railroad' 9 right of way on
Diana and Q streets. Tbe3e are making
exorbitant claims for alleged damage that
would result to their holdings by reason
of the railroad passing by them.
The rolling-stock for the accommoda
tion of travelers has arrive I at Stockton,
end also cabooses for freight trains. There
are six na^senger coaches, two combina
tion baggage and smoking cars and eight
cabooses in the consignment. The pas
senger coaches are painted a bright yellow
an«l their trimmings are of aluminum.
Although theSoutnern Pacific Company
has been quoting rates in the San Joaquin
Valley ever since the first ot September to
meet the class rates put in Ly the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road Company, its schedules of the re
ouced rates were not ready for distribu
tion until yesterday. Those for points
north of Minturn have already been pub
lished, and herewith are tiven those for
Minium and points south as far as Fresno.
Both old and new rates are presented for
the purpose of showing clearly the reduc
tions effected by the competition of the
Valley road:
BOUTHBRH PACIFIC CLASS RA.TKS.
IK CX.VIS PER lUU POUNDS. IN CENTS PKB 2000 POI'XDS.
_ i
Sax il 21314 SIA I B 1 1 C|D I' E
Fbancsco ; ! ! 1 !
To 2 *. - * -. * z z - v. z a c s< o xI2 ! * 2I S
hit t',% f % .-? 1 r%/-ir\^%Tif\
>linturn._ 4.V 43 44 40 41 36 39 34 1 6')o 53U1580 410 360 320 3101280 290 240
Callfa 50 45 47 42 44 88 4.' 3rt 680 580 '340 530 460i3 40 410 335 H4O 295 340 250
Berpniia... 651 47 501 44 47 40 43 87 760 "85 72015ft5 4901390;45013451350|305|350 260
TuToouT^^T7^T7^?^T7^T?7TnT7^^rT?Tir??!^STTsoD^l7TT^yTJ747sj734s 360 .-joo 36u 260
liaulii.i.l...! Hi! 50 07 47 5U\ 44 44 42 .9'JU 645 8&0 615 530 440' 4HO :-i95 370 355 370 310
Days Spur 651 54 60 51 55 48 51 46 |96 i 705 6J 675 550 470 500 420 390 375,39.) 32)
Herbert... 65 "4 6) 51 65 48 51 46 960i7-»5 960,695 550 470 tOO 4.0 390 375 390 320
Knowles.. 65 54' HO 51 55 4« 51, .46 ) 725 96 I 69."> 550 490 500 445 39U 888 H9O 340
Raymond, j 65 54 65 51 55 48 51 46 9 60 1725 9601695 56U 49J15J0 ,445 390 385 390 340
>laUera 60 1 48
Borden ...I 61 ; 50
Jrrli?osa. . . I B3 53
iierndou. . 65 1 56
Musctiel. 65 59
>*r>8D0...4 6»* 63
57 47 5J
.^^< 60 53
8 54 55
60i :»T
63l 61 58
4 . 47 1 d& iß4o,t>2ojßoo 5<30 510 400 460 .-(55 370 310 370 265
44 48 42 9001660 883 62 1 520 420 470 375 370 325 370 280
46 49 44 920 700 9. '0 660 530 44 i 4Kj 395 »80 31') 380 295
49 ■: 46 960 745 96) Too 550 480 500 425 390 365 390 321)
52 1 51 48 960 765 |980 "JO 560 500 500 450 390 385 390 340
64 1 64 50) 1010 845 JOlo 8)O 581) 64015201475 410 4051410 366
I l
i 2 !
3
4 6 A B C D E
!
•
: ! : : i I I
Btocktox _ B
TO F i
illnturn ..! 40 M
califa.. .. 46 40
B-Tenda . . , 50 .42 \
O 2
JLJL
38 j 35
42 37
I 45 j 39
2 2 j
a. * i
\ <
37 ! 32 :
40 | S«4 •
43 [ 36
0 v, ozoao^csjcss'otzs
— 2 ' ft 8 a 2 & 2 &2 &2
J 5_ _i \ ''' —J. *L - 1 j 1L
'35 30 i 540 470 500 «45 350 300 800 260 230 2-0 230 180
38 32 620 500 580 470 400 320 850 275 280 235 280 190
39 ,33 700 525 660 495 430 -.30 390 286 290 245 200 200
11.11 1.1 bo: 54
Xiiiulton .. 56
Bays Spur 69
Herbert... &9
Knowloa.. 59
Raymond. 69 '
42
45
49
49
49
49
DO
54
67
57
57
67
39~
42
46
46
46
46
I 4.) 3d 44
60 4- 46
i 63 | 44. 4:1
53 144 49 !
53 44 49
68 | 44 . 49
3a
38
42
42
4-'
49
780 02.> 740 l 49j | 4 0 4u(r2K530024^^1002U0
840 .-» > x.O 565 470 380 420J83S 310 295 310 250
900 645 ,900! 61 5 1 490 410 440 360 330 315 330 260
900 665 900 635 490 410 440 3b0!330!315 330 260
9i)o 6«6 9 JO 635 490 430 440 3851330 325 330 '-'SO
900it!651900!6»5J600 430 440 385 330 325 330 280
Mud' r...... 55
Koiden 56
lirißO>a
Herndoii.. 59
Muscatel.. 59
i- resuo t>2
43
45
48
51
54
58 ;
T3^
64
55
57
57
, 60
40
42
n
45
49
52
56
t 49
50
51
53
I 53
66
s8
40
42
45
4H
50
41
46
1 47
49
49 I
62
3 a
38
4
42
44
46
780 suO 740 520 450 340, 4UU 310 260 31U 205
!840! 840 600 81!0 560 46U|360 4101315 310 265 310. .•J0
860 640:810 600 47U 3*-5 420:335 320 280 32 I 235
1900 6851900 640 49«!420 440 365 333 305 330 260
JhOO 900 660 600: 440 | 440 390 330 325 330 280
960 785 1 960 1 740 520 480 460 415 350 340 350 306
These rates are about the same at those
put in by the Valley road, care having been
tfken by the Southern Pacific to make
those at competitive points of the Valley
road the same as are quoted by the latter.
An exception to this course, however, was
taken by the Southern Pacific Company
in quoting second, third and fourth class
rates. In each of these the Southern
Pacific rates are 2 cents per 100 pounds
higher.
Reductions it will be seen from the
foregoing tables have been made by the
Southern Pacific as far as Fresno, though
tue Valley road is operating, so far as
general traffic is concerned, only as far as
Lankership, the station that is in compe
tition with Madera, on the Southern
Pacific. This course was forced upon the
old corporation in order to have a proper
scale of rates between Madera and Fresno,
in view of the great reduction made at
Madera to meet the Valley road schedule.
As soon as the Valley road enters
Fresno, there will be an additional cut m
freight rates to tnat point.
MINISTERS TAKE A REST,
The Congregational Parsons Go
Into Retreat at the Sem
inary.
Presbyterians Discuss the Pros and
Cons for Baptizing All
Children.
There was a great dearth of the usual
ministerial meetings in this City yester
day, owing to various causes. The Con
gregational brethren were in retreat all
day at the Pacific Theological Seminary
in Oakland; several of the Methodist pas
tors assembled, but finding that the ma
jority of their brethren were already on
the wing for conference at Pacific Grove,
tiiey decided to hold no meeting, and the
Christian pastors met yesterday at Stiles
Hall, Berkeley, instead of in the office of
the Pacific Christian, their meeting place
hitherto.
The Presbyterian ministers devote the
f.rst Monday in the month to "quizzing,"
and yesterday four quiz questions were
propounded by Rev. F. A. Doane, who had
been appointed to set the questions going.
The greatest amount of discussion was
given to considering whether the rite of
baptism should or should not be given to
infants, when neither parent is a church
member nor a professing Christian.
Rev. Dr. Stewart, who Jed the discus
sion, was strongly in favor of giving the
rite of baptism, when asked for, to the
children of non-church members; he paid
the Script nres were rather ambiguous on
th» Duint, though, in his belief, tl.ey gave
authority for a liberal featilng on the mat
ter. Rev. Dr. Mcßr de took the opposite
stand. He said that according to the
Presbyterian confession of faith, only
children of members could be baptized.
Pastor Birch made a plea for giving chil
dren their rights. "In these days even
the law is beginning to recognize that
children have a standing of their own, and
have rights, whether the parents are will
ing to grant them their right or not.
Baptism is a privilege to wnich every
child has a right," and the pastor went on
to state that one of the chief reasons for
his having left the Baptist church and
joined the Presbyterian was on this very
point of infant baptism. He believpd the
Almighty to be the father of every child.
Rev. Dr. Mi n ton repudiated any idea of
personal option in the matter. "The
Vresbyterian churcli teaches that a child
must be born of church members in order
to be baptized. Baptism stands for some
thing which is inherited and I do not be
lieve in cheapening it."
The other quiz questions dealt with the
problem of whether individual cups or
common cups should be used for the
Lord's supper and whether the use of wine
or tobacco by tha minister lessens his in
fluence for good. The prevailing opinion
was that ministers should not smoke or
drink.
GIFT TO A PRIEST.
Father Greencovicb ia Presented With
a Gold Cross by His
Parishioners.
On Sunday Father GreencoVich, arch
priest of the Greek Catholic church of this
City, was presented with a beautiful gold
cross on behalf ot his Orthodox parishion
ers. The presentation was made by the fol
lowing committee: Isidor P. Povarchuk,
Marks Tasovatz, Michael Balich, George
P. Izikoores.
i .uher Greencovich replied to the ad
dreaaes, tnanking the donors and the
numbers of the cuurch for their treat
ment.
INFLUENCE OF WYOMING
The Way It Affected the
Suffrage Movement in
Colorado.
Address by Mrs. C. Chapman Catts, the
National Organizer — Grand Rally
Next Thursday Night.
At the meeting of the California Suffrage
Association, held yesterday afternoon in
Golden Gate Hall, there was a large at
tendance of ladies who had assembled to
listen to Mrs. Chapman Catts of New
York, the National organizer of the
Woman's Suffrage Association.
Mrs. Catts' address yesterday was on the
work done in Colorado and how it had
been influenced by the action of Wyoming
on t: c woman suffrage question. She
spoke of the early efforts of the woman
suffragists in Wyoming in 1870, and then
told of what was done twenty years later
and of the final triumph of the cause fol
lowed by the influence that triumph had
in the effort to obtain the enfranchisement
of women in Colorado. She then told of
the efforts of the English brewery syndi
cate of Denver, Colo., to defeat the move
| raent for woman suffrage, and when that
I became known it brought an unusual
number of friends to the woman's cause.
SLe declared that she felt that California
and Idaho would grant the right of fran
chise to women this fall, and that it hav
ing been granted, in 1902 every State and
Territory would place woman on the plane
I on which she is by right destined to stand.
Tnat accomplished, the women she said
would then be in a position to uplift hu
manity and make a better world. The
movement which is now going on in the
United States, she declared, would not
only benefit American women, but would
eventually benefit all the women of the
j world. She urj;ed upon all present to do
what they can lor the cause and they will
be rewarded by obtaining the right to vote
as fully as the men.
It was announced that Mrs. Catts will
speak on Thursday niehc in Metropolitan
Hall, when she will be introduced to a
lar_-e audience. She will also speak in
various parts of the State between now
I and November.
The Rev. Anna Shaw made a few re
marks eulogizing Mrs. Catts in her work,
and declared that when Miss Anthony
heard of Mrs. Catts' arrival she exclaimed :
"Ten thousand tons have been lifted off
my shoulders." The speaker spoke en
couragingly of the prospects for carrying
the amendment in this State and said that
advices from San Diego and Ukiah are all
right for woman suffrage in November.
Miss Sarah M. Severance made a few re
marKß, after which Mrs. Hay called upon
all to volunteer to talk to every man who
nas a vote to convert him to the woman
suffrage cause.
The meeting closed with a brief address
by Mrs. A. A. Sargent.
SUFFRAGE RALLY.
Great Preparations for a Monster
Mass- Meeting About
Completed.
Preparations for the grand woman suf
frage mass-meeting on Thursday night at
Metropolitan Temple are about completed.
The event promises to be.most interesting,
and will be, so to speak, the opening of
the woman suffrage campaign, as it is to
give the signal for the opening of the
precinct meetings all over the City and
State. The programme includes addresses
by the foremost orators of th« various
political parties, interspersed with musi
cal selections of a high order
"We intend," remarked Mrs. Nellie
Holbrook-Blinn, yesterday, '-to beat any
thing . that the men have yet been able to
do in the way of a meeting; and we have
taken effective measures to make our open
me rally come up to our expectations."
: The Mission Suffrage Club will hold its
regular meeting ibis afternoon in Masonic
Hall, corner of Valencia and Sixteenth
streets.
• ■ » ♦ ■» . . ..
Bobrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. 15 Gram avenue. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
"ALL ABOARD
FOR STOCKTON!"
Native Sons Will Parade
Down Market Street
To-Night.
FLOWER OF THE STATE
Amid Blare of Trumpets and in
Natty Uniforms the Parlors
Will Embark.
SOME WHO ARE GOING.
River Excursion by Mission Parlor on
the Steamer T. C. Walker.
The Pacifies.
This evening, at 6:30, twenty-one par
lors of Native Sons, numbering about 2000
young men, will assemble at their fine
MAJOR GUS G. GRANT, Chairman of the Admission Day
Carnival Committee at Stockton.
hall, on Mason street, near Geary, and at
7:15 they will march down to the Oakland
ferry. It will be a grand spectacle, that
parade composed of the flower of Califor
nia youth. Promptly at 8 o'clock they
will leave the City to board the special at
the mole for Stockton.
This is tne programme of the main body, i
but several of the Oakland and Alameda j
parlors will leave by a special which starts '
at 3:30 this afternoon. Mission Parlor of |
this City has chartered the river steamer i
T. C. "Walker, which will leave San Fran- j
Cisco at 8:30 o'clock this evening.
Mission Parlor takes along with them
the Golden Gate military band of
twenty pieces, the Fruitvale Mandolin
Club and a local quartet. They will have
a grand spread on the road up, and the
committee has also arranged so as to have
a central position In the slough at Stock- .
ton to witness the Water Carnival. The ,
parlor is limited to 300 passengers. All the |
tickets and berths have been sold, and no !
visitors* will be allowed on the boat at |
Stockton during the Water Carnival. Mis
sion Parlor's band will give a grand even
ing concert, and refreshments will be
served.
The parlor will have a liberal supply of
fireworks, have decorated theT. C. Walker
very prettily aDd tastily, and there is no
doubt that one of the special features on
the night of the 9th in the Stockton
81ough will be the grand electrical display
that Mission Parlor will make from her
boat. No expense has been spared and
something like $1000 will have been ex
pended to make the celebration a aeclded
success.
The uniform adopted by the parlor will
be a light Fedora hat, light uegligee shirt,
blue necktie, yellow belt, dark trousers
and a parasol to keep off the hot sun.
Pacific Parlor will be very much in evi
dence at Stockton. The tiery cross has
been sent out, and there will be a mighty
gathering of the clansmen at new Pioneer
Hall, the headquarters of the parlor at
Stockton. To surve as a foil to the beauty
of the individual members of the parlor
Oro Fino Parior No. 9, N. D. G. W., will
accompany them. The young ladles of
that parlor, with rare taste, have arranged
to garb themselves in snowy white, which
is intended to be emblematical of the im
maculate purity and innocence of the
members of Pacific.
The parlor has arranged some floats that
will be a feature of the procession, and
that will not fail to attract attention.
Judge Groezinger will appear as the star
eyed Goddess ot Justice in a tableau in
which, with the traditional scales, he will
do his grand balancing act. C. Juridious
Haggerty and Marcellus Aurelius Dorn
will assist at holding the scales aloft. J.
Ancient Steinbach, who prides himself
upon being the first white child born in
captivity, and is looked up to as the oldest
Native Son. has consented to appear in the
float, "California as it was in the fall of '49
and spring of '50."
A. Aristophanes Borlini. the mascot of
Pacific Parlor, will be a feature of the pro
cesßion. In the float "Cleopatra" he will
represent Egypt's ill-starred Queen. The
scene will be one of Oriental splendor and
grandeur.
W. Hyacinthe Hazell, F. Übiquitous
Neville, J. Exquisite Manning, H. Fas
tidious Dederky and J. Objector Kropp,
by special request of Oro Fino Parlor,
N. D. G. W., have been assigned to them
for duty.
J. Tarantula Greany and J. Kathode
Hawkins, by unanimous consent, have
been delegated to attend to the parlors'
canteen.
A committee of twenty-five has been ap
pointed to see that they do not overdo
their duties.
Judge B, Vernacular Costello, the Ches
terfield of the parlor, will be on hand with
his smile, but minus his whiskers. The
Judge is a great favorite wiih the ladies,
and at every 9th ol September celebration
makes numerous conquests. This year he
will have a lively opponent in the person
of F. Walkover bmith, whose consum
mate skill in the act oi doing the agreeable
is of more than local repute. To the hand
somest man of the parlor has been dele
gated the honor of leading Oro Fino and
Pacific in the parade, and the prouii and
manly bearing of Erasuxs Lycurgus Fos
ter, when waving aloft his gayly colored
baton, will be the most stricinc; feature in
the second division.
Next in importance and in the hearts of
Oro Pino Parlor is Daniel-in-the-llon'a-den
Fitzgerald, whose nora de guerre of
"Papa is one to conjure with, and whose
fatherly care of the girls is a noted char
acteristic. . - •
And there is Judge John A. Carroll,
whose pet name of "Marie" is reminiscent
of many a moonlight 'walk and visit to
the old fandango at San Luis Obispo.
John J. Dunn Jr., manager of the chorus
in "Sinhad the Sailor," otherwise known
as the "Boy Orator of the Flat," is to act
as assistant to the worthy marshal at the
banquet to be held at the Pacific's head
quarters on the evening of the Bth. The
'boy orator" is to respond to the toast of
the "Spellbinders."
"Carmencita" Cunningham, Pacific's
worthy president, has volunteered to pilot
the members in Stockton to "Shrine 106."
On the whole, Pacific has made extensive
arrangements to entertain ail its friends
and guests at its headquarters.
The following official order has been
issued:
The line of march will be down Mason street
to Market and along Market street to the ferry.
Advance— of mounted police, com
posed of Native Sous, in command ot a Native
Son.
Grand Marshal Dr. George K. Van Orden
(red, white and bine sash), Chief of Staff Wil
liam F. Ambrose (white sash), Assistant Chief
of Staff W. B. Owens (blue sash).
Aids to the grand marshal (blue sashes)—
J. O. Gantner, Walter E. McCreery, J. P. Spaar,
J. C. Freese. F. G. Norman Jr., George T. Rey
nolds, J. J. Jamison. L. Fiahbeck, C. H.
Mitchell. J. C. Ohlandt, O. Ferguson, T. J.
Bridges, William J. Speckman, J. C.Clement.
Headquarters of the grand marshal during
formation of divisions will be in front of the
Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street.
First division— Stern, marshal; assist
ant marshals, J. F. Dryer and R. C. Kelly;
grand officers N. S. G. W.; Blanchard's mili
tary band; California Parlor No. 1; Pacific
Parlor No. 10; Golden Gate Parlor No. 29. Al
catraz Parlor No. 145; South £an Francisco
Parlor No. 157. . .. . t
Second division— Marshal. T. C. Pistoles! ;
assistant marshals, N. Nathan and A. B. Lane;
Sequoia Parlor band ; Sequoia Parlor No. 160;
Alcalde Parlor No. 154; San Francisco Parlor
No. 49; Olympus Parlor No. 189; Presidio
Parlor No. 194.
Third division— Marshal. D. J. Ellis; assist
ant marshals, A. P. Burkhardt and GL F. Mc-
Carthy; Nation Parlor No. 118; Columbia
Parlor No. 121; Rincou Parlor No. 72; Hes
perian Parlor No. 172; Bay City Parlor No.
104-
Fourth division— Marshal, Judge G. C. Groex
inger; assistant marshals, J. F. Syden and J.
N. Bonney; Golden Gate Military Band; Mis
sion Parlor No. 38; Precita Parlor No. 137;
Stanford Parlor No. 7«>; Niantlc Parlor No.
105; El Dorado Parlor No. 152.
Formation of divisions — First division will
form on Post street, between Mason and
Powell, right resting on Mason street, facing
VPSt.
Second division will form on Post street, be
tween Mason and Taylor, right resting oa Ma
son street, facing east.
Third division will form on Geary street, be
tween Mason and Powell, right resting on
Mason street, facing went.
Fourth division will form on Geary street,
between Mason and Taylor, right resting on
Maaon street, facing ea?t.
Division marshals will report to the grand
The Burglar at the Bella Vista and the Fire-Escape That He
Climbed*
marshal as soon as their respective divisions
are formed.
The parade will start at 7:15 sharp.
G. N. Van Orden. Grand Marshal.
Grizzly Parlor No. 1, Junior N. S. G.
W., has decided to parade in Stockton on
the 9th. At tne meeting last evening the
following uniform was adopted: AV bite
golf caps with large yellow button, dark
coat, white duck trousers, tan shoes and
leather belt. This is the first attempt to
raise a junior parlor, and it has a large
number of members. It is the baby par
lor, as it has only been organized three
weeks. _______________
New and beautiful tints In tissue paper and
silk shades are here. Banborn, Vail A Co. * :
• — ♦— • .
Off the northeast coast of New Guinea
the island of Kitaba, surrounded by ' a
wall of coral 300 feet high on the outside
and from 50 to 100 feet on the inside, main
tains thirteen villages of natives, to whom
war, crime and poverty have been un
known since the beginning of their tra
ditions. .
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
BULLETS FIRED
AT A BURGLAR
He Was Caught in a Room
in the Bella Vista
Hotel.
USED THE FIRE ESCAPE.
The Occupants, Mr. and Mrs.
John Gillig, Awoke and
Called for Police.
LIVELY CHASE AND CAPTURE.
The Burglar Is a Sailor Who Arrived
Here Last June ia the Ship
Doon.
The fire-escape climber has apparently
taken the place of the porch-climber, as
several burglaries have recently been com
mitted in hotels, the mode of entrance to
the rooms being by the fire-escape.
F. Thurgur, a sailor, between 3 and 4
o'clock yesterday morning, while passing
the Bella Vista Hotel, Taylor and Pine
streets, saw a window open on the second
story on the Taylor-street side, next the
fire-escape. The temptation was too
strong to be resisted and Thureur climbed
up the water-pipe to the first story and I
got on to the fire-escape. He soon reached
the open window and was entering the
room when the occupants, Mr. and Mrs.
John Gillig, awoke.
Mrs. Gillig screamed and Mr. Gillig
jumped out of bed and shouted for the j
police. Thurgur did not show tight, but |
got out of the window as quickly as possi- j
ble, slid down the fire-escape and dropped j
to the sidewalk. Mr. Gillig followed him j
as far as the bottom of the fire-escape, but
did not care to take the jump in his bare
leet. and as the night air was cold he re
treated to his room.
Policeman Eueene R. Wall happened to
be walking along Pine street near Taylor
and heard Gillig's cries for the police. He
*:ot to the corner in time to see Thurgur
drop to the sidewalk from the fire-escape.
Wall called upon Thurgur to stop, but the
sailor paid no attention to him and ran
toward Bush street. Wall pursued him ]
and fired two shots at the ground as he ran !
to intimidate Thurgur, but they only
made him increase his speed.
As Thurgur turned the corner of Bush
street Wall took aim at him but missed
him. Thurgur began to think it was get
ting too uncomfortable for him and he
jumped over the gate leading to the Den
man Grammar School aad crouched
among the trees. Wall climbed over the j
sate after him and soon caught him in his
hiding place. Thurgur offered no resist
ance.
Wall took him to the City Prison and
booked him on the charge of burglary. !
When searched a silver dollar and two j
nickels were the only things found in his
pockew. -
Thurgur came here last June on the
ship Doon, from the Clyde, Scotland. "I
left the ship," he said, "on her arrival,
"and since then have been trying to get
work along the water front, but was not
very successful.
4 I am a native of Edinburgh, 31 years
of age, and have been fourteen years at
sea, the first ten in the British navy. A
sailor's life on a merchantman is not a
pleasant one, and I got tired of it. lam
a married man and have a wife and fam
ily in Edinburgh.
"When I saw the open window I could
not resist the temptation to climb into the
room, as I was hard up in a strange town
without friends or any chance of getting
employment. I had no pistol with me
i ami no burglars' tools. As soon as the
man jumped out of bed I made my escape
through tne window, as I did not want to
•be caught. I will plead guiitv and throw
I myself upon the mercy of the court.
"No, I have not committed any other
burglaries by climbing the lire-escape or
any other way. This was my first at
tempt and I have been caught. As soon
as I get out I will go back to sea."
The police know nothing about Thurgur
and the probability is that he is telling
the truth.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Four Parlors to Participate In the
Great Demonstration at
Stockton.
OAKLAND, Cal,, Sept. 7.— This city is
to be represented in the great demonstra
tion at Stockton Wednesday by four uni
formed parlors of Native Sons of the
Golden West and one parlor of Native
Daughters. The party will leave the foot
of Broadway on a special train at 4:30
o'clock, and expects to arrive in the
Slough City at 7 o'clock. The same train
will carry the Fifth Regiment Infantry
band, U. S. A., as guests of Oakland
Parlor. mU
Athens Parlor No. 195 was organized
since the last celebration, although as the
"baby parlor" took part in the parade at
Sacramento. Their costume this year will
consist of white duck coat and "trousers,
with blue silk vestlet and white duck cap.
The members will also wear with these a
white shirt, poppy-colored tie snd tan
shoes and carry a white parasol with
poppy ribbon streamers attached, bearing
the name "Athens" stamped on the same.
The badge to be worn will also be poppy
color and is very attractive.
Piedmont Parlor No. 120 will be uni
formed in white duck suits, with a black
braid down the outside seams of the
pantaloons. They will wear white straw
hats, carry white parasols and have Nile
green badges. Headquarters will be estab
lished in Turn Verein Hall on arrival and
open house kept to all visitors.
As their guests on this occasion Pied
mont Parlor No. 87. N. D. G. W., will ac
company them and participate in the
parade. They will all dress in white and
have trimming of yellow and wear ■white
straw hats and carry white parasols.
Brooklyn Parlor No. 151 will not go on
the special train .with the other delega
tions, but have secured the steamer Hettie
B and will start from the FranKlin-street
wharf at 9 a. m. Tuesday, arriving in
Stockton about midnight, and returning
will leave Thursday morning about 1
o'clock.
Oakland Parlor No, 50 will be hear.d
from at all times, as they are the ones who
will take the band, and will give the con
cert and ball while in StooKton. The
members of the parlor will be uniformed
with black coat and trousers, white vest,
black tie, straw hat, white canvas shoes,
orange cane, a purpie badge with gold let
tering and black tie. They expect seventy
five or a hundred members to paiticipate
in the parade. Headquarters will be at
Music Hall.
Dr. J. H. P. Dunn of Oakland Parlor has
been appointed an aid to the prand mar
shal and N. H. Gard an aid to the marshal
of the fourth division. J. B. Donnelly of
Piedmont Parlor las been selected as an
aid to the marshal of the ninth division.
NEW TO-DAT.
• ifr^TV borden'S o
I g^=p^_j PEERLESS ii
<► feitoT" l^'^! BSAND $
! ! Wl&Sft&Fft EVAPOSATED J
I JfoiS3tf?s CREAM !;
4 * §yp^Ev»pci^ I Equaled by None. < >
' ' *9r!«£issf2iAl4t^/ PREPARED by ' J
( I vv^wutjso^/ New York Condensed %
g — —s^ ■ Milk Co. \\
<V^RS FA//. c^
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
i Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
.and Women. >
'. Disease* of- young', middle,
signed and old men which weaken
tlie body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glrmds, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
| practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and
; Blood. If yon have a dizziness of the
; head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. Yon
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Disease*
of Women scientifically treated and
invarianiv cured.
XII POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
You can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address
[13 F L SWFANY 737 Market St.
Ull. F. L. Oil L HI! I, San Francisco, Cal.
— —
— ENOUGH —
For all if it is circulated. The way to
circulate money in California is to patron-
ize California industries.
As a worthy beginning take
*TtSas&|*
N.B.
I MARK I
SHIRTS.
And none others.
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS.
112 Golden Gate Aye.. 8. F.
• TOON BED*, 1
pi , " 1' '*~ brass BED*. '
<**" .~ /■ , FOLDING BEDS 1
■Wire and H*ir Ma>
tresses, .Keel Inla:
.... Cbalrs, Wheel Ch»lri,
T I• . ' Commode*, Uaelc Udj:i
L J- ' 1 flJlfnif W*• SCHBOC«i
■■■■S. * fa *jJi'l Lit . New Montgomery
W . *>»-i . nL^f m., under oraul
! ■ ■■■-■ ; ~^ Hotel, !S. JB". •
Baja California
Dam Bitters
' ■! r a powerful apbrodtstac an<l gpcclfla toaio for t*>
iexual and urinary orgaaa of both sexeu, aal »
treat remedy for diseases ot the kidney* and Wai-
Her. ▲ gntH, Keitorativa, Invigoratora.ua Mervlaa,
fc*lls on its own Menu— un Umg-wiiMl*} Mitt*
JamiiaU necessary- ••• • . ' - ■ • :.-.■■■•
| NABKB, AJL.F3 * BKINK, Aenatl.
. 333 aiarkut St., s». I'.-^euU tor Circular)
*iTfc"* Tt^rßHTMrtflrirffiy'j>Pißß»7a«rini>iirh'M<'li * mjil ■ m ■intfciiiir ■ « "1 i it ■ . i ii '' . £
new TO-DATJ
"bazaar*
do you
READ?
■BOOKS!!
__________________________________
flftth Knnnd a 26 Titles 18c
UOlll J>Ulina 200 Titles, Gilt top ....35c
_ , . 150 Titles for boys & girls..
lOPUlar and Titles by Popular Au-
-1 ; thors for boys and Klrls 50c
Sltnndir/l 200 Titles. Poetry, Fiction.
MiimiillU History and Biography.. ..4sc
1 llth Arc i 175 Selected Titles, best
iiULIIOrS.  authors 9Oc
I : Prescott's Con quest of Mex-
| ico 90c
PAPI : I JR. Pf escott's Conquest of Peru 90c
lVltb.-llfa Prescotfs Ferdinand and
OVA! Isabel!* 90c
-■IVLl'inlj I,ps Miserable* fl 35
Crrro ■ ■ , Count Monte Crlsto $1 35
iMjliJ French Revolution $135
Wandering Jew $1 40
. Mysteries of Paris $1 40
I Cooper's Leather Stocking
Tales and Sea Tales, 6
volumes each SI 25
STANDARD Mac . au . la . y . I . 8 . i B ! a . nd :. s Z%\ 35
E1i0t. "*.".*.'..".*..".. "."."e* vol. ?1 90
v. - Irving 6 vol. «2 10
CRTS jiJibbon's Rome 5 vol. $2 35
°" 1 » 3 1 Thackeray' 10 vol. $3 85
Scott 12 vol. $4 »5
Lytton 13 vol. $4 60
j Dickens 16 vol. $4 50
SPECIALSILK Publisher's Price $2.50
Tooo b oqr" Our Price 93c.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Liverpool & London & Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and tor the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions, of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank tarnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up in
cash 228. 200 00
- ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company .... 5,797,564 sa
Loans on bonds ana mortgages .... 8,348,067 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 29,116,018 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and o:her market-
able securities as collateral 2,818,431 54
Casbin banks. 3,165,700 40
Interest doe and accrued on all!
stocks and loans ( 426 510 75
Interest due and accrued on bonds f **o,oiv 70
and mortgages j
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 1,540,77402
Rents due and accrued 1,745 27
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. i 1,106 94
Annuities, life and reversionary in-
terests purchased by the com-
pany 1,832,896 31
Total assets $53,047,816 69
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid "]
Losses in process of adjustment
orinsuspense ]■ $728,08500
Losses resisted, including ex- |
Gross premium's on tire risks run-
Grofs premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $5,842,-
-022 75; reinsurance 50 per cent . 2,921,011
Gross premiums on lire risKs run-
ning more than one year, 34,576,-
-000 71; reinsurance pro rata 2,353,10183
Amount reclaimable by the insured ,
on perpetual tire insurance pol-
icies 331,21581
Liability under life department.... 29,334,740 09
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14,056 00
All other demands agalusi the
company.. 849.733 02.
Total liabilities 536.631.94-/h3
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $8,015,492 21
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 944,663 46
To. Income $8,980,155 87
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $4,391,258 42
Dividends to stockholders 1,283,829 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 1,208,977 52
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerk s, etc.... 61 6,707 12
Paid for state, National and local
taxes. 151,610 79
All other payments and expendi-
tures 602,079 90
—
Total expenditures „ $8,254,462 75
FIRE.
Losses Incurred daring the year — $4,891,258 43
BISKS AM) PREMIUMS.
~ Fire Risk*. Premiums. ~
Net amount of risks
written during!
the year $2,289,415,250; $11,334,640 93
Net amount of risks l
expired during
the year 2,344,242,285 11,374,256
Net amouut in
force December
31,1895... 2,027,508,105 10,418,023 46
.1. M. DOTS, Manager.
T. I. AL.HOP, Hub-Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day
of April, 1896. W. J. BUXOM,
Viet' and Deputy United States Consul at Liverpool.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
No. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL,.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Manager,
HuTuCVnn^re Taroat, Pimples, Copperß
_UlA!f_ IUU colored Bpotu, Ache*, Old Sores, S
Jlcera in Mouth, Hair-Kalllng! Write COOK 9
X HEMEDX CO., 8O? 12a«onlc Temple, &
j&aChtcnx9, 111., (or proofs of cures. Cupl-
& tul, $500,000. Worst cases cured in 16 g
$S* to 8C day*. 100-p»»B booh. <Veg. i
COSMOPOLiIT _-»_»'.
! Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., Mao
; Francisco, Cal. —The moat select family hotel In
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 60 per
! day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms 50a
| ami 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach ' bearing the name of the (Jo*-
! mopolitaa Uotet W&L i' auk v, Proprietor,
910
ROGERS MADE A
STRIDENT ROAR
Taxed Chairman Wardall
With Having Done
Him Up.
UNWILLING TO RESIGN.
Cator Engineered the Fusion and
Held the Whip Over the
Populists.
WAKDALL'S POLITICAL GRAFT.
He May Be Collector of the Port at
Wilmington — Dore for Post
master of Fresno.
J. Taylor Rogers, clerk of Mayor Sutro,
and nnbeloved of the octopus, was white
hot last Sunday night when he learned
that Chairman Wardall had announced
to the fusion conference committee that
he, Rogers, was witling to have his with
drawal acted upon if A. B. Kinne should
be made the nominee for Congress from
the Fifth District m his stead.
Mr. Rogers had sat in the anteroom of I
the silver headquarters all Sunday even
ing very disconsolate, awaiting the action
of the committee. According to the deal
that was made he Bhould have been ac- j
cepted as the fusion candidate, and would I
have been had lie not been betrayed by
those who should have been his political j
friends. But the octopus does many cruel 1
things, and this was not the first time that
friends have been made to cut the political \
throats of friends to serve the interests of j
that implacable corporation.
It was not until John W. Mitchell of '
Los Angeles emerged from the inner room j
and announced that A. B. Kinne, a mem- !
ber of the conference committee, had been
chosen in place of Mr. Rogers that the
victim realized the treachery that had un
done him.
When he inquired about it he learned |
that Chairman Wardall had made the j
announcement already mentioned. When
the People's party State Committee as
sembled in secret session at 4 o'clock yes- j
terday afternoon, Mr. Rogers was there j
with a very stern look on his face. When
the doors were closed and the transom was
shut down, so that the reporters who were
cooling their heels in the corridor could
not hear any of the acrimonious and dis
cordant strains issuing from within, Mr.
Rogers taxed Chairman Wardall with
having uttered the thing that was not.
"I never told you that I would wilh
DESTRUCTION OF BUILDINGS ON PACIFIC STREET, CHINATOWN.
draw in favor of Mr. Kinne," said Mr.
Rogers. "I never told you anything of tne
kind."
"Didn't you?" inquired the chairman,
with a bewildered air.
"No, I didn't," said Mr. Rogers.
'•Well, somebody told me bo," was the
chairman's explanation.
Then George W. Monteith, the regularly
nominated People's party candidate for
Congress from the First District, ad
dressed the committee, and offered to j
withdraw absolutely from the contest if
the committee would replace Mr. Rogers
on the ticket as the Populist candidate
from the Fifth District.
To Doth his and Mr. Rogers' surprise
the offer was rejected with but scant cour
tesy. Mr. Cator did not think favorably
of me proposition, and as the committee, ■
and in fact the whole party, have been in j
the habit of sitting at Mr. Cator's feet |
drinking in the words of wisdom that fell 1
from his lips, what Mr. Cator thought was I
a go and what Mr. Cator didn't think was I
no go. As Mr. Cator didn't think that it 1
would be expedient to reopen the whole
fusitm matter of course it didn't go.
Cator is reported to have been in charge
oi the People's party programme at ttie
State Convention in Sacramento, at the
National Convention in St. Louis where
he ably assisted the Democrats in whoop
ing up the Populists for Bryan, and dur
ing all the proceedings which terminated
last Sunday night in discord and no fu
sion.
Another prominent member of the com
mittee is John S. Dore, who is said to be
the most popular People's party man in
the San Joaquin Valley and whose word
is law to the Populists of Fresno County.
His friends declare that virtue snail have
us reward, and that he must be the next
postmaster of the city of Fresno.
Chairman Wardall's friends are demand
ing for him the anpointiai'Dt as Collector
of the Port"at;Wilmington. Not just now, j
01 course, becaustj Mr. Wardall is in no
borrr, but if Willuun J. Bryan Le elected,
which, after all, may be a ve*v long wait !
even for a man as patieDt as is Mr. War
dall.
After these little matters had been die- '
posed of the committee discussed the fu
sion report. It was evident that every
thing was harmonious and satisfactory,
for the discussion occupied only two hours
and a half.
The report was adopted by a majority
vote, after which some one moved that the
vote should be made unanimous, which
was done.
Then they walked forth into the night
with joy and harmony and that peace
which passeth all understanding rankling
in their bosoms.
Mr. Monteith declares that he will re
main in the field. He has been nominated
regularly by a regular party convention,
and his place has never become vacant. For
that reason the Secretary of State will be
obliged to put his name on the ticket.
Mr. Monteith said to a Call reporier last
nisrht that the scheme for Congressional
fusion was a crafty plan of the octopus.
"The so-called fusion has enabled the
Southern Pacific Company to win five out
of seven Congressional districts," he
added, "if that scheme can succeed. As
between the Republican candidate. Mr.
Barham, and myself, the octopus had no
choice, for it cannot dictate to either of us,
and iv that district it became necessary to
find S' me one upon whom they could cen
ter their forces. They dared not put up a
pronounced railroad man, and so tney
adopted the pian of taking up a man
whose position upon that matter was not
known to the public.
"In the Second District the octopus was
interested in defeating the force arrayed
against Grove L. Johnson in order that he
might be returned to Congress. In the
Third District it was necessary to find
someone to defeat Hilborn, one who could
be depended upon to give that company
what they call 'fair treatment.' Vann was
a man of too much strength of character
to taKe any chances on. In the Fifth Dis
trict the advent of Taylor Rogers awak
ened the railroad's keenest apprehensions
and he was removed for some one less ob
jectionable.
"Having fixed *these districts to their
liking, they were enabled to devote all
their attention to the Fourth, where they
expect to defeat Judge Maguire at the
polls. The Populists on the committee
were very deftly made the catspaws of the
octopus in the fulfillment of its desires.
"Thus in the Fifth District they beat
Rogers on the ground that he was an
A. P. A. Then they beat Barry on the
ground that he was opposed to tne A. P. A.,
and then capped the climax by nomina
ting an A. P. A. in Rogers' place. This
showed conclusively that that question
cut no figure in the calculations at all.
Mr. Rogers is not an A. P. A., for he with
drew from that order some time ago. On
top of that the railroad people knew that
the election of Rogers, in view of the fact
that be was Mayor Sutro's clerk, would be
a hard thing to explain when they should
try to pass the funding bill next winter.
"I still stood by the proposition that I
made, and that is if they replace Mr.
Rogers on the ticket they can have my
resignation in five minutes.
"The fact of the matter is that the Poo
ulists have gotten the skim milk and the
railroad, as usual, has taken all the cream,
and l am not sure that they won't get a
good share of theskini milk too."
Some unkind criticisms have been made
against George W. Baker of the Bimetallic
League because he sat in the inner room
within earshot of the delegations of the
fusion conference committee last Saturday
nifjht. As a fitting and dignined rebuke
to those wicked criticisms Mr. Baker sat
out in the ante-room with Bob McKilli
can. Marshal Barry Baldwin and the rest
of the boys on Sunday night and did not
allow his presence to give rise to any sus
picion tnat he desired to influence or in
timidate the committee in any way.
Fell and Broke Her Noae.
Mrs. Mary Doyle, a stout old woman living at
327 Brannan street, paid a visit to some
fr ends at 2 Federal street last night. While
leaving aoout 9 o'ciock she missed her footing
at the top of the front steps, about fifteen in
number, ana fell to the bottom, striking unon
her face. Her nose was smashed into pulp
and was flattened on her face, while her fore
head was lacerated. She was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital and l)r. Fitzgibboa attended
to her injuries.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAEI,, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
IN PASSAGES
DARK AND DREARY
Members of the Board of
Health Visit China
town.
BUILDINGS TORN DOWN.
A Dismal Labyrinth Discovered
Underground in Brooklyn
Place.
THE HOME OF FISHERMEN.
Throngs Visit the Scene of Demolition
and Gaze on the Site of
House 9999.
Dr. Lovelace and Secretary Godchaux of
the Board of Health spent Sunday in the
malodorous atmosphere of Chinatown,
viewing the wreckage of the buildines
they had caused to be torn down, and in
cidentally taking observations with a view
to having other pestilential hovels con
demned.
It was intended that all the rookeries on
Dupont street, adjoining the old Globe
Hotel, should be razed yesterday morn
ing, but injunctions were served upon
j Secretary Godchaux, prohibiting the work
lof demolition on the houses numbered
1009, 1011 and 1013, owned by P. Marsi
cana. The injunction proceedings will be
i heard before Judge Murphy on the 14th
inst In the meantime, next Monday, the
injunction suits brought by Frank J. Sul
livan will be heard in the United States
courts, where it is probable the disagree
ment between landlords and the Board of
Health will be adjusted.
The different shanties torn down yester
day were previously photographed by R.
J. Waters, under instructions from Dr.
Lovelace, who wishes the camera's evi
dence as to how the places looked should
damage suits incur. These pictures, no
matter how perfect, will never carry to a
jury a correct understanding or apprecia
tion of the nuisances that are bein ••
abated, for that pungent, putrid ana pes
tiferous stench everywhere surrounding
the dirty dens, although thick«enough as
it were to be cut with a knife, can hardly
be photographed.
The earJy morning's work was in Brook
lyn alley, where some shanties were torn
down last Saturday. The fire laddies, who
are sworn in as Deputy Health Inspectors,
oent their backs and their energies as well
as plied their axes to demolishing the den
owned by B. Brignoli. The place looked
like a woodyard, in the center of which
house 10 was located. It almost, seemed a
Pity to tear the thing down. Surely it
looked as if the old ramshackle affair
would fall by itself if left alone.
The house was u?ed as a lodging for
Chinese fishermen, scores of them finding
bunkroom in a space hardly ample for
only two. But, the building "being razed
i the underground labyrinths were uncov
ered, showing where, in dirty, dingy
passageways, reeking with filth, and with
absolutely no sewerage, bunks for forty
individuals were provided.
About 11 o'clock yesterday morning
Sergeant Holmes was notified that there
was something in the nature of a riot go
ing on iii Chinatown. He sent his men to
the scene, and found five score or more
little urchins demolishing the houses
numbered 708 to 714 inclusive, on Pacific
street. The little fellows were after fire
wood, and the Board of Health sign being
on the premises they believed themselves
at liberty to tear the places down at their
leisure. These condemned pieces be
longed to one Wilson, who is away, and he
has not yet been served legally with a
notification to vacate. But his tenants
were so notified. Still Wilson's agent here
threatens lawsuits galore.
While the work of destruction was
going on the health inspectors dropped
into the basement at 705 Pacific street. It
is a second-hand shop and junkstore in
which a half-dozen Chinese urchins work.
There is an onen sewer running through
this cellar, capable of diffusing every
known species of disease. This foul reser
voir is the receptacle for much of the filth
of the entire block. The inspectors will
recommend the condemnation of the
place.
The old landmark where stood the house
numbered "9999," near Stockton street on
Pacific, was visited by hundreds of people
and curiosity-seekers yesterday and Sun
day. There is nothing left now of that
historical building but a few broken
boards.
Milk Inspector J. P. Dockery and Ben
Davis, who have been two of the hardest
workers during these Chinatown raids,
ceased their labors yesterday afternoon to
join the Native Sons in their trip to
Stockton.
LOST HIS FURNITURE.
Why Henry Berkemer Suei the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company in the
Justices' Court.
Those who lost their goods and chattels
by the wrecking of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's vessel St. Paul at
Monterey on August 6 are beginning to
take legal measures against the company.
The first suit for goods lost in the wreck
was filed in the Justices' Court yesterday
by Henry Berkemer, who alleges that he
shipped his household furniture from
Port Harford via the St. Paul for San
Francisco, and that by the carelessness
and negligence of the servants of the com
pany he was deprived of it to ois damage
in;the extent of $299.
A BABY AS A PLEDGE,
Florie Royce, a Vaudeville Ac
tress, Has an Odd Ex
perience.
Her Little G rl Is Held by a Board
ing Mistress for an Unpaid
Bill.
Mrs. Sam Snapper, known in the ranks
of the vaudeville as Florie Royce, went be
fore Judge Hebbard yesterday with her
attorney, Carroll Cook, to secure a writ of
alternative mandamus to compel Clorindo
Valento to give up the possession of her
(Mrs. Snapper's) child.
The trouble is all over a board bill
which Mrs. Valento claims to be due her
on behalf of the child, and she is holding
the child as security for its payment, very
much to the disgust of Mrs. Snapper.
Florie Royce is a high kicker by profei
sion. She placed her little daughter witn
Mrs. Valento, who resides on Rausch
street, to be properly cared for. Some
days ago the mother called with the inten
tion of taking the child away. She was
presented with a board bill for $24, which
she declared was much more than she
owed under her agreement and refused to
pay it.
Mrs. Valento sa ; .d she could not have
the child without paying the bill. The
mother went away to see legal counsel
and the result was the petition, wnich was
issued by Judge Hebbard. The parties
waited in court for some time for the ap
pearance of the defendant and finally an
attachment was issued.
DR. EASTO N'S RETURN.
Principally Dae to a Desire to Visit
His Son.
Dr. Chalmers Easton, the eloquent di
vine who was the friend and the
moral support of Sydney Bell dur
ing the two years he stood trial
and imprisonment for the murder of
young Jacobson, is again a resident of
this City, and Sunday assumed charge
of the pulpit of the Trinity Presbyterian
Church at Capp and Twenty-third streets.
"I hnve not come here in the interests
of Sydney Bell," stated the reverend gen
tleman last evening, "althougn I am still
convinced the young man was hastily
judged and condemned. My return to
this City is principally due to the fact that
my son is here, a pupil of the University
of California, and 1 desired to spend a few
weeks with him. An opportunity pre
sented itself when Dr. Smith desired to go
East, and we simply changed from one
end of the continent to the other. He has
taken up my duties in the East, I have
taken up his in the West."
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 16 Giant avenue.
"Was Afraid of Kxposnre.
William Gathmen, a shoemaker, living at
1003 Mission street, committed suicide yester
day morning by turning on the gas. The de
ceased was employed by Gustaf Holmberg, 959
Howard street, being in charge of a repair-shop
at the place where death occurred. It ia said
that Gathmen has been drinking heavily of
late una also gambling, losing $25 belonging
to his employer. Beeiuu no way to replace the
money and fearing exposure he concluded to
take his life. Ho is said to have a wife some
where in Montaaa.-
NEW TO-DAT.
PRESENTS IST BfflnH
PREE Jjjmj
REAL GEMS! J^
Fancy Chinaware, Glassware, Cups,
baucers and Plates, Vases, Orna-
ments and Dishes of every descrip-
tion. -. ■ ■
ONE #5JJct
each 4& 9 Purchase
each ft 9 Purchase
TEAS-COFFEES— SPICES !
Quality Best Guaranteed.
O M H R ls* CUSTOMERS
Wilful V *- , COME TO
Great American Tea Go.
. MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Mf rl f 8t - U6 Ninth st. -
3510 Mission st. a ,B Third st. ,
140 Sixth st. 2008 Furore «t.
617 Kearny St. 065 Market st.
Lt'.'nT 01 ? st - 3°« 6 Sixteenth at.
"' Montgomery «r*. 10^ Second st.
333 Hayes st. . 3285 Mission st.
• sa Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
IS?^"! 11^ 81 * 0 " 1 "*• 6 « 6 E. Twelfth st.
Ui San Pablo aye.. 9 i 7 Broadway, Oakland
*3 5 5 Park st., Alameda.
Wife of the Great Republican Leader Adds Her Testi-
mony to That of Thousands of Others for Paine's
Celery Compound.
Among the testimonials received this
year by the proprietors of that greatest of
all remedies, Paine's celery compound, are
found many, as usual, from families of
national reputation.
One of these is the following sincere
statement that bears the signature of
Agnes B. Quay, the wife of the Hon.
Matthew S. Quay, United States Senator,
whom Pennsylvania so urgently named
for the presidency at St. Louis:
"Washington, May 15, 1896.
"MkBB. Wells & Richardson.
Burlington, Vt.
"Dear Sirs: My daughler and I have
been using your Paine's celery compound
this spring with most beneficial results.
"Those in an over-fatigued condition
will find it a gentle stimulant and an ex-
SkOirZew-* tl%\m The hi S hest claim f or other M &( s> \l^W!k
Imt^M toba r is " Just as IS «ww
\m^Jss Every old smoker JK^Aff
t^^c^W kDOWS th - re is ' none just "#^^^
v^r^vws^^s' as good as ■ B **
■JLrfc^^w You will find one coupon inside IT
each two ounce bag, and two cou- 4fp&&&^&2&M
jtia&f Vilfl pons inside each four ounce Mml XS&t&k.
P^ *> ft'M bag of Blackwell's Durham. MM <-^\*>*swk
mif »mm Buy a b ? g of this cele - mr ?■
IjHKgj^ *M ■ brated tobacco and read the £M( } \ MJM
' **%&&£$ cou P° n — which gives a list g% I^!LSB&M
\^^l J^"^^°^ valuable presents and how «Joi f^&^SjiPW
f f if. H¥jDK^I jjQ ""bl^D f t L&Klbla n k"si nTe d~ "fa Th"c """I- j
! ill ■gSHe -^ ci^^ (c?/h < •
i^iH laJrPffii' CM *" tts C hoac, Pubir.he/^xi,^) SUtSCMFTIOII iuri j^j
iQi iI BrW^^ no . . piMNFaoitMtfitaimti 22J> <JfoiZ'vfyu»&, M ,. \\\
I|UI ESsSBS S^^&i **"* t ".*"K"'U**mttl.3TATtaAns. s*l j
Jk !■ \J /((f Z ~~^f^ *•" P r " tcl * co " ■ ' ■ '»<>* } '
IQ H I tm tJ \J^-*^ , I
II 9 B'-v" '* **" a I hereby subscribe Five Dollars for one copy of "OUR SOCIETY" IS J
1 1 '^^?^^ i jjgra^ a y IILUE BOOK forthe season of iS^-7 payable to the publisher or order, J3 I
I l"."- , •-...... on delivery before Chri»rm»j.lB9<x !fc!
•Xi Is sold by subscription. . . Ir> •
'Si Advance Orders only •■ |. I
Iq' will be recognized, as •> I
II the edition is limited to . Komi. .£ I
Ijl the class of people for ISMne * — . - , ■ ■ ■ — — '"* '
• >-l which the work is ape- ; ' '
I^l clally intended. - - 'I
It Subscribers will find ... • ! I
I _.•■»' blanks enclosed. .-•• AUdrt-a ; ( j
5 blu e book 6frc£ y^wu7mu^Aain'6nHY^^ior^ m Qßxn^
— " -1.-.J
13 IVy ffP* W tlon 0I a j^ m o us French nnysidan will ouickl v >thC . prest " rlp -
lISS jlft ? 0113 of. the generative or" Ure 7 oll ? f all
ITv PV mW & tion 0I a tamous French Dhyslclan will auipfi™ >theprescrlp *
E T iSft/ ;^y e^wJ & TO ™ nia J' ainsintheß 'wk,Semlnal^iV^n h^ s^ stManhw^
H V JT^W T < »®9' es, TJnfltness to Mari^ ExhaustS-r j?™!' e^°i ls Dc bnity] ;
BEFORE.HO AFTER 3^^
"■. CUPWESE #trengthens and restores srnal 1 wedkorMns: "Qpurltlea.
* The reason sufferer-, are rot cured by Doctors is hp™ii«.niir«ti.'«''""
Pro.t*Uti«. CDPIDEJTE is the only knoVn remedy *t<% nre wUhouT^f Cen V U^? ble<! wltl,
Bis. A written gnarnntec given and money returned if six boxel doe? not 2& < ' r ? tlon - 500 ° stimonl.
|1.00 a box, six for $.5.00, by mail. Bend for frek circular and te^motiia™ - ect a P«r ma nent cur*
Address DAVOI- aJLKDICINE CO.. 1170 Market street, Ran Franc.sco, Cal. For^oby
BROOKS' i-HAKiIAUV, 11» Vowelisw**
cellent tonic, and I add my testimony
to others without reluctance."
The relative merits and efficiency of
Paine's celery compound in making peo-
ple well is clearly shown in the character
of the people who to-day rely on it to cure
insomnia, nervous debility, persistent
headaches and a rundown condition.
It is the power of rapid repair of the tis-
sues that makes Paine's celery compound
the great saver of life that it is. It brings
just the needed nutriment to the distracted
nerve tissues all over the body and in-
creases the volume of healthy blood so
that a breaking down of some vital part is
averted. While taking Paine's celery com-
pound these is a general building up of the
deep-lying tissues all over the body, and a
throwing off of unsound elements that
clog and interfere with its healthy activity.
The story of the discovery and unpar"
alleled success of Paine's celery compound
is the story of a high purpose steadfastly
followed; the reward for the life-long
study of the nervous system in health and
disease. Prof. Edward E. Phelps' discov-
ery In the laboratory of the Dartmouth
Medical School proved a monumental
work in the art of dealing successfully with
many diseases that were up to that time
held to be obstinate of cure. To-day
rheumatism and neuralgia, heart palpita*
tion and nervous dyspepsia are taken in
hand Dy Paine's celery compound with the
absolute assurance ol freeing the system
of them entirely.
In this greatest of all remedies there ia
hope for every person distressed by symp-
toms of dyspepsia, impure blood, failing
vigor or low nervous condition.
0000
CARNATIONS
Field-Grown From Spring Cuttings
by an Experienced Eastern Florist.
11 VARIETIES
As follows:
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McGo wan, 1
Willam Scott, "i Silver Spray. ! „„,,,.
Day Break, 1™,,!, Hinsles White, f wnlt *
Tidal Wave, ]•««»«• White Win,-, ]
Orace Wilder, J Gold Fincn, Gold, Yellow.
American Flag— Striped.
These plants are well-grown 'or Win-
ter bloom, and will be sold to th«
trade at reasonable rates,
T.O.ARMSTRON6&SON
FLORISTS, H2TO.,
Rose Aye. Nurseries.
Addr-ss:
Mills College F. P., Alameda Co.. Cal,
DR. O-TT-5T «SL^
HERB PHYSICIAN of the >^fTSSsJV
FLOWERY KINGDOM. M^t^^K
HE IS OF GREAT EMI- g^^j^l
nence and learning, HB^^^^^^^B
having long experience in BJ^"
the Imperial Hospitals of W _jlji_ __ I
China, He has practiced Jl «
his profession in America fj <v /■* if
for 1 years and cured thou- vl - \ '
sands of sick and afflicted. \jl «**» ft
He guarantees a cure of ail \ »^M^_. /
diseases of men, women \ ' J
and children where cure Is 'jfH^.
possible. No matter if oth- »■' J
its have failed to cure you, »^K?^>
try DR. GUY. Everybody
Invited to call. Conanlta- '^^^
tion free. Om-es-821 KEAR.NY ST - bet.
Washington and Jackson.
m
Redemption of Dnpont-St. Bonds
TREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AND COUNTY
A of San Francisco, September 2, 1396.
Holders of Dupont-street Bonds Issued under an
act of the state legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorize the Wldenin; of Dupont Street, In the
City of Han Francisco." adopted March 23, 1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds, as provided by Section 13 of said act, at his
otttce In 'he new City Hall. San Francisco, until
120'cloc* noon of TUKSDAY. September 18, 1898.
The amount to be applied to th- redemption of
52^« Bonds is about ninny thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidders will stare at > hat rate they
will surrender their Bonds 'for payment, less
coupons due. No proposals above par will be con-
sidered.
B.us to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." A. V. WIDBEK,
-- City ana County Treasurer.
19 THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE!
X your eyes and lit them to Spectacles and Eye*
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of ay work.
; OOlce Hours— l 2 to ii\ m.FREE TRADE LOWERS WORKINGMEN'S EARNINGS.
It is now generally understood nruong J
the masses that the free-coinage question j
•was formulated by the Democrats as a j
false issue. By throwing dust in tte eyes
of the people and holding up the counter
feit presentment they hope to gain votes,
for they know full well that they would
not have received many on the record of
President Cleveland as expressed in the
Wilson bill.
Not only do tbe Democrats of the entire
country feel ashamed of the record of their
party on the tariff issue, but all classes
know that their policy of ruin has com
pletely prostrated the manifold industries
of the country.
The New York Sun, generally conceded
to be the ablest Democratic paper in the
United States, recently put the case of
protection as against free trade quite
plainly as it applies to the workingmen.
It said:
"There is only one country in Europe in
which the wages of labor are within a half
of what they are in this countrj'. That is i
Great Britain. Wages in Germany,
France, Belgium and Switzerland are not
one-third of what they are here. Those of
Italy are not one-quarter. Last year cheap
foreign labor was imported into the United
States in the shape of manufactured
goods to the value of $692,319,768. Tiis
was a great wrong to American labor. In
the immense amount of imports permitted
by our insufficient and detective tariff the
labor of women employed in the Manches
ter < England) cotton-mills, v.hooe wages
Jo not average $tX) a year, came into com
petition wltb tho higher priced labor of
our Southern ana Northern cotton-spin
ners.
".Munich is a gallery and center of art.
German women with as many as six
children saw wood in its streets for 15 cents
r. day. May a merciful God sink the I
LABOR DAY WAS FITTINGLY CELEBRATED
Great Gathering of Toilers
in Metropolitan
Temple.
STIRRING SPEECHES AND
LOVELY SONGS.
Fair Women Added Grace to
an Otherwise Imposing
Assemblage.
THE RELATIONS CF CAPITAL
AND LABOR.
Vital Themes That Wcrs Understand
ingly Discussei by M ss Anna
Shaw and Miny
Others.
Orsrap. ized iabor, in its magnificent I
strength, held sway last evening in Metro
politan Temple. Men, hardy men, arti
sans, their wives, sisters and sweethearts,
crowded the vast edifice and listened to
the words of ra^n and women who learned
of what they spoke in the workshops of this I
country.
Stretched across the stage, high above
the speakers, the American flag hung be
tween th»- pennants oVmany labor organi
zations. In the center, between the de
vices of the respective unions, was a
plainer banner, silently extending to all a |
hearty ''Welcome by San Francisco Labor
Council on Labor Day, 1856." The I
medallion in the center of the banner read,
"Labor is King."
The silken banners most prominent on j
the stage ana over it were those of the j
Ironmolden, the Typographical, the |
Coopers', the Ci^armaters' and the Joui- <
iu-ymen Bakers' unions. Besides these !
emblems of this grand country and of the
most powerful and honorable associations
within it, little attempt was made at dec
oration. On the stage front a half score of
beautiful floral pieces awaited the ladies
who with song and recitation helped to
make the moments pass more pleasantly j
between the telling utterances of the j
speakers.
On the stage were: President, T. F. i
Burns; vice-president, J. Hill; secretaries,
Ed Rosenberg and Joseph Waiters; treas
urer, W. C. Ackerman; C. Shuppert, Miss
Anna Shaw, W. Mac Arthur and Thomas
Hurd.
Mr. Barns said it was his pleasant duty
to introduce the speakers and also to 1
briefly outline the objects of labor
unionism.
"Trades unionism," be continued, "is
organized to suppress vice and competi
tion among themselves. It is hard to con
vince the middleman that competition is
the life of trade when he comes into con
tact with the great, mammoth concerns —
combines that have for their object the
concentration of wealth and to crush out
all smaller rivals. No more can you tell
a workingman that competition Is the
best thing for him. The labor movement, j
in my opinion, represents the vanguard of j
the industrial democracy."
The chairman was warmly applauded, j
He introduced Mane Dobrin, who read a
poem, "The Judgment of Laboi," written
by Mies Gabriel M. C. Furlong, a member
of San Francisco Typographical Union
No. 21. The poem was dedicated to the
San .Francisco Labor Council. Its climax —
And in naming all thy glories, the dearest that we
bless.
The greatest, and the grandest, Is America's Free
Press-
Met the hearty approval of the house, and
the poem received an ovation.
Mrs. J. Morrissey contributed to the
pleasure of, the evening by singing ''Good
by, Summer." for which she was en
thusiastically applauded. In reply for an
encore she sang "My Little Sweetheart.
May."
J. J. Galvin, ex-president of San Fran
cisco Typographical Union No. 21, deliv
ered an address on "Children of the
Trade Unions." He said:
Mr. President, fellow trade unionists, la
dies and gentlemen: My appearance here this
evening I accept as a compliment to the trade
union of which I am a member.
The Chamber of Commerce and the Board of
Trade for the man of business affairs, the Bar
Association for the reputable attorney, the
medical society for the pnysician who is not
too closely related to the undertaker and the
trade union for the mechanic and for the arti
san who are capable and who are self-respect
ing.
All of the organizations named are identical
as far as ethical obligations are 'concerned;
they differ only in that the trade-unionist is a
wage earner.
The underlying principles of trade unionism
are a fair day's wages for a lair day's work,
and the greatest good to the greatest number.
These . principles require no elaboration;
they arc. eternal as the billowy ocean, and
their fairness and justness are self-evident.
All capital conies from labor, and all labor
is performed by man. Hence, capital, labor
and man are a trinity which should work to
gether in harmony. As health is man's in
heritance from God, so is bis labor the only
means of preserving that health by enabling
him to make a livelihood.
Allowing that constitutions are necessary
A Picture of How Bryanism Would Plunge the
Country Into Utter
Ruin.
United States ten thousand feet under the
sea before the hideous spectacle shall De
come an incident of our civilization!
"Nearly $700,000,000 worth of the starva
tion labor of Europe in the form of manu
factured goods imported into this country
last year! That which came from Bel*
gium in bales and boxes represented the
waees of 22 cents a day for women and 43
cents for men; and the hignest priced
labor in loose cargoes of Belgian steel and
iron represented wages less than 80 cents a
day.
"Italian labor, in Italian merchandise
was imported into this country last year,
in competition with American labor, at
prices that should fill sensitive souls with
horror and alarm the thoughtful for the
future of the human race. The pay in the
cotton factories of Naples is 50 cents a
day; of the Neapolitan marble and granite
cutters, from 40 to 60 cents a day, acccord
ing to skill; of coachman, 30 cents; of
women .in lace factories, 10 cents, and
girls, 7 cents; of soldiers in the army, $2 a
month. Of all the workmen in the glass
works of Italy only the skilled blowers re
ceive as high as a dollar a day, and la
borers on farms, hoeing or making hay,
from 15 to 18 cents a day, working from
sun to sun. God save America from such
wages I* 1
Continuing the picture the Sun gave the
following interesting figures:
"In the Swiss silk goods which came
for the ftovernment of states, and that the
Board of Trade, the Bar Association and the
Medical Society are essential for the mainte
nance of proper relations in business and pro
fessional life, manual labor, which is the basis
of all wealth and of all government, steps
modestly to the front, and says: "Gentlemen,
we too rind it necessary to organize for the
protection of that labor which Is the founda
tion upon which your grand superstructures
rest, and we proudly present to you our trade
and labor unions.
So there can be no quarrel between honest
capital and faithful labor; and faithful labor
is guaranteed by the trade unions.
Kuch being the conditions and these being
our principles, we have organized into trade
and labor unions, aud the Government of the
United states has set apart this rirst Monday
of September for the celebration of Labor day,
in recognition of the claims of the working
people as represented by these organizations.
Then we have assembled here mis evening
to celebrate Labor day. And what are our ac
complishments? Why do we celebrate? We
precede commerce and we make the tine arts
possible. We are the auxiliary of the scientist
and make the application ot the Roentgen ray
available. We say to the merchant:
"Here is your good ship we con
structed it; and here are our jolly
sailor boys to man it, do business with the
Indies and become rich." We say to the law,
student: '-Here is your college, we built it;
and here is your Blackstone, we printed it.
Study hard arid become a great man." We say
to the young medico: -'Here's your college
also, we built it expressly for you; and here's
your skeleton, we made it" — no; oh.no; there
is one thing we can't do. We say: "Here's
your college, r i> ung Ksculapius, go find your
subject; aud here's your box of nice little sur
gical instruments to dissect it, find out
whether it «as sore throat or laryngitis. " We
say to the composer: "Here are the piano, cor
net and violin; let us have your latest compo
sition and our aniou musicians will perform.
These are some of our accomplish menu.
Yes; and they extend much further. And
■when the question is asked, "Who are the
trade-unionists, and what of their achieve
ments?" the answer comes:
From the shop and the factory and the
office; from the forge and the bench and the
railroad train; from the foundries and the
ironworks, and from that huge fortress of pro
tection and engine of destruction known as the
battle-ship.
From pillar and column and nave; from
tower and dome and tall minaret does the
answer come: "We are thy handiwork, O
children of the trade unions."
From crest of spired cathedral to its founda
tion etone, with altar and chalice and organ
grand, the sacred edifice, with all its wealth of
rich belongings, consecrated to the service of
the living God, Is the construction of the
artisans and the mechanics of our trades
unions.
■ Indies and gentlemen, these are the monu
ments of labor. Are there any that are
grauder, more enduring or more useful? And
their builders are the honest sons of toil who
protect the dignity of their callings through
their membership in the trade unions.
But there are others to be heard from. What
of tne stout-hearted seamen? Over the realm
of the storm-tossed sea, where tiod is still
supreme, but where the elements are raging
in tneir anger, from the disabled vessel comes
the cry of the sailor man, "We will stand by
our good ship till the last precious life is saved
— till the last precious life is saved."
And the musicians 1 What maybe said of
sweet music? It can only tell its own story.
It is melody; it is harmony. It is of earth,
yet is belonging to heaven. The prelude
of the orchestra; the chimes of the ves
per bell; tne martial strains of the brass
band; the mazy waltz; the serenade
of the moonlight; the reveille of the
soldier; the ballad; the grand opera: the
sacred oratorio, and "Home, Sweet Home."
What tender memories of youth and mother
and the innocent days of childhood! Handel,
Haydn, Mozart, Bach, Chopin, fcchubert, Men
delssohn. Beethoven! Ye do welL oh, mem
bers of the Musicians' Union — ye do well — to
surround the practice of your divine art with
all the pure safeguards of trade-unionism 1
And what of the printing press! Of those
who follow the trade of the great Benjamin
Franklin, the revered Horace Greeley and of
our own brave townsman, James H.Barry;
and among whom are to be found many of the
brightest journalists living under our starry
flag? Those earnest men and women, who
toll through the weary hours of the night that
the world may be enlightened when the sun
light greets the morn— what of them? From
the East and the West, and the North and the
South, centering round about New York, and
there, from the office of the New York Journal
to its sister, the Examiner, flashes the message:
"The members of the International Typo
graphical Union of North America, on this,
our Labor day, send you fraternal greetings to
the number of 40,000."
And we of the trades unions have brothers
far over the seas, and from beyond the Atlantic
cume their greetings to-night.
Bobbie Burns cays, "A man's a man for a'
that," and this gem of Scotland's bard will go
down the ages aa conveying the very highest
conception of mankind's integrity. Govern
ments may go wrong, but the great masses of
the people— never. And so to-day. From the
land oi grand old Gladstone and from the
beauteous Rhlneland; from the heathery hills
of Scotland and from Lafayette's sunny France,
and from the shamrock-bedecked fields of
ever dear old Ireland, come messages of con
gratulation and of peace such as brethren
send to brethren*
Ladies and gentlemen, such are the trades
unionists ana such are some of their achieve
ments. Respectable in oar personnel, honest
in our purpose and asking for nothing but
justice.
The man who is so fortunate as to be able to
employ 1000 workmen has in a measure the
influence oi 1000 men; be should not only be
their employer, but their protector and their
friend.
You all remember the strike at Homestead,
where thousands of poor men were thrown out
of employment because they asked for a rate
of wages "whereby they could keep body and
soul together. You all remember the relentless
tyranny of that rich man who held the for
tunes of so many of his lellow-creatures. You
remember how, during the labor troubles, he
imported thai ruffianly band, known as the
Pinkerton detectives, to shoot down free Amer
ican citizens becaune they were exercising
their heaven-born right of protecting their
labor and providing for their wives and chil
dren — hired these Pinkerton detectives, beside
whom the myrmidons of old who followed
Achilles against the walls of Troy were gentle
men—aye, they were patricians.
Think of it, citizens; think of it, a man so
favored in worldly goods that he was able to
employ thousands of his fellow-creatures to
work lor him, aud picture the pitiable spec
tacle of this man hiring unscrupulous wretches
to protect him from the imaginary onulaughts
of bis own workmen— when he could have
been loved by them, when he should have
been their counselor and their friend.
Is it any wonder then that the came of Car i
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
into our country last year in those seven
hundred millions of imports was the
skilled labor of men at 41 cents a day and
of women at 10 cents, both competing
with the silk weavers of Paterson. New
York, Philadelphia and Cheney.
"Glasgow, in Scotland, is the largest
steamship factory of the world, and its
blast-furnace owners and iron-rollers howl
for free trade day and night. Of the
families in tnat manufacturing Sodom
41,000 out of 100,000 live in one room, and
half of tne men and women in the city are
out of work. Tuat one room for a family
of father, mother, daughters and sons tells
what wages are in Scotland and bow they
drag humanity down into bestiality ana
misery.
"Brothers, the Mills bill to reduce the
tariff is the first step to that one room for
an American family. ligbtit without de
lay and fight it to its death, and then
make your tariff so protective as to shut
out cheap foreign labor in the form of
manufactured goods.
"It is undisputed that the wages of the
American workmen are from 50 per cent
to 300 per cent greater than those of his
English fellows. The question then arises,
Is th» purchasing power of a dollar in tbe
hands of an American workman the same
or is it more or less than the purchasing
power of the equivalent of a dollar in the
hands of an English workman?
"The answer is, $1 will buy more in the
THOMAS F. BURNS, President of the Labor Council.
negie Is held in execration by the masses of
the American people ?
At Puilman many workmen were receiving
no more than 75 cents a day. A labor trouble
ensued. The workmen sent a committee to
interview the magnate and to ask for arbitra
tion. What was his answer? His answer — his
heartless answer — was. that there was nothing
to arbitrate. You ail know the story of the
subsequent happenings. Is it any wonder
that tne name of Pullman is held In execra
! tion by the great masses of the American peo
ple?
I believe in "Demortuis nil nisi bonnm,"
but as a man lives so shall he die. And when
Jay Gould died, unwept, unhonored and un
sung, there were none so poor as to do him
reverence.
CoIIJh P. Huntington of course you all know
something of. He believes it the proper thing
to oppress the workingmen and to send mil
lions of American money over the ocean to re
habilitate old world palaces and feed the hun
gry scions of a decaying so-called nobility.
His coda of ethics is oppression of the people,
I debauchery of their representatives and rob
bery of the Government, and I would con
j Eider myseli lacking in my duty as a citizen J
i and unworthy of the name of a trade-unionist
I if I did not here to-night from this platform
denounce him as the arch-enemy of the people
the arch-enemy of labor. And let me say to
I our brethren of the East that there is not one
individual member of a trade or labor union,
I or an independent man whatever his calling,
j upon the Pacific Coast, who does not re-echo
I this sentiment.
j Ladies and gentlemen, I have told you some
] thing of the "Children of the Trade Unions,"
of their friends and of their oppressors. Our
cause is just and all-embracing. The divine
word has gone lorth that truth and justice
shall prevail; and as well forbid the roariue of
the thunder or the whisperings of the breezes
as to forbid Us progressive march.
The next number on the programme
was a selection of songs by Messrs. Myer
and McNeil, which was followed by a song
"Sing, Sweet Bird," by Miss M. AspenJ
with violin accompaniment.
Anndrew Furuseth of the Sailors'
Union of the Pacitic delivered an able ad
dress on "Trade Unionism, Its Necessity,"
in which he said:
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen: As
the church has set aside one day in the year
to commemorate the birth of Christ (Christ
mas), Good Friday for the consecration of
suffering, Easter Sunday for victory, and as
Pentecost brings to our thoughts that assem
blage upon which. descended the spirit of re
ligious, political and social equality—brother
hood—causing "no one to call anything bis
own," bo has organized labor set aside this
day us a mliepost upon humanity's road at
which to linger for one brief moment while
we drink new strength from the fountain of
the past, by help of which we may see more
clearly suffer more patiently and do more
valieutly in the future.
Labor's day I All days have been labor's day
in which to serve or to seek an opportunity to
serve, in which to have a master or to seek one,
in which to struggle against oppression or to
suffer it, sometimes with hope, sometimes
without it, sometimes advancing toward bet
ter conditions, sometimes dreaming away the
present in vain hope that oppression may cease
of itaelf; again, at other periods, realizing that
reforms come high and must be bought by the
hfe-bloodof men und the tears of women
Tyranny is constantly assuming new forms!
and it is sometimes so seductive in appearance
that its real nature is not discovered uniil the
marching column has turned on its track ana
is again approaching the servitude whence it
emerged.
This road from slavery to freedom, from war
to harmony, from force to justice, aa we look
along it is strewn with the skeletons of hu
manity's bravest and best, who on it suffered
deatn under the Dale, on the cross at the
stake, on the scaffold, in the Drison or by pro
scription, from the times of the Greeks and
Romans, with a civilization the fragments of
wJiich have come down to us to testify to its
greatness, but in which absolutism aud In
equality ruled supreme— inequality before
God. inequality before the law, and iv its later
days especially, the master and slave on the
held and in the workshop— all of it force,
authority, absolutism, we have attained to
equality before God and at least a pretense at
equality before the law. But as yet absolutism
practically reigns supreme in our Industrial
system.
Agitation, organization and education have
given us what we have. We have by religious
organization been taught that we are the
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
United States of such things as the work
ingman uses than 4s l%d will in England. !
Joseph D. WeeKs, in a letter published in
Triumpnant Democracy, says: 'It ($l)
will buy considerably more flour, more
meat, provisions, bacon, ham, vegetables,
eggs, butter, cheese, farm products of all
kinds, tea, coffee, more oil, a little less
sugar, and in many parts of the country
more fuel. As to dry goods and clothing
it will buy mora eheetine, shirting, prints
and thinpsof this kind than can be bought
for the same money there."
The more carefully workingmen investi
gate the problem here in California, as
elsewhere, the more thoroughly are they
convinced tnat their inability to get em
ployment is due to the brief reign of free
trade that has already afflicted them.
It was recently shown in The Calt., in a
series of interviews with typical working
men, just how they realize ihat free trade
hurts them. In a simple, manly way the
sons of toil told why they favor protection
as the forerunner of prosperity.
"Statistics gathered from every State in
the Union within the past eighteen
months," said George L. Nolan, a promi
nent Eastern manufacturer's asent, a few
days ago, "show that one cut of wages
has followed another with great regulai
ity under the Wilson bill, and i»ost of the
factories that are now running are en
abled to do so by reason of reduced forces
and lower wages."
children of the same God, and that he is no
respector of persons. True, his kingdom has
been placed above the skies, yet we pray, "Thy
kingdom come on earth." We have been told
thatour bodies~are the temples of the living
God, until the la«h, if not abolished, has be
come disreputable, and the selling of that
temple by others Is practically abolished, yet,
by their control of the means of living, we are
forced to sell ourselves.
Men have felt and reasoned that when there
is equality before God any inequality before
man must be wrong, And so. as I said, we
have at least a pretense of equality before the
law and in the State, and organization—politi
cal organization — bas given us so much thereof
as we have, and as we have been able to keep,
in spite of registration laws, educational and
property qualifications.
Now, friends, as religious organization based
upon religious discontent gave us religious
liberty in spite of the stake, as political organi
zation gave us such political equality as we
have in spite of the scaffold and the prl'son, so
will industrial democracy come through in
dustrial organization, hostile employers, hos
tile legislation, apostate churches, cowardly
and selfish workmen notwithstanding.
It is therefor we organize into trade unions
and why we brand the unaniliated workmun
as a scab. This is why we strike against reduc
tion in the standard of living or to improve it;
this is why we hear with joy of progress made
during the past year. And, friends, there has
been progress, both in this and other countries.
The trade-union movement is growing in num
bers, in knowledge and in consciousness of its
mission, and it is proud of the indorsement of
such men as Engels, Mark, Tnorald Rogers,
Ruskin, Carlyle and Ely and can afford to
listen in kindness to the criticism of some of
the socialist*, whose fundamental principles
are the motive power of the practical move
ment, though we disagree with them in some
things, and especially in methods.
The trade-union movement can look wtth
pity upon such movements as the Employers'
Association, organized in 1892 to crusn labor
and then to stimulate "home industry." The
unions suffered and thereby were purified and
had their horizon enlarged, but what of home
industry? Eastern shoes, Eastern cigars, East
ern castings, Eastern almost everything, until
our manufacturers are but the agents of East
ern firms selling Eastern goods, while Califor
nia machinery is rusting. Molding shops are
idle, while such eminent and loyal members
of the Home Manufacturers' Association as
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson are selling Oregon
prison- made stoves. Shoe factories idle, while
Eastern prison goods fill the market ! And
yet they cannot see that their methods are
destructive. True, labor also suffers, but then
labor Is used to that, and besides, men may
move while buildings stay, and while the
Half-Million Club is talking work workers go
Eadt in Coxey's armies or otherwise, and the
half-million comes not to the city divided
against itself.
But we cannot afford to think lightly of the
efforts made through the press now and then
to have laws enacted to punish what it pleases
them to call "conspiracies in restraint of
trade," while under the name of arbitration
they offer us laws to forbid organization, and
even men who think themselves friends call
out from the very housetop* tliat "trade-union
ism is a failure and the strike a weariness of the
flesh," To tnlK of the equality of Huntington,
employing 75,000 men, and his section-hand
is well enough as a sedative, but we must be
awake to the danger ahead. Employing 75,000
men, having the power to say what our earn
ings shall be, what hours we shall work, to de
termine our standard of life, to say when we
shall see our families, what the children's
educatiou shall be, a power to regulate the
daily life of some 300,000 men, women and
children, and to bring this power home to us
unceasingly, every hour of the day, when the
overseer looks at our work or nt us when we
straighten our backs, at every evening, when
we may be told, -'You are not wanted here any
more"; every morning at the factory gate
waiting for that sign which to the worker
means so much that around it centers almost
every thought, and this daily need, this daily
dependence, is sent along with us even to the
ballot-box.. In the history of the Saxon or
Gotho-Germanic races was ever such poorer
given to individual man?
The struggle, therefore, to-day is between
religious and political equality seelfing to ex
tend and complete itself by occupying the
industrial field and industrial aDsolutism
seeking to stop the progress of the ages and
turn the march backward. This danger is
real, and it expresses itself by gradually chang
ing our very Government from one ot specific
delegated powers to one in which the powers
are to be inherent.
That is the picture of the ruin thus far
wrought, yet it is mild, indeed, compared
with whaf the plans of Bryan would do,
were he allowed to open the free-trade
throttle to the extent he desires.
Another picture of the rnin that pre
vails in free-trade countries is that made
by the eminent John Bright, who por
trayed the condition of Glasgow; but, hor
rible as the condition there was, it is that
which free trade would speedily bring
here. He said :
'■In the city of Glasgow alone 41,000 out
of every 100,000 live in homes having only
one room, and, further, nearly one-third
of the whole people dwell in homes of only
one room, and more than two-thirds of the
people of Scotland dwell in homes of not
more than two rooms.
"We find poverty and misery. What
does it mean, when all these families are
living in homes of one room, to us who
have several rooms and all the comforts
of life? It means more than I can de
scribe and more than I will attempt to
enter into; and as need besets need, so
poverty and misery beget poverty and
misery. And so in all our great towns,
and not a little in our small tow^s, there
is misery and helplessness, much as I
have described. In fact, looking at the
past, to me it is a melancholy thing to
look at; there is much of it which excites
in me not astonishment only, but horror.
The fact is, there passes before my eyes a
vision of millions of families — not indi
viduals, but families — fathers, mothers,
children — passing, ghastly, sorrow
stricken, in never-ending procession liom
their cradles to their graves."
The workingmen of America have had a
slight foretaste of what John Bright
meant, for they know that the country is
now on the way to desolation under the
free-trade policy of which the Wilson bill
is a mild forerunner. They begin to sea
that there was wisdom in the policy of
Clay and Blame, a protective plan to pre
serve American industries and American
liberties.
That "wealth is king" we have recognized
for some time, and any who doubts may ask
the blacklisted trade-unionists, who, under
changed names, are seeking the means of life
away from, their homes. We have, therefore,
conspired to dethrone this kinz, nonce they
give to our organizations the names of con
spiracies in restraint of trade, and under the
guise of "good of society" they would now, as
in the times of Caesar, issue edicts to destroy
this growing industrial democrat! before it
shall become numerous and strong enough to
form an Industrial republic or to effectually
curtail the power or Industrial despotism.
That the hope of the future lie-; in organized
labor has been recognized by all students of
the social question.
In closing, let me therefore again urge upon
you the necessity of organization. If you be
opposed to absolutism join your trades union,
or if your occupation be such that you neither
have nor can have one, then give to this move
ment your moral support. If you would lnv
prove the moral condition of the workers and
put some restraint on, this "king," then sup
port this trades-union movement. If you be a
Christian and hope for the coming of the
kingdom for which you , pray, then sup
port organization. If you be a workman,
hoping . for better times to come in
the immediate future, then organize. Organ
ize into trade unions; into trade unions be
cause you who work at the same trade under
stand each other best, and mutual grievances
give mutual sympathy. Let us organize to
gether that we may bear each other's burdens,
but above all let us organize that we may study
jointly, study that we may jointly know, and
know that we may act jointly in the interest
of peace and progress in the times dangerous
and doubtful, which, according to all students
of sociology, are coming, times in which It may
be decided for ages to come whether wealth
should rule man or man be ''a man for a*
that."
A song, "Rally," was given by the com
poser and writer, Professor Henri Fair
weather; who was accompanied by his
wife on the piano. v . -".
The Rev. Anna 11. Shaw was introduced.
She was received with wild applause from
all parts of the house, and indeed, her
address on "Woman's Freedom," was
none the less warmly greeted, lor the
audience was with the distinguished
speaker.
Miss Shaw addressed the union men as
"fellow workmen," and told the audience
that there is no place in this world for a
man who is not serving the race, or seek
ing to serve it. There is no use either in
this universe for a woman who is not
nervine her race, or seeking to serve it.
She said that inventions, machines, bad
taken the work of the household into the
workshops, and women followed them to
the factories. Women going outside of
the houses to toil merely followed their
vocations where changed conditions sent
them.
It is a mistaken idea, Miss Shaw de
clared, that women are toiling selfishly.
It is the misfortune of men that they have
been incapacitated for toil, and in 'New
York the r e are 20,000 women supporting
husbands who have been laid aside by
sickness or accident. All over the coun
try women are toiling for their bread, and
it has been their greatest misfortune that
heretofore they Lave worked alone. By
organization only can they meet and
overcome the conditions against which
men and women alike are struggling. She
said to the women of San Francisco, Or
ganize! •
"It takes men a long time to learn that
what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the
gander," she continued.
"It has taken men wno have been sing
ing 'The Land of the Free and the Home
of the Brave' for 100 years just 100 years
to realize that it is as important for them
that woman should have the same free
dom and power by which she can attain
to her highest development. What is
wealth? Some man has said 'wealth is
King.' He was right. What is the wealth
of the world? Is it the gold stored up?
Labor is wealth ; labor is King. You have
your right hand of labor free, but the left
hand of labor is tied. Untie this hand
then, so that the women laborers of Cali
fornia may go with you to the ballot-box.
Yon laborers are under the greatest disad
vantages to-day because women are dis
franchised.
"As the men toilers of the State need the
ballot-box to protect themselves, so/too,
the women toilers need the ballot-box to
protect them. If men need the ballot
and organization to protect their integ
rity, their manhood, how much more does
woman need it to protect her virtue, her
integrity, her womanhood?"
In the name of the women organiza
tions of the country she thanked the labor
unions for what good they have done for
omen.
The orchestra broke in upon the ap
plause following Miss Shaw's closing
words with "Home Sweet Home" and the
celebration of Labor day was at an end.
Our new presses, insuring good and cheap
printing, are here. Sanborn, Vail & Co. ♦
• ♦ «
A Wrestling Match.
Henry Piatt of the Reliance Club of Oakland
and James Davis of the Columbia Athletic Club
of this City have been matched to wrestle for
the 125-pound championship of the coast for a
valuable trophy at the rooms of the Columbia
Athletic Cluo, 1106 Golden Gate avenue, on
September 19.
NEW TO-DAY. •
GOLD CURE,
, Liquor and Opium Habit — Cures Guaranteed
i No publicity, private sanitarium, best facili-
ties, lowest charges. Home treatment, book
free, fifth year. Any inebriate of sound mind
can be cured and will remain cured.
GOLD CURE, 808 G ST., Sacramento, Cat.
m RUPTURE, i
[|jJPf If ruptured, too naturally hope to obtain relief M
£■«*? from pain: security from Strangulated Hernia and a pS
ttW fxrman-Dtctireif po«fible. Please iuTeiiigat': "Dr. £3
■i Pierce s Pat. Munfill! Elastic Trust." and ton willSl
Hfb« surprised at what jqu will learn. This Tru^! gM
Kf poiltlvely don tits »nd is worth $1,000 to any M
Rj ruptured nan or woman. If you want the BEST, Jew
Ml call or lend 3 en, in etarapi tor free Pamphlet No. 1. Butt
■ It contain* full information. CST The scientific ad- f&M
m 'n«trnent of truisr « utourofflce a«peeialtT. Addreta flK;*l
■ UARNF.TIR ELASTIC. TRUSS CO., No.?o4<N'.W lf§2a
I cor. Sacramento & Keaxor 6iw Siai'raacisco, Cal. fl|
When writing for further particulars to any of the health or
(Pleasure Sftesorts in these columns kindly mention the CJ(jC<£.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. 7
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO !
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
Good Climate and the Great 3 st Va-
riety and Finest Mineral Springs
In the World. -
Fall season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, bathing, boating
and fishing. -'^. *
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK. |
For full particulars address
LEI I). CRAIG.
316 Montgomery St., S. F.
Or J. CKAIO,
Highland Springs, .Luke Co., Cal.
fffc ■ fH A I #% o^k HOT BPiunsras,
UfllLPHl^ll t i ° U Caf y - ™,"e
nilmOU gsgu^s!
wr *■' health.rest.plons-
nre, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swlmminsr tanks. mas-
sage treatment, hunting, and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
daily, for Soiedad: Return-trip ticket, $8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements tor !
1896, address K. ROBERTSON, Manager. j
fITT" 1 fS fifi nOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If II• I ' V County, only 1V 2 hours from
\ lV U ITIT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
II |\ 11 II II II staging: new road through
****** vi vi Kf canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr. j
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa- '
greeable winds: mosquito* and other annoyinsc I
insects unknown. 'lake Tiburon ferry at 7:;->J
a. h. or 3:30 p. M. Ronnd-trip ticket only $5.50. :
Telephone and telegraph, dally mall- and express. !
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
. J. F. MULG RE W. Proprietor.
MOUNTAIN HO^E.
The Recognised Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt- '
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Tabl9 '
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve- ;
nir, stage at Madrono every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting witn
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
, . , VIC PONOKLKT, Llagag. CaL
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER NKW MANAGEMENT.
■DATES $ 2 TO $2 50 I'KU DAY, $3 TO $14 PER '
XV week; all baths free.
W. H. HAKRON. Proprietor.
ASTORG ' SPRL\G JHXERAL WATER.
FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH: FROM j
J? Cobb Valley, Lake County greatest medicinal
and curative water on earih. Hundreds cured; |
thousands recommend it in San Francisco. Unlim- i
ited supply at the depot, 108 Fifth street. Selling \
hundreds of gallons daily.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; mm and flowers. Ad
dree » P. O. box 220. v 1
I I&i BkNil Wm lilted
mmw ■' SJ^mSSn Httu^w. %J>.\^\Vu JM
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladl S the ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
**PgK P3ITIJ, MIDMIUHT.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHAKLES H. PHILLIP3, ATTOBNEY-AT-
\J law And Notary i>ubllc B3jJ Marltat «t, opp> :
MM Palace HotaL Telephone 57a iS**l4«aO« Id 14
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
OPEN ALL WINTER.
IT IS FULLY AS IDS AX, A "WINTER
. AS A SUMMER RESORT.
HOT AIR HEATERS.
OLD FASHIONED
OPEN FIRE PLACES.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
RHEUMATISM, LIVER. KIDNEY
end STOMACH TROUBLES.
Reduced Rates Oct. 1, 1896, to May 1, 1897.
.Address pit correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRIXGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. S.
ran>i'hiet» sent lo any ari dress free.
MPA ■sODA.SPRISfIS,
California's I-amoui Mountain Spa!
liAV* YOU EKK>- IUEBh; UtklJ-.'
3CCOIe«)t above Xapa Vaiu»y. CUmatn nnsnr-
rassed. Views magrniflcent. Table supplied from
orchard «nd ocean, field aiul farm, 110 l and cold,
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofllce.
Bniros to ride. Bowling alleys, lenn!3, croqaat,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Rd-
lief for asthmatic*. ■ WARM . WATEB sWIM-
Ml>G TANK, ah ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JaCKSSUX, SapabodaSprinza
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael, California.
FIFTY MINUTK9 FROM SAN KKANCISCO.
Asa Winter resort or iiome ii has no equal ia
the world.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rales for Fall and Winter guests.
R. H. WAKFIKLI) <fc CO.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
RECRKATIOX. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
J-V vallfls. consisting of lar^e main building, cot-
taget and tents ou mou.iiiiinskleoverlockinc.Vapa
Valley, steam heat, elevator, cat! bells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and si.'am baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming lauic, gymnasium and beautiful inoun
tain walks «re among the amusements, i'ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
RIVKRSIDE KANCII-OX THE BANKS O?
J-t Eel River. 8 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
dociuo County; round trip, S9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishinsr, hunting, bathing nnd beating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent tabU;
inilic, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
OILLESPIK. Potter Valley, Me iiciocluo County.
AT BELMOST, SAX MATEO COUNTY
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm City. MRS. HAXSEN.BeImonc.
HOTJfiL HE REDWOOD, SANTA CRUz"
Mountains; board $7 to 810 a week: also
cainpind facilities, tents, etc. Address M. B. COX,
Ltnirel.
ANITA VILLA, WBIGKTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains: fine luiaily resort. J. lIAKS-
TKUS, proprietor. . -. . .. i
A, WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TES
■<:»- AEEKI/YTCALL. in wrftDDer. for mailias.
i&ftm OR. HALL'S REOTIGOIUTOU
THIS SECBET REMEDY stojjs
SaST Ik3k nil losses in 24 hoars. Restores
SDR. HALL'S REKYIGOIUTOR
THIS gBCBET REMEDY stops
nil lo*s»9 in 24 hours. Kestorea
SCaabood, Enlarge* Small Organs,
s£S] E§F cures Emissions, Impoteocr, Varlco-
-33a SSi cele, <sonoiTh(«n, Gleet. Kits, Stric-
yiy Ii tures, Blood Disease and all wasting
sKS r5« eltecLs of ?-e!f- Abase or Kxcesses.
»-,>>nft*V r 3 Scut sealed, $2 per bottle, THKEJ3
BOTTLED, $5-. guaranteed to cure any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITL'IK,
855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.-
All private diseases quickly cured. Send . for
free book. . .■
TT J| IU An A la *»" v " refreshing Ma
lAnS M H fr " lt Io *<- ni ?<*.
I nillnll very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
m__ m __ __ hemorrhoids, bile, - .-
HII fin fl " 11 loss of appetite, gastric mi*
111 UIEL Hi intestinal troubles and
■ ■■ ■" ■ ■*■ ■■ " headache arising
r from them. - ' '• "
ADII I All 3S Ru«de. Archives p»rt»
B«K I UN 38 Ru« dea Archives, Part*
«8 1! 1 1 Urn 3£ Sold by a ii Dni«gUtt
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
HMMAUI OF this MAMBJtX*
Holiday In the East— no quotations.
silver unchanged.
Wheat futures weaker.
Feed Barley a fraction lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay ami feedstuff* unchanged.
Beans nominal.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs steady.
.More Kastern Poultry due.
Fresh Fruit quiet. , i
Dried Apricots very firm.
Other Produce unchanged.
Increased exports of >pecie.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of Gold Coin at San' Francisco
for the month of August was as follows:
Paid for duties ««» -JOO
Exported 636,400
Total withdrawn <?il?*sno
Coined in August 3..^15,U00
Added to local circulation $2,869,100
For the firs: eicht months of the year the move
ment was as follows:
Paid for duties $8,488,500
Exported ....11.U2 600
Total withdrawn «14, 621,000
Coined same time 13,366,5U0
Loss to local circulation $1,256,500
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of Specie from this port during the first
eight months of 1896 were $21,100,636 against
$14,318. lhtf for the same period In 1895. The
leading d>scri|« ions this year were as follows: >U
ver Bars, $3,711,316: Mexican Dollars, $4,202,
-432: Sliver Coin, $11,182,467.
Kxpianation.
The arrow files with '.he wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It, if any, the amount of j
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredths, •
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hit'h" means high barometric pressure and
Is usably accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
bat when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "hiith" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected in summer and colder
' weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
kill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
sited States Department of Agbicttit
tube. Weathkb Bureau, Sax Fba>?cisco, Sept.
7, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day: I
Eureka 62. Fresno 98, San Diego 76, Red Bluff
98, San Luis Obispo 76, Ynma 100, San Francisco
61, Los Angeles 88.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 56. mean 58.
An area of low pressure covers the Dakotas,
Nebraska, Wyoming, Utah, Nevada and southern
Idaho to-night. It Is one of the best marked lows
that have appeared for some time west of the
Missouri Valley.' The pressure has fallen during
the past twenty-four hours over all the districts
numed above. It is rising rapidly over Montana.
The extension of the low appears to be in a south
west direction, which will probably result In a
decided fall in temperature within tie next thirty
six hour» over Utah, Nevada and Eastern Cali
fornia-
There has been a remarkable fall in temperature
over the northwestern quarter of the United States
In the past twenty-four hours. In Montana mere
has been a fall of from 36 to 38 degrees: in East
ern Washington from 16 to 22 degrees. Thunder
storms have occurred In Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. September 8. 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy with light tag in
the morning and probably cooler Tuesday after
noon and night in the fast portion: light north
westerly winds on the coast; sou.heriy w lnds in
land.
- Southern California— Cloudy and somewhat
threatening weather: cooler in the eastern portion:
probably showers in the mountain districts; light
southwesterly winds.
Nevada— and threatening weather: de
cided y colder Tuesday and Tuesday night.
Utah — Cloudy and probably thunder showers;
decididly colder Tuesday morning, Tuesday and
Tuesday night.
Arizona — Cloudy and threatening weather, prob
ably showers; cooler.
sail Francisco and — Cloudy and threat
ening weather; cooler Tuesday night; fresh west
erly winds.
A. G. McAdik. Local Forecast Official.
lUICAuU ...AAIiKM.
CHICAGO, 111, Sept. 7.— There was no Board
Trade here to-day.
BUTTER— The butter market was steady to
day. Business was light, owing to the holiday.
Creameries— Extras, 15c 1* lb: firsts, 13@14c;
seconds, ll@13c: imitation*, fancy, 12(3 13c.
fairies— Extras, 14c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c
Ladles— Extras, OVa&lOc: firsts, B©BV 3 c; packing
Block. 7Cai7V 2 c: grease. 4@sc.
I -(. ... — Slow, steady offerings light. Fresh stock,
12c dozen.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111.. Bent. 7—The
supply of cattle on sale to-day was moderate. he
demand was acilve ana prices were quo:ab:y
steady to firm. Oflerings of hogs were fair. '1 he
Inquiry was good and prices ruled fl m to 5c
higher. Ibe run of sheep was large and thede
man slow. The feeling was weak and a decline
of 10 a. lie took ii, ace.
CATTLK— HrceiDts. 19,000. Fancy beeves. *510
f.5 •.'(): i-'-osc.- to crime. 1300 to 1700 ft> steers.
4 7(1 a '. .ft): rood to choice steers. 1200 to 1600 ft).
J> 4t>fei ?i. medium steers, 1000 to 1300 Ib, $4 10
(a,4 Hi ,«lr -beef steers. 850 to ISOO lbs,
».i 70 (A 4 00: butcher steers. S3 'JO to X 65;
choice ■tocken and Seeders. 900 to 1250 lb, $3 40
&* 75: fair do. 500 to H75 Ib. $2 40@3 30; bulls,
choice to extra. $2 8O($3 25: bulls, poor to cnolce,
*;©a 76: cows ana h -ifem. choice to extra, $3 60
to 3 85; cows. fair to choice, «2 25@3 40; rows.
- common to fair canners. $1 2S(ai2 00; calves, good
to choice. *5 'Js(<us 85: calves, common to good,
• $:< 25(c85O0: Texas grass steers. &'Z 50&S 15.
Texas cows and balls, 91 7bt@2 50; .\Wstern ran
ning steers, $2 Csfc,4; Western range cows ana heif
ers, $2 15@3 50 : milkers and springers, t» head,
tZO&4'J: Western range steers, 82 76@)4.
iiUU&s— Receipts. -8,000. Heavy packing ana
rMpplni; lots. $2 BOia3 liO: common to choice
mixed, $2 85*0,3 30: choice assorted. $b as®
3 45: light, »3 15@3 45: plea, *2 25(03 30
-t-.HKk.ir—iteceipis. 20,000. interior to choice,
* 2(8.3 25; lambs, »2 50.a.4 25.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SAMSS.
CHICAGO, 111, Bept. 7.-Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows: : Plums
—Japan, * 1 75@ f ? half crate. Grapes—Tokay,
»l@-2 half crate. Muscats, 70c@$l Sb; Rose de
reru. '•' c. Prunes— Gros and Hun arlan, $1 55
« half crate; German. $1 40; Silver. $1 1%1 20:
French. 65c. Pears— Bartletts, SI 10<d,l 56 a box
knd 609601 "$ half box. I'eaches-Plcquet's Late,
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WtttfELOCK & CO.,
. 4 Leluesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
BHANCH OFFICE
188 Market SU, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main (828
J. S. PCEUY, Manager.
Orders instantly, executed on • latest market quo
, tations. Reference Ist National Bank, s. FT
CHICAGO. ariuvii*. wiu. tikiW YOBX,
$1 0501 10 "& box: other varieties, 60@95c. Nec
arlnes— 85c f>- half crate.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Kno.. Sept. The spot market
is steady. Cargoes dull at 27s lV&d, sellers, prompt
shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchanee cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: - Sep- ■
tember, 6s l%d; October, 5s l*!4d: November, 5s
2d; December, ss2i/ad; January, 6s 3d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Ens., Sent. 7.— Consols. 112%: sil
ver, 30tyad : French Rentes, 103f 22y 3 c.
EXCHANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight ' — 4 88
Sterling Cables. — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine silver, "f ounce — 66V4
Mexican Dollars ... — 61Va
PEODUOE MARKET.
WHEAT AN OTHER GRAINS. *
WHEAT— The Queen Elizabeth takes for Cork
5 9, 629 ctis, valued at $5 1 00.
The market rules easy and are lower. No. 1,
95<S9eVic fi ctl; choice, 97% c; lower trades, 87^
@9-'ViC: extra choice for milling, $I@l 02 Va ¥ cil.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session-— 9:15 o'clock— December—
20U0 ctl 99V&C
second bessiox— December— 6000 ctls, 993/ c
Regi'lah Mobnino session — December —
2000 ctls, 993/, c.
afternoon Session— December— l4,ooo ctls,
99V* c.
Bah LEY— Feed is a fraction off and quiet.
We quote Feed, 60<§»6334c f» ctl: choice bright,
BSc« ctl; Brewing. 72V^@80c 9 ctl; Chevalier,
90c@$l for No. 1.
CALL BOABD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular Mobniko Session— No sales.
afternoon Session — December— 2ooo ctls,
67% c.
OaTS-No change to report. New Feed are
quotable at 75@85c "& rtl: old milling, 87^
(g.92Vj,c: fancy feed. 92V>@95<"- good to choice,
Ssrs92^c: common to fair, 75(g80c; Gray, 85
©87 Vie; Surprise. 95c@$l 021.2
CORN —Offerings exceed tbe demand, which la
very dull. Large Yellow, 87V a @9oc; Small Konud
do, 87y 2 @9oc V ctl; White, 70c. »
RYE— 7o@72%c ■$ ctl for old and 62Va@65c
for new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at BS@9sc 9 cIL
FLOCK AND MILL9TUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 ■$ bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
[5,3 50; superfine $2 75@3.
COKNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn. 19 60@20;
Cracked corn. $20 60@21 "# ton.
MILLSTUFF —Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 92 10;
Rye Hour, $2 50; Rice l-"lour, $6 75; Cornmeal,
:2: 2 10; extra cream do, $2 76: < 'at meal, $2 90; Oat
• ro.its, $3 50; Hominy, $3 10@S SO; Buckwheat
Flour. $3 10@3 30: Cracked Wheat. 75: Fa
rina, S3 SO; Whole Wheat Hour, $2 30: Rolled
Oats, $3 50: Pearl Barley, $3 60; Split Peas, $3 20;
Green do, $4 10 $ 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS,
Receipts of Bran are larger.
BKAN-513@13 50 for the best and $12@12 60
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 91 » ton for lower grades,
and Sl7@lß i» ton for the best. \' - " -
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 814 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 "# ton: Jobbing, $22; clipped
Oats. 97V«c@$l 05 * ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $7@10; Wheat and Oat, ?6@9:
Oat. *s<s>7 60; Barley. $6@7; elver Barley, $4 SO®
5: Alfalfa. $5 60@t> 50 for second and 94 60@5 for
first cuttine: compressed $6@9; stock, $405;
Clover, e@7 50.
STRAW— 3O@SSc ? bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at $1(31 15 V
ctl; Small Whites, 95c@?l 10 V ctl: Pea, 95c
©$. 15 Tj>. ctl: Large Whites, 85@95c ? ctl: Pink,
76©' 6c %>. ctl: Reds, $I@l 50 * ell; Blackeye,
$1 -Js@l 50: Red Kianey, $I@l 10: Liruas, $1 80
®205: Butters, nominal.
SEEDS— Flaxseed weak and declining. Brown
Mustard, $2 55@2 66; Yellow Mustard, $1 25
@160; Flax. $1 3U@l 35: Canary, 2V4@23 /4 c "$
lb: Alfalfa, nominal: Rape, 2y c: Hemp, 3VaC.
DRIKD PEAS— SI 10<g/l 40 fi cil for Nile's and
SI U5(3,l 50 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Arrivals are large again and the
market is weak. Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 25: Uarnet
Chiles, 60@65c ft cil: Early Rose, 25@35c; Bur
bank Seedlings, 25@35c for Rivers and 60@90c for
Salinas.
ONlONS— Unchanged at 25@35c$ctl; Pickles,
50c $ sack.
VEGETABLES— No change to report. Marrow
fat Squash, $5@7 %* ton: Green Corn, 25f«75c
1* sack: Alameda Corn, 75c@$l * crate; Berke
ley Corn, 25@50c <r» box: Summer Squash,
25c i* box for Bay: Egg Plant, 26@40c V box:
Tomatoes. 10©'J5c box for Hivers and 16®
SOc "f, box for Bay: Alameda Cucumbers. 15(cu30c;
Pickes, 50@65c V- box for No 1 and 25@:>Oc ~(3 ctl
for No. 2; Green Peppers, 25@35c %* large box tor
Chile and 25@35c for Bell: Green Peas, 50@76c
fi sack for common and 2@2y 2 c ?!b for Garden;
String Beans, 50@75c V sack for common and 2@
2y 2 c Vlb for garden; Limas, sOc@»l 25 "^ sack;
Green Okra, 25©40 c V box: Cabbage, 40c ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c 9 sack; Garlic, l@l%c fi lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Eastern. sold at 13@14c for Tur
Keys, $."> 60@6 for Hens, $5@5 60 for young Roost
ers, «4@4 60 for old Boosters and $2 50@3 50 for
Broilers. Another car Is expected to-day.
Live Tnrkevs are quotable at 14@15c Ib for
Gobblers 13@14c * lb for Hens: young Turkeys,
14@16c; Geese, pair, $.@1 25; Goslings, $1 25<a
2; uucks, ts@'6 50 ft doz for old and $3 50@4 60
for young; Hens, $4@5: Roosters, young. $3 60
t5 f* dozen: do, old, *4@4 50: Fryers, S3@3 a 5;
rollers, $2 50@3 for large and $2 25@2 60 for
small; Pigeons, SI 50@l 75 9 dozen for young and
$1 25@1 60 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Firm at the advance.
Creamery— Fancy, 2tt@26 1 /2 C 9 lb, with sales
higher: seconds, 23@24c. >
— Fancy, 22i'jj@23\4c: good to choice,
18<g.21c; lower cradts, H.'J,fe(§jl7V«c «i lb.
Pickled— ls@i7o ■? lb.
Firkin— l4@lsc ~& lb.
CHKK.sk — Choice mild new Is quotable at
9c '?, lb; common to good old, 6V2@BV2 C 9 n.:
Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America, 9®loc;
Western, 10@llc; Eastern, U@l3c lb.
EGGS— strictly choice are firm, but i rdinary
Stock is dull. Oieeon are quotable at 12(<$13c V
dozen; Eastern, 14^@16c tor fair to choice and
lbc for fancy: store Eggs, 12@14c for ordinary and
15<517y 2 for good; ranch Kggs, 19@23c, with
some sales even higher: cold-storage ranch, 17@
18c; Duck Eggs, 16©17 "0 doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— '
Prices showed no noteworthy change.
Quinces, 40c ft box.
Peaches, 25@50c ?* box, 20@30c «> basket, $15
©18 ~f> ton lor freestones and $25@30 i* ton for
clings.
Plums, 25@50c » box.
Pomegranates, $I@l 26 f. box.
Apples, 75c@$l V- box for choice and 40©60 c
for common.
Pears, 25@40c box; Bartletts, 40@65c ft box.
Figs, 25Ca50c: box for white and 25467 5 c for
black.
BERRlES— Arrivals are moderate and the mar
ket is firm. ■
Strawberries, $6@7 f, chest for Longwortbs and
$1 5(>(a.3 50 for large berrle*.
Raspberries, t'Mgtl ¥ chest.
Blackberries, $2"@3 60 'f. chest.
Huckleberri'S, 7c Ib-
GRAPES— Tne demand and supply about balance
Seedless. 40&M)c t* box: Isabellas, 60@i>0c lf> bas
ket: Tokays, 40@65^ f, box: Black Grapes, 40f<x60c
IS box: Muscats. 30(a,60c: Sweet waters and Fon
tainebleaux, 21@40c «* dox; Grapes in crates bring
6ra.K)c more than in boxes.
MELONS — Watermelons continue weak and
plentiful at $2@6 %* 100; Cantaloupes, 50cro,$l «
crate: Nutmegs. 20@35c * box. ■.-- .vTT--
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges are nominal at $2
@3*iS box for Valemias and $1 50@2 "~i> box for
Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1 50(42 » dox
for common and t'l &o@3 for good to choice: Mex
ican Limes, *tf fO?» box: California Limes. 60
@75c: Bananas, $I@2 'f, bunch; Pineapples, J2
<&.i 50 $ dot
DKIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-
Prunes, though anil, are rather steadier. Apri
cots are very firm with prospects of better prices.
Peaches are steady.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
- Si n A ?^o? J^s- AprlcoU> 6 8 ° *'" ft for Royals
P^nn» &££' for choice to fnncy Moorparks;
fhTr^i* ? ! eßches ' S@4cV lb for prime to
choice, 6V%c for fancy and 9 10 c for peeled In
boxes: Apples, 6c for evaporated and S@2V c for
sun-dried; Pears, 3V*@4c for prime toTholcV. 5c
for quarters and 6,°6 ,° for halves; i*l urns. 4c for pit
ted and 1%92c for unpitted: Nectarines 3fa,4c
Figs, 2 V °4c. C forfaDcy; whlle Figs, 3c; black
Jobbinh PBir-Es-New Peaches. 4Vt@sV 2 c »
ft,: fancy. 7c * Ib; new Apricots, 6®fc^ lb
fancy, 8c; Moorparks, 10@llc: newT/a,K>Vated
Apples, 6c; sun-dried.' 3c; JTutie,, 3c for the four
sizes, new Figs, black. jv,c for uni. essed ana
3^3»4 for pressed: white tf K s, 4c; Plums. 5c for
pitted and /2 c for unpitted; new Nectarines 4
©5c f, Tb for prime to fancy: Pears, 3V»@4i,4iC for
whole. 6c for quarters and 6c for halves,
; RA i BIN S — - , -'
■- cart, ad Pric a, f. o. b. Fresno- Four-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown 3V4c; 2-crown, HKc™ Seedless
Sulunai. 4c: Seedless Muscatels. 2vlc; "own
London layers, .$110: clusters, -$1 85; i>ei,.. 8 a
clusters, $1 75: Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
Giavs. 2^4 c f> lb.
Jobbing Pbi. m?— Four-crown, loose, 4iAc- 3
crown, 3%c ? lb: 2-crown, »c ft tt.; seedlesS Sul
tanas, 5c ■& n>; seedless Muscatels, 3UfC; 3-crown
London layers, 91; clusters, $150 Dehesa clus
ters, (2 50: Imperial clusters, V2 60 '
NUTS— Quotations are m follows: Walnuts,
THE RAW FKAJNt'ISUU CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
nominal: new Almonds, 7c V Ib for Languedoc,
V It) for hardshell and 9@loc >, Ib for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts 4@6c& it. tor Eastern and
for California; HicKory Nuts, 6@6c 9 &>;
Pecans, 7%®bc; Filberts, 7V2@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7%@SC %*. tb; Cocoanuts, 54Q,5 # 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12^c tor bright and s@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6@f>Vac;
light amber extracted, 4i£@4%c; dark amber, 1$
4-4 c; aark, 2@3c & Tb. .
iJEESWAX-26@27c $ lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6^c for
heavy, 7VaC p\ lb for light medium. 9@9V 3 c ft lb
for light, l'J@l lc for extra lignt and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12;t)il2V&c:
California. Hams, lu@lle*»lt>; Mess Beef, $70
8: extra mess do, $8: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $8(3.8 50; extra Clear, $13 V bbl;
mess, $il 60@12 ft bol; Smoked Beef, 10c ft fit.
i. A 15 li— Eastern tierces is quoted at 414 ci* to
for compound and 51.4 c for pure; pails, 6c lb;
California tierces, 4V2C for compound and syacy a c ior
pure; ba.f-bbls, b%c; 10-tti tins, tsV*c: do 6-lb,
6Vj.c * lb.
COTTOLENE— 6y B cin half- bbls and 63^®
Vy 8 * tt. in 10-n. tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quoted at 6c "# !b; culls and brands,
f)©sVsc % lb: medium, 6c V lb; culls and
brands, 4@4*/aC ?t &>; light, 4c; culls and
brands, a&aysfi; Cowaidcs. 4@4y 2 c: culls and
brands, 3(s4c; salted Kip, 4c: sailed Calf. 6c V tb:
salted Veal, sc; dry Hides. 9(a9Vic: culls and
brHiias, 7c: dry Kip and Veal.7@Bc; cull?, 6c;
dry Calf, 12@14c; culls, B@9c; Guatskins. 20®
35c each: Kids, sc: Deerskins, good summer,
25©27% c: medium, 15@.2i^c; winter, 7@loc;
Sheepskins, shearings, 10415 c each: short wool,
20@35ceach; medium, 40<&50c each: long wools,
50@60 each. Culls of all kinds about Vie less.
J ALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 2y 3 fa3c; No. 2,
214 c; refined, 4s^@sc: Grease, 2c %4 lb.
WOOL— Hum boidt and Mendocino, 10@llc; Val
ley Oregon, 10@llc lb; do lower grades, 8@10c;
Nevada, 6@B-.jC; San Joaquin and Southern
Coast, six months, 4@6c; San Joaquln, foothlir,
good to choice, 6y2@7yj|C; San Joaqnli, year's
fleece. 4@sVoc; northern free, 7<£)9c; do defective,
s@6U,c %i Hi.
HOPS— Nominal at 2@3c 9 Ib for 1896.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, weak at
$4 12y 2 @4 20: San Quentiu, $4. 20; Wool Bags.
24X4@26V^c
COAL— Wellington, $8 ?! ton; New Wellington,
$8 V ton: South Held Wellington, $7 50 "H ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryan , $5; Coos May, $4 50;
Wallsend, $7: Scotch, $7 60; Brymbb, $7 50;
Cumberland, $13 50 V- ton in bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 f* ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9; Cannel, $7 50; t.ock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 00; Coke,
j $11@12 in bulk and $13 9 ton In sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Helinlng Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5 %c:
Powdered, 5%c: Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c: confectioners' A, 4%i - : Magnolia A,
43/ t c; Extra C, 4 Vic: uoidenC, aXLe; half barrels.
Vie more than barrels, and boxes Vi.c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4y*<asc; second do. 4@
4ysc: third do. BV2C f* lb.
yE A L— Large, 4®sc; small, s@6c "# St
MUTTOiS — Wethers, 4Va@sc; Ewes, 4@4J£c
LAMB— 6@6c fi lb.
PORK— Live nogs. 2%c ft for large and 3c
for small and medium ; dressed do, 4y a^sc 'i* &>.
RECEIPTS OP PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Floor, qr sks.... 3,228 Butter, ctls 144
Oregon 3,1 v 2v 2 Cheese, ctls 39 1
heat, ctls 15,600 Kggs- doz ... 7,350 !
Barley.ctls 22,200 Hides, no 641
Beans, sks - 1,514 Pelts, bdls 150
Oats, ctls... 1,545 Wine, gals 63,300
Corn, ctls 190 Wool, bis 209
Rye. ctls 570 Sugar, bbls 1,907 |
Potatoes, sks.... 6,277 Lumber, M feeu. *0 j
Onions, s-;-, 720 Quicksllver.flsks 30!
Bran, sks 910 Flaxseed, sks... 266 \
Oregon, sks 5.ri82 Shorts, Or, sks.. 1.250 !
Middlings, sks... 640 Leather, rolls.. 295
Hay, tons 984
• — ♦ •
PACIFIC COAST BONDS.
A special committee appointed by the Board of
Trade of Santa Barbara County reported in favor
of bonding the city to the amount of $50,000 to
provide a water supily. The committee consists
of E. S. Sbeitield, M. B. McDutlie, A. Oarland and '
A. B. Williams. The Board of Trade adop ed the i
report with but one dissenting voire. The use of '
salt or fresh water is yet to be aetermlned. The j
election was set for yesterday to determine wneth- '
er the bonds shall issue. In certain contingencies
tin- amount may not exceed $36,000.
The city of Los Angeles has brought suit against*
Charles F. lilcknell, the Auditor of Los Augeles
County, praying the court to order the defendant
to draw and deliver to tne City Treiisurer of Los
Angeles hit war ant upon the county treasury for
the sum of $3829, to be deposited in* the tieasury
of the city of l.os Angeies in a separate fund to be
devoted to the cure and maintenance of the streets
in the annexed portion of the Rosedale road dis
trii-t.
N early all of that district has lately been an
nexe'l 10 the city of Los Anueles and the Super
visors have lost control of (t and have no authority
to etnend any money upon it or to retain any
other funds which might proDerly have been ex
pended upon It if it had not become a part of the
city.
The Los Angeles Mlnlnc and Stock Exchange
may resume business after election, according to
the Los Angeles Uecord.
Bids for school bonds of the Harold school dis
trict amounting to $3500 will be opened by the
supervisors of Los Angeles County September 23
at ' 2p. m. The bonds are 7 per cents, are ten In
number, maturing in from one to ten years from
October 1, 1896, and are of the denomination ot
$350 each.
The Los Angeies City improvement bonds have
been declared valid by the supreme Court. Ex
tensive street work will bealonce undertaken on
Johnston stre-.t, Cusler avenue and other thor
oughfares.
The Ainsworth National Bank of Oregon will
share in a dividend of 25 per cent from the estate
of H. L. Darr under order of the court.
The affairs of the Oregon National Bank of Al
bany have been finally wound up and Receiver
Beall has returned to h s home at The Dalles.
The Pasadena Oas Company has authorized an
Issue of bonds to enlarge Its works and to lay at
least ten miles of additional mains in the city
streets.
Lordsburg refn«ed to vote school bonds. The
majority against, the proposition was only 3.
Tte $13,<H)j bonds which Riverside has voted
will be apportioned as follows: For reminding
bonds falling due this year, $10,000; for an a<tdi- I
tional school building. $4000. The bonds will oe |
payable as lollows: $5000 in eight year.-*, $5000 in
nine ycurs, $3000 in ten years. The interest rate I
is 6 per cent.
The Phoenix Gaiette tells of the transfer of I
$150,000 worth of land in the Salt River Valley 1
to an Eastern syndicate. Some of the details of I
the di-al are as follows: A p«ach, pear and apricot !
orchard of 440 acres, west uf (ilendale. brought
$110,000; a 100-acre orange orchard brought
$40,000. The deal was made at Chicago by W. J.
Murphy, president of the Arizona Improvement
Company. The syndicate will incorporate as the 1
Glendale Fruit Packing Company and will put up '
a packing-house to handle the fruits of Sail, Itiver I
Valley and a cannery is also projected.
Auditor of San Diogo County ha« mad<
c report of county finances to the Board of Super
visors. He figures the expenses of the county ior
the fiscal year 1896-97 at $174,034 78, of which '
the salary fund amoun.s to $49,108 36. Less 5 per
cent for delinquencies the hasU of the tax rate is
$13,858,335. The property of the county is valued
as follows: Real estate and improvements, $13
-483,029; railroads, $168,442; personal property,
nionev and solvent credits, $1,663,649. Total
$15,305,120. '
An ordinance adopted at Los Angeles makes the
tax levy ior payment on interest and sinking
funds as follows:
Bonds of 1877 00 27
Bondsof 1881 ".■■■■. 0L44
(it-ueral improvement bonds os!h4
School improvement 1879 [ 0,-I*4o
Interest sewer 1890 " 06 S2
Funded debt 189 i .".".'. 0104
Outfall siwer \\[ 0704
Public school improvements " 04 14
Water system Improvement "..'."' 00 44
Central Police Station 00.87
30.00 I
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstocks were firm on the afternoon call
yesterday and most of the leaders showed a slight
advance.
Alta is assessed 10 cents. '
The following mining companies report cash on
hand September 1: Alta $2858, Andes 18719
Alpha Consolidated $359, Belcher $2871, Best
Belcher $18,220, Bodie Consolidated $1192 (be
sides the bullion product of the ■ mine for August
to be received). Bulwer Consolidated $6224 (be
sides bullion to be received), Bullion $1484, Cale
donia $4301. Consolidated California & Virginia
$7842 (besides unsold bullion of the assay value
of $42,885 at the Carson mint). Confidence $1 169
Church $8404, Choliar $20,298, Consolidated Im
perial $3835, Challenge Consolidated $259, Con
solidated' New York $1687, Crown Point $15H7
Exchequer $1664. Hale & Norcross $2312, Julia
consolidated $113, Mexican $7320, Mono $2129
Overman $7594, Potosi $3934, Savage *5508.'
Herra Nevada $16 : >4, Silver Hill $1028. silver
King $1727, Standard Consolidated, $21,607 Syn
dicate $653 Union Consolidated 12093, Utah Con
solidated $847. ■ . „■
The following mining companies report an in
delredness: Gould & Curry. $164; Lady Wash,
iugton. $146: Occidental Con.. $1710.
Additional reports from the Comstock are as
follows: •. -, •. . •'
In the Ophlr mine on the 1000 level west cross
cut 1 from the south drift from the shaft station
70 feet north of the south boundary. Is In 572
feet; the face is in porphyry carrying seams of
ciuy, with a sllsht seepage of water. The average
assay value of the material In the face of the
crosscut Is $1 25 per ton. In the old Central tun
nel workings or UieOphira north drift has teen
started on the sill floor from the west crosscut
132 feet from the Mexican shaft. This crosscut
has I) en advanced in old eround of former work
ings, assaying $8 p»-r ton. . - ™
' Jin.- the . Potosi mine (Comstock working*) the
west crosscut from the north drif i run • from the
top of the raise, 450 level, is now out 130 feet
having been- advanced 12 feet, ail the way in
quart* of low value. The west cro.scut from the
south drift in the same level has been ■ stopped in
the same character of material as reported last
week.
la the Cholfar mine (Comstock workings) they
continue to work south on the ninth and tenth
floors in |the stop* above crosscut 2 on the 450
level, the pay varying from 2 to 4 feet In width
of fair grade. In the south slope on the stun* level
the work is confined to the sixth, seventh and
eighth floors in old fillings and ore in place east of
them, with no special change to report. Have
saved from all points since last report 102 tons of
ore, which has been shipped to the Nevada mill for
reduction, the average battery assay of which was
$ 22 15 per ton. Have shipped to the United states
mint two bars of 1,011. the clean-up of 360 tons
of ore. The par value of the bull on was $6618 93.
Hams 4 Nobcboss (Comstock workings)— On
the 900 level have advanced the north drift 10
feet; total length 282 feet. Upraise I—Work
ing south on third floor, and started to raise for
the fourth floor. The ore streak is improving.
No work has been done In upraise 2. 1100 level
—Advanced nor; drift 12 feet: total length 166
feet face in porphyry. Extracted from 900 level
during the week 5 carloads of ore, assayine, per
mine-car sample. *35 60 in gold and 39.30 ounces
of silver p. ton.
Brunswick Consolidated California &
Virginia. Best <fe Belcher and Gould <fc Curry
(Brunswick lode)— Shaft This shaft was sunk
18 feet on the incline- total depth 363 feet: bot
tom in hard porphyry. 15 J level— The male
aouihdrirt, started from east crosscut 1. was ex
tended 10 feet: total length 154 feet; face in
porphyry and stringers of quartz. Gould &
Curry tunnel— The main tunnel has been •ex
tended 22 feet; total leng 918 feet; face in
porphyry and clay seams. The east crosscut
started In this tunnel 850 feet from its mouth has
been extended 18 feet, passine through porphyry,
clay and seams of quartz: total length 80 feet
Chollar (Brunswick lode)— Shaft I— A chute
Bx9lo feet has been finished under the 400 level
and the work of excavating the station at that
point is now under way ihe south drift on the
200 level has been advanced 60 feet during the
past week; total length from the Choi. ar north
line 356 feet. At this point they are preparing to
raise vertically to the surface for an airway and
manway jointly with the Hale A Norcross, Bavag*
and Potosi companies. On the 300 level the south
drift has been extended and timbered 34. feet,
making its total length 236 feet from the north
line. The fac- continues in porphyry.
Hale & Nobckoss (Brims* ie : lode)— Shaft 1—
Still cutting out for a station on the 400 level. The
chute has been completed. Have taken air pipe
and track floor from the 200 level to be used on
the 400 level. 300 level Extended the north drift
on this level 14 feet further, to the Savage C6m
pany's south boundary, and extended No. 2 east
crosscut 22 feeu Face in porphyry with a seepage
of water.
BOARD SALES.
Following' were ' the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
REGULAR MORNING SESSION, COMMKXCI.VB 9 :30.
60 Challnt. .58 10U Uxcn. ...60 100 S Ny 77
200 CC*V... 1.861 100 Ophir. 1.05 50 Union... 46
200 UAC .561100 Ovrmn.... 19400 x" Jackt_.3B
50 HAN. ..1.60 lOUPoioii 95 200 37
500 Kentck....o» 300 Savae 62
AFTERNOON SESSION— :30.
100 Aloha I*l 0 CC&V...1.95 500 P0t05i. .1.05
60 81cher....67 600 Con Im -.081260 Bay 67
300 B <fcli....l.lUUooConn... 1.65 350 68
300 1.15100 O<tC 200 Scorpion.. 10
100 Bodie. 6b 400 63 600 S N0v.... 82
100 67 100 .......64 100 Union 50
200 Bullion.. 200 H&N...1.6U 100 51
150 Challge... 6sloOJ Mcx 64 25 45
100 53 100 0ccidt1....65 100 Utah 10
60 64 260 .1.151100 YJac*<ii..4U
300 Ch0ir.. .2.451100 Ovrmn....lb rV,":C "
Following were the sales In the Pacific Block
Board yesterday:
RKOITLAR SEBSION-10:30.
100 Alpha 1890J Ch0ir... 2. 25 500 Occd 69
400 Alta 12 300 2.30 300 ..-64
100 Andes 32 200 2.35 500 65
400 3i 300 Conn. -.1.65:250 Ophlrl.o7y 3
100 Belcner....&7i2Uo . 1.50200 1.10
300 58 1000 C 1mp.. .03 301) OvTmn.._lß
300 500 ConN ... 05 200 Potoii.,l.oo
600 66 400 C P0int... .33J500 >Say 64
200 600 32 100 Scorpton.lO
700 8&8.1.07Va2i)0 O AC...68H00 ....12
500 1.10400 60400 58&A1....12
300 8u11i0n.... 10 200 62 400 » NT 78
200 11 1000 631300 .....77
600 Cha1ng....67 JO.) «j JIM) 79
300 56100 HAM... 1.60 300 Union C... 46
200 65 400 ... 1.52 - ,>OJ Ulan 09
400 53200 Julia (I? 300 x" JUk«..»9
600 62300 Justice... .o7 200 ; 6H
300 61 800 Kentuck..t H9OO 37
250 CCV....1.90 10J Mxcn 611200 36
200 .......1.021*. :;00 «4 . .
AFTKRNOOJC SESSION— 2:3O.
200 A1pha.... 19 100 Cunh....l.. r >:< 40'J Occd ......64
700 Alta 10 400 ....„ 1.52V»i700 0ph1r...1.15
100 Andes 34 400 C Point.... 34 500 Overman. 18
400 Blclir SKIOO Exchqr....of> 500 PotOsl.o2V>
1160 i<feß...;V»3Uo U&U... 63 1400 1.05
200 Bodle 6? 400 .64 300 Save 66
400 66.00 .65400 ....67
200 8u11i0n.... 111200 H<fcM...1.55;200 .............69
I 100 8n1wer...45|2J0 1.60 400 65
600 44*500 Julia OH 400 Scorpion.. l l
200 Caled 131.00 Justfce...O7 300 &8&M.....13
400 Change. ..S3 Kentuck.. oß2oo Ny 82
450 Ch0ir... 2.46 ; 200 ...._ 07 1000 is Hill ...02
200 CCV....1.95 Mcx 65 40J Union 60
1300.. ..1.92V21450 ...........66300 Utah .....10
600 C Imp ... .OSUOO Mono 2b'6Uu V -»»■"-
CLOSING quotations:
MONDAY. Sept. 7-4 p. it
• £iiiAlked.i ; ; Birt. Asked.
AlpnaOon. ... '18 T. 19 Jackson ....:r.> 25 ,- —
Alta. 08' 09 Julia. . . 06 08
Andes. .34 85LIustlce, 06 07
Belcher... 66 67 Kemuck. .. 07 08
Best & Belcher 1.10 1.15 Lady Wash.... 02 1)4
Benton C0n.... — 20 Mexican 63 65
Bodie 66 67 Mono .....•;.... 24 —
Bullion t9 10! Nevada Queen 03 —
Bnlwer. 48 —Occidental. ... 64 65
Caledonia. 10 12 Ophlr 1.10 1.15
Choliar 2.40 2.46 Overman.. 17 19
C0n.Ca1&Va...1.90 1.95 Potosi 1.00 1.06
Challenge Con. 52 . 63lbavage 67 68
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Scorpion .10 —
Confidence.... 1.50 I.6o|Seg. Belcher... 12 13
Con New York — 05 Syndicate — 04
Crown Point... 33 35 silver 11111 02 03
EastSlerra — 14 sierra Nevada. 81 82
KurekaCon... 25 — Union Con 50 62
Kxcheauer .... 04 05 Utah 09 10
tioula <V lurry. 62 64 Yellow Jacket. 37 38
haledLNorcni. 1.55 1.60
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Sept. 7—2 p. it.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Sift. Atk<rd.\ Bid. Atked.
riß4"iconp..lor.V2 — ÜB4sref... — 107% i
Do new l«suellss/s — |
MIRCKLLANItOrs nf>W«.
Cat-stCbleS^. — 111 Pacßolt M<s* - .■.■/^-•
Cal Elec L B*ll7 - Do 2d Is 6s. — '_
CntraCWS* — 94 I'AOKyf.i. — 115
Dpnt-stex-co 80 97 U. PiCh By 61 — 107*4
Edsn L*l'6sll7V2 - * Pwl-st RRBi. — — '
F4CHUK6S. - 103 Hmo,\VUL — 105
Ueary-stRSs. — 107 V 3 t-acto PA L. — 102 Vi
LosAngLOs. — 100 IAN PR ss. 96% —
Do«i;iteed6i - 05 Pl'KlUrtim — 99
Mkt-stCble6sll7% _ bPRRCaI6s. — 110%
DoßyConss.. - 103 >PRRCaI6«. — -
NatVln6slst 96 —"• SPBrRCal6i — 99V4
I NevCN R7s. 85 — SVWater6s.. 11 SS/illeV.
KPUKK.6s.IOO - SVWateris..' 97 —
I RyCal6s. — 100 HtktnCKtEßs — 100 14
ARy Cal ss. — 100 SunstTATS*. — -
Oak Gas 55.. 102 _ Sutter-stßss. 107 109%
Load Ja 65.. 10214105 YisaliaWCiM — —^
On*niDu» 0«.1i7 _
WATER STOCTM.
I Contra Costa - 40 iSanJose.... - _
jMarinCo.... 60 53 |Kprng Valley 67% 98
r as STOCKS.
Capital. 17% SO tPaclHc Llcht — 481 A
Central 95 — ISanKrancsco 9')i^ _ *
OakGLAH 61 5 4 Mockvou..... -^20
j PacGaalmp. — 82% i
. IINIAVQI STOCK*
Fireman's 156 — |Bnn 25 bo.
COMMERCIAL BANK STOPJC^.
AmerBATC. _ — LondonP&A.l23% —
Anglo-Ca1.... _ 68 LondonASlf. _ 27%
Bank of Cal.. — 234 • Merch Ex... IS —
Cal 8 D<feTColo7%llo Nevada — —
Hxst-NaUont. — 180 SatherßOO. - —
■AVINOS BANK STOTKT
RerSAliCo.l2so — SavALoan.. — ■ 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Securtly^.... _ 274
Mutual. _ 411 Unlou Trust 760 —
bi'Sav Union — 480 j '
California.... 105 " 107»4 Oak BL<SHay . — 100
Geary-st. - »0 (Presidio 8 -
Market-su... 42% 48 |Sutter-st - -
. ■ lUWDKH STOCKS.
Atlantic D.. 15 — iGtantCon.... 17 —
Eastern D... 70 <— Judson D.... — -
CalUornia.... 70 — iVigorlu ■. — 80c
MIBCttLIjAN'ItOUS STOCKS.
AiMlcs Plcm. ■. 90 . 95 NatVlnCo.. _ _
BlkPCoalCo. - 10 Oceanic — 20
Cal Cot Mills - — PacAuxKA. 1 —
Edison Light lies*. 116 PacßoraxCo. 98 100
GaaConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
GerLeadCo. BO 100 Part Pain 6% 7%
llawc-ASCa. 13% 14 PacTrmisCo. — 24
nutchSl'Co 18% 1914 Pac TAT Co. 70 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset TJfcT. 41 —
ii Elec JUulit. — 41^1 united CS Co. — 26
DALIIS-IIOB.M.SM UMUt
Board— ' '
75 Hutchinson 8 P Co 19 00
60 Market-st Kmiaiv 4125
26 Edison Light A Power C 0... 116 75
10 do do .. 116 62%
$1000 Oakland Gas Bonds, 2d 102 .0
15PacGasImp. 81 76 .
20 8 F Gasllsht. ".....■...... 90 62%
68 V Water.......... 97 50
Street— •*'-';
25 Hawaiian Commercial. ...'.. 13 26
200 S F GaailKm. 90 60 ,
6 do do .' 90 6i1%
.' SALKa— AFTERNOON' seas 10*.
Board— ■.'.,-., .
25 Contra Costa Water, s 90. 30 00
• f>o do ' d 0.500.. :...:...;. •.•'. 2950
10 Edison Llcht A Power Co :..:... 115 75 -
4 do do ..-.::. :.::.:; 116 62%
110 Hawaiian Commercial 13 75
« 000 .Market-st Cable 6% 80nd5........ 118 00
20 KF Gaslight 90 62%
60 V Water ..;... ................. 88 00
Street— '^^SBHSBMfIABHBHH
10 SF Gaslight • • 90 62%
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Friederlch A. Schnabel to Wilhelmina C Chap
man and Peter M. schnabel, lot on s line. of Waller
sreet, 100 W of Belvedere, W 26 by S 108:9.
gift.
H. I), and Nellie C. Lawrie, A. J. and sallle
Carmanv to Jane Hendry, lot on W ine of Folsom
street, 165 N of Twenty-flrat, N 25 by W 122:6;
Francesco and Rosa Fleone to Veronica Figone,
lot on B line of Jasper place, 77:6 S of Filbert
street, B 40 by E 60; «10.
Rose Ann Ungerto Arthut Uuger auaFlorFijun
Unger, undivided half of lot on W M»e of Main
street, 203 S of Mission. 9 26:2, W 137:6, N 46:2-
E 77:6, 8 20, X 60: gift.
Marie Elizabeth Martin to Ferdinand Laplace,
undivided Va of lot on NE line of seventh street,
275 N\V of Brannan. S\V 25 by NE 85: $10.
Monroe and Myrn A. Greenwood to W. S. Parks,
lot on £lme of Fourth avenue, T-5 Bof Lake
street, S 25 by IC 120: $10.
Louis F. Dunand to Timothy and Mary O'Calla
ghan, lot on W line of Patton street. 130 N of
Plymouth avenue, N 25 by W 100, lot 25, Dlock 1,
Holly Park: $10.
Leonard and Lucy Warner to Michael and Mary
H. Morgan, lot 15. block 47. Sunny side; $10.
F. A. and Mary Es^llson to Frederick Gamier,
lot on s line of Randall street, 134:3 £ of Palmer,
E 25 by S 225, b^lng portion of lots 3 and 6, block
19, Fairmount; $10.
Nelson W. and Mary E. Brearley or Brearly, lot
on S line of Visitacion avenue, 544 E of MUliicen
street, E 136 by S 276. being lot 42, Visitacion
Valley Homestead Assocletlon; $10.
Fanny Ryan (widow) to Fanny Ryan (her
daughter), lot on N line of California avenue, at
SE corner of Precita Valley lot 106, W 25, N 100.
W 16, N 20, E 40, S 120, portion of Precita Valley
lot 106: gift.
Martha A. and William Stapleton to Susie J.
Pyle, lot on SW line of Sixteenth avenue (Falk
land street), 150 NY of Q (TombU'Dee) street, N\V
ftO by SW luo, being lots 7 and 8, blocii334,
Haley Tract: $10.
. asonlc Cemetery Association to Thomas X
Parsons, lot 73, Fremont avenue, as designated on
plat 6 of said cemetery.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Septkmbkb, 1896.
It
Mo.
Tu.
w.
Th.
Fr.
Sa.
Moon's Phases
1
2
I
S
4
5
©New Moon. l
Is? Sept. 7. 1
7
8
•
10
11
12
/^f\Flrs: Quart c:
V.V Sept. 13.
i
ft
14
15
16
17
18
19
®
Full Moon.
Sept. 21.
h-
-20
31
22
33
24
25
2 a
.. /-*> Last Quarter.
*4x HepU 29.
27
28
29
SO
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMER | DESTINATION. | SAILS. | PIER.
Trnckeo.'... Coos Bay. Sept 8, Ipm PierS
Colon Panama Sept 8,12 m M 8
Kureka Newport Sept 8, Hah Pier U
Weeott..... i£p| kiv«p sept 9.12 la Plerl.*
Arago Coos Bay septlO.KUn Her 13
State otCal. Portland ...... SeptlO.lUAM Pier 24
Santa Rosa. Ban Dieco . Sept 10. Ham Pier U
P0m0na..... llumboldtßay SeptlO, 'J.ru Pier?
Umatilla.... Vie A Pgt tjnd Septil, 9am Pier 9
Coos 8ay.... Newport Septl2. Dm Pier 11
Farallon Yaquina Bay. >eptl3. 9am Pier I
Corona San Dieco...'. S«-ptl4.llA»« Pier 1 1
Columbia... Portland Septls.loA»i | Ptec
| PISR.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
stkakeb
From
Dub
Santa Kosa San Dieeo „ Sept 8
Weeott Kel River Sept 8
Aratro , Coos Bay Sept 9
Newport l'.in.ima Sept 9
Newsboy ; Tillamook \Sept 9
Yaquina iseattle Sept 9
Pomona 'Humboldt Bay. Sept 9
Loos Kay Newport sept 10
City of Peking. China and Japan Sept 10
Mackluaw laconia Sept 10
Karallon | Yaquina Bay Sept 11
Corona. sau Dipro Sept 12
Del None in rays Harbor Sept 12
City l'uebla Victoria & Puget Sound ..Sept 12
Columbia 1 1'ortland Sept la
Sutio! {Grays Harbor Sept 14
Orizaba i Mexico..- ..Sept 14
Crescent City. ..{Crescent City Sept 14
Eureka. • Newport. Sept 14
Empirt, iPortland Sept 16
State of Cal Portland Sept 17
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. s. Coast and Geodetic Subvkt Tide")
Bulletin- FrBLMHED by Official v
AUTHORITY OF THK SUPERINTENDENT. )
Tuesday, September 8.
Sun rises 6.47|M00n rises
Sunsets d.28,M00n s^ets 6.50pm
September— lß96.
I 11^1 Feetjli^ ™2£ | Feet Ttm " Feet
-; i. w Ih U II w) TPCv
» 555 0.5 : U. 1a
IH W • ■ l W
9 0.30 5.6 6.36
0 l.a» 6.4 7.ia
1 2.35 6.0 7.51
2 54! 4.5 835
:< 6.26 4.2 9.26
.4 657! 4.3)10.36
6.7 i b.l6|
jH W
1.0 j 12.46
1.6 1.22
2.2 2.U1
2.7 245
3.4 3.40
3.7 4.48
1.0
L W
5.7 7.02 0.7
6.8 7.64 0.6
5.9 8.54 0.3
6.9 10.01 0.2
5. 11.11 0.1
6.6
;NoT «-In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in tha left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh;, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth eiven hv - h» <-h«r'».
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. .
Arrived.
MONDAY, September 7.
Btmr State of California, Green. 57 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 39 Vj hours; pass and mdse,
to Ooodall, Perkins & Co.
Btmr Crescent City, Allen, 86 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall <fc Co.
Stmr Umntllla. Hunter. 6<! hours from Victoria;
pass and tadse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas. 43 hours from Coos
Bay; pass and mdse. to J D Spreckels <& Bros Co.
Br ship Lord Cairns, Davles, 161 days from
Swansea: 197-' tons coal, to E C Evans.
Ger bark Rohlila. Mover, 48 days from Callao:
ballast, to \V Freese & Co.
Schr Ralph J Long, Jansen, 4 ' days from Shel
ter Cove: 1 0 cs bark, to Beadle & Co.
Schr Albion, hvenson, « days from Fish Rock:
bark, to order.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 26 hours from
Stewarts Point: 100 eds bark, toHlgglns <& Col
lins.
Schr ■ Western Home, Neilson, 6 days from En
reka; lumber, to Pacific Pine Lumber Co.
schr Volant, Erratt, 6 hours from Pigeon Point,
with wreckage from the wrecked stmr Colombia,
In tow of Alert. ii"L_j<. '"lHliUMiiuniij
sciir Sadie, Smith, 11 days from Port Blakeley;
lumber, to Renion, Holmes «fc Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY. September 7.
Btmr Alice Blanchard. Dunham, Portland.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
• • Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 7—lo p. m.— Weather
cloudy: wind W; velocity 18 miles.
Charters.
Wheat char: for Europe prior to arrival are:
Br shlpßlythswood, 2Ss; Dynomene, 27s 6d; Fr
bark Louis Pasteur, 30s.
. The ship Llewellyn J. Morse loads cannery sup
plies for Knrluk: Br hark Veritas, lumber at Ta
coma for Melbourne on owners' account.
Domestic Ports. ■
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Geo Loomls.
hence Sept 6, and sailed for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Sept 7— Schr Viking, for San
£ ran Cisco. . .
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 7-Ger bark Artemis,
from Port Los Angeles: schr Vega, hence Aue 19.
• COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 7— Simr Arago. for San
Francisco. ' .
REDONDO— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Protection,
from Usal.
BAN DON— Sept 6— Schr Moro, for San
Francisco.
BOUTH BEND— Sal'.ed Sept 7— Schr James A
Obi it 'id, for San Francisco. V
Arrived Sept 7— in Signal, from Astoria.
EUREKA- Arrived Sept 7 — 'tmr Pomona, hce
Sept 6: stmr National City, hence Sept 6.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept - 6—.; mr6 — .;mr Farallon,
hence Sept 4. via Eureka: schr Ida McKay, hence
ami- 23. "■ -■ •
PORTTOWNKEXU- Arrived Sept 7— Schr Ida
Schniiuer. from Port Clarence.
YAQI'INA BAY— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Faral
lon, hence Sept 4.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW, YORK— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Mobile, fm
London; stmr Anchorla, from Glasgow; stmr Ke i
* inc. on. from Ant worn. ~4CQ3K|£
NAPLES— Arrive! out Sept 3— Stmr Phoenicia.
HAVRE-Sallea Sept C— Marsala, for New
York. : ■
SAG RES— Passed Sept 6—3 tmr Ems, from New
Yor~, for Naples. '
• GIBRALTAR— Passed Sept 7— Stmr Werra, fm
Mediterranean ports, for New York.
Foreign Ports.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Aug 25— ship
Travancore.' for San Francisco.
SYDNEY-Salled Aug 27-Br bark Blalrhovle
for^an Francisco. s»^tfJJ** '
BALINA CHUZ-Salled Sept 6-Scb.r Ethel
Zane, lor Port Townsend.
Importations.
COOS BAY— Per Truckee-460 tons coal. 100
pkss butter. 9 pkgs cheese, 42 hogs. 8 sks wool 1
cs wine. 16 pkgs mdse. -■' 'r
PORTLAND— Per State of California— 220 sks
flaxseed, 1376 sks flour, 1250 sks shorts. 6582 111
bran, 2115 cs salmon. 1511 pkgs shooks, 146 cs
salt meats. 20 cs shoes. 20 c? canneJ 138°
pksrs paper, 9 bales 1 horse collars, 14 cs rubbers
388 b<tis calfskins. 115 Ddls hld»s 'UDDers,
As.oria— sks oysters, 1216 bis salmon, 12
crts moss, 8 rikgs express. 6 cs escs. -
CRESCENT CITY- Per Crescent Clty-64 kegs
129 bxs butter, 1 cs cigars. 100 bdls hides, 4 pkes
feet, 6cs meat, 2 horses, 1 cs hardware, 2 cs sun
dries. 11 cs lard, — M ft lumber
BAY-Per Uma;illa-811 tons
Vancouver via C P X R-410 cs castor oil. 300
cs raisins. Ics underwear. 2 cs hosiery, 115 bdls
wheels, 21 pKgs mdse. la cs pianos. 6cs metal
Roods, ics sliawls, - 9 « cigarettes, 91 cs tobacco,
1 cs blacking, 71 cs boots and shoes. W> bbls lin
seed oil, 300 bbls raw oil. 59 crts P9 bxs toy
wagons 9 CrtS 14 , bdls Iron whee.s, 90 bbis Ics
beer. 1 cs musical instruments.
3k N c e oTn^ h p a r™d",e 6 - pl£sS " One - * ptKS mdae « 1
' Anacortes-aitt 9ks codfish skins and waste.
Eveivtt-bl bxs nails, 5 pkgs mdse, 1400 bars
bu.lon, 330 rolls 9 cs 394 bdls paper
grea^T" eMt ° Fargo l bx « °»- 2 bbls a^le
fl Tacoma west of Fargo— l7oß hf-sks 200 or-sks
Hour. 1745 sks wheat. ; 465 sks shorts. 480 ska
bran.' 32 6 sks flax, 29 »fcg S mdse. Bao " a> * BU Bks
Tacoma-97 pk(s mdse, 1 cs dry goods, 1400
bars bullion, 7 crts 1 bx perfecting press, 128 sks
bones, 268 sks rolled oats.
G N R R via Seanle— 500 sks 20 hf-sks flour.
•Seattle— l6oo cs salmon. 215 pkes mdse. 2 pkgs
coin, 16 cs bacon. 5 pkgs express. 10 obis pork, 42
bxs fish. 3 iron rollers, 27 bdls bar steel, 3 bdls
leather. 10 bxs carbons.
Port Townsend— 4 pkgs blocks. 1 coil wire, 39
pKgs mdse. Si pkes express, 1 sk coin.
Killisnoo— 4loo sks cuano, 2 obis hsb.
Hun er Bay— 99 sks concentrates.
Victoria— 7s pkts curios. 19 bxs matches. 17
pkes muse, 43 bxs apples, 3 pkgs expiess. 1 sk
coin.
Cnnßignees.
Per Truckee— J D Spreckels A Bros Co: II H Sat
tler; Fl ills Bros: C X Whitney A Co-. A LoitzACo;
Marshall, Teggart A Co; Cahn, NickelsburgA Co;
HulmeAHart; Dodge, Sweeney »t Co; Wielaud
Bros; E G Lyons A Co.
Per Slate of California— Otis. McAllister A Co; J
A Lacy; Allen A Lewis: M P Detels: Portland F
M Co; J X Armsby A Co: C J Leist A Co: Fontana
A Co; Willamette Pulp A Paper Co; F M Warren;
Crown Paper Co; J A Lacy; rutting Packing Co;
Buckingham, HechtACo: Q W i-inmons: f-osen
beri; Hros: Bissinger A Co: Sanborn, Vail A Co ; C
A Htnslow A Co; Kingan A Co; Clatsop Mill Co;
Whitney A Co: Jepsi'ii A Bon: Williams Brown
A Co: Elmore, Sanborn A Co; M E A Wagner: W
A V Cook : Fogarty A Parker: Morgan Oyster Co;
WC Price A Co: Wells, Fargo A Co ; Chas Abra
ham : M B Moraghan.
Per Crescent City— Dodge, Bweeney A Co; B F
Hoar: O B Smith A Co: FBHalght: Jos Bremer
A Co; Cal Bottlng Co: Martin. Feusier A Co: Tbos
Lougnran; Kilmer. Bredhoff A schulr: Witzel A
Baker; Wolf A Son; Norton, Teller A Co; Getz
Bros A Co; H Waldeck: Hobbs, Wall A Co; Wie
land Brewing Co.
Per Umatllla— Mason A Wittenberg; S Gladdin
ACloccin; J A Koblinr A Son: F G WhiteheaO;
Union .Meat Co: Redington A Co; Mark A Co: M P
Kohiberg: Gen Klectr.cCo; Filansel; II Weob;
M L M Barnard; Forbes Bros A Niles; H Miller:
Norton Tanning Co: S Willani A Beam:' H P Me-
Krid ck; Yoio Mills: American Union Fish Co; W
Ci Hinton; Hills Bros; Jas Wagner Mhc Co; Duff A
Co; Wella, Fargo A Co; Preston A McKinnon; T R
Turner: Allen A Lewis; A Ben tie Alaska WG M
to; UTrusdell: Ansoldi A Co; Overland Freight
and Transfer Co: SM Humilton; Getz Bros A Co:
Alaska W G 31 Co: Orecon Imp Co: Ki.tle A Co;
Wetmore Bros; Cahn, Nickelsburg A Co; Davis
Bros: Buckingham, Hecht A Co: Union Glue Co;
American Tobacco Co; Wertheimer A Co; Kohier
A Chase; Sherman, Clay A Co: American Biscuit
Co: Crane A Co: >herwood A Sherwoo i j N Clark
A Sons: Murphy, Grant ACo; Sussman, Maranse
A Co: W Todcl: Baker A Hamilton: X M Crocker:
Miller, Sloss A Scott: fSelby Smelting and Lead Co;
W G Richardson: Moore, Ferguson A Co ; C X Har
mon; Clabrough, OolcherACo: C J Lelst A Co;
Langley A Michaels: Geo ilorrow A Co; Pacific
Bone Fertilizing CO; E L Kbedetl A Co; H Dutard;
G W Howard: Alex Felpella: C Hansen; Lach
man A Jacobi: OLlndgren; Palmer ARey; Frlck
Bros; ii W Higg ns A Co: Sineer Mfj Co; Pacific
Rolling Mills; H W Hlsgins A Co.
WMTEO-Overdue Accounts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY COUNTRY FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
130 Sansome St. (Tel. Red 411).
•N. B. — charge unless successful. List of S. F.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post free.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIIPAS!
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FKOM AjJL
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as-SMf&Ot
follows:
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
Usnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11, 36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W. atcom (Bellinitham Bay, Wash.), 9a. m.
S»pt. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, and every lifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., atTatorua with N. P. R. 8., at Seattle with G.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
holdt Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18, 22, 'JO. 30. and every lourth clay thereafter.
■ For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San 1 uls Obispo), (Javiota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Sept. 4. 8, 12. 16, 20. 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Dieco. stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
?eles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M Sent, 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsevada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
-. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
ASTORIA iIDPOKTLANtt
? $6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails... Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 5, 15,25
Elate of California sail*
.". Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, SO
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. jc
GOODALL. PERKINS CO., Genl. Supts.
* i". S. CON » OK, General A 2 eat.
630 Market street
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, IW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, D| by
AUSTRALIA. ' V/S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAAIKDA sails Via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at 2 p. m.
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. a; 10 a.m. Special party rated.
LinetoCOOLUARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
South Africa.
J D. bPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO., Agent*,
11 ; Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGKIE GENERAL TUISATLAITIQUB
■ French* Lln-» to Havrt.
POMPANY'SPIER (NEW). 42 NORTH J&g\^.
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by &X/JJ&
this line avoid both transit by English railway ;uii
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small j
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, Via Part*
lir3t-cias9 $ltiO: second $116. . -;■■--;
LA BOURGOGNE Sept. 5, 9 a.m.
La .si 'i. m • i".E Sept. 12, sa. m.
LA TOURAINE Sept. 19, V a. m.
LA GASCOUNE Sept. 26, 3 a. St.
LA BKETAGXE ....Oct. 3,7 a.m.
AST ' For further particulars apply to
IA. FORGET. Agjfent, J
No. 3, Bowling Green, Now York.
J. F. FT7GAZI it CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >3f*5SU
fortnightly for the West Indies and ?3fi9B
Southampton, calling en route at Csrbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with tha
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
Class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT A CO., Agents,
- SOS (California
WHITE STAR LIME.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
, BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILiN*. KVKlii >Vi2KK.
ftABIN.fBO AND UPWARD, ACCORD- «— > .
H_/' ing to steamer and accommodations £BBk
selected; second cabin, $ i - .>o and X4j 0; Maje;»™c
an ! Teutonic. Steeroge Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates -and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. O.W.FLETCHER.
, Genera' Ap:r tor !'>.<- ; ' ; f '■,.» ••
STOCXTOI STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At ti P. 31. Daily. lreigiic received up
to- Accommodations Reserved by 'f elephone.
. Ihe only line miming through rates on Valley
Road freight. ""
. STtAMERs:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters
Mary tiarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Alain 805. Cat. Nay. and lmou Up
U.S. llff-TIU. MARE ISLISD, YALLEJO.
•Bealcia, *P«rtlosta, *l'rockrtt. and *Val»m.
tm, ,„ «« STR - MONTICELLO,
W l^* 1 " 11 ? 0 / 111 (Saturdays "W-.30
A. it.), S:3O p. it. Sundays Bpm only office*
and landing. Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone fiTacJ
"Si and Bp. v. trips only. HATCH BROA
*« Excursion trip. ■ Gives 5 hours at Havy-yard.
FOR SA.UOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTACRUZ
QTKAMER ALVISO LEAVFS PIKR 1 nirr-
-7 P* t J: o^n (^ n<lay< ' daV/S
«en"r^' ( Ktr il"/ 9 exoe P te <U- Freight and Pas-
BOc* to S.n j« S * a ««el»co»nd Alviso,
, RAgLROAP^. TRAVELS
MILL VALLEY AM MOOT TAJBALPAIS
, SCEMO RAILWAY.
AND AFTKR Till RSD A AUGUST 27,
V/ train will connect with North Pacific Coast
Railroad as follows: Week Days leave San Fran*
Cisco 11:45 a. it. ; returning arrive in Han'Fran-
clsco6:3() p.m. -Sunday: Leave San Francisco 9
A. M. and 1 :3O p. it. ; returning arrive In San Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 p. it Tickets can be secured
la advance of • -, - 1 ' , _
a .aos. COOK A 3O>", 621 Market su ■
RAILROAD TR
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
And Every Fifth Da Thereafter,
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry Landing, foot ot
Market *t., at 8:00 p. M.
MB*«»#tiiiit &1 A including Berth,
SPECIAL SI 0 Tourist Sleeper.
RATES^.SI9 First-class. Including
RATES ' Sl9 nKe^ 4
For fur her Information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD < = RAY, T. H. GOODMAN
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOITIIKKV PACIFIC COMPANT.
: (PACIFIC SYSTEM.
Train* l«ar« »»n«l I " ANClst;<> . nrrlve ut
san rJBABKJiae*.
tEAVR — Fnoif Septembbr 3, 1596. — A ILI1 L I v a
•6:OOa Nilcs. San Joso and Way Stations... St Ma
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Og.lcn and l.ast.. 8:43p
7:00 a Benicia, VacaviUe, ICumsay. Sacra-
■ ■ ■ mento, Orovillo and Ilcddmg via ■
Davis : ■■ •-•• (i: ' ls
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, I»apa, Calls- _:•;•-.
toga and Santa Rosa 6:13?
StaOA Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo and Lea
Bluff • .i 1 1 *
•8:30 a Peters and Milton -.... # 7:iap
:<><» a Lo3 Angeles Express. Fresno, SanU
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:4.1p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 1 1 : 45 a,
9:OOa Vallejo v; 6: 1 3 p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Llvermore »:45a.
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers ■•tOOp
tl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43p
4:OUp Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa 9:13 a
*:••? Benicia, VacaviUe, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing Marys-
ville, OrovUle and Sacramento .... 10:43*
4:30p Nilcs, San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton 7:15?
4:30p Merced, Berenda. Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:45
5:O0p New Orleans Fresno, ISakera-
tielil. Santa itarbara.Los Angeles,
Demi g, El Paso, New Orleans and
East..... lOilS*
5:00p Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 10:13 a
5:00p Vallejo 11:15*
6:OOp ICuropean Mail, Ogden and East.... 0: 15a
6:<M)p Hay wards, Nilesaud San Jose 7:l!>a.
J7:oop Vallejo t~:lsp
7:OOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys,
Tille, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and Kast 10:484
■SANTA <!KtiZ DIVISION (Narrow (iange). ~
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Banta Cruz :
and Principal Way Stations ;«»:03p
8:3 5 a Newark, Ceiiterville.San.Tose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:30?
•2:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *U:3o*
4:15p Newark, San .Tone and Los Gatos.... B:.lQa
(•OAST DIVISION (Tliinl A 'I'ownsfinl ?St<t.) '
*«:45a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 0:47 a
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations {8:35?
8:13 a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic prove. Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03p
{9:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 1 1 :30p
IO:1O.\ Sau Joso and Way Stations.-. 3:00p
1I:30a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:3©p
•a: 3O San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Balinas,Monterey and Pacilic(irove *I 0:40a
■8:80p San Jose, Pacitio Grove and Way
Stations *l:30p
•4:30p San Joaoand Way Stations *8:0G&
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "N:4Sa
6:.10p San Jose anil Way Stations 0:33 a
t11:45i» San .Tosa Way Stations t7:-15p
SAX LKAJiuKO AMI) lIAYWAKUS LOCAL.
t»6:OOA 1 ( 7:13 a
8:OOa (9:lr>A
iS.'Soa Melrose, Seminary Park, \ps£
'"•OOP Fitchbnrg,SanLe.iidro Vi-I^p
3:OOp and 4:43p
4:00p f " 3:13P
™°* Hazard.. ?f]g P
7:»0p ■ 8:45 p
9-00p * Runs through to Niles. io-3Oi>
ttll':lspj < From Niles. (. ttl8:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO— Foot of Marled Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.M. Jl:00 *2:30 t3:00
•4:00 tS:CO *6:00 p.M.
rromOAIUKD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. {12:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:00
•5:00 p.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. . t Saturdays only.
- t Sundays only, -- - .' . <
' if Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
W FRANCISCO & NORTH PL
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O," 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 18:8*
8:80. 6:10, 6:30 P. M Thursdays— Extra trl»
M 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:44
and 11:30 P. it.
BDJ Y 6^O 7 3< jL 9:3 °' 11:0 ° A - lts . l:3 * 3i3
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a, *-
it 2 i 4 : 5 5 5 3 p. 4 ian 1 d 0 6 P^P.^ tUrdayB - E^ trt -
ro sSa Y 6ai 7 P^L 9s3Bi U:l ° *• M - : i: «- * ii%
Between Ban Francisco and Schnetsen Park «■«
schedule as above. — ■
San Francisco. *%£>« 1 Ban Frl'Jc'U _
Wkkk I Son- ji-luZttlenJ 8^- 1 Wkrk"
Dayb. | days. "*atlnatloa^ pAYa^ | DATa-
-7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ak
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 a*
1 :10 pm; 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7.30 pm e:l5 r*
_ -" Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 ▲■
Healdsburr?,
IGeyserville,
8:30 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 8:15
«■ " Pleta,
7:30 am : Hopland A 10:10 am
8:30 pm; 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:16 p*
7:30 am 10:10 am
7 .30 am Guerne 7 :30 pm
3:30 pm 6:15 PM
7:80 am 7:30 am; Sonoma 10:40 am I 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm j Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7:30 AMI Roh .«.-_-, 110:40 am 1 10:10 AM
8:30 pm 1 5 :00 pm I Sebastopol. | 6:oa | a:l6 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wnt
Springs; at Geyservllle for PfcaKRS Springs; M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hijtnlana
Springs, Kclseyville, Soda Bay and uikeporc: at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springe at
TJkiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, 8100
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Patter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
j JieU's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonevilla,
Oreenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendociao City,
Wort Bragg, Wsstport, Usal. Willets, Cahto, O«
»«10. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red nee*
t pa.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* b*>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle nutldtnfr
H. C. WHITINO. K. X. AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent..
Atlantic
Pacific JteMigszStk
BAILKOAD
Trains leave and arrive at SKs3§sE9|f?£iiffij
Market-Street Ferry. ySaC^Paßgißii
BAITA FE express. BMJOM
To Chicago via A. & r \|£2|jW2«fl
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., can . — 1 nl.nian
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers,' also Modern Up-
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and. bedding and in charge of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and s,. Louis. ;
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas Ciiy, Chicago, Montreal and the white
.Mountains leave every Wednesday. ,. •■■•• : _,
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: Interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey's dinin?-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 .Market
St., Chronicle Butldia*. Tele Main
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
•From San Francisco. < omul' Being June 15, 1898.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill alley and San Rafael - 7:00, *8-.00
•9:15 1O:1S, 11:15. a. M.: •1:15, 3:20. 4:15,
Bztmtt4« o forßaQ r ßarad on Mondays, Wednes-
. aays and Saturdays at ll:du p. m.
For Mill Valley »ndsan Rafael -•8:00, •9:00.
•10:00. 11:3UA. M.;*»l-3J. •1:30, *2:15. »4:00.
6:30 6:45,8:30 p.m. Kxtru trip to Sanaa! Ito at
11 *00 am ■ '
Trains marked * run to San Qnentln. ,••12:30
p.m. does not run to Mill alley.-.
-THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way stolons— o a. m.
Sundays. : .
• For .Point Reyes, Cazadero and way suuloaa—
#:00 a. m. Siua»yti 1:40 » x. weekdtgra,Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
CLARET SPOILED
HER LOVELY DRESS
Curious Case Based on a
Little Streetcar Ac
cident
THE CORK WORKED OUT.
And oil a Steep Grade the Wine
Coursed Along the
Seat.
KOVEL SUIT FOR DAMAGES.
A Young Man Who Thinks He Might
Have Settled When H s Anger
Had Cuoied Off
. Oakland Office San Franci&co Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 7. - S
A very novel suit has been filed against
George Sterling In the Justices' Court.
Sterling is sued for $25. being the value of
a lady's dress "spoiled and rendered unfit
lor use because ot the negligence of the
defendant."
The plaintiff i 3 Mrs. Petersen of Jiast
Oakland, and the suit has caused a good
deal of small talk because of the socia!
standing of the defendant, who is a San
Francisco insarance man, and very popular
on this side ot the bay.
About two weeks ago Mr. Sterling was
making a visit from his home in East
Oakland to a sick iriend in Berkeley. As
a little gift, he placed a bottle of claret in
his overcoat pocket, which he carried on
his arm, as the evening was warm. He
hailed a Hay wards car at East Seventeenth
etreet and Ninth avenue and sat in the
front seat on the outside, carelessly throw
ing his overcoat on the seat beside him.
At the rear end of the same seat Mrs.
Petersen sat. The car had not gone far
when it met the grade on the west side of
the Twelfth-street dam. This is a steep
grade, and Mr. Sterling was about one foot
higher from sea level than the lady at the
lower end. So was his overcoat and the
bottle of claret.
He was encagea in deep thought, when
he was suddenly aroused from his evening
dream by the lady exclaiming, "Sir, what
have you done!"
Quick as lightning Mr. Sterling looked
around and saw that the cork was out of
the claret bottle and that the greater por
tion of the contents had coursed along the
seat. The lady wore a beautiful sum
mer gown of pale blue.
An apology was at once made, but the
lady declared that the gentleman should
pay for the dress. Sterling glanced at his
own ruined overcoat and thought that
loss enough for one evening, especially as
he was on an errand of mercy. He ex
pressed no desire to .recompense the lady,
but got off the car and looked at his over
coat and talked about the dam till he
boarded a returning car.
"I suppose it was my carelessness that
spoilt the lady's dress," said Sterling, "but
Ido not like to be sued for it. If "I had
been a«ked to settle when I had cooled off
a little I would have done it. I have an
idea that the railroad track is not in good
condition and that the jolting of the car
removed the cork, and if I can only prove
that why then the railroad company is
the guilty party. It is just possible, how
ever, that I may compromise."
RECTOR LANE RESIGNS.
He Opposed the Vestry's Action
in Taking the Matter Before
the Church.
Mason and French's Claim of Victory
Did Not Meet With His
Approval.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 7.— Rev. W. M.
Lane, rector of Christ's Episcopal Church,
presented his resignation to the vestry of
that organization ai a meating held to
night, with a request that it be accepted at
once, a* lie was done with the ministry.
He will practice law in this city, and
«mong his first cases will be one agaiu<t
those who have slandered him while in
the church, so he says.
This is the result of a war waged against
him by P. E. Mason and F. M. French,
two members ol the church who were the
means of him b^ing called to this place.
The story is best told in his own wonls as
he related them to a Call representative,
rie said :
"The trouble began with the resignation
of Rev. Mr. Perkins, one of the best min
isters our church ever* uad. He resigned
in April of last year after serving the
church for fourteen years. There were a
few troublesome old women In the church
who made their boasts thut they would
make it hot for his successor, whoever he
might be. Those are the conditions I
found when I came here, a stranger, un
biased, knowing not a soul fa the congre
caiion. I callod upon tne various mem
bers and told them I hoicd that they
would not- connect me with any former
trouble. a:s I knew nothing oi it. I have
heard since that some of those very women
5-aid, afttr inviting me to their homes:
•Just think: 1 asked him here and lie
didn't tell me anything about his life. 1
"Did the}' expect me to tel! every old
woman all of my sorrows and grief*? i
never nave. Of course I have many thines
to grieve me. Is it any of their affairs if I
made a mistake at 18 and married and am
r.n harpy. I am mar. enougli to adotit
that I made a great mistake when a boy
of 18 I married, and I tola them I was
married, but my wife would not be here
with me. 1 defy any one lo point a finger
to a day or act anywhere in these fourteen
years and say it has even the appearance
of evil.
".Mason and French are responsible for
me being here. It was they that insisted
that the vestry lim^t call me, as I was a
After a. while rumors were cir
culated about my dress, my talking onl
the streets to other gentlemen and goinsi !
over io San Francisco and taking dinner j
v.itn H. K. Field. Mow 1 don't
wear a long, sanctimonious face. I
don't believe in it. I have the umc right
to wear a business ?uit as you or any other
man. Mason believes in candles and all
olthe rites of the ritualistic church, bat I
do not. He asked me to use candles and
I re/used, telling him the members would
not permit it.
"When I left to go on my vacation
Ma^o'.i vi-itud all the steamboat and rail
road bflieea trying to find where I hud
fone. lie said that I had gone to
Honolulu. On my resuru I excommuni
cnted Mason and French and called a
meeting of the vestry for the first Monday
night in August. 'At that time I told
them what I had done and for them to
t:*ke ihe matter in hand. They met in
Mr. Field's office in San Francisco, and
Mr. Mason and Mr. French appeared.
The result of that meeting was this letter:
The Vettry of Christ Church, .-Uaroerfa—Gentle
men: Having had an opportunity of meet
ing you and discu^siug with you the sub
ject of the rumors which lor some ,
time have been current In Alameda, re
flecting on the character of your rector,
Rev. w. M. Lane, we take occasion to say thai
we personally have not made any charees
against Mr. Lane; that we have no personal
knowledge of anything detrimental to his
character as a clergyman; that we have no
feeling against him*, and we desire to assure
Mr. Lane, through you, of our sympathy with
him in the position in which he h*s been
placed by reason of the attacks upon his char
acter. Yours respectfully, Frkd E MAfIOX.
r. M. Fkench.
"This I refused to accept at first, but the
vestry pressed me. on the ground that it
would hurt the church if I did not, and it
was better to take their denial than a con
fession, for those whom they had talked
to would catch them in the lie any way. At
last I consented and wrote them the fol
lowing:
Dear Sir: The vestry having submitted to
me your communication of the 6tn inst. I
accept your explanation of the matters therein
i referred to, ami cheerfully withdraw my letter
: to you of the Ist inst., and restore you to the
; communion of the church and pray God that
you may have much joy in receiving same.
Assuring you of my appreciation of your
kind expression of sympathy, 1 hope that our
i relations may be pleasant and profitable in all
future. With friendship, lam yours,
W. M. Use.
"Tins they took around exclaiming, 'I
told you so,' 'See, he backs down,' and j
such expressions, without ever showing
their letter of denial or referring to it.
Then the vestry submitted to me a letter
i they intended presenting ;o the member
! ship of the church yesterday. It referred
; to the rumors in general terms without
| mentioning any of them, and then says:
To such an extent has this been carried that
! the rector at tast. though very reluctantly,
' feit himself obliged to suspend two members
i of the congregation from all rights of com
j munion. Those members are F. K. Mason and
I F. M. French.
Thereupon, and at the request ot those gen
j tlemen, the vestry took the matter in hand,
! desiring not only to remove any aspersions
I upon the rector, if found unjust or unwar-
I ranted, but to restore the gentleman named to
the rifcht of communion.
As the result of our investigation we can find
i no facts, nor any person who can substantiate
! any facts, detrimental to trie moral character
i of the rector, and we can come to no other con-
I elusion than that he has been most unwar
rantably aspersed and maligned.
"I objected to this, but they insisted, and
I toid them that if they did my resignation
I went with it, and it will to-night. I will
live right here and practice law, and will
j see that I have redress for these slanders.
The resignation was accepted and a vote I
; of confidence in the honor and integrity of
Rev. Mr. Lane was passed. Mr. Mason
j and Mr. French have left the church and
' will hereafter worship somewhere else.
PIONEER POSTMASTER.
', A. S. Barber, Who Served Uncle Sam
Thirty-Three Years, Called
Home.
ALAMEDA, Cal., SeDt 7.— Arthur 8.
Barber, who for thirty- three years Berved
as Postmaster of this city, died at his resi
dence this morning from inanition due to
; old age. He leaves a wife and six children,
j three sons and three daughter?. The
eldest, James B. Barber, is Tax Collector
of Alameda County. The others are
Alfred S. and Arthur F. Barber, Mrs.
i Alfred Bannister, Mrs. Florence Dooley
! ami Miss Mabel Barber.
The deceased came to Alameda Decem
ber 24, 1853, having been born in England
, thirty-six years before. He opened a mer
! chandise-store on High street and was
; commissioned Postmaster by President
Franklin Pierco in 1556. He held the po
sition until 1886, when George Sturterant
succeeded him. During the past seven
years Mr. Barber has not been actively
engaged in business.
The Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 7.— The Board
of Trustees met to-night and passed a
large batch of bills, many of which will
i not be paid at present, owing to the lack
lof funds. The complaint of the Chief of
! the Fire Department, made at a former
meeting, was remedied by an order which
j provides for the policeman on duty at the
: City Hall to notify the engineer at the
water wotks at Fitchburg whenever an
alarm of fire is sounded. Each morning
he must make a report to the chief. This
| order was brought about by the lack of
water pressure at the Newport fire, two
weeks ago.
Oat of Debt.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Eept. 7.— The Church
of the Disciples of Christ are out of debt
now, and have enough mon<=>y on hand to
i complete their chapel building. This is
the result of the services held yesterday at
which Professor Jefferson, of the Berkeley
j Theological School, Dreached, and others
iof pastors ot the denomination around
| the bay spoke.
HOWARD-SHARPE.
Wedding of Two Well-Known Young
People at the Plymouth-Avenue
Church.
OAKLAND, CaL., Sept. 7.— Surrounded
by a dozen relatives and two or three per
sonal friends in the little Piymouth-ave
nue Congregational Church, Miss Daisy
Bell Sharpe became the wile of Edward A.
Howard this afternoon.
The cozy little church was tastefully
decorated with palms and ferns, China
astors and other cut flowers. The bride
was very becomingly attirea in a light
blue traveling gown, with hat and gloves
to match. She was attended by ler
younger si-ter, Miss Chelly Sharpe, who
was attired in a navy-blue suit.
The eroom wore a black frock suit and
was attended by J. K. Moffitt. The Rev.
J. K. McLean, D.D., president of the Paci
fic Theological Seminary, officiated. The
bride was given away by her father,
Craigie Sharpe. The service was attended
by only relatives, not over twenty-five be
ing present. The honeymoon wiU be
spent at Del Monte.
But a Soim-Holiday.
OAkLA>D, Cal.. Sept. 7.— The fact that
to-day was National Labor day by an en
actment of Congress was not heeded in
this city by the labor unions. The only
recognition the day received was at the j
hands of official bodies. The courts did
not hold their regular sessions, the Board
of Supervisors adjourned until 10 o'clock
to-morrow, but the Clerk and other county
officers kept open and did any business j
offered. The county officials and em- |
ployes all drew their monthly salaries
irom the Treasurer. *
The City Council and Board of Educa- !
lion which were to have met this evening
convened and adjourned, the Council
until to-morrow evening and the Board of
Education until Saturday evening, on the
advice of Cay Attorney Piersol.
V»n Cnurt-tiroff.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 7.— Eugene Van i
Court, the orhcnil stenographer of the j
Police Court and v well-known physical j
ilirecior of local clubs, was married at i
noon to-day to Mi*s Mary Groff, a popular i
younc Jady of this city, by the Rev. |
Alfred Kumraer, D.D., pastor of the First r
Methodist Church.
The ceremony took place at the home of ;
the bride's mother, on Thirty-second
street, which had been beautifully dec
orated. The couple stood under a floral
arch while the words were spoken which
made them one. After a bounteous wed- j
ding breakfast Mr. and Mrs. Van Court |
ieit for San Jose, where they will spend ;
their honeymoon.
Ouida never shakes hands. She declares j
it to be the most vulgar form of saluta- '
tion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEFTE3IISEK 8, 1896.
CAPTAIN MOODY
CISTS HIS ANCHOR
Death of the Oldest and
Best- Known Yachtsman
on the Bay.
BAY AND COAST PILOT.
Many Years Ago He Sailed
Yachts for Vanderbilt and
Dr. Sam Merritt.
LIVED EIGHTY-ONE YEARS.
A Typical Sailor, an Artist, Well
Versed in Poetry, and Always
a Gentleman.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 7. )
Old Captain Edwin Moody has finally
cast his anchor and his weather-beaten
CAPTAIN EDWIN MOODY, Yacht-Master for Cornelius Vander
fcilt and Dr. Merritt, Whose Voyage of Life Is Completed
bark is now moored for eternity ii the
haven of rest. The veteran yachtsman
coiled up his ropes and cleared his decks
Saturday night and just as the sunset flag
was dipping be made his final port.
No yachtsman is better known on the
coast, and especially aroui^d the bay. Cap
tain Moody has lived from his early boy
hood, which was passed in his native State
of Massachusetts on the water. His salt
tanned features were those of a typical old
time Boston skipper who held sway on the
Atlantic seaboard before the inartistic
smokestack with its following of brass-be
dizened officers wrecked the legitimate pro
fession of a ?ailor.
Captain Moody was an artist in every
sense of the word. His very sailing of a
yacht was a picture. He would paint deli
cate water-color marine views and was a
lover of Byron and other poets, whose
verses he would quote at length to suit all
occasions. He held a pilot's certificate
and for many years performed pilotage
duty on the coast and on the bay.
Many years ago he was yacht-master for
: old Cornelius Vanderbilt and made many
; short voyages with his wealthy master,
i He came to the Pacific Coast in 1851 and
; was yacht-master for a time for Dr. Sam
| Merritt. For many years he has sailed
yachts on tee bay and every yachtsman
! was his friend. His last appointment was
witli City Engineer Wilsoii, who owns the
| yacht Pilgrim.
The pretty burgee of the California
J Yacht Club, of which organization the late
LETTER-CARRIERS AT TRESTLE GLEN.
wriSMirn stc.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 7.— The Oakland and Alameda Letter-Carriers' Association has made very complete arrangements for
| its picnic at Trestle Glen on Admission Day. In addition to the usual attractions, the famous letter-carrier's band of San
j FraucL-co will be in attendance, and there will also be a balloon ascension and a parachute jump. The committee of arrangements
consist of D. J. Haliahan (chairman), W. H. Smith (secretary). Solon D. Arnold (treasurer), George F. Sampson. F. Berger, H.
I Skinner, Percy Fox, C. D. Littler, B. L, Sedgley. O. C. Rohl, J. Z. Barnett. Percy Fox is in charge of the floor; H. Skinner and
iC. L. Kelton are his assistants, and G. Kohl, J. F. Kenney, I. Cohn and F. E. Graham complete the floor committee. Those in
j charge of the gate and games are Charles Littler, G. Sampson, S. D. Arnold, E. G. Donovan, H. Miller, William McNamara, J. Z.
i Barnett.
captain was an honorary member, was de
signed by him, and at the time of his
death he was engaged upon a design for
an ensign lor the newly projected Inter-
Club Yacht Association.
The old sailor was very particular, and
one or the little things in life that always
annoyed him was to see a picture of an
anchor in which the stock and flukes are
not placed at right angles, as they should
be. He frequently said when talking
lightly that if any one sent a floral anchor
to his funeral that was not correctly made
he believed he would turn over in his
casket. His friends did send a beautiful
floral anchor to his funeral this morning,
but. being yachtsmen.the emblem of Hope
was correctly built.
In his room he Jhad several paint
ings and artistic pieces of work, and his
friends considered it a pleasure to visit
him in his quarters and listen to his rem
iniscences. He was always affable, pleas
ant and congenial and as much of a gen
tleman on the quarter-deck as in the
drawing-room.
Captain Moody was 81 years of age and
leaves two daughters. One is married and
the other was with him when the final
watch closed. Unlike most sailors Cap
tain Moody was a total abstainer and a
cup of tea was the strongest beverage in
which he was known to indulge.
AN ERRONEOUS REPORT.
St. Mary'ft College Baseball Flayers
Object to Misrepresentation.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 7.— The follow
ing letter has been handed in for publica
tion:
In the report of the ball game between the
St. Ignatius College and the Pacifies at the Pre
sidio on Sunday, the whole matter was said to
bf a gram! mistake because the team irom St.
Mary's College dm not put in an apperance.
One baseball enthusiast of the college, It is
true, sent a challenge to the St. Ignatius team,
but it was without the authority of the student
body, and Its acceptance was rejected for the
reason that football is now occupying the
abilities of the college athletes.
A committee from St. Ignatius Coll were
so informed last Tuesdny and again last Thurs
day, so we see no reason why we disappointed
the lovers of the National game at the Presidio
last Sunday and* why we should lose a game
by default. V.v have held the college baseball
championship for the lust three years and are
the possessors of the championship cup pre
sented by the Midwinter Fair and have always
been ready to defend the title at the proper
time, and when the baseball season of all
recognized colleges opens we will be in the
field to defend our title.
Sttde>t Boot or St. Mart's College.
Per John J. Greeley.
K«"fußPg Faiion,'
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept 7.— 8. Ran
dolph, a member of the People's party
County Central Committee, has resigned
hie position, as he is thoroughly disgusted
with the action of some oi the Alameda
County delegates to the recent Benicin
convention, who by their division de
feated the nomination of an Alameda
County man and thus played into the
bands of the Democrats.
Brown la Free.
OAKLAND, Cal, Sept. 7.— Word has
been received that the Rev. Charles R.
Brown of Charlestown, Mass., presented
his resignation to the church yesterday
where he has been pastor for a number
of years. He will be married within a
weefc and start for this city to assume the
pastorate of the First Congregational
Cnurch, to which position ha was called a
few weeks ago.
DJ.nALLAriAIM. pfct^
THEY RUSHED AND
THEY CONQUERED
Berkeley Freshmen Tie Up
the Sophomores
Again.
CO-EDS IN EVIDENCE.
They Furnished Watermelons
and Rubbed the Heads of
the Wounded.
TENTS FOR CLASSROOMS.
Canvas May Be Brought Into Use to
Meet the Demand for More
Room.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept 7.— The fresh
men and sophomores at the State Uni
versity had another violent rush at mid
day to-day, which resulted, after an hour
and a half of fighting, in a signal victory for
the freshmen. The co-eds played a lead
ing band in the affair, having taken unto
themselves the duty of cutting their class
men loose with jackknives, and of run
ning the hospital and ambulance corps.
Co-ed Florence Nightingales were on
hand by the score. A number of serious
accidents occurred during the course of
the fight. James Ely, the big sophomore
halfback, was kicked on the right temple
by a freshman and had to be conveyed
from the campus in a buggy, after having
been nursed by four co-eds for half an
hour on a bench under an evergreen tree.
Kuster "00" and Wolf "00" botfi got
laid out. Wolf received a severe injury of
the back, and Kuster was kicked in the
stomach.
Before the fight commenced some of the
co-eds who were in the cymasium handed
out through the windows football suits,
shoes, stockings and other rushing gar
ments to the participants in the battle for
class honors. They stayed with the boys
all through the melee, and after it was
over two loyal " '99" girls bought a dozen
watermelons and had them dumped near
the "gym" for the sophomores.
The rush began at about 12:30 and con
tinued until 2 o'clock. When the last
sophomore nad been tied it was found
that thirty-six of them were piled up near
the bsickstep. It took about fifty fresh
men, with the assistance of the juniors, to
do the work.
The midday "scrap" was precipitated
by the freshmen, who had painted a huge
"00" on the backstop in red and ereen
p;unt. Hart. McCleave, Ruttles, Masters,
vVoodsum, Hazeltine. Nyman, French,
Rainey and O'Toole did the work with the
paint brush and then dared the sopho
mores to deface.the number.
Tae soi'hs soon mustered their forces
and swooped down, twenty-rive strong,
upon the ten freshies. For a time the '99
men had things their own way, but soon
the freshmen were re-enforced and the tide
was turned. More sophomores came, and
the forces were aboutevenly divided. The
freshmen were slow to respond, but finally
t.ey turned out in sufficient numbers to
entirely overwhelm the '99 men. By the
time they had been at their "mill" for half
an hour a crowd of at least 300 other stu
dents had gathered on the scene. It being
broad daylight the rush waa pursued with
more violence than ordinarily attends a
night rush, on account oi the increased
opportunity for one marj to take advant
age of another.
The co-eds brought water in junior
plugs to the exhausted "rushers," fanned
and rubbed with camphor the foreheads of
the stunned and cut loose the baling-roDe
that bound the helpless arms and legs of
their friends.
About ten minutes before the end of the
battle had been reached George Wilcox, a
local photographer, appeared with hia
camera to take a few snapshots. He wa<
spied by some seniors and in less time
than it takes to tell the story his photo
graphic plates were smashed to atoms and
one leg of his tripod pnlled completely
out of its socket and cracked into splinters.
Pieces of the camera were distributed
amoncr the sophomores and seniors as
souvenirs.
When the affair was over and the vic
tory won a more bediaepled set of earth
scoured college men never walked off the
Berkeley campus in daylight. To have
racb a monster rush on the campus in the
daytime is a decidedly infrequent occur
rence. While the affair was in progress a
number of the facuity stood to one side
and gazed on the scene, bat no one raised
a hand against the progress of the time
honored college battle.
Recitations In Tents.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 7.— A big sur
prise wilt be sprung at the meeting of the
Board of Regents to-morrow afternoon,
and this surprise may result in the Berke
ley students having to recite their Latin
and Greek under canvas.
A proposition will be made to secure a
number of tents in which to accommodate
the overflow from the classrooms. The
.S.D.ARNOLD TfcEAl
Auction Sales
SPECIAL SALE OF Flsfc FURSITURE
THIS DAY,
Tuesday September 8, 1896,
....At 11 o'clock a. m., at
1057 Market Street, Opposite Jones,
Wl WILL SKLI,
A Mos: Select Assortment of Elegant Parlor, Bed-
room and Liimug-room Furniture: also 3000 yards
of Carpets, Ornaments and .Pictures
ISDIAAA AUCTION COMPANY.
1057 Marlct St. opp. Jones.
AUCTION SALE.
THIS DAY (Tuesday). Sept. 8, 11 A. M.
Elegant Oak Furuiture of private residence, 105
Larkin street, i.ear Hayes.
1.. H. BCRD. Auctioneer.
probability of such a move being taken in
order to supply in a measure the pressing
demand for more room became knewn
this afternoon to a Call representative.
The heads of the various departments
at the university held a conference this
afternoon and the matter of more room
was brousht up for discussion. The tent
scheme seemed to be the most feasible of
all that were proposed.
The question was left nntil it bad been
acted upon by the Regents.
SENSATIONAL CHARGES.
Mrs. Frank P. Bacon Claims She Has
Been Deserted and Defranded by
Her Husbaud.
OAKLAND, Cal., SeDt. 7. — Because
Frank P. Bacon failed to keep up tne pay
ments on the old Haight homestead in
Alameda and allowed a suit of foreclosure
to be commenced his wife, Mamie C.
Bacon, has renewed her suit for perma
nent alimony and support. She also
makes defendants Julia H. Bacon, Caro
line Bacon and Ella Bacon Soale, sisters
of his and daughters of the late H. D.
Bacon.
The stipulation on dismissing the former
suit was that she was to have $250 a month
and the Haight homestead. She charges
now that he nas withdrawn all money to
his credit in. the banks, and left the State
to avoid service in any action for support
of her and the family. Sbe asks that all
conveyances made by defendant to the co
defendants be set aside, and a permanent
decree for support and costs be made a
lien upon his property.
Mr. and Mrs. Bacon were married at
San Gabriel, Cal., December 24, 1874. and
sbe alleges that without cause be deserted
Her about July 22, 1895. There are eignt
children by the union, ranging in age
from 20 years to 16 months. She puts his
interest in the Bacon Land Company at
$125,000, but to defraud her he has con
veyed this interest to his sisters. She
claims to have loaned him $4000 of her
separate estate received from her mother,
and that the $1500 received from the estate
of H. P. .bacon was exhausted in main
taining herself and the family. She asks
for $300 monthly allowance.
DEATH OE HUGH WILSON,
The Well-Known Society Man
Drowned While Eathing
Near Antioch.
He Was on His Way to Stockton for
the Native Sons' Annual
Celebration.
Oakxasd Office Fan Fbancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 7. )
J. C. Wil son received & dispatch from
Stockton to-night stating that his son
Hugh had met death while bathing near
Antioch. Hugh Wilson, who is one of
the best known society and club men in
Oakland, was swimming with a party of
friends when he was attacked with cramp,
and before assistance could be rendered
he sank.
Last Saturday Wilson left this city with
a small party on board his father's yacht
Nathalie. Their intention was to sail to
Stockton for the Admission day exercises.
Hugh Wilson was in charge of the yacht,
as be is an expert sailor, and a fine run
was mads to Vallejo, where yesterday was
spent A start was made up the San
Joaquin, and the marsh between Antioch
and Stockton was reached. On reaching
a pleasant anchorage the young men pro
posed a swim, and the proposition was
carried out. Wilson was seized with
cramp and sank, and his body has not yet
be&n recovered.
A dispatch was sent to Oakland from
Stockton and was delivered to J. C. Wilson
Jr., Hugh's brother. Mayor Davie and
ex-Mayor Chapman carried the fearful
news to the fatner, and when it reached
the ears of Mrs. J. C. Wilson Jr. she
swooned and was unconscious for several
hours. The notice oi his death was posted
at the Athenian Club and created great
sorrow all over town.
No two men in Oakland are better
known than Huerb Wilson and his brother.
Huuh Wilson was only 24 years of age,
and was a clurt man and rising man of
business. Only lately his father, whose
places of business are in Oakland and San
Francisco, turned over the management oi
the local oiiice to his eons. Huuh is a
member of many fraternal organizations,
and wa* prominent in athletics and yacht
ing circles. He was a member of the Re
liance Club and the California Yacht Club,
and of Oakland Parlor, N. S. G. W.
A WATER CAMPAIGN.
Prohibitionists to Nominate * County
Ticket "Wednesday.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 7.— The Ala
meda County Prohibitionists will hold
their convention at Hamilton Hall
Wednesday next at 10 a. m. There wUI
be present State Chairman Coulter, who
will speak to-morrow evening before the
Younz Men's Prohibition Club in upper
Hamilton Hall at S o'clock. Professor S.
P. Meads, an old-time worker in the cause
here, in speaking of the situation, has this
to say :
In regard to the effect of the presence of the
Prohibition ticket In Nitional politics, opin
ions differ. The Democrat* hope that the re
jection of the '.ree-silver jilank by the Prohibi
tionists in their National Convention will lead
many of the silver Prohibitionists to bolt to
Brva'n.
In this, however, they are likely to be greatly
mistaken. In this State pronounced silver
Prohibitionists are standing by the Nationsl
ticket, Levering and Johnson, because they
esteem the Prohibition issue of iar greater im
portance than any other. The few exceptions
only prove the rule.
The "National" bolters are nearly ail return
ing to the Prohibition ranks. The probability
is that for the rirst time in the history of the
Prohibition party in National politics its
proence will help the ■ Republican party.
Levering of Maryland, their candidate for
President, was formerly a Democrat, as was
also Johnson, their candidate for Viee-Presi
dent. Ger*.', their candidate for Governor of
Illinois, was until very recently one of the
leading Democratic attorneys in tho State.
Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of the Dem
ocrats in ice Stttesof Maryland, Kentucky and
Illinois, as well as in ottier doubtful States,
Will ior the first time vote the Prohibition
ticket. There is no doubt that in the States
mentioned, as well as in several others, the
presence of the Prohibition ticket will draw
more votes from the Democrats than from the
Republicans.
HISTORY ON A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Offtce San Francipco Call. )
90S Broadway, Sept. 7. \
Harry Hamilton, a railroad man, ha; been
reported missing. He ieit home about a week
TO-DAY, TUESDAY, SEPT. S, 1896,
At 2 o'clock p. m., at Salesroom,
414 JIcALLISTER STSBKV
A stock of-Norions. Stationer}'and Japanese Goods
without reserve. P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
ago and has not beea seen since. He has a
wife, at present residing with his parents in
Easi Oakland.
Fridny evening tho Seventh Ward Repub
lican Club will hold an open meeting in Its
Twelfth-street headquarters.
To-morrow evening the regular Republican
Club of Temescal will hold a ladies' night in
Pedrini's Hail, when able speakers will be
heard.
The Fourth Ward McKlnley Club will meet
to-morrow evening in People's Hall, 767 Sixth
street, to listen to addresses by prominent
speakers.
The regular meeting of the Oakland Politi
cal Equality Society will be held to-morrow at
2:30 p.m. at Odd Feilows' Hall, corner of
Eleventh snd Franklin streets.
The West Oakland Free-silver Clab held a
rousing rally at Sliver Hall on Pine street, be
tween Seventh and William. C L. Uutchin
son, Mr. Shives and others delivered stirring
addresses.
•—• —•
Holcomb's Egtate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 7.—The estate of
the late W. A. Holcomb, capitalist and
president of the San Francisco Produce
Exchauge, has been appraised at $45,14037.
Of this $35,240 34 consists of cash, promis
sory notes, judgments and a seat in the
exchange valued at |650. The remainder 13
real estate. It all goes to his two daugh
ters.
"WAGNER" AND SOCIETY
Thousands Listen to Splendid
Interpretations of the
Composer's Genius.
Attractive Programme Arranged for
Tc-Night and the Balance
of the Week.
Wagner night at the Mechanics' Expo
sition was a brilliant success, musically
and socially. For four hours last night
great throngß of people promenaded the
big Pavilion, listening to every note,
while along the balcony and around the
bandstand hundreds more gathered.
Whatever success Bcheel of not-unfor
gotten fame might have attained Hin
richs more than fills the vacancy created
by his absence. As a leader he is superb,
and as a musician he is the peer of many
who would place themselvea above him.
The concert last night opened with the
"Kniser March," followed by an overture
("Tannhauser"). In all, eight selections
were rendered, and each piece seemed to
be better than its predecessor. The entire
programme was as follows:
•'Kaiser March" : overture, "Tannhauser";
•election from "Flying Dutchman"; eupho
nium solo, -'Evening Star Song," from "Tann
hauser," W. H. Calverd; selection from
"Walkure"; entr'acte and bridal chorus,
"Lohengrin' 1 ; introduction, third act "Meis
tersinger"; grand march, "Tannhauser."
The American concert band is composed
of fifty pieces, and it is nor, assuming too
much to say that its superior has hardly
if ever been seen in this City. It is
understood that a movement is on foot to
give symphony concerts on Sunday. If
the scheme is carried through it will prob
ably prove attractive, as the machinery
will not be in operation, and consequently
there will be nothing to mar the harmony
of the occasion.
For this afternoon and evening a special
musical programme has been arranged.
This is Chinese night and it is expected
that the Celestials will attend in great
numbers. This afternoon children from
the Chinese school, Agassiz Primary,
Broadway Grammar and Clement Gram
mar will b9 in attendance. The musical
programme is as follows:
AFTERNOON.
March, "Front Section," Horst; festival
overture, Lindpaiuter; waltz, "Graefen
berger," Guugle; solo for cornet (selected),
William M&hood: "Grand Review of Aida,"
Verdi; overture, "Maritana," Wallace;
"Marche Heroiqus," Saint-Saens; "Forge in the
Forest," Michaeles; "Fantaiste Hungarese,"
Burgmein; polka, "Thunder and Lightning,"
Strauss.
EVENING.
March, "Naval Battalion." Roncovieri; over
ture, "Bronze Horse," Auber; waltz, "Thou
sand and One Nights," Strauss; trombone
solo, paraphrase of, "The Heart Bowed Down"
(Balfe), by Alfred Roncovieri; Chinese War
March. Michaeiis; overture, "Morninp, Noon
and .Night in Vienna," Suppe; grand selec
tion, "La Juive," Halliog; "The Jolly Black
smith," Suckley; Chinese Patrol, Michaeiis;
Infernal Galop de Concert, Kela Bela.
A great deal of interest is being taken in
the baby show which is scheduled for to
morrow afternoon. Owing to the great in
terest manifested in this event the rules
and regulations governing the contest and
the prizes are published Delow:
Babies competing for prizes will be desig
nated :
Boys, pink ribbon on left shoulder.
Girls, blue ribbon on right shoulder.
Those competing for prizes for heaviest
babies : Weighing scales for boys north of
music-stand, xor girls to the south of music
stand.
Babies must be natives of California.
PRIZES.
Handsomest baby boy, not over 2 years old,
silver cup.
Handsomest baby boy, not orer 1 year old,
baby Carriage strap, silver mounted.
Heaviest baby boy, not over 2 years old, sti
ver knife, fork and spoon.
Heaviest baby boy, not over 1 year old, silver
rattle with belis.
Handsomest baby girl, not over 2 years old,
pap bowi, spoon and plate.
Handsomest baby girl, not over 1 year old,
art glas>* and silver puff box and puff.
Heaviest baby girl, not over 'Z years old,
silver brush and comb.
Heaviest baby girl, not over one year old,
gold buttons with turquoise settings.
There will also be special prizes.
Judges— Judge J. V. Coffey, James D. Fhelan
and Edward M. Greenway.
Judge Campbell, Judge Bahrs and George T.
Cromley will act as judges.
MRS. MARCEAU'S BILLS.
The Wlf» of the Photographer in Legal
Difficulties With a Furniture
Home.
On a claim of Joseph Fredericks <fc Co.,
which had been assigned to L. Jacobi, a
collector, the household furniture of Mrs.
Theodore Marcean, wife of a pho
tographer, was attached yesterday, the
Deputy Sheriff invading her residence at
733 Ashbury street for that purpose.
Mrs. Marceau says that she is too busy
settling her divorce suit with her hus
band to spend any great amount of time on
small matters, ami that when she is free
she will liquidate all her indebtedness.
-^-"■^. . ■■■...
X""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
*?-•"> KEARMCVT. Established
§ffiWg"*]jgßa In 1834 for the treatment of Private
BLi.IV Jff Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
(HSW$4«£& disease wearing on bodyandinlnd and
VSeSsS lira Skin Diseases. Tbe doctor cures when
3Wg assa others fail. Try him. Charges low.
gMgflraßßßa Co re» goaran t>fd. Cullorwrita,
2i'. J. ft. uIBBOIT. Box 1057. 5 an Franclsca
I riiirs Into VeeetaMe Pill?
Are acknowledged by thousands ot persons woo
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weal: Stomach. Pimples, aai
purify tbe blood. • .■■ ■
Grossman's SDeciflc Mixtara
With this ' remedy persons can cure tbemsel
without i the . lease exposure, . change of diet, or
change In application to business. The medicin*
contains nothing thai is of the least injury to ttu
constitution. Ask your druggist lotU mci 41 «
botUe>
1314
THEY WILL PUT
UP THE TICKET
True-Blue Democrats Will
Nominate Presidential
Electors.
LOYAL TO THE CAUSE.
The Sound-Money League Merely
Awaits a State Expression
of Opinion.
CONFERENCE SATURDAY NIGHT.
The Real Democracy Awakens and
Practically Decides to Get Up
the Big Petition.
A Palmer and Buckner electoral ticket
rose definitely above the horizon of Cali
fornia politics yesterday.
The sound-money, true- blue Democrats,
who are loyal to Jeffersonian Democracy,
their party's honor and themselves, and
who regard their party's future, yesterday
took hold of the question seriously and
with a sort of careful enthusiasm. The
leading sound-money Democrats are
heartily in iavor of it, a few are doubtful
and none have opposed it.
As this wing of the party cannot use the
party name, it will require to rile with the
Secretary of State, withiu a short time, a
petition with about 8000 signatures, to get
the ticket on the general ballot.
At first this was not seriously consid
ered, it being the plan of the leading mem
bers of the Sound-money Democratic
League to simply distribute widely sound
money literature and to help defeat Bryan
by either voting for McKinley or staying
away from tne polls. Since the In
dianapolis convention heroically put
forth its platform and ticket the party in
California has become infused with a de
sire to be loyal to the cause in a way that
will count the most and mean the most.
There is pride in the platform, pride in
tlie ticket and pride in the spirit that rules
this hopeless cause — hopeless, that is, this
present campaign." There is a general de-
Bire to vote as American citizens lor that
for which sacrifice and labor is being
given. Many of ihe sound-money Demo
crats demand this with enthusiasm.
T:iis question was the principal one be
fore the executive committee of tne Sound
money Democratic League of California,
whicn met in executive session at head
quarters in the Milis building yesterday,
with £. B. Pond iu the chair. It was fa
variuly considered by all present, but
there was much about the law of the situ
tion — the process required, and so on—
that was not clearly known, and then the
sentiment of tLe 3ound money Demo
crats ot the whole State was wanted. For
these reasons no definite action was taken
yesterday.
Dr. Ed'ward R. Taylor, president of the
league, vras present, and when it was de»
cided that a meeting of the entire league |
should consider the project he at once
cailed a meeting of the league for that
purpose, to be held in the assembly-room
of the Mills building next Saturday even
ing.
In the meantime the Los Angeles, San
Diego and Santa Barbara leagues will be
consulted, along with representative
sound-money Democrats in other parts of
the State, and next Saturday evening defi
nite action will be taken.
It was pointed out yesterday that it
would not require very much time or
money to secure 8000 signatures. Eighty
petitions receiving 100 names each would
do it, for instance, and signatures could be
easily obtained everywhere by wholesale,
as it would not be necessary to look only
for ■ money Democrats.
As the electoral nominations will be
purely honorary ones, a ticket would be
readily agreed upon to accompany the pe
tition. Letters which will elicit general
sentiment will be sent out by Secretary
Elliott McAllister to-day. There is but
alight doubt, however, that the ticket will
be filed.
There is a disposition to put California
in line with the rest of the States, for one
thing. There is also in the minds of those
favoring the effort the consideration that
four years after the defeat and burial of
the Bryan- .Populist Democracy the party
will recover its sanity and stand clothed
in its right mind and again be true to its
principles and traditions. At that time
the honor-bright Democracy of this year,
with its great proportion oi the party in
the East, and with so large a proportion
of the real party leaders, : will be the
nucleus of a reorganized and purified
party. The California organization will
count for something then, for it will be
legally a party with a party machinery.
There is also the consideration that a
great many Democrats not in sympathy
with Bryanism will vote, and vote the party
ticket rather than for McKinley if they
have no place else to go. These considera
tions and the sentiment that goes with
them promises a Palmer and Buckner
ticket to California with little doubt.
At the meeting yesterday the distribu
tion of campaign literature, which will go
actively on anyway, was discussed at
length. In a day or two ten campaign
documents, aggregating 500,000 copies,
will be received from the printer and they
will be systematically put before the
voters of the State.
T # m
C'hlef Badenoch of Chicago In Town.
Chief of Police J. J. Badenoch of Chicago ar
rived here on the late train last nignt and is
at the Palace accompanied by Mrs. Badenoch
They are on a visit to their son, who for some
little time has been at Wrights, and is in poor
health. Chief Badenoch was here some eight
or nine months since, when he inspected the
Police Department and was shown various
courtesies by Chief Crowley and Captain Lees
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
MlssM. Neary.SantaCruz Miss RS Miller, Sta Cruz
D J Riley, Santa Cruz X Brown & wf. Mass
G D Plate, .Mode..- j a Kelly, Stockton
Mrs Brennan, Valleio Miss C Brennan, Vallejo
A W stuart, Courtland J M Lyon, Sacramento
I. F Moulton, Colusa J Robinson ft wf.lianford
M Jewett, Oakland J M Fare, California
R Gatz. USS Oregon B B Speer-, HumLoldt
Mrs Anthony, Portland . C Anthony. Portland
W J Layman. Oregon F L Coombs, Napa
Mrs S R Jew.ll,Sßit Lake Mrs J C James.Salt Lake
Miss Costeilo. salt Lake L Merritt, Salt Lake
J V Lawetzen. Salinas Miss G Lawetzen, Salinas
Miss ,f awetzeu ' Salinas W W WHlard. Lead vllle
CMcKercher.Washlngtn A Cutts & wf.Marysvllle
B B Hardwlcke, Md O VV Thompson.Portland
J Aj«rcuß.New Whatcom r H Sims, Toronto .
JHJenklns,y alley Ford W J Jones, Valley Ford
JRJamison&fy .Spokane J M Gleaves. Redding
L E Wood. Fresno l Tank. Fresno
B Weilheim. Mt View .i- L Hobbs, San Andreas
P Sweed. Petaluma J W Woodlßnd.
C gnrnee. Oakland H (Jrinnell, Pasadena
J U Woof. Coronado W B B.ack B!nc'-a
F E Black, Blacks J Leathers Jr. Blacks
D OEntrican, Blacks W H Hilton tiien Kllen
W H Walker, Willows R A Lou,! Willows
WHSherwood&wf.Chlco Q F Ditzler Bices
JWBrowning.Grandlsld DB Kelser'&»vt,Houston
PALACE HOTEL.
F W West. Stockton Mrs 0 Waidron. Sta Cruz
J -mith. Boston N M Hell <fc wf, bt Louis
J J Marsman. «.:iiicago P Davis <k wf, California
Dr J McLaChtMM hicago A X Whitney. Kverett
J L Harris, Chicago E F Cooper. Philadelphia
<) J smith & wf. Nev J F W. tson, I'ortlaud
J F sartori, Los Angeles Col H Trevelyan. Fresno
J Goodman & wf. Texas C H Jordan, Stanford
F J Porter, Lisbon L J Mitchell, Lon.ion
J A Baxter «fe wf, lowa W R Ward, England
E R Gunther, England H H Pell, New York
A J Hechtman, Sacto J H Rucker, San Jose
Sirs G Davis. Stockton
LICK HOUBK.
M McWborter. Fresno Miss Colley. Seattle
W Hunter, Napa C Wood, DavisvlUe
X Spalsbury, Santa Cruz Mrs Spalsbury, Sta Cruz
J W Utes, Santa Rosa R B&rcar, Vacaville
R J Benily, Sacto Mrs T C Jones, Sacto
F E Rogers &w, Sacto Mrs J Perry Ad. Stcutou
O T Richards, Cal Mrs P X Joost, Sta Roaa
Miss Joost. Mint a Roaa J Moore, Kama Roaa
J E Simpson, Cal G P (.'happen, Yuba City
W Darneai, Los Oatos M B isneden. Niles
J W Keeean. Ma Ro*a B X Block <fe w, Sacto
<; Ji strowbridge, Or Uj Kosenoersc, Or
T C Reav.g, sallnas SMBeil.wl4 son, Mo
F S Dennis & fatn. Cal W C Oaies & fam, Ala
H Marsh, San Jose N G Rhodes, *an Jose
C A Jones, Newman A J Smith A w, Loa Aug
H Williams <fe w, Wash Mrs Blair, Wash
X W Drury, Seattle G S Henscale, Wash
J D MDougall, !-t< ckton
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
W C Home, Los Alamos W Home, Los Alamos
G D Hilton. I os Alamos W X Sowers. Sau Diego
C M 'lucker, Gold Run J Sargent, Gold Kun
D Haly. Stockton J Williams it w.Oakland
W Cough. Sacramenta J Jones, Stockton
S Jacobson, Lodi C B Sheldon, Spokane
J A Joyce, Fort Bragg J S Lowden «fe w, Hambg
J Haven & w, Dixon S H Scaniand, Stockton
J Hurley <& w, Va City E Tui>bs, Yrefca
J A Ames, I.oa Angeles W Hanke &f, Fresno
L L Boone, Sat ram en 10 W B UVmiake Sacto
F H Watson, Vallejo W c: Grady, Fresno
J Coleman. Occidental J Kelly, Napa
Mrs Scully, Los Gatos 8 S Thompson, Stockton
F1- Field &w, Salinas C F Hazeiton, Castroville
il Abbott, Castroville Mrs Winters, Stockton
J Ke.ay & w, .Napa
NSW WESTERN HOTEL.
C B Minford, Chicago T H Johnson, Cederville
L Forburg, Greenwood G W Robinson, Greenwd
F C L Uinke, RMS O T Williams. Weavervle
P King, Ireland J Schmidt, Ireland
J Ledder. Muss J H Boyd, Madera
Ethel Judder, Mass T J Brown, Point Keyea
C H Hensey, Pt Reyes E Reibel <fc wi, Sacto
J Brighley, Sacramento W H Raymond, Detroit
J Gaberley, Sacramento S S Youngs, Putman
BALDWIN HOTEL.
JLWutemiyer.MartlnesG E Maguire, Stockton
T M Todd, Auburn J L Isaacs, Berkeley
J 8 Stanton, Chicago T Q Smith. Santa Cruz
A Bernheim, Santa Croz £ R Glfford. Auburn
E Paul. Arbuckle H A Hunter, Castroville
Miss Stort*., Boulder Crk C H Carlton, New Orleans
S R Sasslnot, N Orleans R G Curtis. 11l
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FraaclacoCAZA—
710 Market street, open until la o'clock every
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICBB— 090 Montgomery street,
eerner Clay ; open until 9:90 o'clock.
838 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
TlB Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, «pea
I onttl 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 8 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
rS 1 PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136. F. m
a^-*' and a. M., 121 Eddvst., meets THIS
EVENING at 7:30 O'clock. DegTee 3. Xlf
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /^/\
WTZg* CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, •
i*^ R. A. M., will meet THIS.A
(TUESDAY) EVENING, September B,lS_r
at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. degree. By order /V>
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
Ejqg 3 GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30. ~m~
&*^ F. and A. Called meeting THIS /_
(TUESDAY) EVENING, September B, at lev
7:30 o'clock. D. 1. r^\
GEORGE J. HOBE, Sec.
tt3S» ORIENTAL LODGE NO 144, F. •
»* and A. M.-Thlrd Degree THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. V V
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V\
JKS> MASTER MARINERS' BEN- 1~~
■*"-*' evolent Association— Funeral No-}\^?~»
tice. Special meeting will be held at hall, »}**___.
Alcazar building, O'Farrell st-.WBDNJBS-l*-' —
DAY, September 9, at 1:30 p.m. All members
are requested to be present for tbe purpose of ..t-
-tending the funeral of our deceased brother, F. G.
MILLER.. By order of the president.
L.TRAUNG, Recording Secretary.
(JE^s= ORDER OF SCOTTISH CLANS. „• C 7 >,
>»— ' Sixth annual picnic and games 3V, c_ns7
will be held at Shell Mound Park on >*J»,_\?_?
ADMISSION DAY. Wednesday, Sen-
tember 9. A splendid programme of 34 events
will be presented. . Cash and valuable prizes to
winners in all competitions. Game* open to aIL
Grand concert of Scotch airs by Gregu's band.
Exhibition .Scotch dancing by lads and lasses.
Dancing in pavilions all day. The best picnic of
the season: don't miss it.
Then with us to Shell Mound, away from dull care;
The 9th of September with you we would share.
Let the young and the old arrange all their plans
And spend the best picnic along with tue clans.
Admission to park: Gents 50c, ladies and chil-
dren 25c.
special NOTICES.
: c^~oTttDT :r R7
*>->? cheapest place In the. city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
»^ts=> DR. ALFRED EICHLER HAS RE-
■•— ' turned from abroad and resumed practice at
517 Jones su
Cf__S» DR. T. F. BRENNAN REMOVE TO
"—* Emporium or Parrott bide., rooms 397, 398.
rt^g 3 DR. albert abrams HAS RE-
»fc~-*^ moved his offices to 784 Geary st.
B^tr" DR. G. E. SUKSDOIIFF HAS REMOVED
»~-* y his offices to 22^ Geary su, rooms 1 and "2.
»r:S=" BAD TENANTS EJECT FOR $4;
•*■*'. collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montey su. room 6. Tel. 6580.
XS 1 BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
*~-» y Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
CR. HANSEN _ CO., 110 GEARY ST..
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your oruers: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
R-\ M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
SITUATION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
0 waitress: good references. Address T. A., box
21, Call Office.
ELIABLE BUSINESS WOMAN WISHES
-It position in Mechanics' Fair as representative
of . some business firm. Address MRS. WATSON.
2IJI/2 Hardy st. y
ERMAN LADY WANTS TO DO HOUBE-
VT cleaning; $1 per day. MRS. HILS, 148 Sixth
St., room 91. r" ' ••..'«
GOOD COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SIT UA-
tion to do housework and cooking. 1610 Baker
St.. bet. Bush and Pine -
pOMPETKNT WOMAN HOUSEWORK. CALL
VJ 227 Minna st.
RKSSMAKER WILL OO OUT BY THE
day or take sewing home. 603 Eddy sU
REFINED GERMAN WISHES ENGAGE^
ment to teach, take care or children and sew
or as useful companion: can board home. Ad-
dress G. H., box 71, Call Office.
ESPECTABLF, GERMAN GIRL, GOOD
cook, wants situation as housekeeper in small
family. Call 14 Eleventh St., near Market.
WANTED-RY YOUNG WOMAN, SITUA-
»i tion to do light housework. Apply at 838%
Harrison st.
r OUNG ENGLISH LAW Y OF REFINEMENT
wishes position as traveling companion, or gov-
erness; a good seamstress: no objection to country
Call or address 1046 Mission si. .
GERMAN girl Wants SITUATION to do
general housework and plain cooking. Call or
address 718 Valencia su, beu Eighteenth and
Nineteenth. _^
R5 FINED GERMAN GOVERNESS WANTS
situation: love* children; talks English and
some French; references. L. G., box 119, Call. |
ITUATIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS- P±sO:£
•pectns two«2-c. stamps. C. M. ( :0.,777 Market.
GERMAN MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS
■to work in a small German family; light
housework. Apply 271 Stevenson st.
"VrOUNGLADY WHO IS STUDYING FROM 9
X a. m. to 4 p. m., wishes position as companion
or to assist, for board and room; references given
and required. Address M. E., box 19, Call office.
V OUNG COLORED GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
X tion to do light housework or take care of baby
wanes $10 to $12. . Address S. 8.. box 8, Call. ■
YOUNG KAS i ERN LADY, GOOD SEAM-
X stress, wishes plain sewing to do. Call from 1
to 8 f. m., 25 ..Inth St., room 22, second floor.
YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION TO
Xdo light housework or to mind children. 480
Eighth st.
"LMRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WILL WORK
X I forsl 25 per day. Call 1004 Markc: st., r. 6.
» ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS WASHING OR
X\i Ironing by the day., 874 HowHra st.
1 ADY THOROUGHLY COMPETENT TO
-t make boys' clothing would like a few more en-
gageroents. call or address 519 Octavla su
VrEAT GIRL, ABOUT 16 YEARS, WISHES
J-^ situation to do light housework or care of
baby. Call or address 1417 Shotwell St., off Cali-
fornia aye.
ERMAN WOMAN WANTS TO Dj COOKING
ld hous w *3 week; sleep home. MKB.
WITTMA.S. 2009 Mission st.
~y O UNO GIRL W ANTS' A SITUATION TO CO
. x general housework and cooking: good refer-
ence, clO Pearl st. • : ■ -
"V OUNG WOMAN OF R KF 1 N X M ENT
X wishes to assist with light housework in return
for room and board and small pay; can c»re for in-
valid, or assist in lodging-house; good home more
an object than wages: references furnished. Ad-
dress MRS. C. a, box 134, Call Office.
A SSISTANT BOOKKEEPER-YOUNG LADY
rv desires situation: flrst-class stenographer-
owns typewriter: city or country ; will travel as
yalesiady: $25 per month: fine references. Ad-
dress V. T., box 16, Call Office.
IMRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK. ECONOMI-
I? cal housekeeper, wishes steady. sltua-.lon In a
good business house or large private lamlly, city
or country best of references given. 90 Clara st"
cor. Fourth. „ ,
MIDDLE-AGED COMPETENT WOMAN
1»X wishes situation as .wor.inir housekeeper in
small family.- Address or call 46 y a Tiffany aye.
beU Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth sts.
I ADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUSkT
Xj k«eper; no objection to child ; city preferred
Address or call afternoon, between 1 and 2 o'docK
737 Hayes su w_,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMISJSK 8, IS»<5.
SITUATIONS WANTEP-Contlnned.
TTIXPERIENCED NURSE AND FIRST-CLASS
X-J waitress wants situation by, the week: sleep
home; best of references. Please call or address
215 Minna at.
OUNG. REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 .Market St., room 19, second floor. 4 . -
/I KRMAN GIRL OF 17 WANTS SITUATION
VT todolignt housework or take care of child.
Please call at 406 Lyon st.. near Hayes. ' ■ . ■ - - - •-:- ■
T> ELIABLE TRAINED NURSE (GERMAN)
XV wishes to take charge of Infant or invalid.
Call or address 232 Shotwell st. '■■ " ''•■'■ ■■".-■"
/I ERMAN GIRL DESIRES A PLACE IN
VJT private family to do general housework. 618
Geary st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY
to do general housework. Call 1938 V& Mission.
■VOUNoITI WISHES SITUATION TO DO
1 second work. Call 2813^ Bush St. -. >-•■--
p ENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
VJT embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 Market.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
V to do general housework: American family
preferred. Please call or address 15 Van Ness aye.
V BOOKKEEPER, BOOKS TO POST AFTER-
noons and evenings; reasonable. Address A.,
box 20, Call Office. - ■ ■
"[EXPERIENCED LADIES' NURSE DESIRES
Hi engagement; city or country; terms $30 for 3
weeks; will tAke cases in home reasonable. E. L.,
box 8, Call Office.
p_LIABLF. DRESSMAKER WISHES A
XV few more engagements by the day or week In
families: terms reasonable. Address 417 McAllis-
ter aU: city.
yUUSfI AMERICAN WOMAN DESIRES
X housekeeper's position: city or country, or
would do plain sewing. 864 Mission St., room 3.
OONG lady wishes position AS
X bookkeeper, stenographer, cashier, entry-clerk
or saleslady: no objection to the country. Address
W. A., box 71, Call Office. -
ANTED— BY A RESPECTABLE AMERI-
an woman, work by the day; is a good laun-
dress and can do any kind of housework and give
good references. Address 36 Ellis su: bookstore.
COMPETENT GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
VJ situation as housekeeper or infant's nnrso;
good manager; references if required. Address C.
C., box 139, call Office. '
T ADY OF REFINEMENT, POSSESSING ALL
Xj the qualifications of a pleasant companion,
also with a fair knowledge of medicine, desires a
position in that capacity with an invalid; no re-
numeration but comfortable home; city or coun-
try: references. Address L. M. 8., box 40, Call.
"[EXPERIENCED LADY COMPOSITOR DE-
XJ sires employment in daily or weekly newspa-
per- office; city or country: can assist in job de-
partment; also proof-reading; wages payable
weekly. Address Compositor, box 82, Call Office.
ORKINO HOUSEKEEPER WISHES TO
take charge of a small hotel or lodging-house;
city or country: reference. 'Address Housekeeper,
box 72, Call Office.
ESPt-.CTABLE WOMAN WANTS PLAIN
XV sewing or mending. 650 Jessie st.
VL" ANTED — REFINED AND EDUCATED
" middle-aced German widow desires posi-
tion as housekeeper, matron or ladles' companion ;
Is also competent to teach German: no objection to
taking care of children: reliable references given
and required. Address ABC, box 16, call.
' INCHES! Kit HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. SB.
Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus ami hatrtrtitre to and from the }errv.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
HU NTER^'a^CoT CH IN KSE AMD 'jApT
nese employment office. 17 Webb su. below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. YOUNG, mgr
TAPANEBE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sutter st. : tel. Grant 30.
pHINKSE AND JAPANESE KKLIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY_CO., 640 Clay.
HINKSK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell: tel. K. 424
"yOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AS GAR-
J. dener or as coachman: good reference. Apply
GEORGE WQLLAB, 36 Julian aye.
WANTED — BY THOROUGH ENGLISH
» » coachman: smart, clean-shaved and thorough-
ly nsed to carriage work; first-class references. J.
F., t>ox 108. Call.
WINEMAKKR, ALL THROUGH THh BUSI-
•* nes< from the grape to bottling, cooper, distil-
ler, etc ; best of reference; married. Address 8.
A., box 72, Call Office.
BARBER WANTS TO RUN A SHOP IN
country. Barber, box 81, Call Office.
, ATH ATTENDANT WANTS SITUATION:
' > experienced. B. A., box 19, Call Office.
POSITION WANTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
X by steady, sober young German; thoroughly
understands care of fine horses and flower garden:
Is willing and obliging; first-class references. Ad-
dress S. G., box 65, Call i ffice.
ARDENF.R OF LONG EXPERIENCE
VJ wants situation in greenhouse, rosehouse,
flower garden; fruit, vegetable, budding, grafting,
propHgating; b?at of references. Address G. H.,
box 102, Call Office.
/ 'ERMAN (MARRIED) WOULD LIKE TO
'■• work in a wine cellar as bottle-washer, barrel-
cleaning. 231 Pacific St., corner Battery.
■VTOUNG AMERICAN AND WIFE WANT
X situations In hotel or private family; Al refer-
ence. 8 Mason St., room 12.
YOUNG, STEADY MAN; 2 YEARS IN THIS
X country; Is handy with homes, cows, etc., gen-
eral all-rpund work: can give good references.
Address Y. S., box 79, Call.
p ERMAN BOY OF 16 WISHES ANY KIND
U of work: can drive. Apply 314 Eighth st.
OY OF 18. TALL AND STRONG, WHO
speaks German, wishes position of -any kind
anywhere. Address 529 forty -second st., Oakland.
V> ELIABLE DANISH MAN, MIDDLE-AGED,
J. V wants situation around private place; under-
stands care of horses and cows and can make him-
•self generally useful: reference. Call or address
Yosemite House, 1043 Market st., room 40.
GOOD CARPENTER WANTS A POSITION:
J has worked several years on large ranch as
general repairer; understands running steam
boiler and pumps; moderate salary. Address C.
M., 416 Broadway.
IT UA TION WANTED BY SINGLE GER-
man gardener; understands taking care of
greenhouses and gentleman's place; city or coun-
try Address Gardener, 636 Commercial st.
ARTENDER (AMERICAN): GOOD BUsT
ness connection; first-class references. L. G.
T.. 314 Third St.
LDERLY MAN. STRONG, WILLING,
i wants work private family : Is used to horses;
gar-eniogand cooking; useful In general: wages
moderate; references. Address .A. X., box 40.
Call Office.
AN," THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED IN
wine and brandy making, wishes situation in
a winery: speaks French. German and English.
M. T., box B*, Call. - /
QIT U A T I O "N WANTED FORA FIRST-CLASS
O carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to work. Address D., 1050 Howard st.
2 "PRACTICAL " -PAINTERS AND
paper-hangers, with tools, want work by the
day or piecework for private parties: city or coun-
try; will work cheap. Address Painters, 272
Clementina st., rear.
ANE WISHES .SITUATION; THOROUGH-
Iy understands management of horses, gar-
dening, milking and general work: sober and re-
liable in every respect; good references. J. N.,
416 Broadway, city.
VTALET OR NURsK TO IN VALID GKNTLE-
i man; gives massage treatment: has good refer-
ences. Address Valet, box 76, Call.
j. V SINGLE ENGLISHMAN SITUATION AS
1 ' milker and butter-maker; understands care of
thoroughbred cattle. Address C. HEWITT, 679
Third st., Oakland.
V FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN; 10 YEARS"
experience: flrst-clas" city reference; good
plain gardener If necessary: city or country. Ad-
dress C. M., box 15, Call Office.
JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS RLACE;
speaks English. GEORGE, 22 Prospect place.
BY YOU.NG ENGLISHMAN, WITH GOOD
references from England, employment in an
Oakland store with the option of buying a share In
the business after a few months' trial. Address
P. THOMAS, Dlmond P. P., Alameda Co.
SCOTCHMAN, STEADY, WISHES POSITION
O to run steam boilers: can also run engine. Ad-
drers Engineer, box 97, CalL
YV INCHESTKR UOUSK, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights in every room- 200
rooms; 25c to $150 per night: $160 to $8 per
week: free bus and bag?are and from the ferry.
/COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
VJ engineer «nd machinist desires position. - Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 JSlarketsU. S. F., Cal.
\\f INCHESTER MOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
*» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus am*, baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANT I ■: I).
pERMAN NURSERY GOV'EItNESS, $20;
\J governess and seamstress. $20; housework,
Sonoma, $20; Belvedere, $25: San Rafael, $25 to
*30: Willows, $25: Oakdale, $25, and other towns;
20 housework girls,. city and country, $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $16. MISS CUL-
LKN, 323 sntter su ~
COOK, AMERICAN. FAMILY, $30. MISS
/ CULLEN, 323 Sutler su
GKRM A N, FRENCH OR SCANDINAVIAN
I cook. $35. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter st.
TV KAT REFINED GERMAN. SECOND GIRL,
■LI $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter at.
IRISH GIRL, HOUSEWORK,- JEWISH
X family, $30. MISS CuLLEN, 323 Sntter st.
<> NEAT SECOND GIRLS. $20 EACH;
— second girl and laundress, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter sU. :
VRhNCH SECOND GIRL; $25. MISS CU L-
J LEX, 323 Suiter St. -■ - ■ ..
/CHAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS, BAN
VJ Mateo, $20; 2 waitresses. $20. MISS CUL-
LE - 323 Sutler.
OUSKWORK-GIRL, SAN JOSE, $25: SEE
lady here. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter. . _J
A N IKISH ■ GIR I, ■AS COOK FOR SAN
Rafael, $26. MISS CULLEN, 323 Satter sU
VTEAT YOUNG NURSE, $10. MISS CULLEN
i>_32S Sutter su :
GERMAN OR SWEDISH WAITRESS, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. ■■ .- "
HELP WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG WOMAN TO COOK FOR MKN, $20,
X call early: waitress, first-class country hotel,
*17 50, fere paid: young woman, general work,
ranch near city, ■ $20; 25 women . ana girls ■ for
housework, cooking, etc.; second girl, country,
$15. fare paid. MURRAY* & READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
OX WOMEN AND GIRLS CAN OBTAIN
UU work to-day; cooks, waitresses, second girls,
chambermaids, nousework girls, cook for 10 men.
2 nurses and others; from $15. $-0, ?30 i.nd ?40
per month: come and see us at once. MURRAY
* READY, Leading Employment Agents," 634
and b3t> Clay st.
VV A NfhJj-2 GERMAN COOKS, $30 AND $25:
" •'Protestant cooks, country, $25: chamber-
maid and seamstress, 820; waitress and parlor-
maid, country, $26; young eirls for general house-
work, $.0 and $16. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stock-
ton st.
WA ITRESS, CITY, $20 AND ROOM, CALL
» » early; chambermaid and wait some, $18 and
room;: woman to do pantry -work and wash nap-
kins, etc. ; waitress for Newman, Cal., *15 and
room: chambermaid and wait some, $15 and
room; 9 house-girls, $20; 13 house-girls, $15; 17
young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month, assist,
etc.. nice families. MARTIN'S, 7-18 Market st.
_» HOUSEGIRLS, SHOUT DISTANCE IN THE
° country. $25, see party cere at 11 o'clock: girl.
Alamedu, $'iO: namber of girls, city, $20, $26 and
■JW; cook, private boarding-house, $35. Apply
MRS. Martin, 315 Mutter at. ' ■ '■ ' ■
CIOOK, $30: GIRL FOR WOODLAND, SEE
\~i lady at 11 a. m., $25: German second girl,
$20: second girl, $_5; girls for housework, $15
and $20. German Employment Office, 306 Mason.
\\ DMAS COOK. $30; COUNTRY HOTEL.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny sU
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions. German Employment, 306
Mason at.
GERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT GKNKRAL
r housework; wages $15. 3938 Seventeenth at.,
near Castro.
W" ANTED— WOMEN TO TAKE HOME
» » washing; Apply 961 Harrison st.
G'llßL THAT CAN SPEAK" GERMAN, FOR
I general housework; sleep home. 1033 Minna.
WASTED-COOK AND LAUNDRESS FOR
if general housework; references required;
wages »20. Apply 1901 Baker st.
STEADY PROTESTANT GIRL OR WOMAN
to do general housework in American family
of 2; will have a good home; reference required.
MRS. R. R. SWAIN, 2000 Channlng way, Berke-
ley.
IRST-CLASS~LADY CARVER— ONE USED
x to delicacy business; must be neat and quick
worker: knowledge of German language required.
Address P., box 12, Call Office.
GERMAN GIRL— PLAIN COOKING; 2 IN
r family. Apply 462 Natoma st.
GIRL— 11'iUSKWORK: NO WASH. 10%
Sherman, off t- olsom, bet. sixth and Seventh.
\T OUNG GIRL— LIGHT HOU-iriWOKK: MUST
X sleep home; wages * 10. 215 Second st.
/>IRL, EXPERIENCED IN BOOKBINDING,
VJ who understands : pasting. STUPARICH
Manufacturing Co., 623 Market st.
O GIRLS IN COFFEE SALOON. 131 MOST-
— gomery st, room 11, second floor.
'OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X housework; Protestant. 1698 Page, upstairs.
S~ TEADV PROTESTANT WOMAN TO DO GEN-
eral housework for American family In Valleio.
1111 Scott st.
G 1 " 1 FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 513J*
RIGHT, POPULAR YOUNG LADY; GOOD
XJ salary If suitable. Room 433, Parrott building.
HOUSEKEEPER; GKItMAN PREFERRED:
widow or elderly person. Address A. E., box
6. Call Office.
V OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK;
X wakes $8. 405 Sixth st. -■ .. .
A'OUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work; wages $15. 118 Capp st.
\V AXTtD-GiRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND
'' washing; $12. Apply 41 Eleventh st.
GIRL TO ASSIST WIIH HOCsEWoRK AND
VJ children; Bleep home. 1435 Leaven wort st.
l\r AN TED-SMART GIRL ■ FOR DINING-
M room 1191 Market st. ; call early.
WANTED— LITTLE GIRL TO MIND BABY.
' ' 715 Natoma su, grocery store.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work- Apply 492 Eighth St., bakery.
\TEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERALHOUSE-
X'S work. -Apply 773 Halght st.
THIRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS WANTED:
X also first-class buttonhole-makers. BOWHAY.
504 Sutter st. '
"OROTES.TANT GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
X child and assist: good home. 1707 Oak st.
W ANTED— A BRIGHT WOMAN TO SELL
» ' goods mall. Pit. H.. box 15, Call.
LADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRESSING. MAN-
lcurinsr, beaut- culture; agents wanted to sell
my toilet specialties. .M RS. BUTLER, 1 1 Post st.
GOOD CHOCOLATE-DIPPER. CALL AT
VJ once at SCHAEFKR'S, 22 Sixth su
\y ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINERY
»' school In city; teacher of 10 years' experience;
large class now lormlng for fall work; large work-
room; references given. 410 Leavenworth st. *
W- ANTEU-YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR
general housework. «200 Mission st.
\\" ED-GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
'' housework. 69H Baker st.
l\ r ANTED— ONLY A FIRsT-CLASS OPK-
" rator on corsets: high wages; Singer sewlne-
machine used; run by electric nower. 1388 Market.
PKRATORS ON FLANNEL OVEKSHIRTS
;and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32>A
I remont st.
R-SSMAKERS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
XJ for families: waist and skirt hands for shops-
positions free. McDuWELL'S school, 636 Market.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell at., 105 9th.
11 AIRDRKSsINO. 25*3 AND .H6c. MORNING
XX and eve classes; 101eg«ons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
I,'LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
i»I. Winchester House. 44 Third it, near Market:
JOO rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $d
I'Tweek: ;ree 'bus and baggage loand from ferry.
C^ff^Fv ,^ T D T BEST IN AMERICA-TH_
Ti«i»\r£^. V CALL » »«* to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 81 £0, post-
MALE HELP WANTED.
T^ER^iXyTSL an, $ ltTrolns^B anchT~mi?s
\JT CULLEN. 322 sutter at.
OAA MEN. WOMEN AND CHILDREN TO
O\r\J pick hops; 3 hammersmen, near city; 3
laborers. $25: 6 farmers, $16, $20 and $26; 3
teamsters, city, $26 and found. . MURRAY *
READY, sending Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
90 M"E>J AND STRONG BOYS TO PULL
—\J beans, near city, $20 and $23 per month:
farmer and wife, $40 per month and found; 20
grape-pickers; 10 men to dig irrigation ditches,
etc., for a large compuny. . Mr . hay <t READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 633 Clay.
Of) TIKMAKEKS. 8c KACH: 3 GERMAN
—>' vineyard hands to work in a wine-cellar.
MiKRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
P. CARPKNTERS FOR A LARGE MINE AND
*J orchard company: call early: 2 choremen, $15
and $20. : MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
9^ WAITERS FOR CITY AND COUNTRY
—*J hotels and restauraus, $20. 826, $80 and
$35: 5 cooks, $30, $40, $50 and $60: 5 dishwash-
ers, $15 and $•-'0: 2 bakers, si-cond and third
hands. $25 and $35 per month and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment Agents.
634 and 636 Clay st. '
3 FIRST-CLASS TRAY WAITERS FOR A
y first-class country hotel: steady job. MUR-
RAY it READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ;
X WAITERS FOR COUNTRY HOTEL, $30; 3
v waiters, with dress suits, country hotel, $30-
-second cook, country hotel, $.40: French assistant
cook, hotel, $30: young man to assist in kitchen
for an Institution, $15: dishwashers, kitchen-
hands, pot washers vegetablemen, etc. C. R.
HAN*EX & CO., 110 Geary st.
V2 UNO FRENCHMAN TO ASSIST IN A
x first-class hotel kitchen, $30 per month and
board, see party here.. C. R. HaNSKN &CO.,
110 Geary st.
■ r A N TED-TWO MORE MINERS. $52 PER
.' » month; young man for stock ranch near city.
to work In breaking barn, $20 and found: .' Swiss
milkers, $.-10: 8 farmhands. $26; 60 hop-pickers,
cook small restaurant, $7 per week; waiters, dish-
wasners and. others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626
Clay st.
W ANTED— SECOND BUTLER, WITH GOOD
" references, $40: waiter. $25; barkeeper. young
man, I-rencb preferred. $:*0 and found; French as-
-8i s:»nt cook, $;iO to $40; assistant In a confection-
e IK' r 0 .} b ,°- v t0 walt at table, $i 5, etc. LEON
ANDRE, 316 Stockton su\ .
rjISHWASHKR, $1 DAY; DISHWASHER, $6
XJ week; second cook, small hotel: pantryman,
city; man for general work In restaurant, $20,
etc : dishwasher, $10 and room: young man to
wait at table, $15 and room: bellboy, $10 and
room, call early; third cook; young man as helper
in carriage works: 2 young men to work on fruit
ranch; elderly man for private place; ' men for
woodchopping MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
WANTED— CHOREMAN FOR RANCH. $25:
-'» machine man for country mill, $2 a day and
board; choreboy, $10 and found: laborers and
teamsters. $1 a day and board: cooks, waiters and
others. Aj.ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO- 628 Sac-
ramento st.
( ■iH. OB M AN AND WIFE, COUNTRY, $36.
■V/-B. .T.y.WARD & CO., 60S and 610 Clay Ht.
" E RMAN GIRL WANTS AN INDUSTRIOUS
VX ma as partner with $150 capital in first-class
delicacies, butter, eggs, smoked • meat, • cigars and
stationery store: will guarantee $60 and board
each by doing our own worK. • Apply at the place,
304 Fourth su. from 9 to 4.
\Ua.\TjvD— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
111 some simple thing to ■ patent? * Protect your
wi?n ,', P , y muy orii'K you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, ' Uashinston. D. C. for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted. _ T.
\y ANTED-MAN FOR REPAIRING OF FUR-
• » nnure: one acquainted with second-band busi-
ness preferred, see .H.,SCHELLHAAS, 408
Eleventh uu, Oakland.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
pLOTHING CUTTER WANTED. 20 - SAN-
\J some st. '
AKTNER IJN FIRST-CLASS 3-CH AIR 15c
barber-shop; unusual opportunity. 131 O'Far-
rell st. . ....
ANTED— YOUNG MAN TO LEARN BAR-
ber trade. Inquire So4b Valencia st. ,
MAN TO WORK ON TRAVELING-BAGS ;
also boy, inquire Factory. 115 Minna st.
STRONG BOY WANTED TO POLISH STOVES.
California and Drumm sts.
SKAMEN~FOR AUSTRALIA AND OJHEII
ports. .10 .Steuart St., upstairs. '
SHOt-.MAKEK ON REPAIRING. 6 HUNT
street. . .;■-. --;■-. .-;■
L)ARBER WANTED. 37 THIRD STREET.
WANTED — BOY TO LEARN BARBER
1 ' trade; good place for good boy. 707 Brannan.
SECOND COOK WANTED. 648 FOURTH
street. -
\\r ANTED— EXPERIENCED ADVERTISING
»» solicitor for special work. 523 Market St.,
room 18. .
GIOOD GERMAN WAITER. CALL AT 1111
r Market st.
BOY TO BLACK BOOTS. PLEAS AN TON HO-
tel, Sutter and Jones sts. .
WANTED— A GERMAN TO RUN A CHOP-
" house: man or woman. Particulars Sixteenth
and Church sts.
GERMAN WAITER WANTED, $4 A WEEK.
VJ 17 Washington st.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
I > AKBEKS- FOK EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
XJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 326 Grant aye.
ARBER SHOP.-2 CHAIRS; 15c: GOOD
business: rent flO; opp.carhonse. 1310 Castro-
IJARBERS— 2-CHAIR SHOP FOR SALE ON
XJ Market street. Inquire 29% Linden aye. .■
'ANTED— FOR .THE UNITED STATES
'» Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between 'he ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 6 feet 3 Inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United Slates or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to ■ become citizens will be
accepted ;• this Important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis at., San Francisco, CaL
\\r ANTED— SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
'» st.. California House.
VVT E WANT TO ENGAGeTeNERGETIC MEN
» ' and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., B. F.
\\r ANTED— .MEN TO Lt.ARN BARBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. H. F. Barber School. 1616 Howard.
TVJKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
xi 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c;week $1 to $2 50 ;readlng- room strictest atten-
tlon to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
' AXMTED— 50 MKN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
$1 ween, 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
>.N'S HALF-SOLING, 60c.: LADIES, 40c;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel : branch 767 Market, opp. Will <fe Finck's.S.F-
ROOM* 160 Tv 76c PJSR NIOHT; 60c TO *1 60
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm at.
C CLOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
-' shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard st. >_
ANTE. —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
»' boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
LARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, * 3 50; hand-snwed
shoes. $6. 726% Howard at., bet, ThlrJ and 1- our:h
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAK
"" Market; 200 rooms.- 25 cents a night: reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
rpRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
I IN-ELL HOUsE. HIXTH AND HOWARD
J i Bts.; single furnished rms 7 fie week, 16c nlnh:.
S.-REAIOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 6c.
l||nMK» TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
i'-'y and 20c a night. Including coHaa aua rolls,
(24 Washington si., near Kearny.
EST IN CITY- -SING iE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 60 per wee-
Pacific bouse. Commercial and Lelde.idorff sts.
W ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
«» to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 150
large rooms: 25c per nigh:-, $1 to $3 per ween.
ANTED— SiNGLti ROOMS. 15c A DAY: $1
— «ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 a week;
read room: dally papers. :^ti Clay sU •-
VI k.N"'I«J l''KKll .»l.'..NliAllAi.\ oIOC'K FOOD;
a*l all grocers keep It.
W ANTED, I COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'' ei-<-clerics. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sntter
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
»' your o'd shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait: ladles' solelng, nailed 35c. ; men's
solelng. nailed 60c; machine-sewed 75c.; hand-
sewed 65c.: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
v.c have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one- fourth their value, from 25c. up to
$'.' 50. 562 Mission si., bet. First mid Second.
agents WANTED.
Exclusive territoryto agents for
Hi Seeds water-liter. 1625 Howard st.
AGENTS — "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-in-
chlef of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian, fighters: the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
Jr. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKEK & RAY CO., 723 Market St.
V 4* ANTED— LADY OR GENTLEMAN TO
" travel and appoint local agents: references;
$66 and expenses. Box 770, San Jose.
GENTS: BIG MONEY; LATEST PRoPOSI-
tIoo. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Slitter su
FURNITURE WANTED.
r\FFICE FURNITURK— WILL PAY HIGHEST
\J prices for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st.
rpO SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVERSTii:iN,969 Howard st. ;send postal
UCKINGHAM FUR.nITUKK CO. PAY*
highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. : send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FCRNC
tnre and merchandise see HCKD, 211 Larkln.
JC. MUTHER, 632 MARKET, PAY* HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
TNDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M
XJ. SIMMONS' auc. Co.. 1057 Markeu pays cash
ROOMS wanted.
ant^d^bTa^otn^^e^hTnTcTfur^
nlshed room, with or without board, in pri-
vate family; German or Jewish preferred: south
of Market r» .. beu Second and Fourth; state price
and particulars. Address E.. box 6. Call Office.
STORES WANTED.
PART OF STORE " WaI?T]ED~BY^I>RESS^
X maker. 13 i Second st. ' : .
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
r ELlvY~wl[^i<ariN~"ls^^
O '96 Rambler wheel. Address J. W., box 97.
Call. ". ...-••■
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
O elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CTUaLLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI-'
-iV anos; tec our list for this week; pianos on $3,
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $-J0 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free any win re In th« city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCEK CO.,
salesrooms 93S Market su, opp. Mason.
A -STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
-X Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
3, $4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
$25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to stelnway Baby, - Parlor and concert
Grands; why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments ? every
piano guaranteed ; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included; no charge for dray age: pianos
kept In order by beat concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLAY <fe CO., cor. Kearny and Suttt-r st».. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarter* on Market
st. are entirely 100 small; I have therefore moved
Into my own building, at 526 Hayes su, between
Octavla and Laguna, where I can now display
over four times the amount : of instruments than
formerly ; as I buy tor cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can 1 offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less . money
than any other music house In San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
LINE USED STEINWAY. HARDMAN,
X l . Chase Bros., etc.; astonUhinely low prices;
easy terms.- THE J. DX WING CO.. second floor
i-lood building, Fourth and Market sts. ■
LL MUSICAL GOODS SOL AT REDUCED
prices,* pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIS',769 Market st.
VINE - UPRIGHT. PIANO: LITTLE USED;
J splendid tone, bargain. 11.5 Seventh st.
d[j7X BARGAIN; isTKINWAY jeiANO, EX-
«J) I excellent order;eny terms. 221 Leaven worth
AGMFICENT STJSINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little -.sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
CLEARANCE SALE— HAINES, KNABK AND
) Bush : And Gen's '• pianos; clearing-out prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Pos: st.
C""1 OOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA-H.
rsCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
<S>\ XA BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
Xtjyj. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
WO. badger, SULK agent for hallet
.it Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac'to
C WHICKERING, KNABK. STKCK.VOBE. STBR.
■' ling pianos; ' see onr new piano lor $187: pianos
:or rent. BEXJ. CUBTAZ & SON, 16 O'FarreU. .
BYRON MA USSY. .. 308 POST ST.-SOHMEH,
XJ Newby «ft Evans. Brings and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD NEW
H. LLER. maker, repairer. 'J Latham place.
-^ -w^. L^ B PSDjESS ru CHANCES.
d»7flft restaurTnt~takingin $20 TO
tjp I \J\Jm $25 ; per day: rent $40 per month: the
best restaurant business ever offered in San Fran-
cisco for the money; reason selling, sickness. T.
LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye. . . •-•-■■ ■
\\r ANTED— GROCERY, GOOD LOCALITY
- TT for customers;, will .pay $700 to $1000; half
cash, security for balance or take partner. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hill aye.
•ffli7nn ONE OF THiS FINEST RE3TAU-
•Jp I \J\J . rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day ; established 26 years: has
always made money; - stand : full investigation;
reason for soiling, owner moving into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on investigation all that is claimed for it;
this is a rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall
avenue. - -
jirrn CANDY FACTORY AND ICECREAM
tf> I O\J parlor, elegant locality; established
long; rent cheap; If you see this place It will inter-
est you, as it is paving welL T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye. '.■ ■
<_orvfiA ELEGANT. WELL-ESTABLISHED
rJjS_iUUU. paying business; a rare chance for
1 or 2 energetic business men; Investigation will
show it to be the finest business ever offered for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Ball aye.
mn'n CIGAR-STORE: SEE IT IMMEDI-
riP^OU. ately; best bargain offered in San Fran-
cisco. T. LfBEi.SKI, 7 City Hall avenue. . .
<Sl~\ HAH PARTNER IN ELEGANT pay-
«jP J UUU. ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man: the fullest Investigation and trial |
if required: object for taking partner Is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<2»-/irv BUYS BAKERY WORTH $1000; IN
«Jpt-)UU town of 20,000 people; fine wagon route;
prominent corner; low rent: big sacrifice: owner
retiring. See MYERS <fc GRAHAM, 777 Market.
A,] ECHANICS, ATTENTION ! — $1000 WILL
ill buy a fira-.-clnss old-established machine-
shop fully equipped for business: tin and sheetlron
work: galvanizing, galvanized Iron, rollers for
gold concentrators, ship tanks and carburetters;
gas fitting, roofing, plumbing and general jobbing.
See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market St.
<£ 'J AA PAINTERS. ATTENTION !— 1 WEIN-
tJpOUU. wrl?ht whitewashing-machine and all
necessary equipment?, Including one horse, 2 sets
of harness, 1 cart and 1 truck, with the exclusive
right to operate in the City and County of San
Francisco. MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
«A A RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
<ID iVU, and bar; line stock of liquor ana uten-
sils; in the midst of the working class; fu'l inves-
tigation. See MYERS A GRAHAM. 777 Market.
BIG SALOON: BIG STOCK; BIG TRADE;
most prominent transfer point In the city; big
bargain MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
©17C CANDY-STORE AND ICECREAM
«JPX I <->• parlor; railroad station, Oakland; first-
class paying. WILKE «fc WOLF, 531 California.
ffijTT^nfi CORNER BARROOM; LARGE
tvs X O\J\J patronage: kept by owner for 20
years; rents 36. WIIKE & W0LF, 631 California.
<2»XAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
*iP*J\J\J. living-rooms: rent $30; doinir good
business: choice location. WILKE & WOLF, 631
California st.
OTEL TO LEASE for A term OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brink building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
l-.mporinn) building; newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVKRBERG, 320
Sansome St., room 39.
T/'OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X lisbed liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures'
In fine order: has a line day and night trade: situ-
ated In the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached: sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. pox 100. Call Office.
\\l ANTED— AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN AS
*» partner in a fresh, salt and smoked meats,
sausage and delicacies business: the best location
In san Francisco and very low rent; the partner
must take charge of books, cash and general out-
look: capital required $250: wil! guarantee $100
a month to each; investigation solicited. A. L,
box 63, Call Office.
rpo BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind, see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
Conn. GROCERY AND BaR: OLD EfctTAß-
t^ «JUU. llshed; cheap rent; great bargain if sold
this week. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
SALOON AMONG FACTORIES WHERE HUN-
dreds of men-are employed: pays well: great
sacrifice this week. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
Of I <">%. BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
»jp l^t). store; rent $12. SKIFF, 921 Market.
© T C. HOME BAKERY: CLKAKS $100 A
<]ptJ I *J. month: rent $17. SKIFF, 92I Market.
<2>] '(\ FRUIT AND VEGETABLK STORE-
<g)I O\J. rent $17; bargain. SKIFF, 921 Market.
AT GREAT SACRIFICE. ~~~
-£i. A large and complete stock of human hair
switches, front pieces, wigs, fancy goods and fix-
tures, formerly the property of MRS, HUBBARD.
Inquire at DAVIS. HABER & CO.'S, 211 Pine St.,
or at 1310 and 1312 Market st.
If OR SALE— BUTCHER SHOP, SLAUGHTER-
J. bouse, outbuildings, horses and wagons; lo-
cated at San Pablo, Contra Costa County: will be
sold at auction or private sale. For particulars ad-
dress ROBERT THOMPSON, Sag Pablo, Cal.
DARE BARGAIN: IMPROVEMENTS ON
XV chicken ranch: worth $1000: for $200; im-
mediately; long lease: 4 acres: 5-roomed house;
$12 5u month. Inquire rostofflce. Upper Fruit-
vale, Alameda Co., for LOUIS ISAAC'S place.
"ANTED— ACTIVE MEN AND WOMEN
for permanent and paying business; work
light and prorltabl«. Call at my office, T. KIND-
LESPIRE, room 1, first floor, 1152 Franklin su,
Oakland.
ICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP;
well established ; good location: full line oj
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanizer: opening
for a machinist. 1113 Market st.
ARGAIN: OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
cheap: good transient and lodging-house trade;
(rood cause for proprietor quitting business: rent
$20. 319 Third su; no agents.
ft "I C )(\(\ RESTAURANT; A PICK-UP; ES-
<fS>X^.\J\J. tablished 15 years; a good business;
reason for sale, retiring; investigation given;
make offer. Apply 29 Sixth st.
ARE CHANCE TO PURCHASE A FlRST-
class saloon at a moderate price, for proprietor
has to leave for Europe immediately. Apply at
230 Third st. ■ v
• ARGAIN: SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $16
' to $18 daily: rent $20: nep.r San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California st.
<S*UX AVERAGE WEEKLY NET JIm'OME
<!P t^<-' $250 invested: safe. conservative ; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. .
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. COWAN BUYS
•*1 stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
tells on commission. Room 15, 26 , Montgomery.
AKEKY, CANDY, NOTION-STORE: GOOD
location: bargain. Address A. 8., Call Branch
Office. 339 Hayes st.
JEW3PAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
' close to San Francisco. . For particulars apply
this office. '
pOOD CASH BUSINESS: APPLY AT ONCE, i
UT.K. ANDERSON,' 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
MALL BUSINESS FOR SALE AT INVOICE.
Address M. M. J., box 65, this office.
PARTNER WAVTrD-$l5O WILL MAKE
X you $3 per day; Investigate. 1625 - Howard st.
"I? OR FIRST-CLASS SALOON. APPLY
-T H. HAAR, 114 O'Farrell st.
SALOON AND 2 ROOMS TO LET. 829 i
Howard st., bet Fourth and Fifth. . j
EXPRESS WAGON, HORSE AND STAND
for sale: $60. Apply M. 8., 1422 Broadway.
fI>»JC XT— RKSI'AURANT AND FlX-
tj*.£«J tures. J. F. PLUMBE. 1402. Valencia st.
T IQUOR-STORE; GOOD BUSINESS; RARE
XJ chance: cheap. Apply Call Office.
STABLISHED COKNER GROCERY AND
bar; account of sickness. ' 25th and Castro. - -
DAI AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; 4 "LlV-
ing-rooms; for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st.
IGAK-STORE, STATIONERY AND LAUN~
/ dry office; living rooms. 29 Ninth st. I
TjilNE CIGAR-STAND FOR SALE; A RARE
X' chance for the right man. 311 Bush st. y
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THI»
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
HORSES. A <' J ]l
THREE GOOD HORSES FOR SALE* CHEAP
X 664 Howard st. : • r '
Till. EMPORIUM. SALKS YARDS, 220 VA~
"x lencia st., is the place to go it you want to buy
sell or exchange horses, bugeies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
42f» VALENCIA ST., 20 GOOD WORK AND
t^/U driving horses. JAMES FORRESTER,
salesman. a*****,
HKAD DRIVING AND WORK 'HORSES-
OU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
li El , B °^ HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own maKe, of ever-Tde-
ecrlption, tor less money than yon can buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister sL S F
1 P\fl SKTs NEW AND SECOND HANiJ hib."
X ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies su7rtv_
rockaways, cans; most bTsold. -f-8-tiiSto-^ ■■
1 AKGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES- HALTER
\J broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 CommercfaK
t\{\{\ SJ '- T NEW. AND bKCOVIMIAMi H»«
___4_______s__ffi?^^ffiK
2ipk« 1 t hßrneM: Grand Arcade Hot^
3~^AGONr^D^l_ii^G_s7~~
G^^v^R^o^ir^F^i^:
"G fiV™itn TDOWN PLATFORM SPRING
LERyiw'k'ge^y.. 0 a; Ch6ap - H^- V - SHIN
Tj^Oß SALK, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
irmfaiim^ °^. •? very d esc- iptjon : cash, notes or
installments^ t nrvill ?jf ? i p.. 46- -ts 3:h st- S. K.
£^^^^APHiiKs~~sui>lF£iKs^
EE DS- X 01 " pumpkin. seeds, but seed
gn^ra e ph?ng. h <lcVl!loperl and all requisites
£or_phdto;raph)ng. at Cal. Camera Co.. 124 Geary.
________ TYPEWRITERS. "~
C^'-JORAPH, $15: REMINGTON, S3S. SCOTT
\J _ BAN NAN, 833 Montgomery sU
LODGING-HOFSEB FOR SAI.E.
ot^lTla^g^^r^deTi^lb^^o^ca^ionT
owner retiring. Apply to DECKER, 1020
Market st. .
30-room house: $500 cash, bal. payments... sl6oo
22 rooms: corner house; new 450
14 rooms: boarding-house: 40 boarders 1250
90 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150 370
18-room house on Sixth 5t;..:.. .■ 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. - C DECKER A CO., 1020 Market
St., opposite Fifth.
Q/'-ROOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
00 kind of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 C-ROOM HOUSE: 1 FL<>OR ALL OFFICES;
ID only $460; must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market.
no NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500
16 rooms: clear'ng S5O 250
28 rooms: making money 475
180 rooms; clearing $500 7000
10 rooms; clearing $60. 300
UN DERWOOD & CO., 765 Market st.
CO- ROOM HOUSE: CLEARS $150: PRICE
DO $1000. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
yiNELY FURNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130
X 1 rooms; $300 to $10,000. PHELPS & CO., 917
Larkin st.
Q>A in LODGING-HOUSE OF 38 ROOMS|
r|p a»'V/. rent $50: one block from Market st.: a
bargain. Business Excnange, 873^ Market st.
A- ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; CHEAP FOR
j-i\J cash: best buy in tbe city. Call or address
room 2, 1063 Mission st.
TTOUBE OF 19 ROOMB FURNISHED OR UN-
XX furnished. 706 Van Ness aye.
-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; WELL FUR-
nished; must sell. Apply Call Office.
OOD PAYING LODGING-HOUSE OF U
rooms; clears $30. Address B , box 113, Call.
A WEEK'S • NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THfI
ii. WEEKLY CALL. la wrapper, for mailing.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
X . Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ..„ 918 50
Bedloungea " « 800
Steves 759
Carpets, per yard  65
Linoleum, per yard...,,  65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building la erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh, and Mission ats. J.
NOON AN. '
Af\(\ CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS. $14?
TtV/U stoves, $5: parlor sets, S2O: folding-beds,
$10; bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOB
lowest prices on household goods. new or
as new; or time, open evening*.
carpet CLEANING.
gk^a^Fwe^stern~<jarpbt
C.'eanlng Works. 11 Eighth st.
ONES <fc CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061. •
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING, 3c. ; RUG
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor worK send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama at. : tel. So. 411.
CAONKUN'SCARPKT KEATING WORKS. JJJ
I Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARFETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J Ong, 38 Bta. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
PARPET3 CLEANED AND RENOVATKO
\J like new. FERGUSON <t CO.. 23 Tenth: 14.
South 38. D. MACKINTOSH CO.. successors.
"1 X MITCHELL CAI'.PKT CLEAN ING CO.. i*ij
»l . 14th .-.r. :■ leaning 3c » v^rd, Tel. Mi union /i.
CLAIKVOYAKTS. ~~~
P^i^A^X^T^H^rYpTY^QU^E^rsTuß^STT
VT truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice: no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will cuide you right: no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed : office hours from 9to 9.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born v.-ith a douole veil and
second sight: ladles 50c gents $1; palmistry ami
clairvoyant sitting $1 50. 126 '1 uric st., nr. Jones
VI ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELI-3
-L'J past, present and future: success to ail; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
RS. ADA LEWIS, CLAIRVOYANT AND
writing medium, room 2, 1007 Market, st.,
hours 12 to 5.
RS. L. EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT; SlT-
tings dally; 25c upward. 221 Flllmore St., nr.
Halght.
T ADIES ARE INVITED TO CONSULT MRS.
XJ DR. WALKER, clairvoyant and palmist, 629
Post st.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, RKMOVED FROM 5
AJT Seventh to 11 Stockton ; ladles 25c: cents 50c
MME. HANSEN. PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th st., r. 5.
ENOWNED GYPSY CARD-READER AND
XV palmist arrived: gents $1. Parlor 2, 122 Post.
\1 ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEAI3
itl past, present, future: 26c up. 764 Howard st.
VI ME. RAVK.NA~REABS LIFE FLUENTLY:
Ji'l business advice: names given :S6« up. 5 Fourth.
ME. LKGETTE— PRESENT, PAST A.ND
future: 26c 31 1 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 23
yrs Kearny, now 929 Post: fee $1: letter $2.
MME. sybTlle shows PICTURE 1
I>l husband, wife; ladies 25c, 50c 914 O'Farrell.
LAIRVOYANT; LADIES AN D GENTS; FEE
\J 25c 41 Minna su. basement.
SPIRITUALISM^ ■ ™ ~
J^'vKlOT_B_K J QU__ l N'"AMOilO"wd__Nia l
MBS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 « UPWARD I FEE $1 & UPWARD'
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! '
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life Is yet worth living'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands" on this coast in the ten years pa.it. Is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and la now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: ths
separated are united; the sick made strong; tha
poor become rich: If yon think your husband, wlfa
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try to imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed'
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) euro
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment Dy mail is always most sui>
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 _ UPWARD! FEF. $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market at., opp. Seventh.
San Francisco.
p RAND SPIRITUAL MEETING BY THE
VT California State Association to-night at Golden
Gate Hall at 7:30 p. M. ; address by H. D. Barrett,
President N. S. a.; tests by Mrs. Colby, Mrs.
Winchester, Mrs. Ladd Finnican; contralto solo,
Mrs. Sherwood of Chicago: violin solo, E. a.
Whltelaw of Boston. Admission 10 cts.
RS. DR. MIRANDAS, J728 MARK-T ST.,
diagnoses disease, with full life readme,
from lock of hair; this week only for $1: her re,
vealed mrdlclnes work wonders with the sick and
afflicted. Write address plainly, Inclose lock of hair.
I FRIENDSHIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
X I MRS. C. J. MKYKR holds meetings Sun. Mon.
Thnrs. and Sat.; 7:30; dr. Tue.. Fri. 2 p. k.: sittgs,
TEST CIRCLE . TO-NIGHT; 10a MME.
X YO UXG, 605 McAllister; all skeptics Invited.
pIRCLE TO-NIGHT. MRS. MAYO &TEER"s
V Private readings dally. 1015 Market st., r. .9.
MRS. SHRINER-CIRCLE TO-NI-i HT. TESTS
I>l to all, 25c; sittings daily. 311 Van Ness aye.
•tic-night— Kate helmsman's gkand
X test meeting. 11l LarKin st.: admission free.
Mrs. Fulton materializing SEANCE,
to-night; 50c; sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
BISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET; SKAX-
— » ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 dally.
MRS. MYRTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED TO
■IX 1362 a Market Bt., parlor 8, second tioor.
M. FRANCIS, IN DEPENDENT SLaTE-
• writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 p. ic
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM;
sittings -51: circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak.
- • HYPNOTISM.
YPNOTIBJ* AND VITAX MAGNETISM
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, also how to hypno Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science interested in its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farrell st.
EDUCATIONAL.
literature. MISS FAGKN. 427 Sutler st.
literature. MISS FAGKN. 427 Sntter sU
MISS E. L. BREEN, MANDOLIN TEACHER:
i>X Italian method; terms low. 131 Post at.,
room 24; elevator. ■ . :
PAN ISH, FRENCH, ETC. ;Prof.i>E FILIPPK'3
Academy of Languages,32o Post al ;eatab*d 1871
YRES', THE LEADING CO LL X G 325
Montgomery st. ; individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc;
life scholarship *50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'3 SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st..; expenses less and.
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
A LMA K. HYER. PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
__ jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
"OOOKKPNU. WKITNCi, ARIVHM.TC, GKA
X> day nk'ht: noclasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mlssloa
ROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN"
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. PowlL
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH."
es plano,Blnglng,French:s3mo. h.14. 1002 Polk;
MR & MRS. KOUKtEB, TEACHERS MAN
dolln, guitar, banjo. 93 Market at., Mason
i^ELA&CO's LYCr.UM SCHOOL OK ACTiXc-T
I > Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stago. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. v. F. block, 7th and Blkt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING MET
O chanical engineering, surveying, archltectnn*.
*ssay: estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN. 723 Mk^
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 UarkifcHOUSKS TO LET.
S1 m c V ™?&Vi : -OwFsTiSTHriwfT
0 $18 1.06 Baker st.
708 L A £ RE h L ~ r^S : ' SEARTu-HANASi
1 UU B-room housf. $12; water. $1.
409 SSSfSfc? a gsrirr ~ RooMB AND
IjEa UTIFUL EASIX A KiTRT^SIDEN C IN A
JU stylish locauty. Western Addition, 421 Oak
st.; between 2 lilies of cars; all modern improve-
menta; containing 8 room* and bath; rent $40.
SV, INNY . - Mol i'"«- V COTTAGE. « ROOMS AND
*~-; path: large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
*25i { 1 9 Washington st.-7 ROOMS; BATH;
*.iJ\>O njat-claaa_tocatlon . $42 M with water.
"R A « V " ' N y HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS;" 219
1 ,- .'/ St - O!T Fourth: $12 50; water free. Ap-
ply U. H. UMB.SE N A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
1 DELAWARE COUKT, OFF SUTTEK, BET.
\> Powell ana Mason— 4 rooms, $14; central-
cheap.
1 1 LIBERTY, NEAR VALENCIA, MISSION
J -l warm belt; house 8 rooms and bah; large
yard; cheap. Inquire 706 Ivy aye.
<2')l\ 2814 LAGUNA ST.: HOUSE tt ROOMS.
Q^U. $14-1831 Union at.; hOusa 4 rooms'.
VICKLY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
-I-' Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 524 Santome st.
CHUB A P Elik«A>T KKSiDKNCK; SW. CoR."
\J California and Laguca sts. Go see it.
HOUSKS TO FOX VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S.- 10
Montgomery «it.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CROOMH; La"rgls YAKD;
\J stable in rear. 218 Colling wood st.
<51l 0 S.A cofTAOKTrTTOAvk ; stay st"
<px\J.*JV. off clay, between Powell and Mason.
pOTTAGK. 6 K< OMB, CHEAP TO SUITABLE
VJ party. Apply B.o^ Jostle «t.. off Ninth.
"1 ry,-) TURK - 4-KOOM COTTAGE: ALSO 3
XV— -J rooms: rear; stable and shed. • .
QTKHAMA sr.NNY COTTAGB « BOOMS:
*J newly fitted up; large yard; rent moderate.
pOTTAGE S SUNNY ROOMS; LARGE BASE-
V^" 11 yard Harrison st., Let. Twenty-second
and Twenty-third. -
. CUNN V COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH.
0 basement, stable. Aile«a aye., off 15th si nr.
Dolores. ■
9K94. MISSION-SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
—^*-^ rooms and bath; yard: flower garden: $18.
U EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
J V Geary. Sinter. Franklin and other streets; Ret
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK A CO., 602
Market s:. - v--
FURNISHED FLATS.
SUNNY FLAT, S^^OM^^BaThTTFußnT-
ture for sale; reut $15. 1911 a Hyde sU; no
dealers.
' FLATS TO LET.
A 25 per cBSTFitSSuTTIoisiTVIiBiCoT*
ful new flats: SE. cor. Fillmons and McAllis-
ter sts.: $37 50. $32 50: 7 rooms and bath eacn:
reduced from $i.\ $40: porcelain tubs, hardwood
finish, sunny rooms, etc ; a bargain. SHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBEE A CO.. 218, 220 Montgomery.
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT, OR
X cottage. Bee me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to leu T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©17 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT 5 LIGHT
V 1 I . rooms; bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom.nr.sth.
(£l9 FLAT OF 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS:
O-i-O. cellar: water free. 728V2 McAllister st.
Air ANTKD— 2OO GOOD TENANTS; RENTS
'" from $10 up lor fiats, cottages. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market st. -
IfLEGANT NEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT. 5
J rooms and bath. 2974 Twenty-third si., near
Harrison; $15. s
BA V- WIN DOW FLAT: 6 ROOMS: HAIH;
$16; hot and cod water. 12 Adalr at.
UNNY FLAT 5 ROOM-% BATH: REASON-
abIe. 8 Dearborn st.off Seventeenth, above Va-
lencia.
<2jl LJ SUNNY FLAT 4 KOOMS, BATH AND
<£) xC . yard. 10 shotweil st., near Fourteenth.
Vft *-s■■"» AND 2037 MISSION. BETWEEN SIX-
— UOi) teenth and Seventeenth: 4 and 5 rooms
and bath.
0A C THIRTEENTH ST.— X JOE FLATS; 6
010 rooms and bath. $17: 4 rooms and bath,
SI 5. • ...
1 OWKR FLAT: rooms, bath, CELLAR,
Xj yarJ. 3739 Seventeenth st.
i""LATS TO KENT Full VKKY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S, 10
jMOtiigoiuery st.
1 9>)Ql SACRAMKNTO— F .AT 5 ROOMS;
XO£Q,> gits; bath; rent, $16.
SEVEN 800.M.1 AND HATH. TWENTIETH,
near Mission, opposite poatofflce; rent. $18.
<2> 1 O NICE FLAT 4 ROOMS. 14 .VI US.^ ST.,
'it 1 ' >. bet Sixth and Seventh, near Howard.
L, l^r. oUiS.NX 4'LaT 5 X OMS AND BATH?
X 1006 Jackson sL, above Msson. .
L'LAT: 0 KOOMS. BATH: .NKWLY TINTED
-T and papered: rent $18. 925 Greenwich st. ..
OVtXV, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
5 worn! and bath; largo yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third St., 100 feet from Castro:
key 4075 tiil further notice.
A 1 ODEKN~FLAT: 4 ROOMS AND BATH. 1809
li Eddy sU, near ScotU .....
0. I,\. BET. WALLER AND HAIGHT,
opp. Valencia— Hent greatly reduced- the '
cheapest flats in the elf-- : sun all day; will be put
In first -class order; 6 and 7 rooms and bath ; $20
and $i! 5. 1
Ql O HYDE— THE MOST ELEGANT FLAT
UXk) in the city, centrally located: five minutes
from Kearny or Market; 8 rooms; bath; butler's
pantry, etc
X;E\V STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
X 6 and 6 rooms: $22 and $30. 14 Grove su
'->(\U LOMBARD, NKAK DUPONI — CHEAP-
*J\J\J est fiats in town; 5 rooms and bath; re-
duced to 818: nice order.
1 'ifiCi PUST— 3 AND 4 ROUM SUNNY FLATS: i
X lUU garden: bath: $13 and $16. j
,;•)(!* TURK— RKAK SUN.VY UPPEKFLAT;
xJ£.\r a' l light rooms; rent $12.
Q7 UPPKK FLAT: 4 ROOMS, YAKD AND
'. 1 . water: all separate. 1111 Elm aye,
MIDDLE FLAT; 419 THIRD ST.- 7
VJ rooms and bath; rent $30. Key at 417 Third.
1 OWEK BUNNY' FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
XJ near Mason St.; no car fare;' healthy; $12.
i> SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 8 ROOMS EACH;
0 $11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harrinin, opp. 18th.
pHOICE SUNNY FLATS; « AND 7 ROOMS;
VJ bath; Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
©91 (\f\ FINK UPPER COKNEK Fi^AT; «
qP"L<llv rooms and bath: porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. I".m- and Baker st«.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS,
Broadway. •>--...
*
A()Q BROADWAY - NICELY FURNISHED
ttV»O housekeeping rooms; also single.
bush Street. "
CO! BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED BUNNY
VAX front rooms for housekeeping, or board if
desired.
Castro Street. ' - —
A(\Z\ CASTRO (REAR) — 3 NICE SUNNY
rtVfU rooms; large yard; stable: $9.
Clara Street.
1 CLARA— UPPER FLAT OF 3 SUNNY
x *-><-? front rooms; $8 50: water free.
Eddy Street. ~ ~
qOl 1 EDDY — 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS-
OOXa bath; housekeeping; aunny. *
QIC EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OR FUR* I
yxu nished rooms: fine location; private fam- '<
Ily; gas range; reference.
Ql 7 EDDY - HOUSEKEEPING HOOJls'
OX I nicely furnished; splendid location; private
family.
Kightu Street.
VICELY FURNISHED RCOMS; LAY WIN-
Xi dow: kitchen and use of bath room. Apply
at 112 Eighth street, lower flat. *
Ellis Street. * ■ '
n (\O ELLIS— PARLOR FLOOR OF 8 UNFUR-
I \J\J nished rooms and laundry.
Fell Street. ~-~—
1 Ofl FELL-2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
I ZA) lor housekeeping. ......
i 1> tli Street.
Ql A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
ijIM room ana kitchen: bath; yard; private; sll.
<>rove street.
inni GROVE-2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
z iU_:» bay-window rooms, bath; cheap.
. . 'Harrison Streec. .
7 a(\ HARRISON-THREE NICELY FURN-
I tv/ i shed sunny rooms for housekeeping; hot
and cola water; stationary tubs.
tiowurd Street.
llyjf) HOWARD-'.' SUNNY BAY-WINDOW,
X-XjL furnished housekeeping rooms: rent $12.
Kearny >treec.
C OR LESS KOOMS. KEAKNY. NEAR SUT-
D ter; gas and water free. Api Iy 15 Grant aye.
Laguim Street. ,
Qfl A LAGUNA, COR. MCALLISTER- HOUSE-
«/UU keeping rooms. ■ "■■- '
LeavenTroriU street.
r-i LEAVENWOBTH— 2 UPPER ROOMS,
DID also basement; completely furnished tor
housekeeping. ' — .'
Lewis Street.'
1 C* LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST-3
1O sunny unfurnished rcomg; water free; $11.
Mmiiii >tree.. ~ ;
AQA MINNA— ROOM FURNISHED
iol for housekeeping; also ainsle room, cheap.
FLATS TO LET-Continued.
-•«•»». 4111 -w ruo.. :
79f» MISSION - SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
* s~\) rooms; also gin gle.v ■;
QA P. MISSION— a LAUGK, SUNN V .ROOMS,
o^.o furnlghed compete for housekeeping. -.
I f\^y\ MISSION — FRONT BAY-WINDOW
X\JUiJ suite complete; housekeeping, sls; also
one $8; one $6 :
OctaTl* Street.
I 40^ °CTAVIA, COR. GEARY - SUNNY
J tvi) hav-wliiflow and kitchen; gas and bath.
seventh Street.
m SEVENTH — LAKGR ROOMS FOB
X*J I housekeeping; $8 and $9.
icliuinn Street. • .
3IEHAMA— 4 SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
keeping; rent moderate. ,
44k TEHAMA— LARGE SUNNY FIiONT
y^y room and kitchen for housekeeping; well
furnished. . .
'A lra hiree:.
pOLTOX HOUSE, 2.0 THIRD — SINGLE j
V/suits, light hongekeeplng, $5 op: brick bid: yard j
a urn Mr«».. "
00 TURK-2 Ok 3 FURNISHED HOUSE.
<->*-> keeping rooms.
Vwu .\f»« Avenue.
K]O VAN NESS AYE.-LARGE SUNNY
iJXO furnished room and kitchen; other rooms.
IVushliijrton Street.
KfJO WASHINGTON - SONNY U N VU R -
*>"*-' nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
Welch Street.
mWKLSH. OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY
furnished rooms: housekeeping: cheap.
Miscellaneous.
001 GEARY, ROOM 87— ROOM AND HOUSE
renting agency; no fee tor registering.
pHEAPESTAND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
j \J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
' age tree .
ROOMS TO LET. .
jluuv Mieoi. >
A I EDDY. CORNER MASON— NICELY FUR-
"II nigbed, clean, sunny rooms; day, week or
month. Tel. Jessie 411. The Portsmouth.
JLtgitttl I Hue..
QHKRMA?? APAKIMKNT HOUKK. 2« STH I
0 (it., near Market: furmsh»<l end unfurnished.
(TinE RAMOSA, 130 KLLIS: MRS. KATE R.
J- b ART. manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated) newly furnished: elevator: hot <t cola wa'er.
09 1 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOK BKST j
Oi- 1 lodging we recommend the Kosedale House. .
c 1 if ELLIS— HANDSOME PARLORS; CLOS- 1
(UIJ ets: water; also 2 larte pleasant rooms.
1 oisom Street.
i COC FOLSOM-NEAT HCN.VY FURNISHED
OJLxJ room, light housekeeping. $1 76 per w ek.
v.eary st . eel.
I 9-1 7 GEARY-3 SUNNY BOOMS IN REAR;
j all cottage; key premises.
drove Street.
.\(\<T)t FURNISHED SUNNY BAY-
; ri.\j£.2 window room: bath: cheap. ' ■■■-'« ; -•/.-./.■
i A(\O GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED BAY-
I riUO window rooms; rent $6.
" .lone* Street.
9A7 .'ONES — THE VAN WINKtR: NEW
—VI nianwtement: elegant tunny sultp* ani
! stint*: newly turnlahed: bain, etc.: »10 to SHU.
! QA I JONES — ELEGANTLY FUKNIBHED '
j OUI sunny rooms:aotte or single; private family j
; jl' JONES— NICELY FURNISHED .-<UNNY
I lit) rooms: in suites or single; terms moderate.
..ctrnT >true>.
9Q KEARN Y-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS:
— O terms reasonable: quiet house.
OA KKARN Y— WKLL-FURNISjHEJ* FRONT
O\J sunny suite: single rooms; electric liehts.
A KLINGTON HOUhE. 127 KEARNY —
xV Pleasant Bunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
Jiikikp- suet)..
VOSEMIfK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
I eight. 35c to $1 : week. $1 60 to $6; familial.
Minna Street.
Caj MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
VJU I nisbed bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
->. j*»:on street. '
Q79 MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUITE;
014 physician's offices for years; also other rms.
• . . ■ . . . . >atoma Street. ' ''.'. :
n(Y\ NATOMA. COR. EIGHT OR S F UR-
• " -L nisbed or unfurnished rooms. "..•■-.-
-folk Street.
CO A POLK— 4 ROOMS AND BATH; $12.
Powell Street.
919-214 POWELL (WILLISFORD)— EN.
— • — tlrely renovatea throughout; newly fur-
nlshed rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
99K POWELL, « UK, GEARY— SUNNY ROOM
■Zi£.O newly fur.. $8: also large sunny cor, room.
South Park.
Cn SOUTH PARK — VERY DESIRABLE
"V newly furnished sunny rooms, bath, gas, etc. ;
respectable private family; moderate.
Stevenson Street.
JAQ STEVENSON, COB. FIFTH-FURNISH-
Ivu ed rooms to suit. ;■.::; ■■'■
Stockton Street.
■C^UROPEAN (THE). 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nished suites, $4 to $10 jingle rooms. $1 50 to
$3 week: 60c to $2 night: hot and cold running
water in every room; baths; e.evator; transient.
•VTEW PYRNBK HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
i-> Front suites: single rooms; honsekping -.cheap.
. toiler "»iree*.
QAQ SUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO $1 25 to $10 wk; night 2Co_to $1 60: transl.
m BUTTER -HANDSOME BOOMS AND
suites, newly furnished; rates reasonable.
7AO BUTTER, COX. TAYLOK-BLKGANTLY
1 \J*J newly furnished sunny rms. ; suito or single.
'laylor Street. • . .
IAQ TAYLOR— ROOMS; SINGLE
X\J and double; SI 50 a week up.
1 4.Q TAYLOR— ELKOANT FRONT ALCOVE
IM«' parlor; hot water; bath; reasonable.
Cif; TAYLOR— NEWLY FUKMSHEO BUN- I
OX\J ny single ana double rooms: private family.
f*-\ 9 TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
\)X/j also suite: rent reasonable.
lehttma Street.
4KK TEHAMA — NICELY FURNISHED
rxUO front rooms, $3 60.
■lurk Street.
"I A QA TURK, CORNER STEINER— NEATLY
X tcO'i furnished moms for gentlemen. fS.
. : BOARDING AND BOOMS.
A 9 JTedDY— FINET"bUNN^ yT^^WLY^FUIU
"x^rt mailed rooms; bouse first class In every re-
spect; table unsurpassed ; terms reasonable.
fif)C VAN NESS AYE— DESIRABLE SUNNY
V -" J *~ > rooms: first-clans table board ; ■ reasonable
OTitL HHH-lUXii, "il4 MSU-A FAMILY
hotel; references dveu auu required ; all mod-
r»i coriv>ni>-n<-»<. . ■ .-.---,
CHILDREN BOARDED.
\\T ANTED— I OR 2 BOYS TO TAKE CARE OF
" l'»niB; reasonable; good home; ■no other
children. CaHatllflyfr Langton at.
WIDOW WITH A QUIKI. COMFORTABLE
t '» home, would like a child to board. 829 Vi Sal-
WIDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
' ' (I to 6 years) to board. 809 Batter su
409* Si TWENTY-FIFTH ST. — PLEASANT
* tv * home for child: room for parents.
1/.°? °/ EXPERIENCE WISHES CHILD
ai to board: personal attention; mother's care:
healthy locatfon- large grounds. -2519 Col.ege
aye . Berkeley, t'al.
STORKS TO LET.
g^^"" T 'o^ET^TrautDsx^A>r^
STOKE OP TWO LIVING-ROOMS; FINE
t-> chance grocer. 452 Haight st.|
QTORK, WITH 8 ROOMS, NE. COR. GOLDEN"
aYe"? U « n T aVc " * Ua Webster sU; choice location for
.^v^^OFFICES TO i^ET. •': ~" ~~
1^
I'KhCKKLS BLMLDKNc*. 927 MARKKT-
p Kl«-sant snnnv offices, $12 SO op; electr.cHleht
* STOHAGE. :
S TOR AUK- I'liK.U'Ksi l;s' FhEIJITY- FlSit
proot building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
TTtUKNITUKK. PIANOS'; TklTnk".;^ ? adT
J vances. shipping. CHAA L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post.
A: B. SMITH FURNITURE CU.Ts'i KLLIS-"
. low rates: fire-proof building: Kaslera plan.'
-— — — 7^-— — TO LEASE. ~~~ "
"^OR~^K^^JH~XKAIrtE— S^-VARA^OT~~BeT
J? cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent 950 per
month. Address J. b., 427 Sausomt* su, S. F. ■
THE SAjN t Fit AS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER S, 1896
PERSONALS.
G~AV B WBON trNiTI>TYTcSTERDXY~S~PER^
VJ sonal; 3633 Twenty-second, a. ¥. ; write 1896.
GENT LEMXN DESIKES HOME AT HOUSK
VJ or educ ted lad >• who might b -come his busi-
ness partner; appoint Interview. A., box 8, Call.
ADVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK,atty-nt-!iiw. «50 Markets:.
ADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLOR*:
manicuring: halrdresslng. 865% Market, r. 12.
OKOSCOPES FREE 7. DAYS; 2 2-CENT
XX stamps. W. MONROE, astrologer, 777 Mkt.
LATEST STYLE IN HAIRDRESSING 25c,
at Up.to-Dato Parlors, 8.10 Market st, room
14. Lessons given: morning and evening classes. ,
I INCOLN. BROS., CA-H GROCERS. 226
XJ sixth st. (middle of the block)— Dates. 5c Ib:
corn starch, 6c lb; picnic hams, 6c lb; boneless
hams, 9c; best sugar-cured haras, 10c; salmon
trout, 5c each; butter. 30c roll: *c>:s. 12 Vic dozen:
flour, 75c sack; tea and coffee. 25c tt>. LINCOLN
BROS., 2 26 Sixth st
LAKA— YOU CAN GO TO MR. LEDKREK'S
VJ now without having to wait so lons to get your
hair dressed. He has enlarged bis parlors and put
In more people, bin his price is the same, 2 3c. ■ G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. •
LADY (KTKANi.KH) DESIRES GENTLK-
mnn partner; $25 capital. K. 2. 12- Post at.
LINE WATCH REPAIRING. JEWELRY
1 made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
low prices: fine work. J. N. HRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
IVOKOK AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Bureau; lega
everywhere. Address P. O. box 8482. S. F., Cal.
Hj>A- PANTS TO OKDEK; sample by MAIL.
C** WKRTHMAN Pants Co.. 22y, Geary street.
Mk>. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. ioiy a
Grant avo. . room 10.
HIS FINEST LINK OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Kate Tallor-
ing Company, 1117 Market su, bet. 7th and »th.
MORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone Into bust-
ness wiih II RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order : lit guaranteed :!ow prices
rpRCNKB 1) X LrVE~U~Kri 25 C BAY V CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutler; tel. Grant? 67.
P ARTINGTON *S~ SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening.
Classes: instructors, J. H. K. Partlnxton, Gertrude
Pwtlngton. R. L. I'artlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
AT TH li PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished tor $1; call or write. 1029 ] 2 Market su,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
LL FACIAL BLEMISHK3, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, f reck sore, etc., removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
l> AZOK-FIXINU OUR SPECIALTY; FINE
edgepntonraior.2sc Raror Exchg<>,t>3oMarlcet
VEL.VKT AND- CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome «t., upstairs.
UIUOUTDOOK HT«.KJ£UPTICON SHOW KVIC
Xi ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic al-
vertteements In living light; promoters of buii-
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LECIRfC LIGHTS IN KRY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Mark?:;
£00 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
ween; free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
IBLKAI. AUVAMJh.i OX JJIA-MONUa, JiiW-
J riry. etc: lowest rate*. U4H Market su
OLD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 'id. cor. Je«i«.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRBS'SKH UP; WRAPPERS 36c UP;
lawn $1 up. 60534 Natoma st. . above Sixth.
TYLISH SUITS. *3 UP: SKIRTS, 75c UP;
tit guwranteed. f)S9Vo Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
__■■__■_■ LOST.
V OST— SEPT. 6TIN~\HcTNIT"Y~oTnScTvVIA
XJ anil O'Farrell sts., white Spitz pup. Finder
will be liberally rewarded by returning to 8 Eddy.
SEPT. 6— BLACK AND WHITE COW; MILK>
ing. Return to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and
Vermont sis., and receive reward.
1 OST - SKPTEMBKB 6, AM ALL YELLOW
xj cur dog; black face: fox-terrier sine. Suitable
reward on return to 640 Fell st.
LOST— A DL'CKBOAT (RnUND) AND PAINT-
Xv ed green. Return to S. S. F., J. L. ERVIN ;
suitable reward. . -
Q» 1 WARD: GOLD DIAMOND LOCKET:
<£)X\J Initials U. L. B. . 1,805 Juason st.
LOST^-SEPT." 3 GOLD WATCH CHARM. A.
XJ O. F. No. 7556, Court Twin PeaA:s. Return to
1143 Murket St., bet Seventh and Eighth.
Q> X P.KWAKD— LOST, ABOUT 3 WEEKS
«U) O ago, a gold hand with chain, on which Is a
gold fish, nors?shcp. coral beads and white sea-
she'.l. Apply 1215 Clarsu. ■ .
BICYCLES.
V : E^Y^FTNK^9TBTcTcTirF^^
V N. HAWLKY, 318 Market St.
BICYCLES AND TANDEMS BELOW COST,
to close out stock. W. CRANE, 324 Post st.
OWLEH AND BEN HUH. $60:' BEN HUB
tandem. Tribune tandem, pood as now, $100:
an above ' 96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
I AKGAiN IN A STEARNS IANDt-M; ALSO
I > single wheels. 306 Post st.
ARK CYCLKRY— WHEELS TO i^T;
X best accommodations. Terminal Geary, Mo-
Allistpr and Powell st- • ar lines. ■
" FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
BAR~XND FIXTURESr^MTTsT^BE^SOLFrA
bargain. Address M. 8., box 20, Call Otlice.
/~1 KEAT HANdI PUPS FOR SALE; ALSO
VJ talking parrot. 1201 Valencia st.
Al4-KARAT GOLD. LATEST IMPROVED,
Howard watch ior $50 at UNCLE HARRIS ,
15 Grant ay*. - •
Cljlfi SINGER SEWING-MACHINE, HlGH-
tjpi \J. arm, almost new. 2437 Mission st., near
Twenty-first. ' -.
ECO.-.D-HAND TINNKKS' TOOLS FOR
sale cheap at. 1065 day st., Oakland.
oTTjrTKG RELIABLE INCUBATOR. BROOD-
±.\J\J er, yards,s3o. 2427 D wight way, Berkeley.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
Ing, etc , bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
pOFFEE .MILL, SCALES, LkTTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First at.,
near Mission. . .
PLENDJO REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
O $45: Others from $20 up. REVALK. 409 Cal.
|jOILKKS,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINEKY.
X) waterplpes. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 137 BeaK
CO LNT ti X .S. feUKLV INU. teUOWCA^K-1
'bttra bongn:<t gold. 1321 Mdrkt.bet 7th A Bta
ll baby carriages and chairs* at
cost; hood tops, $5 60 up; repairing; open
evenings. S. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. Ca. 44- Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
f pulley*, shafting, etc- W. L. SANFOKD.
415 Washington at. ■
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OK GASOLINK EN-
— glne; good as new; $91). Apply 216 Bay sU -
 UILDINGS BOUGHT; -LUMBER, BASHK4
1 ' doom, mantels, etc. for sale. 11C6 Mission.
ONK SMALL MEDIUM AND UKHK SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market v.
XI £ WIbLaN«K3 CHEAPER THAN BKCONO-
IX band. W. a A V Mfg Co.. li< California »v
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
MEDICAL.
ABLESSI3JO TO r LA DIES SUFFERINO
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes then, sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately: 'prices to suit the
times; home in conflnemenu DX. A MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 r. m. . ,
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few bourn; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay ; pri-
vate home In cunnn.meut: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DX. WYKI'H, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
NEW PROCKHS— NO MEDICINE. INHTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from . what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed;
if yon want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKK. 318 Kearny su ■
LADIES, CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH PEN N Y-
rorai Pills (Diamond Brand) tire best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mail:
at druggist's. ChichesierCnem. Co.. Philadelphia.
LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with Irregularities; no danger;
safe and sure; 52 60 ex press C. O. D.: ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BhOS.. Oakland, CaL
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES .WOMEN &PE-
, cialiy; unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: vist care:
low fees, pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
lIS. DR. WECJENK"r~TAKES LADIES be-
iore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy si. " ■
ure cur*; for ALL fkmalk diseases,
O from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, . by
MRS. PR. GWYER. 226 Turk st. " "^
RB. J. A. «RD,"MIDWJfFE-HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 655 Mis-
sion st. •-*•--.-■:
Ra M. E. BODGEBS, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard at.
TiR. DORA GRAY— ALL FEMALE COM-
U plaints restored; cure guaranteed. 827 Kddy.
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY F~K.MALK DISEASE
see MKS.DK..PUIi:TZ and becontenU 264 V^ 4th.
R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
. Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
"PRIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
i- DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda,' ;:
CITY liEAL ESTATE.
ELKQANT^ MODJEK :Tbj iSIDKNi K^ ~^ ■
JCi - • v NW. COR. FELL ST
: FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
©1 c ) (\C\t\ HANDfcOMK RESIDENCE OF
V> XJ. .UUU . 8 rooms and bath, bill lard- room,
wine-closet, etc.; . substantially; and weil built;
nearly new: house cost $8250 to build; terms,'
3*5011 cash, balance easy. Cull at office for permit
10 Inspect. i-AS'ION, ELDIUDGK « CO.,
.«:. ,-: 638 Market st. ;
\TEW MODERN HOME. . . . .- . ~
1\ ONLY $250 CASH.
BEST PART OF RICHMOND.
A' NEW 2-STOKY MODS RESIDENCE
A- of 6 rooms and bath; all modern convenience*;
for sale on easy terms, $260 cash; balance of pur-
chase price of $3250 In monthly payments, same
as rent. EaSTON, ELDHIDGE & CO.,
• , - . ' - 638 Market st.
HANDSOME FLATS. ~
ON A CORNER.
NEAR MISSION AND 16TH KTs.
Ql'-rA 2 ! . 1. 1 < ; AN T FLATS OF 6 ROOM!?
O" * O\J. and bath each: high, finished base-
ment: nearly new, porcelain baths: house wired
lor electric lights and modern In every detail.
EAbTON, KLDKIDGK A CO..
638 Market st.
ISSION RESIDENCE. . .> . . , . ~~
NKAK CASTRO AND 24TH STB.
MODERN AND NEARLY NEW.
<2M £.f\(\ 2-STORY HOUSE;. B ROOMS AND
tip jT«JUV/. bath; high basement: handsomely
decorated and in first-class condition; only four
years Old. EASTON, ELDiiIDUK A CO.,
■ 038 Market su
BIG VALUE. ! \ *- : "
NICE PAIR OF FLATS.
AT A BARGAIN.
GjO^Afk 2 FLATS OF 5 ROOMS EACH,
— «_)UU. near Sacramento and l.eavenworth
sis.; in good condition; cost over $4500; pays
$240 per annum: easy terms: 8500 cash.
EA-TOS. ILDKIDIiK A CO.,
• 638 Market st.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. ~
WELL IMPROVED PROPERTY.
NEAR 3D AND BRYANT STS.
Q^finn 2 HOUSES OF 6 TESKMUKTSi
tJpOV'UU. in cood condition: always rented;
pays $600 per year: a sure Investment: lot 40x80.
KABTOK, IiLDKIDUK & CO.,
' . 638 Market st.
/ HOICK LOTS. ~~~
VJ LOW PRICES.
■. THE TIME TO BUY.
©Q£flfi 1 . AND 318T AYES. ;
<pOUUU. 120x125; graded; will subdivide.
$3000. io2-?8. CI<AY A N D SPRUCE; 37:8 *
ffl^fiOO PAGE, NR. SHRADER; 25x137:6.
««99=n NW - COR. SANCHEZ; 100x126;
O~~Uv/. will subdivide.
ffl»-| 7^f) CLAY ' SU. SPRUCE; 25x127 -.B Vi-
C-IOKn 25TH> NR. BRYANT; 25x90.
C»Qr/\ NOE ST., NR. 23D; 25x100.
©Qnn SIX LOTS IN EXCELSIOR HOME-
tjSt7UU. stead: 150x100.
$650 VALLKY> NR - SAN CHEZ; 25x114.
' Q49X 20TII aye., NR. p-r. LOBOS: 26x
gb-t). 120.
©IKftKACII, J ST., NR. GOLDEN GATE
«!J)10U Park, two lots: 25x120. •
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
' ; 638 Market st.
/ 1 BEAT EXCITEMENT ~~
* * CAUSED BY LOW PRICES. ■ \ . \
64 WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
81250 UPWARD.
your OWN terms.
Last.Sunday we advertised for the first time 64
lots fronting on Cole, Stanyan, Shrader. Frederick
1 and Beuiah streets This Is by far tbe most im-
i portant subdivision of the year. Owing to the low
prices It has been of creat interest to many in-
tending purchasers.. We advise you to see these
lots at uiice. Yon cannot buy a lot in the city at
the price which will compare with these, either for
investment or as a residence site. Located near
the Park, and In a select neighborhood: near the
site or the Affiliated Colleges, convenient to elec-
tric and cable lines, good climate. The Park pan-
-1 handle Is being rapidly built up by first-class im-
provements. We will sell the lots on your own
terms, street work done. Lota all level and
I ready for building purposes. Go and see these lots
to-day. Our agent will distribute diagrams Sun-
days on the blocks.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
I 10 Montgomery st.
$4200.— 4 - vo — * VJO °-
TERMS $500 DOWN.
BALANCE $35 MONTHLY.
JUST COMPLETED.
ELABORATE 7-ROOM COTTAGE.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR BAKER ST.
TOBIN A M. N.\ 1,1,Y, 630 Market St.
Q«*>P»n WEAKLY NEW. FLATS ON* THE
• . <>_»JV. choicest part of Ashbury Heights,
Frederick St., near Asnbury; contain 6 and 6
rooms and Lave every modern improvement; well
planned: sun In every room; marine view; in-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
ml. to Inspect apply to TOBIN A McNALLY, 630
Market st.
pf.AK this: BEST business CORNER on
It the San Leandro road and main street to
Fitchbure station; site 100x100; cheap at *20
per front foot.
■RESIDENCE CORNER, 300 100, 2 BLOCKS
IV from the San Leandro rood; streets graded
and graveled; price $500.
BUSINESS CORNER AT FITCHBURQ BTA-
tlon; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRF. BLOCK. 200x600; WILL SIT&
divide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ' ALAMEDA
County, for sal* and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables 10 perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers for
the market.
ATHKK BARGAIN'S ON THE BEST STREETS
V " in the best situated locality lor a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
TIIaD. 8. FITCH. Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery gU. B. F.
fifcQFLAn FLATS; BUILT TWO YEAHS;
tTOiJUU. 2919 Pine st.; great bargain; lot 25
x 137:6; choice . locality. submit oiler GOLD-
MEYKR. 1105 Mission.
VOR SALE— BARGAIN: MODERN HOUSE |
X 1 and lot: 1320 Leavenworth St.. near Washing-
ton; 9 rooms and bath: reduced to $6500: bank I
mortgage of $5000 may. remain. MADISON A
BuKivK. ■
•BiPvOn CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RKNT,
(jJtJUU for a new house on ea<t »!de of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; larze lot 2 5x125;
all modern improvements. Apply on premises. ••
MAUNIFICKNT RESIDENCE,
-L near racetrack, on Flaxton aad'Urafton sts.; 11
rooms and hath, wooden mantels: all modern Im-
provements: lot 62:8x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
G. W. H. PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia it.
ÜBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
MONEY TO LOAN.
NY AMOUNT ON BONDS, DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments; Interest low: private entrance;
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLK
HARRIS. 15 Grant * v *^____
Oil fin nniT A ' r , lowest RATES; CITY
«S)±UU.VUU and Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEKifcca. 218-220 Montgy
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest, rates. BALDWIN- JKWKLKY"
bTORE. 948 Market St.: open evening*.
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTK.K-
pmt per month for each SI 000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2, Coll.
ONKY LOANKI> O.V JKWiiLKI' AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office.
1106Marketsu.nr. Mason: private »ntranc« 7 Tut*.
I \IKECT ON YOUR FUKNITUKK OK PIAN'U
XJ no removal; no delays: no commissions: low
internal Km. 68. I>onohn» bldg. 1170 Markets;.
% 1 0 000 ! ul 1? to loan on city
tip I \J. \J\JV improved real estate at 7 per cent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montcomerv st.
A* NY AMOUNT: IST, *v or au wutvu.Au.' a '
A estates, undivided interests, real tstatd la urn-
data. McCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
qijcn UP; NO* DELAY: IST AND 2d mort-
<&O\J gages: Int. in estates. MUKPHy.62B Mrki
\ DVANCESONDIAMONJJS.JK\ViiLKy j-;T(J
-"\ Columbia Loan A Collateral uHice. a <<rant tn
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY KKal ESTATE^
McKWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
ONKY LOAN ON PIANOS: LOW RAIEH.
11 Stockton st. Tel. No. Black 1201.
PAWNBKOKEKS.
BWIBK AND HAVE INTEREST; V MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and :-e*
curlty Office, r 7, Hood bldg. : entrance 809 Mku
T 126 • Kt.AKNI t>T.. KOOM 9— MONK Y*
loaurd,' watches, diamonds,' etc.; low rates*
private rooms: f levwtor: :-l<-.l for ml«» oheap. '
" FINANCIAL.; . :
Q 1 OC\ Vinn T<) ■"'^"^ i'l6w*as basks.
QllM>.' '\nt Apply rm -'-2. c.il.^afe I)ep.Bldgl
PKOPEKTY WANTED. "~~
PROPERTY: WA N TED^"iSW)~At;RK;S OR
X more of good agricultural lund in vicinity of
San Francisco at bedrock ) rice; statu full mrtie.
ulars. T. C. box 97, Call Ulllce. - ■ . ™ ; .-
PROFESSIONAL cards. ~~
FRANKSHA y;atto y- at^la w room
421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Em port u rn
JOHN E. KICHARDS La OFFICES. ROOMS
O' 26 and ' 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, Ban Francisco. Cal. ■ •. "T "
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHEK
attya at law, mi» &15.816. sth floor.Parrott bid*.
COUNTRY REAL . ESTATE.
I Q ACRES. AN IMPROVED PLACE IN SO-
-Lt.' noma County; orchard, .vegetable garden,
house, barn, chicken-houses, brooders, chickens,
ducks, horses and ail implements.
WE HAVE A BARGAIN FOR ANY ONE
*»• wishing a cood 10-acre fruit orchard In full
bearing, only 40 miles from San Francisco; house,
barn, windmill and chicken-house; cheap and- will
stand strict investigation. •
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
Room 29, second floor. Mills building.
TO . RENT — SATHER RANCH, CONTRA
•L Costa County, on : oan Pablo Creek, 8 miles
from Berkeley: 1150 acres of land, well watered
and wooded; about 350 acres good grain laud;
balance excellent pasture; suitable for milk or
stock ranch; has railroad facilities. R. E. ROW-
LAND, Orlnda Park.
A SHURST CO IOS Y. ~ 7 ~. : =..„■-.-
-.f- .At Ashurst you will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will be «elf-sustainine. at-
tractive and profitable, sr.d on terms better than
have ever before been offered. We have our own
homes in this colony and are determined to sur-
round ouiselves with neighbors who wish at once
to have schools and churches and reading-rooms
In our very midst. We . have every facility for a
grand development. We make it possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with us homes of comfort and abundance.'
Address Ashurst Colony, room 10, Mills building,
Han *• rancisco.' - - ■ - •-- ■ ...
ffljlT/ f7 V KEN-RANCH NEAR
«JP*JV/Clty; 3 acres: house 4 rooms, furnished;
Incubator anJ brooder; 5 chicken-houses; $10
month. 130 Second st.
pHICKEN RANCH FOR SALK; 14 ACRES;
\J low rent; 1000 laying hens. C. KNUDSEN,
Petaluma. ■ , .. ■
rriHS FINEST HOG RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the right
party can Recureabalf Interest, in a good paying
ranch property, as the present owner Is not able to
give it the attention it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several tiausaiid head of hot;* the year round.
Forpnrticuiars^BdresaX. V., box ii'J, Call Office.
Any Wanting A KAiNCh fok
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
prove.!, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance In 6 or 7 years apply 326 Montgomery st.
A LA MED A COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CUOIC-
- ■» est in the state; selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, 35 per acre adjoining lanas held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: H/ a hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect, 67 Chronicle building.
TITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOW.N; Is£
-t proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. U. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
TTALF SUCTION OF GOOD LAND IN" TULARE
XX County, for Improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
CallOlHcc. . .■-:■■■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. ~~
CAn TWO COTTAGES^ 4 "and" 5
<a>lOvcf. rooms, lot 62x125, on avenue In
Alameda, street work done, mortgage $1800, will
exchange equity lor small Improved ranch in Ala-
meda County. K. a., box 7, Call Office.
rPO b X 6 UAH —SO ACRES UNCULTI-
X vated land, value $600, 30 miles south of Port-
land , Or., for resiaurnnt or lodgiog-house in the
city. Address or call 17 Third m . room 22.
XCHANGE— LAtKJK LIST OF CITY AND
coantry property. DNDEKWOOD,76SMarkeU
rpO EXCHANGK, FOR COUNTRY PROPEK-
X iy— l2-room modern house: lot 64x235. E. D.
JUDD, 1424 Park st., Alameda. '
pROCKRY AND BAR TO TRADE FOR
VJ small improved ranch. G., box 6, Call Office.
StNitFUKOUR LlOi. Oil' UKUiiAKI>
for sale. WOOHTKR A WUHTUK, Nan Jose.
1 »Js</ 1 ACP.KS 11.MJJKK LAND. KKKN'COI:
J — I «»i>r: fl fr.r cat • .»-r-: n». IT.bx.l6.CaU
DENfTISTS.
pBOOME DENTAL ASsOUIATIOnT't^MAR^
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting. with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill, *1 up.
I \K. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.
XJ near Eleventh: no charge ior extracting whati
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per vet: extracting 50c: gas given. 1
R. GKOR(liif~W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
T^ULL SET OF TEKTH, $7; WARRANTED
X five years: extraction, SOc: fillings, 50a:
crowns. $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
T." I RBT-C LASS DENTISTRY; VIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 5375. W.C. HAKDINO.M.D., 500 butter
T K.L. T. > KANZ— EXTRACTION' PAINLKSH.
XJ crown work, Lridge work »nd teeth wlthon:
plates a specialty. 103 Ueary St., cor. Grant, ava.
ffl«7 A tiiet rUK TEETH: WARRANTED A 1
V 1 good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
>a 1 n less Extract &0c; crow
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13veari
experience. K. L. WALsH. P.D.&. b!5«4 Geary.
* LL WORK TO SUIT TjMES.WAKRANTED.
■A. DR. itEA, 1870 Market st., froct City Hail.
DR. L'UCKKT i. 1703 FO«T_ ST.. NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge wore.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
S~ KTOFTtSETH WITHOUT ji jri-AXJi. DX. li.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. ■ 1
I »K. J. j. LXXX, I2Ot>MAKKKT,COK. GOLDEN
XJ Uat» ny,..-_ Open evenings: Suntiav* till noon.
~~ "TRUSTEES' SALES^
rr RUSTF.fcS 1 SALE-^TN^A^IoIT^AMjE^VVrrH
X the terms and under the authority ol a cer-
tain deed of trust, duly executed by SAMUEL
HAIGn, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBKLL and THADDKUb B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the San Fran-
cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated
January 26th, 1893, and recorded In the office of the
County Recorder of the County of Merced, State of
California. in Liber 6. of Trust Deeds, at page 185,
and following: and In pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 27th day of August. 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FKANCISCO
savings UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 12,223), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums, due
under said note ana deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HKNRY C CAMPBKLL and
TIIADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real-
estate described therein to satisfy said Indebted-
ness:
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the ii9th day of September, A. D.
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the I
auction salesroom of Easton, Eldridge A Co., No.
638 Market street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, the piece or parcel of
land situate In the County of Merced, State Of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the southeast corner of section
thirty-six (36), In township nine (9) south, range
nine (t>) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian,
and running thence west alon* the south line of
said section thirty (30) feet to the Badger Flat
county road;, thence north along said road four
hundred and rifly-four one-thousandths of a chain
(.464 eh.) to the: north line of said road: thence
west along nnid north line nineteen chains fifty
links (19 60 eh.) to the easterly line of the and of
Hooper: thence north along said Hooper's east
line elgh;een chains twenty links (18.20 eh.):
tbenoe west along said Hooper's north line ten
(10) chains; thence south along Hooper's west
line two chains sixty-six links (2.66 eh.) to the
north line of the land of Manuel Moreno; thence
west along said Moreno's north line fifteen (IS)
chains to the northeasterly line of the Pfister
county road; thence northwesterly along said lino
of said mad to tbe midsection line running north
and south through said section thirty-six (30):
thence north along said mldsectlon line to the
north line of said section: thence east along said
north line to the northeast corner of said section:
anil thence south along the east line thereof to the
point of commencement: ■ - - •
I'em? a portion of tne east half (E. y s ) of said
section thirty-six (36), in township nine (9) south,
range nine (9) east, Mount Diablo base and me-
ridian, and containing two hundred and seventy-
two (27i:). acres of land more or less. •
Together with the appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash 111 gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; j balance on delivery of
deed; and if not so paid, unless lor want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
percent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense, i '
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, ,^
THADDEUS B. KE.NT. /Trustees.
mRUSTKES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
J. the terms and under th- authority of a certain
/deed of tro«. duly executed by JOHN H. McKAY
and RICHARD McCA NX, parties of the first part,
to HENKY C. CAMPBELL and T±iADDEU:S B.
KENT. Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVING* UNION, party
of the third part.dated May 17th, 1892, and recorded
In the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Fresno. State of California in liber 114 of deeds,
at pages 110 and lollowinir, and. In pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 4th day of June, 1896. by
the Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a oration, and the holder
of the note (No. 11,643), to secure payment of
which the aioresald deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made In Ihe pay-
ment of i the principal | sum and other sums, due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HENRY. C. CAMPBi- i.L and
THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein. to satisfy said indebted-
ness. ' '■■ ■• ' - ; •-■ - ■- ■- - ." . ..■ ■ --■ • ■ ■
We, HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice, that on
T sD\Y, the -16th day of September, A. D.
1896. at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the
auction salesroom of E AS TON, ELDRIDGE A-
CO., No. 638 Market street, in the City and county
of San - Francisco, State of California, we will aeil
at public auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in
gold coin of the United States, all that piece or
parcel of land situate In .the County of Fresno,
State of California, described as follows, to wl ■
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States: . . :
' In township sixteen (16) south, range twenty-one
(21) east, .Mount Diablo base and meridian. -,
Of seCiloii ihiny-t.vo (32),' the e:ist half of the
southeast 'quarter (B. VJ 01 the SK. Vi); contain-
ing eighty (80) acres of land,' more ur less. To-
gether with the appurtenances. . ..:'.. . -
Terms of sale— Cash In sold coin* of the United
States; 10 per cent payab.e to the undersigned on
the fail of the hammer;, balance on delivery of
deed: and If not ■ so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said 10
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
. HKNRY C. CAMPBKLL, 1 T '.„-
--• , THADDEUS B. KENT, .jTrostees.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
___OAKXAJfD^KEAL ESTATE.
MY SPECIALTY IS — — ~
. HOUSE-RENTING IN
„ , '•' OAKLAND.
- story modern 9-room house $25
1-story modern 6-room c0ttage..... .::....... 16
upper sunny modern 7-room flat .. .... 16
AND 3DO MORE.
\\ M. M. DsWOLF, House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway. Oakland. -
U ILL IT PA* ? YES!! bEE ALLE.VDALK
" Tract at once. Buy a «75 lot or upward for
home or paying investment: Frultva'e, adjoining
East Oakland, the unrden spot of Oakland; level
and choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ized; only a few left: fine school: 2 electric roads
near by : conveyance free: $f> cash and $5 moathlv.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market 3  S F.
H. 2 JONES, owner-1
OAKLAND ITRMTCRE FOR SALE.
T\n?nr~DTA^roirD^^ t pXTiujNTziMr^
'T SCHKLLHAAH. furniture-dealer. 1 lth.OaKld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
S^^9^J^?P^soTAnL^2T^O^rT^L^ : TNE~VV
±J^*J\J. cottage of 5 rooms; large lot, 60x
125, situated close to Buy-st. station.
$2750— Handsome | new cottage .of 6 rooms and
bath, now building: your terms are ours.
$25U0— Cottage, of 6 rooms and bath; pretty
garden: close to Cliestnat-sU station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home; easy
terms.
special bargains in lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up.
Office open Sundays and holidays. MARCUSE
A KEMMEL, Bay-st. station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda. . ...-.-.-..
San Francisco office. 628 Market st.
3 ACRES OF LAND IN ALAMEDA FOR
sale at a bargain; must be sold; land high and
dry: can be cut up Into lots: please call ana in-
apecu T. F. BAIRU, 1303 Park St., Alameda.
I/ 1 OR KENT-LARQK, NICELY FURNISHED
J. 6-room cottage. $30; large 9-room house, finely
furnished, Central aye., $56; large line unfurn-
isbed dwellings. K. D. JUDD. 1424 Park st.
HOUSES TO LET.
IP OR RENT "iN ALA^iIE^A^ATMtOOM~Co'T^
X tage; large yard, shed and chicken-yard; in
perfect repair and bandy to 'i stations: 3 minutes
either way. Inquire HOMER P. BAXC, Lick
House i .sundry, S. F. ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
<fiVI ?\(\ ASHBY AYE,, ' BERKELEY: LOT
(JpJIUU. 60x186; choice location: part cash.
J. SHIELDS, owner, 119 Cumberland St., or
O'Ni.IL & CO.. Ashby station, Berkeley.
Gt ILT-EDUE BERKELEY CORNER CHEAP;
T College way and Durant aye.: 50x133; aristo-
cratic surroundings; street work done. J. P. ROSS,
1605 Turk. . . '
OO1) HUAIt-S FOR KENT OK FOX SALK
on easy term*. O. G. MAY « CO.. real estaw,
building and loans. 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
Or>Ei'rt J. MASON. HK.\L hSTA'I'K AND
Insurance wg-ent. Berkeley gtntn. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY , HOUSES.
p^TT^O{Es"oF^rHRKE I TO^ eIg^Tt~ROOMSI-
-\J bath; alt latest improvements: 10 minutes'
walk to Berry man station. B. S., box 20, Call. ■
iToK RENT — »30, INCLUDING WATER;
V house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in front; large orchard, also some pasture
land; entire place comprises about 1U acres; street
macadamized; five minutes' walk to train making
ha.f-houriy trips to city. For further information
call or address A. J. SNYDER& CO., 4b7 Ninth
st., real estate brokers, Oakland. ■■
OK RENT, NEWLY FURNISH KD COT%
tage 5 rooms, bath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way, Enst Berkeley.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
A UVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECt-
xL ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
Jaw suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. U. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market
VTOAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 536 PARROTT
Xi building: consultations free; moderate fees.
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery St., room 18.
ADVICF FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 MarKet st.
\\T F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW, SBI PAKKOTT
» » . bldg. Practices in all courts -.charges moderate
W. KING, ATTOKNKY-AT-LAW CHKON-
. lelp pldg: advice five-: moderate: open evngs.
PHYSICIANS. ~~
rV cl a O'DOXNEL L, I SO^MAKICETrcORr
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty.
1 \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum. 1051 Market st.: bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
Uie worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
a WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJS
.ex WEEKLY CALL. In jvraoper. for manins. i
LEGAL NOTICES.
"vr otice'oT^aTe'o^rleal7^statr
1> In the Superior Court, In and for tbe City and
County of - San Francisco, State of California.
Dept. 9, Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LEWIS sOriKR, deceased.
Notice Is he:eby given, that, in pursuance of an
order of the Superior Court of tne City and
County of san Francisco, State of California,
made on the Bth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOHEK, deceased, the
undersigned administrator with tbe will annexed
of the estate of LEWIS SOHER, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
cash and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock m., at auction salesrooms
of G. H. Umbsen <fc Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street, in the city and County of !>an Francisco,
all the right, title. Interest and estate of tne
said -LEWIS SOHEK, at the time or his death,
and all the right, title and interest that the
said estate has, by operation of law or other-
wise, acquired other than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS BOHER, at the time of his
death. In and to all those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land situate and being in th- City and
County of San Francisco, Stale of California,
bounded and described as follows:
First— Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bush street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly from
the easterly line of Larkln street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Busu street
thirty feet, thence at right angles southerly one
hundred and thirty-seven feet and six inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line Of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment. Being part of :>O-vara lot No. 1367 a* laid
down on the oln\.ial Map of the City of san Fren-
cisco
Stcond— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of o'Farrell street distant, thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the easterly line of Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, thence at right angles southerly
along said westerly line of Carlos place ninety-
seven feet and six inches, thence at right angles
westerly fifty-eight feet, and hence at right
angles northerly ninety-seven feet ana six inches
to said southerly line of O'Farrell street and to the
point of commencement, being part of 50-vara lot
No. 954 on the official map of the City of San
Francisco. -r*
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the United States, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid 10 tbe undersigned on
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by
.said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser.
EMILE SOHKK, Administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of Lewis Sohkb, de-
ceased. .
Dated August 18, 1696. . ■..--?:
W. A. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator,
Mills building.
lsiUlltS--^AIiIIIA(J^--l)Mli{i
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
will not be Inserted. They m us- be handed in a:
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of person* authorize J
to have the same published. J
BORN.
LESS— In this city, Septemoer 7, 1896, to the wife
of Lee less, a son.
McDONOUGH— In this city, September 6, 1896,
to the wife of D. W. Mcbonough, a son.
RICHARDS— In this city. September 6, 1896.
-to the wife of Frank Richards, daughter.
BPIEKING— In this city, September 7, 1896, to
the wife of H. Splerlng. a son.
STEWART— In ths city. September 5, 1895, to
the wife of Thomas Stewart, a son.
MARRIED.
BROWN— AARON— In this city, September 6,
1898,' by the Rev. M. 8. Levy. Abe L. Brown of
Marysvilleand Fanny Aaron of San Francisco.
HA AS— SOLOMON— In this city, September 1,
1886. by the Rev. M. B. Levy, Gustave A. Haas
I and Sadie Solomon, both of san Francisco.
HAUSTEIN— WIRTH-ln this city. September
6, 1896, by the Rev. •■ F. W. Fischer, Henry G.
H&uuein and Kmma M. Wirtb.
LANE-STONE— In New York City, Aniru«t 13,
1896, Ralph Lane and Mm. Edith F. Stone,
formerly of San Cisco. .■
NKWJIAN- DRESNER— In this city, September
6, 1896, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Morris New-
man of Kings City, Monterey County, and Pau-
line Dresnerof San Francisco.
. >\-; DIED. T~
Andresen, Henry : Howard. John
Barber, Arthur S. Keete, John
Benson, Ellen M. King, James B.
Bowdich. Ellen T. Lelndeclcer, Emilia
Brandt, Ernest . Mci.lnn.s. Mary
Cedily, Catherine B. McGrane, Ella A. ..
Colllgan, Terrenee. V. Madden, Margaret
Connolly, John V. Miller. Captain F. G.
Corcoran. Ann . :•' Rock. James F.
Dewey. Ephralm H. Shields, Miss Elizabeth
Dougherty, sister Ellen Stewart (Infant)
. Ellis, Eliza Van 11. Welch, Thomas
Harper. Lavinia Weyburn. Arabine E.
Herman, Henry L. Wright, Pierce
Hestrea, JSmil . York, John «
ANDRESEN— In this city, September 7. 1895,'
Henry, beloved son of C. P. and Christine An-
dresen, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month
and 17 days.
BARBKR-In Alameda, September 7. 1898, Ar-
thur Sanderson. Barber, a native of England,
aged 79 years 3 months anJ 13 day a
Friends ana acquaintances are' respect-
fnliyHnvlted to attend tnc» funeral TO-MORKoW
. (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from his
late residence, ltJi Hl^-h street. Interment
private.. &*?■;
BENSON— In Oakland, September 6,1898, Ellen
Maria Benson, a native -of San -Pablo, Contra
Costa County, aged '£9 years 3 months and 17
days.
BOWDICH (nee McCarthy)— ln this city. Septem-
ber 6, 1896. Ellen T. Boivdich, beloved wife of
R. W. Bowdich. mother of Grace and Ethel Mc-
Carthy, daughter of the late John and Margaret
Barry, and sister of M. H.. J. J., W. E. and G.
F. Barry and Mrs. S. F. Hodzkins, a native of
West Maltland, Australia. [Australian papers
please copy.j
43~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 26 Glover street , thence to :?t. Bridget's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated forthe repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. • ■• • ■ - . • . . . •
BRANDT— In this city, September 1896. Ernest
Brandt, beloved husband of the late Theresa
Bran it, and father of Dora, Harry and Julius
Brandt, a native of Uermauy, aged 42 years.
JS9T Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the par-
lors of H. C Porter A Co., 122 Eddy street,
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CEDILY— In Poath San Francisco, September 6,
18915, Catherine Beatrice, infant daughter of
Barney Cedily, and granddaughter of Mrs. D.
Flynn. a native of South San Francisco, aged 4
months and 16 days.
COLLIGAN— In this city, September 7, 1896, Ter-
• rence Vincent, beloved son of Terrenee and
Jane Colllcan, and brother of Mary J.. Katie 1.,
Annie L., James A., William 8., Francis J. and
John I. oiligaii. a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years 2 months and 16 days.
aSTKrieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from th«
residence of his parents, 1333 Valiejo street,
thence to St. Bridget's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass - will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. St.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY'— In Baden, San Mateo County, Cal.,
September 6. 1896, John Vincent, beloved son of
Richard and Mary Connolly, and nephew of P.
and J. Ferriter. and Jeremiah and Mary Con-
nolly, a native of San Mateo County, aged 10
months and 21 days. • -
£3~£riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, Grand Hotel, Baden, San
Mateo County, Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORCORAN— In this city. September' 6, 1895.
Ann. beloved wife of. Michael Corcoran, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Charles Reilly,
Mrs. James Hutches and Mary Corcoran, and
. sister of John Mcciosky of ulerced, a native of
the city of Dublin, Ireland, axed 70 vearj .
jWFrlends and acquaintances are resn<*c*>
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKKOW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it., from her late
residence, 549 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
. Church, where a requiem hieh mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at- 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. I
DEWEY— In Mt. Olive. N. C, August X 4,1898,, 1898,
Ephralm Hastings Dewev, son of Russell E.
. Dewey, a native of Westfield, Mass., aged 57
years 2 months and 29 days. - - ■ .
DOUGHERTY— In this city, September 6. 1896,
Sister Ellen Dougherty, a native of Ireland, aged
31 years.
ELLIS— in Brooklyn Township. Alameda County.
September 6. 1893, Eliza Van Home Ellis,
widow of the late Samuel 0. Ellis, M.D., of New
York City, and mother of S. E. Heuston, a na-
tive of New York, aged 91 years and 6 months.
#9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.,
- at the Church of the Advent, corner Twelfth
avenue and East Sixteenth street, East Oakland.
Interment private.
HARPER— In this city, September 5, 1896. La-
vinia, beloved wife of Hora io H. Harper, and
daughter of Mrs. Mary Cast ell. a native of Ne<v
York City, aged 38 years and 9 months.
jO~Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
' 2 o'clock p.m., at th« Hamilton-square Baptist
Church, Post ■ street, between tillmore and
Sterner. Interment, private, Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
HERMAN— In this «Itv, September 7. 1898, at
the residence of hlsdanschter, Mrs. C. P. Baugn-
man, 9 Belvedere street, Henry L., beloved
husband of Catherine Herman, a native of Lands-
hut, Bavaria, Germany, aged 61 years and 1
day. .
Notice of funeral hereafter.
HESTRES— Tn this city, September 6. 1896. Emit
Hestres a native of France, aged 81 years.
HOWARD— In this city, September 6, 1896, John,
beloved husband or Mary Howard, an.l father of
John, Michael. Julia and Mary Howard and Mrs.
M. ConnelL a native of County Gal way. Ireland,
eged 74 years. Veteran of G. A. R.
• J*3~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
' (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. * from his late
residence. 81 Converse street, off Bryant, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment National
Cemetery.
KEEFE— In this city, September 7. 1896, John,
dearly beloved and youngeu son of Hannah and
the late David Kef fe. a native of San 1 rancisco,
aged 20 years 1 month and 7 days.
«3"Tbje funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
• residence, 3 Russell street, off Hyde, thence to
St. Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a.m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KING- In this city, September 7.1896. James B.
King, son of the lute Luke and Mary King, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 22 years.
jS-5-Noiice of funeral hereafter.
LEINDECKER— In South Han Francisco, Septem-
ber 6, 1836, Emelia Lelndecker, a native of Ger-
many, aged 41 years 6 months and 20 days.
MADDEN— In Oakland, September 7, 1898, Mar-
caret, beloved wife of the late Thoma* Madden,
ana mother of Mrs. T. McNamura, Mrs. P. W.
Keardon, Mrs. L. Kelly and John, Adelia and
Maggie Madden, a native of County Mayo, Ire-
land, aged 76 years and 3 months. < -
Xyi-'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fuilv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. jr., from her late
residence, 591 Twenty-third street, thence to St.
Frauds de Sales Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment St. Mary's cemetery, Oakland.
McGINNIS— In this city, September 8. 1896.
Mary, beloved wife of Edward McGlnnls, and
sister of Mrs. D. J. Harrington, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 54 years.
43TFrlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m , from her late
residence, Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her sonl, commencing at 9 o'clock a. *r.
interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGRANE— Ia this city. September 1898. Ella
A., beloved wife of John McGrane. and mother
of -Anita and Eugene McGrnne, a native of Cali-
fornia. a~el HI years 4 months and J 1 days.
fliTFriencH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from his late
residence, . 789 Stevenson street, near Ninth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, September 7. 1896. Cap-
- tain Frank C. Miller, beloved ' husband of Mary
J. Miller. , a native of Massachusetts, aged 58
years 6 months and 27 days.
j(ar Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m. sharp, under the
auspices of the Master Mariners' Association,
at their hall. Alcazar building. O'Farrell street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROCK— In this city, September 7, 1896, James F.
Rock, a native of County , Koscommon, Ireland,
aged 69 years 9 months and 15 days.
jff7"lntermeut private. Please omit flowers.
SHIELDS— In this city, September 6, 1898, Miss
Elizabeth Shields, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years. IBMR9|
jO-Fr'ends and acquiantances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from 2400 Mis-
sion street. Interment private, Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ■
STEWART— In this city, September 5. 1895, In-
fant son of Thomas and Isabelle Stewart, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
WELCH— in the City and County Hospital. Sep-
tember 6, 1896, Thomas Welch, aged 65 years.
WEYBURN— In this city.' September 6, 1896,
Arabine £ beloved wife of J. K. Weyburn, and
mother of Florence and Charles Weyburn, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 82 year* 3 months and 24
days.
Kg" Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Halsted A Co.. 946 Mission street.
WRIGHT— In Oakland, September 4, 1896. Pierce
Wright, a native of New York, aged 33 years.
YORK— In this city. September a 1896, John
York, a native of Germany, aged 73 years 4
months and 19 day?.
■ ■
' McAVOY & CALLACHER, T
FONKRAL DIRKCTORS & EMBALMKES,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
I Telephone 3080. '
■' . ' .. * 1*
- ■■ • - ■ ' ; ■ •*".-:
Jas. McMkxohey. Chas. McMknouky.
JAMES BIcMENOMEY & SON, • .
U>'I)KBTAKKKS AND EMBAL.HERS,
1007 Mission Street, Near Seventh. ;.
Telephone No. 3354. t > ■ ■:■
— — . — ______
JAS. ENGLISH. • T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER-i,
FUNERAL DIItECTORS,
39 Vail Ness aye., near Markei au, «3*u *'raaclso»
Telephone no. 156.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB.
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 997 Market
street, southeast corner of sixth. -■ ■ - - .
1516
AMERICAN PROTECTION AND BIMETALLISM.
M'KINLEY IN THE
NORTH COUNTRY
Senator J. M. Gleaves Gives
a Good Account of His
Section.
PROTECTION THE ISSUE.
The People Understanding That
It Is of More Importance
Than Finance.
OPPORTUNITY FOR ORATORY.
The Senator Says That McKinley Is
Continually Gaining and That the
Outlook Is Improving.
Hon. J. M. Gleaves, Senator from the
Second District of California, is at the
Grand Hotel.
"The political outlook in our section,"
said Senator G!eaves last evening, "is un
usually good, and it gets better every day.
While there is no part of California in
which politics are more badly mixed up,
the prospects for the Republicans to make
a good record is constantly improving.
There were more people crazy on the sil
ver issue earlier in tne campaign than
there are now. Protection is now con
sidered to be of much more importance,
with the incidental friendship of Major
McKintey to silver, and free-silver men
are finding that protection is really the
main issue.
"What we really need up in my district
now is a supply of good talkers. There is
a fine opportunity to educate the people.
Tne miners think deeply and bo do the
other wide-awake people up there, and
they want some enlightenment. Shasta
County is a great lumber county, the wool
interest is very large, and so is fruit. All
these industries need protection. Very
few Republicans have gone off after the
silver craze up that way. We have Demo
crats up there who have always voted the
Democratic ticket who say that they are
going to vove for McKinley this time,
once if no more.
"As a member and secretary of the
County Central Committee 1 travel about
a great deal and have a chance to ascer
tain what the peope are talking about
and how they feel. As a mining engineer
I come much in contact with miners,
visiting »ll over the county. I hear all
around the same story, which is that Mc-
Kinley is steadily gaining.
"The Populists are fighting among
themselves. There are middle-of-the-road
men, who are actuated solely by principle,
and these are opposed to all dickering or
fusion and are straight out all the time.
Then there are the fusion Populists, who
have the loaves and lishes in view, but
who have been pretty well knocsed out
by the Supreme Court decision on the
county government act. We will elect our
Superior Judge and Assemblyman. Bar
ham has as easy a walk-over as any Con
gressional candidate in this State. He
will canvass the district thoroughly and
will speak at Redding Saturday night.
The people like him and know him.
Neither of the other candidates is well
known.
"There are no local issues in the fight.
It will be a straight out fight of the Re
publicans against the field. I do not be
lieve that there will be many votes polled
up theie for the gold Democratic National
ticket. The people will vote for either
McKinley or Bryan, as no one but a
Prohibitionist seems to like to throw his
Presidential vote away. Siskiyou County
will give a good Republican majority of
from 600 to 700. Uncle Bob Dixon of the
Yrefca Journal and Swasey oi' Redding
are doing fine solid work for the party.
We have a McKinley club at Redding
with a members ip oi 150. Mr. Campbell,
of the firm of Campbell, Reddy & Metson,
addressed the club last Thursday night
and had a good meeting.
"Times are getting better in Shasta
and Siskiyou counties. Mining properties
are strong and there is a good demand.
The Iron Mountain mine owners are mak
ing a grand success of that property and
have the largest mine in California. We
are just about closing a deal for another
property which is about as lar^e as the
Iron Mountain mine. Electric power will
be used to run mills ail along the river,
and it comes in well because wood is grow
ing scarce.''
RAILROAD MEN ORGANIZE.
Employes of the Market-Street
System In Line for McKinley.
The United Railroad Employes Repub
lican Club met last night at Mission Parlor
Hall, Seventeenth and Valencia streets,
and effected a temporary organization
with John F. Clark, foreman of the track
department, Market-street Railroad Com
pany, temporary chairman, and W. C.
Cook temporary secretary. Permanent
organization was deferred for one week.
The meeting was addressed by M. Man
ning, who called it to order, and some of
the members gave an entertainment.
Nearly 600 street railway men were pres
ent and evinced considerable enthusiasm
In the movement for a Republican club
composed exclusively of themselves.
The roll will be open next Monday even
ing, and it is expected several hundred
employes of the company will then sign
the roll.
The Thirty-First Club.
The regular weekly meetine of the
Thirty-first Assembly District Republican
Club was held last evening at Phoenix
NEW TO-DAY. .
BABIES WITH SKINS ON FIRE
ize how these little ones naffer. To know Uat
a warm bath with Cdticdra Soap, and Hi'
application of Outicura (ointment). the great
skin cure, will in the majority of ca. ( " afford
instant relief, permit reetWsleepTand^iLt
to a speedy cure, and not to use tbvuj without a
moment's delay is to fail in our duty. -■
Boap. 25c. t Rcsolvbvt. Vie «nd «f. Pottks ru^'A
■ osr-"Hoir to Care Skin Tortured Bit»ei,"m«ned tttt.
Hall, corner Eighth and Fol«om streets.
A targe attendance and plenty of oraiory
were the features of the meeting. Thomas
F. Graliams was indorsed for Police Judge
and Ernest W. Wakcman for Superior
Judge.
THE BEAR CLUB.
An Enthusiastic Gathering and an
Elecion of Officers.
The Bear Club uad a very large attend
ance at its weekly meeting at B'nai B'nth
Hall on Eddy street last night, the occa
sion being the annual election of officers.
This club has but lately changed from a
district club, being one of the Western
Addition clubs, to that of purely a Na
tional club, its prime object being to look
alter the head of the ticKet. To that end
the club has moved its quarters down
town. It has now a membership of up
ward of three hundred voters, including a
drill corps of one hundred and thirty men.
The corps expects to make an imposing
appearance in public parades, as it is
handsomely uniformed and equipp d.
There were twenty-turee new members
elected last night and there are a large
number of applications yet to be acted
upon.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: President, Tuomas W. Collins;
first vice-president, I. P. Kincaid ; second
vice-president, Charles Man waring; third
vice-president, Henry C. Dibble; record
ing secretary. N. E. Mason ; financial sec
retary, H. H. C. Jaffa; treasurer, Oscar A.
Tolle; marshal, John E. Green ; executive
committee, William H. Sihouler. R. VV.
Roberts, George S. McComb, E. J. Casey
and W. W. Wade.
After the election the club repaired to
the armory of the drill corps and listened
to speeches by President CoJins, William
H. Schooler, George Rohe and E. J. Casey.
A NEW ORDER OF THINGS
Some Pertinent Predictons by
the Founder of Koreshan
Unity.
Dr. C. W. Teed Says the Time Is
Coming When Mortals Will
Be Immortal.
Dr. Cyrus W. Teed, the founder of
Koreshan Unity, is now in San Francisco.
Dr. Teed visited this City some six years
ago. His home is in Chicago, where he
has resided for the last ten years.
Koreshan colonies are now established
and in successful operation in Chicago and
in Florida, and between them Dr. Teed
spends most of his time.
Estero, the home of the Koreshan Unity,
on the gulf coast of Florida, is in open
possession of water communication with
DR. CYRUS W. TEED, the Koreshan, Whose Strange Doctrines
and Practices Have Been the Talk of the Continent.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
the entire world, and the facilities for the
development of industry and trade are
equal to any on the face of the earth. It
is the purpose of «.he Unity to construct a
great city and to relieve the masses. It
will be laid out to contain thirty-six
square miles, and its principal avenues
will be 400 feet broad, with parks of Iruit
and nut trees extending the entire length
of the streets. There will be free homes
for the multitude, but the principle of
celibacy will be strictly observed.
Dr. Teed lectured yesterday afternoon
to an appreciative audience upon "Tne
Coming Crisis." He said in brief:
We present a scientific basis for organic
unity. Old religions ami old governments are
passing away and are t eing succeeded by new.
The laws of retrogression and progression
move along together. Jesus Christ was the
product of involution, which operates har
moniously with evolution. We Koreshans are
not like the modern scientists, atheists or
ordinary Christians.
To-day this earth is inhabited by the identi
cal men and women who inhabited it in the
time of Christ, but they are not conscious oi
it. We are upon the y. rge of a new order of
things and a new kingdom is coming. The
S m of God came here to be planted in the
race, so that he might thus subsequently pro
duce the sons of God, greater than the angels.
We can benefit humanity by our works and
only by our w^rks.
If the products of labor were to be equally
distributed to-day there would bs; a sufficiency
for ail and a surplus besides. I say 10 you
again that the time is rapidly coming when
there will be no more conflicts* between labor
and capital, when mortals shah become im
mortal and when there shall be no more sin
and no more death.
The Koreshan Unity is composed of orders,
the highest of which is the Celibate and torn
munual. This is composed of various degree<
me second order is the supreme Marital Or
der. The first principle of th.s second order
regarding the marital law, is that no member'
of the ord<-r i-hall violate the true principle of
propacative law by prostituting the marital
act. Any other purpose «h«n that of propaga
tion is a prostitution of the net and a violation
of the true natuml marriage. Our system ot
marriage in this second order is monogamic
and according to the laws of the state and Nal
tion.
The third and most secular order of the
Unity belongs to the co-operative relation, and
includes the common marita state. All per
sons whose morals are not objectionable may
unite with this order on the basis that In
dustry shall constitute the riitht to au equi
table 6hare in the production of the industrial
unity of the organization. The object of this
order is to provide for all no wi,-h employ
ment, education and :he resources of insinstrv
in eq<!iiabie thare, the wealth <,f the individual
being proportionat to (he mass— indus ry and
economy being the assurance oi abundance.
New frames of old Putcn ana bog oaks and
mat gilts at Sanborn & Vail's, fine and caeap.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1896.
FROM A STATE
WHERE WOMEN VOTE
Wyoming's Governor Ex
pects a Big McKin
ley Victory.
HE GIVES HIS REASONS.
It Has No More Interest in Free
Silver Than Ohio or
Indiana.
FUSIOH WAS A FAIIUKE.
The Result in 1894 Was to Give Gov.
ernor Richards a Republican
Majority of 1000
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 7. J
Hon. W. A. Richards, the Republican
Governor of Wyoming, is in this city, ac
companied by his wife. They are visiting
the Governor's brother, A. C. Richards,
Assessor Dalton's chief deputy.
Governor Richards fully believes that
Wyoming will elect three Republican
electors. As she only has about
votes she is only entitled to three Presi
dential electors.
"Wyoming Is surrounded by silver
States — Colorado, Utah, Idaho and Mon
tana — and it seems to be assumed that she
will go as they go," said Governor Rich
ards to-day, "But the situation is differ
ent. In the first place Wyoming hardly
produces a single ounce of silver, and
therefore has no more direct interest in
the metal than Ohio or Indiana. It is a
wool-growing and coal-mining State, and
both wool and coal are in need of protec
tion. I know of only one wool-grower
who is not for McKinley, and he is a Dem
ocratic candidate for Congress. My im
mediate reason for believing t'.at the
Democrats cannot carry Wyoming is that
the Populists have refused to fuse with
them. The two parties fused in 1892 and
the Democrats succeeded in getting some
State offices, but the Weaver electoral
ticket was beaten, in 1894 they fused
again, and I was elected on the Republi
can ticket by 1000 votes more than the
fusion nominee.
"We believe we can carry tne State for
McKinJey, and we will leave no stone un
turned to do it. It is true we are only a
small State and have but three electoral
votes, but things might so happen that
those three votes might be necessary, and
we want to put them in the McKinley
column.
"Wyoming is not the only State in
which the supporters of Bryan may re
ceive a surprise. In Colorado, although it
will go for Bryan, there is going to be a
much larger vote for McKinley than the
Denver newspapers would like to aiimit,
and I think the Republicans may choose
the State officers. Of course Senator Tel
ler has been told by the silver men that he
will be returned to the Senate, but there
are others who have betn scheming for
many years to capture the senatorship,
and it is within the bounds of possibility
that Teller will find himself * deceived.
The upshot oi it all will be that Senator
Wolcott will emerge from the confusion
as master of the situation."
Governor Richards said be did not want
to be drawn into the woman suffrage
question, but his experience in a State
wbere women vote is interesting. Wy
oming has had woman suffrage for more
than a quarter of a century and the move
ment is not a fad any longer. The
woman's vote is not more than 20 per cent
of the whole, and a few refuse to vote, but
the majority vn:e with about the same
regularity as the men.
Mrs. Molloy, wiie of a division super
intendent upon the Union Pacific, is one
of the three Republican candidates tor
Presidential electors, but it is not the rule
for women to run for office in Wyoming.
In fact the women there have noi been
very demonstrative in politics — less so
than in Colorado, where they have en
joyed the privilege of the ballot lor so much
snorte lime. Party conventions some
times meet with only men as delegates,
ana when there are women they are few in
number. In Cheyenne there is a Woman's
Republican Club, of which Mrs. Richards
is now president, but it holds only parlor
meetings. Mrs. Richards was elected a
delegate to a recent National convention
of the Republican League of Clubs, but
she did not attend, and was not expected
to when elected.
"There are some women," said Gover
nor Richards, "who would make them
selves disagreeably prominent in politics.
but they are held in check by the others,
who say: 'These women do not represent
us, and we will not help to elect them.' It
is very noticeable that the women voters
of Wyoming want to know something
about the private or family life of a candi
date for office, and wiil not cast their bal
lots for one who is reported to treat his
wife and children in other than a com
mendable way. I think that would be
one of the most pronounced results of
woman suffrage everywhere."
SPANISH-AMERICANS.
Ex-Governor R. Pacheco and A. D.
Spltvalo Speak at Cali
fornia Hall.
The Spanish - American Republican
League, of which R. R. Duckworth is
chairman and A. de la Torre Jr. the secre
tary, held a large and enthusiastic meet
ing last evening at California Hall. Nearly
500 people were present, ladies being rep
resented in large numbers. A very good
musical and literary programme was ren
dered.
Hon. Romnaldo Pacheoo, ex-Governor
of California, spoke at length on the issues
of the campaign. Next followed Hon.
A. D. Splivalo, who rendered an eloquent
address.
The following persons took part in the
evening's entertainment: Selection, Pro
fessor Luciano Mojica and orchestra; song,
Misa Lulu Flemming; recitation, James
Feeiey; piccolo solo, M. M. Nava; song,
T. Kelly.
The Phcenbr Republican Club, the Con
tinental Lea: ue and the Afro-American
Club were well represented at the meet
ing. During the evening an autograph
letter was received by the chairman from
William McKinley, thanking the Spanish-
American Republican League for its good
work for the party and wishing th« organ
ization the greatest success.
In conclusion the meeting adjourned
with three cheers for McKinley and Ho
bart.
McKinley Rally.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 7.— Ex-Mayor
W. R. Davis, who has spoken at Liver
more each campaign for the past ten
years, is greatly pleased with the openingi ng
of the campaign in that place Saturday
night. "Inevt-rsaw the equal." said he
to-day, "the laboring man, the farmer, the
merchant and the ladies turned out en
masse and gave the speakers a royal wel
come. The hall was crowded to the
utmost, and many remained standing
until the last word was spoken. That
shows genuine interest in the campaign."
The Drill Corps
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 7.— The Ala
meda Republican Drill Corps has forty
one charter members at the present time,
some ot whom are Democrats who will
vote for McKinley and protection. The
ciub will have a meeting Saturday night.
It is expected that this organization will
attend rallies at Haywards, Sail Jose and
San Francisco during the campaign. It
will also assist in caring for the Republi
can County Convention, which meets here
on Monday, September 21.
ASTRAL PHOTOGRAPHY,
Dr. Jerome Anderson Gives a
Theosophic Explanation of
the Art.
Able and Lucid Presentation ot a Sub
ject Replete With Absorbing
in; Interest
"Theosophy has never doubted the fact
that an astral model may by thought
power be precipitated upon a semi-astral
surface, such as a sensitized film."
Thus did Dr. Jerome Anderson sum up
the theosophic view of mental photography
after reading the article, "The Picture of
a Thought," published in yesterday's
issue of The Call.
"Paracelsus says," went on the doctor,
"that the trained will is the beginning of
all magic This saying, for theosophists,
means a great deal, since it gives the key
to much that would otherwise be and re
main concealed from human knowledge.
The possessor of one of these 'trained
wills' we call an 'adept.' In modern
times Mme. Blavatsky was perhaps the
best-known representative of this privi
leged class among Western peoples.
"To delineate the theosophic mode of
dealing with the interesting subject of
Professor Jordan's paper, it will be neces
sary to recollect that matter has various
degrees. A stone or a chunk of meat is
physical, pure and simple; a film or a
nerve pulp is semi-astral, while a yet
higher type of matter imperceptible to
the ordinary human perceptions is that
known as the astral.
"This conception may perhaps be ren
dered a little clearer by an illustration.
If a pendulum be swung to and fro until
it reach a velocity of thirteen vibrations
to the second, the result will be a musical
note, low in pitch and weak in volume.
Increase the vibration and the note will
ascend in pitch and become louder. Wi en
a speed of several thousand vibrations per
second shall huve been reached, the pitch
will ascend beyond the reach of the sense
of hearing, and a seeming silence wiil
ensue.
"Increase the velocity of the vibrations
vastly more, and when a speed of several
trillions of vibrations per second shall
have been attained, light will appear,
first red and then the other colors of the
spectrum in their order as the velocity in
creases, until at last a colorless radiance
supervenes. Whatever other manifesta
tions may subsequently appear will be of
the astral order, and imperceptible to the
normal senses.
"That is, mutatis mutandis, the history
of matter. The lowest plane of astral
matter is that which lies just above the
sense of sight. Pure astral matter is so
much finer than the physical that it takes
form almost instantaneously at the bid
ding oi thought. These forms ot astral
matter are perfectly capable of being pho
tographed upon semi-astral substances,
Buch as the gelatine of a sensitized plate.
They are precipitated upon the plate by the
will of the operator in a manner exactly
simi ar to that in which Mme. Blavatsty
could by her superior will power, precipi
tate color upon ordinary physical matter,
for example, cardboard or paper.
"That Mme. Blavat-ky did produce
Eictures in this manner is undisputable.
ev^ial of these pictures are in existence
to-day and I hope one of these days to see
one. An adept can easily form a model
in astral matter by the power of thought,
and it would seem that the model almost
Instantly fills with physical atoms, which
flow into it as into a mold, thereby giv
ing it visible form. This is the art of
a>trai statuary, or, in plain English, the
whole secret of 'materialization' as prac
ticed by so-called spirit mediums.
"The whole subject is one of the most
absorbing interest, and I am glad to see
that it appears to awaken puoiic interest.
The truths of theosophy can all be worked
out by a thinking mind, and when once
learned furnish the clew to many mys
teries."
Spillane Away Ahead.
The contest for the most popular captain of
the police force has no lack of interest.
The votes counted yesterday afternoon at
6 o'clock shows Captain John Splllane of the
tobom-street station to be in the lead by a
handsome majority. The vote wa>: I. W.
Lees, 255; A. J. Dunlev ,417; John Spillane,
650: Henry 8. Robinson, 63; James GiUeu.
195; G. W. Wittmann,s44.
One million will read "Mechanlw* Fair
Jaily. "Advertise now. Myaell Rollins,22 Clay.*
BRYAN IN THE SOUTH,
Governor Oates Says He Will
Lose Kentucky and the
Two Virginias.
Fusion of the Republicans and Gold
Democrats on Congressmen — The
Populist Vote.
Governor William C. Oates of Alabama
is at the Lick. For the past two or three
days he has been visiting his wife and
children at the residence o f his brother,
ex-District Attorney J. W. Oates, at Santa
Rosa.
Governor Oates is a lar?e man and has
his right sleeve empty. He has a heavy
gray mustache and gray hair. He served
fourteen years In Congress, was elected
Governor two years ago, and refused to
take the nomination again. His succes
sor, General Joseph F. Johnston, was
elected in August and will take the office
in December.
The Governor says he thinks the electo
ral ticket in Alabama will be for Bryan,
though in that State, as in others of the
South, the gold Democrats and Repub'.i
cans are fusing on Congressmen and Mc-
Kinley. On this account things are con
siderably chopped up. They are nominat
ing Congressmen in every district.
"I think McKinley will get Kentucky
and the two Virginias," said he. "Ken
tucky certainly, because General Buck
ner, who has been nominated for Vice-
President by the gold Democrats, is a very
popular man. He wiil eet votes enough
to split the ticket and give the State to
McKinley. That, of course, is- just what
the gold Democrats want to accomplish.
"As for me I will vote for Bryan, though
there are some things in hid platform 1
don't like, and some things he has done
himself 1 don't like. I think Bryan will
carry the South with the exceptions I have
named. He will get Louisiana, the matter
of sugar protection not being strong
enough to prevent it. The Populists of
the South will generally vote for Bryan I
think.
"Ordinarily I would say that McKinley
would win, taking the Nation over, as it
now appears, providing that the same
conditions exist as in former years. There
ought to be no doubt against it. But if
this opposition against money is general
and in the nature of a revolution then
Bryan will go in. It is pretty hard to tell
the way things now looK."
LEON DENN BY ATTACHED.
John Bi-rgez Brings Suit on Notes
Signed by the Kx-Politiclan=
Sheriff Whelan took possession of three
pieces of property belonging to Leon
Dennery yesterday in a peculiar suit that
was filed In the Superior Court by tne at
torneys of John Bergez, the restaurant
man. The friends of the ex-politician will
probably be surprised to know that the
complaint calls him Leon Dennery or
B. Alexander and that the complaining
witness tells a queer story regarding the
suit, which is to recover $350 67 claimed to
be due on two promissory notes.
The properties attached by the real
estate deputy of the Sheriff's office are on
Clay street, near Pierce, Eleventh, near
Clement, and Washington, near Brod
erick.
KEW TO-PAT.
— — - ji
. -=-J p.
Tumblers Tumble
Store closed on Tuesday and Wednes-
day this •week. There until Satur-
day nieht our fine, thin $1.00 Water
Glares, tjrpttilv pnTrav^d. to at GO
cents l dozen., Claret
or Soda Tumblers to nutch, same
price. Not the lieht, flimsy stuff
that is sold so cheaply (?), but first
quality Tumblers made of pure lead
g ass.
A laree, oomrjlet" Dinner Set of 115
pieces Meakin's famous Royal Decor-
ated Semi-Porcelain, formerly $16.50.
now SI 2.00. That's a sample of tha
way we are reducing our overstock of
Dinner Sets.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrew's.
WANGENHbIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special Forfnisweeß.
BARTHOLO MAY BEER.
The Kaicserbocker Bartholombv's Best Brew,
from Rochester. N. Y. The choicest of East-
ern Beer; quarts ...$2 26 dozen
' Pints ;. $150 dozen
FRUIT SYRUPS.
Raspberry, Strawberry, Grenadine. Lemon,
Vanilla, sarsaparilla, etc.; bottle ......25c
Regular, 40c.
BUYO AND PEA BEANS.
New Crop just In Bayo or Pea 8ean5...... '■> -
20 pounds, 25c
FIGS. ~
White Adriatic Figs, the finest of home pro-
duction, equal to the Imported Smyrna...
Pound, 10c box of 10 lbs., 90c
- Regular, 15c a pound. ■ -
PURE LARD
Leaf Lard, guaranteed pure kettle rendered,
3-ib. can, 26c: 5-lb. can, 40c; 10-lb. can, 75c
SARDINES; ~
J. Hamell's (Les Superbea) Imported Sardines,
packed In pure Olive Oil
Largest size, 20c; $2 25 dozen
• s Regular, 93 dozen.
Full assortment of Cigars and Tobacco. Call on
as for tint-class goods at lowest possible rates.
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country. orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
, SAN FRANCISCO. '
COB. . lOtk ACT WASHnrOTOM STS. V OAKLAND
1731-1738 SI7IHTH STMET /BRANCHES i
*-■ . .
VF w TO-PAT- PRT GOOD*
ilNll FOR BUYERS
at :our GREAT
CLOSING-OUT SALE OF $300,000 WORTH OF
FHE DRY GOODS AND CLOAKS!
It will only require a glance at the following examples of the
STUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS with which our great Closing-Out
Sale begins the week to convince any one that THIS IS POSITIVELY
THE GREATEST MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY OF THE AGE
and as such merits the attention of all who can appreciate CHOICE
STYLES AND QUALITIES
AT HALF AND LESS THAN HALF REGULAR PRICES!
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES!
'« At 31.50.
500 LADIES' CLOTH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with silk, beautifully braided and em,
broidered, neck trimmed with ribbon and chiffon, colors black, navy, brown and
tan, regular price $5, reduced for this SDecial sale to $1 50 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
j9lj± 38 Cents.
500 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in black only, regular value $1, will bo closed
out at 36c a pair.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
-A-t & Cents XSetola..
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, with Brabant Lace edge
regular price $1 20 per dozen, reduced to 5c each. * '
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
.A-t 25 Cents.
72 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGE, reduced from 40c to 25c &
yard. :?,vi
/ ; . . -A.*- 35 Cents.
64 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVY STORM SERGE, reduced from 75c
to 35c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
-A.t 85 Coxxte» a, TE"«,x-d..
5000 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, large, handsome designs, regular price SI
will be placed on sale at 55c a yard. . .V, * '
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
\Ajt 3 Cents.
No. 7 ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors, will be
closed out at 5c a yard. " : .
-A-t TM Cents. .
No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors.
will be closed out at 7J^c a yard. *
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
u&.t SO Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of good quality percale, in all fancy shades latest
style goods, with bishop sleeves, worth $1 and $1 25. will be closed o*ut at 50c each.
J&Jt 73 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, "Stanley waist," all fancy shades,
regular price |1 25 and $1 50, will be closed out at 75c e"ach.
-A-t 331. 00.
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and striped
and figured percales, this season's goods, regular price $2 and $2 50, will be closed
out at $1 each. v
INFANTS' CAPS AND LADIES' SKIRTS.
-A.t 28 Cents.
CHILDREN'S CAPS, made of embroidered silk, full ruche, silk strings, %\\l be
closed out at 25c each.
-A.t SO Cents.
LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL SKIRTS, cambric yoke band, colors pink or blue,
will be offered at 50c each.
MEN'S AND BOYS' FURNISHINGS!
-A.t Tl4 Cents.
95 dozen LARGE-SIZE .LINEN CAMBRIC COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, warranted fast color, regular price $2 a dozen, will be closed
out at 7>£c each. • :
-A.* 1O Cents.
75 dozen 26-OZ. 84-NEEDLE SOCKS, full regulation length, very fine gauge, asserted
in Oxford mixed and light brown, finished with a s#-inch French ribbed top, reg-
ular price 15c, will be closed out at 10c a pair.
ufV-fc 28 Cents.
35 dozen BOYS' LATEST STYLE FAUNTLEROY BLOUBES, made of fine quality
fancy percale, with ruffled front, collar and cuffs, sizes 3 to 9, regular price 50c,
will be closed out at 25c each.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
.Ajt 1O Cents.
175 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, seamless, double
heels and toes, fast black, regular value $2 a dozen, will be closed out at 10c a pair.
-A-t 18 Cent«.
200 dozen LADIES' FINE BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, high-spliced heels, double
soles and toes, fast black, regular value 25c, reduced to 15c a pair.
At 28 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, heavy weight, unbleached feet
double heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, regular value $4 50 per dozen, reduced to
25c a pair.
-A.t 38 Cents.
125 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, high-spl'ced
heels, double soles and toes, regular price 50c, reduced to 35c a pair.
-£\.t. 28 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high neck lone
sleeves, regular price 40c, reduced to 25c each. ■?>:• ::,-?,,■-..
-A_* 75 Cents.
93 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL MIXED VESTS, high neck long and
short sleeves; drawers to match ; warranted non-shrinkable, regular price ll re-
duced to 75c each. ° * * '
-A.t SI.OO.
50 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED COTTON AND WOOL UNION SUITS high
neck, long sleeves, ankle ienjrth, non-shrinkable, regular price $1 50, reduced to $1.
CORSETS! CORSETS !
-A.t 61.00.
75 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist, high bust, two side
steels each side, made with patent loop eyelets, embroidered with colored silk
flossing, regular value $1 50, reduced to $1.
WASH GOODS WASH GOODS!
gtf The whole stock overhauled and prices cut almost in two.
AU £™n^?^ LED SEERSUCKERS, ODDMENTS, 31-INCH CHEVIOTS, £„
PERCALES, etc., that were 10c. On sale at..... ....... OC
HEAVY TENNIS FLANNEL, a fair assortment, some worth B^o. On sale at ~ n
• • • : DL
Broken Lines of FINE IMPORTED DIMITIES, ORGANDIES, etc., that were in«
20c and 2oc. On sale at J.UL 1
THE^GENUINE LONDON PIQUE DUCKS, in black and navy grounds. On -^Qq
STORE CLOSED ADMISSION DAY, WhUNtsDAY, SEPT. 0.-m.l
/ M/M^*^ MURPHY BUZLDHfGh /
(/(/ Market street, comer tim,/