VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 107.
SO WILL GO
THE NATION
Republican Landslides in
the Pine Tree State's
Election.
PLURALITIES GREATEST
ON RECORD.
Powers Chosen Governor by a
Vote Fifty Thousand Greater
Than Others Received.
ALL THE FOUR CONGRESSMEN
ARE RETURNED.
In Sewall's Own Ward the Demo
crats Are Snowed Under Too
Deep lor Recovery.
PORTLAND, Mb., Bept. 14.— Tne cam
paign which culminated to-day in the
greatest Republican victory ever recorded
in this State has been the most active
Known for years upon both sides. It has
been a speaking campaign almost entirely
and the entire State has been well
covered.
There were five candidates for the office
of Governor, who is the only State officer
chosen by the people, all others being
chosen by the Legislature. The name of
one of these, Willi^n Henry Clifford of
Portland, the nominee of the Sound
money Democrats, was not upou the
official ballot, and those voting for him
were obliged to write his name upon their
ballots. The other candidates were: Hon.
Llewellyn Powers of Houlton, Republi
can; Hon. Melviu P. FranK of Portland,
Democrat; Arami S. Ladd of Calais, Pro
hibitionist; and Luther C. Bateman of
Auburn, Populist.
Congressmen, county officers, State Sena
tors and representatives in the Legislature
were also elected. The average estimate
of the Republican plurality for Governor
was 25,000 to 28,000 as compared with
about 38,000 in 1894 and 12,500 in 1892, but
the vote to-day througnoat the State was
larger than anticipated and the plurality
of Powers, the Republican, is larger than
the most enthusiastic Republican dared
predict, the latest returns indicating that
it will reach nearly 50,000.
In nearly every county the county
officers are Republican by much larger
pluralities than ever before known, and
iv some counties no candidates were put
in the field by the Democrats. In all four
of the Congressional districts the incum
bents were re-elected.
In the First District Reed's plurality
will be over 10,000, as against 8815 two
years ago, while Congressmen Dingley,
Milliken and Boutelle will go back to the
next Congress with a much larger vote
than two years ago.
SEW ALL SNOWED UNDER.
Jn Bit Own Ward the Democratic Loss
Is Very Heavy.
LEWISTON, Me., Sept. 14— Complete
returns from Androscoggin County give
Powers 5611, Frank 2293, Bateman 284,
Ladd 142, Clifford 33. In 1894 the county
gave Cleaves 4348, Johnson 3745, Hussey
233, Bateman 298, Knowlton 42. Congress
man Dingley estimates his majority as
rising 10,000.
Two hundred towns in Maine give Pow
ers 47,699. Frank 18,875, Clifford 419. scat
tering 2544; Powers' plurality, 28,823.
Same towns in 1894 gave Cleaves 44,263,
Johnson 17,725. scattering 4485; Cleaves*
plurality. 22,538. Republican gain in plu
rality, 6285.
City of Portland— Powers 4006, Frank
2071, Clifford 112.
Biddeford— Powers, 1038 ; Frank, 779.
Brunswick— Powers, 627; Frank, 185.
Belfast— Powers, 720; Frank, 280.
Augusta— Powers, 1398; Frank, 455.
Two hundred and fifty towns give
Powers, 56,305; Frank, 22,205; Clifford,
472; scattering, 2986. Powers' plurality,
34,100.
The same towns in 1894 gave Cleaves
47,425;' Johnson, 20,348; scattering, 5232.
Cleaves' plurality. 27,077. Republican
gain in plurality, 7023.
BATH, Me., Sept. 14.— The vote of Bath
for Governor is as follows: Powers. 1214;
Frank. 432; Ladd, 45; Bateman, 11; Clif
ford, 23. Bath's plurality for Powers of
782 is a gain of 630 over the last State elec
tion. In Ward 7, Arthur Sewall's ward,
the Democratic loss was heavy.
♦
MOST SWEEPING VICTORY.
On* of the Great tit Triumphs Ever
'Achieved in Mo inc.
AUGUSTA, Mb., Sept. 14.— Hon. Joseph
H. Manley to-night sent the following
telegram:
Augusta, Me., Sept. 14.
Hon. M. A. Hanna, Chairman National Repub
lican Committee, Chicago: The Republicans nave
achieved this day the most sweeping and mag
nificent victory ever accorded to a party in the
history of Maine.
We have carried every county In the State;
elected every State Senator and at least 140
out of 151 * members of the House
of Representatives; secured every county
officer; given each men-, her of our
magnificent delegation to the House of Rep
resentatives the 'largest majority they
ever received; elected our candidate for
Governor by the largest . . majority ever
given a candidate for that high office; in
dorsed the St. Louis platform, «nd declared
for WcKinley and Hobart by 50,000 plurality.
» The Republican vote will exceed by j
I^Beveral thousand the largest . Republl-J
can vote heretofore given, and thel
vote given the Democratic candidate forl
Governor is the smallest Democratic vote everl
The San Francisco Call
cast, with one single exception, and that is the
vote of 1894, which was only 3000 less.
We have kept pace with Vermont and proven
to the country that the Democratic platform
adopted at Chicago will not prevail when met
by argument and reason.
We have been aided in this great contest by
many Democrats who placed country above
party, who believed that you could not
divide the people into two parties upon a
question of simple morals and common hon
esty. They share our victory with us.
What more could Maine have done for the
cause of good government, honest money and
protection ? • J. H. Manley.
GREAT JOY IN NEW YORK
the Victory in Maine Far Ahead of
nhat Was trprcted.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 14.— There
was great joy among the Republican lead
ers over the Maine election. Both Na
tional and State headquarters were held
open until a late hour.
When Mr. Manley telegraphed that the
Republican majority would reach 50,000,
there was great surprise and enthusiasm.
Many expected to witness a strong senti
ment in Maine as a reflex on the green
back feelin<* some years ago, but the re
sult of to-day, closely following that in
Vermont, is regarded as a cyclone on the
free-silver decline so far as the East is
concerned. The National Democracy,
through one of its leaders, Mr. Tracey of
Albany, expressed satisfaction at the re
sult.
COLLAPSE OF A CAPITALIST.
Squeezed by the Tight Money Market After
Twenty Years of Active Busi
ness Life.
DES MOINES, lowa, Sept. 14.— D. U.
Lyons, capitalist and broker, made an
assignment to C. S. Bradshaw to-day for
the benefit of his creditors. Mr. Lyons
has been prominent In financial circles,
and in the last twenty years has been the
medium for investment forabou : $6,000,00(1
of Eastern money in the West, largely in
Dcs Moines. His assets are $102,579, con
sisting of $57,000 in bills receivable, $19,400
in real estate and about $25,000 in stock-.
His direct liabilities are $77,179, of which
$49 500 is bills payable and the balance in
dor>ements. Inability to realize on co -
laterals that have been considered good,
owine to the close money market, is the
cause of tne failure.
Krai Estate Men Fail.
MINNEAPOLIS, Mis>\. Sept. 14.— A. F.
&L. E. Kelly, real estate and mortgagi
loan brokers, made an assignment to-day.
Their liabilities are estimated at from
$100,000 to $150,000. Assets unknown.
Castor Oil Works Burnrd.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 14.— Thre.
buildings of the Marsh Castor Oil Works
were destroyed by fir* at 1 o'clock th.
morning. The loss is $40,000, covered b\
insurance.
ROBBED BY A SYNDICATE
Systematic Audacity of the New
Orleans National Bank
Wreckers.
S?ven Persons Were in the Deal an.
They Lived Like Princes Until
the Collapse.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 14.— A Bun
special from New Orleans says:
There is only one more secret to come
out in the wrecking of the Union Nations.
Bank and the bank panic which ra^ed
here last we k, and it is announced that it
will be disclosed within the next twenty
four hours; that is, the names of the con-
federates — the men on the outside who
drew out and appropriated the $602,000 oi
the bank's money. The bookkeepers
cooked the accounts, so as to keep the
bank always in debt to tnese confederates.
The bank was robbed by a syndicate
composed of seven per-ons, two on the in
side of the bank and five on the outside.
The whole transaction was business-like
and systematical, including the division
of the funds. Colomb, one of the book
keepers, whose lack of nerve was shown
by his suicide the moment suspicion
pointed to him, was the organizer of the
project and its director. It is reported
that a confiscation has been made, that
three members of the syndicate have been
arrested and that the only reason names
are not now made public is to prevent any
escape, as some of them are out of town.
The money went mainly in riotous living,
the balance in speculation, with the hope
of recovering the amount stolen.
In the big cotton speculation last year,
when cotton went up so high, the syndi
cate was ahead of the game. The sudden
collapse of the market prevented it from
making good the bank's money and ren
dered a new raid necessary. The bank
has been plundered more heavily than
ever since.
The outside men are said to be hieh
livers. Not so the bookkeepers, who were
kept busy all day covering up their mis
deeds. They had no time for a spree.
Colomb spent most of his share on
his family. He lived luxuriously, had ten
sprvants and a housekeeper, a rather
large household for a clerk on a saiary
of $150 a month. He Dad determined on
suicide when^the defalcation came out, for
he carried poison on his person to be used
at a moment's notice. He had many
friends, and they all speak of him as gen
erous and brave, and say that to commit
suicide was the only thing a gentleman
could do under the circumstances.
Colomb was interviewed about the
bank's condition. He was calm and col
This Is How the Big Battle-Ship That Is to Be Constructed by the Union Iron Works Will Appear When Launched and Equipped.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
Tom Reed — "Just wait till next November. This is only a sample/
lected then and apparently in the best of
inruor, although it was only a few hours
oefore his death, and he had tien evi
dently determined on suicide. He did not
leli his family of his intention, and it was
not until several hours later that he took
the poison and was discovered in an in
sensible condition. Oace or twice in the
next thirty-six hours he opened his eyes
and looked around the room, but he
neither spoke nor seemed to know any one.
t'olOmb's death renders the work of in
vestigating the defalcation very difficult,
and United States Bank Examiner Escott
loubts whether it will ever be possible to
know all the details.
The receivers of the Bank of Commerce
and the American National Bank will take
possession of them to-morrow. The two
other closed banks, the Mutual National
md Union National, still remain in the
hands of the United States Examiners.
it is thought the panic is over and that
there will be no more trouble.
United States Banfc Examiner Escott
completed bis first trial balance of the
Union National Bank last nigh i and found
iue amount stolen to oe $602,687 07. This
is subject to an increase when an the
books are fully examined.
♦
ANARCHY AT CONSTANTINOPLE.
Turks Threaten to Blow Up the British
Embassy— Lives and Property of AH
Foreigners in Peril.
LONDON, Exo., Sept. 14.— The Standard
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Constantinople saying that threats are be
ing made to blow up the new public
ffices and the British embassy. The un
rest among the low-class Turks is increas
ing. It is now not a question of Turk
against Armenian, but of the lives and
property of all foreign citizens in the city.
The patrols have been doubled every
where, but if the Government should order
the soldiers to fire upon a mob, it is likely
tnat the order would be disobeyed and
that the troops would fraternize with the
rioters.
SACRAMENTO'S FATAL BLAZE
Jacob Bleintzman loiei Bit Life in a
Burning Building.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 14.— The
Capital Furnituie Factory burned this
morning. The loss was about $25,000, and
insurance $2,500. This afternoon the body
of Jacob Heintzman, an aged German,
employed as watchman, was found in the
ruins.
fire year Hollinfr.
HOLLISTER, Cal^ Sept 14.— The
dwelling of John O'Connell, east of Hol
lister, was destroyed by fire this morning.
Loss, $1800; insurance, $1000.
L.i Sails From Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 14.— Li Hung
Chang, who is leaving this continent to
day for China, shows remarkable vigor for
a man of his years. He arose early this
morning, having appointed 8 o'clock as
the hour to begin receiving deputations,
and until noon he was occupied in irivine
audiences to the Board oi Trade, the City
Council, the foreign Consuls resident in
Vancouver and the Lieutenant-Governor
of the province. He sailed on the Em
press ol China at 2:30 o'clock.
Skeletons Fauna Mear Wettport.
ASTORIA, Ob., Bept. 14.— Graders on
the line of the Astoria and Columbia
River Railroad, near Westport, unearthed
the skeletons of two white men to-day.
Muskets of ancient model were found be
side them. The only other article found
was a $20 gold piece, dated 1855. The
skeletons had evidently been buried many
years. Oldest residents of the locality
have no recollection of the burial or dis
appearance of the two men.
THE SCOTTS WIN
A BATTLE-SHIP
Union Iron Works to Build
One of Three New
Fighters.
TO ECLIPSE THE OREGON
Means a Rush of Work at the
Potrero tor the Next
Two Years.
GREAT HEWS FOB THE COAST.
Dimensions Giving an laea of the
Formidable Character of the
Ocean Warrior.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 14.— There
was remarkably close bidding on the de
partmental plans alone, and figures were
low, considering the financial agitation, at
the competition at the Navy Department
to-day for the throe new battle-ships, the
Newport News company, the Scotts of San
Francisco and the Cramps of Philadelphia
each winning a ship from among the five
bidders.
The welcome news was received from
Washington yester (ay that the Union Iron
Works had gained the contract for building
one of the three high-class modern battle
ships authorized by Congress at the last
session. In the telegraphic columns the
story of the bidding is told. The first in
telligence of the success was conveyed in a
private dispatch from Henry T. to Irving
M. Scott, of which the following is a copy:
Washington, D. C, Sept. 14, 1896.
To Union Iron Workt, San Francttco: Under
our 4 per cent bid have ship at $2,675,000.
New York to-night. Bully 1 H. T. Scott.
According to the plans the new battle
ship is to represent the highest style of
naval architecture and will be the superior
of the Oregon in weight and larger in
dimension. In a general way the new
ship will bear a close resemblance to the
Kearsarge and lowa, but will contain some
improvements suggested by the naval
architects.
Surely the three vessels will constitute
a remarkably fine addition to the splendid
fleet of ocean-fighters which the United
States has placed in commission during
the past ten years.
The limit of cost fixed for each of the
three ships was $3,700,000, including hull
and armor. Word comes from Washington
that the armor can be supplied by the de
partment for less than $1,000,000. The
Union Iron Works was allowed a margin
of 4 percent above the lowest Eastern
bids tp offset the difference in prices
between the Atlantic and Pacific Coast.
It is a very important consideration to
the Government that there should be
maintained on the Pacific Coast ai least
one great ship-building establishment
capable of constructing, equipping and
repairing vessels of the largest class. The
ability of the Union Iron Works to
promptly build ships unexcelled for speed
and workmanship and conforming in
every respect to the specifications of the
depjrtment has been amply demonstrated
in the construction of the Oregon, Olym
pia, Monterey, San Francisco and Charles
ton. That another great success will be
scored in the building of a second battle
ship of vast proportions there can be no
doubt.
An idea of the formidable character of
the new battle-ship may be gained by a
study of these dimensions:
Length on load water line, 368 feet; molded
beam, 72 .feet; mean draft In normal displace
ment, 23 feet 6 inches; normal displacement,
11.500 .ons; total disp'acement, 12,500 tons;
total coal capacity, 1200 tons; horsepower,
12,000; speed, 16 knots per hour; belt armor,
16^ iuches tbick, 7 feet 6 inches deep; trans
verse armor, 12 inches; barbette armor, 15
inches; turrets, 17 inches; top of turret-, s}^
inches; protective deck, flat, 2% inches; pro
tective deck, slopes, 5 inches.
The battery will consist of four thirteen
inch rifled guns, fourteen six-inch rapid
fire guns, six six-pounders, four one
pounders, four machine guns and one
field piece. The ship will carry 200
rounds of ammunition for the thirteen
inch rifles, 2600 rounds for the six-inch
rapid-fire guns, 10.000 rounds for the six
pounders and 2400 rounds for the one
pounders. The ship will also carry four
broadside torpedoes and display four
searchlights.
Yesterday afternoon Irving M. Scott
was the recipient of many congratulations
over the success achieved in winning
another ship. It is regarded in one sense
as a victory for California. The building
of the formidable vessel will give employ
ment to an army of mechanics for two
years and perpetuate the activity which
has so long reigned at the Union Iron
Works.
The time allotted for the construction
of the new battle-ships is three years, but
if the Government is reasonably prompt
in supplying material the Union Iron
Works will do the work required at that
plant within two years. The extensive fa
cilities at hand, andjthe experience gained
particularly in the construction of the
Oregon, give assurance of ability to com
plete the enterprise in due time.
Next Friday, at Washington, the Navy
Department will open bids for building
three torpedo catchers. It is required that
these boats shall each attain a speed of
t'irty knots per hour. The Union Iron
Works is prepared to enter this field of
competition, where the highest speed is
demanded. Bids for the speedy catchers
are ready to be handed in.
LAWLESSNESS AT LEADVILLE.
Non-Union Miners Are Beaten and Pris
oners Boldly Taken From the
Arresting Officers.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept. 14.— Another
miner, named E. C. Terry, who wanted to
work in the Emma mine was assaulted
and fearlully beaten by unknown assail
ants at a late hour last night. His story
was told to the Sheriff, and an effort was
made to capture the guilty men to-day.
Late this afternoon officers entered a
saloon and arrested a man named Maho
ney. Before they could get their prisoner
out of the saloon, a group of miners as
saulted the officers, rescued Mahoney and
permitted him to.escape. The officers ar
rested a number of these men and took
them to jail. Tnese repeated outrages are
adding to the suppressed feelin? of the
public and Leadville awaits with great
anxiety the outbreak.
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 14.— A rumor is
afloat here to-day that the Chaffee Light
Artillery, which go to-night to Canyon
City to participate in th<? celebration of
Fruit day, carry with them ammunition
and supplies for a campaign, and that
they are to be held at Canyon City, so as
to be nearer Leadville in case a riot shall
break out.
ITALIAN BARK WRECKED
The Captain and Mate Lose
Their Wits and Commit
Suicide.
Seven ef the Crew Saved by Clinging
to the Rigging and Five Are
Drowned.
HIGHLAND LIGHT, Mass., Sept. 14.—
The Italian bark Monte Tabor, loaded with
salt, went on Peaked Hill bar at mid
night and shortly after bezan to break up.
The crew became panic-stricken. Even
the officers lost their wits.
The captain, F. Dellacassa, evidently
considering himself responsible for the
loss of the vessel, shot himself in the head
with a revolver and fell dead to the deck,
whence his body was soon afterward
washed into the sea.
The mate, believing death to be inevit
able and afraid of drowning, drew his
razor across his throat, producing a
ghastly wound and falling dead into the
water beside the doomed bark.
The crew, twelve in number, clung to
the deckhouse, expecting every minute to
be the last. The vessel held together for
about an hour and then went to pieces.
The twelve men went over the side still
clinging to the deckhouse. Five of them,
however, were unable to maintain their
hold and were soon drowned. The sur
vivors reached the shore in an exhausted
condition and were taken to the Peaked
Hill life-saving station, where they were
cared for.
The body of the mate was washed
ashore at Race Point at 9 o'clock. An
hour and a half later two other bodies
were found on the shore. One of these
men had followed the example of tne mate
and had cut his throat before beine swept
into the sea.
Tne Monte Tabor sailed from Trapani
July 31 for Boston.
SLAVIN KNOCKS OUT KITRAIN.
A Slogging Match Which Tern.inatet in
thr First liounri.
BALTIMORE, Ma.l Sept. 14.—Ex-Cham
pion Jake Kilrain was knocked out by
Frank P. Slavin at the Eureka Club to
night. The Baltimore heavy-weight was
little better than a punching-bag for the
Australian, and it took him but two and a
quarter minutes to put the ex-champion
out.
Kilrain's weight was announced as 210
pounds, but he looked at least fifteen
pounds heavier. Slavm waighed 194.
The exhibition was more of tno give
and take order than scientific, and after
two and a quarter minutes of fighting the
Baltimore man went down. His head
struck t c floor a resounding whack. He
rolled over and attempted to regain his
feet, but his hands were still on the floor
when the referee counted him out.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DOINGS OF
DYNAMITERS
Anarchists, Nihilists and
Fenians Joined in the
Daring Plots.
CROWNED HEADS THEIR
INTENDED PREY.
Visit of the Czar and Czarina to
Victoria the Time Set for
the First Explosioa
SCHEMERS ARE TRACKED FROM
THE UNITED STATES.
Scotland Yard Detectives Discover
the Plans of Assassination in
Time to Prevent Them.
LONDON, Enc, Sent. 14.— A communi
cation of a semi-official character was
issued this afternoon, touching the arrest
of the alleged dynamite conspirators. The
communication says, amone other things,
that the Scotland Yard officials have been
fully aware for some time past that a gang
of desperadoes has been engaged in
America in preparing the details and
arranging the ramifications of anexien
sive and diabolical plot to perpetrate a
dynamite outrage in England and estab
lish a reign of terror.
Chief inspector Melville of the Metro*
politan police has had charge of the Scot
land Yard arrangements for frustrating
the designs of the conspirators, and erad«
ually and with great secrecy drew a net
work around the plotters. The fact was
known to the police that the conspirators
were in close communication with promi
nent Russian nihilists in the United
States, and through this information the
police were enabled to discover upon
almost undoubted evidence that the con
spiracy had recently developed a scheme
to perpetrate an outrage upon the Czar
upon the occasion of his visit to England.
The prime movers of tne plot were Fe
nians in America, and when they had car
ried their conspiracy as far as they could
in the United States Tynan and the other
principal agents were sent to Europe to
put the designs of the plotters into execu
tion. They left America as secretly as
possible, coming by different routes. Their
arrival was known, however, and their
every movement was dogged by the Scot*
land Yard detectives.
After treating of the arrests of the dyna
miters and the capture by the police of all
of their documents, etc., the communica
tion adds that Bell was designated to go to
Scotland Yard to direct a series of out
rages there, the necessary explosives to ba
sent to him from Belgium as they might
be required. When Bell was taken into
custody he had between £300 and £400 in
cash upon his person, together with Amer
ican letters of credit
The Central News says that the plot in
which it is charged Tynan, Bell and
Wallace were implicated, was hatched in
the United States, and that it was wide*
spread in its ramifications not only in
England but in various Continental
countries. The conspiracy was started
months ago and although those connected
with it thought they were working wito.
the utmost secrecy so far as the authori*
ties were concerned there were among the
plotters two or three agents of the British
Governmf nt, who kept the London police
advised of every move that was made or
proposed by the conspirators from the
very inception of the plot.
The police here knew even the names ot
the men who were selected by the Ameri
can Revolutionary Society to cause ex
plosions here and on the Continent. It
was well known that ever since the defeat
of the Irish home rule bill the physical
force party had been active in the spread
of its propaganda, and steps were at onca
taken to closely but secretly watcfc
those who it was anticipated would be
likely to enter into a conspiracy against
the Government. Thus the tact of the
conspiracy was learned, the British agents
in the United States completely deluding
the chief-plotters into the belief that they
were bitter enemies of the British Govern
ment and would go to any lengths to
secure the freedom of Ireland. It was
learned that the conspirators were ia
alliance with the Fenians, anarchists and
nihilists, and that they were all working
together. The nihilists, who do not ap
pear to have been specially interested ia
freeing Ireland from the British yoke,
subscriDed funds and dynamite for the
leaders, but only on the express condition
that "business" should be done on the
Continent.
The visit of the Czar and Czarina to the
Queen at Balmoral and their subsequent
journey to France were deemed by the
nihilists to be the most suitable occasion
on which to attempt the lives of their Im
perial Majesties. The donors to the funds
in America, however, insisted that a blow
shoal i first be struck at England. It can
be stated in this connection that Inspector
Melville recently went to Paris, where it is
supposed he conferred with the police as
to the best means of circumventing the
plans of the conspirators. At that time
the English papers were not aware of the
existence of the plan, and in their com
ments on the inspector's journey to Paris
they stated, while pointing out the exist*
ence in London of a large anarchist col
ony, that the Czar would, without doubt,
be tar safer in England without any police
protection than he would be in Paris with
ell the safeguards that might be adopted
by the police of that city. The result of
the knowledge obtained by the police does
not appear to bear out the claims made by
the newspapers.
It is stated that the conspirators before
they left the United States were taught
how to mix chemicals to form high explo
sives and to use clockwork to cause explo
sions. The teacher was a Russian profea*.2
Bor. Through him the nihilists and
Fenians were brought together and it was
due to his efforts that the alliance between
them was entered into. .
The police here in their investigations
early learned that the magazine of the
plotters was located at Berchiem. a suburb
of Antwerp, and when the plans for the j
arrest were complete the authorities of |
that city were notitied and an attempt j
was made to arrest the men in tho hou%« t
■where the exolos:ves were stored.
Tui.o, however, failed, but it is thought
certain thin Kearney »nd Hams, alias
"Wallace, who were arrested at Rotterdam,
are the Irishmen who lived in ttie house
at Bercheim. Kearney sent Bell to Glas
gow for the purpose of sounding the physi
cal Jorce party there as to their willingness j
to resort to the use of dynamite.
It has been learned that while Tynan |
was in Paris he consorted with notorious j
anarchists and nihilists. He always had
plenty of money, whicn he spent freely
among his associates. He was voted a
'good fellow," but there were those among
his companions who did not approve of
this air of braggadocio and threats of
vengeance against England.
It was thought that he did altogether
too much talking and he was several
times warned that his tongue would get
him in trouble with the police if he did
not put a curb upon it. It is not expected
that the man will be extradited until the
conclusion of the Czar's visit to Franca.
Great praise is awarded to Inspector
Melville for his wort in shadowing and
arresting the conspirators.
It is believed that his work has put a
quietus on a plot that, harl it been suc
cessful, would have been far retching in
its results and which would have made
matters worse foi Ireland, instead of bet
tering her condition. The leading mem
bers of the Nationalist party emphatically
deny any sympathy with the physical
force party, whose ideas they characterize
as chimerical and tending to undo what
ever progress Las been made in the Irish
cause.
SURPRISE IN NEW YORK.
Irish Leaders Do A'ot Credit the Stories
ef the Police.
LONDON, Esq., Sept. 14.— The Central
l>ews has interviewed T. B. Tynan, son of
Patrick Tynan, the alleged dynamiter,
now under arrest at Boulogne-aux-Mer.
Young Tynan, who is an actor, said he
left New "York on July 4. and had not seen
his father since then. He thought, how
ever, that he was still in America. He
knew nothing whatever of the charges
against his father, but believed he was in
nocent of any connection with a dynamite
conspiracy.
NEW YORK, k». V., Sept. 14.-The cable
dispatch published this morning that P.
J. Tynan, the so-called "No. 1" of the
Irish Invincible, whose conspiracy brought
about the Phoenix Park tragedy in
Dublin in 1832, had been arrested
at a hotel in the city of Boulogne,
France, and that three other alleged Irish |
dynamiters had baen arrested at Rotter
dam and Glasgow, caused the biggest kind
of surprise in Irish circles hereto-day. 1
There are few, however, who believe that
the arrests will prove of much conse
quence, as it is the general opinion that
dynamite crusades are things of the past.
The surprise is mainly at the arrest of
Tynan after being at liberty for fourteen
years.
One of the other men arrested, under
the name of Patrick Kearney, is believed
to be John F. Kearney, well known in New
York as a political agitator, and who at
every election starts a paper for political 1
effect. The others are. for the most part,
unknown.
Tynan is now about 63 years of age and !
l.is arrest is liable to bring about many
complications. Tynan has not been seen
in New York for the past seven week.*,
neither has Kearney. It was stated in
Irish circles that both had gone South and
West to stump for McKinley, and the j
statement was accepted as the truth.
. Why Tynan should go to France or to
England on any kind of a mission that re
quires secrecy none of his friends can im- |
agine. His picture had been published
hundreds of times and he has a counte- I
nance that once seen could never be for
gotten.
Kearney was not known to be connected
with any revolutionary movement in this
country.
, William Lyman, the president of the
Irish National Alliance, in an interview
to-day informed a reporter of the United
Associated Presses that the arrest of Ty
nan came to him like a thunder-clap.
"It seems not two weeks," he added,
"since I saw and talked with Tynan in
this city, but it may have been longer. I
cabled to a friend in Paris to see that
Tynan was properly represented and that
his extradition to England was prevented,
if possible. Ido not believe that Tynan
went to Europe on any business connected
with the cause.
- "I believe that he went to Europe to
settle up the estate of a brother who died
recently in South America, and the large
sum of money found on him may have
been a portion of his heritage. The man
Bell, who was arrested in Glasgow, I do
not know, and the suggestion that he was
Tynan's secretary is ridiculous.
"I know J. F. Kearney of New York
well. But I had no idea that he was in
Rotterdam, as I talked with him in this
city but a few days ago. He may have
pone to Europe since, but I do not think
he went on business connected with the
cause. I do not know the man named
Haines, arrested with Kearney. If they
really have Tynan and Kearney in cus
tody nothing will be spared to secure their
release. ,
The members of Tynan's family, with
the exception of one son, who is now In
London, are Jiving on One Hundred and
Fifty-sixth street. His daughter was seen
at their home this morning. She said that
her father, so far as she knew, was in
Rochester.
; Her mother, she said, bad received a let
ter from him posted in Rochester a week
ago. Miss Tynan could not say what she
believed her father was doing in Rochester.
' "We are not at all worried," she said,
"because we do not think father can pos
sibly be the man under arrest in France.
We feel sure that he was in Rochester a
week ago."
- Mrs. Tynan could not be seen. Miss
Tynan said that her mother was not in.
The last that Tynan's neighbors saw of
him was three weeks ago. He bad always
worn a beard, but at that time he had
shaved it off and then disappeared on the
following day.
: Close friends of Tynan and Kearney de
clare to-day that they Knew nothing of a
new dynamite plot. Excuses for the
presence of the men abroad were freely
offered.
EXCITEMENT IN PARIS.
Arrangement* far the Reception of the
Cmar Materially Changed.
PARIS, France, Sept. 14.— There was
considerable excitement on the boulevards
and at the clubs this evening in conse
quence of the arrest of the alleged dyna
miters at Rotterdam, Glasgow and Bou
logne-sur-Mer. The matter was discussed
from all points of view.
The consensus of opinion was that, &[•
thongh the conspirators were fortunately
arrested, the time of exposing their plans
was inopportune, as it might result in a
change being made in the arrangements
for the reception of the Czar.
It was planned that his Majesty should
be driven through many of the principal
streets of the city in order to give the pon
ulace a good view of him. It is now
thought in view of the conspiracy that has
Deen unearthed that the route will be
much shortened. This will cause great
disappointment to the Parisians.
The police have been keeping a close
watch on all known anarchists and nihil
ists, and it is generally believed that
many of them will be arrested as a meas
ure of precaution prior to the Czar's
visit.
M. Henri Rochefort, the well-known
[ editor of L'lutransi^eant, says he does
| not believe that the French Government
i will grant the extradition of Tynan.
OXALIC ACID FOR SALTS.
A Careless Druggist Kills a Prominent
German at Brooklyn.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept 14.— Jacob
Mebolt, recording secretary of the Schwae
bischen Saengerbund of Brooklyn and
president of the Cannaster Sick Benefit
Society, died yesterday morning of oxalic
acid poisoning- He took f» dose of the
acid, believing it to be Carlsbad salts, and
was dead in about an hour. Coroner Na
son has caused the arrest of Charles F.
Timmerman, a druggist, at whose store the
poison was obtained.
Mcboldt was 43 years old and active in
German affairs. Before he left his home
on Saturday evening to attend a meeting
of the Sick Benefit Society he sent bis
twelve-year-old daughter Annie to Tim
i merman's for five cents' worth of salts.
j Timmerman gave the girl a small pack
i age, whicii she took home. Meboldt about
j 10 o'clock yesterday morning took a dose
jof the supposed salts. In a few minutes
he complained of cramps, got up, stag
gered around and sank to the floor. When
a physician arrived he was unconscious
and died forty minutes later.
The pol!ce were notified and a detective
went to the drugstore. Timmerman told
him that Meboldt's daughter had plainly
asked for oxalic acid, saying that her
mother wanted to polish metal. The sale
had been duly recorded in the druggist's
poison book.
On being questioned young Annie Me
boldt declared that she askea for Carlsbad
salts. She was asked to pronounce the
I words oxalic acid. She was usable to do
so and said she never heard those words
beiore. She repeated her statement to Cor
oner Nason, who then issued a warrant
against the druggist.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Baltimore
Cleveland......
Cincinnati
Chicago.
Boston
l'iltstmrc
New Yoric
Philadelphia
Brooklyn
Washington
St. Louis.
.Louisville •
CLCBS.
Won. Lost. *&
i 85 35 .708
75 45 .625
73 48 .603
.70 5b .660
67 55 .648
63 67 .5'J6
60 ti-j .491
69 62 .487
66 US .454
52 (59 .429
37 87 .298
53 88 .272
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 14. — Louisville
rould not hit Breitenstein to-day, nnd put up
>ueh a ragged game that St. Louis had no
trouble in winning. Kill was knocked out of
he box early in the action. The game was
■ailed at the end of the eighth inning on ac
count of darkness. Attendance 1000. Score:
Louisvilles— l, 5, 5; St. Louis— lo, ll, 2. Bat
teries — Hill and Miller; Breitenstein and Sic-
Farland. Umpire — Lally.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 14.— Tebeau's men
tightened their grip on second place by shut- 1
ting out Anson's team to-day in a superbly j
played game. Young had not pitched for a
week and hud terrific speed. Brilliant plays
by Childs, McKean and McCormiclc were the
features. Score: Cleveland*— 2, 7, 1; Chicagos
— O, 6. 1. Batteries — Youne and Zimmer;
Friend and Donohue. Umpire — Ernshe.
PITTSBURG, PA., Sept. 14.— Pittsburg broke
its bad streak to-day by winning from Cincin
uati. It was a good fast game, in which Pitts
burg seemed to have ail the luck. Attendance,
1500. Score: Pittstmrgs— 3, 8, 4; Cincinnatis—
2, 8. 2. Batteries— Hawley and iierritt; Ehret
and dray. Umpire — Sheridan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 14.— Mercer used
his slow ball with effect and scored a shutout
with little difficulty. Attendance, 1500. I
Score : Washingtons— 7, l2, 4 ; Brooklys— O, 3,
0. Batteries — Jtfercer and Farrell; Payne and
Burrili. Umpire— Hurst.
No game between . Boston and Baltimore,
New York and Philadelphia.
SAX JOSE TARGET TOURNAMENT.
Two Hundred Men Expected to Face the
Iraps.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 14— Preparations
for the State tournament of the California
Inanimate Target Association, which will
be held in this 'city on October 3 and 4,
are well under way. Much interest is be- j
ing manifested in the shoot by marksmen |
all over the State and tne indications are ■
that it will be the largest bine rock tour
nament ever held in the world. It is ex
pected that over 200 men will face the j
traps and between 40,000 and 50,000 blue
rocks will be broken.
The Garden City Cyclers' Gun Club has
$400 cash and $500 wortn of merchandise
already subscribed as prizes, and the Call*
fornia Inanimate Target Association will
add $800 cash.
Shooting grounds have been prepared on
the Polhemus Tract. Five sets of electric
pull traps will be provided. The trappers,
judges and referees will all be competent
men, and nothing wilt be lacking in the
arrangements to make the shoot a success.
Tha entries will be made on the nieht of
October 2 at the Hotel Vendoms, which is
to be the headquarters of th*> association
during the tournament. On the evening
of October 4 a banquet will be tendered
the visitors at the Vendome, at which the
prizes will be distributed.
A Town in the Hands of a Hob,
SPRINGFIELD, Ky., Sept. 14.— A mob
is still in possession of the town. The
trouble has been caused by the fact that
the people of this county voted last fall
to m&ke all the turnpikes free. The au
thorities cannot take final action until
some steps be taken toward the purchase
of the turnpikes, and as a consequence
toll is still collected. This is the cause of
the trouble. The people have torn down
the toll gates.
-♦-
Father and Pour Sons Drowned.
HALIFAX, N. S., Sept. 14. — Henry
Warford and his four sons, of Green Bay,
Newfoundland, were drowned in the
Straits of Belle Isle, whiie on their way
home in a small schooner from a rishinc
cruise. Henry Turner and his son were
with them. The former was bruised so
badly that he will die and the boy's leg
was broken.
Large lirv-Ooods House Assigns.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. Sept. 14.— Coffin,
Altemus & Co., leading dry-goods end
commission merchants of this city, made
an assignment to-day to John Lowber
Wel'h. The statement of assets and lia
bilities is not obtainable at present.
Coffin, Altemus & Co. are rated at $1,000,
-000 by commercial agencies and their
credit placed at "A."
«
Phrenologist Convention Iteclared Off.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 14.— The National
Convention of Phrenologists, which was
to have been held in this city during the
present month, has been declared off.
Sectional differences and an abundance of
hobbies are assigned as the reasons for
the failure of the skull philosophers to
get together.
The King of Pill's is Beecham's— Bkjechak's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
BUTLER NOTIFIES
THOMAS WATSON
At Last the Letter Is Sent
to the Nominee of the
Populists.
TALK OF THE BETRAYAL
Of the Interests of the People
by the Republicans and
Democrats.
SOFT SOAP FOR THE GEORGIAN.
Peasant Woids cf the Chairman of
the Notification Committee to
the Candidate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 14.—Sena
tor Marion C. Butler, chairman of the
Populist National Committee, to-day
mailed the following letter of notification
to Hon. Thomas E. Watson, the uominee
for Vice- President:
Washington, D. C, Sept. 14, 1896.
Hon. Thomas E. WaUon, Thompson, Go.— Dear
Sib: Such is our form of government that the
citizens of the United States must shape its
course for good or evil throueh the agency of
political parties. When there is no political
party that represents the principles of good
government, no party that stauas for right
and the interest of the laborer, wealth-pro
ducer and all who strive to make an honest
living by fair and legitimate means, then it is
impossible for the majority of the voters to ex
press their will at the ballot-box.
When ail the political parties stand for the
selfish interest and personal greed of money
changers, corporations, trusis, monopolies, as
does the Republican party under the leader
ship of John Sherman and the Democratic
party under the leadership of Grover Cleve
land, then the producing masses are victim*
without an alternative. To withhold their
votes will furnish them no relief, while to cast
their votes for either party is to sanction their
own spoliation and to strengthen the power
that oppresses them.
This was the political situation in 1892
when x stern necessity forced organized labor,
tne organized wealth producers, and others
who believe in good govern went and were en
gaged in legitimate business interests, to meet
and form a new political organization known
as the People's party. This new political
party, representing the principles ol true Re
publicanism as taught by Abraham Lincoln
and of true Democracy as taught by Jefferson
and Jackson, as if springing full-grown from
the loins of the people, cast over a million
votes, winning in five States within four
! months from the date of its birth.
The Democratic and Republican parties no
longer represented the principles upon which
| they were founded. They had long since de
serted the principles for which our ancestors
left the Old World and which were made our
inheritance through the blood and sacrifices
of our fathers in the Revolutionary War, and
had embraced the odious and oppressive meth
ods so long practiced under the monarchies
and despotisms of the Old World. The enemies
of good government, the enemies of the peo
ple's prosperity and the enemies of struggling
humanity had dominated and controlled both
of these parties for twenty years. Both of
these parties had long since ceased to regard
the Interest of the masses and became
the agents through which corporations and
trusts exploit the people; both of these parties
have betrayed the people and have legislated
in the interest ot the bankers, speculators,
bondholders ana monopolists, thus enabling
the favored few to absorb the millions of prop
erty earned and created by the toiling masses.
They hare been the agencies for robbing the
millions to make the few millionaires, and,
worse than this, they have placed the welfare
and happiness of the whole Nation in the
hands of and subject to the confederated money
power of the world. The candidates of both of
these pmies for the past twenty years have
been pledged to the gold standard and have
used the power of the Government on the side
of gold. No matter which party the people
voted for their votes were cast for their ene
; imes and to enslave tnemselves. No matter
which party went into power times grew
harder and the wealth of the many was con
centrated into the hands of the few.
Another party, an American party, was
wanted. There was need for such a party to
keep alive the American spirit of 1776, to ad
vocate and enforce the principles of the De
claration of Independence, to advocate the
rights of American labor and American man
hood, to restore prosperity to a suffering
people and to rescue a great and rich Nation
from the quicksands of bankruptcy and ruin. !
Thus the People's party stands for the great
principles of s republican form of govern
ment as represented by the forefathers, and
came into exiitence to restore the Government
to the people.
The People's party was the first political or
ganization in twenty-three years that made an
honest demand tor the free and unrestricted
coinage of silver. Until the present year both
old parties put into their platforms a demand
for the restoration of silver, but coupled with
it quulifying and ambiguous phrases that neg
atived the demand, ami then rallied the voters
of the West and South for silver, and the North
aud £ut for the gold standard, on the 6ame
platform.
The People's party was the first political or
ganization that decided against the surrender
of the governmental functions of issuing
paper money to National, State or private
banks. The People's party was the first politi
cal organization to make definite and specific
what it meant by opposition to monopolies in
stead of indulging In glittering generalities
The People's party was the first political party
to nominate candidates for President and
Vice-President that were not goldbujcs and did
not receive goldbug support. It Is the only
party now in existence which, with an undi
vided membership and a solid front, la de
manding legislation for the suppression of
monopolies and for the equal protection
of all citizens against the en
croachment ot individual and corporate
power. So successfully has It exposed the
shortcomings ot the two old parties, so vigor
ously arraigned them for the betrayal of the
people, so vigorously has it taught the princi
ples of true Democracy and true Republican
ism, that one of these old parties has been
forced to retrace its erring steps and cast oft.
for the time being at least, its base and treach
erous leaden. It was the People's party that
brought tae all-important and overshadowing
question of financial reform to the front. It
was the People's party that made it impossible
for the old parties to longer keep in the back
ground the real National issues while they
fought sham bat les over the tariff and other
minor local issues. The People's party is the
real force, the mainspring behind this great
political revolution.
It was the indomitable force that drove the
Democratic party to make its patriotic declara
tion in the Chicago convention and is now the
constant and strengthening force that holds
them up to that declaration. If this patriotic
and elevating influence as an organized force
were removed then inevitably the evil and
blighting influences that have dominated and
corrupted the Democratic party in the past
would creep into its councils and control
it aeain. Besides there is a considerable mi
nority of the Democratic party, who for policy
are supporting the action of the Chicago con
vention, yet who are radically opposed to Mr.
Bryan and the principles which he represents.
These are the natural ailies of the plutocrats
of the Indianapolis convention snd will spare
no efforts to defeat the reforms vrnich the
people and every principle of good govern
ment demand.
Thus the Democratic party, so long de
bauched—a party beset from without and lrom
within by the gold plutocrats trying to again
control — cannot be relied on to carry out these
reiorms of the People's party and restore pros
perity to the American people.
Tnerefore there was never greater need for
the vigorous growth of our party than now.
Without it the Democratic party, if in power,
could not redeem its pledges. Without It the
next National convention of the Democratic
party would repudiate the platform it haa ho
recently adopted at Chicago, and Mr. Bryan
would stand no more chance of becoming its
nominee than would Thomas Jefferson il he
were again on earth.
In 1892 the Democratic politicians de
nounced the principles ot the People's party.
In 1896 these same men were forced to purge
themselves of their modern false doctrines and
I return to the principles of Jefferson and Jack
son. That party in its National convention
nominated for the Presidency William J.
Bryan, a maa who was ready to renounce the
false gods of a corrupted Democracy as Henry
M. Teiler had renounced the iaise gods of a
corrupted Republicanism.
The People's party, in its second National
convention held a few wefks later, put coun
try above party and rose to a higher plane of
patriotism than has ever been shown Dy any
other party. It recognized in this young pa
triot of the West a man who stands in the
broadest and truest sense for American insti
tution and American principles — a man as
worthy and as true as any one within our own
ranks, and besides one who had already sev
eral millions of votes pledged to nis support,
and who, therefore, we conid be sure of elect
ing in the present contest. Tnus was presented
to us an opportunity to elect a man who would
be the firs', irieud to the people in the White
House in twenty years— such a mau as the
People's party had scarcely hoped to elect be
fore 1900.
It the Democratic party had been true to the
people and ita own platform in its selection of
a candidate for Vice-PresTSent we would not
now have the honor of addressing you— one of
the worthiest and most beloved sons of the
People's party— in this official capacity, for in
that event the People's party would have
nominated the whols L'eirocratic ticket by
even a larger majority than it nominated Mr.
Bryan. But such was not the case. It seems
that the party was not able at one effort to
purge itself of its modern heresies, cast off it 3
plutocratic leaders, and at the same time it
nominated Mr. Bryan gave him a running
mate who had no; earned in the arena of
action, contending against the foes of
the people, the affection, the confidence
and the trust of the masses of our country
as had Mr. Bryan himself. Had it nominated
a man lor the'Vice-Presidency who was known
to all Americans as a chieftain and a leader in
defense of the toilers and producers of the
land, one who by the use 01 voice, pen and
means had endeared himself to the American
people; one with a past not obscured in a
silence suggestive of either ignorance or indif
ference to the struggle of the people with the
money power— the occasion of this communica
tion to your worthy self would not bave oc
curred. The People's party, true to its princi
ples and true to its teachings, nominated for
the high office of Vice-Presideut a man
worthy to have headed the ticket, a man who
represents what Mr. Bryan represents, and
therefore, presents to the people to-aay in the
persons oi Bryan and Watson th« best silver
ticket in the field; a ticket that is representa
tive of American ihterests; a ticket that stands
for Just the opposite oi that for which the Re
publican ticket stands.
If the people win this fight for financial re
form, it must be accomplished by the co-oper
ation of the silver forces of all political par
ties. To secure such co-operation of the differ
ent parties it is necessary to have a co-opera
tive ticket. Therefore Bryan and Watson is
not only the best silver ticket, but it is also
the true co-operative ticket
_We have the honor, representing the Second
National Convention of the People's party, to
fortnully notify you of your nomination for
Vice-President of the United States, and hope
you will accept the high trust, and carry our
banner of "Lqual rights to all and special
privileges to none" to victory against the com
bined minions cf special privileges, aggregated
capital and organized greed. We have the
honor to be, yours most respectfully,
Mai;ion Bvtleh.
Chairman ex-officio Notification Committee.
ALLEN NOTIFIES BRYAN
Why the Populists Decided to
Support the Nebraska
Orator.
Now It Only Remains for the Wan
dering Orator to Clasp the Ex
tended Glad Hand.
MADISON, Nebr., Sept. 14.— Senator
William V. Allen, chairman of the Popu
list committee to notify William J. Bryan,
to-night gave out his letter to the nomi
nee. The full text of the letter follows:
Madison. Nebr., Sept. 14, 1896.
To Bon. William J. Bryan, Lincoln, Xebr.—
Dear Sir: At a convention of the People's
party, held at St Louis July 22 to 25 of the
current year, you were unanimously chosen for
President of the United States, to be voted for af
the approaching general election. It was
known at the time that you had boon nomi
nated by the Democratic party at its conven
tion, Held at Chicago a few days before that
time and that you would in all probability
accept the same in a formal manner. Your
nomination by the People's party was not,
therefore, made with any thought that you
were a Populist or that you accepted all the
doctrines declared by the St. Louis platform.
It was due, largely, to the fact that the money
question is the overshadowing political issue
of the age and because you have at all times
been an unswerving, abl -• and fearless advo
cate of the free and unlimited coinage of
silver and gold on terms of equality at the
mints of the United States at the ratio of
16 to 1.
It was thought, also, that the observance of
a patriotic duty required a union of all reform
forces, and the convention took the liberty
without soliciting or consulting you of placing
your name before the people as its standard
bearer. The convention was in doing so
guided by deep solicitude for the common wel
fare and acting on its own motion, prompted
alone by a desire to bring about the best at
tainable results. So much has been said re
specting the rehabilitation of silver by again
placing it In our coinage acts in the position
It occupied when stealthily demonetized by
the act of 1873 that it would be Idle use for us
to discuss the question. You will ob
serve by the closing language of the
St. Louis platform that the convention
recognized the money question as the B real J
issue of the day, and because Populists be
lieve that you are In accord with them on this
question you will receive their ballots in No
vember. It has at no time been expected nor
is it now that yon will abandon your adhesion
to the Chicago platform, nor that you will ac
cept all that Is declared by the People's party
platform, however gratifying the latter would
be to all Populists. It must be understood
that the party does not abate one jot or tittle
of loyalty to its principles. We have declared
ourselves in favor of many Important reforms
and go further than you or your party have
gone. These reforms are in our judgment es
sential to the liberation of the people from
present unjust and iniquitous industrial bond
age.
In accordance with precedent of our party
we take this method of notifying you of your
nomination. We shall not send a committee
according to old party custom. In send
ing this . letter of notification of the
great honor that has so justly been
conferred on you ' by our party it is
needless for us to assure you that you have the
continence and esteem of all. Your splendid
abilities, known integrity, competency and
eminent fitness for the position Justly entitle
you to a rank among the great statesmen of
the Nation. We feel that in the event of your
election, which now seems certain, you
will carry into execution the principles of
monetary reform to the end that the people
shall enjoy better industrial conditions. It is
not anticipated, that this can be done with un
due haste or so suddenly as to wrench or dis
joint the business interests of the country,
but that it will be done gradually and In a
way to infuse confidence and hope of better
i conditions for all. ' ,
The People's party will exact of you no prom
ises farther than those made in your public
utterances and exemplified in a life devoted to
the welfare of the race, nor will it.ask you to
abandon the party of which you are an hon
ored member. In your nomination our party
has risen above mere partisan surroundings,
adopting a high plane of patriotism, believing
that a division 0/ forces would result in the
election of William McKinley, the foremost
advocate of a deeply burdensome and un
natural taxation and the criminal policy of
the single gold standard, resulting ultimately,
if not in some manner checked in the complete
destruction and disintegration of our form of
government. Your ■ elevation to the chief
magistracy of the Nation would be regarded
as a vindication ' of the right of the
people to govern, and we entertain no
doubt that you will prove a worthy
successor of the immortal Jefferson and Lin
coln, and that your public life, like theirs,
will illustrate the purity and loftiness of Amer
ican statesmanship. Your extensive and inti
mate knowledge of public affairs and the du
ties the office will Impose, gained In a life that
has been devoted to upholding : the cause of
the people, as well-, as your keen insight into
the condition of our country, in our judgment
highly qualified you to bring about a change
in a way that will work injury to none and
justice to all, thus making our Government, in
fact as it is now in form only, a ' government
"of, by and for the people." We have the
honor to he your most obedient servants,
William Vincent Allen, Chairman.
The name of each of the members of
the notification committee is signed to
the document also.
Treasury Gold. Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, S«pt. 14.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $112,578. 289. Th«
day's withdrawals at New York was
$90,009.
BRYAN CLAIMS TO
BE A DEMOCRAT
Declares That He Is a Bet
ter Bourbon Than His
Critics.
SPEECHES IN ILLINOIS.
With Variations the Boy Orator
of the Platte Sings the
Silver Song. v
SOME TAFFY FOR THE TOILERS
Declares That the Gold Standard Has
Never Been Supported by Labor
ing Men.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 14. — Mr.
Bryan left St. Louis at 6:30 o'clock this
morning in a special train, accompanied
by Congressman Allen and several mem
bers of the St. Louis local committee.
Although the hour was very early when
Mr. Bryan's train reached Bellville, 111.,
where the first stop was made, more than
1000 people were gathered about a tem
porary platform near the tracks. Mr.
Bryan was presented by Martin W.
Shafer, chairman of the Democratic
County Committee. In the course of his
remarks, Mr. Bryan said :
If the people of the United States deliber
ately throw their Influence upon the side of
the gold standard it simply means that they
raise the value of an ounce of gold throughout
the world. If we succumb to the influences
which are opposed to us, the great money in
fluences, these same influences will be turned
upon weaker nations and nation after nation
will De driven from the use of silver, as every
new nation that joins In the crusade for gold
will make our property cheaper and our
money dearer and give unearned advantage
to the men who own money and change money
and add continuing distress to the people who
toil and produce the wealth of the world.
[Cheers.] We are here in a great laboring
community. 1 call your attention, men
who toll, to the fact that not in a
single instance in the history of re
corded time has the gold standard ever re
ceived the voluntary indorsement of those
who labor. [Cheers.] It has been supported,
it has been defended and it has been propa
gated by tho>e who instead of producing
wealth, live upon the toil of others and by
holding and cornering the money of the world,
charge what they will for it ot those who must
have it to do the business of the world. Take
away the gold standard, the support of the
money-owning classes and money-changing
classes aud it will not stana for a single day in
any nation on earth. [Cheers.] I appeal to
you to do your duty as you see it and let no
threat and persuasion swerve you from mak
ing each vote register a free man's will. [Loud
cheering.]
The arrival of Mr. Bryan at Mascoutah,
111., had been advertised for 7:45, but the
train reached there at 7:20, and Mr. Bryan
made a few remarks to a small crowd of
undemonstrative people. They cneered as
the train drew out. When the Bryan spe
cial train reached Nashville, 111., the
Democratic candidate found several hun
dred people there. They cheered him
when he came on the car platform and
applauded his remarks about the money
question. Ashley, the next stop, had a
large and enthusiastic crowd. Mr. Bryan
again spoke.
Mt. Vernon had sent a committee ahead
to meet Mr. Bryan, and wnen he reached
there at 9:20 the people formed in line and
escorted the candidate to a platform in
front of the State Supreme Court build
ing, 100 yards from the station. It was a
very good-sized crowd, numbering several
thousand people, and they were very en
enthusiastic. A brass band escorted Mr.
Bryan to the stand, and following him
came a number of men bearing campaign
transparencies. Mr. Bryan was introduced
by Judge Sample, State Appellate Judge,
and made a twelve-minute speech. He
said:
I appreciate the fact that this meeting is
presided over by one who until this campaign
has been a Republican [referring to Judge
Sample]. I also appreciate the fact that v hi. o
our opponents may say of me that I am young
and lacking in public experience, they
cannot bring that charge against a member of
the Supreme Court, whose judgment and
heart has led him to espouse the cause of the
people. [Cheers.] A few months ago 1 was in
your midst, then as a private citizen simply
representing a cause which was near to my
heart, and when I told you here that the
brand of mv Democracy was different from the
brand which was being presented by the ad
ministration, your city was advertised by
those who tried to make it appear that I was
not a Democrat. My friends, those of you
who were here know that 1 not only did not
declare myself not a Democrat, but I have al
ways declared myself a better Democrat than
any man who sought to undo what Jefferson
and Jackson did for the American people.
[Great cheering.]
Fifteen hundred peonle were bunched
together around a speaker's platform at
McLeansboro, 111., wnen Candidate Bry
an's train reached that place at 10:20 a. m.
A gangplank, one end resting on the train
platform, enabled Mr. Bryan to reach the
stand without being obliged to fight his
way through the throng, as he had fre
quently been obliged to do. He made a
short speech and said :
Since 1873 the people have been trying to
restore the law which existed before '73.
From the beginning of the Government down
to '78 there never was a day when silver was
discriminated against as a standard.
Referring to the Chicago convention he
said:
i A majority of the delegates in that conven
tion went there instructed to declare for the
free coinage of silver at 16 to 1, and obeyed
their Instructions and adopted a platform that
breathes the spirit of the Declaration of Inde
pendence, which is now offered to the toilers
of this country. [Applause.] The men who
have been trying to read out of the Democratic
party those who stood by its ancient doc
trines were the first to leave the Democratic
party and find a congenial home somewhere
else. We have no desire to drive Democrats
out of the party unless they want to use it for
the purpose unknown to the founders of the
party. But when we had to choose between
the company of those who had been advocat
ing the dominion of syndicates and those who
believed in the principles of our forefathers
and the Interests of the people, we prefer to
lose the company of some of our leaders and
retain the confidence ot the people.
Carmi, 111., turned out a big crowd to see
and hear Mr. Bryan. When his special ar
rived there at 11 o'clock enough people
were gathered at the station to fill an open
space a bnndred feet square, carmi bad a
stand erected for his accommodation. The
regulation brass band was on hand and
ail the appurtenances of a political meet
ing were there. Mr. Bryan said:
Our opponents tell us that if prices fall the
farmer makes as much on what he buys cheap
as he loses on what he sells cheap. They forget
that some things do not fall. Your taxes are
not tailing. I know not how it may be in this
country, but as a rule the taxes of a farmer are
as much to-day as they were twenty years ago
[a voice, "They are a great deal more"]; al
though it takes twice as much of the farmer's
product to pay these taxes as it did then. Now,
all those who find a rising dollar a good thing
are telling us that we must maintain a golu
standard. My friends, let them think so if they
will; let them vote that way if they desire to.
but I want to impress upon your minds that
you who are injured by a gold standard have
got to secure that relief yourselves through
the ballot box if you are going to seek relief.
[Anplause.]
Soon after leaving Carmi the Bryan
special crossed the Wabash into Indiana
and Mr. Bryan received a welcome to that
State from committees from Evansville
and other places. The first place where a
stop was made in Indiana by the Bryan
train was at Mount Verrion at noon. Five
tnousand people greeseil Mr. Bryan there.
Mr. Bryan reached Emnsville shortly
beiore 1 o'clock. He was placed in a car
riage and taken to an open lot, 1 00 yards
from where the train s opped, at the cor
ner of Ohio street and First avenue. The
lot was crowded to its outskirts with peo
ple. Two Bryan and Sewnll clubs arrived
after Mr. Bryan reached the covered stand
from which he made nis speech, and in
creased the gathering. The candidate was
very heartily cheered by an audience of
SOOO people, and when he was presented
by Colonel Shanklin, National committee
man of Indianapolis, the cheering was re
newed.
Mr. Bryan went over many of the points
discussed by him before. He spoke i;i
pan as follows:
As I came down the street here I noticed a
picture showing the mints open in one place
and the lactories in another, and the Republi
can party assures the people it is trying to
open the'faetories while we are trying to open
the mints. Our policy means the opening of
both mints aud laciories. The triumph of the
Republican party means the closing ot both
mints and factories. [Applause.] How can
the manufacturer sell Roods unless the people
are able to buy them? As long as you drive
down the price of farm products you make it
impossible for the farmer to buy the products
of the factories, and until he can buy you can
not open the factories. When they say they
want to open the factories first and then times
will be good it is putting the cart before the
horse. It is like saying a man has a good
wagon and it runs well if ho could only make
the horse go. [Laughter.] People need cloth
ing and other products of the factory. Why
can't they buy them? Because when the
farmer sells his crops in gold prices and pays
his debts and taxes he has nothing leit to
spend at the store. [Applause.]
On the way to the station the spirited
horses attached to Mr. Bryan's carriage
became frightened and jumped into the.
crowd. There was a momentary panic
among those near the carriage and a great
scamp r for safety. One of the horses
plunged back and "forward furiously, get
ting beyond the control of the driver. At
thisjunoture Mr. Bryan and those with
him jumped to the ground juat as the
horses were subdued oy some policemen.
The train left Evansville at 1:25 o'clock
and crossed over the Ohio River into Ken
tucky.
Henderson, Ky.. where the candidate
was scheduled to stop for an hour, was
reached at 2 o'clock. An escort, composed
of the Carlisle Rifles, 500 mounted men
from Union County, city and county
officials in carriages, and others, conveyed
Mr. Bryan to the courthouse, where he
made a speech before a iar^e and en
thusiastic audience. Ex - Congressman
James F. Clay introduced Mr. Bryan, who
was received with wild enthusiasm. He
made a speech half an hour long and then
went over to another stand at the edge of
the park and addressed a second great as
semblage for twenty minutes. Mr. Bryan
repeated his usual talk for silver.
At the conclusion of his remarks the
escort was re-formed and M«\ Bryan re
turned to his train cheered along the way.
The train left Henderson at 3:15. An extra
car furnished to the Kentucky people
accompanying Mr. Bryan by the Louis
ville, Henderson and St. Louis road, over
whose tracks the trip to Louisville was
made, was attached to the special train at
Henderson.
A stop of ten minutes was made at
Owensboro, the home of Urey Wootison,
National committeeman from Kentucky,
whose guest Mr. Bryan will be while
traveling through the State.
At Hawesville, Cloverport and Irvington
Mr. Bryan said a few words to several
hundred people at each place. He also
addressed quite a gatherine at West Point,
where flaming jets of natural gas formed
the principal illumination in his honor.
At Louisville many people turned out
to see Bryan, and he made several speeches
of the usual silvery hue.
The JHoatofiic* Clerks.
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 14.— The Na
tional Association of Postoffice Clerks
opened their annual meeting to-day. The
main business of the convention is to dis
cuss a bill providing for the classification
of postoffice clerks in all fi rst-oiass post
offices and to arrange for better hours and
pay.
NEW TO-DAY.
FIT SNAPS
1 Iff Ml fff
3.25 DINNER SET
complete for C persons, 54 pieces
6.75 DINNER SET
complete for 12 persons, 100 pieces.
• Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware.
4.75 DINNER SET
• — Decorated, for 6 persons, 54 pieces.
7.75 DINNER SET
Decorated, for 12 persons, 100 pieces
Guaranteed Very Best Quality,
PRETTY DECOEATIOX.
Will Cost You Double Elsewhere.
SEE THEM.
FRIJIT ( 45c per Doz. Pints,
1 •V*-' » J 55c per Doz. Quarts.
lADS / 75c per Doz. Half Gallons.
•■/-liV^. I 30c per Doz. Jelly. Glasses.
Great American Importing Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission St. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore si.
617 Keorny st. 965 Market st.
1410 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
521 Montgomery «vu. ioj. Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
■->-:;' 53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St.. Alatneda.
Ely's Cream BaliWpripi
Cleanses the Nasal iP^cf^/^Hf. 1 "}
Passages. Allays Pain gWjEVEn <&3 *L M
and Inflammation, fe* -■ •»» j* Jk
Restores the Senses of£*j\ 'v < ?#'iSX
Taste and Smell. g|£ _^ *^£M
Heals the Sore*. WsM*^-^kW%
Apply Balm Into each nostril llJSfsCv^lv^Cm^i? 11 '^
ELT BUOS.se Warr«n M..N.Y Bg?J^^!_Jffl
\ ' 1 i: i -,:i :; -^v^T BB ' l!| '»lßJtaMl HSlfli Wt9^
j Blackwelt's Genuine |
! BULL DURHAM
% ■ Ton will find one coupon inside each 2 ounce has »nd two coupons Inside each 4 onnc* tag. ; j
I Bay a bag, read the coupon and see how to g«t your share Of 1280.000 In present*. j (
Is the light that will brine a greir~6T*
glow of happiness to you. By it you wiU
see how strong nd vigorous you now
weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
■ man. The great Hudvan is to be had only
; from the Hudson Medical Institute This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
; powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
j that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can pet it from nowhere bat
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writa
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is th«
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientitio
m f?T of Kurope and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharee in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
! ing sensations, nervous t-vitchings of the
eyes and other part*. . Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
88 cheap as any other remedy.
iiUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
I Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
; ' pea in twenty days by the use of Hudvan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials
•TAINTED BLOOD-lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of son-
producing jcerms. Tnen come sore throat, pimples
copper-colored spots, uicers In mouth, old sores and
falllne hair. You o»n «aye a trip to Hot Borings
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or write for
30-day circulars.
HUDSON. MEDICAL, INSTITUTE
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
■ SAN' FRANCISCO. CAL.
Are You One?
How many men commence with a sim-
ple case of gonorrhoea and end with an in-
curable disease !
How many men have been wrecked by
neglect or quack treatment of gleet!
. How many men lead a miserable exist-
ence with inflammation of the bladder, as
the result of the improper treatment of
stricture !
How many men are trying to swim the
current of life weighted down, as if a mill-
stone were fastened to their necks, with
Kidney troubles!
fAre you one of them?
/f//^ :^\ t\f you are, why do
wtn «A you keep one foot in
Mr>\yt i?5^W the grave when you
j-^U /#KA. . have at your command
'i/*^ the best informed and
u/xj «jjfcj|^ most skillful specialist
-*d^l^W^sr ■ W. in America? Doctor
mmW? * m Cook is as familiar with
these troubles as you are with the very
daylight. He also cures lost or failing
manhood and every form of nervous,
chronic and private diseases of both sexes.
. Write if you cannot call. Treatment by
mail fully guaranteed. Office hours: 9to
1 12 a. m., 2to 5 and 7 to Bp. m. Sundays
. from 10 to 12 a. m. only.' Address
nnPTfIQ PMW market street,
UUU I UII bUUR, San Francisco, Cal.
sooo
CARNATIONS
. Field-Grown From Spring Cuttings
by an Experienced Eastern Florist.
IX VARIETIES
As follows:
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McGowan, "l
Willam Scott, T Silver Spray, Ititk!.^
Day Break, l™ n i, Hiniiies White, /-WO"*
Tidal Wave, J-FinK. white Wing, J
Grace Wilder, J Gold i-'incn, uold, Yellow.
American Flag— Striped. :
These plants are -well-grown for Win-
ter bloom, and will be sold to the
trade at reasonable rates.
T.G. ARMSTRONG & SON
FLORISTS, ETC,
Rose Aye. Nurseries.
Addrrss: ,
Mills Collrge P. 0., Almneda Co., Cal.
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds
rnREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AN I) COUNTY
-L of San Francisco. Septembers, 1393.
Holders of Dupont-gtreei Bonds Issued under an
a l of the Mate 1,1-giii.iiiin* emitted "An Act to
Authorize the Widening of Inuioiu street, in 'ha
City of ban Francisco." adopted March 'J3, 1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
! ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of saiJ
Bonds as provided by Section 13 of said act, at his
office in 'he new City Hall. San Francisco, until
la o'clock noon of TUESDAY. September 15, 1898.
The umotiiu to be applied to the redemption of
I said Bonds is about ninety thousand dollars
I ($90,000). Bidden will state at «• hat rate they
will surrender their Bonds for payment. 1*93
i coupons due. No proposals above par will be con-
sidered. .
1 Bids to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
; Dupont-street Bonds." a. > . WIDBEK,
City ana County Treasurer.
RUPTURE, i
Kj»7 irrupttm-'l.Ton naturally hope tooMnin relief^
Raj/ from pain: security from Strangulated Herttia and » JB
F3n| I nl«<T«ir pouible. Ple»»etQ*«ili;aio "Dr.
'Osm Pierce s Pat. Magnetic Elastic Truss.' an<l»im will Is
■■ be surprised a: what yon will learn. This Tru.." ■■
HV positively does the irork it worth (1.000 to any jga
■j ruptured manor»om«n. If rnu w:iui the PEST, ■
■/ call or Head 3 ctt. in Mampi for frte Pamphlet No. I . ■■
■ It cont»im full information. CST The acienttle M
D {cuimrnl of tru»»i-i ntour office n-pecialtr. Aii.ln'<i fl|
W IIAC.NF.TIC BLAST!*! TRrPS Co., Nn.7f>4.X.W JBBJI
1 f cor. Sasr»men:o i. Kenruy ft!., S:.u Krauci»cu, ' .'.. E3SIFIRM FAITH
IN McKINLEY
Farmers of Ohio Journey to
Canton to Greet the
Major.
PROTECTION TO INDUS
TRY DEMANDED.
Sheep-Growers of the East Are
Impoverished by the Low
Democratic Tariff.
THEY LOOK TO THE CHAMPION
OF PROTECTION.
Tillers of the Soil Will Assist Him
in the Fight to Restore
Prosperity.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept 14.— The visiting
delegations took an early start this week.
Major McKinley commenced his speech
tnaking at 11 o'clock this morning, and he
Will not finish his oratorical labors until
Saturday evening. At 10:30 a delegation
•f 1000 wool-growers and business men
from Harrison County, Ohio, arrived in
Canton. This delegation started from
Cadiz, the county seat' and home of the
Venerable diplomat and jurist, John A.
Bingham, shortly after sunrise. As the
majority of the men in the delegation were
farmers early rising was no hardship for
them.
The Harrison County men were re
ceived in a handsome way at the station
by the Canton mounted troop, who es
corted them to Major McKinley's resi
dence. The candidate has made a good
many speeches in Harmon County — which
Is one of the largest wool-growing commu
nities in the West — and he ha* a large
number of acquaintances and admirers
there, many of whom were among the
visitors to-day. Ii was this fact that ac
counted in the measure for the ardor of
the greeting which Major McKinley re
ceived when he appeared on his front
porch this morning. The farmers of Har
rison County cheered long and lustily.
Ex-Attorney-General D. A. Hollings
worth was spokesman. He said in part:
Major McKinley: Your friends, both politi
cal and personal, of Harrison County, 1000 in
number, are here to-day to pay their respects
to you and wish you godspeed in the manly
fight you are making for American honor,
American industries and American homes.
The people of Harrison County, here and at
home, beg to tall your special attention to the
condition of their one leading industry, the
recent prostration, almost destruction, of
which by Democratic free trade lias paralyzed
every business center of the county.
Under the beneficial influences of the
act oi 1807, known as the Bingham
wool tariff, the venerable author of
which is still living in great respect and
honor at Cadiz, and who sends by us to you his
greeting and assurances of support, Harrison
County produced more sheep and wool than
any other county in the United States on like
area. Its soil seems especially adapted to
sheep husbandry. This prosperous condition
Df our wool iudustry was continued uuder the
McKinley tariff of 1890, and it became in fact,
not only tne leading industry, but a part and
parcel, the woof and warp, of every industrial
enterprise in the county.
In 1892, the last year of the McKinly tariff,
the sheep of Harrison County numbered 159,
-246, and were valued for taxation at $400,
870. Siuce then the number of sheep has rap
idly decreased, so that in 1896 the statistics
Ehow only 92,134, valued at $165,512, the
wool clip oi which amounts to oniy 512,265
pounds.
Mr. Hollingsworth's speech was loudly
and enthusiastically applauded. When
the people became quiet Major McKinley
stepped forward. There was a thunder of
applause, and then he commenced his
speech. It was addressed to the wool
growers of the country and of Harrison
County. Major McKinley said :
Mr. Hollingsworth, Ladies and Gentlemen —
My Fellow Citizens: I count it as a very
Bpecial honor to receive this visit from my
fellow citizens, composed for the most part
of the farmers of Harrison County. I would
have been giad to have had with you that
venerable citizen and statesman, Hon. John
A. Bingham [great applause], whose message
of cheer and congratulation and good will
you have brought me. [Renewed applause.]
It 13 especially gratifying to me to receive a
Visit from so many of the farmers ana wool-
Rrowers of Harrison County.' There is scarcely
& county in the State which is so essentially
agricultural as yours. You have no large
towns; you have but few factories and your
occupations are almost exclusively rural,
i'our county has long been noted as one oi the
great agricultural sections of the State, and
especially devoted to that branch of agricul
ture known as sheep-raising and wool-grow
ing. There is probably no portion of the
country of the same area that has supDorted
so many siieep as yours, and for many years
at least this was the most profitable industry
of your farmers. It is not so good, I believe,
now as formerly. [Laughter and applause
»ad cries of "No, no!"] The last three years
nave been years of great trtal, not only to the
wool-growers of your county, but to the entire
country. You have seen your crops disappear
ttnd your fleeces diminish in value to au ex
tent that prior to 1892 you would not have be
lieved was possible. 1 remember in 1891 to
bave delivered an address in the city oi Cadiz
to the assembled farmers of Harrison County,
In which I undertook to predict what would
happen if we had free wool in the United
States. There were few men in that great
audience who believed my prediction then.
What do you think of it now, farmers of Har
rison County? [Cries of "We think it all
right."]
■ In 1891 you had, according to your banners
displayed here to-day, 153,503 sheep of an
average value of $5 per he»d. In 1896 you
have but 92,000 sheep worth only $1 50 per
head. In 1891 you received from 30 to 32
cents per pound for your wool; in 1896, lor
the same grade of wool, from 14 to 16 cents
per pound. Thi3 enormous loss to a great in
dustry is truiy astounding and calls for seri
ous consideration and prompt remedy if one
h.u be found, and the only remedy we have in
the United States is by the ballot; andifitis
protection you want you know what party car
ries tue banner of protection. [Enthusiastic
taeer.ng and cnes of "What's the matter with
McKinley? He's all right."]
Prior to the enactment of the Wilson tariff
law you had enjoyed almost without inter
ruption from the beginning of the Government
k tariff on your product to protect you from
the competition of the cheaper lands and the
theaper labor of other countries. By that act
Jour product was made free and opened up to
I he nnrefctricted competition of all the wool oi
Uie wond. What makes that act more inde
fensible iss first, ihdt it was wholly unneces
lury; ami, second, that it was singling out one
Of the greatest industries of the country for
(omediate sacrifice, leaving o her industries
liaviug no greater claim upon the considera
ifun of the Government practically unharmed.
[Cries of "That's right."] No class of our
citizens have suffered so much from
that tariff law as the wool-growers of
tue United States, and none were
more deserving of generous treatment than
they. So Inexcusable was this act that Presi
dent Cleveland, who favored a reduction ill
tariff all along the line, and who believed in
free raw material, wan unwilling to sign the
bill and used ihese characteristic words ngainst
it: ''It may well excite our wonder that
Democrats are willing to depart from this (free
raw-material doctrine), the most Democratic
of all, tariff principle, and that the inconsist
ent absurdity of such a proposed departure
should be emphasized by the suggestion that
the wool of the farmers be put on the free list,
and the protection of tariff taxation be placed
around the iron ore und coal oi corporations
nnd capitalists,." But this did not avert the
fatal blow. Less organized than other indus
tries in the country you were unable to secure
the recognition to which you were justly enti
tled to, and your great product was made the
victim of free trade. [Cries of '-That's right."]
The platform of the National Republican
party, upon which we stand this year, much
to my gratification singles out the wool indus
try and makes of it special mention as entitled
to full protection under our revenue laws.
[Loud app,mi-e and cries of "Good, good!"]
This is the language of the National platform:
"To all our products— to those of the mine and
the field, as well as those of the shop and fac
tory—to hemp, to wool, the proauct of "the
great industry of sheep industry, as well as to
the finished woolens of the mill, we promise
the most ample protection." [Great ap
plause.] And what the Republican party
promises it is in the habit of performing.
[Cries of "That's light!"] It does not
make promises to be broken. It says
what it means and means what it says. If
clothed with power in all branches of the
Government it will give to this great indutry
fair and just protection with all other indus
tries oi the country. But, my fellow-citizens,
what we want, whether we produce wool or
any other agricultural product, is to preserve
the splendid home market to our own Amer
ican producers. [Great applause.] It is the
beat market in the world. There is no other
market like it and upon every principle of
justice and lair play it belongs to us. and to
nobody else before us. [Applause and cries of
"That's right."]
Protection to the farmer has been recognized
from the beginning of the Government until
now. As showing the importance of your in
dustry it is only necessary to say that in 189 2
there were 700,000 wool-growers in the United
States— 7oo,ooo people whose chief occupation
was that of wool-growing. There were prob
ably one-fourth as many more who were own
ers of small flocks of sheep in the United
States. This industry employed besides those
■who owned the flocks, it is estimated, at least
500,000 laborers, representing, with those who
were dependent upon them, nearly 2,500,000
people. There were 700,000 larms, averaging
160 acres each, devoted to this industry; and
the mountainous regions and the vast plain
of the great West, which are not adapted to
other kinds of farming, have been utilized In
this great industry and made valuable. Every
one of these farms, comprising 160 acres of
land— ll2,ooo.ooo acres in all— has been
seriously injured by placing wool upon the
free list. In one of trie agricultural papers of
the West I have seen the statement that in
Oregon, Utah, Washington, Idaho and Western
Montana there were 6.710,746 sheep, which
were worth in 1892 $13,421,000. and which in
1896 were worth only $6,710,000. In 1892
we had 47,273,553 sheep in the United States,
valued at $125,000,000. In 1895 we had 38,
-298,000, valued at $65,000,000; and the total
imports of woolen goods in 1892, under the
Repub ican protective tariff law, was a little
above $37,000,000, and in 1895. under the
Wilson tariff law, these imports amounted to
more than $60,000,000. [Cries of "Hurrah for
McKinley and the Republican party!"]
On the second day of April, 1888, in pre
senting the minority report in opposition to
the Milb tariff bill in the National House of
Representatives I said: "Wool on the free
list is a deadly assault upon a great agricul
tural interest and will fall with terrible sever
ity upon a million people, their households and
dependencies. It will destroy invested capi
tal, unsettle established values, wrest lrom the
flock-masters their life-time earnings, bank
rupt thousands of our best and most Indus
trious farmers, and drive them into other
branches of agriculture already overcrowded.
[Cries of , "That's what it has donet"] It is a
vicious and indefensible blow at the entire
agricultural interest o£ the country." [Cries
of "You are right."]
Major McKinley quoted Alexander
Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson in effect
that the duties we lay on all articles of
foreign manufacture secures us against a
relapse into foreign dependence. Con
tinuing he said :
My own idea is that we should encourage
jhome manufactures to the extent of our own
consumption. [Applause.] I have said that the
home market is the best market. You know
that from experience; and the home market is
made better by increasing our factories and
giving employment to idle workmen. [Great
cheering.] Put every idle man in the country
to work and your consumers will be Increased
[cheers and cries of "That's right"], and when
your consumers are increased then your mar
ket is improved and the bettor the price you
receive for your products. [Cries of "Good,
good!"]
It was said that if we opened up this coun
try to the free use of the wool oi the world
the farmers would be benefited. It was done,
and with what beuefit you know better than I
can tell you. Now they tell you that free sil
ver [laughter] is the panacea for all your ills.
[Renewed laughter.] And you have the same
money in circulation now that you tiad four
years ago, but you wool-growers have not got
as much of it as you had then. [Cries of
"That's right.] As free wool degrades your
industry so free silver will degrade your
money. [Applause and cries of "That's right,
too."] You have already been fleeced by loss
on your flocks and you don't propose to be
fleeced further by loss on your money. [Cheer
ing.]
My fellow-citizens, I am glad to receive you
and welcome you here at my home, ana it will
afford me sincere pleasure to shake hands with
each one of you personally if you desire me to
do so. [Great applause.]
Major McKinley dined at the residence
of Isaac D. Harter this evening. Mr. Har
ter is a brother of the late Congressman,
Michael D. Harter.
Major McKinley read the reports from
Maine during toe evening with evident
satisfaction, but without very great sur
prise, for his advices from Augusta had
prepared him for a victory of more than
ordinary proportions.
Major McKinley will receive three dele
gations to-morrow. The fa" rst conies from
Mich ij»an, the second from Somerset
County, Pa., and the third will be com
posed ot the Grand Army posts of Canton
and vicinity^
Talleja Answers Rev. Mr. Willis.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 14.— The Vallejo
Evening Chronicle says: "Elder E. R.
Willis of Napa district is, it would seem,
spitefully inclined toward Vallejo, and in
stead of getting a true condition of affairs
and facts lie is taking a whole lot for
granted in his nines and flourishes at the
Methodist conference. All of the churches
in thi % city yesterday were well attended
at their Sunday services, both morning
and evening. When the Rev. Mr. Willis
«ays that the church-going population of
Vallejo is unco ily, he is oasely misrepre
senting the facts."
J'tilo -ilto's Debating Society.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
14.— The Inter-society Debating League
has elected the following officers: Presi
dent, J. T. Burcham '97; vice-president,
G. L. Williams ' 97; secretary- treasurer, A.
B. Morgan '98. An executive committee
was appointed to arrange for three joint
meetings of all the debating clubs this
semester.
Opening the Frexno Rout*.
FRESNO, Cal., Sept. 14.— The claims of
Q and Diana street property-owners for
damages for the passing cf the Valley road
by their places have all been settled ex
cept two of tne largest. Tney are out of
town, and it is believed that satisfactory
settlement can be made with tnera as soon
as they return. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
BOURKE COCKRAN
TALKS AT OMAHA
Great Crowds Turn Out to
Hear the New York
Statesman.
FIERCE RIOT AVERTED.
Planks Used as Seats Give Way
and the Audience Grows
Surly.
BRYAN'S FRIENDS MAKE NOISE
Again Those Unanswerable Questions
Are Aluded To by the Noted
Speaker.
OMAHA, Nebb., Sept. 14.— W. Bourke
Cockran spoke at the Collisseum to-night
to a crowd estimated at 12,000 people. Sec
retary of Agriculture Morton presided.
Several thousand more tickets were issued,
and what with beat and the breaking
down of benches and people going out it
was twenty minutes before order could be
had. Several thousand Bryan men, includ
ing several silver clubs en masse, were in
the audience and cheered every reference
made to Mr. Bryan.
Mr. Cockran began by saying that he
was profoundly grateful for this hearing
and that the West would give to a man
from New York — a State which Mr. Bryan
had denominated " the enemy's coun
try" — such an audience. He hoped never
again tv hear a citizen of this land speak
of any part of it as "the enemy's coun
try." He had the highest respect for Mr.
Bryan's character. Personally it was
above reproach. That was, he said, what
made his candidacy on the platform that
was made at Chicago by Populists captur
ing the Democratic convention so danger
ous. If tbe nominee were a dangerous
man on that platform there would be less
to apprehend.
If all Mr. Bryan has said about tbe
crime of 1873 and the dealings with Euro
pean money-changers were true, our Gov
ernment must be a failure. If free coin
age would raise the rate of wages to the
laborer, he himself, not professing over
weening love for the laboring man, bat
simply on the theory that it would benefit
him personally, would indorse free coin
age. He had asked Mr. Bryan upon what
i wages were based, and Mr. Bryan had not
answered him because he could not. To
raise the price of everything would accom
plish nothing and the agitation would be
useless, If Mr. Bryan raised the prices of
commodities above wages it would be
injurious to the laborer, while if wages
were pushed above commodities it would
injure the farmer. No one could pay $2
for a day's labor when he could get it" for
$1 50. Wages are not regulated by phi
lanthropy.
Mr. Cockran said he had been a great
traveler, but he had never seen people so
prosperous or crops so abundant as those
this year in the West, except lhat a cloud,
the agitation of free coinage, had been cast
across the country. But this cloud would
be cleared away in November by the
triumph of National honesty and honor.
The best news he could take back East
would be that he had seen in this city the
largest audience he had ever seen and that
the Bryan campaien had collapsed.
Secretary Morton made a brief speech
on taking the chair, but even the report
ers could not catch his words, and it was
merely pantomime to the audience, which
was struggling for seats and yelling, "Sit
down!" to ttiose who stood in the aisles.
In the attempt to seat so vast an audi
ence planks were used, supported at either
end by a chair. .People crowded upon i
these until the boards broke, and those ;
who were seated had to- stand. Hundreds !
of these boards broKe, and the crowd was !
spotted frequently with small groups of !
standing people who had no place to ait,
who could get neither in nor out.
When the meeting was called to order
these standing groups interfered with the
sight of those silting, and confusion fol-
Jowed. Cries of "Sit down" were continu
ous from those sitting, and were responded i
to with hisses by those standine. The
trouble, if any there was, was In issuing
tickets to more than the seating capacity
of the Collisseum, and then throwing open
of the doors for all others to crowd in. By
the use of other chairs and boxes the
broken planks were again made to do
service, and after the people nad again
been properly seated, there was no further
disturbance, and Mr. Cockran was ac
corded respectful hearing, except that his
reference to Bryan on two or three oc
casions was greeted with rounds of ap
plause by the friends of that gentleman
who were In the audience.
Several avowed Bryan supporters were
giventickets by the committee who had
the meeting in charge, and these men
probably inadvisedly, interrupted the
speaker a few times by prolonged cheers I
for their favorite.
TOM WATSON IN NEBRASKA.
Atks the West and South to Preserve the
■ People's Party.
OSCEOLA, Nebr., Sept. 14.— Thomas F.
Watson spoke to an audience of over 3000
here to-day. The weather up to 10 o'clock
was very disagreeable, it having rained I
throughout the entire night. This kept '
away a great number of people from the I
surrounding country. Mr. Watson , spoke I
for nearly two hours and presented a com- j
plete argument for all of the Populist j
party and principles. His reference to the
fact that of all the Congressmen elected
from the Southern States through the aid
of the Populist party, he was the only one
who had remained true to the faith, pro
duced tremendous cheering.
His criticisms of Sewall, the Democratic
nominee for Vice-President, was couched
in gentlemanly language, and his main I
point was that this was a fight for the '
preservation of the Populist party, and in
order to get the needed" reforms the West
and South must stand shoulder to shoul- <
der, as from those sections must come th 1 ? |
votes necessary for success. Continuing
he said: 1 • . . D
"It 1 believed it best for the Interests of |
Mr. Bryan I would willingly get off the '■
ticket. Perish my name forever if I cannot !
be instrumental in freeing this people."
He called attention to the fact that
sound-money Democrats had gone to the
South and selected General BucKner. In
closing he made an appeal to the people
of Nebraska to look well to their interests
on election day.
Congressman Bell addressed a large
audience at a mass-meeting this evening.
Both speakers leave for Wahoo in the
morning, at which place they speak to
morrow. '
♦
Floctcing Hack From. Alaxka
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 14.— The three
masted schooner Sophie Sutherland, with
ninety practicaliy'dead broke" Cooks Inlet
miners, arrived in port this afternoon
direct from Bis-Mile Creek. Of this num
ber oi disappointed gold-seekers not a man I
made expanses. There are about 1000 men
yet on Turnagain Arm and its tributaries.
Those returning to-day say that of many
creeks emptying imo Cooks Inlet only
one, Mill Creek, carries gold in paying
quantities.
PLEAD FOR CLIFTON MA YNE.
Affidavits Filed by the Girls He Wat Con
rictrd of Wronging.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 14.— Clifton
R. Mayne, now in jail under sentence of
twenty-live years for a crime against the
Shipton girls, and retained pending an
appeal to the Supreme Court, has sud
denly sprung into public notice again, be
cause of a motion filed to-day in the Su
perior Court, supported by numerous affi
davits, asking the court to set aside its
former ruling denying to the prisoner a
new trial.
The affidavits are from Delia Shipton, a
sister of Elsie, who charged Mayne with
having wronged her. She now declares
that she had testified falsely in the trial
as to her sister's age. There is an affidavit
from the mother, statine tbat she gave the
child's age incorrectly at the time of the
trial, and that Elsie was really born in
1880, which would place her slightly over
the a^e of consent.
LOS ANGELES HOLD-UP.
South Rlvemide Man Seriously Wounded
by a Footpad.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 14.— John
E. Dold of South Riverside was probably
fatally shot by a footpad in Eiysian Park
on the outskirts of this city about 7 o'clock
this evening. Dold was out for a stroll
near the highest point in the park when
he was approached by a medium-sized
man, dressed in dark-blue clothes. The
stranger demanded that Dold should bold
up both bands.
Dold was frightened by the unexpected
order, and instead of complying made a
move as though to draw a revolver, when
be was tired upou by the footpad at close
range. The ball entered the left side of
Dold's abdomen, ranging back toward the
spinal calunin, where it remains. The
footpad made his escape.
SAN DIEGO MESTERY.
Wave* Cast Up a Bottle Containing the
Story of a Wreck.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Bept. 14— A floating
bottle was picked up at La Jolla yesterday,
in which was a scrap of brown paper, on
which was written In pencil the following
blurred lines:
August 26, '91.— Shipwrecked five weeks ago
and sinking. Name vessel Eldo No water
and only a quart bottle of brandy. Enough
bread to last about ten days. Calculate 1150
miles from nearest land. Are in long boat
twelve persons. Name of cap:ain, Sawyer.
Thirteen persons drowned. I am only one who
can write in Eugli.su language.
John Smith.
NEW WHATCOM FAILURE
Frightened Depositors Cause the
Collapse of the Bennett
National Bank.
Withdraw Their Money Because of the
Agitation in Favor of Free
Co nage.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Sept. 14.—
The Bennett National Bank of this city
closed its doors this morning, announcing
that owing to the steady withdrawal by
depositors during the last six weeks it
could not meet the demands made. In
the last month the withdrawals have been
160,000, which is over half of the deposits.
The run has been by people who were
frightened by the silver agitation and pre
ferred to have gold instead of running the
chances of being repaid in 53-cent dollars.
The bank closed last December, but
opened again under most promising cir
cumstances. A statement of assets and
liabilities cannot be secured until the
bank examiner arrives, but Cashier Baldy
states that the assets are in such shape
that they can be realized on quickly. The
total deposits at the last statement were
$106,000, leaving about $50,000 to the credit
of depositors.
TIBURON'S NOIRE
Officers Summoned From f-autalito to
Capture an Vffrndtr.
TIBURON, Cal., Sept. 14.— Joseph de
Wolfe, a deaf mute, ran amuck here last
night. He attacked his aged mother and
threw her into the street and started in to
"do up" the rest of the town. The con
stable of Tiburon was absent, so a steam
launch was sent to Sausalito for aid. Con
stable R. R. Garrity of that town, accom
panied by Deputy R. Barry, came over
and arrested the man.
De Wolfe was brought before Judge
Berude of Sausalito to-day and charged
with battery and disturbing the peace.
He was sentenced to sixty days in the
County Jail.
San Di'ao Hater Suit Decided.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 14.— An im
portant decision was rendered by Judge
Ross in the United States Court to-day, in
the case of C.iarles D. Banning, receiver
for the San Diego Land and Water Com
pany, vs. Jtl. C. Osborne et al. The suit is
an injunction to keep the defendants from
bringing injunction suits against the re
ceiver of the company. The opinion was
on exceptions to the answer. The effect
of the decision is that tne company could
fix the water rate in default of any order
by the Supervisors to that effect. The
opinion is a voluminous one, covering
many pages of typewritten manuscript.
strmnne Finh f»r Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
14. — The zoological department at Stan
ford has just received a valuable colle?
tion of unclassified trout, from Admiral
l3eardslee, "United States navy. Mr.
Beardslee, who is an enthusiastic fisher
man, discovered several new species of
trout in the lakes in Washington. These
were found to be such when classified at
Stanford. The latest consignment, which
he addressed to Dr. Jordan, arrived to-day.
As ssveral more new specimens are prob
ably among the collection the opening of
the case is awaited with interest.
♦ ,
Wanted, at Martinez.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept 14.— T. E.
Hughes was arrested here to-day on a tel
egraphic warrant from Sheriff R. R. Veal
of Martinez, Cal. The telegram stated
tbat Hughes wai a California and Ken
tucky ex-convict, and the instruction?
were tbat he would call at Wells, Fargo <fe
Co.'s Express office for a package. Hughes
is wanted at Martinez for felony. The de
tectives here had been on the lookout for
three days for their man, and after inces
sant yigril at the Union depot and express
office, whither the decoy package wasaent
they effected his capture this morning.
San' Rafael Divorce's Plaint. |
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 14 —Charles
Benson, Auditor and Recorder of Marin
County, appeared before Judi_-e Angelotti
to-day to have reversed the decision crant
ing to his divorced wife, Laura M. Benson
the custody of their child. The Judge!
after listening to the testimony, decided
the former decree should stand.
Whilom Bank Failure.
WH ATCOM. Wash., Sept. 14.— The Ben
nett National 8.-ink, which failed last No
vember, being some weeks later permitted
to open, has closed its doors again. De
positors, it is claimed, will be paiii in full.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
AGUA CALIENTE
SACHEM DEAD
Alejandro Barker Passes to
the Happy Hunting-
Grounds.
MOURNED BY HIS TRIBE
Weird Funeral Services Held
on the Great Warner
Ranch.
ONCE PK£V£NTED A MASSACRE
Saved a Party of Whites Frcm
Death at the Risk of His
Own Life.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 14.— Alejandro
Barker, chief of the Aqua Caliente In
dians on the great Warner rancn, died on
Friday, and the Indians have been hold
ing funeral services ever since. They will
elect a chief during the weefc. The funeral
services were weird in the extreme, and
the two or throe hundrea whites en
camped at the Hot Springs were edified
by an example of aboriginal ceremony.
The leading bucks gathered around the
camptire and one by one spoke with great
feeling, referring to the good qualities of
the fallen chief. The women sat at the
fire and kept it replenished and added
their unearthly wailing to the long howls
of the men. The body of the chief was
placed in the center of tne crowd, covered
with a blanket, and candles were burned
at his head and feet. His family was at
tended to by the medicine man during
the funeral.
Alejandro was a good man and a friend
of the whites. He favored schools, and
the Government school on xhe reservation
thrived through his efforts. His own
daughter speaks English as well as Span
ish and writes well. The family lives in a
respectable adobe house. Alejandro leaves
considerable property, consisting of crops,
horses and cattle.
Away back in 1876 there was great
trouble on the Warner ranch because of
the efforts of the owner to ejpet the In
dians, who, he claimed, were squatting on
the land surrounding the Hot Springs.
The ranch includes the Valle de San Jose
and San Jose del Valle, 33,000 acres in all.
The land at the springs is good, and the
Indians, who had considered it theirs
from time immemorial, refused to leave.
The result was a deadlock that was not
broken for a long time.
The owners formally ordered the In
dians off, and they again refused to stir.
Then harsher means were resorted to, and
officers were sent to eject the Indians. The
latter showed an ugly temper, and blood
sh< d was averted only by the withdrawal
of the officers. Meantime the owners went
to law. and when tue Indians saw there
was danger of losing their ancestral homes
they seceretly set tire to the house of the
ranch foreman, and planned to kill him
and all other representatives of the owner,
as well as any officers who came to inves
tigate the affair.
Then Alejandro Baker stepped in and
put a slop to the proceedings. He was
denounced by his tribe and was in danger
of death for some time, but his counsel
finally prevailed and tbe lives of the whites
were spared. Later the Indian* indorsed
his policy.
A case is now pending in court for the
ejection of the Indians from Aqua Caiiente.
It was begun by ex-Governor John G.
Downey, owner of the ranch, and is con
tinued by his heirs. Chief Alejandro,
through his superior intelligence, was a
great stumbling-block to Governor Dow
ney. The shrewd chief won his point as
long as he lived, the Indians being still at
Aqua Caliente, with the indications favor
able to theii staying as long as they want to.
A 'lied by a Mad Bull.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 14.— Jesus Mel
endrez, an old settler of San Rafael Valley,
Lower California, was gored to death by a
bull yesterday. A son of Melendrez was
injured so badly that he may also die.
Both men were after the bull and had suc
ceeded in lassoing him, but the riata parted
after the men dismounted from the horses.
They were charged upon and mangled in
sight of tlieir relatives, who were unable
to go to their assistance.
Death of John A. Young.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Sept. 14.— John N.
Young, one of the best-known residents of
the county, died last night of consumption,
aged 67. He came to the coast in 1859, and
for the following ten years was in the ship
ping business at San Francisco, coming to
San Diego in 1869. He was wealthy and
popular.
GIFT TO GLAS WOOD SCHOOL.
Colonel Stiles Purchases a Flag to Be
Hoi.it f<l by Scholars.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept 14.— Colonel
Evan Mile<, commanding the First in
fantry, now in camp at Garfield Park, has
endeared himself to the citizens of Santa
Cruz by his readiness to familiarize the
public with tie duties and responsibilities
of the rank and file of the army. One of
the con mendabie traits in his character
has jus: been found to be his loyalty to
thf> vi'lage school.
While en route to Santa Cruz he pitched
camp one night at Glenwood, fifteen miles
from Here. He learned that the school
house needed a flag and that a subscrip
tion was being taken up for the purchase.
He quietly remembered the fact and
ordered a dag for Miss Josie Coonev, who
presides over the school. She is a daugh
ter of Mrs, J. G. Cooney, grand senior
vice-president of the Catiiolic Ladies' Aid
Society.
On Satur lay next Colonel Miles, with
his regiment, will have a gala day at
G-lenwtio i. The First Infantry band will
play patriotic airs during the raising of
the nug and a ball in honor of the gallant
colonel and his staff will end the festivi
ties.
SANTA CRUZ CONCLAFE
Lndir* of the Catholic Church Will Meet
ii> ' onvrution.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 14.— A1l is
in readiness for the opening of the Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
at Hotel Del Mar to-morrow. Mass will
be celebrated by Rev. Father Hugh Mac-
Namee at 8:30 o'clock. Breakfast and a
reception will follow. Father McNamee
will, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, deliver
the address of welcome.
Mrs. Margaret Deaue, the council's grand
president !■ !■ Paris, and Mrs. J. G.
Coo.iev of this city, grmnd senior vice-
PreM'ient. will preside. The twenty-four
branches of the order, from all sections of
th- S atr. will send each two delegates.
Tics- vmi.li eleven grand directors an<j
officer- will make a gathering of nearly
seventy delegates in council. They will
be in session four days. One of the most
important matters in contemplation is the
establishment of a home for girls on a
large and undenominational plan.
The following are the grand officers:
Mrs. Margaret Deane, grand president;
Mrs. J. G. Cooney, grand senior vice
president; Mrs. Tnomas Keegan, Santa
Kosa, grand junior vice-president; Miss
Maria Flynn, Oak'and, grand treasurer;
Miss Margaret Curtis, grand secretary;
Mrs. Mary L. Lohse, Oakland., grand
deputy.
TA COMA'S SENSATIONAL SUIT.
The Late H. Cranston Potter's Widow
Brings Action to Collect His Life
Insurance.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 14.— A $15,000
suit is the sequel to the drowning of H.
Cranston Potter of Tacoma at the Cliff
House, Ban Francisco, last February. At
that time the insurance companies hold
ing risks on Potter's life made a thorough
investigation and it was supposed here
that a lawsuit to collect the insurance
might be necessary. The matter quieted
down and it was generally believed that
all policies had been paid until to-day,
when Mrs. Potter started a suit against
the Preferred Accident Insurance Com
pany of New York; for $15,000.
Potter took out a policy in 1894 for
$5000. The complaint does not detail the
nature of the policy, but says the value of
the paid-up policy for which it provided,
whereby the plaintiff could receive $10
weekly during tier natural life, is $10,000.
Judgment is accordingly asked for $15,000.
It is understood the insurance company
refused payment on the ground that Pot
ter came to his death throueh intoxica
tion.
Mrs. Potter and children are in London,
as guests of Mr. Potter's father. Potter
was a brotner of James Brown Potter and
a relative of Bishop Potter.
TIHBITTS AT SEATTLE.
The Mining Engineer JSn Jioute to Bis
Home From Buluwayo.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 14.— J. H. Tib
bitts, the South African mining engineer,
whose home is in San Francisco, passed
through Seattle to-night, en route to the
California metropolis. For a year past he
has been in the employ of Clark* Con
solidated Mining Company, iimited, at
Buluwayo, but his contracts were can
celed. Owing to the uprising of the
Matabeles being practically at an end,
Mr. Tibbitts expects a rush of English
and Americans and rapid development,
especially as regards mining, of Matabele-
Jand and Mashonaland, two states consti
tuting what is known as Rhodesia. Col
onel Rhodes he regards as a "good and
great man, whose ultimate aims and pur
poses are to transform Rhodesia into a
lull-fledged republic and not to make the
country a British possession, as has been
charged."
Tibbitts is accompanied by James B.
Hughes and George D. Mtlnford, New
York capitalists, who propose going ex
tensively into placer mining in Sierra
County, Cal., and A. L. Arundell, a Chi
caeo capitalist. The latter will remain for
a few days investigating mining proper
ties in this State.
Suicide Aear Made r a.
MADERA, Cal., Sept. 14.— Coroner
Payne was summoned this morning to the
ranch of George Hely to hold an inquest
over the body of a young man named W.
B. Hill, 27 years of age. from San Fran
cisco, who had committed suicide last
night. Hill had been Bent to the Hely
ranch from an employment bureau in San
Francisco and had only been here a short
time.
Seattle Ship- Building.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 14.— The rev
enue cutter Golden Gate, to be stationed
in San Francisco harbor, has reached that
stage of completion where it is ready for
its boilers, which are in transit from
Charleston, S. C. Robert Moran of the
firm of builders, stated to-day that the
Golden Gate would be ready to be placed in
service within thirty days from the arrival
of the boilers.
NEW TO-DAY.
HEADQUARTERS
REPDBUCAN
COUNTY COMMITTEE.
850 MARKET STREET.
Call for a Republican Municipal Pri-
mary and .nominating Con-
vention.
"OESOLVED, THAT THE REPUBLICAN
county Committee of the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, the same being
a committee authorized by rules and customs of
the Republican party of the State of California to
call elections for said party in the City and County
of San Francisco, for the purpose hereinafter
specified, does hereby call and order an election
to be held on Saturday, the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, by the qualified Republican voters of
the City and County of San Francisco, at the time
and places and for the purposes and subject to the
conditions and qualifications hereinafter set forth,
and that It is hereby declared and determined to
call, hold and conduct said election in accordance
I with the rules prescribed in Part 3, Title 11,
| Chapter 14 of the Political Code of the State of
{ California.
I Re.iolved, That said election shall be held on
I Saturday, September 19, 1896, in the various As-
i sombly districts of the City and County of San
| Francisco, as established by an act of the Legisla-
ture of California, entitled "An act to divide the
State into legislative districts, as required by sec-
tion 6. article IV of the constitution, and to pro-
vide for the election of Assemblymen and Senators
in such districts, approved March 11, 1891"; pro-
vided, however, that there shall be at least one and
not mure than two polling-places in each Assembly
district, as may hereafter be determined by the
executive committee; and the rolls shall be kept
open continuously between the hours of 12 o'clock
noun and? o'clock in the evening.
Resolved, That the County Commit teemen from
each Assembly district shall select election officers,
vis. : One Inspector, two Judges and two clerks or
each polling-place, the same to be submitted to the
executive committee for approval, also polling-
places, and that the executive committee thereof
sbali act as a returning or canvassing board and
take general charge of the primary herein called.
Resolved, That ail polling-places must be on tbe
ground floor and the ballot-box so placed as to be
seen from the sidewalk.
Resolved, That no barricades or other obstruc-
tions shall be erected or maintained in front of
any polling-place, but the said Dolling-places shall
be as free of all obstructions as they are at general
elections, and that no returns will be received or
counted as official from any polling-place where
this provision has been violated.
Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each
polling-place must remain in a plain and unob-
structed view from the opening of the polls to the
ciose. The ballot-box must be so placed that the
voter can easily see tbe top of the box and his bal-
lot deposited.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or soliciting
HEW to-dat:
Of votes shall be Dermitted within 100 feet of the
polls, and the committee requests the police offi-
cers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at all times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence at challengers.
'■ Resolved, That an official map of the district,
showing the boundaries of various precincts, shall
be posted in a conspicuous place outside the polls.
Resolved, That in addition to all other grounds of
challenge In the laws 01 the State governing gen-
eral elections 'this committee hereby directs and
orders that the following additional test be put to
voters: "I will pledge myself to vote for the nom-
inees of the Republican party at the coming elec-
tion.
Resolved. That the executive committee shall
procure and provide for each polling-place a ballot-
box as is used at the general election; also at least
two copies of the precinct register, embracing
within the boundaries of the Assembly district,
and for each particular polling-place one copy of
said precinct register must remain at all times in-
side of the polling-place: and retained by the elec-
tion board for the purpose of ascertaining whether
the name of the voter appears on the precinct reg-
ister, and to place a check opposite the name of
the voter after he has voted.
Resolved, That for this primary election only the
printed precinct registers used at the general elec-
tion held in November, 1894, shall be used, and
no person shall be permitted to vote whose name
does not appear on the precinct register In the
Assembly district In which he offers to vote.
Resolved, That the objects of said election are as
follows: • V i
First. ihe election of 243 delegates to consti-
tute a Republican Municipal, Legislative/Judicial
and Educational convention, to meet at 1 p. m. on
the 22d day of September, 1896, at the City and
County of San Francisco, to nominate candidates
for all municipal and judicial offices, and to make
such provisions for the nomination of candidates
for members of the Legislature of the State of
California to represent the various Assembly and
Senatorial districts of the City and County of San
Francisco to which said City and County Is en-
titled, all of said nominees to be voted for at the
general election to be held November 3, 1896, in
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, and for the transaction of such other
business as In the judgment of the convention may
be required for the benefit of the Republican party.
The apportionment of said delegates to said con-
vention will be as follows:
Two delegates at large from each Assembly dis-
trict, and one delegate for each 100 Republican
votes cast for Hon. M. M. Estee at the last general
election held November 6, 1894, and fraction of
100 of fifty or over as follows:
Twenty-eighth District 10
Twenty-ninth District 10
Thirtieth District . .....* n
Thirty-first Di5trict............. n
Thirty-second District %
Thirty-third District... .'....". 12
Thirty-fourth District J i$
Thirty-fifth District 12
Thirty-sixth District 14
Thirty-seventh District 17
Thirty-eighth District.. 15
Thirty-ninth District is
Fourtieth District ..'. 17
Forty-first District is
Forty-second District. Ie
Forty-third District... 14
Forty-fourth District 13
Forty-fifth District 10
Total .243
Resolved, That the time and manner of the pub-
lishing of this call shall be a.i follows:
Printed copies of this call shall be posted at each
of. the polling places for this primary election In
the City and County of San Francisco, and also in
various other places throughout the City, and pub-
lic notice of the posting of this call shall be given
by advertisement in a paper or general circulation
In the City and County of San Francisco.
Resolved, That' in 1 onformity with the law no
person shall be allowed to vote at the publican
primary to be held on the 18th day of September,
1896, in said City and County of San Francisco, in
any polilnc place thereof, unless his name shall be
found enrolled in the register of voters in force
and in use at the last general election, held on the
6th day of Novemoer, 1894.
Resolved, That all ballots voted at the primary
election must be 12 Inches long and 6 inches in
width, and the paper shall be of uniform color and
printed upon paper furnished by the executive
committee, and shall be in type required by the
election laws in force November, 1890, "and in a
form prescribed by the executive committee, and
no other ticket than those in accord with these re-
quirements will be received, the wording to be as
follows: .
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT '
— FOR —
1. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
2. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
3. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
4. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
The numbers to be followed consecutively ac-
cording to the number of delegates which each
district may be entitled to.
Resolved, That within one hour after the can-
vass of the votes of each polling place, and when
all the returns ' have been properly signed and
sealed by the election board and clerks of election,
the returns must be brought in in properly sealed
packages by one of the election board, designated
1 by the board for that purpose, to the chairman of
the executive committee, 850 Mar street, who
shall mark on each package received by * him the
date and hour of the day of its receipt. He shall
also give a receipt to the party from whom he re-
ceives the package. ' The chairman of the execu-
tive committee shall take all necessary care and
precaution for the safe keeping of all packages de-
livered to him and to keep them in his custody
intact and unopened until the time designated for
the opening of the canvass of the returns.
Resolved, That the executive committee shall
fill all vacancies of primary election officers and
make all changes In the pollfbg places.
Resolved, That all precincts or districts where
Republican voters fall to vote for the apportion-
ment of delegates to which they may be entitled,
or where fraudulent work at the primary Is proven
beyond question to the executive committee, then'
the executive committee will appoint delegates to
represent said district.
Resolved, That this committee hereby declares
In most emphatic terms that if it shall appear at
any polling place that there has been j any wrong
! or fraud committed or any law violated, or that
the voters have in a manner been intimidated, or
that any bona fide Republican has been de-
barred or' prevented from freely exercising his
right to vote, the executive committee will set
aside and declare . null and void the election at
such polling; place, and take such steps as may be
deemed necessary and advisable to give the repre-
sentation to which said Assembly District may he
entitled to under this call.
Resolved, .That the said executive committee
shall meet at 8 o'clock p. m. on the day of said
primary and remain continuously in session until
returns of said primary are canvassed, and they
shall then, by resolution, declare which delegates
are entitled to their credentials.
Resolved, That no proxies shall be accepted by
this convention.
'Resolved, That the executive committee Is here-
by endowed and authorized to taice any and all
actions they may deem necessary, not In conflict
with the provisions of this call.
The election officers will receive their creden-
tials and election paraphernalia at the rooms of
the County Committee.
Adopted at a regular meeting of the County
Committee held September 10, 1896.
CHAS. W. MAN WARING,
Chairman
' Republican County Committee.
JNO. M. CHRETIEN,
Chairman
Executive Committee Republican County Com-
mittee.
GROVE P. AYKES,
v Secretary
Executive Committee Republican County Com-
mittee. V '
-JOHN JACKSON, ■
Secretary
Republican County Committee.
34
ARCATA'S SAD
LIST OF DEAD
Another Added to the Roll
of Bridge Disaster
Victims.
FIVE CANNOT RECOVER.
Additional Force of Surgeons
Summoned to Care for
the Injured.
JUEOES PLACING THE BLAME.
Timbers Over the Stream Found to
Have Been Weak— Story of a
Survivor.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 14.— Until day
light this morning surgeons from Eureka
and Arcata worked over the unfortunates
who were injured in the railroad bridge
disaster near Arcata yesterday. A num
ber of wounded were taken to the Arcata
Sanitarium and others are being cared for
at the homes of friends or relative:?. At
10 o'clock last night the corps of physicians
already in attendance was found to be in
adequate to promptly minister to the suf
ferers. Additional aid was procured from
Eureka in Drs. Gross, McKinnon, Felt, j
Sinclair and Wallace.
The number of dead is now five. They j
are: Annie Holland, Ada Kirkham, i
Brakeman Alexander Cameron and the
two children of David Wood. Mrs.
Gregori and child and Engineer George
Burke are not expected to live through !
the night. Many of those who appeared |
slightly hurt last night are to-day con
fined to their beds. New maladies in- |
duoed by internal injuries are developing |
continually. It is believed the list of |
dead will be increased to ten names.
At Korbel, the end of the line, prepara
tions were being made during the night to
run a wrecking train. Bright and early this
morning the wreckers arrived at the
scene of the accident. It was their inten
tion to prepare the track to that the
United States mail could pass. Nothing
was done, however, until the Coroner had
finished the taking of testimony and in
specting tne timbers of the bridge. Over
the perpendicular banks the wreckers
made their way to the bed of the river, on
the blood-stained rocks of which the
debris of the diminished train was heaped.
Nothing remained intact; everything was
-mashed into splinters.
Louis Everding, manager of the lliver
side Mill and Lumber Company, was in
terviewed to-day at the scene of the dis
aster by a Call representative. He was
in the last car which crashed through the
trestle to the rocty river bed, forty feet
below, and came out of the wreck without
a scratch. W hen questioned concerning
his miraculous escape, Mr. Everding said:
"I attribute it to the cigar which I wus
fmoking. It was a long one, and I waited
in the smoker to finish it, intending to
enter the next car and chat with Miss
Holland. We lived at the same station
and were well acquainted. I had just I
risen from the seat when 1 heard a crack
ing noise. Then came a deafening roar,
above which could be beard the shrieking j
of terrified passengers. The cause ol the
appaling din dashed through my mind
in an instant and I waited patiently for
the end. It seemed Jike an age and my
thoughts came thick and fast. To me in
those few seconds it was like being whirled
through miles of space."
When asked his first thought after realiz
ing what happened, Everding answered :
"I remember it distinctly and it was this:
That in case of my death I would leave my
wife and child an insurance policy large
enough to keep them from want." Then
my ideas became mixed.
"When the train started downward," he
resumed, "I was near the car door. Be
fore I knew anything more the safe usea
by Wells. Fargo & Co. had wedged me
into a corner. Then what a noise! We
had reached the rocks. I was hurled out
of the open door and remained uncon
scious for a few peconds. The air was
filled with dust and Hying splinters. The
aust cleared away and I got up. There
were people around me iv all positions,
but no one moved. Then it came to me
that they were not all dead, but merely
stunned. Broken timbers hanging to the
bridge were vigorously swinging to and
fro like pendulums. Every once in a while
one would fall to the earth.
"I called to know if all were dead, and
heard cries for help. Then, with the as
sistance of Fireman Burke, wbom I liber
ated from the wreck, I dia ail that I could
to remove the dead and relieve the suffer
ing. The first body I saw was that
of Misj Annie Holland. Death came to
her instantly, for her neck was broken.
If I had finished my cigar five seconds
sooner I would certainly have been killed
in the same manner."
Mr. Everding believed that the bridge
was safe enough, and that the engine must
have jumped the track, as he had known
four times the weight of the collapsed
train to have passed over the bridge dur
ing the last week.
Every one is loud in praise of Lou Ever
ding's bravery and perfect cooldchs. Be
sides many wounded who were benefited
by his timely aid, two persons were saved
by him from certain death. They are
Mrs. Edward Minor and Henry Burke.
The former was being strangled to death
by a massive cross beam and Burke was
being crushed under the debris.
All of the train employes are either
dead or in the sanitarium at Arcata. Those
who were interviewed were loth to express
their opinion regarding the cause of the
disaster. Engineer Burke, who is ex
pected to die form the effects of scalds re
ceived from the bursting of the boiler, at
tributes the calamity to the weakness of
the cross beams, some of which are much
decayed. The crew which operated the Ill
fated train was not the regular shift, but
belonged to a logging train, the regular
crews being relieved on Sunday.
The revised list of the wounded, as
learned from a visiting physician, is as
follows:
Mrs. Edward Minor, daughter of Thomas
Devlin, fusion candidate for the Assembly,
fracture of the kneejoint and left arm
broken. She is also suffering from scalp
wounds.
The Misses Vintera, nieces of Anton
Korbel, one of the owner* of the road,
badly injured. Annie suffered a broken
leg and Mary is in a critical condition from
a broken rib and internal injuries.
Dan Mahoney of Blue Lake, suffering
from a fractured rib. His young child's
jaw is broken.
George Burke, the engineer, is horribly
burned about the hips and is rapidly sink
ing.
A sad case is that of the family of David
Wood, the bookkeeper, at Glendale. He
has a broken rib and gash on the head
from ear to ear. H;s wile ia suffering from
a broken hip and a fractured pelvis bone.
His youngest child is badly injured about
the head, and Sidney, a bright three-year
old girl, cannot, recover.
An Italian family named Gregori figures
in another sad case. The mother has a
depressed fracture of the cranium, and her
upper left arm is broken. She has been
unconscious since the accident, and little
hopes are entertained for bar recovery.
One child has a broken arm and the baby
is so badly injured that it will die. The
husband is much bruised.
Conductor Harvey Sammonsis afflicted
with a severe contusion of the back. His
chances for recovery are eood.
The others injured are Rosie Budeth, an
American peddler, badly bruised; Herman
Sanders, leg badly cut ; A. Banders, slightJ v
injured; Cbarlesßurke, painfully scalded;
Pven Johnston, severely crushed; Grant
Warren, injured about head. Several more
received slight injuries.
Word was received to-night from Korbel
that Mrs. Cameron, widow of the dead
brakematf, is in a critical condition, in
duced by the shock which news of her
husband's death caused.
STANFORD'S MUSICAL TALENT.
Glee and Mandolin Clubs of the University
Reorganized for the
Season.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat,., Sept.
14. — The names of the Glee Club, as it now
stands, were posted for the first time to
day. The following members will begin
practice immediately, and from their
number four in each part will be ulti
mately chosen:
First tenor— new members— J. Brunton '99,
G. H. Frost '99, F. B. Riley '00, D. B. Dawson
•00; old members— Sewall '98, Sutherland '98.
Second tenors— new members — R. D. Roberts
'00, L. R. Macy '90; old members— C. H.
Decker '98, \V. C. McNeil '98, Ueorge Bußh '98,
F.Schneider '98.
First bass— new members— William McChes
ney'9B, W. C. Morrow ' 99. William McUuire
'Ql, A. J. Van Keathoven '00; old members—
W. T. Young '97, V. F. Abbott '98, C. S. Dillon
'99.
Second bass— new members— Snipes '98, R.
X Wilbur '99, J. F. Lauegan 'OO; old mem
bers—A. G. Kaufman '97, C. V. H. King '99.
The first concert is billed for October 3
in San Jose. Other concerts will be eiven
at Stanford Vniversity, Salinas, Watson
ville, Santa Cruz, Petaluma and Santa
Kosa. A grand concert of all the musical
clubs is planned for Thanksgiving evening
in San Francisco after the intercollegiate
football game.
Following is a list of the Varsity Man
doiin Club members from which twelve
members are to be finally selected:
First mandolins— Wells '97, Sewall '98,
Lannegan '00, Arnold '00.
Second mandolins— Bartholomew '99, Kauf
man *97> Cotton '00.
Third inandolins— Noble '98, Leventritt '99.
First guitars— Wilson' 90, Porter '98, Mc
j Guire '97, Nichols '00.
Second pultars — Sladcn '98, Durrell '98,
Seward '00, McChesney '98, Logan '98,
Welsh '98.
Mandol— Dillon '99.
Flute— Rice '98.
The women of the university are not to
j be outdone by the men, and they too, have
| reorganized their Mandolin Club, and will
practice reeulariy under the supervision of
W. Biddle Wella. The Co-eds' Mandolin
! Club is as follows:
Mandolins— Misses Gerrichs '97, Whener
'93. Frank '98, Stark '00. F.bberhard 'i>7,
McCall '00, Lake, '00, Cohii '97.
Guitars — Kisses Wigle "95, Hyde '93.
Crowell '08, Temple '00, Austiu 00.
SAN JOSE MURDER CASE
Harvey Alleiider Arraigned for
the Killing of Wally
Feilner.
1
The Defendant Will Make His Fight
for Life Upon the Insanity
Plea.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 14.— The trial of
Harvey Allender on the charge of murder
ing Mi9s Wally Feilner began before
Judge Lorigan this morning. On Sunday,
August 9, Allender shot and killed Miss
Feilner and Venanz Crossetti on North
Third street while the couple were walk
ing together. Allender had been jilted
' by Miss Feilner.
Attorneys Moorehouse and Kerwin ap
| pear for the defendant. From questions
put to talesmen the defense will undoubt
edly be insanity. The courtroom was
crowded with spectator?. The day was
occupied in selecting a jury, nine being
secured.
•-
THE LETTER NOT A WILL
j Decision Rendered in the Contest for the
Meade Estate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 14.— Dr. Eutha
nasia S. Meade, a practicing physician of
this city, died very suddenly some months
ago . leaving ,an estate valued at over
$20,000.' No will could be found among
: her effects and her only known relative
was a brother, Porter Sherman of Kansas
City, Kans. - Shortly after her death a
mother of the deceased, Mrs. Patience
Sherman of North Michigan, filed a peti
tion for letters of administration on her
daughter's estate. Subsequently a letter
Mrs. Meade had left for W. L. Wood
row, an undertaker, giving directions for
the cremation of her body, was filed for
probate as the last will and testament of
the dececeased by Public Administrator
Secord. — - ■•. -. . .
In the letter Mrs. Meade stated that the
only one she cared to have advised of her
death was her brother. Porter Sherman of
Kansas City, Kans. The last paragraph
of the letter, and by which it was claimed
the document was her last will, is as fol
lows: "
! My brother, Porter Sherman, will take charge
of mv estate and be the sole administrator
without bonds, to trade, sell or occupy, as may
seem to him fit. *
Judge Reynolds this morning rendered
a decision in the matter, sustaining the
demurrer filed by Mrs. Patience Sherman
to the petition of the Public Administra
tor, and dismissed the petition. The court
held there was no word which could be
applied to make the letter a will such as
the law requires, and being so materially
deficient it could not be recognized as a
will. An appeal will probably be taken to
! the Supreme Court. •
**>
JFatlure of a Grocer.
• SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 14.— Denis Cork
ery, a grocer at the corner of Pleasant and
Santa Clara streets, to-day filed a petition
in insolvency. His liabilities amount to
$39,000. The assets are placed at $43,000
and include the lot and building at Santa
Clara and Pleasant streets, valued at
$25,000. The property -is subject to a
mortgage of $11,000.
. ■ ♦ .
VISIT LAKE TAHOE
Southern Pacific Jinllroad Officials Be
come Interested in beenery. ■
TALLAC. Lake Tahoe, Cal., Sept. 14. -
A railroad party, consisting of Charles F.
Crocker, H. E. fluntington. J. Krutt
schnitt, Jerome Hart, C. B. Alexander of
New York and J. B. Wright, arrived at
Tallac yesterday, via Placerville, and re
mained until to-day. They report the
route from Placerville as one of scenic
grandeur— one which should be exten
sively traveled. Of the lake they Bay that
itis the grandest place in the world and
the ideal summer resort of the coast.
When interviewed as to the proposed
railroad between Truckee and Tahoe T City
the railroad men averred that there was
absolutely no truth in the report, and
that while it might be constructed in the
future, it would not be for several years.
The party left Tallac on the steamer Me
teor to-day and went around the lake
visiting all points of interest. Shortly be
fore ibsir departure they were joined by
W. F. Herrin mid Hall McAllister, rail
road attorneys. The entire party were
conveyed to Truokee by private convey
ance, and a special train returned them to
San Francisco.
; ' — — — ■ — • — * — • :
; Bobrow on sealskins, silks and Jewels at Uncle
■ Hams'. 15 Grant avenue.
THE SAIN ifKAJN CISCO CA.LL., TUESDAY, BJSfTICTMrKiCR 15, ioi;o.
A BUSY DAY AT
PACIFIC GROVE
Methodists Pass Upon a
Grist of Topics in
Conference.
SUNDAY TRAVEL BARRED
Riding on Bicycles or Trains on
the Sabbath Declared
Ungodly.
APPOINTMENTS ARE DELAYED
Adjournment Postponed Until the
Assignments to Pastorates
Are Made.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 14.— The
Methodist Conference opened with prayer
this morning, Bishop Foss presiding. A
heavy day's business was transacted,
morning, afternoon and evening sessions
being held.
Rev. August Patterson, whose present
whereabouts seems to be unknown, was
reported as not having located in com
pliance with the instructions of last year's
California conference, and it was again
ordered that he locate or be put on trial
next year for unacceptability. To locate a
minister means to change him from a
regular to a local preacher. Rev. J. E.
Bailey was also requested to locate. Rev.
W. P. S. Duncan was withdrawn from the
ministry aud membership in the confer
ence. He is suffering from a malady which
unfits him for work. Rev. N. R. Peck, a
superannuated minister, said he had an
swered to his name at the first rollcall for
forty annual conferences, and that it was
i very hard to be a superannuate and un
able to preach for the Lord.
Rev. M. C. Briggs offered to the minis
-1 ters for circulation petitions for the
| passage of a Bible law. The conference i
j requested the Bishop to appoint him field I
i secretary of the State Sabbath Association.
Rev. J. E.Wickes of Richland. who became
insane during the year from overwork, and
! Rev. John Appleton, were placed on tUe
' superannuated list.
The conference next year will be held at
! Pacific Grove.
The committee of Lay Association dele
' gates, Mrs. C. C. Lombard, Mrs. William
Abbott and Mrs. Dr. Cronemiller, was re
ceived by the conference, Mrs. Cronemiller ■
; making an address. In reply. Bishop Foss
! said that the reception of lay delegates
into the general conference would greatly
augment the work of the church. This
was applauded.
"I want to say to laymen," said the
I Bishop, "you can never get this reform
with your fists doubled up. We have al
together too many voting in this country
now who cannot read. [Applause.] I
want to see equal Jay and ministerial rep
resentation. [Applause.] You ought to
welcome all pastors wheiher you preferred
them first or not. You must remember |
that ministers surrender their right to
choose appointments and you must sur
render your right to choose, or else the
system cannot survive."
The conference tru?tees appointed are:
Revs. Wesley Dennett. 11. B. Heacock, J.
: D. Hammond, E. R. Dille, F. D. Bovard
i Robert Bentley, T. 1). Hopkins, \V. W.
I Case and W. S. Criuy.
A resolution commending Rev. W. S. !
Goodwin of California-street Methodist
j Church, San Francisco, to the fellowship
I of the Southern California Conference was
, adopted. A collection for Miss Donia
\Y innine for services as conference organ
ist netted $15 20.
Rev. P. F. Jewell presided at the after
noon session, the Bishop aud his cabinet
beine engaged in fixing appointments.
Chaplain Macomber, U. S. A., of Angel \
Island, offered the opening prayer.
The committee on Bible cause recom
mended increased zeal in the circulation
of Bibles and indorsed the American Bible
Society. The committee on Chinese mis
sions reported a year of hard work and !
spiritual progress. Progress was also re- I
ported by tho committee on church exten
sion. Conference and State league con
ventions during the conference year were
recommendea by the committee on Ey>
worth League, which reported that the
young people of the California conference
were, almost without exception, enrolling
themselves under the Epworth League
banner. The new officers of the Confer
ence League are: President, F. D. Bovard;
vice-presidents— Napa, L. J. Norton; Sac
ramento, George D. Kellogg; San Fran
cisco, H. E. Snook; Oakland." A. W. Bene
dict; financial secretary, G. W. Beatty.
The committee on evange.ist work re
ported the recommendations that a con
ference evangelist be not appointed, as
there were ministers iv the conference
who could do the work.
The freedmen'a aid and southern edu
cation Committee recommended that a
whole day of the conference ought to be
given to that cause. It reported 9000 stu
dents and expressed a need for more
money to carry on the work. The report
stated that ?42,000 would not be too
much.
Progress was reported in Japanese mis
sion work.
The committee on missionary society
urged more collections and a wider distri
bution of missionary literature.
Rev. E. R. Dille of the committee on
Fred Finch Orphanage reported a pros
perous year; 117 inmates, 500 admissions
of orphans during the five years the or
phanage has been open, the need of a kin
dergarten, accommodations for a total of
140 children, cash on hand September 1
inst. $2908 07, and recommended the sd
pointiuent of an orphanage committee in
each conference charge. Rev. Robert
Bentley, president of the orphanage, ad
dressed the conference and said the or
phanage needed money.
A lively debate followed the report of
the committee on Sabbath observance,
condemning railroad and bicycle riding
on Sunday, the newspapers and every
thing else that was regarded as desecrating
the Sabbath. Rev. Wesley Dennett called
attention to the fact with emphasis that
presiding elders ride on railroad trains on
Sunday, and said the conference would
stultify itself by adopting the report. Dr.
M. D. Buck spoke earnestly against Sun
day travel. This brought Rev. Alfred
Kummer of Oakland to his feet. He said
tuat a portion af the report was "an at
tempt to legislate for toe individual con
science," and he was opposed to that. He
moved to strike out that part of the report
which unqualifiedly condemned Sunday
travel.
Rev. Dr. Dille said that the use of street
cars and other public conveyances on Sun
day was proper; if not, where would Dr.
Case's Howard-street Church and Central
Church be? Rev. Dr. Case arose and said
he would rather that the Howard-street
Church went into the ground and the Cen
tral Church went out and all streetcars bb
abandoned than break down the bunday
laws. The debate ended in the adoption
of the orip'nal report.
The Sunday-school Union committee re
ported an average attendance at Sunday
schools of the United State* during the
year of 1,683,523. Bix hundred and forty
six new schools were organized and thou
sands of converts made during the year.
It recommended that the annual confer
ence give a half day or an evening to con
sideration of Sunday-school work. Metho
dist peoole were also recommended to
patronize the booK concern.
The temperance committee, by Rev. J.
W. Simmons, in it 9 report called all per
sons engaged in liquor traffic criminals.
Dr. J. K. McLean, representing the
Congregational Association, arrived to-day
to prevent the proposition of interdenom
inational comity to the conference. The
committee to whom the matter was re
ferred reported at the evening session
against co-operation on the interdenomi
national plan, on the ground that it was
against the genius and comity of the
Methodist church. A vigorous, broad
gauge speech was delivered by Rev. E. P.
Dennett, who moved that a committee be
appointed to take the matter under delib
erate consideration and report at the next
conference. On motion of Rev. Dr. Fil
ben, the presiding elders were instructed
to oppoint a standing committee of five for
tnis purpose.
Some cogs have slipped in the matter of
appointments. Bishop Foss sent word to
the conference about 5 o'clock this after
noon that he would not announce the ap
pointments to-day. This meant that con
ference would have to adjourn till to-mor
row. An extra day's session is something
that has not been had before in years.
The Ladies' Aid, Mrs. Rev. M. D. Buck
presiding, held a meeting in the forenoon
and decided to ask for a place on next
year's conference programme, and Mrs.
William Abbott and Mrs. C. J. Hardy
were appointed a committee on constitu
tion and by-laws to report at the next an
nual meeting.
Chairman Q. W. Beatty's report of the
committee on statistics shows: Number
on probation, 2300; members in full, 17,000;
total membership, 19,300; number of Sun
day-schools, 264; membership of schools,
24.386; library books, 21,000; paid on build
ing and improvements, f 36,000; paid on
old indebtedness, $15,000; paid in salaries.
$132,500. The membership and Sunday
schools show an increase, but the benevo
lent collections and salaries show a de
crease.
BODEGA'S CELEBRATION.
Stviss Resident* of Sonoma Mil Observe
Their Rational Holiday.
, SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 14.— six
hundred and fifth anniversary of Swiss
Independence will be celebrated in grand
style by hundreds of Swiss people at the
town of Bodega, near this sity, to-morrow.
Elaborate preparations have been made
and all kinds of amusements arranged
for. A band from San Francisco will be
in attendance to supply music for dancing
on a large platform that has been erected
in the open air.
Georee Adami will be president of the
day. Hon. Frank J. Murphy of Santa
Rosa will deliver an oration in English,
and Dr. Henry j. Sartori of San Francisco
will speak in Italian. J. SudalotU will
marshal the parade, assisted by a corps of
aids. There has been a general exodus of
Swiss residents in different parts of the
county to the scene of the festivities.
AN ATTORNEY'S DISGRACE
George Hayford Is Held to An
swer for Felony Embsz
zlement.
George Hayford, an attorney, was yes
terday held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan on the charge of
felony embezzlement, and his bonds were
fixed at $3000.
Hayford was arrested about two weeks
ago on complaint of Mrs. Susan Cunning
ham, a poor widow, who lives on Bryant
street. He made representations to Judge
Daingerfield, who released him on bis
own recognizance. Since then several
continuances were granted, but the case
came up for examination yesterday.
The evidence for tbe prosecution
showed that Mrs. Cunningham owned a
lot on Gilbert street, which was mort
caged to Michael Curran. The mortgage
became overdue, and Attorneys Curran
and Francoeur were about to institute
foreclosure proceedings, when, through
Attorney Hayford, who had been em
ployed by Mrs. Cunningham, a compro
mise was effected by which she executed
to tbe mortgagor a deed to the property
in consideration of the sum of $125.
Hayford on August 25 received from
Curran and Francoeur the $125 and $10 as
his fee, and euve them a receipt for the
$13"). Mrs. Cunningham made repeated
demands for tbe money, but only received
$3, and finally, she said, Hayford ad
mitted that the balance had passed out of
his hands. He bad deposited the money
to his personal account, ana the bank, he
said, had taken possession of n to satisfy
a note which he had indorsed.
After the evidence for the prosecution
was in Hayford asked for a continuauce
till Thursday to enable him to subpena
his witnesses. The Judge replied that he
had had two weeks already to procure bis
witnesses, and he should have had them
present. He refused to grant a continu
ance.
Hayford offered no defense, and the
Judge in holding him to answer talked to
him plainly but forcibly. He told him
there was no possible excuse for his con
duct, and the Bar Association should take
up his case and purge his name from the
roll of membership, as well as others who
disgraced the profession. He felt sorry
that it should devolve upon him to hold a
member of the bar to answer to a charge
of felony, but he had to do his duty.
Haylord was unable to procure bonds
and was sent to the County Jail.
CARE FOR THE FORESTS.
The Wanton Destruction That
Pro'essor Brewer Has Seen
in Some Places.
Professor William H. Brewer, for whom
Mount Brewer was named, and who ex
plored many of the high mountains of
California while in charge of a division of
the United States Geological Survey in
the early sixties, will leave for his home
at New Haven. Conn., to-day. The dis
tinguished gentleman has for many ye<:rs
been professor of agriculture at Yale. He
feels that he can take no more time to ex
amine into the forests of the West and
Pacific Coast as a member of the United
States forestry Commission.
Yesterday he visited the site of Golden
Gate Park. It was the first time he had
been there in thirty-two years. There was
no park then, only a waste of shifting
sand. It was so unpromising a site and
so remote from the then City that he rec
ommended the university be not estab
lished there. There were no roads then,
no means of communication. The sand
dunes were windswept and desolate be
yond words. All this tne professor told at
the Palace last evening. But when he
went there yesterday be was surprised De
yond measure at the beauty of the place.
"I regard it as one of the most wonder
ful parks in tbe world," he said. "The
variety of the trees and shrubs and the
beauty of its turf was little less than a
revelation. It used to be supposed no
grass could be raised there. When I first
had to do with the park there was a board
fence put around a part of it, and the sand
blew arouna it and covered it from view.
The Golden Gate Par* is a place of exceed
ing interest to me.
"A word about the forests, whose condi
tions the Government has a«ked Professor
Sargent, General AbDott, myself and others
to examine into, and in whose Interests
Professor John Muir has generously vol
unteered to aid us while we are in Cali
fornia. The commission has been oat
since July 1, and has visited the Black
Hills, the forests of Montana, Idaho,
Eastern Washington, the Blue Mountains,
the Cascades in Oregon and Washington,
the Olympics, and finally the Mount
Shasta ana other regions in California.
"I suppose there is no m&n in California
who has personally seen more or as much
of the State as I have. While in charge
of the Geological Survey in the early days
I footed it over the mountains for some
thing near 4000 miles, and also rode on
horseback and inuleback over 10,000 miles
more.
"I want to say a word about Mount
Shasta. When we were there recently,
looking about for several days, we found
the region preatly denuded of its trees
that once added so much to its beauty.
We counted thirty mills about there that
had used this timber. Everywhere great
waste was shown. Lands had been made
worthless for future use, and some of it
had reverted to the Government because
the taxes were unpaid.
"I notice the same thinphas occurred in
other parts of the State. Tne water sup
ply has. because of the ruthless destruc
tion of the trees, been reduced 40 per cent,
while the general damage is much greater.
Lands that was once ferule in tne little
valleys and produced crops are now dry
and deserted.
"And, as in the case of Mount Shasta,
much of the beauty as a resort has been
destroyed. Had the forests been pre
served tourists would go there in large
numbers each year and they would be a
constant source of revenue. Galifornians
should wake up and take care ol their
forests."
AFRO-AMERICAN LEAGUE.
A Rousing Mass-Meeting Held
in the Auditorium Last
Night.
The Political Situation Reviewed by
Speakers of the Colored and
White Races.
The Auditorium was crowded to the
doors last evening, the occasion being a
Republican mass-meeting, held under the
auspices of the Afro-American. Republi
can League. Not only were the colored
citizens and their wives and daughters
there, but hundreds of patriotic Republi
cans of all classes were present. On the
stage were many members of the league.
Miss Minnie bcott, president of the
Women's Afro- American League, and
many of her lady associates were present
as vice-presidents, while interspersed
among them were Mrs. Addie L. Ballon
and other ladies of the Women's State
Republican Club.
T. B. Morton presided, and after extend
ing a hearty welcome said :
As Afro-Americans we have not forgotten
the historical events which carry us back in
grateful remembrance of the heroic deeds of
tne Republican party during the great rebel
lion. From out of the smoke and turmoil of
hundreds of battles there looms up before us
in this ouiet hour of peace that tall form of
one of the world's greatest heroes.
Ills right arm is extended, and with a most
kindly countenance he points to the emanci
pation proclamation, which strikes the calling
letters of slavery from millions of human
beings.
As the vision fades from sight a banner is
unfurled, not of. any strange device, but the
symbol of a Nation's grandeur and glory.
Rev. H. J. Callis was presented and de
livered an interesting address, touching
upon the allegiance the colored race owe
to the Republican party. He spoke of
home industries and the fact that in some
parts of the United States the workshops
are closed to the negro. He said that the
country owes to the negro the chance to
work.
W. E. Henderson was introduced as the
silver-tongued orator of Southern Cali
fornia, and he did justice to the title in
his comparison of tne records of the two
great political parties and a discussion of
the silver question. He was loudly ap
plauded.
The Afro-American League, under tne
direction of Mr. Green, rendered several
pleasing songs.
George A. Knight was loudly applauded
by the audience. Mr. Knight uninten
tionally stepped upon the toes of the offi
cers of the league, so to speak, by declar
ing that he did not like a prefix to the
name American. "There is no Irish-
American, German-American, Franco-
American or Afro-American.
"They are either Americans, pure and
simple, or they are something else." Pres
ident Morton, later in the evening, said
that he would defend the name Afro-
American Leasrue. Mr. Knisht aroused
considerable enthusiasm, Jand in conclu
sion said: "The Republican party has al
ways given you protection, and I ask you
to stand by that party, for when you do
so you are simply helping yourselves."
D. B. O'Brien, the nominee for Congress
from tbe Fourth District, made a rousing
speech, in which he attacked the policy of
James G. Maguire, President Cleveland
and "the boy orator of the Platte."
Thomas Pierson was introduced as one
who was born a slave and had been twice
sold in slavery. Mr. Pierson reviewed tho
political history of the United States and
concluded by making a strong plea for
woman's suffrage.
' nw TO-PAT.'
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and "Women. .
Diseases or young;, middle.
aged and old men which vreaKen
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its - distressing
forms, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Jferres and
Blood, if you have a dizziness of th«
bead and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
impending- danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy . and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease ot
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
hare no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. ! ■ Diseases
of Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured. .
Ton can be . cured at home.
Write your troubles if livine. away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address :, . /.
RR r I QWPINY : 737 Market St.
UN. I. L. UHLAN I , . San^raadsco, CM.
NEW TO-DAT.
For Bilious and Xervous disorders such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache,
Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushincs
of Heat, Loss of appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed
Sleep, Friahtful Dreams and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc., when these symptoms
are caused by constipation, as most of them are. THE FIRST POSE WILL GIVE BE-
LIEF IN TWENTY MINUTES. This is no fiction. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to
try one box of those Pills and they -will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as directed, will quickly restore females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregularities of tho system. Fora
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic— a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs, strengthening th«
muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen edge of appetite,
and arousing with the Kosebud or Health the wholn physical energy of the human
frame. These are facts admitted by thousands, in all classes of society, and one of the best
guarantees to the Xervous and Debilitated is that ltcecham's Pills have the Largest
Sale of auf Patent Medicine in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. S. Agents, B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
York, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application.
mew TO-DAT. .
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
9 STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
rt $1.60.
BIG
CUT
IN ..
DOUGLAS
SHOES.
That high fence interferes with our trade. Xo
one can deny it. It hurts us, and we have to sell
cneap to do business. This week we will sell
.Douglas' Boys' and V oaths' Button or Lace Shoes
below cost. Almost giving them away. Special
price 81.60. reduced from 92. Sizes in Button
shoes rom 11 to 5%; sizes in Lace Shoes from
11 to 41/j.
SPECIAL— Ladles' Don cola Kid Oxfords, square
or pointed toes and V-shaped patent leather tips,
solid wearers, sizes 2% to 6, reduced for thin week
from 91, 50 to 7 Tie. Every pair guaranteed.
K3~ Country orders solicited.
MS" Send for New Illustrate! Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
IP Third Street. San Francisco.
DR.MCNULTY.
fTIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPE- " I
1 ciallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND |
XERVOUSDISEABES ONLY. He stop* I
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Bores and Swellings; Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses or Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effect*. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
•art. Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Disease* or Hoys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re- ■■
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs.
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri- |
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. ■.
Hoars— 9 to 3 dtlly; 6:80 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and »*■
credjy confidential. Call on or address
P. KOSCUK JIcNCLTY, M. D.,
Kearny St.. San Francisco, Gal.
49" Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
SDR. BALI'S REISYHSORATOR
THIS SECRET REMEDY stops
all losses in 24 hours. Restores
Manhood. Enlarges £mall Organs,
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varico-
cele, (.ionorrhiua, Gleet. Fits, Stric-
tures, Blood Disease and all waiting
effects of Self- Abuse or Excesses.
Scut sealed, $2 per bottle, TURKU i
BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure any cosa.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
% 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases Quickly cured. Send tor j
free book. . j
"3" ■ 09 fl PI ■*■ laxative refreshing <m
I A m A IS frnit lozenge.
I nilinil rerr agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
am . __ _■ _ __ hemorrhoids, bile,
111111 ET II loa ? of appetite, gastric an 4
Itllß I£ IQ intestinal troubles and
■■■ ■■» ■ ■■ ■ ■ • ' headache arising
. from them.
AniflfnlJ E. O BILLON, . ;
In X S 1 IN : 8 Hue dcs Archives Pan*
jg l lliiUviw Hold by all Drnggisu. i
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ;
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sansalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept, 13, 183 J.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *7:2?, *<Vl%
11:UO a. if.: *1:15, 3:.5. r ; :15. »5:45, 6:' op. v.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, 'vVednej-
aays and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. v. *■
SUNDATa
For Mill Valley and - San ■ Bafael— *B:oo, *] 0 ni
. •11:30 a. M.; »l:30, h:l)0, »4:30. 6:16 P. it. ' ''
Trains marked * run to San Qaentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way stations— 7:25 a m
Weelcdayg, 8 :00 a. m. Sundays, l:4i p. m. Satur-
days. .
For Cazadero and way stations— 7-26 a. m
weekdays: 1:45 p. v. Saturdays. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIST
Trains connect with North Paoiil^ i
Coast Kailruad. raclUlJ i
WEKK DAYB-Leave aF. 9:l«iA. it l•4^ . » r :
Returning— Arrive a **. 3:25 p m 6-20 v »r :
BUNDAYS-LeaveS.F.BA.M ll::fo^ X iTsOpS"
Betnrnin?-ArriveS.F.l:l6p.i£.4:2op»c 7-35p« '
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or
THO\ COUK <fc tONS, 621 Market at. H v
Aim Valley and Mount Tamalpala Scenic RaU way.
Atlantic Him,
Trains leave and axrlv^ m W&r^ Bj
SISTA FE EXPRESS. Wl£sWs
To Cliirago via A. & (' G^^^Un!]
l>irf>ct Line vj^^^i^nj
wsmmm
Krns^i D n). y c °°, duct< ' d Boston Fxcurslons via
m«m ?V ; y> chlc *« o - -Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. Ue
isrJw Ji? st rmllwa y Tom California to the East.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
?V«i <?^ U * nll * iB «- Telephone M»i»
1581. Oakland, IXIB Broadway.
RAILROAD TRAVELS
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20. 25, 30,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
LeaVe from S. P. Co.'s Ferry .Landing, loot of
Market Ht., at 8:00 p. K.
OnrniAl ) Olfl including Berth,
social sio ll i - ss*aaa
RATES $19 "EOSF*
For further Information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket onice), 8. F.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. WOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. . Gen. Paaa. Act.
sor-riiKKX pacific compast.
(PACIFIC SYSTKM.)
Trntn* lenve noil are doe to arrive at
MAN FUANI'ISI'O.
leave — Vr.oit September 3. 1896. — arrivi
«O:OOa. Niles, Kan J033 and Way Stations . . . 8:45 a
' 7:OOa Atlantic Express, Oplen and Kast.. 8:43*
7:00 a. Benicia, VacaTille, Rurcsey. Sacra-
mento, Oroviila and Redding via
DaTls 6:43p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calia-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:13p
•sSOa. Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marj-sville and Red
BliilJ" _ 4:1.
•»:3Oa Peters and Milton »7:13f
« :t»o a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
liarbara and l.o» Augoles 4:45?
0:OO a. Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
»:OOa Vallejo 6:13?
l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Livermore 8:45 a
• »I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *U:00p
:Sop Port Costa and Way Stations 1 7:45p
4:UOp Martinez, San Ramon. Valiejo,
Napa, Calistoga, £1 Verano and
Santa Rosa 8:134
4: OOp Benicia, Vacavillo, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing. Marys-
villc, OroTil'e and Sacramento .... 10 :43 a
4:30p San Jose, Livoriaoro and
Stockton 7:13*
4:30p Merced, Borenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:43 a
5:00p New Orleans iixpres3,Fresno,Bakers-
field, Santa liarbara, Loa Angeles.
Demiiig, El Paso, New Orleans and
. East 10:13 a
3:00p Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Express
forMojavo and East 10:13*.
S:OOp Vallejo 11i43a.
, «:ot»p European Mail, Ogdeu and East.... 0:43 a.
6:OOplTay\vanl3, Niles and Sail Jose "7i4Sa.
J7:OOi> Vallejo t7:45p
7:OOi» Oresou Sacramento, Marys-
' ville, Redding, Portland, Ptiget
Soinutaiul East 10:45 a
SANTA <H1 VISION (Narrow iiantre).
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion, fcanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ....'.. }8:05p
8:1Sa Nenrark,Ceiiterville.,Saii.loso,Felton, >'?'*\.
Boulder Creek, Santii Cruz and Way
Stations 5:30p
•9:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almadcn. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •! 1 :2O a
4:13p Nowark. Kiiii.iose ard l.na (iatog »:3O^
COAST DIVISION ( Iliinl & Tounscinl Sis.)
•8:43 a San Joro and Way Stations (New
Alm&den Wednesdays only) 0«47a
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations JB:33r
8:13 a San Jose, Tros Pimm, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Robles, San
J.'.iis OMspo, Guadalupe aud Priu-
. dual Wax .Stations 7tO3p
}9:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations , :3Op
io:i«\ KanJhsentidWay Stations »:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto anil Way Stations...:... 3:30p
*2:3ttrSnn Matco, Menlo Park, Kan .lose, • :-
•"•■.- Gilroy, Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz, . T'y.i,
Salinas,Monterey ami PaciiicGrnve *I0:40a
*3:30p San Jose, Paciiio Grovo and Way
Stations *l:30p
•4:30p San Jose an.l Way Stations *8:»6a
BsMr Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:48 a
«:. - lOi' San Jose mid Way Stations SiSSa
tll:4si' San .Tosn itii'l Way Stations +7:43p
SAX IiKA.MJKO AN» HAHVAKUs LOCAL.
t*6:COAI ( 7:15 a
8:0Oa (0:43 a
,£s& Melrose, Seminary Park, \i^st
"5-oov Fitchbnnr, San Le.ndro *,f f|g^
S:OOp and J 4:45p
4:00p G:43p
g|gg? . H.r*.rd.. £]£
7:«0p : R:4sp
0-OOp ' Runs through to Niles. lO:5Op
tttl:t»p^ t From Niles. 1. t U2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAH FRIHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:CO 11:00 A.M. tl:CO •2:00 t3:0O
♦i:O3 t3:00 ♦C:OOr.M.
From OAKLAND— Foot of Broads-ay.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:CO *l:00 J2:CO »3:00 tl:09
«3:00 p.m. -^
A for Morning. * P for Afternoon;
* SunilayH excented. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
1 1 Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SIS FRANCISCO & NORTH Pi.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market SU
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WB | : 5 1 »AY8_7:3O,~8l0O, 11:00 a. it; IS-.SSL
8:80. 6:10, 6:30 r. if Thursdays-Eit»S»
■ SdVi 8 ?3o-p lc ,c BatardayB ~ ExttB 'amfSySt
W 1«a Y eVi&. 9130 ' "^H^ ! X:3a B;S *
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYB-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11 10 A. K.i
«iVp.^ sand5 and O e;35-p^. tUr<UxB - Kxtnitri -
■^foo,^ 7 ;^. 9136 ' li:i ° *• *••• i: ** s:4 »
Between San Fr%nc!sco and Schuetaen Park mm
■Chednle as above.
a»n Francisco. A pr» e .s; | San FrancUca
V m I Sun- 1)PR 1 .!' l in . I Son- ! Wiw J
Pays. I bays, "eatlnatioa^ BAYa- | x^y,.
7:30 am 7:30 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 a >i
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 fm 10:10 a*
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 rM
__„ [ Fulton,
7:30 am j Windsor, 10:10 a*
lHealdsburst,
|GeyBervllle,
8:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6;15 T*
Pieta. : *
7:30 am Hopland* 10:10 am
8:30 ru 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 PK
7:30 am " 10:10 Alt'
7 :30 am GuernevUle. 7 :30 «!
3:30 pm ■^ 6:18 PM
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 aW
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 PM 6:15 pic
7:30 am; 7 am I ha . tnnn , 110:40 am 1 10:10
8:30 pm l o :00 pm| o^oaatopol. | 6:O6rM , 6:15 r*
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie Wms
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skasr«s Springs: •»
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hi?al«n4
Springs, Kelseyyille, "Soda Bay and i^iceport; at
Zloplaod for Lakeport »ad Hart etc springs; at
Uktuh for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bins
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper La«c*. Porno, Poitet
Valley. John Day's, Riverside. l.ierley Bne*>
Bell'B, Sanhedrln Heights, nullvillc, Boonevill*
•Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
SWt Bragg, ■ Wsstport, TJsal, Willets. C»hio, C*»
Wo, JLaytonvlile. Harris, Scotia and ' ' i -.__»
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreowea
*■»«•■ " .. •„,. w^
On Sundays round-trip tickets to *U point* ■»
Fond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bniMln*
B - ftWH C^°ana S e, Ge^^g^L.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST KAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry),
from San Francisco, «^ommencins June 16, ao»*
WKEKDAVd. .
For Mill alley and San Rafael- 7.00, •8.00
•9:15 10:15, 11:45. A. U.i * lus> 3520, 4,18,
5:15. »b:00. d:35 p. m. on Mondays, W«dnef
Extra trips for San , Kafart on Mondays. Wane*
cayjiand Siiiurdßv-i at 11:30 P. M.
For Mill Valley and 0 San* Batael-»8 :00, •9:00.
•10:00, ll;3liA. tt.;*»x-J:3J. •\ i *°> „,,,.' 7, 'V?
5:30, 0:45, U :30 p.m. iJtir^ trip to Hauaallcoas
11:00 a. m. _ _ »*i.i.>n
Trains marked • run to San Qaentln. • l-.iO
p. M. does not run to Mill Valley. a
THROUGH TRAINS. >
For Point Reyes ana way stations— 9 a. m.
Sundays.
For Point Reyes Cazadero and way itaiiooa-*
1 WO a, M. Suaaajra; I;4S i: m. weekda/fcLOST TO THE SAN
JOSE DEMOCRACY
Resignation Handed In by
County Committeeman
Caldwell.
NOT A REPITDIATIONIST.
Dissatisfied With the Platform
Adopted at the Chicago
Convention.
BRYAN BTTPPORTERB AT SEA.
Consternation Follows the With
drawal of Two Erstwhile
Leaders.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept 14.— Dr. Robert
Caldweil has tendered his resignation as a
member of the Democratic County Cen
tral Committee because of his dissatisfac
tion with the platform adopted by the
Democratic Convention at Chicago. His
resignation was handed to a member of
the committee several days ago, but no
action has yet been taken.
In speaking of his retirement from the
committee Dr. Caldwell said he did not
believe it would be proper for him to re
main on the committee while his views on
the currency question were directly op
posed to those of the Democratic party.
"I consider it preposterous," said he,
"for the American people to claim that
they can maintain the ratio of 16 to 1 be
tween silver and gold, independent of any
other nation. It would be no more absurd
to say that the army &v\ navy of the
United States could whip the combined
armies of the world. If we are to have
commercial relations with foreign coun
tries we must be able to pay for their
products in the coin the seller and not the
buyer elects to receive. The seller fixes
prices and chooses the kind of money he
will take for his goods. If silver is coined
free the gold of this country must, accord
ing to natural laws of finance, go out of
circulation among the people. It will
cause silver money to depreciate in value,
and as a natural result cheapen the pur
chasing power. Tou can call anything a
doliar you please, but no person or Gov
ernment can force a man to take a de
preciated coin in payment for his wares.
"My five years' residence in Japan and
India furnished an object lesson as to the
fallacy of free coinage of silver which I
shall never forget. No gold is in circula
tion in either of those countries, and the
silver is so cumbersome that few people
care co handle it.
"It is generally the man of some means
who can do a credit business, and on this
account 1 think tne free silver idea, if it
should ever go' into effect, will work a
worse injury upon the laboring man than
on the capitalist. True, it will and must
injure both, besides lowering this country
to an equality with Mexico, Japan and
China. A pretty prospect indeed.
"The farmer who has a mortgage on his
place and expects free silver to pay it off
will be the worst fooled man of the lot.
These mortgages are all made payable in
gold, and when the gold has been retired
from circulation by free coinage of silver
he will have to pay a dear price in silver
for the gold coin in which to liquidate his
debt."
Dr. Caldwell has been a life-long Demo
crat, and several years ago was the Demo
cratic candidate for Mayor. His resig
nation, cominer so soon after that of James
T. Rucker, who resigned on 3aturday, has
caused consternation in Democratic circles.
LOS ANGELES REPUBLICANS.
The County Central Committee Organises
for the Campaign.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Bept 14.— The
newly elected County Central Committee
of the Republican party met this forenoon
to organize. Chairman Wood, after a few
remarks calling attention to the fact that
the committee had a hard fight on its
hands, with little capital to work with,
announced that the first order of business
was the selection of a new chairman.
H. Henderson nominated B. W. Lee,
and on motion of Major Bonsall the selec
tion was made unanimous. Mr. Lee re
ceived an ovation as he was escorted to
the chair. He thanked the members for
the honor conferred upon him and urged
that they stand shoulder to shoulder in
the coming right.
There was considerable discussion as to
who should compose the executive com
mittee. A motion finally prevailed that a
committee of five, including the chairman,
should be named, and that it should have
power to name the executive committee,
which shall consist of three members
from each of the five supervisorial dis
tricts. The chair appointed the following:
First District, John McDonald ; Second,
Major W. H. Bonsall. chairman; Third,
W. H. Cook; Fourth, J. B. Neville; Fifth,
A. J. Gwyn.
On motion of Mayor Bonsall the chair
man was empowered to appoint an auxil
iary committee of five of the best men to
be found in the county to act with the ex
ecutive committee.
NEWMAN'S McKINLEY CLUB.
Modesto Republicans Aiaitt in launch
ing the Organization.
NEWMAN, Cal., Sept. 14.— Citizens of
Newman and vicinity met this evening to
organize a McKinley Republican club. E.
S. Wangenhelm was chosen president of
the meeting. The roll was opened and
forty names were signed.
A delegation came over from Modesto to
assist in the organization. The club was
addressed by C. J. Needbam, attorney, of
Modesto. His was an earnest talk, pictur
ing the dire calamity that has overshad
owed the country since Cleveland's first
ejection. ' He saict prosperity would return
to us only with the return of the Republi
can party to power and the establishment
of a hizh protective tariff.
\V. K. McMillan, president of the
Modesto McKinley Republican Club, then
delivered a short address. He was fol
lowed by T. C. Hocking, editor of the
Modesto Herald. The strong point which
he made was that only a high protective I
tariff would afford general prosperity. J.
A. Wagner closed .with a beautiful word
picture of the country under McKinley
and protection. Three cheers were" given
for the grand old party.
LOS ANGELES GUMGINE
J'opocratic fusion Arrangvd by Bottet
of Two Pnrtiet.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 14.— The
words "People's party should now be ex
punged from the political parlance of Los
Angeles County and those of "boss
fnsion party" substiiuted. It is safe to
say that not one dozen members of the
rank and file of that "party of the peo
ple" really bad anything to do with shap
ing the local policies and plans of the
present campaign. Fusion waa planned
and executed by a half dozen bosses from
the Populists and a similar number from
the Democrats. The conventions of both
parties to-day did nothing bat ratify the
work (done mostly at night) of the steer
ing committees.
After the Democrats had nominated M.
E. C. Munday and George H. Smith on
their portion of the judicial ticket and the
names were sent to the Populists for in
dorsement the Populists nominated A. J.
Utiey and Henry Hazard, the latter as a
silver Republican. When the Democratic
convention reassembles to-morrow the
two Populißt nominees will be indorsed.
After nominating the allotted candi
dates for Superior Judges the Democratic
conventiou took a rece3s until to-morrow
forenoon. The Populists nominated 8. A.
R. Sprague of Antelope Valley for Assem
blyman in the Seventieth District, Frank
A. Cattorn of South Pasadena for the
Seventy-first, W. R. Steele of Compton in
the SevenXy-second and S. A. Waldron in
the Seventy-fifth District.
SANTA CRUZ REPUBLICANS.
Delegate* to the Senatorial Convention
Pledged to D. H. Stout.'
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 14.— The Re
publican convention of Santa Cruz County
was called to order in the assembly-room
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion. David F. Maher of Watsonville pre
sided and Dr. B. Plant acted as secretary.
The following were elected delegates to the
Senatorial Convention: San Lorenzo, R.
Thompson; Soquel, W. H. Aiken;Pajaro,
W. R. Radcliff: Branciforte, L. J. Dake;
Seaside, C. W. Waldron.
The platform indorsed the St. Louis
platform, McKinley and Hobart as the
standard-bearers of protection and pros
perity, urged increased efforts for good
roads and highways and favored the State
of California establishing a permanent
encampment for the National Ouard of
this State at Santa Cruz City. The reso
lutions embraced a hearty indorsement of
Hon. James McLachlan for Congress. In
structions were given to the delegates to
the joint Senatorial convention of San
Mateo and Sant& Cruz counties to vote to
secure the Senatorial nomination for D.
H. Trout. The record of Assemblyman
B. A. Osborn was praised.
Included in the resolutions was a para
graph commending Senator Perkins'
sterling integrity and fidelity. G. G. Rad
cliff of Watsonville spoke in support of
this resolution. Judge W. H. Aiken of
fered a vigorous objection to the delegates
being pledged, and brought forward an
amendment to strike out that part of the
report of the committee on resolutions.
After a lengthy debate the amendment
was defeated by a vote of 59>£ to 31>£. Mr.
Trout was called before tne convention
and stated he would support Perkins.
These nominations for Supervisors were
made: Branciforte, J. S. Collins; San
Loranzo, S. H. Rambo; Soquel, J. D. Esty.
The delegates at large to the Senatorial
Convention are: W- H. Lamb, L. J. Dake,
P. R. Hinds and D. F. Maher.
B. A. Oaborn was nominated for As
semblyman, and as an aftermath of the
fight at the polls between Judge Logan
and District Attorney Lindsay on Satur
day last, in which Lindsay wub defeated,
the District Attorney gracefully placed
the name of his opponent before the con
vention, and Judge Logan received the
nomination for Superior Judge by ac
clamation.
COOMBS NAMED AT NAPA.
The I. jt- Kl in inter to Japan dominated
for Atsemblytnan.
NAPA, Cal.. Sept. 14.— The Napa County
Republican Convention met in the court
house here to-day. F. B. Mackinder of
St. Helena presided.
The platform favors the fullest possible
use of silver as money, but demands a 100
-cent dollar for the payment of the sol
diers' pensions and the laborers of this
country. It approves the course of Sena
tor Perkins, and instructs the nominees
for the Assembly, if elected in November,
to support him. Refunding of the Pacific
roads' debt is opposed.
Hon. Frank L. Coombs was nominated
for Assemblyman by acclamation.
Coombs is a Native Son of the Golden
West, and is one of the officers of the
Grand Parlor. He was born in Napa
County on December 27. 1853. H>? gradu
ated from the Columbia Law School in
Washington, D. C, in 1875, and was that
year admitted to practice in the Supreme
Conn of California the following year.
He has served as District Attorney of
Napa County and as a representative in
the Legislature. He proved his ability to
represent not only this State but this Na
tion when he was United States Minister
to Japan. In the coming election Mr.
Coombs will be elected by an overwhelm
ing majority.
Attorney P. 8. King placed Judge E. 8.
Ham before the convention for Superior
Judge, and he was unanimously chosen.
For Supervisors. Frank W. Bush, Frank
S. Phillips and W. A. Trubody were
named.
SOSOMA COUNTY FUSION.
Democrats and Populistt Combine on a
HEALDSBURG. Cal., Sept. 14.— The
Democratic County Convention met here
to-day. H. H. Hyne of Healdsburg was
chosen chairman, E. L. Finley of Santa
Rosa secretary, and A. B. Provines of
Healdsburg assistant secretary.
On motion a committee of three was ap
pointed to confer with the conference
committee selected by the Populist con
vention. The chair named J. W. Fates,
Santa Rosa; D. W. Ravenscroft. Peta
luma; William Holmes, Knights Valley.
The Populist convention named as a
committee on fusion E. G. Furber, F.
W. Heseker and E. C. Hildreth. These
gentlemen met the Democratic committee
and wire-pulling and hard work was in
order. The Populists were willine to give
up everything for the Assemblymen, but
the head men in the Democratic councils
disliked very much to yield this.
The concession was finally made, and
the two conventions resolved themselves
into one and named A. B. Ware and J. C.
Sirams, both of Santa Rosa, for Superior
Judges. The Populists nominated Allen
R. Gallaway of Healdsburg for Assembly
man from the Sixteenth District and
George Hoyle of Cloverdale for the Seven
teenth District. The Democrats nomi
nated W. P. Barnes as Supervisor in the
First District, A. W. Thompson of Sonoma
in the Third, F. Glenn of Ocean in the
Fifth.
HARRIS AT ONTARIO.
Democrat* Urged to Vote A gain it the
Boy Orator.
ONTARIO, Cal., Sept. 14.— Hon. Will
A. Harris, the silver-tongued orator of the
Southern California Democracy, addressed
a large gathering at this place Saturday
night, under the auspices of the sound
money Democrats. Mr. Harris is a pol
ished and forceful speaker, and held his
large andience to the closest attention.
"I am a Democrat," said Mr. Harris,
"but I prefer to associate with Bourke
Cockran, Carlisle, Hill or even Cleveland
rather than with Anarchist Altjjeld, Pitch
fork Tillman or Cyclone Davis."
He appealed to the Democracy to stand
for the maintenance of the public honor
ami the credit of the Nation, and not
affiliate with a party composed of repudia
tiomsts, socialists and anarchists.
FAVORS FREE SILVER
Profettor Most of Stanford Telia of the
Eattern Campaign.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Bept.
14. — Professor Ross of the ecouomics de
partment of the university returned this
morning from Chicago, where he has been
delivering a course of lectures for the Uni
versity of Chicago.
Professor Koss is a free silver man and
is filled to the brim with politics just now.
He says that there ia greater activity in
the East than ever before in a political
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
campaign. Ail classes are interested, and
he believes that, no matter what the out
come of the election may be, the cam
paign has served the good purpose of
bringing the intelligence of the American
people to bear on the monetary problem.
SHAN SPEAKS AT VALLEJO
Practical Illustration* Clinch Hit Argu
ments for Sound Money.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 14.— Colonel
Henry O. Shaw addressed a large and
enthusiastio audience in Eureka Hall this
evening under the auspices of the Mc-
Kinley and Hobart Club of Vallejo. The
colonel confined himself almost entirely
to the monetary plank, and in the course
of his remarks made many telling points
against the stereotyped arguments for the
unlimited and independent coinage of
silver at a ratio of 16 to 1 by the United
States.
He said that with the destruction of the
parity of the precious metals, which it was
the policy of the Republican party to
maintain, California would share the fate
of Prometheus. She had brought, he said,
many blessings to the Union. The
mythological hero had done the same for
mankind. For his presumption he was
condemned to perpetual imprisonment
and chained to a rock, while a vulture
forever preyed upon his liver, which was
renewed as fast as it was devoured.
If California were to be chained to the
rock of free silver, the vultures would
soon be forthcoming in the shape of trie
specific contract law. California's uold
product was her liver, but the vultures
would not be satisfied with preying on
that alone, but would have to incessantly
attack her other vital organs.
Under the specific contract law the peo
ple of California had incurred obligations
to pay debts in gold amounting in the
aggregate to more than $250,000,000. With
gold at a premium, the people of Califor
nia would suffer.
Colonel Shaw referred to the Federal
disbursements in the State of California,
all payable in gold, and called attention
to the fact that as Solano County had both
the Mare Island Navy-yard and the Beni
cia cavalry post and arsenal within her
boundaries her people would incur a very
serious loss iv a financial sense if these
disbursements were to be made in 50-cent
dollars.
The colonel's illustrations or object les
sons were both interesting and instructive.
Among his exhibits was an umbrella, a
silver $20 piece four inches in diameter, a
Chinese sword made of Mongolian "cash,"
strips of colored paper, charts and many
other things, which served to make very
clear to the very dullest mind many of the
most perplexing questions relating to the
monetary issue.
Seattlr't Silver Rally.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 14. — About
3000 people attended the meeting of the
free silver forces of this city and county,
held at Armory Hall to-night under the
anspices of the Union Veterans' Club.
United States Senator Squire presided.
Addresses were made by Senator Squire,
Hon. W. C. Jones of SpoKane, Republican
Attorney-General of the State and candi
date for Congress, and Hon. G. W. Thomp
son of Tacoma. Seated on the stage as
vice-presidents were 100 Union veterans.
Ban Diugo Veterans Rally.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 14.— The Vet
eran McKinley Club held a rally to-night
at the headquarters of the McKinley Club.
Old soldiers were numerous in the assem
bly. Speeches weie made by J. C. Long,
A. C. Shaffer of Los Angeles, P. S. Burk
of Ohio and Judge Luce. The veterans,
200 strone, sent greeting to Comrade Wil
liam McKinley, and greeting was sent by
the regular McKinley Club, 1500 strong. "
Suffrage Campaign in Tolo.
WOODLAND. Cal., Sept. 14.— Woman
suffragists are making an active campaign
in this county. Mrs. Naomi Anderson,
colored suffragist, addressed her race at
the Second Christian Church last night
and organized a club comprising all the
leading colored people in this city.
Butte County Convention.
CHICO, Cal., Sept. 14.— The Butte
County Republican Committee has issued
a call for a county convention at Oroville
on Wednesday, September 30. Primaries
will be held on Saturday, the 26th.
CYCLISTS ON THE CHARTER
The Imperial Club Hears Sev
eral Speeches in Its
Favor.
About 300 bicyclists attended last night's
open meeting of the Imperial Cycling
Club to hear a series of addresses on the
new charter. R. L. Radje, president of
the club, occupied the chair.
The opening speech, in defense of the
new charter, was made by M. H. Hecht.
He reviewed some of the salient features
of the document, notably certain provis
ions which he contended would render
more difficult the possibility of official
corruption.
As for the Mayor having the power to
appoint most of the City officials he in
stanced the city of Bt. Pau!, which he
called one of the best governed cities in
the United States, and in which he said
the city officials, or most of them, were
appointed by the Mayor.
Charles Wesley Reed, the next speaker,
contended that the Supervisors were more
interested in the disbursement of pub
lic moneys than in the making
of good City ordinances. He referred in
caustic terms to the fact that a majority
of the present Board of Supervisors is now
under indictment by the Grand Jury for
corrupt behavior in office. He also
noted the disgraceful condition of the
City's streets and sewers. Under the new
charter he contended things would be dif
ferent.
The opponents of the new charier were,
be said, for the most part office-seekers,
whose interest in politics would cease as
soon as their chances for corraling good
salaries might be taken away.
He deplored the school clause in the pro
posed charter. If a California boy could
be taught in the public schools by a grad
uate of Harvard, he said that boy should
have this advantage.
To have the public schoolteachers of
this State limited to graduates of Califor
nia schools would, he thought, result in
California becoming provincial in the mat
ter of public education. In concluding toe
made an eloquant plea for the new char
ter and adjured his hearers to vote for it.
James D. Phelan made an eloquent plea
for the new charter on the ground that it
would provide better streets for bicyclists.
He also applauded the document for its
provision that the civil service rules are to
be applied to employes of the City govern
ment.
As for the autocracy of the Mayor under
the new charter, he said the Mayor would
be the people's autocrat, and for two years
only, entering and leaving ofiice at the
bidding of the people. The school clause
could, he contended, be satisfactorily ex
plained away to the entire content of ail
parties interested.
J. Richard Freud, the next speaker, said
the same arguments could be advanced
against the Federal and State constitu
tions as have been alleged against the
new charter. No public instrument could
be expected to be absolutely perfect,
since there were fifteen amendments to
the United States constitution and no
less than twenty-two of theeichteen-yenr
old State constitution, not countin<l the
extra six which are to be voted upon at
the coming elections. It would be an im
provement in municipal government, and
he asked the votes of his hearers for it.
A few well chosen words of thanks and
good-night greeting from Mr. Radke
brought the meeting to a close.
RACE WINNERS
AT SACRAMENTO
Fitzsimmons Outfooted by
Charivari in the
Match
PILOTED BY OWNEBS.
Mr. Hug Handles the Reins
With the Judgment of a
Professional.
LOTTIE LILAC TAKES A STAKE
Bill Frasier and E lert Defeat Their
Fie ds — Contention Over Fair
Awards.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 14.—Un
doubtedly the most interest attached to
the match race at the track to-day for $500
a side between Charivari, owned by
Charles A. Hug, and .fitzsimmona, the
property of W. R. Fuller. Both are well
known young business men of San Fran
cisco, and the friends of each were out in
large numbers with their "rooting"
clothes on. The conditions of the match
called for owners to drive. The event was
placed last on the card. Betting in the
auction pools favored Fitzsimmons, at
odds of 10 to 7, and a large amount of coin
was wagered on the result.
As Mr. Hug, attired in an old-cold
jacket and cap, appeared on the track be
hind his pretty mare he received a round
of applause, and Mr. Fuller, with the
cardinal colors ot La Siestu ranch on, re
ceived an equally hearty welcome. Each
of the gentlemen drivers held the ribbons
like veterans of the circuit, and showeii
himself to be pretty well up in the tactics
of scoring, Starter McNair admonishing
each in turn that he would fine him a
bottle of wine unless they came to the
wire on equal terms. Backed from twos
off the boards, Charivari led throughout
in the first heat, winning easily in 2:28.
The books held Charivari a 1 to 5 chance
for the second beat, with as good as 4 to 1
against "Fitz." The latter horse seemed
much more snappy and full of ginger in
this heat, but broke on two or three oc
casions, and through the excellent pilot
ing of her driver Charivari took the heat
by a head in 2:2l}^.
The horse showed such improved speed
in this heat that he was installed favorite
at 9 to 10, with evens offered aeainst the
mare. "Fitz" steadied down to business
and heat the mare rather handily by a
length in 2 :21%. Now a 1 to 3 shot, Fitz
simmons took the fourth heat in a drive
by half a length in 2:23, after going into
the air a couple of times. The crowd said :
"It's all off with the mare," and many
left for town.
Owner Hug wan still full of confidence
and came out for the deciding heat with
blood in his eye. Fizsimmons broke at
the first turn and the mare secured an ad
vantage that he could not overcome, he
finishing about four lengths in the rear at
the finish. Mr. Fuller protested the heat
on the ground that Mr. Hue changed his
position in the stretch, but after some
discussion the judges decided to disallow
the claim. Mr. Hug displayed s-upenor
generalsnip in the bike and was the re
cipient of an ovation at the conclusion of
the race.
This is the final week of the fair, and re
newed interest in the sport is belns; awak
ened, the attendance to-day being very
large and the betting good. Lottie Lilac,
skillfully driven by the Fresno reinsman,
C. E. Clark, took the .opening event, a
$2000 stake for two-year-olds, of which the
winner received $1500, and the rece: t
Montana find, Bill Frasier, scooped in the
2:20 pace, starting a pronounced favorite.
The larger end of the 2:30 trot decided
under the heat dash system went to
Ellert, who took two heats, . the 1 to 8
favorite, Laurel, again oeinp on her had
behavior and being distanced.
Trotting; guaranteed stake; foals of 1894; value
$2000.
.Lottie Lilac, b. h., by Lottery-Lilac (Clark) 1 1
Lynall, eh. c by Lynmont (Hogoboom). 2 2
i'raulein Dexter, b. b., by George Dexter (Mc-
Dowell) .. ". ; ■ .....83
Time, 2:32— 2:32.
Facing; 2:30 class: 3in 5. Purse $1000.
BUI Frasier, oik. h., by Pxicemont-Jdlss
Mann (Shaner) : ..;...'... l i i
Billy O, eh. g., by Gavlota (Keating) 7 4 2
Frank I* b. g., by Hawthorne (l.legi-ngerand
Havay)...... ...... .....: ...;..„;... ....4 3
Cora S.b. m., dv Alex Button (Rogoboom) 6 6 4
Nellie B, b. m., by Christmas (Baker)... .....2 a dls
Joe WJieeler, bik. ■ g., . by Son of sldney
(Owens) 3 3 dls
Betty Gentry, b. f., by Raymond (stlmson) 6 dr
: Time. 2:l6Vi-2:U- < J:l6J£.
Trotting; 2:30 class: heat dashes. Parse 9800.
Ellert, b. g., by Stamboul-i-udy JSscott
(Casey) 'Jill
Wow, br. m., by Delwlng (LaSerty and Ma
ear) 12 23
Laurel, b. m., by Nephew (Keating)... .di
Time, 2:21J^— 2:22%— 2:28^— 2:32.
Match race: owners to drive; $500 a side; mile
beats, 3 in 5.
Charivari, br. m., by Sterling-Alice (Hug) .1 12 2 1
Mtzilmmons, eh. g-, by Dexter Prince
(Fuller) 22112
Time, 2:28— —2:23—2:27.
The thoroughbred stock first on the cat
alogue for inspection for awards was
shown in tbo ring at the fair grounds this
forenoon. The judges were Judge Post
B. F. Fly Jr. and W. F. Smith. In the
stallion class, Artillery took first prize,
with second and third prizes going to
Take Notice and Gilead, resptctiveiy.
The other stallions shown were True
Britain and Ike L. The decision of the
judges was protested by R. D. Ledpett,
owner of True Briton, on the ground that
both Gilead ana Take Notice were un
sound, which according to the rules of the
society should prevent them from taking
a premium. Take Notice is said to have a
large ringbone adorning one of his legs,
and if this is the case, the judges were
grievously at fault. Why this horse
should be placed ahead of a stallion like
True Britain, the sire among others of
those two prand performers, Rey del
Bandidos and Her Majesty, the latter now
dead, caused wonderment and surprise
among nil horsemen. The black horse
was a model of beauty, sliowing neither
spot nor blemisli on his legs.
Yankee Doodle took first prize in the
three-year-old stallion class and Peru
second. This decision caused another big
howl, Owner W. M. Murry claiming the
judges were prejudiced. There was evi
ucntly some grouuds for this "kick" also,
as Rey del Bandidos. which was entered,
was a much better horse, both as an indi
vidual and a racer, than either. The
balance of the stock shown was a very
ordinary lot and little interest was ex
hibited in the result.
On Thursday next Tommy Keating will
leave with the crack three-year-old Ga
zelle (2:11)4), lor Lexington, Ky., the
daughter of Gossiper being one of the
entries for the $5000 Transylvania stake to
be decided on October 8.
Aggressive Popuiiain.
The book market is flooded with free-sil
ver literature, most of which is of a trashy
and fallacious character. The most plausi
ble and readable of all the productions is
T. Carl Spelling's "Won On a Silver basis"
in form of a story. Tne writer assails the
money power with epigram and epithet
in true populistic style. He is a well
known piacticing attorney of this City,
who, between 1892 and 1894. became the
author of several law books now in use by
the legal profession.
------- THE / J^? T - : f°?^l™:'.J;-.:....--. r "-,J - THE jemtforium _ ; _ ■,_ : 1 _ the emporium.
The Emporium.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept i£, 1896.
Fall Opening French Millinery.
/> f- g. Fall Opening $30,000 Worth Cloaks and Suits.
I OITIP l~rlißV Fall Opening French Mode! Dresses.
VVIIIV m - %M ■ ■ / Fall Opening 3400 Pieces of Dress Goods.
A rfe* I ■ -'Fall Opening 2600 Pieces of Dress SilKs.
_A II fl r^fi f* %€ Rockers and Chairs 1-2 and 2-3 Value.
W-milVI ■ IVII Men's Fall Suits and Overcoats, $10.
Bargains in Curtains.
This IS the SeCOnd Autumn Yesterday was the first I Pall SPICK and span new. Cloth-
x v C ,i A • Millinery da V of the Fall Open- flnthinn ing for fall wear I Are -you
Of the Fall ODenUIP" l '" mner y« - ing. and the thousands VlOtlling interested? There was no
Ul LllC.l.ail. WUCIIIIIK of visitors got a foretaste of the ,| s Ready, class of careful dressers or-
DaYS at the World S t ty s I°J the s°?l ln season 'r,^ got when we gathered the
Lyaysai IHC VVUIIU hundred trimmed HATS and BON- stocks. Safe economy rules; clothing
CjrandeSt ShonninCr NETS are ready to-be looked at— excellence is here. These for Boys :
v_>iu.iivuv,oi. unw^^ing ready to be worn. You may enjoy CR D -.
PI ATP A miliinn the first glimpse of them to-day. v!k> Keeter  C^v
ridCe. A million You may own any of them before | enc n ; t<s «-> Q V FJ&
anH A half H nil 3 re' any one else gets a chance. EMPO- OUIIS 93.*§3. f^lt
dllU a nan aOliarS riOm Mlllin *. y is chic and ele . These are the ret . 09 Jyf
worth of seasonable P nt> I he - mode i s aT , e from , tiest Reefer suits for Mswy<£\
WUILU Ul SCdSUIiaUIC famous Parisian, London and New little boys that we have Bff^nA
goods On show. York MilUners: seen for many a day. \JA f°A \
° Mon. Vtrot, Fehx, They are made of Navy o o y — \
Louise, Mon. Julia, Blue All-wool Cheviot, , . J
Chair Sale Another week of bar' Tuvel, Higgins, with long Pants and J° °^--\p E
rnntinnoc ' gain chances in Hoys Sceurs, Reboux, square-cut Coat, with U_____--Jr ; i
lOniinueS. Chairs and Rockers Connelly, Mme. Louise Mayer, wide Sailor Collar, as jTl I *W
before you— lsBo sold last week; Camille Roger, Francois. shown in picture. Col- A
nearly as many more awaiting your Be assured of getting the . most la . r and sleeves are I / I
choice now. The most remarkable becoming styles here — high-class \ trimmed with wide and / / 1
Chairshow ever made— 500 square goods combined with best work- narrow silk braid, the / / I
feet of space entirely occupied. f manship at the most MODERATE whole set off with brass // I
. . prices you have ever known. Par- buttons; regular value /( llf
" \ I ticular attention is called to our $5-00. . Our d^o qf k^ W .
lines of Trimmed Hats at P rjce <4*J.^7^J v
*i , ___ ticular attention is called to our $5-00. . Our £-3 qj- U^J \V
gf^tej lines of Trimmed Hats at P"ce CPJ.^JJ
$7 and $9. /Q^
_ ll*T r nir Dressmaking A crowded day T^?J
i 1? non ; nn m the Dress- \ -?J
TfrZZZlf °P enm 9« making Parlors y&yW fW^L
HCjmm^ \ Monday. Among the many visitors ■■ yi^yWx s^®
U-KijjJ'Jffl were the leading dressmakers of San /i%*r[\ L'J
Ulj^^l Francisco and near-by towns, who / TVA \ >^%^
VfSi^m) came to see the charming Parisian . /-JL /W\ IWslWi\
V^ " model dresses. But the real style ( *j3l 'Jf / /r°\v \
No. -Pol- No. 154-Hand- a ". d beauty oi L these marvelous ere- V/ffl ' '^/ / , o^fV )
ishedOakorlmi- some Platform Iff JtSPJ** Corredy , copied T ~jf // ! 0 VJ
tation Mahogany Rocker, Oak or &?«£' P a £ ern i*? 8 continually Mt^ S^ l
Large Cobbler Imitation Mahog- f ?^ ™° rk woman 's eyes. Only VuT rWf*T
Seated Rocker..... any, upholstered a thorough knowledge of the French \ \ / J(\
S3 45 «at S3 75 dressmaker's art can then produce LI/ / \ ■
"£:*•" seat **'* dresses which will fit and look like M (-/ V-
• A these. Our Dressmaking Depart- V- / I 1
y^^. fl ment is presided over by the best f7/ A )r
jijS^ « n French Dressmaker west of New £sv\ ft h
s^^^sj TV-' **>— York, and we promise exact copies, " c 3 £2 c
.^Si^j W. ..... beautifully made, at lower prices
-...■■■■..,. ..( \\\\llf If than any other first-class modiste This style— Mixed This style— All-
JH J ___• WiWllll would charge you. Tweeds, sizes 4 to Wool Tweeds, sizes
™ ••' .JP \^Sll IP^ «. « '■ : 10 years, Bto 15 years,
-llilllilL \\y\\\ I ]V DreSS GOOdS I( is an unusual «&-> 35 C 9 ok
slii^f ! Opening. privilege to have IJJI " O3 «
*0* *llfl WSWS^ thirty-four hundredVeceTof Novelty Napier Th , . Mattin « for hotel stairs
V 1 \U 1 Wir^3il Dress Fabiks. That is your privi- Mattind andhallwa y^ It got wet on
.11 m-^L_l S^i'K^i lege here, and there will be daily 5 « F i^h ° CC ,f p Ourconsignment
•** x^— 3 ~^> newness to feast your eyes if you of fine EEgn g' ls " and French Napiers suf-
No.8 3 2-Large No. 196-Cane come every day for month. Enor- S n f ™ m v s ? rm 7 le a^[ d the f ve^ e I }'
Cobbler Seated Seat Child's ! mous as the stock already is, new t com "£„' ° ye /; n sf' vv ac? c settlement with
Rocker, Polished Rocker 95c ! effects are being received every day. S £ ran t ee X m gIVC X k S . an -° P "
Oak or Mahog- — If we cannot suit you to-day-im- P<*tumty to sell them much below im-
any $3.90 '-.-^ , probable as it seems— we probably P °p: e n r ? p^'nf'tQH , nr , r PP v rH a v. "
This Flower Pot 35c. novelty dress 2£ ***"*»& Sale 40c
A handsome FABRICS— 3B-inch Boude Plaids MADICD mattim/- 1 .""'"'
@A handsome FABRICS— 3B-inch Fancy Plaids NAPIER MATTING, 26 inches o 0
Imitation Rook- and Checks; 38-inch Fancy Tweeds . NAPIfc * i V ATriN 4 G ' c , lnches
jfi!'«l wood Flower and Tweed Checks; 41-inch Cheviot wide, regular 60c quality. Sale price JVC
MWW Pot. Six inches Checks; 38-inch Melange Bourette in (22 inches wide 20c.)
sillily*/ wide across top. Brown, Navy, Myrtle, Wine, etc :rll c* 1 tl ell * 1
Shaped as in 5 2-inch Jacquard Diagonal in all the Fall Styles The F |» n^ks a re «,
™*^ picture. , Good new colorings ; 38-inch Armure Mo- In Shoes, Pete- San r-rancisco folks
value for 60c. Special price 35c each, hair Suitings. These fabrics strictly ! he EMPORIUM 7s tS best Se ?'& h*-
I " •': all wool ; cannot be duplicated at 65c Q ho es The largest stocks tifiirk fr«^ Uy
A Big Coffee Cup. jgj Ourbeginning-of-the- 49 5 ttTreatlsrvariS? T^^SeT,
Here is a special -^ . ' '^1^ and a wide difference between the prices
for coffee-drink- AaJhsMw* 50-inch Redfern Checks— The many you have been accustomed to paying and
ers who like a 'WSrrffmJj. new colorings include Marie Louise OUR PKIChS. Here is the latest corn-
good, large cup. S~\ *®%*&Jsf& Blue, Electric Blue, Moss Green, nion-sense and at the same time very
It is called the > Z-^0? - Reseda, Myrtle, Modore, etc.; 52-inch stylish Shoe for women :
"Jumbo." It is Bourette Striped Tweeds in air the LADIES' "Tailor-made" Extra Fine
made of fine China, with a hand- new effects ; 40-inch Matelasse Reye, Enameled Calf Lace Shoes — toe —
some painted decoration — measures two-toned effects ; 48-inch two-toned hand-welt sole— kangaroo tops— low heels
five inches across : the top — holds Twine Cloth, and thirty other novel —made like a man's shoe in every respect
about three half pints. OUR special Silk and Wool, All Wool and Mohair, —all sizes and widths— the enameled
price for Cup and Saucer. .\ 55c Similar qualities have always sold at leather looks like patent leather and
t- x r. * ,~r i* ? 1. 50 a yard. Our begin- c I Afl wears like calfskin without Cc t\t\
Crockery Department second floor, rear, the-season price 4>I.UU cracking . •P&.UU
WANT TO FIGHT HERE,
The National Club Will Stand
by Its Agreement With
the Pugs.
Groom Says That He Wants to See
His Way Clear Before H> Makes
a Start.
Fitz-immons, Corbett, Sharkey etal. are
determined that the political excitement
of the present time shall not drown the
interest in pugilism, that is if they can
help it.
Everybody who has a love for the sport
of fisticuffs is aware by this time that Cor
bett and Fitzsimmons have, so to speak,
retired Sharkey to the background and if
the Cornishman can possibly break up the
contract which Sharkey and Corbett
signed in this City, he will be a decidedly
happy man, because in his heart he is
more sanguine of whipping James owing
to the latter's physical condition, which is
generally believed to be^fery much im
paired.
Sharkey is determined, however, to hold
Corbett to his contract, and if the cham
pion faila to meet him withiu the time'
specified in the articled of agreement the
sailor pugilist will claim the alleged $5000
which was deposited in this Cily as a
guarantee of good faith.
Cort>ett is seemingly anxious to decide
the mooted question of supremacy wim
Sharkey, and he has written and tele
graphed Managers Groom and Qibbsof the
National Club to that effect.
It will be remembered that when the
match was made the National Club offered
the pugilists a purse of $20,000 if the con
test was decided under its auspices at
some place which tne club would select
when the proper time arrived.
Both Corbett and Sharkey; seemed
pleased with the offer, but they failed to
give the club a decisive answer, and there 1
the matter remained until very recently, j
when Corbett, after having signed an 1
agreement to fight Fitzsimmons, tele
graphed the club to know whether its offer
still remained good.
Managers Groom and Gibbs very wisely
concluded that the signing of articles be
tween the big guns in pugilism, viz.:
Bob F. and James C, took a Targe chunk
of interest from the match arranged be
tween (jL'iit)sman James and Sailor Tom.
In speaking of the matter as it now
stands. Gibbs said that if Corbett and
Sharkey were satisfied to accept a purse of
$10,000 for ten rounds, the club would
hang up that amount and the contest
could be decided in this City, but if they
insisted on twenty rounds or more, the
club would give a purse ot $20,000, pro
vided the fighters deposited $5000 each as
a guarantee.
Messrs. Gibbs and Groom are very san- 1
guine that a finish fight could not be car
ried off in this City or County, and to save
themselves from any possibility of losing
on the speculation they rightfully ask the
pugilists to prove their sincerity in the
matter by depositing the amount stated
"in some bank.
As Groom said : "If the National Club
should go to the expense of several thou
sand doliars in arranging for a finish con
test outside of this State, and at tne last
moment the pugilists failed to put in an
appearance, where would the National
Club get off? Now we are accused of craw
fishing or backing down, or whatever you
may wish to call it. but any sensible man
can see at a glance that the National Club,
or any other club, for that matter, would
be acting the part of an idiot to incur a
great expense in arranging details for a big
match unless it had a good, substantial
guarantee that the 'talking horses' really
meant Ousiness and would toe tiie scratch
when the time arrived for a fistic argu
ment
"The National Club is in the swim good
and hard and will carry out its agreement
to the letter as it has always done, bat we
do not propose, in the language of the
butcher, to 'buy a pig in a poke.'
"Of course, owing to the political excite
ment which is now on, we do not intend
to bother with fisticuffs until after elec
tion, when we wili appear again brighter
than ever."
— * — • •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Albert Dallemand to Bennett Ellis, lot on Wline
of Buchanan street, 96:8^4 S of Clay, 8 31 by W
107:6; $10.
Jessie and Frank B. Veirs to Theresa A. Bar
denhagen. wife of Ciaus, and Emilie A. Fay, lot on
SK corner of Twenty-third and Xoe streets, S 25
by E 100: $mo.
Lovell White to Dan.el Gallagher, lot on NW
line of Brannan street, 122 sw of Second, SW 5'J -6
NWBO, NE 31:6, NW 27:6, Ni-. 21, SE 107:6;
$4001).
William J. and Mary A. Brady to Richard J.
and Maria Rice, ioi on SW line of Rausch street,
100 NW of Folsom. NW 25 by 8W 112: $10.
Elizabeth V. Harrison, A. »nd Clara West Jones
to Solomon Getz, lot on X line of Flfieentn avenue,
199 N of C street, E 127:6, S 25. W 70, S 23,
W5B. N 2; $10.
George K. and I^ucie H. Frink to Solomon Getz,
lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue, 124 N of C
street, N 73, B 58:1 JA, 573, W 59; also lot on N
line of A sirei't, 27 \\ Forty-second avenue \V 38
N 160. E 65. S 10, W 27, s 80; a>so lot on X Hoe
of Nineteenth avenue, ?13:4 8 of B street E
240:3, sB:9, W 240, N 11:8: $10.
Jane Roberts to Frank T. Dryden, lot on E line
of Forty-seventh avenue, 1&0 8 of I street, 8 25
by X 120; $10.
William U. Brittan to George W. Lewis, lots
1656, 1657 and 1658, Gift Map 3 (quitclaim deed):
$o.
Thomas and Mary Wright to Philip J. Railev,
lot on E Hue of Goettinger street, 250 N of sllli
man. E I'JO by N 60, being lot 7, block 16, Univer
sity Homestead Extension: $— ■ .
Rosie Jira to Tonic Jirc. lot on NW line ot
Howth street, 44:6 SW of Geneva avenue SW
25 by NW 105:6, Being portion of block 11. San
Miguel City ; $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY. ,
A. J. and Delia McLeod to J. O. McKown, un
divided half interest in lot 12, block 26. Addition
No. 3 to the town of Llvermore, Murray Township:
also traction of land formed by the intersection of
and bounded by Maple and Seventh streets and
county road survey No. 1515 with E charter line
of town of Livermore, being in Addition No. 3 to
the town of Livermore, Murray Township: also
fraction of land formed by the intersectiou of and
bounded by the Sixth and McLeod streets with
county road survey No. 1515, being in Addition
No. 3to the town of Livermore, Murray Town
ship: $10.
William F. Merrill to Elizabeth J. Merrill, lot
on E line of Brandon street, 31i!:6 N of Lloyd ave
nue, S 26, SE 100. 8 26, NW 100, to beginning,
being a portion of lots J 7 and IS, block .\, Fruit
vale stneion Tract, Brooklyn Township: eift.
A. Wlnbera to James E. Damon, the W SO" feet
of lot 10 in W half of block B, Damon's West End
Tract, excepting therefrom the 10 feet of frontaza
of said lot taken for street widening, Alameda: $5.
• Peter Thompson to Jane M. and Philip Bates,
lot od W line of Webster street, 119.71 8 ot
Twentieth, XW 131:3, SW 25:2, E 150.16, X
60:8 to begin nine, warranty deed, Oakland; 810.
Patrick and Maria J. I'egnem anil Thomas Don
nellau (by Commissioner) to Joseph G. Kearny,
lot on S line of Nolan or Thirty-third street, 116 \V
of Grove, W 50 by S 100, being loi 11, block F,
property of Central Land Companr, Oakland;
$2182.
Mails Nielsen to B. Agnes NielseD, lot on IT lino
of Secuud street. 101) Eof Madison. E 26 by N 100,
being lot 24. block 131, Oakland; gift.
Alfrwi and Elvina Wood to A. L. Hamilton, lot
on SE line of Fairmount avenue. 68 ..syrv r from NB
line of -he Walsworth 100-acre tract. SW 32 Oy sk
158, being portion of lot 1 of the Walsworth 100*
acre tract, Oakland; $10.
Fred Reichert to Kate L. Myrick, all Interest fa
alt that tract of land lying between Fourteenth
avenue, Thirtieth and Thirty -first streets (or Lin
coln street), and lands of Below, Myrick, Gilbert
and Clark on south and east, atl in block O, town
of Lynn, East Oakland ; $10.
B. F. and Ida C. Hudelson to Union Savings
Bank, lot on NW corner of Park street and Mattia
aVenue. W 35.33, N 71.43, E 37.07, S 71.53 to be
ginning, being the S Vi of lot 16, block D, Parsons'
Goldi-n Gate Tract, Oaxland Township: $10.
C. W. and Kllzabeth C. McAfee and A. & and
Emma C. Baldwin to John German, lot 3, block
12, llerzog Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
\V. v. llawkeit and Oeorge C Gaskill to same,
same: $5.
Charles F. an« Emily D. Bchulz to Thomas H.
Rode i) hurst, lot on N\V line of Third avenue,
100 XE 01 Twelfth street, NE 50 by S W 180,
being portion of lots 5 to 12, block 50, Clinton, East
Oakland: $10.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to Daniel Mo
Curdy, lot on X line of Benvenue avenue, 160 S of
Parker street, 8 40 by E 159.44, being lot 20, Map
of Hillesass prcpeny, Berkeley; $10.
Benjamin and Elizuijeth B. Bangs to Mary Ross,
lot ou E line of Benvenue avenue. 200 S of Parwer
street. 8 40 by E 159.44, being lot 21, Map of Hil
lenn-s property, Berkeley; $.0.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to Rachel
Ross, lot on E line of Benvenue avenue, 240 S of
Parker street, a 40 by E 15944, beim; lot Z'2, Map
of Hillega.ss property, Berkeley; $10.
Martha M. Kobiuson to N. W. Kinsman, lot oa
N line of F.iirview street, 50 W of Harper, W 61)
by N 100, being a portion of lot 7, block 4, Map of
property of A. B. Liixon at Alcatraz station, quit
claim deed, Berkeley; $10.
Lola E. and Albert. A. Kobiuson to same, same;
$10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to William J.
Martin, lot on S line of University avenue, 521 W
I of Sacramento street, W 70 by si 136, being the £2
I 70 reet of N J36 feei of lot 6, block 1, Shaw Tract,
I Berkeley: also lot on NE corner of California
street *nd I nivcrsiiy avenue. E 60 by Ix 125,
being lotG, Hange 12. Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $5.
Frank M. and Uoie H. Wilson to W. W. Uavis,
lot on >" line of Hklge road, 125 E of J'.onte aye.
nue, X 50 by N 140, Iwina lot 11, block 22, Daley's
: cenic I'trk, Berkeley: $10.
Marcella 1- Raleigh to William Cron Jr., lot 17.
block 30. Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association. Berkeley; $10.
Eliza li. scotrher to Kate R. Uackett, lot on*
SW corner of 'astro street and Hay wards avenue,
W 211 :1, S 130. E 150. S 50. E 131 .3, H 211:11 to
beginning, bcins lots 6 to 11, block 4. HarlanV
addition to San Le&ndro, Eden Township; 910.
• — ♦ — •
Forger Milne Sentenced.
Judge Wallace yesterday sentenced W. P.
Milne, who ; pleaded guilty to a charge .of
forgery, to fifteen years in San Quentiu. Milne
presented an order for $20, signed presumably
by Brown Brothers, to Wells, Fargo & Co.'*
Bank. . .- ■ •
, * -♦ — » • • . . . ■
New Corporations.
The Keystone Gold Mining Company of
Calaveras was yesterday incorporated. Tha
capital stock is $1,000,000, Oi which $760,000
bag been subscribed.
56
TUKBDAY. SEPTEMBER 15.1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. _^
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postasre Free:
Dally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally Bud Sunday Caia, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, fix months, by mall.. 8.00 |
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by malL, .68
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
Wilkw Call, one year, by mall ••• *•*<>
I
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you poing to the country on a vacation ? If
•«, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CAM, to
your address. • Do not let It a.iss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE*
1 10 Market sfreet,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lBoB
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone • Ma!n-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
650 Montgomery street, corner Clayj open until
9:30 o'clock.
830 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 I ark. street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tnttl 9 o'clock.
2518 Misslop street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 Mmh bircet ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFPICBt
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City*
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOB PRESIDENT—
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB VICF-PRIWIDENT—
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Read the news from Maine.
Here we have another moral effect
Vermont said it and Maine swears by it.
Tom Reed has a right to say, "I told
you bo."
Sewall might as well stay in his Bath;
he needs it.
Confidence increases and everybody is
getting surer that his neighbor will vote
right.
There is no need of straws in this cam
paign. Every one can feel how the wind
blows.
The Republicans of Maine have spoken
in a loud voice, Those who don't hear it
are deaf.
There is a growing probability that the
Turkish crisis is about to be active as well
as critical this time.
Every man engaged in industry has an
interest in having it protected from the
competition of cheap labor.
San Francisco Democracy may talk in a
different voice, but it is ciearly doing its
work with the hand of Buckley.
It is hard for the Democratic orator to
keep his mouth shut during a campaign,
but a good many of them are doing it this
time.
As Bryan had nothing to say about the
vote in Vermont it would be useless to
ask what he thinks of the news from
Maine.
Palmer and BucKner have no boom, but
they have the satisfaction of knowing
what support they have is solid all the
way througn.
For fuss and feathers, muss and muddle,
no convention of the year is likely to equal
that wuich the New York Democrats will
hold this week.
The fusionists pretend they are working
to carry California for Bryan, but their
p'.ans seem to be laid mainly to elect
Cator to the United States Senate.
It is evident from the brevity of his tele
gram to the Palmer and Buckner notifica
tion meeting that Cleveland has about lost
his wind. He must be very nearly knocked
out.
Bryan has never had any sympathy
with the sheep industry of this country,
but before he gets through with the cam
paign he will begin to feel sheepish him
self.
A war in Europe would help on the
cause of international bimetallism, for
there is no nation over there except Eng
land that could fight a war for any length
of time on the gold standard.
Now that thousands of Chicago Demo
crats have macie a visit to McKinley to
pledge him their votes it begins to look as
if the thing might be yet made unanimous
before the election takes dace.
A comparison of the Democratic vote for
Bryan with that for Palmer will show how
many Democrats would rather follow
their party when it takes to the woods
than to stay in the main road and stand
by their principles.
After reading the speeches of Palmer
and Buckner many a stalwart Democrat
regretted he ha«i ever shouted for Bryan
and began to figure out bow he could get
back to the old Democratic road and
march with the old-time boys.
Cator is willing to trade everything for
legislators who will vote for him for
United States Senator, and as a result
Populists who wish other offices and
Democrats who wish to go to the Legisla
ture are wondering whether fusion is
worth the trouble it takes to make it.
The voters of legislative districts should
bear in mind that a United States Senator
is to be elected by California this winter,
and it is important, therefore, that Re
publicans should be chosen in order that
we may have a Senator who wiil work
with zenl for protection to the industries
of the Stale.
In an- article published yesterday re
viewing the political situation in this
State the Exa miner said : "The Call has
■ dagger up its sleeve and stabs the Chron
icle on every possible occasion." That
statement is a bad example of the cam
paign roorback. The Call has never
stabbed the Chronicle nor any other de
fender of the Republican party; on the
contrary it has been always a stanch de
fender of Republican harmony and unity.
Moreover The Call has no dagger up its
sleeve nor any other concealed weapon.
It is an open fighter.
TO HAY AND GRAIN GROWERS
OF CALIFORNIA.
The argument in support of the protec
tive system that has most weight with the
men of any industry is that which is drawn
from their experience in the conduct ot
their business. You who are engaged in
growing hay and grain in California know
how much you have profited by the devel
opment at your farm gates of a market for
your produce. Yon know also tfrat this
home market has been the creature of the
protective system. You know that it has
flourished with protection and that it
broke down the moment protection was
rrithdrawn.
Not long ago nearly all the farmers of
the State were engaged in the production
of hay and grain. The product was far
larger than the State could consume and
a distant and foreign market bad to be
sought for it. In those days the farmer
had to sell all of his product to a middle
man, who sought a purchaser for it
wherever in the world he could find one.
That state of things was broken jip by a
system of protection which build up a
diversified rural industry in California.
Protection enaDled a large proportion of
California farmers to engage in fruit
growing, wine-making and raisin-growiag.
This withdrew a large number of men
from competition in the hay and grain in
dustry and at the same time made a mar
ket for those products. You have felt the
benefits of this change under protection,
and you have also felt the injury that has
resulted from the Democratic attempt at
free trade.
Those of yon who have reasoned out the
full effects of protection on your industry
are aware that it has done more than
make a home market for your products.
It has made a home market for your labor.
In the spring before the time has come to
harvest yonr hay and erain, you have
employment for yourselves and your
teams in doing the plowing and cultivat
ing of the orchards. When the hay and
grain harvest is over you have further
employment in the fruit harvest. Neither
you, your children nor your teams are
idle at any season of the year under this
diversified system of rural industry. Pro
tection, therefore, has benefited you in a
double way. It has given you at your
farm ga:es a neighbor who is not only a
purchaser of your hay and grain but an
employer of your labor.
The disastrous experience of the raisin
and fruit growers oi the State since the
Democratic party began its attempts at
legislation in the direction of free trade
shows clearly that these industries can
not flourish without adequate protection.
You are aware that when hard times came
upon them they at once became less valu
able purchasers of your products and em
ployers of your labor. You have learned
from this experience that your interests
as hay and grain growers are irreparably
bound up with those of your neighbors
who are producers of fruit, raisins and
wine. The protection of one is the pro
tection of all. There is no division of in
terests among t!.e farmers of California.
There ought, therefore, to be no division
of politics on the subject of protection.
Let us unite as a people this year and put
an end to the free-trade heresy in Califor
nia for the rest of this generation. This
ought to be accounted your duty to your
State. Help your neiehbors and you will
be helping those who help you.
The tendency of the times the world over is
for shorter hours for labor. Shorter hotirs in
the interest of health; shorter hours in the in
terest of humanity ; shorter hours in the in
terest of the home and family. And the
United States can do no better service to labor
and to its own citizens than to set the example
to the States, to corporations and to individ
ual-s employing men by declaring that, so far
as the Government is concerned, eight hours
shall constitute a day's work and be all that
is required of its laboring force. — McKinley.
HOIST BY ITS OWN PETARD.
Senator Cockrell of Missouri was se
lected by the Bryanites of the Southwest
to deliver a speech devoted entirely to the
money question. U was mpposed that
the Senator would be able to so present the
question that the Republican party in that
region of the country more especially
would surrender. It was also the purpose
of the Bryanites to use Senator Cockrell's
speech in all parts of the country for
"educational purposes." The Senator de
livered himself of the bargained-for speech
last week at Nevada, Mo., and the work of
scattering it over the land is now well
under way. The Senator himself con
denses the loeic ot his two hours' speech
into this proposition:
"Aristotle said 2000 years ago: 'Money
exists not by nature, but by law,' Money
is created or authorized by law, which
fixes the legal tender, the debt-paying
power of gold and silver coins and their
relative values. The laws of nations
authorizing the fiee and unlimited coin
age of both metals into lull legal tender
money at a fixed ratio create an unlimited
demand and maintain their commercial
value at or about their fixed relative coin
age values."
Aristotle made no new discovery when
he found that money exists by law and
not by nature. He stated that which has
always been and always will be a fact, but
Aristotle did not say, nor has a sensible
man ever said, the thing of which money
(gold and silver, one oi both) is made exists
by law and not by nature. There is a wide
difference with a broad distinction here.
Nor did Aristotle or any other sensible
man ever say that law fixed the relative
values of the metals it makes money of,
Senator Cockrell to the contrary notwith
standing.
But the most rickety and untenable of
the Senator's propositions is that by au
thorizing the unlimited coinage of both
metals at a fixed ratio their commercial
value would be about their coinage value.
A flat contradiction of the Senator's asser
tion will be found in every change in the
ratio of the coinage value of the metals
which the nations have made in the past.
It is always the commercial value that
lixes the ratio, and the law in confirming
the ratio makes the metahs legal tender
money. Ail history proves that when the
law does not confirm the relative value of
the metals as fixed by commerce com
merce immediately withdraws and hides
away the metal that the la«v manes the
dearer. Commerce rejects the idea of a
double standard of money at an unalter
able ratio.
Between 1805 and 1873 commerce practi
cally withdrew the silver dollar from our
monetary system because the ratio did not
do its commercial value ju»tice. In 1873
the silver dollar was worth 104 cents as a
commercial commodity and commerce
would not permit it to be used as money
for only 100 cents. In 1896 a sliver dollar
is worth as a commercial commodity 53
cents abd commerce will not permit It to
be used as money for 100 cents— without
the consent of commerce everywhere.
If it were true, as Senator Cockrell says,
the debt-paying and purchasing power of
money is given to it by law there would
be no sense in having any ratio of differ
ence in the weight of coins. It would be
just as easy {or the law to declare that
25.8 grains of standard silver are the equiv
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CAL.L, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
alent of 25.8 grains of standard gold as to
declare that 41234 grains of standard silver
are the equivalent of 25.8 grains of stan
dard gold, but it can do neither. More
over, there is not a civilized country in
the world that makes coin as coin re
demption money. It is the quantity and
quality of the metal in the coin that
gives it debt-paying and purchasing
power. But this Senator Cockrell prac
tically admits when he speaks of the
coinage of gold and silver at their rela
tive value, ior it is commerce and com
merce alone that fixes their relative value,
and whatever their relative value is is also
their coin value and hence their purchas
ing power.
It is to be hoped that Senator Cockrell's
speech will have wide circulation, for no
better argument against practical Bryan
ism could be submitted to the people.
Bryanism is hoist by its own petard.
To me the question of free trade is the ques
tion of humanity, the voice of labor pleading
for its own, and the question of free silver is
a question of public morality, honor and good
faith, and its success! would be a blot on our
hitherto spotless National credit. But will it
prevail? No. I answer forever : No. The Amer
ican people of the Nation, like those of Ver
mont, are entirely above so unworthy an impu
tation. — McKinley.
DIGGING UP RECORDS.
It was hoped that the Presidential cam
paign would be conducted upon lines that
would discourage the digging into the
conduct of candidates in the past, and no
doubt it would have been done had work
ingmen been made of material less curi
ous and inquisitive. The fact is, the work
ingmen of this country are not quite them
selves these days, and they have got it
into their heads that the repeal of the Mc-
Kinley act is what hurt them, and that
Bryan bad a good deal to do with its re
peal, wnich is the fact, but just how close to
the wall workingmen should push him on
that account is the question.
Workingmen should see that it is very
painful to Mr. Bryan to have reference
made to his speeches in Congress on the
question of giving them protection aeainst
low wage schedules of other countries,
and they do see it; but somehow they
will persist in demanding to know if he
still thinks that an American wagemac
has no rights that foreign pauper labor
should be obliged by this Government to
respect. It may be that Mr. Bryan things
such questions impertinent and impudent,
and that he will ignore the questioners
and their questions, but Mr. Bryan should
be patient with them. Most of them have
not had a great deal to eat for two years or
so, and not a few of them fear they will
lose their little homes if they do not get
emp'oyment very soon.
Mr. Bryan may not know and be may
not care to know the condition of Ameri
can wage-earners, but they know, and
that is why they are putting questions to
him concerning what the future will have
in store for them if he is elected. They
ere very restless tinder enforced idleness,
and Mr. Bryan ought to be more consid
erate ot their feelings than to tell them
that it is not necessary to discuss such
matters when they importune him for in
formation upon a matter of such vital im
portance to them as opportunity to earn
wages is.
Workingmen know Mr. Bryan held
while in Coneress that protection to
American labor against destructive for
eign competition could not be justified,
but now that he is trareling about the
country soliciting their votes they feel that
he should reopen that question and tell
them frankly whether or not he would, if
elected, use his influence to have the Wil
son law repealed and something equally
as good as the McKinley act put tn its
place. The workingmen of the United
States fared so well under the McKinley
act and have fared so badly since it was
repealed that Mr. Bryan should not think
them impudent when they ask him to de
fine his position — to tell them what they
may expect if he is elected.
Workingmen do not like to rattle the
skeletons in Mr. Bryan's political closet,
but if they stumble over them and make
a noise in their haste to ascertain how
much friendship he has for them they
should not be blamed too much. True,
Mr. Bryan has told them that it is not
necessary to discuss their chances for
work; besides, he has other fish to fry,
and if workingmen have lived through
hunger and disappointment foi more than
two years they can stand it until he has
arranged matters that are of more conse
quence to Mr. Bryan than employment to
iule labor, but workingmen thins other
wise. It is net of much consequence,
however, whether Mr. Bryan answers the
wage-earners or not. Practically, all of
them are now under the McKinley ban
ner and they know that victory for it
means plenty of work and good wages for
them. No, it is not necessary for Mr.
Bryan to discuss the tariff question. It
is too late.
Lack of confidence has destroyed the pur
chasing power of the country; the destruction
of its purchasing power has ruined its mar
ket; the ruin of its market has left the farm
er's product unsalable on his hands. What the
farmer wants is not more coinage, but more
customers; vhit the wage-earner wants is to
exchange his labor for the best dollar in the
world, and the opportunity to get that dollar
with hit labor. — Chauncey Depew.
DO WN IN MAINE.
A Republican majority was expected in
Maine, but the Democracy hoped that
Sewall would have enough influence as
the Vice-Presidential candidate to lower
the record as against the race of two years
ago. It seems, however, that State prid-»
wa3 shelved, and the vote cast on prin
ciple, which gives a Republican majority
that correctly measures Bryan and Bewall'a
political standing in that State. No one
believed Sewall when he said, immediately
after being nominated, that his Slate would
swing over to the support of the Chicago
ticket, but the belief prevailed in Bryan
circles that there would be enough of a
Democratic gain in the September contest
to exert a moral influence all over tho
country which would strengthen the party
very materially in November. The people
of Maine had not been consulted, it would
appear, when these prognostications wore
made; moreover the returns indicate
numerous accessions to the Republican
ranks from tii? Democratic party.
The large increase in the itapabiican
majority as compared with IW»4 r«Heot»
public sentiment all ov»;r tli« OOttOtty.
There never was a time when the ptoplf
had greater occasion to take n livnly |
est in their public ooncnnm, unl tin-.
Vermont and Maine elr<;tiorm nlxiw Dial
tbe people are fully allvn v, n.n Ui,..,i
tance of repudiating BryanUin wild n»n
phasfs.
Of coarse the BryaniUn wmiM MtOMttf
"point witn pride" to »li« iir...
majority in Arkansa*. 1.-it bi i« «
ignorant man who don* not *•'■..* n,,.< ii.r
size of Democratic majorlHo* l" A, 1 >,„,„■
is determined by tfet B ii H,«=
party long before election »}»;. *>,-\ ti.ai
the majority agreed upon . o v.l*
actually cast is what jfov^rno !».» r^intr,
ing boards, so it it an Initlt to •>•« Oplrtl
of oar institutions to compare majorities
for the Democracy in Arkansas with ma
jorities for Republicans in Maine. In
Arkansas the election returns express the
will of the bosses, and in Maine they ex
press the will of all the people.
Satisfying as the large gains in Maine are
the danger that they may cause the rank
and file in other States to be too confident
and thus make them apathetic is great
enough to be looked after. Bryan says if
his party is not successful tnls time it will
come again and again, until Altgeldism
and Bryanism are made the policy ot the
Government, but if the people do their
whole duty during this campaign and on
election day Bryanism will never again be
heard of. Therefore the splendid gain in
Maine ought to stimulate every one who
is desirous that prosperity and peace shall
abound everywhere, and that the Govern
ment shall be maintained on the lines laid
down by Washington and Jeffersou and
Lincoln to make every possible effort to
leave Bryan without representation in the
Electoral College. Let him not carry a
single State.
PERSONAL
Dr. S. P. Low of Megalia arrived here yester
day.
R. G. Brown, a mining man of Bodie, is
here.
E. E. Elliot, an attorney of Bakersfield, is in
town.
L. 8. Stillman of Brooklyn, N. V., is at the
Palace.
Ex -Governor P. L. Sherman of Illinois is in
the City.
E. P. Mainhart, a mining man of Nevada, is
on a visit here.
A. H. E. McCartney, a fruit-grower of Ken
wood, is in town.
Henry Stelling, a wheat-dealer of Davis
ville, is at the Russ.
S. Rummelsburg, proprietor of a large store
at Redaing, is in the City.
W. B. Carter, an oichardtst of Visalia, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. Burdeil, one of the biggest land-owners
in Marin County, is at the Lick.
William Russell, an extensive linen manu
facturer of Belfast, is in the City.
Captain S. F. Wickberg of Los Angeles is reg
istered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
George W. Peltier, a business man of Nevada,
is here, accompanied by Mrs. Poltier.
J. M. Wilmans, the wealthy ranch and mine
owner of Newman, arrived here yesterday.
S. G. Thompson, a business man oi Santa
Rosa, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. Jacobs, the great landowner and big
wheat-raiser of Vlsalia, is at the Occidental.
C. W. Thompson, a general store proprietor
of Tomales, is on a business trip to the City.
Harry Postlethwaite, one of the extensive
grain-growers of Tulare, Is a recent arrival
here.
The Rev. William H. Stoy, rector of one of
the Episcopal Churches at Marysville, is in
town.
G. W. McCutcheon, a wealthy farmer of
Bakersfield, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel with
his wife.
E. B. Willis, editor of the Sacramento
Record-Union, has been in the City for the
last day or two.
Captain Berryman of the United States
ship Alert is at the Occidental, accompanied
by Mrs. Berryman.
Hon. 8. M. Shortridge, who has been con
fined to his bed by a serious Illness since last
Thursday, is convalescing, and expects to be
up about the end of this week.
Justice Stephen J. Field of the United States
Supreme Court is preparing for an early re
turn to Washington. He will probably go
East by the Canadian Pacific road.
General Manager Harrison of the London
and Northwestern Railroad, Robert Trumbuil
and C. A. Bttratoni, also ot the company, and
several ladies returned lrom. the Yosemite
yesterday.
Colonel Crocker, W. H. Mills. W. F. Herrln
and General Manager Krutschnitt of the
Southern Pacific returned yesterday from Lake
Tahoe, where they have been on a few days'
pleasure trip.
Dr. P. J. N. Farrell, whose marriage in
Duluth to Miss Edna Greatsinger recently was
told in the San Francisco papers at the time,
arrived hero yesterday, accompanied by his
bride. They are at the Palace.
P. A. Buell, the wealthy manufacturer of
Stockton, who is treasurer and a large stock
holder in the newly organized company to
build a standard gauge railroad from Stockton
to JacKson, a distance of sixty miles, is among
the arrivals at the Grand.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 14.-At the West
minster—C. C. Whitman, Mrs. Woolrich, Miss
Woolrich, Mrs. Blxler. Metropolitan— A. Bo
gart, R. E. Geistlich, F. T. Hoyt Jr., F. Btuart.
Hoffman— J. Hirsch. St. Clair— J. C. Smith.
Stewart —A. H. Ward. Grand Union —F.
Flawith. Mrs. Cora Drcsler of Bsn Jose left
the Westminster to sail on the North Ger
man Lloya steamer Trave for Bremen.
OUR NATION IN POLITICS. 1864 TO 1896.
LI HUNG CHANG JONES
Il li untr Chang Jones is the fearsome name
Hlth wiiifti n heartless father has burdened his
kMlpUn and unoffending offspring. It is
pleiiled that the fact that the portion of
Mnnhyr winrnln the child was born on Sunday
i««i in locally known as China lends a certain
tM'l"<>|,i Inti'noss to the selection. "Hut tins
tigenioui plea ought not to be admitted In
' ttion of such an outrage.— Westminster
'.nzi'ttn.
THE REAL DEMOCRACY.
Philadelphia Tiroes (Dem.).
I Ii" tndlanupolis convention will be reoog
ni/.«vl n« tho surviving Democracy of the Con
i'••» "f IHi)tt, and It will be the only Democracy
N"wu iii this future conflicts of the politinl
{•ni 'ii-n of this country. Populism and all it*
t ini'oil hureftUt will be overthrown by auch
-•• majorities in November that no ai-
U nip i will ever be made to revive It umler
J'nuiocratic colors.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
R. C. Harbison, one of the proprietors of the
energetic morning daily, the San Bernardino
Ban, was among the arrivals here yesterday.
Mr. Harbison Is an enthusiastic Republican.
His native State is lowa, where they turn out
strong Republicans. He did newspaper work
on one of the leading dailies of Utah for a time
and got thoroughly seasoned to the business
in San Francisco, in all putting in several
years at it. Two years ago Mr. Harbison went
to San Bernardino and cast his fortunes with
the Sun. He has been so successful that tie
has, in company with a partuer, secured that
paper and is a fixture in tbe solid town of San
Bernardino. Talking yesterday of affairs in
his section Mr. Harbison said:
"We are In the whirl of the campaign, and
it is a particularly lively dne with us. People
may lose sight of it, but San Bernardino
R. C HARBISON, Editor of the San Bernardino "Morning Stm."
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
County is the place which, will supply the
United States with oranges within a few years.
We knew we were sending out the best fruit
which goes to the market, but we were hardly
prepared for the statement coming from the
records at Sacramento that we have more
orange trees than any other county in the
State.
"There are now 250,000 trees in bearing, and
750,000 more young trees are set out, and the
crop will, therefore, be Increased four-fold in
three or four years when these orchards come
into bearing. And the revenue from this crop
of citrus fruit is immense. Last season Red
lands oranges commanded the best price paid,
and there are half a dozen districts which are
vleing with it for the palm.
"And with all this acreage in oranges, saying
nothing about lemons and deciduousfrult.it
is hardly a beginning on the land in our val
ley. Some Eastern passengers coming up on
the overland on which I took passage looked
out o! the windows as the train sped westward
from San Bernardino and saw nothing bu;
waste and uncultivated land and wondered
what it could be utilized for. Yet but a few
miies off were orange and lemon orchhrds,
stretching away for miles, and the land they
were speaking of is equally productive. Back
in the mountains vast reservoirs are being con
structed, and when the water is Drought down
the whole valley will become one vast orange
orchard.
"The newest thing in mining news is the
road which San Bernardino County has just
completed into Randsburg. The road brings
the trade of that new camp tributary to San
Bernardino, coming in by Victor and the
Cajon Puss. That camp gives greater promise
than any ever discovered in the State. The
original ledge is forty feet across, pay ore all
the way, with a four-foot streak that is fabu
lously rich. Other strikes have been made in
the radius of seven miles, and the camp is al
ready furnishing employment to several hun
dred men, and as soon as the winter rains
come and the temperature moderates the num
ber will be largely increased.
"The intolerable summer on the desert pre
vents prospecting generally, but mining men
tell me that more prospectors will po out this
fall than ever before. The Raudsburg ledgo
and the Desert Queen and other good finds to
the east of us have excited interest in mines,
and the season promises to be an active one.
"Politically we are all torn up, but McKin
ley will come over Tehachapi with a good ma
jority, and we will send Bowers back to Con
gress from the Seventh District. When Bryan
was nominated, and in the few weeks succeed
ing, the free-silver people kicked up such a
dust that we seemed to be lost; but two months
served to clear the atmosphere. It was nothing
to be alarmed at. In one precinct that I know
of, just out of town, a McKinley Club with
forty members has been organized. The
precinct gave Estee but twenty-five votes two
years ngo, and the population is not increased.
In another one the McKinley Club has 106
members, more than half the total number of
voters, and a month ago the Bryan people as
serted that there were not enough Republicans
there to officer a club.
"Of course there are parts of our county
which are strong for the free-silver candidate,
but the Idea that he is going to sweep the
southern counties Is founded on an estimate
of the situation made six weeks ago. The Re
publicans have been at work. The meeting
held in our city three weeks ago, when S. M.
Shortridge was there, has started the ball all
over the county, and the sound-money Demo
crats ai-e also doing noble work. It Mr. Bryan
carries thia State he must look elsewhere than
to Southern California for his majority."
LOS ANGELES REJOICES.
I/O* Angeles Times.
Los Angeles County is benefited in the sum
of $22,000 through the raising of the assess
ment of San Franclpco City and County. Un
der the present adjustment that City and
County must pay taxes upon a valuation of
$425,000,000, being an increase of $70,000,
-000. At one time a reduction of 10 per cent
was proposed for this county, and San Fran
cisco Is said to have been favorable to such re
duction, provided that her own assessment
was permitted to remain at the figures made
by nor Assessor. Deputy District Attorney
Ho", ton went to Sacramento a few days ago In
connection with this matter, and co-operated
with Mr. Arnold, the member of the State
board from this county, to bring about the
prntent result. Under the proposeJ reduction
Los Ame lei would have gained about $4000
iv Uio matter of btute taxes, but under the
ulan Kiirrrssfully engineered by .Mr. Arnold
and Mr. Holton tho saving to our taxpayers Is
*2'J,000, or a net gain of $18,000 over the
scheme advocated by the commercial organi
zations of this city. This county has reason to
congratulate its representatives.
WOOL DEMONETIZED.
Bakersfield Callfornian.
Henry Marshall of Hanford is in receipt of
the following letter from the Shoobert-Beale
Company of San Francisco, wool commission
merchants, which shows how wool has been
"demonetized" by the Wilson bill:
Dear Sir: We are In receipt of your letter Inclos
ing tbe shipping receipt of seventeen bales of fall
wool.
Wool Is to-day absolutely without value, as there
is none selling, and as we have your last fall wool
on nana unsold we do not know when there will
be a market for that class. Under the circum
stances, we can advance you no money on the
wool until business is settled and tbere Is a selling
price. This Is the preliminary effect of the silver
craze, and If men will not get around and vote for
aicKluley matters will be worse.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Customer— lsn't $2 a bottle rather high for
cod-liver oil?
Druegist— Ordinarily, ye 3; but you forget,
sir, that you get this by prescription.— Bay City
Chat.
"That fellow makes money hand over fist."
"Indeed, what's his business?"
"Pugilist."— Detroit News.
"That whisky's fifteen yearß old," whispered
the bartender.
"Lookey here," answered his rural customer,
"don't try to git funny with me. You kin JLst
pour that thar stuff back into th* bottle, an'
I'll go whar I kin git sunthin* fresh."—De
troit Free Press.
Alice— l heard something about you to-day.
Anne— Yes; this new lining they are using
in dresses makes a frightful noise, doesn't it?—
Yonkers Statesman.
Wreckel— Lovell, I believe you said, is writ
ing poetry T
Slimp— No, sir, I didn't; I said he was writ
ing rhyme.— Philadelphia North American.
"Gracious," said the summer boarder.
"What is that tower with the great wheel on
top of It?"
"That there is a windmill," the farmer ex
plained.
"Really? About how much wind will it turn
out in a day?"— lndianapolis Journal.
Willy— Do animals go to heaven, parson?
Parson Goodman— No, William— probably
not; at least, we have no reason to think so.
Willy— Then the milk and honey in heaven
must be canned goods. I suppose.— Puck.
Hostetter McGlnnls— What is the reason
mothers who go to watering-places are always
accompanied by their daughters?
Mr. Manhattan Beach— That's an old cus
tom. It goes back *o the time when Rebecca
captured her husband, Isaac, at the well. Ever
since women have been going to watering*
places to catch husbands.— Texas Sifter.
"It's a great shame," said Wilkes. "There's
that Miss Burleigh with $3,000,000 in her own
right and hopelessly ugly."
"What? Nonsense!" said Barlow. "Why,
my dear fellow, a woman with that amount of
money can't help being a perfect belle."—Har
per's Bazar. ______________
LITTLE GIRL'S DRESS.
The bishop sleeve Is the ideal shape for chil
dren's dresses, being comfortable as well as
stylish. The one pictured here is made with
out a fitted lining, and is finished with a very
rofTmtofdVry! * the **'" they Si"
A dress of novelty wool had the pointed
SclFwUh^k 1 , Plain lf^t blue cloth cov
ered with dork green soutache braid.
*£*£** °« rown 80 »-finish serge had points
££o C w wh°i f t ce b i r a°cl «***«•*&
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
When in good health Lord Rosebery aver
ages about five hours' sleep out of the twenty-
The eldest son of the late Sir John Millais is
one of the most successlul breeders oi hounds
in England.
Philip T. Colgrove of Hastings, Mich., who
has just been elected world's supreme chan
cellor of the Knights of Pythias, is 37 years of
age, a native of Indiana, a graduate of Olivet
College and a practicing lawyer of Hastings.
It is said that Arthur Sewall, the Democratic
Vice-Presidential candidate, has the best vege
table garden in Maiue.
For the first time since 1867 the Queen of
the Belgians has gone on a long visit to France
She is at Chantilly, as the guest of the Due
d'Aumale.
Miss Ellen Arthur, a daughter of the lato
President Arthur, has arrive* in this country
after an extended trip through Europe. She
will live at her home in Albany.
Miss Kate Sanborn, who has herself becom 9
a farmer, was one of the speakers at the New
Hampshire State Grange fair.
It has been Ade.ina Pattys annunl custom to
sing at a benefit for the Swansea Hospital, but
she will not take part in it this year because
the admission price has been set at half a
guinea instead of a guinea.
Zola is not a rich man. In spite of the enor
mOus success of his books and the large annual
Income lie has received from their sale, like
many other authors, he has not possessed that
business capacity which would enable him to
take care of or accumulate a fortune. Those
who know him best predict that he will die a
poor man, __
SEPTEMBER.
Purple asters here at last.
And thistle seed H-blowing!
And what is this in the blackbird's song*
The locusts pipe it shrill and long.
Over and over: "Past— past— past—
The summer days are going!"
Stay, chattering squirrel ! Why this tret
For hoard you're sure to gather?
And cunning spinner, why so soon
A shroud to weave— a last cocoon?
The bitter frost Is far off yet,
Though summer days are going.
Perhayg (who knows?) to grass and fern
Comes bitter pang in turning
From youth 10 aae. Perhaps the wood
Rebels against a faded hood.
Aud wouid escape it if It could:
And that with wrath the sumachs burn,
When summer days are going !
Jane Marsh Paskeb, in the Outlet
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS
He Wouldn't Bun Much.
Fresno Republican.
The announcement that Grover Cleveland
will not run for the Presidency need not sur
prise anybody. He wouldn't, anyway— not to
speak of. -■..■.
As Compared With Silver Countries.
Santa Cruz Sentinel.
As hard as the times are now with us can
any silverite name a silver country where they
aro better off than they are in America?
Think this question over.
The State Board's Raise.
U: -.,V Nevada City Herald.
. The State Board of Equalization gave Ban
Francisco a good, stiff raise, its assessment be
ing increased about 20 per cent. It is hard for
anyone to see how values increased 20 per
cent in one year— and such a year.
Free Coinage Under Proper Conditions.
Pasadena Star.
Let it not be forgotten that the Republican
party, which is now being held up as a terrible
example of the goldbug disease, has shown it«
friendship tor silver by coining more of that
metal than have all other political parties
combined in the history of the Government
The same party now refuses to give its sanc
tion to the coinage of silver under condition*
and to an extent that will discredit it in the
eyes of our people and those of the world.
The Distinction.
Chlno Champion.
The fallacy that free and unlimited coinage
of silver means bimetallism is being exploded.
Free and unlimited coinage of silver at 16 to 1
means silver monometallism, because as the
cheaper coin It will drive gold out of circula
tion. The Republican party proposes to main
tain silver on a parity with gold, keeping both
in circulation, and to foster the industrial and
commercial life of the Nation so that an in
creased coinage will go into circulation un
biased and undebased. - ■: ;. ~*
Gh.o-.t-i That Walked.
Fresno Republican.
A ghost of a Greenback party which had
long been dead one - day met | another ghost
which had just arrived in the land of shades.
"Ah, there 1" said the ghost of the Greenback
party, "are you not the — the—"
"I am the ghost of the Populist party," said
the other, seeing that the other hesitated.
"Alas! So you, too, have been fusing with
the Democratic party, have you?"
And together they walked away into the
dense shadows.
Fresh buttercups, 25c a pound, Townsend'i.^
• — • — «
Special information daily to manufacturari,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
• — « —
Husband's calcined magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded more agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark labels. • ■-
• — ♦ — «
The Deadly Cigarette.
HtocKton Mail.
•'Cigarettes killed him." This is a sentence
one reads nearly every day. But the small boy
continues to smoke the vicious things, without
interference by his elders and sometimes with
their consent and connivanc;. As well give
him arsenic; it would be more merciful.
College lartv.
A party of college people and their friends will
leave for Chicago and various Eastern universities
on next Tuesday evening, the 15th of September.
They have chartered a special Northern Pacific
tourist car, upholstered in leather, and no objec
tionable person will be admitted. For really first
class accommodations at second-class rates, this Is
the finest excursion of the year. Reservation* are
now being made, but a few more will be admitted.
For full Information apply to T. K. Stateler. gen
eral agent Northern Pacific Railway, 638 Market
street. San Francisco.
Arc You Going Kast
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because or la palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la _j
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. S&a
Francisco Ticket office, t, 14 Market street. Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1631. Oakland.
1118 Broadway.
* ♦ *
Dr. Sieokbt a Angostura Bitters are the best
remedy for removing indigestion and all disease*
of the digestive organs.
Whhsi your food has no relish the stomach
needs to be cleans' d and strengthened by a dose
or two of Ayer*s Pills.
• >
Democratic Sonhistrj
Alameda Argus.
The Democratic harp of a thousand strings
just now is the "poor workingman." He is
told that he will prosper if everybody else
suffers; that the total destruction of publx
confidence will make work so plenty thai it
will go a-be^ging; that if only tne "plutocra
cy" is round y cinched and those who have a
little something are ruiued it will make th.s a
glad land for the laborer. Seethe Examiner.
Absolutely Pure.
a. cream of tartar baking powder._HlghMt ot
elflS "Evening strength-fa^ United State,
«SSl?£££3K&«» Co, New v orl c1 CESDAY SEPTEMBER 15, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Bai.tvwttc Thuatfti —-Madame S&n* Gene."
California Tim up " the Bowery."
CorrnßiA Thkatbtr— "A Matrimonial Mare."
J^riF.csco's cii.RA-liotrsjt — -The Danger signal"
Tivoi.i CFEBA-nor*jc— "Hansel and GreteL 1
Crphf.cm— High-Class Vaudeville.
4 lcazab Thutie.- "Ours."
t-iTKo Bathi»— Bathing and performances.
fcEcor the Chctks— Dally at Haight street,
cr.e tlock east of the Park.
MECHANICS' INSTITITTTE Pa vixjox— Twenty-
ninth Industrial Exposition.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion-— the Golden Gate, Sunday, Sep-
tember £0. - ■
AUCTION SALES.
By Chas. 1-svy <£ Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Furniture at salesroom, 1136 Market street, at 10
c clock.
By P. J. Babth.— This day (Tuesday). Notions,
etc, at 414 McAllister street, at 2 o'clock.
By L. H. BrßD— This day (Tuesday). Furni-
ture, nt 410^ McAllister street, at 11 o'clock.
By Inimana Arcriojf Co.-This day (Tuesday).
.Fumliure, etc.. at 1057 Market st^ at 11 o'clock.
l.v Frank W. BPTTK»fi«a.D— This day (Tues-
day), Furniture, at 2428 "Sacramento street, at
2 o'clock.
By E. S. Sptab & Co.— Thursday. September
17. Bicycles, at 31-33 Sutter street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
It was the Olympic Club's night at the Me
chanics' Pavilion last evening.
The local lub-treaaury yesterday received
$ 1,000,000 from tne sub-treasury at Chicago.
The Winthrop trial was yesterday postponed
until to-day to procure a witness residing In
Ukiah.
Editor Osborne of Los Angsles spealcs en
couraginrly of Republican prospects in Log
Angeles.
The lady president* of the Woman Suffrage
City Precinct clubs held an executive meeting
yesterday.
The Imperial Cycling Clnb heard & number
of specially invited orators on the new charter
last evening.
Dr. Cheeney, M.D., addressed the Presbyte
rian pastors yesterday on "The Resurrection
of the Body."
Many valuable additions to the State Board
of Trade's exhibit at 16 Post street have been
made recently.
The streetcar employes met last niirht In
Native Sons' Hall and permanently organized
a Republican Club.
N. v>\ Abner Doble and James
Patterson were attached yesterday nt the in
stance of J. G. Giesting.
The Printers' Rain Clnb has issued elegant
invitations for its second outing next Thurs
day at San Rafael Park.
Six fishermen were arrested early yesterday
morning in Sulsun Bay for using nets with
meshes forbidden by law.
Mrs. Eli Hazel, 830 Geary street, died at the
Receiving Hospital yesterday afternoon from
swallowing a dose of poison.
Increasing cloudiness, fre«h westerly winds
and a threatening night is wnat the Weather
Bureau has provided for to-day.
J. E. Moore, a special poUcercan, committed
suicide yesterday by jumping overboard from
the Bay' City, opposite Gost Island.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke lectured at Metropolitan
Temple on "The Son of the Carpenter," treat
ing of the labor problem in detai l .
The funeral of Mrs Lydia A. Spalding was
held yesterday, and the interment waa in
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
The Board of Supervisors met yesterday to
discuss the tax levy and parsed resolutions
condemning the State Boanl of Equalization.
Attorney George Hayford was yesterday held
to answer before the Superior Court by Judge
Conlan on the charge of felony embezzlement.
The cases against the five Socialists charged
with obstructing the street on August 29 were,
on motion, dismissed by Judge Conlan yester
day.
Francisco Fernandez, a boy of 10 years, who
claims to have been cruelly beaten by his
mother, has been sent to the County Hospital
for treatment.
Dr. Cyrus W. Teed says he is prepared to
demonstrate that the earth is concave and a
hol'ow shell and that the sun is moving aDOu:
In its interior.
The residents of the San Bruno road com
plain of deep injustice from the authorities
and the railroad company for isolating them
from tne rest of the City.
The police want an owner for a fine mackin
tosh coat found in the possession of John Fitz
patrick. a thief, who was arrested on Brenham
place Saturday afternoon.
A. letter from Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, offering to
donate a farm at fean Anselmo, was read yes
terday at the meeting of the directors of the
Presbyterian Orphanage and Farm.
W. Kel'.y, an ex-conyict, Patrick Tnlly and
John Tullv were last night charged with burg
lary for having broken into the California
Warehouse, Second and Townsead streets.
The Union Ir^n Works has practically ae
cured a contract for building one of the three
immense battie-ships authorized by the last
session of Congress. The price bid was
£2.673.000.
R. H. Pease, vice-president of the Goodyear
Rubber Company, states that no notice was
ever issued by the authority of that company
threatening to discharge empolyes who should
vote for Bryan.
Professor William H. Brewer of Ys'e, who^is
one of the United States Forestry Commission,
will leave for home to-day. He says there has
been great destruction of the forests of the
West in recent years.
The San Francisco Letter Carriers' Conven
tion Association. met last night and took steps
to raise funds for entertaining the delegates
in J897 during the next National convention,
to be held in this City.
o. L. Morrow of Hillsboro, Ohio, who i» on a
tour of < bservation and pleasure throughout
the Sta'e. fays that the tide is turning in the
Ea«t aud McKinley will be elected by the larg
est majority ever Known.
Little Alberto Conscio. alO-vear-oid native of
Peru, was found in a wretched condition hid
den in a buggy at Buctman's camp by Patrol
man Krrn, and says his gad state is due to P.
Bacigalupi of 24 Dolan street.
Mrs. Elizabeth Cavanaugh has brought suit
against her husD&nd, Maurire Cftvanaugh, ami
her son, Robert P. Cavanaugh, charging them
•with acquiring possession of her property
after kidnaping and confining her in an asy
lum.
George Green and Thomas Kelly, two young
burglars who were arrested in the house of W.
D. Keyston, 1116 Bush street, on the night of
September 5. were yesterday held to answer
bef >re the Superior bourt by Judge Campbell
in $2000 bonds each.
Vi". S. r.oodfellow gave his deposition before
Notary Latham yesterday in the Fair will liti
gation, but refused to produce any of the late
Senator's wills, of which he Bays there are a
number in the vault. Mr. Delmas will ask an
order of the court to compel him to do so.
For the Charter.
There will be a charter mass-meeting under
the auspices of the Panhandle and Ashbury
Heights Improvement Club at 1970 Page
street this evening. F. W. Dohrmann, presi
dent oi the Merchants' Association; James D.
Phelan, president of the Citizens' Charter As
sociation, and J. Richard Freud, the secretary,
will address the members of the club upon the
provision's of the new charter.
The management of the Mechanics' Fair in
tends to hold a debate upon the charter this
evening ftnd A. P. Van Duzer and fleury R.
Clement have consented to speak in defense of
the charter.
An Ex-Convict Captured.
William McElroy, alias Williams, an ex-con
vict, was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on charges of vagrancy and carrying a con
cealed weapon. He was arrested on Friday by
Sergeant Donovan. Two men called at the
sergecnt's residence, li'J37 Polk street, and
:hey saw him they both ran and escaped.
Donovan caught McElroy. who was standing
I a« the "lookout." McElroy
w»s sent lo San Quentin four years ago tor
robbing a man on iiiyant street, and was r<_
ieaised on June 12.
Kimua I« Insane.
Emma Peterson, a young woman who was
rued from jumping off Clay-street wharf
last wt-t* by Sergeant Mahoney, was fuun-J
wandering aronnd the water front yesterday
in a demented condition. Bhe was sent to the
K e( .«.;^ liland her brother, who lives
«t 1911 O'Farrell street, swore to a complaint
charging her with insanity.
Ira.Ranking Estate Sued
Oliver Ellsworth, administrator of the estate
>: >-th Brvant, yesterday began suit against
;he estate of Ira P. Ran kin for $3793 alleged
io be the balance due on a $10,000 legacy left
'«• th Bryant by Edwin Bryant, oX whose will
Baakin was executor.
SHIPS CROWDING
THE FERRY WAY
Four of Them Had to Be
Moved by the Chief
Wharfinger.
VESSELS IX DEMAND.
Freight Rates Going Up and
Ship-Owners Again
Happy.
ARE A DRUG IN THE MARKET.
Potatoes Being Shipped to San Fran
cisco ani Then Back to
Stockton-
Tne demand for deep-water tonnage i?
on the increase, and in consequence quite
a number of vessels are on their way to
this port in ballast. Tramp steamers
have relieved tLe glut in a measure, but
still the shippers of wheat and barley are
anxious to secure more vessels. Rates
have advanced to £1 8s 94, but disengaged
vessels are asking £1 10s. and the chances
are that the end of the week will see an
advance on even that ngure.
The new arrivals expect to go direct to
the grain sheds, and in consequence anchor
in the mest convenient spot. Many of
them get in the fairway and yesterday the
State tug Governor Markh&m had to be
called into requisition four times in ordsr
to notify the captains to move their res
sets. Chief Wharfinger Root and Assist
ant Chief Wnarfinger Scott were kept on
the jump all day in order to keep the way
clear for the ferry-boats.
Among the arrivals was the ship Meri
oneth from Swansea. Captain Rowland
reports a long passage of 130 days from
Swansea. He has the usual tale of head
winds and heavy weather off the Horn
and calms in the Pacific to tell, but never
theless the vessel made better time than
she did last year. The Merioneth carries
the champion flag, having made the run
from England to this pott in the fastest
time on record. Captain Thomas, now of
the Afon A. aw, was in command, but he
was never able to get the same speed out
of the ship. The Merioneth will load
wheat for Liverpool.
On Friday, July 17, the ship was hove-to
under fore and main lower-topsails.
Thomas Paul was on watch and a heavy
sea that broke aboard carried him away.
A life buoy was thrown to him but he
failed to reach it. An attempt was made
to lower a boat, but the seas were breaking
so heavily that it had to be given up.
Nothing could be done for the unfortu
nate man and bis shipmates had to stand
on the forecastle and watch him drown.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aia
meda is going out with one of the biggest
cargoes ever sent to the southern seas on a
passenger steamer. Hundreds of tons of
goods have been refused shipment, and
when sailing day comes there wi;l be many
disappointed shippers. Tne lower hold
and 'tween decks are full and vegetables
and fruit are now being stowed on deck.
The passenger accommodation is also
fully engaged, so the steamer will be one
of the best-filled vessels that has ever
sailed from San Francisco for Australasia.
People are wondering what has become
of the handsome little schooner Una, now
out 86 days from Eureka for San Jose de
Guatemala? This is an unusually long
passage, but then the light winds and
calms that have prevailed on the coast
may have deiayed her. Captain Hark ns
was in command and the BChooner carried
a crew of seven men. In view of the fact
that one of the Italian fishermen saw a
schooner bottom up, or on her beam ends,
off the Golden Gate, some anxiety is felt
on account of the schooner.
A horse and buggy belonging to the
Fulton Iron Works backed off Bryant
street pier yesterday. The driver escaped,
but the horse was drowned.
Another big carrier has been added to
the lumber fleet, says the Coos Bay New-.
The Echo was successfully launched at
North Bend last week. She is a splendid
vessel, one of the largest ever built on the
coast, and when completed will load a
cargo of 1,000.000 feet of lumber at North
Bend for Australia direct.
Potatoes are a drug on Jackson-street
wharf. Like the recent glut in the peir
market, no one seems to want them, and
shippers are actually tending them to
Stockton. The prowers ship them to San
Francisco and the commission men send
them up the river again in order to get rid
of them. The tubers do not pay expenses,
and the farmer is out and injured.
No word has been received from tne
British steamer Linlithgow, that left here
July 31 last. She was bound for Leith
with 4011 tons of wheat and when last
heard from was drifting about off Aca
pulco. Mo assistance was sent to her and
insurance men are now wondering what
has become of her. She was fully manned
and well equipped, but stili she may drift
for weeks before being picked up.
The sealing schooner Jane Gray is under
surveillance by Uncle Sam's Custom-house
inspectors. She was seized in Bering Sea
by the revenue cutter Corwin, and as soon
as Captain Hooper gets back to port
criminal proceedings will be begun against
the captain and officers of the schooner.
ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
A Large Shipment of Gold to the Local
Sob-Treasury.
A week on two ago there was much com
ment upon the fact that many or the
bankers and large financiers of this City
were preseating greenbacks and other cur
rency at the sub-treasury and taking out
gold in large quantities in exchange. It
was feared that this run was for no good
purpose.
Yesterday the local sub-treasury re
ceived $1,000,000 in gold from the sub
treasury m Chicago. This precious ship
ment was made to keep up the supply of
gold on this coast and to partly offset the
recent redemption of currency, which
amounted to about $5,000,000 taken out in
August. In July about $:3,000,00U in gold
was shipped to the sub-tressurv in New
York. It is believed that yesterday's con
signment from Chicago will be all that is
necessary to meet the demands of the
near future, as all of the large payments
sn currency made in the East to Cail
fornia fruit and produce dealers have
been exchanged for gold at the local sub
treasury. At present there is about
$40,000,000 in goid, silver and currency io
tiie sub-treasury, and enough of eacn to
meet the demands of all local and Pacific
Coast business.
Williams' Divorce Case Shelved.
Judge Hunt yesterday ordered the divorce
caseof Isabelle M. William* agafnn convicted
ex-Chinese Inspector Dick Williams off the
calendar until Williams U released from jail.
A Woman Insolvent
N*. Neilson has fi!<;d a petition In insolvency
be owes $2372 and has no available assets.
Piles! Pile*! Mac's Infallible Pile Care.
Cures ail cases of blind, bleeding, itching
and protruding piles. Price 50c A. Mcfioyle
<Sc Co., druggists, 504 Washington street. *
fHE SAN FRA>'CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
The State Tugs Markham and Irwin Were Kept Busy Yesterday Moving Deep-Water Ships From the
Fairway. Among the Arrivals Was the Crack Ship Merioneth That Flies the Champion Flag.
PLAYS SEEN IT
LOCAL THEATERS
" A Matrimonial Maze "
Arouses Mirth at the
Columbia.
SANS GENE'S LAST WEEK
"Ours," a Robertsonian Comejy,
Is Revived at the Alcazar
Theater.
DANGER SIGNAL AT THE GRAND
Hnmperdinck's Beautiful Music Would
Bs Improved by Better
Principals.
The Frawley company has found a
treasu^-trove of laughter in "A Matri
monial Maze," which was produced for the
first time in this City at the Columbia
Theater last night. From the time the
curtain first went up till it fell at the end
of the last act the audience was kept in a
continual flow of mirth by the humorous
aevelopments of the farcical comedy.
Walter S. Craven has well named his
piece "A Matrimonial Maze." The whole
action of the play hinges on a system of
marriages, and the development of the
story is as winding and unexpected as a
good, old-fashionea maze. At every turn
the dramatis persons seem to be coming
to a situation out of which there is no pos
sible outlet, except by a general confession
and explanation, when lo and behold ! by
some ingenious device, another turn is
given to events and the action of the piece
pursues its mazy way as briskly as ever,
till the climax It finally reached, at a point
when continuation in matrimonial deception
has become impossible, except by making out
both the youthful herues to be bigamists and
giving both their fathers breach of promise
suits with elderly housekeepers.
The whole piece is full of comical situations
and a cold pynopsis of its mazy story could
give no idea o! the lun it contains. The im
pression left on the mind is that Harry Corsen
Clarke, as Jakel Musgeridge, M. A., of Oxford,
is one of the worst ill-used characters in faxce
comedy, not excepting the "Private Secre
tary," to whom he bears a strong family re
semblance. Jakel is tutor to two "boys" whose
fathers provide them with a nice flat in New
York City and otherwise minister to their
wants, even to the extent of fiudiug wives for
them.
Now, it happens that the youths have al
ready provided £or themselves to the latter
rsspect, but when fear of the parental wrath
strUes them each "boy" introduces his wife
to hi* father as the wife of Jakel Muggeridge.
Each father has seen a different wife and in
the kindness of his heart each trots off to New
York and brings the wlfa he knows, as a joy
ful surprise to JaKel in his country retreat, oy
which means the wretched bachelor suddenly
appears la the light of a hardened bigamist.
These are only a small share of the misfor
tunes which befeh Jakel Muggeridge. M.A..
and all of them affora the audience plenty of
amusement. Harry Corsen Clarke, who had
made nimself up as a pocket edition of Henry
Irving, gave a clever rendering of the tutor's
role. Must o! his misfortunes were met with
the sad expression, -"How very awkward!"
and his mincing, pedantic way of throwing
the phrase at his oppressors' heads never failed
to arouse a laugh.
Maclyn Arbuckie added a good deal to the
success of "A Matrimonial M*xe" by his
spirited delineation of one of tho fathers, a
retired grocer. He was the talking member
of the parental combine. His partner,
Tyrone Power, seldom opened his mouth
except to say "yes." or "no," but he
did that very effectively. Frank Worth
irg and Charles Wyngate were the
"boy," aud the roles of tapir lawful wives
were cleverly taken by Miss Blanche Bates and
Miss Hope Rosa. Miss Alice Plxley and Miss
Anna Daly were both good as the Prospective
wives, proposed oy the lathers. The parts of
the two housekeepers, with whom the fathers
contemplated allying themselves, were taken
effectively by Miss Madge Carr Cook and Miss
Phosa McAllister.
At the Baldwin.
"Mme. Sans Qsne" is still interesting Bald
win audiences. Miss Kathryn Kidder wins
plenty of applause nightly, and several other
members of the large cast have become popu
lar with playgoers. Taia la the last week of
"Mme. Sans Gene."
At the Tivoli.
A second hearing only confirms the impres
sion of the great beauty of Humperdlnck's
music, which was given on Sunday night.
Some changes in the cast of "Hansel and
Gretel" might yet make the opera a local hit,
and the Tivo'.i, In its grand opera company,
has excellent artists at its disposition. The
mistake has Deen made by imagining that any
singers were good enough for a fairy
opera, but if a new and better soprano and
mezzo-soprano were put on the fallacy of this
belief would soon be apparent. As it Is, how
ever, "Hansel and Crete." is more than worth
hearing for the sake of the few scenes that are
well sung and for the exquisite beauty of its
orchestral score.
At the Chutes.
There are a number of new features at the
Chutes' Casino this week. The lady who
walks on the ladder of swords commands
quiet but universal attention. Queena De
Rein, the young singer from Ktater <& Blal's,
has some new songs which she sings well, and
the Japanese acrobats and John Garbutt, a
clever foggier, help out the programme.
There is still the mile bicycle race between
two young ladies on the stago and Antonio
Pirri takes his dash down the chutes on a bi
cycle at 10 o'clock.
At the California.
It was only a fair house outside of the gal
lery that greeted Steve Brodie at the Califor
nia, but all enjoyed the Bowery barroom and
kindred scenes. San Francisco audiences are
keen to appreciate the phases of human na
ture as portrayed ia the p>ay. Steve Brodie is
known by reputation throughout the conti
nent, and there is much curiosity to see the
realization of the conception of the Bowery
boy. The theater-going people of this City
have had Sullivan and Corbett as actors, but
it remained for Brodie and his saloon to come
here and r>>und out tne full portrait of a typi
cal American character. The play will run all
the rest oi the week.
At the Alcazar.
The military piece "Ours" was the produc
tion presented at the Alcazar Theater last
evening, and its reception by the sudience
waa at times marked with prolonged applause,
particularly the tableau at the close of the
second act, when there is seen the departure
of the English troops for the seat of war. There
is but a small cast, still each actor and actress
has & good part. Adele Belgarde as Blanche
Haye, the heroine, gave a pleasing
interpretation of the part, while Amy
Lee, who made such a hit in the
character of the servant in "All the Comforts
of Home last week, was charming as Mary
Netley, a part in which repartee and sarcasm
are the chief characteristics. She gave proof
of her thorough understanding o! the char
acter. Mrs. Bates came in for the honors as
Lady Shcndryi-r. J. B. Polk was acceptable as
Prince Pitrovsky and the other participants
gave evidence of careful study. The piece is
well staged and ought to draw well during
tne week.
At the Orpheum.
There was, as urual, a large crowd at the
Orpheum Music Hull last night to witness the
several interesting numbers on the pro
gramme, which were received with much ap
plause and many demands for more, but the
ohief attraction was the last number, the high
wire performance of Abdullah, which is san
satloniil in t.ie highest degree. The per
former ascends a tight-wire from the back of
:he «;asfe to the Ceiling, the wire being sev- j
er.ty-tive feet long and at an angle of 45 de
grees. With a Japanese umbrella, instead of 1
a balanclnf-poi», he ascends rapidly, and
then, standing upright on the wire, slides
down backward with a rapidity that causes
those who witness the act to bold their breath.
The performance is daring and thrilling.
Grand Opera-House.
The first performance of "The Danger Slg
na." was presented last night with lovable
little Lottie Williams in the leading role and
laughable Edward J. Heron to furnish a well
sustained thread of humor that balances the
piece and prevents it from appearing more pa
thetic than an ordinary audience wishes for in
an eveniug's entertainment.
The interest is held to the last through a
combination of uncertain love affairs that
leave the spectators guessing at the outcome
an 1 generally surprised at the final turn of
affairs. Way out in Wyoming at a little place
called Laramie Bena is an o.d station-master
i and his motherless daughter, a wild prodnct oi
mining-camp iife and rough surroundings,
who plays poker for money with the best of
them because no one ever suggested that it
was wrong.
A regiment of United States soldiers takes
up its station la the neighborhood. A dashing
young lieutenant pays attention to the pretty,
vivacious, but strong-minded little girl and
she poses for his sketches. A young borderman,
i who has been an ardent admirer for years, be
, comes threateningly jealous. T.-.ere is an
Eastern girl betrothed to the lieutenant, and
to complicate matters she appears upon the
scene, the lieutenant's mother gets wind of
his mountain charmer, and she hastily de
termines to avoid the possibility of what she
considers an unequal social match.
In the midst oi it all, a train is robbed, and
the station master is seen late that night to
fight with aud hurl a man into the water near
the scene of the robbery. The absolute disap
pearance oJ trie roober and the strong circum
stantial evidence against the stationmaster
form a combination that makes < the old man
live in constant fear, until at last the mis^in?
man turns up alive aud the father sees his
daughter unitea with the brave man after the
lieutenant and his Eastern girl have suffered
the keenest remorse. There are many good
biis o! acting in the piece with plenty of
thrilling incidents and realistic scenery.
THE LETTER-CARRIERS.
Ratification Meeting in Connection With
the National Convention Coin-
ing Here in 1897.
The San Francisco Letter-carriers' Con
vention Association held its first meeting
for the ratification of having received the
next National convention for this City in
1897.
Secretary Trieber reported that he had
received word from tae delegates at Grand
Rapids, Mich., that San Francisco had
been voted the convention on the first
ballot; that New York City had voted in
a body, casting seventy votes fcr this City,
and other Eastern cities had done the
same thing. The delegates from this City
had been serenaded by the New York Let
ter-carriers'band of fifty pieces and right
royally treated.
The'association decided to issue souve
nirs with pictures or the past Postmasters
and other information concerning the
Postoffice, and as soon as the committee is
ready the contract for printing them will
be awarded and they will be issued to the
general public early next year.
A committee consisting of Thomas E.
Finnegan. George W. Spilier, Frank E.
Smith, James H. Smith and Conrad
Irieber was appointed to raise funds
and issue the souvenir. It was
thought that from |6000 to $3000 would
have to be raised. Letters were read
from business firms offering assistance,
and it was decided to jrive entertainments
to htlp raise that amount. Over 400 dele
gates will have to be entertained during
tiie convention. A committee on arrange
ments will cc appointed at neit meeting.
Thanks were given to the Southern Pa
cific and Wells, Fargo & Co. for transport,
ing the wii:e given the delegates by vari
ous firms free or charge to Grand Kapids-
Sued on a Contract.
Henry J. Withers, a foreign coal merchant,
has sued John J. Moore for $11,186 24, which
sum includes $5000 damages. and a balance
alleged to b« due on a contract made between
the parties by which Moore agreed to purchase
two cargoes of coal from the plaintiff. ,
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
DR. RAGAN IS ON
RAINEY'S SLATE
The Chairmanship of the
Junta Convention
Decided.
A MERRY ROW TO-NIGHT
Rainey and Lanigan Completely
Control the Small End of
the Party.
COLIN M. BOYD FOR MA YOB.
Some of the Defeated Anti-Rainey
Minority Talk of Bo ting, and
Trouble Nears.
Dr. D. F. Ragan is to be the permanent
chairman of Sam Rainey' s municipal con
vention, which will convene in Odd Fal
lows' Hall to-nignt.
This and other features of the slate were
fixed up last night at a late caucus of the
leading lieutenants of Rainey and Lani
gan and some of the "anarchists' of the
Junta campaign committee who have gone
into a deal to support the Rainey-Lanigau
programme.
Dr. Ragan will probably not be tem
porary chairman, however. C. A. Rey
nolds is likely to be named for that posi
tion.
The fact that the convention has been
won "hands down" by Rainey and Lani
gan was generally conceded by the fright
ened and despairing anti-Raineyites about
headquarters last night. Rainey will ran
the convention.
For the first time close friends of W. P.
Sullivan conceded last night that Mr.
Sullivan was in danger of going down in
the wreck of anti-Raineyites. He wiJl be
the anti-Rainey candidate for chairman
and the vote on chairman will to a Jar^e
degree measure the strength of the Rainey
and the anti-Rainey factions. The Rainey
ites gleefully say that to-night Mr. Sulli
van will be chucke 1 off fhe political 3tage.
The convention promises to be a merry
if not a sensational row and full of sur
prises. But the Rainey jtiggernaut-car
will roll right along to tne end, crushing
the political hopes, a whole lot of "de
cent" but kindergarten politicians.
There is all sorts of talk of bolting, and
a bolt will likely occur, but it will prob
ably be a little one after all and;it won't
amount to much.
Samuel braunhart will not bolt, at least
until the nomination for Senator in the
Seventeenth District is made. Hart is in
his fight, and it is generally conceded that
he will easily win the nomination in spite
ol the Rainey-Daggett efforts to defeat
him.
Max Popper, who has threatened bolt
ing, was a little dazed and uncertain last
night.
"I never in my life knew less about a
convention on the day before," he said.
"I don't know whether or not Rainey haa
the convention, but the cnairmanship
fight will telL As to bolting, I will not
cross a bridge nntil I come to it.
The chairmanship right was all the talk
about headquarters last nieht among the
people who were not on the "inside" with
the Raineyites. Besides Chairman Sulli
van, Dr. Ruttanzi. Attorney Joseph
O'Donnell, Dr. Ragan and Alex Vogel
sang were talked about amid the uncer
tainty, while the Rainey- Lanigan caucus
was coins on elsewhere.
Colin M. Boyd, one of Sam Rainey s
Fire Commissioners, is to be the candidate
for Mayor. Jimmy Phelan appears to be
out of the race with the McNab-Sullivan-
Popper minority.
Gavin McNab, however, kept everybody
guessing about where he was, as usual.
There is a widespread report and belief
that, finding Rainey and Lanigan in con
trol, he has made terms and will get some
recognition out of what Kainey doesn't
want.
City and County Attorney Creswell,
Auditor Broderick and Treasurer Block
are to be renominated as a reward for their
recognition of the Junta.
WARRING DEMOCRATS.
They Failed to Agree Even In
Harmony Hal!.
The warring factions of the Junta De
[ mocracy of the Thirty-fourthAssemblyDi?
-! trict, as represented by twenty-live dele
pates to the municipal convention, met
last evening in Harmony Hall for the pur
pose of patching up disputes and securing
harmony. But not even the name of the
hall could effect tne desired object, and
ttie conference terminated after a pro
tracted executive session.
All that was done was the election of
Robert Mann as chairman of the delega
tion.
George £. Gallagher, the bright young
i leader of the opposition to Sullivan and
j McNab, left the hall after a forcible
speech, in which he accused Chairman
Mann of having attempted to take an un
fair advantage of his side of the contro
versy by the "rawest kind of work."
FOR PALMER AND BUCKNER
Sound-Money Democrats Out With
Their Petitions.
Having decided to put a Palmer and
Buckner electoral ticket in tne field in
this State tne Sound Money Democratic
League- is pushing its campaign for the
National Democracy with speed and vigor.
Yesterday blank petitions were ordered
printed and to-day will be on the streets of
this City and on their way to patriotic
sound-money Democrats throughout the
State who are actively interested in the
cause.
To get the electors on the ticket requires
filing with the Secretary of State a peti
tion bearing nearly 9000 names or 3 per
cent of the vote of the State. The blank
petiiions are made up in book form and
are of three sizes. Some have room for
100 names, some for 200 and some for 500.
These will be busily circulated to-day and
during the next two weeks. The petition
mnst be riled in Sacramento on October 3
at the latest, and all petitions will be
ordered returned by the 23th inst.
Secretary Elliott McAllister is over ears
in the work and is enthusiastically inter
ested.
"It will be little trouble to get the
names," said McAllister yesterday, "as a
majority of the citizens would readily sign
the petition whether they are interested in
Palmer and Huckner or not. To-morrow
we will starl out six or eight paid canvass
ers here in the City, and the members of
the league will carry petiiions with them
and get signatures. We expect thatabout
2000 signatures will be secured by our cor
respondents throughout the State.
"We will not have as extensive co
operation in Los Angeles as we expected,
as the Sound Money League there has
joined with the Business "Men'a Sound
Money Club, and will actively support
McKinley, thus tiring ootb barrels at the
common enemy, as it has been expressed.
"We, of coarse, do not care whetner a
sound-money Democrat votes for McKin
ley and Hobart or Palmer and Buckner,
our object being to defeat Bryan and the
Populist element that has gained tempo
rary control of the party.
"Our electoral ticket was decided upon
because there was a great demand from
the country that the movement be put
through in unison with the National
movement, and also because it was found
that a great many Demcorats who would
not support McKinley wanted a ticket
they could conscientiously support.
"Then four year 3 from now when the
Populists are out of it the National De
mocracy of this campaign will be the cen
tral party organization and control the
National Convention and the delegation
from our organization will be recognized
as the legimate one."
Populist Convention.
The Populist Municipal Convention will
meet this evening in the County Commit
tee's tent on Market street, near Larkln,
for tne purpose of nominating candidates
lor municipal offices to be defeated by the
Republican candidates. Dr. Jerome An
derson and J. Taylor Roeers are men
tioned for the mayoralty, Dr. i)aj wait for
Coroner. J. \V. Reay for County Clerk, J.
D. Thompson for Superintendent of
Streets, A. VV. Thompson, Wiiiiam T.
Bageett and Judges Hunt and Hebbard,
Republicans', for Superior Judges.
Socialist* Undisturbed.
There was an open-air meeting last night at
the corner of Pine and Kearny streets, under
the auspices of the Forty-fifth District Club of
the Socialist Labor party. George Barnaby
presided and made an address dealing with
the moral and legal phases of socialism. T. M.
Anthony and Alvin Appel also spoke. There
was no attempt at interference on the part of
the police, though the roadway on Pine street
ju»t east of Kearuy was well filled with
auditors.
Chinese YFoodchoppers Fight.
»Yah Lounjf, a Chinese woodchopper em
ployed in a woodyard at 714 Dupont street,
waa seriously cut on the head last evening by
another Chinese, whose name is unknown.
The fellow-countrymen had an argument on
HEW TO-DAT.
What a pity that so sat-
isfying, so charming, and yet
so cheap/ a beverage as tea
should be bought wrong
and "made" wrong!
Tea should be fresh —
most tea is stale.
It should be steeped a
few minutes — most tea is
steeped too long or boiled.
Schilling's Best tea is
fresh-roasted, and you can't
make it wrong if you go by
the directions. v
A Schilling; & Company
San Francisco Jjo
WEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
'mi:OLAnatR.<jOTTU)D« G>- u»«An!>n«tA4lM---
fcij^g V IDF BTm
MUGBHG
llpi^/ 7 MATRIMONIAL
/\ niest Thing Kver
1 ./^^v % FRAWLEY
X^2 x^-^ COMPANY.
Next Monday— "lN SPITE OF AM.."
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LAKKIX STEEET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
Tuesday, September 15— Charter Debate; Jap-
anese Night t Union Iron Works.
Wednesday, September 18— Anniversary Mex-
ican Independence: Mandolin Clubs.
Thursday, September 17— Ireland's Night.
Friday. September 18— Oakland Night; Reliance
Glee Club
Saturday, September 19- Berkeley Night; Fire-
men's Night.
YOTIX6 FOR TBETIYE BEST EXHIBITS
September 11 to October I.
PRIZES— 6 GOLD MEDALS.
\ Admission. 25c, Children 15c.——
j OPEN DAK AND KVENINa
. «_ WEW to-pat:
Beauty.
I Beauty's bane is*** vs* ;*
the fading or falling of v^^?
the hair. Luxuriant 'A
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms Is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
the merits of a gambler's life, Loung being a
Sambier as well as a laborer, which culminated
in Loung getting struck on the head with an
ax. Loung was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where his wound was dressed. His assailant
escaped.
Socialists' Meeting.
The Forty-fifth District Socialist Club con
ducted a meeting at the corner of Pine and
Kearny streets last night which was
opened by G. Barmbey with a picturesque de
scription of the condition of the rural popula
tion, in which he has been moving for thepast
three months organizing Socialist clubs. T. M.
Anthony followed, comparing China and tne
East Indies with the United States. J. Oliver
finished the evening with a plea that the
workingmen should study the teneta of busi
ness.
• — ♦ — *
Sued for an Accounting.
• A. B. Waller, who claims to own the lodging
house at 425 Kearny street and 506 California
street, has sued Mrs. A. C. Wayne, who has had
charge of the place, for an accounting, alleg
ing that over $5000 profit is due the plaintiff.
The appointment of a receiver is also asked.
NEW TO-I.AT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
Baldwin -—
' SATURDAY
THE ENGLISH VERSION
Of Sardon's Great Napoleonic Play,
1 ■MA.ID.A.ME SANS C3-ENE3"
(MADAME DON'T CARE),
With KATiiKYN KIDDER in the Title Role.
liast Presentation Will Occur
Next Saturday Evening Sept. 19.
Monday, septemoer 21
Theater Closed for Two Weeks.
Monday, October 5
"THE PRISONER OF ZENDA."
I I — 2d —
I CAuforNIA — -ASK—
I IALIFORNIA LAST WEEK.
LAST PERFORMANCES!
A TRUE PICTURE OF LIFE IN
GREATER NEW YORK.
"ON THE BOWERY!"
WITH
STEVE_BRODIE
SEE THE FUNNY BOWERY
SCENES AND SPECIALTIES.
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
Evenings— to 1. Matinees— 2sc 50c and 75c
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
lua». ta.Mtau.vi J^KEi.ttro, iToprtoior JiMjka*i*:
Tlie Grand. Opera. Season
THIS EVENIKT&—
Humperdinck's Fairy Opera, In Three Acts,
HANSEL AND GRETEL!
A story dear to the hearts of both young and old.
The poetry of melody divinely illustrated by
A SYIPHOSY ORCHESTRA OF THIRTY.
Great Cast.
Beautiful Scenery.
Characteristic Costumes.
Brilliant Light Effects.
Popular Prices— and 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI.TKJR iIOROSCa Sola .Lessee aaJ U*axta
WON IMMEDIATE SUCCESS
"THE DANGER SIGNAL"
By Henry C. de MHIo. author of "The Wife," "The
Charity Ball," "Men and Women," e;c.
A Play of Enthralling Interest.
Wonderful Mechanical and Scenic Effects — A
■■ .■■■ Cannon - rail Express Train — Giant
Rotary Snow Plow.
FOURTH SUCCESSFUL WEEK OF
LOTTIE WILLIAMS — KD J. HERON
In New Songs and Specialties.
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50 0.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stocteton and PoarsU.
Week Commencing Monday. Sept. 14,
Note the New Celebrities f
.A.33IDTJI_jI_i.AJE£ !
Most Daring Hien-Wire .Performer In the World.
MLIjB. Al_ilyl.A.!
Bellman and Moore, Filson and i-.rroll, Vassar
Quartet, Marguerite Ferguson, Terry and Elmer,
Ferguson and Macs am others.
Reserved seats, 25c : Balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seals in advance. .
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Belasco, Come A Jordan-. I^sseei & Managers.
Another Emphatic Success ! A Week of Great Fun !
The Charming Military Comedy, "OURS,"
By the Alcazar Stock Company.
Prices— lsc. 25c, 33c and 50c. Telephone
Black 991. Secure Your In Advance.
NOTABLE
BAY EXCURSION
To Witness MR. CHAS. CAVILL
SWIM THE GOLDEN GATE!
Under the Auspices of the California
Swimming Club.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20,
On which occasion the splendid large Ferry
Steamer NEWARK of the S. P. Co. and the
SAU-AI.ITO of the N. P. C. R. K. Co. will taka
excursionists to the Golden Gate, and after the
swimming exhibition an
rxrnrsion Around the Bay Will Be Hade.
TICKETS sOc. CHILDREN «5«.
Steamers will leave'their respective slips, foot of
Market street, at 2:30 P. m.
T. H. GOODMAN. F. B. LATHAM,
G. P. A., S. P. Co. G. P. A.. N. P.C. R. R. Co.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
Open Dally from Ito 11 11.I 1 . 11.
EVERY EVENING AT IO O'CLOCK.
ANTONIO PIRRI
Will COAST THK CHUTES and Land In the
Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A GREAT BILL IN THE CASINO!
QUEEN A DE REIN, from Roster A Bials.
BELLE KiP.BV. Queen of Sword Walkers.
The ROYAL JAPANESK ACROBATS.
A Mile Bicycle Kace on the Stage.
And a Host of Attractions.
ADMISSION 10 CENT*.
Children. including Merrv-Uo- Hound Kid*. 5 cant*
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 a. x. Until 11 p. ic.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening
I General Admission— 10c, Children 5&
78
AMERICAN PROTECTION AND BIMETALLISM.
LOS ANGELES IS
FOR AMERICA
And Does Not Believe in
Upbuilding British In
dustries.
WHAT COL. OSBORNE SAW
The Sentiment of Loyalty Lies
Deep Down in American
Hearts.
OPINIONS OF OTHER EDITORS
Alfred Hoi man of the Rural Press
and A. F. Chapman of the Journal
of Commerce:
Colonel H. Z. Osborne, publisher of the
Los Angeles Express, was in the City yes
terday with cheering news of Republican
prospects in that county. The silver men
have been boasting recently that they will
carry that county, because two years ago
the vote stood:
Populists, 4100.
Democrats, 7600.
Republicans, 11,250.
On the foregoing ratio, under the so
called fusion, Mr. Bryan and his million
aire partner, Mr. Sewall, would receive
11,700 votes, while McKinley would get no
more than 11,250 votes. But times have
changed since then. There are a whole
lot of those same Democrats and Populists
who have refused to indorse the anarch
istic planks of the Chicago platform ; who
have expressed their intention of voting
for protection to the products of American
labor, and who believe that the American
workingman, the clerk in the store, the
bookkeeper, the author, the musician, the
painter and every other man who earns
his living by the sweat of his brow or the
labor of his brain should receive a dollar
worth 100 cents all over the civilized world,
and with the same purchasing power as
that of the silver dollar of to-day.
Colonel Osborne is confident, by reason
of the investigations which he has made,
that a large majority of the voters of his
county will vote for patriotism, protection
and prosperity.
Republicans are getting well organized,
and are doing effective work in a quiet
way. Not having any of Senator Stewart's
campaign sack, they have not shocked the
welkin wit h brass bands and the strident
roar of unprincipled hirelings announcing
that under the operation of the free coin
age act a barrel of big bright silver dollars
would be placed on every corner in order
that the workingman for whom Senator
Btewart's $40,000,000 heart is bleeding
might help himself and treat his wife and
children to diamonds, sealskins, roast
turkey and champagne.
Colonel Osborne related an occurrence
showing that deep down in the American
heart there slept a sentiment of loyalty
that when the time came could always be
depended upon to rally for the defense of
American honor and American institu
tions. The story went that a farmer
whose home lay away off in that part of
the Mojave desert lying between Mojave
and Los Angeles came to Los Angeles last
week for the purpose of buying a store of
provisions. He was asked by a Republican
friend as to the sentiment in his part of
the country, his friend telling him of a re
port to the effect that all the voters up his
way had been hypnotized by Senator
Stewart's silver wand.
The farmer was surprised at the state
ment.
"All the change that has taken place
up there," he said, "is this. Two Repub
licans have declared themselves in favor
of free silver and two Democrats have an
nounced that they intend to vote for pro
tection and sound money. That's all the
change there is, and you may rely upon it
that my precinct will roll up the usual
Republican majority."
Colonel Osborne said further that the
free silver club of Los Angeles County
had largely increased its membership on
hearsay. As a proof of this statement he
instanced the fact of eight Democrats
whose names were placed on the roll and
who afterward said tuat they were gome
to vote for McKinley, and that theif
names had been signed on the boots of
tbe club without their consent or even
Knowledge.
Alfred Holraan of the Rural Press, in re
ply to a Call reporter's questions on
financial matters, said:
'I have never believed, and I find less
reason to believe the more I study the
subject, that the United States can, by its
individual action, maintain a relative
equality between the values of gold and
silver. It appears to me that an attempt
to do so would have the immediate effect
of putting this country upon a silver
basis, with the 10,000 hardships and disad
vantages of a reduced standard and of a
shifting unstable currency. I believe it
would destroy our commerce, and what is
infinitely more serious, would destroy the
credit of our country for common honesty.
"I don't believe that the majority of oar
people are willing to pay their debts in
fifty -cent pieces, nor do I believe that they
are ready to surrender the policy of pro
tection to American industries and to
American labor, under whicn our best ad
vancements in National and material
prosperity have been made. In my judg
ment the shifting of this campaign from
the issue of protection to the issue of the
currency is largely artificial. I believe
the question of protection to be of infin
itely more importance to the welfare of
the country and J don't question that be
fore the campaign is ended protection will
have assumed its proper place as the para
mount issue.
"There are, lam told, very many peo
ple in California who make light of the
protection issue, deeming it of minor im
portance to the currency, but it appears to
me that they are neglectful of the fact that
all the larger interests of California are
bound up in the policy of protection, and
that the welfare of the producers of Cali
fornia is absolutely dependent upon the
maintenance of that policy."
A. F. Chapman, business manager of
the Ban Francisco Journal of Commerce,
said:
•'I think that the adoption of free coin
age by the United States would be the
greatest calamity that could possibly hap
pen, and would intlict an injury greater
upon the working classes than upon any
other portion of the people. With refer
ence to the proposition that the advent of
cheap money is accompanied by high
prices, I would say that the experience of
all mankind has been, in such a case, chat
the wages of labor are always the last to
respond to any advance in prices.
"The advance In prices would be a hard
ship on the workingman and wage
earner generally, because while ins wages
would remain at a standstill, there being
plenty of idle men ready and willing to
take his place, he would be obliged to pay
much more lor rent and other necessaries
of life than he does now under a sound
money basis.
"I have held these ideas with regard to
silver for many years. I have looked upon
it and I have found it to be one of the
great productions of the country, the
price of which is governed by supply and
demand. It is simply a cominodrtv like
iron or copper. While it is useful for sub
sidiary coinage to the amount that the
Government can keep at a parity with
gold, it would be absolutely impossible for
the Government to Keep it at a ratio of 16
to 1 under the free-coinage bill. I cannot
imagine in what manner it would stimu
late industry outside of the employment
of a few more men in the silver mines of
the Pacific Coast and Mexico."
HIS ELECTION SURE.
What O. L. Morrow of Ohio Says
of McKlnley's Prospects.
O. L. Morrow, partner in the McKeehan-
Hiestar.d Grocery Company of Hillsboro,
Ohio, one of the largest wholesale con
cerns in the country, has been a guest at
the Occidental Hotel for a few days with
his wife. ■He is here on a tour of observa
tion and pleasure, and last evening he
and his wife left for Los Angeles. They
will take in some of the principal cities in
the State.
Mr. Morrow is a personal friend of ex-
Governor Foraker and is a keen observer
of political movements. He is a stanch
Republican and said that the indications
throughout tne East are that McKinley
will be elected by the greatest majority
ever known in a Presidential election.
"If," said Mr. Morrow, "the election
had come off shortly after the Chicago
convention I believe Mr. Bryan would
have swept the country, but people have
had time to think and the tide is surely
turning."
Mr. Morrow is high up in the Masonic
California Sound-Money League Meeting at the Chamber of Commerce.
order. He is an old acquaintance of Ser
geant C. P. Wright nt police headquarters
and called upon him several times during
his brief stay here. He will spend a few
days more here after his return from the
south.
The Thirty-First District.
The Thirty-first District Club met last
evening at the Phoenix Athletic Club Hall,
j corner of Eighth and Folsom streets,
j about 400 members being present. Ernest
j McKennan delivered a ringing address in
favor of Republican principles and as
serted that the only salvation of the coun
try from its present impoverished condi
tion lies in electing McKinley and Hobart
in November. His efforts were warmly
applauded and the club indorsed his can
didacy for the office of Superior Judge.
Edward Sweeney followed with an elo
quent and witty address. Frederick Me
j Gregor then addressed the club at length
! on the silver question, eliciting hearty ap
plause and an'indorsement for the oilice of
Justice of the Peace.
Don't Give Him Money.
Complaint has been made to the officers
of the Thirty-ninth Assembly District
regular Republican Club that some person
has been collecting money in the name of
the club. This the officers wish stopped,
and say that the only parties authorized
to collect money for political purposes for
the benefit of the club and Republican
party are the finance committee, which is
composed of Oscar Tolle, M. M. Barnet
and L. Levin. Those gentlemen have
credentials signed by John Gilspn, presi
dent of the club.
Swiss- American Meeting.
The executive committee of the Swiss-
American Republican Club of the Forty
fourth Assembly District held a meeting
at Wessels Hall on Powell and Union
streets last night. The meeting was called
by l* A. Rea, the president, and after
transacting the regular business of the
club the following gentlemen were in
dorsed: James F. Martitioni for the As
sembly from the Forty-fourth District,
Henry S. Martin and Thomas F. Graham
for Police Judge?. The meeting then ad
journed, with cheers for McKinley and
protection.
The Howard Club.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Howard Republican Club will be held
this evening in Pythian Castle. Tnere
will be an address* by D. E. McKinlay and
a varied and entertaining programme.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Hurts'! 15 Urut avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
A NEW LEAGUE
FOR SOUND MONEY
Non- Partisans Meet and
Effect a Strong Or
ganization.
WORDS OF GOOD CHEER.
Workingmen Said to Be Almost
a Unit for McKinley and
National Honor.
TIDE TURNING AGAINST BRYAN
Solid Business Men Come to the Front
for the Welfare of Their
Country.
There was an enthusiastic convention of
sound-money Democrats and Republicans
at the Chamber of Commerce yesterday
afternoon for the purpose of organizing a
league to do missionary work in the cause
of honest money and National honor.
A committee consisting of H. P. Sonn
tag, H. H. Williams, Julian Sonntag, C.
D. Salfield and C. D. Houghton reported
in favor of calling the organization the
California Sound-money League and their
report was adopted.
Architect Charles Smith made a speech
on the outlook, wherein he said: "There
is little doubt that most of the laboring
men of this City are for sound money.
All they need is a little good missionary
work and they ara safe."
Oscar Lewis of the Builders' Exchange
replied to Mr. Smith, saying: "The gen
tleman is simply mistaken. Do not solace
yourself with such a hope, for I find that
many, if not most, of the laborers have
gone wild on the free-silver craze. It
needs good work to save them."
The chairman of the meeting, Henry J.
Crocker, stated tuat the league was organ
ized to second the efforts of the Republi
can Central Committee. He said there
was no desire to oppose the committee in
any way, but 10 render it every possible
aid. The purpose of the meeting and of
the society, he said, was to do all possible
for the cause of sound money.
Horace Davis was unanimously elected
chairman, Franfc Brown declining to run
jin opposition. H. J. Crocker was elected
secretary, and Thomas Brown, a life-long
Democrat, treasurer.
Foreman Johnson of the Union Iron
Works made an enthusiastic speech for
McKinley, stating that most of the em-
Sloyes there are to-day for sound money
Le believed tnere ought to be organiza
tion, and that literature ought to be sent
j among the laborers of the City.
C. D. Salfield, president of "the Panhan
dle Improvement Club, spoke enthusias
tically for sound money, saying tuat the
majority of those who belong to forty im
provement clubs in the City are for sound
money. Each day he heard of Bryan men
who are beginning to see the light and to
declare for sound money.
The club adjourned subject to the call of
the chairman, the following signing the
roll:
John D. Spreckels, C. D. Salfield, J. B.
Alberg, Julian Sonntag, N. Pierce, John
Dolbeer, Charles Nelson, W. W. Montacue
W. 8. Duval. Charles R. Allen, Albert
Dunham, P. B. Cornwall, A. E. Castle, H.
A. Williams, James E. Treadwell, A. R.
Briergs, M. L. Reqna, C. M. Newhall, A.
Chesebrough, William H. Crocker, J. B
Crockett, C. F. Crocker, C. 8. Houghton
George Stone, F. A. Elliott, W. C. John-
I son, J. K. Thornton, Henry J. Crocker,
Oscar Lewis, John Tuttle, A. G. Towne,
J. A. Waymire, Frank L. Brown, Arthur
W. Moore, William P. Gardner. Lyman I.
Mowry, S. B. Peterson, E. B. Cutter, An
drew 8. Moseley, H. A. Russell, H. P.
Sonntag, L. A. Booth, H. A. Greene, Wil
liam F. Smith.
The roll will be open for signatures at
309 Sansome street and at the Builders'
Exchange, Mission and New Montgomery
streets.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS.
They Will Testify TheJr Loyalty at
a Big Mass- Meeting.
Next Friday night there will be a Re
publican mass-meeting for young men ex
clusively in the Auditorium, corner of
Eddy and Jones streets. The meeting will
be addressed by D. E. McKinlay of Santa
Rosa, J. M. Oliver, president of the Re
publican Club of the University of Cali
fornia, J. M. Switzer, president of thn
Republican Club of Stanford University,
and other young men. The chairman of
the evening will be a representative young
Republican.
Thp gallery will be reserved for ladies
and their escorts. There will be a good
%roeramme of music, with songs by the
University Glee Club.
WEST ENDERS.
Will Shoot the Chutes for McKinley
and Home Rule.
The West End Republicans will hold a
mass-meeting at the chutes next Thursday
evening, on which occasion there will be
no charge for admission. Seats will be
reserved for ladies in the hall. Addresses
will be made by Hon. Samuel M. Short
ridtre, Senator Perkins, George A. Knight,
D. E. McKinlay and others.
There will be vocal music by the best
glee clubs in the City.
The National League.
The National Republican League ot San
Francisco will hold its regular weekly
meeting at the headquarters, 24 Fourth
street (Pioneer building), this evening at
8 o clock. The speakers on the occasion
will be Colonel John P. Jackson and
Judge J. A. Waymire. both well-known
and gifted orators. The Knickerbocker
quartet will sing topical songs. Alter the
meetiug the lady members will effect an
auxiliary organization. The public is in
vited to attend.
Alameda Republicans.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 14.— The regu
lar Republican Club held a meeting to
night and selected a full list of delegates
to be voted upon at the primaries for the
county convention. The only pledge is to
favor Ed Hoosen tor member of the
new County Central Committee. Resolu
tions were passed condemping the fund
ing bill in unmeasured terms and in
structing the candidate selected for the
Assembly to vote for Hon. George C. Per
kins for United States Senator. Anothet
ticket will be put in the field which will
favor Judge Hunt for the Superior Bench.
Oakland Republican!.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 14.— The meeting
of the National Republicans of Oakland
was held in the new hall on Broadway
under the presidency of W. R. Davis.
Hon. J. P. Jackson delivered the cnief ad
dress. The most prominent feature of the
evening was the conversion of R. W.
Patton, a well-known Democrat. Patton
stood up in the hall and announced that
it was time to change his coat. Thereupon
he turned it inside out and announced that
hereafter he wanted to be known as a
Republican.
Republican Delegate*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 14.— Berkeley
Republicans have held a meeting strongly
indorsing tae candidacy of Fred S. Strat
ton for State Senator 'and William Lair
Hill for Superior Judge of Alameda
County. The follow ine ticket has been
nominated for delegates to the county
convention, to be voted upon at the pri
maries next Saturday:
Harry J. Squires, Frank M. Wilson, J. M.
Oliver, T. F. Graber, Robert Easton. Whitney
| False- he, Harry L. Waste, D. S. Adams, Josepn
Stapleton, Thomas Dov.d, C. R. Brown, John
Finn, Joseph McClain, Howard E. Wright, H.
M. Waterbury, John, K. Stewart, Anson S.
Bb.ke, Wellington Gregg, J. H. Bennett, H. D.
Irwin, J. F. Tague, George Brown.
Silver Campaign Committee.
A mass meeting will be held in Metropolitan
Hall on Wednesday evening. Frank G, New
lands and M. F. Taylor of Denver will speak.
There will be music and glee club singing. All
the Bryan and silver clubs are invited.
This evening Burdotte Cornell and Dr. J.L.
York will address the voters of the . Thirty
fourth District at Mission Opera House, 2131
Minion street, under the auspices of the
Union Bryan Silver Club.
Senator White will speak in- Oakland Satur
day, night. .
1 » ♦ — •
The candy-tuft is the emblem of indif
ference. '• \' - v •••-■»■
RAILROAD MEN'S
REPUBLICAN CLUB
Permanently Organized in
Native Sons* Hall
Last Night.
A LARGE ENROLLMENT.
With Music and Speeches an
Enjoyable Evening Was
Spent
THE ENTHUSIASTIC LISTENERS
Each Week Orators Will Be Heard
Upon the Principles of the
St. Louis Platform.
The United Railroad Employes' Repub
lican Club was permanently organized
last night in Native Sons' Hall on Seven
teenth street, near Valencia. It was a
grand gathering of hardy and intelligent
men that filled the place of meeting when
John F. Clarke, foreman of the construc
tion department of the Market-street
Railway Company, officiating as tempo
rary chairman, called the meeting to
order.
Secretary Meacham read the following
report from the committee on permanent
Organization:
We beg leave to report and recommend that
the name of this club shall be "The United
Railroad Employes' Republican Club," and
that its object is to advance the interests of its
members and to unitedly support the prin
ciples of the Republican party as denned in
the St. Louis platform and the letter of accept
ance of the Hon. William McKinley, Republi
can candidate for President of the United
States; to aid by all honorable means in the
election of William McKinley for President and
Garrett A. Hobart for V ice-President and the
Republican Congressional and Legislative
candidates, believing that the success of the
Republican Darty will insure National pros
perity, which means personal prosperity to the
individual workingmen of the whole country.
We earnestly ask the hearty and harmonious
co-operation of each individual member of the
club to bring about this grand result.
The roll of membership shall be made
up of the five organizers of the origi
nal "United Railroad Employes' Repub
lican Club"— W. H. Philpot, J. H. He-
Cluer, John Leach, F. W. Francis, John
Sparks— and of the employes of street railway
companies who may desire to join the club,
said roll to contain, with the above exception,
the names of those onlf in the actual employ
of such companies operating in the City and
County of San Francisco.
Thanking those gentlemen who have assisted
in the temporary organization end asking
your hearty co-operation with the permanent
officers in the discharge of their duties, we
propose the following permanent officers for
the "United Railroad Employes' Republican
Club":
For president, W. C. Carpenter; vice-presi
dents— M. C. Wnyte, A. B. Bartholomew and J.
C. Sawtelle; recording and corresponding sec
retary, W. C. Cook; financial secretary, W. H.
Philpot; treasurer, R. C Allen; marshal, P. 8.
Seymore.
Executive committee— A. W. Barron, Edward
Howe, Henry Ascroft, H. O. Rogers, N. J.
Bailey, I. F. Kidd, G. H. Fairchild, H. H.
Lynch, J. F. Clark, C. A. Potter, J. C. Skinner,
E. E. Gibson, H. A. Iddings, M. D. Stein, W. F.
Gibson, S. E. Foster, S. A. McLenegan, C. H.
Harris and J. W. Harris.
The duty of the above gentlemen shall be to
attend to the financial and general interests
of the club and to provide speakers and neces
sary entertainments.
Honorary members— C. F. Crocker, G. B.
Wilicutt, G. C. Newhall, A. S. Halladie, E. P.
Vining, L. H. Brown, G. W. Wallis, J. L. Wili
cutt, Captain Hanford, J. B. Stetson.
Committee on permanent organization— J.
H. McCluer, J. \\ . Williams, C. S. Heron, P. 8.
Seymore, F. E. Meacham.
In taking the chair W. C. Carpenter
said: "We have assembled here to-night
for one and the same purpose, and we will
co-operate to make this political organiza
tion one of the most powerful this side of
the Missouri River."
Chairman Carpenter then introduced
Hon. Eugeqe F. Loud, who was greeted
with cheers.
The Congressman did not speak at
length, but rather to the point, reviewing
the question of finance, and his words met
with appreciation. He prefaced his remarks
with the statement that his would have
been a positive loss if he had been unable
to address an audience such as had
gathered to enroll under the banner of the
Railroad Employes' Republican. Club.
"You, gentlemen," said the speaker
"who have to contend with so much from
early sunrise until far into the nieht
represent a class of map who know how
to think and weigh matters according to
their worth, and it is gladdening to see
you grouping about the standard-bearers
of Republicanism— McKinley and Hobart.
"You belong to a class of men which
must use good judgment, tact and intel
ligence at all times from the moment you
encounter the crabbed dyspeptic whose
digestion failed him in the forenoon un
til you land the befuddled individual at
his home door in the we small hours of the
early morning. It is no ordinary man
who can do this with good judgment de
liberation and mild te.ni per— he must be an
intelligent and superior man. I am
therefore, pleased that we belong to the
same party."
A humorous speech was made by Secre
tary Cook, and 8. W. Dockworth also de
livered a short address.
The club expects that at the next meet
ing (Monday night) the roll, which has al
ready reached 1200, will be twice as large
AS A RAY OF LIGHT.
Presbyterian Pastors Discuss the Snb
etance of the Resurrected Body.
An interesting address was given before
the Presbvteiian ministers yesterday by
Dr. W. F. Cheeney. M.D., on "The Resur
rection of the Body." The doctor spoke
from a physical standpoint, which, how
ever, he said he did not believe precluded
belief in the church's doctrine of the
resurrection.
'"I believe in the resurrection of the
body. 1 Such.are the words of the apostles'
creed and they demand strong faith, for
science tends to deny rather than confirm
them." The doctor said that the chief
outlet left by science was belief i n the
omnipotence of God. He described the
component elements of the human body,
the way in which they are dissolved after
death, adding that man can take these
tissues apart, but he has not yet learned to
put them together again; that is a secret
knowri only to God.
'•These component factors," he said
"are loaned by nature for a few years from
the general store. They are the slaves
for a short time, to something that guides
them for good or ill. There may be atoms
in yon and me to-day that formed part of
a gladiator's body in the Colosseum.
'•If tne body is to be reconstructed again
at the resurrection whence are to come
the materials?"
In answer to this Question Dr. Cheeney
read an extract from Hall, which he said
cast a ray of light on the case. It was re
garding sowing and reaping, and drew
attention to the fact that a man does not
sow the actual grain he reaps. He casts
grain into the ground, and the grain he
reaps is not the identical grain he sows.
In the discussion Rev. Dr. Farrand, after
heartily indorsing the sneaker's views,
said that he believed the X ray was becin
ning to show tha possibility of a man hav
ing another body, encased in and identical
with his actual material body. He thought
it possible that this would be the body
which would rise at the resurrection.
Congregational Club.
"Joy in the Lord's Service" was the sub
ject of yesterday's address at the Congre
gational Monday Club. The speaker, Rev.
J. H. Strong, said that real Christian joy
springs from a consecrated purpose, and
that neither suffering, imprisonment nor
torture can destroy it. Joy is the result
of entering the Lord's service in the right
spirit and adhering to that spirit. It is
not to be the aim of the service, but will be
its logical result.
In the discussion all the speakers agreed
with ReT. Mr. Strong.
SAN BRUNO NEGLECTED.
The Authorities Ignore Its Wants and
Leave Residents to Look Out for
Themselves.
The residents of the San Bruno road
are up in arms againat the City authori
ties and the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and for a cause of complaint
they charge general neglect and an isola
tion from the balance of the City.
One of their grievances is that the Super
visors are indifferent as to the manner in
which this portion of the City is treated
regarding protection against fire. There
is no such thing as a hydrant to be seen
anywhere along the San Bruno road, nor
are there any water mains, but there is a
reservoir within a quarter of a mile of the
road, with an elevation of eighty feet,
which would give a pressure sufficient for
all purposes.
Another grievance is that the gas com
pany has refused to extend its supply to
the residents in the southern portion of
town.
The distribution of letter-boxes, also,
shows discrimination and neglect, and
it not for Frank Grabe, an old resident of
the valley, who acts without compensa
tion as postmaster, keeping stamps and
taking care of mail matter, the residents
would have to come into the Mission to
mail a letter.
But the more strenuous cause of com
plaint is found in the horsecars of Mr.
Vining that do service on that road.
To go from the foot of Post street and
Market to the end of tt:e horsecar line it
takes just one hour and twenty minutes —
about the same time it takes to reach San
Jose. Consequently, the people on the San
Bruno road are compelled to forego the
pleasure of coming into the City after
night.
The last borsecar from Twenty-fourth
street leaves at 11:30— too early to permit
persons reaching home who may wish to
visit the theater or join in societies, as
they must leave the City proper at 10:30
in order to get to their own beds that
night. Tuis the people out there claim is
simply an outrage. They subscribed
$5000 to build the road, and were promised
that they should have good traveling ac
commodations.
After 8 o'clock in the evening these cars
run only every thirty minutes, and dur
ing the daytime every twent}'-five min
utes, taking half an hour to make the trip
or one hour to make the round trip.
Socialists Hear Father Yorke.
Quite a large number of Socialists and their
sympathizers were present last night at the
Metropolitan Temple to hear Father Yorke dis
cuss the attitude of the Catholic church and
labor. Invitations to attend the lecture, and
to seats on the platform, had been extended to
several prominent Socialists, including R»v.
J. E. Scott, editor of the Socialist, and Theo
dote Lynch of the State Executive Committee
of the Socialist Labor party.
Brannschweieer Arrested.
Herman Braunsehweiger Jr., who married
Sadie Nichols, was arrested last night on a
warrant charging him with battery. The com
plaining witness is Ella Holsten, his sister-in
law.
SEW TO-DAY.
liC^^S^i Natural '- (
*fc^^^ Flavor!
0 ieffitntsngte Jn without that scalded- ,
? \&*.'*f-*i&s9»WjF A es i ra l>le result'
0 \£V¥wsMr-d& never before obtained i
• luAl^svttDfllifl' 31 by others -
? New York Condensed '
piiiiiiiiiii;inii!i!i!iiiii;iiiiniiiiiii!iiiiiiu!i!iii!ii(iiiii!!iis!i)i!iii!iinniii
| "A very smooth article/' » |
I PLUO^I
| Don't compare "Battle Ax" |
1 with low grade tobaccos — compare 1
j "Battle Ax with the best on |
j the market, and you will find you i
§ get for 10 cents almost twice as 1
| much "Battle Ax" as you do of |
| other high grade brands. I
ilIIWl!I!IUIIlI!illIll!H!IIlIIIIJIllii!!l!II!li||H!!iiisnin!Ii!Ill!!ii!!l!JaniiI
STEPS? TO-J3AT.
Men Grow Old
in Vital Power
1 RE YOU 40, AND DO YOU FEEL LIKE
**• a man of 60? Do you find your powers
exhausted prematurely ? Is all ambition,,
all "vim wasted from your nerves? Dot
you find yourself lacking in that element oft
manhood which should have its greatest;
force now? These, or any of them, are-
| evidences ot premature old age — early
decay.
This power, which is the nerve or vital
i force of your body, depends upon the!
j amount of electricity stored in your nerv-
! ous system. When you begin to grow
i weak your condition means decay. It
I throws in your face the sequel to your past
errors, your excesses, dissipation or early
indiscretions. It is the penalty which
nature inflicts upon you for disobeying hefl
well-known laws.
YOUTH RESTORED.
' The vigor of youth may be restored bfj
the proper means. Dr. Sanden's Electria
Belt is a remedy which joys a wonderful
sale for this sole purpose. It never fails.
As it infuses new vital energy into the cold,
flabby nerves it will and does warm them
up. It develops in them a new life, a
fresh, healthy vigor, and removes the,
effects of all past mistakes.
OLD AGE NO BARRIER.
Men past 80 have been restored to the
full vigor of manhood by DR. SANDEN'3
i ELECTRIC BELT. "I am as strong in
I that respect as I was twenty years ago,'
j says J. A. J. Morse of Los Qatos, Cal.,
after having been cured by Dr. Sanden'a
Electric Belt at the age of 78. It will re-
new the full strength and vigor where
there is any nerve-power left. Get the
book, "Three Classes of Men," free, sealed,
by mail. Address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco, 1
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office noun; a *. M. 19
8-.a Of.O f. X.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
L.OS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND^ OIL,
204 South Broadway. | 253 Washington streat*
VUIUC VfVI "*°re Tiiroat, Pimples, Copper-^]
fcJflAvE lUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, i
& Ulcers in Month, Hair-Falling! Write COOK.
HBSMEDY CO., 307 ilaoon'ic Temple {B
I Chicago, 111., for proofs of cures. C&pl- t
HtiU, $£00,000. Worst cases cured in 16
ig%to 35 day. 100-page book fr«e. |j
J^t^VSi?j^*S*fiSi Big f is » non-poisonons
<*!<^^^*^^ s^^j remedy for Gonorrhoea.
.\^raSK? r CUBEt»^S^g Gleet, Spermatorrhoea.
gag in 1 to s Jaya.^B Whites, unnatural dis-
JBgHV Qurinteed \i charges, or any inflamma-
£»| not to stricture. t^ tion, irritation or ulcera-
J^^jPreTcnts contagion. tion of mucous mem-
|feft%THEEVANS CHEMIOLCO. branes. Non-astringent.
; \fIMICINCINNATI,O JBSS S ° ld b * »rar«rl»tr,
! tBBBMI. C. S. a &Jk or sent in P lain Tripper,
: -^HJOfi, by express, prepaid, for
't£G&&£3*Ss*S' *Q f 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles, J3.7^.
; ir 9> ■£> Circular sen* or - .twist.
jfBVDEWEY&CO.-fS'^
I; PATENTS^ 3
MARKET ST. S.rV^S^
Weak Men and Women
j SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BIXXKK3, 144
! O great Mexican Kerned-; CITM MttUt **4
I fclren*Ui to Uio b«xaal Organ*FATHER YORKE
TALKS ON LABOR
The Golden Rule and the
Pope's Encyclical Com
mended.
CRUEL MASTERS SCORED.
Seme of the Things the Catholic
Church Has Done for
Workingmen.
ESTABLISHED THE OLD GUILDS.
" The Speaker Denounces Thos3 Who
Overwork Little Children and
Rcb Grown Men.
Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke lectured to
a large and enthusiastic audience at
Metropolitan Temple last night on capital
and labor, the exact theme, however,
being "The Son of the Carpenter." The
address was plain and practical, the
speaker dwelling on child labor, overwork
and under-rest and like themes, quoting
largely from the Pope's encyclical letter
on kindred themes.
The speaker was introduced by Joseph
Ltggett, who said he was proud that the
Woman's Liberal League had selected him
to introduce so charming a speaker.
"This lecture ought to give a tine idea,"
said the speaker, "or what an eloquent
Catholic thinks of the cause of iabor.'
When he stepped forward amid great
applause Father Yorke said : "Ladies and
gentlemen, though I shall speak of labor
I have become such a victim of the pre
lude habit that I have a word or two to
say about Rev. Mr. Fleenor [laughter], an
A. P. A., and a blessing in disguise. He
is not muck to look at, little to listen to
and bad to smell. For several weeks they I
have attacked the Jews and Catholics, |
and now, true to the instincts i
of a reverend blackguard, Fleenor !
attacks Catholic women. Yesterday be
fora Quitzow the pure Fleenor applied to \
Catholic women names not to be tolerated j
in barrooms.. [Cheer 3.] It is now time to j
show up Fleenor with the balance. Let j
us ask why he signs himself 'from' Seattle ;
and why he left Oakland?"
The speaker then dropped this branch of
the subject and began the discussion of j
the labor questiou, saying: "There are j
20,000,000 people in this country who live
on wages, three and a half million of
whom are women. Whatever helps the
wage-earners helps the masses, yet the A.
P. A. would ruiu the organizations ot
wortingnien. Thank God, the Catholic i
church is the church of the people, even
of hod-carriers, if yon will have it so, the
church of the great laboring masses — a
church whose structures were built by
the pennies of the poor. It is open all
day for even the humblest. There are no
private interests in the way of the priest,
who has neither wife nor child. The poor
est man may command him to the sick
bed at midnigtjt. [Applause.] This is all
in keeping with the religion of Him that
had not where to lay his head. The Cath
olic church went out into Rome teaching
tue dignity of labor, settiug its face like
flint against all opposition to the idea of
the dignity of labor. We do better now
than those who come to this platform
swindling their clients and living on
sb&rne.
"The old monks taught the people how
to work, now to farm, and the great cities
grew up around tne monasteries where it
was taught. 'To work is to pray.' Re
member, too, that the church established
the great guiids and workingmen's so
cieties. In the middle ages the rich were
not able to grind the faces of the poor, be
cause of the protecting influence of the
church."
Coming to the present the speaker said
that Pope Leo's recent encyclical called at
tention to the fact that there can be no
permanent settlement of the differences I
between capital and labor until the Golden
Rule is applied to all. "Against the eter
nal law of supply and demand," be said,
"the everlasting sphinx of the dismal
science, Christianity offers the benign
Golden Rule. They care not whether the
poor get work or not, so they can get
rich. I say let us relegate political
economy to the north pole and
live awhile by the rnles of the
gospel. Capital and labor must cume to
some agreement. I believe in wages and
fair play, and believe, too, tnat the work
ingmen have a right to assemble. If a man
mases a contract to pay bis laborer less
than a living wage the contract is void by
nature's law. The employer who forces
down wages, depending for his success on
men's necessities, commits a crime. It
does not sati&fy justice that the employer
forces the poor wretch he hires to a
minimum, just because the poor worker
is struggling between the devil and the
deep sea- [Cheers.] Every cent earned
in this way is a sin that cries to God for
vengeance."
The speaker deprecated the practice of
many girls who work for low wages to
make "pin money," thereby forcing poor
men and women in heed to work for al
most nothing.
He read the Pope's denunciation of the
practice of working children, held that all
children ought to be educated, and
pleaded for a Sabbath for every working
man, a day tree from toil.
In conclusion he said that the American
Protective Association was a thing insti
tuted by capital to divide labor.'and, by
preventing strikes, reduce laborers to the
condition of serfs.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE ITEMS
A Largely Attended Executive
Meeting of Precinct Club
Presidents,
The Ladies Will Have a Delightful
Outing en Mount Tamalpais
Tc-Morrow.
The lady presidents of the woman'>
mil. age precinct clubs held an important
executive session yesterday afternoon in
the lecture hall cf the Woman Suffrace
Bureau. The meeting was largely at
tended, over 100 ladies being present,
among whom were Mrs. Lovell White,
Mrs. J. F. Swift, Mrs. Judge Cross, Mrs.
H. A. Hobe, Mrs. Senator Mahoney, Miss
(Sheldon, Mrs. Judge Cotton. Mrs. M. H.
.lohnson, Miss Miller, Mrs. Harland and
Mrs. Kirby Brown.
Mrs. Clara Long, the City precinct or
ranizer, presided, in conjunction with
Mis* Mary G. Hay, State organizer.
The reports presented by the ladies
were of a most encouraging character.
Mrs. Carrie Cbapman-Catt gave the
willing workers a few pointers on the
manner in wnich the woman suffrage
campaign was brought to a successful
issue in Colorado, dwelling especially
upon the methods employed by the ladies
in the city of Denver. * These methods,
which she detailed at some length, might,
she thought, prove effective iv San Fran
cisco.
Miss Hay talked to the ladies about
money.
''Even the gospel," she said, "could not
be carried inio foreign lands without
money. All the good works that ever
sanctified and glorified humanity have
needed money to realize their aims. The
laborer is worthy of his hire, and the suf
frage worker certainly should have her
food and carfare."
Plans for raising funds for carrying on
the campaign were then submitted to the
assembled ladies, and arrangements made
for a series of parlor meetings to be held
in all ot the Assembly districts of the City.
It looks as though to-morrow's excur
sion to Mount Tamalpais would be a grand
affair. The guests will leave by the 1:45
boat, and on reaching the mountain-toD
an enjoyable programme will be presented.
Miss Anthony will make an address, and
several ladies of the Woman's Press Asso
ciation will contribute to the day's enjoy
ment. Frank Lincoln, the well-known
impersonator, promises to surprise the
picnickers with s^iie original specialties,
and a most enjoyable outing is antici
pated.
PRINTERS' RAIN CLUB.
A Novel Organization Which Fropoiei
to Defy the Elements on
Thursday Next.
A few months ago there was an outing of
congenial souls to a certain resort in the
country. While all were on pleasure
bent, the heavens frowned and the winds
blew and the rain descended in sheets.
Any other party would have been dis
comn'ted and utterly routed, but not so
this party. A small coterie got together,
made their way to the nearest town, en-
Members of the Olympic Club Displaying Their Skill at the Mechanics' Fair.
gaged a hall and enjoyed the time in de
fiance of the elements.
Such was the origin of the Rain Club.
Its success made the organization blossom
again, and on Thursday the members will
give a second outing to San Rafael Pars.
What will be done has been kept a pro
found secret, but it has leaked out that
there will be an unequaled "time" for all
who attend.
This is amply vouched for by the name«
on the following committees in control of
the pleasant project :
Committee of arrangements— J. P. Olwell
11. Ward. F. KaUer. V,. Mitchell, E. Dincle, J. j".
Livingston. R. Bap;, J. J. Xeeiy, J. M. Max
well, J. S. Phillips, R. 11. Hamshar, C. Staples,
William Foley. Floor director, T. Burke.
Floor committee— \V. G. Koefoed, .T. ifilier, P.
Mooney, Ed Foley, K. Livingston, H. Edwards,
M. D. Orr, J. J. Smythe, M. Lynch, 8. I). Pick
wick, (). J. Derham.
SAYS SHE WAS KIDNAPED
Mrs Elizabeth Cavanagh Brings
Suit Against Husband and
Son.
Charges That While Confined in an
Asylum They Acquired All Her
Property.
What promises to be a rather sensa
tional suit was filed yesterday by Mrs.
Elizabeth Cavanagh. The lady is pos
sessed of property on Church street, near
Twenty-ninth, valued at $3000, and on Day,
near Churoh, worth probably $12,000. She
came into possession of this about five
years ago through winning a prize in a
lottery company.
In her complaint she alleges that about
six or seven months ago her son, Rob rt P.
Cavanagh, and her husband, Maurice
CaTanagh, kidnaped her from her home at
326 Day street and con fined her in a private
asyfum for four months, during which
period they obtained legal possession of
all her property. This act, she further
states, *vas connived at by her other three
sons.
Her son, Robert P. Cavanagh, is the
owner of t;ie iMoneer dairy at 2415 Mission
street, and was uroucrnt into prominence
some time ajto by the active interest he
took in fome trouble between Milk In
spector Dockery and a dairyman, even
going so far a* to call the attention of the
Board of Health 10 the case.
Cayanagn denies in toto the story told
by hit mother, and says that certain con
ditions arose making it necessary to put
his mother under surveillance. Therefore
he states she was placed in the Magdalen
Asylum, and that while there he paid $25
a month lor her support. Cavanagh's
story in certain details is corroborated by
the neighbors.
The mother states that the income from
her property is $80 a month, but her son
asserts that it will average only $40. If
his mother will comply with certain con
ditions he declares his willingness to Dut
her in any place she wishes. It was about
two years ago, he says, that both bis
father and mother, after certain trouble in
court, agreed upon himself as trustee.
Chas A. Zinkand lias returned from his
summer vacation with bis lomily at Caza
dero. During his absence the Cafe Zin
kand has been under the efficient manage
ment of his sons, Ferdinand and William,
and Mr. yon Rossenn. The cafe is leader
of them all. Everything the best and up
to date,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
OLYMPIC NIGHT
AT THE FAIR
The Club Assists in Enter
taining the General
Public.
BOXING AND WRESTLING
A Very Amusing Contest in
Which Blackened Gloves
Were Used.
THE NIW CHARTER ARGUMEH
Why J R. Freud Withdrew From the
D3bate — Pledged to Support
H:me Industries.
It was Olympic Club nieht at the Me
chanics' Institute and Manufacturers' and
Producers' Home Industry Exposition last
evening, and the big Pavilion was filled
liberally by members and friends of the
popular social and athletic institution.
The best athletes of the club were present
and performed their respective parts with
a vim and enthusiasm which was quickly
imparted to the spectators. In the center
of the lower tioor, near the music stand,
an elevated platform was erected, so that
all could obtain a fine view of the wrest
ling, boxing and exhibition ol gymnastics.
The programme by the Olympics con
sisted of the following:
Tumbling— F. Duck. A. 11. G. Cooper, J. R.
La Rue, W. Linsley. Triple bars— Professor H.
Belau, R. Leando, W. Linsley. Sandow act-
Professor G. Miehling. FenciiiK (foils)— J. H. i
Horrigan vs. H. Fisher. Fencing (dueling
swords)— E. Ortion vs. Professor L. Tronchet.
Wrestling— D. Mahoney vg. . l. Hpiro: W. Butler
v-. 1., p. ArmbruMer. "Boxing— D. Whalen vs.
M. P. Hayes; E. Kentress vs. g. Carter. Black
ened-glove contest— J. Reay vs. F. V. Kington.
■Jhe entertainment was given under the
direction of Howard P. Taylor Jr., the
new leader of the club. His initial ap
pearance in the capacity of leader was an
unqualified success. All the events came
off as programmed. There was not a sin
gle hitch, and the outbursts of anplause
from the spectators were frequent and
hearty. During the boxing bouts a ring I
was set up in order to give the affair a
realistic appearance. Mahoney, Spiro,
Butler and Armbruster had a couple of
lively wrestling bouts. Both teams are
clever and gave a splendid exhibition of
the various trick holds and breaks.
Whalen, Hayed, Fentress and Carter com
posed a quartet of shifty boxers. In four
rounds they gave a good idea of the manly
art.
In the boxing line the most interesting
was the contest for points between J\
Re«y and ¥. V. Kington, in which they
wore gloves covered with lampblack, and
when they finished their exhibition they
looked like a pair of chimney sweeps.
Professor George Miehling gave an inter
esting exhibition of weight-lifting and
feats of strength. A nnmber of the club's
wheelmen attended in their uniform and
the Olympic emblems were to be seen on
all sides. It was a most successful affair
and there was not a single hitch to mar
the programme.
The debate on the proposed new charter
at the Pavilion to-nigh: is exciting a great
deal of attention among those interested
in the adoption or deieat of the measure. I
[ J. Richard Freud, secretary of the Mer- !
chants' Association, intended to answer
the attacks of P. J. Heaiy and John M.
Reynolds, but he fias withdrawn from the
contest on the grounds that neither
Healy nor Reynolds can refrain from
indulging in personalities during an argu
ment. A. P. Van Duser of the Associated
Improvement Clubs has undertaken the
task of taking Mr. Freud's place on the
rostrum.
Mr. Tacy of the Manufacturers' and
Producers- Association, with an able corps
of assistants, is doing great work of a mis
sionary nature teaching the public that
California can produce as good or better
than any State in the East. He had up
to Saturday night secured 5004 pledges of
those who declare that they will purchase
only articles and goods of home industries,
price and quality being equal.
Following is the musical programme for
to-day : ;
AI'TERSfIO.V.
March, "Cabrlllo Celebration" Ronoovleri
Overture, "Martha" ;..... .......... .notow
Walls, "Hydropaten"...... Gungl
Cornet solo, "Tho Moonllpbt Soft Is FalliDe"
William Mahood.
■•• Poor Jonathan" Mllloecker
Quadrille, "Chaine de \F1eu r5". ............ . ..Faust
Overture. '"Poet and Peasant" Suppe
Ki-vt-rie dv boir from "Suite Algerllaue" ...
, tsalnt Saens
! "Chaconnp" Durand
"Funeral March of a Marionette".... Uounod
Galop, '•Postillion",..,.. Zabel
mm
March, "The Brigadier" ...Horat
Overture, "Xabneco"......-... .•.;.;.... Verdi
Walt*, "Pearl of Pekin". .......Kerke
Euphonium solo, fantasle on "In Deep Cellar"
Colverd
W. H. Coiverd.
Selection, "Mikado"...... Sullivan
Overture, "Yelva"... •. ."...Kelssler
Grand concert polonnalse. .Ooetze
Old French gavotte irom eighteenth century
....:...:... Unknown
(a) Japanese serenade Langey
(6) Egyptian march Strauss
Galop, -'Gallant and Gay" .......... ......Carroll
ROBBED A WAREHOUSE.
W. Kelly, Patrick Tally and John
Tully Charged "With Burglary.
The California warehouse on Second and
Townsend streets, owned by Bailey and
Swayne, was entered by burglars on the
night of August 31.
They excavated under the iron door
sufficient to give them a Jeverace and with
a crowbar they raised the door till the
padlock was forced off and entrance was
easy.
The burglars made a careful examina
tion'of the liquor stored in the warehouse
and finally they selected eight cases of
Yellowstone whisky, which they succeeded
in carrying away without being observed.
The burglary was discovered next morn
ing and reported to the Southern police
station. Since then Detective T. L. Ryan
and Policeman Ed ODea, assisted by Spe
cial Officer Kindelon, have been working
on the case.
The burglars had sold six of the cases
to saloon-keepers in the neighborhood of
Howard and Folsom streets, some of
which were recovered. From the descrip
tion of the men who sold them, they, on
Sunday, arrested William Kellj', an ex
convict, Patrick Tully and John Tully and
took them to the Southern Station. The
officers say they have a clear case against
them and know where they consumed
two of the cases themselves.
The three prisoners were removed to the
City Prison yesterday and last night they
were booked on the charge of burglary.
When Kelly was searched a double-edged
knife was icund in his pocket, aud an ad-
ditional charge of carrying a concealed
weapon was booked against him.
Kelly has b°en out of San Quentin less
than a year. Patrick Tuily was arrested
recently for sbootiiie the cook of the
schooner Norma. He and some other
water-front thieves boarded the vessel and
while attempting to break into the cabin
they were surprised by the cook. Tully
succeeded in beating the case.
JUST A CAMPAIGN LIE,
Goodyear Rubber Company Did
Not Threaten Their
Employes.
No Truth in a Bryan Campaign Yarn
Wired From Port'and,
Oregon.
The following notice telegraphed from
Portland, Or., was published in the Ex
aminer yesterday as a campaign sensa
tion, flared up in bold-face type under
startling display lines:
The stockholders and officers of the Good
year Rubber Company wish to have it dis
tinctly understood that a vote for Bryan and
bewail on the part of any of its employes will
be regarded &s an act committed directly
against the welfare of the company and its
employes; and any employe working for or
voting the above-mentioned ticket in the
coming election may expect to be regarded by
the officers as antagonistic to the company.
R. 11. Pease,
Vice-President and Manager, per A. M. Minot.
.. R. H. Pease of this City, vice-president
and manager of the Goodyear Rubber
Company, was asked whether ne had
authorized any such notice. Mr., Pease
said:
"The notice was not posted nor pub
lished in any form by the Goodyear Rub
ber Company. A copy of it was sent to
me by A. M. Minot, a clerk in our house
in Portland. On the day that I received
it, Septembers, I wrote to Mr. Minot that
I did not approve it. When I saw the Ex*
aminer this morning I supposed that he
had posted the notice notwithstanding
my disapproval, and telegraphed him for
an explanation referring to my letter of
September 5, which contained my posi
tive disapproval. He wired in reply that
the notice had not been posted.
"You can state in The Call distinctly,
and have it telegraphed throughout the
Northwest, that tne notice was not sanc
tioned by the Goodyear Rubber Company
nor anyone else authorized to speat for
the company. It was simply dis
cussed by the employes in the Portland
house, and was not even posted in the
store."
GESTING ATTACHES.
Saw Manufacturers Engaged in Litiga
tion In the Superior
Court.
The interests of N. W. Spaulding,
Abner Doble and James Patterson in the
N. W. Spaulding Saw Company, the
Pacific Saw Manufacturing Company and
the Blue Lakes Water Company, as well
as eleven pieces of real estate belonging
to the parties named, were attached
yesterday by the Sheriff at the instance
of J. G. Gesting, who claims that the de
fendants are indebted to him in the sum
of $4090. A complaint alleging that
amount to be due was filed in the Superior
Court yesterday.
/.oANSon watches, Jewelry, silverware, at L'ude
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
SUPERVISORS FILE
A STRONG PROTEST
A Special Meeting Called
to Discuss the Tax
Levy.
SHARP LANGUAGE USED.
Chairman Taylor of the Finance
Committee Is Very
Angry.
NO REMEDY IS AVAILABLE.
Resolutions Passed Condemning the
State Board of Equalize
ton.
For the first time in eight weeks the
Board of Supervisors succeeded in getting
a quorum yesterday afternoon and held a
meeting on the question of the raise made
by tne State Board of Equalization.
Chairman Taylor of the Finance Commit
tee, who has spent the larger portion of
his time for the past ten days on the sub
ject, addressed the board on the matter.
He said:
I desire to call your attention to the stand
up of this City by the Board ol State Equalizer-,
notwithstanding the abundance 01 evidence
sent them from this City by the Merchants'
Association, the Assessor and the local Board
of Equalizers, through its chairman, that the
assessment was already too high.
There has been a great perpetrated
upon the taxpayers of San Francisco by a lot of
scoundrels under the guise of the law. It is
none the less a crime, even if the law gave
them the power.
The great injustice is palpable in the fact
that $3,750 000 is to be taken from the pockets
of the taxpayers of this City without justifica
tion.
It is worse than highway robbery, for the
latter requires courage and the individual
runs the risk of his life in the performance of
Ins business, while these rascals skulk behind
the protection of the law. The facts are evi
dent that they are either incompetent or cor
rupt ana that they are wholly unlit lor a great
public trust, as I propose to show. I desire to
call attention to tne raise applied to this City
in the last six years is 27% per cent and the
raise in all the balance ot me State is 1};, per
cent; also the fraud perpetrated by the iarci
cal amount assessed on solvent debts and
moneys in banks in Los Angeles County.
- Los Angeles County, Witt a population of
150,000. was assessed this year for money,
$314,950. and solvent credits, $ 479.555.
One of its banks alone, the Farmers' and
Merchants' Bank, if assessed according to the
Bank Commissioner's report, should have been
assessed for over $700 ,000 in money and sol
vent credits.
According to the Bank Commissioner's re
port the banks of the city of Los Angeles had
$1, 267,368 in money on hand in March of this
year, yet the whole county ;s assessed for only
$314,950 in money.
Mr. Arnold, the State Equalizer who hails
from Los Angeles, and who purposed to raise
San Francisco's assessment 25 per cent, in
order to equalize between the two counties, as
he called it, holds up Los Angeles County as
an example of good assessment. If the rest of
its property assessed in the same proportion
as its money and solvent credits it makes a
very poor showing.
Mr. Arnold, in moving to increase San Fran
cisco's assessment 25 per cent, ia quoted by
the newspapers a3 bavlag stated: "I do this
because 1 think lhat inasmuch as Los Ang
les has appeared before the board with a raise
of 30 per cent San Francisco should have done
as well. She has increased her roll by about 5
■per cent," and if his motion was carried he
thought it would "equalize matters between
the two counties."
If Mr. Arnold has been quoted correctly, and
I have no reason to doubt that he has, we can
only say: "God save us from such equaliza
tion"'
Los Angeles County was assessed in 1895 at
982,344,875; in 1896 at $98 797,180, being an
increase of 20 per cent, and not 30 per cent, as
Mr. Arnold says. San Francisco was assessed
in 1898 at $327,805,147; in 1896 at $357,586,
-126. being an increase of 9 per cent, and not 5
per cent, as Mr. Arnold says. . .
Hence Mr. Arnold's premises and conclusions
are wrong. He has assisted in - raising San
Francisco 31 per cent over its assessment of
1895. To make San Francisco's increase of as
sessment equal to that of Los Angeles (pro
vided Los Angeles Is as well assessed as San
Francisco) San Francisco should only have
been raited 10 per cent instead of 20 per cent.
But even a raise of 10 per cent is out of ques
tion when you consider that the whole county
of Los Angeles has been assessed for $314,950
in money only.
I hereby enter my most earnest protest
against the action of the State Board of Equal
ization.
It says that there is no wrong without a
remedy, but in this case I think teat the quo
tation fails. This is a great wrong, and I {ail
to see a remedy except through legislation,
and at the present time this Is too far off to
do us any good. I move the passage of the fol
lowing resolution:
Whkreas, Whatever Injustice has been per
petrated by the Mate Board of Equalization in
arbitrarily and without cause raising the. assessed
value of real an. I personal property '20 per
cent for the fiscal year 1896-97. there appears to
be no action whereby our citizens can be relieved
therefrom: and.
Whkr.-as. The question of increasing the as
sessed value of real and personal property as fixed
by the State Board of Equalization is vested in the
Auditor, who has been ml vised tha it is his duty
to Increase the assessment pursuant to the pro
visions of the Political Code and the State Board
of Kquallzalion; therefore,
li'rsuUfd, That do remedy except by legislation
presents itself to the judgment of tnls board to
remedy this arbitrary and nnjust action, as hereto
fore decided by the Supreme court.
The measure was unanimously adopted,
and the board adjourned to meet in regu
lar session on Monday afternoon next.
Fire in a Firehouse.
An alarm was sounded from box 34 at 7:15
o'clock last evening for a fire on the roof of a
frame buiUiiug on Mission -street wharf occu
pied by the crew of the fireboat Governor
Irwin. The lire, which damaged the building
to the extent of $100, was caused by sparks
from a chimney.
NEW TO-DAY.
GOLD CURE,
Liquor and Opium Habit — Cures Guaranteed
No publicity, private sanitarium, best facili-
ties, lowest charges. Home treatment, book
free, fifth year. Any inebriate of sound mind
can be cured and will remain cured.
GOLD CURE, 808 G ST., Sacramento, Cat.
More money for
the people—
can be had by buying
California made goods.
They're as good as
1 others — sometimes
better. The "Stand-
ard" Shirt is better.
....■•
' *f TRADE I*
N.B.
v I MARK I
Made by 500 Californians.
TOW TO-DAY.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THB
MAQQIONI KID GLOVES.
SPEOSAL VALUES
This Week
THAT CIIIW BE EQUALED
 ITS' 1 1
Ladies'
Unshrinkable
Underwear
7 3 Wool and V 3 Cotton.
The most economical as well as the
. most comfortable articles of Under-
wear ever rcade. We cordially invite
our patrons to inspect these goods,
whether with a view to purchase or not.
Ladies' Unshrinkable
Jersey Ribbed Undershirts,
High n°ck and long sleeves, in natural
color. Special price 75c each.
Ladies' Unshrinkable .
Jersey Ribbed Drawers,
In natural' color; they come in two
1 styles, buttons on side and with strings.
Special price 75c each.
Ladies' Unshrinkable
Jersey Ribbed Combination Suits,
High neck and long sleeves, in black,
natural and white. Special price $1 50
a suit.
New Fall Underwear.
We are showing this week the most
complete assortment of Ladies' and
Children's Underwear ever shown in
this city, ranging from the cheapest
cotton to the finest silk, comprising
combination suits, equestrian tights,
shirts and drawers. Ladies will do
well to inspect our gigantic stock be-
fore purchasing.
Mail Orders .Receive Our Prompt At-
tention.
NEWMAN & LED,
125, 137, 139. 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORK— 742 and 744 Market St
"bazaar*
: . '■ ■ ■"— ■ . ■ '
/\r\£Yoi/ M
A STRIKING MCE "\
OF STRIKING PRICES
IN STRIKING CLOCKS. .
Nickel Alarm 70c
••Seth Thomas" Alarm *1 23
6-Inch 15 -Minute Nickel Alarm SI 50
7-Inch Decorated PorcBlain,.l day time $ 1 90
8- Day, %-Hour Strike Mantel Clock, Oak
or Walnut ...'..'. $2 (55
8-Day, 14- Hour Strike Library Clock, solid
Oak v ..;.... $3 85
8- Day, 1/2-Honr Strike Clock, Black or Ma-
hoganr,7V«BXl3% «6 00
8-Day. Vo-Hour Mrike Clock, Black
Wcocl, 10%x17J4 $6 75
8-Day. IA-Hour strike ClocK.lrou with Urn,
llVi-v 61*, $8 00
8- Day, 1/2-Hour strike Clock. Iron, Black
or Mauogany, 9\ixl3Vi f 9 35
8-Day, %-Honr Strike locic, Iron, BlacK
or Manosrany, l-_' 1,4x1 514 $12 15
8-Day, V» Hour Strike lock, Black Marble,
9Va*HVa ••• $9 85
8-Day, %-liuur Strike Clock, Onyx Dome
top. lOVixll fl2 60
8-Day, i£-Hour Strike Clock. Bine Delf
aecorated ; ?8 00
8-Day, tit-Hour Strike Clock, Decorated
Porcelain, visible escapement $10 00
All Clocks guaranteed for one year. • *
Clocks and Watches repaired by skillful me-
chanics at lowest prices aud guaranteed.
TTtOVt BEDS."
'--J ,* i — BRASS BEDS.
<^ ' f FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and ■ Hair Mas-
tresses, llecUnln:
...... Chain, Wheel Cn»ir«,
T' " "*t Commodes, Back Ka*:i
I 1 I ffilffHf *• A. SCHROCK.
ESaX. — 21—
—■»«»—» _~] ' * J * i * . »w Montgomery
0 %*• I J St., under ucaui
. .• -. *^ Hotel. S. JT.
ammwncox compound
ngANSYGPUIS
Kfcfgf Safe and mare relief, never fall, ctiiers
SSgM are imitations. At all drugir'sts. Write for
fM? Woman's Safeguard FREE. WILCOX ilKDI-
*™ ciy«Co.. 22»50. Eighth St., Phllada., Fa.
— — — — — — '
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLKS H. PHILLIPS, ATTOR2fEY-AT
\J law and Notary Public, 688 Market St., oppo
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1620
Fell street. Telephone •' Pine " '-'591.
I When writing for farther particulars to
i any cf the Health or Summer Resorts ia
these columns kindly mention the Call.
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
OPEN ALL WINTER.
IT IS FULLY AS IDEAL. A WINTER
AS A SUMMER RESORT.
HOT AIR HEATERS.
OLD FASHIONED
OPEN FIRE PLACES:
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
RHEUMATISM, LIVER. KIDNEY
and STOMACH TROUBLES.
Reduced Rates Oct. 1, 1896, to May 1897.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, B. £.
■ Pamphlets sent to any address- free.
HIGHLAND_SPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
Good Climate and the Greatest Va-
riety and Finest Mineral Springs
In the "World. .
Fall season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
Cisco. Good hunting, bathintr, boating
and fishing.
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
LEE D. CRAIG,
316 Montgomery St., S. F.
Or J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Luke Co.. Ual.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California* Famoai Mountain Spa!
•Uavb You .Bkkn- Taißs jlatxly?
3000 feet above Napa Valley, climate nnsnr-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PostofHce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croqa«c
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WAHM WATER oWIM-
MiIk G. TANK. au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
AddressANDREW JACKSON, Xapafioda spring*
M ■ V% ■ ■ tf% f% HOT SPRINGS.
PARfllQjb 0 - 7 The
. iealth.rest.plea*.
are, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and planga
baths, hot sulnhur tub and swimming tanks, mas.
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. M.
daily, for Uoledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. Foe
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
fITT" I fiff fi HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If Al' I ' V bounty, only 1% hours from
\ft UITIT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
II |\ fi II I I II staging; new road througti
*******'* *" ** canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbinz: natural temperature of water 130* Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosqulios and other annoy
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Bound-trip ticket, only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Bates $1- a week; baths free.
J. F. 11ULGREW, Proprietor.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognised Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Tabla
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. bend for souve-
nir, Htaee at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting witij
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m. <■■■--'■-—. -
VIC POXCKLET, Llagas, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
"PECRKATIOX. REST AND HOME FOB IV-
XV vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and aieam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are among the amusements. i'ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first clans. Kates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael. California. "
FIFTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
As a Winter resort or home it has no equal la
the world. all the year.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rate* for Fall and Winter pruests.
. R. H. WARFIKLD & CO.
ASTORG mm JIMRAL WATER.
FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH: FROM:
-T L'obb Valley, Lake County: greatest medicinal
and curative water on earih. Hundreds cured;
thousands recommend it in San Francisco. Unlim-
ited supply at the depot. 103 Fifth street. selling
hundreds of gallons dally.
MADROXE MINERAL SPMGS
WILL JJK .OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
year. Waters sure cure for all stomach and
urinary troubles. Seitd for analysis and descrio-
tlve pamphlet. Address Madrone Mineral Springs,
Madrone, Santa Clara County, Cal.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
QtTMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flower*. Ad
dre.°v P. O. box 226.
RIVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OF
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men.
doclno County t round trip, S9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; n'ahinz, hunting, bathing and boating no-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent tabla;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. S.
GLLLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
T BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
HOTKL DE REDWOOD, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; board $7 to $10 a week: also
camping facilities, tents, etc. . Address M. S. COX,
Laurel.
#MRNYSS
I a THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and tit them to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of i*y work.
Office Hours— vi to 4 P. x.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladl 5 THH ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
liKlil I KIKIyII V\ CHINA and
HlUjii 1 WHim Alxl BELLEEK
■■■■---■- ■-■-■■ WARE
FOR DECORATING
S. R. CHURCH, 307 Bansome St., Room 1.
COSMOFOIjIT
Opposite U. B. Mint, 100 and 1 102 Filth st., San
Francisco, Cal. —The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, 91 25 and $1 SO per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms SOa
and 75c a day. Free coach. to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the ■ Cos-
mopolitan Hotel WM. fc'AUKV, Proprietor,
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE BlAltKJil'S.
Silver declined to 64% c.
V.'heat firm. Barley quiet.
Oats and Rye unchanged.
Corn in heavy receipt.
Beans unchanged.
Hay lower and demoralized.
Onions down to 25c per sack.
Potatoes arrive heavily.
Vegetables very dull.
Butter weak. Choice Eggs firm.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Fruit very dull. •
Dried Fruit firm.
Cranberries in market.
Hams quoted firmer.
Mexican Dollars siill cheaper.
Increased Revenue collections.
DISTRIBUTION OF SILVER COIN.
Under the present laws the Government distri
butes standard dollars In multiples of $500 and
subsidiary silver coin in multiples of $200 free of
expense to parties desiring the same in exchange
for lawful money deposited at the office of any
Assistant United Stales Treasurer. During the
past four months Assistan. Treasurer Berry of
San Francisco has sent out or the City all over
the coas . sliver coin free of expense as follows:
silver Subsidiary
Dollars. Silver.
In May ~ $101,30tf 851,
In June 125.500 89.870
In julv 260.500 76,650
In Aug'st 199,000 106.295
Un^ier free silver coinage those who want silver
coin will have to pay express charges for trans
mission.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections In this district dur
ing the first eight months of 1896 were $1,605,281,
against $1,330,851 for the same period in 1895.
This year's collections inclnded $408,163 for
beer, $695,192 tor spirits and $133,884 for cigars
and tobacco.
Kxptanatloß.
The arrow flies with :he wind. The top figure*
%: station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
tin- s. connect poln s of equal air pressure; i«o
-therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "alien" means high barometric pressure and
la usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and aecoiijpiiv.ieU by cloudy weather and rams.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washlnctoo
coast. Whpn :he pressure is high in the interior
and low along tue coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
but when the M l«w tl Is Inclosed with isobars ol
marked curvature, rain south of <>r*.gon Is improb
able. Wlih a "hlsb" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, wannei
weather may he expected in summer and ooldei
•eather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
*iil produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aobicul-
TI-KK. Weatheb Bureau, San Francisco, Sept.
14, 1896, sp. it. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
' The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: *
Eureka — , Red Bluff 74, San Francisco- 66,
Fresno 84, San Luis Obispo 74. Los Angeles 80,
San Dieso 72, Yum a 104. *.■ .
San tr.iii(i-co data— Maximum temperature 65,
.minimum 55, mean 60.
The pressure has risen during the past twenty
four hours along the Pacific Coast from San Fran
cisco to Fort Can by, but rain is falling at Port
land and Ros^burg. An area of high pressure is
central over the Dakotas and Is not aoparently
moving eastward.
1 The temperature has fallen over the Pacific
Slope from central California northward. It has
risen from 8 to 12 degrees over Idaho and Western
Montana and fallen about 1■« degrees over North
Dakota. Ihe temperature is b«lo»v the normal in
the Sacramento and San Josqnin valleys.
Increasing cloudiness with conditions favorable
for showers are inaica:ed for the Paclfl; Slope
north of Central California for the next tweniy
four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. September 15, 1896:
Northern California — Increasing cloudiness
.Tuesday with conditions favorable to showers In
northern portion and In the Sacramento Valley;
southerly winds changing to southwesterly.
Southern California— lncreasing cloudiness Tues
day; cooler early Tuesday morning: fresh west
erly winds
Nevada — Increasing cloudlnesi and possibly
showers in the extreme western portion Tuesday.
Utah— Cloudy and threatening weather Tuesday;
cooler in the northern portion
Arizona — Increasing cloudiness aud probably
'thunder showers in the eastern portion.
. isan Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing cloudi
ness: fresh westerly winds: threatening Tuesday
.night. A. G. McAdie. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
. NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 14. -The stock
market was quiet and irregular to-day. The
transactions were only 124, 134 shares, and In this
small total St. Paul represented 29.700 shares,
Sugar 19,000, Burlington 14,100. No Oi be. stock
on the list figures for as much as 10,000 shares.
At the opening an advance of 1i,4@1% took
place, much to the surprise of the general run of
operators, who were looking for a lower range on
account of Saturday's bank statement and weak
cables from London. A dtcrine soon followed and
the market ruled weak until late In the afternoon
■when a era! advance ensued. , The improve
ment was not maintained, and in the decline the
Industrials, internationals, Mar battan and West
ern Union scored losses of 14® I U, per cent.
The weakness was due to a belief that the Bank
of I. upland rate 01 discount will be advanced on
Thursday. and also to the big dry-goods failure in
l'hi.adelpnia and the increased activity on the
part of the bears. Subsequently the losses ' re
ported were regained and there whs some buying
in certain quarters on the belief of a bg sound
money victory In Maine. Toward the close the
entire list weakened.on selling lor both accounts
and the market left off barely steady. London
firms bought St. aul and sold Louisville and Nash
vlll-, but their operations were unimportant
Neither the reduction In the posted rates for sixty
days to $4 82 nor the weakness of silver had any
influence to speak of on the railway speculation.
Net changes show losses of Vi@ s/ s outside of
Northern Pacific preferred. Norm west an 1 Man
hattan, wh eh ained %@Va per cent. Tobacco
however, lost lS/ 8 er c -in. In the inactive Uioea
Minnesota ! on iironjx-d 5 to 46 and rallied to 491;,
Bonds were dull and lower. >ales were $643 -
000. Chicago and Northern Pacific fives certifi
cates fell to 19: Ann Arbor fours, 1% to 03-
American Sp rits sixes, 1 to 60y a : Northern Pa
cific consolidated lives, 1 to 44; Denver and Gulf
consolidated fives, 1 to 29, and Reading general
fours. % to 73%.
In Government l onds 9 000 registered fours of
1907 brought 105% and $2700 do coupon lO7*,i@
10784. vst
Grain.
. FJ OUR— Quiet, firm. Winter wheat, low crudes
$1 70&2 50; do. fair to fancy, $2 40©3 40- do'
r>nt"iit.s, $3 45@3 75: Minnesota cl^ar. . $3 '»O(cL
3 70; do. straits, $2 8.*.@3 .0: do. patents, $3 16(8)
4 05: low extras. $1 7L@2 50; city mills, $3 90
-do, patents, $4@4 25. Rye flour more active
steady at $2 25@2 75.
C. > i # v ME .. L— Quiet; steady. Yellow Western
$1 95@2.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WribtiLOCK & CO.,
-<■ Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
BRANCH orncK
I2S Market £L, Palace Hotel. TeL Main 6828
J. S. 11KI) V, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
Cmicaqo. JJUVATJfc WIS& **W YOBS.
1 RYE— Firm: Western, 38%@39c.
BARLEY— Quiet. New feeding, 30^@SO%c.
WHEAT— DuII; firmer, j No. 2 red. 1. o. b.. 68c;
ungraded red, 68<&69c; No. 1 Northern, 665/gC.
Options were fairly active and irregular, closing
firm at ygfa^ic advance, with tne West, better
cables, foreign buying and local covering: De
cemner and May most act ye. May, 703,4 c: Sep
tember, 66c; October, 64 % c: December. tt6%c.
CORN— DuII, firm. No. -a 263/gu elevator; 27^sC
afloat.
Options were dull and firm at yg@!4c advance
on firmer cables, better West and local covering.
December and October most active. September,
26y 8 c: October, 26<&c: December, 28c; May,
3oy c
OaTS— Dull: firm.
Options dull, firmer. September, 19% c; Oc
tober, 20c; December, 21c.
:-pot prices: No . 4 j,20c; No. 2 white, 24@24Vfec;
No. 2 Chicago, i.'ol,ic; no. 3. 18J^c; No. 3 white.
20y a c; mixed Western. 20@2iy 3 c: white do, 20®
2»y a c.
Provision*.
LA KD— Firm: Western steam, $3 67%; city,
$3 35@3 40; September. $3 55: refined dull: conti
nent. $3 95; bouin American. $4 45: compound,
is / 4@4c
lURK— Steady; new mess, $7 50(28 25.
I BUTTER— Weaker: liberal supplies; Western
I dairy. B@l2c: do creamery. ll@16c: do factory,
7Va@llc: Elgins, 16c; imitation creamery, 10®
12% c.
CHEESE— Quiet; held higher; part skims,
2^c: full skims, iy 3 @l»4c.
tliGs- Firm; Western iresh, 14@16c; do V
case, .*•-•©.<.
TALLoW-Quiet; steady; city, S3-16@3Vic;
country, 3 /aC
COTTON OlL— Firm; crude, 21e; yellow,
prime, 24c
PETROLEUM— Steady: refined New York.
$6 85; Philadelphia, $6 80; do In bulk, $4 30®
4 35.
RlCE— Fairly active: firm; domestic, Sy2@s»4c;
Japan, 4@4i.4c.
MOLASSES— Firm; fair demand; New Orleans,
27®87c • • •
COFFEE— Quiet, 5 and 16 points up; Septem
ber. $9 20: November, $8 85: December, $8 55®
8 70; January, $8 60; March, $8 65@8 70; May.
$8 65@8 70. spot Rio, dull, easy: No. 7. 10®
10V 8 c •
M<;AR— Quiet, steady. No. 6, 4%c; No. 7.
4Vic: No. 9, 4 11-16 c; Mold A, sc; off A, 4 7-16®
41/2 C; standard A, 4»4c; confectioners' A. 4fysc;
cut loaf, ss/ c: crushed, b^gc; powdered, 6c;
granulated, 4%c; cubes, 5c
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS- Bags, new, B@loc.
PKACHES-Peeied, old, 12@14c; unpeeled,
6 (a Be.
PRUNES— Four sizes, old, 48 / 4fa)sc.
KAIBINS — Two-crown, loose Muscatel, SS4@4c:
do three-crown. 4f>^(ffi6c; do :our-crowu, sVjc: do
London layers, nominal, $1(3)1 15; clusters, *i 20 %
1 40.
HOPS-Quiet Pacific Coast, Sfglß^c.
WOOL -Moderate demand, steady. Domestic
deece, 16^,2Sc; pulled, 18(o.31c; 'lexas, 7(5,12j.
JMerchan<lt«e.
Tin IKON— Fairly active. American. $10 26®
12 50.
COPPEP-Firm; lake. 810 75(aiO 85.
IEAL I—Firm:1 — Firm: domestic. *•_' 80@2 86.
UN-Dull; straits. »13@13 10; , lates steady.
bPELXLK-Qulet; flOBH~«ti-. 43 55®^ 65.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, Sept. 14.— Wheat prices
changed Irregularly within narrow limits this
morning, but traders were somewhat indifferent.
Only light business was transacted, outside orders
being more than usually scarce, while scalpers
were doing less than an ordinary business. The
world's shipments were quite heavy at 7, 320,0i0
bushels, that being a factor at the commencement
of the session, prices then declining slightly, bat
very soon afterward rallying on moderate pur
chases. Receipts in the Northwest were 105 cars,
against 1674 on the corresponding aay last year.
J.ast Monday was a ho. 1 Jay, no comparison bein^
therefore possible. Chicago teceived 197 cars, and
inspected out 30,000 bushels. Liverpool opening
cables were i^4d higher.
The amount on ocean passage Increased 1.200,
-000 bushels, ana the visible supply 1,107.000
bushels, two announcements which served to
weaken the market, but late cables quoting 1 iver
pool Va@ld higher, Berlin H/i@lS4. marks higher,
ana Antwerp I- 1 /" centimes higner, caused a quick
change in sentiment, an advance resulting.
Throughout the remainder of the day the market
was very erratic and operators were puzzled over
its action. Kxport clearances were light at 256 841
bushels. The Encash visible supply increased
403,500 bushels. Paris quoted unchanged prices
for il..ur and s@lo centimes decline on wheat at
the close of thai market. December wheat opened
from 596;gc to 59 y 2 c, advanced to 60i, 4 ifgitH>3 c,
closing ut 60V 8 -, i /4 c higher than Suturuay. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 285 cars.
CORN— May maintained the reputation for dull
ness it long ago achieved. Nevertheless there
was qulc« a respectable degree of firm ness in the
tone. There was some talk of a settlement of
railroad rates west, which, if true, would tend to
cut down the receipts This contrinuted to the
strength of prices, but the l.gbt trade was not con
ducive to great appreciation in values. Receipts
were 467 cars, and 621,559 bushels were taken
from store. Liverpool caoles were firm. The
visible supply decreased 774.000 bushels, and the
amount on ocean passage 400,000 bushels. Ex
port clearances amounted to 282,875 bush Is.
May corn opened at 243/ B e, advanced to 24% c,
closing at 24*/ i.c, 3/ 8 c higher than Saturday. Ks
tiinau-d receipts fur to-morrow, 590 cars
OATS— Were neitner more nor less active than
they nave recently been, and no incident or hap
pening appeared to make interesting toe market.
Sympathy with the other grains ruled the saua
tion. Receip:s were 356 cars, and 49.525 bushels
were withdrawn from store. The visible supply
increased 804.000 bushels. May oats closed ' Vs@
i/4c per bushel h gher. Estimated receipts for to
morrow, 500 cars. - <
FLAX— Was easier. Cash, 64@S4VsC; Septem
ber 6444 c: December, 66% @ 66Vac; January,
67Vjc. Receipts were 19 3 cars-
PROVISIONS— It was possible to characterize
the feeling in provisions this morning as easy, but
not much changH in quotations was noted. That
the feeling was less than steady was ascribed to a
Blight decline in prices In the hog market. Owing
to the str-n.:th occasionally shown by wheat prod
uct was enabled to rally later in the session. Jan
uary porK and lard closed 5c to 7V»c higher and
January ribs 2^c higher.
BUTTER— The butter market was quiet to-day.
Nothing of importance transpired. Receipts were
moderate ana the demand fair.
Creameries— Extras, 15c i* Ib: firsts, 13@14c;
seconds, 10@l^c; imitations, fancy, 12®
Dairies— Extras, 13c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c
Ladles— Extras, 9V2@lwc: firsts, B*B Vs c I packing
stock. 6fc,7c: grease. 4(g,5c
EGGS— Were not very active, yet a firm feeling
was noted. Holders were asking better prices.
Fresh stock, 13@13<Vfc c f* dozen.
MONEI— Was 0[g,1% on call and 1% on time
loans. .New York exchange sold at ii. dis
count.
Closing Price*. .
wnK AT— September. 68%o; December, 60V«c:
May, 64%-
CORN— September. 21c; December, 21%©22 -
May, 24% c B
OATS— September. 15% c; May. 19y B '<cl9i4c
POKK— September. $5 7b; January, »U /5.
l.Aßi^— September, «3 30; January, *3 67Va
-I.l.es>— September. C 3 12y s ; January. Hi 37 y*.
.Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lii., Beet. 14.-Re
ceipts of cattle to-day were fair. The demand was
not active and the general market was dull.
Choice steers, being scarce, commanded better .
prices, however. The advance in these kinds was
about 10c. Business in the hog market was good,
steady prices being quotable for good to choice
grades, but a nickel lower for other kinds. Sheep
were weak and 10c lower. The supply was large
and the de.nand slow.
CATTLE — Keceinu, 20,000. Fancy beeves.
«51U@5 20: choice 10 crime. 1300 to 1700 ft. steers,
$4 65ra>.j 00: good to choice steer*. 1200 10 1600 to
£4 M(<X,t 60; 'medium steers, 1000 to 1300 Ib $3 SO
Ca4 -^5: fair beef steers. 950 to lsoo lbs
$3 70 C* 3 86; butcher steers, S3 10<i&3 65
choice siocker* and feeders, 900 to I2sd'ib $3 40
($3 80: fair do. 500 to 876 Ib, if-' 50(^3 36; bulls
choice 10 extra, $2 80@3 35; bulls, poor 10 choice
*•-• 00®-' 75: cows ana n^ifer*. choice toextra. $3 £>d
ig.3 85; cows, iair to choice, $2 25@3 40; rows,
common to fair can tiers. $1 'J5(g,2 10; calves, rood
to choice. $5 -.."5(0.5 90: calves, common to good
$3 &o©s 20; Texas grass steers. 42 35@a kiO
Texas cows and bulls, $1 76@2 50; Western can
ning steers, $2 tis(a,4; Western range cows ana heif
ers. $2 'Jo:a,3 40 . milkers and springers. «4 nead
V.;0(g,38: Western range steers, f£ 80ftn;-t «0
iIOOS — Receipts. 46,000. Heavy packlns ana
(hipping lots. $2 70&3 25: common to choice
mixed, $2 75(<63 35: choice assorted. .S3 30<a
»37i*: lithu *3 05C&3 45: pigs. *2i03 30.
fcii.e.iii'— luctins. 25,000. interior to choice 42
(5.3; lambs, $2 60.8.4; iw'*
tALIFOKNIA FKUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows: Pears—
Bartletta. $1 15@1 85; Roweil, $1 05@l 15-
Beurre Hardy, 75c@$l 20. Prunes-Hungarian
$1 75; Gros, $1 60@l 75; Italian, »1 <_o<ai 40*
German, $1 16. P.ums-Kclsev, $1 1 r,T l -5'
Grapes— Tokay, 90c@$l 60. Peaches, 60@80c '
CHICAGO, 111., sept. 14.-Porter Bros. Com
pan. sold California fruit to-day as follows-
Grapes— Tokay, $.• 60 double crate. 45c®$l 05
«i Ug i^ r -i al^V * Muscat . 61)@75c. Peara-Bajrilettsi
$1 15@1 45 per box and 90c per half-box.
Prunes-Hungarian, $1 15 per half-crp.te. Plums
bgx^ic^t^e,^'' 63 -^" 8^ 36865 c S
M.W \oj;i v sI'OCKS. ,
I'.nnda, Exchange. Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call firmer at 5®7%; last loan at 62
and closing offered at 6* Prime mercantile paper,
IiQIOX, i.ur kliver, 643 /ic . .Mexican dollars,- 6014
@s*i/4C Merlin* Kxchanie- firmer, with- actual
i.uslnens m bankers' bills at, $4 tjl>i@4 b2
♦or -sty days, and $4 84(«4 84 i A for jtmand!
i?'isSlL«A Hi $ *r« 2 ®* 84^- Commercial bills.
$4 Hoy a C3i4 81 Government bonds easier. State
oonds quiet. Railroad bonas lower. Bilvar at the
board was steadier. ■, ■-" *•"*"•""
" I WO KTOCR4.
Atchlson» 1134 Preferred. 12i,~
. Preferred " , 17y 4 .Northern Pacific:: 12y!
Adams Express. . .. 1 431^ Preferred. 1 lif.
Alton. Terre Haute 65 | Northwestern '.'.'" 98vt
American ExpresslO7 ' Preferred ■ "*'l4H
AmerlcanTooacco. 62% N. V. Central " eiw.
Preferred......... 95 N.Y.,Chica?OHfci'i: 10
Bay State Ga5...... 16 I Ist preferred... . 72
Baltimore <fe Ohio.. 1314 ■ U<X preferred '27 -
Brunswick Lands.. n %N. Y.& N. H...v"1 165
huffalo. Roch AP. 17 N. V. & New En£ 20
Canada Pacific... 67 IN. V., Snsq & W.T. ay*
Canada Southern.. 4iVa ! Preferred.. 23 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
Canton Land 50% Ontario.. 11
Central Pacific 13y* Ontario it Western 12%
Ches. <fc Ohio i 36/ 8 Oregon Improvmnt y%
Chicago Alton. 162 Preferred —
Preferred 165 Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago. B. & Q.... Oreicon Short Line. 13
Chicaao* E. 111... 38 IPaciftcMatl 18
Preferred I*o Peoria. D. <t Evans 1%
CblcagoGaa 69% Pittaburg & W. pfd 16
Cleve.fc PltUbnrg..ls<) Pullman Pa1ace.. ..142
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver. l^jg
Consolidated Ga5. .115 Preferred. 15
C. C. C. & Su Louis 25 Readme 14*4
Preferred. 75 HloUrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 17% Preferred 40
Preferred 90 Kock Island. 69%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 11% Rome Wat&Ogdea 108%
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. S. W...... 3V*
Dei. Hudson.. 121 Preferred 7%
Del.LackAWe.strn. 157 St. Paul 70Vfc
Denver R, G 10% Preferred. 127
Preferred. 4U%ISt. Paul <ft Dulutb. 15
Distillers — | Preferred. 75
General Electric... 26%, 5t. Paul & Omaha. 37
Erie.; l-iv Preferred. 117
Preferred 28 " Su P. M. & M 103
Fort Wayne.. ...... 146 • Oliver Certificate*. 65
Great Northern pfdl 12 Southern Pacific... 16
Greenßay Southern R. 714
Harlem 300 1 Preferred. 21
Hocking C0a1...... ' Sugar Refinery ....1)4%
Hocking Valley.... 14% Preferred 10U/4
Homestake. 34 141 Term. Coal &. Iron. 20%
H. & Texas Cent. Preferred. ....... »0
Illinois Central 87% Texas Pacific 6%
lowa Central 7 Tol.A.A.&N.Mioh.— - .
Preferreo 24»/ Tol. & Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas it Texas... 9% Preferred. 50
Preferred 21% Tol.Si.LouisA K.C. 6
Kuiirsoiiit Pern... 3 Preferred. 15
Lake Erie & Westn 14 1 .>! Union Pactnc. . . 6%
Preferred......... 64% U. P. Den & Quit.- 1%
LskeShore 142^, U. S. Coraage Ss/
National Lead 20" Preferred. 714
Preferred. 81% Guaranteed ....... 14
Long Island 65 U. 8. Express .— 36
Louisville & Nash. 40V4 V. B. Leather...... 714
Louisville. NaJtCtt 2 Preferred. 50
Preferred. 6 U. S. Rubber. 18
Manhattan Con sol. SM/a Preferred. 70
Memphis & Charts. 15 Utlca &B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... H S. L « Pao.. 4%
Michigan Central.. 87 Preferred. I«%
Minn 4 S. L.. ......—. Wells-Fargo. bO
Preferred Western Union.... eO»4
Minn &, st. L com. 14% Wisconsin Central. 2
Ist preferred 65 I Wheeling &L. IS.. 6%
2dpreferred 38 ' Preferred. 23%
Missouri Pacific.. 1 14 Am Cotton OU pM. 47
Mobile Ohio 16 W. U. Beef 6%
Nashville <fc Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor 6%
National Linseed.. 14 Preferred. 17%
£;. J. Central 100% Brooklyn Traction. 21
North. American... 4 V», f.nu 2d uxa. 16V»
cxnuiNu FONIW.
Ala Class A4s 101 Northern Pao lsts. 11 4%
Do Class 84, 55.. 101 Do2ds 112%
Alabama, class C. 95 Do ads. 66
Atcnison 4s 74% Do consdl 5s . .. 44
Do2ds A 33 Olmprovement Ist 72
Canada south 100 Do 6s 9
Cen Pac lstsof '95.100 OR & N Ist*. 109
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Do jonsol bs .... 83
\>° 1887 10 Or Short Line 65... 108
go 1898 10J Docons&s 59
Do 1899 100 Pacific 6s of -97....
Ches <*onio 05....104% ihila*; eading4s. 73%
9V?« >' TrßctsSs 39 i Do lsi pfd in«am. 32
DCS-668 X 109V4 R Grande West Ist* 68
Den 4KB Ist 110% s-tLilronMtGenSj 69
..P° ** 86% M L <fcB F Gen 6s. 102
r^. ad » 59 ;St Paul C0n5015.. ..123
>t\\ADenCitylsts 49 St Pc& Pa lsts... 112
H<tS , Aßa 101 Bo Carolina 4%5... 90
Do2d7s 100 Southern RR6s... 84
Gen ElecDebbs... 85 Do Pac Cal lsts..l 10
li A Tex Cent, 6a.. 102 Term new 3s 70
Docon6s. 95 Texas Pacific lsis. 7»
lowa Cen:ral lsts.. 92 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16
Kansas Pa Consols 62 % Union Pac lsta 96.100
Kt> b i«i 3 LHin «UVIOB I B4s teg of 1-25.115 l 4
LaConsol 4s 90 to 4s, coupon.... 115
Missouri funding... r F 4n.rec of 1907.105%
MKT2ds .. 51% Do 48. coupon.... 107
., D °, 4a 80 lo2s •"— • 91
Mobile Ohio 45.. 59% DoSs 110
Mutual Union 65.. .1061/4 J o 6s. coupon. . .110
> J Cent Gen 65.. .114% Va funding debt... 67%
«'i >'* st Louis 4s 102% Do registered —
NorAWest Gen 65. 105 Do deferred 6s. 6
N Carolina con 45.. 95 Do trust rcpts st. 4
, Vo ' i <> 110 iWabasn Ist 5s 103
Northwest Consols. 134 West Shore 4a,. 102%
Do deb 6s 103%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eng.. Sept. 14.— The spot market
is firm at 5s 6%d@ss 7%d. Cargoes firmer at 27s
4%d, August shipment.
FDTUHKS.
The Produce Exchance cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: Sep
tember. 6s 3i/*d: October. 6s 3%d: November, 5s
3%d; December, 6s 4d; January, 6s 4 %d-
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Enq., Sept. 14.— Consols, 110%; sil
ver, bOd; French Rentes, 102f 95c.
EXCHANGE ANO BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — * 4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 gs
Sterllnc Cables _ 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New or« Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine silver, %» ounce — 643/ i.
Mexican Dollars 60% 61
.. __ !
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHi£AT-The Dltton takes for Cork 97.964 ctls,
valued at $95,500; Cedarbank. for Hull, 67,923
ctls at $66,225.
The market rules steady at the advance and
futures are still higher. No. 1, 97%@983 / ic » ctl
choice, $1: lower trades. 90@95c; extra choice
for milling, $1 O2V*B@l 06 t* c.i.
CALL HOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
16,000 ctls, $1 01; 14,000. «i oiy 8 .
second session — December— l2,ooo ctls.
$1 01; 10.000. $101 y 8 Msy-6000. $1 05Vb-
Regular Mokxino Session — December—
4000 ctls. $1 01V * : 14.000, $101S/ . May-4000.
$1 051,4: 2000, $1 05%: 8000. $1 05y,. '
Af^kmiun SKBBIOK — December— 2000 "is,
f 1 OlVi: 10,000. $1 Oil*,.
BARLK —Shipment of 26,992 ctls Brewing,
valued at $21 ,694. 10 England.
The market is quiet and unchanged. We quote
Feed. 61j@61Vic 3 ctl: choice bright. 62i-<.»633 /
fetl; BrewiLg. 72Vs@77VjC * CU; Chevilier, 9oc
&$1 for No. 1.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session*— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
It j-.'.ri \it Mobnino mokmon— No sales.
AKTKKNuiiN SESSION— No Males.
OATS- .Milling. 87Vi@9i:y 3 c: fancy feed. 92%
©95c: good tocboice. 85@,92v 2 c : common 10 fair
75@80c; Gray. 85@87%c; Surprise. 95c@,$l 02 V 2
CORN —Large arrival from .Nebraska. The mar
ket Is depressed and overstocked, Larce Yellow
Is quotable at 82Vb@85c: Small Rouud do, 87%
@90c %» ctl: White, 7i.(g)75a V "
RYE— 7O@72y 2 c «* ctl for old and 62y.<a65c for
new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 88@95c * ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF9.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 * bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40®
3 60; superfine $2 75@3.
CORN MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn. $19@19 50;
Cracked Corn. $19 60@'-»0 $ ton. .-.•;; •£»
MiLLSTUFF —Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour *2 10-
Rye Flour, $2 60; Rice Flour, $6 75; Cornmeaf,
$2 10; extra cream do, $2 75: oatmeal, $2 90- Oat
Croats, $3 50: Hominy, $3 10@3 30: Buckwheat
Flour. $Hlo@3 30: Cracked Wheat. $2 75: Fa
rina. $3 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Oats, $3 60; Pearl Barley, «3 60; split Peas, $3 20-
Green do, $4 10 * 100 lbs. °i»o*u.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFB.
BRAN-$13@13 50 for the best and $12@12 50
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLiNGS-sls@l6*ton for lower grades,
and $17@18 $> ton for the best.
FEELSTUFFB— Rolled Barley, «14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 $ ton: Jobbing, *22; clipped
Oats. 97V«jc@$l 05 * ctl. PP^
HAY -Prices have again declined under the
enormous receipts. . A thousand tons came in yes
terday. Wheat, $7@9 * ton; Wheat and Oat, *6
@3 60: Oat. «s(g>7: Barley. $6@7; Kiver Barley,
*4 50(0,5; Alfalfa, $5 60@6 60 for secondanc $4 60
@i 5 for first cutting: compressed $6(a.9; stock
$4&5: Clover, 6@7 60.
bTKAW— 3O<§(35c bale.
BEANS AND si;i.ix.
BEaNS— Bayos are quotable at $1 0 1 16 ft oil;
Small Whites, 95c@$l 10 ft ell: Pea, 95c
@$. 15 f* ctl; Large Whites, 85@96c ■& cU; Pink,
IW.'k'X, £. ct i. : Rpd8 ' $I @ l 50 * cll 5 Blackeye,
*1 25(§1 50: Re<l Kianey, *I@l 10; Limas $1 80
642 05: Butters, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 65® 2 65: Yellow
Mustard. $1 25 1 60 - Flax, $1 3o@l 35: Canary
2V4@23Ac ■* lb; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%c :
Hemp, 3%c. v " '
« 1 D K 1 ; J l , EAS -* 1 10 1 40 «"1 for NUe » and
f 1 25@1 60 for Green.
POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES -No change. Arrivals are still
large. Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 25; Garnet Chiles,
60<S65c %* cil: Karly Rose, 2&@3Oc; Bur
bank Seedlings, 25@30c for Rivers and 60@80c for
Salinas.
ONIONS— Very weak at 20@25c '# sack; Pickles,
60c fi sack.
VEGETABLES— The market Is dull and de
pressed. Marrowfat Squash, $5@7 60 * ton; Green
Corn, 25@650 fi sack: Alameda Corn, 60c©$l V
crate; Berkeley Corn. J»s@f>oc » box: Summer I
Squash, 'Jo@3oc %i box. for Bay: Egg Plant, 25®
35c * box: Tomatoes. 16<8.20c $ box for Rivers
and 15@25c ft box tor Bay; Alameda Cucumbers.
i'o(^3oc; Pickles, 50@65c « box for NO 1 and 25®
£>0c i» ctl for No. SI; Green Peppers, 20@30c it
large box for Chile and 20@>30c for Bell: Green
Peas, 60c(&Sl sack for common and 2c it Ib for (
Garden; string Beans, 50@75c & sack for com
mon and 1%(&2c %*) tt> for garden: LI mas. 25@76c
?» sack; Green Okra, 40©60 c ft box: Dried Okra.
111 „ •■ p ib; Cabbage, 40c %* cti; Carrots, 25@30c
* sack; Garlic, l@l%c f> tt>.
BUTTER, CHEE^K AND EGGS.
BUTTER— but no lower, though some
holders are willing to sell at concessions
_ CKKAMKBY-Fancy, 26%@27%c; seconds, 2S@
25c Ib.
Dairy— Fancy, 23@24c: good to choice, 19®
22% c: lower grades, rJVg@l7y.c * Tb. **
I'icki.kd- 16@17c $ Id.
Firkin— l4@l6c 1R lb.
CllEKsE— Choice mild new, 9c "$ Ib: common to
good old, 6%@8%c.H tt>: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc-
Young America, 9®loc: Western, 10@llc; East
ern. 1 1@1 3c i* Ib.
EGGS— Choice are steady. Oregon are quot
able at 12@13c dozen; Eastern,: 14%@16c
dozen for )air to choice and I~c for fancy : store
Eggs. 12@14c for ordinary and 15®17%c for good;
ranch Eggs, 20@27%c; cold storage ranch, I<<§)
18c; Duck Eggs, 16<s>J7 doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— a car of Eastern is announced for
to-day.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13@14c » Ib for
Gobbler.. 12@13c « Ib for nens: Geese, * pair,
$.@1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $2 60@3
?aoi for old and $3 506d4 60 for young; Hens,
$4ffl4 5O: Roosters, young. $3 50@4 '«>. dozen; do,
old, $4@4 50 : Fryers %'i 75@3: Broilers, $^ 50@
3 for large and $v!f<£2 50 for small: Pigeons,
$1 50@l 75 « dozen lor young aud $1 25<g)l 50
for eld.
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-
Fine Mountain freestone Peaches alone bring
over 50c. Plums are quite scarce. Figs are very
dull.
Quinces, Ss@sOc 9 box.
Peaches, 25@65c box and 15@25c « basket.
Plnms, 26050 c « box: Prunes, 40@60c.
Pomegranates, 75®85c » box.
Apples, 75c@$l •# box for choice and 25@G0c
for common.
Pears, 30@60c $» box; Bartletts, 50@85c * box.
Figs, • 25(a.4Uc 4i box for white und 25@65c for
black. - ■ ■
BERRIES— No small Strawberries came in.
Strawberries, V, chest for Long worths and
$4@5 for large berries.
Raspberries, *3@4 V chest.
Blackberries. $2@4 * chest.
Huckleberries are out of market for the present.
Cranberries are in from Wisconsin and are quot
ed at $10 *H bbl.
GRAPks— Weak and plentiful and In poor de
mand. Seedless, 35@60c "& box: Isabellas. 60@60c
V crate: Tokays, . 35@46c %t box: Black Grapes,
26@40c & box: Muscats. 25@40c: Sweet waters
and Fontainebleaux, 20@35c «4 box; Grapes in
crates bring 6r<£loc more than in boxes.
Zinfandel Wine Grapes, $20@2H 1* ton.
MELONS— Watermelons, *'J@B %* 100: Canta
loupes, 50(#s5c * crate: Nutmegs, 25(g):-tOC V box.
CITRUS FRUITS-Oranges, $2@3 ■$ box for
-valenclas and $1 60 ft box for Mediterranean
Sweets; Lemons, 75c@$l 60 ft box for common
dan t'l 50@3 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$s(jg>s £0 box; California Limes. 60®76c: Ha
nanas,sl@2fibanch; Pineapples, f2@3 50 $ doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISLNS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Peaches, Apricots and Prunes are firm.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows :
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6@Bc V Ib for Royal*
and *>(a»10c V Ib for choice to fancy Moorparks;
Prunes. 3c %4 Ib; Peaches, 3@4c V Ib for prime to
choice, 6%c for fancy and 9@loc for peeled In
boxes: Apples, 6c for evaporated and 2@2%cfor
sun-dried ; Pears, 31 \(d. ic for prime to choice. 5c
tor quarters and 6c tor halves; Plums, 4c ior pit
ted and I%®2c for unplued: Nectarines. 3(^4c
for choice and ac for fancy; white Figs, Sc; black
FIRS, 21,4®2%C.
Jobbinu Prices— New Peaches. 4i?4(a5%c ?l
Ib: fancy, 7c fl Ib; new Apricots, 6(g>7c %» Ib:
fancy, 8c; Moorparks, 10®llc: new evaporated
Apples, 6c; sun-dried. 3c; Prunes, 3c for the four j
sizes: new Figs, black. 2y a c for unpiessed »nd '
3(a.3Va for pressed: white M»:s, 4c; Plums, 5c for
pitted and l%c for unpltted; new Nectarines, 4
® 5c ft Ib for prime to fancy: Pears, 3%@4%c for
wiiole, 6c for quarters and 6c for halves.
RA SINS-
« abi. ad Prices, f. o. b. Fresno— Four-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown. 3V4c; 2-crown, 2'^c; Seedless
Sultana*. 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 10: clusters, $1 35; Dehesa
clusters, $1 75; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
Giapes, 244 c 'p Hi.
Jobbino I'm l-s— Four-crown, loose, 4Vac: 3
crown, 33/4 C V Ib: 2-crown, 8c f» Ib: seedless Sul
tanas, 5c %i Hi; seedless Muscatels, 3V 2 c; 3-crown
London layers. $1 ; clusters, $160. Dehesa clus
ters, $2 50: Imperial clusters, 2 50.
NUTS— Quo.atlons are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c "$ ft tor LanKuedoc,
i» lb for hardshell and 9@loc 1* Ib for paper
shell, lobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c p for Eastern and
4c for California: Hickory Nuts. 6@6c f» ft,;
Pecans, 7%@Bc; Filberts, 7i/ 2 (»8c; brazil Nuts,
7V2@ric tti; cocoanuts, J4@s $ 100.
IIONEY— Comb, 10(a,l lor bright and s(<i9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, s@s^c;
light amber extracted, 4V2®4%c; dark amber, HA
41/40; aarK, 2@3c V. Ib.
LEES WAX— 26@27c ■$, lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are quoted firmer.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6i^c ft Ib for heavy,
7%c f Ib for light medium. 9ffi9Vic * Ib
for light, 10@llc for extra Hunt and 12c for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12Va&13c:
California Hams, 10@llc t* n»; Mess Beer, ST©
8: extra mess (to, 48: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $B(<iH 60: extra dear, $13 f bbl:
mess, $11 50(«l~ f* bol: smoked Beef, 10c fl Ib.
LARD- Eastern tierces is quoted at 4ViC«!lb
for compound and 6 Vie for pure; palls. Be V tt>;
California tierces, 4y 3 c for compound and 6 Vic lor
pure; ha.f-bbls, 6sic; IU-lti tins, 6 Vac: do 5-lb
6V 2 c # Ib.
COTroLENE-6Vg@6VaC In half-bbls and 6}i@
TVs * to in 10-It) tins. . /4W
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers Be;
culls and brands, o@sy 2 c; medium, sc; culls and
brands, 4(g.4vj|C ft tb; light, 4c; culls and
brands, 3@3ysjc; Cowhides. 4@4i£c: culls and
brands, 3@4c; saltea Kip, 4c: salted Calf. 6c > It>:
salted Veal, 6c; dry -Hides. 9@9Vfcc; culls and
branas, 7c; dry Kip and Veal.7(g.Bc; culls, 6c;
dry Calf, l!'<g>l4c; culls, »@9e; Goatskins. '20$
Hsc each: Kids. 6c: Deerskins, good summer,
26ta.'27\^e: medium, 15@.2Vic; winter. 7@loc;
Mk •■[ sKins. shearings, 10i>15c each: short wool,
20@35ceacu; medium, 4O'(jSOc each : long wools,
&0(g,60 each. Culls of all kinds about \' 2 c less.
'1 AJ,I.O\V— No. 1. rendered, 2Vj@3c; No. 2,
2i^c; refined, 4s;@sc: Urtrase, 2c fy tt>.
WOOL— Humboldt and Mendoclno, 10@llc: Val
ley Oregon. iO@llc %* tt>; do lower grades, 8@10c;
Nevada, 6@Bv2C; San Joaqmn and Southern
Coast, six months, 4@6c; Ban Joaquin, foothill,
good to choice, 6y«@7Vic; an Joaquii, year's
fleece. 4@sV>c; noriheru free, 7®9c: do detective,
5@6UjC %i It,.
Hops— .Nominal at 2@3c » lb for 1895.
GENERAL 3IKKCHAMJISK.
BAGS— Calcutta Hraln Bags, spot, 94 1 21 ' z <®4 20:
San Qiuiitiu, $4 20; Wool Bags. 24Mj@26Vfec
COAL— Wellington, $8; IB ton; New Wellington,
t8 ton: South tield' Wellington. $7 60 * ton;
Seattle, #5@5 60: t'.ryau , So; Coos Bay, $4 60;
Wallsend, $7: Scotch, $7 60; Brymbo, *7 60;
Ciinineriaiid, $13 60 fl ton In bulk and 916 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anttiracite Egg, 9 11 * ton; Welsh
anthracite, 99; Cannel, 97 50: l.ock Bpriiigs.
Castle (iate ami Pleasant Valley, 97 60: Coke,
9 11 (ft 12 in bulk and 913 fi ton in sks.
M'(iAK-ihf Wi-stern Sugar P.etinlng Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 6S/ g c; Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry (Jrauu
lated, 434 c: Confectioners' A, 4*40: Magnolia A,
4%c; ExtraC,4l4c: Golden C, 4 y a <\: half barrels,
i. 4 c more than barrels, and boxes V3C more.
SAN JTKANCISCO MKAT MAKKKT.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4Vi@sc; second do, 4@
4V«ic: third do. Hi,c fc ft.
\ KAL-Lar K e, 4<£sc; small. s@6c *Ib
MUTTON — Wethers, 4^©sc; Ewea, 4@4y s c
I.A.MH-6@BcHlb.
PORK— Live lioss, 2SAC V Ib for large and 2%c
for small and medium ; dressed do, 4V<j@sc * tt».
KECEIPTS OF rKOI»UCK.
FOR 24 norm.
Flour, qrsks... 28.982 Butter, ctls 133
Oregon 3.502 Cheese, ci ls 6
Wheat, ctls 157,413 Kggi dor 14,520
Oregon l.HhO! Hides, no 619
Barley, cils 1»,B62 ! Pelts, bd Is 565
Beans, sks „ 1.418, Wine, pals 85,410
Oats, ctls 1.320 i Wool, ins 180
Oregon 5H5 Sugar, bbls 444
Corn, Neb, ctls.. 1.6101 Lumber. M feet.. 20
Potatoes, sks... . 6,r>54 Quicksilver.rlsks 116
Onions, slcs 9701 Leather, r0115.... 19
Bran, sks 85 Lime, bbls 120
Middlings, sks... 841 ! Alfalfa Seed, sks 196
Hay, tons I.OUO Paper, reams •• 2,000
PACIFIC COAST BONDS.
The assessment against the stock of the Mer
chants' National Bank of Seattle has been canceled
under a ruling of Judge Langley, in the Superior
Court, and the county officers are restrained from
attempting to collect - It. The case. It entitled
Charles 11. Baker, as receiver, against the County
of Kings. From th* complaint it appears that the
Assessor added together the amount of the capital
stock at its par value, the amount of the nominal
surplus and undivided profit, making $227,000 in
all, and then deducted from that amount real es
tate valued at $111,400, leaving a balance of
$115,600. Following out this system of fixing
valuations the Assessor finally assessed the bank
for $69,360, against which the bank has been
fighting. The Board of Equalization upheld the
Bsessment on appeal, ana the bank thereupon
appealed to the Superior Court and won Its case.
L. P. Mathewti, a citizen of Nebraska, lias begun
suit against Philip Tlllinghast, as receiver of the
Columbia National Bank, to restrain him from
beginning any suit against the stockholders of the
increased capital stock of the Columbia National
iiaiik; also to require him to expunge the credit of
the city of Tacoma to the amount f $1 12,000. An
injunction has been granted by Judge Gilbert,
which hoids good until to-day (the 15th lnsU), on
the repre«entatlon that the receiver was about to
declare a dividend, to the injury of the p.alntiff.
Lotice 5 the claim of the city of Tacoma, It is
alleged that it 1.1 not valid or legal as against the
banking association, which Is In no manner In
debted to the city, but that, on the contrary, the
city is Indebted to the. bank in the sum
of about $8000. . This claim involves the
history of ™, the defalcation of G. W. Bo S s?s.
fo £ ™erly Treasurer of the city of Tacoma,
who deposited in the bank unpaid warrants of said
city, supposedly, but which it was afterward dem
onstrated were worthies*, they 1 having actually
been paid. The bank shows a credit of $104,000
in ™ * of the city, which- if expunged -.would
leave a balance of $800 In favor of the bank. . The
it 10 . 0 " 1 2 t ' avln Bs Bank and Trust Company, the
n 2 savings Hank and the German-American
•run wye also ''''d suits of similar tenor against
riuinghast as receiver. City Attorney Judson Is
So P 1 2? lha: the Mathews suit will de. ermine
ritt i. l' y of the outstundlnjr warrants of the
city, which It is now proposed to refund. •"
man- - Hel . en (Mom..) Independent furnishes
™ir?t >? a . r . Ucul , concerning . the failure of the
not L.?f, tlonal Bank of. Helena, and says it was
not wholly unexpected. Heavy withdrawals by
large depositors on the day preceding the suspen
sk-n drained the bank of cash, and its paper failed
to go through the clearing-house. This was gen
erally kuown, but a rumor was circulated that
A. J. Davis of Butte, one of the large owners In the
bank, haC agreed to come to the rescue of the in
stitution with sufficient cash to tide it over its
difficulties. Wi.en it was decided to close, on
recommendation of K. D. Edgertou. two of
the heaviest s:ockholders, S. T. Hauser, the
president, and A. J. Davis, were not present. The
draf:s on the hank from the East have been par
ticularly heavy, and tate banks that kept their
balances at the First National had been drawing
on their accounts sharply, as have o;her depos
itors who carried large accounts. Mr. Edgerton
thought that niter September 1 there would be a
slight cessation, but the contrary was the fact.
>ir. Edgerton sa s that he was not apprehensive
of any aerlous difficulty until the afternoon of the
day preceding the actual closing of the institution,
because he was in negotiation for funds which he
thought he would secure, and the^e would have
been sufficient to carry the bank through.
Had the bank opened it would have been
for only a short time, and there would have
been a run, and those earliest would practically
have become preferred creditors. The Indepen
dent says, concerning the deposits in ihe bank,
that State Treasurer Wright had $1*8.604 91 in the
concern when it c osed, but he Is secured by an In
demnity bond from the bank to the amount of
$600,000, which is signed as follows: S. T- Hauser,
$1:25.000: E. D. Edgerton, $75,000: C. K. Cole,
$50,000; James a. Talbot of Butte, $50000:
A. J. Davis of iiutte, $50,000; Henry Kline,
$50,000; John P. j.urphy, $'.'5,0. 0; E. \\\ Beat
tie, $25,000; John C. Curtain. $25,000; A. J.
Seilgnuin, $25 000; George F. Cope, $25,000; J. B.
Sauford. $25,000. Una of the heuviest depositors
is the Northern Pacitlc Railway, which, when the
bank closed, had a balance of nearly ?10t),i-00 to
its credit. A large sum had been withdrawn by
this company but two days previously. The City
1 reanurer had $25,000 of the city's funds in the
bank, but he Is a. so secured by an indemnity
bond. There was no county money in the institu
tion. Mr. tdaerton says that with proper and
Judicious hand. lnt; of the assets the bank will not
only pay depositors in full, but will also pay a
dividend to stockholders.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Comstock values opened steady yesterday, but
declined somewhat in the afternoon, closing weak.
Additional reports from the Comstock are as fol
lows :
Ophir— ln this mine, on the 100 level, west
crosscut. 1 from the south drift, 70 leet north of
the south boundary, is in 586 feet, and its face has
entered the dlorlte or west country rock. There is
a slight seepage of water. In the old Central tun
nel workings of the Ophlr the north drift from the
west crosscut from the Mexican shaft, is in 14
feet. It is in ground of old workings assaying S3
to $4 per ton. The other prospecting work in this
locality continues without important change.
llAi.t 4 Nobcboss (Comstock wordings)— On
the 900 level the north drill was advanced 9
feet; total length 240 feet; face is in porphyry and
streaks of pay ore. Extracted one carload from a
bunch that lookeJ very promising, but did not
last. No. 1 upraise— Have been working south on
third floor and west on fourth fioor. The ore streak
looks promising an.l continues about the same as
in last report. 1100 foot level— Have been retim
berlng north drill. Cut a streak of quar z of low
ussay value. Extracted from the 900 level
during the week 11 cars of ore assaying, per mine
tar samples, $35 in gold and 70 ounces of silver
per ton.
Chollab (Comstock workings)— ln the north
stope on the 450 level above crosscut 2 are work-
Ing on the ninth and tenth floors and are out 40
feei south from the raise. At this point the fill
ings are of fair grade, with a 3-foot streak of pay
In place east of the old ledge. In the south stope
on this level are working north and south on the
Sixth fioor, tue north end of w hi h shows bunches
of !uir--,ralf ore: the south cud is low grada
Have extracted during; the week from all points
89 ions and 500 pounds of ore, which has been
shipp-d to the Nevada oilil. The average battery
Bample of this ore was $23 08 per ton.
Potosi (Coms'.ock lode)— The west crosscut
from the west drift from the top of the upraise
above the 460 level is out 138 feet, and the face i*
in porphyry and quartz of no value. In the north
drill the repairs and timbering are completed, and
have started to raise irum It 95 fi-et north of the
raise from the 440 level, and are up 108 feet. The
raise will connect with the tunnel level.
iini:>»wicK Lode— Cox. CAL. <fe. Va., Best A
Bklchkb AND Uocld d: C I KEY- 2 was
sun* IB feet on the incline; total depth . 381
feet: bottom In hard porphyry. 150 level— The
main south drift, started from c..ste ..st crosscu. 1, was
extended 11' feet; total length 165 feet; face in
porphyry and ■ ringer* of quartz. Gould & Curry
tunnel— The main tunnel has been extended 18
leet total length 9.16 feet; face In porphy, clay
and stringers of quartz. The east crosscut, started
in this tunnel 850 feet from Us mouth has been
ended 14 leei. passing through soft porphyry ;
total length 94 feet.
Savage— un the 300 level the joint esavage-Xor
cross north dn.t -having reached our soutu line,
the drift was taken by the Savage company, and
has been advanced 15 feet tnrough porphyry and
blrli s of clay.
Hale & Nobcboss— Shaft They are still
at work and expect to have It completed soon.
300 level— Advanced east crosscut 217 feet; tot»l
length, 89 feet: face Is in hard porphyry. Stoppled
work on this level and moved the men to sou:
drift on the 400 level on the Bth instant. 400
level— Started and advanced main south drift 32
feet. The face is n porphyry seamed with streaks
of quartz. .'■ ■
tuoLLAß— Shaft I— The station at the 400
level has been completed, having been opened ;sti
feet to the east of the stiaft. A joint Choilar-Uale
<fc Norcross south drift has been started from It on
the foot wall side, and has been extended 32 feet,
in face is In soft porphyry and stringers of low
grade quartz. SOJ level— south drift has been
driven and limbered for a distance of 31 feet; total
length, 267 feet.. The face is in hard porphyry.
200 level— Have completed the preliminary tim
bering in tue end of me south drift, and have
started the joint raise from that point, which Is up
10 feet. The top is in hard porphyry.
Occidental. «. ossohdateb- 600 level— Have
discontinued all work In the wards shaft. The
winze started In the north drift is down 109 feet;
advanced during the week 18 feet. Have milled
during the week 175 tons of ore of the average as
say value, as per battery samples, of *13 20 per
ton actual vain .
The official returns of the ore worked and bul
lion produced for account of the (..'hollar Mining
Company at the Nevada mill for August show
that 360 tons of ore were worked, yielding bullion
of the truss value of $363 75. The cost of reduc
tion was $2340; net proceeds in bullion, $4,123 75;
atsay value of the ore, $23 39 per ton; gross aver
age per tun, JlB5l, aud net average, $12 01 per
ton. The mill worked the ore up to 70 percent of
its assay value. .
Reports from the Union, Best and Belcher,
Sierra Nevada, Bullion and other mines contain
no news of importance.
The Bullion-Beck and Champion Mining Qpm
paoy of Tlnilc, Utah, has declared a double Sivi
dend, amounting to $30,000. payable September
20. This dividend will increase the amount paid
under the present m nagement to $2,140,000.
At a meeting of the stockholders of the Edison
Light and Power company yesterday it was voted
to reduce me capital of the corporation from
$3,000,000 to $800 000 preliminary to conso
ing wl.h the San l-'ra iclsco Gai Light Company.
lie Hutchinson ."-ugar Plantation Company will
pay the re.ular monthly dividend of 25 cents per
share on the 20th.
The Yellow Jacket has levied an assessment of
.6 ceuts.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the Baa Francisco
stock Board yesterday:
BROULAB MOKNINO HKSSION, COMMKNCIKO 9-.30.
200 B 8...1.05>00 G&C 57200 Ophlr 105
100 8u11i0n.. ..1a 400 sbt>oJ Potosl. 1 DO
200 Challnit...46 150 H&N... 1.65 200 Sava« " 63
11,0 cCitV...l.B.*: 200 Kentck....O6 200 « Ny ' "77
150 Conn-. .1.45 i.M Ophlr... 1.00 200 Unlon""*46
100 C Point... I • ""**
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 A1pha..... 15 300 CrwnPt.,29 500 Potoal .. 96
300 Andes.... 0 100 GAC 6SIIOO bay . " 61
2jO'J 81cher...61 200 Occidtl.. ..6e|lot) s Nev"""76
800 B M ..1.0U3L0 65. 100 Union"" 44
100 Caleda.. ..11 100 Ophir...l.o(JJ2oo .. "*43
350 Chllur.. .2.20 300 Potosl ... .95 20i> V JiickVtV.3l
350 2.25 I
Followinc were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BKOTTLAB (SESSION— IO:3a
200 Alpha.... It* 81)0 CCV.....1%60J Ophlr.. 105
300 A1ia. ...-.07 500 ..1.86 200 .... 1.02%
200 Ande5.. ..32 100 I.Bl> SOU Overman 1*
200 Blchr 53 100 Conn. 400 Potosi 1.00
60 100 1.40 200 ... .." .98
300.... 521500 C Imp 02400 .. I .97
BJO FA8... .1.06 500 03|ldO Save '"." 65
300 ...... 1.02% 300 C Polnt>..3o 400 ... ' 63
100 Bodie 65 100 Excbqr....O6 700 "" *61
400 i.u1110n....ia 6JO G<fcC 68 300 Scorpion..oB
500 :. It JOO .....64 400 bß<feM .10
200 8u1vver....48 750 H&JN...1.51 ! 4UOdNv. 77
200 .........:. 48 SOU ...... 1.62W200 . 76
200Caled...l'.'V2 50 1.603U0 ...1."."..;;'.75
300 Challge...4t JOO Justice. ...o7 500 Uni0n.. ...46
400.... ■!& JOO Kentuck.,o6 300 . 44
600 cliou... 2.25 400 Alex lid MJ Utah .. .09
100 2.22% 200 Occd 57 60u VJc.il 83
200 2.2v|200 .......65 300 ..........^32
. AiTKRSOON SESSION— 2 :30. '
200 Ainha 16 15J CCV....1 0ph1r... 1.00
200 A titles £0 -'00 1.82% ! '.500 0vrmn....14
200 8e1cner....62 250 Conli... 1.40301) Potoj!.. 95
200 B<£B. 1.02% 200 C P0int.. ..30400 . . 96
100 Bodle 64 100 Exchqr....Os 300 5av....,..61
SOD 8u11i0n.... 18 300 U & C... 63:400 SNv 76
100 Cha1ng....46 200 HdeN...1.60;200 ... .......76
600 ............46 -U0 Mxcn.....58 360 Union C...43
100 4 « 100 Mono 20 200 44
250 Ch01r2.22% tOO Occd.. 64 200 ...... .....45
200 2.26 1000 65 200 X JaCK«I..32
200 :.....-. .2.30 |
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Sept. 14-4 it
Hi(t.Aik«l. - Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 15 16 Jackson 25 50
Alta. 07. O8|Jnll»i. ... — 08
Andes. 30 31 Justice.! 05 06
Belcher ....... 52 53 ICentuck. 06 07
Best & Belcher LOO 1.05 l^dy Wash.... 02 04
Benton C0n.... — 15 Mexican 68 60
80die....;."....' 64 66 Mono .......... 20 21
Bullion 16 17, Nevada Queen. — 04
Bulwer. ....... 45 . 48 Occidental...... 65 56
Caledonia...... 10 12 ophlr 1.00 1.05
Chollar 2.26 2.30 Overman - 13 16
Con.Cal<&Va...l.Bo I.B&|r*otO9l 96 97
Challenge Con. 45 - 46 Savage. 62 63
Con. Imperial. 02 03 5c0rpi0n....... — ■ 09
Confidence...: 1.40 1.4 5 { beg. Belcher... 09 10
Con New .York — 06 Syndicate ..... — 02
Crown Point... 29 30 silver Hill 02 03
EastSlerraNev 03 15 Sierra Nevada. 76 77
Eureka Con... 25 — Union Con 44 . 40
h)xcheauer . '04 05 Utah 08 10
ou la &. curry. 54 56 Yellow Jacket. 31 S3
Mule &N. of era. Lao 1.65
COLL* MINIJNti UCU.I.Vi:
__. Champion Providence
Bid 18 00 Asked 80 00
A sked 250 C 100 Savannah 48
Edna.. Sebasvopol......
A5ked.......... ...„• 35 Asked SO
„... "rant, •— Thorpe
Eld 10 Bid ... » 60
Asked 25 Asked - 85
Keystone........ 100 Bodie ... 62
Bid 65001 50 Con Virginia... 190
Kennedy 100 Hale & Norcrs. 155
Asked SOOBldODhlr 100
Asked Princess 70
LOCAL SKCL'RITIES.
Bid Spring Valley Water ■...„ 9600
Bid San Francisco Gas 90 50
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Sept. 14-2 p. K.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Bid. AtkeiLl Bid. Asked.
08 48 coup.. 105% — US4sre»... — 107%
Do new issuells — \
VISCKLLANKOTTq tinvni •
Ca!-stColes». 108 110% Roll MS* _ _
Cal ElecL6sllB — Do2dls6v.. — _
CntraCWS* — 94 P*ORy6». — Jl5
Dpnt-stex-cD 86 97% P&Ch Ry 6s. — 107%
EdsnL<ftP6sllB — Pwl-st RRBs. — —
F*CHRR6s. - 103 Reno, Wl4li - 105
Geary-stRSs. — 107y 2 Kacto P& L. — 102%
LosAni?L6s. — 100 ISF&NPRSs. 97V* 98V4
DoGateed6i 95 100 SPRRAriz6s 93 97
Mkt-stCbleasllBV4l2o !w>RßCaltfe. — 110y a
DoKyConss_lol% — Isl'RKCalSs. — ; - :
NatVln6slst 90 — SPBrRCaIBs. — 99
NevCNgß7s. 84 — SVWater6s.. 1161/4 —
NPCRR64.IOO - B V Water**,. 97Vi, —
NRyCal6s. — 100y 3 StktnG&E6l — 102%
NRyCalss. — 100 6unsiT«fcT6s. — —
Oak Gas 55.. 102 — Sutter-sißsa. 107%109
Uo2d is 65..102%105 VlBallaWC4» — —
Ouiuibiu 0a.117 —
M ATKK btociw. - .*r •
Contra Costa 50 40 iSanJose — —
MarlnCo.... 50 63 |SpmgVaU»y 96% 97
CAS STOCKS.
Capital...... 17% 30 Pacific Lleht — ' 4P14
Central.. ... 95 — ' ISauFrancaco 90Vi 80%
OakGL<&U 51% 62% Stockton..... - XI)
PacUasUnp. 82% 83%
INSURANCE BTOCKS.
Fireman's 150 — /Son 26 80
COUKEBCIAL BANK STOCKS.
■Amerß*TC. — — LondonPAA.l23% —
Anglo-Ca1.... - 58 London&SF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 225 235 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal B D<tTColo7%Ho Nevada — —
FlrstSiaaoni. — 180 Sather BCO. -" —
f (VINOS BANK BTOCKS.
OerS.fcLCo.l2oo 1260 Sav&Loan.. _ 100
HumbS.tL.lloo 1450 Security — 276
Mutual. — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
bisavL'iUon — 480
STBKKT R«lI.R(Hll«Tn-"CV
California.... 105%106 i Oak SLA Hay — 100
Geary-st. — SO Presidio 6% —
Market-as *2% Sutter-st — —
10WUCH STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — iGlantCoo.... ltf'A 18%
Eastern D... 70 — Judson D.. — — —
California,... 60 — iVigorit. — 90c
ICISCKLLANEOCS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 94 96 NatVlnCo.. _ _
BlkDCoalCo. ■— ■ 10 Oceanic — 80
Cal Cot Mills - - Pac Aux A 1 —
Edison Li2htlls^3llt>i4 FacßortxCo. 98 100
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
GerLeadCo. SO 100 Part PalntCo 6% 7%
HawC&SCa. 13% 14 PacTr»usCo. — 24
nutchSPCo 193/ 8 19% Pac T&T Co. 70 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 ■'■—;'
II Eiec Light — 4% United Co. — 25
BJLL.Ua — UOKSLSj »U){Ji.
Board—
15 Hawaiian Commercial.... \... 14 00
60 Hutchinson 8 P Co. 19 50
10 S V Water 96 76
Street—
10 Edison Light <S Power Co 116 00
60 Hutchinson s P Co. 19 50
$15,000 8V 6% Bonds 116 26 •
SALIB-AfTKSSOOX SES3IOX.
Fonrd —
45 Edison Light * Power Co. 116 00
$1000 Northern R'y of Cal 6% Bonds ... 99 75
6 Pac Gas Imp 83 50
20 & P Gusiium. .*.... j.;.* 90 50
40 SV Water 96 75
Street—
40 Edison Light & Power Co. 116 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 83 00
— • — ♦ — •
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
Columbia. j Portland iSeptl 6,10 am Pier Tk
Farallon |Yaquina Bay. Sept 16, Dam Pier 1
Eureka Newport j Sept 16. 9au Pier 11
City Puebla! Vie* Snd 1 Sept 16, 9am Pier 9
Truckee .... coos Bay Sep'.l6, 2pm ler 8
Alameda.... Sydney Septl7, 2pm Pier 7
Empire Ureeon ports. . |Septlß, 6pm Pier li
P0m0na..... Humboldtßay hsep:lß, vr»i Pier
bunol Grays Harbor. SeptlM.l2 m ! Pier 1
Newport.... Panama Sep:lß.l2 m P MSS
banta Kosa. San X)lei?o j^ept 18.1 lAM Pier i I
Araga Coos Bay !^eptlH.loA»i Her 13
State btCaL Portland !»ept'2o.lUAii Pier 2 1
Weeott \f.ei Kiver cept'-iO. 8a Pier IS
Coosßay.... Newport dept2tt Cam | Pier II
WallaWaila Vie & Pgt Sna .Sept 2l. 9am Pier 9
Arcata Oregon ports .. Sepf-'I.IOAM ; Pie' 24
City Peking China Japan septui, 3pm P M 8 8
Corona ■. san Dieso . Sept22.llAt4 ( Picrll
Australia... Honolulu B<>ptt!2,loAK i Pier 7
A. Blanchrd Oregon ports.. Sep - 22. Spm Pier 13
STEAMERS TO A RRIVE.
Stkahkr
!
From
Dub
Snnoi Grays H arbor Sept, 15
Truckee Coos Bay Sent 15
Empire, Portland >ept 1 6
Willamette Departure Bay ..Sept 16
Santa Rosa San Diezo _ Sept 16
North For* 1 ( um bold t, Bay Sept 16
Australia Honolulu Sept 16
San Benito Tacoma Sepi 16
Alcatraz Coos Bay Sept IB
Araso Coos Bay Sept 17
Pomona Uum bold t Bay. Sept 17
State of Cal Portland Sept 17
Walla Walla. .. Victoria <8 Puget Sound ..Sept 17
Orizaba Mexico Sept 17
Coos Bay Newport sept 18
City Sydney Panama Sept 18
Weeott Eel River Sepi lß
Arcata Portland Sept 18
Peter Jebsen... Nanaimo Sept2o
Ailceßlancbard Oregon ports Sept -JO
Corona. s^an Diego. Sept 20
Crescent City. .. CrescentClty Sept 21
Farallon Yaquina Bay Sept 22
Eureka Newport. Sept, 22
I'matHla. Victoria <fe Puget Sound ..Sept 22
Columbia Portland sept 2-
Dorlc China and Japan Sent 22
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. a Coast and Geodetic Survey Tidk")
BDILRTIS PnBUIHKD BY OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OK THE SUPKRINTE-N DE VT. )
Tuesday. September 15.
Sun rises 5.53] Moon rises
Sun sets 6.17|M00n sets o.ooam
September— lB96. „
I Tlmc Feet Tlme Feet Tlme Feet Tlme I
r L \V H W L W H \V
15 a --'8 0.0 1 B.Us 4.4 J'2.i>7 STB 6.07
16 1.36 0.0 9.0:2 4.7 1.38 3.6 7.24
17 8.82 0.0 9.44 6.1 V.49 3.4 8.30
18 3.20 0.1 10.19 5.3 3.42 2.8 9.H8
19 4.00 0.3 10.48 5.5 4.'.'5 2.4 10.24
20 4.:<4 0.0 11.15 5.5 5.05 1.9 11. IV
21 5.16 1.0 11.40 5.5 6.44 1.6 11.55
Few
~6TF
5.6
5.7
5.7
5.6
5.4
5.2
Fett
Note— ln the atx>ve exposition of the tides the
' tarly morning tides are given in the left hand
, column, aud the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
| column gives the second tide of the day, the third
; time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column the last tide of the day, except
wben there are but three tides, as sometimes
' Kcur.s. The heights Riven are additions to the
; soundings on the United States Coast Survey
i charts, except when a niinns sign (— ) precedes the
! height, and then ihe number given Is subtractlr*
from the depth given by thechart»-
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydroohafhic Offick, tj. & N., ■)
Mkrchants' Exchange >■
San Fbancisco, Seutember 14, 1896- )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was droppel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. it., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechteler.
Lieutenan: U. S. N. In charge. .
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, September 14.
Stmr Ttllamook, Hansen, 36 hours from Huen
eme: produce, to H Dutard.
Stmr Crescent City. Allen, 36 hours from Cres
j cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall & Co.
i Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 73 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perklnj
&Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bodega;
— bxs butter, to Ross <& Hewlett.
Cleared.
MONDAY, September 14.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego; GoodaU. Perkins
&Co.
stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodan, Perkiui
& Co.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Nay Co.
Brshlp Achnashle. Pasifuli, Hull; Epplnger <fc
Br bark Raven^court, McLean, Queenstowa ;
Glrvin, Baldwin <t Eyre.
Sailed.
MONDAY. September 14.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diejro and wav ports.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Schr KewarK. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Charters.
The ship Yosemlte loads coal on the Sound for
this port.
The Nor stmr Lyderhorn was chartered prior to
arr val for wheat to Europe, 26s 3d.
The Br shin John Cooke Is rechartered for wheat
to Europe, 28s 9a.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sect. 14-10 p. m.— Weather
hazy: wind W ; velocity 8 miles.
Domestic Ports.
TACOMA-Salled Sept 10 — Baric Highland
LiKht, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Su
nol. hence Sepi 4.
Sailed sept 12 — <chr Nornia, for Coos Bay.
BOWENS LANDING-Salled Sept 14-schr Co
rinthian, for San Francisco.
TATOO3H— Pasied Sipt 13— Stmr Umatlila, v
>cpt 11 for Victoria.
STKWaRTS POINT— Arrvel Sept 14— Schr
Archie and Fontie, hence Sept 11.
ASTORlA— Arrived sep 11-stmr Alice Blanci*.
ard, hence Sep: 7 via Eureka.
COOS BAY— --ailed >ep; 14— Br ship Harland
REDONDO— Arrived Sept 13— .->chr Fanole Dv
tard, from Seattle.
Sailed Sept 14 -Srnar WestporU
SEATTLF:-.\rrive3 Sept, 14-Schr Sophia Stuh
eriand. from Cooks lulet.
USAL— Sailed Scot 14— Strar Protection, for Saa
Francisco.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 12-Ship W F Bab
cock, for San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Aug 26-Br shin
Muncaster Castle, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sep: 5— Br stmr Beleic
hence A 8. 12— s-mr Peru, hence Ant; 17 '
ACAPULCO— -ailed Sept 11— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for san Francisco."
Importa' ions.
HUENEME- Per Tillamook— ss69 sks barley
191 sks beans. 40 ca honey, 68 sis bones, 1 r ,hl
copper and brass. 1 bx rags. 9 pkecs miss.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent Citv-27 kern
28 bbls 114 bxs butter, 5 pkgs mdse., J7 bis m e «y
2 cs seed w
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 2o3 sks coin it,.
olives. s
San Pedro— 4o pices mdse.
Los Angeles via San Pedro— 6o kegs nails.
Hueneme— 3 pkgs mdse.
Ventura— los bxs lemons, 42 bxs oranges, 2 bx«
olives, 7 pkg* mdse, 5 bxidruss.
Carpinteria.— s% sks walnuts.
Santa Barbara- 146 sks beans. 20 bxs lemons. 8
pkgs mdse, 28 bxs lemons. * 3
S^ vl0 a 4l sis crawfish, 7 Ddls hides, 1 sic hair
X DO I p©i tS*
Port Harford— 3s hxs fish.
S8^ c &g S^i^wSl' 15 " barley - * bd?pef "
Cayucos— J4st> sks barley, 12 bbls 1 bx butter 2
coops chickens, 13 dressed calves, 1 pkc mdse,
San Simeon— 2 tubs 2 firkins 11% bxs butter 4
Cs eggs, 2 coons chickens, 8 dressed calves. 46 bx!
?175%k,barley. P 5 pk S s mdse - "1 ■>» *<*£.
Consignees.
Per Tlilamook-H Dutard; Ch as Harley & Co-
Erlanger & Galinger; J P Thomas * ney * Co -
Per Crescent City-Dodge. Sweeney & Co: Park
& Lacy: Hllmer. Bredhoff * Senate: F BHaiirhr-
O B Smith * Co; Wltzel & Baker; Bi'sslneer & Co'-
CE Whitney & Co: Tlllmann & Be"def?
Bros: Enterprise Brewery: standard Oil Co: Farns
worth & Rug«les; E J Bowen & Co- H H Ho^D.-
Chicago Brewery: L. Altschui. an,
Per Newmark & Edwards: Adelsdorf
* Brandenneln: Wieland Brewing Co- EnternVisa
Brewery; Wood. Curtis * Co; j Ivancovich & Co-
I, Scatena*Co;Goodall. Perkins & Co; A Paladml-'
Redington & Co; Dalton Bros: Baker & Hamilton
-5 H Frank & Co; American Union Fish Co- Pacific
Coast Fish Co: A Levy <fe Co; Mllani 4 Co: Pavot
Upham & Co: Sacramento Fish Co: Wilson Bros
*Co: Erlanger * Oalinger: Wheaton, Brton*Co-
Russ, Sanders & Co; H Klrchmann * Co; Stewart
&Co: Kowalsky Co; Jonas Krlanger; F Url &
Co; Christy & Wise; Wheaton. Breon &Co: Mark
Levy * Co: F Hillens * Co:' H N Tilden&Co; C J
Hinds; De Bernard! * Co; Sinsheimerßros; John
Corey; Western Meat Co; Geo'W McNear; Sherry,
A villa * Co: W C Price & Co;. H Dutard ; Water
house, Lester &Co; Chas Montgomery Co; JJ
Duffy Co; Hllmer, BredhorT & Schulz ; Marshall
* Co ; W A Rouse * Co.
for Late Shippinir Intelligence See Thirteenth Pagti,
WMTED-Overdue Accounts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY COUNTRY — FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
130 Sansome St. (Tel. Red 411).
N. B.— No charge unless successful. List of 8. F.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post free.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Afi.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, aa<saaa9C
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Jnneau. Kll-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m.. Sept. 11, 26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W atcom (Bellinzham Bay, Wash.), 9a. m.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For ICnreka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2, 6. 10, 14,
18. 22, 16, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Sept. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Dieco. stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), .-anta Barbara, Fort Los An-
relt-s, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m. Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For hnsp'iada. Han Jose del Cabo. Mazallaa, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market si.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN 33
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. k.
FA X) f»l 3 First-class \ Including
-C J\JVX!i\S6 Second-class /berth <fc meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Colombia Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 15
State of California Sept. 20, 30, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO., Superintendent*
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, ft-. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, |] by
AUSTRALIA. VS.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at 2 p. x. .
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. at 10 a.m. Special party rates, "
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st- San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLASTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
nOMPANY'SPIBR (!TEW),42 NORTH AfSk-.
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -iS&SQZ
this line avoid both transit by English railway a ail
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria. Egypt; Via Part*
first-class $160: second-class, $11&
LA TOURAINE fept. 19, 7 a. X.
LAGASCOUNE Sept. 26, 3 A. K.
LA BRETAGNE Oct. 3,7 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 10, 3 a. K.
LA TOUR VI Oct. 17, 6 A. it.
IS' For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent, .
No. 8, Bowling Green, New York.
j. P. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL HAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ,
STEAMERS LEAVE A SPIN WALL yghrjlfc..
fortnightly for the West Indies and «SSS&
Southampton, calling en route . at > C«rbourgh»
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with tha
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat*
Ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents.
SflC California
WHITE STAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers .
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING EVKKV WKKK.
ABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -«-rj»
\J ing to steamer anil accommodations fcsSS3I
selected; second cabin, s-'- m) andS4. 0: Majr-siic
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickers from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates.' Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street.
under Grand Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER,
General Agent for Pacific Ooait.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St«
At « P. M .Daily. It reign- received up
to .:3t» P. j>l. "^
SOT Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Ihe only line Hunting through rates on Valley
Read freight.
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Uarratt, ' City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Kav. and luiut. Ca
U.S. SAYYYARD. MARE ISL.IHD, YALLEJO.
•Beniria, *P»rt Costa, *tr«ckett and *Yaloiu.
STR. MONTICKLLO,
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. v. (Saturdays »*10:30
A.M.), 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 P. M. only. office*
and landing. Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Blacie
" 6 }\ HATCH BROS.
• 4 and 8 P. it. trips only.
»* Excursion trip. Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard,
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS& SAM CRUZ
OTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIEP. 1 DAILT
£J at 10 a. it. (Sundays excepted); Alviso dally at
7p. m. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger, tare between San Francisco and Alviso,
I.V, ?>, San Jose, 75& Clay at, J?ier L2O W,
bam a Ciajra Jose.Interesting News Items From Alameda County*
TO DEFEND TWO
WOMEN'S HONOR
Capitalist Twcmbly's Case
Recalls Pioneer
Days.
DECLARES IT IS A PLOT.
Many Colored People Are Pre
pared to Testify Against
Him.
THE STORY TOLD IN COTJBT.
Mrs. Powell's Right to a Share of
the Estate Denied— A Decision in
a Few Days.
Oakland Office Sa* Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 14. t
Many fashionable representatives of the
white and colored race* were in Judge
Ogden's courtroom to-day to hear the
Some of the Leading People in the Sensational Case of Charles H. Twombly, Who Declares That
He Has Been Persecuted for Seventeen Years.
case of Charlts H. Twombly, the
capitalist, who was for many years the
cashier of the First National Bank of tliia
city. Judge Spencer of San Jose and W.
R. Davis appeared for the capitalist
The arguments in the case showed a
most remarkable collection of circum
stances, and, like many others that are
ventilated in the Alameda County courts,
read more like chapters from novels than
from actual history.
Charles H. Twombly was served a few
weeks ago with a petition which had been
filed in the Superior Court asking mat the
probate of will upon the estate of his first
wife, who died in 1879, be set aside, and
also the letters of administration. The
petitioner is Mrs. Josppbine M. Powell,
who claims she is a niece and heir-at-law,
and that she was never served with a legal
notice of the proceedings of 1879, and that
consequently the court never obtained
jurisdiction over her.
In her petition Mrs. Powell states that
the first Mrs. Twombly was a slave and
that she was living on Spofford alley in
early times, when Twombly married her.
C. H. Twombiy married the lady in
•whom there was some colored blood in
1862. Some years later she died, and the
capitalist married a sister of Dr. Barchard
of Oakland. In 1879 he applied for letters
of administration upon bis deceased wife's
estate, but neglected 10 have the matter
carried through, as he was advised that as
it was community property and that as
his wife had left him her share of the
property in her will, letters of administra
tion were unnecessary so long as the will
was admitted to probate, which it was.
Mr. Twombly defends the character of
his first wife ana denies that she was a
resident of Spofford alley, and says she
was a very worthy and good woman, given
to charitable acts.
At this afternoon's session of court the
case was submitted on briefs.
"I have been pursued ana hounded by a
gang of persons for seventeen years,"
said Mr. Twombly. "Only the other day
a leader in the gang came to me and de
manded money as the price of silence. I
told the oarty they could paint me black,
white and yellow, but so lone as there was
a" spark ot manhood left in me I would
never yield a dollar to a blackmailer. It
is true that I married a woman with some
dark blood in her veins many years ago.
I was told by Mr. Tallant, the banker, tbat
I took no chances in marrying the woman,
that he had known her for twenty years
and that she was a good woman. I respect
the memory of my rim wife. My enemies
say she was a slave. O:i that point I do not
know the fact.
"Since her death a gang of women and
men have been persecuting me for money,
and making threats that if I didnot yield
up my cash they would blacken my char
acter. It was unfortunate that I di,i not
complete the probating of my first wife's
will during these seventeen years, as they
now make insinuations that 1 robbed the
estate. This whole thing is a gigantic con
spiracy, and I propose to tight it.
"Only a few days ago my wife was coming
from the lawyer's office, when a big colored
man shook his fist in her face and threat
ened her if she testified against them. /*
• "I am fighting th» m now and will spend
all I have, if necessary, to show the whole
thing up, 1 have the honor of a dead
woman to protect and of a wife to pre
-B©rv© "
. Several years ago Mr. Twombiy had a
serious trouble to encounter. He was pur
sued by Maria Richardson, a widow, who
declared that Twombly was the father of
her child. The capitalist would not listen
to her, so ahe sued for $10,000 damages for
breach of promise. Attorney Delmas
secured a nonsuit for Twombly and since
then the capitalist had led a retired life.
Several colored men and women accom
panied Mrs. Josephine Powell to court
and all were interested spectators. Twom
bly denies that Mrs. Powell is a niece of
his first wife.
COUNTY TAX RATE.
Slightly Higher Than Last Tear, But
the State Rate Reduces the
Total.
The Board of Supervisors will meet
Monday next at 9 a. m. to fix the tax levy
for county purposes. Tfiis afternoon they
devoted to a general discussion of the
matter and agreed that the rate will be 54.1
cents inside of incorporated cities, and
with 33 cents added for road purposes. 87.1
cents on the outside. This, with the State
tax of 42.9 cents for State purposes, makes
a 97 cent rate in incorporated towns and
cities and $1 30 outside.
The rate last year was $1 18 inside and
$1 53 outside, with the State at 68.5 cents.
The rate this year is therefore a flight in
crease, owing to the fact that $30,t)00 had
to be raised for a new bridge over the
estuary in anticipation of the removal of
the present ones by order of the War De
partment, and about $30,000 for election
expenses, tnese both coming from the
general fund. Compared with last year's
rate the apportionment of the levy is as
follows:
1895. 1896.
General fund 275 .80
County Infirmary 04 .071
School 18 .17
Road 85 .33
Sta.e 685 .429
Total* $1.53 $1.30
Marten's Suits
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 14.— The death
of Henry Maletou, the S.tn Pablo avenue
saloon-keeper, recalls the claim of Dr.
Arthur Marten for compensation for pro
loiiKin.- his nfe bo that he mizht make a
will that would favcr his widow. The
case was thrown out of court and Marten
was given a warm scoring by the Judge.
He is now in San Francisco prison lor
threatening a young woman's life.
SWORE WITH HIS HAT ON
Judge Frick Humors an 0:d Man
Who Has Many Matrimo
nial Troub'es.
Solcmon B:iimgarten Must Pay Ali
mony to His Young Wife and
Bib; or Go to Jail
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 14. j
Solomon Baumgarten appeared before
Judge Frick this morning on a citation
issued by Attorney ftlitchell to show cause
why alimony should not be paid on insti-
tuted divorce proceedings to defendant's
wife and child, who have, as shown by the
affidavits of Dr. Medros, Mr. Reimers,
Mrs. Prescott and others, been and are in
a starving and destitute condition. De
fendant was imprisoned some time ago
aud fined $100 in default, but after two
days he tired of jail and paid up. ."•-■;•;.
Since then he has contributed nothing
whatsoever toward his wife and child.
Solomon learning that his wife intended
taking divorce proceedings against him
deeded all his property to his son Figl, by
a former marriage, and it is claimed that
he did so in order to defeat bis wife's
claim under a marriage agreement fora
substantial part of the old wan* estate,
which is estimated at $10,000 at least. Pro
ceedings are pending in Judge Ellsworth's
court to set aside the conveyance to de
fendant's son on the ground of fraud.
When Solomon appeared before Judge
Frick to-day he bore the appearance of a
severely wounded fighter. A large red
handkerchief was bound over his head to
hide the mark of i.is recent battle with his
arch enemy and father-in-law, Isaac Pan
tosk-y.
Wnen Baumgarten took the oath there
was a lively scene in court. The aged
husband of a very young wife took the
stand and was about to be sworn with his
hat off.
This did not please him, and placing his
hat on his nead he walked up to Judge
Frick and said that he preferred to be
sworn according to Hebrew fashion.
Judge Frick humored the ancient junk
dealer and Baumtrarten took the oath
with his hat on. lie admitted receiving
the rents of the premises, although the
property had been deeded to his son.
: When his Honor promptly ordered that
$20 per mouth should be paid to plaintiff
Solomon declared he had no money and
would not pay.
There Is one good trait about old Baum
erarten. Although money is dear, liberty <
is dearer. He defiantly refused to pay a
line of $100 in the Police Court and went
to serve one day for every $2. When he
had served $4 worth he weakened, paid
over $90 and came out.' It will probably
be the same in this case.
IMggest on Record.'.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept 14.— The sale for
"Madame Sans Gene" that opened to-day
at the Macdonough, is the largest that has
ever been known at that threaten Nearly
the whole of the house has been sol a for
the first night and the other two nights
will also be well patronized.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896,
MINERS SEARCH
FOR AN OLD CAMP
Declare if Found It Will
Then Be Easy to Locate
the Ledge.
WORKING VERT QUIETLY
City Electrician Carleton Asked
to Aid the Prospectors With
His Recollections.
NEAE THE WILLIAMS EANCH.
Thirty Years Ago There Was a Boom
ing Mining Camp on the Place
They Now S^ek.
Oakland Officb San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 14. \
For several weeks two men have been
traveling over the hills back of Ban Pablo
trying to locate a gulch that was dug out
by gold-miners a generation ago.
The men, who are both well along in
years, went to George Carleton a few days
ago and asked for his help in locating the
scene of former activity. Carleton is city
electrician and is the best informed man
on the events of this county that can be
found within its borders.
Thirty years and more ago, when tbe
hills in the north of this county were
staked out in regular claims, sold was
found in small quantities in every direc
tion. Miners came from all directions and
a healthy camp grew like a mushroom on
the hillsides.
All efforts were concentrated in trying
to locate the ledge that it was thought
must exist and be responsible for the
many little finds that were daily reported.
The mother lode could not be found and
the camp disappeared even faster than it
had grown. Nothing more has been done
and for a generation the idea of getting
the precious metal in paying quantities
has been abandoned.
Xsow it is claimed that if the old lines of
the camp can be located the two men who
have been at work for weeks can find the
ledge, and they expect that it will prove a
rich one.
"When they called on me," aald Mr.
Carleton to-day, "they told me of their
hopes. They were young men when they
first worked on the hill so long ago, but
they have had a lot of experience since
then, and assured me that they can find
the ledge in a short time. The" old camp
was somewhere near the Williams ranch
and can be recoenized because the miners
cut a great gulch into the hill in search
for the lode.
••My visitors did not tell me any of the
details upon which their hopes were based,
and did not even give me their names.
Tney were earnest fellows and, although I
cannot give them much encouragement,
they certainly believa in their own ability
to strike it rich. It will astonish most
people to hear that there was once a gold
fever in Oakland, but while it lasted it
was quite exciting. I went out there and
did some digging, but got nothing but ex
perience."
Several old miners have prospected on
the northern hills, and all have argued
that there is a led.-c hidden away in them.
WORKERS' CONFERENCE
Discussion or Revival Work in the
Churches by Many Baptist
Ministers.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 14.— The con
ference at the Tenth-avenue Baptist
Church to-day on revival work, under the
auspices of the Baptist Ministers' Union
of San Francisco and vicinity, was well
attended by ministers and lay workers,
and much interest is shown in the work
in hand. The meetings will continue to
morrow afternoon and evening, to which
services the public and all Christian
workers are cordially invited.
Among the ministers in attendance are:
Oakland— Rev. C. H. Hobart, First; Rev C
If. Hill, Tenth-avenue; Rev. Robert Whit
taker, Twenty-thirtl-avenue; Rev. J. L. Allen,
Beth-£d(rn; Rev. N. Tyshen, Danish-Norwe
gian; Rev. A. Sjolander, Swedish; Rev. G. S.
Abbott, V.D., retired; Rev. P. i\ Ward, Bun-
I day-school missionary; Rev. James Bunder
land, D.D., district secretary American Bap
n.si Missionary Union; Rev. S. B. Morse, D.D..
and Rev. Frank L. Sullivan, field editor Pacific
Baptist.
San Francisco— Rev. H. L. Dletz.
Santa Cruz— Rev. F. S. Lawrence.
Santa Clara— Rev. C. Spurgeon, Medhurst.
Sacramento— Rev. A. B. Banks, First; Rev. A.
J. Sturdevant, Emauucl.
Xapa-Rev. T. B. Hughes.
lioiden Gate— Rev. S. C. Ketchum.
Wa-hingtnn— Rev. J. C. Baker, Rev. W. F.
Flecuor and Rev. J. E. Landers.
China— Rev. George E. Warner.
Two Old Miners Prospecting in the Berkeley Hills for the Gold Ledge
for Which Search "Was Given Up a Generation Ago*
FOOTBALL MEN TURN OUT
Large Number of Players Prac
tice on the Berkeley
Campus.
Annual Gathering of the Woman
Suffragists' Society of the
University Town.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 14.—Thirty
three football men turned oat this after
noon for three-quarters of an hour's prac
tice on the field. This was the largest
number that have come uown from tne
"gym" for practice together at any one
time this season. Most of the aspirants
for honors on the gridiron were new men.
That is, they have never before played
under the blue and gold, but some of tnem
evidently have had considerable previous
experience with the pig-kin.
The players were divided into three
squads — one under Bender, another under
Hopper, and the third and largest squad
under Captain Ransome. The first two
squads spent the entire practice period in
running after and (ailing on the ball,
while Kansome's squad practiced catching
the great fullback a kicks. The ground
was in poor condition for practice, not
having been wet down sufficiently long.
Mii Iholes were in abundance. Half the
univeisity turned out to witness the first
big practice oi the season and to size up
the new material.
MifTrujjixts' Annual Sleeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 14.— The an
nual meeting of the Citizens' Suffrage So
ciety oj Berkeley was held this afternoon,
at which the work of the year was re
viewed and officers for the coming season
elected. On account of suffrage work in
Berkeley being at its height, it was
thought advisable to re-elect the old offi
cers for another terra. In the annual re
port it was shown that the town of Berke
ley has been divided into thirteen pre
cincts and that a thorough canvass of each
precinct is to be made between now and
election time. In nine of these precincts
chairmen have been chosen who wiil oall
regular weekly meetings for the discuss. on
of the cause, besides soliciting every voter
of the precinct for bis support in the at
tempt to pass the proposed eleventh
amendment. Nine of the thirteen chair
men have been named and are carrying on
the outlined work. Mrs. Mary Smitn is
in charge of the First Piecinct. Mrs. Flint
of the Second, Mis. Elinor Carlisle of the
Third, Mrs. JuJpe Goodcell of the Fourth,
Mrs. S. A. Harris of ttie Sixth, Mrs. Wil
liam Keith of the Eleventh and Seventh
and Airs. George W. Haieht of the Tenth.
Four precincts remain without chairmen.
An attempt is being made to establish
branch cluba io West Berkeley and at
Lorin.
Dr. Payne 1 * Res I groat ion.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 14.— Rev. E. B.
Payne has written a letter to the trustees
of the First Unitarian Church regarding
his resignation. The letter states that the
resignation is due to the fact that he ex
pects opportunities for work to which he
desires to turn his attention, and that the
resignation "is not due to any dissatisfac
tion with tLe Unitarian Society."
Alumni flection.
BERKELEY. Cal., Sept. 14.— Professor
Hen^stlei, secretary of tne Alumni Asso
ciation of the University of California, has
issued a call for a meeting to be held next
Saturday evenine at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art, in San Francisco, for the
election of officers. The association has
over 1000 members. Much interest is cen
tered in tne choice of a president.
Fresbmen Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 14.— The fresh
men of the State University will elect a
president by ballot to-morrow. The can
dates are Saver of Berkeley and Nichols
of Santa Ana.
Brief Newi Items.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 14.— Yesterday was
the firsi anniversary of the Rev. George E.
mvw's taking charge of St. Mark's Church. At
the morning service the rector delivered an
uddress, in which he reviewed the past year,
which has been a highly prosperous one for
the ucrish.
The University Banjo Club has considerably
enlarged its membership, and met to-night
fir rehearsal. The new regular members are:
Birdsell '00 and Phelpa '00, banjo-players;
Ely '99 and Blancnard '00, guitar. The fol
lowing have been e.ected substitute members:
(i ui in r— Thomas '08, Wldemeyer '98, Bekling
'00, Hoag '97; banjo— Burr '99, Louderbaek
•90, Hamilton '97.
Professor Bashford, dean of Columbia Uni
versity, will address the U. C. Science Associa
tion on Wednesday evening in South Hall on
"The Seaside Laboratories of iiurope."
A reception to members oi the faculty of the
university tnd their wives will be tendered on
Wednesday evening by President Kellogg.
Tne co-eds of the junior class will give a re
ception to the "freshie co-eds" on Wednesday
at 12:30 o'clock in Ben Weed's natural amphi
theater.
« — . » — »
SOME NEW METHODS.
Councilman Kaufman, Recently Ap
pointed, Telia How the Police De
partment Should Be Conducted.
OAKLAND. Sept. 14. — Councilman
George C. Kaufman, who was recently
appointed to that offico by the Mayor, has
been making some suggestions as to how
the Police Department could be run with
the present force and yet have five more
men for patrol duty. In speaking of the
subject he said:
"My idea i> to have an inclosed patrol
wagon, so that no one would be needed
besides the driver. Now there is a day
and a night man to accompany the patrol
to care for prisoners, when if covered they
could bo locked in. This is done in East
ern cities and works well.
"There are thirteen men about the City
Hall— the Chief, two captains, three detec
tives, a sergeant, a bailiff, a subpena officer
and four officers. The Cnief could as wail
do the work of one captain in the daytime,
and the night captain could do his work
and that of the sergeant. In this way a
captain, a sergeant ana a detective could
wear a uniform and with the two from
the patrol wai'on make 67c men available
for patrol duty, and save the city $600 a
year."
IRISH ON THE STUMP.
Will Take the Field at Once for the
Indianapolis Ticket In the .East.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sent. 14.— Colonel
John P. Irish has returned from the
Indianapolis National Democratic Con
vention quite enthusiastic. He declares
that the Palmer and Buckner ticket seals
the doom 1 f Bryan, and says the Democ
racy in Indianapolis is badly broken up
and disorganized. He spoke in lowa
City, where he formerly resided, and de
clares that the State will go against Bryan
by 60,000 votes.
Colonel Irish, Bonrke Cockranand John
R. Fellows have agreed to take the stump
lor the National Democratic ticket and
remain in the field until tbe close of the
campaign. Imh will leave within ten days
and go to Kentucky, from where he ex
pects to go to Indiana, Ohio and North
Carolina.
CARPENTER IS GUARDIAN
The Court Provides for the Minor
Children o: Mr. and Mrs.
Watson.
The Companion of Miss Undine Tonng
Seriously Hurt While Rid
ing a Bicycle.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 14.— Dr. T. Car
penter was to-day appointed guardian of
the son and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. N.
S. Watson of 1011 Morton street, by Judge
Ogden, who directed their immediate re
moval from the custody of their mother.
Mr. Watson is tde secretary of the Cali
fornia .Powder Works of San Francisco,
and sued his wife, a daughter of Rev. T.
H. Strong, a Congregational minister, for
a divorce last June on the ground of
cruelty. At that time the children, a boy
of 12 and a girl of 10 years, were given to
the mother without permission for the
father to see them.
According to Mr. Watson's story he was
on what he considered his death bed when
he deeded his property to his wife. After
ward he recovered, but found that his wife
had placed t c deeds on record. This led
to a quarrel and the divorce proceedings.
During the proceeding in court to-aay
some Kodak pictures were produced by
Mr. Watson wnich forever settled the fit
ness of the mother to care for the children.
Municipal Ownership.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 14.— Following
are the resolutions adopted by the execu
tive committee of the Municipal Owner
ship League of Alameda at their recent
meeting:
Whereas, It is contended by certain inter
ested parties that all cities in the State of Cali
fornia not embraced within the sixth class are
prohibited by law from producing electricity
and selling the same to their citizens, such
prohibition being aliegei to exist by reason of
the fact mat the charter of no city except
cities of the sixth class specltlca.'ly grants sucn
power to municipal corporations; and whereas,
sftiil interested pnrties threaten to take such
steps as will prevent the city of Alameda from
supplying the citizens with electric light;
therefore, be it
Resolved, By the executive committee of the
Municipal Ownership League of Alameda that
sftM league urge upuii the next Legislature the
passage of such an amendment as will in
terms gram to cities of the fifth class (to which
Aiameda belongs) the power to produce and
sell to its citizens electricity for lighting and
for other purposes.
Resolved, That this league will oppose the
election to the State Legislature of any candi
date not pledged to the hearty support of such
an amendment.
K'->- ili'M,', That a committee of three, one
from each leading political party, be ap
pointed by the president of the league to in
terview candidates for nomination by the ensu
ing political conventions, said committee to
repori to the executive committee at as early
a date as possible, and at a date prior to the
holding of the ensuing primaries, to the end
that the membership of the league may be ad
vised as to the attitude of this question, of the
various candidates for Legislative honors, at
the hands of the voters of this Assembly Dis
trict.
Resolved, That this league hereby solicits the
co-operation of friends of municipal owner
ship throughout the State with a view to con
cert of action at the next session of the Legis
lature.
In accordance with the above rejolu
tions President McCormack appointed
George W. Plummer as representing the
Republican party, Colonel J. J. Tohin for
the Democrats, and Green Majors .i'or the
Populists.
The league has a membership of over
800, and proposes to interview Legislative
aspirants immediately, so that the mem
bers of the league can vote intelligently at
the primary elections to be held Uiis week.
The Bell Nuisance Abated.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 14.—Superin
tendent Frazier has notified, the City-
Trustees that the gong at the crossing of
Park street and Encinal avenue will be
turned oft by the conductor of the 10
o'clock train at night and reopened by the
same official on the first train in tbe morn
ing. This wiil abate the nuisance of the
bell ringing all night.
Delanoy's Case Dismissed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. li.— Judge Og
den sustained the demurrer of the City
Trustees to the amended com plaint of F.
K« Delanoy in the action for an order re-
Btraining them from interfering with the
erection of electric-light n.asts, and dis
missed the case. Attorney Bruner will
take the case to the Supreme Court.
Ran Down a Buggy.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Sept. 14. — Miss Un
dine Young, a daughter of Lawyer Young,
was out bicycle riding with a young geu
ilenian on Saturday ovening, when he
failed to see or hear Mrs. Blanchard ap
proach, and ran into her horse and buggy.
He broke three of bis ribs.
An Attorney Surprined.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 14.— 1n the mat
ter of E. G. Cohen Ana others against the
Auction Sale*
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— 1135 Market Street.
THIS DAY. .
Tuesday I September 15. 1898.
,X . At 10 o'clock a. x , at Salesroom.
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth,
......WI WILL BKU.
AN ELEGANT LINE OF FURNITURE,
Carpets, Stoves, Bedding, c c
■■' . . chas. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
TO-DAI, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896,
....At 11 o'clock a. m., at
1057 Market Street, Opposite Jones. v
We will sell, by order of various consignors, an
immense amount of Very Handsome Furniture
In Parlor, Bedroom. Dining-room and Kitchen;
also Mattresses, Blankets, spreads, Pillows and
Sheets, Carpets, Ranges, Pictures and Ornaments,
Crockery, Glassware, etc.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
1057 Market St., opp. Jones.
1
P. J. BARTEUUCTIOSEER.
THIS DAY (Tuesday), September 15. at 2 p. m.,
at Salesroom, 414 McAllister street, I will sell a
Fine Fresh Stock of Candies, Stationery, Notions,
Optical (joods. Candy Jars, Showcases, Scales, etc
L H. BURD, AUCTIONEER,
WILL SELL THIS DAY AT 11 A. M.
The Furniture and Unclaimed Storage
of Warehouse, 410Va McAllister St.
Dealers take > otice. I* H. BURD. Auctioneer.
City, involving the extension and opening
of Lincoln avenue, the plaintiff, Attorney
A. H. Cohen, filed an affidavit preparatory
to asking for a new trial, in which he asks
that the case be reopened.
DELAYING THE PROJECT
Effect of the Tidal Canal Con
troversy on the War
Department
Colonel SuterWill Exercise His Judg
ment Without Reference to Petty
Local Differences.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 14, 1896. f
The document forwarded to the War
Department by the Alameda Board of
Trustees has caused considerable interest
in this city. Men who have worked for
the improvement of the harbor for years
deplore the position taken by Health
Officer McLean, and consider that since he
entered upon his campaign a year ago the
work has been seriously hurt, and prob
ably retarded.
"Colonel Suter is in charge of the work,"
said one oi the most interested parties to
day, "and it is not iikely that he will ac
cept our opinion or that of Dr. McLean of
Alameda. Colonel Suter is an experienced
engineer and will be guided by his judg
ment. He is not making a campaign to
retain his office, but is working on what
he considers the best and most practicable
lines.
"All thu tug-of-war business between
the twe cities cannot possibly result in
any good and is simply complicating mat
ters. Dr. McLean areues that the work
should be done his way, because of an old
report that has already been officially con
demned as being based on "imperfect in
formation." Colonel Suter and his prede
cessor, Colonel Mendell, agree that Dr.
McLean's ideas are not the best, but he
keeps sending his long communications to
Washington when there is not the slight
est hopo that they will meet with any at
tention.
"We have not forgotten the manner In
which A'ameda's Health Officer obtained
our signatures to a document that had a
joker in it, and which we were afterward
lorced to repudiate to avoid misrepresenta
tion. We are quite willing to leave every
thing to Colonel Suter, and the result will
be the same whether we do or not."
W. C. T. U. Election.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 14.— The annual
meeting of the Oakland Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union was held to-day
and tbe following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: .President, Mr 3. P. H.
Matthews; first vice-president, Mrs. Grace
M. Kimball; second vice-president, Mrs.
S. C. Borland; recording secretary, Mrs.
L. C. Williams; corresponding secretary,
Mrs. E. G. 8now; treasurer, Mrs. D. T.
Curtis; directors — Mesdames P. H. Mat
thews, Grace M. Kimball, E. C. Selfridge,
S. C. Borland, D. T. Curtis, N. v Still
wacron and O. H. Burnham ; delegates to
State convention, to be held in Petaluma
tlie second week in October — Mrs. L. P.
Williams, Mrs. I. J. Baker, Dr. H. P. Van
Kirk and Mrs. S. G. Chamberlain; alter
nates—Mrs. D. T. Curtis, Mrs. Hattie Me-
Math, Mrs. Captain Farran and Mrs. S. 8.
Raff.
The City Council.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 14.— The City
Council met to-ninht and fixed the tax
levy at $1. 14. The old fight over the Colonel
Wettstein saloon license then came up.
The resort is conducted by Hildebrand,
Posen & Co., with Wettstein as manager,
anil is at 416 Fourteenth street. Rev.
Robert F. Coyle oi the First Presbyterian
Church, with a number of his congrega
tion, made a strong plea for a refusal of
the license. Attorney G. W. Baker of San
Francisco, representing the California
Protective Association, held aloof from
the fight and allowed the case to so by the
board. A vote of tlie Council resulted in
a defeat for the saloon men.
COUNTY POLITICS.
Candidates and Convention* Are Being
Discussed in Every Precinct.
Ward Meetings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 14. J
The Democrats will hold club primaries
on Wednesday evening.
Hiram Bailey has issued a circular giv
ing his reasons why he should succeed
himself as Supervisor. He says: "My ac
tions have been approved by the people's
examiners — the Grand Jury of the county
— and, therefore, I can assert confidently
that there is nothing in my career or offi
cial actions not justified by facts and cir
cumstances."
The Woman's Republican Club held a
meeting to-night at the Corinne Hotel.
They will rive a reception to Hon. S. G.
Hilborn next Monday.
If the candidates of the Republican
party who are out for county offices wiil
not give $175 for typewritten new great
registers the register ot 1894 will be nsed at
Saturday's primary.
T c two county conventions to be held
next Saturday by the Democrats and
Populists will be large ones. The former
will tuke placo in the Tabernacle, while
the latter will be in German ia Hall.
The Young Men's Republican Club of
Berkeley was addressed last nignt by W.
Lair Hill, W. H. Friend, J. Johnston and
G. A. Norton.
The Afro-American League of Oakland
is making a very earnest "McKtnley cam
paign.
The Fourth Ward Republican Club will
mcc' Tuesday evening in People's Hall,
on Sixth and Market streets, when ex-
Mayor M. C. Chapman and others will
speaic, while good music has been arranged
for.
The East Side Republican Club of the
Second ward will hold an important meet
ing Wednesday evening in its headquar
ters, Twenty-second street and Broadway.
The executive committse will be appointd
and the question of delegates to the county
convention will be considered.
A Bryan free-silver clab will be organ
ized at 867 Wood street on Thursday even
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
AUCTION SALK OF HELIC\t TUBE
PKKAIIEK BICYCLES
THURSDAY,
Thursday. ...... ."..::.. September 17, 1896.
At 12 o'clock m., in Our Salesrooms,
We will sell, by catalogue,
40 Ladles' and Gentlemen 8 Premiers f
The lightest of the high-grade wheels. The only
wheel having the U. S. Government test. Bold by
order of Col. .7. M. Lltchfleld, Trustee, to close con-
signment. Wheels now on exhibition.
EDWAKD 8. bPfIAR a CO.. Auctioneers.
FURNITURE OF FLAT
THIS DAY, AT 2 P. M., AT 3428 SAC-
KAMKNTO ST., .NEAR KILL3IORJS.
FRANK W. BUTTERPIKLD. Auctioneer for
A. M. SPECK <fc CO. 602 Mark*' street.
ing, September 17, under the auspices of
the California silver campaign committee.
The Republican Club of Ni'.es held forth
in Ford's Hall Saturday evening, and lis
tened to addresses by local speakers on the
issues of the campaien.
The Alameda County National Repub
lican League held a rousing meeting to
night in Masonic Hall.
The Young Men's Democratic Club met
to-night and completed arrangements for
the parade to be held next Saturday niaht
after the Democratic and Populist conven
tions get through with their work.
It now looks as though the interior can
didate for Superior Judge, G. W. Langan
of Livermore, will go to the county con
vention with all tfie delegates from the
outside townships, some from Berkeley
and some from Alameda.
J. C. Crooks of Livermore is out for the
Assembly from the Forty-sixth district,
comprising Washington and Murray
townships, Haywards and Mount Eden.
There are at least nine candidates anx
ious to succeed Supervisor Bailey of
Livermore.
T. W. Harris of Pleasanton has issued
his reasons for wanting to be Supervisor
from the First District.
School Changes.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 14.— The Board
of Education has granted L. W. Allen a
leave of absence from August 31 to Sep
tember 11; E. A. Stevens from September
8 to the end of the term.
Miss Teele has been elected cooking and
sewing teaclier for the Manunl Training
School, Miss Shaw to the first grade of the
Sweet School and Miss Goods to the Cen
tral Evening School.
Director Myra Knox has raised objec
tion to the present mode of punishing pu
pils, and desires th^ board to adopt some
uniform mo ;e of punishment, and sug
gests that the children be placed at some
task to improve their mind and memory
as a mode of discipline.
Peculiar Move.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 14.— 1t is claimed
that the primary election officers selected
by Chairman Mautalen tor the Sixth Ward
polling-place next Saturday are Demo
crats. They are: Charles Castera, judge;
James Groegan, inspector, and Ed Farre'J,
clerk. The first two are the thirty-fifth
and sixteenth names respectively on the
Democratic club roll in the Sixth Ward
and the last is a well-known Democrat.
Th« question is, How do the men's names
come to be on Democratic club rolls if they
are Republicans, and why should they be
an election board if their names are on a
Democratic club rolls?
Will Study Law.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 14.— W. Egan,
the deaf mute for whose benefit an enter
tainment was recently given, wiil so to
the National College, "Washington. D. C,
Messrs. Tarpey, Foote and Perkins having
made up the necessary amount to help
him out. It is expected he will leave dur.
ing the week.
THE SPALDING FUNERAL
Solemn Service Held Yesterday in the
Bella Vista.
Almost concealed by costly flowers, ex
pressive of sincere sorrow, there stood yes
terday morning in the drawing-room of
the Bella Vista Hotel the handsome casket
in which rested the mortal remains of the
late Mrs. Lydia A. Spalding, whose death
occurred last Saturday.
There were present during the funeral
services conducted by Rev. R. C. Foute,
rector of Grace Church, a large number of
those who in life were the friends and ac
quaintances of Mrs. Spaldine, and when
the service was read there were many who
were affected to tears. The quartet of the
church named rendered "Asleep in Jesus,"
"Waft Her, Angels, to the Skies" and the
"Miserere" of Gerrish.
The honorary pallbearers were Adam
Grant, L. H. Clement, W. F. Goad, Robert
F. Morrow, Homer S. King, Dr. Mc-
Monagle. The active pallbearers were the
colored servants of the house. The
mourning party, led by Mr. and Mrs.
Hugh Hume, the lady a niece of Mrs.
Spalding, accompanied the body to Moun
tain View Cemetery, Oakland/where the
interment took place.
Among those present during the funeral
ceremonies were: Mr. and Mrs. Adam
Grant, Mr. and Mrs. John GiHiir, Mr. and
Mrs. Samuel Mayer, Dr. and Mrs. Hatch,
Mr. and Mrs. George Folsom, Mr. and
Mrs. Homer King, Mr. and Mrs. Fish,
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs, Miss Virginia
Fair, Mrs. Edcerton, Mrs. P. Caduc, Walter
Turnbull, Timothy O'Brien, Mrs. Duff
Green, Mrs. F. W. Brooks, Mrs. Tucker,
Mrs. Horace Wilson, Mrs. Cecil, Mrs.
Gilbert.
. — + — •
Labor Bureau Report.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald will soon
send to Governor Budd the annual report of
the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The report will
briefly discuss such subjects as free employ
ment agencies, private employment agencies,
collection of wages, time-check system, eight
hour law, convict labor, Japanese labor,
bakeries, mining, trades unions, strikes and
lockouts, sweatshops, laws and recommenda
tions aid statistics relating to the subjects
discussed. The report upon corporations
shows that from January 1, 1895, to July 1,
1895, 1379 business and social bodies tiled ar
ticles of incorporation.
. «. — — «
Died From His Injuries.
William Fromm.a brewery helper who re
sided at 1428 Mission street, died last evening
In the German Hospital from the result of In
juries received on the 11th inst. Fromm, who
was employed at the Jackson brewery, was
loading a wa?on at the time of the accident.
While standing on a wheel his foot slipped
and he ie.l to the ground, fracturing his skull.
He was taken io the Receiving Hospital and
from there to the German Hospital. An opera
tion was performed in an endeavor to save the
injured man's life, but it proved without
avail.
x^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
j£W«S»*>'| 62.5 UKAI»'Y NT. Established
fiflllffil ln lss * ' or the trentmentof Private
a Dr. Gibbon 's Dispensary,
625 X iSABIT XT. Established
In 1N54 for the treatment ot Private
Dbe— m, Lost Manhood. Debility or
&\s^tsJ?iQ d Isfaae wearing on b odj'and mind and
C***v;--*vW*i Skin Diseases. Thetloctoreureswht'ii
■ ivvf ( "^Pw>t3 others fall. Try him. Charges low.
i5SfeU.-ii'jii k 3 C'ur««*s:iiarani»« % «Ml. Callorwrlte.
Sir. J. ft 1 . uIBBU.V Bos 1937. 5aa Francisco.
Wiilfs Indian Vegetal Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK IIE AD ACHE, GIDDIXESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stoinacti, I'implej, and
purify the blood.
Cross* SflsciflcMixtiira
With this remedy persons .can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of , the least injury to ilia
constitution. A*tjoux druggui loric. i*ric« SI 4
botU*
1112
UNLESS COURT ORDERS.
Mr. Goodfellow Will Not Pro
duce Any of Senator
Fair's Wills.
He Says He Never S'.w the Will of
the 21st in Which He Is
Made Trustee.
W. S. Goodfellow, one of the special
administrators of the Fair estate, and
named as one of the trustees under the
will of SeptemDer 21, gnve something of a
deposition before Notary Latham yester
day mornins in tne will litigation, but it
fell short of the purpose for which he was
summoned. He did not have any of
Senator Fair's wills about his person, and,
more than that, he declined to produce
any unless ordered to do so by the court.
That balked the proceedings, and Mr.
Goodlellow was allowed to depart until an
order of the court could be obtained re
quiring him to do so.
The inquiry was conducted by Mr. Del
mas in John E. Richards' office.
Mr. Goodfellow stated that his age was
45 and that he had been practicing law in
this City for twenty-one years. He was
Senator Fair's legal counsel for a number
of years before the Senator's death. The
very first work he did for him was to draw
up a codicil for a will and the very last
thing was to draw up a will. A large part
of the work he did for the Senator between
the first and the last was to draw up more
and more wills. One ol theße wills
drafted in 1893 was afterward modified by
other counsel out of the State, by whom it
was also signed and tiled. Tne witness
said it was very hard for him to keep the
run of all the wills and codicils, although
he drew them all — all excapt that winch
had been written out of the State and the
will of the 21st— with the latter he had
nothing to uo. The wills were all filed
tiway in the late Senator's office; all in en
velopes sealed and numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, and
so on.
He said he never saw the will of the
21st, that it was filed without his
having been consulted and was stolen be
fore he saw it.
"In your capacity as special adminis
trator you Dave charge of these wills, have
you not?" asked Mr. Delmaa.
"I presume they are in the vault in Sen
ator Fair's office. I would not be willing
to Dring them here without an order of
court. But the Question as to whetner
I should do so or not has not been
raised."
"Weil, then," said Delmas, "I will raise
it now. I make a formal demand that
you produce those wills."
"To bring the matter legally to an issue
I shall waive service of subpena aud shall
formally refuse to produce them," an
t-wered Goodfellow.
"Very well," said Delmas, "that will
bring the question before Judse Slack for
settlement. My conception of fhe law is
that it is the duty of any one having wills
of a deceased person in his possession to
turn tiiem into couit without regard to
wnat he may have heard as to wills of
later date."
"It may be a correct one, too. bat I do
not agree in it," said Goodfellow.
Tliis ended tlie proceedings of tbe morn
ing. Messrs. Lloyd ana Wheeler were
supposed to appear and give their deposi
tions in the afternoon, but after waiting
until nearly 3 o'clock word was received
that they could not be present, and the
hearing was adjourned.
An Accident, Not Suicide.
Coroner Hawkins has come to the conclusion
that James Bagley ol 327 Clementina street
did not come to his death through suicidal
intent. He was an oid man, who nad become
exhausted by walking and lay down on the
beach, wi.ere the tide reached his body. He
leaves a widow and three sons to mourn his
.oss.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
A Swegh, Salem, Or P Came, Salem, Or
.Mrs R Harrison. ' reson Mrs A A Ciladirts, Me
Mrs 1' E Carroll, Neb F Carrol ton, -Neb
A W Allen, iacoma Mrs U A
D F A Hunt, Cal H <i -quire, Gibsonviile
W Richardson, Truckee P Jurgensoa, GlbsonvilU-
S.M U'itfiuman, Nev T G Herman, Watsonvile
WAHerzih n er,mo<ltn,CalG McFariane, cal
.1 W Beckwith, Ohio \V H llarman, Ohio
H D Uowmau <t w, Cal C Crane, wf <t 2 eh, Cal
G S Hamilton, Cal J McCarthy. Vuliejo
J W Carrey, sac J O'lirien, "Livrrmore
C H Handy, Montpelier S if Stokes, Mo:itpeller
W D Forsyth, Cal G Owens, Portland
It B Greeni>raf, Cal Mrs A Hamilton Cal
C C Oeltney, Table Rock M WOOJ, Visu.ia
R H Howard, Monterey W C Holrnan, (.'al
J C Stout ft wf, Tex T L Cane, Petalurca
11 D Grant. Petaluma L Freil & wf, Dunsmuir
L Fox, Modesto QSHatteson. Modesto
J Crauey, Kversreen J W Hart, Stockton
A T I'ochran, (.hicago E E Moulton <te wf, Tex
W T Christy, N Orleans M Loman. Mojave
Miss M stone, Fowler G L Stevenson, Los Ane
J A Veatch. Vancouver l> D Hoilana. Mo
J B Waite, Roseburg H P ivieElroy. Petaluma
0 L Van BuHkirk. Lodi W A Byri.e, San Jose
B Tyl.-r, 1 Pliama D A Harris, Williams
H S;eling & \rt, Davisvll J O Gouldie Wadsworih
C H Butis, Providence J Young, Walnut creek
A Kuten-,toin, Fresno AX i eck <fe lam, Utah
Mrslionaldsou,Temj)letn T C Cot, sonora
C H Handy, V« S P Stakes, Vi
W J Newman, Visalia
GRAND HOTEL.
F H South, Stockton H Siegfried & 1, San Jose
W F George. Sacramento C F schwilse, Sacramto
W J McCollum, siockton J Pinselspiel. Suisun
F Newlands &w, Sacto C Uaydocic, San Jose
E Oratz, US 8 Oregon w J Jones, Sacramento
C M Baley. Portland^ P A Bueil, Stockton
Wn liiKels, w»S:2 c.Frsno W l'.a:idall, New York
A H Hart, New York E O Weinhart, Grass Val
A Graves, Auburn Mrs J Weimann, Wis
h. G Anderson, »\ V Miss M Weimann, Wis
F Wiggins, LOB Angeles X E Elliott <t w, Bakersf
R W Hasting* <few,**ortld Mrs S F Evans, S L Obo
S Kumn.e . !j.ir,-,l.edling .> M King, Sacramento
C J King, sacraiuen.O JII Simonsou. Merced
W J Bigg, New 01k Dr SP Keiv, .^lagjilia
OB Hendrix, Magalia W R Newton <&w. PacGr
Mrs X N Fulton, Ohio U W well, California
J A Andrews, L Angeles J A Henderson. Winters
A t' Jones, Oroville D C Knowies, -Mariliaois
W li Harrison. California J .M George, Pa
W M Clay, Alameda J C Tice. Alameda
J Hall. Volcano, M Cardoza & w, Sta Crua
« I) Macaulay <few, B C C Rule, Duncans Mills
R Milier, Kansas J Loeb, Wi.liams
J Reynolds, California Rev S Hirst, Valleio
T D Hooker <&w. .\apa
LICK HOUSE.
M Coleman, Marysyllle MrsLR Henderson.Sonra
> us E Bonfleid, Chicago FA Schnlder&w, Col.ccc
Miss 11 Park. Sen Jose Park «-°i.ege
}■> F i^caneider, College C C Schneider. College Pk
* Park ,'■"•■'•;'■; E L Allison, Kernville
1 Levy, Lower Lake J Markley. Geyserville
C M Lynch. California Mrs J M Walsh Stockton
Miss Al Walsh, Stockton Mrs F M liarnev Cal
W Ilarney, California Mrs Pr W W Eastman.
S 1* Cantie.d, San Juan bonora ■
P -v Morgan, Sacto \V Sexton. San J se
WH Cleary, Stockton MrsWCamm.Vir"inaCtv
T J Cottle, Preston Miss Camm.VirKiniaCltv
Tll Thompson, lulare J 1 Taylor, Bakersileld
G M iin-niiui, Ventura BFChandlentwf.Elniira
Miss Orion, llealdhburg Pr Burden, -Maria Co
H I'osllethwaite, s Jose J M Wilmans, Newman
J ¥ Moody, Truckee j W Howell, Merced
0 Bogaii, San Rafael
PALACE HOTEL.
H E Maker, Phila Prof B Dean &wf NY
P siems. St Paul M Q Eshruan, Los Anels
J B Hammon.l, Portland A L> Foote, Grass Valley
W l'cpper, Philadelphia iJ M Gooch, Melbourne
li McUrath &m, S V Pr FlaschL Sydney
W W Adams," Montana C 8 Sargent, Mass
Mrs F Cox, Sacramento li L Albert, 0S N ■
G W Peltier, Nevada J iiuir, Martinez
C A Baldwin, Sta Clara Mrs U W Peltier, Nevada
C J sti-edmun, Jiontcrey airs Baldwin, sta Clara
RO Browu. Bodie Mrs L Voun^, l-odie
Mrs K<j Brown, Bodie L S Stillman. Brooklyn
V Hairison, London Mrs Harri»on d: rod Ene
R 1 urn bull & w, London C A ttarauoni, London
C KiJpatrick, w. 2 clin a-. F li Stone. Chicago '
maid, st Louis Pr Farrell & w, Chicago
PrToiand. ban Jacinto s °
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss G Allen. A üburn ai raCCi urry, Stockton
D Earl. Culaveras G Lovejoy. Ukiah
j a o-ndon, Los n-,'eles P Peterson, Alvarado
Miss A bkow, Alvarado J E I'er ;ue, Sacto
P Johnson. SuninierviUe W Simpson Yreka
1 H.n'ierson, Valujo KSuiton, tenicia
O L Martello, Benicm r. W Emington.colllnsve
F Mare.ea, Rodeo (, l- Biadyi Oakland
H X Potter <fe w, NY J R Hammond, Denver
E E Boy iron, Suit Lake T Downey, Suit ijike
RHeviaon, eauie F Boynto'n, Newark
C G Williams, Los Ang X H Shuw &w. Bate
Mrs Bryant. Sacto Al st-pnecs. San Jose
1° Jauu'S, Orovlile M Shelby, PhtEtiix
C Teenbery, Los Ang T Ray, st Paul
A M Byrnes, Reno
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L F Douglass, Chicago R W l.emme, St Helena
W M 1 oach, Vallpjo F hiitz, Sacramento
M J KosmHii. USX ri H Gonn, New York
W U Barrett, « bicago J M Jacoby. Lt>« auk
C X HoUenbaek & \v, <■; B llitner. For; Keogh
Colorado {jniu:s Mrs A Her.ry. Dauvlfie
R jl Wrteht, 'i'ueson D Cloptor, Valleio
G X (joodmau Jr<fc w, Cal H Kadin, Fi
H W PtersOS, Mic-h M W iinlbntim-, Detroit
PSHuseubauiu.S'.ockton C O Willid, Grass Vaiioy
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICBS-580 Montgomery street,
I corner Clay; open until 9 >Bo o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, •pea
ontll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
!16 Ninth streof. op«-n until 9:30 o'clock
— NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
pr^= CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, ji~
»-^ R. A M., will meet THIS (TT'F.s- J\
DAY) EVENING, September 15. • at 7:30 f»
I o'clock. Stated meeting, P. M. and M. E. /yy\
i M. degrees. By order of (be H. P.
I ■•'-■- : ' FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
| BK^ 3 pacific lodge no. 136, F. «
ana \. M., 131 Kddy sl, 1116018^
THIS EVENING 7;30 o'clork 2 I). TfV
1 GEOKGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V>
i ITr^* ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144, F. SI
B-^? and A. M^ — First • Degree THIS
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. IT V
A. a. HUBBAKD. Secretary. /V>
JK^S» GOLDEN GATE LODGE No. 30. m
h^*^ F. and A. Called meetine THIS A.
| (TUESDAY) EVENING. September 15, IK 5?
at 7:30 o'clock. D.I. r^\
OEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ft^ 3 PR. H. L JONES, OCULIST AND
**^r aurist, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Post. Tel. Grant 1 01.
S^ BAP TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
*~-^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
r^sS= BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
* s - iP Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
jE^P~~DRI albert ABRAMS has r&
•*~-»' moved his offices to 784 Geary st. '
*-/S= GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDKR;
BKS' cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
»K5» DR. T. F. BRENNAN REMOVED TO
w^ 6 ' Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
B£^» DR. G. E. SUSSDORFF HAS REMOVED
&<&" his offices to 22Va Geary su, rooms 1 and 2.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ozs* "dividend "notice— dividend "Na
»<& 35 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co. will te payable
a*, the office of the company, 327 Market street,
on ana after ' Monday, September . 21, 1896.
Transfer-books will close Tuesday. September 15,
1896. at 3 o'clock p. M.
F. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS \VANTEI>-jr\EMALE.
COMPETENT FRENCH NURSE AND SEAM-
\J stress desires situation, or as chambermaid and
waitress: best reference; city or country. Miss
CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
T ADIES REQUIRING COMPETENT HELP
XJ in any capacity can be supplied on short no-
tice. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
T ADIES REQUIRING- GOOD, COMPETENT
XJ and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
G1 ERMaN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
r son st., furnishes best help of all nationalities.
rnRAINED NiRSE WISHES TO TRAVEL
X East with patient: remuneration, traveling ex-
penses. Address B. L., 1203 Castro st. Oakland,
PELIABLE ENGLISH WOMAN WA.STS A
Xt place or trust: good cook ami housekeeper: no
postal cards. Please call at 6 O Farrell su two
days, Tuesday and Wednesday, room 15. third
floor.
/ 'OMPETENT WOMAN TODOGEN-
V- eral housework, city or country. 905 Va PowelL
EXPECTABLE ENGLISH WOMAN WANTS
to do housework In city; Is competent and
good p:aln cook. 1807 Mission su
yOUNG WOMAN wants to GO OUT BY
X the day; housework, washing, cleaning, etc
Call or address 14 Va Otis place, near Folsom and
Eighth sts.
AN i ED— A GOOD, COMPETENT GIRL,
a situation for housework and cooking. Please
call at 4 Church place, between Greenwich ana
Lombard streets; entrance off Papon
IV ANTEP— WORK IN a small HOTEL as
'< housekeeper: is good cook; or to assist in
boarding-house or restaurant; good waitress. Call
or address 814 Filbert st.
'ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW, A
situation as housekeeper; long experience;
good cook; only respectable parties need apply;
good reference. Address G. C., box 112, call Office.
QWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
O upstairs worK and as seamstress. Call 715
Treat aye., between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
ESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL WISHES
Xt situation to do housework. Call 527 Capp st.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES TO DO GEN-
O eral housework and cooking in a small family.
Please call or address 710 Howard st.
p EItMAS WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
VJ do housework and plain cooking. 81 bu, Geary
St., Saratoga court, flat 4.
14' OMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF SEWING;
'» repair* and cleans clothes. 114 Fourth at-,
room 16.
THIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS SITCA-
-I 1 tlou: ci yor country; best references. Call or
address 924 Washington sU
a MERICAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
XV as housekeeper; city or country. Address
room 11, &73% Market au ' ', : .--.-
ASTERN LADY WISHES POSITION AS
housekeeper. Call 303 Fourth st.
ANTED— A YOUNG WOMAN WANTS A
"• place to assist in general housework; country
prefrrred. Please call at 520 Third st.
rAN IKB- A YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
'» chamber work and waiting. Please call a; 620
Third st.
K ESPECTABLE GERMAN LADY WISHES
ashing or cleaning by the day. 120 a Wilder
St., off Fillmore, bet. Bush and Pine.
<< ITU ATION WANTED BY A .MIDDLE-AGED
O woman as housekeeper in the country; wages
$20 to $25; is good cook ajd laundress. Call early
746 Mission sU
V LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X companion to lady, or wait on door or upstairs
work. Call or address 523 Jones St., near Geary.<|
0 SWEDISH WANT BITUAT-IoNS
— together, one as cook, the other as second girl.
Call 775 Mission st,, room 6.
•VrOUNO woman wants situation AS
X housekeeper or chargeoflodgtng-houseor plain
newi:ig. Mj-»VL> Mission au, room 8.
]>e-pkctable WOMAN WISHES ANY
Xt kind ot work by the day, washing, ironing and
housed t-aning. 119y 2 Ivy aye.
yOUNG GERMAN GIHL WISHES SITU A-
X lion for light housework; will sleep home.
724 Ivy aye.
other AND DAUGHTER want place
as cook, chambermaid and waitress; $30 per |
monyi if together. Call afternoon, room 6, 864 i
M smou st. ---- - •■ . . /*
V XPERIENCED AND RELIABLE LADY'S
XJ nurse wishes a few more engagements; terms
reasonable. M. A. H., box ti, Call Office.
HONEST WILLING YOUNG GIRL WANTS
work by the day. P.easo call 1007 \atoma
st., oil Eleventh, bet. Howard and Mission. Girl
for housework, same address.
lir IDOW, MIDDLE-AGED. WITH ONE GIRL
»» 15 years of age, wants position us working
housekeeper in country; widower or bachelor-
understands farm work. Call or write 21 Severn*',
Dressmaker! FIRST - CLASS refer-
ences: rapid worker: perfect filter: wishes en-
gagements by the day; terms *1 60. Call or ad-
dress 1205^ Devisadero at. .
yoU-W. RfcFINEP, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market su, room 19, second floor.
"YOUNG GIi.L PESIKiSS SITUATION AS
X chambermaid; hotel or lodging-house. L box
21, Call Office.
IPDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN DE^
slrei a position to do general housework or
hojttekeeDing; no objection to city or country. 517
Howard st. -
GERMAN WISHES A POSITION TO DOGEN-
vT eral housework and cooking; no objection to
! conntry. 611 Natonia st., near seventh.
j SITUATION wanted bt A SWEDISH
0 woman, with a little girl, as cook or house-
keeper; city or country. 989 Howard st.
U OMAN WITH A CHILD DESIRES A SITU-
»' ation to do general housework; good cook-
dty or country. 2JlMlnuaaU
POSITION WANTEP— BY MANAGING
housekeeper with fi.teei. years' experience
Address M. IL, box iO, Call Office.
wanted- position AS HOUSEKEEPER
"or companion, or both combined, by a thor-
oughly capable ana accomplished young widow-
references exchanged. Address MRS. G. C.
HARRIS, 412 East Fifty-seventh St., New York
City. ■• •
\ I IPPLE-AGEP LADY WANTS A PLACE AS
yfX housekeeper or care of children: speaks
French and English. . Call or address 1085 Minna
st.: call after Sunday.
KESSMAKEIT; FIRST - CLASS, WOULD
r-, a « engagements by the day; city or country.
1 jo j^arkln st.
WASTED-POSITION AS COOK IN BOARD-
ing-house ?L h0:el 4? years' experience : is first-
class baker. Address M. R. box 92, this office.
El-IABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
o B { l 4 l S. t i? n . ln a baker wages $10 per month.
Call 17 Third St., room 22, 11 to 12 o'clock.
ERMAN WOMAN WANTS HOUSECLEA \-
-148 ifllt^a'u.Voon-, 91.*" ° r MB^ HILS '
y OUNG LADY FItOM THE EAST WOULD
x like » situation as general housekeeper- city or
country. Apply --'23 Post su, room 2. y
KEITNED YOUNG LAPY WISHES PosT
non as companion, care of children, Invalid
or would do UDStalrs work: references. Call or ad-
dress A. B. C, 302 Van Ness aye.
E FINED WIDOW WOULD LIKE POSI-
Xi, tion as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's mml.y. . Room 13, 1 Fiftn si.  . ; . ?-.r
VV i. Nl " K *.J,£1 U HOUSE. ** THIRD ST..' SB.'
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25 « to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 jier week; convenient and respectable 1
lite bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
_ SITCATIOyS "WANTED— Continued.
I ADY WANTS POSITION '■ AS HOUSE-
J Keeper for widow. 223 Post St., room 1.
RENCH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
day; general housework and sewing at home,
cc. Address or (all M. HKHTIN. 1712 Pupont.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
StEL HELP ' SECURTcD^b^^^H^atT^Nol
tice, city or country, by calling, by mall or by
telephoning. C.B. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
R. HANSEN* & CO., 110 GEARY ST.. FUR-
• n sh men for all Kinds of work; long or short
job. Send us your orders: telephone Grant 185. .
UNTER <fc CO., CHINESE AiND JAPA-
nese employment office, 17 Webb su, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RKLIABLK
V/'belp; teL Main 1997. BRADLEY <tCO., 640 Clay.
HINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J oflice; best help. 414VJ; O'Farrell; teL K. 421
T APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sotter at. ; tel. Grant 30.
y oung MAN, experienced in BOOK-
X keening, shorthand and typewriting, desires
situation. Address G. L.. box 52, Call Office.
y oung man wants situation ; is will-
X in and not afraid of work: is good teamster
and knows city well. Address W. E., box 89, CalL
ITUATION WANTED as clerk In
O wholesale or retail grocery, fruit or commission
house; first-class references. Address 679 East
Twelfth su, East Oakland.
A MERICAN, STEADY SOBER RELIABLE,
JtX. wants work ; wages no object : . used to care of
horses, driving, etc.: generally useful; reference
or security. Address H. S., 414 Ivy aye. .■';•■
MAN. MIDDLE AGED, OF GOOD ADDRESS,
with references, desires a situation as janitor;
clean offices, stores, etc. Address R. J. 11., 323
Hyde st.
POSITION WANTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
X by steady, reliable, young German; understands
care of horse*, garden and general work: is willing
and obliging; first-class references. Address S. G.,
box 128, Call Office.
V TEMPERATE MAN OF SO; Al REFER-
ence; practical painter and - paper-hanger;
handy with tools; will work very cheap; city or
country; by day or job. Add. O. X., box 95. Call.
WORK WANTED BY SCOTCHMAN: TO
' 'i hang paper, paint, calcimine: handy with
tools; make himself generally useful; wages $15
and board: good references. R. M. P., Call Office,
Oakland.
SCOTCHMAN, MIDDLE-AGED, CAN COOK,
O do house and garden work, take care of stock;
handy with tools: references: small wages. M. R.
8., Call, Oakland. --—-...-■
OY OF 16 YEARS OF AGE DESIRES A
good situation. Address D., box 154, Call.
AN WANTS WORK AROU.nD HOTEL,
make himself useful, etc, for board and lodg-
ing. Address 419 Brannan st.
STRONG GERMAN BOY OF 17 WISHES
any kind of work: good driver. Address 8. ,
Call Branch Office, 116 Ninth st.
ANDY JAPANESE GARDENER WANTS
situation to take care of horses and cows; can
drive buggy and do all kinds or outside work:
reference. Address H. M. SUZCKUWA, 113
Church at.
S~ ITUATION WANTED FOR A FIRST-CLASS
cook, German, in restaurant or lunchhonse;
best of references. S. D., box ltil, Call Office.
XPI.KIKNCEP AND GRADUATED PHAR-
maclst wishes to do relief work; best refer-
ences. Address Drugs, box 109, Call Office.
WANTED — POSITION AS MECHANICAL
»' engineer; 20 years' experience; first-class
license, all or address 566 Howard su
POSITION AS SURVEYOR, ASSAYER AND
X bookkeeper for a mining company In Califor-
nia or elsewhere by a man of experience; satis-
factory reterences given. Address Surveyor, box
26. Call office. '
SITUATION WANTED ,BY GERMAN AND
O wife with 2 children, one 3 years, other 1 year
old; man can do plain blacksmith work; Is handy
wi tv tools, al&o about place and farm ; wife Is a
good cook and housekeeper; man would like situ-
I ation as choreman or take charge of smalt ranch,
! ordoauykind of work where woman can cook
! for a few men: will work for small wages ou steady
j place. Address. G. H. YOUNG, 715 Howard at.,
I room ISS.
J L'IRST-CLASS TRAVELING SALESMAN;
] X speaks four languages; at present ru presenting
I prominent wholesale house: wishes to makp a
i change; wholesa'.o cigars or wines and liquors;
only first-class nouses desired: highest references.
Address A. S.,box 85, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS JAPANESE COOK DESIRES
X I plsce in private family in this city. FRANK
C. N.. 22 Prospect place.
XPEBIENC -D CLERK WITH BEST REF-
erences wishes situation In some line; nominal
salary expected. Address WILSON, 712 Post st.
CIT CATION "WANTED FOR A FIRST-CLASS
0 carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to worn. Address D., 1060 Howard st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggaceioand from the ferry.
COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
V^ engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dreßs Engineer. 1189 Market su. 8. F., CaL
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus an baggage to ant! from the ferry.
FJS3IALK HELP WANTED.
/"I IRL FOX CANDY- STORE, STOCKTON, $20,
VX room and boar.!; cook. Ross Valley. $25-
Hcaldsburg, $25: BaSersfield. $25; Merced, $25;
Sacramento, $20. and other towns; 15 house-
work ctrls, city, $20 and $25; 8 young girls as-
-BlBt, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
T.IRENCH bKCOND GIRL, $25. MISS CUL-
X LEN. . 23 smterst. ■
SECOND GIRL AND LAUNDRESS, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
/GERMAN SECOND GIRL. $20, SAN JOSE.
Ij MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter su
FA NT'S NURSE. $25: GERMAN NURSE,
; X $20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler sU
TTOUSEWORK GIRL, SAN RAFAEL, 3 IN
XX family. $20. MI CULLEN. 323 Butter.
EAT, REFINED NURSEGIRL, $12: ONE
XX child 3 years. MISSCULLBN, 323 Sutter.
ERMAN SECOND GIRL, BERKELEY, $20."
VJ MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
I\ T£ C A U T L^ T^3 R S 3 u^r U s^ G GIRL ' no MIS 3
fiOVER.NFSS AND SEAMSTRESS, 1 CHILD
VJ $JO. MISS CULLEK, 323 sutler st.
HOUSEWORK GtRL; SLEEP HOME; $20."
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter sU
ROTESTANT LAUNDRESS; $25: INBTI-
X tution. MISS CULLKN, .vjs Sntter sU
WANTEP-GIRLS TO WORK IN HOVELS.
»' board lac-bouses and private families, city or
country: also young girls to assisu C. R. HAN-
hK.\ <t CO., 1 10 Geary at.
EAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND COO
Xi Ing, American family of 2, city, $20. see party
I in our office 8:30 this morning; 20 girls and
: women for other situations. MURRAY <fc
READY, Leading Employment Agent-, 634 and
636 Clay st.
\\r A TED— PROTESTANT COOK, NO WASH,
*» $30; Protestant laundress, institution, $25-
Scandinavian or English second girl, $20; lady's
maid, $20; 3 waitresses, $20: and girls for cobk-
ing and bouse work in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
\\' ANTE D — GERMAN CHAMBERMAID.
'» hotel, $16; waitress, hotel, $15; 3 Germans
or French cooks, $35, $30 and $25; French wait-
ress, $25; waitress and parlor maid, country, $26;
waitress, city, $20: chambermaid and seamstress,
$20: German nursery governess, $25. A.EON
ANDRE. 316 Stockton sU .
AITRESS, $20 AND ROOM, CITY, CALL
early: 3 waitresses, $15 and room: girl for
candy-store, $20, room, board, etc, call eary
chambermaid and wait some. $15, room, etc. •
cook, boarding-house, $35; and room; girl for
steiner street, $20. call early: girl for Alameda,
$20; girl for doctors family, Berkeley, $20, call
early; girl for Palo Alto. $15: 13 houseglrls, $15;
7housegirls, $20; 12 young girls, assist, etc., nice
families. MARTIN'S. 749 Market at.
YOUNG FRENCH UIKL, TWO CHAMBER-
X maids, 5 young girls general housework: house-
keeper, short distance. MRS. M. JOHNSTON.
995 market su - . .-.
R. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
IRL TO ASSIST: PLAIN COOKING AND
VT housev.ork; references; sleep home. 637 El-
lis BU ■ ■■ i
W ANTKD— CHAMBER-GIRL AT THE LAP-
<> ham Wouse, 506 Jones sU
pOMPETV-NT LaDY CASHIER FOR night
\J work: good place: good wages; persons hold-
ing certificates in United states Industrial Agency
are eligible. Room 165, Crocker building. • ;-.'.
GIKLs OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
r various positions. German .Employment, 306
Mason su y " •
\\r ANTED-I'IRST-CLASSCOAT-FINI^H
'' and buitouhole-makera. Apply 106 Battery.
G1 OOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS. 626
X Minna st. '
"ANTED— ON COATS. 622 CLAY ST.,
room 2, first floor. ''"•■;•
"VTEAT GIRL FOR LIGHT .HOUSEWORK:
i.l wages $12. Apply 1308 Ellis st. , .-
\\J ANT ED — GIRL FOR DOWNSTAIRS
■'•■»» work: must- understand cooking. 1257 ; Oc-
tavla St. ;
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND CHILDREN,
$10 to $12. .17 15 Sutler st. \ '
\\T A NTED— WAITRESS OR WAITER. BEE
* » Hive Restaurant, 642 Sacramento st.
VOUSO GIRL ASSIST. HOUSEWORK. $8 TO
1 $10. 1812 Bush aU . . • . -
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN COOK-
VJ" ing. 435 Kddy st. - .
NEW SKIKT PATTERNS; JUST IN: 25c.
X> . MoDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
ket st. -:. . - '.. . ■ . . . "■ ■ ■ .
WANTED — NURSKOIRL: AGED 20. IF-
'» ply bet. IP and 12 a. m . 1434 Post su
TirANTED— GOOD COOK; REFERENCE RE
It quired. Apply bet. 10 and 12, 1434 Post st.
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS , CUTTER AND
fitter to take charge^ of workroom In at cloak
and sulthouse; must be thoroughly competent* in
both suits and cloaks. ; Address Cloak, box 67.
Call Office.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED —LAPY SOLICITORS FOR AN
i. article desired by all married ladies: > sells it-
self; big profits. Call to-day. ALLEN, 850 Market
St., room 17.
I^IRsT-CLASS TAILORKSS WANTED ON
x fine custom coats; also an apprentice. 823
Grary st
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
J. work and children. 1001 McAllister st.
TfIRST-CLASS TAIi_ORESS; WORK BY THE
X week; apply early. 667 Market au
1 )RKSSMAKER FOR THE COUNTRY: FARE
XJ paid. Cart bet. 9 and 10 to-day, McDOWELL
Dressmaking School. 636 Market st.
n IRL TO DO HOUSEWORK AND COOKING;
VJ wages $15. Apply 740 Caatro at.
MEAT PROTESTANT GIRL FOR - LIGHT
J-^ housework: wa. 6i $8. 2323 Howard su, beu
Nineteenth and Twentieth.
GIHL FOR HOUSEWORK: PLAIN COOK-
Ing; small washing; $20. 721 Ellis st.
"YOUNG GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING AND
x housework; wages $15; references. 1533
Geary st. •• - . . -
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
general housework. Inquire 29 Bartlett su
APPRENTICE GIRL=> WANTED ON COATS.
-HL 106 Battery at. . -
"V OUNG GIRL. TO LEAKS TAILOR TRADE.
X Call after 9a. M. L 516 Geary st. • '; ' t
\V ANTED-PUPILS FOR BKST MILLIN.-.RY
• » school in city ; teacher of 10 years' experience;
laree class now forming for fall work: large work-
room ; references given. 410 Leavenworth st.
f >lKs TAILOREBS WANTED. AP-
ply BOWH AY, 604 Sotter at.
HAIR-DRESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
XX given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell St., 106 9th.
AIRPKESaING. "250 AND Ssc; MOENIK3
and eve classes: lQlca»ons.sl 60. 1248 Mission.
TTiLYNN'S PRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
\f OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
"- 1 - " '^cheater House, 44 Third et., near Market:
. .100 re-eras; V!6c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
)it we : irp» 'bus and baggagw loand from ferry.
r.iALE HELP WANTED.
Di s n w a s her7sT a^wl^f^TcXliTearlyl
XJ 2 bell boys, call early; dishwasher. $20 and
room; waiter, $1 perday; colored waiter. $25 and
room: shoemaker; waiter, $25 and room; waiter,
$4 a week; elderly man for light work; dish-
washer, $6 a week. MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU
COOK FOR PRIVATE lOARPING-HOUSE,
\J $60; second cook, restaurant, $60: pantryman,
country hotel. $20; dishwashers, pot washers, vec-
etablmeu and others. C. R. HANBEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. .
\\T A TED— PASTRY COOK FOR THE COUN-
" try. $50; cook for small place, $8 a week;
waiter, first-class place, must speak French, $40;
plain hotel waiter. $25 to $30, etc L. ANDRE.
316 Stockton sU — ~;
— " =350 HI
MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK GRAPES,
dry and box raisins, work In wine cellars, pack-
ing-houses, etc, $20 to $23 per month and found;
this job Is for a large banxlng syndicate: 3 months'
job: call at onto: fares and fees reduced. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 c:ay st.
"I ft WAITERS (FOR COFFEE - HOUSES,
x\J hotels and restaurants, city and country, $30
and $25; 6 hotel cooks, if 4o and $60; 3 dish-
washers. $15 and $20; camp cook, $40; second
cook, $25. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
LACKSMITH FOR A RANCH: 6 RANCH
-»-» teamsters, $20 and $25: 5 farmers, $15, $20
and $25: 2cnoremen: 10 drillers: 6 hammermen:
20 tiemasers. Ml' AY A READY, Leading
Employment Agen:s, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— 6O ORAPE-PICKERS. $20 PER
."» month and board, good long job; 60 bean-
pullers, 70a a day an d b~ard. near city 50 men,
women and children to pick hops, near city, office
fees only 6l»c; man to- take contract to pick grapes;
butter-maker, $30 a month and found; also farm-
ers, milkers, cooks, w Alters and dishwashers. W.
D. EWER <fc CO., 626 Clay st.
WASTED-BUTCHER TO BUY SHOP OR
" take half Interest, short distance in country;
ox teamster. $B0 and found; la farmers, $15 to
$20, long job: boy for. vegetable garden, $10 and
sound; insido servant, private family, B£o and
found; harness-maker, $8 week and room: cooks.
poi ters. waiter? a:id others. Apply J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AILOIi.S' MEAT ROOM. a EL WOOD ST.,
X off O'Farrell, near Mason.
XPEKIENCED CUTTER ON CORSETS.
Ji 1088 Market st. ..
EXPERIENCED HAND AT RUNNING POW-
er paper-cutter. 520 Market.
IF ANTED— A Cm SALESMAN FOR WINKS
' » and liquors; one who has a good family trade
preferred. Address W., box 6 r Call.
LDERLY MAN TO COOK FOB 3 OR 4 MEN.
Call 512 Haight at. at If il
WANTED— STRONG. ACTIVE BOY OF 17
'» to learn the bakery business. Apply 1639
Polk st.
YV ANTED — EXPERIENCED SALESMEN
'» for cur men's clothing department. RA-
PHAELS. *- " ~ ---.->- '. ■
OY TO WASH DISHES; GERMAN PRE-
ferred. 506 Howard st.
■q"fi»;st-class HOUSE PAINTER 1 * want-
-0 ed at Howard su, below Sixteenth.
"Y OUNG BOY FOR CHORES AND CARE OF
X horse and cow; references. 2260 Fifteenth st.
T^IRST-CLASSCOATMAKERBYTHE WEEK;
X apply early. 567 Market sU :• '
"yOUNG MANfl'O LEARN BARBER TRADE.
X Address K. box 58. Call Office.
SHOEMAKER WANTED ON PEGGED
shoes. 202 Fifth st.
. W A N T E D— MAN ;Ur<DEt{BTANDS POTTED
'' plants In nursery work. 612 Haight st.
OA BUGLERS FOR A BUGLE BAND; NOT
£*\J necessary to be first-class. Address 8., box
19, Call Office. , . : :
"ANTED— PKUO CLERK, CALL AFTER 9
*T A m. A. c. DREWITZ, cor. Eddy and Taylor.
BOY WANTED TO WORK IN BUTCHER-
shop. 415 Geary at.
%»/■ ANTED— SOLICITORS FOR "LIGHT," THE
' ' American weekly. Apply 1203 Market st.
T> AP.BER-SHOP CHAIRS; OTHER BUS-
XJ lness: living-rooms: low rent. 724 Octavla st.
"1/ IIIST-CLABS SHAVING PARLiR; REAS-
X' on able: Al location. Apply Call Ofllce.
'IEAPY, TRUSTWORTHY MAN AS CASH-
ierlnwell paying restaurant; $125 required.
Apply 632 MarKets',., room 8.
\Y ANTED— SOBER, RELIABLE MAN JOB
• » a position of soma trust: must be able to :
drive and willing to do a little hard work; a steady
job at good wages; small bond or cash security
required. E. P., box 82, this office.
VVr anted-stea"dy MAN to work in
" store; steady position; salary $16 per week,
with future increase; must have $100 cash. Ap-
ply 917 Market st. .room 2.
A NINPUSTRIOUSLAPY WANTS A SINGLE
-* »- man as partner in good-paving coffee- saloon,
ch'phouse and home-made bakery with $125
Capital. Address J. P., box 82, this office.
MAN WILLING TO WORK FOR HIMSELF;
must have $25. T., box 15, Call Office.
JO D H N I VY M E N BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
BAKBKKS' PROTECTIVE "Clf lON EMPLOY-
meat Becrftf.ry. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
BAKBEKS-iolt EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 326 Grant aye.
BARBEKS— 2-CHAIB SHOP FOR SALE. $75;
XJ rent, Including gas, $10. 1932 Market st.
GERMAN OR SWISS MAN AND WIFE, NO
r children, for milk ranch: man good milker; 36
cows: wdrnan good, plan, clean cook, for 12 men;
no washing; steady place; $40. Address N. W..
box 15, Call OlHce.
\VA.\TKI)- AN ENERGETIC YOUNG MAN
''for a domestic department: none others need
apply. 523 Market st., room 7, bet. 3 :30 and ti p. it.
SAILORS wanted AT LANE'S. 604 DAVIS
street.
TEAKS, CHOI'S. ETC.: 6 DISHES FOR 6 ;
cents. 635 Clay at.. Big Yellow Front.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OP
_»' some simple thing to patent? Protect your ]
ideas; they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
,\V U.DPERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor- |
neys, Waabinzton. D. c, for I heir $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted. .
W A TED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
»' Marino Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
Dot less tn»n 5 feet 6 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
writ*' and speak English properly; only citizens of
the v cited states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offers special iuducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recrul.lng Office, 20 Ellis su, San Francisco. CaL
IVS. W i v ' A1 ' n O HOUSE. 765. MISSION BET.
J. and 4th— Single furnished rooms, nlsht 15c to
60c;week $1 tos2 50;readlng-room;strlctest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all nighu
YV A^ l rt;o — MEN TO . LKARN BARBER
»' trade: only 8 weeks reanlred; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard.
V\r A TED— SO MEN FOR 'SINGLE ROOMS;
' ' $1 weeic. 25c-night. 321 Ellis st: Rosedaie.
M^ K>S HALF-SOLING, 60&: LADIES, 400.;
ir done while you walt - 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck's.S.F-
"DOOMS 160 To 760 PER NIGHT: 500 TO »1 60
Xt per week. Oriental. 225 PrummaU
CURSING OUT, NEW AND SECOND-HAND
\J shoes at SOc on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard st. •■-'•■
W ANTE -500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
' ' hoots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
1 ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
-»^ on hand; shoes to order, *3 50; hand-sewea
shoes. $5. 726^ Howard su, beu Third and Fourth
\V it NClllis ' I 'EUJIOUSK. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
'» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T7 lV ACME HOUSE. . f157 MARKET ST.. BE-
■*- low felxtli. for a room; l!6c a night: $1 a week.
I ( INUELL UOUS.E,. KIXTU AND HOWARD
-' ' »:a. ; eingle inrnlsned ran : 75c week, 16c nighu
I? S.-REJU O V>.P . FROM 609 CLAY ; TO ; 643
•*-*• t»ay; bottle wine or boer with hot lunch, 6c.
.. HELP WANTED— Continued.
Tf\A^fT^B^lA^oTuSßS~^N3^lE^H^i?lic9
" » to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, etlll runs Denver House, 217 Third au; 140
large rooms: 250 per plght; $1 to $3 per weeg. '
"I I|A MEN TO TAKE LODGING 'AT .100, 14c
X \i and 200 a nlghu Including \ coSeo ana rolls.
tS4 Washington at., near Kearny.
"DEST IN CITY- -SING' ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
X> 25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 60 per week,
Pacific House. Commercial and Leidesdorft sts.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A PAY: $1
*"«ek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a waeic;
reading-room: daily papers. 30 Clay su .
\\ AN TO FEEP j\l AM it A'1 V X' AW S'i.'OUK i OOP;
xl all grocers keen It.
\\T ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'" ♦rs&clerks. KNOX Collectiou Agcy. 110 Sutler
W K AXE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
. •' your o'd shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait; ladles' aolelng, nailed 35c; men's
solelng. nailed 50c; machine-sewed 75c.; hand-
sewed 65c; fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been aamaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
$2 60. 662 Mission su. bet. First and second.
partners WANTED.
wXntep) a^^arlFne^^lr^tCclass
' ' restaurant; fashionable seaside health resort;
must be experienced: this is more essential than
capital. Write A., box 60. Call Office.
• AGENTS WANTED.
fiANVASSERS WITH BRAINS AND ABIL-
V lty; 11 to 12. H. CLARK. 625 Mission st.
pHILLS AND FEVER CURED IN HALF A
v^ 1 day without quinine: recipe for 50c: agents
wanted. A. CHARLTON. Kelseyville, CaL
GENTS; Bro MONEY; LATEST PROPOSI-
tIon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sotter st.
AGENTS — "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
xV of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-ln-
chlef of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book of
tbe century: apply at once for choice of territory.
F. PERSON, • Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St.
ROOMS WANTED^
IOR 2 WITIi"^iS^OF~KTTCHEN^
for housegeeplng. Moderate, box 8, Call. .
PROPERTY WANTED.
V^ANTEd"— CHEAf 'FOR' CASHrSMALLTM^
»» proved ranch. Price and particulars R., box 8,
Call Office.
FLATS WANTED.
4 OR 6 UNFUR^fIS^IED^ao^M^~NO~IiTH~OF
Market by steady young couple; respectable;
state price: low as possible. Address Y. A. Z., box
77. Call Office. . ■
STORES WANTED.
QMALL CORNER STORE WITH 3 HEALTHY
0 living-rooms, a, box 3, Call Office.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— BY RESPONSIBLE PEOPLE, A
small hotel and bar Iv country to rent fur-
nished; not less than 15 to 25 rooms. Write fully
to W. R. H., box 80, Call Office.
ANTED — OLD MAID VENTRILOQUIAL
figure; state price. S. W. c. box a. this office.
OLD gold and silver BOUGHT: jewel-
ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at. : send postal.
LOST.
LOST — BLACK AND TAN DEERHOUND
XJ bitch: return to 811 Howard st.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco in
the name of MARYBLANCHETTE;No. 1691152.
he finder will please return to the bank.
j 1 OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
I XJ r-avlngs and Loan Society 01 San Francisco in
the name of ROSE CORCORAN, No. 107425. The
finder will please return to bank.
———_____ ______ .
BICYCLES.
j SECOND-HAND BAR *A I A\VFORIT
j O $30: Barnes, $55; Ben Hur, Ladies', »50; Fow-
ler, $56: Ladies' Fowler "-96," a bargain; also
j others. DA VIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
IGH-GRADE 2D-HAND WHEKLS $25 OP;
sundries below cost- 216 McAllister. i,
Very FINE '96 BICYCLE for $20. David
N. HAWLEY. 318 Market sU _^^
If ARGAJX IN A STEARNS TANDEM: ALSO
1 > single wheels. 306 Post su
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEKLS TO JuET;
beat accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho-
Alllster und Powll st. <ar lines.
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
"VTO. 6 COOKING-STOVE, CHEAP. 235 BTE-
Xi venson st.
\\r ill" EXCHANGE for UPRIGHT PIANO,
• • fine horse and business bugey. 814 Larkin st
T7»INE GORDON SETTER PUP, 4 MONTHS
X old; 2 heavy workhorses, double harness; ca-
n»ry biros and Maltese kittens. 1612 Steiner st. i
1 f\(\ LAYING HENS AND PULLETS. AP-
±\J\J ply at JOHNSON'S, bet. Ocean View and
Colma.
QIO POME-TIC MACHINE: COMPLETE;
<T5X_. in good order. 2437 Mission su, near
Twenty-h'rsU
ECOND- HAND~TINN TOOLS FOR
0 sale cheap at 1055 Clay st., Oakland.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
C COFFEE -HILL, SCALES, LETTER PRESS.
./' stand desk, money till, ; safe, cheap. 102 Clay. ',
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES ANPRAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit: get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First st,
near Mission.
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
$45: others from $20 up. BEVALK, 409 CaL
I . OILERS, ENGINEa.2D-HANPMACHINERY
XI waterpipes. "-Iclntosh <fc Wolpman. 137 Beau*.
rjOUNTKKS, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
V-^'bars bought &. sold. 1121% Mark t. bet 7th & Bth
A LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
A cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenincs. S. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shaft! etc. W. L. SAN FORD.
415 Washington at.
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
£i gine: good as new; $90. Apply 1 5 Bay sU
 UILDINUS BOUGHT: Lu"MBERT"SAdHia
' doors, mantels, etc far sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE x-MAi-L AIKDIUJi AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof yafe. 09. 11l Market %:.
IVEW BANG Ed CHEAPER THAN HECONU-
I* hand. *'. S. RAY Mfg Co.. la California »v
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
JT^ rentPd. repaired: lowest rates. ¥05 Fourth su
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO- LADIES BUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment-
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes then sick to make thenrwell-
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times: home in confinement. DR. & MRS
DAVIES. 14 McAllister st.; next Hibernla ■ Bank'
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2-
hours from 9 a. x. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-"
stored in a few hour*; safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate phy-
Kician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used: ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-"
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female ttoubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man'gphyslclan. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
T ADIES, CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return mail-
at druggist's. ChlchesterCbem. Co.. Philadelphia. j
DB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF '
diseases of women and restores all cases of I
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
nochurce; separate home for patients; best skill •
low fees: regulator $2. 904 McAllister sU
LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
lades troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; •' $2 50 express C. O. P.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOP BKOS.. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. DR. WEGKNKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all . female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su.
SURE CURE FOR PISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home ie confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. Dll. GWYiiit, 226 Turk su
MRS. J. ; A.ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. ■ 655 Mis-
sion st. - . . - ■ - ' : .-
/"I ATA RRH AND STOPPED-UP NOSE CURED
VA.L WHEELOCK, 614 Kearny st.
RS. M. E. ROPGERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
DR. DORA GRAY— ALL FEMALE" COM-
plaints restored: cure guaranteed. 327 Eddy.
IF IRREGULAR OKA.N V FEMALE Di-EASE
seeMRS.PR. PUETZ and be content. "54^ 4th.
1 R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children. -
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
.rpR.FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
- . . '■ PHYSICIANS. ~~~
R. C. O'PON NELL, 1206 MARKET, COR
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women n specialty.
I \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
TYPEWRITERS. ~
pAMGRAPiI,SIS: REMINGTON, $35. SCOTT
\J & BAN NAN, 333 Montgomery st.
2E512S 88 CHANCES.
sft 2000 PARTNER WELL ESTABLISH'
$jiTi/wit£* & p |n 8 "very business: fine lo-
cality, with cheap rent, and any one wishing to
engage In a business of this kind it will pay to ln-
vestigate. - T. LUBELSKI* 7 City Hall aye.
$700 ££ STA URANT TAKING IN $20 TO
tip I KI\J. $25 perday: rent $40 i>er month: the
best restaurant bU3lness ever offered in San Fran-
LUBEL^Kl^CuTk'aTa'vV 61 "^ Bicknww - x -
-$7OO. 2™ °» p 8^;
business of $40 per day; estlb«shed^ 28 years- h^!
always mad ei money, stand full investigation-
reason for soiling, owner moving into own nropl
n }? i a i 1(1 any one wanl »ng a business of this kind
will find on investigation all that is claimed for it-
this is a rare chance. T. LtTBELSKI, 7 Uty Hall
avenue. * ■"■•*"
G?l OHO partner IN well-estab-
©lUUU. llshed office business: the only ob-
ject In taking partner is to extend the business^
Inveatiga-.lon will show this to be rare chance- a
sKl,°? P C°"y U H l ai'laTe. energeUC man - T '"^UBEL-
I HAVE GOT A FINE $10,000 BUSINESS LOT
X In Alameda to trade for city property clear or
will assume mortgage. T. LUUKLSKI, 1 City
•^l7OO CORNER GROCERY AND Bar:
r «7 *Vy% choicest location: Western Addition-
rent $30; doing large cash trade; must be sacri-
ficed: owner going to Guatemala: fullest investi-
gatlon given. WILKE <fc WOLF. 531 California.
% 'SOO RESTAURANT ON KEARNY ST~
iv * actual value * 12 00; rent $50; owner
called East on account of sickness. WILKE 631
California sU '
$2500 PARTNER IN OLD ESTABLISH-"
JPfOVV. Ed and good-paying barroom: only
first-class trade; straight bit house; rare chance
for the right man. WILKE A WOLF, 531 Cat aU
<2»flOO SALOON DOING LARGE BUSI-"
<?""«• ness; one block from water front- rant
$50. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California su'
ift'2oo SALOON ON KEARNY ST.; GOOD
ff£ »V* day and lftrße n nt trade; great bar-
galn. WILKE, 631 California su
<2»1 7C CANDY-STORE AND ICECREAM
«pj- I U. parlor: railroad station, Oakland: first-
clasa paying. WILKE ft WOLF, 631 California.
•ft Z\0() CORNER GROCERY AND BART
<pu\J\J. living-rooms: rent $30; dolnc good
business; choice location. WILKE <& WOLF 531
California st. ■ '
<ftlOO ci gar-stand: north MARKET":
i-\J\J. rent $15; anap. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
QKCIOO PAYING COUNTRY BAKERY; NR.
<B)O\J\J. San Francisco; bakes 1% barrels-
hlKh-clai>s4rade; 5 living-rooms; stable; rent $20:
trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
0* I *iri BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
<ff)!Z.<J. store; rent $15. SKIFF, 921 Markeu
QiAftCl HOME BAKERY; CLEARS $100 A
tii>'±\J\J. month: rent $17. SKIFF, 921 Market.
<B» I f)(\ MEAT MARKET, FISH AND VEGE-
«iP n\J\J. table stand; one of the nicest and best
located stands in town; 4 living-rooms; elegantly
fitted up: trade averages $20 per day; strictly
cash: if you want a nice paying investment; see
this. GEO. STEWART, 602 |Market at.
QJO^A COFFEE-SALOON, BAR AND
tG)«_>«JU. lunch-house, best location in this City
for that line of business; nicely fitted up; fine
range; cheap rent: receipts $15 to $18 perday:
cheap at $500. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market sU
AURANT-BEST LOCATION BUSI-
XV ness center: guaranteed paying business; full-
est investigation allowed: trial given If desired:
leaving town: account sickness. PROLL & CO..
719 Market st.
<fl» AR A BARGAIN: CIGAR STORE: PROMl-
<pttc»V/.nent Market-street corner; excellent
business: owner six year"; no nightlor Sunday
work. Pito LL A CO., 719 Market sU
TTi NTION! BARGAINS TO-DAY BY W.
F. HEALY, 23 Kearny Hotel, 34 rooms,
newly furnished, across the bay, commanding a
beautiful marine view, first-class In oil depart-
ments, offer wanted : partner in a business clear-
ing $120 1 er month, $200. trial given to party de-
siring to purchase; I have saloons, groceries and
bnr and all kinds of business opportunities for sale.
OTKL TO LEASE FOX A TERM OF} YEARS;"
new 6-story and basemen: brink, building, con-
taining J'B rooms; also ground-floor and well-
l!gh:c-d basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to B. BILVERBERG, 320
Eansome at- room 39.
"'OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X lished liquor-saloons In the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order: has a fine day and night trade- situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached: sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. -M., box 100. Call Office. \
BARGAIN: $100; BRANCH BAKERY,
candy, notions, laundry, stamp agency, etc.:
6 rooms tec bath: rent $16; established over 6
yean, well paving business; only cause of selling.
■Ugnesß. 2424 Market sU
T ADY WITH MEANS WOULD LIKE GEN-
XJ tleman partner to help purchase fine-estab-
lished pß^yirg business: will furnish equal amount
of money; capital required $1500. X., box 15,
Call Oflic?.
GOOD OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
man in rapidly growing neighborhood, corner
Third aye. and Clement st., with 4" rooms; Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANGERS, lOx California st
$^OnO WANT TO INVEST IN A MAN-
«Jpt.»UWU ufacturing enterprise: 76 per cent
profit; open to Investigation. Address P. E. ADE-
LADK, general delivery, San Francisco.
SMALL CHICKEN RANCH AND COW FOP.
O sale, cheap; furnished 4-room house, and barn;
2 acres in fruit trees: beautiful place; cheap rent.
766 East Thirty-fifth su. East Oakland.
<{{• (\ NEW INVENTION FOR SALE; AU-
ijF*J\J. tomatic safety gascock attachment: uni-
versally needed; no money to Introduce it. S.
FOWLER, 276 Tehama sU
GOOD PAYING FAMILY WINE AN LIQUOR
VX store; established 10 years: rent cheap: sold
account of too much other business. For particu-
lars apply 20 Lafayette st.
ipOR SALE— A BARGAIN; GOOD CHANCE
X for the right party: a cyclery close by the park,
with cheap rent. Inquire at 143 Berry St., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
ANTED— TO LEASE OR RENT, KITCHEN
and store in an uptown department house, or
lower flat with store; well lighted. Address S. C.
box 82, Call Office. • .
wanted— partner WITH $500 to EN-
'» large a good-paying fruit and grocery store in
country town: no triflers. Address box 479,
Healdsburg, Cal.
STATIONERY, NOTIONS, SCHOOL SuF
plies; bakery: candy; postal agency; 5 fur- |
nished rooms. Gough-street Bazaar, cor. Lily aye. I
QjOf|A PHOENIX RESTAURANT, 2730
iip*J\J\J. Fillmore at.: owner has 2 places: part
cash; established 15 years; make offer; trial given.
ffi»O£. AVERAGE WEEKLY' NET INCOME
«IP< *J $260 Invested: safe, conservative; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293 Broadway. N.Y.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. COWAN BUYS
-f» stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
I-<OR SALE-RESTAURANT. DOING A BUSl-
ness of $20 to $25 per day: must be sold on ac-
count of sickness. Apply at 6 Golden Gate aye.
X RAY— RELIABLE PARTNER WITH $400
wanted for cathode-ray exhibit; big money.
Address hoentgen, box 9. call Office. Oakland.
E s T A U R A N T AND oYSTER-HOUSUi
cheap: fine location; rent $20: must be sold on
account of sickness. 411 O'Farrell st.
ffi» Q^7T "FOR SALE; STATION CIGAR,
*$)OU\J. notion and new* store; corner store In
Mission. Address S. P., box 116. Call Office.
IF you Want to buy or sell a res-
tanrant, saloon or any kind of business see
UNDERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market st.
0" LP-ESTABLISHED SALOON; FITTED UP
In first-class style: best location in city; must
be sold. Apply 643 Mission st.
ALOON — $400: RARE OPPORTUNITY;"
. roust sell, as my oth»>r business demands my
entire attention. Apply 209 El Us sU •• ; ,
ELIABLE WOMAN; PARTNER; GOOD
restaurant;* small capital required. Apply
call Office. " y '
OAlk HALF INTEREST IN SALOON;
O\J(l. city front: present owner prefers part-
ner to hired help. STENBERO <& CO., 632 Mnrkeu
BAKERY. CANDY, STATIONERY. NOTION"
dry goods; 2 living- rooms; cheap. 1307
Buchanan.
SALOON OPPOSITE REAR ENTRANCE OF
the Emporium: a good bargain. Apply 845
Jessie sU ' T j ~
<% f -?Onn FOR ha lf interest IN A man"
<$d\J\J\J ufacturing business. 328 Bush st
room 4. ..-.-■. •
Sk'-lOft BARGAIN: SALOON; TRANSFER
<jpOW. place; fine stock liquors. 805 Howard.
O ALOON: LON< i LEASE; LOW R I- NT — 17
O ply at Union Brewery, Eighteenth and Florida.
AKERY, CANDY, STATIONERY, NOTION^
dry goods and laundry office. 1800 Union su -
AIKY AND PRODUCE . BUSINESS- 4 Liv-
ing-rooms; for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st. ■
KRCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
bought by J. C. MUTHER, 63-' Market, rm72.
GENTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of some means. 1 Fifth su. room 12.
VyELL-PAYING HAND LAUNDRY FOB
M sale; mnst be sold at once. 109 Hayes st. -
pOMPLETE SHuEMAKER'S SHOP WITH
\J tools, cheap. 438 Turk st.. near Larkln"
pHEAP DAIRY PRODUCE STORE. BAKERY'
\J and laundry office. Apply Call Office. 1 1
PALACE STOKE KOR SALE; BAR-
X gain. Address E. & AMES, Ukiah, Cal. ~
GOOD, OLD ESTABLISHED '"DOWNTOWN
restaurant for sale. Apply Call Office: "
lV^e L? 7H*? : El) ; li UO « STORE FOR
xt sale. 732 Devisadero st., cor. Fulton.
G OOP, OLD-ESTABLISH DOWNTOWN
restaurant (or sale. 706 Howard st.
Xj gs3s capital. 223 Post su, room 1.
B U tu T r^^nffi^BCToS V si TH ° UTFIX
R^raK^pCROSSTHEBAY. IN-
Fl^J « A^° ON tOR BAL£ CHEAP. APPLY
-I- 1342 Market st. ,■ : ■ : ■
/-JHEa'P-a FINE CIGAR STAND. 811 BUSH
\J street.
BUSINESS CHANCES- Continued.
mo buy7selX?)r~exchange a business
1 of any kind, see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
/GROCERY AND BAR: OLD ESTABLISHED;
VX cheap rent; great bargain If sold this week.
See GUS STRAND, 45 Third St.
ARE CHANCE TO PURCHASE A FlRST-
class saloon at a moderate price, for proprietor
has to leave for Europe Immediately. Apply 10
GUS STRAND. 45 Third st. .^
QiUl RtSTAURANT; BEST LOCATION
rJpOUU. on.' Kearny St.; full value in sight;
guaranteed to clear over $300 per month; don't
miss this bargain. See GUS STRAND, 46 Third.
T E\V SPA PER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY.
* i close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
LODGING-HOrSES FOB SALE.
99 ROOMS; CORNER HOUSE: NEW...S 450
1 <^^90 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $160. .3700
18-room house on Sixth st 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C. DECKER <te CO.. 1020 Market
at, opposite Fl'th.
O£»-R00M HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
00 kind of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
"I {-ROOM HOUSE: 1 FLOOR ALL OFFICES;
X\J only $450; must sell. DECKER. 1020 Market.
1 n-ROOM HOUSE: NEW FURNITURE; A
XV bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
')') NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500
~— ' 16 rooms: clear l $50 -• 250
is rooms: making money 475
130 rooms; clearing $500./. 7000
10 rooms; clearing $60. ......■.....'..'..:.' 300
UNDERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market st.
TT U ,?,£ IBHED "HOUSES: 12"TO 130 ROOMS;
X $300 to $10,000. PHELPS <fe CO., 917 Larkin.
sft 1 fSO 7 - °OM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
MPXOV/. St., corner of Fifth.
I FURNITURE OF 6 ROOMS FOR SALJfis
X flat to let. 214 Sixth st.
9'J> KOOMS; CORNER HOUSE; WELL FUR"
$160 nlg 2 h 3 l d 4ecoud O t U Permanent rOOm6rS; ***
<Ss9so LV £2 R "'ROOM LODGING-
JV/ house; good location ; very small rent-
always full; must be sold this week 230 Minna?
94.-ROOM LODUINU-HOUSE; CHEAP OS
*-<± account of sickness. 8.. box 15 Cafl Office.
T O DOING-HOUSE; BARGAIN; 15 BOOMS;
J J nicely furnished: corner house. 303 Kddy st.
KIRNITUKE FOR SALK.
~T?'IRE' A SA.L"£'"r "^^^~-^ >~>~~.~ ■> .■ i , . ., > > ,.,,
S»JS£ m - etana m good, are comniet^ **•
Oak bed 5et5.............. aim™
Bed 10unge5.. ....... ' " 'a?,™
stoves !...." ?5n
Carpets, per yard '..'.".*.*.!.'.'" 55
Linoleum, per yard ".'" «
Matting, per yard ~ ?2
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand, lilleuch time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh ana Mission at* J.
noon an.
I FURNITURE OK 6-ROOM FLAT AT A SA&
rlflce. 538 Natoma, upper flat.
401) CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS. $lT r
p uv/ stoves, $5: parlor gets, 820: folding-beds!
$10; bar outfits. T. P. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household gnods, new or good
as new; ca»a or time, open evenings.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TH*
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
~ FURNITURE WANTED.
ASH PAID FOR "ENTIRE HOUSES OR
\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, eta J
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal?
0 FFICE FURNITURE— WILL PAY HIGHEST
price* for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission at.
mo SELL iru k n iturFto VANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERSTi-J1N.969 Howard su ;send postal
BUCKING AM FURNITURE CO PAYS
highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNt-
tnre and merchandise gee BURP, -211 Larkln.
TNDIANa AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
CARPET CLEANING.
JONES <fc CO., MAIN~OFFICE~26~~aSp~27
ti Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
3C A YARD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPKT
O Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st.
CARPET CLEANING, Sc.; LAYING, 3c.; RU»
samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama st. ; teL So. 40.
/ IONKLIN 'S CARPET KEATING WORK* JJJ
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
C'UTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
I ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATKQ
' like aew. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth- t*L
couth 38. P. mackintosh CO.. anccessors.
} E. MITCHELL CARPKT CLEAN ING CO.. -Jilt
*>_. J<t!> we :ol can Int He « vnrrt. 'Jet. Minnlon 71.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
END ADDRESS AND GET A PRESENT.
O. box 110, Oakland. •
lUNE UPRIGHT, CAREFULLY USED, $150~
also Steinway, Chase Bros, and others. Rood
condition. THE J. DEWING COMPANY sec-
ond floor, Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
%1 JA STANDARD UPRIGHT; COST $475^
<iI7X^V/. on $6 installments. 221 Leaven worth.
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS— PIANOS AT a"
Xt sacrifice to promptly close out stock; Knabe
Haines and Bush * Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT <fe
CO., 324 Post su
N IMMENSE STOCK OF x\EW ..Nu hEI."
ond-band pianos from leading makers: no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours is the oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago: call or write. KOHLER <t CHASE, 28
O'Farrell su, San Francisco. > . ,
CTUaLLY THE BIiST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; see our list for this week; pianos on $3
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10. $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
A 4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
x*. Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos; these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
?3, $4. $5. $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $12, $15: $20 and
$25 per month; the best of every grade from lowest
prices to Steinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments ? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover included: no charge for drayage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN.
Xr A :r£?" cor Xe "iy and Suttw sts.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland. Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacittc Const.
0" N ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
Into my own building, at 526 Haves at, between.
Octavla and Laguna, where I can now display
ever four times the amount of instruments than
formerly ; as I buy tor cash and In carload lota
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house in San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
A LL MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
e rs' Pi 7 a 6 n 9 O3 a ia orkl°s0 rkl°sU and ** B<Ue *"' * 6
\f A-ONLFICKNT STKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Ml Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Nessa
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CASH.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
Sftl BL ' KLKI) WALNUT UPRIGHT POS-
<PXUU. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
\y G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR HALLET
' ' .«& Davis and Francis Ba con pianos, 406 Sac' to
( }WICK.ERINU, KNABE, STKCK.VOSB. BTBR-"
v/ lias pianos; see our new piano lor $187; pianos
!Qr rent. BENJ. CURTAZ 1 son, ltf O'FarreU
X>YIION MAUZY, 308 POST ST._SOHMSa7
-v Newby A Evani. Briggs and other pianos.'
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLDANKW
»J H.-MULLRR. maker, repairer, a Latham place.
... HORSES. ~
PO R SATE^GIIT^oTDT^Airc^BTrXcKS^
a. standard bred; also standard-bred bay mare,
well broken; must be sold. Can be seen at 347
.Eremont su, and trial given.
rpjlE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA.
x lencia su. Is the place to go If you want to buy,
sell or exchange horses, bugsies, wagons or harn-
ess: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
*JU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
T El BOLD HAHNEaS COMPANY: 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
"1 KA SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAH-
x.\j\J ness, all kinds; wagons. Doggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; most be sold. 1128 Mission ss
T A ROE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER
Xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
P.A/A SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND IiAR-
%J\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy. waeon, carts, surrey
Arockawav. 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES Fort SALE; ALSO WAGONS -
"Ivy buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 SlxUi si. ; auction sales every Wedn«t>
«la;-. SULLIVAN A DoYLK. Auctioneers.
~^_ "WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOB SALE-LIGHT TwAGON, ALSO BUSfr
ness buggy, cheap. 903 Golden Gate aye.
OCKAWAY AND FINE PHAETON FOB
sale. Apply 1311 California st.
rpo TRADE— A LIGHT BUGGY FOR LIGHT
X business wagon. 813 Stockton. .
r SALE, AT EASTERN" PRICES, FINE
X l . carriages .of i every desc iptlon ; I cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co.. 46-48 Bth su, 8. F.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
FRANK SHA V, ATTORNE Y-AT-LAW. ROOM
421. fonr.h floor. Parrott building (Emporium).
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOM?
26 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Mala
75, Ban Francisco, Cal. . ■ ■■
JOHN R. AJ.TKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER?
utt.vs at law. mis 616. 16. sil» Uoor.Parrott blda!HOUSES TO LET.
1 ~i~\ ! JHi-iTK-lfTa — A BAfWIKDOW
* * v house of 9 rooms and bath, handsomely
papered and painted throughout; large yard and
basement; pleasant outlook and surrounding:
P-3L t b_us?& <a - to - APP ' yK - MCELROY.*
%25 HOUSE r 6 rooms, ""bathTbase-
V —«->. ment and yard. 521 Page St.
pON VEHSEST , BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH,
wJgon^nd 1 o", fl Kr » n nan ~ 4 rooms and stable for
- agon^ajKl 2 horses.
ON V E N ItTirT HOUSK 8 ROOMS: $23: NICE
V location. 1319 Webster St., near O'J-'arrell.
TTUUSE 9 HOOM%, bath, USE marine
-»-»■ view. $50. 1920 Broadway, near Laguna.
Th \ 7.?;? TORY HOUSE. S ROOMS AND
bath. 1-..1 Golden Gate aye.
tJ $wemhst. XT OF HOUSE; 4 ROOM 211
TJOUSE 6 ROOMS; BATH: LARGE STABLE;
XX yard; »16. 913 Fourteenth St.
426 £ To - N "-HOUHE " 4 BOOMS; RENT
SCOTT, 1106 — HOUSE SIX ROOMS AND
oath: sun all day; rent reduced.
1 QAQ SUITER — SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
— . kj\j t/ rms. ; bath: fine garden: rent reasonable.
Q9(l 2814 LAGUNA ST.: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
YD~ V. $14—1831 Union st.; house 4 rooms.
CIHKAP ELEGANT RESIDENCE-. SW. COR.
' California and Lacuna sts. Go see It..- -
•pfOUSEI* TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
-LI- money at BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND'S, 10
'■ Montgomery St. ;;.i~;-;' «
cottages to let.
! 'ounny'mod er ?Tc6tta gETbooijs~and
0 bath; large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
<&Q ARMY ST., Ml. POTRERO AYE.-5
%}tJ. rooms and stable. NICOL, 534 Vi Calif or-
nia st.
$](*) f\(\ COT I' AGE IN TOWN: 3 TAY 6T.,
■ tJPXU.OU. pg Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
COTTAGE — 4-ROOM COTTAGE: GAS AND
/ bath; $16: fine view. 123 Liberty st.
SUNNY COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 BOOMS, BATH,
basement, stable, Alleen aye., off 15th »u,nr.
Dolores.
9Q94. MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE JS
— r^— ' rooms and bath; yard ;flower garden ; $18.
T3KDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
X\> Geary, Sutter. Frank'in and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. -.
FLATS TO LET.
1 F YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAtToR
-»- cottage, see me: I have some nice furnished
' cottages to let. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
A PPRECIATED IF SEEN ; CHOICE SUNNY
fi- corner: 6 big rooms: bath; $20; water free.
Vpply Drug Store. 1722 Howard su, near 13th.
B«1Q SUNNY MIDDLE FLAT 4 ROOMS,
UP _.<_■.- bath and yard. 10 Shotwell, near 14th.
LOWES BAY-WINDOW FLAT 5 LARGE
rooms: yard. SO -loss st., between Sixth and
Seventh, off Howard.
G»"I 7 UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH. 4059
*$>X I . Nineteenth st., between Hartford and
Castro, near two cars; apply lower flat. ■
(£l7 NEW MODE BAY-WINDOW FLAT
VX I • 6 rooms; bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom.
SUNNY CORNER FLATS: BAND 7 ROOMS:
rent reasonable. 833 Halght and 730 Devisa-
dero gts. . . . '•_ . .
C»"l O NICE FLAT; 4 ROOMS. 14 MOSS
<iP -*-<->» street, bet. 6th and 7th, nr. Howard.
V^EW UPPEit FLAT; NORTH SIDE; SIX
— ' rooms and bath; all sunny; garden and yard.
1022 Thirteenth st.: Halght-st. cars at Scott.
ARE CHANCE FOR A FINE FLAT; CHEAP:
XX $16, $18, $20, $25 and $35; 4 to 8 rooms: por-
celaln bath. Apply 112 Scott st., near Halght.
"VIEW MODERN SUNNY FLAT. SE. COR..
4-* Twenty-fifth and Folsom sts. •,■'<:-:• -..'
CllK BNICEi«OOMS AND BATH; YARD.
0 1 0. 26b ShotweU st.
■"(Bjl /• FINE MODERN FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
Q±U. stable. 135 Fair Oak, nr. Twenty-third.
CCi X NEW SUNNY FLAT : 4 ROOMS,
*3)XO. bath; worth looking at, 1226 Union sL
"I OWER SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 8 ROOMS;
Xi bath; laundry; low rent. 1800 O'Farrell st.
Tj>LAT: ♦ SUNNY BOOM s : ~~bXtH; YARD.
-T 545 Elizabeth, corner Castro.
7£__ FOLSOM oT.; ::iCE FLAT OF 6 BOOMS
i Ul and bath, 818; 786, 4 rooms and bath, $16.
'J97 CLEMENTINA ST.; COZY FLATS OF 4
*->■—< rooms; reduced to $12.
:Qi\i ■ 5 BOOMS:" 12 WEST MISSION ST.
CO. NICOL. 634y 3 California st.
1 XI Vl MISSION. NEAR ELEVENTH-6
.lwlOa large sunny papered rooms; bath;
laundry.
r;i 7 OAK— UPPER FLAT; 6 BOOMS AND
— ' I. I bath: rent r. dticed.
<<«sl (\ UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS, HALL AND
tjP-Ll/. double parlers: reference. 1606%
Stevenson .st., nr. Eighteenth.
ELEGANT FLAT: 7 ROOMS; IS PERFECT
order; moderate rent. 8-7 Howard, nr Fourth.
•;ISA.V-.\VlNX>i>»V:__.A_'; 3 ROOMS. 28 -UTCH
XJ St.. near I hlrd and l-ols>m. --:--!
8 AND 4 -ROOMS: SONY FLATo; BATH";
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post St. -
1-RENCH FLAT, 4 ROOMS: BATH AND STA-
tionary was li tubs. Twenty-third and Guerrero-
QUNNY FLAT 4 KOOMS; LARGE YARD;
cheap to small, quiet family. 828 Harrison st.
.C_ 7 UPPER FLAT 4 ROOMS, YARD, WATER.
tIP * • 1111 Elm aye.. bet. Scott and Pierce s-s.
4 NIC- SUN .NY UUUMS. 630 GREENWICH
«t., near Stockton.
xoaa TURK. Rfc.AK — SUNNY, lpper
O-.U flat; ail light looms; rent $12.
T OWKII SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
4— off Pine st., near Mason; no car fare: $12.
UNNY FLAT; 4 P.OO-LS; $9. 319 DORE ST.,
near Bryant.
■\\' ANTED— 200 GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
»» from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK _
CO., 602 Market st.
LATS TO KENT FoX VKKY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
T OVEIV, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
XJ 5 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third St., 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till further notice.
PEW STEP- FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
■T 6 and 6 rooms: $22 and $30. 14 Grove st.
. HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Capp Street.
9 A CAPP— 2 SUNNY BOOMS: NICE KITCH-
-i" en and small bedroom; furnished complete
for housekeeping.
Dare Street.
OJQ DORP; — 4 LARGE SUNNY UNFCR-
010 nished rooms; $10. ■
Eleventh Streeet.
OAI ELEVENTH. COR. HOWARD— I US-
--"X furnished sunny front corner room.
Ellis Street.
/>QQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— BAY-WINDOW,
Ui)y alcove, folding- bed; gas. bath.
- ' _iit_ Street..
Q1 A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
OH room ana kitchen: bath; yard; private; $11.
QO' FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
O_,U keeping; 2 $10, 3t>l3; single. $5.
First Street.
090 J<IBBT ST., NR. HARRISON (RINCON
O_.OHill)— 4 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing: newly papered and cleaned; gas. water, etc.;
with American family: rent reasonable.
*"oUom f*tree;.
COX FOLSOM — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
OZiO nished room; light housekeeping; $1 76 a
week. ' . ■
'-••"■,v : -'f ':-" ■■..'■' -"niton Street. '
■I -I A FTTLTON— 2 LARGE SrNNY HOUSE-
IiV keeping rooms, complete; large yard; very
cheap. ■
. »-»u»- -jroj..
A , Q GEARY — ENTIRELY RENOVATED-
II U furnished or unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. - ■ _______^_
Guerrero Street.
5 GUERRERO — 2 NICELY - FURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping: cheap; no children.
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIET. OFF HOWARD. NR. SIXTH— 2
rooms, furnished for houiekeeplns: $7.
. , . l_i_:ii sneeL.
A9Q LARKIN— NICKLY FURNISHED AND
"_->>£/ sunny rooms, suite or single; house-eepinc
if desired. . "
JLewii* Street. .
-1 Q LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR.'NR. POST— 3 OR 4
J O unfurnished sunny rooms: $11.
Ma. ket Street.
IAQO MARKET— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
X \JOJj housekeeping rooms, $2 week or $7
month; In rear. . /* -
"" lTlason Street.
•1 f\t-} MASON— PARLOR FLOOR OF 3 NICELY
J.U- . furnished rooms. ' ■ '- ••
ci 1 MASON— TWO large >uknv fur-
-01. X nished rooms for housekeeping; yard, gas,
bath. -■•..•■•♦.■
. Jiim::i .-true-.
00l MINNA, COB. FOURTH— HOU-EKEKP-
Zol ing, very cheap: front double and single.
jm»inn-' ret),.
T 000 MISSION — 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
J __._- nished rodms for light housekeeping;
gas: bath. .
1 OOA MISSION, NEAR NINTH — NICK
J ijZAJ Urge sunny bay-window, housekeeping
rooms; fB, $10 per month.
HOCSEKEEPiyG ROOMS - Continued.
Matoma Street.
7fll NATOMA,' COR.' EIGHTH— THREE
• "-L sunny front rooms, furn shed complete for
housekeeping. ; ■ ■
New Montgomery .street.
lA NEW MONTGOMERY — CHANGED
X\JO hands and renovated; front housekeeping
rooms; cheap. . . . '
Ninth Street.
OH NINTH, NE A R MARKET - FRONT
--V.' suites for light housekeeping, orttingle: grate;
Ifns.
I 'I'm .vIN I in— FKONT PARLOK SUITE, FUR-
J —.— nished for housekeeping: other rooms
cheap. .- -i;
Octavia Street.
"1 A(\O OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY — BAY-
i-TV/O window, folding-bed: kitchen, gas, stove.
Rauach Street.
OH RAUSCH, COR. FOLSOM, BET. SEVENTH
Ot/ and Eighth— Large front room and kitchen;
furnished for housekeeping: $10.
Seventeenth Street.
OJC9 SEVENTEENTH — LARGE FRONT
O:t«JO. room, with alcove and large closet, fur-
nished for housekeeping: rent $8. .-;■-.■:
south ParK.
1 A SOUTH PARK-SUNNY UNFURNISHED
X\J housekeeping rooms. . ....;, .
Stockton aireei.
m STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
rooms for bousekping; $8 and $10 month.
-e_ama' Street.
ODD tehama — furnished rooms for
000 housekeeping.
liiiru Streei.
1 JIO THIRD— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
lit) room complete ; first floor: bath
Washington street.
CAO WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
c/U_j nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE
ly furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap
Miscellaneous.
00l GEARY, ROOM 37- ROOM AND HOUSE
— «— renting agency; no fee for registering.
ROOMS TO LET.
• ;•;:. .Brady Street.
79 BRADY, OFF MARKET — 3 UNFUR-
• <£ nished rooms; yard; cheap; small family.
_.uuv Streec.
1 1 Q EDDY— FRONT SUITES, NEW FUR-
-110 uiture, clean sunny rooms; $5 up; also
housekeeping.
71 Q EDDY— I FURNISHED ROOM, LOWER
• It/ floor, $5 per month. ■ ■■■■;.,•
— -ijfhth strutu.
QHEBMA- ATARTMEJNT JIOTJKB. '?- RTH
0 bu, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
_— — stree;.
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: .MRS. KATE S.
HART, manager— A quiet bouse: rentrtlly lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot _ cold water.
091 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOK BEST
_ i— j— lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
79A ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
1 _<V/ single or double. ■;.:*-■.
lfth Street.
1 fIQ FIFTH — SINGLK AND DOUBLE
1 ;rooms, $1 60 to $3 per week.
Fillmore Street.
9A9K FILLMORE—I FURNISHED BOOM;
— \J—O with or without hoard. -.;--■ ■
Jrolsom Street.
1 CA9 FOLSOM— FUKNISHED ROOM; PRI-
_ Uv/.O vate family: suitable for 2. ->;:..'•
i-uurth > treat.
9991 FOURTH— CORNER BOOMS;
.-—.—.;» nicely furnished; price mi derate.
i>ear.v st. cat.
91 7 GEARY-3 SUNNY P.OOMS IN REAR;
— 1 I cottage; key premises.
A] A GEARY— NEWLY' FURNISHED PAR-
-1 l.'J lors: suites or single; entirely renovated.
drove Street.
_fl9 l GROVE—a UNFURNISHED BUNNY
ttV— <g front rooms: bath; cheap. •
Guerrero Street.
f\n(\ GUERRERO. BET. EIGHTEENTH AND
U— \J Nineteenth — 2 pleasant sunny rooms for
man and wifo; pleasant location; terms reason-
able. /
;i.--. : - .. XAo\va;-<i stieo..
f\OO HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY SINGLE
U—O rooms: gas; bath: quiet and reasonable. .
1 Jones street.
907 .'ONE!*— THE VAX WINKt.K: XF.W
£d\J I manacement: elegant tunny snlte* ani
tingle: newly. tarnishixi: bath, etc.: 810 10 SHU.
A.CXI — — >tl'L-0..
9q KEARNY-NICKLY FURNISHED BOOMS:
--O terms reasonable: quiet house
Of\ KEARNY— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS, PAR-
O\J ticularly suitable for gentlemen: electric
lights.
ARLINGTON- HOUSK, 127 KKARN V —
r\ Pleasant suiyiy rooms, en suite and single; tirst
class in every- respect: terms reasonable. .: :v ;
A. — i_f-r. -nod..
VOREMITR HOUSK. 1045 MARKET -PER
J. night. 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $6: families.
McAllister Street.
499 MCALLISTER— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
I__ room; running water; gas bath.
Minna Street.
nan MINNA, COR, EIGHTH— FUR-
\J\J I nished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
. >utom:i Street.
79Q NATOJIA ST.— NEWLY FURNISHED
!_.•./ rooms for gentlemen; cheap.
. arrell Street.
"I 99 O'FA RRELL— LA SUNNY FBONT
J __. room; elegantly furnished; all conveni-
ences; reasonable, v; v
Perry Street.
nee PERRY— TO LET, 3 NICE SUNNY
£OO rooms; rent $9.
i'ost Street.
71 q POST— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
I XO en suite or single: private bath: $6 to $20.
Powell Street. .
919-214 POWELL (WILLIBFORD)— EX.
— Ji ._ « tirely renovatea throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
99?: POWELL, COR. GEARY— SUNNY R 10M
-.c) newly fur.: $8: also large sunny cor. room.
Prospect Place.
91 C PROSPECT PLACE. BET. POWELL
—iO and Stockton, Pine and California eta.—
Nice, sunny, furnished rooms to let. :
; seventh Street.
1 A 9 SEVENTH- PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
— t:.— ' housekeeping; also single rooms. ■•
■ (ii i ;'?/V I J_tli [ St ?••■•.
19?: SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
X— .U nicely furnighPd double and single rooms.
Sixteenth Street.
9QA9 SIXTEENTH, CORNER HOWARD—
*- t/l7_. Large sunny front room ; furnished; $1 50
a week.
Stockton ' Street.
T^UROPEAN (THE), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nished suites, $4 to $10-,;slriKle rooms. $1 50 to
$3 week: 60c to $. night: hot and cold running
water in every room: baths; eievator: transient.
C 1 O STOCKTON, NKAR BUSH — FINELY
_>_. urnlshed suite and single rooms; private
family. - .
PYKXEK HOUSE. 1314 STOCKTON—
-.1 Front suites: single rooms; housekping -.cheap.
, •■'•iier Mree..
CTTKR-FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
OV^O $1 y>6 to $10 wk; night 2Jc to $1 60: transl.
" 03 BUTTKB, COX. TAILOR-ELEGANTLY
I UP newly furnished sunny rms.: snlte or single.
laylor Street.
1 0Q TAYLOK-SUNNY DOUBLE BOOMS. «2
X\JO and »2 50 per week; single $1 50.
Mft TA Y LOR-N K W "FU RMBHED SUN-
*JX\J ny single ana double rooms; private family.
HI »>TAVi,v»R-2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
\JXjLj also suite: rent reasooab c.
liilrd sir«t.
O-l 7 THIRD-LARGE SUNNY CLEAN RM&-
Ol I double or single: day, week or month?
- ui-k street.
"I no TURK-SUNNY FURNISHKD ROOM;
.!■_._* soitabie lor a gentleman; $5 per month.
" Twelfth Street.
3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; UNFURNISHED
122 Twelfth s.. beu Mission and Howard sis.
. TO LEASE.
XT' OR BKNT OK LEASK— 60-VAHA LOT BE.
X cor. Polk and" Jackson sts. : rent $50 per
month. - Address J. t>., 427 B*nsomA su S. _'.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
BOARDiyG AND ROOMS.
I £ CLAY, NrT"d KVISADKRO^SUNNY
-Oit' room: use of larlor: board $25, or $40
for two; gas, bath: take Eddy-gU cars. .- -,
71 ft POST-SUNNY RO6.M: USE OF PAR- j
I 1 - j lor; for 2 young men; with board; $20 each.
1 fWH CALIFORNIA— Pi EASANT NEWLY
I U_.U furnished parlors and other rooms; board
optional. " • '
91D GOLDEN GATE AVK. -SUNN V FRONT
*-*J- 1 - and single room: board; references.
~T) I EDDY— FINE. SUNNY. NEWLY FUR-
-1 —"~i nished rooms; house first class in every re-
spect; table unsurpassed; terms reasonable.
UTf.I, BKKT_U\U. '414 j^LaU-A tAMILV
hotel: references jilveii and required; n__io_-
th rnnvenlPii'-0.. ■ ! :
CHILDREN' BOARDED.
TVESPECTaBLE LADY WISHES CHILDREN
IX to board or an infant to raise on the bottle:
mothers care given. Apply '208 Golden Gate aye.
I" jM N X COUNTRY HOME FOR A CHILD: $7
per month. Address A. B. box 99, Call uffice,
Oakland.
IDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
il to 5 years) to board. 803 Baker st.
STORES TO LET.
A y^ITARGE LuTllT dksira7
a 1" tie store: occupied at present by paying
restaurant; low rent. Apply on premises, room 34.
9" CLEMENTINA ST. -STORE, 4 ROOMS;
—<J bar fixtures: cheap rent. ;
HOEMAKERSHOPTO LKT ON ACCOUNT
of death; o.d established. 605 Lyon, nr. Grove.
CTOItE AND 4 LIVING-ROOMS. 3114 FILL-
-0 more
TORE TO LET, ALSO IAKG X BASEMENT,
at 867 Market st Inquire within.
TORE, WITH 3 ROOMS, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. and Webster st. ; choice location for
drugstore.
OFFICES TO _ET.
/ CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDOKFF (L. AND
\J L. and G. buildin?— Sunny offices: light, water,
heat and janitor services free: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
If INK OFFICES; 23 KEARNY ST.; SUITA-
— - ble for any business.
PR ECKELS BUILDING. 927 MAKKKT—
Klt-gant snnnv offices. $12 50 up; electric-light:
beating and .ibnltor service free. Apply at building
or ». H. UMBSKN <fe CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
_ CLAIRVOYANTS.
GiTANA, TH- GYPSY QUEEN, H TUK_fsTn
VT truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
Sll_ PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant, curd- reader, born v.-iih a douole veil aril
second sight; ladies 50c. gents $1; palmistry ani
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 '1 urk si., nr. Jonei
\\ ME. SCHMIDT. CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
-"-I past, present and future: success to all; lor-
tunes by mall: low rices. 856 Mission su
BAKLS OF KNOWLEDGE; REVEALS
future marriage: lucky lottery numbers; no
charge. 1032 Market st.
M- MUKKAU, IJKST MEDIUM; ltKVKAl-
past, present, intnre: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
pi YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
VJT seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles 25c: cents bOc.
MME. LEGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future: *25c. 311Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
lON CHITA. CARD READING: PAST, PKES-
\J ent, future. 821 Howard St., room 15.
ME. DX. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
_*_?•_£___, now 929 Post: fee $1: letter $3.
\\ mTe. sybille SHOWS PICTUKK FUTURE
-U. husband, wife; ladies 25c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
pLAIRVOYANT: LADIES ONLY: VILA 25c.
v 41 '1 inn». bas°ment.
SPIRITUALISM. ~~
a veritable queen among women 13
MRS. dr. A. D. howe.
FFK $1 & upward! FEE $1 * upward'
hopk, HELP, love and LUCK for all!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or -down"? if 1-.
read this and learn that life is yet worth II vtnz!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man 7
thousands on this roast In the ten years pa;t. it
ngaln at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on of
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tne
separated are united; the Mc_ made strong ; tha
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wifa
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal
who try to Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. '. Write It you can-
not call, for treatment oy malt is always most .„>
cessiul and satisfactory. All letters answered.
.Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE «4 _ UPWARD! FKK $1 & UPWARD'
-UtK. UK. A. D. HOWE,
■ 1320 Market st., opp. Seventh.
.....' . San Francisco.
AT GOLDEN GATE HALL, 625 SUTTEK ST.,
-"»- to-night. Harrison D. Barrett will lecture;
Prof, Whltelaw and Kmma Sherwood will furnish
music and Maud L. Frit-tag:, ballot test medium,
will give tests. Admission 10 cents.
MRS LEWIS, BUSINESS MEDIUM: SlT-
tings dally; $1; 12 to 6. Parlor 2. 1007
Market st.
frEST CIRCLE TO- NIGH I. lOC MME
X YOUNG, 605 McAllister: telephone J»ssle 1101.
FRIENDSHIP HALL. 326 McALLIS'j ' .
X MRS. C.J. MEYKR.teit meetings every night.
MBS .-HRINEK, CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; TESTS
-U to all. 25c; sittings daily. 311 Van Ness aye.
M. FItAXCIS, INDEPENDENT SL_TE-
writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 P. m
SPIRITUALISTIC CIRCLE TO-NicHT BY
Rev. Mr. Howland: 26c. 1 Fifth gt., parlor 1.
ME. KAVKXA READS LIFE FLUEVlLY-
business advice; nameagiven: 25c up. 5 Fourth
DR. MAUD INMAN, ELECTKICTHKP.APKU-
tIc vapor baths: ladies only. 1063 Market st.
R!-. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM.
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
BISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET: sEAN-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 dally.
CII.CLE TO-NIGHT-MRS. MAYO STEERS:
\J time limited: readincs $1. 1015 Market st.
rpO-MGHJ-KATE 11EU«SM A N .VS GRAND
X test meeting: 111 Larkln St.: admission free.
— ____________ __ „_
HYPNOTISM.
HY PN OTIS M~^fD^vTTAL MAGNETISM
XX practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, also how to hypno.ize instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested in its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited, fail or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 u'Farreil st. '
___ SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY.
CCIENTIFIO ASTROLOGY— ALL EVENTS OF
0 life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
men protected b.- my method: oil and minerals lo-
cated by the science. DR. ST. CLAIR, 916 Mar-
ket st.. room 26: hours 9to 7.
MONEY TO LOAN*.
'^"1 00 nOn AT" "LOWEST -RATES;" CITY
tpX\J\J.\)\J\J and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBE__CO., 218-220 Montey
ADVANCES UN DIAMOND:*. WATCHES,
jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWKUr
-TOBK. 948 Market st. : open evenings.
ANTED- $1000 ON 8 PER CENT INI
»» terest per annum: security, chattel mortgage
on business firm; machinery. Ad. M., box 48, Call.
MONEY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTEIt."
■i'A e«t per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or Ufa insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
MONEY LUA.NJi.Ii ON JKW V AN-"
other valuables at the Fecnrlty Loan Office
1 6Mark<>tBt..Dr. -Mason: private en tranc* 7 lure.
A NY AMOUNT: IST. _i» or Si) iSoKTUAUKa
A (states, undivided interests. Met estate la or>
bate. Wc.-COLGAN. '24 Montronprr. room 3.
CANS ON FUKNUURK AMD PIANOS
without removal: low Interest. H. 3, 215 Powell
A DV A NCKS ON Til AM ON i-. Ji_K » Mo
JA Columbia Loan <& Collateral Otto, v <;rai.t hv.».
1 IIKKCT ON VOCK FUKNITUKfci UK PIAN».
XJ no removal: no delays: no communions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market si
OXKY TO LOAN ON IUTY KBAL ESTATE.
McE' /UN BROS.. 118 Montgomery St.
ft d?\ C\(\(\ OH LESS TO LOAN ON CITY
«iD nxJ.\J\J\.'. improved teal estate at 7 per cent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
GijXA UP; NO DELAY: IST AND MORT-
<~«->^J gages: int. in estates. MITKPHY.62M y.rm
pawnbrokers'
WISE AND HAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and m-
cnrlty unice, r. 7, Flood bldg -. entrance 80» Mkt.
T~~JS KKAKN V i»'l-.. KOOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
priva:«» room-: elevator: i-ledgfH for ».\l» cheap.
'_'■_ PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
-EDS— NOT PUMPKIN Bi.EDs, BUT WEED
dry plates, with developers and all requisites
for photographing, nt Cal. Camera Co.. l'Ji Geary.
— — A TTOR>'EYS-AT-LAW.
A~^)Vlck FKEE— DTv6lTc^LAWs'^s"p_Ctr
JrV ait-; private; do charge unless successful ; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to. U. W. iIoWK. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
VTOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 536 _>_ it m i.
— ' buildlne; consultations free; moderate fees
K~INGORE ■ _ MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrot building (Emporium). .
.A DVICFFR-li; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC- I
-A. cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 027 Markets:.
W _■. ARAM. ATT'Y-Ai-_AW,SBIPARIIOTT
"' .bldg. Practices in all courts ;cbarges moderate
It W. KING, ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW. CHRON-"
\/» t ide Dldg; advice free; moderate; open ev_s_
, _ _ _ 1 PERSONALS. j
ADVICK FKEE; DIV^r7^E~~LAWS°A~SPE^
clalty, private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK,aUy-at-law. 850 Markets:.
JUST ARKIV_D— MME. M. TAYLOH. CARD-
reader; fee $1. ■ 850 Market, rooms 49-50.
pAKTING lON'S SCHOOL UJV MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
ciasses; instructors,' J. H. E. Partineton, Gertrude
Partlngton. K. L. Hartlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
ATt>f STYLE in hairdressing 25c,
at Up-to-Date Parlor*, 850 Market at , room !
14. Lessons given: morning and evening classes.
OCOCO OK ANY OTHER ANCIENT OR
modern style of hairdressing I do for 25 cent* ;
QnlnonU hair ionic, 35c a bottle: switches. $1:
have enlarged my parlors. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st. '■ ■
\ OI'NG LADY FROM CUBA DKSIREiS GEN-
-1 tleman partner; small capital required. 9 Pow-
ell at., room 7. '
ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rms. 46-46; ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order;flt guaranteed ;low prices
~KS! THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST AND
manicure. 101 Grant aye., room 10. '
ADY (STKANt'KIt) DESIKES OlSNTLh-
man partner; $-6 capital. K. 2. 122 Post st.
VI YKTLE POTThR'B COSMKIIC PARLORS
111 manicuring, bairdressfug. 1362 a Market st.
room 8. "■""". - .
INK watch REPAIRING. JEWELRY
r made order, spectacles repaired. lenses ground:
low prices; tine work. J. N. ITT A IN, 20 Geary.
C_.f PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
C a WERTHM AN Pants Co. 22y Geary street.
THE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
Ing Company, 1117 Market su. bet. 7th and Bth.
BUNK-. DhLIV_RkJ> 25C. BAY. CITY
Transfer Company, 244 Butter; tel. Grant 57.
A I THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR
J\. Institute, ail cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or -write. 10-9 V* Market su,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cat
LL FACIAL BLEMISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, frscklt-s, sors, etc., removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
r>AZOK-FINjfSG OUR SPECIALTY; FINE
edge put on razor, 2 sc Razor Exchge. 630 Market
V KLVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacture^' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstair*
OUTDOOR STI-.K—OPTICON bUUW KVB-
Xj ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic al-
vertisementa in living light; promoters of ban-
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Markets-
LECTKIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third st.. near Market:
£00 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $8 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
IBKUAi. ADVANC-S ON DIAMONDS J_\V-
Hit. etc.: lowest rat«s. 648 Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 30. cor. Jeisi*.
_____-_---_____ „
DRESSMAKERS.
DKESSKS $2 IF; WKAPPER-1 350
lawn Si up. fn.')- x ' Natoma s_. above Sixth.
I EDUCATIONAL.
"TTjADEMY" OF" "siSlE^mFTc^sTu^lLOGY
-V. and occult sciences; pupils received; terms 6
and 12 weeks; terms reasonable. PROFESSOR
ASTROLOGY. 916 Market, room 26.
VIME. MELVILLE S.NYDhK, 716 POST ST.;
.>! v col music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday, 8 r. M.; $1.
PUPILS WANTKD IN ENGLISH, LATIN
X mid mathematics; literature % specialty. MISS
ROULSTON, 724 O'Farrell st.
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: ENGLISH
literature. MISS FAOBN, 427 Bitter st.
IpRENCH LESSONS, PARISIAN ACCENT,
X $2 month: »lso singing and piano taught. 109
Taylor st., room 7. ,
PANISH,FKKNCH,ETC.:Prof.DEFILIPPE'S
O Academy of Languages, 32o Post st ;estab'd 1871
YKES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery St.: Individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegrapnr, etc;
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
A LMA K. HYKR, PIANO. MANDO-IN BAN-
_— . jo. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction
OUKKPNU. \\ t.t i'Nli. ARITIIMTC. GKA.vIK
day A nl?ht: noc!a«»es: $5 month. 846 MUsloa
HO* 1 . LOUIS MEUKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powll.
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano,Bluglng,French:s3 ma R. 14. 1002 Polk
K. _ M KS. KOLA.NUER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason
|. ELAbCO'a LVLal'll SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1) Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and VI, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MX.
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, nrcbitectnre-
xssaytestab. '64. VAN DER NAILI.K.V, 723 Mkt,
KOFES.SOR U. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin guitar, mandolin. I nr.io. 170? M«r ct.
,  STORAGE.
S~""TOK A^K^xTH^AipE^FlN^rTtlETlTYTinß^^
proot building: advances made. 211 1-arkln.
LXXI TURK. PIANOs" TRUNKS; AD-
J v«nce<. uhlpnlng. < 'H A S. L. T A YL0K.204 Poy..
TRUSTEES' SALES.
rpRUSTEES 1 SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority or a cer-
tain deed of trust, duly executed by SAMUEL
HAIGII, party -of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the San Fran-
cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated
January 26th, 1893, and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the County of Merced, state of
California, In Liber 6 of Trust Deeds, at page 186,
and following: and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 27 th day of August, 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FKANCIbCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the bolder
of the note (No. 12,223), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made In the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums, due
under said note ana deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBKLL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
We. HENRYC. CAMPBE*LL and THADDEUS
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 29th day of September, A. D.
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the
auction salesroom of Easton, Eldrldge _ Co., No.
Cob Market street, in the City and County of San
.Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash In gold
coin of the United States, the piece or parcel of
land situate in the County of Merced, State of Cali-
fornia .described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the southeast corner of section
thirty-six (36), in township nine (a) south, range
nine (Vi) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian,
and running thence west along the »outh line of
said section . thirty (30) feet to the Badger Flat
county road: thence north iilong said road four
hundred and fifty-four one-thousandths of a ihaln
(.454 eh.) to the north line of said road thence
west alone said north line nineteen chains fifty
links (19 50 eh.) to the easterly line of the and of
Hooper; thence north alons; said Hooper's east
line eighteen chains twenty links (18.20 eh.):
thence west along said Hooper's north line ten
(10) chains: thence south along Hooper's west
line two chains sixty-six links (2.68 eh.) to the
north line of the land of Manuel Moreno- thence
west along said Moreno's north line fifteen (15)
chains to the northeasterly lino of the Pfister
county road; thence northwesterly along said lino
of said road to the midseciion line running north
and south through said section thirty-six (:>6>-
thence north along said mtdsection line to the
north line of said section; thence east along said
north line to the northeast corner of said section*
and thence south along the east line thereof to the
point of commencement: .
.Heing a portion of tne east half (E. 1/,) of said
section thirty-six (36), in township nine (tt) south
range nine (9) east, Mount Diablo base and me-
ridian, and containing two hundred and seventy-
two (272) acres of land more or less. "« eu *J
- Together with the appurtenances.
Terms Of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
states; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed; and If not so paid, unless tor want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cum to be forfeited and the sale to be void
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL 1
' ■ ■ THADDEUS B. KENT. } Trustees.
rpRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trttJt, duly executed by JOHN H MpKay
and RICHARD McCANN, parties of the first Dart
to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and ThaDDEUSB
KENT. Trustees, parties of the second part "ami
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNIOV tiar'v
of the third part.dated Slay 17th, 1892, and recorded
In the office of the County Recorder of the county
of Fresno, state of California In liber 114 of deeds
at pages 110 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 4th day .of June 1896 br
the Board of Directors of said SAN" FRANTffilTti
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 11,643). to secure payment of
which the aioresaid deed of trust was executed
declaring that default had been made In the nay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed. of trust, and reone^tlnir
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBtI L and
THADDKUS B. KEN_", Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness. • • ■ ; .■■..;'. :■■ . . ■.  ..
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice, that on
TTKHDAY, the 15th day of September, A- if
1896. at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at' the
auction -salesroom 1 of 'EASTON, E'LDRIDGE A
CO., No. 638 Market street, in the City and (ountv
of Ban Francisco, State of California, we will sell
at public auction, to the highest bidder for cash In
gold com of the United States, all that piece or
parcel of land situate in the County of Fresno
State Of California, described as follows, to wit-
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States-
In township sixteen 6) south, twentv-ons
(21 east. .Mount Diablo has- and meridian
Of section thirty-two (32), the east half" of the
southeast quarter (K. %of the BK. 14 ) ; contain-
ing eighty (80) acres of land, more or less. To-
gether with the appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash In gold coin of the United
States; 10 percent payab.e to the undersigned on
the fail of the. hammer: balance on delivery of
de«d: and if no: so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days beinc allowed for search), then said 10
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void
Ada of sale at purchaser's expense. >
HKNRY C. CAMPBELL)-
-• THADDKCS B. KENT. 7} Trustees. ' (
' CITY REAL ESTATE.
SUBiTANTIAiiri3rvI<:STME^TT r^ > ~~ ' -
BUSINKS3PROPERTY
ON DEVIBADBRO ST. : »-
<RI 1 (\C\f\ STOKE AND 3 ROOMS AND 2
♦IT -I- JL .UUU. handsome flats of 7 and 9 rooms
and bath: nearly new, and in first-class condition;
pays »1050 per annum: lot 25x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDKIDGK „ CO.,
- : • . 638 Market st.
IS3ION RESIDENCE.
AT A SACRIFICE.
TWENTY-FOURTH ST.
*BiQ9nn FINE HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
«JT | O_:VJU. bath: in Al condition; all modern
conveniences: range.etc; must be sold at once:
lot 28x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <_ CO.,'
•■ . 638 Market at.
■\T_\V MODERN HOME.
-■" ONLY $250 CASH.
EEST PART OF RICHMOND.
ANEW 2-STORY MODERN RESIDENCE
of 6 rooms and bath; all modern conveniences ;
for sale on easy terms: $350 cash, balance of pur-
chase price of $3250 in monthly payments, same
as rent. EASTON, KLDRIDGE <_ CO..
■- . : • ■ . , 638 Market st.
RECENTLY REDUCED. ~ ~"
FINE COTTAGE.
NEAR PARK PANHANDLE.
C»i r^nn CAi " H = modern COTTAGE of 6
UP X O\.i\J rooms, bath and high basement, on the
north side of Hayes St.. near Lynn ; lot '26x100
feet; price $4000; mortgage of $2500 in Htbernia
tank can remain. . -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ 638 Market st.
INVESTMENTS.
CHOICE PROPERTIES.
ALL BARGAINS.
ffljOnAA TWO GOOD FLATS OF 4 AND 6
tiT'Oyiyjyj. rooms: near Mason and Filbert sts.;
rents $324 per annum. • <.--;-
CM find FOUR FINE TENEMENTS, NEAR
iJPIvJUU, Howard and Seventh st.-. : in good
condition; always rented: pays $48 per month;
lot 25x80 feet; sure speculation.
OJ^nfin six FLATS NEAR third AND
<i)PU\Ji>YJ. Bryant sts.: good renting location;
improvements in good condition and substantially
built; rents $50; lot 40x60 feet: examine this at
once.
<D?OF:nfl $500 CASH;* TWO FLATS OF 5
iJP_-«JWJ. rooms each, near Leavenworth and
Sacramento sts. ; cost over $4500; rents $240 a
year.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO., '.
638 Market st.
pHOICE LIST '
V OP LOTS.
ALL BARGAINS.
<2»Of;fln COR, POINT LOBOS AND 31ST
ipOOvJV. ayes.: $120x125.
<2r9nnn COR CLAY AND SPRUCE BTS.;
H&ij\J\J\J. 37:6x102:6.
OOfiOfi PAGE ST., NEAR 6HRADER;
tiP-iOUU. 26x137:6. ..-i-r .
©OOXn Nw COR. ON SANCHEZ ST.;
«ID-^_jOU. 100x126: will subdivide.
. LAY ST., NEAR SPRUCE; 125 x
•21 ?\(\(\ POINT LOBOS ROAD. NEAR 22D
i£)XO\J\J. aye.; N. side; 40x100; Cheap lot.
§81250 25TH HT<l NEAR BRYANT;
HDxZhJU. 26x90.
fl» 1 (\(\f\ 8 LOTS, RAILROAD HOMESTEAD
<IP- 1 "'-'". Association, including 2 corners,
near electric-car line. .
©7AA SOUTH AYE., NEAR RICHLAND,
<jp I \J\J. Holly Park: 50x100.
CMflfi EACH— 2 CHOICE LOTS ON DUN-
<]P_VU can st.; 50:11x114; ready for building.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
' ■ 638 Market St.
GO TO-DAY AND SKE THK .
64 LOTS FRONTING ON
STA NY AN STREET
- • FREDERICK STREET
RA DER bTR >• ET
lit. L'LAlt STREET
COLE STREET ',]
Prices $1250 upward.
Your own terms.
Thli property Is a new subdivision, placed on
the market just two weeks ago. Already a
' number of lots have been sold, and much In-
terest has been manlfesied In this the most
important subdivision of the year. A large
number of people will be out to day to see
the property and pick out a lot. We Invite
you to join them. If you see these lots you
will agiee with us that they are not only
choi c residence sites but also the best in-
vestment lots In San Francisco. Remember
this property faces the park and Is near th»-
siie of the Affiliated Colleges, the contract for
which has just been let. The lots are all
large and level; street work done. Don't
wait, but see them at once. The best lota are
going first.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
____^ 10 Montgomery st.
LOTS ON THE PARK. ■ ■. '
XJ Every week the number of lots In the block
bounded by Bth and 10th avea., H and I sis. , grows
lens and less. Do you want one? If so,- see the
property and pick out your lot at once.
PRICE $750 AND UPWARD.
TERMS $60 CASH. 810 MONTHLY.
You will do well to secure a lot now, as yon will
never again be able to buy ho cheap.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
■ . 10 Montgomery st.
READ THIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
Jl' the San Leandro road and main street to
Fltchburg station; size 100x100; Cheap at $20
per front foot.
"DKSIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500. .-■■-»:• ■-
BUSINESS CORNER AT FIT^HBURO ST A-
XJ tion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK. 200x600: WILL SUB-
divlde into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nurjery and trow cut flowers for i
the market, ;-.";-.-
-/"YTHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J in the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THaD. S. PITCH. Fitchburg.
W. F. MoCLURK. 19 Montgomery «.. B. F.
Q>£»ORj| NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
IS \J—O\r. choicest p«rt of Ashbury Heights.
Frederick St., near Asnbury; contain 5 and 6
rooms and have every modern Improvement; well
planned: sun In every room; marine view; in-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
ml; to Inspect apply to TOBIN _ ALLY, 630
Market st. , > • .. .
TTTI7Z BUILD COTTAGE?, HOUSES OR
*» flats at lowest prices for cash or Installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market St.
LOK SALE— -LEGANT NEW MODERN RES-
X idences situated on Gough it., near Broadway;
contain Bto 12 rooms, all medern conveniences:
fine view; good neighborhood; complete sir et
work; these houses should be seen before pur-
chasing elsewhere; terms easy: houses open.
"fflTVftfi MUBT BE SOLD— ONLY PART
iir*j\J\J. cash: fine building lot on sunny line of
Hoffman aye., 110 feet south of 24th at, and a few
feet from two car lines: fine view and ready for
building. See at once owner, E. H. DITTNEK.
3'-'4O Mission wt. ••
| IClu EXPLANATION OF SIXTEEN TO
XJ one, that Republicans. Democrat* and Popu-
lists all agree upon: that all can vet fair bargains
In real estate at PATTERSON '.-*, 2 Valencia st.
HOUSK AND LOT; 6 ROOMS: BATH; CON-
sr-rvai<>ry; cellar; garden. 2439 Larkin st.
<i-JliO MARINE VJKW: PARK LOT: 25x
«3>*4UU. 120: W. line of Sixteenth aye., near H
St., onposlte Strawberry Lake; near Affiliated Col-
leges: car line: cottages adjoining: a real sacrifice.
Call at 43 Sixth st., room 12. 1 to 6 P. it.
TNGLESIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
JL near racetrack, on Flax ton and Grafton Ms. ; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern Im-
provements: 10. 0"2:t5x12.">; sold at a great sacrifice,
G. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 2 Va:encia et.
©^nn CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT,
<JpUv/V/ for a new bouse on ea-.t side of Cole st., '
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; lane lot -5x125;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises. I
rjBsTANTiAL modern hou»_s BUILT;
$160 to $276 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see Dlans. 1149 Mission.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
c A ACHES FIRST-CLASS FKJITiT^bTaN^CH^
O\J highly Improved; an ideal home; 2 miles
from Oakland: to exchange for San Francisco
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jo<e or Oakland property.
3011 acres, near Stockton: magnificent train ranch;
fine house, 14 rooms ana outbuildings; to ex-
change lor San Francisco, Stockton, Berkeley or
Oakland property. A first-class Kansas farm; 160
acres: new bouse, barn, etc.: nicely improved: Al
in every particular; to exchange for California
property. Fine orange grove, trees 8 yearn old, to
exchange for San Francisco or Oakland property.
J. S. MYEH3, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
I?OR EXCHANGE, NIiAR LO_ GATOS, A
choice orchard home for good clear property in
Han Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
Gat os, C-l. - - ■
KAL ESTATE ■ UNENCUMBERED FOR
furniture or anything you have. Berlin, 813
Markets- -..•'..
KNIiFOKO-K. List OF OKCUAKI»HOiII_d
tor sale. WOOMTEK A WHITTON. Kan Josa.
1 Otjn ACKKs TIMBER LAND. KEUN CO.:
x£,O\J water: tine for cattle-ralsini;. N..bx.lB,CaU
PROPOSALS.
ROPOSALS— BIDS WISL BE RECE I YE D AT
the office of the Registrar of Voters, City Hall,
for the printing or the Precinct Registers to be
used at the election to be held November 3, 1896,
In accordance with a resolution adopted Septem-
ber ii 1896. ' imifti niTiiirwi(noMiiHiwriii imi'f
All bids will bo opened at a meeting of the
Board of —lection Commissioners on the 2 1st day
of September, 1896. at 10 o'clock a. v . . .
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check, payable to the order of the chairman of the
Board of Election Commissioners, tor the sum of
Five Thousand Dollars ($5000).
■ " W. M. UINTO.n. Registrar of Voters. ■ i
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
r~p CLOSE PARTNERSHIP-FOB SALE, A
-* business block; centrally located: handsome
'"come: will take $35,000 in country property,
tIO.OOO cash, mortgage for balance; price 85,000.
ALsip _ CO., Mills buiidlntt.
1177 ' M acres OF NO. i LAND 3 mils
xxi • . east of Novato station, including 600
chiokons, 2 horses, 1 cow, single and double har-
ness, wagon, cart and all Implements: beautifully
located: overlooking the bay; price $.500, $1000
f, )Blance In 3 >' ears at 8 Per tent.
1178.-47% acres about 60 miles from San Fran-
cisco and s^ of a mile from town with river front-
age: all Hub vegetable and iruit land: fenced into
4 fields; good house, barn aad numerous outbuild-
ings: all stock included.
«m D IN X ALsip * CO., room 29, second floor,
Mills building, ban Francisco.
SHURSTCO-ONY. ~~~
• .At Ashurst you will have «n opportunity to
procure a home that will -be self-sustalnlne. at-
tracive; and profitable, and on terms belter than
have ever before been offered. We have our own
homes In this coiony and nre determined to sur-
round ourselves with neighbors who wish at once
to have schools and churches and reading-rooms
in our very midst. We have every facility for a
grand development. We make It possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with in homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Ashurst colony, room 10, Mills building.
San rTancisco. • ■
rpO RENT— SMALL ORCHARD WITH NICE
X house ana barn; fronting the Oakland and San
Leandro electric road; also a large tract of land
in the hills. DRIVER, ABER _ CO., ban
Leandro, Alamedn County.
\y ANTKD— TO "REN"! RANCH WITHIN 100
»' miles of San Francisco: 30 to 80 acres; part
fruit. Address M. J. CARLSON, Men:o, \ al.
S3IGNEES SALK. ', - - "
300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near PW-asan on, Alameda County; 1U hours
from San Francisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward;
from $20 per acre. Room 57, chronicle building,
San Francisco.
mO RENT ON SHARES— I6O-ACRE FARM,
X 20 acres fruit, 20 acres grain land, balance pas-
ture and hay; good buildings: school; 'a miles
from railroad station. M. S. GIBSON, Niles, Cal.
RANCH WANTED TO RENT; ABOUT 20
acres, with • small house, not over 10 miles
from San Jose. Give terms, etc.. to W. T. A., box
9. Call Office. -
J^OR SALE, TO CLOSE ESTATE— 2S ACHES,
X elegant orchard and home, in best part of Niles
and Ceuterville fruit district; crop this year 110
tons, sold to Earl Fruit Co. for Eastern shipment;
no fair offer refused; buildings and equipment ex-
cellent. Estate, box 35, Newark.
rp UK FINEST HOG RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the rleht
party can secure a half Interest in a Rood pnyins;
ranch property, as the present owner Is not able to
give It the attention it requires; this property Is
well Improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of bo?» the year round.
For particulars address X. V.. box O'J. Call Office, .
ANY ONE WANTING A KANCH FOH
_"_ jfraeintr purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required.
balance In 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
LITTLE HOMES. CLOSE To TOW.N, JM-
proved:* easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINO, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
ALFBKCTIONOFGOODLANDINTULARE
County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call O!_c£-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
j :v OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
<& "i Ann 1E - s th a n value!
«3>±UUU Price *'_3CO: lot 100x120: corner; 3
blocks to electric cars a.-id local station; cottage 4
rooms; almost new: terms $700 cash.
$1800— $2700: cottage 6 rooms: bath: nearly
new; modern throughout; street work and im-
provements complete; near school: electric cars
and lecal; $200 cash, balance mortgage; first
come, first served. >.
$1000 discount; price only $2600: 2-story
house, 10 rooms, 2 flats: modem; lot 45 ft front,
on principal street, near business center; this is
a rare bargain ;eeing is believing: call and ex-
amine.
$10, COO discount: business corner. 100x100; half
improved: the corner lot is vacant; present in-
come, $960 per annum; must be sold; any offer
above mortgage, $15,400, accepted; $3000 cash
J. S. MYERS.
r ' 1002 Broadway. Oakland. -
ffi?lf\nn EASY TKRMS; A BARGAIN:
vDXU\J\J. chicken ranch: 4-room house; -.veil
good water; 1 acre; Piedmont. WM. P. '1 ODD.
1002 Broadway, Oakland. *
* »OUJJ CASH BUSINESS: APPLY AT ONCE.
IT T. K. ANDERSON, 1118 Broadway, Oakland,
MY SPECIALTY IS ~~
HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house. ■ $25
1-story modern 6- room cottage. ...;. 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 800 MORE.
WM. M. DbWOLF, House- broker and Rent Col-
lector. 105(KB road way. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
THE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AND
Wsshln-.-ton sts.. Oakland ; a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability. •
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
REAL ESTATE.
t-HHO iOT 60x150; GOUT) LOCATION;
«jpUU\J. easy terms.
$1300—33x160; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
ea.-iy terms.
$2100—50x150: house of 7 rooms and bath. -
$5000—50x150: house of 9 rooms and bath.
BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; rally located.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda; office open
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Land Company,
1600 Par- St.. A am eda. .
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. .
c )' i )f\n near TUB station; 'street
<P_._-Uv/. work all done; bouse of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 45x125; a bargain. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Berkeley, adjoining bank.
pILT-EDG- BERKELEY CORNER CHEAP;
VJT College way and Durant aye.; 50x133; aristo-
cratic neighborhood; street work done. J. P.
ROSS, 1605 Turk st. • .-
GOOD homes for RENT OR for sals
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO.. real estate,
building and loans. '2\'2'< Cpnf»r »*... Korfc«»l»-.
BERKELEY HOUSES. ~~
mT~R_I<TT'NEWL : V FURNISHKD COT-
tage 5 rooms, bath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way. East Berkeley. ' .. ■
DENTISTS.
CROOME DENTAL AS:sOCIA^TIoiNT7S9 M
V ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 np: fill, $1 up.
1 \K. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.
XJ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per get; extracting 50c gas given.
DR. G_oitu_; W. leek, the genuine
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell sU
I[>ULL SKT OF TKETII, $7; WARRANTED
X live yearn: extraction, 60c.; fillings, 50a;
crowns, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
"I/UKST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
x prices; first-class results: painless extraction;
Tel. Main 5375. W.C. HARDINO.M.D., 600 Sutter
"|\K. L. 1. t KAMI- EXTRACTION PAIM.K-S.
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth wlthou;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st. cor. Grant ava.
•fl_7 A SET i-'OR TKETIi: WARRANTED A*
*S> • good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. Sl_M_t.
centlsu 930 Market sL. next Baldwin Theater.
V>AINLKtv3 .EXTRACTION, 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up-. 13 veari'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815*4 Geary.
LL WO UK TO SCJIi'TiMES; WARRANTED.
DR. IiEA, 1370 Market si., front City Hall.
R. L'UCKETT, 1703 PO>T ST.. NEAR B_-
cn«nan: gas given ; crown and bridge worn.
LI, WORK REASON ABLK AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OFT-ETH WITHOUT A ruTt liti. H.
O G. YOUNG. IS4I Polk SL
DM- J. j. _.__, I2Ot>MARKIs;T.COK,GO_DISN*
<.ate eve.— Open evening*: snmiars ill! nnoa.
~~~~~ FINANCIAL.
t_>IUU.()UU Apply rm 2J_, Cal.s a fe I'ep.Blde.
_ax_3l --U.P__Mi;- i __n__^<;_.
SaiietT" ' TvT;
MONDAY, September 14.
Bchr r.alph J Long, Anderson.
: Domestic Ports.
PORT BLAKELKY— Arrived Sept 14-Schr Se-
quoia, hence Aug 25.
ROCK PORT— Arrived Sept I*— Scar Elvenia.
hence Sept 8. ■
EUREKA— Arrived Sept Stmr South Coast,
hence Sept IS
Sailed— Schr John A, for San Francisco.
.Foreign Po«t».
ACAJUTLA-Sailed Sept 13 -Nor utmr Transit.
for Seattle. ; , . .
, THiS DIVORCE K_,COlv_».
Complaints filed:
Angelo Beretta against Delia Beretta.
M. G. Brandt against Alice Brandt.
Mary Ann LKtenfeid against Max Llttenfeld.
Wllheimlna Brown against Laertes Brown.
Divorce granted : - , -
* Celine M. Duraml from Leon Duraud, for «x-
-treme cruelty: by Judxe MtUTDhv.
BIRTH • — 3IAKRIAGKS— DEATH!
fßirth, marrlaie and death notices sent by mail
win not be inserted. They mus be handed 111 at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
wlihthc name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN.
CHRISTIANSEN— In this cltv. September 13,
1896, to the wife of Charles Christiansen, a son.
DOLLIVER— In this city. September 13, 1596, to
the wife of Frank P. Dolilver, a son.
SIMPSON— In this city, September 1, 1898, to the
wife of T. C. Simpsoj, a daughter. .
STRAUSS— In this city, September 9, 1896, to the
wife of Joseph M. Strauss, a daughter.
WAGNEH— in this city. September 8, 1896, to the
wife of William Wagner, a daughter.
I MARRIED.
BINZ-LINTNER— In this city. September IS,
1836, by the Hey. J. G. Mangold, Wilhflm H. F.
Blnz of San Francisco and Wanda Lintner of
South San Francisco.
BOOKMANN— tit this cltv. Septem-
ber 5. 1898 by the Rev. J. H. Hchroeder. Henry
D. E. Bockmann and Minna I. Mueller.
MITCIIINSON-NUNAN— In this city, Septem-
ber 1-4, 1896, by the Rev. William N. Meserve.
John 3litchin«on of San Francisco and Emma
Nil nan of San Jose.
SCHLICHT— BKLL— In this city, September 14,
. 1890. by Judge G. W. F. Cook. Joseph Schlicht
and May Bell, both of San Francisco.
SPECTER-DIKCKMANN-In this city. Septem-
ber 9, 1598. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Rich-
| ard Specter and Sophie Dieckmann.
] WILLI .* Ms— M ACKEI— in this city, September
M, 1898. by the Key. Paul Br_nke. Tom Wll-
liams and Lizzie M»r:-kel.
-- _•„_->. ~"
Bacley, Jeremiah Fromm, William M.
Benson, Martin C. Hazel. Emma I.
Bu.h, Gr«or«B D. Jewett. Susan N.
Canepa. Davide ■ Johnston, John
Carlglet. Victoria Kessler, Charles
£ ox James Lannon, Patrick
Dean, Frank M. McCulloueh. Edward H.
Delee. James M. Potter. William
irantzkee. George • Powers, Cassie M.
Summers, William H.
BAGLEY— In this city, September 11, 1893. Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Hannah Bagley. and
father of James J., John F. and Jeremiah Bag-
lei' Jr., » native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
54 years and 9 months. [New York City and
Cork (Ireland) papers please copy.J
A&'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his Late
residence, 327 Clementina street, between
Fourth and Fifth, thence to st. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem hlga masi will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. 11. Interment Holy Cros* meter v.
BENSON— In this city, September 12, 1898. Mar-
tin C. Benson, belove.i husband of Severlne Ben-
son, father of Rudolph and .Mabel Benson, and
brother of Rein en. Benson, a native of Norway,
aged 29 year.*. ■ ■
49" Friends ana acquaintances and members of
Court Star of the West No. 8956, A. O. F., are
respect invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at '1 o'clock p. _.. from
his late residence, 1319 Minna street, near Four-
teenth, thence to the Scandinavian Lutheran
Church. Howard street, between Twelfth and
Thirteenth, where servlcei will be he d, com-
mencing at 2:30 o'clock p. m. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BUSH— At Hunters Point, South San Francisco,
September 14. 1836, George D. Bmh, beloved
husband of Annie Hush, uncle of Mrs. William
Klcbards, and brother-in-law of the late Michael,
Thomas and William Clancy, a native of -tier-
many, a*ed 64 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, Hunters Point. South San Francisco,
thence to All Hallows Church, corner Fifteenth
avenue and N street south, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebratei for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing a 10 o'clock
a. if: Interment Monnt Calvary Cemetery.
CANEPA— In this city, SeDtember 12, 1893,
David c Canepa. a native of Italy, aged 39 years.
JSs^Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DaY
(Tuesday), at 1 :xO o'clock p. _ from the Ital-
ian Church, corner Dupont and Filbert- street.
A requiem high mass will be celebrated at 9:30
o'clock a. m. for the repose of his souL Intermen;
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARIGIET— In this city, September 12, 1896,
Victoria Carigiet, beloved wife of the late Jacob
Carigiet, mother of . Mrs. Eda Bazzinl, Adolph
and Henry Carigiet and Mm. Krtni* Bosselll, and
sister of Mm. Candida Glannini, a native of
Switzerland, aged 60 years.
4~"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock p. m , from her late
residence, 7*l a Union street. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery. : -
COX— in the City and County Hospital. Sep-
tember 14, 1896, James Cox, aged 54 years.
DEAN— In this city, September 12. 1898, Frank
M. Dean, beloved husband of Eugenia Dean,
father of Charles W. Dean, and son-in-law of
Mrs. C Ball, a -native of Manchester, England,
aced 60 years and 11 months. [Manchester
(Eneland) papers eopy.J
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at a o'clock p. _.. from the par-
lors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
DELEE— In this city, September 12, 1896, James
M. Delee. beloved and oldest son of the late
Richard Delee and Elizabeth Lee, and brother or
Edward, Katie. Charles and Maggie Delee and
William Lee, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 11 months and 17 days.
aiTFrlemis ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his mother. 476 Eighth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, corner Tenth and Howard
streets, for services commencing at 1:30 o'clock
p. _. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRANTZKEE— In this city. September 13, 1896,
Georef, dearly, beloved husband of. Elizabeth
Frantzkee, a native of New York, aged 58 years.
A member of Concord Council No. 2. Chosen
Friends, and Franklin Lodge No. 44, A. O. U.W.
rVlrglnia City and Reno (Nev.) and Vallejo
(Ca<.) papers please eopy.J
*_rjTien<is ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at '2:30 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 304 Third street. Interment 1.0.0. F.
Cemetery.
FROMM— In this city, September 14, 1896, Wil-
liam M. Fromm, beloved brother of A. W.
Fromm, a native of lowa, aged 38 years.
HAZEL— this city. September 14. 1898, Emm*
Isabella, wife of Ely Hazel, a native of New
York, aged 40 years.
JEWETT— Rural Health Retreat, near St.
Helena. Cal.. September 10, 1893, Susan Nash
Jewett. a native of Vermont, aged 55 years.
JOHNSTON— In this citf. September 13, 1896,
' John Johnston, beloved husband of Annie. John-
. ston, and father of Charles. Frederick and Ethel
Johnston, a native of Canada, aged 49 yean 9
months and 19 days.
49~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from his
late residence, 1035 De Haro street, near Twenty-
third. ,
KESSLER— the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 14, 1896, Charles Kessler, ag?d 6* years.
LANNON— In this city, September 14, 1898. Pat-
rick Lannon, a native of County I'.oscommon,
Ireland, aged 61 years.
JBOr~Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORRow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. *.. from h It lato
residence, 43tiB Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. ic interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
M.CCULLOUGH— this city. September 14, 1896 .
Edwara Hamilton McCqllough, beloved brother
of John H. and Nettle McCullougb and Mrs
Frank J. Hare, a native of Paris. Term., aged 33
years 1 month and 23 days. [St. Louis papers
please eopy.J
43rThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his sister. Mrs. Frame J. Hare, 317
Fir-it street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
POTTER— In this city, September 13, 1896, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Susanna Potter, and
father of Mrs. Beatie and Charles and the late
William Potter, a native of Indiana, aged 79
years 9 months and 3 days. |Petaluma papers
please copy, j • .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. X., from his late
lesldence. 54 Morris avenue, thence to I. O. r"
M. Hall. 320 Post street, where services will b
held, commencing at 2 o'clock p. m. sharp. la.
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city. September 13.1896. Ca»-
sle M., beloved wife of R. F. Powers, and daugh-
ter of Mrs. J. Rad:ord, a native 0/ San Francisco.
43TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock a. vr., from the resi-
dence of her mother, la .7 Jackson street, thence
to St. Bridget's Church, .id way and Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. _. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SUMMERS— In Oakland, September 13. 1896,
William Henry Summers, beloved husband of
Rose bummers, and father of Belln, Mac, J. M.,
W. H., A. J., C F. and F. P. Summers and Mrs.
W. H Stanley, a native of Philadelphia, Pa,,
aged (38 years - months and 16 days.
jOSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from St.
Fr-tiCH de Sales Church, '.There a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repo-e o: his soul. .
1 McAVOY A GALLAGHER, ' I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALMKR.S.
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
Jab. McMisohky. Chas. McM.— no__v.
JAMES McMENOMJSY _ SON, t
U>'I)KUTAKKi;s AND E3lBA_._us_;s.
1057 .Mission Street, Near Seventh.
•->-■■■ - Telephone No. 3»54. ■ -
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEB4
FUNKRAL I>IR_CXORS,
19 Van Ness aye.. near iiartiei ac. saa -'rancL _n
Telephone >o. 156.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERy,
SAN MATKO COUNTY: NEAREST C_M_.
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled, office Wi7 _Urkei
■treat. bo_;he*si corner of blxtu. .
1314
TYNAN'S BROTHER
ON THE ARREST
Believes There Must Be
Some Mistake in
Identity.
LATELY IN NEW YORK
Two Months Ago P. J. Tynan
Had No Intention ot Going
Abroad.
IRISH NATIONALISTS TALK.
Men Who Knew "No. i" Intimately
Believe It Is All a Scotland
Yard Plot
The news of the arrest of P. J. Tynan
came as a thunderbolt out of a clear sky
yesterday to the patriotic Irishmen in tins
City. They had not the faintest thought
JOHN T. TYNAN, a Well-Known Citizen of San Francisco, a
Brother of P. J. Tynan. The Latter, Known as "No. J,"
Was Arrested at Boulogne, France, on the Old Charge of
Being Concerned in the Lord Cavendish Murder in Phoenix
Park, Dublin, in JBB2. The Arrested Man's Brother and
His Friends in This Gty Discredit the Stories Spread by
the English Police Since His Capture*
of any movement, covert or otherwise,
against England, but instead they have
been asking the crown to pardon all the
Irish Fenian prisoners. "With this peti
tion uppermost in their minds the story
of an alleged dynamite plot, coupled with
the arrest of men who have been in the
background for years, appeared abso
lutely incredible. On one point they
agreed, ana that was that the whole
sensation was part of a well-conceived
scheme to manufacture public opinion
that would offset the scandals which they
claim are bound to come out in the Par
liamentary investigation into the treat
ment of Irish political prisoners in Brit
ish jails.
There are some prominent Irishmen in
San Francisco wno knew P. J. Tynan
quite intimately, and they are more
especially astonished at his arrest His
brother, John T. Tynan, who is an old
San Franciscan, said yesterday that he
could not believo that the man arrested
in France was his brother.
"It may be like a drowning man catch
ing at straws," he said, "but, then, I can't
believe that ray brother is in France.
There have b-en so many palpable lies in
the dispatches about him that I am rea
sonably led to believe there is a great mis
take. Why. it is only two months now
since I eot a letter from him. We were
in continual correspondence, and he never
mentioned a word about leaving the
United States. On the contrary, he often
told me it was his wish to live out his
days in this country and to die here. In
his last letter there was nothing even to
lead me to think he was going out of the
United States.
"In 1882 the English Under Secretary of
Foreign Affairs was sent to Washington
from London. He asked the United States
Government for recocnition of extradition
papers for my brother, but it was denied
him. There was nothing against him ;no
proof of his connection with any of these
cases.
"I notice that the dispatches say he
NEW TO-DAY.
For Children's Skin
scalp, and hair, nothing In the whole world is so
cleansing, purifying, and beautifying as .
CUTICURA
SOAP
prrcut and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
For distressing facial eruption*, irritation? of
the scalp, dry, thin, and felling hair, red, rough .
hands, dialings, inflammation*, and simple baby
rashes and blemishes, it is wonderful.
' Sold throuehout the world. Sale greater than the com-
blned aalu nt all otber akin aoapa. Totter Dudo and
Chex. Corp., Sole Propt.. Boston, V. S. A.
Mr " Hew to Purtfj and ileauUijr ilabjr : • Skin," free.
talked before a bar while drinking. That
is a lie. My brother has been a strictly
temperate man, in fact, a total abstainer,
for many years. He was not used to go
into saloons even, and as for talking so
that he could be overheard at a bar — that
is nonsense."
Colonel John O' Byrne knew Tynan in
timately in New York, and ia a "firm be
liever in his innocence.
"I've had professional connection with
those people likely to know if such a con
spiracy existed," he said. "Whereas the
Nationalist element of American citizens
of Irish birth have not gone back upon
tbeirviews of Irish nationality, jut there
is no such thing as a dynamite conspiracy
of any kind or character, nor has there
been any in existence for many years. It
may be said by our enemies that it exists
in either Chicago or New York, but the
Nationalists here are in such close touch
with those of Chicago or New York that
it is utterly impossible that such a con
spiracy could exist in either of these cities,
or any part of the United States, without
it coming to the knowledge of the people
here.
"It is evidently a scheme of some branch
of the British Government to save the
name of England from the atrocities prac
ticed upon the Irish Fenian prisoners.
Such men as Dr. Gallagher and John Daly,
and others of that stamp, were all men of
culture, and everything has been done in
the English prisons to brutalize them and
drive them mad. The English have
driven them insane, but were unable to
brutalize them.
"I loot forward with a good deal of in
terest to the expose on this subject, cer
tain to be made by means of the Parlia
mentary inquiry in the House of Com
mons, which Mr. Balfour has been com
pelled to grant as to the treatment of
Irish prisoners in English prisons.
,'lt was well known at the time of the
murder of Lord Edward Cavendish, which
was r cruel and cowardly one, that Tynan
had nothing whatsoever to do with it.
There is one of the men yet living who
was engaged in that murder, and who is
now serving a life sentence, and he has at
all times declared Tynan's entire inno
cence of any complicity in the crime. The
whole affair is a well-conceived and cor
rupt plan of Scotland Yard, actinir of
course under superior orders, to manufac
ture public opinion in such a way as will
lead to the justification of t: c barbarous
treatment of Irish political prisoners.
"Tynan was openly a resident of New
York. He was to be seen day after day
on Broadway for many years, and it was
well known to British detectives, who fol
lowed him constantly. He was never in
San Francisco, but it was no secret that
he lived in New York for years."
"The Irish people, as 1 know them," de
clared Thomas Desmond, the well-known
Irish nationalist, "would not be crazy
enough to take any action while those
poor fellows are in jail and begging the
English Governmtnt to release them. A
great many Irish nationalists are under
the impression that he had nothing to do
with the Phoenix Park murders. My
honest conviction is he never had any con
nection with them. Sometimes people
ory 'mad dog' and everybody takes a
kick at the animal as he goes along. I
don't believe in dynamite, but open war
fare, facing the enemy on the open field,
and I believe ninety-nine per cent of the
Irish people feel as I do.
"Wiien I met Tynan it was during the
Blame campaign in Boston, in August,
1884. He was always perfectly sober, and
conhned himself to 'soft' 'drinks — lemon
ade and soda water — and I never saw him
taste liquor. My opinion is that if he was
over there in Europe the English would
arrest him and make a fuss over it to keep
him in jail."
SOCIALISTS ARE FREE.
Judge Conlan DUmiaiiei the Cases on
Motion of Attorney Haskell.
The cases against the five Socialists,
Charles D. Sunflower, T. F. Burns, A.
Delaroche, Manuel Bottana and Leon
Brown, who were arrested on August 29 at
Seventh and Market streets for obstruct
ing the street, were dismissed by Judge
Conlan yesterday.
Attorney Haskell, when the cases were
called, moved for a dismissal on two
grounds. He said the complaints were
defective, and from the fact that two dif
ferent juries, who had been instructed to
bring in a verdict of guilty, had failed to
agree it was evident that it would be use
less to try the caaes again before another
jury.
The prosecution coincided with Attorney
Haskell and the Judge accordingly dis
missed the cases.
Jndge Loreni at Work.
Jndge H. L. Lorenz, the special Commis
tioner appointed by the Department at Wash
ington to investigate the claims of the letter
carriers for overtime, began his work yester
day. Through the courtesy of Judge McKenna
a room adjoining the latter's chamber has
been secured for the purpose of con ducting
the necessary inquiry into the merits of each
case. The demands will be taken up by sta
tions, the alphabetical order being followed
as close y as practicable. The claims of carriers
aitocned to statiou F will be the first investi
gated. There is something like $200,000 to
be distributed among 300 men, the largest
single claim reaching $.iOOO. The majority
run irom $500 to $1400. « iark McKerchen
representing Charles, William B. and George
A. King, the Washintuon attorneys for the
carrieis. is assisting Major Lorenz la his work, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
MOORE JUMPED
TO HIS DEATH
Leaped From the Upper
Deck of the Steamer
Bay City.
HIS BODY RECOVERED.
Took the Plunge as the Ferry-
Boat Was Steaming by
Goat Island.
VAIN IFFORTS TO REVIVE HIM
"I Have Taken Mv Last Drink of
Whisky" Was His Cry as He
Sprang Overboard.
J. E. Moore, for years a special police
man employed at the Baldwin Hotel,
committed suicide at 7:20 o'clock last
evening by plunging into the bay from the
deck of the ferry-boat Bay City.
Moore boarded the steamer at tne narrow
gauge mole on the Oakland side at 7
o'clock. He was apperantly sober, and
behaved in a rational manner. After
strolling about the vessel for a few
moments, he walked inside the cabin and
took a seat.
When the boat was opposite Goat Island
Moore rose from his seat, rushed to the
rail, threw his hat on the decs and shout
ing, "I have taken my last drink of
whisky," spraue overboard.
Captain John Leale, who witnessed the
act, immediately signaled the engines to
stop the steamer, and promptly ordered a
boat to be lowered. After a short search
Moore's body was found floating in the
wake of the steamer.
The body was taken into the boat and
thence hoisted aboard the steamer. Here
it was rolled over a barrel, and a physi
cian, who chanced to be aboard, was sum
moned, but when he came unon the scene
the last spark of life had departed.
On arriving at this side Captain Leale
notified the Coroner, and the body was re
moved to the Morgue. Here it was no
ticed that the man's ear was split, and it
was first supposed that death was the re
sult of a fracture of the sk ull, but an in
vestigation showed that it waa undoubt
edly due to drowning.
In the hat that Moore threw upon the
deck was found a letter addressed to the
deceased, at 187 Hyde street. The super
scription was written in bold characters,
apparently the handwriting of a man.
Inquiry at 187 Hyde street elicited the
information that J. Moore was a special
officer employed at the Baldwin Hotel for
the past ten years, but who was dis
charged a few months ago. He bad been
recently emp.oyed at the New Louvre.
He bad been drinking heavily lor some
time past and often expressed his inten
tion of committing suicide.
He left home last night about 7 o'clock,
saying that he intended to end his life, as
he was tired of the way he was living.
His wife left home about 5 o'clock to at
tend a supper at a friend's house, and was
unaware that her hu-band had committed
suicide. They had been married ten
years, but had no children. Moore waa an
absinthe- drinker.
FEEDING UPON GARBAGE
Sad Plight in Which Young
Francisco Fernandez Was
Discovered.
The Lad's Body Bears Marks of Vio
lence Inflicted, He Says, by
His Mother.
Officer W. T. Hooper of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ob
served a little boy eating some refuse from
a barrel in front of a fruit cannery, on
Francisco street, yesterday, as though
famished with hunger. Mr. Hooper asked
him what he was doing there and why he
was eating such disgusting food.
The lad, in answer, told a most pitiful
story. Hit name, he said, was Francisco
Fernandez, and until ten days ago he bad
been living with his mother at 4 Gerke
alley. According to the boy's statement,
his mother has been extremely cruel, beat
ing him with coal-scuttles, brooms, tea
kettles, hot pokers and other instruments
of torture whenever she took the notion,
which, he says, was pretty often.
Ten days aeo Francisco left his forlorn
abode and betook himself to a burrow
under the sidewalk on Francisco street,
whence he would occasionally emerge in
order to satisfy the cravings of i unger by
regaling himself on the apple cores, rotten
peaches and other garbage cast forth from
the cannery referred to. Whenever he
saw a police officer he would dodge be
neath the sidewalk or crawl into a barrel,
and had Mr. Hooper been in uniform
would doubtless have endeavored to .get
away from him.
The boy's body is in a frightful con
dition, bis left leg and side being a mask
of sores. His hands are scarred and burned,
he avers, by repeated contact with the hot
poker, which seems to have been a favorite
means of correction.
The lad was taken to the Connty
Hospital for treatment, and will be kept
there until cured. He is 10 years old, but
looks younger. His father died some years
ago. The case is now under investigation
by the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children.
BORAX BEDS OF INYO.
One Hundred Acre* of Vats Going— Lively
Politics and Need of a Railroad
and (.anal.
Among the arrivals at the Licit House is
W. M. Richards of Inyo County, who has
been agent for the Carson and Colorado
Railroad for over seven years at Keeler
and Independence. He has resigned to
engage in mining in Nevada County,
where his father, Captain Henry Richards,
has been prominently connected with the
mines for nearly forty years.
Mr. Richards is enjoying his visit to San
Francisco, after his seven years' work on
the desert.
He is an enthusiastic bicyclist, and in
tends making a tour of the mining coun
ties of the State on his electric bicycle
this month.
Mr. Richards says Inyo County needs
more and better railroad facilities, and
some good irrigation canals.
"The railroad should be extended from
Keeler through the Panamint and Death
Valley mining section, and connect it
either Barstow or Mojave," he said. "Th
lead and silver mines are the mainstay of
Inyo, at present, but there are only three
or four mines working, where sixteen or
eighteen were formerly worked.
"If the San Francisco and Ban Joaquin |
Valley Railroad Company ever extends
from Bakersfield through Walkers Pass
it will benefit Inyo County greatly, and
will have only a gap of sixty miles be
tween the two railroads.
"Inyo County is the third largest county
in the State, its area being 10.156 square
miles. There are 1014 voters registered in
Inyo County thisyear. They need protec
tion for their wool and soda, and the ques
tion is, How can they get it? Freight
charges are high to Inyo County points
from San Francisco and Sacramento, rang
ing from 2% to 2% cents per pound."
He says that the production of soda
from the beds of Inyo amounts to 3000
tons a year. Over 100 acres of vats are
now in use. The plant is being extended
every year. The crude soda is shipped to
San Francisco and Alameda to Smith's
borax works, and the price ranges from
$22 to $30 a ton. A. J. Laws, the superin
tendent of the Inyo Development Com
pany, which is operating the beds, has
twelve white men and thirty Chinese at
work.
ILLEGAL FISHING.
Six Men Arrested for Using Small H«ih
Nets.
Deputy Fish Commissioners John H.
and W. J. Davis, now patrolling the upper
bay in the launch Hustler, made two im
portant arrests early yesterday morning.
They made a run along Suisun Bay, and
below Roe Island found two men fishing
for bass with small mesh nets. The depu
ties started for Suisun with their prisoners,
and a iew miles further down the bay they
captured four more fishermen engaged in
the same illegal business, and when cap
tured had caught a number of striped bass
in tneir small mesn nets.
The six prisoners were taken to the town
of Suisun, and not being able to secure
$250 oail each went to jail.
DENIES THE WOMAN YARN
Millionaire Campbell Says He
Did Not Go to Meet
Any Girl.
The Winthrop Trial A'most Over.
Assumed Names by Which the
Prisoner Was Known.
The trial of Oliver W. Wintbrop is fast
drawing to a close. Yesterday the last
testimony of the defense was introduced
and the prosecution's evidence in rebuttal
was commenced. To-day or to-morrow
the arguments of counsel will probably be
heard and then the fate of the prisoner
will be in the hands of the jury.
Yesterday after John Forbel, James W.
Burling, J. M. Custer and Adolph Meyer
had told what they know of Winthrop's
character and general reputation, which
all agreed was >:ood up to the time of the
Matthews episode, the prosecution began
the introduction ol evidence in rebuttal.
A. M. Pierson, assistant superintendent
of Laurel Hill Cemetery, was called, and
asked whether E. J. M. Stanley owned a
lot there. Attorney Bell objected to the
question and a wrangle ensued, but Bell
subsequently withdrew the objection.
Pierson replied that the books do not
show that E. J. M. Stanley owns a lot,
but that one S. L. Stanley has a plat,
Cecil Brown, who has been Mr. Camp
bell's business agent for some time, said
that for a number of years his employer
did not carry a purse, but that recently he
has done so. He identified the purse
found on Winttirop as being in every
respect like the one Campbell has carried.
Mrs. Abbott Campbell, wife of the prose
cuting witness, also said the purse is
exactly like her husband's.
James Campbell himself was then re
called. He denied in toto Winthrop's
story about the veiled woman at 4109
California street, and said that Wintbrop
never rang the bell but opened tne door
with a key wnich he carried. Campbell
also denied making any arrangement
with Winthrop, or anyone else, to rent
the California-street cottage for him.
"Did you arrange for that house to meet
a woman there?" asked Judge Wallace.
"I did not," replied the witness.
Mrs. Dunton, from whom the cottage
was rented, denied Winthrop's story that
Urquhart rented the cottage. She said
she never saw Urquhart until she gazed
on him in the courtroom. She positively
identified Winthrop as the man to whom
she let her house.
"How is it you are better able to iden
tify Him now than you were when you
saw him in prison after his arrest?" asked
his Honor.
•'One reason," replied Mrs. Dunton. "is
that then I only gave him a glance. Now
I have heard him speak. His pronuncia
tion is peculiar. For instance he says
'aettin' ' instead of 'sitting.' "
"Then you consider yourself better able
to identify him now?" asked Lawyer
Bell.
"Yes; I identify him positively. There
can be no mistake," replied the witness-
In answer to a question Mrs. Dunton
said no one had tried to influence her tes
timony, and ancle dthat no one had better
attempt such a thing.
Attorney Bell earlier in the day made a
determined attempt to impeach the testi
mony of D. A. Urquhart. He tried to
prove that the witness had been convicted
of a felony. On Saturday afternoon a
record of an arrest and two years' im
prisonment in a Canadian prison was
introduced, but Urquhart denied having
ever been in Canada. He, however,
admitted having been twice arrested on
charges of felony, on which he had not
been convicted.
District Attorney Barnes then went into
Winthrop's army record. S. R. Taylor, a
United States quartermaster, told of how
he enlisted in Company B of the Tenth
Infantry in 1870. He said he then met
Winthrop, whom he knew as Standinger,
and served several years with him. He
said that it was after re-enlistingthat the
prisoner took the name of Winthrop.
Calkins was another name whicn Taylor
said Winthrop bore atone time. An inci
dent concerning a missing coat, which
was found in Winthrop's possession, was
also retailed, but was objected to ami not
admitted in evidence. On cross-examina
tion Taylor said that In 1870 Winthrop's
age was about 19, and that he did
not know him by that name until 1878,
when they met at Whipple barracks in
Arizona. Afterward they met in this
City in 1886.
Court was then adjourned nntil this
morning at 10 o'clock, in order that Mrs.
S. L. Stanley mieht come from Ukiah to
testify aa to the Tot in Laurel Hill Ceme
tery.
LAKE MERCED TUNNEL
A. K. Buckman, the Contractor, Com-
pletes a Difficult and Dangerous
l'iece of Work.
One of the most difficult pieces of en
gineering work ever undertaken in the
State has just been completed in the con
struction of the great Lake Merced tunnel
by A. E. Buckman, the well-known con
tractor, for the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, which required just seventeen
months of labor — botn night and day— to
complete. Owing to the many difficulties
encountered in eddies of subterranean
water it was impossible to complete the
work sooner.
The pressure of water upon the tunnel
compelled the system of shafts and up
per drift to be sunk and the engineering
difficulties met wi'h were embarrast-ine.
The work, however, was vigorously
pushed ahead by Mr. Buckman, who is,
indeed, to be congratulated on the satis
factory completion of *uch a diffic ult and
dangerous undertaking. Mr. Herman
Schussler, chief engineer of the Spring
Valley Water Company, directed the en
gineering part of tue contract.
AN ISHMAELITE
OF THE MISSION
Pitiful Tale of Wee Alberto
Conscio— Pariah, "Kid"
and "Guy."
WAS FOUND IN A BUGGY
Besought 0 ficer Kern, Who Dis
covered Him, Not to
Harm Him.
HUNGRY AND CLOTHED IN RAGS
P. Bacigalupi Accused of Neglecting
and Abusing the Outcast— His
Son's Story.
"It is only the short and simple annals
of the poor."
Thus spoke Father Crowiey, secretary
and general manager of the Youth's Di-
Little Alberto Conscio, Found in Rags in a Buggy at Buckman's
Camp by Officer Kern.
rectory, at 2030 Howard street, as he laid
his band upon the head of a little dark
faced chap, with a gypsyish appearance
and a most woe-begone look.
The little fellow referred to has a his
tory — short, it is true — but none the less
bitter and sorrowful for all that. He is
now in the care of those who will see that
his environment gives him a chance for
mental and physical development.
At 2:30 a. m. Sunday Patrolman Kern
was strolling down Sanchez street, when
his attention was directed to a buggy in
Buckman's oamp by a slight noise pro
ceeding therefrom. An investigation dis
closed the fact that in the box a little
fellow was curled up asleep.
On beinff awakened he pitifully begged
the officer not to harm him. He was
speedily reassured on thi« point, and was
immediately taken to the Seventeenth
and Howard streets station. When they
arrived there Lieutenant Burke got the
little waif to tell his story. He cannot
speak English very well, but managed to
make himself understood.
His name was given as Alberto Conscio
and his age as 10 years. He said he came
from Peru and with great tears welling up
in his eyes said he had no parents. They
had been dead as long as he could remem
ber. The only thing he knew was that
about three years ago some one brought
him to California and placed him in the
care of P. Bacigalupi, living at 24 Dolan
street.
They gave him very little to eat, the
outcast said, and made him sleep at night
on the cold kitchen floor. In addition, he
complained that he was at times cruelly
mistreated.
"Three days ago," continued the child,
"I came to the conclusion that 1 would
stand a better chance by myself and ran
away. I have wandered around nearly
everywhere and most of the time have
been without anything to eat.
"Once or twice some of the men at Buck
man's camp gave me something to eat when
I came around. Last niirht I crawled into
the buggy to sleep. Then that soldier
there found me and brought me here."
"Of all the sorry sights I ever saw in
all my life," said Lieutenant Burke, "it
was that poor, friendless, little outcast.
His clothes were nearly rags, in many
places the nude body showing through the
rents antl patches. His hair bad not been
shorn for months and was tangled and
matted in a way to set a currycomb at
defiance.
The T&es he wore were infested with
vermin, and directly above the instep of
the right foot was a blister as large as a.y
hand.
"We feared it would frighten the child
to put him into a cell and found an old
comforter in which to wraD him and let
him sleep in the station. In the morning
we had to put the comforter in tne ash.
barrel."
Yesterday the child was taken to the
Youth's Directory, where he will be prop
erly cared for. Father Crowiey kindly
placed him in his old garments yesterday
to give The Call artist an idea of his ap
pearance before bis bath and haircut.
Nobody was home at the Bacigalupi
mansion on Dolan street yesterday, but a
small son whom his companion denoini
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
nated "Pete" was playing ballon the side
walk.
"What you want to know who the kid is
for?" he inquired, looking keenly into the
face of the interrogator.
"Oh, you've got him at the Youth's Di
rectory, have you? Well, all I know about
him is that his parents died in Lima,
Peru, six years ago. A man broueht this
guy up here to a cousin, who wouldn't
have him, and the man gave him to us.
"He's no good. Want's to dress like a
'swell,' and run away. We had some one
hunting for him, and if we found him we
was agoin' to send him to a school iv San
Rafael."
SWALLOW D POISON
Mrs. £11 Hazel, 830 Geary Street, Died
at the Beceivlng Hospital.
Mrs. Eli Hazel, 830 Geary street, died at
the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon irom supposed poisoning, but the
nature of the drug will not be Known till
an autopsy is held at the Morgue.
Her husband is employed by A. L. Ban
croft «fc Co., 324 Post street. H - got to the
hospital a few minutes before she died.
He could assign no reason for his wife
committing suicide.
"I left her this morning." he said, "and
she seemed as happy as possible. She has
been drinking heavily, and last night I
thought she was on the verge of delirium
tretuens; but she appeared to be ail right
this morning. I cannot believe that she
took poison.
Hazel and his wife had rooms at 830
Geary street. About 2 o'clock yesterday
afternoon another lady roomer discovered
Mrs. Hazel in an unconscious condition.
She notified the landlord and he sent for
Dr. Sus^man. After examining her, the
doctor thought she was sufferinsr from
chloroform or laudanum poisoning and
ordered that she should be sent to the
hospital. The patrol-wagon was sum
moned, but when she was placed on the
operating table it was evident that she
, could not live many minutes.
OFFERS TO GIVE A FARM.
Mrs. Phoebe Hearst's Generosity
to the Presbyterian
Orphanage.
All the Money Already Collected
Will Now Be Devoted to
Building.
Great satisfaction was expressed yester
day at the meeting of the San Francisco
Presbyterian Orphanage and Farm, at
a letter from Mrs. Phoebe A. Hearst, offer
ing to donate a tract of land at San An
sel mo to be used as the orphanage farm.
For some months past the directors
have been trying to raise money to buy a
property at San Rafael, and it is only
owing to a legal technicality that the first
installment of money has not yet been
paid. The price of this land is considered
to have been very high, and to raise funds
to purchase it would have hampered the
building projects of the directors for some
time to come. Mrs. Hearst's offer t: ere
fore was joyfully accepted. A committee
to confer with Mrs. Hearst was apoointed
consisting of the president, Mrs. P. D.
Browne; the secretary, Mrs. W. Macßae;
the treasurer, Mrs. W. B. Noble; and the
chairman of the advisory committee, Dr.
Noble of San Rafael. It will be the object
of the committee to complete arrange
ments for accepting Mrs. Hearst's kind
offer as soon as possible, as building will
be commenced when the transfer of the
property is completed.
In view of acquiring a farm for nothing
it was resolved that all money donated or
hereafter donated to the orphanage
shall be put into buildings.
The first annual report of the Presbyte
rian Orphanage and Farm was issued yes
terday. It shows that the institution has
done extensive work during the first year
of its existence, although it had little or no
capital to start upon.
The annual donation party of the or
phanage will take place on the 24th at San
Rafael. Clothing for boys and grls under
14 years of age is particularly desired
The donation party will be preceded by a
basket luncheon at Mrs. A. £. Kent's in
San Rafael.
HoCoppin Claims the Credit.
The new streetcar mail service was formally
inaugurated yesterday. There was some slight
fear on the part of Superintendent Flint that
everything would not run smoothly, but the
results showed that these fears Were un
founded. True, there was a slight hitch iv the
Sacramento-street line, but that was due to an
unavoidable accident in the Dower-house of
the Market-street Railroad Company The
schedule, as published in The Call of Sunday
ETn C f a ,h rl^ OUt , »° Pertly as to create the
belief that in a few days a more rapid schedule
may with safety be inaugurated. Postmaster
Mf-Coppin said yesterday it was through his
efforts entirely that the new service was estab
lished. He began work on it. he said, as early
as October, 1895, and by continuous hammer
ing inJuced the department to authorize the
innovation. Mr. McOppin further said he
had had three independent powers to combat,
namely, the Postmaster-GentTiil, Harbor Com
missioners and the Market-street Railway
Company. How successfully he fought the
three lorces is seen in the estiiblishm-'i t of tue
most perfect city mail system in America.
Suicide of a Young Girl.
Mary MeNamara, while temporarily Insane,
committed suicide ai her home, 2424 Bryant
avenue, yesterday morning by swallowing
carbolic acid. About 8 o'clock in the morning
Mrs. McKlana, with whom she has been living
for some time, visited the girl's room and
found her unconscious. On a table was a vial
labeled "carbolic acid," showing plainly the
cause of the piri's illness. Half an hour after
Mrs. McKlana arrived the young woman died.
Miss MeNamara has recentl been confined in
a private asylum, but was released some
weeks ago. It is thought that she committed
the rash act wtiile suffering from the original
cause which led to her first incarceration.
The dead girl's mother lives in Vac»ville.
HEW TO-DAT.
Cbina at Half Price!
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday only,
150 Dozen Fine Thin Hand-decorated
China Teacups and Saucers, regularly 35,
40 and 50 cents, go at 20 ( ;E NTS.
175 dozen fT^\_
China Butter |*S J
Plates, deco- /^ if
rated in colors \+ y*.
and gold, reg- HSawT "*^.
ularly 60c, go £ /#"7/4 /^
at 30c per Il5J '// MjC \ •%.
65 pair Sucar T^JCWI -t» i
Bowls and x)r^T^ iil
Cream Pitch- W •!V s Otrwo/ ' :
ers, regularly T^^L."e\s^*>\
65c, go at 35c A^T^^^X\
per pair. f\ " \V*w
125 Cream 1 \ft t __/ \^J^9
Pitchers, reg- *ezi <ESHy ty~^ /^
ularly 20c and f- I yZ I 1 *■
25c, go at 10c c.*-\ I— / y *
each. • ' ■ •
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrove I s,
WANQENHtIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
: .i_ — , : : : __
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special ForjS Weet
ROYAL DUTCH CHOCOLATE.
Btnsdorp's U olland Vanilla hating Choco-
late pound, 2so
Regular, 40c.
WHISKEY. "~~
OLD GLORY, fine old Bourbon, nil, qts., $1 00
OLD CABIN, pure Rye, full quarts (regu-
lar « 125) - 5100
RYE or BOURBuN (five years), for family
or medicinal use, gallon (regular $3 50), $2 50
SHERRY OR PORT.
Pearl Vineyard (Napa County, vintage
1890). Sherry ■ r Port Wine, gallon $100
Regular, $1 SO.
OLIVE OIL.
O. Lafoa <fc Co., Bordeaux, France; the best
pure olive Oil. full quarts 600
Regular, 90c
PITTED MAMMOTH OLIVES.
New arr val of Extra Quality Pitted Mam-
.. moth Olives ....quarts, 50c; pints, 30c
Regular 50c and 90c.
FRENCH CASfILE SOAP.
Imported Virgin White Castile Soap. 2 bars 45c
Sapollo and Queen Lily Soap . .
•• 2 cakes 15c, dozen 900
Cocoa Floating Soap, for .oilet and bath
7 cakes 250
COLUMBIA RIVER SALMON.
Extra quality 100
MACARONI, VERMlimi, SPAGHETTI.
X-lb pkg. 3 for 25c; boxes of 4 lbs, 20c;
box of 10 lbs, 45c.
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
COB. lOti AND WASHINGTON STS. ) OAKLAND
1731-1736 SEVENTH STBEET f BRANCHES '
Misses
MaidS and
Mamas
' . Will find ease and ele-
gance in our — the
comfortable fit and the
shapely grace that go
with the "elastic step."
You will also find econ-
omy — our prices are fac-
tory prices — no retail-
ers' fancy profits.
MISSES' FINE SHOES, Kid or Cloth Top,
all of the best kinds of material 91.75
CHILDREN'S sizes, same shoe 81.35
LADIKS 1 Fine Welted Tailor-made Shoes,
In Winter Tan English Enamel Leather.
Box Calf, Full Dongola and Fine Vlci
Kid $3.00. 84.00 and 85.00
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes at 6:30 P. M. Saturdays. 10P-M
HEADQUARTERS
CALIFORNIA SILVER CAIFINI COJWITKE,
BALD HI! HOTEL.
MONSTER
SILVER MEETING!
METROPOLITAN HALL,
Wednesday Evening, Sept. 16,1896.
HOS. FRANK G. NEWLiSDS,
The Champion of Silver,
I*ol. 1. P. TATLOI,
j The Brilliant Orator of Denver,
WILL ADDRBSSJHE MEETING. r
Music and Campaign Songs by the Glee Club,
All Bryan Silver Clubs invited to be present.' - ; ;
WILLIAM P. LAWLOR, '■'.-:':. I
Chairman Campaign Commit tea.