VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 74.
NOGALES RAIDED BY FANATICS
Santa Teresa's Followers
Attack the Sonora
Town.
BLOODY BATTLE IN THE
DARKNESS.
Seven Mexican Citizens and
Eight of the Filibusters
Are Slain.
PURSUING POSSE RUNS INTO
AN AMBUSH.
A Second Encounter Disastrous to
the Rurales— Yaquis Join the
Revolutionists.
NOGALES, Ariz., Aug. 12. — BJood
flowed freely to-day in Nogales, Sonora,
a cross the Mexican Jine from this city.
At 2 o'clock in the morning a party of
seventy-five of Santa Teresa de Cabora's
Mexican fanatics — Mexican revolutionists
and Yaqui Indians — attacked the town
and attempted to carry the Mexican cus
tom-house by storm. A bloody battle fol
lowed, in which aeven of the revolution
ists were killed, one taken prisoner and a
half dozen others wounded, the latter be
ing borne away by their companions.
The Mexicans lost four killed, and as
many more were wounded. The sudden
ness of the attack prevented a combined
defense, and three of the custom-house
guards were slain before assistance could
arrive.
The raiders were repulsed and driven
out of town. A posse started in pursuit
only to run into an ambush a few miles
from town, and three of its members were
slain, while but one of the revolutionists
fell.
The battle in the darkness this morning
was waged for four hours. The invaders
entered the town on foot, yelling "Viva
Santa Teresa!" The Mexicans and a por
tion of th« Yaquis were armed with rifles
and machetes, and the balance of the In
dians carried tomahawks and bows and
arrows.
Before the guards of the custom-house
could prepare for a defense, the attacking
party was upon them, and two were shot.
Then an alarm was given, the big town
tire bell being sounded, and armed men
came pouring from every direction. The
soldiers had broken into the custom-house,
and when re-enforcements for the guards
arrived, they were firing into the resi
dences of Collector of Customs R.
Ogario and Mayor Garza Cortina.
Following the general alarm from the
firebell citizens of the American side of
the line secured all available guns, includ
ing four militia guns at the armory, ran
across the line and joined in the fight.
Tne battle then waged furiously until day
ight, when the revolutionists withdrew,
leaving the citizens of the town in pos
session of the field. During the fight the
townsmen had lost two more in killed,
and a number were more or less danger
ously wounded. The killed were: Manuel
Delahanty and Francisco Fernandez, Mex
ican customs guards: M. Perm, a Mexican
gendarme, and Cresencio Urbino, a Mexi
can citizen. Besides the seven Indians
killed and one wounded, one was taken
prisoner.
Captain P. Sanchez of the Mexican po
lice and four men left on horseback in
pursuit, being accompanied by Juan Fer
nandez, cashier of the Mexican custom
house and a brother of the customs guard,
Francisco Fernandez. They were am
bushed by the raiders five miles west of
Nogales near the line. The revolutionists
opened fire, killing the captain and the
horse ridden by Fernandez. As soon as
Sanchez 1 horse fell the indians fmade a
rush at Sanchez and beat him to death
with guns and machetes.
All but one of the other men escaped to
HON. GROVE L. JOHNSON, Congressman From the Second Dis
trict, Who Was Named for Re-election at Sacramento Yesterday.
[Drawn by a "Call " artut from a photograph by Hodson.]
The San Francisco Call
I Nogales and gave the alarm. Twenty
i men left for the scene and brought the
dead men in. One Indian had fallen in
the combat.
The Indians went on into the moun
tains near by, where they are camped to
j nipht. and are burning snap fires, which
j means that they are not through with the
I fight. It is expected that they will at
tempt to raid the town before daylight,
but if they do they will get a warm recep
tion, as the citizens and officers are guard
ing the town on both sides of the line, and
two companies of soldiers arrived at 10
o'clock from Huachuca.
Colonel Kosterlitski arrived to-night
with sixty picked men of the Mexican
gendarmes and left for the mountains,
where signal fires were burning. It is ex
pected that if he finds the raiders he will
wipe them out to a man, as he is a verit
able bloodhound and merciless in dealing
with offenders.
It was learned to-night that 500 Yaqui
Indians had joined the filibusters, and
that they crossed over to American soil.
The Indians seem to be crazed with their
fanatical ideas and their worship of Santa
I Teresa, but they evidently do not desire to
| injure Americans, as several who ran
: across the line when the firing began had
j their guns taken away and were told to get
i back as they were not after any one but
! the Mexicans.
These they expected to capture, and
then to assume control of the government
| affairs themselves. The attempt to enter
the residences of the customs collector and
the president of the town show this. The
main object of the raid was to secure the
arms, ammunition and money in the cus
tom-house, when they iutended to start
for the City of Mexico to overthrow the
Diaz Government. On the way thousands
of Indians and bandits would have joined
their ranks.
One of the Indians killed this morning
had a picture of Santa Teresa in one of
j his pockets, and another had a lock of her
hair in a little sack around his neck.
! They were a hard- looking set. They are
brave fighters and do not seem to know
what fear means, as they sta yed in the
town and fought long after daylight
against big odds. When they did retreat
| they toot their time and walked out of
town. ,
One of the dead Indians was a chief.
On his person were found two letters, sup
posed to be from Santa Teresa, but not
signed. One states, "Trust in God and
your expedition will be successful;" the
other says, "Money, guns and ammuni
tion are ready to go to the Yaqui River."
Late this evening one of the Yaqui chiefs
walked into a hut in'the south portion of
the town and was captured. This makes
two prisoners and eight dead Indians,
while seven of the officers and citizens are
dead.
Copies of the Independents, Lauro
Aguirre's paper, published at El Paso,
Tex., were received in town to-day, and
some copies were fonnd on the dead
Yaquis. These papers were dated June
28 and July 25, 1896, and were special
editions containing nothing but revolu
tionary matter against the Mexican Gov
ernment. Some people think Lauro
Aguirre was with the raiders, but no one
seems to have recognized him.
The prisoner, Francis Vasquez, was seen
by a correspondent. He says eighteen
Indians held a meeting last night at Tu
bac, twenty- two miles north of Nogales,
and organized for the start. They went to
Huevavi, eight miles from Nogales, where
they made a short stop before entering
the town at 3 o'clock. There about fifty
more Mexicans and Indians were in wait
ing. Within thirty minutes cfter their
arrival their attack was made on the Mexi
can Custom-house.
He says he does not know what their in
tentions were, but the chief told him to
come along and help make the attack or
he would 'be killed. He gives the follow
ing names of those who attended the
meeting:
LoreJo Bibas, head chief; — Mieuel, sec
ond chief; Juan Lujo, third chief; Louis
Lizo, Jose Salvado, Juan Alvares, Juan
Velasco*, Jose Bacacersi, Juan Bintemea,
Francisco Ramirez, Juan Lercino, Ignacio
Bachamo. Francisco Abram, Juan Sigma
lino. Juan Alvarez, Estcban Juielagez,
Juan Molino, Jose Morales and Rafael
Avico.
TROOPS HURRIED TO THE L INE.
Five Hundred Taquis Save Joined the
Revolutionists.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 12.— Early this
Continued on Third Paat.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 13, 1896.
THE NOTIFICATION MEETING AND THE UNINVITED GUEST.
JOHNSON NAMED
BY ACCLAMATION.
Renominated for Congress
by Second District Re
publicans.
NO DISSENTING VOICE.
The Representative Predicts a
Victory for His Party in
November.
DAWN OF BETTER TIMES.
Prosperity Will Come, He Says,
When the Factories of the Coun
try are Reopened.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 12.— Hon.
Grove L. Johnson received the unanimous
vote of the Second Congressional District
Republican Convention, which convened
in this city to-day, for Congressman, be
ing chosen without dissent or rollcall.
After the convention was called to order
Hon. John F. Davis of Amador was chosen
by acclamation as chairman and George
P. Royster as secretary. E. C. Hart, can
didate for Superior Judge in this county,
in an eloquent speech placed Grove L.
Johnson in nomination, and on motion he
was chosen by acclamation.
In his address to the convention John
son briefly reviewed the chances for a
Republican victory this year, declaring
they were growing brighter and brighter
as the people more fully comprehended
that it was the tariff instead of financial
measures that must be amended to insuie
prosperity throughout the United States.
He referred to the battles of our ancestors
for freedom and equal rights, and added:
"We have before us a greater battle this
fall. We are fighting for our homes and
firesides and the rights of the man to earn
his living honestly and be protected in so
dome."
After outlining the policy he would
pursue he said, in referring to the preven
tion of foreign immigration: "I believe
that the gangplank at Castle Garden
should be cast adrift," and added: "I
fully indorse the platform of the Republi- i
can National Convention and our grand j
banner-bearers, McKinley and Hobart,
and fully believe that they will lead the
party to victory."
In referring to the administration of the
Democratic party in National affairs on a
low tariff.basis he showed that the increase
in the National debt had been $262,000,000,
and claimed that when the revenues
should exceed the expenditures prosperity
to all would shortly follow. The mills
and factories would resume operations and
give the laboring man his rightful wages.
His speech was greeted with a burst of
wild applause, and at the conclusion Judpe
Fulweiler of Placer County placed Hon. J.
M. Welling of Nevada County in nomina
tion for Presidential elector, and Hon.
John F. Davis of Amador was named as
alternate. Both were chosen unani
mously. They promised to further the in
terests of the campaign by every means in
their power.
A Congre?sional committee consisting
of three members from Sacramento and
San Joaquin counties and two from the
other counties in the district was chosen
and empowered to fill all vacancies which
might occur, and an auditing committee
of five was appointed by the chair.
SONORA'S MURDER TRIAL.
Witnesses Testify Regarding Conflicting
Stories Told by Colonel Caleb
Dorsey's Slayer.
80N0RA, Cal., Aug. 12.— The trial of
John T. Newcomer for the killing of
Colonel Caleb Dorsey was continued to
day before Superior Judge Nicol. Imme
diately after the polling of the jury the
clothing worn by Colonel Dorsey at the
time of the shooting was handed to the
jury for examination. The overcoat,
coat, vest and undershirt bore mute but
conclusive testimony as to the manner in
which the deceased met his death, all
showing bullet-holes, while the vest and
undershirt were marked by a deep crim
son stain.
Edward Dorsey, a nephew of the de
ceased, recited the facts of the homicide
as far as he knew them, and in every par
ticular corroborated the testimony of Sam
uel Bateman given yesterday. He posi
tively denied any knowledge of what had
become of Colonel Dorsey's pistol, which
he had last seen in the mine office on the
morning of the tragedy, and which was
still there when his uncle left. Dorsey
testified that during the time himself, his
uncle and Newcomer were at the mill.
Shortly before the killing, Newcomer had
asked him in his uncle's presence to loan
him his mule, as he wished to go into
town and have a receiver appointed for the
mine, as he did not like the way the
"dough" (amalgam) was going. His uncle
and Newcomer then left the mill and went
toward the cabin, where Dorsey was killed.
This was the last time he saw him alive.
Benjamin Kollock, R. C. Davis and
Sheriff Y.incey testified to the accounts of
the shooting as Newcomer gave them.
This evidence was ma f erial, as the de
fendant told two of them that Dorsey had
tried to draw a revolver, and that he "got
the drop" on him and fired, while to the
other he stated that Dorsey had struck at
him and that he then fired and killed him.
The prosecution here rested.
Fresno Assessment* to Be Raised.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 12.— There bids fnir
to be exciting times in the City Board of
Equalization, now in session. It has served
notices on nearly all the large property
owners in the city to appear and show
cause why their assessments should not
be raised. In some instances it is pro
posed to nearly double the valuation.
The principal advances will be made in
the business portion of the city, but the
assessment on many residences will be
raised also.
TRAGEDY NEAR
SEQUOIA MILLS,
Robert Totton Slain in
the Presence of His
Sister.
A HUSBAND'S REVENGE.
Almost Decapitates His Victim
Because He Interceded
for the Woman.
ATTACKS HIM WITH A RAZJR
The Killing Follows a Quarrel Be
tween the Murderer and His
Wife.
FRESNO. Cal., Aug. 12.— A horrible
murder was committed at about 6 o'clock
last evening at a logging-camp near Se
quoia Mills in the mountains sixty-five
miles east of this city. Robert L. Totton
was almost decapitated by his brother-in
law, Cass Colvin, who wielded a razor.
The murderer immediately left camp and
took to the brush of the mountain wilds.
Officers are in pursuit.
Colvin and Totton were employed as
loggers, and Mrs. Colvin, who is Totton's
sister, cooked for the camp. According to
a meager report from the scene of the
tragedy, whicu is seven miles abovs Se
quoia Mills, Mrs. Colvin and husband
were quarieling when her brother came
up. He took her part and began up
braiding Colvin, and accused him of abus
ing his wife.
Colvin became enraged at the interfer
ence of tiis brother-in-law, and when an
accusation of mistreatment was made he
flew at Totton and knocked him down.
Then he whipped out a razor and sprang
upon the prostrate man. In the presence
of his wife Colvin slashed her brother's
throat a number of times, almost severing
the head from the body. Colvin executed
the terrible deed so quickly that Totton
could not resist. Blood spurted from the
wounds, and the victim died in a few min
utes.
Colvin then quietly ran to his room and
secured his rifle before the other loggers
learned what the trouble was and ran into
the brush. Since then he has not been
seen.
Coroner Long, Deputy District Attorney
Williams and Deputy Sheriff Timmins left
this morning for the scene of the killing,
as soon as the report reached this city.
Coroner Long and Deputy Williams will
conduct an inquest, while Deputy Sheriff
Timmins will take up the pursuit of the
murderer with the mountain Constables,
who are already out after the fugitive.
Armed with his rifle Colvin can find a
means of subsistence in the mountains for
a long time, and the officers do not look
upon his capture as an easy matter. The
fugitive is in the wildest of the Sierras.
. .. — ♦
FOUND BE RIND A PICTURE.
Stolen Valuables Recovered in a Resi
■■' dence Drawing- Room.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug 12.— About a year
ago bonds, securities and notes to the
value of $2500, together with some jewelry,
were stolen from the room of Miss Mac-
Niel, sister of the teacher of sciences in the
high school, in the library building. Miss
MacNiel had left the door to her room
open on 6 afternoon while she was gone
for several hours. When she returned, a
tin box, in which she kept the, papers and
jewelry, was missing. The authorities
searched high and low for the thief at the
time, but could get no trace of him.
\ A few days ago H. S. Hilton and wife
arrived in Fresno from the East and took
a room in the Taylor building. This
morning their mocking-bird escaped from
its cage and alighted on a picture hanging
on the wall. It attempting to catch the
songster Mr. Hilton struck the picture,
and from behind it rolled the $2500 worth
of papers which had been stolen from
Miss MacNiel. Mr. Hilton turned the
valuables over to City Marshal Woy, who
is making investigations. The box in
which the papers and jewelry were when
stolen was found in the same room sev
eral months ago.
«
Fresno's Exposition Postponed.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 12.— A meeting of
the committee which has had in charge
the projection of a big industrial exposi
tion in Fresno for October 8, 9 and 10 was
held to-night. The various subsidiary
committees reported good progress and
that the citizens of the city and county
were generally in enthusiastic accord with
the movement; but the committee decided
to suspend further work for the present.
The chief event to have been celebrated
during the exposition was the entrance of
the Valley road into the city, but as the
time when this will take place is now un
certain, the committee decided that it had
better wait before making arrangements.
«
fnuper* Givettfihatnrful Burial.
FRESNO. Cal., Aug. 12.— County Health
Officer Adair has been making investiga
tions at the cemetery regarding the burials
of paupers. It has developed that persons
who had a contract for burying the pau
per dead a year ago did not carry out their
part of the agreement. Some of the graves
have been found to be only about two feet
deep, and in one case a coffin was found
only eighteen inches below the surface of
the ground.
A Portland Tug Libeled.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 12.— The United
States Marshal to-day took charge of the
steamer Tonquin on libel proceedings
begun against its owner, John Kiernan,
and its master, Jirnest Loll, by Robert
Sudden, J. H. Jacobs, H. Hacklin, C. Jar
vis and A. Johnson for $10,000 damages.
The libelants own the schooner Barbara
Hernster, 400 tons register, and valued at
$14,000. Last May the Hernster, laden
with 180,000 feet of lumber, encaged the
Tonquin to tow her to sea. While in tow
the schooner was grounded and the lines
broke. The tug, it is claimed, refused to
throw a second line, and instead towed
her to deep water and then claimed $SCOO
salvage.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BRYAN IS
NOTIFIED.
Monster Meeting at Madi
son-Square Garden,
New York.
MUCH ENTHUSIASM FOR
THE NOMINEE.
The Immense Crowd Cheered
Until Forced by Exhaus
tion to Quit.
ADDRESS OF THE NEBRASKA
ORATOR.
Arthur Sewall's Notification Took
Place During the Audience's
Departure.
MADISON-SQUARE GARDEN, NEW
YORK, N. V., Aug. 12.— William Jen
nings Bryan and Arthur Sewell were for
mally notified to-night that they are the
choices of the Democratic party for the
highest offices in the gift of the people of
the United States.
Whatever might have been the political
inclinations of any person who attended
this grand ratification of the Democracy
at the spacious Madison-square Garden,
he must have been permeated with the
blindest prejudice not to have been
thrilled by the excitement and the enthu
siasm which prevailed during the entire
time the notification ceremonies lasted.
The presence of so stupendous a crowd of
human beings was in itself an eloquent
tribute to the importance attached to the
occasion.
Outside the garden the wildest excite
ment prevailed during the early evening
hours. At 6 o'clock Inspector Cortright,
who had charge of the police arrange
ments, established his post at the corner
of Madison avenue and Twenty-sixth,
street, and began the work of detailing his
assistants and their commands. In a very
short time a perfect cordon of uolice had
been perfected and extended along the
four sides of the building. No one was
permitted to cross the line until the time
advertised for the opening of the doors.
Over 1000 policemen were stationed in and
about the hall.
At 7 o'clock the doors were thrown open
and despite the efforts of the police to re
strain them the crowds on every side made
desperate rushes for the entrance. A wild
scene of turmoil ensued at the main en
trance. Men, womtm and policemen were
jumbled together in an indiscriminate
mob. Men tore each other's and their
own clothes in their frantic endeavors to
sain admission, and matters looked seri
ous for some moments. Shriek after
shriek came from the women in the strug
gling mass and several fainted. Then the
police rallied, and with a vigorous use of
their clubs formed a line and thereafter
there was a semblance of order.
Seats on the platform immediately in
the rear of the rostrum had been reserved
for members of the National Committee,
members of the notification committee
and a few distinguished Democrats. Sen
ator Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the
National Committee, was an early comer.
Senator Stewart of Nevada, a pioneer in
the silver cause, was conspicuous. Many
of his colleagues in the Federal Senate
were near at band.
Sporadic cheering in the audience and
hand-clapping on the stand greeted the
arrival of Mr. Sewell and other notables.
But when the young wife of the .Neoraska
nominee entered the bo.x reserved for the
use of herself and her friends, the assem
blage let itself loose for the first time.
Mrs. Bryan rose to bow her thanks.
The cheering became more intense. She
bowed again and again and still they
cheered. Finally the cheering ceased and
Mrs. Bryan began wielding a broad palm
leaf fan and surveyed the audience. In
the box with Mrs. Bryan were Mr. and
Mrs. Bland, Mrs. Stone, Mrs. Macyof New
York and Clark Howell, editor of the At
lanta Constitution.
It was just 8 o'clock when Mr. Bryan
entered. When he stepped on the stand
and w»s recognized by many in the
audience, a great cheer went up. "Bryan,
Bryan.Bryan," was the shout of those who
Knew him, and as members in the crowd
realized that the hero of the evening had
come the cheering became louder and
louder and threatened not to stop. But it
did stop at last and those who timed it
said that the ovation had lasted six
minutes.
At 8:15 Senator Jones announced that
he had been directed by the National Com
mittee to nominate as chairman of the
meeting Hon. Elliott Danforth of New
York. Mr. Danforth was cheered with
hearty good will. He presented Governor
William A. Stone of Missouri, chairman
of the committee on notification. There
was more cheering as Missouri's chief
executive gave formal notification to
Messrs. Bryan and Sewall of their nomi
nation by the Democratic convention.
There were hisses when he spoke of the
British gold standard in force in America
and more hisses when he spoke of Marcus
Aurelius Hanna. Toward the end of bis
speech the audience began to grow im
patient and cried for "Bryan." Governor
Stone saiii, in part: /
Mr. Chairman: We are here this evening to
give formal notice ot their selection to the
gentlemen nominated by the National Demo
cratic Convention as candidates for President
and Vice- President of the United States.
Hitherto, by immemorial custom, the pleas
ing duty of delivering notifications of this
character has devolved upon the permanent
chairman of the National Convention, acting
by virtue of nis office as chairman of the noti
fication committee. Except for unfortunate
circumstances, unexpected and unavoidable,
the usual custom would not have been de
parted from in the present instance. I regret
to say, however, that unforeseen events of a
personal nature have arisen which makes It
practically impossible for the chairman of the
convention, the Hon. fctephen M. Wrjite of
California, to be in New York at this time. A
few days since he telegraphed me to the effect2
and did me the honor to request me to repre- I
sent him on this occasion. While I greatly ap
p-eciate the compliment conierred by this
designation, I cannot but deplore the enforced
absence ol the distinguished orator from Cali
fornia, and I am directed by him to express his
sincere regret at his inability to be prt-sent
and participate in the interesting ceremonies
of this hour.
Of all questions in the current political
affairs of this day and generation the financial
question rises to such supreme importance
that all other subjects are practically exclut«d
from present consideration. The Chicago con
rention declared in so many words th»t until
Ihis great paramount issue was definitely |
settled, and setiled right, the consideration of |
■11 other important questions upon which the i
people are seriously divided snould be post- i
poned, or at least not pressed upon public or
legislative attention. Around this, one su
preme issue the great battle of 1896 is to cc
fought For the first time it has been fairly
presented without evasion or disguise. Both
parties have taken position boldly.
Both are confident aud defiant. Between
them tne American people are arbiters and aa
sulu they are to p»S9 judgment upon the most
important question presented to them since
tbe storm of civil -.var wrecked happy homes
and left its bloody trail upon the laud. They
are to pass judgment upon a Question which,
I profoundly believe, affects as no other ques
tion can, not ouiy the present happiness and
prosperity of tne peop.e, but tha felicity of
their children, the perpetuity of American in
stitutions, tne well-being of mankind.
The Chicago platform has been denounced
as un-Democratic and the delegates composing
the convention have been stigmatized as an
archists and socialists. We have heard much
of this from » certain class of papers and iniiL
viduftls. on Saturday lait in my own State an !
ex-Democratic Supreme Court Judge Chirac- !
terized the Chicago platform as a "bundle of
Populistic notions, saturated brimful with
socialism aud anarchy," and at the same time
an ex-Democratic corporation attorney oi
some distinction declared that American citi
zenship meant government, "not by unthink
ing, unheeding masses, but by the elements
which are guided by judgment aud reason."
"Unthinking, unheeding masses" is good;
"The elementa which are guided by judgment
and reason" is extra good. It is at feast a
blight modification of Vanderbilt's arrogant
anathema, "Damn the people," and for the
smail concession we ought to be duly grateful.
Who composed the Chicago convention?
From the t^tate in which reside the gentlemen
from whom I have quoted the delegation scut
to that convention was composed of farmers,
lawyers, doctors, editors, merchants, manu
facturers and several of the must conspicu
ously successful business men in tne Missis
sippi Vai.ey— among them also were the emi
nent judges 01 high courts, senators of tne
United States, representatives in Congress and
the Trea:*urer and Governor of the Siute. That
delegation was chosen by one of the greatest
conventions ever assembled in that State, rep
resenting all classes of the commonwealth,
what übb true of Missouri was equally true of
all ihe States. If these men could not speak
for tbe Democratic party, who could? If these
men do not understand Democracy, who are
iis exponents?
Sir, the man who holds up to oprjrobium
such men as constituted the Chicago conven
tion and denounces them ascranks.auarchists
or socialist-, or who in any respect impugns
their intelligence or patriotism, does himself
most rank injustice, if he be not a knave, a |
slanderer or a fool. That convention did in- I
deed represent t lie "masses" of the people —
the great industrial and producing musses of
the people. It represented the men who plow j
and pi«.nt; who fatten herd?; who toil in j
shops; who iell forests and delve in mines.
But are these to be regarded uith contumely!
and addressed in words of contempt? Why,
sir, these are the men who feed aud c!otlie I
trie Nation ; whose products make up the sum ]
oi our exports; who produce the wealth of tne
Keputjlic; who bear the heaviest burdens in j
time of peace; who are ready always to give I
their Hie blood for their country's" flag; in
short, these are the men whose sturdy arms
aud faithful hands uphold ihe stupendous
fabric of our civilization.
For a leader they chose one of tbeir own— a
plain man of the people. His whole life ana i
lifework identifies him, in sympathy and in- '
terest, with tnose wiio represent the gieat in- j
dut trial forces of tho country. Among them j
he was born and reared ami has lived aud I
wrought all the days of his life. To their cause j
he has devoted all tlce powers witn
which God endowed him. He has been their :
ecu ißnt and iearlcss (ompnuion. They know
him and ti.ey trust him. Suave, yet firm; gen
tle, yet dauiitiess; warm-hearted, yet deiiber- ;
ate; confident and >eii-poised, but without \
vr.nity; learned in books *i:d statecrait, but
without pedantry or pretense ; a superb orator,
yet a man oi the caution and method;
equipped with experience with public affairs,
true to his convictions, true to himseli and
false to no man, William J. Bryan is a model |
American gentleman. Tnis man is our leader. \
Under his banner and guioed by his wisdom
we will go forth to conquer. Let u^ rally
everywhere— on hilltops and in the valleys—
and sinke ior come and loved ones and our
native land.
I huve no doubt of victory. It is as sure to
come as the rising oi the »uu and it will come '
like a sunburst, scattering the mists, and the I
Nation, exu.tant and happy, will leap forward
like a giant refreshed to'that high destiny it
was dcs gned to accomplish. This man will be
President. His administration will be a
shining epoch in our aistory, for he will leave
behind him a name made illustrious by great
achievements, by dseds that wi.l embalm him
forever in the hearts aud uiemory oi his coun
trymen.
Mr. Bryan, I esteem it a great honor, as it is i
most certaitny a pleasure, to be made the Iv- !
strument of informing you. as I now do, that >
you wee nominated for the office of President
of the United States by the Democratic Na
tional Convention whicu assembled in Chicago
July last. I hand you this tormal notice of
your nomination, accompanied by a copy of the I
piaiorm adopted by tnat convention, and
upon ihat platform I have the honor to request ;
your acceptance oi the nomination tendered.
YOB are the candidc.e of the Democratic
party, but you are more than that— you are
the candidate of ail the people, without re- :
Ksrd to party, who believ* in the purposes |
your election is intended to aceom^lUh. This j
battle must be fought upon ground high above
the level of partisanship. 1 hope to see you
unfurl the flag iv tne name of America and
American manhood. In baying this I but re
peat the expressed wish of the convention
which nominated y>u. Do this, and tnouph j
you will not have iuiliions of money at your j
command, you will have millions of sturdy
Americans at your back. Lead on and we wiu
follow. Who will not follow here is unworthy j
to lead in any cause. Lead on with unfalter
ing step, and may God's blessing attend you
and his omnipotent hand crown you with suc
cess.
When Governor Stone concluded a man
began to wave a big American flag over !
Mr. Bryan's hend. The crord went wild I
with enthusiasm, ana rose as a unit when I
Chairman Danforth stepped forward and j
introduced Mr. Brvan. Then came a !
demonstration that lar exceeded those )
that had followed the previous mention oi I
Bryan's name during the evening. The !
scene presented was strongly reminiscent
of th» tumult that raged in the Coiliseum
at Chicago when Bryan finished the effort
preceding his nomination.
Men and women rose to their feet ar>d
cheered. On the platform, in tbe boxes,
in the galleries peopie were shouting like
mad. Men waved their coats and their
hat*: women fluttered fans and handter- '
chiefs. The baud struck up a lively air j
and added to the din. Mr. Bryan held ud !
his hand for silence. It was "like nn in«
cen tive to yell louaer. The crowd would
not be thwarted. Finally, Mr. Bryan sat
down wearily, but in a second jumped up
acain, with hand upraised for silence.
The shouters were getting weary by this
time, but the restraining hand made* them
take a last lease on their efforts.
Senator Jones shouted : "I appeal to this
crowd to be in order." But he was not
listened to ana the crowd did not cease
until it felt like it.
Mr. Bryan rose and stepped to the front
and cditer of the speaker's platform. In
his hand he bad a manuscript copy of his
speech. His face was pale, but be was cool
and calm. After several attempts, inter
rupted by spasms of enthusiasm on the
part of the audience, Mr. Bryan began in
earnest. His voice was firm, but showed
signs of hoarseness, he read from many- I
script, but occasionally dropped the sheets j
of paper and spoke earnestly and vehe- :
mently without looking at them.
During the speecn he was frequently in
terrupted oy cheers and applause. His
reference to the income tax was loudly
cheered, as also was his reference to the
bale of bonds. The audience also mani
fested its approval at various stages of the
free sliver argument. When some of the
more tellins; points in this discussion
were reached the audience yelled with all j
its might and the speaker was compelled
to stop until order was rentored. When,
in conclusion, Mr. Bryan said he expected
the co-operation of ail present, a voice
cried, "You have it." And the audience
again roared in unison.
Mr. Chairman, Gentlemen of the Committee
and Fellow-citizens: I hha.l, at a future day
and in a formal letter, accept the nomination
which is now tendered by the notification
committee, and I shall at that time touch
upou the issues presented by the platform. Il
is ti ting, however, that at this time, in the
presence of those here assembled, I speak at
some length in regard to the campaign upon
which »t' are now entering. We do not under
estimate the forces arrayed against us, nor are
we unminufulof the importance of the struggle
!u which we are engaged; but, relying for
success upon the righteousness o| our cause
we shall defend with all possible vigoi the
positions taken by our party.
We are not surprised th"at some of our op
ponents, in the Hbsence of better argument,
resort to abusive epithets, but they may rest
assured that no language, however violent, no
invective, however vehement, will lead us
to depart a single hair's breadth from the
course marked out by the National Conven
tion. The citizen, either public or private,
who assails the character and questions the
patriotism of the delegates assembled in the
Chicago convention avails the character and
questions the patriotism of the millions who
have arrayed themselves under the banner
tliere raised. It has been charged by men
standing high in busine-s and political circles
that our platform is a menace to private and
public security, and that those whom I have
the honor for the time being to represent not
only meditate s,n attack upon the rights of
preperty, but are the foes both of social order
and National honor.
Those who stand upon the Chicago platform
are prepared to make known and defend every
motive vvnich influences them, every purpose
which animates them and every hope which
inspires them. They understand the genius
of our institutions ; 'they are stanch support
ers of the form 01 government under which
we live, end they build their faith upon foun
dations laid by their fathers. Andrew Jackson
has stated, with admrable clearness and with
an emphasis which cannot be surpassed,
both tbe duty and the sphere of govern
ment. He said: "Distinctions in society
will always exist under every just govern
ment. Equality of Ulents, of education or of
v.ealth cannot be produced by human insti
tutions. In the full enjoyment of the gifts of
heaven and the fruits of superior Industry,
economy and virtue, every man is equally en
titled to protection by law."
We yield to none in our devotion to the
doctrine just enunciated. Our campaign has
not for its object the reconstruction of society.
We cannot insure to the vicious the fruits of a
virtuous life; we would not inv«de the home
of the provident in order to supply the wants
of the spendthrifi; we do not propose to trans
fer the rewards of industry to the lap of indo
lence. Property is and will remain the stimu
lus to endeavor and the compensation for
toll. We believe, as a-serted in the Declara
tion of Independence, that all men are created
equal; but that does not mean that all men
are or can be equal in possessions, in ability
or in merit; i; simply means that all shall
stand equal before the law, and that Govern
ment ofliiials shall not, in making, construing
or enforcing the law, discriminate between
citizens. I assert that property rights, as well
as the rights of persons, are safe in the hands
ot the common people. Abraham Lincoln, in
his wc.-snge scut to Congress in December,
1861, said: ''No men living are more worthy
to be trusted than those who toil up iroiii
poverty, none less inclined to take or touch
aught which they have not honestly earned."
I repeat bfls language with unqualified ap
proval and join with him in the warning
which lie added, namely: "Let them beware
of surrendering a political power which they
already possess, and which power, if surren
dered, will surely be used to close the doors
of advancement against such as they and to
fix new disabilities and burdens upon them
till all of licerty shall be lost."
Those who daily follow the injunction, "In
the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread,"
are now, as they ever have been, the bulwark
of law and order, the source of our Nation's
greatness in time of peace, and its surest de
fenders in time of war.
But I have only read a part of Jackson's
utterance. Let me (rive you his conclusion:
"But when the laws undertake to add to those
natural and just advantages artificial distinc
tions, to grant titles, gratuities and exclusive
privileges, to make the rich richer and the
potent more powerful, the humble members of
society— the larmers, mechanics and the day
laborers — who h«ve neither the time nor the
means of securing like favors for themselves,
have a right to complain of the injustice 01
their Government."
Those who support the Chicsgo platform ln>
dorse all oi the quotation from Jackson— the
lauer as well us the former part.
We are n~; surprised to find arrayed against
us those who are the beneficiaries of Govern
ment irtvont'.sm— they have read our platform.
Nor are we surprised to learn that we must in
this campaign face the hostility of those who
find a pecuniary advantage in advocating the
d. c;r:ne of nou-intertereiice when great aggre
gations oi wealth are trespassing upon the
rights of individuals. We welcome such op
position — it i* the hmhest indorsement which
could be bestowed upon us. We are content
to have tne co-operation of those who desire to
have the Government administered without
fear or favor.
It is not the with of the general puMic that
trusts should spring into existence and over
ride the weaker members of society; it is not
the wish of the general public. that these trusts
should destroy competition and then collect
such tax as they will from those who are at
tneir mercy; nor is it the fault of thj general
public that the instrumentalities of govern
ment have been so often prostituted to pur
poses of private gain.
Those who stand upon the Chicago platform
believe that the Government should noi only
avoid wrongdoing, but that it should also
prevent wrongdoing; and they believe that
the law should be enforce alike against all
enemies of the publfc weal. They do not ex
cuse petty larceny, but tney declare that grand
larceny is equally a crime; they do not defend
the occupation of the highwayman who robs
the unsuspecting traveler, but they include
tmonx the trans?" ressors those who, through
the more polite and less hazardnus means of
legislation, appropriate to their own use the
proceeds of the toil oi others. The command
ment "Thou shalt not steal," thundered from
Pinai and reiterated in the legislation of all
nations, is no respecter of persons. It must
be applied to the great as well as the sma:l, to
the strong as well as the weak, to the corporate
person created by law as well as to the person
of flesh iind blood created by the Almighty.
No Government is worthy of the name which
is not able to protect from every arm uplifted
for bis injury the humblest citizen who lives
beneath its nag. It loilows as a necessary con
clusion that vicious legislation mu.-t be rem
edied by the people who suffer from the effects
of such legislation and not by those who en
joy its benefits.
The Chicago platform has been condemned
by some because it dissents from an opinion
rendered by the Supreme Court declaring the
income tax unconstitutional. Our critics even
go so far as to apply the name of anarchists
to those who stand upon that plank of the
platform. It must be remembered that we
expressly recognize the binding force of thai
decision so long as it stands as the part of the
law of the land. There Uin the platform no
suggestion of an attempt to dispute the
authority of the Supreme Court. The party is
simpiy pledged to use "all the constitutional
power which remains after that decision, or
which may come from its reversal by the court
as it may hereafter be constituted." Is there
any disloyalty in that pledge?
For a hundred years tne Supreme Court of
the United States has sustained the principle
which underlies th« income tax. Borne twenty
years ago this same court sustained without a
dissenting voicean income tax law almost iden
tical with the one recently overthrown. Has
not a future court <s much right to return to
the judicial precedents of a century as the
present court bad to depart from them? When
courts allow rehearing* they admit tnat error
is possible; the late decision against the in
come tax was rendered by a majority of one,
atter a rehearing. While the money que«tion
overshadows all other questions in importance,
I desire it distinctly understood I snail offer
no apology for the income tax plank of the
Chicago platform.
The la*t income tax law sought to apportion
the burdens of Government more equitably
among those who enjoy the protection of the
Government. At present the expenses of the
Federal Government, collected through in
ternal revenue taxes and import duties, are
especially burdensome upon the poorer classes
of society. A law which collects from *ome
citizens more than their share of the taxes
and collects from other citizens less than their
share is simply an Indirect means of trans
ferring one man's property to another man's
pocket, and while tho process may be quite
satisfactory to the men who escape 'just taxa
tion, it can never be satisfactory to those who
are overburdened. The last income law, with
its exemption provision*", when considered in
connection with other metnods of taxation in
force, was not unjust to the possessors of large
incomes, bee use they were not compelled to
pay a total Federal tax greater than their
share.
The income tax is not new nor is it based
upon hostility to the rich. The system is
employed in several of the most important
nations of Europe, and every income tax law
now upon tne statute-books in any land, so far
as I have been able to ascertain, contains an
exemption clause. While the collection of an
income tax in other countries does not make
it necessary for tnis Nation to adopt the
system, yet It ought to moderate the language
os those who denounce the income tax a« an
assault upon the well-to-do. Not only shall I
refuse to apologise lor the advocacy of an
income tax law by the National Convention,
but I shall also refuse to apologize for tha
exercise by it of the right to dissent irom a
decision of the Supreme Court. In a govern
ment like ours every public official is a public
servant whether be holds ..ffiee by election or
by appointment, wheth-r he serves lor a term
01 ytars or during g>od behavior, and the
people nave a right to criticize his official acts.
to:fideuce is everywhere the parent of
despotism ; free government exists in jealousy
and not in co ifidenoe. These are the words of
Thomas Jefferson, and I submit that they
present a truer conception of popular govern
ment than that entertained by those who
would prohibit an unfavorable comment upon
a court decision. Truth will vindicate itself;
only error tears free speech. No public official
who conscientiously discharges his duty as he
sees it will desire to deny to thooe whom he
serves the right to discuss nis official conduct
Now let me ask you to consider the para
mount question of this campaign— the money
question. It is scarcely necessary to defend
tne principle of bimeta lism. No National
party during the entire history of the United
States has ever declared against 11 and no
party in this campaign has had the temerity to
oppose it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
Three parties — the Democratic, Populist and
Silver parties— not only declared for bimetal
lism, but have outlined the specific legislation
necessary to restore silver to its ancient posi
tion by the side of gold. The Republican plat
form expressly declares that bimetallism is
desirable when it pledges the Republican
party to aid in securing it as toon as the assist
ance of certain foreign nations can be ob
tained. lho.se who represented the minority
sentiment in tbe Chicago convention opposed
the free coinage of siiver by the United States
by independent action, on the ground that in
their judgment it '"would retard or entirely
prevent the establishment of international bi
metallism, to which the efforts of the Govern
ment should be steadily directed." When they
asserted that the efforts of the Government
should be steadily directed toward the estab
lishment of international bimetallism they
condemned monometallism.
The gold standard has been weighed in the
balance and found wanting. Take from it the
powenul support of the money-owning and
the money-changing classes and it cannot
stand for one day in any nation in the world.
It was fastened upon the Uuited States with
out discussion before the people, and Its
friends have never yet been willing to risk a
verdict beiore the voters on that issue.
There can be no sympathy or co-operation
betweer the advocates of a universal Kold
standard and the advocates of bimetallism.
Between bimetallism— whether independent
or international— and the gold standard there
ie an impassable gulf. Is this quadrennial
agitation in favor of international bimetal
lism conducted in good taith, or do our op
ponents really desire to maintain the gold
standard permanently? Are they willing to
confess the superiority of a double standard,
when joined in by tbe leading nations of the
world, or do they still insist thai gold is the
only metal suitable for standard money among
civilized nations? If they are in fact desirous
of securing bimetallism, we may expect them
to point out the evils of a gold standard and
defend bimetallism as a system. If, on the
other hand, they are bending their energies
toward the permanent establishment of a gold
standard, under cover of a declaration in
favor of international bimetallism, I am justi
fied in suggesting that honest money cannot
be expecied at the bands of those wno deal
dishonestly with the American people.
>Vhat is the test of honesty in money? It
must certainly be found in the purchasing
power of the dollar. An absolutely honest dollar
would not vary in its general purchasing power;
it would be absolutely stable when measured by
average prices. A dollar which increases in
purcnasiug power ii just as dishonest as a dol
lar which decreases in purchasing power.
Professor Laughlin, now of the University of
Chicago and one of the highest gold standard
authorities, in his work on bimetallism not
only admits that gold does not remain abso
lutely stable in value, but expressly as
serts ''that there is no such thing as
a standard of value for future pay
ments either in gold or silver which
remains absolutely invariable." He even sug
gests that a multiple standard, wherein the
"unit is based upon the selling prices of a
number oi articles of general consumption"
would be a inor>i just standard than either
cold or silver or both, because "a long-time
contract would thereby be paid at its maturity
by thft same purchasing power aa was given iv
the beginning."
It cannot be successfully claimed that mono
metallism or bimetallism or any ottier system
gives an ab«oluiety just standard of value.
Under both monometallism and bimetallism
the Government fixes tne weight and fineness
of the dollar, invests it with legal-tender qual
ities and then opens the mints to its unre
stricted coinage, leaving the purchasing power
of the dollar to be determined by the number
of dollars. Bimetallism is better than mono
metallism, not because it gives us a perfect
dollar — that is, a dollar absolutely unvarying
in its geueral purchasing power— but because
it makes a nearer appioach to stability, to
honesty, to justice, than a gold standard possi
bly can".
Prior to 1873, when there were enough open
minis to permit all tbe gold aud silver avail
able for coinage to hud entrance into the
world's volume of standard money, the United
States might have maintained a goid stand
ard with less injury to the people of this
country, but now. when each step toward a
universal gold standard enhances the pur
chasing puwer of goid, depresses prices and
t.-ansfers to the pockets of the creditor class an
unearned inurement, the influence of this Na
tion must be thrown upon the tide ot gold,un
less we are prepared to accept the natural and
legitimate cons, quence* of such an act. Any
legislaiion which .essens ihe world's stock of
standard money increases the exchang< able
value of the dollar; therefore, the crusade
against silver must inevitably raise the pur
chasing power of money and lower tha money
value oi all other forms of property.
Our opponent- sometimes admit that it was a
mistake to demonetize silver, but insist that we
should submit to existing conditions rather
than return to the bimetallic system. They err
in supposing we have reached the end ol the
evil results ol a goid standard. We have not
reacned the end; tae injury is a continuing
one, aud iu> person can say how lon* the world
is to suffer from the attempt to make gold the
only standard money.
The tame influences which are now operat
ing to dcs roy siiver in the United States will,
if successful here, be turned against other
silver using cr untries, and each new convert
to the gold standard will add to the general
distress. So long as the scramble for gold con-'
tiuues prices must tail, and a general fall in
prices is but another definition vi hard times.
Our opponents, while cliiming entire disin
terestedness for themselves, have appealed to
the selrishne.-s oi nearly every class of society,
recognizing the disposition of the individual
voter to consider tae effect of auy proposed
legislation upon himself. We present to the
American people the financial policy outlined
in the Chicago platform, Deheving that it will
result in the greatest good to the greatest
number.
The farmers are opposed to the gold standard
because vhey have lea its effects. Since they
sell at wholesale and buy at retail tney have
lost more than they have gaineu by falling
priies and, besides this, they have found that
certain lixed charges have not fallen at all.
Taxes have not been perceptibly decreaied.al
tbough it requires more of farm products now
than formerly to secure money with which to
pay tuxes. Debts have not fallen. The farmer
who owed $1000 is still compelled to pay
$1000. although it may be twice as difficult as
formerly to obtain the dollars with which to
pay the'debt. Railroed rates have not been
reduced to keep pace with the falling prices,
and besides these items there are many more.
The iarmer has thus found it more and more
difficult to live. Has he not a just complaint
against the gold standard.
The wage-earners have been Injured by a
gold standard and have expressed tnemselves
upon the subject with great emphasis. In
February, 1890, a petition asking for the im
mediate restoration of the free and unlimited
coinage of sold and silver at 16 tol was signed
by the representatives of all or nearly all the
leading labor organisations and presented to
Congress. Wage-earners know that while a
gold standard raises the purchasing power of
the dollar it makes it more difficult to obtain
possession of the dollar. They know that em
ployment Is less permanent, loss of work more
probable and re-employment less certain. A
goid standard encourages tbe hoarding of
money, because money is rising. It also dis
courages enterprise and paralyzes industry.
On the other hand, the restoration of bimetal
lism wilt discourage hoarding, because when
prices are steady or rising money cannot afford
to lie idle in the' bank vaults.
The farmers and wage-earners constitute a
considerable majority of the people of the
country. Why should their interests be ig
nored in considering financial legislation? A
monetary 6ystem which is pecuniarily advan
tageous to a few syndicates has iar less to
Commend it than a system wbich would give
hope and encouragement to those who create
the Nation's wealth.
Our opponents have mada a special appeal
to those who hold fire and life insurance poli
cies, but those policy-holders know that since
the totul premiums received exceed the total
losses paiu, a rising standard must be of more
benefit to the companies man to tue policy
holders.
Much solicitude has been expressed by our
opponents for the depositors in savings banks.
Tney constantly parade before these deposi
tors the advantages of a gold standard, but
the>e appeals will be iv vain, because savings
banks depositors know that under a gold stan
dard there is increasing danger that they will
lose tlieir deposit*, because of the inability ot
the banks to collect their assets, and they still
further know that if tha gold standard is to
continue indefinitely they may b« compelled
to withdraw their deposits in order to pay liv
ing expense*.
It is only necessary to note the Increasing
number of failures in order to know that a
gold stand ird is ruinous to merchants and
manufacturers. These men do not make their
profits irom the people from whom they bor
row money, but from the people to whom they
sell their good*. If the people cannot buy re
tai:ers cannot sell, and it retailers cannot sell
wholesale merchants and manufacturers must
go into bankruptcy. Those who bold as a
permanent investment the stock of railroads
and of other enterprises— l do not include
those who speculate in stocks or a«e stock
holdings as a means of obtaining an inside ad
vantage in construction of contracts— axe in
jured by a gold standard. The rising dollar
destroy* the earning power of tbese enter
prises wltbout reducing ti.eir liabilities, and
as dividends cannot be paid until salaries and
fixed charges have been satisfied the stock
holders must bear the burden of hard times,
tiaiaries in business occupations depend upon
business conditions and the gold standard
boib lessens the amount and threatens tne
permanency ot such salaries. Official salaries,
except tne salaries of those who hold office for
life, mu*tin the long run be adjusted to the
conditions of these wno pay the taxes, and if
the present financial policy continues we must
expect the contest between the taxpayer aud
taxeater to increase in bitterness.
The professional classes in the main derive
their support from the producing c. asses, and
can only enjoy prosperity when there is pros
perity among those who create wealth.
I have not attempted to describe ihe effect of
the gold standard upon all classes, in fact, I
have only had time to mention a few, but each
persoa will be able to apply the principles
stated to his own occupation. It must also be
remembered that it is the desire of people
generally to convert their earnings into real
or persoual property. This being true, in con
sidering any temporary advantage which may
come from a system under which the dollar
rises in its purchasing power it must not be
forgotten that the dollar cannot buy more
than formerly unless property sells for less
than formerly. Hence it will be seen that a
large portion of those who may find some
pecuniary advantage in a gold standard will
discover that their losses exceed their gains.
It is sometimes asserted by our opponents
that a bank beiongs to the debtor class, but
this is not true of any solvent bank. Every
statement published by a solvent bank shows
that the assets exceed liabilities. Thai is to
say, while the bank owes a large sum of money
to its depositors it not only has enough on
hand in money and notes to pay its deposit
ors, but in addition thereto has enough to
cover its capital and surplus. When the doi
lar is rising in value slowly a bank may by
making short-time loans and taking good se
curity avoid a loss, but when prices are falling
rapidly the bank is apt to lose more because of
bad debts than it can gain by the increase in
purchasing power of its capital and surplus.
It must be admitted, however, that some bank
ers combine the business oi a bondbroker with
the ordinary banking business, and these may
make enough in the negotiation of losns to
offset the losses arising in legitimate banking
business.
As long as human nature remains as it is
there will always be danger that, unless re
strnined by public opinion or legal enactment,
tho-e who see a pecuniary profit for them
selves in a certain condition may yield to the
temptation to bring about that condition.
Jefferaon has stated that one of the main
duties of government is to prevent men from
injuring one another, and never was that duty
more important than it is to-day. It is not
strange that those who have made a profit by
furnishing gold to the Government in the
hour of its extremity favor n financial policy
which will keep tb« Government dependent
upon them. I believe, however, that I speak
the sentiment of the vast majority of the
people of the United States when I say that a
wise financial policy administered in behalf of
ail the people would make our Government
independent of any combination of financiers,
foreign or domestic.
Let me say a word now in reeard to certain
persons who are pecuniarly benefited by a
gold standard and who favor it, not from a de-
Mre to trespass upon the rights of others, but
because the circumstances wh.ch surround
them blind them to the effect of the gold
s'nniard upon others. 1 shall ask you to con
sider the language of two gentlemen whose
ion? public service and Mgn standing in the
party to which they belong will protect them
frum adverse criticism by ouropponents.
In 1869 Senator Sherman said: "The con
traction of the currency is a far more distres
sing operation than Senators suppose. Our
own and other nations have gone through tnal
operation before. It is not possible to take
that voyage without the sorest distress. To
every person, except a capitalist out ot debt,
or a salaried officer or annuitant, it ts a perio<l
of lo>s, dai.ger, iasgnude of trade, i«il of
wages, suspension of enterprise, bankruptcy
and disaster.
"It mean s ruin to all dealers whose debits are
twice tneir business capital, thouyh one-third
less than their actual property. It means the
fall of all agricultural production without any
great reduction of taxes. What prudent man
would dare build a house, a railroad, a factory
or a. barn with this certain fact before him."
As I nave said betore, the salaried officer re
ferred to must be the man whose salary is
fixed for life, and not the man whose salary
depends on business conditions. When Mr.
Sherman describes contraction of the cur
rency as disastrous to all the people except ihe
capital. at out of debt, and those who stand in
a position similar to his, he is stating a truth
which must be apparent to every person who
will giva tne matter careful consideration. Mr.
Sherman was speaking then of the contrac
tion oi volume of paper currency, but the
ptinciple which he set forth applies, ii iheie
is a contraction of volume o: the standard
money oi the world.
Mr. "Blame di-cussed the same principle in
connection with the demonetization of silver.
Speaking in the House oi Representatives on
February 7, 187*, he said: "1 beiieve the
struggle now going on in this country and
other countries for a single gold standard
wouid if successful produce widespread di.i
asier m and throughout the commercial world.
The destruction of silver as money and the
enablishing of gold as the sole unit (.f value
must have a ruinous effect on all forms ot
property except those invested which yield a
fixed return in money. These would be enor
mously enhanced in value and would gain a
disproportionate and unfair advantage over
every other species of property."
Is it strange that the "holders of invest
ments which yield a fixed return in money"
run regard the' destruction of hilver wita coin.
placeuey? Yay wa noi expect ihe holders of
other forms oi property to protest against
giving to money a "disproportio.iate and un
fair advantage over every other species of
property?"
If the relatively few, whose wealth consists
largely in fixed investments, have a right to
use the ballot to enhance the value of tneir
investments, have not the rest of the peopie
the right to use the ballot to proteetthem
selves from the disastrous consequences of a
rising standard? The people who must pur
chase money with ihe products of toil, stand
in a position entirely different irom the posi
tion of those who own money or receive a
fixed income. The weil-being of the Nation
aye of civilization itself — depends upon the
prosperity oi the masses. What shall it profit
us to have a dollar which grows more valuable
every day if such a dollar lowers the standard
of civilization anu briiiEs distress to ihe peo
ple? What shall it profit us if, in trying to
raise our credit by increasing the purcnasing
power oi our doiliir, we destroy our ability to
pay the debts already contracted by lowering
the purchasing power of the products with
which those debts must be paid?
If it is asserted— as it constantly is asserted—
that the gold standard will enable us to bor
row more money from abroad, 1 reply that the
restoration of bimetallism will resiore the par
ity between money and property, and thus
permit an era oi prosperity which wi.l enable
the American people to become 'oaners of
money instead of perpetual borrowers Even
if we desire to borrow, how long can we con
tinue borrowing under a nystem which, by
lowering the value of the property, weakens
tue foundation upon which credit rests? Even
the holders of fixed investments, though they
pain an advantage from the appreciation of
the dollar, certainly tee the injustice of the
legislation which gives them this advantage
over those whose incomes depend upon the
value of property and products. If the holders
of fixed investments will not listen to argu
ments based upon justice and equity, I appeal
to them to consider the interests of posterity.
We do not live for ourselves aione; our labor
our self-denial and our anxious care, all these
are for those who are to come after us as much
as for our.-elves; but we cannot protect our
children beyond the period of our lives. Let
those who are now reaping advantage from a
vicious financial system rerrember that in
years to come their own children and their
children's children may, through the opera,
tion of this seme sy si em be made to pay tribute
to the descendants of those who are wronged
to-day.
As against the maintenance of a gold stand
ard, either permanently or until other nations
can be united for its overthrow, the Chicago
plattorm presents a clear and emphatic de
maiid for the immediate restoration of tree
and unlimited coinage of silver and gold at
the present legal ratio of Hi to 1. without
waiting for the aid or consent of any other
nation.
We are not asking that a nevr experiment
be tried; we are insisting upon a return to a
financial policy approved by the experience
of history and supported by all the prominent
statesmen of our Nation from tbe days of the
first President down to 1873. When we auk
that our mints be op nea to the tree and un
limited coinage of silver into full legal-tender
money we are simply asking th*t the same
mint privileges be accorded to silver that are
now accorded to gold. When we ask that this
coinage be at tbe ratio of ltt to 1 we simi.lv
ask that our gold coins and the standard sil
ver dollar, which, be it remembered, coutaius
the same amount <>t pure silver as the first
silver dollar coined at our mints, retain their
present weight and fineness.
The theoretical advantage of trje bimetallic
system is best stated by a European writer on
political economy, who suggests the following
illustration: A river fed from two sources is
more uniform in voiume than a river fed from
one source — the reason being thac when one of
the feeders is swollen the other may be low;
whereas a river which has but one feeder must
rise or fall with that feeder. So with bimetal
lism the volume of metallic money receiver
contributions from both the gold mines and
the silver mines and therefore varies less, and
the dollar resting upon two metals is less
changeable in its purchasing power than the
dollar which rests on one metal only.
If there are two kinds of money the option
must rest either with the debtor or with the
creditor. Assuming that their rights are equal
we must look at the interests oi society iii
general in order to determine to which side
tne option should be given.- Under the bi
metailic system goid and silver are linked to
gether by law at a fixed ratio and any person
or persons owning a y quantity of either
metal can have the same converted into fuli
fledged .egal fender nio;,ev.
If the creditor has the rieht to choose the
metal in which payment shall be made it is
reasonable to suppose that he will require the
debtor to pay in the dearer metal if there is
auy perceptible difference between the bullion
values of the metals. This new demand
created for the detuer metal will make trtfet
metal dearer still, while the decreased demand
for the cheaper metal will make that metal
cheaoer still. If, on the other hand, the debtor
exercises the option it is reasonable to suppose
that he will pay in the cheaper metal it one
metal is perceptibly cheaper than the other,
but ihe demand thus created for tbe cheaper
metal wi.l raUe its price, while the lessened
demand for the dearer metal will lower its
price. In other words, when the creditor has
the option the metals are drawn apart;
whereas, when the debtor has the option the
metals are held together approximately at the
ratio fixed bylaw; provided, the demand cre
ated is sufficient to absorb all ot both metals
presented at the mint. Society is, therefore,
interested in having the option exercised by
the debtor.
The exercise of the option by the debtor
compels the creditor classes, whether domes
tic or foreign, to exert themselves to main.
lain tho parity between gold ana silver at the
legal ratio, whereas they might find a profit
in driving one ot the metals to a premium if
they could then demand the dearer metal.
The right of the debtor to cnoose the coin
in which payment shall be made extends to
obligations due irom the Government, as
well as to contracts between individuals. A
Government obligation is simpiy a debt due
from all the people to one of the people, and it
is impossible to justify a policy which makes
the interests of the one person who hoUls the
obligation superior to the rights of the many,
wno must be taxed to pay it.
When, prior to 1873, silver was at a pre
mium, it was never contended that national
honor requited the payment of Government
obligations in silver, and tue Matthews resolu
t on, adopted by Congress in 1578, #xpressly
asserted the right of the United States to re
deem coin obligations in standard silver dol
lars as well as in gold coin.
Upon this bubject the Chicago platform
reads: "We are opposed to the policy and
practice of surrendering to the holders of the
obligations of ihe doited States the option re.
served by law to the Government of redeem,
ing such obligations iv either silver coin or
gold coin."
It is constantly assumed by some that the
United States notes common :y called green
backs, and the treasury noies issued under the
act of 1890, are responsible for the recent
drain upon the gold reserve, but this assump
tion is entirely without ioundation. Secretary
Carlisle appeared befort- the House Committee
on Appropriations on January 21, 1895, and I
quote irom the printed report oi his testimony
beiore the committee:
"Mr. tiblty— l would like to ask you (perhaps
not entirely connected with the m-ntter under
discussion) what objections there could be to
having the option of redeeming either in sil
ver or gold lie with the treasury instead, oi the
noteholder.
"Secretary Carlisle —If that policy had
been adopted at the beginning of resumption,
and lam not saying this for the purpose of
criticizing the action of any of my prede
cessors or anybody else, but if the po'.icy re.
serving to the Government at the beginning
of resumption the option of re4eeu>ing in
gold or silver all its paper presented had been
adopted I believe it would have worked bene
ficially and there would have been no trouble
growing out oi it, but the Secretaries of Treas
ury from the beginning of resumption have
pursued a policy of redeeming in gold or
silver at the option of the holder of the paper,
and if any Secretary had afterward attempted
to change that policy and forced siiver upon a
man who wan tad gold or gold upon a mar)
who wanted silver, and especially if he had
made that attempt at such a critical period as
we have had in the last two years, my judg
ment is it would have been very disastrous."
I do not agree with the Secretary that it was
wise to follow a bad precedent, but from his
answer it will be seen that the fault does not
lie with the greenbacks and treasury notes,
but rather with the executive officers who
have seen fit to surrender a right which
should have been exercised for the protection
of the interests of the people. Tnis executive
netion has already been made the excuse for
the issue of more than $350,000,000 in bonds,
and it is impossible to estimate the amount of
bonds which may hereafter be issued if this
po'.icy is continued.
We are told that any attempt upon the part
of the Government at this time to redeem us
obligations* in silver would put a premium on
gold, but why should it? Tho Bank of Franco
exercises the right to redeem all "bank paoer
In eitner gold or silver, and yet Fmnce inuin
tains the parity between gold and silver at a
ratio of 15}^ to 1, and retains in circulation
more silver per capita than we do iv the
United States.
It may be mriher answered that our oppo
nents nave suggested no feasible plan for
averting the dangers which they fear. The re
tirement of greeu backs and treasury notes
would not protect the treasury, because the
same policy which now leads the Secretary ot
the Treasury to redeem nil Government paper
in guld when gold is demanded will require
the redemption of all silver dollars and silver
certificates in gold if the greenbacks and trens
ury notes were withdrawn irom circulation.
More than this, if the Government should re
tire it* paper and throw upon the banks the
necessity of furnishing coin redemption tv«»
banks would exercise the right to furnish
either gold or t>ilver_ Ju other words, they
would exercise the option jus>t t-s the Govern
ment ougut to exercise it now. The Govern
ment must either exerci-e the right to redeem
its obligations in siiver « hen silver is more
convenient, or it must retire all the silver and
Mlver certificates from circulation and leave
nothing but gold as legal-tender money. Are
our opponents willing to outline a financial
system which will carry out their policy to its
legitimate conclusion, or wi.l they continue
to cloak their designs in ambiguous phrases?
There is an actual necessity for bimetallism,
as veil as theoretical defense of it. During
the last twenty-three years legislation has
been creating an additional demand for gold,
and this law-created demand has resulted in
increasing the purchasing power of each ounce
of gold. The restoration oi blmetuiium in the
United Stales will take away from gold just so
much purchasing power as was added io it by
the demonetization of silver by the United
btates. The si.ver dollar is now held up to the
gold dollar by the legal-tender laws, ana not
ty redemption in goid. because the standard
si'iver dollars are not now redeemable in gold,
either in law or by administrative policy. We
contend ihat free and unlimited coinage by
tne United States alone wi.l raise the Dullion
value of silver to its coinage value and thus
make siiver bullion worth $1.29 per ounce in
goid throughout the world. Ibis proposition
is in keeping with natural laws, not in defiance
of them. The best-known law of commerce is
the law of supply and demand. We recognize
this law and build our argument upon it. \\ <•
apply this law to money when we say that a
reduction in the vulup of money will raise the
purchasing power of the dollar; we also apply
the law oi supply and demand to silver when
we say that a new demand for silver created
by law will raise the price of silver bullion.
Gold and siiver are different from other com
modities in that they are limited in quantity.
Corn, wheat, manufactured products, etc.,
can be produced almost without limit, pro
viued they can be sold at a price sufficient to
stimulate production, but gold and silver are
called precious metals because they are found,
not produced. Tnese metals nave been the ob
jects of anxious search as far back as history
runs, yet, according to air. Harvey's calcula
tion, all the gold coin of the world can be
melted into a twenty-two-ioot cube ana all the
silver coin in the world into a sixty-six-foot
cube. Because gold «ma siiver are limited,
both in tne quantity now in hand and in an
nual production, it follows that legislation can
fix tne ratio between them.
Any purchaser wno stauds ready to take the
entire supp.y of any given arucie, at a certain
price, can prevent that article frcm lulling be
low that price, bo the Government can nx a
price ier gold and silver by creating a demand
greater than tne supply.
International bimeiallists believe that sever
al nations by entering into an agreement to
coin at a fixed ratio ah the gold and silver pre
sented cnii maintain the bullion value of the
metaia at tfte mint ratio. When a mint price
is tnus established it regulates tne bullion
E rice, because any person desiring coin may
aye the bullion converted into coin at that
price and any person aesiring bullion can
secure it by melting the coin. The only ques
tion upon which international bimetallism and
independent Dimeialhsts differ is: Can the
Uuitea Sates by the tree and unlimited coin
age of silver at the present legal ratio create a
aemand for silver whioh, taken in connection
w ith iqe demand already in existence, wiil be
sufficient to utilize all the silver that will be
presented at ihe mints? They agrse in their
defense of the bimetallic principle and they
agrte in unalterable opposition to the gold
standard.
International bimetallist* cannot complain
that ires coinage gives a benefit to tne mine
owner because international bimetallism gives
to the owner of silver all the advantages
offered by independent bimetallism at ihe
same ratio.
International bimetallists cannot accuse the
advocates of free silver of being ••buiiion
owners who desire the raise the vaiue of their
bu;lion," or "debaters who desire to pay their
debts in cheap dollar*," or "demagogues who
desire to curry favor with the people." They
must rest their opposition upon one ground
only, namely, that the supply of silver avnil
able for coinifge is too large to be utilized by
the United States. In d!«cu«ing this question
we must consider the capuciiy oiour peopie to
use silver and the quantity oi silver which can
come to our mints. It must be remembered
that wo live in » country only partially duve
loped, and that our people far surpass any
equal number of people in the Vforid in their
power to consume and produce. Our exten
sive rai road development and enormous in
ternal commerce must also be taken into con
sideration.
Now, how much silver can come here? Not
the co;ned silver of ihe world, because almost
all of it is more valuable at this time iv other
lands than it will be at our mints under free
coinage. If our miuts are opened to free and
unlimited coinage at the present ratio mer
chandise silver cannot come hare bjiauhe the
labor applied to it has made it worth more in
the form of merchandise than it will be worth
at our mints. We cannot even expect ail of
the annual product of silver, because India,
China, Japan, Mexico and all tne other silver
using countries must satisfy their annual
needs from the annual product; the arts will
require a large amount, ana the gold-standard
countries will need a considerable quantity
for subsidiary coinage.
We will be required to coin only that which
is not needed e.sewhere, but, it we stand ready
to take and utilize all oi It, other nations will
b- compelled to buy at the price which we fix.
Many fear that the opening of our mines will
b« followed by the enormous increase in the
annual production of silver. This is cou
jecture. Silver has been used as money for
thousands of years, and during all of that time
the world has never suffered from an over
production If, for any reason, the supply
of gold or silver in the future ever exceeds the
requirements of the arts ana the needs of com
merce, we confidently hope that the intelli
gence of the neople will be sufficient to devise
and enact any legislation nect-ssary for the
protection of the pub:ic; it is folly to refuse to
the people the money which they now need
for fear they may hereafter have more than
they need.
1 am firmly convinced that by opening our
mints to free and unlimited coinW at the
present ratio we can create a demand for silver
which will keep the price of silver bullion at
$1 29 per ounce, measured by gold. Some of
our opponents attribute the ifall i U th- value
of siiTer, when mea-ured by gold, to the fact
that during the last quarter of ecenturvthe
worlds supply ol silver has increased more
rapidly than the world's supply of gold This
argument is entirely answered by the fact
that during the last five years the annu.l pro
duction oi gold has increased more rapidly
than the annual production of silver since
tne gold price of silver has fallen more during
the last five year* than it ever fell in any pre
yioua five years In the history of the world
it is evident that the fall is not due to in
creased production.
Prices can be lowered as effectually by de
creasing the demand for an article as by in
creasing the supply of it, and it seems certain
that the fall in the gold pr.ce of silver is due
to hostile legislation and not to natural laws.
Our opponents cannot ignore the fact that
gold is now going abroad in spite of all legisla
tion intended to prevent it and lio silver is
being coined to take its place. Not only is
gold going abroad now, but it must continue
to go abroad as long as the present financial
policy is adhered to, unless we continue to
borrow from across the ocean, and even then
we simply postpone the evil, because the
amount borrowed, together with interest upon
it, must be repaid in appreciating dollars. The
American people now owe a large sum to
European creditors, and failing prices have
left a larger and larger margin between our
net National income and uur annual interest
charge. There i* only one way to stop the in
crea&ii.g flow of gold from our shores, and that
is to stop tailing prices.
The restoration of bimetallism will not only
stop falling prices, but will, to some extent,
restore prices by reducing the world's demand
for gold. If it is areueii that a rise In prices
leastua the value of the dollars which we pay
to our creditors I reply that hi the balancing
of equitie* the American people huve as much
right to favor a financial system which will
maintain or restore prices as foreign creditors
have to insist upon a financial system that
will reduce prices.
The interests to society are far superior to
the iiiteresis of either debtors or creditors, and
the interests of society demand a financial
system which will add to the volume of the
standard money ot the world, and thus restore
the stability to prices. Ferbaps the most per
sistent misrepresentation thut we have to meet
j- tne eharsre unit we are advocating the pay
ment of debts in 50-cenl dollars.
At n;e present time and under present laws
a silver dollar when melted loses" nearly bait
it* value, but that will not be true when we
again establish a mint prica for silver and
leave no surplus silver upon the market to
drag down the price of bullion. Under bi
metallism silver bullion will be worth as much
aa silver coin, justas gold bullion is now worth
as much as gold coin, and we believe that a
silver dollar will be worth as much as a gold
dollar.
The charge of "repudiation" comes with
poor grace from those who are seeking to add
to the weight oi existing debts by legislation
which makes money dearer, and who conceal
their designs dg«unst th? general welfare
under tne euphonious pretense that they are
upholding puolic credit and National honor.
In answer to the charge th.v gold will go
abroad it must be remembered tnat no gold
can leave this country until the owner of the
gold receives something in return for it which
he would rather have.
In other words, when gold leaves the coun
try those who lormeriy owned it will be bene
fited. Tnere Is no process by which we can be
compelled to part with our gold against our
will, nor is there any process by which i-ilver
can be forced upon u?> without our consent.
Exchanges are matters of agreement, and if
silver comes to this country under tree coinage
it will be at the invitation of some one in
this country who will give something in ex
change for it.
Th-jse who deny the ability of the United
States to maintain the parity between go d
and silver at the present legal ratio without
foreign a;d point 10 Mexico a,nd assert that the
opening of our mines will reduce us to a si ver
basis ana rai-e gold to a premium. It is no
reflection upon our sister republic to remind
our people that the United Stales is much
greater than Mexico in area, in population and
in commercial strength.
It ia absu>d to ussert that the United States
is not able to do anything which Mexico has
tailed to accomplish. Tne one thing nece-sary
iv order to maintain the parity is to iuruisn a
demand great enough to utilize all the silver
which will come to the mi:;ts. That Mexico
has failed to do this is not proof thai the
United Mates would also fail.
It is also argued that since a number of
the nations have demonetized silver nothing
can be done until all of these nations restore
bimeta.lisiu. This is also illogical. It is im
material how many or how few nation* have
open mints, provided there are sufficient open
mints to furnish a mouetary demand for ail
the gold and silver available for coinage.
In reply to the argument that improved ma
chinery nas lessened the cost of producing
silver, il is sufficient to say ti.at the same is
true of the production of gold, and yet, not
withstanding that, gold has risen in value.
As a matter of fact, the cost of production doea
not determine the value of the precious met
als, except as it may affect the supply.
li, for instance, the cost of producing gold
shou.d be reduced'9o per cent without any in
crease in the output, the purchasing power of
an ounce ot gold wouid not fall. So long as
there is a monetary demand sufficient to ttike,
at a fixed mint price, all the gold and silver
produced, the cost oi production need not be
considered. It is often objected that the prices
of gold and silver cannot be fixed in relation
to each other, because of the variation in the
relative production of the meta:s. Tnis argu
ment aiso overlooks the lact that if thf de
mand for both metals at a fixed prioe is greater
man the supply of both, relative production
becomes immaterial.
In the early part of the present century the
annual production of silver was worth, at thi
coinage ratio, about three times as much as
tbe annual production of gold; whereas, soon
alter 1849, the annual production of gold be
came worth about three times as much, at the
coinage ratio, as the annual production of sil
ver; and yet, owing to the maintenance of the
bimetallic standard, the.-c enormous changes
in relative production had but a aligat ettect
upon the relative values of the metal.
It it is asserted by our opponents that the
free coinage of silver is intended only for the
benefit of the mine-owners it must be remem
bered that free coinage cannot restore to the
mine-owners any more than dem> netlzation
took away; audit must also be remembered
thai the loss which the demonetization of
silver has brought to the mine-owners is in
significant compared to the loss which this
policy hns brought to the rest, of the people.
The restoration of silver wiil bring to tbe
people generally many times as much advan
tage as the mine-owners can obtain from it.
While it is not the purpose of free coinage to
sp cia.lj; aid any particular class, yet those
who believe that the restoration of silver is
needed by the whole people should not be de
terred because an iucidental benefit wiil come
to the mine-owners. The erection of torts,
the deepening of harbors, the improvement of
rivers, the erection of public bui dinai— all
these confer incidental benefits but do not de
ter us from making appropriations far these
purpose- 1 whenever such appropriations are
necessary for the public good.
The argument tnat a silver dollar is heavier
than a gold dollar and that therefore the silver
is less convenient to carry in large qtian titles
is completely answered by the silver certifi
cate, which is ait easily carried as the gold cer
tificate or any other kind of paper money.
There are some who, while "admitting the
benefits of bimetallism, object to coinage at
the present ratio. If any are deceived by this
objection they ought to remember that there
are no bimetallists who are earnestly endeav
oring to secure it at any other ratio than 16
to 1. Wo are opposed to any change in the
ratio for two reasons : First, because a change
would produce great injustice, and second, be
cause a change In the ratio is not necessary.
A change would produce injustice, because, if
effected in the manner usually suggested, it
would re-ult in an enormous contraction iv
tbe volume of standard money.
If, for insta ice, it was decided by interna
tional agreement to raise the ratios through
out the world to 82 to 1, the change might oe
effected In any one ol three ways. Tbe
silver dollar could be doubled in siie, so that
the new silver dollar would weigh tbirty-two
times as much as the present gold dollar; or
the present gold dollar could be reduced half
in weight, so that the present silver dollar
would weigh thirty-two times as much as the
new gold dollar; or the change could be made
Increasing tbe size of the silver dollar and
decreasing the size of tbe gold dollar until tbe
new silver dollar would weigh thirty-two times
as much as the new gold dollar.
Those who have advUed a chantre in the
ratio have usually suegt-s ed that the silver
dollar be doubled. If this change were made,
it would necessitate the coinage of four bil
lions of silver into two billions of dollars.
There would be an Immediate loss of two bil
lions of dollars either to individuals or to the
Government, but this would be the least of the
injury.
A shrinkage of one-half in the silver money
of the w;orld would mean a shrinkage oi one
fourth in the total volume of metallic money.
This contraction, by Increasing the value of
the dollar, would virtually increase the debts
of the world billions of dollars and decrease
still more the value of property of the world
as measured by dollar*. Besides this imme
diate result such a change in the ratio would
permanently decrease the annual addition to
the world's, supply of money because .the
annual silver product, wben coined into dol
lars twice as large, would make only hall as
many dollars. The people of the United
States would be injured by a change in the
ratio, not because they produce silver, but be
cause . they own property and owe debts and
they cannot afford to thus decrease the value
of their property or increase the burden of
their debts. " I , ...
In 187S Mr. Carlisle said : "Mankind will be
fortunate indeed if the annwal production of
gold and silver coin snail keep pace with the
annual increase of population and industry.
I repeat his assertion. All of the gold and
silver annually available for coinage, when
converted into coin at the present ratio, will
not, in my judgment, more thau supply our
monetary needs. ■■ JvV- ».•
In supporting the act of 1890, known as the
Sherman act, Senator Sherman, on June 5 of
that year, said: "Under the law of February,
1878."the purchase of $2,500,000 worth of silver
bullion a month has by coinage proauced an
nually an average of nearly $3,000,000 per
month for a period of twelve year-, but this
amount, in view of the retirement o» the bank
notes, will not increase our currency in pro
portion to our increasing population,
•'lf our present currency is estimated at $1,
--400,000,000 and our population is increasing
at the ratio of 3 per cent per annum, it would
require $42,000,000 increased circulation
each year to keep pace with the increase of
population; but, as the increase of population
is accompanied by a still greater ratio of in
crease of wealth "and business, it was thought
that An immediate increase of circulation
might be obtained by larger purchases of sil
ver bullion to an amount sufficient to make
good the retirement of bank note* and keep
pacewith the growth of population. Assuming
that $54,000,000 a year of additional currency
is needed upon this basis, that amount is pro
vided lor ia this bill by the issue of treasury
notes in exchange for bullion at the market
price."
<oAi , the Unit ed States then needed more than
$4-2,000,000 annually to keep pace with popu
lation and business it now with a larger popu
lation needs a still greater annual addition,
and the United States is only oneamong many,
our opponents make no adequate provision for
the increasing monetary needs of the world,
in the second place, a change in the ratio is
not necessary. Hostile legislation has de
creased the demand for silver and lowered its
.rice when measured by gold, while this same
fnr*lnfrt e S IBUUo i n h 7 incrells >inK the demand
for gold has raised the value of gold when
measured by other forms of property. We are
told that the restoration of bimetallism would
be a hardship upon those who have entered
into contracts payable in gold coin, bat this
is a mistake. It will be easier to obtain the
gold with which to meet a gold contract when
most of the people can use silver than it is
now, when every one is trying to secure gold.
The Chicago platform expressly declares in
favor of such legislation as may be necessary
to prevent, for the future, the demonetization
of any kind of legal tender money by private
contract. Such contracts are objected to on.
the ground that they are against public policy.
No one questions the right of legislatures to
tix the rale of interest which can be collected
bylaw; there is far more reason lor prevent
ing private individuals from setting aside
legal tender. The money which is by law
made a legal tender must in the course of
ordinary business be accepted by 99 oat of
every 100 persons. Why should the one hun
dredth man be permitted to exempt himself
from the general rule? Special contracts have
a tendency to increase the demand lor a par
ticular kind of money and thus force it to a
premium. Have not the people a right to say
tb,at a comparatively few individuals shall not
be permitted to derange the financial system
of the Nation in order to collect a premium in
case they succeed in forcing one kind pi money
to that premium?
There is another argument to which I ask
your attention. Some of the more zealous op
ponents of free coinage point to the fact that
thirteen months must elapse between the elec
tion and the tir.it regular session of Congress,
and they assert that during that time, lv ca»e
the people declare themselves in favor of free
coinage, all loans will be withdrawn and all
mortgages foreclosed. If these are merely
prophecies indulged in by those who have for
gotten the provisions of the constitution it will
be sufficient to remind them that the Presi
dent i- empowered to convene Congress in
extraordinary session wntnever the public
good requires such action. If in November the
people by their ballots declare themselves in
favor of the immediate restoration of bimetal
lism the system can be inaugurated, within a
few months. If, nowever,' the assertion that
loans will be withdrawn and mortgages fore
closed is made to prevent such political action
as the people may believe to be necessary for
the preservation of their rights, {hen a new
and vital issue is raised.
Whenever it is eeeessary for the people as a
whole to obtain consent from the owners of
money and the changers of money beiore they
can legislate upon financial questions we
shall have passed from a democracy to a plu
tocracy. But that time has not yet arrived.
Threats and inumidan. n will be of no avail.
The people who in 177G rejected the doctrine
thai kings rule by right divine will not iv this
generation subscribe to a doctrine th»t money
is oinipoient.
In conclusion, permit me to say a word in
regard to international bimetallism. We are
not opposed to an international agreement
loofting to the restoration of bimetallism
throughout the world, The advocates of froe
coinage have on all occasions shown their
williugeess te co-operate with other nations
in the reinstatement of silver, but they are
not willing to await the pleasure of other gov
ernment* when immediate relief is needed by
the people of the United States, and they fur
ther believe that indepeudent action offers
butter assurance of international bimetallism
than servile dependence upon foreign aid.
F<>r more than twenty years we have Invited
the assistance of European nations, but all
progress in that direction has been blocked by
tne opposition of those who derive pecuniary
benefit from the appreciation of gold. How
2TEW TO-DAT.
He? smps
1 Hi 11?
10 1 CTS PER SET ,",-'-
-1 ■^-- of 3 Pieces.
Of- CTS PER SET
■^O of 6 Pieces.
Cf) CTS PER SET
Ov of 12 Pieces,
-7pr CTS PER SET o '
/ *-> of IS Pieces.
• PRETTY
LUNCH SETS
DECORATED
Profits Divided
with Customers who
COME DIRECT TO OUR,
MONEY SAVING STORES.
CD I lIT 1 45c per Dor. Pints
rnUI 1 I 55c per Doz. Quarts
IA DO i 7Sc P* r Uoz ' "■" O* l1 © 11 *
JnnO ' ■ 30c per Uoz. Jelly Glasses
BIG PRESENTS FREE
"Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
i 3510 Mission at. 318 Third st.
140 Sixth St. 3008 Fillmore mU
617 kearay st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
; sat Montgomery aye. toj. Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
52 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st. -
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
135S Park St.. Alamcda.
The
Political
Pot
la agitated by no greater element than
protection to home industries. California
people think of their pet industry,
"STANDARD" Shirts, when home pro-
tection it mentioned. All dealers sell
them.
•
* *\ TRADt I
N.B.
I MARK J
c^cm/aid,
NEUSTADTER BROS.. Mfrs., S. F., C«l.long must we wait for bimetallism to be
brought to us by tho<e who profit by mono
metallism? If the double standard will bring
benefits to our people who will deny them the
right to enjoy thosf benefits? If our oppo
nents would admii the right, the ability and
the duty of our peopie to act for themselves on
all public questions -.vithout the assistance and
regardless of the wishes of other nations and
then propose the r-'medial legislation which
they consider sufficient we could meet them
in the field of honorable debate, but when they
assert that this nation is helpless to protecs
the rights of its own citizens we challenge
them to submit the issue to a people whose
patriotism has ne 'er been appealed to in vain.
We shall not offend other nations when we
declare the right of the American people to
govern themr-e^ves and without let or hin
drance from without decide upon every ques
tion presented for their consideration.
In taking this positiou we simply maintain
the dignity of 70.000,000 citizens who are sec
ond to none in their capacity for sell-govern
ment. The gold standard has compelled the
American people to pay any ever-ii creasing
tribuie to t tie creditor nations of the world,
a tribute which no one dares to defend. I as
sert that National honor requires the United
State* to secure justice for all its citizens, as
well as to do justice to all its creditors. For a
peop'.e like ours, blessed with natural resources
of surpassing richness, to proclaim themselves
impotent to frame a financial system suited to
their needs is humiiiating beyond the power
of language to describe.
We cannot enforce respect ror our foreign
policy so long as we confess ourselves unable
to frame our financial policy. Honest differ
ences of opinion have always existed, ami will
ever exist, as to the legislation best calculated
to promote the public weal; but when it is
seriously asserted that this Nation must bow
to the dictation of other nations and accept
the policies which they insist upon the ri*ht
of self-government is assailed, and until that
question is settled all other questions are in
significant.
Citizens of New York, I have traveled from
the center of the continent to the seaboard
that I might, in the very beginning of the
campaign, bring you greeting from the peocle
of the West and South and assure you that
their intention is not to destroy out to
build up.
They invite you to accept the principles of a
living* faith rather than listen to those who
preach the gospel to despair, and advise en
durance on the ills you have. The advocates
of free coinage believe that, in Btriying to
secure the immediate restoration of bimetal
ism, they are laboring in your behalf as well as
in their own. A few of your people may
prosper under present conditions, but the
permanent welfare of ' New York rests
upon the producers of wealth. This great
city is built upon the comn.erce of the
Nation, and mu>t suffer if thi t commerce
is impaired. You cannot sell vi less the peo
ple have money with which to b iv, and they
cannot obtain the money with v'hich to buy
unless tney are able to sell their products at
remunerative prices. Production of wealth
goes before the exchange of wealth; those who
create must secure a profit before they have
anything to share with others.
You cannot afford to join the money
changers in supporting a financial policy
which, by destroying the purchasing power of
products of toil, must in the end discourage
the creation of wealth. I ask; I expect your
co-operation.
It is true that a few of your financiers would
fashion a new figure — a figure representing
Columbia, her hands bound fast with fetters
of gold and her face turned toward the east,
appealing for assistance to those who live be
yond the sea— but this figure can never ex
press your idea of this Nation. You will
rather turn for inspiration to the heroic
statue which guards the entrance to your city
— a statue as patriotic in conception as it Is
colossal in proportion.
It was the gracious gift of a sister republic,
and stands upon a pedestal which was built by
the American people. That figure— Liberty
Enlightening the World — is emblematic of the
mission of our nation amo g the nations of
the earth. With a Government which derives
its powers from the consent of the governed,
secures to all the people a freedom of con
science, freedom of thought and freedom ol
speech, guarantees rqual rights to all and
promises special privileges to none, the United
States should be an example in all that is good
and the leading spirit in every movement
■which has for its object the uplifting of the
human race.
When Mr. Bryan concluded, after speak
ing an hour and forty minutes, there was
another demon si ration, but it was brief.
The tar gal'eries had perceptibly dwindled
and the crowd had shouted itself into the
same condition of voice that Mr. Bryan
was. Governor Stone, at the conclusion
of the cheering, turned to Arthur Sewall,
the Vice-Presidential candidate, and in a
few words formally notified him of his
nomination.
Governor Stone's remarks were not
audible even 10 those who sat near the
platform. The audience nad become rest
less and were in great disorder. It was
evident that the peopie had sat out the
great speech of Mr. Bryan, and were
anxious to get out in the fresh air. The
chairman rapped many times for order,
b"t could not quiet the assemblage. Mr.
Sewall was obliged to bejnn his speech
amid a noise that made it difficult for him
to be heard ten feet away. The speaker
was compelled to stop several times while
the chairman urged the audience that or
der be restored. People were now moving
out in great numbers, and the noise in the
Hall drowned his voice. Mr. bewail said
in part:
The Democracy of the country realizes that
all the great principles of 'our party are as
potent and essential to the well-being of the
country to-day as they have always been, and
as they always will be, but the overshadowing
issue Defore the country now, made dominant
by the distressed condition prevailing through
out our land, is the demand for reform in our
existing monetary system.
Our party, and we beiieve a great majority
of the American people, is convinced that the
legislation of 1873, demonetizing silver, was a
wrong inflicted upon the country which
Bbould and must be righted. We believe that
the single gold standard has so narrowed the
base of onr monetary structure that it is un
stable and unsafe and so dwarfed it in its de
velopment and in its power to furnish the
necessary financial blood to the Nation that
commercial and industrial paralysis has fol
lowed.
We believe that we need and must have the
broad and expanding foundation of both gold
and silver to support a monetary system
strong and stable, capable of meeting the de
mands of a growing country and an indus
trious, energetic and enterprising people; a
system that will not be weakened and panic
stricken by every foreign draft upon us; a
system that will maintain a parity of just
values and the Nation's money and protect us
from the frequent fluctuations of the day, so
disastrous to every business and industry of
the laud.
We demand the free coinage of silver, the
opening of our mints to both money metals
without discrimination, the return to the
money of our fathers (the money of the con
stitution)—gold and silver. We believe this is
the remedy and the only remedy for the evil
from which we are now suffering— the evil that
is now so fast devastating ana impoverishing
our land and people, bringing poverty to our
homes and bankruptcy to our business, which
if allowed to continue, will grow until our
very institutions are tnreatened.
The demonetization of silver has thrown the
whole primary money function on gold, ap
preciating its value ana purchasing power
Restore the. money function to silver and
silver will appreciate and it? purchasing
power increase, 'lake from gold its monopoly
its value will be reduced and in due course
the parity of the two metais will again obtain
from natural causes.
We shall then have a broad and unlimited
foundation for a monetary system commen
surate with our country's needs and future
development, not the unsafe basis of to-day,
reduced by half by the removal of silver and
continually undermined by foreigners carry
ing from us our gold.
f believe we are right. The people are with
us, and what the people declare is always
right and must prevail.
When Mr. Sewall sat down the audience
set up a cry for Tillman, but the "Pitch
fork orator did not respond. People be
i;an to crowd forward, as seats in the
foreground were vacated and nearly all
lb« audience was gathered about the press
S'-ats, which separated them from the
n -trum. So treat was the confusion that
h&rdly anybody heard Chairman Danforth
announce that the meeting was adjourned.
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan ran the gauntlet of
handshaking admirers, and, with Mrs. St.
John, gained their carriage and were
drivtn to the Bartholdi Hotel, where a
crowd was waiting to hear a promised talk
from the nominee. During the evening a
telegram was received from the Demo
cratic Convention at Ottumwa promising
lowa's electoral vote for Bryan and Sewall.
At the BartUoldi Hotel, where the
Democratic headquarters are located,
when the candidate appeared on the bal
cony, the crowd went wild. He stood, his
wife beside him and Mr. Sewall on her
right, the three smiling their thanks, for
fuJly live minutes.
Mr. Bryan thanued the crowd for its ap
proval, after wiiich cries of "Sewall,"
"Sewall," arose and between the renewed
heers and cries repeated over and over
tin for Bryan, the Vice- Presidential
•ninee stepped out and made a few re
irkp.
Amid cheers the party then left the bal
ony, and for twenty minutes held an in
formal reception in one of the parlors of
the hotel.
BRIAN INDORSED IN IOWA.
State Democratic Convention Declares
for Silver.
OTTUMWA, lowa, Aug. 12.— Small at
tendance of delegates, preponderance of
Populists and perfect unanimity were the
characteristics of to-day's conference of
the free-silver Democrats of lowa. The
attendance is the smallest that has been
noted at any convention held in lowa for
years. Three of the counties, Audubon,
Cass and Guthrie, were represented by
only one delegate each, while it is said a
few counties were not represented at all.
The convention met at 10:55 and lasted
jtill shortly after noon.
The most important work of this session
was the address of the temporary chair
man, A. A. Van Wagenen. At its close
the committees, toe members of which
were chosen at the district caucuses, were
announced.
The afternoon session convened at 2:15
p. m. The committee on credentials re
ported "no contests," and the committee
on rules and permanent organization
named J. J. Shea of Pottawatomie County
for permanent chairman and made the re
mainder of the temporary organization
permanent. Mr. Shea's references to WiK
liam J. Bryan were loudly cheered. The
report of the resolutions committee was
then read, as follows:
We. the Democrats of lowa in convention as
sembled, heartily indorse and hereby reaffirm
the platform adopted by the National Demo
cratic Convention in Chicago in 1896 as a
true and correct statement of Democratic prin
ciples. We recognize in the candidates named
by said National Convention noble and patri
otic champions of said principles, and we
pledge to them our most earnest support.
Recognizing the financial issue as a great and
controlling question of the present campaign,
we invite all voters, irrespective of party affil
iations, who are in favor of the interests and
prosperity of the great masses of the people,
to join with us in carrying the election this
fall, to the end that financial relief may be
given and prosperity restored to fhe country.
The nominations were all by acclama
tion and were as follows: L. H. Karr,
Osceola, Secretary of State; G. W. Davis,
Louisa County, Auditor; W. D. Beies,
Sheldon, Attorney-General; John Reug
nitz, Treasurer; Amos Steckel, Railroad
Commisioner.
General Weaver responded to repeated
calls and made a fifteen-minute speech,
in which he said the Democratic party
had done this year what the Populists had
been trying to do for the last twenty
years. At 4 o'clock the convention ad
journed.
NORTH DAKOTA DEMOCRATS.
Pledged to Support Hryan and the
Chicago Platform.
GRAND FORKS, N. D., Aug. 12.— The
Democratic State Convention to-day com
pleted the fusion State ticket, partly nom
inated last week at Fargo. The resolu
tions adopted indorse Bryan and Sewall;
free coinage of silver; condemn the Re
publican platform, and pledge united
support to the fusion ticket.
Congress, John Burke, Bottineau; Gov
ernor, R. B. Richardson, Pembina; Lieu
tenant-Governor, John Cashel, Walsh;
Supreme Court, C. F. Templeton, Grand
Forks; Secretary of State, J. E. Hodge
son, Sargent; Auditor, J. T. Eager,
Stutzman; Treasurer, H. D. Allert, Cava
lier; Superintendent of Instruction, Mrs.
Laura J. Eisenhuth, Foster; Attorney-
General, Marion Conklin, Stutzman.
Commissioner of Agriculture and Rail
way Commissioners were also nominated.
Officers of the Populist convention held
a meeting immediately after the Demo
crats adjourned and indorsed the Demo
cratic nominees.
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN WORK.
Silver Sentiment in California Rapidly
Uwindling.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 12.— Republican
campaign work among labor union men
will be carried on directly by labor repre
sentatives from National headquarters,
but untrax^meled by the dictation of the
executive committee. On this subject Mr.
Hanna said to-day to a reporter:
"The laboring element that is working in
the interests of the Republican ticket will
be allowed to conduct its own campaign
by its own methods and to dictate its own
policy. It will receive the co-operation
of the National Committee and accommo
dation and assistance at these headquar
ter-.
"While strongly approving the indi
vidual plans of employers to supply their
men with all facilities to be informed as
to how to vote for their best interests, it is
my purpose to reach these employes
through the labor organization 1 have
mentioned.
"We will not do labor campaign work
through employers at all. We will deal
direct with the men, because we can get
more out of them that way. The aston
ishing feature of this campaign' is the
great demand of the people to be enlight
ened by all kinds of literature. It augurs
well for onr success.
"The next thirty days will be a cam
paign of printed matter and after that
hosts of speakers will take the St. Louis
platlorm for their text and give the pro
tection and money planks equal promi
nence."
A German delegation had a lengthy con
ference to-day with Mr. Hanna, the result
being an arranged plan of educational
campaign, by German literature and Ger
man speakers.
United States Senator Wilson of Wash
ington wired to-day that since his return
the conditions have changed materially
for tne success of McKinley in that State.
John D. Spreckels, National Committee
man from California, wrote that the silver
feeling there "is rapidly dwindling away.
We will carry California for McKinley."
An aggressive campaign among farmers
and iabor men is to commence soon.
George A. Steele of Oregon, National
committeeman, wrote to say a city, county
and State organization is being rapidly
perfected, and the recently discouraging
outlook has given place to an ardent de
termination to carry the State.
WIMNING CON VEN TION.
Republicans Unable to Agree on the
financial Question.
CHEYENNE, Wto., Aug. 12.— The Re
publican State Convention, culled to nomi
nate candidates for Congress, the Supreme
Court and Presidential electors for Wyom
ing, convened this morning in this city,
but was forced to adjourn to-night with
out accomplishing any work beyond mak
ing a permanent organization, because of
the failure of the committee on resolu
tions to make a report on the financial
issue.
An interesting hitch in the proceedings
took place early in the day, when a dele
gation from Uinta County, representing
the Bryan and Sewall Republicans of that
county, claimed seats in the convention.
A contesting McKinley delegation, how
ever, was seated. Tne leader of the Bryan
delegation protested as he left the, conven
tion, in the name of the Republicans of
his county. During the recess of the aft
ernoon district conventions were held
and the judicial candidates were nomin
ated.
A night session was held and tne report
of the committee on resolutions awaited
until 9:30 o'clock. At that time the com
mittee sent word that no report could be
made to-night, and the convention ad
journed until 10 o'clock to-morrow The
hitch in the committee is on the question
of adopting the financial plank of the St
Louis platform, reaffirming the free-silver
plank of the last two State conventions or
tne adoption of a compromise financial
platform.
Tennessee for McKinley.
NASHVILLE, Txn., Aug. 12.— The
State Republican Convention to-night
nominated G. N. Tillman for Governor
H. Clay Evans having declined to be a
candidate. A. W. Hawkins and J. Fowler
were chosen as electors-at-large. The St.
Louis Republican platform was indorsed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
OHIO VETERANS
VISIT McKINLEY,
Members of the Nominee's
Old Regiment En
tertained.
THE MAJOR'S REMARKS.
Prominent Men Who Once
Marched With the Gallant
"Twenty-Third."
PATRIOTISM AND PROTECTION.
11 It Is Better to Open America's Mills
to Labor Than Her Mints to
Silver."
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 12.— Regardless
of the awful heat, about 100 of the sur
viving members of the Twenty-third Ohio
Infantry, McKinley's old regiment to-day
marched up to the house of the Republi
can candidate for the Presidency, to assure
him of their good will and support. The
veterans stood on the lawn under the
trees with uncovered heads while Major
McKinley from the veranda spoke to them
eloquently and with deep Reeling. No
word that was uttered escaped them and
trie applause which frequently burst forth
was sincere and hearty. When McKinley
said: "I believe that it is a good deal
better to open up the mills of the United
States to the labor of America than to
open the mints of the United States to
the silver of the world," there was a storm
of cheers and applause which continued
for two or three minutes.
Captain J. S. Allen was spokesman for
the veterans, and in response to his speech
Major McKinley said in part:
"This call of the surviving members of
the old regiment with which I served for
more than four years brings to me peculiar
and special gratification. As I look upon
this little body of men assembled about
me I am vividly reminded of how rapidly
the years are passing and with them are
passing our old associates ot the war.
"We had a great regiment — great in its
field officers, ereat in the character of the
rank and file that constituted it. Our
hearts go out with tenderness and love, I
am sure, to the first colonel of our regi
ment, General William S. Rosecrans, in
his distant home in California. [Great
applause.]
"We all remember his splendid dis
cipline and gentle qualities, and we re
member with what pride we marched un
der his command in West Virginia in
1861. Nor can we assemble here as we
have to-day without recalling the third
colonel of the Twenty-third Ohio, who
was longest with us, Rutherford B.
Hayes." [Great cheering.]
Major McKinley also recalled several
other field officers and spoke of the kind
deeds of Mrs. Hayes, the mention of each
name calling forth loud cheers. He con
tinued:
"I was glad to note in the eloquent
sppech of my comrade, Captain Allen,
Atlen, that the old Twenty-third Ohio
stands in 1896, as it stood in 1861, for the
country and the county's flae. [Great ap
plause and cries of "McKinley too."] No
body could have doubted that, knowing
the metal from which this old regiment
was made.
"You stand to-day just as unitedly for
the honor of the Government and the
preservation of its credit and currency.
[Cheers.] I don't know what you think
about it, but 1 believe that it is a good
deal better to open up the mills of the
United States to the labor of America than
to open up the mints of the United States
to the silver of the world. [Great cheer
ing and cries of "You are right."]
"Washington told us over and over again
that there was nothing so important to
preserve as the Nation's honor. He said
that the most important source of strength
was the public credit and that the best
method of preserving it was to use it as
sparingly as possible/
Major McKinley spoke of the raising
of money by Robert Morris for the Con
tinental army on his personal honor and
credit, and added : "From that hour until
now the country's honor has been our
anchor in every storm. Lincoln pledged
it when in time of war we issued money.
He said, 'Every dollar of that money shall
be made as good as gold,' and it was left
to Rutherford B. Hayes, your old colonel,
as President of the United States, to exe
cute that promise in the resumption of
specie payment in 1879. [Cheers and ap
plase.] When Robert Morris said that
they had nothing to give but their honor
there were behind his words 3,000,000 of
struggling patriots. To-day behind the
Nation's honor are 70,000,000 of free men,
who mean to keep this Government and
its honor and integrity and credit unques
tioned. [Great applause.]
A large basket of handsome flowers was
presented to Mrs. McKinley after the
speaking. A number of telegrams were
read. The One Hundred and Seventeenth
New York Volunteers in reunion sent
greeting and wished Major McKinley suc
cess. These were also read:
Grand Island, Nebr.— Eight hundred
members of the McKinley and Hobart
clubs of Hall County send greetings and
pledge you our active support.
Fremont, Nebr.— McKinley and Hobart
Club of Fremont, Nebr., 700 strong, sends
greeting to the standard-bearer of the
Republican hosts, whose battle-cry is
"Protection and sound money," and
pledge to him its earnest support and
assure him that the "prettiest city" will
give a large majority for the Republican
candidate in November.
Two hundred members of the One Hun
dred and Fourth Ohio Volunteers will call
on Major McKinley to-morrow.
SALVATIONISTS MALTREATED.
Repeatedly Assailed b{* a Mob and
Finally Driven to Their Barracks.
BELLEVILLE, 111., Aug. 12.— The Sal
vation Army disturbances, which have ex
tended over a period of months, cul
minated last night in the worst riot which
has ever occurred. The soldiers took their
stand on the steps of the Courthouse, and
for two hours and a half held their posi
tion against the repeated rushes of the
mob. They were hurled down the stone
steps countless times, and many were
roughly handled. One of their flags was
torn, and they were subjected to great
abuse.
The mob was led by Hans Schwarz, who
mounted a pillar and harangued the
crowds to acts of greater violence. Police
protection was appealed for and refused,
but later Captain Yaefcel and a squad
drove the crowd away and compelled the
army to go to its barracks. Threats of re
newed Tiolence are freely made.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
\aval Lieutenant! Transferred at Mare
Island — Pension* Issued. - /
WASHINGTON, C., Aug. 12.—Lieuten
ant Bostwick has been detached from the
Independence and ordered to Mare Island.
Lieutenant O. E. Lasher has been ordered
to the Independence.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original— Henry Copeland,
San Jose. Increase— Hugh Lynch, San
Francisco. Reissue— William M. Haskell,
Pomona, Los Angeles County. Original—
William F. Thomas, San Francisco;
George A. Dills, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles. Special, August 4— Frederick M.
Hahn, Oakland. Nathaniel Fra
zier. Coarse-gold Gulch.
Oregon : Original— M. Vance,
Cottage Grove; James B. Creecy, Tilla
mookCity; Joseph Lowe, Rickreall Polk.
Washington: Original — George Dona
hey, Diamond; Robert Bise, Spokane.
Original widow— Dorcas McGonigle, North
Yakima.
LACERATED BY A PANTHER.
A Young Lady Receives Injuries From
Which She Will Die.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., Aug. 12.—
Miss Bessie Moore was mangled by a
panther last night and now lies on the
verge of death. Mr. and Mrs. Craigin
gave an entertainment, to which were
bidden all the young folks in £he neigh
borhood. They amused tnemselves on
the lawn, which was illuminated.
During the evening Miss Moore ran into
the shrubbery on the side of the lawn.
Soon the other merrymakers heard her
screams. Several young men rushed to
the spot and found a large panther attack
ing the girl. When the rescuers appeared
the brute ran away.
Miss Moore was frightfully torn about
the breast and shoulders. Her right arm
was broken and a deep gash was torn in
her right thigh. She will die.
A. H. PYLE'S STRANGE FATE
Coroner's Jury Unable to De
termine the Cause of
His Death.
At the R quest of the Chi Psi Col
lege Fraternity the Body Wi;i
Be Cremated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 12.—To
day at noon there was a gathering of six
citizens composing the jury of inquest in
the case of A. H. Pyle, whose body was
found in the river, Coroner Hammett and
several silverites, friends of the dead man,
who had been identified with the National
Committee of the Silver party.
A. L. Grimes and Precinct Detective
Burrows told the jury of the rinding of the
body and its condition. Their experience
bad shown them that suicides usually re
move their shoes, as was done in this case.
Friends of deceased told of his visit to
the Falls Church silver demonstration last
Tuesday on which occasion his hilarity
attracted attention on the train. On that
day he was to have had an interview with
Senator Jones, but as he was too much
under the influence of liquor to under
stand this important matter he was per
suaded to get a "bracer" in a drugstore
and go over to have an "old Virginia
time."
A Mr. Wedderburn and Pyle went to
gether, and the former told the jury that
both of them were well under the influ
ence, and that he succeeded in persuad
ing Pyle that he was drunk enough to
need the "bracer."
George J. Mallory of the General Land
Office saw Pyle on the train. He was in
the baggage-car and came near falling out
of the door. "He was very hilarious,"
said Mr. Mallory. "He was making
silver speeches and seemed very enthusi
astic."
The question at issue— whether death
was accidental, suicidal or the result of
homicide— was next discussed. Friends
of the dead man saw no reason for suicide,
as he had bright prospects before him, and
on Tuesday of last week he had between
$20 and $30 on his person. When seen
coming from a questionable locality, so
the jury was told, he had leaves on his
hat and dirt on his clothing.
Precinct Detective Burrows had been
unable to locate his shoes and hat on the
river bank, nor could he find that he had
visited any of the gambling places across
the river.
Mr. Mallory, who had witnessed the
man's narrow escape from death on the
train, said he saw Pyle Wednesday morn
inp asleep on a cable-car going in the di
rection of Georgetown.
There being no direct evidence concern
ing the manner in which deceased got into
the river, the jury returned a verdict giv
ing no cause of death.
A dispatch received from Pyle's brother
at Los Angeles this morning said he was
not sure of identity and could not defray
the funeral expenses.
Deputy Controller Coffin said to-day
that Pyle was a member of the Chi Psi
college fraternity, and he had received a
request from the ofJicers of that society to
see that the dead man was cremated. This
will be done to-morrow.
Populists Indorse Bolters.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Aug. 12. — The
Populist State Convention was called to
order this morning by Chairman Max
well. Only 450 delegates were present,
one-half of the representation.
At the evening session the convention
adopted its platform, indorsing the St.
Louis platform, especially its currency
piank. Governor Altgeld'a administration
was strongly indorsed. The nominees of
the Democratic State Convention were in
dorsed with the exception of Auditor and
six electors which, according to arrange
ment, were filled by Populists. The
electors were pledged to Bryan and Se
wall.
Spain Ignores a Red Cross Compact.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 12.— An ap
peal signed by more than 1000 physicians
will be sent to the general council of the
International Red Cross Society calling
attention to the non-observance by Spain
in the Cuban war of the stipulations
unanimously agreed to at the congress
held by the society in which Spain as a
nation took part.
SPARKS FROM THE WIRE.
The penitentiary at Anamosa, lowa, was en
tirely destroyed by fire Tuesday night. The
loss is $20,000. No difficulty was experienced
with the prisoners and no lives were lost.
Daniel D. Butters, one of the oldest members
of the Chicago Board of Trade, died yesterday
morning from stomach trouble, aggravated by
extreme heat.
Samuel Brakewell Jr. of the firm of Brake
well <fe Son, Highwood, 111., is a spiritualist
Two weeks ago he saia he had a presenti
ment that two of bis three boys were to be
drowned. Yesterday afternoon his elaest son
lost his life in the lake at Fort Sheridan while
bathing.
Rev. D. J. Meagher of the Dominican order
died at the home of the order in New York
City Tuesday. He was one of the best-known
Catholic prelates in this country, and was 67
years of age. He had been in New York for
over a year a sufferer from Btomaca trouble,
which was aggravated by the hot weather.
NOGALES RAIDED
BY FANATICS
Continued from First Page.
morning the people of Tucson were ap
prised of the Santa Ter revesaolutionistB 1
raid on Nogales, Sonora. The report
caused the wildest excitement, for the
nature of the uprising was not at first
known, and it was feared that Tucson
might be attacked by Indians. Soon a
large proportion of the male population
was under arms and anxiously awaiting
further news from the beleagured town.
Toward noon this dispatch was received
from Nogales, Ariz., by the Evening
Citizen:
At 4 o'clock this morning the people were
awakened by shooting. A little later the
fire-alarm bell rang and the people hurry
ing from their homes were informed that
about seventy-five Yaquis had taken pos
session of the Mexican custom-house and
had killed three Mexican guards. Forty
United States armory guns were at the re
quest of the Mexican Consul turned over
to the citizens to protect the city. The
citizens took refuge with their guns behind
embankments, and after a half hour of
skirmishing and fighting succeeded in
driving out the Yaquis, who returned their
fire regularly. Seven of them were killed,
two are prisoners and the others made
their escape over the mountains under a
lusiliade of shots from the citizens. The
total number killed is ten.
No Americans are hurt. Fully 1000 shots
were fired. A regular revolution was ab
ruptly ended by the assistance of the
Americans.
Later reports proved the raiders to be
Mexican revolutionists, some seventy-five
in number, who had organized in the
camp of Tubac, Ariz., forty miles south of
Tucson, and made the attack upon the
custom-house of the Mexican Government
located at Nogales, Sonora, to seize money
and arms to aid in overthrowing the Gov
ernment of Mexico in the interest of the
notorious Santa Teresa. Seven of their
band were killed and three captured.
Three Mexican police, or celadores — Fran
cisco Fernandez, Manuel Delahante and
Jose Pene — in charge of the custom
house, were killed. A keeper of a fruit
stand, Cresencio Urbino, was also reported
killed in the charge.
A posse was organized and started in
pursuit at once. It was ambushed by a
small number of the filibusters, and in
the encounter the Cnief of Police of No
gales, Sonora, Ponciano Sanchoz, Juan
Fernandez and two other Mexican guards
were killed, making seven Mexican citi
zens killed during the day and eight of the
revolutionists slain.
The following official telegram from
United States Collector of Customs Sam
*'. Webb to United States Marshal Meade
was received:
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 12.— An assault on the
customs officers of Sonora, Mexico, was made
this morning by filibusters having organized
in Arizona, led by Jose Gomez of Santa Rista,
Ariz. As a result three citizens are dead,
seven filibusters killed and two captured.
Papers found on the filibusters show the party
to have held meetings in Tubac, Ariz., then
Cuebabi. Their names are: Loreta Rivas,
Miguel Leon, Juan Lungo, Franco Vasquez,
Luis Liso, Jose Salcido, Miguel Alvarez, Juan
Valencia, Jose Cacacaesi, Juan Buitemea,
Franco Ramirez, Juan Cerano, Ygnacio Bach
romo, Francisco Abram, Juan Ligulineu, Juan
Alvarez, Estevan Fusatajoy, Juan Molina and
Raphael Cerbes. They are now heading toward
Tubac. Santa Teresa fanatics are the men.
Immediately on receipt of this telegram
the United States Marshal requested
troops to be sent at once from Fort Hua
chuca, near Bisbee, Ariz., to Tubac and
vicinity to prevent any violation of the
neutrality laws. Nothing has been heard
from the authorities from Washington,
notwithstanding they were promptly ad
vised.
Santa Teresa, the Joan of Arc of Mexico,
driven from that country about a year
ago and reported to have been at Solomon
ville as late as June and then to have left
for El Paso, only to disappear recently, is
supposed to be at the head of this revo
lutionary movement.
She is known among her people as a
healer of sick and a performer of many
benevolent acts. She has quite a scat
tered following.
Reports received by way of Benson to
ward midnight stated that a special train
left there this evening for Fort Huachuca
station, to transfer troops to Nogales. A
special departed from Nogales this morn
ing for Magdalena, Sonora, to bring Mexi
can troops to the line. Another attack is
expected to-night, as 500 Yaqus have re
enforced the revolutionists.
GOVERNOR FRANKLIN ACTS.
Posses Ordered to Start in Pursuit of the
Raiders.
PHCENiX, Ariz., Aug. 12.— Governor
Franklin to-day received the following
dispatch from Sam F. Webb, United
States Collector at Nogales, Ariz. :
An assault was made this morning at 4
o'clock on Nogales, Sonora, by filibusters.
Three Mexican guards were killed and one
citizen and seven filibusters. After being
repulsed, they headed north toword Tucson
or Solomon ville, Ariz. Nineteen of the raid
ers are known to be from Arizona and forty
from Mexico. Orie Jose Gomez of Santa Rita,
Ariz., is their captain. A posse was organized
to pursue the filibusters and they were over
taken in the hills. An encounter followed, in
which three more citizenf? were killed, making
seven in all. Eight bandits lay dead in the
jail yard at Nogales.
Governor Franklin has notified the
Sheriffs of Pima, Cochise and Graham
counties to organize posses and pursue
the invaders. If they are not able to
capture or drive them out he will call the
militia out immediately.
CUBAN FIRE A.ND DYNAMITE.
Rebels Wreck a Train and Burn Two
Sugar Plantation*.
HAVANA, Cuba, Aug. 12. — Rebels
wrecked a passenger train near Navajas,
province of Matanzas, by exploding four
dynamite bombs under it as it was pass
ing. A number of passengers and several
soldiers who were acting as guards were
wounded.
The insurgents have destroyed the sugar
estate of Hueca, in the Manzanillo district
owned by Joseph Rigney, an American,
and the San Miguel estate at Asopardo,
Province of Matazanas. The losses occa
rioned by the destruction of the pioperties
are estimated at $1,000,000 in each case.
Beer and Ctttle. Syndicates in Mexico.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 12.— United
States Consul Burke at Chihuahua, Mex.,
reports to the State Department the estab
lishment of a ureat brewery there, which
reduces the price of beer from 25 cents a
glass to 10 cents throughout a large sec
tion of country along the border hereto
fore supplied from St. Louis. Some of the
leading ranchmen in the republic have or
ganized a big stock company at Chihua
hna to shiD cattle direct to Europe, ex
pecting to compete with United States'
shippers.
Frightful Ravages of Cholera in Egypt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 12.— The
increase of cholera in Egypt is the pria
cipal feature of a report received from
the land of Pharaohs by Surgeon-Gen
eral Wvman of the Marine Hospital ser
vice. Over 8000 deaths have already oc
curred from the present outbreak, and
these figures will be largely increased be
fore the disease runs its course.
FELL WITH A. FLYING MACHINE.
fatal Accident to an Almost Successful
Inventor,
BERLIN, Germany, Aug. 12.— Herr
Lilienthal, an engineer, who for many
years has experimented in the building of
fiyinj machines, met with an accident
yesterday that resulted in his death.
He started with one of his machiue3, to
fly from a hill to Rhinow, near Berlin.
The apparatus worked all right for a few
minutes, and Lilienthal flew quite a
distance, when suddenly the machinery
of the apparatus got out of order and man
and machine fell to the ground. Lilien
thal was so badly injured that he died in
the Hospital to which he was removed.
HANGE D AFTER TORTURE,
Fate of the Fanatic Who As
sassinated the Shah of
Persia.
Was Dissatisfied With the Govern
ment and Sought to Bring
About Reforms.
TEHERAN, Persia, Aog. 12.— Mollah
Reza, who assassinated Narr-ed-Din, Shah
of Persia, May 1, was hanged this morn
ing. An immense crowd of people wit
nessed the execution of the assassin.
Reza was a religious fanatic, who, dis
satisfied with the edicts of the Govern
ment, believed that the way to bring
about reforms was to kill the Shah. He
waited for him in the inner court of the
shrine of Shah Abdul Azim, where chains
separate the outer from the inner court.
Just as the Shah passed the first chain
Mollah approached him and, when within
a few feet, drew a revolver from beneath
his robe and fired.
The bullet struck the Shah near the
heart, and the Persian ruler fell forward
on his knees. By a great effort he rose to
his feet, staggered forward n few feet and
then fell to the ground. He was at once
removed to the palace and doctors sum
moned, but when they arrived they found
him dead. The bullet had lodged in the
pericardial region, between the sixth and
seventh ribs.
The Shah had been accompanied to the
shrine by the Grand Vizier and the custo
mary escort.
Reza was at once seized, and after
exceedingly rough treatment was lodged
in jail. According to rumor he has been
tortured in a fiendish manner since the
murder was committed.
PREPARING FOR STOCKTON'S FETE.
Admission Day Committees Engaged in
Arranging for Many Original
Features.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 12. — Work
has been commenced on the Admission
day arch that is to be placed across the
plaza by the courthouse. The heroic
statue of "Miss California" was placed in
position. The arch is to be fifty feet high
and 125 feet wide, and the pillars will be
huge affairs made to represent California
scenes, from those in the verdant valleys
up to the snow-capped summits of the
Sierras.
Each night the various committees are
meeting to arrange for the details of the
parade and water carnival. One great
float in the parade will be emblematic of
California and of the order of the Native
Sons. Decorators are now at work arrang
ing for this, and designs will be submitted
to the committee in a day or two. Three
of the large floats that are to be used in
the water carnival will be mounted on
wheels and shown during the street
parade.
Everything has been settled as to the
decorations of the big granite courthouse,
and the huge dome will blaze with 400 in
candescent lights. The decoration com
mittee has ordered thousands of Japanese
lanterns that are to be used in decorating
the principal thoroughfares of the city.
The carnival on the water will be one of
the chief attractions on the night of Sep
tember 9, and McLeods Lake and
Stockton Channel will be made to look
like a fairyland.
The giant crew of the Stockton Athletic
Association has been brought together
again and is now in active training for the
senior event of the regatta. Governor
Budd's offer of a gold trophy for a launch
race has excited interest in that event,
and a number of the local launch-owners
are preparing their boats to enter.
«
WORK FOR ARIZONA INDIANA.
Given Employment as Southern Pacific
Track Repairers.
PHCENIX, Abiz., Aug. 12.— The South
ern Pacific Company is making an experi
ment in Arizona that may solve the labor
question in the Southwest. It is the em
ployment of Papago and Pima Indians as
laborers in repairing the lines in Arizona.
For several months these experiments
have been going on but as yet no radical
changes have been made and no other
laborers displaced to make room for
Poor Lo.
Superintendent Epes Randolph of the
Arizona division informs a Call repre
sentative that the road has had consider
able difficulty this summer in securing
laborers to supply its demands and it dc
ci ded to employ able-abodied Indians who
would not be affected by the heat. Said he:
"We find tnat they make very good
track laborers while they remain at work,
but not having been raised to hard, steady
work, they are not disposed to stick to it
with any great degree of regularity. One
hundred and fifty is perbaps the largest
number of these Indians that we have
employed at any one time. They drop in
and out, however, and our average force of
Indians employed would probably not
exceed 100 men up to the present time."
The result of this experiment will be
watched with considerable interest, for if
Indians can be trained to do this work, for
which they are well fitted, they are likely
to displace whites in orchards, vineyards
and mines.
The Rover Reaches Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 12.—Cap
tain Sellers and a crew of four have suc
cessfully sailed from San Francisco to
Sacramento in the largest yacht which
ever ascended the river to this point. The
yacht is the Rover, owned by Commodore
Bruce of Sausalito, with 35 feet beam and
drawing \\i feet of water. The crew, which
left San Francisco on Saturday, contended
against head winds for a large part of the
distance, but buccessfully tacked up
stream, avoiding all shallows and sand
bars.
Sale of Kern County Mines.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 12.-The
Mammoth, Little Mammoth and Tom
Lane mines, in Kern County, have been
purchased by the Los Angeles Gold Min
ing Company. Tho company consists of
H. M. Russell, N. F. Wiltshire and O.
Pooley of this city. The new owners will
put up a ten-stamp mill at once, which
will be worked by water-power generated
from the Kern River. They wiii also put
up a tramway to conduct the ore from the
mine to the mill. The ore, which is free
gold, will be worked by the cyanide pro
cess.
FIRES AT PASO ROBLES.
The Sperry Flour Mill and Two
Adjoining Buildings Are
Destroyed.
The Conflagration Followed by a Sec*
ond Which Damages the
Farmers' Hotel.
PASO ROBLES, Cal., Aue. 12.— Two
conflagrations has this town suffered to
day, and its loss has been heavy. Before
dawn this morning the Sperry flourmill
was destroyed, with all it contained, to
gether with an adjoining blacksmith-shop
and barn. Following this fire came one
in the Farmers' Hotel, and that hostelry
was badly damaged.
The watchman of the Sperry flourmill
discovered fare in the fourth story of the
mill at 3:15 o'clock. It had been started
by friction of the pulley roller. He en
deavored to turn water on from a fire hose,
a coil of which is on each floor of the mill,
but for some reason there was not pressure
enough to get the water to the fourth
floor. The watchman then went to the
engine-room and blew the fire-alarm
whistle, which was promptly responded
to by the fire companies.
The fire had gained such headway that
it could not bo checked and the mill was
burned to the ground. Manager Stein
beck succeeded in saving the books and
papers of the company.
The tire spread from the mill to the barn
of C. Holderness, and it was destroyed.
The blacksmith-shop of Nuckolls & Deer
ing was next swept away. The livery
stable of Nuckolls Bros, was on tire several
times, but was prevented from buruinc by
the constant work of the tire boys.
There was 3000 barrels of flour in the
mill, 1000 of which was to have been
shipped to-day, and a large quantity of
milling wheat. The electric plant, owned
and operated by the Sperry Company, was
in the mill building and is a total loss.
One of the boarders of the Farmers'
Hotel, after returning from the mill fire,
upset his lamp and started a conflagra
tion in the hotel. Before the tire company
could arrive, the upper story was
destroyed.
The losses are: Sperry Flour Company,
$35,000, insured for $17,500; C. Holderness,
j $250, no insurance; Nuckolls & Deering,
1 $300, no insurance; Farmers' Hotel, partial
loss, insured for $1500. The mill was one
of the best in Southern California, with a
capacity of 200 barrels per day, and was
running full time, getting out flour for the
! China trade.
*
Fire at Anderson
ANDERSON, Cal., Aug. 12.— The can
nery and machinery of the Anderson Can
ning and Fruit-packing Company and a
dwelling belonging to Dan Gover and J. T.
Ryan were burned at 5 o'clock this morn
ing. The cannery was valued at $8000.
The principal owner wus S. E. Burbank.
Large quantities of tin, $700 worth of dried
fruit and 300 sacks of wheat were stored in
the place, and all was lost, with no in
surance. The value of the dwelling was
$650 and the insurance $600. The lurni
ture was saved. The origin of the fire is
unknown, but it is supposed to be incen
diary, as no fire had been used at or about
the cannery where it started.
♦
West Virginia Goldbugs.
WHEELING, W. Va., Aug. 12.— T0-day
seventy-five prominent Democrats, repre
senting nearly every county in the State,
met here and formally bolted the National
Democratic platform. Colonel Robert H.
Brower of Grape Island presided. While
they boit the platform, they also denounce
McKinley and protection in equally strong
terms. A delegation will be sent to Indian
apolis.
MTTW TO-DAY.
Either
Way--
If you want a Ready-
made Suit of Clothes
we show the biergest as-
sortment in the entire
West and at prices that
no one else in town can
afford to quote.
Take
Your
Choice.
If you prefer yonr
suit made to order we
show you a superb line
of the highest grade of
American and imported
woolens to select from,
all new patterns.
MEN'S
SUITS
Made to order by the
best Merchant Tailors
from
$12.50 to
$25.00.
Also Suits for
Boy or Child at the
same proportion.
H.
Summerfield
& Co.,
924-930 Market St.
34
CHINA AND JAPAN
REACH A TREATY
Favored Nation Privileges
for the Mikado's
Country.
NO RECIPROCAL RIGHTS.
Field Marshal Yamagata Makes
a Report of His Tour and
Receptions.
APPALLING FLOODS IN NAGANO
Over a Hundred Deaths and 180,000
Destitute Inhabitants Receiving
Government Relief.
TOKIO, Japan, Aug. 2.— The plenipo
tentiaries of China and Japan have signed
the new commercial treaty between the
two empires and ratifications are to be
exchanged in Peking within three months.
Until then the contents of the document
will remain private. It has transpired,
however, tbat the treaty secures for Japan
access to the interior of China for pur
poses of trade, invests Japanese consular
courts in China with extraterritorial jur
isdiction and guarantees most favored
nation treatment to Japan, none of
which privileges are reciprocal.
Field Marshal Yamagata has returned
from his mission to Russia, where he rep
resented the Emperor at the coronation.
His health is impaired and he looks greatly
emaciated. When asked if he had been
coolly treated in Russia he smiled and
emphatically denied the allegation. He
was greatly pleased with the warm recep
tion accorded him in America. Speaking
specially of Li Hung Chang, he said he
was almost idolized in Russia, but his
ignorance of etiquette frequently involved
him and his Russian hosts in embarrassing
situations. On one occasion the Marshal
met Lord Li and accosted him heartily,
saying how desirous he had long been
of meeting him. Li made a suitable reply.
Several Embassadors, says the marshal,
naively, expressed surprise that a field
Marshal of the victorious country should
hold a long colloquy with an aged official
of the vanquished empire. The marshal
says the notables at the coronation were
the various royalties and the American,
French, German, British and Austrian
Embassadors.
The Nichi-Nichi, one of the leading
Japanese papers, has devoted considerable
space in its leading columns lately to
grave discussion of two great diplomatic
problems of the East, that is : the relation
of Russia and England with reference to
the far East and Japan. The Nichi-Nichi
does not believe that Korea will be
abandoned to the control of Russia alone,
Russia being pledged not to attempt such
a monopoly. It holds that Russia is not
absorbed in encroaching on others' rights
and territories, but that the southern
expansion of Russia is dictated by sheer
necessity and that the growth of the great
northern power must not be regarded as
the outcome simply of ambition ana
greed.
The Nichi's great point is that Japan
should po band in hand with Russia in
solving the Eastern problem and in estab
lishing a eood understanding. In short,
it advocates putting a dainty chain of
chrysanthemums around the stiff neck ol
the bear. The Nichi's opinion of England
in regard to the situation is tbat Great
Britain will find it difficult to maintain
her attitude of isolation, saying: "It is
impossible for her single-handed to check
the southern expansion of Russia, nor is
she competent to become mistress of the
Orient with the Co-operation of other
states."
Japanese Surgeon Murata, who went
officially to Cuoa some months age, has
written to the Tokio papers his opinion of
the Spanish Government hospital at Ha
vana. He estimates the status of Spanish
Burgery very low and the nursing as slov
enly and negligent, the wounded soldiers
being roughly treated by the Burgeon and
his nurses, the latter of whom appear to
be laborers with dirty limbs and bad
manners. He cannot, he says, bring him
self to describe all that he saw.
The Mohammedan rebellion in Kansu
seems to be developing much larger pro
portions. The general-in-chief of the im
perial forces has apparently received com
mands to carry on a war of extermination.
At one place in a disaffected region he
slew 3000 tradespeople and sold their wives
and female children. This is expected to
provoke terrible resistance, in which Mo
hammedans across the border in Russia
are expected to take a hand.
With reference to the outbreak of the in
surrection in Formosa and cruelty on the
part of Japanese civil and military offi
cials the Nichi-Nichi Sbinbun charac
terizes the reports of cruelties as reckless
fables, base calumnies and deserving no
attention.
The Yokohama Bicycle Works has re
ceived an order from America for 100
bicycles. Those who affect the bicycle in
Japan are employes of mercantile and
banking corporations, young peers and
schoolteachers. The opinion of Japanese
medical experts is averse to the use of the
bicycle by either sex.
Count Kamei Jimei died on the 18th ult.
He was the late feudal lord of Iwami
Province, and during the war against
China took more than 600 pbotosraphs on
the battlefields.
Recent floods throughout Japan as a re
sult of the heavy rainfall were the worst
experienced in forty years. An official
report from the Governor of Nagano says
that the floods caused in his province 109
casualties to life, washed away 342 houses,
wrecked 223 others and flooded 14,800. It
devastated immense tracts of land. Over
600 bridges were carried away and in
numerable roads and embankments were
destroyed. The damage in other provinces
was even more serious. The total bum
ber of sufferers is 290,000, and of these
180,000 persons are receiving relief.
These figures are exclusive of the
province of'Hida, where the flood was also
serious. A very wide tract of country be
tween the rivers Nagara and Yebi is
turned into a great lake. Landslides have
also added to tbe general disaster.
An irruption has taken place from
Shantung into Hiuchon. Tbey have
been joined by some 3000 local confreres
and are devastating and burning on a
large scale, the 2000 men under the com
mand of the Taotai being unable to cope
with them. Fresh troops have been dis
patched from Nanking. The Shantung
bandits are supposed to be old soldiers
that deserted, carrying their arms with
them, on the occasion of the Japanese in
vasion of that province.
FRASKY rAXtLSY'B PLAGVB.
Jianchers Driven From Their Homes by
Jnradinff Swarms of Mosquitoes.
VICTORIA, n. C, Aug. 12. -The recent
heavy rains, followed by intense heat and
hot Chinook winds, have caused a mos
quito swarming on the Fraser that threat
ens to seriously ailect harvesting on. the
most fertile lands of British Columbia.
This Is not the worst danger threatened
by the plague, for it is stated on good
authority that several families have been
driven from their homes in the Sardis set
tlement. In Chiliiwack haying has been
practically suspended, owing to its being
rimply impossible to work among tbe
dense clouds of mosquitoes..
A Victorian just arrived from Har
rison Hot Springs reports the pest as being
very bad there. He had gone to +he
springs to spend a vacation, but was li
able to remain, owing to the storms of in
Fects from which there was no escap ing.
Even along the Canadian Pacific Rail way
the mosquitoes are a great source of an
noyance.
Kilrain and Slavin to Box.
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 12.— Jake Kil
rain signed articles of agreement to box
Frank P. Slavin of Australia a limited
number of rounds on September 7 for a
side bet of $500 and a purse offered by the
Eureka Athletic Club. If Kilrain be suc
cessful with Slavin, ne will meet the San
Francisco heavy-weight, Tom Sharkey,
who gave Jim Corbett a hot four-round
argument.
T.trfit liners on Lake Erie
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 12.— Three
classes of yachts were entered in the races
to-day. They were 46, 40 and 29 footers.
In the 46 class the Canada won, with the
Zetina, another Canadian boat, second.
The Vivia won in the 40-foot class and the
Bybil in the 29-foot class.
SANTA CLARA'S VICTORY,
Judge Lorigan Decides That the
Town Can Contract for an
Electric Plant.
The Injunction Issued at the Request
of Morrison and Sennett Is
Dissolved.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 12.— Judge Lori
gan has dissolved the temporary in
junction granted to S. Morrison and James
Sennett restraining the Town Trustees of
Santa Clara from awarding the contract for
an electric-light plant.
About two years ago $60,000 worth of
bonds were issued to construct municipal
water works at Santa Clara, and the peo
ple of the town were so pleased with the
water system that they decided to operate
their own lighting works. The lighting
plant was to cost $10,000, and it was pro
posed to use $6500 lelt over from the sale
of the water works bonds in part payment.
On the evening of July 22, as the Trustees
were about to award the contract for the
lighting plant, they were served with an
injunction frecured by Messrs. Morrison
and Sennett. This put a stop to the
awarding of the contract.
The Trustees at once passed an ordinance
discontinuing the use of the lights of the
Electric Improvement Company, which
was accused of being behind Sennett and
Morrison. Since then the town has been
in darkness save for an occasional oil lamp
set out by some enterprising citizen.
In an amended complaint, Messrs. Mor
rison and Sennett attacked the legality of
the water bonds, claiming that the pro
ceedings of the board in calling an election
for the issuance was void and without
effect, in that the election was not held in
the manner provided by law. They also
claimed that the board had no power un
der the town charter to construct water
works or an electric light plant.
In his decision Judge Lorigan said : It
appears, both upon principle and author
ity, that a municipal corporation inde
pendent of any direct charter provision or
statuatory authority has both an implied
and inherent right to light its streets and
public places and to purchase and operate
a plant, therefore it follows that the Trus
tees of the town of Santa Clara were act
ing within their power, and legally, in
a^ariing the contract for an electric-light
plant, and the temporary injunction here
tofore issued restraining them from so do
ing is set aside and dissolved."
•
ALLEXDER HELD FOR MURDER
The Assassin Will Plead Insanity to
Escape the Gallows.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 12.— Harvey Al
lender, who murdered Venany Crosetti
and Wally Fielner on Sunday, was to-day
held to answer for the murder of the
latter. Owing to the eagerness of the
people to crowd the courtroom, Justice
Dwyer held the examination in the office
of the county jail. Miss Helen Fielner, a
sister of the murdered girl; Dr. Fred
Bangs, W. H. Barnes and F. Schiele were
the only witnesses examined. It is under
stood that Allender's defense will be that
of insanity.
Death of James Tormey.
6 AN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 12.— James Tor
mey, a pioneer of California and well
known resident of this city, died at his
home here to-day. He was 74 years of
age and a native of County Meath, Ire
land. He came with his parents to
America when he was quite young, and
the family settled in Wisconsin and be
came interested in the lead mines. In
1849 Tormey came across the plains to
California to engage in gold mining. Sub
sequently he engaged in ranching in
Coiusa County. jFor twenty-eight years
he had been a resident of San Jose, and
was highly esteemed by all who knew him.
Quito Land Company Incorporated
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 12.— Articles in
corporating the Quito Land and Improve
ment Company were filed in the Clert's
office to-day. The capital stock is $90,000,
all of which has been subscribed. The
corporation will buy and sell lands and
raise and deal in fruits and other agricul
tural products. San Jose is named as the
principal place of business. The following
are named as directors: 8. R. Johnson,
Mansfield Lovell, Samuel E. Johnson, P.
8. Sheldon and William A. Cooper, all of
San Jose.
Killed by a Train.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 12.— The man
who was strucK by a train near Sargents
station yesterday morning and subse
quently died from his injuries was to-day
identified as Alexander Basco. He was
formerly employed as a laborer on the
Sargent ranch, near where the accident
occurred.
The Glass-Eating Boy.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— After the
exposition to-night a committee cf doctors
under the direction of Dig. Hamlin and
Woolsey, took Willie Leary, the glass
eating boy, under the cathode ray and
tried to see the contents of his stomach.
The operator wanted a thirty-minute ex
posure but only fourteen minutes elapsed
before the current was cut off. The plate
will be taken to the university to-morrow
for development. The doctors are greatly
interested in the boy and are perfectly
satisfied that he really eats the glass.
They want to trace its digestion or what
ever process it goes through after entering
the stomach.
Reno Suspects Bound Over.
RENO., Nev., Aug. 12.— Porter and Has
kett, accused of attempted train-wrecking,
were bound over to-day by Justice Linn to
appear before the Grand Jury. The de
fendants made no statement.
San Diego Mystery Cleared.
SAN DIEGO, Cat.., Aug. 12.-The body
of Victor Stewart, 8 years old, who disap
peared two weeks ago. was found to-day
near the National City wharf.
A cyclist in Bedfordshire had his ma
chine shattered under him by iichtninK
while be escaped unbuxt,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 18U6.
LI HUNG CHANG'S
NAVAL RECEPTION,
Admiral Bunce in Confer
ence With Secretary
Herbert.
BIG GUNS TO THUNDER.
The North Atlantic Squadron Is
Ordered to Prepare for
the Event
THE OREGON'S POWDER SUPPLY
The New Battle-Ship's Fighting Ability
Diminished Through Lack of
Proper Munitions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 12.— Rear-
Admiral Bunce, commanding the North
Atlantic Squadron, stopped at Washing
ton to-day en route to Hampton Roads
from New York, where he bad been in
conference with Secretary Herbert. The
Secretary had ordered him to come to
New York to discuss squadron matters
with him before his departure for Europe,
it is understood that one of the subjects
discussed by the two officials was the par
ticipation of the North Atlantic Squadron
in tne reception to be accorded Li Hung
Chang.
Under the programme which has been
arranged tho squadron will leave Hamp
ton Roads on Saturday next for a week
or ten days on the drill grounds, after
which it will sail for Tompkinsville, S. 1.,
where it will take on board stores and
other supplies, and will wait for the ar
rivalof Li.
Upon his arrival the squadron will be
drawn up in line and will belch forth
salutes as the steamer St. Louis, bearing
the distinguished Chinese diplomat, passes
by. This, so far as can be learned, is the
rough feature of tbe programme which
the navy in to perform.
Admiral Bunce, while at the department
to-day, talked with Acting Secretary
McAdoo about squadron matters, and that
official states that Li Hung Chang's recep
tion WBS not referred to during the con
versation. It is expected, however, that
the dispatch boat Dolphin will be detailed
to carry Li to the shore from Quarantine,
where the St. Louis will be detained.
Although the battleship Oregon is ready
for sea her fighting ability is very much
diminished by the fact tbat she has no
powder for her 13-inch guns that will in
any way come up to the naval standard.
The Navy Department has accepted a few
thousand pounds of 13-inch powder for
that vessel, but this is far below the re
quirements. There was none other avail
able, however, and the authorities had to
take the supply. But even with the
amount on hand, the Oregon is very badly
crippled from lack of ammunition for her
heavy guns.
Some time ago the department gave an
order to the California Powder Company
for the manufacture of sufficient 13-inch
powder for the Oregon. Since the con
tract was made that firm has been experi
menting with the powder and has sub
mitted lot after lot to the department for
trial, only to have it rejected. The fault
lay either in the low variety given or the
high pressure.
Under the department's contract the
powder must give a velocity of 2100 feet
per second and fifteen tons pressure. The
California company it is understood has
not yet been able to pass these require
ments. Another lot is expected at tbe de
partment within a few weeks and will be
tried at the Indian Head proving grounds.
It is possible, in case it should not give
the desired results, that the authorities
will shin to the west coast some of the
powder manufactured for the battleships
Indiana and Massachusetts. The supply
on hand for these vessels is very small,
however, and the authorities do not care
to reduce it if they can possibly help.
In addition, it is their desire to make
the Oregon essentially a Western coast
vessel in all things possible, and for this
reason they desire that she should, when
first she puts to sea, be supplied with pow
der manufactured on the Pacific Coast.
It is stated in the Naval Bureau of Ord
nance that for small guns the California
company has been manufacturing excel
lent powder, and no one can understand
why it cannot with equal facility manu
facture powder for heavy jruns.
SACRAMENTO THIEVES CAUGHT.
Police Officers Apprehend the Gang That
Looted a Clothing-Store in
April.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Aug. 12.— After
weeks of pereistent shadowing Police Offi
cers Nagle and Fisher have succeeded in
discovering the perpetrators of one of the
most extensive burglaries ever committed
in this city, and have lodged the entire
gang in the City Prison.
On the n ght of the 23d of April last an
entrance was effected into an uptown
tailor establishment situated on X street
near the postoffice, in the heart of tbe
city, and over $2800 worth of fine clothes
were stolen and carried away in a one
horse wagon. The robbery was committed
during a terrific rainstorm, and there
was not a clew left by which the robbers
could be traced except the imprints of the
burglars' horse and the wheels of their
wagon. The trail of these was lost as
coon as it struck the bituminous streets.
Some days ago Nagle and Fisher were
led to believe that a gang living with a
notorious woman named Silverlock in a
back street was concerned in the robbery.
They arrested the woman on a charge of
vagrancy and she was convicted and sent
to tbe county jail. This broke up the
rendezvous, and the officers shadowed the
gang until they captured one of the mem
bers while drunk and conveyed him to the
police station, where he broke down and
confessed, giving the names of his confed
erates and naming the spot where the
stolen goods had been buried.
Two other members of the gang were
then arrested and a search made for the
plnnder, but it was found that the theory
of "honor among thieves" had been ex
ploded, for while his two confederates had
been in duresa vile for minor offenses the
third had made away with tbe entire
plunder and now professes innocence.
The names of the men under arrest are
Harry Wagner, Frank Kelly and John
Lambert.
Bancho del Paso Taxes Reduced.
.' SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 12.— The
Board of Equalization of this . county,,
reduced the assessment on Haggin's
Rancho del Paso $50,000, leaving it still
nearly $1,000,000. Assessor Berkey claimed
that all the horses were not returned and
that lie arbitrarily assessed - the whole
property, as the law authorizes. The
Supervisors held that hi 3 assessment was
not of the legal arbitrary nature, as he put
it on all the property instead of on that
portion which he claims was purposely
omitted, namely, several hundred horses.
CONVICTED AT SAN RAFAEL
Deputy Tax Collector London Found Guilty
of the Embezzlement of Public
Funds.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Aug. 12.— The
case of the people against R. B. London,
charged with embezzlement of public
money while acting as deputy Tax Col
lector, was concluded and submitted to
the jury this afternoon. London was
found guilty and will be sentenced on Sat
urday, August 22.
The trial has occupied two weeks, one of
which was spent in getting a jury. The
case attracted much attention, as such
cases always do in small communlti'S,
but more particularly by reason of his
peculiar line of defense, which was that
the defalcation was due to son\e one else,
within or without the office, of the Sheriff
and Tax Collector, and not a cent of it
had ever been taken by the accused. Yet
a dozen witnesses swore that London ad
mitted his guilt and said he was solely re
sponsible for the loss.
LOB OLIFOS COLONY.
A Clan Whose Members Will Subsist on
Fruit and Xuts-
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 12.— W.
S. Manning, leader and organizer of a new
diet system, waß in town to-day and states
that the new bill of fare promises to be
widely adopted in Santa Barbara County,
where the ideal conditions for its realiza
tion exist. Manning advocates the ex
clusive use of ripe fruits and nuts and has
for the last ten years subsisted upon these
simple, un cooked foods. He is at present
living on a small ranch in Hope dis
trict, near this place, but is forming a
colony which will settle near Los Olivos.
Olives and walnuts, which are produced
in great abundance in this locality, he re
gards as two essential staple*.
Manning argues that when people learn
that life can be sustained so easily and so
cheaply ail suffering from hunger will
cease, at least in this favored land, while
diseasa will be well nigh obliterated. He
has already made several notable converts
to his doctrine and confidently asserts
that more will follow.
May Claim a San Diego Estate.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Ang. 12.— Miss Hattie
Pelthazer of Los Angeles, formerly known
by some persons as the wife of Samuel H.
Moll, who died here last Saturday, has
arrived and, it is believed, will make a
fight for a part of the Moll estate, valued
at nearly $40,000. The petition of Public
Administrator Kamman, filed to-day,
states that Moll was a widower. Moll and
Miss Pelthazer were, until a few weeks
ago, almost constantly in each other's
company.
ENSENADA'S GOLD THIEF,
James Garratt Confesses That He
Looted the Riveroll
Vaults.
Exonerates Allan Pratt and Declares
That Only Himself Is
Guilty.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 12.—Informa
tion received this morning from Ensenada
states that James G. Garratt, apprehended
in the act of recovering a gold bar worth
$12,600, stolen from the shipping office of
Riveroll eighteen months ago, has made
a statement exonerating every one but
himself. He and Allen Pratt served six
teen months in Ensenada jail for the
theft.
Garratt says that he got Pratt drunk on
the night of March 20, 1895, and went to
Riveroll's office and worked the combi
nation of the safe. To prove his assertion
he, at his own request, was yesterday
taken to the office from the jail and easily
opened all the safes in the office, and even
opened them after the combinations had
been changed. He says he can open any
safe with a combination lock.
Garratt says that before the gold bar was
stolen he used to stay with Pratt in the
office building and when Pratt slept he
would go down stairs to the office and
open the safes to see if they contained
anything worth stealing. He was on the
lookout for a good-sized gold bar for years.
The mystery of the theft of $1000 from
the office of the Colonization Company at
Ensenada five years ago is now thought to
be cleared, for Garratt was employed by
tbe company at that time. Pratt is now
at 1217 Polk street, San Francisco, and is
believed to be in no danger of extradition
on account of his innocence.
Garratt and Sam Hayward, who was
caught with him on the way to unearth
the bar, are in solitary confinement and
liable to be sent to Belem Prison, City of
Mexico.
SACRAMENTO MONGOES FIGHT.
On* Suffers Fracture? of Both Arms and
a Contused Scalp.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 12.— Ah
Jung lies in the receiving hospital at the
city prison to-night with both arms
broken and a long gash in his shaven
scalp, the result of an encounter with a
fellow Celestial within the odorous con
fines of Chinatown. Ah Jung is a country
Chinaman who "camee" to town to see
the sights after a season of close applica
tion to the Eastern fruit trade. On arriv
ing he engaged an apartment among the
followers of Confucius, and when about
to retire found that another Mongol was
occupying his shelf and sleeping mat. Ah
Jung filed a protest without avail, and
then tried to run a bluff with a knife. As
the weapon flashed in the light of the
tallow dip that illuminated the apart
ment, the intruder sprang from the shelf,
seized a club and went for tbe luckless Ah
Jung. He was a city Chinaman named
Fong Ah Wong and an artist at the busi
ness, and in a vary few seconds he had
broken both of Ah Jung's arms, split his
scalp open and escaped.
LOS ANGELES CONVENTION.
Lively Session of the iV; Southern Cali
fornia A fro- American League.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 12.—To
day's session of the Afro-American con
vention was marked by acrimony from
start to finish. When the report of • the
credentials committee was read, a motion
to table it was lost by a vote of 32 to 45.
An objection was made to the seating of
the woman delegates, but the president
promptly put a quietus on this by saying
with emphasis that the ; women of the
Afro-American League were delegates and
entitled to their seats.
All attempt at order was lost for a time,
and then the vote on the adoption of the'
report was taken, it was adopted as
; read. ■ : r- . ; ■■■;■-; •■ ■ - ; ■. ■
Among the distinguished guests in the
convention .is Mrs. Naomi Anderson, a
colored ; disciple of Susan B. ; Anthony.
Mrs. Anderson is the first colored speaker
for woman ; suffrage: She spoke at the
nrst woman's^ rights convention in the
c West in 1869 in Liberty Hall, Chicago, ..
TWO WEDDINGS
AT OAKMEAD,
The Misses Alice and Julia
Dornin of Oakland the
Brides.
FETE AMID FLOWERS.
Hubert Bryant and Rev. George
Eldredge Win Fair Life-
Partners.
BANS SAID BY TWO PASTOR*.
Many Guests From Bay Cities Go to
the Country Place on a Special
Train.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 12.— There
was a pretty double wedding at Oakmead,
the beautiful country home of Mr. and
Mrs. George G. Dornin, to-day, when
Hubert Bryant and Miss Alice Dornin and
the Rev. George Eldredge and Miss Julia
Dornin were joined in holy wedlock.
Special cars were run over the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad, which
passes through the Dornin place, and the
guests from 'abroad were taken almost to
the doors of the Dornin mansion.
Tbe house and grounds were beautified
by the most exquisite flowers and ferns
that this county affords, from hothouse
and field. Just at noon the wedding
march sounded, and the bridal party took
its place under a canopy of flowers in
the north parlor. Here the Rev. J. T.
Shurtleff, rector of the Church of the
Good Shepherd of Cloverdale, pronounced
the words that united Mr. Bryant and
Miss Alice Dornin. Then the Rev. Dr.
Mackenzie, D.0., pastor of the First Pres
byterian Church of San Francisco, per
formed a like service for Mr. Eldredge and
Miss Julia Dornin.
The brides were handsomely gowned in
white silk, and were attended by Miss
Helen Dornin, Miss Dorothy Wilkinson
and Master Wiusor.
On the vine-covered porches and under
the spreading oaks a wedding breakfast
was served, after which the newly wedded
couples boarded a train for the south,
where their honeymoon will be spent.
The Dornin family is best known in
Oakland society, where the father of the
brides is prominent as the manager of sev
eral insurance companies. Hubert Bryant
is also from Oakland, where he holds a
responsible position with the Bprin«rneld
Insurance Company. Tho Rev. George
Eldredge is the pastor of the Fulton Pres
byterian Church and a recent graduate of
San Anselmo Theological Seminary. Sev
eral hundred guests were present, and the
numerous and costly presents received by
the brides were but slight tokens of the
affection and esteem otherwise exhibited
by those in attendance.
MARK ISLAND ACCIDENT.
Probably Fatal Fall of , Etc- Foreman
Shipwright Hilton.
VALLEJO, CAi»,.Aug. 12.— G. Hil
ton, formerly foreman shipwright in the
construction department at the navy
yard and now employed as shipwright In
the same department, met with an acci
dent that may prove fatal yesterday,
while working on the Hartford. He fell
backward from what will be the gun deck
to the deck below, a distance of eight feet,
striking his head and cutting it severely.
There is a belting of iron around the side
of the ship, to which wooden planking is
put on by means of bolts. Hilton had
been standing on a box, engaged in rivet
ing the bolts, when he made a misstep and
fell.
Hilton was brought to Vallejo and con
veyed to his residence. His physician
does not express an opinion as to the re
sult, as the patient seems to have internal
hemorrhages, Hilton is upward of 70
years of age and weighs nearly 200
pounds. --"-■■ ■ :. .
NATIONAL CITY FAILURE.
Inability to Realize Upon Se
.curities Causes a Bank
to Suspend.
Doors of the Institution Are Closed,
but Depositors Will Be Paid
in Fu'l.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 12.— The Bank
of National City closed its doors this
morning, and a note was posted on the
door to the effect that on account of dif
ficulty in making collections the concern
was forced to suspend. The directors of
the bank are W. C. Kirn ball, Flora M.
Kimball, George W. Ha!e, C. B. Whittle
sey, C. H. Sawyer and Peter Morse. Pres
ident Kimball and who and George W.
Hale of Malone. N. V., are the heaviest
stockholders. The capital stock is $30,
--000, all paid, and there is a small surplus.
President Kimball said to-day:
"We closed because we found it im
possible to realize upon securities. The
bank has enough securities, if the market
improves, to pay evnry creditor in full."
From this it is believed the suspension
will probably be permanent, though no
one questions the solvency of the insti
tution. Mr. Kimball is reputed to be
worth $250,000. No uneasiness was no
ticeable here or at National City regarding
the suspension.
The last official statement of the con
dition of the Bank of National City to the
Bank Commissioners, made on March 30,
was as follows:
Resources— Other real estate, $17,661 26;
invested in stocks, bonds and warrants, $1160;
loans on real estrfte, $33,476 38 ; loans and dis
counts, $39,707 78; cash balances, $3448 29;
due liom banks and bankers, $9146 05; fur
niture, fixtures, etc., $1054 09. Total re
sources, $105,643 85.
Liabilities— Capital paid up, $30,000; re
serve fund. $11,543 82; due depositors, $58,
--830 58; due batfks and bankers, $251 45;
other liabilities, $5012. Total liabilities, $105,
--043 85.
The Bank Commissioners telegraphed
to C. B. Whittelsy, the cashier, to take
charge of the bank until the arrival of the
commissioner at National City.
Freak of a. Eureka Maniac.
EUREKA, Cal., Aug. 12.— Emanuel
Hanson, a morphine "fiend," while in a
fit of insanity attempted suicide to-day by
cutting himself about the arms and body
with a sharpened case knife. He imagines
that he is being pursued by a pack of
ferocious dogs, and tbat the only way to
escape is to die.
|MANHOOt) V ; i
lANHOOD
| REGAINED !
I YOUNG MAN * e uf^° | ! c il!s£ SS^S^rJHS 1
E YOUNG MAN hf'^i £BiisK srzssStfiSXgZ 3
fe YOUNG MAN """M iSHSi «.°.^US».'u'™ssS 3
I YOUNG MAN *•? i™ 111 """"." 1
P ,V^r.l«^ " lnlN by using KCZKMA If you are suffering from oi
P YOUNG MAN the gr^ at K(:zkMA Ucfei. tan .boot 111 cm cj
U *X,,i,^ l¥l " rii>l remedy- ECZEMA and cure. Call or write for ol
)o YOUNG MAN treatment ECZEMA Eczema book. Call or write to o<
C IV/UINVJ IVI/\IN HUDYAN ECZK3IA the great Hudson Doctors. 3
U • ■■ ECZiiMA Write to-day. ol
I HODYAN CORES : fSg«iF*T I
)o Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility, :... ;..!f.?2?.^??I?:;::' : o
C- Melancholia, Constipation, 3
1 0 .! HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 3
So . . r iß indeed the entire «- V r- LIVER When your liver Is disordered <J
p parts— indeed tne entire sys- liver you win notice the following 3
C tern is strengthened and in- livkic symptoms: you should write for 3
C vigorated by wonderful BJiS "^%^u°^ilab?er- 6 - c
i .■.i..«r.^> Xii»jcjit "Are yon Irritable" __
p HUUYAN. LIVER "Are you nervousr' °
p LIVER "Do you get dlizyr' »
|O IlMn ., *a m nnnro LIVER "Have you no energy °
£ HUDYAN CURES HyS? <ls >-°™ memoir poorr- «
o .., . «_.■*«. . LIVER "Do you feel miserable T" • . a
v Nervousness, Debility and i.ivkk -do you have cold feetr ■ o
So String Frni<;sions ■■■■'- LIVER "Do you get tired easily T" o
p Stops emissions. LIVER "Do you have hot flush esT" o
C, T777T. LIVER "Is your eyesight blurred V o
5 : «mpiii ,_, r-.Di.-c- • LIVER "Can't you explain whereT" a
P : CIRCULARS FREE LIVI-JR "Have you pain in the back T"
P : • LIVER "Is your flesh soft and flabby r*
i° Call or Write. — — LIVER 'Are your spirits low at times °
p caM or write. LIVER "Is there a bloating after eat- °
Jo ■'.—/.—.■—. LIVER ing?" . e>
E TAINTED BLOOD. jjvkr jh«. you pain, around tl* «
Jo TAINTED BLOOD First, secondary LIVER "Do you have gurgling In 3
U TAINTED BLOOD and tertiary forms LIVER bowels?" 3
Jo TAINTED BLOOD of blood disorders LIVER "Do you have rumblinj in 3
U TAINTED BLOOD are manifested by H v bowels?" ww^ o
U TAINTED BLOOD Copper- colored tf^-wt? « . 19 tnere throbbing la the stom- 3
E 51S?!S bl-88E IKS' Vr&ffl! \ v || 3-^ -«« *"■'-"■ .. 3
So TAINTED BLOOD the Mouth, Falling r,iVER "Do you have palpitation of the «
(o TAINTED BLOOD Hair and Bad LIVER heart?" ™ 3
So TAINTED BLOOD Blood. When in i.IVEB "Is there a general feeling of 3
So TAINTED BI.OOI> this condition you LIVE It lassitude c
So TAINTED BLOOD must act prompt- , i IVER "Do these feelings affect your o
So TAINTED BLOOD ly. The best to do LIVER memory?" D
So TAINTED BLOOD is the sure 30-day _ ' ... r . . 3
So TAINTED BLOOD cure. Call or write .If . yon "l** l ° r cu^i, 0 ' y ,? ur ,11™ 3
£ TAINTED BLOOD for the *"" b '» «' te for "Liver Book. » It will be °
[_ S6HL LU yuu lice.
I ! 30-Day Cure Circhiars. ■• :hudyan.cures r DEBILITy< Ol
fe i 80-Day Cure Circulars : hudyan cures *
g . OV inn Mill vin 'iiiuia. . LIVER DEBILITY. £
£> CIRCULARS FREE. . 3
jo HUDYAN CURES HnDTAN Is mane best friend. Hudyan 3
U ca ii li^rT m a Munrtri HUDTAN cures Wasting Diseases. 3
C FAILING MANHOOD. HUDYAX Call or write for %
£> Testimonials Free. HUDYAN CIRCULARS. 3
I HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE :
Jo STOCKTON 'AND MARKET STREETS, °
So , SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. o
ZsiJLSLSISLSLSIJISLSLSUUIJLSI^^ P 0 P 0 ft ft ft gJULP boo ooo^
FRED YATES IS HERE,
An Artist Who Lived Many-
Years in San Fran
cisco.
Success Achieved in Europe— Keith's
Work Is Highly
Praised.
The owl of Bohemia was a happy bird
last night. Fred Yates, an artist of re
nown, came back to the club after an ab
sence of seven years in Europe, and
Joseph D. Redding strolled in after a so
journ of seven months in New York. Both
will remain to participate in the festivi
ties of the midsummer high jinks to take
place Saturday night of next week in the
redwoods near Guerneville.
Fred Yates came to San Francisco in
1877 and painted portraits and gave lessons
in painting. Among the well-known men
who encouraged him in a substantial
manner were General W. H. L. Barnes,
Arthur Scrivener and Dr. Horatio Steb
bins. He gained some renown here in a
local sense, but did not receive the recog
nition or financial success due to the merit
of his works until he went to Europe.
Some portraits that he painted at a
castlo near Belfast were no better than
portraits that he had painted in San Fran
cisco, but they were recognized as excel
lent examples of art. This was the be
ginning of his success abroad, although
before coming to California he had studied
in France and Italy.
The success which he attained at Belfast
was repeated in London. This year he
has two pictures in the Royal Academy
and one in the Salon. He was in the
Salon last year and four years ago, and
has been continuously in the academy for
several years. At Vickery's an album
mny be seen which contains photographs
of his best works.
Shortly after his arrival in San Fran
cisco yesterday, Mr. Yates paid a visit to
the studio of his old friend William Keith.
Speaking of this visit and mentioning one
picture that he saw there, he said last
evening:
"Keith is one of the greatest painters in
the world. I saw in his studio to-day a
picture that would create enthusiasm in
the art circles of London. Abroad he
would be recognized as one of the great
men of the day.
"In fact," continued Mr. Yates, "Ameri
cans are on top in Europe. Look at six of
the leaders to-day, all Americans-
Whistler, J. J. Shannon, Abbey, Sargent,
Melchers and Clausen.
When asked about the standing re
spectively of the Salon and the Royal
Academy, Mr. Yates replied tnat the
artists generally prized the Salon recog
nition highest. This was due in a measure
to the rule of the Salon, which forbids tne
acceptance of more than two pictures
I from any artist. The old customs of the
academy have not changed. An artist
may have six or seven paintings admitted.
This year 15,000 pictures were sent in
and 1500 accepted for hanging. Some are
placed so high that a telescope is needed
to see them.
Another San Francisco artist, whose
work is highly prized by Mr. Yates, is
Bru:e Porter. ''Mr. Porter is a young
man and is sure to gain recognition. In
stained glass he is an artist of the first
rank."
To-day Mr. Yates will visit the San
Francisco School of Designs at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art. He will remain
in California until the latter part of Sep
tember.
"SOLID EIGHT" SORRY.
By a Snpreme Court Decision the Bi
tuminous Rock and Paving Company
Comes Oat Triumphant.
The bitter fight which has been waged
for the last two years between the Bi
tuminous Rock and Paving Company
against the "solid eip;ht" of the Board of
Supervisors has finally reached a climax
by ttie Supreme Court deciding that the
board, or rather the "solid eight," are en
tirely in the wrong.
The matter has to do with the arbitrary
power of the board to award contracts for
paving a part or the whole of a street, the
payment for which is to come out of the
City treasury, to the highest bidder, or
even to a favored contractor without tie
formcHty of bidding.
Certain streets bordering on the park
and Fell street were being paved by one of
these contractors and James C. Jordan.
president of the company mentioned, had
orders issued. The case
seemed to be going iv his favor and cer
tain of the contractors began suit against
Auditor Broderick to pay them for work
already done on Van Ness avenue.
The Auditor was defended by Jordan's
attorney, Charles F. Hanlon, and though
the case has beon under consideration for
some time, an appeal having been taken,
it was ended by the decision of Justice
Harrison, concurred in by the other two
Justices.
Justice Harrison holds that the City
snould not pay for work done un
der private contracts upon the City's
accepted, streets or upon streets fronting
upon its public parks, but that on the
contrary all work on streets, of whatever
kind, should be let out to the lowest
bidder.
The opinion is concluded by saying that
the board haa no power to Jump over the
boundaries of its charter and that any
other rule "would set at naught all limita
tions upon municipal powers."
FREE SILVER'S FALLACY.
J. J. Valentine Talks of Finance
to the Political Economy
Club.
He Explains Why Intelligent Men
Prefer the Security of a Sound-
Money Standard.
A special meeting of the Political
Economy Club, organized last April by
Professor Bernard Moses of the State Uni
versity, was held last night at the rooms
i>f the South Park Settlement, 15 South
Park, and attracted considerable atten
tion.
The subject of the evening was "Free
Silver," and was ably handled by J. J.
Valentine of Wells, Fargo & Co., who
forcibly presented the dangers lurking in
the vagaries of the free Bilverites and the
lack of a clear knowledge of the average
man on this subject. He outlined the
history of legislation in regard to silver
from the time of Alexander the Great,
through tbe Roman empire, the reforma
tion of the Elizabethan period to the
present moment. He made the statement
that history and experience point with a
warning finger to the disastrous effects of
any attempt of nations to depart from a
sound money basis.
"It is often asked," he said, "by the ad
vocate of free silver, why do bankers gen
erally favor gold? The answer is: First,
it is honest and an equivalent; second,
experience has proven it to be the best
standard of value; third, in the aggregate
four-fifths of all they represent belongs to
the masses, and in protecting themaeives
they protect the people. In other words,
the man who pursues rational and conser
vative methods to avoid or to lessen the
danger of financial confusion and disaster
is the man who seeks to maintain tn.e best
standard, thereby protecting himself as
well as his fellow-man — those upon whose
favor his prosperity depends."
He denied the assertion of the advocates
of free coinage, that the fall of prices of
commoditiesbas been caused by the de
monetization of silver, but declared it was
due to improved methods of production.
The free coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to 1 will mean cheap monometallism.
The following speakers discussed the
question pro and con : John M. Reynolds,
George D. Gillespie, George Aspden, Mrs.
S. J. Howard and J. A. Johnson.
The Political Economy Club meets on
the first and third Tuesday of each month
to study the science of political economy,
to make researches and to establish for its
members a basis for sound thinking on
economic questions. The club has be
come quite popular and is addressed from
time to time by the foremost thinkers,
prominent men and professors in the arti
and sciences in California.
The_Gay Paritlcina Coming.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 12.-At the
matinee to-day at Hooley's Theater the
one hundredth Chicago representation of
"The Gay Parisians" was celebrated. Tho
company has with it W. J. Ferguson,
Sadie Martinot, Jame3 O. Barrows'
Charles B. Wells and others of equal
prominence, consisting of twenty-two
people. They leave Chicago at 6p. m. to
day for San Francisco, where they open
Monday night at the Baldwin Theater
California. Artist Wedded.
MANCHESTER, Ej>g., Aug. 12.— Clark
Hadley, a prominent and wealthy citixen
of this place, and Miss Alice Mills, an
artist of California, who formerly resided
in Manchester, were married here on
Monday.FUSION IN DOUBT
IN WASHINGTON,
Democrats, Populists and
Silver Republicans
in Session.
SENTIMENT IS DIVIDED.
Middle-of-the-Road Members of
the Third Party Elect
Their Chairman.
CONFEKEES ARE SELECTED
Each Faction Names a Committee to
Decide Upon a Division of
Offices.
ELLENSBURG, Wash., Aug. 12.— The
three State conventions set in motion this
morning ran all day and late into the
night, each body holding afternoon and
evening sessions. So far a3 concerned the
Democrats and free silver Republicans
there is no friction, every step and move
made being in the interest of harmony
and fusion, both State and National.
However there are many indications cf
trouble from the Populist assembly, which
contains a very respectable percentage of
middle-of-the-roadsters. To-night each
party named conference committees,
which will decide the fusion proposition
and report to-morrow.
The Democratic Convention perfected
permanent organization at the afternoon
session, selecting Hon. Steve Judson of
Steilacoom as its chairman. An attempt
to pass a resolution condemning Hugh C.
Waliace of Tacoma. late National commit
teeman for the State of Washington, for
his course in affiliating with gold-standard
Democrats started up a lively row, result
ing in the withdrawal of the resolution,
upon a showing that Wallace's resigna
tion had been forwarded to Chairman
Jones of the Democratic National^ Com
mittee and the selection of Hon. William
H. White of Seattle as his successor made.
H. T. Jones, better known as "Farmer"
Jones of Spokane, wa< selected chairman
of the Democratic State Central Commit
tee, and a committee of seven lawyers was
appointed to define or interpret the State
law relative to the formation of State,
Judicial and Senatorial districts. With
the selection of a temporary chairman,
National candidate Bryan was sent the
following telegram:
Ellensbtrg, Wash., Aug. 12, 1896.
Hon. William J. Bryan, Hotel Barthold . Nem
York: Three State conventions— Democratic,
People's Party and Free-silver Republicans
meeting at the same time in Ellensburg,
Wasiu, send congratulations and promise you
the electoral vote of the State.
Chester H. vVarnek,
Chairman Democratic Convention.
C. E Clixe,
Charmaa People's Party Convention.
George W. Thompson*,
Chairman Free-silver Republican Conven
tion.
The Populist Convention, while waiting
during the afternoon session for tb* re
port of the Credentials Committee, was
regaled with a number of speeches from
delegates and visiting dignitaries. The
renowned Colonel Patrick Henry Winston
of Spokane, who has the distinction of
having often held office and turned many
political somersaults, in an addiess de
clared:
"I have at last found in the Populist
party a party with which I am thoroughly
in love and in most hearty accord, and
there I shall rest my political bones."
Some of the speakers spoke for fusion,
wnile others declared unequivocally
aeainst such a movement. Perhaps the '
ye eran Populist R. T. Newlin came nearer ;
voicing the sentiment of the convection '
than any other when he said:
"I believe in the People's party retain
ing more than half the road, and if they
(the Democrats and free-silver Repubii- ■
cans) want what is left they can have it." i
It was the opinion of some that the feel
ine witti regard to straight fusion was ex
ted in the vote on Populist temporary
chairman, when C E (Jline, who is a mid- !
dle-of-the roadster, received 200 votes to
Thorca? J. Miller s 152.
Fusion received its first impetus this
evening by a decision of the Populist
convention to appoint a steering commit
tee to confer with live committees ap
pointed durine the cay by the Demo
cractic aud Fusion-Republican conven
tions, for the purpose of deciding upon
the advisability three commit
tees to outline a general fusion plan, in
cluding division and apportionment of
offices to the three parties.
R. B. Blake of Spokane was chosen
permanent chairman of the Free-Silver i
R°publicans' convention and a similar I
Donor was conferred upon Charles E. i
Cline of Whatcom when the Populists
made their temporary organization per- '
manent.
At the night se«sion, the Populist con
vention appointed a committee of thirty
four — one from each county in the State —
to confer with like committees from the
other two conventions relative to a plan
of fusion. The Populist platform, not yet
adopted, was submitted and read to-night
by Chairman Rader of the platform com
mittee. It indorses the Omaha ana St.
Louis platforms; demands that the people
be civen direct vote on all important
legislation, a material reduction in sala
ries of legislative, judicial and executive
officers, the adoption of the Torrens sys
tem ot land titles, a general system of
non-interest- bearing warrants, receivable
for State taxes, that all schoolbooks be
purchased by the State, that railroad fares
and rates be reduced and that the State
constitution be amended so as to confer
the right of franchise upon all women
resident?. The convention adjourned
until to-morrow.
PLANS OF EQUAL SUFFRAGISTS.
Los Angeles Women Declare Against
Indorsement of Either Party.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 12.— The
campaign committee of tne Los Angeles
Woman Suffragists is waging a vigorous
and persistent campaign of - education
among all classes of voters. The parlor
meetings have been remarkably well at
tended, and the movement is growing and
gaining strength day by day. Precinct
organizations are beinz effected in every
nart of the county with the most nattering
results. At a me'etine of the committee
yesterday the following resolution was
adopted :
Setolred. Thai Inasmuch as women are not
vet voters, and as it will require every energy
they possess or can summon from this time
until next November to make them such, we
deem it extremely unwise for them to Identify
themselves with political parlies by forming
political c.tibs.
It was deciied, however, that a commit
tee be appointed to. secure opportunities
for presenting the matter of woman suf
frage to the several political parties.
Hountai* View Ri-publicnnt.
MOUNTAIN* VIEW, Cal., Aug. 1-.—A
rousing Repubican meeting was held in
Olympia Hall ast evening and a young
men s McKin !ef Club was organized.
George G. Tay!<r was elected president;
W'UiMB M. Ganaph, vice-president; E. L. j
Berry, secretary; F. B. Abbott, treasurer.
An executive committee of five was ap
pointed by the president, it consisting of
W. A. Clark, chairman; George H. Briggs,
James Sbowers, T. A. Whiting, W. H.
Caldwell. About twenty-live members
signed the roll, and each was asfced to
constitute himself a committee of one to
secure as many members as possible. The
roll will contain ovc-r a hundred members
before the end of the month.
PORTLAND'S MAYOR AS FINANCE,
Pennoyer Reients the Charge That He la
a Gvldite.
PORTLAND, Ob., Aug. 12.— T0 tke
charge made by a morning paper that he
was at heart the "worst kind of a gold
bug," because he stipulated in $10,000
worth of notes and mortgages executed to
him that the payment of principal and in
terest must be made in gold coin, notwith
standing that he discharged all city
officia'.s who would not stick to free silver
and Bryan, Mayor Pennoyer comes out in
a reply, in which he challenges the editor
and other witnesses to call upon him and
he will change the words "gold coin" to
"legal tender money" in the notes. The
ex-Governor says he is not a money
lender, and he repels the insinuation, "be
cause it is opprobrious, criminal and
false."
He says: "For forty years I have spent
what I made in improvements; but as a
result of the gold standard policy it is un
safe to do so any longer. The notes were
part payment for three houses I sold at
half-price and for money loaned to men
to save their homes from foreclosure. It
was reluctantly loaned, because I feared
if we remainedon a gold basis the prop
erty mieht fall to roe and become, like all
other property, of little or no value."
HILL LASING STRENGTH.
3tay ->ot Receive the Sixth District Pop
iili + t Somination.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 12.— H. C.
Dillon, who is popularly supposed to have
the Congressional nomination of the Pop
ulists in Qis vest pocket, is likely to meet
with the surprise of bis life at San Luis
Obispo on the 15th inst. The friendliness
of the railroad toward Dillon's candidacy
has been used against him durine the past
few days with great effect. Several candi
dates have expressed a willingness to stand
for the nomination, among them E. M.
Wardall, chairman of the State Central
Committee of the party; W. C. Bowman,
who made the race against McLachlan
and Patton two years apo; Professor A. R.
Sprague, late of the University of Wiscon
sin, and J. V. Webster, the Populist can
didate for Governor two years ago. Dil
lon will not have a majority of the Los
Angeles County delegation on the first
ballot.
DESIED A TOTE AT SANTA ROS A.
Aged Xarcio Sebastin'a Ineffectual At
tempt to Register.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 21.—Regis
tration closed here Monday at midnight.
More than 900 names were enrolled, which
is an increase of 500 over the register of
1894. Old Narcio Sebastin, who claims
to be 96 years old, attempted to register
late Monday afternoon. He claimed to
have been naturalized in this county forty
years ago, but a close search of the records
failed to prove his assertion and he sadly
returned to the county farm shorn of his
glory as the oldest voter in the county.
GAIN IN REGISTRATION.
Officially Declared in a Com
parative Table by the
Registrar.
Special Care Taken This Year in
Guarding Against Stuffing—Can
vassing Precincts.
Following is an interesting comparative
table furnished by Registrar Hinton, and
showine the exact number of voters regis
tered throughout the City by districts:
r., -r-orr-r ; Kegi st rat Ion ! Regis trat ion ! Reelst rat ion
District. {or 18g2 for 189i for lgg6
28 4.260 3.809 3,791
2fi 4.179 3.887 4.044
30 4 032 3,941 3,S8d
31 3,924 3.716 4.164
32 :V.!70 8.010 3 305
33 3.) 47 3,225 3,725
34 4.594 4,543 4.946
35 2,642 2,984 3,342
36 3.783 4.344 5,206
37 4,081 4,471 4,962
38 3,546 3,839 4,181
39 4,165 4.297 4,854
40 3,845 4,151 4.657
41 3,792 4057 4.504
42 3,568 3.535 a.645
43 3,610 3.580 3.4-'5
44 3.670 3,891 3,433
45 3.741 3,259 3,005
Totals ...-i 67.849 j 68,039 ; 78,076 ~
Registrar Hinton said ia^t evening that
as far as he knew there was nothing in
the story published in an evening paper
that an average of ten stuffers had been
found in each of the precincts of the
Furty-third District.
He stated that there might be that num
ber of doubtful names reported by precinct
registration officers, but that many were
merely through innocent errors and would
be permitted to vote. In some instances
voters had negligently registered in the
wrong precinct, while in others the mis
spelling of names caused them to be
classed as doubtful.
The large number on the doubtful list
was occasioned by the following circular
issued oy Registrar Hinton several days
ago:
To the Boards of Precinct Registration—Gextle
stek: Your especial attention is called to that
portion of section 22, Act of March 18, 1878,
which directs Boards of Precinct Registation
'•to carefully examine and revise the names
of voters upon their several precinct regis
ter?, and to ascertain if such are the names of
legal voters, properly on said precinct regis
ters, and entitled to vote in said precinct."
I shall not feel authorized to sign the de
mands of officers unless satisfied that this
duty has been faithfully performed. Respect
fully, W. M. Hinton, Registrar.
The closing paragraph caused the
boards to exercise extraordinary care, and
many slight irregularities that in years
past would not have been noticed were re
sponsible for names going on the doubtful
list.
CARION MADE HAPPY.
He Receives a Readsuring Telegram
From the Xtw York Flrni of
>t mil p- Dealers.
George Carion, the stamD-dealer, who
was charged last week by George M. Schil
ler, a former clerk, with Having abstracted
i rare and valuable stamps and substituted
j counterfeits and les-; valuable specimens
I from certain books of stamps entrusted to
him, took prompt measures to establish
his innocence in tne matter. In the pres
ance of reliable witnesses he sealed the
books in which it was alleged he had
placed the worthless samps and mailed
to the New York tirm which had con
signed them to his clerk.
On Monday he telegraphed to New York
as follows: -'Wire me if everything O. K."
To this he received the reply: "Books
received; appear to be all right.'"
This tie believes was sent upon a casual ]
examination of the stamps, and is conn- |
dent that upon a tnorough investigation
the seri>>us charges against him will be
shown to be without any foundation what
ever.
At the time the charges were made by
Schiller he swore out a search warrant,
but a thorough overhauling of the prem
ises of Mr. Carion failed to reveal any of j
the alleged missing stamps.
About 2000 sailing ve-seh disappear in
tn<» s^a every year, entailing the loss of
12,000 human lives. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
RARE SPORT ON
WILLOWS' TRUCK,
Horse - Racing Enthusiasts
Say Good Things of the
Management.
A DAY OF SURPRISES.
Two Warm Favorites Fail to
Beat Their Fields to the
Judges' Stand.
THE TALENT LOSES HEAVILY.
Blue Bell Wins a Running Dash From
a Collection of Fairly Good
Ones.
WILLOWS, Cal., Aug. 12.— The second
day of the race meeting showed a much
larger attendance at the track than on the
opening day and the character of the sport
witnessed cannot do otherwise than make
the fair a great sucsess. Visitors to the
track to-day all had their betting clothes
on and traffic with the pool-sellers was of
the liveliest sort. The way of the talent,
though, was by no means strewn with
roses, for they went down hard on the
opening event — the 2:19 trot. There were
only five starters, and Nutwood Wilkes,
who won off the reel at Petalumafrom the
same company, was a prohibitive favorite,
being barred in the betting. It was
hinted previous to the race that one of his
legs was under suspicion, and after being
beaten out the tirst heat by Myrtle Thorn
in 2:19^, he was allowed to be drawn by
the judges, being scarcely able to hobble
to his stable.
The 2:15 pace was another bombshell
that exploded in the camp of the specu
lative fraternity with disastrous results.
Colonel Benton, accredited with rattling
off all sorts of fast miles in private trials,
was an odds-on favorite, but failed to take
a heat. Previous to the final heat his
driver, Crawford, was removed from the
bike by the judges and Me Man us substi
stuted, but it worked no material change,
for he barely saved his distance, making a
bad break at the second turn.
Archer Stepnensoti's good mare Blue
Bell took the running dash, starting a
warm favorite, and the wise ones evened
up their losses.
Trottlne. 2:19. three In five, purse $500.
Mam c Griffin, blk. m., by Blackbird, by
signal (sullivan) 34 1 11
Myrtle Thorn, br. m., by Grmndissimo
(Leber) 11833
Charivari, br. m., by St»rling (Laflerty). .4 'i 4 2 3
Clay s, b. s.. by Grover Clay (Gannon) 5 3 2 4 4
Nutwood Wilkes. eh. a-, by Guy Willies
(Oeil) 2 d rawn
Time, 2:lBV*-2:22--.':19V4-2:20-2:22V%.
Paring. 2 :1 5 class, three in five, purse $500.
Al Gregor. eh. g.. by Sleinway (Lafferty'i . . . .4 111;
Prince Nutwood, blk. s.. by Dexier Prince
(Hellman) 16 5 4!
Sam H. b.g.,by Tnckahoe (Whitney) 3233 1
Our Boy, s. g., by Vernon Boy (Sullivan)... s 44 2
Col. Beaton, b. s.. by Brown Jug (Crawford
and McManus) 6 52 5 ]
GOiden »Vest, b. g.. by Roy Judge (Nelson). ' 2 3 dis.
Time, 2:lsVi— 2 :16—Vi :lt>-2:16.
Running, five furionga purse $150— A. G. Bte
phenson'3 b- m. Blue Bell, 107. by Prince of Nor
follc (Spooner) won: W. J. Maben's b. ni. Uladlola,
110, by Gano (Cleveland), second: W. H. Brown's
b. m. Irma, 110. by Ht. Savior (Ames), third.
Time. 1K)134. Ichi Ban. Venus, Red Idle, Zam
och and George Ford also ran.
FASTERN TURF EVE NTS.
The Winning Morten at Brighton Beach
and St. Louit.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. V.. Aug. 12.
One mile, Darien won, Lake Shore second,
Declare third. Time, 1 :41>,.
Five furlongs, Knight of the Garter won, BUI
Ali second, Alterwood third. Time, 1 :03.
Five furlongs, Lodsville won. Glimmering
second, Fair Recluse third. Time, I:o2}^.
One mile, Volley won, Premier second, Chug
nut third. Time, 1:42.
Seven furlones, Cromwell won, Pearl Song
second, Sherlock third. Time, I :27?i^
Six furlongs, Sunny Slope won, Panmure
second. Time, l:ls^j.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 12.— Summaries:
Six furlongs, Gustave Cook won, Henry Hijf
gins second, Sister Myra third. Time, I :l9}£.
Five and a half furlongs, Scorcher won,
Charlie Keiff second, Atoka third. Time,
1:12%.
Six and a half furlongs, Gain won, Pert sec
ond. Ferris Hartman third. Time, 1:25.
Mile and twenty yards, Bridgeton won, Hot
Stuff second, King Elm third. Time, 1:48%.
Six and a half furlongs, Hillsboro won. Rex
Regent second, Hot Spur third. Time, 1:25.
Five and a half furlongs, Don Clarencio won,
Horseshoe Tobacco second, Harry B third.
Time. 1:12^.
BUTTE, Most., Aug. 12.— Summaries: Trot
ting, 2:25 class, three in five, purse $600,
Nettie Nam won, Chris Peterson second, Me
teor third. Best time, 2 :l7^£.
Pacing, 2:21 class, two in three, purse §500,
Irene B won, Bettie Gentry second, Montana
Union third. Best time, 2:l6' J.
, Six furlongs, handicap, purse .S3OO, Encino
won, Jim Bosemtn second, Picnic third. Time.
1:16&
One mile, handicap, purse $350, Gussie won,
Model second. Flashlight third. Time, 1:44.
One mile, selling, purse $250, Allahabad
won, Emma Me second, Democrat third. Time,
lA-314.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clobs. Won. Lost. J£* u
Baltimore 03 . 28 .692
Cincinnati. .-. 65 30 .684
Cleveland 58 34 .330
Chicago 66 40 .683
PittsburB. 52 41 .659
Boston 60 4« .6-13
Brooklyn 42 50 .456
Philadelphia 41 50 450
New York 40 54 .426
Washington. 35 55 . 38?
St. Louis. «... 29 «3 .316
Louisville 03 B7 . 356
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 12.— 1n the last half of
the eighth inning of to-day's game, when the
bases were full of Colts, Anson drove a liner to
Vaughan, who touched first and threw to
third. A triple play was claimed and allowed
but the umpire changed his decision, saying
tbe drive had been trapped. Wrangling en
suea until the game wa« called. It will be
played over to-morrow. Attendance 7000.
Score: Chicagos 3, 5, 3; Cincinnati! 3, 3, \.
Batteries— Griffith and Kitiredge; Foreman
and Peitz. Umpire— McFariand.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 12.-There was a
big improvement in Brooklyn's playing to-day,
thi Orioles failing to score. Score: Brook
;yns 3, 8, 1; Baitimores 0, 2, 1. Batteries-
Payne and Grim ; Hoffer and Clark. Umpire
—Lynch. *
LOUISVILLE, XT., Aug. 12.-Louisvtlle and
Cleveland divided honors this afternoon the
Spiders takiug the first and tbe Colonels' the
second game. Attendance 2500. Score- Cleve
lands 4, 10, O; Louisvilles 3, 9, 3. Butteries—
Cuppy ana Zimmer; Hill and Dexter. Um
pire—Lally. Score second game: t'ievelands
3,8, 1; Lonisvilles 4, 10, 2. Batteries— Wal
lace and Zimmer; Herman and Dexter. Um
pire—Lally.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 12.— The Pnillies
got their hits weil together to-day and easily
defeated Washington. Score: P'hiladelphias
9, 13. 1; Washingtons O, 10, 2. Batteries-
Taylor and Clements; ilercer and McGuire,
Umpire— Hurst.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Aug. 12.-Pittsburg lost to
St. Lou*s to-day because Breken«tein pitched
good enough ball to win from any club in the
league. Attendance 1200. Score: Pittsburgs
1,6,1; St. Louis 3, 11, 1. Batteries— Killen
and Sugden; Breltensteln aud McFarland.
Umpire— Etnslie.
BOSTON, Mass , Aug. 12.— The Bostons and
New Yorks spr.t even to-day in two exciting
games. Attendance 3291. Score: Bostons
6,13.3; New Yorks 8, 12, 3. Batteries—Sul
livan and Bergen; Clark and Wilson. Um
pire— Shcridac. Score second game: Bos
tons 6,7,1; New Yorks 4. 8,2. Batteries—
Stivetts and Ganzel; Sullivan and Wilgon.
Umpire — Sheridan.
SAN JOSE TOURNAMENT.
MarkMtnen of the State to Compete in the
Garden City.
BA.N JOSE, Cal., Aug. 12.— The Garden
City Cyclers' Gun Club has appointed
committees and is making preparations
for the holding of the State tournament of
California Inanimate Target Association
in this city on Sunday and Monday, Octo
ber 4 and 5. It is proposed to make the
shoot the greatest ever held on the coast,
and over $1000 will be given in prizes.
Two or three hundred marksmen will be
in attendance, ard it is expected 40,000
bluerocks will be broken duriug the tour
nament.
At last night's meeting of the Cyclers'
Gun Club W. X Hobson, G. Anderson, H.
M. N. Spring and J. A. Delmas were ap
pointed a committee on grounds, and W.
G. Flint, A. H. Holmes, Ray Schilling, W.
B. Hobson, Gus Lion and J. H. Faull were
named as a committee on prizes. The
committees will begin work at once.
A team of ten men from the Cyclers'
Gun Club will participate in a shoot at
Monterey Sunday, with teams from Sali
nas, Watsonville and Monterey. A chal
lenge has also been accepted from the
Empire Gun Club of Oakland for a shoot
Little Mabel "Woolsey of San Jose in One of Her Brilliant Specialties.
on September 20. The match will be held
in this city, each club to enter twelve men.
«
E NTRI ES AT WOODLAND.
Horse* That Will Face the Flag at the
Coming Race Slretinp.
WOODLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— The en
tries for the trotting and pacing events for
tbe coining fair to be held in this city
from August 24 to 29 inclusive closed last
night. The list embraces some of the
best stock to be found on the California
circuit this season. The entries are:
2:20 class, trotting, pane i?SO0 — Clay P. b. «.,
Dennis Gannon; Millie L, br. ni., J. G. Cuicles;
Neernut, b. s., George W. Forii ; Stella, blk. m.,
Thomas Smith; Mamie Griffin, blk. m., Park
Henshaw; Charivari, br. in., Charles A. Hug; j
Anita, b. m., E. T. Breen.
2:15 class, pacin?, pur«>e ?.>oo— Our Boy,
eh. g., A. Hables; Prince Nutwood, blk. s., H. ■
H. Hellman; Algregor, eh. g., T. J. Crowley; j
Colonel Benton, b. s., P. L. Nash; Delphic, j
blk. s., Winshtp & Keatinge.
2:24 class, trotting, purse $500— Alias, br.m., I
John MclntOßh; Letter B, b. m.. Withers &
Lowrv; Lena Hawley, blk. m.. M. Reams; Twi
light." b. m., Tennis Gannon; Niece, b. m., S. C.
Hollbrook; Hunvadi, b. s., Palo Alto stock
farm; H. Winchester, b. s., P. W. Hodsres; Guy
Vernon, gr. s., A. W. Fink; Auditor, br. g., E.
W. Smith; Harvey Me, blk. g., C. A. Dnrfee; ]
Goldy, eh. g., Martin Hausen; Leander, blk. g., j
W. a Lierly; Laurel, b. m., Winship <t Keat- ;
inge; Claudius, b. g., Vendome stock farm.
2:25 class, pacing, purse foUO— Crescent, b I
8., C. Haskell; Nellie B, b. m., John!
Baker; Lindo, blk. m., G. F. Heilman;
Blue Bell?, blk. m., Buckman & Carragher;
Cinnabar, br. s., 11. Olser. ; Merle M, blk. m.. G.
K. Hostetter& Co.; Lizzie E, eh. m. , L. B. Spur
eeon; Lindwood, bk. s., P. W. Hodges; Ed !
Lafferty, b s.,T. J. Crowley: Estelln Wilkes, b. i
m., Dr. 8. P. Tate; Alto Genoa, eh. s., George
Peirano; Nick o' Time, b. g., R. R. Bierd;
Mollie Nurse — , William Clark; Solano, blk. g.,
Charles H. Ball; Bonnie Belle, b. m. t N. S. '
Biddle: Billy G, eh. g., Winship & Keatinge.
2 :15 class, trotting, purse $500— Joseph Ayers, !
b. g., J. A. Perkins; Chico, b. g., Park Henshaw ;
Helena, b. m., Palo Alto stock farm; Gazella,
blk. m., Winship & Keatinge; Challenger Chief,
b. s., M. D. Wisdom.
2:12 class, pacing, purse $500— Ruby M, b.
m., T. P. Mau Jr.; Hanford Medium, b. s.. S. ;
H. Hoy; Lcupe, blk. g., Agnew stock farm;
Javeline, b. m., Oakwood stock farm; Plun
kctt, b. g., D. R. Misner; Agitato, b. g.. Win- |
ship it Keatinge; Ronn Wilkes, r. s., A. C.
Jones; Hazel H, b. m., B. C. yon Rokeen.
2:11 class, trotting, purse $600— Visalia, br. i
m, J. A. Perkins; Boodle, br. s., G. K. Hos
tetierACo.: Ethel Downs, G. K. Hostetter & I
Co.; Toggles, br. g., Cb,arles E. Clark; Stam
B, b. s.. Tuttle Bros.; Ottinger, br. g., Winship
& Keatinge.
2:20 class, pacing, purse |500— Frank L, b.
g., Mrs. L. Lieginger; Dictatus, eh. s., Belmont j
stock farm; Paiatin.-, eh. m., Buckman &
Carragher; Gladys W, eh. m., H. Wright;
Beachwood, br. m., P. W. Hodges; San Luisito,
br. s., Elmer Trainer; Adele, b. m., D. E. \
Fortln; Jennie Me. b. m., U A. Durfee; Prince
Bismarck, b. g.. Henry Oisen.
2:17 class, trotting; purse $500— Margaret
Worth, br. m., Rudolph Gorday ; Lady Thorn
hill, b. m., Henry O!sen; George Washington,
b. s.. Thomas Smitn ; Homeward, b. 3., Charles
C. Clark; Atheena. b. m.. Palo Aito stock ia-m;
Galetta, blk. m., P. W. Hodges; Humboldt
Maid, br. m., H. S. Hogeboom; Gezeile, blk. m.,
Winship & Keatinge.
League Whrelmen I'arndf.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., Aug. 12.— The bi
cycle races here to-day were postponed be
cause of a muddy track. In point of
numbers the league parade was one of the
largest that has ever occurred in the his
tory of the league. Fully 3000 wheelmen
were in line. The parade was through the
principal streets, and ended in a grove out
on Jacob Park Boulevard, where a water
melon : feast had been prepared. Two
bandsaws, operated by steam, were used
to slice the melons to supply the 5000 peo
ple who were waiting for them.
•:-; ' — •- ■;■-.•
■ The Chess Winner
NUREMBURG, Bavabia, Aug.l2.— After
the conclusion of the Tarrasch-Albin
game, left unfinished yesterday and won
by Tarrasch this morning, the prizes in !
the cness- masters' tournament, which has j
been in progress in ihis city since June 20, '
were awarded as follows:
First prize, Lasker; second prize, Maroc
zsy; third and fourth prizes divided by
Pillsbury and Tarrasch; fifth prize,
Janowsky; sixth prize, Steinitz; seventh
prize divided by Schlechterand Walbrodt.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
YOUNG LADIES ENTERTAIN
Branch No. 7 of the Y. L. I.
Receives Its Friends
Socially.
Litt'e Mabel Woolsey of San Jose
Captures the Audience With
Her Specialties.
A very pleasant time was spent last
evening by Young Ladies' Institute No. 7,
and its guests in Native Sons' Hail, on
Mason street. There was an entertain
ment and hop as well as a delightful
social gathering of the young ladies and
their friends. The attendance was not of
the large and promiscuous sort, but had
rather the character of a private gather
ing, which made it possible to enjoy the
dance with pleasure and comfort.
This reunion was made to serve a double
purpose. The main object was to bring
the members of No. 7 and their friends
together in a social way and to enjoy a
realiy good literary and musical pro
gramme, followed by a dance. However,
the event was taken as an opportunity to
promote the interests of No. 7.
Quite a select party was present when
the programme opened with an overture
by D' Arcy's orchestra. Harry Dinan
gave a vocal solo and^warmly applauded,
and then Mis? Eva Ronaick entertained
the spectators with a picturesque fancy
dance. Wiiliam Ogilvie and Miss Kath
arine Biack sang soios accompanied by
Miss H. Stein. They had to respond to
call? for an encore. A mandolin trio by
E. Gastaldi and his pupils proved to be a
number that was hishly appreciated.
Miss M. Kode, Miss Lillian Monterey and
J. H. Widman won cordial applause by
their singing, and Wiiliam Cleary varied
the programme by giving a recitation that
charmed the audience.
The most novel and no doubt attractive
number of the programme was little
Mable Woolsey in her specialties. This
tiny tot appeared to be quite as much at
home on the stage as when playing round
her home in San Jose. Her clear little
musical voice tilled the large hall, and the
acting captivated everybody present. She
sang several ?ongs whicn she colored with
character touches, but when- the little one
sang like a pouting child, "I Don't Want
to Play in Your Yard," the audience was
fairly "carried away by her cleverness.
Immediately after the entertainment
dancing to the music of D' Arcy's orchestra
was enjoyed and kept up until midnight.
The officers of No. 7 ol the Young La
dies' Institute are as follows: Mrs. Hoff
man, past president; Mrs. J. E. Kentzell,
president; Sarah Dorty, first vice-presi
dent; Celia Young, second vice-president;
Mrs. George Richardson, recording secre
tary; Mary Mogan, financial secretary;
Mrs. Lewis, treasurer; Mary Daly, Mar
shal; Josie Peters, inside sentinel; Han
nab FitzpatricK, outside sentinel; Mamie
Stein, organist.
THAT COCKING MAIN.
The Trial of John Manor Put Over Till
N«-xt Tuesday.
An attempt was made in Judge Low's
court yesterday to get a jury to try the
case of John Maher, one of the men ar
rested on the barge Yolo while making
preparations for a cockine main.
Thirty jurors had been summoned, but
only four were acceptable to tbe prosecu
tion and defense. It was then agreed that
an entirely new venire of forty should be
summoned for next Tuesday afternoon.
Attorney Sweeney, for the defendants,
who were "ail in court, again asked the
Judge to accept bonds for them, as they
were urgently in need of the cash bail de
posited. He agreed to furnish satisfactory
bondsmen. The Judee consented.
SOLD A HORSE AND BUGGY.
Sidney Bernstein Arrested on a Charge
of Grand Larceny.
Sidney Bernstein, 17 years of age, a drug
clerk by occupation, was arrested Jast
evening by Officers T. L. Rvan and G. W.
Meyers on a warrant issued ut the instance
of "O'Connor & Tobin. proprietors ol a
livery-staoie at 225 Fifth street, and de
tained at the Southern police station on a
charge of grand larceny. O'Connor &
Tobin aliege that the youthful prisoner
rented a horse and buggy from them on
the 6th inst., and failed to return it. On
investigation they found that he had dis
posed of the rig to some unknown party
for the small sum 6J $15. They immedi
ately issued a warrant for Bernstein's ar
res.l and he was taken into custody.
PEDDLERS ASSISTANTS.
Judge Conlau I>«cides That They Do
Not Require a License.
A test case affecting peddiers was tried
before Judge Conlan yesterday. P. Morris
and Isadore Smith were charged witn ped
dling without a license and attorneys Mc-
Gregor and Kenny, who defended- them,
raised the question mat as they were
merely laborers employed by a peddler
wbo held a licence it was uot necessary
for them to have a license also. •
The Judge, after ibtening to the argu-
merits, decided that the point was well
taken. He held that the license ordinance
never contemplated* that assistants em
ployed by a licensed peddler should be
compelled to take out a license. He there
fore dismissed the cases.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
I Reorganization I
I Sale! I
X The low prices during this sale have X
X drawn big crowds of buyers to the ever X
€> popular Department Store. Do you <>
§ wonder that any store is busy these A
$ times? It'll be a WONDER if any of the 6
0 goods advertised to-day are left in the s>
0 Maze until to-morrow. 9
9 Space MUST be made for Fall 9
2 Goods, which begin to arrive. 2
Q Embroideries— Worth More Than Double. 0
0 Short ends of Embroidery — manufacturers' remnants — too short to be >p
A rolled on pieces. All new and elegant designs in Guipure and Irish Point, r\
Vr edgings and insertions, good firm cambric Sold only by the piece of five jT
Q yards. J : O
jT Lot 1 ...25cpiece I Lot 4 45c piece | Lot 7 75c piece X
Q L0t2..... 35c piece I Lot 5 50c piece j Lot 8 85c piece O
1 Lot 3 40c piece j Lot 6 GOc piece j Lot 9 9oc piece A
V Lot 10 in 4J^-yard lengths, %l a piece. V
1 Trimmed Autumn Hats — $2.50. I
V We've taken advantage of the "off season" to produce (from odds and jT
Q ends of handsome materials left over) the most stylish and artistic Hats for Q
JL street wear you could wish. You certainly never saw tne liKe before for I
O $2 50. Later we'll have to charge you $6 or $7. You can see a few speci- V
A mens in one of our windows. O
v Bargains for Your Toilet Table. 9
i O Imagine Loonen's Genuine French Hairbrushes for 50c each. If you Vr
q know this celebrated make you'll certainly want to have one or a pair. (*)
jT Solid backs and real bristles, bought at the salvage sale after the loss by tire jT
Q of their New York agency. Always sola lor $1 and $1 50 ; we'll sell 'em for ; O
X 50c and 6~>c. _i'l f sisv A
jl FLORIDA WATER, 25c a bottle, and large bottles at that— the most >v
v/ fragrant and delightful of toilet requisites, and branded with the name of Vr
A the famous Leon Orleans. Q
<> Organdie Sic, Dimity 8 3 c, Lawn &c. 9
Cp New, fresh and charming in lovely designs such as Dresden, Watteau Vr
A and Persian, many of them tinted with the new delicate mignonette green Q
jT shade, all at SJ^c, and any one of 'em worth from ]2V»c to 20c. jT
I A Waist and Apron Special. V
Ladies' Laundered Percale Shirt Waists, yoke back, new style collar \
and cuffs, all sizes, for 29c each. C
LADIES' FAXCY APRONS, made of sheer white lawn, corded edge, %#
scallop work and fancy embroidery in white and colors all round. Special £ i
at 19c each. j r
Gloves and Ribbons. a
100 dozen extra quality Glace Kid Gloves, in tan, brown or black, four jf< >
large pearl buttons to match and heavy siik embroidered backs, any size, \
and only 75c a pair. • a»
ALL SILK, SATIN OR GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS. No. 3, in new €>
shades of pink, light blue, rose, nile, primrose, cerise, mignonette, lilac, ]L
etc., 10 yards in a piece and sold by tne piece only for 35c. %M
* * Props* $$hz Kojxe<r^
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
■■» "Big as a Barn Door.'' J
I PLUG " 2
I For 10 cents you get almost twice]
1 as much "Battle Ax" as you do off
Pother high grade goods* Before the
J days of "Battle Ax" consumers paid J
110 cents for a small plug of the same I
quality. Now, "Battle Ax — High-
est Grade, twice the quantity* That's I
true economy*
*_■ "' ■ . : •
"ONE YEAR BORROWS ANOTHER YEAR'S FOOL."
YOU DIDN'T USE
SAPOLIO
LAST YEAR. PERHAPS YOU WILL NOT THIS YEAR.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHABLES H. PHILLIPS,- ATTORNEY- AT
\J law and Notary Public 633 Market az, opp>
ane Palace Hot«t. Telephone 670. K««cl«a<J« ldiJ
itiitu ieieiiaona. "its*" sJvU
t "patents! f)
MARKET ST.S.F^^
56
*** ag^
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail .... 6.00 ;
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-60 i
WtUUT Call, one year, by mall i-W)
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
«•, It Is bo trouble for os to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you wiU
mis* it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE. ,
BUSINESS OFFICE J
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telfpbone Mala-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
6SO Montgomery street, corner Clay; open aattl
9:80 o'clock.
389 Hayes street; open until »:S0 o'clock.
713 Larkla street; open until 9:30 o'oloclc
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mlssloa streets; open
ob til 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock,
118 I> lath street; open until 8 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICBi
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
|Mtia Si and 83, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY AUGUST 13, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PBKSIDKNT-
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, or Ohio
rOB TICF-PRBBIDEXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
Rt-KCTION XOVKMBKR 3. 1898.
For gold and silver, law and prosperity
is the battle-cry of the Republican party.
It is better to have both silver and gold
than to have silver only, and the people
know it.
On his trip to New York Bryan's hands
were swollen badly, but not so much as
his head.
McKinley and the masses and Bryan and
theru asses is the way the people pro
nounce it.
The Populists will take notice that
Sewall was given a front seat and Watson
left out in the cold.
Bryan's oratory sows the wind and
should he be elected we would all have to
reap the whirlwind.
McKinley has not talked as much as
Bryan, but he has said a great deal more
that the people remember.
If the Democratic party should attempt
to live up to the Chicago platform as a
whole it would die in doing it.
The more intelligent men consider the
way Bryan desires to lead them the more
resolute they are to go the other way.
Some people call it "New Democracy,"
but Gorman handles it as easily as if it
were the same old chatter-box machine.
When Bryan gets through making a free
show of himself the people will have had
all they want of him and turn to the other
man.
Even the silver mining States are no
longer counted solid for Bryan, as all of
them have industries that need protec
tion.
Whenever a Democrat gets into a pro
gressive community he begins to make
progress toward protection and Republi
canism.
«
Silver Republicans who thought of bolt
ing have taken a second thought and will
stay with the party of protection and bi
metallism.
Cleveland's letter on Venezuelan bonn
dary was good, but why has he not been
as vigorous in dealing with the Alaskan
boundary ?
There is no possibility of the people for
getting the experience of the last three
years nor any probability that they will
overlook the lesson it has taught.
McKinley, the bimetalHst, is a truer
friend of the remonetization of silver than
Bryan, the silver monometallist, although
he was never hired to lecture for it.
There is as much danger in adulterated
food as in bad milk, and while wa are
guarding against the one we should cer
tainly prevent the sale of the other.
A large number of those who are shout
ing loudest for free silver think that with
Bryan at the head of tbe Government they
would get silver free without working for it.
The people will take notice that McKin
ley did not have to get up a New York
hippodrome performance to advertise the
fact that he had been nominated for Presi
dent.
While Cleveland is drawing a fishing
line for his own amusement the Canadian
Government is drawing a line along the
Alaskan Boundary that robs this country
of rich gold regions and forces American
miners to pay tribute to Canada.
Whether this country is big enough or
not to establish bimetallism without the
aid of other nations it is certainly big
enough to pay all its obligations in as
good money as any in the world, and the
would-be repudiators will be made to take
a back seat.
The history of the United States shows
that when we have had protection we have
had prosperity, and that when we have
broken down our protective system we
have broken down our industry, and it is
ia the full knowledge of that fact the peo
ple will vote in November.
As the Chicago platform declares for
free trade as well as for free silver, the
election of Bryan would mean the contin
uance of the present industrial paralysis,
and the American workingman would
bave no chance to get even silver wages
during the four years more of Democratic
clover.
The earnestness with which the business
men and the producers of the country are
supporting McKinley is an evidence of the
mental soundness and genuine patriotism
of the American people. Demagogues and
agitators may disturb this country a little
by their noise, but they cannot revolu
tioni»« it nor even shake it.
HARMONIZE AND ORGANIZE.
Harmonize and organize. These words
express the duty of all Republicans. It is
the duty of all to rise superior to any
petty differences on minor questions and
come together in a perfect union for the
upholding of great principles. It is the
duty of all to organize and band together
that tbe party may be able to use its full
strength and go iorth to the contest of the
year invincible by any combination, coali
tion or fusion that may rise apainst it.
In the conduct of the affairs of a great
political party there is necessarily more
or less conflict of opinion even among
loyal members in regard to means, meas
ures and men. These differences, how
ever, all who are truly loyal to the party
and its principles will lay aside as soon as
the majority of the party or its consti
tuted authorities have spoken. It is only
the disloyal who will seek to create dis
sensions in the ranks, for such dissensions
forbode disaster to the party. Harmony
therefore is loyalty. Without it there
can be no ardor, no unity of effort, no
genuine helpfulness to the cause, no dis
cipline and no victory. No party can tol
erate those who seek to mar the harmony
of its ranks. Such men are more danger
ous than an open foe. They are against
every one who is loyal to the party and all
who are loyal should be against them. If
these men should gain any prestige in the
ranks the condition of their party would
soon be that of a mob made up of wrang
ling factions. We see what dissensions
have done for the Democracy. Republi
cans must harmonize.
After harmony comes organization. It
is only through a well-knit organization
that a true discipline can bo effected and
the full strength of the party be exerted
in every contest. Against the combina
tion of Democrats, Populists and discon
tented men of all classes whose passions
or prejudices can be excited by agitators
the Republican party can win only by
thorough organization, but with that it
will win beyond a doubt. The work of
organizing has been well begun, but much
remains to be accomplished. Here and
everywhere through the State it should be
carried forward with the utmost vigor and
be established with the mosi thorough
going completeness.
Let us have clubs in every city, town
and village from tbe seashore to the
mountains. Let the call to arms be re
sponded to by minutemen everywhere.
Republicans should regard themselves
as comrades in a mighty array whose mis
sion it is to establish the prosperity of the
people and maintain the welfare and the
honor of the Nation. In genuine com
radeship they should feel the fullest har
mony of sentiment and seek to attain the
organization that will make them as a
body most powerful to uphold the great
cause to which they are devoted. Har
monize! Organize! These are the watch
words of the loyal on the eve of battle.
Neglect them and there will be disaster.
Act on them and there will be victory.
THE PEOPLE, M'KINLEY, BRYAN.
Thirty thousand stalwart supporters of
Major McKin ley attended the Republican
State Convention at Topeka, Kans., last
Thursday, and there was enthusiasm
enougii to make the Bryanites wonder
what they are on earth for. After the
convention got down to work it was quick
to declare ythat Bryan's kind of bimetal
lism means silver monometallism, debased
currency and the destruction of the Na
tional credit, and that the kind promised
by Major McKinley is the only kind that
would give the country a circulating
money medium of equal debt - paying
and purchasing power.
The Popocrats have been boasting that
the Republican party in Kansas was com
pletely demoralized and that Bryan would
have an easy walK-over, but it would seem
that there are a fe w Republicans left in
that State. Instead of being demoralized
or lukewarm, there never was as large an
attendance of partisans upon a State Con
vention in the history of any political
party as gathered at Topeka to open the
Republican campaign in Kansas for pro
tection and prosperity. But what is even
more significant is the perfect harmony
that prevails throughout the rank and file
of the Republican party In Peffer's State.
No doubt it is all very annoying to Mrs.
Lease and company, but she should know
Kansans well enough to know that when
it comes to degrading or elevating the
country's standard of honesty, they would
be found on the side of right and justice.
In this connection it is well to call at
tention to the marked difference between
the kind of enthusiasm exhibited by
crowds that call upon Mr. McKinley and
crowds that turn out to see Bryan and his
traveling show. Those who call upon Mr.
McKinley are thoughtful workingmen
and managers of great and small business
enterprises. They address Mr. McKiniey
as they would one to whom they looked
to guide them away from threatening
danger, and Mr. McKinley replies in
words of wisdom. There is enthusiasm in
plenty, but of the deep, earnest and sin
cere kind.
The crowds rush to Bryan, too, but it is
to satisfy curiosity and to be amused, and
they go away satisfied with one demon
stration. They hear Mr. Bryan talk flip
pantly about grave questions, and they
see him parade himself as a boy with his
first pair of red-top boots would. Bryan
pleases the people for the moment, but
when the show is over there i 3 an end of
enthusiasm. When Mr. McKinley talks
the people go to their homes to think.
The one fills the people with rhetorical
rubbish and the other stirs thsir patriotism
and impresses them with their responsi
bility as sovereigns of the greatest nation
in the world. When they leave Mr. Mc-
Kinley they think of patriotism and pros
perity, and when they leave Mr. Bryai^
tbey wonder what he is trying to do with
the country. Thirty thousand true-blue
Republicans in State convention in Kan
sas tells the story of the whole country.
PROTECT THEM.
Undoubtedly action of a very decided
character should be taken to put a stop to
tbe introduction of impure and adulterated
fruit products in the San Francisco mar
kets. There should be customs duties
hUh enoueh to protect our fruit-growers
from hurtful foreign competition, to be
sure, but in addition to that there should
be a system of inspection that would make
the marketing of impure eoods impossible.
It would not matter how high a tariff we
might have, outside goods that are coun
terfeit could afford to pay the duty, for
their production involves very little cost.
The future of California as a producer
of fruit is so full of promise that it would
be almost criminal to fail to guard it at
every point. Under proper protection
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, ATTGCST 13, io»«.
this State should be the leading fruit
growing section of the world, and our
fruit products should be found in every
market of every country, but to do that
there needs to be ample protection and
encouragement. There is no doubt at all
that the fruit industry of California is
destined to be of mammoth proportions,
but it must be treated as a home business
proposition with all the rights accorded to
it that it is legitimately entitled to, and
one of those rights is protection from im
portations of imitation and adulterated
fruit products.
OF INTEREST TO WAGE-EARNEES.
The Eastern States may feel that the
money question towers above all others in
this campaign, but in the West — in Cali
fornia—certainly the belief prevails that
the question of continuous employment
for labor at remunerative wages transcends
every other question of public policy. The
wage-earners constitute a large majority
of the population, and whatever is calcu
lated to better their condition should be
the objective point of the purpose of
political parties, and it is conspicuously
so with tbe Republican party, for at the
last analysis of its declaration of princi
ples it is found that work, not idleness,
for labor is the ultimate of what it aims to
secure.
The difference between the Republican
and Democratic parties in this campaign
is this: The Republican platform and
candidates are the representatives of a
public policy which encourages industrial
and commercial expansion until every
wage-earner in all this broad land has
ample opportunity to secure employment
every working day in the year. When
that shall have been secured it will be
found that there is a National financial
system in operation which makes one
kind of a dollar as good as another, and
all dollars possessing the full value of 100'
cents. The Democratic platform and can
didates are the representatives of a public
policy which provides idleness for labor,
silence for the machinery of industry and
an indiarubber-like monetary system that
will provide dollars of fluctuating and un
equal value.
It is of little consequence to the man in
enforced idleness what the volume or
what tbe standard of money Is. He gets
none of it because he has no opportunity
*to earn any of it, and it may be said that
wage-earners everywhere are beginning to
reason along that line. Nothing could be
more apparent than that the cause of the
distress which is and has been overwhelm
ing labor is traceable directly to foreign
pauper labor competition. Imports of for
eign-made goods and wares are large, but it
is foreign not our own labor that gets the
pay for converting the raw material into
these goods and wares. The mills and
factories in which our wage-arners used
to find plenty of employment at good
wages are now idle because protection
against foreign competition has been with
drawn by the Democratic party, and they
will remain idle, as will their operatives,
until the protection policy of the Repub
lican party is again adopted by the Gov
ernment.
We have said that the wage-eurners con
stitute a large majority of the population.
It certainly follows, then, that they have
it in their power to reinstate the protec
tion policy which secured to them steady
employment at satisfying wages. Tbe
trouble with very many of our waee-earn
ers is, they make t.e mistake of supposing
that it is our monetary system and not
ruinous foreign competition that is hurt
ing them, but if ti.ey would stop and con
sider that the industrial enterprises which
used to give them continuous employment
insist that it is not the money question at
all but importations of ] aut>er labor
made articles of commerce that keeps
them closed, they would see that a pro
tective tariff is what they want above all
things. And it is no doubt true that if
the wage-earners of this country would
come out and publicly declare for McKin
ley the industries would accent that as a
sufficient guarantee of a reinstatement of
a protective tariff to warrant them in com
mencing preparations at once for resum
ing the old-time activity. Opportunity to
earn wages should be the uppermost de
sire of labor, meanwhile there need be no
fear of an insufficiency of good money to
meet payrolls.
CALLING ON GORMAN.
Divided, demoralized and disgusted, the
members of the Democratic National
Committee would be glad to turn the
whole business of their party over to any
body who could be induced to accept it
and the responsibility that goes with it.
Chairman Jones has muddled the business
until he has ruddled the committee. They
are more than willing to quit, and Gor
man, who but a short time ago was de
nounced as a traitor to the party, can now
have the whole outfit if he wishes it.
Was ever any political deal more stu
pidly bungled than the attempted co
alition of Democrats and Populists?
Going to St. Louis as chairman of the
Democratic National Committee to ar
range by a bargain with Bryanized Popu
lists for an indorsement of the Chicago
ticket by the Populist convention, the
whole thing was fumbled into a snarl that
nobody understands and no one seems
able to untangle. Whatof Sewall? What
of Watson? What of straight Demo
crats? What of middle-of-the-road Popu
lists? Here is a four-horse team, one
down on his knees, one witb two legs over
the traces, one rearing up in front and the
other kicking up behind.
It is not strange there is a call for Gor
man. There will be even a call for Cleve
land before long. Sewall comes up claim
ing his honors, and behind him is Tom
vVatson shaking an angry fist. Populists
from all parts of the country are demand
ing of the bewildered committee "What
are you going to do about it?" Jones
cannot answer. Can Gorman? That
astute machine politician, the boss of
Maryland, the Buckley of the East, has
wiegled a slimy way out of many an
awkward place before this and may prob
ably find some hole through which he can
crawl now. But can be get the National
Committee through? Can he get Sewall
and Watson through or will he be forced
to sacrifice one of them as a scapegoat for
the other?
STUDY BRYAN'S PLATFORM.
The Chicago platform puts the com
merce and industries of California on the
defensive. It provides for certain public
improvements in the States tributary to
tbe Mississippi River and denies the
same governmental attention to the busi
ness-interests of this State. It is gross
and narrow sectionalism as every one will
admit, but it is a fact nil the same with
which" the people of this State have to
deal. If Altgeld's scheme works tbe Gov
ernment will be called upon to expend
hundreds of millions of do'.lars in con
verting the Mississippi River into- a great
canal so that the adjacent region may be
entirely independent of all other sections
of the country.
The idea of Altgeld and Bryan appears
to be to build up a great agricultural
country in the central States and then
upon a free-trade basis deal directly with
the food supply centers of Europe. In
crder to establish such trade relations, the
Mississippi Valley country would make it
impossible lor industrial plants of any
kind to exist so that its European cus
tomers for its breadstuffs and provisions
would find no competition for the product
of their industries. That is to say, the
purpose of the Chicago platform is to es
tablish reciprocal trade relations between
the Mississippi Valley and tbe industrial
centers of Europe on the basis of free im
ports of foreign goods and wares in
America and free imports of grain and
provisions in foreign countries.
While there is no likelil.ood of the con
summation of such a sectional scheme the
fact that a great political party would ad
vocate such a proposition shouid be alarm
ing enough to awaken the people of Cali
fornia to an appreciation of the selfish
purposes of the Bryans and the Altgelds
of the country. The interests of Califor
nia are as diametrically opposed to free
tree as are the interests of Pennsylvania
or New England. True, the agricultural
possibilities of California are very great,
but the fact remains that the growth of the
State must necessarily be on manufactur
ing lines. Scarcely an industry could be
mentioned that would not flourish here
und%r reasonable protection, and were
miils and factories to be established wher
ever the raw material was easily obtained
the population of the State would so in
crease that the agricultural districts would
find plenty of buyers for their produce
right at home. It would be well for Cali
fornia to make a careful study of the Chi
cago platform. There is much indicated
between the lines that does not appear at
the first glance.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
"The finest crop of tobacco I ever raised is
now growing on my plantation at Sun Felipe,"
said J. D. Culp, the veteran California tobacco
grower, at the Lick yesterday. "I nm just up
here on some business in n-ference to the pres
ent crop. I have aDoat fifty acres of tobacco,
and am now cutting it. No such crop has ever
been seen.
• "It is now thirty-seven years since I com
menced to raise tobacco in California. My
tobacco came from Havana originally, but 1
J. D. Culp. the Tobacco-Grower, of San Felipe, Now Raising Turkish Tobacco.
have improved the plants. I have been grow
inc them from the seed for yei:rs.
"Do you know, though it is not generally
supposed, the best cigar tobacco outside oi
California, in the United States, comes from
such Northern States as Connecticut and Dela
ware, and not from the Southern States. This
will be a curious revelation to most people,
but it is true. There is something in the
Northern atmosphere that help mature good
cigar leaves.
"But outside of Cuba there is no country that
produces such magnificent tobacco lor cigars
as California. I wonder more men do not go
into the business. It has a bright future. I
consider the tobacco grown herein all respects
equal to that of Cuba.
"It secures the largest prices of any tobacco
in this country. Why, for several years I had
my crop forwarded to New York and turned it
in to a big manufacturing fi«m of Havana
cigars. This firm advertised their brands as
you see leading Eastern brands advertised
here.
"Well, they took my Snn Felipe crop of to
bacco and mnde it into cigars and put their
brand on them. Well, these cigars went like
hot cakes. They were so^d at a high price and
gave satisfaction everywhere.
"But I wasn't getting enough out of the pro
ject. I wasn't getting any credit for what I
was doing. I've got some boys, ana I wanted
to get them to handle the business eventually,
so 1 quit sending ray tobacco to New York and
started to get the cigars made here. The new
departure works well. I get my name on every
box, and it docs me a lot of good.
"California ought to be by rights the largest
grower of tobacco on this continent, and that
is putting it mild. She ought to produce and
manufacture four-fifths of the cigars of the
United States. The climate, soil and freedom
from disease by the plants are all advantages
enjoyed by no other State.
"Not long since I tried growing Turkish to
bacco at San Felipe. Turkish tobacco is very
nice, but the trouble with it is that it is very
strong— too strong for our people to use. How
ever, I sent over and got some and I began ex
perimenting with the Turkish tobacco. lam
glad to state that I have got it down to so mild
a constituency that it is a pleasure to smoke
it. The tobacco is as yellow as gold, very deli
cate and cheering in its mild seductiveness.
Yes, tobacco-growing ought to be one of the
greatest of industries in California."
"There are 4000 mechanics in Moline, 111.,
and the whole population of the town is
only 14,000," remarked C. C. Webber, a
stockholder in the great John Deere
Plow and Implement Company of that piace,
who is at the Palace on his annual visit to the
company's agencies on this coast. "It is strictly
a manufacturing town. Practically no other
business is done. Agricultural implements of
all kinds and wagons comprise almost the
whole output of the factories. Of course we
are all for McKinley. If Bryan should be
elected— but we will not even grant the proba
bility of Bryan's election— we can see
ahead nothing but unsettled confidence
and disaster for a number of years.
There are among the mechanics a good
many silver men, but their number
is steadily decreasing. By election day there
will not be more than a third as many favor
ing silver there as there are to-day. The most
active silver leaders in that town are
three disgruntled Republicans. One was
an applicant for the postmastership and
was turned down by Harrison. Another
was a candidate lor Congress, and was turned
down by the people. The third is himself
largely interested iv silver mines, Recently
some of the strongest silver men in the shops
have joined the McKinley Club. Tnere's a
barber in town who has been one of the
leading spirits of the silver faction. I asked
him the other day what he was making sach
a fool of himself about, and how free silver
would benefit him, and he said, 'Why, with
free silver, instead of getting 15 cents for a
shave I'll get 25 cents.' 'But,' I said, 'ac
cording to your theory of more money do you
believe that you will actually make more ? that
your shop rent will remain at its present
figure, that your living and home expenses
will not advance proportionately, and are you
sure that your increased income will
even keep pace with the advanced
prices you will have to pay?' 'Well,'
he replied, 'I never thought of that. You see,
1 am new at this silver question, but I'm glad
you brought up that point.' Why, when
Bryan was in Moline the other day," con
tinued Mr. Webber, "the telegraphic dispatch
said there was a great crowd present to hear
him speak at the station. I was there. Perhaps
there were 400 persons gathered about the end
of the car. How big a crowd do you suppose
would turn out to welcome McKinley? Why
that whole town would get there if it could."
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. E. Frazier of Elmira is on a visit here.
Professor H. Thurtell and wife of Reno.Nev.,
are in the City.
W. V. Small, a business man of El Paso, Tex.,
is at the Occidental.
Herman Gosner, a businessman of Merced,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
John McMullin, tbe banker of Fresno, is a
recent arrival at she Lick.
Supervisor C. VY. Garrett of Fresno is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel with his wife.
G. C. Hyatt, owner of a large foundry and
machine-shop at Stockton, is in the City.
Launcelot Gilroy has returned irom the
springs and is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Walter Fieldhouße of Jacksonville, 111., is at
the Grand, accompanied by Mrs. Fieldhouse.
A. L. Begble, a mining engineer of Grass
Valley, was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
Jauius Green, a leading fire insurance man
of St. Louis, is at the Grand, accompanied by
his family.
I. C. Steele, the wealthy pioneer dairyman
of Fescadero, is here on a business trip and is
at the Russ.
V. R. Clark, ex-Mayor of Stoekton, and now
a member of the State Railway Commission, 1b
at the Baldwin.
David Evans, tbe millionaire lumber manu-
tacturer of Humboldt County, whose residence
is at Eureka, is here for a few days' stay. He is
at the Lick.
F. P. O'Brien of Poriland, one of the officials
of the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, is in the City.
J. S. Hill, a leading cattle-raiser of Nevada,
who is aIBO interested in silver mining in that
State, is at the Russ.
N..H. Falk, owner of a large lumber mill at
Arcata and of stores in different parts of Hum
boldt County, is at the Grand.
James F. Wardner, for whom Wardner,
Idaho, was named, and who has been engaged
in handling the tailings of mines in Mariposa
County and elsewhere, has gone to Bosslyn,
8.C., on matters pertaining to the mines
there. It is uncertain when he will return.
Mr. Wardner has been operating in California
and JNerada for over a year past.
STYLISH MISSES' SKIRT.
Misses' skirts are cut on the same lines as
ladies', to fit over the hips and plain at the
foot. The one shown here has the latest ar
rangement of the back gores, that of two box
pleats formed by two gore s. The fronts and
sides are cut in one, making in all three pieces
in the entire skirt. The front and sides being
well rounded no V's are necessary at the top,
Separate skirts of serge, cheviot and tweed are
made to wear with shirt waists for spring,
while waists of plaid cashmere are worn plain
for school and rough wear. Skirts of mohair,
either in plain or figured, are much liked lor
misses. The new bonde wool canvas is charm
ing also and is quite dressy. No trimming is
used in these skirts; they are generally lined
throughout, and some nave a six-inch band of
hair-cioth at the foot. Binding is a matter of
taste, as there is no wear and tear. A facing
of the goods makes a neat finish.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Mr. Cast is just off to South Africa in order
to study the Uitlander question on the spot,
and when he returns he hopes to re-enter Par
liament.
The death is announced of Dr. Graham Weir,
who took an active share in tbe work o* estab
lishing the Edinburgh Sick Children's Hos
pital in 1859.
The London Gazette contains the official an
nouncement that tbe Queen has conferred the
Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian
Order on Baron Kelvin.
The Queen's favorite walking stick disap
peared the other day, and inquiries ravealcd
the fact that Princess Ena of Battenberg had
abstracted it for the purpose of "playing at
grandmamma."
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
The programme of the twenty-fifth Norwich
(England) Musical Festival, which will be held
from October 6 to 9, has been issued. Mr.
Randegger is conductor, end the principal
artists will be Mmes. Albani, Ella Russel, Fisk,
Izard and Berrey; Messrs. Lloyd, Brophy, Ben
Davies, Watkin Miils, Broekbank and Andrew
Black. The festival will commence with Han
del's "Jepbtha." On Wednesday, Mackenzie's
"Rose of Sharon." in the evening Kandegger's
'•Fridolin," Dr. Parry's "Blest Pair of Sirens"
and a new violin concerto by Fred Cliffe, "Eli
jah" is down for Thursday morning, and in the
evening Mancinelli's operatic cantata, "Hero
and Leander." Friday morning, Gounod's "Re
demption," and the festival will close in the
evening, with the third act of "Lohengrin," a
Signor Tamagno, the Great Italian Tenor, Now Singing in Mexleo.
snite in D minor and a new Irish ballad for
chorus and orchestra, set by Professor Stan
ford to Sheridan Le Farm's "Phaudrig Cro
hoore," which will be the special novelty.
It is customary at the opera-house la Mexico
for a judge of the performance to be ap
pointed, whose duty it is to see that other
artis.s are not substituted for those advertised,
that the waits between the acts are not too
long, and that things generally are managed
to the satisfaction of the public. On one occa
sion, when Patti was singing in a company
managed by Mr. Grau, strict orders had been
given that no one was to be admitted behind
the scenes. It happened that the son-in-law
of President Diaz had been appointed iudge,
and he was refused admittance. On leaving
he gave orders to arrest the man who had op
posed Lis entrance. Not finding him the sol
diers arrested another man, who, not being
able to speak Spanish, was marched off to
prison, and it was several hours before the
matter was explained.
It is rumored that Signor Tamagno Is thinic
lng of quitting the stage and settling down to
a country life, but it is hardly likely that he
will do bo at present. The latest news from
Buenos Ayrea is that he has had a series of
magnificent successes in the following operas,
"Aida," "Profeta," "Forza del Destino" and
"Poliuto." The public enthusiasm exceeded
all bounds and was indescribable. With such
success in a country which Tamagno is now
visiting for the eighth time, and at a salary of
$100,000 for four months, at the age of 43 and
in full possession of his wonderful voice, it is
not probable that he will retire from public
life.
Countess Blscaccianti, who died a few days
ago at the Rossini Foundation Home for musi
cians and artists, in Paris, was at one time a
celebrated American singer. She was born in
Boston in 1824, and got her title by marrying
an Italian count. She died in poverty. Be
fore her death she requested the publication of
this item. Her father was Louis Ostinelll, a
violinist, long honored and esteemed in
Boston. Philip Hale in a long article about
this artist says: "To know Biscaccianti in
her old. wrecked age was a liberal education.
To have known her in the heyday of her tri
umphaut, wrecking beauty must have been
an intoxicating, deadly joy."
On their departure from England, a fitting
"send off" was given to the Ancient and Hon
orable Artillery Company of Boston. At
Euston station, where a number of the Lon
aon Honorable Artillery Company were pres
ent on the platform, "AuldLang Syne" and the
National anthem were played. The visitors
sailed from Liverpool on board the Servia, and
though there was no organized deputation to
bid them fareweil, a body of volunteer officers
from Manchester assembled in uniform and
formally presented Colonel Walker, the com
mander of the Boston artillerymen, with an
illuminated address couched in fraternal
language.
The city of Weimar, which already shelters
the archives of Schiller and Goethe, in a splen
did edifice constructed for this purpose, which
was lately inaugurated with great state, as
well a» the Franz Liszt Museum, is going to ex
tend its hospitality to the literary effects of
the unfortunate philosopher, Neitzsche, who
has exercised so much influence on the adapta
tion! of Schopenhauer and of Kichard Wag
ner. The archives of Nietzshe are at present
in the hands of his sister, Mme. Foerster, who
ie living at Weimar with Dr. Koegel, to whom
she has confided the publication of the un
edited works of her brother.
Louis Lombard, the conductor of a music
conservatory In New York, writes the follow
ing letter to the editor of the Sun: "Sir— l
have so much confidence in the wisdom and
honesty of the majority of voters that I will
bet 10,000 golden dollars against 5000 golden
dollars that the elocutionist, Mr. Bryan, will
not be elected President of the United States.
I know betting is a foolish argument, bat fool
ish reasons may convince fools, therefore this
wager. My bankers are H. L. Horton & Co.,
New York City, and Utica, N. V., City National
Bank."
In Paris concerts and bicycle festivals are of
the la est. A superb fete was recently given
by the Princess Laetitia Bonaparte. A bicycle
course was made of the royal garden. The
ladies were all restricted to white bicycling
costumes. Orchestras hidden in shrubs,
chained together by Venetian lights, made the
most ravishing music and afer midnight the
party danced, stHl in bicycling costume, a
minuet a la bicyclette.
Notwithstanding that the Guildhall School
of Music has been without a principal since
January last up to the present time the in
crease in the number of pupils has been most
satisfactory. In the spring term of this year
there were 198 more pupils in the school th«n
in the corresponding term of 1895, while the
term just, ended shows an increase of 117 over
the summer term of 1895.
Li Hung Chang detests music, fn his visits
to the capitals of Europe he has to be taken to
acrobatic and other such like performances to
amuse him, instead of to the customary
operatic treats. "Give me good words," he
says, ''but keep your music."
Mr. Maurice Grau has formally accepted the
managing directorship of the opera, CovenJ
Garden, London, which, has been registered as
a private liability company under the title of
the "Royal Opera Syndicate." This has been
arranged largely through the efforts of Lord
deGrey and Mr. Higgins. Sieuor Mancineiu
and Mr. Neil Forsyth will retain their present
positions.
At the first "Rheingold" performance at Bay
reuth Amer.ca was almost as well represented
on the stage as in the auditorium. There
were two young ladies from the United States
in the cast. Miss Marlon Weed sang Frecia
and Miss Fremstadt Flosshilde. Among ths
numerous Americans present were Mr. and
Mrs. William J. Keeley of San Francisco.
Mme. Belle Cole has recently purchased a
beautiful and spacious house in South Ken.
sineton, to which she will remove In the early
autumn. She will name the house "Tba
Chimes," on account of there being two
"Belles" in the family— Herself and her niece,
Miss Belle Clancy. *
Last season twenty-two summer comic opera
companies started out of New York City.
This summer only eight such organizations
bave left that city. _
The full name of Chevalier, the music-hall
singer, Is Albert Onsimo Britannicus Gwath
veoye Lonis Chevalier.
CURRENT HUMOR.
—————
"Madge, yon were late at the tennis club
this afternoon."
"Yes. I lost the combination of the block
and-tackle which holds my shirt waist and
skirt together."— Record.
Hicks— yon ever see a boy trying to take
a fishhook out of an eel he had just pulled in ?
'•Wicks— Yes.-: ;, -= ;; •:.: \ ■■>,; ;,-- 3 ».i •;
Ilicks — then, yon have seen" Joaquln
Miller's autograph.— Somerville Journal. -
"That young dentist seems to be a very
clever fellow." ■. .. .. , ■.. .:.-■■ r ;--■ i
"Not much he isn't. I went to his office to
get a tooth pulled, and he treated me as if I
had signed a contract to have him murder
me."— Chicago Record.
Salesman— feel awfully cheap. % ....
His Friend— have you done T . \
Salesman— l've just been comparing my sal
ary with what I think it ought to be.— New
York Herald.
Old Grimes is dead— that good old man—
He missed a heap of fun; . : .
He died— never rode a wheel
Or shot » kl-y l gun.— Detroit Free Press.
Cheam mixed candies , 25c Ib, Townsend'a. *
If yon want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent driven, ring up 1950. i'ac. Carriage Co,*
» • »
Li Hung Chang is a pure Chinese and has
not a drop of Tartar blood in his veins.
' « » » — ..."
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
• • »
The Bight Hon. C. P. Villiers, the "Father of
the Home of Commons," was at school with
Lord Byron, and is fond of telling. bis friends
of the pranks they played together at Harrow,
Cheap .Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta rout* and the Northern Paciflo Rail
road has been selected as the official - route to at*
tend the National Encampment of the O. A. B. at
SU Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. To*
excursion will leave Ban Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. m. Bates $87 90 for ths
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who with
to make the trip East. Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, Ban Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*.
• — — *
Are Mow Going Kant.'
Th« Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa **
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted .'or the trans
portation of families because of Its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
■ cars, which run daily through from . Oakland i)
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors and porter*. Tioic
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle ouUdla*
Telephone, Main 1531. •• ,
• — —
: We recommend the use of Dr. Blegert's Angos
tura Bitters to our friends who suffer with dyspep
sia. . ' .. '"y :-."
— ; « — • — • ' ■ .-
Sensible.— old sea-captain writes to J. C.
A yer <fc Co. that he never goes to sea without
supply of Ayer"B Pills.
1 ♦ »
. The name of "John Watson" was read out as
the jury were taking their places for an Ebury
bridge inquest. . There was no answer, and it
turned out that the man had been dead four
teen years.
NEW TO-DAY.
POWDER
, Absolutely Pure.
A cream of tartar baking powder. Highest of
•11 ■■ In leavening strength.— Mtest United State*
Government Food Report. I
Moyal Baking Powbeb Oi New York.THURSDAY .7. AUGUST 13. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Fahwis Thfatkb.— "The Masqueraders."
Califoknia THKATER.-"The Irish Artist."
Columbia Theater-" The Great Unknown."
»:obobco'b c j-KKi-Borsr— "TheTwo Orphans."
Tivom Op*BA-HoiTS*.-"The Bohemian GirL-
ORrHETTif— High-Class Vaudeville.
■6CTRO Baths— Bathing and performances.
fcHooT tkk CHrTEfI-DaUy at Halght street,
uce block east of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
' Excußflioy-To Cazadero, Sunday, August 16.
AUCTION SALES.
By L. H. BrRD-This day (Thursday), Furniture,
at 1542 Howflrd street, at 11 o'clock.
By L. Visc-KXT-Thls day (Thursday), Furni-
ture, at 351 Grove street, at '-' o'clock.
By Eastov & Eldridgk.— Tuesday. August 18,
Bial Kstate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
12 o'clock.
By Easton * Ex.Dßiw»K.-Saturday, August
22, Real Kstate, at Mountain \ lew, Santa Clara
Co., at 1 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Free-silver men are to organize to-night.
Fair Thursday— Forecast Official W. H.
Hammon.
The Supreme Court ha§ reversed the Judg
ment in Bsddeley vs. Shea.
The new fee law is in operation in the City
departments, and lees are reduced one-half.
The National Republican League of San
Francisco completed organization last night.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Crocker's fete champetre
last night at Burlingame was voted a charm
ing success.
A strong and enthusiastic Republican Club
has been organized in the Forty-second As
sembly District.
Annie Pickett, a notorious pickpocket, was
convicted by Judge Conlan yesterday on a
charge of vagrancy.
Judge Conlan decided yesterday that men
employed by a licensed peddler do not require
to take out a license.
Sidney Bernstein was arrested last evening
and booked at the Southern Police station on a
charge of grand larceny.
The presidents of Woman Suffrage precinct
clubs held a conference yesterday at the
Woman Suffrage Bureau.
The Lizzie Prien arrived in safety yester
day. She was long overdue but managed to
reach port before sinking.
Professor George H. Davidson and Charles
E. Grunsky have reported against Dr. Morses'
scheme for flushing sewers.
A patriotic social was held last night at Odd
Fellows' Hall under the auspices of the
Woman's State Central Republican Club.
The Civil Service Commission have ordered
an examination to fill some half a dozen posi
tions in the local Internal Revenue office.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the judg
ment in the People vs. Marshall J. Miller, who
pleaded gniltv to the murder of Julius Pier.
John M. Smith, pastmaster of Excelsior
Lodge. F. and A. M., was tendered a tareweil
banquet by his Masonic friends last evening.
sheriff George D. McKenzie of Napa says Me- ]
Kinley and protection are gaining votes every i
day in the different counties he has lately vis
ited.
T. C. Murphy was arrested on Tuesday, as he
was about to leave for his home in Europe, on
a charge of attempting to defraud his cred
itors.
The police have as yet captured bu t O. W. |
AVinthrop. who figures in the James A. Camp- i
bell sensation. "Pete" and "Dollie" are still :
at large.
J. j. Valentine explained to the members
of the Political Economy Club the fallacy of
the free silver theory and the safety of asound
money standard.
The Presidio was enlivened with the regular i
monthly held day yesterday, and the Alcatraz
football team surrendered their laurels to the i
boys of the Presidio.
Mrs. Lorenz Foard, wife of the well-known i
shipchantiler, died at Oakland last Monday. :
All the flags on the front were at half mast as
a symbol of sympathy.
Nichols, who we s shot on the Jersey Farm I
ranch by Maywald, will be subjected to the
Cathode ray lor the purpose of locating the :
bullet in his cheek bone.
The charge of perjury against Bernard Pou- !
chan, a coot ir the Palace Hotel, for shearing I
that his wife was 18 years of age was dismissed
by Judge Joachimsen yesterday.
The barkentine North Bend has been !
changed into a "bald-headed" schooner. She i
arrived yesterday from Wehalen and the cap- '
tain reports that the vessel was on tire twice.
Herman Braunschweiger Jr. was before
Judge Sanderson yesterday on a charge of
lunacy. He was acquitted and left the court
room with his newly wedded wife, nee Sadie
N'ichols.
Charles L. Fair began his deposition yester
day in the Fair will contest and the greater
part of the day was so occupied. The exami
nation of Senator Fair's son will be continued
Saturday.
The County Board of Equalization has been
notified to appear at Sacramento on Wednes
day next to show cause why San Francisco
property valuations should not receive a hori
zontal raise.
George W. Cornwell, ihe pioneer engineer of
the old San Jose Railroad and for thirty-six
years in the service of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, died in this City from
heart disease.
As a jury could not be obtained in Judge!
Low's court yesterday to try the case of John ]
Maner, charged with making preparations for ;
a cocking main, another attempt will be made {
next Tuesday.
John F. More, the suspended administrator!,
of the estate of A. P. Afore, has been ordered
by Judge Coffey to pay $H)0O to Mrs. M. J. Or
cutt within two weeks or be committed for con
tempt of court.
Two boys, John Duckgerschel and Willie j
Bose, were injured while swinging the May- 1
pole at Golden Gate Park yesterday, the former !
having his right leg broken and the latter his ,
scalp wounded.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has rendered an '
opinion regarding prison jute bags, in which
he says that the directors must abide by the
Ostrom act, limiting the sale of the main San
Quemin product.
Market Inspector Ben Davis made a forcible
entry into Jefferson G. James' slaughter-house
at Butchertown yesterday, and found the car
casses of three cows showing unmistakable
signs of tuberculosis.
Permanent organization of the Citizens'
Charter Association of San Francisco was ef
fected last night with James D. Phelan as
president. Its object is to secure the adoption
of the proposed new charter.
The Winchester House, 44 Third street, was
the scene yesterday of double wedding fes
tivities. Withip the last year twenty-geven
weddings have taken place in this house,
which is a popular Bohemian resort.
J. A. Mogan, Fish and Game Warden, swore
to a complaint in Judge Cou'an's court yester
day charging A. Fodera, poultry merchant
San Francisco Market, with having valley
quail in his possession out of season.
Rev. M. F. Colburn will lecture on "Snap
Shots at the Orient" this evening in Grace
Church, corner Twenty-first and Cepp streets.
The lecture will deal with personal experi
ences in Burmah, Indio, Egypt and Palestine.
The mercantile agencies are at war for busi
ness, with the result that contracts are made
for two years and over at reduced rates. The
reorganization of one agency was used as a
means of furthering the fight, which devel
oped some ugly features.
The schooner Prosper has been accounted
for. She left Oakland under unfavorable cir
cumstances last April and her arrival at Cooks
inlet was never reported. She arrived all
right, but the miners who went on her.have
r>ot made bread and butter.
Attorney Charles Aiken yesterday had a
ci ation issued commanding Charles Ashton,
a Mai estate dealer, to explain why he should
not be punished for contempt of court. Ash
ton is said to have disobeyed a restraining
order issued by Judge Hebbard.
' David Neagle, who recently assailed Editor
Barry pleaded eullty yesterday to assault and
battetv upon A. J. Collins, the peddler, whom
he "bainced" last week from the entrance to
the ra.iroad building, corner of Montgomery
and Market streets, and a Police Court scene
followed
Owing «.o an enforcement of the rules to pre
vent the drainage of gold from the sub-treas
ury, gold will no longer be paid for silver and
silver certificates. Eastern national bank
notes must be Eent to Washington for redemp
tion. It is believed that silver coin will soon
be at a discount.
Adulterated goods and those grocers who
offer them for sale ,n this City are 10 be ex
oo^ed through the efforts of a joint committee
ol the Fruit Exchanze, Chamber of Commerce,
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
and Produce Exchante, a meeting having been
hekl yesterday ar.d plans made to take action
without waiting for -the establishment of a
City food inspection service.
\
The Old Barkentine North Bend Has Been Changed Into a Schooner. Last June She Was at the Lumber Mills in Grays Harbor and
Caught Fire. Her Owners Not Thinking Very Much of Her Sailing Qualities Decided to Turn Her Into a Schooner.
THE NORTH BEND
A SCHOONER,
Her Masts Were Burnt Out,
So the Rig Was
Changed.
SHE WAS UNFORTUNATE
Enveloped in Flames Alongside
a Wharf and the Captain
Powerless.
DEATH OF MRS. LORENZ FOARD
The Widower One of the Most Re
spected Men in Shipping Circles
in TLis City.
What was the old barkentine North-
Bend arrived in port last Monday. It is
the same old hull, out the rig i 3 so differ
ent that not even one of the old timers on
the water front would recognize her. She
is now a "bald-headed" three-masted
schooner, and looks what she is — a lum
ber carrier.
In the 70's she was one of the smartest
barkentines that sailed the Pacific, but
time told on her and she was relegated to
the lumber trade. Last June the North
Bend was at Hoaquim loading lumber for
the Northwestern Lumber Company. A
fire broke out and soon everything was in
flames. The North Bend lost all her sails,
the. foremast went by the board and all
the deckhouses were burnt away. A. M.
Simpson, the managing owner, came to
the conclusion that it was not worth
while to re-rig the vessel as a barkentine,
ao the change was made.
The new schooner North Bend made fair
time to San Francisco with her load of
lumber, but nevertheless she is not a
handsome craft.
The resurrected ship Blairmore is to be
examined in a few days. The work of
"cleaning up" still progresses and by to
morrow every speck of dirt will have dis
appeared front the vessel's interior. As
soon as all the mud has been washed
away the Blairmore will be docked and
her classification will be noted. Before
she capsized the vessel was rated 100 Al at
Lloyds, and before the owners will accept
her she will have to be put back in that
class. The hull is as sound as the day the
vessel was launched, so there will be no
difficulty in getting the Blairraore back
on the register.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company is
making practically a new ship out of the
Starbuck. She haa been refitted from stem
to stern and the engines and boilers are
almost brand new. Formerly the Star
buck was a freight steamer, but since the
loss of the Colombia the chances are the
Mail Company will put the Starbuck on
the route.
AH the flags along the water front were
at half-mast yesterday. The wife of Lo
renz Foard, the well-known ship-chandler
and ship-owner, died at her home in Oak-
Jand last Monday. She was a most esti
mable lady, andall who knew her loved
her. Her husband is oneot the best-known
men in shipping circles in San Francisco,
and hundreds are sorrowing with him in
his bereavement.
A two-horse team belonging to C. E.
Whitney backed over Mission-street wharf
yesterday. The horses became scared at
the overhead coalcars and attempted to
run away. Before they got very far the
stringers were reached, and in a few min
utes horses and wagon were in the bay. |
Help was at hand and the animal's were res
cued. The wagon sank, but was after
ward recovered, so C. E. Whitney & Co.
will only have to put up with the loss of
the harnesd that was cut.
The Point Arena will come off the ways
this morning and will be ready to sail for
Point Arena this afternoon. The repairs
were not heavy and when completed the
vessel will be as good as new. Captain
Johnson will go out in command, but
Mate Wickman will remain ashore.
The much-talked-about schooner Lizzie
Prien arrived from Nehalem River yester
day. She is the vessel that was blown off J
coast and was reported short of provisions, j
On July 28 the Prien reached Nehalem |
and all went well thereafter. On the way |
to San Francisco the schooner's boom was |
carried away near Point Arens, but never
theless good time was made to port.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Monowai will sail for the South Season
the 22d instant with one of the largest
cargoes that has ever left San Francisco.
She is loaded down with flour, wheat and
general mercnandise and still there is more
to come. Tne Monowai will only make two
more trips to San Francisco arid then she
will be replaced by a new stetAer built
specially for the trade.
JOHN F. MORE TO CONTEMPT.
He Hag Failed to Pay 81900 That
Judge tofley Ordered Disbursed.
Judge Coffey yesterday ordered John F.
More, administrator of the estate of Alex
ander P. More, to pay $1900 to Mrs. M. J.
Orcutt, one of the heirs at law of the de
ceased, within two weeks or be committed
for contempt of court. Indeed, it was for
a time uncertain whether or not the order
should be made immediately.
John F. More was administrator of the
estate of A. P. More, and over a year ago
was ordered to pay the $1900 In question
to Mrs. Orcntt, but refrained from doing
so on one excuse or another up to the
present time. More is now suspended as
administrator for alleged irregularities,
and Mrs. Eliza If. Miller has been granted
special letters.
There is also a matter of $10,000 in abey
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
ance in the More estate. When John F.
More was suspended there was a differ
ence of $10,000 in his accounts, which
money he claimed had been used in pay
ing expenses of the estate. The claim,
however, was not allowed and he was
ordered to pay the money to Mrs. Miller.
More says he has not the money to pay,
and that matter will be considered when
the Orcutt affair comes up, two weeks
hence.
UNUSUAL DILIGENCE.
James Shea Did Not Employ It, and,
in Consequence, William Baddeley
Broke a Leg.
A new trial has been granted by the
Supreme Court in the case of William
Baddeley against James Shea. The plain
tiff, an employe of the City Transfer
Company, called at the defendant's house
to remove two trunks, in compliance with
a request from Shea. The smaller trunk
was carried down to the wagon without
difficulty, but the larger one was exceed
ingly heavy. Shea offered to help him,
but the lusty transfer man said he could
carry the trunk, even though its owner
should be seated upon it. The young
lady to whom the trunk belonged pre
ferred to go downstairs in the orthodox
fashion, and Baddeley earned the box
down without any trouble; but when
going out of the frontdoor the frail wood
work of the landing gave way under the
united weight of man and trunk. The
result so far as Baddeley was concerned
was a broken leg, besides sundry bruises.
Plaintiff claiming damages from Shea
on account of the flimsy framework of his
front doorsteps, he was given a verdict in
the Superior Court, from which the de
fendant appealed. The reversal of the
judgment is based on the position that
owners of houses are bound to use no
more than ordinary vigilance in looking
after the safety of their premises, and that
Shea would have to have employed extra
ordinary and unusual diligence in order
to have detected the presence of dryrot in
the beams supporting the landing of his
front steps, since those beams were con
cealed from view by th« surrounding
woodwork.
The Crocker Residence at Burlingame "Where the Elaborate Fete Champetre Entertained the Elite of
Local Society Last Evening. The Stage for the Presentation of an Arcadian Pastoral "Was
Placed on the Lawn in Front of the House.
MILLER MUST DIE.
j Tbe Murderer Is Not Allowed by the
Supremo Court to Retire His
Plea of Not Guilty.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the
j judgment of the lower tribunal in the
| criminal case ol the People against Mar
i shall J. Miller. Miller pleaded guilty in
the Superior Court, where he had been
arraigned for the murder of Julius Pier.
The crime was perpetrated amid atrocious
cruelties, and the jury found a verdict of
guiliy, recommending that the extreme
I penalty of the law be visited upon the
! defendant.
Hearinp that he whs about to be sen
| teuced to death. Miller nought to with
draw his plea of guilty, making an affi
davit that he was under the influence of
liquor when he committed the crime.
Tnis withdrawal the trial judge refused to
permit. In affirming this action the Su
preme Court declares that the Superior
Judge followed the only admissible course
in view of the evidence submitted to him.
Tho Florentine Murder.
Arthur Jackson, charged with the murder of
August Florentine, saloon-keeper, Twenty
fourth street and Railroad avenue, on Mon
day, was arraigned before Judge Joachimsen
yesterday morn inc. He pleaded not guilty
and his attorney, w. H. Cook, askea for a con
tinuance till Saturday, which was granted.
San Jose in Port.
The steamer San Jose, from La Libertad and
way ports, arrived here last evening at 9
o'clock. She carries a full assignment of
freight, but no passengers.
Trunks Moved 35 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for u«.*
WITH A STARRY
CANOP Y O'ERHEAD.
Brilliant Scene at the
Crocker Fete Last
Evening.
THE FIRST OF A SERIES.
Society Votes "The Shepherd's
Dream" a Magnificent
Success.
EXQUISITE CALCIUM EFFECTS.
The Burlingame Club, J. D Grant,
Robert Coleman and Henry Scott
Entertain Large Parties.
If there were any who entertained a
doubt of the success of Mrs. W. H.
Crocker's version of the recent Castellane
fete, their fears are forever at rest.
The latest California fete champetre
suffered not in comparison with the great
Paris event. There were some guests at
last evening's entertainment who assisted
at the fete of the Castellanes, and that was
their verdict. All the elements combined
to make the fete a success. Tne night was
perfect; the star-studded heavens were
clear and blue. The stiff little breeze that
had been blowing so persistently during
the afternoon died away, and the still,
pure atmosphere disturbed not a leaf nor
even a petal of the most delicate flower.
All day long workmen had been busy
giving the final touches to the lawn which
was to be the theater for the charming
pastoral, "The Shepherd's Dream." In
the center a circular sta^e was erected, or
to be more correct a half stage. The lawn
slopes at this point and just enough
boards were laid to complete a lar. r e cir
cular flat for the action of the players.
The illumination of the grounds was
perfect. Electric lights gleamed in the
midst of the shrubbery and numberless
lanterns swung from the giant arms of the
great oaks that surround the arrounds.
At 9 o'clock the special train bearing the
invited guests arrived. Arrangements for
the transportation of the guests from the
station to tbe home had been carefully at
tended to. The club stables had been
taxed to the utmost, as well as those' of
the Crocker place and the surrounding
homes. Conveyances were plentiful and
the guests were quickly driven to the
home of their generous host and hostess.
It was nearly 10 o'clock before the little
pastoral, "Tlie Shepherd's Dream," which
was to constitute one of the surprises of
the evening, was presented.
The simple and pretty action of the play
fitted in neatly with the artistic surround
ings, and the dancing of tbe ballet will
forever shed a luster of glory over their
instructor. Professor William J. O'Brien,
who also originated and arranged all the
dance movements. The young ladies
taking part were alt garbed in flowing
Greek draperies, and as the calcium lights
played upon each succeeding figure the
effect was most beautiful.
The argument of the little play, which
tells in pathetic, simple verse and a series
of beautiful tableau 3of the visions of the
shepherd's dream, was minutely described
in yesterday's Call.
After the entertainment the guests
wandered at will about the grounds or
indulged in the merry dance, which held
full sway in the large and elegant recep
tion rooms of the home.
At 12 o'clock an elaborate supper was
served on the lawn, and during supper
the second part of the programme, con
sisting of fancy Spanish dancing and con
cluding with charming little Lola's Polish
dance, completed the evening's pro
gramme.
At I o'clock the speciel which was to
convey the guests to their homes in the
City pulled out of the Burlingame station.
Very few of the revelers, however, re
turned to town. All the surrounding
homes accommodated many of the guests
for the night. Quite a number were
housed at the Burlingame Club. Robert
Coleman, Henry J. Scott, Joseph D. Grant,
Mr. and Mrs. Crocker and several others
had large house parties.
This fete champetre, which is sure to be
the sole topic of interest in social circles
to-day, is the first of a series that Mr. and
Mrs. Crocker are prepared to give before
the season closes.
A HONEYMOON RENEWED
JudgeJoachimsen Dismisses the Charge
of Perjury Against Bernard
Pouchan.
The role of a merciful Judge was sus
tained by Judge Joachimsen yesterday
morning when he dismissed the case of
Bernard Pouchan, charged with rjerjury.
Pouchan is a cook in the Palace Hotel,
and was married last Monday to pretty
Hannah Bergret by Justice of the Peace
Carroll. Hannah's brother Jean, instead
of attending the ceremony as he promised,
swore to a complaint charging Pouchan
with perjury in swearing when he applied j
for the marriage license that Hannah was
18 years of age, the fact being that she
lacked a few months of that age.
Pouchan testified that his wife told him
she was 18 years of acre, and when he was
asked by Cupid Danforth what her ace
was he said he did not know of his own
knowledge, but she had told him she
was 18.
Mrs. Pouchan corroborated her hus
band, and Justice of the Peace Carroll
testified that when he asked tha young
lady her age she replied 18. The Judge at
once dismissed the case, and husband and
wife left the courtroom together to enjoy
their interrupted honeymoon.
• * — •
Tho Police Tribunal.
The Police Commissioners nad six patrol
men before them on various charges last
night. The charge of neglect of duty against
John R. Lewis was dismissed, as were also
charges of unofficerltke conduct against
Joseph F. Murphy and Peter Whaleu and
neglect of duty against Ernest F. Bode.
Thomas Meehan, for neglect of duty, was
fined $10, and M. L. Van de Bogart, for going
into a saloon while on duty, was fined $20.
NEW TO-DAT.
••»«••••»•»•«©«•••••••••»
I Always FIRST * |
{ Gail Borden j
§ Eagle Brand I
S CONDENSED HILIC I
• For J5 years the leading brand. It is the •
J Best and the most economical. 1?
5 A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS J
OLYMPIAN GAMES
AT THE PRESIDIO,
Alcatraz Football Team
Beaten in a Spirited
Contest.
SOME FAIR RECORDS.
Bennett and Curran Win Com
mendation for Some Ex
cellent Plays.
ONE MAN SLIGHTLY INJURED.
/
General Graham Expressed Himself
as Well Pleased With the Good
Showing Made.
The boys out at the Presidio had a great
time yesterday. It was the occasion of
their monthly field day and all were in
fine form.
The football team of Fort Mason, most
of whom are members of Battery M, were
recently transferred to the Presidio and
delighted the large group of spectators,
who were liberally represented by the fair
sex. Their opponents were a team from
Alcatraz Island.
As the participants in the athletic tour
nament have only had about two weeks'
time in which to train their performance
was very creditable.
The game was played in accordance with
association rules, hands being used only
in throwing the ball. A. A. McKinley
acied as referee. The different positions
occupied by the members of the Presidio
team were as follows:
Goal, Sinnott; fullbacks —W. Tobin,
Henry; halfbacks — Wilkea. Austin, Bokle
man; forwards — Bennett, J. Tobin, Kelly,
McMulien, McCaffrey.
The members of Alcatraz clnb held their
respective positions in the following order:
Goal, Riley; fullbacks— Kratzer, Mathe
son; halfbactcs — McCormick, E. Soules,
Angel; forwards — Mills, Rice, B. Soules,
Curran, Steele.
Riordan acted as lineman for the Presi
dio team and Adama for the men from
Alcatraz.
At the kickoff Alcatraz got the choice of
goals and for the first half kicked with the
wind.
The Presidio team had the kickoff and
the ball was set in motion by Kelly.
Throughout both halves the play was spir
ited, and the spectators earned the reward
of their trouble in being present.
Curran did some very good playing for
Alcatraz, and Riley made some excellent
stops. Their lack of discipline, however,
manifested itself in the fact that the team
did not play as a unit, but each man went
in for individual honors.
The best playing for the PresJdio team
was done by Bennett. Kelly showed him
self to be a very good man at center form
ing and kept cool even in the most excit
ing; period of the game. Jimmy lobin is
unusually clever in the pass, and though
only a boy, will make an expert player
with practice.
In the first half the man that played
instead of Matneson was accidentally in
jured and forced to withdraw from the
game. Both scores made by the Presidio
team were made in the second half, Ben
nett making the first goal and McMulien
NEW TO-DAY.
Mlt is a startling fact that, almost
without exception, adulterated teas
are dangerous to health, some of them
are actually poisonous, especially the
impure green teas which contain
Copperas and Prussian Blue."
(New York Herald.)
No, no, Mr. Herald, they
don't all contain Copperas
and Prussian Blue. Some
of them are ; really not so
harmful after all. And, if
you could only tell which
colored tea is harmful and
which is not, there wouldn't
be any serious harm in col-
ored tea.
But, seeing that you can't
tell one from the other, per-
haps the best way is to
drink pure tea.
Schillings Best (money-
back tea) is sold only in
packages.
I A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 847 "
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
/G»ANI> PAVILION
i__ tIMSPIaBX I -
f'ELECTfiicMoTivE' pOWER
h Transmitted fROI) fbLsoM
ISPISiSSi
EXCURSION BATES.
SUTRO BATHS.
: • ; ' . Open Dally from 7a. m. Until 11 p. m. ;
Concert Every Afternoon and 'Evening.
General Admission— 10c, Children sa ,- v«
' ISrllllllll --■•■ .■ ■ ■ -.-.,,.■..,■-, ■-.:. ...... '
' '■■."/..'."NEW TO-DAT.' -
-■-"-"-" -1~':~.-",-Z '.- - ~~ ■ --■-- — ■ - - -- -■■*<
jmL" Pretty
W t*' ' Pill
| says
I Pretty
<^> Poll
She's just "poll parroting."
There's no prettiness in pills,
except on the theory of "pretty
is that pretty does." In that
case she's right.
Ayer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation, .
and all liver troubles.
-
the second,' The Atcatra., tttatn iftlled to
tor. re. - -- •
The real ox" llio crents vrjsr* tr>.rt\fi\ out
in good style ami (Vciu-rui f.raiioni 030*
Brassed llira**|f an well pioaeoii with fft*
ctlofjitfon-.' The rucopl in Hie d»p is At
fcjrltiiv.
TTfiniirei3^"jrd tijifdi «?ou bp Ar;C*Tfjo hi
DaUciJ P T .io *1? secy . - | U inline t ri,.ni
Jurjip." wo,. byLVirrrfiral lJriO.l ot Cl , I •-,--. l>,
Sfeet'lifj^HiohiitiJ lhfu.vv.B«rr the -,«i|ve
hyffnd tv.iu Hie • w^rl ny JClliipehiou. Fj
feel u'lnt;oi'6;ivi^vunl-'liurdle Mtcu, wiitv'tjy
•Sijißofi..i3 ,+&>*<,.- at.vhnint*-. ft|sjfi Jitrnvi,
won tjy ~CWx,or>r Uo'al. 4 ,-.-• : iiiobi>r>;
. Itrowinp riH.ennl ...... In Wyipby bf-UW
leTjr TV 'lO4. ynnjc; j-nniiinc lilic'i jdttut.
Mvtphv ami Caiupor-ll Bed ut l leAi ll)
-iftKbat.* aiurphy sfinfiifi&tfi* llv; juiUtiv
rfit-t-,--kVoa by Svy*».d*Of Kethirylt;
ftcf.;' nuinTii" broad iuidji, Avrin ov Mtif-
Phj* brOfltteTy F. vHlooflf inulias: "(fiM-r*
foni'ud . riicn. Vr-m by SiY-cit and dasu or
Battery 5 T *35 sue,
_ NEW TO-LAY-AMUSEMENTS. .
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
H at the 77| LAST.IICHK!'
Baldwin , at — a,
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
—-EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY I—•
From the Empire Theater, New York.
The Great Drama by Henry Arthur Jones,
THE MASQUERADERS
A Flay of Intense Interest, with Brilliant Situ*
tions, including the
THRILLING CARD SCENE!
NEXT MONDAY LAUGHING EVENT!
I A Maelstrom of Merriment!
THE GAY PARISIANS!
I Best Comedy Company Seen Here in Years I
W. J. FEKGUSON, SADIE MARTINOT,
James O. Barrows, Chas. B. Weila, \V. R. Shirley.
Mrs. E. J. Phillips, Miss Margaret Gordon
and the Original Great Cast.
*S" Seats Now Selling Fast and Furious!
I ft. ATTHE gl I SECOND'
I CALIFORNIA 1 WEEK
THE SWEET SINOER,
OIKCA-TXIXr CEY
OLjCOTT
■:*. .-In the Successful Comedy Drama,
THE IRISH ARTIST.
By Augustas Pltou and George H. Jesaop.
MONDAY, August 17,
"THE MINSTREL OF CLARE."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Jam mufjflnrlaric abki.in.j. .Proprietor &^L*a*{i:
Sixth Week of the Season of Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gdstav Uinkiciu.
TO-KTiaHT,
and Saturday
BAU'E'S BALLAD-OPERA,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL! •
First Appearance of Miss Katherlne Krieg as At*
fine. Cast also includes Berenice Holme*, John
J. Raffael, Martin Pache, Richard Karl,
Ed Torpi, etc., etc.
To-morrow and Sunday Evenings—-5
MEYERBEER'S CLASSIC WORK,
THE HUGUENOTS
Natali, Bertini Humphryr. Holmes, Mlchaiena, Da
Vries, Abramoff, Karl, Pache, etc., in the cast, .
In preparation
VERDI'S EVEK POPULAR OPERA,
"11, TROVATORE."
Popular Prices—2sc and sOc. .
IrRiCDLAnQLR/jOTTIOD«l rRiCDLAnQLR/j0TTl0D« o>- uj«3AnßruriA4W4—
ONE ROUND OF LAUGHTER
From the Rise to the Fall of the Curtain*
Truly the Acme of All Comedies,
THE GREAT UNKNOWN
So Charmingly Presented by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
HOUSE CROWDED NIGHTLY.
■ COME AND SEE.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In Amerioi.
WAI/TEH MOROCCO, Sola Lessee and -ManiZJC
A Revelation of Histrionic Art! .
"THE TWO ORPHANS"
Presented on the Most Elaborate Scale
Ever Given in This City.
Third Week of JAMES M. BROPHT. :
Prof. Chas. F. Graeber"s Mandolin and Guitar Club,
The full depth of the mammoth stage used for the
first time in 10 years.
Evening Prices—2so and 50c.
Family ; ircli- and Gallery, 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday;
%$«$&$&»
C'Farrell street, Between Stockton and PowslL
Week Commencing Monday. Antr. 10.
THE KOARINO SUCCESS of the SEASON
The Hypnotist, in a seance of Fun and Merriment.
THE FOUR NELSON SJSTKKS.
BIONDI- BLACK PATH
TKCHOW'S CAT CIRCUS
Only 3 Nights More of Staley & Bisbeok.
And a Great Vaudeville, Company.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seals, 60c. .' , _^______
THE CHUTES.
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS.
EVE V EVENING THIS WEEK
AND SUNDAY AFTERNOON-
THOUSANDS WKRE AMAZED
AND' DELIGHTED LAST NIGHT! '
THE SIGHT OF THE CENTURY!
CONN FREDERICKS,
THE DEMON CYCLIST,
WILL COAST THE CHUTES
ON A SAFETY BICYCLE
ADMISSION 1O CENTS. '
Children, Including Merry-Go-Round Hide, 5 cents.
GRAND EXCURSION
| TO,CAZADERO,
ELXM GROVE, DUNCANS MILLS, NEXT
SUNDAY, August 16. 'personally-conducted by
J. E. LOCKE. ■•", Special train of first-class coaches,'
Seats, reserved. Tickets for round trip, $1 50.
Children' 7 under 12, only 75c. i Over 3 hours' stop
In j the i Russian 111 vcr redwoods. . Secure tickets
early at 333 O'Farrell street, near Taylor. Ullico
open until 9 P. K. daily.
■" -
78
UNITED TO WORK HARD FOR THE CHARTER.
Organization of the Conven
tion to Favor the New
Instrument.
PHELAN IS PRESIDENT.
Made an Eloquent Address in
Support of the Cause He
Is to Lead.
EEPRESENTATIVE MEN THERE
Aa Aggressive Carnpalgn to Bs In
augurated and Maintained Until
the Election.
When President Dohrmann ot the Mer
chants' Association called the charter
convention to order at about 8:20 o'clock
last night at Kohler & Chase Hall, at 26
O'Farrell street, that place of gathering
was filled with one of the most represen
tative audiences of the best citizens of
Ean Francisco that ever came together for
a common purpose.
At this meeting was fired the first big
gun in the new charter campaign. At
this meeting there was centered in one
powerful whole the most prominent and
influential organizations of the City to act
as a grand army and to do battle for the
new instrument for improved municipal
eovernment. This new factor in local
politics is to be known as the Citizens'
Charter Association of Fan Francisco.
Following is a full list of organizations
represented at the meeting, classified as
follows:
A, Commercial; B, Improvement: C, Trade
and f.nbor; D, Fraternal; X, Social: F, Benevo
lent; G, state and National; 11, Athletic.
A. COMMKItCTAT,
Merchants' Association —A. Sw Baldwin, J.
Jtlchard ireud.
Butchors' Board of Trade— B. C. Hammond, J.
H. HcMenom?.
Cj ■:.'■ Hoanl of Trade— James S. Conwell, W. R.
Wheeler.
Chamber of Commerce— Charles J. King, E. W.
KemfU-ld.
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion—\V. F. Peterson, A. C. Boideman.
Fire Underwriters of the Pacific — Charles A.
l.aton. Isidor GotU>.
Hoard of Trade of San Francisco— T. J. Parsons,
£. N!ckfhburs-
Ban ( Francisco Prtduce Exchange — Horace
Eovl-, A. A. Adler.
Merchants' Exchange Association— Juda New
man, H. hinsheiiner.
IMPROVEMENT.
Mission Improvement Union — D. Phelan,
F. W. Van Ueynegom.
Point I.obox Improvement Club— F. T. New
berry, J. 11. fiver*.
Richmond District Improvement Association— S.
V. i irtre, M.V. >amuels-
Sunset Oi-;rl"t Improvement Association—Rich
ard K( )ioz_-. James Quigley.
Mate Development, Committee — Wendell Eastou,
van J. Coieman.
West of Castro Street .Improvement Club— F. E.
Hackney. Major ß. McKlnne.
San Francisco Association of Improvement
Clubs— l. bchwarts, A. P. Van Dozer.
Van Ness-avenue Improvement Club— Herbert E.
law, J. J. McGovern.
.Mission Defense Union— Walcom, Hon.
A. W. Thompson.
south Side Improvement Club— Dr. A, T. Rot-
Uiny.i, <■'. W. Met: wen.
K- lsom-street Club No. I— Harvey Somers
fieorgp T . Center.
Vohorn-sireet Improvement Club No, 3 — Leon
E*rauel«. f. <;. Bewston.
Hospital lot Improvement Club— E. C. Priber.
H. Ke> nan.
Ucod Government Club— Curtiss Hlllyer, Charles
Gunu.
C. TRADE AND LABOK.
Musicians' Mutual Protective Union — Harry
Stockton, C C. Ilnike.
Locomotive Engineers— F. V. Myers, Freeman
f? Bowley.
Marine Engineers' Association— George R. Klngs
land, Frank J'rage.
-Vuional Association of Stationary Engineers —
1-. K. Monlthrop, J. G. Wilson.
Journeymen Barbers' Association— F. Hodeet,
1 . tc Wolfe.
- I>. FRATERNAL
Independent Order of Foresters, Court Diana
>'o. 1133— J. M. f/o'eman, J. B. Knudsen.
Inflependent Order of Red Men— C. B. Rode,
JacoN Rumetsch.
.Herm-inu's Sons, E. yon Bandel Lodge Val
Acker. Nicholas Prost.
Hermann's Sons, Eureka Lodge— C. Leldecker,
Dr. O. Uulacn.
( lan Fraser No. 78, O. S. C— Edward Kerr, Dr.
George Adam.
Independent Order Odd Fellows. Harmony
LoiJce So. 17— J. G. Mysetl, M. E. Schuman.
E. ■IAJ-
Gprraania dab— F. Hachs, F. Rnthjens.
>:<n Francisco Eoys' Ciub— Dr. Philip K. Brown,
Sidney ■-. Pelxotto.
-an Francisco Baker Vereln— Charles Mlenter,
(>us Uuenther.
Gesellschaft Tentonia— Wertsch, R.
Hunk.
La Societe Francaise— Bergen. E. .Lernolne.
at. Andrew's society— James S. Webster, James
He. Van.
sueddentsrlier Vermin— F. tiugel, Christ Weber.
Line Rationale Francaiss— ii. ilever. a. a.
J'relln;.
\^rein Elntract— Csprain F. A. Knhls, Arnold
Knzmanu.
Haimonie Verein— George Volz. A. Rehm.
- Nortldentscher Verein — S. liatnth, Dr. E. A.
Brnne.
Deutscher Verein— A. Jlerbst.
V. BKNKVOLF.NT.
■British Benevolent Association— Percey Eeam-
Uh, W. H. Fuller.
Associated Charities— S. W. Levy, Captain Oli
ver Eldrid??.
socle (> beige de Bienfaisance — Rousseau, Paul
Be! remans.
German Benevolent Society— Cart Uhlig, Wil
licm K. lahz.
' Madrid M utual Benevolent Society— G. Siemann,
Frank Noriega
Juarez Guard — A. de la Torre Jr., C. Torres.
Cumbrian Mutual Aid Society— Frank Jones,
John' Edwards.
California Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Lhildren-B. P. Flint. I. T. Milliken.
O. BTATK, NATIONAL AND POLITICAL.
• Mission Parlor No. 38, N. S. G. W.— M. L. Mo-
Cord, J. B. 'Altken.
(George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.— Horace
\VUa« n, C. H. Bllnn. - f
i vie Federation— l. J. Truman, Charles Wesley
Heed.
Board of Freeholders-M. H. Hecht, William F.
Gibson.
Bay City Parlor No. 104, N. 8. G. W.— S. Feigen
baum, .M. savanna b.
Colonel Cess Post No. 46, G. A. R.— W. A.
Walker. Timothy Curran. I
General • George O. Mcade Post No. 48, G. A.
It.— Samuel \V. lierr, James Mlnnegan.
. H. ATHLETIC.
Imperial Bicycle Club— R. L. Radke, W. L.
Alaule. -
Triangle Wheelmen— Dr. J. A. King-Kendall.
Dr. H. L. Diets..- •
>■. b\ Turn Verein— Marcus, 11. Plans.
Pathi'.mlers* Cycling Club— Robert McCord, Jos
eph Cinnnn.
Wa^-erley Cycling Club— P. Alen Joy, Sydney V.
Elstdn.-
Olympic Club Wheelman— W. W. Sanderson,
Lewis C. Hunter.
S. F. Koad Cub— Pe!ser, W. P. Plxley.
JitXKGATKS AT LABOK.
Ex-Mayors— Frank jrcCoppin, U. C. Blake, Ed
weTd B. Pond, L. R. Eilert,
Board of 1-reeholders— Joseph Brltton, George T.
Jiarye, Jr.. Dr. J. A. Anderson, Colin M. Boyd,
Henry >'. Clement, J. J. O'Brien, Irving M. Scott,
~s;oss. Jr., G. 11. I mbsen.
. Note— Colonel M. H. Hecht, William F. Gibson
mill I. J. Truman are also freeholders, but are al
ready regular delegates to the convention.
Bonid of directors Merchants' Association—
P. W. Dohrniunn, Charles Bandsciu, W. G.
Doam-, WilliH'n Doxey, A. Fusenot, Hugo I).
K<-tl. U. S. Kohlbere, Jienry Michaels, R. F.
< 'shorn, 31. a. Kotnchiid, Joseph Simonson, Van
di-rlviin stow, Frank A. Swain.
Note— A. 8. Baldwin and James 8. Conwell are
regular delegates to the convention.
Mr. Dohrmann, in calling the convention
to order, gave a brief history of the events
which led to the calling of the charter
convention, When he reached that por
tion of his address in which he declared
it tne virtual intention of the convention
to give birth to a new municipal party, to
be organized in the interest of the pro
posed instrument for local government, he
was interrupted with hearty applause.
He spoke in substance as follows:
It has never been my privilege to greet a
I'i.'.v representative in character and as-
K-rcib ed for such an unselfish purpose as the
one that I now have the honor on behalf of
the Merchants' Association to ' Did a hearty
welcome and to sincerely thank lor having
ntcpted the invitation and tor being here to
night. , ._ ; .
When the new charter was presented by the
board of freeholders in July last year the
board of directors of the Merchants'' Associa
tion determined that if tho charter would pro
vide a proper system of municipal govern
ment It should have its hearty support. After
full and careful study of the charier the board
of directors became convinced that it was far
superior to the present laws governing this
City.
In order to take no action that did not fully
represent the wishes of all the members of the
association the board addressed a circular
letter to over 1000 of our principal taxpayers,
including all the members ot the Merchants'
Association, asking this question: "Do you
favor the new charter, to obtain the proper
machinery for carrying out nn extensive plan
of municipal improvements?"
Of the answers received fully 97 per cent
were unqualifiedly in favor of the charter and
indorsed the plan of having the Merchants'
Association work actively for its adoption.
At the last annual meeting of the associa
tion the following resolulious were unani
mously adopted:
That the Election Commissioners be re
quested to place the charter question at the
head of the municipal ticket and to give the
advocates of the charter representation at the
election.
To both of these requests the Election Com
missioners have compiled.
At this annual meeting It was also unani
mously resolved to call a charter convention
to devise ways and means for securing the
adoption of the new charter. Inasmuch as
there is no large element, party or organiza
tion directly or individually benefited by tlie
adoption of the new charter, it could
hardly ba expected that active sup
port In its favor could be secured in the
usual political manner. It was therefore
decided by the Merchants' Association to take
up the charter and endeavor to secure for it,
not only the support oi every political party,
but als.o of those citizens who were little in
terested iv party politics.
It was decided to have the convention called
upon strictly non-partisan lines so as to draw
to the support of the charter ail classes of our
fellow-citizens. Especially would those citi
zens respond in this effort for the general wel
fare who were accustomed to devote much of
their time for the public benefit. Therefore,
many associations of a charitable, benevolent,
fraternal and social character are represented
in this convention.
The character of this convention shows that
the Merchants' Association has made no mis
take iv acting upon these lines, and the result
of the work of this convention will confirm
that belief.
Fully sixty-five organizations are repre
sented in this convention, from every locality,
calling and interest. Still others have prom
ised to join, and we may safely hope that
every public-spirited organization in San Fran
cisco will have representatives in this body.
The board ot directors fully realize that the
work so far done by the Merchants' Association
Is but tho skirmish in the good cause, and that
the real battle has only just begun. They arc
here now to turn over the campaign in frvor
of the charter to this convention and its
leadership to those officers whom you wiil
select.
The directors, as well as the members, of the
Merchants' Association will cheenully assist
you at all times. Its offices and employes are
at your service. We believe you can also count
upon the co-operation of all patriotic citizens
of this community. In conclusion we sin
cerely hope and trust that the hard work
which now awaits you will be so well per
formed that an improved City government,
prosperity of its citizens and the blessings of
such a change will surely be secured.
When Mr. Dohrmann concluded, M. H.
When Mr. Dohrmann concluded, M. H.
Hecht, on behalf of tue community, he
said, extended the sincere tnanks of the
people of San Francisco to Mr. Dohrmann
and through him to the Merchants' Asso
ciation for the consistent and persistent
efforts to give "this otherwise favored City
good government." He nominated James
D. Pbelan for temporary chairman of the
convention and that gentleman was unani
mously elected to that position of honor.
On taking up his duties of the evening Mr.
Phelan spoke as follows:
Gentlemen : This convention has been called
by tne Merchants' Association of San Fran
cisco for the purpose of bringing together in
conference representatives of all* business,
commercial, improvement, reform and other
organizations interested in providing good
government for the City of San Francisco.
There is no organization in our midst better
entitled to leadership in this movement than
the Merchants' Association, for it has fainy
won this distinction by work actually done
and reforms bravely inaugurated. It will be
the purpose of this convention to provide the
ways and means of favorably bringing to the
notice oi the voters the necessity of a reorgan
ization of our City Government and the ad
vantages which tliis charter presents over the
old law. On three other occasions the citi
zens Of San Francisco have endeavored to
adopt charters, but on each occasion the
charter presented was defeated on the face of
the returns. This result was due to the active
opposition of selfish interests against the
charter ana no organized advocacy of it; but
It is our duty, believing as we do that the
charter is of paramount importance to this
City, to change these conditions and to organ
ize for its support and to bring a knowledge
oi its beneficent provisions to the mind of
every citizen.
THE IMPORTANCE OF MUNICIPAL POLITICS.
J t is one of the surprising phenomena of our
politic? that the liveliest interest is taken in
National elections for President and members
of Congress, constituting the Federal Govern- |
ment. while but comparatively little interest!
is taken in municipal campaigns. And yet it I
is true that whereas the citizen comes in touch |
but ut few points with the Federal Govern- j
ment, he is daily feeling the hand of the muni
cipal government in one way or another. It
is not the Federal Police nor the Federal Fire
Department, nor the Federal Assessor nor the j
Federal Tax Collector that he knows in his re
lations with the Government, but it is the ;
municipal officer in these several departments |
that comes into his daily life. Honce a munici
pal charter providing for the government of a
city where dwell a large populaiion takes its j
rank side by Eide with the Federal constitu- |
tion as an instrument designed to protect the
individual, his life, liberty and property, and
to impose limitations upon the power of offl
cials, and to provide an orderly, effective and !
rational scheme ot government. So we cannot !
underestimate the value of a good municipal I
charter to the welmreof the people and tho |
prosperity ot the town. Now I ask you could i
there be a plan of government devised, enacted j
or Judge-mßde less consistent or more per- j
niciousiu its effects than the present govern- I
ment in the City and County of San Francisco? j
A CONSTITUTION OF RAGS AND PATCHES.
The consolidation act of Horace liaires was i
drafted many years ago for this City when it:
had a population of but 40,000. And it hus
been amended with little or no consistency by
the Legislature until we have an organic law
of rags^and patches, whicn nobody, not even
the highest court, pretends to understand.
Under the consolidation act the City for tome
time enjoyed such protection as the Mayor i
could give it against tlie rapacity of the boards I
of Supervisors which had practically unlim- I
ited power for evil. But the Supreme Court
has in recent years decided thut the veto
power of the Mayor, who formerly, with the
aid of four Supervisors, acted as a check upon
the extravagance and corruption of that Dody,
was no longer legal, and that all the good the
Mayors had done in the past was really accom
plished in defiance of the law. So the Mayor
cannot now veto the rates, for instance, fixed
by the Board of Supervisors, for the water sup
ply to tbe citizens, nor can he veto the tax
levy, which two years ago was fixed at $2 25,
an outrageous imposition, burdening property
with deb:, confiscating its income and depre
ciating its value.
We know that the municipal government of
San Francisco, as now provided for, has broken
down and cannot do its work. It is without I
pilot, chart or rudder, and flounders in a sea
6f doubt. There is no responsibility ; ttiere is
no accountability : there is no efficiency iv the
several departments; there is no honesty iv
administration ai;d no sincerity in serving the
public interests, and there is no power any
where to correct these abuses. The charter
gives that power. There is no serious de
fect in our government which has not been
met by the charter, and that is why it is pro
posed now and that is why we are here to ad
vocate it. We must ncv;, however, be blind to
the objections which have been made in good
faith against the new charter, but we must
endeavor to meet its opponents on common
ground and satisfy them if possible that their
objections are not valid. If we find that any
of the objections are based upon sound reason
and justice we must do all that we can do at
this time by saying to them that the charter
contains such a large measure of reform not
only necessary but vital to tbe well-being of
this City that honest ana fair-minded men
should not reject it. Deoause it is defective in a
few particulars. Where it Is defective we
must cure it by amendment. That is now the
only remedy.
A MODEL THAT WAS AMENDED.
The Federal constitution, which has been
held by all commentators on constitutional
law and by all historians as an instrument of
marvelous wisdom and consistency, has been
amended, although it requires an elaborate
process, not less than fifteen times. And I
would tike to impress upon the opponents of
the charter the history of the adoption of that
great instrument. It wa< adopted, as you will
remember, by a convention composed of rep
resentatives of the thirteen colonies which had
found the articles of federation under which
they were living inadequate and unsatisfac
tory, just as the people oi San Francisco have
found the consolidation act to-day; and a de
mand was lnaae ior a stronger and better form
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
of covernment. George Washington presided
over that convention. When their work was
accomplished and the draft adopted for Bub
mission to the several colonies, of which it
required the votes of nine to make It
effective, no less a man than Patrick Henry
vehemently opposed the instrument as drafted
on the ground that it contained no guarantee
for freedom of conscience and speech, tree
press, free assembly and the right of petition.
Whe:i finally it went to the several colonies
for their vote it was adopted unhesitatingly
t>y six or seven, but was opposed by a large
faction in Massachusetts, New York and Vir
t'inin. And in each of these coiouies the dc
bu'e turned upon this point, whether tney
would adopt it conditionally upon certain
amendments being first approved or whether
they would adopt it and offer in good faith the
amendments which they considered necessary,
and trust to their fellow-citizens to incorpor
ate them afterward In the constitution. It
was poiuted out, as it maybe pointed out to
you here, that the only course to pursue is
either to reject the constitution as a wnole or
adopt it aud labor afterward lor its amend
ment, and that is the only course for the citi
zens of San Francisco to pursue to-day. They
eitnerhave to adopt or reject the charter.
CAN AME2»D IHE CHARTER.
If ihey a-lopt it they can amend it at inter
vals of not le*s than two years, which corre
sponds with our periodical elections, by a vote
ci three-fifths of the people aud the approval
of the Legislature. The Federal constitution
was adopted by the vote of Virgiaia, and
Patrick Henry, its sternest opponent, said he
bowed to the will of the majority and that he
would submit his amendments in regular
form. And hence we find that tho glorious
constitution, in spite of honorable opposition,
was made the law of the land. Defective
though it was at first, it was perfected and
strengthened by the amendments which were
tL'Med to it by the awakening intelligence and
patriotism of the people; and mat amend
ment which was so aear to the hea» t of Patrick
Henry stands in the constitution to-day as its
very first amendment, providing that Congress
shall make no law respecting religion or pro
hibiting the free exercise thereof, nnd at the
same time guaranteeing free speech, free
press and free assembly and the right ot peti
tion.
When we consider the numerous defectß
which exist under our present -municipal sys
tem we should rejoice In having an oppor
tunity to cure them by the adoption of so wise
and sound an instrument as has been sub
mitted to us by the Freeholders. Under the
charter the City government is divided Into
executive departments and a local legislature.
The Supervisors under the new law will be
elected from the City at large, thus insuring
good men, and their duties will be purely
legislative.
THE MAYOR AS A DICTATOR.
The Mayor, like the President of the United
States, under the constitution, which is the
American system, is the head of the local eov
ernment, as he should be, with well defined
duties, nnd is made responsible to a very great
degree for the proper government of the muni
cipality. He has the appointment of all execu
tive boards, instead of the Governor, us under
the present law. He appoints a Board of Pub
lic Works, which absorbs the Superintendent
of Streets nnd the City and County Surveyor.
He appoints the City u;:d County Attorney and
the Public Administrator. All other places
are filled by election uniil the constitution is
amended giving him power to appoint certain
other officers, and such an amendment will bo
Constitutional Amendment No. 13, and
submitted to the people this year known as
should be adopted. But yet under the charter
the people practically lo>e no control, for they
stiil elect in nny event the important officers,
who give force ana direction to public policy.
They elect, and will continue to elect, the
Supervisors, the Auditor, the Treasurer, tho
A^-i.s-or, the District Attorney, the Sheriff, the
Superintendent of Schools and of course the
Judges of the Superior Court.
By electing these executive ana legislative
officers they can carry out their wishes as
freely aud as aDsolutely as they could possibly
do uiider the present law — aye, more so. And
hence this bugbear of the Mayor as a local dic
tator is true only in the sense that be can dic
tate to the executive officers of the government
the will of the people and hold them to a strict
accountability for the doing of their duty. If
he is a boss he is a boss to execute the will of
the people, not a boss to execute the machina
tions and seldsh designs of self-seekers and
corporations. The giving ot power to the
Mayor is in accordance with the best munici
pal experience of other cities, including New
York, Boston, St. Louis and Philadelphia,
which have all adopted charters during* the
last ler; years. It is the universal testimony
that a responsible head is far more conducive
to etticiency and honesty than a divided re
sponslbiiity, scattered among a horde of Su
pervisors, committees and petty officials. If
th.-re is any fear iv the mind of any one that
the Mayor is invested with too much power
the only way to reassure one's sell as to the^ad
vant.agt-s ot such a plan is to consult the ex
perience of other communities.
REFORMED CIVIL SERVICB.
But there is another feature introduced Into
the new charter which has found forcible ex
pression in the Federal Government and
which saves it from breaking down, by reason
of its own weight of inefficiency and'inexpe
rience arising from rotation in the groat
offices, and that is the reformed civil servile.
There is a civil service provided by the charter
which keeps men, irrespective of politics,
upon a list of eligibles, based upon competi
tive expmination in the duties which they will
be called upon to perform, and clerks ap
pointed under this system are protected even
against tho power of the Mayor, so long as they
show efficiency. They can be dismissed by
the Civil Service Commissioners only after a
full and fair hearing. This takes the danger
of patronage oat of the hands of the Mayor
and out of the hands of the several depart
ments, and insures the city competent clerks
familiar with their duties, and insures young
men growing up in this City honorable careers
in our municipal establishments, iv which
they should take a certain civic priae, instead
of being ashamed of their employment and
living in constant dread of dismissal and sub
sequent vagabondage. The civil service
under the old law is not only inefficient but it
is too often a dishonor and a disgrace.
Again when you reflect for a moment that
the Supervisors have within their power to
legislate for $350,000,000 of property it be
comes important that there be some organic
check upon their natural rapacity of voting
away the people's money for idle improve
ments and extravagant schemes. And so the
charter has provided that the tax levy shall
never exceed for the City purposes $1 07 on
the :?100, and that at the beginning ot each
iisc-Hl year the revenues raised by taxation
shall be separated into speritic fundsand shall
never be diverted for other purposes, which
guarantees a paid-up government without de
ficits for every two years. This provision is a
taJeguard which r.o betrayal of pledges can
circumvent, for any tax levy in excess of that
provided for in the charter will be illegal.
When improvements are contemplated of per
manent value to the City the charter provides
that three-fourths of the Supervisors and two
thin'.s of the people voting at a special election
may cause to be issued bonds redeemable in
notr.iore than lorty- years and at a rate not ex
ceeding 4 per cent, in order that posterity
which gets the benefit shall bear a part of the
burden.
THK BALANCE OF ARGUMENT.
I challenge any one to point out wherein the
charter as a whole is not a vast improvement
upon our present law. And, if such be shown,
twenty reasons may readily be given why the
charter should be adopied in spite of such ob
jections; and if such objection be good and
valid I would again say to the person so ob
jecting. In good faith, Do not, I pray you, con
demn the charter on that account, but give
this great measure of reform a fair trial and
cure its defects bj' amendment. Iv the same
manner we received tbe federal constitution
under which this great' country has lived and
prospered for over 100 years. It is impossible
to draft a charter which would be absolutely
free from defect and satisfactory to all alike.
And if we should vote against the charter and
be content to wait for a perfect and entirely
satisfactory scheme oi government to be
offered to us we would simply be vot
ing to perpetuate for an indefinite period
the unscientific, inconsistent, superannuated
and corrupting laws which now oppress our
people nnd bind the feet of the City's progress.
For it must be borne in mind, gentlemen, that
a vote apaiust the charter is in favor of the
present system, undei which we suffer; a sys
tem which lias summoned into life extra legal
bodies, commercial and improvement clubs
aiul grand juries in order to compel the chosen
officers of the people to do their duty, and to
restrain them wliere the law imposes no check
and fixes no responsibility. The present gov
ernment of San Francisco has broken down,
and to perpetuate it would be areflectlon upon
the civic pride and the civic capacity of the
people of this City, and be a williul crime
against good government, home and country.
The chairman's address was frequently
applauded, and its eloquent concluding
words were followed by long, continued
and hearty plaudits.
C. M. Boyd nominated J. Richard Freud
as temporary secretary and his election
was made by acclamation.
At the conclusion of the rollcall W. R.
Wheeler moved that as a reward for their
efforts as godfather of the new charter
movement tbe full board of directors of
the Merchants' Association be elected
members of the convention. The motion
was adopted.
On motion of James S. Conwell the fol
lowing were appointed as a committee to
nominate permanent officers and to draft
a constitution and by-laws: James S.
Conwell, Herbert E. Law, F. W. Van
Reynegom, C. A. Laton, Cclonel E. A.
Denicke. A recess was taken to permit
tlie committee to prepare its report.
Pending their report Horace Davis was
calied upon to address the assemblage.
He bepan by saying:
"I did aot come here to discusa the
merits of the proposed charter, as I am
not sufficiently posted ou it. I came here
to show my sympathy for the propoed
new instrument, and I desire to express
my satisfaction and gratification at the
character of the representatives present.
I am delighted to see such a fine and high
class of representatives."
He next referred to the patchwork char
acter of the consolidation act and de
clared its operation to be extravagant and
unsatisfactory in its results. Continuing,
he said :
"I want to see the government of this
City brought under the control of an in
telligent man. I think it is a good thing
to put power in the hands of a single
man. If you are not satisfied with him
you can get rid of him at the ?nd of two
years. While we have had solid nines
and solid eights, we have never had a man
in the Mayor's chair who has not proved
worthy of" the confidence placed in him.
"The one-man responsibility is the prin
ciple that pleases me. It has proved effec
tive in other large cities, and particularly
in the city of Brooklyn. This is why I
am anxious to see this charter adopted.
If it has any defects we can amend it."
In conclusion he mggested that young
men be put to the front to do the work
and that the old men be called upon for
advice if it is needed.
Chairman Con well of the committee on
permanent organization reported the fol
lowing list of nominations: President,
James D. Phelan; first vice-president, M.
11. Hecht; second vice-president, Horace
Davis; third vice-president, A. S. Bald
win; treasurer, Isador Gutte; secretary,
J. Richard Freud; sergeant-at-arms,
George "VValcotn. The recommendations
were unanimously adopted.
The same committee reported a consti
tution and by-laws, which were adopted.
It provides that:
This organization shall be known as the
Citizens' Charter Association of San Francisco.
Its sole object shall be to devise all reason
able and honorable ways and means for secur
ing the ratification of the proposed new char
ter by the people on November 3 of this year,
and its subsequent approval by the Legislature
of the State.
Any organization of San Francisco declaring
itself in favor of the new charter and accepta
ble to the committee on membership may be
represented in this association by the appoint
ment of two of its members as delegates.
The association shall hold regular meetings
every second and fourth Thursday evening of
each month previous to November 3 of this
year, and special meetings at the call of the
president.
Twenty-five delegates shall constitute a
quorum at the meetings of the association.
The following six standing committees com
posed of five delegates each shall be ap
pointed by the president: Credentials and
additional membership, finance and auditing,
press and publication, meetings and speakers,
law and legislation, platforms of parties and
the election.
It was decided that the next meeting
should not be held until a week from to
day, so as to give the president of the con
vention time to make up the personnel of
the various standing comn>lttees.
Considerable merriment waß created by
a delegate making a motion that the Mer
chants' Association be asked to meet all
expenses of the convention pending the
appointment of the finance committee.
He declared he was a member of an asso
ciation that had for its object the relief of
the sick, and that it was not prepared to
he assessed in the interests of tiie new
charter.
This brought 1. J. Truman to his feet,
who asserted that the gentleman's society
could find no worthier object to expend
its funds upon than San Francisco, as this
City was just now a very sick man.
It was finally decided to place the ques
tion of finances in the hands of the proper
committee.
Adjournment was taken until a week
from this evening.
RECEPTION TO TURNERS
Red Fire and Music Greet
Conquering Heroes From
Sauta Cruz.
Mission Tarn Verein Celebrates— A
Returning Delegation Cheered
"The Call"
A reception to the members of the Mis
sion Turn Veiein returning from the six
teenth annual turnfest at Santa Cruz was
given last evening at the Mission Turn
Verein Hall, on Eighteenth street, between
Valencia and Guerrero. The Mission
Turn Verein won twenty-on« prizes at
Santa Cruz.
F. H. Fricke, treasurer, went out to San
Mateo on the afternoon train and joined
tne returning members of the society
there. He held them at Ocean View til',
about 8 o'clock when all, accompanied by
Hencke's band, took streetcars for the
hall. They inarched down Eighteenth
street in procession, carrying torches and
headed by the band. Roman candles and
red fire were burned as they approached
the hall.
C. F. Sperlinp, president of the Mission
Turn Verein, welcomed the winners in a
speech in German. In brief he said:
In the name of tbo members and ladies we
give you a welcome, and you may be assured
that the welcome is hearty. You have ful
filled our wishes, our hopes and our desires,
which we placed witn you when you went
away. You have shown to other turn vereins
that the Mission is also able to accomplish
something. The work and labor that you nave
undergone in preparation for the result shows
was hibor well performed. Only he who has
taken an active part iv the prize winning can
know what labor it costs to win a prize.
Therefore you can be proud of what you have
accomplishea. Do not rett on your laurels,
but continue in the course begun, and achieve
better results in the future, and this will De
shown in the next bezirk turnfest.
I would recommend the younger members
to join our active training section, and follow
tbe example set by our worthy Fred Hauser,
who has returned crowned with prizes in both
physical and mental departments. I wish you
alia "Gutheil."
The address of the president was
cheered, and then all fell to a substantial
"commers," which, translated, means a
spread with liquid refreshments. After
this was disposed of there were songs.
The Mission Turn Verein took five first
prizes in the different classes. The prize
winners were: RudolDh Moll, three prizes;
William Barth, two prizes; Fritz Hauser,
two prizes, and John Vermehren, F. Ast,
J. Long and Messrs. Kreuz, Steinbruck,
Oppermann, Garms, Schuppert, Nickel,
Noetbig and Messerth one prize each.
When addressed by President Sperling
they wore the wreaths of laurel.
At the reception there were expressions
of appreciation of the attention paid by
The Call to the turnfest, and a delega
tion of Turners returning from banta
Cruz on the narrow-gauge railroad stopped
in front of the Market-street business
office last evening and cheered their favor
ite newspaper.
A NOTORIOUS PICKPOCKET.
Annie Plckett Convicted on the Charge
of Vagrancy*
Annie Pickett, one of the most notorious
pickpockets in the City, was convicted of
vagrancy before Judge Conlan yesterday.
She was ordered into custody and her
bonds were fixed at $1000 so that she
would not have a chance of being re
leased.
She was arrested on Stockton street last
week while plying her vocation on old
gentlemen with the assistance of a young
girl, who acted as her decoy. The young
girl made her escape, but tne police have
an accurate description of her and her ar
rest is only a matter of time.
Some Good Tennla.
One of the events of the season In tennis
circles will be the match game in doubles to
take place at tbe California Club's courts next
Saiurday, the 15th, at 2:30 P. M. The players
will be Sam Hardjr and Thomas Driscoll of
Oakland and G. F. and R. N. Whitney of the
California Club. As these players are the best
four on the coast, tho match promises to be a
very hotly contested one.
EUGENE F, LOUD
THE FAVORITE.
Magnificent Demonstration
in Honor of the Con
gressman.
TWO CLUBS TAKE PART.
His Renomination Ratified Amid
Enthusiasm and Ap
plause.
A FLEA FOE EQUAL SUFFRAGE.
Eloquent Speeches, Stirring Music and
Blazing Bonfires Signalize
the Event.
Eugene F. Loud, the Republican nom
inee for re-election to Congress, received
an ovation last night, the like of which
has seldom, if ever, been witnessed in this
city. Bonfires blazing about the Mission
Opera Hall made the balmy night as light
as day, while a number of brass bands dis
coursed patriotic and classic musical se
lections in spirited and artistic style.
The interior of the hall was magnifi
cently decorated, long streamers of rose
colored crape extending from the elaborate
center piece to the cornice which tops the
four walls. In the spaces between the
graceful draperies hung Japanese lanterns
and small American flags.
The stage was hung with the National
colors, which grouped their folds about a
life-size portrait of William McKinley and
the handsome bine banner of the Thirty
nfth Assembly District Republican Club,
which joined* the Thirty-fourth District
Club in the popular demonstration.
F. J. Hurst, president ot the last named
club, occupied the chair, witii E. W.
Eustice, the secretary, R. B. Bartlett, the
treasurer, Charles H. Mayer, chairman of
the executive committee, George W. Elder,
chairman of the finance committee, and
the following ikui.ch vice-presidents, mar
shaled by Dr. E. L. Mulligan, their chair
man :
From the Thirty-fourth Assembly District-
Percy Beamish, Hon. Eugene F. Bert, Hon.
John L. Boone, Charles Mayer, Hon. John T.
Broderick, Cord Wetjen, William Patterson,
George W. Elder, W. W. Whan, William
Cnshman, J. E. Elkir.gton, E. E. Smith,
State central committeeman; P.. Schlueter,
county committeeman; John Jackson,
county committeeman; H. G. Krasky,
James Smiley, George Dietterle, Dr.
E. L. Mulligan, Z. L. Barber, G-orge Burk
hardt, J. Hanson, W. J. Kirkwood, Fred
Grimes, F. M. Zetsing, D. J. Kelly, Wil
liam Cairns, William A. Brown, William
Lowenberg, George C. Weir, Angus Me
l>eod, Henry Tonnemacher, Dr. P. F. C.
Beihl. George Rutz, Judge G. C. Groe
zinger, Claus Schroeder, J. K. C. Hobbs,
H. C. Henderson, Joseph Scheidel, Harry
Beasley, F. L. Griffith, Z. T. Colby, D. L. Mun
son, C.C. Butt, John Linehan, John McGinnis,
Walter Lucas, I. J. Truman, C. E. Esterbrook,
Del. B. Bowley, John Lyatt, F. D. Mullins,
P. J. Gordon, W. T. Rogers, A. Doble, Charles
Reno, William Casey, J. W. Madden, E. Gal
lagher, William Chas'-- and F. W. Hndley.
From the Thirty-fifth District— Jonn D.
Daley, I. H. Thompson, John T. Dare, V. F.
Northrop. C. M. Depew, R. H. Stafford, C. L.
Hedemark, James McKnight, D. F. Muiville,
J. W. Murphy, Perry J. Smith, W. W. Mscey,
M. J. McPherson, E. A. Grant, J. N. Kcwe,
Buron Kelley, P. C. Francis, E. H. Herrick,
Dr. E. N. Torfello, H. Collins, G.W. Debenham,
W. R. Plumb. D. 1. Xewkirk, Elgin McXab,
George Dean) R. B. Fredericks, A. J. Styche, J.
M. Rhodes, P. J. Hyde, 8. Gamble, J. F. Butler,
W. A. Newbert, A. P. Van Duzer.
The following-named gentlemen, com
prising the committee on arrangements,
also occupied seats on the platform:
F. J. Hurst, E. B. Smith, William Ca«hman,
George W. Elder, W. W. Whan, Cord Wetjen,
E. W. Eustice anu C. C. Butt.
Miss Susan B. Anthony, Miss Mary E.
Hay, Mrs. A. A. Sargent, Mrs. Sweet, Mrs.
Cramer and a number of other ladies
prominent in the woman suffrage move
ment, arrived just before the meeting
opened, and were preparing to take mod
estly retired seats in the auditorium, when
Mr." Hurst called them to the platform,
where they were placed in the front row
of chairs.
In his opening address Mr. Hurst re
ferred to the object of the mass-meeting,
the ratification of Mr. Loud's nomination,
as one which might well call forth a burst
of popular enthusiasm.
He said he did not care to speak of the
eminent statesman's qualities in his very
presence, and hence would introduce him
and let him speak for himself.
"The Democratic party," said Mr. Loud
in his masterly address, "proposes to
remedy all the present financial stringency
by means of the free coinage of silver.
The Republican party will doubtless re
habilitate silver as soon as it may be safe
to do so, ana in so far as it may be pru
dent. Every civilized country has been
obliged in some form or other to demon
etize silver.
"No country can have a fluctuating
standard of coinage value. How can we
allow men to go to the mint with 50 cents'
worth of silver and come away with it
stamped with a dollar mark?
"Back of all this talk about the money
question is the fact of supply and demand,
the law which regulates all things created.
Fifty or sixty years ago the production of
silver was next to nothing in comparison
with the output of to-day, and yet even
then the market had its fluctuations.
Now that the production has so vastly in
creased, and silver is so depreciated in
value, it can no longer serve as a firm and
stable medium of exchange.
"An evening pajier says the Govern
ment can put any value it pleases upon its
coins, though they be of iron. If this be
true, let us join with our Populist friends
and stand up for a monetary system of
paper."
Mr. Loud gave a concise but lucid state
ment of the Republican view of the tariff
question, and in a stirring resume of re
cent political history called upon his
hearers to recollect the sort of men which
the Republican party had placed in power
and urged them to do their best to help
that party to win.
The band played "The Battle Cry of
Freedom," after which Mr. Eustice, the
secretary, read the following resolutions,
which were unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The Fifth Congressional District
Convention has wisely deemed it for tho best
interests of the Republican party to renom
inate lor Congress the Hon. Eugene F. Loud,
a man who has led the party to success in this
district through three successive hotly con
tested campaigns; and whereas, the exigency
of tbe times calls for Representatives in Con
gress men of sterling worth, recognized abil
ity and, above all, those who will carry out
the instructions of thoir constituents; and
whereas, the aforesaid convention has given
us a candidate in whom these necessary quali
ties are embodied, as Is attested by the follow
ing facts, to wit:
His sterling worth, by procuring through
his labor and influence the passage of meas
ures in the House And Senate that have re
sulted in the improvement of our harbor and
postal system; and also measures that will
enable tae miners of this State to resume oper
ations in the hydraulic mines, thereby giving
employment to thousands and reopening
districts winch now lie dormant, owing to ad
verse legislation which shut down their
mines; his recognized ability, by his appoint
ment to the chairmanship of one of the most
important committees in Congress, namely,
the Committee on Postofßces and Postroads;
his inclination to obey the instructions of his
constituents, by voting against the funding
bill; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we the members of the Thirty
fourth Assembly District Central Republican
Club, in mass-meeting assembled, do hereby
indorse tne nomination of the Hon. Eugene F.
Loud, and pledge to him^ihe support of this
club through its influence, labor and votes.
Whebeas, Tlie Republican party has through
its convention held in St. Louis selected the
Hon. William G. McKinley and the Hon. Gar
rat Hobart to lead our party to victory at the
polls in November next and thereby inaugu
rate a regime that will give employment to the
woikingman, renew the confidence of the busi
ness man in the ability of the Government to
protect bis investments and stimulate into life
our industries, which are now fast going to de
cay through the free-trade fnllacy of the Demo
cratic party; and whereas, it has been demon
strated that a high protective tariff ia condu
cive to good times, the prosperity and happi
ness of our people nnd the circulation of suffi
cient money to carry on the vast business of
this Natirn: therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the members of theThirty
fonrth Assembly District Central Republican
Club, do hereby indorse the nominees of the
St. Louis convention and the platform upon
which they stand.
Whereas, Claus Spreckels has been nom
innted by the Fifth Congressional District
Convention for Presidential Elector, and
whereas Mr. Spreckels is a gentleman for
whom the public hns a high regard, and is a
man who bas by his enterprise added much to
the fame ot our State, therefote be it
Resolved, My the members of the Thirty
fourth Assembly District Central Republican
Club that we do hereby indorse the nomina
tion of Ciaus Spreckels.
Whereas, Tho Superintendent of Streets
office is one that requires at its head an ex
perienced and capatile official, one who has
the ability find honesty to carefully transact
the enormous business of that office and make
a faithful account of the vast sums of money
handled by it; and whereas George \\ .
Elder has shown by the conduct of the atlairs
of the office of street expert that his knowl
edge of street work aptly fits him for the
duties of Superintendent of Streets, therefore
"Resolved, By the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District Central Republican Club that George
W. Elder is our choice lor Superintendent of
Streets, and should he receive the nomination
we pledge the club to his support.
Major Charles W. Kyle, the next
speaker, expressed his conviction that Mr.
Loud would be returned to Congress. He
said .Mr. Loud had done more for Cali
fornia than any other Congressman from
the Pacific Coast. He paid a glowing
tribute to the Hon. Claus Spreckels on ac
count of his distinguished services to the
laboring element "of this country. He
gave a detailed and spirited talk on the
tariff and monetary issues, his remarks
on protection being particularly well re
ceived. His eloquent plea lor woman suf
frage was cheered to the echo.
The Hon. John T. Dare said he had
lived long enough in the Mission to raise
voters and had always been known as a
stanch Republican. He had been called a
"sorehead" because he had missed the
nomination to Congress, but repelled the
insinuation as a wanton calumny. It
would always be his pride and joy to sup
port the candidates of his party. He
gave a few cogent reasons wny workmen
should look to the Republican party as
their best friend, and urged his audience
to vote the RepuDlican ticket in Novem
ber.
Miss Anthony's introduction was the
signal for a prolonged burst of cheering.
She quoted Lincoln's famous words to
the effect that no man is good enough to
govern another without his consent.
"If Abraham Lincoln were alive now,"
she proceeded, "he woula say no man is
good enongn to govern any woman with
out her consent. Yet here in these United
States the privilege of ti e ballot is denied
to half the citizens, and that half the one
which you men call the better half. The
native-born Chinamen can wield a power
which you withhold from your mothers,
wives and sisters.
"Men of California, can it be that one of |
you will refuse to vote for woman suffrage? j
I have come here to plead with you in i
behalf of beings whom you love and
regard. Will you wait rough-shod over
their hopes, and crush their aspirations
for the liberty which foreigners and boys
of twenty-one years enjoy without the j
asking? The crown oi citizenship is I
placed at the feet of every adult male born j
or naturalized in this country. But the i
American boy's mother, the American
man's wife, daughter and sister, must
tight for the prize. Will you, voters of
this district, can you have rhe heart to
thrust your dear ones aside from the goal
to which you have attained?"
Andrew Branch made a brief but spirited
address in which sound facts auci figures
were illustrated by anecdotes which kept
the audience in roars of laughter, even
while it applauded the speaker's eloquent
and forceful defense of Republican princi
ples.
The night was far advanced when the
NEW TO-DAY.
For Bilious and Nervous disorders such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache,
Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings
of Heat, Loss of appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed
Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc., when these symptoms
are caused by constipation, as most of them are. THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RE-
LIEF IX TWENTY JIIXITKS. : This is no fiction. -Every sufferer is earnestly invited to
try one box of these Pills and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as directed, will quickly restore females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregularities of the system. Fora ' ■ ■
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic— a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs, strengthening the
muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen edge of appetite,
and arousing with the Kosebuil of Uea'th the whole physical energy of the human
frame. These are facts admitted by thousands, in all classes of society, and one of the best
guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is that Beecbam's Pills have the Largest
Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
25c. at Drug Stores, "or will be sent by U. S. Agents, B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
York, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application.
9 ••"■■ O
* Ic^^^O^l^S iillilfiii *k* s y ear i Q valuable * ■
» _. _ "•  i coupons inside each 4-ounce g
g_ f The -Best bag. Buy a bag, read the coupon o
» SiTlOklngTobaccO Made and see how to get your share, g
Ii^AJI V ifiPftß W39S DR - "HALL'S REIJVIGORATOR
IWlMflv HI Ifll IK iWrniWl THIS SECRET KKMEDY .tom
■"■■■■«■■■ Wi IUUIi PH BH all losses in 24 hours. Restores
•^'•'^•'•'yli'''"' ■!?-'' j'. : '*' ■■ . . B_Z '" Hj Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
rtFTFtttn^'*^ f)NCG MORE in harmony i ■B| Bfl cur< * Emissions, linpotency, Varico-
! ||! «m with the "world. 2000 i l^ffl 7t 1 cele,' Gonorrhoea^ Gleet. Fits, Stric-
' !'JiT completely cured men aro I ||!1J iiiill turps, Blood Disease and all wasting
1 k«>&*.Y\ eincillK haunv nraißM fnf MBS ■ effects of elf- Abuse or Excesses.
I , Til 7 > tbelreat^ft lOr, faf&rmH* & Sent sealed. •■> per boule, THRKK
?4iJllaS2^=t&a ','- «it „„} vu t >K rana - ■' BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure any case.
fr~£rZ3sSS§s3JiSv cst and most sue- dr. hall's medical institute,
! TnnTffiftßS^&W cesaful cure for sex- . . 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cat.
,\fl ! I il!/sVoNSo«? JiaJL . weakness ■ and • All private diseases quickly cured. Send for
1 uK\ v&Sjl'^K. lost vigor known to free book. ».-
11l Kr^c^^yY^^jgVv medical science. An ~ ; — " —
ii i j*>" V account of this wtfn- • _. ■ ■'
CS^L /^ZvM^rJr dcrfttl discovery, in OOSMOFOIjIT AN.
>N&!\"firF*Ks*r form, with ref- • >•' - R ' '
; ~^^ - TdK^TV- J*^ en>Qces and proofs Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 &nd 102 Fifth st., Han
"■ . •- ■ " will be sent to suf- Francisco, — The most sslect famllv hotel in
rering men (sealed) tree. Full manly vip-or the clt Bo «rd and room fl, $1 25 and «i 60 per
permanently restored. Failure imDossibl£ day, according to room. Meals 25c Kooms 50c
tßiriiF«iii..»« * a" 11 " impossible. and 75c a day. Free coach » ana from the hotel.
EniC PjiEDin^L fifl RllPPfllfl M V Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos
•■•"W "UUIUf.L UU.,UUrrHLU,n. I, 1 ; mopolitan Hotel. t'AHKV, Proprietor.
vast assemblage, which had packed the
hall to the doors, not to Bpeak of the hun
dreds turned away, dispersed with three
rousing cheers for Mr. Loud.
A PATRIOTIC SOCIAL
Enthusiastic Gathering of Repub
lican Men and Women at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
There was an enthusiastic gathering last
night in Odd Fellows' Hall of earnest Re
publicans of both sexes. It was of a mixed
social and political character, under the
auspices of the Woman's Republican State
Central Club.
The stage was set to represent a garden
scene and was adorned with pictures of
Major William McKinley and other dis
tinguished patriots and statesmen.
Colonel T. V. Eddy, president of the Phoe
nix Club, presided.
Five-minute addresses advocating the
Republican protective policy and compli
mentine the zeal of the ladies' club were
made by Addie L. Ballon, its president,
Judge M. Cooney, J. E. Field, F. D. \\ orth,
president of the Continental League,
and Benjamin McKinley, a cousin of the
Presidential nominee.
The Lyra Zither Club and the California
Quartet contributed choice musical selec
tions and Miss Marjorie McKinley, 18
months old, was installed formally as the
mascot of the club.
It was a patriotic and successful social
and was concluded with a dance. To
nignt Mrs. Ballou will speak before th«
Army and Navy Republican League in
Oakland. It is ladies' night, and ail are
I invited from both sides of the water.
THE LINCOLN CLUB.
A New and Enthusiastic Organiza-
tion In the Thirty-First.
The Republicans of the Thirty-first As
sembly District held a rousing meeting at
115 Tenth street last evening for the pur
pose of forming a' club in that locality.
A propitious start was made, and the
new organization was named the Lincoin
Club of the Thirty-first Assembly District.
The officers are: R. W. McCanu, presii
aent; A. A. Bandamar, vice-president; F.
J. Klenck, secretary; A. W. Windier,
treasurer; J. A. Donohoe, financial secre
tary, and P. H. Hartman, sergeant-at
arms. Tne executive committee is com
posed of A/ A. Bandamar, Thomas Crippe
and Joseph Donohoe.
Speecnes were made by: R. W. Mc-
Oann, A. A. Bandamar, A. W. Mend.'er,
F. J. Klenck and Thomas Granani. Reci
tations were given by A. Deitrich and P.
Dugan. Songs were sung by Thomaa
Crippe, H. Hnhn and F. Frerichs.
Tne meeting adjourned, to convene
every Wednesday evening, after three
rousing cheers for McKinley and J. D.
Spreckels.
OPHIR LODGE NO. 21.
It Celebrated Its Forty-First Anniver-
Gary Last -Night "With a Jolly
Banquet,
Ophir Lodge No. 21 of the Independent
Order of B'nai B'rith celebrated its forty
first anniversary la3t night by a banquet
in Benevolence Hall. This is the oldest
lodge on the Pacific Coast, having been
instituted in AugU3t, 1855.
Past President Simon was toastmaster,
and the several toasts proposed were re
sponded to as follows:
"Ophir Lodge," response by William
Saalburg, the oldest member; "District
Grand Lodee No. 4," by Grand President
Eddie I. Wolff; "Constitution Grand
Lodge," by Past Grand President T. N.
Choynski; "Our Sister Lodges," by
President A. L. Badt; "The Order at
Large," by Joseph Bien. *
An address was made by Past Grand
President Jacob Greenebaum. Plates were
laid at the banquet tabie for 180 guests
and the hours were pleasantly and quietly
passed in fraternal jrood-fellowship and
social enjoyment.
His Daring Ride.
Conn Fredericks made a successful ride on
his bicycle last night at the Chutes amid a
scene of great enthusiasm. The feat will be re
peated every nicht this week and on Sunday,NEAGLE "AIN'T
NO BUFFIAN,"
So He Announced Before
Judge Low Yesterday
Morning.
TRIED TO RUN THINGS.
Pleads Guilty to Collins' Charge
of Assault and
Battery.
THREATENS ATTORNEY REED.
Warns Sketch Artists Not to Draw
His Picture — Case Continued
to This Morning.
David NeaKle, the Bouthern Pacific man
who recently threatened Editor Barry of
The Star, was up before the police court
yesterday forenoon on charges of battery
and breach of the peace. On Wednesday
of last week he forcibly moved A. J.
Collins, a peddler of knife and razor
sharpeners, away from the entrance to tbe
railroad offices, and immediately after he
took the peddler by the throat and banged
his head against the stoneworu of tbe
railroad huiiding, corner of Montgomery
and Market streets. Neagle pleaded guilty
to the charge of battery, but asked that
the charge of disturbing the peace be dis
missed as superfluous.
If ne hoped to hare the case quietly dis
posed of with only a fine contributed from
the coffers of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, he was disappointed. There were
unexpected and interesting developments
in store for the expectant crowd that had
gathered in the small courtroom of De
partment 4.
Charles Wesley Reed, the attorney, was
there and immediately interposed an ob
stacle to the Neagle plan by requesting that
he be permitted to introduce witnesses to
show the nature and extent of the battery.
"I have pleaded guilty. That is all there
is to it," declared the irate defendant.
Judge Low confessed, however, that he
was ignorant of the whole case and evinced
a wiliineness to be enlightened on the sub
ject of the battery.
William M. Cubery, a dignified looking,
elderly gentleman, was called to the stand
Dave Neagle, Who Pleaded Guilty and Wonld Like to Let It Go at That.
as a witness for the peddler. He told in
substance the following Ptory :
"I was on the corner of Market and
Montgomery at 2 o'clo«k that afternoon.
I saw a crowd of about 200 persons near
tbe railroad building. There was a man
opening the small valise of the peddler.
Then be closed it and grasped the ped
dler in a brutal manner by the coat and
by the collar and pushed him along
toward the Market-street corner of tne
building. Then I saw him dash the mans
head against the stone — azain3t the stone
wall — two or three times. He seemed to
have his nands on the man's throat. All
the vrtiile the peddler appeared very sub
missive. I wondered at it and I asked a
bystander what tbe matter was."
"How is it you could see around the
corner?' interrupted .Neagle at the sug
gestion of some one standing behind him.
"I followed you step by step during this
dress parade," replied the witness. "I
saw him strike the man's bead against the
wall,'' he continued.
"If your Honor please." blurted out the
impetuous Neagle, again prompted from
the rear, "he just said there were 200 peo
ple on the 3treet, and if he could see
through that crowd he's a-doing more
taan I could a-done; that's all."
A. J. Collins, tbe plaintiff, was called.
"1 was at the entrance of the railroad
bu.ldinc selling razor paste about 2 o'clock
last Wednesday afternoon," he said, "and
Mr. Huntington came along. I didn't
epeac to him. He made some remark
about it and I said, 'Sir, I have no objec
tion to speaking to you, but I have never
receivtd any kind treatment from the
railroad.' Then this man Neagle inter
posed and said, 'That's enough of that,'
and he grabbed me. I said, 'You mind
your own business,' and he said, 'That's
just what I'm a-doing.'
"I walked down a few feet and I said to
Mr. Hnntiugton: 'You're responsible for
this. You told him to do it.' With that
Neagle grabbed me by the neck and
ruaned me along the sidewalk. At the ,
corner I grabbed the railing. Then he ;
banged my head against the building
twice, and he said: 'I'll kill you, you |
; I'll kill you, you
"Up to that time I supposed he was an
Neagle Strenuously Objects to Having Newspaper Artists Reproduce His Features.
officer. Then I called for some one to call
an officer."
Here Neagle again burst in and de
manded: "Did Mr. Reed go and dig you
up and get you to make this complaint?"
"No, sir," answered the peudler, "I saw
this case about the attack on Barry, and
t^at this Mr. Cubery said he was willing
to come and testify about this other case,
and so I came myself."
The defendant, Xeagle, emerged from
the crowd and took the witness-chair on
his own behalf. "I heard," he began,
"that this man was around there all
the forenoon a-shaking a razor and
a-tnreaieninjr. I just put my hand on
him and run him around the corner away
from the crowd. As far a? butting his
head against the buildinz I didn't do
notning of the kind.''
Fortunately for Neagle he had not come
to court relying implicitly upon the effect
of bis plea of guilty. He had a tew trump
cards in reserve.
"Judge S. C. Denson," announced the
clerk as the second witness for the defense
took the chair.
"Yes, 1 saw an occurrence that day,"
said the new witness. "I had walked
' down the north side of Post street after
I luuch and had turned to the north on \
! Montgomery — toward the entrance to the i
j railroad building— when I observed a man \
: with a knife sharpening it on a strap or a j
! piece of wood with some kind of emery j
powder on it. I think it was a yellow- !
handled jack knife. He was faced toward
Market street He turned back north and
when Mr. Huntington and I bad reached
: the steps to the building this gentleman ;
. then closed the knife, put it in the satchel .
and closed the satchel.
"I do not know who spoke first, but I
, remember Huntington called him Collins.
I I believe he had had some claim against
j the railroad and had not been given an op
portunity to prosecute it. The conversa- I
tion was not loud. Collins grew a little !
! emphatic, and to some of his statements i
I Huntington would say at times, 'That's i
not so.' After we had been standing for a j
few moments I noticed a gentleman stand- j
I me at our side and giving close attention.
, It was Mr. Neagle. Finally he stepped up ■
; to this gentleman and took hold of Col- i
lins' arm ana turned him rourd by taking ;
i hold of his wrist with the other hand, and
: he walked him off perhaps ten steps,
i There were some words, but I couldn't
| hear what was said.
"Well, as they got off Neagle removed J
! his hand from the arm and put it on the !
neck of Collins, but he did not seem to :
j give it a violent squeeze. What occurred j
! after that I do not know, as Mr. Hunting- j
j ton stepped into the building and I turned j
i and went up Montgomery street."
H. E. Hnntington, the nephew of Collis
: P., was called for. There was a niove
-1 ment, a shuffling of the courtroom crowd,
■ and out of that human deck of cards came i
! another of Neagle's trumps. He took the j
stand.
"Mr. Huntington, yon are in the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific?" asked At
torney Reed, and the crowd grinned.
"Well, yes, just at present," replied the j
nephew of his uncle, as he beamed upon '■
the group of faces before him.
"I won't have any of that, and I'm j
a-going to stop it," muttered some one in j
the crowd near the rail. It was Mr. Neagle
and he was threatening to do up a news
paper artist, wao untii that moment he had
not observed sketching the Neagle coun- j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
tenance. The man from behind, who had |
before given valuable suggestions again '
■ came to the assistance of the man who j
j does not wish to be sketched and called
' Mr. Neagle's attention to another arlist on
! the other side of the room. The Neagle
I ire was rising, 4ot his threatening finger
| would not be noticed by the more distant
■ offender.
But just then Mr. Neasjle's attention \
: was called in another direction. Mr. ,
Reed was asking, "Do you know the de- j
i fendant, Mr. Neagle? What is Mr. Neagle's j
i employment? Do you know his reputa
i tion."
That was too much for the distressed
] defendant. He forgot the artists. He
1 stormed forth, "I don't see what my repu
; tation has got to do with it, your Honor.
j 1 pleaded guilty to this cnarge. I ain't |
I eot no attorney here. I'll get an attorney
j and come back again. It's a scheme to
1 make political capital."
"Your Honor," interposed Reed, after
] several attempts to make himself heard, i
1 "if Mr. >Tea«rle is employed a3 a bouncer \
and is a ruffian I want to show it."
■•I ain't no ruffian. I " But some one
restrained the impulsive Mr. Neagle as he
was moving threateningly toward Reed.
The Judge was pounding vigorously j
with his gavel. "I won't have anything
IBM this in this court. This case is con
| tinned until to-morrow at 10 o'clock. I
won't hear anything more. Call the next
case. I won't have any man come into |
this court and try to run things."
BRAUNSCHWEIGER'S MIND
Judge Sanderson Decides That
Sadie Nichols' Husband Is
Not Insane.
He Is Irrational When He Is Intoxi
cated, but Not a Subject for
an Asylum.
Herman Braunschweiger Jr. was before
Judge Sanderson yesterday on a charge of
insanity preferred by his father. Braun
schweiger is the young man who a few
days ago went on a spree and married
Sadie Nichols, the keeper of an Eddy
street lodging-house. Mrs. Braun
schweiger Jr. was in court yesterday and
testified in her husband's behalf.
The mother of the accused testified that
her son is 24 years of age; has at times
had an over-fondness for drink, and that
she considered him weak-minded. Thia
mental weakness, she says, is worse when
he is drinking. She considers that his
impaired intellect is due to an attack of
heart trouble, which the young man ex
perienced when a boy. Last May young
Braunschweiger went to the Home of the
Inebriates for treatment for the liquor
habit, since which time he has held him
self straight until last week, when he
again began to drink heavily, and during
his spree married Sadie Nichols.
Mrs. Braunschweiger said she feared
I that Herman might commit suicide, as he
1 bad said he felt very bad over tlifi shame
i l.c had brought on his family. The father
I of the young man also was fearful as to
' his son's life.
Braunschweiger Br. testified that when
| his son was drinking he did not know
; what he was doing. He said that if the
j young nan haa been sober he would never
| have married Sadie Nichols. The witness
; reluctantly acknowledged that there was
'■ a taint of insanity in the family, and said
he devired to have his son placed in some
institution where he could be taken care of.
William Craig, an attorney, and an old
friend of the family, testified that two
cousins of Herman Braunschweiger Sr.
had committed suicide while confined in
j an asylum, and that an uncle of the ac
i cused" was now confined in Folsom prison,
I because of a forgery committed while ter
n porarily deranged.
The accused spoke in his own behalf,
i saying that he had been drinking before
I the marriage and afterward, but that he
was sober when the ceremony was per
formed. He claimed to be sane and said
!he could take care of himself. He ac
knowledged having taken treatment for
j the liquor habit.
Sadie Nichols, or Mrs. Braunschweiger
Jr., corroborated her husband's testimony
as to his condition at the time of the
wedding. Bhe said it was not a hasty
marriage, but that the matter had been
j talked over between herself and her hus
! band several times before. She did not
! believe him insane and had never noticed
anything to indicate that snch was a fact.
Judge Sanderson, after listening to all
! the evidence, ordered the prisoner re
leased. His Honor said that, although
the young man might be irrational when
drinking, he was no fit subject for an in
sane asylum.
Braunschweiger Jr. at once left the
courtroom with his wife.
• — ♦ — • ,
TAXES MAY BE INCREASED.
The StS'e Board of Equalization Wants
Information on the Matter.
Clerk John A. Russell of the Board of
Supervisors received a notification yester
day from the State Board of Equalization
that the county board must appear at Sac
ramento on Wednesday, the 19th inst., to
show canse why tbe assessed valuation of
San Francisco property as determined by
the local board should not receive a hori
zontal raise. Chairman Taylor of the
Finance Committee ot the board will
probably represent the Supervisors.
ANOTHER CREW
ACCOUNTED FOR,
The Little Schooner Prosper
Arrives at Hope
City.
WAS GIVEN UP AS LOST.
Members of the Expedition De
nounce the Originator of
the Scheme.
GOLD IS SCARCE IK ALASKA.
No One Suffered, but All Were Anx
ious to Get Away From
the Mines.
The little schooner Prosper has been
heard from. She reached a remote part
of Cooks Inlet and, in spite of all reports
to the contrary, made fair weather of it
during the entire trip. Neither Captain
•Holm, the Merchants' Exchange or any
one in shipping circles had received any
news of her whereabouts, and as she had
put back on one occasion every ttoay gave
her up for lost.
She reached her destination in safety,
however, but the gold hunters are a dis
gruntled set of men, as the following letter
will show:
Hope City, Cooks Inlet, Alaska, June 2».
Dear Tom: We arrived here on the 19th, all
safe. We found every one waiting for the
water to fall in the creeks, as they call them
here, but we would call them rivers in Cali
fornia. We have been out in the hills pros
pecting and Bad that all the gold is very fine
and all in loose dirt, and not much of it at
that. There are very few claims paying any
thing yet and no new discoveries this year so
far.
There are plenty of claims that paid a little
last year that can be had very reasonable — in
fact on your own terms— which goes to show
that there is nothiug big here. In fact, us far
as I can judge by the little I have panned out
myielf on Resurrection Creek, I could get bet
ter prospects or. any of the bars at Bidwells,
Union or Fairfield, along the Feather River,
after a freshet than you can here.
If we do not get any thine by the middle of
July I shall l>e in far going home. I had the
bad luck to lose my watch in the bush when
I was out prospecting. We are going out again
to-morrow to try a creek across the bay called
Bird Creek.
The man that got up this expedition Is a
fraud of the worst kind, as we lound to our
sorrow when we got here. So we have to find
something for ourselves. All the mining is
done with wing dams here, with very few ex
ceptions. We stopped at three pUces on our
road, but did not find anything to apenk of.
We can get the color almost anywhere in
Alaska, but very little on the bedrock. It
seems to be all brought down by slides.
It is the roughest country to travel over that
I ever got into on God's earth.
Khaki; Cordeb.
G. 8. Blackwell from the local freight
office of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company writes to George J. Strong, ad
juster of the Southern Pacific Company,
aud his wife as follows:
Hope Citt, Alaska, June, 1896.
Dear Mr. and Mrs. Strong, SSB Eddy Street, San
Franeiteo: After * journey of thirty days we
landed at Kayac Island, near Prince Williams
Souud. The trip was a long and tiresome one
to me, but with the exception of a few days we
had very pleasant weather. I w»s not sick,
but most of the men were. Some for two or
three weeks. You may be sure that each and
every one was glad to get ashore.
No doubt you have an idea that when we got
ashore it would be so cold that we should al
i most freeze and, of course, I thought so my
self, but such was not the case. While it is
true that the mountains were covered with
snow »nd ice, where we were anchored (about
thrse miles off shore) it was & perfect Bau
Francisco day.
While here we caught lots of codfish, so had
fish lor breakfast, dUner and supper, until we
! got tired of them.
We remained here three days, then sailed
for Resurrection Bay, distant about eiehty
mtles. Whiie there we prospected every creek.
Five of us made a trio inland about thirty-five
miles, across tbe mountains to the head of the
Kinai River. We found colors in most every
place we prospected, but not in paying quan
tities. We remained in Resurrection Bay
twelve days, then sailed for Turnagain Arm, J
the head ot Cooks Inlet.
Hope City is located at the mouth of Resur- I
rectiou Creek. It U not much of a city, only
a few minor streets. The climate beats San
Francisco. It Is very mild and pleasant. The
days are long; ln fact, there is do night here
at this time ot the year. Almost as light at 12
p. m. as it is at 13 M.
We have not done anything as yet; do not
know whether mere is anytning worth re
maining here or not. Expect to strikeout
prospecting just as soon as we can.
The ves«el that carries the mall will be here
to-day. Have not time to write more at pres
ent. Should I miss this mail it would be a
month before it could be taken to Juueau. We
only get mail once a month at this place—
postoffice is about forty miles distant.
I do not expect an answer to this as I do not
Know whether we will remain here or not. I
will write you as soon as we get located. Hope
we will be fortunate enough to find something
here.
Trusting this will find you all in good health,
with best love to all I remain yours, sincerely, !
G. Leslie Blackwell.
The above letters show that the Prosper
arrived safe and sound at Hope City, bu'.
that the hopes of all who joined in tbe
venture were dashed to the ground a few
days after their arrival.
FINANCIAL WATERS
ARE TROUBLED,
Discount May Be Charged
Upon Silver Because
of Bulk.
RULES TO BE ENFORCED.
Sub-Treasuries Will Pay Out
Like Money for Like
Hereafter.
DRAIN OF GOLD IS BTOPPED-
National Bank Notes From Eastern
Sources Must Be Redeemed
in Washington.
The enforcement of the rule prohibiting
Assistant Treasurers of the United States
from paying gold for silver certificates
has caused considerable inconvenience to
the business community, as all violent
and sudden changes in financial methods
are likely to do.
Recently, Assistant Treasurer Berry saw
indications of a rush for gold and an in
flux of silver into the treasury, and in
order to prevent the great drain of gold
which would take place to the detriment
of the efficiency of the Sub-Treasury Mr.
Berry gave orders that the standing rules
should be enforced. The important rules,
the enforcement of which tias caused all
the hubbub, are the foliowing:
Silver certificates are redeemaDle in sUndard
silver dollars only, or exchangeable for other
silver certificates. National bank notes are re
deemable in lawful money ot the United States
by the Treasurer, but not by the assistant
Treasurer. ,
According to the rule national bank
notes to be cashed must be delivered to the
Treasurer at Washington and are not re
deemable at the various sub-treasuries.
It was because of the trouble, expense ana
delay besides the risk of loss in transmis
sion that impelled a certain bankeryester
day to refuse to cash Eastern bans notes.
A rumor was prevalent in financial cir
cles yesterday morning to the effect that
certain City banks had established a dis
count rate on silver. The managers of
leading commercial banks were inter
viewed by a Gall reporter and each de
nied that his bank was exacting a dis
count on silver when converted into gold.
It was stated, however, that the cause of
the rnmor was the enforcement of the
rnle that silver certificates and not gold
should be paid out at the Sub-Treasury for
silver.
Assistant United States Treasurer
Berry said that it had been the custom
hitherto, although against the rules, to
exchange gold for silver, or for anything
else that came into the Sab-Treasury.
From rrt>w on the rule will be observed,
and silver certificates will be given in ex
change for silver.
Manager Bigelovr of the Nevada Bank
said that when laree round sums of silver
were deposited with the expectation that
those deposits would be withdrawn in the
shape of gold, a discount would neces
sarily have to be charged by the banks to
protect themselves against loss in the
present disturbed and feverish condition
of the financial world.
SEW TO-DAY.
No-To-Bac tods Nerves.
Lost Life-Force Restored and
Shattered Nerve - Power
Quickly Repaired.
The Tobacco Vice Undermines Vigor
and Vitality — Nervous Prostra-
tion, Genera! Debility Mean
Tobacco Nerve-Poisoning.
_____
Tobacco-using is a reckless waste of lift
force, money and manhood.
It is a dirty, nasty, men-wrecking disease,
and every tobacco-user knows it
The tobacco-user's serve." are shattered and
broken, his life is going out of him, he's losing
his grip, but No-To-Bac, the strongest, quickest
nerv* tonic in the world, braces his brain,
nourishes his nerves, kills nicotine, makes
manhood. Summer smoking shortens life.
If you want to quit tobacco, gain strength, ;
weight, vitality—
It you —ant all the time to look, feel and act
like a man-
Take No-To-Bac ! Get a cure or your money
back. Over 400,000 have been cured, ana
millions use Ko-To-Bac to regulate tobacco-
using, or purely for its wonderful powers as a
nerve tonic and stimulant.
If your nerve and heart action is weak, no
matter what the cause, take No-To-Bac.
Sold and guaranteed by druggists every-
where. Our famous booklet, "Don't Tobacco
Spit and Smoke Your Life Away," written
guarantee and free sample mailed for the ask.
ing. Address Toe Sterling Remedy Co., Chi.
cago, Montreal or New York. _^
NERVOUS
Fidgety, bilious, despondent, forgetful,
can't sleep, liver is sluggish, digestion is
poor, stomach is troubled, etc. Did you
ever stop to think of the causes? Did it
ever occur to you that these are but the
outcroppings of a serious disease deeper
down, at the very seat of life? Did' you
ever stop lo think that if you let it go on
it will sap the very life out of you? There
is no compromise with diseases : of this
kind. Either you control them or they
control you.
You swallow "liver pills" and "tonics"
and "regulators" and "vitalizers" ana
restoratives " and " invigoratora," ; and
on. Do they help you? Not perma-
nently, if at all. ■.."-
The proper control is cute. And the
way to get cured is to come to the doctor
whose studies," travels and practice have
been devoted to this special branch of
medicine. Call or write. • Cures guaran-
teed by mail treatment.
Office Hours— 9 to 12 a. m.. 2 to 5 and 7to
Bp. m. Sundays from. 10 to 12 a. m. only.
Address . v -
nnpTfiD nnnif && market street,
UUll lUn UUUIV, Opp. Powell, S. F., Cal.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
GREATiOSiNG-lOTTALI
— : — o_e»— — -— 1 -- > .
STYLISH GARMENTS
..-'-■. ■ . Z__Zll_ZZZ__Z_llZl_____Z_Z_Z___Zl_l_____Z
The imperative necessity of clearing out EVERY DOLLAR'S WORTH
OF SURPLUS STOCK AND ALL BROKEN LINES, preparatory to the open-
ing: of Gigantic Fall Importations now in transit and arriving, forces us to
mark down the lines SPECIALLY SELECTED FOR CLEARANCE TO-DAY
Regardless of Sacrifice!
LADIES' CAPES. v
-_"S_"t $1.85.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, of navy tine ladies' cloth, neatly embroidered;
also Single and Double Capes of black, navy and brown cloth, embroidered and
braided; worth $6, will be closed out at $1 86 each.
V J*L.t 52.95.
LADIES' DOUBLE RIPPLE CAPES of plain cheviot, in shades of tan, black and
navy, both capes and rolling collar trimmed with soutache braid, upper cape
trimmed with stitched bands of cloth and small pearl buttons, worth $7 50, will
be closed out at $2 95 each.
__%_t 63.45.
LADIES' RIPPLE SINGLE CAPES of black velvet, lined with twilled silk and
trimmed with ribbon and narrow passementerie; also Ripple Capes of black
velvet, neatly jetted and neck finished with ribbon ana lace, worth $S 50, will be
closed out at* $3 45 each.
At &3.4C5.
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, of light weight Kersey cloth, in shades of scarlet, black,
navy and tan, finished with stitched bias bands of cloth, trimmed with small pearl
buttons; also Tan Ripple Capes, neatly braided, collars finished wivh either
ribbon or fancy niching; worth $7 50, will be closed out at $3 45 each.
LADIES' SLJITS.
'.jV:..': ' _£__* 82.95.
LADIES' SUITS of broadcloth, cheviot and serge, in shades of navy, black and
brown, in a variety of styles, worth $7 50, will be closed out at $2 95 each.
____t S3.OS.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED SUITS, in mottled effects, in shades of gray, brown
and tan, excellent value for $10, will be closed out at $3 95 each. :v .^
LADIES' JACKETS.
u&.t 62.45.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS," in Un, navy and black, in a variety of
styles, worth $7 50, will be closed out at $2 43 each.
jSL.t 63.95.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in a variety of materials, colors and
styles, worth $10, will be closed out at $3 95 each.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
jA _t 25 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy check.
and stripes, will be closed out at 25c each.
-A.t 5O Cezita.
150 dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, fancy stripes, full sleeves, laundered
collar and cuffs, regular price $1, will be offered at 50c eacb.
A.* G3 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy checks of blue, pink
and black, regular price $1. will be closed out at 65c each.
.___t 75 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in tan and white stripes, latest
style, regular price %l 50, will be closed our. at 75c each.
fmffP*^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Harlot Street, corner of Joins, /
mAjjsr -FRAyroiaoo.
RAILROAD TRAVgLS ___ i RAILROAD TRAVELS
•OMHKES I-At'IFIC COXPAST. jSMFRMCISCO & NORTH Pi.
„ xsrJSSm SMFRi^CISCO & iNORTfI PI-
L-A7- . - From Jcke 7. IS9C - abbiti I/If 1 V RAIL 1 1 A i ,A
tKATE - Fr.nn Jcxe 7. IS9C. - arrivi Vlf 11/ iLilLl? 11 W«
'*8:00 a Nilea, San Jose and Way Stations... B:4.ja «m»,.._ _• _. ' : V ■■»•.»_, '_'_._
7:00 a Atlantic Egress, U S -\t\\ ami r._st.. *--ir.p XlDuron Ferry-Foot of Market St.
7:0Oa Benici-. Vac_TiUe, Rnn:3»T. Sacra* B_n8 _ n Fr . n . to R_n itAfa.l
meuto. OronUe and Bedding rim Dan Francisco to san Karael.
__> T**ia „ «!45? WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a.*.: 18:S\
| 7«O0a Martinez, San Ramon, I*ap», Cells- 8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M • Thursday Extra t*l3
toga and Santa Eosa •iIO? at 11:30 p. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
■i3oa Nile*, San Jose, Stockton, lone, and 11:30 p. if.
Sacramento, Marys»ille and Re<i SDNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:34
Bluff 4i1.1i» 6:00,6:20 p.m.
•Bs3oa Peters and Mi1t0n....... *7:15? « san Kafanl to «a n Tnnriixi.
•••Oa Los Angeles Expms. Fr«mo, Santo wirirK n a vt_R i , -tn o?n ! ! £
Barbara and Los Anjelw ***** we ,^ K .. D o A ? 1 r, 6 ,lJ 5 7:5 2* 9:l °- 11:1 ° *• »l
•:00a Martinez and Stockton* 11:45 a 1 ?; 4 «V S:4O> PJq?- Saturdays-Extra trip*
»:00\ Vallejo O-I.V | M 1 :B5 p. if. and 6:35 P. M.
l:OOpNiles;s_n'jMVa_dLiTer_iore...'.. Msa J BXJKD^AYS-7:35. 9:35. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:i%
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers # »:OOp j 6:00, 6:25 p. it,
tl:3op Port Costa ana Way Station* t7:43* Between Ban i nnclsco and Bchnet»en Park saint
_iO<lp Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo ■chednle aa above.
. Napa. Caliatoga. El Verano _n_ LeAVe : .wJT~\ Arrive ~~~
............... ....... •«14a Ban Francisco. t", 1 Ban Franctsca
*>*9t Benicia, Vac»Tl_e, Woodland, . Ap m%, I -»
KniElit* Landing, MarysriUs, Wm I Sra- i.p.tfn^im, I Suur- I Win
_, ._ rOTU L e and Sacramento I#i4sa Dat _. days. I Uestmatloa^ d a ys. . I Day*.
4i»»pKiles, Ban Joso, LlTermore and ; : ! 1- — : .
Stockton 7ilsp 7:30 a- 7 :30 am j Novato, 10:40 ah 8:40 am
«>3«p Merced, Berenda, Rajmoad (for • ; 8:30 pm 9:30 am Petalnma, , 6:05 pm 10:10 ak
Yoaemite) and Fresno 11j4Sa | 6:10 pm 5:00 pmi Santa Bom. 7:30 pm 6:15 P*
HewOr'.eanßKiprecs.Fresiio.Bakersi ~ ! Fnlton. ~~"
flel.l Bar^a n.rbar.,l^ Angelet 7:30 ah i Windsor. 10:10 AX
Seeing, El a*o, J.ew Orleans and IHealdsburj?,
_>ast ■ "•'"* IGevserville
9—T San^Fe^Konte. Express WWi . 8:30 PM 7:80 am | Clbverrlale.' 7:80 pm 6:18 m
s<«op Vallejo '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. llaMa i Pieta.
•too r KuropeauMa'.l, Ogtlen acd liast.... 0:»i 7:30 am ' Hopland & 10:10 am
«iOOFHarwaril*,N!les_nd San J05e.... .. 7:lS* I 8:30 pm| 7:30 am Lkiao. 7:30 pm 6:lspm
$7:00 p Valiejo t~'43p -„„ 1 in. in am?
TiOOp Oregon Sacramento. Marys- 7-S0 _m Gnernevllle. 7SO*m
»Hle, Heading. Portlaud. l'uget _ .__ j 7 - 30 A * Gueroeville. 7.30 ru .., M
bound ami Kast ....:.. 10:48 a ; 3 :3OrM i 1 6:19 PM
" SaK'JA (KIZ DIVISION (Narrow tisugf). j 1-80 am 7:30 am; Sonoma jio -.40 ami 8.40 a*
C7j43a SanU Cruz Excursion, SanU Crui j j : i 0 pm|s:oo pm Glerf Ellen. I 6:05 pm; 6:15 pk
. -... „.,,„ t _ „.„„ x . m Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
and Principal ay Stations :S:t3r I 1 .. _~— —- _ —
»ilOANewaik.Centcrfil!c«an.lose.Felton, 7:30 AM 7:30 am SebastoDol 10:40 AM 10:10 am
BontderCreek,S_ntaCruiandWa7 ! 8:30 pm|6:oo pmj &eDaatopol - | C:Oar>< ) 6:15 PH
••,1.1 > «Sl!l. t * I ?wmiiVi. 1 's I »n'i™'xliw 8l *"* ' Stages connect At Santa Rosa for Mark West
•■ll»* KewarL teriterullL , »a . Aew Springs; at Geyserville for SWasw Springs; _»
6-uU Crui a.°a Principal Wai ' Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Pieta for Hl^land
Stations mntipU Way Ml^Oa Springs, KelseyviUe, Soda Cay and JLakeport; at
g4a»P Newark <r»riA«»'-miVAii'(:_tM*''' \ Hopland for La-eport aod Bartiett Springs; »t
j|4ilBp Newark. Sail .loae and 1.08 (.atos.... TJ^D* TJk^ h fof v , chy g ßTingat Saratoga Springs, Blu*
COAST IHVISIO.N (Iliinl * Townaend st».; lAkes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lane. Porno, Potter
*«i4sa Ban Jose ami War SUtions (New Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Back-
Alinaden Wedne^^or_^)..V...; 9:47* .ell's/ Sanhedrin Height.. Hollvllle Bedevil!*.
t7I3«A Sunday Excursion for San Jose! Creenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocmo CUy,
I7HWA.BWL»y Crnz Padno Gro^ an_ {Fort Bragg. W«s:pon, I; sal, Willets. Cahto, C*>
Principal^Yay Station! V. ..^ J»lW? ; Wo, Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka
•»l»_S»Vjose Ties PtoaTsapU Cri^ Saturday to Monda>«jr©und-trtp tickets at redo**
e Gu r a^ r peau e Spn a I : "^Sundays round-trln ticket, to all »..nU *.
4lpal Way Stations 7rOsf Fond San Bafael at half rates.
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Station. fls3or Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bnnma*
IO:«Oa San Jo— sad Way Stations 3:OOp H. C. WHITIXO. R. X. KYAN,
lit 3oa Palo Alto ami Way Stations....... B!3 ° Gen. H-ruurex. Gen. Paw. A_ea_
•asSOpSan Mateo, Slenlo Park, Saa Jos^ . — -^ .
Gilroy, Tre» Pinos, Santa Cms,
Balln_s,Monterey»naPaclflcGroT6 »l«t4«A A __ ■ _L» jmm.
•I.IOr San^e. Pac^ ,.^ and Way .^ AtlalltlC '
•4t3OpBan Jose -lid Way Stations M 2°* avt» "-98-PWBgV--r
.San Jose and Principal Way Stations *H:I?»a *- 1u aaSF-iSK^ifr
«:30pSan Joss and Way Stations " ! -"* I~~> « x-r 5 •£ I i-r jG3^?^?»L
M 1:4.1 1- Ban Josb and Way Statins +7:1-»r IT 1 TIC _^^_^^*_X,
' SAX L-ASIIKO AM> HAVWAttIo Un VI.. aIL, OAD Epiilll^£Bl
'*» : OOa I I i»:4!lA Trains leave and arrive at R|f&£gf§£i|&lll
J'SSt «el-e,Se B .I M r T P.r_, ffißi
«>:«»* Fltehbnnr,S..L*«dro Vl-li SASTA FE EXPRESS. *&£§££
O:00p Hajriru'da. . S : V- f leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
0:3»P 1 'i : J?' Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Lpp
j»*W . ] 2>2-' J>olBtered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
HrOOp . Rl _, »},„,--», _, TOiea. mil -A' ' »nd bedding and In ctiarre of a porter, run dally
.«••«' F^rnVile? «:J«' j through i« Chicago vl. K.bim Sly. Annex car,
ttll:l.JP; ' 'Tom jueB. ltflg:OO: j for Denver and Si. l^uis.
rDC -<-tr onilTr rropv Persona conducted Boston Excursions via
Cr»fc.,_r\ HU'J! t rtHKY, : E.msa_ City, Chlcaao, Montreal and the Whlt«
from Sil mHCISCO— Foot of liirket Strttt (Slip 8)— : Mountains leave every Wednesday. •
•7:15 9.00 11:O0a.u. 1,1:03 *-:Q3 J3:C( j Th« best railway from California to the East.
*t°CO I 5' n 9 *6:53r._. • j New rails, new ties; no dust; l-terrstln_ acenerjri
10MAM.tV.dn •1:00 f_.-00 »3:00 J4:C: Ticket Offlce-644 Market street.
*300p m ' (/Uromc-O Building.
'■ — — Telephone Mala 1531.
• A for Kcrnfac . P for Afternoon. ■. ■— — ___---------— __-_--_---_-______
* Sundays excepted. ■ f Batnrdays onlj
-« Monday. T-J^a^^May n^t, only. 3 \ TfIESUGCESS OF THE SEASOS
JSatunlays and Stwlays for Santa Crnx. ■■-■ IItUKJU VVaAJU VI XIAIJ KJIX-UJVH
*! Bnnd»vß»n<i Mmiii«"« frpm fUfita On»
T »™«IKL R ™ OAD TEE LADIES' GEE ROOM
From San Francisco, Commencing Jan« 15, 1898. , ■ o*" TIIK —
\ WEEKDAYS. • ■••■■ - -■■
or Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. , *8:00 nil I AS" lIATPI
•9:15 10:15, 11:15. a. It! '1:15, 3:20, 4:15, Mill 111 1 L Ull I L.S
5:16. *6*H). d:3sr. M. 111 Hl■ I" H! I B" I
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednetr | nUllUb llvl Labi
cays and Saturday; at 11:30 p. m. . ■■-.■ .■..-,
For km Valley and *Ban Katael-*8:00, *9:00, DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
•10:00, 11:80 a. M.;»»l_:3J. •1:30,*2:15, »4:0O,
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p.m. £xtra trip to SaatalUoao i OPKX UNTIL KIUNKiHr.
11:00 a. M. -. ■ — — i - — .
Trains marked * ran to San Qnentln. •♦12:30 I - _ _ ■>. . .
r.M. does not rnn to Mill Vailey. : IAI r»rt !*• Tx/Ti-i** «-. ,3 ,___,. ,^
.2 rm » ssp^r . . .. 1 w Men and Women
Sundays. -. QHOULD USE DAMIANA BIIIEKS, T_l_!
For Point Reyes, Cazaiero and* way stations— j O great Mexican .Kerned.*; uIY<M _is«iut ***
8:00 a. x. Sundays; 1:45 p. m. weekdays. ' btrtnsuu to t_« Mxaat Orgaa*
910
CHARLES L. FUR
MAKES DEPOSITION,
He Testifies Concerning the
Pencil or Craven
Will.
HIS FATHER'S WRITING.
Believed That Senator Fair's
Hand Drew Up That
Instrument
SOME INTEBESTING TESTIMONY
Tbe Decedent Might Have Planned to
Fool Angus and Bresse in
Will Making.
The Fair will contest was advanced an
other step yesterday. During a large part
of the day Charles L. Fair was engaged
with counsel in the offices of Delmas &
Shortridge making his deposition.
He testified, among other things, in ref
erence to the action of Messrs. Angus and
Bresse, who were executors under one of
the wills. Mr. Fair alleged that within
fifteen minutes after the death of his
father these gentlemen took all his father's
papers away from deceased's rooms in
the Lick House. Mr. Fair also said that
he thought that his father was capable of
making a will just to fool Messrs. Angus
and Bresse, which purported to give them
everything they wanted and of then going
away to chuckle and to make another will
overturning the will which they, Angus
and Bres se, might suppose would benefit
them.
The examination throughout the day
was conducted by Mr. Delmas. Mr. Heg
gerty was present as counsel for Mr. Fair.
The deponent was careful, weighing all
his answers, which were made with much
deliberation. The deposition was not com
pleted.
Charles L. Fair first testified to his name,
age and nativity. He is 29 years old, was
born in Virginia City, Nev., and he is a
resident of San Francisco. He testified to
the date of the death of James G. Fair Jr.,
and also to the date of his father's death,
the latter date being December 28, 1894.
At that time Charles L. Fair was a resident
of California. His sisters were out of the
State. The witnees then testified concern
ing his own marriaee, which took place in
Oakland in 1893. He could not recall the
precise date. His residence has been Cal
ifornia ever since, but he has occasionally
been absent.
After his father's death he had notice
that what purported to be his will, and
which was dated September 21, 1894. had
been filed. He first learned of this through
the newspapers, and was afterward told
about it.
"Did you ever have any conversation
with your father on the subject of trusts,
and leaving property in trust by wills?"
Exception was taken to the question,
and the witness answered under exception
that he had conversed with his lather.
He thought that his father wished him to
get the money under his mother's will,
and wished him to break the trust in his
mothers will. The conversation was about
his mother's will.
•'Did your father in that conversation
say thathe was opposed to trusts in wills?"
".N'u, sir."
"He did not advise yon that he was op
posed to the creation of trusts?"
"He was opposed to the trust in my
mother's will.
"On what ground?' 1
"He did not like the trustees."
"Was that ihe only ground he gave for
being opposed to the trust?"
"I don't remember."
"Will you please tax your memory and
reflect, taking your own time to do so?"
Mr. Fair thought awhile, but could not
recollect anything else than his father
i-aid, except that he admired the way in
which the Astor property in New York is
handled.
"Did your father ever tell you, in speak
ing of trusts, that he did not approve of
trusts in any particular?"
"I don't remember that he did."
"Did you, in an interview in the Exam
iner in March, 1895, say that your father
told you that he did not approve of trusts
under any circumstances?''
Tne witness did not think that he bad
been correctly' quoted in the interview. He
did not tell the reporter that his father
had said he was opposed to trusts under
any circumstances. The reporter may
have misunderstood him. His father
never had made any such statement of his
opinion, so far as the witness knew. The
witness engaged course! to break the
trust in his mother's will. His father gave
him no money for legal expenses. When
he died he left a fixed monthly sum for
support of the witness.
"Did you give your father any note or
receipt or evidence of indebtedness?"
The witness declined to answer.
"Did you have any conversation with
your father about wills?"
"1 met him one night about 8 o'clock
and he said he way going with Mr.
Crothers to make his will and asked me
what I thought about it. I said tbat I had
nothing to say about it. He asked me if I
was satisfied with my marriage, and I said
that I had no reason to be discontented.
This conversation took place in front of
the Baldwin Hotel. He asked me how
I wanted the money left, and I said that I
h3d nothing to say about it. The con
versation was very brief. I was in the
middle of the street and he was on the
sidowalk. I waiked in toward the side
walk and he walked out to meet me and
we met about fifteen feet from the curb.
That was the only conversation that we
had about wills. The conversation was
out of the hearing of Mr. Crothers. I do
not know the date of this conversation,
but think that it was aDout September 15.
I was staying at the Baldwin Hotel at the
time."
"Was there an estrangement between
you and your father ?'•
"Well, as to that we had no conversa
tion on that point. We had not seen each
other for several months. We had not
written. We hud not scon each other. I
had been five months in Europe.'
"Was there any other reason why you
did not see your lather?"
The witness declined to answer this
question.
"When did your reconciliation with
, your father take place?"
Mr. Fair said that it was 6n July 24.
When he arrived in San Francisco he
thought that his father was in Yuma. He
did not seek at once to find his lather. He
inquired after his father, going to his
father's office twice to inquire. He did
not see his father for one month after he
(witness) returned from Europe. At his
father's office he asked of Mr. Angus
where his father was. He < allfd later at
his father's office with Dr. Levingston, at
tbe. suggestion of Dr. Levingston that his
father would like to see him. He did not
see his father for two or three weeks be
fore he was married.
"Was your father at your wedding?"
"No, sir."
"Was he advised of your wedding?"
Willises declined to answer.
Charles L. Fair as He Sat Yesterday Making His Deposition Concerning Matters Affecting the Issue Raised by the Contest of
His Father's Will.
"Was any member of your family
there ? :l
Declined to answer.
"Was it not a fact that yon went to
your father's office with Dr. Levingston to
effect a reconciliation?"
''Yes, I suppose that is so, if you put it
in that way/
"Is not tnat a fsct without any suppo
sition — isn't that true?"
"I went there to meet my father for the
purpose of seeing if lie was friendly to me.
Dr. Levingston suegested going there.
That is the reconciliation to which I may
have referred in an interview with a
reporter.' 1
"After you knew that the trust will had
been riled did you believe that your father
had filed anotner will of later date, written
wholly by himself and leaving all the
property to you and to your sisters?"
"I believed that another will, differing
from the trust will, had been made."
"Did yon believe that that will, later
than the trust will, was written wholly
by himself?"
"No, I can't say that I did."
"Did you believe that a will haa been
written leaving all the property to yourself
and your sisters?"
"I believed that. I had a talk with
Mr. Angus and he said tbat mv father
had made another will equally dividing
! the property. In the trust will notning
was divided and this led me to believe
that there must be a later will. I may
have said in an interview witn a Chronicle
reporter that I believed that my father
j had left a will written entirely by himself
| and that Angus and Bresse believed so."
"If you said that in an interview were
1 the statements then made true?"
"To the best of my belief they were if
I made the statements."
"Did you after that time set about to
find out whether there was such a will
later than the trust will and giving the
property to yourself and your sisters?"
"We applied for an order of the court to
I search all wills in my father's pos
session."
The witness said that he first had an in
timation of the pencii will from Governor
Burtd, who was at that time his counsel.
I He could not fix tne date when the Gover
! nor spoke about the pencil will. He heard
! notbine concerning the Craven will at that
time excepting through his counsel. He
first saw the Craven will at Mr. Lloyd's.
Before he saw that will he had entered
into an agreement and signed papers for
the benefit of Mrs. Nettie R. Craven. He
signed the instrument perhaps a week be
fore he saw the Craven will. He signed in
Mr. Lloyd's office. He did not see the
agreement before it was drawn, that was
left to the attorneys.
Mr. Delmas said that he wished to show
that the witness understood the agree
ment at the time it was signed, but the
questions were objected to. The wit
ness continued that the parties to the in
strument were his sisters and himself,
i Mrs. Craven and Richard V. Dey. He
thought that he saw the Craven will March
16. There were present Mr. Lloyd, Mr.
Knight, Mr. Heggerty, Charles S. Hale
and Mr. Walsh, Mr. Flood's private sec
retary, and others.
"Did you say, 'This is my father's hand
writing'?"
"No. i said: 'I think it is like my
father's handwriting, and I think it is.' "
A certain interview was read. In this
Charles Fair was represented as saying
that his father might have made a will in
favor of Angus and Bres?e just to fool
them and to make them slave. The wit
ness testified tnat his father might have
done such a thing.
"Is that yonr conception of your father's
character?"
"I think tl:at he might have done that."
"Then it would, in your opinion, have
been entirely in accordance with your
father's temperament, disposition and in
cli'iation 10 have told them that he had
made a will in which they had been re
membered, and then chuckle and go off
and make a new will?"
"No, sir. If he had promised to do a
thing, I think he would have done so.
My lather may have been influenced to
have made such a will, and then have
gone off and made another."
"Was your father subject to undue in
! fluence?"
"I don't know."
"You have charged that he was?"
"He may have been."
"By whom ?"
The witness declined to answer.
"Did Mr. Hexgerty in the presence of
all the parties in Mr. Lloyd's room, when |
the pencil will was produced, say that the
handwriting was your father's?"
The witness declined to answer this
I question. Then be was asked whether the
handwriting; in the will was declared by
Russell T. Wiison or by Richard V. Dey |
to be his father's handwriting. He de- |
clined to answer concerning Mr. Wilson.
j Richard V. Dey had so declared on another
occasion. Witness wouid not answer
whether Charles NeaJ, his father's secre
tary, had declared, after taking days to
examine the paper, that it was in the
handwriting of James G. Fair.-
At noon a recess was taken and the hear
ing was returned in the afternoon. Mr. Fair
said he remembered when the Craven will
was produced in court. Ho heard the re
marks made then by Mr. Lloyd. He
thought he knew the contents of the peti
tion concerning the Craven will. He had \
asked the court to admit that will to pro- i
bate. Tbe petition was signed by himself, I
by his sisters and by at least his attorney.
Mr. Delmas read the petition in part,
and Mr. Fair averred that tbe several
clauses t!iat were read were true. The
will which was referred to as the last will
and testament of James G. Fair in the pe
tition was the Craven will.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
"That was w,hat you referred to, was it
not?"
" Fes, sir."
"Did you understand that the facts
stated in the petition were true?"
"I believed them to be true."
The witness then testified concerning
the contest filed to the trust will which
was filed May 7, 1895. Mr. Fair did not
recollect the date. He recollected that as
a ground for that contest it was alleged
that the trust will was revoked by a later
will, which was the Craven will. This
was the will which in the contest was al
leged to have been written wholly by the
hand of James G. Fair. The same aver
ment was made when the petition for the
filing of the Craven will was signed. Be
tween the filing of tbe petition alluded to
and the contest to the trust will nothing
had occurred to shake his entire confi
dence that the Craven will was the last
will and testament of bis father. There
were some things that he did not like
about it.
"Did you make the averments in mak
ing the contest to the trust will believing
them all to be true?"
"Yes."
"To whom did you refer in your petition
and contest as unduly influencing the
mind of James G. Fair?"
The witness declined to answer and also
declined to answer whether he referred to
either Mr. Goodfeliow, James Angus,
Louis C. Bresse or Thomas G. Crothers as
conspiring, combining and confederating
to influence the mind of James G. Fair to
cause him to make a will by which they
would be benefited.
Mr. Delmas called attention to the fact
that Herman Oelrichs Jr. based his right
upon the will of September 21, 1894;
that if that wilt was procured by fraud it
has no standing in court, and that as
affecting the validity of that will this in
quiry is proper at this tima.
Mr. Fair declined to answer who were
the persons meant in his contest who
were alleged 'to have told bis father that
his children had no affection and were
anxiously waiting for him to die. Mr.
Fair Testified that the contest was signed
by himself personally and by his attor
neys. He also testified that he had filed
an affidavit in which he had denied the
genuineness of the trust will. He did not
recall this, but was willing to take the
word of his attorney, Mr. Heggerty, that
this was so.
"Did your father tell you before his
death that he intended to dismiss from
his employmant Messrs. Angus and
Bresse?"
"I don't know that, but I know that
they intimated that they feared that he
would dismiss them."
"Is it true that your father told you a
month before his death ihat he intended
to dismiss them? "
"No, not just that, but he told me that
he was tired of the way things were going
on ; that he was tired of the way they were
administering his business. He did not
say this exactly, but gave me that im
pression. He intimated that."
During his father's last days, the wit
ness continued, Mr. Crothers was much
with his father and would never leave
him alone, but was always present when
the witness was there, and was anxious
td hear all that was said. The witness be
lieved that it was true that the breath had
hardly left his father's body when Messrs.
Ancus and Bresse removed from his
father's room all the valises, etc., con
taining papers.
Mr. Delmas read from interviews in
The Call to refresh the memory of Mr.
Fair concerning many statements at
tributed to him.
The deposition of Charles L. Fair will
be continued Saturday at 10 a. m. This
afternoon the deposition of Notary Craig
will be taken at Delmas <fc Bhortridge's
office.
FREE SILVER MEN.
An Independent Organization J» to Be
i IlVrt.il This - vening.
A California silver campaign committee
hold a temporary meeting yesterday after
noon in the offices of C. D. Lane. Those
present were: Charies D. Lane, Alvinza
Hayward, W. P. Lawlor, M. M. Hurley,
George W. Baker, W. Pardy, W. C. Price,
Thomas V. Cator, Frank J. Moffitt and D.
P. Tarpey.
George W. Bnker was elected temporary
chairman; Aivinzn Hayward, treasurer;
D. P. Tarpey, temporary secretary.
It was stated that the object of the
meeting was to open headquarters for the
advocates of the free silver issue. Mem
bers of all and any political faction in
favor of free silver desiring to advocate
that issue independent of the Democratic
State Central Committee were invited to
join.
A permanent organization will be ef
fected to-night at room 32, seventh floor,
Mills building.
SAUSALITC'S CARNIVAL.
Ballots for the Queen Coming In
X; Lively. '
Sausalito is looking forward to the com
ing carnival and is putting her principal
thoroughfare in order. Water street, from
El Monte lane to Johnston street, is being
graded a distance of over half a mile.
Sewers will ;be .laid, curbing constructed
and the road will be macadamized to the
thickness, of one foot. The roadbed will |
be raised over two feet. E. McCullough,
Town Engineer, is superintending the,
work, which is being done by Warren &
M alley of San Francisco. ..'" ; -'.'.v*-i^i
WOMEN AT WORK
IN THE PRECINCTS,
Presidents of Clubs Meet
in an Important Con
ference.
PLANS OF CAMPAIGN.
Ladies Relate Their Experiences
in the Apcstolate of
Woman Suffrage.
PROUD TO WEAR THE BADGE.
Methods of Helping On the Cause Are
Exhaustively Discussed and
Compared.
A largely attended and very important
meeting of precinct club presidents was
held yesterday afternoon in the meeting
hall of tbe Woman Suffrage Bureau, Miss
Mary E. Hay, the State organizer, being
assisted by Mrs. Clara Long, to whom the
City precinct club work has been en
trusted. Among the ladies present were
the following named, all ol whom are
presidents of regularly organized clubs:
Mrs. E. T. Winkler, Miss Angie Bemis, Miss
Mary Geishaker, Mrs. Mollie Heilmann, Mrs.
C. B. Urmy, Mrs. J. It. Verdenal, Mrs. C. M.
Tildeu, Mrs. W. H. Wiester, Mrs. Katberine H.
Angelo, Mrs. Anna Haskell, Mrs. Florence A.
Nichols, Mrs. M. J. Hale, Mrs. E. B. Griffith,
Mrs. Abbie J. Forbes, Mrs. Louise L. Cloxion,
Mrs. F. Diserens, Mrs. Sylvia Brown, Mrs.
Martha Lawton, Mrs. F. M. Brown, Mrs. L. R.
Bartow, Mrs. M. J. Wheeland, Mrs. L. E. Noble,
Mrs. L. B. Martin, Mrs. G. W. Reutchler,
Miss Elizabeth Brown, Mrs. Mary Tering-,
Mrs. Minnie C. Hussey, Mrs. M. A.
Mosher, Mrs. 8. Bryant, Mrs. Julia Jones,
Mrs. R. C. Poultney, Mrs. Esther Pierson,
Mrs. M. E. Morse, Mrß. M. O. Severance, Mrs.
Eliza Dean, Mrs. Barbara Knell, Miss M. H.
Johnson, Mrs. F. L. Whitney, Mrs. Gussie
Jones, Miss Eva Deutsch, Mrs. C. K. Brown,
Mrs. H. A. Hobe, Mrs. O. H. Schmidt, Mrs. J. J.
Schoville, Mrs. Judge Colton. Mrs. Eva Bates,
Mrs. Austin Sperry, Mrs. hovell White, Miss C.
M. Fuller, Miss Maybelle liolbrook, Mrs. Helen
More, Mrs. H. A. McLcllan, Miss J. Hill, Mrs.
D. J. Spencer, Mrs. Helen A. Cross and Mrs.
Sarah A. Eckman.
The meeting was in the nature of a con
ference, and the session was executive.
However, enough information leaked out
to convince the most rabid anti-suffragist
that the woman suffrage movement is a
power not to be downed by the puny
forces thus far arrayed against it. Plans
of work were detailed and their compara
tive merits discussed, the ladies telling of
their labors and successes much in the
fashion of an "experience meeting."
A German lady, one of the most de
voted and efficient apostles in the local
field, related that in her travels she met
one man who stoutly contended that
woman's place wao the kitchen; her mind
had no business soaring any higher. She
asked him whether he considered his wife
intelligent enough Oo raise children. He
said of course she was. The precinct
worker rejoined that then she knew
enough to vote. The man at last ac
counts was almost under conviction, but
the lady seemed to realize that a man con
vinced against his will is of the same
opinion still, so she sent him a peck or so
of good sound suffrage literature to be
digested in his leisure moments.
The distribution of suffrage tracts, leaf
lets and pamphlets was reported by all
the ladies to be a most efficacious means
for the cultivation of a friendly spirit
among persons opposed or indifferent to
the movement. Many persons who have
neither time nor desire to talk upon the
woman suffrage issue will accept a leaflet,
and read it, too. Men were reported to
have asked for suffrage literature after
reading one little flying dodger which
some stray gust of wind had cast in their
way.
Another point upon which the ladies
were all agreed was the advisability of
wearing the suffragb badge in public. It I
showed that the ladies were prcud of their |
connection with the cause, and frequently
caused questions to be asked which led to
a talk on suffrage and eventually to the
enrolling of a neophyte. The workers all
said they had found no opposition among
the more cultured and educated residents
visited, all the need for missionary work
seeming to be found among voters of
limited scholastic and social endowment
The importance of social conversations on
suffrage as a means of propaganda was
unanimously recognized.
Meanwhile Mrs. Long keepi the ball
rolline.
Held for Bobbery.
The preliminary examination of L. Roder-
icker, Philip Canatezo and Joseph Baker,
charged with robbing Martin Luigi on Broad
way early Sunday morning, July 26, was held
betore Judge Conlan yesterday. After hearing
the evidence the Judge held the defendants to
answer before the Superior Court on $100
bonds each.
GAINING IN NAPA.
Sheriff George S. HcKenzle Tells of
the Recognized Need of Protec
tion in California.
Bheriff George S. McKenzie of Napa
County is at the Grand. He has been for
some time lately in different parts of the
State, and says he is convinced that the
feeling for W. J. Bryan and free silver is
dying out.
"A little while after Bryan's nomin
ation," he said, "if a vote had been taken
I think California would have gone for
him. But Ido not think so now. Where
I have been I have found the sentiment
had changed. They think more of pro
tection now than they do of free silver.
"In Napa County I know a number of
leading Democrats who are going to vote
for Mr. McKinley. I met some of them
the other day and they said to me, 'Well,
Me, we never expected to come over and
vote the Republican ticket with you, but
it looks as though we would do it this
year; we intend to. in fact, as we Want
protection and can't get it without voting
for McKinley.'
"I think the Republican party is getting
stronger every day in California, and by
election day I think it will be if not a
walkover at least a victory for the old
party that has gone through so many
campaigns, and nearly every time to win.
"I would be surprised if we hadn't 600
majority in Napa County for the Republi
can ticket. Last year we had a majority
of some 250. I think it will be more this
year. We have about 450 army veterans
in Napa County, and they help a good
deal. The great majority are Republi
cans."
DAVIS ENTERED BY FORCE
The Market Inspector's Ener
getic Search ior Diseased
Meat.
Jefferson 6- James' Establishment at
Butchertown Yielded Three
Carcasses.
Market Inspector Ben Davis made a
capture of contraband beef yesterday that
necessitated the use of a mixture of vio
lence and cunning and immediately threw
a cloud over the slaughtering establish
ment of Jefferson G. James in Butcher
town.
Davis has had reason for some time to
suspect that beef that was being handled
by the James establishment was not all
tbat it should be, and has kept a close
eye on the place. Yesterday he made up
his mind that some ca'reasses were con
cealed in an icehouse that had been un
used for some time, and attempted to enter
the building to investigate. He found the
door nailed at the bottom in such a man
ner that it resisted his efforts to enter, but
tbat made little difference to the bulky
inspector.
A determined band on the ring that
serves as a knob, a knee against the jamb,
and a long and strong pull completed the
discomfiture of those nails, and when the
door flew open the carcasses of three cows,
weighing in the aggregate 1262 pounds,
were found.
A glance revealed the fact that had not
the butcher's ax ended their lives tuber
culosis would soon have finished the cows,
and they were promptly ordered to the
fertilizing works.
The man in charge of the place gave as
an excuse for having the diseased cattle
on hand that he was saving them until be
could get a sufficient quantity of bad beef
on hand to warrant turning it over to the
health authorities, but this flimsy excuse
did not satisfy tiie inspector, and he
served a notification on the man tbat if
further violation of the law were discov
ered in his place tiie mere confiscation of
the beef would not end the matter.
• — ♦ — •
A Night With Shakespeare.
The public will have an opportunity of en
joying a rare treat Thursday evening, August
20, when Frederick Warde will deliver a lec
ture on Shakespeare, with character sketches,
ai the Y. M. C. A. auditorium, corner of Mason
and Ellis streets. Ticket* row on sale at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, Kearny and Sutter
streets, and at the association building, Mason
and Ellis streets. There will be but one price
to all parts of the hall, and the auditorium is
sure to be crowded to its :'ull seating capacity.
Meyers Again Acquitted.
Leon R. Meyers was again fortunate In
having a jury acquit him of a charge of an
attempt at felonious assault upon a little girl
last night: The case was tried in Judge Babrs*
court. There are two more charges against
him, but they will, in all probability, be dis
missed to-day.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
LICK OF FUNDS
TO CLOSE SCHOOLS
The Board of Education
Warns the Super
visors.
BIG SHORTAGE CERTAIN
The Appropriation as It Now
Stands Is Far From Ade
quate.
NO MORE TEACHERS' CONTESTS.
Advertising Schemes Frowned Upon.
Report of the Classification
Cr mm it tee.
Tbe Board of Education at its meeting
last evening sounded a note of warning to
the Board of Supervisors regarding the
fate of the public schools if the appropria
tion proposed— sl,ooo,ooo— is carried into
effect. It came in the report of the Finance
Committee, a copy of which was ordered
sent to the Board of Supervisors, and in
timated plainly tnat unless the amount is
increased it will become incumbent upon
the School Directors to close the schools
long before the close of the school year
through lack of funds to pay the teachers'
salaries.
Attention is called to the fact that the
salary roll will be increased $16,000 over
that of last year because of the large in
crease in evening classes and other mat
ters.
The committee figuring on the basis of
last year's payroll, the increase and con
tracts already let for work believes that
the department will be $115,415 64 beh ind
at the close of the fiscal year. The report
was placed on file.
The board put its foot down on the
teachers' voting contests that have been
carried on by some of the evening papers
for some time past when the following res
olution, offered by Director Murdock, was
unanimously adopted:
: Whereas. Contests for favorite teachers, con
ducted by newspapers for advertising pur
poses, distract the attention of pupils lrom
their studies, stir up unseemly strife and rob
the children of modesty and good manners,
belt
Resolved, That the Board of Education hereby j
expresses its disapprobation of all such \
schemes and pledges itself to do all in its
power to discourage and prevent them. To
that end be it further ■ ■• ■
Resolved, That we hereby give notice to all |
concerned that no leave "of absence will be
hereafter granted to any prize-winner.
"Recommendations of the City Board of ;
Examiners were adopted, as follows: i
That Miss Emma H. Provost, Miss Lotta j
Bean, Miss Elizabeth Mayers, Miss Martha H. ;
Poppe and Miss Nora N^Suliivan be recom- j
mended to the State Board lor grammar trade '<
diplomas; that H. F. Soper, Edward Ray Zion, j
Miss Ruby W. Stud ley and Clara B. Westphal |
be granted high school certificates; that H. B. j
Graham, Mabel L i.Nelson, Miss Mariana Ber- |
tola, Mrs. Mary Fitzgerald, Miss Bertha Zim- !
merman, M. S. Lehan, Miss Addie F. McDon- j
nell, Miss Mary F. Wilson and Mrs. Anna M. ;
Ryall were granted grammar grade certificates • !
that Mrs. L. R. Griffin be glinted a high school
certificate: that the high school certificate of
the following named be renewed: Mrs. H. M.
Gray, Miss Helen Wright, Miss Annie M. ;
Forester, Miss Katie Mayers, Miss Kate j
Lahaney, Miss Sarah Kar'sky and Miss Helen
F.Mitchell; that grammar grade State educa
tional diplomas be granted to Miss Nettie
Cohen and Miss Saiah >Boukafsky.
Mis- I. E. Coles, pr :cipal of the South J
End Primary School, sent in a communi- |
cation calling attention to the crowded i
condition of the classes in her school and
suggesting the formation of another class.
The matter was referred to the Classifica
tion Committee.
The resignation of Mrs. S. Aaron,
formerly Miss Anita Cohen, as assistant
teacher in the Garfield Primary School,
was received and accepted.
The name of the winthrop School was
changed to Bernal School on motion of
Director Murdock.
The resignation of Miss Annette L.
West, assistant teacher in the Lincoln
Evening School, was accepted and Miss
Eliza L. West was appointed to fill the
vacancy.
On motion of Director Knox Miss Mary
M. Murphy was transferred to the princi
palship of the Lc Conte Primary School
and Miss Josephine Sanderson was elected
principal of the Jefferson Primary School.
Fred Boussi and J. Griffin, who had
taken upon themselves the duty of exam
ing the calcimining that lias recently
been done in a number of schools, reported
that in a number of instances the" work
was badly done and asked that the board
investigate the matter.
Director Carew said that the work
had cost the board a large amount of
money, and that if it was badly done the
matter should be looked into and he
moved that the report be referred to a
committee of the whole. This was carried,
the matter being placed in the meantime
in the hands of the Building and Grounds
Committee.
A petition signed by several hundred
residents of the district south of Market
street protesting against the closing of
the Webster School ,was received and i
placed on file. ■
The Classification Committee reported
that a class of children had been sent
from the Crocker Grammar School to the
Dudley Stone Primary School, and that
two sixth-grade classes of pupils and one
teacher had been sent from the Horace
Mann Grammar School to the Haight
Primary School. The committee also made
the following recommendations that were
adopted:
That the sixth-grade pupils in the Fremont
Primary School be transferred to the grammar
schools nearest their residences; ■■ that high
school classes be opened in the Horace Mann
Evening School, Hamilton Evening School and
Washington Evening School; that Miss X H !
Crowley, a teacher of the class in the Rich
mond Evening School, be appointed to the po
sition of principal of said school, without in
crease of salary; that Miss Mary W. Busteed ■
teacher of the class In the Fairmount Evening i
School, be appointed to the position of princi
pal of said school, without increase of salary
that Miss .Hattie L. Leszynsky. at present act
ing as substitute in the place of Miss Fidelia
Jewett, absent from the Girls' High School on !
leave, be appointed an assistant teacher in
that school; that Miss Laura E. Fowler, acting '
principal ot the San Francisco Normal School
be appointed to the position of principal with- I
out increase of salary ; that Mis* 11. M Corlett '
of the day substitute class be appointed a pro- '
bationary teacher in the department and as
signed to the Emerson Primary School to the !
?h a «?ML M M S E V R - . Pett1 S re ™. absent on leave*
tbat Miss May Lamgan of the dny substitute^ !
;«,rdA«s, tEr, \
ol i£ch£ £ * ."'?'>« jWMMed to thi position
high-school class to be formed in the Hamil
ton Evening School; that a new niKh"chool
i^ZA \ IS " ew class in bookkeeping bl
SP»t S *l%i he B " Bln2BS Evening School, and
of^a"he^^he^ m inted tO the posltion j
JSSt Ca **u ni 15 Lennon was elected
]amlress of the Monroe Primary School.
Wine Vaults Robbery.
frank Darragh, the employe in the wine
vaults of Lachman & Jacobi, Second and
Bryant streets, arrested in connection with
the robbery last Saturday of two sacks con
taining $1000, was last night booked at the
City Prison on the charge of grand larceny.
WILL USE CATHODE RAY
Nichols, Who W»» Shot by Maywald
on the Jersey Farm, to Be
the Subject.
8. C. Nichols, the teamster who was
shot in the face on the Jersey farm ranch
on Tuesday morning by Edward May
wald, underwent a surgical probing at
St. Luke's Hospital yesterday for the
purpose of finding and removing the
Winchester bullet wedged in his left
cheek bone.
The surgeons were unable to locate the
leaden messenger tnat was intended for
Superintendent Hawkins, but which en
tered the head of teamster Nichols.
The next process to locate the lead will
be to bring the cathode ray on the part
where the bullet is supposed to be located.
But this will not be done until the patient
is free from the fever brought on by the
snock and also until the danger of erysip
elas has passed.
The cause of the shooting so far as could
be ascertained, prew out of a row between
the ranch hands on the night previous to
tbe shooting, at which encounter May
wald was knocked down and beaten by, as
he supposed, Superintendent Hawkins.
Hence his grudge against the superintend
ent the following morning.
Didn't Ship in a Junk.
Allen M. Pratt, who, a dispatch from San
Diego yesterday morning stated, was supposed
to be a refugee from Ensenada aboard the junk
Petcin, is here in San Francisco. He visited
The Call yesterday, denied the statement*
made in so far as they dealt with him, declared
that he had not left Ensenada dibguised as *
middle-aged German, hod not been aboard the
junk Pc kin, and had not gone to San Pedro,
but had left Ensenada on July 28 on the Pa
checo for San Diego, whence he came to this
City by rail, arriving nere on the 3Oih to ac
cept a position with a large insurance com-
Sftiiy. He says that the records oi the City
[all snow ihut he declared his intention to
become a citizen oi ihe United Mates on
July 21.
DISOBEYED THE COURT.
Charles Ashton Is Very Likely
to Be Committed for
Contempt.
An Omnibus Restraining 0 d?r That
Was Disregarded by a Real
Estate Dea'er.
Charles Ashtorc of the firm of Ashton &
Gardiner, real estate agents, who were
recently sued by Mary L. Sime for an ac
counting of the property of the Sime es
tate, is in a fair way to be committed to
jail for comtempt of court.
The Sime case is on the calendar of De
partment 8 of the Superior Court and was
partially heard by Judge Troutt before
that official left on his vacation. Before
he went away Judge Troutt issued an
order commanding that the entire matter
remain in statu quo until a certain date.
Judge Hebbard, during the absence of his
confrere, also issued an omnibus restrain
ing order commanding sil the parties of
the suit to desist from any interference in
the rstate, either in the collection of rents
of the San Franc^co property or the dis
posal of agricultural products of the So
lano County ranch.
Attorney Aiken, who represents Mrs.
Mary L. Sime, has filed an affidavit stat
ing that nespite these orders of court
Charles Ashton, one of the defendants,
has notiliea two of the City tenants that
rent must be paid to Ashton <fc Gardiner,
and not to the plaintiff, and further that
an attachment has been levied at Ashton's
direction on hay and wheat on the Solane
ranch.
Judge Slack has issued a citation com
manding Ashton to appear before Judge
Hunt on August 14 and show cause why
he should not be punished for contempt
of court in disregarding the orders of
Judges Troutt and Hebbard.
Run Over by a Wagon.
Mrs. M. Thompson of 214 Third street was
crossinz Stockton street at Market yesterday
morning when she was knocked down by a
wagon driven by Harry Rice, employed by the
Fire Department to attend to the hydrants.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospital in
the ambulance. Dr. Rinne lound that she had
a lacerated wound on her forehead and a con
tusion of the right arm and knee. She was
also suffering from the shock to her system.
SEW TO-DAT.
BSFA/^o o
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Private Diseases in both Men
and Women. All diseases of the Eve,
Ear, Head, Throat, Lungs, Btomach. Liver
and Bowels, Kidney. Bladder and Urinary
Troubles. Rupture, Catarrh, Piles, Eczema
and Varicocele treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex scientifically treated and permanently
cured. Loss or partial loss of manly
power and vigor in young, middle-aged or
old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and pre-
mature death quickly and permanently
stopped. Private diseases of every name
anrt nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons the
blood, decays the bones and causes more
physical and mental suffering than any
other known disease thoroughly- and for-
ever cured without mercurial treatment.
HEART. BRAIN, NERVES AND
BLOOD. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathintr and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart; and blood. You ;
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. .
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on " Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
WRITE
Your troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are answered in English, German,
French, Italian, Swedish; Norwegian - and
Danish. ■
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. : Address /
DR; F. L SWEANYj 737 Market St.
till. I. L. UflLHril, SanFranoisco.CH.PETE AND DOLLIE
STILL MISSING,
But Oliver Winfield Win
throp Is Behind the
Bars.
CAMPBELL IN SAN JOSE.
Captain Lees and His Force Are
at Sea in the Latest
Sensation.
V£Ry NAUGHTY TYPEWRITER.
Shs Is Well Remembered by Frederick
W. Brooks' Fellow-Workmen as
His Sweetheart.
Since the arrest of Oliver Winthrop the
police might have been resting on their
oars so far as results are concerned. No
doubt they are working hard to bring in
Winthrop's accomplices just as they
labored to capture Josef Blanther, the
murderer of old Mrs. Lengfeld, who slipped
through their Sneers till he needs to slip
no longer.
In that Blanther case the detective de
partment withheld every item of news for
fear its publication might interfere with
the administration of justice and the cap
ture of the culprit. And only after the
assassin was safely away was the affair
made public.
It is the same in this Campbell '?ase
apparently. The detectives profess to be
anxious to capture the mysterious "Pete,"
btiil they do not care to accept the assist
ance of the newspapers in bringing about
that end.
Yesterday Captain Lees refused most
positively to make public the contents of
the letter signed "Dollie," which was
found fn the possession of O. W. Win
throp when arrested.
The connection between Dollie and
"Pete" is very close in this Campbeli-
Winthrop sensation.
Campbell, if he speaks the truth in
reeard to his kidnaping, heard Winthrop
call the man who wore the mask by the
name of "Pete."
Now it transpires that Winthrop claims
never to have known anybody by that
name. Still, his wife and her sister, Mrs.
Cramer, as well as Winthrop himself,
have repeatedly been heard by dozens of
people to call F. W. Brooks, a brother of
the ladies, and a brother-in-law ot the
man, 'Pete."
This man Brook 3, two days before the
alleged kidnaping of Campbell, disap
peared with |600 belonging to fellow
employes at the Emporium, his type
writer dropping out of eight at the same
time.
Brooke, who is known to be a daring
man and very hard pressed financially,
would be, according to the estimate of his
associates, the very man to undertake
puch an expedition as his brother-in-law,
Winthrop, is accused of leading.
Assuming the story of Campbell to be
correct, his captors fled at the latest one
week ago last night.
The capture of Winthrop in Oakland oc
curred Monday and everything denotes
that his partner "Pete" was not in that
part of the conntry. However, the letter
signed "Dollie" found in Winthrop's
pocket indicates that he and "Pete" were
in communication through the medium
..of that young lady— W. F. Brooks' type
writer who is said to have fled with him.
There are no two ways about it — Win
throp, Dollie and W. F. Brooks, alias
Pete— are very closely connected.
Still, while Captain Lees gave ito"nt that
he had found the "Dollie' letter, he re
fuses to divulge the contents.
Winthrop, the prisoner, says that this
1 'Doliie" letter, like most of the evidence
against him up to date, is a creation of the
police— not a fact, but a fancy.
D. A. Urquhart, the young man from
Oakland, who claims that Winthrop made
him propositions at various times to kid
nap wealthy people, has returned from a
trip to the mines of Plumas County. He
tells how Winthrop unfolded a kidnaping
tcherae to him and how the detective
worked it up.
While Campbell is resting himself in
San Joss a number of his friends have
taken up his end of the present sensation in
this City. As a rule they agree upon one
point, which is that they believe the story
told by him of being kidnaped.
The story told by Douglass, the ex
nteward of the inter-island steamer Like
Like, that Campbell had frequently be
fore told stories of the present kind, is
generally disbelieved. However, it is con
ceded that the millionaire has from time
to time jollied himself with liquor to the
point of being incapable of returning
home for days.
On one occasion quite recently this oc
curred at the Occidental Hotel, when two
stalwart employes were obheed to carry
him to th 6 elevator and lay him down in
his room at the feet of Mrs. Campbell, who
was not slow in delivering him around lec
ture, to which he was perfectly deaf.
There is no doubting the fact that the
Hawaiian planter is the leading commer
cial and financial man of tiie islands.
Every man from there tells of his posses
sions and tbeir talk indicates his influence,
for anything they say in regard to his
jet penchants is told in whispers and
with the proviso that the speaker's name
be not mentioned. Campbell's income
last year was no less than $14^,000 derived
from his ownership of the ice plant,
gasaght, electric licht and tram way sys
tem of Honolulu, and the rental of his
many acres of sugarcane land to the mis
sionaries. It was not much over thirty
days ago that the lobby of the Occidental
Hotel was decorated with a huge block of
ico in which could be seen a half dozen
beautiful Hawaiian fish frozen there at
the ice company's works in Honolulu and
Bent by steamer to the millionaire.
CRAMER IS RETICENT.
He Refuses to Explain Wlnthrop's
Correspondence With
Him.
Frederick Cramer, the man to whom the
letter, traces cf which were found on titt
blotter in Winthrop'sroom, was addressed,
► is special delivery clerk at the main Post
office. Cramer h a brother-in-law of Win
throp, aud the traces of the letter found
on the blotter seemed to indicate that
through Cramer Winthrop was corre
sponding with bis wife during his evasion
M.«*«OSE CAH.U. MlSi. GRACE LOCKWOOD
These Were the Names of the Two Pretty Brides Yesterday Morning. Miss Cahill's Name Is Now
Mrs. Harry Llewellyn Money and Friends Must Look for Miss Lockwood Under the Title
of Mrs. George Rivers.
of the authorities. When asked in regard
to Cramer, Winthrop vowed that he re
sided in San Francisco. Cramer's fellow
employes yesterday declared he lived in
Alameda.
Cramer himself absolutely refused to
mate any statement. "I have no ill feel
ing toward newspaper reporters," h e de
clared magnanimously, '-and I have
nothing to fear from them. I have de
cided, however, not to make any state
ment whatever, and do not intend to
depart from it."
AT TIMES HE TIPPLED.
C. W. Ashford Says Campbell Did
Not Have Any Hallucina
tions.
Clarence W. Ashford, the attorney, was
for a number of years a resident of Hawaii
and claims to have known Campbell quite
intimately.
"The stories of Campbell's drinking and
hallucinations," he declared, "are out
rageous. For fourteen years I knew
Campbell well and during that time I
never knew him to drink. He may pos
sibly have taken an occasional drink, but
I don't believe in that period he was ever
intoxicated. Campbell is as straight as a
string. His word is as good as his oath,
and no man's oath is better.
"The statement made by Douglass is
false from beginning to end. Douglass
states that he worked under Campbell
while the latter was serving the Govern
ment. As a matter of fact Campbell
never served the Government in any
capacity except as a noble for a short
while.
"I understand that Douglass was a hack
driver or something of that kind in Hono
lulu, and was considered about half
witted. You Rill not find any responsible
man from the islands who will indorse
his -statements in regard to Campbell's
habits.
"The only time I ever saw Campbell
under the influence of liquor was in this
City a lew weeKa ago. Tnen he was on a
spree for two or three days. I know, for I
saw him, and was rather shocked at it,
knowing his habits as I do. I understand
he once drank heavily, but that was before
I knew him, and I have Known him for
over fourteen years."
QUIET AND CONSERVATIVE
Frederick Wundenberg Says Camp- ;
bell Does Not Co on Sprees
at Home.
Frederick Wundenberg, one of the most
prominent men of the islands, is at present
staying at the Palmetto on Ellis street.
Mr. Wundenberg has known Mr, Camp
beil, he says, for twenty-five or thirty
yeara, and be .'.enounces the story that
Campbell is in the habit of going on pro
miscuous sprees and returning with blood
curdling stories as infamous.
"James Campbeil is one of our leading
men," he declared, "and his word would
be taken in the islands for anything.
''The statements of that man Douglass
are false on their face. The line of steam
ships he says Campbell ran for the Gov
ernment never belonged to the Govern- j
ment, and Campbell never ran that line, |
nor did he ever work for the Government.
All that Campbell has he made by his own
exertions and shrewdness. Many years
ago when he was a hard -working man I
understood he drank some, but since he
has been successful aud prominent he has
been a non-drinking man. He is a con
servative, quiet man, universally re
spected, and many of the statements at
tributed to Douglass must have been the
result of animus.
THEY KNEW HER WELL.
Recollections The Emporium Em
ployes Have of Miss Dollie
Parmelee.
The employes about The Emporium,
that is, the ones that came within his
jurisdiction as chief janitor, are very bit
ter toward P. W. Brooks. Tne $600 he
should have paid over to them as their
month's wages and wbicn he took away
had been earned by hard work. Of course,
these men remember now many little
points that escaped their notice about
Brooks before he "did them up" as they
call it.
In speaking of Brooks yesterday, one of
them remarked that "Nosey" as be was
commonly termed, would do anything dis
reputable.
"One night," he added, "his wife and a
couple of their little children came here
to plead with him for a little money with
which to eat. He said he had none with
him, but would go to the office aud get a
couple of doilars. He left the poor things
waiting for him and went up one elevator
only to come down another and meet a
'tall blonde woman, witu whom he always
left, the building at night. That is the
last the wife and babies saw of him. 1 '
Dollie is the name of the young woman.
She had worked for Brooks as typewriter
in room 708, Spreckels building, where
Brooks was general manager of the Mer
chants' Hign and Window Cleaning Corn
pan} 7 , which was composed of himself and
Miss Dollie.
The office is deserted now, and the
elevator-boy alone of those in the building
remembers Brooks and a young lady
whom he knew as Miss Parmelee.
Brooks occupied a room at 810 Mission
street just prior to his disappearance, but
he spent much of his time in Company
C's armory, N. G. C, on Eddy street.
At the time when Mrs. Brooks first
found her husband lacking she also dis
covered tnat the tall Doliie was a constant
companion of his, and in her application
for divorce she made that young lady
figure quue prominently.
WILL ASSIST THE ALIBI.
A Shoemaker Calls on Winthrop to
Volunteer His Testimony.
H. J. Bess, a cobbler employed in a
shoD at 204 Powell street, was among
Winthrop's visitors yesterday.
The acquaintance of Hess and Winthrop
dates back to a period about nine months
ago, when the latter was manager of an
employment office at 210 Powell street.
After a couple of months in the employ
ment business Winthrop retired, but since
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
that time he has Deen a frequent visitor to
the shop where Hess was employed.
Hess waited upon Winthrop to apprise
him that he was possessed of information
which would be of value to Winthrop in
establishing his alibi. Just what this in
formation is Hess declined to state, de
claring he would tell, nothing until he fjot
on the witness stand. He intimated,
however, that he had seen Winthrop dur
ine the time he is alleged to have been
guarding Campbell in the California-street
house. Hess says be does not know just
how important his information is, but he
thinks jt probable thai it may bs an im
portant feature in the defense. Anyway,
he says Winthrop told him he would
probably be called upon to testify.
URQUHART HOME AGAIN.
He Tells How Winthrop Unfolded
a Kidnaping: Scheme to
Him.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— Archibald
Urquhart did not arrive from Plumas
County last night, but came down this
morning. He went direct to Captain Lees
in San Francisco and then returned at
once to his home in this city.
"After my experience of a couple of
years ago," said Mr. Urquhart to-night,
"I was naturally very suspicious of Win
throp. He sometimes said things that
appeared so wiid that I used to think he
was joking. At one time he told me that
he tnoaght he would make a raise of
money by abducting some women high in
society. He said that if they thought
they were in fear of death they could be
easily prevailed upon to give large sums
of money for their liberty. 1 do not're
member their names, although I believe
he mentioned some of them to me. I
thought he was simply talking for talk
ing's sake, and never dreamed for a mo
ment that he was in earnest, but I believe
now that he was.
"One evening, while sitting in the Occi
dental Hotel, Winthrop came and sat
alongside of me. He entered into conver
sation with me, and as we were talking
Mr. Campbell passed toward the elevator.
Winthrop said it would be a good thing to
kidnap the old man, and suggested that if
he were deprived of hi 3 liberty and made
to understand that it might come un
expectedly he would probably be worth a
good. round sum. This was said after I
had told him who Campbell was, and how
he had gone to Honolulu with only $4 and
was now worth as many millions.
"After he had told me his fairy tai? I
thought he was simply joking and laugued
at the scheme in which he invited me to
join him. He did not press it when he
saw the way in which I took it.
"The day that Campbell was missine I
was talking to a friend named George
Koch, a mining man, ar.d I told him all
that Wint! rop had said. The next day
I learned that Detective Curtin was work
ing on the case, and so I went to him, at
the suggestion of Koch, ana told him all
; that I knew. He followed my clew and
was at work on it when Campbell reap
peared. 1 went to Lees on Thursday
morning of last week with Curtin and re
peated the story which I had told to
Koch and Curtin. Lees knew that I was
going to Plumas County on Thursday
afternoon.
"I am glad that I told the conversation
with Winthrop and his wild remarks to
Mr. Koch when 1 did. As soon as I re
turned this morning I went to Captain
Lees and made a formal statement of
everything I knew about the case. I went
into every detail. Up to Tuesday morn
ing I took little stock in the plotting of
Winthrop, but I realized then that he
must have abducted Campbell, and, know
ing that the old man was jeopardized by
being in such bands, I went to Curtin at
once. lam glad that 1 acted as I did, for
I know how uncharitable the public can
be."
Urquhart lives at 1270 Fifth avenue,
Oakland.
•
Did Not Open Graves.
Wintbrop was seen last nigbt and asked
if there was any truth in the story in an
evening paper charging him with reopen
ing graves in the Laurel Hill Cemetery,
removing the coffins to another part of the
cemetory ana reselling the plat for his own
benefit. One case was given as that of
Gunar. a son of Soren Olson, engineer for
the California-street Railroad Company.
He at once said vehemently, "It a
lie," and then he said he would prefer not
to say anything till he had an oppor
tunity of carefully reading the article
which he had not seen. He hinted that
he might make th« paper try to prove its
assertions in the courts.
New Corporation!.
The American Storage Battery Company was
yesterday incorporated by William T. Bell, T.
Z. Hardee, E. M. Massey, B. H. Bancroft and
C. S. Preble. The capital stock is $25,000, of
which $50 has been bubscribed.
Frank B. Wiley, I. Le Roy Mansfield, W. H.
Spencer, J.C.Donahue and James McKenna
hkve incorporated the Educational Map Manu
facturing Company. The capital stock is
$20,000, of which $50 has been subscribed.
The Pncitic Nail Company was incorporated
by John L. Howard, W. Y. Kellogg, John R.
Sprint?, Sanford Sachs and A. Dallemand. The
ciipital stock is $100,000, of which $40,000
haii been subscribed.
John Teggart, K. E. Bush, J..E. Cullen, A. W.
Matthews and John Reid incorporated the
Consolidated Oil and Development Company
with a capital stock of $50,000, of which $500
has been subscribed.
» # — «
Charles Wingerter'g Estate.
The estate of Charles Joseph Wingerter has
been appraised at $327,632 04, most of
which is real estate.
He owned Kearny-street property valued at
$63,000, Stockton-street property worth $70,
--000, Leaven worth-street real estate worth
$23,000, Fillmore-street property worth $10,
--000, Sacramento-street property worth $45,
--000, Pierce-street property worth $25,000,
Jackson-street property worth $46,000, Pacific
avenue property worthslß,ooo and other minor
pieces aggregating $800. He also had $26 -
779 73 in the Humboldt Savings and Loan
Society's Bank.
i; • — » — «
Peerless Club Officers.
At a meeting held by the Peerless Athletic
Club the following officers were elected : Presi
dent Arthur G. Hewitt; first vice-president,
Ad Dahler; second vice-president, A. W. Bent
tie; secretary. M. Jost; treasurer, L. Turner;
sergeant-nt-arms. F. McLeod; executive com
mittee—L Turkelson, V. Pedlar, P. Castlehun.
The club is prospering greatly, and on the 22d
of this month a high jinks will be given to cel
ebrate the second anniv ersary of its existence-
CUPID A KING
IN OLD BOHEMIA,
Two Gay Weddings Cele
brated at the Winches
ter House.
KINDRED SPIRITS MEET
Harry L. Money and Miss Grace
Lockwood Become Man
and Wife.
THE YEAE'S MAREIAGE RECORD
It Was Twenty-Seven Last Year — The
Rivers-Cahill Nuptials— G.nial
Souls.
The headquarters of Bohemia yesterday
seemed to be at the Winchester House, 44
Third street. It was the scene of the wed
ding festivities of two young and merry
couples. Miss Rose Cabill of Chico be
came the wife of George Rivers, the pro
prietor of the Grand Hotel at Redwood
City, and Harry Lewellyn Money, the
comedian, professionally known as Harry
Lewellyn, took for his wife "in life and
death, in sickness and in health, for better
or for worse," Miss Grace Lockwood, the
charming young soubrette.
It was an occasion of much merriment,
and the wit, beauty and versatility of the
far-famed bohemians were well repre
sented. Actors and actresses weie there —
comedians and tragedians, not to mention
professional men, musicians, society folks
and men about town. To say that they
enjoyed themselves is, perhaps, super
fluous, for whenever such distinct yet
congenial spirits get together they always
do make the most of it.
The Winchester House, owned by Ed
ward Rolkin, is managed by John Durell
and wife, themselves popular disciples of
Thespis, and consequently draws a big
share of theatrical patronage. During the
la9t year twenty-seven weddings have
been "celebrated at this house. For this
reason it is considered by fun-loving
guests a desirable house in which to be
located.
The Rivers-Cahill wedding ceremony
was performed at St. Mary's Cathedral,
both of the parties being Catholics, by
the Rev. Father Mulligan. It was at the
noon hour yesterday. The bride, a beau
tiful blonde, was dressed in white satin,
with diamonds and orange blossoms as
ornaments. It was a quiet, unostentatious
wedding. W. R. Paricer of Alameda was
the best man and the bride's mauls were
Miss Pearl Durell and Charlotte Eilis.
The ceremony making Harry L. Money
and Grace Lockwood man and wife was
performed by the Rev. Dr. Erriott, a Pres
byterian clergyman, in the parlors of the
Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. Durell offici
ated as best man and bridesmaid re
spectively. It was at 12 m.. the same
hour as that of the Rivers-Cahill wedding
at St. Mary's Cathedral.
Upon the conclusion of the ceremonies
of the two weddings the parties assembled
in the dining hall of the Winchester for
breakfast. Both of the weddings were
pink and white, the color of the bouquets
being pink and that of the dresses white.
A feature of the decorations of the dining
hall was a big wedding bell of sweet peas,
the graceful tribute of Mrs. John Durell.
After the feast there were songs by Miss
Nina Cook, the talented child artist,
banjo and mandolin selections by Pearl
Durell and Will Parker, with piano ac
companiment by Miss Ellis. Everybody
was free and happy, and the hours passed
all too qnickly.
Among the guests present were: Dr. L.
G. Yates, Dr. West, Mr. and Mrs. John
Durell, Miss Pearl Durell, Miss Nina Cook,
Miss Charlotte Ellis, Mr. and Mrs. Miller,
Miss Fairbanks and others.
Harry lewellyn, with bis bride, will
soon leave here for Los Angeles, to till a
professional engagement at the Burbank
Theater; and Mr. and Mm. Rivers will «o
to Chico on a visit to the bride's parents.
JIM CORBETT ANXIOUS.
Never Felt Better in_ His Life, but
Wants the Coast's Opinion of
His Late Fight.
James J. Corbett, entitled the world's
champion pugilist, is anxious. The little
bout he had with Woodß at Cripple Creek
a few days ago is evidently resting heavily
on his mind, as Jim is very eager to know
what his Pacific Coast friends think of the
performance.
Harry Corbett received a telegram from
his biother yesterday. Jim says he never
felt better in his life, and ends with a
query as to what iocal papers had to say
in regard to his bout with Woods. He
will receive solace shortly in the shape of
a few clippings from the papers them
selves.
Corbett will stay in Chicago a short time
and then proceed to New York, where
another sojourn of two days will be made.
From there they will go to the champion's
home at Asbury Park, where active train
ing for James J.s contest with Suarkey
will begin.
Captain Warren Exonerated.
Orders have been issued publishing the find
ings of the court-martial which tried Captain
F. W. Warren, Company H, First Infantry, N.
ti. C, for false muster. Ue was declared not
euilty on both the charges and the single spe
cification and the findings were promptly ap
proved by General Wartield. The result was
no surprise, as Captain Warren aud his friends
expected it from the first.
There will be an election in Company H- on
August 24 for first end second lieutenants
First Lieutenant Middletou li h ying been pro
moted and Second Lieutenant West's term hav
ing expired.
MURPHY WAS ARRESTED.
An Ex-Saloon-Keeper Charged With
Trying to Defraud His Creditors.
T. C. Murphy, who formerly kept a
saloon at 1501 fcarket street, attempted to
start for his childhood's home in Ireland
on Tuesday evening after having sold out
his place of business, but was suddenly in
terrupted in his journey by a Deputy
Sheriff and an order of arrest signed by
Justice of the Peace Groezinser.
It appears that before buying his tickets
Murphy neelected to settle some accounts
with his creditors, aggregating $287 87,
and that these inconsiderate persons in
sisted that their claims should be paid.
To make sure that the matter should be
carried out to their satisfaction they
charged Murphy with an attempt to de
fraud his creditors, and caught him just in
time. Justice Groezinger committed the
ex-saloon-keeper, pending the trial of
suits that have been begun against him on
a settlement of the claims.
The Travelers' Association.
"The San Francisco Commercial Travelers'
Association" met in Shiels' building, 32 O'Far
rell street, on Tuesday night. There was a bi?
gathering of City salesmen, representing the
largest and most prominent firms in almost
every line. The association has just been or
ganized and, judging from the turnout of
members and the enthusiasm shown, it is safe
to predict success. The election of officers
was the principal business, the following
gentlemen being elected for the ensuing year :
President, Sherman T. Blake, with Sherwood
& Sherwood; vice-president, E. Dunn, with
Western Meat Company; secretary, Alex
McDonald, with J. A. Folger & Co.; financial
secretary, L. L. Dobbs, with Yosemite Flour
Mills; treasurer, Harry Roessler, with William
Clufi Company; sergeant-at-arms, W. R. Chari
ton, with G. AY. Lucy & Co. ; sergeant-at-arms,
B. G. Fredericks, with Marshall, Te^gart & Co.
Executive committee— T. L. Fleming, with M.
J. Brandenstein & Co.; John H. Horstmann,
with Brttrham, Hoppe A Co.; James Mer^hon,
with Stockton Milling Company; M. A. Mendel
sen, with Standard ,-oap Company; W. C.
Greenfieid, with M. J. Brandenstein & Co.
Committee on membership — H. H. Becker,
with M. J. Brandenstein & Co. ; C. E. Tiirrant,
with Sussman, Worin.-er & Co.; F. H. Glass,
with Del Monte Mills.
NEW TODAT.
Sexual and Nervous Power, Strong
-Mind and Body Can Be Renewed in
Weak, Failing Men by Dr. Sitnden'g
Electric Beit. If Ton Have Tried All
Other Remedies and Failed to Get
Cured, Do Not Despair. There Is a
Cure for Yon. Only Spare Time to
Investigate It. It Is Certain. Abso-
lute. Krad the Book " Three Classe*
of Men."
■ This is the age of physical perfection.
It is also the age of physical imbecility.
While this man avails himself of every
opportunity to develop and expand his
manly vigor, that one is passing his
chances to improve his mind and body,
»nd easily falls into the excesses which
are always in his path, to the destruction
of his vital powers.
How great is your admiration of a San-
dowl A Hercules of physical manhood.
The very foundation of this physical
manhood is nerve, or vital force. It is
easily wasted by excesses or early indis-
cretion.
11 Pounds in 28 Days.
ANGELS CAMP, August 7, 1896.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Sir : It is over a month
since I commenced to wear your Belt, and it has
made a great change in my condition. I have
gained eleven pounds In twenty-eight days.
When I started to wear your belt I was so run
down that I had to give up work and was hav-
ing from five to seven emissions every week.
The belt stopped the losses in four days, and I
have hart none since. I took up my duty at the
engine after wearing the belt a week and have
not lost an hour since. My father has been
wearing the belt from three to four hours a
day, and is now able to put his hands above
his head, something he has not been able to do
for forty-five years, and he never tires of tell-
ing the people of the good the belt has done
for him. As for me, I would not take all the
gold in the country for my belt and go back to
the condition I was in two months ago, if. I
could not get another one like it. I cannot
speak too highly of your belt and the good it
has done me. 1 remain yours gratefully. -
J. L. TIBERGHEIN.
No man can attain physical or muscular
perfection while there is any want of vital
force. It is the grit, the vim, the "ginger"
which supports the powers of endurance,
and the command of latent physical
strength.
Every man knows himself. He knows
where he is weak. Knowing it, if he is
true to himself, he will try to recover the
vital power he has wasted.
The source of all physical power is in
the nerves. The life of the nerves is elec-
tricity. So says science. Man, if you lack
any of the elements of manhood, will you
barter your future happiness any further
by letting this chance pass? Be one of
the progressive men. Perfect your man-
hood, physically, sexually, mentally.
A steady, even flow of electricity into your
body for several i ours at night will bring
new life to the nerves, and from them to
the whole body. The brain will be re-
freshed, the nerves strong, quick and ac-
tive, and every organ of your body wilt'
expand and develop in force and vitality.
It will, in three months, renew perfect
manly vigor in every part. It is as good
for women as for men.
A permanent cure is guaranteed or
money refunded in ull weaknesses of men.
A pocket edition of the celebrated electro-
medical work, "Three Classes of Men,"
illustrated, is sent free, sealed, by mail
upon application. Every young, middle-
aged or old man suffering the slightest
weakness should read it. It will point out
an EASY, SURE AND SPEEDY WAY
TO REGAIN STRENGTH AND HEALTH
WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE HAS
FAILED. . v :
Be a man. Lay aside prejudice caused
by the broken promises of quackery. Get
the book and write to the men who volun-
tarily offer their names. Then act as your
own judgment dictates. Don't put ii off.
Write or call to-day. Address
SANDEN bLECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Franclsoo,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Oillca noun; * *. M. M
fc:SO P. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1. . -\
Comulti*ion Free and Invited.
, OFFICES AT:
! JjOS ELKS, CAL., I PORTLAND, OK.,
i .Wi bomb Broad way. 1 253 . \Vtt3lilonwji at real.
TlJhen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
(Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the CJ^jCjC.
HIGHLAND_SPRINGS. pf^^^'
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS. ;"3§itoSp£«-- AT Jl^s^So^
Good Climate and the Greatest Vat -^^^S^^S^^&^^f'
f^th^n lae3t Mlneral SPrineS TT KEXCE^KD FISHING,' DELIGHTFUL
in 188 worm. ■ .. \j coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
tail season opens Aii«ust«ls. 1-inest bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
dining-room and table north of San Fran- cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
Cisco Good hunting, bathing boating , SE^^s^i»%£ I /?SK" "^
ana nsning. For full lnforcwtioti, illustrated pamphlets aai
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK. j TRANSPORTATION CO,
or full particulars address 22a South Spring st., Los Angeles. CaL
tEE D. CI?AXG,
• h,  7s7™i t; ' lS c? >ETNA SPRINGS
Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
P .j— nnT „„,,.„, There is healinir In the waters (for rheumatism,
nfm a 1 i^^ Hli 5 springs, malaria, nervousness, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc.):
BHBJBa 1 V I I Montere y co" n - there is life in the air. Swlmmlne-tMii. tub and
W* %\ fr€ 01 I I a .' V ' a l' ~ . steam baths, fine hot.!, amusements. Itaios, $10
y MIII4EI B i S3 ( . ar!sba ' ! ,. of toiUU. 'lake 7a.mB. P. train for S:. Helena:
B aBH 18 B S&? m r r ,! cil 7 , or sta ~ e '■"fleets »i 10 a. m. Unllmlcel rounrt-tnp
•■•-:■- health,rest,pleas- tickets. S7. l'articulars at 318 Batterr, or W. L.
lire, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower jhtchi' l,l.., l.ldell 1' 0.. N«i>a County. CaU
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge vi i.'iMJ. 1 , ■w»»pjni»» m »—^—
baths, hot sulphur tub and swinamlne tanks, mas- -----""-— — t^i,* ■■■*■'■ ■-it-itt-^" -r ~
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's !
jilaypround. croquet and dance hall for families £»fl jHS I B !\3 "I" H3 11 BJ f% WM *??
Puraiso stands unsurpassed In the Mate. Plenty iol 33 B ■ JiH I fefl 318 nlßHir*
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third ; IIIWWH I BHiBIV llWllllaa
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. m. I . •
dally, for Holedad; Keturn-trip ticket, Seven i The RcMnlsad KhiiiMv Snminnr Ro.nrf
milts by stage. Telephone and Postoui'-e. For * " j,? C , he s«nta C- v V, .uitaiii!
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements lot I „ 111 tne Santa CJU * Mountain.
1896, address K. ROBKKTsON, Manager. Health, pleasure, swlmmin;, fishing and hnnt-
* . inc. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
I excellent. Climate unsurpassed. send for souvo-
H'l Dl C'ATkl C'DDTVfit.l ! nir - >ta * e at MaUrone every Monday. Vv'ednes-
\ll 1 XliSi i M iaSi\SliS day and Saturday after June 1. connecting witn
11.11.1 WVI/Xl Ul lli:i W.lj train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
California', Fa.nou, Mountain Spa! VIC yo.NCKLKT. Ll.gas, Cal.
HATKYooBKK^THmUmY; SEIQLER SPRINGS,
3000 feet above Napa Valley. Cltraati unsnr- j LIKK COUNTY.
paused. Views magnificent. j Table supplied from | pOPTLAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THR
orchard and ocean. field and farm. Hot and cold i X year round. Telephone connections. Ronnd-
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Poitoffloe. i trip tickets at Southern Pacify offices, $10: special
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet, conveyance dally. For inforn address JOHN
swings and hammocks. New improvements every t-PAULDING. Selgler Springs, Lake County, CaL
year. Gas and running water in every room- Re- ' ■
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM- _..._. . „ . „ ..,„., „-„«
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil- : BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT.
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest. KTBW HOTKI* .NOW OPEX; MANY NEW
Address AN I»KKW Jackson, N»pa soda -springs 1\ improvements for the entertainment of guests:
f. *-*• ■ the pavilion built over the water; naphtha launch,
™* ! ; e:c. ; good fishing- and bunting. Address CARL
. __..-. .1 i MEYER, Bertha P. 0., .Lake to. Do not address
— .ujL^L ijalaj 1 ,*1 Fill Al*l " lue Lakes -
~jjog£2VSt3>£* IlvlVl VU'pilUlU* i TTOTELPKLMAK-ON'THE SEASHORE: 20
EL'ajLLLl'i' - V» "SO*! . , . XJL minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
hrii'h'. ■■";.qil£« 'ill* V 4 Miles l-a«t of c t; tabla unexcelled: surf bathing: Bailing, row-
JKiir' ; 'iTriDjia iijp|amr? Santa Cruz. i inc. fishing: buses meet all trains; children, $3
him On 1 1 L u^m=??- rT Ote i at water's fro- to $6 per week; adults. $9 per week: special ratal
. " "~ 4 -/ UKPBCKN * TEKRY. ! »-*■*"■*»*•■ = : :
■> ■ ■ -2 — l Lessees. TIOTEIi VICTORIA. SO.VORA, CAL,, THE
CaDitola. CaL "■ gem of the mountains, famed for its eauable
; v ' j and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
I derland; altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
WHEN ITkTIAH : health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
VISITING Ulxinll , the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
STOP AT THE order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. M.OH-
DAI AfC HOTPI | RISO.N-. lessee. '
rALACt iIU I CL. ; piverside RANCH— ON the BANKS OK
XV. n. FOSSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS, | it Kel Klver. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men- .
! mh is r« ti re vpirvsT T a avn ri.-*;t : <l°cino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
-1 T hiw l in Ukiih and it is lieaL^arJeM to^ ; tisco: tlslllnir ' hu » tin *. '« ' ihi »« nnd boating v«.
1 hotel m Lkiah, and It is aeauciuartera to. Burpa , ae(J . Term*. #7 per week. Excellent tabUi
! l °S{* B ,*.to.il«..oK. and other place, arrive- at '.
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to am* from | bm^^-f-ii--. rotter vaney, aiennouno iount>.
all trains. Baggaga transferred free of charge. i . T BELMOXT, SAN JIATEO COUNTY '
....■• ' ~ : ~ jA. board for summer mo.iths; private family; ,
_ - - «(« _*•• &,.&■■• jk & i beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
I Wil 19 rI ODUIrIOO I station: 1 hour fm city. MRS. HAXSEX.BeImonu
I I \ I 8 Ini^llßinil^i^ I A NIT A VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
L I 3 6 Ull VI llll«yiU« A Mountains: tine family resort. J. HAES-
bOMOMA COOK*'*. TKRs, proprietor.
"— — - i CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
AN IDEAL FLACK FOR nF.ALTH. REST , \j WEEKLY CALL, sent to r.ny address in the
AND PLEASURE: no staging; V 2 - mile from United States or Canada one year for SI 50. post-
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the ; aco free.
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser , ' —— — — — ■— ■*—^^—
Soda springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table h'rst-class. Send for circulars. < , >Wv am It D *'
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, fk I'' UfaN'Rlll'
PECRKATTON, REST AND HOME FOR IX- hIIU IVI1 V 1 __%
Xt vailds, consisting of lance main bulletins, cot- Hat "•■■ B- RW.
tage^' and tents on mountainsideoverlookingXapa' ■*■ ___ . , ** H
Valley. .Steam heat, elevator, call bells and night-: \&l urn A wm S- /& ft OF^ -|L
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated rmsf «3 3 fit Em v<*Q
and bieam baths are among the remedial agents. Mm JLc. St &jl *■ fc^t
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful uiouo BJOfiL oHPfifl %
I tain walks are among the amusements, i'ure wm* m mma^im IB fes \i
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda- I
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.; j
PLANTATION BOUSE. li, p, M
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line. | ** * •
Good trout FisHixG, plenty fruit. See that the hat you
cream and milk ; free conveyance for parties of rf
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address wear YISIS a
JOSEPH LUTI'RIXGEK, .Seaview, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., Saa Fran- . nTJ*l9(lTr)() Tin
Cisco, for particulars. . oTAUNTUN TIP.
ASTORG JQEUL WATER. ZZVV^IZ
rTIHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
X cures most any disease cf long standing; cured _r» m ■ Bill n a ■ II a*V /N
hundreds; recommended by thousands in four 8." 1 £1 vI RI I R 8 jab _B II I V
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG, 103 \ I si aIiV I 1 lla wn ?J i \L
Fifth st., sole proprietor. The greatest medicinal CLj I Pi EJ 1 « I L 3 1 Ilfl I Ul
and curative water in California. .: ,■ V I ll¥<l ' I ¥•• .■■■ 1 ■ W ■
THE GEYSERS, 95C tO $2.50.
UNDER >*•- XV JIAXAGE3IKNT. tup m » m r ri 1 a n * WTCCC
RATES $2 TO $2 50 PER DAY, $3 TO $14 PER THE IN A Alb UUAKAIN I CC3
XV week; all baths free. TU c „.,,. ,1V
W. H. HARRON. Proprietor. THE QUALI IV-------
MAQNETIC_SPRINGS. , PUT YOUR
IN THE HEART OK THE SANTA CRUZ '"'«»■-»* »-v _ _ t"" ■
X Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt- I— l L_, All I |VI
Ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets P 1 I t~\ 17 I 1 'I
morning tram: terms $7 up. Address JOSEPH . . -
LixpsEY, Gienwood, caL - Qne of them, and see how com-
-IADROKE MINERAL SPRWGS Portable it feels, how dressed you
WILL BE OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE look. Alfd Still yOU have
year. Waters sure cure for all stomach) and
urinary troubles. Send for analysis and descrip- -mm it
tive pamphlet. Adaress Madrono Mineral Springs, ft/a f\ «-% Pf\.7 "Tf\ r%lll*fl
Madrone," *anla Clara County, Cal. XYiUIICjK tU L 7141 11
SASTA CiTALINA ISLAJI). QLOV es, sr^T
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896. ci Tcr»civjr»cr»c cr\v
ZAUN'S telegraph pigeon service daily, con- 3U3rCIiUCK3i SUA,
necting the island with the wires of the world. -';■ CCtl I ADC fllFP^
SARATOGA SPRINGS, and other necessities, which
LAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER __, _„_ 4lr . A ;_, __
XJ resort in State; 8 different springs: good fish- yOU Can Una in OUT _
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates _, _ _ _ _ ■
flOperweek and upward: table unexcelled: hard- FURNISHING GOODS
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach- rUl\niOlunU UV7VL/>3
elorP.O.,l.akeCo.,C a L -. .. , ■• DEPARTMENT.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS, ttrT^ —
EM WICK, SISKIYOLJ' COUNTY, CAL., A r7 A—. « f * / \*»
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud auj L^VITt r /S fjf /* >TT
oulphur batus. W%/H/ i/%Jr
EDSON BROS., Proprietors. &*T*% *mm+^2^**^ m
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN S A X JOSE: PLEASANT *¥ IH4I W
O rooms; lanjtj grounds; fruit, aud flowers. Ad mVU*^
BB Tr / <^r f^f ffSflT tZ&i (Si tion 01 a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
Ilh -\*\ "TV vons or the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood.
Tj "^" f*\ m^t -*Vv St *' on 0I a '»naous French physician, will quickly cure you of oil ner-
\V\ /■ \ } \*\ ~ \\ vons or diseases of the generative organg, such as Lost Manhood,
HS : £jml : Vi r£i*-L} Insomnia,l*ains la the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility,
§3 I B^^L T Pimples, Unlitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Yaricocele and
bM yr<.-jri "V -/ Constipation. . It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick-
•e3 ' x *«' • V^a^^/ Dessoi discharge, which if not checlcpd leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE aFT FO all the horrors of Impotence. CUPinEJfE cleaasea theliver, Utt
H BtruHt * ND , tH kidneys and (henrinaryorgansof ail impurities.
■■ CCPIDEJfE strengthens and restores small weak organs. #
The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Prostat iti>. CUPIDENE is the only remedy to cure without an opt ration. 500Ot#stimonl.
: als. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes doe 3 not effect a permanent caret '
. fLOO a box, six fur 5.00, by-mall. Send for circular ani testimonials.
~ Address OAVOIi M.J&DICINJ£ CO.» 1170 Market street, Ban Francisco, CaL Forsaleby
tilOOKa' i-UAiiJiAtV, 11» PoweU straw.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Another decline in Silver.
All Cereals rule dull.
FeedstuffM uuchanged.
Hay In large receipt.
Potatoes and Onion 3 weak.
Vegetables in heavy supply.
Butter and Kjjgs continue weak.
Cheese firm.
Poultry easy.
Fresh Fruit plentiful.
Citru* Fruits lower.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Exports continue to increase.
Exports of Produce.
Exports of produce from San Francisco, by sea,
during the first seven months of 1896 were $18,
--422,900, against $16,436,600 during the same time
last year. Of this year's exports $5,046,600 went
to Great Britain. $2,247,500 to Australia, $2,029,
--700 10 Central America, $1,879,300 to the
Hawaiian Islands, $1,602,(100 to New York, $1,
--392,300 to China, and $1,355,300 to Japan.
Silver Shiiiments from London.
During the first seven months of the year, silver
shipments from London to Africa, India and the
Straits were £3,005.523. against £3,795,500 during
the same time in 1895. India has taken £1,913,
--578 this year, a decrease of £280,000. China has
taken £574,413, or only a little over one-half of
the amount taken in 1895. The shipments to the
Straits are about the same as last year. '
t*
it nation.
The arrow flies with "he wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
ralniall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours, isobars, or solid
lines. connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means hitch barometric pressure and
Is usually •coompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to' low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" all}- first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the Interior
and low along Hie coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmef
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
ill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUKEAU REPORT.
United States Department of agricul
ture, WKATHKR BUREAtT, -iAN FRANCISCO, Aug.
12, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations la California to-day:
Eureka 68, Fresno 96, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
98. San Luis Obispo 74, Yuma 108, San Francisco
67. Los Angeles 82.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 67,
minimum 58, mean 62.
The pressure is highest this evening in the
vicinity of Vancouver and in the Dafcotas. It is
lowest in Arizona. Fair weather prevails through
out the region west of the Rocky Mountains,
and unusually warm weather Is reported from the
plateau region between the Rocky Mountains and
the Sierra Cascade range.
Forecast male at Sa 1 Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight August 18, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
westerly winds
southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
westerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
bris<c to high westerly winds.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
SEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. Stocks to-day
were lower. The feeble response made by London
to the sharp advance here yesterday was a disap
pointment to the professional element, and as
London was seller to the extent of nearly 15.000
shares the entire list ran off anywhere from V* to j
'_' percent. Local traders who turned bullish, find- j
ing little demand for stocks even from the shorts,
also sold, and in the absence of support tbe de
cline noted was quickly accomplished. The heavi
ness of Manhattan was a special feature of the
day's opera ion. The stock opened */ 4 per cent
lower at 78.4, broke to 74%, rallied to 75% and
closed at the lowi-sl figure.
The reports current for a long time aboutloss of
passenger traffic, on which extensions by the sur
face railroads and a probable reduction in divi
dends by the company were revived again to-day
and with effect so far as the price of Manhattan is
concerned. Louisville and Nashville dropped
about 2 points to 38% ; the loss in earnings for the
first weeK of August having had an unfavorable
Influence. The failure to settle the rate war in the
South was also used against the stock. Reports of
troubles in commercial circles and the assignment
of an old member of the stock Exchange helped
the bear* in their work of depressing prices.
There was no particular pressure 10 sell, bow
ever, and the decline was generally credited to
manipulation. Tbe falling off in business, the sales
having footed up only 1H0.^12 shares, was attrib
uted to a desire to await Mr. Bryan's speech of ao
ceptanre at the Madison-square Garden to-night.
In the cosing transactions the market was weak
in tone, the result of the break in Manhattan.
Speculation left off weak. Net changes sh w
losses of % to 4% per cent, the latter In Manhat
tan. In tbe specialties, Illinois Steel rose 9% 10 44
and Minnesota iron fell 4 to 45. Sugar, winch was
the most active stocK, figured for 44,400 shares.
Bonds were irregular, but lit the main their total
sales were $712. Atchlson general fours fell
]3/ 8 to 71%; Lonisville, .New Albany and Chicago '
general rives. 8% to 52%; Oregon Nav.gation
Consolidated fives, 2 to 90. San Antonio and Ar
ausas Pass fours, 4% to 45 and Western New
York and Pennsylvania general foirs, 4 to 44.
Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Northern fives rose
'£ to 102; southern Railway consolidated fives 1%
to 81) and Vnion Pacific sinking fund eights, 2% to
80y 2 .
lii Government bo.ids $54,01)0 coupon fours ot
1925 solii at 112: $1500 coupon '.ours of 19a7«af
106 ana $500 do reg. at 105%.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, steady. Wheat. low grades,
$1 7C®2 50: do fair to fancy. $2 40@3 40;
do pa, wits. $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear. $2 40
fa ' 2 40; do straights', $" V>sr<tM 40: no patents, *3 15
(a 4 20: low extras. $1 7U@.' 6U: city mills, $3 90;
do talents. $4 16(d4 35: rye mixture, 92 Hhq>
2 90: superfine, $1 60@'2 55: fine. $1 50&2 05. Rye
flour quiet, steady, at $2 40@2 75.
MEAL— Quiet, steady. Eastern yellow,
$2 0 @2 10. .
KYK— Qtite': Western. 37c f. o. b.
BARLKY— Dull; 49 pounds, 34c f. O. b.
BARLEY MALT-Quiet; Western, 48@53c.
WHEAT— Spot, market quiet, weaker; f. o. b.,
56y g( .-. ungraded red, 56@66c; No. 1 Northern,
64»»<:
Optious were fairly ac:ive and irregular, closing
weak at %(al%c decline on easier cables, lower
West, foreign selling and local realizing. Septem
ber and December only traded in. No. 2 red
August, 6!%c: .-September, 61% c: October,
63(g.64e; November, 65c; December, 6J%c.
CORN— More active ior export; No. 2, 29% c
elevator; 30 3 afloat.
Options were moderately active and weak at %
@3 decline on weaker cables, lower ' West and
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St, Tel. Main 1954.
■- ' • BRANCH OFFICE
128 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. PBRinr. Manager. ♦
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
unions. Reference Ist National Bank, s. F.
CHICAQO. yWVAXJIi Wittit **iW VOBK.
Bimte«*',. >■ ' ■ 1■ ■ 1 11 ■■ 11 imiHHiiihi hi iflLi
realizing. August and September most active. |
August, 29c; September, 29c; October, 298/ i.c;
December, b()3/gc.
OATS— DuII and heavy, lower.
Options dull, weaker: Au-ust, 20% c; Septem- 1
ber, 20% c; December, 2is/ ¥ c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 21@21%c: No. 2 white. 26c:
No. 2 Chicago, 22% c: No. 3, 20% c: No. 3
white, 24c; mixed Western. 22©23 c; white do,
22@30c. white State, 22@30c.
i rmixiniK.
LARD— Quiet, easier. Western .steam, $3 57%:
city, 86 25: September, $3 50: refined, fair de- j
mand; continent. $4 15: coutn American, *4 75: |
compound, 3%@4V g c
PORK -Steady, quiet. Old mess, $B@B 25: new |
mess, $8® 8 75.
BUTT ER—Q uiet, firm. Western dairy. 9@l2c:
do creamery, ilVa@l6%c; do factory, 7%®11c:
Elgins, 15% c.
CHEESK— Firm, quiet. Part skims, 2@sc; full
skims, 1(5t1%c.
KG GS— Steady. Western, fresh. ll@l2c.
TALLOW— DuII, steady. City, 3@3 l-16c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady, quirt. Crude, 19® j
20c: yellow, 24c.
RJCK— Steady. Domestic, 3@3Vic; Japan, 4®
414 c.
>iULASSES— DuII, steady. New Orleans, 27®
37c.
COFFEE— Quiet. 15 to 20 points down. August, I
$10 15@10 50: September. $9 80<S>9S5; October,
*9 35@9 45: December. 49 15faH 20; January, j
$9 15; Marcn, *9 10: May, $9 05. Spot Rio, 1
dull, steady; No. 7, ll@in,4c.
SUGAR— Raw, easier, quiet; fair, refining, 3c:
centrifugals. 96 test, 35/ 8 c: refined, dull; oft A, 4%
@4 11-16 c; mold A. ai/ c: standard A, 4y c;
confectioners' A, 43,4 c; cut loaf, 5%c: crushed,
6y«c; powdered. 6y«c: granulated, 4 %c; cubes,
6y 8 c
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— New, 8%.
PEACHES— OId, peeled, 13@14c: do unpeeled,
6Vi@B%c
PRUNES- Four sizes, old, 4Sy4®sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Musctael, old, 3S4@
4c: do three-crown, 5@5%c: do ioui-crowu, 6%c;
do London layers, fl@l 15; do clusters, $1 25
@1 40.
HOPS— Pacific Coast, 3®B%c. Lon
don market unchanged.
WOOL-Steady, quiet; domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15®33c; Texas, 7®l2c.
Merchandise .
Pin IRON— DuII, steady; American, $10 25®
12 50.
COPPER-Quiet; lake. $11 50
LEA Si— Steady: domestic, *2 75.
UN -Quiet, steady; straits, *13 30®13 35;
plates, quiet.
bPELTEK-Dull, steady; domestic, $3 85.
CHICAGO MAJtiKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Aug. 12 — The market for
wheat was steady and nervous this morning, prices
declining materially. A report that September
wheat was to be delivered freely on contract
caused holders to turn s?llers, as the prospect of
carrying the cash stuff is not very enticing under
present interest rates for money, the doubt sur
rounding financial affairs since the recent collapse
in the local stock exchange, and the reports of
banks and pensions of tbe past few days. Liver
pool cables quoted %d decline. Receipts at
Chicago were 175 cars, and 195/200 bushels were
withdrawn from store. The Northwest receipts
were 206 cars against 2 .'3 last Wednesday and 88
a year a?o. The failure o' a prominent firm of
coal dealers added to the apprehensive feeling and
further selling was induced thereby, causing an- j
other break in prices. Closing Paris and Berlin \
cables were higher. Export clearances amounted
to 274,022 bushels. Wheat opened from 5 i l ie to
56V8 c, declined to 543/ c, closing at 54% c, J %s2c 1
I under yesterday. Estimated receipts for 10-mor- |
I row 1 80 cars.
CORN— With the leading market in a declining
I state, and with the outlook for the corn crop un
questioned the market was in quite as discourag
ing and disappointing a condition as was possible.
The receipts this morning, 673 cars, exceeded the
estimate by 53 cars. Withdrawals from store were
fair at 374,710 bushels. Liverpool cables were %d
lower. Export clearances amounted to 342,475
bushels, septemoer corn opened at 2 35.5 c. de- 1
clined to and. cose ll at 23c. 34 C under yesterday. |
Estimated receipts for to-morrow .7*o cars.
OATS— unable to assert any nrmuess In 1
view of the weakntss enveloping the other grains. j
The trade in this market. Is not bearish, but sym- !
pathy rules so strongly that it Is thought any effort ,
to advance prices under the existing situation in
the other markets is likely to be futile. Receipts
were 3t>B cars and 138,800 bushels were with
drawn from store. Export clearances amounted
to 29.43S bushels September closed lc under yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 310 cars.
FLAX— Easy. Old Northwestern and new
Southwestern, 69% c, the closing prices. Septem
ber. 69%@70c; December. 73c. Receipts were 113
cars.
PROVISIONS— The hog market declined 6c
this morning and product promptly lost a corre
sponding value. While the business was of mod
erate volume it was evident that traders were
keeping a strict watch, so that the least flurry like |
that of last week would not rind them unprepared.
The depression in grain was later an important
factor in product. September pom closed 17% c
lower. September lard 5c lower and September
ribs 10c lower.
BUTTEK— The butter market continued firm to
day. Fancy makes were wanted most and they
sold readily on arrival.
Creameries— Extras. 15% c: firsts. 13 @ 14c;
seconds, 10@llc: imitations, fancy, lu@llc
Dairies— Extras, l'2c; firsts, 10% c: seconds, 9c.
Ladles— Extras. 9%@)10c; firsts, B@SV:;C; packing,
stock, 6(s7c: grease, 4@sc
EGGS— Were slow and weak. Offerings were lib
eral and the demand poor. 1 resb stock sold at 8% j
@9%c per dozen.
MONEY— Was firm at 6@7% both for call and I
limb loans. .New York exvtumge sold at SI dis- j
count.
Closing Prices.
WJTKAT— August. 63% c; September. 54% c; j
December, SHVB@S«V4C.
CORN— August, 22% c: September. 23c; May, !
27c
OATS— September, 15y @15iAc; May. 18%®
18% c.
1 uKK- September. $6 27 Va: January, $6 90.
LARK— September, *3 20: January, $3 60.
l.lisa— Sepiemoer, S3 25; January, S3 45.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., August 12.—
The run of cattle to-da\- was free, and prices 10c I
lower. Arrivals of hogs were fair. Buyers held I
back, and succeeded In forcing a decline of s@lt'c.
Sheep and lambs were weak and 5c lower.
CATTLE— Receipts. 15,000. Fancy beeves, #4 65 :
(£.4 75: choice 10 crime, 1600 to 1800 lb steers, i
$4 35ftt4 60; good to choice steers. 1600 to 1700 lb, i
«4 15@4 30 ; medium steers. 1100 to ) 350 lb. $3 80 i
(g.4 10: common to fair steer*. 950 to 1200 Ib», !
$3 25 @ 3 75: rouxh Western steers, $2 90®
3 40: feeders. 900 to 1200 lb. $3 S&&S 60: stocked, I
500 to 875 tb. $2 oOCa>3 30; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 80($3 25: bulls, poor to cnoice, $1 75
<&'i 75: cows and heifer*, extra. S3 75@4 00;
cows, fair to choice, %'£ 3U@3 70: cows, I
common to fair canners. $1 2b@'2 26; calves, good 1
to choice. $5 35(&5 50: calves, common to good,
$3 6lHss 00: lex grass steers. $2 35@3 lo:
Texas cows and bulls, $1 bO(g}2 40; . stern range
steers, $2 76(5»4 00; Western range cows and heif- ;
ers. $2 75@i 00: milkers and springers, %* head, 1
$20@40.
HUGS— Receipts. 17,000. Heavy packing ana ;
shipping lots, $2 8533 30: common to choice {
mixed, $2 90@3 37%: choice assorted, $3 35®
3 40: light, S3 OU&3 46: pigs, $2 60<fl>3 45
--bit EtP— Receipts. 13.000. interior. to choice,
41 75(a3 lambs, $3*5 65.
Mi\V VOKK STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Railroad
Sliarn*.
Money on call easier at 3%<s4V: last loan at 3%
and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile paper,
6@6%%. E*r silver, 67% c. Mexican dollars,
627/gC Sterling Exchange is steady, with actual
business hi bankers' bills at $4 86%@4 8(j:y 4
for sixty clays and $4 87%@4 87% for demand.
Posted rates, $4 87 ! n.@4 »8%. Commercial bills,
$4 &5%@ 4 86%. Government bonds quiet; State
bonds dull; railroad bonds firm, silver at the
board was weak.
CLOSING STOCK!!.
Am Tel & Cable.... 87 Norfolk 4 Westrn. 7
Atchlson...... 10% Preferred. 1 144 ]
Preferred 156/ Northern Pacific... 334 ■
Adams Express... 138 Preferred .... 11l/ 4
Alton, Terre Haute 63 Northwestern 89% i
American Express)os Preferred 148
AmerlcanTooacco. b4Vi N. Y. Central tO% !
Preferred 93 N.Y. .Chicago** l* 9
Bay State Gas 17 Ist preferred 61
Baltimore Ohio.. 15% ifd preferred 20%
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.&N. H.......162
buffalo, Roch &P. 10% K. Y. & New Eng. 35
Canada Pacific 65% N. V., Susq <fc W... 6%
Canada Southern.. 42% Preferred 16
Canton Land 50% Ontario 11% j
Central Pacific 13 lOutarlo <& Western 11%
t.'hes. <t Ohio i"-'5/8 Oregon ImprovmuC %
ChicagoAHon .148 1 Preferred......... — ■
Preferrrd. 170 Oregon Navigation 10
Chicago. B. & Q.... 55% Oregon Short Line. 10
Chlcairo<kE. 111... 37 % Pacific Ma 11:....... 17%
Preferred. HO IVoria, D.<fe Evans 1%
ChlcagoGas 49Vi Pittsburgh W. pfd 15
Cleve<t Pllubnrg..lso .'Pullman Pa1ace.. ..139
Consolidation CoaL 31 (Quicksilver... 1%
Consolidated Gas.. 135 % Preferred. 12
c. C. c. <fc St. Louis 20% Readme....: 9
Preferred 70 RloGrande&Westa 15
Colo. Fuel lroc. 15 , Preferred .... 40
Preferred 80 Rock Island.. 51%
Cotton Oil Cert .... BV4'RomeWat<feOgden.loß
Commercial Cable. 126 St. L. &S. W...... 23/ 4
Dei. Hudson ...118 j Preferred....;.... 7 4fe
Del.Lack&Westrn. 138 St. Paul.. ...:.. 62^!
Denver i R.G..... 10 ' Preferred. 120 i
Preferred......... 38% st. Paul & Dulutb. 20
rißtiliers 9 ; Preierred.. ....... 87
General Klectrlo... 23' St. Paul A Omaha. 38
Erie. 11% Preferred......... 126
Preferred 30 SI. P. M. £ M...... 104
Fort Wayne. 150 Silver Certificates. 67%
treat Northern pfdlUT {Southern Pacific. .. 16
Green Bay % southern R. R..... . 7
Unrlem. ...........294 ' Preferred..'..;.... 18
Hocking Coal %|«?ugar Refinery ....*BB%
Hocking Valley.... 13 I Preferred......... 84
1 Homestake.. ....... 34 ' Term. Coal & Iron. 11%
H. A Texas Cent... : Preferred.. .... «0
Illinois Central 85 Texas Pacific .5%
lowa Central 6 Tol.A.A.«t N.Mich.— —
Preferred... 21% & Ohio Cent... 19
Kansas & Texas... 93 /4 Preferred..;...... 48
Preferred ........ 19 Tol.SuLonls<feK.C. 6
Kingston <& Pern... 13 Preferred.:......- 6*
L*ke Erie & Westn 12S/J Union Paclno.;.:.. 6%
Preferred 68 U. P. Deu A Gulf.. " : 1% I
LakeSbore 136 U. 8. Coraace...... 3%
National Lead 16V4 Preferred......... 6V4 !
Preferred......... 77% Guaranteed ...;..- 12%
Long Island .., 66 I. 8. Express...... 30
Louisville A Nash. 40 L. B. Leather......' 6%
ijonlbvtlle. Na<&Cb 4% Preferred......... 43%
Preferred 9*> U. S. Rubber.. .. 14%
Manhattan Con sol. 74% l Preferred. "... 65
THE SA]ST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, ia?fo.
Memphis <fc Charts. 15 irtica&B. River.. 150
Mexican Central. .. 6Vi|Wab. s. L. <fc Pac. . 43,4
Michigan Central.. 90 ■ Preferred J2s,g
Minn&S-L. Wells-Fargo £0
Preferred Western Union.... 75 : -4
Minn <t St. Loom. 13 Wisconsin Central. l 3/ 8
Ist preferred 66 iWheeilng <fc L. S.. 5»4
2dpreferred 31 I Preferred 21
Missouri Pacific.... 15VglAm Co-ton Oil pfd. 38
Mobile cfc Ohio 14 |W. U. Beef 6V4
Nashville & Chatt. 67y 2 !Ann Arbor 6y 3
National Linseed.. ISVa! Preferred 17y 2
K.J. Central 89yaj Brooklyn Traction. 19y a
North American... 3" 6 i-.ne 2d pfd 16
CXORINU BONOS.
C 8 4s,reeJsWred..lOs MKT2ds.... 47 .
Do 45. c0up0n.... 106 I Do 4s 78 '-
D S4snew, reestrdll2 Mutual Union 65... 108 .
Do 4s, coupon 112 ' IN J Cent Gen 55... 110 L
Do as 2 Northern Pac lsts.lll
DoSs .106% D02d5..... 104
J 065. coupon.... 108y 2 l DoSds..... 64
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 i Northwest Consols.l 32
Do 1897 10J Do deb 55.... 103
Do 1898 10» OR&Nlsts.. 103 V»
Do 1899 100 StL&lronMtGen 5s 68
Pacific -is of "95.... St L <fe S F Gen 60. 1 08
DC3-655...........109V4 St Paul Consols...; 120
Ala Class A4s 100 St PC& Pa 15t5... 110
DO Class 84, 65.. 100 DoPacCal 15t5..107 '
LaConsol4s 90 Southern RR 65... 80
Missouri funding... Texns Pacific lsts. 75
N Carolina con 65.. 110 1 Texas Pacific 2ds. . 15
Do 4s 95 Union Jaclsts 96. 36
So Carolina 4V a s... 97 a , West Shore 4a. 100*4
Term new 35....... 75 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 56
Ya funding debt.. 52 iR Grande West lsls 04
Do registered Ches 4 Ohio 65....1U0y 2
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcnlson 45.......: 7iy 3
Do trust rcpts st. 4 Do2dsA 31
CanadaSouth2ds..loo G HAS A6s 101
Cen Pac Istsof '9s. 98 Do2d7s 96
Den«fcP. Ist 109 H A Tex Cent 65.. 102
Do 4s. ..80 Do con 65.. ...... .102 •
Erie Ms . 6514 Reading 45.. ........ 70
Kansas Pa Consols 68 I Missouri ba. 100
Ko Pit lsts Den divlOS Alabama, class C 96 •
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Esq., Aug. 12.— The spot market
is quiet at 5s 4y d@ss o^d. Cargoes dull at 265,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Aug
ust, 4s lOVsd: September, 4s 10y October, 4s
10% d; November, 4s lid; December, 4a ll^d.
B^j^l BECUSITIKS.
LONDON, Esb., Aug. 12— Consols, 112 16-16;
silver, Sl^sd; French Rentes. lO2f 60c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — nominal
Sterling Exchange, sight.. ..... — nominal
Sterling Cables — nominal
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic — nominal
Fine silver, f* ounce. — 67%
Mexican Dollars 63%- 54
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Morven takes for Cork 78,105
ctls, valued at $72,200-
The market is dull and very weak, with a decline
In futures. No. 1. 92 1 /2.a.93 ; choice, 95c; lower
grades. «7y 3 @9iy4C; extra cnoice for milling, $1
@1 07% » cU.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Skssioj;— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 965/ c; 28,000, 9 6y±c; 10,000, 96y
Second Session— lo:ls o'clock— Decemoer—
14,000 ctls, b6y 2000, 96y c May— 2ooo,
81 0014.
Kkgular Morning Session — December —
16,000 ctls, 953,4 c; 6000, 95% c.
afternoon SjKssiON— December — 74,000 ctls,
95% c: 22.000, 96c; 34,000, 9534 c. May— 2ooo,
$1 003/ ; 40U0, $1 OOi.i-
BARLEY — The situation Is practically un
changed. We q»ote Feed, 62y 2 @66y±c: Brewing,
a @77y 3 c * cti.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session — 10:15 o'clock— No sales.
Keoitlab Morning December— 2000
ctls, 6714 c.
Afternoon Session — December— 4ooo ctls,
67y 2 c.
OATS-New Oats, 72y 2 @Boc: old milling, 85®
90c: lancy feed, 90@92iAc: tood to choice, 821-2
@90c; common to lair, 7iiy 2 @77y 2 c; Gray, 80(o>
82% c: surprise, 95c@^l 02y 2 .
CORN— Is weak at the decline. Large Yellow,
87'.2@9'-y»c Q ctl: Small Round do, 96c; White,
77V-@Boc.
RYE— 2 @75c f* ctl for old and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85@95c "# ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUKFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 1? bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
@:> 50; superfine, $2 75(&3.
CORN MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 60@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 ¥ ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows, ;
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $- 10;
Rye Flour, 2y c; Rice Flour. s^4c; Cornmeal, 1
$2 10; extra cream do, 2%c: Oat meal, s2 90; Oat
Groats. 3yjc: Hominy, $.i 10(a,:i 30: Buckwheat
Flour, $3 10@3 30; Cracked Wheat, 2%c; Fa
rina, 8y 2 c: hole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Oats, 3y 2 c; Pearl Barley, 3y 2 c; Split Peas, $3 20;
Greta do, $4 10.
HAY AND FEEDSTCFF.S.
BRAN-$12@12 50 for the best and $11@U 60
9 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@I6 « ton for lower grades
and $17@18 V ton for the best.
FEi-.DSTUFF.S -Jtolled Barley, $14 60@15: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 % ton: jobbing, $22.
HAY — The market is receiving all It can possibly
take care ot. Wheat is quotable ats7@lo^ton;
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9 ton ; oat $6 50(3,8;
Barley, $6@7 50; Itiver Barley. $4 50@5: Alfalfa,
$5 sOfcts 50 for second and $4 50@ft tor first cut
tin;: compressed, $6@B; slock, $4@5; Clover,
«5 50@7 60.
STRAW— 3O@4Oc 9. bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Bayos, 90@97y2C ii ctl; Small Whites,
$1(21 15 V ctl; Pea, $I@l 20 V ctl; Large Whites,
90c(g:$l 071/2 ■$ ctl; Pink, 70®80c: Reds. $1®
1 15: BlacKeve, $1 15@1 40: Red Kidney, 90c";
Limas. $2@2 26: Butters, $I@l 40.
! SEEDS-Brown Mustard, SI sO@l 75 ctl:
Trieste, $2 25(&.' 75 ~$ ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 6l)<al 75; Flax,sl 76@1 90; Canary, 2V4
@2%c tb; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2y a c ti 1I>;
Hemp. 3y 2 ¥-lb-
DRIED PEAS— SI 10@l 40 V ctl for Mies ana
I $1 25&1 50 for Green.
I POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes, a @2V2C "$ Ib;
Garnet Chiles, 50@60c & ctl; Early Rose, 30@40 ■;
I Burbank Seedlings, 3O@4scfor Rivers and 60@90c
for Salinas.
ONIONS-Quietat 30@40c ctl; Pickles, 65@
1 75c V ctL
VEGETABLES— The whole market i.i suffering
from excessive stocks. Marrowfat Squash is
1 quotable at $15@20 '£ ton; Green Corn, 25@75c
j ift sack; Alameda Corn, $I®l 60 * crate: Berke
ley Corn, 85c(al$l %* bx; summer squash, 15@25c
! for Bay; Egg Plant, 35@50c large bx: Tomato- s,
! 35(<£50c for Rivers: Alameda Cucumbers, 15@25c
! %* bx; Pickles, iy 2 <; >* lb for No. 1 and 60@75 ■& ctl
■ for No. 2; Green Peppers, 2li@3oc Tfr large box for
Chile and 35@50c box for hell; Green Peas, 25®
75c 3 sack for common and 2@2V!)C V lb for Gar
den: String Beans. 25(£75c V sack for common
and 2@2y 2 c for garden; Limas, 4c; Green Okra,
50@75i: * box; Cabbage. 40c %4 ctl; Carrots, 26®
30c ¥ sack ; Garlic, y 2 &2c %« lb.
BUTTER, CHINESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Prices are no lower, though the feel
ing is weak.
Creamery— Fancy, 19@20c; seconds, 17@18c
9 lb.
iky— Fancy, 17V 2 @lßc % tb: good to choice,
15y ('a)]6y2c: lower grades, 13®15c.
I'icklku-16@17c %* lb.
Firkin- "$ Ih.
CHEESE— Kancy mild new, 8y 2 ©9 c; common
to good, t>V*@-ic %» lb: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Young America, 9@loc %4 lb; Western, 10@llc;
I Eastern, ll@l3c %i lb.
EGGS— 1 he downward tendency continues. Sup
' plies are too large. Oregon, 14@16c: Eastern, 14@
! 16c : store Eggs, l'2fa,lic . lor poor and 15@16c for
j good:, ranch Egg 3, 18@22y 2 c; cold-storage ranch,
I 17@18c; Duck Eggs, 16@17c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at $5@5 50
for Hens and old and young Roosters, $3 tor
! Ducks, I:<@>l 4c for Turkeys and $2 50@3 for Broil
: ers. California stock is quiet and easier. Live
I Turkeys, I3(tti4c lb for Gobblers, 12@13c for
I Hens: young Turkeys, 17@18c: Geese, %i pair. $1
I 1 25; Goslings, $1 25@>1 50; Ducks, $2 50(cb3 V) doz
I for old and $2 50@3 60 for young: Hens, $4@4 60:
Roosters, young, 84@5: do, old. $4 50(a>5 oO:
Fryers, $3 60©4 ; Broilers, $2 60@3, f0r large ana
$1 50@2 foi small: Pigeons, $1 lio(atl 60 1* dozen
for young aud old.
GAME— Nominal. .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
- Peaches, Pears and Plums are lower and dull, as
the canners are crowded with contract fruit. Figs
are lower with larger stocKS, especially of the
white varieties . ■
Red N<>cinrln<*s. 40@76c: White. 40@50c ¥* box.
Peaches, 28@40c ft bx, 20@B<'c V basket; $12 50
©15? ton for frees and 525(&27 50 for clings.
• Plums. 20@40c $1 box and 35@&0c V crate:
I White in bulk, $10@16 9 ton; Japanese Plums, 25
@40c: Prunes, 30@40c. .
Apples. 75c@$l %4: box for choice and 40@60c
for common. ...
Crabapples, 20@40c 9 box.
Pears. 20(540c %l box; Bartletts, BO@6Oc f> box
and $12@15 "r>. ton. - : ■•■■■■ .
Figs. 26(*40c V box for white and 60@75c for
black, double layers. .
BERRIES-
Strawberries, $B©4 9 chest for Long worths and
»1 50®. 60 for large berries.
Raspberries, $3 50®5 1* chest.
'Blackberries. $2@3 50 11 chest.
uck eberrie«, 6@Bc 't>. tb. '
GUAl'Ks— I lack Grapes are quotable at at 40@>
; 75c 5* box and 65@85c fa crate: Muscats, 50@75c
1& box and 75@»5c %» (rate; Sweetwaters and Fou
j tainebleanx, 25@50c %* box and 35&6t)c ~n rate
I M KLONS— Watermelons, Ss@l2 50 V 100: Can
• taloupes, 50c@$l 60 V crate; Nutmegs, 75c@$l
box.
• CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges and Lemons are
! lower and dull. Oranges quotable at $2@3 V box
for Valencias : and $1 50@2 H> box for Mediterra
nean Sweets: Lemons. ; $I@2 box for common
and $2 50@3 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$U 50 r- box: Caliiomia. Limes, 75c(m$l 50: Ba
j nanas, $I@2 ~p. bunch; Pineapples, $2@3 50 'f. aoz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload .l,ots— New Apricots, 6@ti>,i" in sweat
box, 6@63/ c %4 lb f. o. b. coast and B@9c for fancy
Moorparks. Old Prunes. 3c: new Prunes, Sfa'S^c;
new Peaches, 41/oC «i id in the sweat-box and 6c f.
o. b. coast.
Jobbing Pricks— Newc Apric o, 5V2@6 3 A C: old
evaporated Apples. 4V!itu a lb: sld Prunes. 3c for
four sizes; Fisrs, black, 3y 3 c; White Flics, 3@sc »
tb: Plums. 3Vis@4c for pitted and l@iy 2 c for un
plttea- Nectarines. 4@6c ■# lb lor prime to choice.
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%c "$ to; seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless -Muscatels f /ic: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c « box; clusters, $1 35@1 50: DelK-sa clus
ters, $2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $'i. 60@2 75.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown, loose, 41/j.c: 3
crown, 3%c; 2-crown, 33/ 8 c $ ">• seedless Sul
tanas, 4c i* B>: seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3 crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters. $2 75.
Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
lie for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c fl lb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7i/<jC * tt> for Lan
guedoc, 2y 2 @3c m ft for hardshell ana K@loc
* ft) for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 6@«y 2 c
1* lb for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts. B@9c: Brazil Nuts, ■ 7@Bc %» tb;
Cocoanuts, $4@5 100. „ „
HONEY— Comb, 10@12y 2 c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s@sy c:
light amber extracted, 4U,@43/, c; dark amber, 4®
«i/4C; dark, 2(d*3c a lb. ' ' ' ::
BEESWAX-25@27y 2 c '0 lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED .MEATS- Bacon is - quotable at 6y a C
for heavy, Ti/^c "$ lb for light medium. 9@9 : MjC
for light, 10@l"lc for extra light and 12c for sugar
en rea; Eastern Su;:ar -cured Hams, 12ia)12y2c:
California Hams, jO@llc v lb: Mess Beef, $7
@8; extra mess do, $8; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $B®B 60; extra clear, $18 $ bbl;
mess. Sll 60@12 "A bbl: SmoKed Beef. 10c '<$> to.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 4V*c f> m
for compound aud 5V4c for pure; pails, Be lb;
California tierces, 4y2C for compound and 6y a c for
pure: half-bbls, 684 c: 10-lb tins, 6^40; do 6-lb,
ey?c * lb.
COTTOLENE— In tierces and 6V4@
6%c '0 tt. in 10-lb tinsT
HIDES, . TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c 9
lb; culls and brands, 6c: medium, 6c; culls and
brands, 5c $ ib: lignt, 4i/ 2 @sc: culls and brands.
»c: Cowhides, 4<<Ssc; culls and brands, 4@4^c;
salted Kip, 5c ft ib; saltea 6@7c; salted Veal,
6ftO6c: dry Hides, 10@10i/>c; culls and brands, 7@
7y 2 c: dry Kip and Veal, B@9c: cults, 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20g>35c each; Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@27y 3 c; medium. 15®
22y2C; winter, 7@loc; sheepskins, shearlings, 10@
15c each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40®
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of all
kinds about y 2 c less. ' - ■
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 2y a @3c; Na 2,
214 c: refined. 2 c: Grease. 2c $ lb.
WOOL— Humboldt and Mendocmo quotabte at
10@llc; Valley Oregon, 10@llc; do lower grades,
8@10c; Nevada, 6@B%c: Una Joaquln and south
ern Coast, six months, 4@6c: San Joaquin, foot
hill, good to choice, 6y2@7y 2 c: San Joaquiu, year's
fleece, 4@sV»c; northern iree, 7@9c: do defec
tive, s@t>v«.c a lb.
HOPs-Nominal at 2@4c * lb for 1896 and 6@
7y 3 c for 189 d. ■
GENKUAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, $4 25; San Quen
tln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y @26y
COAL— Wellington. $8 ton: New Wellington,
$8 ton; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 ton;
Seattle, $o@s t>o: Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, 84 50;
Wallsenrt. *7: scotch. $7 50; Brvmbo, 87 50;
Cumberland, $13 50 $ ton in bulk and 81 5 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 ton; Welsh
Aiuhracit-, 59: Cancel. $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Cone,
1 i"i 1 -j in bulk and $13 11,I 1 , ton in sks.
SUGAR— Western hucar Kertning company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, sygc;
Powdered, ss/gc: Fine Crushed, 5 %c: Dry Granu
lated, 434 c; Confectioners' A. 4»4c; Magnolia A,
4%c; Extra C, 4y4d Golden C, 4y 8 c: half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 4ya@sc; second do, 4@
4V*c; third do. 3y a c * Ib.
VEAL— Large, 4@6c; small, s@6c 3 Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, 4V<i@so: Ewes, 4@4VaC
? lb.
LAMB-s@6c ft Ib. • ; .
PORK— Live Hogs, 3c fi Ib for large and 3S/ 8 c
for small and medium: dressed do, 4 1 /i(ajsi4c %* lb.
RECEIPTS OF I'KODUCE. )
FOB 14 HOURS.
Flour.nrsks .... 14.560 Eggs, doz 3,630
Wheat,ctls 5,7.0 Hides, no 611
Barley, 6,666 Pelts, bdls. 480
i Oats, ells 1.390 Wine, gals. *7,78<>
i Beans, sks 4001 Wool; bis 107
i Potatoes, sks s.9L'h Tallow, ct15...... 12
Onions, sks 715 Lime, bills 81
Bran, sks 2,592 Leather, rolls 60
Middlings, sks... f.39 Chicory, tbu.... 15
I lay, tons. Quicksilver, flsks 22
Butter, ct15..:...- 228 Brandy, gals. . 500
Cheese, ct15...... 221
THE STOCK MARKET.
The range of prices was higher yesierda3", but
the improvement did not amount to much, and
the feeling was weaker again in the afternoon, and
the close was lower stiil.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents per share, payable
on the 10th.
Local corporations will pay monthly dividends
on 'he 16th as follows: San Francisco Gaslight
35 cents. Oakland Gas, LUht and Heat 25 cents.
Edison Light and Power 66'4'i* cents. Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph 20 centß, Pacific Telephone
and Telegraph 30 cents. Pacific Auxiliary Fire
Alarm a (juartrrly dividend of 5 cents per share.
The .Navajo Mining Company has re-elected the
old Officers, with J. W. Pew as secretary.
The Con. Cal. and Virginia has an actual cash
balance in its treasury, after paying last month's
expenses, of about $8500 to go toward defraying
the expenses of the current month. Last month's
expenses amounted to about #19,000, including
Sutro tunnel royalties mid the cost of working the
ground owned on the Brunswick lode. It Is ex
pec, ed thai by September 1 about 1000 tons of ore
will have been accumulated, which Will be worked
at the Morgan mill.
In the Bodie ( on. mine for the w. ek ending Au
gust 8 on the 200 level the long | east crosscut was
advanced 16 feet, cutting small seams of quartz.
The Gildea raise through the old stope was ex
tended 25 feet in go d fillings. On the 800 level
the raise from the long cast crosscut on the sec
ond soft vein was extender! 17 feet, connecting it
with thu 200 level. Ihe north drift from the 550
Incline level was advanced 8 feat on a 2-inch
I streak of high grade ore. In the Fortuna vein
1 they are sloping out a sm;ill pi jlar of ore below the
550 incline level. Extracted during the week 2i/ 3
I tons of $25 nlliugs from the Gildea vein
In r the Bulwer Con. mine on the 200 level the
stope above No. 2 crosscut south is holding out
well and Is still yielding the bulk of the ore. On
the tunnel level In raise 1 stopes 5 and 6 are nar
row and short but the ore is of good grade. In
raise 2 the ore is very narrow but still showing
good quality The scale is s 1:1 being taken from
the wall of the old slope above the intermediate
south drift. The south urift on the third vein west
has been driven 7 feet and stopped, the vein en
tirely disappearing. During the week a total of
13. % tons of ore wai extracted from the mine,
the assays ranglug from $25 to $357 per ton. .
In the Chollar mine (Comstock workings) In the
north stope above crosscut 2 on the 450 level they
are opening to the north on the eleventh floor ou a
streak of pay 3 feet in width lylnij east of the old
fillings, the latter being oi fair grade, In the south
Slope on this level they are driving south on the
fifth floor with no particular change for the week.
'1 hey are also opening north on | the sixth floor on
a streak of pay 3 feet wide. They have saved for
the week 10 - tons of ore. which they are ac undu
lating until a sufficient amount for a run is saved.
Top car samples averaged $27 26.. They are re
pairing in the main shaft and in the west drift on
the 450 level. ' ' ' . .
. In the Potosi mine (Comstock workings) the
west crosscut from the north drift from the top of
i lie raise from the 450 level f outh drif., is now out
30 feet: extended 24 feet during the week; face in
quartz ot low grade. It lias encountered some
Kin all bundles of pay of fair grade, which have
been say. d, and has entered old ground, ihe
south drift from the top of the raise it out 95 feet;
advanced during the week, 17 feet; face Is in
quartz of !ow grade. On Wie 650 level the west
crosscut from the south ' lateral drift, 100 ' feet
south of i he main west crosscut. is out 110 feet,
having been driven 32 feet for the week. Ihe
face is in porphyry and clay. They are repairing
in the main shaft and in the 450 level drifts. They
have extracted for the week 13 tons and 1200
pounds of ore. ' .-v
B ... *■-**•
FottowlM were thb sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
beqiilar MOKxtxn siwov mvyww 9:30.
200 81cher....30:«)0CC*V...1.80i2500cc1d.....68
400 8&8......95 50 ...... .... 1% 15'J 69
100......... ....94 ioo CPolnt.;.S*7oJPotosl... 1.05
100 ...... .....9S 100 ..„.:_.. ..33 300 8ar.... ....66
700 Bullion... 15 100 U <fcU......6b 10!) s> -Nev 50
100 ...... 1640') H&N'. .1.31 350 Union.. 44
100 Cualln«...K9 -MO ..... 1.352<J U;au .....08
200 Mb .!00 Justice.. .06 100 Y Jaoltm..32
400 Chllar... 50 Mien... . 56 100 ...........31
000 .J8.4040U 0pnir...1.05 :;;
*nKHxiHix HW«ins--::n.
100 Andes... Choir... "i.SOilOO Mxcn.....56
600 Belcher...27l:iooCCAV...l34l]oouccldtl... 64
400 B 8....95iiM)0 C0nH......b0100 P0t0«...1.u0
100 Bodle 45,200 C Point.. .3tj150 Sava« ... 64
SOJ bullion. .15100 GcfcC...V..62 100 Union . 44
500 8u1wer...29|100 H&N.... 50 8 NT :.....49
400 Challge... 391100 Justice.. ,.ool2oU V Jackt...34
Following were tue sales in tbe Pacific Stock
Board yesterday;
: "jiH-UTt.An .*x<< T n<r .'l.7,
200 ....06j850,Cb01r..,.2.301000phtr 96
10(1 Aim...... -.09 -.'SO .......:...2i / i 800 .- • ■•■'" oS
.60- ....08 100 2.22 £200 PotoiV.O'iv!
10.) Andes 30 700 Crwn P;... 3^600 l<£
VOO Beicner...3t 200 ............3b 200 '"" ' 98
200 .:.... .;.... 27 800 Kxchqr....O3 800 9**....... 9*
900 B &U. . ... .9* <01l U. ... . . 62 200 ...62^,
*0J.. ........ .91 250H&N....1.H0 300 ......... ..«„
*™. •■••• »<!700 ..:.... ...li/ 4 400 Scorpion-OS
,™ g°?,e----46 40J i1ein......f.4ia00 SB<fcM..;"lo
100 8u11i0n.... 18 200 .v.-.v..vM". 651600 SKt.. ..47
100 8u1wer....29 60J 00ca ...... 661300 Union C.44
400 Caleda. . . llLuO ...... .....6» 200 4">
200 Chalng. 40 200Ovrmn....l5iJ0U Utatt.4tT7.oß'
90U «JUV.....l3 /4 100 Ophlr.:.l.Uo If JacK»l..32
50 Conn... 9*1260 ...;...... 971
AJTICRNOON SESSION — "IT ;
200 Aloha 06 ; 150 C0nti....r.95t200 0vrmn....16
200 ...05 400 U P01nt....35|300 Ophlr.-.1.00
lOOAlta. 09 220OExcnqr.O3 900.. -.. 1.02%
100 Andes. .. .3l M*) G&c:.....65 100 P0t05...1.00
200 Belcher.. 3o 700 H<CM.B2y 2 600 ........1.07%
9)0 i.«tß : ....95 300 .......i.I.HOSOO Save fab
200 . .....94 100 Mex. :..... 58 300 .......... 65
400 8u11i0n. ..15 300 0ccd..... .65 400 Scorpion..o6
100Ca1ed......11300 ......V....67 S 8&M...10
200 Challge... 39 300 ....... .V..68 901) rtNv 50
150 Ch0ir.. .2.36 1000 69 H)0 Union... 44
400 ... . .2.40 1200 70 300 Utah 08
600 CCV....1.80 200 Overman. 15 40U V Jcic1....33
200 ...:...1.77% ■■■ . -
CiloslNCr QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. August 12-4 p. r .
£Iri.AskeiL\ ' Bid.AtkedL
Alpha Con. ... 05 Jackson 26 —
Alt*. 09 10 Ju1ia........... — 08
Andes. ....30 3'J Justice. 06 06
Belcher 29 30 Keutnck. 05 06
Best & Belcher 90 92 1-ady Wash.... — 04
Benton C0n.... 15 —Mexican 63 66
Bodie ......... 45 —M0n0.;... 15 —
Bullion.-. .15 16 Nevada Qaeen. 03 —
Bnlwer 28 — iNorthGAC. 07 —
Caledonia. 11 12 Occidental..... 65 66
Chollar. 2.20 Ophlr. 97 99
Con.Cal.fcVa... 1.70 1.7510verman....... 15 17
Challenge Con. 38 4Uil otosl LOO 1.06 \
Con. Imperial. 01 Vi 5avage.. ....... 63 64 j
Confidence 90 — :Scorpiou 06 07
Con New York 04 — Seg. Belcher... 09 11
Crown Point... 36 3HSyndicate — 04
EastSierraNev — 114 silver Hi 11.... 01 02
Eureka Con... • — .25 sierra Nevada. 47 48
Exchequer .... 03 04 Union Con 41 42
Gould & Curry. 62 63 Utah........... 07 08
HaletfcKorcrs.l.2s 1.30 Yellow Jacket. 35 36
GOLD MINING KXCHAN'HK.
Champion ...... I Providence -
Asked 22 60 A5ked...... :... 75
Edna ' ll 00 Savannah....... 47
Asked.. 35 100... 50
Grant. , 400 bebastopol 40
100 40 • Thorpe ...
Kennedy A5ked........ - 80
Asked..... 10 00 : Best <fc Belcher..
Lock wood Con.. Bid ..: 96
1200 _ .30 Con Virginia....
Princess. 8id...... ...180
Asked 70
js'IOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. An*. 12—8 P. v.
tTNITKD 6TATB» HONDO.
Sid. Asked. Bid. Atked.
US4SOOUP..IOS - US is g... - 107!&
Do new issue! 11% — i
MISi-KI.I.AMKnrs TlOVIli.
Cal-stCbleßs. 109 112 » Pacßoll MBs. — —
Cal£lecL6s — 123 iDo2d is 65... — _
Cntra C — 94 P& O 6i. — 116
Dpnt-stex-cp — 99 P&Chßy6s. — 107%
EdsnL4Pßsll7%lJ7%Pwl-st RR6s. — 116%
F*CHRR6s. — 106% Reno, WiAL — 106
Geary-stßss. — 107 V, Sacto PAL. — 102Vj
LosAngLOs. — 9» ISF&NPRSs. — 87V4 !
DoGuteedS* — 100 ! SPRRArtz6s — —
Mkt-stCble6s — 120%!SPRRCal6s. — 110y a
DoßyConss..lo2 103 |BPRRCaI6s. — —
NatVin63lst 96 — SPBrRCaISs — 99
NevCNgß7s. Ub 105 SVWater6s..llßi^ll9i/ 4
NPCRR6S. - 108 SVWater4s.. 87V* —
NBy Cal 6s. — 100% StktnG&E - 100
NBy Cal ss. — 100 SunstT&Tßs. — —
Oak Gas 65. .102 — Sutter-stßss. — 111
Lo2dla6s.. - 106 VlsallaWCtf* — —
Omnibus os. — 119% >
WATKB STOCK*
Contra Costa — 40 iSan J05e..... — —
Maria C 0.... 60 — . |Sprng Valley 06 95i/i
;.-:...: cab stocks. •
Capital — 30 . Pacific LUrht - 49 Vi
Central 95 — • San Francsco — 878^,
Oak l. LAH 52 — Stockton..... — M
I PacGaslmp. — 83 |
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl6o " — |Sun 21 60
• COMMERCIAL BANK RTOCK4.
AmerBATC — — LondonPAA.l3s 127
Anglo-Ca1.... — 68 London&SK. — 27%
BankofCai.. — 235 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal S D&TColll - Nevada — —
FlrstNatiouL — 183 Sather B Co. — —
SAVJNO9 BANK STOCKS.
OerS*LCo. 121(i 1850 SavALoan.. — 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security 230 276
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7 so —
BFSavUnion — 485 |
BTBEBT KAII.Ro*n
California.... — 107 Oak LA Hay — 100
Geary-SL — 65 Presidio 7 —
Markt)t-s( 40% 41 .' Sutter-st — —
WWBKH STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 - iGlantCon.... 16% —
Eastern D... 70 8P iJndson D.... — —
California.... 70 — iVigorU.: — 90c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 90 92 NatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — S3
Cal Cot Mills — — PacAuxFA 1 —
Edison Light — 112 PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 96 — Parf PainiUo 6% 7%
HawCASCo.. 143/4 15Vi FacTroUsCo. — 24
Hutch SPCo 18 Ye 1 9 Vi Pac TAT Co. 70 80
MerKxAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 -
SI Elec Light — 4% United C Co. — 25
BALKS— MORN IN t -i ■»;>■;
Board—
$5000 Edison Light & Power 80nd5..... 117 60
50 Giant Powder Con 16 50
60 do do ........; 1657i,4
25 Hutchinson P t0.... 19 25
60 do do IB 12% j
Street— . MSB
15 SV Water 96 12>£ j
SALES— AFTERNOON SKSStOX.
. Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 16 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial 14 60
10 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. 19 00
40 do do 18 87V4
75 do do 18 75
$»000 Market-st Cable 6X 80nd5........ 12100
55 SV Water 95 00
» — — • :
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
folia McCormack to Bridget Mccarty. lot on
N line of Greenwich street, 137:6 W Fillmore, W
27:6 by X 120; sift.
Patrick Lynch to Jerome E. MacCormac and
William J. Deveroaux. lot on N line Sutter street •
175 W Fillmore, W 50 by N.I 37:6; $10.
Mary K. and William H. Williams to Bridget
Shaw, lot on W line of Ashbury. street, 100 S of
Oak. 3 25 by W 106:3: $10.
William W. Flaglor to John Cordano, lot on NW
line of Clementina street, 275 NE of Fourth, NE
25 by NW80; $10.
Dora Hahn to Annie E Allen, lot on NW line of
Clara street, 183:4 NE of Fifth, NE 22:11 by NW
81): «10.
William and C. T. Nicol to John c and A. H.
Kunst, lot on SE line of Boyd street, 80 NE of
Chesley, NE 20 by SE 60; $50.
John P. Beirao to Robert B. Scott, lot on E. line
of Wisconsin street, 200 N of Sierra, N 26 by £
100: grant.
R. W. and Mary E. Tan sill (by attorney) to Cas
par Kramer and Lily M. Van der Nalllen (wife of
A. Jr.), lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue, 150 S of
C street, 8 25 by W 127:6: $10.
L. Day (by Tax i ollector) to Martin Markeson,
lots 1 and 2, block 3, syndicates First Addition,
tax deed: $1. •
Carrie C. Berch (formerly Ward) to W. E. Miles,
lot on SW line of Roanoke street, 75 NW of Laid
lev, NW 25 bySW 113: $10.
Julius and Margaretba . Weber to Michael
Hughes, lot on r N lino of Farallone street, 275 Eof
Plymouth, E 25 by M 125, lot 4 bIOCK N, Railroad
Homestead Association; «10.
Alice Fortune (formerly Cordwell) to Thomas
Breen, lofcon N corner of Delaware avenue and
Ocean House road, NE 38:6, NW to SE line of old
San Jose road, SW 40:3, SE to N lino Of Ocean
House road E to beginning: $5.
.'■ ALAMEDA COUNTY.
William and Sarah Sullivan to George C and
Mary A.. Benson, lot on NE corner of Fifteenth
and Cypress reets. N 104:9 by E 67:3, beine lots
'25 and Jo, block 583, --cotcnier Tract, subject to a
mortgage for $1300, Oak: aud: $£00. :
Michael Casey ,o Mari- A. Surryhne and J. P.,
Dieves, lot on W lino of Grove street, 45 S of
Twenty-seventh' (or Pars) street, S 45 by W 90,
being lots 31 nd 32, block 2021, Whltciier Tract
Map 2. Oakland: *10 ■ ,
Duncan and Agnes Anderson, John J. Eazen,
Thomas P. and Hugh Hogan (by commissioner) to
Pacific Coast savings society, lot on N line of Mc-
Kee street. 138:4 E of Baker, E 50 by N 134, being
portion of lots 3, 4 and 5, block 11, amended map
of J. W. Crawford Tract, -Oakland Township;
$IKOO.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Byron
an.l M. P. Mauzy, lo: 207 In plat 25. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $62.
Fred G. and Klia B. Wesson to Albert Ellis, lot
on W line of lla'leck or Etti ■ street, 100 8 of A or
Thirty-second street, S 75 by W 133. block P
Peralta Homestead Association, Oakland Town
ship: *10. . . • . .
Erik Boes to Elizabeth Williams. lot on S line of
Maltie avenue; 108.12 W of Lowell street, W 36,
S 80.50, X 32. N 80. 15, to beginning, lot A-l, block
A, J. K. McKlratb Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland
Township: *10.
Jens Cnr. Chrisietisen to same, same; $10.
I* B. Grove to L. H. sly. lot on N line of Weston
avenue or Thirty street, 40.26 E of Ruby, N
130, '.-K27, a 12d, W 27 to beginning, portion of
lots 2 and 3, block C, Broadway and Telegraph
Avenue . met, Oakland Townshi ; $10.
George C. Baldwin to Genevra E. Magee (wife of
W. X.), lot beginning at s<ake 6 in center of Pano
ramic way in University Terrace, thence SE 100
to stake 8, thence NE 200 to center of Panoramic
way, thence & 100, SW 219 to beginning, oortlon
of lots 9 and 10, University Terrace, except tnat
portion to be used for public road, said portl m.i of
Panoramic way as rightfully belong thereto,
Berkeley; $U'sO. •
S. s. and Mamie A. Austin to Joseph and Kate
Lewi?, the N 90 feet of lot 36 and s» 30 feet of I lot
37, revised map of J. Lev] Sr. Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $5. ■ ■: ' ■ ■•
Whlio. C. and Alma J. Beatie to , same, lots 26,
27. 28 and i.'i ; to 37, Bromley Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $5. -. "
S. 8. and Mamie A. Austin to same, lot on N cor
ner of Mlllo 3 reel and Baker avenue, NW 100 by
NE 169.60, being a portion of lot 36, map of the
J. Levy Sr. Tract, Brooklyn Township: $5.
Joseph and Kate Lewis to 8. 8. Austin, lot be
ginning at the point of intersection . of X line of
Park avenue and the line which divides lot 3, map
of propert • of Va dez and Glascock, from lands of
Kennedy, thence HE 1254.97, SW to S boundary
of lands ■of Lewis, thence NW •. to X line of Park
avenue, thence N\V 250 to beginning, being a por
tion of lot 3. map of property of Valdez and ttlas
cock. East Oakland and Brooklyn Township: *10. :
Mary A.Eiison to Oscar L. Knowles, lot 6, block
31. Warner Tract, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Town-
Ship; ■' 1. ■;•■!■, ■;• . •■■;.■ ■;• ■ :.;...-• ■;. . ......
William J. Laymance to C. K. Palmer, lots 3, 4,
5, 7. 8 and 9. block C, Klmburst Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $1500. ■; i .^
: Same to Kate Simpson, the SW 25 feet of lot 2, :
block 13, ing lot 3, block 13, resubflivisiou of
Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; *10. ?> ..-.-- ' ' ■■'
Gilbert and Margaret E. Wyman to Christine 8.
Pleltner, lot on W line of Fruitvale avenue, : 75 S
of Stx.eenth or Jionroe street. ; 8 34: by W 125,
except therefrom ■a ; strip ■ 8 feet wide '= on ! X line
thereof, to be reserved for additional • sidewalk on
W side of Frnltvale avenue, Brooklyn Township:
$10.
Archibald A. and Annie Waldie to Henry
Russell, lot on E line of A street, 250 N of Second,
N 50 by E 200, Haj wards, Eden Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Agnes V. Mole with W. W. Rednall, to erect a
one-story lrame building on S line of Sacramento
street, 81 :3 Wof Fillmore, W. W. Rednall archi
tect: 51035.
Rvsa Arnheim with Elder <fe McLaughlin, to
erect a two-story building on S line of California
s'.reet, 131:3 E of Lyon, M. J. Lyon architect;
$4685.
Saving the Country.
"I suppose yon have been saving the
country again, John," said she at the
breakfast table.
"I've been doing my share," he an
swered.
"The thing that I can't quite under
stand," she persisted, "is why the country
can only be saved by staying out nights.
Why can't you save it in the daytime ?"
'•You do'n't understand politics, and
never will," he replied. "These are very
ticklish times, and it behoovA every man
to do what he can for the cause night or
day."
"I suppose so," she said doubtfully;
"but it does seem to me as if you were
overworking yourself when you tried to
float the whole country on prosperity."
"Float it?"
"Yes."
"On what?"
"I don't know, but there is every indica
tion thin morning that it was a good deal
stronger than water."
He did not feel equal to a spirited contro
versy, so he let the remark pass; but he
was more tuan ever convinced that there
are ieatures of politics tnat no woman will
understand.— Chicago Evening Post.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
AUGUST, 1896.
Su. Mo. Tu. I W. Th. i'r.jSa. j Moon's Phases
1 /^Miast Quarter.
___ _^^ _ v^/ August 1.
2 3 4 6 8 7 8 4QK New Moon.
— - . . I®* August 8.
»■ 10 11 12 13 14 15 j Quarter
\\J) August 15-
!«_ 17 18 19 20 21 « Moon .
1 v£/ August 22.
23 24 25 2« 27 28 29 j
— ; Last Quarter.
SO 31 I Au 8 nst al .
OCEAM STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Franrinro.
RTKAMKB. | UKHTINATIOV. | SAIL*. | PIER.
Corona San Diego Angl3.ll.tM | Pier 11
Pomona..... unmbolCUUaT Aug 13. 2pm Pier
Jaraiion... 1 aanlna Bay.. AngK, Bam Pier 2
Ariro ...... Coo* isar Auk 15.10a* ! Her 13
KaraKa .... N«woor: ...... Ausl.'i, Dam I Pier 11
Weeott Eel Kiver Aug 15, 5pm Pier l.i
Columbia... Portland | Aug Id, Her 24
Empire Oregon ports. . Aug 16. Spm Pier 13
Peru China 4 Japan Aug 17, 3pm P M S3
CHyPuebla.. Vic & I'm Una Aug 17. 9am Pier 9
-Santa Rosa. San Diego Auk 17 11am Pier 11
City of Para Panama Auk 18,1*2 m PM8S
Truclcee.... I Coos Bar...... Aug 18, 5pm Pier 13
Coos Bay.... ! N«wdor Aug 19. 9am Pier 11
Arcata | Oregon ports Aug 19..
Mono ... j Sydney Aug2U. 2pm Oceanic
A Blancbara Oregon ports.. Au^'-'O. 5pm Pier 13
State of Cal. • eorcmni 'Ant 21.10am | Pier '24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STKAMKa | . Fbok I Urn
Nortn Forte.... I Hum bold c Bay Aug 13
Peter Jebaen.... Nanaimo Aug 13
JTarallOD Yaanina .bay „ ..Ang 13
EnreKa _.. Newport ....- ..Aug 13
Cltyot 1'ueDla.. Victor!* & l'u«»t bound ..Aug 13
fr»»cent Cut... Crescent city- Aug 13
Empire Portland Aug 14
Coptic China and JaDan An? 14
Weeotu Kei Kiver Aur 14
City or Para.... Panama Ang 15
Bant* Kou. fan di«co~ .............. ..Aug 15
San Mateo Comox Ang 15
Ban Bern to iTacoma. Aug 15
Arcata Portland Aug 15
Propreso Seattle.......... Aug 16
Pomona. Hamboiac Bat. „ ..auk 16
Alice Blancnard Portland ..Aug 17
Del Nort« ...... Grays Haroor Aue 17
Trucke* Coos Bay...... Aug 17
Coos Bay „ Newport.. Ang 17
I Acapulco Panama Aug 18
: Walla Walla Victoria A Puaret wound ..Ang 18
|StateofCal Portland.......... Aug 18
Corona..... San Diego. .,.., ... ..Aug 19
Araco Coos Bay Aug 20
Orizaba '• Mexico........ Ans20 ,
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. •". Coaut awd Gkodbtio Srrnvwr TrDB 1 ) ■
Btrw-KTrx Published by Official V
AtTTHOBITV OF THE StTPEBINTKUDXXT. i
Thursday, August 13.
Bnn rises 6.221 Moon rises
Sunsets 7.05, .Moon sets 9.20 m
August— lß96.
I ™£5 Feet HfSf Feetlll^ Feetjll^ Feet
% H VV L W I H W| JL W
13 2.25 j 4.91 ii.^2 1.31 a.47 6.7*1 9.11 ITU
14 3.381 *.5 9.05 1.9 3.29 6.7 10.22 0.7
15 5.13 4.1 9.51 2.6 17 6> 11.40 0.4
16 6.54 8.9 10.47 3.1 6.18 5.9
L W H W L \V H W
17 0.55 0.0 8.22 4.0 12.00 3.5 6.24 5.9
18 2.05-0.3 9.30 4.2 1.22 3.6 7.30 8.0
19 3.04 -0.6 10.21 4.0 2.40 3.6 8.34 6.1
Notb— In the above exposition of the tides tbe
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides <>! the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. Tbe second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide ot tbe day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. Tbe heights given are additions to tbe
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlve
from the depth given by the charts.-
HIDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Htsbograpbic OFFICB, U. S. N., ■)
Merchants' Kichandx. • V
San Francisco. August 12. 1893. )
The time ball on Teiegrapn Hili was aropped '
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 tH
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time,
A. F. i'KCHTELER,
Lieutenant U. S. IN. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, August 12.
Stmr Arago, Reed, 44 hours from Coos Bay, via
Port Orford 36 hours; pass and mdse, to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr Geo Loom is, Bridgett, 35 hours from Ven
tura: 629--' bbls oil. to Pacific Coast Oil Co. ■r&BfJEi
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, 11 hours from
Point Pinos; cargo and wreckage from the wrecked
stmr st Paul.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 15 hours from
Greenwood ; lumber, to L E White Lumber Co. ,
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 17% hours frm. Eureka;
pass and mdse. to tioodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Navarro, Hardwlck, 31 hours from Eu
reka; lumber and shingles, to Gray .v. Mitchell.
Stmr San Jose, Russell, I3daysfrom La Llbertad
and way ports; pass and mdse, to P M S S Co.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles. 50 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 40 hours; produce, to O It & N Co.
schr Lizzie Prien, Engbrettsen, 7 days from
Nebalem River; lumber, to SH Harmon Lumber
Co.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 60 boars from
Stewarts Point: 100 eds bark, to Hlggins <& Col
lins. * ■ . '
Schr Helen N imball. Hellingsen, 26% days fm
Kahulul; 6400 bags sugar, to Alexander & Bold
win. *-
Sailed. t
WEDNESDAY. August 12.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson. -
Stmr .Newsboy, Fosen, Tillamook Bay.
, Stmr Cleone, Miller, Crescent City. ■
Tug Alert. Brokaw, Pigeon Point, with schr Vo
lant In tow.
Br ship Morven, Pace, Queenstown.
Schr Melancthon. Hatch, Columbia River,
Schr Mary c. Campbell. Bodega. ,
Schr Eclipse, Brtimmer. Eureka.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, Sluslaw River.
'i«?ie«j«"jij>'ii(3. "
POINT LOBOS. ; August 12-10 p. it- Weather
hazy . wind W: velocity. 8 aiiej.
'Charter*.
The schr Mary Dodge loads radse for Kabulul.
The Her • bark Artemis loads wheat at Tacoma
for Europe, 31s 3d— ls 3d ess direct— prior to ar
rival; Br ship Bermuda, coal at Nana.mofor this
port.
'imlfi.
June 21-Lat 7 8. long 29 W. Br ship Frankistan
from Liverpool for San Francisco.
July 31— Lat 45 N. long 8 W, Br bark Elliot, fm
Glasgow, for San Francisco.
Memorandum,
Per Lizzie Prien— On Aug 11 off Point Arena
carried away main boom. . . .
Uumentio Port*.
C SAL- -ailed Aug 12-Schr Ralph J Long, for
San Francisco. ■ • :
SEATTLE— SaiIed Aug 12— Stmr Progress, for
San Francisco. - ~-4»i*to ' ll^fo am^9^BSiuSf m mU^i
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Adg 12-Stmr Caspar,
hence Ang 11. \
'■- PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 12— Bark Forest
. Queen, for Honolulu. • ■
' M EN DOCINO— SaiIed Aug 12— Schr Five Broth
ers, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Farallon, for
Yaqulna Bay: stmr Excelsior, hence Aug 11.
: Sailed A tig 12— Stmr Farallon. for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug 12— stmr National
City.' from Coos Bay. '"- .' " . :
USAL— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Protection, bnce
Auk 11.; •-■;.,:-. ■...-. •■■ v, ■ ••■■---■ -.■ . I
- NKHALEM-SaUed Aug 9-Schr ' Eureka, for
I San Francisco. .
GREENWOOD- Arrived Aug 13-Stmr Green
wood, hence Aug 13.
ALBlON— Arrived A"8 11-Stmr South Coast,
C TACOM^V -Arrived Aug 12-Schr W H lalbot,
from Port Townsend.
ECKKK.v— saileJ Aug 12-Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 10— Schr Newark,
from Bowens Landing.
ROCKPORT— Arrived Aug 12-Stmr Scotia, hnc
Aug 1 1
ASTORIA-Arrivea Aug 12-Stmr Alice Blanch
ard, hence Aug 5, via Coos Bay.
Eastern Port*.
PHILADELPHIA-Cleareii Ang 11-Shlp Heel»
for ban Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
FALMOCTH- Sailed Ang 11— Br ship Marion
Ligh boily, for Liverpool.
.NEWCASTLE, XSW— Sailed Aug 10-Br ship
Port I,ogan. for San Diego.
NAXAlMO— sailed Aug 12— ahip J B Broivn,
for sa:i Francisco.
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Staamerf.
NEW YOKK— A.rrived Aur 12— Stmr Munchen,
for Bremen; stmr Trave. tor Bremen.
Sailed Auu 12— Stmr St Louis, for Southampton;
stmrTen onlc, for Liverpoo.; stmr Kensingtoa'
for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Aug 12-g [m r
P.OTTERD AM— Arrived out Aug 12-St mr
Werken.iam.
anileii auk 12— Stmr Spaarndam. for New York
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Aug 18— atmt Spree,"
for New York.
SCIL.I/Y — Passed Aus; 12— Stmr Paris, from Npw
York, for Southampton.
BROW HEAO-Passed Aug 12— stmr (;?rmanic
from New York, for Queenstown and Liverpool
LlZAßD— Passed Aug 12-Stmr Mohawk. Jroni
N«'w York, for London.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Ang 12-stmr
Paris.
LlZAßD— Passed Auk 12— Stmr Normannia, fm
New York, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and Ham
burg.
LEWIS ISLAND— Passed Aug 12— Stmr Persia
from Hamburg, for New York.
ImpnrtariTi <.
COOS BAY— Per Arago— 1 coop chickens, 3 kegs
38 tubs butter. 18 cs cheese, 11 bdls hides and
skins, 3 crts chairs, 1 pkg mdse, 1 bid piano. 1 cs
3 bales woolens, 1 ox lamps, 1 cs currants, 2 sks
corn, 1 corpse, 2 sks coin 2 crts express, 700 tons
coal.
i*ort Orford — 18 cows, 7 calves, 6 sks wool, I.' sks
bark, 9 bxs butter, 1 sk coin, 1 chst express, 1 ox
paint. 3 pk?s incise.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2l bxs plates 1 cart, 1
cs bacon, 1 pkg harness. 2 fobls mineral water, l'J5
M shingles, 1 bbl whisky, 54. 79' ift lumber, 143
head cattle. 9 pki,'.s express, 1 sk coin.
EHan IE R K— 3l pkgs mdse, 265 bxs butter, 5
crts blcvctes. 2 bbis elder. 6 crates, 6 doors.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA-Per Colnmbia
-20 bdls 1702 rolls paper, 1879 sks 2441 guunles
flour. 1959 sks nran. 17 sks bark, 2501) sks shorts,
7400 sks shorts, 7408 rt ash lumber. 465 cs sal
mon, 124 odis hides. 300 bt;,x 24 h -bols vinegar,
150 bis grain bags, 261 sks oysers.
Coini'inn
Per Arago— W C Price & Co: Thomas Louchran-
Hilmer. Bredhoff <!fc Schulz; Briglianj, Hopne A Co;
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association-
Marshall, Teggart & Co; Getz Bros * Co: H Strauss;
De Bernard! <& Co; Bandon Woolen-milU; I": ci tic
I Transfer Co: Marshall & Keiraers; N Gray <& Co;
Wells, Fargo <fe Co; Hulme ifc Hart; Anglo- A men- .
can Crockery Co: Coghlll & J Scuoenfela;
Cal Bottling Co: L Klein <t Co; it N Na>on.
Per Pomona— A mer Press Assn. Kowalsky & Co;
Brigham, Hoppe Co; Dodge, Sweeney & Co; X J
Shepardson ; Dairymen's Union •OB Smith & Co;
Cleveland Faucet Co: Wlel«nd Brewing Co; Harris .
<fc Jones; FBHatght; Enterprise Brewery; New-
Golden Gate Hotel; H S Crocker A Co; Moore &
Hunt; Wheaton. Breon Co: Standard Oil Co; US
Brewery; Humboldt Mineral Water Co; Hibernia
Brewery; Amer Cam Acid Gas Co; Pacific Lum
ber and Mill Co: C B Whitney & Co: Kolb <fc Kber
hardt; Norton, Teller & Co; Standard Oil Co ; Rosa
& Hewlett; Wolf & Son; Hooker & Co.
Per Columbia— Western 801 l Paper Co; Pacific
Vineear CO; CJ Leist tV: Co; Morgan f «erCo:A
S Smith; M P Detels: Willamette Pulr Paper Co;
Allen & Lewis: Deo Morrow & Co: fc> Koshiand;
Otis. McAllister* Co: J X Armsby 4 Co; J Wig
more & Son; Fogarty <fe Parlor; l)arbee<fc Immel;
Cutting Packing Co: M £ A Wagner: G Emmons;
Portland Meat Co: M B Moraghan.
For Late Shipping InteUioence See Fourteenth MflW.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC coast steamship COMPAJY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Aj3«_
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, aiSHS
follows:
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Juneau, Kil-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. v., Sept. 11, 38.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, . Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi-atcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.), 9a. v.
Aug. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For l'.ureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. it., Aug. 1,5.9,13,
17. 21, 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m. Au-
gust 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
• day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
feles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11 •
a. m. August 1. 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. h. August 27, and 25th of each month there-
after.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. I
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
ASTORIA AiIORTLANft
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15........' July 27, August 6, 14
Bute of California sails.. July 22, August 1, 11, 21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. M.
OOODALL PERKINS & CO., Genl. Supts.
I F. CONJNOR, General A«en>,
6:-U) TH».-lrnf .•>.-
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, fW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 1 my
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, August 20.
at 2 p. m. ■ ,
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur
day. August 29. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Anst., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELB 4 BROS. CO., Agents,
11+ Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGME GENERAL TRANSATLASTIQUB
French Line to Havr».
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH AfR m
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by CtPAK
this line avoid both transit by English railway anJ
the discomfort of crossing the channel inasma:!
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via lart*
lirst-ciaas $160; second-class, $116.
LAOASCOGNE. Aug. 22. 9 a. M.
LA r.lll-.TAi^V August «9, 3 A. M.
LA BOURGOGNE. Sept. 5, 9*. »■
LA NORMANDIE.. gept. 12. 5 a. st
LA TOURAINE s p . 19. ■ a. It
l£S m For fuither particulars apply to
A.FOKGET. Agent,
. No. 3. Bowling Oreen, v York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
Avenue, San Francisco. .____^
fust & CO.'S
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coatl
Ports.
FROM NSW, YORK: J MACT
The Al Clipper ship. NNM - H ' MA^ l
A mesbury, Master.
FROM PHILADELPHIA: FB
The Al Clipper Ship A. J. FULLEB
Coloord. Master.
Insurance effected at l°^ Mt .' at i rk AB Broad
For freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
street. New York. „ rBAPMiS
Consignees in San Francisco: J. F. CHArjiAa
6 CO., '11 California street. _
BOIAimiLSTEAMJiCIETCOaPAJY.
Southampton, calling en route a. **
p^K«fiM^s|dV««^
Throng tickets from »"SSSSS. »!*! thinl
ran " SH.; «-:,i;f.-»mi»!H.
"IFocktoslteajiebs
Leave Pier No 3, Washington St..
At 6 F. Kally.; iVe.gl- received up
«- Accomrnodal^K^rWb, Telephone.
I.- C ' a i«t r t Cit? of Stockton.
M^Uoue^Bo5 I_iJ^^1 _iJ^^- "* »1* *>
U.S. lin-YW. MARK ISLJIID, VAUEJO,
wtl! MOMllttWi
Dally 10-30 am 4 :o<ir. M. (Saturdays **in:3J
iii »:Sp ZL Sundays 8 p. m. oniv. (Offices
«nd 'lind n" PieV 3 Mission st. T«lephon» Biai-u
and landin,,. 1 ie. -• HATCH BRO-.
3 £°w ■* P°"rs « JN avyyard. 1
FOR SA\ JOE, 10SGATOS& SAXTACRIZ
STKAMEK ALVISOLKAVKS PIER 1 DAILY,
at 10a. m. (Sundays excepted^: Alviso dally at
7p. v. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between San Francisco and Al visa,
SOc; to San Jose, 75c Clay St., Pier 1. 'JO W.
g»£U ClaxAlWJian Joia, HSKsffittHOLD LARRY LANE
LANDS IN JAIL.
Compromises Big Imaginary
Claims for a Few
Cents.
WAS AN OLD SETTLER.
Had to Vacate When the San
Publo Rancbo Was Distrib
uted to Its Owners.
HE HAUNTS W. J. DINGEE.
Thinks He Owns Large Interests in
the Property of the Oakland
Water Company. . •
Oakiaitd Office Saw Fbahcisoo Call.)
908 Bboadway, Aug. 12. J
Lawrence Lane, the queerest character
in Oakland, was arrested last night, but
Larry Lane, Who Was Released From
Jail to Go to the Hospital, and
Disappeared.
he was too sick to appear in court, and
this morning he was allowed to go to the
Receiving Hospital, but he did not report
there and nobody knows where he has
gone.
Larry Lane's history is pitiful. For the
best part of his life be lived on the San
Pablo rancho, and when it was distrib
uted and all the settlers were required to
leave Larry walked out of his shanty and
left the little plat that he had cultivated
and wandered into Oakland. He is over
70 years old and is known as the man who
wears a wig of dark hair so small that his
gray hair is in evidence all around.
For a long time he has been mentally
incapable, and everybody has regarded
him with pity. He believes that he owns
a large portion of the Oakland Water
Company's property, and he haunts the
office of the company with all sorts of im
aginary claims for dividends.
The clerks take compassion on him and
compromise with his million-dollar de
mands for a nickel or a dime, and the
poor old feiJow goes off contented. He
does not appear to have a relative in the
world, but nothing can disabuse his mind
of the Idea that he is a capitalist.
"My dividends are a little late in com
ing," said Larry at the prison, "but I have
given President Din^ee orders to
straighten matters out at once. I have !
five millions in that company and I ought i
to be accorded some voice in its manage
ment. I find it very hard to consult with
Mr. Dingee about the management, for he i
is always out when I call. Every day for j
six months I have called and the clerks i
have told mo they have not yet figured up j
my dividends. I must have this business
changed."
At the prison Larry was charged with
disturbing the peace of a citizen on
Twelfth street, but it is not likely that the
charge will be pressed, as it is difficult td
see just how old man Lane could muster
enough effort to disturb the peace of any
one. He wanted the police to send for
Mr. Dingee to bail him out, but they did
not require heavy bail to hold Mr. Lane,
so his request was not granted. The old
fellow is quite sick and it is very probable
that he may not much longer be troubled
by his hallucinations.
GLASS AND WATER DIET.
Medical Fraternity and Press
Representatives Given a
Seance.
Alamedans Have the Exposition Thurs
day and the Native Sons Have
It Saturday.
Oakland Omcß San Fp.akcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 12. \
The fact that a man can easily eat glass j
tumblers and not feel any bad after effects i
was clearly proven at the exposition this ;
ffternoon, when William Leary accom- j
plished the feat before three well-known ;
physicians of the city and representatives j
of the press, several exposition 'directors ;
aud a few exhibitors. In speaking of it j
afterward he said:
"I am 28 years old and was taught to
eat glass when 6 years of age. My mother
was a German and my father w&s from
South Africa. He was a professional eater
•nd he taught my two brothers and two j
sisters to do the same. I have never had j
any trouble about the broken glass cutting I
my tongue or interior and really enjoy i
eating it. I eat at least three ordinary
lamp chinmeys every day and drink about j
three gallons of water each day. I only j
take solid food about once a month and it [
always disagrees with me.
Dr. J. D. Dunn, Dr. Hamlin and Dr.
Kitchen watched Leary closely wnile he
chewed up and swallowed the two tum
blers they cave him. He showed the
broken glass on his tongue before he swal
lowed it and the pieces were of various [
sizes up io that of a good-sized pea. An
examination of the mouth showed that ;
his teeth bad worn away nearly to the I
cums and to protect tiie latter he had had j
a metal plate fitted on them. His tongue \
has the appearance of being partially
parboiled, but is not cut in the least. Dr.
Dunn said :
"I never had any doubt but that he
really ate the glass, but I do not believe
that be does not take solid food. Glass
will not sustain life, and he has a well
formed, healthy body, and must, there
fore, take food ns tbe rest of us do. Any
one could take glass on a full stomach
without injury. W e have recently had
the ca<~e oi a child in this city which I
iook a quantity of ground glass without
any ill after effects. I cannot see, how
ever, how he avoids cutting his mouth I
and tongue in breaking the large pieces of
glass. We offered to make an examina
tion of the contents of his stomach, bat
he refused to allow it unless we would
give him $50."
Leary is an uneducated fellow, but has
his eye on the opportunity to make
money. His exhibition, however, is not
received with satisfaction, as the women
all turn sick and leave the room.
The colored citizens of Alameda County
presented the programme to-night and
every inch of standing-room wa3 taken in
the Tabernacle.
The Native Sons of the Golden West
will h:-.ve charge of the exposition iratnr
day evening, and the attendance prom
ises to be the largest yet reached. The j
following has been issued by those in
charge:
To the officers avd members of Parlor.
K. S. G. W. and X. D. G. W.: A committee
from tne several parlors met at the Oakland
Exposition office Saturday evening, August 8,
and have arranged the following programme:
Address by tbe grand president, Hon. H. C.
Geaford; address by the grand president, N. I).
O. W., Mrs. Mary Tillman; vocal selection, Mlas
Gretchen Sernette, accompanied by Mrs. J.
A. Crist; clarionette solo. A. L. Bangle
(Brooklyn Parlor): selection, Reliance Glee Club;
monologue, Kd Sweeney: Spanish dance, Miss Ida
Maloon; barytone solo, Ueorge Bee be (Wisteria
Farlor).
Call at the exposition for Native Sons' and
Daughters' bailees.
We will make this a special day and even
ing and will look for a large delegation irom
the parlors of Alameda County. Come, bring
your friends ,aud make it the best day of the
exposition, as you did in 1895. Your grand
officers have been extended a Bpecial invita
tion.
Remember the date— Saturday evening, Au
gust 13.
Reception Commtttek,
Per H. M. tttm Subkn, Secretary.
To-morrow, Thursday, is Alameda day
and the programme is in the hands of the
following:
General committee of arrangements— Dr.
Thomas Carpenter, chairman; E. D. Mc-
Donald, chulrinau of advertising committee;
T. G. Daniels, chairman entertainment com
mittee; James W. Travers. chairman recep
tion committee; J. F. Forderer, president of
the day.
Reception committee— James W. Travers
(chairman), Mrs. C. E. Naylor, Mb. J. F.
Forderer, Mrs. I. X. Chapman, Miss Agnes
Spreckels, Mies Laura Foster, A. It. Denkt, F.
B. Krauth, Minor Smith, Dr. Lubbock.
Opening address
J. W. Forderer, chairman of the board of trustees.
Barytone solo, "Because I Jx>ve You So"
Arthur G. Burns
Oration E. K. Tayior
Hawaiian sextet Native songs
Tenor solo, "I Love Thee and the World Is
Mine" Frederick F. Purd
Soprano solo, "Thy Blue Eyes".. Mrs. 1,. L. Dlxoo
Brytone «010, "Land A head".. Dr. J. O. Humphrey
fctereopticon v'ews, "Alameda as She Is"
B. F. I am born
The musical programme by the Exposi
tion band, Alexander T. Stewart director,
is as follows:
March, "Member of Congress" Alder
Overture, ">>"ebnch»dneszar" Verdi
selection, "Robin Hood" De Koven
Patrol, '-Ulue and C-iray" Cox
fiavcp, ".Miranda" Krause
Overture, "Ar.inzon" Klesler
Boleio, "In I'M .Madrid" Trotere
■\Vali:'., •■< i iricso LamerDs" Jaxone
Healey. ■•■•*■; ■ •■ Brahaa
Polka, "Marie" Mlunls
!.\ EN'lJje, 8 O'CLOCK.
March, "State Militia Review" (Alameda com
poser) George Koppltz
Overture, "Straae'.la" Fioiow
Fantasle, "Mignon" Thomas
"Marcbe Triompbale" (Alameda composer).. .
Theo. Vogt
Presidential polooalse Sous a
Waltz. "Jolly Fellows" Vollstedt
Medley, '-Last of th* Hojans" Braban
March, "Xl Capltan" sousa
REPORT OF GRAND JURY.
Seven New Indictments Returned
Against County Auditor
Whidden.
The Report Is the Shortest on Record
and Utterly Devoid of any
Sensational Matter.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 12. )
The Grand Jury, which was impaneled;
on April 20, presented its final report to- !
day. It is the shortest Grand Jury report
ever presented in this county, and its only
feature is the condemnation of the City j
Prison building. Following is the full re
port:
To Eon. W. E. Greene, Judge Superior Court, j
Alameda County— Sir: The Grand Jury, im- j
paneled by your Honor on April 20, 1896, have ]
investigated all matters that have been \
brought to their attention and respectfully ;
submit the following report:
Your Honor appointed C. R. Lewis foreman, j
and the jury upon convening elected Lin
wood Paimer secretary for their own con- j
venience.
We have investigated nineteen different
cases, some of them requiring several days'
diligent inquiry, to arrive at & determination.
Of these six were ignored and thirteen true
bills found.
The dangerous condition of the tall chimney |
of the Courthouse was brought to our atten- :
tion. • We investigated tiie same, called the at- !
tention of the Board of Supervisors to it, and
they promptly rectified the evil.
We visited the County Infirmary and the
jury found no cause lor criticism in its man
agement. We are of the opinion that the pres
ent superintendent, Dr. Clark, is (Joins all he
can for the welfare of the inmates and the
proper management of the institution.
Upon visiting the County Jail we found
things cleanly and well kept, and heard no j
complaints from its inmates. We would, how- |
ever, direct the attention of the Board of Su- I
pervisors to the fact that tlie water supply for I
the extinguishment cf fire is inadequate, and
we think could be remedied at a nominal cost.
This, however, is a matter entirely at their
discretion.
The City Prison we found to be kept in as
good and proper condition as could be ex
pected under tho present circumstances.
We do not think it is necessary, for us to
make a statement that everybody knows as
well as onrselves, end that is that the city I
prison building is entirely unfit and inade
quate for the city of Oakland.
On our visit to the receiving hospital we saw
■ nothing to cause any adverse comment.
We have received courteous and gentlemanly '•
treatment from the District Attorney's office, j
as well as from the various county officials !
with whom we have been brought in contact.
Respectfully submitted.
C. R. Lewis, Foreman.
Linwood Palmer, Secretary.
- The report was not expected for another i
week. The investigation into the death ]
of May Quill at Berkeley, and in which a i
lad named Schmidt figured conspicuously I
a few months ago, was not referred to offi
cially, as the jurors were of the oninion
that Schmidt testimony is utterly un
reliable. . ,
The old tax-shortage scandal was re
vived by the presentation of seven indict
ments against Auditor Whidden. Six are
for falsifying public records and one is
for embezzlement. Mr. Whidden gave
bonds of $1000 in each case. .-'.,.
Another indictment : for forgery was re
turned for a person in the county, and
another for jail-breaking. ...
The grand jurors will be. best remem
bered for the activity they showed in in
vestigating the gold-brick swindle. The
investigation saved much time and con
tributed largely to the conviction of one
of the, swindlers last week. The Grand
Jury was composed of C. R. Lewis, Henry
A. affer, Abel Thornton, Marion Clark,
J. A. Wixson, Charles Roeth, George S.
Naisrnith, Linwood Palmer. Thomas
White, R.F.Crist, C. C. Volberp,? J. A.
Bliss, Henry J. Sonst. Christian Schreiber,
Henry Trombley, William Clift, William
P. Wheeler, William Snyder.
■■■ « — ♦ •— . ;.
The consumption of beer in New York
City in a single year is 160,000,000 gallons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
THE MAN FLEW
OUT OF SIGHT,
Remarkable Disappearance
of an Inventive
Cobbler.
HE USED HIS MACHINE.
For Three Years He Has Worked
Secretly, Learning How
to Fly.
NOW HE CLAIMS SUCCESS.
In a Few Weeks He Will Make the
First Public Trial With His
Patent Wings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 12. (
One of the most remarkable reports ever
made to the police was that of some ladies
John Frieser, Who Hew Out of Slgtit by the Aid of His Patent Flying Machine.
j and gentlemen who were returning from !
! a party at an early hour this morning,
i The report was made that a man with
wines had been seen in the middle of \
Twelfth street, between Franklin and
j Webster, and that he had flown away at \
-, the approach of the party.
Quite naturally but little credence was i
• accorded the story, but although the man
I with wings di 1 not fly out of sight he did
i fly a short distance and then disappeared ;
I so quickly that the beholders actually
! thought he had ascended into the clouds.
| He had flapped his way several yards anil !
; then suddenly folded his flying machine i
: and disappeared into his shop.
Jobn Frieser is a cobbler residing on |
! Twelfth street.between Franklin and Web- \
' ster. He is a philosopher and a very in- i
terestinp man to converse witn. He is a ;
j German by birth and is of a deliberate :
I pensivo nature. He has hammered tacks j
' into "hoes and thonglit of the possibilities :
' of flying for three years, and he has so far ]
i succeeded that he can raise himself off the i
I earth with his wings. For many months j
! after the rest of the world has gone to bed |
j Cobbler Frieser has worked in his back i
j room and has tested hinges and frames j
Flying Machine With Which Its Inventor Hopes to Imitate a Sparrow's Flight
and made calculations that he now claims (
will enable him to emulate the sparrows. |
The sparrow is the cobbler's model. He !
bas studied that bird and has tried to un- |
derstand the secrets that enable it to rise j
and fly so simply.
"I am now certain of success," said the
inventor to-day, "ana 1 have carefully j
kept my machine a secret. I shall soon be |
able to go up and come down just like '
that bird. 1 expect to be able to fly with !
great rapidity, and if I should meet a hur- j
ricane while in the air I should have no [
difficulty in keeping ahead of it. I have I
always believed that it is possible for a
man to fly, and if I do not discover the
method somebody else will."
The flying-machine on which Mr.
Frieser has spent so many laborious hours
is a large and rather cumbrous looking
object. The wings are ten feet broad and
twenty feet long, and are composed of a
wire frame, over which canvas is
stretched. In the center, where the oper
ator stands, is a combination of cranks
that enable the man to flap the win^-s in a
manner similar to the wings of a bird. |
Tnere is also another arrangement by
which the wines can be worked from their
top ed^c. There is enough resistance in
the win^s to enable the man to keep in
the air on the same principle a.- that of a
parachute, but it is not easy for the nn
itiated to see how the ascent can be made.
Mr. Frieser, however, says that part has
been solved, and only a few details are
now needed. These, he says, will be com
pleted in a few days, and he will make his
initial trip. He feels particularly bitter
against some unknown person who was on
the street early, a few mornings ago, and
who tried to discover what the cobbler
was doing. While doing so he injured
tho machine, and Frieser has been put to
great loss of time in making the necessary
repairs.
The living-machine is kept from public
view, in a rear room, and Frieser guards
his secret with great care. He is very en
thusiastic, and explains all his ideas with
the ease of a man who has out them into
practice and tested them.
AN OAKLAND BOY.
W. XV. Barrel*"", Who N Now Charged
\\ itli a Murder In
Georgia.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— W. W. Har
relson, who recently murdered a com
panion at a gambling table in Georgia,
was an Oakland boy. His father was an
Alameda bridge-tender and the lad was a
pupil in the public schools of this city.
After leaving school he was employed by
Harry Gordon, a local insurance man, as
cashier.
When the pneumatic tires first came
into common use for bicycles Harrelson
went into the wheel business and held two
records when he left here about six years
ago. He went to Georgia and married the
daughter of a railroad president. Little
has been heard of him until the dis-
I patche* received fome days ago telling of
| his shooting his companion.
DELEGATES AT LARGE.
! Men Who Will Represent the Two Can
didates in the Congressional
Primaries.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— The notico
I of the nomination of delegates to run on
the Hilborn ticket at the Republican pri
maries to be held throughout the county
; next Saturday was filed with Secretary
Walsh of the Republican County Central
Committee to-day in the following note:
Oakland, Cal.. Aug. 12, 1896.
Phil M. Walsh, Secretary Alameda County He
pub'ictn Central Committrc— Dear Sir: To con
lormtothe resolution of your committee in
I tne matter of delegates at large to be voted for
lit the primary election on August 15 next the
friends of the Hon. S. G. Hilborn have request
ed me to notify your committee that they have
suiected as representing his siiie of tne con
test the following delegutes «t large: W. R.
Davis, F. K. Shattuck, Charles Prowse and
Firm D. Hinds. Respectfully yours,
wiu.iam Ji. Friend.
Judge A. L. Frick, the other candidate,
has notified Secretary Walsh that his rep
resentatives will be the same who were
originally nominated by the County Com-
mittee and afterward withdrawn on the
recommendation of the campaign com
mittee of the State Central Committee,
viz.: W. G. Heushaw, C. S. Long, G. P.
Morrow and R. W. Church.
Klected New Offlceri.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— The Oak
land Political Equality Society has chosen
new olricers ior the ensuing year as
follows:
Honorary president, C. E. Lloyd; president,
Mrs. S. C.Borland; vice-presidents, Miss Mollie
Couners, Mrs. Emma Shatter Howard, Mra.
Irene Woodhaus, Mrs. Henry Vrooman, Mrs.
W. D. Tripp; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Stebbins; recording secretary, Mrs. T. L.
Walker; treasurer, Miss Rowena Foster.
The society also elected the following
delegates to the County Convention, which
will be held in this city the first Tuesday
in September:
Mrs. S. C. Sanford. Mrs. T. L. Walker, Mrs.
Fadie Thompson, Mrs. Stebbins; alternates-
Mrs. W. G. Tripp, Mrs. Florence Johnson, Mrs.
Adeline Osgoo'd, Mrs. Kate Carter.
New Pastor Arrives.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— The Rev. E.
E. Hammond has arrived from Oshkosh,
Mich., to assume pastoral charge of the
First Universalist Church in this city.
He is a graduate of Lemford College,
Galesburg, 111., and is said to be a clever
and eloquent young man. He is unmar
ried and greatly devoted to bis chosen
Drofessioa. j
NO SOFT SNAP
FOR TYPEWRITERS
Clerk Jordan's Army Ex
pected to Receive Four
Prices.
GIVE THE SECRET AWAY
Discover They Are Working for
Politicians Who Plead
Poverty.
THEY WANTED NO "CINCH."'
Some Political Knowledge Displayed
by One of tbe Disap
pointed.
Oakland Oftick San Francibco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 12. j
The typewriters who are getting out the
great register have experienced a big dis
appointrnont.
They were led to believe that they were
to receive 2 cents a name for their work.
Now they have been asked, and all have
agreed, to sign a contract for 60 cents a
hundred names. Just how they were led
into the belief that they were to receive
pay that would aggregate $10 a day is not
easy to trace, and the ladies themselves do
not know on whom to vent tneir disap
pointment, and that of course makes it all
the harder to bear.
At the present rates, which are about
the same as ordinary office work rates, the
operators can make between $2 and $2 50
per day. At the expected rates they could
of course have made four times that
amount. The report that the high rate
was to be paid brought scores of type
writers from across the bay, and their dis
appointment was great when they found
out their mistake.
"The trouble arose this way," said one
of the prettiest of the fair army that is in
control of the Supervisors' quarters at
present. "We thought wa were to work
for the county and we expected several
times the usual rates. You know when
we do official work we generally get about
four times the usual amount paid for
routine work. J3do not quite Unow why
it should be so, but I guess it's what the
men call 'cinching' the county. Every
body about the building here gets about
six times as much as they earn, and of
course when we worfc for the county we
expect the same.
"But we learned to-day that we are not
working for the county. Although work
ing under the direction of the County
Clerk we are getting out this register for
some politicians, the Republican County
Committee, or some other committee, I
believe. When we spoke about the pay
they said they were all broke and that this
is going to be a starvation campaign and
that none of the candidates can 'pony up
a bean,' whatever that means.
"But of course we are gome to get paid
all right, although this is not what some
of the men round here call 'a snap.' Mr.
O'Connell, who I believe is a prominent
politician, said to-day that we should
have the satisfaction of knowing that our
work would contribute toward a clean
primary, and the idea seemed to please
him immensely."
ALAMEDA'S PRE PARATIONS
The Committees Have Worked
Hard to Insure a Suc
cessful Day.
A Bui ding Association's Sworn State
ment Said t) Bi False— Election
of Delegates.
ALAMfiDA, Cal., Aug. 12.— The vari
ous committees in charge of tne observ
ance of Alameda day at the Oakland Ex
position to-morrow have completed t*ll
tneir arrangements, and there seems every
prospect that their labors will be crowned
with success.
The anthorities in charge of the exposi
tion have been most liberal in their con
cessions, and this absence of niggardliness
has done much to arouse a spirit of en
thusiasm among the committees.
All the public schools will be closed and
in the afternoon the pupils will be ad
mitted free. Each school has appointed
its own reception committee, which will
have charge of the conduct and behavior
of their schoolmates.
The general reception committee will
consist of Me?dames Joseph F. Forderer,
C. E. Naylor, I. N. Cnapman, Green
Majors, Bauerhyte, Palmer, Nixon,
Mia=es Agnes Spreckels, Laura Foster and
Mabel Mailer and A. R. Denker Jr., F. is.
Krauth, E. Minor Smith, Dr. C. H. Lub
bock, J. G. Brick, J. W. Harbourne, J. L.
Ballentine, Louis A. Phillips.
A Building Society's Statement.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Aug. 12.— Oscar S.
Mysell, the auctioneer on Park3treet, pur
chased at auction on June 6 a lot and
house on which a mortgage was held by the
Alameda Building and Loan Association
in the sum of $761. On looking at the as
sessment roll this afternoon Mysell found
that the deduction on account of mort
gage was only $250. The officials claim
that this is the amount which the Ala
meda Building and Loan Association, on
its sworn statement, claimed that the
mortgage tax was collectable on.
Mysell is on the warpath, as he holds re
ceipts to show that ne paid the mortgage
off to the building association, and thai
the amount paid by him was $746. This
was in July, and he contends that in
March the mortgage indebtedness was no
less. He says some one has comraittel
perjury, and unless the difference between
the mortgage money written on the assess
ment rolfand the money paid by him to
redeem the property be added tothe deduc
tions made on account of mortgage some
one is going to get into trouble.
The Ninety-Seven Fund.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Aug. 12.— The Young
People's Society of Christian Endeavor is
going to hold an entertainment and social
in the First Presbyierian Church parlors
on Friday evening, the proceeds of which
are to be devoted to the '97 convention
fund. _
To Sell Their<Clmrch.
OAKLAND, Cal., Afig. 12.— The First
Christian Church and the lot on wnich it
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Ssdcs
AUCTION SALE.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
AT 154U HOWARD STREET.
The Fine Oak Furniture of 8 Rooms, as gool a
new. U H. BUBB Auctioneer.
stands will chance hands to-morrow for
$7000. The church will worship in some
public hall for a few months and in the
meantime will build a comfortable but not
expensive church nearer the center of the
city.
To Discuss Candidates.
OAKLAND, Cal., Auet. 12.— An open
meeting of the Second Ward Republican
Club, F. R. dorter, president, is to be held
Thursday evening at Milton Hall, San
Pablo avenue and Forty-eighth street.
The actual fitness of the respective Con
gressional candidates will be discussed
and action taken regarding the primaries
on Saturday. The matter of organizing .i
marching corps of 200 men will be con
sidered. Several candidates for local offices
are to be heard, and a late letter from
Major McKinley will be read.
The 3lcGraw Estate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— Judge
Greene to-day cut off the family allowance
of $100 a month in the estate of P. H. Mc-
Graw on the ground that it appeared tho
estate was bankrupt and that any further
money available Bhould be held over for
the final settlement.
Commences To-Day.
This morning the sale of seats will begin
at the Macdonough Theater for the en
gagement on Monday next of the Empire
Theater Stock Company. The repertoire
is as follows:
Monday, "The Masqueraders," by Henry
Arthur Jones; Tuesday, "Bohemia," by Clyde
Professor Bunnell, Whose Friends Are Seeking to Have Him Replaced In the
University.
Fitch; Wednesday matinee, "The Benefit of
the Doubt," by A. W. Pinero; Wednesday
evening, "The Masqueraders," by Henry Ar
thur Jones.
FELL THROUGH THE FLOOR.
Accident to a Carpenter That May
Prove Fatal.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— John Flod
berg, a well-know.i resident of East Oak
land, lies at the point of death, the result
of an accident that occurred on Saturday
afternoon while he was at work carpenter
ing on a new building that was being
erected in San Francisco.
While walking across the floor joists he
fell through and struck a beam, rupturing
the bladder and sustaining severe internal
injuries, which, it is feared, will cause !:is
death. He was removed to his home, 1122
East Nineteenth street, and has been since
in the care of several physicians.
Not lone since he was in the grocery
business on Washington street, and, with
Mr. Olson, had a branch grocery-store in
East Oakland. He is a member of Te
cumseh Tribe, I. O. R. M., and the Car
penters' Union.
Gone to France.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— Dr. D. A.
McMullan and wife left yesterday ior
France in response to a summons of at
torneys who are settling an < state of Air?.
McMullan's aunt. She is to have half
and her brother, a Dr. Mahe of San Fran
cisco, the other half. Dr. .McMulian is a
member cf the Board of Education and
has a wide acquaintance throughout the
city.
Lilssner-Greenhopd AVeiltliiig;.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— The wed
riins of Miss Ermine Greenhood, daughter
of Jacob Greenhootl, and Meyer Lissncr
was solemnized iast evening at the bride's
home. Rev. Dr. Friedlauder performed
the c remony.
Miss Emilie Greenhood, sister of the
bride, was maid of honor and the brides
maids were Misses Annette Hirshberg,
Carrie Beel and Lizzie Pores. Miss .Addie
Zander fulfilled the office of ring-bearer.
Bert Lissner was his brother's best man.
To Hear Candidates.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 12.— There will
be a meeting of the Sixth Ward Republi
can Club at Becker's Hall, on Washington
street, Friday, the 14th, at 7:45 p. m. Con
gressman Hilborn, Judge Frick and Judge
Adams will address r i.e meeting. Good
music will be in attendance. George B.
M. Gray is president.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
* Short Chapters. ■-' ■
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
;;■■ • 908 Broadway, Aug. 12.. j
The Bay District Republican Club will hold
a rally Friday evening at Klinkner Hall,
Golden Gate. Good speakers will -De in at
tendance.
. There will be a meetinz of the Sixth Ward
Republican Club at Becker's Hall, Friday even
ing, August 14, at 7:45 o'clock. Congressman
HliDorn and others will address the meeting.
A full attendance is desired. ,
Warren Alexander Montgomery has applied
for letters of guardianship upon Winfleld Scott
Montgomery, his stepson. The mother of the
child is dead, and the 'whereabouts of his
father, 1 Lewis Theobald, has been unknown for
many years. . .; •
The estate of Rebecca E. Dwindle lias been
appraised at $16,970 75. Among the items are
fifty shares "of the capital stock of the Central
Bank,' valued at $1650; real estate in Solar. o
County, stock in a building and loan 'society.
Seme *trCK in ; the Panama canal and water
compr ny, is reported of no value. ' :
The courses in modern languages given :by
the Y. M. C. A. in their evening school will this
year, be in charge of William Zimmerman, late
a teacher in the Boys' and Girls' High School
of Ban Francisco."^ The classes^ will bo r taught
Dy the Berlitz method, which pays particular
attention to proficiency in conversation. • : • •
The Republicans of Livermore are preparing
for a demonstration Thursday ni-'ln at which
Mr.'--Pearse- will • be the ! principal -speaker.
The local ; Republican club of which .Valen
tine Alyiso is president will have charge of
the affair. '~ *%hs£&UtSKKnHß&a£g£ ■»•."."
LAURENCE VIJCEIT, AUCTIONEER.
WII-X. SELL THIS , AFTKRNOON,
Thursday ...August 13, 1890,
• : At . 2 o'clock On the premises,
351 Grove St., between dough arid Octavla,
THE ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO,
PARLOR AM) OnASIItKU FURMTUi'E
LATJRKNCE VIXCKXT. Auctioneer.
PROFESSORS FAVOR FLAGG
Some of the Members of the
Faculty Wish Him
Retained.
The Trouble Deplored as Being
Bad for the Uni
versity.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 12.— The en
tire university community was stirred to
its very depths this morning by the an
nouncement of the action taken by the
Board of Regents at the session yesterday
in relation to the deposing of Professor
Isaac Flagg of the department of Greek,
and the reinstatement of Professor O. W.
Bunnell.
That there was a move to effect the rein
statement of Professor Bunnell seemed to
have been commonly known among most
of those on the "inside," but the method
pursued and the time of action were
sources of surprise.
A petition is being prepared to be circu
lated among the student body, asking that
the Board of Regents take no further
action, but permit Flagg to remain in his
present position.
"This is one of the most deplorable cir
cumstances that bas ever taken place in
the history of the State University," said
one of the leading professors to-night, who
would not jjermit his name to appear in
i print. "It is absolutely without prece
i dent, and I believe that the plan to oust
Professor Fiagg and to put in Professor
Bunnell is deep laid and extends beyond
the confines of Berkeley. The faculty are
taking no part in the difficulty and proba
bly will not.
"There has been no call for a special
meeting to consider the case, and I don't
believe there will be one. The question
may como up for consideration at the
regular faculty meeting on Saturday
evening."
The entire history ot the difficulty ex
isting between the two professors was
given in thi3 morning's Call. It dates
back over eight or ten years, and the first
trouble which Professor Bunnell had with
the university took place something like
lifte»n years ago.
When and how the present affair will
end la a matter of the deepest speculation
among the professors and university
society in general.
May Bring Suit.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 12. -The
parents of young Roy Parker are threat
ening to bring suit tor damages against
the Claremont, University and Ferries
Railroad Company, as a result of a horse
whip wound said to have been inflicted on
the lad last Friday by the superintendent
of the line, Fitzpatrick. The boy, with a
companion, was riuinn on the rear steps,
and iilzpairicK claims that they were at
tempting to steal a ride. He turned and
iashed them with his whip, cutting young
Parker's face and inflicting an ugly flesh
wound. Friends oi the youth say that the
attach was without good cause
l'-arh of Dr. Veeder.
BERKELEY. Cal., Aug. 12.— Rev. Dr.
Peter Veeder, an old resident of Berkeley,
a distinguished educator and a prominent
member or" the California Presbytery, died
of paralyses yesterday at his home on
Dwight way, near Shattuck avenue. He
had ueen aa invalid for a number of years,
a:xl his death was not altogether unex
pected.
Melons Growing In Air.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 12.— Professor
E. W. Hilgard of the department of agri
culture at the State University has an in
teresting curio in a melon tree that is
growing large melons several feet from
tiie ground. The tree is known to scien
tists as a papaya and i? a native of the
tropics, The specimen which the profes
sor has grows in one of the hothouses.
Drafting Ordinances.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 12.— The Mer
chants' Protective Association is at work
upon it 3 proposed campaign for a high
license upon solicitors for firms doing
business elsewhere than in Berkeley. The
association will delegate a committee to
appear before the Town Board at its next
meeting and ask that a license equal to
the one in Oakland be levied in Berkeley.
Crescent Club Selection.
BERKELEY, Cal., Au«. 12.— The Cres
cent Athletic Clubtiias elected the follow
ing new officers, most of whom were
chosen to till the vacancies made by the
resignations of the old officers: Ernest
\Vill3, secretary; Robert Creelman, finan
cial secretary; Julius Strauss, field cap
tain. A. Demetrak, F. Esmond and J. A.
Marshal! have been chosen directors.
/ r7 ?fc Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A->f|-jß| *»2i5 «I:AR.\V ST. Kstablished
KtM?" --EftS " I% * s * forth« treatment of Private
Mt Lft,Mm Uts»;usis, Lost Manhood. ; Debility or
{MSgMH&'lisousp wearing <"' body and mind and
«T|«3n iBl ."-kin Diseases. 'l'hedoctorcureswben
3£9n^^M others fall. Try him. Chnrgca low.
?^4EB9MH3Care«si<aranl<-«'d. Callorvrrit?.
i>r. J. If. mIBBO>. Box 1857<SanFraacUcU
1314
WILL EXPOSE
ADULTERATIONS,
A Powerful Committee to
Watch Certain Deal
ers.
AN ATTORNEY ENGAGED
Chamber of Commerce, Manufac
turers and Others Dis
cuss a Plan.
WON'T WAIT FOR THE CITY.
Organ 'zed Food Inspection and a Suit.
able Appropriation Are in
View.
T_e Fruit Exchange, the Chamber of
Commerce, the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association and the Produce Ex
change combined yesterday upon a plan
to expose adulterated eroods imported into
this market from the East.
They do not purpose to wait patiently
until the necessary appropriation of
|20,000 or $30,000 a year shall have been
made by the City to provide an efficient
service for the inspection of foods and the
maintenance of better general sanitary
measures. They will keep that object in
view, but meanwhile they purpose to do
something themselves.
Yesterday committees for the associa
tions mentioned above met at the Fruit
Exchange, 317 Davis street, and discussed
at length the subject of adulterated foods,
their evil effect upon the public health
and the injustice done to honest manufac
turers and dealers.
Attorney George H. Cabannis appeared
before the committee and offered his serv
ices gratuitously to prosecute merchants
having for sale adulterated foods. His
offer was accepted, and it was decided that
a sub-committee should be present in court
during the prosecution of each case and
thereby add their moral support to the
cause of the public health.
It was also decided to mace another re
quest to the Board of Supervisors for a
hearing upon the matter of injurious adul
terations found to exist in much of the
cheaper goods imported into this State.
Jellies, for instance, cannot, it is said, be
manufactured here, in a fruit country, for
less than 8 to 10 cents, a pound, and gro
cers cannot handle them with profit for
Jess than a retail price of 12 or 13 cents a
pound.
Notwithstanding these facts jellies are
soid in certain grocery storeb in this City
to-day at 4 cents a pound. They are not
pure. They are made of various compo
sitions, and the combined associations
mean to le: the public know what brands
oi goods are adulterated and what mer
chiints are handling th« m.
Some grocers may be the innocent vic
tims of Eastern firms. They will be
warned first. Goods will be bought here
and there and analyzed.
The following special committee was
appointed to solicit the support of A. B.
Spreckels and other Supervisors: A.
Sbarboro of the Chamber of Commerce,
Board of Trade and Wine Producers, H.
Tacy of the Manufacturers' and Produc
ers' Association. ex-Sheriff Charles L.
Laumeister and Joseph G. Deming of the
Produce Exchange.
This committee will endeavor to see the
Supervisors individually and explain the
value to the City of a food-inspection ser
vice such as has been very successful in
several laree Eastern cities.
It was suggested by Mr. Kerr of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion that publicity would be one of the
best checks to the trade in adulterated
goods shipped here from the East.
"There is no valid objection to fair com
petition," he said, "from any part of the
country, but when adulterated stuff is put
upon the market, directly to the injury of
honest manufacturers and indirectly to
the prejudic- of the community — for much
of this adulteration is poisonous and must
have its effect upon weak stomachs — then
this State should object and the people
should know why. For a long while peo
ple thought the brand 'imported' meant
something extra nice, but now they are
coming to understand that California
with her numerous resources and indus
tries can produce equally good things.
They will see that at the coming fair of
home products entirely.
"If all the manufacturers and pro
ducers in California would use a common
trade mark such as has been copyrighted
by the nresent members of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association then
the people of the State might be assured
of some things upon the purity of which
they could rely, for the association re
quires the maker's name to appear with
the trademark in order lhat no imposition
may be practiced, xhen the public might
learn the benefit to the State of buying
here and keeping the money at home. I
do not speak from a personal motive for
the products of this Slate are nnmerous
and in encouraging them the prosperity of
all California is assured.
Her Children's Estate.
Catherine Ivancovich has apdiea for letters of
guardianship on the persons and estates of her
Bix children, Pauline, Kate, John, Baidassaro,
George and Eugene Ivancovich, who are heirs
of their father, John Ivancovich, who died
November 19, 1894.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Dr W Lucas.Santa Maria G L Peck, Pa
B F Flint, B_n Juan J M Simpson, Riverside
J (iarwood, Stockton H E Wray, Riverside
J i coper, St Louis D J Palmer, Vacaville
S Spellac., St. Mary's Col W Fieldhouse <fc wf, 111
U P Hall, Idaho X Bottoms, >acram'ento
R D Hatch, Novato G Hyatt & w, Stockton
M small, Cal A Graebe, Angers Camp
J N Blair, Sacramento Dr J Tozler &w, Elmlra
J A Martin, Tucson J D Bacon, Los Angeles
A Black, Los Angeles J Most &w, Little Rock
N H Lang, Cal Miss Most, Kittle Rock
T A Mills, Cooks Bar D X Sellers, Eureka
H Jackson, Cooks Ear T S Dow, Eureka
M Hayes, San Jose W E Sands, Dcs Molnes
J Johnston & w.oakland G H Clark, Sacramento
E\V Donnelly <fe w, Cal M H Krlbs. Dayton
J X Brownlie, Valiejo RII Frazii-r <fe w. Mass
C A Thompson, N V Mrs X X Thompson, N V
W T Coleman, San Jose R Wallace, Sacramento
N Falk, Arcata S L D»mpsrer, Eureka
Mrs X Leveti, Eureka Mrs McWhinny, Kureka
F H Bancroft, Denver Miss McWhinnr, Kureka
J G Brown, Ghicsgo G s McKenzle, Napa
W Bradley <kw,L Angeies R W Doss. Los Angeles
PALACE HOTEL.
J Lawler, Petaluma A M Whytlaw, El Tora
J G Whytlaw, Scotland A D Remington, N York
H J O'Bryan, Denver C C Webber, Illinois
Mrs C C Land, Syracuse Miss Land, Syracuse
X M < arr. California H B French, San Diego
J Green &w, st Louis Mrs L Wislocke, S Jose
W R Rowland, Los Ang Miss N Rowland, L Ang
L C Evans & w.Sprngfid T Aforrissev <fe w, Canada
J (ireen. St Louis M P Reynolds, Cleveland
P X Smith Jr, Palo Alto J P Neville, Portland
W T Herman, wan Jose W B Davis, San Diego
Jlrs Phillips, oston HL Middleton, B Creek
J A Lane, Chicago E Winshlp, U 8 Navy
M Keber <fe w, St Louis A Roih &t, St Louis
a G Kirn ball, Hea Bluff P R Smith &w, N Mcx
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEU
J II Shine, Sonora Mrs O Clune, Ind
Miss M Lancaster, C»l T Gibbons &w, Sonora
0 P Jackson. Cbicag> H E Anderjon&w, Stktn
C X" Weber, Stockton J Waddell, Ariz
C fotersilea <t w.LsAng F Kidd <_ w, Stockton
L S Barrett, Stockton -Mrs H McCready, Sonora
MrsU Morrison, Sonora A D Harpoul <fc fani. Or
T Mori by it w, Denver T Shottky <fe w, Ls Banos
W Mebeach&w.SnDiego W H Murdoch & fam, Or
C Splllum, Los Ang W B Westlake". N V
H A Conno:e, N V Mr< A Johns'.on. Cal
J T Cameron, Li vlngstn H Gosmer, JJerced
1 bnau, Fresno C W Garrott, Fresno
jn'EW WESTERN HOTEL.
M V alden Jr. Modesto G Bladdox, Modesto
M Rodoni, Portland C H Johnson. Oakland
H Strover, Fresno C i'ortal, San Jose
C O Weller, s-*n Joso J F Lawler <ft wf, Ohio
W H Abrahams, uhlo C P Jones A son. Tacoma
II X Armstrong, Tacoma C Whipple, Buffalo
J X Sutton, Buffalo G W brown, Ala
W J Scott, Stocleion H T Jones, San Jose
B H Man ana. Ky O T Lawless, Ky
M Mradden. Ky G E Hirsch, San Jose
J L Wilson A sn. Petalma
BALDWIN HOTEL.
B Bloom, San Salvador A S Williams, 08 N
F A Woods. Indianapolis W Harris. Inaianapolis
J A Fairchlld, Los Angs W Clark <fe w, Stockton
Miss A Clark, Stockton G H Clark, Stockton
T Clark <fe w, Portland J Grosser, N V
S W Martin, Chicago E A Cutter, Arizona
T worke. Pacific Grove Mrs Worthing, Stockton
J Clarke, Chico Miss II Scott, Valiejo
<; A .Miller, St Paul F C Morgan, Florida
H Cotton, Florida
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of theS»n Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B3O Montgomery street,
corner Cl»y ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 L»rk!n street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, ©pea
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF 311.1 11.M.>.
__3P CALIFORNIA LODGE Ntt 1, f. _T~
E^ and A. M.. will meet THIS (THURS- __&_
DAY) EVENING, August 18, at 7:3o^f_*'
o'clock. First degree. By, order of the/^^>
Master. ' FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
■KB* MISSION LODGE NO. 160. F. a
W^S^ and A. M.— Officers and members
are hereby notified to attend the funeral of j&_af
our late brother, CHARLES T. PHILLIPS, r^r\
from Masonic Temple, Oakland, TO-DAY
(THURSDAY), at 1:30 p. m.: take 12:30 boat. By
order of the W. M. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
B_S= EXCELSIOR DEGREE
Wr-^ Lodge No. 2. I. O. O. F.-Offi-^Scfe.
cers and delegates are requested to
attend special session THIS EVEN- ■^7/iwft-
ING, in Memortal Hall, to visit Yerba Buena
Lodge for the purpose of conferring first and sec-
ond degrees. A. K. -KINOSFORD, D. M.
Hf_— =» V ERBA BUKNA LODGE -\<ww;» u
_— ' No. 15, I. O. O. F.— Officers and •=t_ssi«i!§__
members are hereby notified that the : =?!§!3— s-SF
first and second degrees will be con- "~r=~.
ferred by the degree staff of Excelsior Degree
Lodge No. 2 THURSDAY EVENING, August
13. Lodge will open a*. 7:30 p. x. All members
of the order are cordially invited.
VICTOR HOFFMAN, N.G.
A, D. Cheshibk, Secretary.
bF~S= FRA NCO-A M ERICAN .^BBfe
ItSS' Lodge No. 207, I. O. (>. F. Of-^^3^i
fleers and members are requested to : ssS»!~BSjs r
attend the next meeting on THURS- >! ~W
DAY, August 13, at 8 o'clock p. m., for initiation.
Members of sister lodges are cordially invited.
A. LEON AURADOU, N. G.
R. Lavisx-. Secretary. _■-,
fljPS= CLANXA NAN GAIDHEAL . r>v,
-JS' an'Guailibh a' Cheile— The S. F. 3V, &3jl
Scottish Thistle Club meets THIS *.\kX£*
(THURSDAY) EVENING, Fraternity
Hall, 32 O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock. A full attend-
ance is requested. JOHN D. COULIE,
George W. Paterbox, Rec. Royal Chief.
r^"THE ONE HUNDRED AND _ C 7 >_
_«*' twenty-fifth anniversary of the 3V, SIU
birth of Sir Walter Scott will be
celebrated by the St. Andrew's So-
ciety FRIDAY EVENING, August 14, in
Scottish Hall. 11l Larkin st. Songs, rec-
itations, etc, from the works of -Scott will
be rendered by well-known artists. A eulogy
on Scotland's greatest novelist will be delivered
by the well-Known orator, Samuel M. Shortridge.
Admission 25 cents.
ANDREW WILKIE. President.
W. C. Cook sec—
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ESsf* DiviDEND~NOTIC J E^^DIviDEND~No".
IK^J^ 34 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and after THURSDAY,
August 20, 1896. Transfer book will close Fri-
day, August 14, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. it.
E. H. SHELDON. secretary.
MMiCIAL NOTICES.
|^ E^ECTED~FOR^?4?
— -~ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Mont?y st., room 6. Tel. , 6580.
Bpr_p DR. GAJL.VAN HAS RESUMED PRAC-
I*--^ ticeattbe Parrott ; 3d floor.rooms 895-6.
E_^p DR. Y EH REMOVED HIS OFFICE
*»>— 7 to 14 Grant aye. : residence 1703 Geary sU
situations ivant_d-___:a__.
C~ R HANSEN & coT] ITo GEARY st.!
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, plioiij? or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
RS. FENTON, REMOVED TO 420 bUTTER
sU, bet. Stockton and Powell. Ladies requiring
first-class help of all nationalities for all capacities
call or send order.
p EKMAN HOUSEGIRL: STRONG AND WILL-
VJIng: good city reference; good cook; $15 to $20.
MRS. G. NORTON, 315 Sutter st.
OMPETENT GERMAN GIRL, BEST OF
\J references, wishes situation in private family;
npstairswoik and sewing: no objections to wash-
Ing and ironing. Call 913 Valiejo, near Mason.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS situation
VJ to do cooking, washing and ironing: good ref-
erence. Call 316 Pixley, off Flllmore, near Union,
EAMSTRESS WISHES SITUATION FOR
chamberwork and sewing. Call between 10
and 4, 111 Valencia st.
■\7-OUNG GIKL, ABOUT 15, WANTS PLACE
X in a laundry, or to do light housework. Call or
address 221 Fillmore st.
V FIRST-CL.ASS COOK: UNDERSTANDS
German and American cooklLg. Call or ad-
dress 1312 Larkin St.
UESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
XV wishes situation to do cooking and light house-
work. '.67 Minna st. .
ANISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION AT
general housework or upstairs girl. Inquire
at 414 Waller st. •
YOU.Mi Wi'JIAN WISHES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call at 11 Taylor street, room 6.
MART YOUNG GIRL. FROM THE east,
would like a situation to do second work or in
a small family. Please call 237 Natoma st.
L>Y COMPETENT GIRLS, GENERAL HOUSE-
I J work or second work; wages $25 and $20. Ap-
play 216 Clara st. -
"VTEAT SWEDISH GIRL DESIRES SITUA-
-.' tlon in general housework: first-class cook;
will also do housework; good wages. Address S.
G , box 104, call.
VOt.NG FRENCH WIDOW WIsHEd BITUA-
x tion as 000k; French or German preferred.
110 Sixth st., room 10.
V RELIABLE WOMAN AS RESTAURANT
cook, or will do general housework; is good
laundress. Call 512 Fourth St., 2d floor, room 13.
OMPETENT MIDDLE - AGED WOMAN
V_/ wants a place to do housework or care for sick
lady; low wages; city. Call at 650 Mission st.,
between First and Second.
yOUXU SWISS GIRL WANTS SITUATION
■1- in a private family to do cooking and general
housework in private family. Call or address 711
Mission st.
WANTED— BY SWEDISH GIRL PLACE TO
» " do cooking or general housework. Call or
address 901 Folsom st.
ANTED— SITUATION TO WORK BY THE
day, washing or ironing and housecleanlng.
Apply 1209 steiner st.
tOOK DESIRES POSITION; $16 PER MONTH.'
I Please call at 16 oak st. ■
"VTEaT, REFINED YOUNG GIRL DESIRES
— situation, cooking and housework or second
work ; can take full charge. Apply 307 Chestnut st.
WANTED— SITUATION BY AN AMERICAN
tt woman; to do general housework: is a good
cook and laundress; no objection to a • short dis-
tance in the country. A. W., box IH, Call.
p OOD LAUNDRESS WANTS WORK IN COUN-
VJtry hotel or boarding-house: three years in one
place; American; middle-aged. Call or address
Laundress, 1231 Market - -
ECOND WORK OR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
in small family; references given. : 408 Va Na-
toma st.
pERMAN WIDOW WISHES A SITUATION
VX to do housework and plain cooking ; no wash-
Ing. 818 Vi Geary st, Saratoga court, fiat 4.
EAT RESPECTABLE GIRL DESIRES SlT-
xi uatlon to take care of Children and sew; reter-
ences. Address 2721/2 Clementina St., off Fourth.
pANADIAN GIRL WOULD DO SECOND OR
VJ general housework or care for children. Call
or address 28 Eighth st., room 39. . .
V O UN G WOM A WAN WASHING, IRON-
x ing or housework by the day, week or month.
Call 812 Jessie St., in rear.
COMPETENT GIRLS FROM THE EAST
— J would lite a place to do housework or second
work. Apply 11 Klssling su.ofl Eleventh, near
Howard.
C COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
VJ the day or week. Call or address 667 Adeline,
cor. Third st., Oakland.
POSITION WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY
X as stenographer and typewriter; salary not so
much an object as a steady place. Call or address
4331 Eighteenth st.
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS A PLACE AS
VJ housekeeper: is willing to go to country. Ad-
dress A. 8., box 14, Call Office.
I, MBROIDERY-LADY (EXPERT) WISHEri
._» to embroider initials In table-linen and hand-
kerchiefs. Address T. L., box 82, Call Office.
"I ADY WISHES POSITION AS CASHIER IN
XJ restaurant: wages reasonable. Call 771 How-
ard St., room 31. second floor, from 12 to 4.
G~IIRL WANTS POSITION* TO DO LIGHT
r housework: wages not under $15. Please call
14241^ Howard st. ; no postals. -
p ERMAN GIRL NOT . LONG Is THIS COUN-
VX try wants situation as chambermaid or light
housework. Call or address Winchester House,
Third st., room 2a
OUNG CREOLE WIDOW WITH A
X child, wishes a position as housekeeper; city
or country. Call or address 917 Market St., room
19, second floor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, is^e.
SITUATIONS "- WANTED-Continued.
P^n^SH^V^D7rVv7TA^?E~FItoId~CITY OK
Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 106 Larkin st., room 2. '■ :
\\T INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NB,
»T Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the fern.
IF IN NEED OF DRESSMAKER, CUTTER OR
X seamstress apply at WELL Dressmaking
School, 636 Market su, opp. Palace Hotel.
WEDISH GIRL FROM EAST; GOOD COOK:
wishes situation to do honsevfork or second
work; wages from $20 to $30. Call or address
C. S., 962 Clay St., Oakland.
pERMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
Vj housekeeper in city or country. „ Address 15 Vfe
Harrison aye.. S. F. - ■ >
bIXCAXIO.Nj ,\VAN'i.'— D— AIAXK.
C"^^rThaNSEiT_ Co7llO^G^A^TYlil\rFUß^
• nish haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mail us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sutter St. ; tel. Grant SO.
CIUINESK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
'help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; : best help. 414V 2 O'Farrell; iw. K. 42&
"VTINEYARDIST AND WINEMAKER OF 8
V years' experience and with excellent references
wants a situation to take charge of a vineyard.
Address E. N., 338 Bush st. ,
VI IDDLE-AGED HUNGARIAN, KNOWS
uVL French, Spanish and music, wishes any kind
of a position. Address H. M.. box 91, Call Office-
SWISS COUPLE WANT WORK ON PRI-
-0 vate place; wife good cook; man to work
about place. A. 8., box 161, Call Office.
AN HONEST, ENERGETIC !*IX-FOOTER
■£*- ' (age 33, weight 215) gentleman wishes posi-
tion as watchman for a person, bank, factories,
etc: small salary; best of references: able to fur-
nish security. S. M., box 64. this ofßce. •
pARPENTERANDALL ROUND MECHANIC
VJ handy with all kinds of tools wishes employ-
ment by the day or month; cl:y or country. Ad-
dress carpenter, box 163. Call Office. ,
LDERLY HEALTHY MAN USED TO KITCH-
XJ en work would like to have position as vegeta-
ble man or do somethine else in kitchen or else-
where for his living. Please call atbCHULTZ,
227 Minna st., bet- Third and Fourth.
TIT ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
»» man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking, wait
at table or other work; city or country. Please
address H. MILLER, 65 Second st., room 4.
JAPANESE— FIRST-CLASS COOK IN HOTEL,
O restaurant, saloon or family, or any kind of
work for store, office, drugs. Address M., box 74,
this office.
UTLER AND VALET— YOUNG IRISHMAN,
X) just arrived from the East, can furnish first-
class references, age 20 years, height 5 feet 7
Inches, wages moderate, to ootain a situation. , Ad-
dress Butler, 310 Harrison st. •■]
TEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS
a situation as porter, Dellboy or elevator man
In hotel, or will work in saloon or kitchen. Ad-
dress HARTLEY, care Grocers' Exchange, 301
Battery st. • ■
|>Y. AN EXPERT STENOGRAPHER AND I
J) typewriter and all around office man. familiar j
with law, commercial and railroad work. A. E.,
box 17, Call Office,
AN AND WIFE, GOOD COOKS, WANT
position mining, boarding-bouse or Institution.
Address M. W., box 72, Call Office.
NGINEERS— BY COMPETENT
SU man; familiar with electric lights. Address
LOUIS B. GORDON, 17 Van Ness aye.
"yOUNG BARBER WISHES A POSITION TO
X finish traae; country preferred. Third and San
Car. Os, San Jose, Cal.
ITUATION WANTED BY PROFESSIONAL
O greenhouse florist and landscape gardener:
can take ran l ot a horse and buggy and milk a cow
if required: city or country. Address Gardener,
636 Commercial st.
YOUNG MAN JUST FROM THE EAST WILL
X give violin or piano lessons in exchange tor
room in private family. Address Y. M., box 81,
Call Office.
pERMAN YOUNG MAN WASHES position
VT as janitor: handy with all kinds of tools; good
reference, (-'all or address G. S., 444 Fifth st.
THIRST-CLASS COACHMAN, SWEDE, WANTS
XJ situation; has excellent references. Address S.
C, box 115, Call Office.
POSITION WANTED BY YuUNG MAN AS
X bookkeper or clerk In store or office: salary not
so much an object as a chance to gain experi-
ence; first-class references. Address G. 8., box
148, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggaeeioand irom the ferry.
OY STEADY SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS
JJ young man as coachman: American: 35 years
old; one who thoroughly understands cafe of
horses and carriages; good careful driver; best of
references. Address AL, 409 Ninth St., Oakland.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights •in every room 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and bairsatrp to and from the ferry.
ttiuu __„!» WA>X_D.
\\?a rrßEss, /first - class COUNTRY
TT hotel, steady year round, good place, $20;
waitress, plain hotel, $20; woman with a child,
$10. MURRAY A READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 < 'lav st. .
pATHOLIC WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $25;
\J German cook, Oakland $25, Alameda $25, San
Mateo $20; 12 housework girls,, city and country,
$20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st. ■
TEAT CHAMBERMAID AND LAUNDRESS,
_» $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
IDDLE-AG ED WOMAN FOR CHAMBER-
I'X work and washing: mining town; $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WOMAN WITH 6 CHILDREN; COUNTRY;
TT $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
ATEAT, REFINED GIRL; COUNT. 1 * LIGHT
! -.> housework $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
/ 1 ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN SEAM-
"J stress and chambermaid; $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
pERMAN OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
VX cfrl: 2in family; $30. MIS-t CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. . " .-
"VTEAT, REFINED HOUSEWORK GIRL; SAN
i.i Jose: $25: see lady here. Apply early to
MISS CULLEN, 32 3 Sutter St. •
pERMAN OR FRENCH NURSE; $20. MISS
VJ CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
OOD COOK FOR GERMAN FAMILY, CITY,
references. $25: German or Swedish girl for
housework, city, light place, $20: girl for house-
work, city. $20; nurse, same place, $15: numerous
girls for housework, city and country, $12 $15
and $20. C.R.HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
EAD WAITRESS. CITY HOTEL, $25 TO
$30; 2 waitresses for country hotels, must
speak German, $2i); waitress, restaurant, city, $15
and room; waitress, hotel, city, $^0. C R
HANSEN _ CO.. 110 Geary st.
IKST-CLABS STARCH-IRONER, STK.'-M
laundry, country, $1 50 a day; shampooer for
baths, city, call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. .
ANT 1 D-5 COOKS IN AMERICAN AND
German families, $26 and $30; second girl, 3
in family, $20; nurse and sewing, $15; 4 ironers
in laundry; chambermaid and waitress, $20, and
girls for cooking and housework In city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 312 Sutter st.
WANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
chambermaid and seamstress. $26: German
girls for housework,s2s and $20; 2 French itirls for
country, $15 and $20; German girl upstairs and
sew, $20; girls for housework. LEON ANDRE
315 Stockton st. _ ...
HOUSE~KE_PEB, WIDOWER. $20. SEE
XJ. party 10 a. m.: woman and child tor country
home, see party 1 p. m. MARTEN'S, 749 Market.
AMERICAN HOUSEKEEPER; AGE 25 TO
40. Call early, Employment Office, 306 Ma-
son st. . ;
A NUMBER OF WOMEN WANTED TO CUT
fruit for canning: comfortable workroom:
fruit delivered to workers and removed: no lifting
required. Address immediately, LOS GATOS
CANNERIES. Los Gatos, CA
EAT . GERMAN GIRL : I'O DO GENERAL
i." housework and assist with children; plain
washing. Apply 123 Henry St., bet. Fourteenth
ana Fifteenth, nr. Noe. :
A DIES TO SELL FACE AND HAIR SPE-
cialties; halrdressing, beauty culture, etc '
taught; free to agents. MRS. BUTLER, 131 Post.
GIRL TO GO TO MILL VALLEY; LIGHT
housework. Apply 2209 Devlsadero st., • be-
tween 10 and Ip. M., Friday. / j
: ANTED— GOOD.-.. IRONER ON STARCH
tt work: $1 50 per day. Address Watsonville
Steam Laundry.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
-1 work in small family. 829 Guerrero St., 3to 4
Thursday. ' .-•-.: . • • . .
V\; ANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSE-
• » work and cooking. • Call, : after 9a. if., 1308
Geary su ■ :
G~~ ERMAN GIRL, HOUSEWORK. SMALL
VX family. Call 613 Fell Thursday bet. 10 and 4.
TJIXPERIENCED GIRLS TO LINE : FUR
Hi cap*<. D. HAMBURGER A CO.. 6 Sntter st.
ANTED-OIRLTO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
tt work. 700 Broderick sU, cor. Fulton. •
ANIB FINISHERS WANTED. .541 MAR-
ket st.
p IRL TO DO PLAIN COOKING AND HOUSE-
VX work: German family. 2650 Harrison st.
ANTED— LADY. TO TAKE -CHARGE OF
Tt an office. L. A., box 74, Call. : r
ATEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; WAGES $8;
IN references. 1316y 3 ' Webster St. .'
"EXPERIENCED WAITRESS FOR RESTA UR-
X- ant. 717V_ Howart St., nr. Third. ..
/■* IRL FOR HOLLISTER. CALL AFTER 9,
Vjr 1720 Sacramento st. • ; ..
LDKRLY SCHOOLTEACHER TO ASSIST
child; small wages. 3681 Twenty-fourth st. _
VOUNU GERMAN GIRL DO LIGHT HOUSE-
I X work. 10_9 V_ Valencia st. ; ;
v HELP WASTED- Continue*. ___
X IRONERS. 2 STARCHERS, 1 POLISHER.
*-» St. Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth St., near
Folsom. . v
T^XPERIENCED APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM
XJ coats. 14 McAllister St., room 69.
AN AND WIFE; WIFE "MUST UNDER-
stand French cooking, man know about
horses. ;, Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
GIRLS TO FILL POSITIONS FROM $15 TO
$25. Employment office, 306 Mason st.
EDUCATED LADY OR GENTLEMAN FOR
profitable position. Call evenings of August
13 and 14 till 9 at 478% Tenth su, room 17, Oak-
land. ' , .-,  - ■ -- .
p ERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK: COUN-
VX try town: small family; no washing; $20; see
party uere. 509 Kearny st., room 8. 1
p ERMAN GIRL, SPEAKING ENGLISH, FOR
VJ general housework. . 51 Fifth.
W A NTED-A~OERMAN GIRL FOR GENER-
»T al housework and good cook: small family;
wages $20. Call from 1 to 5 p. m 36 McAllister st.
S~ TEADY GERMAN GIRL TO DO GENERAL
0 housework; wages $15. Call 12 Eureka St.
Q~ UICK FINISHERS ON PANTS FROM $6 TO
$7: also some *3 to $4 per week: steady work
to good hands. 307 Clementina St., nr. Fourth.
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
on fruit. Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., Brannan St., between Third
and Fourth.
MEAT YOUNG GIRL; COOKING, HOUSE-
XV work; small family; Berkeley. Call room 6,
532 Market si.
TIT ANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
tt on fruit. CUTTING FRUIT- PACKING
CO., 1150 Harrison st. ;
LADIES- EXPERIENCED AGENTS; AT
once. Room 11, 737 Market st.
pOAT - FINISHERS WANTED; STEADY
\J work ; highest wages. 541 Market st.
'EST - FINISHERS WAN) ED: STEADY
work: highest wages. 541 Market sU,
C CUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES;
I $1 a week. FLYNN. 14 McAllister St.. r. 67.
AIRDRESSING, 250 AND 35c; MORNISU
and eve classes; 101es«ons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
AIR-DRESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
XX given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St., 105 9th.
EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-,
ing; $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-«
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
iTX Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $8
p»r we»k~: free 'bus and baeKnac to and from ferry.
MALE ____ WANT— D.
OTi^IE^r^\VANT_E» tB^TyT^SCREW
OV/ turner; circular sawyer, stableman, city;
3 farmers, $26; young man to learn black-
smith trade, some experience necessary, $20
and found; 2 milkers. -$22 50; 2 boys for
factory, $3 week; boy to learn tinsmith
trade, $3 week; 3 laborers, city, $20: choreman
for hotel : 5 woodchi.Dpers, 81 25 cord : 20 tie-
makers, 8c and 10c each. MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
i' COOKS, $30 TO $60: 5 WAITERS $20 AND
VJ $30; waiter, $8 week, city: Ironer. $30 and
found: 2 dishwashers. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
VIINING BLACKSMITH WHO CAN SHOE
! -»-!■ mules and sharpen and make tools for Hon-
duras, Central America; $125 a month and fare
paid: see party here. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st.
QECOND COOK FOR A FIRST-CLABS
0 restaurant, $65; pastrycook and baker, hotel,
$50 to *60; second cook, country hotel, $60;
short-order cook who can open oysters for a cafe,
country, $40; dishwasher, potwashers and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary B- '
RAILROAD LABORERS TO O NORTH; NO
office fee and reduced fare. C. R. HANSEN <t
CO., 110 Geary st. .
rpEAMSTERs FOR RAILROAD WORK:
X south; free fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
Of) GRAPE PICKERS TO START THE LAT-
'-V ter part of the month. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary st.
T>rIcKLaYERS FOR RAILROAD WORK; $4 >
-D a day and free fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st.
\\T ANTED— GOLD MINER, $2 60 PER DAY;
" 3 quicksilver miners, $2 per day: coachman ]
for gentleman's place near city, $25 and found:
coachman for city with references, $iO to $*5 and
found; blacksmith's helper, $20 and found and in-
crease; chore boy on ranch. $15 and found; man
about place, cltv, $10 to $12 and found, good
place: also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. P. EWER it CO., 626 Clay St.
ANTED — BLACKSMITH, $40, FOUND
2 carpenters. $1 a day and board; , machinist,
$2 50 a day; 4 plasterers. $2 26 day: bricklayer,
$4 day; wine-cellar man, $1 day and found: team-
ster. $1 day and found; Swiss, German or >"rench
man and wife for private family, $50; cooks, wait-
ers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento St.
WAITERS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $25. ROOM,
etc: man for private place, $12: young man
for general work in small hotel, $10, room, etc.;
young man who can paint and paper some; driver
for a wholesale wagon; helper tor carriage black-
smithing; young man to learn cooking; dishwasb-
er, $10 and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
YY' ANTED— MAN AND WIFE, PRIVATE
•T place, country, $46 to $50; French or Swiss
farmhand, $20; 2 dishwashers, $15: Indoor ser-
vant for private family. $25, and others at LEON
ANDRE'S, 315 Stockton St.
AITER, RESTAURANT, COUNTRY. $25
and room; farmer and wife, $35: man about
place, $12; 2 pitchers for threshers, 75c a day;
dishwasher, country, 816 and room. R.T. WARD
<fc CO., 608 and 810 Clay st. •
LEW GOOD PICK AND SHOVEL MEN.
,F Quarry, Corbett road, near Eighteenth st,
TV ANTEP— GOOD COBBLER. 634 PACIFIC
»» street. ,
pOATMAKERa 641 MARKET ST.
\\T ANTED — FIRST-CLASS WAITER. 307
• » Second su •
APERU ANGER WANTED. 110 CLARA,
nr. Fourth'st. // *:
YV ANTED— STRONG GERMAN BOY TO DO
tt errands. 1308 Polk st.
XPERIENCED YOUNG MAN; MILK WAG-
XJ on route; references. 632 O'Farrell, 1 to 3 p. if.
o*l OOD BARBER FOR THURSDAY AND SAT-
VX urday. 43V 3 Third st. /
IJURST-CLASS BARBER WISHES TO RENT
iX barber-shop, furnished, city Or country. ■ Ad-
dress E. L., box 88, Call Office.
P ARTS ER IN PROFITABLE BUSINESS:
X willing to travel: small capital required: line
chance lor steady man. FRAbKH, 809b Mission.
IM)R SALE — BAHBER-SHOP: 2 CHAIiS;
X good locality; good reason for selling; trial I
given. 203 Montgomery aye., cor. Pacific st.
1 RST-C LASS SOLICITOR FOR ADVERTISE-
X ments on picnic programme: liberal commis-
sion, _. KEHIt, room 4, lOtb floor, Mills build-
ing, 12 to 1 o'clock.
VVOOD BOOTBLACK. 34 FOURTH ST.
1 )RUG CLERK WANTED. ADDRESS STAT-
XJ ing qualifications and references "Apothe-
cary," box 123, Call office.
BOY TO HELP IX OFFICE AND COLLECT.
X» Address J. N.. box 61, Call Office. -
\\T ANTED— SEAMEN, SHIP CARPENTER
tt and cook. Apply 10 steuart St., upstairs.
Y/V ANTED— STEADY MAN FOR A PERMA-
» »_ nent position: will be assured $75 per month,
with an Increase if energetic; no night or Sunday
work; must have $160 cash. Apply 777 Market, r.7
"JUEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
■i.l 3d and Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
00c;week $1 to $2 60;readlng-room;strictestatten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
rpo GET A FIR ATE 1 6C MEAL FOR lOC
, A where strict civility, cleanliness and order is
maintained, try Seattle restaurant. 137 Fourth st.
"OARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
Xi ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
|-»AKBEKS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
— ' p. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
T^OUK-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE
x cheap. Apply for o. M R., 210 Grant aye.
L) ARBKR-SUOP FOR SALE-OWNER LEAV-
*J ing town. 871 Market st.
"DARBER-SHOP, 3 SIXTH ST.: ELEGANT IN
■— every respect and lease for sale. ;
UEEFS'I'KAK AND ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
*-> oc; '2 slae dishes tree. 635 Clay st. ;
$4 ■ £AMTB To" ORDER; LATEST STYLE.
<W X WERTHMAN Pants Co., 22y Geary st.
\i EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.; LADIES, 40c.;
xj, i on , while you wait. 6 3 8 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Finck's,S.F-
-1 ARGEST STOCK OF. SECOND-HAND SHOES
J~i on hand: shoes to order, #3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $5^726V 2 Howard st., bet. Third and fourth
VV i NCfcuii: >'rERHOUISE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
tt - Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading- :
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
T ' 6ome simple thin? to ■■ patent? Protect your
w^?ir,L h . ey may «ngTou wealth. : Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN ,_ >6.. ;D«pU , L, Patent Attor-
neys, Waßhln «ton, D. C, for their $IbOO prize offer
and llsi of S!00 inventions wanted.
W E ? AYE A ' LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
_ » selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off sbofs bought or exchanged. 56- Mission guy ;
■T ODOINGS, SoTO 160 PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
— 1 Continental House, 621 Pacifl . below Kearny.
.1 ° U " NJ< ;Y»IEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
*J o. it. J. B.U.A...Empliat Bureau. 102 Seventh
VV ANTJ 1 -MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 250
night: $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Kills st. c
T. KY ACME HOUSE, 957 , MARKET ST., BE-
-_-_— foraroom; 25c a night; $1 a week.;
I INDELL , HOUSE, ; SIXTH AND HOWARD
' ' sts.; single lnrnisbed run : 75c week, 160 night.
"R! KE^OVI!;D ; FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
XJ. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 5&
HELP WANTKP— Continnw^^^
AN^E_^FOR~~THE r. UNITED STATES
Marine ■ Corps, U. ■- S. • navy, able-bodied, • un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 5 feet . 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits: a able to read,
write and speak English properly;, only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to < become I citizens will be
accepted: -this important branch of the naval
service offers special ludncements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new ci uisers. - For further information apply at the
Recrui ing Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission St., near Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our mane, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. ■ ■
1 lift MEIV TO TAKE LODGING -_T 100. 15c
XVKJ and 20c anight, including ooflee and roll*
fc_4 Washington St.. near Kearny. •
EST IN CITY- -SING' E ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Lfldeadora sts.
V\/ Ji ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE , REPAIR
' ' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one- half the usual price; done while you wait.
. 662 Mission at., between First and Second sts. ■ '
"POOMS 15a TO 76c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
Xt per week. .Oriental, 225 Drum msl.
ANTED— _ABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms: 25c per nigh;: $1 to $3 per week.
\V' ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
If v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
LCHO HOUSE, »63% MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60a night; $1 to $5 week.
\\ EN" TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i' 1 all grocers keen it. .
WANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
era&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
ANTED — MEN ,TO LKARN BARBER
™" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
ratalocne sent, s. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard,
AGENTS WASTED.
"X GENTS rr~BR yAN.'sEWALLAND'FREE
— X silver; McKinley, Hobart and protection;
every voter will buy one or the other; do you want
the profit? T. PERSON, Manager Subscription
Department The Whltaker & Ray C 0.,723 Market.
:..-., ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— THREE NICELY FURNISHED
housekeeping rooms; two adults. Address
with particulars. 1628 Fell 8U
■ BOARDING WANTED. ~
p EN TLEMAjTiJESIR EB "S6 ARiTaND~ROOM
VJ in private family: San Francisco or Oakland.
Write description and price to F., 101114 Wash-
lngton st., room 4, Oakland. "■ ■
\VANT_D-MibC_L_AN_OUS.
p OOD FIRST-CLASS bIcVcLeT~SECOND
VJ band, for cash; state terms. E. F. W., box 31,
Call Office. • ; .-;.:'
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry. watches repaired. MUND, 1133V g Mission.
S" ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHINit AND JEW
el— in A. XI.XIV. li) 9 Slxt't ■».; Kgnd postal.
educational.
S"^IE^L ; C H^ND^ANTJ BUSINESS I
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
A\ RES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
OOKKPNO, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GKAMR
day _ night: noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
T>ROF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powll.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons; $3 ma MARY WESTHaUS, 39 Fifth.
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
-Lies piano,singing,French:s3mo. R. 4, lOOit Pol
R. A M RS. KOLANL'ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market St.. bpp." Mason ■
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
JJ Private theatricals arranged ; pupils rehearsed i
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt I
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture-
ftssay: estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
NGLISH, FRENCH, GERMAN. PIANO,
XJ painting, palmistry, $2 ma Studio 1422 Hyde.
PIANO LESSONS; PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIC i
Conservatory. mod.terms.J._ANGE,llo Hyde.
URBAN SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.;
U opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE, Prin.
LMA E. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
jo studio. 405 Geary, R. 17: hoursStolOp. —
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
x violin, guitar, mandolin, bacio. 1707 Market-
MUSICAL. INSTKUMJiNTs.
<_V_ft ELEGANT ' UPRIGHT.'st66I XnD
«JP-Lt:U. cover on $5 Installments. 221 Leav'th.
N ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY j
p ano business, my old quarters on ' Market <
st. are entirely too small; I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 526 Hayes su, between
Octavia and Laguna, where I can now display 1
over four times the amount of instruments than |
formerly; as I buy for cash and in carload lots j
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for . less money I
than any other music house In San Francisco. ;
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
ARGAIN— S7O, GOOD UPRIGHT. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
AIR OF FINE MARSHALL _ WENDELL
uprights, $125 each: call and see our bargains.
MAUVAIS. 769 Market st. ________
_ 1 f^A NEW BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT
<3)luU. Boston make piano. BRUENN'S, 228
Post st. -• ■- ■ .■ • :
Q, A(\ BARGAIN: NICE PIANO FOR SALE
trU. on easy Installments. 221 Leavenworth.
ANOTHER SPECIAL, INDUCEMENT FOR j
-ex purchasing from Sherman, Clay <fc Co.; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool i
and handsome cover, gold for $6 per month; only j
$6 cash payment required: every Instrument*
guaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., cor.
cum v and Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stetnway A Sons' pianos.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
ix pianos, both new and second-hand at THE I
F. W. SPENCER CO. warerooms,933MarketsU |
Wg. BaDGER, SOLE AGENT for HALLET I
; .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac'to
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ A Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fc CO.. 324 Post st -
(WHICKERING, KNABE, STKCK, VOSE. STER-
J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
TOr rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell.
YRON MAUZY, 3UB POST ST.-SOHMBU,
Newby & Evans. V, rices and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
O H. ML'LLEK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham Dines.
, HOUSES.
tIP-Ul;. in good order. Apply 38 California st.
T EiBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de«
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st..S. F.
1 r A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
IuU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surrbys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission si
rA A SET NEW. AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
iJ\J\J ness; all kinds; buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
A- .rockawnr; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia. 1
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
ttU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hor*»
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
I«r. The llvde Ranch. 630 < 'omnicrcial st-
tt'AUONS AND t/"AKIiXA«i_S.
6^"^AlL^~^HE~A?^G^6^E^Y~^ r AGON:
nearly new. ; Call at 4036 Eighteenth st.
•JIOR. SALE— NEW EXPRESS WAGON, DE-
X livery wagons and business buggies, new and
second-band: very cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
i.I dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. . (
"|/»OR SALE, AT. EASTERN PRICES, FINE
X 1 carriages of every description; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvill Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth st., S. F.
LIGUTL V SOILED DRIV:.N'G GLOVES;
samples. IT. M. HEINKMAV. 109 Sansome at.
DENTISTS.
7 : iß^oldE^D^NTATA^S^cTA^nO^77^9^Aß^
VJ ket st., bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists;
only reliable agent for paiuleas . extraction: ar Hil-
da: teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. ; ; ■
17URST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
. prices; ' first-class results; painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 6376. W. C. HAR-
DING', CM., M.D.; 500 Sutter St.. corner Powell.
1 \R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 "MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting wliei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given. ,
R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved ■■ bridge ■ work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20O*Farrellst.
T/ULL SET OF ; TEETH, , $7; WARRANTED
X five years; extraction, 50c. : fillings, 50c ;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
Dlt-L. T. 1 RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work ■ and teeth without '
plates a specialty.,. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ava. -
<_- A set for teeth:: WARRANTED Ad
<ts) i good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS.
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up. 13vearj' .
experience. B. L. WALaH. D.D.S.. 8153/4 Geary.
Drt. 1.-UCKETT, 1703 POVT ST., NEAR BU-
cn_nan; gas given; crown and bridge wort :
* LL WORK v REASONABLE AND WAR-
A-- ranted. ;■. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A J-_.ATU_ UK. _ .
O. YOUNG, 1841 Polk 81. . : . : ; ' '
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
VV ket 8_ DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ,
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate ; aye.— Open ; evenings; . Sundays till noon.
CHANCKV
Q CrT^LD^_STABIITs^ED^CORNER S A^
iJP'/«Jl/. Icon on Sansome st. doing large day
business: best class of custom: only buyers need
apply. ; WILKE, 531 California st. . --■•■.■ ■ - ; ■ '
nOrt CORNER SALOON: SURROUND-
«IP-IV/V/V/. Ed by warehouses and commission-
stores; with living-rooms; owner kept place 10
years; ra- e chance. VVILKE, 531 California st.
tjnnfi CORNER FRENCH LIQUOR-
iS)ri\J\J\J. store; established 20 years: stock on
hand worth the money: horses; wagons: living-
rooms. WILKE <fe WOLF, 531 California st.
ft99nn CORSER GROCERY AND BAR;
<Jp_j_jUV. Western Addition; doing large busl-
ness; rare chance. WILKE, 531 California «t. -
<Bt99nn SHOESTORE; CHOICEST LOCA-
«JP___jUV/. tion: large cash custom: kept by
present owner 10 years: very rare chance- inves-
tigate soon. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
<2*E>nn RESTAURANT, DOING LARGE
<pO\>\J . business: rent $27 50; Western Addi-
tion; owner kept place for years: must sacrifice;
ii vestigate at once: very rare chance. WILKE
& WOLF, 531 California st.
p REATBARGAIN IN CIGAR, stationery
VJ and laundry office. BARRETT, 1125 Market.
fflJOjlA CANDY-STORE— ICECREAM SODA
tiPOW. fountain; complete outfit for making
candy; finely fitted up: doing good business; No.
1 location; best reasons for selling; .fine place for
two ladies; candy can be made in the store; trial.
See BARRETT at 1125 Market st., cigar-stand. •
ffl£9E./» BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
rjpZJUVJ. and candy store; 4 living-rooms; low
rent; doing business of 58 to $luper day; same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.,
at cigar-stand.
CUT ~(\ FRUIT AND VEGETABLE SI ORE;
<D-L»JU. best location: receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
VTOTICE— DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR
— .' business promptly? HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
(JfAA CITY-FRONT CORNER LIQUOR SA-
tU)«JUv/. loon; doing a business of $80 per
month: cardrooms; full value: selling on account
of sickness. W. F. HEALY. 23 Kearny st.
Q* A 7; LIQUOR SALOON, MARKET ST.;
*jp~t I O. business of $18 per day; trial before
purchasing. .■> pply W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
NE- OF THE FINEST CORNER GROCERY
and bar; line of cable-cars; all fresh goods; 4
living- rooms: bar trade $12 per day. HEALY, 23
Kearny st.
C-}^fl FRUIT AND PRODUCE; ELEGANT
f^)Ot)\J. place; best location in the city; three
nice living-rooms: cheap rent; good fixtures; has
fine horse and wagon and doing a first-class busi-
ness. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market at.
mjirrj PARTNER WANTED; SALOON;
«lpl*JU. good corner location; big stock; fine
fixtures; cheap at $250: see to-day. GEO.
WART, 602 Market st.
Cjrrrv RESTAURANT AND CHOPHOUSE:
<iJP<Ji)\J. splendid business location; will sell at
a bargain; rare chance. Apply 632 Market St.,
rcom 8.
(&,|AA COFFEE SALOON, CHOPHOUSE:
«ID s\jyj. first-class location; good running order;
business speaks for Itself; must sell; disagreement
partnership; sacrifice to cash buyer. 632 Market
st., room 8.
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor ■ and well-
llehted basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBEKG, 320
Sansome st., room 39.
T/<OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST AND
X best-known liquor-stores, In' the very heart of
the city, together with a fine stock of wines,
liquors, etc; fixtures in first-class order: to those
looking for business this Is the best stand in city;
sickness the cause of sale. Address for particu-
lars K. M.. box 100, Call.
©Qfm ELEGANT ICE-CKEAM AND CoN-
<Jp«Jl/V/. fectionery store: everything new and
worth fully $1500; average business $20 a day:
rent $20; no opposition: located in fine town of
4000 people. Further particulars by addressing
I. C, box 62, this office. •
OOD PAYING BAKERY FOR SALE IN
county seat of 8000 inhabit half block
from courthouse; cheap rent: 6 living rooms:
good wagon route and store trade. For particulars
inquire in Loan office, 39 Fourth st.
(J^Q/JA SALOON NEAR SANSOME ST.:
<_>Ovv. leased $50, barber-shop included; rent
paid to September 1; net rent $27: books shown;
parents' objection reason for selling. Address
Bargain box 67. Call Office.
Ot/t r 7f\ RESTAORANT OF LARGE CAPAC-
rJptrIcJ. ity; long established: no incumbrance;
doing good business; well worth $700 cash; a rare
opportunity; investigate. H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
_ rAA PARTNER WANTED IN GENTEEL
tJpOv/U. business that will clear $200 a month;
no experience required; a chance seldom offered.
917 Market St., room 1.
~L OR SALE— STATIONERY AND VARIETY
J store; also fine confectionery and the business:
day and night school trade; fine soda fountain.
For further particulars address A. 11., box 127, Call.
CJiX^fi SALOON ON MARKET ST.; AVER-
«JpO«JU. age daily receipts $20; rent only $50;
owner must leave city on account of sickness.
Inquire in wine cellar, 541 California st.
flfc9P.ll RESTA C RANT: POSITIVELY !
<*js_.«J' '. worth $500: owner must sell at once |
on account of sicknei:s: receipts $20 per day; rent j
$22 80. D., box 139, Call Officr. j
fl_Qnn HALF OF FINE BUSINESS; 20
rI£OUU. miles from San Francisco; $75 month
and board to each guaranteed. 4081 Nineteenth
street, near Castro. ■
IjUNE OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
man in rapidly growing neighborhood; cor.
Third aye. and Clement su, with 4 rooms: Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANGERS, 101 California st.
OOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box 137, Call Office.
IP OR SALE IN SAN JOSE- WELL-PA YING
' loan office: established in 1872; present owner
retiring account of old age. Address A. GREEN-
BERG, san Jose, Cal. -,
EXTRA CHANCE FOR A GOOD GENERAL
blacksmith, where most of the rent is taken out
In work. Inquire at 706 Ivy aye., CHARLES
ALPESS. "
AT AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. COWAN BUYS
stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
_QHfk FIRST-CLASS BUTCHER-
tJpOUv/. business and location good: lease; in-
vestigate. Address W. W., pox 132, Call Office.-
I^OR BARGAINS IN RESTAU HANTS, SA-
-1 loons, cigar-stands, coalyards, grocery and bars,
etc., see UNDERWOOD & CO., 76 Market st.
RANCH BAKERY AND NOTION-STORE;
good business; 4 sunny rooms; large yard; a
bargain. 1230 Jackson St.. cor. Leavenworth.
TIT ANTED— PARTNER WITH $100 i-OR ES-
Yt tablished candy and Icecream parlor. 906
Seventh St., Market-st. station, Oakland.
ARGAIN; SALOON; BAR RECEIPTS $16
to $18 dally; rent $20: near San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California St.
OR SALE— A GOOD PAYING SALOON AND
cigar sta'd, centrally located. Inquire WICH-
MAN, LUTGEN <fc CO., 818 Clay St.
A.LOON AND LIQUOR-STORE; BUSINESS
speaks for Itself; must sell at once; will in-
voice stock. Call to-day 236 East st. "
T-^OR CHEAP: A GOOD LITTLE BUSI-
X ness in a market: no Sunday or night work;
small capital required. 110 Ellis st.
OAKLAND ROUTE ON EVENING BUI,
letin for sale; clears $95; $2000. Apply 962
Broaiway, Oakland. .'-.'. .' -
\V ANTED— LADY TO TAKE HALF INTER-
" est in boarding-house. MRS. P., box 6, Call
Office, Oakland. .
OR SALE— A BLACKSMITH SHOP, TOOLS, !
build nz and stock ; a snap. Address S., box
21, Call Office.
/GROCERY STORE, 3 ROOMS AND FIX-
VJ tures, to rent: corner Fifteenth and Noe sts. ;
low rent.
___________ _______ ____________
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE-
-1 will pay $150 per month: price $4000. Apply
this office. . .- ,': ;', ■-■ .■
p OOD-PAYING BAKERY for SALE. I>£ '
Vjr quire C SEIBT, U. S. Bakery, box 326,
Petaluma. . ■ ■ . ■ -.-.:-.
AIRY PRODUCE AND DELICACIES !
store, 4 living rooms, for sale cheap. 1008
Hyde st. ' ' .
<2_l^f_ GOOD, CHEAP DOWNTOWN BUSI-
X O I/.' ness. --. 722 Howard st.
INGLE EXPRESS RIG AND STAND FOR
0 sale. Apply grocery, Seventeenth and Dolores.
C_Onn PARTNER WANTED; IRON AND i
<fl)_-V/l/. wire works; see owner. n 1235 Mission.
A LOO N t6~let7"fixtures" forTs ale
cheap; "everything complete. 701 Battery st. j
OTKLTO KENT: FURNITURE FOR SALE, '
226 Michigan, opp.' Union Iron Works.Potrero. j
n on FUR ' interest in man- I
tjpOUUU nfacturing business. 328_ush,room 4.
G~ ROC STORE FOR SALE: SI ORE To"
let; fine location. Cor. Duncau and Guerrero. <
CIGAR, STATIONERY STOKE; GOOD LOCA- I
V tion ; rent $10. SKIFF _ CO., 921 Market st. '
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED (Gl R-
XX man preferred) by lady. R. 10, 122 Post'st.
OARTNER WITH $100 IN GOOD BUSINFSS ;
X handle own money. - P., box 72, Call Office. •
pOOD CORNER SALOON FOR HALF ITS
VJ value: owner going East. 1324 Mason st.
0 L k D -ESTABLISHED CANDY STORE AND
branch bakery for sale. 1124 Larkin st : :i •
HARNESS SHOP FOR SALE CHE APPLY
XX L. D. ;_rON _<_ CO., San Francisco, CaL :
Vu\ SALE - CHEAP; A WELL-ESTAB-
-1 lished 1 ailor-shop. Apply 1910 Polk st. ,.
L^IKST- CLASS SALOON, .FIXTURES COM-
X_plete; for sale cheap. ,- Apply 201 Ellis st. - ;
QALOON; LONG LEASETToVV^RENT — AP-
O p'y at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
FOR SALE-COFFEE- MTIT7^ND~SCALI&
X inquire 633 Birch aye., near Laguna St.;
1 \ESK ROOM, , $5 MONTH; LARGE SUNNY
XJ office. ,22% Geary st., room 37. ■
Pfini^f k IN BUTCHER-SHOP; $75 CASH.'
X 1018 Alabama st. ■-.'.---- " .' •.. > •',
; :^ TYPKWKtTiiKis. : ~
-TJEmNGToITsIbT $36: SEN D FOR SAMPLE
XV work. ., SCOTT A BANNAN, 333 Montgomery.
LODGING-HOUSES *'OR SALE.
T r ODGING-HOUSE; 72 ROOMS; GOOD LOCA-
XJ tlon: rooms nearly all rented: present owner
many years;- rent reasonable; bargain to cash
buyer: investigation solicited. 632 Market st.,
room 8. . . ■ '
0.1-BOOM HOUSE. - ■ '■ "
22" NEW FURNITURE.
_ ROOMS ALL RENTED
CLEARING $100
— I — PRICE, $1200. —
$600 BALANCE: $25 PER MONTH
NO INTEREST.
25-room corner house "..." $1400
9 rooms wearing $50 per month 300
10 rooms on Taylor, clearing $50 400
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments 600
20 rooms, corner, only 150')
14 rooms, $100 cash, balance payments 300
60 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to 5000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
I REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS PLACE&
DECKER. 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
1 CA ROOMING!- HOUSES FOR CASH AND
X O\J payments: see our houses and prices before
buying. UNDERWOOD A CO. , 765 Market st.
dTjrp-rw 11 ' ROOMS, ELEGANTLY FUR-
»]jWt)U. ntshed- wainut; north of Market; rent
$45; clears $50; cause sickness. SKIFF _ CO.,
921 Market st. '
LIST YOUR HOUSES WITH MRS. A. M.
ELKINS, 41 Eddy st. : telephone Jessie 411;
some good houses for sale now.
Oft HOUSES: $300 TO $8000. PHELPS A
O" CO., 917 Larkin st.
fl_ CAA 9- ROOM HOUSE; SUNNY 81 1)
tJr_IUl/. furniture almost new. 706 Ellis st.,
room 5 , : •
00 ROOMS; NO REASONABLE OFFER RE-
---i fused: Investigate. 1235 Market st.
UOARDING-HOUSE: 26 ROOMS; RENT $35;
X) selling account sickness. 11l Twenty-sixth
St., near Mission.
I'lili.MTlilU-: t*Jti t>AL.K.
I^ibelsa—bl -..r.-Ln.-.r.r.-u-L.- * -~~-»
■ Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets „„. $1860
Bedlounges 8 00
staves 750
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard .10
Till our new building Is ereoted these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission su. J.
NOON AN.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or goal
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
A (Ml CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $I*7
ttl/V/ stoves, $5; Darlor seta, $20: folding-beds.
$10: bed-onngew. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
t'UBNITUK— WANTED.
UCKINGHAM FURN Ti*URE CO PAYS
X> highest price for furniture, carpets, eta ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FORFUHNI-
XX ture. J. CURTIS. 1239 Market; send postal.
rpO SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERSTi;;iN,969 Howard st. ;send postal
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
• est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
TNDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' Anc Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
CAKPJBT CLKANING.
-> Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING, Sc : RUG;
VJ samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton, 19 Bth st.
pRE AT WESTERN • CARPET-BEATING
VJ works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. Q. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 TehamasU: tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 33_
Vj Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
VJ Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, m~. TeL South 250.
/CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATKO
VJ like new. FERGUSON _ CO., 23 Tenth: taL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., successors.
"1 E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN INO CO.. _4J
• ' . 14th «t. : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 71.
_______
BICYCLES.
T^D^E^MDR^Tp^Fin[_Fr?^_El_rf3Tr^96"
XJ Ben Hur, $60: Tribune, $50; Ben Hur Tan-
dem and '"96" Fowler, almost new. DAVIS
BROS., 25 Geary st.
-CYCLES AND TANDEMS BELOW COST
13 to close out stock. W. CRANE, 324 Post st.
NEW AND SECOND-HAND BICYCLES AND
xi tandems at a sacrifice; $10 up; must be sold.
119 Twenty-seventh su, nr. Guerrero; evenings
and Sundays.
FOR SALE— 1896 BIOCLE; $3oT
-T DAVID N. HA WLEY, 318 Market St.
J INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Ln-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
.1 J single wheels. 306 Post sU> .- •
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _.ET;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo*
Aliister and Powell st. car lines. _^-^
tUii SA-uH— -UjtC-S-t-jANKOUS.
ONARCH WHEEL Foil saleT'good
condition. 149 Folsom st.
RESU COW: RICH MILK; GENTLE FOR
family. 1312 Folsom st. ' :
mi q NICE LIGHT~BUGGY. 115 second
(DIO. su, upstairs.
Ip LOWER GARDEN: 3 GREENHOUSES;
X residence: water; all complete. 809 Larkln st.
T7OR SALE CHEAP— ONE 85-HORSEPOWER
P engine, boiler, shafting and pulleys. W. E. LEE,
Twenty-fourth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
0 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— i gine: good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
TJICTURE^rTmING~WITH~GLASS 7x9 1N.,"
X 10c: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c. ; 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 26c; 16x20, 30c: 18x22, 35c; 20x
24, 45c: 22x28 in., 60c. JONES, 547 Mission St.
_I An BUILDING ON LEASED LOT; SUIT-
«IP J LM». able for grocery. W. CRANE, 324 Post.
jiARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
I > ing, etc, bought and sold. 1063 Mission st. '
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER,
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 309 Cal.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington sc.
"IJOILERS,ENGINES,2D-HAND MACHINERY,
XJ waterplpes. Mclntosh <fc Wolpman, 137 Beala.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
them repaired; separate p:irts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage M'fg. Co., 442 Sixth.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
X order; 2 Adams prtg presses; power. 516 Mission
CO UNTE R S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121^ Market.beu 7th & Bth.
• K UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
I > doors, mantels, etc.. far sale. 1166 Mission. "
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
fire and bnrg'.ar proof safe. 109, 111 Market v..
I? IRE AND BURGLAR BA_-_, LETTS X-
X I press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 10- Clay.
"VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECONI>
XX hand. W. S. RA V Mf? Co, 12 California st.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TELB
-A WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
!_______ MACHINE'S.
AliTkTnds bought, sold, exchanged,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
"VTEW FAMILY SINGERS FOR RKNT, $1 50
■_■> per month: V. S. Singers. 82. 1569 Market.
-UU>IOAI_
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $_;
hours from 9 a. h. to 5 p. M. and 7 to 9 p. m.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: ■ safe and sure rellaf
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, copsnlc tha
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save tima
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Pos'. St., near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter,
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
f ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take uo other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, ''Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mail;
at druggist's. Chichester Chena. Co., Philadelphia.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express <". O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BUOS., Oakland, Cal.
IpORMKN-GREEN'S GUARANTEED CURE;
J- greatest nerve treatment known; .positive cur«
for all weakness: '■ cure guaranteed or money re-
turned; trial free. Agent, KELLY, 102 Eddy st.
URE CURE FOR ALL MALE DISEASES,
- from whatever cause; a home ie confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st. ■■ ■ ■
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN BPE-
clalty; unexcelled In restoring Irregularity or
other conditions; home in confinement: best care:
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
RS. DR. WE GEN TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female cpm plaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. ■ ■■■ -
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
. Jones. Diseases of women and children.
R-. J. A. ACHARD, ID WIFE-HOME IN"
confinement; 25 yrs' experience. 655 Mission.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI-EASE.
see MRS.DR. PUETZ and becontenU 264 V. 4th.
"PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MBS.
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth at., Alameda.HOTIBTIH TO T.FT. !
. ) . ) V' >LBOM— 7 BOOHtf AND BATH,
O-— fine order. G. U. TJMBSEX & CO., 14 '.
ilontgomery. i
AY-WINDOW HOUSE: 4 BOOMS; 212'^
JJ Ferry it., off Fourth, $12 60: water free Ap-
ply to G. H. UMBSEN i CO., 14 Montgomery st. j
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; F URN; ITU RE FOR \
sale. 720 atom a st. I
Ql9 PER MONTH, 4 ROOMS AND BASE-
O-L— nient: 4 Selina place, of! California st,
r.°;cv Hon. GEOKGa H. BUCKINGHAM.,
115 Montgomery St.
Vl (17 bush— HorsE 8 booms AND BATH; !
—X V I rent reasonable. Call 10 to 4. on premises. :
OCBK>» TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALD IN & HAiIiIOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
1 *} PAGE— HOUSE OF S ROOMS AND LARGE
1 *- stable.
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOUi-K, 3392 TWENTY - ',
t_ first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board- j
111 c or I 1"' "''' residence: '. tv lnw r»nt *<»<• It. I
VOTTA.iit£a A»> Lhl.
< x iCA OOTTAUfi O* S ROOMS. 18 PROfil '
CO- *J\r. pect jv?.. bet. Twenty-seventh and I
Twenty-eighth ots.. off Mission. >
•JAl'i ELEGANT COTTAGES, houses AND i
.IUU flats, West* T.i Addition. *13 up. SPECK 4: i
CO., i.oi Market st.
KLAX4 XO 1-i^l.
CMtMKHTIN A— NICE FLAT: 4 B
OZI $13. G. JI. VMBSKX & CO., 14 Mom- |
gomerv st. |
0~00 S43a HOWARD, NEAR FOURTH— S
•_—•). rooms ant bath. ASHTON & GAKDI- i
NER, 411 Montgomery St.
1 91 c jac kson, BET. JO N S and leav- \
l—l «J ei.-.vort:. -Modern tlat rooms and l«.h;
porcelain tub; fine view: large grounds in rear;
*-7 50.
vE. COR. PAUE AND AiYOK— NEW FLAT; 8
rooms, bath: modern; low rent 10 pood tenant.
Apply on premises.
J EIGHTEENTH —UP P H X'" A N D
' 'JO I lower: 4 and & rooms and bath; 11 and
fl3 I
ICE SUNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS. BATH; fl£
x> 3012 Tweuly-si\tb st.. cor. Florida.
Vjt'XX T KLA"T: 5 HOOMs,' BATH AND YARD.
0 12 bhotweli St., nr. Fourteenth,
&1*) LOWER FLAT: 4 SUNNY ROOMS:
04-.— . yard. 4a Shot well.
.)U BI.Hti.VrUC'E, HINCON HITL, OFK
— C Harrison si., between First and Second— Half
of sunny house; fireplace* in parsons : view of bay.
» 1 D ELEGANT MODERN STJ3TEY FLATS;
t, CA O. grooms, bath. 136 Han Jose aye,, nr. 24th.
CHOI SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS: 1
bath: Park view. 1314,1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
000 XA NICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 6
•.— — •«-»'-'• Urge room*; baihj water. 1134
Howard at.
j.;(illuVK. NEAR FILLMORE-LOWER
O"a— flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pared; bath; baatm#nt; yard: $25.
EOWEH FLAT 4 ROOMS, BATH. YARD. 25
1 J Lapldge st , bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
LATB TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
Ir<LAT; 6 KOOMS: BATH: GOOD MARINE
T view. 2106 Leavenworth, jt., bet. Filbert an 4
Ureenwich.
Cji v WATER FREE; LOVELY UPPE«
C 1 ■» '-'• modern aunny 5- room flat; 100 feet from
taa ro cars. 4073 Twenty-third si.; key 4075.
> > UUA.NT NKU FLA I>. i»j-. VENTJi SI.. BE-
> :w Hrv»n;. 5 tiil « ronrrn. rmli: $* If) flB. I
LuLstKhtPLMj JiOO.lis.
i-uuy Jssree..
Q-J 7 EDDY-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.NICE-
•II • ly furnished: splendid loca ioa: private
family. '
Eighth Street.
■1 no ElGHTH— fur'ni>hed HOUSEKEEP-
JLV'O ing sunny bearoom and kitchen.
Kill* Street.
I7f\fi EU.K-SL' PARLOR FLOOR; 3
,% \J\J rooms: nicely furuisned; also single.
Killinore Street. .
»}or.Ql FILLMORE. NEAR CLAY— 2 FUR-
-•UO3 nished rooms, $10; 3 unfurnished, $10,
i olsoin Stree..
1 FOLSOM— FIUMSHED ROOM. SCIT-
J.«JV'O able for man aud wire; privilege of.
kitchen.
Fourth street.
JOT FOUR 1 H- FURNISHED ROOMS C0M-
"~l O I p:ete for housekeeping; private:
OnO GOLDEN" GATE AYE. — LARGE SUNNY
O\Jij housekeeping roam, $10: small room, *5.
tiuHanl Mresl.
C QCI HOW A BD— FURNISHED HOUSE-
•'OU'i keepins rooms, $8: sunny double, $6;
siiiclt:, $4 and 5.
1 HOWARi» sT.-si'Nii\ khusi flr-
J ( >O\J mghed housekeeping rooms; double and
Binc!e.
1 fii\K H " D— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
J.UUU complete tor housekeeping.
1 HOWAUD. COil. JrOLRI EE^TH— 3
J. OvJIJ or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms: **.
Market stree .
) 90Qn M A B K ET —XL E G ANTL\ FUR-
_''•''' uistied suite; bath; gas stove; kitchen;
»17. ] I
UcAtIISMT >irei»t.
79Q1 MCALLISTER — FRONT AND BACK
i wya par. 01 (or hpujekeepiag; private
. . .1 hh \ et> .
C A t* MINNA— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
<J'IU pii-te for housekeeping: large yard.
... is»ion ...in..
m-7 MISSION — NEWLY RENOVATED
PI —4- i sunny front suite for housekeeping.
Moss street.
•1 O MOSS OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH— 3
1 O furnisbed rporos lor housekecplu;.
>atoma Street.
0A 1 NATOMA, BET. HIRD AND FOURTH-
-11 Nlctlv furnished single and housekeeping
rooms from 91 up.
QjJ/1 NAIOMA, NEAR 4TH-8 FURNISHED
_' j. housekeeping rooms; very cobvcbl. nu
New Mositgoinery street.
lACirpW MONTGOMERY - NEWLY PA-
XVO pered from housekeeping very cheap.
Isiucu Mreli.
C\-\ NINTH — FURNISHED FRONT BAY-
— J window room: Hah housekeeping: aso single.
~ Norfolk Street.
•rQ NORFOLK, OFF HARRISON, NEAR
•)— Eleventh — sunny separate building of bed- !
ronm anJ kitchen: furnished for housekeeping;
running water: yard; call upstairs.
ferry Street.
1 AC* PERRY, BET/THIRD AND FOURTH-*
I'll) cicely furnished toasekeepiflg rooms; rea-
I . son able.
Point Leb»i Avenue.
Ol 1 Q POINT LOBOS AVK.— TWO SUNNY
_1 1 front rooms famished for housekeeping;
go single. |
Post M red's.
—AO POST— SUNNY FHDNT ROOMS;
D'J+, light houMkeeptng. __^
fi^in ,Sreo;.
1 OH SIXTH— SUNNY FRONT BOOMS FOB |
IZU housekeeping: also giHgle. ■
1 in SIXTH, (.OR. HOWARD— FURNISHED
Hp or unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
rent cheap. • '
South Park.
If\ SOUTH PARK — FUF.?»-I=HED ROOMS
J.U for housekeeping; gun all day.
~ Stockton Place.
riOUE AND FIVE PURNISHKD HOUSE-
x keeping room*: separate yards, lft, Apply 25
Stockton Place, off Stockton near butter.
'1 el»am»j>treet.
i 7 TEH AM FURNISHED HOTJSEKEEK-
*I 1 log rooms and bath, $13. ' *." . !
A£>+ TEHAMA - LAKGR SUNNY FRONT
"ilO room and kitchen: complete for house.-pg.
" ~\ v.v .ie»ii Avuiiiin.
000 VAN NKSSAVE., COR. GROVE-
— tiJL ly furnished apartments for housekeeping;
'£ or 3 rooms. . -
Miscellaneous.
<) OP. 3 ROOMS FOR HO. SKKEEFING NEAR
A, U, bpxB'J, :
«» SUNNY BAY-WINDOW R -OMS; BATH;
•> bate ■ -ii Hey at 19 Hampton place, off Foi- ;
R'lru St.. bjet Second and Third., -
i'Ul'»lClAJfS.^ j
rTcTc: "o-box makket, cor. |
i-J Gold- 11 a ye. : d lseases of women » specialty. ,
I iUN'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
U his museum. 1051 MarKet st-: his 30 years
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
Utfe worst caigtd irefctwi satisfactorily t»y mall. ■ ■
(^ "~STOBA(iK. ,
XlTOßAfii^^i^P^ii^l^TH^i'rY . FIRE-
O proof building; advances made, 211 Larkln.
J^UKNtTURK PIANOS, TRUNK-; Af>
J vnnces. shipping. CHAd L. T* YLOK.2O4 Post.
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. IS*J ELLI. 1 *;
--*V. low rates; fire-prow buUdlnxi Eastern pi»&, i
KOOMS TO LET.
Eddy Place.
9Q EDDY-NICK FRONT SUIT. $15: SUNNY
±-O single rooms: light housekeeping: cheap. : :
■ ki.ih strut.,
OHEKMA* APAKTJIE.NT HOUSE. 5« BTH
t.J s;.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
i-ili«i Street.
'THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE
-I- hAHT manager— A cniet bou*«: rentr«iUy lo-
cated; newly furnisbed; elevator: not&cttid wa>r.
9] A ELUs-2 ELEGANT" FRONT SUNNY
~-»-^x suites; also 2 rooms for housekeeping.
00l ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— tUX BEST
O-- 1 lodging we recommend the ttose<lale House.
\}*)\ ELLIS- HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
O~*J parlor suite first floor: housekeeping rooms.
OOA ELLIS-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
tJO\J single room. 1
% fifteenth Street.
991 7 FIFTEENTH— S ROOMS AND BATH:
—** -I *. will room for rent.
tui.inn »tree;.
ftjOA FOLSOM-BKIGHT SUNNY ROOMS,
\J*%£. 1 arnUhed or unfurtilahed; cheap.
v ». — »ir .- re-..
0171 GEARY-3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
— X 12 rooms; key 217.
XI w GKAhY — SUNNY FR NT PARLOR
OXO bedroom suites and single housekeeping;
cheap.
OA I GEARY—NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
CVfi ny rooms; central; reasonable; new cor-
nerflaL
Guerrero Street.
C GUERRERO ST.. OFF MARKET— UNFUR-
tJ nished gunny front room, with alcove: cheap.
iiuwurd street.
Ivy Avenue.
OAQ IVY AVK... NEAR FRANKLIN ST.—
>)\J'l Nice furnished front room; grate; Germau
family: »5.
Jones Street.
9fiT .'»NK«-THi. VAN wrmctM: NF.W
— '' I oianacement: rleeani tunny suites »nj
llDKtv: newly turni^hof' : li»ih. rtc.: $10 to **L
on 1 JONES - ELEGANTLY KUiiNISHED
•)U L suduv rooms: hot and cold water; private
family. •
. t.-mv MW«..
OH KEARNY-FURNI>HKf) CONNECTING
OU rooms. sui'able- for gentlemeq; electric
lights: tourists ■Pllfrjtsrfl
. t.l-iNf; l'n.N HOUSE, 327 KEARNY —
J\ Pltiaaant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
i-urKiu >.reo..
Aijf\ LARKIN, BE. CO R.TURK-FURNISHED
"i— U front room. $7: fireplace.
Lewis Street.
1 O LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NKAR POST— 4
JO unfurnished rooms; $16; water free.
.1 — 1 K«- * .10
Qr.f\ MARKET. COX. STOCKTON— SICKLY
OOU furnished front sunny rooun tor offices,
1 HOT >'A~RK tTf— ELK. AN 1 FRONT SUITK,
JLUU I suitable doctor; newly furnished, single;
transient.
\Or-KMIT: JtOl">K. 104J .MAHKKT - rb.U
1 nielit. SSc to $1 : week. $1 50 10 $•■ families.
rriHE CHESTER, 1049 a MARKET — UNDER
X n*w ruanagemeut: firat-class is every re-
spect; gas. running water, elevator service; ele-
Lauily furnished suites and single rooms; also
offices by day, week or month: reasonable; 3 miß-
u:es 10 City Hall: cars to all point* of the city.
Mason Street. SSWSi
OnC* MASON, NEAR GEARY— CALL AND
*)-- U see an elegant sunny suite; bath; rent
reasonable.
McAllister Street. -
990 1 MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL—
—^-U-> Furnished at.d unfurnished rooms, en
suite or single, suitable for offices.
Minna Street.
(MM MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UO I nished bay-uladow rooms: $1 per week.
Mint Avenue.
C\i MINT AYE.. OFF FIFTH. NR. MARKET— !
—T" Rent reduced; furnished sunny bay-window
rooms, single or en suite; other roams $1 60 wk.
JilM.,oll Mrou..
Q-I C MISSION-FURNI>HF.D SUNNY ROOMS
Oil) suitable for 1 or 2 persons, $1 25 up.
Naiom -. Street.
I7f\l NATOMA. COH. EIGHTH — FUR-
I\JX nished er unfurnished room* to let.
fine street.
O-\ 1 PINE ST., NEAR STOCKTON-SINGLE
Ull rooms 34 ana $5 per mo.; private family.
1 oik btree;.
1 990 p °LK-3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
i.— — U rooms: rent reasonable.
San Carlos Avenue.
99£ SAN CARLOS AYE.— 6 ROOMS AND
—— U bath; water included; §20.
Sansorqe street.
Ql n SANSOMB— NICE SUNNY ROOMS.
OID newly furnished, $3 monthly and upward;
housekeeping rooms.
Stevenson (street.
CO-OPERATIVK HOUSE, B£9 STEVENSOX-
\J Rooms clean and cheap; reauing-room.
. t..ier 1 ree..
'AA SUTTHR. . COR. POWELL — LABGE :
O\J\J sunny front suite, furr.iahfd or unfurnished.
TfiQ UTTER, COR.TAYLQK^fcLEGANTLY
i \JO newly furnished sunny rms.; suite or single.
Taylor Street.
I Art TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
IUJ double room bath and closet; $2 a week.
'lurk Street.
rnji TURK— NEATLY FURNISHED 6UX-
• )^_"Tl 2 ny front, suitable for 1 or 2; private
family. . ' j
■ sneous.
ROOM AND HOU>E-RKNTING AGENCY;
XV no fee for registering. Easier bi building,
22Vs Geary St., room 37.
UN NY SUITK AT THK WINDEMEKE.
cor Bush and Van Ness aye., '.' or 8 room*; bath
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
JtX. WEEKLY CALL, in wraDoer. for mailine.
IiOAKDI.M. AM» KOUJIs,
Q?JH < VA3rifE^*B*AV ii X S fit AB I- - V NN Y
OUO rooms; first-class table board; reasonable.
9 POST — FURNISHED ROOM "wYt"h
I I— . boarJ, 20: suitable for '2 young men.
"CjTj ROOM AND BOARD FOR LADY. 1537
O -L ~l . Fifteenth si-, bet, tiowarq and Capp.
Ql 4 4 FOLK-EXCELLENT" TABLE BOARD
VI ') for 1 tir '£ nin«le gentemen; small. sunny
rooms; 1 a:h, etc.; $25; private family,
/IOQ OEARY-ELSiGANT OF PAR-
-IOU lor*, with firiit-class board. " •" '
A] 9 EUDY —•£ LARGE SUNNY BOOMS
t:1 with board; $45 for couple.
Ul^-l. iULKIIUSU? 11* I.U&U-A FAMILY
hotel: references given tuid required: »di ruoJ-
i»xpniv4 *n> LET.
TTmE^ro^LK^TwrTirSltoo^is^N^BA^
128' i Folsom, bet. Eiguth and Ninth.
V"E. I OR. UROVE AND POLK— "TORE AND
-»-' H rooms: fixtures, etc.; good stand for grocer.
Apply to G. H. UMBbENdtCO., 14 Montgomery St.
TUBE AND 3 LIVINt -ROOMS, PAGE
O St.: ren. lo\r. • ppl v 1335 Pace St.
OFFICES 10 LKf.
T^E^i^BTS^FFICES^MAY BE^HaFIv
Jl/ applying at 860 Market «t. at most reasonable
rales; prnfastional and business men whe coatPm-
plaie making a change from their Diesont location
can be suited by applying at room 19, 850 Market.
TO LET — DOCTOR* OFFICE WKLtr
knewa and good practice, lpQ7 Stockton it.
TORE WiTH 2 LIVINOUOOJAOS 452
Halght St., corner of Flilmore.
SPRF.CKELa BUrLDJNU. 927 MARKKT-
-0 Elegant s'>rinv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and }i»nltor service free. Apply it buildiaz
era. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 ?»ontcom»>rv ■<:.
LOST,
TOS T — L ADY' GOLD BRroCnPIN;
J -i carved wreath, leaves get with p arls: on but-
ter, or qtro cars. Suitable reward if returned
toJ. DALZELL BROWN. 441 California st.
I OsT— PA- K.AGK OF PAPKKS P.KLONfiING
\j to the undersigned. A liberal reward will be
paid for the return of the same to J. J. RaUEK,
124 han.some st. ■ .
ONE B KINDLE AND WHITE GREYHOUND
dog; one white greyhound bitch. Return to
458 Stevenson at.; reward.
T~OST-UOLD "EYEGLASSES, WITH CHAIN,
\J rom Eighth, .MarKei, Ninth and Teuth
Return to 128 Tenth St.: liberal reward. •
Or-T-A GOLD-HEADED STICK OS KEAR-
J ny street, near Busb. on Saturday night; re-
ward given. Apply at 336 a Busb st.
•I OST-LADY'S GOLD WATCH AND FOB;
J J name inside. Return hm office: reward.
~~" FOU.ND. ~ ~~~~
6u"j»b^olT^rw^V^'-KIFTir*ST., RING
with Initials M. and 11. Call 1236 Aaiabama st.
ADY 7 SGOLI>-KILLEDCA>E WATCH; OWN-
J er can have game by proving property and
paying expenses. 428 Kearny st.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
FERSONAT-H.
M^ ORRIS BERRyT^FOKMERI/Y FOREMAS
Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone Into busi-
ness wiih H. RIFLBIND, and opened a complete
establishment at 14 McAllister s:., rooms 45 and
46: ladies', misses' and children's cloaks to order;
fit guaranteed; low prices- ■ ■ ■ -
MARRIED LADIES— 1 HAVE A SECRET
which oost me $10, which I will urn 1 for 80
cents: failure impossible. MRS. L. THAYEK,
Napa, Cal. "
I ADV IN RKDUCED IIRCCMSTANCES
J j must sell some old ana rare >eyres ware. Ad-
dress Immeolate, box 4J, Call Office. -• >•.
T>AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, SALE:
Jl also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest ratei.
I t.EO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth gt.. Oakland. Cal.
a IUE ONLY HOUSE ON EARTH.
1 LINCOLN BROS., CASH GROCERS.
226 Sixth i-t.. middle Of the block.
Salmon trout sc, eggs 10c dozen, butler 25c roll,
picnic hams 6c lb, breads JOp can, milk 3
cans 25c cheese 10c Ib. Eastern hams 9c ft. good
coffee 25c ft>, good mixed tea 25c lb, flour 75c sack.
LINCOLN BROS.. 228 Sixth BU
VIRS. THOMPSON: CHIROPODIST, 101 Vi
ill Grant aye., room 10.
at THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR medical
*'v Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write- 10'29Va Market si.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-£*■ ciaity; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market St.
BELLA— HAVE BEEN USING "QUIN-
x\- ONIA" Hair Tonic for my s:alp and hive had
no trouble; Mr. Lederer (111 Stockton St.). my
halr-dresser, sells it for 35c a bottle; he dresses
your hair just too lovely for 25c. MAKEi.LK.
TJAGQAGE HELD FOR UNPAID BILLS AT
Xj the Lapliam House, 506 Jones st-, will be sold
at auction on Tuesday, September 1, 1896.
OLLISTER STABLES, SAN JOSE, RUN
XI stage to Mt. Hamilton at any time, but be sure
and gel In your orders for August 26, Centennial
anniversay; tel 897. JoHN LEFFLEH, propri-
etor, 280 South I-'irit st
1 AhA BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED *1 50;
IVvU show cards, etc. HILL, 22V2 Geary st.
LADY, STRANGER is C'JT V, DESIRES GEN-
tleman partner. 122 Post St.. room 2
IVOKCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
DIVUKCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
ri»ge by United States Divorce Bureau; legal
everywhere. Add. P. O. box 2438, S. F., Cat
\1 RS. "pi-:. WALLACF, HAS MOVED FROM
iVI 20^ Stockton to 15^ Turk, rma. 14 and 15.
HUSBAND AND WIFE LAWS. KXPEKl-
enced Lawyer, 1027 Market, above Slxth,rm.6
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, gears, etc., removed by
Elite Electralysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL. FULL
X course six weeks; competent graduates guaran-
teed positions; class forming. 8 Golden Gate aye.
WATCH* JEWELItY REPAIRING. BTONK
• » engraving, monoierams,cresu:!owprices;worlc
guaranteed. J, N. BRITTaI.n, 20Geary st.
■pAZOK-FIXING OUR "SPECIALTY:"" PINE
edge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchse,63oMarket
VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
» manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
"\\T" OMEN'S ELKCTRIC SANITARIUM,
«' rooms 53 Maze building— New and scientific
method* for promoting heal.h, beauty. Con. free.
PARTINGTON SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
cia*se«; Instructors, J. H. E. Partineton, Uer:rude
Partington, R. L. I'artington. Particulars 424 Pine.
KS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
Cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
pnrf st toilet articles. 1*26 Kearny St., room 47.
V)IG OUTDOOR STKKEOPTICON SHOW r.VE-
X* ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis. ; artistic ai-
vertlsements in living light; promoters of bait- .
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
x\i Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUITS TO OKDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
C? guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorine Company. l ll7 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
"1 IBKKAI, ADVANCES ON DIAMOND^, JiiW-
XJ f lry. etc. : lowes: rate*. »48 Market st.
f\L.D GOLD. SILVER. HENTS 1 AND LADIE*
V^ clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 *1. cor. Je^lo.
DUtSSMAktKS.
DRESSE-* $3 UP: WKAPfEBS iib OEN IS UP:
lawn $1 on. 50534 Natnma St. above
LLAIia OVANTS.
PKOF. M. L. CAKNELLE, clairvoyant
-1- and business medium, gives advice on business
speculations Investiiit ir;s:raricc. love, settles
lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and causes
a speedy aod happy niarnsse ith the one of your
choice; the earth reveals to him the treasure hid-
den in her bo-oru: he locates mines, interprets
dreams, tells of your friends and enemies, removes
evil influences and ceils you where to go 10 be suc-
cessful: send stamp/ for circular. 220 Eddy St.:
hours from 9 to 9.
iiANA THE GYPSY. " ~ "
This remarkable woman has lust arrived fmm
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, • love,
courtship, matrimony, gne reunite, tbe separated;
causes speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your enoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turk su
"WMk. rOK'lhR, WONDERFUL CLAIRVoY-
iVL ant, card- reader, born with a don Die veil an I
gecond sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry anil
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. l'J6 Turk s:.. nr. Jonev
ilJt. AKNDI' Bfc.Si' t-OUTUNK TKLLKR IS
the world: 50c and $1. shows plrtur* of # "'ir
future husband or -Mre. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
pROFESSOR WILLIAM TELLS PAST, PttES-
X ent a d future ; gives nam»s and answers writ-
ten questions; 50c and upward. l l33 Turk St.
\Tm"eT liTt. CLAIIiVOYANT, TELI.S
i'l past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes By mail: low urices. 85b .»lls-tior st.
Milt. MIJI'.KAL'. K:.M -Mk.iJ.LJU; KtVtA.,l
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice; r.ume-i ven ;'Jsc up. 5 Founh.
f\ YPSY LIFE-READKK, RKMOVED FROM 8
VJ seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c; Rents 50c
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yrs Kearny, now 9-9 Post; fee $1 : letter $£
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: ladies, 25c; gents. 60c. 914 O'FarrelL
ISS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 105 Larkln si., ro.>m 2.
LAIKVOYAST: LADIES ONLY: FEE 25C.
V^ 41 Minna a; .. basement, . ..
Jii'ilil 4 I IS Ji.
"*_ VERITABLE AMONU "wpMKK IS
SIRS. PR. A. V. HOWE.
FF.E $1 * UPWARD! FEE $1 it UPWARD'
HOPE. HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FQH ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that nowncw,
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lite Is yet worth living
MH». DR. A. D. HOWE, who has h«lp<«rgo many
thousands on this roam In the ten years pa:«t, I*
again at her old office*, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is row as ready as ever to assUc
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: ins
separated are united; the sick made strong : the.
poor b come rich; if you think your husband, wlfa
or lover is untru* consult her at once. Her t rai-
st endent power is as tar above those poor inor;«U
who try- 10 imitate ncr as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoe*
not know what failure meats! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) curs
every disease that human flesh is heir to. an.l pa
matter ef how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most am-'
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair,
FEE «1 & UPWARD! FEi- $1 A UPWARD!
lilts, i)R. a. D. Howe,
- - IS-'O Market at., opp. Seventh.
San Francisco.
I ECTURK, CHARACTER DELINEATIONS
Xj and tests by Dr. Ravlin, assisted by Dr. Tem-
pileandMrs. Meyer, this evening at Friendship
Hall, 826 McAlluter st ? , F
\|RS. Isa juliek. materializing ME-
!»• dium; seances Monday, Wednesday and Fri-
day evenings. 109 Taylor st.
. isaop GARP.ISO , 1370 MAItKr.T- SEAN-
ces > ces Tuesday, Friday eyen's, 25r; 10 to 4 daily.
A DDIE SWAIN'S LKOrUIIE, -POLITICS,"
-TV at Wash. Hall, 35 Eddy St.. to-night; Mists.
\f s - KATE HOSKI.NS, TRANCE MEDIUM;
-I'i. glttlngggl; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oa*, .
rpEST CIRCLE TOOT IG HT, 1 QcTm H E. YOUNG".
X 605 McAlllater: telephone. Jesjle, 1105.
"\i iss MEDA ha skins; TEST CIRCLE to-
■m night; 25c. 136uak»t.
I Irt-HEADIXUSBV Rt-V, MR. HOWLAND;
I - $1. 1 Fifth st.. parlor 1. '
- AsTIJOLOOV.
4 BTKAI. BEER— PKOF. HOLMES, rEDayTRT
XX 6 and 7; horoscopes, questions, advice, corre-
spondence.
STKOLOGY ANDMKDICINK NATIVITIES
or questions answereat Prof. Howan's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde St., 10 to 8.
ATTOKSEYS-AT-LAW!
\'OAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 536 PARBOTT
XI building; consuliatioiia free; moderate fees.
A DVICE FRKE—PIVORCE LA WsJ A SPEC".
XV ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
lew suits, claims, collection* wills, deeds, etc at-
tended to. v. W.iluWK. att'y-at-lawr. b5O Market.
LEGAL BUSINE-S TRAXSACTKD WITH"-
-1 out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
O. JKFJf'RKtJM, 402 Montgomery st.. room IS.
ADVICK FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS 6UC-
c«s6ful. W. W. DaVl)>*ON, 927 Market St.
\\r y. ARAM. ATT'Y-Ai LAW, 581 j?AttJtOT*
»' .bldg. Practices in all courts ;chsrges moderate
RW. KING, A Y-AT- LAW~CHRo¥
. Id** old?: «ilv<e fr^e: rnorier»ti»; open evngs.
TO LfcASfc.
■j^OR RKNT OK I.KASK-aOVA "BALLOT 6l£
X cor. Polk and Jackson sis.: lent 950 per
month. Address J. S . 427 Sansome at., 8. V.
STOCKS WASTED. "~
\\T ANTED— CORNER STORK WITH ROOMS
*» suitable for grocery; or will buy business If
I reasonable. Address H. 11.. box IUS CalL
city real jest ate . .
A UCTION SALE
of REAL ESTATE,
12 o'clock noon, at salesroom OF
O'FABBF.LL a CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY BT., LICK house block.
. , THURSDAY, august 20, 1896.
trustees' Bale-centrally located
BUSINESS property.
fourth St.. nr. Fo'.som; 4-story frame building,
containing 2 stores »nd lodging-house of H6 rooms
above; 305, 307 and 30d 4th si.; brick founda-
tion; rents 8170 per month;- street paved and ac-
cepted by the city; new electric-car line passes the
property; lot 40x57:6: terms cash.
STOCKTON-ST. CORNER.
Southeasterly corner of Stocicton. and clay sts. :
3-story frame .. building, contain xii stores and
dwellings above: rented for 140 per month: Xos.
841, fc4B, 845 and B*7 Clay st. and 814 and 816
Stockton St.; s.ree:s pavea and accepted; lot
59:8x68:9; terms cash.
EAST SIDE OF STOCKTON ST., NEAR CLAY.
808 and 810 Stockton st.: 1-story building,' con-
taining 2 stores; r*-ut $45: sireeis pavea and ac-
cepted by the city; lot 55:10x68:9.
OAK-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
Two lots S. side of Oak si., 187:6 feet W. of Devls-
adaro; street paved and accepted; size 25x137.6
each way; terms cash.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE -COZY MISSION-
HOME.
Guerrero St., W. side. 129 feet N. of 19th St., 624
Guerrero St.; cottage of 5 rooms and bath and
basement: brick foundation; rent *25; street
paved and accepted by th- city: lot 40:6x100;
terms cash, subject to confirmation of Superior
Court. •
ALSO, BY ORDER OF SAME, ELEGANT
BUILDING LOT.
i- air Oaks st.. east side, 61 feet north of 22d;
street graded, gawertd and macadamized: 22tt-st,
branch of .vi i?sion-st. elec ric-cars a few steps from
lot: size H6x117:6 to rear stree 1 1 terms cash; sub-
ject 10 continuation of superior Court.
CENTRALLY LOCATED INVESTMENT.
Lot ami Improvements: 5 and 7 Alice St.. east
side, off Folau'n, between 3d and 4th: front and
rear house. ; tota'. income $48 per month: will be
sold as a whole, 40x57 :6, or two equal subdivisions
01 20x57:(i each: terms cash
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Fine lot east side of Noe st-, 101 feet south of
18 h: graded, sewered and macadamized: a few
steps from l&lh si. ; sue 25x105; luring cash.
CENTRALLY LOCATED INCOME PROP-
ERTY.
Sold to close out undivided interests; Tavlor st.,
east line, 97:6 leet north of Uear> ; lot 20x57:b;
3-story, b<iy-wiudow frame (in first-class condi-
tion), containing 16 rooms and baths; running
water with marble waslMtands in every room;
present rent *75 per month; first-class tenant;
brick foundation; s.one sidewalk; street accepted;
known as 510 Taylor si.
SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Clementina st,. N. line, bet. 3d and 4ih: 150 feet
K. of 4th st.: 01 25x80; known as .64 lemeiittiia
at.; rent $40 per mo.ith; street paved and ac-
cepted; few steps from 3d and 4th st, electric cars;
terms casu. subject to continuation of superior
Court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S PALE.
Mission st., near 6th: Miss'on St., S. side, 175
feet E. of 6th ; 951 and t>63 Mission st- ; 4 houses
of 12 and 10 rooms: rents fti3; tenants pay w.ier.
streets paved and accepted by the city; terms
cash, suDject to confirmatlou of Superior Court. ■
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS— FACING THE
PAKK.
2 lots 8. side of Oak St., 73 feel E. of Asbburv
St., 25x137:6 each, and 2 lots on S. line of oak
St.. loti: i feet B. of shrader, 25x137:6 feet each.
To be sold in 2 or 4 subdivisions.
For further particulars apply to
O'FAKUELL & Co., Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
Q- MINUTES FKOM &AN FKANCISUO;
OiJ Fruitvale Terminal Tract: lots |1M). THE
McCABTUY Co.. »i 46 Market st., a. F. ; D.
PKATI", Fruitvale station.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our installments are eas er than rent.
Ci 1 A A TO »250-LOTS CAN BK BUILT ON.
tjpj.""" at once: near Mission ana San Mateo
Electric Car lines; only <5 monihiv peyments.
• - SOt U* 17 4 BRoTHKR.
C; 7 X I O »12J0-BEST I 1 \TKD.UTnNEAR
y)li) electric lines, north and south of park:
beautiful view of pork, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated Colleges;
¥5 aud 910 monthly payments-
, SOL GEfZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOu GETZ <fc BROTH F.R, Owners,
' l;oom A, First Floor, Crocker BulUing.
Gq to-day
o TO-DAY '
GO To-day *
AND SEE THESE LOTa
Not a week passes without a number of sales
being made In the Castro-st. addition: a number
of pretty nomts are being erected. If you set the
property you will say that (hey are the cheapest in
the City.
PRICES $350 TOS4QO.-33*™
TERMS, to CAtoH, (5 MONTHLY. ..JQH
stieets graded, sewered and macadamized.
1 n the line of an electric road: line view: good
climate: take the Mis-ion or Valencia st. cars,
transfer at 14th to electric road and ride to Chen-
ery and Castro sts.: agent on the -roun.i aally,
at 3207 V'-d St., corner Mls»ion; evenings after
7:30 o'clock.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
RARE OPPORTUNI , V TO SECURE A
choice cottage in the Western Addition: «4200:
$501) down, b 'lance $ 5 per month, will secure an
elaborate T-room college on Golden Gate aye.. bet.
Baiter and Lyon 9ts. ; lot i5j137:6; ne.-riy com-
pleted. TOfclN & McVALLY. S3O Mar.et st.
i.Esr BU&INKS-i CORNEK ON THE SAN
< ' Leandro road and main street to Fitchbur?
station; size 100x100; cheap at $20 per front
foot,
TJ ESIDENCE CORN ErT IOOrIOO, 2 BLOCKS
-TV from the san Leandro road; streets graded
and trave.ed; \ rice $500.
OUSINE-S CORNER AT FITCHBURG STA-
i-> tion; frontage to suit at $16 per front foot.
ONE KXTIRF. BLOCK, 2C0x600: WILL PUB-
■ii vide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
REST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, lor sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; npienrild
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers for
the market. _
OTSIKR BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situa ed locality for a growing town
outside the ci . y limit* of Oakland; low Uses; city
water, cnuri b,,' school, free delivery, etc.
Tli.\D. S. FITCH. Fiiehbur?.
W. V. Met LURK. 19 Montgomery st., 3. F. .
S" ÜBBTANHAL MuDEUN HUUs>Kst BUILT;
9150 to $J75 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
Vf CST BE SOLD— NEW HOUSE: 742 CAsTHO
i'l St., near 20tb, la tbe warm belt of tn<? Mission,
containing 8 rooms and all impipveirientfl: cost
$7000: large lot; do not fail to see this bargain.
Apply next do r. -
(H. 1 OR/l COTTAGE OF ft ROOMS; BEKKE-
rJ)I*iOU. ley; lot 60x100: Rear station; «3QO
down. $15 monthly.
$160— Let 24x100: $5 down. $3 monthly.
('HAS. A. BAILK.V. 'M Mon ;ompn- *'.
• • 'JiOjilll'iiJ l-HAA.
NY AMOUNT ON BONPS," DIAMONDS.
wateries, jewelry, silverware, sealskins,' silks
and instruments; interest low: private en. ranee;
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant »ye. :.- ' ,/■■
a*! «w\ j,ii/\ To LOAN. CITY AND OAK-
3MUU.UUU laqd. at lowest rates; life Insur-
ance, real estate in probate, small or larce sums.
i-HAIN \VAM> BUCKBIiK <b CU. v:l*-2JO Mont-
goraery at. , - - ■ " .
ADVANCES :7 ON DIAMONDS WATCHKH,
A. jewelry, also oq furniture, piano*, wlthpiu re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JUWdLlit
HI ORE, ViH Market st. ; open evenings.
■\f ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTKK-
itI fst per month for each $1000; game rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite ln»urance. Coin, bo* a, Call.
\IONJiY LoANk-W MA JEVViiLm AM»
Jji other valqables at (be Eccumy Lean Office,
111/t>Marketsi..or. Mason; prlvaf*ntr»nr»7 Turic.
I JKECT ON YOUK * ITU Rfc OR PIANU;
XJ no removal; no delays; no commissions, low
Interest. Rm. 6». tXinoliHa bldg. 1170 Market <:.
A NY AMOUNT; IST. 'OJ or 3D M\)KlXiA'iii4
A. estates, undivided Interests, real estaia la d.-»-
Cat*. MtupUSA>yj* Montcoinory.room 3.
e>OC\'C\i\f\ os IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
*J(")v »U sums not exeeedlog $1000. Call at
room 629, Parrott Buiidinj.
leer * -ji> iIOKTUA'GKs; ixtkrkhts in k->-
J-Ute*;lowMt raies;no RPH Y.62H Mr< .
* D VA 'NOES DIAMON V. JiTU
3 «"olonibla l.oari A- i l oili!l«' l *'_M!ir» V iir«i' iv»,
;VA\Vi«**44oK*,Kji.
HAND " CENTRAL LOAN OFFICE." 1200
Market st.: money loaned: WBtcbeg;diamoßdai
etc: lowest rates: bargains In unredeemed pledge*.
AT 12« KEAKNV *1:. ROOM P-MONEY
loaned.' wa.ehes. : diamonds, etc. : low rates;
prlva? «• room* elevator: ' •!»•<>««•■» for sale cheap. -t
j| FINANCIAL.
ONEY TO ' LOAN ON'"seCURETY/ SYV
VAIN SALOMON, 3^B iioutjsonjeri-. r. 214.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MCAf£.K BKOTHEKS, "^*" ;
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
QQfiA.fi CORNER, GREEN ST. NEAR
«Jp»7UvJv'. Kearny store and apartments; good
improvements; rents well; a fine investment.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
9fifi 20 FEET FRONTING PACIFIC
iJI^UU. aye.. - ljotulng the Preildlo: street
work done and ace.) .ed: see us about ibis cheap
lot.
CHEAP RICHMOND LOTS.
C?f?AA ONLY EACH; 5 JOTS; 25x100: N.
t]rUUU side l.akesi.. near 17th aye.: ready to
build on; street macadamlz:d and sewered; good
marine view. - - •
QOAA 18TH AVK., NR. B ST,; 25x120;
iOO\J\J. any offer considered.
GOOD INCOME PROPERTY.
<£1 P\ fififi HOWARD-ST. business
iiPIO.\J\JVI . property- near 4th St.: 4 stories;
store and « flats: rent $1560: DiUpart of the city
holds iisowu equal 10 any, and this property is in
the heart of it: lot 25x8 J; building and street nor«
all iv good condition, - •;.
' WAFER BRO<.. 108 Montgomery nt.
~" IOI'STUY KKAt KJiIATK. : "
FOR ' SALE— A " GENUINE BAfTgXInT
house, barn, 6 acres in orchard; one mile
from Hay wards; soil suitable foi vegetables: easy
terms. Address V. HOOSuN. Haywards, Cal.
NO. I ACREAGE PrtOPERIIES LO-
cated near R. K. stations," Ross Valley. Marin
County, offered in exchange for Oakland, Alameda
and San Francisco Improved properties in values
from f 4000 up; all clear and will assume small
mortgage.
QQ7KA ONE of THE FINEST io-acre
<J)O 1 O\J» tracts in th« State, located H,i miles
•rom Mountain View, Santa Clara County: all set
out to fruits now fu 1 bearing: common house:
good barn. windmill, tank and tankhotne: crop this
year will pay $700; $1000 cash, balance long time.
ffjonnn 180 ACRES OF good land:
t^OV/l'U. small house; barn: 100 acres of val-
ley land, balance pasture: located on main county
road; living stream of water: sale or exchange,
FDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building.
A SHUH3T CO..ONY. .
■tV At Athurst you will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will b; pelf-sustaining, at-
tractive and profitable, and on terms better than
have ever be:cre been offered. We nave our own
homes In this colony and ere determined to sur-
round ourselves with neighbors who wish atone*
to have schools and churches and reading-rooms
In «ur very midst. We have every facility for a
grand development. We make it possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with m homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Ashurst Colony, room 10, Mills building,
ban . ranclaco. y
C7Afifi' 160 ACRES 4Va MILES FKOM
tjp I u\J\J . lone, Amador County: 35 acres fine
variety of .wine and tab.c grapes. 8 and 9 years
old; orchard for tamilv- use; HO acres hay laud,
balance pasture; all fenced and cross fenced;
abundance of wood and water; good buildings;
water piped through bouse and grounds; stone
wine cellar, winery and all appliances for wine*
making; farming Implements, etc.; will exchange
for Oakland or nn Francisco residence property,
BHAINWALD, BUCKBE.E i CO., 220 Montgom-
ery st, Mills buli.iiag.
S UNUSUAL OFFEK— I OWN 15,000
acres of the richest land in the sta'.e of Cali-
fornia. I grow In great abundance every variety
or iruit, grnin and vetretab es grown in the State;
1 hive he advantage of water and railroad trans-
portation: my ni.vr c ora:iges and grape fruit took
first premium at Midwinter Fair; my sugar beets
are uu-xcelled in richness and purity of sac-
cbarine matter my irrigating facilities are the
finest in the State; all my improvements are first-
class and elegant; I will sell as a wnole or an un-
divided one-half Interest in this valuable tract at
a price lower than ever before offered; it will pay i
you to investigate this. Address A >.. box 67, Ca11.
O RENT-SATIIER RANCH. CONTRA
Costa County on San Pablo Creek, eight miles
from Berkeley; 1150 acres of land, well watered
and wooded; abju; 350 acres good grain land:
balance exce.lent pasture: suitable tor milk or
»took ranch. R. E. ROWLAND, Orinda Park.
SAN RAFAEL— NEW MODERN HOUSE, 8
rooms and bath: large lot; good location:
street accepted; for sale cheap or exchange for
city property. J. TU.N-TKAU, San Rafael. 1 al._
7 M>"R OV E D HOM K sYNtAI) FOR SALE
X cheap. Inquire 25 De Boom tit. ■
rpwO" FIVE-ACRE CHICKKN RANCHES;
i- ulib running water: good improvements: only
half a mile from town: .$l5OO each: one of 4 acres,
nice improvements. $18*0: another of 9Vs acres,
good iMuse, nice orchard: one of 12 acres, nice
house 9 rooms, ane^ian water, creek bottom,
close to low half caEh, *'2500. D, H. TWING,
Sonoma City.
\\ r ANTED— TO KXCHANGE 12 ACRES AT
'» Greenwood. Mendocino Coun:y. for larger
place, suitable *or farming; price not over $3500:
will pay difference. Write, with particulars. G. W.
KOBINSON, Elk, Mendocluo County. :
Q 11)111) FINK MOUNTAIN HOME, OVER-
: «. "H'WU, looking Capay Valley. Yolo County;
6-0 acr roomy l^a-s:ory house, barns ad
i other outbuildings: ■ 3 acres orchard In lull bear-
! Ing; 1 mile from school 2v 3 niilej from railroad
; and postotlice; Ii sold soon 10 head of catt B, 1
I span horses wagon 1 and farming Implements,
poultry and bay will be included. Address J. C.
WINTER, Brooks P. P., Volo County. Cat
* LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOlC-
■£*■ est in tha Slate; selling in tracts, 5 acres ui>-
ward, >35 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell: 11 2 hours from S.F.";
easy terms; title perfect. 17 CUTonice building.
I^OR KXCHANGE FOX CITY INCOME PROP-
x erty— 6o acres, two-thirds orchard in bearing,
one-third bare land: near San Jo.c; cash value
$21,0U0. Address 14. L. 8., San Jose, CM. .
N*Y ONE WANTINU A RANCH FOR
'purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance la 6 or 7 years apply 326 Montgomery st.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRE* 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble lan I; rail er water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre: terms to suit. Syndicate luvedtiueiit L'uiu-
t any. 65 Chronicle building.
fr£iWiik FO<JTiiILLHOMK IN S.AN MATEO
•rUv'"", County, 25 mies from San Francisco,
half mile from railroad: 5 acre*: modern house: 9
rooms. Apply to C. S. MKRHILL, Berkeley, Cai.
A Tl ENTION, LAND BUYERS— I2O ACRES
A choice olive, vine and prune lands 'ocated in
Alameda Co., 37 miles from San Fr&ncUco, will
be sold at a sacrifice: surrounding lands held at
$75 per acre; make an offer; will subdivide to
suit. 57 Chronicle bui ding. ' -.
T ITI'LE HOMES. OLOstK TO TOWN. IJf-
IJ r roved, easy terms; also 4 to JJ acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday a. 632 Market s. . S. I*.
ENI/FoKOI/KTfcjVl'" oi' 1 iRCUAKu Ht.)MiLB
for sal*. Wous'rKK ,t WH I'tTuK. -m in J9 .
~T WEtK a NEWS FOR" 5 CENTS— TIiJS
.1 WEEKLY CALL, m wrapper, for mailing.
i'l.Ul'l.iat '* >< LALUA-IUC
TyTLITE XCHA N UK -W E I?LnToCATE^CIf V
>T property for horses. Address W. L.. box 16,
Call Office. ' ■ -
WHAT HAVE YOU TO EXCHANGE FOR
'* 180 acres fruit land In Placer County. Address
or call C. .\. MAYDWEL.., 23 Davis st.
~\(\f\ ACRES NEAR VACAVILLb.. SOLA NO
luy County, all under cultivation; good bouse,
barn, ate : will trade in equity for San Francisco
or Oakland property, improved or unlimiroved;
cash value f 8000. Addreas;R. 4., box 99, Call.
HALFSKcfTON OFGOOD LAND IN I TURK
XX county, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or sau .Francisco. Address A. box 87
C.III Otfire.
"^Olt SALE OH EXCHANGE FOR CITY. OA X-
" land or Alameda property, improved fruit
rareh 7 res; 1 mile from santa Clara: 2000
finest French prune trees: also other fruits; lance
artesian well. etc.; value 1 at $I'J.OOU: easy term*.
Apply fr. m 5 tort, A. YOUNU, 1406 Grove st..^/ty.
l '>>»!> ACitK" 'ii-xitfcK U.Vu,.K'lvK.< 11..
I ' ' wxter: ripf »■"■ car ■--r--«n' N..wllli'»:l
LtGAb JIOTICES.
fpH"E^LD^ifAKKIi"RUGSTORK. J36^1 r ?TER
'X st., will be sold August 15, 1896; all bids mm;
be in writing find presented to me nt my office at
410 Kearny 81., rot.m 12. on or before 9 o'clock
a. H. 01 August 15. 1896, for further particulars
apply t« $• FKA.xK^i".-., Assignee, 410 Kearny.
PURSUANT TO A DKCKiCK OK r'UKKCLO-
sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic 01 Hawaii May 12,
1886. notice Is hereby given that tbe • property
liereunder described will be cold at public auction
at tne Courthouse (Aliloiani Hale) in Honolulu,
island of Oahu, H. 1.. on Wednesday, August 26,
Ifct'b, at 12 o'clock noon. P. *.'. JQNE--,
Receiver of Lanai Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanal Ranch, lo-
cated ou the island of Lanai, comprising 11.500
acre* more or lens in tee simple, and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or less | of .Government lands, the
most valuable o: which do not expire until 1916;
the annual rentals are about $1800. ■
This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
icg ample houses for ' all purposes, all in good re-
pair, with < Isterns, wooished and nr«>as, and a
lio:k of 34,000 sheep, 550 head of cattle and 200
horse* by actual count. ■ •. 
'1 he lan is are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle. : As a sheep run it is
the most valuable on (ft* Island*. -The lands, now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire is and 01 Lmai.
There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana: there are 00 mongoose or wild dogs : on the
l*land.s^><MilKi l iiwr< l i%it'Baff« ■ ) -
r Steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week.
A map showln-' all the lands controlled :by the
estate and a ailed schedule of the property to
De sold can be seen and further particulars ran be
had at the office of 31 essrs. Welch A Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St.. Pan Francisco. ■•_ -. ■■-. _ . ;
Terms of s*i« will do cash Id United State* gold
' coin. . ■
Honolulu, May 15, 1896.
.:■■■. ■■■:. P. C JONE«. Receiver.
~~" PU FfcssloN. CAitD •. : ,
RANK BHAT, ATTORNB V AT-LAW. ROOM
421. four floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
\iMLL>T~DKKJ>s. ETC. •L. bONT.»G, A IT'Y
ff and Notary, 116 Market; res., 2126 Howard.
JOHN K. . ICHARDS, LAW OFFICE*, ROOMS
. 2 > and - 27, Crocker • building; telephone Main
75, Kan Francisco. Cal. ,-' '. - -;
JOHN R. AiTKKN ANDMAURICKL. ASHF.R.
v any sat law, rms 514,6 6.a floor, Parrot 1 tild^,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
ffi»«F»fifi NEW MODERN 9-ROOM HOUSE.
<?\JO\J\J. garret and basement: all finished
and cemented: s:eam heating apparatus all com-
plete: gas and electric lighting; lot 45x112; worth,
: $8000, but must be gold: north side Knox place,
I bet. Telegraph aye. and Grove st. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. ,-..-,
iO^XA 7-KLOM MODERN ■• COTTAGE;
— VO\J. bath, basement and stable; nice
lawn and driveway; lot 50x168: north side Thirty-
second st., between Telegraph aye. a:;d Grove st.:
easy terms: must be sold on account of. mortgage.
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
€»9'Jnfi :;EW 2-STORY 6-ROOM HOUSE:
O-- O\J\f, just fioished; all modern Improve-
ments; lot 40x135; Derby st., near rove; terms
to suit customer. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway,
Oakland. . . • '•'...
©1 1 Mil 4-ROOM COTTAGE; HIGH BASK-
(Jllul'. mem and bsth; all complete; lot a 7*
90: -6th St., nr. Market; easy terms: this Is a
bargain. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
C?*ji'~n ' 2-STORY: 6 ROOMS; NEW OR
*? — U'jyj. modern Improvements: lot s'JilOO;
Twenty-third st., near Twenty-fifth aye.. East
Oakland: terms to suit customer. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland.
iTjXAfWI WK are authorized to sell,
iJtIUUU. among other prorerty, a fine 9- room
house, all modern and complete, with large corner
lot 45x:03; NE. cor. Kighteemh and Castro sta. ;
this property is worth $"1 00: easy terms, call or
address A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway. Oakland,
«£• 1 'l-|| A FINE MODERN COTTAGE;
O-L •'«-"'. bath and high basement; lot2axll4:
on Valdez st., near Park aye., East Oakland: ♦iou
cash, balance small monthly payment*. A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland. ■
<S* J^On A BEAUTIFUL NEW AND MOD.
tIT^ItJWU. em house of eight roams, laundry
and bath: ail plumbing nickel-plated and op., und
of the very finest ; plate glass; two flue mantels;
a large basement with cement floor and entirely
plastered overhead; electrfo gas-lighting; beauti-
fully tinted throughout; cement wa ks and fenc-
ing complete; an excellent neighborhood with
electric cars one block distant: lot 60x160; inves-
tigate this before you buy; no trouble to show the
properly. GEORGK B. M. AY, 46a Ninth st.
(Jj 1 4 »nA READ THIS— WE OFFER A 6-
CIOUU. room cottage and lot. 27x130, for
817 per month only, and no cash down; a bar-
gain. ■ ALDEN & KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
■|-ARU.UX; 9325 CASH]" BALANCE 530 PER
• * month; beautiful new, 6-roorg, 2-story house
on corner lot, bsxllO feet; electric cars pass
door: must be sold. Inquire WILLIAM P. 1 ODD.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
v w ILL IT PA\ » YKsj!! -EE ALLENDALE
" Tract at once. Buy a *75 lot or upward for a.
home or paying in vestment ; rrnitvae, a'iolning
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland; level
and choice site; streets graded: some macadam-
ized; only a few left; fine school: 2 electric roads
near iy: conveyance free: $,* cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market a  U. P.
}{. Z JONES, owner.} '■
OAKLAND COTTAGER.
A R-IN FRUITVALE TERMINAL TRACT,
*1 close to Fruit vale sea.: or will sell: 950 cash 1
al. $14 per mo. THK M.'CARTH V CO., 646 Mkt.
OAKCJLAXIJ KOOMS TO LET.
THE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AND
Washington sis., Oakland : a few choice suite*
can now be obtained: table unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability.
OAKLAND FI'KXITUKK FOX SALE,'
'\T/irvß~TaXM7rN^ri?Y~p^u
»' SCH KLLn A AM. furniture-dealer. lUh.Oauld
ALAMEDA ADYBRTISEMEHK
OFFICE— 1435 PARK STREET.
ALAMKUA '" KK At.' tsTATE.
: yoTjK^XßMTAltiToultSr^ v ~— ™—
CiQnnn handsome new cottage: 6
*S'O\>\J\J . rooms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion, gr, G.
{.97-ft 925 CASH; (28 MONTHLY; 37:6
C— • O\J. xlOO; N.W. corner; cottage. 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
Homes and stores to let from $10 up.
> ARCU-K A REM .MEL. contractors and Home
Builders, Bay-st. elation, Alameda, cal. Tel. 15.
San Francisco office, 6-8 Market street.
Office open Sundays ana holidays.
d>t>f\Aik «-"sToRY, 7-ROOM HOUSE, COT-
«J)OUU''. ta?e, 6 rooms, large lot; former price
$4500: must be sold. . .F. L'AlRii, 1303 Park
St., Alameda.
<Bl9'-<n(l TO «5000— NEW AND MODERN !
O«<)Uu houses on large lots in good loiationsi
convenient to traiiisi terms to suit the purchaser*.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1304 Park
it.. Alanvda. ■ -..
ALA3IJ-:DA BOOMS AJ«fl> BOABDLM.,
7jQ|TcEN TRAIT"rvIcr~NIR: All W. E BST t R !
DO c7 su; nicely furnished rooms with board:
piano. -" - -■ -. -
tttLkiH.ti.U*£X 1.1.AL tslAlt;.
GOOD HOMES FOR KENT OR FOR gALI?
VJ on easy terms. O. ii. MAY A CO,. teal esia:a
and bulldine, 212H Center St.. Berk»ley.
ObEPit J. Mason, kk.'.i. EhTATK and
Inmranre mt-ut, Herkeler slam. adjainln; hank-
~ r ~" BtUbtLtV hulsKS.
F'~o^~^ent^h^usk~olF~To~r^olis~Tnd
bath, with garden and lawn in front, large or-
chard, also some pasture land: entire place com-
prises about 10 acres; street macadamised: five
minutes' walk to train making half-hourly trips to
city. For further information call or address A. J.
YIiER A CO., 467 Ninth St., real estate brok-
ers, Oakland.
OR KENT FOR ONE YEAH OK LONGER
on reasonable terms— A completely furnished
hou-e of 10 rooms, bun -and laundry; stable,
cnlckephoase: roses, etc. : convenient to railway,
school and university. Address House, box 63,
Cml: ' tti c, .
BIOSXKKKV REAL ii%TATK.
T&TTFfJTT'inSArrHOTKL^^
— O\J\J. a lake; ttstory house, barn, chicken-
house: 12 lots, all in fruit and 6 kind* of berries;
vegetables grow thriftily all year round: must be
sold imineoiatelv. F. C. CaLDWKi.L, owner,
825 Ninth si., Oakland.
pkofosalu.
PrOpoSals'for "tsb erection "of "a
X frame school ouilding and for replanking and
bltuminizlng schoolyards— proposals will
be received by the superintendent of Common
Schools in open session of the Hoard of Education.
new City Hall, on WEDNESDAY. Augu-t 28,
1896. at 8:80 o'clock p. m.. for the construction of
ft four-classroom frame school building at Sunny-
side, in the City and Comity of San Francisco.
Proposals will also be received by said board at
the time staled tor repianking and bituminizing
certain public school yards. .-
All work to bo done in accordance with plans
and specifications (and the condition!* mentioned
therein) to be seen at the office of CHARLES I.
HAVENS, arch tea of said board, room 35. Flood
building, corner Fourth nud Muriel streets. Union
labor only to be employed o.i said work. •-
The board reserves the right to r> ct any or all
bids, as the public Rood may require.'
BO ROM BfaiA OS, secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR PAINTING BCHOOL-
X houses— Scaled proposals will be received by
the Superintendent of Common Schools in open
session of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
011 WEDNESDAY. August V 6. 1896, at »:3J
o'clock p. m,, for painting tbe interior anil exterior
of c.-rtain scliooihoiis-s in the 1 ity and County of
San Fran, in accordance with specifications
(and the conditions mentioned therein) to be seen
at tne office of OHaRLKSI. HaVK.NS, architect
of said board, room 55. Flood building, corner
Fourth anil Market streets. Bids will n» consid-
ered only from )iar;k's actually engaged In tha
business of houae painting Uuion labor only to
be employed on this work.
The board reserves the right to reject any qr all
bids as the public good may requite.
"HKOKCK B AVSiii.N. .^ecr^-nrv.
j> A.. ».!.!(,.. IJA(/4l J A(/4M l l«MWr<
1 he following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday
M. Hyman and Gussie Raphael. 26-22.
B. L. >tock and Miry H. Rec.or, 32— • :
P. Honnert and Marguerite Taaroa, 25—35.
T. W. B. Swan and Charlotte M. Matthew*, 24—
ii. ■■.■■■-•». .- -: .:■ .;;--,•'■-;:
A. C. Brjwn and Mary L. Foster. 32—19.
John Williams and Louise Peck. '.'a—
J, J. Murphy an d Lucinda M. Omen. 34—18.
V, H. Smith and Sadie M. Burkhohler. 36—27.
W. J. Lawry and Mamie Sbean, .8 —
' J. Bierman and Katie E. Hen ness v, 38—22.
IX Thornton and Katie MeLain. 30— •
W. E. Cahill and Nellie J. Hickey, 31-2«.
W. H. Grandy and Elisabeth* Mill ward, 22—23.
Carl Hereng and Matilda Z.ger. 28—21.
J. F. Meaddowa ami Anna L. Ferguson. 21—20.
'A'JUa. . UIVUI.Cc; l.ttO..iJ. i
Complaints filed: . '. .,'
Celine Marie Durand against Leon Durand.
Jeanette Talley against William \V. Talley.
: Fannie Howard agalust My rou B. Howard. " I
Plvorces granted
- Kate Go! stein from Joseph Goldstein, for fail- i
ore to provide.- by Judge Mack; $-j& per month
alimony and custody of minor child allowed me
p ain id. •.; "■■:■.■■.■ :-..■;••■:., ... ./. ;•»:' ■.
biK fii& — JI ARttIA«ES — DiAiiii
. r ßirth, marria«e and death notices gent by mall :
will not be Inerted. They mm. be handed in at
either of the publication ottices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorlge-t
to nave the same publUhed.J
; BOIt.V.
GOODKIND— In this city, August 9, 1893, to the
wife of Theodore Goodkind, a dan -liter.
LEWIS— In this city, August 5, 189«, to the wife
■; of I. K. Lewis, a son. . ■ -
M ADD A LENA— In this city, August 7, 1896, to
the wife of L H. Maddalena, a daughter.;
' MATJZ ANT— In this city. May 8, 1896, to the wife
of P. Mauzant, a son.
MORGAN— In Oakland. August 8, 1593, to the
wife oil. It. Morgan, a daughter. -
RODGERS— In this city, August 10, 1896, to the
. wife of Henry Y. Rodgers, a son.
SCHROEDER— In this city, August 11, 1898, to
the wife of John A. schroedcr. a daughter.
r ■■.'•■, - MAHKIED. v
DINMORE-BURNKR-In this city, August 10.
1896, iv English Lutheran Church, at noon, by
. the Rev. O. H. Gruver. William H. Dinmore and
Ventura Burner, both of San Francisco.
ECKSTEIN— WILSON— In this city. August 6,
1898, by the R«v. Dr. E. R. Dille, Charles Eck-
stein of 'Visilia and Nellie Wilson of Modesto.
HORSER— MEYERS— In this city. Auznst 8,
. 1893. by tne Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, John W. Hom-
er of Oakland and Hatile W. Meyers of Fruit-
va.e. *
MCLAUGHLIN— L FA -In san Rafael, August
9. 1896.at the Church of St. Rapnael.by the Rev.
. Father Con*ay, Thomas J. Mcuaughlla of Sac-
ramento and Katie U. Leahy of San Francisco,
PARENT— LENT— In this city. . Au«ust 5. 1898,
by the Rev. Donald M. Ross, Hlppolyte D.
I' rent and Julia Gf-irilna I nt '
4Ji.Ajl).
Boulett, Joseph R. Hosier, Maurice
Bishop. Harvey N. . Johnson. Ogcar T.
Barry, Marraret T. Kiernan. Sarah J.
Barns Thomas S. La Valiee. Noemie
Cronig*. William H. V. McGilvray. Jaroes S.
Cornweil. George McPou?all, May
Coper. Captalu William Nedburg, Elisabeth
Carl. Julia Phillips, Charles T.
>nnls, Nicholas Reynold*, J. W. B.
Fjord. Juiiaue Kodgers (infant)
Foster. Annie Schnier, Wllhelmla*>
FloreiutiMt. August bwreney, Mary,
Ooodklnd (ipfant) Winsiow, Anna R.
BARNSTEAD— In this city. Aomsl 12. 1898,
Thomas s. BArnstead, a native of Halifax, Nova
Scotia, axed 88 year*.
BISHOP— In Belmont, S»q Ma'eo County. August
10. 1896, Harvey N. Bishop, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 78 years.
BOUL- TT— ln Oakland, August 11, 1898, Joseph
B. Bouletr, a native of New Orleans, aged 65
. years 9 months and 19 days.
BA«RY— Io this city, August 11, 1896, Margaret
T. Barry, a native or -an Francisco. Lged 24
years, 8 months and 1 day.
COPER— In this city, August 12, 1896, Captain
William, beloved husband of Manuela Coper, a
naive of New York, aged 74 years and 9 months.
43~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
(Friday), at 11 o'clock a. v.. from the family
"residence, 1304 Ellis street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CRONIBK— In this city, August 11, 1896. William
• H. V. Croni-te, father of Clement Cronise, a, us*
tive ef Maryland, in his seventy-second yearV -
j(EJ~Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the runeral TrflS i).W
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Pioneer
Hall, Fourth street, near Market, interment
' private.
CORNWELL— In this city, Ausust 11, 1896.
George Cornweil. beloved huiband of Carrie
... Cornweil. anl brother of D. 1. Carnwell, a
native of Ithaca. New York, aged 66 year* 1
month and a days. [New York papers please
copy. ]
«S*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from hi* late
residence. 1719 Howard streot, thence to Ma-
sonic Hall, Sixteenth and Valencia streets.
- where services will be be d under the auspices of
Brotherhood Locomotive. Engineers No. 161,
. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by special
train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
CARL— In this eltv, August 12. 1896. Julia, he-
loved wife of William Can and sister of Edward
O'Neill, a native of Bos.oa. Mass., aged 30 years.
Remains at funeral parlors of James Me?
Menomey <fe Son. 1057 Mission street.
ENNiS-In this city, August llJ&R'ty, Nicholas,
dearly beloved husband of the Ir"i« Ann i:uni»
and father of Mrs. Thomas Dowd, Mrs. Charles
Welch, Mm. Frank MeLau?h!ln and Josephine
: Ennis, a native of County Wexford, Ireland,
aged 62 yean 4 months and 15 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect'
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOHROW
(Fridays at 9 o'clock a. it., from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. Frank McLaughlin,
1 103 Pierce stree:. thence to the Churoh of Holy
Cross, where a solemn requiem masi will be
celebrated or the repose of tils soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ■
FLORENTINE— In South Kan Francisco, August
10, 1898. August Florentine, beloved husband of
Tlieres a Fiorrintlne, and father of Mrs. Louis
Wagner, Eugene, Mary. Angelina, Victoria and
Christina Florentine, a native of Relqhshofen,
Alsace. Germany, ag~d 52 years and 2 months.
£9~Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend me fun»rai THIS UAV
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from nig late res-
idence. Twenty-fourth and Railroad avenue
south, South San Frupcwi-o, thence to Ma-
sonic Hall, corner Four'r*!i ii and Rr.Uroad ave-
nues south, wber<« services will t>e held
under the auspices of Bay View Lodge No. 169,
A. O. U. W.. commencing at 1:30 o'clocic p. m..
Interment Cypre*i Lawn Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— To the officers and members of Bay
View Lodge No. 159. A.0.U.W, : You are hereby
notified to be present at yourlodgeroom Masonic
Hall, corner Fourteenth and Railroad ave-
nues south, Sputn San Francisco, THIS DAY
lThurs4ay), at 1 o'clock p. m., tor the purpose of
attending the funeral of our .ate brother. August
Florentine. Fine* for endance will be
enforced. By order of the M. W.
ED.VAKD ME A LEY, Recorder.
FJORD— In Alameda. Aueust 10, 1896, Jullane,
■ beloved wife of Lorens Fjord and mother of Mrs.
W. C. Logan and Mrs. C. E. Bain, of Astoria,
Or.. Julia. .Met*. Carl and Rudolph Fjord, and
sister of Otto, Adolph and George >Wt-tUen and
Mrs. Pauline Martens, a native of Holstein, Ger-.
many, aaed 50 years 6 months and 13 days.
jKfFriends aud acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend trip tuneral Saturday,
AusustlS. 1593. at 1:30 o'clock p. M.. irom the
German Lutheran Church, Lafayette street, be-
tween Saata Clara and Central' avenues. Ala-
meda. Inter. Mountain View Cemetery.
FOSTER— In Livermore, August 12, IST 3. Annie,
wife of Captain E. Foster, a native of England,
aged 66 years.
GOODKIND— In this city. August 9, 1896, infant
- daughter of Theodore Goodkind.
HUS.iF.Y- In this rity. August 11. 1896. Ma-iric*.
dearly belovel husband of the late Ellen Hussey
- and father of Ella Hussey and Katie arid Mary
Gllleapie. a active of Canada, a?ed 50 years-
aS-Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral THIS HAY
(Thursday), at 1 :30 o clock p. m., from his lute,
residence. 21 Ritch street, lnsermeut Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Marshfleld, Or., August 9. 1838,
Oscar T., beloved husband of Susie E. and father
'of Harol'i J. Jpnii3on, a native of Sweden, aged
29 years.
jeGPFrlends are respectfully invited toattenl
the fnneral services THIS DAY (Thursday), at
2 o'clock p. M.. from the parlors of N. Gray <&
Co., 641 -Sacramento street, interm^at 1. M-
. O. F. cemetery,
KIERNAN— In tliU city, Ausii'tl2. 189«. Sarah
J., beloved wife of M. J. Kiernan, a, native of
San i-'-aii'-'isco. a4ed 36 years.
jTB"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 412 California avenue, theure iqst. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mas? will
be ceiebra'ed for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing a' 9:30 o'clock a. M. Interment Moun!
Calvary Cemetery.
LA YALLKE— A solemn re<jnl<?m hiih mass for
the repose of the soul of Noemie La Valiee, wife
of Armand La Vailee, will be celebrated at the
French Church, Bush street, TO-MOUROw
• (Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.
McDOUGALL— In this City, August -VI. 1893.
May. beloved wife of C. A. McDousrall and
mother of Lyman, Adrian. Alice an.l Ev* Mc-
Dougall, sister of Mrs. Sadie ClarS am the la •
Sue "Coghlan, a native of New York, aged 38
' years and $ month*.
fS'Kelative.s an* friends are respect-
fully invited to attend 'he funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at I -: 15 o'clock p. v.. from her late
residence, 2118 Broierlck street, thence by 3
o'clock p. m. creek route boat to Oaklana. Inter-
ment -l. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
McGII.VRAY— In this oitr, Augt»3t 10. James S,
McOi:vr<iy, a native of Ireland, aged 43 years.
NEDBURG— A| MoK»iurnne Hill. August 12,
1896, Elizabeth, wife of Christopher Nedbnrg
and sister of Mary, Alice, Pippy and Johu R.
■ Daly, a-'. 1 68 years.
of funeral hereafter.
PHILLIPS— In Oakland. August 1 1. 1898 v Charles
Theodore, beloved husband of Mary K. Phillips,
and father of Walter and Irene Phillips a native
of San Prancl^co. aged 37 years and 10 months.
jSs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invitea to attend the tunorM fills ij.vY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. fro.-n Masoniq
Temple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets,
Oakland. Services under tha auspices of Mission
Lodge No.. 169, F. and A. M. Interment Mount-
ain View Cemetery.
BKYNONDS— In Sulsun City, Ca'., August 7,
1896, Dr. J. W. B. Reynolds, aged 78 years, 7
months and 7 days.
BODGERS— In this city, August .11, 1836. infant
son or Emma H. and Henry V, RoJgers.
BWEESEV-In the City and County Atmshouse,
August 11, 1898, Mary Sweeney, a native ol
IrelanJ, a£t-d t>7 years.
SCHNIER— In this city, August 12, 1896, Wllhel-
mlna Scbnler, aged 54 year*.
WISSLOW- in this oltw, Auarnst la 1896. Anna
R. Winslow. wif- of Will am Winsiow, a native
'of Ba.tlmov. azed 60 years. ■ '
WIcAVOV A GALLAGHER,
FDNKRAL DIRECTORS * IMBALMKBS,
SO fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
jTsSfr^f'FNoiiEV^^^™" " MCMKNOKKtr.
JAMES MoMENOMKV « SON,
INDEBTAKriKS AM) KMISALMtiRS,
• 1057 Mission Street, Near •■seventh.
-.-■• Telephone No. 8354. • . -
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 997 Mark**
street, sontheasi corner of sixth. - . .
MJ^Ti^Vnil^ re Tnxoat, Pimples,~CopperW
AnAjt TUU colored Scow, Aches, Old HoreiJM
BKicers In Month. "ailing! Write lOOKB
■BEMEBY CO., CO7 sia*onte TemplcJH
■Chlcaga, HI., for proof* of cure*. Cupl-H
Htatl, *000,000. Worst cases cured In ISpl
Sjta 35 day*. 100- page book free. m ™jM
1516
AN OPEN LETTER
TO THE EDITOR OF
-THE CALL."
The following communication was yes
terday received fiom Rev. Father Peter C.
Yorke, editor of the Monitor:
Hon. Charles if. fihortridge—DEAK. Sir: In
the issue of your paper dated August 11, you
make reply to certain statements published m
the Monitor, connecting you and your paper
with divers members and divers acts of the so
called American Protective Association. As
you have addressed your letter to rue by name
I conceive it my duty to acknowledge the com
munication orer my signature.
You state that a public discussion of these
matters is repugnant to you. Your repugnance
can be no greater than mine. I deplore the
ignorance, credulity and intolerance which
have revived in this City the issues of past
ages and have made us a by- word to less civil
ized but more manly communities. At the
tame time I do not consider that any man is
bound to apologize for aefending in public
that religious freedom which is guaranteed us
by the constitution or for condemning the
nchemes of knaves and bigots who would pun
ish men and women for worshiping their fa
ther's God.
THK CAVSE OF THE A. P. A
Indeed, mv opinion is that the disgrace
which has come upon our City and our State
through the very existence of the so-called
American Protective Association may be at
tributed to ihecow9ri'.ice which has locked the
mouths of the editors of all our great City
dailies. The editors of these papers know
wnat every one knows, that the contentions at
present agitating the community are not
purely religious contentions. They know
ihat it is not a quarrel between Protestants
and Catholics. No church on earth would
ciaim the men , bankrupt in pocket and bank
rupt in character who pose as leaders of the
A. P. A. save the synagogue of Satan.
The quarrel is a quarrel between intolerance
and the constitution of the United Slates. It
is an attempt to destroy that fundamental
provision ior which Protestants and Catholics
nave fought and bled— the profession of re
ligious belief without pain or penalty. The
A. P. A. exists as a political party for one pur
pose, and that purpose is to punish every
Catholic for being a Catholic by excluding him
from public office.
Though such a purpose is treasonable, not
one of our great morning dailies has daied to
?ay a word in condemnation of it. Call,
Chronicle and Examiner, you have all been
silent. That the guilt of one is heavier than
the guilt 01 the othvrs Ido not believe. And
it gives me deep satisfnetion in this open
letter, to arraign you all before the people of
this City, whose best iutorests you claim to
defend, "as cowards who did n'oc dare in. a
grave crisis to utter a solitary word in behalf
of that religious freedom without which our
country could not exist.
THE CHARGES AGAXMBI "THE CALL."
But why tiien you may ask h:is the|Monitor
singled out The Call tor special reprobation
when the other papers are tarred with the
same brush. The answer is evident. As far as
public events showed the other papers were
guilty of an omission of duty, but the same ;
public events demonstrated that, those who are
managing Thk Call liad by positive acts
entered into an alliance with the A. P. A. The
affidavits arid other documents which wen
published in the Monitor for the past three
months were what I considered proofs of the
existence of this alliance between John i>.
Spreckels, the A. P. A. and The Call.
At the same time 1 was loth to believe that
decent men could enter into any compact with
such a society. WheD I published the testi
mony as it stood in the records of the courts
ana of the lodges I declared that I would be
lieve your word as against the sworn state
ments of men like Hudelson, Marshall and
Ross. I stand by that declaration. At the
close of your letter you write, "If, after read
ing this letter, you do not feel fully satisfied
with the facts here given I shall be most happy
to respond to any questions or to furnish any
oral or documentary corroborative evidence
which you may. think wise to request." I
take advantage of this manly offer not to ask
you to produce evidence, oral or documentary,
as to the truth of your statements. Your word
is sufficient. I will go over the charges which
have been the reason for singling out The
CALLfor the sole purpose that you may have
an opportunity to sc; your explanation over
against them, and that you may be enabled to
give a categorical answer to questions plainly
put.
A MISUNDERSTANDING.
In the beginning let me deal with one point
in your letter which may cause some misun- j
demanding. Henry F. Marshall, a theological
student of the Presbyterian Seminary at San I
Anselmo and an occasional reporter on The |
Call claims that he wrote the letters which ap- I
peared in your columns last February and !
which were fathered by the Rev. Benjamin
Hudelson, Baptist minister and State presi
dent of the A. P. A. of California. Concerning
this statement you write:
"Marshall served as a reporter on that
journal, (The Call) was detailed by my city |
editor, Mr. MacMullen, to interview various j
parties who were contributing to the coutro- i
versy on behalf of your antagonists, and
■erved in a capacity similar to that of Frank
McGuire, a former editor of the Monitor at
that time employed by The Call who assisted !
in gathering material for publication on be
half of the cause you espoused."
Permit me to remark that there must be
some mistake concerning the duties performed
by Frank McGuire. I was the only person
who contributed to the Catholic side of the con
troversy in The Call acd Mr. McGuire gath
ered no material for me nor did I ever dream
that he was deputized to do so. As far as I re
member his sole duty consisted in carrying my
manuscript the few yards which separate our
offices, and if I mistake not that duty was per
formed far oftener by some of my clerks tuan
it was by Frank McGuire.
As to the question whether Marshall wrote
the letters or not I do not consider it worth
discussing. It affects no one but me, and Ido
no' intend to allow mere personal cousidera
tions to enter this matter at all. You deny that
you employed Marshall to write the letters.
That ends the matter as far as I am concernea.
THE BASIS OF THE CHARGEB.
But to return to the main point. I need not
remind you that the basis of all the charges
made in the Monitor against The Call was a
certain letter written by the Rev. Benjamin
HudeUon, State president of the A. P. A. of
California, and given to Henry F.Marshall, a
reporter employed by you for the previous
year, for the purpose of introducing him to
you. In order to have the document before
our eyes 1 will copy it out in full.
San Fbancisco, Cal., January 18, 3896.
.lfr. C. M. Shortridpe, San Francitco— Dear sir-
This introduces Mr. H. K. Marshall, a friend In
whom 1 have the utmost confidence; he Is author
ized by me in my official capacity to confer with
you in matters of a political character. Most re
spectfully, B. F. Hbbemon,
r** Bl J Btat« Pres. A. P. A. of Cal.
As yon are doubtless aware, this letter was
destroyed, but not before the provident Mar
shall had & tintype of it taken. You also know
that said tintype was made the burden of an
affidavit in which H.F.Marshall swore that
the letter was written in pursuance of a scheme
by which the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson tie
(Marshall) and two others should throw the
solid vote of the A. P. A. to "Mr. John D
Spreckels' faction in the Republican party" in
consideration of the sum of $2500 a month
until next November and a lump sum of
NEW • TO-DAY.'
LADIES
WITH
RED FACES
And oily, greasy complexions, or subject to
rashes, pimples, blackheads, yellow or mothy
■kin, will be gratified to learn that the purest,
sweetest, and moat effective skin purifier
and beautiner yet compounded is
CUTICURA
SOAP
It is so because it strikes at the cause of most
complexional disfigurations, viz.: the Clogged
Irritated, Inflamed, or Overworked Pork.
Suggestion : After cycling, golf, tennis, riding,
or athletics, a bath with Cuticuka Soap is most
soothing, cooling, and refreshing, preventing
chafing, rednees,and roughness of the skin, sooth-
ing inflammation, and when followed by gentle -
anointing with Coticuiu (ointment), proves bene-
ficial in relieving tired, lame, or strained muscles.
Sold throughout the world. Price. Ccticuka, «ne.j
Soap, 25c.; fUaoi/rrxT, .We. and »i. Fottzb D«ca
4XD CtfiK. C'>* P.. Sole Props., Boston.
._ mr " Jfyw to Qbtjua • firipaf Complexion," free, j
t $30,000 afterward. You may recollect, too,
I that Marshn.il swore that a further consiuera
! tion wan tho initiatiou of Mr. SpreckeU' candi
date for United States .Senator into the A. P.
1 A., and you remember that after the Rev.
I Benjamin Hudelson had withdrawn his confi
dence from Marshall said Marshall testified
that he was "totally in the dark as to what
arrangements he (the Key. Benjamin Hudel
[ son) finally concluded with Mr. John V.
[ Spreckels."
MR. SHORTRIDGE CORROBORATES MARSHALL.
One of the chief points in dispute among the
members of the American Protective Associa
tion has been the existence of this committee
;ind the reason of its existence. Your letter
setsth.it dispute at r>st. Before the 18th of
January, at a time when the conspirators were
already sniffing success. Marshall told you of
its objects. "He said." to quote from your
letter, "among other things, that lie and other
leaders of the American Protective Associa
tion, mentioning the Rev. Donald M. Ross, one
I Woodworth, B. F. Hudelson, and a Mr. Owens,
: desired to make something out of politics;
! that they did not propose to give all their time
and work for nothing; that they had con
cluded to demand $2500 per month from then
until the election in November, and then, if
! they were successful, they were to ask for
j $30,000 more."
as you will see, with the exception of the
detail* about the United States senatorship and
the names of the other conspirators, your let
ter corroborates Marshall's atlidavit Even if
i we did not have the testimony of M. T. Brewer
■ and George W. Owens, this, to my mind, would
j be conclusive evidence of the fact that at the
I beginning ot this year the Rev. Benjamin
; Hndelson and other leaders of the A. P. A. had
I already blocked out a plan to sell the votes of
their followers in a lump.
THE GRAND JfRY.
' Of course I need not dilate on the immoral
ity of such a plan. Jt is a crime against ]>oi>u
lai liberties in comparison to which fraudu
lent registration or the stuffing of tlie ballot
box is a trivial offense. The attention of the I
Grand Jury has been already called to this
matter, but the Grand Jury has refused to act.
As a citizen of San Francisco I cgain call the
■ attention of the Grand Jury to this charge, j
1 You, the editor of a great daily paper, now
I make it your own, and if the members of this I
I Grand Jury, who are making so much ado !
j about political corruption, do not at least j
I investigate the matter honest men will set !
tlipm down, individually and collectively, as !
posing humbugs.
I A SATISFACTORY ANSWER.
Now, as to your connection with this con- ]
spiracy, 1 think that your letter is eminently
satisfactory. You state that Marshall did not j
present the letter to you and that the first :
time you saw it was in the affidavit. This j
statement corroborates all the testimony i
which has been adduced in the case. The let- ;
ter was recalled and burned before you had I
seen it. Why or wherefore it makes no differ- j
ence now.
But there is just one point on which your I
letter ia not clear and on which it is necessary I
to have a definite statement. I will put it iv
the form ot a question : Is it true that after j
• Marshall had made this corrupt proposition—
i namely, that Hudelson and the other leaders !
oi the A. P. A. would sell out the order for I
I $50,000 more or less— is it true that you then |
1 referred said Marshall to John D. Spreckels,
I the local leader of the Republican party?
THE SACRAMENTO CONVENTION.
Let me now come to a subject which has not
been touched in your letter, but which has
formed the necessary comolement of the first
count against The Call. You may remember
that the occasion of the first charges made by
the Monitor was the Republican convention
at Sacramento. Your paper claimed, and I
believe with truth, that Mr. John D. Spreckels
controlled the convention, or, if he did not |
control it, that he got all he wanted from it. |
But the paper edited by the Rev. Benjamin '
Hudelson also claimed the same convention I
as a "Grand Victory" and asserted that "the |
A. P. A. captures the Republican State Con- |
vention" and that "the association secured all j
It demanded." A week afterward H. W. Quit
sow proclaimed from the platform of Metro
politan Temple, "Another cause of
congratulation is that we have not
i only captured the Republlcau convention
I but the Catholic church." It was a matter of
I notoriety that the Rev. Benjamin F. Hudelson i
! was in Sacramento during the convention
! marshaling his cohorts, and it is a matter of
equal notoriety that "he supported the John I
i D. SDreckels faction of the Republican party." |
Concerning this matter i wish to ask you, is
j it true that at the Sacramento Republican con
! vention the A. P. A. faction, headed by the
Rev. Benjamin Hudelson, co-operated with
Mr. John Spreckels to secure control of the
convention? and is it true that this co-opera-
I tion was the result of a combination between I
! the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson and Mr. John D. j
I Spreckels by which, as proposed by Marshall j
lin January, the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson j
agreed to throw the A. P. A. votes to the side i
of Mr. John D. Spreckels?
THE STEALING OF THE AFFIDAVIT.
I might also remind you, though you have
not mentioned it in your letter, that certain
difficulties arose on April 14, the day before j
j the primaries, which were held in preparation j
! for the convention, at which the Rev. Benja- |
I mm Hudelson carried out his combination
I with John D. Spreckels. Henry F. Marshall
had made an affidavit on At>ril 2, setting forth
the corrupt proposition, namely, that Hudel- I
son and the other leaders of the A. I. A. i
i should sell the order to John D. Spreckels. I
! There is nothing substantial in that affidavit I
- which you did not know in January and j
jto which you do not now testily. The j
I affidavit gays that a combination of the
i leading A. P. A.'s had ageed to sell the oraer.
I Your letter says the same. The affidavit says
I that the terms were $50,000, more or less;
j your letter says the same. The affidavit says
that Marshall spoke to you on the proposition; I
your letter says the same. The affidavit says
that Marshall got a letter from Hudelson
authorizing him to act; your letter says the
same.
Before the Republican primaries in this
City the threat was made to publish that
affidavit in the Monitor. In order to prevent
the execution of that threat the affidavit was
i stolen on the 10th of April, and four aays ,
j afterward Marshall was beaten within an iuch I
of his life. As the matter is still sub judice I I
shall not mention where or by whom.
I Now I wish to inquire: Is it not true that •
it was the threat to publish—
The combination between the Rev. |
Renjamin Hudelson and others to sell the
! A. P. A., and
Second— The subsequent corrupt proposition
made to you by Marshall in the January of
this year.
Was it not the threat to publish these things
that caused the stealing of the documents con
taininc the expose and the subsequent loss of
Marshall's front teeth?
Moreover, while I do not wish to protract |
! this letter beyond reasonable limits, as a mat- I
ter of commou morality I should like an ex- j
planation of the fact that though you knew
that the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson and Henry
¥. Marshall were engaged in this corrupt
proposition to sell out the A. P. A. you still
permitted the said Rev. Benjamin F. Hudelson
to appear in your columns as a representative
of the anti-Catholic side of the controversy
and that you retained Henry F. Marshall, who
admitted to you that he was a corrupt politi
cian, in your employ until after the episode of
the front teeth ia tne following April 7
HUDELSON'S CHARGE.
The last and most terrible charge brought
against you In the Monitor was that you were
to be seen and induced to send Marshall as a
spy into Catholic institutions. Concerning
this you say that you know nothing about it,
and tUat you were never approached directly
or indirectly on the matter. While I credit
your denial permit me to express my wonder
that you have been able to give such a gentle
answer to such an awful charge. Let me re
mind you thnt this is the explanation of the
tintype letter given by the man who wrote it.
Let me remind you that this explanation is
given to shield Hudelson from the charge that
he was in treaty with John D. Spreckels
to sell the A. P. A. Le t me remind
you that Hudelson shields himself by
saying that "he was satisfied" you would
be guilty of a crime from which the meanest of
mankind might shrine. Let me remind you
tnat this explanation is given not by Marshall
or Ro»s or Owen or Brewer, but by the Rev.
Benjamin Hudleson. Let me remind you that
the charge is one which could only emanate
from a corrupt heart and a vicious brain and
then permit me to wonder that you have
treated the Rev. Benjamin Hudleson with
such distinguished consideration. Once upon
a time I remember you were accused of dis
charging a little boy because his father was an
Apaist. Then your indignation swept forth
like a name, and in a maniy letter you pro
claimed your independence and defied bigotry
to do its worst. Now, however, the Rev. Beu
jamin Hudelson makes you the scapegoat of
his iniquities, and when I read your letter I
thought of the familiar words Quantum mu
latis lib Mo.
Now, therefore, let me ask you: Do you con
sider that the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson is a
reputable citizen and a credible witness?
And if you think he is worthy of credit what
have you to say to his explanation that he
wrot« the tintype letter under the conviction
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1896.
that you would appoint Marshall to be a spy
upon the doings of Catholic ladies?
SUMMARY.
In your letter you "brand each and all of the
statements made by these men in any wise re
flecting upon me or my friends, or charging
me or them with any moral or political wrong
doing, as absolutely and unqualifiedly false."
I have merely put the statements into the form
of questions for your convenience and only ask
a straight answer to them.
I group them here so that you may see at a
glance what the charges are:
I.
Is it true after Marshall had made this cur
rupt proposition, namely that Hudelson and
the other leaders of the A. P. A. would sell out
the order for! £50,000 more or less— is it true
that you then referred said Marshall to
John D. Spreckels, the local leader of the Re
publican party «•
11.
Is it true that at the Sacramento Republican
Convention the A. P. A. faction headed by the
Rev. Benjamin Hudelson co-operated with
John D. Spreckels and controlled the con
vention ?
111.
Is it true that this co-operation was the re
result of a combination between the Rev.
Benjamin fluriieson und John D. Spreckels
by whicn as proposed by Marshall in January
the Key. Benjamin Hudleson agreed to throw
the solid A. P. A. vote to the side of John D.
Spreckels*
IV.
Was it not the threat to publish
First— The combination between the Rev.
Benjamin Hudelson and others to sell the A.
P. A., and
Second — The subsequent corrupt proposition
made to you by Marshall in the January of
this year?
Was it not the threat to publish these facts
that caused the stealing of the documents
containing the expose on the 10th of April
and the loss of Marshall's front teeth four days
later?
V.
Can you explain the fact that though you
knew that the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson and
Henry F. Marshall were engaged in this cor
rupt proposition to sell out the A. P. A. you
still permitted the said Rev. Benjamin F.
Hudelson to appear in your columns as a rep
resentative of the anti-Catholic side of the
controversy and that you retained Henry F.
Marshall, who admitted to you that he was a
corrupt politician, in your employ until after
the episode of the front teeth in the following
April?
VI.
Do yon consider that the Rev. Benjamin F.
Hudelson la a reputable citizen and a credit
able witness?
VII.
It you think that the said Benjamin F. Hud
elson is worthy of credit what have you to say
to his explanation that he wrote the tin-type
tettet under the conviction that you would ap
point Marshall to be a spy upon the doings ot
Catholic ladies?
I await your answer with confidence. You
have signed yourself "Yours for religious and
political tree'dom," and I cannot conceive an
American journalist having other sentiments.
It is sad indeed that these sentiments have
been so long concealed, but I am convinced
that the day is at hand when they must be ren
dered vocal. Ido not believe that the patriot
ism of this City will suffer the reproach to lie
! longer at our doors that this is the only town of
[ the first class in the Union in which no great
dally morning paper has dared to speak for
! freeiiom of conscience. Now that the ufter cor-,
ruption of the A. P. A. has been exposed journal
i>ts may pick up heart of grace. Better late
i than never is a true saying, aud the friends of
1 religious liberty will not forget it to him who
shall prove the'pioneer. When one shall lead
the way the others must follow. Religious lib
erty is the very foundation of Americanism, and,
tho'ueh bigotry may mge, the fathers builded
the foundation stronger than hate. The day
is at hand when the people will be ashamed
that such a society as the A. P. A. could have
existed, and in that day many a man will
curse and swear and say of its members, I
never knew them. Yours truly,
Peter C. Yorke,
Editor of the Monitor.
San Francisco, August 12, 1896.
FOR HILBORN AND FRICK,
Two Meetings Held to Choose
Delegates to Ec
Voted On.
The Primary Will Be Held on Satur
day Next— Those Who
Were Named.
ALA ME DA, Cal., Aug. 12.— Two Re-
I publioan meetings were held to-night to
select six Congressional delegates to be
voted on at the primary on Saturday,
| August 15. One was held by the Alameda
i club in Tucker Hall in the interest of
I Judpe Frick. The other was held by the
• regular Republican club in Linderman
I Opera-house in the interest of Congress
| man Hilborn.
Hon. J. N. Young presided over the last
meeting, assisted by seventy vice-presi
dents, whose names included most of the
! representative men in the city.
There were over 150 present, and while
i a committee were preparing resolutions
Colonel Dickinson addressed the meeting
j on the responsibility devolving on every
■ voter in the County and State at the pres
i ent crisis. "One man may be cottage
j born, another palace born, while another
' may be valley bern, but we are for Hil
i born first, last and all the time. We are
here to take steps to nominate him be
cause he is the personal friend of the most
progressive City in the most progressive
I County in the most progressive State in
the world, namely, Alameda."
Dr. McLean spoke and among other.;
eulogistic remarks said Alameda County
would suffer more by not returning Hil
born than he would suffer by losing the
! fight. The committee on resolutions
| tabled one in favor of Hilborn because he
, had always been in favor ,of legislation
I benehcial to ail classes; because he
i brought about the continuous contract
I system for the completion of the tidal
; canal; because of his services in opposing
j the funding bill and because of his ex
| perience in Congress it would be suicidal
i to displace him for one who must begin at
the bottom of the ladder. A nominating
committee chose Herman Cordes, E. B.
Dunning, G. M. Leavitt, Ed Houston, T.
W. Leydecker and James W. Ti avers as
the six delegates to be placed on the ticket
next Saturday.
The Alameda Republican Club meeting
i was presided over by George H. Payne,
j and when K. K. Taylor proposed that the
club proceed to nominate delegates at
once W. A. Phillips, C. K. Field and
Alex. Mackie questioned the right of any
club to take a band in the tight of any
candidate, and suggested adjourning. E.
K. Taylor said that the advisory commit
tee had unanimously resolved to issue a
call for the express purpose of making
nominations, and no body of men was
more competent to determine who should
go to Congress than this club. The fol
lowing names were then chosen to be
placed on the ticket: George R. Miller,
F. J. Fletter, F. D. Brownine, C. F.
Fischer, W. P. Dillon, A. R. Denke.
SWINGING THE MAY POLE.
Two Boys Seriously Injured at Golden
Gate I'nr...
John Duckgeiscbel of 72 Natoma street
and Willie Bose of 58 West Mission street
along with other pupils attending St. Bon
iface school went to the children's play
grounds at Golden Gate Park yesterday to
spend a day's vacation.
The two boys were swinging on a May
pole and John's rope got tangled up and
becoming frightened he jumped to the
ground, fracturing his right leg. Willie
lost his head and fell, sustaining a lacer
ated wound of the scalp. Both boys were
taken to the Receiving Hospital in the
ambulance and iJr. Fitzgibbon attended to
them.
The Transfer Ordinance.
When Frankie Degener, the newsboy, ap
peared for sentence before Judge Joachimsen
yesterday for violating the transfer ordinance
Attorney O'Grady moved for a new trial and
for arrest of judgment, which was denied.
The Judge then sentenced Frankie to pay a
fine of $5 or go to the County Jail for five days.
Attorney O'Grndy gave notice of appeal and
filed the necessary bonds. The intention is to
test the constitutionality of the transfer or
dinance.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS- ' ■'.'
I /-^ir^^rf^a THREE OF THE i
I /^^*s<^^B BUSIEST LINEN 1
1 fW*<^>- \m*St> SELLING DAYS 1
B I\% *^$^$§^ /%! aJvx^ IN OUR HISTORY HAVE JUST PASSED.
6\ r\ %)r\s><^h ■ Three More Ahead 1
\ I Y^JL rs cSs>^ I^X Thousands and thousands of yards— got where 3
B. \V W y / A^V^ /^\\ linens grow— retailing at less than usual jobber's
g \A^ :^^ r Z^ J%^= J THE EXHIBITION OF NEW FALL DRESS |j
B N^ "<7\ ~±J* *~*r~~~? GOODS attracts and interests great numbers — and 3
B. » _^^^ v with the Linen Sale and Dress Goods exhibit comes 3
B  ' a big sale of 2
I TZ, IST A 3ST T S. !
% The Dress Goods PPMMAIVT CAf C Pricelets From 3
£ Exhibition. l\CiiTll>l/\l> I Bargainopolis. 3
Jt: To the Left of Main Entrance — mi _ _ j rr<* rv Some little nrices to heln out
B Full ,cn th of Store-Exhibition The Next Three DaVS. ouTßi "Line- IS IS M? SI- 3
~Z of Fall Novelties. •/ . partment. 12
B PLA sSfiS^SSL%^aS B iS A Remnant is suited to everybody but the ""SK^S^S™^?* 12k 1
B ■Si i a to .^ D ,S£ io i n -^.-%ffi sOc last comer and there wasn't enough for her. 3^ go . odm^^\ on . sal . c ::: 0&£
% FAx"v e nKuxTON.^i^cLE wor- Yard There is nothing so sure to be the best as a B P k f n c d H iVd^e^n7a?e he 17c \2l c \
% S^^SSSTSS^^lSffl- 7 r remnant. • - y ~^.:v:- .« d 3
£ inuUZ^n%ncl°! ea J'.T. d !: SS See them at the Dress Goods counter— table oilcloth, 1* yards wide; lOrs 3
i^- r t <■,■-,- the 20c grade ; on sale l^C :^
£ I^^a c S2£?.fflSSfe 7t z n large and juicy ones, resembling the half of a •••• - = :.•
g o^?imrodSn^!'^¥ ?aS mince pie which Johnnie tried to convince his e^f h^Zro^ie^l\.^. 5c 3
FANCY TWO-TONED CHEVIOT SUIT- mother W3S 3. Remnant. • '-•• '..'.'...'.'.'.'. Yard
fc- • ING NOVELTIES for fall and win- • _. -*»
%Z ter, newest color combinations, OOpC p Remnants Of C3-JT T^- C 2 WHITE CHECK NAINSOOK— worth CT _ =^»
B very heavy, 44-inch. Introduction OOC ivciiiiiailis UI K^J_XJK.S, double; on sale OC -^
price Yard ... /"">< -J Yard :^
;fc FALL OF '96 CHEVIOT SUITING— -I— /PSSS V-^"OOQ_S, '—— ' j^J
SH Fancy worsted mixed designs, 50- QH- \ '■ \-±-^~~'' • •_ • r-* <-» j — •
i SSaSStIS^ YaS . Dimities, r Fancy Goods 3
E Wonderful Percales, and Notions. 3
r= vvunueriui i-nccici^ -^^^^^^ ' SUPERIOR TORCHON LACE, 2^, A- =5
in Furnishings. -LjlXj.ej-J.S, inches wide; one pattern on sale 2S -3
LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, fast |Q1- - OJ"PQ Q"h •■••••••• .^^..... ......... _^
tr- color, good quality and seamless, l^'Zy V^AOiOlXj BROWNIE LUNCH BASKETS— 1 A -. ~ mm
spiked heels and toes; on sale at Pair ""CHI «-» -%r\ -— . —.-I «— best lunch basket there is; on IT"C ~^i
ZZ GENTS' CAMELS-HAIR WOOL J? -LS,IXXi©±S, sal Each
ISP- MIXED UNDERWEAR, heavy CO<-» T _ —-.----.
quality, silk bound; Shirts and OUC JL-I£LO©S LADIES' DERBY GLOVES— 4 large AAr* ~^
S^ Drawers; on sale at Garment . —«— '^^; pearl buttons, in • tans ; sizes, 6, T*T*C/ — «
LADIES' CALICO WAISTS, laundered Of- " IRJ-TOIDOriS <% 6* <% and T^on sale Pair
•*_ collar and cuffs; dots and stripes; OJU TPt-v-i -Y^-nr^i r4 a-n^r „_.„ __.„ F AN , c ; Y W0RK " 18 12^C — *•
»= cut right; OK at 50c; on sale Each ~ i T I V- < r 1 T'fi I /-=! /=vt»tt SCRIM FOR F worth a quarter; on IQlp^
° , ~ ■ r T 1 Lirfji Cl P-* T* XX inches wide; worth a quarter; on \£*l\*
St: LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, „ *-. iw* wivb^j. jr . gale ._.. ;< Yard :S
all in ecru, jersey ribbed, H. N. L. The eai*lv COlTier^ O*ef" the rhniff Stnti mjll^P — ~^
£= 8.. heavy quality, fleeced ; draw OO r * lIC C< * rl UUIUCri gCI LIIC UlUJte tITIO ImiaKe .. SANDO W'' PINS— IOO in a paper; O l^
£ g hVdamagedTons^ e flf . ty^^ a handsome saving. &ss ? o *™™??™: ™. *??:::::;.?££> 3
B WE CLOSE EVERY SATURDAY EVENING AT 6:00 O'CLOCK. 3
, ■*■ JL ■feriL ■iiiiimmiyill mJLhhJ linn f iiiiiipT\jir %__jiir r>ii_r mi
Sf (INCORPORATED), ji •;'.";, - : 3
B 93 -94 TS/LJiLFLI*L.ttT STREET. 3
A GREAT AND
POPULAR LEAGUE,
Republican Organization
That Will Reach All
Voters.
READY FOR CAMPAIGNS.
The Local National Republican
League Completes Its Or
ganization.
A DRILL CORPS TO FOLLOW.
Every Precinct and District Will Be
Organized and Worked by the
New Agency.
The new National Republican League
Club completed its organization in the
rooms of the Union League Club last even
ing and squared away for campaign work
in a manner that promises a remarkably
successful and important career.
This new organization is going to leap
into great campaign prominence at once,
and it will be the most influential and ex
tensive voluntary campaign agency in a
popular way in the City. The scope, aims
and prospects of the club were made fur
ther apparent in the proceedings last even
ing after President Tirey L. Ford had
called to order the assemblaee of over 200
of the members.
The attendance was representative of
the best elements and most enthusiastic
and influential workers in the party and
included many workingmen as well as
well-known citizens prominent in business
and professional life. Secretary Eugene
F. Bert assumed the duties of his office
and many members of the Union League
Club who were active in starting the club
were in attendance.
It was the third meeting and its pur
pose was mainly to perfect organization
and consider permanent headquarters.
H. C. Dibble, chairman of the committee
on vice-presidents, named an additional
one, Henry Leffman of the Thirty-third
District, ana the committee was given
further time to nil the remaining va
cancies.
President Ford appointed by districts
the following men, who with the presi
dent, secretary and treasurer, will com
pose the executive committee to have
direction of the important campaign work
of the club:
Twenty-eighth District, William a Russell;
Twenty-ninth, D. J. Crowley; Thirtieth, James
A. Sharp; Thirty-first, J. F. McGlynn; Thirty
second, Thomas C. Duff; Thirty-third, Frank
J. Mitchell; Thirty-fourth, James D. Wiseman;
Thirty-fifth, John D. Paly; Thirty-sixth,
Charles F. Bastett; Thirly-seventh, E. T. Don
nelly; Thirty-eighth, Mark Sheldon; Thirty
ninth, Will E. Fisher; Fortieth, George R.
Fletcher; Forty-first, George H.Walker; Fortv
second, T. C. Mastellar; Forty-third, S. W.
Backus; Forty- fourth, Dr. W. G. Shankey;
Forty-fifth, Zenas D. Dodge.
The president said that this committee
contained but one attorney and one capit
ist; that it had been selected with much
care and that it had a great and a serious
work to do.
The club is entitled to two delegates at
the National convention of league clubs
at Milwaukee, beginning on the 25th inst.,
and on motion of H. C. Dibble, who said
that his nominee would attend, Colonel
George Stone, president of the Union
League Club, was elected by acclamation.
President Ford was nominated as the
accompanying delegate, but said that it
was impossible for him to co the conven
tion, which would be a highly important
one, representing a total league club mem
bership of about 800,000. The president
was authorized to appoint the additional
delegate, if one who would attend were
found.
The committee on headquarters re
ported in favor of locating in two very
large rooms in the Pioneer building and
the matter was referred to the executive
committee.
Although no systematic efforts to secure
members have yet been made, the roll
contains about 400 names, many being
added last night. The dues are "but 50
cents a month, and the membership is ex
pected to reach into the thousands. S. K.
Thornton reported that he had easily se
cured sixty names, representing leading
business men and manufacturers and their
employes.
The matter of organizing a large drill
corps was brought up, and President Ford
said that the executive committee would
promptly take up the feature.
Dan T. Cole, chairman of the finance
committee, made a speech urging Repnb-
I licans who were able to give to provide
the money that would be needed.
H. C. Dibble said that the executive
committee siiould arrange a grand rally
before the formal opening of the cam
paign by the State Central Committee.
Oscar Lewis urged that the executive
committee should" look carefully after the
oreanization of precinct and district clnbs
all through the City, and President Ford
said that was one of the chief purposes of
the organization.
The league proposed to keep aloof from
all factions to reach out into every pre
cinct in the City and to afford opportunity
for holding meetings in every possible
place.
To-morrow evening the executive com
mittee will meet at the Union League
Club witn the finance committee. At this
important meeting plans would be formu
lated, sub-committees appointed and head
quarters decided upon.
The club adjourned to the call of the
chair.
TOO MUCH EXPENSE.
Dr. Morse's Schenie of Sewer- Flashing
Is Discouraged by Eminent
Engineers.
The schenie of flushing the sewers of
San Francisco, concocted by Dr. Morse of
the Board of Health as a sanitary meas
ure, has been given a death blow by the
report of Professor George H. Davidson
and Charles E. Grunsky, the engineer,
which says that such a procedure would
from present existing conditions be well
nigh useless. The engineers say that to
do the job in anything like a thorough
manner would require a large outlay of
money and that the results would not
justify the expense.
The advice is given not to attempt the
flushing unless in times of threatened
epidemics.
Failed to Pay the Tax.
Warrants were yesterday issued for the ar
rest of H. R. Attmen and J. W. de Witt, liquor
dealers, for failure to pay the special taxes due
June 1. There are about fifty other dealers
who will be arrested if the tax is not paid
within the next three days. The law fixes a
penalty of not less than $100 nor more than
$5000 and imprisonment for not less than
thirty days or more than two years for each
offense.
The Divorce Court-
Judge Slack yesterday granted a divorce to
Kate Goldstein from Joseph Goldstein because
of the latter's failure to provide. Alimony of
$25 a month and custody of minor children
were awarded to plaintiff.
Thk King of Pill's ia Beecham's— Bejcchau's.
VERY MUCH
PLEASED
When he reads what his wife
can save him by buying from
RATHJEN BROS.
SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEK:
OUR MOTHER'S MUSH, 4 pkgs. .. OjrC
Regularly 3 for 25c. "^
Very delicious ; cooks quick.
HEINZ'S SWEET PICKLES, 18 oz. 9»rC
Pint
Regularly 40c.
PORT AND SHERRY. bot. OKC
Regularly 50c. °°
Choicest "Native Wines. 3 bots. $1.00
CROSSE & BLACKWELL'S JE C
QUEEN OLIVES qts. *±O
Regularly 65c.
ECLIPSE CHAMPAGNE pints. CAC
Regularly 75c. UXJ
RATHJEN BROS,,
21 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
Telephone Main 5533.
3253 FILLIORE ST., COR. LOMBARD.
Telephone West 153.
WRITE FOR AUdUST CATALOOUE.
CALIFORNIA LEATHER,
CALIFORNIA SHOES,
| For California Children.
THE BIG BHOE FACTORY Is still headqua*
ters for Children's shoos Nothing but solid
leather In the make-up of these shoes— STAN-
DARD GOODS— nothing shoddy at the Big
Shoe Factory. You can depend upon this.
SOME PRICES:
Children's Pebble Button, with A. G. tip,
which nerer wears out 75c and $0 95
Misses' sizes 115
Youths' Genuiue Hungarian Calf Lace! Don"-
gola top, pointed toes and tip 1 15
Same in but tons % 15
Tan color, same quality 115
Boys' Tans x 25
The Big Hoe~ Factory,
581-583 Market St. '
Store doses 6:30 P. M. Saturdays 10 P. M
milkforsall
20 TO 50 CANS PER DAY.
APPLY AT 307 BATTERY STREET.
AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY... ...AUGUST 18. 1806
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Golden Gate Park Property.
s.^;^?^ No 616 * nd 618 a) of Lott 8t - lt>o «*"
S. of Fulton; improvements consist of two French
flats (bay-windowed) of 6 and 6 rooms and bath-
full rents $46; cable and electric roads: two blocks
to Golden Gate Park: lot 25x106:8 feet; also ad-
joining lot on holt St., 25x106:3 feet.
Business Location.
NW. line of BraDnan «t.. 122 feet BW. of Second'
improvements consist of house of 10 rooms and
bath; this location is wanted for Industrial ana
mechanical purposes, and must enhance In value
rapidly within a year or two: street Id basal t rock-
sidewalk cement stone: S'J:6xlO7:6and 80 feet. '
Pacific Heights Residence T,ot.
S. line of Green st., 83:6 feet E. of Scott: this ele-
gant residence lot as worthy the attention of any
gentleman desiring to build a home for his family
The surroundings are exceedingly pleasant : beau-
tiful architectural residences abound In this loca-
tion; grand marine view; cable and electric roads-
examine this: must be sold; lot 27x127:6 to
passage-way.
Tenement Building. Fifteenth Street,
near Noe.
N. line (No. 2176) of 15th st. 105 feet E. of Noe;
a two-story bay-windowed building of '1 tenements;
6 rooms and laundry downstairs, 5 room* and bath'
upstairs; Castro, Hafght and Fillmorelst. cars;
only a half block from Martet st. : street and side-
walk in bituminous rock; lot 35x114.
Mission— Large Corner Lot. •
SE. corner of Church and 21st sts. (8. 8987);
cottage of 5 rooms; streets In good condition; ex-
amine this; must he sold; good car accommoda-
tion; large, elegant lot, 52x125.-
Castro Heights Residence Lots.
N. side of Elizabeth St.. 105 feet K. of Castro; 3
handsome residence lots; command a fine view;
good location; street macadamized and sewered;
Castro-sU cable and 24th-st. electric; lots 26x114. .
,'. Tenement Property.
NE. line (Xos. 357 and 359) of Dore St., 315 feet
SE. of Bryant (bet- 9th and 10th): 3-story build-
ing containing 6 tenements; central location: al-
ways rented; street in Hue condition; electric-cars
on Bryant st.: lot 25x85.
Outside Land Block 1093.
S. side of Golden Gate Park, fronting R St., 30th
and 31st ayes., comprising 42 city lots.
Castro Height* Residence Corner.
NW. cor. of Ocean road and' Silver alley, run-
ning through to Falcon road: is on the extension
of 23d st. • and but 2 blocks W. of Doug-
lass and «4th-st. electric road; large corner lot;
50x111.
Alabama, and Twentieth Streets Lots.
W. line of Alabama St.. 182:1 ■S. of 20th: alio
lot 208:1 8. of '20th: 2 large building lots: street
sewered and macadamized: electric roads; lots
25:11x100. '
Park-Lane Tract, Slap No. 5.
4 building lots on lower terrace; these lots are a
short distance N. of 17th'st. and a short distance •
W. of Castro and 17th sts.; cable and electric
roads; lots 25x1 and 26x74.
EASTON. ELDBIDGS & CO.,
638 Market St.. Auctioneers.
vMßu^nHfir 'MX. z3 - Ju
#*RNYSv
18 THE VERY litil' OiVK TO .KXAMtSB
your eyes and lit mem to Spectacles and Kfs>
glasses with : instruments of ; his own Inveati ja.
wfcosesaperiorliy t»» dog been equaled, jifjr 44*?
I wtihas been due to the merit* w my w«4
itthG* iioux*— Vi to 4 *•• M. -