VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 59.
BEGINNING oF
THE CAMPAIGN,
Republican Speakers Will
Take the Field Next
Week.
WARM WORK EXPECTED
Nebraska Voters to Be Instructed
on the Financial
Question.
SCHOOLS TO BE ESTABLISHED.
Southern Merchants Who Formerly
Were Free Traders Will Sop
port McKinley.
CHICAGO, 111., July 28.— William
Hahn of Mansfield, Ohio, ex-National
Committeeman and chief of the depart
ment of campaign speakers In 1892, ar
rived to-day at Republican National head
quarters to assume charge of the same
department. Mr. Hahn began nis duties
at once and will have speakers in the field
next week. He and Mr. Heath decideu to
leave the matter of vocal and instrumental
music of all kinds, as a campaign adjunct,
to the State and county committees.
Chaplain Lozier of lowa, the veteran
campaign singer, was the first caller on
Mr. Habn in search of engagement.
J. W. Johnson, an editorial writer from
Mr. Bryan's home, was engaged by Mr.
Heath to-day to write on political matters
which relate to the interests of "Nebraskans
only. He will work in Lincoln. He in-
formed Mr. Heath that arrangements
were being made by the State committee
of Nebraska to have a species of elemen
tary school to give lessons on the silver
issue in all the towns of the State, to be
operated by competent teachers day and
night.
The Republican College league of Clubs,
like the Republican National League of
fice, is to be merged with the National
headquarters here and in New York for
campaign purposes. Most of the work
will be done in the central Western States
and the distinctive organization of the
league by States and departments will be
prosecuted with vigor at once.
William R. Moore of Memphis, who was
a member of the forty-sevewth Congress,
called to say a lew word^about Tennessee
and other Southern States. To a United
Press reporter Mr. Moore said: "The
political conditions in Tennessee are pe
culiar this year. Lifelong Democrats in
Memphis, who are prominent merchants
and manufacturers, have come out for
.McKinley. These are of the old South,
not tne new, and it means much for the
change in public sentiment through the
South. The idea of protection is very
strong there, but the new converts qualify
. their statements by saying, 'I am not for
McKinleyism.' These men were rabid
free traders."
BOTH ARE VITAL ISSUES.
Chatrmnn Banna Say* Sound Money
and Protf-ction Go Hand in Hand.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 28. -M. A.
Hanna, chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee, arrived to-day. He
had a lone consultation with the Republi
can leaders here. Headquarters for the
East were located in the Metropolitan In
surance Company building, in Madison
Square. The executive committee will
meet to-morrow.
To-night, in conversation with a United
Press representative, Mr. Hanna said that
hie position and Major McKinley's posi
tion was that the financial question and
the tariff question must go hand in hand.
They both recoenized, he said, that the
money question was a leading issue and
one that the Republican party would have
to meet. The kind of money the country
would have to use was only one part of
the question. Another part was the rais
ing of money to meet the expenses of the
Government.
"To put it briefly," he said, "our posi
tion is in favor oi sound money and a pro
tective tariff; and mind," he added, em
phatically, "I do not mean a high tariff
by any means."
He said, further, that their policy would
be to preserve the currency on a sound
basis of gold and at the same time to raise
sufficient money to defray all expenses of
the Government.
: As to the true position of Mr. McKinley
on the financial question Mr. Hanna
seemed anxious to be clear. He said be
wanted to impress on the minds of the
business men of the East the fact that the
managers of the Republican cambaign
were fully alive to the importance of tbe
great financial interests involved in the
currency question, but that both he and
McKinley thought the financial question
could be separated from the question of
tariff and tlie raising of sufficient revenue
• for tbe needs of the Government.
Mr. Harma expressed himself as de
sirous of talking freely and fully to the
public through the newspapers, and he
means to do so as soon as the other mem
bers of the National Committee arrive and
he has a chance to confer with them.
ALLISON TO AID McKINLEY.
The lowa Henator Mill Speak at Home
and Whererrr Els' He I* Wanted.
CHICAGO. 111., July 28.— Benator Alli
son came from his lowa home to-day and
stopped in Chicago on his way to an East
ern summer resort, where he will stay two
or three weeks, preparing himself physi
cally for active participation in the politi
cal campaign. In his room at the Audi
torium annex, the Senator received some
personal and political friends, among them
being Chief Heath of the National Publi
cation and Printing Bureau, with whom
he conferred as to plans for the most effec
tive campaign literature to be sent to the
electors of lowa.
•'The f r- c silver question is an old one,"
said the Senator. "It is the underlying
principle of greenbackism. It has been
discussed in one phase or another in cam
r>ak':is- for years. 1 have found some sil
The San Francisco Call.
r«i sentiment among the Republicans
of my State, chiefly among the farmers,
but it will be overcome with plenty of good
literature and by the arguments of speak
ers among the wavering ones. They will
be found voting right on election day and
I have no doubt that lowa will give its
electoral vole for Major McKinley. Of
course the Republicans cannot quietly sit
down and await victory. It will not come
that way. I have found and learned of
many Democrats among the farmers and
in the cities who are going to vote for Mc-
Kinley because of rhe Republican declara
tion for sound money. I shall take the
stump in lowa after returning from the
East, and speak outside the State if I am
wanted."
CLEVELAND CAPITULATES.
Be Will Allow file- Holder* to Support
the Chicago Somineen.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 28.-Bena
ator Harris' statement that Mr. Gorman
will be elected chairman of the Demo
cratic executive committee is a surprise to
those persons to whom Mr. Gorman has in
the past repeatedly declared that he would (
not accept a position on any committee.
It has been known and frequently stated
in these dispatches that Mr. Gorman
would practically manage the campaign
for Senator Jones and the coterie of aged
Democratic Senators who have always
loosed to the Maryland Senator to carry
into practical execution the plans con
cocted in the Democratic conference- room.
Mr. Gorman's fine management has been
seen in the postponement of the original
date of notification and the selection of
Washington for headquarters, and his
advice will be sought before any impor
tant step will be taken. It was generally
understood that Mr. Jones was to be
chairman of the executive committee, as
he is manager of the campaign. '
Senator Lindsay paid a hurried visit
here to-day, leaving again to-night. He
was one of the most ardent cuckoos in the
Senate, but will support the regular Demo
cratic ticket.
Representative Berry, who took Mr.
Carlisle's seat in the House and has al
ways been his faithful understudy, was
here to-day. He too announces that he is
for the regular ticket. It is inferred that
both these intimate friends of Mr. Carlisle
are in accord with the Secretary's views,
and that he will also vote the straight
ticket. It is now intimated that President
Cleveland is disappointed at the lack of
enthusiasm shown by his Cabinet for a
third ticket, and that he will take no pub
lic hand in the matter, permitting all his
office-holders to act according to their
own will.
Secretary Smith will preside at a Bryan
i Bewail ratification meeting in Atlanta
immediately after the notification meet
ing has been held at the Madison-square
Garden early next month. Senator Gor
man will preside at a similar meeting in
Laurel about the same time.
BRYAN IS SILENT.
He Jif/ium* to Talk About Accepting the
.  . Populiatie -Nomination.
LINCOLN, Nebb.. July 28.— Senator
Petrigrew of South DuKota, one of the
bolting silver Republicans, was tae only
prominent caller at the Bryan residence
to-day. He took midday dinner with Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan and spent some hours
with the nominee talking over the political
situation. Mr. Bryan is still silent as to
his intentions with regard to the Populist
nomination. He is taking nobody in Lin
coln into his confidence on the subject.
Opinion here differs as to what he will do,
but the general understanding is that no
decision was to be reached until after
Senator Jones, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, has consulted with
the Populist leaders as to the best course
to pursue. While in Chicago, Mr. Bryan
expressed to the National Committee his
desire to be guided by its advice, and while
he has his own opinions, he appears willing
to allow his political advisers to arrange
matters in a way that will be advantageous
to the free coinage cause. His statement
of last night showed bis desire for harmony
between all factions devoted to silver.
Mr. Bryan spent a short time at Demo
cratic headquarters this afternoon, but
did nothing beyond shaking hands with a
number of people there. He walked down
O street, the main thoroughfare of Lincoln
on his way home, and spoke to many old
friends on the way. Large photographs
of Mr. and Mrs. Bryan were sent to Mr.
and Mrs. Sewall to-day.
COLORADANN IS DOUBT.
Do JVot Knout Whether to ' Support Me-
Kinley or Bryan.
DENVER, Col., July 28 —The Republi
can State Central Committee will meet to
morrow to arrange time and place for
holding the State convention to nominate
State officers and Presidential electors. •.
Interest in this meeting is keen, because
of a wide difference of opinion upon the
subject of officially indorsing the St. Louis
or the Chicago nominees. Senator Wol
cott's following wants the committee to
morrow, by resolution," to declare that
only such voters as will pledge themselves
to support the Republican National plat
form and ticket will be eligible to vote at
the primaries. By such means it is
thought the State convention will name
McKinlev electors. V,;
The Wolcott followers to-night assert
that they have a majority of the commit
tee. On the other hand there are two dif
ferent ideas extant, one to indorse Demo
cratic electors and one to waive all discus
sion of the question, leaving it to the State
convention to decide.
THE YOUNG MEN'S CHAMPION.
Major McKinley Aam red of Support by
A*bra*ka "Fir*t Voter*."
LINCOLN, Nebb., July 28.— A McKin
ley First Voters' Club was organized here
to-night and the following message sent
to the Republican nominee: .[
Lincoln, Nebr., July 28.
Hon. William McKinliy. Canton, Ohio; The
McKinley First Voters' Club, organized this
evening with an enrollment of 200 enthusias
tic "firm voters," sends greeting to the arreat
champion of American protection and assures
him that in the home town oi the Democratic-
Populistic nominee for the Presidency he
may count on no fewer than 500 votes lrom
the young men who this fall will for the first
time have a voice in the election of a Presi
dent. Adam McMcllkn, President.
E. C. Folsom, Vice-president.
1. O. Beach ly. Secretary.
Aetc York* Third Party.
NEW YORK. N. V., July 28.— The
Democratic State Committee, at its meet
ing to-day, decided to hold a State conven
tion to nominate a State ticket and Presi
den tiai electors at Bdff alo on Septera ber 16.
There was no attempt made at the meet
ing to introduce resolutions relating to the
Chicago convention.
SAN FR4NCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 29, 1896.
NEVADA'S BANDIT
GENTLY REARED.
The Dead Road Agent Was
a Stepson of Theodore
Winters.
DISSOLUTE IN YOUTH.
Preferred a Reckless Career to
Life on the Millionaire's
Ranches.
HIS ACCOMPLICE ESCAPES.
Posses Re'urn From the Hunt With
out the Slayer of Sheriff
Douglass.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., July 28.-The
posse of sixty men which went out yester
day to search for the outlaw wfco killed
Sheriff Douglass on Sunday after the
officer had shot the bandit's accomplice
failed to find any trace of the fugitive.
Most of the men had returned by 11
The Late Davtd F. Douglas, Sheriff of
Nevada County.
o'clock last night, but some remained out
all night watching the roads and bridges
within a radius of twenty miles.
"Sleepy" Johnson, who was arrested
last night and is now in th« County Jail
here, is suspected of knowing something
about the hunted bandit. Johnson bor
rowed a pistol yesterday, saying he was
going out to look for the robber. Subse
quently he told other persons that he in
tended to go to North Bloomh>ld to work.
Late In the afternoon, while tbe officers
and posse were hunting for the outlaw
about a mile from town, some of the
party met Johnson coming in the direc
tion of town, fie said be bad met a man
up the oad who stopped him and
ordered hi i to turn around and. go back.
This information led them to believe that
possibly the man be met was the one they
were looking for. Soon a skirmish line
half a mile long was formed and men be
gan scouriug the country in the imme
diate neighborhood. After beating over
about a mile of rough, brushy ground and
finding no trace of any one they concluded
they had been sent on a wild goose chase.
Johnson was taken along to point out
the spot where he encountered the stran
ger. He acted strangely and the officers
deemed it advisable to arrest him. He has
been around town about a month. When
the bodies of Sheriff Douglass and the dead
roboer were being removed to town yester
day Johnson was present and seemed anx
ious that the robber should not be han
dled too roughly, he getting into the
wagon to steady the body-
Johnson was implicated in the stealing
of a bicycle from Mayor Ellis at Marys
ville some time ago, and was arrested near
this city and lodged in jail here. He has
a bad record.
It was learned to-day that C. Meyers,
the dead robber, was an adopted son of
Theodore Winters, the noted horseman
and stock breeder. Meyers formerly fol
lowed the racing circuits, but in the past
tew years be has been reckless and disso
lute. He went from M?.rvsville to Grass
Valley about the first of July in company
with two men named Davis and Jenks.
Both of these men have returned to
Marysviile, jenks getting back about three
weeks ago, and Davis reaching there only
a few days ago. They were seen at Grass
Valley by a person who had seen them at
Marysviile. The officers at the latter place
will probably detain Davis until he can
give a good account of himself.
Detective Thomas Gibson of San Fran
cisco arrived this morning and positively
identified tbe dead robber as the man who
held him up two weeks ago to-day <m the
San Juan road near this city while he was
driving from North San Juan in a buggy,
accompanied by Charles Sladky. Gibson
gave a good description of the man at the
time of the robbery, and said his rifle had
an ivory bead front sight. The rifle found
with the dead robber had an ivory sight.
People from different par s or the
county have identified the robber. Sam
uel CJine of Rouj h and Ready says Mey
ers ate supper at his house on July 8.
Meyers said he was going to Oroville on
the 9th. Cline went io work in a hay field,
locking his house. When he returned he
found the house broken inco and his rifle
and cartridge-belt gone.. He identified the
rifle found beside the outlaw as the one
taken from his place.
Meyers was buried here this afternoon.
Under Sheriff Pascoe returned to town
after 12 o'clock lust night, and all uneasi
ness as to his safety was dispelled. He
had taken a different route from the other
searchers and went alone, coming back by
way of Grass Valley.
The funeral of Sheriff Douglass will take
place to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock,
irom Armory Hall. It will be the largest
ever lield here. All business places here
and at Gra<s Valley will close while the
funeral is in progress, and a Rpeeial train
will be run from tbe latter town. To-day
all flags were floating at half mast in re
spect to bis memory. The funeral will be
held under the auspices of the Knights oi
Pythias and Native Sons.
Tne Sheriff's widow and little son ar
rived this morning from San Francisco by
special train.
REARED IN AFFLUENCE.
George Winter*' Career in California
and Nevada.
WOODLAND. Cal., July 28.— The hi_h
wayman killed by Sheriff Douglass in Ne
vada County was George \\ inters, a for
mer Yolo boy. Twenty years ago young
Winters lived with his stepfather, Theo
dore Winters, the well-known horse
breeder and millionaire, on the latter's
magnificent estate near the town of Win
ters, which was named in his honor. As
a boy he was continually committing mis
chief of all kinds. He was educated in
the common scuools, and when Theodore
Winters moved to Nevada he placed his
son in charge ot one of his stock ranches.
A prominent resident of this city who
resided in Nevada in the eighties is quite
familiar with George Winters' career in
the Silver State. Winters bore an unenvi
able reputation. He was reckless and
daring. In boundary disputes he showed
no mercy to settlers. An old man located
on a section of land a^joinins: Winters'
ranch, and his land was so located that
the Winters were compelled to drive stock
across it to reach their ranee. The aged
settler finally forbade them crossing his
land. In short tim? he was killed. It
was charged that young Winters employed
cowboys to murder him.
Winters was arrested, but discharged,
as the evidence was not sufficient to con
vict. It is said that one of the men who
killed the settler confessed a few years
ago, and said he was hired to commit the
deed by Winters. Winters continued in
charge of the ranches until a few years
a<ro. when he came to California, and his
acquaintances heard nothing of him until
the news of his killing by Sheriff Douglass
was received. He is described as having
been a remarkably fine-looKing man when
he was your.g.
CHRISTIAN HOMES RAZED
Mussulmans Burn Twelve Cretan
Villages and Desecrate
Churches.
Greece Notified That She Must Refuse
Aid to the Insurgents in
Macedonia.
LONDON, Eng.. July 28.— The Standard
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from its
correspondent in Berlin saying that the
powers have notified Greece that they will
withdraw all support from her if she con
tinues to assist the insurgents in Mace
donia.
The Daily News will to-morrow publish
a dispatch from its Athens correspondent
stating that Mussulmans have ourned
twelve Christian villages in the province of
Selino and Herakiion and desecrated many
churches.
The News will also publish an article
claiming authority for the statement that
the relatives of the Czar in England, Den
mark and Greece have submitted to the
Russian Emperor official documents bear
ing upon the atrocities committed in Tur
key, which liuve had the effect of allenat
ing his Majesty's sympathy with the
Turkish Government and have given rise
to the hope that concerted action will be
taken by the powers that will put an end
to tbe Turkish horrors.
St. Frtembitrrf'* Itcttitute Striker*.
LONDON, Enq., July 28.— The executive
committee of the Russian Free Press Fund
is mailing to-day to trades federations and
independent organizations in the United
States an appeal for funds for tbe support
of the 45,000 factory operatives who, since
the second week in June, have been on
strike at St. Petersburg. The strike attects
all tbe factories of the capital, and com
prises sKilied and unskilled men and
women in the textile, tobacco, sugar, metal
and other trades.
JAMESON MUST
WEAR THE STRIPES
The Transvaal Raider and
His Associates Are
Convicted.
LORD RUSSELL'S CHARGE
After Six Hours' Deliberation
the Jury Finds a Verdict
of Guilty.
SENTENCED TO VARIOUS TERMS
The Doctor Must Languish for Fifteen
Months, the Others Shorter
Periods
LONDON, Enq., July 28.— The case of
Dr. Jameson, Sir John Willoiighby, Major'
Raleigh Gray, Colonel H. F. White, Major
R. White and Hon. Henry F. Coventry,
who took prominent pans in the recent
raid into the Transvaal, was continued
this morning before Lord Chief Justice
Russell. Yesterday counsel for the defense
and prosecution submitted ;heir cases, and
at half-past 10 o'clock this morning Lord
Chief Justice began to sum up. Lord
Russell said there had been no attempt to
gainsay the statements of witnesses for the
prosecution, but if the jury had any real
doubt as to the nature of the defendants'
acts they must give them the benefit of it.
The jurors remained in their room until
s:2s o'clock, when they filed into the court
room and in response to a question by the
clerk announced that they had agreed
upon a verdict, which was "guilty,"
against all the defendants.
After the usual formalities had been
complied with the court sentenced Dr.
Jameson to fifteen months' imprisonment,
Major Sir John Willoiighby to ten months,
Colonel White to seven months and the
other defendants to three months' im
prisonment each. None of the prisoners
will be compelled to do hard labor during
their incarceration.
A large crowd had gathered outside the
courtroom to await the exit of the prison
ers, and cheered vociferously when they
made their appearance. Many shouts of
"Gcd bless yen!" were heard as the pris
oners were brought out on their way to
Holloway Jail, where they are to be con
fined temporarily.
Jameson and nis fellow-prisoners were
placed in cells in the jail, where they were
dressed in the garb of ordinary convicts
and received the common prison fare.
Their treatment will differ in no way irom
that of other prisoners unless their appeal
for first-class treatment be granted.
B. F. Hawkesley, Cecil Rhodes' solicitor,
has informed the Government that Mr.
Rhodes is ready to come td London to take
his trial, if it is desired that he should do
so.
Bicycle Manufacturer* Fail.
BOSTON, Mass., July 28.— The J. M.
Linscott CycJe Company has assigned.
No statement of the assets ana liabilities
has been made.
{3 PjfficE FIVE CENTS.
FUSION EFFORTS
FAIL IN INDIANA.
Populists Decline to Com
bine With the Dem
ocrats.
INDEPENDENCE DESIRED*
The St. Louis Platform and^
Nominees Half-Heartedly
Indorsed.
STATE OFFICERS NOMINATED.
Free Coinage and the Government
Ownership of Railroads Are
Advocated.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 27.— The
efforts of the Indiana Democratic leaders
to induce the State Populist Convention,
held to-day, to fuse on the Democratic
ticket, were defeated by an overwhelming
majority. While only 350 delegates were
present out of 1400 expected, it was ar
rangea in some manner so that votes were
cast for the absent ones.
When the convention was called to order
this morning, N. T. Butts was made tem
porary chairman, and after the appoint
ment of committees, a recess was taken.
On reassembling in the afternoon, Mr.
Landers, an Indianapolis Democrat was
recognized and made a speech, saying that
if the Populists would indorse the Demo
cratic ticket, they would be given repre
sentation on the legislative ticket, and thia
would insure a free silver Senator from
Indiana. After Mr. Landers had finished,
the permanent chairman. Dr. Motsinger,
said he did not consider it wise for the
Populists to allow their party to be swal
lowed up by the Democrats or any other
political body, and urged a separate ticket.
After much discussion, Delegate Wal
ters of Clinton County read a dispatch re
ferring to the Tennessee Populist conven
tion, and moved that a message be sent to
the Tennessee Populists saying that In*
diana indorses tbe work of the St. Louis
convention and the nominees there
named. A scene of great confusion fol
lowed, but Walters' motion carried 389 to
397. This was a great victory for the mid
dle-of-the-road men.
Chairman Motsinger thanked the con
vention and said: "There are enough.
Populists here to snow under all the fu
sionists in Christendom."
The platform was then read and adopted
with practical unanimity. It reaffirms de
votion to the essential principles of the
National platforms of 1892 and 1896, de
clares that our National affairs have
reached a crisis threatening the life of the
Republic, and says the contraction of the
National currency is the principal cause
of financial ills. The unrestricted coinage
of both gold and silver is demanded on
equal terms at the present legal ratio of 16
to 1, without waiting for the consent or
concurrent action ot foreign powers; also
the indiscriminate use of both the metals
in paying Government obligations, which
by law are paid in coin.
Government ownershiD of railroad,
telegraph and telephone lines is favored,
and an amendment to the constitution
demanded granting the privilege of direct
legislation through the initiative and.
referendum.
The platform concludes with the de
claration that "the People's party of In
diana is emphatically in favor of main
taining its organization, National, State
and local."
The State ticket nominated is a follows:
Governor, Thomas A. Wadsworth; Lieu
tenant-Governor, A. P. Hanna; Secretary
of State, Silas M. Holcomb; Auditor, N.
M, Jennings; Treasurer, J. F. S. Robin
son; Attorney-General, T. D. Fernandez.
It was after 11 o'clock this evening when
tbe convention took up the mooted ques
tion of what it should do about the Presi
dential electors. A. J. Johnson offered a
resolution that the convention appoint a
committee of one from each district,
clothed with full power to act for the
party. As Johnson was one of the leaders
of the "middle-of-the-road" faction, it "was
spposed that this would go through with
out friction. J. W. Newbern offered a
substitute doubling in size the committee
and giving it full power to arrange a
fusion of electors in filling vacancies on
the State ticket and fusing on Con
gressional and legislative tickets. Then a
wrangle started which lasted until I
o'clocs Wednesday morning. It was
ended by the adoption of Johnson's mo
tion refei ring the matter of electors to a
committee of thirteen with power to act.
TENNESSEE POPULISTS.
Fusion Overtures Made to Jtemocrats by
the State Convention.
NASHVILLE, Term., July 28.— The
Tennessee Populist Convention met here
at noon to-day. It was small in point of
attendance, there not being more than 130
delegates present and its proceedings were
watched with unusual interest by leaders
of the other two parties. Prominent Re
publicans and Democrats from all over the
State were here.
The convention indorsed the action of
the St. Louis convention, though there
Now Hood's Sarsaparilla. will do you great
good by purifying your blood, giving you
appetite, sweet, refreshing sleep.
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hrirvi'c Dillc are the only pills to take
L IIOOUS fills withHood'gSaisaparill*,.2
was a determined effort on the part of the
small minority against indorsing a Demo
cratic nominee for President. A full elec
toral ticket was named, with the full un
derstanding that if the Democrats would
agree to pull off three Democratic electors
the remaining Populist electors would be
withdrawn.
A. L. Mimms was nominated for Gov
ernor on the State platform, condemning
Democrats for seating Turney over H.
Clay Evans last year.
WILL POOL THEIR SPEAKERS.
Allied Silver Forces Will Hold Combina-
tion Alas«-Meetings.
DENVER, Col., July 23.— Leaving Kan
sas City yesterday morning at 10:55 I
came through Northern lowa and Colo
rado on the Chicago, Rock Island and
Pacific, making it a point to ascertain, in
an unobtrusive way, the sentiments of
people on the nominations made by the
Populists at St Louis. I have to relate
two incredible things: First, that I found
but one outspoken goldbug among the
many travelers on the train ; second, not
one in ten made the remotest reference to
the Vice-Presidential candidate. Great
interest was shown in the fact that Bryan
had been nominated by tne Populists and
1 never heard a doubt expressed all day
long as to bis election.
Continuing my review of the events
which made the second Populist Conven
tion just held at St. Louis significant and
unique above any other National conven
tion yet held in this country, and which
plainly indicates the inauguration of a
new era in our political history, I draw
attention now to the notable departure
in campaign work made at the great Dem
ocratic ratification meeting on Saturday
night at St. Louis, only a fe.v hours after
the Populist Convention had nominated
Bryan and adjourned. Note the signifi
cance of the tact that that meeting was
called and presided over by ths chairman
of the Democratic National Committee,
Senator Jones of Arkansas, it being the
first formal ratification meeting he has at
tended. We now come to note the speak
ers selected by the chairman to address
this chief Democratic ratification meeting.
First, we have an able and broadgauge ad
dress by Chairman Jones, which was con
spicuously free from partisan spirit. Then
came Bland, who spoke on Bland and sil
ver. These are two great Democratic
leaders. They were followed by Senator
Allen, chairman of the Populist National
Convention, which had just closed its
work and adjourned. He was introduced
as a Populist by Chairman Jones, and
made a Populist speech. He was followed
by C. E. Towne of Minneapolis, vice-chair
man ol the Silver convention, a silver Re
publican. Then came Senator Stewart
and Jerry Simpson, noted as Populists,
followed by ex-Governor Johnson, a lead
ing Democrat.
So far as the chairman of the National
Committee can set the pace and outline
the plan of campaign, there is to bean
actual union of allied silver forces, and the
platform is to be occupied at campaign
meetings by speakers of all the allied
forces. It remains to be seen if State
Democratic managers are going to act in
good faith toward these allies, as Chair
man Jones has so conspicuously done.
Good faith and fraternal spirit in actual
practice alone will make this a campaign
of honesty and faithful results.
Joseph Asbcry Johnson.
SENATOR JONE'S WON'T TALK.
Refuses to Dirulge tne Contents of the St.
Louis lele'jrfm Fron% Bryan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 28.— Senator Jones
of Arkansas returned here from his visit to
Mr. Bryan at Lincoln last evening, and
left on a late train for his home at Wash
ington, Ark. When asked about the au
thenticity of the telegram sent out by the
Associated Press, purportinc to have been
sent to him by Bryan to be red to the con
vention, he replied: "I don't know any
thing about it." The printed telegram
' was shown him, but he would not read it.
The reporter then began to read the tele
gram to him.
"I never received that," he interrupted,
after a sentence or two had been read.
"It is a stagger at it, but it is not the tele
gram."
"\vili you give out the real telegram?"
"No, I haven't that telegram to give
you. You can find Mr. Bryan's attitude
in his published interview of Saturday
night. I have nothing more to give out,'"
he said as he went to his sleeping-car.
In consequence of Mr. Jones' departure
there will be no conference for some time
between himself and the members of tne
People's party executive committee.
SOUND MONEY DEMOCRATS.
Preparing for an Active Campaign
Again/it Altgeld in Illinois.
CHICAGO, 111., July 28.— A letter was
received to-day at National Sound Money
headquarters from Judge Allen Blacker of
Ei Paso, Texas, in which he says:
"I have made a thorough canvass of
th!s section of the State and am convinced
that the active Democrats, as well as those
who have convictions, are earnestly in
favor of a third ticket and are willing to
declare for it. I believe the sound money
men of Texas in August next will select
delegates to attend the National Conven
tion. |^mong the masses are many
changes from free silver to sound money."
L. M. Martin of Marshalltown, lowa,
telegraphed that he would organize the
State for sound money in a few days.
NEW TO-DAY. - .
APENTA 77
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral Salts, or which'
combines such advantages, as this water.
• "Professor Dr. R. C. Tichboen, LL.D., F.C.S., F.1.C., Dublin."
',' This Water is richer in Mineral Salts than V (£> /ft *
all Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy ii so / /f^'^' 9 * !^vt^W'it%y
great that . even the smallest dose secures the ( v _ —'■ '' —J&. *■
. best results." ' * J c=^; ■ , " . "■— y«
Sworn Chemist in Buda Pat.
Prices : ,15 cents 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL i DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
of .
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The ; Apollinaris Company, Limited.
~A' meeting of the State committee will
be held next Friday or Saturday to decide
the question of calling a State convention
to put a ticket in the field against Altgeld.
It is probable that State and county tick
ets will be named against the free-silver
Democrats.
v» «
DEMOCRATS DISAGREE.
Controversy in Wisconsin Over the Dele
gation's Action at Chicago.
MILWAUKEE, Wiß.. July 28.— The sil
ver delegates |to the Democratic conven
tion yesterday afternoon gave out their
address to the public, replying to the letter
published by the gold delegates, headed
by Vilas and Bragg. It is devoted mainly
to answering the statements promulgated
by the gold men, but goes to some extent
into the merits of the silver question. The
point is made that the silver delegates
obeyed their instructions until the chair
man of the Wisconsin delegation refused
to allow the vote of the State to be cast for
any Presidential candidate, ana that
they then obtained permission from the
presiding officer of the convention to cast
their votes. The letter is as follow*:
The Democratic party ever ha? and to the
end of its existence ever will advocate honest
money and oppose its debasement. To assert
that the Chicago convention declared In favor
of compelling the citizens of the United States
to receive dollars of only one-half value is a
wicked slander. The Democratic National
platform does not submit to the American peo
ple a new aid untried system of finance for
doption.
The great Hamilton and greater Jefferson
framed the law at the time of the birth of this
Nation, which gave to both gold ana silver the
right of free and unlimited coinage and made
both these metals fundamental and redemp
ton money. The integrity of this American,
this Democratic monetary system, was relig
iously preserved by all American legislators
from 1792 to 1873. In this latter year, when
the attention of the American people was di
verted from the subject, dishonest legislators
(surreptitiously demonetized silver— the peo
nlc's money. The great American Nation,
without its knowledge or consent, had its
monetary system changed from bimetallism
to gold monometallism. The function of meas
uring values supporting commerce and credit
imposed upon gold and silver was by the de
monetization of silver shifted to gold alone.
The importance of gold was increased twofold,
as the demands upon it were doubled, and as
a result all commodities of the world declined
in value as expressed In golden dollars.
The merchant who has had bankruptcy
slowly but Burely creep upon him in spite of
his every effort and economy; the tiller of the
soil who has seen the products of his farm
gradually reach a price below the cost of pro
duction, in spite of his ceaseless care and toll ;
the man who depends upon his daily labor to
furnish him necessaries of life and appeals in
vain for the Drivllege to do work— all ask why,
in a land of plenty, in a nation peopled with
willing workmen, in a country of limitless re
sources, why is there widespread business dis
aster and cruel want?
History records prosperity from the birthday
of America to 1873 under a bimetallic system
of finance. A silver dollar at all times during
that period equaled and in fact exceeded &
gold dollar in value. The day Congress by law
closed the doors of our mints on silver and
said thereafter gold shall measure the value of
all things, even silver, then it was that gold
grew dear and silver cheap, and as silver de
preciated so has the price of alt commodities
fallen as measured in gold until ruin stares
great and free America in the face. The Demo
cratic National Convention, in response to the
call for help from the people, has promised to
reinstate the money oi tne constitution and
thereby lift the golden yoke from America's
neck.
In conclusion the Democrats of the
State are urged to get together and see to
it that silver men are sent to the State
Convention.
POPULISTS DISSATISFIED.
They Do Mot Want to Indorse the Entire
Illinois Democratic Ticket.
CHICAGO, 111., July 23.— Before leav
ing this city to-day foj Springfield Gov
ernor Altgeld talked about the reports
that the Populists, in State convention, in
tended to nominate the Democratic State
ticket, minus Mr. Trude, nominee for At
torney-General, whom the Populists do
not seem to favor. Tne Governor said he
would under no circumstances accept an
indorsement or nomination from the Pop
ulists unless the whole ticket was in
cluded. Dr. Taylor, chairman of the Pop
ulist Cook County Committee, said there
would be iasion if the Populists were
recognized properly.
KENTUCKY GOLD DEMOCRATS.
They A' c Preparing for a Third Party
Cunrention I his Month .
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 28.—Repre
sentative gold Democrats of the State met
hpre to-day and effected an organization.
The meeting was largely attended and
much interest manifested. The action of
the sound-money men at Chicago was rati
fied and the platform of the Chicago
Democratic Convention was roundly de
nounced. It was decided to hold a State
convention in Louisville on Thursday,
August 20, for the purpose of selecting
delegates to the National convention and
Presidential electors.
Formers Who Want Free Silver.
CHICAGO, 111., July 28.— A Terra
Haute (Ind.) special says: The first real
free silver demonstration took place yes
terday, when twenty-four wagons loaded
with corn for a hominy mill wheeled
through the city, making a parade several
blocks in length. On the sides of every
wagon were signs like these: "For Bryan/ 1
"We're all for free silver," "Give us free
silver and we'll get 50 cents for corn and
$1 for wheat." Mr. Blocksom, who owns
the farm on which the grain was raised, is
a free-silver roan. Many Republican
farmers are for Bryan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
COMMITTEES
MAY COMBINE.
Democratic and Silver Na
tional Organizations
to Fuse.
LOCATE IN WASHINGTON
George P. Keeney of California
to Direct the White Metal
Fight.
SILVEBITES LOSING GROUND.
A Prominent Nebraskan Says That
Bryan Will Be Unable to Carry
His State.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 28—The
National Silver party has established its
headquarters in the Corcoran building,
Washington. George P. Keeney of Cali
fornia, an organizer for the Silver party
and an attendant upon the St. Louis con
vention, is now en route to this city and
will assume charge of affairs when he ar
rives. It is the intention of the commit
tee to take an active part in the cam
paign by sending out literature and speak
ers. There is some talk of practically
merging the Silver committee with the
regular Democratic committee and using
one as an auxiliary to the other. This
consolidation, however, cannot be ar
ranged until after the Democratic National
Committee shall have held its forthcom
ing meeting here. The last named com
mittee will not be in operation for two
weeks yet.
Representative Smith of the Twentieth
Illinois District spent some time to-day at
Republican Congressional headquarters.
He believes that public sentiment is rap
idly arif ting in favor of the Republicans.
The Republicans of his section have fallen
into line and normal conditions now pre
vail. He feels sure that McKinley and
the entire Republican ticket will be given
its oldtime majority there. Mr. Smith
has no fears for the State being led away
by either Populism or Altgeldism.
Vice-Chairman Apsley was at his desK
after a brief trip to hi 3 home. He pro
nounces the statement that free-silver sen
timent is growing in Massachusetts to be
nothing but rubbish and nonsense. The
laboring classes of that State will have
nothing to do with the heresy, and many
of those now employed in factories, who
under ordinary circumstances vote the
Democratic ticket, will this year be found
in the Republican ranks. The working
man above all things else desires to see
the return to prosperity, full time, higher
wages and fair profits for his employer.
W. ¥. Gurley, a prominent attorney and
campaigner of Omaha, was among those
who called on the Republican committee
to-day. He expects to go on the stump and
work for the success of the ticket chosen
at St. Louis, and believes that with an
active, thorough, carefully conducted cam
paign Nebraska will select Republican
electors.
"In Nebraska, as much as any Western
State," said Mr. Gurley, "the silver ques
tion has been discussed in all its phases.
The sentiment in favor of the free coinage
has reached its climax and is on the wane.
Bryan made his last campaign for Con
gress on ihe silver issue alone, and came
so nearly being defeated that he refused
to again be a candidate. In his campaign
for United States Senator he stumped the
State with Mr. Thurston, and both speak
ers paid especial attention to silver. As a
result of the canvass a pronounced Repub
lican Legislature was elected. 1 think that
is a good straw to indicate the direction of
the wind. In that election Populists and
Democrats combined in many districts
upon legislative candidates, but notwith
standing that combine were unable to con
trol the Legislature."
TAMMANE'S BAND SHOWN.
Xew Tork and Brooklyn Democratic
Delegates Faror Bryan.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jnly 28.— The
World to-morrow morning will say: The
members of tlie Democratic State Com
mittee were interviewed by World re
porters yesterday on tne political outlook
in the State. They were especially asked
if they favored the indorsement of the
Chicago ticket and platform by the State
Convention, which meets in Buffalo
September 16. A poll of the committee
resulted as follows:
Members of committees, 50; in favor of
indorsement 24, opposed to indorsement
4, non-committal 22. Many of the com
mitteemen from New York City and
Brooklyn were among the non-committal.
It is believed, however, that when the
convention meets the delegates from New
York and Kings counties will be solid for
indorsement of the Chicago ticket. There
are about eight members of the State Com
mittee opposed to indorsement, but not
all of them wish to goon record at present.
REUNITED IN MICHIGAN.
Warring Democratic Factions Decide to
Work Together for Bryan.
DETROIT, Mich., July 28.— Contrary to
expectations the meeting of the Demo
cratic btate Central Committee to-day
ended harmoniously. The warring jtold
and silver factions came together and will
work for the election of the Chicago nom
inees. This result was brought about by
the refusal of the committee to accept the
resignation ofsQhairraan Elliott G. Stev
enson, who \ras the leader in the fleht for
gold in the State convention and at Chi
cago. After this action was taken Mr.
Stevenson declared that the committee
would open the campaign in Michigan at
once, making silver the ieading issue and
fighting the battle out earnestly and hon
estly for l3ryan and Sewall.
WATSON'S GOLD FRONT.
Will Make Xo Overtures for Democratic
Support.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 28—The Her
ald publishes the following from Augusta,
Ga. : Thomas E. Watson is disposed to
put a bold face on the situation here and
to see it out with an independent air. He
gives the Democrats notice that if they do
not want to vote for him for Vice-Presi
dent they need not swing on the Popu
lists' gate. If they are ready for a fair
division of the electors, so is he. If not,
then two sets of electors will be in the
field.
Termont's Populitt Ticket.
MONTPELIER, Vx., Jaiy 28.— The Pop-
ulist State Convention to-day nominated
a State ticket headed by Joseph P. Battle
of Middlebury for Governor. The plat
form declares for free stiver at 16 to 1 ; in
dorses "the principles of the people's
platform as enunciated in the People's
party platform adopted in St. Louis."
WILL SEWALL WITHDRAW?
Populist anal Democratic Committeemen
Confer to That End.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 23.— A Times'
special from Topaka, Kans., says:
John A. Briedenthal, a member of the
Populist executive committee, says that
the Democratic and Populist committees
will pet together and arrange matters be
tween Sewall and Watson and that the
former will withdraw and thus obviate all
trouble in arranging electoral tickets.
When Breidenthal was asked if he had
assurances that Sewall would withdraw,
he refused to give a direct answer. He
insisted, however, that there would be but
one candidate for Vice-President at the
polls.
GIANT POWDER EXPLOSION.
Great Havoc Is Mysteriously Wrought
at rictor, Colo.
VICTOR. Colo., July 28.— About 10
o'clock this morning an explosion of
giant powder laid on the sidewalk in
front of the Victor Hardware Comnany's
store caused great damage to all property
situated at the corner of Victor avenue
and Third street. The Bank of Victor and
the adjoinine hardware store suffered
heavy damage. The glass in the build
ings adjoining the Victor Hardware Com
oany's property was demolished and the
fronts of several buildings were com
pletely blown out. How the powder ig
nited is a mystery, as there were no fires
or combustible matter near II The
damage is estimated at $5000. Seven per
sons were slightly injured, while Michael
Rya,n will probably lose tbe sight of both
of his eyes.
SPLAN'S CLOSE CALL.
The yotcd Horseman lxcice Stabbed by a
Discharged Employe.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 29.— John
Splan, the noted horseman, had a narrow
escape for bis life to-day at his home in
Glenville. Oliver Russell, a young man
who has been doing odd jobs for Splan,
was discharged for using abusive. language
to Mrs. Splan, and when Splan went into
the house to get the money to pay Rus
sell the latter drew a knife and plunged it
into Splan's back. Splan turned and grap
pled Russell, but was again stabbed in the
right arm. Splan managed to set hold of a
heavy whip and knocked down bis assail
ant. Splan's wounds, while serious, are
not fatal. Russell was locked up.
PETTY STRIFE IN HAWAII.
Frivolous Charges Are Preferred
Against Captain Good by
His Colonel.
The Captain Will Likely Be Found
Guilty, but the Public Is
With H m.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, July 21.— The
arrest of Captain John Good on the 13th
inst., which at the time caused consider
able surprise, but wa% thought to be of
little importance, has developed the fact
that more or less friction has occurred in
the military service since the Government,
rather hastily, it is thought, imported
Colonel McLean, late of the United States
naval service, to take command of the
forces here. Colonel McLean has been in
the country only a few months, during
which time, it is alleged, he has been bis
own worst enemy and has made few
friends.
McLean was imported from the United
States on the recommendation of ex-
Minister Thurston shortly after the last
revolution to unseat the republic. He
arrived, it is charged, with prejudices
against Captain Good, and the present
court-martial trial is tne first overt effort
to force Captain Good out of the service.
This statement comes from officers high
in the service who helped establish the
republic side by side with the arrested
captain.
Three charges are entered against Cap
tain Good, all of which Ere considered to
be more or less frivolous by military men.
It is quite likely the court will be obliged
to find the captain guilty, as the charges
mentioned can be proved. In speaking of
the trial, which begins to-night, one of the
court officials said this morning:
"That is just it. We will likely have to
convict the captain under military rules of
saying ti at if the Government reduced
salaries in th 9 army they should get less
work; thut he (Captain Good) did not
want any more d tailor dri;l, etc. But
what then? We simply cor.vict him for
telling the truth, and must also find that
Captain Good, if guilty of indiscretion,
has done nothing to warrant his dis
missal from the service. It is unfortu
nate that Colonel McLean, a comparative
s'ranger, should carry personal spite so
far as to embroil the entire military."
This statement represents the general
feeling outside of perhaps Colonel Mc-
Lean and a local newspaper, to which, it
ia publicly charged, the colonel has fur
nished some very queer statements of the
origin and progress of toe disagreement.
Captain Good is well known here, ana it
will be hard to influence the public against
him, no matter wnat action is taken by
Colonel McLean or what result is reached
by the pending court-martial.
TARDE-BULLER DIVORCE CASE.
Defendant Testifies as to Ber Husband's
Jiruial Conduct.
LONDON, Esq., July 28.-The Yarde-
Ballei divorce case, in which the respond
ent is the daughter of the late General
Kirkham of San Francisco, was continued
in the divorce division of the High Court
of Justice to-day. Mrs. Yarde-Buller took
the stand in her own defense. She testi
fied to being struck by her husband. He
had also pulled her hair and kicked her.
Regarding Valentine Gadesden, whom Mr.
Yarde-Buller charges was criminally inti
mate with his wife, the respondent testified
that he came here from San Francisco for
the purpose of attending to her affairs and
protecting her from ber husband's vio
lence. She emphatically denied the charge
that she had' been unduly intimate with
Gadesden.
RE-ENFORCEMENTS NEDDED.
But Sir Frederick Carrlnaton Saps He
v Cannot .Feed- Them. : . ' -'V^;
- LONDON, Exg., July 28.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Joseph Chamberlain
read a telegram sent to the Colonial Office
in reply to the Government's message
offering to send more troops to aid the
British force employed in suppressing the
Matabele revolt. y, The message was signed
by Sir Frederick ; : Carrington, in command
of the forces in ; Rhodesia. He says that
he was undoubtedly hampered by want of
men. but il more were sent he could not
feed them, owing to the difficulty of trans
porting; provisions due to . the . rinderpest
and toe nature of the country.
Crop Failure in South Jtuiaim.
LONDON, Eng., July 28.— Official re
ports received here announce the failure
of the grain harvest in nearly all sections
of South Russia.
PROHIBITIONIST
NOTIFICATION,
Joshua Levering Officially
Told of His Nomi
nation.
WILL FIGHT THE SALOON
Hard Times in the United States
Charged to the Liquor
Traffic.
SILVER QUESTION DISCUSSED.
Import Duties Compared to the Esti
mated Amount Spent Yearly
for Stimulan-s
BALTIMORE, Md., July 28.— At the
Lyceum Theater to-night the Prohibtion
party, through Rev. O. W. Stewart, chair
man of the notification committee, ap
prised Joshua Levering of his nomination
as candidate of the Prohibition party for
President. Mr. Stewart, in his notifica
tion speech, said the party should con
tinue to fight the saloon with its attend
ant distresses. Mr. Levering in reply
read his letter of acceptance, which was
as follows:
Oliver W. Stewart Esq. and gentlemen of
tho committee: It is with feelings of deep
emotion that I stand in this presence this
evening to accept the nomination for the
Presidency of the United States which you ten
der me on behalf of and by the authority of
the National Prohibition Convention, which
recently aasembled in the city of I'ittsburg.
I beg to express my sincere appreciation of
the honor thus conferred and to assure you
that it is esteemed all the more highly be
cause of the unanimity of action which
marked the convention. Such an honor is
worthy the ambition of any citizen of this
great Nation, but to my mind it is to be
douoly appreciated when tendered by the
only political party which has had the courage
to stand openly for the protection of the home,
the womanhood and the childhood of our
country against the terrible ravages aud de
struction of the legalized liquor traffic.
The platform adopted by the convention
meets my hearty approval, and though based
on the single issue is in reality sufficiently
broad to allow all to stand on it who are op
posed to the saloon and its consequent evils,
regardless of their views on any of the other
public questions of the day.
It is true— andno thinking man, regardless
of his surroundings or residence, can for a
moment doubt it— that very many of tho peo
ple of our beloved land, and especially those
engagei in industrial and farming pursuits,
are suffering from the general depression so
widely prevalent at the present, and also that
there h»8 not been a time since the memor
able days just preceding the breaking out of
the Civil War when these difficulties weighed
so heavily upon the people, or when there wes
so much unrest and dire foreboding for the
future as exists to-day.
The products of the soil, the mainstay of the
Nation's prosperity and wealth, are bo low in
value in many instances as not to pay the cost
of production, leaving nothing for the labor of
the toiler or for the capital invested. Many
persons hold the opinion that the cause of all
tills trouble is overproduction. But can such
an explanation be true? Is not the thought
an impious one ? Can any one who believes
in a beneficent Creator believe that he be
stows a bountiful harvest to be a curse rather
than a blessing to mankind? No, no: perish
the thought! The reasou of ail the prevalent
trouble in our fair land to-day is not over
production, but underconsumption. That
being so, where is there a cause which pre
vents the consumption of the necessities, to
say nothing of the luxuries, of life comparable
to the liquor traffic?
V.'c are told by the advocates of one of the
political parties that a high tariff is the pan
acea of all our ills, and yet the average annual
receipts from customs for the three years end
ing June 30, 1894, when the McKinley tariff
bill was in operation, were only $171,000,000,
less than $250 per capita of our population.
Others tell us that the free and unlimited
coinage of silver will be the cureall of the
evils affecting our people. It Is strange such
an idea should ba entertained, when the tact
is recalled that the total output of silver in
this country for the last year was only $60,
--000,000, a sum much less than the annual
product, of the familiar barnyard fowl. How
utterly insignificant are either of these figures
compared to the $1,200,000,000 which, it is
reliably estimated, is the direct yearly tribute
the peopie of this country pay to the support
of the liquor traffic— a stupendous sum and so
large as to be difficult of realizing. It is
nearly twice as large as the aggregated capital
of all our National banks, or, to state it more
plainly, it is equal to about 75 per cent of the
entire money, gold, silver and paper currency,
of the United States. Let this vast sum of
money, which is now spent yearly in this way
and for which no value is received, but, on
tre contrary, is only adding to the suffering of
the people in varied and manifold forms, be
turned Into the channels of legitimate trade,
in the purchase of those things which will
brinir comfort and happiness to the home and
family. Then I belisve the troubles which are
now weighing so heavily upon them will be
largely things of the past, and until it is done
no real relief can be expected.
While thus emphasizing the results of the
liquor traffic as it exists to-day in our midst,
and the absolute necessity for its suppression
for beverage purposes, If peace and prosperity
and the blessing of God are to rest upon and
abide with our people, I don't underestimate
the fact that there are other questions of grave
importance over which the public mind is
seriously agitated, and which are being
pressed for speedy settlement. There is the
question of a stable and at the same time an
elastic currency, equal to the demands of busi
ness in every section of the country, and yet
every dollar of which should be of equal value
and the whole based on a standard equal to the
best in the world. The United States cannot
afford without dishonor to have money bear
ing its stamp inferior to that of auy country
on the globe.
The question of maintenance of the credit
of the Government, on which itc honor is
based and for which every one worthy of the
name of an American is or should be pro
foundly jealous, is one of vast importance.
Again, a proper adjustment of the tariff, so
that labor can have its just protection without
at the same time giving undue protection to
the manufacturing interest at the expense of
the great consuming portion of our people, is
worthy of profound consideration and early
solution.
The question of favoritism in legislation,
whereby trusts, monopolies and corporations
are fostered and protected to the detriment of
the interests of the people at large, is a vital
one and should have earnest and prompt con
sideration as a matter of common justice to an
oppressed people.
The strained relations existing between vari
ous foreign countries as well as between some
of them and their dependencies require the
exercise tot broad statesmanship in the con
duct of our foreign policy, so that while main
taining the honor of our country and afford
ing the amplest protection to every citizen of
our Jtepubiio, there shall be manifested that
fairness and magnanimity which a stronger
nation should ever show toward a weaker
power.
These and other matters of importance af
fecting the best interest oi all the citizens of
the country demand attention.
For myseif, 1 can only say that should the
\ i
voters of the United States see fit to call me toj
the duties and responsibilities of tlje high and '
exalted position of the chief magistracy of this j
Nation, the greatest on the lace of u»e»ww»ti, I |'
can only promise, in the fear of God and in re- j
liance upon the guidance of the Holy Spirit, to
discharge these duties to the best of my abii- ;
lty, with en eye single to his glory and for the j
good of the people of every section of our land
without favor or partiality.
I now leave the matter to the decision 01 my
fellow-citizens, to be expressed at the ballot
box In November, and to the guidance of him
"who is the final arbiter of all things."
UNION MINERS BARRED.
Four Companies of Telluride District, Colo.,
/aaue a Notice to This
Effect.
TELLURIDK, Colo., July 28.— A repre
sentative of the Miners' Union has been
in this district for several days organizing
the miner.-;. Rumors of the movement
having reached the ears of ihe big opera
tors, they issued a formal notice to-day to
the effect that no union miner would be
employed. This was signed by the Tom-
Boy, the Smuggler- Union, the Japan ana
the Columbia- Menona companies by their
respective managers. The reasons stated
were that the highest wages have been
paid and that miners' unions always cause
trouble. To-night the miners are holding
a meeting up at the mines in Marshall
Basin and trouble is undoubtedly brewing
for to-morrow. Over 500 miners are em
ployed on these four properties.
WOMAN'S DAY AT CLEVELAND.
Major and Mrs. McKinley Among the
Guests of Honor.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 28.— This was
Woman's Day at the Centennial celebra
tion. In tbe armory addresses were made
on live topics relating to women by Mrs.
May Wright Sewall, Mrs. M. B. Schwab of
the National Council ol* Jewish Women,
Mrs. Helen Campbell and others.
At this afternoon's session, presided over
by Mrs. Elroy M. Avery, addresses were
delivered by Mayor Robert E. McKissam,
President Cowlea of the Chamber of Com- ]
raerce, Kate Brownlee Sherwood and
Harriet Taylor Upton.
Thia evening there was a reception in
the parlors in the armory of the Cleveland
Grays. The guests of honor were: Major
and Mrs. McKinley, Mrs. M. A. Hanna
and Governor and Mrs. Bushnell. Major
McKinley shook hands with several hun- i
dred women and listened to pretty '
speeches from all of them. The day close 1 j
with a banquet in the armory, at which i
about 600 were present. A few men were
scattered about at the various tables.
Major McKinley was heartily applauded \
when he entered and when he left.
FLORIDA'S RACE RIOT.
Precipitated by a White Man Hugging a
Negro's Wife.
JASPER, Fla., July 28.— Advices from
Haggard's turpentine still, the scene of
the race riot Saturday night, state that
matters are in an unsettled condition and
that there may be further trouble. All
the negroes have left the turpentine farm
and Haggard will be forced to close down
at a loss of thousands of dollars. There is
considerable feeling against Haprgard on
the part of some of the whites. They
seem to think that Haggard sympathizes
with the negroes and knows where some
of them are secreted.
A committee of white men waited upon
Haggard yesterday and told him that he
must produce three of the negroes by
Saturday. The rot was precipitated by
John Green (white) hugging the wife of a
negro.
LINCOLN ACADEMY.
. ; ■ : - — - • ■^■..-.■.- ■■■:- : ::\
Proposed. Military and Educational In
- stitution in Tennessee.
• MIDDLESBORO, Ky., July 28.— Major-
General > Nelson A. Miles, commander of
the Department of the East, General O. O.
Howard and Rev. A. A. Meyers, president
of the Harrow School at Cumberland Gap,
Term., are at the head of a movement to
erect a large military and educational in
stitution at How ate, Term., on the site of
the late Four Seasons Hotel.
The name of the institution will be Lin
coln Academy, commemorative of Presi
dent Lincoln. The Bite comprises 2000
acres, and General Howard, who recently
examined it, is of the opinion that it is
the finest place in the entire country for a
military academy. The next session of
Congress will be asked for an appropria
tion, which, if granted, will assure the
success of the project. '
Stna* of the Irish Land Bill.
LONDON, Esq., July 29.— The House of
Commons completed its report upon the
stage of the Irish land bill and rose at 5:25
o'clock this morning. The bill will be
r«ad a third time to-day.
NEW . TO-DAY. .
- ■■• ' V v
. I like to read Boos Bros.* ads, Jimmy. Tbat'«
how I learned where to get such nice suits.
Boys' School Suits— the right kind at
about half the right price. '
Here's how it is:
We took about 500 of our
best Cheviot Suits— not ' flimsy material,
but regular weight; reefer style with and
without braid ; extra well tailored; extra
well lined perfect fitting garments, for
ages 4to 10. Suits we have been selling
at $9, $8 50, $8 and $6 50. The whole lot
cut to $5. •
Another line of Reefer Suits at $2 50. f3, $3 50
and $ 1 50— extra value.
Boys' Knee Pants, 25c and 50c. ■
Boys's Long Pasts, $1 50. '^
Don't wait -the early folks get the pick.
■ ■ ' — — "■ N■:
Patronize our Mail Order Department. It pays.
nn||O |JR?(D FOR BARBERS, BAK-
KKII> I InPN en ' blacks, bath-
MnUvllbwi.oun billiard -table).
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, ■ flourmllls,' ; foundries, . laundries, paper-
bangers,, printers, painters, shoe factories, status-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
_ '-•• ; BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturer*. 609Bacr»meatoS>» . |
ROSLIN COAL!
FOUND AT LAST.'VIT BEATS THRU ALL.
$8 a ton, I i half-ton, $2 quarter-ton, 43c sack:
delivered: special rates.: ENTERPRISE WOOD
AND COAL CO., 251 Stevenson st., bet 3d and 4th.
Q.fc.o. JONES. Manager. TeL Black 2341.-
i
Is, the light that Will bring a great
glow of happiness to yon. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
i from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
i Institute. It is the strongest and most
I powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
' that it is simply .wonderful how harmless
!it is. You can pet it from nowhere bat
: from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
; for circulars and testimonials.
The extraDrdidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
i has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN. stops, prematureness of the
discharee in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous tTitchings of the
; eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
I emissions, and develops and restores weak
j organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
ior night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means imDotency in the
I first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
| weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
; pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
; Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— impure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sor<v
| producing germs. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
; copper-colored spots, mcr-rs In mouth, old sores and .
i tailing nair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs
' by writing for ".Blood Book. to the old physicians
of ihe
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis St*. ; ,~
SA.N FRANCISCO. CAL.
DR.MCNULTY:
mnIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BPE-
-1 clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OKMKNONL*. He stops
Discbarges; cores secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Sores and Swellings: Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses ot Manhood. -
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
. terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
- He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cores Diseases caused by Her-
t cury and other Poisonous Drugs. .
Dr. MoNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-mad* .
I preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
; medical treatment. I His New Pamphlet on Pri-
! vate Diseases tent Free to all men who describe -
their troubla Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. ■ ■ '
Hours— 9 to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30 eveuingt. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and aa»
ciedly confidential. Call on or address -
P. KOSCOK McSULTI", M. D.,
»6S' Kearny St. , Sao Francisco, Cal.
JBST Beware of strangers who try to t*lk to yon
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
What's all this fuss
about $10 bedroom sets
We can sell — but
let them alone a little
more buys a good set —
"Ked Letter" Sale.
. California Furnituke Company
(K. P. Cole & CO.) :'.-■
117 Geary Street. -"..••'" ___^^______
HEALD'S •
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST., SAN
-1) Francisco— Bookkeeping, penmanship, bust-
ness practice, shorthand (Hitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, .English branches
and everything pertaining to a business education
rapidly taught. Department of Electrical En-
gineering In operation. Individual instruction. 20
teachers. Nigh* sessions. Students can commence
at any time. Thousands of graduates in positions.
Write for catalogue. ■ - -. ■- *. ■
THE LYCEUn.
"DREPARATOBY SCHOOL FOR THE TJNI-
JL verslty. Law and Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. '.Many students have been
successfully prepared at this school. Day end
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building, Nos.
333-335. PROF. L. H. , GR AU, Principal, late of
Stanford University. . ' ■
ST. MATTHEW'S FOR BOYS.
rpVVOMILSS FROM. SAN MATEO; THIRTY-
X firs:, year. For catalogue address RKV. Air
FRED 4 LKEBRE\VEB, D.D.. Rector, San Mateo,
Cal. :-. . ■_ - . ■ . ■ ; . • ■■ ■ .
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
FRENCH AND ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
moved from 615 Haight st. to 230 Halght;
limited number of boarders received; pupils pre-
pared for college; term opens August 3.
TRISITY SCHOOL (FOIIDED 1878).
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
-LJ and young men. Prepares for university and
coileire. Boarders limited to 35. Accredited
school with the universities. . Easier term opens
Monday, August 3. -
' • ' ' REV. DR. E. B. SPALDINO. Rector.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
OOQ7 SACRAMENTO ST. — BOARD, ENO-
£~<J I ush. perfect mastery of French and Ger-
man, thorough musical training, dancing; $30 per
month: new term July 157; coach.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
REOPENS AUGUST 8. FULL COLLEGIATE,
XV seminary and academic courses; unequaled
musical " and elocutionary advantages: terms
moderate. . Address MRS. G T. MILLS, .
Milln College P. P., Cal.
SNELL SEMINARY,
1 f)1 Q MADISON ST., OAKLAND: A BOARD.
l^lu ins and Day School for Girls: pupils pre-
pared for college and university; next term opens
MONDAY, August 3. 1896
. ■ MARY E. BNELL, Principal.
IRVING; INSTITUTE.
"HOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR YOUNG
Ml ladies. Primary and Kindergarten for Children,
A Carriage will call. Next session will begin on
Monday, August 3. Address
. REV. E. B. CHURCH, A.M., 1036 Valencia st.
RADCLIFFE HALL,
A PREPARATORY SCHOOL for GIRLS.
, For Illustrated Catalogue address :-•'
: Silts. ALPHEDB BULL,.
Belmont, California.
mHE THIRD SCHOOL-YEAR OF THE CALI-
-1 fornla School of Mechanical Arts (Lick School)
will begin Monday, July '27. Applicants for aC-
mission should be present Wednesday. July 29 at
9 a.m. Any boy or girl of Ca liornia who has com- '
pleted all but one of the grammar grades, or an
equivalent, .Is qualified to inter. Tuition free
Places reserved for country pupils . :
MISS HAMJLIN'B SCHOOL AND VAN NESS
Seminary, a boarding and day school for
girls under I the direction of Miss SARAH D
HAMLIN and MRS. EDNA SX ELL POULSON
Fall term opens Wed., Aug. 5. All departments,
kindergarten to college preparatory, fall or write
for particulars. 1849 Jackaoa sU , San Francisco.
' 7ISKA INSTITUTE. 1606 VAN NESS AYE—
£J Day and boarding school for girls; from pri-
mary through collegiate I department; | thorough
course of English, French and German: those
wishing to join the graduating class should b«
present •■ on day ,; of opening, — August ' its. ' HUB.
>EziSKA,A.M,, principal. "' ■*"&"« , * jsijux.PENNSYLVANIA'S
TERRIFIC STORM.
Magnitude of the Disaster
Is Just Becoming
Known.
DEATH AND UTTER RUIN
Thirteen Merrymakers Carried
Away While Preparing
for a Dance.
HAVOC CAUSED BY LIGHTNING.
Damage to Farms, Ol Fields, Roads
and Bridges Will Reach Into
Millions.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 28.— As news of
last night's storm continues to come in
from the outlying districts to-day the
magnitude of the disaster becomes more
apparent.
In addition to the loss of life reported
last night at the camp of the Eighth
Ward Hunting and Fishing Club of
Alleghaiiy eight more deaths were report-
' Ed to-day in other places.
• At the boarding-house of Samuel Mc-
Kinney at Cecil, Washington County,
thirteen merrymakers were preparing for
& dance last night when they were carried
away almost without a moment's warning,
and seven of them were drowned. Before
being rescued the others were in the water
some four hours, others all night, and the
experience they went through will never
be forgotten.
The dead were found to-day strewed all
along the flood-swept valley of Miller's
Run, the nearest two miles from the scene
of the disaster and the furthest eight miles
below. The dead are:
Mrs. Samuel McKinney, aged 59.
Margaret McKinney, aged 30, unmar
ried, eldest daughter.
James McKinney, aged 8, youngest son.
F. C. Beatty, oil pumper, aged 26, un
married, of Bradford.
J. C. Hisipins, oil pumper, unmarried,
aged 50, of Oil City.
. Jennie Holmes, aged 18, unmarried.
Vincent Wilkinson, oil driller, Oil City,
aged 32, unmarried.
■ The house was two stories high, and was
raised on props just above the banks of
Millers Run, and about seven feet above
the water level of that insignificant little
creek.
While preparations for the dance were
going on it was noticed that the water was
creeping in under the front door. The
merriment was stopped, but no danger
was felt, and the party bepan to remove
the furniture to the second floor. While
they were thus engaged the house gave a
lurch and went swirling into the flood
amid the shrieks of the inmates.
Eleven of the inmates were on the second
floor. They made a rush for the stairway,
but it was too late, the room below* being
full of water. James Pierce, an oil driller,
went on the roof of the porch. He was
swept ashore and saved. Charles Redding,
a rie builder, jumped through a window
into tbe water and managed, by clutching
the bushes, to drag himself ashore.
The villagers came trooping out into the
Btorm, but could do nothing as the bouse
swept by, and it was soon lo3t to view in
the blinding rain. The roof of the house
gave way with a crash, and one by one tLe
victims were swept from the second floor
to which they were clinging as to a raft.
Samuel McKinney had endeavored to
obtain a hold upon his wife and youngast
son, but they were swept from his grasp
by the rush of the current. McKinney
himself was under watar for some time,
but eventually reached the bane in a
faint condition and waj drawn out by the
people on the shore.
Robert McKinney, a nephew, was caught
in a tree near Gladden. He remained in
tbe limbs all night and a searching party
found him there in the morning. Lizzie
Holmes was also found in a tree and was
rescued.
Suddenly and as swiftly as it rose the
creek fell. By 6 p. m. to-day ail the
bodies had been recovered and the run
was purling along, an inoffensive creek
once more.
Near the Morcanza Run Schopl Gus
Wright, a colored driver for Bradwell's
livery stable in Carnegie, lost his life in
Charliers Creek about 8 o'clock last night.
He had driven to Cannonsburg in a two
horse carriage, and was on bis way back.
In the darkness he did not discover the
bridge had been carried away, ana drove
into the swollen creek.
In Lawrenceville (Seventeenth Ward)
the damage is greater than on J lly 15,
when the storm wrecked the stone wall
surrounding the Aiieghany Cemetery.
Tlie broken wall offered no resistance to
the flood last evening, and a raging tor
rent not only devastated a large portion
of the beautiful Aiieghany Cemetery, but
flooded Butler street and streets below to
a depth of nearly five feet.
'The cellars of hundreds of houses were
flooded and the first floors of several score
were covered with water. Every street in
that part of the city was blocked with
broken trees, stones, rubbish and mud.
All over the city traffic was suspended.
In tne mill districts along the Alleghany
river twenty-five lar. c smokestacks were
toppled over by the force of the wind, in a
number of instances wrecking the build-
ings on which they fell.
Scarcely had the thoroughfares been
made passable and delayed cars began to
move when the night deluge came on.
This, in pointof downpour, was even worse
than tbe evening flood. The hieh wind
was absent, however, but the heavens
were almost cont nuously lighted with ter
rific flashes of lightning and the roar of
thunder was continuous. The storm con
tinued with slowly diminishing energy
until midnight.
Reports from tbe districts surrounding
the cities detail the destruction of build
ings, death of farm stock and much carn
age to crops and fruit. the railroads
entering the city suffered considerable
damage and delay. The Baltimore and
Ohio railway is apparently the worst suf
ferer. Trains from above Eureka on the
mam line were unable to get through from
last evening up to noon to-day. The
through trains from the West were ex
pected early in the afternoon. The delay
was caused by a landslide near Eureka.
A large culvert at Port Royal was also
washed out and had to be bridged over De
fore trains could proceed.
The river took an upward turn eariy this
morning. At 2 o'clock this afternoon sev
enteen feet was recorded. In tbe debris
which rushed past were seen small houses,
outbuildings, fences, grainstacksand other
evidence of the severity of the storm at
points above.
Specials from surrounding towns report
loss and damage from last night's storm
as follows:
At Claysville honses were unroofed and
many buildings totally wrecked. The
United Presbyterian Church and high
school buildings were struck by lightning
and demolished. Crop 3 suffered greatly.
Ent're orchards were leveled and de
stroyed. No lives were reported lost.
At Washington, Pa., the damage in the
oil fields will be enormou.". A great
number of bridges were swept away and
roads rendered impassable.
At Canonsburg, Connellsville, West
Newton and several other points the loss
is reported heavy.
John Fiegus and George Miller, with
several companions, were camped on the
banks of the Aiieghany River near Aspin
wall. Their tents were sheltered beneath
a large sycamore tree. lather lightning
or wind tore a huge limb from the tree
and it dropped directly upon the tent in
which the members of the club had sought
shelter.
Fiegus' skull was crushed. Miller was
pinned to the ground and his back
broken. Five other members of the party
were held to the ground under the heavy
limb and severly injured.
John Aufholder met death while striv
ing to reach a place of shelter in Second
avenue.
Throughout Pittsburg and Aiieghany
buildings were unroofed, hundreds of trees
uprooted, electric wires prostrated, win
dows shattered, outbuildings and even
dwellings upset and ruined.
At McDonald, Pa., last night the rain
fall was unprecedented. The streets were
swept clear, and the board walks, which
lodged against the bridge spanning an or
dinarily small creek just below tbe town,
backed up the water until the lower por
tion of the city was for a time inundated.
No lives were lost, but the damage to
property was heavy. Several coal mines
were flooded.
Near Cecil, three miles southeast, six
bodies have been removed from the mass
of debris in Cecil Valley. Oil wells and
Ehanties occupied by oil-producers, and
workmen are thickly located along the
banks of Cecil Creek. Torrents swept
through them and gare no time foi es
cape.
The report of the drowning of sixteen
men dv a cloudburst last night in the vi
cinity of the Beadliue mine is confirmed.
The men were coal-miners and occupied
one house.
Pittsburg and Aiieghany estimates of
the total damage run anywhere from $500,
--000 to $1,000,000. In Aiieghany County the
damage to three churches will reach $65,000
or more.
INDIANA ALSO VISITED.
Frightful Wind, Rain and Electrical
Storm, With Dire Results.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 28. — A
heavy wind and rain storm passed over
Indiana this evening and reports to-night
indicate the damage is general. The wind
almost destroyed the Eastern routes of
the telegraph companies. Neither com
pany has a wire to Knightstown or Rich
mond. Meager dispatches from Central
and Northern Indiana show that the
storms have been phenomenal. Clinton
County's gravel roads are washed out in
innumerable places. Tipton reports a tre
mendous fall of rain and frightfui elec
trical display, during which several resi
dences were struck and a new schoolhouse
destroyed. The opera-house at Petersburg
was partially destroyed by lightning, and
Mrs. Al Goddard and child were fright
fully burned by their residence beine
struck by lightning. The great hay crop
is utterly ruined and the loss to farmers
will De immense.
APPALLING DEVASTATION.
Cloudbursts Swell the Streams and People
*rm Killed by Lightning.
ANDERSON, I^p., July 28.— The situa
tion of the Indiana gas belt is serious.
The successive cloudbursts which have
kept up with frightful regularity since
midnight .have swollen streams out of
their banks and are flooding cities and
towns. Three deaths have been the re
sult in this city. Frank Galloway, one of
these, was literally torn to pieces by
lightning. The other victims are Andrew
Haworth of Liberty and Benton Reave of
Fan-field.
The dams along White and other rivers
cave way under the heavy bodies of water
this afternoon and swept everything be
fore them. .People were rescued from
second-story windows.
The dike at Yorktown broke this after
noon, letting the lake out. It came rush
ing down White River at a terrific speed,
taking everything in its path.
Johnstown a suburb of Anderson,
named so because so many workers from
Johnstown, Pa., live there, was almost
washed away by the great dam giving
away. The river is still rising at the rate
of a foot an nour. Crops are washed out.
Dispatches to-nigbt state the cities of
Frank ton, El wood and Alexandria are
partly under water. The damages cannot
yet be estimated.
Four Towns Submerged.
NOBLES VILLE, lim, July 28.— Canoes
were the only means of transportation in
the towns of Kirklin, Elkin, Atlanta and
Arcadia this evening, the water being two
feet deep on all streets.
Small Cyclone at Danville.
DANVILLE, lirv, July 28.— During a
small cyclone this .norning several houses
were blown down. Tbe home of Henry
Thomas was struck by lightning and him
self and wife seriously injured.
Viewed a Midnight Sun.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 28.— Emil
Boas, general manager of the Hamburg-
American line, received cable advices to
day to the effect that the steamship Co
lumbia, with a party of American tourists
aboard, was favored by good weather od
her trip to the North Cape and Spitzen
bergen. The passengers witnessed the un
usual spectacle of seeing the midnight aun
four times on four nights in succession in
a perfectly cloudless sky— the last time the
sun shining upon the glaciers and ice
mountains at Spitzenbergen.
Xew For/.'* striking Tailors.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 28.-Becretary
Solomon of the Brotherhood of Tailors
said this afternoon that about 130 outside
contractors had called at headquarters to
day and expressed a willingness to sign a
new agreement, but as the strikers de
cided to settle with the contractors as a
body in order to compel the outside con
tractors to join the Contractors' Associ
ation, no agreements were signed. Circu
lars were issued by the United Garment
workers of America No. 8 this after
noon, calling upon the members of that
organization to strike to-morrow.
yetce for Congress.
QUINCY, li-1., July 28.— The Demo
crats of the Fifteenth Congressional Dis
trict to-day nominated ex-Congressman
William H. Neece and indorsed the
Chicago platform.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
FIERY ANARCHY
WILL NOT DOWN,
Another Wild Scene at
the Socialist Labor
Congress.
RED FLAGS BARRED OUT.
Doorkeepers Overpowered and a
Mad Rush Made for the
Galleries.
A BABEL OF REMONSTRANCES.
"Put 'Em Out !" Is Howled in Many
Tongues and Business Is Out
of the Question.
LONDON, Eng., July 28.— The Interna
tional Socialist Trade Congress met in St.
Martin's Town Hall to-day. In view of
the disorder which characterized yester
day's meetine there was a large crowd of
outsiders present, who apparently were
anxious to see a repetition of the trouble.
As the delegates presented themselves
for admission a close scrutiny was made of
their credentials, it being feared that some
of the anarchists would endeavor to get on
the floor and create trouble. Some of
those who bore credentials which were not
in exactly the right shape were refused
permission to enter the hal 1 .
Herr Singer, the well-known socialist
member of the German Reichstag, who
speaks English fluently, acted as chair
man at to-day's session. He referred to
yesterday's disturbance and announced
that order would have to be maintained.
After the usual preliminaries the con
gress took up the question of the admis
sion of anarchists and against which a
large majority vote was cast yesterday.
Speeches for and against their recognition
as delegates were made by Jean Jurea, a
Radical Socialist member of the French
Chamber of Deputies; Tom Mann, who
was formerly a member of the House of
| Commons, and several other properly ac
credited delegates.
The speakers were much excited and
those in favor of the admission of the an
archists hotly contended that if they were
not admitted the congress would not be
internationally representative in its scope
and that its decisions and conclusions
would not carry the weight which they
would otherwise have.
The opponents of the proposition de
clared with equal decision that the admis
sion of the anarchists would have tbe ef
fect of leading the general public to be
lieve that the socialists favored the an
archists' propaganda, which the speakers
contended was not the case.
Eventually another vote was taken and
it was decided, 203 to 104, to refuse to
recognize them.
The anarchist would-be delegates were
I outside the hall waiting for a decision,
I and when it was announced to them they
| became highly indignant. It was finally
■ decided to force an entrance into the hall
and the decision was no sooner arrived at
than it was carried out. A rush was made
for the doorkeepers, who were speedily
upset and tbe crowd of anarchists made
their way to the gallery. Then began a
perfect babel. The delegates shouted in
their native tongues — Polish, French,
German, Italian, Spanish and English —
that the intruders should be put out.
Finally, when the voice of a speaker
could be heard above the din, Tom Mann
and Kier Hardie addressed the chair, ad
vocating the admission of one of the an
archists. Other speakers opposed the
proposition, and the executive committee
awaitt d until it appeared there was a de
cidedly favorable chance of yesterday's
disgraceful scene being repeated.
Herr Singer finally succeeded in obtain
ing a little order, and it was then agreed
that properly accredited anarchists should
be admitted, but should be allowed to take
no part in the debate. Later another vote
was taken and it was decided to uphold
tbe resolution, which in effect provides
that anarchists shall not be admitted.
There the question remains at present.
HEARST'S NEW VENTURE
The Editor Said to Be Arrang
ing to Start a Paper in
Chicago.
It Will Be Democratic in Politics and
Support Bryan and
S»wall.
CHICAGO, 111., July 28.— A morning
paper says: The Democratic party, if
present plans do not miscarry, will have a
paper voicing Democratic opinions in
Chicago within a month. The new sheet
will be called the Chicago Daily Enquirer,
but further than that the promoters re
fuse to divulge their plans. The capital
stock of the Enquirer will be $1,000,000, all
of which is in sight, though as yet none
has been subscribed.
Though there has been talk of starting a
free-silver paper in this city for a year, the
.present movement was not begun until
after Bryan's nomination. When the
local Democratic paper bolted the plat
form the Democrats decided to issue the
Enquirer. On Saturday, when they learned
that John R. McLean intended starting a
paper similarly named, they called on P.
J. Deviin and asked him to design a head
and have it copyrighted.
Devlin said last night the paper would
soon be issued, but refused to say who the
editors would be. The men back of the
Enqu'rer, Devlin says, have not been a part
of any previous effort to start a free silver
sheet here. Some were Chicago men and
some were from other cities, east and west.
"I am not in any way connected with the
paper," Devlin said, "nor will I be when
it starts. I know who the promoters are,
but am cot Bt liberty to disclose their
names. McLean is not in any way con
nected with the paper, nor is Bryan."
Other men in a position to know of the
scheme say the prime mover ij Editor
Hearst of the New York Journal and San
Francisco Examiner. The paper will
champion the cause of the Democratic
nominees, Bryan and Sewall, and they
say its advocacy of free silver wili be of
the rampant kind. In appearance it will i
be extremely plain, but its backers pro
pose to make it compare favorably with
its Chicaeo contemporaries. The date of
tne first issue will do about August 10.
LOST IN A TIPHOON.
The German Third- Class Cruiser lltls
Sunk in Chinese Water*.
LONDON, Eng., July 28.— A dispatch
from Ctaee Foo says: The German third
class cruiser Iltis was lost in a typhoon on
July 13 ten miles northward of the Span
tung Promintory, which is about seventy
tive miles southeast of here. Ten of the
men were saved. All of the others, in
cluding the officers, perished.
The Iltis was a small cruiser of 489 tons
displacement with two 10%-centimer guns
and two lieht guns. She was launched in
1878, having cost about £133,000.
CUBAN CAMP CAPTURED.
General Sandoral's Report of the Battle
on the Occasion.
HAVANA, Ciba, July 28.— General San
doval reports to the authorities here tnat
tbe troops under his command have cap
tured an insurgent camp in the vicinity
of Guantanamo. In the fight which pre
ceded the capture, 16 rebels were killed,
among them a captain, and a lieutenant
was taken to prison. A sergeant of the
Spanish force was killed, and two officers
and 22 privates were wounded.
General Sandoval discredits the report
that a filibustering expedition landed re
cently on the Cuban coast.
Labor Riot in a Swiss City.
ZIJRICH, Switzerland, July 28.— There
has been trouble brewing for some time
between the Swiss and Italian working
men of this city, and last night it cul
minated in a riot. The police were totally
incapable of handling tbe enraged mob
and military assistance was asked for. A
detachment of soldiers with ball cartridges
was ordered to the scene and their pres
ence awed the rioters, who finally dis
persed. Seventy arrests were made.
The Stiver Question in Colombia.
COLON, Colombia, July 28.— A1l busi
ness in exchange with Costa Rico has
become paralyzed in consequence of the
going into effect of the new law prohibit
ing tbe importation into Colombia of .for
eign silver. The political situation
throughout the country is quiet.
Port au Prince Flame-Swept.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 28.— The Her
ald's special from Kingston, Jamaica,
says: A fire started in Port au Prince on
Wednesday last and burned until Friday.
More than 100 houses were destroyed. The
loss will reach at least $1,000,000.
MUTINY OF CONVICTS,
Exciting Scenes at the Fort
Leavenworth Government
Penitentiary.
Several Prisoners Shot by the Guards
and the Others Forced to
Submission.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., July 28.- A
mutiny broke out among the convicts at
the United States penitentiary at Fort
Leavenwortb, and a wild time followed.
The trouble started with a gang of thirty
men under six guards who were at work
on the prison farm.
Georee Yeast, an Indian Territory des
perado, six feet six inches tall, was the
leader, and at a given signal the men
broke. The guards began shooting at
once with guns loaded with buckshot, and
most of the prisoners gave up and fell flat
upon the ground to avoid being ahot.
Yeast and two other prisoners were se
riously wounded. Yeast will die.
The shooting caused a general alarm,
and soon guards, soldiers and ambulances
came rushing from the fort garrison. The
men shot were loaded on ambulances and
taken to the prison.
OKLAHOMA STAGE HELD UP.
Everything of Value Taken From the
Mail Sacks and I'ammengers.
WICHITA, Kan-s., July 28.— 1n a lonely
gulch several miles west of the village of
Lacey, in the northern part of Okla
homa Territory, the regular mail
stage was held up yesterday afternoon
by a band of outlaws, who rifled the
express and mall sacks, taking all the
registered letters and all the valuables
carried by the two passengers in the
coach. There is little doubt that the rob
bery was the work of Doolin's gang.
Venezuelan Rlue Book.
WASHINGTON, D. £ July 28. — The
State Department haa received several
copies of the supplementary British blue
book on the Venezuelan boundary, and
Will deliver them to the Venezuelan com
mission The volume is divided into five
parts, viz. : settlements, postholers, trade,
relations of the Indian tribes and boun
daries, and while not ol a popular nature,
is expected to prove of great value to the
Commissioners in their investigation.
Yellow Fever in Vera Crum.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 28.— A tele
gram from the United States Consul at
Vera Cruz to the surgeon-geneial of the
United Btates Marine Hospital Service,
received to-day, announces the existence
of yellow fever in Vera Cruz. The United
States Consul at Acapulco. Mexico, also
announces the presence of yellow fever in
that city.
The Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 28. -The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day was $104,832,623. The day's
withdrawals were $235,300. Additional
offers of gold aggregating $1,310,000 were
made and accepted.
Sunprrted of filibustering.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 28.— After
an unusually long run the steamer Laur
ada, suspected of having again violated
the neutrality laws of the United States,
arrived to-night from Port Antonio with
four passengers and a cargo of bananas.
The filibustering charges against her will
be investigated before the vessel sails
again.
Kill* Bis Wife and Himself.
NASHVILLE, Ten*., July 28.— 0. J. A.
Haily, a farmer living near Petersburg,
Marshall County, to-day cut his wire's
throat with a butcher-knife. The double
tragedy took place in the presence of
Haily's daughter, who fled to a neighbor's.
Signaled Through falling Rain.
TUCSON, Ariz.. July 28.— A Bisbee spe
cial says that Sergeant Gordon, in charge
of the heliograph station, succeeded in
flashing signals to the San Bernardino sta
tion, a distance of over forty miles, through
a rainstorm intervening between the two
station-, and which completely obscured
them from each other, though both were
in full sunlight. This dispels the theory
that it is impossible (o flash heiioeraph
signals through a heavy rainfall. The
experiment was tried several times with
success.
Tia leer r field* t Slow Registration^
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 28.— The
total registration up to noon to-day was
only 2910, against over 4600 last year.
GAUDAUR WINS BY
EIGHT LENGTHS
Easily Takes the Single
Scull Contest at
Halifax.
DURNAN COMES SECOND.
Exciting Finish B2tween Three
Men for the Minor
Purse.
ROGERS WAITS TOO LONG.
Passes Hanlan, but Is Unable to
Catch the Other Toron
tan's Shell.
HALIFAX, N. 8., July 28.— The weather
was grand this afternoon for the openine
events of the carnival regatta. There was,
however, a pretty stiff wind, making the
water somewhat rough at the beginning,
but it moderated almost to a calm before
the last race.
The single scull contest, the big event,
was concluded about 7:30 o'clock. There
were seven starters — Gaudaur, Hanlan,
Bubear, Durnan, Rogers, Casey and Levitt.
The prizes were $500, $150 and $100. It was
an easy victory for the favorite. Jake Gau
daur, who finished ahead apparently
without the least discomfort by more
than eight lengths. At the turn Bubear
aud Casey were out of the race.
The contest so far as Durnan, Hanlan
and Rogers were concerned began as soon
as they squared away for the finish line.
Hanlan and Durnan were alongside each
other for fully a mile, straining every
nerve to gain an advantage over each
other. Durnan proved the best stayer,
and when a half mile from the line grad
ually drew away from his uncle. Rogers,
throughout the struggle between tbe To
rontans, kept well up to them and now
began to row rapidly and gain on them.
He had, however, saved, himself too long
and, although he passed Hanlan, could
not reach Durnan.
At the finish Durnan's bow was about
five feet ahead of Rogers' boat and the
latter's bow only four feet ahead of Han
lan's.
Gaudaur's time was 20:25, which consid
ering that the water was a little lumpy
when the race began and tbe full course
was a three-mile one was almost up to ex
pectations. Three of the men entered for
the event — Hackett, Haines and Barr —
did not start.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Garnet in the National League
Yesterday.
CI.tTBB.
Won.
Ijl#t Per
Lost - cent.
Cincinnati..
Baltimore..
Cleveland.:....
Clii< a.'O
Boston .T.';r.T".v; r .rrn;j:~. .i. 1 ..
Pittsbnrg.:..
Philadelphia
Brooklyn
Washington.......
New York
st. 1x>0i5............ ...:..
Louisville ...;........ :....-.
61
52
63
61
43
44
37
37
34
33
26
II
2e .701
27 .668
30 .638
38 .573
37 .537
S8 .536
44 .456
45 .451
44 .437
47 .412
57 .313
69 ..62
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 28.— T0-day's frame
between the Reds and Clevelands was of the
seesaw order, the home team winning out in
the ninth, making il three straight from the
Spiders. Attendance, 10,000. Score: Ciucin
natis 9, 9, 1; Clevelands 8.10,4. Batteries—
Dwyer and PeiU, Wilson and Zimmer. Um
pire—Behle.
CHICAGO. 111., July 28.— Terry and Klllen
had a desperate pitching battle today, but the
'•Adonis" was in better control and his team
won. Both teams hit weakly. Attendance
2800. Score: Chicagos 2, 5, 1 ; Pittsburgs 1,
5, 2. Batteries— Terry and Donohue, Kilien
aud Murphy. Umpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 28.— The Louisville
team put up the worst exhibition of baseball
to-day ever seen here. Attendance 1500.
Score: Bt. Louis— 2o, lß, 0; Louisvilles— s, 12,
13. Batteries — Holmes, Cunningham and
Miller; Donohue and McFarland. Umpire—
Bett*.
BROOKLYN, N. V., July 28.— Kennedy of
the home team was very wild in the early
inning to-day and then settled down until the
seventh Inning, when the Senators began to
hit the ball to all parts of the field, earning
nve runs in the last three innings. Score:
Bmoklyns— 3. 12. 3; Washington?— 7, 12, 3.
Batteries— Kennedy nnd Grim, McJames and
Maguire. Umpire— Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., July 28.— New York hit
Keener hard at opportune times to-day and
won easily. Meekin patched great ball, with
the exception of the eighth inning. Attend
ance, 3300. Score: Philadelphias— 4, 6, 3;
New Yorks— l3. 15, 3. Batteries— Keener and
Clements, Meekin and Wilson. Umpire — Sher
idan.
BOSTON, Mass.. July 28.— The Bostons beat
the Baltimores to-dny in a great pitchers'
game. Boston outplayed its opponents aud
really won the game on its merits. Sullivan
fairly outpitched Pond, though the latter aid
grand work at critical points. Attendance,
3100. Score: Boston*— 3, 8,0; Baltimores— 2,
5, 4. Batteries— Sullivan and Bergen, Pond
and Clark. Umpire— Lynch.
RESULTS OF RACES.
Horses That Finished First, Second or
Third Yesterday.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 28.— A swel
tering day and a track soft and muddy
treetea the postponed opening of the
grand circuit races here this afternoon.
The attendance was 3000, and a big busi
ness was done in the betting ring. The
track was at least five seconds slow. Sum
maries:
2 :21 class, trottine, purse $2000, Corrie Mc-
Gregor won, Ben second, Helen X third. Best
time.2:l9 14.l 4.
•2 :Z7 clasp, trotting, purse $2000, Walter S
won, Nancy L second, Marguerite third. Best
time, 2:19&
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. V.. July 28.—
Results:
Five furlongs, Patrol won, Darian second.
Right Royal third. Time, 1:03.
Five furlongs, Sunny Slope won. Azure sec
ond. Lady Mottle third. Time. l:03l£.
Oue mile mid a sixteenth, Premier won, Ben
Eder secoud, Septour third. Time, l:sO}£.
Four furlongs, Lady Mitchell won, Taknnas
see second, Lady Louise third. Time, :49.
Oue mile and a half, Nanki Pooh won, Horn
pipe second, Long Beach third, lime, 2:33 W.
five iur'ongs, Ameer won, Refugee second,
Religion third. Time, I :o2}^.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 28.— Results
at Latonia:
Six furlongs, Doorga won, Arrack second,
Springvale third. Time, 1:16.
One mile, Letcher won, Aimee Goodwin sec
ond. Governor Boies third. Time, 1 :41?£.
Six furlongs, Preston won, Satsuma second,
1 SuMe B third. Time, 1 :14 U.
Five furlong:! , Eugenia Wicks won, Hats Off
second, True Light third. Time, 1 :02^.
Five and a half furlongs, Rey del Anjreles
won, Robair second, Argosy third. Time,
I :o9^'.
One mile, Lily of the West won. Remnant
second, Birmingham third. Time, 1:44.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 28.— T0-day's
race results:
Six furlongs, Mermaid won, Fayette Belle
second, Fannie Rowena third. Time, 1:15%.
One mile, Tim " Irwin won, Foreseen second,
Shining Belle third. Time. I:43}£.'
Seven furlongs, Free Advice won, Honor sec
ond, Amy T third. . Time, 1 :28^.
One and & sixteenth miles, Ace won, Pinkey
Potter second. Jane third. Time,' 1 :49?.£. ■
-. Five and a half furlongs, Buck Videre won,
Juanita second. Dare II third. Time, 1 :09J4-
One mile, :DavezaCi won, . Out Away second,
Rob Roy. II third. Time, I:43}^.
iIUTTE. Mont., July 28.— A1l races
were run in the mud to-day, ana the rain
caused a small attendance and the best
card of the ; meeting was spoiled. But in
spite of the unfavorable conditions ail
races came off. .
Trotting, free silver purse, 2:17 class, purse
$1500— Gazelle won in thre^ straight h'.-ats;
Red Cherry second, Antrimp third. Best time,
2 :'23%. , Montana and Tout Tucker ■ distanced.
. Pacing, free-for-all, pursa $1000, Rachel won
in three straight heat», Batesmont second,
Keen Cutter third. Best time, 2 :23}£.
Running/ five furlongs, purse :5250," Baby
Ruth won, Tommy second, Yreka third. Time,
1:03%. ■. ■ - ■ . o-.-- -r,:/ . r -:■
Running, one mile, purse $300. Encino
won. Gussie second, All Smoke mini. Time,
1:43%. . ■■;. , •..■ .- -, - •-...;■ - : .
"Running, three furlongs, purse $250, Pinear
won, Chinook second, -La Belle third. - Time,
0:36.
RACING IN ENGLAND.
Chasseur Wins the Steward's Cup on the
Goodurood Course.
LONDON, Eng., July 28.— This was the
first day of the Goodwood race meeting.
The race for the Stewards' cup was won
by Chasseur, Sweet Auburn was second
and The Tartar third. All of Richard
Croker's entries for this meeting have
been scratched. The weather was very
sunny and a good day's sport was had
by the great crowd that attended the
races.
The race for the Richmond stakes was
won by Chillingham, owned by Lord
Durham. The Prince of Wales' Oakdena
was second and Lord Kosebery's Trawler
third.
There were only two starters in tbe
race for the Gratwicke stakes. W.
Low's bay colt, St. Brisby, by St Simon
out of Nandine, which beat the Duke of
Devonshire's bay filly Burgonet, by
Marion out oi Balonerick.
ANGLO-CELTIC CICLE FEUD.
Wheelmen Allow >ni ionahtu Prejudice
to Spoil Their Sport.
CHICAGO, 111. July 28.— A private let
ter from Dublin gives some interesting
details of the feud that is raging between
the cyclists of England and Ireland. The
trouble started with the adoption of a
resolution by the board of control of the
National Cyclists' Union of Great Britain
declaring tLat after June 15 no entries
from Irish riders should be accepted for
English championship races. Preyious to
this there had been an agreement between
the two principal amateur cycling organi
zations of England and Ireland, by which
members of each were entitled to compete
in races on either side of the Irish Chan
nel. Upon the issuance of the new order
an extraordinary general meeting was beld
of the council of the Irish Cyclists' Asso
ciation, and a resolution adopted barring
riders holding certificates oi the English
body from competing at Irish champion
ship sports.
SEXTUPLET AGAINST TRAIN.
Each Wins a Race Over the New York
Central I racks.
SYRACUSE, N. V., July 28.— Honors
were even to-day between the sextuplet
and the Empire State express in two races
along the New York Central tracks, where
a course had been specially prepared by
tbe New York Central Railroad Company.
On the outgoing trip the .textuplet led the
express in a half-miie dash by three
lengths.
The engineer had been warned to run
his engine at its best, but he could not
defeat the bicycle. The Empire State
express, which arrived in Syracuse at 3:50,
fairly defeated the sextuplet for half a
mile, though the wheel was only left
behind several lengths.
Ifith the Chess Players.
NUREMBURG, Bavaria, July 28.— The
eighth round of the international chess
tournament was played to-day. The re-
suits follow:
Schaliopp beat Showalter In a Petroff defense
after G4 moves.
Marocz)' and Techmann drew a Ruy Lopez
after 01 moves.
Marco beat Blackburn in a counter center
gambit after 86 moves.
Sehiechier and Oharousek drew a PQ4 open
ing after 09 moves.
Toshicoriu beat Lasker in a queen's gambit
after s(> moves.
Schiffers and Bteinitz drew a four knights
game in til MM,
Pilisbury beat Tarrasch in a queen's gambit
after til moves.
Albln ana Janowsky drew a Ruy Lopez after
64 moves.
Walbrodt beat Porges in a French defense
after 46 moves.
Winawer had a bye.
Clerk Cullen's Will.
The will of Police Property Clerk William
Cullen has been admitted to probate. Paul A.
Culien is appointed executor. The property
is worth $6000.
MEW TO-DAT.
That Boy
Of Yours
might as well be taught
economy now; might as
well dress him "swell,"
too. Let him acquire taste
. . ■ ■ ■ . - ■
in dress and learn the value
of money and you can trust
him to battle against the trials
of life. Our wholesale prices
are for boys too. Same high
grade of clothing and same "half
the retailer's price" as for men.
Children's Suits — jacket and
knee pants, 4 to 14 years, $2 and
$2 50. (A little higher for the
VERY best.
School Suits — jacket, pants and
vest, 9 to 15 years, $3.50 and $4.50.
Long Pants Suits, 12 to 18 years,
$5, $6 and $7.50.
All suits made of best and latest
fabrics, in blue, black, gray and brown,
■ ■* .- - -■•". ".. ■■ - ■ ■■■■'■• . . * ■ ' ■
BROWN^^
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS _^
"■ • '-- ' ' ■ • ■■ ■ ■-'. : -.'■■■'
KILAUEA SPOUTS
FIRE AND LAVA.
The Great Hawaiian Vol
cano Is Again in
Eruption.
aUIET FOR TWO YEARS.
Visitors Flocking to Points of
Vantage to View the
Outbreak.
ACTIVITY DAILY INCBEASING.
Anxiety Felt at Hilo and Other Points
About Severe Earthquake
Shocks.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, July 21. — Kiliauea,
the great Hawaiian volcano, after a state
o' quiescence lasting over a year and. a half,
and broken by but two short intervals of
spasmodic effort, haa again enterod upon
a period of violent activity. At the bot
tom of Halemauman, the central pit and
fire hole of the nine-mile crater, a lake of
liquid fire has already formed, streams of
molten lava are pouring into it from all
sides and two new minor craters have de
veloped upon the floor of the immense
pit, which, taken collectively, is knowa
as Kilauea, the largest active volcano In
the world.
The outbreak occurred at a few mo
ments after 7 o'clock on the evening of
the 11th inst., and from all reports so far
received from the Kamaainas (old set
tlers) of the big island there is every in
dication of permanency and a great en
largement of the area over which the
fiery streams will run and crimson foun
tains play. Inter-island steamers from
the Hawaiian metropolis are crowded with
local visitors, who are flocking to see the
latest phases of nature's most spectacular
phenomenon.
It is over two months now since
Mokuaweoweo, the summit crater of
Mauna Loa, suddenly and without warn
ing burst into splendor and shot a column
of blinding light into the sky — a rose*
colored shaft hundreds of feet in diameter—
whicn startled the inhabitants of all Hawaii
and was plainly visible from the higher
altitudes about Honolulu. Considerable
anxiety was felt at Hilo and other points
on the island of Hawaii, as it has fre
quently happened in the past that an
outburst at the summit was followed by
earthquake and lava flows down the moun
tain side, either one likely to be most dis
astrous in effect. However, the period of
duration was but a few days, and the fires
disappeared almost as quickly as they
came. Now they have blazed up again in
the old stamping ground of Pele. the
fire goddess, and in all probability have
come to stay.
Latest returns report a constantly in
creasing activity in the crater, two new
lakes at points not far distant from
Halemr.umau, where tbe seat of the great
est turbulence has generally been for gen
erations past, and, what wili prove of
prime interest to prospective visitors, a
chance to seethe whole show without leav
ing the comfortable vehicles which con
vey one to the hotel from the sea.
A good carriage road extends part of the
way round the rim of the main crater,
while the situation of the new fire lakes is
such that the play of the fountains,
streams of lava and other features are
plainly visible from the top of the walls.
Siddons Wins on a Foul.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 28.— 1 a a
prize-fight near this city to-night between
the lightweights, Siddons and Wilson,
Siddons was awarded the fight in the
seventh round on account of a foul.
34
VICTORIA SEALING
CLAIMS DECIDED,
Schooner Beatrice Awarded
Damages for Illegal
Seizure.
RESULT OF A TEST CASE
Great Britain Will Insist That
This Country Pay the
Judgments.
AMERICAN PATROL AT FAULT
Vessels Placed Under Arrest in Bsr
ing Sea Without Evidence
to Convict.
VICTORIA. B. C, July 28.— A case of
the greatest importance to sealing men —
an action for prospective damages in the
suit of the Crown vs. the schooner Bea
trice — has been decided in the Exchequer j
Court of Canada by "Chief Justice Davie, !
sitting as local Judge in admiralty. The j
Beatrice, of which Charles Doering was
owner and master, was seized by the
American cutter Richard Rush on the 20th
of August last, just as it had commenced
vrork among the seals in Bering Sea. It
was sent back to Victoria under arrest, j
and here was tried on a formal motion to
confiscate the vessel and contents to the
crown. In this action the preponderance
of evidence was with the vessel, the court
deciding that the seizure was wholly un- |
justifiable, and restoring the schooner,
stores and 203 skins aboard to the custody
of Captain Doerinc. the skins subsequently
boinp sold at $10 25 each.
The skipper of the Beatrice brought a
claim aeainst the British Government for
the value of the catch tnat might reason
ably have been secured had the schooner
been allowed to complete its season's hunt
mp. Several other vessels, notably the
K. B. Marvin, which were similarly situ
ated with regard to presumptive loss inci
dent to their seizure, determined to let the
Beatrice's appeal stand as a test case and
the hearing of the claim was accordingly
brought on as quickly as possible. The
Judge decided at the outset that the jus
tice of the claim could not be disputed,
and the evidence taken was almost en
tirely as to the extent and value of the
catch that the schooner might reasonably
have been expected to make had it com
pleted the season's hunting.
Alter comparing and averaging the
catches of all the schooners of the fleet
similarly outfitcd it was decided to allow
the Beatrice the value of 518 additional
skins at tbe price realized for those given
back to Captain Doering with his vessel.
From this total the court deducted the
value of the stores saved by the schooner's
early return, and an order was made for a
judgment against the crown for a net bal
ance— $3163 50.
The Marvin and several other vessels
will now go through the pleasing formal
ity of proving their consequential damage
claims, while Great Britain will insist that
the United States, by whose vessels the ir
regular seizures were made, must ul
timately loot the bills.
NOT PUDDIN'HEAD'S TEST
Painter Graham Acquitted of
the Charge of Malicious
Mischief.
Was Accused of Defacing Doors of
Dwellings to Cause His Em-
ployers Trouble.
' SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 28.— One of
the hardest fought legal battles in years in
this city was concluded in the City Justice
Court to-day, resulting in the vindication j
of the defendant. Thomas Graham, a '
painter by profession, was arrested, and
charged with malicious mischief in having 1
defaced the doors of two buildings which j
were undergoing painting at the hands of j
Sullivan, Kelly & Co's men. At the trial!
it was proved that a number of the em- i
ployed men had been having trouble with |
the firm's foreman, and through revenge
were supposed to have committed this
depredation. A seemingly complete chain
of circumstantial evidence connected Gra
ham with the outrage, but his counsel
proved an alibi, reinforced by the testi
mony of many merchants of the city.
Graham had been a member of a commit
tee from the Painters' Union, which had
spent the day on which the outrage was
committed in soliciting donations for me
parade of the union on the Fourth of July.
The trial was replete with surprises
from start to finish, but probably the
greatest of these was when Senator Sprague
and A. M. Seymour, counsel for the
defense, stated this afternoon that they
intended to introduce in evidence certain
thumb marks which had been left by the
guilty persons in black paint upon the
defaced doors. Senator Sprague stated
that these marks were clear and distinct,
showing all the delicate lines of the flesh,
and he proposed to place them under a
powerlul magnifying class, in conjunction
with the thumb of the defendant, and
prove his entire innocence. Unhappily
for the success of the mooted experiment
some vandal bad in the meantime de
stroyed the evidence and the practicability
of tiie bdieme, which would have so de
lighted Puddin'head Wilson, failed of de
monstration.
TALKING AGAINST TAXATION.
Manager Clayton of the San Mateo Electric
Railway Appears Before ' the
Equalizers.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 28.—Man
ager Clayton of the San Mateo Electric
Railway appeared before the State Board
of Equalization to-day and related a story
of the demoralization of values that was
startling in the extreme. The rolling
stock of his line, consisting of twenty-nine
cars, was so dilapidated that it was only
saved from sharing the fate of the mys
tical one-horse-shay by the firmness with
which it had been bolted together when it
left the manufacturers' hands. The rails
were not fitted for the labors required of
them; in fact, nearly the entire road
would have to be replaced within a year.
The road originally cost $1,030,000, but
could easily be replaced for $500,000.
During the past year it had been disposed
of at forced sale, bringing only $300,000,
though to be sure it was purchased by two
of the largest bondholders of the com
pany.
The valuation placed upon the road in
1895 by the bonrd was $150,000, and al
though Mr. Clayton admitted that at a
forced sale the road had brought twice
that amount, his petitition tiled with the
board estimated the proper valuation to
be $67,258. This petition inclosed a table
setting forth that the Market and Sutter
street railways were only assessed for 25
per cent of their real value, the California
street railway for 29 per cent and tbe
Geary-street for 35 per cent. He claimed
that his company's property was up ia
the 70's, and as it paid a gross percentage
of 2 per cent for license, and t as supposed
at irregular periods to perf j certain so
called improvements oti ne streets, he
considered that it wa« . bused cor
poration.
Then President Morehouse introduced
Manager Clayton into the maze of general
taxation, and the board adjourned, with a
smile of satislaction on the face of tbe
president.
SAX RAFAEL TRIAL.
Deputy Tax Collector Louaon Arraignea
for Emberzlemtint.
BAN RAFAEL, Cal., July 28.— The case
of the People vs. R. B. London, the de
faulting Deputy Tax Collector, was com
menced to-day. Judge Murphy of Saa
Francisco presided for Judge Angellottf.
District Attorney Martinelli appeared for
the people and Judge C. B. Darwin and T.
J. Crowley for the defense.
Martinelli, in opering tbe case, stated
that he expected to prove that R. B. Lou
don was guilty of the embezzlement of
public funds; that from some time in 1895
to June, 1896, he was the qualified Deputy
Tax Collector; that while so employed be
fraudulently appropriated public money
to bis own use.
Loudon has occupied several offices here
— Deputy Clerk, Deputy Auditor and
Recorder, City Clerk and other positions.
The only office to which he was elected
was that of the Clerk, the others being by
appointment. Hb failed to get bail and
has been kept in jail.
Fifteen jurors were examined this after
noon, but only two were accepted — Joseph
Gambetia of l^ovato and Thomas Powers
of San Rafael.
SANTA CRUZ CAMPERS,
Young Christians Gather at a
Sunrise Prayer-Meeting on
the Cliffs.
Songs of Praise Ascend From Endeavor
Rock With the Coming In
of Day.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 28.— The En
deavorers of the Christian Church en
campment at Garneid Park held a sunrise
prayer-meeting at Endeavor Rock, on the
cliffs, this morning. The scene is a beau
tiful one at all times, but with the early
suu, rising above the Santa Cruz range of
mountains, shedding warmth and bright
ness upon the city beyond and gilding the
white-capped breakers that beat against
the cliffs, that beauty is enhanced many
fold and tbe roar of the ocean is a wonder
ful contrast to the quiet of the near-by
fields, undisturbed save by the music of
birds. The Endeavorers have for several
years had their regular sunrise prayer
meeting on this rock, and this morning
the meeting under the leadership of Rev.
L. A. Pier was an earnest of the faith of
those who look for permanent results to
come out of this particular devotion.
The Endeavor convention was called to
order at the tabernacle in the park at 9
o'clock. Papers were read by Charles
Lewis of Santa Cruz on "Consecration";
by Jessie Brown of Woodland on "The
General Unrest of the Times," and by Rev.
Edwards Davis of Oakland on "The Ideal
Life." TheJ question box was conduct- d
by Rev. Henry Shadle of Saratoga, and
was followed by added pledges to the
Berkeley Mission, which made the aggre
gate $500.
T..e afternoon was occupied by the Jun
iors and Rev. W. A. Gardner and Moore
Hesketh addressed the session to-night.
The officers elected are: President,
Edwards Davis, Oakland ; secretary, W. A.
Conley, San Francisco; treasurer, Dr.
J. D. Hedges, San Francisco; junior sup
erintendent, Mrs. H. Shadle, Saratoga;
editor-in-chief, Mrs. Dr. J. H. Wood.
Berkeley; assistant editor, L. A. Pier,
Wiilows, first vice president, Miss Min
nie Hartley, Butte City ; second vice pres
ident, Miss Nettie Booth. Napa; third
vice president, Miss Nettie Gardner, San
Francisco; fourth vice president, E. H.
Baker, San Jose; fifth vice president,
Frank Craycroft, Fresno.
WAS DUNHAM THE THIEF?
Recovery of a JHfle Believed to Have Seen.
Stolen by the Murderer.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 28.— A light
rifle stolen from a cabin on the ranch of
Supervisor Lay at Glenwood two months
ago was recovered in this city to-day by
Officer Corey. At the time of the theft,
Dunham, the Campbells murderer, was
believed to have crossed tbe mountains
near Glenwood and gone on down the
coast, and the belief was that he had stolen
tbe weapons. Local officers began a quie
search for the missing arms. No trace of
tbe shotgun was found, but tbe rifle has
been identified by its owner, L. L. Merrill,
whose initials were cut in the stock be
neath and covered by tbe harp of the trig
ger. B. Laird had bold the rifle to a shoot
ing gallery.
When questioned to-day, LairH. said he
purchased it of a tall man who, he realized
afterward, would answer Dunham's de
scription accurately, though the fact did
not appear to him at the time. He paid
only $2 for tbe rifle, and he was more in
tent upon the bargain than upon the
stranger's identity.
Merrill is satisfied the weapons were
stolen by Dunham, and the officers are of
like opinion.
PRATTVILLE ACCIDENT.
A Child Crushed to Death by the Falling
of a Tree During a
Storm.
CHICO, Cal., July 2S.— News was re
ceived to-day from Prattville, a Bummer
resort in Plumas County, ot a sad acci
dent, which caused the death of a child on
Sunday.
The three children of C. G. Boiler, a
well-known resident of Chico, who is
"pending the summer in the mountains,
j were playing in the woods, when a heavy
thunder shower came up. The boys
sought shelter under a large tree. With
| out warning the tree was blown down.
I Two of the boys succeeded in escaping,
but the other, aged about 7 years, was
caught and crushed to death.
The boys gave the alarm, and Mr. Boiler
and another man hurried to the scene.
Nothing was visible of the child except a
hand and part of the arm. By sawing a
portion of the tree's trunk away the body
was extricated. The head, chest and legs
were crushed to a pulp.
Error of a Bakemfield Burglar.
BAKERSFIELD. Cal.. July 28.—Wil
liam Tracy was arrested for burglary this
morning. He bioke into a saloon and
stole a hat, a coat, two shirts, four bottles
of whisky, a demijohn of whisky, a gun, a
bottle of medicine, a bag of poker chips
and a roll of butter. He drank tbe bottie
ful of medicine and tried to drink all the
whisky, but failed. This led to his arrest,
with the evidences of his guilt about him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
SEATTLE CONVICT
ESCAPES DEATH.
Innocent of a Crime for
Which He Was Doomed
to Be Hanged.
HENRY CRAEMER'S LUCE
Trace of a Missing Witness
Found After a Long
Search.
CAS ESTABLISH AN ALIBI.
S:ntcnced to the Gallows for Murder,
bat Saved by a Faithful
Friend.
SEATTLE, Wabh., July 28.— After
nearly two years' diligent search on the
part of bis frien d O. F. Wegener, Henry
Craemer, who was convicted and sen
tenced to be hanged for the murder of
Mrs. Phillipine Mueller and ber babe on
the evening of Aueust 13, 1894, is about to
be saved from the gallows.
From the day of his arrest Craemer has
protested his innocence, stoutly main
taining that upon the day and hour of the
commission of the crime he was in
Tacoma, in company with a man named
"Jack" Quincy. The authorities from the
outset declared Quincy to be a myth, bat
Wegener has established beyond any
question the identity of the man, and by
the hotel registers disclosed that "Jack"
Quincy stopped on August 16, 1834. and
once in 1895, at s# hotel in Victoria, B. C.
Wegener is still prosecuting bis search for
Quincy, who is a prospector by occupa
tion, and he feels more than confident
that he will find the man in the mining
district of British Columbia.
Germans throughout tbe country, and
especially tboee in Philadelphia and San
Francisco, contributed money toward the
search for evidence of Craemer's inno
cence, which Wegener has been prosecu
ting. The latter hss some very sensa
tional affidavits, which he refuses to give
out now, concerning both officers and
witnesses for the prosecution.
SANTA CLARA'S DANGER,
Spread of Tuberculosis Among
Cattle Herds in the
County.
Inspector Spencer Authorized to Check
the Disease by Enforcing
the Law.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. July 28.— The meeting
at the Board of Supervisors' room to-day
for the purpose of taking steps to prevent
the sale of diseased nii!k and looking to
the inspection and extermination of
tuberculous cattle was largely attended.
Los Gatos, Santa Clara and Gilroy were
represented by municipal officers. The
Board of Health, tbe Common Council,
the Supervisors and representatives of the
medical fraternity were present, as were
also a large number of dairymen and
cattle-owners of the county. Chairman
Greeninger of the Supervisors presided.
Veterinary Inspector Bpencer said since
March 20 he had examined 892 head
of cattle. Of this number 225 had been
found to be diseased. During July 331
cattle had been examined. The state of
affairs was found to be appalling. The
dairymen have ordinarily submitted
gracefully to inspection, and until lately
had requested the slaughter of diseased
cattle. Over eighty bead of cattle had
been slaughtered. Those who refused to
kill their cattle threatened te drive them
to other counties.
Dr. Simon ton, president of the Santa
Clara Conntv Medical Society, said that
from July, 1894, to July, 1895, there were
11,349 deaths in the State, of which tuber
culosis stood at the head with 1789, pneu
monia 889 and stomach troubles 738. The
disease has in recent years been dis
covered to be not inheritable, but a com
municable disease, and he asked:
"What right has anybody to deal out
and sell poison to his neighbors, to chil
dren?"
The effect was appalling, said the doc-
I tor, and he cited that there was plenty of
j law to prevent the sale of this poison in
meat or in milk, and all that was needed
was backbone in the authorities to enforce
the laws.
The question of inspecting the herds and
killing the diseased cattle was discussed at
great length by tbe representatives of the
several cities and towns present, a great
niany.dairymen and cattle-owners joining.
A resolution was finally adopted in
structing Veterinary Inspector Spencer to
inspect the herds of the county and to kill
the condemned animals, but before in
specting to get a signed agreement from the
owner of the same to submit to tbe killing
of the diseased cattle. Tbe inspector was
also instructed to report each month the
owners of dairies who refused to submit to
inspection, and their names will be pub
lished.
DEATH RATHER THAN HUNGER.
Probable Suicide of a Man Who Could
Not Find Employment.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 28.— Jonn Hugh
lett of Morgan Hill left his home yester
day moraine in a half-crazed condition,
and it is feared he has killed Himself. At
one time Hughlett was wealthy, but for
the past year he has been obliged to sup
port his family by working as a laborer.
For some time work has been scarce.
Hughlett showed symptoms of insanity
yesterday. Taking his razor with him, he
started out in search of work after break
fast. Before leaving be expressed a de
termination to kill himself should his
search be unsuccessful. His wife became
alarmed and notified the neighbors, who
began a search for Hughlett, but without
success.
SHIPMENTS OF FRUIT.
Heavy Output of Prune* Front Santa
Vl arm County.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 28.— During tbe
year ending June 30, 1896, prune ship
ments from this county were heavier than
ever before, in that time 41,681,155 pounds
of prunos went forward, aeainst 27,107,815
for tbe year ending June 30, 1894. This is
an increase of over 14,000,000 pounds. The
prune shipments for tbe season of 1893
were 38,704.350 pounds; 1892, 16,366,795
--1891, 22.528,985; 1890, 12,089,030.
The foilowinp are the principal ship
ments for the year ending June 30, 1895-
Green fruit 16,066,550 pounds, canned
fruit 14.414,485, dried peaches 2.286,510,
dried apricots 2,221.585. other dried fruits
453,465, wine 8,654,515, garden seeds 1,
--158.345.
With the exception of prunes and gar
den seeds these shipments show a decrease
when compared with the shipments of the
season of 1894. Canned fruit shipments
fell off over 3,000 f uoo pounds, green fruit
13,000,000, dried peaches 2.500,000, dried ap
ricots 4,500,000 and those of all other kinds
of dried fruit 800,000.
Estimates of shipments for tbe coming
year place the prune and seed shipments
in excess of last year and those of green
and canned fruit, dried peaches, dried ap
ricots, other fruit ar,d wine equal if not
greater than the great crop of 1894.
Becomes an Insolvent.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 28.— A. L. Veuve,
formerly of the Shasta Lumber Company
bui now a deputy in the Tax Collector's
office, has filed a petition in insolvency.
He attributes his lailure to bad invest
ments. The liabilities amount to $8094.
There are assets amounting to $850 that
are exempt from execution.
TACOMA'S SENSATION.
The President of an Electric Light Com-
pany Arrested by the Mayor's
Order.
TXCOMA, Wash, July 28. -President
C. B. Hurley of the Commercial Electric
Light and Power Company was twice ar
rested to-day by orders of Mayor Fawcett.
The Mayor was present the first time and
assisted in taking him into custody. Hur
ley claims he was stretching wires on the
company's own poles, while the Mayor al
leges that the company has no franchise
to put up either poles or wires.
Hurley and one of his linemen, also ar
rested, were taken to police headquarters,
searched like ordinary vagrants and re
quired to deposit cash bail. Judge Reid
of the Municipal Court tlirew one case out
of court because no complaint had been
tiled. The second case will be heard in
the morning:, if Mayor Fawcett swears to
a complaint in the meantime, which he
says he Trill do. The Mayor is trying to
break up the company's business in the
interests of the city's light plant.
LOS ANGELES JUSTICE.
Detective Bradlmh'a Bravery Rewarded
by the Police Cotnmiation.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 28.— 1t pays
to be courageous as a member of the po
lice force of this city. At a meeting of the
Police Commission this morning tbe
-Mayor suggested that a recent act of
Officer Bradish of the detective force be
recognized in some manner by the board.
He stated that whenever the police officers
were negligent in their duty they were
"taken up short. " He felt that the brave
act of an officer should not go unrewarded.
This was in reference to the shooting of
the burglar "Scotty" Burns by Bradish on
Saturday evening in front of the Van Nuys
residence.
At the request of the Commissioners
the Chief made a brief statement of that
incident and Commissioner Long moved
that Detective Bradish be given two weeks'
vacation on full pay, and that a commu
nication be addressed to him from the
board congratulating him on his act, and
stating that tbe additional vacation given
him is in reward of his bravery. This
was passed unanimously.
RATTLESNAKE CANYON GAME.
Mountain Lion* keen a »*r Mile* From
Santa Barbara.
BANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 28.— A
mountain lion was seen a day or two ago
near the old De la Torre adobe ranch
house, in Rattlesnake Canyon. The ani
mal appeared not a rod away from George
Newton, who was Hunting. His com
panion fired at the beast. None of the
shots took effect, and the lion, which did
not seem in the least alarmed, trotted
quietly away. The lion is believed to have
bis den in this vicinity, where he has been
seen on several occasions. Tbe fresh
tracks of two other pumas have been fre
quently seen this summer around Seven
Falls, in Mission Canyon. These locali
ties are not more than four miles from
town, and the bis game is there awaiting
some ambitious local sportsmen.
Kail Collision at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 28.— A collision
between freight-cars at the railway depot
occurred last nigbt, and as a result work
men were busy all day clearing away the
wreck of the Valley Road cars that tbe
Southern Pacific train ran into. A fiat
car of the Valley Road was on the side
track near the freight depot, laden with
grain, and the switch-engine of the
Southern Pacific Company was at work
distributing cars loaded with wheat. The
fireman on the switch-engine did not
catch tbe signal and the engine with two
cars of giain went swiftly down the track
until it dashed into the Valley Road cars
on tbe siding. The cars were crushed to
kindling wood, while the wheat was scat
tered for many feet about. Both of the
Southern Pacific cars were wrecked.
Arrested at Portland.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 28.— Mary Ham
maney, a San Francisco girl of 17, is
under arrest here at the request of her
mother, at the bay, awaiting transporta
tion. Several weeks ago she left home
with Peter Josephs, a horse-trainer. Here
they lived as a married couple. Already
weary of the life Joseph forced upon her
since she ran away irom San Francisco
with him the girl is desirous of returning
home. Joseph stated to Detective Cody
that he and Mary intended getting mar
ried when they reached this city, but at
that time they were botli "broke and de
ferred carrying out the matrimonial
scheme until he got work. Joseph has
Deen ordered out of town.
♦
Suit Brought Agatntt Selma.
FRESNO. Cal.. July 28.— Suit has been
brought in the Superior Court ot Fresno
County by the Behna Water Company
against the municipality of Selma. 'I he
court is asked to set aside an ordinance
passed by the Town Council last year fix
ing the rate which the company might
charge for water. The water company
alleges that the rate is bo low that it will
be impossible to operate the plant. The
total income last year, it declares, was
only $2574, and from this all expenses Lad
to De paid, including wages ot employes,
repairs on machinery and interest on in
vestment.
Pacific Grove* Gathering.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., * July % 28.-A
number of 1 ministers with their families
arrived to-day for a summer encampment
under the auspices of the Paciric Grove
Retreat Association.* They came from
Sacramento and . other interior places.
Alter praise service this evening, Rev. W.
8. Matthew, D.D., lectured on "The Lord's
Heritage" in Assembly -Hail on Nine
teenth street. After the lecture there was
a revival service, which lasted until a late
hour and was well attended.
MBBht »~-* ' ■'
Littner-Greenhood Engagement.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., July 28.- While
not publicly announced, it is known that
a marriage engagement exists between
Meyer Leaner, a popular jtweler of this
city, of the tiro: of M. Lissner & Co., and
Miss R. Greenbood, daughter of M. Green
hood, cashier of the Calnornia Bank of
Oakland. The young people are well
known and highly esteemed in both cities.
Wanted at Baker* field.
BAKERSFIELD, Cat., July 28.— An
officer has cone to the mountains to arrest
Leroy Conger, son of Sidney Conger, the
Indiana Congressman, on a charge of
stealing a wagon. He borrowed the ve
hicle to go camping and claimed it wbe
accidentally burned, but it is said as
soid it.
LOS ANGELES'
REFORM WAVE,
Progress Made by the Non-
Partisan Municipal
League.
TO OUST THE BOSSES.
Thorough Organization Will Bs
Perfected in Every
Ward.
PLANS FOB THE CAMPAIGN.
Changes in tbe City Charter Are to
Ba Advocated to the
Voters.
Los Angeles Office op The Call, )
328 South Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal., July 28.)
The committee appointed by the Mu
nicipal Reform League to formulate a plan
of action looking toward a non-partisan
movement for better city government re
ported to the general committee in the
rooms of tbe Merchants' and Manufac
turers' Association here this evening.
Tne reDort, which was read by Fred L.
Alles, secretary of the orpanizauon,
treated of the needs of this city in the
way of municipal reform, and many of the
reasons why abuses and extravagances
now exist.
Tbe plan outlined is a comprehensive
one and seeks first of all to amend the
city charter, so that ofjice-holders shall be
directly responsible to the people for their
acts, as well as the abolition of the offen
sive patronage system.
Allied organizations are to be formed in
wards and precincts, and the festive but
persistent political boss Is to be relegated
to private life. The name adopted is tbe
League for Better City Government. Men
are to be chosen for office because of their
known honor, integrity and capacity,
while the general patronage is to be based
on efficiency, and all men shall take office
absolutely untrammeled.
A general meeting of the masses will
soon be called, and the movement pushed
in all quarters of the city. The next mu
nicipal election occurs early in December,
when it is proposed to wipe out political
rings, retire the "push" and put the city
on au honest, efficient and economical
basis.
SANTA CRUZ REPUBLICANS.
Thorough Organisation of the Party in
City and County.
. SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 28.— Samuel
M. fcshortridge, while in. Santa Cruz on
legal business to-day, met some of the
leading members of the McKioley Club.
He expressed himself to-night as having
great confidence in the thorough organiza
tion of the party being accomplished in
this county. Mr. Shortridge said that in
his recent visits to other counties he had
seen similar determination shown by the
Republican club* to hold the organization
strong Tor the . purposes of it. He was
pleased to see 'the .same ' spirit manifest
cere. .
Mr. Shortridge spent some time with Mr.
Dake, Assemblyman Galbraith and others,
who expressed to him their faith in the
success of the party in this county, as well
as in the State and Nation. Mr. Short
ridge was surprised to learn the strength
of the club, which is only a week old, and
he was assured' that the evidence of the
full strength 1 of the organization could not
be estimated by the present membership,
which will be largely augmented on
Thursday night at the second regular
meeting.
Hubbell a€ San Bernardino.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., July 28.— A
large audience was addressed to-night by
Judge Hubbell of Indiana. The Judge is
a powerful and eloquent speaker and his
address undoubtedly made many Repub
lican votes. He handled all questions
with candor and prowess, and his many
telling points were enthusiastically
cheered. The Republicans are exceed
ingly well pleased with the opening of the
campaign in this city.
NAPA MOURNS HER DEAD
George N. Cornwell Ends a Long
Illness by Committing
Suicide.
Tragic Death of a Man Frequently
Honored by the Voters of
His County.
NAPA, Cal., July 28.— George N. Corn
well, one of Napa's oldest residents end a
pioneer of this State, died this morning
at 10:30 o'clock from the result of a pistol- !
shot wound inflicted by himself with sui- j
cidal intent. Cornwell went into bis gar- !
den to take his life. He shot himself j
through the mouth, the bullet lodging in j
the brain. He staggered toward bis house,
but soon fell. The old gentleman was ,
carried into the house and medical aid was :
summoned, but he Boon expired. Corn
well gave as the cause of his despondency
the fear of suffering from a cancer. He
harl been ill for weeks.
George N. Cornwell was born in Albany
County, New York, on March 2*2, 1835,"!
His father and mother died before he
reached his seventeenth birthday. At the
age of eighteen he went to Cincinnati,
I where he finished learning the cabinet
| makers' trade. He returned to Albany,
I New York, enlisting in Sterenson's regi
ment, which came to California in 1847.
He remained in the service until the
fall of 1848, when he went to the mines. '
In 1849 he located in Napa since, which
time he has been influential in the public
affairs of Napa and of the State. He
served in the State Legislature two terms,
and in 1876 he was sent from this district
to the National Democratic Convention in
St. Louis.
m
SANTA ROSA SOCIALISTS.
District Organiser Lynch Form* a
■■ . Branch Section. .
SANTA .ROSA, Cal.. July 28.— Theodore
Lynch, district organizer of the Socialist
Labor ? party, has been .in Santa Rosa for
several days for tne purpose of organizing
a branch 'section of Socialists. Re-enforced
by several •ex-members; of the Altrurian
colony of Mark West, Lynch perfected an
organization here Saturday night. /
N. G. 7 Peterson was elected local organ
izer, with J. J. Pheips as secretary and
Mrs. R. Peterson treasurer. W. J. Yolk
will act as librarian and attend to the dis
tribution of party literature.
During the daily addresses of the orjran
izer large crowds gathered, expecting to
hear anarchism and "blood to the bridles"
preached, but they were agreeably sur
prised to hear only suggestions for the
gocd of mankind. He declared that un
der.socialistic rule two hours of labor each
day would produce all of the luxuries and
necessities required by man, thus giving
more time for the development of human
genius.
From the interest taken in the move
ment it is apparent tnat there are many
disciples of Bellamy in this city who, be
lieving with him that socialism is "thf
religion of all hearts and the heart of all
religions," will aid in spreading the doc
trine.
Corral Hollow Accident.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 28.— William
Keating, a carpenter in the employ of the
Alameda and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way, met with a serious accident at the
mines at Corral Hollow this morning. He
was at work on the coal bunkers, when he
saw a heavy piece of timber above him
about to falj, and leaped from the scaffold
ing. Before be struck the ground the tim
ber caught him, pinning him to the
ground, crushing his chest and bruising
him about the head. No bones were
broken, but Keating is badly bruised. The
flesh on his chest is mangled and it will be
some time before he will be able to resume
bis labors.
The Philadelphia Leaves Portland.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 28.— The United
States cruiser Philadelphia left this morn
ing for the Bound. During the nine days'
stay of the splendid ship at Portland her
offiers and crew have proved entertainers,
and they have been entertained in a style
which, they declare, no city the cruiser
has as yet visited has excelled. The visit
of the Philadelphia has, in both a social
and business sense, been profitable to
Portland. The drill on Multnomah Field
afforded cleaner and better amusement to
more people at one time than ever as
sembled together in the city.
Tragedy Near Dayton.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., July 28.—
News was received here this evening of
the suicide of A. J. Titus, a prominent
farmer of Columbia County. Titus resides
on a farm of 320 acres about five miles
north of Dayton, on the Covello. This
morning a neighbor went to the barn and
found Titus with a rope abound his neck,
hanging to a rafter. Titus had a mort
gage on the farm for $1700, and as his
wheat crop was a failure, owing to the hot
winds, he became despondent and killed
himself. He was about 65 years Qld.
Ontario Water Company Incorporated.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cai*, July 28.-
Articles of incorporation of the Mountain
View Water Company were filed to-day
with the County Clerk. The charter is
for fifty years. The capital stock is $30,875.
Prominent men in San Bernardino County
are the incorporators. The principal
place of business is North Ontario and the
object is to develop and sell water to the
Ontario Colony, one of the best citrus fruit
regions in all Soutnern California.
Found Dead Near Etiwanda.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., July 28.—
Antonio Martinez, a Mexican, was found
dead under a tree near Etiwanda, in this
county, yesterday. His residence was
Redlands Junction, but he bad been work
ing near Etiwanda. Coroner Keating went
out to investigate and found that the
cause of death was too much whisky and
camphor.
Tejon Rancher *n Trouble.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 28.— Henry
Woodson. a rancher at Tejon, was arrested
to-day on a charge of setting fire to the
grain stacks of John Morris, a neighbor,
destroying the entire crop of the latter.
Woodson protests his innocence, but the
tracks of the supposed incendiary were
traced from his place to Morris' and back
again.
Pacific Grove School Cloted.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July 28.— The
summer school at the Hopkins Sea
side Laboratory is closed. This is a branch
of the Stanford University for summer
work in marine botany. There were a bout
100 students here studying iv this branch.
Sacramento fruit for London.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 23. — The
California Fruit Transportation Company
sent out its fourth London special train of
the season to-night. The train consisted
of ten cars.
Fourth District. *
The Spear delegation to the Republican
State Convention from the Fourth Congres
sional District held an adjourned meeting last
evening in the Baldwin Hotel, at which eleven
members of the State Central Committee were
named in opposition to those already enrolled
by the regular organization.
There was adopted a resolution calling for a
Joint meeting with the delegates from San
Fianclsco to the Fifth District Congressional
Convention, to be held Friday evening in the
Shiels building, in the interest of party har
mony. Having adopted this invitation the
convention adjourned until that evening.
Fletcher Hart by a Bicycle.
George R. Fletcher, the superintendent of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery and president of
the Federation and Point Lobos improvement
clubs, and also president of the Forty-first Dis
trict Republican Club, was knocked down on
Kearny and Geary streets on last Saturday
evening by a reckless bicycle rider. The force
of contact had the e fleet of throwing Mr.
Fletcher against an electric car of the Kearny
street line whereby his shoulder was dislo
cated, causing lntn to be confined to bis bed
since.
Home From Hawaii.
William Mscdonald, colonel of the First In
fantry Regiment, National Guard of California,
arrived in San Francisco yesterday on the
steamer from Honolulu. He was greeted by
Major D. E. Mills and the news imparted tb
him that Nathaniel T. James had been com
missioned major-general. Colonel MacdouaM
seemed to be pleased that so worthy a guards
man had been appointed to command the
division.
The Divorce Court.
Judge Hebbsrd yesterday granted a divorce
to Thomas P. Gorham from Eva L. Gorham,
! because of the tatter's willful desertion. It
{ seems to have been a cascot too much mother-
I in-law. Mrs. Gorham's maternal parent lives
j in Nebraska, and continually wrote to her
daughter requesting her to come home. She
I finally did so. After waiting six years for his
I wife's return. Gorham got a divorce.
An Unknown Man Drops Dead.
An unknown man about <J0 years old dropped
dead on Harrison and Fifteenth streets yester
day afternoon. His body was removed to the
Morgue. There was a card of tbe Potrero
Hotel found on the body.
Snit in LM'-clment.
Joseph Jlust i has entered a suit in eject
ment agains. James Brehany and wife, who
are claimed \o unlawfully withhold the prem
ises at 516 Taylor street from the plaintiff.
The Thelin Ordered Sold.
In the United States District Court yesterday
a verdict was entered by default against the
schooner Jennie Thelin in favor of the Hum
boldt Lumber Manufacturing Company for
NEW TO-DAT.
pr%iTiJEALTH Z 1
SENT FREE
Sj A. little book that should be in every 8
P| home. Issued by the manufacturers A
I Gail Borden Eagle Brand n
I Condensed Milk
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
♦/ 71 Hndioa Street, New York J
$4000. claimed as salvage. The Thelin was in
colision with another schooner in Hunpboldt
Bay some months ago, receiving injuries which
would have resulted in her total loss had not
the tug Ranger, owned by the lumber com
pany, towed her to the mud flats. The owners
of the schooner refused to pay for the service,
whereupon a suit for salvage was begun. The
court ordered the vessel sold within two days
and the proceeds brought into court for proper
distribution. .
Catting Down the Trees.
The large pine trees which have stood for a
number of years in Calvary Cemetery along
the line of Geary street, are beinir cut down
for firewood. Tne growth of those trees have
as-umed such large dimensions as to make
them a menace to safety at the season when
sironp wind visits the City Besides, the roots
have extended against the wall, which sup
ports the embankmen,'. of the cemetery ground
on the north side. Thsir removal will add a
more pleasing appeararce to the inclosure, as
also permitting more sunlight to the dwellings
ou the opposite side of (ieary street.
Guardian Appointed.
Frank J. Kane was yesterday appointed guar
dian of Josephine Fox, a minor. Kane is a
representative of the Society for the Preven
tion ol Cruelty to Children, and his ward is
said to bave been amcDi.' evil nssociates.
m § mlpSr- ET rid of your P im *
I ' n L." — if j P^ es and f acia * blem-
-1 I JP^y -'if ' ishes and don't ever
\^kW/SL3} \ use iodide of potas-
w^^^^Bß^^ 11 siuru again. Remem-
V' Q^J "^k Wber, the best sarsa-
|parilla is iS;all sarsa-
that is all saisa-
parilla and herbs and. contains no
mercurial poisons. When you want the
best get the best, and don't let your drug-
gist substitute. The best is
Danger to
Uullgul 111
Young Men.
The chances of total loss of manly power
are so great in men who 'find Blight indi-
cations of a waste in the system.that it is
vitally important that such indications be
attended to at ance. They should be
checked while such a thing is possible, for
if they are permitted to continue, instead
of stopping naturally, they will oecome
greater from day to day. and will, in a few
years, completely disrupt the whole nerv-
ous and vital .oraariism. . ; : ■<■ ■ ;
v Young men who notice what they con-
sider light symptoms of weakness do not
realize the danger that lurks in their path.
They do not understand the serious conse-
quences, the destruction of nerve tissue,
waste of vital force and power of brain,
loss of flesh, loss of memory and total
im potency. These are ' the consequences
that follow in the trail of slight evidences
of weakness.
CURE IT NOW.
To protect your future manhood, to
guard against total loss of vitality, regain
your health now. While youth is at hand
to bring happiness and joy, such as comes
to the strong/drive away the cause of de-
pression, bring back confidence, bright
eyes and happy disposition. Bring them
back naturally by removing the weakness.
You can do this with
DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
MANHOOD QUICKLY RESTORED.
Westminster, Orange Co., Cal., )
May 18, 1896. \
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: The Belt which
■ I bought irom you some time ago has cured
me. My disease was seminal weakness of five
years' standing. I used all kinds of drugs and
patent medicines, and was, when I began
your treatment, in a very weak ■ condition,
both from my trouble and the many different
drugs I had taken. As soon as I applied your
Belt I found relief,' in three weeks a general
improved conditon, and I; am now entirely
cured. I cannot say too much in praise of your
Belt. Yours truly. J. M. HUBBARD.
A GRATEFUL DAIRYMAN.
\ |Ban Francisco, Cal. , April 8, 1896.
Dr.. A. T. Sand«n— Dear Sir: When I got your
Belt a few. months ago I was awful nervous
and weak. I. was almost broken down with
nervous debility, I could not work and could
not sleep. During the afternoon I would get
bo weak I . could hardly finish my . day's work.
I got your Belt and had only worn 'it a month
when I eot my streneth back no that I could
work hard all day wi thout ; getting tired, and
have been well and strong ever since. ■It la
the best thing I ever used, and I will always
recommend it. Yours very truly, ■ .
ED. M. PIERCE,
Guadaloupe Dairy, Fifteenth avenne and San
Bruno road, San Francisco. :
. Men who are weak, or who feel an v sign
of weakness; should try this famous" Elec-
tric Belt. It will give you new life and
energy. It cures all the effects of youth-
ful errors. Send for the book "Three
Classes of ; Men," which Dr. Sanden will
send, closely sealed, free on application.
Call or address
SANDEN electric CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco, -
Opposite Palace HoteL Office hours; a *. v. la
8:30 p. it.'. Sundays, 10 to 1.
. ■ Consultation Fiee and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
IiOS ANGELEB, I PORTLAND. OK.
•, 20* South Broadway. | 253 Washington strMt.
COAL! COAL !
•Wellington.... $10 .
South Held ...950 , >■ ■ , ,-*•••
Genuine Coos 8ay.....;..... 6 50— Half ton. 3*60
Seattle 800— Half ton. 400
Bryant v.v... 7 00— Half ton. 400
" Telephone— Black— 3s. '
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
638 Howard Street, Near First.
S! OPIUM
The par* essential extract from the native drag • Con-
. tains ail ■ the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
.■vmnout Ha noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach 1
mo Tomlt jig ; no coativenes a . no headache. AU Druggists.CYCLISTS EXPRESS
DEEP INDIGNATION
Caustic Resolutions Against
the Police and Vin
ing's Railway.
ADDRESS TO WHEELMEN
Chief Crowley Blamed for the
Disturbances the Night of
the Parade
VERY FEW MEMBEBS DISSEKT
Reports of All Committees Accepted
and Arrangements Made for
a Banquet
The executive committee of the Cycle
Board of Trade and Southside Improve
ment Clubs met at the Indiana Bicycle
Company's establishment, 18 McAllister
street, last night, to listen to the reports
of committees and wind up the business of
the parade. The "business of the parade"
proved to be pretty wide in its scope be
iore the meeting adjourned, and ended in
a drastic condemnation of the police and
the Market-street Railroad Company.
The report of the committee on prizes
was accepted, and a vote of thanks was
extended it for the efficiency with whicn it
had performed its duty.
A vote of thanks was also extended
those who had been enthusiastic enough
to help out the parade by decorating along
tbe line of march, and to tbe Street De
partment for the excellent manner in
which it had prepared the streets for
the occasion.
Dr. Rottanzi, president of the Southside
Improvement Clubs, made a short speech
eulogizin»JSergeant Price for the thorough
manner in which he had preserved order
at the speakers' stand on Van Ness avenue.
The following address to the bicycle
clubs of this City was issued by the com
mittee:
To the Bicycle Clubs of San Francisco: The San
Francisco Cycle Boara of Trade and Southside
Improvement Clubs in regular session extends
to you their thanks and congratulations for
your hearty participation in the parade of July
'25. In point oi numbers the procession ex
ceeded any similar demonstration ever held
west of Chicago. In regard to original and ar
tistic decoration of wheels and tandems your
efforts have never been equaled nor exceled.
We regret that better police protection was
not possible in our City and we deplore the
i and unreasonable conduct of the Mar
ket-syeet Railroad company.
We can assure you, however, that the objects
of our demonstration have been fully accom
plished and that we have aroused the sympa
thy and secured the support of the well
wishers of San Francisco in regard to the beu
terment of our streets ana pavements.
San Franoisco Cycle Boaed of Tbadi—
c J. 8. Conwell, President.
James m. Hamilton, Secretary.
SorTHsiDE Improvement Ci,cbs—
T. A. Rottanzi, M. D., President.
I. Schwartz. Secretary.
A reahot discussion was precipitated by
J. J. McEwen, who introduced a resolu
tion severely censuring the Market-street
Railway Company for the manner in
which cars bad been run through the
crowd, the result of which was to break
the parade up into sections and destroy
che effect coming from unity, and the in
difference of the police.
A. B. Magi'ire was opposed to any such
resolution being adopted on the grounds
that the police had done all in th*ir power
to keep the unruly element in order, and
that the railway company would retaliate
by making things as uncomfortable for
cyclists in future as possible.
To this argument Henry F. Wynne re
torted that if they permitted themselves
to be overridden without a murmur at this
time they would always be so treated, that
the railroad company had acted shame
fully in the matter and should be criti
cized as they deserved, and that as regards
the police they were perfectly able to be
out in force around the Pavilion and keep
immense crowds orderly when some
"plng-uglies" were engaged in battering
each other, and it was very peculiar they
could not so in this case.
W. J. Kenney thought the palice had
done all they could to assist in making the
parade a success. He said he had had a
conference with Chief Crowley, in which
the* latter had explained to him the diffi
culties arising in handling a mixed crowd,
and as for nimself he was perfectly satis
tied.
Wavering sentiment was fixed by the
stand taken by Chairman J. 8. Conwell,
who believed with Wynne that the Chief
could spare men enough to preserve order
at a pr.ze- fight and was dissembling when
he intimated that he could not do so in the
case of a cyclists' parade.
Upon putting the resolution to a vote
it was adopted aimost unanimously. The
following is the text of tbe resolution:
Whereas, The cyclists' good streets demon
stration, under the joint auspices of the San
irancisco Cycle Board of Trade and Southside
Improvement Clubs, held on Saturday, July
'2b, was interfered with by roughs, hoodlums
and other disreputable characters, and al.-o
especially by the electric und cable cars of tbe
Market-street Railroad Company on Folsom,
Market and Kearny streets, even to the ex
tent of some of the cars running into and
overturning some ot the bicyclists, therefore
bu it
Resolved, That we, the executive committee
of toe above demonstration, denounce tbe in
efficiency and neglect of the Police Depart
ment in no; furnishing sufficient proteotion;
apd also especially condemn and denounce
the Market-street Railroad Company for their
outrageous, high-handed actions in operating
and insolently intruding their cars, thus
breaking into the parade and materially inter
fering with its success.
After the adoption of the resolution, the
bills were audited, and the general finan
cial matters of the occasion settled up.
o A committee of two. in the persons of
A. B. Maguire and Henry F. Wynne, was
appointed to arrange for a banquet in
which the members of the executive com
nnttee and a few invited guests should
participate.
Resolutions of thanks were adopted for
the press, tlie press committee, I. Schwartz,
P. m Heßwen, and Dr. T. A. Rottanzi;
\V. J. McKenney, the chairman of the
parade committee; tbe committee who
had°charge of the speakers' ntand. Treas
urer James M. Hamilton, and Secretary
K. Wiener.
The committee then adjourned sine die.
ROAD CLUB TAKES ACTION.
Oundemm the Market-Street Railway
Company aurt the Police Department.
The San Francisco Road Club met last
' evening and passed resolutions condemn
ing the action of the Market-street Rail
way Company and the Police Department
during the good streets demonstration on
the evening of July 25th. Following are
the resolutions:
Whekeas, The executive committee of the
good streets demonstration ol July 25 did all
in its power that human ingenuity or fore
sight could do to make the cyclers*' Darade a
jr-aii'l .-uccc-ss and an occasion that would be
mvLiionble as an p;ioch in the development of
pood itreeta in our fair City; and whereas, the
urfficiency, neglect, care leas ness and incom
petence ot'tne heads of the Police Department
and Marktu-street Railway Company caubed
dissatisfaction and disappointment to the
thousands of expectant spec'ators, many of
vhom had come miles to participate, and by
their presence and encouragement give cvi- ,
dence of their sympathy and support to the
cause oi good streets; be it
Resolved, That we condemn the action of the
Police Department and Market-street Railway
Company for their gross carelessness and neg
lect; and be It further
Resolved, That we thank the South Side Im
provement clubs for their efl orts in behalf ot
good streets.
THEY'RE FOR M'KINLEY.
Another Club With 146 Charter Mem-
bera Organized in the Forty-
Second DUtrict.
The enthusiasm in this City over the
coming Republican campaign is demon
strated by the fact that night before last
another McKinley club was organized in
the Forty-secoud District. The organiza
tion was completed at American Hall, cor
ner of Pacific and Leavenworth streets.
The meeting was called to order by
Joseph Murray. Permanent officers were
elected as follows:
President, Charles Eaton; vice-presi
dent, John Geils; secretary, William B.
Colligan; treasurer, Joseph Murray; ser
geant-at-arms, Harry Kenney.
The roil was signed by 146 members, and
next Monday evening will aeain be open
for signatures.
Meetings of the club will be held every
Monday evening at American Hall, and
the club will vigorously prosecute the Mc-
Kinley and Hobart campaign from now
till election.
• — * — • ■
"FEED THE BIRDS, MAMMA."
Charles Zany's Bequest to Hli Wife Be
fore Being Locked Up.
Charles Zang appeared before Judge Low
yesteiday to explain why he had threat
ened to kill his wife Sophie, who lives at
812 Jessie street. After hearing the evi
dence the Judge felt inclined to discharge
Zang. As soon as Zang perceived this he
commenced a tirade of abuse against his
wife which had quite a different effect
from what be anticipated.
"You are a coward, sir," said the Judge
as he thumped the bench, "and I will hold
you in $500 bonds to keep the peace toward
your wife. You will be kept in custody
till you can furnish the bonds."
As Mrs. Zang, with a smile on her face,
was leaving the courtroon, Zang ran to
ward her and cried, "Feed the birds,
mamma, feed the birds. Don't let the
little darlines starve." Mrs. Zang prom
ised to feed them.
DON'T LIKE THE IDEA,
Unemployed Do Not Take
Kindly to Booth-Tucker's
Suggestion.
Indignant at the Ruling of Chairman
Craig at Monday Night's
Meeting.
A meeting of the unemployed to protest
against the resolutions adopted Monday
night at Metropolitan Temple was held
yesterday afternoon at 1159 Mission street.
Fully 100 were present at the meeting,
which was presided over by H. C. Smith.
Paul Hartman acted as secretary.
George Specd — who offered an amend
ment to the resolution adopted at Metro
politan Temple, but was ruled out of order
by Chairman Craig — made a spirited
speech denouncing the Salvation Army,
and moved that a manifesto be issued
"setting forth the present conditions of
labor and the futility of any such patch
ing-up process as that offered by the Sal
vation Army."
In support of bis amendment Mr. Speed
declared that the Salvation Army was or
ganized to aggrandize upon the misery of
the poor. "They boast," he aaid, "that
from their London industrial farm they
made $104,000. All this doubtless went
into the coffers of the army, and the poor
men who earned it are none the better off.
"They cannot do ns any good. The only
thing. ior the unemployed to do is to stand
together and parade themselves openly
and frankly and compel the people to
recognize their condition, if the Salva
tionists really had your interests at heart
why were not some of your representatives
asked to be on the platform last night?
Why were yon not consulted? Do they
think that they are more competent to
know what you want than you yourselves
are? They are not working forour inter
ests. The only thing for us to do is to band
together and become fully class-conscious."
The resolution was unanimously car
ried and a committee of three, consisting
of Messrs. Speed, Grimes and Oliver, was
appointed to draw up the manifesto.
Upon the motion of Dr. Willey a com
mittee consisting of Messrs. Lewis, Edlin,
Volney Brown and Smith was appointed
to devise some practical plan to aid the
unemployed. The committee will report
at the meeting to be held at 2 o'clock this
afternoon.
Dr. Spuraeon of the Jesus Christ Army
spoke briefly in denunciation of the Salva
tion Army, which, he declared, had en
tered a number of fields of industry and
had driven workers out. Chairman Smith
also made a few remarks, in tne course of
which he declared that there would be no
hope of permanent improvement for the
unemployed until the overthrow of the
competitive system. The meeting then
adjourned to meet at 2 o'clock this after
noon.
The City Central Committee of the
Socialist- Labor party of this City at their
meeting to-night, after transacting the
regular business, took up the matter of the
unemployed's protest at the meeting of
the Salvation Army in Metropolitan
Temple Monday night.
After discussion a motion was carried to
the effect that the action of the unem
ployed in protesting against the Salvation
Army, or any other reiigious body en
deavoring to canvass the City in the name
of the unemployed for food, money or
land for the purpose of establishing a poor
farm, be indorsed, and the sympathy of
the body be extended to them in their
battle against hypocrisy and injustice.
It was also decided that the present
central committee's term of office expires
on Tuesday night, August 4, when the
new delegates elected from the different
Assembly districts will be installed and
will take up the work of the campaign and
business of the Socialist-Labor party of
this City.
PHOENIX DRILL CORPS.
A Drill Hall Secured and the New
Distributed.
At the regular meeting of the Phoenix Re
publican Club last night Scottish Uall was
found too small to accommodate the number
attending and t. committee was appoiu ted to
secure larger quarters.
The club button wag received and dis
tributed among the members. It consists of
the "phoenix," with the words, "Phoenix Re
publican Club, 1896."
The drill corps is now in full sway and the
members are being measured for their uni
lorms. A special hall will be secured in which
to drill.
Kemarks were made by Judge Dibble and A.
R. Kunaeer. after which Beveial members con
tributed songs, music and recitations.
« ♦ — «
Sale of Church Property.
The Van Ness Avenue Methodist Episcopal
Church has: applied to the Superior Court for
permission to sell : its property on Van Ness
avenue, near Bush street. The church owns
two lots,' one of ■ which i was sold to William F.
Gibson ■ to '■ satisfy > a mortgage of $20,000 held
by the , People's Home Savings Bank. The
other was encumbered rto : the extent of 12,
--139, due the First National Bank of this City.
The church desires to pay off the Indebted
ness on the second lot and to repurchase the
first and then : sell the two, so that enough
money may be realized ■ to -. purchase r property
on which to erect a new church edifice.'
• ♦ — •
1 Borrow on sealskins, silks and lewels at Uncle.
Karris'. 16 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
WARRANT ISSUED
FOR C. O. SWANBERG
Complaint Sworn To Yes
terday Before Judge
Conlan.
CHARGED WITH PERJURY
Eastern Police Have Been Noti
fied to Place Him Under
Arrest.
OTHER CHARGES WILL BE MADE
Attorney Thornton Fears, However,
That Swanberg Succeeded in
Escaping.
Chief Crowley yesterday morning Bet
the wires in motion to effect the arrest of
Charles 0. Swanberg on a charge of per
jury, and at any moment word may be re
ceived that he has been captured.
The warrant for his ar.rest was sworn to
before Judge Conlan, and the complaining
witness is Attorney Ludwig M. Hoefler of
532 Market street
In tbe complaint it is alleged that on
June 19 Swanberg perjured himself by
testifying before Jndge Coffey that he had
C. O. Swanberg.
not known Louis Corriveau, whose estate
worth $75,000 was in probate, previous to
August, 1893, whereas it is claimed that
he had known him since January, 1&92.
It was tbe intention to take the matter
before the Grand Jury on Monday, but it
was found that the jurors were so busy
they could not consider it before Friday.
Recourse waa therefore had to tfce Police
Courts so as to intercept Swanberg with
out delay.
C. H. Westphal, representing H. W.
Westphal, called upon Captain Lees yes
terday morning with the information that
Swanberg is now in Chicago, where he
would be joined by his wife and daughter,
preparatory to making his annual trip to
Sweden.
Mr. Westphal denounced the warrant of
arrest as an outrage, and offered to bring
Swanberg back to meet the charge, pro
vided his expenses going and coming were
paid.
The proposition was submitted to Crit
tendon Thornton, the attorney for the
prosecution, who promptly rejected it.
Chief Crowiey, who was called in, said he
had no funds to draw from, and the mat
ter would have to go through the usual
channels, so that the expense would be
borne by the State.
Attorney Thornton demanded that
steps should be taken to have Swanberg
arrested. Judge Conlan was sent for and
the complaint was carefully examined and
found to be all right. The Chief then
wired to Chicago and other coints East,
notifying the police that Swanberg was
wanted and to place him under arrest.
Attorney Nagle, wno represents Swan
berg, was also a visitor at police head
quarters. He claimed that even if Swan
berg had testified falsely as to the length
of his acquaintance with Corriveau the
issue was immaterial. He denounced the
proceeding as a piece of blackmail, and
said if Swanberg were arrested he would
go to Sacramento and plead with Gover
nor Budd to refuse to issue requisition
papers.
As soon as word is received of Swan
berg s arrest Detective Ross Whitnker will
be sent to Sacramento with the requisi
tion papers and to bring him back to the
City,
Attorney Crittenden Thornton, when
seen last night lieciined to say what future
course was to be pursued in reference to
Swanberg and Westphal. Said ne: "I do
not believe it would be fair to my clients
to make the matter public, and I do not
wish to facilitate the escape of these men
by outlining our course. I fear that the
premature publication of the facts of the
case in the papers has given Swanberg an
excellent chance tor escape. I will say
however, that if Swanberg be arrrested
other charges besides ihe pending charge
of perjury will be placed against him.'
This and other statements of Attorney
Thornton indicate that there is much
more in the matter than appears upon its
'a *v Monday ni ght the attorney
stated that the amount of money involved
was ?175,000. This amount of $175 000
however, Attorney Thornton declares is
in connection with quite another matter.
Papers will be filed to-day in reference
to the Swanberg matter, but just what is
the nature of these papers Attorney Thorn
ton refused to say. "We do not wish to
play our cards into our opponent's hands
by disclosing what we intend to do " he ex
plained.
Meanwhile word from the East is eagerly
awaited by those who are anxious to see
bwanberg in the custody of the police
A TITLE MAKES TROUBLE
Two Local Grocers' Associations
Have a Dispute About
a Picnic.
But the Picnic Will Be Held and the
Title Omitted to Some
Extent
There is an active antagonism *oing on
between two associations of City grocers.
It is over the right to use the title "Retail
Grocers' Protective Union" in con
nection with advertising a picnic to be
held at Scduetzen Park on August 9.
The story in it goes back to 187 L In
April of that year the original Retail
Grocers' Protective Union of Sari Fran-
CUM) was organized. The object of the
union is indicated by his name, and it or
ganized for tbe additional purpose of pro
tecting itself against suicidal prices and
bad debtors.
Things'ran along prosperously and har
moniously till abont a year ago. .There
was considerable money in the treasury,
and the number of members was about
450. The union gave, for instance, $1000
to the Midwinter Fair. Many of the lead
ing members thonght they could employ
the idle money in establishing a whole
sale store for the benefit of the members,
and saving a middleman's profit, which
runs from 15 to 40 per cent. But others
were opposed to it, and this is the rock on
which the Retail Grocers' Protective
Union split. But the wholesale branch
was organized and incorporated as the
Retail Grocers' Association, claiming to
have swallowed up the old name, title and
organization.
But a man who is now a member of both
associations says that after a while, and
possibly under the influence of other
wholesale grocery institutions, members
of the retail association began to drop out,
and there are now said to be only 175
members in it.
Some who dropped out and some who
had never belonged met and organized an
o»her association under the original name
of t c Retail Grocers' Protective Union,
which tbe other association claimed to
have absorbed. They have held two meet
ings, and a member says their member
ship roll numbers •eyenty-five. John C.
Nobmann is the president of the whole
salers' association and J. C. Hurley is
president of the new organization.
The wholesalers gave a very enjoyable
picnic last June. Now that the new asso
ciation intends to hold a picnic, too, of
its own and under the original title which
it has assumed, the wholesalers object to
it using that title.
Last week President Nobmann of the
wholesalers issued a circular and sent it
out among the grocers and tradespeople
"roasting" the new association for assum
ing the original title. Monday night the
members of the new association held a
meeting and considered that circular.
Alter some warm speeches it was finally
decided not to wash any further grocer's
linen in public, and Charles Meier was in
structed to issue a peaceful circular adver
tising the picnic and handling the subject
calmly, which he did yesterday.
Mr. Meier says that the wholesale asso
ciation cannot enjoin the new association
from holding its picnic and so the picnic
will be held. But in the circular which he
prepared t c left out the use of the words
"twenty-fiftn annual picnic" and simply
announced that the Retail Grocers' Pro
tective Union, which was organized April
1, 1871, would hold a picnic.
BUCKLEYITES GO AHEAD,
A Municipal Convention Called
for the Middle of Sep
tember.
A Committee of Lawyers and Weekly
Meetings of the General Commit
tee Ordered.
The Regular Democratic local organiza
tion—that of the "Bucklcyites"' — decided
to go right ahead independently of any
thing and everybody at a meeting of the
executive committee held last night, over
which Chairman M. J. Donovan presided.
The meeting was neld in the new head
quarters of the organization at 'JO and 24
Ellis street, which are the largest and
mos t convenient if not the mo>t at
tractive occupied by any party in any
recent campaign. The Buckleyites have
taken two large front suites of two rooms
each and a connecting hall capable of
holding about 600 people if a good many
of them stand up. As the Buckleyites
have on various occasions packed Odd
Fellows' and B'nai B'rith halls at their
meetings, their future sessions on Ellis
ttreet promise to be suffocating.
It was not so much by their large, new
quarters as by their ordering o/ a primary
election and a municipal convention that
the Regular Democracy declared itself in
the middle of tne ring last night.
The postponed resolution offered at tbe
last meeting by Secretary D. M. Gavigan
was taken and discussed. There being no
apparent indications that anybody but
themselves wanted party harmony on a
fair basis the resolution was unanimously
and enthusiastically adopted. It pro
vided for a primary election on September
11 and a municipal convention on Sep
tember 15.
The chairman was authorized to appoint
a committee of fiv«» lawyers, who may or
may not be members of the organization,
to right tbe legal battles of the faction any
and every w.iere, through thick and thin.
The chief legal battle ahead is the claim
of this organization to the regular party
designation on tbe official ballot, and for
this there is much legal evidence and war
like effort in store.
It was decided that the municipal con
vention should consist of 450 members,
23 to be chosen by each district and two to
be elected at large from each district.
Another interesting step was taken
when it was ordered that there should
hereafter be weekly meetings of the gen
eral committee on Monday evenings. This
will be the order from now on, beginning
next Monday evening.
This step is taken to give the widest pos
sible play to the principle of popular rep
resentation in the management of the af
fairs of the party and to keep the mass of
party- workers interested and in touch
with what is being done.
The Junta is now interested wholly in
tbe appointment of election officers, and
meantime various schemes for holding a
convention, for which the delegates are to
be appointed, are being discussed.
DAVIS' ANNUAL REPORT.
The Chief Market Inspector
Makes Some Pertinent
Suggestions.
Market Inspector Ben Davis haa ren
dered his annual report to the Hoard of
Health in which many pertinent sugges
tions regarding health regulations as well
as interesting figures on the seizures of
the year are given.
The most important suggestion relates
to the hanging of meats outside of butcher
snops, which is declared to be dangerous
to the health ot the public tfcat eats of the
meat. The report is in part as follows:
I would respectfully call the attention of
your honorable body to the present Door and
inefficient laws governing this branch of the
service. They are far below any of the various
Eastern cities in regard to the thorough in
spection of meats and markets and are lacking
in all the essential points at present included
in the market laws adopted by these cities.
With a new set ot laws, placing this City on a
par with those in the East, my assistants and
myself could do much more efficient service,
in spite of the well-known fact that it is almost
an impossibility for such a small force to
watch every point throughout the City sus
pected of being an ingress lor poor meats.
I would also recommend tnat the board
pass an order prohibiting the hanging of
meats outside of markets in this City. The I
reason for this is that the meats become im
pregnated with dust from the streets, and in
some cases with the germs of disease. In the
poorer sections of the City this is quite no
ticeable. Such regulations aie now in force
in Eastern cities.
The following statistics are given:
Markets inspected, 2861; restaurants, 54;
bakeries, 12; vegetable-stands, 241; poultry
stores, 128.
Meat seized: Beef, 4723 pounds; shark,
1600pounas; herrings, 2000 pounas; hali
but, 950 pounds; chickena, 889 pounds;
fish, 1200 pounds.
There were twenty-one arrests made for
violations of the health regulations and
seventeen convictions secured.
TROUBLESOME
ELECTION LAWS,
Registrar W. M. Hinton's
Version of Their Op
eration.
THE PEOPLE CONFUSED.
There Is Comparatively Little
of Intentional Fraud
He Thinks.
INCREASE OF REGISTRATION.
Course Taken With All Applicants
for Appointment as Election
O.ficers.
"Under the present new election law,"
said Registrar William M. Hinton. "there
exists a general confusion of thought,
but ocmparatively little intentional
fraud. For instance, a man came
here the other day and within fif
teen minutes had registered bimself
from two distinct precincts. When
my attention was called to it I sent for the
man, and after carefully cross-examining
him came to the conclusion tnat he was
entirely innocent of any intentional fraud.
He was simply excited and confused.
Under given conditions, you know, such
things are sure to occur.
"A higher moral tone, I think, prevails
this year among the representatives of
both the Republican and Democratic par
ties than at the election two years ago. I
have more time for the printing and puri
fication of the register than formerly and
the results are sure to be beneficial.
"There are cases of men who apply for
appointments as election officers who,
upon investigation, are found not to be resi
dents of the precincts rrom where they
make applications. All such names are
promptly rejected, also all applicants who
served upon boards of election in which
there was proved to have beer, any fraudu
lent registration.
"All applicants for appointment are re
ported upon originally by tne accredited
representatives of their respective political
parties and then subjected to an investiga
tion by my deputies. My repcrt is filed
with the Board of Election Commissioners
and its final decision is based upon the
ascertained facts, the parties, when neces
sary, being cited to appear before the Com
missioners. As a rule, when men find
that tney have made a mistake as to the
precinct in which they reside they with
draw their application without any
contest.
"The changes in the boundaries and
numbers of the several election precincts
have naturally been productive of a great
deal of confusion among electors, but I
think there is less fraud now than there
was two years ago. The doiiy newspapers
make many sensational and unauthorized
statements, which are calculated to excite
and mislead the people.
"So far only half a dozen men have been
cited to appear before the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners to show cause why
their names should not be stricken from
the register. Two of them were convicted
of false swearing as to their places of resi
dence and three were disqualified because
they could not read the English language.
"The total registration at the City Hall
in 1894; was 42,248, while this year the reg
istration to date is 48,030, with six more
days to run. Unless it. is staved by an or
der of the Supreme Court, there will be
precinct registration this year, beginning
Monday, August 3, at 9a. m., and ending
Monday, August 10, at 10 p. m. This will
give every qualified elector a fair chance to
get registered. Of coarse, whenever I find
any cases of seemingly fraudulent registra
tion I report them to the Grand Jury, and
in the administration of the business of
my office I tate all possible precautions
to prevent fraud and to secure an honest
registration of voters, irrespective of the
political party to which they may belong."
BRITONS IN OAKLAND.
They Banquet and Receive and
Throw Beautiful Bouquets of
Appreciation.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— The banquet
to the delegates of the seventh convention
of the order of the Sons of St. Georee ten
dered by the San Francisco and Oakland
lodges was held in the Galindo Hotel to
night. Fully 200 delegates were present
aad partook of a bountiful repast. The
dining-room was beautifully decorated
with the stars and stripes and the union
jack.
The first toast drunk was "The President
of the United States,', and was responded
to by Congressman Hilborn. He said:
"The Englishmen are the custodians of
the eartn. The English literature is the
literature of the earth. Tne English dead
in Westminster Abbey me the dead of the
world. Outsiae of every four years, when
we have a Presidential election, we are
brothers. At tiiat time we must twist the
lion's tail. We are guaranteed that right
by our constitution, yea by our very Dec
laration of Independence."
He then paid a glowing tribute to all
of our Presidents from Washington down.
He closed in these words:
"La«t but not least the last occupant of
the White House. That man has left a
greater impression qf his personality than
any other man that ever held the position.
We are proud of our Presidents because
they are the highest type of manhood.''
He was followed by D. Edward Collins
who responded in glowing terms to the
toaßt "Her Britannic Majesty Queen Vic
toria."
"Order of St. George" was responded to
by President Edward Oliver, of the Grand
Lodge, who set forth its principles. Rev.
Josiah Sims responded to "The Anglo-
Saxon Race" and was applauded continu
ously in his references to the Anglo-mani
acs-
"The Land We Live In" was responded
to by Hon. W. R. Davis.
Owing to the lateness of the hour Mr.
Davis simply proposed three cheers for
America, which were given with a vim.
Judge Ogden was called upon to respond
to "Our Public Institutions" in the ab
sence of Hon. George C. Pardee, who was
detained by sickness. He paid a glowine
tribute to the public schools in which the
children could be prepared for the Presi
dency, for the bench or for the halls of
Congress. "Upon the maintenance of our
public school depends the life of oar
Nation," said he in closing.
"Kindred Organizations' was the toast
tnat Judge Gibson responded to. He
said: "This is an ace of organization. If
a man don't belong to at least half a dozen
he is not in it."
J. T. Bell of the Oakland Enquirer re
sponded to "The Press," after which, the
company broke up with cheers.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY. GOODS."
P~o<><>~o<>-0-o<H>O<K>-<^
jj K/P GLOVfSALE %
| m/IOIDEmffISIERY SAIL \
\ SH/RT WAISTS** WRAPPERS. §
? SLACK DRESS GOODS, SMS, 4
% &WASH GOODS 'arMrPR/Cl %
X IF IT INTERESTS YOU TO 81/y GOODS \
9 4TI£SS mm mrr cost us 5
? sfp/f/?sf/? ro Sftfy/r you. %
% #OT /) £>fPAfiTA/W//YTH/$ //01/Sf %
2 W?M/rr/£ SOf/FSMA . ioss,/rs %
9 Y<?i//e G-/?y/y /fyvi/ c//d0& 'ra \
% Wrtrf? /?> . ?
6 . i^— : — -^r€sJ€si€ — O
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
RED MEN MEET AT
THE FESTAL BOARD
Their Annual Election of
Officers Held Yes
terday.
THIRTY-TWO YEARS OLD
An Independent Organization
That Takes in the Pacific
Coast.
SPEECHES AT THE BANQUET.
The Members and Their Lady Friends
Closed the Session With Mirth
and Music.
It was some time in April, 1864, that the
Independent Order of Red Men was organ
ized in this State. Of the seven organizers
there are but fire living now-^-J. B. Rem
hardt, H. Bernstein, L. Friedmann, S.
Polack apd B. Hirschfeld.
These five were present yesterday at the
meeting of the order and in the evening
they joined with the younger members at
the bauquet.
The following message was read by
Charles George Bolsdorff, who, with C. B.
Rode, took upon his hands the executive
end of yesterday's meeting:
Oross Stamm, U. 0. R. M. , San Francisco, Cal. —
Gentlkmen: Pursuant to the recent call of
the Merchants' Association for a charter con
vention, delegates have been already ap- :
pointed by many progressive organizations of '
this City.
The first meetlnjr of delegates to this charter j
convention will take place at Kohler & Chase '
Hall, 126 O'Farrell street, near Market, on
Wednesday evening, August 12, at 8 o'clock.
This convention is in no wuy connected with
any party politics. Its entire object Is to '
secure the adoption of the new charter for i
San Francisco. Each organization is entitled ,
to appoint two delegates, and you are cordially I
invited to send two representatives to this I
Charier convention. Kindly advise this office '
as soon as possible of the names and ad- !
dresses of the two delegates selected by your
organisation, so that due notice of the meet
ing may be given to them.
By promptly complying with our request
you will help to seiure for San Francisco this
much-needed organic law. Awaiting your
early reply we remain, sincerely yours.
Merchants' Association,
F. W. Dohrmann, President,
J. Richakd Frkcd, Secretary.
C. B. Rode and J. Rumetsch were elected
as delegates to the convention.
Among the members of the order repre
senting their respective sections were:
Sacramento— H. C. Wissig, G. Bolthing, W.
Mayer.
San Jose— L. Crumb, F. Schumacher, P. Wal
kenbin.
Santa Cruz— Carl Beck, F. WalU.
Los Angeles— J. Rumetsch.
Redmen Schuetzen section — Captain' John
Tiedemann, First Lieutenant H. Grieb, Second
Lieutenant William Dressier and the "Schuet
zen King" C. Stein.
Grand past chiefs— J. B. Remhardt, C. B.
Rode, C. Crumb, P. H. Wahlter, J. Rumetsch,
Jacob Beck, C. Falkenstein.
Grand chiefs, Charles Schlessinger; second
grand chief, Charles Russ: third grand chief,
F. Schumach; chaplain, John Mangels; secre
tary, B. A. Sainmann ; treasurer, /owph Gub
berlet; herald, J. Rumetsnh: herald, F. R.
Schwarz; sergeant, Charles Muender: inside
sentinel, C. Wissig; inside sentinel, M. Dieck
ert; outside sentinel, H. Beck.
At the banquet the speaKers of the even
ing were: C. B. Rode, J. B. Remhardt,
C. ICrumb, J. Rumetsch, Rudolph .Land
mann, Charles Kuss and F. Schumacher.
The vocal entertainment was conducted
mainly by Professor C. Dietz and hia
chorus, and President Rudolph Muller.
The next Grand Lodge meetine of the
organization will be held in 1897 in Santa
Cruz.
SHE MAY BE CRAZY.
Mrs. Annie Mitchell Arrested forSlaah-
ing a Horse's Neck.
Mrs. Annie Mitchell, who slashed a val
uable horse in the neck with a razor at
Eighth and Folsom streets Saturday nieht,
was arrested yesterday morning on a war
rant charging her with cruelty to animals.
She behaved in a violent manner in the
City Prison, denouncing in Btrong lan
guage the officers who arrested her and the
desk sergeant. Bhe acted like a crazy
woman, but after a few hours she became
calmer.
More New Naval Officers.
Last night two more graduates of the Annap
olis Naval Academy in the class of '94 arrived
here from the East to take positions aboard
men-of-war in Pacific waters. Seven arrived a
few nights ago. Al together, thirteen members
of the one class were assigned to duty in the
West after passing the final examinations held
two months ago at Annapolis. £nsign Clar
ence England of Little Rock, Kans., assigned
to the United States steamsnip Adams, and
Assistant Engineer Emory Winship of Macon,
Ga., assigned to the Benningtcn, now at Mara
Island, are the latest arrivals. Ensign Eng
land will start for Honolulu to-morrow on th«
China to join the Adams.
Orphan Girls' Concert.
A concert will be given by the orphans of St.
Francis' Girls Directory Orphan Asylum at
Buena Vista and Central avenues to-day at 2
o'clock. The following programme will be
rendered:
Solo, "Welcome," St. Francis Asylum; "Old
Aunty"; "Nobody's Child"; "The Folks That
Put on Airs"; "How the Story Grew;" "I Went
Down South"; "The Sick Dollie"; "The Frog
gie Wedding"; "The Rehearsal": "The Comi
cal Society"; "Minuet," piano solo; mazurka
Godard; "Minuet," by Mozart (violin solo);
"Berceuse," Jensen; "The Funny Little
Fellow"; "Aye Maria" (hymn).
KEW TO-DAT.
CYCLE
VALUE!
The good of a cycle is
told by the price it
brings.
The buyer pays $100
for Columbia certainty,
and less for bicycles of
doubt.
A few good second-
hand machines at small
cost.
Columbia Catalogue free at our agencies.
By mall for two 2-cent stamps.
POPE MFG. CO., 344 POST ST.
Park Branch, 1970 Pago St.,
Near Stanyan.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
I
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail — 6.00 j
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Dally end Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.60 i
Dally and Sunday Calx,, one month, by mall.. .05 ;
Sunday Call, one year, by mail ,1.60 j
M Kkkly Call, one year, by mail 1-60 ;
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to tbe country on a vacation If ;
a*, it la no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to j
your address. Do not let It miss you for yon will ;
miss it. Orders given to the . carrier or | left at
BuslneM Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS. OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B I
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
phone Mai n-187*
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery turret, corner Clay ; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
until 9 o'clock.
3618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 A'inth street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
• 803 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAViD M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY JULY '29, 1898 |
tHE CALL £PEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOX PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Obio
FOR VICF-PRKSIDEXT-
GASRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
„ Watson will stick and Sewall is stuck.
The double-tailed Bryan bird may pose
like a peacock, but he is a jay.
Bryan's originality in oratory consists
solely in the boldness of his plagiarism.
Some call it "demopulism" and some
call it "popniocracy/' but all admit it is a
bad mixture. HEH
The country will take notice there are
neither evasions nor plagiarisms in Me-
Kinley's speeches.
• The Populist leaders made a trade with
Democracy, but they will have a hard
time delivering the goods.
If Bryan had his way he would swap
off Sewall and Watson for a monkey and
a parrot before the week is over.
It will not be long before the boy orator
of the Platte finds out that ■he cannot
* elevate politics by hippodroming.
Cleveland- may have furnished ; Democ
* racy with the slaughter-house, but it is
digging the grave with its own hands.
. The Populists are kicking themselves
just now, but before . long they will be
kicking the Democrats who deceived
them.
The weather in the East seems deter
mined to keep up with the political barom
* eter, and they are having a stormy time of
it everywhere.
McKinley's recent speeches have been
short, but all the same they have never
failed to reach both, the point and the
popular heart.
As the Golden Gate festival has been
postponed until spring the Democrats
will have no chance to feel : happy about
anything this fall.
All Democrats are not anarchists, but
all discontented people with anarchical
tendencies are supporting this year the
Democratic ticket.
It is clearly evident that eternal vigi
lance is the price of the liberty of getting
your vote counted right as long as Demo
cratic officials run the elections. .
The common-sense of this country is on
the side of sound money, sound business
and sound politics, and all < these are
represented by William McKin ley.
Every Republican of energy and influ
ence should take part in the campaign of
education. Let us make it a house to
house canvass for the prosperity of the
home.
»
As many Democrats are ; bolting the
Chicago platform because of its revolu
tionary declarations as because of the
irresponsible character of the candidate
who stands on it.
»
About the worst crown of , thorns that
t could be pressed upon the brow oi Ameri
can labor would be free trade in the prod- i
, ucts of pauper labor, and Bryan is eager j
to press that crown down, until the blood
comes.
In the campaign for protection to Ameri
can industry every workshop • will be a
N school of instruction in Republican doc
trine, and every intelligent workman who !
is out of employment will bean agent to '
proclaim it on the streets.
Men who would swear falsely in order to
get positions as election officers could be
easily induced to swear, falsely as to the '
count of the votes, and it is fortunate that
some of them have been discovered before
they could get in their work. ■
Conservative Democrats declare the Chi
cago platform is tainted with Populism,
while earnest Populists declare it is tainted
with Democratic corruption; but all agree
it is tainted with something unwholesome
to the country and ought to be buried.
The publication of a letter from Cleve
. land written in 1892, in which he predicted
the comine 1 folly of the Southern; Demo
crats on the money question, vindicates
the stuffed prophet from the. charge of
having been stuffed with nothing bat ig
norance all these years. •'■' -, •
Bryan will go to New York to be notified
of h;s nomination . by the Democrats, to
Baltimore to be notified by the silver men,
to some other city to be notified by the
Populists, and if be will come to San
Francisco about November 3 he can be
notified here of his defeat.
The Populist demand that tbe Demo
crats shall pull down their candidate lor
the Vice- Presidency is gall, but Whitney's
demand that McKinley shall drop the
.. issue of protection and make the fight
solely for the gold standard is a degree of \
impudence for which our language has no ,
word.
M'KINLEY'S SPEECHES.
No thoughtful person has failed to mark
the difference between the public utter
ances of Mr. McKinley and Mr. Bryan.
Mr. Bryan climbs upon the wings of
ilowery rhetoric and sails about like a
painted balloon which, upon landing, is
found to contain nothing substantial. It
pleases the eye while it sails through the
air, and the ear is charmed at the music
ol tha escaping propelling power, but he
says nothing to satisfy inquiry or feed
thought upon, lie submits no analysis of
economic problem?. He merely asserts
and submits no testimony.
Mr. McKinley talks but little, and yet
there is more substance in a single sen
tence of one of his speeches than in a vol
ume of Bryan's rhetorical patchwork.
For instance, Mr. Bryan says: "You shall
not crucify labor on a cross of gold/ Mr.
McKinley says: "Our need embraces an
honest dollar, an untarnished National
credit, adequate revenues for the uses of
the Government, protection to labor and
industry, preservation of the home market
and reciprocity which will extend our
foreign markets." There is evidence
abundant of dignity, statesmanship, pa
triotism aud ol' an honest desire to see
tbe conditions of existence in this country
grow from pood to better to best in what
Mr. McKinley said. There is in that one
sentence the essence of our system of gov
ernment, and the political economist
would find enough in it to build a volume
of analytical deductions upon.
It will be observed that there are two
central thoughts in this one sentence from
one of Mr. McKinley's "short talks." The
first is the integrity of the Nation and the
second is the welfare of labor. There is no
talk of "crucifying" anybody, but it meana
a patriotic working together of all the peo
ple for the Nation's honor and the people's
good. Mr. McKinley would give ample
encouragement to every form of trade,
traffic and induetry, but the paramount
thing to be secured is comfortable and
remunerative conditions for the mechani
cal skill and tbe brawn of the country.
To that end he would have honest dollars,
home markets and home industries se
cured against the shoddy goods and pauper
labor of countries who would force our
labor into idleness and close our avenues
of wealth accumulation. The very essence
of those things which have to be to make
a government of the people, by the people
and for tbe people is found in the one sen
tence quoted from one of Mr. McKinley's
recent talVs to neighbors. He does not
talk of "crowns of thorns," but of peace,
prosperity and happiness for the people.
WOOL UNDER TREE TRADE.
Tue Call to-day publishes the first of
two articles on the wool industry, po
affected Dy the Democratic policy of free
trade. A careful study of the facts pre
sented will convince the most skeptical
that something is vitally wrong with the
wool industry. An analysis of these facts
will convince the student of conditions
that the industry has been struck a fatal
blow by free trade.
Whether tbe state of tbe wool business
in this State alor.e or in the entire Union
is studied, the conclusion is inevitable
that no American sheen-raiser and no
American wool-dealer can coaipete with
the goods that foreigners send into
the country at prices that cannot be met
in this land of high wages and better
standards of living. The market reports
from all centers report a paralysis of
business, with more than half the manu
facturing plants idle. These conditions
fulfill the prophecies of McKinley and bis
friends, prophecies tbat were laughed at
hy those who held up the Democratic
idol of free trade as a panacea for our in
dustrial ills.
In yie great manufacturing districts of
the New England States the shrewdest
dealers hare been unable to continue busi
ness without interruption. They have been
crushed by the fierce competition of for
eigners anxious to control the American
market. In California the wool clip of the
past year falls 5.000,000 pounds short of the
normal yield, simply because men who
have heretofore devoted their money and
energies to wool-growing have been
forced to sell their sheep for mutton to
enable them to survive the depression of
tbese perilous Democratic times.
In the light of the incontrovertible facts
presented how puerile now seems the rea
soning of the Democrats who urged the
Wilson bill as a blessing to the country!
Those who repealed the McKinley law
urged that the fine foreign wools would
cause a demand for tbe home product, be
cause manufatturers would want a mix
ture; yet month after month the depres
sion has continued until wool-growers are
to-day crushed iv every part of the country.
Fan Francisco is an example in point.
Here nearly ali the warehouses are closed.
Humboldt wool tnat brought 25 and 30
cents in the grease a few years ago does
not move now at 11 and 12 cents, and
growers are discouraged. All admit that
their only hope is a return to protection
and prosperity.
It should be borne in mind that wool
is but one striking object lesson in many.
As free trade has paralzyed one industry it
will paralyze others, and if Democratic
prophets are wrong about one policy they
are equally untrustworthy in others. We
commend the reading of the story which
tells of the downfall of the wool industry
to all impartial investigators, irrespective
of their party beliefs and affiliations.
LIKE A HERD OF CATTLE.
Tbe information comes from the Popu
list party's headquarters in St. Louis that
Mr. Bryan will not be formally notified of
I his nomination by that party, and the in
formation comes also that the Democratic
National Committee will withdraw Mr.
Bryan's name from the Populist ticket.
It is safe to say that tbe first is true and
I that the latter is without the slightest
foundation in fact. The tactics of the
Populist traitors and their Democratic
purchasers do not warrant the belief that
they have decency enough to right the
great wrong they have done the honest
wing of the Populist party by either put
ting Mr. Bryan in the awkward position
which would come of formally notifying
him of his nomination, or of withdrawing
his name from ;he ticket.
The Populist convention was sold to
Mr. Bryan just as droves of cattle are
sold. The cattle had no voice in the
transaction. No doubt there is a secret
understanding which insures certain fat
offices in the event of Bryan's election,
but that is none of the business of the
rank and file.
By not formally notifying Mr. Bryan of
his nomination by the Populist conven
tion the complete sale of the party is im
plied. The rule has always been since the
institution of nominating conventions
that the candidates should tate advantage
of the occasion of the formal notification
of their nomination to place themselves
upon the platform and to enlarge upon its
more important declarations. This course
has always been deemed necessary be
cause it was the only way the party had
of knowing tbat the candidates were in
1 accord with the party's principles.
But the bosses of the Populist party look
1 upou ilie rani aad fiieas theiioira fa«rd
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29. 1896.
of cattle, to do with as they like, and they
would regard it as insufferably presump
tuous in one or any number of the animals
to object to going into the pen designated
by the herdsmen. No such an effort was
ever before made by professional politi
cians to deal with the voters of a party
after the manner of the old-time slave
trader, and it all sugests the thought that
the aftermath of the Populist convention
would make ample material for a "tale of
woe" on the lines of "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
AN ITINERANT HIPODROME.
The once staid and dignified Democratic
party has been transformed into a verita
ble itinerant hippodrome, but the propor
tion of wild asses to thoroughbred horses
is too great to give proper balance to the
performance. It lias been decided that
{ after Mr. Bryan has been notified of his
I nomination by tbe Chicago convention in
! Madison-square Garden he will proceed to
> Baltimore, where be will again be "noti
| tied."\~The programme provides for "a
one-night stand" in several of the Eastern
cities, with daylight parades.
After the East has been "played to" this
; circus will perform in the principal towns
of the Middle and Western States. The
1 advance agent has not authorized the bill
-1 oster to "bill" any towns other than New
I York snd Baltimore, as the "booking" of
1 tbe show has not been completed for tbe
\ season, but in a week or two the whole
I route will be announced. When the show
I goes south of Mason and Dixou's line
j there will be a change in the cast of cbar-
I acters; that is to say, Sewall will retiie
I and Watson will don the cap and bells,
' but the main features of the performance
! will continue tbe same throughout. The
! main feature will be, of course, Mr. Bryan's
j famous "crown of thorns and cross of
gold" act.
While the 9how is in the South and Mr.
Watson is wearing the cap and bells it is
possible tbat Mr. Sewall may run a side
show iv the North for the edification of
labor. If he does he will have the stage
set so as to represent one of his many ships
at sea. A number of seedy and hungry
looking sailors will be heard complaining
of the hard fare and brutal treatment on
j Sewall's ships. Then there will appear an
I officer or two of the ship who will rush
i upon the hungry men and put those who
I talked the loudest in irons. The drop cur-
I tain will then fall and upon it wiil be seen
j Mr. Sewall's home m Bath, Maine, which
, will have for a background his ten Na
tional banks, his railways and his other
corporate interests. Only a little stretch
i of the imagination will be required to see
I scores of sailor Lazarusea begging for a
! few crumbs of bread from the would-be
Vice- President's table. Working people,
especially seamea, should not fail to see
Sewall's show. It will be worth their while
10 '"take it all in."
FRAUDS DISCOVERED.
The discovery that a number of persons
named for election officers in this City had
registered falsely in order to obtain the
positions they desired comes at the right
time to awaken the public mind to the im
\ portance of keeping a careful watch on
I every step that is taken by the Democratic
officials who control the election board.
Men who would swear falsely to obtain
! offices where the pay is insignificant are
I hardly the class of men to whom can be
j safely intrusted the counting of votes in
au election that will be so hotly contested
as the one which is now approaching.
Honest men of all parties ov;e thanks to
' T. J. L. Smiley, vrho represents the Repub
lican County Committee before the Elec-
I tion Commissioners, ;for discovering the«e
j frauds and exposing them. His vigilance
! should be supported by the public eener-
I ally. The welfare of the Republic is based
! to a very large extent upon the ballot-box
I If fraud and rascality control the counting
of votes, popular elections will be a farce,
and the government will soon be one con
ducted by rascals for the benefit of rascals.
We must have honesty at the ballot-box as
well as in the jury-box- and those who pre
side at the polling-places should be as hon
oranle as those who preside in our courts.
That frauds will be attempted by the
Democrats in this election is beyond ques
tion. The record of that party in the past
gives assurance of what it will do in the
future if it can. One trick of the fraudu
lent element ha? been exposed and
blocked. The fellows who registered
fal«dy will not be election officials this
year. That much is good as far as it
goes, but vigilance must be kept up con
tinually. The trick that has been baffled
is not the only one that corruption knows.
There are other-.
AS TO NEBRASKA.
Because Mr. Bryan lives in Nebraska
and because a Populist Governor was
elected two years ago by Democratic-Pop
ulist fusion there are Republicans who are
disposed to put tbat State ln the Bryan
column. The truth is that Mr. Bryan has
no more show in other States than he" has
in Nebraska he will not have a single
electoral vote. It is very true that the free
silver Democrats and Populists did fuse two
years ago, and that the Populist candidate
for Governor was elected by a small ma
jority.
The situation in Nebraska that year
was this: The head of the Republican
ticket was very objectionable to the better
element of the party, and tbe State Con
vention was warned that if that particular
individual was made tne candidate for
Governor the party itself would defeat
him. He was nominated, however, and
as a result the Omaha Bee, the party's
Bute organ, supported and elected the
Populist candidate. To show tha Bce'g
influence it only need be stated that every
other Republican candidate on the State
ticket was elected and that the Legisla
ture was four-fifths Republican. The
combined vote of the Populists and free
silver Democrats would not have elected
Holcomb, the Populist caudidate, by 20,
--000.
The election last fall, which was for Su
preme Judge and county officers, was
strictly on party lines, and the Republican
majority was larger than the total vote of
the free-silver Democrats, while the ad
ministration or anti-Bryan Democrats
polled more than twice as many votes for
their candidate for Supreme Judge than
were polled for Bryan's free-silver candi
date. There Is just as much certainty that
Nebraska will be carried by McKinley as
there is that he will carry Vermont.
"THE WEEKLY CALL."
The best artists and the best writers con
tribute their best efforts with a view of
making Thk Weekly Call the best weekly
family journal on the Pacific Coast. It is
not merely made up of selected matter
from the daily, but several paces of matter
relating to the agricultural and mining
industries are prepared especially for it
each week.
It contains the news of the week, to
gether with matter of special interest in a
form especially" desirable for those who
cannot devote \ the ; time necessary i for the
perusal of a modern daily.
Not only for home readers, but particu
larly for residents of the East who desire
to learo ol California, Xai Wssjut Cam,
is especially desirable and attractive. The
number for this week appears this morn
ing, and should be read by all who wish
to keep posted ou the development of
Pacific Coast resources.
PERSONAL.
Sam V. Rucker of San Jose is at tne Palace.
Mrs. H. Hinton of Tacoma is registered at
the Cosmopolitan.
James Gallagher, an attorney of Fresno, is a
guest at the Grand.
Sat D. Schulze and G. A. Little of Dlxon are
guests at the Baldwin.
W. P. Thomas, an insurance man of Ukiah,
is registered at the Grand.
11. H. Folsom aud wife of Auburn, Cal., are
tuests at the Cosmopolitan.
Judge E. A. Bridgford is in town from Colusa
and has a room at the Grand.
J. N. Priest, an insurance man of Los An
geles, is visiting at the Grand.
Robert Thomas Moore of Glasgow, Scotland,
is a recent arrival at the Palace.
Rev. A. P. Anderson of Ean Jose is one of the
latest arrivals at the Occidental.
George ft, Dnck, an attorney of Stockton, is
among those registered at tbe Lick.
George Beale, a well-known resident Of So
nora, Is a guest at the cosmopolitan.
J. H. Fleming, a business man of Pittsbur*.
Pa., is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
M. F. Hackley, a capitalist of Cleveland,
Ohio, ia registered at tbe Cosmopolitan.
Thomas Sheern and wife of San Antonio,
Tex., arrived at the California last night.
D. M. Pyle, Under Sheriff of Kern County, is
at the Russ, registered from Bakersneld.
Charles Ferguson of Honolulu, foreman of a
plantation near that place, is at the Rubs.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, a physician at the Napa
Asylum for the lueaue, is staying at the Lick.
J. S. McCandless and L.L. McCandless. artes
ian well borers of Honolulu, are guests at tne
Occidental.
Dr. J. H. Glass of El Paso de Robles came up
from the springs last night. He Is at the
Occidental.
Mrs. S. AJ. Mitchell, the mining woman of
Calaveras County, is at the Lick on a brief
business visit.
U. Pohlmann, a sugar-boiler in one of tbe
large works near Honolulu, is a late arrival at
the Occidental.
H. O. Richards, who is Interested ln a mer
cantile business at Portland, Or., Is among the
guevts at the Grand.
S. T. Black of Sacramento, State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, Is making a
short visit at the Lick.
Manfred S. Kobloerg, of Kohlberg, Strauss
& Frohman, will leave this evening for New
York on a business trip.
State Senstor Kugene F. Bert started from
here yesterday for New Orleans, whence he
hopes to return in ten day?.
Brothers Joseph, Albert and Edward, teach
ers in the Catholic college at Honolulu, ar
rived here yesterday on leave of absence.
Al Bouvier, the theatrical manager, will
btart East next Friday to secure attractions for
the winter season at the Baldwin. He will be
gone four weeks.
Miss Curtis and Miss Alice M. Curtis of Port
land, Or., are at the Occidental, having re
turned yesterday from Honolulu, where they
have teen visiting friends.
Among the arrivals by the Australia yester
day were Major and Mrs. Z. K. Pangbom of
Jersey Ciiy. .Major Pangborn delivered the
Fourth of July oration at Honolulu.
James A. Kennedy, manager of the Honolulu
Iron Works that makes a specialty oi machinery
used in the sugar business on the islands, ar
rived at the Occidental yester.lay from Hono
lulu.
W. G. Ashley of Honolulu, Registrar of Ac
counts of the Republic oi Hawaii, a position
close to that of Minister of Finance, is at the
Occidental. He was formerly a resident of San
Joee.
W. I>. TeniK-5-, a member of tne Advisory
Board of the Republic of Hawaii and head of
tbe big Honolulu commission and general
merchandise firm of Castle & Cook, arrived at
the Occidental yesterday on his way K«st.
Colonel F. L. Guenther, a United States
Army officer of Washington, D. C, and Mi*s &
M.Guentlier are at the Occidental. They re
turned yesterday from a pleasure trip to Hono
lulu.
E. Scholder, for the past two years receiving
teller of the Union Savings Bank of han Jose,
is in town stopping a, the Palace. He leave*
to-morrow for an extended trip through the
Eastern Slates and Europe. He will probably
remain away about a year.
Juage William K. Townsend, professor of
lavr in Yale I'niv.-rsity and United States Dis
trict Judge of Connecticut, is at the Palace
with bis wife and family. This is hig first visU
to the coast, and he is here simply lor the
pleasure of seeing the sights.
The Shortridge party returned home yester
day on the Austra.la after completing a pleas
ant trip to Honolulu. Those who composed
the party are: Mrs. C. M. Shortridge, Mm
Shortriilge, Migs Marie Swingiey, Miss Annie
l'aiil and Ur. and Mrs. Andenoa.
Mrs. J. a. Hoppc. wile of a big jobber in
rice ai Honolulu, trrived t-t the Occidental
yesterday with her niece, Miss Peterson. Jlr.
Hopper is coming up on the next steamer. He
has a set-ret process for DolisMng rice, thereby
insuring a high market valo j for it.
Among yesterday's arrivals ?t tne Occidental
was R. c. LilHe, representative nt Honolulu of
the English firm of T H. Davics & Co., which
has the largest general merchandise business
on the islands and which owns several planta
tions there. Mr. Lillle is accompanied by his
wife.
E. O. White, head man of the old Honolulu
firm of E. O. White «fc Son, hardware-dealers
and ship-chandlers, came up from the islands
y.^i*rdar with his wife and two children and
registered at th>» Occidental. Mr. White Js
captain of one oi the military companies in
Honolulu. He is going East in a few days.
Justice Stephen J. Field said yesterday at the
Palace that he is in better health than he has
been at any time 6ince his return from El
Paso ds Robies, consequently he has no inten
tion of going back to the springs, but will re
main here quietly until the heat shall have
subsided in the East,
Mr«. M. M. Scott, wife of Professor Scott,
principal of Bishop College at Honolulu, and
her daughters, Miss Scott and Miss Marlon
Hcott, are staying at the Occidental. The
Misses Scott have come up from the islands to
enter college in California. Their brother,
Leslie Scott, formerly a student at Stanford
University, is now %clerk in the Custom-house
at Honolulu.
United Slates Senator A. O. Bacon of Mncon,
Ga., accompanied by Washington Des»an, a big
attorney of Macon, arrived from the North
west yesterday and will be at the Palace dur
ing the next'iew days. Senator Bacon has been
in Congress one year, but for ten years pre
viously presided over the Georgia Assembly a«
its Speaker. He is a Democrat and is here
simply for recreation before the campaign.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., July 28.-At the Broad
way Central— U. Tuxburrr; Westminster— H
T. Cooke.
PROTECTION OUR HOPE
 New York Press. ... :
With a proper tariff law protecting American
Industries and yielding sufficient irovenues
from duties on foreign imports, as ttoe IteX m
ley law did. the Government would not liava
to borrow gold, became it would have more
1 than it needed to pay its running expenses, to
maintain the reserve and to retire its Interest,
bearing bonds. The business /community
would not have to drain *■• the treasury vaulu.
because we should ■ not then need to send to
foreigners great sunns of gold to pay for our
purchases made abroad.
Wipe out free trade and the gold reserve will
v a « u?27 c J- ts no rmal standard unaided.
Abolish the Wilson tariff, replacing it Him a
protective revenue law, and no one will need
to call on bankers to help the Government.
protect American labor, American Investment
and the American market, and there will be
an end to the present evils that threaten the
very Government itself. This country needs
protection. It is on tho verge of perishing for
the lack of it. The voters of the United States
must elect McKinley and restore the American
principle of protection or in - the , next four
years we shall endure such trials an we never
£? i£>£ aT f.£ t £ er ? ci - ' Th « Democratic victory
« 1892, WitlUU. lm-tna», result* HM:t«irf, ,
bie. A Democratic victory in 1896, with more
free trade and with other evils to accompany
it, would be fatal. On the election of William
McKinley rests the hope of onr people, tbe
security of the Nation itself.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I could die for you," he said.
-■And I for y*oa." said she.
And why, forsooth, ahould they therefore not
Live together happily?— Detroit Tribune.
"Does your baby walk yet, Mrs. Tarbell T"
"Walt! Blessyou.no. But be can ride all
round the nnrsery on his little bike."—Cleve
land Plata Dealer.
Kllicott Squeer— Do you propose to marry
Westside?
Westside— Well, what other object would I
have in proposing?— Buffalo Times.
"It's no use. I couldn't make Mrs. Rusher
happy out in the country."
' 'What was the matter?"
"She cried day and night over the advertise
ments of the big bargain sales that were going
on in town."— Chicago Record.
Johnnie (the office boy) — Mr. Sands, the
grocer, is downstairs and wants to know why
you didn't answer his letter about last month's
bilL sir.
Editor — Tell him he forgot to inclose a
stamp.— London Tit- Bits.
"It is mighty inspiring to think of all the
oratory which a period of National excitement
like tbe present produces," said the man who
was waiting for his train.
"That's right. Every time I think of it I'm
tickled nearly to death."
"Are you interested in politics?"
"No. I sell cough drops."— Washington Star.
"Whu's dishere sixteen to one business?"
asked one colored man.
"Uoan' yoh know whn dat is? "
"No'ndeed. An' I bet er razzer yoh doan'
know neider."
"Ya«s, I do— yasi, I do. Sixteen ter one— er—
urn— sixteen ter one is whut all de white folks
is talkia' 'bout case dey done got tired o'
Trilby an' de X ray."— Washington Star.
AN IRREPRESSIBLE CANDIDATE.
They put him up fer Congressman
In country an' in town;
Tbe oilier feller won it. au'
He hauled ols colors down ;
But he hollered for the winner,
Au' he bei another bat
Hfc'd make th«* Leglslatur'. an'
1 hey beat him out o' that !
But he saw the Sheriff's office.
An' he said: "I'm goin' iv!"
The road waa mighty dusty, an'
lie found he couldn't win ;
But failure didn't feaze him :
Though the weatuer wur.u't fair,
He Jumped Into the saddle an'
He run along fer Mayor!
Of course, they took an* beat
Him— like they'd been a-beatin' still;
1 bey whipped him ln the valley.
An' they roiled him down the hill;
But his rieditnrs took after
Him, an' ao, from place to place.
He's runnin', ruunin', runnln', an'
He's always ln the race !
I'liNK L. STANTOSf.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Music— A. F. I. N.. Marshall, Cal. There is
no department of music in the University of
California at Berkeley.
Alaska Schools— H. D. G., City. For infor
mation about the schools of Alaska address a
communication to James Sheakley, Governor
of Alaska.
Silver as Legal Tender— ««a Friend of The
Call," City. The amount of silver dollarstbat
a person can tender in the payment of a bill ia
unlimited unless otherwise contracted.
Stewardess— H. D. G., City. If you wish to
apply for a position as stewardess on a steamer
running out of this port send an application
to the company owning the steamer you may
choose.
Dkessmaki.no — A. F. I. K. Marshall, Cal.
This department does not advertise any pri
vate business, and for that reason cannot tell
you anything about the dressmaking estab
lishment you ask about.
The Call-A. F. I. N., Marshall, Cal. The
first number of The Call was issued on the
Ist of December, lSOti. by a company of five
printers, J. J. Ayeis, I.ewllin Zublin, Charles
F. Jobson, David W. Iliggins and Willinm L
Carpenter.
To Brrw.D a Sidewalk— J. W. R.. City. If the
owner of outside property desires to lay down
a five-foot sidewalk in front of his property
where the full width of the sidewalk Is four
teen feet he must obtain a permit from the
Board of Supervisors tefore he can proceed
with the work.
Free Cotna«k-W. d. H. and E. E. 8., Hayes
street, City. What is meant br "free coinage
of silver " and "10 to 1" was explained in a
half-column answer in Answers to Correspond
ents In The Call of June U9. This department
has not the space to reproduce that answer
every few days.
Pi.ak.s- Subscriber. Berkeley, Cftl. If Jones
engages an architect to draw plans lor him
and he pays him for them they are his prop
erty, but unless there is an understanding to
tbat effect it would not prevent the architect
from drawing plans for Brown tobutld a house
just like that built for Jones.
Go: d-J. F. M., City. California has not pro
duced more gold than the aggregate of all
other parts of the world. The product of Cal
ifornia from 1848 to 1894 inclusive was $1,
--293,115.604, while the Product of the world
from 1492 to 1894 was in excess of $12,000,
--.000,00 0.' The amount of gold coin in the
world at this time is 93,901,900,000.' S
Pehccsstox-M. E. F., Vallejo, Cal. Percus
sion when applied to music refers to musical
instruments, in which the tone is produced
by a blow irom a hammer or similar imple
ment, such as the drum and the pianotorte
In pianoforte playing percussion touch refers
to a method of touching a digital or pedal to
produce a tone of a particular quality.
J. Wilkes Booth— Constant Reader, Oakland,
Cal. Booth, the assassin of President Lincoln,
after escaping from the theater rode some
thirty miles into Maryland, where his broken
leg was set by Dr. Mudd. After that he hid in
the thickets and swamps and was finally
treced to Garrett's barn, Bowling Green,
twenty miles from Fredericksh.urg, where he
was concealed with Harrold. The pursuing
party, twenty-eight in number, surrounded
tho barn and called upon the two men to sur
reuder. Harrold camp out and gave himself
up, but Booth declared that he would never be
tiiken alive. An attempt was made to smoke
him out by building a straw fire around the
barn, but he stood his ground and he was in
the act of tiring at those outside when Colonel
( onger, who commanded the pursuing party
ordered Sergeant BoUon Corbett toshoot. The
shot wag fatal. The ballet entered Booth's
head tuid he died two hours after receiving the
wound. His remains were buried in the arsenal
yard in Washington, and some years after his
brother secured the remains and had them In
terred in a cemetery in Baltimore. He was
captured on April 26, 1805.
. Earths Revolution— B. F. H., Amalie, Kern
County, Cat. Professor George , Davidson has
kindly furnished the following answer to the
question, "How many "revolutions, to a frac
tion, does the earth make on its axis to one in
its orblt7": : "There are three kinds of years.
The sidereal year is the one which ' represents
the earth's true orbital revolution around the
■un, but it Is not vised as the year of chronology
and the calendar,' because the seasons depend
on the sun's place in relation to the equinoxes.
The tropical year is the year usually em
ployed, unless expressly stated to the contrary.
The , anomalistic year is the time from peri
helion to perihelion and la a little longer than
tin' Mtitreal year. - *JEljßllWili|lil*P>sp
I'or 1000 -Leverrier. gives the following
length* of the three different kinds of years:
TtV H. K. 8.
Tropical y«nr. ....... 805 6 48 45.61
MKUrt-al year ....... ......865* 6 "9 C. 8.97
AiiomalUtloyear 305 a 13 48 09
I lie length of the sidereal year if Invariable
and is. readily found by adding to 365.25 the
time required by the run to move through
■■_• (117650 at the rale of his sidereal motion ■
whence !»ift.i:. r it>:i744 lo mean solar days equal
8«k1.260374i1fl sidereal days' or revolutions of
the earth in one revolution of its orbit. r
I'otter's Plßl.D— lnquirer, i City. i "Potter's
Field" is derived from the use of the name •in
the Now Testament, St. Matthew xxvii: 3-8: V
Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he
saw . mat he was condemned, repented . himself
and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the
chief priests and alders. = - *
-' ■■ ■•-■ •:,•;-■.•-■ .:*. • *
- And t"he chief priests took the sliver pieces, and
said, it la not lawful for to put them Into the treas
ury, because It Is the price of blood. ...
fleK^ry^r^^r'^n 3011 '" "^ ** POt "
•X'^IS.'SS.S;.- 111 * Ac*dam»,th.
, Xao j)urcli»a» el the. field i tym pegvm by
Judas, and was completed after Judas' death
by the chief priests, who would not take the
price of blood from Judas, but used the pieces
of silver to pay for the field. Judas did no:
nay the money, but had agreed to pay it, with
a view to securing a habitation lor himself
and hiß wife and children, but stung witn re
morse he brought again the pieces of silver to
the priests, and then went to the field and
hanged himself, and, the cord breaking, his
bowels gushed out. All he purchased with the
reward of iniquity was the bloody field of his
burial. The field originally belonged to a
potter, and had become useless to him when
its clay was exhausted. The field of blood,
where even now there is a bed of white clay.
Is shown at this day on the steep south face of
the ravine of Hinnom, Jerusalem, on a nar
row, level terrace, half-way up near its east
end; now Bak-ed-damn.
In modern times aud in modern cities
"Potter's Field" is the name given to a piece
of ground reserved as a burial place for
strangers and the frirndless poor.
Thk Shermux Act— Republican, City. The
Senators who voted for the repeal of the pur
chasing clause of the Sherman act were:
Democrats— Brice, Caffrey. Camden, Faulkner,
Gibson, Gorman, Gray, Hill, Hunton, Lindsey,
McPhersoD, Mills. Mitchell (Wis.), Murphy,
Ransom, Smith, Turpie, Vilas, Voorhies and
White (La). Republicans— Aldrich, Carey, Cul
lom, Davis, Uixon, Dolph, Frey, Hale, Hawley,
Higgins, Hoar, Lodge, McMillan, Manderson,
Morrill, Piatt, Proctor, Quay, Snernan, Squire,
Stockbridge and Washburn.
Building ix Casino— W. P. S.. City. In the
game of casino, should the player build a card
to a certain denomination and his opponent
decline to build it up higher, he, the first
player, may not alter bis build, but must take
it with a card of tbe same denomination; he
if, however, at liberty to make another build,
either of the same or of any other denomina
tion, or he may pair or combine any other
card* before taking up his first build, but he
must comply with one of the conditions named
before playing a card which will do either.
A Mining Claiji~T. P., Pike City, Sierra
County, CaL If a locator takes up a mining
claim, the size permitted by the United States
mineral laws, or the size permitted by the local
laws of the mining district in which the loca
tion is taken up, tbe locator must comply with
all the laws or else he will forfeit his rights.
If he should make a location of 1500 and
should atake out but 1000 feet of it he wculd
not have any recourse against another party
who womd locate on the other 500 feet.
"Ich Dies"— X. T., City. "Ich Dien," tfte
motto of the Prince of Wales, is German and
means "I serve." The usually accepted story
of its origin is that it was in the fourteenth
century the motto of the Kings of Bohemia
and that at tbe battle of Crecy in 1345 the
Black Prince killed tbe King of Bohemia, took
tbe motto which the latter wore on his helmet
and assumed it himself to Indicate that be,
too, served his country. An English writer says
the statement that these words were tbe motto
of the King of Bohemia does not rest upon
good authority and goes on to say :
"The three plumes Mere certainly not
the crest of the King of Bohemia, which
was an eagle's wing. Verstegau, with great
probability, makes it purely Anglo-Saxon. Ie
or Ich, he tells us. meant 1, as 1 myself; and be
further says It was pronounced as we should
do if it were writien Igb, whereby it hath
some aspiration. 'Theyn,' he informs us, waa
a 'chief e or very free servant; thereof cometh
Theme,' to serve. In a subsequent article he
says 'The Prince of Wales, the King of
England's eldest son. is wont to use for his
poesie (alter our ancient English speech) the
words 'Ie Dien' for 'Ich tbaiu,' that is, 'I
serve' ; where the reader Is to remember that
d und ih were in our ancient language in
differently usefl. It is quite clear, however,
tbat after the battle ot Crecy, Edward the
Black Prince adopted tbe plume aud motto as
a crest, and it has since been borne by the
heirs to the crown of England as
such." Another tradition of the origin is
in that Edward I conquered tbe people of
Wales after a long and stubborn fight on the
part of the latter. To win the favor of tnese
unwilling subjects be promised to give them
for a ruler a prince who was born in Wales
and who could not speak a word of English.
A few days after this promise was made the
English Queen — then staying at Carnarvon,
Wales, to be near the King— gave birth to a
son, aud this infant the Kiug brought before
the Assembly, saying to them in Welsh, "Eich
dydn," meaning "behold tbe man." Whether
this be truft or not, it is a historical fact that
the young English Prince was at that time and
under those circumstance* born in Wales, and
from that fact the heir apparent to the Eng
lish throne has ever since had the title of
Prince of Wales.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Czar Nicholas will make hit visits to the sov
ereigns oi Europe alone.
Benjamin McKenney, an 81-year-old resi
dent of Cape Porpoise, Me., has just cut three
new teeth.
Professor Virchow has had a narrow escape,
having been thrown down in the streets of
Berlin by a bicycle. Fortunately he suffered
no severe injury.
Congressman Richardson of Tennessee is un
alterably opposed to woman's riding the
wheel. If she must do so, he thinks bloomers
the rational dress.
The widowed Queen of Naples Is the only fe
male Knight of the Russian Order of St. George,
an honor conferred solely for exceptional gal
lantry under fire.
Father McGlynn. who has been so prominent
a figure in the past, is now in charge of the
country parish of St. Mary's at Newburg, N.
V., but will probably be transferred to a city
parish ere long.
Hundreds of people visit the Hermitage,
Andrew Jackson's old Tennessee home, every
month, and the income derived from the ad
mission fee of 10 cents is a very neat source of
revenue to the association that keeps the house
in repair.
It might be supposed that a statesman with
out tact would be something like a well with
out water. Yet Signor Crispi, the famous
Italian diplomatist, is a man who entirely
lacks this essential. He is almost brutal at
times in his boorishness.
Some one, it is alleged, brought Russell Sage
a subscription list recently for some charitable
purpose. The millionaire looked it over and
saw the name of Mrs. Russell Sage put down
for $25. Quickly taking his pen the philan
thropist wrote "Mr. and" before the signature
and returned the list.
A YOUNG GIRL'S NIGHTDRESS.
A nightdress for little girls which is cut on
very simple lines and yet Is up to date recom
mends itself to all mothers, for it is easily
made and will please the little maid by its
plcturesqueness, which is the result of the
large collar and full sleeves. The gown may
be re-enforced in yoke .nape for extra strength
at the top, where the wear and tear comes. •
The collar may be ; neatly edged with a
?rm r «l\. b r ßDd ? f H » mbur * emtrSiderv or a
v wtn"».V lCe ( ' but . lß m ltself very effect*
lveniien made of plain white collar cioth
J" 1 ' 6 ,'' »»«».. The neatest triramYng «nd
ISclen^L l in Ye is a tiny insertion of Val
enciennes, let in about its width from the
edge of the collar, with an inch-wide edge or
tail,^iui^V l^ 11 / «" h «^- This %n-
J*u« a kittle more labor, but repays one by its
"S «-«fe c^
A PUNCHBOWL'S VOTARIES
Admiring Throngs Flock to the
Woman Suffrage Bureau
to See It.
Precinct aad Literary Work Go on
Swimmingly — Miss Anthony to
Lecture at Santa Cruz
Mrs. Perley's punchbowl, which some
fair devotees of Father Mathew persist in
calling a lemonade vat, has become one of
the lions of the Woman Suffrage Bureau.
The Call's glowing though inadequate
description of its beauties caused many
art critics to visit the bureau yesterday. A
popular clergyman, who has long worn
the pretty suffragist badge, lost no time in
making his way to the bureau, where he
feasted his longing eyes upon the lovely,
albeit empty, bowl.
Several Chinese also went to see how the
work of ceramic art would compare with
similar triumphs in the Mongol school,
and one merchant was so delighted with
it that he straightway returned to his
shop, whence he sent a handsome lac
quered box wherein the votes and the
dimes, which must correspond in
number with the votes, are to be hence
forth deposited. The box is of eenerous
proportions, and it was thought that it
would be sufficient to empty it each day
after office hours; but if dimes and votes
continue to come in as they did all day
the operation will have to be gone through
with at least three times daily.
The precinct cJub work is getting on
famously. Mrs. Clara Long, the City or
ganizer, reports that sixteen out of the
eighteen Assembly districts have flourish
ing clubs, some districts having as many
as seven. Mrs. Naomi Anderson, the elo
quent colored lady orator, has also organ
ized a large club of Afro-American woman
suffragists, of which Mrs. Martin has been
elected president. The distribution of
literature is likewise going on at a rattling
pace. A project is on foot for crystalliz
ing some of the most telling arguments in
favor of woman suffrage into short sen
tences, to be printed in large letters on
"dodgers" and distributed by the hun
dred thousand.
Misa Anthony will leave to-morrow
morning for Santa Cruz, where she will be
the guest of Mrs. Lucy Underwood Me-
Cann, who was commissioner from Cali
fornia at the late Cotton Exposition in
Atlanta, (ia. During her stay at Santa
Cruz Miss Anthony will speak by special
invitation at the annual meeting of the
Christian Ministers' Association of Cali
fornia, and will deliver a lecture under
the auspices of the Santa Cruz Suffrage
Club.
"And yet," commented a bright star in
social and suffrage circlea, "there are
people alive to-day who think the woman
suffrage movement a thing too ridiculous
to be considered seriously. Are these tby
brains, O anti-suff ra gist of America?"
Cream mixed candies. 25c lb, Townsend's. *
Fpkcial Information dally to mannfactarsn.
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
The Farmers' and Producers' Protective As
soclation give notice that they will open a
hay market at the corner of Seventh and Bry
ant Btreets on Thursday, July 30, 1896, and
will sell at public auction each day at tbe
Southern Pacific hay yard, between the hours
of 11 and 12 o'clock a. m. •
A Berlin dispatch to the London Standard
says that Anton Rubinstein left a voluminous
work, containing not only his opinions on
musical subjects, but also reminiscences of the
more important events in hig life. It consists
of aphorisms and brief accounts of his experi
ences.
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Sbasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Eucampment of the G. A. R. at
St. Panl, to be beld there September 2to 5. The
excursion will leave Sao Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. k. Kates 967 90 for the
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. ■ Send jour name and ad- -
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, San Francisco, for sleeping-car reservations.
Are You Going- Bast?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Pa
route— is tne coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Us elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
i room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which ran dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. - Tick
et office, 644 Market street. Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1631.
"Mrs. Wlnalow's Soothing Syrnn"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mot bar
for their children white Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay*
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels anl
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and sale
for Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 260 a botUa.
Cobona»o.— is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being • entirely free from the mists cota
mon farther north. Mound-trip tickets, by steam*'
ship, including fifteen days' board at th* Hotel da!
Corouado, SOU: longer stay «2 50 per day, ApjMf
4i»«w Aiontcomery st.. SanFraicisoa.
Hjjndbids have testified to the cnratlve prop
erties of Ayer s Cherry Pectoral in colds, coughs
and other throat and lung troubles.
The German Emperor, as every one knows,
is fond of very strong and rank cigars. When
alone in his study, however, he smokes a big
china-bowled pipe of the typical German kind.
hew to-dat:
TBIG GUT
Fruit Jars
45c PER - DOZ. PINTS
55c PER DOZ. QUARTS
75c PER DOZ. HALF GALLONS
3oc PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES
out r»nicus
Crockery, Chinawarc sad Glassware.
Come and Get Posted.
Gf eat AmericanlmpQrtiiig: Tea Co
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. ■'""146 Ninth "st.
3510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. _ 3008 Flllaore st.
017 K « r st. . 90S Market st
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st,
Sat Montgomery we. 104 Second st. "
133 Hayes st ; 3a 59 Mission it.
Sa Market st. (Headquarters). S. P.
1053 Wash ir. ton st. 616 E. Twelfth St.* -
lit San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
, 133S Park St.. Alameda. .
No tricks about "Bed
Letter Days — not even a
ghost of a trick.
Good furniture, quick
prices— all.
S A Ko^) FUBNITURE Company
(N. P. Cole A Co.) - ■«■»»* *»-" *
WGurjr Strati'WKDNFBCA Y JULY 29, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
' BALnwrs Thf.atkb.— "Bohemia."
Taufornia THKATKB.-"Merchant of Venice."
Columbia Theater- "The Highest Bidder."
>«orosco'B t«.K*-hoi'BK- -Mr. Barnes of New
York. '
1 ivoi.l Opkba-Hou«k.— "Carmen."
Ohphecv- High-Class Vaudeville.
Sctro Baths— and performance*
►•hoot THKCHtrrKS— Dally at Uaight street,
■M block east of tbe Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion-— To Santa Cruz, Sunday. August 2.
AUCTION bALLS.
By Crab. Lkvv & Co.— Thursday, July 30,
Restaurant, at 867 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
Hv Sri!. ivan & Dovi-K— Thursday, July 30,
Horses, etc, at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
The hotel men seem to favor a spring car
nival and promise support.
The weather bureau predicts cloudy weather,
•with light winds, for to-day.
Market Inspector Ben Davis rendered hi« re
port to the Board ol Health yesterday.
The Election Commission finished the work
of appointing election officers yesterday.
A large number of skeletons havebeen found
hi an old Indian burial mound in Sausalito.
Josephine Neutter has applied for letters of
administration on the $3000 estate of August
Neutter.
Retail grocers' associations dispute about
the right to use an old title in connection with
°a picnic.
The trial of the suit of J. J. Raver against
Walter Hobart was begun before Justice Barry
yesterday.
Mrs. Annie Mitchell, who slashed a horse's
neck with a razor Saturday night, was arrested
yesterday.
The bill of exceptions in the Dnrrant case
jvill be filed to-day in tbe Clerk's office of the
"Supreme Court.
Woman°suffrage clubs have been organized
in sixteen out of the eighteen Assembly dis
tricts ol the City.
■ Charles Monet was yesterday appointed ex
ecutor of the will of Hannah Wortsmith.whose
estate is worth $3500.
Oliver Ellsworth has been appointad execu
tor oi the will of Seth Bryan, who left personal
property valued at $1000.
Ellen Maxey's will has been probated and
Meinrad Humme'.tenberg appointed executor.
The estate is worth $4400.
"• * Another McKinley club was organized in the
F> rty-seeond District, with 146 charter mem
bers, iast Monday evening.
' ' J. E. Behan and W. T. Himei have applied
for 'iet'.ers of administration on the $5620
estate of Jeremiah O'Connor.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the iudg
. ment in Thompson and Williams vs. Grace
•" 'Methodist Episcopal Church.
The Richmond District is availing itself of
the privilege of using 1 red rock for its side
walks and other improvements.
The officers of the Naval Battalion enter
• lamed Mnj<>r-General James at dinner on the
0 monitor Camanche last evening.
C. W. Pope of this City has been elected
grand president of the Pacific Coast district of
•" tne Order of the Sons of St. George.
The Auditor's report to the State Controller
". 'of '.he delinquent tuxes for the year 1895 was
. forwarded to Sacramento yesterday.
Charles Zang, 812 Jessie street, was yester
day bound over to keep the peace toward his
wife Sophie in $500 bonds by Judge Low.
Captain Charles Clark, master of the
» wrecked Colombia, was before the inspector of
. hulls and boners for examination yesterday.
.•Captain Leonard Gill of the Olympic Club
Is confident that the Olympic athletes will
meet the Mult nomah athletes in September.
• The James G. Blame Club, with ex-Sheriff
Thomas Desmond as president, has been
organized in the best interests of the Repub
lican party.
Tbe unemployed held a meeting yesterday
"afternoon at 1159 Mission street to denounce
the plan proposed by the Salvation Army for
° aiding them.
Anton Bank, baker, Sixteenth avenue, South
San Francisco, swore to a complaint yesterday
charging John Kelly with robbing his till of
, $1 50 on Monday.
•*• ..Judge Hebuard yesterday fined R. P. Meril
lion $100 and committed him to jail for two
days for contempt, in having disobeyed an
order of the court.
Rev. Dr. Eli McClish will be elected presi
dent of the University of tbe Pacific if he does
not object. The trustees will meet to make the
selection August 4.
The Oceanic Steamship Company and the
Spreckels Towboat Company will move from
tuisom to the Pacific-street wharf about the
middle of next month.
o Judge Sanderson has returned from his vaca
tion and will preside over the naturalization
of all who desire in his courtroom during the
remainder of the week.
'The distillery sites of the whisky trust in
" o thi#City were sold yesterday to the secretary
o; the reorganization committee of the trust,
who was the only bidder.
The ocean race from San Francisco to Hono
lulu between the Australia and City of Peking
was won by the former. The Australia made
a splendid run in the circumstances.
• . Otto Brown, 110 Beale street, swore to a
complaint yesterday charging two ex-convicts
with Deating him because he testified against
them at their trial about two years ago.
A. A. Cunningham, ex-secretary of the
veterinary department of the State University,
was yesterday arrested for misdemeanor em
beazlement, and was released on bonds.
. The Sausalito poolroom case resulted yester
day in a disagreement, half the jury standing
for conviction and half for acquittal. Conse
quently, the poolrooms continue in full blast.
The department at Washington has decided
that the place made vacant by the death of
Captain Talbot, formerly Inspector of Hulls
and Boilers, comes under the civil service law.
The widow of Policeman George Stevens has
s.ued the Board of Police Fund Commissioners
o for $1000 because of the death of her husband,
$10<K) for its detention and $500 counsel fees.
The plan is outlined for the formation to
night in the rooms of the Union League Club
of a great local body politic to be known as
''The National Republican League of San
- "Francisco."
A littl3 daughter of Thomas Minchain of
We*t Park" street died from injuries sustained
through having her clothes catch fire while
playing out-of-doors. The origin of the mis
*. hap is a mystery.
° The James G. Blame Republican Club pro
poses to hold public meetings in Metropolitan
Temr.le, at which able speakers will explain
Ice silver bugaboo and iv destructive effects
upon the masses.
The schooner Chetco has returned to the
"wreck of the Colombia, where another seventy
tons of freight awaits her. Nearly ail the mer
chandise is in good order, and is only slightly
damaged by salt water.
°Th£ Democratio policy of free trade crushes
the wool-growing industries of the country.
Prices (all and factories are idle. In San Fran
. cifCO most of the warehouses have closed, aud
dealers see no hope save in a protective tariff.
Judge Seawell yesterday decided against the
Jordan Rock Company in the review proceed
ings against the Board of Supervisors for their
HCtion in awarding the Folsom-street paving
contract to the City Improvement Company.
.NEW TO-DA?. •
Womeh A3n>WojmrOin.T are most com-
petent to folly appreciate the purity, sweet-
ness, and delicacy of CrmctTHA Soap, and
to discover new uses for it daily. To cleanse,
purify, and beautify the akin, to allay Itch- ■
ing and irritation, to heal chafingi, excoria-
tions, and ulcerati vo weaknesses, nothing bo ;
pure, so sweet, so speedily effective as warm '
baths w'.ih Coticcka SoAr, followed, when ■ .
necessary, by mild applications of Ccticura
(ointment), the great ekin cure. v ,_ , ■
'*. Sold throughout the world. Price. CtmecßA, Wei
• ! Soap. 25c; Kesui.tbkt, Me «nd 91. ■ Potte* Dlto i
ajtd Chrm. Coup., Sole Proprietor*, Borton. i _ ■■— .
«■" How to Product Luxiiri—U Hair," mailed txm.
HE IS FIGHTING
FOR HIS LICENSE,
Captain dark of the Co
lombia Up for Exami
nation.
NO CASTS OF THE LEAD
The Pigeon Point Signal Said to
Have Been Out of
Order.
WAS NOT HEARD THAT NIGHT
Captains Had Been Instructed to
Place No Dependence on Fog
Whistles.
Captain Clark of the wrecked steamship
Colombia was before Captain Bermingham,
United States Inspector of Hulls and Boil
ers, yesterday, to tight for his license. He
Captain Clark as He Told His Story to Captain Bermingham and a Stenographer
and some of his officers were examined as
to what happened just before the wreck
and how it was that the ship came to be
hung up on the Pigeon Point reef.
R. P. Schwerin, vice-president and man
a?er of the Pacific Mail Company, came in
while the examination was in progress,
and he was allowed to question the wit
nesses, and then at tne end be took the
stand himself. The stories told did not
differ much from the accounts of the
wreck which have been published, but
there was one fact added which had not
previously been brought to light. It ap
peared from the testimony of George T.
Bright, who was the lookout at the time
tbe vessel struck, that shortly after the
acciaeni a pray-haired man came
aboard from a small boat and said
he was the keeper of the lighthouse on
Pigeon Point. He said he wanted to clear
himself — tnat sometimes the fog-whistle
worked and sometimes it didn't, and more
words leading to the inference that the
whistle had not been working properly, or
had not been worKing at all. Later
Charles McCarthy, a quartermaster, testi
fied that when he went ashore in the first
boat he met two young ladies who told
him the fog signal had not been going
during the night.
Captain Clark's story failed to explain
the disaster. lie said be had never, in all
his experience as a master on this coast,
passed close enough to Ano Nueva to hear
the fog signal there, and so when he heard
the signal there he at once concluded it
was Pigeon Point. He calculated that he
was about five miles off Ano Nueva, or, as
he thought, Pigeon Point, but had he been
that distance off shore the course he laid
would have carried him clear of Pigeon
Point. He said he took no soundings, bnt
the lead was ready on tne bridge in case
of sudden necessity. When she struck,
tbe captain said, tbe Colombia was mak
ing thirteen and a half knots.
John Thompson, the third officer, told
how he and the captain had debated over
a fog signal they heard, and concluded
that it was the Pigeon Point whistle, and
that they were about five miles off shore,
by the sound. He said he heard but two
or three faint blasts of the signal ahead,
the Pigeon Point signal, and these sounded
like one blast, not Jiite the double blast
which is peculiar to that signal.
Charles Olsen, the second officer, told
a story substantially tbe same, so far as the
run from Point Bur was concerned. He
was not on watch when the vessel struck.
Pilot George D. Korts was called to tell
what he knew of the fog signals on Pigeon
Point and Ano Nueva. Then Bright tes
tified and then McCarthy.
Captain Clark was then called once more
and Mr. Scbwerin began to question him.
He had not gone far, however, when Cap
tain Bermingham stopped him, saying
that the questions he asked had already
been cone over. Mr. Schwerin then said
he thought be had a right to question tbe
witness, as tbe Pacific Mail was a party
vitally interested. He said be bad prop
erty at tbe mercy of captains licensed by
the Government and he should have the
right to show whether or not these cap
tains are qualified for their trust, be
wanted to show that the Pacific Mail Com
pany's bad positive instructions to place
no dependence in fog signals.
It was suggested that Mr. Schwerin be
sworn, and when this had been dorr? he
told how Captain Clark had come to have
command of the Colombia. When the
ship came out, he said. Captain Clark was
put in charge and told that she was to be
made as popular as possible.
Schwerin told the captain he bad had
peculiar ideas about the lead line, that it
was the best friend a captain ever bud and
that he wished no chances taken, either in
running in or out of a port in a fog. or at
any point in thick weather, and that it
was much easier to find bottom with a
lead than with the ship's keel. He said
Clark bad been in the company's service
for twenty-six, years, and that he con
sidered the captain in every way fitted to
take command of the Colombia — that is,
before she ran on the rocks.
JAILED FOR CONTEMPT.
K. P. .Meriilion Has to Fay the Penalty
for Disobeying Judge Hebbard.
Jndge Hebbard yesterday committed
R. P. Meriilion to jail for two days and
fined him $100 for contempt of court
Meriilion some time ago was engaged in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
the box manufacturing business and sold
out to H. B. Meyer. It was stipulated at
the time that Meriilion should not re
engage in the business in this City. He,
however, subsequently entered the employ
of the American Box Comyany as a solic
itor.
Thereupon Meyer had an injunction
iseued commanding Merillion to live up
to the terms of his contract. This he
promised to do, but recently he has been
again soliciting patronage for the Ameri
can Box Company. Consequently Judge
Hebbard committed him for contempt.
The case will in all probability go to the
Supreme Court.
CUNNINGHAM ARRESTED.
The Ex-Secretary of the Veterinary De
partment Has Not Settled.
A. A. Cunningham, ex-secretary of the
veterinary department of the State Uni
versity, was arrested yesterday on a com
plaint charging him with misdemeanor
embezzlement. He was immediately re
leased on $300 bonds.
The complaint was sworn to yesterday
morning in Judge Conlan's court by Dr.
W. F. Egan, treasurer of the department,
and the amount alleged to have been em
bezzled is $212.
Last Thursday Dr. Egan applied for the
warrant but did not swear to it, as he
wanted to see if Cunningham would re
fund tbe money he had misappropriated,
which at tbe lowest calculation was esti
mated at $212. At that time full particu
lars of the affair were published.
Melody at Belvedere.
The second open-air water concert of the
series will be given at Belvedere this evening.
The Angel Island band will play during the
early portion of the evening on board the
launch Wildwood, moving about the cove, and
later from the upper deck of the ark Ala
meda, thus offoraing every one an oppor
tunity of enjoying a night of melody either
from the hillsides or on- the water.
HELP FROM HOTEL MEN,
They Favor the Spring Carnival
and Promise Financial
Support.
A Second Order for Buttons— Bids on
tbe Programme to Be Re
turned.
Manager Kirkpatrick of the Palace Hotel
informed General Warfield yesterday that
he was ready to draw his check in favor of
the executive committee of the carnival of
the Golden Gate for $1500 for tbe coming
carnival. Kirkpatrick stated when the
committee first called upon him that be
would give that amount if the carn.'val was
held in tbe spring and one-third If held in
the fall. He says he is now ready to carry
out bis promise.
A number of other subscriptions were
made to the carnival on the »m« basis.
The hotelmen without exception favored
tbe spring months for tne carnival and
their subscriptions were based upon the
same understanding. They will be seen
during tne next few days and announce
ments made of the amounts subscribed.
A second order for 25,000 carnival bat
tons was placed yesterday. It is expected
to have the first lot on sale about Septem
ber 1. They will be retailed at 10 cents
and the proceeds applied to meeting the
running expenses of the carnival.
The chairmanship of the finance com
mittee will be tilled in a few days. Gen
eral Warfield has in view one of the most
prominent and energetic business men of
the ci:y who has successfully conducted
several large enterprises. The position,
which is one of considerable responsibility,
has been offered him and be has taken the
matter under advisement.
Six bids for printing the official souvenir
programme were received op Monday.
The printing committee has decided to re
turn all bids unopened, and advertise
again under tbe changed conditions.
The managers of the whale banting ex
pedition will open an office at the carnival
headquarters this week. When the ceta
cean is captured it will be towed ashore
and exhibited for the benefit of the car
nival. The members of the executive
committee believe it will be a strong at
traction, especially after being out of the
water a few days.
DISSOLVED THE ORDER.
Judge Seawell Decide* Against the Jor
dan Company.
Judge Beawell yesterday dismissed the
writ of certiorari issued at the instance of
the Joidan Bituminous Rock Company,
commanding the Board of Supervisors to
explain its action in awarding the Folsom
street paving contract to the City Improve
ment Company. He also dissolved the
temporary restraining order which pro
hibited Auditor Broderick issuing a war
rant on the City treasury for payment for
the work.
Some time ago the JorJan Company filed
a suit claiming that the Board of Super
visors bad discriminated against it in the
matter of letting the Folsom-street con-
I tract because its bitumen was brought to
Fan Francisco by water instead of on the
cars of the Southern Pacific Company
Attorney Garret McEnerney, in behalf of
the board, argued the matter before Judge
Seawell yesterday, and Cnarles F. Hanlon
represented the Jordan Company His
Honor decided that the board had acted
in a fair and legal manner throughout and
so dismissed the writ and dissolved the
order restraining partial payment for the
work done.
Snit on a Mortgage.
The Gennania Savings and Loan Society has
begun suit to foreclose a mortgage on the
property at the southwest corner of Twentieth
and Howard streets. The snit 1% brought
against Fabian Joost et al. The amount of
money involved is f 16,000. a balance due on
a note lor $40,000 made August 4, 1891.
• — » ♦
Hoitt's School foi Boys, Burlingame. Sixth
year begins Aug. 4. Ira v. lioiu, fh.D., Master*
THE AUSTRALIA
WON THE RACE.
She Beat the City of
Peking in the Run to
Honolulu.
NOT A CLOSE CONTEST.
Chief Steward James Wants a
Dozen Choice Eggs From
Fancy Stock.
HE HAS TO "SdUAEE" HIMSELF
Presented a Friend With a Dczen of
the Hard Boiled Variety for a
Setting.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu yesterday
with a lull list of passengers. Those in the
cabin were:
Colonel F. L. Guenther, Miss Guenther, Colo
nel William Macdonald, Mrs. H. Morrison,
Mrs. J. L. Mauerer, F. Homer and wife, R. 1.
Lillie and wile, B. T. McCullough, Theodore
Richards and wife. Captain W. B. Godfrey,
wife and five children; E O. White, wife and
two children; Rev. Brother Joseph, Miss M.
Fitzgerald, Mrs. Keech and two children Mrs
C. M. Shortridge, Miss V. Shortridge, Miss M.
Bwing!ey, Dr. W. Anderson and wife, Miss A.
Dahl, Mrs. J. A. Hopper and niece, J. S. Mc-
Candless, L. L. Mccandless, Miss A. Kingsford
Mrs. M. M. Scott, Miss G. M. Scott, Miss M.
Scott, Rev. Bro. Edward, C. J. Cooper, Mrs. J.
Bchnack and two children, E. D. Tenney. W G.
Ashley, A. L. Taylor, Mrs. Captain Curtis,
Misses Curtis. Mrs. Utner, Mrs. L. Kessler, J. A.
Kennedy, S. J. Smith, W. Horn, Mrs. G. Lei bold
Rev. Brother Albert, Miss M. S. Denis, Z. R.
I'angborn and wife,. P. A. Williams and wife
D. E. Bortree, Miss M. Bortree, Miss K. Ather
ton, Miss a Fiaxman, W. O. Atwater, Miss L.
Goldctein, T. J. Birch, J. K.Suydam, C. H Suy
aam, Miss L Roberta, C. £. Rice and H. Pohl
mann.
On the 12th inst. the Australia sailed for
Honolulu and three hours later the Pacific
Mail Company's City of Peking sailed for
the same port. Bets were freely made on
the race and in every instance tbe Peking
was the favorite. The Australia won easily,
getting into Honolulu at 6:40 p. m. on the
17th, while the Peking did not reach port
until 4 o'clock the next morning. Owing
to the strike in the Newcastle collieries the
Australia had very poor coal in her bunk
ers and Chief Enpineer Neiman is of the
opinion that with good coal tae trip coula
easily have been shortened twelve hours.
When the Australia leaves port again
Chief Steward T. K. James will take along
with him a dozen eggs from the best bred
chickens in the State. He is procuring
them for Clarence McFarland, brother of
the colonel, and they are to be used as a
peace offering.
McFarland is a chicken fancier, and for
months he has been after James to bring
him down some fancy eggs. James
always promised faithfully, but tbe
promise always slipped his memory.
When the steamer was passing through
the Golden Gate on the 12th inst. he sud
denly remembered the eggs and was in
despair. A bright idea struck him. and
going into tbe pantry he selected a dozen
of the largest and best-looking eggs in a
large box. These he told the cook to boil
nard and then wrap neatly in tissue.
When the Australia reached Honolulu
James handed over the eggs to McFar
land, who, in his joy at securing them,
opened a bottle of wine. Last advices re
ceived before the steamer sailed were to
the effect that McFurland's hen was pa
tiently setting on the hard-boiled eggs.
The above is the true reason why genial
Tom James is anxious to purchase fancy
eggs at any price before the Australia
sails again for Honolulu. Chief Officer
Lawless asserts that the hen will have
hatched out an omelette before the Aus
tralia gets back to Hawaii.
The Oceanic Steamship Company and
the Snreckels Towboat Company will
move from Folsom-street wharf to the
Pacific-street wharf in about a fort
night. It was so decided at a meeting
of the Harbor Commissioners yesterday.
Commissioner Colnon was very "much op
posed to the moving of the towboats and
wanted them stationed at Howard No. 2.
He insisted that a wharf which had cost
$50,000 to build should not be given over
to craft of that description.
John D. Spreckels argued that the best
wharves on the front should be given over
to ocean steamers and that inasmuch as
tbe Oceanic was a local concern and spent
all its money bere, some consideration
should be shown. With tbe Australian
and Hawaiian steamers docking at Pacific
street the wharf would have to be bonded
and it would be a great hardship to have
outside schooners docking there.
Chief Wharfinger Root gave it as his
opinion that it would give rise to endless
trouble to hnve any small craft docking at
Pacific street and Mr. Spreckels pointed
out that only two steamers could lie along
side the wharf and that then there would
just be room for the tugs. "No matter
what comes or goes," said he, "we must
nave a tug there with steam up night and
day in order to put ont fires. By putting
all the vessels at one dock you "will save
room and we will save the expense of run
ning two offices."
Commissioners Chadbonrne and Cole
were in favor of granting Mr. Spreckels'
request on the ground thnt the change was
only temporary, and President Colnan
finally gave in. When Folsom street
wharf is rebuilt it is expected that the ves
sels in question will move back again.
Edward R. Swain, the board's architect,
recommended certain changes in the new
ferry depot. As it would entail an addi
tional expenditure of $2960 the matter wns
taken under advisement and the Com
missioners will look into the matter.
Some weeks ago tbe whaleback City of
Everett drifted down on a dolphin at Mis
sion 3 and carried it away. A bill for $226
wa^sent in by thf» rommissioners.butwhen
Superintendent of Construction Patterson
said the rile? were rotten tie bill was re
duced to $113.
Captain Bucknam. who was formerly
master of the City of Everett, goes out as
chief officer of the City of Sydney.
The schooner Chetco was towed back to
the wreck of the Colombia yesterday.
There is about seventy tons of recovered
froicrht awaiting her and on its arrival
here it will be sold at auction.
An immense quantity of fruit came down
on the steamers Onward, Aurora ami Re
lief yesterday from the Sacramento. Puget
Sound ports partly relieved the glut and
the Umatilla was held half an hour in
order to take away some of the surplus to
Seattle, Tacoma, Port Townsend and Vic
toria, B. C. Sergeant Tom Mahoney said
t'nat it was the busiest day that be has
•een on Jackson-street wtarf in fifteen
years. _____________
SUED THE COMMISSIONERS.
The Widow of Policeman Stevens Bring*
Charged Against City Official*. "J..
, Theresa M.Stevens, widow of Policeman
George Stevens, , has sued the Board of
Police Pension ; Fund r Commissioners to
recover $1000 alleged to be due on a policy
on the life of her deceased husband. V
In .her complaint she alleges that i the
Commissioners have discriminated against
her claim and :in favor of other persons
whose claims were not as clear and just as
hers.. She further, e&y* that ! the defend
ants are persona of great wealth and of
exalted standing in tbe community, and
that their open disregard of the fourteenth
article of the constitution of the United
States in refusing her equal justice with
other claimants is a public scandal.
As an instance of the alleged discrimi
nation against the plaintiff, the case of
R. P. Hammond Jr., whose claim of $1000
because of the death of R. P. Hammond
Sr. was allowed, is cited.
Because of this alleged discrimination,
Mrs. Stevens asks, in addition to tbe $1000
said to be due, to be awarded $1000 dam
ages and $500 counsel fees.
POOLMEN HOLD ON.
The Celebrated Case in Sausali to , Be
fore Recorder Fryor Results In
a Disagreement.
The continuation of the case involving
the poolsellers of Sausalito was resumed
last Monday night before' Recorder ; J. H.
Pryor. The defendant was J. M. McGee,
an employe of Corbett & Co., and the
prosecuting witness , was Marshal J. E.
Green, who stated that defendant had ac
cepted $1 for a ticket on a certain horse in
a certain race.
The defense mainly rested on the tech
nicality whether McGee, acting only as a
commissioner, was responsible or not.
The court instructed the jury that it was
immaterial whether McGee was the prin
cipal or agent. The prosecution was con
ducted by A. Sylva, the Town Attorney.
Thomas P. Boyd, City Attorney of San
Rafael, appeared for the defendant.
The jury, composed of George Tasbieia,
Captain William Barrowe, Commodore C.
H. Harrison, William N. Ketcham, Con
O'Neary, John Thomas, W. H. Harrold,
William Getchler, G. Stihl, John Mason,
William Ritchie and Peter Claudianos,
retired at 9 p. m., and at 2:30 a. m. yester
day stood six for acquittal aud six for con
viction.
So the poolrooms continue in full blast.
Rev. E. McClish. D.D., President-Elect of Pacific Coast Branch. C. L. S. G.
THE INDUSTRIAL FAIR,
The Judges Nominated and* to
Be Finally Chosen Next
Week.
A Meeting of Mechanics' Institute
Trustees at Which Progress
Was Made.
The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
held a semi-executive meeting last even
ing for the purpose of advancing the
progress of the twenty-ninth industrial
exposition of the institute, to be held in
the Mechanics' Pavilion from September 1
to October 3 next, and considerable
progress was made.
The principal business was the sug
gestion of names of men well known to be
competent to act as judges in the multi
farious departments of the exposition in
which awards are to be made to com
petitive exhibitors. A long list of names
were nominated by the members of tbe
board. The nominees will be immediately
seen and requested to act, and the result
will be reported to another meeting to be
held one week from last night.
Among the reports of committees it was
recommended ti.at the fish tanks be
repaired and completed at once; that the
glass be put in the windows at once where
needed, and that the Pavilion be well
cleaned and dusted.
It was decided to leave the competition
for designs for diplomas open for another
week. It was voted to engage thirty-eight
general employes of the exposition, about
the same number as the last exposition.
The art committee is considering the
putting in of new skylights for the art de
partment.
The indications are that the space on
the exposition floor will be well filled by
handsome displays of exhibitors.
A special feature of the exposition will
be a Roentgen ray department, where it
will be possible for the casual spectator in
the flesh to see his own skeleton.
P. J. Healey was elected to the position
of corresponding secretary.
BURNED TO DEATH.
A Little Girl Catches Fire While Play
ing; Around a Vacant Lot.
Lizzie Minehan, tbe three-year-old
daughter of Thomas Minehan, a milkman
living at 160 West Park street, died Mon
day n:ght of injuries received several
hours before. She had been playing in
a vacant lot adjoining the residence of her
parents, and it was thought that her cloth
ing caught fire from a pile of hot ashes
thrown there by Mrs. Bonn, a neighbor.
The little girl ran borne with the flames
streaming around her, and although the
tire was extinguished by her mother the
child died that night. Mr. Bonn is much
distressed over the report that she was in
directly tbe cause of the child's death, and
denies that she threw hot ashes in the lot
that day. Several hours before the acci
dent, she states, her daughter emptied a
pan of ashes there, but they were cold and
harmless. _
The Fair Case.
The attorneys for the executors of the will
of James G. Fair yesterday filed a notice to
Mrs. Craven and her legal advisers that on
Monday, August 3, they will apply for an or
der of court directing that certain papers be
brought Into court for inspection, and also
that Fair's attorneys may, if they wish, take a
copy of them.
The papers particularly desired are the mar
riage contract said to exist, and a certain let
ter dated December 16, 1894, said to have been
sent to Mrs. Craven by James G. Fair.
Efforts will also be made to have Mrs. Eliza
beth H&skins answer certain questions to
which sha ha* hitherto refused to reply.
DR. McCLISH
TO BE CHOSEN,
Will Be President of the
University of the
Pacific.
TRUSTEES ABOUT TO ACT
Result of Their Deliberations Is
Already Fully Fore
shadowed.
CALL OUT FOB AN ELECTION.
No Other Name Is Mentioned in Con
nection With the Candidacy for
the Position.
Unless Rev. Dr. Eli McClish Interposes
objection there is very little doubt that he
will be elected next week to the presidency
of the University of the Pacific by the
trustees of that institution. The notices
have been sent out by the secretary of the
Board of Trustees for a meeting to be held
in the Mills building at 10 a. m. Ausust 4,
and the special business mentioned in this
call is consideration of the selection of a
head for the university.
The name of Rev. Dr. McClish, it is set
forth in this call, will be presented. The
chairman of the Board of Trustees is I. J.
Truman. That gentleman says that Rev.
Dr. McClish will be elected in all probabil
ity. Rev. Dr. McClish's name has been
mentioned repeatedly in connection with
the position, and as no word of dissent has
been uttered the board expects to fill the
vacancy, which has existed for some
time.
Rev. Dr. McClish has been president
of an educational institution at Onarga,
111., and it was from Onarga, in fact, that
I he came to the pastorate of Grace M. E.
Church in this City about s : x years ago.
He served as pastor in San Franciso five
years and then was transferred to Napa.
j He entered the ministry in 1871, when he
was ordained by the Methodist conference
to preach, and he occupied Eastern pas
torates before he accepted the position at
Onarga. He is the president of the Qhau
tauqua assembly which meets at Mon
terey. In many directions he has achieved
prominence on the Pacific Coast and he is
considered to be entirely eligible to fill
the vacant presidency at College Park,
where the University of tbe Pacific is lo
'_; ■"' ~~ r 'NEW- TO.DAT; " ■".-;>
Ideal Blend costs more
than the other flavors of
Schilling's Best because it
is the product of a few
picked gardens.
Part of the extra price
of Ideal Blend is for rarity,
part for extra fineness of
flavor. The other flavors '
of Schillings Best grow in
larger gardens, and you
pay nothing for rarity.
Pound Half-pound
Japan, 50 c 25 c
English Breakfast, 60 c 30 c
Oolong, 75 c 40 c
. Ceylon, 80 c 40 c '
Ideal Blend, $1.25 65 c
Sold only in packages ;
your money back if you
don't like it.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco . ■ ffp |qB
T ITIIMIHII 1 ■„ uv lvm
iv ■ '' - ' . . •!•
i I *ri_ Midsummer ;. .
'" ; Holiday Number ■■' : -\
i| of THE CENTURY \
1 • will be issued
' ."•-■(■
] ! Saturday, Aug. Ist, • < '
' at o'clock, i
A ■'■■"'
1 !
I l
>^ ll>> "* l<li '* <% *TlTi'^'>'B'itn)'|>1 i <|) i >ioq i if/^i4\f§'
KZW TQ.PAT:
i! IT'S CURES
I THAT COUNT. |
, I Many so-called remedies are ' ,
1 c pressed on the public attention 1 1
I on account of their claimed \ '
! ) large sales. But sales cannot ' \
X determine values. Sales simply h
S argue good salesmen, shrewd- <j[
I 1 puffery, or enormous advertis- j ,
£ ing. It's cures that count. It J »
J i is cure* that are counted on by « [
ij> Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales j|
1 1 might be boasted. It has the \ I
5 world for its market. But ~i\
I ? sales prove nothing. We point j ,
< \ only to the record of Ayer's 1 1
\•) Sarsaparilla, as proof of its < |
I 1 merit : <j ,
! 50 YEARS
OF CURES. ;
cated. At present cc is out of the City,
being up by Mount Shasta enjoying his
vacation.
There has been no president at the uni
versity since the resignation of Rev. Dr.
Beard, wno went abroad with the inten
tion of making his resignation permanent.
Rev. M. S. Cross, the dean of the faculty,
has been at the head of affairs during th«
interim. Rev. Dr. Hirst was president of
the university for a term of years. Rev.
Dr. Isaac Crook has also occupied the
presidential chair. Very likely Rev. Dr.
McClish will nave a larger number of
students to look after than have his pre
decessors. The idea is entertaiued by
those concerned in the institution that
the final closing of the institution at
Napa, which will be sold, and the con
solidation of interests at College Grove,
will increase the attendance of the Uni
versity of the Pacific.
A George half-noble was recently sold
for £275, and a double sovereign of the
firs*, coinage for £115.
NEW TO-1* AY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & COS THEATERS.
.AT THE y CHARLES
BALDWIN FROHMM'S
EMPIRE THEATER CO.,
From the Empire Theater, New York,
THIS WEEK ONLY-MAT. SATURDAY,
Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
"BOHEMIA"
As Presented for Over 100 Nights at the .
fc.mpi.-e Theater.
Next Monday, Aug. 3— Another. Great Success,
"THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT,"
ByPlnero. Monday. Aug. 10, "The Masqueraders."
_. ATTHF I Farewell Week !
California last NIGHTS !
VrtUirvmiim Matinee Saturday.
L. R. Stockwell's Company of Players
Kedk. WARDF^ffill rnfjni
FREDK. Iliilll/£i .. . ROSE vVUtlLilil
An Elaborate Scenic Production— THE
"MERCHANT ' OF VENICE
Mr. Warde as Shylock Miss Coghlan as Portia
Monday, Aug. 3— CHAXJNCEY OLCOTT la
"MAVOURNEEX."
TtttCDLAnOtß.<K>rrU)D« £?• u»MA.nnnArufttß4-"-
TV HEN ~T~ MAKES UP
A .WOMAN j HER MIND .
That She wants to bee
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Nothing Can Prevent Her. '
. That is Why 1000 Nightly Come to See
THE HIGHEST BIDDER-—
Monday Next— "A Gold Mine."
And First Appearance of WlI/roN LACKAYE
and LUUIMi;: THOKNDYKK-BOUCICAULT.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Maa. i.B^ itsiiNt jikklixh Proprietor •& M.ma*z*S
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gi-stav Hixbicbds.
THIS EVENING
Also Friday and Sunday,
' TO-MORROW EVENING * '
Also Saturday Evening,
"F.A.TJST !"
Great Casts!
Correct Costumes! Beautiful Scenery I
Next Week —"PAGLIACCI.-
Pn->-il— p-1— "»-25o:ani ST-..
MOROSCO'3
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WAi.Ti.lt 11UKO3CU. Sola Lessee ana Mauatcae
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Limited star Engagement of the Romantic Actor,
— — JAMES M. BROPHY
"Our California Boy,"
' .. In the Title Hole of Gunter's Great Drama,
••MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK 1"
- The Attraction of the season.
Evening Prices— 2sc and 50c. '•
■ Family 1 ircl- and Gallery. 10c
Usual .<iatinee-« Saturday and Sunday.
O'Farrell street, lie ween Stockton and PowelL
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday). July 19,
Parquet, any sent, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c
. ■ Children, lOc, any part." ■
. SEETHE KhW SENSATION {..'■"•
H. KB TECHOVV .
And His Marvelous Performing Cats.
LVDIA YKAMANS-AITUS,
- Assisted by FRED J. TITUS. '
, BIOS I>l in New Sketches.
I.AST WEEK of the MASONS.
A Great Vaudeville Company.
THE CHUTES,
O-A-SIOSTO!
And Greatest Scenic Bail way on Earth!
EV>BY AFTKIiNOON AND EVENING.
- Take Advantage of the Weekdays and See
"JOE !"
The Only Living Exponent ' of the Darwinian
Theory in America. -
A Wonderful Bill of Novelties-^— —
And Positively Las "Week of
THE JIARLO-DUNUAJI FAMILY.
ADM«S^IO> It; CENTS.
Children, Including ; Merry-Go- Kound, 5 cents.
FAMILY EXCURSION
SANTA CRUZ aTfiSt
'. Personalty conducted by \VM. H. MENTON,
" ' : Excursion Passenger Agent. .
SUNDAY, AUGUST 2, 1896.
NO CROWDING! SEATS FOR ALL!
<tfes=> the 4fe J3
«Tl_J4___l BOUND igh IJi C ■
"l~ • TRIP II
Take the 7:45 a. m. boat from' ferry landing
(narrow gauge), San Francisco.; foot ■of Market
street. < For further information : apply at Grand
Hotel Ticket Office.
RICHARD GRAY, . T.H.GOODMAN,
, G. T.M. .: . : . -Q.P. A.
w , <& , broouds
. Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. m.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening,
. General Admission— Adults 10c, Children sc.
78
A PUBLIC CHASTISEMENT,
The Solid Seven of the
Supervisors Arraigned
by the People.
INDIGNANT CITIZENS CROWD
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Prominent Speakers Tell How the
Men Elected to Serve Have
Betrayed the City.
FOUR OF THEM ARE COMMENDED FOR
REMAINING TRUE.
The Grand Jury Receives Praise for Having
Accused the Men, and the Vast
Audience Applauds.
Charles E. Benja-'
mill.
Chris Dunker.
Edward C. Hughes The Seven
.Toe Kinj.
Alfred W. Morgen- Supervisors.
Rtern.
Kdward I> Wagner.
Peter A. Scully.
The solid seven of the Board of Super
visors, wherever they may have been at
the time, must have spent an exceedingly
uncomfortable two hours and a half last
pirht beginning at 8 o'clock.
Metropolitan Temple, thronged with
people, was kept echoing all that time
with bitter denunciation of tneir betrayal
of the public trust, and the more bitter
and direct and scathing the arraignment
the louder and longer the applause that
preeted it.
It was a notable occasion— with few
parallels in the history of the City. It was
a demonstration of how entirely the people
of San Francisco are aroused to the atti
tude of the members of the majority of the
Supervisors toward the people's interests.
Did a speaker hesitate to use the most
• direct terms in speaking of the accused
men the impatience of the audience be
came at once manifest by interjection of
c language that coula not be misunderstood.
Not a voice was raised or a word spoken
in behalf of the plunderers of the people.
Immense bonfires burned all the even
ing on Sixth street, at Market and at
Mission streets, and the throng of peopie
who hied up the stairs of tde Temple was
such as to occupy every nicbe in the big
hall and to overflow back again for very
Jack of room. It was a big, notable
remonstrance that was full of deep mean
ing.
On the stage were seated a great number
of the leading men of the City — solid busi
ness and professional men, who haye her
best interests at heart.
Tbe presiding officer was I. J. Truman.
It was expected that Mayor Sutro would
, hold this place, but in a letter of strong
sympathy with the spirit of the meeting,
he pointed out that his official position as
president of the board would make it un
becoming in him.
Mr. Truman in opening the proceedings,
said:
"Ladies and Gsntlemen and Fellow
citizens: You are called together at the
request of numerous taxpayers of this
great City by the Civic Federation, an
organization incorporated to promote and
. recommend what is good and to denounce
what is bad and infamous. The majority
of the present Board of Supervisors will be
presented to you to-night as having delib
erately, and we believe corruptly, be
trayed the interests of the taxpayers to
corporations. The names of the seven
should De forever on your blacklist if
they bob up for your votes in future.
"Joe King seems to be the most respecta
ble of the whole crowd. His chief recom
mendation is that he is the patromzer of
lat hunts, which could not begin till Joe's
dog arrived with 'Joe' bringing up. the
rear of the procession. I presume Peter
A. Scully, Charles E. Benjamin, Edward
C. Hughes, little Chris Dunker, A. W.
Morgenstern and E. L. Wagner came after
Joe and the dog. The City and taxpayers
are safe while Joe is rat hunting.
"Why do you elect such men ? Perhaps
for the same reason as Tom Fowler, Sena
tor from Tulare, told a committee in Sac
ramento a few years ago. The Supervisors
of that county had a bridge built by con
tract. Tne floods came and swept it away,
and Tom was trying to get an appropria
tion from the State, and some Senator
asked him why the Supervisors did not
bind the contractor to guarantee the
bridge to stand ordinary freshets. Tom's
reply was: 'Well, in Chulare when a man
is fit for nothing else they make a Chuper
visor of him.'
" I am one not of those who believe all
corporations are corrupt. They are human,
and when you elect Slippery Joes for Su
pervisors, corporations soon find that the
only way to protect themselves is to reach
their consciences through their ever-ex
tended and itching palm, and like Jim
Fisk sad in regard to his father's truth
fulness, 'Father won't tell a lie for 10
cents, but he will tell a dozen for a dollar,'
and some of this crowd is said to have
taken a squealing pig for a business favor.
"These Supervisors are accused of reduc
ing prominent corporation assessments,
which were assessed by Siebe at one- fonrth
their cash value, and these seven reduced
t'em over |2,000,000. If you owti a house
and lot which you could sell in the market
for $2000, would it be assessed for $500 and
reduced by the Supervisors to $300? No;
it would be assessed at $1500, and you
could not get a nickel off, and Joe would
not look at you.
"The Grand Jury has indicted King
and his etiums, and if District Attorney
W. S. Barnes prosecutes them, as 1 roink
be will, the citizens of San Francisco will j
*»«t be troubled with the echo of King ask- j
ing 'What are you going to do abont it?'
Tweed died in prison, the just reward of
his infamies, and the solid seven may yet
realize that there is a God in heaven, and
that they cannot outrage by their pres-
I. J. TRUMAN CALLING THE GREAT MASS-MEETING AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE TO ORDER.
ence this patient, lonß-suffering com
munity.
"The precious eight, for this includes
Hirscb, has concluded that they do not
need' the advice of their financial com
mittee in fixing the next apportionment
for the tax levy. Imagine such a precious
set of Supervisors ignoring such a man as
Colonel Taylor — who has made tbe finances
of tbe City bis study for the past two
years, perhaps delegating the expendi
ture of millions to Joe King and the
precious seveu— l hope they will add
Joe's dog to tbe outfit.
"You by your presence ask these men
to be decent. You denounce the apparent
barefaced corruption.
"We have asked a number of gentlemen
to address you and the speakers will be
limited to ten minutes."
C. B. Perkins was asked to serve as sec
retary. He read the list of vice-presidents
as follows:
George K. Fitch Rev. J. C. Smith
Hugh Craig M. a Woodhama
J. D. Pbelan j. l. Case
Frank J. Sullivan C. O. Burton
Stewart Mcnsdea H. L. Davis
C. B. Perkins T. H. Hatcn
Wallace Bradford J. C. Jordan
Rev. B. R. Dlllft Charles J. King
Rev. Thomas Filben Bey. W, Rader
Rev. H. N. Bevier Dr. JL. R. Rtgdon
Mark Straus Adrian R. Smith
W. A. S. Nicholson Samuel C. Hammond
W. M. cubery a. a Hallidle
J. B. Robinson w. 11. Davis
Henry N. C.ement Alphonse Hirsch
A. i\ V»u Duzer David Baunderson
\V. F. Harris David Rich
A. B. sprockets o. D. Baldwin
J. R. C. Hobbs Dr. C. D. Salfleld
Joseph I. Diraond i'.icv Beamish
J. W. Whiting R. D. Cranston
Georxe Fletcher, Bnp't Dr. J. A. Kottanzl
Odd Fellows' Cemetery C. 8. Holmes
F. W. M. Langa ( harlen H. Hubbs
Eugene Fritz George L. Cenur
Judge Van iteynegom John H. (irady
F. W. M. JUange Jr John D. Daly
A. B. Mc(.ulre Frank Maskey
T- & Williams Frank P. McLennon
i . M. Shortridge Alpheus Bull Jr
E. E. Chever n oconnor
John F. Cllne J. J. o'Farrell
Louis Feldman T. F. Payne
V. L. Haakell a. F. Piice
H. H. Heucke o. H. Imogen
George T. Uaden Itichard Lambert
John D. Stange Dr J. T. McDonald
John Lander* Hon. Ralph E. Hoyt
C. 8. Laumelster Mark Sh«ldon
Edward M alley Jeremiah Lynch
Ja, ob Martenstein It. H. I'eaa-t'
Barclay Henley s. j. Hendy
James Den man Joseph Britton
William Clnff David Farquharson
Henry L. Dodge j. j. O'Brien
V>, S: McAft>e Joseph Fredericks
Webster Jones T. j. Bass
David Kerr v. P. Cole
Charles M. Yatea I. t. Million
Charles Bonntag W. K. lisher
K. I). Chandler j William Abbott
Letters and talecrams of sympathy were
read from several who were unable to be
present. Among them was one from
James D. Phelan, in which be regretted
his absence from tbe City and character
ized tbe action of the Supervisors as a
gross injustice to all other taxpayers.
In reading the letter from Colonel Tay
lor Mr. Perkins referred to him as "tbat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JTJLY L»9, 1896.
grand old man and honest Supervisor."
His letter is as follows :
Office C L. Tatlor, )
428 California Street, City. >
San Fraxcisco, July 28, 1896.1
I. J. Truman, President Oivic Federation, City—
Dear Bir: In answer to your invitation to
speak at the mass-meeting this evening I re
gret that previous engagements at the City
Hall, to attend to business of finance in con
nection with the tax levy, will prevent my
presence at your meeting.
It would afford me great pleasure to assist
you in any manner to work a reformation in
the municipal affairs of the City, but so far,
whether right or wrong, my efforts have been
futile, generally finding myself in a hopeless
minority.
Considering my position, it would not be
come me to express any opinion as to the mo
tives of my colleagues, but the iast effort of
the combine, including Supervisor Alphonse |
Hirsch, enacted at y esterday's meeting of the j
board, to take the business of estimating the
tax levy out of the hands of the Finance Com
mittee, is not only an insult to the committee,
but is an indication of what the people may
expect In the way of taxes.
Hoping that your efforts in behalf of the in
terest of the City will accomplish much for
good, I remain, most respectJuily yours.
C. L. Taylor.
Mayor Sutro wrote as follows:
San Francisco, Cal., July 28, 1896.
To the Mast-meeting, Mctropolit an, Temp «,
San Francisco— Fully appeciating and thank
ing you for the honor of being invited to pre
side at to-nignt's meeting, careful considera
tion has brought me to the conclusion that,
as Mayor of the City of San Francisco, there
would be impropriety in my acting as chair- j
man of a meeting of citizens for the purpose of |
discussing criminal charges against member*
of the Board of Supervisors over which, by
virtue of my office, I have to preside.
Those guilty of a crime should be held to
strict account, but the fact must not be over
looked that the briber is a greater criminal
than the bribed. You should al«o condemn in
scathing terms and Dring to justice those cor
porations by whose corrupt use of money
nearly every branch of the Government has
been infected. Respectfully yours,
Adolph Sctro.
A letter was read as coming from a
citizen as follows:
Gentlemen: How Is it you do not include the
solid seven's broker in your tirade? He should
be included, as most of their dirty work has
been done through his office. Very respect
fully yours, A Citizen.
July 28, 1898.
"These men are not approached openly,"
said Mr. Parkins. "They work througn
an agent or broker, a well-known lawyer,
and through him all their peculiar busi
ness is done."
"For fear you may overlook the fact that
the members of the Board of Supervisors
are not all of a kind, that there are honest
men among them." said Mr. Truman.
"I will recall to you the fact that there
are four of them who may be found al
ways voting for those measures designed
for the betterment of the City.
"The honest Supervisors are:
" CharlcH L,. Taylor.
" Joseph I. Diniond.
" Adolph B. Npreckels.
"John K. C. Hobbs.
"You will find these four always on tbe
right side, voting for good measures, vot
ing steadily against the bad."
rienry E. Highton was introduced as
the first speaker and was greeted with
great applause. He covered the short
comings of the Solid Seven in a short and
direct address that repeatedly elicited
applause. "How many of yv>u pay taxes
or an assessment of one-fifth of the value
of your property ?" he said.
"Not one. [Applause.] And yet tbat is
what the great corporations are assessed.
It it a palpable and outrageous injustice
to oiher taxpayers. To favor corporations
in this manner is a violation of the funda
mental principles of our Government.
The remedy is in your hands, my fellow-
I. J. TRUMAN.
citizen*. Through the primaries and nom
inating conventions you bave tbe power
to repudiate the men who betiay trusts
and to place in office honest men. Let the
next election serve as an opportunity to j
choose men who will stand tbe closest
scrutiny and who will be above suspicion."
W. M. Abbott, a young man, an attor
ney, was next introduced.
He said that there were several reasons
why the solid seven Supervisors should be
driven from the high po ition which they
hold. Either the solid seven "put a job
ud on" the people when they fixed the
water rates last February, or else they are
stealing from the people now. The As
sessor's figures in the first place are too
small, he said. The reduction made by
the Supervisors was outrageous. If this
was the days of the vigilantes something
would hove have happened to these men
long ago. [Applause.]
Charles M. Shortridge, editor of the San
Francisco Call, was then introduced and
spoke as follows:
"Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the
jury [laughter] and ladies of the jury also:
I believe that it is proper for me to say to
you that this reminds me of the meeting
we had here some weeks ago to beat the
funding bill. I call uoon those present on
tbat occasion to remember that I had the
pleasure of saying to them tnat evening
that the nerve of Mr. Huntington is all
right, and I come to you here to-night to
say that he has lost nothing of that quality,
and to say that his servants — not yours—
have still something toproht by by stand
ing in with him, and their nerve, too, is
all right.
"l was not expecting to make a speech
here. I believe it was Samuel Shortridge,
my brother— known as a spellbinder-
Sam it was who was expected to be here,
but he has been called to the southern
counties on business. So I had to come
here wholly unprepared, as I have my
speech here written out in my pocket
(taking some memoranda from his over
coat pocket), prepared without malice aud
without prejudice.
"I staud here to arraign these servants of
yours and of mine, gentlemen of the jury,
and I want them convicted. I am for the
prosecution, you notice. I have not made
many arguments in court nor speeches to
a jury, but have been called to-night to
take the place of that brother of mine
and will do the best I can.
"I would like to taice up the case of the
Spring Valley Water Company and see
what the figures tell. The assessed value
of its personal property is $1,049,265;
franchise, $2,500,000; real estate, $1,270,970.
The Supervisors deducted $1,000,000 fro"m
its franchise, leaving a total of $3,820,235.
Now here we have the value of the prop
erty of the company according to the
sworn statement of the company before
the Board of Supervisors in February,
1896, when the water rates were fixed.
_^^^^ . ' YEW to-pat: J
"" .■■■.:: ..■■■■ Back
jg|L School
fi^S® MONDAY NEXTT™ 8 ™"""
I WSr FEW DAYS LEFT! .
3P ■ Dont let your boys go back to their com-
(i^S^^^ panions shabby.
I . " flr "2 fir
llir'if Knee Pants Suits Long Pants Suite \p3
V jy» „ „ Unbeard-of tf| Q I P
*^"^ gBT For this week t 7 and * 8 Baits BH WW
$1.95. 15.25. Wffi
OUR NEW DEPARTMENT! M
I Our new department for Boys' and limH «A
Children's Clothing, right off the new Ellis- p IJB
street entrance, ground floor, full daylight, ld W^mW
remarkable stock, is- pronounced a WON- \ ~ -'-'8r
DER by the ladies, and well it may be.
School Suits without limit.
H. SUMMERFIELD & CO.,
I 924-930 MARKET STREET.
This placed it at $21,650,000, as against the
$3,820,000 for which it has this year been
assessed.
"Now, talk about nerre, gentlemen of
the jury. [Laughter.] The dividends of the
company for this year amounted to $711,
--000. This is more than 7 per cent per
annum on $10,000,000. You see it makes
all the difference whether the company
wants to assess the people for water or
whether it is trying to escape assessment
itself In the one case its valuation is
$21,650,000. In the other it is $3,820,000.
And at tbat the Supervisors cut the figure
down.
"The assessment of the San Fancisco
Gaslight Company was $422,429 on per
sonal property, $1,883,170 on franchise,
$1,455,180 on real estate. This was re
duced by the Supervisors to a total of $2,
--687,609. The capital stock of the com
pany is $10,000,000, and its actual market
value is $9,000,000,
"Now, here is this great Market-street
Railway Company, which could afford to
be and ougnt to be honest. The highest
ambition in my life, and I believe your
sentiments if you were rich in millions
would be the same, would be to be honest
with the people in the little matter of
taxes. I am speaking, gentlemen of the
jury, to secure the conviction of these un
worthy rascals. The Market-street Rail
way Company's assessment is as follows:
Personal property $1,932,885, franchises
$2,500,000. real estate $1,118,340. A deduc
tion of $500,000 on the franchise was made
by the Supervisors, leaving their aggregate
assessment at $5,1*51,225. Its capital stock
comprises 187,500 shares, worth $41 sOeach
in the market. The value of its property
as developed in the Siebe case is between
$12,000,000 and $18.,000,000.
"Now, centlemen, without attempting
any of those rpellbuiding arguments such
as George A. Knight, General Barnes and
Sam Shortridge indulge in, I want to call
your attention to the fact tbat I published
these same centlemen, as The Call and
its distinguished contemporary, the Ex
aminer, is now doing, and called upon tne
people to repudiate them over a year ago.
And to-night I know them Mid you know
them. They are a miserable set of rascals.
[Shouts of 'Good boy' from the audience.]
That is a regular spellbinder. Instead of
representing you they organised a little
pool of their own for the purpose of doing
your business and selling you out. But
they never divided. They are of that pe
culiar kind of agents who make collections
and return nothing.
"They remind me of a lawyer to whom
i a client sent a bill of $450 for collection.
raw to-dat:
; WEDNESDAY, July 39, 1896! ;
Lace
Graces
the "special" counter
to-day; 75c Lace for 29c.
If: you read these little
talks every day we can get
better acquainted. We want
to interest you — perhaps to-
morrow's talk will if to-day's
doesn't. Right here — Bth
page — every day.
For To-day (Wednesday) ONLY:
Plaven .Point. de Venise Lace. 6 and 7 inches
wide, pearl edge, In ecru only, 29c.
Dress Silks for to-morrow.
Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman,
107-109 Post, nr. Kearny.
1220-1224 Market st. .
PRICES
LOWER
THAN EVER.
JOE POHKIM, THE TAILOR, —
MAKES THE BEST-FITTING CLOTHES IN
the State at 26 per cent less than any other
tailor. .
Pants to Order. . Suits to Order.
$3.50. JS- $1000.
$4.50. M & $13.50.
$5.00. [ W $1500.
SB. o€. "jwW $17-50.
$7.00. /II $2000.
$B.oo._J|J[ $25.00.
And upwards.
SOl and 203 Montgomery st., cor. Bush.
724, 84 4 and 846 Market st.
1110 and 1113 Market, San Francisco.
485 Fourteenth St., Oakland, Cal. .
603 and 605 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
143 S. Spring st., Los Angeles.
JOE POHEIM, THE TAILOR.
OFFICE OF THE
Registrar of Voters
— OF THE
City and County of an Francisco.
NOTICE 18 HEREBY GIVES- THAT THE
Boards of Precinct Begistratioo for the General
Election, to be held on TI'KSDAY, the| 3d day of
November, A. D., 1896. will meet in their re- I
speciive precincts for the Registration of Voters ;
aid for such other purposes as are prescribed by
law on WKDNKSOAY. August 6, 1896. from 9
o'clock a. m. until 10 o'clock p. x. dally, for five
(6) days, until and Including MONDAY, August'
10, 1896, on which day all registration doses.
All electors who have not been registered for
said General Election are hereby invited to pre-
sent themselves for registration. ■■■■ ■ -• ■
The Boards of Precinct Registration will sit as
above for the purpose of registering all legal and
qualified voters residing in their precincts who
have not registered at the office. of the Registrar of
Voters since May 27. 18:98. ■
Any person who has not .registered since May
27, 1896. and fails to register at the Board of Pre-
cinct i. ration of the precinct in which he re-
sides will :be ■ debarred -. the privilege of voting at
such election.
In accordance with Section 21 of the "Act to
Regulate Registration of Voters," etc., the follow-
ing places have been secured for the sessions Of
the Boards of Precinct AegUtratloa.
REGISTRATION PLACES.
ELECTION MEMBER 8, 1896.
Twenty-Eighth Assembly District.
First Precinct— Mission.
Second Precinct— l 7 Howard.
Third Precinct— 4ol Harrison.
Fourth Precinct— 4ls Foleom.
Fifth Precinct— 229 Second,
Sixth Precinct— M)3 Howard.
Seventh Precinct— s22 Howard.
Eighth Precinct— l 42 First.
Ninth Precinct— Wi First.
Tenth Precinct— 62B Mission.
Eleventh Precinct— lo2 Jessie.
Twelfth Precinct— -'a Stanley place.
Thirteenth Precinct— 66B Howard. '
. Fourteenth Precinct— 629 Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 66s Howard.
Sixteenth Precinct— Verona.
Seventeenth Precinct— 43l Third.
Twenty-Ninth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 36B Jessie. . .
Second Precinct— 2ls Stevenson.
Third Precinct- 850 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— lol% Fifth.
Fifth Precinct— 7sS Mission.
bixth Precinct— 222Vi Natotna.
Seventh Precinct— 726^ Howard.
Klghth Precinct— Bsl Minna. :
Ninth Precinct— 3oBL 2 Tehama,
Tenth Precinct— 3lB Fouitb.
Eleventh Precinct— 6 folsom.
Twelfth Precinct— 323 Flf;h. ...
Thirteenth Precinct— l44>A Clara,
' Fourteenth Precinct— 7B3 Folsom.
■ Fifteenth Precinct— 48 Bitch. . - -
Sixteenth Precinct— Fourth.
Seventeenth Precinct— lo4 Perry.
Eighteenth Precinct— 42l Fourth.
. Nineteenth Precinct— s62 Bryant.
Thirtieth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 46B Stevenson.
Second Precinct— 2s^ Sixth.
Third Precinct— oo2 jessle. >-
Fourth Precinct— 939% Mission,
/ Fifth Precinct— 6oB Minna.
Sixth Precinct— ll9 Sixth. ■
Seventh Precinct— 96O Howard.
• Eighth Precinct— Fifth.
• Ninth Precinct— 224% Fifth.
- - Tenth Precinct— loo 7 Howard. • -,
Eleventh Precinct— 239 Seventh.
Twelfth Precinct— 9B9 t-'olsom. „ "
Thirteenth Precinct— 336 sixth.* -
■Fourteenth Precinct— 43l^ Hxtn.
Fifteenth Precluct— 923% Harrison,
Sixteenth Precinct— 4lo Sixth.
' seventeenth Precinct— loB2 Howard.
Thirty-First Assembly District.
- First Precinct— B Eighth.
. Second Precinct— 23 Ninth. ■•
Third Preclnot— ll47 Mission.
I Fonrth Precinct— Eighth.
Fifth Precinct— ll46 Howard.
Sixth Precinct— lBo6 Mission.
gj beventb Pieclnct— ls3 Eleventh.
Eighth Precinct— Tenth. .
Ninth Precinct— lo4 Kighth. ■ . •
'. I Tenth Precinct— 247 Eighth. .
Eleventh Precinot— 1108 Howard.
; Twelfth Precinct — 1120 Harrison.
Thirteenth Precinct— ll39 Kolsom.
Fourteenth Precinct— l3ss Folsom.
. Fifteenth Precinct— Ninth. :v
Sixteenth Precinct— lB2B Harrison.
Seventeenth Precinct— l 439 Harrison.
Thirty-Second Assembly District.
First Precinct— Brannan. '- '
second Precinct— sll Third.
 Tnlrd Precinct— 7lB Third. *
Fourth Precinct— 6l6 Fourth-
• Fifth Precinct— s24 Third, .
' Sixth Precinct— V2si^ Fourth.
Seventh Precinct— 64o Brannan. .
t.lgtuh Precinct— «ixth :
Ninth Precinct— loso Kentucky. ,
•/Tenth Preclnct-1924 Bryant,
; Eleventh Precinct-707 Brannan.
l!Rl flh Preclnct-742 Brannan
Thirteenth Precinct— 9s3 Bryant. -
fourteenth Precinct— l6l4 Twentieth (Napa).
- Thirty-Third Assembly District.
First Precinct— 29oo Twenty-flrst.
Second Preclnct-3026 Twenty-second.
Thlttl Precinci-314-J 1 wenty-founb.
Fourth Precinct- 1-336 Alabama.
■ *■"■" '-''■ - to-pat: V
- Fifth Precinct— 2Bs/ Twenty-fourth. .
Sixth Precinct— ltO6 Florida.
Seventh Pr«cinct^-2505 Bryant avenut.
Klghth Precinct-270^ Tweniy-founh.
Ninth Precinct— 2B2l Humboldt. -^
Tenth Precinct— Corner 24ih and Potrtro aye.
Eleventh Precinct— N.'AV. cor. 22d and Tennes-
"Twelfth Precinct— 92l Illinois. "
Twelfth Precioct— 92l Illinois.
Thirteenth Precinct-602 Railroad avenue
Fourteenth Precinct-1659 Fifteenth avenue,
Fifteenth Precinct— Kailroad and 14th are*
Thirty-Fourth Assembly District.
- First Precinct-1517 Howard,
second Precinct— 1533 Mission.
Third Precinct— 46 Twelfth. .
Fourth Precinct— lll Valencia,
Fifth Precinct— l 639 Mission.
Sixth, Preclnct-1731 Mission.
Seventh Precinct— l6o9 Kolsom.
Eighth Precinct— llB Fourteenth,
Ninth Preclnct-1805 Mission.
Tenth Precinct— 23s Vaencia.
Eleventh Precinct— 442 Valencia.
Twelfth Precinct— 64B Valencia.
. Thirteenth Precinct— s67 Valencia.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2los Mission.
Fifteenth Frecinct- 1469 Fifteenth. and Fclsom.
Mxt««nth Precinct— N'W. cor. 18th and Folsom.
Seventeenth Precinct— 223s Mission.
Eighteenth Prectnc-825 Valencia.
Nineieenth Piecinci— BoB Valencia. ,
Twentieth Precinct— 934 Valencia.
Twenty-first Preclndt— 232s .Mis.ion.
Thirty-Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— Corner of Clipper and Church. .
Second Precinct— SJ64s Twenty-third.
Third Precinct— Corner Valencia and Twenty-
third. _
Fourth Precinct— 32l7 Twenty-first. .._;-
Fif.h Precinct— W. corner Mission and 24th.
Sixth Precinct— 262s Mission. .
Seventh Precinci-3281 Twenty-fourth.
Eighth Precinct— l4o6 Valencia. '
Ninth Precinct— : between San Jose
avenue and Mission. _. D — l.»
Tenth Precinct— Alabama, between rweiia
avenue and Momcalm. '. .
Eleventh Precinct— 3l2l Mission. ' .
Twelfth Precinct— 32Bl Mission.
Thirteenth Precinct— 46 Blchland aveune.
Fourteenth Precinct— LlquriHa:l.
. Thirty-Sixth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 23l6 Fifteenth.
Second Precinct— 2slB% Market
Third Precluct— 222 Church.'
Fourth Precinct— 3439 Sixteenth.
Fifth Precinct— 3796 Eighteenth.
Sixth Precinct— 4151 Eighteenth.
Seventh Precinct— 4llo Eighteenth.
Eighth Precinct— 4081 Nineteenth.
>'ln;li Precinct— 93o Sanchez.
Tenth I > rec!nct— 36l9 Eighteenth.
Eleventh Precinct— Corner Twenty-fourth sad
Vlcksburg. njmuwttwya ■
Twelfth Precinct— 4los Twenty-fourth.
Thirteenth ; Precinct— SW. cor. Day and B»n-
-chfz.
Foarteenth Precinct— 22s Twenty-eighth.
Fifteenth Precinct— l 43-1 Dolores.
sixteenth Precinct— Bslo Mission. -
Seventeenth Precinct— 43o6 Twenty-first. ?Sf&|
Eighteenth Precinct— Bo4 Douglass. ' ■
Nineteenth Precinct— San Jose and Ocean
avenues. -'■■■'■■>• * a "
Twentieth Precinct— Corner Sagamore and Ban,
Jose aye. .
Thirty-Seventh Assembly District.
First Precinct— 339 Hayes.
second Precinct— 9 Oak. • •
Third Precinct— l4B Page.
Fourth Precinct— l 7 Franklin.
Fifth Precinct-435 Hayes.
sixth Precinct— 6oo Hayes.
Seventh Precinct— slB Va I^aguna. '
Eighth Precinct— 26l < ctavla.
.Ninth Precinct— ls*sl Market. .■ .- . • .
Tenth Precinct— 6l4 Herman.
Eleventh Precinct— 4s6 Haight.
Twelfth Precinct— 73B Hayes.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 Fillmore. .
Fourteenth Precinct— 627 Haight. ■■-■.•
Fifteenth Precinct— (Booth), corner Haisht and
Scott.
Sixteenth Precinct— 93o Oa«.
Seventeenth Preclnqfe-1216 Oak.
. Eighteenth Precinct— 2o9 Scott.
.Nineteenth Precinct— 3oo Baker.
Twentieth Precinct— l 733 Oak.
Twenty-flrst Precinct— l7oo Page.
Thirty-Eighth Assembly Distil**
Firs: Preclnot— 9l3 Ellis.
Second Precinct— 6o7 FranKlln. l*sgi
Third Precinct— 6l3 McAllister.
. Fourth Precinct— so 4 Urove.
Fifth Prtcinct— McAllister. :
Sixth Precinct— l2oo Eddy. . .
Seventh Precinct— ls29 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— l 342 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— llos Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct — 811 Buchanan. ■
Eleventh Precinct— B2l Webster.
Twelfth Precinct— llos Fillmore.
Thirteenth Precinct— l77l EUls.
. Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Devisadero. ■
Fifteenth Preciuct— l6l3 Turk.
Sixteenth Precinct— l43o Fulton.
Seventeenth Precinct— l6o2 Grove.
Eighteenth Prt dnct— .McAllister.
Thirty-Ninth Assembly District. '?
First Precinct— l 26 Hayes. .-
Second Precinct— 2l7 Polk.
•Third Precinct— 36 Urove. - --. ■ /•" ••■ '■--
Fourth Precinct— 333 Golden Gats avenue. .
Fifth Precinct— Blo Golden Gale avenue.
Sixth Precinct — 829 Eddy. ......
Seventh Precinct— 3l9 Leavenworth. °
Eighth Precinct— Larkin. ••'. „* ■
Ninth Precinct— 4o2 McAllister.
Tenth Precinct— 6o9 Larkin.
Eleventh Precinct— 813 Larkin.
Twelfth Precinct— BB7 Geary. V -.:;
Thirteenth Precinct— 42l Jones.
Fourteenth Precinct— 6ll^ Jones. °
Fifteenth PreciDCt— slB Hyde. . °
Sixteenth Precinct— lo3o Butter.
Seventeenth Precinct— loos Post.
Eighteenth Precinct— l 224 Polk.
Nineteenth Precinct— l62l California,
Twentieth Precinct— l3l7 Pine.
Fortieth Assembly District*
First Precinct— lB2*Bl Pine.
Second Precinct— 3lB Fern avenue. -
Third Precinct— l 623 Post.
Fourth Precinct— l6o3 Lag-ana.
Fifth Precinct— lBl4 Laguna. . •
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine. '
" Seventh Precinct— 2loB Fillmore. .
Eighth Precinct— Fillmore. .
Ninth Precinct— lsl7 Buchanan. ■
Tenth Precinct— lBo2 Geary.
Eleventh Precinct— 26o9 Bush.
Twelfth Precinct— 26o9 Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct— 292s California.
Fourteenth Precinct— l4oo .Devisadero.
■ Fifteenth Precinct— Sutler.
Sixteenth Precinct— 29o3 Pine.
Seventeenth Precinct— l42B Central avenue.
Eighteenth Precinct— Bo9 Point Lobos avenue.
Ntnteenth. Precinct— l3l3 Point Lobos avenue.
Twentieth Precinct— 36o Ninth avenue.
Forty- First Assembly District.
First Precinct— l4l3 Jackson.
Second Precinct— l7o2 Hyde.
Third Precinct— Hyde.
Fourth Precinct— 26ol% Hyde. ". *
Fifth Precinct— 2lo3 Larkin.
Sixth Precinct— l 926 Polk.
Seventh Precinct— l7oB Polk.
Eighth Precinct— l9 lB Pacific. ... . llsiS
Ninth Precinct— 23os Jackson.
Tenth Precinct— lBl3 Valle]o.
Eleventh Precinct— 293o Octavla.
Twelfth Precinct— 3lo3 FiUmore. ■
Thirteenth Precinct— l9lB Union.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2slo Stelner. -
- Fifteenth Precinct— 2600VJ Sacramento.
Sixteenth Precinct— 2926 Washington.
Seventeenth Precinct— 3399 Sacramento.
Eighteenth Precinct— 2733 Greenwich.
Nineteenth Precinct— 362o Sacramento.
Forty-Second Assembly District*
First Precinct— l 4 Golden Gate avenue.
Second Precinct — 230 Taylor.
Third Precinct— 224 Ellis.
Fonrth Precinct— l 37 Tavlor. .
Fifth Precinct— Geary.
Sixth Precinct— 6l2 Post.
Seventh Precinct— 627 Geary.
Eighth Precinct— loo 6 Bush.
Ninth Precinct— Bo9 Bush.
Tenth Precinct— ll3s Clay. -•
Eleventh Precinct— llo4 Clay.
Twelfth Precinct— l3l7 Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3ll California.
Fourteenth Precinct— l 426 Washington.
Fifteenth Precinct— l 334 Pacific.
Sixteenth Precinct— ll4l Pacific.
Forty-Third Assembly District.
First Precinct— lo7 Ellis.
Second Precinct— ll7 Powell.
Third Precinct— Mason.
Fourth Precinct— l 43 Geary.
Fifth Precinct— 22 Stockton place.
Sixth Precinct— 4l3 Powell.
seventh Precinct— so 6 Bush.
Eighth Precinct— 62o Bnsh.
Ninth Precinct— 6os Pine.
Tenth Precinct— 3Bs Kearny. .
Eleventh Precinct— B22 California. .
Twelfth Precinct— 93o Washington.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo23 Clay.
Fourteenth Precinct— l3lo Mason.
Fifteenth Precinct— l22B Stockton.
Sixteenth Precinct— 229V& Montgomery aven is.
Forty-Fourth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 6o6 Broadway.
Second Precinct— 6l2 Broadway.
Third Precinct— ls2l Mason. -
Fourth Precinct— lsl2 Dupont.
. Fifth Precinct— soB Filbert.
Sixth Precinct— 6o Bar.
Seventh Precinct— aiC6 Mason.'-
-: Eighth Precinct— 23-10 Mason.
Ninth Precinct— 73O Montgomery avenue.
•■■ Tenth Precinct— lBlSX 3 Mason.
Eleventh Precinct— l7o6 Mason.
Twelfth Precinct— l6o2 Mason.
Thirteenth Precinct— .6os Taylor.
Fourteenth Precinct— l7o2 Leavenworth.
Fifteenth Precinci-913V* Filbert. - '
. Forty-Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 3o l% Bush,
second Precinct— 43S Pine. . . ; .
Third Precinct— 24 Drumm.
Fourth Precinct— llB LeidesdorftV ' •
Fifth Precinct- 61 3 Commercial. : . .
. Sixth Precinct— Leidesdorft
Seventh Precinct— l 24 Montgomery avenue.
Eighth Precinct- 109 Jackson. • vonu » •
■ Ninth Precinct— los Washington. ;
: Tenth Precinct— B42a Union. - :-'
. Eleventh Precinct— ls Vallejo.
Twelfth Precinct-Northeast corner Pacific and
Montcomery avenue. . «»•.•■»
Thlrwenth Precinct— lolo Montgomery •
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o2 Montgomery
W. M. HINTON, K istrar of Voters.How ttje ,Mass-« Meeting Lashed "The Seven."
WHEREAS, The Market-street Railway Company, the Spring Val
ley Water Company, the San Francisco Gas Company and allied cor
porations have for years defied the laws of the State and the City, have
corrupted officials and have brought disgrace upon the government of
San Francisco; and
WHEREAS, E. L. Wagner, Alfred Morgenstern, Edward Hughes,
Joseph King, Chris Dunker, E. L. Benjamin and P. A. Scully have un
blushingly done the bidding of these corporations and have corruptly
reduced their assessments in the face of the recommendations of the
Grand Jury and the plain dictates of justice ; therefore be it
Resolved, That' we commend the Grand Jury for promptly present
ing these Supervisors for removal from office, and we call upon District
Attorney Barnes to do all in his power to secure a conviction.
' Resolved, That we commend the course of the Examiner, THE
CALL and the Chronicle, and tender them our thanks for their fearless
discharge of their grave public duty of exposing rascality and corruption
in public office.
Resolved, That we congratulate the people of San Francisco on the
possession of such fearless champions of their rights as Mayor Sutro and
the honest minority of the Board of Supervisors.
The bill was paid and then the lawyer, I <
don't think it was Mr. Highton [laughter]
Wrote to his client: 'I have collected that j
bill. Please send me tbe balance of ray ! j
fee,- 1150.' That was a regular spellbinder ]
to the man who Bent the bill.
."Now, we have a spellbinder in these
men, who draw a salary from you, then j I
sell you oat and still demand more.
"I was to a certain extent surprised,
though you will notice that my surprise ]
h»s not entirely overcome me, when asked j
to-address you. I was pleased to be asked,
"because I desire to become acquainted !
with the people of San Francisco.
' We came here not only to impeach but j '
actually to convict. But that is not suffic- '
ient. We must go out of this hall with a
firm resolve that we will do what Mr.
Highton said we ought to do. We ,
must go forward in this municipal tight
and select honest men to represent us.
That is a statement that is too much of a ; (
kindergarten nature to make to you, but !
is it not surprising that we do not do this i ,
—that men are selected to handle and
manage millions of dollars of the City, j
who would not be selected to manage a
crossroad grocery store?
"The idea of such miserable fellows be- i
ing in power/ac this man King, who, i
when I had the pleasure of showing him
up in my paper, said he was coming
around to lick the editor. He may come
around to-morrow to iick me for what I ,
have said to-night. But I say now that he
is an absolutely unworthy representative
of the great City of San Francisco. [Ap
plause j. i
"But while I occupy tbe editorship of j
that paper I will cay to Mr. King that mj
fighting editor is just around tbe corner!
and is entirely prepared for him and all
the other rascals. For with the other !
good people of San Francisco I pledge my- \
self again and I dedicate myself to tbe j
good and welfare of the people of San
Francisco — the law-abiding, respectable
and decent element of San Francisco j
[applausej and against such miserable vile
frauds. I will march forward with that
solid phalanx of the people. They will be {
swept aside as the chaff before the wind.
"My contempt for them is so supreme '
that if I were not undesirous of being ac- [ ,
cused of being melodramatic, I would say
I would not leant to die in a better cause
than thrashing tbe rascals through the
streets.
"I am heart and soul with yon. and will
have a vote with you. I will attempt to !
voice with you, with other members of tbe '
press, as a country member — as a sort of
hayseed, with the hay still sticking in my
hair — the sentiments against official cor- j
ruption. I have come among them to be ■
one of them, to fight with them and for j
yon— to fight for purity and honesty in !
public office.
"Let us select men such as I have before '
me now. Suppose you had twelve of this I
number, with a Mayor who nad the power
to veto, nothing could then go wrong. '
Let us select such a Mayor. Let all our I
tickets, no matter to what party we be- j
long, contain the names of men of probity
and ability. The present situation shows
bow necessary it is that the leaders of the
various parties should nominate such |
men from whom the people can select a j
jury that will turn tbe rascals out and '
manage your City with dignity, honesty
and enterprise, with glory to themselves
and this fair City."
"We are not here to mince matters,"
. commenced James H. Barry, amid a tern- ]
pest of applause. "We are here to de- i
nounce a gang of public rascals who have !
proved false to their trust. The preceding
brilliant speaker has said that crimes such .
as these seven men have committed — yea, '■
crimes of far less magnitude were pun- ■
ished by hanging in 1856. But we are not
now in the old Vigilante days. Still we i
have ways whereby to punish these and \
otber rascals.
. J'As for good citizens mending matters
by taking part in politics, it is vain to
prate of such a thing. I have been at pri- j
marie* and have seen the way in which j
men vote once, twice, or twenty times un- ■
der as many names as they might choose, j
I have seen a man, young and tough as
many that we see on the downtown curb- !
stones, swear that he was entitled to vote j
in the name of the fattier of a venerable
looting man who challenged his ballot.
"We are come Here to denounce the j
Solid Beven. Mr. Highton has said their j
action, recently exposed, was evidence of j
unjust discrimination. It was more — it
was a damnable fraud. This action was'
taken in view of certain considerations.
la other words, it was paid for with coin. [
To°what purpose do we pile condemna- ■
tion upon mere tools. The San Francisco !
Gas Company, the Spring Valley Water '
Company and the Market-street Railway
are the power— three persons in one false
j, o d — which is at tbe bottom of all the !
trouble. This must be attacked and
downed by true and faithful public ser
vants."
The following letter from Congressman •
James G. Maguire was then read:
■ /. J. Truman, Esq., Metropolitan Temple— Dear j
Sir: Your Invitation to attend and speak at j
the niass-meetinc this evening came duly to |
band. I regret that otber and prior engage- j
menu make it impossible for me to attend.
The ODjeets of the meeting, as I understand :
tnem, are to promote good government by
arousing and concentrating public sentiment
upon the official management of our munici
pal business, and to condemn certain acts of j
favoritism in tbe taxation of wealthy corpora
tions.
J am heartily in accord with your effort to
arouse the public conscience and to make its
voice effective in controlling and directing
public matters. This has always been one of
the great needs of San Francisco. In no other
great city are public officers so heedless of j
public sentiment. The faint rests with the j
people rather than with the officers. The pub- j
lie conscience has been allowed to remain dor- ■
mant. Faithful public servants have been
neglected and vicious ones have been too ,
often rewarded with farther honors and
emoluments.
Let it once be understood that fidelity to
public trusts will be noticed and rewarded by
the people, and that no unfaithfulness in of
fice will escape their condemnation, and im
mediately official conduct will be elevated and
purified. Public sentiment is the only real
force to be relied upon in the making and in
the execution of oar laws. That force, culti
vated and educated, is the measure and sup
port of our civilization.
I am not sufficiently familiar with the. mer
its of the present controversy to judge accur
ately the conduct of our accused Supervisors,
but of this I am certain, they are answerable
to the public, and if their ac is have been just
and fair they should hasten to vindicate them
selves before the public.
Let it never again be truthfully said that
corrupt private interests remember and re
ward the.r friends while the faithful . servants
of the people are forgotten. Very truly yours,
James G. Maguike.
Charles W. Reed, the next speaker,
dwelt upon the good Supervisors and the
Dad ones which San Francisco has had,
seeming to consider the 'latter far in the
majority.
"But now," he went on, "we have a
Board of Supervisors which beats any, on
record. The wards are improperly divided.
The old division lines are still kept up,
leaving the best residence districts of the i
city practically without representation.
"Under the present vicious system Tar '
Flat has three out of the twelve Super
visors, and the Barbary Coast no less than
five. This is the third prosecution of pub
he officials that has taken place daring the
present year. The first two have fallen
through. ' Let us hope Mr. Barnes may
make this last one a second Durrani
trial. The betrayer of women has been
placed where he can do no more harm in
that line for the present. Let us hope a
similar fate . may befall these betrayers of
their country."
H. W. Philbroot dwelt upon the proba- j
bility / that the schemes of the "solid
seven" were paid for. He also contended, j
reading in confirmation of his position
the opening section of thetState constitu- :
tion, that the people . had a right to meet
for the purpose of instructing tneir repre- !
sentatives and ■ protesting against abuses.
> "It is true tnat a reform should sweep :
over our City. .We are told that the ma
jority does not rule. The correct, healthy
mind of the majority does not rule, in my
opinion. All it needs is to be waked up.
Its existence is amply proved by the im
mense attendance here to-night. We j
know that the protesting voice of San !
Francisco raised against the funding bill
was heard in Washington. .
"We have our power, and we must use
it rightly. But our judiciary procedure
must be reformed. The Judges have too
much power in the matter of setting aside
verdicts in civil and criminal cases. 1
hone to do my best to this end if ever I j
have the chance."
Joseph Leggett said it was true that we
are no longer in Vigilante times, but be
hoped the times were vigilant, at all
events.
"Haven't you a duty to perform?" he
asked. '.'Democrats, Republicans and
Populist*, you have a sacred charge to
keep. There are many good things beyond
our power; but there, are some that we
can do. . We can at . least watch the men
who are proposed for election as our ser
vants and find out whether they be
worthy."
The Hod. A. W. Thompson spoke on
similar lines, recommending pare political
methods in the administration of the City
government.
Mr. Reed then read the following pre
amble and resolutions, . which were unani
mously adopted by a standing vote:
WHEREAS, The Market-street Kail
way Company, the Spring Valley Water
Company, the San Francisco Gas Com
pany and allied * corporations .' have for
year* defied the laws of the State and
the City, have corrupted ; officials . and
have brought disgrace - upon - the gov
ernment of San Francisco; and
: WHEREAS, £. 1.. : Wagner, - Alfred
Morgenctern, Edward Hughes, Joseph
Kins;, Chris Danker, E. L.. Benjamin
and P. A. Scully . have nnblnshingly
done the bidding of these corporations,
and have corruptly reduced their assess
ments in the face of the recommenda
tion* of the Grand Jury and the plain
dictates of Justice; therefore be It 7
RESOLVED, That we commend the
Grand Jury for promptly presenting
these Supervisors for removal from of
fice, and we call upon District Attorney
Barnes to do all in. his power to secure
a conviction.
RESOLVED, That we commend the
course of the Examiner, " The Call"
and the Chronicle, and tender them our
.thanks for their fearless discharge of
their grave public duty, of exposing
rascality and corruption in public office.
EESOLVKD, That we congratulate the
people of San Francisco on the posses- ■
sion of such fearless champions of their
right* as Mayor Sutro and the honest
minority of the Board of Supervisors
As the reading ended the vast audience
rose to its feet," and \ cheer upon cheer, re
sounded through the building; the band,
seeming to share in the overwhelming en
thusiasm, sent forth a rapturous * burst of
richest harmony, and thus ended a great
City's solemn and outspoken j protest
against wickedness in high places.
THE ACCUSED SEVEN.
Supervisors Cited to Appear August
11 to Answer the Grand Jury
Accusation.
The teven Supervisors accused by the
Grand Jury of willfully and corruptly
lowering the assessments of the Snring
Valley Water Works, the San Francisco
Gaslight Company and the Market-street
Railway Company have been cited to ap
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ■' WKD.N JSSUA V , JU la 29, 1896.
pear in Department 10 of the Superior
Court, Judge Slack, on August 11, to an
swer the accusation.
Yesterday District Attorney Barnes and
Thomas Dunne saw Supervisors Morgen
stern, Benjamin, Wajtner and Hughes at
the office of General J. H. Dickinson and
handed to each a copy of the accu
sation. Supervisors King, Scully and
Duntcer were each served with a copy of
the document later in the day.
The Grand Jury did not bold a session
yesterday. So far as the members are at
present advised there will not be a session
of the jury until next Friday afternoon.
Expert Horace D. Dunn is at work on the
final report.
It is said that the Grand Jury will not
aajourn finally until the accusation
against the seven Supervisors is heard in
court.
FIVE DISSATISFIED
BANK DEPOSITORS,
Want to Be Members of
the Hibernia Loan
Society.
A COMPLAINT FILED.
The Directors Charged With
General Mismanagement
of Affairs.
SECRETARY TOBIN EXPLAINS.
Ks Says That These Difficulties Were
Settled in Court Many
Years Ago.
Five depositors of the Hibernia Savings
I and Loan Society yesterday appeared be
fore the Bank Commissioners and filed
charges alleging that the directors of the
bank have been guilty of gross misman
! agement in conducting that institution.
I The complainants are: Dr. J. F. Gibbon,
Michael Kane. Bernard Keenan, Michael
Sullivan and John Murphy.
The character of the cnarges does not in
' any way reflect upon the solvency and
1 stability of the bank, which, according to
| the statement of Bank Commissioner Paris
Kilburn, is as firm as a rock and has more
| quick securities than any other institution
j on the coast.
The complaint in twelve counts charges
| the management with giving $50,000 to the
I San Joaquin Valley Railroad and demands
i that the directors pay tbe money back
! into the bank; that money has been
• loaned on real estate over 60 per cent of
i the market value, ana a loan of $30,000 to
> Jacob Heyman and one of $25,000 to P. D.
i Cole are cited ; making large invest
! ments in bank property in excess of tbe
I amount allowed by law; making extrava
; gant charges for effecting loans to the
profit of the managers and at the expense
of the depositors ; also:
Taking passbooks from old members and
giving them new ones, thereby defrauding
them out of tbeir membership and the right to
a portion of the reserve or sinking fund.
Removing the conditions out of members'
, books, thereby cheating them out of their
right to membership (the said conditions being
evidence of membership) and also tbeir right !
to a portion of the sinking fund.
Tbe reserve fund must be divided among
members. No portion of it has ever been paid
I in dividends, a* other savings banks have
j done with it. They decline to make any divi
j dends of the reserve fund, amounting now to
; over two and a half million dollars in c&sn,
which is an unnecessary protection fund— a
portion of said reserve fund should justly be
paid out to all depositors whose money earned
it. It appears that the managers covet it
when they try to cut off all the old members
by confiscating their bankbooks and tearing
out the conditions, thereby destroying evi
dence of membership, and enabling them to
I divide the reserve fund and bank property
I among themselves at tne expiration of the in
; corporation, thirteen years hence, leaving out
; the real owners whose money earned It.
Besides the foregoing the bank officials
I are charged with drawing double salaries,
niakine exorbitant charges for services,
etc The main complaint is, however,
based upon the inability of tbe complain
ants to secure any part of the reserve or
sinking fund, which they claim they are
entitled to. Tbe object of the complaint
I is to have the Bank Commissioners place
j them on the n-embership roll of the cor-
I poration.
Secretary and Treasurer R. J. Tobin
taugbed when the charges were explained
to him. In speaking of the pretensions
of the depositors to membership he said
that the matter had been settled as to
their standing years ago. Tbe bank was
incorporated in 1859, and from then to
1864 all depositors having over $100 on de
posit were entitled to membership as
shareholders. In 1864 tbe bank incorpor
ated without a capital stock.
All of the old members were invited to
become members of the new, but not
many accepted, as the bank was then a
small affair compared to what it is now.
In 1878 the privilege of becoming members
was withdrawn, and this action resulted
in an action by Patrick Mullen, a depositor,
who wanted to be a member. Judge
Thornton, now Justice Thornton, decided
in favor of the bank about 1887.
Patrick McAran began a similar action
with like results. Thus the matter of
members of the old bank becoming mem
bers of tbe new was finally settled in
court.
Mr. Tobin said that Dr. Gibbon has not
over $6 or $7 in the bank and the other
complainants have not much more to
their credit. "In short," said lie, "these
folks want to get a slice of the bank's re
serve fund, which the courts have decided
they are not entitled to."
In speaking of the donation to the Val
ley Railroad Mr. Tobin said that under
the law the bank managers can dispose of
any surplus over $100,000. This fund now
amounts to $250,000 and the donation
mentioned was perfectly legal. More than
that the purpose of the bank to foster and
encourage just such enterprises the pur
pose of which is for the public's benefit.
By such transactions the bank is build
ine up and strengthening its own securi
ties by keeping up the value of real estate
and fostering local industries. By Just
such transactions money is kept in circu
lation here that otherwise would seek
other fields for investment. Therefore,
Mr. Tobin said the donation was a good
business and politic investment, and cor
rect legally as well.
In discussing the matter of making
loans on real estate close to the market
value Mr. Tobin suggested that It some
times happens that after a loan is made
the market values drop so that there is
not a very wide margin left. It is for just
such cases as these that the bank keeps up
its large reserve fund.
••It is with pride that we point to this
reserve fund/ said Mr. Tobin, "for no
matter what happens in the fluctuations
of securities the bank, has plenty of money
on hand to meet all emergencies. Why,
that is the bigeest feather in our cap.
These other charges and complaints are
all bosh and not worthy of a reply. An
examination of our books will convince
any business man that the bank and its
managers are all right."
Bank ,Commissioner Paris Kilburn
stated that tbe Commissioners will file the
complaint away until the regular examin
ation of the banks begins. "The Hibe-nia
Savings and Loan Society is perfectly
solvent," said he, "and tbe charges do not
affect its standing in the least. Its man
agers are all business men and fully in
formed as to the laws regarding banks and
banking.
"It is not likely that they have violated
any law, but we will look into the charges
when we examine the bank's affairs. It is
not a case that requires immediate action.
From what I have been told the main
question was settled by the courts years
•go."
REPUBLICANS TO MEET.
The State Central Committee
Will Convene Here Next
Saturday.
Present Campaign Activity Will Be
Further Stimulated at That
Time.
Tbe new Republican State Central Com
mittee will hold its first meeting on next
Saturday at Golden Gate Hall in this City,
beginning at 10 a. m.
This meeting will fairly set the cam
paign going, although the executive
committee, whicn has the details of cam
paign work in hand, has been fully alert
and very active during the weeks since it
was organized with Frank McLaughlin as
its chairman.
There are no matters of especial mo
ment which are now expected to come be
fore the State Central Committee, but the
meeting will have an important and stim
ulating effect on the campaign. This will
probably be more dne to the informal
meetings of the party representatives with
the officer* and members of the executive
committee, wbo are doing the important
campaign work, than to any measures
taken. by the body as a whole.
The attendance from all over the State
promises to be large, according to the cor
resDOiider.ee of Secretary M. R. Higgins,
and at the meeting the individual mem
bers of the committee wiil either make or
cement their friendship with Chairman
McLaughlin, Secretary Higgins, Assistant
Secretary Stepacher and the other most
MEW 10-DAT.
"Red Letter Days"
Your Money Back.
We don't think we ever sold a piece of
furniture that didn't give the buyer his
moneys worth in service and looks.
Now, please don't think because "Red
Letter" prices are low that the furniture is
"cheap." It isn't.
"R^d Letter Day" furniturejs our every-
day furniture reduced in price.
We think enough of itjto say : If you'don't
like it when you get it home we'll send for it.
• #
$10 Bedroom $ioisthe
Sets— Let price of
Them Alone! be f room
sets sev-
eral places around town —
and some people, really buy
them ; of course, they get a
"bargain."
Now, that's not the kind
of furniture we sell. -'■ We
i '*. ';- '"' — >$
I t ■■• i m ■!■■) j „ t ni,i iuiiiim Mfm^VT%^'"Jut»Miu i jifcj|w»t'"**
advertise, and we sell clean,
honest furniture You can
buy here all day and not
waste a cent of your money
- Picture shows a- polished oak -bedroom
set (of three pieces, washstahd to match),
that we sell regularly at ' $28. We've > bad
the x, pattern ■ quite a while and : want to
close it out. :
They'll go in a hurry at
$18—' 'Red Letter" price.
»
California
Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole & Co., CMP^
1 1 7-1 2 1 Geary Street. ului6«*.
active and industrious members of tbe
executive committee.
The members of the State Central Com
mittee representing tbe various Assembly
districts will before, during and after the
meeting acquire a definite understanding
of the important part they should play in
the coming campaign and receive some of
the confidence and enthusiasm which now
fills the members of tbe executive com
mittee who have the present campaign
worK in hand.
The State headquarters in the Palace
Hotel increases its life daily, and daily
does tbe mass of correspondence con
ducted by the chairman, secretary and as
sistants to secretary increase. The first
McKinley and Hobart posters, recently
aescribed in The Call, are being sent out
rapidly to every county in t:e State, and
during the coming week the campaign
literature, which will flood the State, will
begin its outward flew.
The State executive committee has as
yet made no definite arrangements about
campaign speakers, either of the State or
from the East. It is now the general ex
pectation at headquarters that tbe cam
paign will not fully open with its regular
assignments of meetings and tours of
prominent speakers until about Septem
ber 1. A two months' campaign of bon
fire meetings is about as much as any set
of campaign speakers is able to stand, and
this, together with the industrious and
systematic distribution of campaign litera
ture, is about the present measure of an
ticipated campaign activity.
The correspondence of Secretary M. R.
Higgins id daily fruitful of much informa
tion that is encouraging to tbe Republican
managers. Letters daily pour in by the
dozen from every portion of the State,
giving political reports from the sections
from which they come.
E. C. Pendletbn writes from Red Bluff
in behalf of the Republican organization
of ttfat county:
"So far as my observation goes every
thing indicates the success of the Re pub;
lican ticket in Tehama County this fall.
Tniß county has not always given a RepubJ
lican majority, but I firmly believe it will
do so in November."
F. L. Dodge of Hanford, chairman of the
county committee of Kings County, writes:
"I can assure you tuat the Republican
fight in Kin^s County will be equal to the
emergency. We organized a big Me-
Kinlev arid Hobart club last Friday^night.
The Republican-Populists are disgusted
with the St. Louis convention and are
coming back to their first love. They wiil
vote for McKinley and protection. Kings
County will be all right."
A leading Republican of Siskiyon
County, in the course of a favorable re
port on the party prospects there, writes:
"The Populists and Democrats here have
no love tor each other and they are apt to
constitute tbe kind of a happy family to
be foutm in Barnum's menagerie,"
An Early Morning Blaze.
A blaze in the three-story frame building at
11 Eddy street, rnnning through to lOltf Mar
ket, caused a loss yesterday morning of about
$lt>oo. The building is owned by Mrs. Rlley
And was occupied by A. D. Porter as a saloon.
Tiie upper floor is run as a lodging-house. The
lo.ss on the saloon is about $1000 and on the
lodging-house if 100. The owner of the build
ing thinks $000 will cover the damage to her
property. Captain Comstock of the Fire Pa
trol is of the opinion that the blaze was caused
by the electric wires becoming crossed, thus
sending a current in the wood.
A Benefit Entertainment.
A grand entertainment and ball will be given
for tbe benefit of the widow and children ol
the late Jacob Abrams at B'nai B'rith Hall this
evening.
Isn't there some little
thing — tea-table, dressing-
case, dainty cabinet — that
you've always wanted, but
felt it cost too much?
Try "Red Letter Days"—
good furniture, quick prices.
IEM
Wall Hanging cab-
CabinetS. inets-two dozen
different sorts,
all prices. Yours for ex-
actly half price — ''Red Let-
ter Days."
The u ßed Tags" show the
reduced price, remember;
look and see that we didn't
make a mistake in dividing.
NEW TO-DAT-DHT _ GOODS.- _
AT HALF VALUE AND LESS
TO FORCE THEM OUT
BEFORE STOCK-TAKING!
In pursuance of our efforts TO REDUCE OUR SPRING AND
SUMMER STOCK TO THE LOWEST POSSIBLE LIMIT before
taking our annual inventory on the 31st we select the following
lines and offer them IOR IMMEDIATE CLEARANCE
AT MERCILESS REDUCTIONS TODAY!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
-A.* XO Cexvts.
87 pieces 96-INCH FANCY MIXED DRESS GOODS, reduced from 25c to 10c a yard.
j&Lt IB Centei
63 pieces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTINE SUITING, mottled effects, reduced
from 40c to 15c a yard.
At 2-5 Cents. . . ...
71 pieces 39-INCH ENGLISH MOHAIR SUITING, in grays, tan and blue effects,
reduced from 65c to 25c a yard. . fV-;
SILKS! SILKS! SILKS!
. -A_t 83 Cents a, Yard.
1500 yards FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, former price 75c, will be closed out
at 35c a yard.
* At 4O Cents a, Yard. i
1200 yards BLACK FIGURED SATIN AND TAFFETA SILK, former price 75c. will
be closed out at 40c a yard. : ;.;,.;.. '
At SO Cents a. Yard.
1000 yards BLACK SATIN with colored figures, former price $1, will be closed out at
50c a yard. • .
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 23 Cents.
20 pieces 38-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FRENCH NOVELTIES, marked down from
50c to 25c a yard. : \*>i
A.t 88 i CcxitM.
20 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL FIGURED SCOTCH CHEVIOT, marked down from
$1 to 55c a yard.
WASH GOODS! WASH GOODS!
SHIRRED CREPON SEERSUCKERS, the real woven article, reduced from > t-
-1 yard to f DC
IMPORTED ORGANDIES; wide, fine and handsome, reduced from 20c to.. } IA-
THE GOOD-GRADE WIDE-WIDTH PERCALES, broken lots, all desirable, ) n\ n
that were 12>^c yard, reduced to : . J 12^
DOMESTICS! DOMESTICS!
10-4 NICE WHITE BLANKETS, that were 85c a pair, reduced to .....) £*„
WHITE SHAKER FLANNEL, close weave and warm, that was 10c yard, ) R^
. reduced to. . .• J" D\j
WHITE BEDSPREADS, for three-quarter beds, reduced from 75c to > d.K(* .
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
• \Ajt 1O Cents.
120 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR TIES, in plaids, stripes, figured and Dresden
■ ' effects, regular price 25c, will be closed out at 10c
;•'"."•■ ■ ■ ■- ; ■■ A.t 1O Cents.
200 dozen LARGE-SIZE LINEN CAMBRIC COLORED-BORDER HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price 25c, will be closed out at 10c.
.At SO Cents.
85 dozen LATEST-STYLE CUSTOM-MADE UNLAUNDERED SHIRTS, with
colored boso m and detachable cuffs to match, regular price 90c, will be closed out
at 50c .
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 2(3 Cents a Pair.
175 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, double
knees, high-spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, worth 40c, will be closed out
at 25c a pair. ;■ ■•■ : ■ .
At 23 Cents a. Pair.
150 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, made with unbleached feet,
double heels and toes, Hermgdorf black, worth $5 per dozen, will be closed out at
;.,'.; 25c' a pair. . ,
■ ; CAPES, SUITS AND SKIRTS!
■5 •"•- ■■' ■-••■ - At 81.90. .'•'••:■■
LADIES' CAPES, made of light tan cloth, prettily braided, ruche neck, lined through-
. out with light blue,< worth $6, reduced to $1 90 each.
. . •• . • At &3.&0.
85 LADIES'. SUITS, consisting of .Double- breasted Reefer and Skirt, made of black
. and navy cheviot, skirt lined throughout, worth $7 50, will be closed out at $390
each.
At *2.43.
LADIES' BL.ACK AND NAVY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias
velveteen, worth $5, will be closed out at $2 45 each.
LADIES KID GLOVES !
At SO Cents.
LADIES'. 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in white, with black and self-embroidered backs
regular value $1, will be closed out at 500 a pair.
At SS Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, colors tan and brown, also black, worth regular
$1, will be closed out at 55c a pair. ',:,•
At 73 . Cents.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES, embroidered on back,
colors, red, tan, brown, navy and mode, also black, worth regular $1 25, will be
closed out at 75c a pair. . • • •
PARASOLS ! PARASOLS !
■-'• ■ ■ :-•'• - • ■'" ";'-. A.t : : SO Cents. ... '•• V^"'-"'- ',
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria, value 85c, will be closed out at 50c
. At 61.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in black satin (lined), value $1 50, will be closed out at $1.
HANDKERCHIEFS ! HANDKERCHIEFS ! '
At 1O Cents Eaoh. - *'
360. dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price 25c each, will be closed out at 10c each. .
At IS Cents XSaon.
240 dozen LADIES' SHEER -WHITE LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $3 50 per dozen, will be closed out at 15c each..
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS!
At SO Cents. :
LADIES' . BHIRT WAISTS, laundered collar and • cuffs, in fancy checks and
stripes, worth 75c, Will be closed out at SOo each. ;
'■' ■ At SO Cent©.
150 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in heavy percales, stripes and check«, bishop .
sleeves, regular price $1, will be closed out at 50c each. r - r^-;
At 78 Cents. . ,
LADIES' SHIRT- WAISTS, in all fancy shades, bishop sleeves, made of good percale,
regular price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each. '
GARNITURES AND ORNAMENTS!
We will close out our entire stock of this season's NEW DRESS GARNITURES
at about half regular prices. ■ • . ... -- ~- :: : /-' : " ; :
g^S 3 Our entire accumulation of REMNANTS and all BROKEN LOTS
T^.of every description will be placed on sale THIS DAY at MERELY
NOMINAL PRICES. ..
/B/JP^ MTOFHT BUILDHfOv /
mAJN FRANOZOCO.
910
WOOL A VICTIM
OF FREE TRADE.
The Industry Paralyzed
Under the Wilson
Bill.
SHEEP MEN VERY BLUE
Prices Fall More Than 50 Per
Cent in Less Than Two
Years.
THE LOCAL WAREHOUSES CLOSE
Cheap Foreign Wools Crush Out Home
Dealers and Destroy American
Industries.
It is the purpose of this and a succeed
ing article to show in a simple and conclu
sive way, so clearly tnat none can mis
understand the proposition, that when the
Democrats killed the McKinley protective
tariff law and substituted therefor the
Wilson bill they destroyed the wool indus
try of the United States.
It was the immortal Dr. Samuel John
son who said. "The proof of the pudding
is the eating thereof and not the chewing
of tbe strings." It may be said that the
proof of a goT^rnment's policy is the work
ing thereof and not the spinning of the
ories. 6
The policy of the Republicans, as ex
emplified in the McKinley law governing
the wool industry, is the direct opposite of
the policy of the Democrats, as seen in
the present Wilson bill. The McKinley
bill was in effect from October 1,
1890, until August 28, 1894, and since
that time the country has been
struggling under the Democratic policy of
anti-protection. It is the duty of every
citizen to study the results ol the two
policies, each of which had a fair chance,
but, as the tariff lists cover thousands of
articles, it is well to study the more im
portant industries in the order of their
general importance, one by one.
Let it be understood at the outset what
is the exact difference between the Mc-
Kinley bill and the present Democratic
law, as regards the treatment of the wool
growing industry. The customs act of
October 1, 1?^, commonly Known as the
McKinley law, divided wool into classes
one, two and three, and made stringent
provisions against their indiscriminate
importation. Paragraphs 384, 385 and 386
of the law, . under schedule X, pro
vided that wool of the first class pay a
duty of 11 cents a pound, that the second
clats pay 12 cents, and that the third class,
exceeding in value 13 cents a pound, pay
32 per cent ad valorem. On some quali
ties of the third class tbe duties were
, placed at 50 per cent ad valorem. These
are the main outlines of a carefully drawn
law that equally protected flannels, car
pets, blankets, bats and scores of manu
factured products. Throughout every sen
tence of the law, as the most casual read
ing will show, there was great care to pro
tect American products against those of
other countries. On this point there has
never been a dispute, for the provisions of
the lew are as plain as the alphabet.
That law expressed the policy of the
Republican party, as carefully formulated
by such economic students as Allison and
McKinley. It stood for the Republican
theory and practice of protection to Amer
ican labor and American industry, and the
'results of practical workings may be found
in the records of .industrial and commer
cial life for the period extending from Oc
tober 1, 1890, to August 28. 1894, when the
Wilson bill, tne idol of Democracy, super
seded it. What were the provisions of
this bill affecting wool, and what effect
have they had on the sheep and wool in
dustries of the country?
Under paragraph 685 of the Wilson bill
• the following wools arc freed from duty :
"All wool of the sheep, hair of th* camel,
goat, alpaca.and other like animals, and all
hairon<he sKin, noils, yarn, waste, card
waste, bur waste, stubbing waste," etc.
On woolen and worsted yarns, shoddy
and many forms of fabrics that had ample
protection under the McKinley law the
present law provides a small ad valorem
duty, which affords no protection what
ever.
It cannot be said that there is any ob
scurity in the provisions of either law.
The issue between Republican protection
and Democratic free trade is here sharply
defined and every point is clear cut.
It was the contention of McKinley and
tne supporters of his law that the Demo
cratic policy would destroy the wool and
sheep business of the country; that for
eign wools would inundate "the United
States, drive sheep-growers out of business
and result in a general depression of the
pursuits depending on sheep-rais-ing. The
Republicans contended that American
growers and dealers would find no mar
ket for tneir product. On the other hand
the" Democrats held that there would be
an increased demand for the American
output, which would be mixed with the
finer woo) 3 from abroad. How can it be
shown whether this country's purchase of
foreign wools has increased ? How are we
.to know whether there has been an in
creased demand for American wool?
Custom-house reports snow what has
been imported from other conntries, and
reports from market centers, as well as by
etatisticians employed by the Govern
ment, - show tne decadence of the sheep
raising industry on this continent.
■ Omitting unnecessary lists of figures,
and quoting the main points irom reports,
it may be sairt that importations of foreign
wools have increased even beyond the pre
dictions of the friends of protection, while
pbeen-growers who raised wool have be
come little more than mutton-raisers un
■ der less than two years of Democratic rule.
The importations of woolens for the
fiscal year ending June r 3O, 1892, may be
, taken as a fair test of what wa.« tht status
of affairs under the McKinley law. Of
class 2, under schedule X, there were
imp0rted 5,826,574 pounds, valued at 51,368
-,-654, and of class 3, 92,581,282 pounds at
$8,795,681.
For the fiscal year endine June 30, 1895,
tinder the Wilson bill, there were imported
as follows: Ciass 1. 82,615,995 pounds at
?12.713.350. being clothing wool free of
duty; al*o 4,535,527 pounds at $622,252;
class 2. free of duty, 13 207.230 pounds at
1 2.564 .427; class 3, free, 95,403,018 pounds
at $8,718,447, and of dutiable goods of the
same class 10,002,631 pounds at a duty of
$864,791. °
Tne student of figures will behold in
these incieased importations some of the
effects of the new law, the law which the
Democrats heralded as a panacea for all
industrial ills. Does the table not show
that the Republicans were right in at least
one thing— in their prediction that for
eign wools would be" imported in large
quantities? Now let us see whether the
increased importations did any damage to
the home industry, or whether there was
a demand for American wool to mix with
the foreign product.
The best summary of the American sit
uation that has been made for a long time
was issued in Ko«'on on July 18 by Fenno
Brothers & Chiids, prominent for many
years as commission wool merchants and
close students of the situation. Their cir
cular, i«sued as a cold bu.-in«?ss statement,
is a fulfillment of Republican prophecies.
It is so important that the following quo
tations are submitted as being directly in
point. Among other things it says:
"Business paralysis has succeeded busi
ness inactivity, and, as a result, the vol
ume of trading shows the smallest total of
sales that we have had to note since wool
growing became an important industry in
this country, and Boston the leading wool
market in the United States. When less
than three-quarters of a million pounds of
wool changes hands during a week in a
market which ordinarily disposes of from
150.000,000 to 200,000,000 pounds of wool in
a year, the causes which influence the
situation are too significant to be ignored."
The foregoing statement applied to the
week ending July 18, but there is a wider
survey a little further along. After advis
ing their frienda to pursue a most consei
vative course in their operations until the
future is more assured, the circular con
tinues:
"That we can see any higher prices for
wool in the immediate future does not
seem possible as we view the situation.
The total sales of domestic and foreign
wool since January 1 foot up 64,820,500
pounds against 115,962,000 pounds during
the same time last year, showing a de-,
crease in business of 51,041,500 pounds
compared with last year, and this great
curtailment in the output of wool must of
necessity create a surplus which, even un
der increased activity on the part of mills
later on, can hardly be overtaken during
the balance of the year.
"The movement in the woolen goods
market is still restricted to small limits,
and the present amount of idle machin
ery is likely to be increased in the near fu
ture, and while the reduction in woolen
goods thus brought about may in the long
run nave a favorable effect upon the price of
woolens, this large shutting down of the
factories is not an encouraging si«n as far
as wool is concerned. There~ is just as
much wool to be marketed whether the
mills run or stop, and each month that
tbe demand for it is curtailed makes the
chances for future values more open to
doubt. Importations of woolen goods
still continue, but under the influence of a
decided slackness in demand show a con
siderable falling off in volume as com
pared to a year ago.
"Sales for tbe past week foot up about
730,000 pounds against about 5,700,000
pounds for the corresponding week of last
year, and about 997,000 pounds for the
preceding week of this year. Again the
shrinkage in the volume of business be
tween this year and last is most conspicu
ous and cannot fail to have its significance.
The principal sales have been of territory
about 200,000 pounds, of domestic fleeces
about 200,000 pounds, and of pnlled wool
about 100,000 pounds, and of foreign about
150,000 pounds."
Such has been the general tenor of every
circular issued by commission merchants
who have canvassed the situation during
the year, and auch has been the general
pall over the business ever since the Dem
ocratic free trade-policy has had full sway.
In a circular issued early last spring the
same firm says: "The wool market con
tinues dull and lifeless and the total sale«
of domestic wools show a great falling off
from an average week's business."
The foregoing facts apply to the general
market, but there is plenty of evidence to
show that the local situation is equally
bad, if not worse.
Spearing of the subject yesterday, the
senior member of the well-known San
Francisco firm of Sboobert & Beaie, wool
merchants, said: "I am not an alarmist,
and I do not believe in making a disturb
ance over impending calamities, but the
simple truth is that we cannot compete
with foreign wools, and witnout protec
tion tb« wool business will perish. The
Australians, with free lands and superior
skill, can raise better wool than is pro
duced anywhere in America and at one
fifth what it costs us to produce an inferior
quality. Nearly every scouring mill is
closed and our warehouses are deserted.
There is no market."
Mr. Hulme, of the well-known local firm
of Hulme & Hart, says:
"The clip in this Btate this year falls
17.000 bales short. This amounts to five or
six millions of pounds. Why? Simply
because sheep-erowers are forced to sell
their sheep for mutton, ther*. being no
profits in the business of growing for
wool.
"From three to four years ago Hum
boldt wools brought from 25 to 30 cents a
pound, but to-day, with the competition
of fine foreign wools, they have no buyers
at 11 and 12 cents. In the old days the
banks loaned money freely on wool, which
was as good as old wheat in the raill, but
to-day they will not make advances at all,
because wool won't bring even the lowest
prices, and half the men in the sheep
business are closed out. The Nevada
wools are affected less than others, but
even these feel sadly the effects of free
trade."
Thus it is plain to be seen that there is
business paralysis in the local market as
well as all over tbe Union. The most con
servative reports show that half the ma
chinery in the woolen manufacturing
regions is idle. The experience of two
years has shown that the American manu
facturer cannot successfully compete with
the foreigner, who. in his efforts to hold
American trade under free trade, is offer
ing his products at continually decreasing
puces.
The following report from Hulme &
Hart's Prices Current for the week ending
July 25 shows the stagnant condition of
the market: "Receipts California sprine
clip aggregate 38,219 bags, against 55,964
bags same time last year. For the week
receipts California have been 331 bags
against 793 bags last week and 954 bags in
the corresponding week last year. Oregon
receipts for the week are 441 bags against
268 "bags in the corresponding week last
year.
"An exceedingly quiet market has been
experienced the past week, with business
almost at a complete standstill. Values
cannot be said to show any quotable
change, desirable qualities not being ob
tainable for any less than figures lately
current, bat buyers are as a rule tempo
rarily out of the market."
Any one who goes on the Wool Ex
change and talks with dealers irrespective
of his political beliefs will soon be con
vinced that there, is no division of senti
ment as to the proper policy for the fos
tering of the wool industry of the United
States. , All want protection, and all real
ize that the present Democratic free-trade
policy as formulated in the Wilson bill is
responsible for ' the paralysis of business
that marks the country , to-day, as it has
thrown » pall over industry since the Wil
son bill became a law_J
UNDER CIVIL SERVICE
Ia the Place Made Vacant by the
Death of Captain Tal
bot.
There have been more than fifty appli
cations for tbe position of Inspector of
Hulls and Boilers, made vacant by the
death of Captain Talbot. Collector Wise
Surveyor English and Supervising In
spector Berniingham have been besieged
with place-hunters who sought to * am the
coveted position through their influence.
The recent civii service law now steps in
and relieves these gentlemen of possible
political embarrassment. Supervising In
spector Birmingham was iniormed yester
day by the department at Washington
that as soon as practicable an examina
tion would be ordered for tbe purpose of
selectine a man to assume the duties of
the late Captain Talbot. Civil service rules,
of course, narrow the race down to a few.
Under ordinary conditions Captain D
Marcucci would be right in line for pro
motion, but it appears that he is lacking
in certain qualifications, which will pre
vent his becoming a competitor even un
aer civil service rules.
Trouble Between Partners.
Jacob Rothman and J. C. Zimmerman until
a few days ago were partners in the plumbing
business at 1103 Stockton street. After Zim
mermen had retired from the business Roth
man alleges that he mUw-d $250 worth oi
plumbers' tools, which he fc,und in a pawn
shop, and he bad ascertained that Zimmerman
pawned them. He swore to a complaint in
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday, charring
Zimmerman wiih grand larceny
Loans on watches, Jewelry, •liveware, at Uncle
Harris", 16 Grant avenue. '■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 189(5,
JAMES G. BLAINE
REPUBLICANS,
A Great Club Organized
for the Best Party
Principles.
DETERMINED TO WIN.
President Desmond's Noble Ex
pedition to Rescue Political
Prisoners.
WAS FORMERLY SHERIFF HERE
Some of the Influential Men Who
Will Participate in the
Club's Counsels.
No more patriotic or appropriate name
could be given a Republican Club than
that of "James G. Blaiue," and when the
Republicans who make the Knights of tbe
OFFICFRS OF THE JAMES G. BLAINE REPUBLICAN CLUB.
Red Branch Hall on Mason street their
headquarters selected this name as their
standard they undoubtedly struck a sym
pathetic chord in tne hearts of every
American.
Having those grand views as an object
worthy of the cause of Republicanism and
an honor to the men who 1 aye selected
this name for their club, they have made
no mistake as to tne significance of the
cause they have espoused.
The organizers of-the James G. Blame
Republican Cluo never do things by
halves. W r hen tney make up their minds
to accomplish a purpose, they generally
succeed.
Though modest and somewhat secluded
from the common political brawlers who
shout without accomplishing anything
save making a noise, tho«e men go to
work with a determination to win.
No better example can be produced to
establish this fact than the act of the
president of the James G. Blame Club.
Jn 1875 he and John J. breslin sailed
out of the harbor of San Francisco on
board the Catalpa with Captain Anthony
in charge, bound for Western Australia, to
there beard the British lion, supported
by English cannons and fleet men-of-war.
The Catalpa was bound to rescue six po
litical prisoners who were serving a life
sentence at the Fremantle prison for the
Heinous offense of saying that the British
monarchy had outlived its usefulness and
that a republican form of government
was tbe only thing that commanded the
universal admiration of civilized people.
To liberate those men at the risk of his
own life was the mission of Thomas Des
mond, now president of tbe Blame Club,
and iiow well he carried out his intentions
was proven when in 1876 he arrived in an
Eastern port bringing with him his six
liberated countrymen.
For thw brave act Desmond's admiring
friends nominated him in 1879 for the
hi^h office of Sheriff of the City and
County of San Francisco.
His> popularity and genial nature se- I
cured for nim an overwhelming majority !
against his opponent, and, as tlie records
will fuily substantiate, no man ever filled
the office of Sheriff with more credit to
his constituents and honor to himself. His
career disappointed a good many who at
that time were prejudiced against the i
Workingmen's party, which had elevated
him to office, and, unlite the majority of
greedy and unscrupulous office-holders,
Desmond left the office a poorer man than
when he entered it.
Althouen ••Tom" Desmond, as his
friends love to call him, had received his
nomination from the Workingmen's party,
yet he was a stanch Republican and never
affiliated with any other party.
By his sincerity and devotion to the
principles of the Republican party he has
made hundreds of converts from the ranks
of the Democratic party, who, until the
principles of Republicanism had been ex
plained to them by one in whom t >ey had
the utmost confidence, had adhered to the
false doctrine of a Southern slavery.
There can be no such word as "fail' 1 for
a club with a president like Desmond and
assisted by executive officers of such
caliber as George W. Reid, a well-known
merchant in this City for tbe past tbirtv
years; John T. Tynan. M. Casey, William
J. Hudson, W. F. Coleman, M.'Hart, and
the other gentlemen who compose the offi
cers of the club, who are: Vice-president,
M. Casey; financial secretary, John M.
Donohoe; recording secretary, John Kili
mead; treasurer, M. Hart; se-geant-at
arms, Thomas Degnan; assistant, 8. J.
McCredie; executive committee— W. J.
Hudson, W. F. Coleman, R. Corbett, E.
Cunningham, J. Rice, Thomas Barkley, J.
Murphy, J. p. O'Connor, M. McCormick.
The resolutions adopted at a recent
meeting of the club fully explain sen
timents in supporting not only William
McKinJev, but the entire Republican
ticket, they read:
Ruol"td, That we, the nnde rsigned members
of the James G. Blame Republican Club, do
wn y P led ße our support to the nominees of
the Republican party, Mr. McKinley and Mr.
uobart, respectively; and be it further
b kw df That w « respectfully request the
republican municipal convention 10 nomi
nate men well known to the community and
of sterling integrity, and that said nominees
be selected from the different classes that go
to make up the Republican party, as we deem
tnis course essential for the success of the
ticket; and be it further
Resolved, That we do hereby approve of the
leadership of J. D. Spreckels.
There are 180 names on the roll, al
though the club has only been m exist
ence ten days, and it is anticipated by the
officers tnat fully 1000 names will be added
before the day of election, making it one
of the most powerful and influential or
ganizations in the City.
President Desmond will at the next meet
ing of the club appoint a campaign com
mittee which will be empowered to secure
Metropohtian Temple or some other suita
ble hail where mass-meetings may be held
and able speakers address the meetings.
The officers and members of the James
G. Blame Club recognizing that without
discipline and an acknowledged head and
hand to direct the management of local
politics in this City the party would go to
pieces and defeat would be doubly assured.
W ith the knowledge and value of having a
man of recognized ability, with a pure and
clean record to volunteer his service in the
interest of the Republican party without
expecting any reward other than that of
serving the City and the people of whom
he is one in the truest sense of that appel
lation, they have unanimously indorsed
John D. Spreckles as the one most fitted
to be entrusted with the management of
the party in this City and to him they will
look for counsel and advice in the coming
campaign.
SUING WALTER HOBART.
Raver's Case Against the Mil
lionaire Is Now on
Trial.
Continued to Have the Defendant Re
late His Version of the
Matter.
The suit of J. J. R&uer, the collector,
against Millionaire Walter Hobart was begun
In Justice Barry's court yesterday before a
large and .Interested 'audience.' During the
last horse show Kobert Archer, one of Hobart's
grooms, was injured by being kicked by a
horse belonging to John C. Kirkpatrick, man
ager of the 1-alnce Hotel.
Dr. Edwin Bunnell, one of ' the assistant
surgeons at the Receiving Hospital, was in
the audience and promptly took charge -of
Archer at Mr H ° bart ■ request, removing him
from the stall where he h»d been injured and
?Jh% Receiving Hospital. Later « when
Archer wns able to be about he attended him
at his room and sent a bill to the employer for
¥?»** ne da y s> attendance. Hobart re
lated to psy on the ground that he had ; not
nm *1 £& , the dance, and Dr.. Bunnell
put the bill in the hands of Raver for • collec
wl'th HobS rkpatrick WM made a codefendant
When the case came up yesterday the cage
T™ t^?h ss d ,, asto Kirkpatrick on the"how
i *}. V ne , had never npokento Bunnell about
A /f h n cr ' 8 f Injuries, or had any responsibility in
the matter beyond owning <he horse. •/ !
mc ?K a l'w wa * not Present; his agent 'explain- I
| ing that he is a very busy man. and not in the :
City at present, and after some testimony had I
been put ;u, io show that the millionaire had j
a Z a } l at Dr - Bunpellwaß a City employe !
and had intended to have ■ Arcner cared for at
the hospital, tne case was. continued to have
Hobart brought before the court to give his
to\ t n m a t h f% e la c 1 ° t e i . deeming Hnecessarv
j to the trial of the case.
' '_ NEW TO-DAY.
| Hnnyadi Janos |
AD The Prof.Dr. C.Marocco, of the University of Rome, writes: J*
gO . c Prof. Ihr. C Marecco, of the University of Rome, writct: JjT
« World's « A safeguard of Health
. jjQSI Free from any disagreeable ; or irritating effect." Jjl*
*| : .Natural L CAPTION: None genuine without the i*
-5S 'AtVp-ti a-n-f — 77~7 signature of the firm £
I Water **»?*£*»«'' |
HIGHBINDER TONGS
EMULATE TIE OWL
Sergeant Price's Posse Ousts
Them From Cellar
and Attic.
LAW FIRMS INTERFERE
Societies for Which Immunity
Is Demanded the Worst
in Chinatown.
HEATHEN HEARTS ARE HEAVY
The Police State That Lawlessness
Will Be Suppressed, Displease
Whom it May.
The heart of the wily heathen is sad,
and as far as is consistent with the digni
fied mien of injured innocence his coun
tenance wears a look of intense pain.
There are other parts of him that have a
pained feeling, too, tbe result of sundry
kicks and cuffs received from Sergeant
Price and his squad. Certainly the lines
of life of the various Chinese tongs have
fallen in tborny places.
The police have determined to make the
business of wielding the hatchet soonerous
for the almond-eyed gentlemen whose
headquarters are in various richly fur
nished apartments in Chinatown that
they will conclude to bury the weapon of
offense and take to an honest way of liv
ing for a change.
So far they have been successful. The
crusade of Monday was a fine starter.
Then nil the tones were visited, josses
knocked from their thrones to lie in hu
mility on the floor, and the burning punks
and sandaiwood extinguished with a liba
tion of the most costly Oolone tea.
In departing from their meeting places
the highbinders stood not on the order of
their going but went at once. They were
frequently accompanied to the foot of the
stairways by such inanimate objects as
chairs, tables and gayly colored slippers.
These latter frequently won the race to the
doors which led into the street.
Yesterday Sergeant Price and bis squad
of six men wandered round the Chinese
quarter seeking societies in session. Sev
eral places were raided, hut not nearly so
many as the day previously. The high
binders in general were not yearning for a
repetition of tbe scenes which had so thor
oughly disgraced them in the eyes of their
countrymen.
Now and then some friendly Chinese
would come to one of the squad and tell
him that a band of bloodthirsty coolies
had congregated in some dark cellar or
high attic for the purpose of concoctine
some devilish scheme or other, and a raid
would immediately be made upon that
place.
Out of the cellars would come the mem
bers of the bloodthirsty tongs in single
file, every man having a lead keeping it to
tbe best of his advantage. As they rushed
along the streets to places of safety t. c
wind whistled musically through their
swishing queues, but the sound was lost in
the frightened ejaculations of the wearer.
Sergeant Price says he is much bothered
by the emissaries of certain law firms in
town, who frequently stop him and his
men in the streets and threaten them with
suits for damages and arrest for battery.
"We have been placed here to suppress
the lawlessness that has resulted in mur
der and blackmail," said tne sergeant yes
terday, "and we mean to do our duty.
"We are not going to be deterred by
threats or anything else. The sentiment
of the community is with us in tdis en
deavor to make it safe to pass along the
streets of certain quarters, and no men
hired to protect these bloodthirsty rascals
can prevent us from doing so.
"The particular societies we have been
ordered to let alone on the ground that
they are benevolent orders are, in many
cases, the very worst ones in Chinatown."
A RETURN MATCH.
— 1
Captain Gill Is Negotiating for a Second
Contest With the Portland
' Athletes.
The chances of seeing the. Multnomah
athletic team perform in this City in Sep
tember or October are good.
Yesterday Leonard Gill, the captain of
the Olympic Club, received a telegram
from tbe secretary of the Multnomah Ath
letic Club which stated that the request of
Gill that the northern athletes visit this
City in Septemher, will be discussed at tbe
next meeting of the club and if the matter
is given favorable consideration the lovers
of good athletics will have an opportunity
of seeing Tallent, the great miler, measure
strides with Dave Brown of the Stanford
University, and Kerrigan, the wonderful
little jumper, clear sticks against Patter
son ot the Olympic Club.
It is said that the atbletes of the Mult
nomah Club, who anticipated something
of this sort in the way of a return
match, have been taking ligbt exercise
since the meeting which .was held in
Portland last month, and that unless the
atbletes of the Olympic Club are up
and doing the chances for a second victory
are favorable to the athletes of the north
ern club.
Gul says, however, that he can muster
a strong team and that Brown and Patter
son will certainly turn the tables on Tal
lent and Kerrigan, but then there is noth
ing certain in athletics and the Olympic
boys should not be too continent.
THE SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
Election of 0: fleers to Serve
During the Ensuing
Term.
C W. Pope Is the N°w Grand Presi
dent of the Pacific Coast District
of the Order.
The Grand Lodee of the Pacific Coast
District, order of Sons of Ht. George, as
sembled yesterday morning in the rooms
of the St. George Club, at 317 Mason
street.
Grand President William George, Mayor
of lirass Valley, called the meeting to
order, Edward Oliver officiating as grand ]
secretary.
Reports were received from the retiring
officers and the standing committees,
which were referred to special committees
to be appointed at the meeting to-day.
Following this matter, the meeting will
take up the amendment to the constitu
tion involving the continuance of the fu
neral fund.
Grand Secretary Edward Oliver re
ported an 8 per cen' increase in the finan
cial standing of the order, and an encour
aging increase in tbe membership roll.
The committee on credentials and the
committee on election returns reported I
that Henry Tregomic of San Jose was |
elected grand vice-president, Edward
Oliver of San Franci-co re-elected grand
secretary, Hubbard Jones of San Fran
cibco re-elected grand treasurer, John Hil
bert of Nanaimo, B. C, grand messenger,
John Nance of Butte City, Mont., grand
trustee.
C. W. Pope of this City was elected on
the floor yesterday afternoon as grand
president.
Grand President William George, F. D.
Brandon, acting grand president, and
Ri'V. J. Sims of Nevada City were all re
tired.
The followine appointments were made:
Charles Caddy of Montana, assistant
messenger; chaplain, William Shcaff of
Oakland ; inside sentinel, Robert Sharp of
Lkjs Angeles; outside sentinel, W. O.
Waterland of Alaraeda; assistant secre
tary, Thomas Poiser of San Francisco,
and John Nance of Butte City, Mont.,
grand trustee. These officers were regu
larly installed.
A Popular Song.
Charles F. Oliver of this City has made a hit
with his song, "Because I Had No Other Place
to Go."' which has been sung with great suc
cess before large audiences. The words are
bright, the music catchy and the talented au
thor and composer in one is to be congratu
lated on his ability in gauging the popular
taste.
: . _ _-'■ . NEW TO-DAY.
I=4 OF CUR
m£[: Specialties
*-«» AT
..as-. GUT PRICES
Trasses (mil kinds). $160
Elastic Stockings 2 60
Abdominal Supporters 2 60
Obesity Belts. 250
Ear H0rn5:....... ..............91 50, 600
folltzer 8ag5.................................. • 150
Galvanic or Faraalc Batteries...... $6 00 to $25 00
Crutches J..... ..... 250
Knbberand Plaster Bandages All prices
Searby's Bed Pan5........*........;......./..-.. $2 25
Shoulder Braces. ...:.". ...75c to ■ 2 00
Stomach Tubes .'.; ....-..5100 to 160
ice Bags 25c to 76
Electric Belts $5.00 to $25.00.
Don't pay fancy prices for Electric Belts until
you have seen ours. Our physician K ives consul- '
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
SB3MarltetStreet,
Sooth side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
TEE LADIES' GEL ROOM
OK THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET 31
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
ii^ShSHS;
monuf/nJSs^y *""•-» *n*-wlDd«l v, s*
i '. :'. ''NEW; TO-DAY. '■ '.
That Clutching
Sensation
at the Heart
is almost instantly dispelled
by a swallow of Vino-Kolafra, ;.
the African Tonic made from
Sterculia Nuts. Vino-Kolafra
governs heart action as the
fly-wheel regulates machin-
ery: it cures hysteria and
nervousness.
Vino-Kolafra
annihilates fatigue, gives
strength and tone to the body,
and rapidly builds up con-
valescents after severe illness.
A glance at the names of the
endorsers of Vino - Kolafra .
will convince you that it is a
product of unusual impor- :■
tance.
Sold by Druggists Generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co. - :
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents, - '-Z
02 William St., New York* , r
DOCTOR SWEANY
The indiscretions of youth, the excesses
of indulgence, the misery that is inherited .
— three things that are responsible for
nine-tenths of the ills of men — have been
the life-long study ot this eminent special-
ist. He numbers his cures by the thou-'
sands. Every hamlet on the Pacific Coast
has a living testimonial to his knowledge
and sfcill, and a single failure has yet to
be reported. Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Night Emissions,
Exhausting Drains, Gleet, Gonorrhea,
Stricture, Syphilis, Kidney, Bladder, Blood
and Skin : Diseases promptly and perma-
nently cured. Write if you cannot call.
Mail treatment entirely successful. Fri-
day afternoons he treats, free,' the poor."
Office hours : 9a.m.to 12 m., 2 to 5 and 7
to 8. p. m. • Sundays 10 a. i£. to 12 m. only.
Fl ' QU/PAUV MII 737 Market St..
. L. OWLRHT, 18. U., San Francisco. CaL
SPECIAL SALE
RQXBURY
BRUSSELS CARPET
laid yr pA
LINED,/ [JI, YARD.
4 Rooms Furniture, solid oak, $75.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
_._ __ HOUSE FURNISHERS,
747 Market Street. Opposite Grant At*.
Tklkphone 5391.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
_ FIREPROOF, "
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. ' .
100 single rooms. 100 room, with laths.
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private batht* •
JO minutes from business and theatrical centres., x§
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Rim*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in '
_ America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries takeeithef-
6th or 9th aye. " L ? ' to 66th St., or Broadway cablo
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 op. American plan, $3 op. Moat com- .
pletely nipped and most liberally managed hotd °
o ii a ,^ oH -* iso:< » i^- M "- ■
wiwwesnpenorliy tU?*' oc'beea
CWabaa been doe to menw «*2si*iot** **?*
: Eft - CfcleUcaUrt i-ocU.U DUBMAKruI
rENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
*^<~^>K". Original *" d ,. 0 1 ' G * >OBlB «- a
A<fi_ffSaL Uretjlil for ChiehrtCert En 9 li.\ /);.». iGV\
«C? <e? m * n<i Brand Id Hed *n<l Cold meullicVUV
jA SErrJ^2 bOXM - •• lll>J w ' ! <» Mi* ribbon. T«t« \§T
1/ *t^ y^jßo«tker. ft '. fu " dartftroM* lubltifi* V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEABNV; AND WASHINGTON : BTB -RB.
AY modeled and renovated. KING, WAUD&ca
European pl*n. . Kooms 6Uc to »i 60 per d.r «l
' o ™* B per weelc. . *«io»30 per mourn : Ire« bit Hi-
-45 SHOTWELL ST., IJEAR POURTEESTH
VTODEKM HOUSE, 8 BOOMS AND BATH IV
■ J.U first-class order, with stable; suitable forPny..
sician. Apply to G. H. O M BsKN *c O .
14 Montgomery »tr««t»STETSON TOOK
HIS OWN LIFE,
Coroner's Jury Declares It
a Case of Sui
cide.
TEMPORARY INSANITY .
Charles Hug Says His Friend
Was Greatly Perturbed
All Evening.
HOW HE WAS GOING HOME.
Miss Head Described the Manner in
Which Stetson Fired the
Shot
The death of Albert L. Stetson was
officially inquired into by the Coroner
v«st«rday. Charles Hup, the bosom friend
of the deceased, told of his visit to the
.». I Miss Head Illustrates the Manner in Which Sietson Shot Himself.
Orpbeum with Stetson on the night of the
tragedy, Mrs. Summervale told of her
visit to the same resort with Miss Amy
Hfed, and the latter recounted the grew
some details of the fatal occurrence up to
the very moment when the youne man
of tjie wo/ld placed a revolver to his head
and remarking, "This is the way I will
go home," sent a ball crashing through
his brain. Other witnesses of minor im
portance* told their stories and then a jury
of seven citizens retired to consider the
testimony. It was a conservative jury.
This the-jurors ?howed all through the in
quest by their cautious questioning, but
the testimony adduced all tended to one
result, tfnd after a deliberation of a little
over o half an hour a unanimous verdict
was reached, as follows: •
We find that Albert L. Stetson, aged thirty
years; nativity, California; occupation, rail
road manager; single; residence, 1801 Van
Xess avenue, City and County of Han Fran
cisco", came to his death July "24, 1896, at 235
Post street, said City and county, from cere
bral hemorrhage from gunshot wound of skull,
and we further nod that aald gunshot wound
was self-inflicted during temporary aberration
of hie mind.
Dr.° P. J.° H. Farrell was the first witness
exanjined. He was the physician called
to attend Stetson immediately after the
shooting. He testified that when he ar
rived the man was already unconscious,
and although he gave him immediate at
tention tbe injured man died In about
two hour* after'his arrival. He was un
conscious from the time the doctor first
«aw him. Dr. Farrell stated that he saw
blood on one of Miss Head's hands after
he had been there some time. There was
only a little coagulated blood about her
finger-nail?, indicating that her bands had
been washed since the blood got upon
them.
Coroner Hawkins asked the witness it he
did not remember his calling at the scene
of tbe killing on the morning of tbe occur
ence. The uhysician said be did. "Was
not Miss Head in the house at that time?"
asked the Coroner.
Dr. Farreli »aid she was, but explained
that he told the Coroner sb« was not as he
did not think she ought to be disturbed.
Charles Hug told of his meeting with
Stetson early on tne evening of the latter s
death. He met Btetson about 5 o'clock
and after having dinner Hug, Stetson and
P. 8. Samuels went to the Orpbeum. Stet
son Beemea very nervous.
After they had been in the theater about
half an hour Stetson called Hug's atten
tion to Miss Head and Mrs. Summervale
in a box. Soon afterward he left Hug and
Samuels and joined them. That was the
last he saw of Stetson until after the show,
when they met in the Columbia Cafe. He
accompanied Mrs. Summervale home,
walking part of the way with Stetson and
Miss Head. He seid he saw no signs of
Btotaon having been drinking heavily. He
then recounted the incidents of Miss
Head's summoning him about 1 o'clock to
Webster's room, where she said Stetson
had killed himself. When he arrived at
tbe rooms Stetson wan unconscious. He
immediately called Drs. Farrell, Terrill
and Morse.
Pr. George M, Terrill was called, but
threw no light upon the case, as Stetson
was dead when he arrived. In answer to
a question of Juror Blank the doctor
said from his examination of the wound
he did not see how it could hare been in
flicted by any one but the man himself.
He said Stetson was suffering from an af
fection of the liver, which was at times
very painful and would be apt to result in
a depression of spirits.
Frederick R. Webster, in whose rooms
the tragedy occurred, appeared as a wit
ness, though he knew little of the affair.
He said he had just arrived in San Fran
cisco Saturday, and had no personal
knowledge of the killing. He had known
btetson slightly and knew he was a friend
of Miss Head. In answer to a juror's
question he stated that Stetson had not
the entry to his rooms, though Mis« Head
had. He, however, would not have coun
tenanced her taking any gentleman to the
rooms.
Mrs. Summervale described the visit
i made by Stetson to the box which she and
| Miss Head were occupying at the Or
j pheum. '-After he left," she said. "Miss
Head said, 'Look what I haye.' I looked
and saw she had a pistol. I was very
much frightened. After he left she said
he baa invited us to the Columbia Cafe.
We went there and Miss Head laid the
i pistol on the table. Stetson started to
! take it and 1 said, 'I have been annoyed
j by that pistol all evening. Either put it
up or take out whai is in it or I will leave.'
I stepped to the door and I heard a click,
click, click. "When I looked around I saw
the cartridges on the table. Stetson said
he had been drinking absinthe for a
week."
Frederick S. Samuels corroborated the
story told by Hug of the visit to the
Orpheum.
Grove P. Ayers testified to having gone
to the room where Steison lay dead. In
answer to a question be said he knew of
no financial reason why Stetson should
take his life, as he could have had all the
money he needed and his affairs were all
straight.
J. M. Quay, the first man whom Miss
Head notified of the shooting and who re
fused to go to the roorj, explained that
when Miss Head knocked at his door and
said Stetson was dead he concluded it w^s
no place for him to be. He gave her some
advice and "then," he f sai«l, "I lonced my
door and went to bed.'' Quay's room is
immediately beneath that where Stetson
died, but the witness said he heard no
shot.
Armstead Smith, a very dignified colored
gentleman who is janitor of the building
where the affair occurred, had a very de
fective memory and could remember noth
ing material.
Miss Amy Head, in whose presence the
Bhootine was done, was next called. She
told of the visit with Mrs. Summervale to
the Orpheum and Stetson's visit to the
box. "I noticed he was looking bad," nhe
said, "and I said, 'How are you feeling,
Al?' He said, 'Bad; too much booze; too
much liquor. 1 As he turned around 1 faw
a pistol in his hip pocket. 1 induced him
to let me take it, as he was in no condition
to have such a weapon. I then placed it
in my lap, with my programme over it"
The visit to tbe Columbia Cafe was then
described. Here she persuaded Stetson to
remove four cartridges from the revolver.
I She asked nim if it was a ri\e-Bbooter. but
I he evaded the question. The visit to Web
ster'H rooms was next recounted. "I told
I Mr. Stetson I would have to go up to Mr.
Webster's room and get a dog," she eaid.
"Then he was going to take me home in a
coupe, as I live near him. Mr. Stetson
followed me into the room, and admired
the furniture.
"I said, 'This is not poing home. Come
on.' He said, 'This is the way I will co
home, Amy.' He placed the revolver at
i his head, I heard a report and saw him
fa!). I looked on my hand and saw blood.
I rushed down to see Quay. He refused
to go up to the room. Then I went for
Hug."
Dr. J. S. Barrett, autopsy physician, de
scribed tbe wound and the physical condi
tion of the body. L. 8. Berry, a hackman,
corroborated Miss Head's story of her
drive to Hug's residence.
The case was then given to the jury,
which consisted of C. A. Blank, foreman;
E. R. Tearce, John W. Wende, E. 0.
Janssen, John Henn, William J. Parrer,
S. H. Daniel and E. H. Rix. Their verdict
of suicide was approved by the Coroner.
Held to Answer.
W. Isham, a gripftian on the Hyde-street
cars, was yesterday held by Judge Conlan to
answer before the Superior Court, in $500
I bonds, on the charge of assault witb a deadly
I weapon. About three weeks ago Isham fired
several shots at E. C. Piuine, his brother-in
law, at Jones and O'Farrell streets, one bullet
taking effect in Plume's leg.
An Old Swindle.
Complaints have been received at police
headquarters that .'a- man has been selling
tickets for a bogus entertainment. The tickets
are for a concert and ball in Turn-Verein Hall,
under the auspices of - the Enterprise Club, for
the benefit of George main, ; said .to have
been injured at the drydock. It ii an old
dodge and always works well. ;
» ♦ — •
1 Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
ll urns', lft Oraul avenue,
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
FARES DECLARED
TO BE TOO HIGH
Complaints From a Mer
chant of the San Joa
quin Valley.
SEEKING FOR A REMEDY
Advice Asked From the State
Board of Railroad Com
missioners.
THE LATTER'S HANDS ARE TIED
Still Patiently Waiting for the De
cision of the Jndge of the
Circuit Court
Now comes a complaint from Los Banos,
in the San Joaquin Valley, and asks per
mission and guidance to lormulate charges
against the Southern Pacific Company,
based on excessive freights and fares on
what is called the west side branch of .the
Southern Pacific Railroad, and . .which
extends from Tracy to Fresno, with a
short spur from Collis to Armona.
Particular cause of complaint lies in the
passenger fare charges, which in no case
are less than 5 cents per mile, and between
some stations are as high as 6 cents per
mile.
. C. F. Bertholf, a prominent merchant of
Los Banos, "is the gentleman who is
anxious to champion the cause of his
fellow -sufferers before the Railioad Com
mission. His communication addressed
to the board reads as follows:
Hon. Board of : Railroad Commissioners, San
Francisco, Cat— Gentlemen: Will you kindly
inform me of the proper method of calling to
your official attention an imposition on the
part of the Southern Pacific Company which, I
think, properly comes within your jurisdiction
ana authority. ' - -
1 have reference to the freights and fares
(principally fares) imposed by: the Southern
'aciiic Company on what is known as the ban
Pablo and Tulare extension.
The regular passenger rate charged on this
line, which Is called a "branch," Is 5 cents per
mile. All trains, by the way, running on this
line are through trains with one exception.
If this matter should be presented prot>erly
by petition in order to receive your official
attention, please let me know and, if by ordi
nary complaint under oath by one individual,
please let me know, generally, the matter
necessary to be alleged in such complaint.
1 have tried for four years to get this matter
taken up by the papers in hones that some
action would be taken. I have also applied to
Governor Budd, and am referred to you, but
am totally ignorant of the proper method of
procedure. Therefor* I ask to intrude myself >
upon your good nature with the above request. i
Hoping for an early reply I am yours, very
respectfully, C. F. Bertholf.
Inquiry at the passenger department of
the Southern Pacific showed. that Berth- j
oil's complaint was well founded, so far as
the rate per mile on this "branch" beinsr 5
cents. The following table shows the dis
tance between all the points on the Tracy-
Fresno brand) and the fare charged. The
figures opposite each town show the dis
tance and fare from the preceding town, j
taking Tracy as the starting-point: >. .
' • ' Fare In
Place— Mileasre. Cents.
\>rnall«. ..;.'. 10.20 65
Westley... 7.90 40
Emerald 6.70 30
Crows Landing tt.3o 35
Newman. , 6.30 35
(Justine .. 4 20
Leonora 3.40 ¥0
iDgomar 2.50 " 15
Volts. 6 40 36
Los Banos 4 70 35
Acatha..... 7.90 40
DosFalos .... 4.70 -25
Oxalis. 6.b0 35
Firebaugh.. 6.*0 * 35
Mendola 8.40 45
White's Bridge 2.6) 15
Jameson 7.30 40
C0. U5..... 8.60 45
Kolinda. ; 6.50 80
Pnitton , ...4 20
Fresno. 5.89 " 30
The following table gives the same in
formation relative to the Collis- Armona
branch, taking Collis as the starting-point:
Fare In
Place— Mileage. cents.
McMullm 6.70 35
Ornius C.40 30
Curulhers ..'. 5.60 HO
Cando. 6.10 !*5
Lillis 3.80 'JO
Hard wick.. . .............' 2.40 • 15
Armona 6.37 35
It was further stated at the Southern
Pacific headquarters that there are other
branches on'which the 5-cent rate was
charged, and this was due to the small
volume of business (Obtained along them.
On the particular line tinder attention the
through rate from Tracy to Fresno is
based on the 3-cent rate, and only local
traffic between the poi..ts specified "in the
foregoing tables was tubjected to the
hieher rate.
When asked why this particular section
was selected for the imposition of the s
cent rate one of the officials stated the
position of the company as follows:
"Why is it the >*ew York Central can
afford to handle business at a less rate
from New York to Buffalo than it can be
handled by t!ie roads running westward
out of Chicago? Simpiy because the ter
ritory between New York and Buffalo is
practically one continuous well populated
settlement. It is the same on the Penn
sylvania road. Those old communities
are all built ut> and the local business is
something tremendous.
"As you work West the settlements are
not quite so thick through Ohio, Indiana
or Illinois, but when you Ret west of
Chicago through lowa, Nebraska and Wy
oming the settlements are even more
sparse. It is the same in California. Take
down the coast division. We have got
stations every few miles, and our rates are
very low between San Francisco and San
Jose, a distance of fifty niiles.lor which we
charge $1 25 or 2% cents per mile, and bo
between other points, many of the rates
being less than they are outside of Chi
cago.
"Our Jocaljrates and our commutation
rates particularly, are less out of San
Francisco than they are out of Chicago.
TCe Illinois Central, with its big suburban
traffic, charges 3 cents a mile for subur
ban hauls. Our rates in the valleys here
and along our old settled lines down the
coast division, with the exception
mentioned, are 3 cents a mile, ihe same as
Illinois, Ohio, lowa and all the thickly
populated cities of the East.
"We go to work and build a new line
down the west side where there is virtually
no local business. Now we cannot afford
to run trains down there where we have
practically no business as cheaply as
where we have a considerable business. It
is just the same as selling wholesale and
retail. You can afford to sell more cheaply
in large quantities than in small."
As the Railroad Commissioners left for
San Drego yesterday to investigate the
complaint of the citizens of that city
against the California Southern Railway
in connection with the Temecnla Canyon
washed-out road, no action can be taken
in tbis connection until their return.
It is not probable that any attempt will
even then be made to go into the matter,
as the Commissioners consider their hands
completely tied by the temporary injunc
tion granted by Circuit Judge McKenna.
They will not feel themselves privileged
to take any action in regulating freights
and fares until Judge McKenna renders
his decision in the case of the Southern
Pacific Company against the Railroad
Commission, and it U known that the
Judge has not even begun the task of re
viewing the eviasnee and arguments in
that case much less the writing of the de
cision.
MAHER AND CHOYNSKI.
The Irishman I* Afraid to Meet The
Latter in This City.
Maher and his manager, Connelly, held
a conference yesterday with Joe Choynski
who had just returned from Howell moun
tains, at which place he has been rusticat
ing for some weeks.
Connelly was the spokesman. He stated
to Choynski that his ultimatum was $6000
or nothing.
"Peter and I," said Connelly, "came out
here under conditions that Maher would
box Choynski ten rounds and that the
winner was to get the full amount of the
purse offered.
"We found on our arrival that the Na
tional Club could not pull off the contest,
because the Supervisors refused it a per
mit, and here we have been waiting and
waiting, in the hope that some of the
clubs which had been granted a license
would give a purse of the same amount as
the National Club. During our stay in
this City I have received disnarches from
my partner that one of the clubb of New
York would tuve $6000 for a meeting be
tween Choynski and Maher, and under
the circumstances I think we would be
foolish to accept a lesser sum to box in
this City."
Choynski agreed that Connolly was
right in one particular, but he added that
a bird in the band was worth two in the
bush, and emphatically stated that if
Maher had the remotest idea of meeting
him he must fight in this City for a purse
of $4500, and that a return fight could be
pulleo off in New YorJt City.
Connolly failed to see the point, and
said that If a return match took place in
New York City the sports would not give
anything like $6000 for the mill.
Choynski smiled and said that if there
should be such a big demand for fighters
as Connelly predicted tne New York
sports would certainly give $6000 or more
for a return match. Maher entered a big
"kick" and said that he was disgusted
with the way in which the Calif ornians
treated him and would take his departure
for New York right away.
The general opinion is that the Irish
man is afraid to meet the native son in
this City and is therefore anxious to get
back to New York.
DINED IN THE WARDROOM
Naval Battalion Officers En
tertain the New Major-
General.
The Table Was Laid en Board the
Old Historic Monitor
Camancbe.
Tne wardroom stores of the old Ca
manche were ransacked for their finest
last erening, for the officers of the Niival
Battalion dined on board the monitor with
Major-General H. T. James as their guest
| of honor.
The affair was for the double purpose of
meeting socially with tbe new command
ing general, and discussing some system
of discipline by which the battalion might
take the most advantage from its posses
sion of the old monitor.
Lieutenant-Commander Turner has or
dered that dinner be served on board for
the officers every drill night, so that plant*
ior the evening may be fuily arranged be
fore the men come on board tor anil.
Lieutenant Will Elliott, battalion adju
tant, who "with Lieutenant-Commander
Turner, arranged for the affair last even
ing, was appointed permanent caterer to
tbe officers' mess.
George i\ Inllman, an ex-naval officer
who is a candidate for the command of the
tirst division, was also a guest at the din
ner.
IN THE REALM OF LABOR
Garment-Makers Will Use livery .Ef
fort to Abolish the Sweat-
Shop System.
At the regular meeting of the Garment
makers last night a communication was re
ceived from Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald
relating to the system of sweatshops now in
vopue in this City. It was decided to give Mr.
Fitzgerald all the assistance that an organized
body of men are capable of in breaking up this
system. The association will endeavor to find
all proprietors of such shops snd push the
matter br far »s it is possible according to the
Ihw. Last night's was the largest meeting that
has ever becu held by this organization.
Next week tne mriiiiure-workers will ap
point two delegates to atend the woodwork
ers' convention, which will be held at Detroit,
MlctL, on October 5.
TheCen'ral Committee of the Socialist Labor
party section of San Francisco discussed last
night district organization and the action to
be taken at the municipal convention, to be
held uext Sunday at ihb Temple, 115 Turk
street.
The Journeymen Barbers' International
Union of America, local union No. 27, at their
regular meeting laft night discussed the ques
tion of early closing and what -measures
should be taken to gain this end. They also
denounced the five-cent barber-shops around'
town as being detrimental to the legitimate
trade, and condemned the barbers' college,
which they said floods the City with inexperi
enced barbers. It was renorted that the union
was steadily increasing in membership.
DELINQUENT TAXES.
The Auditor's Report to the State Con
troller fur the Year 1895 Was
finished Yesterday.
The Auditor's annual report to the State
Controller of the delinquent taxes for the year
1803 was ft., shed yesurday and sent to the
Stale capital. It shows that the value of the
resl phtate on which tajce* are delinquent is
.*1,54G,102. while the personal property on
which taxes huve not been paid amounts to
f2.700.604.
The State* portion of the delinquent taxes
on real estate amounts to $12,045 82, while
$19,115 64 is due it on the unpaid personal
property tax.
lii-jUM-iinu the Heads.
As the result of an inspection male outside
the Heads on baturday last, by Federal officers
and Congressmen, additional safeguards to the
harbor entrance will be asked of the next Con
gress. Captain Sears of the United States sur
vey steamer McArihur invited Congressman
Loud, Senator Per Kins. Captain \\. L. Merry
Captain Rogers of the Geodetic Survey and
others to take the trip and see for themselves
the improvements needed. The party in
cpeeted the buoys on the newly discovered
rock on the north of the channel and also at
Mile Rock. !t was found that the bell at the
latter point did not operate, because of the
lightness of the swH 1 , It was agreed unani
mously that mm ctru- bell acd iights were
an ab6oluie urct* ny lor Mile Rock, and a
recommendation to thai end win be made
There is a probability that the new rock on the
north side of the channel will be removed
soon.
The Church Goes Free.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the judg
ment of the lower tribunal in the case of
Thompson & Williams against Grace Metho
dist EDiscopal Church to recover $425 25 for
street work done in the vicinity of the church.
The work was held to be improperly done by
the Supervisors, and because of that fact the
church refused to pay the contractors for their
labor. In the lower court the contractors con
tended that they had fulfilled their contract
and demanded judgment accordingly. The
court found, however, that the church'had not
made a legal contract with the workmen, and
this, with the fact that the work had not been
ace -p ted, was taken as sufficient ground for a
verdict in the Cdurch's favor.
The Durrant Appeal.
As previously announced iv The Cau, the
bill of exceptions In the case of The People
against William Henry Theodore Durrant will
be filed in the Clerk's office of the Supreme
Court to-day. The transcript ig the largest
document of the sort ever filed in this
State, consisting of 2509 closely type-written
pages.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Big Watermelon Run of tbe
Terminal City Wheelmen
August 9
Kraft, the Bay City Flier, Will Try
for the Twenty-Mile Road Record
en That Occasion.
Frank H. Kerrigan, president of the Bay
City Wheelmen and chief consul of the
League of American Wheelmen in this
State, left Sunday on a month's vacation
and will spend it wheeling in different
parts of the State.
Tbe next meeting of the board of govern
ors of the California Associated Cycling
clubs wiH be held Saturday evening Aug
ust 1, at the rooms of the Reliance Club,
Oakland. Important business is to be
transacted, including the changing of the
date of election of officers, changing date
of tbe annual relay race and awarding the
annual uarade, for which latter feature
the Santa Rosa Wheelmen and Garden
City Cyclers are both striving.
Tbe Imperial Cycling Club is raffling an
1896 Rambler bicycle, recently won in a
voting contest by their late member,
James 8. Dawson. the proceeds to be do
nated toward the purchase of a suitable
headstone for his grave. The tickets are
limited to 200 and are 50 cents apiece.
Charles M. Nutter of the Bay City
Wheelman, has just returned from an ex
tended wheeling trip through Santa Clara
and Santa Cruz counties.
The five-mile handicap road-race of the
Golden Gate Cycling Club last Sunday at
San Leandro resulted as follows:
I
CONTESTANT.
Handicap. Rul £ g " T ime
1 Robert Black
2 v\\ J. Black
8 J. Wclntvre
4 H. Knell
6 T. R0derick.. ........
6 H. Bewelcke.
7 C Vmfr«L :.
8 K. 8. ( ookaon
9 H. Wilt
10: W. Madden
11 A. I* Weber..
13 J. Cneaney..;. .......
IS J. F. Green...
14 D, Frank1in..........
:50 14:02
scratch 13:11
■.•20 18:40
Ah * 14:21
1:25 r < 15:11
1:00 14:46,
:20 "14:09
:50 15:ia-
c ::45 . .15:20
:20 • -15:04
:50 15:34
:40 . 15:24
:4U 15 :•-'.■»
scratch 15:00 3-5
The Terminal City Wheelmen of Stock
ton are making great preparations for
their big watermelon run on Sunday,
August 9, and have invited all the clubs
for miles around to attend, including all
tbe San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose
clubs, a large number of which will accept
the invitation and go up on tbe boat leav
ing here tbe Saturday evening previous.
They have made arrangements to accom
modate 500 wheelmen, and an enjoyable
time is anticipated.
The road riders of the Acme and Reli
ance clubs of Oakland are in active train
ing for their respective road races next
Sunday at San Leandro.
Charles A. Kraft of the Bay City Wheel
men will siionly try for the twenty-mile
road record, using the course over which
the third and fourth relays are run.
New Corporations.
The Blame Gold Mining Company was yes
terday incorporated by E. N. Liudsay, E. B.
You i. g, A. D. Bowley, Charles Ospin and James
Moore. The capital stock is $200,U00, of which
$13,231 has been paid up.
J. 11. Wallace, H. J. Small, H L. Stevenson,
G. W. Peer and Joseph Musgrove Incorporated
the Hartrnan Mining Company with a capital
stock of $60,000, of which $26,500 has been
paid up.
The John Horstman Company was incor
porated by John Horstman. William J. Horst
man. Henry C. Hocke, Johanna Bernhnrd,
Hattie L. Haoke and Eonile C. Horstman. The
paid up capital stock ia $100,000.
For Goods Delivered.
C. K. Hovey & Co. of Boston, Mass., yeater
day entered suit against Gcrson Nathan of
Nathan, Bachman & Co. for ¥1892 19, for
Roods said to have been sold and delivered to,
but unpaid ior by tbe defendant.
FRIENDS FAILED
TO RECOGNIZE HER.
Mrs. Hadix So Changed in Ap«
pearancs That She Hard'.y
Knew Herself.
She Says the Secret of the Great Change
and Her Present Good Health Is
Due to the Use of Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills— '-Ihi-r Prominent
Citizens Testify to the Merits
of This Remedy.
"You don't know me! Well, I am not sur
prised at that. I hardly know myself, and yet
nere lam full of life and vigor. Look at mv i
arms, round, strong and healthy. The color of j
my cheeks show life and animation."
So spoke Mrs. HRdix, wife of Rev. E. Hadix
oi Placervilie, Cal., and "what has produced
this wonderful chan.pe from almost death to
healthful, active life?"
"Well,! will tell yon. it was Pink Pills for
Pale People. You will remember that for
years I walked the streets a living skeleton—
emaciated— weak and a complete wreck. My
flesh colorless, my nerves unstrung. I had no
blocd. If my flesh was punctured a thin pink
stain was all that could be produced. My
physicians ?aid there was no hope for me. My
friends despaired of my recovery. I was nent
to Sacramento, where three of the niostemi
u-'iit phvs'cians d'.agnozed my case, but they
shook their heads and ?ald they could not
help me, and they refused to take my money,
as they Ooold do me no good.
"My'husbind was sent for to say the last
footi-Dy. When I lay on my couch to re«t
felt as though I wus sinking, down, down,
down. I could not sleep, neither could I
rest. When all hope from physicians was
gone I determined to try what virtue there
was in Pink Pills for Pale People. I com
menced taking them and soon began to im
prove. I continued their use with the
result that to-day I am fully recovered to
health and happiness, and this in less than six
month" from the time f commenced their use.
All hail to Pink Pills for Pale People.'
J. C. Stephens, another resident of Placer
vilie, said: ''I was afflicted with rheumatism
for more than twenty years, and only with the
greatest difficulty was I able to walk to my
place of business. My hands were so stiff and
swollen that I could scarcely hold anything in
them. When driving my team I could not
hold my whip. I saw in the San Francisco
Call that a friend of mine had been cared of
rheumatism by usinc Pink Pills. I commenced
using them, with the result that I am com
pletely cured."
Mrs. J. G. Bailey was afflicted for a long
time with kidney trouble and could not rest
nights. She s.tltl : "I had heurd so much
about the wonders that Pink Pills performed
that I concluded to try them. I commenced
taking them, and found immediate relief,
sleep nicely, and in every way am greatly im
proved."
I W. V. Fairchild is a druggist doing business
in Placervilie. He says he has been selling
Pink Pills for Pale People for several years
and that his customers bpeak very' highly of
them, and s-ales have been more than doubled
within the last six months, especially since
the wonderful recovery of Mrs. Hadix, whose
case was considered hopeless, ana whose re
covery by the use of pink pills was considered
a'most a miracle- The reputation of these
pills Is fully established for doing what they
promise.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements necessary to
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are an unfail
ing »peoiflc for such diseases as locomo'or
aiaxia, partial paralysis, St. Vnus' dance,
sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous head
ache, the after-effect of la grippe, palpitation
of the heart, pale and sallow complexions, all
forms of weakness, either in male or female.
Pink Pills are sold by all dealers, or will be
a«nt postpaid on receipt of price, 50 cents a
tox, or six boxes for $2 50, by addressing Dr.
'V.lilams Medicine Company, Schenectady.
'"NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
CmffljjPAßlS!
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALES.
THE LATEST AND BEST OPPORTUNITY TO BUY
HIGH-CLASS COLORED DRESS GOODS
AT NOMINAL PRICES.
The following items will give you a slight Idea of the TREMENDOUS
CUTS throughout the stock. ALL NEW GOODS:
ALL-WOOL MIXED SUITINGS, regular 60c quality, for. OCC PER
-' :........... . ■.....'... *JO YARD
ALL-WOOL NOVELTY SUITINGS AND FIGURED MOHAIRS, regular 65c OCC PER
quality, to clear at ..— OO YARD
SILK AND WOOL AND ALL-WOOL NOVELTIES, all choice colorings, regular I7FS3 PER
#1 25 and $1 50 quality, f0r...... ••••:•• *-* YARD
All our HIGH-GRADE (exclusive) DRESS PATTERNS at.HALF PRICK.
REMNANTS! REMNANTS!
Thousands of ODDS and ENDS, LONo' and SHORT REMNANTS in WAIST, SKIRT »nd
DRESS LENGTHS of all the FINE PLAIN and NOVELTY FABRICS
AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE.
SIZE KCABIjA. ESFAKTOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VIIjTjEi X>E! PARIS. .
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Don't
Answer
That Letter
ON SHABBY NOTE PAPER.
SPECIAL SALE
OF BOXED PAPER.
Royal Belfast Linen, 48 shee s paper. 48 en-
■ - "velop<«<>, was 60c, n0w........ .....:. ..270
Grecian Plate Finish. 48 sheets paper, 48 en-
velopes, was 50c. now 300
Real Irish Linen, 24 sheets paper, 24 envel-
opes, wait 35c, d0w........ .............16c
W RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
■killed mechanics, a specialty.
813-820 MARKET S 7.
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly: Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
?l^&i'iß Big ** is * non-poisonous
*ds^B9* o^^^Mfl remedy tor Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
££&& r in 1 to s d»j-«.\l Whites, unnatural dis-
ffßlSSf : Quruiu«l V charges, or any infiamma-
-s**»H cot to stricture, tion. irritation or ulct-ra-
-2*~sfPr«»cnu contagion, tion of mucous mem-
RikIrHEEvANSCHEMiritCo. br » ne «- Non-astringent.
TfSgvCINOimTI.O m I Sold by »ru«;l*tc,
Mts>^v V. S. x. jrfPa or sent in plain .ripper,
.aS&STSw °T express, prepaid, for
AS3B|BfeH^Po 0 8l 11.00, or 3 Dottles, &7\
, T^EBfiV., m ; Circular sen* 0r. .-» rtart..
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
Atlantic
Pacific
Trains leave and arrive M B©«S^Ss^»*
Uarket-Str««t lerrj. *=-•; g*g^&
S.WTA R HPIEBS. 1
To Chicago via A. «!t ''•CSSsS^frSg^Oi
Direct Lino ' *i*<fcili ''tV' 1 HJtjj
leaves every day at 5 p. m., carry iiik l*ullm«n
Palace Drawing-room : Sleepers, I also Modern I p.
bolstered Tourist sleeping-cars, '.with clean linen
and beddinf and in chaise of a porter; run dally
through !• Chicago via Kansas City. - Annex cars
for Denver and St. Loui*.*»UtMit4p<i'S&!W>if&a&atm
■•• Personally ■ conducted > Boston Excursions via
Kausaa • City, Chicago, Montreal and Use White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. - : .
The best railway; from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery:
and rood meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— o44 Market Street,
■ Chronicle Building.
: Telephone Main. 1531.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
• ;•: (Vis Sausalito Ferry).
From Ban Francisco, Lomninnclng j uue 15. ; 1896.
WEEKDAYS. -
For ; Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7 -.00, »B<oo
•9:15 lOtlS, 11:46, a. M.: ">l;i6, 3:uO, *:15,
6:16, «ti:0O, 6.35 F. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
day* and Saturdays at 1 1 : 30 p. it.
• . SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Ralael-»8:00, •9:00,
•10:00. 11:30 a. m.;**i-3j, *l:3O. *2:15 •4 : 04
6-3°. 3:45, 8:30 p. m. ILxtra trip to Sauialltoat
11 JOO a. ** '*^Tr*^BttdßHißW^B(WhntflßpPTOM*y^irrftri
Trains ; marked ' • run •to San ■ Qventln. ••12:M
w. v. does not ran to Mill Vail"*-.
;'■■■:-■■■ THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana \ way stations— B :oo a. x.
Saturdays: Ba.il Sundays; 6:18 p. m. weekdays.
■ «' I * olnt Reyes. Caaadero and way staHoai—
iiOO a. U. Sondays; 1;4B r. m. wnekdnra. ■-_ ■
RAILROAD TRAm:
ROCTUEBX PACIFIC CO3IPANT.
■ , (PACIfIO HYBTEM.)
Train* 'leave and are duo fa arrive at
MAN JFItAKCISCO.
(.eatk — From Jpxe 7. 1896. — arrivi
*6:OOa Nileg, San Jose and Way SUtiona . . . 8:45 a
7:»0a Atlautio Express, (Jgdeu and Hast.. »*43»
7:00 a Besida, VacaviUe, liumsey. Sacra*
raeuto, Oroville and Redding via
Saris 0:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Eosa 6:13*
• ::»Oa Niles, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, MarysTillo and Red
Uliift 4ilsp
•Ss3Oa Peters and Mi1t0n..... «7:15p
•>UOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.o* Angeles 4 :4 5 r
»:00a Martinez and Stockton Jl:4sa°
9:OOa Vallejo 6:15p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livonuore 8:45 a
•I:OOp Sacramento HlTpr Steamers ........ *O:OOp
1 1 : 3Op Port Costa and Way Stations r7»4»p
•|:OOi" Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Calistoga, El Verano anc
Sautaßosa 9:15 a
*J»Op Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysYillG,
Oroville and Sacramento I*»4JJ a
4:80r Nilos, San Joso, Livermore and
Stockton 7.... 7tlsp
4:S#r MoTced, Berenda, Raymocd (for
- Yosemite) and Fre5n0............ 11:43 la
3:0»p New Orleans KxpreM.l'resno, Bakers*
<ield. Santa Harbiira. J.os Angelet,
Den iii:g, £1 Paso, New Orleans ana
2ast 10:13 a
BiOOp Santa' Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East.... IC:l3a
StOOp Vallejo Hi4sa
«:OOp Kuropeau Mail, Ogden and Hast.... 9:45 a
- •«:OOp HnynarOs. Nile* and San Jose .7:43 a
|7:OOp Vallejo tT:43p
7:00r Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
yiile. Redding, Portland, l'uget
- sound and Kast 10:48 a
v _ SANTA <;ut!Z IU V !*■;».> (Narrow «Jange).
, (7:15 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Baota Cruz
and Principal Way Stations .. JBrt3p
• :15a Newark. Centervillt;,S:iii.loBe,FeltoD,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
5Uti0n5....:...:. 3:tJ«p
•»:15p Newark, Ce'iterville, San Jose. Now
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5................. "llxaOA
f itlßp Newark, San .lose and I .on < ; «ton If9:SOA
COAST IU VISION (Tliii.l A Tounsend St«.)
•6:43 a Sau Jose an.l Way Stations (New
AlmaUen Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
17:3#a Sunday Excursion for " San Josa, '
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations £3:35
lilßaShii Jose, Tres l'iuos, .Santa Crux.
*»acil;o Grove. Paso Rubles, Sac .
J.uis Obtspo, Guadalupe and Prin-
' Tipal Way Stations 7rO3p
, 19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fliBop
Jo:4Oa Nun Jo-" "Sid Way Stations.. «:OOp
1 1:30 Pull* Alto and Way Stations 3:30?
■2:3t>r San Matoo, Henlo Park, Saa .lose, -
Gilroy, Trea Pinos, Hanta Crus, -
. ! Salinas,Montereyn)idPaclOcGrove *IQ«4Oa
•8::iop San Jose, Paciiio Grove and Way
Stations ; •l;3O*
•4:30p San Jose <*ud Way Stations ■ »»:OOa
3:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations - *8:4»a
6:3Oi> San Jose and Way Stations . O::»rSA
>H:43i» 8»n .loaouiiil Way Stntloua t?:4.~M-
' SAX LKA.?iUK4> AM) IUVWARIK LO<:aLT~
«>0:OOa1 " ■ ( 7:15 a
8:OOa ; \ ■-. (!I:13a
IO.OOAI Melrese, Seminary Park, ' Jf3S A
'"$& Fitcnbur^SauLc.ndro • »•*£
*Sg Howard.. •;«;
7:»0p ! v- R:4VP
9-OOp '* Runs through to NUM. 1 loldVt
rtll;l»p; « From Niles. - imS:oor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY, -
From SaN iTUSOISCO— of Market Street (Slip S)—
•7:10 0:00 11:OQA.M. |1:00 *2:00 *3:CC
•i:00" 15:00 •6:COr.M. .
rroaClllAKD— FootorßroiiiH/.— s 0:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. $13*0 *l:00 18:00 *3:00 Ji:CC
*j:oop.m. - ' ■■■*•' ; - ; ■ -
A for Mcrning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. i Saturdays only
. t Sundays only. ■
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturdays end Sundays for Santa Cruz.
*' r Rnndn.vs and Mond»r" from Santa Crn»-
SMFRAPSCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
! WEEK DAYS— :3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:SSl
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at I:S§
and 11:30 p.m.
j 6UNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.: 1:30, 3:3 a
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
" San Kafael.to San Francisco.
! WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A M.-'
. 12 :45, :40, 5 :10 p. M. Baturdays-Hxtra trips
at 1:55 p.m. and 6:35 p.m. v
SUNDAYS— 7:35, 9: id, 11:10 a. m.; I:4a 3: *
6:00, 6:25 P. M. . .
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Park aaroa
schedule as above.
.. •Leave : m effect" i Arrive r ~~
Ban Francisco. 2°*"^; San Francisco.
' Wekk i Son- j. e i?^f,i o -j Sim- I-Wiu"
j Datb. [ days. "estlnatloa^ PAY 9. , | . Days.
■ 7:30 am 7:30 am Xovato, . 10:40 AM' 8:40 am
i 8:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 PMJ 6:15 pm
• - -. I Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
lHealdsburg,
. I Geyser yUle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 nc
' " Pieta,
7:30 am Hoplaad & 10:10 am
B:3opm, 1 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 PM 6:lspm
! 7:3oam - i : 10:10 am
7:30 am Gviernevllle. 7 :30 :;
3:30 PM ! ...... . 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 fm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. |, 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Plea Ellen. | 6:0B pm| 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7:30 am j BebMtODol 110:40 AM 1 10:10 AM
8:30 pm|6:oo pm| ■.? c ° >a > o<>V0 <> V | 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect .at i Santa Rosa ; for Marie i West
! Springs; at Geyservllle ■ for i^kaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for > Highland
Springs, Kclseyville, Soda Hay and JLakepon; at
Hopland for Lali:eport I and Kartell Springs: at
j Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bluo
: Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
' Valley. John -~ Day's, '< Riverside," I.ierley's, * Back*
: Dell's, ■ Sanhedrln . Heights. HullviHe, Boonevllle,
-Greenwood; Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino . City,
Tort Bragg, Westport, Usal, WUlets, (Junto, C*>
: Telo, Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Knreka.
i Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
•tatea. •--■'".«. -«c -.-; -■.•.-•■•■■..;•-. ■,-,
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
< yond San Rafael at half rates. MHMtIfIMBjJBH|
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldlnt
■ B. C. WHITINO, ' R, X. RYAIf,
1 Gea. Maoaaet. QSA ?asv Agenfc
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MM.MAia OF THIS M.AKKISTS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat weaker. Barley steady.
More activity in Oats.
Yellow Corn lower.
Kyi-dull and unchanged.
Hay weak and in heavy supply.
Means nezlected and nominal.
Seeds dull.
FeedstufTs unchanged.
Flour quoted as before.
Considerable change in Canned Fruits.
Prunes firm. Dried Apricots advancing.
Peaches and Berries in large supply.
Melons lower.
Potatoes higher. Onions firmer.
Butter in good shape.
Cheese higher. Kggs very firm.
I'onltry depre sed.
Pork and its products lower.
Hides and leather unchanged.
Wool demoralized.
Hops neglected.
THE FRUIT EXCHANGE.
At a meeting of the board of directors of the
Fruit Kxchange it was decided that Thursdays of
each week be designated "Bale Days," ses
sions to be held at the exchange at 10
a. M-, the first session Is to take place
on July 30. At these sessions dealers who are
members may present and display samples of any
class of fruit or produce they may have for sale.
■ Memoranda of green fruit or produce con
signments to arrive may also be given to the
secretary and will be posted on the bulletin for the
Information of buyers. The trado generally, not
members of the exchange, are Invited to attend,
■ "arid It is hoped by ibis means to establish a reli
able market and save much time by concentrating
business, thus obviating the necessity of trading
from store to store as at present. It is not intended
that ihis business shall be confined to carload lots,
but Wiat samples of gooas may be presented from
which sales may be made in any quantity to suit
the pnrchaser. It Is believed that by this system
mure business can be transacted within an hour
* tfiab in a whoie day under the present mode and
will relieve the seller to a great extent of the con
stant and all-day stream of dealers to store and
oflice. many of whom call at Inopportune times,
merely to obtain quotations on which t o base pur
chases or sales, which would eventually be done
away with and result in an economy oftme to
both buyer and seller.
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
cam tall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during. the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
' therms, or dotted linen, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually aecomDanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, arid is usually preceded
ami accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
••Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
. arid low alone the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
. weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
TJxtted States Depabtmknt of Agbictjli
tube. Wkatheb Bubkau, San i bancibco. July
28, 1896, 5 p. v. . Weather con ditione and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
EureKa 62, Fresno 90, San Diego 7*, Red Bluff
B*. San Luis Obispo 72, Yuma 100, San Francisco
63, Los Angeles 78.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 63,
minimum 56, mean 60.
An area of low temperature is central over the
Upper Missouri Valley. The pressure Is also low
over Eastern Oregon. During ,th« past twenty
four noura there has been a ■marked rise over
Montana and a slight fall over Utah, Nevada and
the central coast of California. An area of high
pressure appears to be coming in at Tatoosh
. Island. ' . |innwffMllllMßwl
The temperature has risen from Oregon south
eastward to Utah. It has fallen slightly along the
coast of California.
Rain has fallen in Utah, Montana, Southern
Idaho and Northwestern Texas..
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty hoars
ending midnight, July 29. 1898:
Northern California— Wednesday along
the coast, fair inland; warmer in the northern
portion; northwesterly winds on the coast, varia
ble winds becoming northerly in the va leys.
Southern California— Fair '• Wednesday, light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday. • • .
Utah— Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday except in extreme
southeastern i onion, where showers are probable;
continued hiKh temperature.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather
Wednesday; light southwesterly winds, changing
to fresh northwesterly. . •
Alexander O. McApik,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW yoKK SIAfiKKCS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 28.— Speculation at the
Stock Exchange was depressed by weakness.
Condon was a heavy seller, throwing | overboard
' something like 16.000 shares of various stocks,
and this, with . the sales : for local professional ac
count, kept, the market weak. throughout. ' The
political outlook was not considered favorable so
far as the hard-money men are concerned, and the
~ failure o place the . New York and Brooklyn City
; gold bonds also bad some influence with timid
holders of stocks. While there was some disposi
tion in cer.aln quarters to credit the small . bidding
I for bonds, to currency agitation leading bond
dealers were inclined . to believe that the time se
lected to sell the bonds was most inopportune.
In the first place,' a good many investors who
usually buy this kind of security are ont of town.
Again, the banks have no special, use for a short
time bond and they can do i»etter ov placing their
funds In new Government fours which run until
' 1925 and can serve* as. a basis for circulation.
Some dealers were of the opinion that the matter
- had been woeful. mismanaged, and asserted that
when the bonds an- offered in the fall there will be
BO question about the success of the issue The
cutting of corn rates by the Western roads 'hurt
the grangers and the selling was more confident
than of late. . ■• •
Boar operators were not sow 'to take advan
tage of the unfavorable developments and
practically near the close when a drive
was* made against Manhattan, Western • Un
ion and the Grangers.- Van decline in ' prices
. ranted from Vi to 3i/ 8 per cent, r Consolidated Gas
dropped 31/8 to 1415/ 8 : : Sugar. 2&% to 101 1/2: Bur
lington and Ctulncy, 1% toB3y 2 ; Cblco Gas. 2Va to
50 "V. **>»• Paul. 2»/i to 6 *£: K<>ck Island, 1% to
- . r ;43/i: Delaware and Hudson, 2 to 120: i lowa < en
tral preferred, 2 to 22; Manhattan, UVfe to 83%;
New Jersey Central, 1% to 90%; and Leather
preferred, 2Vs to **' 5 / 4- «, , .
In the Inactive shares Nickel Plate - first ure
ferreil. sold at 67% against 73, the last previously
reported transaction. ' Speculation ~ closed weak.
■: Net ■ -iiani'cs show losses of Vi<§'-'*fe > sugar. Man
bat tan and the grangers lead. .Total sales; 209,1) 95
■hares, including 60 100 Su-ar: 35.000 Xt, Paul
and 17,000 Burlington and Quincy. i
- Bonds were heavy and lower. Tne sates aggre
gated 9964,500. Alchlson adjustment fours fell
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMbbLOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St.. Tel. Main' 1954.
. 1 ,■,■-,•.- i- fIKAWCH fir PICK '■'=; -~ ■..
628 Market St., I'ulace Hot«-l. Tel. Main 6828
J. H. I'UUDY, Manager. ■ ■
Orders instantly | «xect>t«d on latent market quo- .
tations. Keferenoe lit National Bank, b.F. >;•
cmcAua fIUVATJk wxtut KJIiW ytii&JL
i 1 to 31 1/4- Chlcaeo and Northern Pacific first fives
certificates 1 to 38, Northern Pacific con.iol . fives
assented 2to 40, Oregon Improvement first sizes
8 to 76, Rock Island debenture fives 4 to 98Va- St.
Paul and Sioux City first sixes 3to 1*23. Missouri
Pacific cvi.sol trust rose to 43.
In Government bonds 10, 000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 113S4(ail3V»: $10,000 registered
fours of 1907 at 108 $1000 currency sixes of 19J3
at 103 and $20,000 do of 1889 at, 105.
Grain.:
FLOUR — Steady and quiet. Winter wheat, low
(Trades, $2 60: do fair to fancy, S3 40@3 40:
do patents, S3 45^3 76:' Minnesota claan, $ 2 40
2 30: do straights, $2HO@)3 40: vao patents,
*3 16fg,4: low extras. $1 70®.'; city mills, *3 90:
do patents, *4 101a.4 35: ■ rye mixture, *2 40®
2 90: superfine, 51 L-U@- 75: fine, $ 1 50@Z South
ern flour, dull and steady: common to fair extra,
$'.'(di! 80; good to choice do, $2 60@2 90. Rye
flour, quiet and steady; 82 40@2 80.
COK.sMEAL-Qulet, steady: yellow Western,
82 02@2 10.
RYE— Dull; Western. 48VaC f. o. b.
BARLEY— DuII: 33%Cf. 0.0.
BARLEY MALT— Western. 48@53c.
Moderately active: weaker: f. 0. b.
<">6"' ungraded red, 67@87c; No. 1 Northern,
668/gC
Options were - fairly active and closed weak at
1i4(a.l y^c decline on easier cables, foreign selling,
weaker West ana local realizing. September and
December most active: July, 623,4 c: August,
62% c: .September, ti33/«c; Octooer, BSVgc; Decem
ber. 65^4c. '. " jpufw W>iT"ffll'i>*''iil
CORN -Dull, easier, closing firm; No. 2, 30Js<jjc
elevator: 3iy 8 c afloat.
Options were fairly active ana closed heavy at
13/,l3li£c decline on easier cables, lower West,
free receipt* and local liquidations: September
and Octooer only traded in; July, 30Vs c : Sep
tember, 30 8 c; October, HOi/jc.
. OATS— Weak. - . '--*>>'■•
Options dull, weaker; July, 22y 2 c; Septem
ber, 22c. . •
Spot prices: No. 2. 22i^@23c: No. 2 white. 24%
@26c; No. 2 Chicago. 23%@25c: No. 3.21@22c:
No. 3 white, 28y 2 @24c; mixed Western. 23@H
24c: white do, 24i/2@*9V&c; white Mate, 24y a (g)H
FEED BRAN— S2%c. I
FEED BRAN— S2%c.
MIDDLINGS— 6O@t>2V<sC I
RYE— 65c. * I
Provision*.
BEEF HAMS— DuII; $14 50@15. Dressed beef, l
steady; extra, $1 1@1/. Cut mean, pickled bel
lies, 12 pounds, sc; do shoulders, 33/4<s4c: do
hams. 9@loc.
LAUD— DuII, lower. Western steam closed at
S3 40; city, S3. Option sales, none. > September
closed S3 42: refined, quiet; continent, $3 75;
south American, 84 40: compound, 3 3 ,i@4a
PORK-Qulet. steady. Old mess, 87 60@7 75;
new mess, $7 75@8 25.
BUTTER— Less active, steady. Western dairy.
9@l2c; do creamery, liy a (a,lsc; do factory, 8y a ©
lie: Kleins, 15c . - . ■
CHEESE— Firm, quiet. Part skims, 3@sc; full
skims, I 1".
eggs— Easter, quiet; State and Pennsylvania,
ISV&OUc; Western fresh, 12i/ @lBc; do per case,
SI 2503.
TALLOW— DuII, City, 8 1-16 C; country, S@
3V%c
COTTONSEED Easier, dull. Crude, 19c®
20c; prime yellow, 2'_'y s ©23c; do oft grade, l!i2i/a<a>
" PETROLEUM— Firmer.
RESLN— Quiet, steady. Strained, common to eood
SI 60. -
TV KPENTINE-Qulet, 24@24%c.
POTATOES— steady. Southern, 60c@Sl.
RlCE— Light demand, steady. Domestic, 3©
5»4c: Japan, 4@ 4 1,4c.
MOLASSES— Quiet, steady. New Orleans, 27®
37c.
FLAX— Unchanged.
COFFEE— Steady 10(315 points down. July,
flO 70@S10 75: August, 810 15@S10 20; Sep
tember. $9 85@S9 90: October. $9 40; December,
$9 15<ffi$9 20; January, $9 10: March, $9 10;
May $9 05. Spot Kio, dull, easy; No. 7, 12c
asked. ■ , . -
SUGAR— Raw, quiet, steady. Fair refining.
2i/ 8 c; centrifugals, i)ii test, 3 6-18 c: refined, quiet,
steady; No. 6. 4y 8 c: Na 7, 4 1- 16 c; No. 8, 4c :
No. 9, 8 16-16 c; No. 10, 3%c: No. 11. 3 3-16 c;
No. 12, 3** c: No. 13, 3 l-16c; off A, 8 l-16c; mola
A, 4%c: standard A, 4%c: confectioners' A, 4 V 2 c:
cut iuat Si/ a c; crushed. -Hie: powdered, 4%c;
granulated, 4^-gc; cubes, 6%c.
' fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— New Dags, S@9c: do old bags,
ftACHEB- *> Ib, 13©14 c; do nn
p««lea. 7%e8y 2 c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal; / 4@sc.
RAISINS— L. M., two-crown, loose muscatel, 3*4
@4c; do three-crown, 6&sV*c; do iour-crowu, 6 Vie;
do London layers. Sl@l 05.
HOPS— dull; State, common to choice, 2©
7Vs«c; Pacific Coast, 3@t3 V 2 c. London market un
changed.
. WOOL— Light demand, steady; domestic fleece,
16®J2c; pulled, 15(a»33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
TIN-Easy: strait*. *13 40@13 45.
PLATES— DuU.
SPELTEK-Dull: domestic. S3 90®!,.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic, $2 90@2 95.
Pin IRON— Steady, dull; American. $10 25®
12 50, < 1 imiW mnmm
COPPER-Dull; lake. 810 90&11 15.
CHICAUO MARKETS. . ..
CHICAGO, It,i., July 28 Local scalpers were
about the only traders who displayed any energy
in the wheat market to-day, and even they were
less active than usual. The outside refused to be
tempted, and shows no disposition to take hold.
On bearish foreign advices and . good weather in
harvesting sections longs were Induced to sell at
the start, and prices started with a loss from yes
day. Receipts were good, 221 cars arriving at
Chicago and* 379 in the Northwest. -
The latter section had 410 cars last Tuesday and
388 on the corresponding day a year ago. ' Local
inspections from store were 48,900 bushels, and
284,887 bushels cleared at the seaboard Liverpool
cables were easy ana 1/411 lower. Weakness con
tinned to prevail throughout the session, while
business showed no evidence of improvement.
Closing continental cables were Irregular. The
close was the weakest period of the session, inside
quotations being then established. September
wheat opened from 59 to 58 3 sold between
59Vs and 67% » n( l 573/^ c, closing at the Inside,
y g c under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow. 100 cars
CORN — There was a complete lack of spirit and
an entire absence of strength in corn. Ihe prim
ary consideration was the heavy movement, 1114
cars coming in to-day. Liverpool cables were i 2 (<$
%a lower. Withdrawals from store were moder
ate at 163,020 bushels. The prospects of an enor
mous crop acts as a deterring factor to buyers.
Export clearances were 177,716 bushels. Septem
ber corn opened at 25VgC sold between 2514 c and
243/ B e. closing at 245/« c. iy 8 c under yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 750 cars.
OATS — Sympathized a little with the o'.fcer
grains, but there wag present an undertone of firm
ness which held prices fairly steady. Receipts
were 218 cars. There . were no withdrawn,' from
store. Export clearances were- very heavy, at
609,258 bushels. - September oats closed W&*'»<'
under yesterday. ' Estimated receipts for to-mor
row, 115 cars. ' ;
FLAX— Was weak; cash, 73c,, closing at 72c
nominal; . September, 72c; : December, 74c. Re
ceipts were 32 cars.
PROVISIONS— Were quiet, presenting no Inci
dent at all. Trading was generally weak, al
though an exception to the rule was noted on
pork, which ' rallied shortly after the opening,
shorts by their pur- bases for covering purposes
contributing the strength. September pork closed
5c higher: September lard 6c loiter and Septem
ber ribs s@7Vjc lower.
BUTTER— The butter market qulst and steady
to-day. Fancy grades were scarce and firmly held.
Other grades were plentiful and met with a fair
sale. Prices were unchanged.
> Creameries— Extras, 14c, firsts, 12*£@13lfec;
seconds, 10@llc; imitations, fancy, 10@llc.
Dairies— Extras, 12c: firsts. 10% c:' seconds, 9c.
Ladles-Extras, Sy 3 ®loc: firsts, »@3^c: packing
stock, 7@7Vz<*; grease. 4@sc. j ■ -■
EGGS— There .was firm Inquiry. Fresh stock
sold from 91/2" to lie "$ dozen. ■
MONfi— Was s<s6Vs% on call and 6% .for
urn* loans. New York exchange fiOc discount. ,
Hmß Cloning Prices.
WHEAT— July. 57i/sc; September, 57%@&7%c;
December, 59% - 3eJSS«eeKWH
- CORN— July. . 23% c: September. 24y 8 c: May.
275/ @27%c.
OATS— July, 18c: September. 18c: May. 208/.C.
■ PORK— September. $6 05: January, *6 77 .
LA V.l— September, *3 1?%: January, »3 45.
l.ilib— SeptemDer, S3 12V^: January, S3 32y 4 .
.•.:L!veiito' m k.
UNION ; STOCKY ARD.S. 111., July 28.— The de
mand for cattle -showed Improvement to-day, and
yesterday's- prinea were maintained. Offerings
were moderate. Packers forced prices for hogs
down 10c and 16c.\iThe supply was light, but the
knowledge that plenty ■■ of bogs were ■ being- held
back in '. the country, exerted a bearish - effect.
Sheep were in fair supply and moderate demand.
Prices were stead jr.
CATTLK-Receints. 4000. ' Fancy beeves, *4 45
@4 50; choice 1 to prime, 1300 to 1800 Ib steer*.
$4 25014 40: good to choice steers, 1200 10 1700 tt>,
$4 00(g,4 20; medium steers, 1000 to > 350 Ib, 83 75
(a, < 95 : common to fair ateers. 960 to 1200 &>, 83 25
(jj'.i 70; feeders. S3 *0@:-> 80: common to choice
siockeri, • S- <o@3 40; - bulls,* choice .'to; ex
tra. S3 00(g,3 60; bulls, poor to choice. $1 76
@2 90: cows and heifer*. 82 00@3 bO;
cows, -. fair to choice, 82 30@3 60: ~ rows,
common to fair canners. $1 '.6@2 25: calves, good
to cho.ee. 85 00@5 M): calves, common Ito good.
$:< 25@4 90: Texas grass steers. $2 50@3 00: Texas
fed . steers, 83 20@3 70: Texas ; cows, bulls and
oxen. $2&2 85: milkers and springers, per head,
820 @ 40;. stern range steers, $.2 75@3 bO;
Western range cows and heifers. 82 761^3 35.' ■■-- .
HOGS— Keen put. 11,00 a Heavy packlns ana
shipping low. 82 75i«8 15:' common- to choice
mixed, S2 90@3 30: choice assorted, S3 SO®
3 35: light. S3 U6@3 40: pigs. 82 80&3 26.
nHEh.y- Rtctipis. 800 a mienor to 'choice.
♦2@S 26. lambs, *3d6 25. ,• '
CALIFORNIA FRUIT ; SAI^KS. •
•NEW, YORK, N. V., July 2a-Porter';Bros.'
Company sold to-day at open auction: . Plums-
Japans.*. S3 86 to S 5 75, average '84 90% crate;
Other - varie 65cto;$l 10. -'Pears— Bartletts/
$1 30 to SI 95 '. per box, and a . few at ;SI 16.
Peaches— Karly -Crawfords averaged $1 IB to
SI . O per bo v. Prunes— Iraeedys, 81 to SI 80
half crate: Germans. 81 10 to SI 26
.CHICAGO. 11.1., July 28.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany gold Caliiurnia fruit In the Union Auction to
day at the ■ following prices: Pears— Birtleett.
$1 55 to SI 60 per box. : Plums— Bradsbaw. 96c to
SI 20 per half crate; Washington. Hsc to 85c-
Purple Duane, SI 10 SI 10: egg, si. .. Early Craw
ford peaches,' t>6c to $1 per box. Prunes— German.
--» 120toSI 25 per half crate. h- : ' uerm »°«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
Mitt YOKK STOCKS.
Bondii Exchange; Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easy at 1%@3%Y: last loan 1%%.
and closing offered at 1 y%%. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexi
can ••' dollars, ' 53%@64}&c. ' Prime . mercantile
paper, 6%@6X. Sterling Exchange ' la - steady,
with actual business id bankers' bills at $4 87y 3 ®
4 87% for flO days and 94 88%@4 8834 for | de
mand. Posted rate*, 94 88@4 89. Commercial bills,
94 &6%@4 87-14- 1 Government bonds were weak.
State bonds dull.. Railroad bonds lower. Silver at
the board was steady. ■
snßsl , <. . cujstno stocks. • -
Am Tel & Cable™'.". Bt> Norfolk * Wentrn. 4 \
Atchlson 11- I Preferred. 9%
Preferred 15% j Northern Pacific... 6%
Adams Express... .l 46 Preferred.... 11%
Alton. Terre Haute 10 Northwestern S3»/»
American Express) oß | Preferred 148
American To Dacca 16% N. Y. Central 90%
Preferred 95 N.Y.,ChicaßO&.-iJU 10
BayStateGas 14 . Ist preferred.. 65
Baltimore «lt Ohio.. 16 ad preferred 21%
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.& N. H.......163>
buffalo, Koch &P. 19 N. Y. & New Eng. 36
Canada Pacific... 59 N. V., Susq <fc W... 7%
Canada southern.. 41 Preferred......... 18
Canton Land. ...... 60% 0ntari0...... 11%
Central Pacific 13 Ontario & Western 12%
Ches. & 0hi0....... i.2% Oregon Improvmnt . %
Chicago Alton. 150 Preferred..., —
Preferred... 170 'Oregon Navigation 16
Chicago, B. & Q.. .. 63Vs;OreKon Short Line. 10
Chicago <fc E. 111... 40% Pacific Mai1........ 18.
Preferred ... 95 I'eorla, I). A. Evans Hi
ChlcagoGas 50% Pittsburgh W. pfd 15
Clevei Plttsbnrg..l64 Pullman Palace.... 144
Consolidation coal. 31 Quicksilver. 1 L »
Consolidated Ga5.. 141% Preferred ...13
C. C. v. <k St. Louts 33 Reading ..10
Preferred. 80 RloGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel «ft iron.. 17*4 Preferred......... 40
Preferred....' 100 Kock Island 64%
Cotton OH Cert .... 8 3 / i Rome W at<t Ogdan. 112
Commercial Cable.l 35 st. L. &8. W...... 3
Dei. Hudson 118 Preferred. 7%
Del.Lack<£Westrn.l4B ■ St. Paul.. 87S/»
Denver &R. G 11% Preferred. 123*4
Preferred. 41 V* St. Paul & Duluth. 17
Distillers 10y ; Preferred.. 87
General Electric... 22% St. Paul A. Omaha. 32
Erie................. 13 I Preferred. 132
Preferred......... 28 iBU P. M. AM...... 107
Fort Wayne. 16%]suver Certificates. 69%
Great Northern pfdlO9 {Southern Pacific... 18
Green 8ay.......... Vi Southern R. R..... 7Vi
Harlem ..;; .384 Preferred 19^i
Hocking Coal Vs>mt»r Hennery .... 101 V«
Hocking Valley.... 16 | Preferred. 97%
H0me51ake.. ....... 34 Term. Coal 4. Iron. 16
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred....:.... 80
Illinois Central..... 90 Texas Pacific...... 6
lowa Central 6 Tol.A.A.&N.Mich.—
Preferreo. 21 Tol. & Ohio Cent... 28
Kansas <fc Texas... 9% Preferred. 68
Preferred 19 Tol.St-LoutsA K.C. 5
KiuegtoiiA Pern... 3 I Preferred 68
Lake Erie & Westn 14 Union l'ucinc .. 6%
Preferred. 63 I', p. Den A Gulf.. 2
L&keShore 140 v. S. Coraago 3%
National Lead 19*4 • Preferred.... 7
Preferred 80% i Guaranteed ...... 13%
Long Island 69 U. a Express 40
Louisville & Nash. 48% V. B. Leather 6%
Louisville. N a <ttCa 6hV Preferred. 46%
Preferred.. 1 '.. 12 C. a Robber.. 15
Manhattan Consol. 88% Preferred. 70
Memphis & Charts. 15 Utlca<tß. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 29 Wab.h. L. & Pac.. 1 -*
Michigan Central.. 92V.. Preferred lbV4
Mlnn&aL. '.Wells-Fargo. 90
Preferred — . Western Union 78V4
Minn «ft St. L com. IS Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred-.... 66 Wheeling <fc L. X.. 6%
preferred....;. 35 Preferred......... 24^1
Missouri Pacific.... 1«% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 39
Mobile & Ohio ltf W. U. Beet 6%
Nashville <t Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor —
National Linseed.. 16 ' Preferred......... 20
N.J. central 90% Brooklyn Traction. 20
North American... 3% Krie2d pf«L —
. CIiOSINQ BONUS.
C registered.. 105 MX T 2ds 82
Do 49. coupon 107 Do 4s 78%
V S new, regiirdl Mutual Union 85...118
Do 4s, coupon — 113 N J Cent Gen 55.. .114*4
Do 2s 95 Northern Paolsts.ll2%
Do 55.. .;..:.■?..:. 110 •• ■D02d5....... 106
1 o 6s. coupon 111 Do3ds 68
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 - Northwest Consols. 188
Do 1897 10U Do deb 6s 109%
Do 1898 ..103 OR AN lota. 107
Do 1899... 100 StL&lronMtGen ss 69
Pacific <i* Of '95.... St JL. & & X Gen 83.1 10
DC3-65s 109 V4 St Paul C0n5015... .122
Ala Class A4s 100 jSt Pl'4 Pa15u...114%
Do Class 84, 55.. 100 I Do Pac Cal lsU. .
La Consol 4s 93 'Southern Rlt 65.. . 81
Missouri funding...— Texas Pacific lsis. 78
N Carolina con 65.. 116 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 1 6 %
Do 4s 97% Union Pac lots 90.100
So Carolina 4%5... 101 West Shore 4s. ..102%
Term new 3s 77 'Mobile A Ohio 45.. 58
Va funding debt... 64 X Grande West lsta 87
Do registered..... Ches * Ohio 6s. 100
Do deferred 65... 6 Atrnlson 4s 73
Do trust rcpts St. 4 Do yds A 31%
CanadaSouth2ds..loo GH4 A6s 101
Cen Pac lstsof '95. 98 Do2d 75.......... 95
Den AP. Gist 109 11 4 Tex Cent (5..101
Do 45....... 88 Do con 6s. 102
trie ads 68% 1 Reading 4s 72
Kansas Pa Consols 60 Missouri b». ...... 100
KjtPalstsDendivlll '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
. WItKAT IK MVEBPOOI-.
: LIVERPOOL. Eno., July 28.— The spot market
Is firm at 5s s%d@S 6d. Cargoes firm at 20s 3d,
prompt shipment. ,
FUTURKS.
. The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: July,
4s lli.id: August, 4s 11 V4<l: September, 4s llV*d:
October, 4s liy*d: November. 4s ll%d. ■
BKCURITIE.S.
LONDON, Ens, Jnly 28.— Consols, 118%;
silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes. lOlf 76c.
CHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 94 88%
Sterling Kx change, sight. .".....*— 489%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — - 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Fine Silver. ounce. — 684;
Mexican Dollars ......64; • 641/4
»
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEK GRAINS.
, WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot business Is quiet
fit rates last ' quoted. The chartered Wheat
fleet in port baa a registered tonnage of 56,400.
against 18.700 tons on the same date in 1895; dis
engaged, 43,800 tons, against 3863: on the way to
this port, 261,200 tons, against 385,600.
WHiiAT- The market is lower again and quieter
in sympathy with weakerquotatlona from Chicago
and England. No. 1, 95c ¥ ctl; choice,
96y 4 @97%c; lower grades. 87y B <o92i*c; extra
choice for milling, $ I@l 10 > ctC
-;.:. CALL BOABO SALES. .
' Informal Skssion— lo o'clock — December—
1000 tons 9 r s/ ¥ o; 100, 99i,ic.
Kkhiuk .Morning Session— December— loo
tons. 99c; 300, 9*7 /gC ; 900, 98% c.
Afternoon smcssion— December— 3oo tons,
9»-»/*c: 400, 98V a c. Seller '96, new, storage paid
-100, 9«ViiC.
BaRIEV- Steady, and without noteworthy
feature. We quote .Feed, - Cs(a6B3ic: choice
bright do, 7Uc: Brewing, 76@80c.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons. 693. M c; 400. 69 Vic.
- Kkoiti.ar .Mfißsiso Session— December— loo
tons. 69*10.
Aftkbnoox Skssioh— No sales.
OAT.*— Business is more active, but prices show
no Improvement. Receipts have been light of
late. Milling are quotable at 85@90c ft ctl: fancy
feed, 90@92y 2 c ft ctl: *ood to choice, 82 %@90c;
common to fair, 7'jy 2 @77y 2 c; Gray, 80&8-i/*c;
surprise, 96t@*l 02%.
C i lit.N- 1 lie market is Inactive aud yellows are
weaker. Large Yellow, 87'/y@92> Small Round
do, Ps@9ttVic; White, 77Va®*2VaC ft ctL
RYE— Quiet and unchanged at 72Vi@76c ft ctl
for old and t>sc tor new. -
BUCKWHEAT— BS@B6c ft Ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 93 60@3 70 H bbl; Bakers' extras, *3 40
3 SO; superfine, $2 76@3.
TORN MEAL. ETC.- Feed Corn, $19 60@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 V ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; Graham Flour, $.' 10;
}'.y Flour, 'JV^c; Rice Flour. 6%c; Corn meal,
$2 10; extra cream do, 2%c: Oatmeal. s2 90: Oat
Groats. Sy»c: Hominy, *.( lOto< 30: Buckwheat
Flour, $3 iO@3 30; CracKed Wheat, 2%c: Fa
rina. 3y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, $2 30; . Rolled
Oats, 31/2 C; Pearl Barley, SV^C: Hplu Peas, $3 20;
Ureeu do, *4 10. .
■ HAT AND FEEDSTUFF?.
BRAN-915@14 for the best and $12@13 CO 9
ton for outside brands.
Jni)DLI.NOS-Bis@i6 « ton for lower grades
and $ 1 7@18 V ton for the best. -
FEEDSTUFFS Kolled Barley, $16: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, S2l V ton: jobbing, $22.
HAY— The marKet is weak and . demoralized by
the recent heavy receipts. Wheat,' $7 (ft 10 %i ton,
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat $6 60&8; Barley,
lF6rg,7 60; itiver Barley. $4 50@5: Alfalfa, $6 50®
6 60 for second - and -$4 sUfa,f» tor first cutting:
compressed, $6^3; stock, $4@5; Clover, (5 600
. (STRAW— 3O@4Oc bale.
BEANS AND • SEEDS.
BEANS- Quotations are more or '. less l nominal
owing 'to ' the . stagnation ' of ' trade. '■ Bay os ' are
quotable at 90@:-5c ft ctl; Small : Whites,
$I@l 16 » ctl; Pea, ' 31@1 20 V ctl: Large
Whites, , 9 Oc@sl 07y 2 : Pink, 70@8Oc: Beds, $l<£
1 16; Blacker c, $1 15®1 40: Red Kidney, 90c;
Limas. $2@2 40: Butters, $I@l 40.
r : SKKDs-Are very dull '. and nominal. Brown
Musard.is quotable at 81 . 60® 1 75 ft ctl;
Trieste, $2 26@J 76 ",V ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 Bo@l 76; Flax, sl 70©l 80; Canary, 2 s^c
ft n>; Alfalfa. 7y2@»VgC f» S; Rape, 2y 2 c %> n>;
Hemp. 3y 2 c fllb. -
DRIKD i»EAS— SI 25©l 40 ft cU for Mies ana
$1 26®1 45 forOreen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
- POTATOES— Are firmer. Garnet Chiles. 60@63c ;
Early Rose, 40@46c: Burbank Seedlings,' 40@60c %*
ctl for Rivers and 75@86c for Sao Leanaro; Salinas
Burbanks, 76(a8bc ft ctlrmgttXa&*'a—**9— Warns
; ONIONS— White are firmer at S6@4Oc ft ell. t .
■ VEGETABLES— Supplies of all leading kinds
continue large, ureen Corn is quotab.e et 75<
@»$1 26 V sack; Alameda. Corn, $1 60©2 ft
crate: ■ Berkeley' Corn, - $I@l 26 ft 'box; Sum
mer ,- Bquash. , 16(£26c for - bar; ' £k( • Plain. ■ COc
$1 » large box; Tomatoes, 75c@91 for Rivers
and 15@35c for Vacavllle; Alameda Cucumbers,
'261340 eft bx; Asparagus. 91 25@S ft box: Green
Peppers. 2f.@sOc ft large box for Chile and 50@76c
V box for Bell: Green Peas, 50c(a>#l fUsck forcom
mon and 2@2i£c ft Ib for Garden; String Beans,
60c@91 ft sic for common and 2(s)2V2 l tor garden; .
Green Okra,6o@S 6c ft box: Cabbage, 40c fl ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c $ sack; Garlic, 2@2V»o %i Ib. ;r
BUTTER, (HIKSt AND £G6S.
.' BUTTER-The market rales : firm, though there
Is no excitement. .
Creamery— Fancy, 19@19VjC, with sales at
30c; seconds, 17Vi@]8i*c 9 ID. ' '
Dairy— - 17@17\4e: good to choice,
6©l6c: lower grades, 13@14c-
CHEESE- Another advance' is noted. Fancy
mild new is quotable at H@SVjc: common to
good, B@7J*c; Cream Cheddar, 9@loc: Young
America, B@9V&c ft Jb; -Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
l@l3c :-;;.;;■• ■•"-".' • •:,"..■' --"/..*
KGGS-The firmness In Ranch Eggs continues,
with small stocKs.- Eastern, :14ffll6c: store Eggs,
ll)@13c fl <toz for poor and H(g,lsc for good ;
ranch Eggs, 18@21c; Duck Eggs, 14©15 a
. POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern is at hand, and
he market is depressed In consequence. Live Tur
teys 13@15c for Gobblers, 12®13cfor Hens: young
lurkeys, 17@19c-. Geese, ft pair. $1; Goslings,
I@l 50; Ducks, $2 50(d3 60 ft doz for old and
9 60@4 60 for young; Hens. $3 60@5; Boosters,'
ouns, 8 4 50@5 ; do, old, $4@4 60: Fryers. 93 60@4
--{rollers, *3(g,3 50 for large ana $160(32 60 fot
small ; Pigeons, 8 1 25(&1 60 ft doz for young and
GAME— Nominal. -
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots are about done for. though a few poor
ota are still coming In. . Peaches are In large sup
ily and cheap. Figs still bring good prices. Nee-'
arinea are slow.
Red Nectarines, 40@75c: White, 26050 eft box.
Peaches, 20@40c ft box, 20©35 eft basket and
i 18©22 60 ft ton. • ■.*:■■■'•■ ■•-■-•. •
Plums, 35@50c ft box and «o@Bsc ft crate
and 20@27 50 ft ton; Japanese Plums, 6O@bsc.
Prunes, 40@tSfc
Apples, 76c©Sl ft box for choice and 40@65c
or common. .
Crabapples, 25@40c ft box.
Pears, 2 We ft box; Bartletts, 35@65c ft box
nd 916@20 ft ton.
Apricots. 25@66c ft box and 920@30 ft ton. -■
Figs. So@7 . eft box for single and 81@1 60 fl box
or double layers. '
BERRIES—
1 Strawberries, «1 60@3 60 ft chest for ' Long
worths and 9 1 50@'_' 50Tor large berries.
Raspberne*. $2 60@3 60 ft chest.
Blackberries. 92@3 ft chest
GRAPES— Are slow or ssle. Vacavllle Sweetwa
ers and Foctalnebleau. 25@?>0c ft box and 60@75c
f* crate.
MELONS— Watermelons, 98®12 50 ft 100.
Cantaloupes, 83@» ft dozen. Nutmegs, $160 ft
mi. - - ■ • ■ *
CITRUS i BRUITS— Not many" Oranges here.
Oranges are quotable at S3@4 ft box tor -Valen
:las and 92@3 for Mediterranean Sweets and
It, Michaels. Lemons. SI 5C@2 60 for common
nd $3@4 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 9
rax; Bananas, «I@2 '<A bunch; Pineapples, 91@4
if dozen.
ÜBIBD FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Peaches have not opened ret. New Prunes are
firm at 3%@4c for the four sires. Apricots are
arm at an advance. • ' '••■
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows :
Carload — New Apricots are quotable
at 6Va@7c ft Ib f. o. b.. coast and 6@7c
'an Francisco; Apples, lVa@2c ft Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4ffl4Va c for evaporated:
Peaches, B@sc and 6c for fancy; Fin, black, 2Vic
for unpressea: White Figs. 4c in sacks: Pears. 7c
for evaporated halves. 3 Viatic '& tb for quarters:
old Prunes. 3%c: Plums, aVaC fi Ib for pitted and
lVi@'^c for unpitted; Nectarines, »Vs(3>sc ¥ S» for
prjme to choice an<? 6 Vic for fancy.
Jobbing Prices — Evaporated Apples, 4@sc
f lb; sundried, li/2@2c; Peaches. 3 y a (iSc and 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12 Vie ft Ib; old Prunes,
3W* 4c 'or four sizes, 4Va c for 40' » and 60's and
4i/ 4 cfor 60's and HO's; Figs, black. SV»c; White
Figs, 3@sc V lb: Pears, 8c f l . Ib for evaporated
halves and 4@7i^c for quarters; Plums, 3y 2 @4c
for pitted and l@iy 2 c tor unplttea; Neciartues,
4@6c ?> Ib for prime to choice. .
RAlslNs— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, none: 2-crown. 2%c ft Ib: seedless sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, 1 3 mc; 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c "% box; cluster*. $1 36@1 60: Dehesa clus
ters, $2 10@2 25: Imperial dusters, %1 i3O@2 75.
Jobbing Four-crown, loose, none: ' B
crown, none; 2-crown, S^c ft Ib. Heedless Sul
tanas, 4c 9 Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c: 3-crown
Lon Jon layers, : 76@90c: clusters, ■ 91 • 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters. (2 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
lie for No. 1 hard and Il(ffil3c"c4 Ib for paper-shell,
Jobbing lots; Almonds. 6^7v»c ft lb for Lan
fiiertoc, 2 ®3c ft Ib for hardshell and H@loc
ft Ib for : paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@6^|C
ft Ib for Eastern and for California; Hlck
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts, B®9c: Brazil Nuta, 7@Bc ft ib;
Cocoanuts, »4 60@5 ft 100. •
HONEY— Comb, 10@12V%c for bright and 6<s9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s@sVsc;
light amber extracted, 4V^@4>/ic; dark amber, 4@
*y 4 c; dark, 2@3c 1* Ib.
BEESWAX— 2S@27Vic ft Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Pork products are . quoted
lower. 1 he market is reported fairly active. Bacon,
6V«c for heavy, 7i^c ft Ib for light medium. 9@9^c
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern Buzar-cured Hams, 12(512y a c;
California ■ Hams, • jO@llc ft < n>; , Mess Beef, •$7
665; extra mess do, 8; . family do, $10; extra
prime Pork. $B@B W. extra clear. $13 i* bbi:
mess. Sll 50(a.12 ft bbl: Smoked Beef. 10c * ID.
LARD— Kasiern, tierces is quoted at 6»Ac ~j. Ib
for compound and tfViC for pure; palls, 7c ft Ib;
California tierces. 4V^c for compound and 6Va< for
pure: hall-bbls, G B Ac; 10-tt> tins, 6y 4 c; do 6-lb,
6V3C ft Ib.
COTTOLENE— 5%@5%c in tierces and 6y 4
6%c "f lb in 10- Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— No change whatever.
Heavy salted steers 7(a,7V2C 1? lb; culls and brands,
6(a.6i 2 c - . lb: medium, 6Ca, 6 >-jc ft Ib; culls and
brands, s(g>sVfec ft Ib; light, sc; culls and brand*,
*c: Cowhides, o@sV&c: culls and brands, 4@4' a c;
salted Kip, 6c ft tb; salted Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10ii@llc; culls and brands, 8@
S\»zc: dry Kip and Veal, B<ai9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20(j$35c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 26@30c; medium. 15@
26c: winter, 7@loc; i heepskin»,shearling3,lo@lßc
each; short wool, i()(g,3.">c ench: medium, 40@
6Uctach; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of all
kinds about VM less.
TALLOW— No, 1, rendered, : B@3i4c; No. 2,
"jyac: rellned, 5U,c: Grease. 2 Vie ft Ib.
WOOL— Flat and depressed. There is absolutely
nothing doing, Humboldt and Mendocino, 10@llc
ft Ib; Valley Oregon, 10@llc; do lower grades, 8@
10c ft Ib; .Nevada, «@BV%° : San Joaquln and South
ern coast, six month*, 4@Bc: Kan Joaquin, foot
hill, gooil to choice, ti l o(*7 \/ 3 c : Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4(a.5i/2c: northern iree, 7i0,9c: do defec
tive, s@o^c f» ib.
HOI 1 — .Nominal at 2@4c ft Ib for 189 and ts@
"i 2<" for 1890. No transactions- are reported.
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET.
Hogs are lower again and in over supply, and
arrivals are poor and thin. Beef and mutton are
unchanged. Wholesale rates ; for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, sc; second do, 4%©454 c;
third do. 3V 2 a4c t* tb.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@6c fl Ib. ■
MUTTON — Wethers, s@sV4c; Ewes,.4%@sc
ft ft..
LAMB-sl96cft Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, SfUVic « Ib for large and
3VjC for small and medium; dressed do, 4'->
®5%c ft Ib. . ■ ■ . • ,
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags firm at $4 25©
4 80; San Quentin, 94 20; Wool Uacs,24y 2 @26V'2C.
COAL— Wellington, 98 ft ton: New Wellington,
S8 ft ton: Sonthfleld Wellington, 97 60 fi ton;
Seattle, $5@5 60: Bryant. 9&; Coos Bay, 94 50:
Wall send. - *7: f^cotch. «7 50: Brvmbo, 97 50;
Cumberland, 911@]2 in bulk and *ia@!4 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg?. < 911 60; Welsh
Aiubraclte, , 98: Cam. el. 97 60: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. 97 60: Co^e,
911@1-^ In bulk and 913 ft ton in sks.. .
CANNED FRUITS — New pack of Cherries,
black or 2Vj-B» extra, 92 10@2 50 V dozen;
2V»-tt> standards, 91 75: seconds, 91 80. ; White
Cherries— 2 Va-Ib extra, 92 60: 2Va"l> standards,
92 10. Peaches— free. *1 60; yellow
c ing, 2y 3 -tb standards, 91 26@L 50: seconds.
91 10® 1 20. Apricots— 9s. 10. Uatpberries—
2 Vi-n, standards, 91 70; seconds, 91 60. - Straw
berries—Standards. 9186: seconds. 91 85.
■ CANNED .VEUKTABLKS— Tomatoes, bOc fl
dozen. 2V«-lb tins. Peas. .?I@l 25 ft dozen.
COFFKK —
Costa Rica— / 4®2oyic for good to prime: ISA
IBV2C for good mixed with black beans; 164i@
17% c for fair; 13V<i@16Vbc for common to ordi
nary." ... . - . .
■ Salvador— lß®l9Vic for good to prime washed;
/4 @17» / ic ft m for fair washed: 19y 2 @2Octor
good washed pf-aberry: 17@17%c for superior un
ashed. 163/ 8 (g)l 2 c for wood green unwashed;
19@19V4c for uood 'to prime unwashed peaberry. . .
■ Guatemala AND MkXICAN— 2O V 3 @2l V»C for
prime to s.rictly prime washed; 19@20c for good
to strictly go washed; 17%@18%c -for^falr
washed: 1 6 1/2® 16V»c for medium; 14Vi@15t4c for
ordinary: ly<g>l4c tor Inferior to common; 20V4@
21c tor good to prime washed peaberry; 19@19i.ie
for good to prime unwashed peaberrv. •. ■~i.-'.-.-- '•
USH— Pacific Cod,' catch of 1895: 100-lb cases
notable at 6c ft tb; 50- bundles. 5c ft Ib; ' Silver
King strips, 8c ft Ib: Narrow-Gauge do, 7c ft Ib;
Tablets, Bcfta>: seabright Blocks. 7 Vic; Pacific
Herring. 15c ft box: Dutch do, 90c@8i 10 ft keg;
White Fish, *1 50 In haif-bbls and 91 76 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds, 912: ■ Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
925; No. 2, 923: No. 3, 921; halt-bbls— 1 * 1,
810 60: No. 2, 99; No. 3. 88 50: kits, No. 1, 91 76;
No. 2, 91 60: No. 3, 91 36. - ■
QUICKSILVER-Quoted for export atS34@3o
ft flask. ' ' '^SBMBfl^ajßnMHHSMn i ' s^B ia^^ aH( V
- OlL— Ca'ifornla Castor ' Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c:
bbi». 90c ft gal '(manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bols. boiled, 4bc; do raw. 48c: cases, 5c
more; LarJ Oil, extra winter strained, bbls, 56c:
No. 1 45c: cases, 5c higher: China Nut, 94 60®
/PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC. — Water- 1
white Coal ■ Oil, in bulk, 12c ft gal: Pearl Oil. in
cases, l«Vic; Astral, do. 18Vic; Star, do, 18V a c;
Extra I Star Oil. in cases, 22 y 3 c: Elaine, do, 23V»c: I
Eocene, do, 20y»c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 14c: da ; la cases. 19V«c; ; 63° Deodorized
Naphtha, in bulk. 13c: 63* do. in cases, 18^c: 86»
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: 86* do. In cases, 25c * gaL
WHITE LEAD— Quotea at 6Vs«cljl!b. t.".
RED LEAD— Quotable At 6V 2 c * tt>.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 39c; iron barrels, 34c;
wooden barrels, 86c 9 gal. .-•?•.•.
i CANDLES— Granite Candles,- 65, ; 16 os. are
quotable at 9»^c; do, 14 ox, 8y»c: do, 13 oz, 7%c;
do/10 or, 7c; . !ectnc-li;ht Candles, 6s, 16 ok. 8c:
do. 14 os, 7V*c; do, 12 oz, 6^c: do, 10 02, 5«6c:
Parafflne Wax Candles, while, Is. 2s, 4s, 6s and
12s, 14 oz. 9c; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c.
LEATHER— Extra heavy Sole, 26@28c: heavy
Pole, 27c for No 1 and :25c for No. 2; medium
Sole, 24@26c for No. 1 and 28e for No. 2. Light
i*>le, 23©24 c for No. 1 and 20@22c « tb for No 2;
Harness, heavy. 30@35c: do, ■ medium, ■ 28c: do,
light. 24@25c; Hough Leather, 18@20; Kips, *40
! @45 ¥ dor,: Calf, 70@90c; Kough bplits, 4@sc
SUoAR- The Western sugar Kefining Company
quotes, term* net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5 %c;
Powdered, &s/,c: Pin© Crushed, 5 %c; Dry Grann
lated, 4S/4C; Confectioners' A. 4»4c; Magnolia A,
43/, c; Extra C, 4 V4c; Golden C, 4^c: half barrels,
h'tc more than barrels, and boxes %c more. . ■_•-■•
■sYKUi*— In bbls, loc; Black Strap, 10c
VgaL ____!_
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts, D@loc each; Redwood, 85 » cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50: peeled, 99; Pine, $5 76.
TANBAKK— »I4 V cord.
LUMBER— Retail prices for pine ' are: No. 1 1
rough. $13@17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2,
$11; No. 1 Flooring. $21@26; Lath, *2: Redwood,
$16 for No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, $18@23;
Shingles, common, $1 60; Shakes, $9 9 M.
RECEIPTS OF PKODUCE.
' FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 15.942 Butter, ctls 143
Wheat, ctls 133,411 Cheese, ctls 68
Barley, ct15...... 9,850 Eggs, doe. 8,900*
oats, ctls ; 113 tlide»,no 873
Beans, sks 221 Pelts, bdls 85
Potatoes, sks.... 270 Wine, gals. 40,400
Onions, 5k5...... , 180 Wool, bis • -65
Middlings, sks... 878 Quicksilver, fists PI
Bran, sks 615 Lime, bbls... 200
Hay. t0n5........ 669 Leather, r0115. ... 271
Straw, tons . S| •
• ' • — • ' » — '■——
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Com stocks shaded off again yesterday, the
best prices being considerably under those of Mon
day and trading was dull all day. , After the board,
however, there was a sharp reaction and prices
were higher at the close. ? -
The first . dividend on the new stock of the Gold
Coin mines of Colorado was declared on July 20
and will be paid on August 1. The rate is 10 cents
per share. - - . . •. ; . ; . ■ ■ . :. -
The annual meeting of the Benton Con. Mining
Company will be held to-day.
i ' Assessment* Fendlnv.
Following is a Use of assessments now pending:
DtUOQt
Compant. No. Ant. in the Sal* Day.
Board.
Chollar. 42j 25 .Jly lOi.Auc 4
Kemuclc 12 061. J1y 171. Aug 12
Best A Belcher 60 26lAug 21. Aug 37
Hale & Xorcross.... 1091 i&JAug ».Bept 4
Con Imperial 37| OllAug 24 .S«pt 22
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
KKCUTI.AK MORN BEM4TOX rrwMWXatV* TsTI.
00 Andes.... 2B 2000 Con 1m..02 2OOPotOIL.. 1.00
100 Belcher... 250 UAC 66 .500 Sava«._..66
800 8dt8...... 63200 HAS. .1.15 100 65
400 ...........621200 Mxcn.....63 500 B 14
600 Cha11ne... 46,200 60:100 H Ny 64
400 Choir. 1.90 100 58 300 Uni0n.. ..44
00 CC*V... 1.65,400 Ophlr 96
aukhnoos 9KBWION—
100 A1pha. ....14 50Ch0ur....1.80i300 0ccc11.....61
400 Alt*. 08 1000 Con 1m..02|100 Opbir 95
800 81cher....37 100 Conn V... 1.10 250 ......96
600 Bodle 60 100 C Point.. .36"200 P0t051....96
200 8u11i0n.. .16 350 G&C......62 300 Bay 63
200 8u1wer....28 250 ...:.. ......61 200 5Nev....58
200 .......... .2$ 60 H<feN... 1.151100 V Jackt...4O
100. ;..... .....50 400Occid 52!
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: •
Menu* nFswrnf- 1O:V|.
400 Alpha. _..l* 650 Ch01r2.07V 3 0ccd...._61
600 Alia.. 09 050 1.85 650 .....64
250 Ande5. ...29; 50 C0nf1.... 1.16 300 Ophlr ... .99
260 ........ ...28 600 C Imp ....O2;3OO . 98
200 8«1cn«r...39 300 Crwn Pt... 38400 Poto»l.o2i,*,
450 B &.U 100 Exchqr....Os 400 ...........98
460 ...........68850 U&C......67 600 9*T 71
200 Bodl* 6*850 .... 65600 ....67
300 8u11i0n.... 18 400 H*N...l .15&00 Scorplon.,o6
850 Bulwer...3S 100 Julia .....08 300 58&U....14
350 .;.... .32 300 Justice.. »Osi2oO « Nr 64
100 Ca1eda....13 200 Kentck.... 07,200 Union C.43
450 Cbllnxe... 46 400 Mexn.....53 200 Utah 11
450 ......45 .'000vrmn... .18400 x" JaoJttl..4l
300 CCV. ...1.66| j
•4»TEBNOO» SESSION I—l-.1 — 1-. IT.
200 Aloha 14 60 Conn... .1.15 400 Ophlr 94
400 Ande5....29 200 Con 1m....02 500 ....... -1.05
200 ...... .....A'H 200 C P01nt....38 200 Overman. 18
300 Belcher ..8© 100 Excnqr... os2oo Potosi... 97
100 \\: .......37 200 G«tC 65200 .......... 99
200 BAB 62200 -....62,200..... 1.00
200 ........ ....65 300 :.i.-.-.~.-::. 61:200 .- 1.02%
800 80d1e.:...50 400 ....b9,300 .........1.06
300 8u11i0n. ..17 50 H&JNI.I7 V 2 200 1.10
200 ..;..:. 30 600 ...;... -.1.15500 ..,....-..1.15
100 Caled 1- 500 1.20 200 Save 66
200Cha11ge...44 1200 1.25 200 63
100 Choir 1.82% 300 Justice.. ..os 300 V... ....... .68
200 ..........1.80 400 Kentck....O7 400 70
200 1.85 300 Alex 62 300 d NY......54
60 ...... 1.90200 641100 ..;.....•... 65
100 .::. 1.96200 67200 ............66
100 .....2.00 600 M0n0..... 19400 ;....6O
300 .......... 2.06 200 0ccd..... .62 200 Union... 43
500... — 2.10400 .... 64 300 ....46
600 ......;. 2.20 100 ...: 65 100 Utah...... 11
160 CCV lf»8 150 Ophlr 96 600 V JckU..4O
600 l.TuilOO 95
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, July 28— P. «.
£id.Aiked.\ . £ld.Aski-d.
Alpha Cob. ... 13 lsJnlia — 10
Aita... 08 09 Justice. 04 05
Andes... 29 30 Kentuck 06 07
Belcher..; 38 40, Lady Wash.... _ 05
Best Belcher 65 66 Mexican ... 65 66
Bodie .'......■... 48 60 Mono 18 20
8u11i0n........ 17 19, Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer... , 28 30 North Q <fc C. 07 —
Caledonia...... 11 13 Occidental..... 67 69
Chollar ...... 2.15 2.2oophir. ...1.00 1.05
Con.Cal<&Va...l.ffs 1.70 Overman. 17 19
Challenge Con. 40 42 P0t051.... 1.10 1.16
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Savage 70 71
Confidence 1.10 I.2oiScorpion ..05 06
Con New York — 04 Seg. Belcher... 11 14
Crown Point...- 36 38 Syndicate ..... — 04
EastSlerr»N<»T — Waiver Hi 11.... 02 03
Eureka Cor. ... — 26 sierra Nevada, 68 60
Exchequer .... — 05 Union Con 44 46
Gouia .t lurry. 70 71 Utah........... 10 11
Unit ANorcrs.l'2o 1.25 Yellow Jacket. 39 41
Jackson;....:. ;■< 26 — i
."; MOCK AM) BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. July 28-2 p. if.
tTNITKD KTATES BOX DO.
' Hid. Ask ft. Bid. Asked.
US 4s coup.. 106 106»/ 4 O8 4s reg... — 10734
Do new issue 10 9 » 4 — |
XISCKLLAXSOITS BOTffJM.
Cal-BtCbless. — * 110 V* Pacßoll MBs. — _ '
CalElecli6s — 12S Do 2d is — _
CntraCWss — 94 . P*ORr6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp 94 99 ! PAChRy6s. — 115
Kdsn .LAP 6sll9 1)9% Pwl-st RKB*. — 116^
F*CHKK6s. - 1051*, Reno, WI&L — 105
Geary-stKss. — lOTVjiSscto PAL. — 102
JLosAmtLOs. — 99 |Sf4NPKSt. - 9a%
DoUuteed6s - 100WSPKKArii6s — • ■ —
Mkt-stCble6sl2o%l 211,8 — 110%
DoßyConss..lo4 1048/ 8 SPRRCaI 6s. — —
NatVlntislst 96 — jSPBrBCaISs. — 98 V4
NevCNgK7s- »ft 105 sVWater6s..llß%ll9Vii
NPC KR6s. - 108 SVWater4s.. — 99
M Ry Cal 6s. — 10l V*. StktnO&Efls — 100
NBy Cal 6s. — 100 SunsiT<&T6s- — >: —
Oak Has .102 - Suuer-stKSs.
]>02d1565.. ••■-" 106 VlsaliaWcb* — ; —
Oiuulbua 117 119 Vi
IWHfI BfflffliVi'iLiirc.'" '"" BTOCK^. ,
Contra Costa — SO (San Jose.. — . —
Mann C 0.... 60 — ISprng Valley 96% 97 •
. «ai« stocks. ' : . " » '
Capital 10 26^. Pacific Ll?ht 49 60
Central *95 — . San Francsco ' — . 90
OakOLAU 52 &2W,6i0ckt0a..... — 20
Pac Gaslmp. H'j I, s, 83 1
.JNSDRANCIC stocks.
Flreman'sFdl6s 172ya|Sun 35 60
. -". COMMKRCIAI. BANK STOTKI.
Amerß&TC — — <■■ |lx>ndonPJtA. — ' 127
Anglo-Cal — 61% — : |lx>n<lonA«F. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. : — 235 Merch Ex... 12"-•'•-—
--1ai 8 D&TCo 53y 3 — Nevada...... — —
FirstNa.ionl. : - 187% !Saiher BCo. — —
&HlTOTrtßß^ Ttt in iii STOCKS.
OerP*Lco.l3oo 1360 iSav* Loan.. — 100
HumbW&L.lloo 1450 Security...... — 276
Mutual —40 Union Trust. 700 . —
BiaavUnion — 485 V
• --, STBKKT RAILROAD HTniW
California. . . ■ 108 - . Oak BL*Hay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 jPresldio 7%. 8
Market-st 41*/4 42%Sutter-5t..... — —
'• '•'. -' row dkb stocks.' "
Atlantic D.. 16 — Giant C0n.... 15 —
Eastern D... 70 — i IJudson L».... — —
California.... 70 - — . .'Vlporlt.. .....— 90c
./-V- .. - MISCKLLANKOt'S stocks. .
Alaska Pkrs. 91% — NatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. - — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 84
Cal Cot Mills' --' — ' PacAuxFA 1 —
Edison 1i1ght114%115% PacßoraxCo. 98 100
GasCon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 85 — Part PaintUo 6% IV.
lIawCASCa. 16V4 PacTr.nsCO. — 2*
Hutch 8 PCo " 18% 19Vi Pac T&T Co. — ■ 80
MerKx Assn. 100 110 Sunset TAT. : 41 —
11 Elec Light — 4%. United C Co. — -M ; .
BALKS— MOK , MtM|a«
Board— '.j^I|KJBVMnBISfIK''P'6
/6 Hawaiian Commercial. ;."..;.' 16 00 ;
25 -do.- do ...:...................; 16 76 '
$1000 J£arket-Bt By Con 6% Bonds, csh. 120 76 -
■85 »V. Water.:....-. ...;.. 96 H7%
«5000 S V ex 80nd5.;.T.v.:..-.;. .;.:..... 119 00
51000 do - do ' 119 25
- -Street— ? •■■■..-;... -- • .• .■•
126 Hawaiian Commercial.. 1 . ............ 16 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp, cash.. 82 76
' bAi.ua— a*tkunoox ssasiox.
Board— ggbJtKiWiiiwMWMaMMMWli
10 5FGa51kht^.;:..'....:.. .......::.... 89 75
93000 S V 65; Bonds .V.....-119 37%
. >ireei — 2«<VB|iM|aaiogMnaßnHHßß3'^ H^n
rlßJiarket-5tKaUway................... 41 60
10 Oakland Gas.-.;.......................: 62 00
- 15Pac.Gas 1mp;...;. ...-.....•.......;;.. - 82 76 •
':■., W S V.Wwer.....r..; ;.... : 86 87%
: The pearl Hshery discovered off the south
coast of India is very rich.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Ju1y. 1896
MO.J
Tu.
w.
15:1
iT - aa - ; Moon's Pbaaea \
3 . *' i (j*\L*mt Quarter.
July 'I.
10 11 — — —
— A New Moon.
17 is "' Ju| y !»•
~~ ~~~\ /^Flrst Quarter
24 28 | \J) Jg]y 17.
81 ' fS\ Full Moon.
_ July 24.
1
1
a
—
_i
___
«
7
8
9
~~
~~
—
—
12
13
14
16
18
i
i
_
I
■
—
19
20
21
22
23
—
i
I
-I-
—■
2b
27
28!
29
SO
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From S»n Francisco.
PTKAMKR
I lIKMTI NATION", j
SA 11,1.
I PIKR.
;ity Sydney
*0n01. . ......
Smplre.....
EnnKa ....
;h1na........
rrucKee ..;.
)rlzaba.
knn. 1 .;....'
'0ni0n*.....
State of Cal.
>anta Kosa. ;
JUyPuebla.. i
Bt Panu.... :
Ircatn :
iVeeott !
lustralla.... '■
LBlancbaru
'orona ]
Columbia... j
ramlion... i
Panama....... Jn1y29,12 11 P MS B
Grays Harbor. IJuly'29, 4pm Pier a
Oro«on ports. . | July' 29. bpii Pier 13
l\«wDors ...... July3o. »Aii!pieril
China & Japn. July 3o, . 3fii'PMß a
Coos 8ay.....; Joly3o. ftm Oceanic
Mexico July SI. Pier 11
Coo* uar.. .... July3l.lo*n Pier 13
aamboldtßar Aug 1. 2pm PlerS>
Portland. .. aus I.loam I Pier 24
San Dleeo Auk I.llam ! Pier 11
Vie & P«t tinci ' auk 2, Sam Pier 9
Mwoor. ...... iAue 8, Paw | Pier 11
Oregon ports Aug 8, 4pm Pier 24
Eel Kiver..... |Aug 4, sPM|Plerl3
H0n01u1u...... Auk 4.10 am Oceania
Oregon ports.. j Auk 4. 6pm ' Pier 13
San Diego Ang 5.11 am I Pier 11
Portland .....'. iAng 6,10 am Pier 2«
Yaoolna Bay.. Ang'6. 9ah Pier 2 ,
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
BTKAKBB
R'l>
',-X
,Ityof PueDia.. Victoria «fc i*ug«t tsouna
1«x1c0... ....... Portland..
int0. .......... Coos Bay...' ....
:iecne Crescent City ..
ruckea. ........ Coos 8ay.............;..
Uuukou. H»n iJi«co- ..............
t0n0wM........ Sydney.... ."..
tan 8ia5........ Panama ."..: .'..
ielglc China and JaDan. ;......
•0m0na.. ....... Hnmboia: nay.. ........
«orth Fore... Qumboldtßay. ,
Lrcata. ......... Portland
it Pau1..... Newport. :.'.'...'.». j
iackinaw ...... iwoma i
Veeotu i£el Jllver »..••.•
Dice Blaneaard | Portland ..........
C0r0na.......... San Diego. .......
:olnmola Portland
rescent City... Creaesne U1tr_ ..........
Valla Wa11a. ... Victoria A Paces soana
rarallon ' Yaonlna tutr ...... ......
..July '29
..JulvM
..JiiiyjS
..July 'J9
..Ju!v'29
..July SO
..July 30
..July 30
..July 31
..July 31
..July 31
..July 81
..Au« 1
..Aug 1
..AUK 2
..Aug *
..Aug 3
.Aug 3
..Aug 3
..Aug 3
■ ■Aug 4
SUN, MOO N AND TIDE.
r. *. COAST AXn GKODKTIC StTBVST TtDB)
JBtTLLKTISr Published bt Official V
AUTHORITY OF TEX SnPKKIJfTKKDKJTT. )
Wednesday, July 29.
BonnsM 5. 10 1 Moon rises...... 9.»4pjc
San sets 7 . ! Moon sett
£• July— lß9o.
I Time! Feet 222 Feet HE2 Feet HE2 Feet
311 W _ JL, VV HW - *■■ L W
Hi 2.^6 4.4 1 8.-/7 1.2 i 3.251 6.1 9.3H 2.2
0 328 3.8 8.51 1.7 8.61 8.1 10.28 Li)
l| 4.39 8.5| 81* 2.3 4.16J 5.2JU.20 1.6
August.
1 6.09 S.S 9.44 2.81- 4.47 5.3
L W H W I L w H W
2 0.514 1.2 7.47 3.3 10.24 8.9 5.26 6.4
3 1.24 0.8 9. JO S.« 11.2S 3.61 b.15 5.5
4 2.17 0.3 10.03 3.8 12.41 3.S| 7.13 5.7
5 3.03 -0.2 10.44 4.0 1.56 3.6 j 8.09 5.9
Nor«— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column sires the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the lust tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign f— ) precedes th'«
height, and then the number given Is aubtractiv*
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
bkanch hynroobaphic Office, v. &N., ■»
Merchants' Kicranse. ■■-• V .
San Fbancisco. July 38. 1898. - )
The time ball on .Telegraph Hih was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. it, Greenwich time,
• . A. F. Fechteles, . "
Lleutenrfnt U. >-. N. in chorus.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
•■'. TUESDAY. July 28.
Stmr Australia. Hondlette, 6 days and 15 bra
from Honolulu; pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels
4 Bros Co. :■■•.. . . ■■ •
Stmr Excelsior, - Higeins. 43 hours from San
Die.io: ballast, to C A Hooper & Co- . . ; . .  . ■. ;
- Stmr Bonita, Conway, 4» hours from Lompoc;
produce, to Goodall, Perkins «fe Co.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, - Hansen, 4 days
from Nanairuo; 4313 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's
(Sons.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports: pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins
Co. , . .
schr Norma, Larsen, 1 2 days from Port Blake
ley; lumber, to Renton. Holmes A Co.
Schr Reliance, Jensen, 16 hours from Timber
Cove; 66 cds wood, to It A Gilbrlde.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, July 28.
Stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego; Uoodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka: Goodall, Perkins
&Co. . •
Ship Sterling, Davis, Sydney: Williams, Brown
<& Co. .
Schr Anna, Macdonald, Koklak; North Ameri
can Commercial Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, July 28.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Stmr San Benito, Smith, T acorns.
Stmr Gipsy. .Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney. Eel River. ■
Stmr Farailon, Roberts, Yaauina Bay.
Stmr I'matilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send. -:.-,■•-■ ■ ■"■ ' [ ' ,'-■■ -\. . ■
Btmr Corona, Hall, San Diego and way ports.
Chetco, Jacobsen, Pigeon Point, "in tow of
tug Alert.
. Schr Sacramento, Goodmansen, Albion.
Schr N ewark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Anna Macionald, Kodiak. .
Schr Neptune, Estvold, Grays Harbor,
leiecrapiilc.
POINT LOBOS. July 28-10 p. it— Weather
cloudy . wlnu sW; velocity, 14 allies.
Charter*. ,
The barks Albert and S C Allen '. load mdse for
Honolulu.
The ship J B Brown loads coal at Nanaimo for
this por. : Br ship Pinmore, wheat at Portland for
Europe, 30s— Is 3d less direct — prior to arrival. . .
. The Br ship Queen Elizabeth was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe, 27s 6a— la 3d
less direct. ,
■"poteen.
July 19—44 N 33 W, Br ship Eulomene, hence
Mar 12 for Liverpool. .
July 2—39. S 57 W, Br bark Vortigern, from
Hamburg for Santa .Rosalia. . ■ .
Donifntic Ports. - :
ROCK PORT— Arrived July 28-Btmr Scotia, hce
July -z7. . .. ■ .;
KURKKA— July 28— Schrs Elvenla and
Lizzie Vance, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived July Stmr George
lionmis, hence July 27,' and sailed for San Fran
cisco. . '■".."■:
ASTORIA— Arrived July 28— Br bark Clydes
dale, from Newcastle, NSW; bark Vldette, from
Redondo.
Sailed July 28— Stmr Arcata, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDKO— Arrived July 2t«— Bark Tidal
Wave, from Tacoma. ■ - .
. Foreign Ports. .
HONOLULU— Arrived July. 14-Br barK Bel
mom, irom Hydney (loads for New York). 15—
Br baric Kosciusko, from Newcastle, NSW; Haw
bark lohiln, from New York. 16— Br stmr Asloun.
from PortanO ■ via Victoria. - — >tmr Australia,
hence July ll; Dark Mohican, hence July •£. 18—
simr City ot Peking, hence July 11; Br stmr Mlo
wera, from Victoria, BC 19— Bri« Wm G Irwin,
hence July 3; bictn. Klikttat, irom Port Gamble.
21— Br bark Velocity, from Hongkong..
Sailed July 13-s»cnr H C Wright, for Kahulul.
15— Haw bark Mauna Ala, for Port Townseud;
Haw schr JN'orma, lor French Frigate Shoals. 16—
Bark Mar. ha Davis, 'for San Francisco. 17— Br
stmr Asl un, . tor Yokohama. 18— ■M'lir City of
Peking, for Yokohama; schr Gen McPherson. for
San Diego: bktn Amelia, for Port Townsend. 19—
Br stmr Mlowera, for Sydney via Fiji, Ship
mile X Starbuck, for New York.
KAHULUI— SaiIed July 19— Schr H C Wright,
for San Francisco. ■' .«- ■
• VICTORIA— July 25— Br bark Dundee
from Yokohama. - ' ' . ■•■ •
« NANAlMO— Arrived July 26— Ship J B Brown
from Dutch Harbor.
ISTa PA— Arrived July 38— Ship Wachusett hce
May 16.'. • . . . . ,
YOKOHAMA-Sailed July 23 -s mr Peru for
San Francisco. . 24— Br stmr Victoria, for Victoria.
CARDrFb-Sailed July 27-Brship Flintshire
for san Francisco. '
.- > CiUEENSTOWN-SaileaJuly 26-Br ship Dun
donald, for Hull. . . \ •■.■''
R.'o'de'^n^le^rn^?. 27 ~ Slmr C * «
he I n 1 c Z e A A R pr ) ro h ?or e arimJby!- Br 9hlp Monkb "«'
- PORTLAND : BILL-Passed July 26-Br ship
Centesima, from Newcastle, Eng, for Sail tran
sliSls^- * 11 *" 1 Jaly 37 - Shlp Eclip aO ,for
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK-aaUed July 28-Stmr Spree, for
BODLOGNE-ArrlTea out July 28-Stmr Maas-
N^^lo^m^ Btmr Trave, froni
SCILLY-Pa»sed July 28-Stmr Trave, from
New V ork for Bremen.
LIZARD-Passed July 28-Stmr Manitob».irom
vZ"L , Or u tor London; stmr Persia, from New
t r New 1 '? 1 " 1 8: ' B ' mr *' russl *' from Hamburg
.LEWIS ISLAND- Passed July 28-Stmr Vir
ginia, from Stettin for New York.
■ m tat i oik.
- LOMPOC LANDING-Per Bonlta— 75 hogs. 2
bdis pelts, 60 bals hides, 13 sks mustard.
. San Luis Oblspo-775 sks barley, 240 sks wheat.
Sieeles-lbOs sks barley. »""»*.
, Santa Maria— llß hogs.
Los Alamos— l»* hogs.
Los Ollvos— l*ss hogs. :
Nlpomo— ls4o ska barley.
San Simeon— sß hoes. 3ft bead cattle.
SAN PEDRO— Per Eureka— 2M bis lemons.
Newport South— ll bxs lemons, Isk ore.
Los Angeles via San Peclro-6 crts mdse, 1 case
P shells.
East San Pedro— to hf-bbis 50 pails salt flan, 10
bf-bbls mackerel.
Hiieneme-1 bx corsets, 2 pkgs castings, 1 box
eggs. 1 pkg indse.
Ventura— l4 bis seaweed, 3 sks abalone shells, 1
8k dry abalone meat. 1 cseggs. 14 sks wool, 1 box
glass. 2 odls pelts. 160 bxa lemons, 3 bxs oranges,
351 sks beans.
Carpenterla— l keg olives. 20 sks crawfish.
Santa Barbaru— 2 bxs tobacco, 38 bxs lemons, 10
pcs printing press, 21 sics crawfish.
Gaviota— 2 bis butter, 22 sks wool. 1 Ml pelts, 1
bx M sped, 2 pkgs billiard-tables, 2 cs granite, 25
sks crawfish. 2 hxs fish.
1* C Railway stations— l bx mdse, 7 bxs butter,
2 cs eggs.
Xipomo — 2150 sks barley.
Sti-fclfs— 34s sks barley.
Port Harfonl — 16 bxs fish.
Cayucos— l bx seed, 1 plug tobacco, 4cs eggs. 7
bis seaweed, 15 bxs butter. 1 dressed calr.
!-ar> Simeon— 4 tabs 20 bxs butter, 2cs eggs, 2
coop* chickens, 1 bx seed, 1 Ddl bides, 4 b'.s sea
weed.
Monterey— l4 sks seaweed, 2 cs cheese, 3 bxs
tobacco, 2 pkgs mdse, 2 cs showcases, 7.13 sks 4
bxs dry squ ds.
HONOLULU— Per Australia— l3,7o9 bns:* sugar,
600 bags rice, 26 bags coffee, 89 bags horns. 426
empty kegs, 64 empty casks, 11 picks mrtse. 5112
buncoes 436 bxs bananas, 246 bxs pineapples. 2
bxs canned pineapples, 1 sk pineapple plant. 5 cs
port wine, 5 parcels. 6«7 bdls green hides 17 bdls
skins, 26 bxs mangoes, 1 bbi salt manges, 1 bx
fruit, 5 bxs betel leaves.
Per Eureka— Selby Smelting and Lead Co; Mln
aker A Welbanks: Gray A Barbieri : Hillsßros:
Dairymen's Union; Brigham, Hoppecfc Co; Union
Metallic Cartridge Co; C E Whitney A Co: The
Harry Unna Co; M Kalish A Co: Hulme A Hart;
Levi Spiegel A Co; L Bcat ena A Co; A Paladlnl: 3
Jacobs; Garcia AMaggini: Porter Bros A Co; C H
Teizen: American Uuion Fish Co: MllanlACo: j
Goidstone; Abnimson, Hehnlsch Av'o; Lewis
Packing Co; Wieland Brewing Co; CFCamberson;
National Brewery; D E Allison A Co ; American
Type Foundry: J Ivancovlch A Co; Pacific Coaqt
Fish Co; G Camillonl & Co; Wheaton, Brton & Co;
Thos Dentean, Son A Co; Slnsheimerßros; Cox
Seed and Plant Co; Brunswick- Kaltce-Collender Co;
M sirnas <fc Co; Payot, Upham A Co; J Starke: S
P Milling Co; W F Mitchell; Jonas Krlanger A Co;
Hllmer, Bredhoff * Schulz: Dodge. Sweeney A Co:
Witzel A Baker-. Ttllmann <fc Bendel; P UrlAOo;-
Felling, Cressy & Co; O B Smith A Co: MrLeod &
Fauss; GetzßrosACo: De Bernardi A Co; A B
Patiick: H Kirchmann *co; Smith's Cash Store;
Marshall, Teggart A Co.
Per Boni;a-H Waldeck; A Pall tea: HDutard;
SiD.sheimer Bros; D E Allison A Co; J P Thomas;
Western Meat (jo ; Buffalo Brewery; \V Q Lowry
& Co: S P Milling Co; Roth, Blum A Co:. LJufl
& Co; Girvln A Eyre.
Per Australia— A L Taylor: A Cavagnaro: Dr
W Anderson; Chicago Brewery: California Fruil
Co: California Wine Assn; Enterprise Brewery;
Eveleth A Nash: Emerson A Co. Tacnma: Gordon
A Co, Seattle; Garcia A Maggini : Hyman Bros:
J D Spreckels A Bros Co; J Ivancovich A Co*: J O
Rued A Co; L G Sresovich A Co: L A Co;
M D Vanvalls; M D Grinbaum A Co: M W Mc-
Chesney A Sonn: National B'ewerv: Pope Mfg Co:
P L Weaver Jr; Rear-Admiral Geo Brown; Royal
Wine Co; Stewart A Co; San Francisco Brew
eries: Williams. Dlmond A Co; Wetmoreßros; T
H B Varney; Welch A Co: Chinese merchants. ,
Jbr Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page,
. OCEAN TRAVEL.
O. 3a- o _s*3 INT.
ASTORIA AIPORTLAE.
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5a11a...... ......... July 27, August 6, 16
Btaie ot California sails. .July 22, August. 1, 11, 21 .
From Spear-st. Wharf 24) at IS A. M.
UOODALL PERKINS & CO., Genl. Supts,
. F. V. CONNOR, General A seat.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
QTEAMERB WILL SAIL FROBlVjgfcflß.
0 Broadway wharf, baa Francisco, as jfiBSE
follows:
For Mary Island. Lorinif, WrnnxeL Jnneaa. Kll-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at, v a. m., July 3, 13,
18,28. ...ti . a 12,27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Part Town-
•end, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bell in a ham Bay, Wash.). 9 X. x.
July 3. ■*, 13, 18, 23. 28. ' ana every fifth
day thereafter, connect Ids ' at Vancouver vrtta,
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma > with N. P. R. R*
at Seattle with G. N. Ky., at - Port Townsend vrltH
Alaska steamers. ■•"•-.-. ..,'.-. '.-...- -
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Ham-
boldt Bay) itr. Pomona, 2 p. M.. jaiy 6, 8. 12,
16 ' 20. 24. 2n and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San . Pedro. Ease San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. H-. July
2. 6. in. 1 1, is, 22. 26, 30 and every lourtn day
thereafter. . r
•• ■ For San Dleco, stopping only at Port Harfort
(Ban Luis Obispo), .-. Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo iLos Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. Ju y ft. is. 12. Id, 20, 24, 2>* and every
lourth day thereafter.
For Knseuada, Ban Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Fas and Gnaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba. 10 a.m.
Ju • 3 ana 'Jsth nf each month thereafter. .
Ttcxet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treat. . ■
GQODALL, PERKINS & CO., Oen'l Agents,
■ ■ - ■ 10 Market Bt, San Francisco.
CO3IPAGSIE GENERAL TEAISATL I4TIQUE
French Line to Ravro.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH am
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&&£&£
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aj i
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, ifgypt, via Paris,
first-class S16O: second-class, *118.
I.A TCHTRAINE. Capt. Santelll.. . May 23, 8 a m.
LA NORMANDIE ...May 23. 8 A. it
LA GABCOGNE Jn: c 7A. l£
LA -NUK >. .iXult M July 4. 6 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE.. July 25. 11 a, m.
LA XOHMANPIK Ansustl, 5 a. it
LA BOUROOGXE. Capt. L«b-<eiif. June 6, 7 a, ie,
AST for further particulars apply to
_ __ A. FORGET, Agent,
« «,tt^. N r?i 8 B 5^' In! f «reen, New York.
J. F. FUQAZI A CO, Agents, 6 Montgomery
rcpue, San Francisco. ■ . . . *
Ir\CEANICS.S. CO. f\ days TO
I I HAWAII, SAMOA, Lav HONOLULU
I NEW ZEALAND, Hi »vV
WkJ AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
I H. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Xaes-
lay, August 4. a 10 a. m. Special party rates.
I S. 8. MONO WAI sails via ; HONOLULU and
L UCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, August 20?
■t 12 P. M.
LInetoCOOLGAKDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN".
South Africa. - . , .'
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, '
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 "Market at.. San Francisco.
FLIIIT & CO/S
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports. ,
. FROM. NEW YORK: .
The Al Clipper Ship. ...1 WM. H. M ACT
A mesbury, Master.
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper Ship ...........A. J. FULLER
' Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates. •
For freight apply to FLINT & CO., 68 Broad
itr*et. New York. . -.-. ~^
Consignees In Han Francisco: J.F. CHAPMiS
fc CO., 22 California street.
WHITE jiTAR LI3E. .
United Stales and Royal Hail Steamers
I BKTWKKN
■New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
■ SAILING EVEKV WEEK. .
Ip ABIN,*6O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jhb
KJ ing to steamer anil accommodations moSSm
lelected; second cabin, 9■ ■ U and i 0: Majt-^..0
intl Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
and, ■ Scotland," Sweden, Norway • and - Denmark
hrough to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
ailint: dates and cabin plans may be procured
rom W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
ieneral Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
ind&r Grand Hotel. •G.W.FLETCHER..
M . ■ General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL mail steam packet compact.
QTEAJtERS LEAVE ASPINWALL A^a_
O fortnightly for the West Indies and <^£Slffl
Southampton, calling "en route at Ccrbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. ■ •
- Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England »nd Germany.*
- Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Soutluimptou. First class, 9195; third
Class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents, •
, ■ ~ ■ ■' -■.-■■■ :w< «>«H»nrnlawt.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily. 1-reiglii. received up
to .;::*l> P. ; Jl.
Mttf Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.'
SXEAMEK>: ...
T. C. Walker, J. Peter*.
Mary (iurratt.' City of Stockton.
I ' Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay.' and Impu Co
WALLEJO, MARE ISLAND, Bi;\K|\, PO&T
I COSTA AND CROCKETT.
■ 9TR. MOXTIt'KI.LO,
■Dally, • except ■ Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o *> »
■ . and 4 r. K. ; : Saturday, IU-.30 a. m., 3:30 p. Mi
■ Sunday— p. it .? -7 M
■ •*». only.
■ T <r<f-sTi Sllaaioa X. i>i«; a*
VOR M JOaE, LOS ATOS & SASTA CRUZ
■C TEAMER ALVIBO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
■p At 10 a. it. (Sundays excepted) ; Alviso dally at
Vr. m. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pa»-
Henger. Fare between Han FrancUco and Alvi*«w
Do; to S*n Jose, 78c CJar at. Pier l-^tt WdQUIETLY DEATH
CALLS A PIONEER.
Councilman J. R. Capell Ex
pires Suddenly From
Heart Disease.
\ PASSED AWAY IN BED.
Crossed the Plains in '49, Worked
in the Mines, but Never
Grew Rich.
HIS LEGACY AX EXAMPLE.
In Private or Public Life His
Actions Were Never Under
Suspicion.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call.)
908 "Broadway, July 28. I
Councilman J. R. Cape.ll will never again
'. ' look at the .big clock over the president's
Councilman J. R. Capell, a Pioneer of ' 49, Who Was Found Dead in Bed Yesterday ,
head, shrug his sbonlders and say, as he [
has said scores of tiuxes : "Time for young j
fellows like me to go home." Tbe honest i
old man has gone home. He attended the
Council meeting last nigrlit and was in his
usual good health. This morning his
daughter found hi a dead in bed.
=J. R. Capell was a sturdy old pioneer,
and." although he was one year past the
allotted three-score and ten, in all his long
life he never was known as any other than ]
a strong-minded, uprieht man. No one j
ever suggested anything to tarnish his !
name, either as a man of business or as an j
official. A "professional lobbyist would j
have met with a hard reception from the
old man. as he was honest.
In the Council meetings he was some
limes curt, often thought to be unneces- !
sarily "inquisitive, but he always wanted :
to Know on what -he was voting, and al- j
ways voted his conscience.
• yir. Capell kft the Council chamber
about 10:30 o'clock, and was noticed by ■
Councilman Heitman as he passed out,
who remarked, "Sneaking out, are you?"
Mr. Cap£ll replied, "Well, it is time for
ybnng, iellows like me to be at home."
• He a|wavs sJeeps late on Tuesday morn
ing after a Council meeting, so the family
hftd breakfaßt, and paid no attention to
•his c < ab-ence. When seen this morn
ing Miss Hafti*? said:
'The last time father spoke to me was
at the dinner tnbie last night. I noticed
him this morning as 1 passed tne door,
end saw him turn his head once. I paid
no more attention to bin until 1 thought I
he should get ur>, when I went into his
room and tpoke to hire."
°Tftr. Capell was a member of University j
Lodge No. 144, i. O. O. f'., and had been its j
treasurer for seventeen consecutive years. |
At the last election, a month ago, he re
fused a re-election. At that time suitable
were passed and an engrossed j
copy o presented to him, which the family
prize highly. This lodge will have entire
charge of the funeral ..services, which wiil
be held on Thursday if the absent son ar
rives on time. He was also a member of
the%Loyal Lei:ion of Honor and tbe
Equitable Aid Union No. 'J24, both of East
Oakland.
The deceased had a crown-up family
besides bis wife. Miss Hatt>e, Miss Mat
iie and H. P. Capell reside at home, while
W e . K. Capell i« a railroad engineer run
iiine out of \Yelis, Nev. He was tele
graphed fur at once and is expected to
reach home to-morrow niuht.
Immediately upon being notified of Mr.
CapelPs death Janitor Wilds placed tbe
flag at half mast on the City Hall. Presi
dent Mott called a 'special meeting of the ;
Council for 4 o'clock this afiernoon. At j
the appointed time all of tbe members j
were present except Councilman Dow.
Messrs. Manuel, Marshal, Dam and
Mayor Davie were appointed as a commit
tee to prepare suiiable resolutions to be
presented to the Council at its next meet
ing. Tbe clerk was instructed to drape
the empty chair and desk appropriately
before the next meeting. Tbe president of
the Council, Moti, was appointed to repre
sent the Council in comerences with the
family and Odd Fellowa' Lodt?e in regard
to the place the members would occupy at
the funeral. Councilmen Heitman and
Watk-inson were appointed to secure a
suitable floral offering, and tbe janitor
was requested to keep ibe flag over the
City Hall at half mast until after the
funeral.  .
An autopsy showed that deatn resulted
from valvular disease of the heart.
Mr. Capell wt\s a member of tbe Council
at large, and his successor will be chowi
by Mayor Davie. While it is not neces
sary, the probability is that ho will select
a man from the Seventh Ward, in which
Mr. Capell resided.
Mr. Capell was born Jn Southampton
County, Vireinia, in mi. In 1845 his j
parents, who bud adopted him, moved j
to Alabama, taking him aioug. The next 1
year war was declared in Mexico and
young Capell enlisted as a private. He
joined a company which was sent to Mo
bile, from which point they marched to
Brazos, Mexico. Near here he was under
fire for the first time. He was mustered
out on June 1, 1847, at New Orleans. On
the 14th of the same month he joined a
company of thirty-three men and made a
start for California. They took a southern
route, met witn accidents and ran out of
food. After suffering many privations the
party reached Austin, Texas.
It was in March of 1848 before they got
away from there and crossed Arizona by
the Colorado Cnnyon. lie passed through
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara, reaching
Stockton on the 17th of August, 1849. He
staid in tbe mines until IS7I without mak
ing any notable stake. He then came to
Alameda County and began farming.
Two years later be came to Oakland and
went into business with the Merritt Lum
ber Company. In 1879 he formed a part
nership with N. Benedict and went into
the real-estate bufiness, which he followed
for twelve years. He afterward joined
G. A. Willard in the same business, but
retired entirely two years ago.
Refuses to Talk.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— John Mor
tenson, arrested at San Leandro for de
stroying public property, and who escaped
from the County Jail about three weeks
ago and later recaptured, is now sham
ming insanity. He refuses to take the
bath required by the prison rules and de
clines to talk, and has assumed the air of
an imbecile. A confederate of his pleaded
Kuilty and received a three years sentence
in prison.
Was Deserted by Her Husband.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.-Mrs. Anna
A. Woodward to-day filed a divorce suit
in which she asks for a separation from
her husband on the ground of desertion.
Mr. and Mrs. Woodward were married
in San Francisco on January 30. 1886, and
have a boy aged seven years. Mrs. Wood
ward is "now living with her lather,
Samuel Dinsmore, at,lßoo Adeline street.
NO TEACHERS ELECTED.
The Board Is Enable to Unite Upon
m Candidate for Drawing
Teacher.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 27.— The Board
of Education met last evening to elect a
teacher for the cooking school and the
drawing department, but after being in
session over two hours adjourned without
doing either.
Director McMullan moved to have the
matter of selecting a cooking teacher
laid over until the regular meeting in
order that the board might know the
exact number of pupils they were going to
have in that department. When Director
Knox stated tbat it was necessary for
the pupils to study chemistry for six
months preparatory to taking up the
practical work the board agreed to let the
matter go over.
Director Moody made the suggestion
that called the board together last night
to elect a drawing teacher. When he took
the floor and moved that the matter be
laid over every one of the others were sur
prised. Director McMullan came to his
rescue and together they tried to get a
postponement.
President Clement caused a laugh when
he asked Mr. Moody if the meeting was
not called at his request. He admitted
the impeachment and looked considerably
crestfallen as he took his seat.
Paul Garin, W. W. Fceg and Miss Flor
ence Jackson were placed in nomination.
The first ballot stood: Garin 5, Fogg 3.
Jackson 1. Two more ballots resulted the
same. On tbe fourth the Jackson vote
changed to Fogg and one of Garin's. In
the lifth it stood the tame and then tbe
board decided to take Director Moody's
advice and lay the matter over a week.
Secretary McClymonds reported over
7000 pupils in school for the opening day.
CHANCES AGAINST HIM
Winnie Not Kxpected to Survive the
Gaa He Inhaled on Monday
Evening.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— Mr. Winnie,
the contractor who was found nearly as
phyxiated in an office of the Builders' Ex
change yesterday morning, is still uncon
scious and the doctors pronounce his case
as surely fatal. Each hour draws him
closer to the grave.
The physicians hoped this morning tbat
he might gain consciousness, but as the
day drew toward a clo?e they lost hope.
His wife and friends are with him at the
Receiving Hospital, and attendants are
doing all in their power for him.
_He had been in poor health for some
time, and as he had lost considerable of
late, besidesjbeing out of employment, it is
thougbt tbat he attempted suicide rather
than ask for aid.
EXHIBITS BEING ARRANGED.
Contra Costa School Children to Be
Admitted Free.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 29.— Work is
being rushed in the Exposition building
day and night in order to complete the
placing of exhibits. Carpenters and deco
rators are placing things in order for tbe
opening on next Monday.
To-day the band had its first practice
under the care of Alex T. Stewart, who is
to direct it during tbe exposition. He has
selected the best musicians, and will fur
nish a programme each afternoon and
evening during tne exposition in addition
to the regular programme.
On the request of Mr. Kins the children
under 12 of Contra Costa County will be
admitted free on August 15, aud adults
upon railroad coupon tickets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
OLD AND SICK AND
READY TO DIE,
Was on Her Way to Drown
Herself in Lake Mer
ritt.
SAVED FROM AN ENGINE.^
Mrs. Hunt's Sensational Attempt
to Commit Suicide at the
Depot.
MADE UP HER MIND TO DIE.
Disappointed at Being Foiled, She Was
Sent Home in the Patrol-
Wagon.
OaklaudOfftci San Fbakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 28. S
Old Mary Hunt is still alive, but she has
made up her mind that there is nothing to
live for, and if the narrow-gaugo engine
had not slowed up last night Mary would
have ended her sorrows on the track.
As the last train from San Francisco was
dashing up Webster street, at midnight,
an old woman stood on the track. There
are but few people on the streets at that
hour, and the glare of the headlight was
full on the feeble black figure before some [
one rushed on the track and pulled her
away.
The engineer saw the woman at the
same time, and ac there is a big curve at
that point and the grade is uphill he was
able to materially reduce the speed of his
train in c car's length. He did so, and
just as poor old Mary was pulled to a
place of safety the engine passed.
Officer Mackey had just been ont on a
run to East Oakland with the patrol, and |
as he was returning the woman was given |
into his custody.
At the police station she told a pathetic
story to Prison-keeper Swain.
"I left home after all the others had
gone to bed," she baid. "I did not want
to arouse them, so I slipped out of the
house. lam an old woman, over 70 years
of age. and I want to die. Yes, I want to
die, as I have nothing left to live for."
The old lady sank on to a bench ard
cried bitterly. Jailer Swain encouraged
her to continue with her story, and she
did so. .
"I intended to go to Lake Merritt and
there — " It was several minutes before
the broken-hearted creature could apeak.
"Yes, I had made up my mind to jump
into the lake.
•When 1 had walked as far as Webster
street, going toward the lake, I was so
weary that I sat down on a bench to rest.
My feet were sore. I have had no stock
ings for weeks and ray shoes hurt my feet.
I started to walk toward the lake, and as I
did so I saw the train coming up Franklin
street. I said to myself, why should I
take the long, dar£ walk when 1 can end
it right here? I did not hesitate a mo
ment, for I had made up my mind that I
wanted to go. 80 what difference did it
make to me which way I ended all?
"I saw tb« light and I never saw a iignt
look so pleasant in my life. I stared at it
and I believe that if I wanted to walk off
the track I could not have taken my eyes
off that light. Somebody pulled me off
the track. 1 do not know why they did
it. I wish they had left me alone and by
this time all would have been over."
When she finished her narrative old Mrs.
Hunt was trembling all over. She was
poorly clad and the midnight air was
chilly. Id her haste she had not put her
hat on and her thin shawl was drawn over
her head. At first it was thought that the
poor woman had been drinking, but the
thought was quicKiy dispelled. She was
simply a poor, broken-down old woman
who had outlived her age of usefulness
and who was truly anxious to seek relief
in death.
Officer Mackey took from the prison
dispensary a bottle of a drug labeled
"brandy" and gave the shivering woman
a good dose. She then proceeded to tell
them where her home was and that she
lived with a daughter. The officers were
about to let her depart when she said that
she would not trouble any one much
longer.
There was a tone about her "Good
night" that caused the jailer to call her
back. He refused to let her go alone, so
the patrol-wagon was pressed into service
and Officer Mackey took the woman to her
home at Twentieth and Chestnut streets.
Her friends were surprised when she was
delivered to them by an officer, and still
more so when they heard of her midnight
mission.
POLITICAL EQUALITY CLUB
Our Country's Sin Is Selfishness,
Its Virtue Independ
ence.
Dr. Bovard Has Acted Successfully as
a Policeman— Jewish Residents to
Combine to Form a School.
AItAMEDA, Cal.. July 28.— The Politi
cal Equality Club met last night at the
house of Mrs. £. A. Smith, 1725 Alameda
avenue. Mrs. Nlco Beck-Meyer delivered
a philosophic address on the status of
women of past times in tbe home and the
nation that held tbe attention of her nu
merous listeners. Drawing the lesson to
be learn ea from pre-existing generations,
■he said that each nation had its weak
ness and its strength. Our own country's
sin is selfishness; its virtue, independ
ence. Politics should be the expression of
the deepest love of a nation. Our work is
to write everlasting laws of justice and
fulfill them. It is a legacy we owe to the
coming generation, and now is our time
to do it. Ignorance of these vital ques
tions is only another name for selfishness.
Mrs. Beck-Meyer closed by reading an ex
ttactfrom a Danish book describing the
organizing and executive power of a wise
and good woman.
Miss Jane Roulston of San Francisco
made a very earnest speech. She held
that "we are on the verge of a miehty
crisis unparalleled in history, and~ we
should feel proud that we live at a time
when such conditions exist and we are
here to meet them."
In speaking of her own sex she declared
she had no patience with women. "Some
women are no better than beasts," she
said. Though not prepared to say what
tbe immediate effect on politics woman
would have, she held it as an axiom that
two strong; human beings are better than
one.
To her roind it was necessary that
woman suffrage in California be made
possible this year, or the cause of woman
would receive a serious setback.
Green Majors also spoke, his theme
being that as property rights are elevated
so surely are human rights and equality
01 rights decreased and degraded.
Mrs. Long's remarks were confined to
the necessity of carrying on the work of
suffrage education in each precinct.
A Clergyman as Folicemau.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 28.— Dr. Bovard
in commenting on Chief Rogers' remarks
on his Sunday prelude says: "I do not
know why Chiei Rogers 3bould consider
me incompetent as a policeman. Sergeant
Conrad will bear me out that it is not so
long ago since I ran down one of the
'light-fingered gentry 1 on my wheel, and
he was a much larger man than myself,
and handed him over to tbe police. Not
withstanding that the man confessed his
crime 1 was forced to swear to the com
plaint. Inside twenty-four hours tbe
man was behind the bars of the County
Jail. I call that clever."
Steam Up for the First Time.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 28.— The new
boilers at the City Electric Light and
Power-house were warmed up to-day for
the first time to discover if there were any
leaks requiring attention and to dry up
the masonry. Worn is being rapidly
pushed forward by the contractors now
tnat all legal hindrances have been re
moved, and within a fortnight it is hoped
to have the new plant in operation.
A New Church.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 28.— The Jewish
residents in Alameda met at Odd Fellows'
Hall last Sunday afternoon and organized
as the First Jewish Congregation of Aia
meda. Gus Zander was chosen president
and S. 8. Green secretary. Rev. Dr. M.
May is rabbi.
A Sunday-School Picnic.
ALAMEDA. Cal., July 28.— The boys of
the Sundav-iichool of St. Joseph's Church
went out to Leona Heights this morning
under the care of Father Sullivan to enjoy
themselves.
SELECT AUTOPSY
OF A SICK COW.
Although Apparently in
Good Health She Was
Affected.
EFFECT OF TUBERCULIN.
Dr. Pierce Provides an Object
Lesson for the City Coun
cilmen.
THEY ARE ALL SATISFIED.
The New Ordinance Will Go Through
and the Dairymen Are on the
Anxious Seat.
Oakland Office Sas Frajictsco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 28. )
This city is at present somewhat agitated
over its milK supply. A very stringent
ordinance is before the Council, and when
it is passed finally the Health Office will
have its hands full.
Some incredulity having been shown
regarding the infallibility of the tubercu
lin tost, the City Veterinarian gave a pub
lic demonstration this morning. Each of
the elite of officialdom received the follow
ing unique card of invitation yesterday:
: Health Department, Oaklakd, Cal.,) :
: Fifteenth at, nr. San Pablo aye., > :
July 27, 1896. > ;
: Dear Sir: Yon are requested to be pres- :
: ent in an autopsy to be held on a milch :
: cow, which has been subjected to the Tv- :
: berculin Test, according to rules as laid :
: down by the United Sta'.es Bureau of Am- :
: mal Industry at Washington, D. C, and :
: iound to react. :
: Autopsy to take dace at 10 a. m. Tue»- :
: day, July 28, at 1720 Webster. :
; Dk. Fred E. Pierce, :
City Veterinarian. :
: ( :
As a result tbe autopsy was a very dis
tinguished affair. Mayor Davie, Presi
dent Mott of the City Council, Council
men Bassett, Buckland, Heitman and
Watkinson, Expert Kaufman, Health Offi
cer Bradley and Drs. Laskey and Shuey
were there officially. Drs. Nickerson,
Pratt, De la Rue, Bueble, Sill, Boyes, Wil
son, Fißher and Aicerly were there profes
sionally and the Berkeley Health Officer,
was there from curiosity.
There were also others there to whom
the test meant thousands of dollars. They
were the dairymen and they were, per
haps, more interested than any other
class,
When the august assemblage had nerved
itself to tbe point of watching the slaugh
ter, the animal was led out. It was a
pure Durham and appeared to be a very
healthy animal. It belonged to Dr.
Wheeler and no one had any idea that it
was diseased. Last Saturday night it was
treated with tuberculin" and .it at once
showed signs of consumption by its riving
temperature.
Two butchers in fuil uniform took charge
of the an'mal. There is nothing very
delicate about cow-killing and most of
those present turned their heads. Wnen
they looked again the animal was dead.
A few minutes later its vitals were ex
posed and the sub-maxiliary glands proved
the truth of the symptoms developed by
the test. The lungs, although to a lesser
degree, also contained tubercules, and
everybody was .satisfied that the cow had
consumption.
The main object of Dr. Pierce in having
the autopsy public was to impress upon
the Councilmen the necessity of providing
a fund for the purchase of tuberculin and
adopting at once the pending ordinance.
Carriages had been ordered for 11
o'clock, and when the distinguished guests
returned to the City Hall they were all
convinced of the immediate necessity of
action.
Dairyman Fay had doubts about the
tuberculin test being always a reliable
one. He said the only symptom it pro
duced was a rise in the temperature of the
animal and he thought tbat this might be
produced by some other cause. He be
lieved that if the ordinance requiring this
test was passed by the Council the dairy
men would have to go out of business.
Dairyman Fox did not look at the mat
ter in exactly the same light as Mr. Fay.
He said that, while it was a hardship for
owners of dairy cattle to have them con
demned, yet they ought not to expect to
be allowed to sell tbe product of diseased
cows to the public
WAS MARRIED BY
HIS OWN MOTHER.
Two Young Berkeley People
Wedded With Quaker
Rites.
A SIMPLE CEREMONY.
Professor King of Wisconsin
Gathering Data Upon
Irrigation.
HE EULOGIZES CALIFORNIA.
No Fir 3 Chief Yet— The Library May
Close at Night— Crescent
C ü b.
BERKELEY. Cal,, Jnly 28.— The first
instance in Berkeley, and as far as can be
learned in California, of a Quaker lady
Dreacner marrying one of her children
took place this afternoon at the residence
of Town Treasurer Squires, in North Berke-
ley. Frank L. Naylor, son of A. W. Nay
lor, cashier of the Commercial Bank, was '
married to Miss Olive A. Squires, Mrs.
Rebecca Naylor, mother of the groom and
a regularly authorized preacher in the
Quaker church, tying the knot.
The ceremony was simplicity In itself,
all the formality usually attending up-to
date weddings being absent. When the
hour for the ceremony came the bride
and groom entered the wedding room
arm in arm and took their places in front
of the lady pastor. They were attended
by no one, not even little flower girls. »
"There was no giving away of the bride
by her father nor attendance by maids of
honor or groomsmen. Having walked
into the room of ceremony and taken
their station in a bay-window, Rev. Mrs.
Naylor made a few introductory remarks,
asking if any one objected to the union,
and if not ;o "forever hold your peace."
Requesting the contracting parties to
grasp right hands and asking if each ac
cepted the other "for better or worse,"
she pronounced them husband and wife.
A prayer concluded the ceremony and
then Mr. and Mrs. Naylor were introduced
to the guests.
There was a conspicuous absence of
"thee" and "thou" in the ceremony,
which are often present on such occasions
where Quakers are concerned The newly
married pair left on the evening express
for Shasta, whe-e they will spend their
honeymoon.
Mr. and Mrs. Naylor will live on Shat
tuck avenue unon their return from the
Nortu. About lifty guests were present at
the ceremony.
No Fire Chief Tet.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 28.— 1t was gen
erally expected tbat a Fire Chief would be
chosen at the meeting of the Town Board
last evening, but on account of there not
being a full attendance of Trustees, andot
the fact that considerable opposition exists
against the single candidate, James
Kenny, the appointment was postponed
until the next meeting. Recommendations
of Kenny were read from J. H. Troy, an
insurance agent of Oakland, and from a
number of East Berkeley business men,
about thirty having signed a petition ask
ing that he be appointed.
Populist* "Will Try Again.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 28.— The Popu
lists of Berkeley will make another effort
at organization to-morrow evening. A
meeting has been called to take place in
Pythian Hall, and if a sufficient number
are present organization for the campaign
wiil be effected. An urgent call has been
issued for all Populists of Berkeley to be
present. An effort was made to organize
last week, but because of the few adher
ents of the party present the matter was
postponed.
.. Crescents Elect Directors.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 28.— 80b Creel
man and J. C. Berry were elected directors
of the Crescent Athletic Club last evening,
and ; \V. E. •; Owens - leader, in ;- place of
George Wilcox, resigned.
JU A committee was appointed , to arrange
for a ladies' night, to be held on August 6.
Another : gentlemen's night will ;be given
about August 20. '
■ May Close at Night.
; BERKELEY, Cal.. July 28.— The library
fund of the State University is so low. that
there seems to boa probability of bavintr
to close the library at night because of
lack of funds to defray the expense of elec
tric-lighting. SSllli
CHRISTIAN WORKERS.
They Support Chief Lloyd in His Ven
eration of the Sabbath.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 23.— Chief of
Police Lloyd has the moral backing of
more than 5000 Christian Endeavorers of
this county in his work, and at a meeting
of the Alameda Couuty Christian En
deavor, when it was reported that he bad
refused the request of the rifle team of the
National Guard to allow the team of offi
cers to shoot a match with them on a Sun
day, the following was unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, The Chief of Police of the City of
Oakland, Charles E. Lloyd, has denied the
request of the National Guard for the men
under his command to shoot a match with
them on the Sabbath day, be it
Resolved, That the thanks of the Alameda
County Christian Endeavor Union be tendered
to C. E. Lloyd for the stand he has taken
av»i»>' 1 tn> t-wcration of the Sabbath.
Resolved, That a copy of the resolutions be
transmitted to Mr. Lloyd and that a copy a.so
Auction S&lcs
AUCTIOS SUE!
£fc fe &* ia*
Thursday. ......July 30, 1896,
- ....At 11 a. M.. at.... ';,:: : :
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st.,
kNqfiMHaflWSf-WB will SKLI, . ' mWWLJJ "iVIiiJ
80 Head of Sound You Horses. broKen and on-.
broken, from 4 to 7 years old, weighing from 1000
to 1400 lbs; also, Saddle Horses and Polo Ponies.
No reserve or limit. . ■ :
BULJJVArT & DOYLE, ADCtionaera.
be sent to the different pastors in the City of
Oakland with the request that they be read
In their public service and words of com
mendation of this actof Mr. Lloyd's be spoken.
D ALTON'S MILITARY ROLLS
Supervisor Church Charges That They
Have More Names Than They
Should Contain.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— Supervisor
Church stated to the board that a com
parison of the military rolls made by As
sessor Dalton had been made and had
been found to contain 762 names which had
been duplicated. Supervisor Church is
the leader of the solid four.
He desired to see the Assessor's foes
corrected, as he received 5 cents for esch
name.
"The insinuation that I st uffed the roll
for the sake of $33 10 is absurd ," said As
sessor Dalton. "The mistake is a simple
on . There are about sixty or seventy
fie dbooks and the military roll was made
up 1 from them. It 13 very evident that
one of the fieldbooks was included twice,
as the number of duplicates is just about
the same as the number in each rield
ebook."
*. Premature Staleinent.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— The pub-
lished statements in regard to Rev. Dr.
1 Henry A. Btimp?on accepting a call to the
First Congregational Church were prema
ture. While his name, among many
others, was mentioned several months
ago, it was learned that he could not come
to California, and so published at tne time.
Several leading Congregational divines
have been approached by the committee
on pastoral relations, but as yet no success
I in securing a pastor has been attained.
PROFESSOR KING.
A Scientist Visiting California to Study
Irrigation.
PBERKELEY, Cal., July ,28.— Professor
F. H. King, head of the department of
agricultural physics at the Wisconsin
State University, one of the foremost men
of his State and an authority on soil
physics, having written a complete work
on that subject, was the guest of Professor
E. W. Hilgard to-day at the State Univer-
Professor F. H. King, Head of the De
partment of -Agricultural Physios at
the Wisconsin state University. Who
Is Visiting California in the Inter*
ests of Irrigation.
sity. Professor King arrived from the
East on last Saturday, having come to
California for the purpose of investigating
the systems of irrigation practiced on the
coart.
Professor Hilgard escorted him abont
the botanical gardens, agricultural experi
ment station, tobacco patches and through
the greenhouses and conservatories. The
distinguished Wisconsin professor was
appalled at the sight of certain
kinds of vegetation growing in a
prolific Btate without water, which
if in his State would wither away and die
m a few days without extensive and con
tinued irrigation. He was indeed sur
prised to see stately stalks of green corn,
mammoth cucumber vines, four-foot arti
choke stalks, rice-paper trees, mestang
grapevines, native gourds, ever-blooming
acacia and a myriad of ordinary vegeta
bles and flowers breaking their very stalks
with such a rank growth ol foliage, grow
ing wholly without irrigation.
The professor goes south to-day.
Schools Largely Attended. t
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— The public |
schools opened yesterday in this city with i
an Increased attendance in every section, i
The number of pupils in attendance at the
various schools were reported as follows :
Franklin 5:25, Garfield 515. Durant 729,
Cole 695, Clausson 454, Grant 188, Harrison
271, Tompkins 313, Lafayette 651, Grove
139, Lincoln 631, Swett 320, Presoott 760.
Much interest is shown in tne new Cen
tral Grammar School. It has b en esti
mated that about 475 pupils would enroll I
there and nearly 400 did report yesterday. \
Undoubtedly the larger number will be j
reached by the end of the week.
The Tblrd Time.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— The third
trial of Michael Collins for the killing of
Philip Boogar will come up on Thursday,
August 6. It was set for Tuesday, but
was changed at tbe request of the District
Attorney, owing to his engagement before
the Supreme Court.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
Receiver's Sale of Matthey & Young
(Insolvency).
TO-MORROW.
Thursday... July 30. 1896.
.At 11 o'clock a. m , on the premises.
Palace llestanrant, 867 Market Street
WB WI 1.1. BELL
Stock and Fixtures of Above Restaurant,
COMPBISI J."G. . .
Cash Register, Counters, Showcases. Vienna
Chairs. Tables, Mirrors, Table Cloths, Diapktns,
Cutlery, crockery. Glassware, Casters, Llno-
l<-nai. coppern'ara, stationary Range, Iron
Safe, Silverware, and everything appartaintng
to a first-class restaurant.
CHAS. LEVY <fc CO.. Auctioneers.
RICHARD I. WIIKLAN, Sheriff.
DECLINED SECOND PRIZE.
Mr. Johnson Wished First or
Nothing in the Cake
Walk.
IHe Cried Out Against the Injustice
to Himself an.l His
Lady.
Oaeland Office San Fbanxisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 28. i
The cake-walk at the Macdonough The
ater to-night was more than a success.
One of the candidates created a sensation
and received a storm of bisse3 by refusing
the second prize, because he thought he
should have been awarded the first.
Mr. Johnson was very mad at the result,
and took advantage of his; opportunity to
deliver a short lecture to the fashionable
audience. 'Popularity should net govern
this contest," said Mr. Johnson! "Only
merit should count, and on behalf of my
self and lady I decline the second prize."
The occasion was the ftreweli benefit to
ex-manager C. E. Cooke and the cake
walk was the star number on the pro
gramme. There were five couples and at
the close "John," the porter at Hanni-
I fin's, was declared by judges and audience
to have earned the goid watch. John
made a speech, but when Mr. Johnson was
awarded the order for a suit of clothes he
scornfully declined.
"Major" Waters was therefore declared
the winner of the second prize. The
major is Oakland's 7-foot colored man and
he received the order for the clothes very
j gallantly.
The major is, every inch of his 84, a
gentleman. He made a speech of than ks,
and assured hia numerous friends in the
audience- that he would be seen on Broad
way on Sunday dressed in his new suit.
The major also said lie would be "at
home" to-morrow to any of his friends
who might wish to call and congratulate
him, and as he did so he bowed very cour
teously to the fashionable coteries in the
I boxes. ''Joe," the proprietor of a shoe
black stand, was awarded the third prize,
! a lur.ije cake. The affair created great en
thusiasm, and the ruffled temper of Mr.
Johnson only served to add a new but
welcome number to the programme.
Second Ward Republicans.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— At the meet
i ma of the Second Ward Republican Club,
! T. R. Porter president, at Milton Hall on
; Thursday evening, there will be addresses
I by candidates and action will be taken re
-1 garding the Congressional primaries of
I next week. The club proposes to run a
ticket on that occasion, but it is not known
which candidate for Congressman its list
of delegates will support if successful at
the polls.
The Gold-Brick Swindle.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— The trial of
; Gordon, charged with selling Banker
Stephen G. Little of Dixon a brass brick
! fora gold one, was resumed before a jury
I and Judge Greene to-day. Tue opening
: statements were made, after which the
1 banker related his experience with the al
leged swindlers. It was the same as given
at the examination in the Pelice Court.
In wall to Appear.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 28.— Harry In.
wall, charged with approaching Juror E.
M. Lipka with intent to bias him in the
gold-bricK case, will appear before Judge
Greene next Saturday morning at 10
o'clock and try to convince his Honor that
he "never done it." If he fails it is prob
able that the Judge will make an example
of him.
NEW TO-DAY.
dh mW
■^^^p tfnioiVDr,
ifefttl hi " Years
H^^Si In Wood •
ll^Wy Before
|tBiiii^!| Bottling.
MZESiiEJLgM' (• Marl I IN'
|ff]lMpVtJJ»*^l Li IVlnnilii
'^SBi 411 Market St.
Bill re ITCHING PILES
1 I&B&aW niNTMPNT
absolutely etnas. UIW I 111 Lie I ■
'■ gYMPTOiiS-Molirture; ' Intense Itchlac and
. •tliielnr; most at night i wopte by aT -atchlnc. If
allowed tn continue tumors form and protrude,
; - which often bleed and ulcerate, becoming tut .
•oire. f*W VY.NKVS OI.XTMKNT dtops the Itching
sad bleetllns, henl» nlccratloo, and in mwtlmi
KBtTM the tnmorm. *.«< tout DtujgU; fora.
oc>s:M:c3x=»c>i-i:rTwA.:Kr.
i Opposite O. S. Mint, 100 and 103 FlfU* st, > S»V
i »ncisco, Cal.— rue moat select family botal la
_C 8 city. Board and room. $1, #1 25 and 41 6J Mr
cay, according to room. Alaala 25a Boom*, ij j j
I •lid 780 a day. ••• i'reeooacb to and from ma QOiat.
! Look tor tua coacii beariug Uw uaaaa at \u« I O^«.
BWpoUttka JioioL Wii. i'AUis;!' i'loyriuioi
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, , ATTORNEY- AT-
: \J law and Notary Public, 634 Jtartet su, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone a 7U. Kegideac* l&M
I lellw. ' Telephone. "Pisa", -Jyl. . . •
' "9 r * on 's Dispensary,
(J2 '"* KEAKX V ST. Established
Kr v^^a ln 1»5» for the treatment of Private
al)r. Giblxm's Dispensary,
(»2oKEARSTST. Established
In 1554 lor thetreiunientof Private
•s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
" C3^E«3 &$h disease wearingonbodyandmlndand-
± "WSS^ S^ Skin Diseases, 'rhodoctorcureswh^a
Iw!&fi& I others fail. Try him. Charges low. t
, i^TiWlnitia fntrr rmrniin i il Callorwrite.
a»r. J. r.uIBBON. Box 1957. Sail Francisco!
1314
THE REPUBLICAN LEAGUE
Plans for Formation To-Night
of a Great Local
Bcdy.
Th: Meeting for Organization Will Be
Held in the Rooms of the
Union League CiUb.
On Thursday evening, July 21, a number
of prominent Republicans met in the
assembly chamber of the Union League
Club and appointed a committee of live to
recommend a plan of organization for a
large central Republican club to work
upon JJational lines, said committee to re
port at a meeting to be held in the assem
bly-room of the Union League CluD this
.evening at 8 o'clock. This proposed club
is not part of nor has it any connection
with the Union League Club, the rooms of
which have simply been thrown open to it
as a meeting place for purposes of organi
zation in the interests of Republican pol
itics.
The following is the plan submitted by
Committeeman Stone to be reported atthe
general meeting to-night, to which a large
number of prominent local Republicans
have been invited:
* We suggest that a. Central Republican
League Club be organized under the constitu
tion recommended- by the National League of
Republican Clubs, known as the lowa plan.
That the officers consist of a president, eigh
teen vice-presidents, a secretary ana a treas
urer.
That an executive committee be appointed
by the president, to consist of the officers of
the club and one member from each Assembly
district in the county.
.Wje offer the annexed plan and article! for
■consideration by the assembly:
ARTICLE I— NAME.
Tne organization shall be known as "The
National Republican League of San Fran
cisco."
ABTICLK II— PLAN.
To create a large Republican club in the
City aud County of san Francisco, under the
authority, constitution and jurisdiction of the
:i.tate and National League of -Republican
Clubs_
"ARTICLE III — OBJECT.
<_. To promote in every legitimate way the
success of the Republican party, its principles
and candidates.
2. The club shall not be used in any way to
further the interests of any candidate for offic3
previous to nomination.
ARTICLE IV— MEMBERSHIP.
Any resident of the City and County of San
Francisco who will support the principles of
the Republican party Is eligible to member
ship.
■ ARTICLE V— DUES.
The membership dues are 50 cents each year,
payable in advance. Members desiring a State
c certificate of membership will be required to
'pay 25 cents additional, which will be turned
into the treasury of the State League.
ARTICLE VI— OFFICERS.
There shall be a president, one vice-presi
dent from each Assembly District in the City
of San Francisco, a secretary a_4 a treasurer,
all of whom shall be elected annually by the
club, and who shall hold office until their suc
cessors are duly elected and qualified.
ARTICLE VII — COMMITTEES.
1. There shall be three standing committees,
to wit: Executive, finance and membership.
2. The executive committee shall consist ol
the president, the secretary, the treasurer and
one member from each Assembly district in
San Francisco, to be appointed by the presi
dent. Its duty shall be to enforce the provis
ions of the constitution and by-laws and to
have executive control of the political affairs
of the club. The president and secretary
shall be ex-officio chairman and secretary of
the committee.
3. The finance committee shall consist of the
treasurer and six members to be chosen by the
club: It sJiaH be their duty to provide funds
for the expenses of tbe club and to superin
tend its financial affairs. *
4. The committee on membership shall con
sist of the eighteen vice-presidents. It shall
be the # duty — and, it is hoped, the pleasure—
of this committee to use all reasonable means
to extend the membership of the organization
till every ward, precinct and locality is repre
sented by an active membership in the club;
also to aid in the organization of other clubs
throughout the City and County, which clubs
shall be auxiliary to this organization.
5. Tiie executive committet- shall have the
authority to appoint an assistant secretary,
and allow him such compensation as is deemed
Just and proper.
ARTICLE VIII— AMENDMENTS.
The constitution and by-laws may be
amended at any annual meeting of the club by
a majority vote or by a majority vote of all the
members of the executive committee.
ARTICLE IX— QUORUMS.
1. Twenty-five members shall constitute a
quorum at any meeting of the club.
2. Seven members of the executive commit
tee shall constitute a quorum.
Tne circular sent yest-rday to five hun
dred Republicans is sieved by T. CMas
teller, H. C. Dibble, T. H. Rush. Tirey L.
Ford.^ancT George Stone, chairman. "One
of the object" of the central organization
is to enlist tbe energies and support of
' young mt-n who are not members of dis
trict clubs. The circular says: "We be
lieve that a club organized and conducted
on broad lines will be of material help to
the party, and will be of especial assist
ance to other organizations in the cam
paign for patriotism, protection and pros
perity."
ONLY ONE BIDDER CAME,
The Reorganization Committee
Bought the Trust
Property.
Sale of the Whisky Distillery Site Was
Largely a Matter of
Form.
Only a small audience gathered at the
Larkin-street entrance of the City Hall
yesterday forenoon to attend the auction
of the property of the whisky trust in this
c City. In truth, as the event turned out,
Jhe matter was really only pro forma and
• while there was an actual sale the prop
erty will still remain in the hands of the
stockholders of the trust.
The troubles of the trust have previons
ly been recounted* in brief. The appoint
ment of General McNulta as receiver was
the result of dissensions among the stock
holders. But these stockholders really
aimed at depriving Mr. Greenhut of power
"and never have Intended to relinquish the
plan devisen for the contro lof the output
of the great whisky distilleries in the sec
tion selected for their operations. While
General McNulta has been closing up the
" affairs of the old concern under the orders
of the Federal courts a reorganization
las been formed, and. this committee has,
counting in the real estate which was yes
terday acquired in this City, practically
gained possession of about all the trust's j
assets. This is of course preliminary to
assuming charge of the business upon the
discharge of the receiver, which will be
effected very soon, as. he has comparative
ly little remaining to be done in this
connection.
H. M. Anthony, who is connected with
the firm of Nowlin & Fassett, the local at
torneys for Receiver McNulta, raised his
voice in an announcement of the condi
tions attending the sale at 10 o'clock yes
terday forenoon. What he said was sub
stanially as follows:
"On behalf of the reorganization com
mittee of the Distilling and Cattle-Feeding
Company, I bid, in the name of John N.
Kenney. the nominee of that committee,
the sum of $33,500 for all the property em
braced within the notice of sale." That
was practically all there was to the event,
with the notable exception that the occa
sion brought out General McNulta in his
capacity of reader in public. That eminent
attorney waded through columns of de
scriptions of blocks and plats in fine ad
vertising type and then paused and
mopped his forehead.
No" one bid against the reorganization
committee. The different parcels were
struck oft separately and then collectively,
and for a short time Mr. Anthony reveled
in the possession, by proxy, of a choice
assortment of fifty-varas and other real
estate of large extent and considerable
value. Altogether, the reorganization
committee had already acquired several
million dollars' worth of assets of the
whisky trust. The amount of $9,500,000
was bid for trnst properties in a sale at
Chicago some time ago, the reorganization
committee taking it all.
Some of the prices named by the reor
ganization committee for San Francisco
realty yesterday follow: There were five i
parcels in all, which were embraced in the
old distillery sites at North Beach and in j
South San "Francisco resDectively. Two j
50-varas between Chestnut, Lombard, De
visadero and Scott streets were sold for
$6000; sixso-varas bounded by Lombard, I
Chestnut, Pierce and Scott were sold at
$21,000. The South San Francisco prop
erties were in three parcels, which brought
$4100, $1800 and $650, or $6600 in ail for the
South San Francisco site, and $27,000 for
the North Beach site. John N. Kenney,
in whose name the properly was bid in, is
also the secretary of the reorganization
committee.
• — » — •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
FTjSS HOUSE.
8 M Mercy, Martinet J H McCioafcey, Merced
I McCarthy, Vallejo J A Offl, Sac
C A Williams, iviilumt U Bulger, San Jose
L M Walker, »an Diego D D Parton, Sac
T Woods, Sac L Taylor, Or
W H Wilson, Haaford W W Smith, Uklah
W Doherty, Hanford J D Strunk, Pa
J G Sexten: Pleasanton W R Hlunerschltz, Ps>
B French, Ban Jose Mrs Hartsmn.Marysvills
W Nelson, Qrayson Mrs McKenna, Marysrll
£ s Heller, Pasad na C W Thompson, Tomales
C Sawerlorey, Jerome J T Brandon. Centerville
A H Bell, w <fe -J d,S Jone E T NortOD, Mcx
J H Martin, Woodland C C Castle, Stockton
E J Fitzpatrick, Or G Rennekle, Bollnas
H Knnpp, Los Angeles J Frazer, Bclinas
II Butler. Santa Crue D Ward, Detroit
H X Hazlett, Port Costa F Ward, Detroit
J U Hill, Pt Townsend J Milk , f-anta Monica
W W Taylor, Nev A M Cestfelder, Cal
A Matin, Malage J Stevens A w. Cal
S Scawab, Capy X S CoDe, Stockton
M A Bridge. Jacksonvile N Stockhoff. Fisks MIU
E Fowler, Her Mrs I Barker, Kansas
R Shone, Pasadena Miss Q Barker, Kansas
W B Farley, Santa Rosa Miss E Barker, Kansas
B Thurston, Kansas R C Lydecker, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
D H Oaborn. Ukiah J c Clark, Portland
X X Smart. Dutch Flat J T Johnston * w, Cal
W (iraham, Cal J E Brownlle, Vallejo
M D Mcrrett, Oakland G M Francis, N'apa
X C George. Kenwood P Purcell, Cal
J B Hoyt. Bird's Lndg H O Richards, Portland
Mrs Hinton, Stockton Miss Hinton, Stockton
J W McCarthy & w. Cal B F Mccollough, Hawaii
F R Hulton. Albany M rs A G Ilolton, N V
Miss (ialnes Albany Geo Baker, >an Jose
J M Priest, I.os Angeles Mrs L Heese, Los Ang
<.' E WVrmouth, Texas Mary J Hntchinson, Cal
I'rs Or Ottmer. Kureka M G Colmati, Napa
F A Cromwell, Petaluma Master Cromwell, t'al
Mrs P E Stewar. , Pa Miss M A Stewart, Pa
Miss F G Stewart. Pa J T Beasley & w. Ind
E A Bridgeford, Colnsa J GallaghPr, Fresno
M L Kaisen, Stockton W p Thomas, Vkiah
J H Jarobs. Cal W P Hudson, Chicago
J Henderson, Oakland W J McNulty, Sacto
A R Gilchnst <fe w. cal J H Glass, Paso Roblcs
A L Levinsky, Stockton L J Starr, Stockton
A McPike, St Helena T W Phelps, Los Angeles
H B Choice, rresno
PALACE HOTEL.
W B Wells, Stanford F W Babcock, N T
E T McGonigle, Aris T J McGulre, N V
A C Kennedy, NY J W Copman, N V
S T Battin Jr, S J F F Jaques, Chicago
C B Dopp, Boston D J Hurley, Los Angeles
H T Pon clex: er G E Merur. Topfka
Miss M J A Jalsohn, D C P F Almansa. Mexico
J X Chace, Snnta Cru« S Asatio. Japan;
H C Kawa. Japan S Tonlsta. Japan
H Kobayashl, Japan A O Bacon, Ga
W Dessau, Ga S Rucker, San Jose
M T Gerdiriß * w, S Rfel Mrs X Townsend. Conn
W T Townsend, Conn Miss Townsend, Conn
G H Townseod, conn W F Barrett, Chicago
R T Moore, Scotland A W iScholl. N V
Q L Veatete, Chicago C B Stack pole, N V
LICK HOL^E.
T J Murray, Volcano Mrs Valensin, Arno
Mrs McCawley. For Lk F W Hayne, New Zeald
F X Johnston. Napa Mrs J Goodman, Teun
Mrs R Gronauer, Term A Goodman, Term
Mrs Wallace Ai.Visalla Mrs Murray <fc f, Vlsalia
Mrs F B Johnson, Ssan J C X Newell", Oakland
Miss B Sheldon, NY J J Sweeney, Sacto
W B Farley, Santa Rosa W H Wilbur, Oakland
G F Buck, Stockton G L Hoxle, Fresno
W R Caruthers.Santa R J W Howell, Merced
C II Fuller Aw,] os Ang (t E Dlckson, Los Ang
H W Schram, Mexico J L Delano, Rocklin
Mrs M s Simmons, Wls L Leinlnger, Wls
Jessie McNeil, Wis 8 F Black, Sacto
Dr a M Gardner, Napa I Copeland, Valliclta
A W Riley, Santa Rosa Mrs S Mitchell, Valliclta
NEW WESTERN* HOTmX.
C Good, Napa C W Johnson, Oakland
H H Raymond, Detroit W L Morton, Detroit
E W Bell, Youngstown J Arnold. Youngstown
k S Adams, Hornitas R H Brayton, Los Ang
J M Eddy, Los Ang R H Jotifs, Tacoma
G L Winters. Tacoma E M Wallace, Seaitie
W H Ander on, Portland H Hart. Cnicago
LJ Brown, Salt Lake W black, Montreal
G L Miller, Oakland
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E. H. Knight to John Everting, lot on N line of
Lombard street, 137:6 \V of Fillmore, W 11 by B
120: $10.
Sadie M. Morgan to Rachel H. Lambsrt, lot on
W line of Broderick street, 100 8 of Bush, b 37:6
by W 127:6: $10.
- Arthur O'Brien to Ho Jones, lot on N line of
Hancock street, 205 \V of Sanchez, W 25 by N
114; $10.
Daniel and Lilian N. Ostrander to Golden Role
M. B. ar.d L. Association, lot on N line of Twenty
.second street, 185 E of >ioe, 823 by X 114; $10.
Louisa L. C. Haberilng to James 1,. Flood, lot
on NE line of Stevenson street, 156 NE of Fourth.
XX 20 by SB 70: $10.
Thomas McKage to Uannora McKagc, lot on SE
line of Clementina street, 100 SW of Eighth. S\V
25 by SE 76; gift
Alfred Peacock to Caroline Gilbert, lot on W line
of Utah street, 50 Bof Santa Clara, B 25 by W 100;
David and Emma F. Emerson to Augusta Hol
llue, lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 175 S of. Cle
ment street, 8 25 by E 120: $10.
J. W. Yulll to M. A. Meier, lots 22 and " 23. block
651, Hay Park Homestead Association: $'20.
Michael and Catherine A. McCann to same,
same; grant.
M. A. Meir to John Farron, same; grant.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Frederick and Wilhelmlna Zerwer to Dravlna
Lang.lot on E lm» of Kennedy street,3oo 8 of Fred
erick, d 25 by E 125, being lot 33. block A, Cam
den, Twenty-third avenue Tract, East Oakland;
Jacob Wilber to Ferdinand L. Van Dem ark, lot
on 8 line of San Antonio avenue,2oo W of Walnut,
W 50 by.;S 160, being lot 14 in E% of block L,
Pioneer Homestead Association, Alameda; $10.
• Mary K. >chieffelln to Tillie C. Duveneck, lo on
E line of Parn street. 75 R of San Jose avenue, N
75 by E 147, being lot 14 and N half of lot 5,
block X, OaV Pars. A'ameda: $10.
K. A. and Martha J. nine* to .M. L. Wnrts, lot
4, block 8, Map of - State -University Homestead
Association No. 3. quitclaim deed, Berkeley: $10.
Anna Be.ban (wife of Rocco) • to Carlo Dell Osso,
lots 18 to 20 and all of lot 21, which Is 40x136, in
block 7, Jose Domingo Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Mark Voegelln to Marx Blum, lot on W line of
Bray avenue. 607:01 X of East Fourteenth street,
>' 72:6 by \V 300, being the > half of lot 21, Bray
Tract, Berkeley Township: $200.
Lilly F. Nicolaldes (wife of N.) to Charles W.
Bolles, lot on s line of Walton (or Thirty-fifth)
street, 303 \V of Telegraph avenue, 159 by 8
119:10. being lot 13, portion of estate of A. C.
Brown, quitclaim deed, Oakland: $6.
H. C. Campbell and T. B. Kent, trustees for
Georgie B. Heed (wife of H. B.), to San Francisco
Savings Union, lots 9, 18, 16, 17, 20, 21 and 24,
block 446: lots 1, 2, 3, 11 to 14, 39 to 4-', block
476; lots 10 ana 1 1, block 490, and lots 5, 6, --'7
and 28, block 491, Briggs Tract, trustees deed,
Oakland: $2600. .. ■ ... .
. Same trustees for F. A. Brown to same, lots 21
and 22, block 2, Blasdel Tract, Map 2, trustees'
deed. Brooklyn Township; $360.
- Same trustees for Bartolome and ("atherina de
I.ucco to same, lot on W line of Sherman street,
48 N of Buena Vista avenue, N 52 by W 100. block
E, Map of 144 lots In Page Tract, trustees' deed.
Alameda: $1000.
. Same trustee* for Millard F. Hudson to same,
lot on X\V corner of Buena Vista avenue and Min
turn street, W 64 by .&* 125, block 51, property of
Columbus Bartlett, trustees' deed, Alameda;
.Susan and William F. Porter to Robert Moss,
lot on S line of Third street, 68:3 W of Magnolia,
W 50 by B 106, beins lots 28 and 29, block 446,
Brigcs Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $10.
- Louisa Camper to Andrew Camper, lot on E cor
ner of Thirteenth avenue and • East Twenty-third
street, 50 fee: on Thirteenth avenue by 120 on
East Twenty-third street, block 141, East Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $i. .
Katherine V. Klinkner (executrix of the estate
of Charles A. Klinkuer) to 'William R. Davis, lot
8,. block 10. Herzog Tract, Oakland Township;
Maria Da villa to Fortnnato Angell and Eugenlo
Gluri, lot on SE corner Forty-fourth and drove
streets, S 50 by E 90. being portion of plat 36,
ltaucho V and D Peralta, Oakland Township; $10.
Knit y M. Illncklcy to Frank H. Haddart, sub
divisions 19 and IS of lot 6, block 24. Daley's
Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley; $50. > •'
Frank H.Hudlart to Frank M. Wilson, same.
Berkeley; $10. ; : . .-•••
Josefa N. Harris to E. L. Benedict, lot on SE
corner/Third and 4 Xeal streets. E 10 ) by s 100,
being portion of plat 42, Ro el Valle de San : Jose
Pleasanton. Murray Township; fid. - ■ . , .-.< , t ■. . 7
. U. K. and Adeline T. I'orterfield to H. M. Keyes,
lot on SW corner Sixth and Castro streets, W 78
by S 26. lot. 16, block 49, subject tV mortgage for
WOOO.oS 1 li I ns:^s. k MOclat!on '«
J. R. Mead (trustee, etc., et al.) to B. C. Fab
rique, lot on S line of Mead , avenue. 250 W of San
Pablo, 26 by S 125.70, being lot 55. Mead Park,
Oakland: $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Mead avenue 276
V. of Bm> Pablo, W 26 by S 125.70. being lot 64,
Mead Park, Oakland: $10.
■ B. C. and Elizabeth G. l abrlque to J. R. Taylor
lot on B lme of Meul avenue. 250 W of San Pablo.
land" br 125.70. be»nu, lots 54 and 65, same. Oak-
J And « »r 10. < „ * " ' . ■ -
£ Hamilton J. Coleman to Karnh M. Coleman. lot
on s\v corner of Mark and Eighteenth streets
W 100 by s 36:8. lot 1. block 69a, Market-street
Tract, Oakland : $10.
- Same to same, lots 19 and 20. block 2098. A!den
Tract at Temescal, Oakland Township; $10.
John L. Bromley (trustee of the estate of Delflna
A. Cariick) to Guorge W. Carrlck (trustee), on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
divided half of lot on W line of Spruce street, 180
8 of Rose. W 134:7 by S 90. lot 8 and N half of Io t
9. T. M. Antisell's Map of villa lots, Berkeley;
also undivided half of property In Contra Costa
County; $1.
Same to Alice D. Carrick. undivided half of
same (two pieces), Berkeley; $1.
Samp to Gee W. carrick. undivided one-half of
the same (2 pieces), Berkeley: fl.
John G. and B. Klumpke to OttoNordlne, lot 17,
block 1, Case Tract, Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $62.
E. G. Case administrator estate of Jane L. Case
to same, all interest in sume, Berkeley; $190.
James M. and Jennie Weeks to Samuel William
son, lot on N line of Uellevue street. 466:6 >■ of
Fruitvale avenue, E 35. N 136:2. W 36, 8 187 :3 io
beginning, uor.ion of lots 30 and 31, resubuivtsfon
Bellevue Tract, Brooklyn Township, subject to ]
mortgage for $800; $100.
I .loseph A. Leonard Company to George W. Crad
! dock. lot on S line of Clement avenue. 60 W of
I Mulberry, W 30 by S 150, block 16, lands adjacent
to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Same to Horace P. Brown, lot on R line of
Clement avenue, 90 W of Mulberry. \V 30 by S
160, block 16, same; $10.
Hamilton J. Coleman to Sara M. Coleman, prop
erty in city of Chicago, III.; $10.
- ==
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCSINRSB OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca__
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICBB-630 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op*n until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:«0 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streeta, •pea
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF 91— KTlNGs.
gpap MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. _
»»~~ r and A. M._ Called meeting THIS_V_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30"5fy
o'clock. Second degree. By order of the/V>
W. M. . . C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
»T^» MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. *
»-»' 44, F. and A. Meeting THLS__\_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30"« V
o'clock. Second degree. /~»r>
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
9£55* A. O. H., DIVISION NO. 2.-A%_-«n»>
** > *' special meeting of the above division \vvw«
will be held at Hlbernla.Ball, 120 Ninth W\_f
street, on FRIDAY EVENING, July 31, CC\_iJ
at 8 o'clock, sharp. Business of great lm- *~_J»
portance will be transacted at this meeting.
' BARTLY LEE, FresidenU
John Kenny, Secretary. -
St^S 3 WALDECK SANITARIUM— ANNUAL
•"■* * meeting cf the stockholders will be held at
717. Jones street on TUESDAY, August 4, at
8:30 p.m. WINSLOW ANDERSON, Presld»nU
C. E. Cooper, Secretary.
(K_p OFFICE OF THE GERMAN SAVINGS
Kb— ' and Loan society— The annual meeting of
tbe stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
Society will be held at the office of the society. No.
526 California street. In the City ana County of
San Francisco, State of California, on MONDAY,
the 10th day of August, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. _
for the election of a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as shall legally come before the
meeting. OEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
SP— CIA— notices.
J^^P^o^tor^TattlentTo^TTwTlTfTr".
«£**£? nish a single rig as good as the city affords
and reliable driver for $50 per month. Address
E. A., box 57, this office.
»^K=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
m^G" collection:! made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont su. room 6. Tel. 6680.
SITUATIONS WANT— U B.
R. HANSEN _ CO?, "lib GEARY HT M
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orUers: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 186. :
VEAT SWEDISH GIRL, WITH REFERENCE,
Xi desires a situation to do cooking and house-
work. J. F.CROSETT _ ca. 312 Sutter su
pOMPETENT FRENCH SECOND GIRL DE-
\J sires situation: best reference: city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 1-3 Satter st. •
NGLISU-TRAINED NURSE TO TAKE
S-J care of an invalid or confinement case: small
wages. MRS.' LOUIS. Buena Vista aye., near Ar-
bor st., Alameda. - - •
EAT, YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A SIT-
Xi nation for light nous-work: Is willing and
obliging: . sleep home; Mission. Addrest M. 11.,
2518 Mission sU
\V r ANTED— BY ENGLISH WOMAN HOUSE-
-11 cleaning, washing or nursing, by the day. Ad-
dress MRS. LOUIS, Buena Vista aye., near Arbor
su, Alameda.
WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS HOUBE-
»' keeper: sewing and mending. Call after 11
a. _ 821 Mission at., room 3.
RS. M. JOHNSTON, 996 MARKET ST.;
only first-class female help furnished.
ITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
Protestant woman for general homework. Ad-
dress 314 Jessie st.
W OMAN WISHES A POSITION AS HOUSE-
»T keeper. 1102 Howard sU
ESPECTABLK WOMAN, WITH REFEK-
ences, wants to do housekeeping for a gentle-
man with a family. Address F. M., box 42, Call.
WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION, COOK-
O Ing or housework. Apply 1020 Mission at. ,*/
\'OUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE TO Do O KN-
-1 end housework; wages $16. Address 631 V_
Capp st.
V OUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION FOR
X cbamberwork or light housework. Address E.
8., box 19. this office.
TTeliable woman wants WASHING by
XV the day. Address MR-. KERRIGAN, 12 L«-
roy place, off Sacramento SU , beU Jones and .Leav-
enworth. - ■ -•
j YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN. WITH A BABY,
I X wishes situation us working housekeeper; city
i or country. Address J. J., box 56. Call office.
V SWEDISH GlrtL, A PLACE TO DO COOK-
ing or general housework, Call 901 Folsom st.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WuBK BY, THE
X day washing, ironing and bousecleaning; $1
and car fare. Call or address 619 Natoma.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X light housework, vail at 410 Folsom sU; no
postals answered.
COTCH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
housework and cooking. Apply 321 Ellis su
SITUATION - WANTED BY A . REFINED
O young woman as lady's maid, seamstress, or as
nurse for grown child; has hospital experience: can
dress hair, pack, and understands her duties; best
of references. Address 929 Hue St., city.
QCAN DINAVI AN GIRL WISHES TO DO
0 general housework. Call 46 Sacramento st.
RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
Xt tion to do general housework; Is a good plain
j cook; wages $20 to 935. Call 250 Fell st. .. . .
"OESPECTABLE ENGLISH WOMAN WISHES
[ Xt position as attendant In doctor's or dentist's
; office. Apply 922 Post su, near Larkin.
! i~l ERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION AS GEN-
VT eral housework in nice family. 652 Jessie st.
(upstairs), off Seventh, bet. 9 and 11 o'clock.
i ■OELIABLE GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
: XV housework or cham tier work; sleep home. Ad-
dress S3 Crocker St., off Market. ■
1 \RRSSMAKERTw I ENGAGEMENTS;
I Xy $1 25; cuts by tailor system: dresses made
| over; city or Oakland. 846 Valencia st.
S"" PA.MhU WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY OF
Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 105 Larkin St.. room 2. . - -■ • •
! /"I ERMAN . GIRL . DESIRES POSITION FOR
VI upstairs wprk, waiting . at table and sewln*.
Inqr. 1512 Leavenworth, beu Pacific and Jackson.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion for housework and plain cooking; wages
$16. Call 438 Fifth sU : ■
COMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN,
good cook ; and laundress, wishes a situation;
i no objections to general housework ; city or coun-
■ try. Apply 2118 California St., near Laguna. *
IDDLE-AGt-D AMERICAN LADY WI>HES
situation as chambermaid: room and board-
; wages f 15; In city or Oakland. Call or address E
P.. 664% Stevenson st. - . * ■
j V OUNG GIRL FROM THE EAST WISHES A
X situation as second work or In small family
Please call 237 Natomfc st.
G MOM PETENT WOMAN WANTS HOUSE AND
! \J office cleaning by tbe day ; will sweep and wash
windows. Address b. H., box 117, Call Office.
OUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
X working housekeeper; city or country. Call or
i address C. P., box 109. this office.
JJELIABLE WIDOW WISHES SITUATION
XV as working housekeeper in respectable family
or as invalid's nurse. 218 Ninth st.
ELDERLY LADY WANTS FAMILY MEND-
ing and plain ; sewing: 60c per day. Address
MRS. HOWARD. 706 > allfornla st. • > -
INN GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION TO
'X do eeneral housework. Address or call M. 8. .
I 16V_ Fraeion sU
! YV ANTKD-BY. A COMPETENT LADY, PO-
| • ' sition as either housekeeper to a widower with"
, children or companion: is a thorough housekeeper
| and seamstress. Address MRS. Dl, box 81, Call. . ■
/YTUMBER'6FFIRsT-CLASS~GIRLs"AWAIf i -
Xi ing situations at the Swedish and German Em-
! ploy— ent Bureau— MßS NORTON, 315 sutler. |
j y OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST IN
. X light housework. 126 Fourth st., room 26. . ,
y OUNG LADY, UNIVERSITY GRADUATE?
X desires a position as private secretary or any
kind of office work: English. German and French-
highest references.: E. H,, box 13, Call Office-
\K' INCHES ."ER HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST. NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$160 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. . : ■ ■ •
SITUATIONS VrANT*:i>-aiA_K.
C~~3LH^A^s_^_rco~i uTqe arV stTfurT
• ' nish haymakers, f threshing . crews, harvest
bands, fruit pickers, lumber . and ■ wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, j brickyard crews, ': quarry and rock
men,; laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
I and restaurant and laundry help. - Wire,' phone or
I mall us your order*: prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE 'AN D CHLN_HK, :• I__FI_YJMKNT
office; best help. _148 Sutler: lei ron. au.
f HINESK.AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office-, best help.' 4141-j O'Farrell; lei. K. 426.
HINESK AND JAPANESE - RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. jBRaDLK V _CO., 640 Clay.
f BITPATIONS WANTED— Continued.
XI IRST-CLASS CARPENTER; SOBER '.. AND
X reliable; . quick workman; would line to get
employment with a property-owner or contractor.
Address .E. C., 132 Vt Fourteenth su, city. .
bO V WISHES SITUATION TO DO ANY
X>. kind of work. Address W., box 41, Call Office.
STEADY -YOUNG - MAN. WILLING AND
able, would like to get situation as porter or
work in any. large concern where he could make
himself useful. Address E. C, 132*4 Fourteenth.
SITUATION. WANTED BY GERMAIN AND
O , wife, without children, to take care of a ranch;
man understands all kinds of ranch work; wife
good cook and housekeeper: both hrst-class refer-
ences. - Address J. R., 621 California su' .
VI AN WITH GuOD REFERENCE, WHO IS
-'I handy with tools and can do farm and orchard
work, some blacksmlthlng and make himself use-
ful otherwise, wishes a situation. Address A. Z.,
box 48, Call Office.
' <»UNG man WISHES a POSITION driv-
i- ing milk-wagon or ligat wagon. ...Address 130
Preclu. aye. .
V OUNG MAN, . EXPERIENCED IN - BOOK-
X keeping, desires . a • position as assistant. Ad-
dress B. X., box 108, C-U Office.. • ,;• ■ '
\ OUNG MAN WANTS A JOB AT DRIVING
X a team or milk-wagon. ' 1246 Shotwell st. " .
RELIABLE YOUNG DANE WANTS POS'I-
-IV tlon: understands taking care of horses, milk
and make himself useful around house. Address
£ box 41, Call Office. . .
nANCHERI STRONG YOUNG MaN TO
XV pick fruit m country; experience: state wages.
Address R., box 56, Call Office.
DAUBER- FIRST-CLASS YOUNG BARBER
X) wants steady . situation. Address B box 54,
Call office. ■ . ' ' ■'•-■ •
SITUATION WANTED— INTERIOR PAINT-
O Ing, paper-hanging, kalsomlning: $1 75 day.
Address ARTHUR VERVORST, Empire House,
639 Clay st. .
mHOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED MAN WHO
X understands the manufacture of unfermented
wines, grape juice and all soft drinks, wishes . a
situation; city or country. Address Reliable, box
107, Call Office.
T\YNAMO-TENDER WANTS POSITION; IS
X/ ft#competent .electrician and mechanical
draughtsman. Please address R., box 60, Call. .
■\ r OU NO MAN WANTS POSITION IN GRO-
X eery or general merchandise store; good book-
keeper; good reference. . G. M., box 21. Call Office.
y OUNG MAN 23 YEARS OF AGE WISHES
- X a place to drive a waeon or to work in whole-
sale house. Address O. G., 8-5 Jessie st.
UTCHER WANTS A POSITION; GOOD
1J salesman and cutter; single. Address
Butcher, box 81. this office.
SITUATION WANTED —BY FIRST-CLASS
0 laundry-washtr. Address L. It., box 69, Call. -
"i?nginkkrs— position wanted by com-
J- potent man in any part of the State; can fur-
nish references. Address LOUIS B. GORDON, 17
Van Ness avenue. ■
POSITION AS SALESMAN, EITHER LOCAL
X or traveling; thoroughly acquainted with
stoves, hardware, cutlery and connecting line:
also furniture: good reference. Address W., box
74, Call Office. ■ ;■.-.-
/ AKi ENTERS— THOROUGHLY ACQUAINT-
\J ed with all Its branches. Address A. R., box
87, Call Office.
8 NURSE, COMPANION OR VALE TO
invalid gentleman: understands - massage
treatment; well recommended; would like to
travel. Addres« B. L., box 75. Call Office.
yOUNG MAN, GERMAN, WHO HAS BEEN
. X working In delicacies and grocery business
wants a position. Address A. LUKR.VNPA, 2102
Alamfda aye., Alameda. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms: 26c to $160 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week : tree bus and baggage to and trom the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— El ectrlo lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; SI 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to »nd from the ferry.
VEJIALE _____■ WANT_I>.
O EXPERIENCED GIRLS FOR MANGLE IN
— hotel, city. $17 50 and board. C. R. HANSEN
<fc C >.. 10 Geary st.
.L'RKNCH GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS WORK,
T city, $.0, C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 110 Geary.
T7IIRST-CLASB WAITRESS. FOR SPRINGS,
X I $20; neat waitress; city hotel, $20; German
waitress, restaurant, city, $15 with room; German
chambermaid, city, $16. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
r OUNG GIRL, SECOND WORK, CITY, $15;
X girl for housework, city, call early, $20; girls
for housework, city and country, $16 and $20. C.
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st, . . ■
COOK; BOARDING HOUSE; CITY, $26. C. R.
HaNSEN <_ CO.. 110 Geary st. -
WAITRESS AND PARLOR MAID, $25:
'» German seamstress, $25: 12 housework girls,
city and country, $20 and $25: 8 youns girls to as-
sist, $10 to $16. MISS CI'LLEN, 323 cutter st.
COOK. $30~SEE LADY HERE: WAITRESS,
-25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Bntter St. -
COLORED GIRL; 2 IN FAMILY; $16. MISS
\J CULLKN, 323 Sutter st. ■
/ iKUMAN GIRL AS COOK, $26. MISS CUL-
VJT LEN, 328 sutter st.
OMAN WITH A CHILI,, $15. MISS CUL-
T*i LEN. 323 Sinter st. - - .
YOUNG GIRL, 1 ; 14 TO 16 YEARS OF AGE,
X can have good country home, small wages, to
assist lady; fare and fee paid. MURRAY _.
READY, 634-636 Clay st. :
AIT R X S 8,~ FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY
hotel. $20: ranch cooks. $20 and $25: girls
for housework and cooking, country. MURRAY
* READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
-636 Clay st.
Q WAITRESSES, NICE COUNTRY HOTELS,
O $-.»0, room, etc., call early, see party here:
waitress, city, $16, room, etc.; waitress, city, $4
a wick: young girl. to assist In nice boarding-
house. $12, room, etc.; hotel laundress, $25, room,
etc.; cook and waitress, $50, room, etc: girl in
family 3. 025, call early; German girl, nice
family, $18. etc., pee party here 10 a. m.; woman
or girl to wash dishes. $16 to $20, room, etc.: 17
houseglrls at $10, $12, $15 and $-'0 per month,
nice families. 'MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
ANTED — GOVERNESS, ; $25: : SECOND
girl and laundress, 2 in family, $25: 4 cooks in
American and German . families, : 525, - $30 and
835; laundress, $26; cook for dairy hands. $20;
and a large number of girls for cooking and house-
work in city and country. ' J. F. CROSETT <_ CO.,
312 Suiter st. .
W ANTED— GERMAN COOK. $35; REFINED
*' nurse and se*m stress, $20: French waitress
and parlormaid, $20; Swedish laundress and sec-
ond work, $20; girls for housework : and assist.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton su '
TNVALLD'S NUHSE, MUST UNDERSTAND
X , massage, $30; German governess, $25; hous •
girl, 3 In family, $26: cook, $25; honseglrl, Mill
Valley, 2 in family, $25; eirl for light work, $15;
cook and second girl, same house. $25 and $20.
Apply MRS. U. NORTON, 316 Sutler St. ,
V UMBER OF GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALI-
X> ties to fill positions lor general housework and
cooking; $15 to $25. German Employ ment Office,
306 Mason St.
IRLS OF ALL. NATIONALITIES TO FILL
posit a cooking, general housework and as-
sist; $15, $26. Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
W ANTED— YOUNG LADY AS ASSISTANT
" bookkeeper: must have had practical, experi-
ence as such and give unquestionable references;
salary $40. Address A. B. C. 218 California su,
room 7. , . .
LADYCANVAS.BERSONSALAKY AND COM-
misston. U. S. Industrial Agency, room ■ 165,
Crocker building. .
yOUNG LADIES AND GENTLEMEN TO
X join a dramatic club. 732% Pine, near Powell.
."I ADYCIGARMAKERS"W ANTED; STEADY
XJ work. 731 Montgomery st. ■ ■ - ■
YY' ANTED — ENERGETIC SALESLADY';
" married woman preferred. 603 Spreckela bldg.
ANTED-TWO EXPERIENCED GIRLS TO
. ''wrap soap. Apply New York soap Factory,
Army su. near San Kruno road. :>._-..'•
YV OMAN TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
" small wages; good home.' 1617 Sanches st.,
cor. , Valli-y. 4 :
rpWO GIRLS TO SET TYPE. BROWN •<_
X BLEY CO, 49 Firs'. St. . '
WANTED— TO SEW ON VESTS. 2227 a
Geary st. ... . .....
GIRL TO DO HOUSEWORK: GERMAN PRE-
ferred. \ 1720 Sacramento st. : apply after 9. .' i
YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT, —OUSEWORK;
references. 1218b Eddy au . ..,-
nKRMAN-SPEAKINO GIRL to assist in
\J housework: small' family: good home: must
unders and cooking. App y 4062 . Twenty-third
St., near op. • » '
X _* RIKNCED FINI.-HKRS 'ON CLOAKS
XJ and suits. 916 Market st., room 30.
W ANT EO T <TKRMAN GIKL FOR HOUSE-
" work. 1308 a Leavenworth st. > '■*>-'■.
DEFINED LADY FOX GOOD POSITION; NO
-i-t c-nv-asain^ Call 131.Post su, room 20.
G°» °* LAD > V **ESSER WANT- l> AT ONC— ,
VJ Hudson River Dye Works, 11 Fair aye.
yoUNO girl wanted for, LIGHT
.J- housework : small family. 1126 Buchanan st.
GIRL, GERMAN • PREFERRED; . SLEEP
r home. 21 Hill st. . ;. : : -■:,., ..- y. ; ' :-.'..
*}>**■ BOOKING AND HOUSEWORK
—- _____ yj_ 'ly- -Apply 483 Seventh su
VOCNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
-*- sleep home. 313b San Jose aye.
YY' ANTED— ANN I_ McMAHONTO CALL AT
' ' ' once on MRS. LEWIS.
OUSEKEEPER— AGE SO TO 40 YEARS: A
-•-•- widow preferred with two children. . Call at
I office • Ellsworth House, 470 Vi Seventh st., near
i Broadway depot, Oakland. :..'■"■•"- '■'■'.
■WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
y on fruit. Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., Bran nan sU, between Third
and Fourth. : iwHriMMMn9ffiBS
A I R-DRESSING ; > MAN ICURING ■ LEHSON9
XX given MIS 3 DOYLE. 119 a Powell su, 1069 th.
LA DIES— FREE I FREE! LESSON 8 EVERY
Tuts., to 3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
■ HKP WANTEp-Contlnnefl . ',
( '"• ERMAN- ; OR 1 DANISH GIRL ' FOrTgEN^
*7 eral • housework. > 212 San Jose - aye., near
Twenty-fourth st. ■
LEARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
J-i Ing; $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st -
AIRDRESSINO. 26c AND Ssc; MORNIKO
and eve classes; 10 leg«ons,sl 60. 1248 Mission. .
Vf OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK;
AL Winchester House, 44 Third near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $8
1 -r we*k-; free 'bus and ijagxa?<> 10 and from ferry.
7 »LAL._ __Ll* ..-.WA3iT__. r
VV" ANTED^IOO i'^V STATION MXli AXD
■ * ' right of way clearers for railroad work: north :
$1 50 a day: 50 laborers, $1 60. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 110 Geary st. : ;.
*■} MINERS FOR AN ANTIMONY .MI->_, SJ-.E
** party here; choreman for a ranch. $15; man for
chicken ranch, $15. . C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary st. ;
FIRST-CLASS WAITERS, .■ WITH DRESS
suits, for country hotel, $35 and free fare. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO.. 110 Geary st.
pASTRY COOK AND BAKER, HOTEL, $60;
-»- meat and pastry cook for springs, $50; cook for
an institution, $.6; second cook for restaurant,
$50; second cook, hotel, $25; second cook, hotel,
north, $60; pantryman and clean vegetables, for
springs. $20. - C.R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
I'KRIENCED BOY TO ATTEND SODA
XJ fountain; $5 a week. C. R. HANSEN <_ CO.,
HO Geary at.
VV ANTED— 2 FIRST-CLASS QUARRY-MEN,
'» $1 50 a day; 4 tunnel-men, »1 50 a day and
found; 6 laborers for country, $1 a day and
board; blacitsmlth tor country shop, $1 50 and
board: tool-sharpener. $46 and board; choreman
for private family; boy for private family; cook
ana wife, $60; hotel cook, $40; cook for threshing
crew, $40, and others. Apply to J. F. CROS_TT
it CO., 628 Sacramento su - .
CONCENTRATOR FOR A LARGE MINE, $3
V day, see boss at our ■ office; ■ blacksmith, $3
day; 4 milkers; 5 farmers; 5 woodchoppers, $1 60
and $2 cord: 20 tie-makers, 8c and 10 each; 6
ranch teamsters, $20: 5 men to Irrigate land: 3
waiters. $30 and »26; 3 dishwashers, $15; 2
cooks, $60 and $35; cook for a lunch-counter,
$-0. MURRAY _ READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ANTED— 6 MEN TO DIG POTATOES,
» » long Job; boy on a nice ranch, $10 per month
and good home; young man as blacksmith's
helper for country shop, $20 and found and In-
crease; 2 -milkers near city, $20 r also farmers.
cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER _
CO, 626 Clay sU
\\r ANTED— MAN To RUN CONCENTRATOR
'» (Frue). $3 a day: see employer In city. Ap-
ply to W. D. EWER _ CO.. 62d Clay sU ■
WANTED— COOK FOR COFFEE-HOUSE. $10
»» a week: second cook, $20; dairyman to milk
12 cows, make butter, private p7 ace. 326; French
boy for a boarding-house. $15; > errand-boy, $3 a
week; Japanese boy, $4 a week, etc. L. ANDRE,
316 Stockton st. . -
pOOK'S HELPER, $25. ROOM, ETC.; WAIT-
V er, $30, room, etc.: call early;. cook, $10 a
week and room; second baker. $30 and room.
MARTIN'S. 749plar_et. ■ - ■
EXPERIENCED NIGHT CLERK, $25. HO-
X- TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. :
1 OUKNKYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
v No. 27. J. B. I. U. of A, Employment Bureau,
102 Seventh st. : .
pANVASSERS ON COMMISSION WANTED;
V. good business. U. s. Industrial Agency, room
165, Crocker building.
RUNER WANTED WHO UNDERSTANDS
pruning, grafting and budding. Apply at 12:30.
8. BLUM A CO., 308 California st.
YY' ANTED— A CORNET PLAYER FOR AD-
»' vertlslng purposes. Address T., box 8, Call. ,
\J EEFBTEAK AND ONIONS, with COFFEE,
— * 6c: 2 side dishes free. 635 Clay st. , ■
"yOUNG MAN AS WAITER; SOME EXPERI-
X ence. 202 Townseud.
OY WITH SOME EXPERIENCE AT UP-
. bolstering or mattress- making. 622 Larkinst.
ANTED— A COATMaKER TO WORK IN-
slde. 109 Fourth st.
OLICITOR WANTED .AT THE GOLDEN
Gate Dye Works. 342 McAllister st.
S" HOEMAKER ANTED ON REPAIRING;
O man on new work. 202 Fifth st. ■ '
IV ANTED— A GOOD WAITER, ONE WHO
Vf can speak Spanish. 426 Geary st. ; call early.
YY~AITER~WA.N TED~ATTBI)S~H_iaHT"ST.~~
"DARBER'S CHAIR AND A FRENCH PLATE
XJ mirror, nearly new, very cheap. " Inquire a
this ollice. ;-. 1. ; . . .»Y- -
L> AKBERS— TWO BARBER CHAIRS FOR
X> sale. Inquire 103 Eddy st.
tkady~"young man to assist gener-
ally In office, experience not necessary, $75 per
month, must have $150 cash. GEo. STEWART,
602 Market st. ■ : ,
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
ARBBRS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay. .
AKBER.S' ASSOCIATION UKCAUtMl'LOi-
menu Kcc'y, P. C. iUminn. 2:-9 Vi p'Knrrell. I '
WANTED— BY EXPERT ACCOUNTANT
■" several sets of books to write up evenings;
also, lessons in bookkeepine given; terms mod-
erate: best of references. Address L. C, dox 144.
Calli,fflce :
EAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA, NEW YORK
0 and other ports. Apply 10 Steuart st., upstairs.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait. 6->8 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 7 67 Market, opp. Will A Fiuck's,S.F-
T>AKBER-BHOP FOR SALE. 871 MARKET
"X> street. ' : ; "-"-. • . -
WAXTKD— a tailor with $150 to pur-
' ' chase a well-established tailoring business in
country town of 4000, employing from 4 to 8
tailors; excellent opportunity for Industrious man:
present owner wishes to no East. Address box
786, Watsonville, cal.
PARTNER WITH $50 IN PAYING CASH
X business; no experience. 235 Third st.
TVTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
-Ll 3d and 4th— Single turuished rooms, night 1 6c to
week $1 tos2 50;readiug-room;strlcteBt atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
UNNY ROOMS $1 TO $3 PER WEEK.
The New Grand, 248 Third st. ,;
UARBER-SROP FOR SALE: WHOLE OR
X> half; long lease; rare chance. 131 O'Farrell s .
ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND sHoES
on hand: shoes to order, *3 50, hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726V4 Howard St., bet. Third and fourth
ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 250
night: $1 week. Koaedale, 321 Ellis st. ; : . ;
BESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st. opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 60
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
YY' ANTED— GOOD CHANCE FOR HUSBAND
"» and wife who understand farm work, vine-
yards, horses, etc.; good wages:- state expe-
rlence. Address WALTER METZ, Napa, Cal. ,
W r ANTED— 1000 MEN, EVERYDAY, AT 207
. Fourth) at., the biggest and best - shop in the
city; 5c shaving, 10c halrcnttlng. , , ; ;...
WANTED— FOR" THE . UNITED . STATES
»T Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less th»n 6 feet 6 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United Slates or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important . branch ;of ,' the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Beguiling Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: reading.
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
Continental House, 621 Pacific, below Kearny.
VY r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN _ CO., D«pt. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. - j •
WE HAVE. A LOT. OF DAMAGED SHOES
'» selling at less than one-fourth their value: cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission st.
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room; 25c a | night; $1 a week.
I INIJKLL HOUSE, SIXTH , AND HOWARD
-1 1 sis.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c nigh:.
8. -REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
• ■ C-y; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 5c
"I /|A MEJN TO . TAKE : LODGING 'AT lOC, 15c
IV'U and 20c a night, including coSaa and rolls. -
. 624 Washington »U. near Kearny. -' > -'
KM IN CITY- "SING ' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. *1 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leifiesdorff sts.
>\\r „ ARE SHOJS DOCTORi?; WE .REPAIR
'- It your old shoes and make them as good as new.
and with our new machines we can do 1 your ; work
at one-half the usual price; done while. : you , wait.
662 Mission st.. between First and Second sts.
T>OOMS 150 TO 76c PER NIGHT; 500 TO Cl 50
XV per week. - Oriental, 225 Drumm st, ''■■•■' • * =
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
1» ? to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still . runs Denver House, 217 ■ Third su : 150
■ large rooms: 260 per night; $1 to $3 per week. 1- '
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DU_ LABOR
ernAclerks. KNOX Collection A_cy, 110 Sutler
LCHO '•HOUSE, . 863Va . MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 26c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
\,i KNTO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
ii ' all grocers keen It. ' : ' ', •• ■• -. t
<\V ANTED-BINGLK ROOMS, 150 ADA $1 ;
iI • ' r«ek; ■ rooms for two, «6c a day,' $1 50 a week;
: ' reading-room : , dally papers. v 36 Clay st. . ....
i WANTED— MEN TO ' LEARN .=!■ BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
retalocue sent. R. F. Barber school. 1515 Howard."
______________________ .
HOUSES WANTED.
■WANTED —TO RKNT 10-ROoM : HOUSE
-,TT S with stable, state rent and location. J. T. P.,
box 104. Call Office. . ; •-;- '■ >; .. :• ;
KOOSIS » \\ .* \ s !•:■>.
pENTLEMAN* WANTS FURNISHED ROOM
AX. In Spanish family. ■ Address 8. F., box 95, Call.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A ' BUS?
ness. LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
HORSESHOEING BUSINESS: BEST IN THE
city; full value in. sieht; will sell, trade or
take In partner; Investigate this. LUBELSKI &
CHASE, 7 City Hall aye. _____
A ||iA FIRS -CLASS - CIGAR-STORE IN
xUU. one of the best locations in city; doing
fine business: stock fresh and first class: this is a
rare bargain; will stand full investigation.
LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City .Hall aye. ' -—■
ONE OF . TH_ OLDEST ESTABLISHED
steam laundries In the city: place is worth
R4000: horses, ' wagon and everything included:
this place must be sold: come and investigate.
LUBKLSKI & CH A -X, 7 City Hall aye.
•Si'^r^n ESTABLISHED < GROCERY AND
«Jp__OU. bar business: actual value of price
asked in stock and fixtures;' good local and out-
side trade; must be sold, owner interested in other
business: investigate : this place. LUBELSKI «fc
CHASE. 7 City Hall aye. .
TF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X let us show you some linn places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI _ CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
6 SHARES VALLEY RAILROAD STOCK.ALL
paid up. LUBELSKI _ CHASK.7 City Hall aye.
ffijOCfk- BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
qPO_>U. and candy store: 4 living-rooms; low
rent; ■ doing business of 43 to $lv per day; • same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market st.,
at cigar-stand. . : .
<J_ 1 ,r-f\ FRUIT AND VEGETABLE StORK:
OXc>U. best location; receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon: low rent; living ■ rooms.
See BARRETT. 1125 Market st. -
Q9QO ' CIGAR-STORE. STATIONERY AND
O— *J\J • laundry office: No. 1 location: living
rooms: low rent; doing good business. See BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market st. .
CI»1 OC BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
(Ttl-l), and candy store; north of Market St.;
low rent: doing fair business; living-rooms. See
BARRETT. 1125 Market. ..
CHEAP— WOOD AND COAL YARD; MA-
\J chluery to cut wood: express business, etc.;
clears $150 a month. BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
"DESTAURANT, GOOD LOCATION; CHEAP
XV rent; price $76. Apply to BARRETT, 1125
Market st. ...■.•'.'..:".' .-■■-. •-."
<Il9^nn SALOON DOING A $36 PER DAY
(IP_Uvv. business: near Palace Hotel; rent
$40; 2 years' lease: best bargain ever offered: call
at once. WILKE, 53i;c_iifornia st.
fl_ ± Ci\ SALOON CLOSE TO BUILDERS'
«j!*i J". Exchange; must sell at once: owner
appointed by S. P. R. R. WILKE _ WOLF, 631 I
California st. : j
© I &r\(\ ROADHOUSE. CLOSE TO THE I
«IP IOUU. city: first-class paying: owner bought f
a dairy : offers only accepted for3days. WILKE
_ WOLF, 631 California at. - :■- V-
C>9r\rkn DRUG ST 'RE IN WESTERN
«JJ)Z.UUI/. Addition; 4 living-rooms; rent $45:
established years: large patronage; owner to re-
tire. WILKE <_ WOLF, 531 California st.
tlQftfk TEAMSTERS ATTENTION — ONE
«4POUU. of the b*-st double teams in the city, do-
ing hauling for 2 large wholesale commission
bouses: also 2 firms In Portland: will pay $175 per
month; this is a snap for the right man. GEO.
STEWART, 60- Market St.
<J_QXA MANUFACTURING BUSINESS— A
ig)OO\J. good active business man wanted to
take hold of an article covered by patent; has
never been put on the market: special induce-
ments offered to the right party: don't fail to in-
vestigate this. GKO. IE WART, 602 Market St.
ALOON. B vR.~FIXTUREB AND STOCK,
$175; near Third and Market sts. ; 3 living-
rooms; rent cheap; call at once. DEMING —
CHARTS, 737 Market st. :
m«1 f*f\f\ OLD - ESTABLISHED CORNER j
*IPXUUV". saloon on prominent street: long
lease: Investigate this bargain. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market.
Oil S>l\fl PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING
«IpXOv/V. saloon. " BTENBERGCO., 632 Mar-
ket st. ■•'•'
52 1 9^ <• ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
OX_tJ. notion store, with splendid front: oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12; invoice
goods; sickness. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
qfcO-7?; corner fruit STORE; OLD ES-
«IP— * -*• tablished ; living rooms: receipts aver-
age $12: retiring. STENBERG CO., 63.2 Market.
mo SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
1 quick for cash see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
SALOON; NO 1 LOCATION; WITH 3 FUR-
nished rooms; cheap rent; will be sold at a
great bargain if taken at once. See GUS STRAND,
46 Third st. ■■■...
"PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING BUSINESS;
X capital required $100. 1004 Market st., room 1.
nno BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS QUICK SEE
X DEMING & SHARTS, 737 Market st.
<5« ) OX RESTAURANT ON • MARKET ST.;
O • «-•/• cheap rent: must sell; a bargain.
uEMING <_ SHARTS. 737 Market sU
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick, building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
llKh.ed basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
l.mporiiim building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVtBBERG, 320
Sansome St., room 39
THE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped house In North-
ern California -Is now offered for sale, or can -be
leased on favorable terms; ■ this house is the best
paying investment In Northern California, aud
must be disposed of on account of slcki ess. *or
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor. Crescent City, Cal.
<JJ»I (\(\(\ PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT,
0 L\J\J\J, genteel business with a thorough, re-
liable man; business sure to realize at least $2000
to each within the next three months; this is no
speculation, but a sure, permanent business;
money to be invested in business; full Investiga-
tion given. Apply room 1, 917 Market su
<2«-:rrv buys THE ELM SALOON AND
*JO\J billiard parlors, with open front cigar
stand; both well stocked, doing first-class business;
family troubles cause of selllne: Elmhurst, oppo-
site power-bouse San Leandro and Haywards
electric road. Call or address Elm Saloon, Elm-
hurst, Cal. - ...
171 OR SALE— HOTEL WITH GOOD BAR
'trade and 30 steady boarders: good opportu-
nity, with furniture, lease; -vill be sold on account
of sickness. Apply for particulars from HARRY
FISHEER, prop letor, Sonoma House, Point
Tlburon. Marin County, Cal. . .
ATA BARGAIN. ON GEARY ST., IN A NICE
-t\- location, loaging-house of 12 rooms, beautl-
tifully furnished, nearl ■ new. all f -11: a restaurant,
with 4 living- rooms, doing a good business: sold as
a whole or separate. PHELPS & CO.. 917 Larkln.
<B»7 jz.(\ . CORNER GROCERY AND • BAR
tip I O\J. clearing $90 monthly: living room*
With all furniture; full value In slcht; a chance of
a lifetime; rent $20: must sell; proprietor going
East; no agents. Apply Call 'Jffice. ■. - , ■•■)
liMNE OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
man in . rapidly growing neighborhood; cor.
Third aye. and Clement ' st., with 4 rooms; Sutro
cars pass door. ; D. DANGERS, 101 California st.
«£zinn FOX SALE — SPLENDID OPPOR-
isrk\J\J. tunity; icecream parlor, candy, sta-
tionery, cigar and tobacco store: good location.
For particulars address P. O. box 958, San Rafael.
Cat. - --. ■. - ■-. .' ■ . ' • ■ . :
GOOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
VI close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain If -rrangeireut
can be made. Address F. D.. box 137. Call Office.
<_ 1 rjr RESTAURANT DOING FINE BUSI-
<u)X I «J. ness: splendid location: cheap rent;
this place cost owner $400; don't miss this chance:
reason sickness. . A pply Call Office. -. .- -'■■••
BONANZA FOR RIGHT PA RT V' — F £ RST-
class restaurant and lodging-house for sale at
a bargain on account Of sickness. Apply F. B.
HOOSON, Haywards, Cal. - " i ' ■-. '
OOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN;
first-class ' oyster and chop house for sale,
cheap; test location In city: proprietor leaving
city. 216 Sixth. » : ,
BARGAIN— SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSK;
complete; present owner 10 years established;
selling on account of opening new place. Call
1053 Market st. - "■'.■"
__r ANTED— PA MUST HAVE;$1000;
1' » guarantee $10 ' . per ' day ; handle ? your own
money; no deposit required. W. F. WALLIN, 112
Taylor st. ■ " ■■ - .
_ 1 rnn LIVERY STABLK; ESTABLISH-
«JPI_»vU. Ed 15 years; 10 horses, 2 hacks, 5
buggies, 2 surreys, carts, harness. 3114 16th st.
mj OKI I GROCERY AND DELICACY STORE,
t*P_«tJ''. laundry agency, etc.; near school; no
opposition: chance of lifetime. ; Inquire Call Office.
CIGAR STORE, WHOLESALE DISTRICT,
will sell at invoice on account • f departure; a
great bargain. JOHNSTON, 26V2 Kearny st.
FROM $5000 TO $25,000 TO INVENT IN ANY
paying business -or speculation: 1 communica-
tions confidential. Address Gold, box 53, this office.
L"*OR SALE— LIQUOR-STORE AND SALOON.!
X I fine stock and trade; present owner going in
wholesale business: will sell cheap. 236 East . St.
00/ Win BAKERY. ICE-CREAM. PARLOR
ig)>)\J\J\J. and candy factory: country town of
3000; no competition.: Add. J. M., Angels Camp.
d>QX AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
i$)OO with $2M) Invested : oafe; conservative-
prospectus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293Brdwy.NY :
ffl. 19& EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
•4pX_-_*. on account of sickness; good stand*
clearing f«0 month. Apply _05 Larkin st. .
©1 OrT" BAKERY, CONFECTIONERY,' ORO-
•IPIOO. eery, coffee-parlor: 2 famished rooms-
big bargain; call at once.: 219 Sixth sL v
OLD-ESTABLISHED S-CHAIR . BARBER^
\J shop, account of retiring from business: owner
6 year* In the place. 1308 Howard st. -
I *ft*-M)ll STO i« K OF 6-ACRE , POULTRY
3DOUI'. ranch and orchard, on car line, Frnxt-
vale; rent $10. 34 Donohoe building.
K AK 4 K k KY A . T _ A ' BARGAIN; BAKES FROM 3
. rpHE only modern improve hotel
qq&ggSS.ifjggff' * — «lea.c, O1 I E n L
IT A STERN -J.DY DESIRKS GENTLEMAN
S e?s t! CaPi ' at:BOodt>U ' IDeBS - *™* :
M L h? SOLD AT ON CE; GOOD PAYING
20 sr_ih st " SC; °° reMonaDle offer refused. Call
F m.n^f J? R : TAKE PARTNER, SMALL
Ellis st • °? business; -. small capital. ' 110
DARTNER WANTED (GERMAN), $35 CAPI-"
J- Ul; by lady of means. - 12 Mason, room 2. •?"-;
. BUSINESS CHANC_B-Continni^__
A TTENTION.BUYERB.-COR. LIQUOR. SA-
A icon among business houses: no night or Sun.
day work: selling less than price of fixtures; offer
wanted. Wood, coal, hay and feed business. 5
stalls, which pay rent of yard; full value $300.
Partne7 wanted In . commission business; 'clears
$75 a month to ■ each; and all kinds of businesses
for HEAL V _ CO. ; 23 Kearny St.
ITsTATTRANT FOR SALK CHEAP, OWNER
having other business to attend to. 1323 Bat-
tery st. ' ' .
OO D ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 633 Market, room 2.
OOD CLEAN RESTAURANT FOR SALE.
,914 Seventh St., Mark station, Oakland.
XT' OR SALE - DOWNTOWN ■• SALOON, FOR
■ C cash or country property. , Address H. H., box
4..Ca1l Office. ________
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
1 will pay Sl5O per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. ' - .
tTEstAURANT TO LET WITH COMPLETE
XV fixtures; now running. Room 2. 325 Fourth.
ELEGANT CANDY STORE WITH ROOMS;
country: no opposition. S. A., box 67, Call.
YbTKR-PARi-ORS AND CHOPHOUSK NR
Market; very cheap. 418 Post aU; after 12.
MALL DELICACIES AND GROCER
store; best reason for selling. 835 Hayes st.
TVTIOK SALOON FOR SALE: CHEAP; OX .
1> Kearny st. : no agents. »1 7 Kearny sU
ALOON: LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st
LD- ESTABLISHED CORNER grocery
bar. HILB-RT BROS., 103 Powell st. .
fflM-e FINE SALOON A«D 6 ROOMS;
<fl)l iO. rentslB. 911 Folsom st. ,
SALOON; A BARGAIN: BENT TAKEN OUT
In liquor 1004 Market st., room 1.
THE CHANCE OF YOUR LIFE; BUSINESS
X for sale. Box 20, Monterey, Cal. ■ »
LODGISU-HOUSKS FOlt 'BALK. I
15-BOOM HOUSE, 0NLY...J.... $350 •*
tjPOiJU. 55-room corner hous?, only 1800
60-room hotel and bar to exchange. -000
9 rooms, 0n1y— ye5— 0n1y........... ........ jj£> .♦
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments.. ._. 60U ..
•_0 rooms, corner, only»  __{, '•■
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments i.2"x- •
60 houses, 6 to 140 rooms, from $50 to «ouuu -
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st. . ..• ;
LODGING-HOUSE OF 21 ROOMS, ••
•«Jr-±i}U. nicely furnished, brick building, bay .-
windows, rent $50: always paid; sickness cause of.".
selling: no agents. W., box 60, Call Office.*. .
-1 ft ROOMS — ELEGANTLY 1 URNISUED; ;;'
1U chance for desirable tenant; choice; low rent.. ..
20 Taylor st. • . ' .» ' • •*.
4_l rf\ HOUSE 13 LIGHT SUNNY. ROOMS; .•• .
tJpIOU. $36; water free; granq bargain. 149^_.,,.
Fifth sU # ■ ' . •
dU^HA 44 ROOMS; GREAT" SACRIFICE,- •■•
. iJtdUU. account of other business* House, box ..
67, Call Offlse. * __J * . • .*,'
OQ WELL-FURNISHED ROOMYS; full: LpW ;
— .0 rent; cheap. 904 Hov-trd St., woodyard. m •-..•
0 l-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST. VERY '.
m cheap. PHELI'S A CO.. 917 Larkln st. . • •
_ L ii-N I'A '_ xi_^ ' _ «-«-i _A_._. \ '
IPIRK SALh I •'-'".•■■ '•■*■'•'
X Prices stand till goods are completely dl_.
posed ot ;: . . - _■'■"■ ._ .-.
Oak bed sets.. ..; . v ...518 50
Bedlonnges 1.....'.*. .'.... 8 00-..:
5teve5......;..:. ■• 750 .
Carpets, per yard...:....,.... ■.. 5* -.
Linoleum, per yard ». ?j_V •
Matting, per yard ....« }*f
TIM our new building Is erected these prices will -
stand. Till such' time we iar& conducting buslCresa a
at SE. ' corner Seventh and . Mission sts. J.. .•
NOONAN. : ' .- •__, :
AT L. J. 1 NEUMANN'S, 117 •SIXTH. FOR, ".
lowest prices on household good's, new or good. -°
as new; cash or time, open evenings. » 
AfU\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS. $1.; \
i ±\j\J stoves. $5: parlor sets. $20: folding- bad** .=
$10: hea-'onnee-t. $7. T. I). MCCARTHY Ili 4th. . _
~ FUKSITt'KE "VVANTJKD. *. .
ANT FURNITUR6 AND OFFICE FIX- '
tures of any kind,: will pay good prices. Call or •"
send card 7.C}ty H,all aye. ____*•!
JC MUTHKR.AUCTIONEBR, 601 CALIFOR- •
, • nla, cor. Kearny, pays best. pric*e tor furniture*.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FL'RNI- «
tare" and merchandise see BURP, -211 LarklLh :•
TNDIANA AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TOM* ...
XJ. SIMMONS' Auc Co., 1057 Market, pays cash. .
H MAYER BUYS your FURNITURK"
. carpets, piano.. llSj M.ark»t: tel. Jessie 76L .
Cakpjet > CLEANING. :f*V *
tones ca carpet! cleaning AND
d renovating works. Main, office 25 and 27 _!_,' o
/CARPET CLEANING, 3a: LAYING, 3& : KUB .
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth at.
RE AT WESTERN CARPET-BEaTIN_ •
■ works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11,8 th; phono Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH ''
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car- s
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.° „
C^ONKLIN'SCARPKT'EEATINU WOkKKS. 33J t.
V.' Golden Gate aye.: telephone east*l26.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING, RENO VA- o
\J Uns. 38 Bth. STEVKNS. m— ■. TeL South 250, °
/CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATBU !"
\J like new. FERGUSON _ CO.- 23 Tenth; toU
6outh 36. D. MACKINTOSH 4- CO.. successors.
T t. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., .4(1 „
I O . 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.' *
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
» ovati-ng works. 453 Stevenson: til, south 223. '
". ' MUSICAt, IKSIKIIII_Ms. (
A NOTHER .SPECIAL I iNDUCEMF.NT FOR> .
A purchasing from Sherman,* Clay & Co.; ele- ■■ ■
1 gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool .
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month; only
I $6 cash payment required: «very Instrument
i cuaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO., cos. .
I Kearnv and Sutter sts., PacLfic Coast representa-
tives of Stelnway «fc Sons' pianos. . .•„
i. EW WONDERFUL BARGAINS 'IN USED
! pianos: :, Stelnway .upright, Hardman, Chasa °
Bros, and others: uprights, $75, $120 and, up; *•
new fine uprights on your own terms and at very "
low prices. The J. DEWING CO., second floor.
i Flood, building. Fourth and Market sts.
A CTUALLY THE BKST BARGAINS IN *
x\ uianos, both new and second-hand at THE "
F. W. SPENCER CO w_rerooms, 933Marketst. *
. G. badger, SOLE agent tOR hallet
.A Davis and Francis Bacon, pianos, 406 Sac'to. •
<J_l <)i\ FINE UPJUGHT PIANO; GOuD-
•{p I— O. toned instrument: cheap. 116 Seventh. *
ALMOST NEW STEfNWAY • UPRIGHT; .
."\ party forced to sell immediately. Boom 10,
• 809 Market m. : . . •
q UPRIGHTS, $100: s-QUaRF 4 , $76; NEW <
0 pianos, $175; all musical goads cheap. MATT-*.'
VAIS, 769 Market sU
! <]_ 1 (\(\ FINK HAINES PIANO. BCHMITZ." '
<lpj \J\J. 16 McAUIs er St., next Hibornla Bank! .'.
BEFORE B U IN G SEE AINK BROS.'. BUSH "'
JJ _ Gerts ■ and Knabe • pianos: ■ at wholesale)
prices, a. l. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Pos; sU
C" HICKEKING.KNABK. STKCK. VOSE, BTER-"
. ling pianos: see our new piano .'or $187; plaaoa
I or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ bON. 10 Q-FarrelL
I ttt I /lA ELEGANT UPRIGHT, QUITE NEW,
<lpl-'^f/» for sale, $5 instil mts. 221 Leavenworth.
pLEARA NCKSALE; ;XF\V UPRIGHTS; $160»"
) up; everything at cost. - BRUEN«N. 228 Post. .
BYKON MALZY, 308 . KOST~ST.-SOHMER, *•
Newby & Evans. Hrl«ccs and other pianos.
SHf 15 .?, 1 ?? 1 VIU ZITHERS, OLD A NEW .
OH. ill) Li.KM. maker, repairer, - Latham Maca. •
SP^*,,A WKEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS TH» '
; '*-* y WEEI J.l CALL, in wrapper, tor mailing. '
■_OKS_s~ ~ '
WANTED-^^GENTIS^O^S^r^WILar^IVE *'
»» pasture for six months for light service. .
box 99, Call Office. ' . m
IT>OR SALE— BLACK GELDING AND BLACK" '.-'
X filly; 4 years old each: broken single or double- .
son Eclectic, brother to Anon, 2:o7iyi. New _orlc •
I Stables, 607 Jessie st., near Sixth. % ; ".'.
STRONG DELIVERY HORSE IN GOOD CON*
dltlou; a bargain: 159 Second st. '
H^F^^__________fZ___?_?. '
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS*
I ■*~i of good harness, our own mane; of everz de*-
' scription, for less money than you can buy Eanern
I trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st..S. F. "
1 fSO !SEl ' N . KW AND SECOND HAND HAR- .' .
*-<jy ness, - all kinds; wagons, baggies, surw,}-,
I rockaways, carts; must be wold. 11,8 Mission si j •
I 500 XT NEW AND -a*:CONIJ-HAKD HAR- 1
' * ~J* " ess: 'in ltlnd8: bu KKywaeon. cans, surrey -
& rockawar; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia. •
40 WORSES i>'Ott »A_K; • ALSO WAOONdL ''
V buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market. 327 Six.h su; auction sales every Weil__** ■
I cay. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers. ' V '
ORSES „ fAVrURKD; SKNI. lull. CIROtA"
i»r I!i-Hvrle Ranch.' Cm fo--p-iTp|-i: s-
; ~ m
WAUOW AM) ' CAKIUAUKS.
OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE '
X carriages of every desci lptlon; cash, notes or
Installments. C Carvlll Mfg Co.. 46-48 Btn st., a. F.
OLIGHTLV SOILED DRIVING GLOVE*
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sanaomesi:
XT E W AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-"
««h «%'m lk a ? ' BT° cerv wagons; also rockawav •
and 2 fine buggies- t-28 Harrison st. V
.~ " >;STOKAGE. • " .
STOR A G E— C li E APEStTn^HE CITY^fTrkC
proof building; advances made, 211 Larkm.
£ FURNITURE. PIANOS, * TRUNKS;
X vanoes, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post.
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS:
.low rates, tire- proof building: Kastern plan!
AVA.NT_;_)-A_ISCJS_,_,._JSI!;O_3.
wanted-a BEco^c_nirA^N_r^sT?vfM^r
W Address S., box 87, Call Office. CLE
QECOND- HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
Olenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING anujkw'
elTf to _. KLEIN. 109 Sixth *7 W_* £>ia_MISSION, BET. EIGHTH AND ninth : 2-
story. 7 room* and bath; In good order: $25,
with water. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents, 415 Montgomery st. :
L, ULTON, BKT. LAGUNA AND BUCHANAN:
r neat 2-story, bay-window, 6 rooms and bath;
rent. $26 25, with wa'er. Apply to C. S. CAPP i_•
/CO., Real Estate Agents, 416 Montgomery si-
RAXNAN ST., ABOVE .-ECOSD. No. 308:
2-story, 6 rooms and bath; rent «25, with
water; In good order. Apply to C. S. CAPi' «fc
CO., Real estate Agents, 418 Montgomery st.
TONES, BET. JACKSON AND PACIFIC: _2-
O story, bay-window, 8 rooms • and bath, with
garden, etc: will be put in order for good tenant.
Apply to C. S. CAPP «fc CO., Heal Estate Agent*
416 Montgomery at. .
TEVENSON (OR LEXINGTON) AVK., BET.
0 Twentieth and Twenty-first: 2-story. 6 rooms
and bath; rent only $18, with water. Apply to C.
i-. CAPP *& CO., Real Estate Agents, 415 Mont-
-1 gomery st. "; _ ; ____— *' -
mo LET-NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE FOR
Xamall family for three months: pleasant loca-
tion. Call or write room 30/7 th floor, Mills building.
OUSE OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH; REST
reduced. 1034 McAllisters-
<2>')f\ WATER FREE. 1025 CAPP ST.. NEAR
<?— U. Twenty-fifth, nice 2-story bouse, 8 rooms
and bath: 8, rear 'house, 1023 Capp St., fronting
■oft Cypress alley, 4 rooms.
•©•IA HOUSE, 4 ROOMS, LARGE YARD
tsl'U. and cellar. Key at bakery, Twenty-
.lourth and Gnerreyo. ; ;
•1 t» PAGE— HOUSE OF S ROOMS AND LARGE
1 ,-j' stable. ■ ' _
SPLENDID 12-ROOM HOUsE, 3392 TWENTY-
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence; very low rent, See It.
HOTTSE— A MCE HOUSE AND OTHERS
tb rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND. 10
jvi ontcom^ry 9t» " _^_ _^_________^__
' . .' UOT'IAGKS TO LET.
mo XJSrCjSS¥tAGK OF 4 BOOMS ANDLARgI:
lyard.. 2300 Pjlk_st t ' .' ./ '
©vely MOPERN 6-room SUNNY cot-
• XJ tage; rent 'sls. -4392 Seventeenth at., above
. '-Douglass. ; ] ■-: ''
COTTAOK 3 ROOMS AND STABLE*. REAR.
V_".939 Mission st. __ . " '' ■"'..-.
©C r'f\' 3 BOOMS. 18 -PROSPECT AVK.,
tgiO.OU. bet. 27th an&" 28th sts.. near Mission.
„ /COTTAGE— 6 ROOMS AND BATH: LAKGE
• U 'stable. 918 Fourteenth st. • ■-•
•T -FURBISHED FLATS.
qpURNISHED HOUSE 4 ROOMS, $14: WATER
,' J free. 75 Federal St.. off 2«i.b<-t.Bryßnt ABrannan.
•FLATS to let.
CJQT~hTyK sT*^KAS^FILLMb RE^ U P P E R
COl flat, 5 rooms and bath. $16, with water;
lower flat, 3 rooms andi bath, $8, with water. Ap-
ply 10 d H. CaPP & CO., Real Estate Agents, 415
• Montgomery su ■
'irt SECOND, SEAR BRANNAN — NICE
%J-l\i flat: 6 large rooms and bath; rent 22 50,
■ o xWth water. Apply to C. S. CAPP A CO., Real Es-
. tate Agents. 415 Montgomery st.
= O/"k FOLSUM— LOWER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS.
•*) NEW SUNNY MODERN FLATS-925 GOLD-
.--S eh Gate'ave., 823; 142.iy a Hayes St., »18. ■ ■
fflj'l 1 tJPPER FL,AT: 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 27
. jJD XX . Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia.
3 -ROOM FLAT, CORNER jiicALLISTER AND
O Polls sts. ' •*•---•'..
•V>>'7AC POST — I AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
■'• 1 4 UP fla;s; garden, bath: fl3 and $16.
•* "VFLOQ FIFTEENTH— NEW UPPER FLAT;
UOJZ J 5 rooms and bath. .
CJ 17 ONLY— 6 ROOMS, BATH: ALL MO D-
. »J" 1 i crn; charming view: 21 Alpine St., near
"' Hajeht and Bakes. BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
" 10 Montgomery St.; . ■ ____.
</<t'.\ NY Ll'PiJilt i-LAjT, 4 imOMs; BaT_ 5
' -.JO JuJlaQ.ave.,o« Fourteenth, near Mission. -
' <V\A COTTAGES. HOUSES AND FLATS:
•_TUU Western Addition; $12 up. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st. ■ -.*
.• q&r}i-i -a MODERN SUNNY FLAT; 5
• tj — — .'OU. rooms ad bath. 2»19a Pine st.
: ' UNNY FLAT-*3~ROOMS, $12: 511 SECON*D
• O auV water free; key 516 Second st. ■ :.
•©1 ♦-> SUNNY.FLAT. OF 4 LARGE ROOMS
.' tJ>_LD. 728 Vi McAllister st. ■■ - ■ ■-■*■■.■■
CQ LOWER FLAT. 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 267
.. fsO. Dore »i., off Harrison. ..
-HOWARD COURT, OFF FOURTH ST.—!
- O" rooms; water frre: rent SI 4
:". (ij.ci 7 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 6 LIGHT
, •_ 1 I . rooms., bath, gas, tubs. * 909 Folsom st.
°, c near Fifth. . ' ■ t
PWKK BAY-WINDoW FLAT: 6 ROOMS
' yard. 30% Moss, off Howard, bet. 6th and 7in
1 O I A SACRAMENTO— FLAT OF 4 BOOMS
• iO l bath. „ . .
. TTPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS: BATH; $17. 10K
U shotw»ll 81. . . ■ •
* <_» < \ a <jM.-: SUNNY UPPER FLATS
.fJ!'J. 1316 aad 1318 Jessie St., near Hermann
• ' 51 *) COZY UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS. 716^
* «!M - . Tehama%t.. near Eighth.
y.o WINDOW FLAT; 3 ROOMS. 2{
• o ip 14. Ritch St., near Folsom aDd Third. "■ ■;■
."CJ-J Q ELKGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS
o rjp 10. 6 rooms, ba:h. 36 San Jose aye., r. 24th
, QUNNY UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH
• ° 0 1416^ Devlsadero at.°. near oieary.
'..' VKW FLATS; 3*44 AND 3744y 8 TWENTY
,— ' second &t.,°ncar Noe: 6 arid- 6 rooms and bath
, = rents $16 and $1& Apply to EA&TON, EL
BRIDGE & CO.. 63S Market st. -
• ioi »=FKEMONT— FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS TC
~i — — small family:oniarlne view. -,•■-. . : .v
o CO NORFOLK ST.7NEAR ELEVENTH. OFB
° *)£ Harrison— Snnny flat 4 rooms; large yard.
° C ' TTTTj JjL.vT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 102
C XU.. Post st., near Polk. ~
." (T» 1' "6" LARGE SUNNY ROOMS: BATH
Oil), gad and large planked yard. 3930 Nine
".t^tf nth St.. bet. Not and Sanchez. ■ :■■ - . ,
.in BROADWAY —FLAT 4 LARG£
— — i r,ooms; rentsl4.
IfLAT; "6 ROOMS; BATH; GOOD MARINE
view. 2106 Leavenworth jt., bet. Filbert ant
; Oreen^lch. 0 ■ -
!c l QOI WEBSTER— 3 SUNNY ROOMd ANI
JO-J.obath. , ■ ;
' Qll 9 GROVE, NEAR FJLLMORE—
. • Oi^ flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa
pered; tath; bj^.:neiit; yard: $25.- . - . ,;.'■'
<Dj 1 Q FLAT OF 3 LARGE ROOMS; LARGE
" ° 10. yard. 212% Eleventh St.
°:°I?LAT— A NICE FLAX AND OTHERS TC
". X rent by BALDWIN <& HAMMOND, 10 Mont
• pemery «t- „ '. ■•'
£ /*l°t GEARYS-LOWER FLAT; FINE CONDI
- r •Ul-O tion: 6 rooms, bath: all light and sunny; $30
fl>-| Ci w ATE R ' FREE : : LOVE f,Y UPPEI
V -I O. modern sonny 5-room flat; 100 feet fron
° las ro cars. 4073 Twenty-third St.: key 4075.
■> p»EBIKABL£ SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
"i' with bath and all modern .improvements
1633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and Gougfe: rent, la
€'->'h ,■■ K-IW-T. -42 50. ■-: - . •
» IV«» V 't'Mi, a i.uuJla BATH; $12
*.' water free. 529 Ivy aye. :
I,'Lt.UANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE
XI low.Brrant. 6 and ti rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
° A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — THJI
-t\- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. -
&OOSKKXSPIIIU KOO_S. .
.*.,..• • Bryant Avenue.
••• °cvi Bryant, KB. THIRD -NICE sriTN"s
■>; Oil suite; $9 per month. '; ' ■ r _
' • . ■•* i.udv Street.
'\ 114 EDDY- NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE
.1. 1 "T keeping rooms: also sunny front rooms.
. , >.l - JaiDrUY — 3 UNFURNISHED , ROOMS
tJI.D gas; range; fine location; private family
'' o reference. ■ " "'■'•-• ■■-
"(I I 7 -EDDY— H OUSE X E X PING ROOMS
0° •"1 I nicely furnished; splendid location; pnvat
family. .
of ' 1-1 1 is Street.
QOTk ELLIS-2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE
♦JOU keeping rooms; In rear: cheap.
\ QQQ ELLIS. NR. VAN NE-S- BUNNI
000 rooms suitable for man and wife or tw
ladies; rent reasonable; references exchanged. ■
° „ Eleventh Streeet.
"° lAn ELEVENTH — SUNNY FURNIBHEI
° i=UD housekeeping room ; $7. -_ , - .. ■
* ■'■'• -• ; 1 mil street. o
" Ol A FIFTH — 2 BUNNY FRONT HOUSE
.. kpgrms: stove: closet; bath: private; $»
yor FIFTH— CI.KAN FURNISHED HOUSE
oZO keeping; 2, $10: 3. »13: single, $5. ■
• • . ■ - ■" *>eary St ccc.
• '9171 GEARY- HOUSEKEEPING
— i I % 3 rooms: rent reasonable: key 217.
'. . Glen Park Avenue.
r. i;i.i:x PABK aye., OFF twelfth-s un
0 O furnished suany rooms; closets. -■ = ■ .
• ..uiueu O»m Avenue/ , f
AT n GOLDEN GATE AYE.- 2 PLEASANT
i- U hlcely furnished housekeeping room"!.
, ' CAQ GOLD KNGATK AVE.— LAKGKALCOVI
CUO with kitchen, bonsekping: gas; range; mn
Howard Street.
nn-l 1 HOWARD - BAY-WINDOW SUITE
ID I 2 with kitchen ; others double and single
reasonable. ■; ■' '■'■ • '* ' ' : -' " -
.1 OX4 HOWARD-NICE LARGE BAY-WIN
IZUTdow housekeeping room; also slngl
room : cheap. ____________________
OA *)f\ HO WARD— 4 ; OR - 5 SUNNY ROOMS
__ i__U furnished housekeeping: fine location
nice house; garden; $25. v / -■■■-'". ■ "-'"* •
• ' . '- La_runa Street;
Of\(\ LAGUNA, COR. MCALLISTER—
c/vv Housekeeping rooms; gas stove.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
< Lurk trees. _
Q{\ I LARKIN— FRONT CONNECT-
CUi ing rooms, furnished, 813; 2 bacK rooms,
19; . ■-■ •
1 nn« LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED PAR-
XUUI> lor floor of 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms:
gas; bath. ■■ " / .■*>•"•. :-■•■ \ •■ .-7 • : "-. x '
i}A OQ PARKIN— a OR: 3 NICE BURNISHED
— \tOt7 rooms for housekeeping.
Leavenirortb street. ,
101 A 1 LEAVENWORTH— LOWER FLOOR,
l''iu« unfurnished; line housekeeping rooms;
cheat). ..•■■■ .
101 HEAVEN WO 3 UNFURNISHED
X\JX*J rooms with bath for housekeeping; $10.
Market street, r
"1 Q] 9 MARKET (VAN -i NESS HOUSE)—
J-OX_ Buite unfurnished rooms; light faonsekpg.
— later eel.
99QA MCALLISTER — 8 : UNFURNISHED
rooms, private family; references. .
-*.ii,i 1:l .--tree;.
9AQ MINNA-2 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
-*>-'t7 Ing rooms; good yard.
F\AU MINNA— FURNISHED rooms com-
«-»-tV> plete for housekeeping; large yard.
j'tktlon ice,,
QG/1 MISSION — NEATLY FURNISHED
yJVztiS room; complete for housekeeping.
QA.7 MISSION— FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
OX • plete for housekeeping.
]9]7 MISSION — (SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
i_ 1 I keeping rooms; newly renovated.
■ New Montgomery street.
"I AC NEW MONTGOMERY — NEWLY PA-
_LU«J pered and renovated: cheapest furnished
housekeeping suites In city; see them.
-Ninth Street.
O/V NINTH, NEAR MARKET— FRONT SUITE
--v/ for housekeeping; also single; grate; gas.
91 NINTH— LARGE BAY-WINDOW ROOM
_.L for light housekeeping; also others.
Norfolk Street.
c 9 NORFOLK, ELEVENTH. OFF HAK-
»'*- rison— 2-roomed cottage furnished for house-
keeping; yard. . •
U'lurrell Street.
9-1 A O'FARRELL-3 eUNNY FURNISHED
.-i.tr rooms for housekeeping; gas. bath.
' ■ Polk Street.-
-191 O POLK— FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
-1 — 1.0 nlsned housekeeping rooms; also single.
Second Street. SOB
inn' SECOND— SUIT bUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
1Z- ing rooms furnished; other rooms, 84 up;
bath and laundry. ■
Scott Street. » -
1 Cl A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS; UN-
lDli furnished; bath; garden, etc. Call m.
south Park. .
1 n SOUTH PARK— OR 3 FURNISHED OR
ID unfurnished housekeeping rooms. $7 to $10.
Stevenson Street.
rn'l STEVENSON- 8 FURNISHED OR UN-
i)Oi>2 furnished sunny housekeeping rooms.
Stockton Street. >
17AQ STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
-1 I \JO nished complete for housekeeping; yard;
cheap rent. .
Van >cs« Avenue, /'.""-'
71 A VAN NESS— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
I IV completely furnished for bousekeepg; 920.
Washington Street.
'All WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
OX) & ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
"Welsh Street.
"I 1 A WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE-
-I±t: ly furnished -rooms: housekeeping: cheap.
: 11OO1IS TO Ut
California street.
91 (T)A CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOMS
_ 1 — "I for gentlemen. - " -. -.
• ' . i-.udy Street. ■
"I "I Q EDDY— RRIOHT SUNNY ROOMS 96
1 lO up; aUo front suite cheap.
ALL AT THE PORTSMOUTH FOR NICE,
reasonable rooms. 41 Eddr, corner Mason.
CQA EDDY— Ft RNISHED' SUNNY SINGLK
•OOU rooms, 76c and $1 per week.
£•97 EDDY SUNNY FL'KNISH'D ROOM
O_ i with good board, suitable tor two gentle-
H men; terms 545.
H i -i;iit)i >tr«tu.
I SHERMAN JirABTMEKT HOUSE. » BTH
■ i *:.. near Market: iurnlshed and unfurnished.
Hi . . . -i_»il» stree.. .. -
H 4 VANDELL, 120 ELLIS— SUITES,
■ A. $4 week up; single rooms, double beds, $2 up;
I bath free. - - ' -
HI TyiiK RAMONA, 130 KLLIB: .MRS. KATES.
I 1 H ART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
II cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot <& cold water.
HI Q9l EH.IB, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
■I OZiJL lodging we recommend the ttosedale House.
H Filluiore Street.
I Cm s LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
■ «JpXU. family. 2212 FUlmore St., near Clay.
H loliom street. .
I TQKjPOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY FURNISH'D
1.1 DO front room, suitable for 1 or 2; $6.
HE * u«:kry>ire»..
I /IQQGEARY.COR. TAYLOR— FRONT
HJ ttOO bay-window rooms; $8 to $10 per month. -
I q/v-i GEARY-NEVVLY FURNISH'D SUNNY
HJ OUJL rooms, central; reasonable; new cor. flat.
I mHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
H 1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: 910
HJ month up. 11U1 Geary St., SW, cor. Van Ness aye.
HJ ■ ■ dough Street.
I {1 OUGH. NR. LARGE SUNNY FRONT
HJ vJT alcove room, and large room connecting; "fur-
I nlshed or unfurnished: board optional; private
I family. Address Reasonable, box 99, Call Office.
H Gilbert Street.'
I 1 991 GILBERT, - BET. TOWNSKND AND
HJ J--~i— a Brannan— 3 unfurnished rooms to let; $8.
HJ buiaeu I.UH) Avenue.
I 91 Q GOLDEN GATE-NICE SUNNY SINGLE
■ it/ rooms from 95 to $8.
HJ ■ buwitrit , street. \
I "VTEWPORT HOUSE, 1113 V& HOWARD ST..
I JLN near Seventh— Sunny furnished rooms, from
HJ 91 25 a week up; housekeeping from $2 up;
HJ transient. "■
I 1 QfiCi HOWARD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH—
■ IOUD 3or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms; f B. _
HJ Jessie' Street. '
Hi Q7Q JESSIE— FRONT ROOM NEWLY FUR-
■ 010 nished; only 96. ■ • • ; • . • ■
HJ Junes Street. *
Hi 9fi7 .'ONES— THE VAN WINJCX.E: NEW
■ £i\J % management: elegant sunny suites and
■ tingle; newly furnished: bath, etc; »1U to *HU.
I Rflfi JONES— PLEASANT SUNNY SUITES
■ O\JO or single; also housekeeping rooms. ■•;..■
... !.«.. . I II V MlfU-
I QA KKARNY— SUITES ELEGANTLY
■ OU furnished: electric light; gas; tourists so-
■ llclted.
It RLXNGTON HOUSE } 127 KEARNY —
H] -A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; lirst
■ class In every respect; terms reasonable.
Lark in Street. '
I Ql A PARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
■ Ol.'-x ny parlors; also alcove room: use of bath.
HJ JLktkrt str««»' . ,
I V OSEMITE HOUSE. • 1045 MARKET — PER
I 1 night. 850 to 91 : week. 91 60 10 9S: famiUea.
HJ ■' McAllister Street.
I 99f?A MCALLISTER OPP. ; CITY HALL—
HI ZZO Sunny furnished rooms; 98 and 910: pri-
■ vate family. , . .■■•..
HJ i Jiliiiia »ire»».
I ann minna, COR. EIGHTII-NEWLY FUR-
■ UP I nlshed bay-window rooms: 91 per week.
HJ .■• ' u'i? urr«<ll Kiwi
I A I n OF A R RE LL — CHANGED HANDS;
HJ 4JO nicely furnished suites and single; terms
H reasonable. _ ' :' .'?,- ■■■■ -.. :-. ■■'* / '■■
Hi A O'FAKRELL BT. — NEWLY FURNlsn-
■ rktm O ed rooms, suite or single: terms reasonable.
I 79^1 O'FARRELL-DOUBLE FURNISHED
■ I "*)% cottage room. ■•-'; :" ; ' _^____
, ; Fine Street.
I PAA PINE ST. — TO-LET - NICE SUNNY
■ UUU front room. •••... - -
HJ . .'butter, street. "
I QAQ BUTTER— FURNISHED ROOMS OR
HI OUO suites. . $1 25 to . 910 a week; night, _5c to
■ $150: transients solicited. > , . '
H caa HCTTER— SUNN Y FRONT SUITK, FUR-
■ «>l/V/ nlshed ■or unfurnished ; . also " single, fur-
nisbed.
Hl ll iQ BUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
■ I '<•) newly furnished sunny rma.: suite or single.
BYi7fO?4 80TTKR— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS IN
■ / _-U private family; gents only; references re-
■ quired. •-.. •-;*'^.v.-'i -'■:.■'.'.:■' v -*• ■■• • ■
I I -I 1 -I . SUTTER NICELY " FURNISHED
■ J 1 i I rooms, en suite or single; reasonable. >-:
Hi i ac, SUTTER, . COR.. -POLK — NICEST
HJ i ItO rooms; lowest price; light housekeeping;
HH traveling public accommodated.
THE SAX FK AJN <JJL»C<J CALL, .; WJKJJJJN 'jii»ijA.'.i: , ; JU.LY 39, 1896.
ROOMS TO XETr Continued.,
.-nth ; Street.
~\*)C\ sixth— sunnTTurnished HOUBE-
L**\J keeping and single rooms: transient.- •
"1 91 SIXTH— CHKAi'EST IN- THE CITY;
-LZ..L nicely furnished single and double rooms.
; Stockton Street. "
onn STOCKTON, SE. COB. GKABY— SUNN Y
£"" furnished downtown rooms; $7. •■
■ " ■ Taylor i Street.'
CAO TAYLOR, GEARY— LARGE RUNNY
«JUZ. suite; formerly occupied by physician; fur-
nished or unfurnished. . >• ■ ' «.",
Tenth. Street. ;
,£Q 1 TFNTH-4 ROOMS; LOW KENT: NO
iQ't children.
I'XFCESISHEI) R OMS.
I]i McA LISTER, FLAT 3—LXIuTiTFKONT'
I Ltr and back parlor: cheap; Immediate. ■
l!OAKI)IN(i AND r ROOMS.
HTTcfsECOND^WO CLD " BO ARD~2~*Y QV NO
«Jv/O men or man and wife: every convenience.
71 horary— FURNISHED SONNY
• J V/ rooms with board; terms reasonable. .-
-7J 0 FOLSOM — HANDSOME FURNISHED
I "i '' sunny rooms; board optional; private; rea-
sonable.
707 ELLIS.NK.I'OIiK- FURNISnED ROOM
101 with ooard. • ■
1 JAK V A NESS AYE.- ALCOVE ROOM
J-TV/cl with board; private family; references.
'-'HI JONES — SUNNY ROOMS, SUITE OK
OVI. single; board If desired. ■
HOTEL BKhTU.NU, 714 ±>USH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; uilniod-
« i". convenience*. .
CHILDKKN BUAKUEU.' ••
Sun ny^FrnTsh eTT~room~i n~prTvate
. family, with use of bath, for 1 or 2 ladies; with
or without board. 3481 Seventeenth, nr. Guerrero.
I II ILDREN BOARDED; PRIVATE FAMILY
\J in country: school nearby; $10 a month. MRS.
1.. ISAAC, Dimond Postoffice, Upper Frultvale,
Alameda County. -
1 CHILD; TERMS MODERATE. 4025
X Twenty-fifth st. ■ ■ . • -
L.ADY WITH GIRL OF 15 WISHES IOR 2
I children to board. 321 Cumberland st.
PLEASANT HOME AT 1727 MCALLISTER
j-_gv^_for child: good care: terms moderate.
. STOKES TO uer.
<i i o^KTT^ia^AcTFTc^Tn^oSr^wTTEß
<S> IA.O\J. front; cigar stand. ASHION <fc
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery.
STORE AND 3 LIVING-ROOMS-KENT 15
326 Ninth st. ■
Uf\A ELLIS— SMALL STORE TO RENT;
l '"i suitable for shoeshop. Apply at groceery
adjoin lug. .
r.|\A NINTH— sTOivIS; GOOD FlX-
*J\J\.t tures and rooms; stable: cheap. -
1 "ARGE BASEMENT TO LET CHEAT. COR-
J-J ncr First and Market sts. ■
STORK COR. LAFAYETTE, 1524 HOWARD;
_ with fixtures for saloon; til for any business,
heap rent. .
""^ OFFICES to LET.
OO KEARNY -^FINIE J^URS{IsiIED ROOMS
«£O and offices to let; quie; house. '■
MARKET, COR. STOCKTON— CORNER
OuU room. 8 large windows, suitable for archi-
tect or artist; other offices; rent cheap.
ESK ROOM. TO LET IN A PLEASANT
sunny office in Crocker building for *15 per
month with free services of a competent sten-
ographer. Ad. BILLINGTON, box 54, this office.
On O'FARRELL— LARTjK, SUNNY, OFFICES;
— " electric lights: elevator and janitor services.
I 1 Q EDuY-FINESUITE; c.KOUND FLOOR;
A i-O offices for aoctor or dentist. '^
FRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
C 3 Elegant srtnnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light:
, heating and Janitor service free. Apply at bulldln;
or U. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
BICYCLES.
Ar^S^mT^T^Nl)hiM^XLM^T^S?EwT^s7
I new bicycles at less than coat. W. CRANK,
814 Post st. " - .
EN HLK TANDEM. ALMOST .M.W. i»ii B-
une, $50: Cleveland, fit): Rambler. $40; Ben
Hur, ladles', $50. DAVIS B ROS., 'ib Geary si.
W INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
• Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
"". ARUAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
'» single wheels. 306 Post st.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO L&T;
X best . accommodations. ' Termlnua Geary, Mt>-
AU)st«T and Powell st. car lines. ■ ■ •
.' . J-iltS SALK-aiISCKLLAXEOUSi.
*99~KA~JKui«AN i rrsw iaodijt" ¥icw-
«Jp*j — - *J\> . ing machine: 5 drawers; oat finish:
cost $65: cause, leaving city. 704 Pine st.
VOR SALE— AN ARK, 26x16 FEET. APPLY
X 307 Bryant. ' . . :
■^JJin NEW FAMILY SINGER; 5 DRAW-
OJ A/, era; attachments complete. 2437 Mission
CODA. FOUNTAIN, ICECREAM FKEEZER,
O etc., $90. 159 second st,
OISTi:%O-WOKKS TOOLS AND SUPPLIES
cheap. Adaress X. Y. Z , box 36. Call Office.
Jr»RENCH DOUBLE-ACTION ERAUD HAHP;
-T price $400. Warehouse, 722 Mission st.
IPIVE- HOKSE POWKR GAS ENGINE.
BROWNING & iJREMER's gunstore, 820
Kearny st.
■VfO. 1 WINDMILL; 4000-GALLON TANK;
-l-> first-class brass pump: galvanised pipes. Ad-
dress EDWARD McUEE, 2212 Magnolia st., Oak-
land.
( 1 HEAP, NEW CAMPING WAGON. APPLY
\J grocery-store, corner Silver aye. and Mission.
B" ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERH, SI I 1 l.\ -
•' ing, etc-bought and sold. 1063 Mission st,
SPLENDID " REMINGTON TYPKWRITER,
$45: others from $20 up. RKVALK, 310 Cat.
/ «OOD SECOJfIVHAND BUILER; ALSO LOT
U pulleys, shaftinjf, etc. W. L. SAN FORD,
4J 5 Washington ac M9SMBM
I»UILEKS.ENUINES,2I>-HANDMACHINERY.
-LJ waterplpes. Mrlntosh <b Wolpman, 187 Beala.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AAD HAVE
them repaired; separate parts sold and shipped.
■San Francisco Baby Carnage MT*t. Co., 442 Sixth.
PACIHC GAS ENGINE— t-H.P.: PERFECT
order; 2 Adams prig presses: power 516 Mission
I ou.\ t k s, sTTk L. V 1 NO, ~ SHOWCASES
■\J bought and sold. 1121 Market.bet. 7th&.Bth.
H .. UILDINUS.BoUUiIT: LUMBER, SASHta"
I ■ ' doors, mantels, etc. fpr sale. 1166 Mission.
I UN X hiIALL MEDIUM AND LA RUE SIZS
■ V/ fire and borgl-r proof safn. 109. 11l Market i:
I LURK AND BURGLAR SAFK LETT Ell-
■ JL press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 10J Clay.
I \TE\V KAKUK3 CHEAPER THAN SEUONIi-
■ Xl hand. W. B. RAY Mtz Co., 12 California
I n*?£, A , PE !TF AND BEST in america-thb
■ ,V, » LtKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
■ United States or Canada one year for SI CO, posb-
age free. *^
B ! SKWIXG MACHINKH.
I "VTEW SINGERS FOR RKNT,"SI
■ li per month: V. S. Singers, $2. 1559 Market.
I A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
■ rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
I ■• • ; " LOST. ■
I "wVIVL THE PARTIES WHO TOOK THE
■ •' yonng bull slut from' 940 Bryant st. Hnnday
■ night please return It and save further trouble.
I V| A L FOX-TERRIER ON POLK ST., NIC
■ i.tl. Market: black and tan head; reward. 21 Polk.
I 1 OST-FROM 1528 MARKET ST., A SILVER
■ -U terrier, name Tot: upper teeth out: $6 reward.
I I OST— FEATHER - BOA, SATURDAY, AT
■Ji the Chutes; suitable reward. Return 2328
■ Jonc< st. •■ -■'-
H"-". ' DtNTISTS. :
I pko^mk^de^taXa^ocTat'ion^m'ma'bT
H \J ketst.. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists-
■ only reliable agent for painless extraction; artifi-
■ cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
■ cents, with gas $1. -
H "L*>IRST-CLAS.S DENTISTRY: I RST-C L A
■ X 1 prices; nrst-clas^ -results; ' painless extraction
■of teeth. Telephone Main 6375. W. C. ll All-
■ DIM. CM.. M.D., 500 Sutu-r St.. corner PowelL
■ DR. LUDLUM HILL, ,1443 MAKKh.I' Hi"
■ XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting wha-i
■ plates are made: old plates made over like new:
U>eth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
■ DR. GtORUK :W. LEEK, ~THK GENUINE
■ U Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
H and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
■ without any plate, moved from 610 20 O'Farrell st.
■ TpULL SET OF. TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
H X five years; extraction, 60c; illllnes, 50c-
M crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
■ T)R.L. T. i -RANK— EXI'RACI'ION PAINLESS
■ U crown work, ; bridge work and teeth without ■
■ plates a specialty. 108 Geary st., cor. Grant ava. .
H . dlj7 A OKT,>UK IJ-.ETH: WARKANTED A 1
■ Vp I good as can be made: tilllnu $1. Dr. sIMMi
H c*ntl»i. 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater. ; .
I pAINLKSS EXTRA CTIOX. , 60c; CROW N"
■ X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari
J experience. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S.. H15«4 Geary. -
Hl~ti.. i.UCKh.Tl,'l7oi* PU-i' ST.. NEAR BO-
■JJ ■ cnanan: «as given; crown ami brldee work. -
» Ll work rkasonablk and WAR-
M A ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OF TKKTH WITHOUT.* lM.A'i\l£ vtl* kL
M Q G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk U. ..:./■ /~
/ UUTO.V DEN IAL ASSOCIATION. HOti MAJt-
|V ket at. DR. CHARLK3 W. DECKER. •£f
ll^K. J.J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. OOLDKN
1) Gat«» iv —Open rvfnin^- HnnJavi till noon."
PHYSICIANS.
fiR. C. C. O'DONNELL, "I2O6*MARKET, COR,
■ 17 Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty;
I AON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
■XJ hla museum, : 1051 : Market St. : bU 30 years' -
■ sncceasful practice Is a guarantee of fair ire»lmeni;
■ urn wont cases treated SKUafaciurUr by auui.
PERSONATE.
if IsOAiT''TBTfsiNEVB TRAN SACTED WITH-
XJ out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
J. JEFFRE3S, 402 Montgomery st., room 18. " y?t; I
IDSUMMER SALE OF FINE TRIMMED
iVL bats at $1 each. MRS. 8. X, HALL, Baldwin
Millinery. 938 Market St..
VELVET AND CLOTH : CAPES , BELOW
V : manufacturers' coat. 20 Sansome gt.; upstairs.
A DVIOE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
A. cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
aw suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at- I
ended to. G. W. HQWK,atty-at-law, 850 Market st.
T3ECORDS OR CHARTS AT EACH : MA-
It sonic. Odd Fellows, Red Men, Knights ol I
Pythias; framed cheaply; also lot of good oil
paintings, a pargaln. JONES, 647 Mission St. ' 1y |
I^OR PARTIES. FOX DANCES AND BALLS,
for theaters, coiffures of all kinds lor only 25c, I
lone by the. beat artists in the city, at G. LEDER- II
KKS', ill Stockton St.; "Quinonla," it cures all ■
scalp troubles. ..■-.- . ■ . ,- ■- >- ■
pONSUMPTION TREATED; NEW METHOD. I
\J DR. AMERICAN. 36Vfr Geary st.; 12 to 2:30. ■
\\r OMEN'S ELECTRIC -SANITARIUM, I
" rooms 53 Mare building— New and scientific ■
methods for promoting healih; beauty. . Con. free. [I
T ADV. 81KA>>*ER IX THE CITY, DESIRES I
J-Jbuslne~s partner ;small capital. 122 Post si.., r. 2 M
PARTING TON'S SCHOOL: OF, MAGAZINE II
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening ■
ciasses: Instructors, J. H. E. Partineton, Ger:rude
Partington. R. L. i'artlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
WATCH & JEWKLKY REPAIRING. STONE
' » engraving, mono rams, crests : low prices ;woric
guaranteed. J. X. BRITTAi.s, 20Geary st. '
A I Its. UK. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
i»l clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles, 126 Keartiy st., room 47.
ÜBI, SADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS,
111 866Vfr Market St., room 12.
T>IG OUTDOOK STKKEOPTICON SHOW EVE-
-D ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; - promoters of bad-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 1 40 MarketsU
* TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY terms you
A can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTH*
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason St.; open evenings.
ttuTecTrlc LIGHTS IN every ROOM i
li Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market: I
200 rooms, 25c to 91 50 per night: $1 50 to 96 per ■
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.' I
CVITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO I
0 guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate jl
Talorlng Company. ll7 Market it.. bet 7th and Bth. ■
pAZOR-FIXING OCR EC 1 A LI : FINE {■
Pledge put on razor,2sc Razor Exchee,63oMaricet I
1 IBEI'.AI< AI'VANCh-i ON DIAMONDS, Jti W-
XJ Iry. etc. : lowest rates. 84X Market st.
O bTROZYNSKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
O. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular price*.
f\L.D GOLD. SILVER. itEX'l'S' AND LADIES'
\J clothing boueht.' rot. MAN. 41 So. cor. Jcm!i>
I>UKSS.MARjKKS. .
X\RESSES>2 UP: WKAPPERs'^S~CEN 7 rS UP;
.1/ lawn ■■?! up. 6058,4 N'ttloma St.. above Sixth.
-~~~—~ CLAIItVO YANTS." ~
ODCCKaa ABSOLUTELY (JUARANTEBa
kJ Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAB-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates .mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits anil
everything relating to the futnr»; thousands of
families Ion? separated reunited by his efforts:
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions; send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy ■
Hours from 9 to 9 dally and Sundays. ■
/■"ITANA THE GYPSY.' I
Vjr This remarkable woman has last arrived from ■
the Orient and promises marvelous developments ■
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad- ■
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love, ■
courtship, matrimony: sue reunite* the separated ; ■
causes speedy and happy marriage with the one ■
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. S Turk st. I
TTme. STEWKRT. SEVENTH DAUGHTER
IVL or the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
cltv by producing exact likeness of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast; test her powers ere
shesalls for Kurope: she guarantees to bring back
lost love; makes peace and happiness in the home.
Rooms and 4. 917 Market st. Ladies and gents 50c
"\|ME. TRUfc, CELEBRATED -GYPSY, UN-
Ju precedented success in New .York. City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 303
Stockton st. ; elevator. . . ;
VfMK. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
jM. ant, c»rU-r«'ud<-r. born •.. l:ii a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c gents SI: palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings 91 50. 1"8 Turk St., nr. Jone*.
I) ET URN ED. WORLU-RKNOWNED MM~Z"
XV SCH.MIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
\| ME. ARNDT, BES1 1 FORTUNETELLER in
iYI the world; 500 and $1. shows you the olctureot
rour future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Markes
PEOPLE'S SPIRTUALIST SOCIETY. 1111
I I.arkln at.. 8 P.M., MRS. SUMMERS of Chicago
ana others. ;, ;
\f ME. RAYMOND. CLAIRVOYANT, . CARD-
iII reader and magnetiat. 1153 Market, room 1.
\l US. KNIGHT. "CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
1»1 reader: fee 50c; ladles only. 714 Lcavenworib.
/I YPSV MEDIUM RETURNED: . SITTINGS
VI dally; 25c up. 240 Vis Sixth it., rooms 6 and 7.
\|ME. L.EGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
i'l f j;nre; *Jsc 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
111 K."MOKKAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
J'l past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
\.l ME. lIAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
-'I business advice: names clven:>scup. 6 Fourth.
\l i-sM. J LAX A koTJCIN S. M 7A L MAG-
l'i netic healer; test medium. 850 Market, r. »0-31
•\fI»S BEATRICE BLANCHE. CARD-READ-
-I*l er. late from Guatemala.. 105 Larkin at., r. 2.
AIME. SYBILLE TELLS from CRADLE TO
i'l grave: ladies, 25c: gents, 50c. 914 O'FarrelL
JJEST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; FEE
I* 25c 41 Minna gt.. near Second: basement.
~~ M'lKi llALl^.il.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AJMONU WOMEN IS
« MRS. DR. A. I)'. no WE.
FKK $1 « UPWARD! FEE 91 & UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lire is yet worth living!
US. DIV A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in the ten years past, is
jißiiin at her old office*. 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal, who will either call on or
write. to her. Your whole life revealed; soccesi
ron 'lit to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
separated are united: the sick made strong ; the
poor come rich: if you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrno consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor ■ mortals
who try o imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most suc-
cessful and satlnfacory. All letters answered.
. Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE «1 & UPWARD! FEK 91 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
13--0 Market st., opp. Seventh,
San Francisco. ■
"a DDIE SWAIN HAS RETURNED: OFFICE
A 344 McAlllsUr Rt.; sitting to ladle* only: 1 to
8: test meeting at Washington Hall. 35 Eddy St.,
Thursday evening; tickets 25c: single 15c.
RK. DR. MIRANDAS, THE CELEBRATED
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BUSI-
i'l ness medium: sittings daily: 91. 186 Palest.
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET; SEA N-
I* ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 250; 10 to 4 dally.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT HLATE-
. writer 118 Haleht nt ; hours 9 until 6 I. M.
"■ " """astrology. ~~
A'^~a^KT)L^OY r AND"MEDTcixK ; NATIVITIES
J\. or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health.- 311 Hyde st.; 10 to 3. It
. ATTORN KYB-AT-L AW.
■^UvTciEiFß^E^narv'6lTcE^A^s"X^?p y E^
.IV alty ; private; do charge unless successful; ail
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. U. W. HOWE, att'yat-law. 850 Market.
I E. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS:
J. damage cases a specialty;' money to loan on
estates: charges moderate. Offices 508 California.
F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW,SBIPARROTT
. bldg. Practices in all courts ; charges moderate
W KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. CHRON-
. iclV oldg: advice free: moderate: cpen evngs.'
" LEGAL. KOTICES.
ivTjTlcn^'To'cß^Di'rtrHS— KSTATK"OKIIARt
1\ | GARET DOYLE," deceased.— Notice is hereby
given 'by the j undersigned, administrator of the
estate of Margaret Doyle, deceased, to the credit-
ors of, and all persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the . necessary
vouchers, within four months after the flru pub-
lication of this notice, to the said administrator, at
the law office of Boyd & Flfleld, 32* ■ Pine street,
the same b-ing bis place for the transaction of tbe
business of said estate in the City and County . of
San Francisco, State of California. ■ . , ■
'»■ STEPHEN FLETCHER, administrator of the
estate of MARGARET DOYLK, deceased.
■ Dated at San Francisco, July 1. I*9B.
•-.BOYD & FIFIELD, Attorneys for Administra-
tor.' ■■>-_?. '■•/. " : - -:'"- ; "■■■ - " :-■•».-•-.':'• . .
T\KPAR >O. 9, PROBATE— IN THE
XJ. Superior Court, and for -j- the City and
County of san FranrUco. Slat? of California.
In the matter of me estate of ; GABRIEL U AIL-
HAKD. deceased, 17&01.
, - Notice Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 4th
day of August, A. £> 1896, a* 10 o'clock a. v. of
said day and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court at the Dew City Hall, in the City and
County of Ban Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving a
duly authenticated ' copy of the will of said
GABRIEL GAILHARD. deceased, and for hear-
ing the application Of PIERRINE BKRGES for,
the issuance to him of letters of administration
with the will annexed. RRBMMMHB
■-.. Dated July 21. A. D., 1896.
[seal] - ' •■ C. F. CURRY. Clerk,
- - - By F. B. HOUGHTON, Deputy Clerk. .
"P.' ALEXANDRE BERGEROT.: Attorney for
Petitioner, 142-148 Crocker building, Baa Fran-
cisco.
CITY . REAL ■■ ESTATE.
4 X OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS. •
A - . :. -. ■■••-. - •:•" •,-:-- -:■ .
l^fcl r\f\(\ CASH, ; $3500 ON MORTGAGE.
S.IUUU buys lovely home of 10 rooms and
lot, 35x137:6. at 1321 Jackson St., near Hyde.
©2LOCA 6 ELEGANT FLATS; RENTS $47.
©^AflA -"* FLATS: -& ft. 7TH AND MAR-
<pOUUU. ket; rents S£l.
®Rlt\{\ THREE 7-ROOM HOUSES ON
H) I O\J. Mason st., rented, $60; appraised
$9000. . _
©7f\nn * NEARLY NEW FLATS ON
ijp I O\J\J . Pine St., near Webster; rents 870.
UAAA COR.: 6 FLATS (NEW) ON CAR
.UUU lino; rented, $116.
<2"I A AA A ELEGANT 14- ROOM CORNER
«35JLU.UUU. residence on Van Ness aye.
Other good bargains.
A. M. SPECK * CO., 803 Market st.
1 OTS SEAR THE AFFILIATi- D COLLEGES.
IJ A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
We call .your attention to the building lots In
block bounded by 11 and I streets and 9:h and 10th
avenues, an being good Investmtnts '■ at the very
low prices asked, - .- '-• - -
$750 AND UPWARD".
toll I' ASH; $10 MONTHLY.
All streets on official grade. Gas and water piped
to the property. .This block faces tin? ■ park at the
9th-avenue entrance. Our agent. Mr. i rozier, on
the ground Sundays with maps, etc. a number of
the lots have b< cv sold. .Don't delay, but Bee the
properly at once. '■"- ' ' "
Baldwin & Hammond.
. - - - . 10 Montgomery st. '
A KE YOU LOOKIXTJ " ""^777
L FOB A BUILDING LOT?
IK SO, BE SURE
That you» see the lots in the Castro-st. Addition ,
can't be neat. ■ ..- .. •
prices $350 to $400.
TERMS $5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
STREETS graded. SEWERED and
MACADAMIZED.
On ite line of an electric road: fine view; good
climate; take the Mission or Valencia street curs,
transfer at 14th to electric road and riae to Chen-
ery and Castro sis.; agent on the ground dally,
also at 3207 22d St., cor. Mission, evenings after
7:30 o'clock. uEtiwwHmJaaßi
BALDWIN & HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
/CHEAPEST LOTS IN THE CITY.
\J ALL STREET WORK DONE.
GRADED, SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED.
Lots $350 to ?400; terms *5 monthly; take the
Guerrero-st. electric cars, Mission and Valencia
transfer at Fourteenth st., and see tne C&siro-s'..
addition: 'he best lots In the city for an invest-
ment or & home site; agent on the ground .daily,
and evenings st 3207 '--'d' sl, cor. Mission, after
7:30 p. M.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND.
t .-.■.' 10 Montgomery st
Qi. 1 \> C\( \C\ TAYLOR ST.. NEAR orary:
) I .\J\J\J . S-story bay-window house and lot;
bouse in good condition ; brick foundation; pays
good income. . . -
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
OIJ7AAA MAKE AN OFFER; LOT'6oxl2s;
) 4 UUW. W. side of Church St.. near Market;
could be Improved to pay good interest. .
O FARRKLL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
<2H 9 AAA KEJUCED - FROM. $17,500;
pXj£i.\J\J\J. business property on Taylor st.,
nr. Market; 2-story, 6 room - and < bath house and
lot 25x81) .' feet: can be - further improved and
made to pay handsomely... '
O'FA HKE LI. A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
m^Tin TO CLOSE A* ESTATE: BRYANT
pOuUU. St., near Sixth; 2 lots. 26x76 each,
and 3 cottages: $46 per month: always rented.
O'FARRELL <£ I 0., 11 Montgomery st.
C.icnn 2 MAGNIFICENT LOTS. 25x
0 •«-'"-'^*> 137:6 feet each; suitable for business
or residence; Oak St., near Devisadero: former
price $6500; must be sold.
u'FaRKKLL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
Win A ( |A BUSINESS PROPERTY; Mo-
OIU.UUU. AUister st.: rents $116 i>er month:
store and flats: all rented: must be sold: make an
offer. O'FARKELL eft CO., 11 MontKOmt-rv st. ' .
ffi;E'n A .PACIFIC H EIGHTS; BKiml)'
*l>UtJ\J\J. way, near Laguna: lot 30x112:6,
with modern cottage of 7 rooms and bath; unob-
structed marine view a great bargain.
O'FAKRELL & CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
(29 I '(\ BROADWAY, NEAR LKAVEN-
)£iiO\J. worth; 23xt30; 2 flats of 4 rooms
each; rents $22. O'FARRELL, A CO.,
11 Montgomery st. .
s*l AHA LOT 25x125; DIAMOND ST., KB.
Oi-UUU. 18th; in Mission warm belt; street,
accepted: lot level, ready to b lid on; a bargain.
O'FAKRELL&CO.. 11 Montgomery St.
C? "AAA PRESIDIO HEIGHTS: CORNER
J) l\J\J\J. lot on Washington St.. 62x100: ele-
gant marine view; . this lot must be sold and we
want an offer. ■ O'FARKKLL A CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
ejQAO COST $2400; HOUSE, 4 ROOMB AND
pt7UU. bath; lot 50x100; good well of water;
Silver Heights. Excelsior Homestead Association.
$400—50x100: X s. Texas St., '250 ft. 8 Yolo, Fo-
tnro, adjoining residence of J. J. Oosterman.
CIIAS. C. FISHER, 607 California st.
\ i IcjSlO.n (JOl'l'AUi.S.
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 24th it. a~d Potrero aye. ; all street- work
finished: terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder, -
$2000— Five-room cottage. - .
$1800— Four-room cottage.
$1660— Four-room cottaee. -
~F\ C. BEMIK. . . -
\J- HEAL tSTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY .
FOR HUkUfc
$2600— E. si<l<- of btanyan s*., bet. Cart and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$450— >an Carles Villa lot: 100x150 feet
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson su, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. • ■ ■
■ $6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms f-ach. at
park: 25x137 :b feet : electric road parses houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed bouse on Harrison it.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$85O<>— Klpp.ant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
*ilX> CholcA building lots north of Dark. .
INTS TO REAL ESTATE • " • ■ ■ ■< ,
INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERS.
Yon can make some money now tame land any-
where within an hour's ride of a great seaport city.
You can make more money buying In some lo-
calities than others: ' ' '.-.■. " "
You can make the most money If you select a
placn naturally situated for a town, located in the
direct line' of up-to-date public and private Im-
provement*, easily accessible by cheap and fre-
quent railway and water transportation lines to I a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, yet far enough
away from any to insure of its becoming a prosper-
ous, self-supporting and independent community.
FITCH IS HO SITUATED
As to combine all these advantages and many
others. It offers splendid inducementt to those
about to start Business of any inscription. |
For suburban homes it r vals aiiy of the thickly
populated centers around the bays, -
1 1 li uu y 45 minutes from San Franrisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight.
>;». lon on both lines. . No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad. ~
ELEGANT CHU-RCH EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS.- . *»'?''
: The streets are graveled and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these improvements.
NOTE THE ELIGIBLE LOCATION.
' Consider the social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for pro tit on
your investment In a prospec:lve business center
as compared with the many isolated one-street
tracts now on the market. ' •
: SEE FITCHBURG.
. Invest judiciously and . the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the rest. Lots
ready to but a on, size 25 and 60 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep. .
PRICK ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 per. cent cash; balance In monthly
payments.
TOAD. 8.- FITCH, Fitcbburg. San Leandro Road.
W.F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
'flfci OKM COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS; BEKKE
C 1 I— •'''• ley; lot 60x100: near station: $30(
down, $15 monthly. ' " ■
. $160— Lot 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
. CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT
$150* to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. X 149 Mission
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
rnited States or Canada one year for $1 50, post
age free. "■.'. • ' : --' ' ' ■ ' - . - ■-.••■,
UOMill , IO LOAM.
:* "NY* AMOUNT ON BONDS, DIAMONDS,
IV watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silk!
* and instruments: Interest low: private entrance
private rooms; : discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 16 Grant aye . - ; ..---" - ; ; ■
A JjVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
JA. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without I re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, »4S Market St.: open evenings.
qi«l AA AAA TO LOAN. CITY," AT 6%; ALS{
«3)IUU. UUU Oakland, lit* Insurance, real es
tate In probate, small or large sums. KHAINWALI
BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st. -
ONKY LYING JULE: TAKE AT $5 INTER
I> l <>st per month for each 81000; same rate nee
ond mortgage or lite insurance. ' : Coin, box 'i. Call
H.fVI ONKY LOANiO> ■ UN JKWUU V. ■ ASO
■ iM other valuables at ths - Security ; . Loan Offlca,
J 110ttMarltetst..Dr. Mason: private mtr>nc« 7 Turic
I 1 \IRECTON YOUR FCKNITURK OR PIANO.
I \J do removal;, no delays: no commissions: low
J Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st.
H A NY AMOUNT: IST, -J.i> or 3D MOKTU A«Ki:
■ ix estates, undivided interests, 1 real estate in pro-
■ bate. McCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3. ■
I don improved REAL estate
■ Oil UUU sums not exceeding $1000. Call a
H room 628, Parrott Building. '.'.. •'
H i'tnr"*flS MOKTOAOKSi IXTERKSTS IN ES-
J lme»;loTYest rates:no dclav.MU«PHY,B2aMrict.
I * DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY.KTO
■ J\ Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Grant »m
h fawnbkokkks.
Hat •: 126 ', kearn y ■? ST., boom 9-MONE\
■ JFL loaned. ■ watches. "; diamonds, etc. ; • low rates
private rooms: elevator; pledges for sale cheap, t
H A ( WE*; KB V = NEWS * FOR 5 CENTS— TUB
■ A WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, tor walling. ;
" COUNTRY I REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— IB4O ACRES OF i EXCELLENT
fruit and a fa! fa land in one body; suitable for
co.omzat on: known as the Peter Clapp ranch:
3 ! miles . east >of Lathrop; 1 mile from school,
church and railroad; 10 miles from I Stockton and
within sixty rods of the .-tanisi. us and San Joa-
quln- Company's irrigation ditch, which runs par-
allel for two miles: 2 good dwelling-houses, good
barns, sheds, fences, tanks and windmills: county
roads: terms reasonable. £aye all commission by
applying to SUAH CLAPP, 6 Weber Point, Siock-
ton, fa . :. -.
mo LEASE FOtt 1 YEAR FURNISHED
J. house of 8 rooms and bath and 20 acres of land
in Sonoma County; use of horse and cow. See
owner, 111.6 Fell at., afternoon.
A NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOX
J\. grazing | purposes, |or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash ou.luy Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 3:26 Montgomery st. /
\IARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
I*l from city; lo s any sine: fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit,; • $40 10 '$75 per
acre; ; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany. 66 Chronicle buildinc ■ , . • < .
T ITTLK HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN. IM-
JU proved, easy terms:" also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. 1). H. TWIXG. Sonoma
City; every Monday a: 632 Market b.. S. P.
C:KM>>X»l7oljit Ll* I' i># oKt.'UARDHij.W.-.S
O tor sal». WtIQsTKK ifr.WM ITrn.V. «<i 'f^.-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAt ESTATE.
CH Cif\f\ DISCOUNT: IPRICE $2700. LOT 43
«3) I v/l/U ft. front, on principal st.; near business
center; house 10 rooms In 2 Mats; well located and
rented; lot alone worth the price asked: call early.
4 FINK COTTAOEHOME. 7 ROOMS', BATH.
-A. $2500; coat 93500: lot 75x120. neighborhood
Al; a blocks to Pos'.oftlce; local station and elec-
tric cars: 9500 cash, balance on mortgage; first
come, first served. •. . __
<S*/^nn -HOUSK, 8 ROOMS: BATH: SEW-
«ES -UUU. ly painted throughout: lot 60x120:
best location "in Oakland: near cars; lot alone
worth pries us.-ied; owned by the bank.
AS IDEAL COTTAGE—
■A- 4 rooms; lot IOOx ICO: flowers and' shrub-
bery; 2 blocks to c<rs and station: ftiOOcash;
this Is a splendid buy; seeing is believing, so
please call. ■ ■• ■ ■ - - • . ; •
T> ROADWAY BUSINESS BLOCK: CASH
-L> value $15 ,000; oiY-r wanted.
Ifj LOTS let Fl TCH BU ; A NO. 1; AT
X" one-half their value; price $1000; cost 1 year
ago over $2400. *
ALSO SEVERAL IMPROVED ANDt/XIM-
.£»- proved . properties, owned by the bank, at
large discounts from their cash value, send for
complete list before buying elsewhere.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Bioadway, Oakland.
Q97^fl WILL BUY A MODERN HOUSE OF
•T — • •-»" S rooms and bath; lot 50x1 '.'5; good
location; sickness the causeof forced sale. HUGH
M. CAMEKO.N, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
<Bj7X lots AND UPWARD— allkxdaiTe
DIW Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale.
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home: streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on; a tine school with 2 elect Ie foti'ls near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
Mnth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
• A WEEK'S NEWS! FOR 6 CENTS — TUB
*' * WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, lor mtiltatt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA " IiKAL ESTATE.
"~
"LOR SALE—
X House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. : house i
rooirs. Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms. -Everett St.:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Kan Francisco property. Apply
ASTON, ELCRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.,
. San Francisco, Ca\.
T^OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE.
X 1 a modern 2-story dwelling: 11 rooms, bath, etc.
grounds, 75x175: furnished if desired. For par-
ticulars apply on premises, 2241 Pacific aye.. near
Park st., Alameda. : A • very tine new- bteinway
piano also for sale. ' ■ . .-
AI. A DA HOUSES TO LET.
tVorhext-cottag c a rooms7al£3io^
J? eru Improvements; lawn, flowers. 1436 Ninth
st., hot. Mastlek and Kndnal station. Alameda. ■ '
l.Li>ni.i.ti t. »-. » I. *j»XJLx"jS«
QAVE RE:;T— ONLY $l 500: MODERN.
0 4-room cottage: 1 block from station: pay-
ments same as rent: 4U-fuot lot. M. L. WUR'l'.s,
opposite Dwlgbt way station.
/ i OOU HUM KM i'OU HKNT OR FOR HA UK
\JT on easy term*. -O. G. MAY <fc CO., real estac*
and buildinc. 212S Center st.. Berkeley. ■
Os>EPii J. MA»J.\, ±Jt..rr. KISIAIK AND
O iriKiirari-v ngent, ) erkelev aißtti. adjoinin; bank.
BERKELEY BOOMS AND BOAKDIXG.
"DEFINED COUPLE CAN ;FI\D BOABD IX
XV elegant private resilience in East Berkeley;
beautiful grounds; stable. Address C, Peralta P.
(.>.. Berkeley. ■ ■
MONTKREY REAL, I'>TATK:
xXATrHTrrET7TE^iiKr?rEr^)N
i&ZtOKJKJ. a lake: 2-story house, barn, chicken-
house: 12 lots, all in fruit and 5 kinds of berries;
vegetables grow thriftily all y«>ar round; must be
sold lmmeolatelr. F. C. OALDWELL. owner,
325 Ninth si.. Oakland.
' PKOFEKTX DO EXCHASUIS.
*<&?)£ fVfT MODERN CofTAGprTT^RO^OMS;
«3P^iD"v/. in Oakland;, clear: for small im-
proved farm close to bania Rosa or San Jose.
MUGHM CAMEKOX, 479 Ninth st , Oakland.
ffi«»>r <w\ 11 ACRES; ALL ■IN FRUIT;
iJOuUU. haif o:tl; half young;- cottage 7
rooms; large bnrii; windmill: tank; no mortgage;
Bear Vacavllle: trade for city property. HUGH
M. CAMKROX, 479 Ninth St.. Oakland.
1 t\f\l\ PLACES FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
X\J\J San Francisco —
: : Oakland, Alameda '
Berkeley and other city and town property
-: Ranches/ hotels, rooming-houses
—And business places all prices— — — ■
— — -H. C, DECKER, 1020 Market — — —
(~i KOCERY-STORE AND BARROOM WITH
Vj fixtures and buildings: doing a good business :
centrally located; will exchante for 80 or 160 acres
of land In Alameda or adjoining counties. For full
particulars apply to E. W. WOODWARD, 468
Tenth st, Oakland. ' ' :
IOJ|4 ACHES ii.MBER LAND, KERN* Co..
i woipr: Hnpforcattle-mistng. N..bx.l6.CaU
"~" ~ '■ ■ auiUICAL. ~~ ~~
A LL" CA9E3 OF iRREGULARITIES RE-
- A stored In a few hours: safe and sure relist
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular - graduate
physician; SO years' successful practice; MKDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY . used; ; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: ' you win save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MP.B. PH. WYKTH. 916 Post st.. near Larkln.
ABLES.BING .TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities . and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. <& MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank:
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9a.m.t05 p. m. and 7to 9 P M. •
; NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, IXSTRU-
nient or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician: for ail female troubles, no matter
from - what ; cause; restores t always In one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
if yon want to be treated safe am. sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
A LPKAL'.S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TU
J\- ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger
safe and sure; $2 60 express c. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland, Cal.
T?OR MEN-GREEN'S GUARANTEED CURE:
X 1 greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness: cure guaranteed or money re
turned: trial free. : Agent, KELLY. 102 Eddy st.
ALL SKIN DISEASES PERMANENTLY
cured or no pay. J. CASTAUNINI, 4*5 Fll
bert st., 9 to 11 or 7 to 9 p. *.. or send postal.
SURE CURE FOR ALL. Fl-.MALK DISEASES
from ! whatever can -e: * a home in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR.GWYER, 2>'6 lurk st. - .'.
R6J. GOODWIN, IiIsEASES WOMEN SPE
. cialty : unexcelled |in restoring irregularity, oi
other conditions: home in confinement: best care:
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 91)4 McAllister at
bs. drTw eg e n k TAKES ■ LADIES - BE-
fore and dnrlng confinement: infants adopted
■ Into good homes; -. treats all female complaints oc
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. .
CTjcnA FOR EVER y; FAILURE TO CUR.-.
tJpOUU eye diseases successfully treated. La
ales, consult -free MRS. DR. SCOTT, Specialist
216 Powell st. : -
■ I \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. XEAB
X/ Jones.' Diseases of women and children.
,\l R-. J. A. AtHARU, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
li'l confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
VI KS. M. E. RODGERS. PRIVATE HOME IN
ITI confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard at.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE D I -EASI:
Isee MRS.DR. PUETZ and be content. '-641,2 4th.
PRIVATE HOME IN COX £ M T. MRS.
1 DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth at.. Alam>-rta.
»  PIt,»FESs»IO>AX. CAKOS.
TJTRANKSHaY, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.-ROOM
X 421. fourth floor. Parrott building (Emporium).
\\T ILLS. DEEDS, ETC. L. SONTaG, ATT*Y
V* : and Notary, 116 Market; - res., 2126 Howard.
■„ TOHX E. KICH ARDS, LAW OFFICES. < ROOMS
O J6 and • 27, Crocker • building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal. - .-. .-,.■ . .
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ABHER.
0 attys M law, rms 310, 3 .ti, 6ta floor, I'arrott bids.
EDUCATIONAL. , . . .
Lore THys~^A^D ÜBviMA: dFZsa'ktk
thoroughly . taught; 'appearances' arranged;
hour-i. 1 10 8 F. it.; OLIVE HuFF-sCHEOIiDEB,
299 Hyde st.
\1 U-ICIAN I'ROJI LONDON WIVES LESSONS
i»l In Hinging: *4 a month.- 854 Mission st.
QTIEHL'S COLLEGE, 72a M_itK_r 61',,
O offers unsurpassed . advantages . ana Induce-
ment* in shorthand, .bookkeeping, pmraanshlp,
ypewriting. English. branches, languages, e;c:
lenses less than at any ' other . college. LhOX
and LUL A STIEHL, proprietors. »
* YRKS'. THiS LKAIMN- SHORTHAND COL- "
. lege. 325 .Montgomery st.; individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
ELASCO'S LYCKCM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
«> Private theatricals arranged ; pupils rehearsed
on stage. K. 5 and 12, 1. O. >.). F. block, 7th and Mitt
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 rhanlcal engineering, surveying, archltectnre-
-<ssay : e^ian. '64. VAN M A ILi.EN, Mkt,
■\r,,H.r. CI'Li'UUK, KLOCUTION AND DEL-
V sarte tausht thoroughly; 25c a lesson. 749
Folsona st. -.. ■• ______^_________^__
T^XGLISH. FRENCH. GERMAN*. PIANO,
■Hi painting, pa: mis try, $2 mo. Studio 1422 Hyde.
PIANO LESSONS: PUPIL OF TUB LEIPSIU
X Conservatory; mi.d.terms.J.LANGE,llo Hyde.
TVTEGATIVE kkiolthi.n« MISS
IN L. FUERSTNO W. 131 Post St.. fifth floor.
1 N. SACKET,< TEACHER OF BANJO. 129
i J. Third st.. San Fr :ncisco. '
PIANO LKSSONM, 60C HOUR. MR. WATTS,
X 218 Golden Gate aye. __ .
TTRBTN SCHOOL A r_l_4 CALIFORNIA ST.|
U opens July 27. 1896. N. W. MOORE, Prln.
A LMA K. HYKB. PIANO, MANDO-IN. BAN-
■A jo studio. 405 Geary, B. 17 : hours Btolop. m.
"OOOKKPNtf, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. OKA M B
At day A ni'.'lu: nocl»sses: 96 month. 846 Mission
d i UITAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AMU VOCA Ci
\J lessons: ?3mo. MARY WESTHaUS. S9 Fifth.
PROKKSSORG. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar. 1 mandolin, aacio. -; 1707 Market. .
A WKKiCS NEWS FOB I CENTS — TH_
-A. WE— KLY CALL, Id wrapper. for mailing.
TY_MS\VIUT_KS. „.
"inE>aSGTONr*3_r SMITH. «80; .NKND FOX .
It sample work. SCOTT & HA NX AN.333MnUmy
L'AT-Sl -ill-'.M.iCr INT— L.LIO— aMUI-^
Domestic I'nrti.
REDONDO — Arrived July 28— stmr Protection,
from Port Los Angeles. ° •
TATOOSH— P_s el July 27— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence July _4 lor Tacomu. . ......
COOS BAY— bailed July 28— Stair Arago, lor
San Francisco. . .
PORT ANGELES— Arrived July 88— S stmr
Moriadnock. hence July"23. •
PORT BLAKKLEY— Arrived July 28— Schr
Fred X Sander, from Port Townsend.
TU- JJIVOKCJB K-COUD.
ComDlslnt filed: •
John de la Monica against Nora Lewis del-
Monica.'.
Divorce granted : ■ .
Tnoaias P. Gorham from Eva L. Gorbam, for
willful desertion; by Judge Hebbard. ■ ' •.
Biiinl^3lAltltlA()!^--I)EATiI.r
fßirtb. marrlaee and death notices sent by mall
will not be in erted. They mus • De handed In a*
either of the publication' offices and be indorsed
w!th*the name and residence of persons authorize I
to have the same published, ..
BOKX.
BARKER— To the wife of Dr. W. F. Barker, a son.
BKRKKNKOPH — In this city. Julr 24, 1898, to
the wife of J. H. Berkenkoph, a son.
CHRISTE.NSEN— In this c ty, July 26, 1896. to
the wife of Max P. Christensen, a son.
GLASS— JuIy 24, 1H96. to the wife of Mi: ton Glasi
(nee Kallmaun). a son. •
Him KAY-l n this city, July 26. 1896, to the wlfa
■ of Will am M. Murray, a son. . _-^* •
M.AKUiJ-t>. ■> '.'
BYER— SLf!sSINGER— In this ci^y. July 26«
IS9B, by the Rev. Dr. Julius Fryer of the Bu ih
street Temple., Dr. Joseph Byet and Gu.ssi
. S!esslnger. both of san Francisco. -.'. ;..';. ■
_-___-____ f
JJIJED.
Carey. Ellen Lucke, Theodore H.
Corn well, George X. Minehan. Lizzie
Hennig, Wllhelmine Norton, Jame« F.
Hadllch, Mr*. F. Osborn, Eleanor C.
Hinckley, Howard A. Paicheu. Augusta E.
Horton, Emma Tewhlll. Thomas H. •
Kent, Thomas .Volkman, Louise
Walker, Johanna •
CAREY— In Alameda, July 28, li?9's. Ellen, wife
of the late Michael Carey, and mother of William
C. and Carey, a native of L merick, Ire-
land, aged 42 years 6 months and 24 ilay9. " '
*yFrienas and acquaintances" are resnec'.-
fnlly invited to atten«l the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her lat»
residence, corner of Van Buren and Mound
streets, Alatneda. Interment private, ! Mount
Calvary Ometerr. San FraDCisco.^ . . •
CORN WELL— -In Napa, July 28, 1896. Geortre X.
Corn well, a na:lve of New York State, aited 71
yearn 4 months and 5 days. Deceased came to
California with Colonel Stevenson's regiment as
a member of the command under Captain John .
B. Frlsb c.
_S"Funeral THURSDAY, at 10 o'clock a. M.
HENNIG— In this city, July 27. 1898. Wilhel,
mine, beloved wife of the late Gottlieb Benntg,
and mother of Gnstav, Ottilie, Augusta, Julia
and Otto ilennic, and sister of John and William
Isert. a native or Germany, aged 51 years 8
months and _4 days.
aari'ne.-ids and : acquaintances are reio«B*.-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY •
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. from her late
residence. 8 Vandewater street, between Powell
' and Mason. Francisco and Bay streets, thence to
Red Men's Hall, 610 Bush street, where the
funeral services will be held under the auspices
or Metamora Stamm No. 4. Daughters of Poc*-
•" hontas, U. O. R. M., at 2 o'clock p. M. Interment-
J. O. O. F. Cemetery.  . . .. . . •
HADLICH— In Oakland, July 27, 1896, Mrs.-
-- Fredericks Jladlich, a native of Gerntany, aged
• 72 years.
HINCKLEY— In this city, July 27, 1896. Howard
' A., infant son of Mark F. and Merilla Hlnckley,
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 mouths and 23
days. ■ * . .
" O~Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY.
(Wednesday), at - o'clock P. m.. from the
family residence, 3666 Twenty-second street,
near Chattanooga, Interment Masonic Ceme-
... tery. ■ ••, --'..■■:-■ •
HORTON— In this city. July '-'7, ■ 1898, Emm»
Horton, a native of N«-w Organs, La. ' . .; .
KENT— In this city, July 27. 1896, Thomas Kent b
a native or Maine, k«ed 82 years • • . ~
LUCKE— In this city, July 27. 1896. Theodore
Henry Lucke, r. beloved brother of B. H. Lucke '
and Mrs. H. A. Malson, a native of . San ran-
cisco, aged 31 years and 6 months. °
• a3-The funeral wnl taice mace »THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from the
residence of his sister. Mrs. H. A. Malson. 628
Green street, thence to the Church of Notre
Dame, Hush street, for services, commencing at
2 . o'clock p. v. Interment > private. Mount Cal • ,
vary Cemetery. Please omit flowers. „
MINEHAN— In this city, July 27, 1898. Lizzie,
• beloved daughter of Thomas and.Mary Minehan,
' and sister of Timothy; Joseph. Frances, Thomas,
Ma;gle and John Mtnehan, a native of San Fran-
cisco. aged 3 years and 9 months. - _MB
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to < attend the funeral THlrt DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. _.. from the rest-,
dence of the parents, 106 West Park street,
Holly Park. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
NORTON— this city, July 28. 1896. James F.
" beloved son of Patrick and Bridget Norton, and
brother of Michael. Mary and Katie Norton,
a native of .--an Francisco, aged 27 ; years 10
months and 17 days. - •■ ■■.»-■■ ■
43rFriends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. ■ 9 Hartford street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth; Castro : and' Noe, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, • where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, •
commencing at - 9 o'clock a. __ Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
OSBORN-In this city, July 28. 1893. Eleanor C
; wife of R. F. O3born.- and mother of Mrs. George
Debenham, Fred A. Osborn, Mrs. Charles Stelper
and Mrs. George Bowne, a native of New York
City, N. V., a?e<l 63 year* an 1 10 months. [New
.York and Brooklyn papers please copy ] '-
aSTThe funeral services will take place
TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 'i o'clock p. _ at
the family residence, 825 Valencia street. In-
terment private. .a»i^y-y.y_^{Q-BM)_t— «^g|
PATCH ETT— In this city, July 27. 1896, August*
Emma, wife of Charles H. Pachett.
. ■ *S~ Friends are invited to • attend the
funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday), at
• 12 o'clocK X.. at the residence of Mr. Paichetl'a
mother, Mrs. ■W. H. Nash, 412V_ Post street.
Interment private. .'"■.'- :
TEWHILL— In tnlsclty. July. 26. 1896, Thomat
H., beloved husband of Katie ■■ Tewnlll. father of
Thomas H. Tt-wblll .ir., son of Jonn and Mary
■ TewhUl, and brother of John J. Gaham, a native
of Springfield. Mass.. aged 24 years 4 months and
6 days. .--''."- ' ■ -V.- ..■' ' ■".:■■■:
jar Friends and acquaintance ar» r«n»^-
fully invited to attend- the funeral THIS DAT
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clocK a.m., from his late
residence. 1526 Turk street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.... • r J. . ' . ".-..• . ..
I^OLKMAN— Entered Into rest. July 27, 1896,
Louise, dearly beloved wife of Charles M. Volk-
man, a native of . Kirchheim, Rheinpfalz, Ba-
varia, aired 51 years. • • ■ • .
-__r Friends are respectfully invited toattenl
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock p. m., at her late residence, _-0_
Jones street. -Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
H tery, by 3:30 o'clock p. _. train from . Third and
H Townsend streets. Please omit Hewers. .."aggaHj
■ WALKER— In this city, July 26. i 8 '6, Johanna
H Walker, ■• a native of ■ South Carolina, - aged 50
■ -years. . :■ ' ■-. -: '..-:■ - I' .-.--■■■■■.
1 McAVOY A GALLAGHER, I 7
I FUNERAL DIBECTORS 4 EMBAI.MKRs,
H 20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
H Telephone 3080.
I MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
I CAN MATEO : COUNTY; - NEAREST CEME-
■ O tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
■ elusive: location unexcelled. Office 997 Maricol
■ street, tjoutiieast corner ot Sixth. '
1516
GRAVES OF OLD
SAUSALITANS.
Remains of a Lost Tribe
Found in the Marin
Hill Town.
EARLY DIETARY PERIODS
A Clam Era Marked in the Strata
• °of an Indian Grave
Mound.
WHEN THE BEERY CROP FAILED
And the New Man of Sausalito Feeds
• . the Shell and Bcne Fragments
V to His Hens.
There is in Sausalito an old Indian burial
mouad, and every once in a while that
grass-grown tumulus gives up some of its
forgotten dead. It is not pleasant even in
, View of an Old Indian Burial Mound in Sausalito, Recently Opened by a Street Contractor, in
, ° % Which a Large Number of Skeletons Have Been Found.
Co : . [Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
Sausalito, where peace and pleasure I
perches swallow-like* on the hillside, to
• have a rude and savage past sliding down
from its sepulchral heap into the busy
thoroughfares of the living .present.
Ttje place where the former Sausalitans
°laid themselves away to sleep is in the
northern part of the town. A street has
"been cut through the eastern side of the
mound, and many skeletons have been un
earthed. Little except the skulls have
been found in a state of preservation, the
rest of tnese rude residenters having
passed bapk to the dust of their common
grave.
In the perpendicular bank made by the
pick and shovel ot the workmen was dis
covered the-" place where a body had
crumbled . and disappeared. Like tbe
baker^of Pompeii lying in volcanic .ashes,
tlfis aborigine had left his mold when he
had resolyed back to earth again.
In this bank may be seen the succeeding
strata of shells marking the food periods
in the life of the old rancheria. It is the
geological commissary history of the
tribe. The Indians evidently had lived on
tlie big mound, and tbe shells and animal
bones of .their long-ago feasts had been
dropped underfoot. They buried their
dead .there too, underfoot, and. as tbe
refuse accumulations of generations lifted
the living the departed went Tower.. The
deposits of the centuries widened the
space between the quick and the dead.
In the old earthy records can be seen a
strata of clam shells, demonstrating that
this peculiar bivalve flourished plentifully
on the bayshore nard by. The projecting of
an ordinary imagination backward through
, the years wilJLbrin^ to view the early man
of Sausalito with a.niut spad£ gruobing in
. the prehistoric mud for the rn/redient of
o his chowder- pot
Then came a period when another bill
; of fare prevailed after the clambake day
SEW TO-DAY.
— -"""I* — B—— ■
r."""- Full . (]
% uiiigcr m>
«^d^ Jamaica Ginger
$8/ ■ is made of pure gin- y^r
<&[/ ger. No adulterants \j«^
n — no brandy. Nothing Vi
.11 but ginger in solution An Vi
/ infallible corrective for stom-
a ch troubles and similar com-
plaints. A natural stimulant \
* ' for the • system and nerves.
Be sure and get the genuine
■-■ Vy —^iVic^cy— If
"\^ FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia. II
haa darkened. A mussel strata shows
itself, and the soft shells are thick in tbe
era marKed by tbe abundance of that food.
It was the proverbial feast before the
famine that evidently came in the next gen
eration, for the succeeding deposit shows
earth without any evidences of the tribal
menu. Possibly the vegetable and fruit
fad struck the Indians, and the perishable
nature of their kitchen refuse precluded
the leaving of a dietary record. Or more
likely the root and berry crop among the
hills failed also, as a number of skeletons
found in this strata would lead the
archaologist to believe that the famine
was then indeed among the mound people.
The following era was better for the
tribe, for the clams came back. They were
large, firm, fat fellows, with scalloped
shells, so hard that they never crumbled
under the succeeding periods that pressed
down on them. There are only a few
skeletons in this strata, and tbe scientist
reading the unerring pages of the time
may conclude that the deceased died from
overeating.
Then came a geological era when the
fragments of animal b^nes appear —
when the mammalia of the Coast
Range came down to the mound and
graced the festive board. In the
next period neither shell*, bones nor
human remains appear. Probably plenty
smiled among the berry bushes on the
rugged sides of Tamalpais or the esculent
grasshopper swarmed bounteously in the
wild oats during those summers of the
dim long ago. A large number of stone
mortars and pestles found here is evi
dence that the acorn output was manna
in the wilderness to the tribe.
However, the ancient people ot Sausa
lito passed down into their mounds and
the grass of to-day grows rankly over their
dead periods. A crove of buckeye and
pepperwood trees send their roots down
among the bones, which the street con
tractor disturbs with his pick and shovel.
Yesterday a newspaper man, standing
in sad contemplation over the tumulus of
a lost race, saw a modern Sausalitan trun
dle a wheelbarrow up to the bank and be
gin to shovel the shells and bones into the
affair.
"It makes good chicken feed," he ex
plained. "The stuff makes the hens lay
better."
To what base uses we may all return.
POINT LOBOS CLUB BUSY
An Improved Condition of the
Richmond District Re
ported.
Several Committees Appointed to
Urge Upon the Authorities
Their Co-operation.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club, by
its continuous agitation of the necessities
of that district, has accomplished much
in the shape of beautifying the homes of
the residents and making good streets out
of what, nad been a waste of sand dunes.
This club, at its meeting last night, sug
gested additional improvements, par
ticularly that of insisting that those who
have built and who are about to build
shall make proper connections from the
d -.veilings into the street sewers.
In the absence of the president, George
R. Fletcher, Vice-President Luke Battles
occupied the chair. William P. Johnson,
the efficient secretary, reported the club
in active and healthy condition, with a
membershipof fifty contributing property
owners.
The special committee which visited
James Winslow, who had received serious
injuries by falling down a ship's bold, re
ported his condition as improving.
It was reported that the protest of the
property-owners against the paving of
Second avenue, from Lake street to Point
Lobos avenue, had prevailed with the Su
pervisors, and as a consequence the work
will be delayed for six months.
A committee was appointed to wait on
•the school directors and request that body
to establish an eighth grade in the Rich
mond Scnool.
A similar committee was appointed to
wait on the Market-street Railway Com
pany and request that corporation to re
pair itc track on Seventh avenue.
J. S. Green suggested that a committee
be appointed to wait on the property-own
ers in the district for the purpose of urg
ing them to contribute sufficient to have
the sand cleaned off the sidewalks and the
hoies in the streets filled with macadam ;
also that the contractors living in Rich
mond be invited to be present at the next
i meeting of the club and state for what
I amount they would be willing to perform
I the work.
It was suggested that some member of
the club who was acquainted with Mayor
Sutro wait on him and remind him of his
promise to paint his trolley poles along
the line of his railroa 1.
• — ♦ — •
Letter-Carriers Watched.
The local letter-carriers believe there Is
another "spotter" in their midst In conse
quence of this there Is unusual alertness
amone the men who collect and deliver papers
and letters. It is said that the disguise as
sumed by the present detective is that of a
book agent He goes from house to house, but
alwHjrs just in the wake of a carrier. The men
are very discreet In *peakin X of the mysterious
individual but, just the same, the word has
been passed around the circle that they are
being watched. This same book agent ap
peared in Fresno a few days ago, and in conse
quence complaints are now on file in Washing
ton against every man in the service, with one
exception.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1896.
TAYLOR AFTER
HIS COLLEAGUES,
The Grand Jury Will Be
Informed of the
Matter.
PAID FOR PROTECTION.
The Chairman of the Finance
Committee Makes a Reve
lation.
BIG DEVELOPMENTS EXPECTED.
■
Hirsch and Wagner Flee From tbe
Wrath of an Insulted City
Father.
The biggest sensation that bas yet been
sprung in connection wita corruption in
the Board of Supervisors came to light
yesterday.
The representative of a big local cor
poration, who claims to have paid money
to the agent of the majority in the board
for the prevention of the passage of a
certain resolution, is, according to Super
visor Taylor, thinking seriously of taking
the matter before the Grand Jury.
He held a consultation with Colonel
Tavlor, the chairman of the Finance Com
mittee and leader of the minority, yester
day, and laid the facts before him. Colonel
Taylor advised him lo await developments
in the present efforts of the Grand Jury to
unearth the rottenness that is alleged to
exist in the ranks of the majority, and at
the proper time come forward and tell his
story.
"This last act of this coterie of corrupt
men is the proverbial last straw that
breaks the camel's back," said Colonel
Taylor yesterday while discussing tha ac
tion of the majority. "They have been
running things with a high hand so long
they imagine they are safe in doing any
thing, but the people have turned on
them and the end of the tidal wave that
has risen is hard to prodict. A business
man in this town, a leader in a big corpor
ation, told me to-day that he had paid
money to this crowd in the board to pre
vent it from ruining his business and
asked me what to do about it — whether to
go to the Grand Jury.
"I told him that there was only one
thing to do, and that was to tell the truth,
and the whole truth, when the time came.
This action of the board is infamous, ana
a public insult that shall not go unpun
ished.
"I have rested quietly under the strain
of this thing long enough. Why, 1 never
heard of such a thing. These men think
they can control this City as though it was
their own, but I think they will find to
their cost that the people have been
roused at last. The era when men could
be robb6d and cheated with impunity has
passed, and I think we are approaching an
era when better men will be elected to
office and the affairs of the municipality
will be better managed.
"Since the board passed the resolution
offered by Wagner three of the Supervis
ors have been to me to half apologize for
the insult put upon the committee of
which lam the chairman. I want none of
their apologies, for I know the men.
"When they began to talk to me I told
them that I knew they were corrupt and
that I could prove it, and that if they
wanted to go with me I would take them
to a man who had paid them money, and
that I would show them to their faces that
they had been bribed and how much they
sold out for. Of course they did not have
time to go just then, nor will they ever
have time of their own accord."
If Supervisor Taylor concludes to attend
the session of the board this morning
when it meets as a committee of the
whole those Supervisors who voted to
take the arranging of the municipal ap
propriations out of the hands of the
Finance Committee will probably listen to
an arraignment of themselves such as they
never heard before.
From an incident that occurred Monday
afternoon last after the meeting of the
board it may be imagined that the session
will be a stormy one.
Colonel Taylor entered a downtown
resort to partake of some liquid refresh
ment, when Supervisors Hirsch and Wag
ner entered. The Supervisor from the
Eighth was not present when the resolu
tion of the man from the Twelfth was
passed, and Hirsch went over to the
colonel and imparted the information of
the majority's action as a matter of news.
He had scarcely finished when the Su
pervisor grasped the full import of the
communication and saw the direct insult.
Hirsch Uirly recoiled before the look he
received and the burst of angry denuncia
tion that poured from the colonel's lips.
Those who voted for the resolution were
characterized by as strong epithets as
came into the colonel's mind.
He was gradually worthing himself up to
a pitch of anger where active hostilities
would begin when Hirsch concluded that
discretion was the better part of valor
and made a hasty exit through the front.
Wagner listened with a sickly smile
until the crowd began to thicken about
them, and then he, too, silently stole
away.
LISTS ALL COMPLETED.
The Election Commissioners Have
Finished the Bulk of Their
Work Before Election.
The Board of Election Commissioners
finished tne task of examining the lists of
election officers presented to it yesterday
and made the appointments for theThirty
seventh District as follows:
Precinct I— lnspector, Thomas H. Barry;
lodges, Michael Heflernan and Albert J. Scbo
hay.
Precinct 2— lnspector, Josejti H. Rourke;
judges, Jere Riordan and William T. Haberly.
Precinct 3— Inspector, John Donohue; judges,
Thomas Roach and John Curtis.
Precinct 4— lnspector. Thomas Berman;
judges, O. H. Davis and Theodore Mayer.
Precinct s— lnspector, Henry McEnroe;
judges, T. M. Osmont and Paul W. Fowler.
Precinctti— lnspector, Edward Peady ; judges,
W. P. Sullivan and James TooinCy. x
Precinct 7— lnspector, F.J. McAuliffe; judges,
John Nagle and Henry J. Hughes.
Precinct B— lnspector, J. F. Carberry ; judges,
Thomas A. King and Abraham Morris.
Precinct 9— lnspeotor. J. B. Murphy; judges,
T. J. Sullivan and J. F. Wenheimer.
Precinct 10— Inspector, F. C. Mack; judges,
Harry Ferbeck and W. N. Iburg.
Precinct 11— Inspector, John Bovey; judge,
J. W. McCarthy.
Precinct 12— Inspector, J. F.Tracy; judges,
Harry Monahan and Frank P. Davis.
Precinct 13— Inspector, Charles McAuliffe;
judges, Frank H. Maloney and William T.
Fitzgerald.
Precinct 14— Inspector, Thomas Cleary;
judges, William Holladay and Neal C. Toft
Precinct 15— Inspector, S. Zemansky; judges,
M. Kiley and George C. Pixon.
Precinct 16— Inspector, V. C. Tobin; judges,
Edward Daly and J. T. Brennan.
Precinct 17— Inspector, Frank Skelly; judge,
6. M. Hammond.
Precinct 18— Inspector, C. H. Bryan; judges,
John Walsh and Louis M. Kramer.
Precinct 19— Inspector, Isaac Spiro; judges,
Thomas Schumacher and E. L. Cook.
Precinct 20— Inspector, Charles P. Troy;
judges, P. J. Hißgins and C. O. Burton.
Precinct 21— Inspector, C. W. Quigley;
judges, Thomas j. White and Alfred G. Dawes.
The following were dismissed from their
positions because of non-residence in the
districts from which they were appointed:
Martin B. Ward, Fourteenth of the Fortieth;
Paul Dubols, First of the Forty-fourth; Henry
Gerlacb, Sixteenth of the Forty-first; Paul An-'
Kellottl, F rst of the Forty-fourth; J. Marani,
First of the Forty-fourth ; A. Adams, Fifth of
the Forty-fourth; A. J. Garibaldi, Fourteenth
of the Forty-fourth; L. J. Hurley. Sixth of the
Thirtieth; Thomas F. Mulhn.Thirteentn of the
Forty-fourth, and Richard J. Rice, Eighteenth
of the Forty-fourth.
From now until the time the lists are all
cleared up the Commissioners will occupy
their time listening to protests aeainst
those of the men already appointed who
are charg d with irregularities.
BEATEN BY CONVICTS.
They Revenge Themselves Upon Otto
Brown for Testifying Against Them.
Otto Brown, proprietor of the Ran Fran
cisco Pattern Works, 110 Beale street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday charging "John
Doe" and "Richard Roe" with battery.
He showed a pair of black eyes as evi
dence of the offense.
About two years ago Brown's place was
entered by burglars and two men were
arrested, convicted of the burglary and
sent to the State's prison for two years.
Brown was the complaining witness
against them, and the men vowed to get
even with him.
They bad regained their freedom, and
Monday night they met Brown on Beale
and Mission streets. They at once pro
ceeded to administer a terrific beating
to Brown, and left him in a helpless
condition. He did not recollect their
names, but the police will endeavor to
find them from the records.
To the Asylum.
Edward Weir, the tea-peddler, who bas been
annoying various young ladies with his atten
tions, was yesterday returned to the Ukiah
Acylum.
George W. Brandon was sent to Napa. Hs is
very violent, and had to be forwarded in a
strait-jacket.
Attorney Friedlander and His Bride Is aping by a Window In Justice of tbe
Peace Groezinger's Courtroom Immediately After the Ceremony The
Justice Is Assisting the Lady.
MARRIED AND
RAN FROM MAMMA
Hasty Wedding of A. A.
Friedlander and Norah
Stratton.
ESCAPED BY A WINDOW
An Angry Mother Clamored Out
side During the Cere
mony.
A SENSATION AT THE HALL.
How a Young Attorney Won a Bride
and Escaped the Conse
quences.
With an angry mother hammering and
clamoring frantically at the door and an
open window behind them as a means of
escape Albert A. Friediander, a young
Police Court attorney, and Norah Stratton,
a pretty young girl, were married yes
terday by Justice of the Peace Groezinger
under circumstances exciting enough to
satisfy the most fastidious lover of adven
ture.
M iss Stratton's mother objected to her
marrying Friedlander on the ground
among other things of his inability to
support her daughter, but the young
people were not to be denied, and as both
were of age, be being 30 and she 22, a
license was procured and arrangements'
made for the ceremony to take place yes*
terday.
Somehow Mrs. Stratton learned of her
daugh ci's intention and determined to
frustrate the marriage if possible. To
this end she went early to the hall yester
day afternoon and haunted the corridors
in the vicinity of the justices' courts.
Friediander asked Judge Conian to
perform the ceremony, but thai astute
jurist learned of Mrs. Stratton's presence,
and was also told that she meant mischief,
so, scenting trouble, he refused to have
anything to do with the matter. Then
Friedlander w«nt to Justice Groezinger
and negotiated for a ceremony in his
chambers. He did not show up at the
appointed time, but a messenger - boy
brought the following note written on a
telegram blank:
Friend Oroezinger: Hold the fort (I mean the
court), lam coming. Will be there as soon as
possible. A. A. Fr.IED'.ANDER.
Meanwhile Mrs. Stratton was stamping
up and down the corridor, glaring out of
the windows and showing in v general
way that she was not in a yery peaceable
frame of mind.
By this time a score or more of public
officials, clerks and others, had scented a
scene and were standing about the cor
ridors and in the Justice's chambers,
awaiting the climax that seemed inevit
able.
By some strange chance Friedlander
appeared with his fiancee and a lady friend
just when the old lady was off guard for a
moment, and were in the chambers and
standing before the Justice before she dis
covered that she had been caught nap
ping.
The word had reached Jus'ice Groez
inger that trouble was on the tapis ana he
instructed Bailiff Barney Gonlon to guard
the dour and see that no disorder dis
turbed the ceremony.
Just as the momentous questions were
being asked an angry voice sounded from
outside.
"Open the door. I want my daughter."
The demand was accompanied by a tre
mendous thumping on the door that
threatened to break the glass.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. ->-^--,
SPECIAL!
FURTHER REDUCTION
I3>T PRICES !
Our customers and the public generally
are informed that during the present week
we will offer at GREATLY REDUCED.
PRICES the balance of our SPRING AND o °
SUMMER GOODS. Attention is specially
directed to the following lines of goods in s
the different departments :
40 pieces BLACK SERGE, 46 inches wide (Genuine English
Goods) ..50c a yard
Reduced from 75c.
37 pieces 24-IM II PRINTED IXDIA SILKS (good assortment)
50e a yard
Reduced from $1.00 and $1.25.
75 pieces HIGH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS (50 inches in width),
new colorings 50c a yard
Regular Price $1.00 a yard. ° °°
50 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, all sizes 35c each . ° .
Reduced from 6Oc.
200 pairs FINE NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in both White and
Ecru $1.25 a pair •
Wortr\ $2.00. . °s
1200 pieces GENUINE PRINCESS DUCKS and TAILOR-MADE
SUITINGS 8k a yard
Reduced from 12Jic. ° ° °\
TELEPHONE QRANT 134..
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
"Look out! she may have a gun," said I
one of the spectators just as a tremendous i
blow reverberated through the chambers {*
and everybody, including the Justice,
dodged and looked scared.
There was a quaver in the voices of all j
three of the active participants in the j
marriage a? the blows redoubled on the
door, and Mrs. Stratton yelled:
"Open the door, or I'll break it in."
Finally, however, the ordeal was over,
and tbe* business of getting away was 1
faced. The open window furnished the
solution, and hand in hand, preceded
by Clerk Morgenstern of Police Court
2, who was present, the young couple
mounted the sill, tbe bride being gallantly
assisted by the Justice. With one friptit- .
ened bckward dance to see whether Mrs.
Stratton had forced an entrance, they
stepped on to the gallery that encircies
the inner court of the hall, ami piloted by
Clflrk Tim Sullivan started on their journey
to a place of safety.
"Don't leave me, boys," implored
Friedlander when bis escorts gave signs
of returning, and out of respect to his
wishes they remained by his side.
Mrs. Stratton was permitted to enter
the chambers after her daughter had de- j
parted, and seeing that the party had es
caped gave utterance to a scathing criti- I
cism on "California marriage laws" and j
started on a hunt for her daughter and
son-in-law.
They dodged her, however, and the last
seen of Mrs. Stratton she was interview
ing a policeman. Mrs. Josephine Baldwin
and J. Baldwin signed the certificates as
witnesses.
The young couple are now staying with
a sister of the groom.
BETTER SCHOOLHOUSES.
Their Annual Overhauling and Repair*
ing Under the Direction of In
spector of Buildings Klncaid.
The public schools will reopen next
Monday, and it is safe to say that the nu
merous schoolhouses will be in a greatly
improved sanitary condition. Inspector
of Buildings Kincaid has kept an extra
force of men busy during the vacation
making repairs so far as the finances
would permit.
All of the primary, grammer and high
schools have been generally overhauled
and renovated. The stoves and pipes have
been fixed so that the pupils and teachers
will not suffer from cold this coming fall
and winter. Tne whitening of fifty nine
schoolhouses is well under way prepara
tory to painting as many of them as may
be possible with the appropriation, yet to
be announced, for the coming year.
At the Redding, the Stanford and the
Lafayette schools tbe dangerous old stair
cases have been replaced by new onos.
New offices and lunch-rooms have also
been put into tbe Redding and the La
fayette schools. A new classroom has
been added to the Monroe Primary and
in nearly all of the other schools the fur
uiture has been cleaned and polished,
windows and yards repaired, etc. Men
are now at work upon the ieaky roofs of
the school buildings and they will all be
waterproof before the rainy season sets in.
These repair , though, are merely a
drop in the Ducket, for it is the intention
of the authprities, if they can get the
money from the Supervisors, to expend
not less than $150,000 in urgently needed
building repairs this coming year.
Tailor Band Insolvent.
John a Hand has filed a petition in insol
vency. He owes $9,905 82. Leon Bine is the
principal creditor. $6545 35 being due him,
but that amount is secured fay a mortgage on
real estate owned by Hand's wife. To C. Scod
oleite, $1087 is due on a judgment obtained
in the Superior Court. Hand is a tailor, who
Uves at 533 California street.
■When Baby was sick, we gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
1 133 \^^^ in^ ina^ & '
I" 22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
U ■ Black Costumes more popu_
1 lar and the San Francisco
H BLACK GOODS HOUSE the
I depot for procuring: the latest
n styles and best makes. ° °
I Depot for Priestly's, :
I English Serges, 52 inch, 75c yard
I English Diagonal, 52 inch, 75c yard
I Priestly's Fancies, $1 to $2.50 yard •
j SPECIAL! •;■.":'
| 40 Suits Etamine Aouveante, rp*rn- ;
| lar.price $25 • $13.75 Suit ■
3 Samples forwarded. Goods sent 0.0 . D.
1 R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY..
-| Telephone Grant 518.
FURNITURE
CARPETS. .'
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-)
ing room, Bedroom aud> QHtr AA
Kftchen.............?;.....) $ i e).Ulf
Fine selected °Ash Bedroojn) Qi (* KA°
Suit, 6 pieces, Bevel mirror.f tplO.til/ «
Parlor ; Suit, upholstered ; in) Q's) i) X A
# silk brocatelle, ............. J tsZ£'O\J
Handsome Sideboard........ } §10.00
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases,) &4 A A .
highly polished ) V*' U V
, ■ And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) Kh P+«
Brussels and Ingrains,}- Vv via
sewed, laid and 1ined......) and up°ward
. * Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. • Goods
packed and shipped free to Oakland, » Aliimeda
and Berkeley. Inspection cordially invited and
credit extended to all. .
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224, 228, 230 and 306 and 308 '
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST. STREET.
Telephone, Main 1328. Open Evening*
j|iiiiys Belts for $30.
JFHsr^^?^*fs^bv^i» old-fashioned and poorly
• IH^Jr- j -!*>i it -^'-' ' 'rrimt made, can be had *by pay-
«^ i ro^pW^^'=fn?Ti:f^ l"« your money to elect rio
ASN^t-SWfeiRSV?' belt '-quacks" and travel-
3sK*£sw^ lng.'.'fakers." : For a first-
-: {■ 5KjTf : « -< ™ : class Article at a reasonable
' "<s££v '■'.'• price write or call for free
♦vi* copy of our new book. I>B.
PIERCE A SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearuy, '. ■
MoonU, laird «nd fourth noon, San Fr&nciacot