VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 55.
TOM WATSON IN
SECOND PLACE
The Populists .Nominate the
Georgia Statesman fop
Viee-Ppesident.
BJLNK.ER SEWJILL OF AHLNE IS
TURNED DOWJJ.
So Jhr. Bryan of .Nebraska Refuses to So On
the Ticket Without JHis Running
.Mate.
•Now It Remains fop the People's Party to Choose a
Candidate of Its Own Instead of Indorsing the
Candidate of the Silver Wing of
Democracy.
Populism could not stomach Sewall and spewed him out, even as the big; whale
cast out Jonah of old. As the head could not cut a dignified figure, even in a
Populist Convention, without the tail, Mr, Bryan declined to allow his name to
be used as the nominee. Thus, by a fortuitous and wholly unexpected turn of
affairs tbe "middle-of-the-road" men, poorly organized as they were and basely
deserted on the field of battle by their leaders, were enabled to achieve a vic
tory even in the rout and disorder of the first fusillade of the foe.
Thomas K. Watson of Georgia was the David who slew the Goliath of Main*.
Bryan has telegraphed that he would not allow his name to be used if Sewall
was not a nominee of the Populists. JOHN PAUL COSGRAVE.
DETERMINED AND DEFIANT.
Sunburned, Horny-Handed Texans
Lead the Battle Against Demo
cratic Control.
CONVENTION HALL, ST. LOUIS,
&io., July 24. — Representatives of brave
old Texas, sunburned, horny-handed, and
bearded, tbe rugged sunshine State where
honest poverty is not looked upon as a
crime, and where some of the noblest
types of American manhood can be found,
came into the convention hall this morn
ing 103 strong, determined and defiant
after tbe defeat of the day before. With
a breezy valor characteristic of the roman
tic Southwest the delegation expressed its
contempt of the Bryan-Democratic dele
gates, causing to be hung over the gallery
rail a life-sized crayon drawing of a man
split up to the neck with one foot on a
stool labeled "Populist platform" and the
other on a stool labeled "Democratic plat
form."
The middle-of-the-road banner was
planted in the center of the delegation
and the standard of the Lone Star State
was fastened to its staff. The 103 and
others looked upon the split Populist in
gallery with a grin, and his grin grew
more aggravating when they saw the fat
face and gold spectacles of Chairman Allen
beaming upon it, at first in wonderment
and then in horror. A considerate Demo
crat in the gailery,. fearing that the chair
man would collapse, took up the alle
gorical picture, but it was shortly after
ward taken possession of by a stalwart
Texan and placed alongside the standard.
There was only a quiet bit of humor with
a spice of malice in it.
The open defiance came later, and in the
most dramatic fashion, when Texas was
called upon to name her choice of a com
mitteeman to confer with a committee se
lected by the Silver convention. Milton
Parks, a finely built six-footer with a
manly, resonant voice, walked up the
aisle to within ten feet of the chairman's
desk and hurled his defiance into the
teeth of the Bryan Democrats.
"Texas is proud to say that she never
treats with an enemy in battle and we
therefore have no man to pot upon the
committee."
The Democratic-Populists howled and
groaned and hissed, and the bold cham
pion who had thus slapped the face of the
convention surveyed them with a curl of
contempt upon his lips. Three wild
cheen, followed by the characteristic
coyote yelp, rose from the delegation and
drowned the groans and hisses. Chair
man Allen's face flushed as though it had
been smitten with a rough hand and then
turned a corpse-like pallor. It was evi
dent that the insult had reached his heart.
The sturdy delegation made itself beard
again when Tom Patterson of Colorado
was begging the convention not to strike
Sewall off the ticket, but to swallow him
and Bryan both, for a Democratic head
must needs have a Democratic tail, other
wise there would oe a lack of that beauti
ful harmony which is so essential in prac
tical politics.
One of the Texans sarcastically asked
rhe chair whether, as Mr. Bryan's friend
from Colorado was given a hearing, an
equal opportunity would be afforded to
some friend of Major McKinley to speak
in favor of the indorsement of the major.
He thought that the Republicans should
have an equal chance with the Democrats.
Another opportunity was afforded the
Lone Star Btate to display some sarcasm
when a Democrat in the gallery loudly ap
plauded Mr. Patterson's eulogy of Bryan
and Sewall. A brown-eyed Texan stood
up and pointing his finger at the man in
the eallery, shouted: "Come down here,
you Democrat; you have as much right
to a seat on the floor as a delegate as that
man who is now talking Democracy on
the platform."
There was another whoop and another
yell and five minutes passed before the
chairman could restore order for the per- j
The San Francisco Call.
" THE CALL'S » HEADQUARTERS, j
HOTEL LINDKLL, i
ST. LOUIS, Ho., July 24. >
spiring Patterson, special pleader from
Colorado for the Democracy.
Manly men admire a manly foe, and so
amid the groans and hisses there arose
many a cheer from those who admired a
sturdy adherence to principle.
The Bryan men received a severe set
back when the report of the committee on
permanent organization ana order of busi
ness was before the convention. The
majority of the committee had recom
mended that nominations for President
should be made before those for Vice-
President, and in the discussion on this
matter North Carolina divulged a State
secret. The chairman of her delegation
insisted that unless Arthur Sewall of
Maine was dumped into the Atlantic and
the Vice-Presidency given to the South
he would cast the ninety- five votes of his
State against the majority report. He
demanded that the Bryan faction should
throw their Wedge itself to give the
South the Vice- Presidency. A moment
later, not having received a reply, be cast
the ninety-rive votes on the side of dis
trust amid a great outburst of cheering.
This carried the day against Sewall and
light began to shine on the darkness that
lay in tbe middle of the road.
This was the introduction of the wedge
that split up the combination so carefully
built into a magnificent edifice by the
Bryan wing of the convention. It threw
consternation as a bursting bomb into the
ranks of tbe Democrats, and killed and
wounded more hopes than anything else
that had occurred in the convention up to
that hour. It was evident that Populism
could not endure the president of a Na
tional bank on its ticket, and now the
most desperate fight of the day was to be
waged.
North Carolina's ninety-five votes had
become a potent factor in the balance of
power. The dominant faction could not
afford to drop Sewall, no matter how mai
odoroun he mien t be in the nostrils of the
People's party, because if he were dropped
the nomination of Bryan would be of no
avail, for in every State there would be
two sets of electors — one the Democratic,
for Bryan and Sewall, and the other the
Populist, for Bryan and Watson, or who
ever he might be.
This would cut the Bryan ticket in two,
and unless the Democrats and the Popu
lists carry each State by at least one ma
jority, or two-thirds of the total vote, Mc-
Kinley would be elected. This was an
appalling prospect for the Bryan men, and
they mad.c to-night the hardest fight of
tbeir lives. Even now, as I write these
lines at my desk in the convention hall,
Lafe Pence of New York is making an elo
quent, impassioned and almost tearful
plea for Sewall, while the 1300 delegates
are listening to him with that respect and
attention which every American accords to
a bright man and a good speaker.
During the three days' session of the
Populist convention the greatest disorder
prevailed. Every delegate on the floor
appeared to be a natural-born orator and
parliamentarian, and wanted to speak or
raise a point of order on every oppor
tunity. If it was not that, it was to rise
to a question of privilege, or to ask for in
formation. Hence the greatest disorder
prevailed.
The confusion, aggravated by the miser
able acoustics of this building, which was
evidently erected for the purpose of a cir
cus or as a peace offering to the tornado,
was so great that it was found necessary to
establish a relay of strong, clear voices. A
sun-burned corn raiser from the green prai
ries of Nebraska took his station on a chair
on tt c platform alongside Senator Allen
and repeated what the chairman had said.
Then, after several raps of the Senator's
gavel, the sun-burned man said : "The
chair is now calling for order. He says
that unless you keep quiet no business can
be transacted."
About a hundred feet away from the
chair's platform stood an iron-iunged
Texan in a chair, who repeated to the
Continued on tkconU I'age.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JULY 25, 1896.
Feels Luckier Than "The Man Who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo."
HOJi TJHOJ^AS E. WAJSON of Qeorgia, Jlommated by the
Populists for the Vice-Presidency.
( if quniutaneee •/ Mr. Wation lay that this is a good lil'iicm of thit eminent Crocker etateeman.}
Thomas E. Watson of Thomson was born in Columbia County, Georgia, September 5, 1856; received a common-school
education and was then sent to Mercer University, Macon, Ga. At the end ot the sopbomore year left college for
lack of funds; taught school two years; read law for a few weeks under Judge W. R. McLaws of Augusta, Ga., and was
admitted to the bar; commenced the practice of the profession at Thomson, Georgia, his old home, November, 1876; was a mem
ber of the Georgia Legislature, 1882-83; was Democratic Elector for the State at large in 1888; besides the practice of law, has been
and still is largely interested in farming; was elected to Fifty-second Congress as a Democrat, receiving 5456 votes against 597
votes for Anthony E. Williams, Republican.
WILLIAJM JENNIJMQS BpyAJM, the J^omir,ee of the Silver Wing
of tKe Democrats ar\d of the Silver J^arty, but Who
Declined Indorsement by the Populists Because His
Running JVJate, SeWall of J^aine, Was ! Turned DoWn by
the People's Contention. a vr
•" [Thie Portrait is reproduced from ' a »k*lch made from life by Kahler of *? The Call's" art ttaff. ' The photographs
•f Mr. Bryan fail to indicate the' strong facial characteristics that are developed in this usell-dravon portrait.) '
NOMINATED BY
ACCLAMATION.
Silverites Waste .No Time
in Selecting Bryan
and Sewall.
SCENES OF WILD EJJTJiUSIJISJW
JIRE EJECTED.
White Metal .Men Proceed to Jldopt a Plat
form Without Jlwaiting Populistie
Suggestion.
Delegates Jlre Delighted by the Fipst Sreat Demon
stration of Theip Papty and Think, It .Has
a Bright Future Before It— Their
Wopk, Completed.
"THE CALL'S" HEADQUARTERS, i
HOTEL. tINDELL,
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 24. )
■ Bryan and Sewall were nominated to-day by acclamation as the standard
bearers of the National Silver party. ' •
It was, as everybody knows, a cut-aiict-dried programme, and was rushed
through quickly. There was not a dissenting; voice. Silver Republicans joined
with Silver Democrats and Silver Populists in shouting for the nominees of the
convention, which, though at times wildly enthusiastic and demonstrative, was
as harmonious as a prayer-meeting.
When the convention was called to order at the afternoon session the con
ference committee reported In favor of proceeding with the work of adopting a
platform and naming candidates independent of the action of the Populist*.
This course was at once decided upon, and the business of the convention was
rushed to a conclusion lv a twinkling.
Following the nomination of Bryan there was a sudden and prolonged outburst
of enthusiasm. The delegates had been impatiently waiting for an opportunity to
yell for three tedious day's. The demonstration was led by the Nebraska Cali
fornia, Kansas and Colorado delegations. A young lady in white was lifted to a
table on the stage, and holding the Nevada Silver party banner in om hand and
the California emblem in the other, with a large picture of Bryan in the back
ground, formed a tableau that encouraged the lung power of the multitude.
There was a parade of delegates about the hall. Spectators iv the galleries waved
flags, umbrellas and handkerchiefs, and the baud played on.
It was the first great demonstration of the Silver party. The cheering con
tinued nearly half an hour and was renewed when Sewall was nominated. The
delegates are seemingly delighted over the birth of their party, which, they say,
holds out ao much hope and promise to the American people
WITHOUT OPPOSITION.
Bryan and Sewall Receive the
Unanimous Vote of the Silver
Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 24.— The strain of
the paat few days was apparent in the
Silver convention this morning. The del
egates were slow in gathering in the hall
and the attendance was somewhat dimin
ished. The leaders of the party, who were
early on the scene, expressed the opinion
that this would be the last day of the con
vention.
The chairman rapped for order at 10:40
and introduced Rev. VV. P. Covert of the
Missouri delegation, who opened the pro
ceedings with the Lord's Prayer.
Mr. Baker of California, chairman of
the committee on conference, announced
that the two committees had met this
morning and would meet again at 1
o'clock this afternoon. The Silverites
were assured, he said, that the Populists
were now working harmoniously along j
the lines laid down by this convention, j
[Cheers.] He believed that a unanimous
report from the conference committees of
the two conventions would be one of the
strongest campaign documents that would !
be circulated. In order that that might
be successfully accorr plished he moved
that the further proceed. ng3 of the con
vention relating to the adoption of the
platform and nominations be deferred un
til this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. This was
seconded by delegates from Kansas and
Wisconsin, and the motion was carried
with but one dissenting vote. The rest of ■
the National Committee was announced
and the members were requested to meet
immediately upon adjournment this
morning.
The members are as follows: Alabama,
R. H. Walker; California, G. W. Baker;
Colorado, I. N. Stevens; Connecticut, A.
T. Roup; Florida, 8. G. Harvey; Georgia,
C. Thornton; Illinois, G. L. Emery; In
diana, Anson Wolcott; lowa, Amos
Steckel; Kansas, R. W. Turner; Ken
tucky, J. P. Heudricks; Maryland, C. F.
Darby; Massachusetts, £. B. Newhall;
Michigan, E. E. Jarvis; Minnesota, J. W.
Griffin: Mississippi, C. W. Bolton ; Mis
souri, W. T. Foster; Montana, C. G. Brad
shaw; Nebraska, G. L. Laws; Nevada,
Thomas Wrenn; New Jersey, S. W. Reefe;
New York, W. P. St. John ; North Caro
lina, B. F. Keith; North Dakota, W. H.
Standish; Ohio, H. T. Nles; Oregon, T.
Hofer; Pennsylvania, R. E. Diffenderfer;
South Carolina, J. W. Bowden; South
Dakota, Harry Sawyer; Tennessee, E. C.
McDowell; Utah, Richard Mackintosh;
Virginia, A. J. Wedderburn; Washington,
G. J. Thompson; West Virginia, J. C.
Raifsnyder; Wisconsin, E. A. Kppl; Dis
trict of Columbia, C. J. Hillyers; Alaska,
Richard Lewis.
A motion was made authorizing the
committee to fill vacancies, when the mat
ter of counting the veterans of the late
war came up, and Mr. Rhodes of Wash
ington addressed the convention. The
veteran resolution was lost sight of tem
porarily in a tumultuous demand for a
speech from Senator Stewart, to which he
responded.
He said that the silver delegates who
controlled the Chicago convention were
men of honor and integrity, who were de
termined to do that which was right.
Wall street was there, bat its emissaries
PRICE FIVE CEKTS.
FRANK McGUIRK.
were not permitted to approach the hum
blest member. Not a single silver vote
was lost, although half of the 20,000 peo
ple were sent by the goldbugs. The con
test over the platform came on. and it was
necessary for some one to present the
silver side. WilJiam J. Bryan [loud and
long continued applause] was sent for to
reply to the arguments of Vilas and Hill.
The former made an elaborate, the latter an
adroit speech. Tie scene was a wild one,
out throughout it all the silver delegates
were not moved. Bryan came, looking a
leader. His first word stilled the vast
crowd and overwhelmed his adversaries.
He made the grandest speech ever heard.
At the close of bis eloquent peroration
the convention, gold men and all, rose to
their feet and paid him homage. He was
nominated before he left the platform.
His speech was pure, rugged Americanism.
Mr. Stewart went on to say that he knew
Bryan — that he believed that he was sin
cere and honest and would do for the
I people ail that they needed and desired.
"Every silver man," continued Mr.
j Stewart, "was with us; a friend of the
country and opposed to the British con-
I trol of our finances. If they unite, and
| they are uniting, they will march on to
victory." [Cheers.]
The convention again took up the vet
eran soldier resolution, and it was de
cided to call the roll of States that the
chairman of delegations might announce
the number of the veterans in each State
delegation. The call resulted in showing
198 Union soldiers, 18 Confederates and 4
Mexican soldiers represented in the oon-
I vention.
Miss Mitchell of Alton, Kans., was in
troduced, and recited a poem she had
written on "The Wail of William Whit
ney." It was semi-humorous, and the
various hits at Whitney, Hill and Depew
aroused intense enthusiasm. C. P. Scott,
formerly a Republican, said that he would
work to bury the party he had left. Re
plying to a reference to Cleveland, made
by a delegate on tbe floor, Scott said:
"Oh, God, give us cyclones if they must
I come; war, famine and pests; but oh, God,
j in thy mercy, save us from another four
years of Grover Cleveland." He called in
conclusion for three cheers for Bryan and
they were given with a will. After some
remarks by H. R. J. McAlver, General
Warner of Ohio moved an adjournment
until 3:30 o'clock and it was declared car
ried at 12:32.
The last session of the National Silver
Why
.Do the sales of Hood's Sarsapariita exceed
those of other preparations? Because the
people have an abiding confidence in the
curative, blood purifying powers of
Hood's
Sarsaparifia
Which are unequaled by any otber medicine.
Hood's Pills2
Dr. tJ. J. J^lott of J^iortK Garolirva, Who Took ar\ Active jPart ir\ the
Proceedings of the Silver Cor\Ver\tior\.
Convention attracted the largest attend
ance of spectators that has honored the
convention. A large proportion of the
visitors were ladies. At 3:55 o'clock Chair
man St. John called the convention to
order and introduced Rev. Mr. Haggerty,
who invoked the divine blessing.
Mr. Baker of California, chairman of the
Silver convention committee of confer
ence, reported the resolution adopted by
that body in connection with the con
ferees from the Populist Convention. He
said the delegates of that body were fully
in accord with the sentiments entertained
by this convention, and that they earn
estly desire to bring about the reforms
which are so necessary to the people of the
United States. The time at their disposal,
Mr. Baker said, was so brief that the com
mittee had to content itself with a general
statement of the sentiment animating it.
Tbe reading of the report adopted by the
committee was received with applause.
Had the committee had twelve hours at
its disposal, Mr. Baker added, he had no
doubt such an understanding would have
Deen reached as to details as to make sure
the success in November whicn all be
lieved was theirs. [Cheers.]
Mr. Shinn of Kansas moved that the re
port of tbe committee be accepted, adopted
and the committee discharged. This was
agreed to without debate or division. A
delegate sought recognition, but was sup
pressed by Chairman St. John, who said:
"The regular order of business will De pro
ceeded with. Time is too precious to
waste on any interruptions. The chair
cannot listen to the gentleman. Tbe next
business will be the report of the commit
tee on resolutions by Senator Jones of
Nevada."
Senator Jones came forward and was
given a most flattering reception, many of
the aelegates rising and cheering. When
quiet was restored Senator Jones read the
platform and address to the people of the
United States, as previously sent in these
dispatches. The several declarations in
favor of free coinage and denouncing bond
issues were attentively listened to and
provoked much applause. The recom
mendation that Bryan and Sewail be nom
inated brought the whole convention to
its feet with cheers and many demonstra
tions of delight. Francis Clarno of Ore
gon moved that the resolutions be adopted
as read.
The previous question on the adoption
of the resolutions was ordered, and they
were agreed to by a rising vote, which was
unanimous aud accompanied by much
enthusiasm
Mr. Pace of Nebraska moved that tbe
convention proceed to the nomination of
candidates for President and Vice-Presi
dent. A number of suggestions and
subordinate motions followed without
action.
General Warner explained why the
committee on resolutions had recom
mended the nomination instead of in
dorsement, which was to meet the exigen
cies of the situation in several States,
where nomination was necessary to enable
the Silver electors to be voted for.
Mr. Pace's motion was adopted, and E.
C. Little of Abilene, Kans., was recognized
to place Mr. Bryan's name beiore the con
vention. He did so in a graceful and at
times forceful speech. He said the honor
had been accorded Kansas of presenting
the name of the next President. Although
the unanimity of the convention made the
duty somewhat perfunctory, it was none
the less pleasant. "Is life so dear, is peace
bo scarce, that it must be purchased at
the rate of $262,000,000 a year?" he asked
in the midst of a period portraying the
evils of the gold standard. He i poke of
the products of the farm going, lil c salva
tion, without money and without price.
The Republican party, Mr. Little said, bad
McKinley upon its platform, bat it had
Grover Cleveland in it. "God loves a man
who does his own thinking, and we pro
pose this year to earn Goa'e affection and
good will."
The Savior, he said, scourged only tbe
money-ienders. That duty is again to be
performed and William J. Bryan is the
man to do it. In a few days he wili stand
in Madison-Square Garden, New York,
the representative of Lazarus at the feet
of Dives. They both will be there.
Thirty-six years ago the people of this
country looked to the West and it gave
them Lincoln. Again the people look to
the same section and again it gives them
a man, the product of its highest civiliza
tion and development, a ma i like Lincoln,
the friend of man. "In tbe name of our
sister State of Nebraska I name to this
convention as its candidate for President,
William J. Bryan of Nebraska."
L. C. Pace of Nebraska seconded the
nomination. He said for three days the
convention had listened to eloquent
speeches and it might freshen the pro
ceedings by listening to a man who
was not a public speaker. "When
the wind-blistered State of Kan
sas [laughterl used to take things
from Missouri and send them into Ne
braska," said Mr. Pace, "we had to believe
her, and we believe her now when she says
she presents the name of the next Presi
dent." He spoke of the circumstances
surrounding the nomination of Bryan at
Chicago, beginning with the telegram call
ing him to that city at a time when not a
single newspaper, not even his own, had
named him for the high place, and the
•'circumstances" seemed to be in his favor.
[Laughter and applause.] Mr. Pace said
the contest between the money power and
the people of the United States was now
on. Nine out of every ten similar contests
in the past had resulted in favor of the
money power. Chicago had developed a
man, however— a young man full of char
acter, firm for the rieht, born of the people.
The result in this case cannot be in doubt.
Numerous requests having been made
of the chair for recognition, Mr. St. John
asked the convention whether it would
listen to further seconding speeches or de
sired that the roil of States should be
called. Tneie were calls for various per
sons and for rollcall, mingled with sug
gestions that speeches be limited to five
minutes. Finally General Warner of Ohio
called attention to the fact that under the
rules of the convention seconding speeches
would be limited to five minutes. Under
this rule Senator Maginley of Michigan,
whose name was received with applause
and laughter because of its resemblance
to that of the Republican candidate, was
recognized and made a happy seconaing
speech.
The next speech was by Mrs. Stansbury
of Colorado, whose statement that the
"protected women of this country re
ceived 7 cents for making a shirt and that
a Chinaman was paid 10 cents for ironing,
and that the women of Colorado would
vote for the, silver dollar, letting those
who vote for the gold dollar eat rice and
rats, evoked the wildest applause of the
convention.
Mr. Bashour of Waterloo, lowa, said it
took the Mark Hanna syndicate two veers,
at an expense of $750,000, to nominate Mc-
Kinley for the Presidency at St. Louis,
while a twenty-minute American speech
nominated W. J. Bryan for the same office
in Chicago.
Mr. Groat of Cleveland, the Populist
candidate for United States Senator
against Foraker, wanted every man to con
stitute himself a committee of one to drive
from the shores the remnants of Tories aud
British hirelings who remain here.
G. W. Baker of California promised the
nominee of this convention the largest
majority ever given by that State.
A. J. Wedderburn of Virginia, Colonel
Duniphan of Missouri, ex-Congressman
John R. Mcßride of Washington and Vice
cbairman Towne of Minnesota also
seconded Mr. Bryan's nomination. Mr.
Towne highly eulogized Bryan's personal,
private and public characteristics, chief of
which he said was his intense sympathy
with the common people cf the United
States, and pledged the support of the
young men of tbe country.
At this point Mr. Doud of Missouri de
manded that tbe roil of States be called
and the vote recorded. Another delegate
moved that the nomination be made by
acclamation. This seemed to strike the
convention favorably and it was carried
unanimously by a rising vote.
The announcement of the chair was fol
lowed by a great wave of enthusiasm roll
ing over the convention, carrying the dele
gates on to chairs with umbrellas, hats
and handkerchiefs in the air. A large
picture of Bryan was placed in front of the
chairman's desk, and together with a
regulation silt flag, increased the tumult,
which rose to iv highest pitch when Miss
Lillie Pierce, the young elocutionist who
recited the Declaration of Independence
on the opening day, seized tbe large yel
low banner of the California Bimetallic
League and marched round the hall, fol
lowed by the delegates in single file. And
all the while the band played "Hail
Columbia" and "Yankee Doodle." Fi
nally Miss Pierce took the stage and a
striking tableau was formed, she making
the central figure, holding aloft in her
fingers a silver dollar. Bryan's picture for
a background and flags and banners at
the side.
Wben tbe delegates began to quiet down
after a ten minutes' demonstration, it was
renewed by the familiar cry, "What's the
matter with Bryan?" and the response,
'He's all right." Order being restored,
Mr. Baker of California moved to proceed
to the nomination of a candidate for Vice-
President, and another delegate moved
tnat it be done by acclamation. This
Beemed likely to be done without the for
mality of a nomination, but sufficient
quiet was finally secured to enable Alex
ander Troup of Connecticut, a personal
friend of Mr. Sewall, to put him formally
before the convention. The nomination
was seconded by Mr. Niles of Ohio, a
friend of the candidate, he said, and of
his father's. There never was a Sewall,
he said, who would not to the stake lor
principle, and Arthur Sewall is a fitting
mate for the grand man, Bryan.
Tbe nomination of Mr. Sewall was made
by acclamation and in diminished measure
of spirit and time, the demonstration fol
-1 lowing Bryan's nomination was repeated
| with variations. The band played
; "America, " and a verse of the grand old
i hymn was sung Dy tbe delegates and
I spectators. An effort was luaiie by a por
j tion of the delegates to sing "Praise God
From Whom Ali B.essings Flow," but it
wiiS pitcJied on too high a key and the at
tempt lamentably failed, when Chairman
St. John was at last enabled to announce
that Mr. Bewail of Maine had been nomi
nated as the convention's candidate for
vice-president.
Mr. Baker of California moved that a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
:ommiltee of one from each delegation be
named to notify the candidates of their
nomination.
Mr. Pace of Nebraska moved as the
sense of the oonvention that inasmuch as
Bryan and Sewall will be notified of their
lomination by the Democratic notifica
;ion committee in the East, that Mr.
Sewall come West and. with Mr. Bryan,
■eceive the notification of their nomina
;ion of this convention at the latter's
lome in Lincoln, Nebr. The motion was
;arried.
After the usual resolutions of thanks
the convention adjourned sine die.
TO NOTIFY CANDIDATES.
Committees Selected to Walt Upon
the Nominees for President
and Vice-President.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 24.— The following
are the committees appointed by the Na
tional Silver party to notify the President
and Vice-President of tneir respective
nominations: »
Statk.
President.
Vice- President.
Alabama....*..*.."
California
C010rad0........
Connecticut ....
Delaware
Illinois
Indiana
lowa
Kansas ;.
Kentucky ...... !
Maryland
Massachusetts .
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Jersey.....
North Carolina.
North Dakota..
Ohio
Oregon .*...
Pennsylvania ..
South Dakota..
Texas
Utah ..:
Vermont.
Virginia........
Washington
West Virginia..
Wisconsin
Arizona
Ind. Terrrltory.
a -is. Columbia..
R. H. Wnllcer. ..
H. J. Moffit! iW. Pardy
J. H. 8r0wn.... C. O. JLJlzer
A. Troupe
H. R Hudsou
C. C. Strong... 8. H. Blddlson
A. A. Cosiello.. !W. oreg?
C. U. Cole |H. White
J. W. Fitzgerald E. Harrington
J. B. Hendncks
C. R. Darby .... J. F. Moylan
B. O. Flower I
H. K. I.lulit. ... O. H. Msurlnley
|C. A. Towne....|B. V. Howard
|F. W. Flower...^
(". 1". Brartsbaw F. D. Thomas
C- H. Scott- W. U. LiDColn
WJ.WesterflHd
W. R. Fleming. J. McCullougU
J. H. Plerson .. J. H. Hiland
\V. A. Bentley.. U F. Dow
G. A. 8h00D8. . . ' O. W. Moore
F. Clarno <5. Williams
A. 8. Dulln F. 8. Mullln
V. A. Jewetl
IF. Keller.
K. Mclntosh.... H. F. Martlne
— BattelL
IR.1 R. K. copswell.. A. J. stofer Jr
G.W.ThompsonJ. R. Mcßride
I. C Kalianlder-B. Butcher
H. 11. Hoard.... R. K. Douglas
W. J. White
J. E. Gibbons.
11. KUbourne... J. D. Rhodes
The States of Alabama, Connecticut,
Kentucky, Missouri, Nevada, South Da
kota, Texas, Vermont and Arizona and
Indian Territory named the same dele
gates for each committee.
National Committee Organized.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 24.— The National
Committee appointed by the Silver con
vention met to-nieht and organized.
Charles Lane of California was elected
chairman ; I. N. Stevens of Colorado, vice
chairman, and Mr. St. John of New York
was made treasurer. George P. Keeney of
New York was recommended for member
ship on the National Democratic Cam
paign Committee as a representative of the
silverites.
A resolution was adopted that the party
should be known as the National Silver
party. General Warner opposed this rtßO
lution, claiming that the party was not a
"silver party," but a "bimetallic" organi
zation.
The committee adjourned to meet to
morrow morning.
NATIONAL COMMITTEEMEN
Men of the Various States Who Will
Control the Destiny of the
People's Party.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 24.— The follow
ing are the new National Committeemen
of the People's party, theie being three
members from each State which has made
appointments:
Alabama— X. F. Kolb. N. K. Woodruff, K. fl.
Seymore.
Arkansas— J. R. Sovereign, A. W. Giles, G. A
Bush.
California— John & Dore.
Colorado — Blank.
Connecticut— H. C. Baldwin, Joshua Perkins,
W. W. Wheeler.
Delaware— B. L. Kent, Cbarlei Beadenkoph,
Mr. Norrls.
Florida— Blank.
Georgia— H. W. Reed, James L. Slbiey, Carey
J. Thornton.
Idaho— J. H. Anderson, John Crook, Ed
Boyce.
Illinois— H. E. Taubeneck, Eugene Smith,
Mr. Hess.
Indiana— U. S. Austin, D. H. Fernandez,
Joshua Strange.
lowa— W. H. Robb.
Kansas— John Brienthal, W. A. Vincent. Mr.
Allen.
Kentucky — Blank.
Lou isiana— Blank.
Maine— L. C. Baitman, L. Smith, B, W.
Kicholi.
Maryland— M. Kemp.
Mabsaehusetu— R. Washburn, E. G. Brown,
J. P. Gardner.
Michigan— Blank.
Minnesota— R. W. Dobbin, Thomas Meighen,
J. M. Booler.
Mississippi— R. K. Prewitt, T. L. McGehee,
Spotwood. Anderson.
Missouri— P. J. Dickson, Dewitt Eskew, J. H.
Hillls.
Montana— A. E. Spriggs.
Nebraska— Senator W. V. Allen, D. Clem
Devon, J. H. Ming ton.
Nevada— Blank.
New Hampshire — D. B. Carey, J. G. Green
leaf, George D. Kpps.
New Jersey— Blank.
New York— Blank.
Norm Carolina— Blank.
North Dakota— Walter Mewar, Dr. Bentley,
N. O. Noben.
Ohio— J. 8. Coxey, Hugo Preyer, Mr. Chi
chester.
Oregon— J. W. Marksbury, John C. Lace,
John W. Jary.
Pennsylvania— V. A. Lottie, William Drei
sen, J. A. Aiken.
Rhode Island— Blank.
South Carolina — Blank.
Sooth Dakota— A. L. Plowman, H. 8. Yolk«
man. H. H. Smith.
Tennessee— J. H. McDowell, John P. Bu
chanan, J. W. James.
Texas— H. L. Bentley, H. C. Granberry,
Harry Tracy.
Utah— W. Laurence, Kate S. Hilliard, James
Hogan.
\ermont— A. J. Beebe, Henry Munson
Charles A. Lewis.
Virginia— Blank.
Washington— Blank.
West Virginia— N\ W. Fitzgerald, H. T. Hus
ton, W. R. Neal.
Wisconsin— Blank.
Wyoming— D. A. Kingsbury.
Alaska— Blank.
Arizona— Blank.
District of Columbia— Alexander Kent, J. H.
Turner.
New Mexico— Blank.
Oklahoma— Blank.
Indian Territory-A. b. Weakley. W. H. Wat
kins, G. \V. Page.
iVcKlnley's Movamen's
CANTON. Ohio, July 24.— Major McKin
ley returned from Cleveland at 9 o'clock
this morning and set to work on the great
pile of mail that had accumulated during
his absence. Abner McKinley arrived from
Chicago to-day and reports that the work
of organization at National headquarters
is making rapid progress. Major Mc-
Kinley will retnrn to Cleveland Saturday
evening to spend Sunday with Chairman
Hanna.
.VtitoiiH Republican nomination.*
SPRINGFIELD. Mo., Jnly 24.— Th. Mis
souri Republican Btate Convention' to-day
nominated Dr. A. C. Pettyjohn of Linn
County tor Lieutenant-Governor and Ru
dolph Hirzel of St. Louis County for
Supreme Judge.
Treasury Hold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 24.— The
treasury gold reserve to-night was about
5111,000,000; withdrawals, $312,500. About
$17,000,000 in gold, tendered by New York
banks, has been put in the treasury in cash.
TOM WATSON IN
SECOND PLACE,
[Continued from Fir* -Fo*r«.|
Texan s what the Nebraska man had said.
This was very funny, I thought, but a
delegate from Maine thought otherwise,
and on one occasion, after the relay had
explained what Senator Allen had said,
the Maine man mounted his chair and,
leveling a loaded forefinger at the relay,
asked, with an asperity that was laugh
abie, whether the horny-handed man was
chairman of the convention. This was
taken up by the Texan relay, who in
formed bis delegation that a guy from
Maine was asking. whether Smith ot Ne
braska or Allen of Nebraska was in the
chair.
it could not be a truly Populistic con
vention without the presence of crunks
and without those spectacular effects
wnich meke life indeed worth living even
to a Populist. At a time when important
business was to be transacted this fore
noon the convention was thrown into
spasms of anpiause and laughter by the
appearance of Mrs. Mary Penninstoii, at
tired as a goddess of liberty (not the
Goddess of Liberty), accompanied by a
man costumed as Uncle Sam. The lady,
who has indeed a winsome face and a
sweet but thin voice, started to sing a
campaign song to the air of "Auld Lang
Syne, 1 ' and it was at once seen, or rather
heard, that she had pitcned her voice too
high, and when she reached the third bar
■he fell over it, but picked herself up very
gracefully and started again a few rounds
lower down on the ladder. There were
about seventeen stanzas to the song — one
of those Queen of Spain compositions,war
ranted to last till morning. The introduc
tion of thia melody brought out the fact
that dockless Simpson has no more ear for
music than he has feet tor socks. Mr.
Srfimpson mounted a chair and suggested
that while the music had been very nice,
it would have been more agreeable bad it
been sung at some other time and in some
other place. The convention had a whole
lot of business to do, and, like Macbeth
Mr. Simpson was of the opinion that if,
" 'Twere done when 'tis done, 'twere bet
ter that 'twere done quickly."
But the funniest, the most persistent,
the most indignantly irate crank of all
was a little man with whi&kers from
Rhode Island. I mean that the roan as
well as the whiskers is from Rhode Island.
He offered as a substitute to the majority
and minority reports a platform of his own,
which a loud-voiced relay proceeded to
read. It began with :
"When in the course of human events it
becomes necessary," etc., "for tbe free
coinage of silver," and it went on in simi
lar strain, being a cheap paraphrase ot the
immortal Declaration of Independence.
It did not take much time for the conven
tion to discover this crankiness in the doc
ument, and several motions were made to
refer the declaration of independence of
silver to the committee on resolutions.
The motion was carried, and when the j
chairman had so declared the little Rhode
Islander, white with anger, demanded
that his precious composition be read. He
shrieked his demand fiercely and brand
ished an over-sized fist so threateningly
that the convention shrieked with laugh
ter as the Rhode Islander was forcibly
carried from tbe platform to his seat by
three ot St. Louis' "most stalwart police
men."
Senator Peffer modestly occupies a seat
in the rear of the chairman's platform, !
and he has excited the envy of all be
holders because by his side sits a stylish
looking young woman who wears one
natty costume in the morn ng, another In !
the afternoon and another in the evening, j
Her hats are beautiful and artistic crea
tions of the miiliner, and the gay colors of |
toe flowers in them seem brighter and j
gayer when flashed against the brown
background of the Senator's historic
whiskers. She is a Texan belle, and when
she Hashes a row of white teeth, whisper
ing into the Senator's ear, the spirit of j
murder takes possession of the heart of i
every gallant man in the hall, for they are
all watching her.
As the discussion on the Vice-Presidency
continues to-night that eminently dignified
and respectable banker, ship-builder and
railroader of Maine is being roasted alive
with burning words uttered by the friends
of Tom Watson of Georgia, of whom one
of the opeakers said that he had been often
elected and as often defrauded. Delegates
who had no objection to Bryar. declared
that they as Populists could not stomach
Sewall; it was asking too mucii even trom
men who were willing to support a Demo
crat upon a Democratic platform. Tom
Watson's name seemed to have a magic in
it for the Southern heart. He had been
counted out time and again by the South
ern Democracy, the natural foe of South
ern Populism, and it seemed fitting that
ne should replace upon the fusion ticket a
Democrat. Not a word was said against
Bryan, but every speaker except the sup
porters of Sewall voiced their dissatisfac
tion with him both as a man and mil
lionaire.
There is one thing I must not forget in
this letter and which if 1 did not mention
would be an act of injustice to a represen
tative body of American citizens, and that
is that I am agreeably disappointed with
the make-up of this convention. I had
expected to find cranks here; they are
here, but they are in »uch a very small
minority that they are practically invisi
ble and unheard. I found a large propor
tion of scholarly and thoughtful men, in
the main, honest and sincere of purpose,
and I found also many men with no mean
gilt of eloquence both natural and ac
quired. Through all the speeches beamed
the brilliant hues of the flower of poesy
and imagination that seem to thrive the
best and shine the brightest in the land of
the magnolia and the palmetto.
Ignatius Donnelly, scholar and states
man, who has written at least two books
which will remain permanently as an
honor to American literary genius, is one
of these. His presence and his support
would dignify and lend the charm of in
tellectual supremacy to any bedy of men.
He is a clear and forcible speaker and
speaks and writes with thought in the ker
nel of every sentence.
Senator Allen, the chairman, is a man
of commanding presence, and enjoys the
distinction of having, on a certain memor
able occasion, talked to the Senate of the
United States for fifteen consecutive hours.
It is not on record whether the Senate
ever forgave him for this crime, which a
layman would designate as unpardonable.
Tue Senator gave the convention a sample
of his powers yesterday in his speech of
acceptance of the honors of the chairman
sbip.
Among the other good speakers are
Howard of Alabama, "Cyclone" .Davis of
Texas and a score or more of other gentle
men from the sunny South. Tne Texan
Cyclone uses good language, and is a fluent
speaker, but his voice carried too many
sobs and signs and tears, so that at times
some ol bis most effective pleas grow ludi
crous, reminding the hearer of an exhorter
at a negro camp-meeting. When a plea
becomes a roast the hearer is inclined to
laugh.
Senator Simpson, swarthy of face, large
of nose, and wearing a black bang hang
ing loosely down his low, sweet brow, is
an effective speaker. I think he can talk
the socks off the average man. T. H. Gore
of Texas, the 25- year-old son of Congress
man Gore of Mississippi, is a good talker.
He has the misfortune to be blind. Judge
Gibbs and Milton Park of Texas are orators
of no mean order.
I was also agreeably disappointed in the
personnel of the mass of the delegates.
They are largely of the agricultural classes,
are honorable representatives of the yeo
manry of the country. I miss the swag
ger of the Bowery, the aggressive strut of
the Tar Flat politician. But I see before
me men and women who work for a living
under the debilitating sun of the summer
and amid the chilling blasts of. the cruel
winters that fall to the not nnhappy lot of
those who live on the wrong side of the
Rocky Mountains. I see manly men and
womanly women not ashamed of having
to toil for their daily bread and not griev
ing because they cannot wear broadcloth
or silka. John Paul Cosgkave.
LEADERS ARE AT SEA.
But There Is Little Possibility of
' the Convention Yet Indorsing
the Democrats.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 25.— The People's
party convention on the third day of ita
session got down to solid work and after a
stormy night session nominated Thomas
L. Watson of Georgia for Vice-President.
It turned down the committee on rules by
decisive vote this morning and gave the
nomination for Vice-President prece
dence over that of President, so as to force
the selection of a Southern Populist in
place of Bewail, whose record was strongly
attacked by members of the Maine delega
tion.
The ball was almost as crowded as it was
during any of the sittings of the Repub
lican convention. There was a good d al
of enthusiasm displayed, though not in
favor of any special candidate. Most of
the speeches were in favor of the nomina
tion of Mr. Watson of Georgia, and his
success was almost assured an hour before
he was chosen.
The sensation of the night was the with
drawal of Mr. Bryan unless his mate, Mr.
Sewall, was named with him on the ticket.
Before the convention adjourned the pur
port of the message from Mr. Bryan be
came known among the leaders. Gov
ernor Stone of Missouri, General J. B.
Weaver and Mr. Patterson of Denver held
a conference, but without result.
Subsequently Governor Stone said he
did not believe Bryan's name would be
preserted to the convention. He could
not, he said, possibly see bow Bryan could
ever consider a nomination after the ac
tion of the convention in nominating
Watson. The leaders of the Populists are
all at sea, but among those who have
been contending for Sewall's nomination
the telegram brings a ray of hope, for they
believe it will force the convention to re
consider its action and indorse the
straight Democratic ticket. There ap
pears, however, to oe no probability of
this being done.
CAN'T STOMACH SEWALL.
So the Populists Nominate Thomas
E. Watson of Georgia for the
Vice- Presidency.
POPULIST CONVENTION HALL, BT.
LOUIS, Mo., July 24. -The convention
was called to order by Senator Allen, per
manent chairman, at 10:05.
After prayer by the Rev. Mr. Williams
of the Union Methodist Church of St.
Louis, the chairman introduced Mrs.
Marion Todd, who read a resolution ex
pressing regret for the death of Mrs. S. E.
B. Emery, "one of her number," and read
an address eloquently eulogizing the de
ceased lady. The resolution was unani
mously adopted by a rising vot«.
A gavel constructed in the State of Ohio
out of forty-eight different kinds of tim
ber, representing every State, was pre
sented to the chairman by Delegate De
Noe as a "middle-of-the-road" gavel, and
it was accepted by the chairman.
The States were then called for the ap
pointment of a delegate to act on the con
ference committee with the Silver Con
vention. When the State of Texas was
reached the spokesman of that delegation
declared indignantly that Texas had no
name to present for such a committee.
The report of the committee on rules
and order of business, which was made
late last night, was taken up for action.
The majority report had been read last
night. The minority report was now read,
the point of it being that nominations for
Vice-President shall be made prior to nom
inations for President. The majority re
port was explained by Delegate Pomeroy
of New Jersey, a member of the committee
on rules.
There were but three points of differ
ence, lie said, between the majority and
minority, the principal oue being a re
versal of the order of nominations for
President and Vice- President. One of the
rules recommended was that the nom
inating speeches should be limited to
twenty minutes and the seconding
speeches to ten minutes.
Another rule which was unanimously
recommended was that where there were
vacancies in the delegations the votes of
the delegations present should be counted
pro rata to tne whole number to which the
State is entitled. So, if a Btate were enti
tled to twelve votes and there were only ten*
delegates present each of them should
cast one and two-tenths votes. An ex
planation was also given as to the propo
sition for the selection of a chairman to
the National Committee, but the pian did
not satisfy the mind of Ignatius Donnelly
of Minnesota, who said in indgnant tones
that it seemed as if very little would be
left for the People's pajty after this
convention got through its work except
its National organization, and he did not
wish to see that National organization put
into the bands of Democrats, as it would
be under the proposed rule. While he
was ready to support Bryan if that gen
tleman should be the choice of the con
vention he was not in favor of permitting
a Democrat to become the head ol the
Populist National Committee. [Cheers.]
W. L. Green of Nebraska toot exception
to Mr. Donnelly's statement that only the
skeleton of the Populist party would be
left alter tae convention adjourned. On
the contrary, he believed there would be a
rejuvenated and reinvigorated party.
[Cneers.]
Mr. Green's remarks assumed a still
more aggressive phase a* he proceeded and
considerable confusion and frequent inter
ruptions by the anti-Bryan men were
raised. Mr. Green closed by ask ing if they
were going to nominate a President whom
they were afraid to trust to name the
chairman of their committee.
Representative Howard of Alabama
scorned the .imputation that the conven
tion was not competent to make its own
choice of chairman. A delegate arose to
a Question of privilege and protested with
great vehemence acainst the unwarranted
interference of officials of the convention
with delegates who rose to address it. He
intimated that these subordinates were
acting in the Bryan interest.
The chairman ruled that there was no
question of privilege presented, and when
another delegate arose and addressed him
the chairman refused to recognize him.
E. Gerry Brown of Massachusetts made
a short conciliatory speech recommending
the adoption of the minority report to
proceed to the nomination of Vice-Presi
dent before the nomination of President.
The minority, he said, asked of the ma
jority that little concession and he hoped
it would be made. He moved the adop
tion of the minority report.
The chair ruled that he could not enter
tain Mr. Brown's motion until the pre
vious motion to take up the report by sec
tions had been disposed of.
George Abbott of Nebraska disclosed the
whole purpose of the movement to pro
ceed to the selection of a Vice-President
by a brief speech, which was received with
tumultuous applanse. He said : "The men
who want you to vote for Vice-President
first do so because they- think we will not
give them the Vice-Presidency after they
have nominated Bryan. Now, I coma
from Nebraska, and I say to you I will
fight any proposition to make Sewall
Vice-President. [Loud cheers.] lam a
Populist and I am for Bryan, but I am
not for a National banker for the second
place." [Cheers and cries of "Good."]
"Cyclone" Davis of Texas made an earn
est appeal in favor of the minority.
Delegate Patterson of Colorado addressed
the convention earnestly in favor or action
recognizing Bryan for President and Sewall
for Vice-President. The name of Bryan
was greeted with applause and the name
of Sewall with shouts of disapproval, whlcn
interrupted the speech for some time.
After he got a chance to go on he said:
"Ibelitve that if the ticket is divided —
it Bryan is named for the Presidency and
somebody other than Sewnll for the Vice-
Presidency — it will inevitably lead to con
fusion and recrimination. [Shouts of "No,
no; sit down, sit down!"] How would
that be received by tne friends o' Mr.
Sewall, if the Democratic National Com
mittee should attempt it? [Another out
break of opposition ana more snouts of
"Sit down," with the countershout from
some one on the platform, "Go down in
the slums, where you belong!"]
"How will the people of the country,"
Mr. Patterson resumed as soon as he got
a chance, "regard Mr. Bryan if be accepts
at the bands of this body a nomination
which discards his companion on the
ticket? I give it as my deliberate opin
ion that, as an honorable man pledged to
stand by his companion, be cannot, with
honor andJJ decency, give countenance to
an action which separates him from the
candidate for the Vice-Presidency. Now,
gentlemen, let us proceed in the usual and
regular way. Let us take up the question
of the Presidency first [shouts of "No,"
"No"], and then let the question of the
Vice-Presidency be fought out, after dis
cussion, afier a clear understanding of
what the consequences of a false step
would be."
Loud cries of "Question" were raised
when Mr. Patterson at last resumed his
seat. a
Jerry Simpson, taking the stand, said
be would once more hold out the right
hand of fellowship to the South.
"If you go ahead," he said, "in a regu
lar way and nominate a man for Presi
dent I will pledge you the 92 votes of Kan
sas for your candidate for Vice-President.
[Cheers.]
A delegate from Maine wished to answer
Mr. Patterson, but the previous question
was demanded and the chair pronouueed
it to be carried and declared all further de
bate to be cut off. Nevertheless Gerry
Brown of Massachusetts and ex-Governor
Gibbs of Texas were permittea to address
the convention, both in favor of nominat
ing the Vice-President first and selecting
a Southern Populist for the office.
More protests came from the body of
delegates against so much talk and then
the chairman proceeded to state the pend
ing motions and ruled that the first ques
tion was whether the majority report
should be adopted, so far as it was not in
consistent with the minority leporL The
question was put and adopted.
Much time was spent over the detailing
of rules — many amendments having been
offered ;o them, with more or less discus
sion and the usual degree of confusion.
Mr. Washburn of Massachusetts was
called to the chair to relieve Senator
Allen.
The convention by an almost unani
mous vote decided to leave the selection
of chairman of the National Committee to
the committee itself, inatead of confiding
the selection of the chairman to the Presi
dential nominee.
When that portion of the rules was
reached which provided ror a reversal of
the order of nominating President and
Vice-President "Cyclone" Davis took the
stand and said be believed he couid now
point the way to a haven of peace. He
had received pledges from the States of
Nevada and Illinois, in addition to the
States of Kansas and Nebraska, that if the
convention proceeded iv regular order
they would sustain the middle-of-the-road
candidate for Vice-President. He, lor bis
part, was willing to trust their good faith
and to withdraw all obstructions.
A delegate from Minnesota added to
these pledges "the almost unanimous sup
port" of Minnesota's fifty-three delegates.
But the convention was not in the humor
to accept the olive branch of peace. Fiity
"APENTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Bnda Pest, Hungary.
Considering the nature of the Hungarian Bitter
Water Springs, it must obviously be desirable for the
medical profession and the public to be assured authori-
tatively that the working of these Springs is carried on
in a scientific manner, and not merely on commercial
lines, and with this view the Uj Hunyadi Springs, from
which " Apenta " Water is drawn, are placed under the
absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
Prices : 15 Cents and 25 Cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Sole Exporters :
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE tkat the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited,
men addressed the chair at once, and
when the chairman declared that the
previous question had been ordered, Mr.
Crandall of New Jer3ey advanced to the
platform and, shaking his fist, said he was
a delegate and he proposed to be heard.
He was howled down, notwithstanding.
The roll of States was cailed on the quea
tion of substituting the minority report
giving precedence to the Vic^-Presidential
nomination for the majority report to pro
ceed to ballot for President first and Vice-
President next.
Mr. Skinner of North Carolina, who had
cast eiahty-five of that State's vote for the
majority report, announced that he would
change that vote unless good faith was to
be observed, and a Southern Vice-Presi
dent nominated.
A scene of great confusion ensued
which delayed the proceedings some time.
An informal count showed the vote to be :
For the minority report, 730; for the
majority, 766. Before the result was an
nounced, Mr. Skinner changed the vote of
North Carolina, casting the whole ninety
five votes for the minority report, which
was thus adopted, the official total being:
For the minority, 785; for the majority,
615.
The report, as thus amended, was then
declared adopted.
The chair announced that the commit*
tee on resolutions bad prepared a report,
but the minority members who wished to
sign a minority report requested time for
this purpose. General Weaver of lowa,
chairman of the committee on resolutions
and platform, took the stand at 3:05 to
read the platform and resolutions which
had been agreed to, lie said, with great
una nimity, but not with entire unanimity,
as the minority report would be presented
by Mr. Kearby of Texas and Mr. Coxey of
Ohio. He then read the platform and
resolutions.
There was very little applause given to
any of the various declarations of the plat
form. The one in favor ot recognizing
Cuban independence was most appreciated
and after it in point of popularity came
the one in favor of "initiative and refer
endum.''
J. S. Coxey of Ohio, as representing the
minority of the committee on platform,
read other propositions to be added to thn
pUtforrn, among them being those non
interest-bearing bonds, good roads, exten
sion of suffrage to women and the owner
ship and control by the Government of
every industry necessary to the welfare of
the community.
Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota took
exception to this phrase in the platform as
to land: "Private land monopoly as well
as alien ownership 6hall be prohibited."
Their enemies would say, Mr. Donnelly
remarked, that that was a system under
which all property was to be put in the
hands of the Government. He suggested
I that the phrase should be accompanied by
the words "subject to the right of every
human being to a home on the land.
[Cries of "Good."]
Mr. Koarby of Texas, on the part of the
minority, stated an objection to the plat
form to be that it was too elaborate and
looked much like the one adopted at
Chicago. He presented a substitute plat
form.
A minority report of one member of the
committee on rules was presented by A.
Vallette of Rhode Island. It was read, the
open paragraphs being a paraphase of the
Declaration of Independence.
The convention grew impatient as the
reading of the paper continued and a
motion was made and carried to refer the
question and Declaration of Independence
"to the committee on pJatform" — with a
derisive suggestion that ita author "have
leave to print."
Its author, however, became angry at the
treatment accorded him, and made such
an indignant protest on the platform that
the chairman ordered his removal by
force. Three uniformed policemen laid
hold of Mr. Valletta to remove him, but he
resisted with all hia might. Some of the
deputy sergeat-at-arms interposed to pre
vent violence being done to a delegate and
there was a scene of uproar and excite
ment on the stage and t_j body of the
halL
Finally the efforts of the convention
officers were successful, and Mr. Vallette
was escorted back to his seat.
The question was then put and the plat
form reported by the majority of the com
mittee on rules was agreed to and all the
amendments were laid on the table. Sev
eral motions to take a recess nntil evening
were made and voted down; a remon
strance on the part of the conference com
mittee against proceeding with the nomi
nation until after a report should be re
ceived was treated with disdain, and a
motion to call the States for nominations
for Vice-President was at 4:20 p. n. carried
amid applause.
After the roll of States had been entered
upon the convention reconsidered its de
termination not to take a recess, and at
4:33 o'clock adjourned to meet again at 6
p. m.
At 6:35 p. m. the convention was called
to order by the permanent chairman, Sen
ator Allen of Nebraska, but it was a long
time before the call produced the desired
result. Then the chairman announcd
that a message had been received from
the Silver convention and it would now be
re d.
Delegate Pollock of Mississippi, a mem
ber of the Silver convention, was intro
duced by the chairman and proceeded to
read the platform adopted by that body.
There were some points of order made
against the reading, but they were
promptly overruled by the chairman.
When he reached the conclusion to the
HEW TO-DAT.effect that Mr. Bryan had been nominated I
for the Presidency there was an outburst
of applause, drowning the further an
nouncement of the nomination of Sewall
for the Vice-Presidency.
The call of States for nominations for
"Vice-President was resumed, Mr. Baunian
of Alabama appearing as the spokesman
of that delegation to nominate for Vice-
President Representative Skinner, the
Populist candidate from North Carolina.
There was one citizen of the United otates
to-day, he said, who could confer the
greatest blessing on the American people
and that man was Arthur Sewall of
Maine. If he loved liberty and loved the
people more than he loved office he would
eliminate himself from the Democratic
ticket and indorse the Populists' cnoice
for the Vice-Presidency. When he did
that the wage-earning classes of the people
would stand up and there would be a
National bank president whom they would
call "thrice blessed." If this convention
wanted to nominate William J. Bryan as
candidate for the Presidency it would have
to eliminate Arthur Sewall from the ticket
aa Vice- President.
"Let Sir. Bryan," he continued, "write
a letter indorsing the candidate who will
be named for the Vice-Presidency by this
convention. I believe he will do it. If he
does there will come a mighty host from
beyond the Mississippi andastiil mightier
host from ihe South, and McKinley will
not Know what struck him." [Laughter.]
Representative Howard of Alabama
placed in nomination Hon. Thomas E
W&tson, the late Populist Congressman
from Georgia, who became famous by
bringing into publicity the alleged inquiry
of Judge Cobb of Alabama: "Mr. Speaker,
where am I at?" He spoke of Mr. Wat
son as a man who had suffered for the
cause, who had sacrificed his money and
his time, who had borne the cross and was
entitled to wear the crown — a man who as
an orator was the equal of William Jen
nings Bryan, who as a statesman was the
peer of Benjamin Hill of Georgia, who as
an editor stood at the head of his calling.
Mr. Watson's name was received with
demonstrations which fully attested his
popularity.
Mr. Sovereign, master workman of the
Knights of Labor, seconded the nomina
tion of Watson, on behalf of the State of
Arkansas, and said the contest was "be
tween the common people of this country
and the combined foe of two continents."
Mr. Watson's nomination was also sec
onded by Delegate Johnson of California.
Colorado, being called, yielded to Lafe
Pence, now of New York, formerly a Con
gressman of Colorado, who began by say
ing: "Mr. President: In order to draw
the poison quickly and have it out, let me
say my purpose is to give some reason, or
to try to give some reason, why we should
nominate Arthur Sewall of Maine for
Vice- President."
This announcement was received with
considerable applause, followed by hisses.
Mr. Pence, continuing, said that he had
seen fifteen delegates to the convention
whose membership in the party averaged
twenty-three days, and who now said the
convention should not indorse Mr. Sewall.
And wheu General Weaver, Major Page,
Jerry Simpson and himself declined to be
carried away to-night by an attack of
hysteria as the Democrats were carried
away at Chicago they must be necessarily
"traitors" to the cause. Last month Mark
Hanna had a convention in this same hall,
and his will and wish were carried into
action. Neither Mark Hanna's will nor
wish would be telegraphed from St. Louis
to Canton, Ohio, congratulating Mr. Mc-
Kinley on his election being made abso
lutely certain, because the Populists had
pursued a course which would divide the
forces against him. [Applause.]
"If we express," Mr. Pence continued,
"our coolest judgment McKinley is beaten
sure. We are in a crisis which calls for
cool judgment, and not for acclamation.
[Applause or noise.] Do you remember
that Lincoln's colleague on the ticket was
a man from Maine — Hannibal Hamlin?
Do you remember or do you Know that
long before any of us was in this fight for
reform and against the 'gold ring* Mr.
Sewall was actively in the fight? It makes
no difference as to the merits of the man.
The Vice-President does not amount to
much unless the President is a consump
tive, and Billy Bryan is no consumptive.
[Cheers and laughter.]
"I would rather see the chance of beat
ing McKinley and the gold standard than
see either Mr. Skinner or Mr. Watson, or
my good triend Page of Virginia, Vice-
President of the United States. You
speak of Mr. Sewall as a millionaire.
Whose picture is this? [Turning round
and pointing to the portrait oi Peter
Cooper.] A millionaire! Thank God, a
millionaire who was willing to expend his
money in a righteous fight. You say that
Mr. Sewall is a banker. Confidentially,
none of us are bankers ; but, confidentially,
we would all like to be." [Applause and
laughter.]
Mr. Pence closed his Bpeech with the
declamati on of the verse :
There are ninety and nine who live and die
In want and hunger and cold.
That one may live in luxury and lie
Wrapped In Us silken fold.
Mr. Murphy of Georgia seconded the
nomination of Tom Watson. Asked by a
delegate if Tom Watson would stand on
the platform adopted by the convention,
Mr . Murphy replied, amid laughter and
cheers, ''Yes, sir, till hell freezes over."
L. H. Btockwell of Indiana seconded
Watson, stating that he had been twice
fairly elected to the lower house of Con
gress and as often counted out, and now
they proposed to call him up higher.
Mr. Weller of lowa, once familiarly
known as "Calamity" Weller, nominated
Frank Burkitt of Mississippi.
Mr. Calhoun of the same State, on be
half of a majority of the delegation from
lowa, asserted that the gentleman who
had just spoken represented "a vast mi
nority" of the delegation, but did not rep
resent lowa, which had no candidate to
present.
W. A. Harris of Kansas seconded the
nomination of Mr. Sewall, but Judge
Frank Doster of the Kansas delegation,
6peaking for a portion of the delegation,
expressed their dissent and seconded the
nomination of the "often elected and often
defrauded" Thomas Watson of Georgia.
Kentucky yielded to Captain Burnhain
of Tennessee, who nominated A. L. Mims
of Tennessee, one of the grandest men in
the State, a profound scholar and a states
man whose heart was ever beating for hu
manity.
Illinois, which by request had been
passed earlier in the evening, through G.
M. Miller seconded the nomination of
Mims of Tennessee, but a delegate from
the Sixth Illinois District challenged the
right of Miller to speak for his district.
Louisiana seconded Tom Watson. A.
A. Gunby, who spoke for Louisiana, said
he could not understand the policy which
had put forward a bank president to put
down National banks, a corporationist to
put down corporations and a railroad
magnate to put down railroad corporations
and monopolies. [Laughter and cheers.l
During the delivery of the speech,
Bland of Missouri, the defeated aspirant
for the Democratic nomination, came to
the platform and was introduced to the
chairman by Senator Stewart, and aoon
PLANKS IN THE PEOPLE'S PARTY PLATFORM ADOPTED AT ST. LOUIS, JULY 24, 1896.
The People's party, assembled in National Convention, reaffirms its allegiance to
the principles declared by the founders of the Republic, and also the fundamental
principles of just government, as enunciated in the platform of the party of 1892.
We recognize that through the connivance of the present and preceding administra
tions the country has reached a crisis in its National life, as predicted in our declara
tion four years ago, and that prompt and patriotic action is the supreme duty of the
hour. We realize that while we have political independence our financial and indus
trial independence is yet to be attained by restoring to our country the constitutional
control and exercise of functions necessary to a people's government, which functions
have been basely surrendered by our public servants to corporate monopolies. The
influence of European money-changers has been more potent in shaping legislation
than the voice of tne American people. Executive power and patronage nave been
used to corrupt our Legislatures and defeat the will of the people, and plutocracy has
thereby been enthroned upon the ruins of democracy. To restore the Government
intended fey the fathers and for the welfare and prosperity of this and future genera
tions we demand tne establishment of an economic and financial system which shall
make us masters of our own affairs and independent of European control by the adop
tionof the following- DECLARATION 0F pRINCIPLEg .
1. We demand a National money, safe and sound, issued by the General Gov
ernment equally, without the intervention of banks of issue, to be a full legal tender
for all deots, public and private, a just, equitable and efficient means of distribution
direct to the people, and througn the lawful disbursements of the Government.
2. We demand the free and unrestricted coinage of silver and gold at the
present legal ratio of 16 to 1 without waiting for the consent of foreign nations.
3. We demand that the volume of circulating medium be speedily increased
to an amount sufficient to meet the demands of the business and population and to
restore the just level of prices of labor and production.
4. We denounce the sale of bonds and the increase of the public interest
bearing debt made by the present administration as unnecessary and without authority
of law, and demand that no more bonds be issued except by specific act of Congress.
5. We demand such legislation as will prevent the demonetization of the
lawful money of the United States by private contract.
6. We demand that the Government in payment of its obligations snail use ita
option as to the kind of lawful money in which they are to be paid, and we denounce
the present and preceding administrations for surrendering this option to the holder
of Government obligations.
7. We demand a graduated income tax, to the end that aggregated wealth
shall bear its just proportion of taxation, and we regard the recent decision of the
Bupreme Court relative to the income-tax law aa a misinterpretation of the constitu
tion and an invasion of the rights and powers of Congress over the subject of taxation.
8. We demand that postal savings banks be established by the Government
for the safe deposit of the savings of the people and to facilitate exchange.
SECOND— TRANSPORTATION.
1. Transportation being a means of exchange and a public necessity, the
Government should own and operate the railroads *o the interests of the people and
on a non-partisan basis, to the end that all may be accorded the same treatment in
transportation and that the tyranny and political power now exercised by the great
railroad corporations, which result in the impairment if not the destruction of the
political rights and personal liberties of the citizens, may be destroyed. Such owner
ship is to be accomplished gradually, in a manner consistent with sound public policy.
2. The interest of the United States in the public highways built with public
moneys and the proceeds of extensive erants of lands to the Pacific railroads should
never be alienated, mortgaged or sold, but guarded and protected for the general wel
fare as provided by the laws organizing such railroads. The foreclosure of existing
liens of the United States on these roads should at once follow default in the payment
thereof by the debtor companies; and at the foreclosure sales of said roads the
Government should purchase the same if it becomes necessary to protect its interests
afterward he was followed by Senator
Jones of Nevada, who took a seat beside
him.
Deleeate L. C. Bateman of Maine re
sponded when his State was called, and
protested solemnly against the nomina
tion of Mr. Sewall for Vice-President. The
statement that Mr. Sewall was formerly a
Greenbacker he denounced as absolutely
false. Mr. Sewall had not one particle of
sympathy with the People's party except
as to the one item of silver — which was
the least among the Populist demands.
Mr. Sewall had been president of the
Maine Central Railroad, and in the last
year of his presidency the wages of he
railroad men in that company were cut
down 10 per cent. A comparison of Sewall
with Peter Cooper was an insult to the
immortal dead. He closed with the nom
ination of Mann Page of Virginia, presi
dent of the National Farmers' Alliance.
R. B. Taylor of Michigan spoke in favor
of the nomination of Mr. Watson of Geor
gia.
Delegate Walton of Georgia (colored)
felt it a great honor, he said, to be on the
platform as a delegate-at-large from the
State of Georgia and to be a member of
the National Committee. He seconded
the nomination of Watson.
Frank M. Fogg of Michigan, formerly of
Maine, who was next introduced, com
plained that he had been badly treated.
He intimated that he had unpaid board
bills against some of his delegation and
this statement was received with a storm
of hisses. He stated that he had run for
Congress on the Greenback ticket and Mr.
Sewall had given him $700 for his ex
penses. He was hooted into silence.
Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota, on be
half of bis State, seconded the nomination
of Mr. Watson. He had supposed it was
agreed to unanimously that second place
should be given to a Soutoern man. The
People's party could not sustain the can
didacy of Arthur Sewall of Maine.
If be were to go home and tell
the Populists of Minnesota that
this convention had nominated to the
Vice-Presidency a man worth $6,000,000,
the president of a National bank and con
nected with ten other National banks, an
officer in one of the railroads of New Eng
land and interested in half the railroads
of New England, the Populists of Minne
sota would say that rather than vote for
such a man they would see all the Demo
crats in the country 500 miles below the
lowest pit of hell. [Shouts of laughter.]
C. P. Gore, the "blind orator of Mississ
ippi," seconded the nomination of Frank
Burkitt of Mississippi. Missouri an
nounced that it had no name to present,
but was "forninst the man from Maine."
James Donovan of Montana supported
the nomination of Sewall, "the man of his
native soil." As he resumed his seat the
Montana delegation repudiated bis senti
ments, and the chairman of the delega
tion, Mr. Roses, said the People's party of
Montana could not indorse for the second
highest office in the United States the
president of a National bank. [Cheers.]
He closed by seconding the nomination of
Frank Burkitt.
George Abbott of Nebraska said he did
not represent the whole of the Nebraska
delegation, but he came before them be
cause he bad promised to support a
Southern Populist, and his mother had
taught him never to lie. He seconded the
nomination of Tom Watson.
Nevada was represented by Mr. Rodgers
of California, who seconded the nomina
tion of Mr. Skinner.
William Henry of North Carolina ad
dressed the convention as the spokesman
of New Hampshire. He implored the
convention not to give their support to
Sewall, but seconded nobody.
When New Jersey was called a delegate
from that State named Crandall tried to
make a speech, but another delegate from
the same State asserted that New Jersey
did not desire to be heard. Mr. Crandall,
however, began to talk about the planet
Mars and was "guyed" by the whole con
vention. The only thing he was able to
say intelligently wab that his delegation
was a Coxey aelegation. As he made his
way back to bis seat he was made the sub
ject of mock congratulations which created
great merriment.
When the State of New York was called
the statement was made that the time of
New York had been given to Colorado.
Some of the New York delegates objected
to this arrangement, but their objection
was overruled, and Mr. Patterson of
Colorado seconded the nomination of
Arthur Sewall. Mr. Patterson offered to
yield to the venerable Senator from
Nevada, Mr. Stewart, and after some dis
sent be was beard.
Senator Stewart said he had devoted the
best years of his life to the cause because
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
it was the cause of humanity. He launched
into one of his usual speeches against the
gold conspirators. The audience did not
seem to enjoy the story of the famous
conspiracy and soon began to shout
"time."
The convention was soon in great uproar
and the coatless "repeater" standine in tbe
main aisle, with a sense of fairness which
did him much credit, waved bis old hat to
the chairman and shouted out: "Mr.
Chairman, I make a motion that this
gentleman be given ten minutes to present
his side of the question," [Shouts of
lauehter.l
Senator Allen, the chairman, stated,
however, that Senator Stewart did not de
sire to speak further.
Senator Butler of North Carolina ex
pressed regret that the convention had
not given a respectful hearing to the "ven
eraMe and distinguished Senator from
Nevada."
Major Guthrie of North Carolina said,
in behalf of the delegation of North Caro
lina and the State of North Carolina, he
desired in this hall and before this as
sembled convention to tender to Senator
Stewart of Nevada their sincere and grate
ful acknowledgments. It was that Sen
ator who had caused him (Mr. Guthrie) to
change his politics. They were ready, he
said, to take the "boy orator of the Piatte."
They were willing to make a treaty of
peace, but not to surrender the People's
party organization. He seconded Skin
ner.
North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon and Rnode
Island seconded the nomination of Mr.
Watson.
Pennsylvania when called declined to
take up tbe time of the convention.
South Dakota seconded Mr. Page of Vir
ginia.
Kentucky, which had been passed, pre
sented the young orator, Mr. Taylor, who
seconded the nomination of Mr. Minims.
Texas seconded the name of Frank
Burkitt of Mississippi.
When Virginia was called General Field
seconded Mr. Page.
Mr. Winter of Washington seconded the
nomination of Mr. Watson.
The States of West Virginia, Wisconsin
and Wyoming favored Watson.
"Cyclone" Davis of Texas was put for
ward as the spoekesman for Indian Terri
tory and made one of his characteristic
flowery speeches seconding Watson.
Rev. Dr. Kent of Washington, D. OL,
was the spokesman of that delegation.
He had come to the convention, he said,
with head and heart full of sympathy
with the great principles of the party, and
yet he had come for the purpose of casting
the vote of the District of Columbia for
Bryan and Sewall [applause and counter
demonstration], and if the delegates would
behave like gentlemen he would state his
reasons.
"If," said he, addressing the delegates,
"you are strong enough to carry this vote
without the aid of the Democratic party,
carry it with men who can stand upon the
principles of the party. I would rejoice if
the People's party could sweep the coun
try and build up a civilization breathing
the spirit of co-operation, not of competi
tion. But I remember that the men and
women whom I see before me to-night
have been raised under the competitive
system, and I see them standing for tbe
interest of their own States and localities."
He reminded delegates that politics
ought to be the science and art of self-gov
ernment, and he asked them very point
edly if they thought they had learned the
art of self-government enough to manage
this Nation. [Applause and laughter].
"I am a greater socialist," he continued,
"tLan most of those I see here. I am
what you call a socialist, but I am for
practical politics. If one mac was at the
head of the organization as one man is at
the head of an army, what course do you
think he would advise — nay, what course
would he command you to take in order
to win victory? I wiil leave you to answer
that. I bid you beware what steps you
are taking. I think you would have done
wiser if you had indorsed the Democratic
platform." [Cheers and counter-demon
stration].
At this point General Weaver, with an
obvious knowledge of the grave import of
the telegrams which had passed between
Jones and Bryan, ascended the platform,
and in earnest tones stated that the grav
ity of the situation was such as to require
that each delegation should have an op
portunity to consult.
This suggestion was received with loud
cries of "No." Then General Weaver
made another proposition that one vote
should be taken and then an adjourment
taken until to-morrow. This was also
bowled down and the chairman took a
hand. He said the leaders of the party
had been driven away from that platform
therein, or if they can be purchased at a reasonable price, and the Government shall
operate said railroads as public highways for the benefit of the whole people and not
in the interest of the few, under suitable provisions for protection of life and property,
giving to all transportation interests equal privileges and equal rates for fares and
freights.
3. We denounce the present infamous schemes for refunding these debts, and
demand that the laws now applicable thereto be executed and administered according
to their intent and spirit.
4. The telegraph, like the postoffice system, being a necessity for the trans
mission of news, should be owned and operated by the Government in the interest of
the people.
THIRD-LAND.
1. True policy demands that National and State legislation shall be such as
will ultimately enable every prudent and industrious citizen to secure a home, and
therefore the land should not be monopolized for speculative purposes. All lands
now held by railroads and other corporations in excess of their actual needs should
by lawful means be reclaimed by the Government and held for actual settlers only,
and private land monopoly, as well as alien ownership, should be prohibited.
2. We condemn the frauds by which the land-grant Pacific railroad companies
have, through the connivance of the Interior Department, robbed multitudes of
actual bona-fide settlers of their homes and miners of their claims, and we demand
legislation by Congress which will enforce the exception of mineral land grants after
as well as before patent.
3.11 We demand that bona-fide settlers on all public lands be granted free homes,
as provided in the National homestead law, and that no exception be made in the
case of Indian reservations ween opened for settlement, and that all lands not now
patented come under this demand.
FOURTH— DIRECT LEGISLATION.
We favor a system of direct legislation through the initiative ana referendum,
under proper constitutional safeguards.
GENERAL PROPOSITIONS.
1. We demand the election of President and Vice-President and United States
Senators by a direct vote of the people.
2. We tender to the patriotic people of Cuba our deepest sympathy in their heroic
struggle for-political freedom and independence, and we believe the time has come
when the United States, ihe great Republic of the world, should recognize that Cuba
is, and of right ought to be, a free and independent State.
3. We favor home rule in the Territories and the District of Columbia and the
early admission of the Territories as States.
4. All public salaries should be made to correspond to the price of labor and its
products.
5. In time of great industrial depression idle labor should be employed on publio
works as fast as practicable.
6. The arbitrary course of the courts in assuming to imprison citizens for indi
rect contempt and ruling them by injunction should be prevented by proper
legislation.
7. We favor just pensions for our disabled Union soldiers.
8. Believing that the elective franchise and an untrammeled ballot are essential
to government of and by the people, the People's party condemn the wholesale
system of disfranchisement adopted in ?ome of the States as unrepublican aud un
democratic, and we declare it to be the duty of the several State Legislatures to take
such action as will secure a full, free and fair ballot and an honest count.
9. While the foregoing propositions constitute the platform upon which our
party stands and for the vindication of which its organization will Le maintained we
recognize that the great and pressing issue of the pending campaien upon which the
present Presidential election will turn is the financial question, and upon this great
»nd specific issue between the parties we cordially invite the aid and co-operation of
all organizations and citizens agreeing with us upon this vital question.
to-night, and he asked if there were enough
patriotism and decency in the gentlemen
on the floor and in the galleries to accord
a respectful hearing to any one.
The audience, shamed into silence,
quieted down, but the hour of midnight
being now past all further attempts at
remonstrance was abandoned and the con
vention rushed to its fate.
The voting for Vice-President began at
12:05 a.m. The call of the roli was com
pleted at 12:25. Then Mr. Burkitt of Mis
sissippi took the stand to withdraw his
name and to ask hjs friends to change
their votes to other candidates.
Mr. Mirams of Tennessee next suggested
to his friends that they cast their votes for
Watson.
Then changing of votes began, and dele
gates almost tumbled over one another to
change their votes to Watson.
Finally Texas ciianged 103 to Watson
and settled it. A motion was made to
suspend tbe rules and make Watson the
unanimous choice of the convention. This
was done, and the next moment tbe lights
went out. This threw a damper on the
usual circus parade, which had been ar
ranged for. The hall remained in almost
total darkness, except for candles which
the reporters supplied. The band struck
up and the sergeant s-at-arms implored the
audience not to be stampeded. A horrible
din rose out of the darkness and the "re
peater 1 vainly shouted, "Come to order I"
At sixteen minutes to 1 o'clock the elec
tric lights came back to life and tbe chair
announced that Mr. Watson had been de
clared the unanimous nominee for Vice-
President.
General Weaver again tried to get the
convention to adjourn, but was cried
down.
The chairman announced that the next
order of business was the selection of a
National committee. Tbe convention re
fused to accept and tbe chairman retorted,
" That's your order of business any
how." He put tbe motion to adjourn and
declared It carried, and at 12:50 a. m. the
convention adjourned until j a. m. to
morrow.
BRYAN'S DECLINATION.
Refuses to Accept Indorsement by
the Populists Because Sewall
Is Turned Down.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 24.— William J.
Bryan will not accept a nomination at the
hands of the Populists if they turn down
his running mate, Sewall of Maine. This
announcement is made on the authority
of Mr. Bryan himself. Senator Jones of
Arkansas, chairman of the National Demo
cratic Committee, who has been in the
city for the past week laboring to secure
the indorsement of the full Chicago tictet,
has frowned upon the proposition to
"split" the Populist ticket and has been
charged with having positively told the
leaders that they must nominate Bryan
and Sewall or do nothing at all.
It has been evident to Senator Jones for
the past forty-eight hours that he could
not wean over the men who have been so
bitter in their antagonism to Mr. Sewall
on account of his identification with a
National bank, against which system the
platform adopted this afternoon inveighs.
As soon as the convention decided to
nominate the Vice-President first Senator
Jones wired Mr. Bryan at his home in
Lincoln as follows:
St. Louis— The Populisti have decided to
nominate tne Vice-President first. If it is not
Sewall what shall we do? I favor your de
clination in that event. James K. Jones.
Mr. Bryan certainly did not hesitate
long in determining the character of bis
reply. Senator Jones within sixteen
minutes after he sent his message had the
following reply handed to him in bis
room at the Planters' Hotel:
Lincoln— l agree with you fully. If Sewall
is not nominated have my name withdrawn.
W. J. Bktan.
Senator Jones made no secret of the re
ceipt of this telegram, which probably
means much for the Populists now as
sembled in convention, the length of
which has already become irksome to
some of the delegates. The telegram was
sbown to a number of the Senator's per
sonal friends and then sent to the conven
tion hall to be read at the right time.
To a representative of the United Press
Senator Jones said it was manifestly im
possible for Mr. Bryan to accept a nomi
nation from the Populists upon a ticket
which repudiated his associate. There
was nothing left for him to do but with
draw and as soon as the convention had
carried out the fixed purposes, he said, the
Populists would be enlightened as to Mr.
Bryan's course. Further than this Chair
man Jones did not care to talk to-night.
WHITNEY'S TALK
IS DISCUSSED,
Politicians of the Two Old
Parties Give It Earn
est Attention.
WHAT IT REALLY MEANS
An Overture to the Republicans
to Modify Their Tariff
Programme.
AND TAKE IN GOLD DEMOCRATS
A Suggestion That Protection Be
Sacrificed in the Interest of
Sound Money.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 24.-At
both the political headquarters in this city
earnest attention of politicians was at
tracted to-day to the interview with Wil
liam C. Whitney. The same interpreta
tion was put upon the interview by all
who discussed it, whether Republican or
Democrat, that Mr. Whitney has made a
plea to the Republicans to render it pos
sible for the gold Democrats of tbe East
and North to come into the Republican
camp this fall for the purpose of voting
for the cold standard and aiding in killing
free silver. It was agreed that the inter
view virtually amounted to Mr. Whitney
asking the Republicans to modify their at
titude upon public questions — presumably
tbe tariff issue — to a point which would be
possible for Democrats to accept.
By some Democrats it was taken to
mean that Mr. W< itney believes tbe con
servative men of his party in the East are
already in a frame of mind to take a some
what advanced position upon the tariff
question over their Western colleagues
with free-trade inclinations.
in proof of this assestion they cite the
fight which was made in the Senate on
the Wilson bill by Eastern Democratic
Senators holding out as they did for higher
rates of duty in certain cases than the
House proposed. It is claimed that East
ern Democrats are ready to go still fur
ther in the direction of higher tariff
duties in order to be able to take a po
sition upon the financial question if the
Republicans will but show a spirit of
friendliness and abate in some degree
their adherence to the extreme views they
are supposed to entertain upon the tariff.
It is explained that the Democrats can
not, even for the sake of sound money, go
the whole length of the proposed Repub
lican tariff programme, but if the Repub
licans are willing to moderate their plans
common ground may be found upon which
the Democrats can assemble with them.
In political circles here, from the ex
pressions already current upon the sub
ject, it is evident that Mr. Whitney's ap
peal does not meet with favor in Republi
can circles. The keynote to this feeling
was sounded by a distinguished Repub
lican, who in conversation with a Call
correspondent said:
"The trouble is here: We consider a
protective tariff as the very bedrock of
prosperity in this country. It is this prin
ciple that Mr. Whitney asks ua to com
promise."
Continuing the argument it was held
that Mr. Whitney was in a measure incon
sistent in his demands. He starts out
upon the basis that the highest patriotic
duty of the average American citizen now
is to stand firm for a gold standard and all
it is claimed to represent. Yet the people
whom Mr. Whitney represents, instead of
laying aside all scruples and attaching
themselves to the duty they point out, de
mand that Republicans shall first recede
from loyalty to one of tbe original princi
ples of their party, in order to hold out a
helpintr hand to assist gold Democrats to
perform a duty they themselves realize de
volves upon them.
Of course it is realized at a time when j
there is a prospect of the Democratic ticket ]
getting the Populist support and a possi
ble proportion of the Republican free-sil
ver vote that the accession of this gold
Democratic strength to the Republican
ranks would be welcome, but there is a
strong indisposition at this moment
among many Republicans to gain it by
the sacrifice of any tariff principles.
BILL'S PARTY PEALTY.
Republication of an Old Speech Amuses
the Politician:
WASHINGTON. D. C, July 24.— The
Evening Times created something of a
political sensation to-night by rehashing
a speech of Senator B. Hill, delivered in
the Senate last May. It was in reply to
Senator Tillman, who had dramatically
threatened to bott the Democratic con
vention if it resolved for gold. Senator
Hill rebuked Tillman for his disloyalty
and said in part :
"Sir, no matter what may be in store for
us in the next campaign, come victory or
defeat, come sunshine or shadow, come
weal or woe, there is where I will be found
again in behalf of whoever may be the
Democratic candidate and whatever may
be the National Democratic platform in
the campaign. Ido not expect to have
my Democracy stained in so doing. I
have confidence in the wisdom of the
Democratic masses and the Democratic
party.
"1 hope that my friend, the Senator
from South Carolina, and I will not part
company at the doors of the convention.
I do not even know that I shall be there
as a delegate to represent in part the De
mocracy of my State. I may be so hon
ored and I may not be, but I will go there
with no threat; I will be there with no
menace; I will go there expectinc to have
my say, to speak my sentiments and to
abide by the result of the convention when
when it is ended."
The publication of this speech to-day
created a great deal of amusement among
the politicians, who declare that there is
only one thing for Hill to do— support the
Bryan and Sewail ticket
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
A. Warship for Japan's Xexo Xavy May
Be Built i-n This City.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 24.—Repre
sentatives of the Japanese Government
arrived here to-night from New York. As
previously announced, they have invited
bids from Cramp Bios, and the Union
Iron Works, which firms are deemed
capable of turning out the finest of ves
sels. The bids were submitted to the
Japanese Minister in Washington. The
Japanese Government will receive bids
only from the Cramps and the Union Iron
Works for the two fast cruisers. Tbe
national type of vessel was specified as
that of the Yoshino, one of Japan's navy's
recent acquisitions. The Japanese Govern
ment gave only a meager outline of the
plans it wished followed, as the Emperor
desired to avail himself of American idea-j
in the construction of new ships. As a
result, there have been placed in the hands
of the Japanese legation here plans em
bodying many novelties, which the two
largest firms in this corn try are capable of
producing.
Tbe prices submitted will be regarded
as confidential for the present, but price
will probably not enter largely into the
matter, as it is understood to be the desire
of tbe Japanese Government to distribute
a large share of its ship-building patron
age in America. Tbe chief object is to
get the best ships that can be built and
the United States will have to compete
with ship- building firms ot France.
Dr. D. F. Ragan of San Francisco, who
has been studying in the clinics and
hospitals of New York City, was in
Washington to-day. He left for home
this afternoon, via Chicago.
J. F. McNeely of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the Metropolitan.
Pensions were granted as follows:
California: Original — Noel Fagnella,
Veterans' Home, Napa; James Fields,
Santa Cruz. Original widows— Mary E.
Jones, South Los Angeles; Margaret Mc-
Kinney, lone; Mary Meyer, San Fran
cisco.
Oregon: Original — Robert D. Forrest,
Prairie City; Windsor Wells, Seaton.
Washington : Original (special July 16)
— George T. Myers, Sumner. Reissue —
Daniel Alexander, Junita, Original wid
ows—Minors of Byron Blain, Palouse.
International Chess Tournament.
NUREMBURG, Bavabia, July 24.— The
chess players commenced to-day the fifth
round of tbe international chess tourna
ment, the results being as follows: Marco
beat Schallopp, Schlechter beat Winawer.
Lasker beat Showalter, Schiffers beat
Teichmann, Blackburn beat Pillsbury,
Albion beat Charousek, Tscbigorin beat
Porges, Walbrodt and Steinitz drew, Tar
rasch beat Janowsky and Marocsy had a
bye. The game which was left unfinished
yesterday between Winawer and Cha
rousek was drawn.
NO DIVISION ON
THE MAIN ISSUES,
Unanimity of Purpose Dur
ing the Framing of
the Platform.
MANY HOURS' DISCUSSION
Joseph Asbury Johnson Tells of
the Night Wrestle With
the Planks.
HARMONY AS TO PRINCIPLES.
Events Disclcse a Most Singular
Political Condition With Possibili
ties of Success. ■
The Call's Headquabtebs, )
Hotel Lin dell, >
St. Louis. Mo., July 24.)
After twenty hours of work as a mem
ber of the committee on platform, I am
once more free, and turn to the readers oi
The Call. Contrary to the press reports
and the apprehension of many earnest
Populists that there would be a deter
mined effort made to construct a platform
which would conform as near as possible
to the Chicago platform. I saw no evi
dence of it, except in the persistent objec
tions of General Weaver to prevent any
open expression of tbe irredeemability of
paper money. In all other respects there
was a notable freedom in discussion and
action on all subjects under considera
tion.
Indeed, the unanimity of purpose and
feeling developed during the long hours of
discussion is rarely seen in the framing of
political platforms. It is undeniable that
there is no division of feeling among Pop
ulists over the recognized issues of the
party. There is such harmony among
them as to the principles of the party as
our country has not seen before in any
other political party. And this union is
growing stronger as closer study and
larger experience widen the vision and in
crease the devotion of Populists.
I have tried to make it clear why it is
that the People's party will hold together
tenaciously in the present crisis. Differ
as Populists may over the policy to be
pursued at this time in the cnoice of
Presidential candidates and as to all the
other peculiar complications which have
arisen out of the silver attitude of the new
Democracy and its overtures for an alli
ance with the People's party, I can see no
reason to fear that the party will degen
erate or lose its integrity by the peculiar
companionship thus suddenly forced
upon it.
I confess that it is a singular political
condition. It has great possibilities of
success, if strict honor and broad sym
pathy shall govern the relations of the
unprecedented alliance, but I am not over
sanguine that the outcome will prove to
be a victory for the allied forces, since it is
so unlikely that strict honor and broad
sympathy will rule the campaign. But it
is hazardous 10 predict the results of an
alliance which is without precedent. Your
correspondent begs off to-night. He had
but three hours' sleep last night and had
written the above outline in the conven
tion while the nominating speeches for
Vice-Presidential candidates are being
made. With the strain of the platform
committee work done and a night's rest I
shall have something to say to-morrow.
Joseph Asbury Johnson.
Struck the Oovernor.
COLUMBIA, S. C, July 24.— While Gov
ernor Evans was addressing a political
meeting at Orange to-day Judge Joseph
H. Earle took offense at : the Governor for
some allusion to him and struck the Gov
ernor. The latter returned the blow, land
ing on Earle's eye, drawing blood. . ..
| The whole assemblage was wild with ex
citement and many revolvers i were drawn,
but the trouble subsided after the parties
had been separated. There was also a
lively passage-at-arms between Generals
Watts and Richbourg, candidates for Ad
jutant-General, the latter telling Watts
finally that he .would hold ; him personally
responsible for what he had said.
♦
Ditastrous Failure at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., July 24.— Parkhurst &
Wilkinson, wholesale hardware merchants,
assigned to-day. The firm has been con
sidered a wealthy one and it is believed
that the amount involved in the failure is
over $200,000.
This' morning a receiver was appointed
for the East Chicago Iron and Steel Com
pany. This concern is indirectly inter
ested with Parkhurst & Wilkinson, Park
hurst being president of the company.
HEW TO-DAY.
All humanity looks to a leader; in war, in poli-
tics, in business. In clothing, for instance— every
one Knows the leader.
Yes, he's heard of the Advance
Fall styles in Men's .and Young
Men's Suits just in at Roos Bros.
An elaborate display of checks
and over-plaids in all fabrics and
shades — the most fastidious can
be suited.
Our prices — $10, $12 and $14.
Would cost you double if made
to order.
See Kearny-street window.
Catalogue and samples free— by mail.
34
FATAL FLOODS
IN COLORADO,
Ten Persons Killed by an
Awful Cloudburst at
' Golden.
THE TOWN SUBMERGED.
Campers in Morrison Canyon
Supposed to Have Been
Swept Away.
RAILEOAD LINES DESTKOYED.
Reports of Farther Casualties Still
Coming in From Different
Points.
DENVER, Colo., July 24.— A cloudburst
struck the town of Golden, twelve miles
north of this city, shortly alter 6 o'clock
to-njght, and deluged the place. The
bridge across Clear Creek at Fourth street
wm carried away. There were eight or
ten people on it at the time, and it is b«
lieved all were lost. Others living on the
opposite Bide of the creek were carried
away by the flood and are thought to be
drowned. The telegraph wires are down,
and the only communication is by tele
phone. Rescuers are now at work search
ing for the bodies.
A number of houses have been com
pletely swept away, and the water at a
late hour to-night is still several feet deep
in the dwellings bordering on the creek.
The town is in total darkness, and it is
with the greatest difficulty that the Fire
Department, assisted by scores of citizens,
was enabled to search submerged districts.
At 10:30 p. m. it is impossible to say
what the loss will be in either property or
life. A man just arrived here reports at
least ten lives lost. So far the only bodies
recovered are those of Mr. and Mrs. John
son, an aged couple, who lived in Clark's
Addition, in Tucker Gulch, which is yet
entirely under water.
Two men who were seen struggling in
the water were carried down stream,
where they succeeded in catching limbs of
trees and dragging themselves to the
shore. Tne only bridge left standing be
tween the two parts of the town is the
avenue bridge, and that is in such danger
ous condition that it cannot be used.
The town is full of scenes of wretched
ness and misery, and hours will be neces
sary to tell the full extent of the horror.
Reports were received at the Union de
pot to-nignt of extensive floods on the Rio
Grande, between Pueblo and Trinidad,
and the Gulf, between Pueblo and Colo
rado Springs. Cloudbursts caused the
damage. At Franceville Junction, be
' low Colorado Springs, 600 feet of the Gulf
tracks and the telephone wires are com
pletely washed away. Trains, much be
hind time are being run on the Santa Fe.
The cloudburst sent a great flood of
water down Morrison Canyon, eighteen
miles west of Denver, late this afternoon
and it is believed many people lost their
lives. Morrison reports twenty-five peo
ple drowned near that town. Campers
and summer tourists from Denver and
other points, in tents and cottages, are
located along the canyon for several miles.
Old residents and ranchers rushed down
to the camps when they realized the ex
tent of the storm, but they were too late.
Names cannot be learned to-night.
As far as known three lives have been
lost . The dead are :
Mrs. J. F. Edwards and Mr. and Mrs. A.
Johnson.
The dead at Morrison :
Mrs. A. 8. Proctor and four children.
Mrs. Moses Miller and three children.
Mrs. J. F. Casey and five children.
Mrs. Harris and four children.
Others are believed to be drowned, and
the total list will aggregate fully twenty
five persons. The foregoing list are Den
ver families.
When the Ford-street bridge went out
the water spread all over Ford street and
the surrounding bottoms, four to seven
feat deep. Mrs. D. H. Turner and family
were rescued by firemen and carried
through three feet of water. Her three
children were also saved. Farther down
the river many families were rescued with
ropes and planks by the firemen.
An unknown man was swept away half
a mile below the bridge, as he was seen in
a place just before the torrent passed over
the spot. A large number of men were
living in cabins above and below the town
engaged in placer mining, and it is feared
that the sudden rise swept some of them
away.
Golden lies at the end ol a canyon where
it debouches into the plains. The streets
are steep and slope to the creek sides. The
- water caught by a half dozen mountains
came into the streets and took everything
of a movable character with It.
The lights went out and travel was
dangerous in the inky darkness.
Bowlders three feet in diameter were
rolled down on the Gulf road. Sand cov
ers the track to a depth of three feet in
the city. The lower part of the north
side known as Goosetown was overrun
with water, but no one has been able to
get to it to inspect its condition. Reports
are out that the wbole country east of
here was flooded and crops rained. No
idea of the amount of loss to property can
be obtained at present.
Viola Foster of Denver, whose father is
a tentmaker, waß with the party known to
have been lost. She was carried down
stream by the great wave for a distance,
when parties heard tier cries and managed
to rescue her. Her companions, who had
been living in a house just below the town,
were swept away, and all must have been
drowned.
All of the bridges across Bear Creek
were swept away. It is impossible to tret
across to learn if any fatalities occurred.
There was a big storm up the canyon be
fore the great wave came down, but no
body considered it dangerous. It proved,
however, to be a great cloudburst, and
"when the wave came down the canyon it
found everybody unprepared.
ifJSASTERS JX THE BAST.
Loss of liifc ana Damage to Property by
the Jtaina.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., July 24.— Heavy
rains in Eastern Kentucky caused loss of
life and damage to property and crops
yesterday and last night. A colored boy
was drowned at Nepton and Mrs. James
Peyton wns drowned near Taylorsvllle.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, July 24,-It has
been raining almost continually for the
past three days in this section, and as a
result this city is flooded. The entire East
End is inundated, and hundreds of bouses
*re under water. All railroad traffic is
stopped, and people are being moved from
their houses in boats. Several camping
parties were rescued from tree tops to-day,
but so far as learned no lives were lost.
CLARKSBURG, W. Va., July 24.—
Eighteen houra of steady rain was fol
lowed by a cloudburst this afternoon and
in a few minutes the- river rose ten feet.
Cherry Camp and other small towns near
Clarksburg were submerged and it is
feared the worst is to come, as the river is
rising a foot an hour. In Taylor County,
the loss to farmers will be immense.
Railroad property throughout Ohio,
West Virginia and Indiana has been dam
aged to such an extent that several roads
have been compelled to suspend traffic.
SEATTLE DOCTOR'S OFFENSE.
Mrs. Dawson's Physician Accused of Vio-
lating Professional Ethics in the
Late Divorce Suit.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 24.— An unusual
case and one creating much discussion
among professional men, especially physi
cians, has grown out of tne celebrated
Dawson divorce case. Dr. F. S. Coe, one
of the leading physicians of this city and
State, has been cited to appear before the
Kine County Medical Society and prove
that he did not, during the trial of the
divorce suit, flagrantly violate professional
ethics in giving certain testimony on
behalf of the plaintiff, Dr. L. K. Dawson.
Mrs. Dawson, so the doctor averred when
on the witness-stand, came to him as a
patient and asked that he give her some
kind of drug to quicken the heart's action,
so that her husband, Dr. Dawson, would
conclude, after an examination, that it
would be necessary to send her away on a
trip. It was her desire to go on a pleasure
tour to California, but her liege lord had
refused to give his consent.
Dr. Coe stated in detail another conver
sation, extremely delicate in its nature,
with Mrs. Dawson, concerning certain
weaknesses to which the fair patient con
fessed. . . ;, .
PORTLAND VESSEL LOST,
Fire Destroys the Steamship
Messenger in Dock at
St. Helens.
The Captain, His Wife and the Crew
Narrowly Escape Death in the
Flames.
ST. HELENS. Ob., July 24.— The
steamer Messenger, owned by the Shaver
Transportation Company, and running
temporarily in the place of the Young
America between Portland and St. Helens,
was burned to the water's edge this morn
ing about 1 o'clock. Captain and Mrs.
Church, with the crew, had a hairbreadth
escape from burning with the steamer.
The fire resulted from the explosion of a
kerosene lamp in the cabin.
All hands except the watchman were in
bed and asleep, be being on the freight
deck, so far from tbe fire that the flames
had full control by the time they were
noticed. The watchman's first duty was
to roHse tho Bleeping inmates of the cabin.
By the time they had been got on to the
wbarf the Messenger was a mass of flames.
The boat lay at Muckle Bros.' wharf, and
had it not been for the splendid service
rendered by the St. Helens fire depart
ment the large mill owned by this firm,
together with its lumber-yard, would have
been destroyed.
•.The Messenger was a stern-wheel steam
er, 100 feet long, 16 feet beam and 3 feet
draft. Her cargo tonnage was 125.45 tons
net. She was built in Portland in
1891 and was valued at about $6000.
The escape of Mrs. Church from the
burning vessel, with her baby in her arms,
was thrilling in the extreme. The mother
had exhausted the last minute of time in
wrapping her little one snugly from the
cold night air. As she reached the steam
er's rail had not ready bands been there to
draw her from the pursuing tongues of
fire Mrs. Church and her child would have
been victims of the flames.
FIRE AT LA GRANDE.
The Uuntington Block and It* Content*
LA GRANDE, Ob., July 20.- Fire broke
out in the riuntington block at an early
hour yesterday morning and soon de
stroyed the building, which was divided
into three compartments used as stores,
together with its contents. The fire at
first was confined principally between tbe
ceiling and roof of the building— a one
story structure — so that great difficulty
was experienced in getting water upon
tbe flame?. Almost immediately after the
breaking out of the tire the stores in the
building became filled with smoke, mak
ing it impossible to save any of the goods
which they contained. The origin of tbe
tore is not known.
The principal losses are: A. C. Hunt
ington $4000, insurance $3000; G. H. Curry
$3500, insurance $2000; D. F. Pierce $1500,
insurance $1000; G. H. RiohJey $2000, in
surance $1000.
DAMAGE AROUND TANCOUTER.
Forest Fires Sttll Burning in Section* of
the Province.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 24. — The
forest fires which for ten days have been
raging around the cities of British Colum
bia are burning yet. The atmosphere is
so heavy with smoke that at night it is
difficult to breathe. The damage In the
aggregate is large. Besides houses, barns
and fences burned along the line of the
Great Northern to the south, along the
Nanaimo and Esquimau Railway and at
Alberni mining camps on Vancouver
Island, trreat damage was done along the
Fraser River, where floods recently de
vastated large sections. On Buraas Moun
tain many settlers have been forced to flee
for their lives and at a distance see their
houses and barns consumed by tbe flames.
Magnificent forests have been destroyed
in various parts of the province.
Conflagration at W infer*.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 24.— A large
stable belonging to F. J. Barney of Win
ters was totally destroyed by fire last even
ins. The stable was one of the finest and
most complete in Yolo County and was
valued at $5000.
lire on a Xapa Ranch.
NAPA, Cal., July 24.— The barn and
contents on the stock farm of Adolph
Srreckels was burned early this morning.
The fire is supposed to have been started
by a tramp while smoking.
A Home Stolen at Fresno.
FRESNO. Cal., July 24.-Burglars en
tered the barn of D. H. Cubb, on N street, i
last night and stole a valuable mare and
carriage. They had first entered an in
closed ' porch in.'the ? rear of : Mr. Cubb's
house and taken about $100 worth of gro
ceries ? and tabiewar*. The horse and ;
buggy . are valued "at '■■ $150. Mr. Ciibb and
family were sleeping in the bouse at the
time. There is no clew to the thieves.
•During toe past week a large number of
rough characters ? have arrived in town
with the } annual . influx of laborers who
come daring fruit season.
•' -.;■ « ♦ — m "■ " i . ' \f'V
A clever article on Greed and Gold in Barry's 1
Star to-day. / •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
SANTA CLARAS
COLORED CLUB.
The Afro- American League
Prominent in County
Politics.
WORKING FOR M'KINLET
Adopts Resolutions Indorsing
the Republican Platform
and Ticket
WIELDS STRONG INFLUENCE.
Leaders in the Organization Are
Pioneers of tbe Golden
West.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 24.— A political
organization that will figure prominently
in Santa Clara County politics this fall is
the League of this city.
OFFICERS OF THE SAN JOSE AFRO-AMERICAN LEAGUE.
This Organization, Which Wields a Strong Influence Among the 300 Col
ored Voters of Santa Clara County, Has Passed Strong Resolutions
Indorsing the Platform and Nominees of the Republican National
Convention.
The league has passed strong resolutions
indorsing the platform and nominees of
the Republican National Convention, and
will aid in rolling up a large majority for
McKinley and protection in this county.
Its membership includes the most promi
nent colored citizens of this city, and it
wields a strong influence among the 300
colored voters in fcanta Clara County.
The league was organized two years ago
by T. B. Morton of San Francisco, presi
dent of the executive board of the State
Afro-American league. It has a member
ship of about fifty. Meetings are held the
first and third Thursdays of each month.
The objects of the league are to advance
the interests of the colored people of tbe
county and to improve and better their
condition socially, religiously and politic
ally. Its growth is steady, and the organi
zation is in a prosperous condition.
At present the league members are con
ducting a canvass among the Afro-Ameri
can population of the county to ascertain j
the number of colored voters and to see |
that they are properly registered. Efforts
are also being made to materially increase
the league membership. In the canvass
and in matters socially the members are
greatly assisted by their wives and daugh
ters, under the leadership of Mrs. Jacob
Overton.
The president of tbe league, Jacob E.
Overton. is a Kentuckian and one of the
best-known colored men hi Central Cali
fornia. He crossed the plains to Cali
fornia in 1850. He has resided in this val
ley for twenty-five years ana for many
years has been engaged in the catering
business. He is prominent in colored \
lodge and society circles of this city. Ho
is a delegate to the Afro-American Con
gress, which meets in Los Angeles on
August 11.
William Whiting, the vice-president, is
a native of Virginia. He came to Cali
fornia at the close of the Civil War, in
which he had served with the Second Vir
ginia Regiment. He took part in the j
battles of Gettysburg, Cold Harbor, Ap
pomattox Courthouse and Petersburg.
He has been a resident of San Jose for
over twenty-five years, and has been very
successful in business. He will represent j
the league's interests at the Los Angeles '
congress.
Charles H. Debaptist Overton, the secre
tary, is a native son of the Golden West.
He was born in this county twenty-one
years ago. He i» one of the bright young
men of his race and a great worker in
their future advance. He is a stanch Re
publican and has done good work as secre
tary of the league. He was a member of
the graduating class of 1892 of the San Jose
High Bchool, and was held in tbe highest
esteem by his classmates. At the age of
18 he was initiated into the Odd Fellows
and is the youngest past officer on the
coast, being out 21 years of age. He has
been honored In his lod'.-e by election as
delegate to ths District Grand Lodge
which meets in Stockton August 3 and 4.'
The treasurer, Julius A. Ragsville, is a
prominent colored citizen. He is a native
of North Carolina, but has been a resident
of this city for a number of years.
The best-known colored man in this city
is \\ illiam H. Davis, who has resided in j
this valley for upward of tnirty years. He
is a native of Virginia and 76 years of age.
For fifteen years he occupied the position
of collector at the First National Bank,
but resigned his position on account of his
age a few years ago in favor of an adopted
son, A. D. French.
NATINAL PANTY NOMINEES.
Broad-Gauge Prohibitionist* Place a
Ticket in the Field.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 24.— The State
Convention of the National party (Broad
gauge Prohibitionists) yesterday elected
the following members of the State Cen
tral Committee: W. H. Bone, Mrs. H. S.
Tainton and : C. M. Chester, - Alameda
County; Jasper Johnson, Amador; John
Bldwell, Butte; H. Z. Michell, Calaveras;
William Shafer, Contra ■ Costa; J. G.
Rutherford, El Dorado; J. M. Glass and
Emma P. Border, Los Armeies: W. T.
Stewart, Monterey; R. B. Witner and Mrs.
L. H. Mills, Orange; George D. K "Hogg,
Flncer; C. H. Dunn, Sacramento; A. Cul
ver, San Luis Obispo; Rose M. French,
San Francisco; R. I. Knapp, San Mateo;
C. : M. Gldney, Santa Barbara; C. A. Tup
per, F. R. Shafer, W. Kelly and T. H.
Lawson, Santa Clara; S. Hilton, Shasta;
C. F. Withrow, Sierra: F. W. Hooper,
Siskiyou; Mrs. Jennie Chamberlain, So
lano; Garrison Turner, Stanislaus; M.
Wilcox, Tehama. The State Central Com
mittee was empowered to fill all vacancies.
The following were nominated as elec
tors: At large, John Bidwell and Henry
French ; First District, F. W. Hooper of
Siskiyou; Second, R. F. Burns of Placer;
Third, W. H. Bone of Alameda; Fourth,
Lewis .. ll arisen ; of San Francisco; Fifth,
William Kelly of Santa Clara; Sixth, Jes
sie Yarnell of Los Angeles; Seventh,
Gairison Turner of Modesto. ; :v-:
For Congress the following were nomi-
nated: First District, S. Hilton, of Shasta
County; Third, William Shafer of Contra
Costa; Fifth, T. H. Lawson of Santa
Clara. The selection of other candidates
was referred to the State Central Com
mittee. J. M.- Glass of ; Pasadena was
nominated for. Lieutenant-Governor, and
Chauncey H. Dunn of Sacramento for
United States Senator. . . .
The State Central Committee was or
ganized by the election of George D. Kel
logg vice-chairman, C. A. Tupper secre
tary and F. R. Shatter treasurer.
. These officers, with the chairman, to be
elected later, and C. H. Dunn, Rose M,
French and C. M. Chester, were appointed
as an executive committee. George D.
Kellogg, F. R. Shatter, C. A. Tupper, C.
M. Chester and T. E. Crowe were ap
pointed as a purity of ' election committee.
•
NEWALL MAX WITHDRAW.
Likely to Be Slated for Secretary of the
Harp.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July Free-silver
Republicans of this city are much elated
to-night over the nomination by their
party at St. Louis of Bryan and Sewall,
but the selection of Watson as the Peo
ple's party Vice-Presidential- candidate
was not received with ereat favor by local
Populists. v Tne Populist sentiment ap
pears to have been for a straight-out nomi
nation or indorsement of both Bryan and
Bewail. Hon. John Wiley, a bolting Re
publican and leader of the free-silver forces
of this State, upon the announcement of
Watson's nomination said:. '
"Sewalt will no doubt withdraw from
the ticket by resignation and in the event
of Bryan's election, of wuicn result there
is scarcely a question, he. would make an
admirable 'Secretary of the Navy. Such
an arrangement may be already contem
plated. I think it is"."
♦ •—
Lorn Anvrles Ratification.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 24.—Elabo
rate preparations are now about com
pleted for a Bryan and Sewall ratification
meeting here to-morrow evening. Several
committees have been bard at work for
many days and it is expected that the
"unterriried" will be out in larpe numbers.
The plan contemplates a night street
parade and torchlight procession, com
posed of citizens, "Knights of Silver" and
bands galore from all the towns and vil
lages around Los Angeles, witb illumina
tions of red fire, firing of cannons and
speaking aft«r 9 o'clock at Hazards
Pavilion by Senator Stephen M. White
and other prominent Democratsand silver
men. General Johnslone Jones will be
the grand marshal and R F. Del Valle
will preside at the meetine. The proces
sion will be composedof several divisions
and clubs, and will pAs through the prin
cipal streets of the city.
Arrested at Stockton.
BTOCKTON, Cal., Jul7 24.- A. T. [Cox
was arrested here to-night by Deputy
Sheriff Black and Chiof of Police Kings
* y- He is wanted in San Francisco for
fraud for drawing two pensions, and a
deputy United States Marshal will arrive
to-morrow to take him back to San Fran
cisco.
FOUR DROWNED IN
WASHOUGAL RIVER,
Death Claims a Pleasure
Party From Vancouver
Barracks.
THEIR BOAT CAPSIZED.
Two Young Women and Their
Soldier Escorts Caught in
an Eddy.
ASSIST ANGE COMES TOO LATE.
Bodies of the Victims Plainly Saen
Through the Clear Waters of
the Stream.
VANCOUVER, Wash., July 24.— 8y the
overtnrnine of a rowboat in an eddy below
a milldam in the Washougal River, not
far from Vancouver, yesterday forenoon,
four persons were drowned. They were:
Henry L. Edson, corporal of the Four
teenth Infantry; Charles Morris, private,
of the Fourteenth Infantry band; Laura
Guard, 18 years old, of Vancouver; Emma
Young, 19 years old, of Vancouver. At a
late hour last night the bodies of the vic
tims were recovered and taken to Vancou
ver in the hospital ambulance ana an es
cort waeon from tbe barracks.
A company of young people went across
the Washougal to pick blackberries yester
day morning. They were using an old boat
which nad been secured from the mill and
which had been used by several boating
parties. Tbe blackberrying party started
at 10 o'clock to return to the camp, which
had been established on the other shore.
Miss Guard, Miss Young and the two
young men got into the boat. The craft
dipped water and the young ladies became
frightened. Their fright only added to
their danger and lightly counseling them
to "keep cool" the young men pushed off
for the other side.
The river is only forty feet wide at that
point, but it Is about sixteen fret deep and
the water swirls around in an eddy with
considerable force. The eddy caught the
rocking boat and upset it, precipitating
tbe occupants into tbe water. Miss Guard
and young Morris clung to the boat's
side and the other two went down almost
instantly.
Mrs. Lipscomb, in charge of the camp
ins party, was a witness to the accident.
Sho ran to tbe river bank just in time to
see Morris and Miss Guard clinging to tbe
boat. They were calling for help. Edson
and his companion had gone down. Mrs.
Lipscomb was helpless and could only
scream for help, which did not come in
time to save the lives of any of the four.
It was nearly an hour before the other
campers got back and learned of tbe dis
aster. The water was so clear that the
bodies of the four could be seen at the bot
tom of the creek.
The n«ws was brought to the city by
Private Irwin of the Fourteenth Infantry,
who arrived at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
It was a sad outing party that returned to
Vancouver.
The unfortunate young men and women
were well known, and their untimely end,
due to carelessness, it is thought, casts a
gloom over the city. Miss Laura Guard's
mother is a widow who lives at Vancouver,
and Miss Young is the daughter of a
farmer near the barracks. Edaon enlisted
in the Fourteenth Infantry at Seattle four
years ago. His brother, Colonel E. P.
Edson, is a prominent lawyer of Seattle.
Morris is a musician whose parents live at
Fort Sherman. He is a member of the
infantry band.
SKAGGS SPRINGS HEROINE
An Oakland Young Lady Braves
Death and Is Nearly
Vanquished.
Ascends a Precipitous Reck and Is
With Dilficulty Rescued From
Her High Perch.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., July 24.— The
guests of Skaggs Springs were thrown into
an uproar yesterday when the news was
brought in that one of a party of moun
tain climbers from the springs'was occupy
ing a dangerous position on top of a huge
rock 100 feet above the ground and utterly
unable to reach terra firma. A party of
Oakland and San Francisco people had
started out in the morning to view the
sights from the top of the highest peak in
the neighborhood. About four miles from
the springs, and in one of the wildest
spots in the vicinity, a precipitous rock
100 feet in height tops a barren mountain
peas. Several of the party attempted to
scale this rock without success, and all but
one declared the feat impossible.
Tho one who thought it possible was
Miss Sadie Meyerfriendz, well known in
Oakland society. After several futile at
tempts this venturesome Miss reached the
top. But when she looked around from
her lofty perch she w^s overcome by a fit
of dizziness and began calling for assist
ance. The young men in the party were
unequal to the task of rescuing the help
less girl and a messenger was dispatched
in haste for ropes, ladders and a large
basket. Footholds were dug in the face of
the rock and a ladder was fixed in posi
tion, but it was soon found to be too short
to admit of the young lady reaching tbe
top rung without great danger.
The now badly frightened girl refused to
attempt the descent and it remained for a
bright young man from San Francisco to
accomplish the rescue. He attached long
ropes to the big basket and passed the
loose ends clear over the rock. The young
lady was induced to trust her 120 pounds
in this frail support, and several pairs of
strong arms allowed the fair freight to
dump down the sides of the rock amid the
screams of the principal actress and the
loud cheers of her friends.
Sentenced for a Calico Killing.
BAN BERNARDINO, Cal., July 24.—
A det>uty Sheriff to-day took E. P. Bcol
iard north to verve his sentence of seven
years' imprisonment in San Quentin. On
May 17 Scollard killed Albert P. Roland in
a saloon fight at Calico, in this county.
At the time of the tragedy two men were
fighting over a game of cards, and Scollard I
attempted no; separate them. One of the
men then attacked Scollard, who drew a
revolver and fatally shot Roland.
\ '-' '. ' ♦'. '.
JOINT DEBATE AT TULARE.
Gold and Silver Forceti Clash on a lit c-
ture Platform.
TULARE, Cal., July 24.— The forces of
gold and silver were pitted against each
other to-night at Library Hall, by A. J.
Pillsbury of Tulare. and J. W. Martin of
Woodville engaging in a joint debate.
Pillsbury argued for the continuance ol
the present gold standard, while J. W.
Martin advocated the freo and unlimited
coinage of silver. The audience was large
and gave both speakers generous applause.
An admission fee of 10 cents was charged,
the proceeds to be given to the Equal
Suffrage Club of Tulare.
Mrs. W. W. Wtiittington presided and
introduced the speakers. A quartet con
sisting of Messrs. Oakford and Carkeek,
Mrs. V-. "W. Tozer and Miss Pearl Thomp
son ojfcned the entertainment with appro
priate songs composed by Mrs. A. D. B.
Palmer. The silver song was rendered,
Mrs. Toeer leading. It begins with the
lines:
Sixteen to one Is the battle cry-
Martin will tell you way.
This was given a hearty encore and the
quartet responded wfth the gold song, be
ginning:
Bo vote for good sound money—
Tne shining yellow gold,
Passing in any country where things are bought
and sold.
It has a standard value; It never, never flops;
'Tls good for old-line Democrats, Republicans and
"tops "
In their harangues the debaters went
over the ground which forms the bass of
financial argument from end to end of this
broad laud. The "crime of '73" and Lom
bard street were "swatted" by Martin, but |
his attacks were ably met and repelled by
his adversary. Pillsbury twitted Martin
because the latter avoided mention of
Thomas Jefferson's name. He declared
that for a Democratic orator to ignore the
father of his party was unusual. Martm
retorted with a flood of quotations from
the patron saint of Democracy and was
applauded by the crowd.
Pillsbury is one of the editors and pro
prietors of the Tulare Register and has I
made his influence felt throughout the
Ban Joaquin Valley. The Register is a
stanch Republican paper and is the only
sound-money paper in the San Joaquin
Valley. PilJsbury has just been appointed
secretary of the bureau of literature of the
Republican State Central Committee. His
duties will commence at once with head
quarters at San Francisco.
Martin is a farmer and stockman of
Woodville. He is an able speaker and
stoutly presented his side ol the discus
sion.
♦
Mourning at J'enna Grove.
BAfITA ROSA, Cal, July 24.— Aimer 1
Clark, a Sonoma County pioneer, died at
his home in Perms Grove yesterday, aged S
76 years. Mr. Clark was a native of Perm- !
sylvania and came to Sonoma County in
1853. He was tne father of Mrs. C. S. Far- j
quar, Mrs. L. E. Cannon and George C. •
Clark. The funeral will be held Saturday
from hia lale residence.
NEW TO-DAY.
CYCLE
VALUE!
The good of a cycle is
told by the price it
brings.
The buyer pays $100
for Columbia certainty,
and less for bicycles of
doubt.
A few good second-
hand machines at small
cost.
Columbia Catalogue free at our agencies-
By mall for two 2-cent stamps.
POPE MFG. C 07844 POST ST.
Park Branch, 1970 Page St.,
Near Stanyan.
© Tobacco Dealers say, that @
$ "BATTLE AX" is a "scorcher" §
©because it sells so fast* Tobacco |
S Chewers say, it is a "scorcher" be- X
g cause JO cents' worth goes so far* It's »
S as good as can be made regardless of Xj
S cost For 10 cents you get almost g?
2S twice as much as you do of other \
ghigh grade brands*
lathe light that will bring a great" lain
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be bad only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe»
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is stmpiy wonderful how harmless
it is. You can >:et it from nowhere bat
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extr&ordidary Rejuvenator ia the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharee in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall*
ing sensations, nervous twitcbings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
tirst stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, curries myriads of sore-
producing Kt-nns. Tnen corue sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, tucers tn mouth, old sores and
falling nair. You can save a trip to Hoi spring s
by writing for "Blood Book ' to the old physicians
HUDSON MEDICAL IN9TITIIJ,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
DR.MCNULTY.
mHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BPK-
-1 clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OK MEN ONLY. He stops
Discbarges; cares secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Bores and Swellings; Nervous Debility; Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
; terrible effect", Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men. ■ .
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
-1 moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cares Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs. ■ ■"
Dr. MoNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases vent Free to all men who describe
: their trouble. Patients cured at Home. - Terms
reasonable, ■ •-■ >
Hoars— 9 to 3 dclly; 8:30 to 8:30 evening*. San-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and sa-
credly confidential. Call on or address -
P. BOSCUK MoNULTY, 31. D.,
86% Kearny St. San Francisco, CaL
< ay .He ware of strangers who try to talk to yon
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
\2^y i\ t3z<&
4&UMYSI
18 THE VERY iSlissr ' ONE TO EXAillXa
your eyes and tit tnem to Spectacle* and -Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own inventing
wbosesnperiorlty has not been equaled. Mjf ***•
• Wshss been due to tho merit* or my wotifc
Office Hours— l 2 to *p. m.
,|iiiilss Bells for $30.
Eg- ; ?\?^'~^^^"«^3 Old-fashioned and poorly
BWT^^-'rN^r*' f*^§ made, can be had by pay-
-1 X^&SSjflTTviSraTtV'i^- in your money to electric
j ■\3S*e*a3©bs3£^ belt '-quacks" and travel-
i 'rtJ«J* Ing "faker*." For a flrst-
V ■ < t*r£* xt class article at a reasonable
<2^?j? price write or call for free
Vm* • copy of our new book. 1»H.
i PIERCE <fc SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearay.
; second, third and fourth floors. San Francisco.
j ' ~ .
I OOSMOF»OIjITAI\r.
: Opposite 17. 8. Mint, 103 and '103 Fifth st, SU
< i ran ciaco, Cal The moat select family hotel In
lie city. . Board and room. * L *1 25 and «1 3 J pee
day, according to room. Meals 25a, Room* aJ j
and 76© a day. coach to and from the aotat.
look lor the coaca bearing the name o i toe Oo*
BBopoiHftu Hotel. WJCfAUiiif. frouriedUiSTRIFE FO R LOS
ANGELES RICHES,
Espiritu Leonis' Property
Again Involved in
Litigation.
SHE SUES AN ATTORNEY
Seeks to Set Aside Deeds Which
She Claims Were Secured
by Fraud.
MAY LOSE A VAST ESTATE.
Troubles of the Woman Who Proved
Herself Miguel Leonis'
Widow.
Los Angeleb Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway. >
Los Angeles, Cal., Juiy 24. j
By the time Espiritu Leonis gets through
with tbe lawyers there won't be much left
of her half of tbe Miguel Leonis estate.
There began yesterday afternoon before
Court Commissioner Rollins an examina
tion that will occupy a month or two, and
during which it is expected to examine
from 125 to 175 witnesses from all parts of
tbe county. The proceedings in the suit
are brought by Espiritu Leonis to secure
an accounting from Laurent Etchepare,
and set aside deeds which she had mads
to him, which virtually swallowed up her
entire estate, the original amount being
estimated at $125,000 in real property, and
$10,000 in cash and other personal prop
erty.
The long and successful fight made by
Espritu to establish herself as Miguel's
widow after his death is still remembered.
The value of the estate, as variously esti
mated, is from $300,000 to $1,000,000. Dur
ing her fight she appointed Etcbepare as
her agent, and in writing agreed to give
him 10 per cent of the value of tbe interest
recovered. This was in 1889, and Etche
pare acted as her agent for years. In the
execution of his trust he advanced Espiritu
money and supplied her with provisions,
and she executed the deeds in controversy.
He claims that the advances made by
him far exceeded the interest which she
left after settling with her attorneys, com
puting the various amounts so advanced
at about $32,000. But Espiritu denies this
and claims that such large amounts were
not advanced to her. She alleges that her
agent procured her signature to the deeds
by undue influence.
The case has been referred to Commis
sioner Rollins for investigation, and as
there are a great many items to be inves
tigated, involving the procuring of wit
nesses from nearly every part of tbe
county, the magnitude of the examination
may be imagined.
OPEN TRADE WITH JAPAN.
Advantages ■ of the Proposed Steamship
Line Discussed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 24.— Sho
Nemoto and Fora ji Kusakado, accredited
representatives of the Government of
Japan, held a conference with the execu
tive board of the Merchants' and Manu
facturers' Association of this city this
evening, with a view of making plans for
the establishing of a steamship line from
Japan to San Diego for the mutual inter
change of commodities. .
Sho Nemoto, who is a graduate of the
Oakland High School and of the Univer
s'ty of Vermont, presented the matter to
the board in an able and lucid manner. -
He said that his country stood in great
need of many things which Southern Cali
fornia could supply, such as canned beef
and mutton, oil, iron, milk, butter and
sugar, and that cotton, of which his Gov
ernment wanted large quantities, could
be sent from a Southern California port
rcuc's cheaper than via New York. Cot
ton from the United States, he said, was
far superior to that from India, the source
of the present supply to Japan.
Mr. Nemoto was followed by Mayor Ra
der, Editor Osborne, Santa Fe Manager
Wade, President Jacoby of the Board of
Trade, and others.
The Japanese commissioner ■ said the
president of the steamship company
which proposed to establish this line was
now in San Francisco, on his wav to
Southern California; that the concern had
$6,000,000 of capital and was guaranteed a
subsidy from the Government of Japan to
carry forward the enterprise; that Ban
Diego was one of the finest harbors in the
world for such an enterprise.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July . 24.— Messrs.
Nemoto and Kuskado, the Japanese here
in the interest of a steamship fine between
Yokohama and San Diego, were taken
over the city this morning and by special
train out on the National City and Otay
Railroad, in order to obtain a good idea of
the bay region.
They will leave this afternoon for the
City of Mexico and South America to in
vestigate ; the possibilities of commerce
between Japan and Spanish- American
countries.
Soichiro Asano, a protege of Kisen
Kaisha of- the Oriental Steamship Com
pany, which intends to .make its Ameri
can terminus • here, will be here in two
weeks for the purpose of looking after ter
minal facilities and subsidies.
-A. H. Butler, a former San Diegan, now
purchasing agent in the.United States for
the cotton factories of Japan, and who
directed the attention of the Japanese
Government to this harbor, will arrive
here from Yokohama August 6. The new
line has arranged for six steamers of from
4000 to 6000 tons each, and the vessels are
expected to be on the route in six months.
The Santa Fe officials intimate that traffic
arrangements have been made with the
new line. i - ■'; '
m . . .
LONG BEA CH CHOS EN.
Made the Permanent Home of a Cftau
: ■ • . tauqua Assembly. '
LOS ANGELES, Cal;, July 24.— This
was the closing day of the Chautauqua as
sembly at Lone Beach. According to a
statement by President Weller the ses
sion has been one of the most profitable in
the history of the association. One im
portant question in connection ■ with this
Chautauqua has been definitely settled,
viz. : the future home of the assembly. On
this point the following resolution was
passed unanimously:
JUtolved, That as Long Beach, at a - mass
meeting of its citizens, resolved to raise $500
for the purpose of providing a home for the
bummer schools that have become a perma
nent feature of our organization, assuming
that this $500 as a beginning furnishes build
|nrs for the summer schools, we recommend
immediate incorporation of the association,
with Long Beach as the principal place of busi
ness. ..-.-.■• ■- •, ■•••.-.
After a highly interesting programme on
university topics was completed this fore
noon, President .Weiler,; made ja '; neat ; ad
dress to the graduating class, composed of
three ladies and two gentlemen, and pre
sented each with a diploma. Those read
ing papers to-day were: Professors J. H.
and A. Haraie, Drs. D. C. Barber and
M. Harvey, Professor Bailey of the
State University, Mes'rs. Healey and Coch
an and_ Professor Hoose. The summer
chool will continue on for several weeks.
GIFT TO KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
"Ast Commander Sumner Sends a Stand
of Colors.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 24.— Los An
geles Commandery No. 9, Knights Temp
lar, held a rousing meeting last night, 150
members beinp present. This command
ery is the recipient of a handsome present
from Frank P. Sumner of San Francisco,
past grand commander of tbe State.
Tne present is in the shape of a stand of
colors, comprising the United States flag
and the beauseant or black ana white
flag of the order. The gift is costly and
beautiful.
Los Angeles Commandery has always
been a favorite with the past grand com
mander and to show to him its appreciation
of his magnificent gift the commandery
has ju*t sent him a beautifully engrossed
set of resolutions of thanks, executed by
John Rockwood and handsomely framed.
At the meeting last night Conrad
Scheerer, George Steckel, F. W. Burnett.
George Rheinschild and F. X. Pfaffineer
were initiated into the mysteries of the
Order of Red Rose. A banquet was served.
The commandery will have work every
Thurßday night for the next two weeks.
WHALES ATTACK NEWPORT IDLERS
Two Guests of the Resort Beset by a
School of Leviathans and Are
Roughly Tossed About.
BANTA ANA, Cal., July 24. — Ottley
Papineau ami James Reynolds came into
close companionship with a school of
whales last evening, and the scare they
got will last for a lifetime. Between them
and the waters of the Pacific was only the
frail body of a pleasure craft, and thii was
tossed and hurled about with startling
disregard by the sportive monsters, while
the water around their boat was lashed
into towering billows. To-day the pair
are relating the story of their dangerous
experience, and felicitating themselves
upon tbeir narrow escape from eternal
sleep in the bosom of the ocean.
Papineau and Reynolds are Riverside
men spending a vacation at Newport
Beach, twelve miles from Santa Ana.
Last evening, in quest of deep-sea fish,
they rowed to a distance of a half mile
from shore. Engrossed in their fishing,
before they realized tbeir danger they
were in tbe midst of a great school of
whales. A sharp blow against the side of
the boat gave them the first warning. The
whales began a one-sided battle with the
men in the boat by deluging them with
water. The denizens of the deep toyed
with the bark as children would with a
playtuing. They dived under and around
it, and time and again tbe craft was all
but capsized. Several times when a levia
than struck the boat it was thrown clear
of the water.
The school finally tired of this sport and
left the spot. Papineau and Reynolds were
soaking wet and thoroughly exhausted
from their fright. This is the only case
on record at Newport where fishermen
have been molested by either whale or
porpoise, which frequent tbe waters there
abouts in large numbers. The leviathans
were, in all probability, emboldened by
their numbers.
SHELLED BY A GUNBOAT,
Further Spanish Insolence Re
ported by an American
Captain.
His Vessel Off the Cuban Coast Whei
a Shell Whizzed Over Her
Deck.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 24.— A Herald
special from Southport, S. C, Bays:
The schooner Governor J. Y. Smith of
Boston, Captain Patrick, from Gibara,
Cuba, to Wilmington, N. C, arrived at
Quarantine Wednesday.
The schooner left Gibara on July 14.
Two days later, while off tbe Cuban coast
in the neighborhood of Nuevita» harbor,
she passed a Spanish gunboat about a
mile and a half away. The gunboat
opened fire on the schooner, sending a
■olid shot over her deck. The shell fell in
the sea a quarter of a mile to starboard,
having done no damage.
Captain Patrick immediately ran up the
American ensign and left the neighbor
hood as quickly as possible. He was not
able to learn the name of the gunboat,
which remained stationary, firing no more
shots.
It is expected that Captain Patrick will
make an official report, as the schooner is
entered at tbe Custom-house. The
schooner was not allowed to enter here.
RECENT BATTLES IN CUBA.
Victories Are Claimed by Both the Span
ish and Insurgents. .
NEW YORK, N. V., July 24.— Senor
Dupuy de Lome, the Spanish Minister to
Washington, denies that General Incian
has been captured by the Cuban insur
gents. General Incian is operating with
his column in Bahia Monda. .
Duke de Tetuan has telegraphed as fol
lows: "The Spanish troops hare killed
many rebels in encounters Id Canto, Santa
Clara province, and Corral, Faiso, Toledo,
Vie jo and Castilla, in Matanzas provinces.
"At Seto Nuevo, Pinar del Rio, General
Baral engaged the forces under Varona,
Ibarri and Gallo. and carried their posi
tions. The rebels lost forty-one ■ killed,
including the leader Perez, and sixty
wounded. We had two men killed and
thirteen wounded.
"Captain Dolse, after a series of forced
marches, came up with a party of rebels
in Pain. a, Pin*r del Rio, and 'dispersed
them, killing ten. .
?. "The battalion returning from Gibara
met and defeated a force of 400 rebels."
- Captain Carlos Garcia of the Cuban army,
has written as follows: "After the burning
of the. village; of Velasco we, engaged a
column of Spanish marine infantry escort
ing a ! convoy of clothing, provisions and
machetes for the people encamped round
the ruins of the villaee. We captured the
convoy and * five soldiers after: a brief
fight."^igg^BaqaSßPßSl*Sßlßßlß :
The funds for the projected mammoth
expedition to Cuba are flowing ? steadily
into the coffers of the New York Junta.
«,
WEILER'S LATEST MOVE.
Will '■ Close Certain , Ports to American
Banana Exporters.
YORK, N. V., July 24.— A Herald
special from Washington says: ■ :
Captain-General Weyler intends* to show
no ! leniency to American merchants en
gaged in the Cuban banana trade. This
is shown by a dispatch from Consul-Gen
eral Lee, received at the State Department
yesterday,, stating that General Weyler
intended to" close at once certain po.ts in
Eastern : Cuba to American banana ex
porters.- .... ..■•■■■ ;■ ■_ . , ,
National Indian Educators.
ST. PAUL, Miwn., July 24.— The closing
session of tbe National Indian Convention
was held at the State Capitol to-day.
"The Connection .Between the Day School
and tbe Indian Horne 1 ' was talked of by
Lizzie Lampson of the La Poinle (Wit.)
agency.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
WICKS TRIMMED
AT SANTA CLARA,
Streets of the Town Are
Lighted by Kerosene
Lamps.
ELECTRICITY IS BARRED
The Trustees Formally Declare
War Upon a San Jose
Corporation.
FIGHT FOR LOCAL OWNERSHIP
Determined That tbe Municipality
Shall Erect a Plant of
Its Own.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jnly 24.— War has
been declared by the Town Trustees of
Santa Clara upon the Electric Improve
ment Company of this city, and as a result
the electric lights have been discarded and
the streets will be lighted with lamps until
the town can own its own lighting plant.
A short time ago the people of Santa
Clara erected water works at a cost of $55,
-000. The success of the water system
pleased them, and steps had been taken to
erect a lighting plant. Last night was
the time set to award the contract for an
electric-light plant. As soon as the Trus
tees had assembled, they were served with
an injunction by Deputy Sheriff Gardner
restraining them from entering into any
contract for electric-light purposes, on the
ground that tbe fund intended to be em
ployed for that purpose was a part of the
water works fund secured by the issuance
of bonds for water purposes. The com
plaint was signed by Captain Bennett, a
wealthy stevedore of San Francisco, who
lives south of town on Bascom avenue,
and Samuel Morrison, tbe Santa Clara
collector of the San Jose Water Company.
The injunction put a stop to the award
ing of the contract for the time being, but
tbe board responded by immediately pass
ing an ordinance discontinuing the use of
tbe electric lights of the San Jose Electric
Improvement Company. Tbe action of
the board in discontinuing tbe electric
lights met with the approval of the citi
zens, for when the meeting adjourned they
were met by a lantern brigade and escorted
to their homes.
The Trustees state that the money to be
used is now in the general fund and ready
for use, and anticipate a speedy termina
tion of the injunction.
DEATH OF CAPTAIN WELCH.
Argonauted to the Coast During the Early
Gold Excitement.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 24.— Captain
George Welch, a well-known real estate
and insurance agent of this city, died at
his home on North Sixth street this fore
noon. He was a native of County Down,
Ireland, aged 59 years. He came to the
United States in 1853, and in 1857, during
the Fraser River gold excitement, argo
nauted to California. In 1858 he went to
tbe mines on the Fraser River, and re
mained in British Columbia for nine
years. Captain Welch was connected with
the Police Department of Victoria, B. C,
for a number of years. He wax subse
quently in the employ of the Bank of
British Columbia at Victoria, and was
sent by that institution to establish a
branch bank at Caribou, B. C.
In 1867 Captain Welch came to San Jose
and shortly afterward engaged in the real
estate and insurance business. For a
number of years be has been a member of
the firm of Welch & Rosentbal. A widow
and five children survive him.
At one time Captain Welch was a mem
ber of the Ninth Regiment, United States
Infantry.
ACC USE HIMSELF OF CRIME.
Martin O'ltonough Swears Out a War-
rant for Mis Own Arrest.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 24.— Martin
O'Donough, a resident of Milpitas, who
was recently released from the Stockton
Insane Asylum, last evening swore to a
complaint in Judge Dwyer's court charg
ing himself witb threatening the life of
his nephew. At the time he secured the
warrant he gave tb» name of Patrick Cos
tello, and accused Martin O'Donough with
tbreatenine to kill him. When Constable
Cochina went to arrest O'Donough he
found him to be the individual who bad
sworn to the complaint. O'Donough has
spent thirteen yea,rs in various asylums,
and he has an imaginary grievance against
Costelio. O'Donough insisted on being
taken into custody, DUt the constable re
fused to do so.
Vagrants Fight Over Polities.
BAN JOSE, Cal.. July 24.-Willie Shar
ratt to-day swore to a complaint in Justice
Dwyer's court charging James Clark with
attempt to commit murder. The men
were with a party of hobos at a winery
near tbe narrow-gauge depot, and during
a drunken row that followed a heated po
litical argument Clark attacked Shar ratt
with a knife. Sharratt received a serious
wound over the right eye. He also ex
hibited bruises on the face and head that
were made with a club. Clark is an ex
convict. Sharratt has also figured promi
nently in the Police Court, at one time
being charged with arson.
Destroying Diseased Cattle,
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 24.— From inves
tigations made by City and County Veter
inary Inspector H. A. Spencer it is esti
mated that nearly one-fourth of the milch
cows of Santa Clara County are affected
with tuberculosis. Since March 20 the
inspector has examined 892 cows, 225 of
which were diseased. In one herd of 241
cows 120 were found to have tuberculosis.
A great many dairymen object to their
diseased cattle being killed, and of the
number condemned not more than one
third oave been destroyed.
Plaster Company Incorporated.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 24.— Articles in
corporating the California Plaster Com
pany have been filed with the County
Clerk. Tbe capital stock is $100,000, all
of which has been subscribed. The prin
cipal plare ofj business is to be San Jose.
The folk"- ing are named as directors: J.
H. Henry, L. 8. Jones, T. F. Smith, A. T.
Stalder and j. P. Burke.
STOCKTON REGATTA.
Obstacles in the Way of a Water Tourna-
ment Are Removed.
BTOCKTON, Cal., July 24.— The Native
Sons met to-night to consider the proposi
tion made by President Humphrey of the
Pacific Athletic Association to hold a re
gatta here on Admission day. Recently
Humphrey wrote to Chairman Grunsky of
the amusement committee, making what
the committee considered an unreasonable
demand. Grunsky in reply stated that
every facility for racing on the water
would be accorded the visitors, but that
the committee had but $350 at its disposal
for the regatta. $300 of wi ich it was will
ing to expend in prizes. No answer came
to this ultimatum of the committee, so late
this afternoon' Chairman Grunsky tele
graphed to Humphrey asking if the con
sent of the association could be obtained
to hold the regatta under tbe conditions
named in hi* letter, in order that the mat
ter might t»e settled at to-night's meeting'
Humphry telegraphed that tne affair could
be arrauged on these terms, and the meet
ing to-night decided to go ahead with its
arrangements. The regatta is now as
sured.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
CI.CBB.
I Won.
Lost -j«.ent.
Cincinnati 56
Cleveland 63
Baltimore 51
Chicago 48
Pitta burg. 43
Boston 4 - J
Brooklyn 38
Philadelphia H.">
Washington 33
New York 31
St. Louis. 23
Louisville 19
26 .682
125 .679
25 .871
»7 .564
35 .650
35 .545
43 .455
43 .448
42 .440
46 .425
56 .-'92
57 .250
CHICAGO. ILL.. July 24.— Chicagos— 2, 10, 1;
Brooklyns— 9, 13, 1. Batteries— Friend and
Dohohoe, Abbey and Grim. Umpire — Lynch.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 24.— Pittsburg-New
York postponed on account of rain.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., July 24.— Louisvilles— 7,
12, 4; Washington;.— B, 11, 3. Batteries—Cun
ningham and Miller, McJames and McGuire.
Umpire— Betts.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 24.— Cleveland-
Philadelphia game postponed owing to wet
grounds.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 24.— Cincinnati-
Boston game postponed; wet grounds.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 24.— St. Louis— B, l2, 4;
BaKimores— l3, 21. 6. Batteries— Donahue
and McFarland, Hoffer and Clarke. Umpire—
Emslie.
THE EASTERN DUNE.
Rain Stops Racing at Detroit— Results at
Latonia and Brighton.
DETROIT, Mich., July 24.— The rain, which
interfered with the racing at Grosse Point last
evening, continued throughout the night and
this morning, and to-day's programme was
postponed until to-morrow.
LATONIA, Ky., July 24.— One mile, King
Charlie won, Lismore second, Hot Stuff third.
Time, 1:49?£.
Five furlongs. Imp won, Blßckheart second,
Carlotta C third. Time, 1 :06?£.
Six furlongs, Strathreel won, Twinkle sec
ond, Doorga third. Time, I :2o}£
Mile and fifty yards, Jamboree won, Gretchen
S second, Annie M third. Time, 1 :52.
Five furlongs. Will Wallace won, The Cock
ney second, Gray Eclipse third. Time, 1 :07%.
one mile, Chicot won, Elizbert second, Le
banjo third. Time, 1 :50.
BRIGHTON, N. V., July 24.— One mile, Con
noisseur won, Manchester second, Crimea
third. Time. I:45J£.
Five furlongs, Reuip won, Successful second,
Nima Louise third, lime, I:o4*^.
One mile, Trillete won, L.i/ibeUe second,
Nick Johnson third. Time, 1 :4.7}4.
Five furlons, Irish Reel won, Peligion sec
ond. Right Royal third. Time, 1:02?^.
Five furlongs, Regulator won. Taranto sec
on'i, Doomful third. Time, 1:04%.
Mile and an eighth. Lady Inez won, Emma C
second, Captain T third, lime, 2 :00.
RACING AT SACRAMENTO
Record • Breaking Continues at
the Wheelmen's Indoor
Tournament.
Davis R dcs Two M:les in 4:39, and
Languetin Covers a Third-
Mile in :20.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 24.— Two
world's records were broken on the second
night of the indoor bicycle tournament in
this city. The riders bavine become used
to the track did better work, and no acci
dents of any moment occurred. In the
first half of the two-mile scratch, pro
fessional, C. L. Davis of the San Francisco
Olympic Club Wheelmen smashed the
world's record by riding out in 4:39, and
in an exhibition quarter-mile, flying start,
E. E. Languetin of the Bay City Wheel
men broke the world's record by riding in
:29 flat.
Ed Chapman of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen made the ride of the evening
among the amateurs, starting from the
scratch, in the mile handicap, picking up
his men handily, taking the pole and
fighting off all tbe attempts of his oppo
nents to pass him.
Perhaps the greatest surprise of the
evening was the riding of Jake Hirsch of
the Capital City Wheelmen. Totally in
experienced in indoor races, and
having only ridden in two out
door relay races, he beat the cracka
jack amateur, Languetin, in a deperate
finish by six incnes and gave Chapman
the finish ride of his life in tbe final one
mile handicap and was carried from the
track on the shoulders of bis mates.
Osen also made a great ride, as did
Rucker of Portland, Or., who fell in the
second heat of tbe half-mile professional,
regained his wheel and finished second.
In the final he gave Whitman a hot ride
for first, finishing only a few inches short.
Following is tbe summary:
Quarter-mile, scratch, amateur, first in each
heat and second In fastest two heats to qualify
for semi-finals.
First heat— Ed Chapman, O. C. W., first; T.
J. Welsh, C. C. W., second. Time, :33.
S«coud heat— E. E. Languetin. B. C. W.
Time, -.34.
Third heat— P. R. Mott, R. A. C, first; C. F.
Lemmon, O. C. W., second. Time, 32 4-5.
Fourtfh heat — Walter Leltch, C. C. W.
Time, :32.
Semi-flnal, first and second to qualify for
finals— First heat— Ed Chapman and E. E.
Lanfuetiu. Time, :33.
Second heat— P. R. M ott, R. A. C ., and C. F.
Lemon (disqualified). Time, :32 1-5.
Final— P. R. Mott first, Ed Chapman second.
Time, :33.
Two mile, scratch, professional— First in
each heat and second iv fastest heat to qualify
for semi-final. First heat— c. L. Davis, O. C.
W., first; R. Cushing, G. c. c, second. Time,
4:39 (world's record).
Second neat— D. E. Whitman, O. C. W. Time,
5 :01 1-5.
Third heat— W. A. Terrill, B. C. W. Time,
4:412 5.
Fourth heat— O. Osen, O. C. Time, 4:56.
Fifth heat, J. E. Edwards, O. 6. Time,
4 :52 2-5.
Simi-final, nrst and second in each heat to
qualify for final— First heat, C. L. Davis first,
P. Metcaif, I. C. C. second. Time, 4 56 1-5
Second heat— W. A. Turrell first, J. E. Ed
ward second. Time, 5 On 1-5.
Final— W. A. Turrell first, C. L. Davis second
Time, 5:02 3-5.
One-mile handicap, amateur, fint in each
heat to qualify for semi-final— First heat J.
Hirsch, C. C. W., 25 yards. Time, 2:21 1-5.
Second heat, L. A. Young, C. C. W.. 10 yards.
Time, 2:18 1-6. *
Third heat— P. R. Mott, R, a. C. 10 yards.
Time, 2:16 2-5. '
Fourth heat — C. F. Lemmon, O. C W. 30
yards. Time, 2:19 1-5.
Fifth heat— Kd Chapman, O. C. W., scratch.
Time. 2:18 4-5.
Semi-final, first and second to qualify for
final— Fir.-t heat, Ed Chapman first L. A.
Young second. Time, 2:16 1-5.
Second heat, J. Hirsch first, P. R. Mott sec
ond. Time, 2:15 2-5.
FiHal, Ed Chapman first, J. Hirsch second
Time, 2:28.
Half mile handicap, professional, first in
each heat and second in fastest beat to qualify
for final first he*t— D. E. Whitman, O. c!w.,3U
yards, first; A. M. Boyden, R. A. C, 45 yards,
second. Time, 1:03.
Second heat— O. Osen, O. C, 10 yards. Time
1 :06,
Third heat— R. Cushing, G. C. C, 35 yards.
Time, 1 :09.
Semi-final, first and seaond qualify for final,
first heat— D. E. Whitman, first; A. M Boydec
second. Time, 1:03.
Second heat— O. Osen, first; Bert Rucker,
second. Time, 1:01 4-5.
Final-D. E. Whitman, fi re t; Bert Rucker,
iccond. Time, 1 :06.
FATHER FERGUSON'S
LATEST LECTURE,
Addressed a Large Audience
Last Night at Metro
politan Temple.
v LATE SUPERSTITIONS."-
Demonstrates the Part the Irish
Played in War and
Politics.
SAYS THEY'RE ALWAYS LOYAL.
The Temple Was Crowded From Pit
to Dome by an Enthusiastic
Audience.
Rev. Father James P. Ferguson lectured
last night , at Metropolitan „" Temple to a
large and sympathetic audience on the
subject "Current ' Superstitions." He
said:
Ladies - and Gentlemen: The organized
known protectors ?of our institutions have
been so effectually discredited Iby recent reve
lations that further reference to them seems
like throwing water on a * drowned rat. I
should, perhaps, apologize for once more in
troducing them upon your notice. But like
many other things that are extinct, or verging
toward their final downfall, they may serve as
understudies.' "_* ',"!'■' '," '■
It was a Harvard professor who said that
that community could not be said to be edu
cated, or lay any claim to a high degree of
civilization In which such a society could take
root. The people of the United States I have at
last awakened to, a recognition that that Har
vard professor uttered a solemn truth. Every !
community is rapidly repudiating these dis
ciples of phonetic spelling, and .now they
flourish nowhere except .in Oakland, which
the people over there call "The Athens 01 the
Pacific. '•-•:'.':. '--' . ■
Ladies and gentlemen, tne men who have
been foremost in .this attack upon the civil
and religious rights of Catholics have been
proved, in many instances, to be subjects of a
foreign power, or among those who have only
recently, renounced their, allegiance to it.
They may shout themselves hoarse for the
flag, but that is no criterion of their loyalty to
it. The traitor who harbors the basest design
against it may, and does, employ the same
tactics to divert suspicion from himself.
Greece lost her lioerties not by enemies from
without but from enemies within. There are
tome native-born Americans in this organiza
tion, it is true. But they are not the descend
ants of the men of '76. ; The men who are
truly loyal are not going around constantly
putting their patriotism on record. We should !
remember that there are quite a number of
Americans, in existence just at the present I
time that America , has no reason to boast of.
A goodly number of them reside at the pres
ent time in Montreal, Canada, whither they
went with the funds of sundry churcheti and
city and country banks. ' " : . "
They were very patriotic,- too, : when they
were on this side of the line, and the majority
of them believed that the avenues to advance
ment should be closed to all Catholics.
Not long ago the city fathers of Montreal, for
just and better reasons, seriously thought of
closing up all . the city avenues against them.
In fact they are still confronted with the prob- j
lem what to do with that vast army of bank- I
wreckers, embezzlers and abeconders'wbo have I
invaded their city, as their- presence is de
moralizing and a bud example to the young. ■
There are many heteori this side yet who are 1
no more worthy of American citizenship than I
are those ' meu who are not content' with run
ning away with the banker's money, but in
many instances run off with the banker's wife.
The Congressional Record for January, 1878,
gives us a few samples of the kind of patriotism
which threatened the stability of the Republic
in 1812, and a sample of what we might expect
if these patriots, were in control to-d*y They
occur in a debate between Senator Dawes of
' Massachusetts and the late James.G.'itlaine. •'"
I^Thcs Senator from Massachusetts.. had oeen
enumerating the services* of Massachusetts to
the Nation and defied Mr. Blaino to point to
any instance 'where Massachusetts .had made
anything but the most patriotic record. Mr.
Maine said: "I will tell you here and now,
Massachusetts refused to pass *nd tabled a res
olution thanking one of her own naval officers
for a victory, because it whs gained in an un
just war. t! She refused to thank the gallant end
admirable captain of the Hornet tor capturing
tha British man-of-war, the Peacock.
"That stands on your own legislative jour- I
nals. If you want the record I can give you
more and graver instances until the sun sets, I
and for a Senator from Massachusetts to rise
here and pretend that his State did not bristle
all over with unpatriotic ; record?, going clear
ur. to the verge ox treason ai.d, in the opinion
of some patriots' of that day, .stepping one
point beyond, is a degree of bravery which
tit would have been well to show in the war
and not reserve, for this day. " . r .
 | Mr. Dawes— Mr. President, the extent of the
offense which the gentleman can bring against
Massachusetts in the war of 1812 was that she
lacked the ■ disposition to publicly return
thanks- ■• ■• ■ . ■.'■■■' • . ..-.'
Mr. Blame— stop right there! One mo
ment. Massachusetts refused to allow her sol
diers to march beyond the - boundaries of her
own State, and refused' pointedly to the Gen
eral Government to respond to a cull for her
troops. It was volunteers . from Maine that
marched beyond the boundaries of Massachu
setts. . The militia that was under the control
of your Governor refused to 30 and were not
permitted to go. There is ' another ' record for
you. -.■-''■■■* ••■■-■-:•- --■-...
The bitterest enemies , of . Catholics to-day in
this country are the descendants of the men
who in the early days of this century were ar
rayed on the s\de of England, and openly sym
pathized with that power which kidnaped our '
sailors, destroyed our commerce and in the |
war which followed committed acts of vandal- •
ism at Washington which they would never
dare to perpetrate in any European capital.
The disloyalty of Catholics is one of the su
perstitions men of that stamp have ever sought
to spread. Yet at the very time. these men
were stigmatizing as unjust a war entered upon
to protect - the . lives, >. property and . liber
ties of American citizens,' at that very time
Catholics under Jackson were opposing Pak
' "eaham and loyally and heroically upholding.
I the honor of American arms behind the cot-'
ton bales of Sew Orleans. Now, let us sup
pose that a Legislature composed of Catholics
had refused to aid the General Government in
any war in which it was engaged —would these
patriots ever stop howling about it? ■
Let us suppose mat in the war with Mexico
they had taken refuge' in the plea that it was
unjust, or that they showed for any foreign
country such a deer* regard as -these men did ;
for the implacable I foe of •: this country, a foe
that burned down Washington in defiance of
all the rules of civilized warfare. '. . \
Suppose they bad been guilty of half the
treasonable acts credited to the members of |
that Massachusetts Legislature, what a chorus 1
of execrations would -, have gone up ■ against i
them. .These , English sympathizers had no !
objection to war on defenseless Catholics, but
it was unjust to . declare . war .or enter into j
hostilities with a nation that was responsible |
1 for all the barbarities perpetrated on this con- I
I tinent during the revolution, t , \& -
There is -one form, of . attack which our de- 1
famers constantly employ and which is signifi
cant. . In their tirades against foreigners and j
foreign emigration the British foreigner goes
unscathed. The wrath of the godly is gener
ally reserved for the Irish Catholici.
Though unswerving, in his- loyalty to the
land 01 bis adoption the Irishman still pre
serves ■ an ■ undying - devotion • and love for the
land of his birth.. He is told from the pulpit,
the .press and the platform that this is en
tirely wrong. He is called upon to' forget
everything that relates to. the land of his
fathers and to remember only that he is an
American. ■'.: ' ' ".- ; - = ■■ ■
This is the injunction given him by men
who, with unblushing inconsistency, assemble
together and point out that all , the claims we
have to consideration as a great nation, all the
success we have . achieved, ail the good In us,
are derived solely and . excluiively from Eng
lish instincts and rare the outcome of the
greatness of the Anglo-Saxon. What |is a vice
in the American of Irish blood is a virtue in
the American of English blood; '■';' , : ■'■-,'. >...
The Irishman 'Cannot turn his eyes to the
cradle of his race, be cannot express affection
for his native land without immediately being
suspected of a divided allegiance, . while i the
others can do so without question. • They may
move heaven and earth to trace their ancestry
bade to some British aristocrat of blue blood
which the - poet • called "ancient but ignoble
blood flowing through scoundrels j ever . since
the flood/IRMML* 7 //*-* '■?-'" 'M'^- I -.-.
There is no class of ' emigrants come to these
shores who " become Americanized more
quickly than the Irish. Kentucky's great tri
bune, Henry Clay, gives generous testimonyto
this fact:
"There are some foreigners who always re
main exotics (he was reierring to the English)
and never become naturalized in our country,
while happily there are many others who
readily attach themselves to our princi
ples and our institutions. The honest,
putient and industrious German readily unites
with our people, establishes himself upon some
of our fat land, fills his capacious barn and en
joys in tranquillity the abundant fruits which
his diligence gathers around him, always
ready to tiy to the standard of his adopted
country, or of its laws when called by duties
of patriotism.
"The gay, the ver=a'Ue, the philosophic
Frenchman, accommodating himself cheer
fully to all the vicissitudes of life, incorporates
himself without difficulty in our society. But
of all foreigners none amalgamate themselves
so quickly with our people as the natives of
tne Emerald Isle. In some of the visions which
have passed through my imagination I have
supposed that Ireland was originally part and
parcel of this continent, and that by some ex
traordinary convulsion of nature it was torn
from America, and drifting across the ocean
was placed in the unfortunate vicinity of
Great Britain.
"The same open - heartedness; the same
generous hospitality; the same careless and
uncalculating indifference about human life
characterize the inhabitants of both
countries." What a crying shame that
the great commoner died before the
Know-nothing party could explain to
him the necessity of repealing our
naturalization laws; before the A. P. Apes
could inform him that the French, Irish and
Dutch, with their religion of papal diabolism,
were sending this Nation to the dickens.
Poor old Clay! How much he might have
learned had he been born a few years later!
TACOMA'S BALLOT-THIEVES.
Citizens Organize a Committee of One
Hundred to Bring the Raiders
to Justice.
TACOMA, Wash., July 24.— A vigilance
committee'*Df 100 of Tacoma's most promi
nent citizens has been appointed to de
vise and at once put into operation the
most practicable plan it can devise for
ferretine out the criminals who raided the
City Hall vault and stole tbe ballots of
four precincts cast in the recent election.
A mass-meeting of citizens at the Cham
ber of Commerce at 4 o'clock was largely
attended. Resolutions were adopted de
ploring the situation that made such a
meeting necessary and requesting the
chairman to name a committee of three
to select a committee of 100.
The vigilance committee was instructed
to sit In continuous session, adjourning
only foi meals, until a vigorous plan of ac
tion was devised and put into execution.
The membership of the committee was
announced to-night and its first session
will be held to-morrow morn ing.
The Populists and members of tbe city
administration, who claim to be indignant
at the aspersions cast on Mayor Fawcett's
administration as a result of the ballot
raid, called a mass-meeting to-night at
Gerraania Hall. The speakers included
Governor Teats, a member of the Civil
Service Commission, and Assistant Fed
eral Attorney Robertson.
They denounced all who had spoken
slightingly of Fawcetts administration.
The ballots of fourteen precincts have
been counted in court without changing
Fawcett's majority of two. From two to
fifteen ballots in each precinct have been
objected to and set aside for future adjudi
cation. They will determine the result of
the count.
A pile of brick and plaster taken from
the vault wall was found to-day near the
City Hall, but otherwise no new clews to
thieves have been discovered.
TRAGEDY AT MARYSVILLE.
The Murder of a Fallen Woman Fof-
lowed by the Suicide of
Her Slayer.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., July 24.— Irene
Hill, proDrietress of a disorderly house,
was killed this evening by Harry Sligar,
who in turn killed himself.
Sligar, who was but 22 years old, had
been riding with a young woman with
whom he had partially agreed to go to
Nevada City to-morrow. He had been
drinKing some, but said nothing of nis
contemplated deed. He left the woman
at the doorway of tho house and went
upstairs.
Siigar asked to see Irene Hill and she
appeared and showed him into her room.
A moment later the inmates of the house
heard her scream.
The cries were followed by two pistol
shots. They rushed to tbe room and
found both dead. A 38-caliber pistol was
clutched in Bligar's hands.
Young Sligar fell heir to about $5000 less
than a year ago, and since then he has
been living recklessiy. His money re
con tly gave out.
He obtained a few dollars from Irene
Hill, and later some jewelry. To-day he
offered a diamond ring for sale and told a
number of people that he proposed to get
out of town to-morrow. He secured some
money, but how much is not known.
Sligar's father livesin Sacramento. He
was formerly in the livery business in this
city. The woman has a husband, mother,
sister and little daughter rejiding in Sac
mento.
COMES JUST IN TIME.
A Destitute Man Inherits Two Million
Dollars.
BOSTON, Mass., July 24.— William F.
Woodward of 3 Sansome street, this city,
aged 24, in delicate health, out of work for
many weeks, without money and in debt
for board and lodging, is informed by two
telegrams and a letter received since July
15 from E. T. Cole, trustee, San Jose, Cal.,
that his father's twin , Theodore S. Wood
ward, died June 17, leaving him by will
$2,041,000 of an estate of $5,000, 000. A copy
of the will received here by mail show's
that young Woodward's inheritance con
sists of $10,000 in cash and the balance in
stocks, bonds and real estate. Woodward
never saw his uncle, who went West forty
ye ars ago.
On the Butte Track.
BUTTE, Mont., July 24.-Robbie P in
the free-for-all trot and Sam Lucas in the
five-furlong run were the only favorites to
win on the West Side track to-day and
short-enders made a clean-up in the other
races. Summaries:
Trotting , free for ail, purse $1000— Robbie P
won the first three heats. Best time, 2:14 1^.
Bourbon Wllkes, lago, Ouinger, Alto and Etnel
I Downs also started.
2:21 class, purse $600— Red Cherry won the
race in two first heats. Best time, 2:l4U'.
The other starters were Royal Wilkes, Monte
rey, Cariyle Game, Alto, Johnny, Trouble and
I Deibert.
Running, three furlongs, Paul Jones won
1 May W second, Blue Sign third. Time, :35. '
Running, five furlongs, Sam Lucas won,
' Tampa second, Grover third. Time, l:01?i
Running, one mile, Gussie won. Skalkaho
I second, imp. Fulierton Lass third. Time
I I :43V£.
katasaßßßßßßaßßtf. very 3iark «>x your
IL. . -.^^^-B face, every pimple,' b;otch,
*^^ rt 2jjjjft ■ blood senr aad bad-blood
m W TSSrifeiS. sign is ho offense to your
«K3SfcJß*rar B friends and an annoyance
to yourself. You can avoid
■ B VBLff these awful pimples by
9 «H|bU uslru- a sarsapu-i;:a which
IV ■HR contains no lodide of pr.av
: m _ifflilir r '-^'AT^ alum, no mineral or mercu-
m&jfiST'KaSlgr rial dtu?. Such a sarsapa-
fK. iT^i fipi um»*-X*jmrfl rilla is ;he famous remedy.
... - ■ . Joy's Vegetable , Sarsar.a.
rtlla. .If you are sufferin.- from chronic constipa-
tion or from a bowel disorder, if you are attic i
with Dyspepsia, you should use the remedy th»; :
will clean th» stomach and bowels and -is not ■ of-
fensive. If you use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
you will suffer from no inconvenience, uneasiness
or griping sensations.
KEW- TO-PAT.
To=day
For
Bargains
Yesterday the store was dosed,
to-day it is open, and the result
of yesterday's heroic price-
cutting is seen in the endless
bargains that make up our
yearly .
Summer Clearance Sale
— the one event of shoe-selling
this year. .
We mention a few samples
picked at random. The - balance
makes a big. store full.
Reduced
from
Infants' Moccasins, sizes oto 3 ....50c to 20c
Infants' Fine Kid Button, sizes' '1
to 6..... : .750 to . 45c
Infants' Fine Tan Kid Button, sizes .
2to 5 75c to 50c
Child's Finn Tan Kid Button, all kid
-' or brown cloth top,, sprint; heel,
sizes 4to 7..'..."....; 91.25 to 90c
Child's Tan Goat Button, stout soles.
soring heels, sizes 6to 7% $1.25 to 95c
Sizes Bto 10 y 3 *1. 50 to *1.15
Misses' 'Tan (ioat Buttoa. spring
heels, sizes 11 to 2.... $1.75 to $1.35
Ladies' Fine Glace Kid Button,
pointed or narrow square to" $2. 50 to $1.65
lAdies' White Canvas Oxford Ties. s2.oo to $1.25
Ladies' White Canvas Southern T!e<s2.so to $1.70
Ladies' Canvas leggings, black or
russet...... 75c to 60c
Assorted lot of Ladies' Flue French
■ Kid Button, ABO widths only,
. . sizes "iy% to Zyz. worth $3 to $6, .>.
reduced to SI. OO
Boys' Veal Button Shoes, all sizes
up to 6, reduced from. $2.00 to $1.15
Men's Goodyear Wei; Kazor Toe or
Blucber .......$3.60 to $1.90
Men's Satin Calf I-aceand Congress,
medium square toe and tip $2.50 to $1.50
Men's Russet Calf, narrow square
* toe. lace, hand welt, fine dress ■
Shoe V.;......... .*.... $5.00 to $3.60
■I . ■
COME EARLY
And avoid the crowds. Mail orders
promptly filled. Cannot prepay
charges en reduced goods, bend for
catalogue.
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
S^* Open To-night Until 11 o'clock
—« ■"'" —^
- • - ■■ ■ . ■■■■.■..-..-■.-.- •
j ; ■ —
f Can't =
Afford
A ■" ' ...
Shirt
That isn't perfect, _• JBL
doesn't fit and isn't j^^
made in California ? "B tkaoc ,'
Then buy "STAND- \ \f "D
ARD" SHIRTS. All I XV.-D.
-dealers. See this j] ( «**«•
Trade Mark. O|©BILJJ
Nenstadter Bros. . »£ ixjf tt
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF. #
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with oaths.
200 suites. 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths-
'-■• 10 minutes from business and theatrical centre*.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Rim*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
EfiS^QiT. America. '.
: Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or »th «ye. " L TI to 66th St., or Broadway c*h!e
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
S tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. - European
plan. $1 np. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
b NeVto&V W. JOHNSON QUINN, Mgr.
WM. NOBLB, Propr. " ' ' ;- .
THESIimS OF THE SEISOJ
THE LADIES' GEL BOOM
OV THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET. $r.
OPKX UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
. Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonia for tb«
: sexual and ■ nrinary organs of both sexes, and »
'< : great remedy for disease* ot the kidneys and Mad-
tier. A great Restorative, invigoraiorand .Nervia*.
j bells on its own Merits-no locs-winaed tttu«
! moniais necessary. ' •:<■: ■■•,--■: - ;. ,
>.Aii».K. .vt,i'"S <& BRINK, Agents.
823 Market sit., S. i'.-oena tor Circular)
. ■ ■.-.. ■.-.■■.■ . ■■ .-,::■- ..-,... -.>■. .■■■...-■.', i .-. .* f V
S? OPIUM
The pur* essential extract from the native druqr. . Con-
tains all I the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without ; ts noxious elements. 7; No sickness cf stomach ;
no vomit Jig ; no costtTenew ; no headacJie. All Druggists.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON BTS.-RB-
modeled and renovated.- KING, WARD &. CO.
1 European plan. Rooms 60e to *1 60 per day, Isj
[ to $8 per week. $8 to »30 per month: . free bathi;
j hot and cold water every room;' tint gratai 14
. every room; elevator runs all aunt. . : ■ -
56
CHARLES M. SnORTRIbGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
Daily and Sunday Cali>, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Cam,, one month, by mall.. -.65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.80
Vkklv Call, one year, by ma 11 .............. _U0
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation T It
a*. It Is no trouble lor us to forward THE CAIiI* to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA OHABOE.
- BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
- San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
. ■ 517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, comer day: open until
6:30 ©'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
few . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
en til 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock. ,
116 Math street 1 open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
&08 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Seems 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTS6. Special Agent.
5ATURDAY............ JULY '25. 1898
THE CALL f PEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY:
FOB PRESIDENT—
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, of Ohio
FOB TICF-PREBinE>'T-
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896. .
The free-traders may dodge out of sight,
but the deficit can't be hidden.
Among Eastern Democratic leaders fish
ing has become a great fad this summer.
There is one thing sure in this cam
paign: if you wish a panic rote for Bryan.
Democratic bosses may bulldoze conven
tions, but they cannot bulldoze the people.
Whitney should either mace up his
mind what be is going to do or quit talk
ing.
Very little time is left for registration,
and even the laggards must get a move on
now.
This week has put things into shape
and next week the procession begins to
move.
When Populism and Democracy become
firmly yoked together the kicking will be
lively.
A Democratic gold ticket wonld hardly
admit the holder to eyen so much as a
sideshow.
Leave orders to-day for Thb Sunday
Call and assure yourself of good reading
to-morrow.
>
The remonetization of silver cannot be
safely entrusted to the bauds of Bryan and
Altgeld. We must have statesmen to per
form the task.
Labor and capital, East and West, are
nnited in the need of a return to the pro
tective system, and will work together for
the party of protection.
The middle-of-the-road Populists have
come to the place where th« road forks,
and they must either turn to the right or
follow the Democratic band wagon.
It has been evident for some time that
Cleveland has lost control of his Cabinet
as well as of his party, and it may not be
long before he loses control of himself.
Dana charges the Populists with play
ing a green-goods trick on the Demo
crats; but we notice the Democratic bosses
Beera very well satisfied with the goods.
The best thing in Senator Allen's speech
was the suggestion that the Democratic
goldbugs nominate Charles A. Dana and
Herr Most. The ticket would be a daisy.
Wherever McKinley goes the working
men greet him with cheers, for they know
him to be the champion of American in
dustry and the advance agent of pros
perity.
When California woolen-mills are being
moved to Japan it is time for the working
man to begin asking himself whether Re
publican protection is not necessary to bis
welfare.
The workers in nearly every industry in
America were injured by the Democratic
tariff, and to ask them to vote the Demo
cratic ticket again is to add an insult to
the injury.
Senator Dubois has served notice on the
Democrats that he has joined them on the
silver issue only, and now they are won
dering if that kind of thing can be called
a ratification.
The intelligent workingmen of this
coantry will n«v«r throw away their sub
itance of work and wages for the purpose
of filling themselves on the wind of
Bryan'a oratory.
80 long as trade languishes, industry is
unprofitable and labor cannot find em
ployment the chief issue before the people
is necessarily that of promoting prosperity
and restoring work and wages.
The men who won in the Republican
convention, in the Democratic convention,
in the Silver convention and in the
Populist convention are all clean shaved
fellows. It seems that whiskers must go.
Any Republican who will stand squarely
against the refunding scheme can carry
tbe Fifth District in an easy walkover, for
the Democrats will be too busy washing
Kelly's dirty linen to have any time to
make a race.
The style of government which results
from the success of combinations of
Populists and Democrats has been tried
in Colorado, in Kansas and in Oregon,
and judging from the resnlts in those
States no sane man can be willing to try
the experiment on the Nation.
Conservative Democrats who will vote
for the election of McKinley should unite
with the Republicans for the election of
good business men on the municipal
ticket. Now, that pood citizens are getting
together for tbe benefit of the Nation they
should also act for the benefit ol the City.
ALLEN'S BILLINGSGATE.
Senator Allen was made a delegate to
the Populist convention to help betray
the party into the hands of the new
Democracy, and he tried so hard to accom
plish his purpose that it would have been a
reflection upon his ability to play false—
to murder as be smiled — not to make him
chairman. No valid excuse could be offered
for trying to sell out the party to the
Democracy, and hence a man who could
deal in billingsgate was needed in the
chair to divert attention from the conspir
ators while they were putting the finish
ing touches upon the coffin which it was
hoped would hold the remains of Populism.
Mr. Allen was for many years an lowa
middle-of-the-road Democrat, but some
wuy or somehow he got himself arrested
for a criminal offense, and when the elo
quence of Horace Boies opened the meshes
of the law for him Mr. Allen migrated to
the wilda of Western Nebraska, where he
subsequently turned up as a Populist.
Thus it will be seen that Mr. Allen was the
right man in the right place while the
conspirators were making out the papers
which were to give the Democracy a bill
of sale of the Populist party. Nearly one.
half of the convention was composed of
farmers, mechanics and other honest sons
of toil. It may be said of them that they
are patriotic and sincere lovers of the
country's institutions. They truiy be
lieve that their theories would better the
conditions of existence of all the people,
but their honesty and sincerity have
been played upon by the professional
politicians under the leadership of AlJen.
Never was a convention so dominated by
the professional politician— the politician
who makes his living out of politics.
Chairman Allen's purpose was, while
diverting attention from the cunning work
of his agents, to so magnify the influence
which Wall street exerts upon the busi
ness world that a bitter hatred might be
engendered on the part of Bryan's "com
mon people" toward the larger of the
business enterprises of the country. No
man ever labored harder to set section
against section, neighbor against neighbor,
than did Senator Alien in the Populist
convention. He presented no argument,
but hurled chunk after chunk of rhetori
cal mud at every r/jputable man in the
country who is not in accord with his own
revolutionary purpose. Without even
claiming to have an excuse for it he
abused Major McKinley as no one but a
blackguard could and called him the tool
of Great Britain, of Lombard street, of the
Rothschilds and of Wall street. But, for
that matter, no one who ha.< the right to
be called a gentleman escaped Mr. Allen's
vituperation. Either directly or by infer
ence he assailed every man in America
who is not throwing up his hat for Allen's
kind of Populism, which is the kind that
may always be found on political bargain
counters. Those who have not yet made
up their minds to have nothing to do with
a Democratic • Populist combine should
read Allen's speech. It will convince them
that it would be political smallpox.
PALSIFYING THE RECORD.
If it were not that the people are too
intelligent to be hoodwinked by the
sophistry of the Bryans the days of the
Republic could very easily be numbered.
For instance, the burden of the talk of
such fellows is "the enormous shrinkage
in values since the crime of 1873." That
there has been an enormous shrinkage in
the value of practically all articles of com
merce since 1873 no one will deny, only
that the wages of labor have not fallen in
proportion to what labor has to pay for
articles of consumption. But the Kryans
deliberately lie when they say that these
great reductions in values have not been
highly beneficial to the people, and they
tell another lie when they say the silver
legislation of 1873 exerted any influence
one way or the other in lowering the
range of prices of general goods and wares.
Th*e Bryans know very well that the per
capita money in the United States has
been steadily increasing since 1873. In 1873
the Der capita money was about $18, and
to-day it is over $22. Moreover, our sys
tem of doing business with checks and the
accompanying clearing-bouse system is
estimated to be the equivalent of $50 per
capita, making the actual per capita
money $72. But the per capita of cash is
greater than in England. The "enormous
shrinkage in values," which the Bryans
try to make so much of, is because under
protection inventive genius was stimu
lated to invent machinery that would
make a pair of shoes in a few minutes
wnich required a day's work in 1873.
Clothing of all kinds has decreased greatly
in the cost to the consumer by reason of
improved machinery, but wa^es have not
materially decreased. Iron product, by
reason of discovered chemical and me
chanical processes, has been reduced in cost
to consumers as much as any other ar
ticles of trade, as has everything that goes
into the building trades, but wages have
met with no such scaling down.
When the "crime of 1873" was commit
ted it took a carpenter a whole day to
make a panel door, but machinery now
turns out s door in five minutes, but the
carpenter's wages are substantially the
same. The cost of traveling on a railway
or shipping freight is less than half what
it was in 1873, but wages of railway em
ployes ar« still highly remunerative. And
what is true of the articles of manufacture
and transportation charges mentioned is
true of nearly every department of indus
try. The efficiency of labor has been mul
tiplied many times sine* 1873, but wages
have been subjected to little change; and,
moreover, every dollar in circulation is
worth its face in cold. At no period In
the history of America was the circulating
money medium as nniform in purchasing
power as it has been since that awful
"crime."
GOING TO JAPAN.
Shipping the machinery of a California
woolen factory to Japan because it does
not pay to operate it here is a telling ob
ject lesson in economics. This State pro
duces a fine grade of wool, and our woolen
mill operatives are as capable as any in
this or any other country, but what is the
use of trying to compete on practically
equal footing with the cheap labor of Eu
rope and the Orient? The wool and
woolen factory industries should be strong
and conspicuous factors in California's
business life, and they would be if reason
able protective duties were in force. The
repeal of the tariff act of 1890 was a hard
blow at this Btate in more ways than one,
ana the struggle to stem the adverse tide
has been heroic, but although the election
of Major McKinley and the adoption of
sufficiently high customs duties to warrant
capital in engaging in industrial enter
prises is well assured, the fact remains
that capital will not take very many
chances.
But the removing of industrial machin
ery from San Francisco to a foreign coun
try because our own Government is hostile
to its operation is certainly a reflection
upon our system of government. In a
little while we shall be receiving woolen
fabrics from Japan. If we are curious
enough to look oeyond tbe goods to the
factory in which they are produced we
shall find that they are the product of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
machinery tbst failed here because of the
hostility of our own Government. It
would seem, however, that the country
has so many reasons to believe that the
people will rieht all these tariff wrongs in
November that it wonld not be an exhi
bition of unsound business sense to bold
on a little longer. The people certainly
know how disastrous the Wilson-Gorman
tariff act has been, and we have faith that
they will vote in harmony with their best
interests and give the country the legisla
tion it so much needs.
AS TO SEWALL.
The president of one National bank; a
director in a dozen other banks; a manu
facturer who wants his products subsidized
by the Government; an aristocrat who is
aristocratic because he has millions of dol
lars; a monopolist because it swells his
profits at the expense of the public, and
an oppressor of labor, is a good enough
kind of a man in the estimation of some
people, but on general principles such an
individual would not make a first-class
Populist. Nevertheless, Arthur Sewall,
Democratic candidate for Vice-President,
who is exactly the kind of a man here
described, is trying very hard to make
farmers and other working people believe
that he is a Populist from center to cir
cumference.
As a National banker Mr. Sewall looks
upon a Populist as little better than a
highwayman. As an owner of ships he
looks upon his sailors as little better than
cattle. As a manufacturer he looks upon
the Government as something that should
pay a bounty to his products. As a mil
lionaire he looks upon labor as the mud
sills of the aristocratic social edifice he
lives in, but as a candidate for office Mr.
Sewall would be a Populist, a laborer and
a mudsjll.
The Devil wag sick— the Devil a monk would be;
The l>«vll was well— the devil a mock was he.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
To-morrow's edition of The Call will be
pre-eminently the California Sunday
newspaper. It will, as it always is, be
written, edited ana illustrated by Califor
nia talent alone, nor will it be second in
any respect to the best of the Eastern pro
ductions. Thb Sunday Call is more at
tractive, more interesting, typographically
and artistically more pleasing and more
meritorious, more free from freaks and dis
tortions, more expensive and more read
able than any other Sunday newspaper
west of Chicago— and as to the truthful
ness of this statement the reader is merely
asked to exercise his own good taste and
judgment.
More than all, however — let it be re
peated—The Sunday Call is everybody's
newspaper because its columns are replete
with the incident, the poetry, the things
of human interest that occur nearest home
first of all, and then with the complete
news of all the wide world. Some of its
particularly attractive features for to
morrow are:
"The Most Uncanny Spot on the Face
of the Earth," being a graphic description
in words and pictures of some of the weird
wonders of Superstition Mountains.
■'Some of the Things an Idle Man Found
in the Odd Corners of San Francisco."
••Th» One Trolley-car Without a
Fender."
•'The Art Renaissance at Monterey."
"The First Pictures of the Season."
"The Window Gardens of San Fran
cisco."
"Thought Photography and the Finer
Forces of Nature."
•'The Probability of Future Long-dis
tance Vision."
"The New Prophet of San Lorenzo Creek
and His Crazy Craft on the Mud Flats of
Alameda."
"The Kind of Women That Men Like
Best."
"Why Does the Educated American Girl
Prefer Poverty to Domestic Berrice?"
pleasingly written, out of the experience
of one who took service.
"It Is Better to Sleep on the Back, snd
Why."
"The Poet Burns as a Mystic of the
Fields."
"The Letter From Home."
A further installment of those stories
the children wrote about the ducks and
the peas.
Novelties in things for men and women
to wear.
THE BEST WORK.
Sacramento Bee.
Common everyday newspapermen like Ned
Hamilton and J. P. Cosgrave have sent better
material from 8t Louis and Chicago than have
all the high-priced and much-advertised out
ilde talent liiie J. J. Ingails, Henry George and
Lew Wallace. It is one thing to make a speech
one thing to write a book and ie quite another
thing to hustle up news, write it breezily and
stop when you get through.
VERY READABLE MATTER.
Fan Francisco Post
Colonel Shortridge's bright young man, John
Paul Cosgrtve, is sending from St. Louis some
very readable matter on the Populist convon
tioa.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Aunt Hepsy, won't you come to Miss In
nett's pink tea?"
"Law, child, I've tried those fancy kinds,
but I like green tea best."— Brooklyn Life,
Watts— l wonder if the water v fit to drink
y«t?
Potts— l guess it Is. An eel came through
our hydrant this morning, and it seemed to
be in good health. — Indianapolis Journal.
"I think all children bhould learn early to
say 'No.' "
"Yes, boys should, of course; but with girls
there are times when they should be prepared
to sty 'Yes.' " — Chicago Record.
Dyer— Colonel Kalmuck hasn't laughed In
years.
Duer— Why?
Dyer — Some one told him his laugh sounded
like rippling water I— Town Topics.
Teacher— Who was the wisest man f
Tommy — Noah.
Teacher— Noah ?
Tommy— Yes'm. He was the only man who
knew enough to come in when it rained.— In
diauaoohs Journal.
He— Darling, we'll have a lot to contend with
when we are married.
Bhe— Yes, dear; we'll have each other.—Lon
dou Judy.
Faddy— Snapshot was showing me a lot of
photographs be has taken. They are only
passable, butto hear Snapshot talk you would
think them marvels of the photographic art.
Duddy— Yes; Snapshot isn't much of an
artist, but then his views are better than bis
opinions.— Boston Transcript
Mr«. BlinKeri— Well, did you so to the doctor
to see about that sting on little Jimmy?
Mr. Blinkers— Yes. He said we should put
mud on it. He charged me $2 for the pre
scription, but he gava me the mud for noth
ing.—New York Weekly.
"It's strange that Jane Goldi* should fancy
that Tom Branscombe. I hear they are en
gaged."
'■Yes: she admiies him for his strength."
"I didn't know he had any strength."
"She think* he has. She saw him raise a car
window at the first attempt."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
Doctor — You are suffering from a complica
tion of diseases, my dear sir— at least six.
Humorous Invalid— How much discount do
you give me on half & doten, doctor?— Londou
Tit-Bits.
PERSONAL.
W. H. Allderdioe. U. B. N., is at the Palace
again.
Major E. P. Enright has returned home from
Tocaloma.
Joseph Enright has returned home from
Tocaloma.
«. H. Burton, the Willows banker, has a
room at the Grand.
Dr. J. O. Balrd and family of Riverside are
guests at the Grand.
A. R. Denicke of San Jose arrived at the
California last night.
Dr. J. M. Lang of Chicago is registered at
the Palace with his wife.
Dr. F. O. Leonard of St. Thomas, Ontario, ar
rived at the Grand yesterday.
J. A. Cummings, a farmer of Prescott, Arir.,
is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
E. Wallace, a business man of Dayton, Ohio,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
F. H. Folsom, a merchant of Everett, Wash.,
is making a short visit at the Grand.
E. H. Breidenbaeh, a large manufacturer of
St. Louis, Mo., is a guest at the Grand.
Fred Mason, a fruitmnn of Sacramento, Is
among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
Henry Teal, a young merchant of Portland,
Or., is one of the guests at the California.
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek depart
ment In Stanford University is at the Califor
nia.
J. F. Devendorf, a real estate man of San
Jose, is one of yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
C. G. Betts of Spokane, manager and one of
the proprietors of the Gates concentrator, is
at the Lick.
Captain O. C. Berryman of the United States
Marine Corps is one of the latest arrivals at
the Occidental
W. H. Cleary of Stockton, whose business In
terests are In a mine and a sheep ranch, regis
tered at the Lick yesterday,
Adolpne Roos and George H. Roos have ar
rived in hew York. They will visit all the
largest manufacturing cities in the East.
Lieutenant-Colonel W. Sinclair of the United
States army arrived from the East yesterday
with his wife and went to the Occidental.
Judge J. M. Walling of Nevada City is at the
Russ en a business visit to town in connection
with the prospective municipal water works of
Nevada City.
L. J. Rose, the capitalist and racehorse
owner of Los Angeles, who has been men
tioned as a Congressional possibility, arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
Gustav Melchers of Shanghai, China, one of
the great commercial firm of Melchers A Co.,
with headquarters in Germany, is at the
Palase, on his way to the Orient.
"W. H. Walker of Portland, Or., one of the
proprietors of the Distilling and Cattle Feed
ing Company, with works at Grant, Or., is
here on a business visit, and is registered at
the Lick.
Judge Troutt and wife and Martin Stevens,
the attorney, and wife returned to their homes
in this City yesterday from a short visit to
Puget Sound ports in the course of a little va
cation outing.
Detective J. M. Dorcy of the New York police
force is in San Francisco, visiting his brother
Peter Dorcy. Detective Dorcy is being shown
round town by the detectives of the "upper
office" at the City Hall.
John Kelly of Portland, Or., formerly senior
partner of the oil firm of Kelly, Dunne & Co.
of that city, but latterly interested in marine
insurance, arrived at the Lick yesterday on a
week's visit to recuperate his health.
J. J. Gottlob, the well-known theatrical
manager, returned to the Baldwin Hotel last
night after a three months' visit in the East,
whither he went to secure attractions for the
Columbia Theater a year in advance.
L. L. Bailey of Denver, who has been looking
over the Randsburg distrlct.near Mojave, for an
Eastern mining syndicate, and who is soon
going to Alaska to investigate there for the
same company, is staying at the Palace.
James P. McCarthy, the well-known real
estate man, has gone to Los Angeles and
Southern California, to look after the large
property interests of James P. and E. A very
McCarthy and their real estate corporations. "
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 24.-Arrivals on
the North German liner Spree were: Los
Angeles— Miss Edna Bumiller and Miss Blotta,
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Hickey. San Fran
cisco—Louis Heimburg, Theodore Lieberman.
At the Plaza — W. M. Wormier. Astor— C.
Hadenfeldt, Mrs. Fernsld. Grand Union— W.
B. Hanson. Albert— T. Liberman. Metropoli
tan—H. 0. Shueser. Imperial— A. Walter.
WHEN WOMEN SAY THEY WILL.
Maria rides a blcykll* r - ■ " ■ ■
That's painted red and bine.
An' I reckon' she'll be bouncln' "
In them colored bloomers, toe* -
But what's the use in howlin'T
Uot to climb the bill !
Ain't no good in growlln' .
When the women say they wUU
The hoss is idle in the lot—
She's let the old mule slide;
She's channel completely since she go 1
That bicyklle to ride 1
But what's the use In shomlnT •
001 to cilutb ibe hill I'
Ain't no nse In poutln' . .'
When th« women say they wi*»
The world— lt keeps a tnrnln*— ' '
We're all the time at sea; :
It's left me in the kitchen
Wher* Maria used to be I
But what's the use In slngin'T .
Got to climb the hill! ." §gg?3
Ain't no rood In cry In' ■••'•'s-'S^feßf ■ " N
When the women say they will ■
—Atlanta Constitution.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mme. Dcs chumps, who invented the popnlsr
Julienne soop, died recently in Paris at the
age of 94.
Dr. Lawson Tait o! Birmingham has invented
an instrument whereby toe electric current
may bo applied for the arrest of bleeding.
In the Dae de Kemours died tne last Knight
of the Order of St. Esprit, which was estab
lished by Henry 111, and finally abolished in
1830.
Dr. WitUtein, a botanist of Leipsic, Ger
many, has just issued a book on plants, in
which he says that the White Mountains are
in the State of Utah.
Dr. Channcey Lyer of Stamford, Conn., Is
the oldest living graduate of the Yale medical
•chooL He was a member of tae class of 1831 ,
and was born in 1608.
Milan's monument to King Victor Emman
uel was unveiled on June 24, the thirty
seventh annivery of the battle of San Martino,
where King Victor commanded in person.
A miniature of the young Duchess of Marl
borougb. has recently been painted by Miss
Kussner. The Duke has ordered two copies of
the portrait, the total cost being some £300.
A set of large drawings by Thackeray, made
for the album of his friend. Mrs. Robert Bell,
and described by her in Harper's Magazine
five years ago, will be sola in London shortly.
From Budapest comes the announcement
that a daughter of -John Wans maker, the woil
known millionaire of Philadelphia, Is to
marry Count Felix Haronoourt, a wealthy
noble.
Sir Walter Besant has declared in a speech
at London that he does not believe that Can
ada, Australia and the other principal colonies
will continue the fiction of dependence upon
Great Britain for any great length of time.
The richest man in Nevr Hampshire is now
said by the Boston Herald to be the Hon.
Charles E. Tilton of Tilton. The tragic death
of Austin Corbin has left as his successor in
wealth this reputed possessor of a fortune of
$21, 000,000.
Prinoe Colonna Sclarra has made a compro
mise with the Italian Government. AH of the
family pictures painted by Italian artists are
placed at the disposal of the Government, and
will not leave Italy; pictures by foreigners the
Prince may sell to whom he pleases.
Senator Vest in his~younger days, they say,
when he was a plain lawyer, wore b«ar'g oil on
bis hair and went to the dances in Pettis
County, Missouri, as th* "slickest" beau on the
floor. In Un Virginia im! 1i« wu Uie pottry
of motion, and when he tackled the heel-and
toe polka everybody who didn't carry accident
policies got off the floor.
Sir David Salomons, an English writer on
apparatus for electric-light stations, has singu
larly varied scientific tastes. He is a member
of geological, microscopical and astronomical
societies, and is particularly prominent among
civil aud electrical engineers in Great Britain.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE FAT-LACY OP FREE TRADE.
The Effect of Protection is Uphoi-dtkq thk
Bt.axd.ird of American Manhood.
To many persons the case in favor of free
trade comes with the force of a mathematical
demonstration; two and two do not more
clearly make four. The erection of any artifi
cial barriers to the free exchange of commodi
ties seems to them childishly foolish. Let
every article be made, they say, and all food
and raw material produced where there are
the greatest natural facilities; in other words,
where they can be manufactured or grown
cheapest. Thus the labor and capital of the
globe will be at their highest efficaoy; all arti
cles will be available at a minimum cost and
the general welfare of mankitid promoted.
If it be objected that the first effect of free
trade is always to throw a large number of peo
ple out of employment, to destroy capital and
disarrange industry the free-traders have their
answer ready, smile in a superior way and an
nounce ex cathedra that the objection is
founded on an ignorance of economic laws.
Capital, they say, is not destroyed. It betakes
itself to more profitable industries, thereby
creating a new and probably greater demand
for labor, resulting, of course, in higher wages
and the millennium for the workingman.
What wonder that an agreement so strong
holds many acute minds in thrall?
And the free-traders are right if we make
one concession. If man is a mere instrument
for money-making, if the individual man Is
only a spoke in a huge wealth-prouucing
machine, having no higher duties, aspirations
or feeling than those involved in earning a
living, if it makes no difference what race or
color he is of, in what country, and under
wftat conditions be labors, then, Indeed, they
are right, for that is the logical outcome of
their position.
Protectionists, on the other hand, do not al
ways defend their position wisely, or under
stand how complete and far-reaching is their
case. They are half apologetic. They appear
to have a haunting doubt that perhaps, after
all, those loud-shouting, dogmatic free-traders
are right Let them take heart of grace and
they will find their opponent's doctrine un
patriotic and monstrous.
It is unpatriotic because w<t cannot hold it a
matter of indifference, c. g., whether England
should make all the iron goods, ships and ma
chinery for the world; or whether all the
spindles must go to India, China or Japan;
whether California must devote herself ex
clusively to fruit and the great North to wheat,
no; it is good for a istate to have a diversified
life, affording opportunities for different kiuds
of talents. Civilization itself depends on it,
for it takes all sorts to make a nation. The
United States must hear the music of the ship
builders' hammers no less than the "gee" and
"haw" of the plowman.
And It is a monstrous doctrine, because it re
gards the workingman as a mere pawn in a
game. He is thought of as an impersonal ab
straction. Your true economist does not even
speak of him as a man, but tickets him "La
bor" or "Wages," and nabitually argues about
him as an incident in the production of wealth.
What a monstrous perversion this is I
Industry exists, or ought to exist, for the
workers. Wages are not a mere item in the
capitalist's weekly payroll. They are them
selves, in a much truer sense, the object for
which production goes on. For, whether is
more important— that vanderbilt should add
million to million, or that 100,000 families
should live in comfort and decency, raising
good and sturdy citizens?
I |The tendency of free trade is to throw more
and more power into the rich man's hand, to
place the poor man more hopelessly in his
power, to promote these gigantic rings and
trusts, the special evils of American civiliza
tion. It is an extension of the doctrine of di
vision of labor, and would result in the deg
radation oi the worker, depriving him of his
godlike faculty of all-rouud development and
putting him into one little nlcbe, out of which
ne could not stir on peril of being ground to
powder by the worid-girdliag machine of
which he is the merest atom.
Kveu the contention that the displacement
of industry due to the adoption of free trade
does, at worst, but a temporary harm will not
stand close examination. The displaced work
ers, according to the theory, go where their
services are ia greatest request. Admirable 1
According to the fact, they sink into the
ranks of and compete with unskilled labor,
Many of them go lower stili, and no longer as
"wages" or "labor," but as men and women
are trampled in tne mire. And;their children
poor, wee devils— what becomes of them ?
Nor does the capitalist come off scathless.
He is supposed to remove his capital joyfully
to some more profitable investment. Indeed 1
Yet these same armchair philosophers remind
us, truly enough, that a manufacturer's capi
tal consists of his factories, wort-hops, ma
chinery, etc. Let the capitalist then take Com
fort. He can transfer his ready money to
Hamburg or London, and his dismantled fac
tories and plant will look interesting as ruins 1
This question is not only an economic but a
moral one. Good economics and good morals
will not be found at loggerheads. There was
once an archbishop who inadca wise remark -
In moral questiong two and two do not al
ways make four. E. a. Wkiuht,
430 Bryant street, San Francisco.
TUCKED SHIRT WAIST.
One of the season's novelties is the shirt
wais*. of batiste, dimity, lawn and even or
gandie — in fact any sneer fabric, tucked across
the top of sleeves and waist. The cuff* and
collar are cut like the usual shirt waist and
may be stiffly starched, while others are of
rows of Insertion and the fabric and nre not
starched. Still others have a simple band on
neck and sleeves, and are worn with ribbon
collars and fold of the same ribbon on sleeves.
The simplest method of makiug these waists
is to tuck the material first ana then cut after
our plain pattern, which is marked to show
where the tucks are placed.
Such waists are made of any sheer fabric for
separate waists, and are also made into cos
tumes with a skirt to match.
A waist of natural colored linen batiste had
the cuffs and collars made of rows of narrow
Valenciennes insertion and the goods, the
edges finished by a narrow frill of lace to
match.
A waist of figured dimity in green and pink
has a folded collar of pink ribbon.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Custbr Citt— C. R., City. Cutter City, in
the Btate oi Pennsylvania, is in McKean
County.
Dime of '95— R. R., Uklab, Cal. A dime ot
1895 coined in Saa Francisco is worth exactly
10 cents.
A Gold Dollar— A. S. f City. A gold dollar
of the United States minted in 1349 commands
a premium of ID cents.
Vi( Real— A. C. R., City. Un real, or a 12J$
cent piece, is worth, selling price, from 35 to
60 cents. No premium is offered by coin deal
ers for such.
Thx Tabiffs— C. D., City. Any bookstore
will furnish you with copies of the McKinley
and Wilson tariffs, lf you care to do so you
can see both at the Free Public Library.
Caxikobnia's Representatives— R. C. M.,
Glenbrook, Cal. California has seven Repre
sentatives in the lower house of Congress, of
which six are Republican and one Democrat.
John Bull— A. C. R., City. The term "John
Bull," applied collectively to the English na
tion, first appeared in a satire called "The His
tory of John Bull," which, tor a loug time, It
was supposed had been written by Swift, but
which in reality was trom the pen ot Dr. Ar
buthnot. In the satire John Bull is repre
sented as a bluff, kind-hearted but bull*
headed farmer.
Silver iy thb World— C. 8., City. Accord
ing to the latest money tables prepared by the
Bureau of the Mint of the United States the
amount of silver in the world was, in the lat
ter part of last year, $3,931,100,000.
Gold Dollar— Mrs. F. A., City. The pre
mium offered on gold dollars of 1852 and of
1853 is 15 cents. This department has repeat
edly announced that it cannot advertise the
business location of dealers in old coins.
Silver in thb United States— W. W. P.
Pasadena, Cal. According to the report of the
Director of the Mint the approximate amount
of silver in the United States is $624,000,000,
The amount of silver in the world is $3,931,
-100,000.
George Osbottikk— J. H. C, City. George
Osbourue did play the part of the Coxswain in
"The Ensign" at the Columbia with the Fraw
ley Company. Mr. Arbuckel, who was cast for
the part, was taken sick, and Mr. Osboume
filled his place for one week.
The Bolton Exploration— M. 8., City. The
expenses of the Rev. \V. W. Bolton, who has
cone North on a tour of exploration, are paid
by a publishing firm in the northern part of
the const, which, has engaged him to write a full
description of his discoveries.
No Such Prohibition— Mrs. H. F., City. Taere
is no law that declares that none but American
flags shall be carried through the streets of
San Francisco, but there is a law which de
clares that no military com pany while on pa
rade shall carry any but the American flag.
llMetthb Ekimt— B. Y. M., Oakland Cal.
"We have met the enemy and they are ours,"
was the memorable dispatch sent by Commo
dore Oliver Hazard Perry. U. 8. N.. to General
William Henry Harrison after he had captured
the British fleet near Put-in Bay, Onio, Sep
tember 15, 1813.
De. Dille's Bible— Q. A., City. Dr. E. R.
Dille of the Central M. E. Church of this City
uses both the King James and the revised edi
tion of the Bible, but for ordinary use he pre
fers the King James version. He uses the re
vised Bible chieily as a commentary on the au
thorized version.
Chicago's Masonic Temple— R. M., City. Tlie
Masonic Temple hi Chicago, at State and Ran
dolph streets, having a frontage of 170 feet on
the first named street and 114 on the last
named, twenty stories in height, with an ele
vation of 265 feet, was commenced in 1890
and finished in three years. It cost
$3,000,000.
The Vote of 1894— R. C. M., Glenbrook, Cal.
The total number of votes cast in the several
counties of the State at the election held in
1894 was 284,948. The vote for Governor will
show the complexion of the vote: James H.
Budd (D.) 111,944, Morris M. Estee (R.) 110.
-738, Henry French (Pro. J 10,561, 3. V. Web
•ter (Pop.) 51,304.
The Mulct Law— J. H. N. W., Modesto, Cal.
It was during the twenty-fifth session of thy
Legislature of lowa, which was In session from
January 8 to April 6,1894, that the mulct tax
law was passed. The Legislature of that State
for 1894-95 was 34 Republican Senators, 79
Republican Assemblymen, 15 Democratic Sen
ators, 21 Democratic Assemblymen and 1 Inde-
Scndent Democrat. The Legislature of 1892
-3 on joint ballot was 77 Republicans, 71
Democrats, X Union Labor ana 1 People's
Party.
The Pxp.kman Tragedy— J. H. E., Pike City,
Sierra County, Cal. Dr. Joseph White Webster
was professor of chemistry and mineralogy in
the medical school in Boston connected with
Harvard University. He was born in Boston
May 20, 1793, aud wag- hanged August 30,
1850, for the murder of Dr. George Parkman.
The latter called at the college to collect a
debt of long standing from Dr. Webster, who,
irritated by the language used by Dr. Park
man, struck him a fatal blow and then en
deavored to conceal the body of the murdered
man.
The Tkias Midland— J. E. M., Oakland, Cal.
Edwin H. ft. Green, the son of Hetty Green,
the richest woman in the United States, is
president, general manager and purchasing
agent of the Texas Midland Bail way. This
road was built as a branch of the Texas Cen
tral Railway, but separated from that property
on February 29, 1893, and was turned over to
the new company, of which Mr. Green is a
member. The road runs from Garrett to
Roberts, Texas, and the princiDal office is at
Terrell. The distance is 52.06 miles, but since
the transfer other branches have been added
and the mileage of the road is now 7547
miles.
English Mowet— E. P. 8.. City. In an Eng
lish sovereign there are 123.27447 grains of
standard gold. The standard gold is eleven
twelfths pure gold and one-twelfth alloy
and the fineness 1* 916.66. One ounceof pure
gold, Troy weight, is worth in London £4 3s
HVj'd, while standard gold is worth £3 17s
10Ud. The tender of Bank of England notes
b legal in England and Wales for every pur
pose except at the bank. No one. however,
can be compelled to give cnange; that means
that such notes are legal teuder ior any amount
above £5 sterling. Gold ot above the least
cv rrent weight is legal tender for any amount.
Silver is not a legal tender for any amount ex
ceeding £2 sterling; and bronze, including
farthings, is not a legal tender for any amount
in excess of Is.
Burned Aute-T. J. P., Mare Island, Cal. On
the 29th of October, 1895, Henry Hilliard, a
colored man, was slowly burned to death in
the public square in Tyler, Tex. He murdered
and then mutilated the body of the 19-year
old wife of Leonard Bell, a farmer, and as he
was escaping he was captured by a mob num
bering about two thousand. Officers attempted
to rescue him, but they were powerless. Hil
liard made confession, in which he admitted
killing Mrs. Bell, and gave as an excuse that
he met her on a lonely road and he was afraid
that if he let her pass she would, when reach
ing her friends, charge him wita having at
tacked her. therefore he made up his mind to
kill her. He was taken to the public square,
placed ou a pile of wood and chained to it,
after which the murdered woman's husband
set fire to the piie and the miserable wretch
Biowly burned to death.
A Bmm Battery— J. G., City. The following
are the directions laid down for making a Smee
electrical battery: Use either, a jar or large
earthen crook for a large or a tumbler for a
small battery. The battery consists of a silver
plate, or sometimes a lead pla;e, which is
coated with a fine powdery deposit of platinum
which gives the surface a rough character so
that hydrogen will not adhere to it, sus
pended between two plates of zinc. The two
sines are connected with each other, forming
one pole, and the silver or lead forms the other
pole. Care must bt taken to prevent the zincs
from touching each other or the middle piate.
The solution used in this battery is composed
of one part sulphuric acid to twenty of water.
This battery is useful where a strong constant
current is required. The zincs should be
rubbed frequently wita mercury to prevent
wasting.
Brother Jonathan— a. C. R., City. In the
United States Jonathan Trumbuil, who was
Governor of Connecticut from 1769 to 1783,
was the first one to whom the term "Brother
Jonathan" was applied, and the expression is
said to have sprung from General Washing
ton's habitual use of it to designate the Gov
ernor. Washington had such confidence in
the Governor that whenever he was in doubt
or difficulty he would say, "I must consult
Brother Jonathan." Since then it has become
tne accepted term to designate an American.
Tnis is the generally accepted origin of the
expression, but it was used long betore that
date. In 1643 there was published a pamphlet
under the title of "The Reiromado," precisely
characterized by a transformed churchwarden
at a vestry, Lonuon, and in that occurs the
following passage: "Queen Elizabeth's monu
ment was put up at my chargewhen the regal
government had fairer credit among us than
now. and her epitaph was one of my Brother
Jonathan's best poems before he abjured the
university or had a thought of New Eugland "
Black Friday-0. C. R., City. History
records three Black : Fridays. The term was
first applied to the Friday on which news was
received in London that Cnarleg Edward, the
young pretender, had reached Derby, the 6th
of December. 1745. i The announcement cre
ated a terrible panic in England. - The term
was again used in London on the 11th of May
1866, when the failure of Overend, Gurnev &
Co., on the previous day, occasioned wide
spread financial ruin. The celebrated Blaoir
Friday of the United States^ occurred on the
24th or September, 1869. - The cause of the
panic was the attempt of Jay Gould and oth
ers to corner the gold market by buying all the
gold in the banks in the city' of New -York
For ■ several days prior to that date gold rose
stead it being the aim of the speculators to
send it from 144 to 200. •. On the Friday named
the whole city wag astir, and the banks were
rapidly selling gold, which, had reached 182$
?nrt t « a ». s i il rlsl ? 5- Men became frantic
and the wildest excitement prevailed. : For a
ID VU\, Beem . ed ? a " all vthe business houses
would have to close on account of inability to
m?« V-" w P , « l 0 charge lor their goods. , In
the midst : : of the panic ■ George S. Bout well,
then Secretary of the United Slates Treasury
threw $4,000,000 of gold on the market, the
price at ' once fell and the panic came to an
*' C? the manipulation, however. Gould
iIIOOOOoJ artn * rs cleftMd something like
FOOD FOR MIND AND BODY
Woman Suffragists to Have a
Booth at the Alameda
County Fair.
The Association's Badge Is Growing
in Favor, Requests for It
Being Numerous-
At the forthcoming Alameda County
Fair, which is to open on the 3d or August,
the woman suffragists are to have a booth,
which will undoubtedly be the center of
much admiring interest. Light refresh
ments will be served free of charge to all
visitors, wlio will be given qnantities of
suffrage literature to take away with them
and digest at leisure. Mrs. "Wood, a well
known ovcr-the-bay equal suffrage apostle,
visited the Woman Suffrage Bureau yes
terday and waxed eloquent over the pro
ject, in which she is a leading epirit.
"In that booth," she remarked, "we
intend to show all visitors, particularly
the men/ that the women who want to yoU
are not unmindful of their home duties
nor unversed in housewifely arts. We
shall show piles of the finest needlework:
and pyramids of toothsome preserves, be
sides many other products of home toil,
and not a wen-hemmed handkerchief nor
a jar of jelly shall be seen in the place
unless it be the actual work of a suffra
gist.' 1
Requests for badges are daily increasing,
and a few tons will soon have to be kept,
so to speak, on tap. The badge represent!
the stripes of red and white, but there are
only tnree stars, representing the three
States in winch citizens of both seres have
the privilege of tne ballot. A suggestive
space is left for California's stellar am
b!<>m when she shall be entitled to one.
The Emporium management has caused
a number of artistic hand-painted pla
cards to be placed in every prominent por
tion of the interior of the building, bear
ing the following inscription:
You are invited to visit the rooms of the
Woman Suflrage Asuociai ion, rooms 563,56*
and st>s. tifth floor, this building. Take vest,
front elevator.
BANDSBERG GOLD.
Owners Ask Too Much and Discourage
Needed Capital.
L. L. Bailey, a mine expert of Denver,
Colo., arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Recently he was in the Randsberg dis
trict, down near Mojave, looking over the
ground for an Eastern syndicate repre
senting New York and New England cap*
ital. In about, a fortnight he will start for
Alaska to look over the Held near Juneau
and to the southward.
He says that the Randsberg district is
not a poor man's country. Large capital
ia necessary to develop the mines, which
are principally quartz, although there
could be some placer mines if there was
water to work them. Everything bat been
taken up, and laigely by men who hava
neither experience as miners nor capital to
employ those that have.
In the principal camp, the town of
Randsberg, there are about 300 persons.
Perhaps fifty men are actually engaged in
mining.
Ever since the nominations capital has
been stagnant, waiting to se« which way
to move, Mr. Bailey's advices admon
ished him to do nothing. Recently, ha
says, $75,000 was paid on a $300,000 propo
sition in Utah, but the company aban
doned it as soon as the nominations were
made, preferring to hang on to what cap
ital it has until the elections shall have
been decided.
Mr. Bailey is a silverite, but he thinks
that the effect of the election of McKinley
upon the movement of business through
out the country can be predicted as bene
ficial, while the result 01 Bryan'a election
ia problematical.
Soft Baby Cream 13c. lb. Townsend't. •
— —
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend'i.*
A Nice present for Eastern friends—Towa
•end's C*l. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st. *
Ir you want fine service, fine carriage*, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac. Carriage Co.*
Fpfctal information daily to mannfaoturs-v
business houses and public men by ths iTaji
Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, olu Montgomery. '
"Iwiehwe were rich, John, and could do
something for the world," Mrs. Clertcus re
marked, half devotedly, half im patiently,
"But, my dear, we can do good in a quiet
way now."
"Yes, but no ope will ever hear of it."—Lon
don Tit-Bits.
Cheap .Excursion to St. Paul.
The Sbasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. it. at
Bt. Paul, to be held there September 'J to 5. 'The
excursion will leave ' San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. x. Kates 67 90 for ilia
round trip. . The above rave is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 888 Market
treet, ban Francisco, for sleeping-car reservations.
Are You Going Kasi?
 The Atlantic and . Pacific Railroad— Santa P«
route— is the coolest' and moot comfortable sin
mer line, _ owing to its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted !or the trans*
portation of families becau.se of Us palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping,
cars, which run daily through " from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office. 644 Market street, Chronicle bulldln*
Telephone, Alain .1531. :
A Safe, simple »nd effective remedy for In
digestion In dose of Ayer's Pills. Try the Pills
and make your meals enjoyable.
Aftkb a sleepless night use Dr. Siegert's Angos
tura Bitters to tone up your system. All druggist*.
ffe— l'd like to know what enjoyment you
can find in goiug from store to store, looking
at things you haven't the least idea of bur
ins?
She— l know I can't buy them, but there la
a sort of melancholy pleasure in thin kins; that
I could have bought them if I had married
George Scales when I had the chance, Instead
of taking you.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
HEW TO-DAT."
Mbigcdt
i^^k Fruit Jars
PER DOZ. PINTS
55c PER DOZ. QUARTS
75c PER DOZ. HALF '. GALLONS
3oc PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES
OXTT PRICES
Crockery, Chinaware and Glassware.
Come and Gat Posted.
Great American bqmrtiit Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market at. i 6 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. aiB Third st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Filtmore St.
617 Kearny st. : 065 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st*
531 Montgomery «v«. " 104 Second st.
*33 Hayes st y - p 3259 MlMloa st.
S3 Market at. (Headquarters) , 8. P.
1033 Washlngtea st. 616 E. Twelfth st. . ;
13 1 Sao Pablo mve. 917 Broadway, Oakland
' , i?«l£Klllli*!A!saM*b rSATURDAY JULY 26, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
TAiTrosiriA THKATEB.-"Carmen."
Baldwin Theater. — "Bohemia," next Monday
evening, -
Columbia Theater—" Moths." .
Wonosco'B ci ILhA-norbK — Irish Inspiration."
ivoi.i OFKRA-Horsit— "Martha."
Obpheum— High-Class Vaudeville.
t-rTRo Baths— Bathing and performances.
•-hoot thk Chtjtks— Dally at Halght street,
out block east 01 the Park.
Presidio Atblktic Gbouxss— Baseball to-
morrow, Sunday.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Chamber of Commerce wants a naviga
tion class established in tne evening school.
Charles J. Armbruster has sued the Excel
sior Coal Company tor $7500 for attorneys
fees. ! '.- . . ' -
Samuel McFadden was yesterday appointed
administrator of the $2200 estate of Rose
Dever.
Ann Coleman yesterday applied for letters of
administration on the $3500 estate of Michael
Coleman. ' . .
Secretary Holbrook prevented a so-called
rabbit hunt at the Presidio Athletic grounds
yesterday.
The pretty new badge gotten out by the
Woman's Suffrage Association is becoming
very popular. - .
Judge Conlan yesterday increased the bonds
of Laura Gibbons, charged with cruelty to a
minor, to $1000.
The Thirty-third Assembly District organ
ize a Republican Club in the interest of Me-
Kinley and protection.
"Cloudy Saturday morning, light westerly
winds and fog offshore" is all the weather
office can predict for to-day.
J. F. Him has applied for letters of adminis
tration on the estate of Margaret A. Hinz,
whose property is worth $2500.
An opposition to Samuel J. Hendy's petition
for distribution of the Joshua Hendy estate
has been fiied by Josephine Green.
Hughey Macdougall has sued R. B. Markle
and the Teredo Proof Pile Company t > recover
patent rights alleged to be worth,ssoo,oOo.
Ed, alias. Red Reed, was arrested yesterday
for fleecing William Goethe, a Salvation Army
soldier, out of $4 50 through the lock trick.
The San Francisco Labor Council last night
> decided that only members of trades unions
shall speak at the mass-meeting on Labor day.
The Supreme Court has reversed the judg
ment of the trial court in Chetwood vs. the
ialifoinia National Bauk and Richard P.
Thoma?.
The St. George Club will give an elaborate
entertainment to-night at the clubrooms,
which will consist oi music and athletic at
tractions.
The jury in the case of Jane Garcia, accused
of ma. treating the boy Santiago Cabrello. failed
to ntree alter hearing all the evidence and was
.-ged.
At the meeting of the Supervisors' Judiciary
Committee yesterday :>everal small streets
were recommended expunged from the new
official m«p.
Jerry Toohy. the custodian of the Jewish
Cemetery, was yesterday in Judge Hebbard's
court for examination as to his sanity. Ue
was released.
John E. Clune, a carpenter, has sued Attor-.
nty h. \V. Quitzow and his wife to recover*
»»10."> 25. out of which he says the Quitxows
swindled him.
Manager Gottlob of the Columbia returned
from Now York last night, where he has been
lor ;h;ee months past securing attractions for
the coming season.
Mrs. Strong of Southern Calfornia has noti
fi <1 the Board of Trade that 3,000,000 pampas
plumes have been ordered from the East within
the past iwo weeks.
A majority of lower clas« Chinese through
out the empire do not know that tnere was a
war wi^h Japan, says Gustav Melchers, a big
m.'-rrhant til .-'..aughai.
No change has taken place in the condition
oi the wrecked steamer Colombia. About sixty
tons of cargo have been taken out by the
Spreckels Tug Company.
The only live Wallaby kangaroo bronght to
this country has been creating great havoc in
the business and domestic relations of E. C.
Jones of the gas company.
The Fourth-stieet Improvement Club held a
meeting last night, at which the deplorable
condition of the pavement on this thorough
fare was bitterly denounced.
Supervisor King spoke of thrashing Super-
Visor Taylor a few days ago, and was told by
that individual that if he attempted such a
thing he would be killed iike a rat.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals is collecting evidence against East
wood, the dairyman, accused of turning forth
worn-out horses to die of starvation.
A handsome silver salad set will be presented
to-night to Colonel W. D. Sanborn by the Cali
fornia Republican delegates who went to St.
Louis in a special train under his charge.
The Attorney-General has denied the request
of A. M. McConoughey, a lawyer of San Diego,
to sue in the proposed case of the people ex
rel. McConoughey vs. the city ol San Diego.
Harry Wessling, who lives at 1515 Gearv
street, fell from a wagon yesterday and suf
fered a severe scalp wound and a broken shoul
der. He was treated at the Receiving Hospital.
Three fires that hare destroyed thousands of
dollars worth of property have broken out on
the hay wharf during the past week. Fire
Marshal Towe thinks the blazes are incendiary.
Manager Filcher of the State Board of Trade
is sending lettem to all the editors of Cali
fornia asking information of land values for
tne purpose of inducing immigration to this
State.
Permits for boxing entertainments for the
Olympic, Occidental and St. George clubs
were decided oa by the Health and Police
Committee of the Board of Supervisors yes
terday.
Michael Lydott, driver of a double team, was
injured yesterday morning quite seriously by
the team running away. One of the horses
was killed. The accident occurred on Bernal
Heights.
Judge Joachimscn was convinced by the tes
timony yesterday that Billy Watt did not put
Georgie Walker "in the barrel. The case was
continued until next Wednesday for further
evidence.
Lr.uis Smith, a nine-year-old lad, has been
missing from bis home on Natoma street since
last Thursday. In the morning he went to the
point to pick up driftwood and has -not been
seen since.
A citizens' indignation mass- meeting, under
the auspices of the Civic Federation, will be
held next Tuesday in Metropolitan Temple, to
denounce the policy of the "Solid Seven" of
the Board of Supervisors.
Anton Clecak, an Oakland saloon-keeper
has sued John G. Agar for $24,000 for alleged
breach of contract, because of a broken lease
to the basement premises of the Macdonouch
Theater building, in Oakland. *
John W. Ingram called Attorney Pistolesi a
shyster during the progress of a case in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday and Pistolesi
knocked Ingram down. Both men were ar
rested and charged with battery.
The Randsberg gold district, near Mojave,
promises pretty weil, says L. L. Bailey, a Denver
mine expert, but holders of claims ask too
much and the big capital needed for develop
ing is consequently not forthcoming.
Judge Walling of Nevada City says that the
old Metropolitan quartz mine at Moore's Flat
is bei-ng reopened by San Franciscans, and that
Nevada City is completing arrangements for
the possession and operation of its town water
works.
Supervisor Dimond has bronght the matter
of prolonging the life of the local Board of
Equalization past 12 o'clock Monday to the *t-
D '.>f grand jurors. He claims that the
law has been violated by the afternoon pro
ceed ings.
Two damage suits against the owner of the
building at 22 Fifth street, which fell and
killed several people in June last, were filed
yesterday. The contractors who were repair
iiik the building were also made parties to one
of the suits.
Arrangements for the big parade this even
ing are progressing rapidly. Little Miss Con
well will lead, aud in the line which will fol
low will be, among other things, some predic
tions as to what will happen to opponents of
good pavements.
An excursion party which will include Gov
ernor Budd aim the Harbor Commissioners
will go out on the tug Fearless next Saturday
and attempt to kill a "gray back" whale. If
they hucceed the mammal will be placed on
exhibition and the proceeds turned over to the
carnival committee.
The Precita Valley Improvement Club held
an enthusiastic meeting last evening. A prop
osition to improve Bernal Park, a strip of land
now an eyesore to the community and a
menace to health, wasdiscussed. It was stated
the Finnnce Committee oi the Board oi Super
visors would report favorably on the appro
priation.
Hoitt'b School fbi Boys, Burlingame. Sixth
year begins Aug. 4. Ira <i. Hoitt, Ph.D., Master*
INCENDIARISM
ON THE FRONT,
Three Fires on the Hay
Wharf inside of Seven
Days.
TRAFFIC IS BLOCKADED.
Hay Merchants Think Tramps
Had a Hand in the Vari
ous Blazes.
WHALE-HUNTING FXPEDITION.
Governor Budd and Party Expect to
Kill a Mammal Off the
Faraliones.
Firebugs have been at work along the
City front for a week past and consider
able damage has resulted. The principal
losers have be«n G«orge borrow A Co.,
Somers & Co.. C. S. Healy, J. S. Kim
ball & Co. and Meyer Bros.
The scene of operations has been the
hay wharf at the foot of Tbird street, ana
many of the sufferers state openly that
the fires have been started by men who
expected to benefit by the misfortunes o!
tbe owners. Directly the tire in the hay
is put out the chief wharfinger notifies ail
concerned to move the stuff at once. If
the orders are not obeyed it is loaded on
scows and damped in tbe channel at tne
owner's expense. In consequence, wben
a fire is started on tbe hay wharf traffic in
the vicinity comes to a standstill until the
damaged hay is removed by any one whom
tbe hay and grain merchants can get to
cart it away.
Within a week there have been three
tires on the hay wharf and the lo^s has
been very heavy. Last Saturday there was
an outbreak and one of the biggest stacks
on the whan was ruined. On Wednesday
another alarm was turned in and it took
the Fire Department and the State lire
tug half a day to put out the smoldering
mass. Last Thursday night another fire
broke out and considerable damage was
done. Morrow & Co. thine that the fires
have been started by tramps who make
their beds in the hay every night. "Doz
ens of them sleep on the wharf every
night," said George Morrow yesterday.
"When they feel like smoking they smoke
and tbe hot .ashes droppintr into the hay
sets the whole mass ou tire."
Traffic on the wharf has been stopped,
owing to the manner in which it is littered
with half-burnt and water-soaked hay.
BcowB laden with the feed cannot dis
charge, and in consequence the channel is
blockaded. By noon to-day it is expected
that the wharf will be cleared and com
merce will again move on.
The Stockton rate war is in full swing.
When the California N'iivieation and Im
provement Company cut rales to 25 cents
it had everything its own way for a week.
Yepterday, however, the Union Transpor
tation Company turned the tables on them
by cutting the rate to 25 cents for the
round trip. In order to secure tbe low
rate for the voyage to Stockton and back
the passenger has to go up on the evening
boat and return on the one that leaves
Stockton the following day. Last night
there was not a great increase in the
traffic.
The Union boat carried a number of
extra passengers who were attracted by
the cheap rate, but the Navigation Com
pany held its own and went away with its
steamer crowded, as usual. The fight is
bound to be a bitter one and the chances
are that the traveling public will be able
to get to Stockton and back for 10 cents
before the month is out.
The Mail Company's steamer China has
been docked for a general overhauling.
Before sailing for China again she will be
cleaned and painted and her interior will
be disinfected. This will be done in order
to clear the vessel from any lurking germs
of disease that may be aboard.
The rumor about the maii steamer San
Juan has been explained. One of tbe com
pany's small boats ran on the rocks near
Manzanillo, but was got off and towed to
Panama. She will come here for a gen
eral overhauling and in the meantime the
San Juan will take her place as an inter
mediate boat.
A unique excursion will be made to the
Faraliones next Saturday. It will be
engineered by T. C. Wills 'of J. C. Kim
ball & Co., and among the euests will be
Governor Budd, Harbor Commissioners
Colnon, Cole and Chadbuurne, Colonel
Nunan of Stockton, Commodore Bruce of
ihe San Francisco Yacht Club, Judge
Hunt, ex-Director Lawton of the Mint,
William Greer Harrison and a dozen
others. The party will be limited to
twenty-one and they will go out on the
Spreckeis* tug Fearless.
Besides tue Fearless the steam schooner
Noyo will also go out and take about fifty
passengers. It will ostensibly be a fishing
excursion, but the two steamers will look
for bigger game. The Fearless will take
out two whale boats, a full whaling outfit
and two crews headed by Captain H. M.
Gregory. The idea is to capture a''gray
back" whale near the Faraliones. and thus
give all and sundry a chance of seeing, on
a small scale, what is done in the Arctic
Captain Greeory is an old whaler and
knows exactly how to go to work.
His men are all expert boat-steerers and
hunters, and they say there will be no
difficulty in capturing a whale— maybe a
sperm.
In order to guard against accidents an
extra boat will follow the two that are to
do tbe work and an extra captain will go
out with Dan Haskell on the Fearless, and
there will be no less than three skippers
on the Noyo.
The excursionists expect to have a merry
time. There will be a band aboard, and
on Saturday night next the two steamers
will anchor in Drakes Bay. At daybreak
Sunday morning the hunt will begin, and
according to Manager Wills, the cry,
"There she blows" should be .heard be
tween 10 and 11 o'clock. Jack Gavin, tike
boat-header, and Antone Lorienz, the
boat-steerer, are ootU confident that they
will run across a whale between the hours
named. Should one be c.iptuied, it will
be towed to San Francisco and placed on
exhibition at some place to be selected by
the captains. All the money obtained
from that source will be turned over to
the carnival committee.
The British ship Kilmallie arrived from
Antwerp yesterday, after a long trip of 155
days. Like the other overdue vessels that
reached port, she was caught in a heavy
gale in latitude 66.40 south, longitude 65
west, and the wares that broke over her
did considerable damage. The captain's
gig was washed off the forward house and
one of the lifeboats out of the davits. The
cabin was flooded, and almost everything
movable on deck was washed overooard.
Louis Smith, aged 9 years, is missing
from his home at 40 Minna street, and the
Harbor Police are looking for him. The
lad's father told Captain Dunleavy that
his ton went down to the front to look for
firewood at 8 a. m. Thursday, and that he
has not been heard from since. Just what
has become of the boy no one seems to
know, but his father fears that he has
been drowned.
Tried to Sell Unstamped Opium.
Joseph Barnard was arrested yesterday and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
The Hay Wharf at the Foot of Third Street Where Three Fires Have Occurred Within the Last
Seven Days. Thousands of Dollars' Worth of Damage Has Been Done and the Fire Depart
ment Is of the Opinion That the Origin Was Incendiary.
charged with having Illicit opium in bis
possession. It seems that Barnard attempted
to sell forty cans of the unstamped drug to a
Chinese on Ross alley, when Officer Jackson
unexpectedly turned up and put a stop to his
game. It has not yet been determined whether
the opium was of foreign or domestic manu
facture.
RED REED ARRESTED.
He Profited at the Kxp«-n»e of a S«lva-
tion Army Man Through the
Lock Trick.
Ed, alias Red, Reed was arrested yester
day on complaint of William Goette on
the charge of petty larceny. Goette is a
member of the Salvation Army and but
recently came to town. He was fleeced
out of some money the day after his ar
rival by two men who undertook to show
him the lock trick. He reported the cir
cumstance t« the police, but refused to
prosecute, saying that he was a Christian
and it was contrary to his professions to
send men to jail. Yesterday he was on
Telegraph Hili when he fell in with Reed,
a notorious bunco man, who, after a brief
acquaintance, offered to show Goette just
how the lock trick, of which he complained,
was done. In the course of the proceedings
Reed earned $4 50 of the stranger's money
and refused to return it. This was too
much even for religion, and Goette made
complaint and Reed was arrested.
AN OLD OFFENDER.
Laura Gibbons, for Extreme Cruelty,
Has Her Bonds Increased.
Attorney Schell, who was to have de :
fended Laura Gibbons on a charge of
cruelty to a minor child, before Police
Judge Conlan yesterday, withdrew from
the case on account of the unreasonable
ness of his client and her fixed determi
nation to apply for a change of venue.
Judge Conlan, who recognized the
OFFICERS OF THE SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO REPUB.ICAN CLUB.
woman as an old offender, granted the
petition, but learning from Prosecuting
Attorney Mogan that the charge against
the prisoner was one of the most mon
strous ever brought into court, raised her
bonds to $1000.
A STRONG COMBINE.
Moore. Hunt & Co. of This City and
Jesse Moore & Co. of Kentucky
Consolidate.
The new company will be known as the
Jesse Moore, Hunt Company, and tbe
officers are as fellows: Thomas Kirk
patrick, president; Shirley Moorn, vice
president; W\ R. Schmidt, secretary ; E.
W. Taggart, assistant secretary; the Lon
don, Paris and American Bank, treasurer.
This change is a most important one for
dealert, as they can now order from
either San Francisco or Louisville. The
firm of Jesse Moore & Co. was founded in
1853, while that oi Moore, Hunt &
Co. was established in 1875, and it will
thus be seen that the consolidation is that
of two old and well-known concerns. It
is of further advantage to consumers; in
asmuch as it will guarantee a perpetual
and untailintr supply of the famous old
Jesse Moore whisky.
A Mining; Suit.
James Brehant, Arthur Brenant and James
Crichton have sued Joseph O'Neill for $8000
damages for breach of contract in connection
with the outfitting of a mining property.
YOUNG LEADERS
COME INTO LINE,
Their Watchword Is "Mc-
Kinley and Protection
for the Laborer."
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT
The Butchers Decline to Swal
low the Silver-Coated
Pill.
THEY AEE REPUBLICANS ALL.
The Nebraska Hurrah-Boy and His
I?nis-Fatuus Will Not Catch
Votes by Sophistry.
The Thirty-third Assembly District,
which comprises that large slice of the
Eleventh Ward from Napa or Twentieth
street across that belt of the City to San
Bruno avenue out to the County line and
the waters of the bay, has swung into line
for McKinley and home protection.
In order that nothing should be left un
done to increase the vote that will once
more place the Republican party in con
trol of the general Government, by which
American industries will be protected
agninst foreign cheap labor, the young
men of this district residing in Bouth San
Francisco have organized a distr.ct club.
There are cogent reasons why the men
employed in and about Butchertown
should be strong advocates of home pro
tection. This, together with past expe
rience in the flourishing times enjoyed by
the people of this country under Republi
can rule, has convinced those young na
tive sons of the southern section of this
peninsula that the introduction of the sil
ver pill into tbe National campaign is a
rank fallacy, and that it is placed there by
! tbe Democratic demagogues to be swal
lowed without investigation as to the dis
' order it will undoubtedly bring into the
■ body politic.
Those young men, enlightened and edu-
c ated as they are, know well that the
i premise of an abundance of silver money
without an opportunity to earn it is poor
policy and a blind ignis-fatuus to allure
the gullible into voting for the hurrah
boy from Nebraska.
Such sophistry will not go down the
throats of tbe thinking people when on sec
ond thought it will be found that South
America and Mexico are rich in silver and
poor in commerce, and that the mechan
ics and laborers are paid starvation
prices.
Those same young, thoughtful men
have thoroughly realized the fact that
without protection to labor and manufac
turing industries a general stagnation
must follow, and that the theory of an
abundance of silver bullion be coined into
silver money without an opportunity to
earn and invest in profitable speculation
cuts very little figure to the hard-working
man who may have an opportunity to in
vest bis silver dimes on imported articles
while he walks idly about the streets.
With such arguments as those before
the people it must not be wondered at
that the young men of this City are be
stirring themselves in the organization of
district Republican clubs.
To join in this popular movement is the
intention of the young Republicans on the
south side of Islais Creek. William Mc-
Huah, the president of the Thirty-third
Assembly District Republican Club, is a
young man engaged in the butchering;
business, and has been a resident of South
San Francisco for the past eighteen years.
He is popular with the Republicans of his
district, and was their unanimous choice
for president of the club.
John Lankenau is the son of that old
stanch Republican, Henry Lankenau, who
in years past was one of the men who did
so- much for the Republican party in
South San Francisco that tbe leaders of
the party were always ready and willing
to consult with him on party manage
ment. He had been at different times a
member of the County Committee, and in
all his connections with the party man
agement acquitted himself creditably.
His son gives promise of equal integrity
and devotion to the party and the man
agement of the club of which he is an
active member. The other officers are
equally true and loyal to McKinley and
the party and principles he represents.
They are Edward J. Turner recording sec
retary, Jerome Milly first vice-president,
J. A. C. Dierks chairman executive com
mittee, William T. Seiver treasurer, John
Lankenau chairman of enrolling commit
tee, with William McHugh president, and
a membership of 170 names on the books.
At the next meeting of the club other
committees will be appointed and arrange
ments made by which speakers from other
portions of the City will attend from time
to time.
MUSIC AND POLITICS.
Members of the Republican Con
tinental League Hold an
Entertainment.
A meeting of the Republican Conti
nental League was held at Saratoga Hall
last evening, President. Frank D. Worth
in the chair and Maurice L. Asher offi
ciating as secretary.
Political themes were discussed and
made more acceptable by being sand
wiched between instrumental and vocal
music, Professor Sichel touching the
piano.
Applications for membership to the ex
tent of 135 were presented.
J. Richard Freud, Mrs. Addie Bailou
ana Henry Hutton addressed the meeting.
Twenty-Ninth Republicans.
At a meeting of the Twenty-ninth Dis
trict Republican Club, held last evening,
Samuel Taussig presiding, speeches were
made by F. Placeman, E. H. Lutgens, M.
Levy, Dan Crowley and R. Williams. The
club unanimously indorsed E. H. Lulgens
for Recorder. Eighty-five members signed
the roll, making a total membership of 356.
A committee on uniforms was appointed,
consisting of E. Modry, T. W. Fleming,
C. Stockwiiz, P. Bradley and Cnarles
Lewis. Tbe club will hold a grand ratifi
cation meeting at Metropolitan Temple
on August 15.
Th« Uolden Went Club.
At the regular meeting of the Golden
West Republican Club, held at Federation
Hall, a speech was made by Mr. Kyle ex
plaining the gold question. Afterward the
club was entertained by Mr. Mack with a
song and Mr. Barrett with a recitation.
Tbe ciub was represented by about 250
members. The roll-book was signed by
twenty new members. After a pleasant
evening the meeting adjourned until the
Bth day of August.
ALMSHOUSE MILK.
The Question of Price Before the Hos
pital Committee Yesterday.
The Hospital Committee of the Board
of Supervisors spent some time yesterday
tryinit to ascertain why the City pays 50
cents a can for milk for the Almshouee
when an Alamena County milkman offers
to furnish good milk at 40 cents a can.
A number of milkmen were present to
testify that good mi'k could not be fur
nished for that figure, but the Alarueda
County dairyman insisted, nevertheless,
that tl":e milk was pure and that, more
over, he would send it sealed, so that it
could be tested every morning. Super
visor King said that be paid 50 cents a
can for milk for his hotel, and asked the
rancher if he would furnish milk at 40
cents.
The amount being smaller than that
furnished the Almshouse, the dairyman
would not agree to 40 cents, but offered to
send it in for 42 cents. The matter was
taken under advisement.
The Talk of the Town
Is found each Saturday in Town Talk, the
neatest, brightest and most readable publica
tion of its kind in the journalistic field here
abouts. While considerable space Is given to
matters political this week in the editorial
department, "Editorial Aftermath" and "Po
litical Chat," there Is an abundance of lighter
reading of every description, all of which is
uniformly Ciean and wholesome, even though
it occasionally merges into gossip about well
known people. People who do that which
•challenges criticism must expect to be held up
as a warning to others to avoid the pace that
kills. The latest books and magazines are
carefully reviewed in tne "World of Letters,"
the Snunterer has somo personal comments on
individuals more or less famous, the stage is
considered from a critic's point of view and
society's migrations are cnronicled. Town
Talk presents some excellent half-tone illus
trations this week, among them portraits of
Miss Catherwood and Dr. Grinnell, whose en
gagement marks the social event of the
month. *
HOW CLOSE MADE
HIS MONEY FLY,
Bought Worthless Bonds
and a Mine of No
Value.
SAYS EE WAS SWINDLED
SerioUS Charges Brought Against
Attorney Ouitzow and
His Wife.
PECULIAR BUSINESS MOVES.
rransactions That Parted a Carpenter
and $8100 of His Money in
Four Years-
John E. Ctune, who describes himself
as "a carpenter, inexperienced in business
matters," has brought suit against At
torney H. W. Quitzow and Emma Quitzow,
his wife, to recover $8105 25, charging that
he was swindled of that amount by the
defendants.
The complaint states that in the year
1889 Clune was possessed of $800 in money,
a house and lot at 437 Eddy street and j
that certain lot of land situated on the ,
northeast corner of Clement street and
Fourth avenue. He was then a happy,
care-free mechanic, and went about his
work whistling and full of the joy of simple i
existence. But such a state of beatitude !
was too good to last. Evil days were in. l
store for the simple-minded carpenter.
In an unlucky hour he became acquainted
with the Quitzows, who at once took a
great interest in him.
In 1890 Quitzow volunteered, so Clune |
says, to render any legal services he could
for him, and to give him any such advice
as he might require in the management of
his property and affairs. This interest,
the carpenter now claims, was due to the
fact that the attorney and his wife were i
cognizant of hisownprshipof the property i
named, and a conspiracy was formed be- |
tween them to cheat and defraud him out I
of it. In the alleged furtherance of this
purpose, Clune was invited to make bis
home at the residence of the Quitzows, at
915 Eddy street. On March 7, 1890, he did
so, and continued to reside with them for
about four years, at the end of which time
he had parted with all his property.
Clune had no sooner taken up his abode
at 915 Eddy street than it was represented
to him that Attorney Quitzow could ob
tain a large amount of stock of the River,
Harbor and Canal Dredging and Land
Company, which stock was said to be
worth $10 per share, at a big discount.
Clune now claims that these representa
tions were false and that his hosts well
knew the stock to be valueless, but never
theless induced him to pay Attorney !
Quitzow $2805 25, which sum was osten- ;
sib!y to be invested in the gold-producing
shares of tbe company with the long, high
sounding title.
In order to raise this money Clune found
it necessary to sell the property on Fourth
avenue and Clement street and to mort
gage tbe Eddy-street property.
Later Clune says he authorized Quit
zow to collect the rents derived from tbe
premises at 427 Eddy street, to pay out of
the proceeds the interest due on the
mortgage thereon and to hold the balance
in trust for him. He now claims he has
never received any of the income.
In 1892 Qnitzow acted as Clnne's at
torney in prosecuting a suit for him in an
Aiameda County court. W hiie so engaged,
it is claimed that the attorney induced
his client to invest $1900 in the Emigrant
mine by alleging that the mine was worth
$10,000 and could be purchased if a pay
ment 01 hal; that amount be made. Quit
zow was to supply the additional $3100 re
quired. Later it was represented to Clune
that tbe mine had been purchased and
that money was required to work it. Ac
cordingly he sold the Eddy-street prop
erty and, adding his savings to the pro
ceeds, says he turned over to Quitzow
$3400 to be expended in developing the
mine.
Clune in bis complaint alleges that
Quitzow never purchased a share of the
stock of the River, Harbor and Canai
Dredging and Land Company for him, but
appropriated the money obtained for that
purpose to his owu use. He also claims
that the Emigrant mine is valueless, and
that Quitzow so knew, it being assessed in
Shasta County, where it is situated, for
only $10. Nevertheless, the attorney pur
chased it, paying $50 cash and giving his
note for $50 more, $30 of which has been
paid for it. The $3400 advanced to be used,
in developing the mine, Clune says, was
deposited by Quitzow, $2500 in the Bar.k
of California and $900 in the London and
San Francisco Bank in his own name.
Therefore, it is claimed that all of the
money paid by Clune to Quitzow and wife
was obtained through false and fraudulent
representations and appropriated to their
own use.
Wherefore, Clune prays that he be given
judgment in the sum of $8105 25, together
with interest thereon and costs of suit.
NEW TO-DAY.
Let us see! we are in
the Nineteenth Century,
almost at the end of it.
Most of us have been to
school and learned some-
thing. We have forgotten/
perhaps, how to divide an
angle into two equal parts;
but we have used the wis-
dom and skill of our fath-
ers to train our minds in
common sense and pru-
dence — really, we are a
wonderful people!
That is just it. Won-
derful! How, with all this
training and common
sense, you can swallow
the stuff that is com-
monly called tea — that is
the eighth wonder of the
world.
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling's Best.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco fSt
- . HJKW TO-DAY.V
ifwoman's Writes];
' '? 'V
• (') Believe in Woman's Writes? •<;<[
{ l Of course we do. Who could ?]'•■
• . i? ' help it when women write such S ( \
{ l convincing words as • these: ?!' •
■ . ( I " For seven years I suffered 1 1 -
{ \ with scrofula. - I had a good
{ l physician. Every means of ji
]>) . cure was tried in vain. At last '[
< I I was told to try Ayer's Sarsa- ]>
i/ parilla, which entirely cured jl
{ l me after using. seven bottles." (,'..
- ! ') —Mrs. John A. Gentle, Fort <[
|| Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896. ?
I Ayer's Sarsaparilla j
{ \ •• CUI Co • • (( t
EFFECT OF A COMPEOMISE
By Compounding With Part of a Body
Further Proceedings' Against It
Are Given Up.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
decision of the Jower tribunal in tie case
of John Chetwood Jr. against the Cali-
fornia National Bank and Richard P.
Thomas.
The Dlaintiff as a stockholder sued for
the recovery of $400,000, which he claimed
had been lost to the banu through th«
culpable negligence of the executive com-
mittee, composed of Mr. Thomas, presi«
dent of the bank, R. R. Thompson, vice-
president, and Director Robert A. Wilson.
The matter was placed before a referee,
who held that the committee was liable
for the loss of a sum in excess of $100,000.
The plaintiff accepted $27,500 from Thomp-
son and Williams and withdrew his action
at law against them. The lower court
then ordered the president to pay over to
Cbetwoo:! in trust for the bank the sum of
$139, 419 with interest.
Thomas appealed, and the Supreme
Court held his appeal to be well taken, as
Chetwood's action was against the execu-
tive committee of the board of directors,
and not severaHv against the individual
members of it. His compromise with the
two memoers, Thompson ana Wilson, was
held to be tantamount to a retraxit;
hence the order of the Supreme Court
that the trial court enter judgment for
Thomas.
• — 0 — •
Soft down lines the wings of the owl,
and thus that bird is enabled to fly with-
out making the least sound.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & '"O.'S THEATERS.
-I MATINEE TO-DAY
CAfIFO H RMIA TO-NIGHT AT 8.
lAUFORNIA Last Tlme Sun<lay .
L. R. STOCKWELL'S PLAYERS and
FRED'K WARDE— -ROSE COGHLM
In the Spectacular Production,
CA-RMEN.
&.,. MERCHANT OF VENICE
Grand Reopening
AT THE »tf Monday. July 27.
9Jt A ■ ■*• A#lk| Charles Frohinan'*
RAI llVvlnl Empire Theater Co.,
UALI/TT lI^S presenting' Clyde
,1 fitch's Play, ; ,-■
"BOHEMIA." SEATS NOW READY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mb-s. £»kii»tis» ivKKi.i.N-t*. Proprietor &jl*a»c»s:
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hixrichs.
ff: [■;•;■"', THIS EVENING ■
■ Flotow's Lovely Opera
•'l^-A.R,THA.."
Natal!, Russell, Pnche. Karl, Kaffael, Tooker,
Perron, Boyoe In the Cast.
— — To-morrow Evening ' '■;
"3^IC3HSrON > ."-LaBt Time.
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK:
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday,
u OA.K,M:EI2Sr."
Tuesday, Thursday and .Saturday,
"FAUST."
Poniilar Prl-^-s— 2so and 5Oo«
TfUtDLAnOtIL<iOITU;D«» o>- itauAnorunAOUts---
ONLY , I TO-DAY
MATINEE ' \ OF y
"MOTHS
« • " By the Superb
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Monday Next— "THE HIGHEST BIDDER."
Another Great New York
Lyceum Theater Success.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater la America.
WAJLXKK SlOHOaco. Sola Lessee and Maoa**:
THIS EVEN IX AT EIGHT,'
Return Star Engagement of the Popular Comedian
EBIMETT SHE KID AN
In Howard P. Taylor's Latest Success,
"IRISH INSPIRATION! '*
A Picturesque Story of the Emerald Isle.
Evening Prices— 2sc and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday;
O'Farrell street. Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday). July 35.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c
Children, 10c, any part.
THE NOVELTY OF THE DAYI ..
-SEE THE GREAT — —
BIONDI !———— BIONDI!
Only one night more of Prof. Macart's Dog,
■ Monkey and Baboon Circus. •
88 -ALL GHEAT A .TISTSI 28
THE CHUTES,
GASINO!
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EVtKY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
First Appearance in San Francisco of
JOB!"
The Only Oranic-Ontang in America,
In Conjunction With Our Great Bill. ».r .-;
sfecia.Xj: jgS&k
Sunday Afternoon at 4:30, m m
BALLOON ASCENSION AND
PARACHUTE DROP
MISS ESSIE VIOLA *•*
ADM S lON 1O CENT'S. '
Children, Including -Merry-00-Round Ride, 5 cents.
Jutto §afc
AND PLEASURE GROUNDS.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME
Including the Wonderful Man-Fish. .
Concerts at 2 and 8 I*. M. Dally.
Sutro's Scenic- Railway' Now Running*
General mission— Adults 10c, Children sc. I
PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
SUNDAY, : JULY ; 6, AT 8:30 P.M.
/\ SEBAILiXi ! .
V CALLS— Tg-^-SATCBDAX PRESS.
78
WILL BE LED
BY A MIDGET,
Little Miss Conwell to
Lead the Parade This
Evening.
SHE IS AGED FOUR.
Some of the Floats Which
Will Form Part of the
Line.
ROUGH ON SILURIAN OFFICIALS.
Three Scenes of What Will Happen
to Opponents of Good Streets.
The Formation.
When the great bicycle parade is ready
to start this evening a tiny figure in black
bloomers will mount a wheel as small as
herself and will lead tbe way down the
With beaming eyes —
Etreet. She is an old rider, though but a
baby of 4 years. When not more than 3
ihe wore a broad path around her father's
cyclery and used to lead a crowd of expert
'wheelmen along the park roads. Now she
will lead the pa.ade in which thousands
of wheelmen will follow. She is Miss
Valentine Conwell.
In the parade which will follow this
morsel of humanity the wheelmen, by
clufts, by platoons, by fours and singles,
attached and unattached, and all with
lanterns swinging alow and aloft, will ride
and walk. That they will not ride all the
way is due to the pavement. There are
some things over which even a wheelman
cannot ride, and among them is Market
Btrett.
Sandwiched in among the clubs will be
tbe floats, and there. will be pictorial ex-
Prominent Members of the Southside Improvement Club Who Have
Been Active in Bringing About the Big Demonstration of
To-Night.
presßions of what the pedal-turners think
of poor pavements and those who keep
them poorly. The Ban Francisco Road
Club has a float of gruesome form and
pregnant with suggestion. There will be
a gallows, and from the gallows-tree and
the noose will hang a "form." This
"j'orin" will be the first man who will
vote against good pavements in any way,
shape or manner.
There will be more "forms," all of the
same man. On one float he will be shown
in process of being rolled over a barrel, in
the other he will be depicted in a coffin,
one with crim and ghastly exterior,
studied with brass nails and illumined by
red fire, perhaps as a forerunner of fate.
' Then there will be t; c Merchants' Asso
ciaxion float, one with cobble pavement
and i s b^st contrast, with California and
her horn of plenty and men working for
big wages and with contentment written
upon their faces. This, as the legends
upon the float will tell, is the result of
good pavements.
The music prepared for this parade will,
as far as it is possible to make it, be ap
propriate to tbe footing which the musi
cians have at the moment of playing.
In addition to playin? the Dead March
from Saul, while making their way down
Market street, the musicians will play
"Jordan is a Hard Road to Travel," end
"The Rocky Road to Dublin."
The South Side Club will erect a large
screen 6x50 feet in siae on Van Is ess
avenue, opposite the speakers' stand. On
this will be written in huge letters formed
of l&n terns: "Finish Folsom Street."
W. L. Williamson will furnish a pair of
small Egyptian mules famous for their
kicking proclivities, to bear the motto:
"We will kick until we get what we want."
The Letter-Carriers Bicycle Clnb has
signified it intention of turning out in full
force if possible.
The parade will start from Twenty-sixth
and Folsom streets, proceeding down Fol
som to Eighth, then down Eighth to Mar
ket, down Market to Kearny, down Kearny
to Bash, countermarch to Market on
Kearny, then up Market to Golden Gate
avenue, up Golden Gate avenue to Van
Ness, down Van Ness to Market, where
the speakers' stand is located. There it
will disband.
The cavalcade of wheelmen, led by the
midget in black, will be the biggest turn
out of its kind the City will have seen.
Accompanying little Miss Conwell will be
tbe children of Thomas H. Varney, all
under 10 years of age and all mounted on
wheels in size proportionate to their ages.
Bat tbe little miss in bluck will lead them
all.
> The order of march has already been I
and winning smile—
Will lead the great cycle parade this evening.
published in The Call, but at the request j
of the cyclers it is given again :
Advance plamoon mounted oolice.
Grand marshal, Captain George A. Raabe.
First division mounted.
South Side Improvement clubs.
Merchants' Association, Association of Im
provtment clubs.
Citizens — AH mounted.
Second division — Ladies' Alpha Cycling Clnb
and unattached lady riders, preceded by chil
dren on wheels nndcr the care ol special de
tail of mounted police.
Third division— Marshals, John Burke, James
Joyce; unattached wheelmen.
Fourth division-Visiting wheelmen; Acme
Club Wheelmen, Oakland; Ariel Bicycle Club,
Vallejo; Alameda Cyclers, Alameda; Diamond
Cyclers, Alameda; Crescent Athletic Club,
Berkeley; Petaluma Wheelmen, Petaluma;
Palo Alto Wheelmen, Palo Alto; Menlo Park
Wheelmen, Mountain View; Kapa Wheelmen,
Napa; Reliance Wheelmen, Oakland; Santa
Rosa Wheelmen, Santa Rosa; San Leandro
Wheelmen, San Leandro.
Filth division— City clubs; C. A. C. C. ; Bay
City Wheelmen an unattached friends, with
Boats, transparencies, etc.
Sixth division— California Cycling Club and
unattached friends with floats.
Seventh division— Call Cycling Clnb and un
attached friends; Golden Gate Cycling Club
and unattached friends.
Eigthth division— Imperial Club and unat
tached friends, with band, floats, etc.
Ninth division— Liberty Cycling Club and
unattached friends; Olympic Club Wneelmen
and unattached friends.
Tenth division— Olympic Cyclers and unat
tached iriends; Pathfinder Bicycle Club and
unattached iriends.
Eleventh division— San Francisco Road Club
and unattached friends; bugle corps, float,
etc.; San Francisco Y. M. C. A. Cycling Club
and friends ; Waverly Cycling Club and friends.
Twelfth division— Unattached clubs; Na
tional Guard Wheelmen; Presidio Wheelmen,
U. 8. A.
Thirteenth division— The Thirteen Club;
Union Iron Works Wheelmen; John Scott
Marshall float ; Potrero Wheelmen.
Fourteenth division— Pacific Cycling Club;
Verein F.intracht Wheelmen.
Fifteenth division— Golden Gate Wheelmen ;
Barker Cycling Clnb; Phcßnlx Cycling Club;
Lily Cycling Club; Mall Carriers' Cycling Club.
Wheelmen's division will form on Snotwell
street, head of column at Twenty -fifth.
Second and Third divisions— Right resting on
westerly side of Shotwell street, between Twen
ty-fifth and Twenty-fourth.
Fourth division— Left renting on easterly side
of Shotwell street, oetween Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-fourth.
Fifth, Sixth and Seventh divisions— Right
resting on west side of Shotwell street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-third.
Eighth and Ninth divisions— Left resting on
easterly side of Shotwell street, between Twen
ty-fourth and Twenty-third.
Tenth, Eleventh and Twelfth divisions-
Right resting on westerly side of Shotwell
street, between Twenty-third and Twenty-sec
ond.
Thirteenth, fourteenth ana fifteenth divi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
sions—Left resting between Twenty-third and
Twenty-second streets.
League members, unattnehed riders aid aids j
will report to 11. y. Wynne at Twent/second
and Shotwell streets not later than 7:30 p. m.
Parade moves at Bp. m. Do not light candles
until order of march is given.
F. H. KERRIfiAN,
Chief Consul to Grand Marshal.
H. F. Wynne, Vice-Consul Chief Aid.
FUNERAL OF A PIONEER.
Obsequies of John 11. Turney, an Es-
teemed. Argonaut of 1849.
The spacious parlor of the hall of the
Pioneer Association was filled yesterday
afternoon by Pioneers and other citizens
assembled to pay the last tribute of re
spect to the memory of John H. Turney,
an argonaut of 1849. L .
The funeral services were conducted by
Rev. W. W. Case, pastor of the Howard
street M. E. Church, who pronounced a
brief but pathetic eulogy on the life, char
acter and public services of the dead Pio
neer. »
In the absence of J. F. Pinkbam, mar
shal of the Pioneer Society, Robert S.Van
dercook officiated in his stead. .
The following-named gentlemen, all of
whom are Pioneers, acted as pall- bearers:
C. D. Cleveland, E. E. Chever, George Eg
gleton, A. W. yon Schmidt, W. G. Doo
little and Captain Taylor. .
The remains were removed to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery crematory to be inciner
ated therein.
» # «
TO RECOVER PATENT RIGHTS
Half a Million Dollars Involved in a
Suit Bronght by H. McDougall.
Hughey McDoueall has sued R. B.
Markle, tbe Teredo-proof Pile Company
and several members of the Doe family for
the recovery of patent rights transferred
to »he Teredo-proof Pile Company through
Markle. He claims that he was to receive
Little Miss Conwell
one half the catital stock of the company
issued to Markle in return for the patent
rights. Markle gave him 3000 shares,
claiming to have received 6000 shares for
the rieht.
McDougall now claims that Markle
received more than 6000 shares of stocic
and $10,000 for the rights. McDongall
therefore sues for 3500 shares of the capital
stock of tbe company and one half of the
$10,000, or in heu of the stock asks that he
be awarded $500,000, claiming the stock to
be now worth over $100 per share.
SALARIES INCREASED.
Minor Changes in the Par of School
Department Employe*.
The new salary schedule presented by
the Salaries Committee of the Board of
Education at its.last meeting has been
figured up by Assistant Secretary Asch
heim. the result showing that the ex
penses of the department will be increased
$170 per month under the new arrange
ment.
The only changes made were where
teachers, by reason of experience or the
growing of their classes, were entitled to
an increase, or where the salaries of a few
employes were restored after being re
duced by former boards.
Forty Years of Service.
Thomas M. Jewett, chief clerk to the United
States District Attorney, and J. B. Sherrard
were yeaterday reappointed by Assistant
Attorney-General Harmon for a period of four
years. Mr. Jewett has held his present posi
tion for thirty-nine years, and has probably
seen longer government service than any man
on the coast.
Peter Duncan's Kstate.
The California estate of Peter Duncan, who
died in Edinburgh, Scotland, April 10, 1895,
which has been in the haeds of Public Admin
istrator Freeee, Is now in a condition to be
closed. There is in the hands of Mr. Freese
$2126 73 in money and real estate valued at
about $5000. The heirs are relatives of the
deceased in Scotland.
DIMOND SAYS THE
LAW WAS VIOLATED
The Assessments of Big
Corporations May Be
Invalid.
IN SESSION TOO LONG.
The Supervisors Should Have
Adjourned on Monday
at Noon.
EQUALIZERS ARE UNDER FIRE.
The Matter Brought Before the Grand
Jury for Its Investiga
tion.
Supervisor Dimond announced yester-«
day that he believed the Board of Super
visors acted against the law last Monday
when they prolonged their meeting as a
Board of Equalization past the noon hour.
He wa« so exercised over this phase of
the now notorious redaction of assess
ments that he spoke about it to several
members of tbe Grand Jury Thursday
night. The grand jurymen promised to
bring the matter before their body with
out delay.
"This point does not appear to have
been noticed," said Supervisor Dimond.
"And yet it is a most important one. The
board, sitting as a Board of Equalization,
remained in session until after 2 p. m.
Monday. In fact when I got there, at
20 minutes past 2, they were still in ses
sion. Now the law has evidently been
violated in this respect.
"The State Board of Equalization stated
that the law hxes 12 o'clock noon as the
hour at which boards of equalization
should adjourn. Instead of obeying this
order the San Francisco board continued
in session and reduced assessments until
long after 2p. m. As I understand it the
board's authority to reduce assessments
ceased at noon. Therefore the action of
the board after noon Monday must be
illegal.
"From noon until adjournment the
board made about $4,000,000 reductions in
the assessments of four corporations: The
Electric Light Company, the Gas Com
pany, Market-street Railway Company
and the Spring Valley Company. The
Grand Jury will now make an investiga
tion to ascertain if these reductions are not
illegal. I believe it will knock out the
reductions.
"What shall the State Board of Equali
zation do about this business? I have an
idea it will raise tbe whole assessment of
San Francisco 10 or 15 per cent. Either
that or it may reject tbe reductions made
after midday of Monday. I would like to
know Dy what right the board remained in
session past the time expressly and plainly
stated by lawJ|
MANY PROTESTS HEARD,
Election Commissioners Dismiss
a Few Precinct
Officers.
Appointments Made for the Forty.
Third, Forty-Fourth and
Forty-First
The Election Commissioners held an
almost continuous session yesterday, ap
pointing officers to serve during the com*
ing election and listening to protests
against some of those already selected.
A few of those against whom charges
were made were dismissed, while others
were allowed to remain on the lists. Fol
lowing are the officers appointed:
TORT Y- FIRST DIBTBICT.
Precinct I— lnspector, Solomon Rosenblum
(D.), 1540 Washington street; judges— Samuel
Polack (D.), 1416 Jackson street, and H. House
worth (R.), 1233 llyde street
Precinct 2— lnspector, John N. Meyer (D.),
1818 Hyde street; judges— George A. Abrego,
(DO.iSIMW llyde street, and William P. Reed
(R). 1109 Filberf street.
Precinct 3— lnspector, J. F. Cole (D>. 1208
Union street; judpes— J. Scott (D.), 1213 Uuioii
street, and W.H.Reynolds (R.), 2310 Larkin
street.
Precinct 4— lnspector, L. J. Panter (D.). 1310
Filbert street; judges— William P. Humphreys
Jr. (D.), Chestnut nnd Hyde streets, and Robert
E. Campbell (R.), 1428 Pacific street.
Precinct s— lnspector, Thomas Slavin (D.),
1305 Broadway; judges— Martin Noon (D.), 8
White, between Hyde and Larkin, P. J. Hoin
Jr (R.), 1938 Larktn.
Preciuct o—lnspector,0 — Inspector, John Hessian (D.),
2023 Polk; judges— M. 8. Abranis (D.), 1710
Pacific George W. Dnffleid (R.), 1913 Larkin.
Precinct 7— lnspector, John Hack (I).). 1700
Sacramento; judges— William Gorevan (D.),
18VJ5 Clay, Ernest Duden (K.), IUO2 Polk.
Precinct B— lnspector, John M. Canavan
(p.), 1901 Pacific avenue; Judges— Robert J.
O'Connor (D.), 1927 Pacific avenue, A. D. Mac
donald (R.), 2514 Laguna.
Precinct 9-Inspector, Thomas Currie (D.),
2318 Fillmore; judges-John R. White (D.),
2212 Fillmore, Thomas S. Moffitt (R.), 2119
Webster.
Precinct 10— Inspector, John C. Brennan ( D.),
2ts22Gough; judges— William W.Martin (D.),
22-ZO Van Ness avenue, Peter Callten (R.),
1435 Pacific.
Precinct 11— Inspector, William Wright ID.),
3108 Buchanan; fudges -Frank schmitx (D.),
2904. Ostavia George Werner (R.), 1822 Fil
bert.
Precinct 12— Inspector, Peter Gavin (D,), 206
Moulton ; judges— John Tyrell (D.), 2108 Green
wich; Thomas W. Rollet (P..), Lombard, be
tween Webster and Fillmore.
Precinct 13— Inspector, George Haub (D.>,
1929 Lnion ; judges — Charles Shaughnessy (D.),
8 Olive court; Charles Burdett (R.), 2812 La
guna.
Precinct 14— Inspector, William A. Nuhren
berg (D.), 2000 Union; j udjtes— Frederick L.
Crosby (l>.), 2007 Green; C. H. Killey (R.).
2SOI Webster.
Precinct IS— lnspector, James D. Hicks (D.),
260 i! Sacramento; judges— John J. Murphy
CD.), 2818 bacramento; Richard J. Rice(R.),
2903 Baker.
Precinct 10— Inspector, William H. Desan
(D.), 2918 Washington; judges— John D. Hop
kins (D.), 2210 Broderick; Henry Gerlach (R.),
1225 Filbert.
Precinct 17— Inspector, William McDonald
(D.), 2920 Sacramento; juJges-T. J. Kelly
(D.), 2910 Sacramento; Enos P. Schell iR.),
3348 Clay.
Precinct 18— Inspector, Thomas Dwyer(D.),
2799 Baker; judges— Cbarles Bergman (D.),
Beach street, between Devisadero and uroder
ick; George P. Nelson (R ), 2733 Greenwich
Precinct 19— Inspector, Kvans D. Batten (D.),
106 Cherry; judges— George Healing (D.), 3035
Sacramento; James Hog an (R-), 128 Cherry.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
Precinct I— lnspector, James McGinn (D.);
Jnages— Joseph Watson (R-), Langham Hotel,
and Allen H. Kngllsh (D.), 1008}^ Market
street. >
Precinct 2— lnspector, J. J. Cunningham
(!>.), 14 Ellis street; judges— E. (J. Forster
(p.), 16 Ellis street, and Harry Jenkins (R.),
28 Ellis street.
Precinct 3-lnspector, J. J. Willis (D.), 308
O'Karretl street; fudges— David Gasberry (D.),
105 Stockton street, and T. A. Kelly (R.), 312
Mason street.
Precinct 4-Inspector. J. Banlman (D.),
£18 Btockton street; judges— Joseph F. Mc-
KHn (D.), 218 Stoektoiv street. «nd A. W.
Martin (R.), 118 Ueary street.
„ Precinct 5— Inspector, W. J. McCarthy (D.),
435 Bush street; judges- J. J. Cashel (D.).
'£Mi .Suiter street, and William J. Mitchell (R.),
lb Stockton place.
Precinct 6-inspector, P. M. Wapd (D,), 410
Post street; judges— Joseph Mansfleld(D.), 424
Post street, and Charles r. Morel (R.), 410 Poit
Street.
Precinct 7— lnspector, Joseph Salinger (D.),
021 Bush street; judges— George \\ . Brazer(D.),
811 Grant avenue, and Harry O. Gilmour (R-),
320^-j Sutter^treet.
Precinct B— lnspector J. A. Ramon (D.), 729
Pine street; judges— J. Stamper (D.), 608 Pow
ell street, and Henry C. \\ . Larsen (R.), 706
Mason street.
Precinct 9— lnspector, J. O. Hazier (D.). 1
Chatham place ; judges— G. T. Lovick (D.), 603
Pine street, and W. J. Crozier (R.), 619 Pine
street.
Precinct 10— Inspector, H. A. Conrad (D.),
623 California street: judges— E. C. W. Al
hrec.ht (D.), 417 Kearny street, aud Charles H.
Duffy (R.), 039 California Mreet.
Precinct 11— Inspector, Henry Webb (D.);
judges— T. Londenslayer (D., 702 California
street, and David C. Van Glahn (R.), 812 Cali
fornia street.
Precinct 12— Inspector, H. Stands (D.), 18
Trenton street; judges— J. B. McLeran (D.). 22
Trenton street, and Jame3 Davidson (R.), 900
Powell street.
Precinct 13— Inspector, H. Johnson (D.), 1021
Clay street; judges— W. E. Htillson (D.), 1021^
Clay street, and John J. Fogarty (R.), 1019
Powell street.
Precinct 14— Inspector, G. W. Brower (D.), 15
Scott street; judges, W. G. Davidson (D.). 932
Pacific street, and C. L. Dalo (R.), 25 John
street.
Precinct 15— Inspector, W. Herzog (D.J, 739
Broadway; judges— A. M. Gault (D.), 22 Scott
place, and L. O. Jaques (R.), 910 Pacific street.
Precinct 16— Inspector, T. H. Con boy (D.),
207 Montgomery avenue ; judges— T. Kohn (D.),
724 Washington street, and C. L. Meyers (R.),
732 Washington street.
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— lnspector, Paul Dubois (D.). 535
Vallejo street ; judges— Paul Andornette (D.),
535 vallejo street, and Joseph Meranl (R.),
1605 Dupont street.
Precinct 2— lnspector, Amie Cannetti (D.),
438 Green street; judges— J. Donohue (D.\
502} i Broadway, and J. Gumper (R.), 1217
Kearny street.
Precinct 3— lnspector, Charles Schenk (D.),
1315 Stockton street; judges— P. M. Daly (D.).
923 Vailejo street, and J. i. E. Jaritt (R.;. 1500
Mason street.
Precinct 4 — lnspector, Thomas F. Burke (D.),
1010 Stockton street; judges— J. Fremier (D.;,
1509 Dupont street, and Antonio Bricca (R.),
1521 Dupont street.
Precinct s—lnspector,5 — Inspector, F. E. Durham (D.),
1812,4 Stockton street; judges— E. Rlttori (D.),
511 Greenwich street, and Adolph Adams (R.),
017 Greenwich street.
Precinct o— lnspector, Francis Syme (D.), 216
Francisco street; judges— James Busch (D.),
2014 Dupont street, and James Rossiter (R.),
206 Francisco street.
Precinct 7— lnspector, George Seekamp (D.),
600 Lombard street; judges— Hugh McKevitt
(D.), 515 Lombard street, and A. F. Richter
(R.), 2011 Powell street
Precinct B— lnspector, August Stofler (D.),
324 Francisco street; judges— M. T. Reilly (D.),
10 Vandewater street, aud Charles Hoffman
(R."i, 25a. Vandewater street.
Precinct 9— lnspector, A. J. Morgan (D.), 602
FiltK-rt street; judges— George Seekamp Sr.
(D.), and J. L. Chambers (R.), 615 Lombard
street.
Precinct 10— Inspector, William Britton (D.),
814b Filbert street; judges— T. G. Reilly (D.),
814b Filbert street, and Ellas Cooke (R.), 810
Filbert street.
Precinct 11— Inspector, Joseph Sullivan
(D.), 609% Union street; judges— H. A. Ver
hellen (D.;, 038 Green street, ana A. Vergez
(R.), 138 Green street.
Precinct 12— Inspector, William Peterson
(D.), 1610 a Mason street; judges— P. Grace
(D.), 1401 Stockton street, and A. Wolff (R.),
916 Vallejo street.
Precinct 13— Inspector, T. B. Cunningham
(D.), 008 Chestnut street; judges — Thomas F.
Mullen (D.). 810 Lombard street, and G. Chad
wick (R.), 722 Lombard street.
Precinct 14— Inspector, J. L. MarKel (D.). 915
Union street; judges— Leo Veiller (D.), 1914
Leavenworth street, and A. t. Gcrabaldi (R.),
1712 a Mason street.
Precinct 15— Inspector, Hugo B. Hatfleld
(D.), 920 Union street; judges— William Mc-
Glinchey (D.), 2001 Taylor street, and E. M.
Furbush (R.;, 813 Lombard street.
Trial of Captain Tibbins.
The trial of Captain Tibbins, charged with
carelessness in nearly causing a collision on
the bay last week between the Tiburon and
the San Rafael, will be resumed in
the office of the Inspector of Hulls
and Boilers next Monday at 1 o'clock.
Captain Birmingham, inspector in charge, will
conduct the hearing. It is probable that
Captain Clark of the ill-fated Colombia will b«
asked to give his explanation of the disaster
during the next week. Three days Bgo he filed
a formal notice of the loss of the vessel, but
was requested to give a minute report. He is
now engaged on this, and will probably file it
Monday.
At the Cliff House.
The Harvard Club has accented the invita
tion of Mayor Sutro to visit the baths to-day
and will afterward have a banquet at the Cliff
House. The Imperial Bicycle Club will have
a run to the CHS House to-morrow morning.
Reduced to l'etty Larceny.
Patrick Donovan and Thomas McGraw, who
were charged with burglary, were yesterday
sent to the County Jail by Police Judge Camp
bell for six months, the complaint against
them being reduced to petty larceny.
AN UNPRECEDENTED
GAIN IN WEIGHT,
A Trained Nurse Gained Fifty-
Three Pounds by Using a
Nerve Food.
One of the Most Remarkable Results on
Record.
• < From the Gazette. Yonkers. N. T. ■
"I don't look much like a living skeleton
now, do I ? And yet two years ago I -.reigned
just seventy-two pounds." sold Mr«. J. W.
Coffeyof 55 Warburton avenue, Yonkers, N.
l., to a reporter. And we agreed with her,
for she certainly looked anything but a living
skeleton, but rather bore the appearance of a
plump and attractive lady in excellent health
and spirits. Continuing she saia :
"I had lost my appetite and was wasting
away in flesh, losing some fifty pounds in a
few months. Doctors said I was threatened
with consumption. I was under what was re
garded as first-class medical treatment, but it
had apparently little or no effect, for I kept
getting worse umil I was co weak that 1 could
not attend to my household duties and could
hardly walk. My husband and everybody who
saw me thought surely that I would die, and
there seemed no help for me. •
"Tonics and stimulants and medicines all
seemed useless, and I crew worse and worse
until at last I resolved to seek some new rem
edy—one entirely out of the usual lino of
nauseous " drugs and dose* of stuff which
seemed to take away what little relish I night
perhaps otherwise have had for food. A friend
told me of some wonderful cures effected by
I>r, Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and I
bought a box. The effect from their use was
noticeable from the first, and soon appeared
almost miraculous, for it seemed pretty nearly
like the raising of one from the deiid. "
. "I soon commenced to eat, something I had
scarcely done before for weeks, and soon be
s-an to gain in flesh and strength. I went one
day to the doctor's office and lie was surprised
at the change in me for the better. I had to
confess that I had teen taking the pills, and
he was broad-minded enoueh to advise me to
continue what was evidently doing me so much
good: * I took, in all, six boxes, and increased
in weight from 72 to 125 pounds, which if my
regular and normal weight." .-.-•-.
•'Are you sure the cure is permanent?"
"Well, yes. My work is that. of a trained
nurse, which means, as you probably know
irregular hours and at times great exhaustion.
During the two years since my recovery 1 have
had many engagements, and through them all
have continued in good health. I take pleas
ure in bearing testimony to the remarkable
power of this great medical discovery. 1 Know
of other cures effected by it. A friend of mine
suffered greatly at her monthly periods. One
box relieved and three-boxes cured her. But
I know of no case equal to mine, for my situa
tion was critical, desperate and almost hope*
less." • ■- -'..■• • .
. Mrs. Coffer has lived In Yonkers for sixteen
years, and for ..twelve years has followed the
business of attending the sick, excepting only
the period of her illness. ' She has hundreds of
acquaintances and friends wno know her to
be capable and trustworthy. Many of them
know how very ill she was and -how.; remark
able was her recovery. The pills have a large
sale "in Yonkers and Wesichester -County,
which will be greatly increased as'their merits
become better known; for they seem to be one
of the medical marvels of the age.
Dr. Williams' Pink. Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements necessary to
give new life and richness to the blood and re
store shattered nerves. They are an unfailing
specific for such diseases as locomotor ntaxia,
partial paralysis, St. VUus dance, sciatia,
neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous headache,
the after effect of la grippe, palpitation of the
heart, pale and sallow complexions, all forms
of weakness either in male or female. : Pink
Pills are sold by all dealer*, or will be sent post
paid on receipt of price, 50 cents a box, or. six
boxes for, $2 50— (they are never sold in bulk
or by the ■ 100}— b y, addressing Dr. - Williams'
Medicine Company, Schenectaay, N." Y.T*
NEW TO-DAT. :■ , - _-_ _ _
ifoOH
WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY
(In the Hudelson Case).
n i§L Jin ?\ r
HAS JUDGE WALLACE f
"IN A HOLE"
And calls upon him to answer certain
pertinent questions.
EMPORIUM SHYLOCK
METHODS CONDEMNED.
THE SCOUNDREL
SUPERVISORS
Denounced and their indictment de-
manded. ■
And other live questions discussed
in a fearless and free manner.
5 CENTS A COPY.
Subscriptions $1.50 per year.
Address 1.. W. to VET, Manager, 429
Montgomery Street. • • '.".■ " £ i- >■-.•■■■
OFFICE OP THE
Registrar of Voters
- — OP THE
City and County of San Francisco.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN' THAT THE
Boards of Precinct Registration for the General
Election, to be held on TUESDAY, the. 3d day of
November, A. I)., 1896, will meet in their re-
spective precincts for the Kegiatratlon of Voters
and for such other purposes as are prescribed by
law on WEDNESDAY, August 6,1896, from 9
o'clock a. m. until 10 o'clock p. m. dally, for five
(5) days, until and including MONDAY, August
10, 1896, on which day all registration closes.
All electors who have not been registered for
said General Election are hereby invited to pre-
sent themselves for registration. -
The Boards of Precinct Kegistration will sit as
above for the purpose of registering all legal and
qualified voters residing In their precincts who
have not registered at the office of the Registrar of
Voters since May 27, 1696.
Any person who baa not registered since May
27, 1896. and falls to register at the Board of Pre-
cinct Jiesistration of the precinct In which he*re-
sides will be debarred the privilege of voting at
such election.
In accordance with Section 21 of the "Act to
Regulate Keglstratlon of Voters," etc., the follow-
ing places have been secured for the sessions of
the Hoards of Precinct Registration.
REGISTRATION PLAGES.
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
Twenty-Eighth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 2o4 Mission. -
Second Precinct — 17 Howard. .
Third Precinct— 40 1 Harrison.
Fourth Precinct— 4ls Folsom. .''
Fifth Precinct— 229 Second. ■
Sixth Precinct— M) 3 Howard.
Seventh Precinct— 522 Howard.
Eighth Precinct— First.
Ninth Precinct— Wi First.
Tenth Precinct— Mission.
Eleventh Precinct— lo2 Jessie. ;
Twelfth Precinct— 29 Stanley place.
Thirteenth Precinct— 66B Howard.
Fourteenth Precinct 62s Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 66s Howard.
Sixteenth Precinct— 24 Verona.
Seventeenth Precinct— 43l Third.
Twenty-Ninth Assembly District.
First Precinct— B6B Jessie.
Second Precinct— 2ls Stevenson,
Third Precinct— Bso Mission.
Fourth Precinct— lol% Fifth.
Fifth Precinct— 7sB Mission,
(Sixth Precinct— 222 Vi Natomi.
Seventh Precinct— 726V) Howard. «f.
Eighth Precinct— 3sl Minna.
Ninth Precinct— SOSVs Tehama. '
Tenth Precinct— 13 Jfooith.
Eleventh Precinct— 7l6 folsom.
Twelfth Precinct— 223 Fifth. ".
Thirteenth Precinct— l44l,4 Clara. , - . .
Fourteenth Precinct— Folsom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 4B Rltcb.
Sixteenth Precinct— Fourth. .-...--,
Seventeenth Precinct— lo4 Perry. j
- Eighteenth Precinct— 42l Fourth. j
Nineteenth Precinct— 662 Bryant.
Thirtieth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 46B Stevenson. : -
Second Precinct— 2s Sixth. * ]
Third Precinct— 6o2 jessie. . .
Fourth Precinct— Mission. ;
< Fifth Precinct— 506 Minna.
\ Sixth Precinct— ll9 Sixth.
Seventh Precinct — 960 Howard.
Klghth Precinct— Fifth.
Ninth Precinct— Fifth.
Tenth Precinct— loo 7 Howard. ;
Eleventh Precinct— Seventh.
Twelfth Precinct— 939 Kolsom.
Thirteenth Precinct- 886 Hlxth.
Fourteenth Precinct— 43l Sixth.
Fifteenth Precinct— 923% Harrison.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4lo sixth.
Seventeenth Precinct— loB2 Howard.
Thirty-First Assembly District.
First Precinct— 3 Eighth.
Second Precinct— Ninth.
Third Precinct— ll47 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— llsB Kighth.
Fifth Precinct— ll46 Howard.
• Sixth Precinct— Mission. >■
Seventh Pieclnct — 153 Eleventh.
Eighth Precinct— 2ls Tenth. -
Ninth Precinct— lo4 Eighth.
Tenth Precinct— "247 Eighth.
Eleventh Precinct— llo3 Howard. -
Twelfth Precinct— ll2o Harrison.
Thirteenth Precinct— ll39 Folsom.
Fourteenth Precinct— l 239 Foisom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 3 Ninth.
sixteenth Precinct— l 329 Harrison.
Seventeenth Precinct— l 439 Harrison,
Thirty-Second Assembly District. '
First Precinct— 274 Brannan. .
• Second Precinct— 6ol Third.
Third Precinct— 7lB Third.
Fourth Precinct— Bl6 Fourth.
Fifth Precinct— s24 Third.
Sixth Precinct— Fourth.
ven tli Precinct— s4o Brannan.
Eighth Precinct— 615% sixth.
Ninth Precinct— . 050 Kentucky.
Tenth Precinct— Bryant.
Eleventh Precinct— 7o7 Brannan.
Twelfth Precinct— .Brannan.
Thirteenth Precinct— 9s3 Bryant.
Fourteenth Precinct— l6l4 Twentieth (Napa).
Thirty-Third Assembly District.
First Precinct— Twenty-first.
Second Precinct— 3o2B Twenty-second.
. Third Precinct— 3l42 Twenty-fourth.
Fourth Precinct— l 336 Alabama.
. Fifth Precinct— 2Bs7 Twenty-fourth.
Sixth Precinct- 1006 Florida. '
Seventh Precinct— 2 Bos Bryant avenue.
• Eighth Precinct— 27o2 Twenty-fourth. ':
Ninth Precinct— 232l Humboidt. .
Tenth ' Precinct— Corner 24th and Potrero aye.
Eleventh Precinct— N. W. cor. 22d and Tennes-
see. • i ~» j y*tvi «w Hiir^ r— ifrnwiJßiiiwrjT
_ Twelfth Precinct— 92l Illinois.
Thirteenth Precinct — 602 Railroad avenue
Fourteenth Precinct— l6s9 Fifteenth avenue.
" Fifteenth Precinct— Cor. Kailroad and 14th ayes.
' Thirty- Fourth Assembly District.
First Precinct— lsl7 Howard,
second Precinct—. 533 Mission.
Third Precinct— 46 Twelfth,
I-omrth Precinct— l l Valencia:
Fifth Precinct— l 639 Mission.
Sixth Precinct— l73l Mission.
: Seventh Precinct— l6o9 i-olsom.
Eighth irecinct— 11H Fourteenth.
. Ninth Precinct— l Bos Mission.
Tenth Precinct— Valencia.
Eleventh Precinct— 442 Valencia.
Twelfth Precinct— B4B Valencia.
Thirteenth Precinct— s67 Valencia.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2los Mission.
Fifteenth I'reclnci— l47s Fifteenth.
Hxtet-nth Precinct— cor. 18ih and Folsom.
Seventeenth Precinct— 223s Mission.
Eighteenth Precinct— B39 Valencia.
• Nineteenth Piecinct— BoB Valencia.
Twentieth Precinct— Valencia.
Twenty-first Precinct— s232s Mission,
REW. TO-DAY.' :
Thirty-Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— Corner of Clipper and Church.
Second Precinct— o64s 'iwenty-third. ■
Third Precinct— Corner Valencia and Twenty-
third. 'ff'^Wf*VWffl aa^' ll ''™*^*iF ai f a ™ a^ffpß ! f(fj^|A^W
Fourth Precinct— 32l7 Twenty-first.
-Fif^h Precinct— NW. corner Mission and 24th.
Sixth Precinct— 262s Mission.
Seventh Precinct-3281 Twenty-fourth.
Kichth Precinct— l4o6 Valencia.
1 .Ninth Precinct— 'lhirtieth, between San Joss
avenue and Mission. -
Tenth Precinct— Alabama, between: Preclta
avenue and Montcalm. '
Eleventh Precinct— 3l2l Mission.
Twelfth Precinct— S2Bl Mission. ,
Thirteenth Precinct— 46 Richland avenue.
Fourteenth Precinct— Liquri Hall.
Thirty-Sixth Assembly District*
First Precinct— 23l6 Fifteenth.
Second Precinct— 2slB% Market,
Third Precinct— 222 Church,
i Fourth Precinct— 3l39 Sixteenth.
Fifth Precinct— 3796 Eighteenth. ',
Sixth Precinct— 4l6l Eighteentb. \
Seventh Precinct— 4llo Eighteenth.
Eighth Precinct— 4oBl Nineteenth.
Ninth Precinct— 93o Sanchez. -
Tenth Precinct— 36l9 Eighteenth, •
Eleventh Precinct— Corner Twenty-fourth and
Vicksburjf. - .••■ "■■* ■ --•" 1
Twelfth Precinct— 4los Twenty-fourth.
Thirteenth Precinct— NW. cor. Day and Ban-
Fourteenth Precinct— 22s Twenty-eighth. "
Fifteenth Precinct— l 434 Dolores.
; Sixteenth Precinct— 3slo Mission.
Seventeenth Precinct-4306 Twenty-first.
Eighteenth Precinct— Bo4 Douglass. •
Nineteenth Precinct— San Jose ana Ocean
avenues.
Twentieth Precinct — Corner Sagamnr* and
Plymouth aye.
Thirty-Seventh Assembly District.
First Precinct— B39 Hayes.
Second Precinct— 9 Oak. • > •
Third Precinct— l 43 Page.
• Fourth Precinct— l 7 Franklin.
Fifth Precinct— 43s Hares.
Sixth Precinct— 6oo Hayes.
Seventh Precinct— slB% Laguna.
Eighth Precinct— 26l c eta via.
Ninth Precinct — Market, ,
Tenth Precinct— 6l4 Herman.
Eleventh Precinct— 466 Halght,
Twelfth Precinct— Haves.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 FlUmore.
Fourteenth Precinct— 627 Halght. .
' Fifteenth Precinct— (Booth), S\V. corner Haight
and Devlsadero.- •
Sixteenth Precinct— 93o OaH.
Seventeenth Precinct— l2l6 Oak.
; Eighteenth Precinct— Scott.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3oo Baker.
Twentieth Precinct— l 733 Oak.
Twenty-first Precinct— l7oo Page.
Thirty-Eighth Assembly District.
' First Precinct— Ellis. -
second Precinct— 6o7 Franklin. '
Third Precinct— 61 McAllister.
Fourth Precinct — 504 Grove.
Fifth Precinct— McAllister.
Sixth Precinct— l3ol Ellis.
Seventh Precinct— l 629 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— l 342 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— llo6 Buchanan. *
Tenth Precinct— Bll Buchanan.
Kleventh Precinct— B2l Webster.
Twelfth Precinct— llos Fill mure.
Thirteenth Precinct— l77l El'is. . * '..
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Dcvi sad era
Fifteenth Precinct— l6l3 Turk.
Sixteenth Precinct— 667 Broderick.
Seventeenth Precinct— l6o2 Grove.
.Eighteenth Precinct— 2s44 McAllister.
Thirty-Ninth Assembly District*
First Precinct— l 26 Hayes.
Second Precinct— Polk.
Third Precinct— 36 Grove.
Fourth Precinct— 333 Golden Gate avenue.
Fifth Precinct— Blo Golden Gate avenue.
Sixth Precinct— 329 Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— 3l9 I.eaven worth. .
Eighth Precinct— 506 Larkin.
Ninth Precinct— 4o2 McAllister. .: '
Tenth Precinct— 6o9 Larkin.
Eleventh Precinct— Bl3 Larkln.
■ Twelfth Precinct— B37 Geary.
Thirteenth Precinct— 42l Jones.
-Fourteenth Precinct— sll% Jones,
Fifteenth Precinct— slB Hyde, ■ ■«:•;-
Sixteenth Precinct— lo3o Butter. .
Seventeenth Precinct— loos Post.
Eighteenth Precinct— l 224 Polk.
Nineteenth Precinct— ls2l California. ■
Twentieth Precinct— l3l7 Pine. '-.'■•
- ' • . -~— »kw *- '. 'r ■
Fortieth: Assembly District*
First Precinct— l62o-81 Pine.
Second Precinct — Fern avenue.
Third Precinct— l 623 Post.
Fourth Precinct— lBo3 LRguna.
Fifth Precinct— lBl4 Laguna.
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine.
Seventh Precinct— 2loB Fillmore.
Eighth Precinct— l9o4 FUlmore.
Ninth Precinct— lsl7 Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— lBo2 Geary.
! Eleventh Precinct— 26o9 Bush.
Twelfth Precinct— 26o9 Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct— 292s California.
Fourteenth Precinct— l 4oo Devlsadero.
Fifteenth Precinct— 263s Sutter.
Sixteenth Precinct— Pine.
Seventeenth Precinct— l42B Central avenue.
Eighteenth Precinct— Bo9 Point Lobog avenue. ■
Nlnteenth Precinct— l3l3 Point Lobos avenue.
Twentieth Precinct— 36o Ninth avenue.
Forty-First Assembly District.
First Precinct— l4 l3 Jackson.
Second Precinct— l7o2 Hyde.
4 Third Precinct— 2oo9 Hyde,
Fourth Precinct— 26ol% Hyde.
Fifth Precinct— 2lo3 Larkin.
Sixth Preciuct— l926 Polk.
Seventh Precinct— l7oB Polk.
Eighth Precinct— l9lB Pacific.
Ninth Precinct— 23os Jackson.
Tenth Precinct— lBl3 Vallejo.
Eleventh Precinct— Octavla.
Twelfth Precinct— 3lo3 Fillmor*.
Thirteenth Precinct— l9l6 Union.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2slo Steiner.
-Fifteenth Precinct— 26oo Sacrament*
■ Sixteenth Precinct— 2926 Washington.
Seventeenth Precinct— 3399 Sacramento.
Eighteenth Precinct— 3733 Greenwich.
' Nineteenth Precinct— 362o Sacramento.
* Forty-Second Assembly District*
' First Precinct— l 4 Golden Gate avenue.
Second Precinct— 23o Taylor.
- Third Precinct— 224 Ellis.
- Fourth Precinct— l 37 Tarlor.
.. Fifth Precinct— 44o Geary.
'. sixth Precinct— 6l2 Post.
Seventh Precinct— s27% Geary.
: . Eighth Precinct— loo« Bush.
Ninth Precinct— Bo9 Bush.
:• Tenth Precinct— llBs Clay.
• Eleventh Precinct— llo4 Clay. .
Twelfth Precinct— Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3ll California.
Fourteenth Precinci— l4*26 Washington.
Fifteenth Precinct— l 334 Pacific. »
Sixteenth Prtcluct— ll4l Pacific
Forty-Third Assembly District.
First Precinct— Ellis. '
Second Precinct— ll7 Powell.
Third Precinct— 3o6 Mason.
Fourth Precinct— l4B Geary.
Fifth Precinct— 22 Stockton place.
Sixth Precinct— 4l3 Powell.
Feventh Precinct— sos Bush.
Eighth Precinct— 62o Bush. '
Ninth Precinct— 6os Pine.
Tenth Precinct— 33s Kearny.
; Eleventh Preclnci— B22 California.
Twelfth Precinct— 93o Washington.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo23 Clay. '
Fourteenth Precinct— l3lo Mason.
Fifteenth Precinct — 1223 Stockton.
Sixteenth Precinct— . Montgomery aven ia»
Forty-Fourth Assembly District.'
First Precinct— 6o6 Broadway.
Second Precinct— 6l2 Broadway.
Third Precinct— ls2l Mason. .
Fourth Precinct — 1512 DuponS.
Fifth Precinct— 6oB Filbert.
Sixth Precinct— so Bay.
Seventh Precinct— 2lC6 Mason.
Eighth Precinct— 234o Mason. - '
Ninth Precinct— 73o Montgomery avenue.
Tenth Precinct— lBl3% Mason. .
Eleventh Precinct— l7o6 Mason.
Twelfth Precinct— l6o2 Mason. -
Thirteenth Precinct— 1 605 Taylor.
Fourteenth Precinct— l7o2 Leavenworth. :
Fifteenth Preclnct-913% Filbert. ,
Forty-Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 3ol Bush.
Second Precinct— 4 33 Pine.
Third Precinct— 24 Drumm. -
Fourth Precinct— llB Leldesdorff. ' . '
Fifth Precinct-812 Commercial.
Sixth Precinct— 22s LeldesdorfT
Seventh Precinct— l 24 Montgomery a venae. '
Eighth. Precinct— lo9 Jackson. :. --
Ninth Precinct— los Washington.
Tenth Precinct— 342a Union. ' ' ■
, Eleventh Precinct— ls Vallejo.
■ Twelfth Precinct— Northeast corner Pacific and
Montgomery avenue. . ' '
Thirteenth Precinct— lolo Montgomery. ••
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o2 Montgomery,
W. M. HIN'TOV, Registrar of Voters.
Ty^Vnll^r«Taroat!pimpies>rCopper^B
■HAYt lUU colored Spots, Aches, Old SoreaJgl
enjlcera in Mouth, Hair-Kail Write COOEj
IkEMEDT CO., SOT aiaionle TempleJß
-SJChlcaffo, 111., lor proota of cures. Capt-^B
■till. 9600,000. Worst cases enrod in IAV
gglo OS day. 100-pago boob, free. g|
■ — - — -^ ______
■ ■ ' ■ :.- - ■' ' ■
«M '^""SoKrffl!
s^^^^o Gleet, Spermatorrhoea*
J^yialto6d»yi.^H Whites, unnatural di«!
JWW Ou»ruit(»d J^ charges, or any inflamma-
nut to itrlatnre. "" tion. irritation or ulcera-
jfca Pr ", tou eonu « lott - tion of mucon niem-
KsltheEvaN3 CHEMICUOO. *>ranes. Non-astringent.
«^aCINCINMATI,O.^®g| *° ld by DrnsitiatD-
D. S. x. !3Wf"9 r Nt in plain wrnpper,
■ Circular sen* or. ■- cmgi.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pEABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
Kj law and Notary Public, 638 Market at" opp*
«IK> Palace HoteL Telephone 570. KeaidanM ICQMALBERT STETSON
KILLS HIMSELF.
Puts a Bullet Through His
Brain In a Despond
ent Mood.
CAUSED BY CIREHOSIS.
Tragic Ending of a Popular
Man's Life at the Close of
a Busy Day.
AMY HEAD THE SOLE WITNESS
The Young Lady Tel s How Her Es
cort Killed Himself in Fred
Webster's Rooms.
Albert L. Stetson, manager of the Yo
semite Valley Railroad Company, promi- j
nent as the son of Millionaire James B. j
Stetson, the president of the North Pacific !
Coast Railroad Company, died in the !
apartments of Frederick Webster, 2135 Post
street, about 3 o'clock yesterday morning,
Death was caused by a bullet wound in
the right temple, probably fired by de
ceased in n fit of mental aberration due to j
much suffering from a painful and de- i
pressing disease of the liver. The only j
other Uieory is that he was murdered, or :
that he pulled tbe trigger, not knowing
the revolver was loaded.
The only known witness to the tragedy ;
is Mi«s Amy Head of 1326 Calif on ia street, j
who w»s with Stetson when the fatal shot |
was fired. She tells a straightforward j
Ftory, to the effect that Stetson deliber
ately fired the sl»ot that killed him, an- j
nouncing, "This is the way I'll go home." ,
Many of the minor parts of her story,
regarding tbe way she spent the early j
hours of tbe bight with Stetson and others, j
are corroborated in a degree by Charles j
Hug and others, who saw Stetson and
Miss Head at the Orpheum.
Miss Head's story is to the effect that ;
she and Stetson went to Webster's apart- j
ments to ring for a coupe to take them
home, and that Stetson suddenly drew his
revolver, which, she thought, contained no
loads, and killed himself. Aside from her
story everything connected with the
tragedy is conjectural.
When seeu at her mother's home yester
day afternoon Miss Head, though much
depressed over tbe publicity of the affair,
frankly gave the following description of
the tragedy :
"I went to the Orpheum with a lady
Fred Webster, in Whose Apartments Mr. Stetson Came to His Deatb.
friend," said Miss Head, "and there I saw
Al Stetson, Charley Hug and Fred Sam
uels. They had gone to the theater to
gether and sat near M. I greeted them
and said: 'Al, yon do not look well,' and
he replied that he had been drinking and
felt depressed. Later he snowed a re
volver in his hip pocket and I said, 'Give
it to me, Al, for it is a dangerous thing for
you to have here,' and he replied, 'I'll not
give it to you, but you may take it,' and I
reached back and took it out of his hip
pocket. It was not long until he left us,
Eaying be felt so miserable that He in
tended to take a coupe and drive around
town. In about an hour a waiter brought
the party a round of drinks, saying, 'These
are with Mr. Stetson's compliments,' but
we did not see him in the seat he had
occupied. He came back pretty soon,
however, and I then said to the others,
'See what I have been keeping while he
was away,' and I exhibited his revolver.
"Al then said: 'If it worries you I'll
unload it.' He then took out four loads
and gave me the cartridces, placing the '
revolver in his pocket. Bhortly after this
we dined and Al wanted to go home, say
ing he would ring for a coupe and I could
go as far as my home. We went to Mr.
Webster's rooms on Post street to ring for
a coupe and Al wanted to go in, saying:
'I've always heard Fred had fine rooms
here.'
-'1 allowed him to look through, some
what against my best judgment, while I
rane for a coupe; but Al lingered, and
finally I said, 'Well, this is not the way
home.'
"He then stood updeliberately, stretched
to full length, and, pulling out his revol
ver, which I supposed was empty, said,
'ibis is the way I'll go home,' and fell
dead before me. I did not know what to
do, in what direction to look, and I
scarcely knew wbat had happened until I
saw blood on my hand.
"I went over to the washstand and
washed off the blood, thought a moment
in the presencs o' the dead, then went
downstairs and told Joseph Quay wbat
had happened; but he did not come up-
Btairs. saying, 'You bad better call nis
most intimate friend.' I then got in a
coupe and went to Charley Hug's house.
He came down with me and we got Dr.
Farrell, but the man was dead.
"This is all I know about it. I think he
was temporarily insane, for he would
never, never have killed himself in my
presence and left me In all this trouble.
He had nothing against me, did not love
me, was not mad or jealous, ana had no
worries by reason of me. We were simply
good friends, and he was always a gentle
man with me. The rumor that Mr. Web
ster requested him to look after me while
he was absent in Europe is false. I am
old enough to look after myself. Some of
my friends and myself once dined with
Al, and Fred found it out and did not
care. There was no case of rivalry or
jealousy, and how I hate this publicity on
account of my family. As for m yself, I
do not care."
Miss Head's connection with the case
may b? better understood when it is stated
that she and her mother have charge of
Mr. Webster's apartments during his ab
j sence in Europe, and that Miss Head and
| Mr. Webster have been close friends for
| years. The young lady at one time had a
suite of rooms in the same building, on
the floor beneath Webster's apartments.
Dr. P. J. H. Farrell and Charles Hug
were the first persons on the scene after Ste
tson's death. Their stories throw further
lieht on the case.
j Dr. P. J. H. Farrell, who was called to
room 3, on the fifth floor of the building,
235 Post street, at 1 :30 a. m., to attend Mr.
Stetson, made a statement to The Call
yesterday. He said:
"Iwaßinbed when Miss Head roused
me with the summons to attend a man
who had shot himself in Fred Webster's
I apartments on the top floor. 1 found the
i man, Albert Stetson, lying prone on the
I fiooV. The blood in his throat and nostrils
obstructed Lis breathing, and so 1 turned
him over with his face downward and
placed my finger in his throat to clear
away tbe blood. He was breathing heavily,
i but the clearing away of the blood afforded
| some relief."
"Was he conscious?" the reporter asked.
"No, be was not conscious." replied Dr.
j Farrell, "and he did not regtin conscious
j ness. He expired at 2:55 o'clock. I had I
| Miss Head summon friends cf Mr. Stet
i son. From Charles Hug, who was surc
j moned, I ascertained that Dr. Morse was
I the Stetson family physician, and I
I thought it best to send for him. I also
bent for Dr. Terrill. Mr. Stetson expired
j before the physicians arrived. William
Wheeler, a cousin of Mr. btetson, was also
called.
"What statement did Miss Head make
of the tragedy?" was asked.
"She said that she and Mr. Stetson had
stopped at the rooms — Mr. Webster's
apartments — on their return from the
; Orpheum. At the Orpheum Stetson dis
j played a revolver, but she obtained
! from him the cartridges which were taken
from the cylinder. Four cartridges were
found in the pocket of her coat. Accord
ing to her story Stetson laid off his over
, coat and placed it on the table in room
I 3— the bedroom. He also put his hat on
! the table. She stepped into an adjoining
; room for an instant and then heard a
pistol-shot. She saw Sietson falling from
! an upright position in front of a large
j mirror. Then she came down and called
■ to me that a man had shot himself."
Dr. Farrell says that the pistol, a Smith
<fc Wesson, contained only one cartridge,
and that one passed throueh Stetson's
head. It was placed bo close to the
temple, just back of the right eye, that tbe
face was not powder- burned. The bullet
passed through both walls of tbe skull
and spattered out the brains with the
blood. Subsequently the Coroner found
the bullet on the carpet. The pistol lay
on the floor at the feet of the prostrate
man.
"Mr. Wheeler and Mr. Hug arrived be
fore Mr. Btetson expired," said Dr. Far
rell. "Mr. Hug was there quite a time be
fore the patient ceased breathing. Drs.
Terrill and Morse were telephoned for."
"I saw," resumed Dr. Farrell, "that
Miss Head was very much agitated, and
fearing that she would become hysterical,
gave her something to quiet her nerves
and produce sleep. On my advico she
went to her room on the floor below and
slept until this morning after daylight.
Then I roused her and advised her to go
to her own home, to avoid the excitement
of seeing many people and talking of the
tragedy.
"Miss Head had not been living in the
house regularly for some months. You
may recollect that her diamonds were
stolen by a Chinaman some two months
ago. She had cnarge of Fred Webster's
apartments. This suite embraces all the
upper or fifth floor of tho house and con
sists of* kitchen, dining-room, bathroom,
bedroom and two sitting-rooms. One of
the sitting-rooms has a facing on Stockton
street.
"The other rooms face on Post street, or
front north. The room in which the trag
edy occurred was the bedroom, althougn
it had not been used as a sleeping apart
ment for several months. Tne bed con
tained only a mattress. In the southeast
corner of the room is a marble washstand,
with faucets for running water. The bed
is in tbe southwest corner. The mirror — a
large one— is in the northeast corner, or
angle of the walls. In front of the mirror
Mr. Stefson stood when he placed the re
volver to his right temple."
Dr. Farreil says that Mr. Hug and others
came with Mr. Stetson and Miss Head to
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
235 Post street after leaving the Orpheum,
and that within fifteen minutes after Mr.
Hug and his company left the tragedy
occurred.
Dr. Farrell says ha asked Mi«s Head if
she had touched the man after ho shot
himself and she replied in tbe negative.
"I examined her bands and clothing,"
said the doctor, "aud found no blood
Etains. There were no signs of a struggle
apparent. Mr. Stetson's clothing was not
disarranged or disordered. She was too
much excited to give a clear account of
what occurred. Bhe and Stetson were
alone."
Charles Hug, who was interviewed yes
terday afternoon, told this straightforward
story:
"I met Al Stetson last evening and asked
him to dine with me. At first he declined,
saying that he was not feeling well and
bad not eaten anything that day. Then I
said, 'You must come and eat something.
I won't take no for an answer. Come
with me to the Pup and dine.' At dinner
we drank only claret. We decided after
dinner to _o to the Orpheum. I should
say it was 8:30 when we went in. The
first act or scene was on when we entered.
"Stetson saw Amy Head there in one of
the boxes. Perhaps he knew she was go
ing or received word at dinner to that
effect. He excused himself about 10
o'clock, saying, "I must leave you now.'
When I left the Orpheum I saw him talk
ing with Miss Head and others. Later on,
a little after 11 o'clock we met again at
the Columbia — Green's, on Powell street.
I asked him to take a drink and we had
one drin_. Then we all walked up Powell
street to G-eary — Miss Head, Mr. Stetson
and myself. We parted there. I went to
my home on Sutter and Gough streets,
and I supposed they went to 235 Post
street
"Tbe next I heard was a summons from
Jimmie. tbe hackman, who stands there
at the corner of Grant avenue and Post
street, near tbe Bohemian Club. He had
his carriage to take me to the room where
Al Stetson had shot himself. Miss Head
was in the carriage, but she was so much
excited that she could not give a clear ac
count of what had taken place. I asked
her if she had called a physician. She
uaid no, but that there was a doctor in the
building — Dr. Farrell. We roused him up
and had him go upstairs. Stetson was
lvlng on the floor, but was still living.
The pistol lay at his feet. I did not
touch it."
Charles Hug does not entertain the
slightest idea that Mr. Stetson committed
suicide. "I would be willing," said Mr.
Hug, "to take my oath tnat Al Stetson
did not shoot himself purposely. I fancy
that he was flourishing the pistol in a
playful manner to make the girl believe
that he was desperate, and when he
placed the weapon to his head, supposed
that all the cartridges had been ex
tracted.
"There was nothing to prompt him to
take his own life. He had not suffered
business reverses or disappointments of
any kind. He was cheerful and happy as
usual during the evening, and mentioned
after dinner that he felt unusually well."
"How much time intervened between
the shooting and your arrival at the room
235 Post street?"
"I should think a half hour," replied
Mr. Hug. "Yes, Mr. Stetson must have
been lying there alone during that time.
Dr. Farrell was not called until I called
him. Miss Head did wake another man
in the building to get assistance, but be
declined to respond, advising her to get
one of Stetson's friends. She then sent a
hackman with a carriage for me. Yes, we
drove rapidly. Dr. Farrell responded as
soon as we notified him. Afterward I
went out to summon Stetson's cousin,
William Wheeler, and Dr. Morse. Stetson
died while I was out. Grove P. Ayer was
also summoned. We carried the body
down the stairway to the Morgue wagon.
It was very heavy and took all of as to
carry it."
It would appear from Dr. Farrell's own
statement that he was summoned imme-
diately after the shot was fired, but the
clearer narrative by Mr. Hug shows con
clusively that Mr. Stetson lav in the room
bleeding and unconscious for at least a
half hour. If consciousness returned to
permit him to speak no one was present
to hear him and note his utterance.
A gentleman who was well acquainted
with Mr. Stetson at once put aside the
theory of suicide.
"I knew him very well," said he, ''and
knew that he drank occasionally, but he
did not drink to excess. He had no busi
ness reverses to mourn over. His affairs,
so far as I know, were in good shape, and
his prospects in life promising.
"He was interested with Bullock, an
Eastern man of some wealth, in an enter
prise looking to the construction of a rail
road to the Yosemite Valley. Bullock had
been the builder of a railroad near Phoenix,
Ariz., which did not prove remunerative
and it was contemplated to take up the
rails of the Arizona road and use them on
the Yosemite road.
"Perhaps Mr. Stetson expended $8000 or
$10,000 in surveying and obtaining the
right of way for the proposed railroad.
When the San Joaquin Valley road was
started Mr. Stetson worked awhile in get
ting subscriptions for the company and
also made some collections. He did good
work.
"Yes, he was a capable, intelligent and
clear-headed man. He was not embar
rassed by business difficulties so far as I
know, and I knew nim quite well. He
was the last man to think of committing
suicide, and I am confident that he did
not take his own life deliberately. It was
surely another and remarkable instance
A. L. STETSON.
of 'I didn't know it was loaded.' He fan
cied that all the cartridges w*re out of the
cylinder, and placed the pistol to his head
to create a playful scene. lam fully con
vinced, from my knowledge of the man,
that he never committed suicide. Yes.
some years ago lie accidentally nhoi him
self in tbe foot. He took out his revolver
from his hip pocket while taking out his
keys. The weapon dropped on the door
step of his home, and was accidentally
discharged. The bullet hit his foot, and
he was laid npfor some time."
The theory of some of Stetson's friends
is that he did not intend to commit sui
cide; that, while drinking, he thought he
had removed all the cartridges from his
revolver, and that the shot, if fired by
him, was a joke, to frighten Miss Head.
For many yearslAlbert Stetson bad been
prominent in the social and business life
of San Francisco. The scion of a wealthy
and respected family, a leader in business
affairs and a man of happy disposition,
few, if any who knew him well will for a
moment listen to tbe theory that he left
the world of his own will.
One of tho myster.es of the case is the
total lack of powder-burns on the temple
or through the brain substance.
The bullet entered the right temple,
according to Dr. Barrett's autopsy, an
Inch and a half in front of the right ear
THE MIRROR IN WEBSTER'S BEDROOM.
and three-quarters of an inch above it,
passed through the cerebrum and emerged
an inch and a balf behind the left ear.
The most thorough examination failed to
reveal powder marks or burns anywhere.
"If the pistol had been held close to the
temple," said Dr. Farrell, "there would
have been no marks on the skin, though
there would have been on the brain, and
if it had been held six, twelve or eighteen
inches from the temple there would sureiy
have been powder-marks there."
With a view of testing the burning
power of the powder in the cartridges that
were in Stetson's revolver, the Coroner and
Dr. Barrett last night made a number of
experiments by firing at human hair and
pieces of tissue paper at points from six
to eighteen inches from the objects aimed
at. In no instance was the hair scorched
or the paper powder-burned, though clean
cut powder marks were visible in the paper
at each distance.
This caused the experimenters to con
clude that the powder in Stetson's car
tridges was smokeless and that the a!>
sence of powder burns was tho* accounted
for; but for that fact there would be much
ground for doubting whether the snot was
self-inflicted, accidentally or otherwise.
The dead man had hundreds of friends
in the City. He was educated here and
was a well-known society and club man,
34 years of age. When barely of a^e he
went to work for HoJbrook, Merrill &,
Stetson as clerk, under the instruction or
Grove Ayers. He remained with the farm
until two years ago, when he became
manager of the Yosemite Valley Railway
Company.
la this capacity he made friends every
where and business men recognized him
as a man of sound judgment. He w_s a
leading member <",f tlie Pacific-Union
Club, tne Olympic Club, the Pacific Yacht
Club and other like organizations, in all of
which he was liigUly respected. He ap-
peared to be hopeful at all times, and his
friends will not believe he ended his life.
At the office of the Yoseroite Valley
Railway Company none of Mr. Stetson's
former associates would believe he had
killed himself intentionally. Theodore
Reiohert of the company said:
"Mr. Stetson was about the office all day
yesterday, attending to business as usual.
He made several appointments to meet
people in the future and acted as if he had
no intention of ending his life."
The theory of accident Rains corrobora
on from the fact that Stetson removed
the cartridges from bis revolver at the
Orpheum to calm Miss Head's nervous
ness. It is not thought probable that he
would purposely have left & cartridge ir.
one chamber of the weapon, and that he
thought the revolver was without a load
when he pulled the trieger that cost, him
his life.
Dr. J. F. Morse, tb.9 physician of Albert
Stetson, did not reach the room at 235 Post
street until the young man had breathed
his last. In an interview last evening Dr.
Morse said he had been treating Mr. Stet
son for a disease of the liver. It was a
fact, he said, that this ailment, commonly
known as hardening of the liver, frequent
ly produced in the sufferer profound spells
of melancholia.
Dr. Morse was of the opinion that the
paiient in a fit of gloom and despondency,
in which his mind vras temporarily un
balanced, committed the rash act. Thi.s
theory is confirmed in a degree by the cir
cumstances that the young man went
home to the family residence on Van Ness
avenue Thursday afternoon at an hour
unusual for him. His sister. Mrs. Chann
cey Winslow, happened to come over from
San Rafael, and seeing her brother there,
remarked that it was unusual for him to
be home at that hour.
He replied that he was sick. She asked
some questions concerning the sickness,
and he replied that it was some old trou
ble with his liver. She insisted that he
should see the family physician without
delay.
The members of the Stetson family who
were summeiing at San Rafael came to
the family residence in the City yesterday.
J. B. Stetson, the father, was in the region
of Lake Tnhoe yesterday morning. He
was advised by telegraph of the sudden
death of his son, and will arrive in San
Francisco to-day.
L. Sisenvine, who keeps the Palace Hotel
cijrar-stand, recalls the incident that
Albert Stetson called at his place at 11
o'clock Thursday night and chatted
pleasantly for a few minutes. Mr. Stetson
was not then under the influence of
liquor, and did not seem to be disturbed
by any trouble.
A friend who was quite well acquainted
with Albert Stetson does not accept the
theory of suicide as correct. He in;lines
strongly to the belief that Mr. Stetson was
playing with what he supposed to be an
unloaded revolver, in which a single cart
ridge remained*
ENTHUSIASM NOT THERE
Democratic Ratification Meeting In
Hayes Valley That Fell Flat While
the Bund Played On.
A meeting of the Democrats of the Fifth
Congressional District was held last night
at Mowry's Hall to ratify the nomination
of Bryan and Sewall. A bonfire was
lighted at tbe corner of Hayes and La
! guna streets, and a brass band dispensed a
! long list of tunes on the corner until 8:30.
At that hour it was found expedient to
call the meeting to order, but the hall was
not over half full.
James C. Nealon presided and spoke
concerning capital, corporate power,
monopolies, wealth and bankers, and was
followed by Patrick Spelling, who talked
of slavery, tne money power and* "asso
ciated villainies"
Frank J. Mumsky assurfid bis hearers
that a battle is now on between the labor
and capital of the country. Colonel
O'Byrne and others also spoke, mention
ing favorably the candidacy of Joseph P.
| Kelly for Congress. Tne meeting was not
[ large, and the enthusiasm was decidedly
| at a low ebb whenever the financial ques
tion was mentioned, that issue, as pre
sented, eleciting little applause.
• — ♦ — •
The Cause of Populism.
One of the ablest articles yet written on
j "Tho Cause of Populism" appears in this
i week's News Letter, and should not be
! missed by any one interested in political
! affairs to-day. In it the writer shows that
j as the moneyed class has sought to obtain
a hold upon the Government for its own
ends, so the proletariat is merely seeking
to attain the sarre object for its own ends.
This the writer deplores, and proves that
every man should be self-supporting and
that the true function of government is
merely to protect him !tt his endeavors
I and to further everybody's interest in a
way beneficial to all.
— / — — « — ♦ — •
Suit Against the City.
[ D. S. Weaver has petitioned the Superior
.., - .... .... NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS.'
I At "THeMAWTomr \
% Art/MM/YS£'S/)L£ofl/IM£SM7 \
% ft* JYA/fff 7M97 SO£o fM mtf \
| T/AffS r/Z/17; COA/S 'SA/Ut I
I SOW?S*APA/fi. : I
I AM/r^cm^ssr&cA' of * I
I 8&*-/o''/J?£'Ams'AYAm 111
I A SAlf Of 0/AC/C O£ TAX I
I HOS/S/Z7 /S'A PA/X. I
I SO'MGT&ff Vf//S2sffm I
i /2%fyK4S///2&e/&foAS*7Afia 1
I TtfrmAc/rMfss GoopsAM I
I $/£/(SAl£7y/£/im^SAtf 1
I stWArmffie/cE 1
1 1 £AsroAyof? !^&£ram'' 1
!l CMAfJAVSWrSA/fATSt* %
'\otf Mf//& wmv/fSA/fCosr. 5
1 CMOA?fA y SS/A'CJr//OSfS/9tf ?
% 2ft 'mem fo/e /£%* >. %
I 00rr/f//oyr£CMofflf £** §
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
Court for a Avrit of mandate to compel the
Board of Sup?rvisors to pay him !?108 costs of
a suit In which he oDteined judgment against
tiie City and County.
NUEVO POTRERO CLUB.
Removal of the Pesthoute and Pro-
tectloa From Flr*» Are
. Urged.
An interesting meeting of the Nunvo l
Potrero Improvement Club was held last
evening. A. A. Schumann was chairman
and James Smith secretary.
fl. Antonson reported for the committee
on extending the Howard-street line into
the district, thot it had received a favorable
report from the railroad company. The
j terminus of the road is now Potrero avenue,
I and the residents of Nuevo Potrero dis
j trict desire the road extended to Rhode
1 Island street, a distance of about five
blocks.
Chairman Schumann reported for the
executive committee that a meetinc hud
been held Thursday evening and it. had
j been decided to petition the Board of Su- •
perv'sors to provide an engine and hose- '
wagon for ihe district.
H. Antonson syoke feeiinply of the dis- |
graceful quarters in which the lepers are j
at present housed. "Why <:o they not j
commence their charity at home?' 1 he j
Asked. "Why do they send to Sandwich \
Islands for remedies and leave their pa- j
NEW TO-DAT. ~
BEST BAKING WIDER JADE
M 1' '■ '^ ; MRMI?" ■ — 1 P
•naa __— m _H_ __rQnr > __>___ _____ *-
mwt ACi^ ■& ULj^^ jßm fjfHIiPT'Q ■«■__•
El •ii J f l^
o mm Bfi_2_
_____ i~4ffl__b-_-jP' s^ Jf ~s 21_rim!f!-tS!-al^4B-Bl ■ —
FIFTY YEARS THE STANDARD.
qEO. A. FISHER, Ageac. 109 St., & fiL
tients to suffer from the inclemency of the
weather In r. house unfit for a kennel?"
Jan:es Guthrie and James Smith spoke
in the same strain.
L. J. Dwyer moved that it be the sense of
the club that the Board of Health be noti
fied that the Pesthouse should bo removed,
and the iioard of Health should keep its
word and see that it i« removed. The
motion carried unanimously.
A motion prevailed to have the club
petition the Board of Supervisors to appor
tion a fund for the erection and mainte
nance of a primary fchool in the district.
The fol lowing named w«re elected om
ccrs for the »nsuin,r term: President, John
Bardeelin; first vice-president, John Kerr;
second vice-president, Charles Jurman;
secretary, A. A. Schumann; financial sec
retary and treasurer, George Guthrie;
sergeant-at-nrms, Wil mm Siebert.
♦— ♦ — • -
Grand T«Miii'« i :-:i::oe llally.
Tup children of the P>ands of Hope of Dis
trict No. 5, I. O. G. T., wlllhftve a temperance
rally under the !<lireo:iou of ' Mr*. Surah W.
Korrißai:, district »iupcrinteiidonte£ juvenile
work, at tho Free Bsptls! Church oil f vvonty
first street, between Shu Pablo avenue and Brush
street, Oaktaud. Sunday , July 2«, »l 3 o'clock.
An excel programme has been prepared
and the new district prize banner is to be pre
sented to the band doing the best work in I he
lust quarter. Good speakers will address the
: meeting. _ , _
The barbers of India are so deft and
licnt of touch that, they can sjiave a man
; without awakening him.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT,
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The wheelmen will show their strength
and colors this evening in the street
parade. To-morrow several of the clubs
will journey into the country, where the
opportunities for a good sun bath are
many.
Sportsmen and anglers are having first
clasß outings in the country, as may be
seen by a reference to the gun and rod de
partments.
Boxing clubs are still looking for good
fistic talent. The Olympic Club will give
an exhibition in its gymnasium on Friday
evening next and the Occidental and St.
George clubs are now planning for enter
tainments in the latter part of August.
The rifle-shooters will be represented in
strong force to-mcrrrow at Shell Mound
Park, where several interesting contests
will be held.
THE WHEELMEN.
The Parade of the Cyclers To-
Night Will Be a Big Affair.
CXUB EVENTS TO-MORROW:
Alameda Cyclers— Run to Mill Valley.
Garden City Cyclers— Run to Lake
Chabot.
Falcon (Xadles*) Cycling Club— Run to
Alviso.
Golden Gate Cycling Club— Road race
to San Leaodro.
Imperial tfyclitkg: Club— Run to Sutro'«.
Reliance Club Wheelmen — Run to
Lake Chabot.
San Francisco Road Clnb — Run to San
Ijramlro and Lake Chabot.
The parade of organized and unat
tached wheelmen which will take place in
this City to-night will probably have ln
line more cycling enthusiasts than have
ever turned out in a demonstration of the
kind here before. The movement has
been entered into with a hearty spirit by
all tbe local clubs, and each club, besides
turning out its full complement of mem
bers, will have bands of music, floats and
other interesting features which will tend
to impress the turnout upon tbe minds of
the spectators; and the wheelmen hope
by this means to eventually gain the two
ends which they now seek — the repaying
of Market street and the electric-lighting
of the park.
Full particulars of the parade, as to the
line of march, divisions and the leading
features, were given in The Call yester
day. In the clubs visiting committees
have been appointed to see every member
personally and to urge upon him the im
portance of joining in the ride or march,
as the case may be. What with the bands,
tiroworks, bonfires, and speech-making at
the end, there will be enough of interest
to suit all, and the offering of prizes for
the club having the most men in line, for
tbe best decorated wheels, etc., will be
strong incentives for all club men to turn
out and to have their wheels beribboned
aud decorated as tastily as possible.
To-morrow there are numerous club
runs scheduled, as will be noted by the
above list, and the wheelmen will take a
rest in the country 'after the trials of their
nrst big parade in this City.
What would tbe wheelmen of this coun
try say if they had to do as the Rou
manian? do? There every cyclist is com
pelled by law to have his name and ad
dress on a plate fastened to his machine,
and also on the glass in his lamp, so that
it can be read at night.
Some people are of the opinion that the
League oi American Wheelmen may be
called upon to try to suppress road racing.
Prominent L. A. W. officials talked with
recently say that as the organization does
not recognize this branch of the sport it
might be considered unbecoming lor the
league to take any recognition of the
matter. Tben, again, the chances are
that sooner or later local authorities will
put a stop to the practice. There is con
siderable feeling that way now.
The scarcity of high-class tubing which
developed during the early part of the
manufacturing year caused many bicycle
makers of limited capacity to buy when
and where they could; and in their haste
to have their factory products ready for
the opening of the riding season, it is to
be feared that a great deal of tubing of in
ferior grade has been used in so-called
"high-class bicycles." These defects are
not usually revealed on short notice, how
ever, and tbe only safe way to avoid them
is to purchase a wheel the quality of which
is known to be tbe very highest. When a
manufacturing house diaws its own steel
tubing, and builds its bicycies throughout
from material of its own make, it is but
the exercise of common-sense that
prompts the investor to purchase such a
wheel above all others.
Inferior tubing in a bicycle is one of the
worst faults of construction. No matter
how fine the enamel which may cover it
and the superior gloss it possesses, the in
herent weakness of the frame presents an
element of danger, aud the manufacturer
who uses poor tubing is criminally negli
gent. The worst phase of all is the policy
of deception which floods the market with
bicycles of inferior make under the guise
of "high-class machines." Owing to the
difficulty of securing high-grade tubing
this season, buyers ot wheels cannot ex
ercise too much care, and should not
hastily choose from the large number of
new makes because their wheels look well
on the surface. It is far better to pay a
little more for a standard wheel and get
the worth of your money.
An announcer shall not name tbe
bicycle an amateur rides, in connection
with his victory. This is the latest from
Chairman Gideon of tbe National racing
board. An announcer at a recent tourna
ment in which Mr. Gideon appeared as
referee announced that a certain race had
been won on such and such a wheel. It
was an amateur event, and a cold chill
crept up the spinal column of the august
chairman. He very nicely told the young
man that it tended to create an impression
that the amateur was not living up to the
regulations of his class, and instructed
the announcer not to repeat the offense.
Clarence N. RavJinof the Olympic Clnb
Wheelmen is now the emtor of The
Olympic, a local semi-monthly wheeling
publication.
The popularity of race meets this year
has been an emphatic surprise to many
people. It was generally thought that
when Class B was abolished the
masses would lose all interest in the rac
ing question. Just the reverse has been
the case. The professional races this year
have been well ami honestly contested,
and the ever watchful L. A. *W. officials
will keep it that way. There is no reason
why cycle racing should not have just as
much of a public following as baseball
and horse racing. Nearly every State will
have its racing circuit in 1897.
Among the many outdoor recreations to
be considered there is nothing so enjoyabla
or exhilarating as a few hours' ride orr
that faithful and ever ready steed, the
bicycle. Cycling has become a necessity
to all classes of society. The professional
mac, as his calling demands, can combine
business with pleasure and by the physi
cal exercise of cycling and being in the
fresh air can create for himself new energy
for the continuance of his mental activ
ities, and by this gentle action of the body
keep its organs and functions ma healthy
state. The mechanic may ride quickly ib
work, prepared to go through the ordeal
of the day, and return with equal rapidity
to his home, refreshed and contented.
What a source of delight and comfort im
possible to replace is the bicycle to the re
porter, collector, tradesman, mail-carrier,
clergyman, district messenger, physician,
henool boy and girl and all the inhabitants
of suburban districts, who are enabled to
reach and accomplish! that which would
otherwise seem almost impossible. The
bicycle has won the distinction of being a
benefit to mankind in all stages and phases
of life. It enlarges the horizon of one's
existence, and if properly used is far more
conducive to good health tnan medical
treatment.
Amon; the list of applications for mem
bership in the League of American Wheel
men last week in "the New York division
were Charles D. Lewis, better known by
his pen name, M. Quad, and John Jacob
Astor.
Captain Sero will lead the Falcon (ladies')
Cycling Club on a rlub run to Alviso next
Sunday, the return from there to be made
by boat. -
Robert M. Welch, jnember of the Na
tional racing board in tbis City, has issued
the following interesting weekly bulletin:
Bulletin No. 19. July 24, 1896.
Sanctions granted— July 24, OgOeo Wheel
Club, Ogden, Utah; July 25, George U. Piper,
Portland, Oregon; September 9, Garden City
Cyclers, San Jose, Cal.
Transferred to professional class— Peter D.
Metcalf, San Francisco, own request; John
Larson, Portland, Or., clause A.
Suspended pending investigation— C. M.
Smith, Gail Hardenbrook, F. Linn, W. Holli
day, L. Folsom and C. Hellar of San Jose;
Frank T. Gunther, Lakeview, Or.; Alfred
Smith, Medford, Or.; — Birdnau, Torn Robin
son. Walter Palmer, Robert Palmer and Dave
Brichaux of Baker City, Or.
Suspended until August 14, 1896, for com
peting in unsanctioned races on ,lulyl4— At
Seattle, Wash., Fred Schone and Nils E. Moo.
Suspended until September 1, 1896, for com
peting in unsanctioned races on July 4— At
Albany, Or., Joseph Sternberg and Walter
Biddle; Heppner, Or., Frank Natter and
Frank Borg; Cottage Grove, Or., Archie Piper;
Grants Pass, Or.. E. E. Redfield and Herbert
McCarthy. On July 16— At Chautauqua, near
Oregon City, Or., Joseph Goodfellow.
Riders are warned that accepting orders for
merchandise will be considered by the board
as the equivalent of cash prize, and will lead
to transfer to the professional class under
clause Aof the amateur rule. Prizes in ama
teur events must be definitely stated, and
nothing must be taken in lieu of the article
won. R. M. Welch.
Member National Racing Board.
There are probably six men to-day who
have auy reason to" believe that they will
Sol Peiser, Vice- President San I-rancisc
Road Club.
stand a show for the professional cham
pionship of America, to be contested at
Springfield in September. They are Bald,
Cooper, Sanger, Ziegler, Tom Butler and
Gardiner. Some think I should include
Ray Macdonald and John S. Johnson in
this list, but the former has not ridden
since he returned from Paris, so we have
no line on his form, and Johnson is now
in England and may not get here in time.
In this connection, I have just received a
long letter from R. P. Aylward, the trainer
of Otto Ziegler Jr., the California cham
pion now on the National racing circuit.
Aylward tells of their travels, the condi
tion of the men, ana altogether indites
such an interesting epistle, I give it here
in its entirety:
Chicago, July 13, 1896.
Mr. H. W. Spalding, Cycling Editor of "The
Call," San Francisco: Your letter of the 23d
ult. reacned me at Appleton, after having
chased around for several days.
In my last letter to you from San Antonio I
believe the intense heat of that place was
mentioned. We.l, it was hot there, but I will
tell you later on where it was still hotter. Re
garding the races €i San Anton io — of course
every racing mau Is anxious to win his first
race on the National Circuit— Ziegler made a
very game attempt in the mile open, and al
though he did not win he pushed Gardiner
very hard. The Jive-mile open, which Otto
won, was declared off, the referee claiming
there was team work practiced. There was no
team work done and none of the other riders
claimed so, but the referee, who, by the way,
admitted he had never seen auy racing before,
declared it off. We entered a protest against
his decision and I feel sure that the racing
board will allow this race.
The circuit chase re visited every place of im
portance in town ar»d surrounding country,
and a very lively api>earance did they make.
The boys from the coast were dressed in the
r<--nl Mexican costume. Large sombreros and
the oid-style trimmings worn by the inhabi
tants in years past, while our team whs logged
out in new sweaters of blue with white trim
mings and the team cap.
The old "Alamo," an historical building
made up of rock and adobe, with walls four
feet in thickness, was one of the most interest
ing points of attraction. It was in this that
Davy Crockett with 170 of his soldiers met
their death at the hands of the Mexicans. The
building is well preserved to-day, part of it be
ing used for business purposes and part as a
relic of the Mexican War.
Next came Laredo, a city with a population
of about 11,000, of which about 1500 are Eng
lish-speaking people. Here we felt the heat
most intense. The bp.tel was very poor, and
we were hustled in, four in a very small room.
Good food is a scarcity, and what we did get
we paid well for. At night the boys instead of
sleeping in the rooms would take mattress and
sheet, go out on the porch and make them
selves as comfortable as possible in the open
air. As foi myself there was no comfort, for
where it was cooler the mosquitos were ho
numerous that one had to keep moving nil the
whiie or be eaten up, and somehuw they had a
great liking for my blood. Again, during the
day, it would get so hot that we could not
move without being almost burnt up.
The track, so-called — a quarter mile — was
very poor— banked about four feet. The earth
making tbe banking on the turns was dug up
■from the outer circle of the track, leaving a
very dangerous cut or ditch all around the
turns. The surface was fast, howi'ver, and
that with the exceedingly warm climate ac
counts for the good lime made in the races.
Otto started iv one event— the mileooen—
but 1 called him off, as lie was very poorly
placed, being at the tail end of the string, with
no possible chance of getting up, us the riders
kept switching all over the track. lie was
called out to do an exhibition quarter, and
made h very good ride, doing tbe distance,
with a flying start, in 28 2-5 seconds.
BobTerriU put Dp a very good race in the
mile open, and ran Gardiner a close second.
Clifford Coulter describes the heat of Laredo
in a most emphatic way. We were all installed
in tents for training quarters, and the sun
beating through the canvas top seemed to In
crease it aDout tenfold. Clifford had stood his
brother's wheel outside while he was arrang
ing the tent inside and sprinkling the suriace
to keep down the dust. It was only for a few
minutes, but when finished with this he went
for the wheels, aud found that the grips on the
nandle-burs were loose a;id tlie cement boiling
out irom between the rim and lire. This is a
fact, for all of us had about the same experi
ence.
At evening all hands went across the river
into Mexico, where many of tbe boys pur
chased trinkets of some kind. The smokers
of the party took advantage of the opportunity
and laid in a supply of good cigars. They were
bought very reasonable nnd no duty to pay
Glad we were to leave Laredo and back a^ain
to San Antonio, where we had a good bath
Then for Galveuton.
Here everything was more pleasant, al
though it was still hot. We put up at the
Beaca Hotel, wnich fronts on the gulf, and
occasionally a cool breeze sprung up. I need
not mention the results of the races, as your
readers are already posted on them.
We enjoyed an hour or so in the surf at this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
place each day. Many of the boys were badly
sunburnt, but they did not mind this, as it
was such a pleasure to cool the body in the
waters of the gulf. After four days here, we
were off for New Orleans.
The track there is an elegant quarter-mile
cement surface, and very fast, it being well
banked. In shape it resembles the old five-lap
at Central Park, San Francisco. We were cor
dially received and entertained at this place,
and the circuit chasers pronounce New Orleans
a first-rate city. Tne Hotel St. Charles is one
of the best in the country, and its manage
ment aid everything to make it pleasant for
all. The races were well attended and the
crowd was a very enthusiastic one.
Leaving New Orleans we next made our ap
pearance at Little Rock. Here we rau into a
democratic convention. All tho hotels were
filled, and an interesting task it was for mana
gers to find quarters for us. The races were
very good, and the attendance a large and
appreciative one. The track was a quarter
mile dirt, and the finish was about three-quar
ters on the turn; the having peen
built for baseball purposes, came on one of tne
corners, so this made the finish in a peculiar
place.
One ugly feature of this traci was a pipe for
sprinkling purposes raised about three inches
from the surface aud extending clear around
the track. It made it mean for the riders, as
they had to ride out about four Icet, so that
they would run no chances of hitting it.
Then came Hot Springs. The track there is
a very poor quarter-mile, and has baen dubbed
by tne boys as the "slaughter-house." Bob
Terrill, McFarland aud several of the boyi took
tumbles on this track. The attendance was
all that could be expected at this season of the
year for a pleasure and health resort.
We are now coming to a cooler climate—
Kansas City. Upon our arrival it was raining
very lightly, and the clear, invigorating air
ieemed to nut new life into us. Here again
were the N. C. races well attended, and good
racing was DUt up by both classes. The track
1c situated several miles from the city, in the
center of a large park. The accommodations
for racing men were lar better there than any
place ou the circuit up to date.
Arriving at Peoria, we were driven to the
Hotel Fey, where we again ran up against a
political convention, and for two days we
were quartered from four to six in a room.
Peoria is certainly an excellent wheel town,
and the popularity of bicycle-racing was well
demonstrated by the attendance for the three
days. Here we were met by Cooper and San
ger, both of whom were in excellent shape.
They didn't do a thing to us. But what else
could be expected after our having passed
through such a countiy as Texas? We were
weather-beaten and they were fresh. They
might have done it anj now, but I am sure we
could have done better.
Oalesburg is a beautiful little city with beau
tiful young ladies and everything beautiful.
we skipped Davenport and to Chicago for the
3d and 4th. At 11 :1O p. m. we were called on
the track for the first mcc and at 3 o'clock p. it
the bicycle races were over to make way for
the horse races. All were very mucu disgusted
with the manner of running bicycle and horse
races on the same track and on the same after
noon. Chicago is no place for a racing man, as
he is on his feet too much of his spare time, so
we left for Appleton as soon as possible.
Here the hotel people piled it on good and
plenty ; overcharged us for everything. A good
attendance each ot the two days and an appre
ciative one. Bald made his debut for the «ea
iou and captured all of the open events. Eddie
is now riding as strong as ever and it wi 11 cer
tainiy be an interesting race when he and
Cooper meet, and I nick Eddie for the winner.
Leaving Appleton Thursday night we arrived
in Chicago on Friday morning and raced at the
Thirty-rifth-street three-lap dirt track that
afternoon. Bald won the two-mile open,
Loughead pushing him hard, wuh danger
ttirii. Ziegler did not compete iv the second
day's racing, as he is laid up ln bed.
None of the riders who were on the southern
circuit are riding a little bit. The heat seems
to have knocked them out completely. Gar
diner goes directly to Louisville to recuperate.
Otto will follow the circuit through and re
cover as best he can. He has shown some im
provement and in a short time will be hiasclf
again.
We leave this afternoon for Battle Creek.
Here Bald and Cooper and Sanger will meet
again. lam not going to run Otto, prelerring
to rest him for a day or so.
You ask in your letter it I get The Call O. K.
1 do, but if you were to mail it ahead on the
circuit it would catch me much sooner. It is
a pleasure indeed to receive news from the
coast, and I appreciate your sending The Call
very much.
Am indeed glad to learn that Ravlin is again
at his old post. I met Percy Long in the
grand stand at the races here Friday. Also
met Mr. Bailey, formerly a reporter on tome
paper at Napa, Cal., during the time we were
going for records there.
Almost every place we race there is some
enthusiastic Callfornian in the grand stand,
and you may well guess ye know a true
N. S. G. W.
'Tis late, so I'll bid you good-night. Sin
cerely, K. P. Aylwakd.
Note— The latter part of this letter was |
finished abKalamazoo, Mich., so you must not !
wonder at the envelope and letter-head
coming from two different hotels. We have
not seen the town yet, but have been told it is
all right. Dick.
There will be a member's meeting of the !
Olympic Club Wheelmen next Tuesday
evening. The wheelmen will turn out
strong in the parade to-night, and all
members are reque-ted to assemble at the
ctub not later than 7:15 o'clock sharp.
The Imperial Cycling Cluo will turn out
over two hundred members in the parade
to-night. All are requested to meet at tbe
club, 614 Van Ness avenue, at 7:15 o'clock,
and to bring as many friends, if mounted
on wheels, as they please. Each member I
is expected todecorate his wheel with pur- !
pie and white ribbons, and to carry a Chi- I
nese parasol, which can be secured at the i
clubiooms to-night. There will be a whist
party at the club next Wednesday night,
and a run to-morrow to Sutro's.
Sol I'eiser, vice-president of the San
Francisco Road Club, is one of the most
popular wheelmen in the City to-day, and
the high position which the club has at
tained in local wheeling circles is largely
due to bis efforts. Mr. Peiser has long
been the press representative of the club,
and always keeps the papers well supplied
with the news of his club, which has been
of considerable good to the club and a
help to the reporters. The San Francisco
Road Club is to-day one of the largest and
strongest wheeling organizations in San
Francisco, occupying a large clubhouse at
503 Golden Gate avenue, and on the occa
sion of tueir next election it would not be
amiss to honor Mr. Peiser with a still
higher office than that he now holds, for
the trust would be well placed, and it
would only be a fa»r recognition of his past
services.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club will turn
out forty men in the paraae to-night. To
morrow there is to be a live-mile road race
of the members across the bay, for which
there are nineteen entries. Captain
Black has called a run of the other mem
bers to witness the event.
Captain Pryor has called a run of the
Pacific Cycling Club for Willows Camp,
via Boiinas, for to-morrow, starting on
the 8 a. m. Sausalito boat. Spaloing.
AMATEUR ATHLETICS.
Captain Leonard Gill's Letter— The
Olympic Club's Football
Team.
The football enthusiasts of the Olympic
Club have commenced to be heard. They
contend that tbe coming season will far
surpass any winter of the past— that is, as
far as a boom in the great collegiate game
is concerned.
Taylor, the champion heavy-weight
kicker of the club, is determined that the
Olympic football team ol '97 will not sus
tain a defeat during the next season's
series of games.
"1 propose to commence early," said
Taylor. '*by selecting the very best avail
able talent, and you can rest assured that
the boys will be full of ginger and snap
when the time arrives for practice."
It is rumored at club headquarters that
the officers of the Olympic uave realized
that football is one of the treat winter
sporting features, and an erfort will be
made to induce some of tbe ex-collegiate
football players to become members of the
club. Among those who are now engaged
in business in this City and who dis
tinguished themselves on the gridiron, are :
J. Frankenheimer, Billy Harreison and
the Reynold brothers of Stanford, and
Robert Porter, Pete Smith, F. Kington
and H. Plunkett of Berkeley. It can be
therefore seen that the Olympic Club can
easily procure a very strong aggregation
of players if it will but take sufficient in
terest in the game by offering induce
ments to good men to join the club. An
early start generally ends in a successful
finish.
The club will hold its annual election in
September, and strong pressure will be
brought upon the present vice-president
of the club, Mr. Newhall, to accept the
nomination for president.
The following letter from Leonard GilJ,
the captain of the Olympic Club oatdoor
athletes, is seif-explanatorv:
The Wasp in a recent issue styled tbe track
and field team of the Olympic Club a very or
dinary lot, with the exception of Edgren, ana
it goes on to say that the quality of the Olym
pic track athletes has been steadily deterior
ating for several years. . • • ; "
I certainly take exception to the remark that
the men were "a . very ordinary lot," and in
plain words the Wasp sporting writer is away
off on such matters. We will admit that lam
a "very ordinary athlete," but not bo with the
rest of the team.
There are three men besides Edgren on that
team that are the best in their respective
classes that this immediate vicinity has ever
produced. \ -j.
The Olympic Club never, in its history, had
a man the equal of Dave Brown as a mile run
ner; in fact, this coast has never developed but
one better one, and that was Brown's con
queror, Tallant, the man he met in the sorth.
Brown's record for the mile, 4:36. is four sec
onds and four-fifths better than . anything the
Olympic ever had before or any other club here
has developed.
The club never in its athletic history has
had as good a high jumper by about seven
inches as it has to-day, nor has this vicinity
ever developed such a jumper as Patterson.
His actual jump of 6 feet 2 inches is the coast
record, shared with Kerrigan, ?■ the nothern
wonder, and it stands out as a wonderful per
formance. John Brunton, another member of
the team, proved himself at the intercollegiate
championships this spring the best all-round
man who eve* competed on California soil. In
one afternoon he ran two heats of a 100-yard
dash, winning one heat in 10 l i seconds ana
running second to his team-mate in the final.
He also competed in two heats of a 220-yard
dash, running second to his team-mate in the
"»»}• He won the 440-yard dash ana also won
the broad jump, competing against the flower
°. £ Ber^ ley and Stanford, and yet the Wasp
styles him an ordinary performer.
F. K. Butz, although not the equal of the
above-named men as far a* championship form
is considered, has always proved himself a
goon performer, running second out of four
starters in the 100-yard dash at Portland and
having a record of 20 feet 714 inches in the
broad jump.
*u J would like to refer the sporting oracle of
the Wasp to the track captains of Berkeley and
Stanford and also to John Elliott, the ac
knowledged authority on all such matters, for
athletic information which will prove correct.
Leonard Gill.
~ The ■ following letter from Bob Gibson,
one of the old athletes of the Olympic
Club, to George Jones, who is also on the
retired list of old-time Olympic athletes,
will be found quite interesting:
■ ■ Astoria. Or.. June 30, 1896.
Dear George: Have you not a better set of
athletes in California than those who com
peted here (in Portland) last Saturday?
KeaHy, in the Jays when you and I were exer
cising there were a few men who were some
what faster at all distances except the half and
mile. All Astorians who were present during
the competitions are unanimous in saying
that while the Frisco boys were inferior as
athletes they were awty above the Portland
men in everything that combines to make up
the gentleman amateur.
Our feilows— the members of the A. F. C—
were much chagrined at the treatment riven
the visitors by .some Portlanderp, and I'll
guarantee that if our little burg goes ahead,
as I am confident it must, the day is not far
distant when Astoria may welcome the Cali
fornia boys and show them that there is at
least one town in Oregon where the spirit of
true, gentlemanly sport pervades the ranks of
the athletes, and where successful or unsuc
cessful competitors will alike be accorded the
treatment that a visiting team of athletes has
every reason and right to expect at the hands
of their Hosts. We have much good material
here, and as soon as we set a track to train on
it will be developed. In, fact, I never saw a
more promising lot of young fellows than are
to be found in this city, and it is almost safe
to say that they will some day equal the per
formances of the older fellows who, a few years
ago, had no equals in the hose-team compe
titions. .. .
Just think of it! Out ,of less than 1000
American-born people there were nearly . a
dozen six-iooters who could go 150 in very
little more than 15 seconds. That is a record
tuat few low. is of any size could boast of. As
for Tallent if California can beat him the
salmon-canning industry of the Low. r Colum
bia (or its equivalent) can be won. iam sorry
Coffin did nut come up and make Tallent run
a bit faster in '.he half, liie fact that we liave
no place but the hills to train on here makes it
impossible for us to develop a man properly,
as there is no opportunity for using the run
ning shoes. Tallent, strange as it may seem,
only donned the shoes while training some
three or four time?, and then upon a hard
plank road.
Such conditions for training are not favor
able to the development- of speed, audin esti
mating our man's ability or possibilities one
must remember that if by rough work (walk
ing and jogging) over lulls with a pair of foot
ball shoes on he shows his ability to negotiate
a mile in 4:20, which he could have done the
other day had Brown been good enough to
push him, even the redoubtable little Irish
man, Conneff, will find in the A?torlan the
hardest nut he has ever attempted to crack.
Briefly, a match race between the two will
demonstrate that in Tallent we have the
greatest miler of the world. Brown need feel
no chagrin over his defeat, ■ there being but
one Tallent, and there are very few such
athletes as your gentlemanly little distance
man.
For such a big fellow, though, isn't Tallent
remarkable? Standing 6 feet 1, and weighing
ordinarily about 200 pounds, ue is "closely
coupled" at Kerrigan, the diminutive little
chap who lowered . Patterson's colors in the
high jump.. Massive and well-formed joints,
immense power about the loins, symmetrical
throughout, a splendid muscular development,
a constitution unimpaired by excesses and in
herited Irom a father and mother who never
knew bodily infirmity, and a heart whose ac
tion is seldom or ever duplicated, even among
crack athletes, combine to make nim what he
is, the strongest and biggest man who ever
successfully attempted to compete in distance
events.' Where can you find a miler whose
pulse, after he has covered a mile in 4:31; and
the last hundred in 11 seconds, .will register
but 78. He has yet, however* to learn much,
about the science of running.
At present his style is that ot a sprinter who
simply reduces his maximum speed in order to
enable him to keep up a more sustained effort,
his expenditure of force being greater, than
that of any other distance man 1 ever knew.
But to offset that expenditure he has a stock
on hand which so far has been easily equal to
all demands. upon it. In time, of course, he
will acquire the power to husband much power
that he now uses in a manner that is anything
but economical, and when that time comes he
will, if necessary, establish a mark for distance
men to aim at in generations to come. \
These may seem bold words, but the predic
tion will be justified in the future. -
Some ot the boys who are trying to account
for Brown's defeat may, perhaps, find the solu
tion of the problem in my explanation of
Tallent's powers, and if Tommy Conneff could
be induced to compete in the California cham
pionship events this tall I shall endeavor to De
present and witness the fulfillment of my pre
diction.
With best wishes believe me, sincerely,
Robert Gibson.
*
THE ANGLER.
4-00-Pound Jewfish Caught In the
Vicinity of Catalina.
The anglers who are rusticating in the
mountains are, from all accounts, enjoy
ing excellent sport.
According to a letter from Boca the
Truckee River is yet too high for good fly
fishing, but, as previously stated in The
Call, this grand trout stream will be in
splendid trim for a good whipping about
the middle of August.
The tront of the San Andreas Lake
have arrived at the very wise conclusion
that the spoon bait is a fraud of the worst
kind, and now the largest catches are
made by anglers who use shrimp and
worms.
Tne San Francisco Rod and Gun Club
will hold its next banquet at 111 O'Farrell
street on Wednesday evening, the 29th
inst. Anglers who are enjoying good fish
ing in tbe country have promised to ship
fish for this special occasion to the secre
tary.
Mr. Morgan of the El Bonita Hotel,
Duncan* Mills, writes that black bass
fishing is better now than at any time
since the season opened. Some large
striped bass have been caught recently,
and the prospects for good fishing in Au
gust are very good.
John McDonald of Boca gave his friends
a big surprise a few days a^o. John is
very conservative in some particulars and
being naturally bashful when approached
on t c question of matrimony he said not
a word, but stole away one beautilul night
from Boca and nothing was heard of him
until bis return with a most charming
young lady, whom ne introduced to his
many friends as his wife. Of course there
was rejoicing in the little burg and good
natured John received tbe warmest wishes
from friends innumerable for his future
welfare and success.
W. Bogart and H. Mansfield had good
success iast Sunday near the Geysers.
They fished the headwaters of big Sulphur
Creek, and returned on Monday morninjr
with well-filled baskets.
"Doc" Watt and J. Parriser returned
from Lake San Andreas last Sunday with
very few fish. They attributed their poor
luck to the fact thai the trout have taken
a dislike to the spoon and wiil accept only
a fly when properly placed on the water.
John Butler and Mr. Sullivan of Santa
Cruz had f airly good success last Thursday
in bottom-fishing.
Butler used shrimt) and worm. Dick
Brooks and Charles Eckles had very good
luck last Sunday with worms and shrimp.
Ed Ladd, Otto Wiseman and Ferris Hart
man failed to entice the "educated" steel
heads of San Andreas Lake on Tuesday
iast. Hartman sang several cute little
songs, but the little fishes turned a deaf
ear to Hartman 's musical entreaties for
their capture.
Alexander McCord is now an enthusi
astic angler. He recently purchased a
beautiful rod and angling outfit, which
means death to many fishes.
John Gallagher, the champion angler of
Oakland, returned last Monday from the
Big Meadows of Plumas County and de
parted again for the happy fishing grounds
on Wednesday. Mr. Gallagher is profuse
in his praises of the trout fishing, which
is now first-class in the streams of the Big
Meadows
A letter to the sporting editor from an
angler who is at present fishing for black
bass in the Russian River near Guerneville
states that men are now engaged in the
unlawful practice of seining the fishes and
shipping them to restanrant proprietors
of this City.
Bam uel Hendy astonished some of his
mends recently by shipping them some
very nic« messes of rainbow trout, which
were caught in the McCloud River, near
Sissons. Hendy is said to be a very ex
pert "spoon" fisherman.
Anglers who take an interest in deep-sea
fishing can judge from the following dis
patch the sport that awaits the disciples
of \V aiton near Avalon :
AVALON. Catalina. Island, July 22.—Ex
perienced fishermen unite in declaring that
not for seven years have the jewflsh been bit
lug so voraciously at Catnlina lsiand as this
season. Some phenomenal catches have been
recorded within the past two days. In the
past twenty-four hours no less than six enor
mous jewflsh have been brought in, two of
which ure record breakers. The largest of
these, weighing 405 pounds, was taken yester
day morning by Frank S. Daggett of Pasadena.
The other, which scaled at exactly 400 pounds
was taken by F. W. Matthiessen of Ventura
County, who Is a skilled sportsman, having
fished in the waters off the coast of Fioriaa,
where he once took an enormous sawfish
measuring over fourteen feet in length.
B. s>. Hubbnrd oi San Francisco, iv company
with J. W- A. Off, George W. Curtis and Gtorge
w. Beck of Los Angeles, is also making a record
in the immense catches of barracuda dally re
corded. These intrepid sportsmen have brought
in uo less than 228 barracuda within the past I
two days. Thousands of pounds of fish go to
waste every day here, being taken out to sea in
nshing boats aud dropped overboard. Efforts
will be made to utilize these fish by the Los 1
Angeles Associated Charities for the benefit o
the poor of Los Angeles.
The following letter from Mr. Finch, a
prominent member of the San Francisco
Rod and Gun Club, is self-explanatory:
Cisco, Cal., July 23.
Sporting Editor of The Call: I have just re
turned from a three days' camping trip to
American River from this place and had |
splendid success. The fishing on "a rim" is j
much the best 1 have ever had in this State, i
A. S. Carman and self have made the trip j
several times, but never with the success wei
had this time. We got 130 beautiful trout the !
first day, and kept uo small fish. Next day
Carman got eighiy-five and myself seventy
two. Our baskets were full.
Mr. Freemßn, who keeps this place, is pre- I
pared at all times to send anglers over to the |
river. Tne Yuba is just right now. Several- ;
pound Eastern trout have been taken from '
the stream within a few days. I expect to fish '
the Y«bH all day to-morrow. 1 went to ;
Florston, above Boca, for the night fishing, I
and got thirty-eight and next morning tour- i
teen, with a three-pound fish among the .
number. Water is still very high in the I
I Truckee, which stream will not afford good
! fishing for two week*. The Little Truc£ee is
al-o very high. Sage Hen Creek is very good
i this year.
It is ten miles from Boca. Colonel George
Edwards of the University of California and
son f-ave had very good sport ou Bass Like and
Fenner Lake, which are four miles from Cisco;
j he was fortunate enough to get nine bass on a
I fly. Reports are that thirteen bass have been I
I caught by mi-ans of fly-fishiug this year. lam |
going to have a try ior them before I leave. '
! A. S. Cnrman is one of our most enthusiastic i
j fishermeu and one of the most polished sports
men i have had the pleasure to be on the
stream witn. Arthur Gunn is having very
good sport, also having killed a deer.
Ifeasra. Brown, Holmes and Thompkins are '
on the American River now, having driven- j
from San Fraucisco to Carson, camping en
route. They will goon be on their way back.
THE GUN.
Inanimate Target Tournament at
Healdsburg— The Dser-Hunters.
Sportsmen are invited to attend a prac
tice shoot at clay birds this afternoon at
the Tourney grounds, Alameda Point.
To-morrow the Empire Club will shoot at
the Empire grounds and the Lincoln Club
will burn powder at its own grounds.
Considerable interest is taken by all
lovers of inanimate target shooting in the
100-bird race which will precede the team |
shoot. The entrance fee is $5 and the con
test is open to all sportsmen who may de
sire to enter. The team shoot between the
Olvmnic, Empire ami Lincoln gun clubs
will commence at Ip. m sharp. A fifteen
bird match will follow. A list of the
prizes can be had at E. T. Allen's gun
store.
On October 4 and 5 the Inanimate Target
Association will hold a series of shoots at
San Jose.
Tom Cleary and J. Drady with a party
of friends are camping on the banks of '
tbe Gualalla River aritt a recent letter from
Captain Cieary states that deer are plenti
ful, but hard to hit.
A. P. Wagner, a well-known sportsman
and a very successful deer-hunter, is at
present enjoying great sport in Mendocino
County. His friends expect to have the
pleasure of eating some well-seasoned deer
steaks on the sportsman's return to the
City.
Frank Rodgers of Nicasio is credited
with haguing three large deer in the hills
of Marin County since the season opened.
The friends of OttoFeudner, the popular
aud obliging salesman of E. T. Allen Co.,
will be pleased to learn that Otto has
joined the benedicts and is now the hap
piest man on earth.
On Saturday last the famous Indian
hunters, Jack Emery, Holland Zimmer,
Lloyd Eaton, Prank Hoffling, Charles
Dietz and "Jersey," the famous culinary
artiat ol the Mallard Club, left this City
for the happy hunting and fishing grounds
of Mendocino County. They will camp en
route and travel by easy stages to the
headwaters of the Eel River.
The Healdsburg Gun Club is making
very extensive preparations for a bluerock
tournament which will be beld on Sunday
next. The powder and cartridge compa
nies of this City have donated several
handsome prizes and the business houses
of Healdsburg have also promised liberal
support in the way of prize offerings. The
contests will be open to all comers, and
this fact alone should induce some of the !
crack shots of this City to try their skill j
against the sportsmen of the Healdsburg
Gun Club.
Captain Bartlett of the Reliance Club of
Oakland will be on the grounds and after
tne contests he will give an exhibition of I
fancy shocting, at which game he is won- j
derfully clever. A splendid day's sport is
guaranteed ail those who will attend.
Sportsmen who are figuring upon tramp
ing the hilis ot Lake and Mendocino in
search of deer should not neglect a good
pair of leggings, as rattlesnakes are very
numerous this season in the northern part
of Lake County.
Ned Bosqui met with a painful accident
last Saturday night at Sausalitb. He was
going down the steps from the hill and
slipped, breaking his right arm near the
shoulder. Thi* will in all probability
spoil Ned's annual deer hunt for this sea
son. «
CRICKET CHIRPS.
A Strong Combined Effort to Bring
About an Australian Match.
Now that the California Cricket Associa
tion and the St. George's Club have joined
j forces in the effort to bring about a match
j with tbe'Australian Eleven on their way
| home in October the chances in favor of
| tbe event are greatly increased. It would
be more than a pity if such an opportunity
to advance the interests of the game in
California should be lost, and it is earn
estly to be hoped that lovers of cricket
will assist in every possible way in con
summating the aesired fixture.
Captain Lawrence of the Multanoman
(Portland) team was prevented by sick
ness from playing in the match against
the "Midshipmites" last Sunday. Not
withstanding his absence, however, his
club was victorious. Score: 107— 50.
The M. A. A. C. have a lightning under
hand bowler, one Jonathan Brown, who is
astonishing Oregon batsmen.
The Haverford (Pa.) boys are meeting
with great success on their tour in Eng
land. On the 17th inst. they defeated
Repton by an inning and 95, Captain
Li3ter of the American team making 91
without an error, and Scattergood 51.
Scores: 281—121.
More double centuries have to be added
to tne abnormally long list of the English
season. Playing for Somerset against
Hampshire L. C. H. Paliret made 292 out
of a total of 519.
In their recent successful match against
the Players of England the Australians
made 454 in the first lining, Iredale, with
171 being the chief contributor.
The cup match for to-morrow is Ala
meda vs. Bohemians, at Alamedri. it Is
anybody's game, and should be wei! worth
witnessing. Umpire.
THE OARSMEN.
Prizes That Will Be Competed For
at the Stockton Regatta.
The Stockton regatta on September 9is
now an assured fact and $350 will be ap
propriated for prizes.
The Stockton Athletic Association is
working hard to make the affair » success,
but the members of the association are of
the opinion that the regatta committee
and the board of managers of the P. A. A.
are expecting more from the Stockton
Athletic Association than was ever before
demanded of any association where cham
pionship regattas have been held. The
conditions upon which President Hum
phreys promised to hold the champion
ship event at Stockton on September 9
are as follows :
"First, that the sum of $350 be donated
for prizes and that a check for that amount
be placed in his hands.
"Second, that the people of Stockton
make arrangements for the transportation
of the boats and oarsmen from here to
Stockton.
'Third, that the Stockton association
I can do as it pleases with tbe seats along
the river and charge as much as it likes,
provided that the members of the board of
managers and the press are provided with
seating accommodations."
At a meeting recently held at the rooms
of the Stockton Athletic Association the
secretary read the demands of the local
men, after which a great many present
were in favor of holding a bicycie meet
instead of a regatta; but the merchants
| "kicked" against this scheme, saying that
; a regatta could be witnessed by all free of
. charge and was more aesirabie than a
i bicycle meet. It was decided after much
i discussion to turn the $350 over to the re
gatta committee.
A communication from Chairman
Grunsky of the Admission day amuse
j ment committee to President Humphreys
I of the P. A. A. voices the sentiments of
; the committee as to what it will do toward
i bringing the boat crews and single-sculi
men from San Francisco on Admission
I day to take part in the regatta.
Latest accounts state that the committee
has reiused to pay transportation expenses
! of the local men, believing that the valu
able prizes should prove a tit incentive to
have the local men row at Stockton.
Henry Peterson has commenced train
ing for his match with Hanlan at the Vic
toria regatta.
Peterson is now training in Jhon T.
Sullivan's wherry. His shell, which was
! somewhat damaged on its passage from
I Texas last spring, is at tbe boatshop for re
pairs.
Following are the officers of the Alameda
j Boa-ing Club, as elected last meeting:
, President, J. A. Sansom ; vice-president,
j C. J. Lancaster; secretary, W. B. Hinch
man; treasurer, CW. Creigh; captain, W.
Scitumacher; lieutenant, Captain L. A.
Mervy; sergeant-at-arras, J. Hartmann ;
executive committee — Schumacher, E. B.
Hadcock and J. A. Sansom: delegates to
P. A. A. — S.J.Pembroke, J. A. Sansom
and C. W. Creigh.
Avers and Dr. Dennis will settle their
skiff race on the Alameda Creek in about
a week.
RIFLE AND PISTOL.
A Lively Day's Sport at Shell
Mound Expected To-Morrow.
There will be a large gathering of rifle
men at tbe Shell Mound shooting range
to-morrow. The San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein ana the Germania Schuetzeri Club
will hold their regular bullseye contests.
The Nord Deutscher Scbuetzen Club will
hold its monthly class medal shoot. The
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's semi
monthly shoot for medals and special cash
prizes and trophies will also take place.
Many of the members will be provided
with tbeir revolvers for the special revol
ver contest and the Carr pocket-revolver
match.
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifles
will hold their monthly medal shoot
ing and the military companies — J, X, F
and M — will hold their monthly class
shooting.
A special rifle match that promises to
be very interesting has been arranged to
take place on the Shell Mound range on
Saturday, Augu«t 8 Ten men from Com
pany A of the Fifth Infantry will meet a
like number of tbe crack ritte shots of the
Oakland police force for honors and a
trophy; distance 200 yards. The military
men will use their United States Spring
fields, six- pound pnll of trigger; the police
will shoot with their 44-40 Winchester
magazine rifles, three-pound triggers.
The annual State shoot of the First In
fantry, N. G. C., began yesterday at Shell
Mound and will be concluded to-day. It
is believed that the percentage will be
ahead of last year's.
At the Scnuetzen Park ranee to-d ay the
regular contest for the Schueman diamond
medal will be resumed to-day. The highest
seven scores of the season takes this valu
able prize. M. J. White.
COURSING.
The Following Dogs Will Run
To-morrow at Inglesldo
Courslnar Park.
Old dog stakes— J. Greely's Spring vs. Villa
kennel's Maid G, Portall & Haggerty's Laurel
Leaf vs.T. Butler's Susie, P. Ryan's Molly Bawn
vs. W. Creamer's Captain Jim, C. Ryan's Sar
castic vs. North Beach kennel* Z:mky Jack
C. Ryan's Royal Stag vs. J. H. Kosseter's Ala- '
meda, Cronin & McDonald's BeM Trump vs '
W. Kelly's Evening Star, D. Tweedy* Dublin
BtovtVß. R. Dixon's Highland LassieU". Evans' I
Dashaway vs. W. Perry's Coomßssie, J. Perigo's
Wee Lassie vs. P. Ryan's Magpie, S. Newman's
Bob Ingers,oll vs. D. Tolan's Fircmau, J. Bax
ter's Yankee Dood c vs. D. Leonard's Will o'
the Wi«p, Villa kennel'R Electric vs. Valley
kennel's Gold King, J. Rivers' Bright Eyes vs
D. Tolan's Jack. D. Cheijas' Happy Day vs'
Valley kennel's Lillian Russell, S. Newman's
Charley Boy vs. J. Kerrieiui's Lord Clifton M
Tiernan's Tom Hays vs. W. Perry's Gee Whiz
Puppy stakes— W. J. Shield's Little Brick vs.
T. Reilly's San Pedro, M. Tiernan's Belle of
Moscow vs. H. Teener's Tacit, Foss & Ma
honey's Nelly Grey vs. Valley kennel's Hazel
J. Rock's Restless vs. Ford & Mahoney's Trink
Valley kennel's Mountain Daisy vs. J f'
Grace's Deceiver, J. McCormack's While Lily
vs. D. J. Healy's Move On, Valley kennel's
NEW TO-SAT.
Lect Gail Borden
mfant Eagle Brand
Condensed Milk
"Infant Health," is a little book of
g^-eat value that is sent Fkek on appli-
cation.
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
71 Hudson Street, jrew York
Jimmy Cork ts. N. A. Peter's Lieutenant, Val
ley kennel's Skylark vs. Curtin's Nelly Maher.
Prizes in the all-aged stake will be $20, $1-2,
and third and fourth s 7 50 each; in the puppy
stakes $12, $7,and third and fourth s 3 50 each.
SWIMMING.
Clever Natatorsof the Young Men's
Christian Association.
About twenty promising young athlete*
assembled in the Y. M. C. A. building
Tuesday evening and formed a swimming
section. J. Costa was elected captain and
F. Worrell secretary-treasurer. J. Costa,
J. A. Geddes, H. Brewer ana George Stew
art were chosen to frame a constitution
and by-laws. Dr. H. L. Dietz was ejected
director.
A number of swim mine races were held
and six association records were broken.
Howard Brewer, who is a speedy swim
mer, broke the ono-length record, and J.
Costa the one-length niirdie. E. Schenk,
who, the members say, is the coming
champion hurdle-swimmer, broke the two
length hurdle, and J. A. Geddes, the long
distance amateur champion, broke a hur
dle and also a fifty-yard record. The Y.
M. C. A. boys say that the public will soon
hear from them as aspirants for the
Spreckels water polo cup.
Handball.
The handball games booked for to-mor
row at the San Francisco and Union hand
ball courts are :
San Francisco Court —M. McNeil and
G. McDonald vs. P. Ryan and L. Cor
raine, J. White and R. Murphy vs. J.
Collins and W. Stansbury, J. Slattery and P.
Kelly vs. D. Connolly "and J. McEvely, G.
Hutchiuson and R. Lenihan vs. J. Feeney and
P. Hutchinson; J. Kiordon, coaat champion,
and J. C. Nealon vs. T. F. Bonnet and P. Don
nelly, amateur champion.
At the Union court— W. P. Doran and W*. Hef
feman will play James Galvin and P. Richard
son, P. Lynch and O. Hendy will play P. J.
O'Brien and T. Burnes, T. McManus and T.
Sullivan will play C. Bradley and P. J. O'Brien,
J. J. Feeney and J. Nealon will play R. Line
han and J. Royer.
Sacramento Sporting News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 23.— The anglers
of this city are greatly excited over the fact
that fly-casting can be securea with excellent
success at their very doors, and the river is
being whipped at all hours by the devotees of
that sport. Messrs. Upson aud Helms were the
happy discoverers of the fact that the river
was full of pike which took the fly with
avidity, often leaping clear of the water
in their eagerness to take the fly. It is also
reported that pike and splittails are being
caught in large quantities in the clear water
of the American River above Folsom; also that
pike are being taken with spoon and fly at the
mouth of the sloughs near Rio Vista.
The sportsmen have been getting good bags
of doves from the vicinity of Gait. C. H. West
fall and Nick Wiseman returned with ninety
doves and fifty jackrabbits. M. N. Kimball
and Charles DeMerit killed six dozen doves
during a day's outing this week, but there is a
strong suspicion of t>ot shooting on the part of
Kimball. ('. Chapman also bagged three dozen
in a day's outing.
Montie Kuwbert and William. Young re
turned from their camping trip and report
having had excellent sport. Fred Yoerk, who
is outing in Lake County, reports the fishing
as excellent.
Kimball and Upson will give a fly-casting
tournament early in the fall and will present
the winner with a handsome trophy. It is
probable that Russ Flint will enter with from
twenty to thirty feet handicap.
The "indoor racing tournament at the pavil
ion is attracting great attention, hs the boys
are <>ut for blood, and the breaking of two
world's records on the openi.g night proves
that the track is more than fsst; but the pro
! fessional riders claim that the banks are not
NEW TO-DAT."
Cure
Consumption
* and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896. '
To Editor Call:— I have an absoluta
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
j Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
: Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
i parently hopeless cases have been greatly
! benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof -positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits, : I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A.Slocum,M.C, 83 Pearl St., New York.
We publish the Doctor's letter in full for the benefit of
our readers. There will be no mistake in sending— th»
mistake wiil be in overlooking the generous offer— Ed.
"stop that hawk-
ing and spitting! Maybe you like it— but
do others?
Same old story: "Can't get rid of it.
Tried all sorts of remedies ; also a doctor.
Not worth while spending money for, any.
way."
You'll hawk and spit, then, and make a
nuisance of yourself? And you'll let the
trouble spread, if it will; affecting and de-
stroying your hearing, perhaps; impair-
ing your sight; or, dropping down, causing
bronchitis and consumption?
Don't • hawk ; and BDit your life away I
See the great ".■ catarrh specialist, Dr.
Sweany. Make life - more pleasant' for
yourself and others.
You can be treated by correspondence.
The poor treated FREE Friday after-
noons. .:. . .
Office hours: 9-12, 2-5, 7-8; Sundays 10-12.
Address
' f.l.,swehhy,h.d;, 737 Market 3t...
I . L. Oil Unit I, ITit U., San Francisco, CaL
flflii DISEASES
VAIH PAYNE'S
ABSOLTTTBLY CTTREa OINTMENT
*>• ttraple «ppUcition of •' Swat rtt Onmnn" wiUo*
may internal medicine, win cure »ny Okie of Tetter Salt
Btteun. Ringworm Pile.. ltch . Sore.. Pimple.. KrjrfpelM,**
.•e maiur how •)>• tiaat • «r lon, atandioc. S*H by dru g ru£
or tent by mail for 50 ets. S Boxm, tI.M "• AddrMj r*S ' :
e»*»»»*a».,nqirt«ifto t r». AaMnit£&nk*S* \
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER,
Expert Cycle Repairing •
* FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
■ 112 Golden Gate Aye, S. F. ,y
fcjj Chlehe«t*r"« En«H»h Diamond Brand.
rENNYROYALPILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
Hfi£pW ' Orl«iaal And Only S«aulne. • ""•'A. 4 ■•
•£« TfcvA ' S* re ' alwayt ■ rellaSU. LAOita a*k /»\
/MVje^Jl Dr *«»«*t tor' Giichctteri Bngliih D(o-jglV\
tfT't^wgCkiiioiKr.Brarwl 1° **•<! and Gold metallic VVSr
j jJa ST W?« *' *—*"* -wttb Mm ribbon. l Take \y
- pj «^ Wf ■<• other. Refute dangtroun niUtit*- •▼ r .•
' I L. fff'ionxmd imitations. At Drugguu, «rMS4I4«.
I JJ? Jr in (tamp* for particular!, t«tlnwnlalj in 1
\^* ftf ", Helief for Ladle*." in Itttc*. by retara
/L.*": 10.000 T«itm«ii»li. -■■»•"• /5™
fcurfTTTTr Cfc'oli «**«*■ C*emic»l C«.,M*4Uoa hun
I MtttVUlUotllfoigciiti, ?hlT^^^.
... ... ■ ■" ■""' • .angled right, and that the riling Is conse
quently dancerous. At the conclusion of tbe
tournament the Sacramento riders will tender
to the visitors a picnic in the Patterson Grove,
gome ten miles from the city.
The tennis tournament that takes Dl&ce on
Saturday is also attracting great interest. The
local teams are practicing early and late.
Upson has withdrawn, owing to the sickness
of his partner, Bailey, but it is possible that he
will re-enter with Dr. Taylor if on practice
they develop a living chance.
Lewie Paine, the pride of the Capitol City
Athletic Club, is very anxious to obtain a
meeting wiih Carter. The men have met
twice and are so evenly matched that it is hard
to decide who is entitled to the amateur cham
pionship in the welter-weight class.
Rutherford.
Portland Sportlngr News.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 24.— As a result of
heated controversy between a local cycle
house and a rival bicyclist, John F. Stayer, the
well-known cyclist, will race against the Ore
gon horse Chehalis at Irvington to-morrow.
The cyclist will be paced by a tandem and will
probably beat the horse. Terrill and Freeman,
the Californians, will do the paoemaking on a
tnr.dem.
The Northwest tennis tourney is on at Seattle.
In tbe regular bi-monthly handball tourney
at the Multnomah Club George T. Myers won
from Allen Ellsworth, capturing tne medal,
which he will hold for two months.
The Oregon Komi Club entertained the offi
cers of the Philadelphia Friday.
Tbe United Banks Cricketer* meet tbe Muit
noinahg Saturday.
The middies from the British ships In port
went down in defeat before the Jil. A. A. C.
Cricketers Saturday. The score resulted 107
to 50.
Tbe sequel to the many complaints of Spo
kane wheelmen about their unfair treatment
on tne Coliux track U an order for their sus
pension by the Pacific Coast division of the
racing board on the ground of foul riding.
The bpokane rlden claimed that they were
grossly mistreated, and after tne alleged rank
. decisions against tr.era they left the tract and
sat In the grand stand until the events were
concluded. In interviews the boys declared
that the management of the Colfax meet was
'rotten." s-o theie is another side to the story,
ana perhaps the bpokane wheelmen — Martin,
Rusk, Schoonmaker and Harold— were the
cause of the trouble. Mr. Welch will Investi
gate them.
BASEBALL.
Two Clever Amateur Teams to Contest
at Presidio Park To-
Horrow.
Despite the recent changes in the base
ball situation, there will be a fir&t-class
contest at Presidio Athletic Park to-mor
row afternoon. Tha Calls, one of the clev
erest of tbe amateur teams of the City,
will oppose the Saturday Presa Club, the
. premier amateur players of OaKland.
Manager Rockwell is warm in his praises
of these two teams, and fays that either of
them is a better club than tue deserting
Californtas.
Wnaley of the Calls is a very clever
pitcher, while Shea of the Oakland team
is the young man who a week ago shut
out tbe localtearu of tbe State League.
Following is the makeup of the two
clubs:
Calls- Position. Saturday Press.
Gorharn Catcher. Peters
Whaley. Pitcher ...Shea
Shields First base. Rollins
Cardiff Second base Keating
Hurley Third ba5e...... Smith
Ma none? Shortstop Fran
McCormick..... L^ft Held Nauinger
J^eary Center field. McKlnnoa
Brandon. ..Kicbi field. Alack
SHOULD CYCLES GO FREE?
One of the Great Questions to
Be Decided at a New York
Conference.
The Course of Action on This Coast
Will Probably Ec Guided by
That Decision.
On the outcome of a meeting of the rep
resentatives of the most prominent rail
roads in the United States, now being held
in New York, will depend in . a great
measure the future policy of the Southern
Pacific Company in the matter of trans
porting the wheels of bicyclists.
One of the great questions to come before
the conference —one, in fact, that has
already received a great deal of attention —
is whether the law parsed by the Legisla
ture of the State of New York compelling
all railroads within the State to carry
bicycles free should be contested in the
courts on the ground of being unr.onstitu.
. tional. From advices received in tnis City
by railroad people the chances are that
the matter will be settled in favor of taking
the matter into court. \\:
In tb« New York law the railroads of
the country see a menace to each trans
portation company. It is feared that if
this statute is allowed to go unchallenged
in New York all the other States will fol
low in the footsteps of the Empire State.
Were it not for the dread that any at
tempt to charge for the carriage of bicycles
at this time would tend to create political
antagonism against the railroad in the ap
proaching election, it is known that the
Southern I'acific would at once put into
eft" ect the regulations in regard to wheels
that are in force on many of the Eastern
roads; and there is good reason for stating
that such a course is even now under con
sideration. '•'.
Should the New York statute be tested
and found to be unconstitutional the an
nouncement of that fact will be imme
diately followed by the complete cancella
tion of all concessions now being made to
wheelmen. General Passenger Agent
Goodman is expected back from the New
York meeting in a few days, and there is
a probability that on his . return a : new
order will be issued providing for the pay
ment of excess baggage rates on every
wheel carried on a Southern Pacific train
or ferry.
During the latter part of December the
Southern Pacific issued instructions to all
its agents that commencing with January
1, 1896, a uniform charge would be made
for the carriage of bicycles in baggage
cars, and that this charge was to be the
same as would be charged for fifty pounds
of excess baggage, and in no case less than
25 cents. Rome exceptions were made, to
this as follows: No charge was to be made
for wheels carried from San Francisco to
San Jose, Livermore, Vallejo, Benicia and
Martinez, and to points intermediate
thereto, and vice versa; nor for wheels
carried from Los Angeles to Saugus. Santa
Monica, Long Beach, San Pedro, Tustin.
Santa Ana, Whittier, Pasadena: Monrovia,
Chino, San Bernardino, Kedlands and
Riverside,-and to points intermediate
thereto, and vice versa.- * c\
Under the prospective change of policy
no one will be permitted to take a wheel
even across the bay without paying the
Southern Pacific a tax of 25 cents. . \'i
It is claimed on the part of the railroad
that the large number of people who take
advantage of the free carriage of wheels
compels them to put on an extra baggage
car on ; Sundays and sometimes two, and
that the extra travel - induced by this priv
ilege is not sufficient to make it an object
to be accommodating to those who have
the bicycle habit.
• ♦ —•
Twenty-Four Tears a Rabbi.
!Eibbl M. 8. Levy will celebrate his fifthanni-
v «s&ryas pastor at the Geary-street Temple
*&'« morning and bis twenty-fourth cousecu
'ivejunivergary as a rabbi in this State. - The
•ernce, win be of an interesting character.
special music will be a feature | and the pulpit
oftk Hlloas elaborate. An interesting lecture
_.:, *or* accomplished during the past five
J"','*lll be delivered during the morning
»«¥«*. The public is cordially invited. "; ;v
— .——«—• ':
ranhand «
aibKlnloyltes.
I. Thtm- Ptnhandle Republican: Club- of > the
ultr nV£. v enth Assembly District held it* reir
tae roll in!!' I&st evening. About 200 signed
' ou * nil much asm prevailed. .
onrrw suvl th * Btar t0 "*y on th * * *ect
A GREWSOME DAY
AT THE MORGUE.
Five Suicides During the
Last Twenty-Four
Hours.
ALL RECORDS SURPASSED
Pistol, Gas and Water Keep the
Deputy Coroners on the
Run.
ALL WAIKS OF LIFE INCLUDED.
Jjcob Bill, a Prosperous Butcher,
Takes His Life— Other Deaths
During the Day.
Yesterday marked the busiest day the
Morgue has seen since 1893. No less than
five euicides were reported to Coroner
Hawkins or his deputies. The best pre-
Jacob Bill, the Prosperous Butcher, Who Committed Suicide Yesterday.
vious record was three years ago, when
seven unfortunates leaped iuto the great
beyond.
The first was the case of Albert Stetson.
Three hours later the body of Mrs. Olseu
was found, she having turned on the gas
and then quietly streiched herself on the
bed to wait deaih's coming. At 11 o'clock
an unknown man killed himself in Golden
Gate Park, and at 3 o'clocit in the after
noon Jacob Bill followed suit by blowing
the top of bis head off. At 5 o'clock the
body of an unknown man was found float
ing in the bay. Altogether, it was a grew
some day, and one that the Morgue offi
cials are not likely to quickly forget.
Jacob Bill, a well-to-do butcher living at
212 Minna street, committed suicide by
sending a bullet through his biain. The
body was found about 3 o'clock, but just
when the desperate deed was done is not
definitely known. Bill left his shop on
Third street about 11 A. m., telling his wife
that he was going home for the usual cup
of coffee and brief sleep.
As the afternoon wore on Mrs. Bill be
came uneasy, finally concluding; that she
had better go in search of l.er husband.
When ahe opened the front door of her
home at 212 Minna street the first object
which met her gaze was the inanimate
form of her husband. A pool of blood and j
a pistol lying near by told the story. The i
body was at once removed to the Morgue,
where an inquest will probably be held to
day.
So far as known, there was no reason for
Jacob Bill to take his. own life. Ue was
prosperous in business, and wa.« sup
posed to be worth about $75,000. For
some years past he has been held to be
a little flighty on certain subjects, but
neither bis friends nor family thought
seriously of it. Before going to his home
in the morning Bill went to his safe,
wrote a few lines and then closed the Bafe,
turning the combination off. It is
thought by some that be left in the safe
some explanation of his rash act.
Mrs. Clara Olsen, a despondent widow
living at 709 Broderlck street, was found
dead in her mom yesterday morning. The
deceased was a servant in the family of
Joel rs. Low at the address given above.
During the last few weeks Mrs. Olsen
has appeared to suffer considerably, both
mentally and physically. She particu
-1 y complained of severe headaches,
woich for the time being seemed to render
her insane. Yesterday Mrs. Low called
Mrs. Olsen, but, receiving no response, at
tempted to get into the room. Tne door
was locked, however, and the keyhole
stuffed with paper.
The door was immediately broken open,
when the gas was found turned fully on
and all air escapes tichtiy filled with
paper. Mrs. Olsen was 46 years o:d and a
native of Denmark. Bne came to San
Francisco from her native country about
fire months ago, her husband and three
children dying just before she embarked.
An unknown man shot himself through
the head in Golden Gate Park yesterday
afternoon. He was found by a park officer
in an unconscious condition, but died en
route to the Receiving Hospital. The de
ceased was about SO years old, iigbt-com
plexioned and had a small sandy mus
tache. There was nothing on the body to
afford a clew as to his identity.
While a number of men were digging a
foundation for a house at 1819 Ciay stret- 1
yesterday morning they came across the
band and arm of a young giri. Later in
the afternoon they found another hand.
As Cooper College is not far distant it is
presumed that Ibe remains hal been
thrown there by some careless medical
student.
The body of an unknown man was found
floating off the Lombard-street wharf
about 5 o'clock yesterday by Giuseopi
Carriaeglia. The man appeared to be
about 45 years old. and wore a black coat
and vest, with dark pants and sharp
pointed iboea. To tna right urm were
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
tied two bricks, indicating clearly that
the deceased intended to do his work well.
AN EXPERT ON POKER.
Supervisors Dlgcuns Joe King as a Val
uable Help In the Gambling
Ordinance.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors met yesterday, with Super
visor Dimond in tbe chair.
Petitions to have streets closed, referred
by the Street Committee, were considered
at length, with tbe result that old suits
against property on Fifteenth avenue, be
tween M and L streets, were recommended
for dismissal by the City and County At
torney.
The committee reported in favor of ex
punging Tilford street in block 385, 100
-vara survey, from the map; also au alley
at Vallejo and Montgomery streets; Ash
avenue, between Gough and Octavia
and between Webster and Fill more ; Lau
rel avenue between Lagunaand Buchanan,
and Cedar avenue, between Van Ness and
Franklin.
The proposed poker game ordinance
came up again. There appeared to be
grave doubts as to wbut the committee
should do. and Supervisors Dimond, Tay
lor and Benjamin admitted they were not
experts, so they could not act intelligently
in the matter.
"Suppose," said Benjamin, "a poker
game was running with a 'kitty,' and four
men sat down having $100 among them.
If they kept on playine long enough the
'kitty' would have all the money."
Dimond asked Judge Wulet, Assistant
City and County Attorney, for informa
tion, but the legal adviser could only sug
gest that poker was out of his line and
that the proper thing to do would be to
get expert testimony on poker.
"King knows all about it," remarked
Supervisor Taylor. "Ask him and he will
tell us all we want to know."
"The trouble is," Supervisor Dimond
replied, "he will not tell what he knows."
The committee laughed and continued
discussion of poker for another week.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE MEET
Annual Convention of the Grand
Lodge to Be Held Next
Week.
An Elaborate Entertainment Will Be
Given To-Nisht at the Clnb-
Rooms
This evening the St. George Club will
give an elaborate entertainment at its
headquarters, 317 Maspn street. The pro
gramme will consist of music, both in
strumental and vocal, wrestling bouts,
scientific sparring matches and sword
contests.
The programme is as follows. Music:
Banjo and guitar, Ed Smith and G. W. Tiliie;
song, "The Gallants of England," J. P. Flem
ing; recitation and air, "Death of Nelson,"
Alfred VVilkle; cornet solo, George W. Loyde;
duet, "The Moon Has Raised Her Lamp
Above," Messrs. Wilkle and Fleming.
ATHLETICS. . . .
Fencing exhibition, Captain J.Martin, late
Instructor of the Olympic Club, and L. P.
Ward; boxing— Carroll and Arthur
Walker three rounds, Jack Verner and Pur
ceil three rounds, Raphael and Al Law ton
three rounds; wrestling, Joe Acton and Olio
Eicholz. ' ■
Jimmy Carroll, master of ceremonies.
The proceeds of the entertainment will
go to the building fund of ibe club.
. The annual convention of the Sons of
St. George will be held next week in this
City. On Monday evening there' will be
held a reception to the delegates at the
St. George Club. i.
The delegates to the Grand Lodge are:
Montana — John Weber, Burlington; John
Rich, WalkervilJe; Matt H. Brown, William
Eddy. E. A. Ford, R. J. Oats, Butte; T. H.
Dun? toil, Charles Caddey, Arthur Smith, C. P.
L. Fowler, Great Falls; William Horace, Elk
horn; Richard Locky, Helena; W. Terrill,
Marysville.
Hawaiian Islands— W. F. Reynolds, Honolulu.
Utah— T. Williams, Park City.
British Columbia— John HUbert, Nanaimo;
J. C. Richards, Victoria.
California — Robert Sharp, Fred Renahaw,
Los Angeles; T. P. Adnev, Pasadena; the Rev.
J.Sims, Nevada City;. William Wallace, Wil
liam Georire, Thomas Grace, Grass Valley;
Henry Tregoning, Je.mes V. Spense, San Jose;
John Ellis, Los Gatog; R. J. Hawk, James
Hodge, New Altnaden; Joseph M. Barker, Ala
meda: J. Lancaster, C. T. Johns, James Hall,
J.Webb, Oakland.
" San Francisco— S. C. Wood. . William Holt,
Edward Oliver. A. H. Turnout!, T. W.
Butcher, W. L. Chamberlain, William Witts,
William Clack,' J. Rawlinson, Burnaby Lodge !
No. 194; Pickwick Lodge No. 259, T. Peyser,
J. S. Hinchcliff.
One of the principal questions for the
consideration of , the Grand Lodge •is
whether the conventions hereafter shall be
held each, year or bi-annually.
On Tuesday a banquet will be given at
the Galindo Hotel in Oakland, on Wednes
day night there will be a grand ball at the
club and on Thursday nignt the Daughters
of St. George will give a reception. The
business of the convention will be trans
acted at the St. George Club and the con
vention will be in session from Tuesday
morning at 10 o'clock until ? Friday after*
noon. ■
. . m ' •
Through a Crowded Street.
A spirited bay. horse, attached \. to i a light
buggy, dashed;, down r ; Eddy >. street • yesterday
Afternoon at 3 o'clock and turned Into Market.
He ran down that thoroughfare until he col
lided with an express wagon in front of the
Emporium, where the : buggy was demolished
and the runaway was brougnt to a standstill.
Fortunately no person was injured, notwith
standing the fact that the street was crowded
at the junction of Powell, Eddy and Market
treeu. JSMnBMHBHBNoBESWnHKM
• — » — •
If London streets were put end to end
they would reach to St. Petersburg.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
PRECITA VALLEY
MAKES DEMANDS,
Its Residents Seeking For
Much • Needed Im
provements.
ASK VINING TO REPAIR.
Patrons of the Folsom-Street Line
Object to Walking Two
Blocks.
TO IMPROVE EERNAL PARK.
Proposition to Make Useful a Barren
and Baneful Strip of City
Property.
The residents of Precita Valley, through
the medium of an active and energetic ,
improvement cub, are striving to remedy (
what they consi.tr tbe far too numerous i
public grievances of their district The
club held a meeting at Graham's Hall, at '
Twenty-seventh and Alabama streets, last
evening and the various projects contem- J
plated for improving the neighborhood j
were earnestly discussed by a la rge gain- ;
ering. Stephen A. Byrne presided and
John E. O'Brien acted as se cretary.
Daniel SolUvan reported for the com
mittee which was appointed at a previous
meeting to interview Mr. Vininp in regard
to making needed improvements at the
terminus of the Folsom-street line that '
Mr. Vining had promised to investigate
the matter. The olub decided to wait an
other week before doing anything in the
matter. The defects in the tenmnus of
the tfolsom-Btreet road have long been a '
source of annoyance to the residents of the
district.
Owing to a slight inclined grade at
Folsom street and Precita avenue, the
proper terminus of the road, the cars now
stop two blocks away, to the great incon
venience of Precita Valley passengers. It
is said the grade could be remedied at a
very iu6ignitic;ant cost.
Tbe committee appointed to wait upon
the Finance Committee of, the Board of
Supervisors in regard to an appropriation
for the improvement of Bernal Part re
ported that the committee seemed favor
ably impressed and promised to report
favorably to the board.
A vote of thaaks was extended tb*
finance committee for this encouragement.
The improvement of Bernal Park is a
scheme dear to trie heart of every resident
of the district This park consists of a
strip of land 800 by 200 feet, bounded by
Folsom and Alabama streets, Precita ave
nue and Army streets. Ttiougb desig
nated a park upon the City maps, it is as
the rains of tLe winters have left it — a
swampy, unhealthy depression.
It is nnfenced, and is commonly used as
a thoroughfare, although, on account of
its until ness for this, it has been tne scene
of several disasters. The residents border
ing on the park are eager to put in sewers,
but do not wish to incur expense until the
City is ready to properly fill in its property.
Attention was called to tbe menacing
condition of tbe sewer on Bryant street
from Twenty-sixth to Army. The sewer
there is only a wooden box, which waa put
in as a temporary outlet from the Colum
bia School. Ten years ago this sewer was
put it, and the planks Have now become
rotten, until for nearly two blocks the
sewer is open most of the ' way.
The leakage has caused an un
healthy vegetation along this dis
tance, and the nuisance is the
more aggravating as it is along the street
that many children necessarily follow to
rea h the Columbia School. The attention
I of the Health Officer will be called to the
nuisance.
The Precita Valley Improvement Club,
although only recently organized, is one
of the most enterprising of the City's
many similar organizations and it prom
i ices by its energy and persistence to do
i much for the district it represents.
MILLIONS OF PLUMES.
Mammoth Orders From the East forth*
Tri-Colored Symbol.
Mrs. Strong of Southern California,
whose efforts, on the suggestion of Mana
ger Filcher of the State Board oi Trade,
were instrumental in having the California
pampas plume recognized at St. Louis as
a symbol of Republicanism, notitied the
Board of Trade yesterday that orders for
8,000,000 tri-colored plumes have been re
ceived by her within the past twojveeks.
This means an influx of $150,000 into
California.
GOTTLOB AT HOME AGAIN
The Columbia Theater Promoter
Predicts a Most Prosperous
Season.
Has Secured the Btst Attractions
Ever Off red to the People of
San Francisco.
J. J. Gottlob of Friedfander, Gottlob &
Co. returned from New York last night,
wliere be has been for t lie last three
months booking attractions for the com
ing season.
"I am glad to be at home again," said
the genial manager last night, "though 1
will not deny that my trip across the
Rockies was both pleasant and profitable.
I can cay with absolute assurance that I
have Bccured tue beat attractions in the
land.
"Some of these I cannot mention for
various reasons, but 'lie following will
give a fair idea of the people who will
appear at the Columbia and Macdonough
during th»; coming season: First thon is
Palmer & Brady's Trilby Company, and
then the Holland Brothers, E. tL and
Joseph, in new plays. Then comes Georgia
Cayvan, Evans & Hoey's "A Parlor
Match," "The Twentieth Century Girl,"
"Chimmie Fadrien." one of tiie big suc
cesses in New York during the past sea
son; Far.ny Rice, the '"Devil's Auction"
spectacular, "The Prodigal Father," Joseph
Grismer and Phoebe Davis, Joseph
Murphy, tne Irish comedian American
Theatrical Syndicate, "Town Topic*."
Primrose <fe West's Minstrels, Lillian Rus
sell Opera Company, Corinne Extrava
ganza Company and others equally as
good.
"We will control all these companies
after they reach Omaha, playing in such
cities as we think advisable. Of course all
of tnese attractions will be played at the
Macdonough in Oakland.
"The Frawley season ends in October,
when the regular season will bei;in, lasting
until June next. Business on the coast is
nearly 100 per cent better than it is in the
East. Many ■of the best managers back
there bare been forced to go under owing
to small business; T hey look " ; for an im
provement, however, after the election in
November. , Ban Francisco is undoubtedly
the best theatrical city in the country to
da ''-'^HSBfiBBBttGMBHfiRfIHsMHs!
.« ♦ •
FOURTH STREET'S LOSS.
Lack of Light and Deplorable I'ave
uicut Have Caused Ilusiness to Fall
Off One- Half.
The Fourth-street Improvement Club
held a meeting last night at which tbe de
plorable condition of Fourth street, both
as to pavement and lighting, was de
nounced in strong terms.
It was stated that a committee bad vis
ited the Street Committee of the Board oi
Supervisors regard' ng aa improvement of
the" street an<i as a result of its int-rview
George W. Elder drove over the ground
yesterday and declare 1 the street to be in
a bad condition. He promised all the
support for its betterment in his power.
It was stated that bu*ines« along Fourth
street had fallen off 50 per cent in the past
year, that rents were reduced and stores
were vacant, all owing to the Btreet's con
dition.
The club at iti own expense will have
three electric lights suspended over the
middle of the street on the block between
Market and Musion, which it will main
tain for two months. The olub earnestly
hopes tbe Supervisors will take the re
sponsibility off its hands and maintain
the lights thereafter. It is desired that
lights be strung as far as Folsom street,
The business bouses along the streets
will be illuminated and decorated to-night
in honor of the cyclist demonstration; and
a large bonfire will be built on Market
street.
The club wants Fourth street bitumin
lzed. Now, it was stated, since the new
track has been laid, there are three distinct
grades to the street, which will make acci
dents numerous after tbe cars begin run
ning. The property-owners are willing
even to stana half the expense of caving.
The following d»lee;ates were chosen to
attend the next meeting of the Association
of Improvement Clabs; William King,
Sam Hammond, S. B. Nolan, J. B. Shay
and J. Ladd.
Circulars will be distributed giving notice
of the next meeting of the cmb a week
from last night ana a large attendance is
expected.
BOXING PERMITS.
On* Each Granted the Occidental,
Olympic and St. George Clubs.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors, to whom the per
mits granted the Occidental and Olympic
clubs for boxing exhibitions were referred,
decided yesterday to grant but onep-r
-mit to each organization mentioned and
to give the St. George Club, which was re
cently refused a permit, the privilege of
giving an exhibition. The application of
tbe Colma Club was taken under advise
ment.
Scheyer'i Answer.
Sallusch Scheyer of the firm of M. Sctieyer &
Co. has fried an answer to the suit of Maurice
Rosenthai, his partner, who asks for an ac
counting and a receiver for the firm's affairs,
denying each and every one of Rosenthal'g
allegations.
NEW TO-DAY.
How to Make
Your Life Happy
"Regain the Vigor, and Energy of Sinn-
hood— Make Tour Nerves Strong,
Your Kye Bright and Your Heart
Joyous With Dr. .Sandeu'i EleutrU
Belt.
A ■
You feel that the world is growing
brighter around you when your nerves
tinele and blase with, animal magnetism.
Get back what you have lost. Be a man
! aeain. Look, your friends in. the face, and
know that you are not ashamed of your
condition.trtiß^ffßßßßWHP
No man need be weak. In nature there
is vitality for every man, and if you will
I use Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt you will
: get it-~^ffßimnso^B9B^B9VSmKS9S^
"1 would lik* to add my testimony to the
numerous others in possession of Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt Co. I purchased a
strong-power Belt from Dr. Sanden about
the Ist of April, which I used according to
directions, and after three months I am
happy to state that my varicocele, which
was of twelve years' standing, is almost
entirely disappeared, my testicles being
almost normal. I take real pleasure in
recommending the Belt to any one suffer-
ing from varicoceie." W. E. JOHNS, 1139
Market street, San Francisco.
Imagine the gratitude of the man whose
memory, quickness of thought, and sharp
understanding has been restored. The
world is brighter to him. -
"I bought your Belt three weeks ago for
kidney and bladder trouble. I had pre-
vious to that time been laid up in bed for
five week*. My trouble came on me J last
March, and on many occasions I was so bad
that I was confined to my 'bed. The third
time I put your Belt on I found relief, and
have kept improving ever since. f I wii\ take
great pleasure in v recommending your
Belt." W. T. MEYERS, 135 East Twenty-
fourth street, Los Angeles, Cal.
You may be a strong man - in muscular
power. You may look' healthy, but 'you
know that all men are not as strong, a3
they look. You may. be weak in vital force.
.You may need the tonic building up which
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt gives. It will 1
not fail you. •
. Dr. Bantlen's : Belt, sending , a . strong,
even current :; of electricity through the
whole body, saturates all : the weak parts
with its ; life, develops and "expands: the
Tital energies, and makes .manhood com-
plete." It checks all waste of, power in
■ From ten to twenty days. ■
' Dr. Banden's celebrated worK, "Three
Classes -of II Men," wiil v : be < sent, closely
sealed, ; free upon -application. 'It gives
foil information and price-list, ,
SANDEN bLHCTRIC CO., y'
630 Markot . Street, . San Franctsoo, „-
, Opposite Palace Hot el. < Office hours : b i. n to
8:30 r. x.- Sundays, 10 to 1. "" - - ••■ •■
- ■ - Consultation Free and Invited.
; ; .. ' OFFICKS AT: .
LOS ANOELEa, CAL. 1 - PORTLAND, OR., ,
, Mli boatn 3rosulw»y. >_ 1 253 Wiuuingiou , stress. ,
; MUV&MM VV IL.CO.V CO-UFOLPJ©
7Tansy*pills
•J **, Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Takf :
- ■eenoetltuie. i For sale by all druggists. . ■ Bend
"■• for Woman t Safepuard. -WII.COX SPECIFIC i
CO., PS SOUTH £iaaTHST..FaiLADA..rX.
THE SUNDAY CALL
THE NEWSPAPER THAT GOES INTO THE HOMES OF ALL
JUISULSLSLSLSLkJLSLSISULJISLSISLSUISLSI. SLSLSLSLXSIJLJLSLSLSIJL'SIJLSLSLSLSLSLSIJISL*
pr^ . . -•.,■•■•■.■■• ,O' o| . :.. jo
3 THE MOST '•"■- -jS- 3 SOME OF THE E
3 UNCANNY SPOT 6., 3 THINGS AN 6
3 ON THE FACE C 3 IDLE MAN FOUND i*
§ OF THE EARTH 6 3IN SAN FRANCISCO j*
TrßTrcTnroTrßTT6TfrTtfTsT^ YroTroTnroinriro"yoTroTr^
_P_0 0 Q 000000 06 0 Q 0 000 QPOQQQ 8 g SO 0 ggO-^JflggOO
| THOUGHT PHOTOGRAPHY |
a AND THE FINER FORCES OF NATURE G
YrvoTfoinroTiroTnroTSTr^^
And a Long List of Novel and Entertaining Features Beautifully Illustrated.
THE SUNDAY NEWSPAPER.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
RAILROAD TRAVEL! RAILROAD TRAVEL. _
IlhULihi) 111 IIS 1)1 Pill mmvmmwm kacikic conrAinr.
lihllLlfcil liAlfc.3 Dl HAIL (PACIFIC 81MTKM.)
-i,-. - - - Train* lt»« nml are due to arrive at
PPRTI.ATO CTR. . SAN *K AW CISCO.
tCJj^ffAfJXlll !7T?t vf jjs?lgsa!£j^*t>f>i^qjtTri^ I *AZ? — Fnoac Jgyg7, 130 C — Anr.iva
„£?">■? ft"* 1 * ' ■ llr * r^' i ' l fT^ L r^' ._ **S:OO4. Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
MONDAY .JULY 27, 7:OO a Atlantic Express, Og'len and Kant.. *•«»»
And very Fifth Day Thereafter. 7ioox Benicia, VacaTiUs, Rumsey. Sacrar
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot : mento, Oroville and Bedding »i»
of Market St.. at 8 p. it m ''•• vu D la •• v • • • «"• ."•♦•.••••• "AliV '■- ! * s *
SI 0. 00 Tourist Simper. in '. tollman *'•«* Martm«. Ramon. >,»p*. Call.- 1^
SIU.UU Tourist Simper. ..a^N^^u^e^uio.V.- lon* ""*
Flrst-cIaM tickets.' including' berth In ©1 Q.OO . ' %g£ meatO ' M "»" and Uoi «.,„.
ruUw,ui Standard Sleeper. . LV - — «s-.3<U Peters andMnton"!'.".'.'.'.'.".'.'.*.'.'.'.'*. «7»15j
SPECIAL NOTICE. . •:«><» a Los Aneeles Express. Freeno, Eant*
This train will not «top to deliver or take on pas- , : ■ Barbara and Los Angeles , 4«43»
senders at intermediate stations, nor will ticket* «:00\ Marti and Stockton 11:4^A
be sold or bajcease Checked to such points. \Bs(MU Vallejo  •«"*
*3- Through Tickets for Pu et Sound «:O»p Xil eB , Ban Joaeand Llvermore 'O-oot
p*i", B , ln siiVi «at l niliirxH , .iic< ■ •■• ■ ■ "ltOOp Sioramento Rirer Steamers *O:OOp
?ir^r^rlnformaMoßftD^at • tXiZOr Port Costa and Way StaUons tTs4»*
tor rortner miorma.ion appjy a* 4'iuiuMirUndT Ran p«n,nn Vaii»i/i
613 MARKET STKKiiT (Grand Hotel vSS SS '
- Ticket Office), San Frendsco. RaiSlSia g^ (!Ui
BICHARDGRAY, T. H. GOODMAN. M9r Benidt Vai;^ I Woodland; A
Uen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt. Knight. Landing? MarjSTilli* .
' Oro?ilie and Sacramento 1«:48a
niiTrmiiimnnA « lTnnnin ivi «iSorKiles, San Jose, Ufermore and 1 _'_-
SMFRiMISCO & NORTH PA- SMgSjrJg ™
- .- . - Yosenute) ana to resno • i*»a»
i'IIFIJ'I II ITT 117 IV nA s:»«r K>w Orleans Kiprecs.Fresno.Bakera-
llrll Ik 4I I II I I III! «eld. Banta Barbara. I.osAn B
■ . VflTlV ILilLllAl lift fcenliiis. El Paso, New Orleans and
Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St. 8l « Banu'F»'Boute,''AtiauUa'i£zpreu *
San Franoi.co_to San Rafael. 5:^7^^"^'::::""::::" "2».
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. v.: 13:33 L 6:<M»f Kuropean Mail. Ogdeii and liast.... 9j4»a.
8:80, 6:10. 8:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trip • «»oOl> Ilaywardi, Klles and San J0m...... .i : !s*
at 11:80 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips a* l:Si |7:0 Or Vallejo .-...•;; ........................ t«:«r
and 11:30 p v . - ■- -.-- 7iOOr Oregon 15xpret», Sacramento, Marys- • • -.•:••
6CNI>AYB-7:aO, 8:80, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 ft ' »'»<>. Re^'S. Portland. . Piiget •
6:00, 8:20 P. M. ■ - . • bound ami l'.agt 10i4 5 a
Sun Kaf»el to San Fr4nc!«co. " SANTA <Ut!Z DIVISION (Narrotr Kawge). ~*
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, .7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it- I ~t?t43A Santa Cruz Excursion, Hanta Orus
1:2:45. 3:10, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips : and Principal Way Stations }Sr»3*
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:35 p. it. ■ SildA Netvark,(.'eiiterville,.S>ut.lo*e.FeUoi!.
BUKDAYS— 7:3S, 9:oo, 11.10 a. M-i 1:40, 3:4 a . Boulder Creek, Santo Cruz and Way
6:00,6:25 p.m. .. . Stations .................... Bi8«*
• Between San Francisco and Schnstnen Park was *SilSp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
schedule as above. • ■ ■ Aimaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
...-- — " : T~~- — :".'■„. ■ * ■ Santa Cms and Principal Way #
Ban Fntncisco. IST*: San Francisco. ; , 4i l B r Newark! S^jV^aaY^i.'alM.::: «ISSoi
. Wml Son- v,. 1 ,^?..,,- ' - Baw. ■ . I Wxbk COAST lU VISION (Thir.l A Towwseinl >>U.)
Dayb. I days. ""» on »° B % pays, j Dam. -••:43a San Jose and Way Stations (New a
7:30 am 7:30 au | Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am/ . Wednesdays 0n1y)....... »:47a
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 a m t"* jS Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
6:10 pm, 5:00 m Santa Rosa. 7:30 Pit 0:15 pm ' -* Santa Cruz, Paciflo Grove, an« _
■ ■ ■ — -; ■ ! ' Principal Way Stations ...... JliMf
___ T ■ ; : Jv ul i on - I ■ ,« --■:. «»15a Sun .lose, Trts J'ii.os, HantaCma. '
7:3oa* Windsor. , 10:10 ah ■ Pacific Grove, Paso Robles, Sas
. . Heaidsbnrg, . .i \ =-*' • j.«| s Obtspo. Guadarnpe and Prin-
"; • , . .:•; Gcyservllle, ■ • v . . -filial Way Stations .............. 7»«5p
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm . 6:15 pm 19:47 Palo Alto and Way Stations fl»3op
~~ ~~ ~ : 1.,_,. ,■ •■-•'- — »'■ • loi-lOa Sun. ~-»l Way 5tati0n5......... »:O«p
7-<K)am ■ Honlaud & v 10-10 am 11:30 a P»!o Alto ami Way Stations....... 3:30p
I;ig^|7:3oAM H<^ag. A I 7:3opm -*«3«p San Mateo. Men.o Park H*a Jos*
,j . . iiiifoy, l rtsfl x l.ios, nftnin i.nik,
7:30 am . . 110:10 AM . Salinas, Monterey raciOc(.iro»o *I«i4oa
7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 ru <Si»Op Ban Jose, Pacific Grove and Way ' '
3:3OPM . I 6:lspm 5tati0n5 .........:...........:.... *l;3O»
7^oam7:3oam Sonoma ,10:40 am B:4OaM -*%%^ J^-a^gUj-^jj^ v£si
6,10 5:00 pm GlenKilen. I 1-06 PM 6:15 PM a^B^Bfc:;:::;: ■ i?!^* •
?:|opm|s:Hopm| SebaatopoU |I«*°^j^i^^ HAS naSlHtO AM. HAtWAKUs llm-aTT-
■ — — — ! ■ — ,•«:«<> a 1 ( 7:15 a
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West ' S;O»a I (9:45 a
Springs; a. GeyservHlo for 'Skates Sprlmrs: « U:00a w.,_ m . 0,-i.,_ t>..i, { »©:43 a
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Ht«aland ! io.oOa Melrase, Serainarr FarS, . » H:l3a
: Springs, Kolseyvllle, Soda Bay and i~alc«-port: at I , ill :00a V I »«,i,i,.L, «»Tm«Hm 12:43*
BopUnd for Lakeport and Bartiett spring: at B:OOp " rlicaomrf , S»m le»ndw <1:45p
Ckiati for -Vichy Hnringg, Saratoga Springs, Bluo 3:00p . U - - 4:*.">r
Lakes, Laurel Dell Laic*. Upper Porr^, Fatter 4:OOp ' . 5i43p
Valley. John ■ Day's, Kiversirte, Lierley's, Back- n:o(>p . Ravwarda. •-•»15p
nells, sjuihedriu" Heights. Hullville, Boonevil^ 5:80p .'"""* ,7:45?
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, i 7:«0p ..... .- v S:43#
Fort Bra«, Wsstport, Usal, Wlllets. Canto, Co- I 8:00r , B _, 1 tv- I ktaiiita. »:43»
y.o. Laytonvitle. Harris, Scotia and Kureka. -- O:OOr. « Rims through to HUem. lO:3Or
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced: |tll:l3pj t UTom KUea. ■ ttI2:00»
On "Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be- . CREEK ROUTE FERRY, >
■ jrond Han Rafael at halt rates. • •_ : ■ tna s a /RiHOISCO— Fo«t of Msrket Street (Slip 8)— ■ i
•Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle hnlldln*. *7:15 , 9:00 11:00 a.m. tWO *2:00 t3:CJ
• H. CL WHITING, • R. X. RYAN, - ' *1:OD ' t6:CO •6:Corj«.
Gen. Manager. -, Gen. Pass. A^ent. ; r ron 01IUHD-»o«t of ; 0:00 8:0»
I : . .-. ■ .; .-. .- - :, - .- .' " • 10:00 a.m. tI2:CO 'WO . t2:00 *3:33 : : - ti:M ■
; ■ X l l fi nH" i c "■■'■ <^^*=f^te*. f * s:oCr -"- " -/ " v '•' ■'•• •"-'••-.■•••
r^.LaCi.l£Ul^ "*■ Bk^\ Afor Morning. - P for Afternoon.
■• ■ AND ' Sundays exr.epted. 1 Saturdays only
»-v • /* • JB3T3S*3r t Sundays only.
UortTl/" jfc^ajgßFrk. if Monday. Thursday and Sa'urilay nights only.
ST CX. lllv »§ssKE£? s^^'9k Satunlays anA Sundays for Santa Cnu. :
RAILROAD "(SBR SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILfiOAD
1 .JE&SK^r" 1 " '•■ KORTH PACIFIC C<)AST RAILfcOAD
Vi I\T 1 PK ' VXPfLWK Joßarei - (Via Sausallto Ferry). ; .
O.lillA lli lik.ivi. •3^V&^ r -%*Sffia' ' *"rom San Fraucisco, (oinrrniiclns June 15, 1894
To Chicago via A. * t . CgSwSSSifi WEEKDAYS.
Direct Line »*a»^B*C**^©^ For Mill Valley and San KaJael — 7:00. *8-0f
1 Leaves every day at sr. v.. cui-f ;.-.u^ i Pullman . ! 9 , : l 6 . 10 « :16 « U' Ai ' ** ie; * 1:46( ' 4:1J »
Palace Drawing-room Peepers, so Modern Ip. : -,™ :10> "*>:00..0:d5 p. m. . ■...-.
holsterfd Touri.it Sleeping-cars, with clean linen Extra trips lor San ( Rafael on Mondays, Wedaaa*
»m btdJine and in charee of a porter, ran dally aay» and jaaiurdays at 11:30 p.m. ; ~ - ■.:, .
through to Chicago via' Kansas City. Annex cars :_■ ".■;. SUNDAYS. s .-
for Denver and Si. Louis. - .• *« Mill Valley . and > San Rafael— :00, »900 l
Pers .na ly conducted . Boston Kxcurslons via i •10:00, 11 :30 a. m.; ••1»:8J, "1 :30, : »2:15. *4:ott
Kansas C.:y, Cblcaso, % Montreal and the White 6:30, 0:16, 8:30 F. M. hjL.ra, trip; to Sausalltoat
.Mou t.«ins leave ever'- Wednesday. ' . ,■ j _11 ; 00 a. m. -; '
'1 he - best railway < irom California to the East. ' Wains ■ marked •-, run to San Qoentln. • •*l2;St
New rails, new ;!»«: no dust: interesting scenery; *. M. does not run to Mill Vi..."»v. -
and Rood meals In Harvey's dininK-rooms. ; < * ■;*- > '■• I THROUGH .TRAINS. 1\ .-.'v ;: :Vi .
<p- Ticket Offle«-644 Market Street, : ! awSrd«i* a Be3 ' c ". 1 *°? way • 5" lon »-8 =«) a. m,
M»lo 1031. l 1 S»U a. h. Sondava: lti& »■ n. waekd*T*T^
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat firm Barley weak.
Other Cereals dull and unchanged.
Bran and Hay weak.
Beans lower and dull.
California Lard lower.
Hogs declined.
Hops neglected.
Wool depressed.
Potatoes less demoralized.
Onions still cheap.
Butter firm, but quieter.
«. heese firm.
Ranch Eggs still higher.
Poultry dull.
Apricots higher. Peaches weak.
Berries remarkably low.
New Prunes opening low.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agenoy reports 24
futliirrsfor the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for tbe week, ending yesterday as compared with 20
for the previous week and 12 tor the corresponding
week ot 189 S. The failures are divided among the
trades as follows: 1 poultry, 2 hotels, I tinware
and plumbing. 4 re^aurants. 1 millinery. 4 sa
loons, 1 sash and door factory. 1 butcher, 1 con
tractor, 1 basery. 1 publisher, 1 saw and shingle
mill, 1 mining and reduction company, 1 furniture,
1 dry goods, 1 shoe manufacturing company, 1
notions,
Explanation.
The arrow flits with the wind. The top figures
a: station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*.
during the past twelve hour*. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therm*, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hiirh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomuanied by fair weather: "low"
relers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and aecompHiiied by clondy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first a|>|>»ar on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along tbe coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the t alifornia coast, warmer
weather kibv be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
«iU produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Unitko States Department of Aoricul-
TrKE. Weatbkb Bureau, San Francisco, July
24. 1895, sf. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day :
Eureka 60, Fresno 96, San Diego 76. Red Bluff
100, San LuisOblspo 80, Yucaa 94. San Francisco
63, Los Angeles 76.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 63,
minimum 53. mean 58.
Tbe pressure has fallen rapidly over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Over the
northern half of the Paclnc slope the fall averages
two-tenths of an inch.
The temperature has fallen about 20 decrees In
Aiiz->na and about 6 degrees in the extreme south
east corner of California. The temperature has
risen over Idaho, Montana, Eastern Washington,
Oregon and the northern part of California.
Conditions are favorable for generally fair
weather on the Pacific slope Saturday, with higher
temperatures throughout California, Nevada and
Arizona. Main has fallen in Arizona and in the
extreme southern portion of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, July 25. 1896:
Northern California— Clondy along the coast
on Saturday morning, fair inland; warmer In
the valleys; fog off the shore. Fresh north west
erly winds on tbe northern coast; variable winds
in'and.
f»ou'. hern California — Fair Saturday, except In
extreme KOutbern portion, where thnnder-showers
ro ay occur; warmer in tbe eastern portion; light
wesieriy winds: log offshore
Nevad-— Fair Saturday; warmer.
Utah— Fair: warmer Saturday.
Arizona— rhunder-showers Saturday morning,
cloudy Saturday: warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Saturday
mornlns; light westerly winds: fog off shore.
ALEXANDER G. McAUIE,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, K. V., July 24.-Stocks ruled weak
to-day, but except in a few instances the pressure
to sell was not pronounced. For that matter the
bulk of .the stock sold according to good judges of
the market wag for professional account. '. Euro
pean specula. ors were -inclined to reduce their
lines of American securities and this liquidation
accounts In some degree for the weakness here.
The dominant influence, however, was the politi
cal situation. Mr. Whitney's : interview .- had' a
tendency to unsettle matters, as the ex-Secretary
of the Navy did not take a cheerful view of the
Presidential nomination, especially so far as the
sound-money advocates are concerned.
The talk abaat a third ticket also had en un
favorable effect, and the reports that the Populists
won d indorse, the candidacy of Bryan added to
the bear ranks. The street seemed to ignore the
heavy deposits of gold for the day, about 91,500,
-000, which brings the total for three days up to
911,245,000. The fact that there will be no gold
shipments to Europe to-morrow, owing to the re
vent agreement by, the foreign bankers, was also
passed by so far as effect on stock prices is con
cerned. The tears concentrated their efforts on
Manhattan, and the stock was forced down from
93* 8 to 901 * • ' ■■,-; - ; ;
In the last half hour a firmer tone prevailed, and
prices rallied 1% per cent in the case of Manhat
tan, 14® 1 per cent in the remainder of the Hit.
The industrials and grangers showed the greatest
recuperative ability, speculation cloned firm in
tone. - Net changes . show • declines of i/i@l V. per
cent. ' Total sales were 184.347 : shares, including
36,700 St. Paul, 31,400 >ugar and 12,600 Chicago
Gas. . , ,-,:•.;. . . ,»:>.■» •
The bond market was weak and lower. The
sales were 9747,000. Atchison general fours fell
l'/ 8 t073V4: Hocking Valley . consolidated fives,
life to 81; Metropolitan Elevated seconds : sixes,
1 tolOSi/g; Oregon Short Line cousolidated lives
certificates, •£ to 57. ' •
In Government bonds, 9204,000 coupon fours of
1 925 sold at 1 14% ; 910,000 do registered at 11 31/,;
950,000 registered fours of 1907 at 1061 A, and
♦10,000 do coupons at 108. ; ■ 7a *
I '. ' Grain. :
FLOUR — Quiet. Winter wheat, low ■ grades,
1 70@2 t)0: do fair to fancy, S3 40»
3 40; do patents, 93 4S@3 75: Minnesota clear.
. #-i.'4(/@o2 30: do straights, 92 96<&3 40: ao patents,
98 15@4: low ; extras. . 91 70<a»2 50: city milts.
$3 90;. do patents. 9404 25; rye mixture, 92 40u
2 90;' superfine, 92 60@3 15: line, 93. Southern
flour, quiet and steady: common to fair extra.'
92<52 60; good .to choice do, 92 60@2 90. Rye
flour, dull and steady, 92 40@2 80.
CORNMEAL-Quiet, steady: yellow Western
»'2Os@vi 10; Bramlywlne,s2 15. '
m X— Western. 38 Vie f. 0. b.
■ BARLEY— DuII ; 49 pounds, 31 V 9 c f. o. b.
 BAKLEY MALT— Quiet:. Western. 48@52c '
WHEAT— Spot market dull, steady. No. 2 Red.
f. o. r>., 66c;. ungraded red, 57@67c; No. 1 North
ern,' 66% c .. . • .. . . ,_■
Options opened weak at Vs® 1 decline on for
eign selling and weak West, .milled V«@34c on
better cables and local covering, fell %<&% con
realizing, closing steady and unchanged: ( .tem
ter and December moM active. , No. 2 red, July.
6-/S4C; Aucust, 63Vic: September, 63V2C; October!
64V c; December, 665/sC -,-. !T^i
•. .' ;■' : FINANCIAL. .
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
-VVIIEELOCK & CO.,
4 Lei dead or a St.. Tel. Main 1954,
'■■■■.- : '■ ■ branch optics '- ■ ■•' •' •• ■
•28 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
•• •• < J. 8. PUBBY, Manager.' '.
Orders instantly : executed on latest market quo-
: tatlona. Reference let National Bank sF. • '
CHICAGO.... PKIVAXii WJWfi. Mmvi YORK.
CORN-Spot, dull, firm; No. 2, 32Vi©32%c:
elevator: 4 @»B%c afloat.
Options opened firm and %@%c up with the
West, fell ' s/gc on realizing, closed steady at VgC
advance to %c decline with trading light. Sep
tember and October only traded in. July, 32 % c;
September, M2l/4C: October, 33c.
OATS— Spot, dull, firmer. .. '-
Options more active, firmer. July, 22% c; Sep
tember. 22 %c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 23c; No. 2 white, 2414 c:
No. 2 Chicago, 24c; No. S. 22c No. 3 white.
23c: mixed Western. 23@24%c; white, 25i /2
29c: white State, 25%@29c.
FEED BRAN— SO@n2%c.
MIDDLINGS— %c.
RYE— 66c.
■ - Provisions.
BEEF— DuII. Family, ?B©9: extra mess,
$6®7. Cut meats firm; pickled bellies. 12 pounds,
sc; do shoulders, 3*. 4 (<£4c: do hams, 9@loc
LARD— Quiet, steady. Western steam, 93 55
bid; city, 93T53 10; spot, 93 60: refined, steady;
continent, 93 9J; south American, 94 50: com
pound, 3»4@4c < .*-ai UIXB%*B&CBBtji»
PORK-Qulet, steady. Old mess, 97 50@7 75;
new mess, 97 76@8 26. ' '-"'*...
BCTTKR— ood demand, steady. Stale dairy.
10@14%c: do croamery, :11%@15c: West
ern dairy, 9(a-12c; do creamery, ll%(g»15c; fac
tory. 8%®10%c: Elgins, 15c. -
CHEEar.— Fair supply, firm. State lan;?, oi 2
4 c; do small, 6%@7c; part skims, l%9bc.
■ tGCis- steady. State and Pennsylvania, 14c;
Western fresh. ll@lBc
TALLOW— DoII, steady. City, 31-16 c; conn
try, 3@B%c. .
COTTONSEED OlL— Easy. Crude, 20c; prime
yellow. 23% c; off grade, 23% c. - ' - .
RKSl.N— Dull, steady. Strained, common to good
91 60©l 62%.
TUUPENTINE-Easler, dull. 24@24S ■
• POTATOES— Firmer; good demand, southern,
60@90c.
RlCE— Quiet, steady. Domestic, fair to extra,
S©sB/ic; Japan, 4@4%c
MOLASSES— Quiet, steady. : New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice, 27©37 c.
COFFEE— Steady, 6 to 10 points down. July,
91095; August, 910 25@10 76; September, 99 90
@J0 00: October, ; 99 40@9 56; November. 99 40
(§,9 45: December, 99 20@9 25: March. 99 10©
9 20; May, 99 10: June, 99. Spot Rio, dull and
lower: No. , 12c ■ • • , ■
SUGAR— Raw, dull, steady. Fair refining, 2%;
centrifugals, 96 test, 3 6-16 c: * refined, quiet
and unchanged; off A, 4 3-16@4s/gc; mola A,
4%c: standard A, 4sfec; confectioners' A. 4%c:
cut loaf si/«c; crushed. /4 c: powdered, 4%c:
granulated, 4%0; cubes, 6c.
Fruit and: Produce.
APRICOTS— New bags. 8@0c: do old bags,
9%@11c.
PiACHES— Peeled, 9 Ib, 13@14c: do unpealed.
5%(38%c. .
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal; 4»/i@sc
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose muscatel, S%@4c;
do three-crown, sc; do lour-crowu, 5%c; do Lon
don layers. Sl@l 05. - ■■-•.•>,■ • - .
HOPS— State, common to choice,2©7%c; Pacific
Coast. 3@6%c; london market unchanged.
WOOL— quiet; domestic neece, 16©22 c;
pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 7®l2c.
* Merchandise. -
Pin IRON-Quiet, steady; American. 913 26©
12 60,
COPPER-Quiet; lake. 910 90011 6a
LEAD— Easy: domestic, f 2 90@2 95.
TlN— Easy; straits, 913 40©13 46; plates steady,
quiet. .:> i . . ■:.,'■
SPELTER-Easy : domestic. 93 90@4.
; CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. July 24.— Assisted by the ball
feeling inaugurated yesterday, steady cables and
the heavy, rains of the past few days the wheat
market maintained some of 'its strength ' during
the day and a better trading was the result.
Another supporting factor was the continued hold
ing back of winter offerings' in response to a thou
sand Inquiries for that staple last night at a bid of
60c. Receipts at Minneapolis and Duluth were
-'86 cars, against 268 last Friday . and 137 on the
same day last year.
. Chicago received 162 cars and inspected 19,000
bushels. Liverpool cables were firmer and %d
higher. Eastern seaboard clearances for 14 hours
were 408,660 bushels. Continental cables were a
shade : higher. The market eased off in the last
half-hour, : closing below yesterday. September
wheat opened at 57% c to 8 8c, sold between &B*ic
and 57% c, closing at 67»i<a,57 %c %c lower than
yesterday. . Estimated receipts lor to-morrow 210
cars. ■".'-•■ - -. ■ -■-..-...
CORN— Was not moved by the advance In
wheat, the same conditions being bearish for corn
as bullish 'for wheat. Receipts aso were heavy,
bat there were good shipments. The trade was
not large. - Chicago received 430 cars against 432
cars, and 315,181 bushels were taken from store.
Liverpool closed steady. ' Exports . were . 288,978
bushels. September corn opened at 26% c, sold
between 26% c and 26y»c, doting at 26% c & a c
lower than yesterday, estimated receipt* for to
morrow t>os cars.
OATS— Were ■ strong for the same reason that
wheat advanced— rain and damage to crops in
shock, and standing. The close was about equally
as weak. Trading was good. Receipts were less
than expected.' Two hundred and seventeen cars
and no oats were withdrawn' from store. - Septem
ber oats Closed a shade lower than yesterday. Es
timated receipts for to-morrow 200 cars
FLAX— Was firm; cash, 73073% c; September.
73% c: December. 74®76%c. •
PKOVIKIONS— Opeued with a steadier tone
with wheat, smaller receipts of bogs and higher
prices at the yards. September pork closed 7%c
lower;- September lard 7%@10c loss, and Septem
ber ribs 7%c lower.
BCTTKR — Quiet. Creameries — Extras, 14c;
firsts, 12%®13%c; seconds, 10@llc; imitations,
fancy, lO&llc • •
EGGS -Fresh stock, 10c: recandled, 10@10%c:
■hipping, 10@10%c . . • •
a. ON" —Was easy at 6@6Jf on call and t% for
urn* loans, tie* \wk exchange 70c discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT-Jnly,s7%c: September, 57»4@57y8C;
December, 59*40.
CORN— July, 25% c; September. 26*40: Slay.
Ma
OATS— JuIy, I 8y # c: September. 17% c; Hay,
20*4c September. «6 12%; January, «6 92%.
i vjKK— September. 96 12%: January, «6 92%.
September. «3 27%; January *3 60.
laub— Sepiemoer, S3 30; January. 88 42%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., July 24.— Cattle-
There was a good demand and prices were stronger,
with gales largely 10c higher. Hog prices ad
vanced 5c to 10c on lighter receipts and to en
courage shipments next week. Sheep prices were
stronger in some instances, but on the whole not
much different.
CATTLK-Receiota. 2500. Fancy beeves, * 4 40
f;4 50; choice to prime, 1300 to 1100 Ib steers,*
4 15@4 25; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1700 &>,
«3 90@4 10; medium steers, 1000 to 850 Ib, $3 60
(g'i 85: common to fair steers. 950 to 1200 Ib, 93 10
($3 50: feeders. S3 80@3 80: common to choice
stocker«. f 2 40@3 40; bulls, choice to ex
tra, 92 75@3 26; bulls, poor to choice. 91 70
(£.2 70; cows' and heifer*, extra, 93 60@3 8&;
cows, .fair, to choice, $2 30@3 50: tows,
common to fair canners. 91 *^o@2 26; calves, good
to choice. 95 26@5 75: calves, common to good,
93 50@5 20: Texas grass steers. 92 5003 10: Texas
fed ■ steers, 93 20@3 70: Texas cows, . bulls and
.oxen. 920|2 85; milkers and springers, per head,
520@37 50; Western range steers, 93 10@3 70;
Western range cows and heifers, 92 25@3 35.
HOGS— Receipts. 13.000. Heavy packint ana
shipping lots. 92 70©2 90: - common to choice
mixed, 93 16@8 46: choice assorted, 93 65(a
3 65: light, 93 »o@3 10: pigs, f 3@3 56. ■ -
an Kk.* — Receipts. 8000. interior to choice
»2@3 25: lambs, 4306 75. -'
DUN'S REVIEW ; OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. V., July 1 7.— 8, O. Dun' A Co.
will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
The week began with extreme depression in stock
and speculative markets owing to the heavy outgo
of gold.' ; Stocks fell >; rapidly and on Monday ruled
lower than any time since 'the Venezuela alarm in
December. ■ The lowest average was 945 09 for
railroads and f46 02 for trusts, but at the close on
Monday averages were 943 75 for railroads and
943 60 for t rusts. Then came sharp recovery with
the union of banks to turn gold Into, the treasury
and of international bankers to control foreign ex
change and the averages rose on Friday to 944 46
and 944 44.: .;■■'■-■-:■. --'*•"•.. ■ ■-.;-.•••. ...■--.
Business of all kinds baa been neatly affected
by the monetary conditions and . Is slower to im
prove. The produce markets have been seriously
depressed, lard marking the lowest quotations on
record, corn Tallin.- to . 3'ic, wheat to 61.75 c and
cotton to 7. :2c. There has been a slight recovery
in corn, a sixteenth on cotton and a cent in wheat,
but the main cause of low prices remains, namely,
prospects of large crops with heavy stocks on
hand. Nothing appears of encouragement in the
industries. ■ ■ . » • ■ . .• • ■
Failures for the week ■' have been 281 in the
United States, against 202 . last year, and 29 1 in
Canada against 27 last year. .
BANK CLKARIGNS.
- NEW YORK, N. V., July. 24.-Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
July 23, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet'a: ' .
' Percentage
•CmES. . Amount. - Inc. Dec.
New York; 9663,281, »74 11.2 ......
805t0n..... K9.5; 6.728 ...... 4.3
Chicago.'..- 84.425.590 6.0
Philadelphia ......' 66,190,»12 ." . 1.2
St. Louis. 20.790,509 - 1.0 ......
Pittsburgh ........:...„ 16,6X2,566 4.4
Cincinnati ..........'* 11,321.000 ...... 6.8
8a1tim0re............... 14,080.664 13.8 ......
San Franci5c0........ 1. 11,0»Mhi ..;.... 7.«
Kansas City...... -8,118,475 ...... - 9.6
New 0r1ean5....... 6,365,7:8 7 2
Milwaukee 4.413.85U " 5.7 .'.'."..
BWPaul.;. r.v. .;.....-„ 4,H74,«57 6.1 '
Omahar...;..-....... 4.631.115 ' 48.0 .. .
Denver..........;....;.. 2.0D.V10* 12.8
Halt Lake 1.179,6811 ' 2».9 : .
Los Angeles.-.....;;... . 999,430 ..;...', 20.5
Portland, 0r....;....... 1,262,658 25.0*
Tac0ma.. ....;. ......... 627,182 14.4=' 'Mil;;
5eatt1e. :.....:..-........ 661,649 16.1 . ...
5p0kane................ 420.430 18.4 ......
• Totals U. S-.....;.9 989,300,404' 6.6 ......
Outside New York
:Wty...... -.....;...... 425,089,030 09 ......
',■■:. NEW VOICK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money »nd Railroad'
'* '■-:'." '•■] Share*;. : - - • ". '
•". Money on call easy at I%@2^: last loan at I%*;
and closing offered at I%J{- Prime mercantile pa
per. 6%®6%. : Bar sliver, 68% c ,; Mexican dollars,
53%@54%c Sterling Exchange is dull, with actual
business in backers' bills at 84 87%<a4 87*4 for
60 aays and 94 88%®4 Be»3/ tor deuTaiid. pasted
rale*. $4 88®4 89.- Commercial, bills, 94 HHa*(tb
4 87 yd-; Government bonds have been weak; State
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
bonds ' neglected ; railroad : bonds easier. .. Silver at
the board was dull. •_• < - : .
.. • ',■•_:•'■'■'-• CLOSING (STOCK*. • :.
Am Tel A Cable... 4 8&: 'Norfolk A Weatrn. ■-* 5 :'
Atcblson :.;...... 11*4 Preferred.. 10^
■- Preferred 17y» Northern Pacific. 5%
Adams Express.... 145 Preferred.. ..;.'... 13 
Alton. Terre Haute .40 - Northwestern..;.:. 94%
American Express)oB : - Preferred 147
American To Dacca 58 N. Y. Central.....'. 92 .
Preferred 94 N.Y.,Chicago&ssL. 10% i
Bay State Gas. r.... 16 Ist preferred..... 68 ,
Baltimore * Ohio.. 16 ' 2d preferred 23
Brunswick Lands.. ■ %N. Y.«tN. H....... 162
buffalo, Roch AP. 16 N. Y. & New Eng. 36
Canada Pacific... 69 N. V., Susq & W... 7%
Canada southern.. 44% Preferred......... 1»%
Canton Land...'..:. 50Vi 0ntari0............. 11%
Central Pacific /4 Ontario <t Western' 13%
die;*. <fe Ohio Oregon Improvmuc  %
Chicago Alton 151 Preferred ..
Preferred J7O Oregon Navigation 12 -
Chicago, 8.&Q.... -64% Orecon Short, Line. 10 .
Chicago E. 111... 40% Pacific Mai1.. ...... 18%
Preferred....'.... 91 Peoria, D. & Evans 1%
CfalcagoGas 651 Ptttsburg AW. pfd 15
Cleve<fc Plttsbnrg..l64 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..144
Consolidation CoaL 31 .' Quicksilver......... 1%
Consolidated Gas.. 14 3% Preferred 13
CC.C. & St. Louis 23 Reading ...... 10%
Preferred....:..:. 76 ißloGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel iron.. 18% i Preferred.....'.... 40
Preferred ....100 Kock 151 and.:...... 55%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 8% Home Wat<bOgden.U3 ,
Commercial Cable. 126 St. L. 8. W...... 3 1
Del. Hudson.. 119% Preferred.......;. 8
Del. Lack* Westrn. 15 J Ist. Pau1.".;.. ....... 70
Denver A R. O ll'vg -Preferred... 123
Preferred.. ....... 42% St. Paul & Duluth. 17
Di5ti11er5..'...:..... 10% . Preferred.;-.':..... 87
General Electric... 23 V4 St. Paul «fc Omaha. 34
Erie ..:....... 13%! Preferred.... 122
Preferred 30 St. P. M. &M...... 107
Fort Wayne 163 Oliver Certificates. 68%
Great Northern pfd 109 Southern Pacific... 10%
Green Bay ; % Southern K. X 7»/ 4
Har1em........ 294 j Preferred. 20%
Hocking C0a1...... % Sugar Refinery ....104 .
Hocking Valley.... 16 %' Preferred 97%
Homestake. 84 Term. Coal A Iron. 188/s
H. A; Texas Cent... Preferred.... 90
Illinois Central 90i/ 3 Texas Pacific 6%
lowa Central. 6 Tol.A.A.<t N.Mich.
Preferreo......... 23 Tol. * Ohio Cent... 80
Kansas Texas... : 10' Preferred. 70
Preferred ....19 Tol.SuLouisA K.C. 5
Kingston A Pern... 3 Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 16 Union Pacihc 6%
Preferred... 62% v. P. Den A Gulf.. 2
Lake 5h0re... ...... 141 v. 8. Coraage...... 3^4
National Lead 25i/ 4 | Preferred. 7ys
Preferred 82 j Guaranteed 15
Long Island .... 70 U. S. Express 40
Louisville <ft Nash. 45% U. s. Leather 63/ 4
Louisville. Na&Cb, 6 | Preferred. 48 ,
Preferred IS U. S. Rubber. 15
Manhattan Con sol. 91% Preferred.........' 70
Memphis <fc Charts. 15 Utica &B. raver. . 160 ■■
Mexican Central... 7 ab. s. L. A Pac.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 92% Preferred. , 14%
Mlnu & 3. L.. ....... — Wells-Fargo 90
Preferred......;.. Western Union.... 78%
Minn * st. Lcom. 13 Wisconsin Central. l :i s
Ist preferred 65 Wheeling <t L. E.. 7%
2d preferred...... 35 Preferred. 24V*
Missouri Pacific.... 17% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 40
Mobile Ohio 16 W. U. 8eef......... 6%
Nashville * Cbatt. 65% Ann Arbor
National Unseed.. 15 Preferred. — - .
N. J. Central 92 Brooklyn Traction. 20
North American... 4 Erie 2d pfd 16
• '■ ci/Oftiura bond*.
C B4s,reclstered..lO6 MX T 2ds .. 54%
Do 4s. coupon.. 107;< /4 j Do 4s.- «... 78%
U 8 4s new, regstrdll3V4 Mutual Union 65... 101%
Do 4s, coupon ...lias. N J Cent Gen 55.. .1141/4
Do 25............ 95. Northern Pac lets. 11
DoSs 110 Do2ds 108
lofts, coupon... 11l D05d5.:... ....... 61%
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols. 1 88
Do 1897........;.100 i Do deb 5s 109%
Do 1898.. ...... ..10J iO R * N lsts. 107*/*
Do 1899 .........100 SiL<felronMtOen6s 69%
Pacific -is 0f '95.... • Ist LA S F Gen 6.1. 100
DCB-85S .„...-... 109% 5t Paul Consols.... 122
Ala Class A4s 102 St PC* Pa 1 sis... 11 4%
Do Class 84, 55.. 102 j Do Pac Cal Ist*.. lll
LaConsol 4s 93 Southern nit 55... 83
Missouri funding... • Texas Pacific Ist*. 79*/,
N Carolina con 65.. 115 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 80
Do 4s 93 Union Pac lsts 96.100
So Carolina 4%5. . . 100 West Shore 4a 103
TennnewSs.. 76 Mobile * Ohio it.. 59%
Va funding dent... 67 R Grande West lsls 87%
Do registered Cues 4 Ohio 65.. ..105
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcntson 4s 73%
Do trust rcpts st. 4% Do2dsA 3'Ji 4
Canada South 2ds.. 101 OH ABA 6s 101
Cen Pac Istsof '96. 98 I 'D02d75..: 95
Den * Ist 110 H A Tex Cent 65.. 101
Do 45.....; ..'BB Do con 65...: 102
Erie ads 69% Reading 4s 73
Kansas Pa Consols 60 Missouri Us. 100
Ks Palsts Den divll 1 !
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IK X.rVXKPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. E>-G.. July 24.— spot market
Is steady at 6s 4%d®5 M. Cargoes firm at 26s 3d.
prompt shipment. :
rUTTTBM.
' The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: July,
4s 1 11 id: August, 4511% d: September, 4s 11 %d:
October, 4s 11 %d; November. 4s lid.
SECURITIES. -"'
LONDON, Eno, July 24. — Consols, 118%;
silver, 81 %d; French Rente*. »
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 94 88%
Sterling Exchange, 5ight....'. ...... — 4891/4
Sterling Cables — 4898,7
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Fine .Silver, ft ounce. — 686/.
Mexican Dollars 54 641,4
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— Is rather flrm than otherwise, though
prices show little change. No. 1, 9384@95c ft ctl:
cnolce, 96V4(tt97%c; lower grades, 87%092%c;
extra choice for milling, 91(*1 10 «4 cU.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock — December—
500 tons. 99c; 700, 99y B e.
Rkkulab Mobm.no Session— December— 4oo
tons, 98»4c. Seller '96, storage paid-100, 9tB4c.
aftkknoon Sbssio.v — December — 400 tons,
99c; 1600, 91»%c. seller '96, new, storage paid—
600, 971/4 C: 100 (city) 981/4 C.
BARL£i-The market continues weak. We
quote Feed, 65»68%c: Brewing, 75@80c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Rt-.ori.Aß Morning Session— No sales.
a ftkbnoon SESSION — December — 100 ton*.
693/ s c
OaTS— Easy and quiet. Hilling are quotable at
85@90c ft ctl; lancy feed, 90@92%c fi ctl: good
to choice, 82%@90c: common to fair, 72%&
77% c; Gray, 80(i82%c; surprise, 95c®91 02W
CORN- Prices have not- changed for torn- time.
Large Yellow. BHB/ 4 @>9sc; small Kound do, 97% -
White, 77%@8i:%c ft ctl. »'^t«i.
RYE— 7-'%@76c ft ctl for old and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— Quiet at 86@95c ft cU.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOCR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 93 60@3 70 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, 93 40®
3 50; superfine, 92 76@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, 919 50@20'
Cracked Corn, 920 50@21 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; liraham Flour, 9l 10 •
Rye Flour, 2%c; Rice Flour. 534 c; Cornmeai'
92 10; extra cream do, 2*4 c: Oatmt-ai.92 90- Oat
Orottts. 3%c; Hominy, 9ii lO@3 30: Buckwheat
Flour. 93 10(33 30; Cracked Wheat. 2% c - Fa
rina, B%c: Whole Wheat Flour, 92 30; Rolled
Oats, 3%c; Pearl Barley, 3%c; Split Peas, 93 20-
Qreeu do, 94 10.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Weak at $13@14 for the best and 812
@13 50 '*• ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— « ton for lower grades
and 917@18 9 ton for the best. r
FErtDSTUFFS -Rolled Barley, 915@lf> 50: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, *21 9 ton: jobbing, .922.
■ HAY — Over 1000 tons came In yesterday. The
market Is depressed. Wheat quotable at 97010 »
ton; Wheat and Oat, 96 50@9; Oat, 96<$8; Barley. j
96@8; Htver Marlev. 94 60@5; Alfalfa, 95 50@
6 50; Clover. 96@7 50. . ■-".• .--,-■ -
-. BTRAW-80@40c ft bale.
BKANS AND SEEDS. ;
. BEAN'S- Are lower, with ; no business of any
consequence. Bayos quotable at 90@95c ft ctl:
Small Whites. 91&1 15; Pea, 91@1 20: . Large
Whites. 90c@91 07%: Pink, 70@80c: Keds. %\<&
1 15: Blackere,' 91 Is@l 40: Red Kidney, 90c;
Llmas. *8(g 2 40; Butters, 91@1 40. • r .'
1 SiiKDs— 'Brown Mus ard Is quotable at 81 50®
2 25 fi ctl; Trieste, %'i%: 60 » ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, 91 4001 60; Flax, 91 70®l 80; Canary, 23.ic
9 Ib: Alfalfa, 7i/ 2 @9i/ 2 c V Ib; Rape. 2i.,c ft ib;
Hemp, 3%c ft lb. •■■ ::,---- ■. ■ ■
DRIED PEAS-91 25@1 40* cU for X lies ana
$1 25@1 45 for Green. •
POTATOKB, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— market though low, Is less de
moralized. Garnet Chiles are quotable at 50©
65c: Early Rose, 25@40.-; BurbaDk Seedlings, 25@
40c V ctl for Rivers and 60c@$l for San Leandro;
Salinas Burbanks, 60ra8bc'$ ctl.
ONIONS-White, 35@40c: Red, unsalable.
; VEGETABLES — Cucumbers . are demoralized
and dealers are willing to sell small boxes, which
are In overstock, for the freight charges. Choice
Corn Is firm. River Tomatoes are higher. Green
Corn quotable at 60c@91 25 f> sk; Alameda Corn.
91 75@2 * crate: Berkeley Corn, 75c@91 25:
Summer Squash, 20@25c for Bay; Efcg Plain, 50@
lurge box : Tomato* s, 91@1 26 for Rivers and
2046.15 c for Vacavllle; « ucumbers in small boxes,
nominal; Alameda Cucumbers, .. 35@60<: i) box'
Asparagus. 9i@3 V box; Green Peppers, 40
@60c $ large box for Chile and 75c@>91 box
for Bell; Green Peas, 60c@91 f) sack for com
mon and 2@2%c V Ib for Garden: String Beans.
60c@91 V Bk for common and 2@2%c lor garden ■
Green Okra, 75c@91 $ box; Cabbage, 40c «4 ctl-
Carrots, 25@30c % sack : Garlic, 2@2%0 %i tb.
J BUTTER, CHIKSE AND .EGGS.
BUTTER— The advance seems to have checked
the demand and the market Is considerably quieter,
though firm.' ;
Crkamkbv— Fancy, 18%@19c; seconds. 16®
17% c 9 to. ..,.-,•••• ! : • ...j.  ;>-.. ■' .rr
•Dairy— Fancy, 16017 c: good to choice, 14iAfij
16V»c: low«r grades. 12i-2@13%c. .• , v: - ~
:■: CHEESE — Fancy mild new quotable at?iA@Bc:
common to good, 6@7c: : Creajn Cheddar,' 9@loc':
Young America, ■ B®9c %i ■ lb; ■Ay fcstem, ' lOwllc:
Eastern, ll@l3c. - . ■'' . . ... ~,,v; '■
: EGGS— Ranch Eggs ; have : again advanced . »nd
are very firm. Eastern, lt@lsViic; store Eggs, 10
tl2c9doz for poor and 1 15c for pool : ranch
, K«s, 16@19c, with sales at Me; Duck Eggs, 14@
15c ft doz. , .:••.- 't, 'o. ..-
P.OULTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Is dull and not materially changed.
Live Turkeys are. quotable at 13@15c . ?».. Ib
for Gobblers. 12@13c . * . ft) '.for" ? Hens: young
Turkeys, 17@19c: Geese. pair. 91; Goslings.
91@1 50; Ducks, 92 5003 50 9 doz for old and
92 60@4 50 for young: Hens. 93 50®5; Roosters,
young, 95@6: do, old. ?4@4 50: Fryers. 93 50@4-
Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and.9lSo®2 60 fox
small; Pigeons, ;91 25&1 60 %t dos for young and
old.
OAME-Nominai.
DECIDUOUS AND r CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— ' : .
Peaches ; are depressed and ."cheap, with large
stocks. Apricots are firm and Figs scarce. Choice
Plums are firm.
Red Nectarines. 60@76c: White, 38@50c * box.
PeachPs, 20@40c %l box, 25@40c » 1 basket and
9-0 f, ton." ■■ • • ~- 1 •.■...'■"■'.• «
Plums, 35@66c » box and 76@85c V crate;
jßpauese Plums, 81. Prunes, 75c@«l. .
Apples, 75c@91 25 * box for choice and 40@65c
for common.
Crabapplcß, 35©50c ■$, box. • ' - ; :;
Pears. 25(i*.'>0c 1? box; Bartletts, 40@75c * box
and 920 V ton. 
'•• Apricots, 25@>65c * box: . 930@32 50 * ton In '
bulk for the general run, with snles of poor at 926 ,
and of fancy at *35.
Figs. — 9 oox for single and 91@1 50 "$ box for
double layers.
- berries— strawberries are lower than ever De
fore In the history of the trade. .
Strawberries, 91@2 60 i* chest for Longworths
and 91 50@2 for lame berries.- '
Raspbernen, 92 sOf*3 f* chest.
Blackberries. 92@2 60 ft chest.
. Ctirrantsare about gone. •
_ URAPKs—Vacaville Sweetwaters and Fontaine
bleau, 35@60c, ft box and 60@75c ft crate. Ari
zona i. rapes are In poor condition and dull at 60c
«* crate for black and 50®65cfor white.
MELONS- Watermelons, 810@20 ft 100. Canta
loupes, 94@5 9 dozen.
CITRUs iTBUITS— Orang«s," 92 50@3 ft box for
vaiencias and 92@3 for Mediterranean Sweets and
tot. Michaels: Lemons, 91 50@2 60 for common
and 93@4 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, 98 *>
box; Bananas, 91@2 * bunch; Pineapples, 91@4
«•- dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
'It the general opinion that | new Prunes will
open at about 3%@4c for the four sizes-certalnly
no lower than these figures. There is a report of a
sale at 334 c. . . -
- New Apricots, 5%@6c V Ib In the sweat-box;
6Vi@6%c f. o. b., coast, and 5%@9%c San Fran
cisco.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Cabload Lots— Apples— l%@2c.^ ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4<j»4%e for evaporated :
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy: Fig* black. 2%c
forunpressea; White Figs, 4c in sacKs: Y ears, "c
for evaporated halves. 3%@6c "$ Ib for quarters:
old Prunes. 3%c: Plums, 3%c fl tb lor pitted and
1 1 /3@2c for unpltted: Nectarines, 3%@5c ft lb for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices — Evaporated Apples. 4@sc
ft Ib: sundried, l%@2c; Peaches. 3%@5c and 6c
tor fancy; peeled in boxes, 12i/ 3 c ft lb: old Prunes,
S%c for tour sizes, 4 V 3 c for 40" .1 and 50's and 4c for
60 r » and BO's; FUs, . black. 3%c V Ib; White
Figs, S@sc V lb: Pears, 8c ■$ Ib for evaporated
halves and 4<ij,7%c for quarters: Plums, 3%@4c
for pitted and l@l%c for unpttteat Nectarines,
4@sc f> Ib for prime to choice.
RAlsiN>_pri are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; S-crown,
loose, none: 2-crown, 2y c ft lb; seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c V- box; clusters. 91 35@1 50: Debesa clus
ters, 92 10@2 25: Imperial clusters, 92 60@2 75.
■ Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown, loose, none: 3
crown, none: 2-crown, 3%c ft Ib. heedless Sul
tanas, 4c %< Ib; seedless Muscatels. 3c; 3 crown
London layers. 75@90c: clusters, 91 60@l '75;
Dehesa clusters. 92 50: Imperial dusters. 92 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@ I
lie for No. 1 hurd and Il(ii;i3cft lb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6®7%c ft Ib for Lan
guedoc, 2i, J <*»e ft &> for hardshell ana B@loc
ft Ib for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 6®rt%c
•o.tt> for Eastern and for California: Hlck
j ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts, B®9e: Brazil Nuts, 7@Bc ft lb:
CocoanuU, »4 50@5 ft 100. .
HONEY-Comb, 10@12%c tor bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, s<£s%c:
light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark amber, 4@
4 Vic: dark. 2@3c * IN • -
BEES\VAX-25@27%C ft Ih.
IKO VISIONS.
California Lard Is lower. -" Hams are firm and
Bacon Is steady. ...
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6%c for
heavy, 71/oc %* lb for light medium. 9@9^c for
light, 10& lie for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern Suzar^nred Hams. 12@12%c:
California Hams, JO%@llc ft tb: Mess Beef, 97
@X; extra mess do, 98 sii(g,&: family do, 910; extra
prime Porn. 98@8 50; extra clear, 914 ft bbt;
mess. 912 50@13 ¥ bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c ft tb.
. LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at s Vic "^ tb
tor compound and 6 Vic for pure; palls, 7c ft Ib;
California tierces. 4 Vic for compound and 6%c- for
pure: hall-bbls, 6%c; 10-tb tins, 6Vic; do 6-tb.
6Vic^tt). • , •
COTTOLENE— S%@S%c In tierces and 6V4®
6%c « tb In 10-tt> tins. '.?.>,' \;
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quotable at 7@7%c ? &>; culls and brands,
6®6%c ft &>: medium. 6@, 6 Vic V Ib: culls and
brands, 5@5%c V Ib; light, 6c: culls and brand*,
«c: Cowhides, o<^6%c: culls and brands, 4®4%c;
sailed Kip, 5c > Ib; salted Calf, 7@Sc; salted Veal.
6c; ' dry Hides, iou.@llc: culls and brands, 83
BVic: dry Kip and .veal, B@9c: culls. 7 dry Calf, I
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20^36c eat..: Kids, 6c;
Deerskins, good summer, 26®30c; medium, 15@
25c; winter, 7@loc: sheepskius,shearliugs,lo@lsc
each; short wool. 20(&35c each: medium, 40®
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of all
kinds about %c less. • : r ■_■*'■■ •
TALLOW-xo. 1, - rendered, 3@SV4c; No. 3,
2%c: refined, 6%c: Grease. 2V4C ? lb. '
WOOL— Humboldt and Menduciuo. 10®llc?t Ib;
Valley Oregon, 10@llc $ lb: do lower grades, 8®
10c %4 Ib; Nevada, ti@BV<|C: San Joaquln and South
ern coast, six: months. 4®6c: San Joaquin, foot
hill, goo 1 to choice. 6%@7%c: San Joaqnln, year's
fleece, 4@5%c; norinein iree, 7@9c: do defec
tive. ."i(q,bi «c 't» Ib. . * ■■•■•■ . .
HOPS— elected and nominal at 2®4c ft Ib for
189b aod 6®7%c for 1896.
GENERAL ' MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 94 25; San
Quint in, 94 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 ©26V2C.
COAL— Wellington, 98 ?t ton; New Wellington,
98 $ ton: Sooth field Wellington, $7 50 9 ton;
Seattle, 95©5 60; Bryant. 95; Coos Bay, 94 60;
Wallst-nd. *7: Scotch. 97 50: Brvmbo, 97 60;
Cumberland, 911®] 2 In bulk and 913®14 in sks;
Pennsylvania- Anthracite Eg;.- 911 SJ; Welsh
Anthracite. : 98; . Canuel. 97 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate ' and Pleasant Valley, 97 60: CoKe.
?l l(o,l-.' In bulk and 913 ft ton in sks.
RlCE— Chinese mixed, 93 1 5@3 40: No. 1, 93 70
?3 80 Veil; extra No. 1, 91(3.4 25; Hawaiian,
i 37 1- ; Japan, 93 sv@a 95: Rangoon, in 100-
I bass. 98 10. ■
I SUGak— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 5%c: Fine Crushed, 6y 8 c; Dry Granu
lated, 6c; Confectioners' A. sc; Magnolia A,4Uc;
Extra C, 4%c; Golden C, 4s/ 8 c: half barrels, V4C
more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP— Golden, In bbls, loo; black Strap, 10c
»Kal. ■-, .- - -- '- - ■ ■
SAN FRANCISCO BLEAT MARKET.
A decline in bogs Is the only change. . Wholesale
rates for dressed stock from slaughterers are as
follows:
BEE First quality, 6c; second do, 4%®434c:
third do, 3%<s4c * lb. ..>.,
VEAL— Large, 4@6c; small, s®6c 9 Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, 5®6%c; Ewes, 4%@5c
V- tb. ' - . ... - - * ■;.. ■
LA.MB-s®6cD Ib.
POKK-Llve Hogs, 3Vi@3»/ 8 c »Ib for large and
3s/B@3»ic for small and medium: dressed do, 4%
@6c ft lb. • -..-•- . • .•
RECEIPTS OF PKODUCE.
fOR '-'4 HOtTRS.
Flour. qr. sks.... 3.3lo;Butter, ctls 181
Oregon 12,116K - heese. ctls 33
Wheat, ctls 3, 2 ls] Eggs, doz 4,320
Barley.ctls 14,778 Hides, no 264
oats, ctls 1,520 Pelts, bdls 75
Beans, sks 4 7 Wine, gals. 82.700
Corn, ctls vr,035 Wool, bis 21
Potatoes, sks.... 4,384 Oregon 179
Onions, sks siOfLumber, M feet.. 10
Middlingß, sks . 100 Tallow, ctls. 36
Bran, sks 1,829 Quicksilver, flsks 60
Hay, tons. 1.017 Lime, bbls 120
Btraw, tons 5
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
There are a good many changes this week.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are all dearer. ■ ' -
Poultry is rather cheaper. Meats, as usual, are
unchanged. j&gjffltegjEjß
Cantaloupes are added to the Fruit list. Figs are
very scarce, it being between crops. All Berries
are very cheap. , ; : ' .. ..'-
The Summer Vegetables, as ft rule, are lower.
Following is The • Call's ' regular weekly retail 1
price list: •■,. ,o, ; . -i ..;,■;-■■ ■ "■■ •
COAL— PKB TOW.
Cannel _ <» p5O pieasamVal 9SOAIOOO
Wellington. — <&10 00 Southfield
New Wei- 1 Wellington — ffl 950
lington.... —<81000 Scotch — <» 950
PeatUe 7 00® 7 50 1 Coos Bay... « 505 —
Castle Gate. 9 5O&10 00|
, '- : •• DAISY FBOOUCR. ETC. -
Butter, fancy,' %l ' V : Cheese, Eastern...
square. :....;..; .37® 40 Cheese, Swiss.. . 200130
do, f« roll.-..',-.;;. — (<u»s Common Ekks.. 12 %<£, 15
do. choice „ .;: -ftsSO Rauchli«BS*dz..'.aO(i«2s
Ordinary a 0........ — (A — Honey, comb, J p!b.l2ftsls
Cheese, Uai.... 10@12 do, extracted.:.. B<ij)l2
"-'. ' 11KATK — PKR POUN-I". - ' .
8ac0n............. 12®17 Pork, fre5h...., ...12@1 5
Beef, choice ;.;... 12@15 Pork, salt. ■.....-. . 10@12
- do, jcood.-.; .:.... 86.10 Pork Ch0p5. ...... 12@15
Corned Beef.... gS- Round.Steak..:... BWIO
Ham, Cal ...... 12%@15. Sirloin Steak. :.l2Va® —
"■' ' do, - Eastern . .-. i6@6o Porterhouse, do. . .17^20
Lard 12r<415 : Smoked 8eef...... — <&H 5
Mutton...... ; S<a)lC Pork Sausages.... — ®20
Lamb... ..10®— Vea1.. ..;.:.....:. .10^15
POULTRY; AND DAME. ,
Hens. each.. ... " 60® "65 Turkeys, * Ib~ I8fl» 20
Young Koost- • - -..*•'?' Ducks, each... 35® 60
.era, eacn 60® , 75, Geese. each.... 7551 00
Old Roosters, • •?* ! Pigeons, f> pr.. • 40® 50
each..:.-...... • 80( a ., 60 Rabbits, %i pr.. / 85® ' 40
Fryers, each... ■. ' 4o@ « 50 Hare, each.. ;"..- « l6® {20
Broilers, each.. 25& 35 '
■ . . , \ rBUITM ASt* sets. ' . :
Almonds, Ib .12®15 Nectarines; f» Yb... 5@ 6
Apricots, > 1b..... i& 6 Oranges, 9 doz 16«£>S5
Apples. ■$ lb. ■.....: 04<» 6 Pears, 1« tb.-;..;... 4@:5
Bananas. . $ do*. ..16(320 Peaches, ft Ib I itg, 6
Blackberries, drwr2o@2s Plums. $ !b. ...... 4m, 5
Cam a oupes, each.26&4o i Raisins, ~$ ft..:..".'. 64j)15
Currants, V- box.. .40& SO Raspberries. arwr.2U@L's
Cocoanuts. each... 10012 Strawoerrles,
Figs. *ft 16020 9 drawer........ 20® 25
Grapes, f» ft....... 6&10 Walnuts, %4 n>.....16® —
Lemons, 9 d0a..; .25@50 Watermelons, ech2o@2s
Limes, /£ d0».;....*1>@25| ,-. :..-. . .
' * linn i|i m
Asparagus, ft 1b... Lentils, $ E>....... 6® 8
Artichokes. '?doz..lO(sBol Lettuce, ft doz 15Y520
Beets, ft doz ....12@16Mr fat Squash.* lb -« -
Beans,whlU» i*lh.2%<3 s Green Okra, tt>..H'@l2
• Colored. « tb... 2 5! Onions, ? &.„.... 4® t»
Lima, * tb 4@ 6 Peppers, green, *n> SitflO
Cabbajce, each..'..: 56*10 Parsnips, ? noz. ...15@20
Cauliflowers, each. .5& 8 Potatoes, %l tt>..... 2& 3
Celery, %s bunch... 5® — IHadishes.'*dzbchs.lO<ai:i
Cress,«dzbanchs.'AK^2&|Sage, f> n>.:..V.'....2&®35
Cucumber, -*, doz.lO@l2Srner S-quash. t* lb 4@ 6
Ekjt Plant. 1b... 8 aio String Beans,* Bi. 4<a ft
Garlic, $ ft........ 5/a 6 ! Thyme, H 8>....'...20@30
Green Peas, ft &>.. 4$ 6 Turnips, * d0z.. ..15(320
Green Corn. $ dozlag 30 ' Tomatoes, * fit..*.. . 6«a> 8
. k - FISH— PKR POtTNDI ■ *
Barracuda.. ........10(»12|5had;.. :...;..;..... B@lo
Carp:..; —@ -Sea Bass ......... — « -
Codfish -«oi6 5me1t5. ...'..... .....ie<& —
Flounders..... 10« a — 501e5.. .;..'......... 10®12
Halibut 10<ai2!Skates. each....... IO@IU
Herring. ......... —@ -Sturgeon —to —
Kingfish. ...... -«6— Tomcod ....;.. 15® —
Mackerel .......... 16(»20!Clamv 9 pa 1....::. -©15
do, H0r5e......;.. -<$ -'Do. hardshell, : *
Perch... 1 ........:... lOfeft—! 100 ....50® —
Pompano ..'.:. 854&50 Crabs, each ........ 12@15
Rocknsh . lnais Do. softsbetl, V dz.25@35
Salmon, smoked.. — Mussels, V qrt.....10@15
Salmon, fresh ...:.. 12©] 5 Oysters, Cal, 100.4,0® —
Shrimps ...... JjfalO Do. Eastern, ft di.25<SUO
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstooks were considerably stronger yes
terday, and nearly all sold a few cents better than
on Thursday. Po'.osl sold up to 91 06, Con. Cal. ft
Va. to 91 76, Ophir to 91 06, and so on.
Con. Imperial is assessed la
The Central Gaslight Company will pay a quar
terly dividend of 91 per share In August.
The California Cotton Mills Company will pay a
quarterly dividend of 91 per share on August 1.
After selling all the bullion received from the
recent run of the Morgan mill and paying all ex
penses for the month of June, the Con. Cal. A Va.
Company entered July with a cash balance of
about 928,000. In tbe mine they continue to
flood the old stopes on the 1650 level, where fire
and gas exist.
The bullion yield of the Savage from May 24 to
June 26 was as follows: Gold, 99228 12; silver,
922,908 42: total. 932.136 64: discount on silver,
911.221 26: net cash received, 920,915 28; tons of
ore milled, 1080: yield per ton. gross, 929 75:
yield per ton, net, 919 86: car samples average
per ton, 947 25: battery samples average per ton,
937 76; percentage obtained, 78.82 per cent of tbe
average battery assay.
Interest will be due and payable on the bonds of
the following local corporations in August: Cali
fornia-street Cable Company, quarterly, 5 per cent
per annum: Edison Light and Power Company,
quarterly, 6 per cent; Pacific Roiling Mill Com
pany, quarterly. 6 per cent, and Spring Valley
Water Company, quarterly, 4 per cent.
lIOAUU >AlKj.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
XKSITLAR MORN-tVO SKMrOV mVV«V!I«4 '•:T'.
50 Alpha 16200 Cha11ne...45 100 Ophlr 94
100 A1ia..... 09ft60Ch0rL...1.75 60 ...... .....93
300 81cher....39 200 CCA V.. 1.63 20'J Potoii... 95
200 BodU 49,200 O <t C......64 300 ....94
100 Bullion.. .17 200 HAN. .1.10 200 Savae ....63
100 Caled 14 400 0ccidt1....66 200 YJao^e(..4o
ATTKB!fOO>r BKadiosr— 1:1 X •
600 Alpha 16 100 Chour.... 1.90 100 Mono 18
300 Alta. ...... 09, 400 ....... 1.95 400 Ocdd 68
300 Andes 30 350 CC*V.. . 1.70'50i) Ophlr. .. 1.06
700 33 100 ...;... 1.76 100..... 1.00
400 34 16 ...;..^..1.60 600Ovrmn 22
200 ....... 35 100 C0n11.... 1.26 300 P0t0a1.,1.05
200 B A 8....67 500 C Point.. .45 200 Bar. 70
100 ....68 100 ..'...44 600 ;..... 69
200 80d1e..~.60 100 Exchqr....Os 200 Sec 8et.. .14
300 ....52 5200 G&C....6U1300 .......... .15
200 8u11i0n.. .19 200 ............68 tOO NeT 59
200 Bulwer...V9|4oo HAN... 1.20 200 Uni0n. ...47
300 Cha11ng...55 350 Mxcn 59 100 Utah .....09
250 ... 330 ............57100 V Jackt...4s
100 67| 60 68J100 : 44
I Following were the tales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '.;
HM.rnn .vmrny- T»:Ti.
400 A1Dba.....14'2n0 CCV. ... 1.60; 900 0ph1r. ....94
200 Alta. ..08 300 ..........1.70 400 .98
300 Ande5.... 29!300 1.67% 500 0vrmn....20
400 Beicner...42 150 Conn.. .1.. 6 20!) P0t0»i....94
200 .40 260 1.22% 300 97
300 BAB 53 100 ........;1.25 400 99
500 55400 CrwnPt...42.»00 98
200 8u11i0n.... 17 500 :..;.. '.43.800 5av....^ .63
300 Caieda.... 13:300 Exchqr....Os 1000 Scorplono6
400 Ch11nge... 47*200 UAC 64 500 58& M.....13
600:.;;.. 50 500 ...... ....'.. 65 300 5»v....;.67
300 ....^. 5! 200 HAN ..1.10.500 S Hill 02
200 ........;.~49200 ....1%500 ...:........O3
400Chllar.. 1»4 100 ...... 1.13300 Onion C...44
300 1.77% !W0 Justice.. ..Oß 300 Ctab...;_o9
400 1.83 300 Kentck....oB 50W V JaOKM.,39
300 ........ ...17/g 600 Mexn 58 300 ..V..i.....41
600 Con 1m ....0 J. 400 Occd :..... 66 .•• >
?.' s ' \~ At TKBXOON BKS8IOW— ?: '. . :
300 Alpha 14300 Challge... 57 200 Occldtl.... 67
200 16100 C1iuir. ..1.85 100 0ph1r.. ...99
200 Alta 08 50 ..........1%'600 1.00
300 -. OS 400 ...._.:;. 1.901100 ... 1.06
100 Andes. ...3l 400 1.95 400 Overman. 2l
400 ..„.. 35 300 CCV.... 1.70 500 .....22
200 Belcher .'.44soo 1.72%,460 Potosi..l.oo
350 BAB 65 160 Conn.... 1.25 800 1.02%
400... : 1200 Con 1m.. 02 400 Save 67
200 57 300 C Point 4 3 MX) 69
100 Bodle 400 .U....4* 500 Scorpion. .o7
200 .: 50 500 Excnqr...o6 500 SB A 11... 13
100 56800 UAC 69 200 si Nv...... 68
200 .58 450 HAJN...I.IS 300 Union.. .-..45
200 8u11i0n. ..19 100 ..1.22V» 600 ..'..:;...:. 46
100 8u1ner.... 30 400 Kentck....oB'loo Uiah...:.:io
200 Cha11ge... 49 300 M ex .•.;.;'. 58-200 V Jcku. .44
300 ...... 61 100 Mono.-.;:.20{300 .:.;;:_..:. 45
100.. ,.».......5L'j200 0ccd.;. 70*300 ...........46
200 58300 ........ V.;6B|^ .
CLOhlNli QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, July 24-4 r. k.
Bid.AtkeA.\ .'. : Btd-Atked.
Alpha Con. ... 14 15 Julia.. ' . . — 10
A1ta...... 08 09, Justice. .:...*.-;- 04 06
Andes. 33 S4Kentuck. .. 07 ' 08
Belcher ;.- 43 46 l.ady Wash.... — «5
Best. Belcher ;57 ' 68 Mexican z.... 67 *• 69
Bodie 68 tfOMono.."- ■ 19 20
I Bullion 19 21 Nevada Queen. 03 —
j 8u1wer.. ....... .- 27 'JB North GAC■ 07 —
Caledonia. 14 16 Occidental.... 68 69
Chollar .......:1.90 1.95|0ph1r....'.;....;1.00 1.05
Con.CalAVn. . .1.70 1.75 Overman.. . 21 -22
Challenge Con. : 66 . 68 Potosl ....... 1.00 1.1*6
Con. Imperial. 01 ; Savage ;...... B8 -70
Confidence. ... 1.25. 1.30 Scorpion 05 06
Con New York. — o«|Seg. Belcher... '16 .16
Crown Point... 45 4Bi!svndicate ..... — ■05
EastSlerraNev — 04 silver Hi 11. .. 02 08
! Eureka Con... — 25 sierra Nevada. 58 '60
1 Exchequer.... 04 05 Union C0n.;..... 46 48
uoula & Curry. 67 69 Utah 07 09
! Norcrs.l.ls I.2o' yellow Jacket. 45 48
i Jackson 25 —;: *
. STOCK AND BOND I EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. July 24-2 p. l*.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ." '...
■ Sid. Atked. ' . Bid. Asked.
U 8 4s c0up.. 106»4107i/ U 8 «■ reg... • — - lo7:< A
Do new lssuelOS^, — , . , . .
: ; ; MISCELLANEOUS HOMtH
Cal-»tCbtess. - 1101,4! Pac Roll MBs. _ _'
Cal£lecLBs — 123 Do 2d Is 6s. .— ' '-."••
CntraCWßs — 94 iP*Oßy6*. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp 95 — P<fcch Ky6s ' — 116
Eclsn 1.4P65119 ' — Pwl-st RRBs. — 116%
F«CHRR6s. - 105% Reno, Wl&Ii - 106 ■
Ueary-slß&s. — 107% Sacto PAL. — 10*%
; LosAn? L — 99 |SF<fcNPR ss. — 89
DoGnteedBs — Va'SPßß Arizes — — j:
MktrstCble6sl2o 12*2% SPRRCaI 6s. — 110%'
DoßyConss..lo4 105 |SPKRCaI 6s. — —T •
-Nat Ist 98 - jSPBrRCaIBs. ' - 99%
NevCNgß7s. tt» 105 SVWater6s..llB%UoT
N P.C RR6*. - 108 SVWater4s.. 98% B»iA
NRy Cal 6s.lO«^,lUl%lBtktnG<Sß«9 - 100 -
NRy Gal 6s. — • 100 ISunstT<fcT6s. — —
Oak Gas 55. . 102 - suter-tiRSs. 109%i;0
Do2dJs6s.. — 106 iVlsallaWCti* - -
Omuibas M.117, H9l4' : ' :
WAT KB STOCK*' .' * -
Contra Costa — SO iSanJose... t—l'- >?'_■-. -'•
Mann C 0.... 50 - |Sprng Vallar »6% 96%
CAS STOCKS. : - .
Capital;...... 10 -26% Paclnc Light 49 -50'-
Central.. 95 — San Krancsco 90% 91 '
Oak G L &tx 51% 52 Stockton.. ... - 20 '
PacQaslmp. 82% 83% ; J ;■—;•*' '•■■■'■
' INSURANCJC STOCKS. .
Flr*man'sKdl6V% — |Bun...' 35 .60
' V COMMKRCIAL BANK STOCKS- '. ■ ,
Amer B&TC. — — ' .London PA A. 125 130
Anplo-Ca1...... 618,4' — London«tsF. ■ — 27%
BankotCal.. — 235 Merch Ex.. 12 —
cai D&TCo 53% .-■•' i.Nevada — . —
First Nut loul. — 187% Sather B Co. - —
Grangers;.... — — ) • - <• ...»
' BAVISOS BANK HOCK* -
OerSAIA:o:lS00 I860! Pa v* Loan.. — 100
HurubSAL.lloo 1450 . Security 236 276
Mutual ...... . — 40 . Union Trust. TOO - —
bFSavUniou — 485 | : . ,> :( . ... .'
_ ".' , ",*'■ , STBKBT i BAII,HOAD'«TOCK^.I i.'V
California.... 108 * - |OakßL«fcHay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 55 ' Presidio r "7- : • RJA
Market-*.... ; 42*/ a 42%Suiter-st - — - .1
' •• . ' I'OWUJIK STOCKS.' * K^iHl
Atlantic D... 15 . — Giant (on. 16 20
Kastern'D... 70 — Jttdson it ... — - .—- >'
Calltorma.... 70 — VJicorlt. /,.-.,— 90c 1
■ii :i'L\ »i. 1 MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. ■ . --' '.
Alaska' Pkrs. " 91% — iNat VI Co. . — _
BlkDCoalCo. ■— • 10 Oceanic SSCo '. —'. 22
CalCot Mills /-.■*■/ - Pac Anx ¥ A 1. _
CalDry Dock — . — Pac Bonn Co. 9b 100
KdisonLlghtll4a4llB»/i!Pacßoll3tm _ _ I .
Gascon Assn. — - |Parf PalniCo ~6% 7%
GerLeadCo." 85 — iPacTransCo. — 2*
HawC&SCo.. l«Vs'l7 Pac TAT Co. :10 80 ',:,
Hutch PCo 181/4 18% Sunset X*T. 41 - "
MerKzAssD.loo »10 'United C Uo. — •25 '
\ ' W Klac Light •;•■ 3% - 4%: •■ ■: ;\ ';i i. : < ...
.>* * •'.'■' BALKS— MOK.N..V* assaioV' - :
- Board— v r T *'WMWW*iiiWBBWBBIMPW|MH
25 Hawaiian Commercial. 15 50
; r 60 Uo ••.; do .....-..".. ~... ;;..'.:.::.-.:• 16 75 :
,-25-* do-,: do ....•.....•.-.....;..".:;:../ 15 87%
26 Uutcblnson 8 P Co. . . .V..V;.:r..V^; ' 17 76
200 Market-st Rail way... r..-. :.„... 4U M
■50 'do'- ■d0.»5.....T...M:'..'..'..7.'..:. "42 33
A 5O Oakland Gas ....•...:■.-...;;.•....:.■.. : 5175
.' 6 SFGasliKht....:. .;...-..■.•....'....:...' »o:62Vi
30 do do .........,..,......;..:. 80 75^* i
55 8 V Water 96 62%
■--' street— ■ ."-"'.":■ •■
92000 Northern R'y of Cal 6V Bonds..'.. 101 00
. 6 Pacific Lighting .....;....:.......:.. 49 75
SAX.XS — AFTERNOON bkssios.
Board— ; .:'■■'
10 Edison Light A Power C 0... 115 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial ...:. 16 00
; 5 Markei-st Railway ....^...... . i 42 50
20 Pacific Gas 1mp...... 82 75
1* do do 82 87%
:Js\' do do 83 00
10 8 F Gaslight.. 90 50..
22 SV Water......... 96 76 I
s■• Street— '- ' "■-■■ ' ■ '; • ■■ ■ ■ ' . -
60 Market-st Railway '...... 42 60
50 Oakland Gas 5176
.5 SF Gaslight " 90 75
• 35 SV Water/.. 96 62%
100 do do .:.. :......... 96 75
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frances Anita Baldwin to James S. Angns. lot
on 8 line of Filbert slreet, 165 E of Devisadero, E
65 by s 137:6: 910.
E. S. M. Judson (by E. A. McDonald) to Annie
Li. Osborn, lot on N Une of Clay street, 6 E of
Walnut, E 30:10 by N 127:81/4: 94160.
rocker Estate Company to Isabella Fraser, lot
o 1 W line of Shrader street, 35 Sof Waller, S
35 by 106:3: f 10.
Jerome Donovan and Michael Cooney (executors
of the estate of Catherine Donovan) to Ellen Ney
land, lot on E line of Natoma street, 105 X of
Fifteenth, N 25 by E 75: 92000.
Ferdinand L. Van Demark and Christina Van
Demark to Augustus C. Widber, lot on W line of
Castro street, 21:4 -S of Elizabeth, N 21:3 by W
80; flO.
Joseph Kosenthal to Rudolf Kleeberg. lot on SW
corner of Post and William streets, W 30 by 8
137:6: also all Interest in the estate of Jacob
Rosenthal, deceased: 910.
William and Harriet Axford to C. and Lydia B.
Sadler, lot on E line of Vermont street, 125 8 of
Twenty-fourth (Sonoma), S 100 by E 100: 910.
Estrella C. Lies (wife of Eugene) to William Ro
malne, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 200 S of
California street, S 100 by X 120; 910.
William and Isabella £1. Romalne to Minnie
Armstrong, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 260 8
Of California street, 8 50 by E 120; 910.
Jacob and Liua Heyman to David Whitson and
Frank H. Harris, lot on S line of J street, 82:6 £
of Twenty-eighth avenue, E 25 by 8 100; 910.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
Lizzie S. Wright to Charles H. Hopkins, lot on E
lineofJPine street, 100:4% N of Goes, E 105:7%, N
to S line of Division street. W to E Une of Pine
street, S 86:83* to beginning, being lots 21, 22 and
23 and portion of lot 26, block 30, Oakland Point
Ferry Landing: 910.
Horace C, D. E., John B. and Ida D. Watson
and Ida M., wife of Charles Williams, t<> Nellie P.,
wife of A. G. Snetslnger, lots 5 to 10, being por
tion of Watson property; gift.
Jennie R. and Morris Lobner (by commissioner)
to William Dollard, lot on NE line of East Ninth
street, 100 SE of Third avenue, SE 60 by NE 100,
block 7, Clinton. East Oakland; 92600.
J. F. Havens and Mary E. Ponton (executrices
estate of Matbelde L. Havens etal., by commis
sioner) to Julius Helmboid, lot on N corner of
Ninth avenue and East Twenty-third street, NW
100 by NE 150, being portion S quarter of double
block 144, Clinton, East Oakland; 95627.
Henry C. and Alwlne Stoltlng to Frank Levasler,
lot on NE line of Veita street, 164:4 SE of Central
avenue, SE 50 by NE 108. being lots 7 and 8,
map of sub lots 12, 13 29 and 30, Klngsland
Tract, Brooklyn Township 926.
Isabel Tobin to James H Young, lot on SE cor
ner of Buena Vista avenue and Willow street, E
100 by S 105:2, being the N 105:2 feet of lots 17
and is, block 18, lauds adjacent to Encrnal, Ala
meda; $100.
M. E. Smithson to Jeanie D. East and Joanna
Barnett, lot on N Une of Thirty-second street,
116.96 W of Grove, W 215, N to a point. E 215.80
to a point 6.91 from N sine of Thirty second street,
S 6.91 to beginning, being portion of block 2042,
Rowland Tract, Oakland: 910.
Margaret S. Johnston (wife of Alexander) to D.
G. Campbell, lot on SE corner of Alameda avenue
and Union street. E 49 by S 150, being the W 49
feet lots 6, 7 aod 8. block 5. Amended Map Bart
let t Tract, Alameda; 910.
Builders' Contract*.
John and Louise Sanderson with M. A. Stewart,
to erect a five- roomed cottage on corner of Twenty
ttrst and Hampshire streets, 91272; no architect.
Claun Schroedfcr with A. G. Johnson, to erect a
two-story frame building on E line of Gough
street, 56:3s of Fulton, 92963: J. E. Kraft archi
tect.
W. H. George with Mnrcuse A Remit el, to erect
a two-story frame building on W line of Capp
street, 136 S of Twenty-third, 92565; architects
contractors.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
July, 1896.
Su.|Mo.|Tu.l W.JTH.I Fr.| Bm. l Moon's Phwes
In. W.ITH.I IT.! tta.l Moon's Phases f
5 8
1 2 , ' * ; /TSiiMt Quarter.
: : July 2.
7 8 9 10 111 —
"■' I jA. New Moon.
14 15 18 17 18 |5 July 10 -
-"~ ! ~ /^\Flißt Quarter
21 »2 23 24 25 \J) July 17.
12
12 13
|
18 i 20
26
27
28 [2930 |81 ® Fun J%?&\
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francldco.
6TKAHRK | IiKSTI.N A TIi >N. j
RAIL*.
| PI KB.
l«r»uu.... NiwMrt |Juiy2& Pa m Pier 11
Del Son* UnnHtrDor Julv','7. 4fii ..........
Columbia... Portland ...... JuIy27.IUAM Pier 24
Cmaillla.... Vie 4 t»« end July 2& Bam! Pier 3
Corona San Diego. . . . . Jul.v2B.llam i Her 11
Weeott..... Eel River July.'S. Bpm Pier IS
Kunol... Grays Harbor. July2K.l2 n Pier a
raraiion... J aanlzia -Bar.. July 2B. Oam Pier i
Empire Urecon ports. . Juli.-JS. in i Pier 13
Pomona I Miimt>oi<UJUar Juiy-'h. xru i Pier '
City Sydney ; Panama Ju1y29,12 m|P M.SS
Enralca .... Rawoors .'..... July3o. Sam Plerll
China... China <fc Japn. JulySO, 3fm PM 8 8
Orizaba. Mexic0........ July.ll. i Pier 11
Arac0. ...... Coo* war JulySl.lOAM Pier 13
State of CaL P0rt1and....... auk 1.10 am ! Pier 24
santa Rona. San Diego...; .|Aug I.llam Pior II
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
KITBAKKR
From
| Jjirn
Vonol .......... Grays nart>or
Orizaba...'..'... : Mexico— •.■..". .....'.;
San Bent to Tacoma. .
Cr«tc«ai cur... Crescent %Mr m ... «
C0r0na;.;......: San uiearo.. .............
Wteou. e>l Kiver
Tarallon ....... Taanlna t»ay ...........
Empire.......... Portland .................
rotnonm. Homooiai jßtr.
EnreKa... ...... Newp0rt..........
Anstralla....'..:. Honolulu
city of PaeMa.. Victoria * JPa««t tioaao
Mexic0. ......... Portland..;
Araeo .......... Coos 8ay. .....■..•....■...;
C1e0ne.......... Crescent City...:
luiti kom» . ... van Ditto..
M0n0wat........ Sydney .■..:..■.....■..;....
8e1ize......;.... China and Japan...
San Bias V. Panama
Xt Paul ......... Newport. ................
Areata ........ Portland
North Fore.... Knmboidtßay ..........
Columola '.;.-:.'.) I Portland ...........
..July2s
..July 26
„ July 25
..July 26
..July L' 6
..July 2d
..July 2H
..July2«
..July 27
.July -'8
..July 28
..July 29
..Julv29
..July 29
..July 29
..July SO
..July 30
..July 31
..July 31
am 1
.:Agg.l
..Aus 1
■ i*ng 3
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. *• COAUT AND OKODXTIO STTRV»T TtO»'>
-' ! - Bn,Lirri!» PrBLisHED by Official ' >
-. AUTHORITY. Or TUB SCPKKIXTKKDKKT. }
Saturdnv, July 25.
SunrtsM 6.06; Moon rises B.olpm
Son seu.~. 7.26 Moon sets
July-1896.
I Time Feet Time' Fwt Ttme Feet Time Fert
; : L - W HW ! L W ■H W
'.S>. tt.iSi— l.l; 1.00 570 ti. j6
|H Wl \. W H W
16 0.06 5.8 6.8» -0.6 2.03
17 0.62 5.4 7.24 —0.1 *.9i
18 1.38 4.9 7.57 0.8 2.58
19 2.-26 4.4 8.27 1.2 3.25
10 328 3.8 8.61 1.7 5.61
11 4.39 8.5 9.14 2.3 ■»!•
3.1 i
6.3 7.03 2.8
5.2 7.62 2.7
5." H. 42 2.4
5.1 9.8« 2.2
5.1 10.28| 1.9
6.2 11.20! 1.8
Not*— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and tbe successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the thtrd
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractiva
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydboobaphic Offick, U. S. N., ■»
■ . • Merchants' Kxchanok. • V
san Francisco. July 34. 1898. J
The time ' ball on Telegraph HIII was drooped
exactly at noon to-day-t. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridiau. or exactly at 8 jr. v., Greenwich time,
■'.' . A. F. Fkchtelkb, .
Lieutenant V. •<. N. in ch»nr». '.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
FRIDAY, July 24.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, 41 hours from Port
Los Anzeles: ballast, to Chas Nelson.
Btmr Columbia, Bolies. S-.'s^ hours fm Portland,
via Astoria 41% hours: produce. toOIU N Co.
Stmr St Paul, ureen, 70 noun from Nowport, eic
pass and mdse, to Ooodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 60 bourn from Victoria;
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
I IStmr Navarro, Hardwick, 28 hours from Eureka:
31 5 Mit lumber, to Gray & Mitchell.
Stmr Del None. Stockfleth, 70 hours from Grays
Harbor: pass and lumber, to E X Wood Lum
ber Co.
Br bart Kllmallie, Kalfour. 155 days from Ant
werp; mdsp, to W & Grace & Co.
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen, 6% days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber
Co.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetsel. 3 days from Collins
Landing: 70 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr American Girl, Weitskat, 15 days from
Port Blakeley: lumber, to Renton. Holmes A Co.
Schr Christina Steffens, Nordling, 4% days from
Walshs Landing: 70 eds wood, to R A Gllbride A
Co.
Schr Bobolink, Nelson, 9tt boors from Mendo
clno; 210 M ft lumber, to Mecdocino Lumber Co.
Schr Sparrow, Clement, 6 days from Eureia;
I lumber, to J R Hanlfy.
Cleared.
' - . ' '■■■■■: . v FRIDAY.' July 24.
Br stmr Progressist, Pinkbam, Nanalmo: R.
, Dunsmuir <fc Sons. V __ '_' ,
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles
Doran, Eureka: GoodaU, Perkins
& Co. ■ ' •
Brshfp Verajean, MorrelL Queenstown; O W
McNear.
:•••■■ ' ' " ' Sailed.
. . I', ' FRIDAY, July 34.
. Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
' Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cras.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
stmr Arago, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Projrreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld. Tacoma.
Stmr Bonita, Downing. Port Harford. etc.
Brstmr Progressist. Pinkham, Nanaimo.
Br ship Trie Hahnemann, rCewson, Hull.
Schr C T Hill, Rud baclc. -'5 ; -- •:
bchr Halcyon, Mel lin, Portland.
lelegraplile.
POINT LOBOB. Jnlv 24— p. it— Weather
foggy: wind SW; velocity. 14 miles,
- Charters. ...
The schr Anna loads mdse for Kodlak; scbr
Maggie C Buss, mdse for Champerico and Aca
jutla. . - - .
' The Br bark Carleton loads wheat for Brisbane,
22s 6d.
Miscellaneous.
In yesterday's arrivals . the Br ship Ventura's
consignees should have read cargo to R Dunsmulr
& Sons, and the ship to H M Newhall A Co.
QUEENSTOWN, July 23— Br ship Dundonald,
previously reported as leaking badly, has fore com
partment, full of water. ■■''.. . !•;
Uomestlo Port*.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 24— Stmr Mexico, hno
Jnly a 2
Sailed July 24-Stmr Empire, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Arrived July 24— dtmr Point
Arena, hence July 23. ■ ■
PORT GAMBLE— July Bark Forest
Queen, hence June 27. — ■ -. ■ - . -
NEW WHATCOM— SaiIed July 24— Bark Ger
manla, for San Francisco. ,
FORT BRAGG— Arrive* July 24— Stmr Caspar
hence July 23: stmr Albion, hence July 23.
IVKRSKNB LANDING- Arrived July 24— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence July 16.- ' " ' •
ALBION— July 23— Schr 8 Danlelson,
hence July 18. '• ■
YAQUINA BAY— Sailed July Btmr Faral
lon, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 24— Stmr Pasadena, for
San Pedro: schr Lottie Carson, for San Diego.
Arrived July 24— Schr Jessie Minor, hence July
15.
SOUTH BEND- Arrived July 24— Bark Aureola
hence June 24. ■ . •
TATOOSH— Passed July 24— Ship John A Brings
hence June 24, for Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Arrived July . 24— Schr Gotoma,
hence July 11. ■ -=-- . ■ '■
Sailed July 34— Schr Gem, for San Francisco.
KNAPPTON— Arrived July 20— Schr Melanc
thon, hence June 28.
VENTtJRA-Sailed July 24— Bark Enoch Tal
bot. for San Francisco.
PORT TO WNBENJU— Arrived July 24— Bark
Forest Queen, from Port Gamble. -
I GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived July 24— Schr Mary
and Ida,' hence July 11; schr Fanny Adele, from
San Pedro. • ,
Sailed July 24— Scbr Orion, for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived July Stmr Albion, from
Fort Bragg. .-■.-.. .
POINT ARENA— sailed JuUr 24— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco. •
Foreign ' Port*. '
VLADIVOSTOCK — Arrived July Bark
Wllna, hence May 8. ■ .
\ BIRKENHEAD— July 22— ship Re
liance, hence Mar 22. ■ • • ■ .
■ ENSENADA-Sailed July 23— Stair Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
c A LET a DC EN A— Arrived June 9— Br ship
Androsa, from Valparaiso.
VALPARAISO— baIIed July 14— Br ship Lathom
for San Francisco. :•■
IQUIQUE-Salled May 25— Ger ship Magallene*.
for Pore. Angeles.
Movements of Tran«- Atlantis SSe»-a«r«.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 24-3tmr Palatia,
from i Hamburg; stmr Lucanfa, from Liverpool
and Queenstown; stmr Adriatic, from Liverpool
and Queenstown. ■
Sailed July 24— Stmr State of Nebraska, for
Glasgow. . .. .;
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out July 24— Stmr
Campania. . :. ■■. ■
, Genoa— Arrived out July 24-9tmr Ems.
HAMBURG— Arrived out July 24— Stmr Au
gusta Victoria. •
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 24-Stmr Nor
mannla. for New York. - ■ •
'. ' BREMEBHAVEN— SaiIed July Stmr Bonn
for New York. • ■ ' "
NAPLES— sailed July : 24— 8tmr Werra, for
New York.
Importation*. '
VICTORIA— Per Umatilla-1 bdl skins, 2 cs
wine, 3 pkgs mdse. «, >. . '->.-:■. .
Killisnoo— 2soo sks guano. : - ' "'.
fcsltka— 3 pkgs mdse, 2 bdls deerskins.
PortTownsend— l Hk coin. ' .. 
Juneau-Va bbl salmon bellies.
Sumdum— l pkg gold bullion, 162 sks 2 bxs con-
rates. . - - - • ■' :•■ •
GN R R via Seattle— l bx books, 2cs canned
goods, 21 pugs mdse.
Seattle— 2 pkgs cloaks. Ibz transmitters, Ibx
metal cords, 1 bbl -beer, 1 bx sash patterns, 1 bbl
coffee, 1 lot household furniture, 4 pkgs express, 1
bicycle, 2' sks. con. 1046 tons coal, 3 cs saws. 9
chests tea, 2 bxs wire mattresses. 371 bals hides,
42 bxs fish, 18 bbls'hork, 62 cs meat, 12 pkga
mdse. 200 sks oats, 3 cs boots and shoes.
N PB B via Tacoma— 1 cs hardware. 1 bx cof
fee. -.-.■
Tacoma west of Fargo— loo sks wool. '-'478 sks
flour, 6 bxs garlic seed, 285 sks flax, 610 sks wheat.
Tacoma— l cs shoes, 1 . molding machine, 1 t>x
fixtures, 2 pkgs canvas, 69 bdls 3 bales 4 sks old
rope, 20 bbls tallow.' 2900 sks bran. 4 cs 1 bx tele
phone material, 'i bxs rollers, 10 pkgs mdse, .127
sks bones. 400 bars bullion.
Anacortes— 3 bxs type, 1 pkg mdse, 100 sks
asbestos. - .
Everett— 2o pes lumber, 1400 bars bullion, 360
bdls shoots, 237 bdls 238 rolls paper.
. . New Whatcom— l67 Ddls hides. 1 pkg express, 1
pkg hides. 1 bx lemon extract, 1 bx soap, 1 bx cod
fish. '1 pkgs pictures, 130 bdls broom handles, 1
■k coin.: ..•
From foreign ports— 39 bdls hides, 28 bis wool,
18 cs accordions. 10 cs harmonicas.
ri'KR via Vancouver— 4oo cs condensed milk,
60 bbls oil. 4 bxd pianos, 6 cs hams, 2 bxs muiic,
1 bxd organ, 13 bdls sinks. 1 bbl mdse. 47 cs to
bacco, 12 cs underwear, 5 cs caps. 32 cs dry goods.
24 cs hats. 5 is crease. 71 cs cigar -ties. 2 bxa
drugs, 368 cs boots and shoes," 1 bx perfumes, Ica
shirts, 6cs wax, 6 bbls axle grease. ■ ■
Vancouver— lo4 bdls hides and skins, 1 bx elec
trical fixtures. •'<••■--•-.- -
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del None— 3 bis carpet.
335 M ft lumber, 1 pkg castings, HO bdls shook*.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia
-1668 gunnies 4056 sks flour, 179 sks wool. 72 pkgs
hides, pelts and skins. 1210 pkgs 550 bdls paper.
259 bdls wheat bags, 120 bdls grain bags, 8b bdls
burlap, 258 sks oysters.- 982 bdls shoots, 2361 c*
salmon, 500 cs oysters, 39 bdls hoops, 811 bdU
staves, 61 bdls barrel heads, 325 cs crackers. 50
bdis vain, - ; ,■*.-.■•..
NEWPORT— Per St' Paul— l4s2 sks corn, 133
bxs lemons, 27 bxs oranges, 69 sks peanuts, 27 sks
dried fruit, 3 pkgs mdse. ■• ,-•-•.
.Los Angeles via Ban' Pedro— sks rubber hose,
15 pkgs mdse, 28 Dkgs agricultural implements, 1
cs drugs. 14 us axle grease, 6 bdls mops. .
San Pedro— 2 pkgs rock specimens.
Hoeneme — leseggs. - -~
' Ventura— l44 bdls hides and skins, 7 pigs mdse.
19 sks seaweed, 2 \ bxs glass, 4 sks walnuts 248
bxs lemons, 17 sks beans, 2 bxs starch. 160 sks
corn. ■ ■ -.• . .■ ■ • , ••■■•-,-■ • • ,-'
. : Gaviota— l2 sks crawfish, 3 bxs fish.
' ' Santa Barbara— 27 s<cs crawfish. 189 bxs lemons,
2 bxs nsh, 1 pkg castings. 1 gas engine. •
; Carpentaria — 20 sks crawfish-
Monterey— ll7 bdls hides and pelts.
Port Harford— J/a bbl brandy, 1 tub 13 bxs butter,
lies eggs, 9 bxs fish, 1 coop poultry, 2602 sks
blrley. 1487 sks oats.
Cayucos— 2 bdls pelts and bides. 3 dressed calves,
4 cs eggs. 2 coops chickens, 1 " bbl tallow, 2 .bxs
seed. 1 pke mdse, 10 bales seaweed, 2 tubs 21 bxs
butter. .- -.■-••■■• . -_ • .-
San Simeon— 6 tubs 23 bxs butter, 4cs eggs, Ics
peaches, 1 coop chlctcens, 1 pkg mdse, 10 bales
seaweed, 1 bx green fruit. .
. .. •• ■.• . • <'oiuljn««i. ■■■'-■ "■-■' ;-.V.
Per St Paul— H Dutard: Gould A Jandin: Mina
ker 4 Welbanks: Gray 4 Barblert; Frederlckson
<fc Jacobson: McDonough&Runyon: Dalton Bros:
J H Cain 4 Co; \V C Price * Co: J A Allen: Chan
Jacobsen; Goodyear Rubber Co: D M Osborne 4
Co: Haas. Baruch 4 Co: Hodge B 4 Co; Herman
Waldeck; Langley 4 Michaels: De Bernard! 4 Co:
M Kalish 4 Co; Dairymen's Union: M L Dyer: W
GLowry&Co: Wl«>l«nd Brewing Co; A Paladtnt:
CaohapH Bros: Redington 4 Co; G Camllloni 4 Co:
J Ivaucovlch & Co: Lev! Spiegel 4 Co; Mllanl * Co;
Wetmore Bros; 'Wm Cluff 4 Co: American Union
Fish Co: : D E Allison 4 Co: Buss, Sanders 4 Co:
Cal Bottling Co: FBHaigbt; HIllsBros: Pacific
Const. Fish Co: A Levy Co; H Heckman&Co;
Amer Caro'Acid Gas Co; Wheaton, Brton & Co:
Hllmer, Bredboff 4 Slnsheimerßros; SP
Milling Co: J P Thomas: Marshall 4 Keimmers:
American .Type Foundry; Braunschweiger 4 Co:
W BBumner4 Co: OB Smith & Co: J Hoffman:
C E Whitney 4 Co: Cox Seed and Plant Co; Jones
4 Co; Dodge. Sweeney <& Co: B. Klrchmann <£ Co;
Chas Montgomery 4. Co; Bisslnger 4 Co; F. Uri &
Co: Getz Bros <fcCo: Standard Oil Co: F Turner:
Western Meat Co: KowsUsky A Co. •' - '-"
- Per Columbia-Otis. McAllister 4 Co: Standard
Biscuit Co; MPDetels: C J Leist 4 Co: Meyer,
Wilson it Co; Moore, Ferguson <fc Co : CS Moeer;
F Hillens&Co; W C Price & Co; WC Price* Co:
Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: TUlmann & Bendel;
Frank Zee: Blsslneer&Co; a P Taylor Son; A
P Smith; M E A Wagner: Fosarty <fe Parker: Chat
Carlse"; Zech Paper Co; Portland Cracker Co; 8
Koshlaud: MB.Moraghan: Morgan Oyster Co; G
W Mi-Near: Allen & Lewis: Darbee & Immel; Pao
Asphalt Co: Sussman, Wornser&Co; Allen 4
Per Del Norte-E X Wood Lumber Co; Weaton
Basket Mfg Co: Langley A Michaels, r -
Per Uniatilla— W B Sumner4 Co; Thos Day A
Co; s Buckingham, Hecht* Co: SH Frank 4 Co;
American Tobacco Co: Cahn, Mckelsburg&Co; O
I* Downing; Murphy, Grant Co; Tatum 4 Bon
ers- P Berioni A Bros: Triest 4 Co: Crane 4 Co;
Sherman, Clay 4 Co: W P Fuller* Co: 'Johnson-
Loclce .Mercantile Co: L D Stone 4 Co: ; The Harry
UnnaCo: L Keldman 4 Co ; Tillmann * Bendel;
Main 4 Winchester: Bisslnger 4 Co: Owl Drag Co;
Kuhler* Chase: Wells. Fargo* Co: Pacific Coast
Asbestos Co: EH*arl; Amer Press Assn: D F
Lehlgh; G McKeuzie; Sel by Smelting and Lead
Co; W G Richardson: Harley 4 Co: Stockton
Lumber Co: Union Box Co; W G Richardson A L
Bryan Shoe Co: Amer Carb Acid Gas Go; Louts
Miller; « D Graham; Geo Morrow Co; Pacific
Bone Fertilizing Co; G Sangueaetti; A Repsoid 4
Co: Sunset Telephone '■. and Telegraph Co; Thomas
Wutson: V P Adams: W H Morrill; a H Price-
C J Leist 4 Co; X J Bowen; U W Howard; : H W
Higglus 4 Co; J Everding * Co: : Kittle 4 Co- ■ J E
Phare; Mm torn 4 Moore: A Schilling 4 Co;' E B
Grace: J C Bauer 4 Co; Bernard Mattress Co- Pac
Saw Mfjr Co; Wheaton. Breon 4 Co: Braunswei^er
4 Co; Thomas Lougbran: Getz Bros * Co- Geo R
Hansborn; Frank 4 Co; American Union Fish Co-
Frederlcksburg Brewery; Wleland Brewing Co- X
Oliver Milan! * Co; Sawyer Tanning Co- B Farley
Maconiry 4 Co: : Oregon Imp Co-. Allen 4 Lewis;
Cal 4 Nev Creamery Co; Bancroft. Whitney 4 Co-
FG Bakerwells; • Duff 4 Co; W G Hinton- ; W H
Fayson California Wire Works; W H Payaon; " X
Oliver; Ross EcharduSECRETLY WEDDED
AT HAYWARDS.
Two Couples From Across
the Bay Anxious to
Avoid Notoriety.
OAKLAND IS PASSED BY.
Rev. R. E. Wetfk Suddenly Be
comes Popular With Youth
ful Lovers.
A LITTLE MISS WAS REFUSED.
Her Childish Face Did Not Agree
With tbe Age on the
Licenss.
Oakland Otfice San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 24. (
The many young couples who come to
this county from San Francisco to enter
Rev. R E. Wenk ot Haywards, Who Has Recently Performed Several Secret
Weddings for San Francisco Couples.
into the married state with as little pub- j
Jicity as possible have ceased stopping in
Oakland and have recently made Hay
wards their destination.
The reason for this is described by the
marriage-license clerk as being tde objec
tions raised by the hasty couples to the
publication of events they prefer should
be kept secret. Several couples have re
cently hurried from the County Clerk's
office to the electric-cars, and have been
whirled out to Haywards, where they
have been accommodated.
gThe clergyman who is being continually
pressed into service is Rev. R. E. Went,
pastor of tbe Presbyterian church of Hay- i
wards. His fame has already traveled i
across the bay and whenever a euspicious
looking young couple aiight from the cars
and ask for Mr. Wenk t'.;ey at once became
objects of supreme interest.
Rev. R. E. Wenk is very inquisitive and ;
absolutely refuse? to unite anybody who
does not impress him that they are of the
required ase. He sent one couple away
because the little miss appeared to him to ■
be about ibur years younger than the age j
set forth on her marriage license.
Yesterday was a busy day. In the mora
ine Herbert S. Bradley, a young man from '■
Fan Francisco, called on the pastor. He
was accompanied by Misa Nevada Bran
nan when he entered the study and about
ten minutes later Mr. and Mrs. Bradley !
emerged therefrom and took their honey
moon on the electric c*r. Before doing so,
however, they asked the minister not to
tell the reporters and probably their
friends do not yet know of that ride to
Haywards.
Mr. and Mrs. Bradley had not gone very
far before another couple arrived, also '
irom San Francisco. They were very
fashionably dressed and were nervous.
The groom was Oscar W. Seaton and his
bride was Miss Ida S. Patterson. A few
minutes later Mr. and Mrs. Seaton also
look their honeymoon trip on an electric
car and wen the bay.
From a story told by one of the conduc
tors on the electric road it appears that
tbe new exodus of lovers to Haywards was
brought about in a very funny way. A
young man across the bay received a free
ticket from tne company good for one
round trip on their cars as an advertise
ment. He decided to use the ticket and
took a young lady to enjoy the scenery
with him. "Just for fun" they thought
it would be nice to get married on this
side of the bay, and they were married^
and their doing so was noised abroad and
their example was followed. It has been
followed many times aad will be imitated
many more.
AFRAID OF THE POLLTAX.
Why Many Poor People Are Not
Registering for the Com
ing Election.
County Clerk Jordan and His Deputies
Make No Effort to Col
lect It.
Oaklahd Orncß Baic Fbakctsco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 34. j
At the office of the County Clerk there
is a great rush in registration, and the
deputies are kept busy until late at night
handling the mass of affidavits presented.
The indications now are that the registra
tion this year will show the largest list of
bona-fide voters ever registered in the
county. In fact the large registration is
B urprising those who have had to do with
registration in former years.
"I am surprised," said Mr. Jordan to
day, "at the way people are registering
this year. Men who have never been
registered, this year are anxious that their
names be enrolled. Again, too, it is
astonishing how many young men just
coming of age are registering for their
first vote. I attribute the large registra
tion to tbe fact that those whom I have
appointed throughout the county as depu
i ties have taken the greatest and most
active interest in seeing that alt their
neighbors are put on the register. As a
matter of fact I nave a feeling of pride in
the matter and am anxious in the closing
days of registration between now and the
9th day of August to get every man in the
county who is entitled to vote on tbe
register in time.
•"One thing that I am sorry to?say is
that there are, many poor men in the
county who are under the impression that
if they register that they will have to pay
a polltax. I have endeavored all along to
get that out cf the minds of the voters
tnat ihe County Clerk collects or has any
thing to'dowith the collecting of poll
taxes. Every man in tne county should
register, and no man will ever be troubled
about his polllax, as far as I am con
cerned. All they have to do is to rind out
where the nearest deputy lives or come to
this office any time between 9 a. m. and 9
P. Jt. and they will be put on the register
without *ay expense and with the least
possible inconvenience."
To Kseape Taxation.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 24.— A. A. Moore
Jr., Deputy District Attorney, is preparing
an pnswer to the cases of the Oakland,
Alameda and Piedmont Electric Railway
against the county for tbe purpose of re
training possession of the taxes paid by
the company on last year's assessment.
The company set up that the franchises
were not separately listed and that the
name was given wrongly. Tbe District
> i Attorney denies that they can escape taxa
[ i tion on such points.
DR. WENDTE HOME AGAIN
Rev. Father Yorke Has Straight
ened Out the Father Clarke
Matter.
The Unitarian Eivine Gives His
Opinion on tbe Bg Money Fight
to Come Up in November.
Oaklaijd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 21. f
Rev. Dr. C. W. Wendte has returned
from his wedding tour, and states that he
has an idea of leaving his Oakland pas
torate.
A few weeks ago Rev. Father Clarke
made some remarks about Dr. Wendte
that created much comment. Regarding
this circumstance he said: "I had a very
nice letter from Father Yorke before I
went East apologizing for tbe slurs of
Father Clarke, and stating that upon the
tirst occasion which presented itself
Father Yorke would publicly square
things, h> to speak. This I see he has
done. I answered his communication and
thanked him for his offer. With regard
to Clarke, this is not the first time he has
attached me. It has occurred several
times already, and you cannot tell what,
he might say.
"I do not tbink these religious contro
versies do any good whatever, but instead
injure religion in general and cause hard
feelings. Then the other side has not
been inclined to deal gentlemanly wi.th
the matter altogether. I tbink we have,
and I do not desire to again enter into any
discussion whatever ou tbe subject unless
it can be friendly and all these ungallant
personalities eliminated. I am not through
with it yet, though I do not intend to t>e a
party to any more controversies. I may
take" the matter up again this winter,
though in a different form. I have several
new tacts and pnases oi the question, and
when I have time I believe I shall use
them_
"Our principal sojourn w»s in Boston,
where I tilled the pulpit of the Rev. M. J.
Savage in Unity Church. There I opoke
seven or eight times to large congrega
tions.
"I noticed that telegrams have been
sent over tbe country announcing my in
. tention to accept a call to tbe church," but
: the only truth in tbe statement is that Mr.
■ Savage, who is a warm personal friend of
; mine, said he would like me to be bis suc
cessor after be accepted his call to New
; York. This he has done, but I have do
I intention of taking the church, for I prefer
my own parish and my sphere of useful
ness in California."
Speaking on tbe political conditions of
the country, Dr. Wendte said: "It is quite
a curiosity to see a silver man again. It
may seem strange, but during my entire
trip East I did not run across one ex
-1 ponent of silver anywhere and I was
; around a great deal. It is gold so far as
! tbe East is concerned. Coming out West
\ the silverites are more plentiful. In the
I Middle Western Statea they are well rep
i resented and there will be tbe battle. I
! firmly believe if the question were put to
a vote to-day, that silver would win out
However, we are going to see a great strug
gle between the £ast and tbe West."
Identified as M. L. Sherry.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 24.— The un
known remains found in the estuary yes
terday morning have beer- identified! as
j those of Michel L. Sherry, father of Officer
j Jobn J. Sherry. He was a carpenter by
occupation, and started for San Francisco
Tuesday mormne and was not seen after
i ward until found in tbe water.
He was a native of Canada, 60 years of
, age, having lived here nineteen yean. He
! leaves a winow and five children. One of
i the daugnters was recently married to
i Deputy fcheriff Will White.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
TALESMAN LIPKA
WAS APPROACHED
Harry Inwali Told Him
How He Might Make
Money.
THE GOLD-BRICK CASES
Sensational Story Told in the
Jur-yßox of Judge Greene's
Court.
WORK FOE THE GRAND JURY.
Andrew Root, On: of the Alleged
Swindlers, Is Absent and Bonds
men Are Anxicus.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 24. f
"Do you know Harry In wall?" Tnis
question was asked all the talesman this
more ing while ihe District Attorney was
getting a jury in the gold-brick case.
Everybody wondered what connection
existed between Harry Inwali and the
go!d-brick swindlers. It was not till
E. M. Lipka was under examination that
curiosity was gratified.
"Do you know Harry Inwali?" asked
Mr. Snook.
"I do," said Lipka.
"Have you had any conversation with
him in regard to this case?"
Mr. Lipka hesitated a moment, every
body leaned forward and Judge Greene
straightened up in his chair.
"Yes, sir; I have," said Lipka.
"Harry Inwal! came into my store this
morning and spoke of tnis case. 1 told
him not to say anything more about it, for
I was on the regular panel and mijjht have
to serve on the case. He replied, 'Oh, well,
there is not much down there — only |2 a
day. If you are called I'll see you again.'
I said, 'All right; I'll see you later. 1 "
Here Judce Greene asked : "Do you not
think that you did wrong in replying in
that way?"
Lipka thought he did, but the District
Attoraev let the Judge into the facts by
asking Mr. Lipka if it was not a fact that
he had notified the proper authorities at
once, and received a reply in the affirma
tive. Judge Greene then sail: "Well,
toat puts another aspect upon the case."
Mr. Lipka was seen to-night at his store
on Broadway and said: "I nave not told
all by any means. I do not want to do
Mr. Inwali any harm if I can help it. He
should have known oetter than to ap
proach me as he did. I told him that he
would get into trouble, but he insisted and
kept right on. Inwall was watched and
I reported promptly to the District Attor
ney's office, for I nave since learned that
he was seen to enter here. He nor no
other man can br.be me in this or any
other case. He saiJ that Gordan did not
have any money, but his friends intended
to see him through and that 1 might get
a little of it as well as any one else."
Attorney Emil Nusbaumer, who has
charge of the defence, was very indignant
to-night. "I suppose Inwali was prepar
ing to fix one juror and then come to us
and get a good stake," be said. "This is
not the first lime Inwall's name has been
connected with juries and if guilty he de
serves severe punishment."
Andrew Root, whom the police arrested
and held as a partner of Gordan's, in r ,the
robbing of Banker Little of Dixon of
17500. was to be present at the opening of
(Jordan's trial to-day, but he failed to put
in his appearance, jno one appeared to
know where Root was, so his absence
caused some apprehension to the attor
neys and bondsmen.
He is out on $5000 bonds, his sureties be
ing H. C. Babcock of Temescal and Mrs.
Annie Bebon of Berkeley. At his former
trial he only escaped conviction by the
votes of M. j. Acton of Berkeley and Jobn
Gelder of Lorin.
There was a suspicion in the officer's
mind that an attempt was to be made to
tamper with the jury, hence a close watch
was set upon Harry Inwali, who was sus
pected, and his every move has been
watched by the police.
Root's attorneys said to-night that the
defendant's case is set for next Tuesday
and that he will be on hand at that time.
THEY WANT PROTECTION,
Berkeley Merchants Awaiting a
Decision as to the Licensing
of Outsiders.
Wilkie.Rhorer Opera Company Plays
to a Crowded House— Brief
News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 24.— The ques
tion of licensing outside merchants who
desire to do business fn Berkeley has again
come np for discussion in commercial
circles. The local Merchants' Protective
Association is- awaiting from the East re
ports regarding a Supreme Court decision
which will vitally affect the question of
licensing merchants and peddlers doing
business elsewhere, but who desire to
establish themselves here. According to
reports received by the association the
ruling in question maKes the license laws
of Oakland and Alameda unconstitutional.
The association is desirous of protecting
merchants from the competition of strang
ers, and it it proposed to petition the
Town Board to puss a law imposing a
license which would be practically pro
hibitory upon the solicitors' wagons sent
out by many Oakland firm?, of which
about twenty now visit Berkeley regu
larly. It is asserted, however, that a
recent Supreme Court decision in such a
ca;*e declared that a license law framed
on such principles is invalid. President
Gilihan of the Protective Association is
awaiting further reports regarding the
ruling from the correspondent in the East.
If it should be found that the law stands
as reported the nigh license agitation
would doubtless be dropped and the asso
ciation, which will hold its next meeting
on Monday nignt, will give consideration
to other matters.
The discovery believed to have been
made by tbe Berkeley association wouid
not affect Berkeley* license ordinance
but would have direct application to the
laws now in force in Oakland and Ala
meda. both of which towns impose abeavv
tax upon wagons from other communi
ties sent thither to solicit orders and de
liver goods.
Children Cannot Ride Free.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 24.— The at
tempt made by the school authorities a
abort time ago to secure free transportation
over the Southern Pacific local for the
members of the eighth grade of the Kel
logg School to the Lorin School, in order
that the crowded condition of the former
might be in a measure mitigated, having
met with failure, an effort was made to se
cure free passage over the line of the Oak
land Consolidated Street Railway line,
but this effort has also come to naught,
and so now the principal has to resign
himseif to the original condition of super
vising overcrowded schools, unless some
other arrangements can be made for the
accommodation of the overflow.
"Wilkie-Khorer Opera.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 24.— The
Wilkie-Rhorer Amateur Opera Company
played "Tbe Bendit Prince" to a crowded
house to-night at Shattuck Hall. Sidney
Rhorer, who is one of Berkeley's best
known young men, and through whose
efforts the company was organized, took
the house down by his clever performing
and high-class singing. Miss • Dorothy
Goodsell. a well-known Oakland ameer,
won much applause. ; - - -
The opera was given in three acts; was
comic and romantic and partook much of
the nature of a melodrama. . .
The Sew Fire Chief.
BERKELEY, Cau, July James
Kenneyof the Columbia Fire Company
was nominated the Fire Chief at the fire
convention held this evening. P. J.
Keane of Peralta Company was his lead
ing opponent. There were fifty-five dele
gates present. »7v^-
Interesting • Items. :
BERKELEY, Cal, July 24.— Elaborate
preparations have be?n made by the newly
organized West Berkeley Athletic Club for
their dancing party to be held at Sisterna
Hall to-morrow evening. .- .-
Mrs. William Keith of Berkeley has
been appointed by the State Suffrage. So
ciety to arrange for a date and place of
meeting for a conference of colored voters
in the college town.
Rev. W. D. Crabbe, formerly pastor of
Trinity Methodist Church, and during
whose pastorate the present church build
ing was erected, will preach next Sunday
morning and evening in Dr. Bentley's
pulpit. ■ • ■•■■■■
Professor Cornelius B. Bradley of the
department of English at the State Uni
versity, returned to-day from an extended
outing in the McCloud River district.
The wedding of Walter McEntee of
Berkeley and Miss Annie Mullen of San
Francisco has been announced for next
Monday evening.
, George Tale, ■who broke jail yesterday at
West Berkeley, was rearrested later in the
day, and this morning was sentenced by
Judge Lord to thirty days for vagrancy.
He will have a charge- of jail- breaking
brought against him when his present
term has been served. - "
The three Sunday-schools of West Berke
ley are making arrangements for., a re
union picnic to be held next week some
time at some point on the narrow-gauge
railway.
Local supporters of the People's party
will hold a meeting to-morrow evening to
organize for campaign purposes.
The wedding of Frank Xaylor and Miss
Olive Squires, both of Berkeley, will take
place at 5 o'clock next Tuesday afternoon.
The public schools of Berkeley will re
open on Monday, August 3. '
DEPARTURE OF C. F. TRUE
The Deposed Principal Left for
Honolulu by the
Mariposa.
The Governor Has Returned the
Resignation of Lieutenant-Com
mander Louis H. Turner.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 24.— C. F. True
left Alameda last night for Honolulu per
steamship Maripusa. Before leaving he
stated that the agitation to reinstate him
and know the reasons for his removal by
the Board of Education Lad been aban
doned at his request, as he never enter
tained any hope of relief in this direction.
He was quite content to rest his record on
the indorsement of 95 per cent of tbe pa
trons of the school as ascertained by a
personal canvass.
A Returned Resignation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 24.— The resig
nation of Louis H. Turner as lieutenant
commander of the Naval Battalion of the
National Guards has been returned to him
by Governor BudJ, the trouble in the
battalion having been brought to an end
by the resignation of the lieutenant com
manding the first gun division. Dr. Cecil
C. Dennis, the well-known oarsman, is one
of the candidates for tnis vacancy.
Sunday .Entertainment*.
ALAMEDA. Cal., July 24.— 0n Sunday
evening at Hurmonie Hall tbere will be a
benefit tendered to Mrs. Laura Marks, the
farce-comedy "Der Wahre Jacob" being
the attraction.
The Vereirj Germania will also hold a
social time at their hall on Lincoln
avenue.
A Qntet Wedding.
ADAMEDA, Cal., July 24.— Andrew E.
Coffee and Miss Annie Petry, daughter of
Jonn Petry, the well-known blacksmith on
Stanton street, were united in marriage
last night in tbe German Lutheran Church
by the Rev. H. E. J. Ongerth.
At the Macdonough Theater.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 24.— The sale of
tickets for the Charles Cook benefit of next
luesday night shows the interest mani
fested by the public in this first-class
entertainment.
On Thursday evening, July 30, there will
be quite a musicai event at the Mac
donougii Theater, under the management
of Friedlaniier, Gottiob & Co., in the pro
duction of Balie's beautiful opera "Sata
nella," which is to be presented in mag
niticerit style by the Dohrmann Opera
Company. Rehearsals have been goingjon
for some time past, and it is predicted that
the production will excel any ever given of
this beautiful opera on the Pacific Coast.
The chorus will number fifty, there will be
& picked orchestra of twenty musicians,
and among the principals there are such
well-known names as Kate Krieg, who is j
said to possess a remarkable voice.«nd is '
an excellent actress, Miss Lulu Ward, Miss
Anita Peters, Miss Carrie yon Seiberlich,
Arthur Mestuer, Frank Vallerga, A. S. |
Rhorer, J. Witt, A. Leach and the excel
lent barytone, C. A. Dean. The scenery |
will be a special feature, aud is now being
painted and got up at the Macdonough
Theater. Strictly popular prices will pie
vail, and the sale of seats commences on
Monday morning, July 27, at 9 o'clock.
Honored by Comrades.
OAKLAND, Cal., Juiy 24.— The funeral
of the late Captain Enoch 8. Talbot, the
pioneer master mariner who died last
Tuesday, was held from the Tenth-avenue
Baptist' Church, of which he was an hon
ored member, Rev. C. M. Hill officiating.
Short services Were held at the house
with only the farnilv and pallbearers
present, after which the services at the
1 eh arch were held. The floral pieces were
numerous and beautifnl. The singing
1 was conducted by O. M. Vesper, witn a
I quartet composed of Mrs. Kemfkev-Hen
! derson, Miss Grace Patterson and Mestrs.
i Taylor and Rallinge.
The pallbearers were partly old seafaring
men, while others were members of the
church. They were Captains Birming
ham, Lubbock and Phillips and Messrs.
Davis, Baird and Main waring.
Objection Made.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 24.--. T. J. Raver,
one of the creditors of A. J. Foster, who
recently started a patrol sy«tem and failed
at the end of tne tirst montn, objects to
his discharge in insolvency. He claims
Foster nas fraudulently concealed a por
tion of his property and has not kept
proper book accounts.
The Haywards Line Sued.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 24.— Johu Jchn
§on, one of the victims of the Hay wards
electric line smasnup on the Twelfth
street dam May 20. has sued that com
pany for $10,000 damages. He says he was
a carpenter and joiner earning |70 per
month and owing to the accident he sus
tained seven-eights disability for life.
TOMMY ROBERTS
TALKS POPULISM,
Mass-Meeting That Lasted
All Day and Part of
the Night.
JUDGE GIBSON'S COUCH.
He Demanded Comfort and Was
Thought Too Aristocratic to
Go to St. Louis.
KAJOR WATERS ON 'PRSSSION.
A Lull Censed by the March of the
Army and Navy Republican
LeagU3.
Oakland Office Sak Fkancifoo Call,)
908 Broadway, July 24. f
The Populists commenced to hold a
A GROUP OF OAKLAND POPULISTS.
mass-meeting on Broadway to-day. It
began as soon as the San Francisco news
papers arrived, which is about 4 o'clock
a. X., and it was still in session when the
electric lights went ont at midnight.
Tbe orators are as numerous as the dif
ferent kinds of Populism that are im
plicitly beiieved in on this side of the bay.
There is a populism a la A. A. Bretz, an
other a la Thomas Roberta, others of J.
B. Randolph, Judge Gibson. Major Waters,
Auctioneer Rosenberg, AdnaA. Dennison
and many minor forms of doctrine as
numerous as the individual parts of the
large audience. In fact every one advo
cated a doctrine of his own, and fre
quently a dozen of them at one time. Re
form meant one thing to one man and
ninety-nine other things to the rest of the
hundred people who composed one sec
tion of the crowd.
Mayor Davie, Sf-erift White, County
Superintendent of Schools Garlick and
County Treasurer Sanford have no particu
lar kind of Popnlistic doctrine to discuss.
They ail have fat offices and since they
received their first salary warrant they
alone know how they stand— the Populist
rank and tile have not been enlightened as
to how a Popnlist feels in office. Thomas
Robert*, the energetic little leader of the
last strike, is somewhat fearful of the
effects of office-holding on tbe average
Populist. He seems to think that big
salaries and little to do are detrimental to
disciples of the truth, but he declined to
go into details.
Mr. Roberts was one of tbe first
speakers. "I have been taught to believe
and do believe," said Tommy, "that Popu
lism is a doctrine of principles. Oar
greatest principle is the free coinage of
silver, and if we indorse Bryan we shall
certainly get it. What do you think an
Oakland Populist said to me this morn
ing? He said, 'Ir we go for Bryan what
shall we get?' I told him we should get
i what we are fighting for— silver coinage at
16 to I— our great principle. 'Principle be
hoisted downward,' he said, 'how about
j the offices ?'
"Now, here comes Judge Gibson. He j
ought to have been a National delegate.
He would have been if he could have slept
in a cheap bed. When the Alameda dele
gation went to Sacramento they were all
huddled together in close quarters and the
Judge objected. He hustled around and
found a comfortable bed in a hotel all by
himself. The other fellows said he was
too aristocratic for a Populist, and al
though tbe most influential roan in the
connty, they sent somebody else.
"Then there is old man Rosenberg. He
has done tbe cause of reform a lot of
harm. He has got up on the City Hall j
steps night after nignt and during the
day, too, when he could get a crowd, and
has called everybody asses who didn't
think as he thinks, and he never thinks at
all. He is talking all tbe time and doesn't
get time to think."
At this point in his discourse Adna A.
Dennison stepped forward. Adna is a
silver man first, a Bryan man next, a can
didate for Supervisor next, a candidate for
anything else next, and then a Ponuiist.
Before he had lairly commenced Major
Waters appeared, and as he is over 7 feet
tall his appearance is very apparent.
'Now look here," said the major,
whote ebony features reflected the noon
day sun. "Yon folks is alius talkin'
'bout the Democrats and 'Publicans. You
say dey 'press yon. Why shouldn't dey?
Ain't you white folks 'pressing us all de
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
time? Why shouldn't you be 'pressed ;
some?" And, having delivered himself, :
the major'? head was seen moving about ,
in the crowd, which cheered and laughed.
J. B. Randolph, a prominent Populist
attorney, bolted to-day. He did not bolt
his party, but he forsook his own particu- '
lar form of carry doctrine that he advo- i
catcd two days ago. Wednesday Mr. Ran
dolph was proclaimirg with a loud voice
that the Populists had converted the Dem- i
ocrats. To-day he published a statement j
that the Democratic whale bxd swallowed i
the Populist Jonah. It don't matter a great
deal which way Mr. Randolph thinks on
November 4, by which time, being a man
of pasts, ho will probably be rejoicing
with the nation over the election of the !
advocate of protection.
An interesting incident occurred last !
night. There was a large gathering of |
Populists on the corner of Ninth and !
Broadway, when a procession approached. \
At its heud wasa bfcnner. Aait approached j
the crowd saw the words: "Our Fight —
BiU McKinley and McKiniey Bill." Then :
there was silence for a couple of rninutes^ |
as the Army nnd Navy Republican League
passed by. The veterans marched splend- i
idly and presented such a fine appearance
that the crowd was silent out of respect.
Many of the men on the Bidewalk were
veterans, and with them politics paled
before reminiscences of the '60's, when the
new party was not known.
Struck by an Engine. , '- - .
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 24.— Daniel Fer
guson, T?ho was struck by an engine or the
Sevemh-btreet local at Oak street on Feb
ruary 26 has sued the Southern Pacific!
Company for $50,000 damages. He alleges!
that the engine was running over twenty!
miles an hour and that it threw him forty-l
two feet when it struck him. He received!
injuries resulting in permanent spinall
disease and locomotor ataxia. Owing to
this bis bodily health and vigor, has been
reduced seven-eignta from a normal stan
dard. He claims further that there was
no proper lookout from the engine and
negligence on the part of the company's
agents. ______________ • • '
JOE'S DEBUT.
The Eccentric Bornean Will To-Day
Make Hia First Bow to a San
Frwncisco Audience.
Joe Storms, native of Borneo, aged 3
years, arrived from Portland the early
part ot the week and will make his first
bow *to a San Francisco audience at the
Chutes this afternoon.
Joe is an or.ing-outan?, and since the
demise of the late Mr. Crowley of Central
Park, New York, has been the only one of
his species in the United States.
He is possessed of many marvelous ac
complishments and eats and drinks like
a human being, but with a degree of ele
gance not always displayed by the supe
rior animal. He is fond of wearing clothes
and handles a pen and ink or pencil with
"Joe" Writing Home.
great ease. To be sure the characters that
he makes do not convey much signifi
cance, but he writes with an earnestness
that means much.
Tne "wild man of Borneo" is as gentle
as a child and has a most affectionate dis
position. He is extremely sensitive, and
when lauE!;ed at unduly hursts into tears.
Mass-Meet fnp for Young Men.
To-morrow afternoon the service at the
Young Men's Christian Association building,
Mason and Ellis streets, will be addressed by
Rev. J. B. Orr, pastor of the Park Congrega
tional Church. Mr. Orr has selecied the
unique text. "The Covering Narrower Than He
Can Wrap Himsel; In Jt." The service wijl
commence promptly at 3 o'clock and will be
exclusively lor young men.
Changed I*is Name
Judge Hebbard yesterJay granted Oscar
Lagerstrom permission to change his name to
Oscar N«wlin. ; '•.'/'■'
. Newlin claims that Lagerstrom is too long
and difficult a name to be carried through life.
He is a member of a number of societies under
the name of. Newlin and so desired to have
that made his legal cognomen. '. .:. -:
« — ■+ — ~»
A Mother's --orrow.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 24.— The report
i this morning's papers of tbe shooting
of Clare Abbott, the son of Mrs. 8. M. Ab
bott, at Roseviile Junction, caused bis
friends mtfch sorrow at his home to-day,
as weil as among his friends.
When seen to-day his mother said that
Clare had been unable to get work here
and had started oat to linrt something at
which to make a living. She was jjrieved
over ihe calamity, but an early dispatch
stating that lie would recover brought
comfort to her.
A Change of Plans.
OAKLAND. Oil., July 24.— City As
sessor Snow has made the assessments of
the railroad franchises under a special
division under the general heading of real
property. County Assesssor Dalton as
sessed them as personal property. Tnis
change is made bVcsuse in a suit brought
! by i lie railroads affected they assert that
i the tax on their franchises is contained in
i the real property assessment, hence the
J other is void.
Waives All Bight to Appeal.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 24.— Mrs. Fred
; Stuart Adams Ims tiled a si ate men t that
| she waives all right to appeal and to move
i for a new trial of the cause in which her
I marriage is annulled. She is reported to
have received $5000 to relinquish her right,
'title and interest in her husband, whom
j she married at Martinez. This last action
; is taken as an indication that the case
was compromised and a decree entered ao
cordinsly.
Federation of Trades Officers.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 24.— The Ala
meda County Federatioaof Trades, num
bering all oi the trades and labor unions
of the city, with a membership aggrega
ting 6000 members, held an election of offi
cers last evening. It resulted in the selec
tion of C. D. Rogers, president; E. de
| Camp, vice-president; and M. A. Roberts,
secretary ana treasurer.
Will Sue for Damages.
OAKLAND, Cat., Julv24.— J. E. Holt of
San Jose, who had his foot crushed at the
Sixteenth-street depot recently, is at the
Russ House in this city as a result of the
accident. He says he will sue the South
ern Pacific Company for $10,000 damages.
H. M. Stanley, the explorer, says that
certain portions of Africa will always be
worthless on account of the ravages of the
grasshoppers. In one instance he saw a
coiumn of young erasshoppers, ten miles
broad by thirty lone, marching down a
a valley, and when the grass was fired
aeninst them they were thick enough to
smother the flames.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OOPaNIP PO DAYS TO
It CAN 11/ 0.5. LU. B a ununiliill
HAWAII. SAMOA. lW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Hjt »*
AUSTRALIA. %J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. & AU-TKAiit A for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. August 4' a: 10 A.--M.- - Special party.rates.
S. 8. . MOXOWAI sals via HONOLULU and
A UCKLANI) for SVDNEY. Thursday, August 20.
at 2p. Jt ,r-. ; . -.- ;-'
LinetoCOOLGARDIE.Aust, and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. --_-_■ .. -' . '
J D. SI'KECKELS 4 BRO3. CO., Agents,
. - .>= 114 .Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market Bt- San Franclsca
O. I=L. <*3 IST.
iiSTORIA ANffPORTLANa
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15...........'.'.'.. July 27. Aagnst 6, 18
Btate ot California salls:.July 22, Angus: 1, 11, 21
From Spoar-sC Wharf (Fler 24) at 10 a. it
i UOODALL ; PERK IN 3 CO.; OenL Supts.
j v;..^-,!r, k\ CONNOR. General A«»n\
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAI!
i STEAMERS WILL BAIL FROM /ifik,,
; O Broadway wharf, - Ban Francisco, aa .siiSS
follows: . ■ ■ • -'/■,.-
For Mary Island. Lorlnc. WranjeL Joneau. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), a; 9 *. it, July 3, 13,
18, 28. kn .  12, 27.
For Victoria and Vancouver . (B. C). Port Town-
; send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortca and Ne*
: Wbatcom tßellinsham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. k.
. July 3, . -, i 13. -la. -.'.3. .'aa.*. ana every .flhu
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wUtt
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with If. P. R. R,
at Seattie with O. N. By., as Port Townsand irlUi
: Alaska steamers. • - - •- •• •- ■
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landlai (Ham*
I bold; Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 p. n.. July ■•. 8. li,
i IB 2J ■-•■i. 'i« and every fourth day thereafter.
■ For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos.
' Fort Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
■ Barbara. Ventura. Hueueme, San Pedro. East daa
: Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a., it. July
1 2. 6. Jo. 1 1. Is, --'. 20, JO ,una • «¥ery tonrtn day
I thereafter ■- * ■ ■ '-; ••_.'-- '- ■ "^ "I}-.'* -
For Ban Dteiro. stopnth? only- at Port Harforl
i (San "Luis Oblspo),. Santa Barbara, -■ Port Lot
: ADcelea, Redondo (Los Aozeles) and Newport. 11
'■ a. it; Joy 6. ». 12. la. -*-'■ **i «* aai every
I iourtu day" thereafter.- -• '■ ••
For KnsenAda, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlaa. Li
Fazand Uoaymai (Mexico), str. Orizaba. 10 a. X.
j Jo »■ ilnna^lU' *i uionin th»reaft»r.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 Hew Mont;oraary
6OODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gent Agents.
i *--• -. » ■ : • : la.Mnr^tu. San Francisco.
CO3IPAGHIE 6EHERAL TfiA5SATL4piqiJ3
j ■■■': French Lin-? to Hrvt-v . •
COMPANY'S PIER (NZ W).42 NORTH JB**s\^
\J River, foot of Morion St. Travelers ■fcHSB
! tills line avoid both transit or English railway aj 1
'. the discomfort of crossing the channel. inasmiU
boat. New Yor* to Alexandria. Egypt, via P&rifc
lirst-ciass second-class. 9110. - ■ .
' I.A TotCATNK. Capt. Santelll.. .. May 23, Ba. m.
LA NORIIAKDIE Mar •-•3. 8 a. x.
, LA GASUOQNE.. ...JU c 2t\ 7A. H.
I i.A >";:■.< NJ'lr. M ..... July 4. 6 a. St.
LA GAtCOGNB .July 25. 11 A. K.
, LA XORX.AXDIE Ansnstl. 5 a. M.
LA BOURGOGNE.,Capt. Leb--H«uf. .June 6, 7 a. m. .
JO* 2"or further particulars apply to .
-- • ■ • ■ „ -„ A. FORGET. Agent,
:■ . . . . • . .- No. 3 Bon-; {as Green, New York.
J. T. FUOAZI A . CO., Ageocs. 5 Montgomery
' avenue, San -i'rancisco. . ■
: FUHT & CO.'S ;
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All "Pacific Coast
'•-■-■ ■■>;•-- Ports. ' -•■■■''' : -' ■ : •
• . • FROM NEW YORK: ; - " ;
The Al Clipper Shi i>. ............ WM. H. MACT
- ■ . -Amesbary," Master. "■ " ' • ■■
:•" FROM PHILA DELPHIA : '
The Al Clipper Ship .:;;.... A. J. FULLER
: - ■•• '^colcora, 'Master.- ■'■.■'■
-' Insurance effected at lowest rates. '-" •
1 For frel?ht apply to FLINT & CO., 68 Broad
I Btr»et. Sew York. - - • . .• .
Consignees In San Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
* •■!>., -;:2 California street* - : -• -
<^^fef^ HAMBURCrAMERICAILUS
tS??H^s^^3» ' TWIN-SCREW EXI'P.ESd
* -*- t*^ *^Bli' ' 11 . " Line from New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg, Jfaris A Hamburg.
: F. Bismarck.. ..July 23 i A. Vic.orla... IS
j Kormanhla...: AOcnsl 6 I F. Blrmnrck. Anvils: 20
' I. Cab., $75 and upward: ' IV Cao., *45 and up war!
PLYMOUTH-LONDON*. 41-g It. free of char,'*
'i by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS. 6%h.
I- • For passage apply IIaMBCRG-AM erica* Lisa,
I 87 Broadway. N. V..' or to KAH.V & HERZOO.
Agents. 401 California St.. San Francisco.. Cal. ■
ROYAL HAIL STEA» PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS .XKAVE ABP.IXWALI. ,-| ,-m
vj fortnightly for the Wont Indies -and *33SM
Southampton,- calling en route at C 'rbourgn,
: \ France, and Plymouth to land passengers. .
Through bills of lading, In connection with th«
! Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., i«s;i4?d for freight and treas-
j ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
j Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
i Cherbourg, Southampton. Fir*: class, ¥195; third
:1 , class, §i) 7 50. For furUier particulars apply to
■ -. ' .. . .' ■ :\ PAJRROTT & CO., Agents,
'i ' ■■'■•:-■• -■• , ■ :-'D3 fnlifnrniant.
J STOCKTON STEAMERS
. Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
i: | At « F. M, Daily, freight received up
1 ■'- ■.-_••• «<.,:;{)!'. .'I. . •. v
KW Accommodations Reserves by Telephone.
- S'li^AMliK^:
! T.C.Walker,- < J. D.Peters.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
B ; Telephone Alain 80S. . Cau Kay. and lmpt. Co
[ riLLEJO, HARE ISLAND, 'BESiCIA, POM
\ : r -COSTA A.ID CROCKETT. •
I STR. MONTICELLO,
* ; OaOy, except Saturday and Sunday— 10:30 a. m
c I and 4f.it;' Saturday, 10:30 a. it., 3:30 r. Hi
i~ -'■•.** --< s Unsday— » f; x. • .
LamliDs. ilissioa .l, Fltr «.
|
■> FOR SA.\ JOSE, LOS 6ATOS & SASTA CRUZ
STKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 BAILT
Oat 10 a. m. (Sunday* ezcepted); Alvlso dally as
5- 7P. M. (Saturdays excepted). .Freight. and Pas-
'• sender. Fare between > Kan Francisco and Al vl so,
r BOc; to San Jose, 73c. Clay at., Pier 1. 20 W.
c §acta Clara sU pan Jose. ■
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I", 18 * 4 iot the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. : , Debility or
g\?f»»e, w e*nngon bodyandmindaud
B . k J n D '««? a «*Pedociorccireswfaen.
«... othersfail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnretenarantrrd. CallorwritP
i »r. J. r. UIBBOM. Box 1»37.5&n.i' r »S^:
1314
SAN DIEGO WILL
HAVE GOOD WATER
Protests Against the Issu
ance of Bonds of No
Avail.
CAST OUT OF COURT.
The Attorney-General Forbids a
Suit by Opponents of the
Project.
REASONS GIVEN AT LENGTH.
He Expresses tbe Opinion That the
Kickers Have No Valid Ground
of Action.
As fully reported in The Call of the
following day, on the 27th of June last tne
city of San Diego, at a special election
held for the purpose, voted to assume a
bonded indebtedness of $1,500,000, in order
that tne city's water supply might be im
proved and increased. The city officers,
as well as the leading business men and
the moneyed element of tne ''bay and cli
mate" port, seemed to be in favor of tne j
measure by an overwhelming majority.
It wa« only a majority, however, though
a very large one, and the opponents of the
project started in to tight it tooth and
nail. A number of private suits at law
were instituted by parties opposed to the
issuance of the bonds, and for a time a ;
most intricate legal tangle seemed immi- I
nent.
At this interesting juncture things were
greatly simplified by all of the protesting
residents joining their suits in one action
entitled The People ex relatione A. M.
McConoughey against The City of San
Diego. Mr. McConouirhey was to act as |
attorney for the bond-opposing element, i
while City Attorney Doolittle and Messrs.
Delmas <fe Shortridge took up the defense
of the bothered southern port.
Before the action could be commenced
McConoughey made the customary appli
cation to the Hon. W. If. Fitzeerald, ask
ing him as Attorney-General for leave to
open fire. But tne Attorney-General would
have none of the proposed suit, denying
the desired permission in the following
self-explanatory communication:
San Francisco, July 25, 1896.
A. M. McConoughey, Esq., San Diego, Cal.— j
Dear Sir: I have carefully considered your
application for leave to sue in the proposed
ca»e oi People ex reL McConoughey vs. The
City of San Diego et al., and, after a thorough
examination of the law bearing upon the ques
tions presented by your proposed compliant, I
am of tne opinion that the facts alleged by
you do not warrant interference in this matter
by the people.
The relief sought by your proposed com
plaint is fourfold, vii : First— To contest the
validity of a bond election held in the city of
Sau Diego on June 27, 1896. and to enjoin the
issuance of the bonds voted for at such elec
tion, and ousting the defendants "from exer- j
cising any of the franchises in excess of those
prescribed by the laws of this State."
Second — To enjoin the City of San Diego and
its officers from proceeding under an alleged i
illegal contract with the Southern California
Mountain Water Company.
Third— To oust the Mayor, Auditor, Tax
Collector and Treasurer and the members of
the Common Council of the City of 8»n Diego
from office; acd
Fourth— That the present charter of the City
of San Diego be declared invalid, and that it
be adjudged "that the City of San Diego has
no right to exercise the functions of the mu
nicipal corporation under and by virtue of the
same." (Prayer of proposed complaint, subd. 6).
I will consider these in the order stated: I
First— ln support of your prayer for a contest j
of the bond election and a decree ousting the i
City of San Diego and its officers from the un
lawful exercise of a franchise, you allege
certain irregularities in the proceedings lead
ing up to and attendant upon the election in
question.
These allegations, if true, do not constitute
an unlawful, but merely an improper exercise
of the city's franchise. The power to issue
bonds for the purpose for which the indebted
ness in question was created is conferred upon
the city of San Diego by its charter (Statute of j
1889. page 399), and when the power to exer
cise a franchise exists it is well settled that
"the manner of its exercise cannot be chal
lenged by information or quo warranto."
(State vs. the city of Lyons, 31 lowa, 432; State
vs. Evans, 36 Am. Dec. (Arkansas), 468; Peo
ple ex rel. McDonald vs. Board of Supervisors
of Alcona County (Michigan), 51 N. W. Rep.,
1114; People vs. Cooper (Illinois), 29 N. E.
Rep.. 879; State ex rel. vs. Hannibal and R.
Co., 37 Mo. Appeals, 496.)
If the election in question was Illegal an ac
tion will lie at the suit of a taxpayer to contest
the election and restrain the issuance of the
bonds. Therefoie, you nave that renjedv.
(Gibson vs. BoHrd of Supervisors, 89 Cal., 359, i
and cases cited ; Skinner vs. City of Santa Rosa, I
107 Cal., 464; Howland vs. Board of Supervis
ors. 109 Cal., 152.)
Gibson vs. Board of Supervisors, supra, was a
case in which a taxpayer contested a bond
election, obtaiued a recount of the ballots and
a reversal of the decision of the Board of Su
pervisors sitting as -Election Commissioners,
when such board had declared the election
lost. Justice McFarland, who delivered the
opinion of the court, said, at page 366:
Counsel for appellant sta tes— although he does
not argue— the point that plaintiff In bis capacity
of taxpayer bad no right to institute the action.
It is clearly the law that if the action of the board
hmd been the other way— that is, if they had de- i
clared the proposition to issue the bonds carried, i
wh(n iv fact it had not been— plaintiff could have
maintained the action. (Schumacker vs. Tober
man, 56 C'ai., 508: Andrews vs. Pratt, 44 Cal
309: Maxwell vs. Supervisors, 63 Cal., 389; Fos
ter vs. Coleman, 10 Cal., 278.) That is, a tax
payer can, beyond doubt, restrain any illegal
action which would increase the burden of tax
ation. It is not so clear, however, wben he can
compel affirmative ac lon. although it was held in
Hyatt vt. Allen, 54 Cal.. 353, that he can by man
damus compel an Assessor to assess property sub
ject to assessment. It is not necessary here to de
termine whether or not the plain, iff would be en
titled to maintain mandamus Hgainst the Board of
Supervisors to compt 1 them to issue the bonds.
We think, however, that, as a property-owner and
taxpayer, be is sufficiently a party interested to
prevent an untrue, public, official declaration of
the result of an electio oij a proposition to issue
bonds and to have the true declaration made
whether the real resnlt of the election be for or
against the issuance of such bonds- No other
proper party plaintiff to such an action has been
suggested.
2. Your second ground of relief, that the
city authorities be enjoined from proceeding
under an alleged illegal contract is open to
the same objection as your first, viz.: that no
cause of action in quo warranto is shown by
the facts alleped.as the city and its officers
are merely charged with proceeding in an im
proper manner to exercise a franchise which
they undoubtedly possess. In fact this sec
ond ground is dependent upon the first; tor
your attack upon the ccntract in question can
only be sustained by nullifying the election.
Furthermore, if the contract is illegal in the
particulars charged, it i» void and no liability
against the city or any taxpayer of the city
can arise under it. For that reason there is
nothing to restrain and no cause of action is
stated. (Linden vs. Cass, 46 CaL, 173; McCoy
vs. Briant, 53 Cal., 246: Merriam vs. Board of
Supervisors, 72 Cal., 517.)
3 and 4. I will consider the third and fourth
grounds of relief sought together, as both are
predicated upon the same alleged facts, viz. :
the invalidity of the proceedings leading to
the adoption of the present charter of the city
of San Diego.
It is sufficient to say that the charter of San
Diepo is now res adjudicnta. The facts set
forth in your proposed complaint and relied
upon by you as showing the invalidity of this
charter w«.re all involved in the case of
People ex reL Attorney-General vs. Douglass
Gunn and the city of San Diego, case No. 5121,
in the Superior Court of San Diego County,
and were all decided adversely to your conten
tion. Thai ca^ was decided in 1891, and has
never been- appealed from. It is, therefore,
final. This question cannot be again liti
gated. (I'eoMe vk. Hoard of Supervisors, 27
Cal., 655; Boston vs. Haynes, 33 Cal., 33:
Jarkson vs Lodge, 30 CaL, 28.)
Furthermore, the cause of action to oust the
city officials and the cause of action to annul
the city charter cannot be joined with the
cause of action to contest the bond election.
(Section 427, C. C. P. People vs. city of River
side, 66 Cal., 688.)
For the reasons given I must decline to
grant you leave to institute this action. Re
spectiully.
W. F. Fitzgkkald, Attorney-General,
SUED MACDONOUGH'S ESTATE.
An o aklan d Saloon-Keeper ' Claims He
Has Been Damaged 824,000 -Worth.
Anton Clecak, an Oakland saloon and
restaurant keeper, has sued John G. Ogar,
administrator of the estate of Joseph Mac
donough, for $24,000 damaees for alleged
breach of contract. .
Clecak is the man from whom, on Feb
ruary 12, 1896, the Oakland City Council
took away the license for running a saloon
at 43l Fourteenth street, in the basement
of the Macdonough Theater building, in
the city of churches. It was proved to
the satisfaction of the Council that Clecak
was keeping , a disorderly hor.se and sell
ine liquor after midnight, which is con
trary to a municipal ordinance of the city
of Oakland. ,
The plaintiff claims that the action of
the Council was based on the accusations
of two men employed by Ogar at $50 each
to swear falsely against him, and so, by
having his license revoked, secure posses
sion of the premises, on which he has a
lease until March, 1897.
Therefore Clecak prays for damages at
the rate of $200 per month, the value of
the lease, lrom February 12, 1896, to the
time of the expiration ; for $8000, the value
of the fixtures of the saloon, which are
said to have become valueless to him, and
for $10,000 damage caused by the discon
tinuance of his business, a total of $24,000.
FIFTH -STREET HORROR.
Suits Resultant Upon It Being
Filed With the County-
Clerk.
Widows of Patrick J. McKeown and
Dennis Griffin Ask for $35,000
Damages.
The first of a series of damage suits that
will no doubt be brought against Simon
Kelley, the owner of the building at 22
Fifth street which five weeks ago col
lapsed and killed a number of people, was
filed in the County Clerk's office yester
day.
Mrs. Kate McKeown. administratrix of
the estate of Patrick J. McKeown, propri
etor of the lodging-house in the ill-fated
building and one of the victims of the hol
ocaust, has sued Kelley forsBooo. This sum
is claimed to be due because of the destruc
tion of the business of the hotel and of its
furniture, which was valued at $3000.
Kelley is alleged to have been responsible
for the collapse of the edifice because of
negligence and criminal carelessness.
To-day another suit against Keilev, as
proprietor, and Adam Miller, E. Kalla
frath, L. B. Sibiey and Patrick Gleason,
i contractors, who conducted the work on
I the wrecked edilice, will be filed. II was
brought by Margaret Griffin and Eileen
! Gfifiin by her guardian ad lltem, Margaret
Griffin. The former is the widow of Den
nis Griffin, a laborer,v?hose life was crushed
out by the falling timbers. Eileen Griffin
is his child, a&ied 14 months.
The Griffins demand damages of $25,000
for being deprived of the support, main
i tenance, protection, education, comfort
and companionship of the husband and
father. It is stated that the deceased was
29 years of age and during his lifetime
earned $3 per day.
The allegations of the complaint are that
i the accident which caused Griffin's death
; was due to the carelessness and negligence
I of the defendants in having insufficiently
i and improperly braced and supported the
i building which fell. It is also said that
i Griffin bad no knowledge of the unsafe
; condition of the building, but that the de
fendants had.
It is further alleged that the building at
22 Fifth street was within the fire limits of
the City and tnat the repairs in progress
at the time of the accident were being
made in direct opposition to the provisions
of section 4 of order 2927 of the general
orders of the Board of Supervisors, in that
: the contractors failed to secure the per
i mission of the board before beginning
operations.
Henley & Costello and Edward J. Ban
ning are attorneys for the Griffins.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J D Bancroft, Chicago Fred Mason, Sacramento
A Schnabel, Newcastle G F Huughton, YreKa
.F J Mason, Newcastle JJ l; rooks, Sacramento
J J-eonard A w, Chicago W A Wi illock, Oroville
J Cooke, Sacramento W C Heilburn. Seattle
F A steiger, Vacaville E A Stockton, Stockton
W J Tharp, Larkspur W O Morr sey, Stockton
G Bustelli, LI vermore *' Lawrence. St Thomas
8 Wolf, San Jose ' W T Talbot, Montreal
G H Thomas, Detroit A J Sutherland, Montreal
J Walton, Sonora JH Moore, St Louis
X P Howe. Cal Dr J Baird <fc f. Riverside
J M Petit grew, Cal ■ E B Burdick. Cat
X Burdock. Big Tree Fit P F Green, Santa Rosa
J H Fairbaum, NY PA Dinsmore. San Jose
A Adams, « V : >-> ~ JO Kelt m, Ukiah
E Adams. NY B H Burton, Willows
W P Woods, Portland H C Wat kins. Woodland
G W Hyland, Portland W L Mecum, Woodland
I F H Frost, St Louis C N McLouth. N V
I G Fisher <fe w. San Jose Jde Bruyn, Detroit .
WFMorley. NY A Macdoua.d, Cotton wd
Mrs P E Stewart, Pa Mrs Weston, Santa Cruz,
Miss E J Stewart, Pa J F Devinuorf, San Jose
Miss M A Stewart, Pa X A Blair, Stockton
S W Jones. Colusa , I D Hicks, Fresno
B Smith. Georgia Slide . W W Tnrney, San Jose
Miss E Manning, 8 Jose L Slusser, Mt Olivet
W Manning w, San Jos • '
BUSS HOUSE.
Mrs A Mason, Diego H A Harris, Fowler
J H Hill, Wash '> H L JacksonJfcw Petluma
Miss E Jackson, Ptluma R J Phillips, l'etaluma
J H FoBs, Boston ' J. Winter, Boston
J X Dickey Aw, Ohio M J Howes, Ohio
Mrs Lofter, lowa Mrs N'euman lowa
I M T Shaw, Raymond t Cole, Panaojint
j J B Burdick, luulun.ne , W II French, Alviso
J H Martin, Wood. and J Morrison, Portland
J Johnson, Inyo C X Scott, Portland
J S McC leery, Nev J W Dav-y Aw, N V '
R Sari, Bakersfield I Dr Pace Aw, Tulare '.
Mrs Murray,2 en, Tulare Mls< L Burley, Si Louis
J O'Brien, smarts vllle 'E Shone, Smarlsville
C P Berry, Mount'n View w P Litrl, Santa Marie
Miss R Burglner, Los AEG Gregory. Nevada
F C Clark A w. San Jose C T Coluruert, Cal
F -Nelson, Novato . c E Mordaun, San Jose
F W Burnett. Stockton WC Helman, Santa Rosa
B French, Reno .'■-. J c Bell, r-an Jose ■'■
J W Walling Jr, Nevada H Abies, Los Angeles
E A West <fe w, Indiana G D <<ray, Oakland •:■
Mrs J Barlow, Los Ang , F L Wilson <fe w, New H
B Wilson. N Hampshire W Metealf <t w, New H
J Jeans * w, Winters F H Smythe, Cal >
W Patterson, Cal -
i ' . ■ PALACE HOTEL.
J E Terry, Sacto John Bryson, Los Angels
J Stemme, NY Mrs Her. on Ac, LosAngs
Mrs J Stemme, NY .'.■: Miss Welchman, London
R M Yenable, Baltimore Miss II Watkins, Ii C
Miss X Venable.SnLsOb Viola Allen & m, £ V
J L Finney, NY F Gottschalk. N V
T Bruback, Salt Laka J J Clarence, Portland
R E Hoi brook. NY E Davis. N V
W T Smith, Elko Dr J M Lang, Chicago
A Thatcher, St Louis Mrs J M Lang, Chicago
L L Bailey, Denver- Mrs F J GUmore. La An*
J C Schulte, Louisville J Marks, Ariz
O A Clark, Ariz • Mrs C W Cowes, Chicago
Mrs S A Clark, Ariz Mrs B A Hearst, N V •
Mrs Anthony, NY - Mrs Robinson, N V
Miss Apperson, R V Miss Lane, NY ■ •
Miss OLeary. N V . Mi Anthony, N V
W C Butler, NY- ' ■ Miss Butler, X V
L J Rose, Los Angeles S M Green, Mill
W H Alderdice, TJ 8 N G H Martin, Chicago
E O Leszynsicy, Chicago W G Model lan, Philadel
X Hanson, Or CE Llndsey, Santa Clara
D J Bonsfield, Nev . = L M Monroe Pa •-.-■■
Mrs C F Hltchlngs.NYC Miss Hltchlngs, N V City
1 . BALDWIN HOTEL.
W J Well lngton.N V . Mrs W Boucicault.N V :
Miss A Plxley, N V Mis* M R Brown, N V
Miss I Conequest, N V Dr G Brown, NY- .
FE McKay. NY W Faversham, N V
b Asheim. Si Louis ' Miss Gail, V V ■
Miss Harwar, N V W Sitzer, Denver
R Clinton, Nev h a Blodgel, Bakersfield
E oarett. Portland .• s C Stanley, St Helena
2 B *£ cy ,' London • J Hundley. London
Capt Weir, London W B King, Portland
Dr Jimson £w, Astoria C F Kretcnman, 111
WC Douglass, St Louis Mrs a Mayer, Omaha ~
m K A Hnhin* T BealUe D r Q » Backmau & w.Oal
M E Robins, La W P Bartlett, St Heleua i
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
v « M .°?™>. Angel Island M F Joyce A t. Salt Lake
E smith Jr. Brooklyn P Hansei,<fcw, Valley Frd
J Jones. Valley * ord a F Lucy Aw, Spokane
ML Johnson, Spokane '■ O L JlngsfspokanV
Kd Ca*ey.Gilroy • T O'Connor,^olllster
E M Legge. Holllster J Folby, San Felipe ;
E* • Moran, Boston • J Garrison, Chicago
V\R? 111 ? 1 08^ 11 61 * 8 C B Lo^on. Los Angeles
W Blteed, San Jose J H Desmond, Denver
J P Mylar, Souora » J Smith, Fresno ■*• •
H H Bristol, Fresno OB Morthourp, Fresno
J L Campbell. San Jose A H Anderson, San Jos«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
SHE DOES NOT
WISH TO RESIGN,
A Fair Teacher's Dispute
With the Board of
Education.
HER PLACE IS VACANT.
Miss Alice H. Metcalf s Marriage
and Her Disagreeable
Discovery.
VIOLATED A RECENT RULE
The Wedding Three Days Late— A. W.
Marqnis, the Husband, May
Contest the Case.
As has already been stated in Thk Call,
School Directors are likely to get into
trouble over the enforcement of the anti
marriage rule. The young lady teachers
of the department feel that it is their
privilege to marry whenever they like,
and that their resienations should not be
compulsory immediately upon their entry
into the matrimonial state, but that the
time should be left to the option of them
selves and their husbands. At least, these
are the iaeas of Mrs. A. W. Marqnis, for
merly Alice H. Metcalf, a teacher in the
Haight Primary School.
Miss Metcalf was married to Alexander
W. Marquis on the sth of this month,
three days after the formal adoption of
the rule requiring lady teachers to resign
immediately upon their marriage. She,
though, was under the impression that
her wedding occurred before instead of
after the enactment of the troublesome
rule, and accordingly sent a comnunica- i
tion to the Board of Education, calling its
attention to the change she had made in
her name and address. "I do not wish to .
resign my position," she wrote in conclu- j
sion, to avoid the possibility of any mis
take.
But the Solons of the schools are not |
sentimental in such cases. They value j
vacancies more highly than matrimony
and had much rather receive a letter of I
resignation than a letter of application, i
Consequently, at the session of the Board !
of Education last Wednesday, the position '
held by Miss Metcalf in the School De- \
partment was declared vacant under the i
rules and her name was stricken from the j
roll of teachers.
Mr. Marquis is a young architect, in '<
business with his father at 4 California
street.
"We wish to avoid all unneeessarv pub- I
licity in this school business," he said
when seen yesterday at his cozy home, ;
436 San Jose avenue. "My wife has been
teaching in the department for several
years. She has not yet received any ;
official notification of her dismissal in
consequence of her marriage with me. |
We think: the rule unjust and uncon
stitutional, but it is not likely that we
shall take the case into the courts. We j
may, but as yet are undecided just what
course to take.
"If we should appeal to the courts it
would require the expenditure of consid
erable money and then years would prob
ably elapse before we could expect a final
decision, so you see it would hardly be
worth while. The first information we re
ceived concerning the adoption of this ]
anti-marriage rule was through The Call.
I seriously doubt its legality should it be
submitted to the cour:s, but I suppose
the Directors have their friends to care for
and rely upon the chances of no contest
being filed by a teacher."
"The legality of the rule," said Director
Comte, "is yet a mooted question. It is
impossible to say what the courts would
decide. In my judgment, though, the
rule caqnot be logically construed as being
hostile to marriage. Section 710 of the
Civil Code says conditions imposing re
straints upon marriage, except upon the {
marriage of a minor, are void; but this
does not affect limitation where the in
tent was not to forbid marriage, but only
to give the use until marriage.
"Our rule, you see, is merely a limita
tion as to time, and if it is not legal it
ought to be. The law stating the grounds
upon which a teacher can be dismissed to
be incompetency, disobedience of the rules
and immoral or unprofessional conduct is
well established, and, of course, the only
reason whicn will justify a teacher in dis
obeying a rule of the department is its
illegality. Now, it is only fair to assume
all rules to be legal until the contrary has
been proved."
Insufficient Data.
"You are an expert, are yon not?" said
tbe caller.
'•Yes, sir."
''Well, I wish you would take these two
papers and tell me whether they were
written by the same person."
"Is it a matter of litieation?"
"Very possibly."
"Then it would be really impossible for
me to comply with your request; not un
til I have learned upon which sine I have
been retained." — Washington Star.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUBINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ereiy
n»pht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICHS— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open natll 9:80 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 8:30 o'clock.
KW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, •pwi
nntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
; CHURCH NOTICES.
WA RD"-ST. M. E. CHURCH, Y. B i E-
»*■»' tween Second and Third ■ streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D.D..
pastor; Martin Scbultz, musical director: W. F.
Gibson, Sunday-school superintendent. Hours of
public services 11 a.m. and 7:45 p.m. Sunday-
school at 12:30. Praver-meetlng Wednesday even-
Ing. Epworth League 6 :46 Sunday even Inc.' Morn- i
ing subject, "St. Paul in a Trance." Evening sud-
ject, great lecture by Professor J. W. Kelcbner on
"The Tabernacle of Israel,' 1 with costly model and
scenic representations. ' Church telephone black
961. j
|KS>. SIMPSON.- MEMORIAL METHODIST
i****; Episcopal Church, ; corner : Hayes and Bu-
chanan' streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Halght'streeu: Preaching at 11 a. m
and 7:45 p.:M."J At 11 a.' m. Key. a. Kummer
D.D.', pastor of ' First M. K. Church. Oakland, will
preach. At 7:45 p.m. sermon by. pastor; -subject,
"The Great Salvation.".; Sunday-school at -30
p. m.. C. iB.. Perkins' superintendent: Epworth
League service ax 6:30. p. m. - The public cordially
invited to all the : services of this church. - Seats
free. - Ushers ■In ■ ■ attendance. • Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
IKSS*. CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
+**r Church, Mission St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth—The i pastor, • Rev. ♦ Dr. Dllle. will preach
morning and evening. >" Morning subject, "Let the
Redeemed of the Lord say mo." Evening "Jeho-
vah or Baal— Which? A Call to Decision.'" Sun-
day-school, R. V. Watt, superintendent, at 1 p. 1L
Young People's meetings at 6:30 p. it.
' CHURCH i NOTICES-Continued. .
IKS 1 * FIRST PBESBYTERIAN . CHURCH,
Jf-*'. cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor; Rev. Edwin H.
Jenks. co-pastor. •- Rev. Mr. Jenks will preach at
11 a. 11. and 7:45 p. v. Sunday-school at 12:46
p. K. Young People's Society of Christian En-
deavor at 6:15 p.m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
I evening at 8 o'clock. All are welcome to these
I services. ...
.^". FIRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
xT"^ Church, Golden Gate aye. and Polk : su—
IP : M- Gibs °n, D.D., pastor. Services 11a.m.
and 7:45 p. **• The pastor will preach at both
services. Evening subject, "The Change of the
Sabbath From the Seventh to the First Day of the
Week-Is There Authority for It." This subject
to aentea by special requesu Cordial Invitation
. , NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
H^IIMISSION LODGE NO. ' 169. F. m
,s rr T fi!??> A' M — Caned meeting THIS^A.
£ SA _ T , RDAY > EVENING. July 25, at IS 2?
16 ™ clock. Third degree. By order of the /V>
w - M - C. P. BUNKER, Secretary.
fc^SV CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. . •
«ATn^Av; M --Called meeting THIS_A,
(SATURDAY) at 7P. m. sharp. D. 3d. M. If
i^.J 1 ??* 1 landing cordially invited. By/VN
order of the W. jL__ H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
*3P X( i- ELSIoR DEGREE sSSjIKm!^ '
« r - " Lodge No. -2, I. O. O. F.-Regu-^SK'S-rlNfe,
lar meeting THIS EVENING. First^SS^^
degree will be conferred. 5^
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
|^gr" REBEL CORK BENEVOLENT SOCl-
rfr^ «ty will hold their fourth anhual picnic at
Shell Mound Park SUNDAY, August 2. A. select
programme will be prepared for the occasion. A
large amount of valuable gate prizes, one of which
is a new Domestic Sewing-machine now on ex hi-
■l Ann ? the Ex amlner Office. 756 Market st. : also
$1000 in cash for races and games. ■ Music by the
bernia Union Band. Professor McCarthy, the
Irish piper, and a first-class fiddler will attend to
H?* Jg io nd reel dancing. Adults 60c; children
under 12 years 25c. Boats leave ferry, foot of
Market su, every half hour. Remember. August
2. at shell Mound. V- COMMITTEE.
£^" O*'FICE|OF THE GERMAN SAVINGS
fhTl»n££ d , Xl an c»ety-The annual meeting of
me stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
koS A y iS 1U be neW •» the office of the>ociety, No.
5-6 California street, in the City and County of
f*? fA? 00 . State of California, on. MONDAY,
the 10th day of August, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. k.,
for the election of a board of directors to serve for
tne ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as shall legally come before the
meeting. OEO. TOURNY, Secretary.
9^S" THE RKGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
Jir. c Pacific Coast Dredging and Heclama-
tion Company will be held at the office of the com-
?ff?Qn4v teMrt street, San Francisco, Cal., on
■Mil ■, ' tne 4tn day of August, 1896, at 3
o clock p. it, for the purpose of electing a board of
trustees to serve during the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
beiore the meeting. : . ■
' M. J. MADISON. Secretary. :
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
R^> BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
™~7 collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgv at., room 6. •' Tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS W ANTEU-J-E3IAI.E.
0' ?• HANSEN A CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
VV. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at oflice, Dhone or mail us your orders: Drompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
Y OU / °., G . lttL Gorx G TO A NORMAL
X. school desires position to oversee children's
lessons fora time each day or to assist with light
; housework in exchange for home and small wages;
near as possible to Powell and California sts.; ref-
er enceg exchanged. Address G. G., box 101. Call.
V? OTHER AND DAUGHTER WISH WORK
j -^'-jt in the same house; first-class seamstress, sec-
ond work and cook : country preferred.; Call or
address 615 Third st. '
\l' OMAN LATELY FROM THE EAST WISH-
'» es a situation as chambermaid; best of refer-
ences: , thoroughly competenu Address 17
; Fourtn St., room 5.
i WANTED — YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN
; « with little girl, 6 years, wishes situation to do
1 housework or cooking; country preferred. Call or
address 48 Silver su ■ ■
I YOUNG GERMAN GiRL WISHES POSITION
x to do light homework or take care of 1 child.
! 9 \ aaserot place, off Geary st.
: pOMPK'I KM COLORED WOMAN WANTS
: \.J (lay work washing, ironing or housecleanlng.
I 51b Powell sU
I VV'OMAN WISHES TO WORK BY THE DAY.
! »» Call from Ito 6 o'clock at 1504 a Howard su,
bet Eleventh and Twelfth. '
TNFANT'S NURSE WISHES POSITION;
X capable of taking full charge; best references.
Add. M. P., Call Branch. Sixteenth and Mission.
i WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF WORK BY
S TT the day or week; good cook. MRS. MORI-
-1 SON, 403 Stevenson st. - '. ■
1 "\rOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE a position
X at housework; small wash; wages $15; good
I cook. Call or address 232 Minna st.
CAN DIN A V WOMAN WISHES A SITU-
atlon to do washing or housecleaninj; by the
j day. Address Mrs. D., box 74, Call.
DRESSMAKKk WAiNXS WORK. 623 HOW-
XJ ard St.. bet. Second and Third.
"V OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST IN
I X light housework. 126 Fourth St., room 26.
LADY WOULD LIKE CHAMBERWORK OR
work by the day. 126 Fourth St., room 26.
/COMPETENT LAUNDRESS WISHES WASH-
\J Ing and ironing by the day. 446 Jessie su
OMPETENT MIDDLK-AUED WOMAN DE-
\J sires a situation; to take care of lady; under-
stands Swedish massage and can make herself
useful around the house: reference: cityorcoun-
try. Address A. L. H., box 114, Call Office.
"D ESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
XV work In small family or upstairs work and
j help with children: can sew; city or country. Call
i 1129 Treat aye., downstairs. ■ '
■\fIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD like a
XIX position as nurse or housekeeper in Vallejo or
vicinity; nationality American. Address M. W.,
box 114, Call Office. ■ -- .•■„•,.
A ' O UNO WJ DOW WISHES SITUATION AS
1 housekeeper or any other light work. Call 110
Sixth st., room 10. • • •
KALTHY YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN
with fresh breast wishes place as wet nurse.
1009 Mission sU, S. F. -
TSESPKCTABLE COLORED LADY WANTS A
XX place in American family: good cook or lady's
maid; city references. 421 Fourth st.
"yOUNG GIRL FROM THE EAST WISHES A
JL situation at second work or in a small family.
Please call at 237 Natoma st.
' OMAN WANTS CLOTHES TO CLEAN AND
repair; also sewing of any kind done cheap.
114 Fourth st., room 16. ■
pOMPETENT YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN
\J wants situation for general housework in small
family; is good cook. Please call 671 Mission su
Young lady wishes position TO do
light housework. Address E., box 64. Call.
V> ESPECTABLE WIDOW WANTS POSITION
X\> as housekeeper or , overseer in hotel or private
house; best of references. Call or address 8266
Twenty-second »t., off Valencia.
■youNG GIRL ATTENDING COLLEGE
X would like board and room at $10 per month.
Address Y. A., box 73, Call Office.
GERMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION IN
vJ country to do housework and cooking. Apply
2603 Mission st.. corner Twenty-Second.
IjiIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
X work by the day or take work home; fit guar-
arauteed: reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
Its. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET ST.;
only first-class female heip furnished.
Y'OINGLADY, UNIVERSITY GRADUATE,
X desires a position as private secretary or any
kind of office \vork< English, German and French;
highest references. E. H., box 13, Call Office.
pOMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
with a child wishes housekeeper's position,
chamberwork or sewing: city or country. Call or
address 917 Market St., room 19. ,
DRESSMAKING AND PLAIN SEWING:
cheap, call or address 2118 Mason su
W INCHES . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to .$1 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the terry. '. :
SITUATIONS WANTEJJ-MALE.
G; B. HANSEN «fc CO, IIO^GEARY^STTrFUR-
• nlsb haymakers, threshing crews, : harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, : hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire,' phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. : 3148 Sntter: 1 tel Grant 30.
OHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office: best help. 414^1 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
CmiNKSE AND. JAPANESE RELIABLE
-''help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
Married, SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS
painter would like steady place in shop or ho-
tel; worked 5 years in last place: capable of , run-
ning and rigging all kinds of scaffold work: wages
I $55. Address B. J., Painter, 2618 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted BY ELDERLY man
to around residence or store: handy and willing;
best reference; steady position desired more than
wages. J. h., box 73, Call Office; .'■•■ yr y ;;■.'■•.
"V OUNG MAN (ENGLISH) WANTS A POBI-
-1 . x tion about house ; ■" understands hones, cows or
any other light work. E. F., box 47. Call Office.
A 5 ELDERLY BUI STILL VIGOROUS MAN
-£»- with best recommendation, would like any
kind 01 employment ; would be satisfied with small
wages. , Address T., box 40. Call Oflice.
/^HINESE . WANTS PLACE: FIRST-CLASS
V/ cook, houseworfcer and washer; in family; city
or country. WANG HOON, 776 Clay su " - .: :-; .
JAPANESE "SCHOOLBOY WANTS SITUA-
tIou: speaks English. GEORGE, 22 Prospect pi.
'' CITUATIONB"\Va"ntED BY YOUNG MAR-
kJ ried- couple on farm or ranch; man as groom,
garden, milk, etc. ; wife -as cook or housekeeper.
Address P. s., 933 Howard su , ■ .
H u |^"erT~f7rBt" class, SOBER, f neat,
" wining, competent,': wants ; place to do any-
thing for next two months; > very low wages; city
references. Address V. L., box 116, Call Office. :
■pAINTER, COMPETENT. WORKMAN. GOOD
J- grainer, ». tinter, paper-hanger, * decorator, etc,
win work for private parties: day or piecework.
Call or address JOHNSON, 1077 Market sU ' . ~
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued. ;.
WANTED— $10: WILL ANY ONE GIVE RE-
fined, gentlemanly young man from the East
position of any kind: can furnish $100 security;
good references: would pay $10 to any one getting
me permanent situation. Address Refined, box 152,
Call Office. . •'; . .-" ;_'■■
TEMPERATE YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUA-
'. X tion as bartender: cood reference and security.
Address E. R., box 72, this office. "
AS NURSE, COMPANION OR VALET TO
invalid gentleman; understands massage
treatment; well recommended; would like to
travel. . Address B. L., box 75. Call Office.
rVOUNG MAN, GERMAN, WHO HAS BEEN
X working 'in delicacies and grocery business
wants a position.* Address A. LUKRANPA, 2162
A lambda aye., Alameda. ' ■ ' * '
THIRST-CLASS GARDENER, EXPERIENCED
»-L carpenter and plumber, best of ■ references,
wants situation. Address A. 8., California Hotel,
San Rafael, Cal.
YOUNG GERMAN WISHES SITUATION OF
X any kind. BARTL. 662 Minna st.
/yOUNG MAN (SCANDINAVIAN) WISHES
, X. situation, city or country; first-class driver and
milker; understands the care of horses and gar-
den; references. A. E., box 14, this oflice.
\i AN, HOLLANDER, AGE 35, SPEAKS GER-
-iU man, French and English, wants position as
steward in plain hotel; best references. Address
22 Mason st. . -
V oung man wants position with
X private family; understands the care of horses
and driving; good references. D. MULLADY, San
Mateo.
TVT ANTED— SITUATION BY MAN AND
" wife as cooks; both good on meat and pastry;
country preferred. Address Cook, box 116, Call.
AN AND WIFE (FRENCH) WANT SlTUA-
tions on private place; city or country; man
good gardener wife good cook and housekeeper.
Address J. LOZAHIC, 1316 O'Farrell st. .
pAVALRY AND INFANTRY DRILLMaI?
\J ter wants position as drill-instructor; will also
fill any other position ; . best of references. call or
address 121 Fulton st. /
ANTED — POSITION ASS VALET OR
nurse; best of references. Address VALET,
box 99. Call Office. ,
ITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN-
O American boy of 16 who Is living with his par-
ents to work in office, store or wholesale house; he
can keep books and is a good penman. - Pieaae ad-
dress 17 Beaver si.
ANDY JAPANESE GARDENER WANTS
a situation to take ' care of horses and cows;
understands all kinds of work: 2 years In last
place. Call or address HARRY SUZUKAWA,
113 Church sU
\\T INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ■
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per nlcht : $1 50 to. $6 per
j_^kj_>re<- bus and baggage to an. l from ih<> ferry.
. I 1..MA1.K HKLi* WANTED.
WANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE- I
work, a short distance, $20: Protestant second
girl, $20: laundress, private family, $25: 5 cooks
In German and American families, $26, $30 and
$35; governess, $25: ranch cook, $'.'0; colored
girl for housework. $20; and a great many girls to
fill situations in city and country. J. F..CROS-
ETT A CO., 312 Sntter st. .  ...
A TED — EXPERIENCED ;STENOGBA-
'» pher and telegrapher. $40 and increase. J.
F.CKOSETT A CO.. 312 Sntter st. . '
O WAITRESSES, SAME HOTEL, NEVADA,
A free fare, $20; waiter, hotel south, fare paid.
$20: chambermaid, wajt 1 meal, hotel near city,
I $15; chambermaid, country hotel, $20: coot,
boarding-house, city. CR. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
9 GERMAN COOKS, CITY, $25; DANISH
•- girl, housework, Oakland, $20; girls for house- !
work, city and country, $15 and $20. C. K. HAN-
SEN <fc CO., 10 Geary sU , _ j
L RENCH HOUSEKEEPER AND FRENCH
r. companion; see party here, C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 110 Geary st. -
VOI'NO NURSE FOR BABY, $12: GIRLS
X for Berkeley, Oakland and Alameda. $15 and
$20. C. R. HAN' -EN A CO., 110 Geary sU J
IP BENCH SECOND GIRL, OAKLAND. $20; 2
second clns, city, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary sU
p ERMAN GOVERNESS, $25; GERMAN
vT chambermaid and seamstress, $25: cook, coun-
try. $30: housework, Oakland. $20: Berkeley, $20,
and other towns; 15 housework girls, city and ■
country. $ 0 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to
$16. MISSCULLEN, 323 Sutt/-r st.
OMAN WITH A CHILD. $15 -.GOOD PLACE.
MISS CULLKN, 323 ■•'Utter st. • •
FRENCH NURSE. $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter sU
WOMAN COOK, $30, ROOM, ETC.: GIRL IN .
.»» family 3. $20: girl for German and Jewish
cooking. $25; second girl, $20; nurse for sick
lady, $20. room, etc: 7 boaseglrls. $20: 17 house-
girls, $15; 13 young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per
month. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. Telephone,
Main 1849. . ... . -. , T,'. ';
AITRESS, FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HO-
tel, : $20; •■ girls for . housework and cooking,
country, $20 each: chambermaid, plain wash, $15.
MURRAY * READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay sU . . . ,
ANTED— GERMAN JJCOOKS, $35 AND
" $30; French waitress and parlor-maid. $20 to i
$25; French nurse. $20 to $25: young girls to as-
sist, $10 and $12. LEON ANDRr., 316 Stockton. |
8 GIRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK, $20 1
and ' $26. German ■ Employment Office, ■ 306 !
Mason st.
WANTED— A LADY OVER 25r~1N EVERY
town aud city on the Pacific Coast, to fill a
position of trust: no canvassing or peddling. For
particulars address with stamp. Golden State
Medicine Co., 544 S. Auroras!., Stockton, Cal.
ANTED— A GERMAN GIRL FOR GEN-
eral ' housework and assist - with children;
wages $15 a month. Address 123 Henry st. J.
GLINDEMANN.
WANTED— A GIRI/FOR GENERAL" HOUSE?
»» work; must be a good cook: wages $20. Ap-
ply 1120 Lombard st., between 10 and 12 a. m.
Vrii.SElilKl, FOB.SAN RAFAEL: YOUNG
XI girl for light housework, 3 in family; wages
$20. 316 Sutter. '
GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK, SMALL
r family; wages $12 to $15. 138 Fair Oaks •:.,
near Twenty-third. .
pENTLbMAN WANTS A YOUNG LADY TO
VJ manage rooming-house. Address Lady, box
105, Call office. ■
STRONG CHAMBERMAID, CITY, $20, ROOM
and board. German Employment Office, 306
Mason st. SBCBimiBHMSMfIBSBfeI
U RIGHT ENERGETIC YOUNG LADY; GOOD
XJ salary If capable. . Room 433, Emporium bldg.
CIOOK AND DOWNSTAIRS WORK, $26. GER-
\J man Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
Ar OUNG GIRL, 16 YEA RS OF AGE, TO ASSIST
-i. In light housework. 1509 Brolerlck'su ■
p IRL wanted FOR plain COOKING. 706
\J Battery st.
GIIRL tor HOUSEWORK and plain
r cooking. 435 Eddy st. -
CT IRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK; 3 IN
J family; wages $8. 808 Filbert su
T\rOM AN FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK, SMALL
TT family. Call 807b Harrison sU
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 2817
Folsom st
OMAN TO HELP IN KITCHEN OF RES-
tauranU 916 Howard sU
ERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL
housework. 2732 Pine sU
"\TOUNG GIRL- FO"R~LIGHT HOUSEWORK."
X 2333 Mission st.
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
on fruiu Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., Bran nan su, between Third
and Fourth. . '
ANTED — ' LADY TYPEWRITER AND
*» stenographer; one understanding drawing and
lettering preferred; general office work: salary
$20; reference required. W. W., box 113, Call. ' ■*■
ESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
for^lgbt housework; small wages. 1204 Folsom
at., upstairs. '
\KT OMAN TO , MILK COW AND DO LIGHT
*' housework; small wages. 1226 Lombard st.
HAIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell su, 105 9th.
AIRDRESSING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
culture lessons; free, to agents. MRS. BUT-
LER, 13i Post st. . . -.■•■.
1 EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
XJ ing; $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 638 Market su
ADIES— KHEE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Tnes.,2to3: dresscnttlng.- 14 McAllister, r. 67. I
AIRDRES3ING, 2&o AND 86c: MORNISU
and eve classes: 10 lessons,?! 50. 1248 Mission. |
\t OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
M. Winchester House, 44 Third sU, near Market:
200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
pr week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. j
WEEK'S - NEWS , FOR ,6 ; CENTS - TH»
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. . -
;;r:^:':--;'_MAliJs'. WANTED.
WANTED — BLACKSMITH FOR RANCH,
» » $30 and found; American or Irish milker, $30
and found; 4 young men to learn mining. $15 and I
found: butter and cheesemacer, $30 and found; I
tunnel men, $1 60 a day and board: laborers for
mine. $1 a day and board; laundrymen, $30 and
found; cook. and wife, country hotel, $60 cook
country hotel, $40, and others.' Apply to J.F.
CROSETT A CO., 628 ->acramento su '
PASTRY COOK ND BAKER, COUNTRY
hotel, $50; . pastry cook and baker, hotel, city,
$45; second cook, country hotel, $60: second coo*,
restaurant, $50; German cook, hotel,. $45; Ger-
man cook, hotel,' $35: "2. waiters, country hotel,
$30: 3 waiters 1 for 1 summer resort. $31): 2 French
or German waiters, country ; hotel, $30. C. R.
HANSEN A CO.; 110 Geary st. 1 .I
TTOISTING ENGINEER, EXPERIENCED IN
XXrunnina a double hoist fora mine, $90; farmer
and wife for a fruit ranch, $40 and fare advanced
C. R. HANBEK A CO., 110 Geary st. -,;/~^
W" ANTED— FIRST-CLASS 'GRVINEB: $8
per day. Cor. Van Ness »nd Golden Gate ayes.
.....' HIXP "WANTED— Continued.
FARMER AND WIFE. $40, SEE BOSS HERE;
X 1 3 farmers; 2 woodchoppers; ■ machine black-
smith, $3 a day; blacksmith for orchard, $30 and
found: 2 woodchoppers; milker, $30; cook, $60;
2 ranch cooks, fare refunded, $20; 2 dishwashers,
$15; I 2 waiters, 825; head waiter, city hotel, $25;
porter, tend bar, $15; cook $40. dishwasher $15,
same country hoteL MURRAY* A READY, Lead
Ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay su
WANTED— SWAMPEK FOR THE WOODS,
»» short distance, long job, $35 and found: sec-
ond or third hand baker for country shop, $25 and
found: young German for bakery. $25 and board:
farmers, milkers, cooks,' waiters and dishwashers.
W. D. EWER A < P., 626 Clay st.
pKRMAN COOK, $45. AND ROOM; COOK.
vT small hotel. $36 and room; waiter, $25 and
room; waiter, $30 and room ; second baker, $30
and room. MARTIN. 749 Market st.
ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO WORK
.•"». for us day or evening at their homes; nice,
pleasant work; no canvassing: experience not,
necessary. We pay salary. Send us your address.
STANDARD MANF'G CO., 142 W.2 M, New York.
p OOD WAITER AND GOOD SECOND COOK.
VJT New Continental Hotel, cor. Napa and Louisi-
ana sts., Potrero. ,
TOURNEY MEN BARBERS' INTERN ATION-
-0 al Union No. 27 Employm' tßnreau. 102 7th st.
I > AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
XJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay. |
I) ARiJEKa' ASSOCIATION Va' CAU i.MPLO¥- ■
-13 menu- : Secy, P. CHamann. O'FarrelL
DARBER WANTED— S32~THIRD ST.
.DARBER FOR SATURDAY. 871 MARKET
XJ streeu
IJARBER FOR SATURDAY: WAGES PAID.
X) 2114 Ninth st.
T>ARBER WANTED AT 304 FOLSOM ST. .; • '
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY
afternoon. 872^ Howard st. ;
ARaER WANTED: CALL AFTER 8. 779
i-> Market sU ,
X\ r ANTED— GOOD BARBER FOR SATUR-
" day and Sunday. t 605 Broadway.
IRST- LASS BARBER WANTED FOR
' Saturday; $3. 427 Third aU, 7:30 a. M.
AN WHO CAN PLAY PIANO AND SING;
for country saloon. . Apply 116 Front st.
"DOY WANTED— 2I27 MISSION ST. '. ~
GOOD PRESSES ON SHOP COATB. 473 TE-
hama sU . ■'•cSSSW^i'C^B
FFICE BOY. FINK A SCHINDLEB, 1309
Market st.
J-USHWASHER WANTED. 207 SECOND ST.
t-D MAN TO COOK FOR 2 MEN, $10 TO $12
per month; Oakland. 315 Sutler.
' ANTED, AS PARTNER, A STEADY MAN
to travel in country by team buying hiles
and pelts with experienced buyer; cash required
$250. For particulars call or address room 56,
Winchester House, 44 Third st.
ANTED— TO RENT A BARBER-SHOP.
'» furnished, in country town. Address Barber,
box 40. Call. 
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
JU on hand; shoes to order, *3 50; hand-so wea
shoes, $5. 726y 2 Howard st., bet. Third and .Fourth
ANTED-MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 25c
night: $1 week. Roaedale, 321 Ellis st.
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. . . \ :
ANTED— GOOD CHANCE FOR HUBBAND
and wife who understand farm work, vine-
yards, horses, etc.; good wages : state expe-
rience. Address WALTER METZ, Napa, Cal.
ANTED— IOOO MEN, EVERY DAY, AT 207
Fourth su, the biggest and best shop in the
city: 5c shaving, 10c haircuttlng.
\\ r A NTED— FOR "THE ~ UNITED STATES
» T Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
net less th»n 6 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Becrnlilng Office. 20 Ellis sU, San Francisco, Cal.
I AST WEEK OF CLEARANCE SALE OF
XJ boots and shoes; will be sold at any price. 638
Market sl, opposite Palace Hotel.
\TEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, nlcht 15c to
50c;week $1 tos2 50;readlng-room;strictestatten-
tlon to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
SUNNY ROOMS ; ROM $1 TO $3 PER WEEK.
The New Grand, 246 Third su '
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LO DG I iS, 6c TO 15c PE.R NIGHT; CLEAN.
Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OP
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN i
WEDDEBBUBN A rQ., D«spu L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and Us; of 200 inventions wanted.
WE HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
' ' selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 56* Mission st.
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room 25c a night; $1 a week.
I INUELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
X.J sts.; single furnished rms week, 16c night.
S. -REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
"1 || (\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
X\i\J and 20c a night, including coffee ana rolls.
624 Washington au, near Kearny.
KST IN CITY- -SING < E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
E ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
yonr old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait. ■
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
DOOMS 15c TO 760 PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Dru mm su
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
•to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor,' still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per nigh:: $1 to $3 per week.
\», r ANTEU.TO COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
»» eraAclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Suiter
LCHO HOUSE, 863 Vi MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $S week.
■Vl EX TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
-L'-l all grocers keeD iU
ANTED— ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»-«?ek; rooms for two, -5c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su • ." ■
WANTED- MEN' TO LEARN BARBER
1 » » : trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent- s. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
ACtSMVU WAHTSO. ■ : • ■•
ALE AND FEMALE ; QUICK SELLER;
large profit: novel package. 235 Vi Seventh. I
* GENTS— HOUSEHOLD ARTICLE YOU CAN
■t\. sell; makes; money. Department A, Detroit
Paper-bag Company. Detroit, Mich. •
WAN XJi.O- AtISCIiLI,A>KOUS. : ~~
T\7 TED — CAST-OFF CLOTHING FOR
'» children by poor woman. 663 Mission st. j.
YV ANTED— GOOD BAR FIXTURES, CHEAP.
*' Address S. M., 227 Seventh.
WANTED— A SECOND-HAND TRICYCLE.
.Address 8., box 87, Call Office. .
SECOND - HAND KODAKS, CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW
__elry_to A. KLEIN. 109 Sinn at. ; ge*nd postal. .
;^ DENTISTS.
ALL WORK REASONAB^^A^)!) " WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
G^ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
.\J ket st.. bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists: I
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. -. ■ - , .. '
J^IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
prices; first-class results: painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5376. W. C. HAR-
DING', CM., M.D., 600 Sutter su, corner Powell.
R.-LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c ; gas given.
B. GKORUE W. LEEK, ' THE ; GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of \ improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
R.L. T. I'RANZ- EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge ; work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays. '
.0*17: A SET, FOR TKETK: WaRKANTED A3
«JP I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater. - ; -
T>AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 rear*
experience. , • R. L. WALSH. ■ D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
.1 L'UOKETT, 1703 PO>T . ST., NE AB BU-
.XJ. cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
Ffi^yearV" D^^^Vallky!^^^ 5
/ IOLTON' DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80« MA*
\J ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ~^
l^R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COB. GOLDEN
Gate ave.-Op«o evenings: Sundays till noon.
I SUMMER f RESORTS, \ . '
rpo RENT— FURNISHED. HOUSE OF '-TWO I
JL rooms ;: also cabin; for month of August, with
milk, fruit and use of 1 horse - and buggy. . For par-
tlcularsW. JONES. Trenton, Sonoma County, cfai.,
'^2_l'2: :' ;' TYPEWRITERS. ■-;■: ">.
JDEMINGTON, $35;. $60; '■ HKND.FOR
-CV sam Die work. SCOTT A BAN N AN, 333Mntgiajr
pirnsoNAXs^
AVE^BETUBNEDTPIiEASED TO see YOU
any day next week. -r ,:..-'• J. G.
ADV. STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
busman partner;small capital. 122 Post 5t..,r.2
DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
lasses; instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. I'artineton. Particulars 424 Pine.
T>EKSONS DESIrUNG TO TEACH FRENCH
X In classes French Alliance, and knowing Eng-
lish, apply French Library, 305 Larkin st. until
and including Saturday, 8 to 5 P. M. ■;
V HAIR-DRESSING Is) THE KIND THAT
will catch a woman's eve and excite her envy ;
my price is only 25c; my 'Qulnonia'! hair tonic 19
the best thing for strengthening and preserving
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
* DVICE FREE; DIVOKCE LAWS A SPE-
A. dally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, eta. at-
tended to. W. HOWE, attr-at-law, 850 Market st
"PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN.,
Xioc- Bxloand 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c; 16xi!0, 30c: 18x22. 35c: 20x24,
46c: 22x28 Inches. 60c. JONES. 547 Mission st.
ATCH& JEWELRY' REPAIRING. STONE
engraving, mono. 'rams, crests: low prices; work
guaranteed. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary 3U
MRS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge:
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny St., room 47.
MR!S. SADIK EVANS COSMETIC PARLORS,
866 Market st. , room 12. .... .
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
Jr\. can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, . Jewelry, at .M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings. . t
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week : free bus and baggage to aud from the ferry.
QUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
O guaranteed . parties, $15 upward. . Cut-rate
Taloring Company,lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
KAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchge.63oMarket
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J manufra' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome, upstairs.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW*
XJ dry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market sU ■-..-'■.'
SbTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTs' AND LADIES'
clothing bought COLMAN. 41 'in. cor. Jesslw.
~~~ EDUCATIONAL.
P~^TA^o"l7ESSON^r^O^H J OUic MR, WATTsJ
218 Golden Gate aye.
■vfEGATIVE RETOUCHING TAUGU T. MISS
IN L. FUERSTNOW. 131 Post sU, fifth floor.
TIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET ST.,"
offers ' unsurpassed advantages and Induce-
ments in shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting, English branches, languages, etc.:
expenses less than at any other college. LEON
and LULA STIEHL, proprietors. -
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery sU; Individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; Ufa
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-D Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
cbanical engineering, surveying, architecture-
«ssay : estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
TT' LOCUTION, DRAMA. DELSARTE, PHYSI-
XU cal culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. ; call after Ip. m.
"LEGINNERS 25c LESSON; GUITAR, PIANO,
XJ banjo. MRS. LUTHER. 1241 Market st.
Tlyf USICIAJT FROM LONDON GIVES LESSON 3
±VX in singing; $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
RBAN SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.;
J opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE, Prln.
A LMA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
A jo studio. 405 Geary, R. 17 : hours Btolop. m.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ABITHMTC, GRAMS
day nii:ht; noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
/"1 UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ" lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
b OWEN'S ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.,"
Berkeley: special classes for the universities.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Markeu
OSEPH GKKVES, VOICE-IMPROVER.
Ninth st. ■ ' ■..■■■..
CLAIKVOYANTS. ~~ ~~
SUCCESS " ABSOLUTELY- GUARANTEED.
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and - hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice oa lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of '
families long • separated reunited by his effort*;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions: send stamp for . circular. 220 Eddy st."
Hours from 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
ME. STEWERT, SEVENTH DAUGHTER
01 the seventh daughter, still I astonishes tha
city by producing exact likeness of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast: test her powers era
she sails for Europe; she guarantees to bring back:
loat love; makes peace and happiness in the home.
Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st. Ladles and gents soc
p IT AN A THE GYPSY. ~ ~
VJ This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous development*
iii unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunites the separated
and causes speedy a-.id happy marriage with tha
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk su
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
precedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms to all: hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 303
Stockton st. ; elevator.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, curd- reader, born with a dou Die veil and
second sight; ladles 60c gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
KE T URNEI), WORLD-RENOWNED MMX
J.b SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present, and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the oletureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Markat
GYPSY MEDIUM RETURNED; SITTINGS
■daily; 25c np. 240^ Sixth St., rooms 6 and 7.
VI ISS MELViNA .CLAIRVOYANT— PICTURE
I*l of future husband and wife. 766% Howard.
VI ISS M. JULANA ROLLINS, MENTAL MAG-
XX netlc healer; test medium. 860 Market, r. 30-31
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY'
business advice : names glven;26c up. 5 Fourth.
VI MJS. MOP.EAU. BEST MEDIUM;' REVEALS
-HI past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MISS BEATRICE BLANCHE, CARD-READ-
er. late from Guatemala. 105 Larkin st., r. 2.
\1 ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
XII grave; ladles, 25c; gents, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
MME. LKOETTE —-.PRESENT, PAST AND
future; 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MRS. KNIGHT. -CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
' reader: fee 50c; Indies only. 714 Leaveriworth.
SI'IIUXIiALISJI.
A VERITABLE QUEENAJUONQ WOMEN 13
MBS. PH. A. D* HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD I FEE $1 & UPWABDI
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye?- Are you -in trouble, sick or "down".? If so'
read this and - learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten ye^ra past, is -
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on of •
write to her. : Your whole life revealed; success
brought ■to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tha
separated ' are united; the sick made strong tha
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. . Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try to imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. - Shedoea
not know what failure means! Her "Revealea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is heir to, and no
matter of bow long standing. '• Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mall is always most suo
ceasful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
■ ' • Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! ■ FEF. $1 A UPWABDt
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st, or>p. Seventh, '
■ . San Francisco. - ■ • - '
mEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME. YOUNGL
605 McAllister st.: silting dally.,
BISHOP GARRISON, GRAND DEVELOPING
seance to-night, at 1370 Market st. : 25c
VI RS. DR. MIRANDAS. THE CELEBRATED
ITI spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
MRS. KATE HOSKISS, TRANCK AND Bl73l-
ness medium; sittings dally; $1. r 136 Oak st.
BISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MABKKT: SEAN-"
XJ Tuesday. Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 daily.
A M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE-
-£*■» writer 118 Halght st ; hours 9 until 6p. m.
A D A D SWAIN; ASTRAL . SEER. -344 Mr>
Allister -a. : sittings to ladles, 1 to 8 p. m.
— — ■— — ASTROLOGY. —
A KTKoioOT AJTD JkUUM < JINK NativITIBS
xv or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde st.. 10 to .3."
PK..FI3SSIOXAL CAKDS. Z
J_42l ; Joiirth floor. Parrott building (Emporium >.
X 421. foarth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
VyiLLS DEEDS. ETC. L. SONTaG, ATT'Y
M and Notary, 116 Market; res., 2126 Howard.
J-JP.^ X I 7 C^ R , DS ' I'AW1 ' AW OFFICES. ROOMS
75,jn a F?an C 7 ,a c^ oCaurballdlnB:0 Cau rbalIdln8: lelephoD ° Maia
TOHN R. AITKEN ANDMAURICI^L. ASHER.
O attys at law, mis 516,516. sth floor. Parrott bld£
: "w ""■''.■ to lease; ,T" ' ~~~ '
T?nitii EA ? XK ~ 9&xl " 0: "large" building^
x suitable for manufacturing > purposes; corner
Seventh and Bryant sts. 411 Montgomery st.?s^l?iJ: SS CHANCES.
IF YOU WANT TO SEuToFbUYA BUSI-
-1 mm. LCBKLSKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
.Si4()o FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE IN 1
« » V* oneof l l > best loca ions In city: doing
fine business: stock fresh and first class: this is a i
in.pV«-^ : ™' l L" ailll lvI! 'nvestigatiou.
LUBELSKJ CHASE, City Hall aye. . - .
S 4 ") ( ) ? EST RAN f : T H biggest
2t?v bargain ever offered in $-an Francisco
rrruo c! , ; ,'. f T you see v - vo " wl " b "- v this snap.
LUBELSKI & CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
(T\NE OF THh OLDEST ESTABLISHED I
a_iwf am lao - d «'»es in ihs city; place is worth ,
•-MAHJ; horses, wagon ana everything Included: !
TiM»P l T ac l.-,' D t be so:!: come and investigate. !
LUBLLSKI * CHA 7 City Hall aye.
i^^^fSO ESTABLISHED GROCERY AND
m;_j— c»U. bar business; actual value of price
asked in stock »nd fixtures; good local and ou - . |
. side trade; must be sold. owner Interested In other :
business: investigate this place. LUH ELSKI & i
CHASE, 7 City Halt aye.
TF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
-»• let us show you sortie fin" places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI <fc CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
<si"l fo(\(\ OLD - BUSHED ~ CORNER
*iP XV>vy\.». saloon on prominent street: long
lease; Investigate this bargain. STENBERG CO.,
832 Market ...-,,r t
Ql Q(U\ PARTNER IN GOOD P VYING
pIOUU. saloon. STENBERUCO- 632 Mar-
ket st.
<s^l OX CORNER STATIONERY", BOOK AND '
V- X.4.0. notion store, with splendid front: oppo- i
site prominent park and school : real 912; invoice
goods; sickness. STENBERO CO.. 632 Market
<S 1 t\f\f\ PARTNER WANTED IX ONE OF
<£> IUW. the best printing offices in the city,
employing six urinters: a grand opportunity for
an active business man to clear $200 per month.
STENBERG it CO., 632 Market st
OJ;* / >7r CORNER FRUIT STORE: OLD ES-
**» — i O. tabllshed; living rooms; receipts aver-
age 912: retiring. SfKNBERG CO., 63- Market.
IJC'IO;; BUTCHER-SHOP; ACROSS THE
'■Q----O. bay. STENBERG '•■•.. o •_■ Market st
© 'JXA BRANCH BAKERY". STATIONARY
<ipo«JU. arid candy store: 4 living-rooms; low
rent; doing business of iS to $lo per day; same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market st.,
at cigar-stand.
Ql J^A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE S iORK;
<*. XOKJm best location: receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wazon: low rent; living rooms.
See BARRET 1, 1125 Market St. 5 "~ma.
CIGAR-STORE. STATIONERY AND
• — -'V/. laundry office: No. 1 location- living
\?2S£ ,'? « r ai: <loin X sooa business. See BAK-
RET 1125 Market st.
91 *>Pv BRANCH BAKERY, stationery
«t/X_,c». and candy store: north of Market st •
R°v'n7m Ol iv.^ business; living-rooms. See
BARRETT. 11-5 Market >. ■
pHEAP — WOOD AND COAL YARD; MA-
yj chinery to cut wood: express business, etc.;
clears $150 a month. BARRETT. 1125 .Market st.
d; 17 ' FURNISHED ROOMING-HOUSE OF
*-• x • O. 11 rooms: low rent: must sell at once;
owner going to the country. WILKE _ WOLF,
631 California st
0 1 ROADHOUSE. CLOSE TO THE
W i>j\j\f. city; first-class paving; owner bought
adarv. offers only accepted for 3 days. WILKE
& \N OLF. 531 California st. .
Ql 1 (\(\ CORNER SALOON ON TRASS-
<~x.x\J\.t. fer point, ren. $50: 5 years' lease:
average daily receipts 818: rarest chance: owner
keeps 2 places. WILKi-: <fc WOLFF. 531 California
*<'?n()n DBUG si ■ .!-.k IN WESTERN
*" tv y v ' Addition; 4 living-rooms; rent $45:
established years: large p»;ronsee: owner to re-
tlre. WILKE A WOLF. 531 California st
"•sftflft PART.ER WANTED IN CORNER
•„ \j\j\j. grocery and bar; good location; clo<e
to Market s:. WILKE & WOLF. 531 California.
Q 1 -S I \ VOUXG BUSINESS MAN OF GOOD
A -"- standing reputmtlon wants partner
to assist him: will pay $75 per mo:i;h. with
best prospect of large increase: must be willing to
work and assist generally: business easilr learned.
Particulars OKO. STEWART. 602 Market st.
Q4on BAKERY: ELEGANT PLACE,
tii.rx.\j\j. thoroughly equipped in every respect;
well estaoilshed and paying: selling on account of
old age: proprietor owns property: cheap rent:
living-room*, barn, etc.; nice horse and wacon:
investi at. on invited; don't miss it. UEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market SI. .. . ..
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining S8 rooms; also cround-floor and well-
Heh ed basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 b.ock from Baldwin Hotel and
-fc-mporiuro building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILV—RBERG, 320
Samome St.. room 39
rTIHE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— best equipped house In North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house is - the best
paying Investment In Northern California, »ud
roust be disposed of on account of sick ess. I- or
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATEs,
proprietor. Crescent City. Cal.
A TTKNTION. BUYF.RS.-COK. liquor SA-
-^- loon among business bouses: no night or Sun-
cay work: selling less than price of fixtures: offer
wanted. Wood, coal, hay and feed business. 5
stalls, which pay rent of yard; full value (SCO,
■Partner wanted in <-oiuai(s«ioa business; clears
975 a month to each; end all kinds of businesses
for sa c br HEAL -. <t CO., 23 Kearny st.
OR SALE— HOfEL WITH GOOD BAR
trade and 30 steady boarders: good opportu-
nity, with furniture, lea«e: -v ill be sold on account
of sickness. Apply for particulars from HARRY
FISHEER, prop ietor. Sonoma House, Point
Tlburon. Mann county. Cal. .
Cj9f JA PARTNER W ANTED ON A
<r— *'«. chicken ranch; 3 incubators; brooders
for 000 chicks: 8 «*■ token-no and reedlne-
pens; comple.e: 300 bioo-ied fowls, different sizes;
a great opportunity. Address N., box 45, Call. -
ALOON; IMMEDIAI - M»e SAL O.V AC- I
O count Of death; no reasonable offer refused: j
mock, tires; lease 3Vi years. Hie hu.e for |
95 1 5; It not sold by 25th w 'l be disposed of at
auction. H.. box 72, Call Office.
UTCHERS. ATTENTION— FINE LOCA-
-•-> tlon; new store with rooms; a thickly sealed
neighborhood; nearest shop 8 blocks off. SW. cor. |
Twenty-third aye. and Twenty-third st, East i
Oakland. ..
<s4on FOX SALE — SPLENDID OPi'Oß-
*Z)rl\J\J. ;unity; icecream parlor, candy, sta-
tionery, cigar and tobacco store: good location.
For particulars address P. O. box 958, San Rafael,
CaL
C^XKID OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
VT close estate: business est since 1868: amount
needed $40,000: owner ill remain if Arranges ent
~n be made. Addrf-* F. D.. box 137. Call Office.
QOOS . RESTAURANT WORTH 9700: ; DO-
'_ *->— O. ing a fine business: o'.vner leaving the
city; will take ?2iO cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: this is a bargain; see it 765 Market st.
QOXA PARTNER In ESTABLISHED
4 *-»-'*-'• store: part cull required; $65 month
guaranteed: exp-rlence not n*-ce*sary: closed
fcnndays. ADELANTKR, box 91, Call office.
"IV ANTED— TO TRADE^ 800 ACRES, TEN-
*• nessee, also SOO acres. Missouri, no encum-
brance, for estab'lsbed business or merchandise.
Address C, box 85, Call Office.
i^INE CORNER SALOON, CHEAP; BIL-
l iards and pool: b'lons— 10 owner: 2 livings
rooms: fine stock and fixtures: owner going East;
rent #30. 13-4 ..:»-on k. ■
VOR SAL h,— 9l7O; 2-CHAIR BA HB-"P.-^HOP,
x with baths: thru tig conniry town; S"'KJ popu-
lation: good trade: low rent Address WM. 843,
San Rafael, Cat.
\\r ANTED— PARTNER: MUST HAVE.*IOOO:
• • guarantee *10 per day: handle your own
money: no deposit required. W. F. WaLLIN, 112
Taylor St. . - ■■ . .
IpOR SALE— LIQUOR-STORE AND SALOON:
fine stock and trade; present owner going in
wholesale business; will sail cheap. 236 East st.
C*Q."^ AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
C?OO with $2.0 invested: safe: conservative;
prospectus, proofs, free. F. DALY', 1293Brrtwy,NY
To BUTCHERS— if you WANT a GOOD
X ola established bu-iness for less than cost of
fixtures (mast be sold) address box 33. Sericeley.
Ql«; £ EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
•ii' -» —O. on accouDt of tv kness: good s.aud;
clearing mouth. Apply >05 Lar-ln st
Q 1 90fi CO~R ITS FA.M ILY~~LIQUOR-
O-• — ■UU. store: 6 rooms: loug lease; good
chance for two men. Apply at Call Office. ;.-_
VOX SALE CHEAP— A~BUT> H KB -HOP IN
X the Mission; doing a good cash business. For
particulars apply at store. 227 Kills st -, - .
OLD - ESTABLISHED LIQUOR BI>INEKS
for sale on account of deatb. Apply between
10 aod 12 a. _. ,013 Montgomery it ■ ■ -
PARTNER 'WASTED, WITH SMALL CAPI-
X tal, for an enterprising traveling affair; good
profit guaranteed. P. il.. box 41. Call. '■
cfc lor GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT AND
O i-m-Om chophouse: living rooms: suitable for
zn an and wife. > Inquire Call Office
T)ART>ER IN NICK JjALOON AT TRASS-
-C fer point: small ratiltal- required; German pre-
ferred. Apply 101 Thinleth.
"DAKERY AT A BARGAIN; BAKES FROM 3
» > to 4 bois. of flour dally ; fall inspection allowed.
Centtr-iile. A lameda Conmy. - /
tOR HALE— PAYING SALOON; CAUSE i
tor veiling, owner coins East.' Address T. R.
GOULD, box 8. Petaluma. . '• -■
milK ONLY MODERN improved hotel
-lot fO rooms In Stockton for rent or leas In-
quirt D. RQTHKN-USH. "
I ADY WISHES PARTNER IN ESTAB-
J lish^d business; full value in stock. Address
m. q. box 62, can office. •.-:-,■■■ '■■■;
l\ r ANTED-PAKTNER IN WINE AND Ll-
'" quor business: eooa outside trade; cneaprenu
Call at 820 Valencia st ... -; ^,
Si^ 1 7^ RESTAURANT: VERY' ELEGANTLY |
gj, 1 1 'J. fitted up: real bargain. Apply D. Mo
REa, „$ Mission st__ _ >\ .■■---..-:■-• v'-
X ASTERN" _ r>Y DESIRES GENTLEMAN
rr' partner; small caplial: good business. ."Room
I*. 995 Market St. '
* j '-»< f\ SALOON FOR SALE;. OR TAKE
■rhi . '«• right man as partner. Address S.. 435
Thirteenth »l . . •
"p" 0R k SALE - DOWNTOWN SALOOX~FOR
4. Can °^ c °untrjr property. Address H. H-, box
*» van < >fric*.
T^JERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALK;
tbtToffict. 7 *150 per month; i price- $4000. Apply
$ I 500 Old-established okrman
gi " vu > bakery and confectionery. »11 Larkin. j
BrSINKSS CnANCKS-Contlnq^. ■
•L>OR SALE CHEAP.-9TASD IN CALIFOR-
stand * - t: dOiU!4 6OOd business. Apply 32
13KSTAURANT-GOOD LOCATION; CHEAP;
x\, no reasonable offer refused. Apply Call Office.
SRilOn HALF~INTEKEST IN MA.NU ,
<a?U\iVJU. facturing business. 328 Bush, rm.4.
UA RT Kit WANTED (GERMAN). 9:5 CAPI-
X tal: by la3y of means. 12 Mason, room 2.
GOOD ROUTE FOit SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN. 63- Market, room 2.
OYSTKR-PARI.ORS AND NR
>Alarket; very cheap. 418 Post at; after 12..
7" A BRANCH BAKERY AND COFFEE
<IP I tj\j. saloon; bar com.ecied. Inquire Call.
I WANT PARTNER TO All IN DEVELOP
| x Ing good mine. I. W.. box 157, Call Office.
FOR bALE CHEAP-COALYARD: 2 WA-
x gons. 5 Oak Grove ay*.. off Harrison st. •
r\LD-ESTABLTSHED CORNER GROCERY; j
yj bar. HILBERT. BROS.. 103 Powell st.
I^INE CORNER SALOON AND RESTAUR- !
x ant. Corner of Fell and stanyan sts.
/'ANDY AND ICECREAM STAND; FA(J- !
yj tory; living-rooms. 403 Jones st
'Ssl 7^ FINE SALOON AND 6 ROOMS;
<t>X I O. rent9lB. 211 Folsom st. I
THE CHANCE OF YOUR LIFE; BUSINESS i
x for gale. Box 2n, Monterey. Cal.
DAIRY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS FOR
sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st
T OIXiING-HOUSK IN - MINING TOWN. AD.
XJ dregs G. s., Angels Camp. -
RARE CHANCE: HARNESS-SHOP FOR i
sale. 8187 M I st. .
FOR SALE— CIGAR-STORE. APPLY 631
Kearny st -
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
Q^^O 18-ROOM HOUSE, ONLY« $350 i
| t^OiJU. 5- room corner hous-. only 18' JO j
I 60-rooni hotel and bar to exchange 2000 ;
! 9 rooms, only— only 225
12 rooms, only 9150 casn and payments .. 80D
■-0 rooms, corner, only l."> 00 j
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments. 300 ■
MONEY' TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
99 ROOMS ON MARKET ST. .- $600 i
— ._. 45 rooms, corner, c earing $'J'JO 91830 '
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to SSOUO
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st. ;
TpCRNISHED ROOMING- HOUSE OF 26 |
X 1 rp'trs for salvor 10 let S-'5 Ellis st I
1' U K.N iT Vim rui; BALK,
*" "^ ~~~^~~~~~-~^--
TuRtTsALTTi *~" ~~"
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. .;..-■. • -
Oak bed sets 918 50 !
Bedlounges 8 00 I
Stores 7 50
Carpets, per yard -' 55 |
Linoleum, per yard 65 ;
Manic;, per yard 10 |
Till our new building is erected these prices will J
stand. Till such time we .arc conducting business .
at . SE. corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
NOON AN.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. • FO«
lowest prices on household coods. new or gooj
as new; cash or lime, open evenings.
_/Wj IAKI-iTb; CHAMBER SETS. $14.
IKJKJ stoves. 95: r>ar!or sets. $20: foldln;-b«dt.
II": hod- 00 n ;h 97. T. D. MCCARTHY iri4:rt.
. tXKNJILKK WASTED.
T WANT FURNITURE^AND OFFICE FIX-
X tnresof any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 city Hall aye.
C. MUTHKR, AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALIFOR-
• ola. cor. Kearny, pays best price for furniture.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PKICES FOR FURNI-
X tare and merchandise. see-BURD, 211 Larktn.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M. !
J. SIMMONS' Ant Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
MAVhK B«JYS YOUR t'KMI L'KK,
. rarrteti. piano. ll'<\ Va»-lct: •-'. Jessie 761.
t Ai-:i'l. 1 U.I.AMM,.
JONES CU cXK?tT^cXtANiNO^AND
*} renovating works. Main office -5 and -7 8;n.
fURPET CLEANING, 3c.: LAYING. Sc. : RUG
V.-' samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Strauon. 19Sthst
REAT WESTERN CARPET-BEaTINO
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie '-'51
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
• ' poor worK send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, K5B-67 Tehama st; tet. So. -41). ,
/ >UN KLIN'S CARPET F_ATINO WORhCo. jJj '
* Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126. |
ITY I KAMI A RPET CLEANING, RENO VA-
line. Si* Bth. STEVENS, nucr. TeL Sooth 250.
ARPKJS cTJKANKD AND RENOVATE U
CARPKJS 11.HANKO AND KENOVATEO
like new. FERGUSON A CO.. 23 Tenth: l*L
fcouih _«. d. mackintosh _ CO.. successor*
K. ITCULLL CAItPET CLEAN IN 14 CO. HI
. 14th st.; cieaninc 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74. :
MCQUEEN'S CARPKTBEATINU AND KEN-
• ovatint works. 453 Ktevenson: tat. souib MML ■
■ ;
JII'SICAL ,IhSTKUa_A"I>, . .
Q UPRIGHTS, $100: CQUARE, 975; NEW i
O pianos. $175: all musical goods cheap. MAI'-
VAIS, 769 Market St. ...
ANOTHER SPECIAL. INDUCEMENT FOR i
—V purchasing from Sherman, .Clay & Co. ; ele- ,
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sod for 96 per month: only I
96 cash payment required: every Instrument I
luaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY' & CO.. cor. !
K earn v and Sutler «ts.. Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steinway & Sons' pianos.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF j
small goods at prices less than goods cost
j landed In New York: just the chance to buy a fins
i instrument for your summer outing at small out-
; lay: violins. $1 SB: mandolins, $3 35: guitars. $3:
antoharps, 91; accordiocs. flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin - outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HAKIiY sCOI'T, b±3
< Market ft.. Spreckels boildlnc.
I V-TfcINWAY LPHIUHT PIANO AND BEY-
O eral other standard-make second-hands at the
lowest pries ob: ainabls: uprights, (60. 9125. etc.
The J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood Building.
Fourth and Market sts.
(Sinn FINE HALNES PIANO. SCHMITZ,
QIUU. 16 McAllis er st. next Hibernia Bank.
"W ill-am g. badger, sole agent for
" the celebrated Halle: & Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. - .
P lAN OS— HO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. Tilt i\ W. SPKN-
CKII CO.. 933 Market st *
"LJEFOKKBt; V ING HA INE BROS.'. BUSH
X> & Gens and Knab« pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT 4 CO.. 324 Pos: st.
C'HICKKUINU, KNABK. STKCK.VOSE, BTER-
Hng pianos: see our n»— piano lor 9187: pianos
:cr rent BENJ. CURTAZ & »ON. IB O'Farrait
(^LEARANCKSALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; $150
\J up; everything at cost. BRUENN, 228 Post.
YKUX JIAO/iV. :UJ« I'OST «sT.— SOHMEit.
Kfwbr it Kvmh, I'ricrcn and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLU*NEW
O H. Ml 1.1.F.1: malcer. r>palt-T. - l_tharo nlac*.
. ' UOKSKs. T"
O^~N^~m>K^E^A3?D^^A^ON~^CHEAp! IN^
quire 1619 Powell s:.
L" E1BOLI) HA~KNe.»S COMPANY; 500 >KTS
XJ of good harness, our own n.ake. of ever/ de-
scription, for 1. ss money than you can buy Eaitern
trash: Rend for catalogue. 11 McAllister st-,3. F.
"I £. fi SETS NEW AND SECOND HaXDHAK-
J-OVJ ness, all kinds; wagons, onggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission S2
'f||| SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.wagon, carts, surrey
& rocks war: 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af\ HOKaES Fort SALfc; ALSO WAGONS,
ttl/ bugeies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hor«
Market. 327 f>lx.h st; auction sales every Wtticutr
day. SULLIVAN & DoYLK. Auctioneers.
OKsE.S PA>TCRfcD: ShN'U iv)K CIRCL-
„> ti... Ht<l» Rwn--r. 6:-(O r n m-.. r i-i»[ »■„ '
WAGONS AN'li CAHKIAIiEs. "
OR SALE — CARRIAGE, HARNESS AND
matched team, chestnut norses: also hones.
buggies, etc. New York Stables, 507 Je.-sle st, near
Sixth. *
UGGY FOR SALE: IN GOOD CONDITION;
cheap: also peart. 656 Howard st -
I,'OR SALK, AT EASTERN" PRICES, FINK
x carriages of every desc iptlon: cash, notes or
Installments. CarvlU Mfg Co., 46-48 B.h St., S. F.
SLIGHTL~i SOILED UUIV.XU tiUiVKS;
O samples. H. M. HEINEMA.V. 109 Sansoruo s'-
YEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
XX dry milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 'l fine bnggifa. »28 Harrison st.
___ ___ _______ . ____
LOST.
~t" ost_bu n ch"oflke VsTTbbtw es n city
Xj Hall and 721 Sti»c~ on s'-. Liberal reward for
return of same to 721 Stockton st. • r.~ "- \
OS . —POCKET-BOOK CONTAINING CARDS
J and paper*: ward. - 424 Sacramento st.
T OST— YELLOW POINTER DOG. RKTURN
J— I 3237 Twenty-second st, receive reward.
T OST— IRIsH SETTtR BITCH: REWARD.
XJ 1206 a Broadway. ■-■■■■
. .viioi;m:vs-at-lah. .
"^ApD^VICK^F^EE^DlVmrc^£XvT^X^E^
xL aity; privat*; ■ no charge unless soceessfnl: all'
Jaw suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at- .
tend to. G. W.HOWE, atfy-at-law. »io Market. I
f & PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTsT. !
: JJ. damage cases a specialty; mone- to loan on I
estates; Charges moderate, offices 508 Caliiornla.
\IT y. ARAM. AIT'Y-Al-LAW.SBIPARr.OTT
. Tt .bldg. Practices mall courts ;cb-rgcs moderate
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED: NO PUB-
Xj licity ; advice free, conndtntia . P. O. box 2182.
Rw .' king,"attornky-at-la w~ch"ronl
■ Icl» r>ldg: adv:c« fr^e: mfHlerMte: open evngs.
'..; ■•'."_; .-"•; " »TOBAUK.
C TOBAGK— CHEAPEST IN THeXiTY^FIBB-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
}3>L'KNITUKK.\, PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
' Tances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Post
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; flre-proot bouaiug; £mi«is : fins.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896.
HOI7RKS Tf» I>FT.
1 %V(VIAYI OR, COR. BROADWAY — SUN-
-I'-*— V/ ny residence; 10 rooms: bath: flue view;
rent reasonable. H. MEYKR, 929 Broadway. , - ;
11 V 9 BR'.IADWAY — lluUaK 4 LARGE
■• !-*> rooms: rent 9l4. _________
I?>INE SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
. yarJs for flowers; charming location on quiet
reel; clean and attractive; 7 rooms, hath,
laundry: unfinished has ment; $SU. DEMPST&R,
Ha Glen Part aye., off Twelf.h st. '• ■-••
<£• I M HOUSK, 4 ROOMS, LARGE YARD
«3) X VJ . and cellar. Key at bakery, Twenty-
lourth and Guerrero. ...* .
91 (\7 BL'«H— HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH;
— L\J i rent reasonable. Call 10 to 4, on premises.
QI A HOUSE: 6 ROOM.M; YARD. 917
ijp 1 \J. Treat aye., near Twenty-second st.
I 41 PAGE— HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND LARGE
i £ suble. ' .-■■-■'■.■.■ :-.'•-.
SPLENDID 12-ROOM HOUsE. 3392 TWENTY -
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
Ing or private residence: very low rent. . tee It.
TjdUSE— A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
II to rent br BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery St. '
COTTAGES TO LtT.
"TXI ■ EL&SXNVToTTAGK7i, HOC D
-Tl flats. Western Addition, $12 up. SPECK.&
CO., 602 Market st.
I OVELY MODERN 6-ROOM U N N Y COT-
I-» tage; rent $16. 4392 seventeenth st., above
Douglass. . . - ■
pOTTAGE 3 SUNNY" ROO_S: YAKD, BASE-
\J ment; small family. 1230 Folsom st, near
Ninth.. ...
pOTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND hTABI.E. 34 MlL-
v. \er St., off Mission, nr. Seventeenth.
Q?Q Z.(\ COTTAGI!.; 3 ROOMS. 18 PROS-
f>Q .O\J. pect aye- bet. Twenty-seventh and
(O.OV/. pect aye, bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts.. near Mission. '
EXT CHKAP; SUNN COTTAGES; 4 AND
6 rms: lath, basement, yard.- 15th * Dolores.
FLATS TO LJiT.
"q-1 £ FINE" LO ' WEbTIfLAT bF"4~LAR(TK
tJ)xU,. rooms; sunny side; water free; 310
Clementina st., near Fourth Apply to the land-
lord upstairs, or to E. ROBINET, 41iy a Califor-
nia st. .... ■ ■ . •
LUSii UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS. BATH, ETC.,
r $22: lower flat, 6 rooms, bath, laundry, large
yard, $.5: both above in perfect condition: on
12th St.. cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement opp. private park, 916.
DEMPSTER, »6 Glen Park aye., off 12th st
Gi 1 .1 &f\ SNUG LOWER FLAT; ALL CO
k^X^.OXJ. v-niences; $10. "
Snug upper flat; 6 rooms. 4222 Nineteenth st,
nr. Castro. . * ■
TO LKT— BEAUTIFUL MODERN* Fi.AT: 6
sunny rooms; largo yard, garden and base-
ment: 920. MJO9 Buchanan st
1 J.l ft BAKhR— LOWER FLAT. 4
1 rooms, bath, etc; modern improve-
ments; yard; water free; 916. -
1 1 9M I GILBERT, NR. HYDE — UPPER
xx£,\J-£ flat: 6 sunny rooms: bath. •
I OWEK FLAT; 5 SUNNY' ROOMS AND
XJ bath, basement and yard. 134 Page s..
PPER FLAT— 6 ROOMS: BATH. 906
> Tmiiir «t., cor. Dolores.
*■)') \t\ BUSH— SUNNY HAY-WINDOW FLAT
-*."iv of 5 rooms and bath; $16. r_
Q49 GROVE, NEAR FJLLMORE— LOWER
* 1— flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; bath; basement; yard: fib- '
<-)Z.*)~\ PINE NEAR~SCOTT— UPPER FLAT;
— .»J — 1 7 rooms; bath; wUh»arer; 92).
S~ UN NY' UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AN D BATH.
14161/2 Devlsaderost, near Geary.
3 -ROOM FLAT. CORNER McALUSTiiR AND
0 Polk sts. "
1(' RaHSCH, NR. UOVVARL—- .\l-.». -l . .- .
J U flat; 3 rcoms: larce yard: cheap rent
EALTU, PLEASURE ANP ECONOMY"
combined; all bright, cozy flats; 5 rooms:
bath: marine view. Hand 10 Hanover place, off
bacran>ecto St.. below Mason: keys cor. Mason.
Q I a AND 91-; UPPER AND LOWER FLAT;
O'"i4 sunny clean rooms. 403 Cak st,
<_ 1 Q FLAT OP 3 LAKGE ROoMS; LARGE
«J)1O. yard. "-M2V2 Eleventh st.
£• I - GEARY— LOWER FLAT; FINECuNDI-
Oil) tios: rooms, bath: all light and sunny: $30.
Q1 LE A VKN WORTH- HA N DSOME ■ 1 n"-
Olt ny flat 7 rooms, bath, cellar; rent reduced.
"ZjTTT* FLAT 6 HOOM3 AND HATH. 1027
CIU. Post st, near Polk. '
Q1 o ELEGANT MODERN oUNNY FLATS:
•_ In. 6 rooms, bath- 135 San Jose aye.. nr. 'J4tu.
rrnsiTUKE FOX house-: INSTALI.MNTS
X new or 2nd band. Lundy Furn.Co.,Bl3 Market.
DESIKABLr. SUNNY iui..M-. X i'L.,i: b
rooms: latest imrrovements. 1541 Eddy st
(T.9.1.50-ELEGAN FLAT, 6 ROOMS.BATH;
»_ — — all new lmiirovements. 762 Folsom. .
,{. j<• water REE ; lovely upper
OxD. modern sunny 5-room flat: 100 feet from
ro cars- 4073 Twenty-third si.: key 4075.
T\EaIKABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
J ' with bath ard all modern Improvements.
1653 Bush st., bet. Franklin and Uoush; reut, in-
fi.Hi"««T.Ms 50."
. _.— „' ...-..--<■ __'l' AND OTHERS TO
x rtntbyiiAi.uWi.\4 HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
t ornery St.
VTEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BaTH; $12:
i-\ water free. 629 Ivy tv«,
L LKUANT NEW FLATS. ' fcKVKNTH ST., BE-
XJ low ilrvan:. 5 and rooms, bath: $8 10 $16.. -
iiOlM.kthl'l.Mi Kt>O-l.>.
. - A»!i Avenue.
"I fYQ ASH AYE — 2 NICE UNFURNISHED
LUO rooms for housekeeping: 98.
- ' ' liuf.li street.
1 9OQ BUSH, NEAR LARKIN— 3 UNFUR-
I-OO nlshed housekeeping rooms, lower flat. I
tUilr Stvee;.
Q-1 7 EDDY— H OUSEKEKPINQ ROOMS;
•Jl I nicely furnished; splendid location; private
family.! .
\ Elgin Park.
00 ELGIN PARK— 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
OU furnished compel*; piano; reasonable. '
tills Wim,
Q9O ELLIS — 3 CONVENIENT ROOMS, COM-
'J— O piete for housekeeping: gas, bath, sunny
porch: reasonable; private family.
r»l««iii Street..
Q1 A FOLSOM— &UNNY FRONT ROOM AND
OXV/ kiw hen complete: do children.
"1 ICm FOLSOM— 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
-I 1 v'" 7 complete for housekeeping.
Glen Park Avenue.
r GLEN PARK aye., OFF TWELFTH— 3 UN-
-0 furnished sunny rooms; closets.
Howard Street.
ZCIA HOWARD — SUITE OF NEATLY FUR-
UyJrt nlshed housekeeping rooms: gas and
bath: 910. . -
ifiA -RD.COR.3D-FINELYFURNISH-
• "x ed front rooms: also housekeeping; cheap.
Lavkin stree;.
Q(\A LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
Ou"r room and kitchen, 99: double room, $7.
1 (\(\l± PARKIN -SUN N V FURNISHED
1 \J UI) parlor floor, 920; also single rooms, $4.
Leaven-worth street. , .
1 ill H 1 LEAVEN WORTH— FLOOR,
XV/X.V2 unfurnished; fine housekeeping rooms;
chean. •
. &icAlli*r<-r Street.
99QA MCALLISTER - 3 UNFURNISHED
»-— rooms, private family; references.
.3iliina street, :;
C AC* MINNA— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
O"±\J plete for housekeeping ; Urge yard. ■
liiSlia* -lion..
1 fICC MISSION —"sunny front suite
X.\J%jO complete for housekeeping; housekeep-
Ing rooms $7 up. . . .■--.-...... -
1 I IK'-l MISSION, NEAR SEVENTH— 2 FUR-
-1 \i\JO nished suites for housekeeping: also sin-
gle rooms. : t ' ' ,
1 91 7 MISSION — SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
-I^-il I keeping rooms: newly renovated. .. ..
| 999 MISSION— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED
-» — .— _. complete for housekeeping; gait; bath.
Oak Street.
9QA OAK-TWO UNFURNISHED PARLORS
— iOv/ for housekeeping. , • _\- ■.■■..■ - -■;
1 Oik Street. " *
1 (*AO POLK — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
XUttO large sunny front rooms for housekeep-
ing: rent 9-0. ■.. ■' ■ ■ . ■ ■-. '■ " ■ ■ . .
e>n 4 PLAIN FURNISHED ROOMS;SUNNY:
»5 I . to small quiet family. 2702 Polk St.
' Post Street.
71 C POST — LOWER FLOOR UNPUR-
■ I XO nlshed; whole or par;-, tor housekeeping;
central. . . ■ ... ■'.
(199 POST— PLEASANT BACK ROOMS;
' '— — furnished for homekeepiog; reasonable;
$10; rear entrance. ; .".:.-.:■,-■■. ■•.-■;.... ■ ..-
Seventh Street. '
"I O/-J SEVENTH ST.— SUNN FURNISHED
1 DO front single rooms: 91 week.
. : Steve—Won' Street.
1 rrj SEVENTH - LARGE ROOMS FOR
Ie) I housekeeping: 98 an.) 99. - '
Af\O STEVENSON.- COR. FIFTH — FUR-
*i\JO nlshed rooms for housekeeping. -. -. .
or 1 STEVENSON— FURNISHED OR UN-
OOOz furnished sunny housekeeping rooms.
tiAO STEVENSON, : BET. ~SK V ■ M T AND
U*±— Eighth— 2 furaiined housekeeping rooms;
bstlii ceuir_. fflflMlfllllll_Mt_-_<*_Hgir
HOCSEEEE PINO BOOMS — Continued.
-- Tiveuty-sixtli Street. -.".-•■
OOCT TWENTY-PIXTH. NEAR MISSION—
•~>oD I Nicely furnished, housekeeping; rooms;
rentalow: yard. ' _ __l : _i,___i__-_l^_' '
 . : BOOMS TO , LET. ; -■'■ m
Anthony Street.
8 ANTHONY. OFF mission, NR. SECOND—
Sunny furnished rooms: 75c week. . --;
California Street.
91 OA CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOM'S
— 1 — "x for gentlemen. - *
. Lady Street. *?
119 EDDY — 2 NEAT SUNNY PINOLE
11 rooms for gentlemen : $6 60 and $6. - :■■''■,.
I 1 Q EDDY— BRIGHT SUNNY KUOMS $6
1 1O up; also front suite cheap, , ■ -. .
CALL AT THE PORTSMOUTH FOR NICE,
reasonable rooms. 41 Eddy, earner Mason.
i-j.bth btreeu
CHERMAS ATAKTMENT HOUSE, CT «TH
0 st. near Market! lornlshea and nnfornlshad.
i..w> Stree;.
4 VANDELL, 120 ELLIS— SUNNY SUITES.
-A. $4 week up; single roous, double beds, 62 up;
bath free. , ' . " ■ ■-.-......
M»HE KAMON-*. 130 KLLIS: AIRS. KATK 8.
1 MART, manaser-A quiet house; centrally lo-
csted; newly iurnlshed: elevator: hot & cola water.
091 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O-.1 lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
'_)»».> ELLIS iTHi. ' PALMETTO); MRs A. J.
O_.-5 CALHOUN, prop.— Ftr«t-class housekeep-
Ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms.
QO,I ELLIS— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOM
O-.1 with bath: private family ; lor2 gents; 98.
l-'olsom Street.
7Q^ FOLSOM-LARGE SUNN FURNISHED
I OO front room; suitable for lor 2; $6.
ouirrMrea..
ml GEARY, OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
*-l 4 g furnished or unfurnished rooms: key 217
rPHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. I'iUl Geary st. SW. cor. Van Ness »ye.
. i.oiur-ii Onto AT«uue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE-NICE SUNNY SINGLE
«1 O rooms from 95 to tS. : . ...
tiuimnt Street.
■VTEWPORT HOUSE, 1113 Vi HOWARD ST.,
-»-i near seventh— Sunny tarnished room*, from
$1 25 a week up; housekeeping from $_ up;
transien^. ____^ - '■-*■'-.
1 9IHH HOWARD — LARUK SUNNY PAR-
-I_,V<J2 lor, suitable for 2, 97; also housekeep-
ing room*. . -. -. .
Jessie street.
n- A JESSIE— NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM.
Jones Street.
9H7 ."ONES' — THE VAN WrNKLB: NEW
-A' I manaeecient: elegant sunny suites an 4
alnsle: newly furnished: bath, etc.: Ho to sm
O(\Z\ JONES— LARGE SUNNY FRONT PAR-
OUd lor; running water; use of bath. .
»-tkmr Mrei..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-"V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
Class in every respect; terms reasonable.
Lesveairorth btreet.
im' LEAVENWOrtTH-S UNFURNISHED
lull) rooms with bath for housekeeping; $10.
*"■*** *_____ .•« . '•"
777 MARKET— AMERICAN HOUSE: SUN-
I I I ny furnished rooms, suite and single; cheap.
VOSsKMITK HOUstU 104S MARKKT — Plsß
1 night. 85c to $1 : wefk. $1 60 to $5: families. )
"I Q1 .1 MARKET - VAN NESS HOUSE-
-IOJL-. suite of unfurnished rooms; also light
housekeeping. - -
Mason Street.
OnO MASON— FURNISHED SUNNY
O_Q suite-; bath; reasonable. '
i«i a MASON — sunny, NEWLY FUR-
nil nlshed or unfurnished rooms for two; rea-
sonable. - .
McAllister Street.
OO£a MCALLISTER-SUNNY" FURNISHED
—— U rooms, double and single; , private family;
$8 ana 910.
... 3ii»i..ori > treet.
QQQ MISSION— FRONT SUNNY HOUBE-
-000 Keeping rooms, 96 to $10 per month; also
single, 94. .-.■.■■ . ■ -.-
Ql»w MISSION— PLEASANT ROOMS,
CUi • suitable for housekeeping: *ls3 others.
*Alll9 MISSION, M<. TWENTIETH—
-*' «- sunny rooms: furnished or partly fur-
nished; SUit«a or ilngle; private. :-:, . :
O'l-arrell Street. ,
A-\ f* O'J-ARRE LL- CHANGED HANDS;
11U nicely furnished suites and single; terms
reasonable.
r^)O OKARRELL— FRONT ROOM. FOR GEN-
• ?_.»J tlemanin private family; good home; ref-
erence. • • . •
second Street.
pENTRAL LODGING-HOUSE, 63 SECOND—
\J Thoroughly renovated; convenient; respecta-
ble: reasonable.
11" SECOND— NICELY FURNISHED BUN-
XxO ny rooms; terms very reasonable.
- ; sixth ' Street.
1 9A SIXTH-SUNNY KURNLSHED HOUSE-
Xmm\J keeping and single rooms; transient. ■
SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
nicely furnished single and double rooms.
Stevenson Street.
LARGE PUVNY UNFURNISHED ROOM
i j suitable for tailor or dressmaker. 646 Steven-
son st.
Stockton Street.
900 STOCKTON, COR. GEARY— SUNNY
mm\J\J furnished downtown rooms; $7.
' ■' buiier street.
QfiQ BUTTER— FURNISHED ROOMS OR
O\JO suites. 9125 to $10 a week; night, 25c to
$1 60; transients solicited.
7(lO BUTTKR.COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I \''i newly lurnlshed sunny rms.: suite or single.
'A lor street.
IAQ TAYLOR-LA KG DOUBLE PARLORS;
-LUC/ 2 beds: single rooms $1 50 a week. . ■
• Miscellaneous.
p OUGH. NR. PINE— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
VJ alcove room, and large room connecting: fur-
nished or unfurnished: board optional; private
family. Address Reasonable, box 99, Call Office.
rjUIE ALKEMARLE, COR. MASON AND
1 Market— Elegant sunny suite, fronting Market
St.; suitable for a doctor: rent reasonable.
15OAHDISU AND KOOMS. •
'fTr^i^lfY^icTc elVfur niShe^Fsunny
I 1 V rooms with board: terms reasonable.
1 dl\^\ VAN NE-S AYE.— alcove room
X.I\JU with board; private family; refereuces.
'-ft. . JONES — SUNNY* ROOMS, SUITE OH
OV/x single; board if desired.
KOO ELLIS — NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
\J*JU lors, en suite or single, with board.
7»_>7 ELLIS, NR.POLK— FORNIStiEDROOM"
101 withpoard. '
1 ADI WISHES a -COUPLE MORE STEADY
xj boarders. 403 Sixth St.; bakery.
OT*.L BEUTLI.NU. 714 LUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references tUven ana required: all mod-
ern conveniences.
CUILUKK.V UOAXIVEI). .
p HI LDREN ' BOARDEDTI'ItIVAYK^FAM ILY
VJ in country; school nearby: $10 a month. MRS
L. Isaac, Dlmond Postofllce, Upper. Fruitvale,
Alameda County.
I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD. 123 GER-
-1 mania st. . ■ . . . . ;
I LIABLE WETNURSE WISHES A CHILD
to board. 16V2 Folsom aye.
ADY WITH GIRL OF 16 WISHES 1 OR 2
children t ) board. 821 Cumber and St.
BTOJUU TO LKT. :. ■". . "
qTT MXIIKIKT7^N^A^LAincrN^*GOOD
<£)00. front rASHTON <t GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st. ' .- ' " ■ . - -
rpwO STORES, NOS. 8 AND 10 EIGHTH ST..
X just off Market, with 2 and 3 living-rooms in
excellent order: . well salted for milliner, dress-
maker or barber; rent -low. > Apply 10 P. C MOL-
LOY, 138 Montgomery st
TORE AND THREE LIVING-ROOMS. "555
Fourth st ,\
lARGE BASEMENT TO LET CHEAP. COR-
i-i ncr First and Market sts. ■ . -
TORE COR. LAFAYETTE, 1624 HOWARD;
O with fixtures for saloon; fit- for any business,
cheap rent. V•• - -.-.'.' -.:••• ■ •.■...-■
oFFlCiij TO-ET. *': ' *•
91 CALIFORNIA— BEST LOCATION IN cifV
£* ' for broker or commission merchant; storage-
room If desired., S. FOS PER <fc CO. :
ESK ROOM TO ■ LET; IN A.; PLEASANT
sunny office .in Crocker build for $15 per
month with 'tree services of a competent aten-
ograpner. Ad. BILLINGTON, box 54, this office.
9A O'FAKRKLL— LARGE, SUNNY" OFFICES;
+m\J eleciric lights; elerator and janitor services. .
"II O iJDT.Y'-FINKISUITE: UitOUND FLOOR;
J. 1O offices for doctor or dentist. .
PRECKELS BUILDING, 927.' MARKET-
Elegant snnnv offices. $12 60 op; electric-light; f
beating and janitor service free. Apply at buildin;
or v. ii. VUBSEX & CO., 14 Montgomery su ,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HINTS TO REAL ESTATE . : . -"!'» '■■{■''. ;
- INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERS.
V on can make some money now haing land any- '
where within an hour's ride of a treat seaport city.
ion can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than others. .
■ You can make the most money • if you select a i
place naturally situated for a town, located in the i
direct line .of up-to-date public and private im- I
provements, easily accessible ' by cheap and fre- !
quent railway and weter transportation lines to a
treat commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and otter existing business centers, yet far enough
away from any to Insureof Its becoming a prosper-
ous, sclf-sopporting "d independent community
FITCHBURO IS SO SITUATED
As to combine all thes- advantages and many
others. It offers splendid Inducement! to those !
about to start easiness of any description.
For suburban i ones it r vals u;iy of the thickly !
populated centers around the buy.
:It is only 45 minutes from San Francisco and 2 !
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight
Station on both lines. No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad.
ELEGANT CHURCu EDIFICE RECENTLY i
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS.
The streets are graveled and ornnmented with
avenue trees, c ypress hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these imjircvpni'-nts. - .
NOTE THE ELEGJBLE LOCATION.
■ Consider the social advantages sure to multiple I
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
your Investment in a prospec ive business center
as compared with the many Isolated one-s'.reet
tracts now on the market.
sKE FITCHBURG.
Invest Judiciously and the almighty dollars |
sure to come your way, will do the rest Lots
ready 10 bui a on, size 25 and 50 feet trout by 100
to feet deep. .
PRICE ONLY $4 TO «10 PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 per cent cash; balauca in monthly
payments.
THAI). & FITCH. Fltchburg, San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery st. S. F.
Qt^XA 9250 CAN REMAIN; MORTGAGE;
*3)U«JU. west side High St., 175:6 south Ocean-
bouse road: south 90 feet, west 142:2, to Ocean-
house road; north 98:10 feet, east 101 10 High
st, bet. 25th ana 16th. CiiAUL-s c. FlsHEit,
507 California sU . • :.. 4 . '*
U«l»>~ COST $325; LOT NO. 1089 GIFT MAP
Ci-O. No. 3
$1350— 37:6x62:6; Broderlck St., nr. Ellis.
?!3650— 33:6x1£0: west side ranches, nr. 14th.
. ■ . . CHARLES C. FISHER, 507 California.
<51 9^l COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS: BEKKE-
C x£* O\J. ley; lot 50x100: near station; $300
down. 915 monthly.' -
«160- Lot 24x100; 95 down, 93 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. .
OR SALfc. — ELEGANT NEW 12-KOOM !
house; saloon-parlors; reception and billiard
rooms; furnace heat: opp. park. . 1917 Oak st
C. BKM.IS. ... .. . .4 ._ .. .
• • I'.KAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
3-4 MONTGoMERYan
f^SgisM'^s) . T"*lJCCH3iEd!StCClil lifflJl
FOR .-A..'-:
f26OO— E. s'»t» of stanyan st, bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet. ;
9450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x15!) feet
96700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
lug the Presidio and bay. ' • . .
*6000— modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :t> lee:; electric road parses houses;
make offer. ■ : . ■ . .
2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison sc.
bet. Firs: ana Fremont i . .
$8500— Klcrant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts>
9300— Choice building lots north of Dark.
ALL HOMES, 910 MO. UP; LOW PRICES;
C: easy terms. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
TNSTALLMENT LOTS, .95 DOWN AND $5
-I- per mouth: low Interest; street work done. Ap-
ply 3207 Twenty-second St., cor. Mission, after
7:30 p. St.
"L^OR SALE, ON EASY* TEtIMS: $500 CASH,
-L $35 per month: 2 beautiful modern cottages,
containing porcelain tub, tiled bathroom, 2 elegant
mantels in each spacious hall; finely decorated
throughout; finished basemen's and attics: must
be seen to be appreciated; one located on the
N\V. corner of 25th and Diamond sts.: lot 35 feet
front: the finest home and site In the Mission:
the other is located on Golden Gate aye., between
Baker and Ly on, and Is almost completed. For
terms apply to S. A BOKN.. owner and builder,
4079 Twenty-fourth st., near Castro. .
CVBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES~Br I
09160 to 9275 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
AA'EtK-M NEWS FOR 6 CENTS—
-A V/KEKLY CALL, la -/rapper, for mailing.
MICYCLKS.
GREAT BARGAIN!? — 1 LADY'S. 1 GKNT'S
VJ high grade; new. J. H. WOOD, 14 Sansome.
pAMERA. GUITAR AND CASH TO KX-
\J changs for second-hand bicycle. Send address
to Bllee, box 132. Call Office. ■ -■ •
TRIBUNE, 950: BEN HUR. LADIES'. 950;
X Belle's New, 950; ■ Ben. Hur : Tandem, almost
new. DAVIS B ROS., 25 Geary st
WINFIKLD PEAKSON. 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Ln-ml-nnm and Thistle bicycles
1./AROAININ A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
I J single wheels. 306 Post st
A '86 YOSEMITE TANDEM: 985: ALMOST
new. W. CRANE, 3-4 Post st -.- ....
ARK CYULKRY— NEW WHEELS TO i_BT;
X bast accommodations. Terminus Geary, 24>
Allister and Powell st car lines.
rOK SALE— MisOKLLA.NKO(I>,.
Onn-CAPAciTY-RELIABLE INCUBATOR
£.\J\J complete: • used twice; a bargain. 1427
Dwight Way, Berkeley.
QQ 14 PIECES 4xl-', 20, OR 7 JO FEET Ix 6.
00. 14'J Collinicwood st. ' -i3G3tSf*3&SS&
ARB, SHOWCASES, COUNTERH. SHtLV-
ing. etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission st V
OfcO^ NEW 7-DRAWER DOMESTIC SEW-
O— .O. Ing machine. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
tl^OR SALE-SET OP BANQUET DISHES;
150, including knives and forks. 22 John st
OMESTIC SEWING-MACHINE, WITH AT-
taohment, 915. 2437 Mission st : .
TUBT ARRIVED; FRESH COW: 5 DAYS
0 calved; goodmliker; gentle. 1312 Folsom st. -
$•1 OS FOR BUILDING ON LEADED LoT:
*SDx_.O suitable for grocery. \\. CRANE. 324
Post st
SPLENDID REMINGTON TV 1' .WRITER,
$45: others from 920. up. REVALK, 310 Cal.
OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER: ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc - W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington st - ' - ■ : .
OILERS. AND MACHINERY,
XJ waterpipes- Mclntoah <fc Wolpman. 137 Reals.
BUY YOUR BABY' CARRIAGES AND HAVE
them repaired; separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carnage M'f g. Co., 442 Sixth.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H. P.: PERFECT
order; 2 Adams prtg preages: power 516 Mission
ONK HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
Apply VIOJ Larkin St., after 6 p.m. *
OUNTKRS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and so.'d. 11'^lVa Market.bet 7th & Bth.
i l'JI.l)j:»u-s liuLvilli; LUMBER, SASH-4
' ' doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE .-MALL MEDIUM AND LA HUE SIZS
tiro and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market St.
LURK AND BURGLAR HA.VK LETTKR-
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. IUJ Clay.
r KW kiSHt) CHEAPER THAN c*KCONi>
-1 hand, *'. it RAY M)t Co.. lit California st
SEWING MACHINES.
]V : family" singers for rknt.9l
i.l per mouth: V. S. Singers,' $2. 1559 Market
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
-TV rented, repaired: lowest rates.' '.'O5 Fourth st
■UUOAIa. :
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and. diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately;, prices to suit the
times: home In confinement DR. ■£ MRS.
Da VIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank:
consult free: French- regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. it. and 7 to 9 p. m.
A LL CASKS . OF IRREGULARITIES RE- |
-T. stored in a few boors: sate and sure relief i
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay, pri- !
▼at* horns In confine - regular .<■ graduate \
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI- I
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the '
doctor before going elsewhere; you will aava ttma
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Fos. st^ near Larkln.
t A NEW PROCfcSS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
. -i\- ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her . !
own ■ physician for all female troubles, no matter
from -. what cause; - restores always in one day:
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to Ibe treated safe and sur.- cail on a
man's physician. DR. ; POPPER." 318 Kearny st •
L'OttJIKX-GREK.N'S GUAHANTK CUKE;
x greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for weakness of any kind; cure guaranteed or i
money returned; trial free. Agent, F. S. KELLY"," ;
102 kddyst. S. F. .-■.-■■■>■..- . -.«•■-.
DRB. GOODWIN. DISEASES WOMEN SPE-.
dally; unexcelled In restoring Irregularity or i
other conditions:- home in confinement: best care:-' i
low fees: pills 92. Moved to 904 McAllister st : ;
LPKAUS FRENCH PILLS_A~BOON~TO
ladies troubled with irregularities:, no danger. '
left and sure; 92 60 oppress C O. D. ; don't deia/
tuitil too late. - osuooD BROS.. Oakland. CaL -
RS. DR. WEGENi-.R TAKES LADIES BE- ;
lore and oaring confinement:. Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats air female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st • :- -
URK CUKE FOR ALL FKMALE DrsiASE^
from whatever cause: ■ a born* In confinement i
with every comfort; ' action KuaraAtesiL by . :
Jit;s. Pit. DWTKB, Turk st . - , i - .... "
QtrtAFOR EVERY FAILURE TO CURK ; I
i~jU\J\J; eye. diseases successfully ■ treated. La-
ales." consult free MRS. DR. SCOTT, Specialist
216Powellst. ;.. ■.-.. ■;■ .: .' ,
MRS. M. K. RODCiKRH. PRIVATE HOME IN
'confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st I
R -. J. A. ACH A RD,~, i: ID WIPE— HO.MK ' IN j
confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
1 F IRRKGULAR OK A> V KKMALK Di EASE
X see MRS. Pit I'UIiTZ and be content "54^ 4th.
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
DR. FUNCKK. 1416, Eighth »t.. Alameda. ■■_•--',--'
1 \H. HALL, 14 iIcALLIbIKU -ftTKEET. NlkAtt
-L/^Jout» ■ ■ iiiituatj ox woiueu aad c&Uona. -
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
\\T ILL ■ BE SOLD AT A .SACRIFICE: : 162
•' acres of land, beautifully situated In Sonoma
County; has a fine orchard, a good 'house. -. stables
and barn ; it is a fine home or as an Investment: It
Is at present, worth many limes the price asked.
For further particulars apply to A. 8., box 85,
this office. . • .?, . ; .- r-. > - . - t- , .-, , • -.-
rrO RENT, SONOMA HOUSE OF SIX
■x -. 100 ms, sir acres of land, partly orchard, barn
and outbuildings. -soitabl" for a home or chicken
raising: excellent neighborhood: near schools;
fine clima-.e. Address L. >:., box 80, Call Office.
C(\ AUJii:s LEVEL LAND 3 MILKS FROM
C \J Santa Rosa: of no use to owner; will sell at a
sacrifice. J. J. O'ROURKE, »02 Broadway. Oat-
land. - -V ■ - ■ . • . . . •
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
grating purposes.: or an' orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash otr.l i.v Is required.
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 328 Montgomery st.
ARLN COUNTY'— 3COO ACRES .8 MILES
from city; lo 3 any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land ; ra-1 or water transit; $40 to 976 p«r
acre; terms to suit. - Syndicate Investment Com-
psoy. 65 Chronicle building. ■ -
A LAMEUA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CUOIC-
J\. est in the State; s^l'.inj In tracts. 6 acres up-
ward. £35. per acre: adjoining latuis held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell; 1% hours frm S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building. '
T ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO ToW.s, I.\£-
XJ proved, easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 30 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market s: . S. K. y
Sfc.Nlii'UßOliK l.:-.i t>* i »RCK A Ku hu t clS
inrmtln. WmiSTKK WH I'l'rnV. -•»■» i'X-*.'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
■ OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
Q9R^n 2-STORY: 6 ROOMS; NEW OR
' -wv. modern improvements: lot 52x100:
Twenty-third at., near Twenty-fifth aye.. East
Oakland: terms to suit customer. A. .XL BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland.
QFLnOA WK ARE AUTHORIZED TO SELL,
« '>W\J. among other property, a fine 9-room
house, all modern and complete, with large corner
10t45x:03; NE. cor. Eighteenth and Castro
this property is worth 97000: easy terms. Call cr
address A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway. Oakland. ;
*<V>V»\n iF YoU WISH A NEW 6-ROOM
KD-J— UU. house, built to suit you. on a lot 40 x
125. Grove st., nr Russell, for 52250. cail or ad-
dress A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland. "
<ao<2f)n WILL BUY A FINK 6-uoom COT-
ij?U\J\J\J taste, all modern, lot 50x100. on Ninth
st,' nr. Castro, worth $4500: must be soid to close
an estate; easy terms. Call or address A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
*Kil 1 OfT" 4 " 011 COTTAGE; LOT 25x100:
*U>XX\J\J. worth 91700;- must be ■ sold to close
an esta.e. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oak-
land. v .
Q*^9^H A FI^"E 8- ROOM RESIDENCE;
C «■> — O\J . lot 25x100: Eleventh st., near Castro:
worth 84000; must b> sold to close an estate; this
is a bargain; easy terms. Call or address A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oagland.. •. .
(ft! M^ll A FINE MODERN COTTAGE;
1 >iO\'. bath and high basement; lot2axll4:
on Valdez st., near Park aye., East Oakland; $100
cash, balance small monthly payments. A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
$-- LOTS AND UPWARD— A LLENDAI.E
I O Tract. East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland: grand
view and a choice site for a home: streets graded
aud macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on; a tine school with 2 elect la roads near by;
tfrms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract tree of charge. 468
Ninth st., bet Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JONES, owner. . •', ~. '
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THIS
- V WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE--1435 PARK STREET.
ALAMED.A KKAL ESTATE. \
QQ9^fi 2-STORY. 7-ROOM " h6uSE~*CoT-
<TOiic»\.'. - tace. 6 rooms, large lot: former price
94500: must be sold. T. F. BAIRD, 1303 Park
St., Alameda. - - v .
T7OH SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE,
-L' a modern 2-story dwelling: 11 rooms, bath, etc.;
prouuas, 75x175: furnished if desired. For par-
ticulars apply on premises. 2241 Pacific aye.. near
Park st.. Alameda.- A very line new Sieinway
piano also for sal*. ..-,:-■ -..--■-.
. i BEKK-JJiY KKAL tSTATE.
SAVE RENT— ONLY 9150 C: MODERN. NEW
4-room cottage: 1 block from station: pay-
ments same as rent: 40-foot lot. • 3L.L.WCRTS,
opposite Dwight way station.
5 -ROOM MODERN COTTAGE. $1250
5-room modern cottage. $1000
4-room cottage, hard- finished ....5750
8-room cottage, partly rJnlth?d ...f 130
F. BoEGLh;, uolden Gate Station. .
GOOD HOMES FOR" RENT OR FOR ALE
on easy terms. - O. G. MAY & CO., real eataM
and bulldlcgj 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
Joseph J. mason, ke a l estate AND
Insurance ngent. feriteley smtn. adjoining bank.
. PiIOPKRTX TO KXCiIANGJE.
OUSEAND LOT IN LAND FOR
park lots. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
TTOUSE AN LOT IN SEATTLE EXCHANGE
J-L for ranch. DECKER. 1020 Market st. I :
1 *>>!( \ ACRES* TIMBER LAND. KERN CO.;
■I^UW w»ter: for cat:ip-rii N..bx.16.Ca1l
MONEY 't'u LOAN.
6f\ (\(\(\OX IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
ov ■ \J\J\J sums not exceeding $1000. Call at
room 629, Parrott Building. ■
AN * A OUST • ON BONDS. - DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; Interest low; private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant ay« : : : -,
: \ DVA.NCKS 'ON DIAMON DiS, • WATCHES,
-=-. Jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without - re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 848 Market st ; open evenings.
mi on (\f\f\ to LOAN, CITY, AT 6*: also
«35-LUU.UUU. OakUnd and country, rife In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large gams.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CU, .218-220
Montgomery st. .  ; ; • ; .
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTKH-
j-'I est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONEY LOANED ON JKWhUV ANO
other valuables at th« . Security Loan Offl:«.
llteMarketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tare
1 DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO.-
xt no removal; no delays; no commissions:' low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohus bldg.* 1170 Market nt
AN AMOUNT: IST. -:i> or 3D MORTOAU&*:
estates, cndlvlded interests, real estate in on*.
taw. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3. • :'■
ST <t I'D MOKTGAUKS: ISTKRhSTS iN K.-*-
-utes:lowest rates :no deIav.MURPHY.62B Mrkt
A DVaNLESONDIAMONI'S.JKW'ELKY. KTO
J+ rolombin .'.<v»n A i'oll»r>ral Ofttf* <>'-r-\r,' <-«.
'-. ■ fAWXiiKUKtKS. ~~
AT 126 KEARNY BT_ ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: pledeea for sale cheap.
: PHYSICIANS.
pEMbVED^-DRT tx" d" O"DONNELL TO 1203
XX Market st : diseases of woman a specialty.
1 ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
; - , LttiAL NOTICES. . : .;
~pr^TJA^T~TB~A~^EC^KK~^F~FO^EC^^
X sure and sale, made In the Circuit Court of < the
First Circuit, of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, : notice Is hereby given that the property
here under described will be sold at public auction
1 at the - Courthouse (Alilolani 1 Hale) In Honolulu.
Island of Oahu, U. L, on Wednesday, August 20.
1886, at 12 o'clock noon. P. c. JONKs, *•
„ Receiver of Lanai Ranch. :
This property is known as the Lauai Rancn, lo-
cated on the islsni of Lanal, comprising 11,500
acres more or less In tee simple, and leases < f 48.-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands: the
most valuable or which do no: expire until 1916-
-th» annual rentals are about $1800. ■> -•
This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, ail in good re-
pair, with c Interns, wooished and or<>ss, and a
iio;k of 24.000' sheep, 55JJ head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count ; . " : ■■■ T - -r-w ... .
- '1 he .an 's are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle. As a sheep' run It is
the most, valuable on toe Island*. Th*> lands • now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
controi entire Is' and o; Lanai. • ■ •
There are rich grasses suitable for breed nod
fa.teorni; of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild doss : on the
island. . .: >.:';- -; -. . :■;.;■■--,_ >»:-.-
- steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. '  .-. . ■■■'.■:: _ ' ■ ..- v --
- A map showing all the lands controlled ■by the
•state and a detailed schedule of the property to
oe sold can be seen and fun particulars can txj
had at the office oi Messrs. Welch & Co- 220 Cali-
fornia St.. San Francisco. '■-'■'
Terms of sal* will De cash la United States . gold
coin. ;;.*tmjM«~Wn«iir* ''* ' " JLSSU£S£BB£ttB3SS£ISR
Honolulu, May 15, 189 S. : " '.i :- : >}. : ;£ "
■~- ■:•'•' ■■-. I-".-"-" P. C. JONES Receiver.
I TYEPARI HE NT. 1 NO. .9, PUWbAT_-l.i in.,:
; XJ Superior Court." in and : for the City and
County of san Francisco.- Slat" of California.''
In the matter of me cs:a:e of G.\3UltL v AlL-
HARD. deceased. 17601. •_..-—-, .-.:■
■ otic* Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 4th
day of Angus 1 , A. -X 11896. a: 10 o'clock a. x. of
said day and the courtroom of Department- No. 9 of
said court, a. the. new City Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving a
duly - authenticated . copy of the will of said
Gabriel GAILHARD. deceased, and for hear-
ing the application- of PIERRINE BKRGE3 for
the issuance to him of letter* of administration
with the will annexed. •,.- ...-.
Dated July «l;A. r D.;i 898. : ■- '
fsiAi,} ;-~ .'- „-...- C. P. CCRRY. Clerk,'. -
- is-' By F. B. HOUOHTON. Deputy CSerk. .
P. ALEXANDRE BERGEROT, Attorney for
Petitioner, 143-143 Crocker building, gait i'taa-
[ciaco.
aiAKIiIAOK UVJUfitlfiBi
The following raarrm,'* license* were issued by
the County Clerk's office ves:erdav: '; .
A. Daimel acd s^blUa Clau*s. 43— 44." < \
G. M. Smith und i ugetile 1. Geis>r, 22—21.
G. Hamm>.-1 an.l Mar Turner, SO-27.
P. Halpin and Elisabeth Donohue, 37—SO.
F. T. Matthews and B anche K. Calkins. 34—23.
Carl Schwarz and Anas Kohr. 25— .
E. L." Grossman and Laura M Sherman. 30—23.
~ TH- l»IV T OKC|i EECOiID.
Comnlalnt filed: • ".
. Leona F. Burnhamragalust Louis P. Burnhara.
Divorces rranted:
: Ida J. seidt from Hugo ifeidt, for cruelty; by
Judge ' Hebbar.l.'. : • -
' Ida O. flayer from Harry H. Baker, for extreme
cruelty and willful neglect; by Jtidee HebburJ.
Plaint allowed $30 per mos.tu alimony and $100
counsel fees. i . ' '"
Jeaut'tte S Ross from Lew I M. Ross, for will-
ful desertion: by Judge Kebhari..
I Hi— MARRIAGES—
TBirtb, marriage and d?ath notices sent by mail
will no; be In tried. They mus be banded in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
i;o lev
KlssxL-rn this city, July 22, 1896, to the wife of
Jacob Klsse>, .1 son. ::, ./
——
M.I Kit IK i>.
BP.EIIM-ui CACCIA-ln this city, July 22,
1893, by the Her. J. H. Sbroeder.'Alphons J.
Brehm aud Lillian de Caccia.
COFFEY-PETRY-In Alameda, July 23, 1898,
by the Rev. H. E. J. Onsrerth, A. E. Coffey ana
Annie Petry. both of Atameda.
McOARVEY— BARTON— In this City. July 21,
1898. b.- the Rev. Dr. K. R. Dille, Wi'liam J.
McGarvey and Cora L. Barton, both of Redwood
City, Cal.
MERKH-DIECKJTANN-In this city. July 22,
189 d, by Ihe Hey. J. H. Schro»der, Albert J.
Merkh and Mary Dieckmann.
MINOR— WAUGH— this city, July 21, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. E. li. Mile. Barren M. Minor and
Can dace A. Waueh. both of Point Arena. Cal.
i>xt;x>.
Anderson, Geor«e W. Frank, Jeanette
Kennett. Alice L. Geary, Daniel
Berr 11. Margaret Levy. Deborah
Cavagnaro, Giulia Liudberg. Thelma J. A.
Conroy, Patrick ' Mescall. Kati*
Cottrell, Edward F. Myrlck, Helen A.
; DucUlr. Peter:. . Schwels. Charlotte
Dufault, Pierre ' , sierini: Julia .
Dun Jon, Timothy Tierney, Mary
■ Dunn, Nellie E. Waliln. John
Elsie, William A, White;y, Ellen M.
Fennoa, Mary Worthlncton, Ellenor
. Wright, Esther A. ;
ANDERSON— Tn this cit»-. July 23, 1898 George
. \\., youngest child of Ola and the late Pella An-
derson, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 months.
Friends and 'acquaintance* «r-» r»M-)*»
fnily invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday}, a: 1 o'clock r. it« from - the family
residence, 628 ' Andover avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BENNETT— In this, city, July 28, 1806. Alice
Lund Bennett, a native of . Australia, a?fid 29
- years and 9 months. ' •;■--•-
-BERRILL-In this citr. July 23. 1886, Margaret,
beloved wife of Thomas J. Ben-ill, a native of
Prince Edwards Island, aeed 65 year*, r ßoston
(Mass.) and Prince Edwards Island papers please
copy.j • • . . . V. ;.
J»3"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at b:3O o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of the Pae tic Undertakers, 777 Mission
street,' thence to St. Joseph's Church, where*
requiem low mass will bi celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. if.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.-
CAVAGNARO— In this city, July 22, 1896, Glulla
• Cavagnaro, dearly beloved wife of the late Lulgl
Cavagnaro, beloved mother of ■ Rosa Demar-
t.nl, motner-in-law -of Antonio Demartlnl,
grandmother of Lui?i and Stcfano Demartini.
sister of -Giacomo Cos: a and Maria . Pitto, and
sls*er-in-law or Madalena Cavaguaro, a native of
Italy, aged 60 years. ' ' • • •. •
93" Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend t!i« tuner TO-MORROIV
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from her late
residence. 528 Green street. At 9 o'clock a. m.
at the Church of Sts. Pletro c Paola corner of
Filbert and Dupont streets, a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her souL
. Interment Italian Cemetery. 1 .
CONROY— In this city, July 23, 1*96. Patrick
Conroy. a native of Balllnrobe, County Mayo,
Ireiand, aged 50 years.
COTTRELL-ln this citr, July 24.1896, Edward
F., beloved husband of Haul* J. Cottrell, a na-
tive of Newark. N. J., aged 63 year*. [Newark
(N. J.) papers please copy.] — . ■■ •
£?~No:ice of funeral hereafter.
DUCLAIR— In this city, July 21,1898. Peter Du-
clair, a native of France, aged 55 years.
DUFAULT— this c!tv, Jut-.- 23. 1896, Pierre
Dufault, beloved husband of Elizabeth Dufault,
a native of Canada, aged 64 years. [Morel
papers please copy.]
*jS~i"riencii mud acquaintance! ara nwnw-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
- (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock •p. m.. from- his ia:e
residence 407 Montgomery avenue, - thence to
French Church of Notre ■ Dame dcs Victoirea,
Bush street, thence by 3 o'clock P. Jf. creek boat,
interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DUNDON-In this city. July 24, 1899. Timothy,
beloved son of John and Katie Dundon, a native
of San i-ranclsco, aged 1 month. ' ■ - '
DUNN— In this city. Jnly 23, 1893. Nellie Evaline
Dunn, a native of California, aged 21 years.
EISLE— Near the Six- mile House. San Bruno
road, July 24, 1896. William A., youngest child
of William and Mary Elsie, a native Of Califor-
nia, ased 10 months. . "- ;.'." • -. - ■
FENNON— In Oakland,' July 24, 1896. Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Edward Fennon. a native
of County -Longford, Ireland, aged 69 years 2
months and 9 days.
X9~.Noiiceof funeral hereafter.
FRANK— In this city, July 23, 1896. Jeanetw
. Frank:, relict of the 1 ate Philip Frank, ana be-
loved mother of Mrs. S. Ltpman, Mrs. S. Kosener
and the late Samuel Frank, a native of Alsace,
aged 81 years and 'I months." : •■.■■■•
- 63~Friends are ' repectfully Invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 10:15
o'olocs a. 5t.. from the residence of Samuel Rose-
' ncr, 1611 Bush street. Interment Home of Peace
Ometery. by .. 11:30 o'clock a. m. train iro:a
. ThirJ and Townseod streets. ......
GE. 1 BY- In this city. July 24, 1896. Daniel, dearly
beloved husband of Isabella Geary, and father of
John .D. and E. F. Geary, a native of - County
'. Cork, Ireland, *ged 73 years. :
LEVY— In London, England, Deborah, beloved
' mother of Sam J. Levy ana D. J. and I. Levy of
Chicago, aged HO years. -".<.
LIN DB ERG— In this city. July 23, 1896, Tbelma
Josephine A., youngest . child of Andrew J. and
- Louisa Llndberg, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months.. , . ' ;- .
MESCALL— In tnls city, Jolr 24. 1896. Katl»
Mescall, beloved sister of Austin Mescall, and
t cousin of John and Mary .Mescall. a native of
Dromelihy, County Claire, Ireland, aged -24
■ years. ■" ' • ' ' • . - ■' ■ ■/
S3" Friends - and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tn« funeral TO-MORROW
' (Sunday), at 8:8J o'clock a. it., from 565 How-
ard street, thence to >t. Brendan's Church, cor-
■ ncr Fren-.ont and Harrison ittrae.l s, where a
solemn reg ilem mast will be celebrated forth*
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. v.
Interment Holy Cross Cometerr. ......
MY RICK— In Oakland, July 24.131',. Helen A."
Myrlck, a ratlve of Newbarvport. Mas'.
I . «BT Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p.m.. a? ner late resi-
cenc*. Interment private. Masonic . Cemetery,
San Francisco. • ~2s§gSM&sß&l3il&Bß&QiPi%Nseti
SCHWEIS— Oakland. July 22. 1895, Charlotte,
beloved wife of Peter Schweis, a native of Lesum.
I Amt Blumenthal, Germany, aged 65 years. 1 • '
 JS3T Friends and acquaintances are re pec t-
fully Invited to attend rh<s funerai Tins n-v-'
'(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock p. v.. from her late
. residence, 1392 '1 we ftli street, near Center. Oak-
' land, arriving In san Francisco a: 'J o'clock p. it.,
by broadgauge. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SIERING— In Fresno.' July 22, 5896. Julia, be-
loved daughter of Jennie and the late Herman
; Sietlng, ana beloved' sister of Rober;, Henry,
Frank, Clara and Herman Siering and Mrs.
Georze Voelkel, a native of San Francisco. ..
43~Prienas and acquaintances »-• r»<i<r-
fully Invited toactend the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. >r.. from the par-
■ lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 120» Missloistreei,'
- near Eighth. Interment Laurel Kill . Cemetery.
TIKKNEY— this city. July 23. 1893, Mary, be-
loved mother of Michael. Thomas and Mrs. Ber-
< nard | Tierney, Mr* Join Woods and Mrs. E.
. Flanaean, a native of County .Gal way,' Ire.and,
age.! 95 years. --■.•. . . .• . ■
Friends and acquaintances ' are resDect-
fui. v invited to attend '.r.e funerai TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at SO o'clock a. m., from berlate
residence, 11 i^|A Clara street, thence to St. Rose's
. Church, where a requiem '• mass will be cele>
bra ed ■ for the ropos- of her soul. ' Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ' : .
WALLIN— In this city. July 24. 1896, John Wal-
iln, beioved father of Charles. E. and J. E. Wal-
■ lin and Mrs. Minnie KMpstein, a native of Bun-
eaborg. Finland, aged 5 } years. .■.,:•
WHITELY— In this car. July 29. 1896, Ellen M.
. Whltely. widow of the late Thomas Whltely, and
"■ beloved mother of Mrs. Walter H. Baker and
H?nr<- M. Whltely. and sister of Mrs. C. E. Morse,
a native of Maine, age 1 81 years and 1 month.
. Friends and acquaintance) - are raisso
fnlly invited to a -end th<» funor.V THIS »VY
(Saturd-'v), at 1 o'clock p. it., from her late resi-
dence. 2310 California strt-et. near Webster.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.: ;. r -.-• r>-".
WORTHINGTON— In Oakland.' lulv 24,- 1898,
Ellenor, neloved wife of John Worthlogt«n, a na-
tive of Wales, aged 33 years 10 moutns and 25
days. ■ '-: ■ :-'.':""■• .-' ' : '' .' ■: . ; .'
aarFrtemls and • acan«in!«ac<?< ar » < mim;
fnllT invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from Bartleti HalL
corner Seventh ahdPine streets. Oakland. ■- Pri-
■': vate service at residence at 1 o'clock p. m. .. ■
WRIGHT— In Oakland. July 24, 1896,' Either A.,
beloved wife-of • Ali>ert H. Wright, a uaclva of
.Massachusetts.' aged ■ 1 years. .-. -,^. ,.,.
% McAVO it C ALLACH -I;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKES,
" 20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
;'. • . ." Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO I COUNTY;. NEAREST CKMK-
tery to the city; Bon-sect&rian ; In no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 887 market
street, woitieaat corner 01 sum.'
1516
"I WOULD KILL
YOU LIKE A RAT,"
Supervisor Taylor's Tart
Remark to Supervisor
King.
A FIGHT WAS AVERTED.
Result of an Expose at the
Monday Meeting of
the Board.
TEE COLONELS LOADED CANE.
King Was Called Down by a Man
Almost O'd Enough to Be
His Father.
Supervisor Joe King came nearer to
death on Tuesday last than he ever was
before in his life, and in consequence his
bearing toward one of his fellow-members
in the board has changed since that time
to a remarkable extent.
The man who "called him down" was
Supervisor Taylor, one of the oldest men
on the board, and who, from his physique
and dignified bearing, would not be taken
for a man who could cow the burly Super
visor of the First Ward.
The trouble arose over one of the trans
actions of the board at its meeting on
Si on day last.
While the matter of milk contracts was
being discussed, Supervisor Taylor made a
plain statement of facts regarding the
manner in which milk is supplied to the
Almshouse, the statement being directed
at King, who is chairman of the Hospitals
Committee, the inference being that he
was responsible for the charging of exorbi
tant rates by the contractor who supplies
the lacteal fluid lor the use of the City's
poor.
During a pause in his discourse he held
a moment's whispered conference with
Supervisor Dunker, who sits on his right,
and, who is a member of King's commit
tee. Then he went on to say that he un
derstood that the other committeemen
had never been consulted by King before
the contract was let, that the committee
had never been called together to con
sider the matter, ana that, moreover, the
contract bad been given to a brother-in
law of the Supervisor from the First.
King was white with rage when Super
visor Taylor had finished, but he refrained
from an outbreak at the time, contenting
himself with a denial of the charge that
he had given the contract to any relative,
but admitting in the next breath that he
had given it to a friend withoutconsulting
the members of his committee.
Later, in the clerk's office, he called both
Supervisor Taylor and Supervisor Dunker
vile names behind their bacics and threat
ened to wreak vengeance on them, but it
was not thought the matter would go any
further.
The next day, however, King accumu
lated a heavy load of liquid refreshments
and with rire in his eye and the events of
the day before rankling in his breast started
on a hunt for those who had forced him
to expose his methods of handling the
City's business.
He presently ran across Colonel Taylor
and began to make belligerent remarks in
tended for that person's ears. He appa
rently did not wisn to appear to start a
disturbance, for he mentioned no names,
but he talked of eiving some one who Had
insulted him a sound thrashing. Colonel
Taylor gained the impression that the
threat was directed at Supervisor Dunker
and, after listening to the tirade of abuse
until ne was thoroughly exasperated, said :
"You seem to be looking for some one
to lick, King?"
"Oh, I don't know," answered the repre
sentative of the First Ward insinuatingly.
"Well, if you are determined to tackle
some one, why don't you begin on me. I
was the one who told of your connection
with the milk business?" said Supervisor
Taylor.
"Perhaps I might," said King. "If I
should what would you do about it?" He
was edging toward Mr. Taylor as he spoke,
his rieht hand clinched and ready for
business. ,
"I would kill you like a rat," answered
Mr. Tavlor quietly, but looking King
straight in the eyes.
By this time a crowd had begun to
gather about the men, aud those who heard
the words last quoted say that King gave
one look into Colonel Taylor's eyes and
rioting the look of determination there,
wilted and made no more threats, soon
afterward taking his departure.
Supervisor Taylor makes no secret of
his bloodless but ratoer dramatic meeting
with King.
"I never could stand being bullied," he
said yesterday, "even by a young and
athletic man like King, and I am not
going to begin now. As a matter of fact,
King was intoxicated and smarting over
the way he was exposed in the board. He
wanted to lick some one, or tried to make
it appear that way, but he tackled the
■wrong man when he went after me. I
meant just what I said when I told Kini?
that I would kill him if he made an attack
on me. He has the reputation of being
a fighter, and as I understand it, has had
a number of encounters, so that had he
NEW TO-DAT.
CENT
Bottle of CUTICURA RESOL-
VENT, greatest of humor cures,
.is of ten sufficient to complete
a permanent cure of the most
torturing and disfiguring . of
skin, scalp, and blood humors.
« BPKEDT Cubs Tbk athznt ron all Skin AND ,
I Blood Humous. — Warm baths with Cuticura I
Soap, gentle • applications of : Cuticcka (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses of
Coticoba Resolvent, greatest of humor cures.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Citticdba. tOe.l
Soap. Hie.; Ri solvent. Me and $1. : Pottek Dica >
ami Cam. Corp., Sole Prop*., Botton. *,-•«> • < ■■■■■■.. '
oar " Bow to Cure Every Humor," mailed ft**.
struck me I should have been perfectly
justified in carrying out my intention.
"This is not the first time I have been
attacked. Several years ago I heard that
I was to be killed and minted for the man
for days to give him a chance to carry out
his intention, but he never even gave me
a chance to interview him on the matter.
"A couple of years ago a young fellow
who was as big and strong as King, I
should think, tackled me in my office, but
he went away disappointed in his inten
tion of thrashing me and carried the
marks of my blows on his face for weeks.
I am not looking for a reputation as a
pugilist, however, from a contest with
King or any one else. If it'eomes to a
point where I can't avoid him I shall see
that he does not strike a second time."
Supervisor Taylor has a fad for collect
ing canes, and is tde owner of quite a
number of walking-sticks that be has
picked up at various times during bis ca
reer. Since his encounter with King he
has taken to carrying an innocent-looking
bamboo, with a round, black handle,
which he twirls jauntily wbiie not walk
ing.
At first glance there is notbing danger
ous about this stick, but closer investiga
tion reveals the fact that the head is
loaded, and that in strong bands the
stick would be a weapon capabie of felliug
an ox.
Supervisor King enjoys the reputation
of being a handy man with his lists and a
rough-and-tumble fighter of no small pro
ficiency. His latest accomplishment in
the pugilistic line was to administer a
savage beating to a newspaper man, about
half his weight and size, who had dared to
oppose him in some small matter.
THE CAUSE OF LABOR,
Only Trades Union Men Shall
Speak at the Labor Day
Meeting.
Discussion of the Proposed Charter
by the San Francisco
Council.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Labor Council last night* the proposed
charter for San Francisco came in for some
discussion pro and con quite unexpectedly.
A letter from the Merchants' Association,
inviting the council to send two delegates
to the charter convention August 12
caused tbe informal talk. As it contained
a sentence relative to the convention that
"its entire object is to secure the adoption
of the new charter for San Francisco,"
Delegate McArthur wanted to know why
the council should send any delegates.
The only difference of opinion was upon
the advisability of giving the Mayor
power to appoint several City offioials.
A delegate answered objections on this
score that while the appointive privilege
gave the Mayor greater powers it also im
posed on him greater responsibilities, and
the reasonable inference was that the
Mayor would have to be eitremely care
ful. Under the new order of things one
man wouid have to hold himself re
sponsible to the people for the honest and
intelligent administration of the munici
pality.
The council voted in favor of a week's
delay in electing delegates to the conven
tion so that the members mignt study the
whole question.
A communication from the Cigar-mak
ers' Union was received. It related to
Labor-day celebration, and asked that the
council would rule that only labor repre
sentatives be allowed to speak from the
labor platform that day. Labor-day
speakers were limited to members of
trades unions.
C. Shuppert, W. McArthur, John Hill,
T. F. Burns, Ed Rosen burg, W. C. Acker
man and Thomas Hurd were elected a
committee to select speakers and to make
arrangements for the Labor-day mass
meeting.
The council elected W. McArthur, T. F.
Burns and C. Shuppert to confer with the
letter-carriers' band, in respose to a com
munication from the Musician's Union
complaining that the band was cutting
rates and offering its services free on some
occasions.
THE WRECKED COLOMBIA
No Change Has Taken Place in
the Condition of the
Hulk.
About Sixty Tens of Cargo Have Been
Taken Oat by tbe Spreckels
Tag Company.
The wrecked steamship Colombia is still
securely resting on the rocks off Pigeon
Point. All of her people, except the first
officer, who lives at the light station, nave
left the vessel, and the Pacific Mail Com
pany has practically abandoned the hulk.
But little change has taken place in the
weather since the vessel went ashore and
the light swell hardly moves her.
About sixty tons of cargo — most of it
more or less damaged — has been taken
out of her by the Spreckels Tug Company.
To-day the schooner Chetco will be taken
down to t ne wreck.
On account of her light draught she can
be taken alongside of the hulk, where she
can be easilj loaded. No effort has yet
been made to remove the engines, as they
are under several feet of water, but if the
swell remains favorable a diver will be
used to unbolt the machinery from its fas
tenings, when it will be hoisted piece by
piece out of the steamer.
A BLOW IN COURT.
Attorney Pistole*! In Called a Shyster
and Ana u -era With His Right
Hand.
Attorney L. C. Pistolesi was addressing
Police Judge Campbell yesterday during
the trial of a case when John W. Ingram,
who did not like the drift of Pistolesi's
argument, sprang to his feet and called
out, "You are a shyster."
Pistolesi struck out instantly and In
gram fell. to the floor, blood spurting from
his nose. He got on his feet as quicKly as
possible and made a run at the attorney.
The two clinched and Bailiff Coughla'n
then interfered, placed them both under
arrest and took them to the Central sta
tion, where they were booked on a charge
of battery.
Pistolesi was acting as attorney for Mrs.
W. K. Ingram, who is a sist< r-in-law to
John Ingram. The case was a lamily quar
rel, which had reached the stage of threats
to kill, or at least allegations to that effect.
In Memory of General McComb.
The president of the Pioneer Society has ar>
pointed John S. Hittell, Henry B. Livingston
and H. H. Ellis as a committee to draft obit
uary resolutions on tbeir fellow - pioneer
Major-General John McComb. The former two
gentlemen while in the editorial department
of the late Alta California were intimately
associated [with the general, who during this
penod had control of the printing department
of that journal. y
See the list of the Star's fearless, frank and
frse articles in another column. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY H5, 1596.
THE FEDERATION
IS INDIGNANT,
It Will Hold a Mass-Meet
ing Next Tuesday
Evening.
SUPERVISORS SCORED.
The Grand Jury After the Heads
of Seven Members of the
Board.
SEVERAL FAKED INTERVIEWS.
The "Examiner" Asked to Exp am
Statements on Behalf of the Ac*
cosed City Officials.
Acting under the advice of District At
torney Barnes, the Grand Jury will pre
sent accusations against Supervisors
Kine, Scully, Benjamin, Hughes, Dunker,
Morgenstern and Wagner. In stating this
fact yesterday, the Examiner buried a
grain of truth in a bushel of falsehood,
with a reckless extravagance of space and
type. It was stated that the Civic Feder
ation had called a mass-meeting of citi
zens. The Civic Federation did not call
any mass-meeting until yesterday. The
call was then issued for an indignation
gathering in Metropolitan Temple next
Tuesday evening. President I. J. Tru
man of the Civic Federation will intro
duce Mayor Sutro, who has consented to
act as chairman.
The proceedings against the solid seven
of the Board of Supervisors for their action
in reducing the assessments of the San
Francisco Gaslight Company, the Spring
Valley Water Works and the Market
street Railway Company are based upon
section 758 oi the Penal Code, which says:
An accusation in writing against any dis
trict, county, township or municipal officer
for willful or corrupt misconduct in office may
be presented by the Grand Jury of the county
for or in which the officer accused ii elected or
appointed.
Section 759. The accusation must state the
offense charged in ordinary and concise lan
guage and without repetition.
Sec. 767. The trial must be by a jury, and
conducted In all respects in the same manner
as the trial of an indictment for a misde
meanor.
Sec 769. Upon a conviction the court must,
at such time as it may appoint, pronounce
judgment that the defendant be removed from
office; but, to warrant a removal, the judg
ment must be entered upon the minutes, and
the causes oi removal must be assigned therein.
Under the heading "Should Be Driven
From Office" the Examiner yesterday pub
lished the following as a part of its Grand
J ury story :
The Merchants' Association is in thorough
accord with the Civic Federation in the matter
of demanding that well-merited punishment
be visited upon the "Solid Seven." We will be
with the Civic Federation heart and soul in
any action they may take. There is no douDt
that the Supervisors require a lesson at the
hands of an outraged people which they will
never forget. In giving them this lesson the
Grand Jury should be backed by the sentiment
of the entire community.
A political campaign is approaching. Tnere
will be twelve new men asking the people to
place them In the Supervisors' chamber. The
men aho may be elected should go into office
with the idea that if they become rascals their
crimes will surely find them out. There is one
way to teach the new men that lesson and that
is to throw the "Solid Seven" out of office in
disgrace.
This is not so much a light to punish ras
cality already committed as it is to deter
future Supervisors from committing similar
offenses. The blow struck at the seven men
that are now under consideration should be so
severe that no body of men in the Board of
Supervisors will ever again dare organize such
a combination.
The reduction of those corporation assess
ments in the face of the expert valuations fur
nished by the Grand Jury was an infamy on
the part of the "Solid Seven" that the people
should never forget. If any political party
convention should ever in the future have the
impudence to present the names of any of
those men as candidates for office the people
should bury that party under such an ava
lanche of votes that it may never be heard of
again.
Let the Grand Jury proceed. It has the well
balanced sentiment of the people behind it.
The Merchants' Association will do all in its
power to strengthen the hands of the Grand
Jury and back it in any proper proceeding to
MR. JONES' KANGAROO IN SOME OF ITS FAVORITE POSES.
pnnish these scoundrels who have found their
way into public office. F. W. Dohkmanx,
President Merchants' Association.
Thia publication made President Dohr
mann very indignant. He denounced it
as a grosg fabrication. The following cir
cular was, in consequence, issued yester
day by the authority of the board of di
rectors and copies sent to all members of
the Merchants' Association :
Your particular atte-ntiou is respectfully
called to the following: An article headed
"Should Be Driven From Office" was published
by one of our daily papers over the presumed
signature of the president of this association.
A committee of our board finds that this arti
cle had neither been written, signed nor in
spired by the president; in fact, not even an
interview had been had with him upon the
subject. In bringing this matter to the notice
of the paper in question it was promised that
an investigation and correction would be
made.
Your special attention Is now called to this
matter ia order to prevent any erroneous im
pressions that the executive officers of this
association would assume to speak or write
for its members without first having the board
or the association at Its proper meeting con
sider and pass upon any questions that may
affect the association or the welfare of the
City.
The subject referred to in the atove article
had not been before our board of directors,
because the time of its members is now so
thoroughly taken up with its efforts to secure
the adoption of the new charter that It is im
possible to take an active part in all questions
or controversies that may be of interest to our
members. We deem it opportune to state that,
while your board of directors will make every
effort to induce all political Darties to favor
the adoption of the new charter, no member of
this board or officer or employe connected
with the same will be a candidate for political
preferment, nor will accept any political office
within the gift of the people.
At yesterday's session of the Civic Fed
eration, it was unanimously decided to
call an indignation mass-meeting of citi
zens next Tuesday evening in Metropoli
tan Temple. Following is th« official call,
addressed to the ciljzens of San Francisco,
in which the object of the meeting is
tersely yet strongly explained:
A controlling number of the Board of Super
visors of our City and County, namely, Super
visors Joseph King, Peter A. Scully, Charles
E. Benjamin, Edward C. Hughes, Chris Dun
ker, A. W. Morgenstern and E. L. Wagner,
have, in the interest of unscrupulous corpora
tions, willfully, deliberately and grossly be
trayed their trust. It may be that these men
will escape punishment and retire, rich with
corrupt gains, from the offices they have pros
tituted and betrayed. It may be that other
persons. Contemplating their example, even
now intend to seek office at the coining elec
tion to procure gain in like betrayal oftiust.
But it would be infinitely worse it the people
were by silence to acquiesce in such official
corruption.
We therefore call uponjevery good citizen to
assist in arousing the people. The people have
the power to prevent such wrongs. Where
there is a will, there must be a way. Let not,
then, the power lie dormant. Let the will of
the people be aroused. The present and the
future of our City and County demand that
the general Indignation be given expression.
We asjc your attendance at a mass-meetinst,
to be held at the Metropolitan Temple, on the
evening ol Tuesday, July 28. to give expres
sion to the general indignation and to concert
measures against the recurrence of such be
trayal of official trust.
The Civic Federation.
By order of the executive committee.
I. J. Thuman, President.
There will be blazing bonfires and in
spiring music by the Golden Gate Military
band. Speeches will be limited to five
minutes. Mayor Sutro will preside.
Messrs. I. J. Truman, Joseph Leg
gett, J. H. Barry, Henry N. Clem
ent, H. E. Highton, H. W. Phil
brook, J. D. Phelan, F. J. Sullivan, D.
Gilbert Dexter, C. W. Reed, W. M. Ab
bott, A. W. Thompson, Walter McArthur
and other prominent speakers have con
sented to address the meeting. The list
of vice-presidents will comprise the
names of prominent citizens to whom
formal invitations will be sent.
When Supervisor &. , C. Hughes was
seen last night, he' was in the
company of Supervisors E. L. Wag
ner and C. E. Benjamin. In making
the statement which follows, Supervisor
Hughes said he wa« voicing tne sentiments
not only of himself and his two colleagues
then present, but of the entire seven
charged by the Examiner with corruption
and malfeasance in office.
"The only thing we have to say," began
Supervisor Hughes, "is in regard to the
article that appeared in the Examiner.
We wish simply to state that what was
therein stated is not true in regard to the
reductions of assessments by the Board of
Supervisors sitting as a Board of Equaliza
tion.
"That journal has intimated* that we
have been corrupted and bougjK up by the
corporations and induced probably by
some means or other unknown to that
paper to reduce their assessments.
"We hold that we reduced other assess
ments in the same way simply because we
thought the reductions were just and
equitable. We don't think the reductions
comparatively are any lower than those
made by the Assessor himself on other
people's property.
"The reductions were made in almost
every case where any showing of right
waa made on improvements on private
property at the suggestion of the Assessor.
"Mr. Benjamin made a motion at a
meeting of the Board of Equalization to
reduce the assessment on the franchise of
the Market-street Railway Company by
11.000,000.
"I made an amendment to tnat motion
at the suggestion of the Assessor, who
stated that he thought if we reduced it
ITEW TO^AT-DRTGOODS. ■
TODAYS SACRIFICE SPECIALS!
Our GREAT SACRIFICE SALE closes another suc-
cessful week with SPECIAL CLEARANCE OFFERINGS
of the balance of our stock in the following; lines
AT II SMALL PERCENTAGE Of ORIGINAL PRICES! m
MEN'S Affljpr WEAR!
At 10 Cents.
65 dozen Natural Wool SOCKS, regulation
weight, domestic yarn, double knit,
wide merino heels and toes, glove
ribbed, elastic top, regular price $2 a
dozen, will be closed out at 10c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
85 dozen Fast Color Medium Weight, Ox-
ford Print, Madras and Cheviot
WAISTS, made with 3 box plaits on
front, 2 on back, nickel-plated buttons
on waistband, regular price 35c, will
be closed out at 25c.
At 35 Cents.
160 dozen Super Weight Camels-hair
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
all sizes, usual price $1 30 a suit, will
be closed out at 35c a garment.
At 60 Cents.
60 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' LATEST
STYLE CUSTOM MADE UNLAUN-
DERED SHIRTS, with colored bosom
and detached cuffs to match, regular
prica 90c, will be closed out at 60c each.
HOSIERY aiIDERWEAR
At 10 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COTTON
HOSE, double heels and toes, fast
black, reduced from 20c.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE,
extra high spliced heels, double toes,
made with unbleached feet, Herms-
dorf black, reduced from 40c.
At 15 Cents Each.
LADIES' SWISS-RIBBED EGYPTIAN
COTTON VESTS, silk finished, hand-
somely trimmed neck and armlets,
regular value 35c.
At 75 Cents Each.
LADIES' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY
WOOL VESTS, high necfi, long sleeves,
drawers to match, regular value $2 50
a suit.
STQRE OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
{£{/ Mlirphv / wlf Murphy Building, / UU Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. Maitet and Jones Streets. Mariet and Jones Streets.
half a million it would be perfectly proper
and right. This amendment to the origi
nal motion was carried.
"This charge of discrimination in favor
lof corporations is entirely unfounded.
Take any large piece of improved prop
erty in this City owned by a single indi
vidual and compare the asssessment cm
that with the one made on corporation
possessions. It will be found by examin
ing the assessment-roll that the corpora
tion property is assessed no lower propor
tionately than that of the individual.
"In regard to the San Francisco Gas
light Company's assessment The reduc
tion of $20,000 made on their improve
ments was recommended by the Assessor,
who stated that the original assessment
was made under error and should be re
duced.
"As to the reduction of $1,000,000 on the
franchise of the Spring Valley Water
Company, it is a fact that they have no
franchise under ihe State law, which gives
every person or party the right to supply
cities and towns with light and water
without securing a franchise. All they
have to do is to file with the Board of Su
pervisors and Superintendent of Streets a
blue print of the streets through which
they intend to lay pipes, and also file a
bond with the Superintendent of Streets
to place the streets in the same condition
they were before.
"When the water rate was fixed this
year of the Spring Valley Water Company
all expenses, including taxes, repairs, lay
ing of new mains and building of new
works, were taken into consideration. In
that estimate of expenses for the next year
enough was allowed to pay 6 per cent on
the stock. If an additional assessment of
$1,000,000 were put upon them, amounting
to something like $25,000 in taxes, there
would be no provision for the raising of
thid $25,000. "The stockholders would
have to suffer.
"These rates and the basis for them were
agreed to between the Supervisors and the
water company.
"Legal advice has been obtained on this
question, and we are informed that the
Spring Valley Water Company cannot be
compelled to pay any taxes on its fran
chise, as it has never had any in reality.
"We don't believe that the interviews
published in the Examiner are true. Su
pervisor Taylor emphatically denies that
he made any such statement as publish ed
in the Examiner ana attributed to him to
any reporter. In that statement Super
visor Tayior was made to say that we
should be indicted and turned out of
office.
"Nor is there any truth in the state
ment published in the Examiner and pur
porting to have been made by President
Dobrirann of the Merchants' Association,
as this letter will show."
At this point Supervisor Hughes took a
letter from the inner pocket of his coat
and handed it to the interviewer. It
read as follows:
BAN Francisco, Jnly 24, 1896.
H.on. E. C. Hughes, Member of the Board of
Supervisors — Dear Sir: My attention has been
called to an article headed "Should Be Driven
From Office" published in to-day's Examiner |
over my alleged signature. In justice to the
association which I have the honor to repre
sent permit me to stale that the above article
was neither written, signed nor inspired by
me, aud that as a matter of fact I was not in
terviewed on this subject at all.
The Merchants' Association was organized to
endeavor to advance the material conditions
of San Francisco without in any way engaging
in politics. It has been a rule adopted by its
president to give rw expression and take no
part in any controversy nf a public character
unless previously discussed and decided upon
by the board of directors of this association.
The above matter has not been brought to
their notice or consideration, and the entire
responsibility of the publication, therefore,
rests with the Examiner.
A committee has just called upon the editor
of the Examiner to ascertain how the un
authorized publication occurred. An imme
diate investigation, explanation and correc
tion are promised, which will be made public
without delay. In the meantime it seems fair
that the above oxplanaiion should now be
given to you. Respectfully yours,
K. \V. DOHRMAKS,
President Merchants' Association.
Concluding, Supervisor Hu-.-hes said:
"A similar letter was received by each of
the seven accused members oi the board.''
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS!
At 30 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS,
laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy
checks and stripes, will be closed out
at 30c each.
At 35 Cents.
180 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in all fancy shades, regular
price 75c, will be closed out at 35c each.
At 50 Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT
WAISTS, fancy stripes, full sleeves,
laundered collar and cuffs, regular
price $1, will be offered at 50c each.
At 60 Cents.
120 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in black and white, navy and
red stripes, regular price $1, will be
closed out at 60c each.
At 65 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT
WA.ISTS, in fancy checks of blue, pink
and black, regular price $1, will be
closed out at 65c each.
At 75 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in tan ani white stripes,
latest style, recular price $1 50, will be
dosed out at 75c each.
At 75 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in fancy tan and blacK
stripes, yoke corded with black, regular
price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c
each.
RIBBONS AIPARASOLS!
At 5 Cents.
3-INCH DOUBLE-FACED SATIN RIB-
BON, in dark colors, value 25c, will be
closed out at 5c a yard.
At 40 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in black only,
value 75c, will be closed out at 40c each.
THE KANGAROO
WHITE ELEPHANT,
R. P. Greer's Little Pet the
Bane of E. C. Jones'
Existence.
EATS LACE CURTAINS.
The Only Wallaby That Has
Ever Reached This Coun
try Alive.
WAS CAPTURED AT A HUNT.
A Cathode Ray Memento of the Last
Pacific Coast Gas Association
Meeting-
R. P. Greer of the Pacific Ammonia and
Chemical Company is a most recent ar
rival from the Antipodes. He got here
just in time to attend the fourth annual
session of the Pacific Coast Gas Associa
tion, at which he was one of the most con
spicuous features.
.His prominence was not because of his
life .in the association, but rather the life
be put into it by the recital of his experi
ences in Samoa and New Zealand. -.
"I was grandly entertained in the Col
onies," he stated during his response to a
toast on "Dancing in Samoa," at the ban
quet last Wednesday night. "The i boys
of the gas companies there couldn't do
enough for me, and, as it turns out, I'm
glad they couldn't do more. '.
"They loaded me down with boomerangs
and a lot of other things and at the last
moment the thought struck them I ought
to go away with a kangaroo.
"Well, the kangaroo and 1 took passage
on the Mariposa and it was nip ana tuck
whether he was sicker than I was for
| the first three days at sea. Natural con
ditions were in his favor, for he could
reach the vessel's side with but one leap
while I had to remain in my stateroom ,
"Captain Hay ward says that my fellow
traveler is the only wallaby kangaroo that
has ever lived through a journey from Aus
tralia to this country."
Mr. Greer '* has been here ; nearly three
weeks, and two -thirds of that time he has
been spending in trying to get some one to
take his compagnion j de ;: voyage off his
hands. ; ; He has appealed to the Park Com
missioners, who have absolutely refused
1° i**^ * the wallab y- They neither care
j to build fences, so as to keep the Kangaroo
within bounds, nor do they want to dis
turb the : harmony of their zoo. which
would occur if the Antipodean were put in
the . same corral J with > the elks and deer,
their natural enemies. w * '
_ Whether it was a graceful act or not on
the part of Mr. Greer, he presented his
pet to ku. bC. Jones, ;; ex-president -of the
Pacihc Coast Gas ; Association.' The beast
wag handed over on the same evening that
; Mr. ' Jones' colleagues presented him with
an album, the intrinsic value of which
VEMuljreiLll!
At 15 Cents a Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENIL-
LETTE DOTTED TUXEDO VEIL-
IXG, regular price 25c, reduced to 15c
a yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE
BOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regu-
lar price 40c, reduced to 25c a yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
DOUBLE WIDTH CHENILLETTE DOT-
TED TUXEDO VEILING, regular
price 40c, reduced to 25c a yard.
At 50 Cents Each.
BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDER ED
WASHED VEILS, regular price 75c,
85c and $1, reduced to 50c each. (
HANDKEBCHIEFS!
At 4 Cents Each.
MISSES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED
VEINED LAWN HANDKER-
CHIEFS, regular price 75c a dozen, re-
duced to 4c each.
At 15 Cents Each.
LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EM-
BROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAN D-
KERCHIEFS, regular price $3 a dozen,
will be closed out at 15c each.
LADIES KpLOVES!
At 25 Cents.
LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES,
8-button length, colors tan and mode,
sizes 5]4, 7, 7 X A, 7}4, worth regular $1,
will be closed out at 25c a pair.
At 55 Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVEB, col-
ors tan and brown, also black, worth
regular $1, will be closed out at 55c a
pair.
represents hundreds of dollars, upon tfle
occasion of his retirement from office. It
is now a question much discussed in the
association if it would not be advisable to
compel Mr. Greer to withdraw his pre
sentation, as the ex-president's business
and domestic relations are seriously
threatened. The first evening the kan
garoo spent in this City he ate up a pair
of lace curtains and on the second day he
ate up all the plants in ttie gas company's
erstwhile p-etty garden at North Beach.
President Crockett of the San Francisco
Gaslight Company issued an unofficial
suggestion yesterday that Mr. Kangaroo
be either fenced in or else muzzled, and
Mr. Jones immediately proceeded to do
the former. The animal is now sur
rounded by a wire cage in the gas com
pany's grounds at the foot of Buchanan
street, where five score of the association
men viewed him yesterday in his peculiar
antics.
In speaking of the animal Mr. Greer
said:
"The kangaroo was captured during a
hunt I was invited to attend with a party
of gentlemen from Sydney, Australia.
The drive took place near Tarrana 150
miles north of Sydney. There were ten
nunters and twelve boys employed as
'beaters.' We were stationed in a" gap of
the mountains, each man separated about
100 yards apart and concealed as well as
possible behind the rocks or brush.
"The beaters made a circuit of about ten
miles, driving the kangaroos toward us.
I believe about 20u kangaroos passed us on
this drive and made about as exciting a
bit of shooting as I ever exDected to par
ticipate in. I killed seven from my sta
tion. One, a man kangaroo, measuring
six feet in height. The young one now
at the gas company's works was captured
by the boy beaters runnina: him down
He was made quite a pet of by the pa>»
sengerson the Mariposa, and is "now very
gentle, though they are very vicious in
their native state. We had one of the
dogs ripped from his reck to his tail by
the kick of an 'old man kangaroo' dur
ing the hunt."
The members of the Pacific Coast Gas
Association will to-aay each receive a
copy of the photograph taken by S. B.
Grimwood last Wednesday by means of
the cathode ray.
sew to-pat;
g^\ A FEW
<|m 7 Specialties
o-aaL- CUT PRICES
Trusses (all kinds).:. ;..............;....- *1 80
Elastic 5t0cking5.:.....;..... .........'.. 250
Abdominal Supporters. • 350
Obesity 8e1t5..... 2 50
Ear Horns.v./.r.Vi.'.:. ........:... .".....» 1 80, 500
Volitzer Bags v .... ..V.;..'... 150
Galvanic or Faraatc Batteries $5 00 to $25 00
Crutche5.:":...;....... '1 50
Kubberand Plaster Bandages ;.!..'. All prices
Searby's Bed Pans. ....:..':'.... fa 26
Shoulder Braces...... ......;..'.7scto, 2 00
Stomach Tube 5............' •100 to 150
Ice Bags ....;.ascto 2 76
Electric Belts $5.00 to $25.00.
Don't pay: fancy prices for Electric Belts antll
you have seen ours. Our physician gives consul-
tation free. , ". ; ;
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 Market Street,
•' South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
45 SHOTWEIL ST., SEAR'; FOURTEENTH.
MODEKiX HOUSE, 8 ROOMS AND BATH. IS
first-class order, with stable; suitable (or Phy-
sician. Apply to O. H. U M BSJSJJ CO.,
"? :V- 14 Montgomery street.