VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 19.
MAY RECOGNIZE
THE PATRIOTS
Freedom of the Cubans to
Be Recommended to
the Senate.
Belligerency of the Insurgents
Kecogniz?d by the Foreign
Relations Committee.
But the Measure Will Be Opposed in
the House and Vetoed by
Cleveland if Passed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— The
Cuban situation took an unexpected turn
t-.his morning when the Senate Committee
on Foreign Relations decided without any
•erious opposition to report Senator Cam
eron's joint resolution recognizing the in
dependence of the republic of Cuba.
This report will be made to the Senate
Monday, but there is no prospect of deci
sive action in either house of Congress
before the holidays. Meanwhile the situ
ation in Cuba, as it develops during the
holidays, will undoubtedly affect the
formal action of Congress on the resolu
tions. Only two adverse suggestions were
made in the committee on the Camerou
resolution. Both of these counseled de
lay until after the holidays. These sug
gestions came, it is understood, from Sen
ators Hale and Sherman.
The action of the Foreign Relations
Committee created great surprise. Tbe
House was in sessson and the Cuban sym
pathizers crowded to the front. The par
liamentary programme for the Cameron
resolution is to pass the Senate and the
House— not until after the holidays, how
ever — and then go the President, where it
is thoucht a veto awaits it. In the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations the senti
ment was quite general that the President
would veto the resolution.
It is believed the Senate and House will
both pass it, if the Cuban discussion could
receive a setback during the holidays.
But it is expected that a long debate will
be held on the resolution in both House
and Senate, and tbe date when the reso
lution will reach the President for his
action is several weefcs ahead.
An amendment was made in tbe text of
the resolution, and as finally agreed to it
reads as follows:
Retolved, That the independence of the
Republic of Cuba be and the same is hereby
acknowledged by the United States of America.
Section 2. That the United States -nill use
its friendly offices with tins Government of
Spain to bring to a close the war oetween
Spain and Cuba.
Secretary Olney, who had been re
.cd to appear before the committee
sby Senator Sherman, was present for one
hour, and laid before the committee all of
ihe information in tbe possession of the
State Department. He stated to the com-
mittee very fully the policj' of the Admin-
iMration and the reasons that actuated it
in its present attitnde toward the insur-
rection in Cuba. No member of the com
mittee is willing to make any statement
as to what Mr. Olney said, each one look
ing upon his statement as a confidential
matter between the Secretary and the
committee. Sufficient is known, however,
to show that Mr. Olney laid before the
committee the information received from
Consul-General Lee and other sources that
has been steadfastly kept from the general
public.
Mr. Olney's argument did not appear
to have much weight with the committee,
if it was against the passage of the reso
lution, for immediately upon his with
drawal the resolution was laid before the
committee for action. There was no aye
and no vote, but the resolution was
agreed to without a dissenting voice. The
only point of difference was as to whether
the action of the committee should be
made public to-day or withheld until
Monday.
One Senator thoucht action of any sort
should be postponed until after the holi
days, but the will of the majority pre
vailed and there was practical unanimity
in the vote. Senators Gray and Daniel
were both absent, but it is said that neither
of them is favorable to the action taken
by the committee.
Senator Cameron was instructed to pre
pare the report that will be submitied to
the Senate Monday. As a matter of fact,
the report was written and was «übmitted
to tlie committee this morning. It is
looked upon as an exceedingly strong
document and eoes into the diplomatic
history of the United States very fully to
show our policy in the matter of recog
nzingnew States. Some few additional
alterations were suggested by other mem
bers of the committee, but the report as
drawn by the Senator is practically com
plete.
OPPOSITION IN THE HOUSE.
RrpretentotireM in ->o Hurry to Go to
War With Spain.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec 18.— The
House heard with surprise of the action of
the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
in recognizing the independence of Cuba,
and if the opinion of the members of the
Foreign Affairs Committee and some of
the leaders in the House is to be taken as
a criterion, the popular branch of the Gov
ernment will not sustain the position
taken by the Senate Committee.
Hitt of Illinois, the chairman of the
Hou«e Committee, is out of the cUy and is
not expected to return until after tne holi
day recess. Several other members of the
committee were not in their seats to-day
and nave presumably left town. Of those
who remain— and of this number a United
Associaied Presses reporter talked with five
-the entire quintet strongly opposed any
action at this time. The Republicans ob
jected to any steps which would, in their
Opinion, bring about a war with Spain on
Jie eroiind that the McKinley administra
tion ought not to be met at the very mo
ment oi coming into power by so serious
an international problem.
A member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee said that the time for action
had parsed ; that the island was bankrupt;
that American interests in Cuba are de
stroyed; that our commerce with the
The San Francisco Call
island has practically disappeared and
that recognition now would be a mere
sentiment without a practical considera
tion behind it. "If," said he, "we want a
war with Spain for a sentiment we are at
liberty to have it, but not with my con
sent."
Another member of the committee ex
pressed the belief that me United States
had better attend to its own business and
not go dancing through the congress of
nations with a chip on its shoulder spoil
ing for a fight.
A prominent member, a Republican of
the House, pointed out that a promise of
better times was made to the American
people if Mr. McKinley should be elected
to the Presidency. Mr. McKinley, he
added, had been elected and now it was
purposed by the Senate to take a step
which would involve us in complications
with Spain and retard a return to pros
perity for several year?. He expressed
the belief that all the RepubliCiin leaders
as well as the influential Democrats In the
House would eet their laces strongly
against the adoption of any Cuban resolu
tion which might properly be regarded by
Spain as an unfriendly act.
Members of the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee expressed their surprise at the
change of sentiment amons; their col
leagues. The prediction was freely made
that, notwithstanding the unanimity with
which the resolution was reported by tbe
Senate Committee, it was doubtful if the
Senate would adopt it, or at least not
without a very considerable delay. Not a
single member of the House, out of a
score or more of leaders, could be found
who believed that tbe Senate resolution
con Id pass the House.
The opinion was freely expressed that
the Senate, from being a conservative
branch of the Government, has changed
places with the House, and that the latter
is to-day by Jong odds the conservative
branch of Congres?.
The member of tho Foreign Affairs
Committee who did not hesitate to ex
press his views publicly was Quigg, h. New
York Republican. He said: "I don't
think the Senate resolution can pass the
House at this session of Conpress. Ido
not know a member of the House Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs who is in favor
of it, nor do 1 think it possible to obtain
from the House Committee a resolution of
any sort this session. The disposition of
the House Committee is to leave the mat
ter to the incoming administration. Per
sonally, while I entertain the liveliest
sympathy with Cuba, I am opposed to the
conduct of foreign affairs by Congress."
Pearson of North Carolina, another Ke
publican member of the committee, had
no criticism or comment to make on the
action of the Senate comruiitee. The Re
publican party, he said, had promised the
country prosperity, and the question pre
sents itself, "Will war or rumors of war or
apprehensions of war lead to the promised
result?"
Shafroth, the silver merab3r from Colo
rado, expiessed surprise at the action of
the Senate committee. "Before the elec
tion," he said, "when the candidates had
yet to appeal to the people, the Cuban
revolution was a live subject, but now it
will be found that the business interests
of New York must be protected. You will
find that the New York press to-morrow
will denounce the action as threatening
the relations between Spain and the Uni
ted States, and dangerous to the trade be
tween New York and Cuba, Wall street
will not permit the passage of the resolu
tion through the House. It may pass the
Senate, but that will end the matter."
READY FOR EMERGIENCIES.
Hear Admiral Bunce Hold* the Atlantic
Hquadron for Action.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 18.— A Herald
special from Washington says: Under
orders sent Wednesday by Secretary Her
bert, Rear Admiral Bunce came to Wash
ington yesterday ana had a conference
with the officials in regard to the vessels
of his squadron and the future of its move
ments. The fact that H. C. Taylor, presi
dent of the war college, under whose in
struction a clais during iast summer pre
pared a plan of defense from naval attack
for the gull coast, is also in Washington
gave rise to war rumors around the de
partment, none of which could beverifiod.
It it undoubtedly a fact that Admiral
Bunce discussed with the officials the
plans of the department with regard to the
movements of his fleet, but it is stated
positively that this discussion has not
made any change in the department's in
tention of holding the fleet at Hampton
Road.-, when all the vessels are assem
bled there.
The department declines to state what
decision was reached during the course at
the naval war college as to the best plan
for the defense of thccoast, but tie same
is on file at the naval intelligence office
ready to ba used in case of emergency.
None of the officials will permit them
selves to be quoted as to the object of
Admiral Bunce's visit, but they say there
was nothing unusual in his call.
TO AI D THE CUBANS.
Secret Sleeting of the Chicago Local Jte
lief Committee.
CHICAGO, 111.. Dec. 18.— A secret
meeting of the local Cuban relief commit
tee of 100 was held this evening at the
Union L?ague Club house. The at
tendance was small, but those present
made vigorous speeches in favor of Con
gress immediately recognizing the inde
pendence of Cuba over any President's
veto. Senator Cullora was congratu
lated for his recent pro-Cuban spsech in
Congress.
A resolution was adopted urging the
raising of funds for the purchase of sup
plies for the Cuban armies, anu the press
of the country was requested to receive
and forward contributions.
A committee of five was appointed to
take charge of the money-raising work.
Chairman Cragin read a letter he had re
ceived from President Palma of the Cuban
Junta stating: "I am sorry to sny that we
do not see our way clear to send Dhysi
ciana there, but should circumstances
change we shall be glad to avail ourselves
of the services of American trained nurses
and physicians. The best way to help ns
in our struggle aeainst Spain is to furnish
money to purchase war materials to send
to our armies in Cuba,"
The chairman also reported that Presi
dent Palma^bad told him during his last
conversation that they had besides an
urniy of 40,000 men from 6000 to 8000 men
who have no arm?, but vho are fighting
for home, life and family. These men
can live on sugarcane and other products
of the island and stay in the swamps
without detriment to their health, but
Americana were apt to find it necessary to
go to the hospital.- The Cubans cannot
buy quinine, drugs or any medicine on the
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
THE NEW ; ; JO XJ PI IN" .A. LISM.
island, death beine the penalty for those
who supply the insurgents with medical
store?.
The money raised ber*» will be sent to
New York with the specification that it is
intended for the purchase of hospital sup
plies, because that kind of aid is allowed
by law, but if the Cuban Junta uses the
money for other purposes there will be no
disposition here to investigate or criticize.
AS FIEWED IS ENGLAND.
Comment of the Daily Xetrs on the Com-
mitte't Action.
LONDON, Eng., Dec. 18.— Commenting
to-morrow on the action of the Foreign
Relations Committee of the American
Senate in agreeing to report favorably
Senator Cameron's resolution recognizing
the independence of Cuba, the Daily N«ws
will say it is oi the opinion that the com
mittee's action will not tend to any imme
diate result. It remarks that the con
dition of Cuba is a serious matter, and is
naturally irritating to the free neighbor
ing Republic. The strength of the sup
porters of the resolution lies in the fact
that Spain is unable to subdue Cuba or let
tbe island alone.
ACTION AT LOS A NG ELES.
Resident* JCarprest Iheir Sympathy far
Cuba and Demand llecognilion.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 18.— A rous
ing meeting was held in Music Hall to
night to express sympathy with the Cuban
patriots. Three thousand people wore
present, and many could not gain an en
trance. Captain F. J. Cressy was chair
man. Speeches were made by General
Johnstone Jones, Frank Domingues,
Colonel Messmer, Mrs. KateTupper Gal
pin, L. C. Young and J. R. Ruih. Strong
resolutions were adopted favoring im
mediate recognition by Congress of Cuban
independence, whether it involved wnr
with Spain or not. Light Battery A, a
new organization of this city, under com
mand of Captain Henry Steere, sent a
letter to Chairman Cressy expressing a
wish that Cuban libre would soon become
a reality, and offering its services to tha
Government. The letter was received
with great applause.
Call for a Aldus- Mrctlnr/.
LINCOLN. Nebr., Dec. 18. -Ex-Mayor
Hardy has issued over his signature the
following call for a Cuban mass-meeting
in this city to-morrow night :
"Since there is no lonizer any doubt that
BOUND TO BEAT THE REFUNDING BILL.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— The Committee on Koles of the House cf Representatives met this morning, and among
other thin s considered the resolution introduced by Representative Powers of Vermont, chairman of the Committee on Pacific
Railroads, setting aside a time for the consideration of the Pacific roads refunding bill. The Powers resolution set January 5
for calling up the measure, general debate to continue three days, with speeches under the five- minute rule on the fourth day.
The Rules Committee practically azreed to report this resolution a week a.o, as stated exclusively in The Call, but at to-day's
session it was thought best to defer the bill's consideration for two days. Accordingly a resolution was reported to-day to
consider th 2 bill in the House on January 7, 8 and 9, the vote to be taken immediately after the meeting of the House on Monday,
January 11.
Judee Maguire appeared before the committee this morning and protested earnestly and vigorously against consideration
of the Powers bill or any other refunding scheme. He was ably supported In this protest by Representative Ben ton McMillin
of Tennessee, the only member o' the Rules Committee who seems to be opjiosad to Mr. Huntington's measure. McMillin is
regarded as one of tlie ablest debaters in the House, and since tiie death of ex-Speaker. Crisp of Georgia is looked upon as
the leader of the Democratic side. Judge Maguire is very much pleased with the earnestness shown by McMillin and believes
that his aggressive opposition to the refunding bill will very greatly assist the Calitornia delegation in their right against the
bill. During the session of the Committee on Rules this morning Read, who, by virtue of his position as Speaker of the House
it chairman of the Rules Committee, asked Judge Maguire if he would use filibustering methods if the rule reported by the
committee of the consideration of the Powers bill omitted a provision entitling the supporters of the bill to demand the previous,
question at the end of the debate. Judge Maguire replica that he would me every means at his command to prevent * vote
being taken on the bill, and would filibuster to the end of the session if necessary to defeat tlio bill.
Genera! Maceo, the Cuban patriot, is dead,
and as every evidence conclusively points
to his having been murdered under a flag
of truce by Spanish hirelings, now, there
fore, the liberty-loving descendants of our
revolutionary fathers are requested to
meet on Saturday evening next, at the
Lindell Hotei, for the purpose of organ
izing a Cuban club and making plans for
holding a rousing patriotic meeting in the
near future."
TAYLOR, ALIAS PLATT, ARRAIGNED.
To Be Taken From England Back to
Kentucky, Where He Murdered an In-
mate of a Lunatic Asylum.
LONDON, Exg., Dec. 18.— It is learned
that Edward Richard Taylor, alias A. W.
Platt, for whom a warrant wag issued on
Wednesday on the application of the
United States embassy, is a Canadian-
American. The warrant was served to
day and Taylor was brought from Oxford,
where be has been serving a sentence of
six months in jail lor theft, and arraigned
in the Bow-street police court upon the
charge of having murdered one Jesse
Tyree in the State of Kentucky in 1885.
After his formal arraignment Taylor was
remanded until Tuesday.
Platt did not say anything in his de
fense when charged with the crime of
murder, but rather admitted that the
charge was true. He appeared perfectly
cool. Mr. Hobson, representing the
United States embassy, was present, as
was also an officer from Lexington, Ky.,
who came to England to take the prisoner
back to America, when the order for his
extradition is issued. The prisoner would
not say where he had been since 1885, but
it is thought he has spent much of the
time in Enelish jails.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 18.— Taylor,
alias Platt, who was arraigned In London
to-day for the murder of Jesse Tyree, was
known in Kentucky as Arthur W. Platt
He killed Jesse Tyree, an inmate of the
Eastern Kentucky Lunatic Asylum, in
18S5. At that time Platt was an attend
ant at the a3ylum and Tyree was in his
ward. He refused to co to dinner when
Platt ordered him, and the Englishman,
becoming angry, shot him through the
heart. He made his escape and went <o
England, wheie he was put in prison for
theft at Oxord several months ago.
Srieriff Grass oi Lexington has gone to
England to bring Platt back for trial.
PRETTY ROMANCE
IN REAL LIFE
Love Finds the Way to
Outwit an Objecting
Parent.
Governor Drake's Daughter Be
comes the Bride of George
Wood Sturdivant.
Followed to Colortdo by the Girl's
Father, Who Forgives and Blesses
the Couple.
DENVER. Colo., Dec. 18.— A pretty ro
mance in real life was disclosed in society
circles of this city this afternoon when the
facts concerning a quiet wedding cere
mony recently performed by the pastor of
a promine ntchurch here was for the first
time given publicity. The contracting
parties are none other thnn Miss Mary
Lord Drake, only daughter of lowa's Gov
ernor, General Drake, and George Wood
Sturdivant, a prominent young business
man of Centerville, lowa.
Miss Drake will be remembered as the
young lady who christened the battle-ship
lowa when that magnificent vessel was
launched at Philadelphia late last sum
mer. A ter her social triumphs in New
York and the Ei«st following the christen
ing ceremony of the lowa Miss Drake, ac
companied by Miss Carpenter, h,er firm
friend and companion and a cousin of the
groom, came to Colorado, and after spend
ing several weeks at the prominent moun
tain resorts the young iadies concluded
their tour of the mountains with a visit
to Colorado Springs, where at the Antlers
I hey were joined by Mr. Sturdivant, who
came to the State partly on business, but
principally to visit the sweetheart whom
he nad grown up with from childhood.
Inasmuch as there was some opposition
on the part of the bride's father, it was
decided that there was never a more op
portune time for a wedding ceremony.
The three young people came to Denver
and quietly registered at a prominent
hotel on the morning of October 28. On
the afternoon of that day a license was
procured, and Rev. C. M. Col burn of
Trinity Church pronounced the happy
couple man and wife.
On account of the ambitions entertained
by the war veteran and Governor for the
future of his daughter, it was determined
not to acquaint him with the fact of hi 3
daughter's marriage, but to wait until the
return of the party to their native State
and then tell him, trusting to his personal
clemency to forgive the impulsive act of
the two young people. This programme
would have been carried out, but a few
days after the marriage Mrs. Sturdivant
was taken suddenly ill with pneumonia,
from which she has fully recovered after
a short illness.
Governor Drake arrived in town last
week on a pleasure trip, and was told of
the marriage. The Governor at first re
fused to believe it, but the young couple
produced their marriage certificate, and
the grizzled veteran gracefully acknowl
edged that he had been outgeneraled.
General Drake and his son-in-law left
for the East on Tuesday, and were fol
lowed to-day by the bride and her com
panion, Miss Carpenter.
Mr. Sturdivant will shortly engage in
the banking business in Louisville, where
hi? mother resides. Mr. Sturdivant is
about 24, and is not wealthy, but, it is
said, will be backed in his ban King enter
prise by his fatber-in-law.
MANGLED IN A MINE'S SHAFT.
Five Men Fall With a Cage to the
Bottom and Meet a Terrible
Death.
OUR AY. Colo., Dec. 18.— A frightful
accident occurred in the Virginias mine
near here this morning by which five men
were almost instantly killed. Tne dead
are: Gabriel Russ, John Antras, Charles
Swanson, Charles Anderson, Louis Jack
son.
The accident occurred in the shaft of
the Virginius mine, where the unfortunate
men were at work repairing the timbering
of the shafti They were working from
the cage suspended in the shaft, having
it raised and lowered as they progressed
with their work. Just what caused the
accident is not positively known. The
men were several hundred feet below the
sbafthou3e at the time their last signal
was given for the movement of the cage.
The engineer in answering the signal was
horrified to find the cable connecting the
hoist with the cage had become slack and
be instantly realized the awful fate of the
five workmen.
There was nothing to obstruct the de
scent of the cage, and It foil wit& light
ning rapidity to the bottom of the shalt,
which is 1400 teet deep, 'ihe shock was
terrific and the cage was broken into
thousands of pieces, the men being
crushed into shapeless masses in the
wrecked cage, their bodies being terribly
mangled.
The dead men were well known in
Ouray and nil Jeave families. State Mine
Inspector Lee, at Denver, has been
notified, and will leave to investigate the
accident.
PRIOE^TVE CENTS.
VENGEANCE OF A
KENTUCKY MOB
Bloodthirsty Men Enter a
Jail and Kill Three
Prisoners.
Arch Proctor and His Father
Hanged to a Tree Just
Outside of Town.
Bill Proctor Defies the Lynchers to
Take Him Alive and Is Shot
Down in His Cell.
RUSSELLVILLE. Ky., Dec. 18. — A
bloodthirsty armed mob of men from Lo
gan County, half of whom came from
Adairville, reached this town after mid
night this morning and killed three
prisoners who were in jail waiting for trial
on charges of murder and conspiracy.
Arch Proctor, who mnrdere I Aaron and
"Doc" Crafton at Adairville, October 4,
was taken from the jail with his father,
"Dink" Proctor," charged with conspiracy
in the Crafton case, and both men were
hanged to the same tree just outside of the
town.
"Bill" Proctor, a half-brother of "DinK,"
and classed as being a real desperado, who
had terrified the Adairville district for a
number of years, was riddled with bullets
in his cell, defying the mob to take him
out alive and cursing them with his last
breath.
The man-hunters were pitiless and were
well oreanized. They refused lo allow
Arch Proctor to see his mother, who was
sleeping in a neighboring hotel, before
being deprived of life. The jailer pleaded
with the mob not to lynch the men and
then made a special plea for "Dink"
Proctor, who had always been a quiet
citizen, the Crafton murder 3 being the
first trouble he had been mixed up in.
But the only answer of the leaders was,
'•Dead men tell no tales."
The Adairville mob came into town
about 100 strong and attacked the jaii at
1:30 o'clock. The door of the main en
trance soon gave way before the onslaught
of sledgehammers. The keeper of the
jail was forced, on the peril of his life
being taken also, to deliver the key of the
Proctor cells to the mob's leaders. The
victims had been apprised of the coming
of the lynchers and their intentions, none
of the three being in bed at the time their
cell doors were opened. They faced an
excited, cursing mass of armed men.
Bill Proctor, who was a powerful man,
showed his desperate character when
brought to bay. He swore no one should
take him from his cell alive, and no one
cared to engage him in a test of physical
streneth to get him out alive. One of the
mob cave the signal for the murderer to
he killed where he stood by shooting him.
A charge of buckshot entered the desper
ado's tody tlie next second and he fell.
As he lav on the floor writhing in pain, a
volley of bullets was fired at him. When
he was apparently dead, a man entered
the cell and placing a piatol barrel at
Proctor's head, pulled the trigger to make
sure that the most feared and murderous
man of Logan County was dead.
Then the mob turned toward the cells of
"Dink" Proctor and his son Arch. They
were taken ffom their cells without resist
ance, the jailer's pleas were unheeded, and
the hands of the victims bound. By this
time there wera fully 200 men in the mob,
and no attempt was made to interfere with
their lynch-law plans. The prisoners were
taken to a three-limbed cedar tree on the
Nashville road. The empty limb was in
tended for Bill Proctor, and on the other
two limbs were strung father and son,
without giving either any time for
speeches, coniessions or prayers.
Mrs. Proctor, the wife and mother, who
had come to attend the examining trial
to-day, was sleeping in a hotel unconscious
of the tragedy which was being enacted
close at hand, and by order of the loaders
the procession to the improvised gallows
was not allowed to stop at the hotel to
grant the last pitiful plea of Arch to see
and say good-by to his mother.
The bodies, swinging side by side, were
cut down this morning, and big crowds
same to the jail to see the three bodies
laid out there for the Coroner's inquest.
The mob on its way to Adairville cue all
tbe telegraph wires ieading from that
place in order to prevent notice of their
coming being given.
The law-abiding citizens of Adairville
congratulated each other that "Bill" and
his nephew had been put away, but the
people of the county generally say that
"Dink" was not deserving of death. The
brothers were acquitted of the charge of
killing Aaron Crafton, and Arch was held
for trial in $2000 bonds. Tbe trial of all
three was set for to-day in the other mur
der case. "Bill" killed several men and has
been on trial four times for his life.
Decitit of n French Litterateur.
PARIS, France, Dec. 18.— M. Paul
Auguste Arene, the French litterateur, is
dead. He was 53 years of age.
NEW TO- DAT.
«V <«M W
oristmas
•— Gifts
MBf ittSiffKr j^^uß f\ra ftf^* WaJm H^ BTT^ KF*
227P0ST5E
717 FM FSH2
THOMAS B. REED
GRANTED RELIEF
Not the Speaker, but a War
Veteran of the State of
Pennsylvania.
Passage of a Bill in the House
That Caused Amusement and
Embarrassment.
Action of the Government in Pleading
the Statute of Limitation Is
Denounced.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— This
was private bill day in the House under
the rules, and the request of Bingharn (R.)
of Pennsylvania for unanimous consent to
proceed with the legislative, executive and
judicial appropriation bill met objection.
Tuirty-seven private pension bills pre
\ iously reported by tbe committee of the
whole were passed and the rest of the
afternoon was occupied in discussing five
war claim bills, one of which, for the re
lief of Thomas B. Reed, a Pennsylvania
soldier, was passed.
The report of the conference was agreed
to extending until ten days after the be
ginning of tbe next session the limit
within which the joint Congressional
committee on regulations for the free
use of alcohol in tbe arts and manufac
tures might report.
At 5 o'clock, under the rules, tne House
took a recess until 8 o'clock, the evening
session to be for the considering of pri
vate pension bills.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 18.— Odell
(R.) of New York submitted from the
committee on accounts a favorable report
on a resolution permitting the doorkeeper
of the House to employ fifteen additional
persons in the folding-room at a salary of
$70 a month each, their employment net
to continue beyond the present, session.
Lacey (R.) of lowa offered an amend
ment that the lifieen employes should be
selected from States not now represented
on the doorkeeper's roil, and it was
adopted.
Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania stated tnat
the adoption of the amendment would
make it impossible to appoint a single
folder. The resolution was then disagreed
to, 45 to 292. A demand for the regular
order cut off the remainder of the resolu
tions of the committee on accounts.
Evans (R.) of Kentucky presented the
report of the conferences on the joint res
olution to extend the time within which
the joint Congressional committee to
investigate the adoption to regulations
for the use of free alcohol and manufac
tures, to report to Congress, limiting the
time to ten days after the beginning of
the next session, and it was agreed to.
This being private bill day under the
rules, Bingham (R.)of Pennsylvania, in
charge of the legislative, executive and
judicial appropriation bill, asked unani
mous consent to proceed with its consid
eration, but objection was made by Malion
(R.) of Pennsylvania, chairman of the
committee on war claims. The bills on
the calendar reported from tbe committee
of the whole was disposed of, thirty-seven
being passed.
A bill to pay $5000 to Flora A. Darling,
widow or a Confederate general, for
money alleced to have been taken from
ncr at the time of her arrest on a steamer
at Ne-v Orleans, while traveling on a safe
permit grantad by General Banks, was
laid on tue table despite t c favorable
recommendation of tbe committee.
These being disposed of, the House
went into committee of the whole to con
sider bills for private relief.
The first bill read raised a laugh, being
"for the relief of Thomas B. Reed." Tne
proposed beneficiary, it turned out, was a
semeant in the Fifth Pennsylvania In
fantry and the bill authorized the Court of
Claims to pass upon his claim for pay as
such sergeant, lie having bet-n carried on
the roll as a private. The bill was passed.
A bill for the relief of James Bigler, a
resident of New York, who owned some
property in Virginia, destroyed during
the war, was laid aside to permit an in
vestigation into the question as to whether
or not it was destroyed iv military opera
tions.
Dingley (R.) of Maine suggested that if
this was the case the biil opened up a
dangerous field, one which Congress had
never before entered— that of paying for
property destr yed in military operations.
Should that policy be now adopted, he
baid, Congress would have to provide
revenue to the extent of four or five hun
dred millions instead of rifty or seventy
live millions.
Three or four other war-claim bills were
considered, meeting witu the usual objec
tion. Upon a measure to repay $300 sur>
sntute money taken from a Swede who
was drafted whiie not a citizen of the
United States came up, and Dingley
pleaded that the statute of repose should
be allowed to obtain and that these
claims arising thirty years after the war
had closed be settled and stay settled.
Manon(R.)of Pennsylvania replied to
this, vieoroubly protesting against tho
Government pleadint, the statute of lim
itations after years of denied justice to
claimants. In this case Updegraff (R.)
of lowa, of whom tbe claimant is a con
stituent, denounced the action of the Gov
ernment as that of a highway robber, seiz
ing the money like him by its strong arm
and retainiuc it because of its power to do
bo. 3y a vote of 65 io 55 the committee
recommended favorable action on the bill
and it then rose.
The House passed the bill for the relief
of Thomas B. Reed amidst much amuse
ment and some embarrassment of the
Bpea—er.
"WELL, WE CAN PASS IT."
Speaker Reed Favor* Action on the A«u>
Tariff Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.—
Speaker Reed is referred to as" favoring
action on the new tariff bill that the Ways
and Means Committee will prepare and
report about the middle of January. He
was yesterday asked if he expected to see
such a course pursued, and replied :
"Well, we can pass it. It is about time
that the Congress did something to allow
business to go on and take care of itself.
Why should we not pass it?"
The Republicans who adopt the view of
the Sneaker say that if the tariff bill can
be passed by this Congress and sent to the
Senate, the refusal of the Senate to sup
port the action of the House will be useful
as an illustration of the perversity of tue
Silver Republicans. With the votes of
the Silver Republicans the chances of the
bill would be improved and Democrats
who liave been insisting that the revenues
are insufficient might be induced to aid
in its passage. But the Republicans are
unwilling to base any hopes of success
upon the uncertain action of their poli
tical opponents in this Congress or the
next.
Wednesday's debate in the Senate was
a severe blow to the members of the
Home Market Club, who had come here
from Boston unwilling to believe that
there were tbe insuperable obstacles to
the passaee of the Dinglev bill that
Senators Berry and Lodge bad informed
their constituents there were. Strangely
the Manufacturers' Club of Philadelphia
has entertained the idea that it would be
possible to so arrange matters that oppo
sition could be overcome, possibly with
the aid of the Gold Democrats. These gen
tlemen, however, evidently overlooked
the fact that the number of Gold Dem
ocrats is less than the number of Senators
required to make a quorum.
BAD NEWS FOR SOME VETERANS.
Congressmen Discover That Local Medical
Examining Pension Boards Have Been
Put Under Civil Service.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.—Con
eressman Oversireet of Indiana to-day
discovered tbe fact that the local medical
examining pension boards have been put
under tbe civil service. This is informa
tion to the California Congressmen, all of
whom have on file many applications for
appointments on local boards. Commis
sioner of Pensions Murphy himself says
he was not, until very recently, aware of
this chance. He was apprised of it after
the opening of the present session of Con
gress.
This extension is of importance to
thousands of prospective pensioners in
California, who are anxiously awaiting
tbe appointment of new and more friendly
boards. In many instances applicants
have ielt that adverse rulings in their
cases resulted partially from an anxiety
on the part of the examining boards to find
reasons why pensions should not be
granted, and many pension claims have
been held back awaiting the appointment
of Republican boards under trie new ad-
ministration. Many Congressmen express
indignation at tnis latest deve'opment of
civil service txtension. It i«? outrageous,
they say, that a President should be per
mitted to perpetuate in office petty offi
cials originally appointed largely on tbe
recommendation of their partisanship.
In such cases "civil service reform" is
merely the spoils system rendered more
offensive by conferring upon tne benefi
ciary a life interest in the spoils thus
bestowed. In this instance, unless
prevented by Congressional action it will
work injury to thousands of veterans now
kept from that which is justly clue them
by the Opposition of an unfriendly ad
ministration, which will be allowed to
keep its tentacles fastened upon the coun
try after its head has been cut off by the
people.
LONG AND SHORT HAUL.
Railroad Cotnpanie* Desire a Suspen
sion of the Claute.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— The
Interstate Commerce Commission to-day
began the hearing on the application of
the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
road, the Rio Grande and Western, the
Southern Pacific Railroed, the Colorado
Midland and the receivers of the Union
Pacific for the suspension of the long and
short haul clause of the fourth section of
the act to regulate commerce. The sus
pension is desired between what is known j
as the Colorado common points, including I
Denver, Colorado Spring-, Pueblo, Ei
Mora and Trinidad, in Colorado, and what |
is known as the California terminal points, j
such as San Francisco, Sacramento, Stock- •
ton an 1 other points on the Pacific Coast.
The object of tiie application is to en
able these roads to meet competition with
water traffic I y Atlantic and Pacific steam
ships, and incidentally with me Canadian
Pacific Railroad Company, over which the
Interstate Commerce Commission has no
jurisdiction.
THEFTS OF A DISBURSING CLERK.
How Kieckhoefer Manipulated Trust
Fund* of tlir- State Department.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— Tfce
Grand Jury has taken action in the case of
Francis J. Kieckhoefer, formerly disburs
ing clerk of the State Department, who is
charged on three counts with embezzle
ment of $17,000, of funds intrusted to bis
care while in the Government service.
The money is alleged to have been taken
by Kieckhcefer from the trust funds of
the State Department over which he had
control. It is part of the $139,000 shortage
discovered by an expert accountant in tue
accounts kept by Kieckhoefer.
Mr. Kieckhoefer was arrested some
months ago, but released on $15,000 bail.
He had previously resigned by direction
of Secretary Olney. Just what the action
of the Grand Jury was has not yet de
veloped, but a return of their finding is
expected in a day or two, and it is under
stood that it. is perfectly satisfactory to
the District Attorney. The matter has
hung fire for over a month.
China Accepts the Regulations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18. —
Minister Denby at Peking cables the State
Department that China has accepted the
amendments to the international regula
tions ior the prevention of collisions at sea.
For Building* in California.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— Bills
making appropriations for public build
ings at San Diego, Cal., $200,000, and
Fresno, Cal., $100,000, were acted on favor
ably by the House committee to-day.
Useful Gifts for Boys.
Boys' suits, overcoats, hats, shirts, neckwear,
gloves, sweaters, rubber coats, etc., at rock
bottom prices. The Old IXL,L. V. Merle, pro
prietor, corner Kearny and Commercial streets
and Sixth street, corner Mission. *
A GRAND ANSWER TO A VENOMOUS LIE.
Citizens of San Jose Express Their Opinion of Mr. Hearst's " Examiner"
arid Its Methods.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
OF INTEREST TO
THE PACIFIC COAST
No Appropriation Can Yet
Be Secured for Goat
Island.
Meanwhile Additional Boys Are
Being Enlisted in the Navy
for the Training School.
Preservation of Forests in the Cali
fornia Government Reservations
Is Being Urged.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— The
commission to set apart land, on Goat
Island for the naval training station has
not yet made its selection, and in conse
quence nothing can be done at present to
secure an appropriation for its establish
ment. In the meanwhile, however, Ad
miral Riimsey, at the solicitation of Sen
ator Perkins, has made arrangements for
an increase in the enlistment of boys.
The admiral states that it is the intention
of the department to transfer the boys
now on the Independence, 100 in number,
to the Adam?, which is now on her way
from Honolulu, and use that vessel as a
cruising and training ship. This will eive
an opportunity for 100 more boys. When
this change can be accomplished, orders
will be ißSued to Mare Island to continue
enlistments until they have 100 more boys.
Increased interest is being manifested ih
California as to the preservation of for
ests in Government reservations. The
Engineers' and Architects' Associa
tion of Southern California and the Sierra
Club have brought the matter to the atten
tion of Senator Perkins, whose aid has
been solicited. He realizes the importance
of the question and will endtavor to
secure legislation that will remedy some
of the evils now complained of. The con
nection between forest preservation and
irrigation in California is fully realized by
the California delegation.
The Agricultural Department has
placed at the disposal of Senators a large
number of packages of flower, vegetable
and field seed, which will be sent out soon
after the first of the coming year.
The Chief of Engineers has submitted to
Congress a report ol the Major Davis corps
of engineers on the preliminary examina
tion of Suisun Creek, California. Major
I Davis reports that an examination of the
I creek shows a tolerably wide and deep
I xlough with several shoal places, generally
jat tne bends. Tiie river is navigated by
j small fiat-bottomed sailing-vessels oi
about eighty tons, carrying only freight
and drawing abou: five feet of water, which
depth can carry them all the way to the
dock into town at high tide. In front of
the town's docks the flats are bare at low
tide. The naphtha launch was unable to
land on the return trip of Major Davis.
At some points there are sharp turns, he
says, and sailing vessels under headway
are in danger of running aground by get
ting out of the channel, particularly
where the latter is narrow, and may have
to wait twelve hours for a rising tide.
Thcne interested in the improvement of
the stream would be satisfied with a prac
ticable navigable depth of eight feet,
which could be secured at slight cost by
drodging a few places, cutting off one
point and making a cut-off through the
bend, 'i he town has issued bonds in tae
sum of $42,000 for the construction of
water works, and a contract has been let
for the work. It is claimed that a beet
sugar factory will be started when the
works have been completed.
A further examination of the creek will
be necessary to determine the cost of
improving it. Major Davis, while not
committing himself vositively in an opin
ion that the creek is worthy of improve
ment, thinks it seems to warrant further
examination and recommends a survey at
a cost of $600.
Colonel Suter, the division engineer, and
Chief of Engineers Craiehill indorse the
recommendation of Major Davis.
Representative McLachlan of California
to-day introduced a bill for the relief of
John H. Lilite ol Los Angeles.
Titus Hate has been commissioned Post
master at Marcu^e, Cal.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Additional — Eugene H. Covey,
Los Angeles; Charles Green, Sun Fran
cisco. Mexican war survivors, increase —
Samuel W. Boring, San Jose.
Oregon: Original — Jacob E. Smith,
Grants Pass; William Allen K.ng, Oak.
Washington: R •issue— Thomas B. Pix
ley, Tacoma. Original willows and or
phans — Lzzie Grannistkstadten, Walla
\Valla; Catherine Meyer Vancouver.
As to J-ree Sleeper*.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 18.— A special
meeting of the California lines in the
Western Passenger Association was held
yesterday to consider charges that some
of the lines are making concessions in
order to secure business by free berths in
tourist sleepers. It was said after the
meeting that the charges could not be
substantiated.
FORGER BENECKE DIES IN JAIL
And Now One of the Most Daring Gangs
That Ever Operated in the Coun
try is B re ken Up.
ALBANY, N. V., Dec. 18.— The most no
torious gang of forgers that ever operated
in tbe United States is now broken up.
No longer will the mention of the names
of Benecke, Beecker and Cregan cause
terror to the banking world. Benecke
died on Tuesday, and his associates,
Beecker and Cregan, are serving life terms
in a California penitentiary. Joe Me-
Cluskey and A. H.Dan, both members
of the Beecker-Beneckegang, were acquit
ted. It was through Dean's information
that Beecker and Cregan were arrested in
New York and sentenced.
Benecke was known as "the king of the
forgers," and he died on Tuesday morning
in the Albany County Jail. Until yester
day Chief of Police Willard did not know
that Benecke was dead. For some un
known reason Deputy Sheriff Trayer kept
the matter quiet. He had been confined
here since April 6 of the present year,
awaiting trial on an indictment cnarginz
him with forgery found against him by
the Grand Jury in April, 1893. The spe
cific charge against him was that on No
vomber 4, 1894, I.c had raised a draft on
the National Commercial Bank of this
city from $16 to $1600. H ■ was arrested in
New York City just before leaving that
city for Europe, and brought to Albany.
Benecke was variously known as Wi
liam Walworth, David Johnson, Frank
Telferd, David Bolsen, Daniel Benecko
and Big Dan. He was 33 years old. The
disease of which he died was contracted
in prison in Tennessee, where he was con
j fined prior to his incarceration in this city.
' The Tennessee authorities disregarded the
claim of New York's Governor to the cus
tody of the forger.
Detective Nolan was dispatched to New
York to hunt him up. He found him on
Monday, April 6, as he was standing on
the dock of the Cunard steamship line
and placed him under arrest. Benecke
was buried Wednesday at Sandy Hill,
N, V., where his mother resides.
VICTIMS BY THE SCORE.
Detectires Oatherina In Members of a
Oattff of Mining Swindler*.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 18.— A morning
paper says: William H. McNutr, alias
George H. Linn, was to-day placed under
arrest at (be instance of a local detective
agency, which charges him with being a
member of an alleged eang of mining
stock swindlers. A. V. Cornell, with sev
eral aliases, has already been placed under
bonds and extradition papers are being
prepared for one B. C. Evans from Butte,
Mont.
Under various guises as ore brokers,
mining experts, gold mining stock owners
| and corporation officials Linn and his
partners have carried on, it is said, suc
cessful trading in fraudulent paper, mak
ing from $1000 to $2000 with comparatively
slight effort.
Investigation thus far tends to show
that A. S. Lie;, a real estate dealer, was
defrauded of $1000 last night. Mrs. Har
riet J. Warren, it is said, found herself a
victim to th ■ extent of a dishonored draft
calling for $520 thrown out of a Butte
City bank.
It is believed by the victims, detectives
and reputable mining officials at Butte
City that the cane has made victims by
the score all over tbe country.
HEADING OFF REFORMERS.
Chicago Saloonmen Talk About Closing
for Four Month*.
CHICAGO. 111, Dec. 18.— A morning
paper publishes a story to the effect that
it is proposed by the saloonmen of Chi
cago to shut their shops for a period of
four months and thereby deprive the city
of revenue aggregating $1,000,000. This
policy was vigorously discussed yesterday
by the Cook County Liquor-dealers' As
sociation.
It was stated that the Civic Federation
and its allies were laying plans for prohib
itory legislation at the coming legi-lativa
session. The prospect of another Raines
law in operation in Chicaeo was anything
but plea-ing to the minds of the saloon
men. It was stated lhat the common en
emy should be taught a Jesson in political
economy if it persi-tsd in its attempts to
encroach upon the rights and privileges
o: the saloonmen. By a unanimous vote
the association agreed that this lesson
could best be conveyed by the voluntary
closing of all the saloons in Chicago for
four months.
This novel procedure, it ia claimed, will
deprive the city of so much money that
the "reform" element would quickly
understand that it had been playing a
losing g*me and would come to time.
Xo Swindling About It.
CHICAGO, 111.. D«c. 18.— W. J. Chal
mers of Frazer & Chalmers, who supplied
the machinery for the Montana mine in
which Quigley & Mullen of Wilmington,
Del., were interested, said in reference to the
mining company: "There is no swindle
about the Delaware company's dealings.
The mines of the Golden Scepter Gold
Mining Company at Quigley, near Bonita,
Mont., are sure to be productive, as we
satisfied ourselves before entering into any
transactions with the company."
GOMPERS LEADS
THE ORGANIZATION
Re- Elected President of the
American Federation
of Labor.
All Oificers Retained Except the
Secretary, Who Gives Way
icr Morison.
First Vice • President McGuire Not
Permitted to Dccl ne to Further
Serve.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 18.— At this
morning's session o! tue convention of the
Federation of Labor a resolution was in
troduced by Delegate Ashe of Boston de
manding amendments to ;he constitution
of the United States preventing the re
viewing and setting aside of laws duly
enacted by the representatives of the
people.
The resolution elicited much discussion,
and was defeated by a vote of 44 to 21.
Delegate Lennon of the Journeymen
Tailors offered a substitute resolution
reaffirming the stand taken at the past
three conventions favoring the unlimited
coinage of silver at 16 to 1. Lennon's sub
stitute was carried by a vote of 1935;
against, 302.
A resolution that the American Federa
tion of Labor extend us moral and finan
cial support to the Colorado miners was
approved.
Delegate Weisemann offered a resolu
tion that the former action of the federa
tion favoring free coinage of silver at 16
to 1 be reconsidered, aad that as the work
ing men had become divided on silver the
best interests of tne federation would be
served by refusing to give it consideration.
Delegate Varnell offered a substitme, re
affirming the former action on the silver
question.
At the afternoon session the special
order for tfce annual election was deferred
to hear the report of the committee on
the president's report. It indorsed all the
recommendations of President Gompers
in every instance and was indorsed by a
unanimous vote of the convention. The
following officers were then elected, in
every case the secretary being instructed to
cast the unanimous vote of the convention
for the nominee:
President, Samuel Gompers cf New
York; rtrst vice-president, P. J. McGuire
of Pniladelphia; second vice-president,
James Duncan of Baltimore; third vice
president, James O'Connell of Chicago;
fourth vice* president, M. M. Garland oi
Pittsburg, Pa. ; secretary, Frank Morison
of Blouiningion, Hi. ; treasurer, John D.
Lennon of New York.
The only change in the list of officers
from those chosen at the last convention
was in the secretaryship.
In response to an enthusiastic call from
the delegates, President Gompers made a
Bhort address to the convention, thanking
it for its testimonial of confidence and
stating that in v;ew of recent circum
stances, hs practically unanimous re
election was one oi the greatest, if not the
greatest, satisfaction of his life.
Mr. McGuire, the first vice-president,
declined to be a candidate, stating that
after ten years of Service, in which time
he had seen the organization develop to a
point where he knew it was out of all
danger, and in view of the fact that his
own organization demanded all of the
time be had to give to it, he must with
draw in favor of younger men who could
probably serve the federation better than
he could. The delegates refused to enter
tain his declination and unanimously re
elected him, and when they called on him
for a speech, he simply rose to his feet
and said, "I am not satisfied."
Martin Fox and George E. McNeil were
elected fraternal delegates to the British
Trades Ljnion Cong! ess which is to assem
ble at Birmingham, England, on the firs*
Monday in September, 1897, and John B.
Lennon and Horace M. Eaton chosen as
alternates. The selection of a place for
holding the next annual convention being
in order, Nashvule, Term., Kansas City,
Sait Lake City and St. Louis were nomi
nated. On rollcall the vote resulted:
Nas iville 1618, Kansas City 338, Salt Lake
City 262, St. Louis 250.
The committee on the eight-hour move
ment handed in their report which in
structed the executive council to do every
thing in its power to attain tue end aimed
at, that the entire constituency of the A.
F. of L. strive for the accomplishment of
a universal eight-hour work day and that
aid would be furnished in sustaining the
contest in this'respect now on in the State
of Utah. The report was ordered printed
and will come up for action later.
The special committee report on
the Kansas City Armour Packing Com
pany, including the Armour Company in
Chicago, as they were satisfied the two
concerns were under one head and work
ing together in the fitfht against organized
labor, will come before the convention at
a future time, with all of the committee's
recommendations.
It was moved that when the convention
adjourn it be to reconvene at 7:30 o'clock.
Delegate Phillies of New York protested
that such action would be a bad example
for an organization righting for an eight
hour workday to set, and his protest met
with such an unanimous outburst of
approval that the motion was withdrawn.
The convention adjourned, to meet to
morrow morning at 9:30 o'clock.
SECRETARY ROOSE V ELT ARRIVES
Returns From England to Benefit His
Health and A'ot on Business.
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 18.-James R.
Roosevelt, secretary of the United States
Embassy in England, who suffered an at
tack of nervous prostration recently, ar
rived here to-day from England on the
Germanic. To a reporter he said: "While
I contemplate making an occasional trip
to Washington, the object of my return is
solely for the betterment of my health. I
shall remain here about three weeks. I
am not here on official business."
Regarding tbe contemplated gift to
Embassador Bayard by the British people
Secreiary Roosevelt said: "Erabassador
Bayard was in the north of England at
the time the matter was published and
knew nothing of it until his return to
London. He then lost no time in dis
claiming the gift, and certainly knew
nothing of criticism about it before tak
ing action. His prompt action endeu the
matter."
Concerning the feeling in England
toward Cuba Mr. Roosevelt said: "Cuban
affairs do not seem to greatly interest the
English. In fact, I do not recollect hav
in • heard the subject discussed at all.
The election of Mr. McKinley was, how
ever, generally discussed, and great satis
faction was felt over his election, as it
caused a feeling among the people of Eng
land that Americans could be depended
upon to keep all obligations."
Profestor Herrmann's Remains.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 18.— The body
of Alexander Herrmann, the famous ma
gician, whose death occurred suddenly
yesterday in the northern part of the
State, arrived at the Jersey City depot of
the Erie Railway this morning. The
: widow and several members of the com
pan? accompanied the remains. The
body was placed in a temporary casket,
and arrangements were made for its re
moval to the Masonic Temple in tuis city.
Professor Herrmann was a Mason of high
degree, and it is probable that the funeral
will take place from the temple on San
day afternoon. The burial will probably
be la Wooiilawn cemetery.
TWO FATAL RAILWAY WRECKS.
Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern Express
Strikes a Cow and Cars Are Piled
in the Ditch.
CHILLICOTHE, Ohio, Dec. 18.— A
wreck occurred on tbe Baltimore and
Ohio Southwestern on the edge of Ham
den, near here, at 1:30 o'clock this after
noon. A fast westbound express was
entering Hamden, going forty-five miles
an hour. Just as they whistled for the
station the pilot struck a cow. She was
thrown against a switch with such force
a3 to throw open the switch. The engine
took the switch track, while the coaches
kept on the main track. The eneine
jumped the track, ran into a bank and
overturned the tender. The coaches
struck the tender which lay partly across
the main tracic and jumped to another
siding, where they encountered a car of
shellei corn. The baggage and postal
cars also left the track.
M;chael King, postal clerK, of Cincinnati
was buried in the ."Helled corn and
smothered to death. O. H. Smith, postal
clerk, also of Cincinnati, sustained a frac
tured riband was injured so badly that he
may die. Postal Clerk Shennon of Civ«
cinnati was seriously injured. Conductor
Brown was ba ilf bruised and narrowly
escaped death. None of tbe passengers
were injured beyond bruisos that are not
seriou-.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Dec. 18.— At 8
o'clock a wreck occurred at the crossing
of the Wabash and Monon railways at
Delphi, Ind. A wrecking train jumped
tbe track, and the entire train wont into
a ditch. Oae man was instantly killed
and several others injured. Among the
injured is Trainmaster McCannon of the
Monon road. The names of the killed and
injured are as follows: Cecil Douglas of
Hammond, Ind, who was stealing a ride,
was instantly killed; C. W. McCannon,
trainmaster, had both legs broken ; John
Reed, conductor, injured internally; Otto
Lonp, brakeman, cut about the face and
head but not seriously injured.
DEL AY IS CONSTRUCTION.
Work on the Potto fficn Building Await*
the Report of Engineer*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— Judge
Maguire visited the supervising architect's
office to-day and had a talk with the chief
executive officer, Kemper, about the de
lay in beginning the construction of the
San Francisco postoffice building. Kemper
?nid the delay was dne to the fact the
War Department engineers had not sub
mitted their report on the foundation.
Three thousand dollars was appropriated
to ascertain what weight could be sup
| ported by such foundation as that at
j Seventh and Mission streets. Pending
receipt of tnis information the archi
tect's office can do nothing. When the
report of the engineers is received it will
be submitted for the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury. This last re
port, it must be understood, has no refer
ence to tho borings which were made over
a year ago.
Guilty of Manslaughter.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec 18.— The jury in
the case of Private Allen of the Fifteenth
Infantry, U. S. A., who shot and killed
Private Call of tne same regiment at Fort
Sheridan last March, returned a verdict of
guilty of manslaughter in the United
States Court this afternoon. The maxi
mum punishment for this crime under the
Federal law is three years' imprisonment
and a tine of $1000. A motion ior a new
trial wiil be argued next Tuesday, and if
refused sentence will be pronounced by
Judge Grosscup. The lieht verdict was
due to a belief in the defendant's mental
weakness, which is said to be hereditary.
His mother is a member of Rice's Extrav
aganza Company and Deputy Sheriffs
have been trying to find her to serve a
subpena for her to testify.
William Far or* Employer*.
BERLIN, Germany, Dec 18. — The
Berlin Post publishes a report of there
marks of the Emperor upon the occasion
of the banquei giv?n by the Chancellor,
Prince yon Hoheulohe. His Majesty ex
pressed his pleasure at the attitude of the
Hamburg employers in stanchiy resist
ing the unjust demands of the dock
laborers, and dwelt at length upon the
idea of ;ounding a coalition of employers.
Such action on the part of the employers,
be said, would be a blessing for the life
oi the seduced workingmen, enabling them
to resist the incitement of haired within
the rauks of labor.
Suicirte of n Telegrapher.
NEW ORLEANS. Lk., Dec. 18.— 8. E.
Josselyn, a telegraph operator, committed
suicide last night by taking a dose of
morphine. He left behind a note in
which he said poverty caused his act. He
was a train dispatcher at Ogden, Utah, re
cently, where his wife and child are now.
He has been working for the Western
Union here for three weeks. He drew
his money on the 15th, and it is said lost
all his money by gambling. Having
nothing to send his wife for Christmas, it
is thought he became disgusted with life
and quit. _
Keane Congratulates Conway.
WORCESTER, Mass.. Dec. 18, — The
Rev. Dr. Conway, the newly appointed
rector of the Catholic University at
Washington, received a cablegram from
his predecessor, Bishop Keane, who is
now in Paris, tendering hearty congratu
lations and good wishes. The Rev. Dr.
Conway authorized the statement that his
installation and reception as rector of
the university will take place at Washing
ton Tuesday," January 19.
Trailing Two lrain- Robber:
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec. 18.— South
ern express officials say ibat tiie two rob
bers who held up the Southern railway
train near Baukston last night pot no
money. Only the local safe was opened,
the through safe escaping, the messenger
having no key,to it and tne robbers being
unable to break it open. Officers witu
dogs are endeavoring to trail the robbers.
On* of the B«*t Trip* on Record.
NEW ORLEANS. La.. Dec 18.— The
steamship Creole of the Cromwell line
crossed the bur at the mouth of the Mis
s ssippi at 8:22 a*. >i. yesterday, and her
time therefore from Sandy Hook to the
Hope
Returns to the heart of tne victim bound in the
chains of rheumatism, dyspepsia, scrofula, ca-
tarrh, when the blood is enriched and purified
by
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. AUdrusgists. $1.
Hnnrl'c Dillc ara the best after-dinner
1 1UUU b r'lllb piilSj digestion. 25c
bar is 4 days 16 hours and 5 minntes. Tbi«
is one of the best trips on record and a
noteworthy run for a vessel on her first
trip.
Vrnth of a A. d* Rocande
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. IS.— A dis>\
patch from Paris to General Agent Forget \
of the ComDagnie Generale Transatlan- \
tique announces the death of A. de
Rocande, commercial manager of the
company, at the ace of 74 years.
"UP WITH YOUR PAWS."
A Peculiar Hold-Up That
Saved a Man's
Life.
AN UNDER - SHERIFF'S SENSE
Utter Disgust of a Train-Robber at
the Nervousness of a
Victim.
A small knot of men were telling stories
in the office of one of the most prominent
hotels on Montgomery street the other
day and they had got round to noted
stage-robberies, when a gentleman called
Morton, who is we^l known on the Corn
stock now, chipped in with one of the
queerest of all the tales of Dandits that
oas yet been heard.
He said: "Now, this happened less than*
a year ago, and I was acting Deputy!
Sheriff at the time. It was the same oftl-w
fashioned order to 'Come out of that, 1 for'
1 was riding on the inside, keeping cases
on a young fellow whose friends had
shipped him down to the city, for what
reason you'll see later on. There was no
chance for me to pull my gun or do a
blamed thing, and so I made up my mind
to watch developments mighty close, in
the hope that there might be some chance
of locating the 'beauties,' and so I did not
show right. I was out, and my hands
went up at word of command, but the
fellow that 1 was looking out for only
shook and shivered like a dog eating
razors and his hands never budged.
"Well, it didn't take a minute for the
robber to approach within half a foot of
him and poke his shooter right into his
nose. 'Up with those paws,' he howled,
'unless you want — ' and then 1 saw him
pause in astonishment. Why, the poor
young chap was so scared he couldn't
raise a hand. I bad pretty near to iaueh
myself, but I didn't. He went through
him with hands down, and after cursing
him for what he supposed to be and what
he called the 'lack of sand' he tried to hit
him with the butt end of his gun to show
his niter disgust, and as he drew back his
arm he said, 'You ought to be dead, any
way,' and with that down dropped the
fellow out of sheer fright. And. by
thunder, I thought he had died from fear.
Well, I got not a single show at his 'nibs'
and had to give up everything, gun and
all.
"As soon as they had cleared out I
went over to the chap lying on the
ground and found him still breathing
and, with the driver put him back in the
stage and we cot down here without any
more to do. But that's the only time I
ever heard of any one being gone throueli
with their 'paws' down, I thought he'd
shoot sure."
"What became cf the youngsterT"
asked a listener.
"Oh ! he got all rignt," said Mr. Morton.
"He wa> awful sick; been playing the
fool; got run down and diseased, and the
outcome was that he got that nervous be
couldn't cross the street. His folks told
me that he wasa 'goner,' but they wanted
to have him come down here lo see',
whether the doctors of ths Hudson Mcdi- k
cal Institute could do anything in the ™
world for him, and as none of them
could come with him, why I came —
that's all there was to that. Well,
I just took him up there to the
Institute, at the corner of Market, Ellis
and Stockton streets, but by the Lord
harry, I had to pack him into the place.
'Ob, yes, he's sick— very sick,' said one o<
the doctors, 'but he'll pull through.'
Well, they gave him one or two baths, I
think, and then I don't think that they
give him any more than one kind of
medicine. 'Hudyan' I thinfc they call it,
and in about two weeks he came back
home. He was all well again in I«n than
three months. But I thought he was
dead when he fell down before that
bandit though. That was a hard one," he
concluded.
"How came he to hear of the Hudson
Ins uute?" a 'ked the former questioner.
"They send circulars about this great
remedy of theirs by mail to any one who
writes for them, I believe," said Mr. Mor
ton, "and his folks wrote to the doctors,
and when they saw all the testimonials
from the people that had been cured by
this 'Hudyan' they wanted him to come
down and try it. Oh, yes, he'd go stage
riding again now, for he ain't nervous like
that any more. He could hoid up his
hands now. That trip saved his life
though."
L.A. Berteling l'res. H. Nordman, Vice-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, Bee. - " Jos. IS'ordman, Treat.
BERTELING
OPTICAL CO.
427 Kearny St., Sear California.
The firm of L. A. BERTELINO, Incorporated "
under the above style, have, preparatory to their
removal, started a
GRAND REMOVAL SALE.
. Not wishing to take any oJ their Holiday Goods
Into their new quarters, which will be ready for
occupancy on or about February 1, 1897, they
have reduced
Opera and Field Glasses,
Lorgnettes, Etc., to Actual
Jobber's Cost.
427 Kearuy St., Near California.
OPEN EVENINGS.
I Men Made Overl
£j) Any man suffering from the effects of (9
2\ follies and excesses restored to perfect ®
>< health, manhood, and vigor. Night losses, (5)
X drains*nd emissions cease at once. The fib
® Errors of Youth, Premature Decline. Lost Jg
® Manhood, and all Diseases and Weak- •>{
S\ nesses of Man. from -whatever cause, W
fa permanently and privately cured. ' (5)
S SMALL, WEAK PARTS ENLARGED ®
(X . AND DEVELOPED. (•)
§ I
(5) - Our regular $3.00 package Paris Vital ®
Sj Sparks, : a full month's . treatment, 100®
Vf doses, sent Free for a feu) days only (m\
58} Mailed closely sealed. Cnt this oat. It !S
(•) only appears once: 'Write now, tn-dav ><
® THE DR. ARCHAMBAULT CO.,Dept.B2 9? !
Boston, Mass., U. S. A. •.-• ®,f ]
I No C. 0. D. or Prescription Fraud. 1 i
®(B>®®®©®®®®(SXs)®®<«XS><^^
SCOTCH WHISKY.
rirM. TEACHER & SONS, SCOTCH WHISKY
-if, distillers and merchants, Glasgow. »an a firm
of Rood standing as sole buying agents lor iheir
whiskies. .A, few shipments would be made on
consignment as a trial. References given and r*.
quired. State fail particulars.'ALL HONOR THE
PRESIDENT-ELECT
Major McKinley Receives
a Great Ovation at
Evanston.
College Boys Compel the Visitor
to Appear on the Porch, but
He Does Not Speak.
Neighbors of the Dawes Unite in
Entertaining the Distinguished
Statesman.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 18.— Major Me-
Kinley was the central figure in a front
porch episode to-night. The familiar
. scene was changed from his own front
porch to that of the residence of Charles
G. Dawes, in the classic suburbs of Evan
ston. The President-elect was drawn out
into the chilly air by the combined lune
power of half a thousand enthusiastic
students of the Northwestern University.
The distinguished visitor's presence in
their midst was well known to all Evan
stonians, and the college boys quickly or
panized in parade order. They marched
m an orderly, quiet body to the Dawes
i house, surrounded it and lustily cheered
.^for the next President of their country.
Major McKinley, accompanied by Mr.
. Dawes, satisfied their clamor by appear
ing in his campaign role, but this time he
declined to make a speech. He merely
bowed his appreciation of the compliment
and returned to his cozy quarters.
v Major McKinley had an excellent
night's rest and said this morning that he
already felt some benefit from the charge
and rest. Mr. and Mrs. McKinlev went
for an early morning drive in the bracing
.'*! 'ir> The rest of the day was spent indoors
.at the Mac Williams residence until it was
time to drive to the Northwestern Depot
to take the 3 o'clock regular train for
/.Evanston.. The Major was accompanied
■by Mr. Dawes and Captain H. O. Heis
land. United States army, who was also a
guest at Mr. Dawes' home to-night. They
arrived at 3:30 and soon after the three
men, accompanied by Mr. Dawes, went
•for a drive through the town. Thin even
ing, in an informal, social manner, numer
ous neighbors and fri' nds of the Dawes
lamily called to pay their respects to their
chief guest and help to mane the evening
pass pleasantly.
General William R. Day of Canton will
arrive in Evanston to-morrow morning
and have a conference with Major Mc-
Kinley at Mr. Dawes' house.
Mrs. McKinley is in better health than
she has been for two months, and it is
likely that she will go to New York City
early in the y*»ar to do some shopping.
Major McKinley will accompany her, ana
if they go it is suggested tbat they &pend a
fortnight at Atlantic City. The major
now talks of returning to Canton Monday
night. His chief political caller to-day
..'was Governor Upham of Wisconsin, who
■ urged the appointment of Henry C. Payne
to the Cabinet.
31VST BJTTMIR OS RECORD.
There Will He a (ireat Struggle for Pal
mtr'n Sent in the Senate.
I SPRINGFIELD, 111., Dec. 18.— With
-the near approach oi the convening of the
Legislature it becomes apparent that the
contest fora Senator to succeed General
John M. Palmer will hs one of the most
bitter on record in this country. The fact
is due not bo much to political divisions,
for the Republicans have an overwhelming
..majority on joint ballot, but rather to the
'.announced determination of the ''Chicago
/machine" to force into the shoes once
■.worn by Lyman Trumbull, Stephen A.
■ Douglass, John A. Logan and others dis
tinguished in National history an un-
. Vsavory Chicago ward politician, Martin
.Madden by name. The latter's only claim
•to distinction and preferment is the fact
'.that for years he has represented in the
■ City Council the Fourth Ward ot the city,
which includes in its area a portion of the
•notorious levee and a big slice of the
Colored slums of the city, and to the fur
• :ther fact tuat as a municipal legislator he
:has been hand and glove with the boodle
.-element and has worked and voted for
•; -most of the measures that Have given the
: pubiic streets to gas and street railroad
•corporations without compensation to the
.'city.
■;•■ Already non-partisan meetings to de
iSno'unpe his candidacy — a course hitherto
unprecedented in Senatorial campaigns —
: -tia?e been held, one of them in his own
w.aid and within a block of his own resi
dence, and every daily paper in the city
..save one, and in which he has a financial
/interest, has come out boldly against bis
election. Even tho staid Chicago Tribune,
.which believes in party discipline above
all things, has- come from cover and issued
a. note of warning to the machine. Mad
dens strongest competitor in bis own
party ia ex-Congressman William E.
'. Mason. The Democrats have not yet
'.tee recced a recipient for their compli
mentary vote. '
ONLY THE REGULAR RATES.
Washington Hotels Will Aot Overcharge
Jturing the Inaugural.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— Reports
having been circulated in Philadelphia and
other cities to the effect that Washington
hotels had entered into a combination to
Charge exorbitant rates during the inaug
ration week, Chairman Bell of the inaugu
ration committee authorizes an explicit
denial of the report. Chairman Bell said:
"I have caused a ailigent inquiry to be
made of the different hotels, and I find
the story to be absolutely untrue. So far
as I can find no hotel proposes to charge
more than the usual rates at such times."
Ad indications point to the largest
crowd ever seen in Wathington at any in
auguration and preparations are well un
der way for the entertainment and care of
the visitors upon that occasion, and with
the well-known ability of Washington to
properly handle large crowds no fears
need be entertained of extortion or lack o
accommodations for alt who may come.
JiJBIAS DEFINES DEMOCRACY.
The Chicago Platform Good Enough for
the Xebraskan.
RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 18.— The State
of this evening prints a letter from Hon.
Messrs. W. J. Bryan, R. P. Bland, W. J.
Stone, George Fred Williams and John T.
Morgan in reply to a query sent out from
that paper as to what, in the view "of those
gentlemen, constituted Democracy. Mr.
Bryan's letter read:
I Lincoln. Nebr., Dec. 10, 1896.
A To the Editor of the State : 1 have not time to
answer your questions at length. In a broad
tense a democracy is a government which the
people run, and a Democrat is one who be
-1 ieves in such a government. In a party sense,
Democracy is defined by the Chicago platform.
and the person who supports the party and its
platform can call himself a Democrat. The
platform Is entirely satisfactory. to me. In my
, judgment it applied Democratic principles to
present condition* , If a minority has a right
to give a party definition of Democracy, then
there may be as many different definitions of
Democracy as there are persons who desire to
Wear the name. Yours truly.
Wiuum J. Bryan.
COULD NOT SECURE A DIVORCE.
So Mrs. August Bierman Shoots Her
Husband to Death and Tries to
Kill Herse/f.
LAWRENCE, Kaxs., Dec 18.-Lake
View, the popular pleasure resort of
Lawrence and Topeka sportsmen, was the
scene of a tragedy last night. August
Bierman was shot through the heart by
the young wife, who then sent a bullet
through her own breast, just missing the
heart. Bierman was standing in front of
his house on the north side of the lake
watching a passing Santa Fe train, when
his wife slipped up behind him and dis
charged a revolver. Her husband died
instantly. The wife may recover.
Mrs. Bierman said: "i have shot my
husband. lam a murderess, but my only
regret is that 1 did not kill myself. I tried
to get a divorce and he would not let me.
We could not agree, and I killed him."
B.erman was a prosperous farmer, well
thought of by his neighbors. Ie was not
known that there was domestic troubles.
BRUTAL MURDER AND SUICIDE.
Henry Kemmeling Ki.ls the Handsome Wife
of His Half-Brother and Com
mits Suicide.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec 18. — A brutal
double tragedy occurred at 2313 Maiden
lane, in the north end of the city, this
evening. Anton Benning, a bricklayer,
and his handsome young wife lived at the
above number. With them boaraed Henry
Kemmeling, a half-brother of Benning.
Kemmeling had been too attentive to his
sistcr-in-iaw, and she told her husband of
it. When Benning returned home at 6 j
o'clock this evening he stumbled over the
body of his wife in the kitchen. Hi 3 cries
aroused the neighbors. The woman was
dead, with a bullet hole in her brain and
her throat and face terribly gashed. The j
surroundings indicated that a desperate
struggle had taken pJace.
In one of the upper rooms of the house
the corpse of Kemmeling was found on
the lounge, with a bullet hole through his
head. His left hand grasped v pistol with j
two empty chambers. The two had been
dead about two hours.
ROUNDING OF J*l X HAJinilS.
Thousands Slain During the Onslaught
at I.ntunr, Colo.
WICHITA, Kans., Dec. 18.— The annual
jackrabbit round-up at Larnar, Colo., is
now in progress and many Kansas sports
men are participating in the hunt The
rabbits have multiplied in that section to
so great an extent that such mode of ex
termination becomes necessary. Paul
Morton, third vice-President of the Santa
Fe, with a large party of Santa Fe officials,
came in to-night from that place where
thty spent the better part of yesterday in
the chase. If their accounts may be re
lied upon 15,000 jacks were slain in the
round-up. The members am elated with
their success, most of them having killed
as high as a hundred in five hours. The
reports of the guns were of suca volume as
to suggest a real battle.
Execution of a >rgro Murderer.
UPPER MARLBOROUGH. Ma, Dec.
18. — James Smith, a short, thick-set mulat
to, was hanged here this morning for the
murder of Miss Margaret Drown, a white
girl with whom he claimed to be in love.
He cut the girl's throat because she re
pulsed him. Ait^r committing the mur
der, on July 28, Smith went to Washing
ton, where he was captured the following
day. A moD tried to lynch him here and
he was hurried off to the Baltimore jail.
Last night Sheriff Underwood and his
deputies secretly brought the murderer
back here after he had been baptized by a
Baptist clergyman in the Baltimore
prison.
Fithina Hoats Blown Ashore.
CHATHAM, Map?., Dec. 18.— The gale
of "Wednesday was the most disastrous in
its results for twenty years. Nearly all
of a fleet of 150 fishing boats were driven
on shore or sunk at their moorings. Trees
and fences were leveled ami Chatham
Besch was given a terrible washing, which
rre.ntly handicapped the life-savins: patrol.
Wires are down in nil sections and trains
are a day behind time.
Under a- financial Cloud.
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. IS. — Frank C.
Miles, tba treasurer of the Boston Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, is under a
financial cloud, and according to develop
ments to-flav a deficit variously estimated
at from $60,000 to $100,000 was discovered
in the funds of the company. The cor
poration is one of the strongest of its kind
in the State.
Purchase oj Iron Mines.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 18.— It was re
ported in financial circles to-day that the
purchase of the Mountain and Rathbun
iron mines in the Mesaba range, Minne
sota, by the Carnesrie Steel Company from
John D. Rockefeller h:i« taken place. The
amount involved is unknown.
Killed in a Dwl
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 18.— A special
cable d'.jpalch to the Herald from Tunis
says: Captain Servotte, the naval attache
here, was killed here to-day in a duel with
swords by Maitre Maille, Jnge de Paix.
•—• — ♦ — •
Km no Hats.
For men and boys at a saving to the pur
chaser of 25 per cent from price* elsewhere.
Our lines of Fedora. Trilby and stiff hats can
not be beat. The Old IX L, h. V. Merle pro
prietor, corner Kearny and Commercial streets
and corner Sixth and Mission streets. *
A BAD PREDICAMENT.
LONG GREEN--" Pardon me, sir, but that last lie about 'The
Call' has tangled me up so that I shall have to bs laid off a while
in order to undo myself."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
MADE TO WED
ONE SHE HATED
Miss Jose's Disappearance
From a Fresno Ranch
Explained.
Was Abducted by a Suitor and
Forced to Become His
Bride.
Escaped From Her Husband and Now
Brings Suit to Annul the
Marriage.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 18.— Henrietta Jose
did not elope with Joseph Nestor from the
home of her brother-in-law, George Car
lisle, near Jameson in the western portion
of the county last Saturday night, as was
supposed. She arrived in Fresno to-day
with Carlisle and her father, and stated
that Nestor had kidnaped her. He forced
her to accompany him to Hanford, where
they were married against her will. As
soon as an opportunity presented itself she
left him and returned to her relatives.
She came to Fresno to-day to place the
case in the hands of the District Attorney
to prosecute Nestor, and also to bring an
action to have the marriage annulled.
The suit was filed with the County Clerk
this afternoon.
Mrs. Nestor was interviewed by a Call
correspondent this evening. She said that
Nestor, who was working on the Carlisle
ranch, had been paying her attentions,
but on all occasions she had rejected
them. She was already betrothed to Ed
ward Weir, who lives at Berenda. Mrs.
Nestor is 19 years of age and pretty, and
she told her story frankly.
"Last week," she said. "I flatly told
Nestor that his suit was hopeless and that
I would not become his bride. He did not
receive my reply with very pood grace and
I feared he meditated harm, consequently
I determined to see him Saturday evening
and reason with him. I wns at the time
the guest of my sister, Mrs. George Car
lisle, and cave him permission to call
upon me at her home.
"I met him Saturday evening outside
the house. Until long after midnight he
pleaded with me to marry him, but I
steadfastly refused. He would not let me
leave him and go into the house, nor
would he depart. Finally, seeing I was
not to be coaxed into an engagement, he
told me that if I did not immediately ac- j
cept him he would do hia utmo3t to
blacken my character.
" 'I'll slander you before 10 o'clock to
morrow,' were the words he used.
"Although he could not truthfully
accuse me of any wrong I feared he might
tell a lot of stories that would grieve my
relatives and friends and I became bauly |
frightened. Finally he seized me and
dragged me toward his buggy, which was
standing near us. I resisted, but he said
if I refused to come or if I made any out
cry he would do his worst. Then he
dragged me to the buggy, forced me to get
in and drove off.
"He first took me to the home of George
Miller and then to Hanford, where we
were married on Tuesday. Before we
were married I told him I would not
under any circumstances become his bride,
but he said only one course was left open
to me. I knew no one in Hanford and had
no means of informing my parents of my
plight. He continued to threaten me,
saying I should never marry Fred Weir of
Berenda, to whom I was engaged. Finally
we were married and then he drove back
to the Miller home. When my mother
heard Pwas there she came after me and I
returned with her to my own home.
"1 never would have married Nestor if I
had not been frightened into it and I will
not live with him as his wife."
EXCURSIONS FROM PHOENIX.
Delegates to the Irrigation Congress Visit
Surrounding Points of
Interest.
PHCENIX, Abiz.. Dec. 18.— Although
the irrigation congress closed last even
ing, but few delegates or visitors have left
the city. The weather was faultless to
day. Two hundred of the delegates and
their friends drove in carriages to an
orange grovo; others went to the ostrich
farm and other points of interest in the
valloy. All met at 3 o'clock at the Indian
school, four miles from Pnoenix, to wit
ness a dress parade, in which 350 young
Indians participated. The drill was mili
tary in character, there j being present at
the review besides the delegates and visi
tors the Governor and staff and hundreds
of citizens.
To-morrow an excursion will be made
by train to Tempe and Mesa to visit fruit
farms. On Sunday there will be excur
sions to Alhambra and Peoria. The Cali
fornia delegation will leave for the coast
to-morrow. The Eastern and other dele
gates will remain until Monday, hasten
ing their departure then owing to the
close approach of the holidays.
Phoenix has done its best to entertain,
and the efforts of its citizens are appar
ently highly appreciated by the visitors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY NEWS.
Faculty Members Will Address the Teach
ers' Convention at San
Jose.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Dec.
18.— A number of Sianford professors will
address the California Teachers' Associa
tion at its thirtieth annual session. The
institute is to be held at San Jose, Decem
ber 28, 29, 30 and 31, in the Normal School
building. Professor A. B. Clark of the
drawing department will deliver an ad
dress on Tuesday morning. "Method in
Perspective" will be his subject. It has a
special hearing upon art in the primary
and secondary schools. On the same day
F. Angell, professor of psychology, speaks
on "Limitations and Cautions in Child-
Study." During the discussion of school
hygiene Dr. F. D. Wood will report on
"Recent Progress in School Hygiene."
Professor O. P. Jenkins will discuss "The
New California Movement in Elementary
Education." Wednesday morning Pro
fessor Ewald Flugel is to speak on "What
We Can Learn l<rom Germany in Teach
inc the Native Lancuage and Literature."
Among a number of others who will de
liver addresses on "The Classics in the
High School" is Professor A. T. Murray.
His topic for discussion treats of the
"Teaching of Elementary Greek."
President David S. Jordan of Stanford
and Professor Julius Goebel will discuss
German in the schools. The subject of
the former is, "German in Secondary
Education"; that of the latter is, "Tho
Educational Value of German."
Professors O. P. Jenkins, Fernando San
ford and Kellosg will take part in an in
formal discussion, "Science in the
Schools."
News was received from Dr. Jordan to
the effect that he left Washington to-day.
He has decided to return by way of New
Orleans, stopping there one day. By so
doing he will reach the university on De
cember 24. His preliminary report of his
investigation of the seals about Alaska is
already in print.
The executive committee of the Inter
society Debating League met to hear the
reports of two sub-coiuniittees. The first
was appointed to see if some arrange
ments might not be effected by which in
tercollegiate debaters could get university
credit for their work. The committee
found that in both the history and
economic departments there was one
course in which credit was allowed for in
vestigation. By registering for these
courses, according to the subject for de
bate, the university credit can be ob
tained. The decision is hailed with much
joy by all those interested in the welfare
of debating in general. Heretofore no
special attention has been given the de
baters, such as has been accorded the par
ticipants in other intercollegiate contests.
SAN JOSE PHYSICIANS ANGRY.
Resolve to Fight the Secret Societies'
Custom of Employing Doctors at
a Per Capita Fee.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 18.— The Santa
Clara County Medical Society his decided
to fight the custom of the secret societies
of engaging physicians to attend the
members of their organizations at a per
capita per annum. At. a meeting of the
society a month ago the members agreed
to discontinue such practice. Thisarou^ed
the ire of several societies, and a move
ment was started in the Sons of St. George
and the Ancient Order of Foresters to im
port a physician and give him the busi
ness of the societies and their members.
A physician was secured, and several of
the societies appointed him medical ex
aminer.
At a meeting of the Medical Society last
night about sixty members from all parts
of the county were present. The matter
was discussed at length, and the resolution
pledging their "word of honor not to extend
any professional courtesy to or have any
professional relation whatsoever, be it in
consultation or otherwise, with physicians
or surgeons who shall violate the pledge
taken, or physicians or surgeons who locate
in this county and who, in the face of the
opposition of the medical profession of
this county ; adopt a course of conduct
contrary to the spirit and intent of said
resolutions, or physicians or surgeons who
will consult or have other professional in
tercourse with the above-mentioned prac
titioners," was unanimously passed.
Hues for a Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 18.— Elizabeth P.
Peck to-day began suit against Russell
Peck for a divorce on the cround of fail
ure to provide. They were married in
Chicago two years aeo. The defendant is
over 70 years of age, and this is his fnurth
wife. A short time ago Peck left his wife
and ordered all source* of supplies
stopped. He is worth considerable money,
nut a short time ago he deeded it all to
his children. She wants the homestead
on Bird avenue set apart for her, together
with alimony and a division of the
property.
Death at Aimaden.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 18.-Francis Ben
nett, an old resident of this county, died
at New Aimaden this morning. He was a
native of Cornwall, Eng., and 51 years of
ace. He had been engaged in the mines
at Aimaden for thirty years. Four chil
dren survive him.
Suicide "t Santa Crux.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal, Dec. 18.— Robert
Fulion Ford, one of the oldest residents of
Santa Cruz County, committed suicide by
taking laudanum in the willows above the
upper bridge near Blame street to-day.
About twenty years ago ho conducted the
old Cottage saloon, a well-known resort
for the rounders, who gave him the sobri
quet "Sweet Cider." He later resided at
Watsonville and Soqnel. The cause of
the suicide was the service of a citation
upon him to appear in court to give an
accounting of his estate, which has been
for some time in litigation. Grief over the
loss of his wife also had much to do with
the tragedy. He was 74 years old.
Santa Crux Hotel Reopened.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 18.— A deci
sion has been arrived at with reference to
the occupancy of the Pacific Ocean House,
which has been closed for two weeks since
J. K. Chace's iailure. The new lessees are
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Pixley, now the pro
prietors of the Pixley House in this city.
The Pixlevs are well known to all visitors
to Santa Crnz, and under their manage
ment it is believed the Ocean House will
again see the palmy days of the Bromleys
and Peakes regime.
I'urrha.ir a II n. ill i in/ ton Mine.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 18. — Dennis
Ryan, a St. Paul capitalist, and his as
sociates have just concluded the purchase
for $.'50,000 of the controlling interest in
the Bonanza Queen mine owned by
Bender, Sutherland and Rockwood, in the
Silverton district. The ore consists prin
cipally of copper, carrying also some
silver and gold.
Drowned at Santa Crux,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 18.— Johnnie
Lyons, a 10-year-old bay, was playing
with a younger companion on the bank of
the San Lorenzo River this afternoon, when
he slipped and iell into the water. The
boy dri.ted out into the stream. The lit tie
chap with him ran for assistance, but
when it arrived young Lyons was
drowned.
Ihn Monterey at Santa Crux.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal. Dec. 18. — The
Monterey entered Santa Cruz Bay at 9
o'clock last evening and is still here. It
has had no communication with the shore
owing to the heavy sea.
SPENCER'S HEIRS
STRIVE IN COURT
Children of the Capitalist
Accuse the Widow of
Fraud.
Allege That She Married Him
to Gain Possession of His
Property.
Sensational Charges Made in a Suit
Brought to Reccvar the
Estate.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 18.— The
hearing of the remarkable suit of Isabel
Spencer against Mrs. Anna P. Spencer to
set aside deeds to a large amount of real
estate in this county was begun here to
day. The defendant is the relict of Am
brose H. Spencer, whose peculiar and
tragic death occurred about eighteen
months ago. The old gentleman was
found dead in bis bed one morning and it
was believed that he had been murdered,
but it was at last decided that he had
taken an overdose of morphine, probably
with suicidal intent. He had large prop
erty intere.-ts, and it developed that ail
the estate, consisting of real and personal
property, had been deeded to Mrs. Spencer
during the lifetime of her aged husband.
Spencer was survived by two children by
a former wife, Eva J. Spencer and James
G. Spencer. They were not satisfied with
the disposition of the $100,000 worth of
property and assigned their interests to
the plaintiff in the pending action, Isabel
Spencer, who began the suit which is now
up for trial.
The allegations are of a sensational na
ture. It is claimed by the plaintiff that
the widow Spencer, prior to her marriage
with Dr. Spencer, conceived a plan to de
prive him of his property, and being a
woman of great strength of mind and de
termination she carried her plan into exe
cution. It is further alleged that he was
of a timid disposition and was as wax in
the hands of his wife. It i 3 averred that
she encouraged him in the use of mor
phine until lie became addicted to the
habit, aud finally was completely subject
to her control, and that while thus in
capable of independent volition he was
induced by her to execute deeds to his
holdings and turn over to her all his per
sonal property.
Reference is made in the complaints to
the tragic death of Ambrose Spencer and
to Mrs. Spencer's connection with the di
vorce suit between Mr. and Mrs. D. E.
I Newton, in which she was accused of
j having been the cause of their troubles.
This portion of the pleadings has hereto
fore been stricken out by the court.
The allegations are all denied by the
defendant, who claims that the property
was acquired by her late husband through
the use of her own means, and that its
being deeded to her was the strictest jus
tice- Allegations are made that the de
| ceased had given his children large sum>
of money at various times. She denies
that sne encouraged Mr. Spencer in the
use of morphine and states that bhe re
monstrated with him at times regarding
the habit. Ail charges of undue influence
are also denied.
OPEN TO BOTANISTS.
Students Seed Pay -\o Toll* on the Santa
Jtionicti Forestry Station.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec 18.— The
City Council is in receipt of an official
communication, setting forth that at a
meetine of the regents of the State Uni
versity, held on December 8, resolutions
were adopted which insist that the for
estry station at Santa Monica has always
been open and always will be for any re
sponsible botanists to pursue their studies
without paying tolls. The Democratic
County Convention in October adopted a
resolution for an open station, which was
passed without any apparent knowledge
of the facts. Tho Chamber of Commerce
in August last also adopted a similar reso
lution. The university resents deny em
phatically the imputations made against
the management ot the station, and appear
to blame Abbott Kinney of this city for
the trouble which has been raised in the
matter. The regents say in their com
munication that any specific charges of in
sincerity or other dereliction by any of
the employes of the station should be re
ferred to them for official ratification.
BOY THIRVES ARRESTED.
Quantity of Stolen Article* Found in.
Their It end t xrout.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 18.— The
police to-day broke up a gang of boy
thieves. Tbev were caught in the Sisters'
building on Macey street, wherj they had
rendezvoused for months. There are six
of the lads, ranging from 15 to 20 years
of age. All have parents living in this
city. The thieves are Willie Henderson,
Ed Younif, Thomas Lloyd, Walter Kivas,
Charles Owens and James Allen. In their
rendezvous there were found towels,
women's underclothing, stockings, cor
sets, men's clothing, hose, tools, two
wagon-loads of vegetables and a great lot
of tools.
Editor Jane* in Trouble,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 18.— Captain
KEW TO-DAT. 1
the : new, im-
proved, per-
fected baking
powder— for
lovers of pure
food.
§'. Tillmann & Bendel, Mfrfl*
J. T. Janes, editor of a non-partisan
weekly newspaper, was arrested to-night
on a warrant of indictment by the Fed
eral Grand Jury. Janes is charged with
violating the postal laws in sending an
obscene publication through the mails.
He has been fined before for the same
offense. This time Janes used alleged ob
scene lanjrtiaee in his paper in reference
to the Parkhurst Society slumming expe
dition.
MERCED JUROUS ERRED.
Crime Committed by a Jtnrglnr Whom
They Had Acquitted.
MERCED, Cal., Dec. 18.— Charles John
son is again in jail, charged with burelary.
He was brought up from Los Banos on a
similar charge and tried before Judge Law
last Saturday. A local lawyer became
convinced of his innocence anci voluntarily
defended him, but; Johnson was not satis
fied with the way things were going and
made a long speech to the jury on his
own account. The jury promptly acquitted
him.
That nipht Johnson entered Mrs.
Napier's lodging-house and carried off a
. : NEW TO-DAT.
notXis THofip
fJpD^W^ If you want to save 40 per
r If you want to save 40 per
/ 9 cent on a suit or overcoat.
Our Great Clearing Sale of uncalled-for made-to-
order clothing at 60 cents on the dollar
ENDS TO-NIGHT AT 10:30.
A few $10 Suits and Overcoats left for $6.
A few $12 Suits and Overcoats left for $7.20.
A few $15 Suits and Overcoats left for $9.
A few $20 Suits and Overcoats left for $12.
All good things must come to an end. This
is the last day when you can buy a dollar's
worth of clothing for 60 cents. Come early.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.), '
541 Market Street,
OPEN TO-NIOHT TILL 10:30. .. ...I;;- DIRECTLY OPPOSITE SANSOME.
T.HE SDJKHIY CJILL
The Great Family Newspaper
of the Pacific Coast
FOU.NDJn'IO.N STO.NE OF
SRO FR^«NCISCO'S SREJITJJESS.
Of Deep Interest to Every Citizen of this Metropolis.
STRJIJ^SEST CRUSADE OF .MODER.N TIMES.
IS JI RELIGIOUS REVOLUTION COMICS?
JI GIRL'S T.HRILLI.NG SOMNJLMBULISTIC FREAKS/.
SOMETHING NEW IN JIFTER-DINNER ENTERTAIN-
.ME.NT, DEVISED BY JI PROMINENT
JITTORNEY. ...:
CHRISTMAS SKETCHES.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
suit of clothes, an overcoat and n hat.
When the loss was discovered the officials
rvere notified and gave chase, but Johnson
had the start of them, s-neriff Warheid
has been advised taat he was capture I
yesterday in Tuolumne County. He will
be brought back to Merced to stand triul.
Car*on'» Firebug Arraigned,
CARSON, Nev., D.'c. 18.— Walter Kee
men, the 17-year-old firebug, who wai
recently arrested in the act of setting fire
to the public school building, to-day had
his preliminary examination in the Jus
tice Court and was bound over to await
the action of the Grand Jury, with bond}
at $5000. His counsel offered no defense,
stating that they would wait until the case
came before a higher court. The defense
will be based on an insanity plea.
Wanted in Oregon.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 18.—Gover
nor Budd to-day issued a warrant foi
Charles Yocura, upon a requisition from
the Governor of Oregon. Yocum is wanted
in Douglass County, Or., for larceny. He
is now in custody at San Jose.
34
RURALES BALKED
GARD'S VENTURE
Dunham Search Abandoned
Because of Mexican
Opposition.
The Posse Certain of Arrest if
the Boundary Was
Crossed.
Steps Taken to Secure Co-operation
for an Expedition 6e!ow
the Line.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Dec. 18.—Consider
able information regarding the search
made by Sheriff Lyndon of San Jose and
ex-Marshal Gard of Los Angeles for Mur
derer James E. Dunham leaked out to
day. It was learned on the best authority
that the officers had secured what they
believed to be an authentic "tip" leading
them toward the Mexican border, and
even below the line. They intended, when
they left here, to penetrate into Mexico,
even though they knew it was against
tne law for armed posses to enter a neigh
boring country. They hoped to keep
their mission and destination so secret
that the Mexican authorities would not
suspect anything, and then, after Dun
ham's capture, they hoped either to hurry
him across the line without any nonsense
about requisition papers or else to appeal
to Mexico's President and chief officers
in order to secure the co operation of the
Lower California officials.
Through the loquacity of a local mem- i
her of the party the scheme fell Hat. The |
errand of Sneriff Lyndon was known be- I
fore his arrival here and friends of Dun
ham, if they had been so minded, could
easily have posted him on the Sheriffs ,
mission and tne probable destination of
the part}*. The Mexican officials knew to
a certainty- that the American posse was
headed for the Mexican line and would
probably enter Mexico without warrant of
law or special permission. It was on tbis
account that Governor Sangines was
hastily notified and orders sent by him
for the gathering of a posse of twelve
rurales at Tia Juana to co-operate with
another posse at Niji to head off the
Americans and warn them out of the
eountiy. If they refused to go the co
mandante of the Mexican party was under
orders to arrest the whole party and con
vey it to Ensenada, the Americans to be
treated as prisoners charged with being
filibusters entering a foreign state with
which the United States is at peace.
Just how Marshal Gard and Sheriff Lyn
don learned of the hasty but effective ac
tion of the Mexicans is not known, but it
is presumed that on account of the im
portance of its mission the posse had se
cured the assistance of Mexican residents
of Ensenada or Tia Juana to keep them
posted regarding the movements of Mexi
can efficers. Gard is well acquainted be
low the line and could eaßily secure such
help.
With plans made for the departure and
no signs of suspicion on the part of the
Mexicans Gard and Lyndon started out.
They had hardly left for Dulznra, how- '
ever, before the Mexicans notified Gov- !
ernor Ban sines, who in turn lost no time |
in ordering out the rurales. The red- j
shirted guardians of the peace below the |
line wanted nothing better than to give ■
chase to a lot of gringoes, especially men
who might be charged with serious crimes
afier captured, and they burnished their j
carbines, loosed to their sabers and in
spected the cinches on their wiry mus
tangs while awaiting orders at Tia Juana
to give chase.
Wtile Gard, Lyndon and the two San
Diego Hawk-*haws were running about in
the hills of Duizura and looking longingly
across the Mexican line tiie rurales were
making for the spot post haste, armed and
ready to give battle to the Americans if
they entered Mexican territory. Gard
evidently learned of this, as he never al
lowed his party to cros3 the border except
when the coast was ci<ar, and then only
for a mile or so. He was too shrewd to be
caught napping by the Mexicans.
There was a good deal of ground to be
covered on this side of the line, inasmuch
as the posse did not know the exact loca
tion of the "Robbers' Roost' spoken of by j
Murderer Dunham in his famous letter to I
his wife. Gard prevailed upon his party j
to forego the pleasures of a chase after
Dunham over the Mexican line, where
they were quite sure he would be found,
and a thorough exploration was made of
the rough and unsettled country sur
rounding Dunham's bee ranch at Duizura.
Of course nothing was found.
So the posse returned to San Diego.
Gard and Lyndon, chagrined by the fail
ure of their mission, told a cock-and-bull
story of pursuing another man entirely,
and both solemnly denied that they were
not after Dunham. But Gard was not de
spondent over the matter. It is known
that he hardly returned to civilization be
fore he set a movement on foot to secure
the proper papers authorizing him to en
ter Mexico and enlisting the Mexican offi
cials in his behalf. If he is successful in
his application to the authorities at the
City of Mexico a new expedition will start
out within a few days, headed direct for
the Cocopah Mountains below the line,
where Gard and Lyndon believe Dnnham
is located.
Sheriff Lyndon returned north to-day,
presumably for his home at San Jose.
Marshal Gard went to Los An«ele3.
REDWOOD'S ACTIVE NATIVES.
Plant for the Entertainment of the Grand
Parlor in sprit.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Dsc. 18.—Red
wood Parlor No. 66, Native Sons of the
Golden West, last night elected the fol-
Jowinc officers: Past president, Clarence
D. Hay ward; president, Joseph F. Coffey;
first vice-president, James T. O'Keefe;
s?cond vice-president. Henry F. Butts;
third vice-president, Wiliiam G. Lovie;
marshal, Fred W. Glennan; secretary, M.
H. Thompson; treasurer. Hermann W.
Schabere; trustee, F. \V. Johnson.
Upon Redwood Parlor has devolved the
preat honor of entertainint; the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons at Redwood City
in April. To do this properly the parlor
has undertaken to raise $2000. Quite a
sum has already been secured, and it is
believed that the collecting of the balance
will be an easy natter. The parlor has
received material >id from Jhe other par
lors of the county. It is understood thut
some time in the near future one of the
leading tneaters of San Francisco will be
secured for an evening's tntertainment,
the proceeds of which are to be applied to
this fund.
CAUGHT NEAR BURUKA.
Two Men Wanted for an Alleged Crime
at Reno.
EUREKA, Cal., Dec. 18.— C. D. Taggart
and William McGlotchin are held in jail
here awaiting the arrival of an officer with
extradition papers for their return to
Reno, Nevada, where they are wanted
upon charges of obtaining money under
ialse pretenses. The men refuse to talk,
and nothing can be learned regarding the
alleged crime. All that is known is that
the two Jeft Reno in a cart about three
months ago and were traced to this county
by the movements of the wife of Tapgart,
who is McGlotchin's sister. Mrs. Taggart
was registered at the Russ House in San
Francisco about the time the men left
Reno, and shortly afterward she left on a
steamer lor this city. By watching her,
the men were located near Ferndale,
where they were engaged in chopping
wood.
Taggart is about 40 years old and Me-
Glotchin about 30. Both have the appear
ance of laboring men. Tagjjart's wife is
with him.
OREGON CITY ROBBERY.
Expert Cracksmen Open a Posioffice Safe
and Carry Away Its Entire
Contents.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 18.— A telegram
was received this morning in the United
States District Attorney's office from Post
master S. R. Green of Oregon City, stating
that the postoffice had been entered last
night by burglars. The safe was robbed
and about $2000 iii money, registered let
ters and stamps taken. The burglars were
not only experts at their business but
were evidently members of a well organ
ized gang that has recently arrived in
Oregon from California. Their work on
the Oregon City safe waa identical with
that of the burglars who on Wednesday
night last blew open the safe of the Hub
bard postoffice. After that job they went
to Oregon City, and they no doubt are in
Portland now.
The postoffice in Oregon City occupies
the rear of a large store on the main street,
the front ot the room being occupied as a
stationery and cigar store. Tiie burglars
effected an entrance by prying open a rear
door with a '•jimmy." They must have
first gone to the cigar-stand, which was
mulcted of its choicest cigars and a few
tents in change left in the money drawer.
They then went at the safe of Postmaster
Green, opening it and taking every possi
ble thing of value it contained. Even the
private papers of Mr. Green, which could
be of no value to them, and trie pennies
in the stamp drawer, were confiscated.
Secret Service Inspector Gordon, who
has been at Hubbar.i investigating the
burglary there, was intercepted while re
turning this, afternoon, and is now in
Oregon City.
Two mem bers of the gang, it is believed,
are in custody at Newberg. Their names
are given as Howard Graton and Sam
Bowman. Graton confessed to tiaving
pilfered a Lafayette dry-soods house.
Both men had a preliminary examination
at Newberg to-day and were held to the
Grand Jury. Bowman is said to kuow
something about the $000 burglary of
Bord's store at Dayton.
AUBURN STAGE HOLD-UP.
Bandits Loot the Georgetown Coach for
the Second Time Within Twenty-
Four Hours.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 18.— Felix
Tracy, agent and assistant superintendent
of Wells, Fargo «fc Co., to-night received a
dispatch stating that the Auburn and
Georgetown stage was held up again this
evening at about the same hour (5 o'clock)
and place of the hold-up yesterday. As
on yesterday tho express-box was taken
from the stage and broken open, but again
the bandits were disappointed, for it con
tained no treasure.
The probability is that the highwaymen
have had reason to believe that there was
to be a shipment of money about this time
to some point in the mines of El Dorado,
and having missed ii yesterday they ex
pected to get it to-day.
FRANK STOCKLEY ESCAPES.
The Straw Bondsman Slakes a Successful
Break for Liberty.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Dec. 18.— While
Deputy Degan of San Francisco was pass
ing through Chinatown on his way from
the depot to the county jail to-night with
two prisoners for Folsom Frank Stockley,
sentenced to ten years for perjury as a
straw bondsmen, unlocked the handcuff
which bound him to the other prisoner
and escaped in the darkness. A duplicate
key was found in the handcuff, with
which some friend had provided him be
fore leaving San Francisco. He is still
at large.
SAN DIEGO JUDGE DEAD.
Oliver S. Withtrb* Passes Away at the
Age of Eighty-lutii.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 18.— Judge
Oliver S. Witherby, one of the oldest resi
dents in San Diego County, died early this
morning, aged 82. he was a native of
Ohio, and came to San Diego in 1849 as a
member of the Boundary Commission to
establish a line between Mexico and the
United States, lie was elected to the
Legislature which held its session at San
Jose, was appointed by President Pierce
Collector of Customs at San Diego, and
was also in the early '50's elected Judge of
the district comprising San Diego and Los
Angeles counties. Of late years he had
been interested in a bank here.
EMJ.S HIS Uric AT SPOKANE.
George Thornhill, a Variety Actor, Be-
lieved to Jlavo < ontmitted Suicide.
SPOKANE, Wash, Dec. 18.— George
Thornhill, a variety actor, better known
to the profession as George Clark, is sup
posed to have committed suicide by jump
ing into the falls last night. He had
gambled heavily, and late in the afternoon
he went to the People's Theater, where
he was worfciug, and took a lot of the be
longings of himself and Rafferty, his
partner, pawning them for a few dollars.
A aoie was sent to his partner in the
evening, saying that he was nearly crazy;
that gambling bad been his ruin.
ThornhiU was 40 years of age. He ex
pressed a determination a few days ago
that when in hara iuck he would jump
into the river. He was well known in
many California tov/ns, principally in San
Francisco and Sacramento. His mother,
Mrs. Clark, is said to live in San Francisco.
Tragedy Xmmr Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash , Dae 19. —J. P.
Davis, a farmer living a few miles east of
this city, committed suicide this morning
by taking arsenic A few days ago his
wife, almost a child in years, had a guar
dian appointed, and through the guar
dian brought suit against him for a di
vorce. The trouble seemed to affect Davis'
mind. He was in the city last night and
made an engagement with his attorney
for this mornim:. Late at nignt he left
his team at a stable in the city and
walked out to his home. There he met a
ftrunger, who a?ked a he might stay with
him ail night, i'avi- consented. Later he
awoke the i stranger and a«ked him to write
a letter, in which he recounted all his
troubles; then he left the house ana
ended his life ia the front yard.
Defrauded an Albany Company.
ALBANY, Or., Dec. 18 —An exception
ally ciever piece of work in the line of
forgeries has been unearthed here through
the discov ry by attorneys for fhe Al
liance Trust Company that their deed to
$3500 worth of property is boeus. Last
July Henry C. Brigg*. a stranger here,
riled in the Recorder's office a deed to a
318-acre farm in Linn County from A. 8.
Knox of Sun Jose, Cal. Brigps received a
$120 C loan from the Alliance Trust Com
pany and Jeft. the city. The names of Mr.
and Mrs. Knox, the notary and three wit
nesses were all forgeries.
Thk Cough which is scarcely noticeable, is
often the most dangerous. Very little doses of
Dr. D. Jnyne's Kxpectoraiit, frequently adminis
tered, will t <ke tbis away,
For the Liver, use Jayne's Painless Sanative Pills.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
SEAMEN IN LINE
FOR SAN PEDRO
Favor the People's Harbor
Because There Is No
Undertow.
Compare Santa Monica's Inlet
to the Dangerous One at
Callao.
Published Interviews in "The Call"
Disastrous to Huutington's
Scheme.
LOS ANGELES, Cal, Dec. 18.— The
friends of the free harbor at San Pedro
read with great interest and undisguised
elation the interviews with a large num
ber of seafaring officials printed in The
Call of yesterday respecting the constant
and dangerous undertow at Santa Monica.
For some inexplicable reason tliis had not
received the attention from the San Pedro
advocates which its importance deserved.
As was well said by one of the sea cap
tains, who spoke of this matter:
"A strong and treacherous undertow
cannot be circumvented by any break
water ever devised."
The interminable annoyance to ship
ping and frequent losses at Callao, to
which the seamen compare Santa Monica,
seem to emphasize the folly of construct
ing a breakwater over these dangerous
unde»currents. While the existence of the
undertow has long been known to marine
officers, little or nothing has been said
about it by the people who are engaged in
the harbor fight.
Taking its cue from The Call's article,
the Free Harbor League has opened this
important branch of the inquiry and will
nuw see to it that a generous amount of
information on the subject is supplied to
the commission, which will begin holding
regular sessions with a view of hearing
just such lacts and arguments next Mon
day.
The commission visited San Pedro to
day, going down over the Terminal rail
way, General Manager Hynes acting as
conductor. On reaching the port Mr.
Hynes got teams and the visitors were
driven out to the lighthouse on the bluff
overlooking what it is hoped will be the
outer harbor for Los Angeles. A steam
launch was boarded and a trip was made
from Dead Man's Island by the break
water of the inner harbor to Terminal
Island and then the visitors came back to
their hotel here.
The board wishes it understood that
these vi;its are not for the purooso of
making a detailed study of the two places,
but solely to familiarize the Commission
ers with the topography, so that at the
public meetings, which will commence on
Monday, they will have a thorough under
standing of the points described by the
speakers. The Commissioners are con
stantly the center of a throne of visitors,
both of the interested localities having
their representatives constantly on duty,
while the Free Harbor League keeps well
informed of the progress made and is well
prepared for the contest.
' To-morrow the commission wili make
the trip from San Pedro to Santa Monica
by water, taking the coast survey steamer
Gedney at the former port and sailing to
the latter. This will complete its inves
tigations preliminary to the public hear
ings. Alter these are concluded the board
will conduct its own investigations and
studies and come to a conclusion.
Engineer Hood of the Southern Pacific
was tne only one of Mr. Huntington's
representatives in evidence this evening,
Mr. Corthell keeping in retirement.
Alter dinner the Commissioners received
a great number of callers, the majority of
whom were champions of San Pedro, but
in no case was the conversation permitted
to take an argumentative turn, nor was a
word uttered by any of the members of
the board that could possibly be construed
into an expression ot opinion one way or
the other.
COLE-GRAHAM NUPTIALS.
'y Weddinn Ceremnny at the Borne
of Senator dune!?
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 18.— Miss
Bessie Cornelia Graham, the only daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Graham, was
united in wedlock to Schuyler Cole of
Cole Grove, a son of ex-Senator Cornelius
Cole, last evening in Santa Monica. The
ceremony was performed at the beautiful
home of Senator John P. Jones of Nevada,
the bride being a niece of Mr. and Mrs.
Jones.
The spacious parlors were gorgeously
decorated in smilax, ferns and the many
blossoms of which Southern California
alone can boast at this time of the year.
Miss Cornelia Hamilton was maid of
honor, and Miss Marion Jones and Miss
Grace Cole bridesmaids. Seward Cole,
the groom's brother, was best man. The
bride was attired in an imported gown of
white satin and tulle sprayed with natural
orange blossoms, and carried in her hand
a bunch of white violets.
Favor a Statute Amendment.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 18.— The
District Attorney's office is endeavoring
to have Senator Bulla advocate at the next
session of the Legislature an amendment
to the statute on train robberies, making
testimony as to events subsequent to the
wrecking admissible in evidence, showing
the boarding of the train lor robbery after
it has been derailed.
Entertaineil b// tl'intvlaio Reid.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Dec. 18.— Wbitelaw
Reid and wife last night entertained eight
j guests at dinner, these being the first in
vited to their hospitable home this sea
son. The favored ones wore: E. R.
Moses of Great Bend, Kans., president of
the Irrigation Congress; C. M. Heintz of
Los Angeles, secretary; J. G. Emery of
Lawrence, Kans., National Jpcturer; T, H.
| Newell of California, J. E. Frost of To
! peka, Kans. ; Mark A. Smith, Arizona
I delegate to Congress; Governor B. J.
j Franklin, and C. P. Leitch, Territorial
Auditor.
3lra. liominis Visits San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Dec. 18.— Ex-
Queen Liliuokalani visited San Rafael to
day, coming over on the noon train and
returning at 3:40 p.m. She was accom
panied by Colonel WcFarlane and a maid.
General Wnrrield met the party at
Tiburon, and Mr. Foster placed a private
oar at their disposal for the round trip.
Unfortunately she could *cc little of the
beauty of the city or valley, owing to a
dense fog. They stopped at the Hotel
Kafael.
fatal Wreck. Hear Benson.
PHCENIX, Ariz . Dec. 18.— A special to
the Gazette from Benson says: H. J. Em
anu«il was killed in a wrecfe fifteen miles
from this place to-day. His body was
shipped to-night to San Francisco.
A Private Moron* Burned.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Dec. 19.— The pri
vate morgue and undertakinc establish
ment of W. C. Heffron, corner of Vermont
and Hanover streets, was destroyed by
lire at 12:30 o'clock this morning. The
building contained a funeral car, two am
bulances, four horses and a large number
of funeral cases and general undertaking
supplies. All were destroyed. The loss
cannot be stated.
EXCESSIVE DIVIDENDS PAID.
Stockholder Hendricks Makes Serious
Charges Against Directors of the
Manhattan Railway.
ALBANY, N. V., Dec. 18.— A sensa
tional case was beeun before the Attorney-
General of the State of New York to-day.
Mortimer Hendricks of New York City, a
bondholder of the Manhattan Railway
Company, who owns and operates the
elevated railway system of New York
City, made application to Attorney-
General Hancock, asking him to bring
final action against the directors
of the Manhattan Company for judgment,
compelling it to pay back to the rail
road company most of the money paid to
the stockholders in dividends in excess of
the sui plus profits and removing ihe di
rectors from office and restraining them
and their successors in office from declar
ing any payine dividends in excess of the
profits of the corporation.
Mr. Hendricks was directed to serve no
tice of his application upon the directors
of the company and a hearing was set be
fore the Attorney - General for next
Wednesday. Mr. Hendricks asserts that
during the year ending June 30, 1895, the
company paid $1,800,000 dividends, which
was $277,951 in excess of their surplus
profiis, anrt that during the year ending
June 30, 189G, the company paid the same
amount of dividends, which was $681,902
in excess of the surplue profits of the com
pany. He says that since June 30, 1896,
the directors declared a quarterly dividend
amounting to $450,000, although the net
income was only $147,000.
He claims that the earnings of the cor
poration have not been sufficient during
the last two year 3to pay the expenses of
operating the road, its fixed charges and
the dividends on stock by about $1,020,000.
and he charges the fact to be that the ex
cess of dividends over the profits have not
been paid out of the surplus, but out of
loans made by the corporation, and that
thus a debt was created to pay excess
dividends amounting to over $1 000,000
The directors who Hendricks desires
the court to remove from office are George
J. Gould, Edwin Gould, Howard Gould,
Russell Sage, Thomas T. Eckerl, gamuel
Sloan, Robert M. Galloway, Donald Alac
kay, Joseph Eastman, A. L. Hopkins, Gi
P. Morosini, Warren B. Smith and John
J. Terry.
The officers of the company are: Presi
dent, George J. Gould; secretary and
treasurer, D. W. McWilliams, and the
general manager, \\ . J. Franzioli.
AFTER A TWO WEEKS' ILLNESS.
Ex-Congressman Rosswsll G. Horr of
Michigan Passes Away at
Plainfield, N. J.
PLAINFIELD, N. J., Dec. 18.— Ex-
Congressman Roswcll G. Horr died to
night at 11 o'clock, after an illness of two
weeks with bronchitis and Bright's
disease. He was first stricken after finish
ing his speechmaking in the late Presi
dential campaign.
Roswell G. Horr was born at Waitsfield.
Vt., November '26, 1830; removed with his
parents to Ohio in 1834; graduated at An
tloch College in 1857; in the same year
was elected clerk of the Court of Common
pleas of Lorain County, and served six
years; was admitted- to the bar in 1864 and
commenc d practice at Elyria, Ohio, in
1866; removed to Missouri and engaged in
mining; in 1872 removed to East Saginaw,
Mich., and was elected a Representative
from Michigan to the Foriy-sixth, Forty
seventh and Forty-eighth Congresses.
WILD SCENE IN THE CHAM BER.
Italian Statesmen Get Excited Over the
Allowance of a Prince.
ROME, Italy, Dec. 13.— A sensational
scene occurred in the Chamber of Depu
ties to-day over the allowance for the
Prince of Naples. In the course of the de
bate Signor Costa, Socialist, declared that
the monarchy was not only a useless but
a dangerous institution. The President
or the Chamber forbade him to speak fur
ther. A frightful uproar ensued. Depu
ties flew at one another's throats. Some
exchanged knockdown blows. The tumult
continued fora long time. Finally tne
bill granting the annual allowance of
1,000,000 francs was carried amid great con
fusion.
Just where the most blame lies for the
shocking scene it is hard to say. All the
Deputies were greatly excited and many
did not realize what they were doing. The
whole city is stirred up over the affair.
CORBETT CALLS THE BET.
Anxious to Fight Hiztitnmons for All
Be Can Put Up.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 18.— "He
wants to rj^ht for 120,000, do?s he?" said
James J. Corbett yesterday, alter he read
what Fitzsimmons had to say about the
proposed right. "Well, I'll tight him for
$20,000, or $25,000, or $50,000, or any sum
he may name.
"If he means business let him send a
check to the stakeholder for the amonnt
he wants to fight me for. I will put up
any amount he may name in the hands of
the stakeholder to-morrow.
"Or let him name the amount he wants
to light for and agree to forfeit the $2500
already up if he does not put up the whole
sum. I'll sign articles agreeing to forfeit
the $2500 I have up if 1 do not put up the
side het agreed. I want to fight and am
Willing to tight now or on March 17, or for
any such bat as Fitzsimmous may care
to name."
Corbett was very earnest in his talk, and
evidently sincere. He wants to fight and
is willing that the battle shall be for a
large stake.
Jim William*' Challenge.
NEW YORK, N. V., Doc. 18 —Jim Wil
liams, the middle-weight of the Pacific
Coast, called at the Illustrated News office
to-day and issued the following challenge:
"I understand that Dan Creedon claims
the middle-weight championship. If this
is so I will meet him for the title in any
style he desires. lam not so well known
in the East, but have fought sixr.y-two
battles in the West, and desire to prove to
the sporting public here that I am worthy
of consideration.
"Jim Williams,
"Of Salt Laae City. Utah."
William? fought Tcm Sharkey eight
rounds just previous to the latter's meet
ing with Corbett.
Racing at ..\r»« Origan*.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec. 18.— Six furlongs,
D.imocle-: won, Bryan second, Sobriquet third.
Time, 1:15^
Six furlongs, Sharon won, Gold Top second,
Juanita third. Time, 1:02%.
One mile and twenty-yaras, Seabrocke won,
Cotton King second, Dorothy 111 third. Time.
1:44£ .
Six turlongß, Clymena won, Scribe second,
Hill Billy third. Time, 1:15} 2 .
Six furlongs. Denver won, Princess Rose sec
ond. Tom Sayre thini. Time, 1:16^.
Three-quarters of n mile. Moloch won. Sena
tor Morrill second, Elano third. Time, 1:15%.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
CHILDREN'S DAY
AT FRESNO'S FAIR
Hundreds of Little Tots
Admitted to the Big
Pavilion.
Gaza in Awe at the Display and
Sample the Fruit on
Exhibition.
Dimeless Youngsters Allowed to Eater
While the Doorkeeper Is
Not Looking
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 18. — This wp
school-children's day at the San joaquin
Valley Citrus Fair. " The public schools
and the parochial schools closed at noon,
and before 1 o'clock children were flocking
from every direction toward the pavilion.
Some of the little ones could not stay long
enough at home to eat their luncn.* They
came to the main entrance eating bread
and butter, with the butter side down,
chewing gingerbread and biting apples,
just like the most aged exhibitor at the
lair used to do long years ago.
A double force of ticket sellers was on
duty. The children planked down their
dimes and riled in in open-eyed wonder at
what they saw beyond the entrance. There
were quite a number of sad little boys and
girls outside who had no dime. Papa was
out of work or sick, or there was no fire in
the bouse.
It is not very cold in the San Joaquin
Valley in the winter, but a little lire takes
trie chill out of the atmosphere and mafies
a home more comfortable, and if during
the afternoon there was any picture that
the sight of the happy children inside and
the unhappy ones outside brought to the
minds of "ye older folks," it was the pic
ture of John Howard Payne's "Home,
Sweet Home," in all its color of recollec
tion and melody of domesticity :
Backward, turn backward, O Time in your flight;
Make me a child again, just for to-night,
Quoted a fond father as he gazed at his
two happy and well-dressed little daugh
ters.
One of tne San Joaqum's greatest attrac
tions is its homes — happy, prosperous and
decked with flowers. "Be it ever so
humble" there are few homes in this
beautiful valley that have not at least
their flower.*, even at Christmastide. Fre
quently in the speeches made during the
fair the valley has been referred to as the
long-lost garden of Eden, now found. If
it is not quite Paradise it is a city of
homes.
The dimeless children outside did not
stand long in the shadow of disappoint
ment. Doorkeepers Kite and Ewing
turned their backs and were deeply and
deftly engaged in conversation. The dime
less children disappeared magically. In a
few moments not one was to be seen. One
of the management, it is said, had beck
oned and pointed the way to the door. A
Dlack-robed sister of charity who stood by
wiped away a tear and smiled.
There were not less than 2000 present
They simply took the fair by storm. They
captured the oand and the bandstand and
the management and everything else
almost. The unrelenting exhibitor with
his conspicuous sign, "Do not handle the
exhibit?," melted before the children.
Many an orange and appie and almond
and walnut and raisin and prune, which
money could not tempt from its place of
exhibition before,, went as a gift into the
chubby-fist of j'oung America or between
the clinging lingers of little Miss Colum
bia. Not a single thing was vulgarly
"swiped."
After they became tired of sightseeing,
the children played hide and sees among
the beautiiul piles of oranges and lemons
and flowers. The band played several
selections pleasing to little ones.
The children of the Park-street School
sang "America" and "The Battle Hymn
of the Republic," and the children of the
K-sireet School sang "Jingle Balls" and
"Columbia, Gem ot the Ocean." There is
measles in the Orphan School so the little
orphans could not come. A jollier crowd
never attended the fair. Like Brownies
the children swarmed everywhere. Ex
actly 2991 persons attended the fair to
day.
It has been decided to continue the fair
into next week. This is to give the pec
ple of San Francisco and the whole State
a longer opportunity in which to see the
citrus wonders. The fair will be continued
through Monday and will close on Mon
day night. The Pavilion will be open on
Sunday. Excursions are coming on Sun
day Irom Stockton, Porterville and other
towns of the valley. A very large num
ver oi visitors is expected on that day.
The San Francisco excursionists arrived
to-nisiht. They will be formally received
in the morning and to-morrow evening
there will be a public reception and
speeches at the pavilion. In the after
noon the visitors will be taken for a drive
over the city. A. R. Biggs will deliver
the welcoming address an<t Hugh Craig of
San Francisco will respond.
Saturday is formers day and also Por
terville day. The fruit-grower and farmer
from every place under the surrounding
horizon is expected to drive in to-morrow
with his family and team.
The Stockton excursion train returned
to the Mill City this afternoon. Quite a
number of Stocktonians remained over to
see the fair through.
Colonel Shew has added to the San
Joaquin County exhibit a Stockton scene,
showing water ana railroads, ships, loco
motives and cars — "where the rails meet
the sails."
The exhibitors are puzzled. Not one
amonglthem has been informed of the name
of a single judge. This has been kept
secret oy the management. The exhibitor
feels himself lost. When a man who
appears to know trim when he sees it
pauses before his exhibit he does not know
wnether to sruil , look pleasant and give
him the "glad hand" under the suspicion
that he is a judge, or to assume the "glassy
eye" a3 he wouid before an ordinary
spectator.
Late to-night it leaked out among a very
few that the judges on the quality of fruit
are Mr. Woods of Whittier, Supervisor
Sayre of Fresno and Mr. Hobb* of the
Hobos-Parsons Company. Considerable
dissatisfaction is likely to arise over the
selection of these judges, as two of them
have fruit on exhibit
Among those who are nursing a griev
ance in regard to the method of awarding
prizes is "Uncle Dan" Thomas, the
"widows' friend" of Visaiia. How "Uncle
Dan" acquired the affixed title is a legend
of this section of the valley. Some years
ago he had in his nursery a lot of fruit
trees which he could neither sell nor keep
until the following year, as they would
then be too large. He haa it circulated
throughout the valley that be would
give 135 trees, embracing — which word
the narrators of the story say is a very
good one to use in connection
with it — embracing every variety of
fruit, to all the widows in the valley
who would apply for them. The result
was that "Uncle Dan' 1 gave away 7290
fruit trees to fifty-four San Joaquin
widowa; hence the name "widows' friend. "
Subsequent events showed that Daniel
was long-headed. The next se.nson he
sold over $3000 worth of nursery stoclc to
the widows in recognition of th 6 previous
season's generosity.
There is considerable talk among com
mitteemen of the Midwinter Citrus Fair
and leading growers of the valley in favor
of making a protracted exhibit of San
Joaquin Valley citrus fruits nt Chicago
next winter, and calling it .the San
Joaqain California's Citrus Fair. II this
is done— and it is quite probable that it
will be— an exhibit will be got together
which will excel the present fair and open
the eyes of the Chicaeoese. The valley
will also be represented at the Hamburg
(Germany) Horticultural Exposition,
which will be opened next May.
The town of Lindsay's exhibit is very
unique, it represents a fort. Oranges
piled in regulation style represent can
non-balls and gleaming on the muzzles ot
several miniature mortars are orange
shells. From the flagstaff flies the name
"Lindsay."
Sagendnrf Pleads Gutlty.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 18. — Franlc C.
Sagondorf, whose wife died in this city a
few days ago of a broken heart because of
his heartless treatment of her, was brought
bark from Riverside by Deputy Constable
Crutcher this morning. He was imme
diately taken beiore Justice St. John,
where he pleaded guilt> to a charge of
petty larceny — the theft of a pair of
trousers from a friend. The officers are
working on more serious charges against
him.
DO NOT DESIRE THE CUT
Richmond Residents Say the
Sutter-Street Extension Is
Unnecessary.
An Improvement Association Scored
by a Citizens' Meeting— Vote
of Thanks.
The residents of Richmond district, who
oppose the extension of Sutler street
through Odd Fellows' Cemetery, are elated
at the action of the' Board of Supervisors
in postponing action in the matter for
sixty days. A meeting of the citizens and
taxpayers, who have opposed the project,
was held in Crossthwaite's Hall, at the
corner of Fifth and Point Lobos avenues,
last evenin?. The meeting was somewhat
in the nature of a ratification meeting, and
incidentally the Richmond Improvement
Association, which presented the petition
asking for the extension, and more par
ticularly C. H. Hubbs, president of the
association, came in for considerable
severe criticism.
Mr. Fletcher made quite a lengthy state
ment of the reasons which prompted
property-holders to oppose the extension.
"In the opening of Sutter street," he said,
"Mr. Hubbs states that this district will
not be assessed. Under the laws of the
State of California the Board of Supervis
ors is powerless to make a special appro
propriation for such a purpose without
the consent of the Legislature. Then it
will have to wait until the next fiscal year.
That appropriation is only for purchasing
the land. It is not for making the road.
"To make a 6 percent grade they will
have to cut it down nearly sixty ffet in
solid rock. Who is going to pay for it?
[A voice, 'Richmond.'] Certainly, we
will have to pungle down in our pockets
for the coin. I for one am going to ob
ject."
James Bowban made a Keenly sarcastic
speech, in which he impugned the mo
tives oi those who have been urging the
Supervisors to have the cut made. Hubbs,
he declared, was in the employ of the
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Association.
Edward Ginsey moved that a vote of
thanks be extended to the Board of Su
pervisors for posiponing action for sixty
days. The motion carried unanimously.
SEW TO-DAY.
|, California Furniture lj|
'; Company «
[ C.V. P. COLE & CO.) V
'! 117-121 GEARY ST., S. F. j|
The above stamp is on
every piece of furniture we
deliver.
On a Christmas gift, it means
that the giver has got the best
money will buy.
It's a guarantee of quality.
It means that all that is not
right we'll make right.
It's a good stamp to have on
your Christmas givings.
Here's our suggestion for
to-day — this pretty table.
It's made of oak, or golden
birch.
The 1 oak is the richest sort
— quarter-sawed.
The birch— we can't find a
better word than just ' 'golden
birch." It fits the case ex-
actly, /
Both nicely polished.
The price— s3.so. Others
at ; $1 — not so pretty.
■ Open evenings.
■ California Furniture Company
Cole & Co) Carpets
117 Geary Street mJS
£lixir of Wr BUP if!
The pur» essential extract from the natlre drug . Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal | properties lof Opium
without 't» noxious elements. No sickness cf rtomncU;
no vomiting ;no costtveness ; no headache. All DrußKiat*. i
stew to-pat: _ _ . .
MRS. JOSIE MESON,
1019 GUERRERO ST.,
An intelligent and highly re-
spectable lady of this city, has
an experience at the
STATE
ELECTRO-MEDICAL IKSTITCTE
LuLl'liil/- jiMfiLAL iiiMllliD
Corner Market, Powell and EildySts.
TESTIMONIAL: ':< 1
I. Mrs. Josie Niehlson, residing now atT
1019 Guerrero street, San Francisco, desira
to testily to the excellent results that I
have experienced under treatment at the
State Electro-Medical Institute, corner
Market, Powell and Eddy streets.
"" Since last Christmas I have been quite
an invalid from trouble in my cheat, with,
cough, difficulty in breathing and general
nerve debility. On Monday, November
30, 1896, I applied for advice at the Insti-
tute. I had been treated by three well-
known medical men of this city without
any relief. Dr. W. K. Vance, at the State
Electro-Medical Institute, made a careful
examination of my case and pronounced
it one of Bronchial Asthma. He placed
me under a course of electrical treatment
with medicines combined, and I at once
besan to pick up, and am now wonder-
fully improved in health and spirits. As
this is the first and only relief thaw I have
obtained from my distressing complaint I
desire to give the. State Electro-Medical
Institute a public testimonial. I will
gladly and willingly reply to any ques-
! tions, either personally or by letter, that
may be addressed to me here.
Signed :
MRS. JOSIE NIEHLSON,
1019 Guerrero Street,
San Francisco.
MEN, WOMEN, OLD AND YOUNG, if
ailing or suffering from any disease what-
soever, seek relief and cures where they
are positively found. ;
THERE is BALM IN GILEAD !
The sicK and suffering can tind it at the
State Electro-Medical Institute, where all
modern devices and methods of treatment
by medicine and electricity are used.
FREE X-RAY EXAMINATIONS made
by Dr. Vance in all cases where it can aid
him.
CAUTION— Dr. Vauce is a careful and
skillful physician and .surgeon, and will
positively not submit any one to the X
Ray where it wiil harm. : Some physi-
cians have caused great harm by its use,
as it is yet an unknown quantity.
THE >
WEEKLY
C^LL
of It Publishes the Cream of the
rJ News of the Week and
&l MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
*l ORIGINAL FEATURES.
5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
|j Fair and Impartial 'in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
ol litical News.
-) It's the Paper to Send East if
J You Want to Advertise
Tj r California.
3 x ~~ /I
3 The Best \ ; / Mining >y -.
~J Telegraphic V/ News That
°S Service on /\ Is Accurate
o< The Coast / up to data
D — — / V ','■'"■'"'- *
°S Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or.Faky, and Not a Line of
e< it Dry or Uninteresting.
3 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
ex • Bright, Clean, . A Champ on of
~J ■ .Thoughtful. . I ruth.
i 3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
! *J ALL THE TIME.
! Z) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
~) HOME MAIL, 51.50
=>< INDUSTRIES '. : A YEAR.
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR Ail
tptl I ■ Chlcheater"s EaelUb Diamond HranA.
fENNYRQYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B -»<Cr~v OrJiiaol»nd Only Gen ulne. ▲
» /"fc>^ o*rr. »Iw»j reliable. : l*oie« uk *\
>■ AS fciKMi Draixlst for Chieiuttr't SnqlUh t>ia£?V\ ■
fcl%ti*^rß,niiTTiTf ITrnnrt in lted and Gold metallicVVOf
*^v .^^BW^iief. tealMl with bin* ribbsa.' Tab* Njß' .
7*l •^ VSW|»o other. Jttfuis dangrrma rubitiff . V
I*/ Af lime and imitation*. AiDrsftiiu,«rMß44«k
I W'-.r Jf In it»mpi for p»ttic»:«ri, tcttimcaUli uai
\ ■•• D ' " Roller for Ladle*." in Utter, br j»t mrm
-X If Kit!!. \ 0.000 T-«inicnl«l». Sam, raver.
. .>-— 7"Ohlehe«tCT Chemical C»»lU*lion Haumr*.
laid ajr ci! tmal Druziitta. :*ill»*-v.¥2
Baja California .
Damiana Bitters^
13 A POWERFUL APHHODISIAC AND
I X specific tome for the wxur.l mxl urinary orxani
of both • sexes; »nd « Krea; remedy for dlaeasei
the kidneys and bladder. A $re»i Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine Pells on us own Merits-
no long-winded testimonial! nete-wry. * '
NABKK. ALPS * BBVNK, Agents
323 Market St.. S. F.~ iSend for ClrcuUrtHEIR TO TWENTY
SIX MILLIONS
Ira James Hall Receives
Good News From His
Father.
Norman Jarmao, Novelist and
Speculator, Remembers He
Has a Son.
TLe Millionaire Writes From England
Asking His Son to J)in
Him.
Ira James Jarman, better known as Ira
James Hail, has received good news from
England.
This good news, which is rich enough
to rill a Christmas plum puddinc, is noth
ing more nc-r leas than a letter from a
long-silent parent who at last finds time
and inclination to write his son to come
and visit him in i:is English home and
help him spend $:6,t00,000. .
Twenty-six millions, all well invested,
(sixteen millions in property comprising
nearly a!l tne business portion of Salt
Lake City, and the other ten millions
. representing mines and mills and landed
A Mates in old England.
* Twenty-odd years aeo Norman William
1 Jarman, a young Englishman of an ad
venturous spbit, joined a band of coloniz
ers that established themselves in Salt
Lake City.
Shortly after his arrival in the land of
the great prophet young Jarman joined
The Mormon ciiurch and incidentally in
vested in mints and santi lots. He mar
ried a comply young woman, and th«> fruit
of this union is young Jarman, familiarly
known as Ira Hall.
Jarmau's marriage was not a nappy
one, and when little Ira was but 3 years
bid Mrs. Jarnjan was granted a divorce on
the ground 01 cruelty.
After his divorce Jarman took up the
cudcels against the established Mormon
churcn and began a lecturing tour, in
which he bitterly assaiied the creed of the
Ltitter-day Saint?.
Then for nineteen years nothing was
heard of the dissenter. Mrs. Jarman mar
neci again, to a man named Hali, and her
little son was reared and educated by the
devoted mother.
Youug Jaruian's life has not fallen in
particularly bright places. At ihe age of
11 he began to labor to assist support his
mother, and since then his life has been
one of unremitting, ceaseless toil. For
several years the young man was a fire
man on the Southern Pacific trains, and
later — what he considered a step in ad
vance — porter with W. P. Fuller & Co.
This position he occupied for three years,
and then came seven months of enforced
idleness. Young Jarman is now a packer
in the mail-order department of the Em
porium.
When the young man was seen yester
day alternoon by a Call representative he
confirmed the report of a father with
hiany millions, who offers him a home.
"I had not heard directly from my
father for nineteen years," said the young
man. "I knew he was prosperous and in
England ; that he had written several
novuls, among them being one entitled
•A Night in Hell.' But I never read any
of them. >iever had the time. I'v.i
worked since I was 11 years old, and am
>\v. Twenty-six million is a great
deal of money, and I suppose I am going
A io tind life easy now.
"Father is coming out here in January
and I am to return with him to England.
Of course 1 want my mends to know of
my good lortune, but I haven't any ready
cash yet and I owe quite a bit of money.
I was seven months out of work, and I ani
afraid my creditors will trouble me. I
have not decided what I shall do when I
iiei ;ome of that money. All I know is
I shall help mother."
And young Jarman Hal!, with the pros
pects 01 inheriting $26,000,000, is working
steadily from 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. "until
father comes."
JOHN SWETT TEAM WON.
Crockers Defeated at , Football for
Grammar School Championship.
Over a thousand feverishly excited spec
tators of the grammar school age were
gathered about the Central Park gridiron
field yesterday afternoon screeching, ges
ticulating and yelling as they watched a
closely : matched and prettily contested
game of football played for charity by the
elevens o. two of the largest grammar
schools in the City— the John Swett and
'the Crocker. The Jobn Swett eleven won
after a hard struggle by a score of 10 to 6.
From the first kick-off until the linaJ
whistle it was an ci cuing exhibition of
football and showed a remarkable improve
ment i over the form and play of juve
nile teams of former years. In the se. ond
half particularly the playing was of no
mean or*der considering the age and size
of the participants and their opportuni
ties lor Earning a game of science and
skill as opposed to one of strength and
speed.
• The first half closed with the Crocker
team 6 to 4 ahead, and every wearer of the
red and white demonstrative and jubilant,
even to the representation of proud moth
ers scattered among about 400 ribbon-be
decked -and unusually pretty little girls,
who formed one solid, picturesque section
in the grand stand.
In ;h'e second half the contest assumed
»the dash and determination of a varsity
match, and the John Swett team surged
ahead. "• ■ ■ ;
The cool and accurate punting of Full
back Lee of the Crocker team, and his
running were admirable features of the
game, while the catcbin?, running and
line-bucking of Right Half bacs Brown of
the John Swett team were excellent. In
fact, every one played well.
As a side-line feature among the dimin
utive Brownie-like mass of eager juvenile
spectators, Vice-Principal W. D. Kines
bury of John Swett School and Police Ser
geant Michael Joseph Coboy, the guardian
angel 01 the gridiron, engaged in a vigor
011*, animated and threatening discussion
of the special privileges of school princi
pals on lootoall- fields. .
Following are the summaries of the
game and the line-up of the teams:
Points-John Swett Grammar School 10, on one
louchdown in the first half made by Ri cm Half
back Brown on ft back through left tackle, the
punt out for a irv M go -1 being nii-sed, and on one
touchdown In the second half made by Jtlght Half
back Brown 03 a run round left end, the goal be
ine kicked by Right Ki.fl G. Hull: Crocker Gram
mar School 6, on one touchdown made In Hie latter
part of inn first half by Fullback Lee on a straight
buck between left cuard anil tackle, tue goal being
kicked by Fallback Lee.
Play— iwo twenty-fl ve-mlnute halves. Ground
and weather very favorable. •
Attendance— lloo. -
Crocker Grammar. Position. Swett Grammar.
J. K»-alon I r-K B ........ G.Hull
F. Munson / ' v - "".". 7 ," 1." ■
W. Premie*.. ........L.T.R .F. l^wltt
If. Beat L. O. X ......W. Graves
>.Osborn. C. ...... ...F. Diow
*L cmne...... ..R.U. L. ..Junker
4. wuiiama ;.'..: lt. T. L. ......... ...:.:J. Lane
A. Plat:.. ..R. K. L ...... Junker
Williams U. T. L J- i-ane
. PUt! R- »•• L '..Perry
W. 5Ueehan. ......;.. U. j. Connor
» K. n 0.1 ....I* 11. R...V E. Brown
JV"Townsend.........R. 11. L ......K. Stack
K. Lee...* F. * ...:.-;.K. Kefontes
lied and white..... Colors'..: Blue and white
6. . ..... . ............ Score . ... . . ..:... . ....: ..... ID
Officials: Referee— X. Hewgon, fullback Y. M. <'.
A. team." Umpire— 6. Chadwlulc, left tackle J.ow
ell Hleh School t>-!irr Linemen— William Brecn,
quarter St. Ignatius Coll' 1 ?- team, and Police ber
ge.iiK Michael Joseph Cor' boy. ".;
The Late "Abe Warner" and His Famous Cobweb Saloon.
[Fi-om mgatives in the fosscssioii of Nathan Joseph, 641 Clay street.}
NOW THE WEB HAS
ALL BEEN SPUN
Death of the Founder of a
Famous North Beach
Resort.
Abe Warnsr, One Tme Proprie
tor of th? "Cobwsb ialoon,"
Passes Away.
It Was Once Famous All Over the
Coast and At racted Visitors
by Thousands,
Abe Warner, one time proprietor of the
North Beach resort known as the Cobweb
saloon, died Thursday night in his cot
tage on Francisco street.
Warner was a pioneer and a prominent !
individuality of the car.ier days. He
established at Meiggs wharf in connection
with his saloon a miniature "Zjo," col
lected about him as the years went by a
quantity of old things deemed curious
from all parts of the world, allowed the
birds and monkeys to breed and the
spiders to weave their webs undisturbed, j
and all the time the fame of his shanty I
saloon grew and grew. He kept the best
of liquors and the air of age about the
place was said to add a flavor of its own.
j The clam chowder and fisb dishes to be
! had in the back room of the saloon added |
' fame to the establishment and the cobweb j
saloon became "the place to go." On
Sundays the crowds often were numbered
I by thousands, and Abe was compelled to
engage a corps of waiters and money
poured easily into the till.
But Abe was a philanthropist among
other things. At his table all who had
the slightest claim upon him weie wel
come, whether or not they coul'J pay. As
a -result the boarJ at meal times was
always full, even though the strangers and
visitors were few. 80 the money that came
to Abe in the flood of his lortune did not
remain with him. At one time he owned
considerable properly, but his holdings
dwindled away witn the turn of the tide,
lor when he ceased to make money in large
sums he did not cease to be a philan
thropist. For several years past he has I
lived upon a small stipend :-ent to him j
monthly by a daughter in the East.
The Cobweb saloon passed with the
later development of San Francisco, the ;
shifting of the centers of attraction and
the turning of the channels of trade in
other directions, albeit large and hand
some buildings stand on its site. The old
shanty was torn down several years ago,
but previous thereto the place was in
vaded by tradespeople ami th»- ipidera
were roused from their winter slepp by the
Joud voice of an auctioneer. The Jast
crowd that ever gathered in the place
went to buy from tne collection of woild
gatnered oddities. One curio-dealer went
so far as to take a number of photographs
of the place just previous to its destruc
tion.
Ola Abe then moved into a shanty on
Francisco street, a block or so away from
the scene of his personal triumphs, anil
there with a few of his most beloved
birds and animals he has quietly lived and
waned for the coming of Thursday night
last and its message. Poor, he has by no
means been without friends. He has
relatives here as well as in New York, who
looked alter him and stood ready to pro
vide a better habitation for him than he
chose to occupy, but he would not move.
His daughter in the East wanted him to
come there, but he refused. He wanted to j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
live among the old scenes, where, too, be
could enjoy ihe company of hi 3 pets. A
fr.voritc cockatoo died of old age a few
diys ago and Abe lelt the loss very
deeply.
Henry S. Lubbock of Oakland, formerly
boiler insppctor of this City, is a brother
in-law of Warner's ami has looked after
him considerably. He visited him on
Thursday afternoon and found him in
apparent Rood health and uromised to
come hack and talc to him further about
some of his affair* the following flay.
Shortly after Lubbock's departure, H. L.
Coy, an oi^-time friend, came in and
found the old man had just breathed his
lasi. The deceased wa« 82 years ol age.
Warner was born in New York ar.ct was
a bu:cher by trade. When he came to
San Francisco in 184J be started a butcher
shop on Sansome street, butshortiy closed
it out to found tiie North B-nch rpsort.
Warner left a family in New York that
never followed him. Two of bis sisters
did so, with their husbands. They are
Mrs. Lubbock and Mrs. George Coffey.
The body is at Gray's undertaking es
tablishment, from where the funeral will
proceed on Sunday at 1 o'clock to the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
FRIDAY NIGHT LECTURES
Rabbis Nieto and Levy Deliver
Interesting Di: courses at
Their Synagogues.
Th 3 Former Spake of Treatment of
Personal Enemies and the Latter
of J ws in Fic'ion.
Rabbi Jacob Nieto spoke on "Treatment
of Personal Enemies as Advised in the
Talmud" at the Tuylor-street Synasjague
iast night. In the course of irs lecture
he said:
"To bid a man love his enemies i 3 to rotn
tnand him to do that which he may affect
to do, Dtit which in reality it is not pos3i
ble for him to accomplish.
"The Talmud, that venerable library of
ethics and philosophy, had a full concep
tion of the manifest absurdity of layins
down principles at variance with the na
ture of man.
"The first rule of conduct toward per
sonal enemies was forbearance. The
sagos admonished their followers not to
be easily angered. To bear no maiice was
the second step, while the third was not
to seek revenge.
"According to the teachinps of the Tal
muii, the accepted basis of all Jewish
ethical ideals, it is a sin to rejoice at the
downfall of an enemy. Hebrew tradition
records that the .Egyptians were drowned
on the seventh day 01 the Easter festival,
and on that account tne Talmud enacted
th:it no songi of rejoicing should be sung
on that day, and to this day Israel never
sings a joyiul lUne on the traditional an
niversary of ihe defeat of E ypt."
Rev. M. S. Levy last night concluded
the series of lectures he began some time
ago at tiie Geary-street Temple on "The
Jew in Fiction." The subject of his dis
course was George Eliot's "Daniel Deron
da." He spoke of ttie title character as
being a hero and of Mordecai, the enthu
siast on the restoration of the kingdom of
Israel, as a high ideal.
He paid a hieh tribute to the genius of
the author, and declared that her por
trayals of the Jew and Jewess were the
only true and faithful ones, so far as race
ana religious attributes are concerned.
George Eliot neither exaggerated the vices
nor unduly extolied tUe virtues of the
Jew. Rabbi L?vy further declared that
only by a resilience amonsr the Jews and
by actually living in a Jewish family could
she have become famiiiar with tho details
of domestic life that she so graphically
and sympathetically delineated. In con
clusion he recommended ali who had not
read this last nnd greatest product of this
woman's genius to do so at the earliest
opportunity.
The manufacture of silk began in Eng
land in the year IGO3.
REGULAR TRAINS
MAY SOON RUN
Passengers to Be Carried
Over the Valley Road
to Fresno.
A Mora Convenient Service Pos
sible Than Over the Old
Monopoly.
Rates of the Pf ople's Rend Wil Make
a Saving of 37 Per
Cent.
Regular passenger service between this
City and Fresno via the Valley road and
the boats of the California Navigation and
Improvement Company may be inau
gurated next week.
So satisfactory to the two transporta
tion companies named have been the re
sults of the excursions now being con
ducted over their lines in connection with
the Fresno Citrus Fair, that the matter of
continuing tne present service as a per
manent feature is being discussed, and
there is every indication that the South
ern Pacific will shortiy have a sturdy com
petitor for the passenger business of the
San Joaquin Valley to all points as far
south as Fresno.
The experience of the past few days has
demonstrated that the roadbed is in ex
cellent condition, and the connection ar
rangements at Stockton work in a most
satisfactory manner. Should it be decided
to run regular passenger' trains, the time
schedule between Stockton and Fresno
will be the same as that now in use in
operating tho excursion trains. It is as
I follows: iii'&i 1 --.
I Southbound. Stations. Northboand.
a. m. . . . p If.
. 7 :v0 ....Stockton, Weber avenue 6:40
7:3j... .....Stockton, Hunter 5treet. ....... 5:30
7:48 f Burnham ■.•...6:12
8:11 Escaion. 4:51
*:15 .........f Barrold... 4:45
8:30... .............. Cluuston.... ..■..:..._4:al
8:37....... f Empire..: ...;4:23
8:45 .Huuhson....... 4:16
8:59...... .....;... Klmwood 4:0.3
9:34......... ." .'.f Gracey.v..;...... ........3::6
9:49 Merced 3:14
10:01) f Turner. 3:00
10:t8 : .....f Geneva..... 2:53
10:2 - Le Grand., .2:40
10:33 MarjcuerKe 2:27
10:44 Sharon 2:16
1O:5J ;............ .i Mi11er....... 2:OS
11:07 Lankershiru 1:55
! 11:18 f Palter son 1:42
11:85 ...f Bnllard .. ....... I:X6
11:50.. .....Fresno, Keru street...... 1:10
{ Stop only on signal. ...,;. ,
At tins end passengers will take the boat
at 6 r. M. and arrive at Stockton in the
morning, after a good night's rest on the
well-equipped and comfortably furnished
boats of the California Navigation and
Improvement Company. Fresno will be
readied about noon. On the trip north
war.l the train will leave Fresno shortly
after the lunch hour and arrive at Stockton
in the evening, so as to make a close con
nection with the steamer for San Fran
cisco, which leaves at 6 o'clock and arrives
I in San Francisco early the next morning.
Thus passengers will lose but halt a day
in mating the journey either way. On
the Souti.ern Pacitic the trains aie now
run so as to necessitate either the loss of
an entire day, or the uncomfortable ex
perience of arriving at or departing from
Fresno in the small hours of the morning.
But in the matter of rates the Valley
road will offer inducements that are sure
to attract traffic. As against the present
rate of $5 90 etiarged by the Soutnern Pa
cific, the Valley road will put in a rate of
$3 75, a reduction of about 37 per cent.
Meanwhile the excursion rate to Fresno
' and return has been made $3 50, tickets
j good to return until Wednesday, Decem
ber 23.
BUSIED IN A GRAY FOG.
San Francisco's Peopled Hills
Were Out of Sight as the
Sun Went Down.
Ships Hoisted Additional Lights and
Whistles and Fog Horns Played
Melancholy Music.
The first fog of the season settled down
upon San Francisco last evening as the
sun was sliding down the golden stairs
into the placid blue of the Pacific.
I«. flowed in lazily, a ghostly avalanche
of gray, through the Golden Gate, envel
oping the big rifled cannon on Lime
Point, the fifteen-inch dynamite guns, the
twelve-inch riile3 and the wide-mouthed
mortars at the Presidio, Until the long
black tube? loomed ud like the stacks and
masts of wiecked steamships.
Thefog climbed Mount Olympus, steal-
I ing through the shady walks of the cypress
and eucalyptus groves on the west of the
T win Peaks. Then it rolled up past the
I Almshouse ana over the top of the Peaks,
I from wnose summits the peopled hills of
I fair San Francisco could be seen in the
twilight of the mist with smoke from
many chimneys spiraliug lazily toward
the zanith.
A few minutes later the white and gray
and veilow and red mansions of wood and
stone and brick, wiih the bay beyond
them, trie Contra Costa hills and the big
whale of brown rock th?y call Goat Inland,
were hidden in the voluminous veiling of
the fog, and there was nothiug left but a
dead sea of clouds.
Out of the smoke and mist and out of
the silence that came in with the fog there
rose at measured intervals the bellowing
of tne foghorn, the mournful mooing of a
cow for her lost calf.
Arc lights struggled hazily to be seen,
and little prismatic haloes mocked them.
The dirty yellow easjets lost whatever of
title they might " i.aye had as lights and
waned into a sickly smudge.
The usual quality of magnifying objects
was not absent. Streetcars and horses
and wagons seemed to rise out of the
ground not more than twenty feet from
the pedestrian, and each vehicle when it
first burst into view looked as big as a
two-story house.
Shipping men were unusually careful
with tueir craft, for the fog was so dense
that it was impossible to see more than a
boat's length ahead. The ferry steamers
were obliged to slacken iheir speed and to
crawl through the vapor, for fear of col
lisions. Wh sties, were repeatedly blown
and bells were rung all alons the city
front to warn traveling craft of the ob
stacles in their way.
But there were x\p grave accidents.
Neither was there ant discomfort, for ths
fog was warm and corn pan. onable and had
the glow of the Cnristmastiile upon it.
HOMES FOR BABIES.
Bazaar by Ladle* to Carry on the Work
of Mercy.
The Children's Home-finding Society's
bazaar at 420 Butter street will close to
night. Last evening, in spite ol the dis
agreeable fog, there was a good attend
ance, and the lauies in charge of the
various tables were well pleased with their
success so far.
A large vacant store near the Temple
Emanu-El was taken for the occasion and
handsomely decorated with red p.nd white
bunting and some evergreens. The ladies
of the society soon transformed the big
interior into an attractive bazaar. The
result is that the tables are covered with
all kinds of pretty articles suitable for
Christmas presents. There is also a col
lection of water-color sketches and pic
tures of different kinds for sale.
In all there are nine booths, as follows:
Domestic booth, Mrs. Young; fancy
booth, Miss Hoffman, Miss Kelly; doll
booth, Miss Fossy and assistants; art
booth, Mrs. Benton, Mrs. Sandehl; art
gallery, Miss Rumsey; table of fortune,
Miss Batler; grabbag. Miss Benton; re
freshments. Airs. Lloyd, Mrs. Badiey, Mrs.
Grimm, Mrs. Canwrigat ; palmistry, Pro
fespor Rekaf.
The feature of this afternoon will be an
exhibition of the modern ark. This is
merely a 10-cent market basket, but it will
contain one of the helpless infants for
Whom the Children's Home-tinJing Soc
ety rinds homes. The etiild will be on ex
hibition on its way to its new home, and
will hold its reception from '2 to 5 p. m.
Children will be admitted free of charce,
but are asked not to forget ?ome donation.
The bazaar will be open all day and
evening. In addition to the little one
that is to leave on the 5 p. m. train for its
home 150 miles away, a stui later home
less infant will entertain the visitors after
ward. It is but 14 day 8 old, and so far
sorrow and tears have been it-j portion,
and the ladies wish to know who will help
it with some of the good things of life to
make the little stranger happy.
THE PRESS CLUB.
A Great Entertainment to Bs Given
To-Night at the Club Rooms
in the Tlmrlow Block.
To-night the Press Club will give an en
tertainment at the rooms in the Thurlow
block. The programme is very complete
and it is believed will .be found very inter
esting. Many of the talented members of
the club are to take part. Harry Melvin
is to act as sire. The programme is as
follows:
Dull Care, something by Melvin; Press
Club Quartet; Melvin 's Paper; by Mc-
Bride, an anomaly not yet to be out
lined; Mollenhauer; address, T. T. Wil
liams; music, Signor Abramoff ; address,
Mayor-elect Phelan ; supper; Christmas Tree;
Press Club quartet; paper. Judge John Hunt:
souu, Frank Coffin; unique paper, Wells Prnry;
song, Homer Henley; speech, General W. H.
L Barnss; Ferris Htotman; address, Ed w a ro
Moran; (specialty by Rhys Thomas; "'Out of
the Groove," L. G. Carpenter; specialty, John J.
Raffael.
There will also be a Christmas tree,
from which tufts' of various kinds are to be
distributed to members.
It will be from all indications a gala
night for the members and their friends.
A big crowd will probably be present.
Santa Clans' Headquarter!.
Mothers, bring your boys to see Santa Claus.
He is well supplied with candies and Xmas
enrds and will behind to meet all his little
friends at the Old 1 X L. L. V. Merle, proprie
tor, corner Kearny and Commercial streets
and corner Sixth and Mission streets. '
Last Night's Alarms.
An alarm was sounded from box 98 at 7:10
o'clock last evening for a blaze caused by a
detectye electric wire at the Central Millin
ery-store, 838 Market street. The damage
amounted to about $10. Tne alarm from box
184 at 9:10 P. >i. was for a fire in G. W. Cook's
cigar-store, 225?.^ Eighth street. The blaze
was caused through the care ess use of
matches and damaged the store to the extent
of $50.
It is said that the Greenland whale
sometimes attains the age of 400 years.
NEW . TO-DAY.
(I! CHRr^TMAS
WJ5*
No publication In Callfornja Is more sought after during the holidays
than the CHRISTMAS LETTER. Filled from cover to cover with
beautiful and artistic illustrations, poems, stories and special articles
It Is a welcome guest, ln, every home on the Pacific Coast and a delight-
ful souvenir to send to friends abroad, as It will bo an essentially Cali-
fornia production.
PARTIAL CONTENTS:
Illustrations.
There will be twenty full-page engrav-
ings, representing the most attractive
and picturesque portions of San Fran-
cisco, its environs and the State.
Stories.
Ten clever stories by the most popular
litterateurs on the coast, including:
MILLARD
SUTHERLAND
FERGUSON
WAGSTAFF
MORROW
K.ATHRYN JARBOE
AMY WELLS And Others.
Poems
Appropriate for the season— gems well j
worth Dreserving— written by
INA COOLBRITH
EDWARD CLARKE
ELLA M. SEXTON
DAN'L O'CONNELL
LOUIS A. ROBERTSON
HOWARD V. SUTHERLAND
JOHN P. ALBRO
And other?. All handsomely illustrated.
JUGGLED WITH
TITLE ABSTRACTS
Farmer Robinson Told the
Grand Jury How H3
Was Beguiled.
Came Out Fifteen Hundred Dol
lars Short in a Land Trans
action.
An Unexpected Trust Deed Held by
the San Francisco Savings Union
to S cure $2000
G. \V. Robinson told the Grand Jury
yesterday that be was swindled out of
$1500 in cash. The jury was deeply im
pressed by tha narrative, as many of the
facts were corroborated by J. F. Cuuning
ham, wholesale grocer, 14 Clay street, San
Francisco.
According to the story told to the Grand
Jury Mr. Kobinson in Octobar last met
G. W. Donaldson, residing on Sanchez
street, in this City. Donaldson presented
the advantages and described the location
of a 200-acre tract ql land near P.eyto,
Monterey County. Mr. Robinson . went
down and saw the land and the prospect
pleased him. Then Donaldson went up
to Mendocino County and saw the little
farm at Elk. An exchange was soon agreed
upon. A valuation of $2000 was placed on
the Mendocino land, house, barn and hay.
The Monterey land was held to De worth
$3500, and Robinson was to pay tho dif
ference, $1500.
When abstracts of title were examined
Mr. Cunningham advised his friend, Rob
inson, that a lawyer should be engaged to
examine the titie, but the confiding Men
docino County farmer had so much faith
in George W. Donaldson of this City ana
W. C. and John Donaldson of Monterey
County that he concluded not to spend
money for examination of papers. Mr. Cun
ningham himself examined the abstract
carefully, and it seeuied to him clear and
straight.
The transactions of exchange were duly
executed October 10, before Notary En
quist, in the Milis building, and Mr. Rob
iuson paid over his $1500 to G. W. Donald
son In due time the Mendocino farmer
went to Monterey and took possession of
his farm, for which he had paid the sum
of his worldly lortune.
He explained to the Grand Jury how
rudely he was shaken when the knowl
edge came to him that the San Francisco
Savings Union held a deed of trust on the
land to secure the payment of $2000, which
G. W. Donald; on hati borrowed from tne
bank in December, 1880. Mr. Robinson
told the jury that he was assured there
was nothing due on the land but the taxes
for the current year. He stated that the
abstract which ue examined and showed
to Cunningham contained no mention of
the trust deed. In this respect his testi
mony was corroborated by the wholesale
grocer, J. F. Cunningham, who said he
carefully read the abstract.
Special Articles
By prominent men in the literary, com-
'" mercial and financial world, viz.: v
JAMES D. PHELAN
v WENDELL EASTON
FRED S. MYRTLE
A. S.LOWNDES
CHAS. B. HILL
ASHTON P. STEVENS
JOHN FIN LAY
ARTHUR INKERSLEY
J. D. MAXWELL
And others, besides all the regular de-
, pnrrraenti ? and features of the NEWS
LETTER.
Premium Covers.
The number will be enclosed in artistic,
premium,' illuminated covers, and the
■. whole issue printed on heavy coated
■ paper made specially for this issue.
'-To; insure a large
sale the, price of the .
Christmas issue will .r $ Af\
be only &SFSK
15 Cents Per Copy. *!W|| 1
Send it to your :..Vi^T.'
friends. a CIV
Order copies now. nHjS-^ .&&'
Ready December 21. Wtk % sW— -w
F. MARRIOTT, '~^^T
Publisher. -
5% Kearny St., S. F.
IfE\fr TO-DAT. .
HORAC^DAVIS
DOES NOT KNOW
HE IS DEAD!
So States Editor Barry in
THE STAR.
The Funding Infamy and Other Live Topics
Read The Star's Editorial on
THE CUBAN SITUATION.
STATES^
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
vti& am InLim Q Mb^ Isa
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
. ■■- ■ . .--:. '. i■* s
OF BASLE, SWITZERLAND, OX THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895. and for the year
ending on trim day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of tne State of California, pursuant
to trip provisions of -section-; 610 ami 611 of ttia
Political code, condensed as per Ua iii furnlsued
by me Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Capita 1..................... $2,000.000 00
Amount, of Capital Slock, paid up
in cash 400.000 00
ASSET 3. ~
Real Estate owned by Company.... $ 299,752 22
Loans on Bonds and A!or;saci-5..... 377,600 00
ash Market Value of all Stocks and
. BonUs owned b/ Company. 215,776 13
Cash *In Company's Office and in -
Banks. 123,677 36
Interest due and accrued on all
. stocks and Loam 6,932 82
i'remium:* in due Course of Collec-
tion '........ .:.: - 44,99677
Total Assets $1.068,735 30
LIABILITIES.
losses Adjusted and Unpaid $46,153 40
Losses in Process of Adjustment or
. in Suspense 41,182 20
Gross Premiums on Fire Kisks ru i-
ning on*- >Rir or less, $485,- ...
482 23; reinsurance 50 per cent. 242,741 11
Gross Premiums o i , i-ire Risks run- .
ning more tunn one year, $82.-
-036 93: reinsurance pro rata.'... ' 50,86289
Cash Dividends remaining unpaid.. - ... 258 00
" Total Liabilities...... 1.197 bO
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received lor Fire . ?'A-f>A-«'i
Premiums ....". $567,519 17
Received for Interest and Dividends
on Bends,' < mock*, ■ Loans - an i
from all other Hour^es..... . 33,810. 67
Received for bents ; 11,^40 46
Total Income $612,570 30
m , . ■
EXPENDITURES.
Net Amount paid for Tire Losses... $350,029 15
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or Allowed for Commission or
••- 8r0kerage.......:............. 105,155 40
Paid for -alarles. Fees ana other
Charges for Officers, Clerks, e:c. 52,095 23
Paid for mate. National and Local
Taxes. 8,507 80
All other Payments and iixpendi-
turei .7.... 24,717 10
Total Expenditures $564,5 68
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
| Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks [
written during
the year | $194,873,543 $526,500 43
Net amount of risks
expired during
the year 57 , 456,346 67,898 32
Net amount in
J force December
31,1895 I 325,073,194 567,519 17
R. ISELTN, President. .
A. TROXLER, Manager. -
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day
Of April, 1896. GKORGE KFORD.
United Stales Consul.
SYZ & GO,
. GENERAL AGENTS,
4 10 California St., San Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF THE
\ CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HELVETIA SWISS
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF ST. HALL. SAVITZERLAND.ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D, 1895. arid for the year
ending on that day, ns made to the Insurance
Commissioner of tne State or Calltorni^. pursuant:
to the p. ovisions oi sections 610 end 61 1 of the Po-
litical C d<>, condensed as per blank tarnished by
the Commissioner. •
CAPITAL.
Capital (2,000,00000
Amount of Capital stock, paid up in
Cash 400.«2P_0£
■ - : ASSKT.*. ... . ■ .- ■ •".■■■
Keal Estate owned by Company.... $ 41,000 00
Loans oa Bonds and Mortgages. — S9i.'-93 'J I
cash Market Vnlut of a'l Clucks an.l
Bonds owned by Company . 855,-5939
Cash In ■ Company's Office and in
8auk5......... :... 272,38667
Interest clue and accrued on Bomis
and Mortuaies ....:.... :.'... 22,02710
Premiums in due Course of C011ec-
ti0n. ............. •*"•• 162,122 60
Total assets.. ......: $1.944.090 87
• LIABILITIES. " ■■ ,y
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid 1
Losses in Process of Adjustment I . _
or in. 5u5pen5e.. .....:.......... r (97,298 27
Losses Resisted, including Ex- |
penSPS...... .... ....J
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-,
■nine one year or less, $636,-
-960 53: reinsurance 50 per cent. 318,480 28
Gross Premiums on Fire KisKsrun-
• - ning more than one year. $160,-
-799 71: reinsurance pro rata 128,639 77. !
Cue and accrued for salaries, Kent, •
etc........—..... -..••• 11,600 00
All o'.ner Demands against the Com-
pany. ....... V...;...t...: 191,29381
Total Liabilities ... (747.309 13
INCOME. !;.;-;
Net Ca«h actually leceived for Fire
Premiums...... .:....."...:. ....... (710,980 53
Received lor interest on Bonds and
Morteaires .....;. ............... 24,926 68
Received lor iuteiest and dividends
on Bonds, Nooks, Loans, and
irom all other 50urce5. ............ 32,730 73
Total Income • $768,637 93
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... - (369,460 49
Dividends to holder*. . 96,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
- Brokerage .101,838 89
Paid for fc<a aries. >ees and other - •■> - r ■■
>-•■-. charges for officers. clerics, etc.. - ■ 47,300 83
laid for State, National andl//Cal . •■:
Taxe5......../.......:'. 17,142 97.
All other payments and expendi-
tures. , • • 47,50190
Total Expenditures $678.744 99
BISKS AND PREMIUMS.
——— | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risk* ! :
•'■ written during the
year.— :......... (807,956,565 (1,448,15501
Net amount of Risks - -,' t . ' . . '
> expired during the
: year... ......... 534,072,021 792,103 11
Net amount la force ■_■.;;
Decemb r3l,lB9s 441,133,589 767,760 27
P. HAIiTMAYKR, President
*;.-' M. J. G KOSSM AN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn 'to before me, this 31st
day of March, 1896. .IRVING B RICHMAN, '• '
, U.S. Consul-General.
S"Z"Z^& 00.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
410 California Street, San Francisco-
56
Saturday December 19, 1596
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
P»Ilr Mid Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Pally »nd Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally end Sunday Calx* three months by mail 1.60
Pally and (Sunday Call, one month, by moil- ; .65 !
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
Wkucly Call, one year, by mail 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
"10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
fT7 Montgomery birtet, corner Clay: open until
5 !f o'clock.
f f!> Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock
! '18 ILarkia street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
TV .ccrner fcineeutu and Mission street*; open
txiil h o'clock. . ' :J~~ _■
11 ib iiisßion street: open nnttl 9 o'clocX.
It 7 iviijLlihtreet; open until 9 o'clocs.
•- AiurK.ei street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
fctß Broad
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and S2, 34 Park How, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
IHIi CALL f PEAKS FOR ALL.
Trade lively to-day.
Next week the crush ccmes.
Remember the cause of charity.
Santa Claus should patronize home
novelties.
Don't forget to leave orders for The
Svxday Call.
If all reports are true, Maceo in death is
in the midst of life.
Most people object to "foul luck," but
Bbarkey and his gang have found it profit
able.
It matters not much whether we get the
belt line or seawall first so long as we get
both pretty soon.
The request of the Salvation Army,
"Please help us to cheer the friendless,"
is an appeal to you.
The merchants' excursion to Fresno will
be something more than a junketing trip.
There i 3 business in it.
The cuckoos have#anished from Con
gress, but tbe jingoes are still there, and
the talk goes on ds usual.
The only man in New York who seems
wholly indifferent to the contest over the
senatorshiD in that State is David Bennett
Hill.
The attempt of Long Green Lawrence
to make Mr. Charles Fair give support to
the Examiner lies has failed. Mr. Fair is
not a foul referee.
The prophetic voice of New York that
Willie Hearst will change his residence to
Sing Sine; and his name to No. 743 is likely
to be fulfilled almost any day.
The Invention of a machine for pitching
baseball is encouraging. Now let us have
a mechanical football rusher and give uni
versity men a chance to study a lit tie.
The immigration restriction bill by bar
ring admission 10 this country of all per
sens over 16 years of age who cannot re«d
ana write will give a boom to the cause of
free education in Eastern Europe.
The report that the Prince of Wales
smokes cigars costing $3 apiece inclines to
the belief that the tobacconist who sup
plies the palace must be a very close
friend of the steward of Ins Highness.
If ever the Democrats attempt recon
ciliation on the old camp-ground it will
be great fun watching the 116,000 Pal
merites trying to embrace the 6,000,010
wandering Bryanites at one fell swoop.
It is only fair to Mr. Bayard to assume
that when he declared the United States
would never have a war with Great
Br.tain lie meant to imply his faith that
the British Government will hereafter be
have itself.
If the Chicago Inter Ocean is right in
saying "the most reliable weather report
is thunder," California may as well e»o out
of the forecasting business. It is cheaper
to guess at the thing than to wait for
thunder in this climate.
The reciprocity policy will be made an
important part of the next Republican
tariff, and it is likely it will be given a
much larger scope than under the Har
rison administration. The South Ameri
can trade will be ours yet.
The decision* of the court of inquiry on
the sinking of the Texas, rinding two
navy-yard engineers to have been "repre
hensibly careless," will probably be satis
factory to the people. It is easier to get
two new engineers than to get another
warship.
The House Committee on Agriculture
has prepared a bill appropriating money
for the free distribution of garden seed
neit year, despite the fact that the Sec
retary did not ask for it. I'nis seems to
be a clear case of treating the Secretary
with parliamentary as well as garden
sass.
The St. Louis Globe-Democrat says:
"Many negroes in South Carolina are
emigrating to North Carolina because
their votes are now honestly allowed and
counted in the latter State." It is possi
ble, however, that some are moving simply
to change their drinks from the dispensary
system.
New York and New Jersey propose to
ask the General Government to appro
priate a large sum oi money to preserve
and beautify the Palisades, and Cali
fornia might as well get in and ride the
bill with a proposal that the Government
put up the coin for decorating some of the
hills around San Francisco Bay.
Among the means which Congress
might adopt for putting an end to the de
ficit in the Postoffice Department are an
abolition of the franking privilege and a
reduction in the rales paid to the rail
roads. Either ol these would be much
better than the proposed plan of increas
ing the cost of sending second-class mail
matter.
In a recent interview Senator Quay said:
"In the Senate we have millionaires and
business men enough to «erve all legiti
mate purposes. Senators are needed who
have no specialties but will act for the in
terests of the country in gross without
special affinities." For the meaning, in
tent and application of this remark, you
have only to apply to John Wanamaker.
A CONVICTED FALSIFIER, FRAUD AND FAKER.
The Examiner has been evidently hard hit by the comments of the press of Califor
nia upon it and by the expressed contempt in which it is held by decent people. Like
an indicted mountebank it is endeavoring to escape the consequences of
its arrest and arraignment by means of the most transparent falsehoods and
fakes. In addition to its already overworked every-day liar it has called its affidavit
malcer to the aid of its "Long Green" manager with an alleged statement of tne
Examiner's "distribution." The last time this useful member of the Examiner's
"Fake and Fiction" department came to its rescue ho speedily retired from the
scene of conflict a badly battered person and with very little left of his affidavit besides
the notary's seal.
The "Long Green" manager of the Examiner is displaying some present discretion
in seeking to hide himself behind the person of his affidavit-maker, but his thought
ful cowardice comes too late. The affidavit-maker is no longer of either offensive or
defensive utility, for the simple reason that the Examiner has become entirely too
offensive to be defended. Tbe best evidence of this is to be found in the
fact that even its literary gun-fighter and the bodyguard of its "Long Green" manager
has deemed it due to the shreds and patches which remain of his reputation to
deny in open court and under oath that be is an employe of the Examiner, or that
he has recently allowed his literary gems to sparkle, among the rubbish and refuse
with which its columns are filled. It is a matter of some argument about
town as to which Mr. Earp considers most disreputable, to be the bodyguard ot a
blackguard or the sp cia. writer of the newspaper of which that sort of person has
been appropriately made manager. Apparently the bad man from Arizona has con
cluded that it is less dishonorable to bunko a prize-tight than to bo either, and that
having cleaned up an income from his latest venture he may escape the greater disre
pute of his earlier employment by getting out of town.
The "Lone Green" manager of the Examiner must be credited with a marked
degree of versatility in the methods which he has recently adopted to convince the
public of the Examiner's utter unreliability and disrepute. Beginning with an attempt
to reproduce in the Examiner the vigorous English in which the decent newspapers
of tbe Pacific Coast expressed their estimate of its indecency and unworth,
he soon found that a continuance of such publication would not only occupy the entire
issue but would call for a very large extra edition daily. He therefore turned his versatile
mind to other means of showing and increasing the Examiner's ill repute. He has
adopted the comparative method and makes a daily display of the efforts of his three
principal assistants, making the reading public discredit whatever the Examiner says
or does.
These three able and congenial aids to "Long Green" are the plain, ordinary,
every-day faker, who is a member of the regular staxf, the special writer of follies and
falsehoods who dees space, and last, but by no means least, the affidavit maker. It
has not be n the usual thing for the Examiner to employ all of these talented assistants
at tbe same time, or cublish their output upon the same day; but of late they have
all three been occupied to the point of overwork. In consequence thereof the Exam
iner's effort to prove itself entirely unworthy of all confidence is
reining on famously. The serious question at present agitating the
public mind is whether its "Long Green" manager will succeed in
mnking the Examiner thoroughly disreputable- before Mr. Hearst awakens
to a realization of the fact that there are better ways of making it a popular news
paper than those which the license he has given "Long Green" to run it has enabled
him to emnioy. Whenever such awakening comes a blackguard and his bodyguard
will probably be united in some other region where there is no ordinance against
carrying concealed weapons, and where the methods of both are better suited to the
society of that romantic frontier.
SAN FRANCISCO AND PRESTO.
The excursion of San Francisco mer
chants to Fresno is to be something more
than a pleasure trip, though the pleasure
which they will derive from the hospitality
of Fresno and from the delights of the
citrus fair will be great. It will be an
evidence of the interest which the pro
gressive men of San Francisco take in the
work of progressive men in other parts of
tbe State, and will tend not only to a
better feeling between the City and the
interior, but to the development of busi
ness relations.
Tbe council of associated industries in
adopting resolutions accepting the invi
tation to visdt the fair expressed the gen
eral sentiment in declaring "We believe
that all opportunities should be improved
to stimulate and encourage tbe better
feeling and more cordial relations between
the people of the interior and those of the
metropolis and that a closer intermingling
;s calculated to. promote this result. 1 '
The fair at Fresno is in every respect an
important accomplishment tor the whole
State as well as for the San Joaquin. It
ha- made evident the iact that Fresno is
something more than the center of a
raisin producing country. It has shown
:o the world that the great San Joaquin
Valley is a region of the most diversified
resources and produces in abundance a
iarge variety of the rinest fruits, grains,
wines, vegetables and woods known to
San Francisco, as the metropolis of
California, is charged with the responsi
bility of making these products known
abroad, and her merchants work for her
own interests as well as for the interests
of Fre.sno and the interior when they
take step 1 ? to acquaint themselves with
the productions of the San Joaquin in or
der that they may more effectually find
markets for them in the East and in Eu
rope,
The business men of Fresno have
worked hard to make the fair a notable
success and have achieved a triumph they
may well be proud of. All reports show
that the extent and the variety of the ex
hibits has been a surprise to many people
in Fresno its'lf. Certainly there aie
thou-ancls of Caiifornians in other por
tions of the State who did not know how
great is the wealth-rroducing capability
of the San Joaquiu. They have now had
an object-lesson which convinces even the
most skeptical of the vast resources of our
great interior valley and its surrounding
foothills. It is gratifying to know that
the merchants of San Francisco will be
among tho3e who Bee this object-lesson
and study it with care. The trip to Fresno
is a holiday full of business possibilities,
and there can be little doubt that many of
these will be realized in the near future.
THE IMMIGRATION BILL.
The irn migration bill passed by the Sen
ate, while not as stringent as was desired
by a considerable cJass of people, is yet in
its main lines in accordance with the pre
vailing sentiment on the subject. It has
been the general desire that in imposing
further restrictions upon immigration to
this country, the fundamental principle
should be thai of excluding the ignora.n
by requiring of every immigrant an edu
cational test and this is the main object of
the bill.
The proposed law provides that in addi
tion to all persons excluded under the re
strictions of the existing act there shall
be barred irom admission to the United
Stales all persons over 16 years of age who
cannot read and write the language of
their native country or seme other lan
guage. It is permissible, however, for an
admissible immigrant over 16 to bring
with him or send for his wife, parents or
children, notwithstanding their inability
to read and write. A further provision of
the act exempts from its operation all per
sons arriving in the" United States from
Cuba during the continuance of the dis
orders there, provided such persons have
been inhabitants of the island.
Tba demand for an educational test for
the admission of immigrants to tne United
States is well founded. For a long time
the bulk of foreign immigration to this
country came from Great Britain, France,
Germany and Scandinavia, and the ma
jority of persons included in that immi
gration were fairly well educated and well
fatted for American citizenship. In recent
year?, however, there has been a great
change in this respect. The bulk of our
immigration of late has been from South
ern and Eastern Europe and has been
largely compo-ed of persons too ignorant
Jo understand our system of government
or to become good citizens.
During the fiscal year ending last June
the number of immigrants from Great
Britain, France, Germany and Scandina
via amounted to about 132,000. while that
from Southern and Eastern Europe was
179,000. Among the Italians over 14 years
of age 55 per cent were illiterate, among
the llu-sums 41 per cent, and among
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
those from Austro-Hungary 39 per cent.
It is also to be noted that comparatively
few among those from the south and east
of Europe had any skill in any kind of
:rade.
The results of this immigration of
ignorant and unskilled labor is to
be found in the slums of our great
cities. According to a report of the
Commissioner of Labor, made in 1894,
in Baltimore 77 per cent of the total
population in the slums was of foreign
birth or parentage; in Chicago, 90 per
cent; in Philadelphia, 91 per cent, and in
New York 95 per cent. In Baltimore, out
of every 100 aliens in the slums 40 were
illiterate; in Chicago, 47; in New York,
59, and in Philadelphia, 51; and out of
every 100 of these illiterate aliens 67
were of voting age in Baltimore,*77 in
Chicago, 78 in New York and 85 in Phila
delphia.
The prompt passage of the new restric
tion act is the more important because
the tide of immigration to t is country,
which had railen off during the years of
depression, has begun to flow in upon us
ai;ain with something like its old force.
With the revival of indu-ary and the com
ing of better times, there will be a large
increase in immigration if it were not in
some measure excluded. This will be
(ione by the educational test pro
posed by the act. When we shut
out all who cannot read aud write we will
bar a larpe majority of those who come to
us from countries where labor has been
degraded to a condition that renders their
people unfitted for American citizenship
and unfair competitors with American
workingmen.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
To-morrow's issue of The Call will fully
sustain the splendid reputat on it pos
si s'es as a valuable and entertaining
iriend of the family and a welcome Sun
day visitor.
"The Foundation Stone of San Fran
cisco's Greatness" is an article that will
command wide attention ami deep inter
est among all who are concerned in the
advancement, and prosperity of the metrop
olis of the Pacific Coast. This is to be the
colossal entrepot of the Occidental trade.
"The shin ng rails of steel may come
and kiss the dancing waves of the golden
ocean," says the writer. "But there the
poetry ends and the very plain prose be
gins. Between the rails and the waves
there must be a big strong bridge, over
which the commerce of the rails and
waves will have to pass, and that bridge
is what is called a commercial seaport.
"That San Francisco will become the
greatest seanort of the world is a problem
that can only be delayed of affirmative
solution by the exercise of the blindest
disregard of business principles, a con
dition which is not now nor very likely
to be found in the city which eraces the
finest harbor in the world, having oppo
site to its mouth three-fifths of ail the
world's commerce."
The commercial, mercantile and other
representative interests should pay heed
to the timely suggestions in this able ar
ticle, which will benefit San Francisco far
and near.
'The Strangest of Latter-day Ciusades"
will be somewhat of a revelation to our
preachers and to peopie of all our
churches; for it gives ris« to the query,
"Is a revolution in religions a probability
in the near future?"
A number of capital Christmas sketches
make features that will amuse and delight.
A pleasant little story of how a local
operetta came to be born will afford good
reaHing. It contains a few snatches of
verse that have a bearing which will be
generally appreciated.
An account of a Southern California
man's adventures with an aerial veloci
pede makes an excellent story.
There are dozens of fine features in ad
dition, and besides all these the various
departments are stocked with good things.
The children's page will be hailed witn
by the little folks, as it will be
radiant with Christmas gems. The whole
paper will be one of rich interest, and one
that should be in every home.
PRESIDENTS SONS.
Moses P. Handy in Chicago Times-Herald.
Within the week I have seen six sons of as
manj ex- Presidents— Kobert Lincoln, Colonel
Fred Grant, James A. Garfield Jr., Chester
Allan Arthur Jr. and Russell Harrison. Young
Gurfteld I heard speak at the Hanna bunquet
At Cleveland, and I doubt whether his father,
gifted orator as he was, could have made a
beiter speech at the same age. It was not
simply that his phrasing was good and his de
livery agreeable, but that he expressed good
ideas cast in the niola of his own mind. He is
a young man with an assured political future.
Colonel Grant has been at Canton and Cleve
land a good deal lately, but his friendship
with the McKinleys is not a uew thing, and lie
never goes through Cleveland without spend
ing a night at the hospitable home of Sylvester
T. Everett, who is an old friend of his as well
as of Major McKinley. These visits have
naught to do with colonel Grant's frankly ex
pressed amtiition ;o bo Secretary of War. To
hold that place has been his ambition for
years, and it is an ambition within the lines of
his tastes and capacity. A soldier Dy birth
ana education, trained at the feet of the great
est general ot the day, he is eminently quali
fied for the Dosition. Like all the Grants, and
especially like his father, whom he resembles
more every day, he has matured slowly but
surely. While he wns Minister to Austria I
had occasion to see how modestly and abiy he
discharged his<lutie3. There may be political
reason* why he should not be Secretary of
War, but there are none other.
PERSONAL.
F. E. Jones of Reno got here yesterday.
Sam Rucker, ex-Mayor of San Jose, is in the
City.
J. W. Briscoe of Fresno is a recent arrival
here.
Barlow Furguson of Salt Lake is at the Occi
dental.
General A. W. Barrett of Sacramento 1b on a
visit here.
Dr. E. W. Dutch of Prescott, Ariz., is attho
California.
O. R. Gleason, a mining man of Denver, is at
the Baldwin.
W. W. Middlecoff, an attorney of Visalia, is
Visiting the Bay City.
Kaleigh Barcar, owner of the Vacavllle Re
porter, is in the City.
G. T. Murray, an attorney of Los Angeles,
arrived here yesterday.
F. G. Gould of Jackson, Amador County, is
among the arrivals here.
H. L. Drew, a merchant of San Bernardino,
is among the arrivals here.
Senator Percy Henderson has returned from
a trip to Southern California.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, superintendent of the
asylum at Napa, is at the Lick.
Andrew McLelland, a wealthy mining man
of Pueblo, Colo., is at the Grand.
Edgar Hartnell, a business man of Newman,
is among the arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. David A. Conrad arrived from the East
yesterday and is at the Occidental.
Lee F. Gray, a vineyardist of Fresno, is in
the City, accompanied by Mrs. Gray.
Colonel Johu T. Harrington of Colusa is at
the Russ, accompanied by his daughter.
R. M. Sturdevant of the United States steam
ship Perry is registered at the California.
J. Black aud Mrs. Black of Hongkong ar
rived here last night and are at the Palace.
Ferdinand Saiz, owner of a general store at
Decoto, near Nile.?, is up on a business trip.
Mrs. M. M. Johnson of Chicago, accom
panied by her two children, is at the Palace.
Chairman E. C. Casey of the Calaveras
County Republican Committee Is at the
Grund.
James McNeal, who is one of the owners of
tht> electric light plant at Santa Cruz, Is at the
Palace.
H. D. Campbell of the Iron Mountain copper
mine at Keswick, Shasta County, is at the
Palace.
R. W. Price, traveling freight agent of the
St. Paul and Duluth Railroad, is at the Cosmo
politan.
M. Nanerth and wife of Slater, Mo., have
taken apartments for the winter at the Cos
mopolitan.
A. L. Parker, conductor on the California
and Oregon R»ilroad from Redding to Ash
land, is »t the Russ.
Assessor John F. Mcßride of Yreka is on a
visit here and is at the Lick. He is an old
resident of Sisklyou County.
Assemblyman F. R. Stansell of Butte County,
who was last fall elected for the second time
to the Legislature, Is visiting the City.
Miss Loie Fuller, noted for her serpentine
dancing, returned from a tour of the north
yesterday and will spend the holidays here.
B. F. Bizel of Bozemati, Mont., largely inter
ested in mining in tnat State, arrived in the
City yesterday and registered at the Cosmo
politan.
Joseph Gilbert, a wealthy miner and
rancher, is at the Grand Hotel. Mr. Gilbert,
whose residence is at Los Angeles, was the
former lessee of the Laguna Ranch.
J. H. hiall, a wealthy resident of Chicago,
who is interested in an immigration enter
prise in Kern County, not far from Bakers
field, was among yesterday's arrivnla.
Among the arrivals at the Palace are O. A.
Hall, Dr. J. K. Curnow and A. T. Everman of
San Jose, wno nave come up to confer with
the Governor, as it is stated, in regard to the
asylum at Agnews.
J. E. Mills of Massachusetts, who has for
some time b.'uti engaged in mining near
Quincy, Plumas County, and who is frequently
here, carae down from the mountains yester
day and is at the Occidental.
D. F. Verdenal, correspondent of the Chron
ic:e in New York for fifteen years past and
formerly on the staff of that paper in this City
and on the Daily ' Stock Exchange, arrived here
yesterday and is at the Occidental. Mr. Ver
denal is an early California, pioneer. Hig
daughter is Mrs. William Forsy th of Fresno.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V.. Dec. 18.— At the Plazi—
W.N.Clark. Imperial— W. ¥. Grill Jr. Ever
ett—A. C. Schwinforth, C. L. Thomas and wife.
DECEPTIVE APPEARANCE.
'Tls wroni; to judee by looks alone
As much in nature stiowa. - ■ .
The gnat warrior may not have
The largest Komau nose.
The horse that has the longest legs
May not be very fast; - ■
.And then, you know, the Bible says
The tint ones shall be last.
Beneath the fiercest vision then
May be a quakiug hen;
And i).- that looks so meelc and mild
May merely play a part.
Hence, don't judge the man who wean
. A tie of naming red;
His wife may buy his lies for him—
If so, enough Is said. *.• —Cleveland Leader.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Sam Singleton— Do you honestly mean to
say that you spend less money since you mar
ried?
Benny Dictus— My dear fellow, I have to.—
Brooklyn Life.
"Bozley, why is it that you never associate
with the Robertses any more?"
"Gracious, man; Roberts is only a plumber.
I'm a bicycle repairer."— Detroit Free Press.
"Air ! air !" gfisped the dying man.
The brave girl heard Him and hesitated not
a moment. Leaping from her wheel she punct
ured both her tires with all posbible haste.—
Detroit News.
Tommy— Here! Don' t you hit me with that
old shoe. Don't you know it's awful bad luck
to hit anybody with a shoe?
Jimmy— ls it? I must tell maw that as soon
as 1 get home.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Have a nice time Thanksgiving?"
"Splendid. I had horrible dreamt all
night."— Cleveland Leader.
Buzzfuzz— ls there much difference between
comic tuid grand opera?
bizzletop (emphatically)— Oh, yes; in comic
opera the actresses wear the startling cos
tumes; in grand opera they are worn by the
ladies in the boxes.— Puck.
She— lt is remarkable what confidence that
Mrs. Storms has in her husband I Believes
everything he says.
He— Well, why should'nt she?
"Why, man, he's a clerk in the weather bu
reau."—Yonkers Statesman.
Hobbs (to friend in restaurant)— l gay,
Nobbs, how's business?
Nobbs— Great; never saw such a rush. No
time to sleip, aud even behind in meals. That
was day beiore yesterday's lunch I just fin
ished.—Tid Bits.
"What's that's queer thing Mrs. Trimble has
about her neck?"
"That's a Watteau ruff. Is that her hus
band with her?"
"Yes."
"Watteau ruff he looks like, too."—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
"I have called," said the young man to the
busy contractor, buried among his papers, "to
propose for the hand of your daughter."
The answer was in storeotyped form and
given without any idea of what the young
man had said: "Send in a sealed proposal,
sir. The lowest bidder gets it."— Detroit Free
Press.
THE CALL'S COURSE APPROVED.
Sisson llirror. ,
The San Francesco Call has recently departed from its established course oJ seeK
ing to exemplify the merits of decent journalism without disapproving attacks^upon
the degrading tenuenciss of some contemporaries. Naturally enough t.ie depar lure
takes the form of a severe rebuke to an opposition daily, tne Examiner, inee
of the Mirror have watched Brother Sliortri-lge's success with The Call from tne : urn
he undertook the management and have approved his course. His I *:*^;
ling news matter without that sensational embellishment which is so niijus t to mdi
viduals and the public, together with the hieh moral tone maintained, soon m ?» cea J*
viperous erowth in circulation and gained The Call a 11^" 0 "' 0 .^ hive not 'been
far the chidings of the Examiner which have appeared in Jhe Call 1 >»' c «« « en
dulled by indications of jealousy, but instead have been apparently the performance
of unwelcome duty as a redeemer of journalistic virtue. i.j..v-,«Hn*
It needs no argument by its contemporary to prove the unreliable, b ackma limr,
degrading character of the "Examiner, but it may be this b!ot upon We t 9tern . Jo"'^?,.J o "'^?,.
ism may be effaced or stained over through the efforts of The Call to echo public
opinion'against the sensational vilifying press. The ventur» is fraught \vitn many
unpleasant obstructions, chief among which is voiced in the o,d saying, me more
the carrion is disturbed the greater the stench," and Mr. Shortndge need not oe
surprised if he discovers that the Examiner's capacity for meanness has never yei
been fully measured. x . . ' . „__
If the crusade of The Call is pursued with vigor and courage the interior ■press
of California, including the Mirror, will earnestly approve its course, and it is nopea
the good taste of the thousands of patrons of San Francisco dailies in California w m
mold a public opinion upon which it will be safe for The Call to rely, bucu a r p suu
would certainly reclaim much of tbe civic prestige lost by California and gain ior
Charles M. Shortridpe the distinctive recognition which we believe he deserves as a
reputable and conscientious managing editor of a morning daily in the vuckea
city of the West."
DOING THE WORK IN A MASTERLY MANNER.
Nevada City Transcript.
The Call is now engaged in the pleasing pastime of excoriating the Examiner, and
it is doing the work in a masterly manner. The poor idiotic Examiner imagined that
it could vilify any one it saw fit, and there would be no back talk. It was mistaken
for once, at least, and The Call is giving it some of its own medicine, and public sen
timent is with The Call. The Call is telling ihe truth on the dirty Examiner, whose
circulation will soon only De equal to tbe number of bawdy houses on the coast, ihe
Call should keep up the good work, with a view of driving the pusillanimous Examiner
out of the field of journalism.
SHOULD BE CONDEMNED BY HONEST READERS.
Palo Alto Times.
The Examiner's attack upon The Call and the Shortridges should be condemned
by every honest newspaper reader. To so far forget its professional dignity as to put
forth such depraved personalities) as the Examiner has been doing; tne past few weeks
cannot but tend to shake the confidence of the public in thatself-styled "Monarch.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Joseph Craig, who used to practice law in
Yolo County, but who for iour years past has
been proprietor of the hotel at Highland
Springs, Lake County, has been in town for
the last day or two and is at the Grand.
Mr. Craig says there have been a great many
tourists at the springs this year. The main
hotel was enlarged by a tront of an additional
150 feet, but that is not enough. It is the pur
pose to add forty or fifty rooms for next season.
"I do not suppose there is another country
in the world or a place of equal size that hag
such a wonderful number ot springs," said Mr.
Craig, >- as Lake County. Everything that can
be thou?ht of is there. Then a great many of
these springs are giving off gas all the time, so
that the air is about as good as the water for
health.
"Take it at Highland Springs, there are
thirty different springs there . with water
from 82 down. Almost any kind of water
JOSEPH CRAIG. One of the Many Hotel
Men of Lake County.
[Sketched from lijc by a " Call " artist.]
that can be thought of is to be had In the
county. There are boiling springs — these of
arsenic, iron, soda, sulphur and everything
conceivable.
"If you take the stage fiom Pieta, on the
railroad, you have but a twelve-mile ride be
fore the Highland Springs ure reached. There
you have mountains on one side and a valley
on the other. Eight miles away is Lnkeport,
on Clear Lake, one of the most beautiful
bodies of water to be found anywhere.
"One reason though that many people like
Lake County is that they get away from rail
roads and off where they can enjoy nature un
trammeltd by the restrictions which steam
and electricity would brine.
"We had a rush of tourists this year, and I
expect many more during the coming season."
Mr. Craig is here on a business trip, and will
soon return.
SUITS FOR BOYS
The jackets of this season have a feature
which will recommend itself to any woman
attempting to make boys' jackets, and that is
the patch pockets, which are made of the ma
terial and fastened with button flap. The but
ton can be either of bone or made of the cloth
of jacket covered over a moid. The four-but-
ton sack coat is the best accepted style for
general wear. The mixed cheviots, cassimere
and homespuns make up well, and for best
suits the same style is followed, though the
fabric is usually a smooth-faced cloth or a dark
diagonal.
The coat buttons moderately high, and
the sleeves should be finished with two or
three buttons at the cuff. Boys' coats are
easier to make than many mothers imagine,
if the cloth is not too heavy. The pressing
and neatly stitched finish are the most diffi
cult points for the home dressmaker.
Whole suits oi the same goods are the best
style, and it is advisable to make or purchase
an extra pair of trousers to every suit, espe
cially for the youngest boy.
"Some folks am treated laike a doah mat,"
says Brother Watkms. "Af tah all -Jere frien's
wipe dere feet on 'em, dey am given de
shake."— Philadelphia Record.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Many English noblewomen are of literary
habits. Three Duchesses— those of Cleveland,
Sutherland and Bedford— have at one time or
another contributed articles to magazines.
The Emperor of Russia offered the order of
St. Andrew to Lord Salisbury during his visit
to Balmoral, but it was declined in accord
ance with the ruie which forbids a British
Minister to accept any foreign decoration.
Miss Winter, fhe English governess who has
been for so many years in charge of Wilhel
mina, the young Queen of Holland, has now
returned to her home in England pensioned
for life to the tune of $2500 per annum, her
salary having been $4000 a year.
M. Boguloboff, the Russian court painter,
who painted the picture of the Russian fleet at
Toulon, presented by Alexander 111 to the
Paris Cercle Militaire, has just died at the age
of 72 years. He caught cold while making
sketches of the arrival of the Czar at Cher
bourg for a picture which Nicholas II had
ordered.
When Dr. Watson first began to write under
.the pen name of lan Maciaren he took every
precaution to prevent his identity from being
known, and In fact only his publisher knew
who lan Maclaren was. But Professor George
Adam Smith, Watson's friend and classmate,
at once decided from the style that Dr. Watson
was the author and sent him a teiegram of
congratulation.
Though Mrs. McKinley is an invalid the
state of her health is not such as to prevent
her from taking the prominent but not labori
ous part in Washington social life that
naturally falls to the President's wife. She
has endured very well the excitement of the
last few months and has received a multitude
of visitors so large that many stronger women
would have hesitated to undertake a task half
as onerous.
Letters From the People*
EQUAL SUFFRAGE IN FACT.
How the Women of Henver Exercised
Their Xetely Acquired JCiylit
to Vote.
To the Editor of the Call — Sir: Will you
kindly present to your readers the inclosed
extract from an article by Mrs. Clara B. Colby,
editor Woman's Tribune. Washington, D. C,
who went to Denver last mouth on purpose to
observe the voting of women.
Ida A. Harper.
The extract referred to in the above com
munication is as follows:
The voting of our party over, we hurried
back, and then an opportunity was provided
lor the domestics to tuke their turn. My
iriend has' always personally managed every
detail ior the comfort of her large household,
and felt she had enough to do without taking
part in politics. Now, however, she votes,
because she considers it her duty, and she
does it with the same cousciencious zeal tnat
cuamcterizes all her actions, aud withal she
seemed to enjoy it.
After the wiieeis of household affairs were
set going for the day we went to various poll
ing places; not to all, tor there were over 100
iv the cuy, but certainly to more than half
that number. At almost all there were women
to be seen inside and going and coming. In
one a neighbor held a baby while its mother
voted. There was occasionally a woman judge
or inspector. At an appointed time my friend
gave up her carriage to the use oi a sick lady,
who was determined to get up from her bed to
go' to the polls, and, helped by three of her
triends, she made the effort without being
injured. Other instances of women prizing
their vote came to my notice afterward. On
the train leaving Denver, aiter the election, I
heard women talking about having delayed
tneir departure in order to vote.
One snid her husband was then employed in
Minnesota. He hud sent her a ticket to join
him which would compel hur to leave Denver
Monday night beiore election. But she went
to the agent and told him he must telegraph
and get the time extended, for she would for
feit her ticket rather than lo.se her chance to
vote. In District D, one of the most aristo
cratic of Capitoi Hill, 571 women registered
and 570 voted, and iv the proportion of two
women to one man. I met a great many
women during the day and evei.ing, and I
only found one who had notvoiei); and she
deeply regretted her failure to register aud j
consequt-m Ineligibility.
1 saw no disorder or disturbance of any |
kind, although we were ct.reful to drive i
through the worst parts ot the city. The
polling-places in these parts were as quiet and j
respectable looking as any other.
The city was much quieter than on ordin
ary business day*, as nuaiy of the firms closed
part of the day, and tneir employes went to j
their suburban homes to vole. Country ti attic I
ami thiTrailroad travel were very light. Every- i
body staved in his own place to vote, aud
Denver, the bustling metropolis of the Rockies,
wore almost k Sunday espect. It wou.d re
quire the magic of Aladdin's iamp to conjure
up anything disagreeable or injurious as lie
compiiuyi'.ig or arising Irom the voting of
women in Colorado, and me testimony of I
thoso who hMve been able to compare elections
before and since proves that much of the pres
ent good order is the result of their voting,
aud of the good regulations which have been
made in view oi iheir presence at the po. ls.
So much, at least, there has been of diiect gain
to the community. Then there has been an
immense gain to women theime.ves.
Their leading women nave ceased to be pre
eminently society women, and have become
conscious of their citizenship, with all its obli
ptttioiis. The Woman's Club numbers over
GOO, and its conduct is systematic, par.iamen
tary, considers. c and diguifjed. The mem
bers are becoming strong and self-poised.
They look on life with a broader outlook.
The legal department of the club spent the
whole of last sea-on in studying three bills
which they wished presented to the Legisla
ture, and the manner in which they made
themselves masters of the provisions of tne*
bills a,nd their possible outcome led ihe Cham
ber of Commerce to request .hern to take up
a proposed new city charter for consideration.
Not only this, but a cnarter prepared in the
'University ol Denver for the students has
Lieen scut to tne club ior study.
Surely a condition which stimulates women
to take an interest in all matters pertaining
to good government, ana which wins for tnem
the rt-spectful attention of the best men as
valued coadjutors, must be for the benefit of
any community.
ALASKA'S BOUNDARY LINE.
New York Tribune.
After the Venezuelan boundary is carefully
riveted down so that it will stay in one place,
it will be time to mark out the Alaskan line so
that the British official can see it without spec
tacles. At present he comes across it wnere
there are any valuable mineral deposits, and
levies a tax upon our miners before h- will
allow them to pick up the gold which tiea
around on their own territory. It is obvious
enough thrt the frontier, in spots, a». Im.st,
requires a more visible and precise definition
tlmu the Boundary Commission hai given it.
We have as yet «<> occasion to join the wolfs
long howl on Oonalaska's shore In resentmsat
of anything which our neighbors have dma,
anu probably will not have, but the line ousjht W
to be bl'zei anew wlitn it runs through" 1 or *
near territory wilb anything valuable on it.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENT.
Leadyills.— A. S,, City. The altitude of
Leadville, Lake County, Colo., Is 10,200 feet
above the level of the sea.
No Premium— M. S., Oakland, Cal. A ha.f
dollar of the United States or tne issue of 1»19
does not command any premium.
Prelate— lnquirer, City. A prelate is an
ecclesiastical dignitary bavinpr authority over
other clergyrneu, as an archbishop, a bishop
etc.
Highest Railroad— A. S., City. The highest
railroad station in the Old World i? on the
lineof the Brierszer Rothhornbuhu, the Alpine
railway of Switzerland". The altitude
feet.
The Same Max— -W. J. It., City. The Geor?
Thistleton who oDtained a warrant for ta e
arrest of Rev. P. C. Yorke for libel is the same
individual who at ono time published i c
Jolly Uiant in this City.
The Pivot Blow— S., Vnllejo, Cal. Kelther
Jimmy Carroll nor "Sailor" Brown can lay
any claim to the introduction of the pivot
blow in boxintt matches, it was Intri
by George La Blunehe and is known i
"swingiug blow."
Fitzsimmons— Subscribers, City. Bob Fi ■?..
simruons came to the United States in
His first fight, on American soil was .
Francisco, May 29 of that yenr, with Bi :.-
McCarthy. It was a nine-round tight and
Fiiz-simmons won.
Typewriting — Student, City. The price
charged for typewriting: from dictation is 10
cents tier folio of 100 words. For taking down
matter in shorthand notes and transcribing
the same by means of a typewriter, the pri> - B
is 30 cents per folio.
Bones op the Skull— Student, Sierra City,
Cal. It is stated that beans have been used b.vi
anatomists to sepurate the bones of the skuuA
It is said that tne skull is filled with beans *.#
is then put in water. The beans swell &ny
cause the skull to part at the sutures.
Bishop Newman — Inquirer, City. Bishop
John P. Newman of the Metnodist Episcopal
church accompanied the remains of the de
ceased son of the late Leland Stanford on tho
journey across the comment in 1885, and it
was he who preached the funeral sermon at
the service held in Grace Church in this City.
He was assisted by Bishop Kip aud the Rev.
Dr. Foute. At that time he was not a Bishop,
but a noted Methodist divine.
Marriage After Divorce— A. 8., City. In
the State of New York while the party obtain
ing the divorce lives the other party cannot
marry again iv that State, but may go to an
other State for that purpose and immediately
after marriage return. A marriage that is
valid in the place where It is contracted is
valid everywhere. A marriage on the high sea
by the roaster of a vessel is considered a valid
marriage. Tne first pnrt of this answer is a
complete one to your question.
Amendments— L. S., Pescadero, Cal. The
official figures show that the amendments
that carried at the election in November In
the State of California were No. 2, authorizing
elections by ballot or such other secret method
rs may be permitted by law, and No. 5, which
enlarge* the provisions which may be made
by freeho.deu' charters, relating to police
courts, Police Commissioners, Boards ot Edu
cation and Elections, and providing for the
election of county officers in consolidated
cities and counties. I'lie amendment on le
male suffrage whs defeated by 26.600 votes.
Popcorn loose aud on strings. Townsend's.*
Large, handsome basket and lour pounds of
our lamous broken candy, 50c. Townsend's. •
Time to send your Eastern friends Cal. glace
fruits, 50c lb. ; handsome bkts. Townsend's. *
4 lbs. famous broken candy, handsome bkts.,
50c. Townsend's, I'aiac-,- building. •
Popcorn, loose, sugared and on strings.
Townsend's, 627 Market st.. Palace bldg. •
Fpkctal Information daily to manufactur3r\.
business houses and public men by the Praii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery, 'i
Prince Ranjitsinhj/s success in cricket ir.J
England has stirred up the pride of Indians"
especially Bengalese, and it is already an
nounced that tour players, two from Patna
and two from Calcutta, will arrive in England
in time to play next season.
rhllllps* Kock Island ficnrsionn
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande and Rock Island Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston- For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation]
and further. Information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Hock Island Kali way, 80 Mom.
gomery street, tan F raacUeo.
Our habits tend to kill the hair and turn It pray
too early. Save the color anil beauty of your hair
by usiDg Parker's Hair Balsam.
"Brown's Bronchial Troches" are of great
service In subduiDg Hoarseness and Coughs.
Sold only in boxes. Avoid imitations.
Dr. Siegkrt's Angostura Bitters, a pure ve<e
taole tonic, makes health and health makes bright,
rosy cheeks and happiness.
Aykr'b Pill?, taken in doses of one, dally, after
dinner, admirab.y regulate the digestive and
assimilative organs. Buy them and try them.
Magistrate— What is the charge against this
young woman?
Officer— Carrying concealed arms, yer Honor.
Magistrate— Eh? Where are they?
Officer— Somewhere inside her big sleeves,
yer Honor.— Town Topics.
HEW TO-DAY.
Keep up hope. There are
thousands of cases where re-
covery from Consumption
has been complete. Plenty
of fresh air and a well-nour-
ished body will check the
progress of the disease. Nu-
tritious foods are well in their
way, but the best food of all
is Cod-liver Oil. When
partly digested, as in Scott's
Emulsion, it does not dis-
turb the stomach and the
body secures the whole bene-
fit of the amount taken. If
you want to read more about
it let us send you a book.
SCOTT & BOWNE, New Yom
OUfITGOES.iI
Front, near Wa-hington sts.— before mov-
ing day. Come early— we are crowded.
Bhoc8 hoc Brushes lor Men 5c
Counter Brushes, any size 8c
Splint Lunch Ba-k-ts 5o
Ninrking Brushes, best quality 3c
Lunch Baskets, German palm 15c
10-qt. Sauiepans, shop- worn 15c
Wire Clothes Lines. 100 sect 15a
White Lined Cooking Bowls ii 6*
Puper Wash Basins tF
Graniie Di opera, closing Me
Pierced Ladles, heavy tin ....... 5c
Carpet Sweepers, Crown 75c
Carpet Sweepers, Toy 45c
AimaShoe Polish 10c
Royal Shoe Dressing 5 C
Universal Stove Polish 2o
Bargains in every room.SATURDAY ""DECEMBER 19, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Bax-bttin- Thxatkr -The Brownie?.
Columbia Ihvatjlk The Co. ton Kins."
3 <b«x us CpKKA-Hocsfc.- • The ire Patrol."
Alcazar Totcatkb "Alabama
Tivoi.i Opkka House.— -Jack and The Bean-
Okphkvm— High-Class Vaudeville.
th?w\ mT " I L, STRItST ****«■—" The Queen ot
the Plains." Monday evening. December SO.
Saratoga Halu— Masquerade Ball.
it CCC C « ITHI< MYM VA E<idy and Mnson sts.-Prof. O.
It Uleaaon, Monday, December 21.
wl\ H hr l BUTKS AND Skating Rixk.— Dally at
Halght Mre«. one block east of he Park.
>vtro Baths— Bathing and performances.
1 A « LAN d Race Track.— Rac»-g to-day.
AUCTION lAL..S.
Tv Spixiva?k iCDoylk— December 22.
Horses and Buggies, etc., at 1818 Pacific avenue,
•til o'clock. • .
oo B X., E Sl ] ojr & Klbribgk.— Tuesday. December
11, OH Paintings and Sketches, in Maple Hall,
Palace Lotel, at 2:30 and 7 :75 p. m.
111 1 Fabton a- i ldridok.— Tuesday, December
2?, Real Estate, at salesrooms, 638 Market st
.• at 1 2 o'clock. • ''
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair, Saturday— Local Forecast Official Ham
mon.
Maedalnna Flores, who was born in this City
in 1840, died yesterduy.
Friends of sport are talkin? of giving Bob
Fiizsimruons n complimentary benefit.
The case of L. A. Peterson against J. D.
SrrecKds <fc Bros, will be- resumed next Mon
day.
A. N. Braun, n carpenter, fell from the new
ferry depot building yesterday morning and
died a short time alter.
The winning horses at the Oakland track
yesterday were: Seaside, Manzanillo, Aquinas,
Doj(le and Strathmeath.
The little ferry-boat El Capitan is back on
the narrow-gauge route. The Enciual broke
her breast beam and is again laid up."
The Supreme Court hus granted a new trial
in the libel suit of John W. Turner against
William E. Hearst upon technicalities.
Jack Davis' benefit at the Grove-street Tnea
ter last night was a failure financially, only
about a hundred persons being present.
The movement to build a monument to
Robert Burns, to be placea in Goiden Gate
Park, is qulisting much interest among Amer
ican-Scots.
The regatta at Sausalito to-day promises to
be a great success. All the British ship cap
tains have entered boats and some close con
tests are expected.
The commercial travelers of this coast pro
pose holding a fair here next year to endow
beds in every hospital ol the State lor indigent
ana aged travelers.
Winfield Scott has filed a suit against W. W.
Belviii and \V. McMullin Belvin to collect
$1898 due on a judgment heretolore secured
against the defendants.
A committee of the People's party have pre
pared a statement of fundamentals for a pro
posed new charter. It contains many novel
and interesting suggestions.
The John Swett Grammar School defeated
the Crocker Grammar School in a football
match played at Central Park yesterday atter
noon, the score being 10 to 6.
The Christmas fe.-Uval of St. Mary's
Cathedral Sunday-school was held last even
ing at National Hail, on Ellis street, near
.folk. It was an artistic success.
The Police Commissioners last evening made
four appointments to the police force. Bar
nard Judge, William Isaacs, George F, Scott
and John Jordan were the appointees.
The Labor Council last evening voted to ac
cept the report of the executive committee
concerning the iabor directory and adopted
the recommendations contained therein.
. At the Geary-street temple Rev. M. S. Levy
last night de.ivered the last of his series of
lectures on "The Jew in Fiction." His sub
ject was Georse Eliot's "Daniel Deronda."
G. W. Robinson of Mendocino County told
the Grand Jury yesterdiiy how he was swin
dled out o. $1500 by a land transaction in
which parlies in this City were concerned.
Nelson A. Primus' replica painting of
"Christ Beiore Pilate" was exhibited yester
day in the Columbia Theater. It is a large
canvas, containing liie-size ligures, as in me
Original.
The Children's Home-finding Society bazaar
at I'M Sutter street will cose to-night. One
home. ess baby will be taken to the country
to-any, and there will be another one on view
at the Lazanr.
Judge Belcher and County Clerk Curry held
a consultation in regard to exhibits in crim
inal trials, and practically agreed that the
articles shall remain in the possession of tne
clerk of the court.
The case of Father Yorke, charged with
Criminally libeling George Thistleton. was dis
missed on preliminary examination before
Judge Campbeil yeste rday on the grounds ol
Insufficiency of the compi-aint.
The athletic field day at the Presidio yester
day, at which tho rank and file of the post in
termixed, was productive of much enthusiasm,
not only as between the contestants, but also
the spectators, both military and civil.
There is strong opposition in Richmond dis
trict to the extension of Sutter street through
the cemetery. A vote of thanks was extended
the Board o, Supervisors by a citizen meeting
last night for postponing ni*^ action ior sixty
days.
The Valley road is considering the proposi
tion of at once inaugurating a regular passen
ger service between San Francisco and all
points as far south as Fresno, with every prob
ability that such service will be given the
public.
B-.-rtha Drews has, according to Superintend
ent Smiley of the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society,
been kidnaped trom that institution, and tie
wili apply ior a writ of habeas corpus in the
Supreme Court to recover possession of his lost
charge.
The bark S. C. Allen was the only vessel that
crossed the bar uraided and without accident
durii.g the recent southeaster. Captain
Thomeson poured twenty gallons of oil from
the majn rigging and it acted like magic ou
the troubled waters.
- The Grand Jury yesterday decided to inves
tigate the assignment to brokers of warrants
drawn to pay jurors for services rendered.
William Johnson claims that a warrant is-ued
for him was assigned by another man named
-. Johnson to a broker.
Large shipments of wool are expected by
every steamer from Australia for the next
three months. When McKfnley is President
and protection the order of the day the duty
on wool will be restored and the merchants
East are taxing time by the forelock.
Abe Warner, one time proprietor of the
famous "Cobweb saloon" at North Beach, died
in poverty on Thursday evening at his shanty
on Francisco street, near the site of the o,d re
sort. The iuneral will take place from Gray's
undertaking establishment on Sunday at
1 P. M.
The Supreme Court has made an order for
the reversal of ihe order by the Supprior Court
which disso.ved the injunction restraining
Crane, the collector of the Turlock Irrigation
•District, from s'-'llini; the lands of stockholders
in the district because they failed to pay an
assessment for interest on oondsof the district.
Joseph Garcia, convicted of assault with a
deadly weapon, was yesterday sentenced by
Judge Wallace io serve ten years at hard labor
in the State prison ut San Quentin. Frank L.
BtockiiiZ. who admitted that lie committed
perjury by swearing to the value of property
that he did not own in executing a straw bond,
whs also sentenced to ten years in San Quen
'tin.
NEW 10-DAY
The , reason you don
complain of your tea is
you don't know good tea
You are only acquainted
with trash. The worst te;
in the world is sold to thib
country. '•.../
Schillings Best is chan-
ging all that.
If you don't like it, your
grocer returns your money
in full.
/ . ■ .■ . .• . ■■ ■
A Schilling St. Company ■ ' 0
SanFraacisco ;.»» 6 :
The British Bark Dalrymple and the American Bark S. C Alien Both Made the Bar Last Sunday. The Former "Was in Tow,
but the Hawser Parted, and the Captain Put to Sea Again. The Allen Was Flying Light, but by Pouring Oil
From the Main Rigging Captain Thompson Managed to Bring His Vessel In Without Shipping an Ounce of
Water. The Dalrymple Got In Yesterday in Tow of the Reliance.
POURING OIL ON
TROUBLED WATERS
The Experience of Captain
Thompson on a Break
ing Bar.
The Bark S. C. Allen Came in
S" afely While the Dalrymp'e
Put to Sea.
Oil Poured From the Main R gging of
the Bark Prevented the Waves
From Breaking Aboard.
There was oil poured on the troubled
waters last Sunday and in consequence
the bar off the Golden Gate when breaking
wa3 robbed of its terror for one ship at
least. One vessel struck on a reef in the
north channel. The second parted the
hawser she had attached to a tug and had
to make sail and stand out to sea, but the
thir i used oil on the breakers and sailed
in unaided.
The British ship Gentesima, in tow of
the Reliance, was the vessel that came in
through the north channel, and the bark
Dalrymple was in tow. of the Sea Witch.
The hawser could not stand the strain,
and when it parted the Dalrymple was
headed out for sea again. Last Thursday
the Reliance picked her up and towed her
into por. The S. C. Allen was coming in
from Honolulu, and when Captain Thomp
son saw the state of the bar he at once or
dered two men witn oiloags into the main
rigging. All around the bark the waves
were rolling mountain high and every one
was a breaker. When the oil was poured
in a continuous stream overboard the
waves riat'eued down in a great measure
and the break disappeared. Over twenty
gallons of oil was poured over the sides of
the vessel and in consequence the Allen
came in with dry decks. The Centesima
and Dalrymple were under water half the
time and both of the captains say they
never saw a worse bar. The Allen was
flying light, and yet with the aid of oil
she sailed in and made good time.
Captain Thompson will not go out on
the Allen again and his pUce has been
taken by Captain Johnson, late chief offi
cer of the vessel, 'ihe former will take
the steamer Scray, now being built for tue
Inter-Island bteam Navigation Company,
to Honolulu, and on his arrival there will
as-ume command of the fine iron bark R.
P. Rithet.
The little ferry steamer El Capitan is
back again on the iiarrow-gauge route
and the Encinal Ik once more laid
up for repairs. Thursday last the big boat
was caught by the wind and tide and
thrown so hard against the slip that her
breast beam broke. It will take nearly
a week to put in a new one and in the
meantime pas engera to and from Ala
meda will have to put up with the crowd
ing that occurs at certain hours of tlie day
on the smaller boat.
The captains and pilots of San Fran
cisco have a grievance. Thry complain
that men without licens s are allowed to
bring vessels in from sea and take them
up tho r.ver. Further they assert that
many well-known skippers and first offi
cers are either color blind or sdortsich ed,
and then point to the fact that while in
the East every master mariner has to sub
mit to an eyesight test, here nothing is
done in that line. "Color-blindness and
short sight have been responsible for a
great many wrecks that bave occurred re
cently," said one of the captains yester
day. "In one instance I know positively
t: at the mate was nearsighted, and prob
ably the loss of the vessel will be placed
on him. It is time the insurance com
panies made some move in the matter, as
they are the parties most interested."
The election of McKinley and the con
sequent protection tc American indus
tries has begun to maice itself lelt already.
Wool will almost certainly be taxed, and
merchants in the East are hastening to
get all of the article they can from Aus
tralia before Cleveland stens down and
out. The steamer Manposa brought a
very large consignment, all for Boston,
and every steamer that leaves Sydney
during the next three months will bring
big shipments. By bringing the wool in
now the merchants will save whatever tax
may be placed on it later on.
AH the steam whalers in Oakland Creek
are being got ready for next season's
cruise. Several changes among the cap
tains will be made. Captain McGregor of
the Orca has forsaken his allegiance to the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company and will
THE SAN FRACNISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
CROSSING A BREAKING BAR.
go out next March as master of the Kar
luk. Captain Sherman, the father of the
only white child ever born off the mouth
of the McKenzie River, will go out on the
Orca, and the chauces are that Captain
Williams will take the Beluga. Just what
will be done with the Baelena remains to
be seen. If she is laid up for the season,
however, nobody will be surprised.
Captain Fred Nelson will bring the
Rattler over from Oakland Creek in a
few days and will fit her out for a sealing
cruise on the coast, after which he will
make for Japan. Nelson is one of the
most expert hunters in California and he
almost invariably brings back a good
catch.
Captain Gus Schlehan left last night for
Tacoma to join the Chilean bark Lake
Leman as first officer. The vessel is ready
to sail for Chile and only awaits the
arrival of Schlehan in order to start on
the voyage. The captain has been
specially engaged and will receive a better
salary than any chief officer on the Pacific
Coast.
No attempt will be made to get the
steam schooner Bessie X off the south
spit in Coquilie River this winter. She is
in a sale piare and no damage can come
to her. After the storms are over she will
be hauled off and once more put in com
mission. The crew will be brought to San
Francisco and paid off, and in future the
Bessie X will be in charge of a watchman.
Kentneld it Co. have latterly been
dumping rubbish into an open space on
Steuart street. Yesterday Chief Engineer
Holmes of the Harbor Commission ordered
the carters to stop and next Tuesday he
intends laying the matter before the Com
missioners. Kentfield & Co. have built a
retaining wall to keep the rubbish from
drifting into the bay and they assert that
the Commissioners in consequence have
no jurisdiction.
The steam schooner Point Arena from
Point Arena has been considerably de
layed by tne southeaster. She should
have arrivtd last Thursday, but the
chances are it will be this afiernoon before
she gets In.
The Czarina from here for Coos Bay is
also behind time, but she probably has
been delayed from the same cause. The
Czarina will be due heie next Monday on
the reiurn trip of her maiden voyage.
The British ship captains are preparing
for a great celebration at Sausalito to-day.
There will be a regatta and a sociai on
board the Glenesslin afterward. Nearly
every vessel in port has a boat entered in
the races and some exciting contests are
expected. Captain Powles will be the
starter, but the referee vill not be an
nounced until an hour before the races be
gin. The winners are expected to come
from either the Travancore, Granada or
Glenesslin. The latter vessel w:ll be the
flagship and boats will be at the landing
at Sausalito to carry guests to the various
vessels in Richardson's Bay.
Christmas Town Talk.
By far the handsomest number yet
issued by Town Talk, which excels in
handsome numbers, is the one which
comes to hand this week in Christmas
garb. Especial care has been exercised in
its artistic, editorial and literary features,
and the result is a superb piece of journal
istic enterprise for the sum of 10 cents.
There are forty pages, printed on finely
coated paper and embellished with beami
i'il half-tone portraits of buds, belles and
matrons in San Francisco's Four Hun
dred. Town Talk is, by the way, the only
weekly thai issues its Christmas edition
from its own press and types. Amone its
attractions are special articles by John
Bonner, James H. Hamilton, The Graph
ologist, Miss Olga Block, Mrs. Karl
Formes and others; storiei by Thpo. F.
Bonnet, Liliian Fe-guson, Alice Ziska,
Kate Clark Brown, Geor-e E. Lask, Sarah
Williamson and Ernest L. Phillips; verse
by Lucius H. Foote. Eila M. fcexton,
Juiiette Estelie Mathis, W. W. Anderson
anrl A. L. McNab; a complete resume of
important events in society, musical,
literary and dramatic circles; crisp, in
teresting storiettes by the Saunterer about
the Baldwin-Hobart feud,, a laughable
wedding incident and other timely sub
jects too varied for mention. Forty-lour
pages; 10 cents per copy. At all news
dealers. •
A Victory for the Sailura.
District Judge Morrow rendered an inter
esting decision yesterday in the case of Wil
liam Hogau and others against the bark J. D.
Peters and her master. Captain J. M. J!a»kcl:.
The libelnnts were sailors who fh.ppea at
Port Towusend for a trip to Alaska and back to
San Francisco. Tne sailors claimed that aside
from the goods furnished by the ship out of
tue slop chest tnoy wore entitled to wages
aggregating $783 20, notwithstanding their
allotment of .f25 per man. which their utior
ney said was illegal under the act of 1895
known as the Macuire act.
Judge Morrow holds differently and that
allotments are different from advancements,
which are illegal. He decided that the nine
sailors were entitled to a lump sum of $558 20
besides their allotments already secured.
Judge Morrow rttled that the sailors had been
overcharged by the captain for their allot
ment^, goods taken from the slop chest, and
said that in many instances the captain over
charged from 300 to 400 per cent His de
cision was virtually a victory for the sailors.
t.entV Holiday Clothing.
Gents' all-wool suits, $0 upward. A fine
line of sample overcoats at half price. We can
Fuit everybody's pocket. Call and see us. The
Old I X L, L. V. Merle, proprietor, corner
Kearny at;d Commercial streets and corner
Sixth and Mission streets. •
GRAND JURY GETS
TOO MUCH JOHNSON
Two of That Name Cause
a Complication in Its
Warrants.
Apprised of the Facts by the
Judiciary Committee of the
Supervisors.
Hints Dropped That Bogus Assign*
ments by the Job Lot H ive Been
Made to Brokers.
William Johnson of the Mission roared.
The roar was caused by the discovery that
another William Johnson had signed his
name to a warrant of $54 for jury fees.
What made the roar ioud and prolonged
was tne further discovery that payment of
the sum called for in the warrant had
been assigned to M. M. G. Harding. The
roar made a sensation at the City Hall late
yesterday afternoon and so frigntened the'
Judiciary Committee Of Supervisors that
the signing of warrants was suspended,
iti looking over his accounts John A.
Russell, clerk of the board, found that
$21,000 had been disbursed since last
August in payment of jury fees.
The Judiciary Committee and the clerk
of the board deemed it wise to apprise
the Grand Jury of the irregularity, inas
much as Johnson had made the statement
that his case was only one of a dozen of a
similar nature.
Frederick K. Hobbs of the Grand Jury
detailed William L. Ashe, Rob rt Haight,
E. P. Farnswortli and Harry W. Goodail
to visit the Judiciary Committee. The
jurors returned and alter consultation a
message was sent to Chief Crowley asking
that a detective be sent to the Grand Jury.
Detective Eagan was advised to report to
Messrs. Goodail and Farnsworth.
After receiving instructions from the
jurors the detective went to John A. Rus
sell and obtained the facts concerning the
warrant irregularity. He also obtained
the warrant in favor of William Johnson,
giving a receipt to the clerk thereior.
The Grand Jury to-day will heai Detective
Eaeran's report.
Mr. Russell was not alarmed by the
statements made by Johnson, and neither
is he convinced that wholesale frauds
have been committed in the signing of
naroes, transferring warrants to brokers
for collection. Yet he deemed it wise to
suspend operations for the present. John
son s assertion that his own experience
was that of a dozen others was somewhat
surprising and suggested an investiga
tion. The warrants :or jury services come
from the County Clerk's office and are re
turned to that office when approved by
the Board of Supervisors.
Harry Piper, chief deputy in the County
Clerk's office, was interviewed for The
Cail after the matter had been placed in
the hands of Defective Eagan. He said
the Supreme Court decision ot last August
upholding the fee bill of 1895 caused a
swarm of brokers to come forth. Men
HEW TO-OAT.
What Ails You ?
TirANY PEOPLE COMPLAIN OF FEELING OUT OF SORTS jIN VARIOUS
. ■*"- ways and yet are not able to tell what causes it. 'They do; not feel bad enough to
take a course of medical treatment, but know that something is wrong. Of course,
something needs attention, for no one feels bad without a
u/^^^??^^^W&L^,cau"se,and^hereij'where Dr. Sanden proves his great value.
*l^\wM^f^^^Kj^W^^ has the faculty, of telling his patients what the trouble
O.^^mSMKOSf^9^4n^ St an< * the bone ' it ,' to advise them for their benefit. Often
n&\ELCCTRIC B£LTi^V||it is only a little \ nerve trouble, .which can be cured in a!
UfT»^2^^^^^^^»ut/ few weeks with Dr. Sanden's famous Electric Beit, or it
>?«?*tQ^i may be the forebodings of serious complications ; which re-
V^f*S^BS?^r> / quire hasty action. In either case Dr. Sanden will frankly i
■'* % guide his patient to renewed health. : He has* had thirty
years' experience in medical practice and knows disease in all its forms. He charges
nothing for examination and advice personally, or by mail, and if he ■ says i the Dr.
Sanden Electric Belt will cure he will give the i patient the benefit, free of charge, of
his 'personal attention until the cure is completed. .* . ' ■<'< >' ; • ■
This is the great advantage gained in using Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt— yon use it
under a physician's direction. He is an expert in medicine and an expert in medical
electricity. It is unsafe to use electricity in any other way. ' The book, "Three Classes
of Men," tells all about Dr. Sandon'o system. It is sent, closely sealed, by wail, free.
S-A.IXrX>U3?J" ELiEOTHIO 00.,
632 ; MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, i SAN i ANCISCO.
. Office ' hours BA.■M. ; to SaBO P. M. ; Sundays 10 ' to 1. v Offices . at ; Los Angela*, Cal," 204
80. Broad Tray ; Portland, Or., 253 Washington nl ' lij I. ' '. ti i ' Ji JI m I jffl ' \±^MMuLU^£Jm^jMJJl£c
«oXi£.— AUJte no mistake la the number— 332 Market street.
| who had served on the jury as far back as
I last March were traced out from the court
records. For examDle, a juror who had
served twenty days would be offered $20
tor his claim." To many tnis offer was like
finding so much money, as they did not
know that any amount was due them.
An assignment in the presence of a notary
was readily male and the broker collected
the money. The amount allowed for
twenty days is $40.
Mr. Piper explained that the system
which had been established in the County
Clerk's office was a sure check against
double payment and against payment to
any person who had not performed jury
service. "This case," said Mr. Piper,
"which is now being investigated by the
Judiciary Committee and the Grand Jury,
is easily explained. There are two William
Johnsons. One lives at the Mission and
the other is in business down on Market
street. Thr Johnson on Market street got
the warrant which belongs to Johnson of
the Mission, and assigned payment to M.
M. G. Harding. I have made a memoran
dum to hold the warrant, and have sent
for Harding and both of the Johnsons.
"You would be surprised," said Mr.
Piper, "at the number oi brokers engaeed
in this business. In the $21,000 disbursed
I do not think any of the money has been
paid out to persons who were not entitled
to receive it." ,
Mr. .Piper went with the reporter to one
of the courtrooms to explain the system
followed by the courtroom clerks. For
example, if a juror in June bad served
twenty clays in the court of which Oscar
Tolle is clerk that juror goes to Mr. Tolle
and asks for his time. Mr. Tolle gives
him a slip of paper on which is written
the number ol days of jury service per
formed, and designates each day of'the
month in which jury duty was performed
by the applicant.
This slip of paper is taken to the
chief clerk, who enters the record in the |
warrant-bock. The warrants are then
made out and approved by the County
Clerk and sent to the Board of Super
visors. The warrant stub also shows the
amount, the name and the number. When
approved by the Supervisors the warrants
come back to the County Clerk. When
the warrant is finally delivered a receipt
is taken from the person in who>e favor it
is drawn or from the broker to whom it is
assigned.
Before this system was established
brokers had blank warrants printed and
assignments executed before a notary. The
Grand Jury may be able to improve the
system of certifying the number of days
which the juror served. The time certi
ficate should be signed by the Judge on
the bench as well 83 by'the clerk of the
court.
AFTER THE NEW MAP.
Members of the Grand Jury tailed
Upon the Supervi«ors in Kegard
to the Matter.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors received a call yesterday
from M^ssrs.Haieht and Farnswortli of the
Grand Jury in reference io the new City
map, which the jury recommended that
the board refuse to accept. The jurymen
were inquisitive about certain streets that
had been expunged from the map and
other particulars about which they had
found fault.
City and County Attorney Creswell was
present to explain any legal points that
might not be clear to Mesßrs. Farnsworth
and Haight and after a couple of hours'
talk they left apparently satisfied with
the explanations given.
A Maniac's Leap
Lee Ching, an insnne Chinaman, took off his
clothe- an 4 jumped irom the upper window
at ]005V£ Stockton street yesterday morning.
He w: s taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
he was found to be suffering so severly from
concussion ot the brain and spine that he can
not live.
FELL SIXTY FEET
TO HIS DEATH
A. F. Braun, a Carpenter,
Knocked From the
Ferry Depot.
He Was Struck by the Swing
ing of a Large Derrick
Bcom.
Scarcely a Bone in His Body Was
Who!e After Striking the Rock
Foundation.
Alonzo F. Braun, foreman of the car
penters employed on the new ferry build
ing at the foot of Market street, met
with a shocking deatli yesterday morn
ing. He fell from a high girder a distance
of sixty feet from the foundation, and
when ha struck his skull was burst open.
In his fall the unfortunate man hit the
iron girders and floor beams of two floors,
and scarcely a bone in his body escaped
whole. He died before reaching the Re
ceiving Hospital, and the wonder is that
he lived as long as he did.
On the north wing of the depot the iron
frame work has been completed for several
days, and a number of carpenters were set
to work to build a tramway for cars to
carry material to the masons. On the
end of this a large derrick was erected to
hoist the stone to the roof.
Here it was that Braun, familiarly
known as Brown, was standing. He was
fastening the guyrope of a swinging boom
to the derrick.
In some manner that no one seemed to
be able to explain the rope slipped and the
boom swung around, striking the man a
heavy blow. He was knocked from the
girder upon wnich he was standing and a
few seconds later his body struck heavily
upon the artificial stone foundation sixty
feet below. In his downward flight the
man's body struck several heavy iron
beams. Braun struck upon the back of
bis head bursting open his skull.
A telephone message summoned the
ambulance irom the Receiving Hospital,
but it was fully half an hour before the
vehicle arrived. The man was still alive,
but unconscious. He died soon after
reaching the hospital and his body was
sent to the Morgue.
Braun was a 6in«le man, about 55 years
of age and he lived at 515>^ Bush street.
Good Wishes From McKinley.
The Woman's State Central Republican Club
■;^::Z HEW TO-DAY.
HIGH
and DRY.
No danger of wet feet in any weather.
Buckingham & Hecht's Nova Scotia Seal
Cord Sole Shoes are guaranteed absolutely
water-proof under all conditions.
. Every Genuine Pair Stamped
BUCKINGHAM & HKCIir.
PRICES— With Cork Soles.
Men's 1.................:... .....5500
Ladies'. .....$450
Without Cork Soles.
Ladies' ......................... $3 50
Boys' . ... 11 to 2, $2 50; 2% to 6, $3 00
Misses' ...... ... 11 to 2, $1 75 and $2 50
Chi1dren'5............. ..6 to 7^, $125
. ...8 to 10K. $1 50 aud $2 00
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full Line of Buckingham Si
0 Hecht's Kino Shoes.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
KEW TO-L AT— AMUSEMENTS.
O'Farrell Street, ween Stockton and yoirill.'
. Matinee To-Day (Saturday),' Dec. 19.
Parquet, any seat, i'sc; UMcony. any sea*., Ui
Children, 10c, any par:.
ANOTHER QRcAT COnEDY NOVELTY,
Joseph l'lujitf's Pantomime Company.
A Big London Hit v *
AND THE TALK OF THE TOWN HERE.
20— Oreiit Vaudeville Stars— JO
Last Night of SIUART and ROMALO BROS.
' Next wees, NBMon'a r.uropean Aerial Haih't (the
original flying ballet) in conjunction with Kiralfy'a
Graml Opera Billet of s fifty Coryphees and live
Premieres— the grandest ballet ever produced In
Calliornia.: • ' .*
Last Times— Mat. To-day— .Most Emphatic Success
••ALABA3IA! '
By .Augustus lhorrißS.
' SPECIAL, ENGA6£H£NT OF ■-'•. ■:.
O'-'OKtili OSBOI RNK&H. GOTOIAND
Next. "THE C KICK i T ON. THE Hi ARTH." .
'■' Order seats by telephone, Black 991. .
fright— lsc, 20c, 85c. 50c. - Matinee— lsc, 25c, 35c.
FRESNO
CITRUS FAIR
; : WILL BE ! CON fINUEDDNTff :
MONDAY SIGHT, DECEMBER 21.
The California Navigation & Improve-
ment Co.'s boats leave San Francisco at 6
P. M. daily, connecting with Special Train
from Stockton at 7:20 A. M., ; via The San
Francisco and San Joaquin J V T allev Ry. "',-
TiCKets will be sold on Saturday and
Sunday, at $3.50 eacb, good for return un-
til Wednesday. December 23,
THE CHUTES.
BENEFIT POOR Sit X CHILDREN'S
FU>D TO-DAY.
Balloon Ascension Sunday by C. W.
VOSVIEH. >%
NEW TO-DAY.
Woman's Writes
Believe in Woman's Writes?
Of course we do. Who could
help it when women write such
convincing words as these :
" For seven years I suffered
with scrofula. I had a good
physician. Every means of
cure was tried in vain. At last
I was told to try Ayer's Sarsa-
parilla, which entirely cured
me after using seven bottles."
— Mrs. John A. Gentle, Fort
Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896.
Ayer's Sarsaparilla
..cures..
met lust Wednesday evening at Judge Groci
insrer's courtroom. Mrs. Ad die L. Ballou, pre
siding. During the meeting the following letter
was read from President-elect William McKin
ley:
Mrs. Addie L. Rallnu, President Woman's Repub
lican Statr. Central Club, Room 62, 1170 Market street,
•San Francisco, Cal. —my Dkar Madam: Majnr
McKmlcy wish- s to return you his sincere thanks
to the members of your club for the recent con
gratulations extended by them. He bees that
they personally accep: his compliments and good
wishes. Very truly yours,' • ■ i-
James Boyle, Private Secretary.
Fruit for a German Show.
Secretary Fllcher of the State Board of Trade
left yesterday for Fresno to take in the Citrus
Fair in that city. He intends to be present nt
the close, but before then he will secure the
best exhibits of citrus fruits for shipment to
Hamburg, Germany, where they are to bo
placed on exhibition. After the lair is over he
will take a trip southward through the San
Joaquin Valley to investigate the condition of
horticultural interests in that distric.
KEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A l. Ha yuan <fc co. (Incorporated) Propriaio.-i
OH, WHAT A HIT!
AND THERE IS A •
MATINEE TO-DAY !
C. B. Jefferson's. Klaw & Erlanger's Wonderful
Production.
PALMER COX'S
BROWNIES.
I The Marvelous Flyintt Ballet!
01717 Dot Funny German Baud!
OJU-Ej The Wanderlntf Minstrels!
Frisco's Little Pet, Gertie Carlisle!
And the many other novel features.
SECURE SEATS WELL IN ADVANCE. I
TO-NIGHT, AND KVKRY NIGHT FOR
THE NEXT . .
8 XTEEKS ONLY,
INCLUDING SUNDAY NIGHTS.
vJscSLI-*- — - I — -^ —^
! TRICOLA!tOtR.COTTLOD« cs>- u»MAnonAnA6tRS---
DON'T BE DECEIVED!
If "You Want 10 See a Ileally Great Play Coma
This Afternoon.
JOSEPH GRISMER AND PHOEBE DAVIES
In the Powerful melodrama,
THE COTTON KING!
Monday Next— THE FRAVVLEY COMPANY
In "The Kail road of Love."
SEATS NOW ON SALE
SPECIAL MATINEE CHKISTMAB.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MJi3.i--K>. usTixic Kbet.iv->. Proprietor <s jA*tx*is;
— this ExrETxriTsro —
And Every Evening Till Further Notice,
Our Holiday Spectacle! A Treat for Young and Old
"JACK
AND THE
BEANSTALK!"
i The King. Jack, the Queen,
The Giant, Cow. the Princess,
The fairies. the Mortals,
i.'i ■,:..*..;, l"he Goddesses.
New Bullets! Electric March! Novel
!*peclalties '. ■■< aiitiful Costumes '.
Lovely Scenery : * Catchy Music!
I I'.njjli i Lines !
Oscar L. Fest's Magnificent Transformation,
Flora's Offering, "THE BIRTH OF THE ROSE."
opula Prices ....25c -»nt sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER M.OROSCO...PoIB Lessee and Manaj«
ONE OF THE BIGGEST HITS!
THE POLICE PATROL!
A THRILLING MELODRAMA,
With Magnificent Mechanical and Scenic Effects.
.2 Trained White Horses 3
Replete With SensaUons! Full of Fun!
Evening Price*— loo. 250 and .133.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.*
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
Hilton <£ Co..'. ...Lessee* | Ed Ambrose. ..Manager
Christmas Holidays! Grand Reopening;!
MONDAY. DXC. 21 AND JsVKRY KVEM.VQ
ATTKACTIO > EXTKAOKDINAKY !
EDtagemect of the Dabbing Equestrienne, MUSS
:KATK rUBSS.XL:
In Her Celebrated Eastern success,
THIS QUEEN OF THE PLAINS!
Supported by
A POWERFUL DRAMATIC COMPANY.
Three Grand Holiday Matinees!
Friday, Saturday mid Sunday, at 2 p. x.
Popular Prices ......:oc. 20c and 80c
Box-Office Sow Open. ;■•
SUTRO BATHS.
NEXT SUNDAY,—
Grand International Tug-of-War!
; 10 TEAMS WILL COMPETE.
There will be no contests any night this wee*.
The finals will be pulled off every Sunday After*
noon until decided.'  . . .
. ... - - General Admission 5- Cents.
RACHG ag&g^g RACHG
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Tuesday. November 16,
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
1 ltaln or shine. ;
Races Start at 3:15 P. M. Sharp— •
' FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Ferry Boats l«-ave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, ] .00, 1:30 and 2:' JO p. m.. connecting wltU
trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to Berkeley.
Returning— Trains leave trie Track at 4:15 and
4:15 p. m. and immediately after the last race. .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS Jit, President
;,..-• R. B. aiILROY. secretary. ; ;. . '
CIRCUS ROYAL.
People's Palace Bui din?, Eddy and Mason sis.
COMMENCING DEC. 31, 1896.
*• LIMITED SEASON. • '
PROF. O. R. GLEASON,
WORLD-RENOWNED HORSE-TAM KB,
In His Great and Marvelous Exhibitions
bee Uleuson Subdue the Wildest H.9EM .
POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR PRICES.
lOu, . aoc, 30c, sOc.
GRAND MASQUERADE BALL
Of the Aim Lilienthaler Verein, Saturday eveninsr,
December 19. 189(5. at Saratoga Hall, it] l (J.ary
•i. Tickets 50c, at the door. Grand promenade
concert at 8:30. - Hat checks free. ~ Music by Gott-
lieb yon der Mehdi Q'i baud. Costumes to be bad
of M. Schae Itr at the hall on the evening of lUm
balL. ■ _ ■. , „,•■..; ■■
78
THE SPORTING WORLD.
A Week's Record of the Doings of Athletes ,
Sportsmen and Anglers*
Tiie Olympic Clnb will give a first-class
boxinn entertainment on Monday evening.
The superintendent lias arranged for five
special matches between the most expert
Lexers of the various athletic ciubs.
The wheelmen expect to witness ?ome
iirst-class racing on the Velodrome track
i his afternoon if the weather permits.
Football-players are deeply interested
in tbe great j:ame which will be decided
on Christmas day at Central Park between
the Olympic and Butte City teams. The
Olympic boys are in splendid condition,
and their friends will back them heavily
to defeat their stalwart opponents from
the north.
There is comparatively nothing doinjr in
aquatic circles. The oarsmen are resting
on their oars until the spring days, when
the shells will again be seen cleaving the
waters of the bay.
There is quite a stir in amateur baseball.
Several games are on the tapis which
should attract considerable attention.
Sportsmen are having good duck-shoot
ing in the lower country.
THE WHEELMEN.
Champion Zlegrler Issues a Sweep
ing Challenge to Ail Professionals.
Walter B. Fawcett went to Fresno on
Thursday in advance «f the coterie of rac
ing men who intended going down to take
part in to-day's meet to see if the
weather, track and all arrangements were
in proper form, lie telegraphed back yes
terday: "Weather line; track good;
notify al! concerned to come." The re
sult was that a large party went down
yesterday afternoon and wlli remain for
several days. There were seventeen pro
fessional racers, includine all who have
been performing at the Velodrome. If
the track be good the Fresno people will
see some excellent racing, as the men
have all been in constant training here
and are in fine shape.
The Garden City Cyclers' minstrel en
tertainment next Monday evening prom
ises to be very entertaining. A number of
the clubs have various little social fea
tures planned for the holiday weeks, all
of which will serve to keep up the club
spirit and interest.
President-elect Swain of tbe California
Associated Cycling Clubs states that he
\|ill announce his committee appoint
ments for tbe year next Tuesday. They
will be awaited with considerable in
terest.
Rear-Admiral Gherardi, senior admiral
of the ifnited States navy, has joined the
League of American Wheelmen. There
is nothing like being in good company,
and now is a good time to send in your
application or to send to the cycling edi
tor of Tint Call for blanks and pamphlets
telling of the advantages of a ieague
membership.
Tbe membership committee of the
North California division, L°ague of
American Wheelmen, offers two caih
prizes of $25 and $10 for the persons who
will send in the lirst and second largest
number of applicants for membprship to
tue league from December 1, 1896, to De
cember 1, 1897.
The programme for the meet to be held
at the Velodrome on Christmas day is the
best of any offered at tlie fleets held thus
far. It includes a one-tmra of a miJe
scratch and a mile handicap, professional ;
half a mile scratch and a mile handicap,
amateur; also a matcn race between W.
E. Becker (Minneapolis) and C. E. Do»v
(Seattle) for the Velodrome shield, at one
mile, unpaced, and several exhibition
rides and record trials. Otto Ziegle.- Jr.
will not ride. He seems to be a "little
demon" for changing his mind at least,
for only a short fortnight ago he an
nounced that he was going into active
training for the Velodrome Christmas day
meet. There will De plenty of talent with
out him, however.
The following is the latest bulletin of
the racing board:
Bulletin No. 29.
Sanctions granted— January 1, Crown City I
Cycling Club, Pa.sadeua, C&i. ; January 1 and
2, Capital City Cycling Club, Phcenix,.Anz.
Pacific Coast records acceptea— One mile, I
professional competition, W. A. Terrill, S*n j
Frai>cisco, November 31,1896,2:08 1-5; two j
miles, professional competition, W. F Foster, i
San Francisco, November 21, ISSHS, 4:37 3-5;
three niileb, nroiessional competition, \V. F.
Foster, t-an Francisco, November 21, 1896, |
7:01; lour miles, professional competition, W. i
F. roster, Sail J'rancisco, November 21, 189(5,
5»:O9 4-5: live miles', professional competition,
W. F. Foster, San Francisco, November 21, i
1896.11:13 4-5; one mile, amateur, flying!
ttart, paced. J. R. Kenna, San Francisco, No- j
vember2l, 1896, 1:571-5; hall-mile, amateur. I
flying start, uapaced, tandem, C D. Gooch I
una B. H. Eiford, San Francisco, November I
21, 1896, :57 1-5.
Transferred to professional class— W. M.
Jenkins, .Los Angeles, Cal.; l,yma;i Koyce, Wil- !
lianl Peters, Buue, Mont.; William Nagle, JJil- i
ion, Mont.
Suspended for competing in unsanctloned
and Sunday races— Carl Nichols, Lyman Royce,
F. H. Cooney, Kd Maillett, E. Shields, — Brown, '
William Peters, Churles Dell, Jack McLeod, \
Troy Pendleton, Butte, Mont., until July 1. j
1897.
1-or competing in unsanctioned races— Dean '
f'romwell, L. B. Chandler, Morgan Galbraith,
W. D. WJaney Harry Fish, Lot Angeles, Cal.;
Will Griffin, — Herrinrton, Charles A. Hall. P.
•'. Thede, — Mills, Charles Thomas, Merle
Rush, Arch Ridenour, Frank Fissel, Ed Hall,
Harry Thede, Ernest Blood, Madera, Cal., until
February 1, 1897.
For insubordinate conduct on the track— F.
A. Bell, Los Angeles, Cal., until February 1,
1897. •
For unfair riding— John Hertwick, Fresno,
Cal., until January 1, 1897.
Suspended pending investigation— J. M.
Long, Phoenix, Ariz.; Albert Coocer, Chnrles
F. Hofl, Tucson, Ariz.
Suspended from sanction privileges— Tucson
L. A. W. Club. TiinsoD, Ariz. R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
J. L. Dutton, the local consul of the
League of American Wheelmen at rianta
Cruz, has been particularly active in pro
moting the interests of the'division in his
locality in securing members and in divers
other ways. He is an active wheelman
Y*ES, THE MAM ISTALKIN&TO HIMSELF
WHUE THE OOfl^lL ARE FtVIN&'.OH SO # FAl^:^WA.y
[ and has done much for the sport down
| there.
The Imperial Cycling Club is complet
ing the erection of its gymnasium in the
rear of the cluorooms on Van Ness ave
nue. There will be a members' meeting
next Monday evening. The club will
hold its fourth party Tuesday evening,
January 19, at Native Sons' Hall.
The following letter has been received
from John W. Dermoody of the Garden
City Cyclers. San Jose, the trainer of
Hardy Downing, and it explains itself:
Cycling Editor of The. Cal', San Francisco: I
would like to sta'ie through the columns of
your paper that we have not made arrtinge
ments with any one as yet in regard to joining
a racing tenni with Allan Jones as the star. As
Mr. Downing has defented Mr. Jones more
times this season than Jones has defeated
him, I do not deem it advisaCle for him to join
a team With Mr. Jones as star until he lias
proven himself hs «uch. I still have charge of
Mr. Downing and will continue in charge
until he sees tit to make a change.
I would also like to state lor Otto Ziegler Jr.
that he will ride any man on the coast at the
first meet given on the Snn Jose track for r
purse or any part of $1000. Very truly
yours, J. W. Dermoody,
for If. Downing and Otto Zk-gier Jr.
Ziegler's sweeping challenge will no
doubt attract a great deal of attention,
and the only regret i? that he specifies tbe
San Jose track, as it seems improbable
that there will be a meet heid on it in the
near future; at least, the Garden City
Cyclers have given no intimation that
they intend holding one. Let Ziegler
agree to race on the Velodrome track,
which is, if anything, faster, and he
would have a number of challenges on his
hands, and no doubt the Velodrome |
'people would put up a good purse for the j
contest. A match between Ziegler and
Arthur Gardiner, who is now in Denver,
would be a great drawing card, and Gardi
ner would doubtless come here if he saw
chances of its being arranged. He has
offered to come lor his expenses here and
br'.ck to Chicago. Or a match between
Ziegler and Foster would be another at
traction worth witnessing. It will be a
J. L. Dutton, Local Consul of the
L. A. W. at Santa Cruz.
pity if the "Little D-mon's" desires in
this regard r.re not gratiried.
Oscar O.sen has abandoned cycle racing
for the present and cone to Tucson, Ariz.,
where he will open up a hotel.
Tiie Terminal City Wheelmen, Stockton
Athletic Club Wheelmen and the Stocicton
Road Ciub rn.'iy possibly amalgamate.
This will be a move in the right direction
and the triumvirate will make one power
iui club.
Wiih Isaac B. Potter out of the fieht
even Sterling Elliott's chances for the
presidency of the League of American
Wheelmen are not very rosy, as there is a
decided boom in favor of the present first
vice-president, Charles F. Cossum of New
York, whom the leading Eastern cycling
journals are all supporting and who
would probably make an excellent officer.
ii. H. Laverty, the popular editor of the
Pacific Field, has been elected secretary
treasurer of the South California division,
L?ague of American Wheelmen, and will
doubtless till the position very accepta
bly.
, "Z:mmy" McFarland should get a copy
of the last Olympic and frame it. One
can hardly. turn a. ppge in it without read
ing some vary flattering encomium of the
lengthy San Jose .flier. Perhaps he is de
serving of it all— no doubt he is— but then
"there. . are o:hers"; and in an article
headed ''Ingratitude of Racing Men"
there can be found plenty of exceptions
besides the worthy ; Mc.Farland.
The Wanderers announce for to-morrow
a hare and hound • chase that promises
creat' fun for the participants. Harry
Thompson and Al Hanghton, two of the
club's crack riders, are to be the hares, and
they intend to lead the hounds a merry
chase. As an incentive for speedy riding,
the club offers a ; handsome, suitably
engraved medal for the first hound that
catches the hare. The start will be matte
early from the clubaouse, and the route
will be as lengthy and variable as that
covered by any scared hare.^Hj^^H^^H
Spaldiko.
THE BOXERS.
Olympic Club Entertainment Mon
day Evening— Will the Big Battle
Take Place In Ireland?
Superintendent Billy Kennedy of the
Olympic Club has arranged an excellent
tistic bill of fare, which will be presented
to the members on Monday evening.
The matches are all special, and, as
the contestants slated to appear are all
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
Three Clever Boxers Who Will Appear in Special Events at the Olympic Tournament.
well up in the art of self-defense, some
very clever boxing is sure to result.
Huyes and Eapan will box at 135 pounds.
Carter and Koster will box at 145 pounds.
Mulligan and Biown will meet at 125
pounds, Reay and Lynch will box at 125
pounds, I^awlerand Schuler at 120 pounds,
and Curley and Lewis at 147 pounds. The
boxers will meet under the colors of the
Olympic, Manhattan, Acme, San Fran
cisco and Sacramento Athletic clubs.
Leader Taylor states that members only
wili be allowed to witness tbe bouts, and
that no special invitations will be issued
under any circumstances. It is the in
tention of the leader and his assistants to
finish the sport on Monday evening, and
with that object in view the first bout will
be called promptly at 8 o'clock.
It is to oe hoped that nothing in the
way of a barrier will spring up to cause an
indefinite postponement of a long
pending meeting between the two great
champions of the ring, viz. : Corbett and
Fitzsimmons, who, according to latest
accounts, will meet on March 17 to settle
the long-pending question of supremacy
in a contest to a finish.
Dan Stuart, the renowned sporting man
who is engineering the affair, must have
some good assurance from the authorities
of tbe place where he proposes to pitch
tbe stakes that there will not be any in
terference to the scheme he has in con
templation.
Corbett has time and again stated that
unless Stuart will positively guarantee
him freedom from po'ice interference he
would not sign articles to meet Fitzsim
mons in a battle to a finish. The fact
that he so readily consented to Stuart's
terms in a recent conference which was
held in New York is pretty good evidence
that Corbett is pleased with the terms of
the great promoter of finish battles.
Fitzsimmons appears to be delighted
with the outlook.. He says that it was an
asrreeable surprise to him to learn that
Corbett had agreed to Stuart's terms.
Julian cannot understand why Stuart
named March 17 as the day on which the
heavy-weight championship is to be de
cided.
"This is a great Irish day, you know,"
said Julian smiiing, "and as I have not
tiie remotest idea of the place where
Stuart intends pulling off the m-fitch, I
am inclir.ed to think that my friend Dan
has had a private conference with some of
the Irish kings, and that the battle may
possibly take place on the spot where
Donnelly »nd Cooper fought several years
a?o for the championship of the United
Kingdom."
The pugilists will have three months to
train for this great event, «nd if they are
reported to b« in good trim for a finish
argument tbe betting will certainly be
great, as Fitz and Corbett have supporters
who will wager large sums of money on
their respective chances of success.
It is now too early to venture an opinion,
but it c<n be safely said, however, that if
Corbett can prove to the sportinu worid
thnt he will be lit and \teil to engage in a
finish battle a few weeks before the day
selected for a pa*«age-at-arms the betting
will be strongly in his favor, as be is un
questionably the superior of Fitzsimmons,
that is, scientifically speaking.
The Comisiiman, although"not so shifty
nor as clever as the champion, is never
theless a most dangerous opponent, who
may turn the tide of battle in his favor at
any point in the game. Whoever wins
the championship, the contest will be
well worth going many miles to witness.
GUN AND CARTRIDGE.
Result of the Supreme Court De
cision—Last Hunters' Train.
The lovers of duck-shooting who have
enjoyed many pieasant days' sport bag
ging game on lands that were posted with
notices warning trespassers to keep off the
premises have at last concluded that they
must either do as others have done, viz :
lease shooting-grouDds, or else refrain
from indulging in the pleasures of the
chase.
The Sportmen's Protective Association,
! which was organized in this City some
j years ago for the purpose of defeatine if
possible the aims "of the clubs that, were
leasing large tracts of unreclaimed marsh
lands, made a gallant fight in the interest
of the men who could not afford the ex
penditure of large suras of money annu
ally for the pleasure that accrued from
duck-shooting expedition?.
The association scored several victories
In the lower courls, but when the "Pre
berve Clubs" carried the war into
the higher tribunals, the association
met with a severe defeat. In fact, the
j opinion which was rendered by the
I Supreme Court recently on the preserve
j question has finally "settled all argu
ment.
Even Superior Judge Buckles of Solano
County, who decided against the Cordelia
and Teal clubs last year in a suit to re
strain joaciiers from trespassing upon the
lauds which the club 3 had leased,
acknowledged, by granting injunctions a
few weeks ago to the Cordelia Club, that
j the judgment of the Supreme Court is
inviolable.
As matters now stand it is thought that
the Sportsmen's Protective Association at
its next meeting will wisely conclude
that future contests in the courts will end
i unfavorably to its members, and in view
i of that lact reorganization will be ueces-
I sary.
Although the association cannot afford
to have a pres -rye as splendidly arranged
as\the Cordelia, Teal, Ibis ana o'her clubs
of a similar kind, it can nevertheless lease
considerable property in Aiameda and So
noma counties at a small annual rental,
on which good shooting may be had if the
birds are protected during the breeding
seasons. Ponds can b- fed at a nominal
figure, and the birds will be sure to visit
such places as will afford them good pick
ing under cover of the darkness.
Had not the Supreme Court decided
figainst the association the battle would
have gone merrily on, but as it would
prove a most idiotic idea on the part of an
association to attempt to overrule the
rinding-* of a Supreme bench it is pre
sumed that a move in the right direction
under the present conditions will be taken
at the next meeting of the sportsmen,
which will be on Saturday, January 2
1897. ' '
Harry Corbett, Captain KitVen. "Bogie"
O'Donnell ana Jimmy Kvan are on a duck
hunting expedition to Suisun. Latest ac
counts from the "seat of war" stale that
Corbett baeged twenty-three mudhens in
Shelldrako Slough with the first discharge
of his gun and that lie had the pleasure
of sampling tiie mud in the bottom of the
slough in the attempt ai retrieving a
wounded widgeon.
"Bogie" McDonald was placed out as a
decoy for white geese and proved a most
successful lure, as Captain Kitsen killed
twenty of the birds over him.
Richard Brooks and Henry Venker left
this City yesterday for Antioch, where
they wifl be joined this evening by Jack
Lemmer and a friend. The sportsmen ex
pect to return with a large number of
birds.
Billy Mcßae returned yesterday from
Delano. He reports that the market
hunters are slaughtering mallard ducks
by the hundreds. They use four-bore
guns, which are placed on the backs of
trained oxen. The animals are driven up
to within twenty yards of the flocks and
then the hunters blaze away, killing Ire
quentlv sa many as fiity birda at one sin
gle discharge of the Dig fowline-pieces.
The use of guns larger than ten-bora is
unlawful, but there appears to be no one
who will take sufficient interest in the
protection ot game to cause the arrest of
the transgressors.
The Fish and Game Commissioners pay
no attention to the reports that have been
mailed to them. They contend that they
have enough to do to look after the
fisheries department.
Frank Dolliver, Al Newman and Colonel
Cracknell of New York shot on the
marßhes of Point Reyes last Sunday, but,
as the day was exceptionally fine, the
sportsmen had very poor success.
Some good bags of ducks were made
during the past week on the Alviso
marshes.
The extra Saturday night service for
hunters on the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railroad, which was inaugurated
on October 17, to Ignacio, Black Point,
Reclamation, Sears Point, McGill, Bchell
ville, Novato and Burdell, will discontinue
with this evening. In future the boat
which leaves for Tiburon every Saturday
night at 11:30 o'clock will make connec
tion with the train which runs only as far
aR San Rafael.
E. J. Beil states that good hunting can
be hai in the marshes of Suisun, near
Espinosa station. Last week the number
of birds killed in Shelldra&e Slough by
the sportsmen who visited his ark was
359. which included mallard, teal, widgeon
and sprig ducks. Bell further states that
the hunting-grounds are outside of the
lands leaseel by the gun clubs and that
scuilinc will be lirst class from now until
the close of the season.
CORBETT'S BIG WAGER.
He Wants Fitzsimmons to Cover a
Side Bet of 550.000.
When Bob Fitzsimmons was shown a
dispatch that was received from Jim Cor
bett last evening he smiled blandly and
remarked that "the professor was either
blurting or drawing a very long financial
bow."
Corbett's dispatch read that if Fitz«im
mons will wire the stakeholder how much
he wants to fight for he (Corbett)
will put up coin to the amount of $50,000
in the stakeholder's hands to-day, and
that tho Cormshman can mail his check.
"Now you see how this fellow Corbett is
acting already," said Fitzsimmons when
he glanced at the figures contained in the
dispatch. "Just think of it. He must
have caught a good thing somewhere. I
notice that he has grown very wealthy of
late.
"When we met in New York previous to
my departure for the West tbe fellow
could not raise $10,000, and to please him
I reduced the aide bet to half that sum,
ju«t to accommodate the champioi., who
said, in the presence of many witnesses,
that he was financially strapped.
"He is evidently of the opinion, now
that I am broke, and wants to corner me.
but I will fool him. I cannot say how
much I can rai^e, bui you can quote me
as saying that I will be able to meet any
siae bet of Corbett's up fo $25,000.
"I am positive that Corbett is bluffing,
as usual, and may try to crawl out of a
finish fight on the strength of bis bluffs.
"Al Smith, who is the stakeholder, is
satisfactory to me. 1 will leave for New
York in a few days, just as soon as I can
complete so trie little business transactions I
have here, and then I will talk business
to Corbett's face, i don't believe in 'the
professor's' method of transacting affairs
pugilistic over the wires. I will have
money to wager all right, and if Corbett
is as anxious to fight as 1 am, the enam
pidnsiitp battle will be decided on March
17, according to Stuart's agreement."
ON GRIDIRON FIELD.
Some Christmas and New Year's
Games In This City.
The big athletic event of Christmas aay
in this City will be the Butte-Olympic
football match at Central Park in the aft
ernoon, both teams being greatly im
proved over their form and personnel of
last Christmas, when Olympic suffered a
decisive defeat at the hands of the big
men from the mining district of Montana.
Companies M and H of the League of
the Cross Cadets will meet in a mutch
game ol football on Christmas afternoon
at the Presidio ground?. Game will be
called at 2:30 o'clock with ihe following
1
A Vfrfcr CHASED DtStON.
players, the stripped 'weights of whom
are given to indicate what each must op
pose to the avoirdupois of his vis-a-vis.
Company nr. Position. Company H.
McUeran, 146 I* R R Nugent, 152
Koblnson. 134 L. T. K. WlialeD. 15.2
Quirk. 159 L. 8. X OhUen, 154
Johnson, 155 C Notes, 168
Bordet, 140 K. G. L Merein, 167
Cresly, 116 K. T. L Knge.feldt. 142
Wilson. 149 K. K. L McUonald. 163
OHeason. 107 Q Navisb, 110
Fear, 139 L. H. R Krhenhelm, I*B
Faure. 133 R. 11. L Ore*, 132
Swift (captain). 137 F..j£wing (captain), 142
138 pounds Average weight li 3
On New Year's day, unless bigger at
tractions secure the grounds from the
cadets, who have already engaged them
foi that afternoon, Company A and Com
pany B, League of the Cross Cadets, will
! meet at Central Park to settle on the foot
! ball field the question of athletic suprem
| acy that haa never been decided during
the three years that these two intense
rivals have contested on gridiron field and
| cinder path. Company A represents St.
Mary's Cathedral branch and Company B
St. Charles', two of the most prominent
parishes in the City. Each company is
now predicting the defeat of the other by
| the recent Stanford -Calilornia score.
BASEBALL.
The Aiameda Alerts Play the San
Francisco Athletic Club Team
To- Morrow.
The San Francisco Athletic Club and
the Aiameda Alerts will cross bats at Cen
tral Park to-morrow. It is thought that
the Alerts have met their match at last.
The Athletic blub has shown whataDility
it possessed by defeating the crack ama
teur teams of this City and winning the
handsome banner offered by Will & Fiuck.
As both teams have a great many ad
mirers Central Park will have a large and
enthusiastic crowd to-morrow.
The Conway and Baumel Baseball Club
has an open challenge to any amateur
team on the coast, and are anxious to play
the Alameaa Alerts, All challenges should
be sent to William Hart. 5 Sixth street.
The Call Baseball Club has reorgan
ized for the season of '96-97 and are
anxious to hear from any amateur team
in ihe State. The Calls refuse to allow
the San Francisco Athletic Club to claim
the amateur championship of the City, as
they never defeated the Calls and have
beeh defeated by the Examiner team.
The Calls have played a tie series with
the Examiners and would like to hear
from the San Francisco Athletic Club
team or any amateur team in the State.
Address challenges to James E. Powers,
manager Call Baseball Club, 327 Bryant
street.
THE RIFLE.
The Third Great American Bundes
Shooting Festival.
On Sunday there will be several of the
rifle shooting clubs represented at
Schuetzen and Shell Mound Park ranges.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, the
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein and the
Germania Schuetzen Club will hold
monthly shooting contests at Shell Mound
Park. The following is an extract from
the Hebrew, Philo Jacoby editor:
We have published in a former issue that
Comrade Ehrenplort, in answer to his tele
graphic invitation to the Independent New
York. Schuetzen to have tbem visit San Fran
cisco in r body next year, has received an an
swer thnt they were already pledged to attend
the German Bundes Snooting Festival in
Nuernberg. William V. Weber, the captain of
the above-named association, wnres to Com
rade Khrenpfort that it is the genernl desire of
the Eastern marktmen to hold the third great
American Bundes Shooting Festival in Sau
Francisco. The Independent New York
Scfiuetzen besides attending the Bundes shoot
ins festival in Nuernberg will visit Munich,
Salzburg, Vienna, Tyroi, Switzerland, Neu
mdt, A. H.. and Bingen, and trave; bvsteamer
up the Rhine. November 2G there were al
ready eighty marksmen pledged to be of tbe
party. Captain Weber sends his best wishes to
all California mark>men, especially to those
who composed the California delegation last
year at the Bundes Snooting Festival in New
York and won greut honors and prizes there.
THE ANGLER.
Steelhead Fishing Will Be Good
When the Rivers Run Clear.
Latest intelligence from the angling re
sorts is to the effect that the rivers will
not bo in condition for steelhead fishing
until after a week, at least.of fine weather.
It is said that a number ot large fish are
now far above the tide waters, and that
the spearmen are sharpening their instru
ments of torture in expectation of, having
"some great sport" when the rivers are
running clear.
John' Butler and some companions will
leave for Duncans Mills to-day. A dis
patch from Mr. Morgan states that the
Russian River is clearing rapidly and that
good sport should result on Sunday.
At Point Reyes a large gathering of
fishermen "roed" for trout last Sunday,
but as tne stream was very muddy vefy
little sport was had. Dr. James Whatt
hooked a projecting limb of a tree in
making a long-distance cast and succeeded
in landing a Scotch thistle, much to tne
amusement of Chaplain Terry, who in
formed the venerable disciple of bait fish
ing lhat a less muscular effort would have
stamped him as being a polished angler.
Tne doctor is a nnn believer in mus
cular effort, and he has been known to
land a 15-pound steelhead with one mighty
yank of his powerful right arm.
* Frank Marcus Jr. lost a large fish by
emulating the tactics of the doctor. A
few small tish were taken during the day.
Should the weather remain fine Ponu
Reyes Creek will be in goou condition in
a week or SO.
Some nice fish were cauzht in bonoma
Creek near Khellville last Sunday.
THE OARSMEN.
Doings of the Boating Clubs Along
the Bay Shore.
A committee has been appointed by the
Carnival of tbe Golden Gate and that com
mittee has set aside a aay for a regatta.
It would be a gooo. idea if the committee
aDpointed a prominent amateur oarsman
to take charge of the affair. Rowing on
this coast has reached such a magnitude
that a regatta conducted properly would
attract great attention.
If it is the intention of the carnival com
mittee to hold a recatta it should notify
tbe Pacific Amateur Association at once,
that a sanction may be granted.
Adam Schuppcrt, the old-time oarsman,
is coaching the members of the Dolphin
Club, and every Sunday be has a crew out
for practice. Under h& instruction they
are making rapid progress. To-morrow
•toe will take out C. If. Farrell, T. R. Kee
»i>n and W. O. Patch for a practice spin.
Charles Farrell defeated Pete yon
Hadeln in an exciting canoe race last Sun-
T* J. Sullivan was out in Keenan's
wherry, and was doing well until he lost a
wlied'off his sLding-seat.
William Schumacher and Thomas Hop
kins are doing stea'iy work in the skift3,
with intentions of entering the next re
gatta.
The British ship captains have arranged
a series of races to be held at Sausalito to
day at 3p. m. Nearly every vessel flying
the British flag has entered a boat, aud
some exciting contests are expected.
Handball.
The handball games which will take
place to-morrow at the San Francisco
court are:
P. Barrett and J. O'Lenry v?. Hugh Moffit
and J. Brannock, M. McClura and S. Cuney
vs. M. Edwaras and W. Stansbury. P. Ryan and
I) Kodgers vs. M. McNeil and G. McDonald, J.
White and J.Collins vs. R. Murphy and E.
Toy, J. Lawless and D. Connelly vs. P. Hutcn
inson and P. Kelly, J. C. Nealon and T. F.
Bonnet vs. M. J. Kilgallon and P. Donnelly.
Sacramento Sporting: News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 18.— The cloud of
gloom and sadness which has hung over many
members ot the Sacramento Athletic Club
since the defeat of their champion by Theo
dore Vau Buskirk and the disappearance of
many a hard-earned shekel is gradually pass
ing, but there are many will be sore for time
immemorial.
Johnson's science as displayed in the first
two rounds, when Van Buskirk "found it was
as hard to find_him" as the Irishman's flea,
has simply impressed many witn tbe idea that
had Johnson only continued the same tactics
he would eventually have won out, and they
are sore, "so sore," but the majority are satis
fied that it was a simple impossibility for
Johnson to stop or avoid the. big one's mad
rushes. It is said that an endeavor will be
made to arrange a match between Vau Bus
kirk and Stenzler, who is again anxious to
meet the former during the coming mouth.
(.'oursins still continues to boom here and
the park is an unqualified success in every
particular. There was a twenty-six dog puppy
stake last Sunday, in which S. A. Cummiugs'
Litt.e Deligtu captured first prize. J. Stout's
Lord Lonsdale took second prize. Nethercott's
Cantain Nemo third and Hall's Electricity
fourth. Next Sunday there will bt, an opan
all-aged stake, in which there will be at least
lorty-four entries. H. H. Devine, who is act
ing as judge, is rendering decisions which are
claimed by all to be fair and impartial, giving
universal satisfaction. S. A. Cummmgs is
slipper. On Sunday next there will also be a
ruateii race for if 100 a side, best three out of
five courses, between J. Mangan's puppy Prin
cess Ailene (Gare-Lady 11. Glendyne) and J.
Stout's puppy Kitty Lonsdale (Gile-Lily of the
West), and lots of outside money will change
hands. On New Year's day the park will close
to allow the Sacramento men to attend the big
meet at Ingleside.
There is not much enthusiasm among the
duck-hunters of late, there belns: more work
than sport in getting a bag, as the iate storm
has driven tlie ducks inio the open water, and
they are consequently hard to approach. Out
in ihe great Yoxo basin there «re millions of
the birds. That old veteran, Willinra Gerber,
went to Teal Lake Sunday and killed twelve
mall&rds, but then Billy "is always next to him
self in the fieid and marsn. Smith and
Brown got eighty-three birds, thirty-seven
being mallards. Thia is the largest bag made
iv two weeks, and the rest of the sports are
trying to find out where the killing was done.
The most provoking of all things which has
happened in years to disturb the serenity of
miud of the local sportsmen is the appearance
of the jjck snipe ia the marshes lying within
the city limits, and the sportsmen do not care
to shoot them as the police are vigilant and
shooting within the city limits is expensive.
The birds are here iv hundreds and within a
block of the streetcar lines. A sportsman who
w«8 up with the early bird made a sneak on
the authorities yesterday morning and bagged
twenty-two before the police got on to him; he
escaped capture but will not try it again.
Preparations are on the tapis for the open
ing of the trap season and several Christmas
shoots will be held in the adjoining vicinities,
notably at the Union House Club grounds.
The Capital City Wheelmen are making
preparations for their first run of the season
which will be to Stockton and return starting
Irom this ciiy at midnight on the last day oi
the year. Last New Year day Hubert made
the round trip twice without stopping, a dis
tance of two hundred miles in all. He may
attempt the same feat again. Consul Frank
Dwyer has been in the city during the past
weeK oa league matters. Rutherford.
SEW TO-DAT.
7000 /An FEET
/ f eft ) J^K) 1 1
wirff ''r\/f\
n and difficult mountain climbing done
in nine hours by Prof. Pressoir, Sec.
. French Alpine Club, and 24Others, on .
:no sustenance or • stimulant save the
) tropical nut : from which Kolafra is
, made. ; There was no hunger, no short
breath, nc fatigue, no lagging, no sub- 1
sequent exhaustion. In ; great and
protracted ; muscular effort the Afri-
can tonic-stimulant is indispensable.
Armies march, athletes 5 ; win games ;
and races, and bicyclists ride further,
faster and with ' less exertion, under
the inspiration of .;
j The heart pulsations are ampler and
fewer, the t nerves steady,- the \ head -
■ clear and cool, ; and the body full of •
elasticity and vigor. Vino-Kolafra"
protects against the dangers of expos- i
ure to changes of weather, and has no i
reaction or bad after-effects. ,A ; safe
and certain tonic and vitalizer for the
feeble and ? depressed. : : . ■ Beware : of ':
imitations. -
•— - ' .' Sold by Druggists Generally. '
t ' Brunswick; Pharmacal Co.
• Johnson; & Johnson, Selling Agents, !
" ~; - : . «* William Street, New York.
I Suffering I
r^^ Women. f
>> \ Alas! women do '.'■
■ <^,Jfi/, suffer. Why, we '.',
-Jy^^*^' > ) often cannot tell, but ;:
/r^iC.^"*^ V/ x we know there is ;■
'/ /A \o \ / one great cause, and '<'
/ f>\ \> that is weakness. -
I »' . — The headaches, the \\\
!l depressed feelings, the pains» the ];
','. encouragements, indeed, almost ■ ;
; ; all the misery has a common ■ '
■ ■ — weakness. At such times '■ '.
'■ : a woman always needs a friend : '.
! ■ that can be relied upon, and such ; ;
; ; a friend, for more than twenty •
; ; years, has been that greatest of all • • :
. • ; remedies, : ' '. '. \
'.'.; 1/yKaAft^*./^ • : ::
I l@o%y^3| ill
] ; By its purity and its power it : : :
' ' furnishes a prompt relief for : ;
'- women in their hours of need, ♦
'■','. and if the grateful expressions ;; !
"■■','.'. which come up from the homes ■ •
: of the land about what SAFE I
'•'■ CURE l&s done were printed, %
< : they would fill volumes. If you, £
I • reader, are a sufferer, can you ♦
; not take hope from this sug- ♦ ;
; gestion ? fßJKffi ♦
* Large bottle, or new style, smaller one, at your ', '.
' ■ druggists. +■
$%M M I > > M t ffi
ART SALE !
At Auction.
M. STRAUS, Artist,
lias Instructed Us to Sell His Entire Collec-
tion, comprising
125-125-125-12$
Oil Paintings and Sketches,
IN THE MAPLE HALL,
On the First Kioor of the Palace Hotel.
AUCTION"~SALES :
TUESDAY at 2:30 and 7:45 o'clock P. T\.,
December 22J.
WEDNESDAY at 2:30 and 7:45 o'clock
P. M., December 23d.
FREE EXHIBITION
MONDAY, December 21, 1896. from 9:30
a. m. to 9:30 p. si. , >ir. M. straus has a
prominent standing among the artists of this
State. He is a very honest and faithful de-
lineator of nature, and Is very pleaslni; In an
extsnded variety of subjects extending over
Landscapes, Fruit, still Life, -Marine, Ani-
mals, etc.
Do not forget the days and boars of the
■ auctlcn sales. • Catalogues it .Maple Hall,
Palace Hotel, and at our ofll c. This collec-
tion presents an elegant opportunity from
I which to select Christinas tokens.
EASTOX. ELDKIDGK & CO.,
63S Market St. ' Auctioneers.
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY DECEMBER 32. 1898,
At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Market-Street Improved Property.
. Northwpst line Market st., 114 feet southwest
of Franklin; large lot. extending through to Page
St.; Improvements on Ute Marketst. front; also
on the Page st. front. This pitca of property is
Improving every day. and soon will he worth
$3000 per front foot. It Is in the first block beyond
Van JN ess avenue and in the march of elegant Im-
provements. A bis chance for a speculator, or
capitalist. Examine this; lot 27:Bxl04:10. through
to Page St., which it fronts 21 :9 feet.
Downtown Property— lmproved.
South line (Nos. 607 Va and 609) Pine St., 137:8
feet west of Grant aye.: front building, 4 stories,
27 100 ms and b^j: rear building, 2 stories, 10
room*; well bulifnu fine condition: always rented;
rent $120; cement walks; basalt rock ou Pine St.:
lot 34:41.2*137:6 feet. . *
j Residence Lot Near Market Street.
South line of Clinton Park, 155 east of Dolores
st, and near Market st. : lot ready for building-
pleasant surroundings; examine this; must be
sold; fast ro-st. cable ; 10t 'J5.x75 feet.
Nob Hill Residence. ' ,-;
North line (No. 1 816) of Pine st. 66 feet east of
Octavla; 2-nory bay-windowed residence of 9
rooms and bath; basement; cement sidewalk and
sarden walks; bituruino.is street; everything In
splendid shape; large lot. 28x1i>7:6 feet.
Golden Gate Park Residence.
East line {No. 216) of Ashbury st., 100 feet
north of Fell; : handsome -2-s'.ory bay-wlndowel
residence; 7 rooms and bath: high basement ; in
line condition ;cemeni-stone walk: iron fence-
brick foundation: fine home: o- c- half block from
Golden Gate Park; several cable roads; lot 25x1U3
feet.
Magnificent Corner tot.
Southwest corner nf Pacific and Jones st«.; alt
ready to Improve; . would pay well with stores be-
low an I tint* above; good location for business: -
Pacific st. in basalt rock and cement-stone walk;
Jackson and Hyde st cables; large corner lot.
60x52:4 feet.
*». Probate Sale.
Northwest line (No. 5 38) of Howard St., 425
feetsouth of First; improvements, 2 dwellings of
10 and 4 rooms. This U close to business prop- "
erty, and Howard st. must soon become a business
street; plenty of car lines: lot 25x83 leet.
| Oak- Street Business Property. Near
Golden Gate Pnr:<.
South line of Oak St., 187:6 feet west of Devisa-
dero; 2 handsome business lots, an i but 1 block
from Golden ■ Gate Park Improved with stores
below and flats above: rent oui-kly; examine ■
these; mast be sold; 2 lots, '.'5x137:6 feet.
• • Mission Heights— Cottage.
. West line , (No. . 164) of Clara aye.. 168 feet
.north of Klcntee-ntli at., near . Douglass; pretty
bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and bath: street
sewered, graded and maradnmized; cement walk;
and iron fencing: examine this; -Elghteenih-st.
electric-cars; lot i!BxlB6 feet.
■ ■' For Catalogues, Terms, etc., Inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
* Office and Salesrooms 638 Market St. : .
i IH^rmanTnt ' cure i
C of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and S
«* Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 days; no*>
c other treatment rrqtilred, and without the nan- ■
< seatinß results of dosing YfUhCul-e'-s, Copaiba?
<or Sandal-Wood. J.Ferr* & Co.. (successors to>
< Brom Pharniacien, i'^rlß. At oil drupiclsts. ?
willliir vnil "V.c Taroat, Pimples, Copper-
NttnAl* I UU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores. JjjH
V* l Ulccr3 in Mouth. lialr-Valllngl Write t'OOfitQH
Xl UEMEDi' CO., &O7 Masonic Temple id
HHChlcnao. 111., lor proofs of cures. Ca|»l-M
si till, SGOO.OOO. Worst cases cured la *.s&|
HHto 35 dors. ICfO-pupte booh free. >J
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON 8T3.-RE.
modeled and renovated. ■ KINO, WAitD a CO,
European plan. ■ Kooms 50c to #1 50 per day, it
■to f 8 per week, . $8 to tio per month: - »rea bath*; •
: hot ■ aud ■ cold water every room; ar« Kr*tM"i4
•very ro<nu; elevator mvi Milui*ui,BELLES AND BEAUX
IN POWDERED HAIR
Buds in Gorgeous Coloring
at the Leap- Year
Cotillon.
They Form Five Pretty Figures
Amid Brilliant Sur
roundings.
Characters Famous in History and
Fiction Gayly Trip the Light
Fantastic.
Buds and belles and stately matrons,
with powdered hair and fetching patches,
resplendent as stately ladies of the court,
characters famous in fact and fiction, or
attired in the picturesque habiliment of
the peasant, met and danced at Odd
Fellows' Hall last evening, and helped to
make the Christmas cotillon of the Friday
Nifrht Club a brilliant success.
The greatest diversity prevailed &% to
costuming, and the result was more than
beautiful. Stately Romola walked with
merry Beatrice, and a dainty Columbine
linked arms with Lady Teazle.
The gentlemen, with their usual
modesty, refrained from displaying their
symmetrical calves ana well molded limbs
in the many picturesque costumes they
might have worn with such becoming
advantages. Even tho Burlineame men
thrust aside their "pink coats," and as far
as dress went, the gentlemen of the
cotillon were all "flat, stale and unprofit
able.'
Never did Odd Fellows' Hall look as
handsome as last evenine. The skillful
decorators fairly outdid their happy
.effects at the initial cotillon, a no easy
task.
The hall was all draped In red, deep
rich red, that made the pavillion glow with
warmth and brilliant color. On the stage
were potted palms and ferns and brakes,
and in the midst of all the wealth of
greenery, three majestic poin«ettia thrust
their flaming. blossoms to the front.
Lamps shed a soft radiance over the
scene, lamps all shaded in red.
The straight, hard outline of the gallery
was hid by the many potted palms that
found place there. Had these .palms been
removed they would have disclosed a small
army of "juniors, to whom we look for our
belles and beaux of the future. At the i
Christmas cotillon little sisters and broth
ers are allowed to come and from the gal
leiy watch the more fortunate members
of their family as they move through the
intricate figures of the german.
Miss Alice Hager led the cotillon with
the assistance of Miss Van Ness, Miss Sal
lie Maynard and Miss Laura Bates.
In the first set were Miss Daisy Van
Ness and Dana Kilburn, Miss Sallie* May
nard and S. G. Boardman, Miss Laura
Bates and Lieutenant Rodgers, Miss Mary
Bel! Gwin and R. M. Eyre, Miss Alice
Hoffman and Latham McMuilin, Miss
Helen Hopkins and Gerald Rathbone,
Miss . MoIHe Thomas and A. Macondray,
Miss Frances Curry and E. M. Greenway,
Miss Miriam Moore and H. G. Mendeli Jr.,
Mrs. Thomas Magee and Mr. Magee, Miss
Kate Salisbury and Allen Garwcod Wright,
Miss Romie Wallace and A. D. Keys, Miss
Bertha Smith ana Thomas Breeze, Miss
Caro Crockett and ft. McE>e Duperu, Miss
Frances.Moore and E. Sessions. .->-"
Miss Haper introduced five figures:
First, the old but ever popular grand right
and left; second, the debutante's march;
third, the figure eight; fourth, fourcircles,
and filth, the sleigh bells and hoop.
In the four circles the sets danced round
a gorgeous Christmas tree and' the effect
\\a< most beautiful.
The easy manner in which Miss Hager
led won for her many encomiums.
At 11:30 the following elaborate supper
was served :
H?B8 . MENU.
Oysters Kscalloped.
Chicken Tiaibales a la Heine.
Chicken Salad.
I. oast Turkey.
Pate de Foie Gras en Gclee.
Ham and Tongue aa Gelee.
Bread and Batter Sandwiches.
Plomblere Nougaline Icecream.
Assorted Cakes. Camellia Cream Cake.
JP istache Cream Catce.
Japanese Cream Cake.
Candles. Almonds. Pecans.
Blaclt coffee.
Dry Champ ague.
After supper general dancing was re-
Eumed and continued for several hours.
Those present were: Miss Adams and Doug
lass Watson, Miss Ciertie Bates and R. W.
Campbell, Miss Bessie Bowie and Harry Prln
jf!e : Miss Genrud-.- Buckley and A. }'.. kus^el,
Miss Mollie Brown and L. S. Adams, M:ss Jen
uie Blair and Hairy A. I.ttub, Miss Lizzie Car
roll and a G. Buckbee, Miss Kuiel Cohen and
E. A. Wiltsee, Miss Geiievieve Caroltiu and H.
C. Pardee, 111 m Kate Clement aud R. G. Hook
er, Miss E.izabuth Cole ami Percy King, Miss
CuniiinKham and Fane Waiiiwri^lit, Mi~s
Mabei de Noon and t'eoree B. de Ling, SflH
Bertua M. Dolbeer and E. F. Houghton, Miss
Bernic? Drown aud Lawrence Van Win
kle, Miss Fanny Grant ana Leonard
Chenery, Miss Gibson and John Lawson,
Miss Goad and Tnomns McCaleb, Miss Louisa
Harrington and 11. C. Breeden, Miss Jessie
Hobart and Henry F. Button, Miss Hoffman
and Augustus Taylor. Miss Rose Hooper and
Burbauk Sommers, MIH Florence Josseiynand
Fred H. Coon, Miss Marguerite Joiliffe and A.
T. Allen, Miss Mary Kip and Edward McAfee,
Miss Bernice Landers tnd A. Wiilißras, Miss F.
Jyou^hborough and Louis Masten, Miss Mamie
McN'utt and Patrick Grant. Mrs. Percy Moore
und Mr. Moore, Miss Mai M^ody and Ray Sher
man, Miss Eva Moody and M. F. Davis, Mrs.
A. B. Moulder and Mr. Moulder, Miss Edith
Merry ai:d Leutenam Noian, Miss Eihel Paton
and J. A. O'Sullivai:, Miss Preston and
Avery McCarthy, Miss Rodgers and Thomas
Berry, Miss Cora Smed burg and Philip Tomp
k ns," Miss Ethel Smith and Lieutenant
Winn, Miss Helen Smith and A. D. Forbes,
Miss Alice Sprague anil A. R. Cotton, Miss
Florence M. Stone and Daniorth Boardman,
Miss Helen Stubbs and J. D. S'.ubbs, Miss May
Stubbs and George Arinsby, M:ss Schneely and
Lieutenant Landis, Miss Carrie Taylor and
i-outhard Hoffman, Miss Celia Tobiu and W. L.
Carrigan, Miss Beatrice To bin and Harry
Poett, Miss Marie Voorhles and Fred Keis, Miss
Helen Wagner and C. L. Bent, Miss Warburron
aid J W Warburton, Miss Juliette Williams
and R. C. Croxton. Mrs. M. S. Wilson ana W.
Mayo N'ewhail, Mrs. Wildes and Grimwood
Bryant.
Among the many handsomely gowned
ladies seen on the floor were:
Miss Alice Hager wore with becoming grace
the picturesque cosfume of a shepherdess.
Her s>kirt was of pink satin and the overdress
&nd bodice of white and pink pompadour silk.
The hair, which was powdered, fell into long
curls down either side ot her lresh young face.
A little parted hat with pink streamers l«nt
he finishing touch to the costume. Miss
Kager carried a crook topped with a huge
bunch oi La France roses. Not only did Miss
Jlager wear her costume gracefully, but she
carried out the conception of the shepherdess
perfectly.
Miss Carrie Taylor wore a Freuch costume of
white silk. The skirt, which reached just to
the ankles, was ornamented with long satin
streamers that fell Irom the slender waist. A
dainty white hat perched to one side and
coquettishly finished with a pink rosette com
pieiea the costume.
Miss Gibson looked extremely charming as a
Puritan maiden in pink *itk with pin* poke
bonnet ornamented with nodding pink
plumes. .
Mibs Sallie Maynard wore au evening dreg*
of striped pink and white silk. Her hair was
powdered. ...*•.« *
Miss Mary Belle Gwin wore an oid-fashioned
gown, such as our grandmothers might have
worn, it was a large-figured brocade, the rich
rose* on the pattern forming horizontal bands
about the full-flowing skirt. Her hair was
powdered .
Miss Daisy Van Ness wore a pink satin eyen
iPK gown. The square-cut neck was outlined
with pink roses, and there was a band of the
name flowers around the hem of the jupe.
Miss Cunningham wore a white satin gown
ornamented with jeweled bands. The hair
was dressed high and powdered.
Mrs. Henry I. Scott wure tin elegant black j
gown. The decollete waist was ornamented
with rare laces yellow with age.
Miss Rodgers wore a dainty pink and white
striped little French gown. The skirt reached
to the ankles and the bodice was of black vel
vet over a chemisette of white swiss.
Miss Celia Tobin wore a handsome white
satin gown. Her hair was powdered.
Miss Cora Smedbergr was attired in a light
blue silk evening dr.ss trimmed with lace and
bands of mink.
Miss Emily Hager wore a white satin Lady
Teazle gown. A large white hat, topped with
pale lavender plumes, rested upon the pretty
powdered hair.
Miss Jessie Hobart's gown was designed to
represent Frost. It was of white satin and
heavily spangled.
Miss Laura Bates wore a pink silk evening
gown, trimmed with white lace. Her hair was
powdered.
Mrs. George Lent wore a black gown, the
only touch of color being a naming red rose
pinned in her belt.
Miss Mac Stubbs looked charming in a short
skirt of rainbow tulle and pale-bine velvet
bodice. A blue velvet Napoleon hat completed
her costume.
Miss Mac Moody represented Autumn in a
wiiite satin gown trimmed with autumn
leaves. She wore a large black velvet hat
with brightly colored autumn loaves.
Mis 3 Eva Moody looked very pretty as a
French maid In dotted muslin and coquettish
white cap with black bows.
Miss Helen Hopkins looked stately and beau
tilul In a rich Pou:padour costume. The jupe
was of pale-blue tatin and the overdress of
white and blue pompadour silk. Her hair
wus powdered.
Miss Kate Salisbury looked beautiful in her
severely Diain black gown that Ret off toad
vantage her exquisite figure and noble car
riage. The hair was dressed high and pow
dered.
Miss Itelen Waener wore a yellow and black
Columbine costume.
Miss Bernice Drown wore an elegant Pompa
dour gown of pinkaud white silk. The bodice
wss of green velvet. She wore her hair pow
dered.
Miss Ethel Cohen wore a white silk gown.
Her hair was co:: lined with a white silk band
a la Greque.
Miss i-'rances Moore made a very attractive
"baby" in white ruulle over pink silk. She
wore "a large leghorn hat with a wreath of pink
roses .
Miss Juliette Williams wore a dainty pink
silk gown, the jupe of which was trimmed
witn innumerable little ilounees. A daiuty
pink hat completed the costume.
Miss Mollie Thomas wore a pink and white
Josephine gown and large white hat with pink
plumes.
Miss Kdte Clement was attired in a yellow
satin evening dress and wore her hair pow
dered.
Miss Caro Crockett wore an attractive pink
and white Pompadour costume.
Miss Rotnie Wallace's bright red gown and
green velvet was fashioned to represent a
rose.
The Misses Bertha, Helen and Ethel Smitn
represented Ireland, England and Scotland
respectively.
Mrs. Frank Carolan's white satin gown was
intended to represent "Morning."
Mis> Laura McKinsiry was attired as "Night"
in a black gown with gold stars.
Miss Gertrude Bates and Miss Marguerite
Joiliffe made most attractive Alsatian peasants
in short skirts and black velvet bodices.
Miss Rose Hooper was in a pink and blue
Pompndour gown.
Miss May Hoffman was attired as Beatrice in
a green brocaied satin, the pattern ol which
was outlined with pearls.
Miss Alice Hoffman represented '•Romola."
Her dress was an exact copy of the one worn
by Mrs. Tabor in the banquet scene in the
play of that name.
CHILDREN OF ST. MARY'S
Brilliant Christmas Festival
of the Cathedral
School.
Beautiful Tableaux of the Nativity
Events Presented by Boys
and G;rls.
The Christmas festival of St. Mary's
Cathedral Sunday-school took place last
eveninp: before a large audience in Na
tional Hall on Ellis street, near Van Ness
avenue. For spectacular beauty, for re
fined representations of events associated
with the nativity and for varied enter
tainment by children, the festival wns a
novelty and excellent in every feature. It
was composed mainly of tableaux, musical
selections and little plays which gave the
children an opportunity to be seen in
attractive roles. Archbishop Riordan was
present, and among the priests in the
audience were Rev. Fathers Prendergast,
McQuade, Mulligan and Dempsey.
The programme was lonjr, but it went
off smoothly without delays or a hitch of
any Kind. Colored calcium lights lent
their charm to tho srjell of the beautiful
tab'eaux, while in every spectacle the cos
tumes of the children were peculiarly
effective.
The programme was as follows:
Part I— Overture, "Dramatic" (Ferrazzi),
Sacred Heart College orchestra; chorus.
'•Christmas Bells," choir; recitation, "Jes*
'Fore Christmas," May Horn ; tableaux vivants,
"Les Escharpes"; lancy daiice, Gertie O'Con
nor.
Part ll— Selections from "Bohemian Girl"
(Balfe), Sacred Heart College orchestra;
tableau, "Angels' Serenade," children of Sun
day-school; solo, "The Holy City," Russell
Lowry. Piay. "Homnge to the Infant King."
Dramatis persona — Archangel, Belie Mur
phy; Angel, Evelyn Wooden; Zephyr, May
O'Cunnor; Earth, Marion Hennessy; Spring,
Haeel Dodge; Summer, May Horn ; Autumn,
Minnie Otto; Winter, Marie hiark; iieraids—
Gertie O'Connor, Rimuna Radciiffe, Irma
(Jlesting, Agnes Otto, May Wamcke, Tressa
I Hanalos, I^iretta Donohue, Alice McKenna,
Luciile Radciiffe, Mary Watson, Irene White,
May Fisher, Addie Brickley, Gertie Torniey.
Part ill— Selections, "Moore's Melodies,"
Miss E. Casey; tableau, "Tidings of Great Joy,"
boys of Sunday-school; review, "Our Fan Bri
gade"; fancy dancing, Charlie aud May
O'Connor.
Part IV— Solo and chorus, "Noel," choir,
EOioists — Jennie Nichols n, Marie Venchi
arutti, chorus in unison— Juiet Kertaud, Ma
rion Hennessy, Mary McCarthy, Maude Vulice
vich, Bessie Gowan, Ljcy Dunne; interlude,
"First Love Gavotte," S. H. C. orchestra.
"Christmas Tree" — Dramatis personae: John
Wolf, an old farmer, Frank J. Sullivan; Ann
Wolf, his wife, Margaret Nesfield; Lena, their
daughter, Cesca Rogers; Frederick Hammer,
their son-in-law, William E. Lahy; Martha
Hammer, their daughter, Helen Steveus; Wil
liam and Herman, sons of Frederick and
Martha, Masters Brickley and Armstrong;
finale, "Marksmen's Parade March" (Fahr
bach), S. H. C. orchestra.
The participants in the various numbers
of the programme are as follows:
Choir— Stella Baccus, Viola Bacigalupi,
Edna Barnes, Helena Bellew, Juliet Bertaud,
Marie Bertaud, Clotilde Besby, Addie Brick
ley, Josie Craven, Clarisse Culligan, Pet Culli
gun, Frances Denechnud, Alice Donohue, Lucy
Dunne, Emily Gu«co, Alice Gowan, Bessie
Gowttn, EMith Gowan, Adrien Guitard, Millie
Handlo-, Kittie Hay, May Heulv, .Marion Hen
nessy, Mary McCarthy, Grace McKenzie, Mar
garut Nesfifld, Jennie Nicholson, Irene Otto,
Minnie Oito, Agnes Siatt-ry, Marie Stark,
Genevieve St. Clair, Helen Stevens, Emma
Stevenson, Lillian Sullivan, Genevieve
Thomas, Mabel Trige, Marie Venchlarutil,
Maude Vullcevich, Kiltie Wilton, Maggie
Yarrow and Queenie Mulroney.
Fan brigade— Marie Bertaud, Alice Donohue,
Alice Gowan, Edith Gowan, Queenie Mulroney,
May Kelly, Irene Olio, Lillian Sullivan.
Les Escharpes — Stella Baccu*, Viola Baciga
lupi, Aiice Donohue, Emma Estes, Marie Fitz
mnurlie, Mary Guerin, May Kelly, Carrie Led
den, Lillian Sullivan.
Tableau (sbepheid*)— C. Byrne, Matt Cane
van, James Casey. Joseph Casey, J. Doody,
John Flotiey, David Glennon, J. Goyhenix. £.
•Hoj?an, Robert Rogers; angel, Clement Mil
wnrd.
Tableau— "Angels' Serenade"— Blessed Vir
gin, Juliet Bertaud; angels— Helena Bellew,
Cloti'.de Besby. Addie Brlekley, Mazia Burns,
Kittie Cole, Angela Coyle, May Coyle, Ciarisse
Culligan, Kittie Cull, Pet Culligan, Frances
Denechaud. Lucy Dunne, Flossie Estes, Bessie
Gowan, Millie Handles, May Healy, Mabel
Meade, Agnes Satterv, Florence Murphy,
Marguerite O'Dounell, May O'Donnell, Emma
Stevenson, Belle McDonald, Irene White, Kitty
Wilton, Maggie Yarrow.
The school has a membersh ip of 600 and
a teaching corps of fiity, who instruct the
children in the New Testament, Bible his
tory, church history and the catechism of
Christian doctrine.
Rabbi Nieto to Lecture.
Rabbi Jacob Nieto has accepted the invita
tion ot the faculty of tue Leland Stanford Jr.
University, Palo Alto, to deliver a lecture to
the students to-morrow.
A Bottle of Evans' lndia pale ale makes a
man feel that Hie is worth living, even
though there was nothing else. Sherwood &
Sherwood, Pacific Coast agents. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
STUDYING THE
WINE INTERESTS
Special Envoy G. Rossati
Arrives Here From
Italy.
Our While Wines and Light
Reds, He Says, Are Really
Excellent.
Difference Between the Eastern and
California Grapes — Italy's Expert
Stations Over the World.
Signor G. Rossati, special envoy of the
Italian Government to study the wine
industry in the United States, and make
an elaborate report thereon, is at the Cali
fornia.
Italy for some years past has had what
it calls expert stations in the great cities
of the world, where the best Italian wine
is kept for advertising purposes, and where
expert wine men lire in charge. It is the
duty of the experts to detect all adultera-
SPECIAL ENVOY GUIDO ROSSATI of Italy, Who Is Here to
Report on the California Wine Interests.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artUU
tiona, or attempted adulterations of Ital
ian wines, and thus keep the standard of
Italian wines high. Stations of this kind
are maintained in London, Switzerland,
New York and other cities.
Signor Rossati has had charge of the ex
pert station in Switzerland two years, of
the one in London s x years and of the
station in New York for about a year. He
was a thorough wine man in the Degin
mn£. having been born to the business,
besides attending a wine-school for eight
y ears.
He has for some time past, in accord
ance with the duties as special envoy to
which he has recently been appointed,
been visiting New York, Ohio aud Mis
souri and studying the grape and wine
interests there.
Now he has come to California. He
has already spent several days in the out
lying vineyards, and has been examining
and testing the wines. He intends travel
ing all over the State, and will spend at
least a month here.
"Italy is desirous of extending the sale
of her wines," said Mr. Rossati, "but be
sides ibis she wants to learn all she can
ol the grape and wine industry, as carried
on in other parts of the world. Special
representatives have been sent by Italy
recently to all parts of the globe to get
this information.
"Wine-making is a mighty industry
with ns, and we want to keep in the front
in tne industry, and also create new mar
kets and extend old ones.
" The grape and wine industry in the
States East is entirely different from what
it is in Calitorma. Here it is almo3t ex
actly what it is in Italy. You grow the
sume grapes, have the same soil and
enmate and handle the business simi
larly, but on a great scale, as becomes a
great country like this.
"I have been surprised to find your
wines so good, especially tho white wines
and the light red, or Zmfaudels, with
which I am really charmed.
"All the grapes of the East consist of
the Lauruscas, or the Concords, Cataw
bas, Deiawares and similar varieties.
They are more a table grape than suitable
for wine. These grape* are indigenous to
the East, with one other kind mat I aaw
th«re, tne Riparia, or wild grape, which
is found along tho Mississippi. They
tried to gra.t .hat grape, out did not sue
ceed with it. T..e grapes in these States
are subject to phylloxera, and there is no
good remedy ior that there. Besides,
they have the mildew. It is not really a
country for wines.
''This, on the contrary, is a natural
'wine country. You have the viniferous
varieties here as we have in Italy. 1 shall
stay here for a month and go allovcrthe
State."
Signor Rossati was unfortunate in fall
ing a day or two ago on his left hand and
fracturing his left wrist. In consequence
he has it in plaster of naris and yesteiday
was in bed all day to rest. He expects to
be fully recovered by Monday.
A EUREEA ROMANCE
Miss Evans to Travel 5000 Miles to
Wed Luuis Putnam.
Among the passengers arriving on the
steamer Pomona from Eureka yesterday
was Miss Annie Evans, who contemplates
a voyage of 5000 miles across the broad Pa
cific, to terminate in a happy weddin:-.
Miss Evans is an accomplished young
society belle of Eureka. She is the third
daua liter of Manager Da via Evans of the
Excelsior Kedwood Company, one of the
best-known redwood millmen on the coast,
and is a native of Eureka, where she was
i orn twenty-two years ago.
The happy man is Louis Putnam, 25
yearn of age, who occupies a responsible
position with the branch of toe American
Trading Company at Kobe. He is the
only son of the veteran hotel man, A. J.
Putnam of Eureka, and while not a native
of that place, crew to manhood there. In
fact, the attachment of the young couple
dates back to their school days in Eureka.
Mis 3 Evans, after spend ing a few days in
San Francisco, will continue her journey
by rail to Tacoma, where a married sister
resides, thence to Vancouver, B. C, to
take the steamer to Yokohama.
NO MORE BANANA PEELS.
The Supervisors Will Probably Pnss an
Ordinance »t Monday's Meeting
Abating the Nuisance.
The Health and Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors decided yester
day to recommend for passage the or
dinance presented by the Bonrd of Health
prohibiting the throwing of banana peels
and other rubbish on the floors of public
buildings and streetcars and on the side
walks of public streets.
Tne committee also decided to return to
the board without recommendation the
ordinance prohibiting; expectoration in
ttie places named in the otlier measure.
LIBEL TO BE REHEARD.
Wlllinm K. Hearst Secure* a New Trial
in the tuit With Lotta's
Lawyer.
Technicalities have saved William R.
Hearst, for the present at least, from the
consequences of a libel of which he was
found guilty in the Superior Court, upon
John W. Turner. The Supreme Court
yesterday ordered a retrial.
The story which caused the trouble for
Mr. Hearst was printed in the Examiner
December 7, 1893. The central point was
an allegation that Lotta Crabtree, the
actress, bad caused Turner's arrest upon
criniinul charges and that the case was
compromised by notes given by a Plumas
County lawyer to the acress.
The Supreme Court rinds that Turner
was Lotta's lawyer and t at it was an
other man with whom she had trouble.
The story got into the Examiner by the
act of a reporter who. in rewriting an item
from the Evening Post about the case,
mixed up the names. Hearst escaped for
the time being because Judge Dainger
rieid instructed the jury that it was the
duty of the Examiner to apologize to
Turner; and also because Judse SlacK,
who sat one day during the trial of the
libel, in the absence of Judge Dauigerrield,
failed to pass on the bill of exceptions
taken while he presided.
FATHER YORKE DISMISSED.
Judge Campbell Held the Complaint to
lie Fatally Defective.
Tho preliminary examination of Father
P. C. Yorke for criminal libel alleged to
have been committed in an article pub
lished in the Monitor reflecting on George
Thistleton was yesterday briefly disposed
of. A large crowd, chiefly the friends of
the defendant, was in attendance and it
was found necessary to remove from Judge
Campbell's courtroom to the more
spa-ious quarters of Judi?e Joachiir.yen.
Even then only a small portion ot those
in waiting could be admitted.
After reading the complaint W. W.
Foote made a technical objection to the
complaint. In the discubsion Judge
Campbell raised the point that the alleged
libelous statement to the effect that "the
rea hand of Rome had landed him in San
Quentin" was not sufficiently specific.
Foote urged the point, declaring It was
necessary in a criminal complaint to con
strue a complaint strictly. K. M. Smith,
Thiatleton's attorney, argued that the
words should be taken in their comrcon
acceptation in the State in whicti they
are used. Judge Campbell, however, held
that the statement that a man had been
landed at San Quentin did not necessarily
imply he had keen there as a convict and
accordingly dismissed the case.
Smith says a new complaint will be
filed.
Ladles, Give Your Husbands
One of our nice wool jackets or sweaters;
also see our line of gloves, mu filers, silk hand
kerchiefs, suspenders, etc., etc., all at lowest
figures. The Old I X L, L. V. Merle, proprie
tor, corner Kearny and Commercial streets
and corner Sixth and Mission streets. *
Waldteufel Statuary.
The United States Grand Jury was engaged
yesterday in looking into the Waldteufel stat
uary case. It will be remembered that several
mouths ago Treasury Agent Major Moore
called the attention of Collector Wise to the
fact that there were exposed for sale in A.
Waldteufel & Co.'s store on Market street three
statues intended lor church purposes, upon
which duties l:ad not been paid, und which
had been imported into the country with an
order of similar goods for Rev. Father Hahn
of Banning. This work was evidently done by
falsifying tho invoice. The goods at the Mar
ket-street store were seized and now the
Grand Jury is encienvorlng i o find who is the
guilty party who got the goods landed under
the circumstances stated. The priest irom
Banning wns among the witnesses before the
jury yesterday.
Garcia Goe« to State Prison.
"This man seems to think he has a rlsrht to
take human life whenever he is provoked and
I cannot see that it is a case of leniency," said
Judge Wallace yesterday when Joseph Garcia,
convicted of stabbing John Monahan, stood
up for sentence. His Honor thought thm
kind of a man dangerous while nt large and
retired him to San Quentin at hard labor for
ten years.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
TWICE ONE'S TWO,
SAYS THE COURT
Mathematics Applied to
Turlock Irrigation
Bonds.
Lands Were Advertised for Sale
to Pay Interest Money
Claimed Due.
Stockholders Now Have Secure! an
Order for the Renewal of
tn Irjunction.
The sale of realty belonging to stock
holders of the Turlock irrigation district
for failure to pay an assessment to raise
interest payments on the bonds of the
district wilt be stayed. This was decided
practically by the Supreme Court yester
day in the case of Hughson et al. vs. Crane.
The last named, Crane, was the collector
of the Turlock irrigation district, and
advertised the property of several of the
stockholders for sale because they were
delinquent in their assessment?. They
secured a temporary injunction against
Crane. He demurred to the proceedings
in some particular. Now the Supreme
Court has instructed the Superior Court
to overrule the demurrer, which the Supe
rior Court previously sustained, and also
has reversed the order by which the in
junction acainst Crane was dissolved.
The Supreme Court finds, as the result
of a little figuring, that the stockholders
were justified in not paving the assess
ment levied to provide the interest on tne
bonds. This figuring is as follows:
Deducting from $524,000, which is alleged
to be tne amount ot bunds in question in the
case, the sum of $150,000, the amount of
bonds "whicn arc specifically shown to have
been Illegally delivered to Gorrill," and there
remains only $374,000 in bonds for which an
assessment coulu be levied. The total amount
of the assessment was over $40,000. The in
terest on $374,000, at the rate of 6 percent
per annum, would amount to $23,200, and
when the assessment was laid there was
nearly $10,000 in tho treasury applicable to
pay the assessment.
The wording of the opinion, which was
written by Justice Harrison, was clear
concerning tho liability of the stockhold
ers for this particular assessment, being
as follows: "It" the facts set forth in the
complaint are true they sufficiently justi
lied the refusal of the plaintiffs to pay the
assessment, and call upon tne defendant
fit ncr to deny their existence or re-estab
lish other facts that will give Dim the
rieht to collect the assessment by the sale
of the plaintiffs' lands."
The validity ot the bonds was not
brought into question in this suit and the
Supreme Court called attention to the
fact. The joining of Gorrill or HicKman
in the suit it was also said I. y the court
was not necessary. L. M. Hickman was
the man who in 18'JJ bought $550,000
bonds ol tue oricinai issue of $000,000,
at the rate of 90 per cent ot their full
value, with the tigreement that he was to
pay the district for all that he received
above 00 per cent after deducting the cost
of selling them. He did not pay for any
bonds. Gorrill was the contractor who
built the dam for the irrigation system
and took $150,000 in bonds in payment for
his work. Hickman was merely the agent
of the board of directors for the sale of
the bonds. The decision in this case will
prove interesting throughout the San
Joaqmn Valley and to all persons con
nected with California irrigation districts,
either as stockholders or holders of the
bonds. .
"CHRIST BEFORE PILATE"
The Rrplica, by Nelson A.
Primus of Boston, Is
Exhibited.
It Will Be Shown Every Night Next
Week to Audiences of the ,
Co umbia Iheater.
A private view of a copy of the famous
painting, "Christ Before Pilate," was
given yesterday afternoon at the Colum
bia Theater. All who saw the picture
were invited by Messrs. Friedlander,
Goitlob & Co. and presented with a full
description of it, so that an intelligent
idea of what it represented could be had.
During the afternoon a stream of people
passed through the theater doors to see
the painting.
After leaving the sunlight the change
was so great that a first impression of the
picture was not satisfaclory. The electric
light shining down upon a large canvas
was disturbing. The colors appeared to
be largely dominated by browns.
This feeling soon wore away, however,
on becoming accustomed to the darK
theater and the lighted picture, stretching
full across the stage. Then the life-size
figures came out strongly, and by degrees
matters of detail in drapery and features
began to show themselves, and the effect
was quite pleasing.
The picture was painted by Nelson A.
Primus in Boston and has been exhibited
in several cities. It will be shown every
night next week to Columbia audiences as
a compliment to patrons of the theater.
The following description of the paint
ing was given yesterday to those who
viewed it:
Shows the interior of the Praetorium, a
large, square apurtment, lighted through an
opening in the roof, with Christ standing in
the loreground facing l'ilate, before whom
Caiaphas is making a violeutspeech of accusa
tion. Groups of judges and curious spectators
on the right andamobcomposingthe worstele
ments of the population tii.lng the background
on the left. Only three personages can be defi
nitely ioentifled byname, Christ, Pilaieand Caia
phas. The hign priest, Caiaphas, stands erect
at the right of i'ilate; on a seat which extends
along a projection of the lower stair of the
judgment seat is a typical Pharisee, rich and
insolent. A figure whicii occupies a promi
nent position is the tcriDe, perched high on a
seat against the wall ; at the right of the Gov
ernor sit two judges; beniud Caiaphas and
Pharisee appear three priests, who are dis
cussing "the case"; to the leit of the judg
ment seat sit two other priests.
One-third oi the Praetorinm at the left, and
the vestibule, which opens on a suuny, Ori
ental lumiscape, are tilled with the surging
and raging multitude. They threaten to
crowd into the judgment hall, bnt a Roman
soldier checks them with hi^ extended spear.
To the left of Christ an impudent, knavish
goffer bends on one side and leans over tho
railing to sneer in the face of the Savior. On
tne left of the soldier a rude feilow lifts both
arms in the air ami cries out with wide open
mouth, "Crucify him !" T.ius giving the pass
word to the turbulent mob in tne background.
In the midst of the narrow-minded, fanatical
multitude stands a young mother holding a
child iv her urni.-, looking compassionately,
almost believing ou Christ. This is the only
iemale figure in the composition and hers Is
the only face expressing pity for the accused.
Thus it aeti as a foil, intensifying by compari
son the hatred and malignity in the laces by
which it is surrounded.
The annual profit of the Suez canal is
£1,500,000.
NEW TO-DAY.
iVUJNYON
Honest Testimonials From
Well-Known People
ARE POSITIVE PROOF
That Munyon's Improved Homeo-
pathic Remedies Cure Catarrh,
Rheumatism, Dyspepsia,
and the Most Obsti-
nate Diseases.
Ask Your Druggist for M ut> y on'.-t Guide
to Health. Select a 25- Cent Remedy
and Cure Yourself.
Mr. A. Melsted has this to say of Man-
yon's Remedies: "For years I have suf-
fered with acute rheumatism, which has
affected me in various parts of the body.
I have tried many so-called 'cures,' but
never realized any benefit. I have spent
hundreds of dollars with doctors, and had
become quite discouraged, when the Her-
ald made its free distribution of your
'Rheumatism Cure.' I determined to
make one , more effort to set relief, and,
contrary to my expectations. I had not
taken more than three doses before I be-
gan to improve, and, before I had finished
.he little via), every acne and pain had
disappeared. I cannot say too much in
praise of these wonderful little pellets. ,
"A. MELSTED,
116 and 118 West Second street,
"Los Angeles, Cal."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom
fails to reneva in from one to three hours,
and cures in a few days. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
troubles. -Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold-Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price, 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats; allays soreness, and speed-
ily heals the lungs. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures/
pains in the back, loins or groin and all
forms of kidney disease. Price, 25c.
unyon's Nerve Cure cures all thesymp- !
toms of nervous exhaustion, such as de- |
pressed spirits, failure of memory, restless I
and sleepless nights, pains in the head and
dizziness. It stimulates and strengthens
the nerves and is a wonderful tonic.
Price. 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops bead-
ache in three minutes. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache,
biliousness, jaundice, constipation and all
liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are '
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three mm- '
utes and cure in five days. Price, 50c each.
-Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail. |
The Catarrh Cure — price 25c eradicates
the disease from the system, and the Ca-
tarrh Tablets — price — cleanse and heal
the parts. .
Munyon's imparts new life, re- !
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated |
men. Price, ?1.
Munyon's Remedies at all druggists',
mostly 25 cents a vial. •
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "Guide to Health,!' a valu-
able little medical publication that snould
be in every home.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, .Philadelphia, , Pa., . answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THE PEOPLE OF THE
STATE OF .'CALIFORNIA: Many un-
scrupulous drug 1 ,- cutters, who,, having
forced the selling price of BIUXYOX'S
REMEDIES to co«t. and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not good,' and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they ■ will recom-
mend' as being better. Such men are
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. .Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting 3.U.NYOVS. J
$ "The North Pole made use of at last." I?
t ¥
*"^ ■HNHr -^iiaitf^^^ VfKlhi '
| PLUG |
1 Always at the front and wherever 1
§ "BATTLE ; AX" goes it is the 1
i biggest thing in sight* It is as re- S
S markable for its fine flavor and quality g
9 as for its low price* A 10 cent piece |>
|k of "BATTLE: AX "Vis almost § '■
g twice as large as a 10 cent piece of p
§ any other equally good tobacco* §
1 M<wwMM(wmtmtmtmtmtmtmtmt&zmzmt6&
' OOSMOPOXJZTA.JKT,
Opposite V. 8. Mint, 100 ana 102 Fifth sc, -Ua
Francisco, Cat. — The most select famllv hotel in
the city. . Board and room 1, $1 25 and $1 50 par .
day, according ,to room. r. Meals 25c . Kooms SOs
and 75c a day. .Free coach to and from the , notau • |
IiOOK for the coach, bearing the name of . inn Cot* ''■
MOMUUii iiowl. Wit k'AiM*. V*twi«i«. 1
yg vr to-pat:
WDES OTHERS FAIL COISBLT
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A physician whose reputation is established
by ten years of successful practice at 737 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
NERVOUS DEBILITY, MM
hidden vices or excesses, is the curse of hu-
manity, the unpardonable sin. It blights all
the pleasures of youth. It deadens the spirits
and weakens the brain. Its train of ills and
evils tears down the strongest constitution
and completely wrecks the mental and physi-
cal man. Thousands of young and middle-
aged men through this scourge of humanity
have found homes in insane asylums or filled
suicide's v graves. It has broken up mora
homes, caused more desertions and separ-
ations than all other evils combined. If you
are a sufferer from ti.is monster of all diseases
you should consult . Doctor Sweany. He can
positively and permanently restore your wasted
and weakened powers, your health and your
strength. .
AUICAIf RAP If Brings an untimely
WEAR UAUIV death. It is an un-
mistakable sign of diseased kidneys. Does your
back. ache? Do you have sediment or- brick;
dust deposit in the urine? Do you urinate fre-
quently? Have you weakness of the sexual
organs, partial or total impotency? If you
have any of these symptoms you have dis-
eased kidneys. To neglect these troubles
means to you diabetes or firight's disease and
a premature grave. . Dr. Sweany invariably
cures these diseases -',: vv.-i-
-IfADIPnOCI C Hydrocele and all
VMnluUuilLEli der difficulties treated
with unfailing success.
DIIDT I I DC New method, sure cure, pain-
nUi 1 UltCi less treatment, no detention
from work, no experiment. A positive, cer-
tain and permanent euro.
PRIVATE DISEASES. K;" a
stricture cured. Syphilis, the leprosy of the
age, positively and torever cured. .
.I.ADI as will receive special and careful
treatment for all their many ailments.
TVIUTE, if away from the city. Book,
"Guide to Health," a treatise on all organs
and their diseases, free on application.
Call or address
F. L SWEANY, M. D.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Udl S the ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
UPIiX LI NT 11. MIByiGUT.
EIiECTRIO BEIjTS
.- .  ». <i>r 'i'liVf . Are good things If prop.
' '•^•''y£ur*\&i "t^^ ''■'■ • T made; but thera ii
i^^vWwStSN^ "° sense in pavinij v his;t»
fT»Ss£^x£>Z<S^£jf\ price for a poor artlcu
Bs^?\^ > 'j* *\i^rJ^Sf simply because coma aJ-
'S^CS^Siini^rarJ^Bl vet-using "quack" ne-
*sS3/rt[sSa3Tßf Jk*T niands it. i^uy no Belt
""y^^^^ef^vSSr-- till you sea Dr. Pierce 1 *.
ft OS" Book Free. Call ot
(■ <\a^ <{ address I>K. PIE i; OK
<t.,'> & SON, 704 Sacrameu: »
i'l'.". '"'' • St., cor. Kearny, S. *'
Branch Office 640 MarKet st.. & V.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLKS H. PHILLIPS. ATTOKNEY-ATW
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market sr., qppn»
lite Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence itiUß
tell street. Telephone •' Pino " 2691.
BSSSSM W/ICOX COMPOUND
Jmg wncox compound
rANSYIPHLS
Sssf Safe and tare relief, never fail, otters
Wtjsw are imitations. At all druggists. W rite for
JEE*fl Worn/in* Safeguard FREE. WILCOX JiEDI*
jtsvu CUTS (JO., 22}£u. ElgUtU st., Fbiiada., fa»
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MMMAI'.V of the aiAKKiixa.
•■liver * fraction lower.
Wheat quiet. Barley lower.
Oats, Cora and Rye dull.
Hay easy. Feedstufis unchanged.
Beans «nd Feeds anil.
Blight changes In Klce.
lo a: ops and Vegetables as before,
Pickled Butter lonor.
Ki(gs show more steadiness.
Cheese In light supply.
Poultry plentiful and dull.
Home steady.
Fresh and Dried Fruit quiet.
oranges depressed and plentiful,
No change In Provisions.
Mpb: market as before.
Larger receipts of Coal.
New York Exchange higher.
Increased export! of Lumber.
MTMIJEK EXPORTS.
Expert! of Lumber from this port during the
first 11 months of 1866 were 30,162.000 feet.
against 16,480,000 feet for the mine time !n 1895.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figure!
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath It, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect noln p of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or Jotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "nlch" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us' ally first appeal on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the Interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and Month along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when th* "low" I* Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WKATIIEII lUWKAU KKrOBT.
Unitkd Status Dkpartmest or Aoßtcni,
tckk. Weather BtTMEAU, sax Francisco. Dec.
18, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions ar.d general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same dale last season:
Eureka 16 63 inches, last searon 12.70 Inches:
Bed Bluff 9 46 Inches, last season 6.34 Inches:
San Francisco 8.80 Inches, last season 3.16
Inches: Fresno 3.64 Inches, last seaaou .81 of an
Inch; San Luis Oblspo 5.97 Inches, lest season 3.60
Inches; Los Angeles 3 fr»:i Inches, last season 1.37
Inches; San Diego 2.73 inches, last season 1.43
inches; Yuma 1.14 inches, last season .32
of an Inch.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 46, 111 • an 48.
An area of high pressure Is central this evening
In Utah and a well defined storm is central off the
>onherti Washington cOH«t. I- air weather prevails
throughout California, Nevada and Ulan. while
cloudy weather Is reported from the Nor ii Pacific
Biatt-s and ruin Is tailing throughout Washington.
High southerly winds prevail along the Wnsh
liiKton coast. A maximum wind velocity of 52
miles per hour Is reported from Fort Canby. It is
not p\ pected that this storm will affect the weather
In < a liornlu.
Forecast made nt Sun Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight December 19, 1896:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, except
partly cloudy In extreme north portion; fresh
northerly winds shifting to southerly in extreme
north portion.
southern California— Fair Saturday: fresh north
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
!-iin Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
fresh generally, northerly winds.
W. 11. Mammon. Forecast Official.
NEW YORK .MAHKKTa.
Financial.
yr.W YORK. N. A.. Dec. 18. -The day opened
quiet, but by ilie end of the session It proved to be
one of the most eventful at the Stock Exchange
for a long lime past. Af.er a moderate decline the
usual rally ensued. Later, when news came from
Washington that the Senate Committee of Foreign
Relations decided to report - favorably the
Cameron resolution to recognize the Independence
of Cuba It did not take lung for the street to reach
a conclusion as to the Importance of this action,
and th-< dullness was a. most Immediately sup
planted by active and steady drillings at steadily
• •'<■! in Ink- prices, and sovere Icssrs ere sustained
by leadhiK shares. The execution of stop orders
accelerated tin- downward movement, which was
• qual to > •jfatjl'ij P pr nut. Several attemp.s were
tiiude to ' r..n\ .he market, but < ach recovery was
int't with a flooo of offering and toe suit whs at
tin' close many stock were at the lowest point of
the day.
The only marked rally was In Sugar, Beading,
General KWctrlc and lenncsiee coal and iron,
which closed I.:.!' 2 per cent above the lowest.
The feeling In me final trading wus one of uneasi
ness. Total sales were 392,787 shares.
The bond market was heavy. Total sales were
91.583,000. lIUOII genera! four* Ml lij: do
Adjustment, 1: Chesapeake .-.nd Ohio general four
and a half', lVi: v'lilca';o and Northern Pacific
first five* certificates, is 8 ; Chicago and Kas'.ern
Illinois general fives 1: general r leriric dnben
lure fives, 2; Houston And Texas Centra, first
fives, 1; Kansas an<i Texas aecouds, }*/&: uhlo
Southern fours certificates, IVi: do first »lxes, 2;
Reading general threes. «■«; no first preferred. 3;
do icconOSi ■*,^: .Norti)*-rn Paclri> - third*, 1%;
southern Ralt««y consolidated fives, a; Texas
Pacific seconds, l'/s: Toledo. St. Louis and Kan
sas C-ty lint slxis certificates, 2; and Maiuiard
Rope and Twine sixes, 2.
In -eminent bonds coupon fours of 1925
brought I'M. coupon lives 114 and coupon fours
01 1907 111 '
Grain.
riOTR-Uu'.l. steady. Winter wheat, low grades,
»V 20(B3 30: fair to lancy, (3 36<a4 76: do pat
ents, (4 90@6 26: Minnesota dear, *:t 60M4
-do straights. *4@4 60: do patents. «4 05@5 06:
low extras. $2 *.o(it3 30: city mills. ?4@.">; do pat
ents. $6 10a5 2o: rye mixture. |3 '20(23 3i|- su
p4>rna«,fS 10*43 30; fine. $2 900.S 0* .•southern
flour "lull, steady; common 10 fair, extra, f 3fo,;i as
goo.l to choice do. S , 06(»3 85. Rye Hour
quiet, steady, £1 h:»<fl,3 25. v
i'OK.NMKAL.-uuiet, s.eady. Yellow Western.
«1 95®i05. '
RVK-Q lieu Western, 45c delivered
BAULKY- Quiet. Feeding, 28c c. I. f. Buffalo.
\vhi:a t - spot inar.ei moderately active,
weaker: February, 9&Vsc; ungraded red. 80tt
95V4c; No. 1 Northern. Bfc»/sc
i 'pt.ons »ere dull and irregular, closing weak at
from i,-2 c to l'.sc decline, following ihe West
lower stock marKet and the Cuban trouble. May
an 1 March were moil active. .No. 2 red, January
si. March, 87H«: May, »6Vbc; July, 81cs De
cember, 86^ga . i
CVMt.N— >pui, rn«ler, dull. No. X, IBVi@2BV<ie
elevator , 29Vi@"-i9V«jC afloat; No. a yellow,
Options weieuuil, weak and i. 4c4 c lower with the
Went, with only light local trade. May only
traded In. December, 2»s/ 8 c; January, l:8'»/ 8 c;
May, 31V4C. ™ '
WAI'S- spot*, dull, steady. December, 21Mc-
January, 22»40t May, 2414 c. '
Options dull. easy. Deceiubcr, 28 Vic: January,
22y 8 c; May. -.Mrs-- r * r%
.-l.ot prices: -no. 2. 11*49290. No, 2 white,
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMKELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff st. Tel. Main 1054.
I'INTXI I. OPFIrB --.-..
633 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 583*.
Uptown Office— Ball win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 339.
PDRDY A ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market que-
- lotions. Reference Ist National Bank, s. F.
m,i-A U ,i i'iaVAii^'iUi. XHW YU&X>
26%e: -No. 2 Chicago, 22*,ic; .No. 3. 20c; No. 3
wh<ie. if'.'VaC: mixed Wesitr.i, 205523 c; white do,
230300. ::■■::':/
Provision*.
t « Rp-Qulet, nominal. Western sf«m. 9*4 12%
«4 15: Cltv. $.i 70: li(c«mb>r. 94 05, nominal,
He fined qnlet; Continent. §4 40: South American
$4 25: (urniioiind. 4&'j,!34U.r.
PoKK-Dull. steady. New mess, $8 25@8 75.
ilUTJKJt— Choice, firm: far demand. Western
rrentnery. J4fts'2iy a c: do factory, 7012 c: Hum*
iJ@2ly c: creamery. 11@16%0.
v-hkjb..sk— Steady, moderate demand: 3V»c.
F.GGH_Firm. l<«-house. 16®17c: Western iresb.
20@22c: doca^e, 92©4: limed. 16c.
I ALLOW-Qulel. City, 3V4c: country, 3y«@
3*/gc
COTTONSEKDOIL— Steady. Crude, 19Vi@'20c;
yellow prime, 23c.
KlCK— Firm. .Domestic, 3%@6c; Japan, 4i/ 8
4%c. -..-•>•
MOLASSRS— Firm, moderate demand. New
Orleans, new, 25<£K4c. -
I'OPPKK— 6 points op: December, 99 20;
January, $!) 30; Marcn. 99 3D&9 35; May. *U 35:
i-epteiutir-r, ify 35M-9 46. fcpo;. Rio, dull, steady.
No. 7. 10c.
HroAH-Dull, unchanged. Off A. 4y 8 c; mold i
A, 4%e: standard A. 4S/,c; conleotloners' A, j
4V4C: cut loaf. sc: crushed. 6c; powdered. 4%c; i
granulated, 4S/»c; cubes, 4ty«c.
1 mlt niul I'roflucn.
at MONDS- Paper shell, ll@12c; soft shells,
B®ev 3 c.
A full OTH— Bags, Bg&llc.
lh/ciiKS-r»fiwi, I4®ir>c; unpeelwi. 709 c.
PRUNES — Four sizes, nominal, .1 (it s Vie.
RAISINS— Two-crown. 4%c; 8-crown, 6%c;
4-crown, 6V3C London layers, 91 45@1 50;
cluster*, f ! t,../0.2.
JlOPb— Qnl»t: unchanged.
WOOL- Quiet, ilrm, unchanged.
Merchandise.
PlOl ßON— Moderate demand American, 9H@
18.
COPPreR-Quiet; Lake. 911 2O«oil 60.
LKAD — Finn. Domestic. -S@6 05.
UN— Steady. traits, 911 80. Plates quiet.
tP£LTKR-J>ulJ; Domestic 94 16®iaj.
CHICAGO >ial!Ki:ts.
CJTTCAno. Ji.t... Dec. 18.— The big export
clearances of flour from Newport New* yesterday
which were given as 140.000 barrels, having
turned out to be but 14U.0U0 pounds or 7oo bar, i
rels, th» people who bought whea-, on the report |
wore ready to go I at the opening of the market <
this morning. Consequent y lo.ver prices pre- ;
vailed. Liverpool cables were steady to %d 1
lower, which w» ano.her disappointment. Dur- I
ing the fir.it half hour a report wai circulated that |
the northwestern stoc wou'd decrease one mil- |
II hi bushels or the week, and ft sharp upturn of |
half n ce.ni wan tho result. Ino story was dl* |
pro ed later, and the proper estimate shown to be
95<»,000 bushels Inclusive. Those whobouKHton
the rumor then threw tli«lr wheu. on tne market,
prices dropping lack on selling as much a.i they
had previously Advanced on liuytuv. Receipts In
th.< Kdrtliwaai were 383 cars az.itn.t 637 l»'t Fri
day and 7:'(t» year ago. Chicago hal 4X cars an 1
Inspected ou; 73.212 bushels Kxpnrt clearance*
I were light nt 'J04.:<1i6 bushels. Closing continen-
I tal rabies were higher. '1 he clos- was weaker on
ropomd shipments of goM from New York to
1 urni M»y wh-at opened from 79%(& >U l'-c.l '-c.
sold botween Hi)B/ a 'cMHi Va<". closing nt 7 »>»/>«' %c
under yesterday. ...mlmaled r-cMpt*for to mor
row 31 cars- No. 2 red spot wheat 88%@89tyBC
clnMnif ano.it HM/»c.
CORN- The corn market was neither active nor
In cresting. ltu<lne<s m*in!nln<*<l Its reputatloa j
for<iul.ne»s, few orders appearing and but it hand
ful of broker* bain* present. The advance* and |
recessions o wheat hit l reflected In the tone, but
the movement wig slow, Liverpool cab. os gave
hii .tilv.in vof i/id BaMlpta were .H3O cars, and
(i(i.Hi;.s bushels were taken from store. Exports
amounted 10 303 s<l hiMheln. May corn opened
from '.•.ii |^:si.,r sol I at I.ii 4'4 '* ij;iaßc.i j;ia B c. closing at
the Inside, V8 f o''4 r: under yesterday. Ka.tmated
receipts for to-morrow 819 cars.
OATs—There was good buying of oats during
the morning and the feeling was quite firm. One
comuilsilon-house alone took half a million bush
el* of May option and or other* proportional en
large amomis. Receipts were Mr. cars, and
a.'.U'-O bushels were taken from store. Kxport*
amounted to 41.014 buihel*. The weaVness of
whea: d irloi the last hour affected Imports. May
closed yy 8 n under yesterday. >.stlmaiuJ receipts 1
for to-murrow 260 cars-
FLAX — Wai lower, but steady at the decline.
No. 1. 71 Vie: Northwestern. 75 l /a@76c: Decem
ber. 72y 2 c: May, 77. Receipts were 39 curt.
PROVls<luN«— i'ackers sold moderate.}- of pro
viilo.is, and as the demand whs not nny too good
prices declined s lghtly. There was no change In
hog prices. The grain market conveyed some
steadiness to provision* during the morning. The
clos» wai rairlv ateaily. With May pork aVaC to be
lower. Mar lard a shale lower an. l May ribs a
shade hither.
I'.UTTKIt-Tli" butter market held steady and
win fairly active today. Kec^ipts wore go "1 anJ
orders were plentiful. Prices were nncbunzed.
Creameries— Extra*. 20c H -ft: first*. is.'<«l9c; [
seconds, lfifo.l tic: Imitations, fancy. 1,-(alsc; June
ioods. extra<. 17c; firsts, 14ft$15c. I *irle«—hi
tras. 19c: rats. ]4@l7c: neiouas. 10(0 12c. La
dles — Rolls, 10«;)]c; sis. bASV;.<-. uackins [
nock, DfeiiVau; giuase, :h <&4c. roil butter, ll» .
12c.
KOOS- Moderate sapply; fair demand. Prices
unch insect, ■ j-resli stock. 19c dozen. -
MONKV-W»i eafy at 6@i}( on call and lima
loan*. New Vor» exchange was sold at aOc
premium. ■
liming Price*.
WHEAT— December, 7t»V4C; May. 79Vic: July.
74c.
CORN— December, V26.<jC; January, 22>4c; May,
25i/ 4 -iB-:6S/ B e. 8 ™
«i«,T»— i/eceinber, lC^ic: May, 20a
POKK— January, 97 60; .May. $7 87 */*
LARD— January, 93 82Va: May, *4 MiV,.
BIBS-Jaauary, »3 86; May, 94 o--'y a .
Liventnok.
UNION STOCKYARDS. li.v. Dec. 18 —Offer-
Ings of cattle to day wers quite liberal for a Fri
day, am as the demaud was incline.] to be alow
price? were easy and In some Instances somewhat
lower. The demand for bog* was only fair. The
supply. was good and prices about steady to be
lower. Sheep and lambs were steadf. Tho re
ceipts to-day were free and the demand fair.
IATILK — KeceiDU. - 0000. Fancy cattle,
$.*> 40&& 60: choice iot>rlme 1350 10 1700 Di steers.
C 4 it(» ois 35: cood to choice steers. l£6o 10 ISOO to.
14 .V)fc«4 Hi; medium steers. 1200 10 1560 tt>. S4 10
fe4 45: lair beef steers. 1000 to 1200 m*. Mb 3."»i3
4 00: common beef steers, (3 no,d)3 75; good to |
choice itocker* and feeders. COO to 1250 tb, »:'. 45&S
3 85: lair to >:oo<l do. 600 to 876 tb. fi H i«J
5 45: bolls, choice 10 extra, 9326^3 75; bulls,
poor to choice, $J OO(«S.J '.0: cows una helferm,
(koine to prime. Sit llOia* 15: rows, lair 10 choice.
Si 40«63 60: rows, common to lair canners. $1 40
<£'J 36: calves, good 10 faocy. >4 75(<fii 25;
calves, common to cood. C3(^( 70; Texas grass
steers, (3 0003 40: Western range steers. »3 25
(dii 80: Western range cows ana neirers. $J 50
iii..-. hi); milker* and sprlni;«rs, V head. S2&&&40;
Texas fed steers. 93 su<s4 60.
ii(j«b— Keceipt*. 2».U00l Ileavr pacJtlnu and
fl.il pin,.- lot.*. 93 l-j(ft3 35: common 10 choice
mixed. 93 ]&<s•> 40: choice ansortea. $3 35^13 0;
II* IK, »3 W<Al> A): pigs, 32 H5(»3 40.
Ml I I' — i'.ctripii. 9000. iuseiu. to tunica,
4223^3 76; laiuba. 93^6(88 50.
Receipts at Omaha.
SOOTH OMAHA. Num.. Dec. 18 -HOGS- Re
ceipt. 6700. Market stead r. Light and mixed
93 ir>(d)3 30; heavy, 93 10@3 1").
CATTLK — Receipts. 14,UHC. Nothing good;
market lower for he 'Veiand cows; feelers stcaly
Hteers, 93 35(24 20; cows, 91 bOi&S 45; feeders
93«43 90.
i«HKF.r— Receipts, 1100. Market s ead\* on
good; others wcik. Muttons, 93 35; lambs, 94 60.
ltecelpt* nt Kmiana City. .
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Dec, 18— IIOQS— Re
ceipts. 11,600. Opened weak; closed strong. Light.
16 2O«£0 30: medium. 93 30<$4 27 V«; heavy
96 17 1,(46 25; pigs, fJ 96@3 10.
CAITLK— l>celpt». 6000: strong;. Native
steers, best. 94 10@5 00: fair to good, 93 00@4 10:
cows and heifers, best, »3 00@3 50: fair to pood
91 70(^3 00; bu.ls. 91 70<$.' Mil; Rtockers and feel
ers. »:i 00(^3 90; Texas and Wenern, 92 tSo(<s3 70
-ca.vr*. fs(g>ll.
BHlit-l'-Kecelpts. 1000. Steady.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 18.-R. o. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
Cuban reports, unusual closeness of money in
Germany and the decision that there will be no
action on the lar.ff at this session, have not really
changed the situation, hut have been talked about
a* If they might change It. The holiday trade Is
generally <rce, though at some points more con
fined to cheap goods 1 1' an usual, and the influence '
of an iix renscj,, the working torn? 1* f .It I 1 other i
ways. I'nt un n the new year the only material \
< nances expect^ are (acb as prepare for a large
business next year In the lion and seel lnJuatry
those appear of the utmost Importance.
. Mtni « even is for some month* to come will turn
largely on the state of foreign trade It Is cheering
th»t produce exports In November were 9109,
-091.9 «7 In value, amounting for three months to
9307.749,687, more than double the value of Im
ports, which wire 9161,331,351. 'I he enormous
excess which has brou«hi hliber In UtlC« mouths
net Imports of gold amounting to 968.640.143, be
sides rstab.lshlng credits of many mil. lons in Lon
don which virtually pay In advance for future Im
port*, has not prevented, It is believed, a special
shipment of cold to Uerroany next week, for
wnlch the Germany bank pays a premium to
meet demands January 1. supposed to be on ltus
slan account. i<|»i«i|ji>nilMHl»iWß|iMlMUN*llU
London affects the shipment by borrowing more
million* here, so that the amount of xuch sterling |
advances is now reckoned . at 935,000.000. More
of such borrowing may cause advance in the rate
of Interes:, realizing on exchange draft*, of : which
many become due before or shortly at er January
1. and asharier demand on London than 1* con
venient. But for 92 worth of produce going out 10
every «1 worth of goods brought In, nothing of an
ordinary nature can cause gold exports of conse
quence. In two week* of December exports from |
Wew York have been 6 percent larger and Im
ports 12 per cum *mallvr than iitst year.
■ Kx ports of cotton art na urally stimulated by
lowei prices, and with forced liquidation :of Im
portan: speculative operations cot on hau declined
10 7. 1.c. recovering to 7.19 c. July 15 the price
was 7.8, ion ciop raised it to 8.87 September 10
and it ha» now. gone back about 10 the starting
point. Receipts from p.antaltons continue heavy,
while commercial »tocKS here and abroad are only
about as targe as a year ago. when the movement
bad been 1,100.000 bales les«. Th« demand for
goods In - this country falls below the Increased
poduction, and the market i* weak in tone with
pr cm of some Jobbeis*. beached goods sharply re
duced.* .■! Speculation -lv wool lias haled, sales for
the week being 3.721,200 pounds, against 5,180,
-000 l»st year. : " . !
Tne control of the Mountain Iron Messablc mine
hat been leased for fifty yean or purchased by toe
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
Carnegie Interest from J. D. Rockefeller, the ore
10 be snipped by* his new steamship lino. on the
lakes ami by the new - railway whicu the Carnegie
Company is building to Lake Krie. ' This. wl:h the
freer ion of sixteen new open-hearth furnaces,
making sixty sir. Insures enormous increase of
product at. extreme low; cost and i will affect all
combinations in et»e; products or in ore. The
billet pool has i radical y dissolved and sales are
reported at *16 to $17, the contracts to supply
consumers through niosiof the whole of next year.
The h«arn poo! has revived and restored the price
to $1 55, but na.ls and steel bars are a shade
lower. The rail association has been In session,
and our Philadelphia dispatch stares that rails are
sold at »25, sga'.ust $28, . to long maintained.
Bessemer pig and gray forgo are a shade lower at,
I'lttsbiirg, Virginia and Alabama iron Is offered
25 cents lower at the Kant and with co much un
certainty regarding great changes In progress very
little Is done in' finished pro luct* and generally
at concessions. A sale of 3,000,000 pounds of
lake copper is reported* at 111 Vfe- Coke produc
tion Is increasing at contracts reported at $1 60.
Wheat rose ahout 2c Monday, but declined still
further and eloied yey c lower for the week. The
receipts In two week* nave been 6 620.
bushels, against 11,600,68" last year, ana Atlan
tic exports for three weeks have been — flour in
cluded— 6 921,444 bushels, against 6.097,8.4 last
year, stocks nave been weak. - Alrooit a panic
occurred on Fildav when the Cameron Joint
resolution was adopted by the senate committee,
speculators Immediatly felt the war with Spain
betciiinln.", «nd St. Paul, Bun.nglon and Kocc
Island broice five points, while the whole list lost
over a point.
i- allures for the week have been 387 In the
United Siit.ei. against 878 last year, and 41 In
Canada, aialnst til! last •.■<•.■ r.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dei. 18.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal clilej tor the week ended
December 17, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
liradbtreet's;
rprcentage
Citifs. Amonnt. Inc. l>ec
New York f608.27H.V63 ...... ' 11.1
Boston 97.62W.196. 2.2
Chicag0......... »6,087,0»0 2.7
Philadelphia 61,433.956 12.6
St. I^uls 26,524,47ff 0-4
I'lttsburg „ 13,5f.0.859 10.6
Ran t'ranclsco 14,731,420 2-0
8a1tim0re.......:....... 13.1'4».770 6.4
Cincinnati 12,279.950 10.3
KansasClty.... 11.:t15.4VH 09
New Orleans 12.909, k>01 9.1
Minneapolis lO.Oi 6.857
Detroit 7.UH0,7"K 'i.l
LoHisvtlle ?.«JW,040 11.9 ......
Cleveland 6.28^087 6.2
Milwaukee „ -l.a>-0,8»4 6.0
1 Miff. 10 4.fi8n.249 !».»
Omaha 3.804, 14.4
j Denver - 2.4.12.927 19.1
Los Angeles 2,406.602- liS.O
I'urtinnd.or 1.6b7.«31 P.O
Suit LAke .. . 1.H7H.129 62.H
Helena 628.727 10.6 ......
1 aroma 478.3P8 9.1
Seattle 639.758 5.2
bpokaue 668.844 46.6
Totals U. P.. »1,0W,921,»23 7
Outside of Ai-w York
City 480,482.460 6-6
DOMINION or CANADA.
Total *',i! 2,861,360
NEW *oi:k STOCK. 1
1 Bonds* Kxchango, Money and Railroad
Mmr»i.
Money on call easy at '2%; last loan at 2% and
closing offered at 'i%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 4%. Bar silver, 65i/jc. Mexican dollars,
61r<$62c Sterling exchange is firm, with actual
business In backers' bills at. 94 BSs,i(a»4 04 for
60 days and $4 87V4@4 87% for demand. Posted
rates. 94 84V 3 @4 881/3. Commercial- bills. 94 82
©I *:?'/»• Government oonds weaker: State bonds
dull; railroad bonds steady, hllver at the hoard
was neglected.
CI-OBINO STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable... 86 North American... 4%
Alchlson 121/4 : Northern Pacific.. 12
Preferred 2*^; iTrferreJ 21^
<Adams Express. ..l4B Northwestern IOOV4
Alton, Terre Haute 60 1 Preferred 146 : */4
American ExpresalO9 N V Central 93^
American Tobacco 74»4!N V, C'hlcago&st L 11 Vj
Preferred lUO^ Ist preferred 63
liny Mute Has IOV4' 2d preferred. *7
llaltlmore & Ohio.. Uy 4 N VAN 11. ...... .17«
Brunswick Lands. »/4» /4 N V. A New Kng... 46
lluftalo, Koch AP. 15 NY Susq&W.... »
Canada Pacific 63 Treferred 24V4
Canada Southern.. 47i' 9 Ontario 10
Canton Land 607/ B '(unarm .V Western 14
Central I'acl.ic 14J^ Oregonlmprovmnt
bet it Ohio., 15 I Preierred
Chicago Alton IRO Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Line. 14
Cblcaeo, B & y.... 69Vs l'»clflc. Mall 22%
Chicago A Kill 40 IVorm. D A Kvans 24
Preferred.. 96 Plttsbur,' A W Did.— -
Chicago Gas.. 70V4 i'uilman Pa1ace.. ..158
( lev ,t PltisDurg.l63 Quicksilver IV*
Consolidation CoaL 34 Preferred 12
Consolidated Gas. .14 4 M, Reading "'•Vk
CC C A St Louis... "JXi/ 2 RloGrandeAWestn 15
Preferred.. 81 1 referred. 40
Colo Fuel A Iron. . 221/4 Rock 151 and...' ..... 84
Preferred 70 Rome\Vat*Oi(den.lls^ I
Cotton O I Cert.... 9 StL&SW. 3V4
Commercial Cable. 160 Preferred 9
Del Hud50n. ...... 125 st Paul Buy a
Del Lack AWestrn. 156 Preferred ....130
Deliver A II 0 11% St Paul A Duluth.. 1H
Preferred 40 Preierred frO
Distillers St Paul A Omaha.. 46 J /i
General Electric... 29%! Preferred 118
Krie 13%' St P M A M........112
Preferred 33 Silver Certificate*. 65V4
Fort Wayne... 164 Southern Pacific. 14>,2
Great Northern pld 118 Southern It It MVa
ureenßay..... Vi Preferred 24y» I
llnrlem... 290 Sugar IteHnery lUH' 8
Hocking Cool-;.... 6 Prcferr d . 100
Hock ms Valley... 16 Ter m Coal A Iron.. 24
Honiestake ...... 36 ] Preferred »0
II A Texas Centra! Texas Pacific ..... 18Vi
Illinois Central.... 92 Tol AA A N Mich. ,
lowa Central. 7V4iTol Ohio A Central 20
Preferred.....'.... 24 i Preferred 60
Kansas A Texas... l^Vl'Tol »i Louis AX C 6
: Preferred 24 | Preferred 15
Kingston A Pcnn.. 3 Union Pacific BV4
1 Lake Erie A Westn 16Va U P Den A(*ttlf.... 2
Preferred 68 U B Cordage 5
Lake Shore 152 Preferred 10
National Lead..... 23 Guaranteed 30
Preferred fc6 V B Express 40
Long Island 45 U X Leather 7%
Louisville A Nosh. 46'/i Preferred 57^
Louisville, Albiiy ».-4 U S Rubber 241/*
Preferred li/i Preferred 80
Manhattan Con M 7^ a !('tica A « River... 160
Memphis A Charts 16 'Wab 8L A Pacific. 6/46 /4
Mexican Central... 7 . Preferred l« l
Michigan Central.. 93 Wells-Farso. 97
Minn AS L Western Union.... BIV4
Preferred...."..;-..'. Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn ASt L com.. 178/4 Wheeling A L E... 6y g
Ist preferred 76 Preferred 27
2dDref.rred 47% Am Coiton Oil pfd. 60 Vi
Missouri Pacific... 18 W U 8eef.......... 6
Mobile A 0hi0...... 20 Ann Arbor 9
Nashville A I hatt. <>7% Preferred .20
National Linseed.. 1 A--\ t Brooklyn Traction. 19
SJ Central ....... 101' Erie 2d pfd.... 20
Norfolk A Westrn. ijs,i American Spirits.. 10>4
Preferred.... 14% Preferred ' 24%
' CLOSIRO BUNDS. ;
Ala Class A 4* ... 105 Northern Pao lsUi.H6Va
Do Class B 4, 55. 101 Do 2dr 116
Alabama, class C. 96 Do 3d a. 78y a
Atrhison 4s 98 Do consol 63
Do2dsA 41V 4 Or linprovnim Ist. 86
Canada Pouth 2 lu.Ulii ■> Do 6s *2»
Cen I'ac lstsof'9s.lo'i% o R A N Ists. H«V4
Cherokee 4s. 1896.103 . Do consol 5* —
Do 1897: ....10a Or Short Line 65. ..11 l
D0158H.... 102 Doconsol 5s 64
Do 1899.... 102 Pacific '97.... 9a»A
Che* A Ohio 6a 108V«\ i'hlla A Heading 4s UOVi
Cb AN PTr KctsGs 40V 8 Do lstpfd Incom. 45
D C 3-66*. ...... 109 KUrandeWestlsts 76
Den A Gist 110 st LAlronMtUenss 70
Do«s... DO St LAS FGen 65..110 V%
Krle 2ds 64%StPaul C0n5015.... 130
FtWADenClty Ists 64 lit PCA Pa lsts ..117%
«HA 8 A 65...... 91 |»o Carolina 4Vi5...106
Do2d7s. 95 Southern X X 55... 89
({en Deb 5*... 90% Do Pac Cat lsts. .107
II lex Cent 55.. .108 Term new 35....... 80
Do con 6s. ...... .106 Texas Pac 15t5..... 86»/»
lowa Central l*ts.. 96 I'axa.i Pac 2d5..... 20V*
Kansas Pa Consols 67 Union Pac Ists 98.102
Ks Pa 1 *ts Den Dlvl ll U» 4s reg of 1 925. 119%
.La Cousol 4s .".. 96 Do 4s, coupon.... 119%
-Missouri funding. . . V 8 4» reg of 1907.109%
MKTVds 67 Doss, coupon llOVa
D«4s 81 Do 25............. 96
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 67 Do Bs, reg 118%
Mutual Union li* . .111% Do 65. coupon.... 113 v*
N J Cent Gen 5*... 118 Va funding deot... 61%
N YCAStLouls4slO)J% Do registered.....
Nor A West Gen 6sl 19 Do deferred 65. .. 6
N Carolina con 45. 101 •Do trust rcpt stpd 6%
D 068........ \Vnbaah Ist 6s 106 V»
Northw«.s:Consols.l3n<4 West Whore 4a 107
Do deb 6s. 107%
FOKEIGN MARKETS.
WniAT IN I.IVKRPOOU
LIVERPOOL I'.Ka., Deo, 18-— The spot market
is quiet at 7s 2d@7s 3d. Cargoes dull at S3s 41 2 d,
arrived. : ,
TUTDRBs. ,
1 lie T'rodnce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Bed Winter:
December, ; January, os 7d; February, 6s
7%d; March, Us 8.1.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Kso.. Dec. 18.-Consols. 110 13-lSd;
silver, 29 i' 8 d; French Unites. 102t 32 Vic .
1MI!AN(.I. AND 111 1. 1. ION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...; — 94 84V>
sterling Exchange, bight...; — 4 87%
Sterling Cab1e5........... — 4 88
New York Kxchange, sight .. — 12%
New York Kxchange. telegraphic.. — 16
Fine silver, j0unce.......... _. ' — - 86V4
Mexluut Dollar* 61% **
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AM) ()llii:n GRAINS.
WHEAT— Is quirt, both 011 call and in the ship
ping market and prices show no marked variation.
Quoted at 91 40@l 46 TH ctl for common grades,
91 4"u.@l 60 V Otl for average No. 1, 91 i«H
for choice and tl 6S©l CO : %l c.l lor extra choice
for mining. v
CALL BOARD SAI.KS.
Jnf(vbmai HKssiox— 9:l6 o'clock— No sales. 
Second Skrsion — May — 6000 ctls, 91 62 *£;
4000,91 52« 8 : 16.000, 91 6-*»: 4000, $1 62 Vi:
CO 0. 91 1/8 . , .
Rkoi'lar Mornixo Sfssiox— May— l2,«lOO ctls.
91 61.v,; 28,000, 9151 V4: 26.000. 91 51%; 4000,
91 al<^- .--.,' .-:> -■ ..•;■"""•■ ■■■■■--
Aftkbxoon session— May— 4ooo ctls, 91 51%;
2000, 91 52: 8000, 91 ft 3 ys: .18,000, 91 62»/ 8 :
av.ooo, 91 62»4:m)oo, 31 s* v«." •-"■•■.■■;•■
HA KLET— Tne market is dull and Feed I* lower.
We quote : Feed, 77V3B»s2^c; choice bright, 85c;
Brewing, 92y2®97V 3 c; Na 1 Chevalier, ' *1 10©
I '2otK.iL 7 *■>'-: L !
■ ■ ;CALI. BOARD HAT.K9. -
Inform At Session— 9 :l s o'clock —No sales '
SEfON'D SKSBION— No sales. .
liKit i.ab » Morkino . Bitssiox— May— 8000 ctls,
93y4C: VOv-0, 9;-.3/ 8<;.8 <;.
Aktkrnoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 93y 2 c.
OATS-Xo further change. - Fancy Fee.l bring
as high as 91 45 9 cil. common to good White
ranae from 91 10 to 91 35 "j> ctl. according
to quality. Black, lor feed. 80c(g$l 05: for seed,
91 ?o®l 35: Gray, nominal; Red, *i<i»l 10: aur
pnsu. 91 SOftS 1 60. ;,-, :. .-•'■ ••'■-
Offerings are neglected. Large Yellow,
80®82^c ft ctl; Small Round do, 91; White. 85
@»7V»c. • .,,.,,_  -
i'.Yi.— Dull and weak at 95C&91 1» oil.
iIUCKWMKAT— Quoted at $i 15@1 40 i* c:U
■i FLOUU AND J.ILLSTUFFJ.
FLOUR — Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. 90@5 10: Makers' extras, 94 90@5; super
fine. 84 lb@4 60 V bbl. -
COR.NMII.AL, KTC— Feed Corn, 918@19 %\ ton;
Cracked Corn. $19ra'2O » ion. • •'• '
, M I L.L.STUFFM— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the rede: Graham Flour, 92 85
100 lbs: Rye Flour, 92 75 ?4 100 lbs; Rice k\our.
95 76: : Corumeal, 9. . 35; extr,i cream . do, 93:
Oatmeal, 93 60: Oat Groats, 94: Hominy, 93 .0
©3 30; Buckwheat Flour, 93 '25@3 60: Cracked
Wheat.936o: Farina, 94: Whole Wheat Flour.
93; Rolled Oats (bois), $B<<S6 40: Pearl Barley,
93 76@t; bplil Peas, 93&O; Green do, *4 zj %i
ltO Ui*.
HAY ANU jfISEDJITCFFi.
Receipts of Hay are not large, but the market Is
dull and easy. , . . . - ,
BRAN-913@1S 60 for the best and 91 2®1 2 60
'(' ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 9IB@I9 for lower grades and
920(5,21* ton for the best.
FEKDBTUFFS — Rolled Barley. 919 60020-.
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 926 60 9 ton; Jobbing,
927 60: clipped Oats. Cl 50 ctl.
MAY— Wheat. ?B@lo 50: Wheat and Oat, (^«7
10: Oat. ?6^09: Barley. $7@B 60: River Barley.
*5®6 60: Alialfa, 96@7 50: compressed, $ti®
V 60 ;' stock. $.iftiß: Clover, «li@S ~i>. tou.
bT«iW- as(a6oc V bale. '
BEANS AND SEED?.
Mustard Seed Is neglected. Beans continue dull.
BKANS-8ay05, 9140@165: Small Whltes.9l 15
@1 30 * ctl; Large Whites, 91 1«@1 26 V ctl;
Pinks, 91 00@1 20: Reds, $1 20(ail 30: Bleckeye,
tl 10(3120; Red Kidney, 92 '1b: Lima.*, »l 76®
1 90; Butters. 91 26<$1 60: Pea, 91 I-" 1 ®! 25.
SEKDs*— Brown Mustard, 9-' 76@3: Yellow Mns
tara. *2 10<»2 '25 'j, ctl; Flax, 91 36<8>1 40: Canary
Seed, 2Vi@2%c V Ib; Aiialia, 4©6y 2 c; Rape,
2 c; liemp, 3y c. .
DRIKD PEA&— Mies, $I@l 15 V «1; Green,
91 40@l 60 if, ctl.
POTATOiiS, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are steady. Vegetables
show no Important change
POTATOK>— Sweet Potatoes, 76c@$l 10; Early
Rose. &0(g60c: Klvcr Beds, 60c $ ctl: Burbank
Seedlings, 25@40c t* ctl lor Klvers and &Oc(g?l for
ball 11 m.
ONIuNS-40@60c 9 ctl.
VJiGKTABLKs— Los Angeles Green Peppers
quotable at 6c "f* tb; Los Angeles Egg Piant,
6c ?> Ib: .Mushrooms, 6@)l6c «* Ib, latter figure
for button's: Marrowfat Squash. f&@7 * ton; Tom
atoes, '2t>(otOc V box; Los Angeles loniatoea, 75c
©*1 25 1* box; Dried Poppers, 7@Bc 1* Ib; Green
Peas, 3rg;6c >. D>; Los Angeles utrtng Beans,
4<n,'jc; In u.l Okra. B@9c9 Ib; Cabbage, 40@50c %
GUi Carrots, 30@40c it sack: Garlic, lVfe(3>2c tb.
BUTTIiK, CUKKSE AND KGGS.
BCTTER-Held goods are 1c lower all around
and weak. Dairy Butter continues depressed, but
Creameries hold up.
Cbkamkry— Fancy, 23(3)24c % Ib: seconds. 21@
22VoC « ft.
Dairy— Fancy, 20c: eood to choice, 17V4®lWo:
lower grades. 15@16>/2C %> lb.
Picki.kd— 15@1?C %* lb.
iiKKij. — 16(gil6c %i tli.
Crkamkry '1 us— 17«81Hc & lb.
CHKh.SK- Good stock Is scarce. Choice mild
new quotable at H(jsl2c common to good old, f@
10c: Cream Cheddar, ll@12c: Young America, I
llVi@l'^V4c: Western, Il^B@l2i /^c; Kastern,
12Va®13M|C V Ib.
1- <. US— The decline In prices has stlmulntod the
demand mil stocks are consldereab:y reduced
again. Hence the market Is not so weak Kastern
quotable at 24@26c %l doz for fancy and 21@22c for
cold-storage; r.mnh Kggs, '2&£27 c for small and
medium and 27^@30c tor fancy; store Eggs, 22®
26c; Duck Eggs, 25c. ".; ■■■ .
FOl'llKV AND GAMK.
rotTLTH V— A car of Kastern is gelling at 96 60
for Hens, $6 for young Roosters and 94 for Fryers.
California stock ii In free supply aid dull.
Live Turkeys, 12(ff.l5<c ft. for Gobblers. 12@13c
9 tb for Hens: Dressed '1 urke a. 13ia.llc; Geese,
V pair. 91 6(i(s2: I.os Ings, $1 M'(p "2; Lucks, *5(a,6;
Hens, *2 60(^4 60; RooMiers, young, $3 60(3)4 60:
00, old. 93 50(^4 60; Fryers, 93 2b<&H 00: Broilers,
!.<-.:.:< '26 for largH and *. (.1- 60 for small: Pigeons,
91 H6©l 60 %* dozen for young »nd 76(g85c for old.
GAM K- Arrivals soil fairly at the quota lons.
(M Mi, 91 @1 26 i^ doz: Mallard, 93@4: < unvasback,
*;i®lo;Sprlg,?'-';Teal,s)@l2s: Widgeon, 91 '-':''@
1 50; Small l'UCk,sl 25; English Snipe,?] 50@i 76;
Jack snipe. 7&c(S)$l : Hare, 91: Babbits. 91 -'£-(g)i 50
lor Cottontails and 91 for small: Gray Geese, $2 60
(.43: White- Geese. $1(*1 '25: Brant, 91 60©l 76:
Hookers, 98 60I&4 60 «t dozen. ■'■' \ ■ •:"•._••;
UKCIDUOUS AND CITKUS FJRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— '
Apples, 78@90c {I box for choice. 91®1 25 for
fancy Bert, 35&65 c for common; Lady Apples,
92 75: Kastern, «1 60@3 ;• bol.
Pears, 60c@$l 25 «A box.
Persimmons, 2&@76c ft box.
BKKBISB— .
Cranberries from Cap* Cod, 97 6O@B 60 V bbl;
from coos Bay, 92 25&2 60 1* box.
GHAPKB— 7.'^Poc In crates an. b«@76c In boxs.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges conn ue in heavy
supply and weak. Mandarin Oranges, SUcSI - 2b;
Navel Oranges. »-2(42 75 ft bx: Seedlings, 9Ksl 75;
Grape Fruit. $5(56: Lemons, 91@1 60 for com
mon and 92(£2 60 '#, box for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes, *4..>4 60: California Limes, &o@76c:
Bananas, tl@2 V bunch: Pineapples. 9->34 $ dox.
DRIED FKUITS, KAISIN9, NUTS, ETC.
DRIKD FRUITS— .
The market continues stagnant
Quotations ou the r Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable, at e@9c
for Royals and 1 1%@12c for choice to fancy
Moor parks; Prunes, £%c for the 4 sizes; Peaches.
4<g»s%c tor prime to choice, 6y2@70 for fancy and
9<2>loc for peeled In boxes; Apples, 5%0 %* 1b for
evaporated and 2@"Vac for sun-dried; Pears. 2%
@6c for prime to choice, 4@5%c for quarters nna
6<g)6VsC for halves; l'.um.<. 4c tor pitted at.d lVi c
lor imputed; Nectarines. 3%@4y«c for choice and
s Vac tor fancy; White Figs, »c; lilaci Figs, 2%
©2%c.
Jobbing Pricks— Peachei, 4%@5%c V lh:
fancy. 6%@7%c V Ib: peeled, la%e V Ib: Apri
cots, 6 %@9o # Ib; fancy, 10c; Moorparks, 12@
13c; evaporated Apples, -)%c: sun-dried, 2%@30;
Prunes. 3»-4(<i4c lor the 4 sizes: Figs, black, He for
unpressed and 3@3%c for pressed: white Figs,
4c; Plums, 4%@)&C' for pitted and 1 Va<-' for un
pitted: Nectarines, 4(atJc t^ Ib for prim* to tancy:
Pear*. 2%(55c for whole. 4%@5%c tor quartan
and 4%@6%c for halves. . : •*' ' -
BAl^liNs—
c Aiu.oA 11 Pricks— Four-crown loose. 6y 8 c; three
crown, 4»/gc V ll>: two-crown. 3^c >* Ib: seed
less Sultanas. 5%c; seedless Muscatel;, 43/ c; 3
crown London layers, 91 15; clusters, «l 50;
Dehosn cluiters. $2 60; Imperial dusters, 93;
dried Grapes, 3c "p* Ib. -
Jobbino Pricks— sax Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6%c: 3-crown, 4%c: 2-crown, 3%c: seedless
Sultanas. 6%c; reediest Muscatels, * V«c; 3-crown
London layers, 91 25: cluster*. $1 60; Dchesa
clusters, 92 75; Imperial clusters, $3 25. I
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at S@loc: Walnnts.
6y2@7c V Ib lor s.audan: and 9@9%c $ Ib
for softshell: Almonds. : 6@6%0 for Languedoc,
,S(u,:;i 2 ■ for hardshell and Ma,s»c for paper-shell,
Jobbing; Peanuts, 4@6c for Eastern and 4c for
California; Mlckorv Nuts, 6®6c V Ib: Pecans,
7%®Bc * Ib; niberts, 7%@Bc: Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc: Cocoanuts, 4@sc* luO.
ii ONE V— Comb, lti@l2%c for bright and 5@90
for lower .trades: water- extracted, 6@5%c:
light amber extracted. 4y«(54%0; &*tk. amber, 4(fl)
4%c; dark, 2®Sc « lb.
BKIiS)WAX-23(aJ60 V m.
PROVISIONS.
Business continues quiet at unchanged prices.
CUBED MEATS— Bacon. 6c Ib for heavy. 70
ft n> for light medium. 9%c for light. 10c 1* Ib tor
extra light and 11 %c f» Ib for sugar-cured. East
ern , sugar-cured Hams. 13®13%c: California'
Hams, iJtaii l>.- 3 Mess Beef. - *7tq)7 60: extra
mess do. J-H(<i,h 50; family do, (9 60@10; extra
prime Pork, $7 5O©8: extra clear. $16 * bDI;
mess, 914 {< bbl : Smoked Beef, lue "»» tb.
LA RD— Eastern, tierces. Is quoted at 6%c for
compound and ti@6%c i for pure; pails, 7c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6@6%c t> Ib for compound and 6 1 ac
for pure; half-bbls, b%u; 10-lb tins. 71.4 c;: do 6-tt),
7%c«tt>.
CoTTOi.KNE— 6@6y4C In tierces and 7%QBV!iC
In 10-lbtlns. •■ ■ _ -
llll»l-:s. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
: HIDES AND INS- Are weak at be decline.
Heavy salted steers, 8c it Ib: culls and brands, 7c;
medium, 7c: culls and brands, 6c; light. 6c; culls
and brands. 6c; Cowhides, 6@6V*c: culls and
brands, 6@5%c; salted : Kip, 6(07c: salted Calf.
7(a>Bc: salted Veal, 6@7c; dry Hides. 12@13c V Ib:
culls and brands. 9fq)ioc;dry Kloand Veai. 9@loc:
culls. 7@Bc: ary Calf. 16c; culls, Uic. Goatskins,
20@360 each; Kids, sc: Deerskins, good summer,
i.'o(giasc V Ib; medium, 15^20c: winter. 7(a>9c:
Hhi-epskins, shearlincs, 10@15c each: short wool,
25(5!15c each; medium, 3CHa46c each; long wools,
4C©t>ocench, •:.; : , „■■-. • •.- .■•;• -■ : J
1 ALLOW— No. 1. rendered. S@3y4C; No. 2. 2%c
» n>: refined. 6c; Grease. 2c $ Ib. ■-■■.■
-WOOL— feature of the market at the mo
ment Is the arrival of 2541 bales from A us-
I ratlin, supposed to be In ' transit for the East.
We quote Fall Wool »s fo lows: ' Hnmboldt
and Mendoclno. B<ft9c ?! Ib; free northern, ?%@
B%c; middle counties,' free. 6%@7c; do. defective.
4%@6c; san Jonqutu, 3@sc; do. foothill, 6@70;
Kasiern • r«gon spring. 7%@9c; Valley O:egou,
11%@12%c: do, tall and lambs', 11©11% C
Hor o@Bc for lair to choice and 9©l lc * Q>
for fancy. .
U^NEKAL MEIUHANDISK.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Uarrs. spot, 4%c; June-
Juy delivery, 4%c; Wool Bags, 24Vb'* i! 6VaC.
COAL-A local circular says: -During the week
there have been five arrivals from the Co»st col
lieries with b4&O tons, irom Swansea five with 18,
-oi'9 tons, from Australia six with 15,369 tona.
from Cardiff one with ; 1800 tons. • The quantity
; coming to hand the last few days has t*en me-
sire, bat as every ; cargo has been placed prior to
arrival, the mark-: will not be disturbed. These
liberal arrivals are I markedly diminishing the list
of cargoes on route from Australia and Swansea,
as new names are not beln : added as fast as tliev
have ix e:i | recently arriving I here, resides, the
high asking rates by Coal carriers in England and
the Colonies aet -r consumers and dealers from "be
coming generous hu7»-rs. as lower. freights are
looked for a few months henc, when tonnage will
become more plentiful - at . points of ~. shipment.
Large consumers of steam grades are paying folly
10% more for their fuel than they conld contract
for several weeks ago, . and the chances . are the
values will be still further advanced- next month.
An Incipient shipment of Coke from British Colum
bia Is just at hand, with morn to follow; its Ap
pearance would indicate that it will fill all the re
quirements of English Coke; it certainly should,
a* it Is the product of first cla.s Coa. and Is coked
In the latest Improved ovens."
Wellington Is quotable at 98; New Wellington.
»8 * ton; Soiuhneld Wellington. 97 80 * ton:
Seattle. 95 60@6; Bryant, 5Jt5 50: Coos Bay. 95:
Wallsend. »6: scotch, ; Brymoo, : Cum
berland, 913 'it, ton In balk and 814 In sks; Pennsyl
vania .Anthracite Egg. 911@12 •$ ton; Welsh An
thracite. S8@10; Cannel, 98«8 60; Bock .-springs,
Cnstle Gale nnc ; Pleasant : Valley, 97 60; Coke,
911012 In bulk and 913 ton in sks. '
RICK-Cbinese mixed, 93 40@3 50; No. 1,93 75
(§»3 fO f, ml: extra No. 1, 94 1604 30: Hawaiian,
94 60: Japan, 94194 B^V 3 .
COFFK. —C. E. Blew ford's circular says: "There
Is nothing new to report. .-ale« of 600 bags Salva
dor In small quantities were effected at fu.l prices.
The old crop Guatemalan show a slight decline.
Each succeeding transaction leaves the assortment
less inviting, and this. together;with the free oner-
Ings of Santos and the natural desire of dealers to
cut stocks down as we approach the closing of the
year, makes business very difficult Arrivals of
new crop Guatemala* and Mexicans are exception
ally liahi. To-day's stock. consists of 289 Costa
Rica, U2 Nicaragua, 16-9 Salvador, 2437 Guate
mala, 351 Mexican— In all 4798 bags, against 2265
same time last year. The Acapulco Is due Decem
ber 20 with 650 bags." We quote market nomi
nal at:
Costa Rica— l73 / 4@i9i /^c nom. for good to
prime; 17iai7iAc nom. for good mixed with black
beans; 15y 2 ai6i/ 3 c for fair; 12@14y 2 c for com
mon to ordinary.
SALVADon— lß®lflc V Ib nom. for good to prime
washed; 17i/4@17%c nom. for fair washed: 19@.20c
for good to prime washed I peaberry ; 17%@17%c
for superior unwashed;' lie for good unwashed;
I7%&l«y 2 c for cood to prime unwashed peaberry.
GUATEMALA AND MEXICAN— 2OV*@2I^C nOm.
for prime to strictly prime washed new crop; 19
@)20c for good to strictly good washed new crop:
18V2'<$lt>c tor i;ood washed old crop: 16@18y*c
for fair washed old crop: 14@16%c for meaium
old ■ crop; lli/3ra»l3V4C for ordinary o d crop; BV a
@llc for Inferior to common old crop; 19V 3 © > 20c
tor good to pr, me washed peaberry old crop; 17%
(a,l m'/ic lor gooa to prime unwashed peaberry old
crop.
bU'GAit— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6c:
Powdered, 6V«c: Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c: Confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A,
41/31:; Kxira C, 4%c; Golden C, 4 V4C: half barrels
Vi<-- mom than barrels, and boxes y^c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MLAT MARKET.
Beef, Mutton and Pork show no further change
In quotations. ' Wholesale rat»s tor dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows: '
BKKF— First quality, sV2@6c: second do, 4V 8 @
sc: third do, 3y 2 @4c * Ib. 7
VJCAL- Large, 4y @sc: small, 6@70 9 Ib.
MUTTON — WVther,*, 6c; Kwes, 6Vio * tt..
LAMB-7C > lb. ■ •
POltK— Live Hoks, 3VB@3V*c * Ib for large and
medium and 3V»(&&i4c lor small; areased do, 41/2
@6V40 * lb.
KJSCEIPTS OF PRODUCE
FOR 24 HOURS)
Klonr. or slcn.... 4.764iKgg*, dou ,„ 2,640
Wheat, ct15...... 29,710 U ldes, no 457
r.arley. cUa 7,815 Pelts, bdls 68
Oats, ctls 635 Wine, gals 60,700
Corn, ctls 4,1b0 Brandy, gals 800
Eastern 500 Wool, Aus, bis.. 2,641
Beans, sks _ 1.211 Sugar, bbls 2,205
Bye, ct15.. ....... 910 Lnmbor. it feiU 7j
Potatoes, sks.... 8,003 Lime, bbls M 360
unions, sks... .^ 67 1 Leather, r0115.... 168
Bran, sks 6UO Kalstns. boxas.. i»76
WMillln,'!, am... 1,41-! Hops, bis 1
H ay. tons 31 S .Mustard Seed, ii. Vi
Butter. cus...._ 62 TaUow. ct15.. .... 16
Cheese, cila 80
FAMILY l!hl All, MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are cheaper.
louitry is plentiful at last week's prices. Game
s lower.
FruJts and Vegetables show little change.
Some varieties of Fish are scarcer and dearer.
Following la lan Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
COAL— PKR TON 1 .
Connel 9 60@10 00 Pleasant Val 0 60@10 00
Welllnsrtoa. -@10 00 Kouthfletd
New Wei- | Wellington — <a 050
lington.... 010 00 Scotch — —
Beanie 7 00® — Coos Bay... «25©« 25© 675
Castle Gate. - 1 60^10 00 1
f^'i;:! 1 iaiuv mom-cm, mra
Butter, fancy, ** Cheese, Lai. 12r<S15
square..: 60cd> — ! Cheese, Eastern... 15@20
do, ■$ roll 40f<*46 Cheese, Swiss. .20(330
do. choice . i7(itlo 1 Common Egsrs..... 26@27
Ordinary ao K6(is — j RanchUs;gsi4dz...3«*r43s
Pickled roll 3»@:js Honey, comb, "i* lb. 1 L'(* 1 5
Firkin ....;...-„. —<» 30; do, extracted.... b®l4
MIUTn— PXR PODSP.
Bacon 12(317' Pork, fresh ...12C81B
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, 8a1t....,.....10@12
do, good E@lo Pork Chops 12@15
Corned 8eef........ 8@ — Round Steak B@lo
Ham, Ca1..;.....12%@15 Sirloin Steak... 1 2 —
do, Eastern..... 15(8) 16 Porterhouse, d 0... 17 fa) 20
Liird '..> 12iai5 Smoked 8eef...... —(^ls
Mutton 8(a 1 C ! Pork aausagos.... — <tS2O
Lamo 10©- Veal 10(a>14
POULTRY AKD QAHIL .
Hens.each 40(0 60 Hare, each..... . 16® 20
Young Hoostf Wild Geese.ea. 20® 30
ers, eacn . 60® 60 Kngt3nlpe.H*dz2 60® —
Old Booster^ |jak untpe.Vdzl 60&S . —
each 6001 — Quail, f» d0z...l 60@ —
Fryers, each... 33<a> 40 Mnllara. pr. 75<<o 86
Broilers, euch.. 26® 85 Canvasba.k.prl 00@2 00
Turkeys. t< Ib.. lbY« 18 Sprig, '$ pair.. 4<% ;60
Ducks, each... «5(» 60 Teal, * pair. 40®'. —
Geese, each.... 7 filial 00 Widgeon, %) pr 4l(gi ,- —
Pigeons, $ pr.. 40® M) Smll Duck, Dr. . 36® ' —
KabblU, . 85$ 41) .-
»KDITB AVD yrjTi
Almonds, ft Q> 126816 Limes. V* dor 169 —
Apples. V Ib 4CeJ 5 Oranges, i? d08....15ra30
Bananas, V do*. ..15(ffi20! Pears. * Ib 8^)10
Cocoanuts, each... -Kgl t; Kaislns, V ib. B®ls
Grapes, V Ib >@1* Walnut* ft Ib 16® —
Lemons. 9 d0z....25@30 ;
VKBKTABIH*.
Artlchnlceß,'sdoz9l@l '.' 6l Mr' fat Squash. V Ib BiailO
Beets, d0z......,12@151Dr1ed Okra. * 1b..12®15
Beans, white 3$ 6| Onions, * Ib .:.... 4® t>
Colored. 1b..... :(# 5 Peppers, dried .15® —
Lima, 9 1b....... 4® v) do. gre»n. %* Ib . 12® —
Cabbage, each.;... 6fa;lo Parsnips, * a0x..«16@20
Cauliflowers, each. 6(2> 8 Potatoes, 9 1b..... 'Met 3
Celery, %* bunch... 66S — ' Do Sweet,* Ib.. 3© 4
Cress. « bunchs.2oi§)26 Radishes.»dzbchs. I a
Garlic, t« Ib t><9 - Sage, * 1b..... 26®35
Green Peas, $ ft.. 10(g)l* string Beans, 9 BulOfcllS
Lentils, %* tt> ...... 6® -b\ Thyme, *Ib 20®30
Lettuce, 9 dox 1.V<4'25 Turnips, t* doi 16®'20
Mushrooms, V n>..l6©2o i Tomatoes, ~t> ■■■■ 8^)12
*IBH— PKR POCSa
Barracuda M .... -®lli|Shad.... 8(ZD1O
Carp 60 SSeaßass .10®12
Codfish 12®15 Smelts „ l'.'@ls
F10under5.... ...... 10(59 — Soles ........10®12
Halibut...... 6 Skates, each 6@15
Herrtnr B®loiSturgeon...........lO(<SlJ
Kingllsh fctdUOlTomcod..... 126315
Mackerel.... -ftd— jClams, ga1....... — (e&SO
■ do. Horse -«$ - Do. hardshell, 9 -
Perch .10®—! 100.......... 50® -
PomDano ...... ..... -<a — Crabs, each . . . . . . . . 12®1S
Bock fish 12(d)16 Do. soft shell, 9 dz. 35
Salmon, smoked. ..20® — Mussels, V ok. . . . 10®12
Salmon, fresh . . . 1 2®1 5, Oysters, Cal,s 100.40$ —
bhruops fctaUO.Do, Eastern, %tds.^6®4o
THE STOCK MARKET.
The best prices for minim: stocks yesterday
were considerably under those of Thursday and
the market was dull and featureless.
Continued reports of a powder combine ad
vanced (ilnnt Powder from $18 60 to 922 60.
The San Francisco Savings Union has declared
a dividend at the rate of 4.2 per cent on term and
3.6 per cent on ordinary deposits, payable Janu
ary 2.
At the annual meeting of the Andrs Mining
Company the old management was unanimously
re-elected, with Nat T. Messer as president, John
\V. Twiggs secretary and Joseph JR. Byan superin
tendent.
liiiniK Con.— 2oo level— The Glldea raise from
the west crosscut from the north drift was ad
vanced 11 feet, with no chnnge to report. 400
levei— The Fortiinu no r tli line raise from the south
drift wa* advanced 12 feet. The vein Is broken
and valueless. In the Mclnnis raise a drift was
started south on the Fortuna and advanced 6 feet.
The ore is valueless.
EULWM Con.— loo level— False 1 was ad
vanced 8 feet, passing through old ground and
into ore, the value of which is undetermined. 200
level— The south drift from the west crosscut from
stope 14 has been stopped, and have commenced
rai -tin*. Tunnel level— Raise 1 hns been recom
menced and advanced 7 feet. The ore is much
broken. 400 level— Have cleaned rut through the
first cave. Moping— On 200 level stope 14 is
rather poor grade. In the tunnel lv slope 8 raise
1 has bten stopped, the ore pinching. In stope 1,
raise 4, the ore is low tirade and narrow. In stope
3, in the south intermediate, and in stope I, in the
north intermediate, the ere is good grade. Ore
extracted for the week, 12.U0 tons, averaging, per
foreman's estimate, 9 iO per ton.
Mono.— Bodie 400 level— The south drift on the
Fortuna vein was advanced 8 feel. There are 6
inches of low-grade quartz showing in the face.
Standard Mill istatkmknt— Ore crusbed for
th« week. 343 tons. Average asiay banner tall
inm, 98 94. Concentrates produced 3 tons. Assay
value. 953 88. Plate amalgam produced 1165
ounces. Tailings plant 1 treated 288.41 tons for
the week.
I'.OAi.J' -AI.EI.
r«*nowin« ; * rr»> the »«um in the 3aa Francisco
Ptprlr Foard yesterday:- ; ■ - -
»i(iriAß ' hornix<» ftnsrnx. fowvuyci'tii 9:Tt
SOOChllar 87 50 0ph1r.....93 100 8 NT.....42
100 G&C....»51 100 ...;;. ;...»B2IOJ Union..;.
15.1 Mexcn... 41 200 Potoal 69200 x* Jacia..2B
200Occdt..-..10 - ■■ : ■•■; ;-.">■ I "
' AJTKRXOOX i BHISIOS-— '2:^a ";*•"• . -. ■ ■
400 A!t*.;... 1 .04 200 Caleda.. .. 101100 OTrran... 06
50<j Belcher.- 31 300 Mxic 41 103 l'otost^. 68
•iO3 £0d1e.....U8 50 Occiau...lO|loo Savage,.".". 31
I lo.low.nc were "" -*• in l " a I> * c ' fl ° * 1 "*
I yesterday: . • ',
?ooi!r : i^S^iW Potw::::: E
100 !f.V.32 600 a *C......30 20> ******■■■'}
go ChoUar...Bß MJ <»g£Z» SS°fflS!^§
700 .......K4 5000yrmn....06i0J lJaoitiii»^7
100 cbnH.. ..73 ,  , ~ ■ . . .
AJTKHNoojf ntsaiox— *?!m i,,"
200 BAB 53 30<J alex.. 41 200 rlNev 41
»0O EuUlon._o9 JOD 0c6d......10 50J Union. 40
200 Change.. 75 » 0pn1r.....93.f« 00 " -"--"
150 Choir. 84 300 e*,^ V Jwtt... -27
*UO .;...'.-:.•.. 82 100 0vrmn.... 06;500 38
200 CCfeV... 1.061 ■■ -■- ■ '
tLOIIStt QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Dec 18-2 F. m.
jH/t.Atkrd. BULAtfcH
XJph.orm..... 08 OS Jackson....... f» ««
Aita.. ...... 03 04 Jnlla. ........-— £
AnJei :::::: 13 is justice.. — ot cs
Belcher 30 31 Kentnek....... - O^
Best & Belcher 62 64 Lady WuU.... — ••»
BentonOoo... — V- Mexican 41 42
Bodle ....^. 67 69 M0n0.... 20 —
Bullion » 09 It Nevada Qneeo. — 04
Bulwer. *d -Occidental..... 09 11
Caledonia. 09 It ophlr... 83 94
Chollar aHi 8S Overman.. ..>. 0& 06
Con.Cal*Va...l.os 1.10 PotosL ~. 66 67
Chailentra Coo. 28 30 savage. mm 31 *-
Con. Imperial. — tl scorpioo. — OS
Confidence.... .70 — sen. Belchee... ,08 10
1 Con New Yorlc — 03 syndicate. ..- . — «5
Crown Point.. 17 Ib silver HUL.... — t2
KastSlerraSer — W sierra Nerad*> 42 43
turekaCon... 25 - Union 40 41
Kxcheauer.... — 16 Utah ■>♦ 05 06
bouia Atiarry. 30 SI Velio w iaolMfci 36 27
UhitctkAoccxa.l.lo 1.16
GOLD Milk AM « i:\UHAXOB.
100 Lock wood Con... "7
100 do . do 26
100 Savannah - \ *2
100 do *3
bIOCK. ANL> BOND KXCHANOE.
FRIDAY. Dec 18-2 r. m.
rKIT«T> STATUS BOX OH.
JittLAtked. BUL AtkeA.
US cood.llo - U8 4s re?;. .109 110%
Do new issue — 120%
MISCKItAMKOrr* FO«Cr>%
Ca'.-stCble6s.llO — .omnißus 65..118y 5 119%
Cal KlecL6sl26 — Paciloll — —
CntraCWss — 86% Do 2d is 65... — —
Dpnt-stex-cp — , 97y 4 !P Ry 6s. — IIS
KdsnL&P6sl26 — P<feChßy6s. — lull
FACIIRR6sIOI%IOS Pwl-st RR61112 US
Gearr-st RSsIOO — heno, WL.fcL — 106
M a Vis. 103 — facto PAL. - 100
LosAnxL6s — 100 SF«fcNPR6<_ 100 IOIV4
Do Gn teed 6s — 101 BPRHArJz6s 94 —
MKt-stCble6sl23 — aPRRCaIds. — ' 113%
Doßy Con 6:1.105% - (iPßHtalss. — 100
Nat Vlnßs Ist — 100 «PBrßCalßs. 97 98V
NevCNgß7s.lUo - SV Water 6«.118%1183/ 4
N PURROs.IOO%IOS sVWater«s. 99 69%
NRyCal6s. — 105% BtktnG&E 6» - 102
NBy cal 6s. - 95 HunstT<fc 1 6s. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 ssutter-stRSs.HO —
Do 2d Is 65... 108% - VlsallaWC«4 — —
WITKK STOCKS
Contra Costa — 36 iSanJose..'. , — —
MarlnCo..... 49 — . |sprng Valley 87% 97%
GAS 6TOCK9.
Capital. — 85 Pacific Light 48 49
Central 95 — SanFrancsco 97% 98
Oak LA H 6SV4 B4V, Stockton — 'JO
Pac oas Imp 88% 89%
INSURANCE STOCK*
Flreman'sFdl6s l»0 |Sun... _ — ;- .
COMMERCIAL BAN-K UTO-KV
AmerBATC. — — ■ LondonP<tA.l33 12H
Anglo-Ca1.... 64 -69 I.ondou&sF. — SO
Bankof Ca1..238y*240 MerchEx.... li —
CalbD&TCo - 110 Nevada . ... — —
First Natlonllß4%lß6 jsatherßCo. — — .
HAVINOS BANK STOCKS.
0er?5.tLC0..1475 1600 Sav&l.oan.. — 105
HumbS&L.llOO — Security 250 —
Mutual 35 42% Union trust. 770 —
bFSav Union — 600 |
BTREBT BAILROAn STOCKS.
California... .lo7. 110 jOakHLAHay - 103
O»ary-5t...... — 60 iPresld.o ■6 ' —
Market-5t.... 43% 443/ ( tier-it — —
rOWDKH BTOCRI.
Atlantic D... — — Giant Con 22% 23
KasternD.... 74 — IJud*on D.... — —
California.... 75 — |Vlj;orlt. 70c 85c
' MISCELLAKFOTJI* STOCK*.
Alaska Pkra. 99 99% Nat Vln Co.. — HV a
BlkDCoalCo. — — -ceanicSSCo 20 22%
Cal Cot Mills — -— - Pac Aux FA— 4
Ed son Light 125 125% PacßoraxCo. 95 —
GasConAssn. — — Pac 801 l Mill — —
Her Lead Co. 80 100 t >'»rf PalntCo — 7
HawC&SCo.. , 17y 3 18 VacTransCa — —
Hutch HP co 24% 24% Pao TAT Co — —
MerKxAssn.. — 110 Sunset TAT. — —
M Klec Light 6i,i ttVf United C Co. — . , —
] bALKS-MOK.Ni.-W oJiiJ-v % ]
Foarfl— ■
50 Giant Powder Con. 3150
60 do do ai 00
60 do do ; 92 00
60 do . do 22 60
60 do do. 8 2260
,5 8V Water »7 37%
Kir*«t—
50 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. ....._ 24 00
60 do d 0,530 2400
SALS->-A rIKH.XUaX »JC»HJ<.
Board—
60 Giant Powder Con 22 25
15 do do »22 50
60 do do 22 37V4
115 Mutual Electric Light 6 25
100 Vigorlt Powder 75
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Fannie Tischer (Con'ad) (wife of P.) to William
J. Conrad, undivided half of lot on W line of L.&T
kin itree . 80 N of Golden Gate avenue, N 45 by
W 70: also undivided half of lot on N Un» of Kdtly
street. i2O X of Pierce. X *7:6 by N 75: 91tt
Martha J. Young (wife of Klchar!) to W. T.
Mi run, lot on W line of Va*oinc avenue, 143:9
N of Frederick, N 26 by W 108:3: $10.
CrccKer Ks:ate Compani- to Albert M. Whtttle,
lot on N W corot-r of Frederick and Shrader streets,
W81:3 by N 100: 910
Walter L and I- mi if L. Gibson to William Helb
ing, lot on W line of Hampshire street, 97:6 8 of
Twen y -firs'- 825 by W 100 910.
ucor.e F. and Susie A. Max well to Laura S.
Dyer, lot on NE corner of Green and Hamlin
street*. X 40 by M 60, quitclaim deed; 91 etc.
Benjamin Miller to George F. Maxwell, same,
quhclalm deed: 910.
Jacob J. and Julia Bauer to same, same, quit
claim deed; $10.
Laura S. Dyer to Alonzo Trueworthy, same,
flO.
Mary F. Gallagher to Msry Q. Gallagher lot on
W line of Hyde street. 26 e5 of Filbert, 524:6 by
W 70; 910.
James Devltt to Mary Murrin, lot on N line of
Clara strt et. 460 Wof Fourth, W 50 by N 80 aso
lot on N line of Inion street, 112:6 E of Montgom
ery, X 25 by N .0; 96.
lienry K. and L Jennie Bothln to Emilie M.
Cbabot. lot on XX line ot Fremont street, 108 :4
NW of Uoward, AW 75 by NX 137:6; 910.
Adailne M. Jenkin* to Peter Smith, lot on NW
line of >outh Park, 78 UK of Third, Ni U3 by NW
137:6; $10.
Peter Melden to I. C. Scharff, all interest in lot
on NW line of Clary street, 150 SW of Fourth,
bW 25 by NW 80; 9iO.
Ellis Kohrbacker to Hilda 11. Hoot. lot on W
line of Twenty-third avenue, 150 N of California
street, N 60 by W 120; 910.
Mary or May Mitchell to Samuel K. Mitchell, lot
on Twenty-eighth avenue, 176 N of Clement
street, N 25 by E 120: $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Charles &
Peck, lot on N line of J street, 57 :6 E of Thirty
second avenue, E 60 by N 100: flO.
Frederick H. and M ary Gabb to G. F. and H. N.
Gray, lot 31, dock li, Flint lract Homestead
Association; 910.
Mary v right to Phillip J. Bailey, lot on X line
of Goeltinger street, 200 N of Silllman, E I^o by N
60. lot 7, block 16, Ui.lverslty Homestead Exten
sion: $10.
AI.AMKDA CXJUXTY.
Central Land Company to L. H. Sly, lot on S
line of Thirty-third (or Nolan) street. 225 t of
West street, s 100 by X 36, block F, map of prop
erty of Central L»nd Company, Oakland: $10.
Same to same, lot ens line of Thirty-tnlrd (or
Nolan) street. 297 E of W« si street, S 10j by E
36, block F, same, Oakland; $:o.
H. P. and Cora A. Juerrltt to Myron T. Dusen
bury, lot on W Hue of .Madison street. 100 N of
1 hlrteenth, N 100 by W 160. bWng lots V> 'to 18
block 196, Oakland; also lot on NX corner of hast
Eleventh street nd second avenue. .\ 160 by ri.
69:6, block 28. East Oakland; also lot on N line of
Fifth street. 67 Kof Adeline, S 97:3 E 187 \ 07
W 187 10 oegiuning, OakUnd; »1Q - ° ' '
Builders', Contracts,
Robert Pieper with Edward Cox, to erect two 2.
story frame buildings on lot on • i line of Beni.h
street, 100 W of Cole, «6900; plans by owner
Robert McMillsn with D. "uriie carpVnter
work, etc, on lot on SK corner or Baker aid tul-<
ton streets, »9100: Edward J. Vogel architect.
Dr. Julius Rosenstiruwlth George H. Tay A Co.
steam heating lor building on NW corner of Suiter
«chlte y ti 6 "Blreetß>" BlreetB> * 2765: SalfleW A Kohlber|
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dmtea of Departure From San Franctaoo.
INATIO.V. |
SAILS.
| PtKB.
* lot rax .... Urays Harbor. Dec 19. 1*» t»i«r i "
rruc*e«..... Coos liar..:.. Dee 19 la « Inlr ,
Mai.orC.L Portland Deo 19.10* in* 24
l °™* *£" "»■- Dec IfclUi mm 11
: b '°f- ChinaA Japan Dec 19, lmlpMss
ii I™*1 ™* «.OOS H*y H»0 1» loin H,r It
jV •»» Wan. Vie *p v bno D.C m ' J3 *
hur»ic«..... Newport...... Dec 21. lah Pt»« 11
AB!«nch»rd Oregon ports.. D^o ai 6pm Peri'
Del None... Uravs Harbor. Deo 2'i.la i
- I<rln » Coos Bay. ....'. Deo 2 'A '■ i>i»VJi"*
£Ej**»»- ,«m Dle«o Dec iB, 1 lAM1 AM P,, f v
Msffi?»*- • l v )recon pori • i D * c aa - Dm Pi M is
[•oinmh? • * «outn» Bay . Dec J B. »ah n« a
a ?* Mexico Dec 'J».loam , IMer 11
H0mer...... Yaqulna Bay. Deo t&. 9a»i Pier 3
Mexico...... | Vie & Pjt Bnd I Dec 20, Cam i Pl.t
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
-T AM Kit | - rmiJt [ DP *
Cieone ' Crescent City ..D«c lv
l>el .None »ray* il»roor. Dec lit
Knreka_ I Newport-. ....;.- ..Dec 19
JCmplrb..... Portland... Dec 19
Wellington... .; Departure Bar Dec 19
Albion.... jTlllamooK Cay .Deo 19
Acapuico Panama.: ..Des VO
>aralloa . . . ' Yaquina ±J»/ .Dec 21
Colombia.. Portland.. :.. ..Dae 31
Mexico Victoria & Puget Sound ..Deo -'l
hanta Koii San l)t««« _ Df.3 21
Mackinaw Tacoma _ Dec 21
Peter Jebsen... ; Nanaimo Dec 21
Czarina j Coo* Bay 1.. Dec 21
W'aahteiiawr.... Tacoma Dec 22
Beleic China ■ nd Japan. De:2
Pomona ........ ilnmoold. Buy Dec Vi
5nu0i... ......... Grays Harbor. Dec 22
Coos Bar ...... Newport. Dtc SIS
Australia Honolum Dec 2:t
Weeoti... Crescent City Dec 23
Homer : Yaqulna «•>• Dec 24
Corona. --an D.eta. De: 25
Arcata.:... { Coos Bay Dec 25
State of Cat.... i'ortlana.. Dec 26
North tore... i Ilnmboldt Bar Dec 26
City Pne&la..'.. Victoria A Puget Sound ..Dec 26
IXrcn- ( i'r. <*i>*r'— >•■•■■• , [10^ fj
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. P. Coast and OroDETir Hhrvey Tidk-v
Bri.LETI.V PUBMARRD BT OKKICTAI. V
AUTHOBITV OF THK SfWRISTISDEXT. )
December— lß96.
Saturday December 18.
(■on rise* 7.22 1 Moon rlsei
Bunsets *.64;M00n set*. 7.05 a«
2!h w !l w| ha lii w
tO 1.20
!1 1.67
12 '2.30
is 3.00
:4 3.32
15 4.09
"""iTa iTUO i>.tt 10.1/6
4.3 4.47 8.4 10.41
4.6 6.87 3.3 11.20
4.7 6. SO 3.0 12.04
6.1 7.26 2.9 12.54
6 2 8.27 2.4 1.54
■ 6.3 9.H4 2.1, 3.06
o.«, ,6.:iHj— l.3
5.71 8.161-I.S
55 6.62 -I.C
6.2 7.30! -tt 1
4.7 MO -0.2
4.2! 8.54 0.4
3.7, 9.43 U
Notb— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
orJer of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and toe last or rlgal
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
•cenrs. Tho heights given are additions to the
eonndlngs on the United States Coast darvef
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given U subtractlve
from the deDth given by ihe charts
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograpbt*
Office located In the Merchant*' Exohange la
maintained In Baa Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets Of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on band for com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ooeaa
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each &*•■ from the
United states Naval Observatory at. Mare Island*
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball wit
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. Is*
publishes the same day by the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. & Hushes.
Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. la charge*
The Time Ball.
Ebastcs Hydbosraphio Orrvir. V.9. !t.. V
Merchants' KXCRANTK V
Bats Fbancisco. Decemner 18. 189% )
'. The time ball on TeiegraDh Hill was aroppel
exactly m noon to-day— i. c., at, noon of the \'i\nx
meridian, or exactly at a if. m.. Greenwich time.
W. S. Hushes,
Lieutenant V. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrlvo'l.
FRIDAY. December 18.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 4 days from
Portland, via Astoria 7M hours; pass and mdse,
to Nor^h Pacific Steamship Co.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. 17% hours from En rota;
pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 34 hours from Ven
tura; oil. to Union Oil Co. Up river direct.
Br ship Victoria Kegina, Rowlands. 54 days frm
Calela Buena, arrived off this port, and was
ordered to proceed 10 Port Townsend by the pilot
boat Grade S.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. 8 hours from Pol a;
Reyes: 35 bxs butter, to J H Newhsuer <t Co.
Schr Okanogan, Moore, 16 days lrom Port Gam
ble; lumber, to Pope & Talbot. Up river direct.
cleared.
FRIDAY. December 18.
Stmr City of Para, Mortensen, Panama, etc: P .
M 8 Co.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria; Gooi
all. Perkins & Co.
(Ship S P Hitchcock, Gates, Hono uu; J D
Sprockets & Bros Co.
Bktn W H Dlmond, Nllson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels A Bros Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, December 18.
Ftmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa eras
Stmr City of Para, Mortensen, Panama, etc.
Stmr Bonltu, Weed, Coos Bay. I
Ship John V Potter, Meyer, Nanaimo.
, Telegraphic*
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 18.-10 f. Weather
thick ; wind calm.
.' Charters-
The Br ship Vortlgern loads wheat at Tacoma
for Europe, 30a— prior to arrival.
' Spoken.
Nov 12— Lat 49 a long 65 W, Br ship Qlenburn,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
Per schr Oianogan— Dec 7 In lat 45 49 N, long
127 15 W, Br baric Clffel, from Orejon, for Queens
town.
Per Alice Blanchard— Deo 18 in lat 38 10 N, long
123 20 W, schr Coquille Ulver, from Bandon for
ban Francisco. All well.
Domestic Port*.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Noyo,
hence Dec 17.
VENTURA— Arrived Dao 18-Stmr Navarro,
from Eureka.
REDONDO— Arrived Dec 18— Schr Emma Clan*
dlna. from Por.lana.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 14— Br bark Vortigern,
from Santa Rosalia.
BEATTLK— Arrived Dec 14— Br ship Lynton.fm
Victoria. Dec 18— stmr Progreso, hence Dec 14.
POKT HADLOCK— Arrived Dec 18-acar Se
quoia, hence Dec 9.
ASTUKlA— Arrived Dec 18— Br bark Dacca, fm
Callao.
IVERSENS LANDING— SaUed Dec 18-Scht
Ocean lipray. for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO-baUed Dec 18— Stmr Ft Arena,
for &an Francisco.
USAL-Arrlved Dec 18-Stmr Newsboy, hence
Dec 17.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Balled Dec 17— Schr Moro
for Han Francisco.
POKT GAMBLE— Arrived Deo 18-Scar Hue
neme. from San Pedro.
ORAYBHARBOK— Arrived Dec 18— Schr San
Buenaventura, fro ■ Santa Barbara.
sailed Deo 16— 3tmr Del None, for San Fran
cisco.
. TILLAMOOK BAY-Arrlved Dec 1 6-Stmr Pro
tection, hence Dec 12.
SOUTH BKND— Arrived Deo 18-Schr North
1 Bend, hence Dec 11.
. . Foreign Port*.
NANAlMO— Arrived Dec 14— Nor stmr Peter
Jebsen, from Port Los Angeles.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Dec 14- Br stmr
Wellington, hence Dec 9. .
Sailed Dec 14— Sutp Columbia, for San Fran*
Cisco. i WMliHvgi|mai)raini rniM'
UKIMSBY-Ariived Deo 17— Br stmr Cedar
Branch, hence Sept 6.
YOKOHAMA— Dec 17-Br stmr Olym
pic from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL- Dec 17-Br ship British
Yeoman, for Victoria.
QUEKNSTOWN— SaiIed Dec 17— Br ship Hyder
abad, lor . '
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed Dec 17— Br stmr
Wellington, lor San Francisco.
COMoX— Sailed Dec 15— schr Minco a, for Port
Los Angeles.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Stnumsn.
NEW YORK- Arrived Dec 18-Stmr Norge, fm
Copenhagen: stmr Ems. from Genoa.
■ balled Dec la— stmr Karlsruhe, lor Bremen.
GIBRALTAR-Arrived out Dec 18-Sca»:
Warn.
HAMBURG- Arrived out Dec 18— Stmr Patrla.
UUEENSTOWN — Arrived out Dec 18-3. ,.ir
t'mbrla. ■ ,
GKSOA — Arrived out Dec 18— Stmr Normannla.
GLASGOW-salUd Dec 17— Stmr Ethiopia, for
New York.
Importations.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— loo bxs apples, 10
rolls leather. 6J M shakes. 50 bxs butter. 38 pkgs
1 hi hardware, 14 M ft lumber, 1 bx glassware, 1
okgmdse. 1 bx fruit. 3 cs lye, 3 sks almonds, 3
Bk Kß^^n S R-S-bx. 41 bxs fish 1 keg 145
his butter 1 cs tlgars. 1 pkg castings, 1 bx book*,
2 dressed how' -41 bxs apples. 1 bx shoes. 4bbls
l6 pORTi e AND-?er C "lU. B.aoch.rd-1 bx per
sonal effect 1 Ml «ac«s. «83 tKllsshooks. 198 M
ft U s"oHa r -VM SUS U 1688 bdl, shocks. 1 .<
tails. 48 bdls hides, 1 bdl pelts.
Consignees. .
Per Pomona-A Levy A Co: A C Nichols A Co;
Bruhanf Hoppe « Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; A
??»• VI I if" nil Fuse Works; Miller, Sloss AScott;
nalr'vmenVl' ton: .standard Oil Co; J 11 Hanlty
TlllmannAßendel: APaladtnl: Ji
calto* Wellman. Peo< « V.c : Wells. Fargo ACo :
0 F Frsns A to; H Heckman * Co; McKay A Co:
American Union Fl*m.o; ii Cumillonl A Co: Us
t^Vtif^l X IngUKlia; MHanl A Co; 11 11 Hogan:
N- Tsrintlno- Pacific Co.s Fish Co: -Arctic oil
works- A.te*<lor.erACo; Get* Bros A Co; H C
Hanson- KB Jlalght: Hooker A Co: UIIU Bros;
1 n \.wbauer 4 Norton, Teller A Co: Pacific
Coast Nensnaper.-ynd.cate.Co: OB Smith A Co;
Ross. Banders A Co: Ross Hewlett; Jouu Butler; .
Wbeaton: ureon A Co : Wlttel A Baker: 8 H Mad
sen- ■ R Stevens A Co: Wolf A Sou: J F Forbes;
Neusiadtcr Bros; McDonough A
Per Alice Blanchard— Lachman A Jaiobl; Dll
BlbD; T Suillvan; L Moore; Colvla Bros; II Wai
deck A Co; Clatiop Mill to.*WILL VOTE ON
CHURCH BAZAARS
Editor Whitaker to Settle
the Question With His
Own Congregation.
Can He Do in Oakland as Bishop
Riordan Once Did in
Chicago ?
Will Continue His 0 ficial Warfare
Against Fairs in Baptist
Churches.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Dec. 18. f
Can a church be maintained and kept
out of debt by legitimate offerings without
having recourse tq fairs and tut?
This question ia goiiu; to bo practical ly
decided next Wednesday at tho Twenty
third Avenue Baptist Church. At that
time the members will vote on the matter
and their choice will decide tho futuro
policy of the congregation in this regard.
Rev. Robert Whitakej is of the
church and has a very pronounced aver
sion to church fairs and b.-t»ts;us. At dif
ferent times he has referr^vl to them as
"vensual an devilish," ■•„ liKely to con
vert ■ person as is a horserace" ' and "of
do good except to raise none] "
Rev. Mr. Whitaker is one of the editors
Bof8 of tue organ of the Baptist Association of
this coast, known as tne Pacific Baptist.
About two months ago he published an
article, part of which was reproduced in
The Call, and attracted the attention of
churchmen all over the country. He re
ferred to the fact that when Archbishop
Kiordan was pastor of a Chicago church
his pastorate was most successful, spirit
ually and financially, and that the" future
prelate would not permit a fair or bazaar
in connection with his church. Mr. Whit
aker hmds that what Bishop Riordon
could do as pastor of a church in Chicago
Rev. Robert Whitaker can do as pastor of
a church in East Oakland.
Afier seeing in various newspapers in
terviews from leading ministers all over
the coast, some of whom arc opposed to
and others in favor of church fairs and
ITS, Mr. Whitaker has decided to
place the matter. before his congregation
and let the decision rest with them. This
B bus Deen taken partly because of
the oft-repeated statement that the con
gregation and not tne minister rule the
social side of the church work, and that
ninny pastors who are known to be op
posed to church fairs and lotteries are
alraid to speak* their minds because of the
opposition they wouid immediately arouse.
The congregation of the Twenty-third
Avenue Baptist Church, it is understood,
is in harmony with the ideas of tueir ptis
tor. It is stated that the work and ex
} ense contingent upon a successful bazaar
are far greater than the result justifies,
and that in nearly every instance :hose
who contribute labor, time and money
to a little bazaar would f.:r rather give a
decent amount of money outright and be
free fmm the worry and annoyance that
such affairs create.
The outcome of the vote at Mr. Whita
ker's church will be watched with much
interest, as the question na- fairly aroused
all the miniit- rs on the coast.
HEIRS GET THEIR SHARE.
A 31illion-I>ollar Kstate Distributed to
the li.irou Family Corporation.
•OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. IS. — The estate
of tne late Henry D. Bacon was ordered
distributed to-day by Judge W. E. Greene
to the Bacon Land and Loan Company,
which represents the incorporation of tne
principal heirs. Property worth about
$1,000,000 was thus distributed.
H. D. Bacon died about three years ago,
leaving his property to be divided share
and share alike to his children: Frank
Page Bacon, Ella Etta Soule, Carrie Jen
nie B:icon, wit i the exception that if hi
wife, Julia Ann, survived him, she was to
have ail the community property. In the
distribution she is given the family
dwelling with tha. half block of land on
Fallon street on which it stands, with its
.furniture, library and works of art. There
i 3 only one exception to this distribution
of personal property: a service of silver
given to the deceased by the employes of
the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad, which
the deceased left to Frank P. Bacon.
Of the childrpn, Carrie Jennie has not
married. Ella Etta, who is the wife of
Professor Frank Soule, is now suing for a
divorce from her husband, and Prank P.
Bacon ia also being sued by his wife for a
separation.
Last August the widow and children
and the legatees, for a valuable considera
tion, conveyed to the Bacon .Land and
Loan Company all their intere-t in the
estate of the late Henry D. Bacon. They
then requested the court to order the dis
tribution of the estate to the incorporation,
and this wasdone to-day.
The li«t of properties occupies many
pages of matter and shows ihe careful na
ture of the pioneer investor. It also dis
closes the cenero-ity with which the de
ceased viewed inventive i:eniu-, for there
are several items which show that he had
an interest in many patents. He was in
terested in a current-reversing key, in a
patent for induction apparatus for teleg
raphy and in over a dozen patents which
were pranted in all the countries of Eu
rope, India, Brazil and Canada.
TWO MISSING HUSBANDS.
The Yawl They Sailed In Has Been
Found Deserted.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Dec. 18 —Mrs. Henry
Harmon and Mrs. C.'iarles Richards, wb-o
reside at Fruitvale, are looking for their
husbands. They reported their disappear
ance to the police to-day and fear they
have coma to grie.\
Lust night a yawl was picked up near
the mouth of the estuary with nobody on
board and turned over to the police.
There were some fresh bloodstains on the
deck and to-day the women identified the
yacht as the joint property of their hus
bands. The men left their homes Wednes
day night to go on a fi hmz tojr and
were to have returned this morning. They
are both painters and bought the yawl
several months ago for the purposes of
' pleasure and tithing.
The deserted yawl is all that can be
found, ana the two wives know not which
way to look for their husbands.
Miss Pnrdee'B Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 18.-Miss Nellie
Pardee, only daughter of the J ate E. H.
Fardee, was* buried this 'afternoon. Rev.
C. R. Brown conducted the services and a
quartet composed of ; Mrs. A. A. Dewine,
Miss Ethel Needbam, Horace Red field and
Harry Melvin sansr appropriate selections.
The paJl-bearers were classmates in the
High School of the deceased young lady.
They were George Chase. Harry Howard,
Percey Hnwiey, . Will McDonald, Lowell
Kedfisld, Josenh King, Cleveland Baker
and Clarence Reed.
Increase of Capital.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 18— Amended
articles of incoruoration of the Bme Lakes
Water Company haye been tiled with the
County Clerk. The original place of busi
ness was Oakland, but this has been
changed to San Fiancisco and the number
of directors reduced from ten to rive. The
purposes of the company are to supply
cities and towns with water, to operate
railroads, telephones, electrical plants and
several similar thin-s.
ANYTHING FOR SHELTER.
A Sick Boy Smashes a Window to Go
to Jail.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec. 18.— Benjamin
O'Brien, a colored boy 18 years of ape,
pleaded guilty this morning to smashing
a large plate glass window on Washington
street as the only means by which he
could receive a shelter and needed medi
cal aid.
In court this morning the boy told the
Judge that he was nearly dead with a
complication of diseases, and he sta r ted
out last night with a rock in his hand
determined to break a window and get
into jail. He passed several windows
before getting to Samuel's shoestore and
then his courage OD to the point
necessary to throw t u ie rock.
"It was my only chance of getting food
and seeing a doctor," tai>l the boy, "and
as I thinK that it really meant lifeor death
1 broke the window rather than steal. I
went before the Supervisors once and
naked for aid, but they took no action and
I could wait no longer." When the
J v ige was assurred of the boy's sickness
he suspended judgment for one month
and suggested that the 'lad be taken to the
Receiving Hospital, which was done.
NEEDS MORE PLANT.
Growth of tho Boet-sugjar Industry iv
Alaiueda County.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. IS.— The Ala
meda Sugar Company, whose works at
Alvarado is the pioneer in this industry
in the United States, will make large ad
ditions to its plant. This company was
organized in 1870, and for many years had
a hard road to travel, early mistakes hav
ing been corrected and improved methods
acquired at a heavy cost. This year the
factory is making a very long run, having
an extraordinary quantity of beets, which
will not be finished before the end of Janu
ary.
It has been decided to increase the capi
tal stock from;$400,000 to $750,C00,and when
the increased plant is pu; m the capacity
of the beet mill will be 800 tons of bceis
per day.
Work on a New Road.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 18.— Work has
been commenced on the electric road be
tween Oakland and Livermore, though
for the present it will not be prosecuted
with great vigor. The company has com
menced work at Fruitvale in order to com
ply with the law, and has yet a year in
which to finish the road under the terms
of the franchise. All the rights of way
have been secured and the surveyors have
completed the survey, which passes
through the most productive region south
of the^foo thills.
Will Supply All Their Needs.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec* 18.— Adjutant
Reid of the Salvation Army is preparing
to minister to the wants of the needy on
New Year's day. The various officers and
cadets in this city are now busiiy engaged
I in getting together all kinds ot material
sucn as olothioe, coal, provisions and the
like, and on New Year's day in addition to
a good dinner these articles will De dis
tributed in such a manner as to produce
the greatest benefit.
A Home for Mrs. IJoogar.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 18.— Mrs. Boogar
has won the first of tho many cas>>s re
garding the Boogar estate. This afternoon
Judge Greene issued an order setting
aside as her individual property the home
stead located at Eighth and Franklin
streets. There are several other civil and
criminal cases conn cted with the Boo
gars still to be decided.
Lanveil to Keorganize.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 18. — The Ala
raeiia County Bar Association has decided
to reorganize. Wednesday evening last
President W. B. Powers appointed a com
mittee, consisting of A. L. Black, Bryan
Bradley and Hal Martin, to drafi a report
on organization. During the coming
months t:;e association will hold its an
nual banquet.
WAS BERTHA KIDNAPED?
Superintendent Smiley of the
Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society Angry.
Says That He Will Apply to the
Supreme Court for a Writ to
Recover His Charge.
Superintendent Smiley of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society is angry. He will
probably sue out a writ of habeas corpus
in the Supreme Court to secure the person
cf Bertha Drews, a young girl, who was,
so Mr. Smiley says, yesterday kidnaped
from the institution of which he has
control.
Bertha Drews came to this City about
two months ago from the East. The So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children became interested in her. She
was sheltered by the Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society. She has a sister in Brooklyn,
N. Y. Recently her sister, havme learned
ot her, raised money to take Bertha Dack
East. She was to have departed yester
day. Ihe Swedish Consul, she being a
Swede, was interested in her.
The Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children ngrepd to conduct her to
the Swedish Consul, who bad the money
to pay for her fare. Accordingly Frank
Holbrook, an officer of the society, went
out yesterday afternoon to get her. When
he arrived tho girl was gone.
Superintendent Smiley told the story
last night. Yesterday afternoon Mr. Wil
liamson and his wile of Baden, Mrs. Wil
liatason being Bertha's sister, called at
the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society office
and asked to see Bertha. The request
was granted by the matron in the absence
of Mr. Smiley. The matron was com
peiled to go out of ihe room for a few
minutes, and when she returned Bertna
and her sister and her sister's hi.sband
wer6 pone. Supposedly they were on
their way to Baden, where the William
sons live.
As a result Bertha Drews did not start
yesterday on her overland journey. As
she is out of this county, it will be neces
sary to apply to the Supreme Court for
the desired writ of habeas corpus.
The Blue Lakes Water Company.
Amended articles of incorporation of the
Blue Lakes Water Company have been filed in
the office of the County Clerk. The principal
place of business of the company has been
changed from Oakland to San Franoi'Co. The
capital stock is fixed at $10,01)0.000, shares
being of the par value of $100 each. The fol
lowing statement shows tne number of shares
subscribed for by stockholders: W. Frank
Pierce 2^,956 shares, Robert McF. Poble 10
Robert McK. Doble (trustee) 4115, Jesse W.
Lilienihal 10, C. S. Wright 1000, John Flour
noys, J. S. Kmery 2020, Lewis J. Firth (by
Robert McF. Doble, attorney in fact) 1217
Abm-r Doble 500, Thomas H. Camel! 5ooo!
Henry L. Davis 500, G. W. Reinhart, 5000,
George Patterson 100, James B. Merritt2so
C. E. Gillett 10,000, V. v. Woody 100, \V. H. H.
Har: 1000, Pi. ton Water Wheel Company 50
M. H. liastman 100, P. W. 6. Moebus 100 E*
M. Waliih 2000. Brinon & Rty 1000, Wilfiam
Ede (tr'istee) 2000. P. M. Smith 1000 L. G
Harvey (trustee) 3000, E. & Doble 15,500
Valuable Property Appraised.
Inventories and appraisements of estates of
persons deceased have been filed in the County
Clerk's office as follows: Charles McGuire,
$1760; Lucy E. Squires,' $59,947 81: Marca
tet D'Arcr, $7710; Marian Kerritish, $800;
Joseph Koib, $700; Henry Gallagher, $350;
L. 11. Vh-1 S'tiiiu k, (692 25; Anna Cowperih
waite, $3550: Mar;;»r.'t Moo try, $37,081 47;
Mutv Jmie Burnum,sss3 83.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
DINED AND STOLE
AND GAVE THANKS
Was Found by Tramps
Who Had Good Ap
petites.
While Farmer Martin and His
Wife Prayed Their House
Was Robbed.
The Thieves Leit a Note of Thanks
and Referred to Their Future
Movements-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
SOB Broadway, Dec. 18. f
Thanks, we found the $60 ana will eat our nexc
dinner at the Palace Hotel, where we can be
found— Dit.
The above little note with no signature
was found by a farmer and his wife last
night on their return home.
Mr. and Mrs. Martin, who reside at a
ranch house between Decoto and Mission
San Jose, had a novel experience with two
or more unknown tramps last night. It is
thought that they are the victims of about
four road agents, as when they returned
from church the dinner-table looked as if
two relays of visitors had sat down and
eaten a hearty meal.
Last evening the occupants of the ranch
left their home to attend the prayer-meet
ing at the little church recently dedicated
at Decoto. They closed their doors,but with
the confidence that is usually felt in rural
districts they did not take the precaution
of locking doors or fastening windows.
When they had gone some tramps ap
proached the house and finding a ready
entrance and no one at home they at once
proceeded to rnako themselves comforta
ble. Judging by the complete prepara
tions made they must have depended on
the long absence of the family. The
tramps set table for two and ransacked
the larder for what they could find. It
looked 38 if two men had eaten and then
given place to two more, j»s only two
cbairs were pulled up to the table, while
there were four plates with remnants on
them.
After eating the tramps looked around
for anything that was of value but not of
sufficient weight toproveanincumbrance.
Carefully hidden away under a sugar
bowl on a shelf was $60 in gold. This was
taken and appears to have satisfied the
tramps, as nothing else was missed.
Before leaving one of the robbers penned
the little note already referred to and
placed it on a conspicuous part of the
table.
When Mr. and Mrs. Martin returned
they found the note and at once rushed to
the place occupied by the sugar-bowl.
Their worst fears were realized. As they
could not iniorm the constable last night
the robber-tramps had a big start and
have not yet be n caught.
A NEW MOTOR CYCLE.
At Work Upon a New Invention — AI
bert Kynoch's Feculiar Predicament,
Making Other Children Happy.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 18.— The inven
tive genius of the Alameda Cyclers, Fred
Whii«", will soon begin work again upon
his motor cycle. Last spring Mr. White
made some rough drawings of an intended
invention, but when he undertook to
secure funds to carry out the plan* he
found that with ihe uncertainty of election
coming on and the lack of confidence
among business men it would be impos
sible to secure tie financial backing, so he
gave up work. Now, however, the uncer
tainty has changed and confidence has
Deen restored. Mr. White will begin
work afresh with tne new year. Already
the wheels and frame work are shaped
sufficiently to be put together.
"I have some ideas entirely different
from any motor now in use," said Mr.
White, "and I am satisfied that by the
time the spring rains are over I will have
one of the best moior cycles in the United
States in operation. The pneumatic tires
of the bicycle will be retained, which will
make tl.e machine noiseless. With such
jtroets as we have in this City I can make
good speed and have perfect control of
the cycle. It will have four wheels and
an iron frame, which will make it very
strong and durable."
A Finauclal Success.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dpc. 18.— The ladies
in charge of the Carnival of Nations, re
cently held in the armory, have settled
their bills and have the neat little sum of
$410 to apply upon the debt of the Boys'
Brigade. Some more will yet be added to
this amount, which will increase it to
$425. The ladies are very grateful to all
who assisted to make the affair a success.
They were particularly pleased with the
complete reports published in The Call
of each day's proceedings. "The power
of the press was fully illustrated, said
Miss W. H. Pollard, chairman of the com
mittee, "and we are very grateful to The
Call fur its good offices."
Lost Mix Beard.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 18.— Albert Ky
noch of 2204 Encinal avenua is a man
abont 40 years of age. Up to within two
montus rko he wore a full beard and mus
tache. Now his face is as smooth as a
boy's. The case is puzzling the local phy
sicians, who express their astonishment at
the man's condition. Mr. Kynoch has not
been sick, and his face gives no sign of
disease, it being very smooth and of its
natural color.
Returned the Dollar.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 18.— The police
have arr sted Patrick McGovern on a
charge of embezzlement. He is charged
with taking $1 from a messenger- boy,
George Davis. He returned the money,
and was released on $5 bail furnished Dy
his wife. He lorleited that amount when
the case was called later in the day.
Little People to Entertain.
ALA.V.EDA, Cal., Dec. 18.— The Minis
tering Children's League, an organization
of the young folks of Christ's Episcopal
Church, will entertain its friends to-mor
row afternoon and evening, in the church.
All children will be admitted free and a
good programme of music and speaking is
promised.
Alameda Brevities.
The third annual ball of the Electric Club
will be held in Armory Hall to-night.
The Excelsior Literary Society met last
ninlit and listened to a paper* on "The Sick
room," by Dr. Morgan.
Claude Hitchens of Pearl street nearly cut
off his Index finger yesterday afternoon while
whittling with a carving-knife.
Edwin W. Maslin, 1826 San Jose avenue, hag
been confined to his home several weeks by a
sprained kneecfto. He is a deputy naval of
ficer under Colouel Irish.
Mrs. E. H. Moutell of 1213 Pacific avenue is
suffering from an attack of paralysis of the
brain, which came on saddenly while she was
in the yard awaiting her husband's returr.
Poitofflce Burglars.
The local Dostal authorities have within the
past few days received several reports of
burglaries committed in Oregon postofflces.
On Wednesday night thieves broke into the
postoffice at Hubbard, thirty-two miles south
of Portland, nnd cleaned out the entire place.
Ou Thursday night they broke into the post
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
office at Oregon City, halfway between Port
lani and Hubbard, and did not leave so much
as a postage stamp. Inspector Ervvin states
that there seems to be a regular organized
gang of postoffice thieves there, working alone
the line of tne railroad. Inspector Gordon Is
on the ground and hopes to be ab'.e to run the
thieves down. Oregon is in this postal district.
SOLDIER ATHLETES.
The United Kegimentg at the Presidio
Enjoy a Day of Outdoor
Amusement.
The intermingling of officers and soldiers
at the Presidio yesterday in the various
athletic games recognized neither superi
ors nor inferiors so far as gold lace and
athletic costumes were concerned.
To give official countenance and recog
nition to the games the following officers
were detailed to supervise the events:
Referee, Dr. Edie; inspectors. Lieutenants
Barrette, Hams and Davis; judees, Lieu
tenants Campbell, McNair, Rutherford,
Gardner, Carson, Kilburnand Bent; time
keepers, Dr. Frick and Lieutenant Crox
ton; starter. Lieutenant Hinkiey; clerk of
course, Sergeant-major McCieave; games
committee, Captain Rogers, Lieutenants
Roudiez, Nolan and Hinkiey.
The first event was a tug-of-war be
tween the First Infantry and Fourth Cav
alry, which resulted in favor of the infan
try in the short time of five minues.
The second event was a 100-yard dash,
in which the infantry, cavalry and artil
lery entered the following as the swiftest
of tueir regiments: Cavalry — Farrei!, B;
Coan, B; Hoberkamm, I; Glenny, I. Ar
tillery — Reynoldson, C; Gallagher, C;
Miller, F; Jenkins, G; Westfall. K. In
fantry—Kelly. A; Engstrom, E; Broquet,
F; Puckett, G; Ramsey, G. Puckett of
the First Infantry came in the winner
in 10 4-s seconds, with Jenkhis of the ar
tillery close behind leaving Engstrom be
hind.
The third event was a standing broad
jump, with the following entries:
Cavalry— Zipp. C; Benedict, K. Artil
lery — Lane, G. Infantry— Rollins, G.
Zipp of the cavalry was declared the
winner, with 9 feet 5 inches to his credit.
The fourth event was a 440 yard dash,
the entries being: Cavalry— McKinney,
B; Hoberkamm, I; Quinn, X; Anderson,
K. Artillery— Hammett, C; Walker, C;
Patterson, F; Shafer, G. Infantry—
Larkin, A; Engstrom, E; Puckett, G.
Puckett again showed his heels to his
competitors in making the race in 59^
seconds, with Engstrom aeconu and Hober
kamm third.
Tlw fifth event was a running broad
jump, with the following entries:
Cavalry — Miner, B; Zipp, C; Glenny, 1;
Fernandez. X; Posner, K. Artillery—Gil
uatt, F; Cherry, G; Lane, G; Witt, K.
Infantry — Devine, A; Scales, A; Morris,
E; Gosnell, F; Jones, G.
Zinp carried off the honors by covering
16 feet 5 inches of ground.
The sixth event was a 220-yard race in
which the entries were: Cavaliy — Coan,
BjKeilty. X; Posner, K. Artillery— Shafcr,
G; Wilson, K. Infantry— Puckett, G.
Puckett again bhowed his speed by cov
ering the distance in 24 3-5 seconds, with
Coan of the cavalry a good econd.
The seventh event was putting the shot,
for which wereentered: Cavalry — Marcy,
C; Harrison, I; Benedict, X; Fernandez,
K. Artillery— Oixon, C; Walker, C; Rk
mer, F; Heath, F; Meinecke, G; Riggle,
K. Infantry — Baton, A; Kaufman, A;
Webb. E; O'Brien, E; Duty, F; Rollins, G.
Koliins of the infantry was declared the
winner by his throw of 35 leet 4 inches,
with Fernandez of the cavalry second and
Benedict of the sume corps third.
The eighth event was the potato race,
which consists of picking up the tubers,
placed at an equal distance from each
other, and the runner who mnket the best
time in the collection carries off the hon
or?. In this event the cavalry made no
entries, but left the field open to the in
fantry and artillery, as foilows:
Artillery— Clay, C; Toney, C; Patterson,
F; Shultz, F; Cherry, G; Wroblewski, K.
Infantry — Devine, A; Gosnell, F; Bojttjs,
F; Puckett, G; Kaiman, G.
Puckeu once more won with Shultz and
Wroblewski in the oruer named behind
him.
The ninth event was a running high
jump with the entries: Cavalry— Millr.er,
B; McNamara, C; Gienny, I; Harrison,
I; Fernandez, X; Posner. K. Artillery —
Fousbell, F. infantry — Devine, A;
Jone*. G.
Harrison was declared the winner, with
4 leet 5 inches to his credit.
The tenth event was throwing the
hammer, at which there were entered:
Cavalry— Mickel, C; Benedict, X; Fe.
nandez, K. Artillery — Scnultz, F; Riemer,
F; Shearlock, K. Infantry— Webb, E;
Meyer, F.
Meyer of the infantry won by sending
the missile 83 feet 6 inches.
The eleventh event was a relay race, in
which twenty men from each of the regi
ments were entered. This race consisted
of delivering a very urgentdispatch by re
lays over a distance of 100 yiirds. The in
fantry outran their bruthers of the
mounted corps and were declared the
winners.
The twelfth event was a tug-of-war by
the victorious team of the previous tug
and the artillery, but the infantry out
pulied the boys with red facings in thir
teen minutes and were declared the
victors.
The afternoon's sport was a game of
baseball between the infantry and cavalry,
in which tho former were the winners.
The score was 24 to 13.
The next athletic field day will be in the
early part of January, after which post
matcnes will be made up by picking the
best men from all the corps stationed at
the particular post challenged.
NO CLASH PROBABLE.
County Clerk Curry and Judge Belcher
Agree iv Regard to Trial Exhibits.
County Clerk Curry called on Judge
Belcher of the Superior Court yesterday
for the purpose of discussing an order re
cently issued by the Judge that exhibits
in criminal cases should hereafter be de
livered to the property clerk of the Police
Department at the conclusion of the trial.
Mr. Curry said he believed that he would
be neglectful of his duty if he should con
sent to the delivery of tho exhibits to the
.Police Department. H^ held that tha ex
hib ts properly belong in his custody, and
could not ses his way clear to surrender
ing ihem to any other officer.
An act of the Legislature approved Feb
ruary 2, 1872, iv retard to the duties of the
clerk of the City and County of San Fran
cisco provides as follows:
No Judge or other officer of any court shall
make any order for the delivery by the Couii ty
Cleric of t-aid. City and County o! San Francisco
of any paper, files or records in his custody.
Touching this mater Judge Belcher
subsequently remarked that he had no de
sire to invade the prerogatives of the
County Clerk, his only idea being to draw
attention to the fact that some mistakes
had occurred in regard to exhibits in
criminal ensrs, and ho hoped to guard
Hgainsta recurrence of such errors; that
he does not care who keeps the exhibits
so they are kept safely and may be pro
duced promptly when wanted.
It is not clear that the statute of Feb
ruary 2, 1872, is conclusive of the matter,
the Judge said, aa the code, w ich was en
acted subsequently, may supersede the
earlier enactment.
Mr. Curry declares that hereafter papers
and exhibits will De allowed to^no out of
his possession only on order of the court,
and that the person receiving such articles
will be required to receipt for same. •
Wants to Change His Name.
Wenzell Adami, a native of the town of
Nleder Weisel, in the county of Hesaen Darm
stadt, Germany, has appiied to the Superior
Court for permission to change his name to
WcnzeU Adams. His reason for this request
ia that he wishes to conform to the Amer
ican stylo of nomenclature. He holds prop
erty under the name of Adiims, was n«tural
lz.-d under that name ana is generally known
among his acquaintances as Adams.
ABOUT THE DIVINE
PERSONALITY
Dr. William T. Harris'
Lecture in Berkeley
Last Evening.
The Existence of a Personal
God a Certainty of Pailo
sophic Thought.
Objected to ths Theory That Nature
Is an Accident in the Divine
Purpose.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 18.— The audi
torium of Siiles Hall was not large
enough to accommodate all who desired
to hear Dr. William T. Harris to-night on
"The Nature of the Divine Personality,"
and many were unable to gain a place in
the audience.
The visiting philosopher was introduced
by Professor Howison, president of the
Philosophical Union, who made a few re
marks on the subject of his address.
"Many persons in the East who are in
terested iv philosophy are looking to Cali
fornia ior a new revival of philosophic
thought," said Dr. Harris before entering
upon the discussion of his subject. "1
have the highest regard for Professor
Howison, in whose thinking I take more
interest than in that of any other living
philosopher."
The noted visitor began his lecture by
reference to the importance of concepts of
a first cause, which was declared to be the
basis of all religion, all philosophy and all
ethics. 'If the evidence of senses
alone ia to be trusted there can
be no certainty oi immortality."
said Dr. Harris, "bnt man has aa inner
consciousness which sees more. Thi3
inner consciousness, presenting to us feel
ings, ideas, acts of will, leads us to widely
different, thoughts from those reached by
views only of the external mind. We can
not afford to look at the world only from
the objective point of view, but must in
cluue in our evidence the phenomena and
the characteristics and necessities of
mind.'*
After reviewing ancient doctrines of
theism Dr. Harris proceeded to explain
the Christian theism of the Hebrews.
'•The substance of their early faith is
found in the Psalms and in the early
prophets," said he. "It dealt with a god
external to nature, having infinite right
eousness and goodness and worshiped not
by forms and ceremonies, but by
human manifestations of righteousness
and goodness. In this idea ail exist
through the Almighty grace or kindness
in conferring life. It is loving kindness
rather than justice. Justice ia for the ma
ture being, loving kindness is for the im
mature. The Greek philosopher was the
source of the roots of Christian piety of in
tellect, which, as opposed to piety of heart
or faith or piety of will or right actions, is
denned as comprehension of God."
Dr. Harris declared that Plato was the
first philosopher to trace the ontological
proof cf God, establishing the necessity
for the existence of an independent being
by ihe fact of the existence of the de
pendent being.
"The modern doctrine of the correlation
of forces presupposes the existence of in
finite personality," continued he, "just as
the doctrine of a totality of dependent be
ings leads to the idea of an independent
being. If Spencer had had a mind like
Plato's he would have reached this con
clusion rather than arrive at the unknow
able that is the basis of his universe."
The lecturer reviewed Aristotle's addi
tions to the system of Piato, and closed
his remarks upon the Greek philosophers
with the assertion that "'Nothing needs to
be withdrawn from their conclusions,
more may be discovered, but all only
makes more certain the fundamentals ot
the philosophy of Plato and Aristotle."
Dr. Harris then proceeded to compare
the Greek and Hindoo conceptions of the
infinite, and to expound the Christian
doctrines of the holy trinity and of the
atonement. The doctrine of Father, Son
and Holy Ghost was elaborated philo
sophically and declared to contain a full
explanation of creation ana of tho world
or dependent beings.
'Individuality," said Dr. Harris in
speating of evolution, "begins to appear
in specific gravity in matter. It is found
all through creation, organic and in
organic, until in man it reaches the
height of moral action."
Dr. Harris affirmed the existence of a
personal God is a certainty of philosophi
cal thought. He objected to the con
ception of nature as identical with God
and also to the teachings of" some theo
logians that nature is but an accident in
the divine purposes.
"There ar« two orders of knowing
event?," said he. "The first is the sen
sual knowledge of externals. The second
is the knowledge of God, the most certain
of all our ideas, the light in all our sin."
MILITARY APPOINTMENTS.
Officers for Next Term at the State
University Named by Lieutenant
Winn.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 18.— The fol
lowing appointments of officers and non
commissioned officers atthe Scate Univer
sity for next term have been made by
Lieutenant Winn:
To be second lieutenants— Comnany A, V. H.
Craig: Company B, P. X. Xewhall: Company
C, L. H. Miller; "Company D, X. Wedemeyer;
Company £, A. L. Glacoiuini; Company F, G.
L. Baiiey; Company G, E. W. Stadtmuller;
Company H, P. R. Thnyer; unattached, H.
PprH.
To be sergeßnt-mnjor, A. M. George. To bs
first £ ergeants— Company B, F. R. Watson;
Company C, C. M. uickerson : Company D,
L. T. Wagner; Company E, C. Wigmore; Com
pany G, G. P. Oilman; Company H, J. W. -Millar.
To be c >lor-sergeauts, B. Bakewell and H. B.
Budd.
To be sergeants— Company A, R. W. Lohman ;
Company D, J. Young.
To be corporals— Company D, C. E. Fryer, T.
L. Barnes; Company F,S. R.Talcoit; Company
B, W. Me louri, E. Heiserman, E. B. Arnold
and H. J. Friediauder.
These officers are in direct line to head
the list next year.
New Class Officers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 18.— Class offi
cers of tne Berkeley High School have
been elected for next term as follows:
Senior class — President, W. Reed; vice
president, w. Powell; secresarv, Miss
G. Freuler; treasurers, Miss B. Skinner and
Mr. E. Scott; class historian. Miss E. Wyckoff;
class prophet, Miss Ne. lie Hamlin.
Middle class — President, Mr. McDonald;
vice-president, Mass Bessie t-impson; secre
tary, W. E. Basham; treasurer, H. Araley.
Junior clhss — President, E. Woods; vice
president, Miss Amy Mott; secretary. Miss
Eva Earl; treasurer, P. Parker; sergeant-at
arms, L. Parker.
Money for India.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 18.— About $300
has been collected in Berkeley for ihe
starving millions in India. A new ma
hogany piano which wan donated to the
cause was sold 'ast night for $225.
Mrs. Craven's Suit Soon to Be Tried.
The three important suits of Mrs. Net
tie R. Craven against R. V. Der, Mrs.
Craven against Charles L Fair and Mrs. Cra
ven against Mrs. OelHchs and Miss Virginia
Fair have be^n continued by Judge slrick until
tho Bih ox January, at which time it is c
pected that the date of trial will beset. The
property involved in this litigation amounts
to more than $1,000,000. !
,-- — •> — — • ; "^ . .'
The tone of a piano is best when the in
strument is not near a wall. '
NEW TO-DAT.
"When I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop !
them for a time and thou have them return again. I, •
mean a radical cure. I have made the disease of I
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life- I
long study. I warrant my remedy to cure the worst ;
cases. i Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. ■■ Send at once for a treatise 1
and a Free Bottle of :ny infallible remedy. Give fix- , j
press and Postoffice address. •
M 3 WJ.PEEIE t FJ.,iße(largt.jCTTO!ti
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
635 KEAKVT ST. Established .
in 1854 for the treatment of Private '
I )isei«;cs, Lost Manhood. Debility or I
disease wearing on bodyandmlndand j
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswben .
others fail. Try him. Charges low. j
CarrnsuaiHiiii-i'd. Callorwrite. }
i>i. j. ■•'. ulßßOJl. Bo KlSST.Saa Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEASSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AJL j
wharf, Ban Francisco, as follows: *»MmC :
For Mary Island, Lorinu, Wrangel, Jnneau. Kit- |
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), ac 9 a. m., Dec. 10, 2d
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town- 1
send, Seattle, Tacoma, - F.verett, Anr.corles and
New Wkatcom (Bellinenam Bay. Wash.), 9a. M. ;
Dec. 6, 10, 15, '20, 26, 30, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. B. j
X., at Tat'oiua with N. 1". K. X., at Seattle with U.
IN". Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area it and Fields Landing (Hum. {
boldt Bay), Btr. Pomona 2 P. m.. Dec. 3, 7, 11, 15, !
19. 23, 27. 31. and every fourth day 'thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, c.iyucoo, :
Port Harford (!<an Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, SauU i
Barbara, Ventura, nueneme, fan Pedro, East San i
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. K. ;
Dec. 1, 6, 9, 13, 17. 21, 26, 29, and every fourth !
day thereafter. •
V For San Diego, stopping- only at -Port HarrorJ j
(San Luis Oblspo), .-anta Barbara, Port Los An- !
geles, Kedoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11 ,
a.m. Dec.3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, -7, 31, and every fourth
day thereafter. i
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. MaEatlan, La !
Paz and' Guayma-i (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10 •
A. M. 25th of each month. ■ '■ • ■ ■■."-. : " . ;■;: '■
'Ihe Company reserves right to change steamers !
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4 '
New Montgomery street. • . . '■-
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market si.. San Francisco. .
THE.-6.R^&';N.':CO.'
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS.TO ,
PORTLAND
*• From Spear-stree; Wharf, at 10 a.'m.
FA T?T?/*l3 First-class 1 Including
-A JLtJL«t igt; Second-clasn /berth & oiea'.a
. . SCHEDULE Ok FAILINGS:
State of California. — ....Dec. 19, 29, Jan. 8
Columbia ....... ......Dec. 14, '2-4, Jan. 9
Througn tickets and through basga^e to all
Kas:ern points. Rates and- foiUers upon appliaw
tiou to -
F. F. CONNOR. General Aeont.
'630 Market street.
nOQDALL. PERKINS <fc CO.. buperlntendenta
OCEANIC S.S. CO. £\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, L* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, IB •*
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
at). AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, December 29, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
s. 8. M.Vi.IPOsA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, January
7, at 2 P. m. -
Line to (OOLGABDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office. 327 Market, at.. San Francisco.
COIPI6IIE6EHEK.IL TRUSATLUIIQOI
French Line to Havr<i.
pOMPASY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH Ajß
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by gKffijg
this line avoid both transit by English railway in}
the discomfort of crossing the channel la a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, .Egypt, vi» Jfaru,
first-class $ltf.'; secona-cln**, *llt>.
LA CHAMPAGNE... ........Dec. 12,5 A. X. '
LA IOURAINK Dec. 19. 9 a. s*.
LA GASCOUNE »....Dec. 2tJ, 5 a. M.
LA NORMAN D1E...... Jan. 2 . .
LA BKKTAGNK Jan. 9 .
/Mr' A' « luiuier particulars apply 10 . |-V
.-. - -'. A. FORGET. Agent,
Tfo. S. Bowling Green, New Yorlc * *
,r. v. FTXGAZI & CO, Agonu, & Moatgoiasrf
•venue, Han Francisco. .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
At 6 V. 31. Daily. FreiuUi. received u»
to »:31> P. M.
$gr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
'l fca only line mailing through rates on V allay
Boad freight. ■ <
STKAMEHS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Urarratt, City of Stoobtoa.
. 'ieiephoue Main 805. Cat. JSav. and Imut. C*
VALLEJO AND U. S. JIYY-YIRD.
STEAMER "MONTICELLO,"
Dally ex. Sa:. & Sun.. *10:30 a, it, 4 and 9:30 p. it
Saturdays ............. '......•10:30 A. M., 4p. H.
Sundays....... : .....:... ...-..•..,:. .8 r. it, '
- " Landing Misston-stree* Dock, Pier 2. ,'*--. ;■
Telephone Black Ml. :■■ : . ,
•Excursion trip. givm* b huuH at Navy-Yard.
FOR '.SAIJOSEi I.OSGATOS & SASTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MON-
O "iiy, Wednesday, Friday, at, 10 a. m. Alviso
Monda/, .Wednesday, Friday, at 6 -P. m. ' Freight
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
Alviso. 50c; to San Jose, 75c Clay • si.., Pier 1.
20 W. Santa Clara St., Shu Jose. , - '. ■
"•" RAILROAD TRAVEL. ;
Atlantic <i|ii§rj
Pacific Jt£^£&&&^k
Trains leave an arriva at^^^^nß^^R I
Market-Street Ferry. . ■Bft£p*gggs|g \
SANTA FE EXPRESS. |l§iS :
To Chicago via A. & P.^^^ToVJTC^
Direct Line . * "«S '*'C<a*jy^^y^g
leaves da lyat 4:30 p. »r.,cnrrrine Pullman Palacs j
Drawing-room and < Modern Upholstered Tourist
Kleeplng-cars, whicli run daily through tb Chics .
via Kansas City. Annex caw for Denver and 3., j
Louis. ■ 1 ■■•■•. 1
.Boston Excursions, v.a Kansas City, Chicago, :
Montreal and the White Jjouutaias'.leuve every ■
'1 1 esday. .
,•■ The best railway from California to the East, j
New rails, new ties: nodnst; interesting' scenery, ■,
ana good meals in Harvey's dinlug-rooms. ..<-']
San Francisco Ticket Ottice, 644 Market
St., Chronicle I. vi Id ing. Telephone Mais '
IG3I. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From Ban Francisco, Commencing Sepu 13, 189 i '
. WEEKDAYS, . :
For Mill Valle» and ; s>«n . Halael— »7 r25, •9:l^ I
11:00 a. M. •1:45. 3:45, «5:15. •5:45,0:30 P.x
Extra trips for Ban Kafael on Mondays, Wednes-
: days and Saturdays*'. 11:30 r. U.
: r, 3 SUNDAYS. "
For Mill Valley and Sun. P.afael— *B:oo, "lO^
•11:80 >. M. : *l;.iO, 3:00, »4:SO. 6:16r. M. .. .
Trains marked ■ run to San Uueutin. '
THROUGH TRAINS. '
- For Pol Keyes- and way ■ stations— 7:2o a. «, ' !
Weekdays, 8:00 a. v Sundays, 1:45 p, v. .~atui»
<ays. ■-:■■•■■ ■'•'■■; > .• •
iOr Cazndero and war station*— 7:2s *. v. w«ei» ;
fays; 1:45 *•. m. Saturdays.
MOUNT TAJIALPAIS. j
Trains connect with North Paclfl*
Const Railroad.
WKKK days— leaves. F. 9:15 am 1-4 ■■ r m.
Returning— 8. K. 3:25 p m. 8:l!0 p' m.
SUNDAYS— Leave Ba. m 11: so a.m. 1 :S) r
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1:16 p. m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 r it
Tickets tor sale In MiU Valley or . . - Tli •
vl|l THO». COOK 4 >ONS. 621 Market St., & F.
MIU Valley and Mount l'amalpais scenic Hall wajk
ife^^ MANHOOD ISIOHEO^™--
«2L2 >»— < '-J iJafiy — .k. V "•••I'mW'U'w IUSuV I WIBSaJy Vitalize r.theprescrlp.
fiSllY EIW -*Vi (6? tionoia French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
f» — f v— f naaa* r •linillllfVßV IBEuV' I Wlaa»swViualiZfr,theprescrlp.
\7 '<'? fT W3P •>»? fit tion oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
HV^ /Cju \V ~,\\ ? oa3 or , diseases of .u the o generative dr?ans, such as Lost Manhood,
WS. /ag/ \i . *£mj] Insomnia^ I'ains in the Buck, Seminal Kmisslonß.-Nervon<« Drbllltv
l^M'T Vlmy KoplesriJnfltojsß; to Marry, ExhaustluB * VaifeoceJeaiid
Eg >C 7* V- 7 ■-■ Constipation. It stops a llosses by day or night Prevents quick.
§3 ... ,Na»y... ness of discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
m BEFORL iNB AFTER :{£' the horrors of Impotencr. €BPIDESE cleanses the Uver, the
ma ai.rwnE. »no «r 1 tn . kid ne j- Ban d the urinary organs of all iia purities. • •
■ B "-,CirPI'>EJfE strengthens and restores small weak organs. ! . ■-..... : •
" The reason nuflerci-. are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c°nt are troubled wlt>
Proatatltto. CUPI DEXE is the only fcno remedy to cure without un opt ration. 5000 trstimoni.
Bis. A written *u!»ri»ntee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent euro.
fl.oo a box, sir for $5.00, by mall. Send for free circular and testimonial! : .*«<«»
. . Address V A VOL MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco," Oil. For sale by
. HKOOli.-i';PHAK3IACy, il9 Powell strew.
Auction Sales
CREDITORS' SALE!
at attctiokt:
i Tuesday December 33, 1890,
,At 11 o'clock asi, at f . .
; PACIFIC- AYE. CLUB STABLES,'.
i 1618 FsLciflp Avenue,
Between Polk street and Van Ness avenue,
By order of creditors, we will sell
\ 3O Head A No. 1 Draft. Driving and
Business Horses,
4 Fine 5-Glass Laundalet Carriages; 3 Coupes; 3
24- Passenger 'Buses: 1 Depot Bus: Kxtenslon
, and Canopy . Top Korlt aw ays: Latest Styles
Open and op Road Buggies; several A No. 1
Business Busies, Phaetons, Carts; Open and
Top Delivery-Wagons; 100 Sets First-class
Single and Double Harness; 100 Robes, Blan-
kets, Whips, etc- >:.■..-.
K. B.— The above stock will positively be sold
I ram or shine, without reserve or limit.
-■ SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Offlrp— 327 Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
! RAILROAD TRATBC3 "
S. F. AND PORTLAND EXCUR-
SION TRAIN.
DECEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter. !
i Leave .From H. P. Co.'s Ferry Landing, Foot of
• varket Street, a: 8:00 p.m.
CDCPIAI ) (MO Including r.erh. i
■ SPECIAL 5] ~BKttas
RATES > $19 Be "tt a ef
For further Information apply at 61.: Market
i street (Grand Hotel Ticket Office), s«iti Francisco.
BICUAKD GRAY, A T. H. GOODM V^T,
. Gen. Traffic Mgr. ' , Gen. Pass. Agt.
■<■'•..' ' • \
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO3IPANT.
, (PACIFIC HYSTKM.)
', Train* leave mid are «luc to nri'lve at
SAN ntAKCISCO.
uave— From November 7, I.OO^jl, ARwrv
'; •6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
?t«OA Atlantic Express, Ogilen a>id I'laat.. 8:45»
7K>oa Benida, Vacaville, Humsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
Davis 6i4Bp
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Nara, :
'•■ Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13r
Si3Oa Niles, Bail Jose, Stockton, lone,
> Sacramento, Muryavlllo and Red
» 81uff.... 4ilßr
•BiBoa Peters and Milton *7tlSr
9iooa New Orleans Express, Raymond (for
Yosemitc), Fresno, BateraOeld,
Bauta limliara, I .os Angela, Dem-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and >
East 4«4li*<
•:oOa Martinez and Stockton 4:-13 i»
0:00 a Vallejo 6:15*
Niles, San Jose, liveruiore and
. Stockton..... 7il»p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *l»:OOp
:30p Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43r
4:00r Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallelo.
Napa, Calistoga. l.l Verauo and
Santa Rosa...; 9jlßa
4:OOp Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland, '
■ '- '_'.>--■ Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
I Tille ami Sacramento 11:154
4:30p Niles, San Jose and Livermore.... tt:45A
4 : 30 Los 'Angeles Express, Stockton,
-> 'Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angele3 10i43a
4iBop Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East. I 0:43 a
6:OOp European Mail, Ogc'en and Cast. ... «:-l»A
6:0«p Hay wards, Niles and Han Jose 7: Isa
J7:OOi- Vallejo t7:43r
7:00p Oregon Kxi>resa, Sacramento, Morys-
f : : ■ ' vilie, Recldiiig, Portland, Tiiget
- Sound and East..... 11:13 a
T[lo:o3p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
■ ■ . • Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
• anil East §18t43»
SAKTA <:itl mVISIOX (Xariovr <iauirej.
Si 13a Nowark,Centcrvill«,Kan .lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5iB8»
•2:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ......11:80a
4:1.1 p Newark. .San .lose and Los (iatos.... 0:30 a
i 11:4 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and >
Way Stations }7;20p
(OAST IU VISION (Tliiril .V towiisciid !SK.)
6:43 a San Jose anil Way Stations (Now
-■'->;?< Almaden Wednesdays only) lxSOp
8:13 a Sau Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
1 - Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispn, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:OSr
IO:4Oa Sau Jose and Way Stations:........ 5:08p
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30*
•*:3oi- Sun Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
- Gilroy, Tres linos, Santa Cruz,
<*" Salinas,Montereyai>dPacificGrove *I0:40a
■»:»Op San Joee and Way Stations 9:50 a
•4s3op San Jose and Way Stations *8:10 a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *B:3UA
' O:3Op San Jose and Way 5Uti0n5......... • 0::15 a
til :!.•>!• San Jcse and Way Stations. .'... t":49p
' SAX LEAMJBO AMI HAi'WAUHS liO«:AI~
t<>6:oOA 1 —— ( 7:15 a
8:OOa . ■ ******
i looSt Mrirow, Seminary Park, J?!^
"I?SSp Fitchburg,SanLe»ndro ■ "fjjg*
£&■ « d sag
£28 - ll.yw.rd.. «:•£
7:«0p 8:45p
8"00p 0:49p
V'OOp ' Runs through to Nile*. 10:30r
ftll*:lspj < From Niles. • | ttl2:oo>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom SAN FiUNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:00 *2:00 J3:00
•4:00 . 4 5:00 »6 :00 p.m.; ; . -
Prom OAKLAND— Foot of Broad way.— ! »6:00 8.00
10:00 A.M. il2:00 *l:00 t2:CO *3:00 tt:OO
*S:QSr.M. -■--.
: A for Morning. • P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
% Sunday 3 only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
and Saturdays. ■ § Sundays and Thursday!.
SMFRiSCISCO & NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market 3U
Ban Francisco to San Rafael. '
WEEK DAYS— 8:00, 11:00 a.m.; 13:3*
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 P. K. Thursdays— Extra trt»
' at 11 :80 p.m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips as l:0|
and 11:30 p. ic : .
! BCNDAYB-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A. it; 1:30, 3:34
6:00. 0:20 P. ic * '
San Rafael to •'an Fnincliico,
i WEEK DAYS— B:I6, 7:00, 9:20, 11:10 A. K.t
! 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. if. Saturdays— Kxtratrtag
at 1:55 p. v. aud 6:35 p. M. '
■ lUNDAVB- 8:. li. 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:4!*
5:00, 8:25 P. M.
t Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part sajas
1 ichedule as above.
.Leave . . . | TneTwt ■ Arrive
j San Francisco. Oct.o ct . 14, San Frttnclsoa
Wiik | Sun- T.^fX'ion SrTJf - I w *«
i Dayb. [ bays. "eatH»tlon._ DAYS . | DaY3 , -
7:30 am 8:00 am] Novato, . 10:40 AMI 8:40 a*
! 8:30 pm; :3o am l Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:26 am
' 6:10 5 :00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pk
; ■ Fulton, I
7:30 All Windsor, ' 10:25
— Healdsburg,
: l.yttOD,
Geyserville,
j ; 8:30 pm 8:00 am C'loverdale. 7:38 pm 6:21 r*
I : "—~" ~ " Pleta, I '
. ". . ' ' : • ■ Hoplmul & j . ;  ;C .;
! T.BOaM 8:00 am Ckiah, | 7:35 6:21
7:30 am ■■■■■ \- ~~ ~~ 10:25 AM
! • .' 8:00 am GuernevUle. .7:35 pm 1
8:30 pm ■•■■■■■ I: . ■■■■:.- 6:23 P<
■ 7:20 am 8 .00 am . . Sonoma . 1 10:40 am 8:40 All
. . » . .- -'< and . .
I 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 P»
! 7:30 am 8:0»am| SehllatoDol |10:40 AM) 10 ; AH
j 3:30 6:00 pml 1 - I 6:10 pm| 6:'2Spm
Stages connect, at f^anta Rosa for Marie West
i Borings; a: Geyservllle for SkasKs Springs; a*
1 ■ Cloverd ale for the Geysers; at Pieta for HlKiiland
' I Fprinss, Kolseyville, Soda Bay -and i,akrpor:; a;
i Hopl.iud • for Lakeport and Bartlect Kpring*; ac
I Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs. Blm
i Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
i Valley. Joan Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
i nells, Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullville. Boonevllla,
1 Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
I Fort Bragg, Westport, Us»!, Willets. Cahto, Co*
' yelo, Layionvllle. Harris, Scotia and Kureka. -
Saturday to Monday round-irlp tickets atreduosd
' Sundays round-trip tickets to ail point* o>
■ yond ban Bafael at half rates. - - -r - "■- - ■: ■ •
; Ticket Offlops. 650 Market st., Criron!ct«» bTinmn*
' H. ft WHITING, • B.X.RYAH,
- . Uea. iLanazer. ■ Gen. Pass. Agent
1112
THORPE PUT UP
A GRAND FINISH
Landed Old Strathmeath
Winner a Head Before
Little Cripple.
Doyle Was Neglected at 15 to 1
and Headed Out Some
Sprinters.
Three Favorites and an Assortment of
Second Choices Beaten— Aquins
Won Easily.
There was some mixed racing at Oak
land yesterday, with jnst a small taste of
fog. The view of the first race was ob
scured by a thick mist notwithstanding
tbe fact that the course over the bay was
guaranteed proof from this annoying little
grievance to racetracks on this side, which
allows naughty jockeys to get their mounts
away from the post poorly and finish to j
their own liking. Three favorites and a j
varied assortment of second choices got
anchored tight and fast in the sticky go
ing, and the bookmakers' Christmas fund
for the benefit of aged and irrational indi
viduals no longer able to Dick a winner
was added to considerably.
The attendance was about up to the
average, Mr. Ferguson's starting was good
and the crowd arrived on this siie in time
to eat a 6 o'clock dinner.
For the first time since his arrival here j
Charlie Thorpe, tbe, crack rider,
gave a sample of what he is really capa- j
ble of doing in the saddl°. In the last i
race of tbe day, over a mile, Charley had |
the mount on Greea B. Morris' old war
horse Strathmeath, whicn was & 7 to 5
favorite. When sent away, Woodchop- j
per sifted away in front, and by the way |
he climbed along it looked all over. In !
the stretch Strathmeath, Little Cripple
and Hermanita overhauled him, and a
most exciting finish ensued between the
trio named. By superb riding Thorpe
got the favorite over ihe line first a head
before Little Cripple, which horse was but
a snoot in front of "Dagjjie" Smith's
mare. Woodchopper was lapped on the
show horse, making it one of the best fin
ishes of the season.
Little could be seen of the fourteen
starters in the opening dash at five and a
half furlongs on account o' the fog. Arte
mus, the 11 to 5 choice, finished third.
Seaside, with 11. Isom up and a 5 to 1
charce in the betting, won easily at the
end from Banjo.
Twelve maiden two-year-olds lined up
in a six-*urlons sprint that followed.
Atticus, carrying tlie colors of Matt Storn,
was played from 11 to 5 down 10 8 to 5,
but swerving badly in the stretch was
headed out by boih Manzunillo and Vevo.
The winner, Manzaniilo, was quoted at 4
to 1 in the books.
Barney Schreiber's Aquina?, a prohibi
tive 1 to 6 favorite, had but to raise a
pallop to take the seven-furlong run from
Horatio. Ezell's Personne was third.
One-eyed, iil-ternpered Nelson let the
talent down with a perceptible jar over
the result of the fourth event at five ana a
half furlongs. He was backed from threes
dowr to 8 to 5, but could never snake his
company off nor get to the front, and he
failed to finish among the first three.
Bringing Doyie, a 15 to 1 shot, along on
the outside the last s-ixteenth, Slaughter
took the race by a length and a half from
Hueneme, another outsider. Walter J,
away from the post very badly, made a
grand run, capturing the show.
Notes.
The Follansbee handicap will be the j
feature of the card to-day.
There was considerable adverse criticism •
on J. Gardner's handling of Woodchopper <
through the stretch. The old horse is •
either a quitter or else Gardner is not a
jockey of the persuasive sort.
During tbe balance of tbe racing season j
at Oakland Track, by an order of the di- j
rectors, Starter Ferguson will use a recall
flag. Several horses heavily played have
been left at tbe post on sundry occasions, |
and there has been much grumbling. The i
order also says if a horse shows no disposi- |
tion to break a nay the judges will ring the j
bell and he will be left. Jockeys who de- |
velop a tendency to eet their mounts off '
barllv will be heavily fined.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling —
117 Boreas 106, 217 Autonomy 103, 250 Jack
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
(CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB, Oakland Racetrack. Friday, December 18, 1896. Twen
tieth day of the winter meeting. Weather fine. Track slow.
~/Z.\ FIRST RACK— Elrven-bixteenths of a mile; selling; purse *300.
I. Betting.
Index. J • Horse, age, weight. St. 14 i/i j Z A I str. Fin. ] Jockey.' Op. Cl.
134 S aside. 5 102 6 \ 31 13 R. Isom ........ '6 6
149 Banjo, 5 105 12 ;%,. 51 23 5pencer......... '5 6
245 Artemns, 3. 102 3! ........ In 3 V-> H.Martin...... I 6-2 2
V 4« Mahogany, 5 104 4 7 4 2 J. McDonald ... 15 40
146 Monterey, 4 .105 9 j 8 5Va Golden 1 10 15
158 VirgieA.3. 10>!l0 : 6 6Va Fitzgerald .. 30 50
133 Isabelle. 3........ 102 2 j 2h 7 Frawley... 6 M)
15S Jack Atkins, 3.. .108 11 . .........; .| I 9 8 Heunessy 15 15
217 Cardwell. 3 ...105 8 ......: 1 10 9 Clawson 10 15
23i 'Pecfcsnitf, 5 107 5 11 111 ,M. Bergen 8 *p
135 America, 4 .107 7 12 11 Ames 20 40
160 sirßegluald, a...102| 14 .... ! 18 13 a. Wilson 100 40
113 Perhaps, 3 108 i 1 4y» 13 5haw............ 6 9
158 I -Sylvia, 3 .:...:. ..102 13 ........ \ 14 14 LBDg.... 100 60
Perfect stare Won handily. Winner, V. Biebenthaler"B eh. m., by imp. Mariner- filarin. Time,
1 :12yt>. _^ . ''''.' " „■ "- . . ..■'.'.■■ . '
OhC SECOND RACE— Tbree-qunners of a mile; two-year-olds; maidens; purse $350.
-'--.; - .. .belling.
Index. Horse, weight. ft. 1/4 V* | % Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. '"a.
240 iMnnzanill* US 21 2h 41 4% 11 Jones. 7-2 ~~3
240 Vivo. 110 I! 4J& lh lh 2 V 1 oady 16 C
240 At icus 107 6! 11 2h 2U 34 5haw... ......;.. 2 8-5
224 Mystic aiaz8...... 118 7 ........ 81 6 3 6 4 4 J.Sullivan 10 15
240 Mercie A .....107 4 51 31 sh ■ 51/2 Thorpe... 6 10
240 Va1d05.. ..:... ....115 3 31 7 51 6IS iFrawlejr 10 25
. 210 | Bernard ......115 9 6i/ 6 8. 7h Jack50n....;.... 15 su
........ Moscov... lißi 5 :....... 72 8 7 810 .uacklin... 3 15
........ Dutch Valet 118 10 ........ 9 1 9; 9 9% Golden 4 5
170 lOa Capo ....116 8 ....... 10 10 10 1020 Decnison 15 15
........ Fork-. ...... .116 11 1120 11 11 11 h Meadows ..:.... HO 100
jamesP. J)unne. Usj 12 I ........ |12 , 12 12 32. Amu.,-.;. .... 31 60
Felrsiart. Won driving. Winner, Denmson <fc Jones' br. g., by 'lyrant-I'atiy. Time, 1:21. --■■
Time, 1:21.
Ot/7 THIRD RACE— Seven-eighths of a mile: for two-year-o;ds: purse $40U.
Index.! Horse, we, weight, j St. V* %j % Btr. Fin. Jocks*.
197 Uqulnag 95| 2 3h 22 24 12 jslouKhter. , ....
201 Horatio. K8 3 2 2 | IVa lb 2 2 Sl.aw.. ;
(242)!Pereonne 11l 4 6 8h 3 3 32 Golden
243 I Mi3S Maggie M... 95 6 4h 4b 42 43 Clawson...""
Vb7 j senator .-.organ.. 108, 1 lh 5 6 5 jH. Martin .....
Betting. 1
Op. : 01.
1-8 ,1-6
8 » 10
« 6
80 </i 40
15 20
Good start. Won easily. Winner, B. Schreiber's b. g.. by Belvedere-Legacy, Time, 1:3
tv 4 . ---•.-■,-■-
-t)r-Q FOURTH xtACE— Eleven-sixteentbs of a mile; three- year-olds and upward: sell
ng; pane
iDdex. Hone, age, weight. St. Vi, Va S A Str. Fin. I Jockey.
217 ! Doylo. 4 102 1 72 62 64 1 lfA j Slaughter
185 {Huei.eiue, 4 108 414 1 62 5h 4 2 2 h -haw
226 ! Walter . I, 3 108 S| 9 8 610 3 h Thorpe
23S Jim Eozeman, 3.1U2 3 42 2h 2h 4V, Jones
227 Nelson, 5 105 5 Sb 34 32 6a U. iJart'ln
820 Lizzie ri, 3. 10k 6 5h 7 5 7 6 Kector
119 .Sell i-laberty, a..JO. 2 lh lb lh 7 sup.
165 Tuxedo, 5 102 8 820 7 8 8 G. Wilson"'
261 ■'pry Lark. 3 10^ 7 2h 6 9 9 Lang
Jbettlog.
Op. CL
10 '15
8 10
3 .1
5-2 3
3 - 8-5
20 100
8: 12
20-60
30 100
Good start for all but Walter J. Won easily.
•epce. Time, 1:12. ■
Winner, B. hcbrelber's b. g.. by MacdufF-MJss Lau-
-259.
Fli'lJti tiAit- One milo; gelling; purse $400.
I - • Betting.
ln<J. - Horse, age, weight. St. | % % % Str. Fin. Jockey. Op.' n > g 'l. ■
ICS Sirathmeutb, a. ..103 6 41 •4^ 2h 2 1 lh Th0rpe... ...... 6-5 7-6
247 Liule Cripple, 5..107 1 2 2 2 V 5 a 4V« 2us Jones 3 3
42*2) Hermanns, 4.-. 107 3 32 3V2 , 3 h ah "3% : H. .Martin ..".... 2 '11-5
244 Woodchopper, a.. 102 4 14 16 1% 11% 4 a Gardner......... 12 lvi
247 Fred Gardner, a. .10(3 1 6 -5 % . 6 41 5 64 5pencer......... 15 20
244 Two Cliwrs. 6...: lO* | 2 - 6 - -.y 5 1 6 > 6 ; 6 ■ . s>nepard.... .... 16: '-15
Good start.
:4C'/i-
Won driving.
Winner, G. B. Morria' b. g., by Sirathmore-r.ower of Jiea h. Time
Richelieu 106, 160 Little Flush ueldlnsr 103,
260 Pecksniff 106. 250 San Lucas 103, 160 lrma
103, 250 Cadenza 98, 154 Rejected 98, 158
Jack Atkins 98, 250 Candor 103, 241 La
Flecha 98.
Second race, seven-eighths of a mile— 24B
Viking 92, 243 Joan 102, 246 Draught 100.
254 Battle. lore 102 241 Coda 107, 100 Model
112,253 Flashlight 115,238 Merry Monarch
11U, 223 ZylphalO7, 263 Jim Boz*man 107,
215 Camelia 102, 250 Jay Wheeler 97.
Third race, one mile, selling— 239 Nnvy B'ue
101, (253) Schnitz 104, 162 Doctor G 95. (244)
Alvarado 100. 241 Billy McClosky 195, 253
Can't Dauce 98, 244 Kamsin 104.
Fourth race, seven-eighths of a wile. Fol
lansbee handicap— Wernbers; 114. (2021 Ruln
an 110, 259 Hermanita 95, 190 Looengula
100, 248 Thelma 90. (245) Lucky Dog 110,
166 Gallant 80, 196 Chartreuse II 96, (228)
ReydelTierra 90, (243) Mount McGregor 11,
110.
Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling—
252 Gold Bug 103, 234 Tampa 103, 119 Nell
Flaher'y 103, 244 Mamie £cou 103, 238 Hue
nfmelO6, 218 Mr Reel 98,254 Yemen 103,
259 Tuxedo 103, 254 Kowalsky 101, 241 Earl
Cochran 98.
Sixth race, one and a hali miles, hurdle,
handicap— 2sl Reddington 130. 249 Re am
pago 130, 249 Esperance 143 233 Huntsman
137, 249 Three Forts 143, 249 Haymarket
142, 94 Bedford 125.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
X Luiro, NY Lr H McClsir, N V
O R uleason, Denver H H Lead De ter. N V
W J Thurston, S cruz M E Harris, Oakland
T Phillips, Honolulu A 8 Johnson, N V
J J January <few,Concord R E Thomas. N V
U E Hogg, Butte G W God by & w, Benlcia
w Kuppenberg, La P X Gordan, Chicago
L \V LVerameni, Oakland R C French, Chico
J L Reed &w, Oakland W R DeLunclue. Boston
T Abbotte, Fresno Mi3s Miller, Fresno
C Bush. La W Carter, Sau Diego
F Burns, VallejJ
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Delaney, N V J H Feeney, Sa^to
A Goodwin, Nev F M Brown, Davis
D Springer, Bouliin W F Mau, Nebr
j oeoghan, Annapolis L Rasmussen. Vallejo
J F Morris, Cai C Wiseman. Auburn
J W Joslin <fe w, Auburn A Hanford. Portland
ii H JacoLS, Tacoma J F s-ntherland, Tacoma
II Joues& wf, Loj Ang J E Devine, Los Angeles
P C May ford, San Jose CF. Dodge. Chicago
C S Douglass <fc w.Chicgo H Kddy, Lima
W A Long, NY J Inovana, N V
O B Rutmali. NY B L Brink, San Jose
J Valladao, Hfmoon Bay
LICK HOUSE.
C II Fitzgerald, Georgetn W A Wheeiock, N V
Geo P Keeney, Cat X F Allen. Cal
WmCurlett, L'al Louis F Diiuf.nl.Ci Rafael
Mrs a M Buck, Eureia F E Jones, Nev
\V A Jones. Alia G W strobl, Napa
Mrs W L Pieper, 8 Jose Mrs T E Johnson, B Jose
R H Schwarzkopf, N V Miss JoUunoa, Sau Jose
Miss M Graunon. Sacto Edgar ..art well, N-wmn
S M Martin, Chicago J. W Maniiy, .-»n Jose
.1 F Mcßrlde. Yreka C Van Norden, S«cto
E W Alien. San Jose F \V Hatch, Atnews
Mrs i-r Wm Cone, Cat Mrs A F S, hmeer, Cat
Miss J Bernal. PieasantnMissM Alberg.Pieusantn
Eenj Dare, Fresno Fred Leddeke,Centervlue j
Raleigh isarcar.Vacavlle Dr A M Gardner, Napa |
A F Allen, Ca j?*-i S " ;
PALACE HOTEL.
E C Voornle3.SutterCrk W C Peyton. Santa Cruz
J D Harrington. Coiusa J Hyman, Ciiicagu
H J Griffin, NY A B Bowers, Boston
M\V Truman. Boston V L Boc <, Kobe, Japan •
J A Walke, Montreal Julian Borneo, Chicago
David Gordon & w, X V G a. Wheeloek. N V
J k' Ullman. N V A Passman, NY
W a Eh.-horn. Mt View W L Wood row, San Jose
C H Hale, Chicago .. M C Campbell, Cai .
H L Drew. S Bernardino A McC el. ana, Colo
-s T Murray & w, L a ug H D Campbell, Keswlck
J H Kiribati, Keswick K1) Baumister, Woodlnd
Sam Rucker, Sau Jose T D Glbbs. Spokane
Miss L Fuller, N V Mrs Fuller, N V
J 11 Hanny, San Jose W Babcock & w.San Jose
F C Gran am, Alasi W Burling, iiihvauKee
R B Dickinson, i os An;
GRAND HOTEL.
W May, Sacramento J Touhey, Sacramento
E \V Jones iv. S.i, Coiusa A F Burbanif, ban Jose
J W liiasmore, an Jose J Brenner. 11l
E M Pr. st. in, .N'ev city D Cobo. Cai
A M Wa..htrs,YubaCy .1 11 Mulroy, Oakdale
W Good a ill, San Rafael E H Rogers, Oakland
G\v Sill, atsQnville C W Shunts, Seattle
W W crump stouten A AlDriKht & w, Fowler.
J M Cay, Kedlands F Sa z & w, Decoio
M Lowenthal, l'lula X 1- Hut Jr «& w, sau Juan
W H Rogers, Ariz Dr D Daly. Or
W W MiJdlecoff, Cat Mrs L W Shinn, Seattle
T G Ross, Boston M a Johnson, Chicago
F J smith, Chicago Mrs R T Devlin, Sacto
E D Clyner.Vacaville W Marriatt, Vacaviile
R Bruin-bsugh, Porttnd MBuckbalrt»r,Horubrook
.1 A Henderson, Win tew A X Dodson. ban Diego
D Watelri Los Ang T B Van .»lstyne,>taAna
G Bovee, El i'ato D BurchaM <fc w,>an Jose
Mrs *' Patterson, Sn Jose Miss Patterson, San Jose
UK. Reed, Bur.in^ame J .MeGOuegle. Ventura
N B Ke.loeg. West Point Dr Gossage & w. Pet
FA booie, lied Bluff M PHender.ton,SiocXlon
F Cutting, Stockton T Scott, Sacramento
RUSH HOUSE.
X E Forman, England H Johnson & wf, Oaklnd
W J Pleasauis, inters J D Robinson, San Jose
Jos Pleaaants, Winters F S Parker & wf. Seattle
V Julian, »c. tile J Heaney, Gridley
J X Barnea, Ukiah J Carbon & wf, Marys-
A F Campbell. Tiuckee vine - ■ ■ "■■
O V Smith, Ukiah S M Ruse. Petaluma
W D Keyser, Pieta M Bunker. Ukiah
X i Banger, Oakland J C Jones. Belvedere
M L 'Lovejoy, Los Ang J M cGeary, Oakland
ST Bledsoe, lud T C Kerr, Bakersrieid
Mrs Whetjier, Si Monica J M Koger^, onta Monica
A W Schieiffer, Honolul J uesse A wf, Cai
J Elliott & »t\ S dnry E I) Brown, Gibsonville
J Wiebust. Cnicaico J C Peck. Bodle
E E Makers, Sacto T E McLaughun, Nev
W J Priest, i.l Dorado J Watson, Napa
J A Giii. Los Ang J Keechler, Loi Ang
X Ryder, hi Dorado ■ Mrs Fisk, aonora
F MinCicer, Los An; 11 Kaiiey, KngUud
W Turner, San Jose - Dr Livingston, san Joie
E V Benton, NY F L French, Rockiord
A O Perkins, St Helena Mrs Uresory. Weavervlle
H Smith. Monterey ii Sawyer <fe w, HollUiei'
J Van Winkle. Coiusa W Insmni, Sa-ti>
W Linguist, Parii O Berchard. Rocklln
J W Brison, Fresno F Meuctiard, St a .Barbara
»—»» — » . — \
One of the tortures practiced in the |
prison at Uskub, Macedonia, is by means |
of ants. The victim is fastened to the j
floor, so that he cannot move body or
limb, and fifty huge ants are then per
mitted to wander over him, and cause in
tense agony.
■ ;, — , — — » _ "
The largest telegraph office in the world
is at the General Postofiice, St. Martin's
le-Grand. There are over 3000 operators,
1000 of whom are women. The batteries
are supplied by 30,000 cells.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
THAT MONUMENT
TO ROBBIE BURNS
Great Interest Being Mani
fested by American
Scots.
The Opposition Once Manifestsd
Is Turned to Indorse
ment
A List of Men Who, Forming a Com
mittee, Would Be Certain to Make
the Movement a Success.
The Burns monument, discussed at the
Burns banquet of ihe Caledonian Club
Thursday night, will certainly become a
speedy reality — speedy as such things go —
,if the prevailing enthusiasm of San Fran
cisco's American-Scots is sustained. The
American-Scotch blood in this. City is ex-
cellent stuff, and a list of the Scottisn
names to be found in the directory might,
transcribed and printed, serve for a list of
prominent citizens. Not one among
them, so far as learned, but is ready to do
what he can to help the monument
scheme along.
' Already very substantial offers of sub
scriptions have been made. D. McLen
nan,, contractor of the very beautiful
bridge in the park and owner of a granite
quarry, stands ready, he says, to furnish
$300 worth of granite for the base, and
certain liberal subscriptions made to the
fund when a similar movement was
started a few years ago are, it is confi
dently believed, still to be depended upon
and collectable.
The proposition to build a suitably
noble monument to the memory of Burns
was mooted in Scottish circles a few years
ago and immediately enlisted then as now
the warm support of not oniy all good
Scotchmen, but many others. It had the
misfortune, however, to meet the out
spoken opposition of certain newspapers,
who declared that the building of monu
ments in Golden Gate Park was not a
thing to b3 encouraged, as Golden Gate
Park ought not to be "turned into a ceme
tery" in this way. Besides, they said, if
monuments wore to be placed there they
should not be erected to the memory of
"foreigners."
This very naturally had the effect of
coolinjj the araor of those who stood
ready to subscribe their money tor wiiat
they deemed to be a work for the general
good. The iaeaof Burns being considered
a "foreigner" to any land or any people
was sutbuiently repugnant to the Scotch
men to place a decided check on their
plans. However, that opposition i 3 not
to be feared in this instance, as the news
papers referred to have already spoken
out in favor of tbe proposed movement.
The idea of ttie monument originates
■with the Caledonian Club, and that or
ganization declares a faith in its ability to
carry tne business through. The most
important step, it is held, is that of ap
pointing a committee of thoroughly sub
stantial and capable business men, mak
ing that committee permanent, chareed
with the responsibility of building the
monument. Tuat being done, iha Cale
donian Club will get behind the commit
tee and the work will go steadily for
ward, jusuad does the private enterprises
of any of the members.
That committee? Well, such men be
long to the club to be drawn upon lor
sucii service as John M. Duncan, Andrew
Wilkie, D. A. McDonald, Colin M. Boyd.
Angus McLoud, J. D. McGilvraj, John
McLaren, John Reed, James McNab,
James S. Webster, Dr. McLean, Dr. Mc-
Donald, Coionel C. W. Taylor, Hugh
Fraser, D. McFee, George Davidson, Y. C.
Lawson and a Jong list of others.
Members of the Caledonians say that a
commit tee composed of these men would
be a practical guarantee of the building of
the monument, and that the monument,
when built, would be an everlasting credit
to the City and joy to the people.
The Caledonians are in fine form to un
dertuke the enterprise, having nothing
cisc pressing upon them. When the plan
was under consideration before W. T.
Garrett & Co.. brass founders, made a for
mal offer of the bronze necessary for the
figure, and although Mr. Garrett has since
died it is thought the promise is still
good.
Colin M. Boyd at that time said he
would give $1000, and Colonel Harney,
who is also since dead, $250.
Tue committee will collect pictures of
Burns monuments in this and the old
country, and suggestions will be called for
from the best scuiptors of the country. It
is expected that the monument will cost
aboui $25,000.
MINISTER COOPER HERE.
He to Steam for Hawaii and Queen Li!
Likely to Strike Out for Boston
Town To-I>ay.
Henry E. Cooper, Hawaiian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, who has been at Wash
iDgton and other places in the East for
the past two months, arrived here yester
day and is at the Occidental. His pri
vate secretary preceded him a few days
ago, and both will sail to-day on the
China for home.
Minister Cooper was formerly for some
years an attorney in San D.ego. He has
been at the National capital, as hitherto
announced, in the interest of annexation.
The certain election of McKinlev and ihe
chances of making headway with his ad
ministration prompted those in favor of
annexation to act quickiy. Minister
Cooper, while desiring to avoid expressing
himself too definiteis\ let it be under
stood that annexation was desirable and
that there was no doubt tnat many of the
leading people of Hawaii favored it. As
to ex-Queen Liliuokalam and her visit, as
sne now had no connection in any way
with the Government, it could take no
note of it.
The ex-Queen is expected to leave to
day for the ; East. She will ;go direct to
Boston, so it is given out, and not to Can
ton or Washington. In • Boston - she .will
visit the relatives of her late husband.
Then where she will go is unknown, but
it. is stated ; that -it : will: probably be to
Washington and later likely to England.
There has been a mighty rivalry ; among
the ! railroads to get < the ex-Queen ■> to go
over the different lines. The Southern
Pacific thought it had her, secured lor its
Sunset / li.rn.ted train, - but : the ex-Queen
finally thought she would like to no by
way 'oftOgcien.l'ben there was strife be
tween Snedecker of the ? Rio Grande and
Hitchcock rof " ; the ; Union Pac lie. > Hors
burgh of the Southern Pacific lias been do
ing nothing for a coii pit of days bat try
ing to Vet the dusky Queen-; to accept the
Southern Pacific route. The lady is a good
advertisement and they all want her. ' ;
■": . _ : '. ■■•• • " ,■■-■-- --. ■ _- ' ' y.
MONEY FOR POOR CHILDREN.
Distribution of the Surplus of the
Fourth of July Fund.
The majority of ttie committee having
in charge tbe surplus of the Fourth of
July fund, consisting of about $500, met
yesierday, I. J. Truman presiding, and
decided on the disposition of the money
as follows: $100 10 the Boys' Training
Home, Tavior street; $100 to the Girls'
Training School, Natonia street; $100 to
the Sbeltering ArrAs Hospital, $100 to the
Grand Army, $50 to the Little Samaritan
fund of the Examiner and $50 toward the
relief fund of the Chronicle.
The following committeemen were
present: Edward Holland, Edward L.
Forster, Robert Asb, H. P. Umbsen,
Samuel C. Hammond, George L. Fitch.
John Gillson, S. L. Lent, J. A. Margo,
George T. Gaden, H. C. Schaertzer, W. H.
Davis, J. A. Whiteside. C. L. P. Marais.
REMEMBERED EARLY DAYS.
Death of Mugdalena Flores, Who Was
Burn Here in 1840.
With the rising of yesterday's eun passed
away Mag lalena Flores, who was born in
this City in 1840, long before ihe gold ex
citement broke out iv California and the
eyes of the world were turned on this
State.
She was the daughter of a man promi
nent in the days when the Spanish rule
was dominant in San Francisco, and her
family was wealthy and influential. With
tl)6 advent of the Americans the family
fonunes waned, and for years she had
been ijn far from affluent circumstances.
She died at '2B HincKley alley, where she
has for several years past resided with
relatives. Her death was caused by pneu
monia. Her husband died ten years ago.
Mrs. Flores remembered distinctly the
coming of the first bands of gold-seekers
into San Francisco Bay, and often told of
the exciting scenes of those days.
Her father's residence at that time Was
jusi north of the present site of tho pro
posed Hall of Justice.
FOR FUTURE GENERATIONS.
List of Articles to Be Placed in the
Cornerstone of the Hall of Justice.
The list of articles that will be placed in
the cornerstone of the Hall of Justice,
which is to be laid to-day, has been made
out as follows:
One volume of municipal reports of 1895-96,
evening papers of December 18 and morning
papers of December 19. fifty-seven photo
graphic views of San Francisco and vicinity,
pamphlet showing public parks and nth-r City
properly, extracts ol reports of 1894-95 refer
ring to old City Hall building, one ot ench de
nomination of gold, silver and copper coma of
the United States now in use, list of the officers
of the Keanjy-street Improvement Associa
tion, one volume of tne proceedings of the
Master Workmen, Grand Lodge of Free and
Accepted Masons of 1895 and list of officers of
ihe Grand Lodge of 189ti.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
EtTPITTESS OFFICE of the San FranciscoCali*
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery •trees,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6\V. corner bUtecnia and Mission streets, op«»
nntll 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clocfc.
CHURCH NOTICES.
lEfc7s=> CENTRAL MitTHODKT EPIBOOPAjC
\£*& Church, Mission St., b-t. S xth and Sev-
enth—Rev. E. R. Dille. D.D , pastor; J. J. Morrb,
musical director: H. M. Bosworth, organist; tt.
V. Watt. Sunday-school superintendent. The pas-
tor will prtach morning and evening. Morning
snbjec;, '-Mary and Martha— Two Tyre* of Re-
llgiom Life'; evening, -Christmas: Its True
Menuinc and Observance." Mindny-school at 1
p. M. Young People's meeting al 6:15 p. M Christ-
mas ran mm. "Santa Ciaus At Home," Friday
eveninj. All welcome.
S5S= HOWARD-STREET METHODISI EPI-S-
Bt«»^ copal Church, bet, Second nnd Third streets,
two blocks from Palace Hotel — Rev. W. W. Case,
D.D.. 1 astor. Hours of public worship, 11a. m.
and 7:30 P M. Sunday-school at 12:30. Prayer
nieeUiijj Wednesday " evening, 7:45. Epworth
League, 6:30 Sunday evemnir. Jlornlng sermon
by Rev. M. V. Donaldson. Evening sermon by
Rev. v. K. Baker, pastor of hpworh cnurch.
Pastor's residence, 140 Hawthorne s'reei, near
Hie cburch. Telephone Red 961. Church tel.-
phone. i.liii'H 961.
IgpSp SIMPSON MKMURIAJ. METHODIST
V5-j5» Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes aDd Buchanan
sts. — Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, £09
Halght st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
The pastor will preach at both services. Subject
at 11 ,a. M.: -'ihe 1-ullness of Time." In the
evening, sectn(? sermon of ser es on "The Tri-
umphs of ihe Cross." Special topic: "What
Christ Has Dune for Woman." Sunday-school
at 12:30 p.. Id C. B. Perkins superintendent.
Epworth League service 'at 6:30 p. m. The
public cordially invited to all the services of
this . church, sears free. Ushers In attendance,
i rayer-meetlng Wednesday : > evening at 7:45
o'clock.
(jiFj^l^RSrf PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
\js--& cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor: Rev.' Edwin 11.
Jenks. co-pastor. Mr.' Jenks will preach at 11
a- m. anl 7:30 P. m. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m.
Young People's society Christian Endeavor at
6:16 p. m. i'rayer-meeting Wednesday at 8 p.m.
All are welcome.
■^35= TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
l*-^ Sixteenth a'ld Market sts.— Kev. F. F.
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock:
evening 7:3 J. Sunday-school i 2:.0 p.m.: John
Dvar. su; erl pendent. All are cordially invited 10
attend. >eats free.
IsOTlCli Oi' MtIiTLNGh.
EPS" CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 6, j»
IP-*^ It. a. M.— : he officers and mem- _Jf%,_
hers of the above namrd chapter are here-^TJjf
bynotifiei to nssembl* In ; Chapter Hall, V>s^\
Masonic Temp c, THjS DAY (Satur.lav). Dec 19,
at 1 o'c.ock p. m.. to participate in the ceremonies
of lcylnn the corners one of tue Hall of Justice
by the Grand Lodge, F. and A. M., of California. A
full and prompt a. tendance Is requested. By
order of the H. P. >.. v.: : ' . :-: : .-. ..-,-. -;;
FRANKLIN H PAY, Secretary.
OEZZS* CALIFORNIA I ODG fi. 1 NO. 1. V. 5 m
sP^^nd A. M.— The officers and '"-_if\_
ters of the above named lodge are hereb/ /SJ3C
notified to a.ssi'nih c in Masonic Temple, /v'N
THIS DAY (^a-.urday). Dec 19, at 1 o'clock r. St.,
to »Bii9t the. Grand Lodge in laying the corner-
stone of the Hall of Justice. .By order 01 the
Master. FRANKLIN H. T> .Y. Secretary. ,
jjf^?p PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. ft
__? an( i a. M., will assemble at the Ma- II
sonic Temple THIS SATURDAY at 1 P. >•:• T&2\.
to assist the Grand Lodge to lay the corner- fy&y
stove of the Hall of Jin. ". ,
GhOtlGE FENLIXGTON. Pec
ISf^* 3 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO •; :
sir-*^ Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M.— The J\
officers and members are requested to a "'/»[3r
semble at the Masonic Temp « THIS DAY /xr >
■at 1 ■ o'clock p. m. to : participate with ihe M. W.
Grand Lodge in the ceremony cf laying the corner-
stone of the Hall of Justice of the City and County
of San Francisco. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Sec.
fEZ^: FIDELITY LODGE NO. 110, F. a
Iw-i^'ana A. M.— Officer! and members^J^.
are quested to assemble at Mnsonlc Tern- /SIS'
pie Tills Day at, 1 p. m. for the purpose of f*& >
assisting the Grand Lodge in tin laving of the
cornerstone of the Hall ot Justice in this city. By
order of the W. M. ~:.v -.,..- •■ \ . . '■'• ■
FREDERICK BARRY, Sec.
B^fa^ GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 3'J, m
sb-^" F. and A.M., will assemble tt the _CV_
temple THIs DAY (Saturday) at 1 p. m .
to assist the Grand Lod«t to lay the corner- f >
stone of the Hall of Justice. -■' ; ; '' '
■ ■.' ; .-. ."■- ■ - :•".■;.;. GEORGE J. KOBE, Secretary. .:
[jtS^?* KING SOiOM.iN'S LODGE -No. ft
la*** 260. F. and A. M.— The i officers and _js\_
members are tequested to assemble at ihe^JJr
Masonic Temple, SATURDAY, December
19. hi 1 o'clock p. m., to participate with the M W.
Grand Lo Ice in the ceremony of layin? the corner-
stone of the Hull of Justice of ; the ci.y and county
of San Francisco. ; By oraer of the Master. ; .; ; .
> :;; HARUY EAKHK, Secretary.
jtr.jv* UKIKNTAL Lui,UK NO. 1 14. F. •
Of-^ and A. M. — officers and members
will nssemble at the Masonic Temple THIS /5L2f
DAY', a* 1 o'clock, to partl-.-ipate In the' V*
ceieruony of laying the cornerstone of the Hal of
Justice. " : "a. S. HUBBAKD, secretary.
"gpSf KNIBJIT > OF THE : RKD *
«►»*»' Branch, attention!— Members will as- at A
semble* K. R. H. Hall SUNDAY MOUN-fcVy*
ING. at 7 o'clock sharp, to attend the fune-^*^
ral 01 our late Brother, WILLIAM DKEGAN.--
-"-;■.:•;;.' -'■:-:-. ,'-;;,■. - . ■ ;'. ; president.
t|ig=' THEi.E WILL BK A SPECIAL M-.KT-
-6i-»' ing of the Laborers' Protective Associa-
tion held in Trade's bui dine, 1159 Mission st., on
SATURDAY EVENING, December 19 at 7:30
o'clock. All the members are requested to attend.
•y.-. y '-'-.■".;, ■--■;. , :,: WM. : O'DONNELL, J.iec. Sec. .«'
BPSfr ANNUAL MEETING— THK REOILAR
*-*^ annual msetina of the stockholders of La
C'aDdelaria Mining Company wl< l held a the of-
fice of th- company. 530 California st; room 60, San
Francisco; Cat, on SATURDAY, December l 26.
1836, at toe hour of 2 o'clock, p.m.,' for the pur-
pose of electing a board of trustees to serve for the
ensuing year ' and the ; 1 ransaction : of ; such : other
business as may come before the meetiug." ' ■ ; -
.. , , GEORGE A. HlLi . Secretary. J
. Qfflce— s3o California ; st., room 60, San ; Fran-
SFKCIAI. NOTICES.
It^' THEY SELL WOOLII, .V AND COTTON.
I*"- 0 ' yarn, table linen, lace curtains, towels, hos-
iery, . underwear,' corset , embroidery .' laces, but-
tons, linings; thread*, ha.. dKeroui.-ls.vellincs etc.,
very cheap at Pioneer Drygooda Store, 105 Fiftn st.
Ht^» In Dl a OPIUM CURE FOR < PER-
w-^ v.fectly harm. ess; ladles treated at home. B.
D. KIMMIS, 916Marke; St.: Columbian Building.
K^B" GAS ■;_• JX . UllEa > MADE TO ORDER;
"- f - I? cheapest pia er in the city. H. HUF-
i-CHMIDT, 623 Golden A.ate aye. -
jt-^gr* MAD i.KHAHti.I Hi _Ji.CTKI» FOX *4; .
**>**.:■ rcllectlons mads,'; city cr country. " Paclfls
Collection Co., 415 ilontgy st., room tf. Tel. 6681).
■■■■■-'■■.■ I DIVIDE* NOTICES.
ttZS* DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAV-
tSCie' ings Bank of San Fran' lsc"<, 33 Post St.— For
the half year ending Dec 31, 1893; a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four; (4) ] per c«ut per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.3.->i/ ) per cent per annum on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATURDAY.
Jan. 2, 1897. ■-;',;. GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier, s
ar^B^ DIVIDEND NOTI X— SAN FRANCIS-
tS^D? co Savings Union, 532 California street, cor-
ner Webb. . For the half year ending with the 31st
of December, 189 a dividend has been declared
at the rite per annum of four and . two-tenths (4.2)
per cc it on term deposits ana three and five-tenths
(3.5) per cent on ordinary deposit*, free of taxes, ■
payable on and after Saturday, January 2, 1597.
y :.v-  LOVELL WHITK. Cashier.
isrr"^S= DIVIDEND NOTICfc.— DIVIDEND NO.
.a*J5? 38 (25 cents per share) of the Hutcbinson
Sugar P.antatlou Co. will be ■ payable at the oilice
of the company, 327 Market street, on und after
Monday J/ecember2l. 1896. Transfer-booKs will
close Tuesday, December 15, Ife96, at 3 o'clock
p. K. K. H. SHKLD i.\. secretary.
{SITUATION'S Yt ANT.fcI>— F£MALIS. ;
V ADIES, FOX A FIRST-CLASS SERVANT
JJ of any nationality see J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutler st. y :■:.■.: y J : :.i
QUPERIOR GERMAN COOK DESIRES SITU-
-0 ation: understands all branches of cooKing:
best refereme: city or country. MISSCULLEN.
323 Sut er st. • .
LL KINDS OF MALK AND FEMALE HELP
furnished: short notice: country orders a
specialty. MRS. a. DADaMI, 313Sutterst.
ELDERLY PROTESTANT  WOMAN, TKM-
XJ perate and reliable, « isiies entire care of infant
or plain cooking: wou:d do light housekeeping in
widower's family: city, country or Oukiand; refer-
ences given if required. Call or address, for two
days. 907 VolsomsU
pOMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN DE-
\J sires washing, Ironing, cooking or houseclean-
lng by (he day: best references. MRS. M. CUR-
TIS, 0367 Twenty-sixth st., near Mission.
MOTHKK a~d daughter want posi-
l.»x lion in first-class hotel; city or country. L. S.,
box 119, Call office.
YOUNG COLORED GIRL WISHES WORK
Xby the day; houserleaning or washing. Ad-
dress E. E., box 99. Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGKJL* b'l RON G WOMAN; KNOWS
how to work; is honest and temperate; can do
anything; $1 a day and carfare. Call 215 Minna.
. IDOW WISHES POSIIIUN. AS HuUSE-
'» keeper or will do plain sewing and repairing at
home. 361 Minna st, basement.
ANTED BY STRONG YOUNG WOMAN—
; ff Position us wording housekeeper or waitress.
Apply 151 Natoma su
WANTED— BY YOUNG LADY, ANY KIND
ft 01 store c r office work. Y. L., box 97, Call. ■
RK&.S.YIAKER — GOOD F'ITTKR; NEAT
worker; good on children's dre ses; will go to
families: 75c a day. •- Address S. E., box 119. Call-
DANISH GIRL WISHr.S A SITUATION IN
, private family to do general housework. Call
or address 207 Montgomery aye.
RE^SMAKEU — IIRST-CLAba FITTER,
stylish draper and aeiigner: thorough dress-
maker: by the day. MISS WARWICK, 104
Grove st.
"VOTJNG AMERICAN WOMAN, GOOD COOK,
X desire* pt.slilon: no objection to housework;
will sleep home. Address A., box 18. Call.
ADY OF SUPERIOR ABILITY, TEACHING
J shorthand (Pitman), desires engagement; city
or country. L. 8., oox 19. Call Office.. - -
BY LADY' OF;KKFINEi\I£NT,WITHKNOWL-
edge 01 massage, position as companion nurse
or will give special massage treatments in private
faml y or Hospital.' AdJress ; MIS-, ■ Hci.KN
BROWN, '.Watson aye. and Brooklyn st., boule-
vard Heights, East Oakland, care of Charles D.
Hayes. >*
ANTED— Sr.WI.NG OF ANY KIND; GEN-
tlemens mending, etc.; children's work a
specialty. Address M. 8., box 3, Call office.
V OUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION;
x Swedish girl; upstairs work and plain sewing.
2116 Powell st.
S~IT Al lON VVA.MKDAn CHILD'S NURSE:
middle aged; Mason's .widow. Call or address
j 1169 Valencia st. \
LACE AS WORKI.xG KEEPER OR
X to do cooking wanted by good cooic; thoroughly
understands the management ot a home. Call
after noon, 1360 Market su .
LAIN SOWING OF ANY KIND DONE;
X workingmen's shirts a specialty. 249 Fifth st,
flat 2. . -.:-. -■-■■. ,-■; v " -.■.■■«•-
\\! ANTED— POSITION Ah! TRAVELING
ft. companion to invalid or children going East
In return for first-class fare; references given. Call
923 McAllister sl.
O-UUO.M AS HOUSEKEEPER IN WlDOW-
er's home by respectable American lady; must
i b- children; city or Oakland. - W., box 94, Call.
KBSSMAKfiK, FIRST CLASS, WOU L D
like engagements by the day; city or country.
7i6 i,arkinst. *.
I WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE WISHES POSI-
* * tton as housekeeper: no objection to children.
I 2021/3 Stockton st, room 2. •
V OUNG WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES
x position as housekeeper for widower or. bach-
; eior. ' Room 4, 1007 Market st. . y.y.
ASTERN LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
housekeeper: city or country: the best of ref-
erences. Apply 138 a Fourth St., room 4.:
I y~ou"ng : LADY wishes POSITION AS
X housekeeper; good ■ manager. Address MISS
G. M.. box 104. Call Office. , .
I Ti; O.MAN WANTS ANY KIND OF PLAIN
1 * » sowing: nlso cleans and presses clothes. 114
I Fourth st- room 15. • .
\<i INUHEa 1 KR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
((Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
?1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable,
tree bus ana baeirae« to *nd from the Jerry.
SITUAITOSS AVA>TIiD-MAx.j!:.
HUNTER '&: CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb St.. below
Krarny. nr. Cai.; tel. main 231.. W.C. YOUNG. m<r
/CHINESE JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS;
j Vhelp:tel.maln 1997.. BRADLEY' 64O CIay.
HINKSK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
XJ office; best help. 414y 3 O'Farrell. Tel. X 426.
1 APANKSE IN iELLIGiiNCIi AGENCY, it 73,
t* St. Ann's bldr.. Eddy st. : tel. Main 6384. /
"yOUNG MILKER WANTS A SITUATION;
1 X good worker uud steady man. N., box 163, call.
yOUMi.JiAN (AMERICAN) .WISHES POSI-
X tion where there is no Sunday work: good hab-
its; Ca'ifornla references. -A. >-.". box 11. Call. ;- l -: :
,\ \ IDDLE- OK KMA« WANTS EMPLOY-
I'J- ment; farm, gnrJen, horses, ;co as; small
wa^es, 251/2 Welch st. ' \
V YOUNG MAN WITH GOOD REFER-
ences and flr«t class bond as city salesman and
collector; no reusonaole offer refused: not afraid
to work. Addres ' J. 8., box 73, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN OF 19. TaLL AND STRONG.
x speaks German, wishes- position of any. kind
anywhere. Address P.. box 115, Call Office. ':-.'. ■•;.
.WANTED— WORK BY JI.iS ABOUT P.. ACE;
™» sober and steady: good horseman and haudy
with tools. Address M., box 265, Call Office.
VOUKO MAN~WISHES A POSITION AS
X coachman: city references. Ap ( ly a. E. H.,
1315 Ma on st.
APANKSK BOY WANTS A SITUATION,
excepting schooltlme. GEuRGE,22 Prospect pi.
■■\rouNQ SWEDE WANTS situation as
x coachmnn and gardener: is thoroughly compe-
tent and has rir*t-class - references. G. \V., box 7,
Call Office. Oakland. . y ; %
XPEUIENCED FILORAL -, - GARDENEIT
would like ; position; > understands • care of
I horses Address W. T., 1 Kirn ball St., city.
NGiNEER WANTS A SITUATION; 12
years running a machine-shop,- sawmill, hoist-
ing, • locomotive engines: good, references. ; Ad-
dre s Engineer. Montgomery Hotel, Secona st. ;:-v
OY 14 YEAR* OLD WISHES TO WORK IX
shop: lives at home. Address M. S. 8., box 92,
Call oaice. '■; ..'■; y .;
YOUNG SCANDINAVIAN (22), sUBi-.R ANU
X hones", wishes work of any kind; can milk,
drive and care for horses: not afraid of work.' /.d-
-dress O. W. P., 1333 Union st. -y y
VoUNGMAN WITH GOOD RECOMMEND V-
x tion wants a position as butler or valet: city or
country. Address A. L. 8.," box 85. Call Office. '
OSITION AS CLERK,. SALESMAN. ETC.,
by one who holds a State certificate and had
6 years' experience as teacher. Address M., box
97, Call Office. 'X;- - , y
CANDY-MAKER, Al WORKMAN, WANTS
\J work: city or country. Address O. t-., box 73.
Call Office.- yy ■ - . -
PRACTICAL FNGINEEK WANTS POSITION
X at Mationary wor<: city or country; well quali-
fied with mining machinery ; bolsters, pumps of
all kin is. : F.Z., box 69, Call Office. ; J. <
TED-BY MAN AG 30. A POSITION
'»of trust; is not afraid of work; will give bonds
If necessary. E. C., box 66, Call Office. -■
JAPANESE SCHOOL BOY WANTS TO DO
st Oakfand* fainlly ' Address Frank, 758 Castro
SITUATION ANTED AS : CLERK, BOOK~-
kJ keeper or business manager in wholesale busi-
ness. Address c*., box 16, Call Office. ° " .
WJ.NCHE3TKU ;.ltoU.->i<; "'-44i'J mikii - NEAR
Market-lClectrlo lUrhts In rvery room atW
rooms; 250 to $1 60 per night: s *l 50 to $8 per
KffK: free bus r"d<l baggage to and from the terry.
>i-.MAH; iiJiJUx' UAM'KD. -.V •' * ■
323 Sinter st. '
1 R^e^ g, g^ OD P^ X :
O COOKS, PRIVATE FAMILIES CITY AND
A. country. $30 each, see lady in office to-day
I coo*, -•: private boardlng-hous ■, $30: clean'liie
woman for Institution, $2 J;: girl, general hou^e
wo Grass Valley, 3la family, $2J; Alame la 2
in fauill*-. «20; 14 young ' lrls,-li ? ht housework,
! $12 to $15. .- J. F. CROS-.TI CO ,316 gutter si.
j VTEAT COLORED GIRL~FOR NICE AMirT-
i.i can faml Iv in cl:y, eeneral housework "*'">
J. F. CROSJ-Tf <te CO., 318 -.utter st. . ■-
WANTED— Ei.UKRLY HANDY WOMAN To"
''"' mind children: good ■ home: $a*:' Call after lo
639 Golaen Gate aye., near Franklin st. . . '
i\U ASTE O— "PESPECTABLEUIRL INFANCY
H store. 2200% Fillmore ' 4fILY
. . ■ ■ ..... ,r»r.. --■;.. .■.-,.. "■-.■•—... ■- •.' ,
HELP; WANTED— Continued.
OMAN TO WASH AND SCRUB HALLS,
■ft Institution,' s2o; Swedish cook and downstairs
girl, *25: good cook and housework girl, $1'O:.1O
young girls, liahl housework, if 10, $15. C. K.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st. - .
XPEHIKNCKD CANDY SALESLADY, $4
JL week to begin with. C. R. HANSEN <fe CO.,
110 Geary s'. ■ '■ * -*■"■" - -■.
YV OMAN COOK, ONE WHO HAS CHILD
'* preferred, for country boarding-house; good
wages. ; C. R. HANSEN «fc CO.'. 110 Geary st.
HOUStGIRL. tCOTT ST., $15: GIRL, GREEN
S., $15: girt Ross Valley, $20: girl, Francisco
St., $15; girl, Golden Gate aye, $15: girl, O'Farrell
st., s 5: young girl, Livermore, Sift: girl, Steiner
St.. $15; housed eper, $12; young girl, - tockton
St.. $10: German girl in family of two, Sutler st.,
$10; girl as companion, $12; eirl for Petaluma,
Cai.; small girl, $8 a rnontn: German girl, Bush
St., $1 2. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. .
IRLuR WOMAN; SMALL HOTEL. ASSIST,
AJ etc.; c eaner for *v institution, . *20. etc. ;
woman cook, country, $25 and room: cook, few.
boarders, $20 and room: waitress, $25: wal:r»B*i
small pi are, $15 and room; cook, Jewish style,
$35. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. ' :■■■■-;-
OL.KH.D GIRL AS FAMILY COOK, $25.
VJ MARTIN'S, 749 Marke: st. ■
GIRL, host VALLEY: f2o{ CALL EARLY.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL AS CLEAN-
U er in an institution. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
V V ANTED— AMEHICAN COOK, $25 ; JEWISH
ft cook and housework, $25; experienced in-
fant's narse, country, $25: young girls for house-
work and assist, $12 and $10. LEON ANDKE,
315 Stockton st. '.-'-.'■ j
"1Q GIRLS FOR HOUSEWORK AND COOK-
xOing, city and country, $15 and $v; 0: second
girls; $20 and $15. MUK KAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents. 631-636 Clay st. . .
PLAIN HOTEL LAUNDRESS, $25: HOUSE-
X work girl on ranch. $15. R. T. WARD & CO.,
610 Clay st. :; -
"VTELLIE OL&EN— ANY INFORMATION IN
-LV regard 10 her will be thankfully received by
her brother, HARRY OLSEN, box 16, Call Office.
p IRLFOKGENKKAL HOUSEWORK: MUSI'
AX be cook. . 819 Guerrero st. •.- ■■
IKL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 3104
Fulton st., terminus McAllister-st. cars.
\\r AN TED-EX Pit: PAPER BOX PASTERS.
»* Stuparlch Mfg. Co., 523 Market st__
IRL TO AsSI«T~wITH HOUSEWORK;
wages $10. 2817 Folsom st. .. -
YOUNG GIRL TO WAIT ON TABLE. 233
X Sixth st. ' , ■ . -
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. A^
ply 100 McAllister si.
PANTED— YOUNG G.RL. ABOUT 12 FOR
company: goo 1 home and clothes. MRS. F.
L. SPARKS, Leoua Heights, W.
AITRE>S FOR RESTAURANT; AGE
between, 17. and 20. 630 Lott at., nr. Halgnt.
OOMS PAPKRED, $2 60 UP: WHITENED.
$1 up: stains or blemishes removed: painting
by day or contract; 1200 Webster, tel. Steiner',23s.
T AWRENCE CUT 1 ING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place lor patterns; . every one
guaranteed 10 be perfect. 1231 Market st.
T EARN JJRESSCUTTING AND FITTING:
Xteklrt patterns.2sc MCDOWELL'S. 636 Market
\\r ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN To LKAR.V
'» barber trade: only a weeks required; 100U
given and catalogue huiiu Cx J)'. lituiieC Sciiuol,
1515 Howard ./
AN 1 ED— PUPILS: SPECJALRATES; DAY
or evening classes: hairdressing '2. 5 c; up to
date. Parlors 1026 Market St.. over the Wonder.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., ne»r Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 5 J per night; $1 50 10 $6
per week: free 'bus and baegage to and from ferry.
V BE__— UiiLt* V» AN'i'JiU.
FARM H ANDsTS2oT '_'aN~TO~c'oNTRACT
to cut 2000 cords white oak. B. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
f: HARD-ROCK MINERS, S3 PKR DAY': MAN
• ) to dri I and blast, cit , $1 a day: 6 farmers,
I $23 and $30; Scandinavian teamster; $25; farmer
j and wife. $30. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 anl 636 ay st.
AN AND WIFE FOR LARGE ORCHARD
company, $45 and found; wasner. country
laundry. $25 to 430; cioreboy, $10: wood-carver,
$3 50 per day, etc. MURRAY* READY, Lead-
ing Emp'oyment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
1 FRENCH HEAD COOkTcOUNTRY RESTAU-
r rant $75; pastry cook, country hotel: young
barkeeper with c;t/ experience, $45; bellboy, ho-
tel, city, $10. C. R. HAXsEX & CO., 110 Geary.
ATE AT JAPANESE WAITER, CITY, . C.
li R. HAN^E^ I &CO. 110 Geary st.
SSISTANT HOTEL STOREKEEPER, 825.
C. R. HANSEN <fe CO.. 110 Geary st.
ANTED— iIOTICL CIKRIC C. R. HANSEN
CO., 110 Geary st.
\y ANTED— 4 QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 DAY;.
'» first-class butter-maker: Kuueru cabinet-
makers and others. J. F. . CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramen>o st.
ILKER. $25: PORTER, HOTkL WOKK, $16
and room:- waiter, $8 a weeic; butter and
cheese maker: -German toy to learu waiting.
MARTIN'S, 749 Marscet st-
OTKL COOK: $65 AND ROOM. MARTIN'S,
749 Market .'. f -■
MEN WHO UNDERSTAND HANDLING
horses: not afraid of work. Apply F.
SCHWARTZ. Oiympia Hotel, Potrero. .
AN COOK, GUSH, FOR SHORT ORDER
or C' ffee house: small pace: small pay.. Ad-
dress W. IL, box 75, Call Office.
"I^NERGETIC BOY WANTED; STATE AGE,
Hi wages, etc. Address Druggist, box 39, this
office. ' . . - - '
BARBER FOR SATURDAY, $3. 203 MONT-
. omeiy aye. " . .. '
ARBER, SATURDAY' EVENING AND
Sunday: also a boy to learn. 1089 Howard st.
VV'ANTf.D— BARBh-R FOR SATURDAY.
»t 602 Ciay st.
YV ANTED-GOOD BAKBER FOR BATUR-
ff day and Sunday. 605 Broadway.
ARBrtR WANTED EVERY SUNDAY*
morning. 105 Fourth St. -
UTLER; $40~PER MONTI^; MISSCULLEN,
323 sutler st.
■\\r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS CHILDREN'S
•it: clothing salesmen. RAPHAEL'S. ■
EAMEN FOR EUROPE AND AUSTRALIA.
O Appy 30 Steuart Ft., upstairs.
\\/ ANTED— SIX first-class wreath-
" makers: 7:30 and BA. m. 150 Fifth st.
BOOTBLACK WANTKD. 502 ELLIS ST.,
'XJ barber-shop. . ■ ' - ■'.V'--,
OUNG MAN WITH SOME EXPKRIENCE
i- as waller, help in kitchen: early. 135 Fifth st.
MEN AND WOMEN OUT OF EMPLOYMENT
and willing to work can learn of a permanent
situation at good wages by writing at once to P. V.
H., box 283, Augusta. Maine. . - ' . '•/">■
INGLE FURNISH ROOMS; 18c A NIGHT:
O 75c week. : Lindell House, Sixth and HowarJ.
LfAßßliiCs' I'liUlr.t'inii UNION _MPLU*-
iJ ment Fecret«rr. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Cl»?
DAKBtK — i'uK KMPLoYMKNT CALL SKU.
i) P. U Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
uIiU.NKYMii.N KARj. KRIS' iiAl PLO VMiiN r
JOUiLM— Y_i£N KAiIi.JSKS' tAi PLO VM—iNl'
seTetary. H. BERNARD, 102 seventh st. .
ARBEK W~ASHSTAND>, ONE, TWO AND
I) three bowls. 1 heap. 623 Golden Gale aye. (
EST 2-CHAIR BAKBER-SUoP IN CITY.
XJ A pply at 1 '1 avlor st. ■■-..\--.- :
.VTi-.W ■ \\ Ai^iJO HOUSE, 760 AllasiO.^. iJKI'.
—i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 10;
10 50 c.week. week 60c to $2; reading-room; strictest de-
tention morning calls; clean; quiet; open nil night.
OljC A DAY FOR ONE MO.NTH IF WILLING
VVO to work end invest $10 cash. 215 Sansome
st , room 12. ••._■- "■■■_ . . .^ . .
\y ANTED— 6OO MEN TO-DAY TO E \T BEST
■* 5c and 10c meals. Old Economy, 410 Kearny.
QHOEMAKER OR REPAIRER WANTED;
O new shop; city. ; Address; W. H., box 85. Call.
T) AY ING 2-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; ELE
X Kantly fitted up: must, be sold. Apply to Shel-
don Sun Co., 24V 8 Third st.
TYLISH ; AND DURABLE CALF SHOiiS
made-io order: $2 50. ; 959 Howatr?, nr. Sixth.
LCHO KUUM'., Bb3Vi MARKET ST.— ROOMS
SU 20c, 25c to f»Oc tiieht; $1 to $2 wee*.
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS-CHEAPEST AND
best odglng-h.ouse It) the city: open all night.
\\r INt'Utßl Kit HOUS£.,*44 ililitu ST., NR.
1 1 !■ Maricet: , 200 rooms,": 25c . a night; reading'
room: tree bus and ba?gnge to and from the ferry.
I.ASKKUI'I' SALE— HAVING PURCHASED
i> large stock of boots and .shoes that must De
sold by Jan. 1 at great sacrifice to make room for
spring goods- •■ Cal. Boot »nd Shoe Mfg. Ca's stores,
767 Market and 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
ECRU ITS WANTED FOR THE UNITED
Mates . Marino Corps. United States , Navr:
able-bodied unmarried men, between the azesof 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United Mates,
or those who have legally d dared their Intention
1 10 become citizens; must be of good character and
1 habits and able to speak, read and write English,
I nnd between . 5 i ieet 5 inches and 6 feet in linshu
For further Information apply, at the ' Kecruiun t
Office. 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal. ; .--.. ; y.
■~\P OR " FULL -? AN CLEAN 10c ; AIKAL Oft
X coffee and cakes 5c go to 13y 3 Grant aye. :;y;
GREAT RiiDUCTION JIN PRICKS AT THK
r New Waldo House, 765 Mission St.. bet. Third,
and fourth: per night, 10c, 15c, 20c and 60c; per
week, 60c, 90c, $1 25 ami $2. , : .:.-,.<;
\\' ANT«.D-LABOKEK.S AND MECHANICS
'» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still I runs Denver House, 217 Third st. -.150
Urge rooms; 25c per night; f 1 10 $3 per week. ■ :,-
-'l'? 1 "* ' ACAtE.liuuaji. iiuV _akK_.T m:, his.
x low Sixth, fora room: •--f»- a ; night: $ I : a wee*.
SHOES'. SHOES 1 SHOES! NEW TO ORDER
kJ any. style, $3, up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bought or exchanged: •- large stock of second-hand
o^?'- hi-st-class ; repairing: work v guaranteed.
.749 Mission at., near Grand opera-house. ; . . ;
1 00 :>IKN TO TAKK lodging AT ioc, 15c
■"^.V^r and 20c a nigh:. Including coffee anJ.roiU.
t24 Washington st., near K«»arnv. ;.:;; -. , : ;
\\T ANTIiD— AN IDi!.A: WHO CAN THINK OK
•"•»f some ; simple thing to patent? r Protect your
Jfleas: tbpy may brine yon wealth. % Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN, & CO., Dept. L, l Patent Attor-
Beys, ' Washington. ■ D. ■ C., - for • ihelr $IsUO ynta
vfier and list of 200 inventions wanted. >. ■ ■ ■ -
HELP WANTED— Contfnin»«l.
VAT ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ft : ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Accy. 110 Suttee
E>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per wee-
Paclric House. Commercial and l.eldesdorn sts.
ANTED— ROOMS, A DAY: $1
weeit; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 a week; p.
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. < ■ _ V
SIMON WANTS 100 Mr,N TO uKl' BO £'
. tie boor or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
OOMS 15c TO 75cPJiR JSIGHT; 50c TO *i &i
JX per week. ;; Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
W ANTED, YOUR SHOES- WE REPAIK
ft shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those wont-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladles' soling, :isc; men. 1
eollng 60c: fine shoes made to order from S3 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, as
less than oue-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 00. 562 Mission St.. bet. First i.. ami Second <*\
AtiKNT-J WASTED.
GENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY'
J\. publication since Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections": every one wants
the book written by the commnrider-ln-chief of the
United States army: • first agent's commission,
$22 in 3 hours. E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department, The .Whitaker & Ray Company,
723 Market st. / _____
•\ro MAGAZINE OFFERS SUCH LIBERAL
-LN Inducements to aeents as The Family Journal.
Write for particulars, 14 some si., s. F.
BOARDING WANTED.
BY YOUNG MAN, BOARD AND KOOM IS
private family. Address V.. b"x 36. Cull.
BOOMS, WANTED.
a^Tntled^2^urnishe^~rooms: nns'
'» nine water; centra locatio 1 : terms reasona
ble. E., box 87. fwlt Offlcp.
\ WANTED-JUSCELLANEOUS.
W^^AiTt^D^Hb »T-cLaBB 1? R I N TING
pressman to take charge of pressroom: must
be rellaDle and not afraid of work. Address M..
box 106, this office. '
\V ANTED — CASH REGISTER 'IN GOOD
ft condition: cheap for cash W. A., box 2?3, Call.
WANTED FuR CASH— LODGING-HOU&E:
'1 give price and location. S.. box 64, Call.
QECOND-HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS. LEN-
O ses, magic lanterns and slides. ,109 Montgmry.
PPLES WANTED— SOUND WINTER VA-
rleties; 4 tier; in carload lots; for coid-stor-
age purposes. Consumers' Ice Company, 420
Eighth st., S. F. . ;'
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBKK. HASHES,'^
i 3 doors, mantels, etc., for snle. 1166 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW- 4
elry 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: s«nd poaUO.
aiUbICAL, INSTKUaHSNTS.
AGAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO THB
fact that we are selling good-toned second-
hand pinaos for $3, $4 and $5 per month: beauti-
ful new uprights for $6, $7. $8, $9 and $10 per
month; no cash payment required larger than tli9
above amounts: »ll purchasers ■of upright planoi
from us bavo the privilege of exchanging same for
a Steinway any time within 3 years from data
without sacrifice. bHF.RM.4N, CLaY & CO.,
representatives of Stein way & Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Suttee sts., S:tu Francisco; aUo Oak-
land. Cai.: Portland, Or.: Seattle, Wash.
: * LMOST NEW HARDMAN UPRIGHT ATA
A great discount; a Chase Bros.' slightly dam-
aged will be sold at one-half its value: some ele-
gant new styles of Hardman just received; they
I are considered perfection; a superb Christmas
gift. THE J. DEWING COMPANY, second floor,
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
* BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
XV. house west of Chicago Is KOHLER &
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell si.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of alt
grades and prices: terms e*sy: prices lowest:
everything possible done to please uiid satisfy >no
customer.
ACTUALLY THU BtST BARGAINS IN IT-
anos; tee our list for this week; pianos on $.{,
«4, 85, f6, $7, $8, $9, $10. $15, $20 monthly par-
meats; tine stool and cover with each; delivers!
free anywhere in th* city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPEJSCiiU Co..
talesrooms 933 Market St.. opp. Mason.
AINKS, BUSH & GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; flno second- band
uprights, $135: organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
VINE STEINWAY UPRIGHT. JN 1_ RF
-T order, great bargain: Frenrh upright, $60; new
pianos very cheap: call and see fine stock. THE
ZENO MAUVALS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.
PIANOS Siii.D, RENTED, TUNED. RE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other tirm in the city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes st. •
LIGHTLY USED PIANO: CANNOT B~K
.told from new; very elegant; liish grade;
price cut in the middlp. Room 12, Hood building.
A DMINJSTRATOR'S SALE — MUff SKLU
A pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins. ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
ON CERT GRAND CHICKERING PIANO
v; for sale. 1633 Howard st. '■■ - ,- - .
EAUfIFULBKCKSTEIN: IN USE ONLY
months: sacrifice. E. W. LICK.II 6 McAllister.
<_•] nr fTIEGANT~UPRIGHT: COST $425- I
«JD J.Uc).for3alessinstallments 221 l.eavenworth I
RARF.CHA..CE— FINE UPKK.HI", $125. 16 S ;
McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
MAGNIFICENT STEINWAY WILL BE SAC-
riflced at once. Boom 21, 809 Market st.
OOD MARSHALL & WENDELL UPRIGHT.
$100. - Bruenn Piano House.
\i AGNIFICENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
IVI Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019VanNe«
G. BADGEU. SOIE A>-ENT FuR HALLET
.& Dnvisnnd Francis Bacon piano 3. 406 Sacto.
YRON MALZY, SOS PuST ST.-sOHMKK,
Newby <t Evans. Brigzs and other pianos.
UFERIOK VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DOLLAR A VtltK OS KKX'f CONTRACT
buys new piano. 136 Ellis st.
IiISDICAX..
ANEiV REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never fails in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. : Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con-
finement. J>r. & Mrs. Davies, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hibernia Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2; hours, 9 A. M. to 4, 7to BP. K.
PROCESS THAT NEVER *AIJU« TO RK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
mauy years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DH. DALEY, 112.d
Market st., over the Owl Dru? store.
R. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES —A.
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no mailer what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang or after effects: taken in time Id
also acts as a preventive: price 91 50 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt 01 price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
A NEW PKOCKSa-KO MEDICINE, «NSTRU-
J.V- ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; can.
be sent and used at home; a.l cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, 318 Kearny.
LL CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours; safety assured a; any-
time; instant relief for travelers: home in confine-
ment: consult free: confidential; hours. I0:o5.
MRS. DR. \V YETH. 916 Pont St., near Larkln.
DBS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LADIES, *
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any -
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill;
free diagnosis: i'ees;seif cure. 004 Me Altistersu
LPKAL'S FRENCH P ILLS— A BOON TO
Indies with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 express C. o. D. : don't delay until
too late. OSOOOD BROS., Oakland. Cai.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL Fi-.MALK I'l*-
eases, from whatever cause; home icconrin*.
men: : every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER. 226 Turk«.
ON'T FAIL TO CONS Dli. JORDAN" AT
XJ his museum, 1051 MarKet St.; his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the. worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
rwjPAiD toR a case 1 fail 10 cur kof
«Jp»Jv/U female complaints or diseases of the »■}•«•;
consultation free; MRS. DR. >COIT, . 25 Geary sU
U PKAKS FEMALE KKGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmen:>s;o£:iie: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,druggist3. 406 Clay st.,soleagts,
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Kighth St., Alamedn.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Di-EASB
see MRS. DR. PUKTZ and be content. 2b4y 2 4:a.
I vR. HALL, 14 McAXLISI ER STREET, N-.AU
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
VI HS- DRS. DONOVAN, •■ 1306 FOLSOM ST.;
I*l confinement: terms reasonable.
ATTOENEYS-AT-LAW.
S"^TfL^RS'XN~D^TI<?C^XNTc!?"\VAGES COL-
lected; estates p.obated : deeds, wills, contracts
drawn: advice free. <J. G. JEFFRESS. law olnce,
832 Market St., room 2.V
DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
aIIy: private; no charge unless successful; all
• law suits, ' claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G. vi. HOWE, atl'y-at-law. 850 Market
T) .W. KING. CHRONICLE BLDG; CON SUL-
Xt; tat ion free: probate: all rases: fees low.
l»v JCK FRJiK; NOCHARGK I.NLKSS sllU-
- ceasfuL'-.W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market s-
. BICTCr_ES.
hana; highest, grades; lowest prices. DAVIS
hana; highest grades; lowest prices. DAVIS
BROTH I*, Cycle D-Hit.. 25 Geary st.
PUOTOGUAPHEES SUFFJLIES.
;iijnr"^"£E>v^J7ir^^ our":
dp O. size 3'.±x4t 4. 121 tie -rv st.
..;.;..-.■. : , PUVSItIAAS. ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL.": l'JO6 MARKET, COR
Golden Gate ay. ; diseases of women a specialtyBUSINESS CHANCES.
? "BARGAINS THIS WEEK at"the~beliX;
JJ bleoffic'sof HEALY & CO.. 23 Ke_-ny su
. French liquor-sore at invoi-e price.
Dairy prod nee and fancy groceries, etc.. kep* by
present owner 12 years; living-rooms- $250
, Branch bakery, candy, stationery, no ions, cigars
etc.; 4 livina-rooms; near Market; $125.
$10 000 WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
11 htJ 1 a T « h^ uor - s ore : one of the best estab-
lished and finest locations In city; Ion? lease-
buyer can use same name; fine trade without
soliciting. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall aye
U' • WANT TWO GOOD MEN TO TAKE IN-
. " terest in our nearly all «ir burning gas ranee
manufacuring concern; bin profit guaranteed,
and full security (riven for rapltal Inv.stel. Call
and see o r ranges in full work at 124V2 O'Farrell
st. from -' to 5 p. m. daily.
'©1(10 PARTNER, AS HELPER AND
<_)xvv. cashier in restaurant: $50 per month,
room and board guaranteed. D. McRA_, 8 - j7
.Mi-si 111 st.
ClOllA MANUFACTURING BUsINES-}.
KPXWXJ. well established: paying well now
and can be largely increased. Address Manufac-
turing. box 83, call Office.
"OK.-^T PLACE IN EMERYVILLE FOR A
■*-> barber-shop Inquira.*t SULLIVAN'S news-
stand. Emeryville. Alameaa County. Cal.
Wanted TO buy — EXPRESS-
• " and good stand; state price: 110 agents. Ad-
. flress K. W., box 84, this office
T> KAN CH BIK a i V AND RESTAURANT
. -i-» near carhoust; new; low rent. 3399 Sac-
ramento at.
*? 1 --ROOM. HOUSE, i'OING tiOOD BUSINESS;
**\J cheap. THOMAS & CO., 33 r-ixth St., r. 18.
1 "QLD I 'OKNEI(, HALLECK AND LEIDEc-
'" K7 'lorff sts.. saloon, for sale cheap.
,:. BIG BARGAIN: RKSTAURA NT FOR SALE;
I XJ dally rece:p;s 10 to 850. 23 Third s .
;■• A. 'SNAP — RESTAURANT FOR SALE,
•:. -c*- cheap; good business; must sell. 218 Eddy.
*'Q9F;nn if you~hav_ AMOUNT
— •>\J\J. in c.isii and can come well recom-
mended, will elve you interest in business lha
• will pay yon $2000 yearly, besides $100 mouth
' salary; particulars only at personal Interview;
.- thU is a chuuce of a lifetime. Address R. C., box
"• 44, this oilice.
! 1308 BALE— AN ELEGANTLY FITTED-UP
J/ candy ore, aoing a line re. ail business; estab-
lished 15 years: best location; will clear (100 a
-•month easily; _ chance seldom offered; "ii be
<> suld reasonable for cash. A. SCUAEFER, 22 Sixth.
,'• \ rjNG HONEST AND RELIABLE MAR-
i X ried man, with bank references, desires to ex-
: Vtfaiice a house aud lot across ti»e bay for an inter-
. csi'ana position in legitimat? business; value
':"■■ $3200. O. P., care Pac. Cal. Co.. 83. 6 Eddy st.
<' ' A) AT A BARGAIN UNTIL DECEM-
<-"''"• ter2o, half-interest in a restaurant
located in a large mining town and doing a linn
• business; good reason* lor selliug. Address box
lall Office.
BAR^ CHANCE FOR THOSE WHO DESIRE
. J.ii to invent in a good gold mine; full investiga-
t ion allowed and particulars furnished. J. Z., box
t /93,°Ca1l Oflice.
EASTERN HOUSE WANT RESPONSIBLE
party with $300 to $400 to control business on
.-. this coast; big opening. Apply to MR- KNoWL-
TUN, Royal _ou»e, J26 Ellis St., 9 10 3.
" Qi~\ OR PARTNER as cashier and ah-
•■ *p - 1 - — - — '• sistant. $40 per mootn. room and
._ boarJ; guaranteed full value. 1., box 90. Call.
!. 1 > ARGAIN-SALOON Nl7l7oi»GlNL.-HOUSE:
XJ 12 rooms, all furnished; good business; good
place for right party. Inquire Call Office.
MALL FORTUNE AWAITS THE" PARTY
who will first supply the subscriber with an
:. ounce of "California Beer Seeds." W_LDi,R
• HYDE, 320 j Kncinal aye.. Alameda City.
RARE CHANCE TO rent CO \L YARD
. <X\> with screen, scales and block; established 9
».y*ars; in gool running; 5 stalls; rent 12. Apply
.'■l9? sy 2 -McAllister at., bet. Lyon and Lou.
: <~ ( |() UKOCEKY AND SALOON— 4 L1V-
.:.0 t\J\J. in;-:ooms upstairi; must be sold next
. .-w-eek. Inquire Call Office.
: i OAKERY, NOTIONS, CANDY] CIGARS.
■. I' groceries; 4 furnished rooms; good business;
•;c;Beap. 2604 Sutter st.
.. ELKI.ANT DELICACIES AND FANCY GRO
-.LJ. ceries; ioll stock; 5 living-rooms. Box 21, Call.
■'• O l.\ r\ CORNER SATOON ON FOURTH
: .'•■<?«"''■ st. -. must be sold. Call Office. 1
>'■ PNi-.R iN PAYING SALOON "BUSINESS:
. o s.mali capital required. For particnlars433 Bush.
• . ,t> V. I N T I N ( i OF FIC-E FOB SALF.; DRUG
-■•_ -label, book and job. Call 8 Montgomery ay.. r. 14.
t'l -(» CIGAR-STAND. AT 1352 MARKET,
■.VJI" IoU., a bargain; party to leave city.
.. ANTED— PAKTNEK WITH $40,000 IN A
''. •■"grocery and liquor house established ' since
' 1£63. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
;■ • qmaa restaurant for sale— vicin-
.•■.SjpTlW. ityof Kearny and Clay sis.: daily re-
e'eipts 5.5 10 $30. Address Investigation, box 74,
i-.-C'airogice.
'■■'Q. 'WA.a PARTNER WANTED: SINGLE
. ! '-»l3_uU. man; on a fruit and vegetable ranch in
...Fruit vale. Address E. L. DOLE, Diamond P. 0.,
. .yA'lameda County.
: ANlfc-'D— TO BUY A HOTEL OR ROAD
■'."•■*» : fibu»e ■ clearing $10'J per month. Address
; *\y<jQ.. pil X St., Sacramento. ■
■.■'|4vk' i 'aln-cokxkk s»lo< n: GOOD BUSI-
■ ..J^'.-ness; dose to Market st.: will sell whole or
r»Je partner. Inquire 31 Ninth si.
V T.*»OR. -SAL E— .CIG A R-STO RE; PRICE $150.
.X. Inquire 26 First St. - ' .
1 -jpi ivNTLF-MA PAKTNi-.R WANTED BY
'Vt Jciuiig lady of means. Room 3, 309 Sutter st.
. : Ii>AIiTNE Foil SALOON; oTHf.R BUSI-
.'X' ness connected bic money, 1 342 Market st.
:'-Q',- % AA PARTNER; FINE-PAYING MANU-
r '^.yU. lac tv ring business. 1 34 a Market su
.•tiWK RENT — PRIVATE DINING - KOO^f:
i-T everything comDlete; excellent location; 227
• Geary st.-.
IF VQU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OR
• grocery for spot cash address V., box 120. Call.
<_ I r". . OIOAP.-STORK: 2LI VING-
•*-}«JS 1 «_> ''. rent f 14: Sicilies^. 1127 Mssion st.
• XTEW PATENT, BEST OF ITS KIND, FORA
■;x\ moneyed man. - 6^3 Golden Gate avp.
■■*1/»1 *> >TLLMOKJ-J B'i.— R-STAURANT FOR
A)}- ~ saig. ■ •
»"irv^."lLOß-SUOP: CHEAP. 914 KEARNY ST.,
° ii;near Montgomery aye.; retiring from business.
.■• ; Vt\VarAl'tKttUllr, IN i.NT.h..KIO_. CiX t.
.±\ close to =_v rinucbv-j. t'itc particulars app./
• Ihfs office. - * ■ • i.
,L)u\;ih: FOR BALE _CROSS> IH_ B_Y/ Us-
; Ji ouire at Call (Jthci».
.: : :-. Loi)Gl>"G-IIOIISES i"OK SALE.
■^fj'ROOMS, clearing $200 f2500
if" '26-room house; fine corner 1500
'.'• •'■• Small amount ca 3 h balance payments.
i If/room bouse, worth $600, 0n1y. ............ 300
: 1 5. rooms, fine corner: payments. tOO
_ it hVoom house; rooms all rented bOJ
• 'rooms; near City Hall: iiew. 250
/ 14. rooms on Folsom St., near Third 350
■ tftjrrooru corner house, new furniture 3000
■,"K.» rooms on Market St., offer wanted. 85')
'12 rooms, central, good furniture 25J
,' •_ li. C DECKER, 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
on KOOMS. RENT S6O: MONEYMAKER $850
• 00 12 rooms, rent $25 : nr. Market .- 250
.'6O rooms: fine house; clearing $250 1700
i If rooms: new furniture; easy paymenu.... 1000
bfpoms; nicely furnished; norih Market... - HO
, '16 rooms: clearing $80 600
. . UNDERWOOD «!fe CO., 765 Market sU
pAI'.TLT FURNISHED HJDGINU-HOUSE
X containing 33 rooms and bath: 810 Mission St.;
rent reasonable. MADISON 4 BURKE.
»;Q FURNISHED ROOMS; CHEAP: ON AC-
— G count of owner leaving city. 916 Howard st.
1 • EFORE BUYING OR SELLING HOUSES OR
1 > businesses see A. M. J-LKINS, 906 Market St.
,_U_t>"i_UK_ _Olt bALK.
Js^s7^l~T\LU M &. CO.. I.I'HOL.-TKt;y CO.
; 1801 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
■■ . « Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Gooria.
\C\l\ CARP_TS; CHAMBER b_i>*. ; *14:
tUU stoves, $5: parlor tets, S2O; lolding-bedv
"'f 10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or goal
as new: casi or on time: open evenings.
MINNA-AN 8- FOOT OAK EXTEN-
Ul L Bioa table, cheap.
%T ING FUKNITURECO.. 11-7 -29-31 MARKET.
; iX furnish 4 rooms, *±8 to»50: beat bargains.
ouck/nghaai furniture CO. — LOWEST
.-- XJ prices: furniture, carpets: all trade* 86ti Miss'
* _°U_OiIT-J__ VV'AXT—t).
HAVE FOR EXC H A NG E FOR FURN IT U R R
gun*, ammunition, harness, etc, 884 Snot well- •
. ;A>H PAID FOR E > TIKE HOUSES OK
\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc J.
BOWCUER 222 Stockton: send postal. .
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOX FURNl-
ture and merchanalse see BURP, 211 Larkin.
IGH.ER PlUCri "I HAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indians Auction Co, 1057 MHrket.opp.Jonei
* CAKPIST CL__JS'LXO.
n^xhAM^AEPET CLEANING WORKS:
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
M«r. 38 and 40 Eighth »v; telephone South 250.
/■UKI'tTS CLEANED AND -RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON * CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 33. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO., successor*
\\t HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
W poor work send toSPAULDINO'S Pioneer Car.
p«t-beatlng Works, 353-67 Tehama st. ; teL bo. 40.
T E. MIICHhTLT. CARPET-' LEANIN'- CO.,
O . 240 1 4th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia. 7*.
/•IAKPET-CLEANING. 3c; LAYING, 3c: HUG
\J aaraples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton, 19 BthsU
'nos KLIN'S CARPKT- BKATIKO .WORKS.
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone Kagt 126. :
c A YARD AT GREAT WEhTKKN C'ARP-T-
-«"J cleaning Works. 11 Elglth st-
STOBAGE.
"OTORAGE-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FIRE-
O proof betiding; advances made. 211 Larkin.
IriURNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS.: -AD- :
! T-ace* .hipping. CJiA- L. TAY_OK..O4i'O«.
HOUSES ■TO LET. .
I A ROOM HOUSE; ALL MODERN CON-
I\J veniences: carpets for sale if desired. Call
bet. 10 a. m. and 2 p. m., 1410 Ful.on st. bet
Broltrick aua Baker. '
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY, SUNNY
• side of Glen Park ay. : In excellent repair »nd
very attractive: *:-.0. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., oft Twelfth st '
9/11 i\ GEAKY— HOUSE: 7 ROOMS AND
— <-XVJ bath: large stable anil yard.
/1 91 POWELL— FRONT HOUSK. 9 ROOMS;
rr£x rear, 7; cheap rent. Call on premises. .
OjiO 7 ROOMS AND BATH: NKWLY PA-
«3piO. pered; cellar and yard. 2123 Mason st.
fl_ 1 9 HOUSE, 4 KOuJls. 1310 LARKIN at, j
tg)X_J. rear.
C_Q 5 ROOMS, small, in GOOD ORDER.
<P«7. Part of house 303 First, cor. above Folsom.
Cjl 1 AND $18; TWO FRAME HOUSES;
tip XX four rooms and cellar and six rooms and
storeroom; water free; quiet and respectable
neighborhood. 4 and 2 *aliua place, north side of
Calitornla st., below Stockton: key at 8.
(jl.l o HuUSK, 7 ROOMS AND BATH. 3432
%pXO. Seventeenth st. , few stet'sfrom Valencia.
l-l FJLLMORE — SUNNY CORNER; 6-
-14 rooms; bath: cheap rent to good tenant
mo RENT- NICE HOUSE. COTTAGE OR
X flat, see SCKIBNEB _ CO., 7 City Hall aye.,
and save looking around.
A ROOMS A.\D BaTH, CHEAP. 429 THIR-
T t,(.-nth St., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
UITSr..-? IU KKMI'FOK VKKY LITTLK
money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S. ID
Montrorrerv ct. ■
COTTAGES 10 LET.
POTTAGE 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD. 214
\J ColUngwood St., near Nineteenth.
LSI VACANT: ICE CLEAN ft TO 8 ROOM
cottages: $12 to $25: special prices to good
tenants. SPr.cK <fe CO., 602 Market st.
C R 1 O.MS, BATH, BASEMENT AND STABLE;
0 rent reasonable. 120 Kill more st.
7 • A AND- $9— CoTTAGKS, 3 AND 4
I . OK) rooms: good order: water free. Apply |
premises, 946 Bryant St., or UMBSEN _ CO., 14
Vfontcomery st. •
FLATS io LET.
OQ^PRVospER^KTrToIFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
-<O block from Market— Lovely surniy- upper
modern 5-rooni flat; rent $15; water fr»e.
1 7i\U POST— S-ROOM sUNNY FLAT; BATH;
Li UP garden: re: t $17. -- ■ ': • _
Am 114 SAN JO X AYE., Nfi. TWENTY-
(JJ)XZ. third st.— Six sunny upper rooms: tath.
1 At) FULTON-EXTR v FINE UPPERFLAT;
X _:Z 7 rooms; bath: f35.
UNNY 5-KOOM FLAT; BA'llI; RENT $12.
40 i\ Nineteenth st , near Castro.
ODERN FLAT, 5 ROOMS. BAiH; SUN ALL
day. 921 Capp st.
XTRA ELEGANT NEW FLAT, 8 ROOMS
and bath. 1014 a Valencia st. ; reasonable.
TIPPER F: AT; 4 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
»J improvements: on Twelfth st; $20.
Lower flat: 5 rooms; bath; laundry; front and !
rear yards for flowen; $22 50.
.tour sunny rooms and bath on Glen Park are.;
second floor; $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth aU ___^_
HOICK. SUNNY. 6 ROOMS, MODERN IM-
\J provements, 1706 a Hyde st; aiso 4 sunny
rooms, 1120 Broadway, SI 4.
■fLAT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS, FOR HOUSEKEEP-
X Ing: rent f 10. 224^ O'Farreil st.
2 NICE FLATS: 4 i-OOD ROOMS; SEPARATE
yards; $13. 524 Sixth st.
du^r NICE SUNNY UPPER FLAT; SROOMS
«Jp^O. and bath; b^semtsut; yard. 725 Webster,
cor. Fulton.
M. SPECK „ CO., 60.5 MARKET, HAVE 20
. new flats; ready January 1: rent cheap
"VICE UPPKR FLATS, 12 AND2UErtI_ ST.,
J. 1 off Mission, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth:
5 rooms and bath; $17. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Mont-
goa.ery st ■
IPLAT OF 7 ROOMS; BATH: YARD; 22 50.
X 1015 McAllister, near Webster.
HEAP MODERN FLATS, ~5 AND • 6
V^ rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 523 a Seventh st.
a Q7l HAIGHT ST. — FLAT OF .4 ROOMS. i
lO I' 2 yard and basement; sunny; 11. !
Ml (il HOWARD, NEAR FIFTH— FLAT 4 !
ult/4 rooms and bath.
OP FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. SUNNY: CAN RENT
2 unfurnished rooms. 235 Page st
0790 AND 3730 TWENTItTH ST., NEAR
0 • _.O Guerrero — Handsome modern flats; 7
and 6 rooms and bath each; reduced to (25 and
$20: see them.
C-9fk 774 STEVKNSON. Nl-.AR NINTH—
0 — Elegant new modern fiat of 7 rooms and j
bath. Apply DAVID STERN _ SONS, 20 Mont-
gomery st."
1 n*) I HAIGHT.NR. BAKER— NICE 6-ROO-I
.1 \)J. I am: best block on Haight; fine view.
<j> ]. 1 FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY 800 AND j
«^)X_i. basement 706 Birch aye.. nr. Buchanan.
L," 1 LA i a IU ii_--.T FuK VtiiY UTTLK
X money at BALDWIN _ HAMMONDS 10
FURNISHED FLATS.
A^_^M_£7n?ullXK r HKD n ' r FLAT - *OF^6
HANDSOMELY FURNISH KD FLAT OF 6;
rooms and plane; call bet 1- and 2. ■■ 1- Met- |
calf place, b"'. Mason and Taylpr, off Geary. •
-ut&i.KC-i'IKU KUUils.
Buchanan Street.
PA9 BUCHANAN, C'JR. FELL — SUNNY |
v>"/_ bay-window, kitchen; other rooms, house-
keeping. ■ • ■ ■'■•-.
Eddy Street.
71 Q EDDY— 3 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
i LO ing; lower floor; also single furn. rooms
1 tin* Street.
QOO ELLIS (PALMETTO) — FURNISHED
- — . housekeeping rooms: also spates and single.
- Federal Street.
70 FEDERAL— I FURNISHED ROOM; USE
Idol kitchen; $5. ■
-inn sues..
p:i FIFTH— 3 BOOMS; ELEGANTLY FUR-
dI nished lower flat complete for housekeeping;
suitable for doctor; also partly furnished; no
children.
QAQ FIFTH— NEW HOUSE, SUNNY BAY-
t(Ui/ window room. $14, kitchen, ranee; other
sunny single rooms. $8 and $10.
9 ROOMS: FUKMSHED FOR HOUSEKEEP-
_ i ing; sunny. 322 Fifth st
Fifteenth Street.
9-1 Qn FIFTEENTH, N. OF MARKET— 3 UN-
_jXOD fnrnlshed rooms.
j-kuwu.'cl »ue«.. - - Y-~;
rr(\ 4 HOWARD, CORNER THIRD— FINELY
(l/'J furnished light housekeeping rooms; also
other rooms.
l-i y«le Street. .
OQA HYDE— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
£.O\J rooms, complete, $15: front room. $12.
Lk<Kln . BIINm j
"A A LARKIN, COR. TURK— 2 FURNISHED
OUU rooms for bousekeeplng. . -.
Lewis Street.
mil 3 UNFURNISHED UPSTAIRB ROOMS.
<g)l'l. 16 Lewis st, off Taylor, near Post.
31 v 1 ket Street.
nAQQ MAKKET-2 NICELY FURNISHED
_.Ut7O sunny rooms for housekeeping. \
■ McAllister Street. ,
1 A" A Me \LLISTER-SUNNY FURNISHED
IUOU room: closet; double bed; rent $5 50.
% . _iuiib >tr«t».. ■
OrTT minna-fur37TsJhed SUNNY BACK
OIL basement room; stove; closets; private
family. • |
~~~~~~ Mission Street.
QA7 MISSION-FURNISHED KOOMS FOR
y^r I housekeeping. . . ; . .
1 IXCiQ MISSION^ SUNNY FURNISHED
KUDO rooms complete for housekeeping: run-
ning water. -
n MISSION - BAY-WINDOW FRONT
mn MISSION - BAY-WINDOW FRONT
I buite complete for housekeeping.
Mok.h street. ■
TO LET-LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
X furnished. 81/2 Moss St., near Howard. • ■ '
i •> MOSS. OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH— 3
X— ' furnished rooms complete for housekeeping-
>uioma Street.
N A TOM A- 2 FURNISHED FRONT
DUO rooms for bouielceepg; hot and cold water.
Hew Montgomery -treet.
1 AC NEW MONTGOMERY —FRONT FUR-
-IUO pished housekeeping nlteg.i?! 75, $ 2 week.
■ Octavia Street. '
linn OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY— CONNECT-
J_^tv/V» log .bay-windows; housekeeping. In-
qoire 639 Kills su ' « ■ ' ■■■'■-.-•
* , O'Farrell Street.
OA- O'FARRELL-1 FURNISHED FRONT
O* ' I ' room, or housekeeping rooms, furnished or
unfurnished. : '
hecond Street.
"AQ SKCOND-2 OR 8 FURNISHED ROOMS
QUO for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
Shotwell Street.
OQA SHOTWKIL — SUNNY FURNISHED
£o\j housekeeping rooms; no other roomers.
l«ylor street.
m TAYLOR— 2 LARGE SUNNY FRONT
' rooms; housekeeping if desired; rent low.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued,
lliiru Street.
nn THIRD, COR. SOUTH" PARK— FUR-
OXO nlshed housekeeping rooms.
Thirteenth Street. '
m THIRTEENTH^ NR. HOWARD — 2
J-OX nicely fnmlihed rooms for housekeeping.
Twenty-third Street.
0790 TWENTY-THIRD, BET. DOLORES
0 i _.O and Chattanooga— Nice furnished rooms
lor housekeeping.
\ Mil ess Avenue.
QIC VAN NESS AYE.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
-0 ' •'nisht'd alcove, dressing and . room at-
tached, carpets and furniture new, and kitchen
for liuht housekeeping, quiet, reasonable: also fur-
nUhed or nntiiriiShed purler floor, 4 rooms.
KOOIU TO Lfr. '
tighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 st, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Bill* Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — IXCANDKS-
cent lights in every room; Ing- room, con-
taining daily pa; era: smoking- room and ladies'
i.arlor; open all ni^lit; rooms per night, 35c to
91 50: week, $2 to $3; month, $8 to $30: lire es-
tapes; elevator on ofiice floor; annex.of 65 rooms
now ready ;hot and cold water In each room; bat.is.
IT. KAMONA. -13U KLLJM. - MR^. 'KATJS V
X HART, manager— A qu:et house: centrally lo-
rrted: newly furnished: elevator: hot & cold wa.er.
j9>> ELLIS— LARGE PARLOR'S; NICELY
"»— <O furnished; suitable for. doctor or dentist;
single rooms.
; ■ ■ I'll tii .-street.
1 07 FIKTII— PLEASANT SUNNY tTNFUR-
X" / I nished rooms.
unary Street.
007 GEARY. COR. MASON— NEWLY- FUR-
-00 I nished sunny front rooms: suites or single.
A(\Z\ GEARY (THE NAVARRE)— FURNISH-
rIVJO ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed.
ARTINETTI. 1101 GEARY, SW. COR. VAN
Ness— suites and similes; newly furnished.
iiuward Slroa..
QQQ HOWARD, COR. SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
OOV nished suites. $3 50 a week: single bed*,
$1 25 to SI 50: double beds, ¥1 60 to $2 50 week.
Jones Street.
OA7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—\J • management: elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished; bath, etc. : $10 tos3o.
Kearny Street,
A KLINOTON HOUSE, J27- KEARST -
-"1 Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first
clegs In every respect: term; reasonable. . ."
VhWAVKM'E HOUSK, 904 KEARNY ST.,
J-i corner Jackson— single - rooms 15, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
EARNY. Nit. SUTTER— 2 UNFURNISHED
front rooms, offices or housekeeping; gas free;
$10 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Leaven worth Street.
QA£ LEAVEN WORTH — LARGE SUNNY
OUU room; also single; runuing water; gas and
bath; cheap.
Market Street.
V OSEMITTS HOUSK. 1015 MARKET — PER
1 night 86c to 4>l : week. »l 50 10 $5: families.
Mission Street.
TTANCOCK HOUSK. 781 MISSION. THE SE-
HANCOCK norSK. MISSION, THE per
leot fami.y rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per
week.
Tost Street. .
"P ANDOLPH," 501 POST ST., COR. MASON—
XV 5U bay-window parlors; smaller rooms; run-
-1 ning water": gas: $1 50 to $4 per week.
I oweil Street.
99' POWELL— 2 SUNNY CORNER FRONT
£~O rooms; nicely furnished.
second (street.
pENTRAL HOUSE, 52 SECOND — SINGLE
\J and double; quiet; respectuble: reasonable.
"lip. SECOND— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
L LO rooms; (1 a week up.
Shipley Street.
n~ SHIPLEY— NICE SINGLE FRONT ROOM;
\)O furnished; cheap. ...
Sixth Street.
1 01 SIXTH-NICE SUITE OF ROOMS. SUIT-
ItJ2 able toroflice«ormanicuriiign;irlors; cheap.
t>Q SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
"I <T\A SIXTH — SUNNY HOU-.EKEEP. NO
JL— .'r rooms, suites and single; rent moderate;
first floor. . . ...
"I OC CHEAPEST IN 'iUE CITY:
XZiO nicely furnished sunny double front rooms.
V_.O SIXTH— LARijK FRONT ROOM WITH
— <^r--i fireplace: $6 per month. ' '■ '
Stockton '.•street.,
mHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
L nished rooms, en suite or single; hot, cold water
in every room; baths: elevator; transient solicited.
Taylor Street.
lAQ TAYLOR — BAY- WINDOW FRONT
XKJV rooms; suite or single; fl 25 week; suite,
$4 50. . - ... .;.-■.: • •
IiOAKULNU AND BOOMS.
/?ACa POWELL, n"klr B^'2^N_>v : LV
\j\JC furnished sunny parlors, suitable for 2;
borne comforts.
POST— URGE SUNNY ROOM, WITH
\J~.O board or without; Indies preferred; 88.
Z.f\A GEARY— HAN ELY FURNISHED
wvl parlor suite with board.
T ARGE, PLEaSANT ROOM: RUNNING
XJ water: for 2 45; single .- 22. 708 O'Farreil.
A 1 9 EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
Ji- and other rooms, with board, $20 up.
rpHE ABBOT-FORD. Bi.OADWA Y. NR. POLK.
i- Quiet, homelike; terms mod; board optional.
UTi-.L BKRTLI.NU, 714 iiUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; references; all modern conveniences.
QAO van NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED BUN.
CWfJ ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
CHiLUKK-V _OAIID__.
/~IHILDR_N BOARDED IN A CHRISTIAN
\J home; terms low. 808 Clay nt, Oakland. - - ■
ABIES BOARDED; BEST OF CARE. 612
East Eleventh st, lias. Oakland.
STOItES 'iO LET.
j vlotY^ D^SIR^XrTL^~Xoan
O 'J . lion for barber-shop. Opposite Twenty-fif
a:, station. • .
VIRST-CLA.SS CORNER STnRK ON KEARNY
X st., near -Market, to rent. For further particu-
lars apply to MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market.
TO LET— LARGE HALL IN A NEWLY
, erected building for any business or club on
reasonable terms; long lease. 36 and >38 East st.
"Si 17 '(\ 1007 Vi LARKIN, (OK POST—
«Jp i. I .O\J. Living-room; new. Apply KELLY,
102 Eddy st.
STORE SUITABLE FOX BUTCHER OR
O fruit: rent reasonable. 118 Flllmorest
TORE. 1524 HOWARD, COR. LAFAYETTE,
with fixtures; cheap rent v
A*)n FOURTH — SMALL STOKE WITH
tr_.V rooms in rear; - low rent. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
T LOW RKNT— PART Oi' STORE AND
ba>emenu' 324 Pos- st.
OFFICES TO _XT.
ELEGANT OKFICES FOR PllTsiarANr7)R
dentist In the Y. M. C. A. building. Mason and
Kills sts.; bright, sunny rooms; all modern Im-
provements. Also a fine store; rent low.
DENTISTS. ~™~
DR. L. T. CRANZ- EXTRACTION PAINLESS;
crown work, bridge work and ■ teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Suiter, NX. cor. Stockton.
Q»q FULL SET OF iKtl'H WORTH $15:
tip I . warranted 6 years: extraction free: fillings
bOe. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
R. JES-UP, DENTIST, FORMERLY SUT-
ter »nd Montc'y, can M found 318 Kearny st
HALtANT & CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; brldsjework aspeclalty.
L^ULL SET OF TEKTri, f 7, WARRANTED
X filling 60c, crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21 1/ 3 -3d,
ULIU.N UK.\TAL ASSOCIATION, 806 ii AX-
/ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. j
C!* 7 A SKI" FO it Tl-.iiTH- RANTED A3
0 ' good as can be made: filling 51 DR. SIMMS,
demist, 930 Market at, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS hXTKACi'ID.N, 60c; CROWN-
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. I* WALSH, D.D.S., 816% Geary.
R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST- KB.
Eleventh; no charge ■ tor extracting when
plates are made: . old plates r made over like new;
Ueth from $8 per set: extracting 5Uc: gas given.
ET or ■ TEEill WITjioUT a i*L Al_, • DR.
O U. G. 'Yonug, 1841 Polk st '
"I K. J. J. Let I\, laud -MARK XT. COX. GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye. : open evenings; Sundays till noon.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket. bet 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, »1; plates. $5 up: fill, 81 up.
DR. UEOitUiS W. s LEEK, TriK GENUINJS
■ Leek dentist discoverer of painless extraction
•and patentee of Improved ■' bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from 610 20 O'Farrell ii.
ALL work • REASON ABLKi AND war-
ranted. . DP- J. W. KEY. 1122 Markets--;.-..,:
; BKWfIfU . _LAI!HI-VES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGER 1
rented .re paired ; lowest rates. - .00 Fourth su '
• ; . rrRSONALs.
T\R. SMITH'S BATHS
Positively Cure Rheuhatjsm, Neuralgia.
- Dyspepsia, Catarrh and Nervousness.
PRICK $1: 6 FOR $5. ,
DR. SMITH'S Hani-tarto)* and Elkctkic Baths.
Free consultation irom' 1 to 3 and b to 8 r. m.
Sundays 10 to 12. .:/ . -
1613 Buchanan street, near Geary.
ISS MARIE ZIMBRICH, 1706 FILLMoRE
St., in rms her patrons yam the public that
she. has returned from. Paris and is prepared to
execute ' all orders for dressmaking in the latest
lashions. ■ ' - .'•" : '"<.'-'- ,' "
] ADY ' S U R-LINKD ENGLISH-MADE
xj coat: driving or traveling; new; g.eat sacri-
fice. 437 Geary st. ■'."'...
l/'OR SALE — FINE TALKING PARROT;
X very tame. Valencia Market, cor. Twenty-third
and Valencia sts. ,■ ; ' •
ARTINt. TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper I lustration— The Christmas
vacation extends from December 18 to January 4;
1897. Particulars at 424. Pino st
J, OK SALE— OF THE FINEST LOUISIANA
I mocking-birds, in song; will guarantee them.
239 Langion st.; apply bet 2 and to p. _.
1 TH_ PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated 1 and medicines fur.
Dished for $1;. call or write. 1029^ Market at,
tet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty: private, no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE, at ty-at-1 aw, 850 Market
|j liKXK'i'T'S CO UN CURE— SURE CURE FOR
i-> corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
UlTn CLEANED. x-RKsBED, $1; REPAIRS
dyeing done. 131Montcomery,r. i4:tH.red 2374,
WALL PAPER.4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
■ '» . Inc. paintiiiir.etc., by contract or day's work, at
yonrown price. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st
A SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENT -FINE
__ watches, diamonds, jewelry in exeat variety at
lactory prices. A. A. RITTER, 138 Montgomery.
RS.- THOMPSON'S MANICURING AND
hair-dressing parlors : removed to 8 Mason st.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN— PUB-
He is hereby notified that, on October 20, 1896,
the undersigned purchased the coal yard and busi-
ness located at 1511 California street. San Fran-
cisco, and that he will not be responsible for any
debts contracted In convection with said business
prior to said date. I. t. BOSTWICK.
Stockton. December 12, 1896.
NOT ONLY DRKSSTiIKHAIR. BUTITAKE
the greatest care not to burn or break it: hair-
dr-ssing. 25c. MyQuinoniu Hair Tonic, positive
cure for dandruff and falling hair. 35c a Lottie. I
can restore gray and bleached hair to its natural
color without the use of poisons. G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st. . »..
Cj I A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WXL-
«HS 1 SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
uThkst PRICE paid FOR 2D-H » ND La-
dies' and gents' clothes. Mrs. HAHN 316 3d.
hIG I DOOR STERtOPTICON SHOW EVE-
JJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth s;s.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. ■ Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market St.
ELI CTRIC LIGHT'S IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st.; nr. Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 jer night: $1 50 to 56 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ICTURK-FRAMtNG. WITH~~(iLA>S 7x9 INT
10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c: 11x14 and 12x16,
20c: 14x17, 25c: loxiO, 30c; I>«x22, 35c: 20x24
45c: 22x28 In., 60c. JONES, 547 Mission st.
AYE YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McCaBE'S, 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVOKCK AND . ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9U6 Market st., S. F.
WE MAKE THE BEST $12 SUIT TO ORDER
in the U.S. NEWHAUS <fe CO.. 115 Kearny.
IBERaL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
* elry, etc.; lowest rates. 948 Market st.
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA^
chine; uses theklnetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market st.
1 ddd CARDS, $1 50. show cards, etc.
IUUU Tel. Black 141.. HILL, 22 V2 Geary st.
pAZOR- EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BA3E-
J t ment: flue edge put on razor for 25 cents.
WATVII DIAMONDS, JKWELitY OF ALL
kinds at reduced prices; must move; building
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third st.
PUPTURE A.SD PILES CURED: NO PAY
It until cured: send for book. DBS. MANS-
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
/CLOAKS, Flits AM; bUIT.-S RETAILED AT
v wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
Ult-SS-lAKliltS.
SUITS MADE FROM $3 UP: SKIRTS. 75c;
capes, 91: fl guaranteed. 5591/2 Stevenson Bt
. CLAIKVO- ANTS.
PEM OVAL. REMOVAL. REMOVAL.
JX • '■ ■ — ! ' ■
KNOWLEDGE OF. THE FUTTJRS '
. ' . , ' Is Power ■
... For the Present
' ' Your Future Foretold
By the Queen of Prophets,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
'. ■ Permanently Located In This City. -•;.
' . Honest, Fearless and Capable.
She fully realizes the responsible position in
which her remarkable gift places her and will
exert herself to the . utmost to please and benefit
her patrons. V-'r^rfr;-
If you are in doubt that site can and will per-
form all she claims feel yourself Invited to call
an 1 she will give'you more substantial proof of
her ; marvelous power than you nave ever before
received from mortal. Do not fall to see her if
you are interested in the affair* of life;, if mar-
riage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, divorces,
separations. * lawsuits, business transactions,
wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or s:olen prop-
erty, hidden" treasures, lost or absent friends in-
terest you; If -yon care to know what you should
do to be successful, where you should go and
whom to avoid, when to buy and sell stocks, etc. —
In a word, whatever may be your trouble, suspi-
cions or designs, call' on this gifted woman and
she will send you away happier, wiser and bolder
than ever before; she advises you with a certainly
by a higher than human power as to tee proper
course to purs In life: her descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though tbey
stood before you: call and lest the madam to your
heart's content and you will depart thoroughly
satisfied that there is at least one reliable medium
now in your midst Fee $1 and I. Hours— 9 a. _.
to Bp. m. stricU '■•'. f -- ■ -■--." . ■ L-.
N. li.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for illustrated pamphlet, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1206 Market St.,
l'ar.ors 25 and 26.' ■ lake elevator.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future: consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names. given: good advice: sure
belp; res tori s lost lov-» by sympatuy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 929 Post st, nr Larkln.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
past, present and future; success to all: for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st
MISSMELVINA. CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
ItA future husband or wife, 60c. 766^ Howard.
ME.' FANNIE DAVIS, LUCKY MAGNETIC
healer: cards road. Room 2, 122 Post st
ME. JANSEN: WONDERFUL CARD-
reader and magnetic healer. Itm. 22, 1 Fifth
VORTUSKS TOLD BY BOTH MOTHER AND
X daughter; truths. 1635 Hyde st. ..':..-
ME. SYtfiUJi; TELL- FKOM CKaDLK TO
grave: pictures giveu:ladies 25c: i*l4 O'FarrelL
R". B. BA.UMANN. BEST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant in the city. Residence 132 Turk st.
ISS NELSON, FROM NEW YORK, CARD
reader. ,- 120 a Eddy st, room 1. - . ,
\|ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
l\i business advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
ME. MORE AU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard st
ME. MABEL 1 WOODS, CLAIRVOYANT
and magnetic, Dealer. Room 8. 207 Post st r
MME. RAY BKNNETT-CARDS RKAD; MAG-
netic healing appclalty. J K.2. 122 Post, Ist floor.
MMX. HANSKN, PALMIST, CAKD-READER;
past, present mid future: 25c. 148 6th st, r. 5.
.MX. YOUNxThaS ARRIVED; CARD-
, reader; magnetic healer. 309 Sutter, room 3.
AiJ MX. LEUETTE — CLAIRVOYANT _ BUS.
1 advice-. 26c: one price. 1 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LA-
dl»s, 25c; gents, 60c. ! 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
me. : pearl, magnetic .healer:
lnckv palmist charms. ■ Room 2, 223 Post : si. ■
ME. HARBISON OF NEW YORK: CARD-
reader, magnetic healer. R. 17, 109 a Powell st.
■" ' ; ;*'b_|AKlTUALib_L.Y.';' [y '1-:
ME. f OSM A N,t TRANCE ; MEDIUM, ■ INJDE-
' pendent card-reader, life read ings, love aff,. lrs,
business investments, mining speculations. 838
Mission st v ;k. . -v r : '•■..-- ■. -. ■ '.■'..: r'^.-i '.'>•' -'
'JO/; MCALLISTER-MRS. C. J. r MEYER;
O_l) test meetings every night. 10c- Tue., Frl,
2 p. m. ; business glultigs;tranceclr.,'.'sc;Sat.evesl
M. FRANCIS, .INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer.: 118 Hatch. st ; hours 9 until 6 ph.
P.S. H.LLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGs.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues., Fri.. 2 P. _ 25c.'1b24 Market st.
hypnotism.
y^»^ti^m^cilcn > tTf7cXlTy^t^ui^tT
success Krtd.llvpnotlcMesmer!clns,6 O'Farreil
>; - ; i'KOl l-i>IoNAL ' C AItDS. .
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
J - -6 and 27, Crocker - buildup; ... telephone Mam
75.' fcan Francisco,, CaL -;,.•■; > ;■■ -. ;. ■,  r. , -/..;..
I OHN.K. AiTKKN' AN D MAURICE L. ASHEK
O auya »i law, rius 615,516, &t_ floor, Parrot bid* -
EDUCATIONAL.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches, '
electrical engineering: 20 teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st. ; expenses less, scholar-
better than elsewhere; teachers' preparatory
course free. '
YRESY THIS LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery st. ; ■ individual '• Instruction in
shorthand, . typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
life scholarship $50:- low -rates per week and mo. ;
NGiNEtKING SCHOOL: MECH..- ELKU,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archie X ray
taught 18 64. A. VAN PER NAILLKN.723 Mkt
"TriOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, BANJO:
* hall-hour lessons, 60c: hour, $1. PROF. D.
MANSFIELD, 1001 Market St., cor. Sixth.
IJOOKKEEPINii THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
Lj or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
1. ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-L> Private theatricals arranged; pupils reheanad
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mm
17! BENCH TAUGHT: NEW METHOD; PRO
X fessor direct from Paris. J., box 10, Call Office
/I UITAR, MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCA-
VX lessons. $3 ma Mary West hit us. 39 Fifth.
OSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. RE-
moved to Dononoe bldg.cor Market&Taylorsts.
UOOKKPNG, WRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
D day & night: no Classen; $5 month. 845 Mission.
AJIGHT SCUOOL-.HEALD'S BUS. COLLEGE: 24
_> Post ;conimerclal, shorthand, English rates.
ROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
INGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French.German languages :s2 mo. 109Tavlor,r7.
-OST.
OST— DARK BED COW, TIPfTOFTIoiS.NS
and tall cut, branded on - left hip, - white spot
on forehead; reward paid. JOHN ESCLOSES,
401 Naples au. Excelsior Homestead.
O-sT-BET. ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH,
on Market, purse containing money and Keys.
Finder will be liberally rewarded by returning to
1723 Market, off Halgbt. :
T OST— GOLD MEDAL WITH NAME J. C.
J-i SCULLY. Return to 5y 3 Harriet st
LOST— A CENTER ; PIECE, EMBROIDERED
in violets. Please return to 2001 . Eddy st.
OST— LADY'S WATCH AND ENAMELED
pin; $15 reward. PatnUtore, 22 Ellis St.
OsT— A PASSBOOK WITH TUE HiBEKNIA
Savings and Loan Society of «an Francisco,
in th* name of MARY TERESA CONLEY, Na
108,304. The tinder will please return to bank.
1 OST— A ROAN AIILCHCOW WITH HAIF
XJ horn cut of?. Finder pease return to s. v.
Homestead, bet. 4 and 5 .Mile Home, Mission road,
PETER TIKOB, and receive reward.
ost — badge for pkevextion of
Lost — badge for prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, No. 31. Return to Third
and Howard sts. S3Sf&XB
OST— GORDON SETTER, MOND VY,. DEC.
14. Liberal reward if returned to 3855 Twen:y-
first st., bet Noe ana Castro.
LOST— THE WAY HOME FROM THE
Columbia Theater, one Eastern Star pin.
Please return to this oilice and receive reward.
HORSES?
A(\ HORSES FOX SALE; ALSO WAGON*
'1" bugtriei, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 3.'7 Sixth st. : auction sales every VVedJM*
cay. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
fIUiK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS. 2^o VA-
■L lencla si., is the place to go it you want to buy,
tell or exchange horses, boggles, wagons or har-
ness, auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.'
t/wj SET NEW AND t>_CUN Li-MA-N v HAK-
:O\J\) ness; all kinds: buggy.wagon, carts, surrey
— rockaway; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
PL(| IiEAL- DRIVING A.M> WOKK. HOKSES;
O\J weizhfJOOO to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
"WAGONS AND tAKIUAO-ts.
r A^N^S^Sc^ND^HAN3^A^E^sTIiA~UN^
—V dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. '
XpOR SALE CHEAP, 1 LIGHT SIDE-SPRING.
-I wagon. 2912 Twenty-thud it.
GOOD SECOND-HAND LIGHT EXPRESS;
\X . new platform: laun^rv; cheap. 434 Broadway.
JrOlt SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ERAS' AND TUBES, Bxlo TO 18x22,
\J backgrounds, printing-frames, headrests, dark-
room tents and everything for gallery or outioor
work at give-away prices. THOMAS HOUSE-
WORTH, 1019 Sacramento st.
KITING-DESK, LONG tables, SHOW-
cases, cheap 769 Market st.; upstairs.
4) NATIONAL CASH REGISTERS (NICKEL):
— . 5 Hall safes, single and double doors: 150 show-
cases, all "sizes, nickel, oak.-walnut frames: fine
lot electric fixtures. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission st
OI.STEIN COW; JUST CALVED. RED
Flag, Six-mile station, San Bruno road. '•.*'■".?,.".
I^OR SALE— SECOND-HAND 4-CAN MILK
X delivery wagon; $18. Apply 159 Second st.
TrTcTIY HIGH-GRADE WHEELS: . '96
model: new and a few slightly used ; at a
special bargain to close out before January _
Call a: 400 Battery st
ICYCLES THAT WE WILL SELL B'r.FOKE
our '97 stock arrives, new and second hand, at
less thai auction prices: a rare opportunity for
Christmas purchasers: : call or send tor description.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO., 410 Mission st, cor. Ist
* T FACTORY WHOLESALE PRICE: — KAT-
_— tan chairs, rockers, stands and odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presents. Save you half by call-
in;; at once at Caliiornia Rattan Company, 61
First st, near Mission."
B"~ ARS, SCALES. MIRRORS, FRENCH
ranges>tc. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
ECOND-HANITsAFE; FIREPROOF; V-RY
O cheap. D. N. HAWLEY, 313 Market si.
PRINTING PRESS. TYPE! ET(I ; FINE
X Christmas present. HILL, 22V<i Geary, r. 39.
LINE JERSEY COW FOR SALE CHEAP;
X $25 if taken at once. Address HEIFER, box
21, call Office. . - : . * .-.- :
IGHEST PRICE PAID GENTs' 2D HAND
Clothing and dresses. FABIAN, 1020 Folsom.
VTATIONAL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
1' : der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
/COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
ON ARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS ARE
the best W. 8. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California
hARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, • SUELV-
ii Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
OILKRS,ENGINES,2I>HANI» MACHINERY
X> water-pipes. Mclntosh_ Wolpman. 137 Beale.
.NE SMALL MEUIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
lire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st
PROPOSALS.
for sr7pTLiEs~FOß~~Tirrc
X Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal.— November bO,
1896.— Sealed proposals, indorsed "Proposals for
Supplies for the Navy-yard, Mare Island. Chl-, to
be opened December 29, 1896," will be received at
the Bureau of Supplies Mid Accounts, Navy De-
partment, Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock,
noon, December 29,1896, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy-yard.
Mare I- fxiid, Cal., a quantity of burrs, washers,
rivets, dry goods, hardware, leather, metals, iron,
angle steel, rivet steel, sheet steel, iron Dlpe, brass
pipe, copper pipe, pipe fittings, steel • tubing, oars,
tools," suuar, tomatoes, ingot copper, slab zinc,
rolled zinc, tobin > ronze, lumber, broken atone,
brick, sand, sewer pipe, Portland cement and
paints. I In' articles must conform to toe navy
standard and pass the usual naval inspection.
Blank proposals will be furnished upon applica-
tion to ihe Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal.,
or the navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal. : Tie bids, all
other things bein* equal, decided by lot. The de-
partment reserves the right to waive defects or to
reject any or a.i bids not deemed advantageous to
the Government - EDWIN - STEWART, Pay-
master-General,' U. S. N. ' , .
ROPOSALS i OR SUPPLIES FOR VETER-
ans' Home Association.— Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion a: its office, room 13, 320 Sananme street,
San Francisco, California, up to 10 o'clock a. m.
Saturday, December 19, 1896, and opened imme-
diately there ifter in the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering quartermaster snd com-
missary supplies . for the Veterans'. Home. Napa
County, California (railroad station, Yountville),
for the six months commencing January 1, 1i:97.
and ending June 30, 1897. Schedules, with infor-
mation and Instructions for submitting b ds, will
be furnisued upon application by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully follow the .conditions of
these schedules, and no bid will b» considered un-
less it is In accordance with such schedules. - Each
bidder must accompany his I bid with a certified
Ota< ck upon some well-known and responsible
banking-Douse lor at least 10 - per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to J. C. Currier, treas-
urer, conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
good and valid contract upon notice of acceptance,
as required by law. Ibe board reserves the right
to reject any. or all bids and to order any quantity
over or under the amount specified. ; 
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Veterans'
Home Association, ■: room 13, ': 320  Sansome si., ;
San Francisco, California. . By order of the board
of directors. . y J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary. '
PROPOSALS FOR THE ERECTION OF A
brick scboolhouse. Office Board of Education,
San Francisco. December 12. 1896. ' In accordance
with a reso.ution adopted by the Board of Educa-
tion :of c the : City and County of San Francisco,
Sealed Proposals will be received by the I Superin-
tendent of Common Schools, In open session of I
the Boar 1 of Education, on Monday, December I
28, 1896, at 8:30 o'clock p. m.. ■■ for the ■ erection
and completion of a brick school building on a lot
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
streets, in said City and County, in accordance
with plans and I specifications, which may be seen
at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of said
board, room 55, Flood' building, southwest corner
Fourth and Market streets. Separate bids will be
received for (1) the building, exclusive of the
work for which special bids are ( required: for * (2)
heating anc ventilating, and f< r (3) plumbing aud
gasfitting. '-. Each bid must be accompanied by a
certified check as required by the I specifications.'
The party or parties to whom contracts may be
awarded will be quired prior to or at time of the
execution of the - contracts to pay their proportion
of the cost of advertising this no. ice in • three dally
papers : Blank r proposals ', furnished 'by: ihe
secretary. The < board \ reserves the right to reject
any or all bids, or am* portion ' of any . bid as the
public good may reaulre. ■ ■ ~. ,
GEORGE BEAN.STON. Secretary.
' _ :, CITY RE AL ESTATE.
TSEAL ESTATE
REAL FOR SALE BY
FOR SALE BY
. - ; - . THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP AND REDUCED PRICES.
4_l Fy f\(\f\ Rents 5125; NW. cor. SUT-
«JI J U.UW, teranciSco.tsts.; 37:6x100; store
and fiats. ■
qg-I jr»rAA AN OFFER WANTED ON AC-
iID J U.UUV.". count of foreclosure; NX corner
Waller and Lagunasts.: 110x137 :6;.l block from
Market st- 2 blocks from Valencia st-
VERY CHEAP: REDUCED TO $6000; 6TH
St.; 50x80 and 3-story building; . 3 stores be-
low and 6 Hats above; near Bryant 3-
•■\TERY CHEAP: REDUCED TO $1950: PA-
, Vcificave.; lots 27:6x100; facing into the Pre-
sidio; uuobstrucU-J. view.* .
<_1 Ann HAMPSHIRE ST., NEAR 23D;
,<Jpl_Ul/. house of 5 rooms ana lot 25x100. •/
©QQfIH FINE 2-STORY; 8 ROOMS, BATH,
<pOt?UU. etc.. and lot 25x114; N. side 231 St..
bet. Valencia and Guerrero; street accepted; cheap.
CUQQnn BUSH ST.. BET. MASON AND
*35 JOUU. Taylor: 25x137:6 and 3-story; 11
rooms and bath. ' . '
<)-Qnn COR. PIERCE AND FILBERT; 23x
t[pt/Uv/. 80; one block from Union-su cars.
C_99£fi COR. MISSION ST. AND RlCH-
tjp £.£iO\J . land aye.: 25x100; electric-cars pass;
street sewered; easy terms.
©9Qfin NE. COR. WEBSTER AND HERR-
tJpZiOUv/. mannsts.; 37:0'x87:6: easy terms.
C»Op;An «5xlOO; 23D ST., BET. MISSION
.OvU. aud Howard; street accepted.
c_9r;nn EACH: OAK ST., N. side; 2 LOTS
«3D_.tJUv/ 25x137:6; bet. Broderlcx and Baker.
lIBERTY ST., BET. VALENCIA AND GUER-
J rero; 25x114, and 2-story, 6 rooms and bath;
price reduced to 4-3500, and offer wanted; fine
view. •• ' . . ■ »; v r !il
ffiJQOnfk NE. COR. I) ST. AND 21ST AYE.,
npOilUU. facing the park; D at. graded and
macadamized; tine view of ocean and headlands.
LOT 50X100 AND COITAUE, $600; $50
down: *10 monthly. PATTE _ CO.,
2 Valencia st. • . .
VICE 4- ROOM COTTAGE, NEW, ON BERNAL
l^i Heigh for sale cheap. Apply 230 Gates st.
GOOD barTTains ix lots. a. l. 'I ODD",
507 Sixteenth St., Oakland.
cTbemis. . •••...•-.
. real ESTATE and LAND agent,
324 MONTGOMERY st.
. .;>,.'■--■•. .. FOR SALE..., :■ •'»
$2600— E. side of Stanyan st, bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
; 8450— Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
' 5Ux127 :6 feet on Jacksou St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.'
$6000—2 modern bouses of 8 rooms each at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses:
make offer. .
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Colo and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. -
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st. -. 109x95 ft.
<&<_»' r\t\ 4 LOIS WITH IMPROVEMENTS
tjpOuU'J. that cost $3700, or will take unim-
proved San Francisco rroperty as part pay; must
be clear. SCRIBNER * CO., 7 City Hall aye.
COU>'TKY KEA_ —STATK.
Add SUITABLE FOR CHICKEN OR HOG
«j!_UU. rancb: house 3 rooms, lo:. stable and
well of water; Colma, San Ma.co Co. Apply Grey
Hound saloon. MaRTIN KELLY, Mission road,
near 6-Mile House.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale by H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, San Francisco,
MARIN CO. ; 3000 acres: 26 miles from city;
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit; $40 to $75 per acre; terms to
suit- SYNDICATE INVT CO., 65 Chronicle bldg.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
— — the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered in Alameda county in small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, 1 1/2 hours from San Fran-
cisco; price $20 to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
must sell; title perfect; investigate. 67 Chroni-
cle building. '•'.■;
ITTLE HOMES. close To TOW«; im-
proved: easy terms: also 4 to- 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Mark*! s£., S. F.
MEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United Stales or Canada one year for $150, post-
as free. :
GARLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAX. ESTATE.
<2>7P:TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
O I O lots in the town of Fiichburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oaklaud, on the Haywards
and San LearJro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes -from Oakland; electric-cars every
few minutes; terms, to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. i.UNKLE, owner, 916JA Washington su,
Oakland, Cat. ' • , ; .- ; . .
IpiNK HOME .TO BE SACRIFICED; RE-
duced from $6500 to $4000 that it may be sold
at ouce: 8 rooms and bath: AI neighborhood. Par-
ticulars on application. A. H. BRE_D & CO., 460
Ninth su. Oakland. . . . ;-. ,
ttfj 1 Ey(\ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHBIM IN
tjpXOyJ. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PIN KY. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
bW'^vT_L^PlND_riPEW I £_rrtGi_"DESlßA-
ble rooms at The Raymond; south and east
front: single and en suite; prices with boar 1, $50
to $60 per couple; 668 Twelfth St., bet. Clay aud
Jefferson. Add res <R. S. YOUNG.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
alameda kea_ estate.
IS READY~FOR~YOTL
L Call and see us and do a little figuring: we
will prove to you that we can make you the owner
of a small or large cheap or expensive bouse and
that you can save each month what you pay in
rent. Here's a bargain; $3.50; handsome cot-
tage of 8 rooms and bath; latest design: brick
mantel: open plumbing: corner lot, 50x100; easy
terms. Something new: $1:850; artistic cottage
of 6 rooms and batn; moutrn Improvements;
bick mantel: large lot, 67 feet front use; near
Grand-st. station. M A KCUsE & REMMEL. Bay
st. station (broad gauge), Al:imeda; 628 Market
St., San Francisco; office open Sundays and holi-
days.
<J»i)OA/V COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMYS AND
ijf£O\J\>. lath: ' new : and modern; lar^e lot;
convenient to can; terms, $300 cash and $25 per
month. JO->iiPH A. LEONARD CO., 1364 Park
St., Alameda.
ALAMEDA. HOUSES TO LET.
/"IOMPLETELY" PURNI-HED HOUSE OF 9
\J rooms: all modern improvements: prettleit
location In Alameda; . reference required. 917
Grand st., Morton station. . .
i;i.i;ia;i.Ki EKAL ESTATE.
ffljl A"A OWNER SIcK: MUST. LEAVE
(ipl\Ji)U. Berkeley: house rooms: : lot IOOx
125: near station; bargain, . JOSEPH* -MASuN,
Borke:«-v stftiion. - : : •
SAN RAFAEL COTTAGE.
COTTAOKTOLET-6 ROOMS; BATH; LARGE
\J grounds. Particular! at CXI.M & CO.'S, 118
Montgomery at
; i'KOfEKTV, IO EXtJUAN'-E.
OR~KXCHAN«E FOR^SA^ FiTaNCIsVSo
property; modern 10-room house, and lot 56.x
118: close to business center In Oakland; value
$6600. WBl. J. DINGEE, 4t>o Eighth sU, Oakland.
V OR EXCHANGE FOR SMALL FARM NEAR
X LosGatos; nice modern 6-rocm cottage and
stable: lot 50x150: well ate.i in East Oaklaud;
value $4500: mortgage $1700 at 8 per cent WM.
J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth St., Oakland.
l)yl/\-A CUE RANCH IN 1-XvJIIANGh; FOrl
_. _U business in city. THOMAS & CO., 33 Sixth
St., room 18. ■ - -
"DOOMING- HOUSES. RESIDENCE P..OP-
XV erty, lots and ranches to exchange. .UNDER.
WOOD _ CO.. 76* Market st. :
UK.M) FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HUJIW
0 for sale. ■ W POSTER - WHITTO.V. San Jose.
miMßEß— laaO ACR-S; KKiIN CO.: PLENTY
1 water: excellent stock ranch.: N.. box 16. Call.
■ LEGAL NOTICES. ~~~
■\TOTICE TO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF NA-
±l THAN DAVIDSON, deceased. Notice is
hereby given; by the undersigned. REBECCA E.
DAVIDSON, administratrix -of , toe estate of
NATHAN DAVIDSON, deceased, to the cred-
itors of and all persons having claims against the
»ald deceased to exhibit them, with ihe necessary
vouchers, within four months alter the first pub-
lication of this notice, to the said REBECCA K.
DAVIDSON, it place of residence. No. 564 Penn-
sylvania avenue, San Franci«co, Cal., the same be-
ing her place for the transaction of the busine-s of
the said estate in the city and County of tan Fran-
cisco. state of California. , ' * • .-':•;• •
■t REBECCA K. DAVIDSON, Administratrix of
the Estate of NATHAN DAVIDSON. Deceased.
:• Dated at San Francisco, Nov. 27. 1896.
HOTELS. '/
B~~ROOKLY jr^'oTELr~2oB^2l2 BUSH~£t^
board and room $1 to '$2 per day, $6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 ; cents to $1: ■ suite
rooms for family $1 10 SI 50 per night: I first-class
service; free coacb, CHARLES MONTGOMERY, j
MONKV TO LOAN.
C_Qnn f\r\(\ AT 61 /a per cent on city
<JpOUU."UU real estate: also Oakland, at bank
rates; estates In probate: any sum. >HAI.\'\VALD,
BUCKBEE _ CO., 218 and 220 Montgomery sU
A DVANCES ON- DIAMONDS, WATCHES^
A jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELII*
STORE, 948 Market st, : open evenings. '
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate: •■ furniture and pianos ' without reuiov_L
McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery SI., room 3. '
WISE AND SAVE INT_R_ST— MONEY
loaned on '■ very thing. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
IKECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no de;avs; no commissions; low
Interest. Km. 68. lionohu- . bide. 1170 Market su
<£Q9P. AAA AT RANK RATES; IsTAND
<S>O^.O.\J\J\J ad moruaites. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as iow as $50. H. MURPHY. 82M .Market st.
ON FUR* ITURKANU PIANOS: WARRANTS
cashed. .-CRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall aye.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEWELRY.KTO
Columbia Loan i < ollateral Office, 9 tyrant aye.
PRIVATE PaiL'lY LOANS ON ANY OOOli
X security; low interest. N., box 15. Call Office.
A NY AMOUNT: LOWEST HATE: IST _2D
_tl mortgage: flat or Installment. Drvden. 535 Cal.
I'AWXBKOK—KS.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OF?
clothing. -Cosmopolitan I.onn Office, 49 Third.
MAKHIACK L.IOKXSJES.
.
The following 'marriage licenses have been
lssut-d by the County Clerk's ofiice:
C. F. Meviusanl Pauline Fesler. 24—19.
George Herman and Winnie Lester. 59—57.
Charles W. Smyth and Ella I. Mahoney. 25—17.
Charles H. Jones aud Annie HenV ran, 39—39.
James Rowo and Henna A. Mi-rk, -.'3-19.
D. P. Toole and Ida L. O'Mcara. 39-39
Joseph Lan;ley and Mary Dally, 19—38-
C. T. Ingram and Maude C. Linvi.le. 23— 2 a
Wlllla-m Muniiand Elizabeth D. Kowier, 42— 27.
LiKTHS-— MARRIAGES— DEATIII
rßirth, marrlace and death notices dent hr null
will not be inserted. They must be banded in a*.
either of the publication offices and be lndorssJ
witntua name and residence Of persons _utuoru<i4
10 have liit; name published.]
BOKJf.
JOHNSTONE— Tn thij city, Dscamber 16. 1898,
to the wife of 11 M Johnstone, a son.
SPADER -In this city. December 10, 1893, to the
wife of Charles Spader, a daughter.
VERNON— In this city, December 2. 1895.. to the
wife o( Howard Vern-jn, a daughter.
3IAUKIKD. ;■■.;
DUFF— KlNG— December 37. l«m. by the Rev.
R. H. sink, Georga Harry Duff and Elizabeth
Kin?, bath of Stockton. • -
HINRIi. US-FLEMING — December 17. 1898,
Gusiav Hlnricbs and Kathertae Montgomery
Fleming. ...
HINZ- WHITE— In this city, December 17, 1898,
by the Rev. W. C. Pond, August J. ' Hinz ana
Nellie A. White.
JONES— HEFFERAN-In this city, December
17, 189 d, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Charles 11.
Jones of It tie Lake, Amador County. CaL, ana
Annie HenVran of san irrancisco.
PEARCE— HOWE— In this civ. December 16.
IS9*. by :he Rev. .'Dr. E. R. Dille, Dr. Clarence
H. Peaice of WatsonviUe, Ca!., and Laura E.
Howe of .-nnta Cruz. Cal.
_»x_O.
Blanken. Henry Powers. Margaret L.
Brown, Frank • Rocker, John C.
Brown. Mary E. Ryan, William
Cunningham, Rosa M. Schooley, Feddy A.
Deegao, William Stuhr. Henry
Donovan, Maggie svoboda. Anna
KulawsKa, Pauline Swenriagen, Van
Lungevln, Maxima Tarpey. Theresa
McCarty, John L. Vlts, Pauline
Parsons. Mm. a M. « Ward. Peter
Peterson, August Woodfield, Mary J. :
BLANKEN— In this city, December 16.. 1898,
Henry, beloved husband of Augns'a Blanken,
and father of Henry and Willie li, anken, a na-
tive or Hanover, uer man y. aged 36 years 4
months and 3 days. A member of Germain*
Club.
OTFrlends and acanalntancni are respect-
fnllv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. _.. irom the par-
lors 01 H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth, thence to Germania Club Hall, 421
Foil s:rtet, whero funeral services will beheld,
commencing at 2 o'c.ock p. _. lniermenc I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, December 18. 1593. Frank
Brown, a native of Germany, ageJ 45 years.
BROWN— In this city. December 18. 1896. Mary
Ellen Brawn, beloved daughter of Chattel ii.
. and Mary Ellen Brown, n native of San Fran*
cisco, aged 4 year t and 4 days. -
CUNNINGHAM — In Oakland. December 17.1896.
. Rosa Mary Cunningham, a native of .Oaklaud.
aged 1 mouth.
DEEGAN— In this city, December 17, 1896. Wil-
. liam, beloved husband of Dclii Dee 4 an, a native
' of tbe parish of Ameo, Queeus County, Ireland,
»ged 45 v«*_r-i. ." • ■ . -
jß»"Frli-nds • and acquaintances aro - respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKO.V
(Sunday).- at 7:30 o'clock a. it., from K. 8.8.
liali. Aiason and O'Farrell t>treeis. thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a requiem
. high mass will be celebrated tor the repose of his
soul, commencing at 8 o'clock a. _, Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . .
8. P. A. of A.— Members of Unity Alliance No.
14, St. Patrick's Alliance of America, are hereby
■ ' notified to assemble at K. K. B. il ail at 7 o'clock
a. m sharp, to attend the funeral of our late
: brother, William Deegan. ' '
JOHN J. FLYNN, President.
DONOVAN— Tn this city. M aggie, beloved daugh-
ter of John Djtiova:i, and sister of Tom. Minnie,
Joe and the late Julia and Johnnie Donovan,
a native of Sau Francisco, aged 19 years. [San
Joie papers please copy. J
" 4^Frten<ti anJ acquaintances art" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-.MORRO W
: (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from . her la:«
res.deace, 519b Bran:. an street. ■ .
KULAWSKA— In this city. December 15, 1896,
' Pauline Kulawska,be!ovel who of Teonl Kulaw-
skl. a native of Poland, a^ed 23 year*.
JSSfFrlends and acauauu.inco4 *r~ refiDsc*.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
• (Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. — .. from the par-
lors of Gantner & Guntz, S and 10 City Hall
square. Members of Polish societi.-s aie in-
viiei. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANGKVIN— On board the steamer Arcata, De-
cember 16, 1898, Maxima Lan^evin, a native of
Canada, aged 63 years.
MCCARTY— At Potter Station, West Berkeley,
December 16. 1896. John L. McCarty, a native
of New Orleans, aged 54 years.
PARSONS— In this city, December 17, 1836, Mr*.
S. M. Parsons, beloved wife of Dr. s. c. Parsons
. of Savannah, Ga., a native of Maine, aged 60
years.
CS"Frlenfli and aranaintance* nr» resrteot-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS -DAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from the par
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment 1. O. O. If. Cemetery.
PETERSON— In the City and County Hospital.
December 18, 13915, August Peterson, aged 60
. years. ■=..;,. , . ■ . . ■■ '■-
POWERS-In Oakland. December 13. 1896, Mar-
garet Leonard Powers. * native of Illinois, aged
27 years 9 months and 16dayi.
ROCKER— In this city, December 18. 1533, John
Chester. Rocker, a native or San Francisco, aged
6 months and -a days. . .
AN— ln the City and County Hospital, De-
cember 18, 1893. William Ryan, a?ed 48 years.
SCHOOLEY— In this city. December 18. 1898.
Feddy Ann schoolev, dearly beloved mother of
K. L. Schooley and Mrs. B. Brace of Wisonsin.
a native of Pennsylvania, aged (34 years 8
months and 6 days.
83" Friends and acquaintances ant respect-
.fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. _, from her late
residence. 808 Po.rero avenue. . iniwmej.
I Mount Olivet Cemetery.
STUM In this city, December 17. 1896. Henry,
beloved husband of the late Ellen fetuhr, and
father of Annie Stubr and Mrs. C. W.'O'Brl-n,
a native of Germany, aged 68 years 5 months
and 9■* -y- k_ll_Wl . ... -
j9S~Friendi and acquaintance* urn respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
- (Sunday), at 11 o'clocx a. m.. from his late resi-
uence. '2014 Tavlor street, thenue to* Alcazar
building-. 116 O'Farrell street, where services
will be nelu under ihe auspices or Burns Lodge
No. 68, A. O. U. W. lUveriuoui. I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. '• .
BVOBODA— In this city, December 18. 1838.
Anna, beloved wife of Iran k Svoboua, and
mother of August Svoboda. a native ,of Bo-
hemia, aged 41 years.
SWEAP.INGEN— In this city, December 14,1891.
: Van Sweariugen, a native of Kentucky, aged 75
years 11 months and 14 days. .:,
TARPEY— In this city. .December. 16, 1893.
Theresa Tarpey, a native of Montana, a^o.l 18
years.
VITS— In thin clt-. December 17.1896, Pauline,
dearly beloved wife of Jacob Vita, a native of
Germany. itKdJ 61. years 3 months and 24 days.
03~Frlends " an i acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral* THIS DAY
(Saturday), at ; 1 o'clock p. _ from her. late
residence I*4l Mission street , near Ninin. In-
terment Mouu: Olivet Cemetery. ?^3B|P S^iS
WARD— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 18, 1896, Peter Ward, aged 68 years. -
WOODFIKLD— In this city, December 18. 1H93,
Mary J.. be.oved wife of WMiain "H. Woodfleld,
mother of Albert "•Vim - an! Charles Wsodfield,
daughter of Mrs. . Julia Simmons, sister of
Thomas ; and ' William Simmons and Mrs. U.
liopKi'is. a native of San Fraucisco, aged 30
ye:trs 9 months and 16 days.
Friends' and acanatnißncAi are- r»">r-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
• (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. _ from the par-
lors .of Haisted ;& . Co., 046 Mission ».r.-*i.
-. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric-
car from Eizht^enth and Guerrero streets.
' A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIBECTORS _ EMBA LII
SO fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. .
— — ~^ —^ — — i — — — ■_^____— _> .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY.
SAN I MATEO ; COUNTY: i NEAREST C-M _>
tery 10 the city; non-sectarian ; in no sea Met- 1
elusive; location : unexcelled. - Oi_ca btf7 MU4O
\
1314
ECHOES OF THE
LONG GREEN FIGHT
Both Pugilists and Their
Trainers Are Still in
Town.
Friends Will Give a Compli
mentary Benefit to Fitz
simmons.
Programme of Interesting Turns Sug
gested for the Affair — The
Division of the Purse.
Wyatt Earp and his patron and em
ployer, Long Green Lawrence, are happy.
They pot away with the job put up to
bunco Prize-tighter Fitzsimmons — ana the
end may not be yet.
The garnishments which kept the purse
in chancery amount to not more than
$3000. This will leave $7000. According
to the testimony of Trainer Billy Smitti
Earp is to receive $2500. Then it is to be
presumed that General Barnes' fee will
not be less than $1000 for his eloquent de
fense of public morals and his scathing
denunciation of that brutal exhibition
known as a prize-light. He succeeded in
convincing the court that his client,
tharkey, had committed a felony, and
that he himself by attending the fight as
a spectator, was a law-breaker. But he
appeared at the fight as a private indi
vidual, whereas, in court he was in the
role of a lawyer, supporting and urging
the enforcement of the iaw. That was
easily worth $1000. It was reported that
Manager Lynch was to get $3000. That
would leave $500 to compensate Sharkey
ior receiving ttie cauliflower ear and the
poKe in the stomach, and to pay Drs. Lee
and Racan for their services.
If Earp gets $2500 he should cive Long
Green Lawrence at least $1000 foninduc
jng Gibbs and Groom to appoint nim
referee.
Civic Federation talk: has evidently had
very little effect on the principals of the
Jate gladiatorial liasco, for rxuh Fitz and
bbarkey, their managers and seconds are
fctill iv town. Sharkey still holds forth in
ail that splendor of blue suit and brass
buttons at the Windsor, and Bob at the
Baldwin attired in clerical carl).
Julian s-aid yesterday that he is yet un
determined about when the party will go
East. He doesn't intend to be "bluffed"
out of the City, anyway.
In regard to' the kinetoscope proposition
he didn't care to say much. If CorDett
was satisfied he and Fitzsimmons were
also. Nothing on their part should inter
fere with the contest.
Julian feel 3 pretty sore over the manner
in which the Cornishman was robbed. He
admits as much, but tiie fact that Sharkey
will get so little of the purse acts as a
scouring lotion to his indignation.
Several gentlemen interested in the
manly art have apuroached Julian with a
proposition to give Fitzsiinmons a com
plimentary benefit before he leaves for the
East. The pugilist and his manager say
iliat they are not in need find do not caro
to accept a complimentary benefit, but
when it was represented that the affair
was intended as a testimonial of ad
miration for the prowess of Mr. Fitzsim
mons Julian consented to take the matter
under advisement until this afternoon. If
the benefit takes place at all it will be held
in Woodward's Pavilion. Fitzsimmons
will give an exhibition of boxing and
there will be many other interesting feat
ures.
It has been suggest n d that the following
programme would insure a packed house:
Living pictures — Colonel Kowalfcky en
joying an esthetic snore.
Long Green Lawrence balancing a $10,000
sack of gold on hi* chin.
Wyatt Earp illustrating the method of
getting the drop on a prize-tiehter.
General Barnes convincing the court
that his client, Sharkey, had committed a
felony.
Dr. Lee's exposition of the value of io
dine in prize-ring surzery.
Manager Lynch explaining why he
worked for Sharkey for nothing.
Willie Hearst explaining why tbe Jour
nal blows hot and tne Examiner blows
cold on the fight.
Jake Raver lecturing on the necessity
ol having strong strings to a purse.
Other equally interesting features could
be introduced. But even the few attrac
tions suggested here would be sufficient to
pack tbe pavilion.
The Civic Federation will meet next
Monday, but it is not expected that any
steps will be taken to secure indictments
by the Grand Jury. Th« federation al
lowed the Corbett and other prize-fights
to go on without protest, and it is not
likely that it will prove inconsistent with
its course by creating trouble now, after
the death-warrant of boxing-matches in
this City has been read.
Charles Wesley Reed, formerly the legal
adviser of the federation, resigned aoout
three months ago, when the federation j
declaied its intention of puttine a ticket
of it« own in tbe field to be voted for at
the Xovemoer election. He saw in the
proposition a fatal blow at the usefulness
of tne federation.
He said yesterday that he had been one
of a committee appointed by the federa
tion to commit a misdemeanor by attend
ing the Corbett fighc for the purpose oi
acquiring the knowledge necessary for a
report upon the wickedness of pugiiism.
Mr. Reed enjoyed the bout immensely,
and the committee reported that it was a
most interesting spectacle and altogether
humane, neither of the pugilists having
been maimed for life or killed. The fed
eration dropped the matter then and
there and has allowed several prize
lights to be held here since that time.
HE HAS KILLED TEN MEN.
"Lone Green" Lawrence's Body
guard Record of Slaughter In
Arizona.
Wyatt Earp, the bodyguard of "Long
Green" Lawrence, managing editor of the
KEW TO-SAT.
Came Off
I had an obstinate skin disease, called Eczema.
My body, head, and arms were covered with
spots like drops of mortar, which came off in
layers of dry scales. I suffered for over a year
without relief, consulted several doctors with-
out aid, and had almost given up hope. I saw
an advertisement about Chticcra Remedies;
took them, and in eight week* I was as well as
ever, for my skin is as nice and clear as a baby's.
GEO. REABURN, Hanover, Ontario, Canada.
Spkedy Curb Treatment. — Warm baths
•with Cuticura Soap, gentle applications of Cc-
ticura (ointment), the great Skin Cure, exter-
nally, and mild doses of 'Juticuka Resolvent,
greatest of humor cures. . '
Sold throughout the world. Price, Ccticcra, SOe.i
Soap. 2S<-..; Rksolvfht. «0c and $1. Fottkk Drug
and Chem. Coup., Sole Fropi..' Boston. -
«ar "iiuw to Cur* Every Skin -Ueue,** milled fret.
Examiner, is a wonderful individual. His
remarkable career is being told and retold
throughout every hamlet, village and city
of these united States, and the exchanges
reaching this City bring new recitals daily
of his man-killing deeds.
Alfred H. Lewis, who writes for W. K.
Hearst's other scandalous paper, the New
York Journal, and whom the Examiner
recently published as "a man amont men
who knew men,'' has written much of
Wyatt Earp since the robbery of Fitzsini
mons. Tuls knowledge of Earp is irom
personal contact witli and study of thj
oully. Here are a lew extracts of Mr.
Lewis' opinion of "Long Green" Law
rence's associate and protector:
In the early eighties I was a neighbor of the
Earp family. Tiiey abode at Tombstone, Ariz.,
and did much toward making tnat hamlet a
thrilling place of residence-.
Wyatt Earp is one of four brothers, two of
whom, Julian and Warren Earp, are happily
dead and out. 'itie lour Earp brothers were
iibuudant about Tombstone in ISBI, 1882 and
1883. The community in 1883 assumed a
positive altitude toward ihe Eurps, ana pre
bcuted a front to tl'at .'lousehoid, liit.de up in
tne main of Winchesters and Colt six-shooters.
The Earps cui.struect this into a lack of con
liaence on the part of tne Tombstone public.
They resented it by shaking the dust of Tomb
stou-3 from their feet forever. They migrated
to the (Junnisou country. They were subse
quently run out of Gunuisou, and Wyatt and
Virgil Earu went to California, wnere Wyatt
tne otner 'night refereed the Fitzsimmous-
Snarkey light.
The lour Earps were named respectively
Virgii, Wyatt, Warren and Julian. 1 hey had
a sister, Jes>ie, who was with them in Tomb
stone. Of her, as novelists say, anon.
Virgil whs the oldest Earp. Wyatt the
wi>e<t, Warren the most foolhardy, Julian the
bravest and Jessie ihe most loving. As a re
suit Wvatt and Virgil lived to get out of
Tombstone, and the Utinnison in advance of
public opinion and the bullets that expiessed
it; while Warren was killed in Tombstone and
Julian in the Gunnison by Ike Clan ton, who
married his sister Jessie, and whom Wyatt
nnd Virgil subsequently killed at Socorro— and
Jessie, the lovhik one, wedded Ike Clan ton,
witn w'>om her iour brothers had a blood leva
at tlie time.
Wyatt Earp, and, fer thut matter, all the
Eaijis, were gun-fighters and men oi prompt
and bitter courage. Wyatt Earp himself is
credited with ten men; one his own brother
in-law, Clamon. Every one of the Earps had
killed his men— noi man— and whs famed in
Tombstone and the Cochi-e country round
about as qualified to pull and make a. center
shot in less than ono-ienth oi a second. They
had all filed the sights irom their Kix-snooiers
when 1 knew them in '81 and 'S2; and,
eschewing the intervention of a trigger, were
prone to that prowess known ns "lanning"
their pistols in a tight, whereby a Coil's six
shooter becomes for the nonce a miniature
(Jailing.
Mr. Lewis has an interesting anecdote
to tell of Earp and his friends and a like
cias3 of ruffians who were their enemies.
He publisaes it thus:
It was a gala occasion in the Bird Cage
Opera-house in Tombstone. Sheriff Jiuimy
liehan, Ike (. lunton, Ringo and others ot the
cow-tnieves had boxes on one side, 'ihe
Earj.s, Curly Bill, Doc Holliday, Nixon and
others of the stage-robbers had boxes opposite.
When o;ie aide caeered a performer the others
hissud, aud as whisky flowed the spirits of
both gausts mounted.
AtUsi Ike Clanton took umbrage because
Nixon opposite reposed his boot on the rail of
his box. ClaatOD was too far nway for con
versation, so in testimony oi his condemna
tion of Nixon's tciion, he pulled his gun and
put a buliet through Nixon's one us ive foot.
It came off the box rail.
.Much good aud enthusiastic shooting en
sued. Twelve men were killed and wounded;
none oi the Earps, however. Williams, ihe*
confederate of Virgil and Wyatt Ettrp in
stage robbing, was badly shot up. He
expected to dl<; aud confessed. At this Wyatt
Earp and his three brothers, with others of the
gang, fortified themselves in an old 'doby
house on the edge of Tombstone. Behan and
tne' cow-thieves put in what lime they could
spare from laro bank and theft in besieging
them. The siege was a stand-off. At last War
ren Earp— the loolhardy one— heeled himself
and came down from the 'doby fortress to play
laro bank. lie had just set a stack of blues on
the king open when a cow-thief listlessly put
a bullet through his head.
Thus died the first of the Earps. There was
no more fighting then, and at last the Earps
were driven out of Tombstone aud Into the
(Junnison. Their sister Jessie went with them.
Ike Clnnton, one of the Democrats ai d cow
thieves, followed them to Colorado and eloped
with Jessie. This was too much for the .Re
publican stage-robbing blood of Wyatt Earp
and his brotners. They pursued. They ran
Clanton and his bride into a mine tunnel.
The miners interfered. There must be fair
play. Ike Clanton offered to tight Virgil, Wyatt
or Julian Earp for their s-ster. Julian took it
up. The two shot it out with pistols and Julian
wss killed.
Tnus died the second Earp. Ike Clanton and
Jessie (nee Earp), lived iv peace two years.
Then Wyati Earp, Virgil Earp and Curly Bill
crossed up with Clanton. and there was an
other feast of the guns. Clanion was Killed
and took with him Curly Hill to the happy
hunting grounds. Wyatt Earp, when the
smoke blew away, wasalsofull of well-made
bullet-holes, but he got well.
It was then that Wyattand Virgil Earn lined
out for the slope. Just be;ore theyleit Tomb
stone the Earps killed the two McLiwries, hilly
Clantou and Frank Snllwell. It was these
killings rather than the Wells-Kargo hold-ups
that caused the puollc to lay lor them. Wyatt
Earp was prominent— with his gun— in the
Cochise couuty-seiit war between Tombstone
and Charleston of long ago.
His last public appearance in a gun play
was in the middle eighties, when Mayor Kelly
ran Luke Short out of Dodge City, and the
fugitive Luke summoned Wyatt Earp, Doc
Holliday, Charley Bassett, Bat Musterson and
Shotgun Collins to aid him in the recovery of
)ils own. They reinstated Luke and he and
Kelly divided Dodge City between them.
Is it a wonder, then, that Wyatt Earp
was selected as the most daring ana brazen
rascal to do the bidding of Sharkey and
the other shaiks of his entourage? A man
of nerve was required to boldly face an
audience of 10,000 people or more and
calmly decide contrary to all rules of right,
and actually rob a man of $10,000.
But this man is not through yet with
such a flagrant steal. Hib very boldness
and effron.erv have rushed him into a po
sition where he may have to face a charge
of perjury based upon his testimony given
before Judge Sanderson on Tuesday last.
He was undergoing crosß-examination
by Attorney Kowalsky, and in regard to
matters thut transpired in the ring within
view of the thousands of spectators who
shouted tliem*elves hoarse in calling his
attention to them he denied seeing any
fouling by Sharkey, or even of hearing
Martin Julian address the house saying
that he objected to Earp as a referee be
cause he was reported "fixed' 1 to give the
fight to Sharkey.
Here is the testimony as taken down by
a stenographer:
Q.— Did you see Sharkey on several occa
sions, when they clinched, grab Fitzsiinmons
by the leg.
A.— No, sir; never. If Mr. Sharkey had
caught Mr. Fitzsimmons *by the legs and
wanted to throw him he could have thrown
nim plumb off the stage, and anybody knows
that.
Q.— At the time when we claim that Sharkey
not once, but half a dozen times, caught Fitz
simmons around tne Jegs and tried to throw
him, did you not hear the audience holler,
"Shame! Foul!"
A. — No, I did not. Sharkey never caught
Fitzsirnmons around the legs "at all. Neither
did he foul Flizrtmmons in any way during
the contest. Fitzsimmons was fouling Sharkey
all the time.
Q— You were in the ring, were you not,
wliei; Mr. Julian went to the ropes accompa
nied by Jordan, and w ho quieted the audience,
and when Julian made home talk to the peo
ple there?
A. — I think so; yes, sir.
Q.— Did you hear him say that they under
stood that the referee was crooked aud that
they did not expect a fair decision, and that
they could not proceed with the contest un
less they nad a lair referee, or auy similar
statement?
A.— No, sir; I did not. I did not hear him
open his mouth on that plntform.
Q.— Did you see him walk first to the east or
Lark in-street end of ihe ring, accompanied by
Mr, Jordan, who held his hand up for silence,
alter which Mr. Julian addressed the audience?
A.— No, fir; I did not. I heard Mr. Jordan
made ail this statement, but not Mr. aulian.
Mr. Jordan was master of ceremonies, and he
was the man that made this declaration to that
eflect.
It is not likely that "Long Green" Law
rence's bodyguard will be able to dodge a
Grand Jury indictment in the premises as
he dodges bullets in Arizona.
Governor Budd'a Denial.
Governor Budd has emphatically denied
that he intends making any changes in the
personnel of the Board of Health, as has been
stated. He expresses himself as satisfied with
the present administration of the department,
the members ot the board being his anpointees.
All of the physicians deny having received any
intimation thtt they are to be remove!.
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, at greatly reduced
prices; building to be removed. 0 and 7 liur dst
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896.
MEN WHO TRAVEL
OVER THE STATE
They Propose to Care for
Their Aged and
Indigent.
Commercial Tourists Who Have
a Noble Purpose in
View.
Under Their Auspices a Grand Fair
Will Be Held in the Pavilion
Next Year.
There are four orders of traveling sales
men on this coast, and an effort is being
made by the Pacific Coast Commercial
Travelers' Association to have them com
bine early next year for the purpose of
charity to themselves and theirs.
Tne idea is to nold a fair in this City
sometime in April or May, 1897, say, at
the Mechanics' Pavilion, after the pattern
cut out by the Eastern association, whose
fair at Madison Garden, New York, was
held up to two weeks aeo. That social
assembly was to raise $150,000 to build a
home for the aged and indigent commer
cial travelers, and the business world
turned out to assist in the affair. It was
an overwhelming success.
OFFICERS OF THE ASSOCIATION.
The local affair has no such high aims
as the Eastern travelers had, still the
coast travelers want to raise sufficient
money to endow beds in every hospital on
the Pacific Coast, so that the unfortunate
or improvident commercial man may be
sure of proper care should he be taken ill
at any place away from his home.
This Is a beautiful sentiment which the
association wishes to put into practice.
Ben Schloss, one of the directors of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Asso
ciation, has been traveling through the
East to strengthen himself in the details
of the fair held there, so as to inculcate its
best elements into the one to be held here.
At the annual meeting to be held Decem
ber 31 in the Columbia Theater, Mr.
Schlosß will tel! all he learnea, and one of
the first requirements of the candidates
for election as directors will be to work
out the "hospital endowment" proposi
tion. Committees will be appointed to go
ahead with the affair, and their reports
will bo made on the last Saturday of Jan
uary at the Grand Hotel.
There is probably no institution wider
in scope in this State than is the conglom
eration of travelers' associations. The
Pacific Coast Travelers' Association (in
corporated) organized fourteen years ago.
It disorganized after six years and a new
organization was incorporated July 15,
1891. The latter is the largest ever formed
on this coast and numbers nearly 1000
members.
The United Commercial Travelers' A
ssociation in Columbus, Ohio, has several
strong organizations in this State.
There are also the two branches of the
Travelers' Protective Association, whose
members are rapidly increasing. This is
purely a business institution, the mem
bers carrying $10,000 insurance policies
each and are entitled to siclc benefits.
Four months ago the San Francisco trav
elers organized as a distinct institution.
All these concerns, singly and col
lectively, are made Dp of tne cleverest and
brainiest men in social and business cir
cles. Wherever they go they carry sun
shine and prosperity, for no place ever
prospered or was happy where the com
mercial man has not opened his sample
cases.
They propose now to do something for
their sick and indigent workers who have
fallen by the wayside while toiling, that
they may be cared for comfortably in
their old age. There is no doubting that
the fair to be held here will be encourag d
by liberal patronage when the time coiues
for it to be held.
DEATH FROM A HEADACHE.
Mrs. Christopher JMed Under Peculiar
Circumstances After a Day's Illness.
Mrs. Christopher, who resided at 501
Geary street, died last evening at 6o'cloct,
under peculiar circumstances. The de
ceased, who was taken ill yesterday morn
ing with a severe headache, took several
remedies, but being unable to find relief,
summoned Drs. Hubbell and Hughes.
The physicians administered drugs and
the patient seemed to be improving. In
the evening, however, she collapsed and
died.
The Coroner was notified and an autopsy
will cc held.
The attending doctors are of the opin
ion that, in her anxiety to relieve her
sufferings, Mrs. Christopher took some
powerful drug that affected the action of
the heart, and finally caused death.
A "PRISONER ALARM."
Architect Miea'n New Device for
Doing Away With Jail-Brnaklng.
Frank T. Shea, architect of the munici
pal building, has a device which he pro
poses to place in that edifice. It is an in
genious system acting as does a burglar
alarm and is attached to the bars of the
cells in the prison :n the building. Should
a prisoner succeed in cutting one of those
bars or in any manner tamper with the
fastening of the cell in which be is con
fined the fact is immediately known to
the turnkey.
So perfect is the system said to be that
the slightest movement of the prisoner
toward surreptitiously vacating his apart
ment is instantly registered in the office
of his keeper. Mr. Shea believes that he
has solved the question ot successfully
holding folks of lawless tendencies where
they may be found when wanted tfy the
trial courts.
JACK DAVIS' BENEPIT.
The Antics or Two Inexperienced
Youths the Only Amusing
Feature.
From a financial standpoint the benefit
to Jack Davis at the Grove-street Theater
last night was not a success, as there were
barely a hundred persons in the house.
The entertainment consisted of a tour
round bout between Abe Roberts and Jack
King, one of four rounds between Patsy
McCabe and Alex Pantazes, a friendly
sparring match of three rounds by Charles
Rochette and "Yank" Savage and a final
cuffing match of three rounds Dy Jack
Davis and Denny Mailer. None of the
bunts were worth description.
The audience was kept in a good humor,
however, at the expense of a fractional
witted youth named Kemp, who was in
duced "to box without wearing his shoes
and to rack his throat in a proud en
deavor to render some of the latest pop
ular airs.
Lon Agnew acted as timekeeper and
master of ceremonies, being assisted by
Tom Sharkey' s bulldog. The bulldog
came without Tom.
Another diversion was created by some
joker coaching McCabe, who is an inex
perienced youth just arrived from trie
Emerald Isie, to step to the front of the
stage and very teriously challenge the
world at his own weight.
FOUR NEW STARS.
A Quartet of Club-AVielders Added to
the Police Force.
The Police Commissionejs last evening
made appointments to the force as fol
lows: Bernard Judge, a native of San
Francisco, a carpenter, aged 29 years;
William Isaac?, native of San Francisco,
a molder, aged 30; George F. Scott, native
of Ireland, a carpenter, aged 35; John
Jordan, native of Canada, carpenter,
aged 31.
LABOR COUNCIL MEETING.
Reports Were Received From Various
Branches of Trades.
The San Francisco Labor Council met
last evening at 1159 Mission street, J. Hill
presiding and Ed Rosenberg secretary.
There was comparatively little business of j
importance on hand. Reports were re- j
ceived from trades from the printers, sail- ■
ors, pattern-makers, theatrical employes
and horseshoers, all of whom reported
business dull.
A report of the execntive committee
concerning the lnbor directory was
adopted, and the directory will soon be
out — in about a week. A pamphlet was
received from the California Labor Con
vention, showing amendments to and
substitutes for labor bills. The provi
sions of various bills were considered and
discussed.
BOVEE HAS ARRIVED.
lib Is the Crack Professional Cyclist of
, '.' ■ .Texas.'..'
George Bovee, the champion profes
sional cyclist of s Texas, arrived here late
last night from El Paso, and expects to re
main here for the winter. lie is rated as a
fast man. and in competition with the
local cracks will be watched with a good
deal of interest. H9 has been expected
for some time.
Will Knippenberg of Los Angeles came
to town with Bovee, and both were enter
tained by the Bay City Wheelmen last
evening. .
Gents' Holiday Neckwear.
See those lines of 15c, 25c and 50c teck
scarfs now on exhibition in our show-windows:
they are extra fine values. The Old I X L,
L. V. Merle, proprietor, Kearny street, corner
Commercial, and Sixth street, corner Mission.*
A Burglar Caught.
Allen Butler, a burglar by Drofession, pot
into trouble early yesterday morning at 34
Eddy street while attempting to burglarize
the room of Cecil Morehouse. He wns Inter
cepted by Policeman SnowDall and is now in
jail awaiting a hearing.
HEW TO-DAT.
toliusjcToviersT
, BBQINNINQ
THIS SATURDAY KVG., DISC. 19th,
SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.,
Corner of Kearny and Sutler Streets,
Will Keep Their Establish-
ment Open Evenlnersfor the
Ben fit of Those Who May
Wish to Make
HOLIDAY GIFTS
, :,: ■ -OF- ;• ■
MUSICAL JfPMiTS!
: fa Elegant Array Is the Following :
STEIN WAY PIANOS
■■• (universally conceded the best).
ERARD HARPS :
.. (used exclusively by the world's artists).
C. F. MARTIN & CO. GUITARS
; '.'■ ■%■;■■*, (the only world-renowned),"" '.'
H. L. MASON IGUITARS and MAN-
f DOLINS
(of great repute In America). . .
SWISS MUSIC BOXES, ,
: .' ! ;:. Finest and bast makes ■
"THE REGINA," "
£J First American Music Box.
'■THE AUTOHAF.P," . .
America's most unique production. ,
'■'■<3" We will consider It a pleasure to show you
throiieh our SAMi'JLE KOOMB, on second floor of
onr building. . ... . . . , .
POPULIST POINTS
FOR A CHARTER
Three Boards to ' Look
After the City's In
terests.
Civil Service to Dominate All
Subordinate Appointive
Oificers.
A Supervisor by Lot for Each As
stmbly District— Ordinances to
Be Referred to the Pople.
Taylor Roerers (chairman), J, Asbury
Johnson, Urban A. Lewis, George D. Gil
lespie and J. A. Anthony, a committee
representing the People's party of San
Franoisco, have prepared the fundament
als for the proposed new charter of San
Francisco.
Their report, among other new matters,
provides that the Mayor shall have the
right to suspend an elective officer pend-
I ing investigation, and on conviction of a
I felony in the Sujerior Court shall abso-
I lutely remove him from office. The
Board of Supervisors shall consist of as
many members as there are Assembly
districts within the City, and each mem
ber shall be assigned by lot to an Assem
bly district as the special representative of
its interests before the board. It may act
as a court of impeachment for charges
against any elective officer.
No ordinance shall bo in force until
sixty days after its passage, and if within
that time 20 per cent of the taxpayers on
j ilie taxroll shall in writing petition the
I board therefor, such ordinance shall be
I suspended and shall thereafter at the next
1 municipal election be submitted to a pop
nlar vote for approval or rejection. If a
majority of the voters shall be in favor
the ordinance s-hnll go in force within ten
days after the declaration of the official
count thereon. Otherwise it shall be null.
All public work shall be done under the
superintendence of a Board of ±*üblic
| Works.consisting of seven Commissioners.
I All work must be done by tne day and not
| by contract, and all material shall be
i bought in the open market.
Before any work, the estimated cost of
which as a whole exceeds $10,000,
shall be finally ordered, a brief state
ment of the work, the material proposed
and the estimated cost shail be published
in the official paper for a period of thirty
days.
Any ten taxpayers within that period
shall be entitled to file written objections
to such work and shall have the right to
appear before such board at a time named
for the consideration of the objections 10
offered. If, in the board's opinion, such
objections are untenable, the worn: may
tht-reupon be prosecuted to completion.
Meetings must be held three days in each
week, and each Commissioner shall devote
the whole of his tima exclusively to the
business of the municipality.
The executive aepartment shall consist
of the following twelve divisions:
Finance, Health, School, Police, Firo,
Street, Law, Election, Treasury, Civil Ser
vice, I'arks, Public Utilities, over which
of each division there shall be an elected
Superintendent, who shall appoint all
subordinate officers from candidates certi
fied as having passed the examination re
quired for the service. Each Superintend
ent be an expert in the matters per
taining to his division; thus the Superin
tendent of Streets must be a civil engi
neer, the Superintendent of Schools a
practical teacher, and so on.
The duties of the Superintendent of
Civil Service shall be to classify the'
various employes of the City, conduct ail
examinations of applicants, issue certifi
cates therefor and, on the requisition of
any division, certify successful candidates.
He shall in the often market purchase alt
supplies (for current use and not used for
repairs or construction of public build
ings) for each and every department of
! the City government and certify to the
bills therelor.
The Superintendent of Public Utilities
shall have charge of all electrical and
telephone and other appliances belonging
to the City and superintend all gas or
water sold or owned by the City and
supervise any and all private companies
engaged in Belling light or water to the
public. He collect all City taxes.
These Superintendents and the Mayor
shall constitute a Boa:d of Administra
tion, wno shall investigate all charges of
j incompetency or dishonesty against civil
j service officers; shall malce estimates for
| each year's appropriations, fix the annual
j charges for >tas and water and for other
! franchises. On recommendation of the
Board of Public Worki it may grant fran
chises for not more than twenty years and
lor 10 per cent of the gross yearly receipts.
Eleccions for municipal officers shall be
by the cumulative plan. All officials, both
elective and appointive, »ha!l be electors
and residents of the municipality for five
years preceding their incumbency and be
nominated and elected from the whole
j body of electors. All voting shall by by
voting machine and the terras of office
shall be four years.
All appointed officers shall serve during
good behavior and competency, and all
subordinate officers immediately employed
in the Mayor's office, the Board of Super
visors, the Board of Public Works and
Board of Administration shall be ap
pointed under civil service rules and shall
hold under the same.
The annual salaries of the elective offi
i cers shall be: Mayor. $5000; Superinten
dents and Commissioners, $4000 each;
Supervisors, $1800 each. The salaries and
numbers of appointed officers shall be
fixed by the Supervisors in June of each
year.
The City shall own and publish a news
paper called "Tne Official," and shall dai:y
deliver the same free of cost to each tax
payer resident within the City. The Offi
cial shall contain the calendars of all the
courts and their proceedings, and the
meetings and votes of the three boards
and all notices, etc.
Upon a petition of 20 per cent of the
taxpayers the Supervisors must submit
any amendment offered to the charter to
the popular vote, or submit any prop
osition to establish and operate under
City ownership a plant or plants for light,
water, motor, power, transportation or
any other public utility for the benefit of
the people. Puch amendment or plant
proposition shall be submitted to the
voters at the next municipal election, and
on receiving a majority shall become op
erative. Should such amendment be pre
sented by petition then it shall be sub
mitted at a special election therefor,
called within sixty days.
THE WASP IN GOLD LETTERS.
Its Christmas Number a Complete Al
bum of San l'rauoisco in Winter
Aspect.
The Christmas Wasp, of which we have
before us an advance copy, is an artistic
piece of work, perhaps the best holiday
number ever issued by it.
The title page contains the following
words in gold letters: "An album of San
Francisco, her people, pleasures, magnifi
cent bay and beautiful park in winter
aspect."
To the left of this inscription is a clev
erly executed representation of the paper's
emblem holding the pencil in an appro
priate position.
San Francisco is famous the world over
for its weeklies, especially the W r asp,
which recently celebrated its twentieth
year. It is the oldest colored cartoon
paper in the United States, and the good
work performed by it during the iecent
campaign was not only recognized at
home, but throughout the Eastern States.
In the November Review of Reviews ap
peared the Wasp's famous campaign car
toon depicting the price of labor in free
silver countries. The great magazine
speaks of it as the most convincing picto
rial argument of the political controversy.
In the number which appears this
morning is succint information by well
known writers concerning our people, ac
companied by beautiful illustrations. It
is just the thing to send East or abroad to
friends, as showing the grandeur of our
city, Day, etc., in winter.
In connection with the issuance of the
Christmas Wasp the enterprising proprie
tor has decided to present energetic news
boys with watches. New subscribers will
also be made the recipients or first-class
watches during 1897.
MAY GO TO WASHINGTON.
Mayor-Elect Phelan to Protest Against
the Funding Bill Before
Consress.
There is considerable talfc amone
the members of tne committee of
fifty of having Mayor-elect James
D. Phelan go to Washington to represent
the committee in the fight against the
funding bill. It is thought that his high
standing in the community will give i
weight to the opposition of the committee i
to the bill.
Mr. Phelan i 3 understood to be willing (
to go if the duties of his office can be so i
arranged as to allow him to be absent for i
the necessary length of time. I
Divorce Proceedings.
Henry de Costa has been granted a divorce
from Catherine de Costa on the ground of ha
bitual intemperance; Charlotte E. West from
Wallace M. West for failure to provide; May
Bilev from Alfred A. Uiley for infidelity; Kei
tie Hall from Edward 11. Hall for cruelty.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
Felice Cirimele against Maria Cirimele, Anna
bilva against A. F. Silva.
Mine With a Strange *\»me.
Articles of incorporation of the Gerrymander
Mining and Milllni? Company have been filed
by Joseph L. Joseph, Benjamin Joseph,
Jacob J. Schultz, Maurico F. Lowenstein, Jo
seph D. Abrams Samuel H. Rich, William H.
Watson and Albert S. Wollberp, with a capital
Btock fixed at $200,000, of which $45 has been
subscribed.
; NEW TO-DAY.
QIFT
GIFT
T"*V A. \. T
mJa\ V
MONDAY, OEC. 21,
We will give to every lady pur-
chaser on purchases of 25c or more,
between the hours of 9 anl 11 A. M.,
1 to 5 and 7 to 9 P. 51., either an
elegant
BISQUE DOLL,
HUMMING TOP,
TRUMPETS or
WHIP, ;
AS DISPLAYED IN OUR WINDOW.
Don't Forget the Date—
MONDAY, Dec. 2 1.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 !Vl_wi-l3_ot Street,
South Side, bet. Fifth and hlxth.
liVIN~«
LEADING GROCERS.
■ - i- ■ ■■■■■■ 
SPECIAL SALE
FOR TO-DAY ONLY!
Eastern Sngar Cured Hams. . 10c lb
Eastern Picnic Ham 5....... 6c lb
Aunt Jemima's Pancake Flour
.......;...... 10c package
Gordon & Dill worth's 1-pound
Plum Pudding . . . . . 20c can
Large French Prunes . 5 lbs for 25c
Santa Claus will distribute
French Mixed Candy to every
purchaser between ".'2 and 5 and
7 and 10 P. M.
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
AND 134 ; SIXTH :-. STREET.;
DR.. JULIUS HAAS
HAS : RETURNED FROM EUROPE AND .
resumed practice. - 14 Grant avenue, room X'i.
Telephone No., lied 311. • .., .. .-'
SEW TO-DAT.
IGREAT1 GREAT 1
1 VALUES [
I — -iaxr S
DRESS
I GOODS 1
I THE MAZE I
[THE MAZE
TO-DAY!
® — ■ . (ft!
(•) ' ■ ■ — — — — — — — — — (»)
® w -
I 25c. |
* 38-inch All-wool Fancy Dress (fj
(•) Goods tliat would ordinarily (f)
® command 40c. 100 pieces of ®
© • Plain and Fancy Dress Goods, $
y in all-wool and si!k-and-wool, x
& wool and mohair, in all the new (&
(» weave«; knob, tufted and bis- ®
■•) , cuit effects. (S)
1 35c, 371 c and 40c. 1
150 pieces of Fancy Dress Goods $$
§ in all the new colorings and the 2\
ft fancy weaves, in cheviots and ®
® raw silk effects, from 36 to 50 ®
® inches wide, worth up to 75c a ®
S yard. ®
I 50c and soc. I
(•) -^ 1^)
fa French, Ucrman and American ®
® High-art Novelty Effects; goods ®
® that should sell at 75c and $1, ®
§ (f] 38 to 46 inches wide, in the very ®
latest weaves and newest color- Sines.
® ines. X
I $1.00..' I
® English Tufted and Boucle Curl ®
V Fancy Dress Fabrics that you >
fa paid $1 50 and $2 for earlier in fa
fa the season. fa
® ®
- — : — : :
j <^^mf^ |
I GREAT I
i % cvs^ II
I OP THE ACE ||
limn Hi!
9 Which is an external and Internal J [
Z romedy without an equal. §
!! NOT. A HEW PREPARATION, Bill ORE g
! THAT HAS STOOD THE IIS? OF OVER 5
I II QUARTER OF A CENTURY. I
v O
|j Thousands of persons all {
jj over the United States j;
; ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- ; ;
j; tin's Pain Curer and are j;
; ; never without it \ ;
♦ <•
♦ The Curer Ii free from all injurious i >
9 and poisonous properties, and is en- | '
n tirely vegetable in its composition. It J
' ► tones up and strengthens the system, ♦
J | purifies the blood, expels bad matter •
(| from the organs of the body generally, 4^
' > promotes digestion, regulates the appe-. i ►
| I tlto and secure* a healthy state of the . J J
O system and its various functions. Taken X
1 * occasionally as a preventive of disease, ♦
? it keeps the mind cheerful and happy; 2
0 by promoting healthful action of the §
' * skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, i >
! \ "bowels, l£er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, ¥
( 1 : spinal cc&mn, and the whole nervous ( )
' J '■ system. . It is also especially always <>
5 WOMAN'S FRIEND, and Is unequaled ?
illPßMliillWi
5. -OF- 2
){ Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in g
< > General, Bowel Complaints, Dya- o
< ' pepsin. Dysentery. Cholera Mor- O
X bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, g
♦ Pneumonia, Di»bete», Jfervoua A
_| Complaints, Disease »f the Stem- O
j j ach and Bowels Generally, Liver J
♦ Complaints. Kidney Complaints, A
<( Sclaticn. Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, (I
0 Local and General Debility, Head- %
♦ ache, Karache, Toothache. Sick- . .
*' ness In Stomach. Backache, Burnt, I >
) > Swellings, Bolls, Sores, Ulcers, ||
< ► Colic, Cramps, Sprains, £r.iis«s, o
9 Scalds, Wounds, Coativeuess, In- O
6 digestloa, Skin Disease*, JExcei- ]|
'' ' slTe Itchlngs and many other <►
X complaints too numerous to name ( '
'§ here. In a word, the great Pain j \
9 Curer of the Age is an unequaled <►
' ' family remedy. 0
♦ Price: 25C, Sflc, $1.00 per Bottle. I |
|..t^P^SSt s t^f nt tor |* J
T the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. •
« For sale by all druggists. The trade 2
S supplied by Redington A Co., Mack 1
$ & Co. and Langiey <fc. Michaels. San a
A Francisco. JJj