VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 122.
BIG STORMS
AND FLOODS
Fury of the Elements in
Eastern and Southern
Sections.
LIVES LOST IN RAGING
. CYCLONES.
Great Havoc Caused hy Mad
Winds in the Fair City
.• of Savannah.
DEPOT OF IHE PLANT SYSTEM
. DEMOLISHED.
Telegraphic Communication Cut Off in
Mauv Localities — Damage Oniy^B
Partly Known.
"ATLANTA, Ga., Fept. 29.— The equi
iQctial storm which was reported moving
jefihward off Cuba two days ago reached
Ihe 'southern coast of the United States
;hiß morning and spread northward with
■edoubled fury. Reports received by the
inited Associated Presses to-nieht indicate
Hoss of eleven lives and tremendous dam-
Ige to property. The storm is beLeved to
lave exceeded in fury that of 1593. It will
l»e Several days before the full extent of
the damage is known.
No intorniation has been received from
°.lny e point south of Brunswick, and it is
. 'eared 'that the damage in Southern Flor
<ia has been yrynense. The storm struck
o 'Brunswick shortly before noon, but it was
I. nidnighi'before.any report was ha<"< from
•.hatjalacs, and then only meager informa
tion couid be learned. Several lives were
pal there.^ But no names were .known, as
.:ommunic:uion'was not established. The
Oss there will reach nearly $500,000, the
I". ant railway system being among the
.' leaviest sufferers. The storm is still rag
ng,, and .communication is had only at in
ervals..
The wind reached a velocity of Bixty
wo miles an hour at Charleston, and but
oi the big seawall the damage to the cjty
■ rouid have been immense. Fears are en
fertained for the safety of vessels out
*
From Savannah comes the worst news
if the nigbt. The storm seems to have
°«acbed -.ts fulle-t intensity here and the
°oss of life is larger than at any other
°)!ace thus iac heard irom. As far as
• mown s>even lives were lost and this is
>ut an estimate. The loss to property
•eac es the $1,IKX).OOO mark.
. c 'Ihe information obtained from the
oun'.ry below reached this city from
Uillen, Which seems to be the only point
rhich the "telegraph companies can reach
■ mh reliability. All railroad traffic ii at a
itaadstill.'
No trains have passed over the Florida
Central and Peninsular Railroad to-day
tnd. it is leared that the aamaee to the
° ; lounfry roumi about Jacksonrlle, and
thai city itself, has been tre
; nendous.
= SAVANNAH. Ga., Sept. 29.— Seven
■ o ives .ost, a million dollars' worth oi prop
" frty destroyed — that i* the record of a cy
:lone c whicb swept Savannah from 11:30
l. m until 12:15 b. m. to-day. The Joss of
o ife and damage to property are yet mere
is i '.mates and both may De greater than
, iow known. ■
T*he storm, which had been lurking in
.h.e° eastern gu f for the last few days,
_ 'wept c n3pidly. across Florida at 8 o'clock
his niQjning and without warning burst
ipon.Savannah. In haif an hour it had
lone' its work. The streets were filled
yith wreckage. Hardly a house in the
iky escaped without more or less damage,
.hough there are few comparatively total
. vrecks. »
Beiore the -storm was at its height tlie
veafher observer said it wduild not be over
orty miles ah hour. It began to rise at
° jl* o'clock. Hal) an hour later it was
lowing sixty tuilea an hour and the air
vas filled v;ith -flying debris. When the
ttnd reached a°velocity of sixty-six miles
iti hour the instruments at the weather
itation were Dtown away.
The storm was terrific in its intensity,
txceeding th» great cyclone of 1893, which
levastated the South Carolina coast. The
- ihortness of Us duration was all that
aved an annihilation of everything
jpitbin its range.
The storm came from the southeast and
iwept directly over the city. .• Hardly a
>üblic building escaped its fury. The
orests and the city were laid in swaths.
The parks are in ruins and many build
ngs were razed to the ground. The im
mense Plant system pas^ertger depot was
he first building in the path of the storm
md was a complete wreck. The magniri
tent prize train of 'the Plant system ex
libited at 'the Cotton States Exposition
tnd stored in the shed was wrecked and
 the cars are almbsl a total loss.
The Central Railroad of Georgia and
llabama Railroad freight warehouses on
he opposite side of the city were unroofed
tnd the wails demolished. The public
narket was blown in. Tie- theater was
lartialiy unroofed, and the Second Bap
lat Church is ajmost a total wreck.
The Savannah Hospital and tlie Georgia
Infirmary were unroofed. The city and
Kiburban street railway car sheds, in
vhich were stored twenty cars, were
>lown down. The Georgia Hussars'
irmory was badly dama cd. Nearly every
itore in the retail part of the city was
bore or less damaged.
The damage to the shipping was less
ban in 1893. The Norwegian bark
toseniouß, anchored in the harbor, was
'apsized. The German bark Cuba, loaded
frith naval stores for Hamburg, went
/ground .below the city. The bark Miza,
oaied with naval stores and ready for sea,
tas blown against the training wall five
biles below the city and is lying on her
ide.
The tug Robert Turner went to pieces
The San Francisco Call.
against the Government jetty. Three of
her crew and Captain C. H. Murray are
supposed to have been lost. The others
were rescued by a tug. Two vessels at
quarantine were blown across the river
and are high ai.d dry.
The Uniied States revenue cutter Tybee
sustained slight damage. Small boats
were thrown about in every direction.
The Flora left at 9 a. m., with a heavy
cargo for Brunswick. She is in cl.arge of
Captain Jenkins, her owner.
The steamer Governor Stafford, Captain
Strobnar, was to leave Beanfort for Savan
nah at 10 o'clock a. m. Grave fears are en
tertained for the vessel. She was due at
Tybee at noon, and it is thought the storm
was at that hour at its height at the
island. The steamboat Star arrived frpm
Bluffton at 11 o'clock, getting in just in
time. The bark Hilda, owned in Savan
nah, left last nigbt for Brunswick, in tow
of the tug Cynthia, and no news has been
received of her. One hundred thousand
to $150,000 is believed to be a low estimate
of t. c damage to the snipping.
Telegraphic communication was cut off
at the beginning of th,e storm and no
wires have been working in any direction
since noon, this rep rt being sent by train*
for transmission from Miller, Ga. 'The
Western Union has its force of linemen
out in all directions. The only train to
arrive in the city since the storm began is
the northbound Plant system fast mail,
which arrived two hours late and is still
here awaiting information as to the con
dition of the track north of here. A spe
cial train whs sent out late this afternoon
over the Plant system, but has not yet re
turned. The Central Railroad will run out
a special train to-night. No trains have
passed over the Florida Central and Pen
insula Railroad. . ' ; ,
One of the most complete wrecks is
Forsythe Park, which has been the pride
of the city. Three-fourths of the trees are
blown down and are lying in every direc
tion. The city is a tangle of wires. ' The
streetcar lines stopped running soon
after the blow began and the cars are
standing on the tracks in every part of
the city. The warehouses on . the river
front were heavily damaged.
The Savannah Guano Company's mills,
Gomar, Hull & Co.'s guano works and the
Southern Cotton Oil Company's mill and
storage sheds on the river front were
badly wrecked. The heaviest damage
was sustained by Gomar, Hull Co., their
mill being almost a total wreck. ' ■*
At Gordon wharf a flying timber' from a
building 100 feet away struck Wallace
Johnson, a clerK, killing him instantly.
\V. G. Thompson was killed at the
wreck of A. S. Bacon & Co.'s mill. Sev
eral people wer* also injured in the de
struction of Gordon's wharf.
Four negroes in Soiithville, a colored set
tlement in the southern portion of the
city, were caught under a falling roof and
killed. ' ..'.,'
Tuere is no communication with the
ad cent surrounding' country. Forces of
men were sent out on suburban car lines
to near-by resorts, but nave yet been un
able to reach them, and every road has
been passable owing :o fallen 2 trees.
. , Nune«s ha? been, received : from Ty bee
Island,' which suffered so. severely during
the cyclone of August, 1893.
Tne reports indicate that the damage
and loss of life will be greater than then.
MACON, Ga., Sept., 29.— News -received
from Brunswick, Ga., by passengers on in
coming trains is that a severe gale swept
over that section. The Oglethorp Hotel,
Ex-Secretary of the Navy "William C "Whitney and Bride (formerly
Mrs. Edith May Randolph).
the largest in the city, was unroofed and
windows blown out. Storehouses and ware
houses were more or less damaged and
some entirely demolished. Residences
were blown down, and it is certain that
lives, were lost, but no connection can be
had by wire. Teleeraph poles are down
for miles around.
CHARLESTON. S. C.,' Sept. 29.—Blow
ing at the rate of sixty-two miles an honr
a pale of cyclonic fury swept Charleston
to-day from end to end. At 11 o'clock the
sky filled rapidly with ominous looking
clouds and «oon the wind began <to swirl
and tear throu.'b trees and around build
ings. From noon until about 8 o'clock the
wind. rose rapidly and the official record
showed that sixty-two miles per hour was
reached. Trees, fences and loose signs
came down. Almost before the storm had
reached a serious point here it was under
stood that the city was partially shut off
from telegraph communication with the
world. At 5 o'clock this afternoon in
quiries at offices of the telegraph com
panies developed the fact that Charleston
was entirely cut off. Not a wire was
working in any direction. During the
height of the storm hundreds of people
went down on the south and east battery.
Over the seawall on both fronts the waves
dashed in cataracts. The walls and grass
plats on the south side were submerged
about 1 o'clock and the water extended to
the asphalt driveway.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Bept. 29. -A heavy
rain and wind storm btruck Charlotte this
afternoon. It was the severest ever known.
The warehouse at the gingham mil! was
Continued on Second Page,
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
Rainey and Willie Begging Peanuts From the Non-Partisans*
WILLIAM C, WHITNEY
WEDS A PRETTY WIDOW
Mrs. Edith Randolph Beccm°s
the Bride of the ex- ecretary
of the Navy.
NO BRIDESMAIDS OR BEST MAX
Quiet Ceremony P-rformed at Ba
Harbor's Little Stone Church
of St Saveurs
BAR HARBOR, Mi . Sept. 29.— William
Collins Whitney and Mrs. Edith Randolph
were married at 12:30 o'clock thi* alter
noon in the pretty little stone church of
St. Saveun by Rev. C. 8. Lefflngwell, the
pastor.
There were no bridesmaids and no best
man. The churcii and grounds Were
thronged with people long before noon,
and as there were no formal invitations to
the affair the townspeople and society cun
tentedly shared seats with each other.
The interior of the church was a mass <r
roses, laurel, hydrangeas and potted
plants.
Promptly at 12:30 the bridal party en
tered. The bride was accompanied by her
Brother, Frederick May, and with Mr.
Whitney walked M. Bruin, the Danish
Minister to the United States. The bride
was dressed in blue and white silk,
adorned with pink roses, and wore a bon
net with forget-me-nots and roses. Mr
Whitney wore a black Prince Albert coat.
The service wa.« over in ten minutes and
Mr. and Mrs. Whitney walked down the
aisle and were driven to the Anchorage,
the home of the bride, where a wedding
breakfast was served to a few intimate
friends.
The invited guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Gebhardt, Mrs. J. Frederick
May (mother of the bride). Mrs. C. S.
Wright (her sister), Frederick May, Mr.
and Mrs. R. H. Townsend. Joseph Pul
itzer, Mrs. Dorr, George B. Dorr, M.
Bruin, Dr. and Mrs. S. W. Mitchell. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Montgomery, Mr. and Mrs.
W. B. Rice, Mr?. James Q. Blame, Mrs.
Scott, Eilgar Scott, James Scott, Miss
Scott, Mrs. Siurgis and the Misses
Sturgts.
Mr. and Mrs. Whitney will remain here
for a week and then go to Hot Springs.
Mrs. Randolph is an exceptionally hand
some and very charming woman. She is
a daughter of the late J. F. May of Wash
ington and a i-ister of Fred May, who has
gained some notoriety in New York and
Newport. Her si-ters ire Mrs. C. K.
Wright and Mrs. Beavor Mrs Ran
dolph has two children, a son and a
daughter, aged about 13 and 15. She owns
a coititce hi re, where she entertains quite
extensively.
It is said that Mr. Whitney and Mrs.
Randolph bar* been engaged for some
time. Mr. Whitney and Mrs. Randolph
decided last week to have the marriage
come off as soon as possible, and at a pri
vate dinn r on Sunday at Malvern cot
rage, where Mr Whitney has been stay
ing, the time of the wedding was an
nounced.
Mr. Whitney regretted very much the
inability of bis children to attend. He
says there has been no estrangement.
Harry Payne Whitney and his wife, who
nave just been married, did not attend
the wedding, as they are to leave Lennox
for New York, thence to go to Vancouver,
B. C, where they are to sail on the Em
press of India for Yokohama, Japan. Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Paget, the latter Mr.
Whitney's daughter, are now in the
Adirondack*, and neither was able to be
at Bar Harbor.
FROM THE MONONGAHELA
Identification of the H ailess
Body as That of Colonel
Fairy Lee Downs.
Was a Well-Known Ba timore Attor
ney and Disappeared After In
dictment for Forgery.
PITTSBITRG, Pa., Sept. 29.— Sunday
last the head ess body of a man was found
in the. Monongahela River, near Elizabeth,
and later the head «a> discovered buried
in the sand. It is now said that the dead
■nan was Colonel Parry Lee Downs of
Baltimore.
Colonel Downs was a well-known attor
ney of Baltimore. He stood high socially
and had been a member of the staff of ex-
Governor Jackson. On the morning of
January 31 he was arrested in bis home,
2113 Maryland avenue, charged with forg
ng tne name of bis mother, Mrs. Mildred
C. Downs, as indorser of a sixty-day
promissory note for $2400.
When arraigned at the Central pc 'cc
-talion he waived an examination and
was released on $2500 bail for court, the
bail being furnished. The colonel disap
peared from Baltimore, and the detectives
have been fruitlessly searching the coun
try for him for the past seven months.
Since bis disappearance several other
forgeries have been charged against the
colonel.
Threatened by forest fir
WEST SUPERIOR, Wis., Sept. 29.— At
4 o'clock this afternoon the sun was al
most obscured by smok from forest tires
and to-night a black cloud of smoke bangs
over the city and Lake Su\>erior, necessi
tating the blowing of the Government fog
horn. Scores ot fires can be seen in three
directions, the great mountains of flames
-hooting above each other and illuminat
ing th«» horizon. Residents of the forest
are escaping to places of safety in droves
and hundreds of men are fighting fire in
me suburbs.
Grounded in thn Channel.
NEW YORK. N. V., Bept. 29.-The
North German Lloyd steamer Saale ar
rived at Bandy Hook early this morning.
She grounded on the edge of Flynns
Knoll after rounding the southwest spit.
Her engines were reversed and kept
working full speed astern, and after five
hours she slid iuto the channel unin
jured.
Cloie of a JinlUng-Mill.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 29.— The
Cleveland rolling-mill, one of the largrst
Plants of its kind in the United States,
has closed down and 4600 men are thrown
oat of employment.
THE STRIKE OF THE
TRAIN-DISPATCHERS.
Majority of the Operators on the
Canadian Pac fie Road
Quit Work.
FREIGHT TRAFFIC IS TIED UP.
II the Brotherhood of Trainmen Tak
a Hand th Whole Line Will
B Blockaded.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Bept 29.— 1t is
learned here thai a lair proportion, in
fact a majority, of the Canadian Pacific
telegraphers on the main line have flopped
work. On the Ontario lin«s the effect of
the cnll to strike aupears not to have been
general, anu things are better there than
eltewbere. From Montreal to Quebec and
east to St. John and north to Chalk River,
a majority of the operators are out The
officials say they will be able to get hun
dreds of operators from the United States
in a tew days. Meanwhile they do not
exp ct passenger traffic to sufft-r, though
freight may be de<ayt>d. The commercial
telegraphers are not affei ted by the strike,
and the company is accepting messages as
usual. The great question of the hour in
connection with this matter is whether or
not the Brotherhood of Railroad Train
men, which is the organization 01 the
bra kemen and a large section of the con
ductors, will take a nand in the tight and
join the teleeraphers out of sympathy.
Officials of the company on the other
hand are confident it will not.
TORONTO, Ont., Sept. 29.— Dispatches
from various points on the Canadian Pa
cific Railway indicate that the strike of
train-dispatcners along the line is still on.
Ail but one of the Canadian Pacific
Railroad's telegraphers here Have gone on
strike, but their places have been filled by
other operators, and the strikers i aye not
-urceeded in tying up even freight trains.
There is said to be a possibility of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
ordering its men out, partly in sympathy
with the strikers and partly to protect
them against accidents under the orders of
inexperienced men. Unless something
Continued on txronJ fa^e.
Goodall, Perkins & Co/s Cha-tered Stcanrship Umatilla, Now on the Beach at Point "WiLon.
ALL THE TICKET IS RECEIVED
Mr. Hinton Aeeepts the
List of Candidates for
. the Legislature,
NOMINATED BY THE AUDI
TORIUM CONVENTION.
This Makes the Filing of the Reg
ular Republican Ticket a
Harmonious Whole.
LEGAL OPINION AS TO THE REGIS
. TRAR'S ACTION.
Conference Committees Appointed by the State
Central Committee to Harmonize
Opposing Interests.
Registrar Hinton last evening placed on
the official ballot the nominations made
by the Anditorium convention for the
Senate and the Assembly from the Fourth
and Fifth Congressional districts.
This completes the riling of the whole
ticket nominated by the Repuolican Mu
nicipal Convention in the Auditorium.
The Registrar did not act in the matter
until he had made himself thoroughly
familiar with the law on the subject and
the history of the case togetner with
the precedent* •stablished by all the
political parties in tfiis State. Then he
consulted not only his own attorney, but
some of the most eminent lawyers in the
City, and they were unanimously of the
opinion that it was his duty to tile the
Auditorium convention ticket, including
the candidates for the Senate and Assem
bly nominated by that convention. A
this advice agreed with his own opinion of
the matter he had no hesitation in- recog
nizing the convention presided over by
Thomas D. Kiordan as the legitimate suc
cessor of all the Republican conventions
that dad preceded it in the history of this
City.
The long-established and undisputed
reputation of Mr. Hinton as an honest,
conscientious man and as a faithful ser- '
vant of the people is a sufficient reply to
the Republican bolters who have been
making the air d.zzy with their clamor for
weeks past
As soon as the news of the Registrar's
action reached downtown leading Repub
licans desirous of the mccess of the ticket
called upon Chairma : Thomas D. Rionlan
and J. Alva Watt, who made such a
powetful argument before the State Cen
tral Committee in the afternoon, and ex
tended to those two gentlemen their most
hearty congratulations.
The action of the Registrar settles the
dispute wliich has scandalized the cauje
of Republicanism in this City for many
weeks past. The bolters, headed by Mar
tin Kelly and Senator Mahoney, cannot
get on the ticket except by petition, as
provided for in the purity of election law.
but it is not extected that they will brave
public opinion by thus putting' an inde
pendent ticket in the held to assist the
Democrats.
The Republican County Central Com
mittee aas raado to Messrs. Kelly all* the
concessions that could, in honor and short
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
of absolute surrender, have been made by
any party to another.
It took down Dinkelspiel for Congress
and Montague for Presidential Elector in
the Fourth Congressional District in order
to promote harmony, and left the field
clear for Thomas B. O'Brien, the nominee
for Congress in that distr ct.
The complete regular Republican ticket
is now in the field witn a full list of can
didates for municipal and legislative
offices. All that remains for good R pub
licans is to support it loyally and stand
shoulder to shoulder for McKiniey and
protection.
An eminent attorney, high in the con
fidence of Registrar Hinton, said to a
Call reporter last night that the position
of the Auditorium or regular Republican
convention and County Central Com
mittee was unassailable. H<» could not
see how the State Central Committee
could acquire any jurisdiction in the
matter.
"Assuming that that committee should
create or attempt to create a new conven
tion," he added, "it would have no author
tv wbatev&r. It would be revolutionnry
and violent. But assume that it should
create a new convention and nominate a
new ticket, how could it get that ticket on
the official ballot? The regular Republi
can ticket stands on the official ballot and
it cannot be taken off. Not a single name
can be taken off it unless the candidate
dies or resigns. The State Central Com
mittee cannot legally call a convention of
iis own creation either before or after the
session of the regular County Convantion,
nor can the State Central Committee prop
erly interfere except by request of all the
parties to the controversy. Local organi
zations are extremely jealous of the inter
ference of State organizations, and State
organizations are jealous of interference
by local organizations.
"The convention which nominated the
ticket that has been accepted by the Regis
trar is the legitimate successor in lirfe of
descent of the Republican County Com
mittee, and the Republican County Com
mittee, of which Mr. Manwarine is chair
man,-is the regular lineal descendant of
the Republican County Convention,
which preceded it. Tlie Registrar ascer
tained that these Were the facts, and the
certificates of nomination beins in due
form he placed them upon the official bal
lots. He is the highest authority, and there
is no rerae iy forKell^ and Mahoney, exceut
to apply to the Supreme Court for a writ
of mandate to compel the Registrar to do
something else."
The rooms of the Republican State Cen2
tral Committee were too small to hold the
crowd that assembled yesterday to button
hole the. members of the State Central
Committee who were about to hold a "ses
sion, with a view of harmonizing the
= opposing elements of the Republican
party of this City.
The meeting was secret and was not
called to order until 2:30 p. .m. There
were present: H. A. Powell (by proxy) of
Oakland, E. K. Strowbridge of Haywards,
E. A. yon Schmi<it of Alameda, Frank
McLaughlin of Oroville, J. M. Stow of
Walnut Creek, George Fryce of Ferndule,
P. A. Dodge (by proxy) of Hanford, A. C.
Mande of Bakersneid, J. A. Read" of
Middletown, S. N. Androus of Pomona,
*C. L. Strange (by proxy) of Los Angeles,
W. F. Parker of Lbs Angeles, J. W. Rags
dale of >'adera. Winium Barr of San
Rafael, N. W. Boycl of Bod-ie, Frank L.
Coombs of Napa. W. F. Englebright-of
Nevada City, J. H. Neff of Colf.i.\, In A.
Robie of Sacramento, J. J. Campbell of
Gait, James H. Daly, E. J. Smith, 1. i.
Cohen', William Smadeke, Thomas C.
. PufT,' A. J. Martin, V. F. Northrop,
Charles W. Maiiwaring, J. Alva Watt,
'P. A. Bergerot. L. Pock witz, J. E." Marks,
W. J. Fiynn, E. C. Pahuieri, Joseplr Bar
betta of San Francisco. M. S. Thresher of
Stockton, George C. Ros^ of Redwood,
Benjamin Brdoks of San Luis Obispo, H.
A. Avenll of Lompoc, George Taylor of
Mountain View, Qeorge Scott of Say Jose, ,
George E. Rea and L. J. Dake of Santa
o Cruz. J. J. Luchdinger of Valiejo, F. A.
Wicke'rsiiam of PetaUinja, -Allen B.
LeniuiOii of Santa Rosa, Joseph McNeill
of Ceres, E. O. Larkin of Visalia.
The fol'owing-tmnied business men of
San Francisco appeared before the com
. mittee and made an urgent appeal in be
haif of harmony: Irving M. Scott, Horace
Davis, P. N. Lilieuthal. M. H. Hecht,
° Lou.is Sloss, A. L. Biown, A. Dunham,
WakeheJd Baker, A. J. Ralston and F. W.
Van Sickien. • • . .
After a session of an hour and a half the
committee resolved so maKe one more
attempt at harmony, and appointed a
committee of ten from the Slate Central
Committee to confer with the representa
tives of the rt gular ticket already filed and
of the bolters headed oy Kelly and Jia
hojney. The committees are:
State Central Com mittee— Ii yin™ B. Dud
ley, San Diego County; A. B. Lemmon.
Sonoma-County ; George Bryce, Humboldt
County ;. S. M. Androus.Los Angeles;
,N. W. Bitvd, Mono County; Frank' L.
Corrrubs Napa County; Qeorge C. Ross.
San Jilateo County; H. A. Averill, Santa
Barbara County; L. J. Dake, Santa Cruz
County; J. L. Read, Laice County.
Business men— lrvjng M. Scott, Horace
Davis, P. N. Liliemhal, 11. H. Hecht,
Louis Slos<, A. L. Brown, A. Dunham,
Wakefield Baker, A. J. Ralston and p. W.
Van Sicklen.
The committees were instructed to re
porno the State Central Committee at 2
P. M. to-day.
The Sub-ccmruittees fixed 10 o'clock this
forenoon as the time for the conference
witn the representatives of the regular
Republicans and the Keliy-Mahoney
bolters.'
-In yesterday's session of the State Cen
tral Committee J. Alva Watt appeared for
the regular Republican convention and A.
Ruef for the bolters. Mr. Watt made a
clear clftan-cut statement showing how the
present County Committee was the only
and legitimate eucces^or of the County
convention of 1592, and for a scqre of
years back, and now the present conven
tion had been "appointed Oy the present
County Committee in accordance with
vrecedents frora the time whereof the
memory of Californians runneth not, nor
jurupeth nor walketb to the contrary.
■■' Mr. R.uef made the usual chestnutty ar
gument that because the .National Com
mittee had recognized the Fourth Con
gressional District ( onvention as a Con
gressional Convention, Mem*. Keliy and
-Mahoney were entitled to create a Repub
lican party of their jDwn and give birth to
a County Committee and a County Con
vemion'wuhoiu tather or mother.
The busir»ess men and ouier vistors who
had beer. invi;ed to attend the meeting
were very ruu^h impressed with the argu
ment of Mr. Watt. It was the consensus
of the 'opinion of the conimitteemen and
. visitors alike that Mr. Watt's argument
•and sbowhig of facts were unanswerable,
and that the convention represented by
him was the regular Republican Muni
cipal Convention of San Francisco.
FELT LIKE KICKING THEM.
One. of the Supervisorlar Nominees
cfthe Keliy-ftainey Combination
' ' Repudiates Them.
At The meeting ofthe Pknhandla arid
Ashbury He pbts Improvement Club last
night at 1970 Page street President C. D.
. Balfield staled that, at the conference be
tween the committee of the club and the
Street Committee of the Board of Super
-1 visors everything that the club desired
was promised— amon^* other things, a
$30,OCO" appropriation for the repaying of
o Oat street, between Baker and Stanyan.
He further stated that the matter of hav
ing Golden Gate Park lighted by electricity
,* was in a fair way to be accomplished ; that
• it bad been favored in the platform, of
"nearly every political convention, and
.that it had been favorably mended
by Governor liudd to the Park Commis
sioners.
• Here Salfleid apologized for
having been presented to the jitonie of
Sai* Francisco as a candidate lor Super
visor by what he called the Slahoney-
Kelly .gang. He said: 'I baa the njis
fortune to be suggested as a candidate for
Supervisor by the Mahoney- Kelly gang. I
think you call }hem. I»m not seeking
• any office and don't want any office. It is
veryoaunoying to have people come up to
you and address you as Supervisor. I, of
course, tlianktd them for their action, but
I felt more like kicking them. It is true
that I have supervised "this ward as well »n
the Supervisors who are paid for the job,
but that cuts no figure."
B. E. Henricksen moved that a commit
tee of three be appointed to wait upon the
Mark^-street Railway Company and ask
them to remove all superfluous rails and
Blots on Stanyan and Oak streets.
The chairman stated that it has come to
his knowledge that the Market-street Rail
way Company was opposed to the removal
of these exiraorails and slots, for the rea
• son that it contemplated* their use as con
: doits in the future construction of electric
linee in place of the present cable-roads.
Chairman Salfield vacated the chair
and -presented a resolution sta'.ing that it
*as the sense of the club that the ordi
nance giving .the Park Commissioners the
right", to grade streets abutting the park
and to fence in the park to the outer line
of the sidewalks of the streets bounding
the park be repealed. After considerable
i debate the resolution was adopted.
A. J. Fritz moved that the street com
mittee of the ciub take the necessary ac
tion to provide for the cleaning of Clayton
street between Waller and Haight. "The
motion was adopted. •
Rudolph 3li>lir moved that the street
committee be instructed to obtain three
, entrances to the Panhandle, on each side
of it, and ilxe motion was unanimously
carried,-
The street committee was also in
structed to procure the removal of the
fence surrounding the Panhandle and the
erection of a low cement coping in its
place.
Chairman Salneid stated that a branch
fostorhce had been partly promised by
the Pustoftice authorities next year.
Just before the meeting, adjourned
Chairman Salfield announced the follow
ing committee to wait on the Market
street Railway Company relative to the
extra rails on Stanyan and Oak streets:
A J. McFarland, N. M. Lund and B. C.
Henricksen.
In the notices sent out to members of
the club it was announced that a discus
sion of municipal candidates would take
place last night, but Chairman Salfield
explained that inasmuch as all the con
ventions had not yet made their nomina
tions such a debate would be premature.
He suggested to postpone it until the next
meeting of the club and his suggestion
was adopted.
BRYAN'S FLOW OF
SILVER Y WORDS
Speaks on the Threadbare
Theme During a Trip
to Gotham.
AFTER ELUSIVE VOTES.
Says He Must Reach the People
Because His Utterances Are
Not All Recorded.
ADMITS HE MAY BE MISTAKEN
Endless Orations by the Worried,
Wandering Ycuth of the Shallow
Piatte Region.
JERSEY CITY, N. J., Sept. 29.— 1n his
trip through to New York this afternoon
Mr. Bryan made a brief speech at the
Academy of Music here and a briefer one
to the crowa outside the building. In the
course of his speech he said:
One of the reasons why in this campaign I
have departed somewhat from precedent and
have gone over the country myself is because
it has enabled me to reach the people them
selves: whereas if we had more daily papers
we could reach the people through them. If
my going around 'results to my disadvantage
it is better for the people to find out before
election than alter. The trouble is, our op
ponents are all the time talking about main
taining the parity between two metals and
neglecting the fact that under the gold
standard we have failed to maintain a parity
Detween a dollar and property.
They entirely ignore the effect of legislation
when we desire legislation, although they are
very conscious of the potency of legislation
when they use it on their side. If in 1873
they had proposed a law such as was passed in
that year, closing the mints to the free coinage
of silver, and. had «aid to them: "Why,
law Can do nothing on this subject, commerce
regulates the values of these things," what
would they have said? They would not have
been content to let commerce regulate them.
Then they wanted the -law to step in and
strike down one of the money metals and give
to gold the monopoly of mint privileges, and
when they have done that they have bios-
Eomcd'out into believers of non-interference
on the part of the Government. [Applause.]
If they tell you law can do nothing, that com
merce is everything, remind them of the taw
of 183-4. The advocates of the gold standard
will tell you that from the beginning of our
financial history down to 1884, go, was at a
premium and silver the money in common use
amou;,' the people.
They will tell you that after 1834 silver was
at a premium and gold was the money in cir
culation among the people. What changed
the habit of our people and made them "stop
using silver and commence using gold ? Was
it commerce? It was a little law of but a few
words (hat changed the ratio from 15 to 1 to
16 to 1, and by so doing gave the advantage to
silver. [Applause ]
That change put silver at a premium be
cause there was a demand for silver in Franco
at a more favorable ratio than ours; and
therefore. our silver either went to France,
where it could be coined at the ratio of 15)4 to
1, or if it stayed here it stayed at it* con*
modity value.
When these people" tell you commerce Is
above law you point to that little law that
changed the customs of the people and money
in. use among them in a night. [Applause.]
You say law cannot affect values. Suppose a
public buildlug In to be located in this town,
why Is it everybody wants the building located
"near, his land? Because It raises the value of
his land. A new harbor, or the deepening of
a river of the opening of a port brings busi
ness, to that locality, ana that new business
brought there by law creates a new demand
for property and that property rises by act of
legislation. I. have toft you this because I
want you to understand when we speak of the
power of law to affect the value of silver we
are simply applying to silver the same princi
ples which we recognize will apply to every
thing else. Some people think siivercan be
produced without limit. I know one way to
cure a man ot that iden. Let him go out and
try to rind 'he t-i!ver mines and prove by his
own experience how easy it is to iuerease the
suppiy of silver. [A'ppiause.]
it is true of silver as it is oi gold— that many
seek and few find. Tncy talk about the cost of
production in silver. • There is no ba' is upon
which you can calculate the cost of produc
tion. No two urines in the United States pro
duce silver at exactly the same price per
ounce, and no one mine produces stiver at
exactly the same price per ounce year after
year in succession. Mining is gambling, and
the man who gets the winning paddles makes
money; but a g'catT many buy paddles and
never make anything. .
You think it is so easy to find silver, kc
member the people of the world have searched
for it since history began, and yet If nil the
sliver now existing in the form of coin were
melted down into one great lump ii has been
estimated that lump would only be sixty-six
feet each way. That is that great overwhelm
ing product of silver that people are afraid
will run in upon us aiid -overwhelm us if we
open our mints to the free coinage of sliver.
Our opponents tell us we are trying to change
tbe yardstick. We tell them tnat they havo
been changing the bush 1 measure and are
compelling tanners to put two bushels of
product* Into one bushel. Instead <>i shorten
ing the Hours of toil in n day they are trying
to shorten the number of days a man will find
work in a week or a year. A's the gold stand
ard goes on doing its deadly work it simply
means there will be more idleness and more
suffering. We can say of the gold standard
that all its ways of wretchedness and all of its
paths are ruin to the masses of the people.
[Applause.] There is no danger of foreign
coin coming in here and overwhelming us, be
cause it is worth more at home. There is no I
danger of all the annual product Coming to us,
because all the other nations that use silver I
must have their shares. Trie arts must have
their share. We simply have to use for what
other nations and the arts do not consume,
instead of having too much I am afraid we
will have too Ifttie money men.
In the development of the resources of this
country we cannot use more money than can
be utilized by a simitar number of people in
any other part oi the world. But instead of
haying an increased amount of. money to
carry on an increased business and to give us
increased development, we have a decreasing
currency and the Republican party offers no
remedy for the situation. [Applause.] We
have in circulation among the people £150,
-000,000 less this year than we had two years
ago. And yet the Republican party proposes
to maintain our present financial lyiteiu, no
matter what may come, until foreign nations
get so tired of it that they will help os to get
rid of it. [Great applause.]
At the conclusion of his. address Mr.
BTyan went to the balcony in front of the
hall and addressed the crowd briefly.
IN THE TAMMANY WOMAN.
Bryan Talk* About ■, (Hirer to a Big
frntvrt at Art© Icrk.
NEW YORK, N. * Sept. 29.-It has
been mauy a decade since the historical
Tammany Wigwam has held such a com
pact mass of humanity as that assembled
there, to-night to hear W. J. Bryan and
o;her speakers. Although 8 o'clock was
.the hour set for the proceedings to be in,
three hours earlier the door 3of the meet
ing place were besieged by a clamorous
throng. It kept growing in numbers until
6 o'clock, when the doors were thrown
open. There were then enough people
assembled in the vicinity of Tammany to
fill the wigwam twice over. There is but
one gallery ia the hall, and in a very short
space of time this was jammed. The seata
had been removed from the orchestra floor
for the purpose of economizing space and
the crowd waa compelled to stand through
the meeting.
It was one solid mass, enthusiastic from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
tbe ttart and good-natured, despite the
uncomfortable environments. The hall
had been but sparsely decorated with flags
and banners. Over the platform were tbe
portraits of Bryan and Sewall. In the
gallery was stationed a brass band, and
the patriotic tunes rendered aroused the
exuberance of the, crowd. A liberal sup
ply of small American flags bad been
passed around and these were kept con
tinuously waving by the enthusiastic
shouters.
Tammany was determined that every
word uttered by Mr. Bryan should be
heard by those in the ball, and with this
end in view had erected a sounding-board,
in the shape of a canopy, directly over
the speaker's position on the platform,
the candidate standing under it while
speaking.
The meeting was called to order by
John W. Keller, the presiding officer of
the evening, at 7:45 o'clock. At that hour
there were over 6000 persons congregated
in the ball.
Resolutions were read and adopted in
dorsing tbe platform adopted at the Na
tional convention held in Chicauo and the
State Democratic Convention at Buffalo,
and the candidates named on those occa
sions.
Immediately after the adoption of the
resolutions Mr. Bryau, accompanied by
Mr. Sewall, Senator Thomas F. Grady,
Senator Daly of New Jersey and George
Fred Wilhams of Massachusetts, appeared
on the platform. A great outburst of ap
plause and cheering greeted Mr. Bryan's
appearance. The moment the audience
caught sight of him, hats, handkerchiefs
and American flags went up in all parts of
the hall. Cheer after cheer rent the air.
The cheering and applause continued for
eight minutes, and at the conclusion Mr.
Bryan was introduced by the chairman.
After thanking Tammany, Mr. Bryan re
peated his silver argument, with a lew va
riations.
ARE PNFESNOES CORRCED?
J{oss of Stanford B rites Some Demo
cratic Campaign Material.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 29.— Professor E.
A. Koss of Leland Staniord University,
Cal,, lias written a letter charging that
college professors are coerced into talking
fur the gold standard. The letter was to
day -given out at Democratic headquar
ters:
Stanford University, Cnl., Sept. 23, 1896.
Hi'ii. Jr.mts D. Richardson, Chief National
Dcvwcratic Literary Bureau, Chicago— Dear Sic:
You inquire If I think there is perfect freedom
of exprexiion among college professors
ihrouguout the country on the money ques
tion. I would say that I don't think there is.
I don't know th?re are many who wish to
champion National bimetallism, but I am
very sure that if there were such they would
in many cases be compelled to surrender their
present live.lhood in order to do so.
My basis for this belief is experience In va
rious Eastern institutions; the attitude of
boards of trustees regarding teaching on sub
jects much less important than the mou-y
question, and knowledge ot the notions boards
oi trustees, comprised of wealthy individuals,
entertain regarding their supervision of
economic teaching. Dennitizing the second
point, I wou.d mention the experience of Pro
fessor H. C. Adams in Cornell University, Pro
fessor Ely in Johns Hopkins University, Pro
fe>sor Commons in Indiana University and In
Syracuse University, Professor BemisinCni
c*eo University and in connection with other
institutions.
Being on the coast, quite oat of touch with
my professional brethren, 1 am nut «ble to
cite very many definite cases of coercion on
the present question. I -will mention, how
ever, the fo. towing: Professor J. S. Clark of
Columbia told a friend of mine that he Re
lieved Proiessor Andrews mu»t certainly be
Jorced out of the presidency at Brown Univer
sity. At the meeting of tne American Eco
nomic Association last winter I was told that
one Professor Duvray of Pen^ylvanla had
strong leauingg toward tree silver and that his
colleagues had to labor bard to hold him back.
Later I listed « gentleman connected with that
Institution what would happen if the pro
fessor should declare for free silver. His
answer was immediately, "He wou d lose his
position." The gentleman is Mr. O. W. Mac
larland, who is a writer on economic -übjects
and Is not a free silver man. I would urge
that you write to him if possible. Further
more, obtain an interview with Professor E.
W. Bemis, who is at present in Chicago and
vh-. has some very interesting facts on tbo
subject. Very truly yours, E. A. Kosa.
DEAD AGAINST FUSION.
lorn Watson Prevents the Working of the
Scheme in Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, 15D., Sept 29.—
Thomas E. Watson, Populist candidate
for Vice-Preftident, put an end to the In
diana tusion scheme to-day. While the
committees of the two organizations were
in session at the Grand Hotel the follow
ing telegram was received in reply to a
telegram sent Watson earlier in the day:
Thompson, Oa., Sept. 29.
Charles Matthew*, Indianap 41$: I telegraphed
Ran.kin two days ago correcting report on
principal points. I am dead against fusion
with Pewall electors and I told Rankin so.
Where 1 submit to fusion I do under protest.
Thomas E. Watson.
Mr. Matthews held this telegram until
the Populist committee returned to the
English Hotel from their session with the
silver Democratic campaign committee.
At this Fossiou nothing definite had been
determined. The best that the Populist
committee would offer was a tusion wiih
h've Populists and ten Democratic electors,
declaring that it had no authority to
withdraw the Populist State ticket or any
Populist nominees for Congress. The tele
gram of Watson, when shown to the com
mittee, settled all possibility of any
further efforts in the direction of fusion, *
Palmer and Jiuckner's Tour.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 29.— The National
Committee is planning a tour for Palmer
and Buckner through the Northwest. It
is proposed to send the candidates through
a portion of Michigan, across Wisconsin
into Minnesota^ and thence through lowa,
a portion of Kansas, Missouri and Ohio.
A special train will be chartered for the
purpose, nnd will probably leave Chicago
eitln-ron the ni*ht of October 9 or early
on October 10. Kncoursginp reports froth
lowa reached headquarters to-day.
National Comniitteeman Martin said
there is hardly any doubt but that lowa
wil) be lost to Bryan.
Independent Silverites.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 29.— Accordins
to M. F. Doud of this city, who claims to
be the chairman of the National silver
party of Missouri, the silver clubs and in
dependent silver clubs which will gather
here next Saturday will not take t>art in
the convention of National Democratic
clubs, as first intended. Doud says that
an independent convention of clubs not in
the Democratic organization will be held
in another hail.
Me.Call denominated.
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 29.— At the Eighth
Congressional District Convention this
evening Congressman McCail of Win
cheater was unanimously renoruinated.
Anjuiiosa to mt: XA.ri.
A Aevo Torpedo- tioat Will Be Launched
at Baltimore la- Morrow.
WASHINGTON, D. C, f^ept. 29.-On
Thursday, October 1. torpedo-boat 3 will
be launched from the yards of the Co
lumbia Iron Works at Baltimore. This
addition to the navy, which makes a
speed of 2\]4 knots an hour, is one of
three of the same clas3, each of them
being ol 412 tons displacement. They will
be ready for service next March.
The same company is building the sub
marine boat ior the navy. The new boat
will be named when launched, but us in
. the case of No. 6, launched by the Her
reaboffs recently, will be known by a num
ber until a decision is reached on the ad
visability of naming vessels after men,
as in the case of the Gushing and Ericsson.
Advertising Aunnt.l A/iti.in-
NEW YORK, N. V., Bept. 29.-Her
bert Booth King & 8r0.., advertising
agents, assigned to-day. They have been
business for thirteen years, and last
December claimed to be worth $100,000.
They are also interested in the Herbert
Booth King Publishing Company, which
published a paper called Fashion, that
started in 1891.
HOWARD GOULD'S
SHARP LETTER
Discourteous and Offensive
Action of the English
Yachtsmen.
BOARDING OF NIAGARA
Peculiar Action of the Commit*
tee Without Consulting
the Owner.
TANKS HOT USED FOE BALLAST.
One Little Act That May Endanger
International Contests in
the Future.
LONDON, Exa., Sept. 29.— Prior to leav
ing for New Yoric, Howard Gould, owner
of the yacht Niagara, under date of Sep
tember 16, has addressed an extended let
ter to the council of the Yacht Racing As
sociation, reviewing the action taken by it
anent the Niagara's water-tanks just after
the race of the Royal Thames Club,
May 22.
Mr. Gould specifies the size of the tanks,
quotes Dizon Kemp's letter for the asso
ciation, officially disclaiming that the
committee believed there was any truth
to the charge that the tanks were used for
shiftinc ballast, but requesting change in
piping, and. says this communication was
the first notice be had from the association
of "this extraordinary action, on tueir
part."
Mr. Gould's letter of Juno 20, in reply
thereto, is quoted emphatically denying
that the tanks were so used, and Mr.
Gould winds up his farewell in forceful
style, in which are the following words:
"Had I been communicated with prior
to this dhoourteous and unusual visit, I
would gladly have established the follow
ing facts:
"First, that the Niagara was measured
with her water-tanks empty; second,
that the water in the tanks had never been
used and was not used in any instance as
shifting ballast; and thirdly, that it was
impracticable to make advantageous the
tanks for such a purpose had I desired to
do so.
"I am surprised that I never received
any explanation of the course pursued in
boarding* the yacht without communicat
ing with me, although I characterized
such action as discourteous at the time.
"In the absence of such explanation or
disavowal on the part of the Yacht Racing
Association, I consider the course pursued
not only discourteous, but personally of
fensive and essentially destructive of the
amicable relations which lie at the very
foundation of the existence of interna
tional contests of this character."
WITH HO UNDS AND HAKES.
Rich f rises Computed for at the Aber-
(teen Court ina Meeting.
ABERDEEN, S. Dak., Sept. 29. -The
second annual meeting of the Aberdeen
Donning Club opened to-day under fine
weather conditions and with an attend
ance of nearly 1000 persons.
The first trials in the Aberdeen Cup
stakes were run, Glrn Rosa beating Ca
liph, Lady Falconer beating Merry May,
Minneapolis beating Mormon Boy, Da
kota beating Robert le Diable, Lightloot
beating Silvia, Fritz Royal beating Van
Tronii', Maid of Honor beating Recollec
tion, Lucian Swift beating Merry Maid,
Good Cheer beating Kirk Glen, Oakes
beating Wayfarer. Diana beating King o'
the Hill, Arapauoe beatinp Village Girl.
The first i rize of this stake is a solid
silver cup, valued at $200, and a purse of
$500. Maid of Honor, owned by Michael
Allen of Chicago, and Diana, owned by
Robinson <fc Peyton of bt. Louis, are the
strongest candidates for first money.
Lucian Swift ruptured a blood vessel and
•lied shortly after winning his course.
He was owned by N. P. Whiting of Min
neapolis
To-morrow's events will consist of trials
in the puppy stakes for a first prize of
$200, and tlie second bout in the cup
stakes, making fifteen chases in all.
RACING AT TWO TRACKS.
Winners of JUintii'ir; Events at St. Louis
and Brooklyn.
BT. LOUIB, Mo., Sept. 29.— Seven furlongs,
Dennis won, Keechler second, Loyal Princess
third. Time, 1:37^.
Five furlongs. Ai won, Dan Huger second,
Inua third. Time, 1 :05.
Bix furlongs, t-ugar Foot won, Juanita sec
ond, Brown Gir! tiiird. Time, 1:18 : .£.
Six fur ongs, Hnno Belle won, Cochlna sec
ond, Tradesman third. Time, I:l9>£.
Seven fur.ongs, High Test won, £thel Gray
second, Overella third. Time, 1:33.
Six furlongß, Damocles won, HiUsboro sec
ond, Mobalaaka third. Time, I:l9'^.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept. 29.— Six furlongs,
Scarfpin wou, Setfast second, Swamp Angel
third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, Sir Francis won, Cromwell sec
ond, Jefferson third. Time, 1 :42.
Six furiongs, Cleophus won, Divide second,
Tragedian third. Time, 1:15.
One and an eichth miles, Beimar won, Lake
Shore second, Brandy wine third. Time, 1 :56^.
Six furlongs, Agitator won. Trcmargo sec
ond, Rubicon third. Time. 1:13.
Six furlongs, Dellport won, Dr. Grimes sec
ond, Scoggan third. Time, 1:10'^.
ALL PRESENT ARRESTED.
"I>oe» I'ayue SnrrU from a Knockout
Oy ihf Police.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 29.— "Doc"
Payne and Lon Beckwith, middle-weights,
met to-night for a linish ii;ht for $250 a
side and gate receipts in Johnny Lavacke's
gymnasium. Payne was a favorite in the
betting. Beckwith was a surprise, how
ever, and went at Payne like a hurricane.
In the seventh round, when Payne was all
but knocked out, a squad of police burst in
the doors and stopped the tight, arresting
all, the principals, seconds and the referee,
Jimmy Ryan.
Two hundred spectators were in attend
ance, and only ten of them escaped, jump
ing frora the windows. All the patrol
waeons in the city made trip after trip con
veying the crowd, which contained many
prominent citizens, to the Cental station.
SHARKEY WILD HITH RACE
Loudly Calls CorOrtt a Coward, and a
Sneaking Cur.
DENVER, Colo , Sent 29.— Bharkey and
his manager, Lynch, are in Denver, leav
ing to-morrow for ban Francisco. Sharkey
is wild with r«ge at the refusal of Corbett
to fight him, and calls him a coward and
a sneaking cur. The telegram from Cor
bett to Lynch is a curt notice that Corbett
can waste no more time on Bharkey.
Sharkey says Corbett is afraid to meet
him. • ■ ■ . .;..-;..
Kich JSttate of a Awirtrfe.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 29.— The will of
Edson Keith, the capitalist and Chicago
business man, who recently committed
suicide, by drowning, was admitted to pro
bate to-day. Mr. Keith left an estate val
ued at $1,250,000. The estate, with the ex
ception of $10,000, which toes to the Old
People's Home, is divided among the
family.
IHntribution of B'tlteries.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Sept, 29.— Colonel
Shafter, commanding the Department of
California in the absence of General For
syth, who is on leave, has made the fol
lowing distribution of the batteries of the
Third artillery, transferred to that de
partment from Florida :
Captains Pratt, Battery E; BurbanKs,
Battery G; O'Hara, Battery H; Daves,
Battery I, and Smith, Battery X, to the
Presidio; Humphreys, Battery D, and
Hess, Battery L, to Aleatraz Island, and
Chester, Battery A, to Fort Mason.
Uammoinl 1% Appointed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 29.— The
President to-day completed the commit
tee authorized by Congress to determine
the correct location of the boundary line
of the Klamath Indian reservation in
Oregon V the appointment of Richard P.
Hammonu Jr. ot San Francisco.
BIG STORMS AND FLOODS
| Continued from first Past. J
partially blown down and the roofs were
lifted from two rows of operatives' cot
tages. No one was injured.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 29.— Chicago was
to-night drenched with rain, which began
falling early in the afternoon, and at
midnight continued to fall with a per
sistency that promises to cause much in
convenience to electric communication
with outside cities.
At the East a great storm is reported
over a territory extending from Pittsbure
to Washington and New YorK. The West
ern Union Telegraph Company reports the
loss of many wires east and south and in
consequence telegraphic business* was
greatly hampered and delayed, if not en
tirely abandoned in some districts.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 29. — Heavy
rainfall during the day and to-night has
wrought havoc with the telegraph lines
east of here, no communication having
been had with Washington since 11 o'clock
or with Harnsburg or Philadelphia since
midnight. East of the mountains the rain
is reported to have been accompanied by
high wind, to which the prostration of
telegraph lines is probably due. In the
absence of telegraph communication it is
almost impossible to obtain any informa
tion in regard to the damage done by the
storm. Severe floods are reported along
the southern border of this State and be
tween Cumberland, Md., and Graf ton, W,
Va., where bridges w«re reported to have
been washed away, but no particulars are
obtainable.
EVERETT, Pa., Sept 29.— A heavy
flood followed the steady downpour to
night and the Baltimore and Ohio rail
road bridge was washed away. All tele
graphic lines are down. The lower part
of tha town is inundated. Traffic on the
Huntingdon and Broad Top Mountain
Railroad is suspended because of sub
merged tracks. The water rushed down a
narrow gap and rose at an alarming rate.
Everett is directly east of Bedford, the
county seat oi Bedford County. All moun
tain streams are raging torrents. Their
narrow passes are choking the floods.
The loss to farmers and in villages along
the lower lands will be heavy.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 29.— A severe
southeast hurricane struck this city at 11
o'clock to-night. Houses were nnroofed,
wires prostrated, windows smashed and
signboards blown from their fastenings.
The high wind forced the water in the
harbor up into the bed of the streets, and
almost the entire northern water front is
submerged. Several schooners that were
tied up at Pratt-street wharf broke from
their moorings and are resting in Pratt
street.
The lower floors of many warehouses
are flooded. The storm, accompanied by
a heavy downpour of rain, arrived at the
time of cosing of the theaters. Several
streetcar lines were rendered useless ana
many belated passengers were drenched
while seeking places of shelter or trans
erring to the more fortunate car lines.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
reports at midnight that their wires are
down in all directions.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 29.— A furious
wind, accompanied by heavy rain, swept
tbis city to-night, and it is likely to con
tinue with unabated force for some hours
tomorrow. The storm was threatening
all day to-day, but the first intimation
that a hurricane was approaching came
in the shape of a dispatch from the Wash
ington Weather Bureau in the afternoon
to local Forecaster Dunn, informing him
to hoist storm signals on the weather
bureau tower and warn shipping that it
would be dangerous to leave port.
Incoming vessels coniinue to bring re
ports of storms at sea. All that arrived
to-day experienced gales, while several
suffered damage. Tne British steamer
Alodene, from Hamburg, ran into a strong
westerly gale September 23 and was
boarded by a huge sea. which swept the
whole lencth of the vessel.
It smashed the jolly-boit, badly dam
aged the lifeboat, shattered the engine
room skylight, broke the ventilators,
flooded the galleys and did minor damage
about the decks.
The Italian bark Harrington on Septem
ber 23 in tue Gulf stream was struck by a
ga'e from the north-northeast which
lasted fourteen hours. She lost some sails
and had others split.
The British schooner Arthur M. Gibson
arrived via Hell Gate. She reported losing
her forecopmast during a heavy north
northwest wind off Prince Edward Island.
NEW TO-D AT. -
THE BEST NATURAI/'APERIENT „
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry cf Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral Salts, or which
combines such advantages, as this water. .
•'Professor Dr. R. C. Tichborn, LL.D., F.C.S., F.I.C, Dublin."
•'This Water is richer in Mineral Salts tnaa *) fL-l. '// / * '
all Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy is jo I jf^ m ***^rrv*~ AM,
great that even the smallest dose secures the ( v _^-—~.— ■ $L- m "
best results." ■ j /^
Sworn Chemist in Buda Pat,
Prices : 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS,
-. Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
' by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 1 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agenta
of
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mars of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited.
Employed at the leading Hospitals in New York, Boston
Philadelphia, Baltimore, , Chicago, etc., and at the principal ;
Hospitals in England.
THE STRIKE OF THE
TRAIN-DISPATCHERS
Continued from Tfnt .Page.'
like this is done it seems likely the strike
will prove a failure. The men are badly
organized and have little money.
OTTAWA, Ont., Sept. 29.— 1n conse
quence of the Canadian Pacific Railway
strike freight trains on that road are
stopped all along the Ottawa and Chalk
River divisions. Passenger trains are mov
ing, except the Winnipeg and Soo express.
Nothing definite can be learned regarding
the whereabouts of these trains.
WINNIPEG, Man., Sept. 29.— Although
there is a general strike of operators at
stations on the Canadian Pacific Railway,
these is little if any trouble here. All pas
senger trains were running as usual to
day, and the officials are taking all steps
necessary to till the places of the men who
have go.ne out. • :
SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich., Sept. 29.—
Business en the "Soo" and the Canadian
Pacific railroads is at a standstill. The
strike of the Canadian Pacific telegraph
operators has raised havoc with all the
trains on tha Canadian Pacihc and the
passenger service on the "Soo" line.
The east bound limited, which arrived
at 10 o'clock this morning from Minne
apolis with 100 through passengers, is still
here, and may go East by way of Detroit.
The Minneapolis limited, due here at 4
o'clock this afternoon, has not been heard
from since last night.
PEORIA, 111.. Sept, 29.— At the head
quarters of the Order of Railway Teleg
raphers in this city it is stated that the
primary cause of the strike on the
Canadian Pacific is- that the officials un
dertook to force the train-dispatchers to
withdraw from the organization, threaten
ing discharge. This action was taken three
months ago.
No withdrawals have taken place nor
have any discharges resulted. Efforts
have been making meanwhile to adjust
the matter. It is denied at headquarters
that the order had not complied with the
rule of the company requiring com
plaints to be made to division head
quarters. It is stated that the grievance
was first presented to the division super
intendent and that it will be taken up to
Sir William Van Horn and possibly to the
directors, if. such action becomes neces
sary.
BOSTON, Mass., Bept. 29.— The Cana
dian Pacific Railway Company hired
seven men in this city to-day to take the
places of the men who have gone on
strike. The new hands left this evening
and will likely go to work to-morrow.
" GARFIELD IS DEAD."
That Was the Signal for the Telegraphers
to Quit Work.
VANCOJVER, B. C, Sept. 29.— The
strike of the railroad operators of tha
Canadian Pacific railway was a- complete
surprise to the officials of the Pacific divis
ion. The signal agreed upon was "Gar
field is dead," and on its recei-pt all opera
tors on the division excepting tw6, one a
dispatcher, went out. General .Superin
tendent Abbott states he was not aware
that any cause for complaint existed on
his division, and that the rir3t intimation
he had was a telecram from Assistant
General Manager Tail, Montreal, stating
that a committee, claiming to represent
the operators of the entire system, wished
to consult tha management on certain
grievances and present a schedule for
iuture observation. The general manager
referred the committee to the company's
rule which provides that all grievances on
the part of employes must first be brought
to the attention of divisional officials.
This not having heen done the manage
ment declined to bear the committee. It
is, however, asserted by the operators that
the men on the Western division did go to
their divisional officers first and were de
nied a hearing, and then went to Mon
treal, where they "were similarly treated.
At Montreal they were tola they were re
fused a bearing there because they had
not laid the matter before the officers of
their division. This, they explained, was
impossible because the divisional officers
would not listen to them.
Thus the matter stands and oniy inves
tigation can show which side is right. On
learning last evening that a strike was
contemplated. General -Superintendent
Abbott issued the following circular to the]
operators on bis division : .
"Reports circulated by a committee of
operators at Montreal intimate a possible
strike. Every movement of the committee
there has Deen ill-advised and unwar
ranted. Inasmuch as I have not had
placed before me any grievances, I shall
hear them through the proper channel, as
provided for in the rules and regulation's."
Irresponsible stories were started. to-day
to the effect that men were being sent out
to watch stations along the line, for fear
of their being set on tire, but such stories
were utterly groundless. The manage
ment has not the slightest apprehensjon
of anything of the kind occurring. To
day's east bound train was dispatched on
time, and unless complications arise the
passenger-train service will continue un
interrupted.
LIABLE TO BE FAR-HEACHING
Operators Complain of Home Very Un
derhand Treatment. ''
> SEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. 29. — Local
telegraphers who have in times past been
employed along the line of that railway
think the Canadian Pacific telegraphers',
strike is liable to be far-reacbing, possibly
resulting in a sympathetic s strike in the
United States. They say the discontent
of the Canadian Pacific telegraphers dates
as far back as six years, so that the recent
strike has been inaugurated with special
reference to tbe impenaine Presidential
election in this country. It is charged
that messages to Chief Pierson are being
"killed".or suppressed, and -that but for
that the strike would be more general
along the Canadian Pacific than is re
ported to-day. Members of the commit
tee, it is also asserted, appointed by tele
graph operators to wait upon Eastern
managers of the road and ask for a redress
of grievances, were responded to by being
dismissed from the service, this act, it is
alleged, having precipitated the strike.
Robert, Kerr, traffic manager of the
Canadian Pacific, telegraphed Locaf Agent
McGinnis to-aav that he did net believe
the strike would seriously interfere with
freight operations of the road. 9 •*
♦
R*t>. J. W. Combt Pardoned
FRANJKFORT, Ky., Sept. 29.— Rev. J.
W. Combs, a Baptist minister of Perry
County, convicted of perjury and sentenced
to the penitentiary for one year, yesterday
came into Frankfort without a guard and
asked Acting Governor Worthington for a
pardon, explaining that he was the victim
of a feud that has existed in the counties
of Harlan and Perry for years. The acting
Governor examined the letters Jroni the
officials of the trial court and promptly
•pardoned Combs. Had the Governor not
pardoned him the reverend gentleman says
he would .have gone to the penitentiary
ami placed himself in charge of the
Warden.
Well your health at this season, for /here
is danger from malarial germs and sudden
changes in temperature. Keep your blood
pure with '.-' '-'••._' * »'■ °
Hood's
Sarsaparilla ;
The bent— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood'« Pill*; cure Liver Ills; easy to
11UUU & 111S» take, easy to operate.i»L
3 CIAMBERIte
; TBIS REPRESENTS ONE OF THEM. X: : ;.
Selected Ash. 3 pc5. ...... 512.M ;
Mahogany Birch, 3 : — $19.7 F » •:
Solid Oak. 3 pts^. : . $17.75
'*- ."RARE VALUES. - cc jV;°
Just a Tevr of each. <■ See them in our '
window. /Carpets, too, way down. o ;
ALEX, MACK AY & SON,
r. , CABIVEtS, rUBNITURE f : \"l o
715 MARKET STREET. °
DOCTOR COOK
'/^^^^^° ° The greatest of modern
l)(]/&^*\' ' ° specialists, r tores
* ni'tn A'• manly power and vigor ° c
i(M/{ 'J&ts& "» t0 meu of al l ages ami °
WiV' 1 ;" /er4 moves every symptom of =
• »aY , \"*^ff sexual weakness or (iis-°°-
* • /sViitf/i |Ji/< *• ease. Blood and skin dis- °
j&\^~ \^^rv '' eases, and diseases of the
'^^^'I^^^^^ %4 internal organs a ' spe- •''•
Mi.'.f,,\*v^l 1 T Hl »^cJalty; also femßle com- ,
plaints. The worst cases solicited, and perfect
cures guaranteed. Othce hours— y to 12 A. M.
and 2 to's»ind 7to 8 V.M. Sundays from 10
to 12 A. M. only. If you cannot call, write.
Mail treatment always satisfactory- Address
DOCTOR COOK, SSaS&IV'.
IS THE VERY BEST iiNK TO EXAMINB
your eyes and fit them to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with- Instruments of his ovvn Invention,
who-.- superiority has sot been equaled. My suo>
ceas has been due to the merits of u.y work.
offlce Hours— i\i to -1 p. m. • • *•
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
XS A POWERFUL APHKODISIAC AND
X specific tonic tor the sezuul and urinary organs
of both sexes, «nd a great' remedy for diseases uf
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. "Sells on Its own Merits;
bo long-winded testimonials noce-sary.
NABKK, ALFS * BBUJfE, Agents.
323 Market St., 8. If.— (Send for Circular) I
Belts for $30.
fS^^^^^^iSa Ol<l - 'hloned »n4 poorlr j
{ajrj^^v>2-^_rfjg made, can be had by par-
g^Lrrv&gSglTWnls^^ L" g your money to eleo:r
fg^S^jff^twT- " fakera " and travm- 1
('• <CJV class article at a reasons^* a
*>=«|> Price write or call for ire 5
„,.„„„ A ?,„„, __. copy of our new boole UK. .'■ I
P7KRCB 4S.ON, 70* Sacramento at., cor Kearuj. I
-coca. UutiX mad tonim uoo fa . s>an t r rai»ci£oT I
DDIICUCC FOR BARBER* BAK-
«» CO *»" 10 bi V* liousts, billiard-
brewers, bookbinders, ' candylmaker^ca'rmert
dyers, fl0 « ™»»«. foundries, 7 laundries, rape*
£UXIR OF VrS %3 iwl
a oxomlt^, n o C o Btt ve a e^r no £^ k h I e88 A f, t T e?SyJ'l 1COMRADES
AT CANTON
Heroes of the Rebellion
Join the Ever Popular
Pilgrimage.
VETERANS WHO ARE FOR
M'KINLEY.
Paid a Glowing Tribute by the
Major for Past and Pres
ent Loyalty.
BAILROAD MEN ALSO IN THE
RIGHT COLUMN.
Ringing Words of Patriotism From
the Lips of the Champ on of Pro-
tection and Prosperity.
"CANTON, Ohio, S^pt -29. —Three of the
"five delegations scheduled to arrive here
tQ-day postponed their coming and the
two remaining ones did not ko to Major
McKiiiiey's house on account of the rain,
but were addressed In the Tabernacle. A
delegation of 500 Union veterans from the
State Soldiers' Home at Sandusky, with
10i) citizens of that town, came ai half- past
12 o'clock on a special train over the Bal
timore and Ohio Knilroad. Sergeant
Hopkins introduced the spokesman, L.
W. Hull, who addressed Mnjor alcKinley
at some length. Major McKinley's greet
ing from the old soldiers was ardent.
:I: I After the applause had subsided he spoke
. as follows:
My Comrades and Ladies and Gentlemen: I
wish 1 m iglit lie able to make fitting and suit- j
■able response to, the gracious words o( con
" »gratulation and good will which have been
spoken in your behalf by Serjeant Hopkins
and Mr. Hull. It is indeed a kind and gener
ous act o> comradeship that brings, on this
unpleasant day, the members of the Ohio
Soldiers' ana Sailors' Home of Sandusky to
this city to Day me a' Visit. My comrades, I
fuliy and heartily appreciate it. No body of
rrien who ha-ve visited me in the last few
months .have given me more pleasure or
: touched me mor.e deeply thanmyold comrades
of the 1 Saudusky Home. [Applause.]
■ . When you entered tbe :>ervice you were
yotinger lbnn you are now. Tbir:y-five years
ago most of you en Hate i and thirty-one years
ago most of you were mustered out of the ser
vice. You were then youi g and fresh With
the red wlue of early ma'nhooJ mantling your
cheeks. You are older now, but your heari
warms to the country and the old flag just as
it did in lStil. [Great appiatrse.] When you
entered the service you entered not for the
pittance that was paM you. you entered not
lor the glory or for personal nt>plause, but you
entered the service front ;ne purest and high-
est motive? of patriotism, tnai no harm should
come to our country. [App'ause.] Hint was
she motive of tbe oi<l soluier. Think waat
the great army of which you were a part was
willing to do. They were willing to give
health and Ftfefagth ; they were willing to die
that the American uniou nr.gnt be saved.
(Applause.]
So nigh to grrandf ur is our dost.
So Dear to God is man;
When duty wlmpcrs Lo. thon mtm,
The yoiuh repllcl, I can.
And so nearly two millions of men, when
duty cal'edi no matter what the exactions de
manded, were ready to answer to tne call of
.their cojiniry and detenU their country's free
rf 'ixif-tit utlons. . There are' now on the pension
. toll "of tne Government more men than were
■ list.cd in the War of the Revolution, the war
; erf 1812 and the wnr with Mexico. Within itbout
00,000 a.« ninny, men Hre on the pension rolls
of the United fkates to-day as were in all the
wars in -which this Government was en-
gaged from the 'Revolution to the Civil War.
I have always been iv favor of pensioning the
deservlrrg and cVsaDled soldiers of the Repub
lic and favoring their pensions, and I am now
in favor of havine tneir pensions paid in
money whose -value does not rest upon mere
fiat and which cannot be depreciated by fire.
[Great applause.] I am opposed to cutting
down tensions nr that way. I want the pen
wieners, who are iimon^ 'he largest creditors
of the Government, to-day, as I want all the
rreditoraof the Government, great or small,
"•'•■ to' be raid in the best money of the world —
dollars worth 100 cents every day and every-
■ where. [Applause.] 1 am glad to have you
* here to-day. I am glad to have, this large
'body .of veteran soldiers declare, as -your
; spokesman has»declared, that they are s'.ii in
lavor eft the country and the country's honor.
o [Applause.]
A color-bearer during the war, while in front
of the wivray, in his anxiety to do something
wit:-, two or three hundred men, marched in
. front, of- the line and toward the enemy's
works. When the general commanding in>m
the rear callcdt out: "Bring those colors back
to the line," the sergeant answered promptly,
with a voice of command that went bn< k to
the general qujciter than a miuie bail: "Bring
the line up* to the colors." [Luugbter and ap
plause.] We are carrying the same old colors
today that we carried thirty-five years, ago.
Boys, bring the line up to tl-e colors. [Great
applause.] .
My comrades, I thank you. I appreciate
this "call. Other delegations are corniEg. 1
beg that you convey to those df-ar old com-
rades who could not come with you on this in
. clement day my best wishes and warmest r- -
gardsandmy sincere prayers for their health
and contentmtnt; and I also beg that ycu cm
.' vey to that dearold c* mmander General Force
ray "sincere respects ai:a best wishes; and i
'* hope that yon will take back with you pleas
ant memories pi your visit to Canton. [Great
applause.]
The second and last delegation of the
day arrived an hour later. It was com
posed in the main of em i 'loves of th-
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in Northern
• Indiana. With the delegation were 200
farmers and about sixty ladies. In re
* Bponae to an address by Judge Peniicld,
Major McKinley said: . ■
° lam glad* to welcome the farmer's and the
employes of the Baltimore and Ohioßailnad
Company and the citizens generally who have
• honored me with this call this afternoon.
(Applause.] The farmers of (his country must
appreciate, and will appreciate. If they do not
already, that we cannot increase their market
or decrease . their competition, either at- norm
or abroad, by destroying the credit of the
■ country. . [Applause and cries of "Right,
♦ right."].
That we cannot cut down the competition
which they have in India and Russia and the
Argentine Republic or Increase consumption
st home of their product? by cutting down
the value of the currency of the United States.
•The only way the farmers can be Deneflted is
through a larger consuming class. The mints
will not furnish the farmer with more con
sumer*. He has the mo>t profitable; market
for what reproduces at home and not abroad,
and what he wants to know is. how to inßke
that market th" best. He cannot do it by cos
ing the nr.llh. [Cheers.] He cannot do it by
putting out the fires of our furnaces. [&• -
neweit cheering.] Ho can ot d.» it by taking
business away from the great railroad line* of
the country. He can oniy improve the Ameri
can market by favoring a policy that will put
every man to wlork who lives beneath our flag
[eroiit applause], and keeping them at work nt j
living wages [renewed applause]; not the wage
scale of some other nation of the world, but
the American scale— the best in the world
[great applause); and you cannot improve tbat
market by des;roying the credit of ihe coun
try, for tin* credit of the country lies a t the
foundation of capital and prosperity. [Ap
p'ause.]
The farmer can no more increase the value
oi his wheat by diminishing the value of the
Atneriran dollar than he can increase the
quantity of his hay by diminishing the size of
t'.ie wngon on which he hauls it. [Tremendous
cheering and cries of "Good, good."] The
railroads of ;he country make busine«s so
they consume 50,000,000 tons of coal a year.
Thr.t is what you engineers burn every twelve
months. What dots that do? [Cries ot "It
gives work."] Yes. it gives you employment
while you are burning it ; it gives the thou
sands of miners employment \vl\ile they are
digging it. That is the kind of a rolicy we
advocate. Let everybody help everybody else.
[Great applause, and cries ot "Hurrsih for Mc-
Kinley."] I see that the railroad train service
has four distinct services— probably mere —
that of the engineers, firemen, the trainmen
an-1 the Order of Railroad Conductors, with
other organizations auxiliary thereto among
the switchmen and telegraphers. I am in
formed that each of these organizations has a
department ot insurance, mutual in its charac
ter and conducted and administered by men
of tneir respective organizations. Am 1 right
about this ? [Cries of "Yes."]
The highest tribute to their business capa
city and honesty is found In the fact that not
one dollar has been lost or squanden-d. The
trainmen have paid out nearly $3,500,000.
The fireme have paid out neariy-$4,000.009.
The conductors have pajd out insurance to
nearly $2,500,000. while the engineers, which
I believe is tbe oldest organization, haye paid
out nearly $6,000,000. The railroad men, too,
«re investors *nd stockholders in loan associa
tions and have savings in savings banks, or
they will h^ve. [Applause.] What a deep
interest, therefore, the railroad men have in
the rightful settlement of the money ques
tion. Not only are they interested in preserv
ing the integrity of their savings for their old
age or disqualification and their insurance to
•.heir families in caEe of accidentor death, but
th«y are interested in their present and future
wages. I don't believe that the railroad men
of this country will ever consent to have their
wages cut in two or their insurance money
paid at the rate of 53 cents on ttic dollar.
•[Cries of -'No, no."] Nor will they be satisfied
to receive" their wages in anything but a cur
rency which shall be worth a full 100 cenU.
While they are talking Hbout the creditors of
this country they are auimndvsrting against
them. Who are the creditors of this country?
Tht-y arc the men who labor in this country.
[Tremendous cheering and cries of "That's
right,"] The greatest creditors of this country
to-day are the workingmen. Aside from
what is due them upon investments and
sa vines, their current wages make tl em
the largest creditor class in the United
tates. The employers of this country owe
their employes every thirtj- days, in good
times [cries of "Not now, though;" fol
owed by great laugnter], more than the
b-.nded indebtedness of the United Stat. s.
Nearly $500,000,000 is paid out annua'ly to
the rallraad employes alone. Does tbe rail
road employe propose to aid any party to
enact legislation which will cut his payroll
from 25 to 50 per ceu-t, in the name of a cheap
doiiar? [Loud pries of "No, no".] 1 have seen
it stated somewhere -that of the 750,000 rail
road employes in 'he'Uuited States about 75
per cent are vo'ers. 1 cannot be .mis
taken when I esoresa the belief that thes? men
will not cast .their votes in favor of r. debased
currency and the repudiation either of puolic
or private obligations:
I don't believe that the free coinage of the
si'.ver product of the United Platen, or the free
coinage of the snver product of the world with
the fiat of the Government of the United States
culd make n thing north only 53 ceuu worth
100 cents. [Great applause and enns of "No.
No."] Sucii a proposition is contradicted by
reason and experience, and opposed to com
m":i sense and the plain principles of ola
fashicrned honesty.
Now, mv fellow-countrymen, much as I
would be glad to tpeak to 700 longer, I must
not. Other delegations are coming. I thanW
you for this call and tor the assurances you
have given me of your support to the principles,
which, by the lavor of a great political party,
1 stand for at this moment. [Great applause.]
I am glad to know ihat the great State of
Indiflnu, the State of Harrison [great applause]
and Morton [renewed applause] wili stand this
year &•< it bes stood In all the years of the past,
for the couotry and the country's honor, and
for a policy that will give to the American
people the largest prosperity in their homes.
the greatest development vl their resources
and the highest credit of the Government.
[Great cheering.]
The story that Major McKinley is to
speak at Young-town the night before
election is Without foundation.
UNION GENERALS AT LINCOLN
Veteran* Receive a Great Oration in
ttri/nn'* Sttppomed Stronghold.
LINCOLN, -Nebb., Sept. 29.— The com
ing of the Union generals who are making
a tour of Western fctates in the interest of
the Republican ticket was made the oc
casion of probahly the greatest political
demonstration ever held in Lincoin.
Elaborate preparations had been made,
and with perfect weather and vi-iting
delegations from nearly every section of
the Btate Republican enthusiasm ran
rampant."
The visiting veterans did not arrive
until evening, but the exercises began at
3 o'clock in "the afternoon witn a parade
through the principal streets of the ci'y to
the State Capiiol grounds, where ad
dresses were made by ex-Go\rernor Larra
bee of lowa, Charles P. Lincoln of Wash
ington an E. 8. Elliott of Chicago.
An e-cort of cavalry and veterans met
the eenerals at 5:30 o'clock, and the State
Capiiol was agair. utilized for an informal
reception. To-night the city was a blnz"
of light with inarching everywhere and
■ . enty bands playing martial music.
The generals were distribute I at three
mi'eiing places. Generals Sickels and
Alger at trie Linking Theater, General
Stewart of Pennsylvania and ox- Senator
Manderson at the Funke Opera- house, and
Q >nerai Howard and Corporal Tanner at
Republican hoauquarters. Carriages were
in waiting and as soon as one speaker had
concluded he was ttiken to the oiher ball.
Overflow meeting? were also held at the
Counhou9e and Bohan's Hall.
The speeches were sh >rt bat earnest, de
voted more to the patriotism than ex
treme partisanship. Generals Howard
and Sickel" 1 were tendered the greatest
ovation in their re-p^ctive halls. The Jat
ter was especially v porous. Introduced
a* a lifelong Democrat, and c'a-ming al
liance to tbat party, he sr.id he < ould,
whfn ht- deemed his conn ry in peril, put
aide party fe< lir^r. He urged all soldiers
t Mi! port >h Kiniey and bury for»>v«r the
men who he claimed represented re
pudiation rtnd disdoner. Each of the
speakers was warmly app nuded.
SEIZURE OF BRITISH BOAT.
Cuatotnt Lnw» i an not Be Violated With
I'nptlni'tf.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 29. -The cus
toms fficiais of this port seized yesterday
the steam-hip Gal.leo, saiiinir under the
Britisn flag, w ich arrived lrom Pernam
buco on Saturday, and ihe ship is now in
charge of the United States revenue offi
c als.
The Galileo was docked at Martin's
stores in Brooklyn at 1 o'clock on Satur
day a ternoon, and at 1:40 she began to
<]ischar c her cargo.
A preliminary permit ha I been secured,
but it was not signed by the boarding offi
cer an<l was in consequence vaiii'-iess. The
custom! inside or ordered work to stop un
fit the proper papers had been secured,
and on the refusal uf tlie capta>n to obey,
M zed the -hi, and the cargo thai bad
vevn landed under the law prescribing
confiscation as the penalty in such cases.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
ASHORE AT
PT. WILSON
Steamer Umatilla Stranded
to Save the Lives of
Passengers.
STRIKES A BEEF DURING
A FOG.
Water Floods the Hod and the
Vessel's Prow Is Turned
Landward.
ALL STEAM ON TO GAIN THI
B3ACH.
Shoals Reached Before the Fires Ar
Extinguished — T.ie Disab ed
Lner May Be Saved.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Sept. 29.—
While bound to this port from Victoria,
on its regular run from San Francisco
to the Sound, the steam-hip Umatilla,
commanded by Captain J. C. Hunter, met
with a mishap at 3:45 o'clock this morn
ing that forced It onto the soft shaley
oeach at Point Wilson, where it is stil>
stranded. The vessel was picking us way
cautiously across the Btraits in the murky
fog tbat bad prevailed sinca early in the
evening, when those aboard were startled
by a prating, rasping noise, accompanied
by a .slight careening of the steamship.
The Umatilla had struck a rock.
For only a moment was the steamship
on the sunken reef. The vessel rolled to
one side and soon slid from its perch, but
in the brief contact wit the rock a large
hole had been stove in the bottom, and
through this the water poured into the
hold.
All steam was put on to get the vessel
safe inside the bay. When just off Point
Wilson t ewate r which had been pouring
through the rent turned up into the tire
mom, threateninc to extinguish the fires.
When tliis fact was reported the nose of
tlie vessel was turned to the beach, which
it H'.ruck a moment later.
Unlike the condition of affairs which
usually exist under such circumstance,
the passengers, the officers ray, did not get
in the least excited, the calmness of Cap
tain Hunter and the orderly movements
of the crew assuring them that there w;t^
no danger. As soon as day broke th«
officers offered to lower the boats and send
ashore all who micht de>i.-e lo go, but
the passengers wore confident in Captain
Hunter's assurance that ii was safe to re
main and declined to leave the vesaei.
The position the unfortunate vessel
occupies is exactly that of the Br.tish ship
Kilbrannan, which went a.-hore tbetc
duringa dense fojr some months ago, but
was later successfully floated. It is in no
imminent danger, except from north
west winds, which are uncommon at this
Beoson.
At 8 o'clock this morning the steamer
Angeles went to the Umatilla witn a scow,
and much of the ba . gagn and perisbubl
freight was Drought to Poit Townsend.
Several of the passengersaccompanied the
luggHge, and all are loud In their praise o:
the seamanship and nerve exhibited by
Captain Hunter and other otficers of the
vessel under eucb trying circumstances.
At noon a second trip was made by the
Angeles.
The steamship Walla Walla, which
sailed south to-day, took part of the crev
of the Uraatiila back to San Francisco.
From this fact it is evident thai the com
pany's representatives do not exj>ect to
?et the vessel afloat again at an early
date.
A correspondent who visited the scene
this evening found the nose of the Uma
tilla jabbed well in the sands of the beach.
The water had risen over the main deck
of the vessel aft. and the tables in the
dining-room were submerged. Those
aboard say that the water raised with sur
prising rapidity and that very soon after
the vessel was on the rock tlie firemen
were forced to come up out of the fire
rooms. The rock waß driven into the
vessel's plates just under the boilers and
it did not take Jong for the wate: ;o rise
up to the fW- boxes. It is impossible to
say jnst what will be done with the vtssel.
The hole is a bad one and there are some
who say that it means the last of the good
ship Umatilla.
The rock upon which the unfortunate
vessel struck is one of the many sub
merged menaces in the straits and it ie not
far from the notorious Sea Lion Rock,
ur on which the tug of that name stiuck
two years ago.
That vessel hßd been plying the Bound
for years, and no one suspected the pres
ence of a rock at this place until one day
;ho tug run plump upon it. The exact
location is said to be immediately off the
Simms place on the straits.
Captain L'oyd came ashore late last
evening. He denies that the vessel went
on to the Sea Lion rock. The piaco
wdere she struck was an extension of a
rough, prbbly beach inside the buoy at
Riley's phice.
Tne Umat.lla at once commenced to
take water, and when the beach was
renched there wan eight feet of water in
the fireroom. Now the entire main deck
i» submerged.
Diver A. O. Benjamin arrivd from
Seattle this aiternoon .:nd will investigate
the damage. Ei^ht men who were on
watch at the time the vessel struck claim
that the Point Wilson log signal was not
blowing. The keeper denies this and aays
it was blowing all night.
LANDED AT SEATTLE.
thirty -Two l'cnt»enarr* Transferred
■ i rom th* stranded. Steamatlip
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 29.— Thirty-two
of the Utuatilla's passengers. were brought
to this city to-night on the steamer
Rosalie. The master of the Rosalie, who
passed the Umatilla soon after the vessel
was beached, being en route from Victoria
to Port Townsend, . said one of the worst
fogs that he had ever experienced hung
over that portion of the Sound.
, — ; — .*— — '—."
IllSlOßl OF THi; UMATILLA.
One of thf Finest •«*aw»»-r# That *ail-it
Ftotn "nil FrttHC\*co.
The Umatil.a is owned by tbe Oregon
Improvement Company, but for years nas
Ix-en under charter to Goodall, Perkins &
Co. It and the Walla Walla are sister
ships. When they first came to the coast
they were run as colliers between Seattle
and San Francisco. They were built by
Roach in 1881, and the work of transform
ing them from colliers into pos.">eneer
boats was done by the Union Iron Works.
An excellent job it was, and the Umatilla
wax one of the finest steamers that sailed
from this port. It is 310 feet long, 40 !eet
6 incnes wide and 3<"l feet deep. It is valued
at $350,000 and was partially insured iv
Eastern offices. There was 800 tons of
cargo in the hold, but the ctiances are that
a considerable portion of it wiil be saved.
The cabin passengers on the wrecked
steamer were: . D. Lubliner, H. L. de
Beck, A. W. Nikon and wife, Mrs. J. A.
Wall and daughter, W. B. Hamilton, Mis.
B. Mason, Miss R. Simpson, H. D. Chant
re!! ana wife, Miss Lizzie Thompson, Mrs.
C. L. King, C. W. Reilley, E. C. Love,
Mrs. Laurin, Miss L. Laurin, Miss J.
Laurin, Miss Ethel Wesley, Joseph
Laurin, R. Behrendt, Charles Meyers,
James McNeil, Mrs. Williams, Miss
Hughes, A. Allayne Jones, C. P. Me-
Intyre, W. K. Lewis, Miss E. Boyle,
Miss B. Cheesman, Captain Symonds,
Mrs. Williams, W. C. Quimby, Howard J.
Lackey, Mrs. H. T. Mayo and son, Ott
West, C. H. Snow, Walter Blakie, S. Had.
lock, Mrs. C. M. V acbam, J. D. Luttrell,
Eugene Wells. Mi?s M. Miller, S. Maka
nako, M. W. M.llioti, John Hane, C. Hai
vorsen, O. Lutson, R. Vincent, Hugh Mc-
Kay, Walter Taylor, M. Martin, John
liogan, R. Sime. O. Boulet, G. H. Martin,
A. C Martin. K. Hansen, Joe McCano
gher, Mrs. C. H. Stevens and three chil
dren, Andrew Mayer, John Moriin, F.
Stevenson, V. E. Leale, J. Lawrence, H.
Axten, L. W. Silver, Gus Lahan, Alex
Jones, R. McKay, J. Sum tier, Edward
Ryan, J. Scunower.
Captain Hunter is well acquainted with
the locality in which he beached his ship.
Six years ago when be was master oi the
George W. Elder his vessel went ashore in
almost the same spot. It was in a fog,
and not being s-ure of his position became
lo an anchor. When the Elder swung
around with tbe tide, its stern struck and
the propeller was knocked out. It then
began to pound, and the "chain was paid
out until it landed on the beach. After
ward it was got off aud repaired at Esqui
malt. He is a very careful master, how
ever, and as the dispatches say that the
fog was heavy at the time the chanc< s are
he captain will be exonerated.
Point Wilson is well known to navi
gators, and many a disas er has occurred
there. About a year ago the British ship
Kilbrannon went ashore there and became
• total, loss. Coasting vessels have also
met their fate on the same point, an ; it
has become a place marked on the chart
"to be kept clear oi" by all shipmasters.
Captain C. Miner Goodall of Goodall,
Perkins & Co. left for the scene of the
wreck last night. 'Is near as I can
gather," "said he, "the Umatilla went
ashore in a densa fog. So far we have re
ceived no definite news, but I do not think
tne vessel is in much danger. She will
Siave to be docked and repaired, but I
; tiiak that inside of a mon'.h she will be in
fan Francisco again. The lo*s will be
heavy, but I think the insurance will
cover it."
Captain Gooda'l will assume command
•in his arrival at Port TownsenU, and will
do all in his power to get ibe vessel off the
rocks.
SEEKING A COAST MART.
Mission of Japanese Cca-Mine
Owners to the United
States.
Will Attempt to Introduce Their
Fuel in the San Francisco
Market
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 29. — Rokuro
Osuimu, general manager of the Hokkaido
Colliery and Railway Company of Sap
poro, Japan, and M. Suzuki, general man
ager of the Sumitomo Company of O-aka,
are here. Mr. Oshirua arrived on the Em
press of India, and comes to this country
for a threefold purpose; To inspect Ameri
can methods of coal mining, to purchase
the most improved machinery, and inci
dentally to endeavor to intro luce his coal
in the San Francisco market. He ba«
visited the New Westminster and Comox
mines in British Columbia. Said tie to
day:
"After I have gone through the Wash
ington mines I shall go to California, and
irom there tiiroueh the Eastern and
dontbern States. I undersiand that in
Colorado, Pennsylvania, Virgi. ia and
Alabama there Are fine mine.*, and I want
to see them all. Our mines are in Hok
kaido Island, about 800 miles from Tokio,
and consist of four properties. T>e arg
est. the Yeubari, prouines annually abou.
.300.000 tons; the other three together pro
tuce about tbe same amount. The lamest
coal mines in our conmrvare in Kiv:shu
Isliini. They employ .000 men and turn
out 600,000 tons per annum. Our principal
outsi.ie inakets are In Shanghai, Hong
kong and Honolulu. We like your people
and want to do business with them. Mr.
Suzuki's company operate-i a large cotton
iactory. He is here also to study im
proved methods."
ARRAIGNED AT NAPA.
William Moore Reiterates in Court the
Declara ion That He Murdered
Mrs. Greenwood.
NAPA, Cal., Sept 29.— William Moore
Hpueared before Justice Bradlord this
afternoon for his preliminary bearing on
the charge ot hnving killed Mrs. Green
wood here in 1891. As Carl Sc midl was
not p r e-ent District Attorney Bell asked
that the examination be continued until
Tuorsday morning at 10 o'clock, saying
that further effort* would be made to have
Schmidt present. Justice Bradford granted
the request. As District Aitorney Bell
said tnat tbe case woul i be prosecuted to
the bitter end a smile was on the
prisoner* face. Moore asked tue nrivilege
of making a statement, and, permission
beinu granted, spoke as follows:
• Th Court, Your Honor, Ladies ami Gen
:emn: I suppose you are aware that
down among the orange blossoms of L'-s
Angeles County I gave myself up to the
sheriff. 1 wnie ud here — I doji't want to
« omplimeni you people too much ; for you
have treated me very well — came up among
t c vineyards of Napu County, to your
beautiful tittle city, be ore y>iir learned
Dib rict Attorney. I made affidavit that
1, and I alone, had killed Mrs. Greenwood.
If I didn't, what was the motive in doing
that? I stop right there now until the
preliminary examination. If I did not,
what was the motive in signing those
papers? That is all I have to bay, only I
will say tbat I ha I not lived in this county
for a period of time two weeks prior to the
killing o« Mrs. Greenwood."
Tiam'd an Yuba't Sheriff.
MARYSVIIiLE, Cal., Bept. 29. — The
Board of Supervisor? of Yuba county to
day appointed Daniel P. Ponahoe oi this
c:ty Sheriff to fill the vacancy caused by
thn death of S. E. Inlow, in August.
Donatioe was a dark horse in the race for
the position. The other candidates were
L j e Inl«w, son of the deceased Sher ff, and
W. £. Atkinson, Supervisor from W heat
iaud.
MILLIONS ORA A
SAN DIEGO WAIF
Though Heir to a Fortune,
Harold Bradley Was
Homeless.
DESERTED BY PARENTS
Now the Father Will Take the
Lad Back to a Life of
Luxury.
ROMANCE OF A DIVORCE COURT
A Case in Which a WeaUhy M chigan
Lumbeiman and His Wile Were
Principals.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 29.— There
was filed with the County Clerk t:.is morn
ing a modified decree of Judge Puter
baugh in the case of Kate A. Bradley vs.
E. W. Bradley, in which the custody of
the child, Harold, formerly awarded to the
mother, is now transferred to the care of
the father.
An interesting and romantic story is
uehind this little conrt item. On July 13
a divorce was granted to Kate A. Bradley
from F. W. Bradley, giving the custody
of the Bix-year-old boy, Harold, to th -
mother. Bradley is a memoer of the firm
of N. B. Bradley <fc Sons, lumbermen of
Bay City, Mich., and is reputed to be
worth over $1,000,000. The father. N. B.
Bradley, possesses a much larger fortune,
and the little boy, Harold, is heir to both.
Mrs. Bradley appeared at La Jolla last
December, where she rented a cottage
from Mrs. Mayes, and soon became highly
esteemed for her bright and charming
ways. Hsr little boy was with tier. It
became hinted about that the brilii&nt
Mrs. Bradley was iv California for the
t urpose of obtaining a divorce from her
husband, who was a very wicned man gen
erally.
About the Ist of February there alighted
from the train one day a handsome man —
Samuel A. Benton, lawyer, New York.
Mr. Benton immediately became very at
tentive to Mrs. Bradley, and in a few days
the neighbors began to whisper a little.
B it the shrewd woman c osed the moutn
of "Mrs. Grundy" by explaining that Mr.
Benton was an invalid, nere for his health,
a very old friend of the family and her at
torney >n her effort to obtain release from
her a'vful husband. Benton occupied the
cottage with Mrs. Bradley, but. as her
mother was always present, of course there
could be no harm in that.
After an idyiic life at La Jolla the New
Yorker suddenly disappeared. Mrs. Brad
ley's mother, who had come out from Bay
City, returned, 'leaving the pretty wotiul
le divorcee and her boy. Then," on July j
11, Mrs. Bradley told her landlady, Mrs.
Alaye9, tba; stie was about to marry Ben
ton, and would liKe to leave her boy with
tbe kind-hearted old lady. He would be
so troublesome on the honeymoon, she
said. Mrs. Mayes consented. Within two
days the divorce was granted. The mys
terious and handsome B-non appeared
promptly and went away with Mrs.
Bradley.
The next heard from the couple was a |
letter, dated at New YorK, to Mrs. Mayes,
inclosing a check for the child's expenses,
but saying nothing about sending for him.
Two months passed and Mrs. Mayes be
came worried. Finally she notified tbe
grandmother at Bay City of the situation,
requesting an immediate answer. She re
ceived in rtply a dispatch telling her to
await written instruction. In the mean
time she bad a!so received a letter from
Mr. Benton of New York to trie effect that
Mrs. Bradley-Benton in her new relation j
did not think it wise to assume the care of
a child, and had decided to let the father
have it, but that the father, who was lead-,
ing a gay bachelor's life in tne East, did
not fe«l the proper parental regard for his
child, and did not want it, either.
So ihe poor little ellow, who to save his
life cannot tell why he is causing so much j
trouble and who is the direct heir to mil- |
Huns, was in danger ol being turned ad: 'ft
on the world unless Mrs. Mayes consented
to care for him on her own responstbLity.
Now, however, through the efforts cf
Bradley's attorneys, the matter has been
adjusted, ami six-year-old Harold will
shortly be transported across the conti
nent.
Benton, who has played such a promi
nent part in the affair, is said to be a well
icnown criminal lawyer of New York City.
MRS. D UNNEI'S HEIRS LOSE.
Ihe Fight for PoM*e*aion of Warner'*
1 nn el> tnd* in f-ailur*.
SAN DIEuO, Cal., Sept. 29.— Judge
Torrence to-day denied the pla.iitiffs' mo
tion lor a new trial of the case of John
Kelly et al. vs. J. Downey Harvey, admin
istrator of the estate of ox-Governor
Downey. The action was brou ht by
heirs of Governor Downey's spcond wife
to secure possession ot Warner's ranch in
this county, comprising some 20,000 acres
and valued at $200,000. At the tnai of the
case some months ago an old deed was
offered in evidence by the plit n iff us
provme a transfer of property to his wite,
luit Jud>;e Torrence d-cided against the
heirs un th- ground that the deed hai
never b-en delivered. The plaintiffs
thereupon made a ruoti n lor a new trial,
and this has just been denied.
El t'trjon'x liib'iccn Crop.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 29.— Results
how that the cultivation of tobacco in
this county is an unqualified success, and
the firm of McCab*, Johnson <fe Halsted
in 'his city contemplates going in;o the
bosioesa on n la'^e ncale. Twelve acres
planted nt El Cajon, eighteen miles east
of here, on May 10 last, has made a won
deriul yell as to quantity and quality,
experts pronouncing the tobacco better
for high-crude c:cars than most of that
drought rora the South aid East. Apart
of El Cajon tract was panted to the
Sumatra variety, which has done as well
as the Havana variety.
t'ni'hctl by a Bowlder.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Bept. 29.— Harry
Moody, a 19-v ar-old lad, was klled this
afternoon while working at the Morena
dam, near Campo. Mnody and a com
;>.inion, John Henry, were engaged in
clemne the hillside of loose rock, and
stood on a large bowlder to pry out an
other rock. Tne bowlder started to roll
with them, and both w- re run over.
Moody was instantly killed, but Henry
will recover from his inju-ies.
•>
Chief Hrmnina Exonerated.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., S^pt. 29.— At a meet
ing of the Board, of Police Commissioners
to-day Chief of Police Brenning was ex
onerated of the charges made by Mayor
v arlson a few weeks a o, and by a vote of
tour to one, Mayor Carlson casting the
minority vote, Chief Brenning was re
tained.
(%.ilY>i/V ».,.r .«* .
ALBANY, ok., Sept. 29. — Mrs. Nathan
Bond, aged 70 years, a pioneer resident of
this county, committed suicide on the
farm of her son last night by taking poi
son. Her body was fovmd in a grove.
She Lad fastened a rope arour.d her neck,
end put a pail with a board upon it under
the limb of a tree. After taking the poi
son ihe evidently intended to hans her
self, but succumbed to the poiscm before
her pian could be carried out.
SAN RAFAEL TRIAL ENDS
Convict A on' a Slayer Found •ChtUty
of Second Orgree Murder.
BAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 29.— The
fate of Robert Kelly, the convict charged
with the murder of Convict Arrison,
passed into the bands of te jury to-day.
After a short deliberation it returned a
verdict of murder in thejsecond degree. •.
A brother of Kelly, who attended the
trial regularly, and who has always occu
pied a seat near the defendant, to-day
aroused the suspicion of Sheriff Harrison,
who cau-ed him to be searched. • A loaded
revolver was found on his person, and he
was arrested for carrying a concealed
weapon. Judge Angelotti will deliver
Kelly's sentence Monday, October 12.
The crime for which Kelly is convicted
was committed in San Quentin prison.
Kelly and Walter A. Arrison were s'en
struggling in Arrison's cell. ; A murder
ous thrust with a long knife wad dealt by
Kelly. The defense has used a great
number of witnesses, all of whom testi
fied that Arrison had previotts.y threat
ened to do bodily harm to Kelly." Kelly,
who was at the time df tragedy serving a
term in San Quentin for a felony, is about
30 years of age, small and slenderly built.
This i? his second trial, the jury having
disagreed in the first. \ •' '
BERI NG SEA SEALERS.
The Season's Catch £«»'« Than Half That
of Lamt Tear-
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 29.— When the
sealing schooner Morrill sailed into port
to-day, a cruise of exactly nine months
was ended. The Momil sailed from here
direct for Japan and had a terrible time
getting across. It made the regular round,
sealing northward along the coast of Japan
and not touching port alter leaving Hako
date until it. struck Attu, on this side.
The vessel was on the Japanese sid« up to
the loth of July, and had bad weather for
sea'ing.
The highest catch in the sea was by the
schooners Favorite and Sapphire, about
800 to 900 each. The Diana and Casco had
the best lucfc on the Japanese coast, tak
ing nearly 1000 seals each. Some of these
had about twenty canoes each. The Mor
rill had but five boats. The entire catch
of the fleet will not be half of that of last
year.
Not a word was brought of the missing
schooner Lincoln or E. E. Webster, the
otter hunter. They spoke the schooner
Emma on about the 3d or 4th of Septem
ber. It is an otter hunter, and had four
teen skins. Tne Emma reported that the
Webster had not been seen since April.
WEALTH OF SANTA CLARA
Varied Array ot Products on Ex
hibition at the San
Jose Fair.
Visitors Marvel at the Resources of
the County— Concert in the
Pavilion- •
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 29.— county
fair is being well attended. This evening
the San Jose Orchestral Society, composed*
of thirty-live musicians under the direc
tion of Professor F. Loui King, gave one
of the finest concerts ever heard in this
city. The programme was as follows:
Grand march, "La Carnival"... *. Faust
Tropical dance, "Belle Creole" Herman
Overture. "Merry vVlvesof Windsor" Nlcolal
Cornet so o. "Concert, Polka" Caizie
Mr. Roberts.
RoiMo Mllltalre .•. vßehrv Behr
"Fa^keltanz" (torchlight dance) Meyerbeer
Valse, "Glacier Gaiaen" ." Keier Beta
March, "Coroiratlon" K retcn
Overture, "iiuettede Portici" Meyerbeer
The fair is the best and most complete
exhibit of Santa Clara County products
ever made*. Perhaps no other community
in the world could produce such a varied
display of its products, and visitors mar
vel at the exposition. It is an old-time
county fair on ah extensive scale, and
nearly everything raised and manufac
tured in the county is shown. The dried,
canned and green fruits and wine exhibits
are especially fine.
Never before has such a fine exhibit of
oil paintings been been in this city as is
on exhibition in the art department. In
the woman's department is a fine display
of needle and fancy work. The commit
te»- of awards has made the following
awards for the best displays on th«» open
ing night: Home products, J. H. Flick
mger&Co.; commercial department, L.
Lon it Sons Company.
To-morrow evening the San Jose Turn
Verein will have charge of the pro
gramme. .
AVender Take , to San Quentin.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 29— Harvey Al
lender, who is to be hanged at San Quen
tin on December 11 for the murder of Miss
Walburga Feilner in this city on August 9
last, was taken to that prison this moan
ing by Det uty Sheriff Gardner and Con
st ble Mathews. Allender was in a
cheerful mond and displayed no signs of
nervousness. I'esterday he ba c his
father and brother good-by, He requested
them not to appeal his case, as he was
willing to suffer the penalty of his crime.
To Frame a Charter.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 29.— The citizens'
committee to-dny selected the following
candidates for a board of freeholders to
frame a new charter: Frank Stock, V.
Koch, T. E. Beans, A. S Kittrcdge, W.
B. Hunter, W. J. Alexander, W. B Har.iy,
C. M. Woos.er, D. J. Porter, M. O'Brien,
H. J. B. Wright, C. H. Allen, S. E. Smith,
J. E. Auzerais, D. C. Yes al.
Erplwtintf Beer Drtttroy* Hit Sight.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 29.— As the re
sult of the explosion of a bottle of steam
beer, Ben Lo an, barkeeper of the Parlor
saloon, was obliged to have his right eye
removed to-day, a piece of glass having
destroyed it. „
♦
Snuiali'n Blourn* lliih Stockton.
SAUSALITO. Cal , Sept. 29.— The Town
Hall is draped in mourning out of respect
to the m mory of the late James W.
S perry of Stock;on. Mr. Sperry's death is
mourueit by a multitude of tr.ends here
abouts. He was the first Mayor o: S:uisa
lito, lirst president of tlu- Boaru of Trus
tees and the fir^t president of the Fire
Department. The Trustees will adopt res
olutions expressive of regret and esteem.
Sautalito Pool-Seller Convxeted.
SAUSALJTO, Cal., Sept. 29.— Another
blow was dealt to the local pool-&eliers
tins morning, when a verdict of guiliy in
the case of William Jackman, or "Enn
lifili Bill," was returned. Jackman's trial
was held last night before Judge Pryot.
The jury was charged shortly after 11
o'clock and <li<i not arrive at a -erdict un
til 2 o'clock in the morning. This is
Jackman's becond conviction.
Ttnrred. From 10-c« ie R**erve».
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 29— Judge Bel
linger hae susta ned the Government's
position as regards the pasturing of sheep j
on the Cascade iorest reserve, and in a
lengthy decision rendered to-day he ove r - j
rule'i the demurrer to the complaint in
the suit of the United States vs. the Tygh
Valley Land and Livestock Company.
The court says sheepmen must keep their
tlocks off the reservation.
GALE SWEEPS
DUTCH HARBOR
Seven of the British Cutter
Satellite's Seamen
Drowned.
SHIPS BOAT CAPSIZED.
Disaster Overtakes a Squad Sent
to the Aid of a Smaller
Craft.
BUT ONE MAN REACHES LAND.
Those Whcm They Sought to Rescue
Were Already Sate on the
Shore.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 29.— The sail
ing schooner M. M. Morrill, Captain Can
tillion. ot this City, arrived last night at
Schwabacber's dock direct from Unalaska
after a cruise of nine months* sealing on
the Japan coast and Bering sea. The
schooner brings the news of the loss of
seven men from- the British cruiser
Satellite in Dutch Harbor on the
night of September 4 during one
of the worst storms that ever
struck tbe coast. The men went out in
one of the ship's boats to save another
smaller boat from the vessel containing
two men. Eight men, under command of
the first lieutenant, were in the boat tbat
left the Satellite. It was, as far us could
be learned, picked up bodily by tho wind
and overturned. One of the sailors swam
ashore; the others were not again seen.
The next morning their boat was seen
high and dry on the beach on the opposite
«ide from the town. The. two men whom
the lieutenant's crew started out to save
reached the land in safety.
Dutch Harbor is a land-locked bay not
far from Unalaska, and an ordinary storm
cannot affect shipping there. The storm
that struck the place on the evening of
the 4th o! September ia described by the
crew of the sealer Morrili as a hurricane.
The Satellite was anchored over a quarter
of a mile from shoro, while the Morrill
was tied against a wharf with eight lines
out. The vessels weie not disturbed, and
except for the loss of life no great damage
was done.
On the afternoon preceding the storm at
night two sailors from the Satellite went
out in a small boat fishing, and had not
returned when the gale broke over the
little harbor. No one doubted that the
big. well-made boats of the cutter would
ea*ily ride out the storm. Orders were
given to lower one and go in search of the
smaller boat. Soon after this boat was
lowered it went down, and the one man
who escaped swam to s ore, where he re
mained until the next morning. Then it
was learned that the two men out in the
smaller boat had made for shore when the
storm broke out and were safe.
The crew of the Morrill say Dutch Har
bor never presented such a grand sight as
it did that night. Wsves of great height
broke on the b^ach with the noise of heavy
guns, and the harbor becatre one mas.-* of
white spray and foam. It was impossible
to lower a boat after the storm got, to its
height.
_' ■ *EW TO* DAT. it
• ARM IN ARM.
Quality and style are like twin brothers at oar
house— always Inseparable— when you see one you
see the other.
• * • ;- ■ ' *• ' '':'■
a
Our way of doing busi-
ness . •':
Novelties as soon as they appear ;
nothing too good or too fine for us. If
what you buy is unsatisfactory in any
way. return it, pet something else for
it, or get your money.
We sell the b^st Clothing there is—
made by Brokaw Bros, and Rogers,
Peet & Co., New Yo.k. ,
This 'week we offer an astounding
va'ue in Men's A 1-Wool Fuits, plaids
and plain colors pprfert-fi ting gar-
ments ; our price, $7.50. . .
A great bars in in Men's All-Wool
i Overcoats; plain colors and mix d
goods,»perfect fitting.- Worth a great
deal more than our price— &3.O.
Splendid things lor little money In
• the Boys' and Children's Departments.
Mall orJers please us and p'.easo yon.
:■■■■!■ -m^MMIIM
"Cheap" . carpets are
strangers here.
Prices are low enough —
as low as you can pay and
get moneys worth.
carpets— money-
| wasters.
New furniture catalogs- ready. Free.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Cole & Co.) . . .
117 Geary Street.
3
-.4
MONSTER RALLY
AT SAUSALITO
Marin County Republicans
Take the Town by
Storm.
THREE ABLE SPEECHES.
Barham, Dickinson and Roberts
Discuss the Issues of
the Campaign.
BONFIRES LIGHT THE STREETS.
Voters Crowd the Big Ferry Depot lo
the Doors— Enthusiastic
for McKinley.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept 29.— One of the
greatest political rallies held in Marin
County during the present campaign was
that of to-night in the big ferry depot,
under the auspices of the McKinley and
Hobart Club of Sausaiito. Bonfires blazed
on every street-corner during the evening.
The principal speakers were Congressman
J. A- .Barham, Colonel J. A. Roberts and
General J. H. Dickinson. Captain C. (.'.
Bruce, O. C. Miller, J. C. Campbell and J.
T. Harmes acted as vice-presidents of the
meeting. H. C. Campbell was choirman
aad introduced the speakers.
The stores along tbe front were lllumin-
ated with Chinese lanterns, and previous
to the' meeting the Richardson band un
der the • leadership of Professor 0. H.
Smith marched through the principal
streets playing patriotic airs. The little
city was filled with visitors who had con
gregated from all parts of the county. The
Sausaiito Electric Light Company had
placed in the depot a half score of lights
and a large speaker's stand was erected in
the big structure, together with enough
seats to accommodate 1000 persons.
The depot was crowded and the audience
manifested the greatest enthusiasm when
ever the name of McKinley was mentioned
or protection was advocated. The speak
ers compared the Democratic record of the
past four years with that of the Republi
can party; made plain the need of protec
tion to American industries; explained
the stand of the Republican party as the
Only true friend of bimetallism, and
showed up the policy of Bryan and Alt
g*eld in Its true light. The meeting ad
journed with cheers for McKinley, Barham
and Diccinson. « ,
♦
SOLO COUNTY REPUBLICANS.
notification Sleeting follows the >om
inatiny Contention.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— The Yolo
County Republican County Convention
was held to-day. o It was called to order
by E. I). Gaddis, chairman of the Cpunty
Central Committee. H. U. Prindle was
elected chairman and Frank H. Owens,
editor of the Winters Express, secretary.
The platform ratified the nominations
and indorsed the platform of the National
Republican Convention. The nomination
of Congressman S. G. Hilborn for re-elec
tion was indorsed. The nominee for the
Assembly was instructed to yoie for the
re-election of George C. Perkins to the
United States Seriate. Ed E. Gaddis was
nominated for Superior Judge by acclama
tion.
Dr. James cT. Martin of Woodland and
Arthur N.orth of Winters aspired to the
Assembly nomination. North was vic
torious. The nominations for Supervisors
were: Fourth District, T. J. Taughan of
Woodland ; Fifth District, John Fredericks
of Madison, the incumbent. la the First
District there is a deadlock between Ezra
Casselman, the incumbent, and J. Corn
Tt;e ratification meetine this evening
WEst/y far the largest political demonstra
tion' of the campaign. It was the formal
opening of the campaign and new Armory
Hall e was crowded with enthusiastic Re
publicans, representing all parts of .the
county. Bonfires and a salute of twenty
guns preceded the speaking. 8. T. Jlow
der presided and the speakers Were J). A.
McKiulay, candidate for Presidential
Elec:or, ana Hon. S. G. Hi! born, candi
date for re-election to Congress. Both
were accorded close attention and .their
teliing points were loudly applauded.
1 »
. RALLY at Ayj>EKspy.
Republican Gathering Addressed by
°o Son. E. S. Llppclt.
ANDERSON, Cal.. Sept. .23.— The Re
publicans of Anderson -were "in the
saddle" last night. "While guns, roaied
and .huge bonfires sent out their forked
tongues skyward, they assembled in num
bers *at Bedford's Hall to listen to the
eloquent address of Hon. E. S. Lippett.
The McKinley and Hobart Club had charge
of the meeting. Its president, •J. H.
Creijr.hton, who is also a member of the
county executive committee, presided, and
the following vice-presidents occupied
seats on the platform: J. H. Treat, H.
Bidweil, H. K. Pettigrcve, H. P. Dodson,
E. Anderson, A. Schunran, J. H.Camp
bell. The. audience was composed prin
cipally of farmers and fruit-raisers. Mr.
Lippeti's remarks on the silver question
were listened to with marked attention.
When the name of William McKinley was
mentioned the applause was tumultuous.
a «.
ItJiD BLVFV MASS-MEETIXG.
Voter* 6tar Words of WUdoin That fall
I'roin a Democrat* Zips. '
■ RED BLUFF, Cal., Sept. 29.— Hon. E.
S. Lippitt addressed a gathering at the
paviiion this evening in the interest of
McKinley and prosperity. He spoke re
gretfully of the fact that either he had
left his old love, the Democratic party, or
that the party had left him. Plank by
plank he took up the Chicago platform
and exhibited it in ail its deformity, nay
ing particular attention to the demand for
free riot. He eulogized President Cleve
land.for his stand against anarchy at the
time of the Chicago strikes. A severe re
buke was administered to those who would
not respect the office of President, regard
less of the political affiliation of the in
cumbent. Special attention was given to
the fallacy of free silver, after which the
meeting adjourned with three rousing
cheers for the next President, William
McKinley.
! . * .
SANTA BARBARA PUNION.
Democrats Indorse Populist Candidates
for the legislature.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 29.—
The Democratic County Convention met
to-day at Channel City HalL The meet
ing was well attended and considerable
enthusiasm manifested. Resolutions were
j>assed indorsing Bryan and silver. The
following nominations were made: Su
perior" Judge. W. B. Cope. Supervisors:
First District, J. G. Deadnck; Third, W.
W. Broughton ; ; Fourth, Edward de la
Cueste. A. M. Powell, ■ the Populist
nominee, received the manimous vote for
Assemblyman from this dijtrict, and W.
E. Shepnerd of Ventura, also a Pojuiist
candidate, was indor-ed for Siate Senator
at the joint meeting of delegations Jrum
this and Ventura counties.
J'ERKISS 1 ;/.K> AT MERCED.
3he tieneftts of n frotectire Tariff Ex-
plained to Voters.
MERCED, Cal., Sept. 29.— The largest
audience that has greeted any of the polit
tical shakers during this campaign as
sembled at the pavilion this evening to
listen to Senator George C. Perkins. The
large hall was crowded. Senator Perkins
was in good voice. He reviewed the his
tory anidoingsof the R-publican party
in a plain but forcib c manner. He <le
votpd the greater part of his time to the
protective tariff. Ho snowed the disas
trous result of the tariff-reform policy.
The Senator was frequeutly interiupted
by outbursts of applause.
Riverside Xoniinte* Ineligible.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Sept. 29.— 80 th the
Republican and Democratic parties in this
county have been unfortunate in the
selection of nominees for the Assembly,
for it has developed since the conventions
that bo;h men are ineligible. D. E.
Myers, the Democratic nominee, has not
resided in the State the statutory three
years, and the Central Committee of the
party met here to-ilay and named in his
stead H. S. Mason, a prominent farmer of
Murrieta. Since tbe nomination of
George H. Dole by the Republicans it has
been discovered that there it a strong
probability that he is not eligible, it being
alleged that he. formerly held office in tbe
Sandwich Islands, in which place he
lived for years. The Attorney-GeneraL
has been requested to give an opinion.
Gilrny Hrpublictns in Line.
GILROY. Cal., Sept. 29.— The Republi
can campaign in Gilroy was formally
opened to-night by a rousing meeting at
Music Hall. Henry Hecker, president of
the Republican Club, called the gathering
to order. R. M. Ryan introduced Colonel
T. V. Eddy of San Francisco, who held the
attention of the large assemblage for over
two hours. He con lined his remarks prin
cipally to an exhaustive history of the sil
ver question. Bonfires blazed in the prin
cipal streets and a band of music played
lively airs. •
•
lonr'a t.nthuiia»iic Republican*.
IONE, Cal., Sept. 29.— The Republican
campaign was formally opened here last
evening, with Hon. Grove L. Johnson,
Judge J. F. Davis and Colonel Hartsell as
speakers. George Woolsey was called to
the chair, and introduced Mr. Johnson,
who made a splendid impression on itie
audience by his conservative and logical
argument. Colonel Hanzell followed with
a. few brief words, and Judge Davis kept
tbe people cheerinz with his forcible and
e'oquent presentation of the political
questions before the people.
McKinlav at Vallejo
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 29.— D. E. Mc-
Kinlay of Santa Rosa, Republican candi
date for elector at large, addressed a large
audience at FarraL'Ut Hall to-day. The
Independence band supplied music.
Many prominent citizens occupied seats
on tne platform. Tbe speaker aroused
much enthusiasm, and by his able and
logical utterances made many converts.
Mrs. Catt at Colusa.
COLUSA, Cal., Sept. 29.— Mrs. Curie
Chapman Catt spoke here to-night to one
of the largest audiences ever assembled in
the local theater. All adjacent towns
were represented. A dinner in Mrs. Cult's
honor was given this afternoon and to
morrow morning she will be tendered a
reception at the residence of Mrs H. M.
Aibery. She goes from here to Willows.
__
yarned in the Fifty- Seventh.
MODESTO, Cal., Sept. 29.— it. S.
Emery, a resident of Oakdaie, Las been
nominated by the Republicans of the
Fifty-seventh Assembly District, com
posed of Stanislaus and Merced counties,
as candidate for the Assembly against
J. G: E.liott of Merced, the fusion
nominee. T * v
• • • ♦
Democrats Meet at Beniela.
BENICIA, Cal., Sept. 29.— The Demo
crats held a fairly well attended meeting
here to-night. It was addressed by T. J.
Clunie and Raleigh Barcar, candidate for
the Senate.
*
Stradley at Hollister
HOLLISTER, Cal., Sept 29.— Hon. W.
S. Stradley opened the Democratic cam
paign here last evening, speaking to a
large audience.
A PORTLAND MOTHER'S PLOT.
: She Charged Innocent Persons With the
Murder of a Child to Hide Her
Daughter's Shame.
J PORTLAND, Or, Sept. 20.— Five per
j sons are in jail here to-night as the result
iof Mrs. Jennie Melcher's alleged at
j tempt to shield her daughter's reputation
■ and to fasten the crime of infanticide upon
an innocent man. Ti.e chares against
them is manslaughter. They are Dr.
W. H. H. Palmer, a well-known physician;
Mrs. * Melcher, who palmed off her
daughter's dead infant as her own and al
: leged its death was due to an assault upon
I her by W. 11. Maple and his wife previous
Ito the infant's birth; the woman's
I daughter, who was arrested near S. afford,
j Clackamas County, to which place she
i was spirited; W. H. L. Melcher, the ad
i venturess' husband, and F. J. McMahon,
j a farmer of Oregon City, her first husband,
j wno was taken into custody as a witness
and was held for manslaughter to-day.
It is alleged that F. J. McMahon brought
i the daughter of Mrs. Melcher to a lodg
j ing-house, where the child was born, with
; Dr. Palmer as the attending physician.
; McMahon took the youne rnotlier away
i and hid her. Mrs. Melcher claimed the
I child as her own. Tne plot against Maple
was conceived and he and his wife would
have been charged with the babe's death
bad it not been for timely discoveries.
So well did Mrs. Meiciier pluy on
the credulity of a Coroner's jury that
spectators'- were melted to tears at her re
cital and there was talk of lynching the
Maples without the formality of a trial.
SAN LUIS RET AFFRAY.
Outlaw Jlenteriat' Son Arrested for a
Hecent -ii nun tig
SAN DIEGO, Cal., bent. 29.— San Luis
Key Valley was the scene of a shooting
scrape on Sunday between Isidor Ren
terias, son of the old outlaw who was shot
by Constable llubbert a year ago while he
was trying to pick off officers from am
bash, and a man named Estrella. Young
Renterias and Estrella quarreled ovor a
trifling matter. The former shot at Es
trelia with a rifle and immediately took to
the hills.
Estrella was not injured, but Renterias
was evidently of the opinion that he had
killed him, for the young out'aw took pos
session of an old notice in the mountains
and defied . the officers. He was induced
by strategy to come out, when his ai rest
was effected. Young Kentenas has twice
been in toe Wbiuier State School, but the
authorities then* were glad when be es
caped the last time and no effort was made
to get him back..;s9Bßß3ttßH
,-. — — «
I'lirftiijc Aewipaper Attached.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Sept. 29.— Arizona
Daily Republican has been attached by
the Valley Bank of ceniT. to secure
payment of a claim for about $1500. Editor
Wol fly asserts that the .claim will be paid
and the paper issued as heretofore.
— : — "■ • — ♦ ' »' • ■
Borrow on sealskins, stiita ami jewels at Uncle
U&xrla', 15 tiruu uv«mu«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
WOOING HEALTH
AT SAN RAFAEL
Rapid Recovery of a Man
Whose Neck Was
Broken.
WILLIAM BOURNE'S LUCK
Shows No Bad Effects of the Fall
That Almost Caused His
Death.
OWNS TWO STRANGE CURIOS.
Portions of His Spinal Column Held
as Souvenirs of the
Accident
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept 29.— Genial
"Billy" Bourne, who made himself famous
the world over a few months ago by suffer
ing a broken neck and living to tell how the
sensation felt, is now summering in San
Rafael and is as well as he was before be
W. T. Bourne, Who Can Tell How
It Feels to Have One's Neck
Broken.
I fell over the balusters in the lodginc-
I house at the corner of Kearny and Bush
I streets.
In the collection of curios in his room
tbe most curious are two cervical verte
bire, white as ivory, fastened together by
j silver threads. They were once in
Bourne's own neck. It was found neces
sary to remove them while he was under
treittnient at the German Hospital.
Bourne relates the story of the accident
with a strong, hearty voice, and points to
the deep scar of the incision through
which the bones were taken with no ten
der touch. The only difference his friends
notice in bis appearance is a slight droop
of his bead forward. Formerly he stood
very erect.
"Following a seve/e attack of typhoid
pneumotfla," said he, "I became subject
to occasional convulsions closely resem
bling epileptic fits. These would take
me wholly without warning and would
j last for several minutes. The morning
when the accident occurred I had got
up to get the Sunday paper although 1
was feeling quite miserable at the time.
Somebody had taken the paper from the
door so I started out thinking I would get
one at a newsstand.
"A friend met me on the stairs and in
sisted on going with me, saying I looked
very ill. WuN we returned and were
walking along the hail of the second floor
I !eit one of these spasms coming over me
and pulled quickly away from my friend.
That i-; all I can remember until I came
to in bed and found the doctor over me. I
suffered no pain at all and tried to get up,
but he pushed me back teiltneme that my
neck was broken ami that I ought by good
rights to be (Jcnd. Mv head rolled around.
I had no control over it.
"My friend told me that wht>n I drew
away from aim I threw up my arms ar.d
fell over the railing, down* the stair
well, striking on my head on the hard
floor twenty odd feet below. Itis strange,
out since theu I have had no more epi
leptic fits."
Tue remarkable menoing process that
■\vjis used on the broken spinal column bu
already oeen described. It was a mooted
question for a while whether bourne
would regain bit old strength and vigor.
The sunlight of Sun Rafael lias completed
the miracle, and Bourne declares he is
stronger and more active than ever be
fore.
"Only," he adds, if you happen to be an
intimate friend and of robust build, i
please don't slarj my back with ail your
might. It don't hurt particularly, but
still you. might knocK another vertebra
out, you know."
. .
CAUGHT AT PRINEVILLE.
Runaway Boy Who Started to Join the
Cuban Insurgents,
PRINEVILLE. Ob., Sept 29.— J. F.
Hogg of Caleb, Grant County, arrived on
Sunday in quest of two lads — one his son
and the other a youth named West, aged
13 and 17, respectively. They left home
last Wednesday evening, taking $90 from
Hogg, and, mounted on two of hi* horses,
started out to join the Cubans. Hogg was
on their trail in a short time, arvl suc
ceeded in capturing tbe young insurgents
here Sunday evening. They hail the
horses and $85 in their possession. Pater
familias returned home with tne lads, and
will no doubt place the youthful insur
gents under Spanish discipline.
♦
MINING FROM SANTA BARBARA.
"Jack" Anderson's Creditor* Regret Sis
Sudden Departure.
Santa Barbara, cal., Sept. 29.—
"Jack" Anderson, for some years con
nected with the city staff of the Daily
ess and who has for a year or bo posed
as that paper's business manager, watched
with a suspicious eye the arrangements
made to expert the p'aper'a books prepara
toiy to a transfer of tiie journal to a new
stock company, am! suddenly departed
on Sunday night's stejmer going south.
Anderson has been » feature of Santa
Barbara's streets for several years, being
consp : cuons lor his immaculate white
troiyjereand Dutton hole bouquet of violets.
He is an Albino of pronounced type and
it will be difficult for him to eicape detec
tion.
The amount of his supposed shortage is
not yet ascertained, but he is in debt to
many tradesmen and succeeded in effect
ing cash loans, small and laree, irom
numerous acquaintances on the eve of his
departure. He was booked for Los
Aneelea, but left the steamer at Redondo,
and is believed to be en route for the
Mexican border, whither a warrant is pur
suing him.
ASCENDS QUILLAYUTE RIVER.
Captain Boyle Avoids Treacherous Rocks
by Utilizing Electric Lights
Unaer Water.
TACOMA, Wash.. Sept. 29.— Captain
Lawrence Doyle last week made a re
markable ascent of Quil.'ayute River, flow
ing from the Olympic Mountains into tbe
Pacific Ocean. He describes it as follows:
"There were six in our party. We pro
ceeded up the coast in the steamer Henry
Russell. Previous to last July, when I
made a similar trip, no steam craft had
ever entered Quillaynte River, because the
bed of the river Is rocky and dangerous to
navigate, especially at low tide. Captain
Johnson had no fear of the water, al
though it was necessary to enter the river
at night in order to catch tbe benefit of
tbe high tide. It was too dark to see the
rocks in the river, so a unique device was
arranged to throw light through the water
about the Dow of the craft. A projecting
iron hanger was made to run around the
bow lar down and on a level with the
keel. To this hanger was attached a
number of electric-lieht globes. Connec
tions being made with a dynamo on tne
boat an effulgence was thrown before the
craft. We then took lenres from a tele
scope and placed them at proper distances
in a long brass tube, which was thrust
into the water over the bow. Every ob
struction showed ud prominently and by
proceeding slowly we avoided all jagged
points and easily ascended the stream in
a few hours. The Indians came out in
canoes to greet us and as they gathered
around the steamer called it the 'big
smoke ship.' They were the most sur
prised lot of Indians I ev«r saw."
Captain Doyle intends patenting his de
vice and believes it can be made of general
use.
OVERDUE AT VICTORIA.
Search to Be Instituted by the Dominion
Officials for the Missing Chilean
Bark Lake Leman.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 29.— Captain
James Gaudin, agent of tbe Marine and
Fisheries Department, has received a let
ter from Chilean Consul Morris at Van
couver requesting that the Government
steamer Quadra be dispatched on a cruise
in search of tbe rriesing Lake Leman, for
whose safety anxiety is daily intensified.
The vessel is a Chilean bark, which was
last heard of on Friday, the 18th inst.,
when it wjs run into by the Italian bark
Lazzaro, which arrived" at Everett from
P.rie a few days later. The Leman was
en route to Royal Roads from South
America in ballast, and a thick fog pre
vailed at the time of the collision.
The skipper of tiie Lazzaro, fearing that
something of a grave nature had hap
pened through the accident, sent a boat
to the Chilean vessel and offered assist
ance, which waa declined, Captain Buzzo
of the Lake Leman saying that though his
headgear had been carried away he would
have no difficulty in arriving at his des
tination. An hour later tbe vessels
parted, and although many vessels have
since been in from the cape not one has
beard or seen anything of the long-missing
craft.
Captain Gaudin proposed to remain no
longer in doubt, and would have dis
patched the Quadra yesterday in search
of the Leman had the Government
steamer been ready. To-morrow she is to
go to Nanaimo for coal, sufficient to last
her a month if needed.
STRUCK A SUBMERGED REEF.
Disaster to the British Cruiser Wild Swan
in Callao Harbor — Request for
Assistance Sent.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept 29.— 1t it re
ported here to-night that H. M. S. Wild
Swan struck a submerged rock in Callao
harbor while under full speed. Those who
know the place say that the vessel's
chances for escape from total destruction
nre few. The Wild Swan is the smallest
cruiser in the Pacific Coast squadron and
a rather inferior type of vessel.
H. M. S. Comus leaves to-morrow for
the south, word having reached Admiral
Palhser to-day that the Wild Swan was in
a dangerous position.
Death of a Mantanita Pioneer.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 29.— Victor
Guerineau, proprietor of the Hunters' Re
treat at Manzanita, died yesterday from
typhoid pneumonia. Guerineau was a
pioneer of Marin County, having lived
here since 18U0. He was exceedingly pop
ular with the sporting fraternity, and his
retreat was a place wher« sportsmen de
lighted to congregate. He is reputed to
have laid away a comfortable store of
woridly goods.
City Void Strike.
NEVADA CITY, Cal.. Sept. 29.-One of
the richest mining strikes made here for a
long lime is reported at tne Cadmus mine.
A lodge three fret wive has been encoun
tered on the 200 level, tbe quertz from
which shows much free gold, many of the
large pieces a foot square beiny "chock
full' of the yellow. Indications are that
tiie rich shoot of ore is quite, extensive.
The Cadmus is owned by San Francisco
parties.
Menifee Child Jyi'ted.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., bept. 29.— A two
year-old child of William Newport of
Menifee lost us life in an accideDt to-day.
Newport was nut driving, accompanied by
| his two children. In crossing a small
Idi eh the carriage lurched and the chil
dren were thrown out. The elder escaped
unhurt, but tbe wagon wheel passed over
the neck of tbe younger child.
Death tit J'ire at Eujene.
EUGENE, Ob.. Sept. 29.— Rowen», the
18-months-old daughter of Mr. ana Mrs.
C. R. Bonney, died In awful agony last
night from burns received yesterday
morning. The child, while pluying about
the house with her brother, fell into the
fireplace. The mother neard its screams,
ana ran into the room tD find the child's
clothing in names.
Tia Jnina Hanelter Killed.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sent. 29 —Augustus
Jaussaud, a rancacr near the boundary
line at Tia Juana, was shot and instantly
knled at his home Sunday afternoon. He
was pulling a- loaded shotgun out of a
wagon when the weapon waa discharged,
the contents entering iiis breast and rang
ing downward.
Mo Grande Trains Jtunning.
SALT LAKE, L'tah. Sept. 29.— The Rio
Grande Western line, which experienced
such severe troubles by the flood.* in West
ern Colorado and Eastern Utah, baa re
sumed its transcontinental freight and
passenger service. Its eastbouna pass»n
ger trains left here on time this evening,
and no further delay is anticipated..
TO MEET AGAIN
IN LOS ANGELES
Methodists Announce the
Place for Next Year's
Conference.
THEIR LABORS ENDED.
Appointments Are Made and the
Gathering oi Delegates
Disperses.
WOBK OF THE CLOSING HOURS.
The Annual Celebration of La Fiesta
in the City of the Angels
Condemned.
Los Angeles Office of thh Call,)
328 South Broadway, >
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept 20. \
The work of tbe Southern California
Methodist Conference was concluded this
forenoon with the announcement of the
appointments of ministers for the suc
ceeding year. There were a number of
changes and transfers.
Thomas Stalker and W. A. Wright were
elected delegates to the National Anti-
Saloon League Convention in Washing
ton. Mrs. J. M. C. Depauw and Dr. W. A.
W T right were elected on the conference
board of deaconesses for three years, and
Rev. W. A. X nigh ten and Mrs. D. M.
Wells were appointed to fill vacancies
caused by the resignations of Mrs. A. E.
Houts of Santa Ana and Mrs. J. P. Wid
ney.
Lob Angeles was selected as the place
for the next annual conference.
Rev. Dr. Crawford of Pasadena was
chosen a fraternal delegate to the Congre
gational church, and L. M. Hartley to
present the greetings of tne conference to
the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Southern California. Resolu
tions condemning tbe annual celebration
of la fiesta, and especially the street car
nival in the evening, were passed unani
mously. A paragraph in tbe pastoral ad
dress, read by Martin Hilbish, expressing
sympathy for the wage-earners of the
country because of the aggression of mon
opoly produced a very animated discus
sion, several prominent ministers favoring
a motion to strike it out. By a close vote
the motion was lost and tbe address ap
proved as read.
The following were appointed conference
trustees: J. B. Green, T. E. Robinson, H.
Cox, W. A. Knigbten, J. A. B. W T ilson, A.
M. Hough and J. C. Williams. The min
isterial appointments follow:
Fresno District— T. C. Miller, presiding el
der. Arroyo Grande, C. H. Lawrence; Bakers
field. C 8. L:bbr;. Creston, 8. S. Sampson; De
lano, Alired Kamey; Ksstou and Traver,
S;eDnen (iascoigne; .Estrella, C. W. Tarr;
Fresno, H. C. Giilan; UoleU, J. \V. V&ncleve;
(jraneeville, H. W Waltz; H&nford, G. A. Mil
ler; Ilueueme. F. L. Morrili ; Kern, J. M. Bax
ter; Kernviile, to be supplied by \*. O. Oskins;
Lancaster, to be supplied by R. L. Bnyder;
Lompoc, J. PI. Henry; Los Alamos and Nipomo,
F. N.Johnson; i'a»o Robies, Robert Barton;
Piru, C. W. F. N'ehon; Porterville, H. & Mon
ger; Reedley, O. S. Frawles; Saticoy and Mon
lalvo, S. B. Wolport; Sanger, to ba supplied
by Martin Miller; Sau Luis Obispo, J. &L lii:-
Dish ; Santa Barbara, C. A. Westenberg; Santa
Paula, J. C. Gowan ; San Miguel, Martin Judy ;
Santa Maria, F. N. Lincoln ; Sespe and B»rds
dale, A. X. Fields; Selma, W, B. Bell; Loomis
circuit, to be supplied by George Haffeii ; Te
hachapi, M. A. Xeagher; TuUre, 8. H.
Enyeart: Veutura. E. S. Case: ViKalia, J. B.
Hoiloway; Waukena, C. J. Stowell; Edward
Thompson, agent of Sunday Leasrue of Amer
ica, member of Lancaster quarterly confer
ence.
Los Angeles District— J. B. Green, presiding
elder. Alhambra, T. E. Robinson; BurbanK
and Laukerbhim, G. C. Cole ; Compton, A. \Y.
Bunker; Downey and Santa. Fe Springs, W. G.
Cowai. ; Florence, I. G. Sigier; Gardena, L. L.
Rogers; Garvauza, J. A. U. Wilson; Glendale,
11. J. Crist; Lung Beach, Alfred lnwoou. Los
Angeles City— Asbury, E. 11. Healey; Boyle
Heights, i>. A. Thompson; Central, W. M.
Sterling; Centr'al-avt-nue, S. G. Bianchard;
Epworiu, Jolm I'iuinger; Firsi Church, J. A.
B. Wilson; KUth-street, lo be supplied; Grace
Church, J. C. Eliiott; liarinouy, to be sup
plied by J. P. Giltliand; Haven, J. Q. Healey;
Pico Hoiahts, A. B. Morrison; Sau Fernando
Street, to be supplied by S. A. Widney: Simp
si,!! Tabernacle, C. C. McLean; University, F.
M. Litrn.il ; Union-avenue, J. A. McMillan;
Vincent, w. A. Knighten; Wesley Chapel, S.
M Hawkins; Monrovia, F. D. Mather; Pasa
dena— First Church, Clsrk Crawford; North,
C. T. Wilson; South, A. H. Gun
nett; Prospect Park. R. C. Westerburs? ;
Redondo Beach, G. W. Coultas; San Fer
nando, I. L. Spencer; banta Monica, William
Stevenson ; Sau Pedro, to be supplied by A. J.
Marsh; Sem:, F. M. Warrington. R.A.John
son, J. R. Ross, S. D. Karens, H. F. Ward. E. H.
Fritz and W. 8. German are leU wiiaoui ap
pointmenU to attend to some of the church
school;:. At university— G. W. White, presi
dent; W. E. Phillip*, dean; A. Hardie, profes
sor in tne College of. Liberal Arts; \\ . s. Mat
thew, editor of th« California Christian Advo
cate; <i. F. Bovard, superintendent. O. J. Mc-
Fadden, C. J. Chase, D. Roberts and C. P. Wil
■on, mlssioaarlea to Arizona; J. H. Rosen and
\Y. n. Uoit, mii-Monaries to Nevada; E. b. Lit
tle, missionary to kin Kiang, China.
s.in Diego District — E. W. Uaswell, presiding
elder. A uaheiru, to be supplied ; Azusa, Henry
Cox; Arlington, L. D. Lioyd; Artesla, H. W.
Jennings; Beaumont and Banning, to be sup*
plied by F. a Miller; Chino, H. W. While;
Colton, Silas Sprowie.s; Covina, J. M. Rich;
C'.icmnor.ga, to be supplied by S. Chaffee; East
Riverside, M. Chase; El 9inore, W. H. Marks ;
E-conCido, William Pitiinger; Fairview, A. A.
Holden; Fallbroolc, W. F. Wenk; Fullenon,
W. A. Swain; Garden Grove, N. J. Burton;
Glentiora, J. S. Wren; Highlands, E. H. Dunuy;
La Mesa and Lemon Grove, to be EOppiied by
J. 3. OJia; Lords-burg, L. G. Spring; JJurietia,
J. M. Kichniond; National City and Coronado,
J. H.Avery; Oceansi.ie, F. D. Ashleigh; On
tario, W. A. Wright; Orange, Thomas Staiker;
Otai and Oneouta. C. J. lllller; Perrls, A. ML
GiDhons; Redlnnds, E. J. inwood; Riaito, W.
R. Goodwin; Riverside, A.C.Williams; San
Bernardino, E. O. Mcln tire; Santa Aua, Isaac
Jewel; San Dlogo City— A. A. Graves (Central),
L. M. Hartley (First Church); Ban Jaclnto,
Edward Hoacyn; South Riverside. John
Nichoison; West Highlands, to bo supplied by
L. A. Hibbard ; Westminster. W. L. Miller;
Wnlttier, Cnarles Leach; Winchester and
Heinot, C. M. Ross.
RIVERSIDE VS. SAN BERNARDINO.
The Legal Controversy Between the
Counties Comes to a Climax
at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 29.— The
long-pending legal controversy between
Riverside and Pan Bernardino counties
over their accounts has finally come to
trial befora Superior Judge McKinley in
this city. The suit was brought by River
side County, which was dissatisfied with
the adjustment adopted by the commis
sioners appointed to strike a balance be
tween San Bernardino County and that
portion of its old territory that was set
apart and is now included in Riverside
County. The morning was consumed in
reading the lengthy pleadings in the
case.
Riverside County claims that the find
ings of the commissioners waa the result
of a conspiracy to defraud in tbe adjust
ment of the affairs of the two counties.
The commissioners found that at the
time t.e act creating Riverside County
I took effect (Marca. U, 1893), tuo total in-
I dehtpdn^ss of San Bernardino County was
|163,719 29 and the total value of the prop
erty of the county f213.5i6 98, which made
an exce«s of property over liabilities of
$49.807 69. The assessed valuation of i?an
Bernardino was $36, 7*6 547 ana the as
sessed valuation in ttie territory set apart
was $3,382,572 Thi> commissioners de
cided upon 115,58682 as the amount to
which Kiverfuie County was entitled from
San Bernardino County.
Rivera de touiuy ciaiin-- that the fipures
were erroneous, asserting that Ban Brf
nardino's real deb: was oniy $40,139 42,
aod that the commissioners added 10 that
$163,719 29 for salaries and expenses of
county officers from March 11, 181>i}, to
January 1, 1595, which they had no busi
ness to do, claiming i: was not i'ldebteu
ne?s in the meaning of the act. Riverside
Cotin'.y further claims ti.at the property
estimate of San Bernardino Couiity was
erroneous and should be $4G5,4i7 20. As a
result of tbe manner in winch the plaintiff
figures it is claimed that Riverside County
is entitled to $13-027 09, instead of
$15,586 82, and the court is requested to so
adjudge.
In their answer to tfie complaint the
San Bernardino side alleges that far from
attempting to defraud Riverside Coun»y
many items were not included which
should have been by the commissioners,
and lhat in reality River»id»» County is
not entitled lo mor« than $10,000.
MURD ER IN CHINATOWN
A Mongolian Woman Shot and Killed by
One of Her Race.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 29.— A Chinese
woman named Ah Hoe Toy was shot and
killed by some Chinaman unknown to
night at 11:30 o'clock in a room that she
occupied in a building in Sixth-street,
Chinatown, near Jackson street. Three
shots were fired from a 40-caliber revolver,
and all of them took effect in the woman's
side, killing her instautly.
Chinamen who live in the neghborhood
beard the shots tired and admit that they
saw a man running away from the place
immediately afterward, but the witnesses
refuse to disclose who the man was.
The murdered woman is sairi to be the
wife of a Chinaman named Hong Wine
who left San Jose a week ago for Marys
ville to collect money owing to him there.
The motive for the crime is übt known.
Body found in the Sacramento
CHICO. Cal., Sept. 29.— The body of
Doreatav Secenia, a Portuguese, who was
drowned off the Bteamer Dover in Sacra
mento River at MonroevilJe on January
28, 1896, was found half a mile above
Litch Landing yesterday morning by the
crew of the steamer Red Bluff.
SHOT THE WHOLE FAMILY
James Isaac Newton of Houston
Went Gunning at His
Father-in-Law.
Wounded Every One in the House,
Looking for a Wile Who Had
Left Him.
HOUSTON, Tex, Sept. 29.— Last night
James Isaac Newton walked into tbe home
of his fatt;er-in-law, Thomas L. Lyons,
witb a pistol in his bands and began
shooting. Lyons was shot in the bead,
receiving a flesh wound. Mrs. Thomas L.
Lyons, his wife, aged 60 years, was shot in
the right cheek, through the left arm and
through tbe left hand. Thomas W. Lyons,
j a son. aged 30, was shot through the left
side of the neck. The wounds of the son
and old lady will probably result fatally.
He shot three times at bis own son, 13
| years of age, but con* of the shots took
i effect. Mrs. Newton, his wife, was not
present Newton was disarmed by young
Lyons after the latter had been shot and
held until officers arrived.
Newton married a daughter of Thomas
Lyons fifteen years ago. The marriage
did not prove to be a happy one. Newton
treated bis wife badly, and she stood it
until last July, when she decided that she
could not bear it any longer and left him.
Newton became greatly enraged when
he found what his wife had done, and fre
quently threatened that he would have his
revenge. Last week he kidnaped iiis nine
year-old daughter, who had gone with her
mother. Afier securing possession of the
child, he demanded the surrender of her
clothes, but Mrs. Newton refused to give
them up. On that occasion he went to the
house, threatening to clear out tne family,
but thought better of it.
STANDS BY DR. BROWN.
The Dubuque Congregational Conference.
Decides to Admit the Pastor as a
Member of Its Body.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Sept 29.— At its an
nual meeting at Strawberry Point to-day,
the Dnbuque district conference of the
Congregational churches took up the
request of the Bay Conference
of San Francisco that the ac
tion of tbe Dubuque body in condemn
ing Californians for expelling Rev. C. O.
Brown, after he had been acquitted by the
church trial on charges of immoral con
duct witb Miss Overman, be rescinded.
The matter was discussed and tbe con
ference by a decisive majority reaffirmed
its position in the case, not only refusing
to rescind its resolutions, as requested by
the Bay Conference, but deciding to re
ceive Dr. Brown into its fellowship.
This action was in direct line with that
taken by the churcn in this city last week.
It is predicted that the case will be taken
to the highest tribunal in the church by
the Californians, but the Dubuque confer
ence is determined to maintain its posi
tion in Brown's behalf to the end.
SEW XOHI'EUO-BUATS.
One of the Swiftest to Be Built by the
Union Iron Works. '
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 29.— The
Bath Iron Worts of Maine will build two
of the 30-knot torpedo-boats and the
Union Iron Works of San Francisco has
the contract for the remaining one; Wolff
& wicker of Portland, Or., two 22^-knot
boats and one of the little 22-knot boats
Herreshoff will have three, Columbian
Iron works of Baltimore two and Hillman
Bros, of Philadelphia one. This is the
decision finally reached by Cnief Con
structor Hichborn and Engineer-in-Chief
Melville, to whom the numerous and com
plicated bids opened September 11 were
referred.
The two bureaus under these officers
have devoted their energies unremittingly
for the past two weets to canvassing the
relative merits of the designs offered by
tbe various competitors for the work and
no doubt is felt that their recommenda
tions will be precisely followed in award
ing the contracts.
The policy pursued has been to obtain
boata as large as possible under tbe pro
posals and lo secure aa many as the appro
priation of |1,300,000 would permit The
official report of Commodores Hichborn
and Melville to the Secretary o' the
Navy will probably reach Acting Secretary
McAdoo some time to-morrow. He may
conclude to leave hnal action to Secretary
Herbert, who is expected from Europe
next Saturday. Under the law the cX
tracts must be signed on or before Thurs
clay, Oct. 8.
Carpenters and Joiner*.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Sept. 29.-The In
ternational Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Jomera elected Uia following officers;
President. Harry Lloy •■, Boston, Mass.;
vice-president, " Louis E Tossev,
D-iroit, Mich. ; B#w>nd vice-president. W.
j B. McFarlane of Buffalo; general sec r etary
and treasurer, P. J. Mseuire of Phila
delphia; executive board— A M. Flag
of Lewiston, Me.; A. M. Swartx of Pitts
! bur £- »
Treasury Hold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. 29.-The
net «oid in the treasury at the close of
business to-day was 1122,06*613.. '1 he
day's withdrawals at New "i ork were
$L 50,800.
XllippinC'.SS tO *'tVAY* **'*4 TM^ci&l'.E tS Of
you win see SpSjmSSSkI cus Hudson
van is to be r^rkv^ fh^ii^^l simply won-
I # .^ ./•■
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write for
circulars end testimonials.
. The extraordinary Reiuvenator Is the most
•wonderful discovery of the age. It has been
Indorsed by the leading ecientific men of
Europe and America.
' HffDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the dis-
charge in twenty days. Cures LOST MAN-
HOOD, constipation, dizziness, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitcnings of the eyes and other
parts. Strengthens, invigorates and tones the
entire system.' It is as cheap as any other
remedy.
HUDYAX cures debility, nervousness, emis-
sions, and develops and restores weak . organs.
Pains in the back, losses by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private Indorse-
ments.
Prematureness means lmpotency in the first
stage. It Is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped, in - twenty
days by the use of Hudyan. Hudyan costs no
more than any other remedy. Send for circu-
lars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— blood, due to
j serious private disorders, carries myriads of
j sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to hot springs by using the great 30-day cure.
Call or write for 30-day circular*.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Stf.,
San Francisco. Cal.
WHYNOT
ATTEND OUR SALE OF ■
SILVER-PLATED WARE
THOSE WHO KNOW
Say That Our Prices Are Right.
6 Plated Knives and Forks 11 60
6 Mcttel Tea Spoons 88
6 Nickel Table spoons or Forks '.......• 75
6- Bonle Caster, .Engraved Bottles 1 25
Cuke Basket, Nicely Engraved. 1 4a
Tickle Caster....! , c 90
Berry Dish, Plated Frame 1 45
Butter Disb, Heavy Plate. ..I 150
Plated Cups ; .59
Child's Sets, 3 pieces 17
£TT RAZORS and II El AUS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty.
818-820 MARKET ST.
i.
tRS?A/t 6 o
DOCTOR jWEAHY.
He Has Cured People
All Around You.
READ THIS LETTER.
Nevada City, Cal.
F. L. SWEANY, Esq -Dfar-'bir: I have no
symptoms' to write you. I am a better man
physically and mentally than I ever expected
to be again. I have spent over's2oo to dispen-
saries and other doctors which done me no
good whatever. You have undoubtedly saved 1
my life, for which I give you my lifelong grati
lude - Respectfolly yours,
Thousands of similar genuine and unso- •
licited testimonials on tile at Dr. Sweany's
private office. NOTICE— No names or tes-
timonials will be published without request ;•
from patient. . All dealings and corre-
spondence strictly confidential. \ See some
of these people or some of Dr. S.s private
testimonials at his office. He has the best
testimonials oa earth of cures of all dis-
eases, especially of Lost Manhood and'
Nervous Debility. You can be convinced. •
: 08. F. L WHIT, «£an Francisco. OVu,.
COSIVIOFOXjIT A.3XT. .
Opposite U. S. mat, 103 ana 102 tifth «.. sai • .
Francisco, Cat. — The most select UiinH* * hotel la -
. the city. . Hoard and room $1, $1 23 and $1 50 Per
• day, according 10 room. Meals 25c. Kooau 3jj
, and 75c a day. .Free coach to and from tua uo:»l
ixx)kc for ttii- coach. : bearing iha name ' of the Co*.THE LESSON OF
A LABOR MAP
Where Toil Is Free and
Where It Is Veritable
Bondage.
China, Japan and India Among
the Lands, of Cruel, 11l-
Paid Drudgery.
AMERICA MAY PEOTECT MEN.
On- This Continent, by Right Use of
the Ballot, the Worker May
Maintain Freedom.
>~o argument that can be made.no oration
that can be delivered, can set so plainly
before the American workingman the dan
ger that threatens as the accompanying
map sets it forth. In what a small part of
the earth is labor well regarded and well
paid !■ In what a vast proportion of the
earth is labor still unorganized, poorly paid
and without consideration in the affairs
of government! In only a lew of the
many countries of the world have the
people discovered themselves, learned
t heir own power and been accorded the
right to walk erect in tne dignity of con
scious manhood. in this America leads
the world, has 'led the world and must
continue to lead the world if the worKing
world is to be led out of bondage to
hereditary" weal th, hereditary aristocracy
and hereditary right to rule those who work
for others to enjoy. In America alone are
there no classes, no social barriers which
doom the children of toil to lowly stations
in life*, and in America alone are all men
accorded equahty oi opportunity to work
out .their own careers as ambition and
capacity may equip them. In all the rest
■ bi the world the children of toil are more
or less debarred from advancement by
: law, by custom, by hereditary entailment
of wealth or oy power of royalty. Look at
- the black border line which, in the above
map, surrounds tbe United States, with its
liberty ofindividul enterprise, its freeuom
from the tyranny of royalty and its well
paid labor, and then remember that that
black border line on the map represents
no Chinese wall which required
years in building and which it would
take years to tear away, but only an
imaginary line, a line dec.ared by law
which any Congress can repeal, any ad
verse majority brush away. Look at that
line, look at the vast surrounding world
, of low wages, pauper wages and ceaseless
labor of millions practically without
wages-"ali striving to Dreak tnis barrier
down— and then ask yourself if American
labor is not in jeopardy, if the warning
here given to American workingnien be
in fact au alarmist scare raised for politi
cal purposes or a Bolemu and candid
declaration of an impending peril.
It will be noticed that in toe above map
the oceans are foreshortened, narrowed
down until the earth's surface is no
longer three-fourths water and one-fourth
land, but the oceans are not reduced to a
. narrower limit on the map than steam
navigation has- reduced therm, practical! v,
in the commerce of the world. San Fraii
■ else* is seventeen to nineteen days from
Yokohama^ twenty-five to twenty-eight
days from Hongkong, forty to forty-rive
; days from Calcutta, twenty-four days from
Sytiney, and it costs no more to ship a ton
of freight from either of these places to
San Francisco than from San Francisco
by rail to Fn-srio or Bakersfield. A ton of
flour is carried from San Francisco to
Hongkong for $2 in gold, a less rate than
is charged for hauling a ton of wheat
from Tuiare to Port Costa, and the average
merchandise rate between San Francisco
and i'oJJohama or Hongkong is $10 per
. ton or per each forty cuoic leet of space
in the ship. On a bolt of muslin,
a silk dress pattern or a pair of shoes such
a freight rate would scarcely figure into
the retail cost of the article. It would
'amount to no more than tbedrayage from
wharf to store, and all water rates be
tween the above points and New York
are "not greater than to BaD Francisco,
having been quoted as low as 40 shillings
per ton. With sailing vessels a much
lower rate than above quoted can be se
cured, and for all practical purposes these
Asiastic points are as near to San Fran
discb as are New York, Philadelphia or
Boston. Therefore we must not rest in
in any fancied security from competition
with Asiatic cheap labor that is ba»e'". on
distance and cost of transportation.
Steam navigation has well-nigh annihi
lated distance and reduced cost of freight
to » mere bagatelle in the selling price of
any article of apparel or household utility.
Six hundred million workers I That
is the number of tireless toilers Asia
= has to offer to the industrial world.
The matter is beyond comprehension. In
the United States it is estimated that
there are now fifteen millions of people
„ who work for wages. To keep these em
ployed and contented taxes — overtaxes —
tile best statesmanship oi our time; but
.what is this handful to the teeming
masses of Japan, China, Indo-Cbina,
India, Siberia and the Malaysian penin
sula and tbe archipelago, who have not
yet discovered themselves or learned that
there is anything in this world to be de
sired beyond a full stomach and a warmly
c.ad body. Not only are the men of these
■ countries tiretess workers, but the women
also and the little children must work or
starve, and lowly indeed is their standard
of living. It is the duty of our better
western civilization to lift out of the mire
of ignorance and superstition, of ceaseless
toil and pitiless deprivation, this vast,
hulking horde of depressed humanity,
teaching it self-respect, the power of or
punization and the rights of men; but it is
no part of the duty of western civilization
to permit itself to be 'dragged down to the
sodden level of an oriental scale of civili
zation, standard of living and of wages.
How to lift the one up and not drag the
other down is to be the supreme prob
leja of all the coming age, if not
tbe supreme problem of all tbe
age<«. To cry a warning to American
workingmen of the impending dancer
is not to perform the function of an alarm
ist fbr political effect, bnt is to confer a
needful service at an opportune time. The
only way to ward off tbe danger of de
erading American labor through Asiatic
competition is to face it at the outset.
Averting tbe eyes from it will not frighten
it away.
Japan has 40,000,000 people. It has am
bition. The fires of nationalism burn
fiercely in every Japanese breast and race
pride glows as fiercely as the fires of na
tionalism barn. Japan has an area con
siderably in excess of that of Great Britain,
a more eqnable climate, abundant water
power, great mineral wealth and good
steam coal that can be delivered to con
sumers for less than $1 per ton. While
not fertile in invention tbe Japanese peo
ple excel in imitation, and as deft weavers
and spinners have been developed in
Japan in ten years as were developed in
Manchester, England, in three gener
ations. Japan has no international patent
laws with other nations, and when she
finds a machine that suits her she buy*
one and makes others just like it, and
will soon be equipped with all the modern
appliances for manufacture and produc
tion. Japan has great resources for the
production of many raw materials for
manufacture, and her situation is admir
able for the importation of raw cotton
from India and China and raw wool from
Australia, and she is filled with an am
bition to become the Great Britain of the
Orient. Her schools are industrial and
military in character, and Japan now oc
cupies that position in the scale of civil
ization where the rights and liberties of
the individual are mercilessly sacrificed
for the good of the state. "The ppople"
of Japan have not yet discovered them
selves, and are not likely to make the dis
covery for a long time to come.
In 1883 Japan built her first modern cot
ton mills, two of them, and now she has
more than sixty cotton mills, with 1,250.000
spindles. Since the close of the war witn
China, according to a statement recently
published by K. P. Porter, late Superin
tendent of the Eleventh United States
Census, who has just visited Japan and
made a close study of its institutions,
among others the following new industries
have been established:
Forty-nine cotton mills, with a capital
of $29,582,000.
Twenty-four silk mills, with a capital of
$10,295,000.
Nineteen weaving factories, with a capi
tal of $9,425,000.
Twenty- two mining and metallurgic
companies, with a capital of $8,150,000.
Fifteen electrical works, with a capital
of $11,620,000.
Fifty-eight other industries, with a com
bined capital of $17,489,000.
The same authority goes on to say:
''In the magnificently equipped cotton
spinning and weaving factories, in the
machine-shops of Japan, in paper mills, in
some of the larger silk factories, in clock
and watch factories, I have seen the most
modern English, German and American
machinery, and forces of men and women
as thoroughly organized for labor and as
fully equipped as any on earth."
From the same authority the following
additional facts are obtained:
In some of the silk districts I found
modern machinery and regularly equipped
mills employing 500 to 1000 hands.
In the Fukai district the first si k was
manufactured in 1888 and to 'he aggregate
value of $50,000. During 1895 this same
district produced silt to the value of
$6,076,220.
Tbe sum of $935 would have .bought all
tbe floor matting exported from Japan
during 1885- During 1895 the exports
amounted to $3,461,365.
The exports and imports together ag
gregated $77,300,000 for Japan for 1885.
For 1895 they amounted to $296000,000.
In audition to these great factories are
thousands upon thousands of old fash
ioned wheels and looms running within
hearing distance of the great modern fac
tories, for the Japanese weaver and
spinner mast work if he would eat, albeit
with appliances that are a thousand years
old. .
The phenomenal development of indus
trial Japan is further exemplified by the
'following" comparative items of export,
also prepared by R. P. Porter:
1885. 1895.
Textiles «511.990 $22,177,626
Raw silk 14,473,396 50,9J8.440
Matches... 60,5t55 4,67i.\815l
Umbrellas (our kind).. 3,765 73.\207
Porcelain goo is 2,786.876 11,6-'4,70l
'The foregoing , are only a few of many
instances of increased production and ex
port which are not given for want of space,
but the lesson derived from this will be
instructive.
When we come to investigate the scale
of Mages paid in Japan ana the condition
of Japanese labor it becomes perfectly
apparent why Japan is progressing indus
trially and pouring an ever-increasing
product into the lan of the world. Her
labor is so cheap and so tireless that no
other nation in the world, unless it be
China, can compete with her.
The factories of Japan run night and
day and each shift works twelve hours at
a stretch, the day shift of one week being
the night shift of the next, and many
mills do not stop at all for more than one
or two days in the month.
From the United States consular re
ports the following scale of. wages in dif
ferent lines are found to be "paid in Japan.
The figures are given in silver, which has
about half the real value of American
money that is here given:
Bricklayers, per week $2 04
Hodcarriers, per week 1 14
Masons, per week 2 18
Tenders, per week 1 14
Plastarert, per week „ 1 56
Cart Piiters, per week , 1 56
Blacksmiths, per week 1 85
Bakers, par week 1 66
Draymen and teamsters, per week 1 50
Tailors on naive clothes, per week 1 70
Tailors on foreigu cloihts, per week 2 95
stevedores, per week a 18
Printers, per week 175
Common laborers and porters, per week. .,.. 1 14
Brass founders, per week. 3 00
Common laborers receive the equivalent
of 10 cents per day in American money.
Skilled mechanics receive the equivalent,
of 18 cents per day in American money.
X'ot the arduous labor of the factories
women are paid 6 to 16 sens per day in
silver and men get \2% to 25 sens, and it
takes 180 sens to be worth as much as an
American dollar. A Government rep Tt
gives the number of male spinners for 1894
at 8129, who received an average danv
wage of 17.1 sens. There were 26,929 female
spinners, who received an average daily
wage of 8.9 sens.
Speaking of the condition of Japanese
labor, Mr. Fusataro Takano, a cultured
Japan- se, writes of bis own country to
Guntons Magazine for August, 1896, as
follows:
"It is an indisputable fact that hereto
fore the welfare of the working people of
Japan has nevjer entered into the consid
eration of national affairs.
"Any upward tendency of wages will be
considered as detrimental to national pros
perity and will be opposed as «uch.
"Ten per cent of the male spinners and
23 per cent of the lemale spinners are chil
dren under 15 years of age.
"While production was increasing ten
fold and the demand for labor five fold the
condition of spinners presents nd trace of
improvement. On the other hand, the
cost of rice, sugar, tea and fuel shows an
advance of 10 to 20 per cent during the
time.
"Low wages, long working hours, child
labor, black list — such are the conditions
existing in the cotton spinning industry
in Japan and similar conditions are con
fronting the workers in other trades which
are running under the modern system of
industry.
"The workers are in a dazed condition
and diffusion of Western civilization is
limited to the higher classes.
"The appalling condition of the factory
hands is still further aggravated by the
existence of an agreement made by the
mill owners throughout the country that
the wages of spinners will not be raised
unless so agreed unanimously.
"Added to this the spinners are all under
police supervision by which their employ
ers arf amply protected from every pos-
Bible attempt on the part of the spinners
to right their grievances."
This, then, is the condition of millions
of laborers in Japan with whom the Popo
cratic aggregation wish to have American
laborers compete in the home market un
der a low-tariff policy.
China and her dependencies have a com
bined area equal to that of the United
States and Mexico and a population more
than six times as great. If to this there
be added adjacent land's ander European
control but settled by Mongolians, with
Korea, we have lands of unsurpassed re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
sources settled by a working population
equal to tbat of all Europe and North
America. Four hundred millions of tire
less toilers with unequaled habits of thrift
and economy, imitative and not wanting
in skill, waiting to be set to work by
European and American capital and en
terprise 1 Tbat is the competition which
confronts American labor!
China is conservative. China would be
glad to let the world alone if the world
would let her alone, but the world will
not. Japan waged war against China for
no other reason than to compel her to
come out from her hermitage and open
commercial relations with her more enter
prising neighbor. England, France and
Russia are encroaching upon her on all
sides for the same avowed purpose. The
whoie western world is bent on forcing
upon China all the inventions and instru
mentalities wherewith to enter upon a
never-ending and destructive competition
with the western world itself. To pre
serve herself from utter dismemberment
and annihilation China has tot to build
railroads all through her interior and
open all her waterways to steam naviga
tion. The great Li Hung Chang has been
around the world to study the world and
now goes home to throw his immense in
fluence and wealth upon the side of in
ternal development. Prince Li is not
ignorant of the resistless power which
China's horde of cheap labor gives her — a
labor so cheap and a standard of living so
low that an earning capacity of 5 shillings
a month will support" a Chinese and bis
family. In the course of an interview in
New York he said:
"You should repeal the Geary law.
Cheap labor is a most desirable thing
within itself because it will enable you to
compete in the markets of the world with
the products of the cheap labor of Europe.
Cheaper labor means cheaper commodi
ties and better commodities at lower
prices."
That is the sort of doctrine that obtains
in a country such as China and in all of
Asia, where the Government is everything
and the individual is nothing. It is the
commercial spirit as against the industrial
spirit. It is the policy of low tariff and
"flying your flag in the markets of the
world" carried to its legitimate con
clusion. But it never was* the policy ot
the Republican party of America, which
believes that if the individual be cared for
well the Government cannot fare ill.
India is another rejuvenated nation of
toilers. It has an area about two-thirds as
great as that of the United States and a
population four times as large, and it has
an inexhaustible supply of cheap labor.
Three-fourths of the people of Hindostan
derive their support Jrora the land, but
progress in handicrafts is making and an
era of grea.t industrial development is at
hand.
Neither Europe nor America can with
stand,"on equal footing, the com petition of
India in any line of production under
. taken. Sixty per cent of the jute manu
facturing machinery of Dundee, Scotland,
the very life of that city, has been hushed
by Indian competition, and the doom of
the rest of it is likewise sealed.
Common laborers in railroad building in
India receive 6 cents a day in wage? as
valued in American money. Lathe ma
chinists get 24 to 27 cents a day, and other
wages rantre between tnese two extremes.
The standard of living is low and only the
coarsest and # cheapest products are con
sumed by the Hindoo.
After generations of floundering in the
mire of unthrift, swept by floods and de
voured by Jiimine, British administration
of Indian affairs has impounded the sur
plus waters, irrigated the arid wastes, built
20.000 miles of railroad from interior to
coast, and otherwise fully equipped India
to enter the industrial "lists in competi
tion with the better paid labor of the
Western world. Having been lifted up
the Hindoos are now prepared to pull their
benefactors down, and are doing it.
We have heard much from the Demo
j cratic party of tbe advantages to be gained
by access to the "markets of the world,"
by having the "stars and stripes flying in
every sea." Let us see what this has
amounted to so far.
Take Japan. During 1894 there was ex
ported from the United States to Japan
goods to the value of 110,982,558, but we
'■ bought from Japan goods to the value of
: 14^523.557.
During 1895 our exports to Japan
; amounted to *9,27U,360 and our imports
' from Japan amounted to $54,028,930.
We buy from Japan 40 per cent of all
she has to sell to the rest of the world.
, We seii to Japan 9 per cent of all that she
L buys of the world. She takes our millions
and sends them to Europe to buy with
tlfem what she wants, because she can buy
there cheaper than here, and she can buy
there cheaper than here because Europe
can manufacture cheaper than America
can, and Europe can manufacture cheaper
than America can because labor is cheaper,
and for no other reason on earth.
Take India. During 1895 we sold to
j British India goods to the value of $2,853,-
Ml. but wo huught of the same countries
j t;oods to the value of $21,266,013. During
I 1894 the difference was not quite so great,
the balance of trade against us being only
$10,500,558, but for the year 1893 the bal
ance acninst us was far greater, being
j $22,815,794, and it usually ranges between
fifteen and twenty millions a year.
Take China. During 1895 we sold to
that country goods to the value of $3,603,
-840, but we bouglii goods to the value of
$20,545,829. During 1894 the balance
against us in our trade with China
amounted to $11,262,602, during 1893 the
balance against us wad $16,736,078, and the
adverse -balance in our trade with China
ranges between these figures and has done
so for years.
The "fact is that the United States can
not compete with Europe in supplying
the Orient with the commodities because
our wages are higher and our standard of
livintr more excellent, and the Orient can-
I not buy greatly from any country because
I of its low standard of living and degraded
I standard of wages and production does
not furnish the means to buy with. For
instance, the entire production of British
India for a whole year, all the wealth
taken out of the soil, the mines, the sea,
and manufactured by artisans does not
exceed $10 for each man, woman and child
in that country. How can such a poverty
stiicken people buy of the world or sell to
the world? We buy of them because ye
are rich and able to buy. They sell to us
because they are too poor to consume the
things they produce and ought to keep for
home consumption. And yet tariff re
formers never cease to boast of the fabu
lous wealth awaiting development of
American traffic with the Orient!
Those who view the question of Orien
tal competition as set forth in these pages
are not oblivious of the fact that a certain
school of doctrinaires and tariff reform
ers (men like Bryan, who declare the pro
tective idea t{ie "most pernicious political
principle that ever cursed the country")
are inclined to pooh-pooh at the danger of
Asiatic competition with the better-paid
labor of Europe and America. Want of
space forbids an adequate enumeration
and consideration of the contentions of
these sanguine and satisfied exponents of
the doctrine of our industrial invulnera
bility, but a few lines will be devoted to
the more important among them.
Briefly, it is claimed by these persons
that "by virtue of perfected machinery
the industrial efficiency of Western na
tions is incomparably greater than that of
the Orient."
For answer to which it is sufficient to
say that Western industrial enterprise is
already finding its most inviting field in
equipping Asiatic nations with all our
best-perfected mechanical appliances, and
when at length this has been done Asia
will have equal mechanical appliances
with us plus limitless cheap labor, which
will matte the industrial efficiency of the
Far East as much greater than that of the
West as her labor is on a more cheap and
abundant a scale.
"That Asiatic nation? are wanting in ad
ministrative ability and capital, and that
without these their cheap labor cannot be
made available."
The fluidity of capital is a fact. It seeks
the place of best employment as unerr
ingly as water seeks its level. It knows
no country or national allegiance. Hith
erto capital has flown to America because
America has been honest, but let Bryan
ism and repudiation settle with a 53-cent
dollar debts that were created by the bor
rowing of a gold dollar, and our National
dishonor will not only drive out foreign
capital invested here, but it will banish
our own capital. Money will go where an
honest accounting for it can be compelled
by the stout arm of army and navy, and
with it will go the administrative ability
requisite for its employment and for the
mobilization and organization ot the
cheap labor of the world. Besides, the
fact of the existence in San Francisco of
factories employing white bosses and
white girls by the score, yet owned and
managed by Chinese, together with the
fact that the products of hundreds of
orchards are handled by white help and
Chinese employers in this State, shows
that the Asiatic is not so devoid of ad
ministrative ability as these theorists
would have us bedeve.
It is contended that, inasmuch as "men
produce that they may aell and buy, that
they may consume," as the Asiatics be
come greater producers consumption wil 1
increase correspondingly, and they will
buy as much as they sell.
It may be admitted that in the fullness
of time all men oil the earth will be equal,
that equal wages for equal work will be
the condition of the earth from pole to
pole and zone to zone, but when? It is
not this final consummation which
threatens American labor with degrada
tion. If all the world paid American
wages, America could trade free with all
the world. It is the process of readjust
ment that hurts. Look again at the ac
companying map and ask yourself, gentle
reader, how the United Stat s, so small
compared to the habitable globe, is to
maintain the dignity of its labor and the
generous recompense of its wages until
the poorly paid labor of Europe, the
pauper labor of Asia, of Africa, and of all
the rest of the globe, has been lifted to the
American standard, and when you have
done this you will have propounded the
crucial question of the coming age.
Finally, the contention is made that
the wage-earners of Asia, like those of
Europe and America, will organize trade
guilds and through power of organization
advance their wages as their productive
rower, enhanced W>y the adoption of
Western machinery, becomes enhanced.
We may grant this and then offset the
concession by asking: When? What will
have taken place meantime? As a gifted
advocate of the above contention has said,
"a half-century in the history of nations
U a period as recent as the yesterday of an
individual life." A half-century has been
scarcely more than a yesterday in the
period which has been required to elevate
American and English labor to its present
estate, but it might be quite time enough
to undo all thai organized labor has ac
complished for itself, and wouid be if sub
jected to unrestricted competition with
the limitless pauper iabor of Asia. A
building that it took a year to build was
burnt in an hour. The golden age of
English labor was from 1401 to 1525, but
during the next century it sank to a con
dition of utter helplessness. Three cen
turies o' incessant struggle ensued before
the right of organization in self-defense
and seli-help was conceded by the laws of
civilized countries, so easil}' is the dignity
of labor lost and so hard is it regained.
But what of the rights of labor in Asia?
In no one of those countries have the la
boring classes any rights, as we under
stand them, which the laws are bound to
respect. The guilds already formed are
chiefly employers' guilds, not guilds of
laborers. There are no middle classes to
whose sense of justice tne down-trodden
laborers can appeal. Society is divided
into two classes — those who make the laws
and those whose only concern is to obey
the laws which others made. From this
status to that of American labor, which
makes the Jaws as well as obeys them, is
a long and wearisome journey in any
country and by any people, and the labor*
ing classes of Asia have not started upon
that journey yet.
Tne contentions of the advocates of low
tariff are idle. The danger from Asiatic
competition is real and imminent. Al
ready it is being felt in many channels of
trade and those who read the signs of the
tirueH aright know that what has alreaih
taken place is only the beginning of a
mighty struggle with the powers of dark
ness and that t. c beginning of the end of
it is yet a long way off. How shall the
brown man be lifted out of the mire and
the white man be not drawn in? That is
to be the crucial question of the corning
age and, perhaps, of all the ages of human
history.
The only means of safeguarding Ameri
can labor against the consequences of com
petition with Asiatic hordes is to stand by
the American system of protection to
home industries and stand for the main
tenance of National honor. To both of
these high purposes the Republican party
and its candidates stand pledged in the
most solemn manner, and behind these
pledges, as a further guaranty of good
faith, is an unblemished party and per
sonal record of persistent championship
of them. What this party, its leaders and
its followers cannot do for the preserva
tion and elevation of American labor can
not and will not be done. Labor has no
other safeguard, no other puissant power
to deliver it from the body of this death.
Arrayed against this great National
party, its candidates and its cause there is
marshaled a nondescript aggregation of
political forces which refuses classification
and analyzatlon aod is mainly concerned
fo»" office. In the yesterday of its history
it stood for one thing, in its to-morrow it
will stand for heaven knows what, but to
day it does stand for putting the United
States on an Oriental monetary basis and
for the reduction of the standard of Amer
ican wages and living to. another stand
ard which will be European, if not Asiatic,
in its character. Its professions may point
otherwise, but its principles, put into op
eration, will inevitably tend that way. Its
standard-bearer, Mr. Bryan, is an uncom
promising champion of the British theory
of free trade, and this theory, put into
practical operation, would assuredly ac
complish tbe undoing of American labor.
Mr. Bryan is likewise an uncompromising
champion of free silver, and what with a
European scale of wages and an Asiatic
standard of monetary payment the degra
aation of American labor wouid be com
plete.
Workingmen of California, your duty in
this contest is too plain to need to be
pointed out. You have but to be true to
your own interests in order to best serve
your country and your party. Sophists
may try to bewilder you and demagogues
may try to deceive you, but if you have
read these pages thoughtfully you know
the danger which threatens and you know
of the only safeguard that is left. Your
destiny is therefore in your own bands,
and "as you make your bed so shall you
lie in it." ___________^_
FELL UNDER THE AX.
Four Buildings Torn Down Yesterday
by the Health Authorities.
More rookeries went down under the ax
in Chinatown yesterday, the shaky struct
ures at 710 and 712 Stockton street being
leveled by a xiuai of men beaded by
Chief Vinegan, Inspector Dockery and
Market Inspector Davis.
Two huts at 323 and 325 Vallejo street,
occupied by fishermen, were also torn
down as a sanitary j recaution.
There are 258 parish ministers in Scot
land who have a total income of less than
£200.
WHERE WOOL IS
NOT PROTECTED
Chief Justice Smith Tells
of Want in New
Mexico.
He Says There Are to Be Found
the Poorest People and, Per
force, the Idlest.
HAEDLY WANT TO BE A STATE
Low Prices Prevail, Crops Require
Irrigation and There Is No
Market for Products.
Chief Justice Thomas Smith of New
Mexico is at the Occidental, accompanied
by Mrs. Smith and Miss Qaines of Vir
ginia. The Chief Justice has had a mo
mentous career. He is from Virginia, and
hi.- father and three brothers at one time
in the fifties resided in California. When
the war broke out the now Chief Justice
enlisted as a private in the Army of
Northern Virginia. He served all through
the war, and before its close had been
made brigadier-general.
President Cleveland appointed him
Chief Justice Thomas Smith of New
Mexico*
United States District Attorney of New
Mexico during his first term, and he
served four years. Then he appointed
him Chief Justice, which he has been now
for three years. He was not an applicant
for either office.
Chief Justice Smith is a very young
looking man to have been through the
war and attained such eminence. He
does appear now to be over about 40 years
of age.
The Chief Justice has been doing what
he could in New Mexico to enforce tue
laws and bring about a better order of
things. It has been his judgment all
along that only by the enforcement of tbe
law could the general morals be improved.
In New Mexico two-thirds of the entire
population is composed of native Mexi
cans, he says, while the other third is
American.
"The majority oi the natives are very
poor," said the Chief Justice; "they re
cite what is true, that there is no market
for corn, nor wool, nor other products.
The wool industry is paralyzed. As for
the silver interests, they are all lagging,
too. It is undeniably true that tbe great
majority of the people want free silver.
The question of whether or not it can be
sustained does not need to enter into it.
They want silver put back where it was
in 1873.
"I estimate we have about 175,000 people
in New Mexico, though the Governor in
his report makes the number somewhat
larger. The natives are the poorest peo
ple I have found anywhere. They are
poorer than the colored people of tbe
South. The larger number of them are
willing to work, but there is absolutely
nothing for them to do. The wool inter
ests are paralyzed, the agricultural inter
ests are limited, and to produce crops
there must be irrigation. New Mexico
has great resources, but the people being
poor and times hard, with no markets for
anything, there is general stagnation.
"Because of the great majority of natives
over the Americans it has been a question
among many whether it would be best for
New Mexico as it now is to be admitted as
a State. Many argue that the natives, so
long oppressed and naturally revengeful
against those in authority, would be for a
State Government, when tueir sympathies
are with Mexico. The natives, too, say
they are so poor they cannot pay their
taxes now, anl ask how they couid do it
under a State Government.
"Tbe natives are in the main law-abid
ing. The poorer of them, impelled by
hunger or resentment, sometimes commit
grave crimes, but generally they are good
observers and respecters of the statutes.
The increase of population is entirely
American. In some places where there
were little towns or pueblos a year ago
there is nothing now. The natives have
scattered. Where they have gone to is a
question. It is even thought by some that
there is a steady migration ot the natives
over the line to Mexico."
The Chief Justice is only making a brief
stay here. Mrs. Smith and Miss Games
preceded him by over a week. They have
been visiting Monterey and other places
besides this City.
FROM THE NORTH.
F. S. HtiHgey of the British Columbia
Police Pays the City a Visit.
F. S. Hussey, Superintendent of the
British Columbia Provincial Police, ac
companied by his wife, is enjoying a Cali
fornia vacation, and is at present a guest
at the Grand Hotel. He has just returned
from Los Angeles and expects to remain
in the City a week.
In professional circles Mr. Hussey's
name is one to conjure with and a whole
some terror to all evil-doers. Since his
appointment to the position of Superin
tendent he has been associated with many
celebrated criminal cases, which, in nearly
every instance, he has carried to a success
ful issue. One of the most recent and sen
sational in this category was the ro
mantic capture some two years ago of a
desperado named Hugh Lynn, who brut
ally murdered a wealthy northern rancher
and his companion. Lynn was arrested
on American territory after an exciting
chase, his trial, conviction and execution
following one another in- rapid succession.
Superintendent Hussey is himself a
man of determined character and power
ful physique, and as such admirably
qualified to fulfill those arduous duties
which are inseparable from the efficient
application of the law in a new and
sparsely settled country like British Co
lumbia.
KOWALSKY'S LIFE.
Coin Said to Be Doe by the Corpulent
Colonel on His Insurance
Policy.
W. 8. Morgan is a sorely troubled man.
He some time ago acquired a claim against
Colonel Henry I. Kowalsky. Now "he is
not sure that he would not be a loser if
the claim had cost him nothing.
There was a time when the colonel was
troubled with thoughts of the grave, so he
hunted up an agent and had his life in
sared.
Iv lieu of the premium which the com
pany demanded, a note was executed by
the insured promising to pay to himself
or order $386 40. The note was made pay
able at the Crocker- Woolworth Bank on a
stated day, and was indorsed to Alfred
Todhunter, who subsequently transferred
it to W. S. Morgan. It bore the date of
April 4, 1893.
Kowalsky has ailowed judgment to be
recorded against him on this note by de
fault. This judgment he succeeded in
having set aside.
The matter was on the calendar in
Judge Sanderson's court yesterday. The
defense wished a second judgment set
aside and the plaintiff's attorneys desired
to secure an order of examination, so as to
force the colonel to tell a curious world
what are his assets, in order that they
may know his reasons for not satisfying
the judgment.
As the colonel did not put in an appear
ance the matter went over until this
morning. .•
WOMAN SUFFRAGE WORK
Remotest Localities in the State
Are to Be Visited by
Speakers.
Miss Anthony and Mrs. Tupper-Ga'pin
Will Address To-Night's Rally
at Sausalito.
A number of well-known society people
intend accompanying Miss Susan B.
Anthony and Mrs. Kate Tupper-Galpin
to Sausalito this afternoon. After seeing
the sights of the terraced town tbe party
will attend a woman suffrage rally in
Slinkey's Hall at 8 o'clock in the evening.
Miss Anthony and Mrs. Tupper-Galpin
will both speaK, and a fine musical pro
gramme will be given. Miss Anthony is
also booked to speak at another suffrage
rally on Saturday night at the Grand
Opera-bouse, Martinez.
Friends of the woman suffrage cause
are looking forward with interest to Miss
Anna H. Shaw's promised address to
morrow night at the Mechanics' Fair.
A letter from Tulare County says that
three-fourths of the women and all the
men of that section seem to be in favor of
woman suffrage; while from Fresno comes
the news that a committee of fifty promi
nent business and professional men have
inaugurated a series of Sunday afternoon
meetings at which the equal suffrage ques
tion is to be discussed.
Meanwhile the counties which are out
of the way of railway communication are
receiving special attention, speakers male
and female traveling to the most isolated
settlements in carts, on horsebacK or as
best they may.
"We hope," said Miss Mary G. Hay, the
Btfete organizer, "to have the gospel of
equal political rights preached in every
nook and cranny of thi3 entire State before
the election; and though it keeps our
speakers on the go, we have the ground
nearly covered e*ven now."
IRAD B. COLDWELL DEAD.
Stricken With Heart Disease While
Bathing at Harbor View.
Irad B. Coldwell, 59 years of age, senior
member of the firm of Caldwell & Daily,
dairymen, was stricken wfth heart disease
and died at the Harbor View baths yester
day afternoon.
The deceased, who was apparently in
the best of health, was swimming in the
surf and was suddenly taken with con
vulsions. F. R. Conwny hurried into the
water and carried Mr. Coldwell to tbe
shore, where in a few minutes he died.
Deceased, who resided at 1010 Valencia
street, was an unmarried man and, so far
as is known, had no relatives on this
coast.
• . : ' HEW TO-DAY.
This. s~i w
is Ibeuuit -f^
Worth $12 of any man's money. Fits
perfectly, and it's the right sort of stuff
to wear welL You get it for only
$6-Z5:
All-wool Single and Double Breasted
Sack Suits. The price is cut this week
from $9, $10 and $12. Better take one
at onqe, while you can get your pick.
Only for this week.
A 119 ran
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 54| STREET.
POLK STREET TO
BE ALL ABLAZE
Seventeen Arc Lights Be
tween Slitter and Pa
cific Streets.
Enterprise That Will Do Much
to Enhance the Value of the
Thoroughfare.
WHAT THE STEP WILL COST
First Practical Project of the Progres*
sive Residents of a Fine
Business Street.
ThePolk-street Improvement Club, hav
ing for its purpose the improvement of
that street from Market to North Beach,
was permanently organized Monday
night by the election of L. H. Kohn of
1601 Polk street as president, Nathan Bibo
first and J. E. Quinn second vice-presi
dent, Robert Dross secretary and Q. F.
Roberts treasurer.
By-laws to govern the club, which now
numbers 124 members, were adopted.
There will be an executive committee of
seven appointed during the week by tha
president. The dues for the next six
mouths were fixed at 25 cents per month,
and the secretary and treasurer were
placed under $suO bonds each.
The club is composed of property
owners, storekeepers and people occupy
ing dwellings on the line of Polk street.
It was stated that the club, through its
executive committee, will act as au agita
tion committee to have the City officials
place the street in proper condition from
one end to the other, and pending such
action it was decided last night to
light the street from Sutter to Pacific
street with seventeen arc lights, one at tha
intersection of the cross street and one
between each cross street, so as to make
the thoroughfare the most brilliantly
lighted in the City. This will be at a cost
of about $40 a week, to be paid for, uatil
the Supervisors furnish the lights, by the
people on the street.
ALL FOR McKINLEY.
How Police Commissioner Gunst Found,
the Sentiment in the
;" # - ■".;': East.
Police Commissioner Gunst returned
yesterday morning irom a trip East. He
says the East is all for McKinley. .
"To show you how confident Eastern
judges of the situation are," he said, "I
have been commissioned by an Eastern
syndicate to put $50,000 at 2to 1 that Mo!
Kiniey is elected; even money that he car
ries New York by 50,000; at $800 to $1000
that he carries New York by 75,000, and
$1000 to $5000 that he carries New York by
125,000 votes."
Regarding what he saw in police circles
Mr. Gunst 'said:
"1 visited the police departments of
New York, Brooklyn and . Boston, and j I
wish to say that there is not one of them,
so far as appearance of the patrolmen is
concerned, which can compare with ours.
Brooklyn has a magnificent system. That
city has thirty-five station-houses, twenty-
I five of which cost $35,000 each; five $45,000, -
-two $50,000, two $60,000, and one now in
course of erection will cost $70,000. I had
inquiries everywhere for our Chief of- Po
lice and all wished him to pay them a
visit, as they know and admire his good
qualities. We have the reputation of hav
ing one of the finest and best organized
police departments in the country."
Knocked Down and Kicked.
Mrs. J. D. McQulddcy applied for a warrant
in Judge Campbell's court yesterday for the
arrest of her ex-husband on the charge of bat
tery. She said she had been granted a divorce
from him by Judge Troutt on Monday, and he
was ordered to pay her $10 alimony per week.
He sent her a note Monday night asking her to
meet him at 412 Eddy sreet. She went there,
and she says he upbraided her for getting a di
vorce and knocked her down and kicked her..
As there was no witness to the battery the war
rant was not Issued. McQuiddey is a traveling
salesman tor Redingtoa & Co., the wholesale
druggists.
56
• f&fat efkli
WEDNESDAY... SKPTKMBKR 30. 1896
CHARLES M. StIOKTRIDOE,
: Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$O.l
Daily »nd Sunday CAIX, one year, by mall ... 8.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by nialU 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam,, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
Wmaat Call, one year, by ma 11 ............. *•*©
I THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation If
a*, It is no trouble lor as to forward THE CALX to
your address. Do Dot let It miss you for you win
miss It. " Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Oflice will receive prompt attention.
XtO.KXTKA CHAKGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
1° San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6S
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
• o 617 Clay Street.
Telephone..™ * Main— lß74
• BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
6:30 o'clock. •
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock. .'
713 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. „
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
11 6 -N i»it Ji street ; open until 9 o'clock. '
••' . OAKLAND OFFICB: '.
0 908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
/> ••; ' DAVID M.TOLTZ, Special Agent.
; : I
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. j
Patriotism, Protection
and Prosperity.
FOB PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLET, of Ohio
FOR VICK-PRESIDKNT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
Election November 3, 1896.
Democrats have evidently decided to
treat Cator like the taiiff and ignore him
as an issue.
o 1 The Non-Partisans may claim Mr. Phe
lan. but all the same Boss Rainey knows
■who dug him up.
People turn out to see Bryan when he
Roes to .their city, but they go to McKin
ley's city to see him.
' The question continually recurs: Why
does not some Democrat of prominence
help Bryan on the stump?
Every one knows t. c Republican party
can Rive this City a good government. Is
there any other party that can? j
There will be many local tickets in the
c . field, but the intelligent voters will soon
o learn which one it is best to vote for. j
o "What the Popocrat fusion did for Kan
sas it would do for the whole country if it
camo into power. bo you want any of it?
Wh*n you hear it repeated that Buckley
c has retired from politics you may expect
to hear very soon that he has returned to
town. o 0-: : ??/;«•','
Colonel Taylor has made a good Super
visor and will make a good Mayor.
What's the matter with him? He's ail
right. . ■ .;-;•.;/;
• * One .of the notable features of this cam
° paign is the passing of Mayor Sutro. Not
a single faction in the City has invited
him to run again. ';'*-;? /vi
The best excuse for the Yale boys is that
Bryan talks so much like a sophomore it
•was very easy for them to mistake him for
one and treat him accordingly. .
IA» the Examiner declares it "knows
Bomethipg higher than party ( in local gov
ernment,'' it has evidently caught sight of
another $30,000 sack somewhere.
There was a time when Democracy could
at least muster up a candidate for the
United States senatorship, but that time
has mingled with the misty past. j
The East has begun already to talk about
the inclemency, of the weather. They
Beem to have nothing over there but hot
waves, inclement -weather and blizzards.
. There was a time when Henry George
was a consistent single taxer, but now he
goes about taxing the credulity of the peo
ple on every proposition of the campaign. '
No Republican should overlook the im
portance of the' legislative ticket in this
campaign. California must not elect an- '
other '; free-trader to the United States
Senate.
Has your industry derived any benefit
from the election of Cleveland, the tariff
reformer? Do you expect to derive any
benefit from the election of Bryan, the
free-trader?
Whitney became engaged on Friday and
was married on Tuesday, •which goes to
show that while he may get left occasion
ally in politics he is no slouch as b. matri
monial manager.
. Men of standing in the City who have
accepted public service ana done their
work well deserve re-election, and that .is
the reason why the people will vote for
Charles L. Taylor. . *
The injury done to California industries
by free trade has been felt in every house
hold and the people on election day will
not forget that Bryan is one of the most
fanatical of free-traders.
Since The Call published the list of the
silver mines of the Hearst estate the
people of the whole country, have begun to
find out why the Journal in New York and
the Examiner in this City developed so rap
idly into advocates of Bryanism.
The silliest campaign cry ever started,
even by a Democrat, is the howl about
•workingmen being coerced to wear Mc-
Kinley buttons and join Republican cam
paign clubs. The only force which has
been put upon American labor in that
direction has been the pressure of Demo
cratic , bard times, and that indeed has
forced a good many free-traders to drop
their theories and come over to the side of
protection. ' ' "
In a recent speech to a delegation from
Lisbon, Ohio, McKinley, after referring to
the establishment there of a tinplate fac
tory, said: "I ' submit to you, no matter
what may have been your politics in the i
vast, whether you would not prefer ito
have that tinplate factory in your country
and in your State than to . have • it 'in
Wales." That simple ; question . involves
the whole tariff question : Will you ' have
factories at home or abroad?
THE WAY TO HARMONY.
The discussion of yesterday in the Re
publican Stale Central Committee on the
condition of the affairs of the party in San
Francisco must have made it clear to all
who were present that the contest is one
between regularity and irregularity; be
tween those who are upholding the party
organization and those who are trying to
either control it or break it clown. That
much was established beyond a doubt by
the unanswerable argument of Mr. Watt,
and will have an important bearing on
whatever decision the committee reaches.
The element of regularity is essential to
all organizations. Every political party
in America has practiced it, and none
could exist without it. For years past the
Republican organization in San Francisco
has been entrusted to the management of
a central committee chosen to hold office
for two years and until its successor has
been duly elected and qualified. The
present committee is the orderly successor
of that which preceded it, and holds
office by an equal authority. Thus we
may go back step by step from one elec
tion year to another and find this line of
succession unbroken, each succeeding com
mittee being like its predecessor, the duly
authorized and recognized administrator
of party affairs until it 3 authority was
surrendered to another committee chosen
by a regularly called convention of the
Republicans of San Francisco.
This chain of regularity unbroken gave
the present committee the authority to
call the Republican Convention of San
Francisco to nominate local candidates
for office in the coming election. The
delegates to that convention were elected
at party primaries regularly conducted.
They met and organized as a convention
in due form and proceeded to nominate a
full ticket. That ticket Registrar Hinton
has filed in his office as the list of Repub
lican candidates. His action, which was
in strict accordance wiln law, gives the
official seal to the proceedings of the con
vention and confirms its regularity with
all the force- and effect of what is virtu
ally a judicial decree.
The regularity of the Auditorium con
vention being thus established beyond
controversy and the ticket of that con
i vention having been placed by the Regis
trar on the official ballot as the " Republi
can ticket," the members of the State
Central Committee have before them
nothing to decide except whether they
will support the party organization or not.
Each member of that committee knows
the rules of parly management. He
knows by whet processes Republican con
ventions are organized and committees
chosen in his own county. He knows,
moreover, that without regularity of this
kind there could be no such thing as an
organized party in the State.
When regularity and organization thus
confirmed and established have been duly
recognized by the State Committee, the
way to harmony will then be plain and
clear to all loyal Republicans. The County
Committee has already done much to
bring about harmony in tho ranks in this
City. It has made concession after con
cession to the opposing element of the
party. It has withdrawn a reerularly
nominated Presidential elector, W. W.
Montague, and substituted for him the
candidate of the irregulars, J. S. Spear.
It has conceded the nomination for Con
gress in the Fourth District to Mr.
O'Brien, the candidate of the Kelly party,
and consented to the withdrawal of its
own candidate. In response to these con
cessions made by the regulars, what have
j Mr. Kelly or his friends said or done?
The answer is known to every one; they
have said much about harmony— they
have done nothing for it. Is it not,
therefore, the plain duty of the State Cen
tral Committee to strongly advise the
Kelly faction to do their share toward
promoting harmony by supporting the
regular official Republican ticket?
It it sometimes said that we are opposed
to silver; that we are in favor of gold exclu
| sively. On the contrary, my countrymen, we
have done,, as a party, more for silver than
j any other party has ever done. It was the
1 Republican party that provided for the coin
age of silver in 1878, the coinage of the silver
dollar, and subsequently, in 1890, the coinage
of a greater number. Between those years
the Republican party gave to the people more
silver dollars than were ever comed — nearly
fifty times as many silter dollars as were
j coined prior to that time. We maintained
them, too, at par with gold, and we arc in
favor of more of them, too, if we can main
tain them at par with gold.— Senator Sher
man.
A NEW PROPOSITION.
Congressman Newlands, "Nevada's Sil
ver Champion," comes to Ban Francisco
occasionally to enlighten the benighted
hereabouts on the free-silver coinage ques
tion. No doubt he"knowß a good deal
I about the question, past, present and
prospective, but his enthusiasm rather
clouds nis judgment. He says things
sometimes which might better be left un-
I said, In the address he was kind and
I good enough to deliver at Metropolitan
I Temple awhile ago he crew conndential
] with his audience and said :
The mines of the present are in private own
ership. Tbe mines of the future are in tbe
ownership of tbe Government, and it will be
easy, should any undue production result
from the increased price of silver, by an ar
rangement with Mexico, to withdraw the min
eral lands trom grant, or to exact a royalty, or
to take some other method of restricting pro
duction so that it be equal to and not pass
beyond the existing demand.
Government ownership of the silver
mines of the country is a new proposition,
and an agreement with Mexico to restrict
production is a wonderfully wise sugges
tion no doubt. But does not Mr. New
lands admit too much when he suggests a
plan to close the mints against "iree' and
unlimited coinage" ? The supposition has
been that "free and unlimited coinage"
meant tnat the mints should coin all of
ferings, bnt Mr. Newlands does not so un
derstand it. He wants- to provide "some
method of restricting production." Re
stricted productiod would mean restricted
coinage, and since it is Mr. Newlands 1
plan to conler upon the Government the
right to say how much the mines shall
produce the conclusion is that he believes
real free and unlimited coinage would be
very bad for the people.
But Mr. Newlands would go still fur
ther to guard against unlimited coinage.
He proposes that the Government shall
own and control all the silver mines of the
country, which would enable it, in con
junction with Mexico, to keep the coinage
of silver within the requirements of com
merce. Of course that would necessitate
the absorption of all private mining prop
erty by the Government, lor otherwise the
Government would be.in competitionwith
its citizens. But Mr. Newlands' plan
necessarily provides for the purchase of
all private mines by the' Government,' and
right in that scheme may be found the
"joker" of the whole business.
The difference between Mr. Newlands'
plan and the Government's present sys
tem is that now the Government buys sil
ver and coins it on its own account, which
plan enables it to restrict coinage, while
Mr. Newlands 1 plan would make the Gov
ernment the owner of the mines, so that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
it could restrict coinage by restricting the
output ol the ore. Tweedledum vs. twee
dledee. This difference, however, would
obtain : Under the plan of Mr. Newlands,
mine-owners could unload their properties
upon the Government.
But the point of Mr. Newlands 1 address,
to which attention is called is the un
solicited admission that unlimited silver
coinage would be dangerous because of the
probability of the volume of silver dollars
becoming too large. Of course Mr. New
lands antagonizes the theories of Teller,
Bryan and all the other leaders of the free
and unlimited coinage movement, and
practically reads himself out of the free
silver party, but it is just possible that he
has jumped from the frying-pan into the
fire in advocating Government ownership
of the silver mines.
We want the best currency to measure the
labor of our people and to carry on our com
mercial relations with foreign countries. We
want the best standard of value for our own
peopU in their domestic exchanges; and the
Republican party, with McKinley at its head,
is determined that we shall have that great
boon. — Senator Sherman.
THE PEOPLE AND CANDIDATES.
The effort, of Bewail to belittle the influ
ence which the enormous Republican
majority at the Maine State election has
exerted and will continue to exert is
too much like the boy who whistles
when passing a graveyard to count
for much. And his assertion that
Bryanism is spreading rapidly in New
England is so stupidly foolish that
people are likely to conclude that Watson
is the better man of the two Vice-Presi
dential candidates. The fact is, had Bryan
felt that he was making converts he would
not have left New England so soon. There
would be more glory in carrying one of
those States than any three Western
States would give him, and if there is one
thing that Bryan dotes on it is glory.
Those who participated in the General
Scott campaign in 1862, and in the Greeley
campaign in 1872, will see the same kind
of elements accumulating to overthrow
Bryan that sent those distinguished men
to their everlasting political graves. Early
in the compaign the people traveled miles
to see Scott and Greeley, and such ovations
men seldem get, but no once could tell
whether the people were moved by curios
ity or enthusiasm until the campaign had
nearly spent itself. As the campaign
neared its close the people acted just as
people do after the circus is over. They
are really glad the show is over, and their
only recollection of the performers is as
sociated with the funny things they said
and did. None of them care a snap for
the showmen as people.
Bryan is affording the people rather
more amusement than Scott and Greeley
did; besides, with our improved urban
and suburban car service it is easier to
collect a crowd of 10,000 people now than
it was to get 1000 together when Scott ran,
or- 5000 when Greeley was on the stump.
Crowds these days indicate nothing in
particular. It is the sober thinking of the
people that decides National elections
these days. The .people read more and
judge for themselves more than at any
former period In the country's history.
Not only so, but they are more conserva
tive than they used to be, and it is hard to
induce them to depart from old and tried
paths. Bryauism is too new and too much
of an experiment for the people to indorse,
but they will hear what he has to say.
Bimetallism means the use of two metals,
and after you have the free coinage of silver
t here will be no money in circulation except
riUter. That is monovietallism. These people
who say they are bimetallists and that they
are in favor of the free coinage of silver are
deluded or mistaken, b. 'cause nothing is more
sure, as shown by the experience of mankind,
than that whenever you debase money that
money becomes the standard of value. — Sena
tor Sherman.
INCENDIARY SPEECHES.
Tillman and Altgeld are Bryan's closest
political friends. They have more influ
ence with him than the chairman of the
campaign committee. That is because he
likes their political views. Birds of a
feather flock together.. Mr. Eryan, how
ever, cannot quits keep up with Tillman.
He can say "cruel." "neartless" and "cor
rupt," when speaking of the leaders of the
Republican party, but it takes the South
Carolina partner to put things in true
Popocratic shape.
In the course of a speech last week Till
man took occasion to denounce the Su
preme Court, and among other things he
said: "If McKinley is defeated the Demo
cratic party will take the rascally Judges
by the throats and teach them that there
is yet liberty in the land." That kind of
talk is intended to breed sectionalism
and excite the worst passions of men. It
is an invitation to the lawless to vote for
Bryan under an implied promise that if
he is elected tbe authority of the courts
may be defied with impunity.
Senator Tillman is a representative
Bryanite. It is true, no doubt, that not
many Popocrats would indorse such in
cendiary speeches, but neither Mr. Bryan
nor the National Committee has repudiated
Tillman 's attack upon the Supreme Court,
and the inference is that Bryan quite
agrees with Tillman that the "rascally
Judges" should be taken "by the throat."
Things have come to a pretty pass when
a candidate for the Presidency Dermits
his lieutenants to as£ the lawless to'break
the law and defy the courts.
Let honest and law-abiding people re
member what Tillman, Bryan's close
friend, says: "If McKinley is defeated the
Democratic party will take the rascally
Judges by the throats and teach them
that there is yet liberty in this land."
We think there was never a more mislead
ing statement than to call Ihe cause of free
silver the cause of the people, in contradis
tinction to what is called, the capitalist class.
TJie one class that might profit in the busi
ness wreck which would come with free silver
would be these same capitalists, with money
in hand to purchase property at forced sales,
while those who would suffer immeasurably
would be the common people. — Hon. S. B.
Capen of Massachusetts.
ON THE DOWN GRADE.
Tbe announcement that Bryan's man
agers have discovered a very rapidly
growing Populistic sentiment in the East
ern and Middle States, and that a large
force of orators will be sent thither will
fool no one. The returns from Vermont
and Maine clearly indicate the drift of
public sentiment in the New England
States, and only two or thrjee days ago one
of Bryan's National Committeemen gave
it out that all the country north of the
Ohir> and Potomac rivers and 6ast of In
diana was sure to go for Major McKinley.
The fact is, Bryan never had the ghost
of a chance to carry a single State east of
Indiana, and now he is losing ground in
the Mississippi Valley States, as any ob
server of passing events may see. The
announcement that speakers are to be
sent East is merely to bolster up the
cause in the West. If it could be made to
appear that the East was swinging around
to Bryan, the West would no doubt take a
new leaso of chunks oi enthusiasm and
make a very much stronger fight than if
weighted down with discouraging reports
from other quarters.
If Bryan has not passed over the too of
the hil!, and is not now going down the
other side at a pretty rapid gait every Bign
is frightfully misleading. He continues to
draw crowds, butit is to be observed that no
other speaker on his side is able to enthuse
the people. The people are willing to turn
out and make crowds for Bryan, but they
are not interested enough in his causa to
listen to any of his lieutenants. In fact,
Boies, Vest, Bland and the other promi
nent supporters of Bryan's candidacy are
ominously silent.
In California Cator, Mitchell. White,
together with Newlands of Nevada, con
tradict Bryan in nearly every one of his
propositions, and the people are begin
ning to wonder if there are as many
phases of the silver question as tnere are
speakers. Bryan says free coinage would
advance the price of silver per ounce to
$1 29, Cator says an American silver dollar
would not go in Europe and Newlands
says the Government should own the sil
ver mines so as to prevent too liberal offer
ings at the mints. In fact, nearly every
one of Bryan's former supporters is com
ing to the front with a better scheme.
Bryanism has seen its best days and it
will soon be only a recollection.
1 1/ believe in the American payroll. And I
do not believe in diminishing that payroll by
giving work to anybody else under another
flag while we have an idle man under our
fiag.— McKinley.
WHAT LABOR WANTS.
What this country needs Is a perfectly
sound circulating currency and a tariff
that will afford enough protection to our
industries to enable them to maintain a
high wage schedule. If these two things
are secured and made permanent, the
people will do the rest. As for a sound
circulating currency, we have one now,
only that owing to our constantly increas
ine trade with other peoples a larger vol
ume of redemption money is now or soon
will be needed. That need, however, is
well understood by the Republican party,
and at the earliest day possible a confer
ence will be held between those in in
terest, when a basis for conferring full
redemption power npon silver will be
established. The Republican party is
committed to that, and the other nations
being apprised of the fact will no doubt be
in readiness to co-opdfeite with this coun
try soon after Mr. McKinley is inau
gurated.
But our circulating money already being
as sound and stable as the wisdom of man
could make it — the only need being a
larger volume— the work of inaugurating
a system of protection to American indus
try becomes the first and highest duty of
the incoming administration. In fact,
we shall need no increase in the
volume of money until we provide
a demand for an increase. There is an
enormous amount of idle money in the
United States, and it will remain idle on
til the various industries are in a condi
tion to give employment to the armies of
unemployed. The moment our mills and
factories are assured that tbey will not be
crowded out of our own markets by foreign
industrial products money in ample quan
tity will be forthcoming. There is no
doubt about that, for idle capital is just as
anxious to go to work as idle labor.
There are hundreds of thousands of
wording people in tiiis country who are
! waiting for the word to take off their
I coats and go to work, and they know it is
I not because there is no money to pay them
j for their services that they are idle, but
j because the markets in which their prod
i ucts would have to be sold are overrun
with similar products made in other coun
tries. The cause of the present depression
in our industrial field is well knowu and
understood by the working class, and they
know it is not the money question but the
question of opening the channels of em
ployment that is the important one; and
the candidate who subordinates the in
dustrial situation to the money question
will exert no influence in labor circles.
It is opportunity to earn some of the
money that now is rather than more
money and less opportunity to earn wages
that labor wants just now.
FRESNO WELCOMES THE VALLEY
ROAD.
We're going to paint the city red; we're going to
make it hum;
We're going to make tha people think that this is
kingdom come;
We're going to have the Governor here, and have
two Dands to play.
Because the Valley road has come and it Is here
to stay.
The locomotive's going to toot; the boys are gome
to yeil.
And all the pretty girls In white will be too sweet
to tell;
We're going to turn the earth around; we're going
to jar the stars,
When the people get together just to greet the
Valley cars. —Fresno Republican.
LITTLE GIRL'S DRESS WITH
JACKET.
A dainty little frock for girls of 3 to 8 years is
shown here. Made of dark bine novelty goods
with tbe full bodice of embroidered batiste it
Is pretty.
For a best dress China silk in stripes of pink,
blue and white, with a white lawn bodice it Is
very pretty.
Choice cheviots in brown and white, or blue
and white, are servicsable and stylish. The
full waist may be of the same or a contrasting
fabric or color.
A taffeta dress of Dresden design had the
bodice of pale blue silk crepe. A white pique
dress had a full bodice of pink lawn.
A dress of green mohair had the jacket of all
over embroidery in flax-colored batiste, with a
narrow edging of the same around it.
The waist buttons in front, buttoning to the
skirt band around the left sida. The jacket
may be made separate and the waist may
fasten in the back. The akirt is Btraight, sim
ply gathered to tbe band.
Mrs. Youngthinj— How long have these eggs
been boiling, Bridget?
Bridget— Eighteen minutes, mum.
Mrs. Yonngthing— Why, I told you to boil
them only three minutes.
Bridget — Oi know that, mum; but the
kitchen clock is fiiteen minutes slow— Tit-Bit*
THE MONARCH
OF HYPOCRITES.
What Contemporaries Say
of Mr. Hearst's
Course.
No Wonder He Is for Bryan
When He Has Millions
Invested in Silver
Mines.
A few days since The Call directed at
tention to the fact that Mr. Hearst's in
vestments in silver mines might have
influenced the course of his two papers in
their advocacy of Bryanism. This was, of
course, merely a suggestion, bnt the man
ner in which it was received by the press
of the City and State is remarkable. With
one accord they speak out and in no un
certain tones.
"No wonder," exclaims one indignant
editor, "the Examiner is for free silver
when over $8,000,000 of the Hearst estate
is invested in silver mines."
Another journalist dips his pen in ink
to write: "Nobody, though, expects the
Examiner to be consistent; nobody ex
pects it to be decent."
Still another epitomizes his opinion of
our contemporary thus: "The Examiner
is the monarch of hypocrites."
The following extracts may prove inter
esting reading:
A MONARCH OUT OF LUCK.
Woodland Mail.
The Call's exposure of the poor old Exam
iner Is causing it to show its teeth and lose its
temper. The monarch is decidedly out of luck
of late.
NO WONDER.
Placer Republican.
No wonder the Examiner is for free silver
when over $8,000,000 of the Hearst estate is
invested in silver mines. And yet this jour
nal is posing as a disinterested advocate for
the dear people.
LOOK OUT FOR THEM.
Pasadena Star.
Look out for campaign lie 6in the Examiner!
That is an enterprising journal and "gets
onto" the latest mendacity with an ability
worthy of a better cause. You wiil find out
these inauy things that are not so— and find
it out early.
A GOOD REASON.
Paradise Star.
A good reason has been discovered for one
Democratic editor favoring free coinage: Mr.
Hearst of the Examiner would make $65,000
a month additional profit out of one mine
alone— the Ontario — that he owns. Does he
need any better reason than that for the faith
that is in him?
THE REASON WHY.
Woodland Mall.
The Call threw a bomb into the Examiner-
Journal camp Saturday by publishing a state
ment showing that the Hearst estate is inter
ested in silver mines to the extent of $5,911,
-691. This explains In a grem measure why
these two papers are supporting Bryan. It is
not through love of the poor workman, as they
would make believe, but for Willie Hearst, the
silver-mine owner.
IN THE CAUSE OF DECENCY.
Vallejo Chronicle.
The San Francisco Call is exposing the
hypocrisy of the Examiner on the money
question, and is thus doing a service to the
cause of decency. The Examiner is a fakir in
the strictest sense of the term; its political
headings are fakes on the subject matter
which follows them; it is woeiuiiy hypocriti
cal because it charges as a crime that of which
it is iueli shamelessly guilty. The Examiner
is the monarch of the hypocrites.
NOT TO BE WONDERED AT
Holllster Free Lance.
It is scarcely to be wondered at that the
Examiner is for "free silver." According to
last Saturday's Call the late Senator Hearst
left his widow and son some $5,000,000 worth
of sliver mining stock. With the Anaconda
Mining Company's stock not counted, as it has
since been sold, the estate still owns $1,769,
-529 worth. "Free silver" means a great deal
to the proprietor of the San Francisco Exam
iner and the New York Daily Journal.
IT HAS CHANGED.
Santa Rosa Republican.
In 1895 tbe Examiner was a sound-money
paper. Then it declared in favor of a sliver
dollar containing a dollar's worth of silver.
May 4, 1895, it said Its experience had not en
couraged it to believe that this country could
mail tain parity of value of the two metals at
16 to 1, and suggested 25 to 1. Then that
uaper stood by Carlisle and opposed 50-cent or
90-cent dollars. The Call is now republish
lng those articles, to the disc mfiture oi the
Examiner in its present position.
IT IS PECULIAR,
Berkeley Gazette.
The San Francisco Call is now drawing a
deadly parallel npon the Examiner and is pro
ducing it* editorials of April and May last, in
which the independent free coinage of silver
at a ratio of 16 to 1 is treated as a dangerous
experiment, in which success is almost impos
sible. Jt commended Carlisle's Memphis
speech and criticized the Illinois Democrats
wnen they adopted their free-silver platform.
"For ways that are dark and tricks that are
vain tne oily Examiner Is peculiar."
CANNOT BE CONSISTENT.
.Alameda Atrtis.
The Call Is trying to prove the Examiner to
be inconsistent on the silver question by pub
lishing some of its editorials of the past. Not
necessary. Nobody expects it to be consistent,
even in one issue. No body expects it even to
be fair or decent. Nobody cares what its
policy or politics is. Who thinks of arraign
ing the pink papers of the barber-shops for
their lack of consistency or their flip-flopping
on questions of public interest'/ Who looks to
them for lessons in, or examples of, or incite
ments to morality? Why The Call should at
tempt such an unnecessary and undemanded
service we are unable to see.
A BITTER DOSE INDEED.
Monterey Cypress.
The San Francisco Call is working the
"deadly parallel" on the Examiner, showing
the latter's position on the silver question a
year ago. The Examiner has evidently found
out that It is receiving a dose of its own medl
ciae.
• • •
Well, we are still patiently waiting for the
answer as to where the San Francisco Exami
ner stands on the civil service question. Is It
afraid of the second dose of its own medicine,
"deadly parallels."
* « •
What do the rest of the Popocratic papers of
California think now that tne Examiner hu
been caught at its own game? Oh, yes, the
Examiner is doing noble (?) work for silver's
cause !
THAT DEADLY PARALLEL.
Stockton Independent.
The "deadly parallel" has been Indulged in
by the Examiner to show that several promi
nent Republican speakers and newspapers
have changed their vie ws on the silver ques
tion within a year or two. This was done in
apparent forgetfulness that the same weapon
could be used against itself. The Call, how
ever, was not so forgetful, and in yesterday's
issue reproduces trom tbe Examiner of June
27, 1890, an article of some length, in which
it took funstantial'.y the same ground as the
National Republican platform idopted one
year later, which it now condemns. It goes
even farther and points out tbe evils that
would follow irom the United States returning
to free coinage of silver, just as the Republi
cans are doing now. To show that this article
was not a mailer of inadvertence The Call
quotes from five other articles of different
dates, all to the same tenor and effect so far as
free coinage is concerned.
AN INTERESTING LIGHT.
Boston Herald.
The San Francisco Call publishes a schedule
of the late Senator Hearst's estate, showing
the total value of Its holdings of silver min
ing shares to be $6,039,619 12. This throws
an interesting light on the metropolitan jour
nalism of to-day.
Chicago Inter Ocean.
A very bright light is thrown on metropoli
tan journalism in New York in the announce
ment of the San Francisco Call that "the
schedule of property of the late Senator
Hearst's estate shows it contains silver min
ing shares to the amount of $6,039,691."
♦
INCONSISTENCIES EXPOSED
Napa Register.
The Call devotes considerable space to the
showing up of Millionaire Hearst's free coinage
record, and in doing so quotes freely from the
Examiner of dates not very far back. Here is a
sample paragraph. It shows how strongly the
Examiner was against free coinage June 27,
1895 1
The free coinage of silver under proper Inter
national agreement would help our trade with nil
the world, but fr«e coinage by this country alone,
unless it succeeded la bringing both metals to a
DP.rity, which would hardly De possible, would
certainly injure our commerce with countries
having the gold s:andarrt. We see tbe same effect
now In countries that arc on a silver basis. The
fluctuations in the price of silver so disturb inter
national exchange as to make trade between gold
and silver using countries partake of tne nature of
a gamble. All the profits of a transaction may be
wiped out by a change in the silver market, or, on
the other hand, they may De doubled. This is a
discouragement to legitimate commerce and tends
to put trade In the hamls, of speculators.
THOSE SILVER MINES,
San Francisco News Letter.
The Call has dealt the Examiner some
weighty blows during the week. Hereafter
nobody can have a doubt that neither the San
Francisco Examiner nor the New York Jour
nal is worth reading on the subject of coin
age. The interest of their proprietor, W. R.
Hearst, is so largely made up of silver mines
that he could easily afford to buy two or three
more "great dallies" and run them for noth
ing, If only Bryan and a silver Congress be
elected. Of course he would not think of run
nlug them at that price, but he could if he
wished. He is not, however, that kind of a
man. There is, notwithstanding his great
wealth, not a more nimble, or unprincipled
catcher of nickels in all this land. His nu
merous devices, often made up of hatred and
falsehood, to conjure small coins out of the
pockets of his readers into his own, have about
sickened all the better elements of our local
society.
For so young a man, raised with the double
advantage of money and education, his greed
and low morals are phenomenal. The Call
has goue to first hand lor its information as
to his interest in silver mines. It published
the sworn inventory filed in court of the
Hearst estate, from which it appears that the
estate consists of mining Interests to the VAlue
of ."58,750,000. Four large and valuable silver
mines make a considerable figure in the list
One of them is said to be easily worth $7,000,
-000. If the silver-mine owners are to ha*re
their product nearly doubled in value — and
that is the sole aim of the Bryan campaign— it
is very palpable why Mr. Ueurst became such
an enterprising advocate of silver, as soon as
he thought there was a chance oi mating such
advocacy a success. He did not always appear
to be for silver, but that was when he thought
it would kill his papers if he permitted them
to say what he thought. Hence, it came that
his writers were permitted to go as far as they
liked for cold, and The Call furnishes curious
reading in showing now far that was.
It was not until after Bryan's nomination
that he dared to change the course of his New
York Journal, which previously had as good
editorials as he can procure — which is not say
ing much— ln favor of the gold standard. Up
to then he lived in fe*r and trembling as
to the possible loss of the nickels ot the
proletariat if he abandoned the advocacy of
honest money. But Bryan's speech, nomina
tion and temporary popularity gave Hearst
the opportunity he wanted, and he promptly
switched around to what, iv point of fact, is
nothing more nor less than booming his own
silver interests. That may be worldly wis
dom, bnt it is downright disgraceful journal
ism, which no honest man respects. But,
really, does Mr. Hearst care for the respect ot
honest men? Since his exposure in the rail
road blackmailing case there are not many
men who believe he does. His course since
then has been such that the general belief is
that he will have blood or die in the attempt.
His brief career furnishes a curious object
lesson. He is a conspicuous example of the
danger inherited wealth is to a young man ap
parently without scruples or honor.
PERSONALS.
W. L. Austin of Denver is in the City.
H. Wilson of Alaska is at the Baldwin.
James Topley, a druggist of Vallejo, is at the
Grand.
V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacramento Bee
Is in town.
F. A. Hilen, the capitalist, of Santa Cruz, is
in the City.
Ex-Sheriff W. J. uraham of Kern County Is
at the RU6S.
H. V. Pullen, a mine-owner of Coultcryille,
is In the City.
Frank L. Coombs of Kapa, ex-Minister to
Japan, is in tne City.
J. Desine and wife of Fresno are guests at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Captain A. P. Maus ot the United States
Army is at the Palace.
J. 8. Hill, a well-to-do livestock-grower ot
Nevada, Is at tbe Buss.
B. S. Chace, the well-known hotel man oi
Santa Cruz, is in town.
C. L. Hufisey of the United States steamer
Thetis is at tho California.
M. Lawrence, manager of the Tallac Honse at
Lake Tahoe, is in tbe City.
C. P. St. John, & business man of ' Chicago, Is
among recent arrivals here.
Hon. H. Eaton. of England Is at the Palace,
accompanied by Mrs. Eaton.
George J. Campbell Jr. will leave this after
noon on the Doric for Japan.
Otto Grafe, orchardlst, of Porterville, is stop
ping at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Bishop and Mrs. Kendrick of Phoenix, Ariz.,
registered at tbe Occidental yesterday.
R. D. Hatch, a wealthy dairyman of Nevada,
arrived here yesterday and is at the. Grand.
C. E. Byrns, proprietor of the Byrns Hotel,
Woodland, and of Yolo County lands, is at the'
Grand.
J. H. Wells of Fourth Croising, cattle-dealer,
accompanied by his wife, is at the Cosmo*
politan Hotel.
Mrs. Mclvor, whose husband is the owner of
the noted Mclvor vineyard at Mission San Jose,
is at the California.
Ex-Senator N. C. Sargent, the extensive land
owner of San Joaquin County, arrived here
from Stockton yesterday.
Mrs. Cbailes D. Perkins of Washington, D. c,
wife of Commander Perkins of the United
States Navy, is at the California.
G. R. Georgeson, agent at Eureka, Humboldt
County, of Wells, Fargo & Co. and two or three
railroads, is among the arrivals here.
M. Greenblatt, one of the owners and editor
of the California Demokrat, was appointed as
& notary public yesterday by Governor Budd.
A party consisting of W. G. Purdy of the
Pennsylvania Railroad, Misses S. E., E. F. and
B. A. Purdy of Chicago and Miss A. B. Sanger
of Washington, I>. C, are at the Palace.
J. M. Engle of Salt Lake, who owns large
areas of timber in Utah, with mills, and who
has contracts for several million feet of lum
ber for railroad building in the Mormon State,
is at the Russ.
Alexander Begg, publisher of the British
Columbia Mining Record, Victoria and Van
couver, B. C, is at the Baldwin. Mr. Begg was
formerly one of the proprietors of the Seattle
Daily Telegraph and also of the Victoria Daily
News. He was for many years agent of the
Hudson Bay Company at one of its northern
most posts in British America, Mr. Btgg i B
here en a business trip.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 29,-At the West
mlnster-N. G. Robertson, K. D. Burns; Bar
tholdi—D. Drew; Imperial-C. E. Ames, C P
Egan; Astor-W. A. Williams, W. P. Eichbaum;"
Murray Hill-Mrs. M. Fletcher Ryer; Grand
y ni °"- H \, B - l nd J - G.Reynolds; Metropoli-
Un-E. J.Baldwin; Giisey-R. a Domrowitz;
Belvidere— S. Harris and wife. Elwood C Jack
son left the Westminster to sail on the Ameri
can liner S t. Paul for England, ■■""«"
Letters from the People.
Silver Under Free Coinage.
Some Fallacies of Silver Men Stated and
Exposed.
Editor San Francisco CaJJ— Dear Sir: Will you
kindly expose the fallacious statement made
by the Examiner in its editorial of Sunday,
and which it reiterates, in nearly the same
language everyday, namely: That "the people
of the United States egree to take silver at
$1 29 per ounce."
The oeople of the United States have made
no such offer. What does the Examiner mean
by "takins silver at $1 29 per ounce"? Taking
implies giving something in exchange. No
offer of anything else is proposed to be made;
only to give back to the silver-owner his metal
coined into dollars. That is not taking his
Filver. I don't think the people of the United
States want to give their gold or labor or prod
ucts for silver at twice its present actual value.
The Examiner instances Rockefeller offering
25 cents per dozen for all the eggs in the
country, but fails to point out the difference
between his paying money for the eggs and
the United States simply returning the silver
bullion to its owner stamped into dollars, the
value of which is an undetermined quantity.
It is by such juggling with words and sophis
try that the Examiner befuddles and bemud
dles many a reader.
It continually hams on the statement that
at the utmost only about $200,000,000 worth
of silver bullion could be turown on our mar
ket. I admit that the silver token money in
use among nations that are on the gold basis
would not flow in on us except, perhaps, in
cases like that of France and Germany, whose
banks hold a large and idle reserve of such
coin; but I contend that all the rest of the
world would stand ready to exchange its sil
ver for our gold or products ii we stood ready
to make such exchange as the Examiner
wants to insinuate and make its readers be
lieve, paying for such silver at twice its com
mercial value. Tho world would be ready to
accommodate us even if silver under free
coinage would advance to $1 25 per ounce.
Would you kindly furnish iv your valued
paper an estimate of what amount of silver
would likely be thrown in upon us, allowing
for argument's sake the ridiculous proposition
that we could advance the bullion v'*lue to
$1 25 per ounce? Yours respectfully,
I. H. Mayer.
[The approximate amount of silver in the
world is reported to be worth about $4,000,
-000,000. The output for 1895 Is given by the
Mint Bureau at 1/4,796,875 ounces, having a
coinage value of about $226,000,000. If the
price rises to $1 25 per ounce measured by
gold the output would largely increase. How
much would come to this country under the
conditions named cannot be calculated -with
any degree of accuracy. Enough would cer
tainly be sent to us to reduce the price here to
the level o* that in other parts of the world
less the fi ignt required to ship it here.
Whether that amount would be large or small
is of little moment since in either case it
would be enough to depreciate our currency to
the basis of the price of silver in the market of
the world.— Editob Call.]
Glace Pineapple, 50c lb. Townsends. •
•—• — ♦ — »
The Bryanite hope of victory rests on|the
mistaken idea that the voting people don't
think and the thinking people don't vote.—
Wheling Intelligence
•—• — * — •
Special Information daily to manufactarflr*.
business houses and public men by the Prssi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• — ♦ «
It Is fortunate that the end of the. campaign
Is but a few weeks off, otherwise all the voters
in the country would visit Centon and tender
Major McKinley their support.— Pittsbnrg
Times.
Are lou Going East?
Tha Atlantic and Pacific Bail road— Santa «■<*
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence fro-n
alkali dose Particularly adapted for the t.-aai
ponatlon of families because or Its palace dra.v
lng-rcotn and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Saa
Francisco Ticket office, 644 Market street. Chron
icle building. Telephone, Alain 1531. Oaklaui,
1118 Broadway.
» — ♦— •
Phillips' Kock Island Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande and. Bock Island Railways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston.* ■' Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to-
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further information address Clinton Jones.
General Agent Bock Island Hallway, 80 Mont
gomery street, San Francisco.
• ' ■■' ' • — • - »
"Mm. wlnilnw'» Soothing Syi-nn'
Has been "used over 50 years by millions or mother*
for their children whim Teething with perfect «a>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allsyi
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels aal
Is the bes; remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arista
/rom teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sura and aj<
ior ilia. Wuisloiv's Soothing syrup, iiou <» o»Ui*
* * • ■. ]
Coronado.— Atmosphere Is perfactly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $65; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
> ♦ »
Colds are frequently caught by the sudden fall
of temperature at sunset. Hence the : need 'of
caution and Ayer*s Cherry Pectoral.
Here's a straight tip tor the betting men: If
you bet on Bryan and lose, you will have to
pay 100 cents on a dollar. If you bet on Mo-
Kinley and lose, you can compromise at 53
cents on the dollar. — Herald.
NEW | TO-DAY.
§ Hard-
Time i
Prices!
NoteaFe^ws
Scott's Emulsion Cod Liver Oil, $1 size.6s«
Todd's Emulsion Cod Liver Oil, $1 size. 75c
Hood'sand Ayer's Sarsapanlla; $1 size. 65b
Todd's.Sarsaparilla, $1 size ........75c
Hall' s Catarrh Cure, 75c size ........... 50c '
Dr. Scott's Catarrh Treatment, free
trial/sur? cure. 6 months' treatment s3.so
Paine's Celery Compound, $1 size 60e
Swift's Specific, $1 75 5ize........ $1.25
Swift's Specific, $1 size , ....65c
Specific No. 1, $3 size.... ,$2.50
Plantin's Capsules ....40c
Succus Alterans, $2 50 size: . : ; '; . ..'. .. $1.75
Pinkham's Compound, $1 size .*.*.*.*. .65c
Mme. Pray's Prescription, $1 size 75c
Trusses, all sizes, tit guaranteed $1 50
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries.... $4 to 125
Electric 8e1t5...... .......; ;• SttoS^i
Elastic. 5t0cking5.. . .. . . ... .'.*. .'.'.'.:,. .$2.50
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
, 953 MARKET ST.. a aide, bet. Stfa and 6th.
yl: * Headqtjaktebs • ' 1
California Campaign Cohikttk. >■
Baldwin- Hotel. , J
ANOTHER GUN
FOR SILVER!
Grand Silver Mass Meeting
METROPOLITAN HALL,
THURSDAY EVENING OCTOBER 1
HON. A. C. ELLIS,
The eloquent orator of Salt Lake City.
HON. M. A. HURLEY,
: . .; The earnest silver Republican,
WILL. ADDRESS THE MEETING.
All Silver Clubs are Invited to be present.
No reserved seals. Come early and avoid the
rush. ;.,
; Campaign songs by the Press Club Quartet. :
WILLIAM P. lAWLOK,
Chairman Campaign Commute*.
.. ■ ■ . ' . ' . • ■•WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 30. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Coixitbia Thkatkb— "The Lost Paradise."
p.okcc'B ci'Zba-Uousk— "Shadows of a Great
City."
Tivor.l OPFPA-HorSK.— "Aid*."
Ohpheuv— High-Class Vnodeviua.
■AICA7AR THKITIR.- "SchOOl." *
fctJTBO Baths— Bathing and performances,
fcßooT the Chutes— Dally M Uaigut street
ire block east of the Park. . *
Mechanics' Ixstitutk rAvrtrox— Twenty
i-lniii Industrial Exposition. J
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Exccbsiox— To Monterey, Sunday, October 4.
Family Exctesiox— To Camp Taylor, Sunday,
October 4.
- AUCTION SALES.
By A "- Cowan— This day (Wednesday).
Millinery Store, at 1503 Stockton TsU, at 11 o'clock
By a. L. CBiraswKLL-Thursday, October 1,
Furniture, at 2118 Stclner street, at 11 o'clock. '
_B y Easton & E i.i> k.— Saturday, October 10
C^^at^o^cfock? Murphy • Station, Haata Clara
Co., at 1 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
This will b*e "Dairymen's Day" at the Fair.
The conference of the Church of the Advent
opened last evening. *
Le Dura Mill and Milling Company was yes
terday incorporated.
Four buildings .were torn down yesterday by
orders of the Board oi Health.
The Board of ITealth has closed the Receiv
ing Hospital to reporters and artists.
The first session of the Dairymen's Associa
tion 01 California was held yesterday.
The San Frarcisco F.urniture Manufacturing
Company failed yesterday for $19,000.
Louise Michel, the famous anarchist, will
Boon begin a lecturing tour in this country.
The bigoAmerican clipper ship Shenandoah
Is reported outside, trying to make this port.
The second week; t>f the Youths' Directory
Fair promises to be even more profitable than
the first.
Some awards on the Mechanics' Fair ex
hibits were anuounced last night by E. A.
Denicke,
A c jury was impanneled in Judge Seawell's
court yesterday to try the seven accused Su
pervisors.
Cloudy Wednesday morning with fog and
northwesterly winds is tne weather forecast
lor to-day. *
Mrs. John Martin has organized a theatrical
company ir. New York, under the management
of J. W. Benson.
Sorae "wind shots" were fired from the ayna
. mite battery for the edification of General
Miles yesterday.
Rev. J. \v. Beard has been cnosen to succeed"
the late Rev. If. F. Colburn as pastor of Grace
Methodisf Church.
The Citizens' Independent party has formu
lated a plan by which the party will continue
in the politicel arena.
The o:d Bella Union Tneater has been leased
to a Chinese syndicate, whtcn will convert it
into a Chinese theater.
Police Commissioner Gunst has returned
from his trip through the East. Ha »ays the
East is all for McKinley. ,
Mts. Maud Bailingion Booth spoke last night
at Metropolitan Temple on the Volunteers of
America and their work.
C. D. Salfield, one of the Supervisorial nomi
nees of the Kelly-Ratney sideshow, publicly
repudiated them last night.
The British ships Hollinswood and Ellisland
came near getting ashore on the Potato Patch
coming Into harboE yesterday.
Wong Tom was yesterday sentenced to one
year in San Quentin, tor assaulting another
Mongolian %vith intent to murder him.
The annual bullshead breakfast of the Iro
quois Club of S«n Francisco will tHke place on
-next Sunday at Estudillo Park, San f^andro.
W. A. Morgan is suing H. I. Kowalsky on a
.promissory note. ,An order for the examina
tion of Kowalsky will probably be made to
day.
js«m Kaine'y will name the Junta's Super
visors. The war among Democruts grows, and
Phelan canno; clean the Augean stabies.of
Democracy.
There were fine entertainments given last
night at the Home. Products' Fair by tbe Bo.V
Brigade and the Young Men's Christian
Association. • c
Joseph Ivilehire, ex-fireman, who fired four
snots at his wife on August 31, was yesterday
held 10 answer -before the Superior Court in
93000 bonds.
Th# National League of Republican Clubs
had a good meeting last night and laid plans
\p help the State Central Committee during
the campaign.
: The will oi Lydia A. Spalding was yesterday
edrnitted to probate. W. F. Goad was ap
pointed executor, without b .dt. The estate
is va :ued at $65,000.
. Auditor Broderick has refused to sien the
warrants of deputies in the offices of the sher
iff, Recorder, Assessor, County Clerk, District .
Attorney and Coroner.
The Mission Suffrage Club will hold its regu
-1 lar meeting this c afternoon at 3360 Seven
teenth street. Several prominent speakers
will address those present.
Woman suffrage speakers are devoting par
ticular attention to residents of those counties
which have no railway communication with
the remainder of the State.
The case of .Patrick Dee, a roldier, charged
with forgery on complaint of James Taylor, a
saloon-keeper near the Presidio, was dismissed
by Judge Jqachimsen yesterday.
The residents of Richmond are somewhat
disgr.intled in consequence of the obstmancy
of some property-owners w&o are disposed to
retard the needed improvements.
Irad B. Coidwell, senior member of the firm
of Coidwell & Daly, dairymen, was stricken
with heart disease and died in a tew momenta
at Harbor View yesterday afternoon.
Between the hours of 5 and 6 o'clock yester
day morning thieves broke through a window
of the North End Loan office aud si- cured jew
elry and watches to the value of $300.
Mies Virginia Fair gave her deposition in the
Craven-Fair twin ejectment suits yesterday
fche enjoyed the proceeding, but was not per
mitted to answer embarrassing questions.
A jury In Judge Belcher's court yesterday
refused to obey the instructions of his Honor
to acquit Anton Lugo of a charge of burglary
and brought in a verdict of guilty in the sec
ond degree.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday took
up the matter of the Government against
Lincoln Brodt of Butte County, who is accused
of fraudulently entering mineral lands for
timber lands.
On Monday the first passenger train to
Fresno will be run over the Valley road. It
will carry invited guests for the great celebra
tion to be held there in honor of the advent of
the competing line.
The Presbytery of San Francisco, which met
laet Monday at Olivet Presbyterian Church,
closed its work yesterday and adjourned to
meet October 16 at Calvary Church, corner of
Geary and Powell streets. 0
Considerable business of importance, relat
ing to the improvement of the streets in the
neighborhood of the Pauhandle. was trans
ected by the Ashbury Heights and Panhandle
Improvement Club last night.
One of the largest fleets of deep-water ships
swarmed through the Golden Gate yesterday.
It contained barks from Honolulu, three
masters from Australia, four-masters from
Europe and coasters that come and go in the
night.
NEW TO-SAT.
A -warm shampoo with Cuticura Soap,
followed by gentle applications of Ccn-
cuba (ointment), the great skin cure, ■will
clear the scalp of crusts, scales, and
dandruff, allay itching, soothe irritation,
stimulate the hair follicles, and prpauco
a clean, healthy scalp and luxuriant hair,
when all else fails.
Sold throughout the world. Prie«. CcncnmA, SOe.l
Boat. 2Sc i Kesolteitt. We «nd $1. ■ Poitbk D*uo
**d Chim. Cobf.. Bole Prop*., Boston. •:•• ; .
«y- .** How to Fxoduce Luxuriant Hair." mailed Ire*. /».
STIFF BREEZES
THAT BRIG SHIPS
Quite a Fleet of Coasters
and Grain Boats
Arrived.
The Salvatore Ciampi Beat the
Port Caledonia by a Short
Head.
NABROW ESCAPE OF TWO SHIP 3
The Holiinwood and E lis'and Nearly
Went Ashore on the Potato
Patch.
With z fair wind and flowing sail one
of the largest fleets of deep-water snips
that has come to this port in. many a
moon got in yesterday. The Golden Gate
was crowded with them, and almost every
class of sailing and steam craft was repre
sented. There were sugar-boats from
Honolulu, coal ships from Australia, barks
from European ports, tramp steamers that
come and go in the night, tugs in num
bers and a goodly supply of coasters.
Among the many that got in was the
S. C. Allen, twenty-two days from Hono
lulu; lnvermark, seventy-tnree days from
Sydney, N. S. W. ; Jane "Burrill, 101 days
from Melbourne, Victoria, in ballast; Pe
gasus, 127 days from Swansea; Salvatore
Ciampa, sixty-four days from- Newcastle,
X. S. W. ; General Fairchwd, eight days
from Seattle; Gatherer, twenty-tliree days
from Prince Williams Sound with 40,000
cases of salmon; Port Caledonia, sixty-live
days from Newcastle, N. S. W.; Glury of
the Seas from Departure Bay, and the
General Siglin, eighteen days from Ko'liak
witti furs. The Ciampi and Poit Cale
donia both made good runs from Aus
tralia, tbe Italian ship winning the race
by the comfortable margin of twenty-four
hours.
The tramp steamers were all moving to
their docks ana tbe scow schooners were
fully in evidence. All in all, yesterday
was one of the busiest times seen on the
bay in months.
All the arrivals report fair weather, and
not an accident marred any of the voy
ages. The Jabez Howes from Philadel
phia made an unusually Jong trip to the
Horn, but once in tbe Pacific Captain
Clapp made up for lost time. Off the
i'aralloncs he was caught in a calm and
was delayed two days. The Howes is the
hrst sbip that has come direct to San
Francisco from Philadelphia In many a
day. She carries a carjio of general mer
chandise. During hisspare moments Cap
tain Clapp made a remarkably handsome
model of a yacht. She is intended as a
present for his little son, and has been
named "Maude," after his daughter. The
captain is well known in San FrancUco
and his many friends were down to wei
come him yesterday when the vessel
docked.
The big clipper Sbenandoah is some
where outside and her agents are looking
for her every minute. She was spoken by
both the Jabez Howes and Port Caledonia.
She is not a fast sailer in lizht winds, but
Captain Murphy can be depended upon to
bring bis ship in on time. 'She is one of
the handsomest and t>est kept American
vessels that come to this port.
Tbe Harbor Commissioners discussed
the coal question yesterday. Tney have
to get a supply for iheir tugs and wharf
ingers' offices and bids were called for.
V. B. Cornwall offered white ash coal at
$5 and R. D. Chandler Rosslynn coal at
$5 25. Other bids ranged upward to Duns
inuir's $7 39 for Wellington. Commis
sioner Cole thought the bid should be
given to Cornwall, but President Colnon
said an investigation should be made, so
the matter was laid over for one week.
Captain Scott, the pilot, reports that the
• whistling buoy is out of order, so master
mariners will please take notice.
A. P. Lorentzen was around town yes
terday. He has not even the trace of a
black eye on his face, and says he was
never struck. Nevertheless, he intends to
make "it hot" for the men who have had
the audacity to refuse a $150 "lay" on
f kins that are worth $500 in the open
market. Tbe whole matter will be aired
in tbe Federal courts.
The British ships Holiinwood and Ellis
land had narrow escapes last Monday.
Both vessels were towed to sea and cast off
beyond the whistling buoy.
The wind failed them arid they began to
drift in toward the Potato Patch. Cap
tain Meyer had left the Holiinwood, but
when he saw the vessel's danger be at
once put back and remained aboard until
he worked her out to sea. .Captain Jordan
was on board the Ellisland for fourteen
hours before he could make an offing and
turn the vessel over to her master. Who
says the pilots do not earn their aalaries
once in awhile?
Frank Wilson and Wesley Wilbur stole
Harry Lewis' boat last week and started
on a cruise up the San Joaquiu. They
were arrested at Antioch and will be
brought to San Francisco. •
DISOBEYED A JUDGE.
A Jury That Refused to Acquit a
Prisoner When Ordered
To Do So.
Despite Judge Belcher's instruction to
acquit Antone Lengo of a charge of burg
lary* th« jnryin the case yesterday brought
in a verdict of guilty in the second de
gree.
Lengo and Henry Nevel, his room-mate,
were arrested on suspicion of having
robbed several places. A quantity of
stolen property wag found in their room.
It was proved during the trial, however,
that Lengo was not implicated with bis
chum, and on motion of the defense
Judge Belcher instructed tne jury to bring
in a verdict of not guilty. After a long
discussion the twelve talesmen overruled
the instruction of the court and brought
in the decision mentioned.
A new trial, at which Lengo will be ac
quitted, will probably be granted.
POPULAR RATES.
Another Inexpennive Onting at Camp
Taylor Next Sunday.
Many people who desired to avail them
selves of the recent 75-cent rate to Camp
Taylor did not go on account of the threat
ening weather, so Mr. Locke has arranged
for another excursion to that delightful
section for next Sunday, on which occa
sion the popular 75-cent rate for adults
and 40 cents for children under 12 will pre
vail. People who want six hours in the
redwoods on Paper-mill Creek can go on
the 8 o'clock Sausalito boat, while those
who will be content with four hours will
be given a special trtftn with seats reserved,
but tickets for reserved seats must be pro
cured at 333 O'Farrell street before Satur
day next at 9p. M. Unreserved seat tick
ets will be sold at the Sausalito ferry Sun
day mornine betore the departure of each
trip. Boating, bathing, bowling and short
carriage drives at a nominal charge are
among the attractions of the trip, and
tbe ride, while not being long ana tire
some, is one of tbe most pleasant out of
tne metropolis. The return trip will start
at 4p. m. and reach the City at 6 p. m.
Standard coaches and open cars will be
used to suit the tastes of all who so.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
i — _ — " • vi. ■— y se= 1
The Deep-Sea Fleet as It Appeared Yesterday at Noon Entering the Golden Gate. It Was One of the
Busiest Scenes That Has Been Seen on the Water Front in Many a Day.
MILK AND COWS
OF CALIFORNIA
First Session This Year
of the State Dairy
men.
Discussion of Matters of Great
Interest to the Dairy
Industry.
CHEESE-MAKING AS IT IS.
Major Alvord of the United States
Bureau of Animal Industry
en Tubercelin.
The annual convention of the California
Dairy Association was callea to order in
the Chamber of Commerce rooms, yester
day morning, with Joseph Maillnrd of
San Geronimo as president and Samuel E.
Watson as secretary.
The president, in his annual address,
dwelt upon the association, its objects and
the work that had been accomplished.
He said many dairymen were not aware
MAJOR ALVORD of the United States Bureau of Animal Industry*
that tbe association had been organized to
aid the industry in getting legislation and
otherwise. It aimed to place the dairy
men of this State on a level with those of
the East, who had superior educational
advantages. One of the chief objects was
to prevent, by legislation and other means,
the adulteration of products. The first
year of tbe association was an important
one. as the battle against oleomargarine
was fought and won, with the result that
the market was now in a better condition
than it would otherwise have been. There
had been an overproduction of butter and
cheese, as many had engaged in dairying
because they had failed in other pursuits.
Notwithstanding the quantitative over
production the quality was not such as
would command a market outside of the
i State. The speaker called attention to
| the need of education in dairying, such as
was given in other States. As to tuber
culosis, all dairymen hoped some way
would be found of protecting the public
health witnout injuring the dairymen.
As a means to this he advised a strength
ening of the association.
Mr. Rousell moved the appointment of
an investigating committee to inspect
dairies in which it was complained that
cows were affected with tuberculosis.
Mr. Le Baron urged the action of the
association in securing good roads.
E. F. Adaniß suggested that the average
of California butter should be raised.
At tbe afternoon session there was a full
attendance, and the first paper read was by
Dr. P. K. Brown, representing the Acad
emy of Sciences, on tbe inspection of dairy
cows for tuberculosis.
In the outset he called the attention of
the meeting to n treatise on tuberculosis
and its effect on the human race. He
then described tbe bacilli and the number
that are thrown off by a patient affected
by tuberculosis.
He showed that by the experiments of
Professor Ernest the milk from a cow
affected with tuberculosis is exceedingly
dangerous, particularly when the under is
affected with the disease. Tbe presence
oi the disease is often found in cows with
out the udder being affected.
He then spoke of the character of the
meat of the tuberculosis-affected animal
and tbe methods that are employed in
Germany to prevent the disposition of
such meat for human food. The propor
tion of the people who are affected by par
taking of meat of tuberculosis-affected
animals, he said, could not be determined.
The way to destroy tuberculosis that may
be in meat used for food is first by boiling,
then by roasting and last by cooking be
fore the are.
Tbe proposition to regulate the food for
the market by officials ia not always the
safest, because the difficulties in the way
I of such supervision are obviously so great
that some years must eiapse before auy
measure of "an effective kind could be car
| ried into operation in American cities,
where political positions are not always
wisely rilled.
He spoke of the use of tuberculin for the
purpose of discovering tuberculosis in
cattle, said it is most effective and spoke
in favor of its use in this State.
Major Alvord of the United States
Bureau of Animal Industry spoke in a
general way of the manner in which the
Government issues tuberculin. He said
tbat it is sent to boards of health and to
| persons who give evidence of fitness to
I use tbe tuberculin and furnish results.
The secretary read a letter from H. H.
Taylor of the Milbrae dairy suggesting
that the use of tuberculin should be
made to conform to the condition of the
local cow, and that the University of Cali
fornia should manufacture the tuberculin
and furnish it at cost. He also suggested
that if a cow is found affected the owner
should be allowed to drive it to a fertilizer
factory so as to be enabled to obtain a
certain remuneration for the property he
is forced to destroy.
There was a discussion on the present
I methods of inspection in this State and
j the necessity of v law that would provide
! compensation for animals that may have
Ito be destroyed. The matter of tne man
i i er in which the San Francisco Board of
Health acts in quarantining milk was
I mentioned, and Mr. Howard stated that
i lie was having a legal opinion prepared
which he will present to-day.
Professor M. B. Jaffa of the agricultural
department of the University of California
read a paper on cattle foods. He went
into a long technical explanation of the
relative value of foods for cattle and gave
the result of analyses of California'and
Eastern food. The foods dwelt upon were
mixed feed, phorts, middlings, bran
(wheat), bran linseed, oatcake meal, co
coanut meal, cottonseed meal, burr clover,
beet pulp, beet pulp silage, clover and
corn silage. Beet pulp, he declares, has
proved a most valuable food for cows.
J. v. Pearson, superintendent of tne
Fallon creamery of Tom ales, read a very
interesting paper on cheese-making in Cal
ifornia. He showed that in 1850 150
pounds of cheese was made in this State;
in 1860, 1,343,000 pounds; in 1870, 4,395,000
pounds; in 1890," 4,962,000 pounds, and in
1895. 9,000,000 pounds. He declared that
California has greater advantages for
cheese-making than the East, yet the in
dustry is not carried out as it 'should be,
as is shown by the large importation from
tbe East and tbe reduced price for which
California has to sell in order to compete.
This entahs a lose to California dairymen
of $320,000. This could be saved to them
if they would manufacture* better quality
of cheese — in fact California cheese can be
made to attain a repute as great as that
possessed by California fruit. He urged
the establishment of a school of Instruc
tion, so that dairymen could learn how to
make first-class cheese..
Professor Wickson said that he indorsed
all that Mr. Pearson bad said, but thought
he had not stated it strong enough.
President Mailiard said that it was a
shame that people should have to buy
Eastern cheese if they want a quality that
will last for several days.
Major Alvord, upon request, said a few
words on the subject of cneese-making,
stating that California, so far as his obser
vations went, has very great advantages
for the industry. He urged tbe dairymen
te stick to full cream cheese if they desired
to keep up a good reputation. He called
attention to tbe fact that the exclusive use
of alfalfa as food for cows has a tendency
to give milk, butter and cheese a taste
that is not agreeable.
In answer to a question, be said that
while it was true that skim milk cheese is
nutritious, it ia not advisable to make
such.
Tbe programme for to-day will b«: At
the morning session Professor C. W.
Woodworth will advance some ideas on
important points in Btate inspection;
Major Alvord of the Bureau of Annual In
dustry will suggest plans for securing dairy
legislation; in the afternoon Dr. R. H.
Freund will give results of microscopic
research into the nature of tuberculosis
bacilli; Professor Wickson will read a
paper on "What the cow ought to do for
tbe dairyman, and what the dairyman
ought to do for the cow"; there will be a
paper by A. H. Sbrite on creamery man
agement; William Vanderbilt, secretary
of tbe California bureau, will recommend
the revising the present dairy law; the
secretary will read his report on the year's
work, and in the evening officers will be
elected, after which there will be an ad
journment to the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co.. 48 Batter street
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks lor us,*
CANTON AND BACK
FOR ONE FARE
It Will Cost $72 50 for
Pilgrims to See Major
McKinley.
An Excursion to Leave Califor
nia About the Middle of
October.
LIMIT OF TIME THIRTY DAYS.
Arrangements by Expedition Man
agers Completed at the Union
League Club.
The promoters of tbe California ex
cursion to Canton, Ohio, met at tbe Union
League Club last evening. There were
present Colonel J. T. Ritchey, Redlands;
Dr. Livingstone, San Jose; T. L. Carothers,
Ukiab; Senator S. N. Androus, Pomona;
A. G. Hubbard, Redlands; I. B. Dudley,
San Diego, and Samuel M. Shortridge,
Colonel George Stone, George H. Pippy,
Colonel William Macdonald, Joseph Spear,
T. H. Ward, Joseph Simonson, George
Patten, Colonel Frank Sumner, San Fran
cisco, and G. J. Griffiths, Los Angeles.
Colonel Ritchey was elected chairman of
the meeting and Colonel D. E. Miles sec
retary.
It was announced by tbe chairman that
a round trip rate of $72 50 had been al
lowed by the Transcontinental Associa
tion. While the date of departure has not
been definitely fixed it is thought that Oc
tober 12 will be the day. The excursion
istj themselves may elect the route. In
order to secure the rate offered one hun
dred tickets must be taken.
It Is proposed tbat tbe excursionists
shall represent the leading industries of
California, such as wool, fruit, lumber,
shipping, banking, manufacturing and
railroads. Advocates of the Nicaragua
canal are to be a feature of the pilgrimage.
The limit of tbe excursion privilege is
thirty days md the excursionists must go
in a body. George H. Pippy, 623 Market
street, will receive applications from citi
zens in mis part of the Slate who desire
to make the trip.
Last evening Colonel William Mac
donald was elected vice-president and
authorized to call a meeting of the excur
sion advocates in this vicinity whenever
he shall deem it necessary.
Colonel Ritchey of Ked lands and G. J.
Griffiths of Los Angeles will attend to
similar duties in the southern part of the
State.
Colonel Ritchey has received many
assurances, which lead him to believe
that tne requisite number of subscribers
will soon be enrolled.
FRAUDULENT GRANT
United States Grand Jury Investigating
Alleged Land Swindles In Butte
Countj.
The United States Grana Jury yesterday
tooK up the matter of the Government
against Lincoln Brodt of Butte County,
who is accused by Parry and Merry, own
ers of the Alki mine, of fraudulently en
tering as timber lands property tbat for
twenty years or more has been famous for
its mineral resources.
The full details of the story were pub
lished in The Call of Sunday last.
There were nine witnesses before the
Grand Jury yesterday. They were Reed
M. Ingraham, James Bollinger, J. K.
Strada, N. Hupp, R. D. Jones, A. L.
Cohen and George Parry, the last named
being one of tne owners of the Alki mine.
All the witnesses so far examined swear
positively that the property in dispntehas
always been regarded as mineral land, and
this is fnrther emphasized by the fact that
several mines are now in actual operation,
notably the one owned by Parry and
Merry.
Other witnesses from Butte County will
be examined next Tuesday, when an In
dictment may probftbly be returned.
Fell to His Death.
Enrico Spingula. the seventeen-months-old
boy of Mr. and Mrs. J. Spingula, 427 Green
street, died yesterday as the result of inji rics
received Sunday afternoon. The little fellow
was playing in the front parlor, and pushing
a cnair up to the open window he leaned out,
lost his balance and tumbled to the hard
pavement ten leet below, striking on his head
Mrs. Spingula, who was, in the kitchen, knew
nothing of the accident until a neighbor who
had witnessed the fall brought tbe child into
the house. He was unconscious and remained
bo until death came yesterday. An inquest
was waived and the child will be buried to
day.
The Divorce Courts.
Judge Slack yesterday granted Sarah Rorke
a divorce from James Rorke on the eround of
habitual intemperance. The plaintiff was
awarded $25 per month alimony and $75
counsel fees.
Nora McGraw was divorced from Hugh Mc-
Graw by Judge Slack for extreme cruelty.
Judge Sanderson granted Ida Bruce a di
vorce irom Scott Bruce on the ground of de
sertion.
Judge Troutt granted Jessie Beane a divorce
from Archer C. Beane on the ground of deser
tion.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Thttu- _J9 '■' '- - "* v *
• • Umlli : yfj&r; ■ : *f •*"> _ fUn ■
A PERMANENT
ORGANIZATION
The Citizens' Independent
Convention Strength
ening Itself.
Candidates Who Declined Because
They Were Otherwise
Engaged.
TO FOEM A COUNTY COMMITTEE
The Proposed Plan Will Embrace
Some Novel Features in Party
Government.
The Citizens' Independent convention
resumed work on its list of candidates last
night J. H. Gray was taken down as
nominee for School Director at his own
request Mr. Gray declined to run incon
sequence of a pressure of business. In his
place Dr. J. G. Crawford, a man with a
Grand Army record, was substituted.
To fill the unexpired term of School
Directors Dr. J. H. Soper and T. R. Knox
were nominated.
C. J. Hutching of 715 Golden Gate ave
nue was given the nomination for State
Senator for the Twenty-first District. C.
H. Wetgen was nominated for Tax Col
lector.
Having fixed up the list thus far, and
satisfying B. P. Mallatratt that his favor
ites, Wallace Bradford and H. C. Hender.
son, would not be disturbed, the conven
tion mapped out a course for future
political existence by providing for a
County Committee, which will, when per
fected, consist of Dr. George L.
Fitcb, Z. T. Wbitten, A. C. Smith,
D. Forster and W. D. King&bury as dele
gates at large, with one member from each
council, club, lodge or othor sab-organiza
tion, and also one delegate at large from
the fraternal society to which the branch
belongs.
Ttiese will comprise the incoming
County Committee which will sow the seed
for a permanent political organization.
It is expected the work of the con
vention will be completed at to-morrow
night's meeting.
FIRST TRAIN TO FRESNO
Passengers to Be Carried There
on the Valley Road on
Monday.
Will Take the Invited Guests Who
Are to Participate in the
Celebration.
Most of the session held by the directors
of the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company yesterday was
devoted to the consideration of the re
quest of the Fresno celebration commit
tee for an excursion train on October 5,
Labor day.
The Fresno people propose to make that
day one long to be remembered by every
one who is fortunate enough to be in the
metropolis of the raisin belt on that date.
The advent of the Valley road is the chief
motive for the celebration, and as most
fitting and appropriate to the occasion the
committee has asked the Valley road offi
cials to provide and operate its first pas
senger train between Stockton and Fresno
on tne day in question.
It took little time to accede to the wishes
of the Fresnoites, most of the discussion
being in the form of suggestions as to how
to arrange things so as to best please the
people of Fresno. It was finally decided
to make up a train of the six fine passen
ger coaches now at Stockton and two of
tne combination smoking and baggage
cars and place it at the disposal of the
celebration committee.
Transportation on this train will be re
HEW TO-DAT.
Let's take hold hands/
Mr. Grocer, and dance!
We've got some beautiful
business for you and with
you, and for and with your
customer.
Schilling Best is the
tea. Pay every customer's
money back that don't like
it We'll pay you.
There's money in it
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 895
567.50
4ROOMSFDRNITORE.
Kitchen Table, 2 chairs,
stove (No. 7). Dining-r.: Exten-
sion table, 4 oak chairs. Bedr.:
Selected ash set 7 pieces, wire
and top mattress, 2 pillows.
Parlor: Solid oak set 5 pieces.
CARPETS AT ToWEST PRICES.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
HOUSE furnishers,,
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant Aye.
• Tillkphosh 5301.
IWWIO-DAT-AjnJSEMEim.
LAST WEEK
OF THE——
MECHANICS' FAIR
THE GRANDEST EXHIBITION
ON RECORD
Tuesday— Boys' Brigade and T. M. C.
A. Athletes.
Wednesday— The. Dairymen and the
Knickerbocker Quartet.
Thursday — Woman's Suffrage and
Flower Show Day. B "
Friday Night— Governor's ■ Night and
t (by particular request) the Grand Pro-
gramme or Wagner's Illustrious Music.
Saturday— CLOSlNG DAY. : I
LAST~WEEK.
»EW TQ. DAT ;
Firs curesT J
1 THAT COUNT. I!
>> Many so-called remedies are J \
c pressed on the public attention ) ( !
I on account of their claimed I
(j> large sales. But sales' cannot M
*l determine values. Sales simply > ( i
: I argue good salesmen, shrewd !'
iP puffery, or enormous advertis- << |
ij) ing. It's cures that count. It <ji
| > is cure* that are counted on by « '
ii[ Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales <<|
»s might be boasted. It has the l<'
!» world for its .market. But V
i ') sales prove nothing. We point -X
ij) only to the record , of , Ayer's |i
j! Sarsaparilla, as proof of its <<[
<|) merit: V»-
-| 50 YEARS i
l|| • OF CURES.
served for the invited guests of Fresno
only and stops will be made at the various
stations along the route to take aboard
such guests. Among those who are to be
invited are Governor Budd and his staff,
the directors of tne Valley road and rep
resentatives of the newspapers of this
City. The directors will leave here for
Stockton on Sunday evening, lay over at
Stockton durinp the night and proceed to
Fresno on the Valley road's first passen
ger train on Monday morning. The re
turn trip of the train will be made at 6
o'clock Monday nigut.
Contracts were awarded by the directors
yesterday for the lreieht depot and the
turn-table at Fresno. The depot is to cost
between ?400Q and $5000 and work on it
will be begun in about two weeks.
Regular passenger business wiil not be
inaugurated on the Valley road until
proper facilities can be provided for trav
elers all along the line and at the termi
nals.
NEW TO-I.AT— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs.Ersesti.vb Kbkt.ixo. Proprietor A Manager
I. AST WEEK OF
Tli© Grand Opera, Season
TO-NIGHT-
AND -A.T_iT_i THIS WBBK
Verdi's Divine Inspiration,
JSIJOOjBLV 9 -
SUNDAY EVENING— i,ast Night Grand Open
Season— to the Favorites.
Next Week— Romantic Opera, !
"S-A.T.A.3M3ESXJIJ-A."
OB
The PoTeer of liove.
First Appearances of
ELVXA CROX SEABKOOKE, s--oubrette,
MAURICK DASCY, Light Comedian.
Popular Prices— and 'sOc.
Tn!COLAnDtR.6OTTIOD«»'o>' Lt»C3AnDnAnABtW—
EVEBI RTtVER T~ EVERT
ADVOCATE, | LABORER,
No Bryan Man Should Fall to See tile Great Play.
"THE LOST PARADISE,"
Now Being Magnificently Presented by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
NEXT MONDAY "TRILBY."
Reserved Seats— 2sc, 50c, 75c and Si. oo.
On Sale To-morrow.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MORO3CQ. sola Lessee and UUnagK
PACKED HOUSES CROWD TO SEE
Xj. .R,. STOCKWELL '
In the Strongest of Scenic Melodramas,
"SHADOWS OF A GREAT (JITYT
Assisted by the Eminent Artists,
HOWARD KYLE, VICTORY BATEM AN.
Wonderful Revolving Scene.
Costly Costumes ! Splendid Scenery
Gorgeous Accessories !
. Evening Prices— 100. 250 and 50e.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
CVFarrell Street, Between Stockton ana PowsU.
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday). Sept. 30.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, any seat, 10c.
■ • Children. lUc, any "part.
8 6-GREAT VAUDEVILLE STARS-26
Together With the Famous
Royal Hawaiian Band and <Jlee Club.
Skilled Musicians and Vocalists— 4o
One of the Orpheum'a Greatest Successes
Special Matinees by the Band Thursday A Friday.
Bei-asco. Doanc A JonnxK. Lesssei <fc Managers.
ANOTHER UNEQUIVOCAL HIT 1
"SCHOOIj V*
PRICES-Evening: 15c, 25c, 35c and 500.
Matinee: l sc, 25c and 35c.
Secure Keats by Telephone. Black 991.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BALDWIN THEATER.
SEATS I Monday, Oct. 5,
READY "THE PRISONER
ruv OF 2ENDA."
lU-UAY. | From Lyceum Theater. N. Y.
THE CHUTES
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
Open Daily from I to 11 P. M.
Every Evening in the Open Air!
MULLEN SISTERS, Cornetlsts,
THE ANIMATOSCOPE and
a 3-MILE BICYCLE RACK,
The Funniest Sight Ever Seen Is
DELMAR, THE MAN-FROQ!
Hopping Down the Chutes
EVERY NIUHT AT 10 O'CLOCK,
ADMISSION IO CENT 3.
Children, including .Uerry-Uo-Kound Hide, 5 cent*
POPULAR EXCURSION
NEXT SUNDAY.
A All If "If For ™und trip to
I 1 HJ I V #RO CAMP TAYLOR.
I 111 I B I ■111 Leave via Sausalito
UII II VII ferry at BA. M. and
10 A.M. Four or six hours in the redwoods.
Arrive home at 6P. M. Reserved Beats with-
out extra charge on 10 o'clock train, person-
ally conducted by J. E. Locke, by securing
tickets in advance at 333 O'Farrell st. - Office
open daily until 9P. M. A grand outing. Boat-
ing, swimming, bowling, basket lunches. Hdtel
dinner for those who prefer it. TELL YOUR
FKIENDS. Tickets at ierry before departure
of each steamer. ,
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. it
Concert Every Afternoon and Eveninr
,- General Admission— Adults 10c. Children 5a
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
I ACT " AND -BEST- —
J-/\O 1 OF THE SEASON.
FAMILY EXCURSION
TO MONTEREY,
DEL MONTE AND PACIFIC GROVE.
Under the personal supervision of MR. WM H.
MENTON, Excursion Passsnger Agent 8. Jt\ Co.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4.
Virt I ROUND-TRIP I aW AW
92.UU1 TICKETS !$2.00
Special Train, will leave Third and Towniend
Streets Depot at 7:30 a. m. '. na
■ For further information apply at Grand Hnt«i
Ticket Office. 813 Market street. , ; f "
RICHARD GRAY, • T. H. GOODMAN'
Gen'i Traffic aigr. uen'l l*a«s.
78
FOLLOWERS OF
SAINT ANDREW
Meeting of the Brotherhood
in the Church of the
Advent.
A Bounteous Repast Set for
Those Who Came to Speak
and to Learn.
WORK DONE IN THE WEST.
The Isolation of the Pacific States
Thoroughly Discussed by the
Clergymen.
The conference of the Brotherhood of
St. Andrew was formally opened last even
ing at the Church of the Advent on
Eleventh street, a large number of clergy
men and members of the Woman's Aux
iliary being present.
The afternoon session was held at
Trinity Church and was devoted to the
ladies of the auxiliary, who discussed their
work in the church and laid plans for
their future labors. ,
Among the clergy present last evening
were: Right Rev. William Nichols, D.D.,
Bishop of California; Right Rev. Abiel
Leonard.D.D., Missionary Bishop of Neva
da and Utah; Right Rev. J. M. Kendrlck,
D.D., Missionary Bishop of Arizona ana
New Mexico; Right Rev. William Barfcer,
Missionary Bishop of Olympia; Right Rev.
J. H. Johnson, D.D., Bishop of Los An
geles; Rev. R. C. Foute, Rev. Hobart
Chetwood, Rev. E. B. Spalding. Rev. J. A.
Emery, Rev. F. J. Mynard, Rev. G. E.
Walk. Rev. W. Riley. Rev. M. D. Wilson.
Rev. W. I. Kip Jr., Rev. H. Howitt, Rev.
H. H. Chapham, Rev. W. H. Moreland,
Rev. W. E. Shaw, Rev. R. Ritchie, Rev.
F. Hulme. Rev. F. D. Miller, Key. T. L.
Randolf, Rev. A, L. Brewer, Rev. D. O.
Kelly, Rev. H. M. Manges, Rev. E. L.
Parsons, Rev. William B. Brewer, Rev. H.
B. Collier, Rev. H. Lee, Rev. D. McClure.
Rev. W. B. Burrows, Rev, G. H. Jenics,
Rev. E. Hartmann, Rev.M. D. Law, Rev.
John D. Wakefiold.
Bishop Kendrick delivered the opening
address, which was »n the subject of
"Ministering to Others," and tbe entire as
semblage was called to a bounteous repast
laid in the spacious basement of the
church.
The Brotherhood conference was taken
up after the refreshments, the topic of
discussion being, "The Isolation of the
Pacific States as a. Factor in Brotherhood
Work."
C. L. McAfee of San Francisco spoke on
the general topic and was followed by
Bistrop Johnson of Los Angeles, who took
the matter up from a city standpoint, and
Bishop Leonard, who took up'the cudgels
for the country.
"SMALL SOULS, BIG LIARS."
The Record, One of Five Bishops Said,
"Which California Once Enjoyed.
Five Bishops and thirty-one clergymen
of tae Episcopal church participated in a
banquet Monday night at the Occidental
Hotel.
The Right Rev. Bishop Nichols sat at
the table and acted as toaslmaster. In a
o happy vein he made the initial speech of
the evening and then called J in turn upon
the visiting . Bishops and later upon sev
eral clergymen and upon one of the com
mittee men connected with the improve
ment of the Episcopal Divinity School at
San Mateo.
Bishop Nichols noticed with pride the
large number of clergymen assembled and
said that he had received regrets from
» others who found it impossible to attend.
Among such were .Bishops Wells, Morris
and Poe ana clergymen detained at home
by illness. He referred by way of com
parison to a time in 1854 when the ven
erated Bishop Kip had found but two
Episcopal clergymen in San Francisco. In
a happy little anecdote of a braggart Con
gressman from Texas he declared that
California had always been accorded the
record for "small souls and big liars."
Only one of those records, he said, now
remains. The visiting Bishops in proudly
telling yesterday morning of their respec
tive districts had shattered one of those
records. o •
Bishop Leonard did not say a great deal
about Utah, but he maintained the same
happy, rambling style that the toast
master bad suggested. He told of a Detroit
paper that describing a similar gathering
of clergymen announced the next morn
ing that there were eighteen full Bishops
at the banquet; and so the good-humored
remarks went
Following are the names of those pres
ent: . c
Ritrht Rev. William F. Nichols, D.D., Bishop
of California; Right Rev. Abel Leonard, D D
Bishop of Nevada and Utah; Right Rev. J. m"
kendrlck.D.D., Bishop ol Arizona and New
Mexico; Right Rev. William Barker, Bishop of
Olympla; Right Rev. Joseph H.Johnson.
D.D., Bishop of Los Angeles; Rev. R.C.Foute,
Rev. H..Chetwooa, Rev. E. B. Spaldine, Rev.
J. A. Emery. Rev. F. J. Mynard, Rev. G. E.
Wall. Rev. W. Riley, Rev. M. D. Wilson, Rev.
W. I. Kip Jr., Rev. H. Howitt, Rev. H. N.
Clapham, Rev. W. H. Moreland, Rev. W e'
Shaw. Rev. R. Ritchie, Rev. F. Hulme. Rev' F*
D. Miller, Rev. T. L. Randolph, . Rev. A. ii
Brewer, Rev. D. O. Keely, Rev. H. M. Menges,
Rev. E. L. Parsons, Rev. William B. Brown,
Rev. H. B. Collier, Rev H. Lee? Rev D. m"'
-< -In re. Rev. W. B. Barrows, Rev. G. H. Jenks
J^T.-. 1 ;- Jfartmann, Rev. M. D. Law, Rev. John
I). VVakefleld, Chaplain Wallace.
The visiting Bishops were made ac
quainted with the Episcopalian clergy
men of this City yesterday morning at the
meetme of the clericua. All the local
clergy, are members of the organization
and most of them were present yesterday
to hear informal talks from the mission
" ary Bishops on work in their various
dioceses. Rev. Dr. Spalding was in the
chair. •
TO TEACH MEDICINE.
Opening of the College of Physicians
and Surgeon* of Sun Francisco.
The new College of Physicians and Sur
geons of Ban Francisco, recently incor
porated, opened its regular couise yester
day at the new college building, on How
ard street, near Fourth. There was a
large attendance of students, who listened
attentively to the opening addresses of
Professor Frank Donaldson, late of the
Johns Hopkins University of Baltimore
and Professor Samuel O. L. Potter. ''
The faculty, which consists of well
known physicians and surgeons, includes
Professor Donaldson, physiology Profes
sor Potter, medicine; Dr'Wlnslbw Ander
son, obstetrics; Dr. Lame, surgery and
Dr. Southard, eye and ear. The course of
• clinics and laboratory work will begin on
October 15 for the winter.
"PACIFIC YOUTH."
The Boys' Training Home Starts a Mew
Paper.
The Boys' Training Home has just is
sued the first num ber of a periodical called
Pacific Youth. It is a bright, attractive
paper, cleverly written and well illus
trated.
It is intended that Pacific Youth shall
help to support the home. The paper will
be printed and illustrated by the boys
themselves, and tne little fellows have
opened a photographic gallery in connec
tion with the new enterpriae. All the
work will be done at the home, 407 Taylor
street. Just at the beginning, of course,
professional help hits been called in, to
make the handsome half-tone which
adorns the first pace, and to aid in setting
up the type, but the boys have set to work
witn a will, and they will soon be able to
get out the paper themselves.
Seme of the boys in the home have set
to work to work up routes, and the little
carriers have already been rewarded with
a number of promises of subscriptions.
Pacific Youth costs $1 a year, or 10 cents
for a single copy.
LETTER CARRIERS.
KnthiMinntic Sleeting of the Convention
Association and Important Busi
ness Done.
An enthusiastic meeting of the San
Francisco Letter Carriers' Convention As
sociation was held in Judee Conlan's
Courtroom Monday night, John L. Meares
presiding.
A committee of arrangements consist
ing of thirty-five members was appointed
to make the necessary preparations for
the next annual convention to be held in
this city.
The souvenir committee submitted its
report, which was adopted, and the com
mttee was instructed to closa the contract
for printing the souvenir. It will
embrace portraits of all the Post
masters of the city and members
of the association, " sketches of the
most interesting features of the City, and
a lot of valuable information. It will be a
credit to tbe City in every respect, and
will be a splendid souvenir for citizens to
send to friends at a distance. It has been
got up for the purpose of raising funds
to defray tne heavy expenses that will be
incurred in entertaining the delegates.
Business men are expected to buy large
numbers of the souvenir, as the conven
tion will be one of the best advertisements
lor the City, and to make it a success the
support of the public is necessary.
R. M. Roche, a delegate to the recent
convention in Grand Rapids, Mich., sub
mitted bis report in detail. The delegates
were received right royally by those in
attendance, and the California wines do
nated by wine-dealers did a _great deal
toward helping this City to secure next
year's convention.
YOUTH, KING OF THE FAIR
Fine Entertainments by the
Boys' Brigade and the
Y. M. C. A.
Some Awards Announced— Rev. Anna
Shaw to Lecture — This Is
"Dairymen's Day."
The awards for the greater part of the
exhibits at the Mechanics' Fair were an
nounced last night from the bandstand
by E. A. Denicke, president of the Me
chanics' Institute. As yet some of the
committ -es have not completed their in
spections. All the awards will be an
nounced, however, before the end of the
week.
The Young Men's Christian Association,
and Boys' Brigade and pupils of the even
ing schools were present at the fair in full
force. The athletes of the Christian As
sociation gave a splendid entertainment
on ladders, parallel bars, club-swinging,
tumbling, fancy drills and exercises with
dumbbells.
It was half-past 8 o'clock when the Boys'
Brigade, clad in their black military uni
forms and accompanied by a rattling fife
and drum corps, marched into the Pavil
ion. Four deep they paraded up the mid
dle aisle to the stage in front of the band
stand and then switched off into the side
aisle.
The following committee had charge of
the celebration under the auspices 'of the
Young Men's Christian Association: J.
Kendall, J. H. Brown, Julian Condel,
George K. Klarmann, J. A. Hall, H. J.
Mears and John Gorman.
This will be ''Dairymen's day," and a
special programme baa been prepared.
Thursday evening tna Rev. Anna How
ard Shaw will deliver a lecture on tbe
"Signs of the Times" in the art gallery
of the Pavilion.
CHINO SUGAR BEETS.
j A Display at the Fair Particularly
Worthy of Meritorious
Mention.
1 An exhibition at the fair which has at
tracted considerable attention, and one
that is particularly worthy of special men
tion by the Mechanics' Institute Home
Products Exposition, is the exhibit of the
beet-sugar industry at Chino, inasmuch as
it would appear that this State has en
tered in an intelligent way upon the de
velopment of a great new American in
dustry.
A sale of this famous ranch was recently
effected, and the property belongs now to
a firm of English financiers. The Chino
ranch is located in San Bernardino, Orange
and Los Anceles counties, and comprises
I about 40,000 acres of land. Eastoa, Eld
j riage & Co. completed the negotiations of
1 the sale, which, had been in progress for
i over a year.
In speaking of sugar-beet raising in
! California Wendell Easton, of the iirra of
Easton, Eldridge & Co., who are handling
the sale of the property of the Chino
ranch for the recent purchaser?, had the
following to say:
"While California as a State is remark
ably productive, and while many portions
of the State are suited to the general
agriculturist, the inducements for beet-
raising at Cbino is one of the most attrac
tive and profitable investment proposi
tions in the entire State of California. It
can be demonstrated to the most critical
j that the laud will grow the best speci
| men of beet production in our State, and
these same products can be turned into
money each season."
AN EARLY ROBBER.
j The North End Loan Office Looted of
Valuable Jewelry and
Watches.
One of the most daring robberies com
mitted in some lime was reported at the
Central Police Station yesterday. The
detectives are diligently searching for the
thief or thievet, but so far without suc
cess.
Yesterday morning between the hours
of 5 and 6 o'clock some one shattered the
front window of the North End loan office,
509 Washington street, and succeeded in
getting away with watches and jewelry to
the value of $300. At 5 o'clock an officer
passed by the place, and everything was
then in proper shape. -An hour later he
traversed the same beat, and the robbery
was discovered.
There was blood on the sill and pave
ment, showing that the thief had evidently
b»en severely injured in breaking the
glass, which was a quarter of an inch
thick. The proprietor of the establish
ment was sleeping in one of the rear
rooms, but knew nothing of the affair
until informed by the officer.
Wealthy Chinese Arrive Here.
P. F. Tung and P. Y. Kwai, young and
wealthy Chinamen, wbo have for some time
been traveling and seeing different coun
tries, arrived here last night and are at tae
.Palace. They were arrayed in the costly ear
menw worn by the rich of Cnina.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SJUfTEMBER 30, 1896,
ATTIRED IN GARB
OF ANCIENT DAYS
Knights of the Maccabees
Meet in Annual
Convention.
Local Tents Tender a Brilliant
Reception to the Los An
geles Team.
ITS PICTURESQUE DRILL CORPS
Something About the History of the
Order— Comprises Seventy Tents
in This State.
The Knights of the Maccabees of Cali
fornia met in annual session last night
in Washington Hall on Eddy street, and
will be in session again this evening.
The convention was made up of one
delegate from each tent, as the subordi
nate bodies are designated.
There were 180 delegates when the con-
Officers of the Knights of Maccabees of California.
vention was called to order, and after an
explanation of the ritual adopted last
January nine candidates were initiated
for Mission and Golden West tents by the
visiting degree team from Los Angeles,
the work being performed in a most im
pressive manner.
The new ritual is based upon the his
tory of the order, and it is said to be the
finest and most solemn that has ever been
prepared for any beneficiary organization.
The team, at the conclusion of the exemp
lification of the work, was congratulated
upon the faultless manner in which it was
done.
To-nieht the team will initiate eleven
candidates for San Francisco and Modin
tents.
Monday evening the local tents tendered
a reception in Union-square Hall to the Los
Angeles degree team, which, during the
convention, will exemplify the secret
work of the order. The team is composed
of C. A. Luckenbach, commander; John
Spiers, past commander; C. J. VValter,
lieutenant-commander; Fred Anthony,
priest; T. J. Harris and G. H. Berham,
assistant priests; Dr. R. E. O'Connell, Dr.
G. N. Van Orden, D. J. Buckley, Jamos
Patterson Jr., D. W. Bates and W. W.
Thompson, soldiers, and S. W. Hall and
J. C. Waddington, peasants.
The team appeared in the hall attired
in the costumes that were worn in the
days of the ancient Maccabees. They
were secured at a cost of $800. The team's
appearance was greeted by much applause
from the large number of ladies ana gen
tlemen who filled the ball. An exhibition
drill was given, which was attractive and
impressive. At the close the team was
treated to another round of applause.
After the drill the following programme
was carried out:
Overture, orchestra; welcome address
Charles J. King; response, C. A. Luckenbach;
Bong, Victoria Orr; recitation. Miss N. V Cor
ris; Lady Maccabees, Mrs. H. Cook; mandolin
trio, Mrs. A. Belasco, C. Me loco and F. Rodri
cuez; reading, F. L. Shaw; lancy dance. Miss
N. Lockwooa; barytone solo, William Nelson.
Then followed dancing, which was kept
up until midnight.
The membership of the order on the
31st of last August was 241,000, with tents
to the number of nearly 4450 in thirty
seven States and provinces in North
America.
There are seventy tents in California,
four of wnich, with a membership of nearly
500, all organized since last April, are
located in San Francisco. In the coun
ties in the immediate vicinity of this City
there are twenty-five tents. In the
southern part of the State there is a num
ber of tents, with a membership of 2000.
The tent located farthest north in this
State is the one at Sissons, Si.kiyou
County.
The headquarters of the order is at Port
Huron, Mich. The Maccabees organized
in 1878, and since 1881 have paid deatb and
disability benefits to the amount of
$6,806,720. P. D. Markey is the supreme
comnmnder and N. S. Bozton the supreme
record-keeper.
The order of the Knights of the Mac
cabees is founded on the history and tradi
tione of the Muccaoean dynasty, and it
has for its legend the exploits of Judas
Maccabeus, who ranks in ancient nistory
as one of the ablest military leaders. In
1878 a few gentlemen in London, Ont.,
familiar with the history of the ancient
Maccabees, conceived the ida of organic
ine a fraternal and beneficiary society
founded upon traditions of that band of
warriors, and it started out with the pur
pose or caring for the widows and orphans
of members. The order spread from
Canada to the United States, and grew
rapidly, and in 1881, competent business
men took hold and put it on a firmer
basis. It has been increasing healthily
and steadily ever since.
There is connected with this order an
auxiliary branch known as the Ladies of
tbe Maccabees, to which ladies only are
entitled to membership, and it is the only
order that is managed exclusively by
ladies.
TO AMUSE CHINESE
Scheme to Convert the Bella Union
Theater Into a Chinese
Playhouse.
The old Bella Union Theater on Kearny
street, near Vv'ashington, has been leased
for five years to a Chinese syndicate,
which will convert the old building into a
Chinese theater.
The work of conversion will at once be
proceeded with. It is the intention of the
managers to cater to American patronage
as well as to Chinese. The place will be
remodeled in accordance with the require
ments of the modern Chinese drama. It
is intended to give Americans the best
plays procurable in China, and an aug
mented orchestra will furnish the latest
and best compositions of the Chinese com
posers.
ASSAULT TO MURDER.
Joseph Kllollne Held to Answer Before
the Superior Conn.
The preliminary examination of Joseph
Kilcline, an ex-member of the Fire De
partment, on ttie charge of assault to com
mit murder, was held before Judge Conlan
yesterday.
The evidence showed what has already
been published. Kilcline, who had been
separated from bis wife, Eliza, met her on
the afternoon of August 31 in the house,
311 Jessie street. They had «ome words
and Kilcline pulled a revolver out of his
pocket and fired four shots at her, thr.ee of
them taking effect. It was thought at first
that she would die, but she gradually re
covered and was able to appear in court
yesterday and give her evidence.
The Judge held Kilrline to answer be
fore tbe Superior Court and fixed his
bonds at $3000.
GONE INTO INSOLVENCY,
Failure of the San Francisco
Furniture Manufacturing
Company.
A. J. Meadows Appointed Receiver
by the Superior Court— Assets
Exceed Liabilities.
The creditors of the San Francisco Fur
niture Manufacturing Company, one of
the heaviest concerns of the kind in San
Francisco, petitioned tne Superior Court
yesterday to have the company declared
insolvent, and the petition was granted,
A. J. Meadows being appointed receiver
pending the placing of the affairs of the
concern in the hands of an assignee.
Meadows repres 'nts some of the heaviest
creditors and filed the petition with the
County Clerk yesterday afternoon.
The liabilities of the company are placed
at $19,000, with assets at more than that
figure.
The neariest creditors are the Vermont
Marble Company, the Harrison-Jones and
Humboldt JLumber companies, Banborn,
Vail & Co., Whittier, Fuller & Co. and W
and J. Sloane & Co.
The assets consist of: Machinery
$13,000; stock, $11,000; goods ready for de
livery. $1500; unfinished contracts, $10,
-uuu*
The cause of the failure is understood to
be inability to collect on contracts and
litigation m which a large amount of
money is tied up. The creditors are per
fectly willing to have the business carried
on, believing that the firm can be put on a
safe footinjr, and pending the settlement
ol the affairs of the concern the receiver
and assignee will keep the factory in full
operation.
Receiver Meadows put up a $15,000 bond
yesterday to carry on the business. He
expects to pay 100 cen»s on the dollar.
GRACE'S NEW PASTOR.
BeT. J. N. Beard Will Succeed the
late Rev. M. F. Colburn.
Rev. J. N. Beard has been appointed to
succeed the late Rev. M. F. Col burn as
pastor of Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church. The selection of Rev. Mr. Col
burn's successor was left in the bands of
Bishop Cyrus D. Foss of Los Aneeles,
president of the California Conference,
and he notified Rev. John Coyle, presid
ing elder of the San Francisco District,
yesterday of the selection he had made.
Key. Mr. Beard was for many years
pre.identof the University of the Pacific
and of the Methodist College at Napa. He
was about to accept a pastorate in Ban
Jose when be was assigned to Grace
Church.
Ixuns on watches, jewelry, silverware, M Uncle
Harris', 16 Grant avenua. ■*: . . . ; r. .
SOCIALIST LABOR
PARTY'S TICKET
A Complete List of Candi
dates Has Been Se
lected.
Signatures Forwarded to the Sec
retary of State for a
Place,
OLIVER EVERETT FOR MAYOR.
Several Women Will Endeavor to
Secure Places in the Board
of Education.
The Socialists will have a full ticket in
the field at the next election, Presiden
tial, State and municipal. The State ex
ecutive committee of the Socialist Labor
party has forwarded to the Secretary of
State at Sacramento 14.300 signatures of
those who want the Socialisms' candidates'
names placed on the State ticket, although
about 8500 names were all that was neces
sary. The Socialists expect to forward be
fore the Ist enough to double the latter
figure.
The committee also filed yesterday with
the County Clerk and Registrar of elec
tion of this City 4560 signatures of those
who ask that the Socialists' candidates be
placed on tne municipal ticket, although
only about 2200 names were necessary.
The request was at once trained.
The ticket as It stands contains the
names of men taken from all classes of
citizens, professional and laboring men,
without regard to riches or poverty. The
ticitetas completed stands as follows:
For President, Charles H. Matchett of New
York; for Vice-President, Matthew Maguire of
New Jersey.
State ticket. Presidential Electors — Emil
Liess, 8&n Francisco; L. D. Biddle, Lo« An
geles. Conirressmeu— Third District, John H.
Eustice, Oakland ; Fourth District, E. T. Kings
ley, San Francisco; Fifih District, Henry Dan
ial, Sau Jose; Sixth District, Job Harrimau,
Los Angeles. Senator, Twenty-seventh District,
John W. Latiiuer, Oakland.
Assemblymen — Twenty - eighth District,
Henry Blumer, San Francisco; Twenty-ninth,
John Cook, Ban Francisco; Thirtieth, H. Fla
shaar, San Franclßco; Thirty-nrst, August
Schuler, San Francisco; Thirty-second. C. H.
Baker, San Francisco: Thirty-third, George Asp
den, San Francisco; Thirty-fourth, F. C. Mose
bach, San Francisco; Forty-second, C. Stuben
rauch, San Francisco; Forty-third, F. Schinkel,
San Francisco; Forf-seventh, Louis Graf,
Fruitvnle; Forty-eighth, Fred F. Veirs, Oak
land; Forty-ninth, James J. McCloskey, Oak
land; Fiftieth, CarlL. Fosbenr, Oakland; Filty
flrst, James Andrew, Berkeley.
San Francisco municipal ticket— For Mayor.
Oliver Everett; Superintendent of Streets,
Aug. Muller; Police Judge Court 2, H. War
necke Sr.; police Judge Court 3, P. Silver
stein; Police Judge Court 4, William E.
Costley.
Supervisors— First Ward, G. A. Peterson;
Second, A. J. Sivell; Thira, Alfred Grimes;
Fourth, Carl Prazak; Sixth, W. P. Baruth; Sev
enth, F. Schjller; Eighth, R. A. Copeland;
Ninth, H. Warnecite Jr.; Tenth, H. F
Sahlender; Eleventh, Dr. E. A. Bohm; Twelfth,
E. Hoffman.
School Directors— Mrs. C. Hecht, Miss Jane
A. Roulston, A. Conti, Miss J. Bejtuhl, Miss A.
Strunsky, Paul Groukau. W. Lewis. D. A.
Bean, Sidney Arnier.
Oliver Everett, who heads the local
ticket, is an architect at 126 Kearny street.
August Muller, who wants to look after
the public streets, is a cabinet-maker. Tha
two Warneckes whose names appear
among the candidates are father ana son.
Mrs. L. Hecht is an enthusiastic Socialist,
ami at the last election she polled more
than half of the party vote. The candi
dates of the Fourth, Fifth and Sixtn Con
gressional districts nave secured more
than a sufficient number of signatures to
have their names placed on the ticket.
The same may be said of the candidates
of the Assembly districts, not over two or
three being behind in this respect.
Statistical authorities state that in the
United States this year fully 98,000 Social
ist votes wiil be polled. There will be
twenty tickets in the field in as many
States, whereas in 1892 there were only
seven States where they had out tickets.
The Socialists beiieve that they will poll
over 197.000 votes in this election in the
United States.
At an early hour yesterday morning th«
State executive committee flung to the
breeze across Market street, near Fifth, a
beautiful Socialist banner, with the pic
tures of C. H. Matchett and M. Maguir*
painted thereon. Between the two is the
Socialists' emblem— the mechanic's arm
and uplifted hammer.
AT THE DIRECTORY FAIR
The Second Week Promises Bet
ter Times Than the
First.
A Game of Baseball to Be Played
Next Sunday for Charity's
Sake.
The Youths' Directory fair is proceed
ing upon its second week with every pros
pect of as good if not better success than
that which marked the first seven days
among the booths.
Several new attractions have been added
to the booths, and the crowds seem to
increase daily. Every one with anything
to sell reports brisk trade, and when the
fair closes there will not be much that is
salable which will be left unsold.
In the St. Anne booth last evening the
ladies gave an entertainment for which
the following programme had been pre
pared :
Vocal solo, Miss M. O'Sullivan; violin
solo, Senor Jose Andonegue; comic selec
tions, W. J. Hynes; harp solo. Miss M. L.
Kimball; song, Miss K. Black; fan dance
by May O'Shaughnessy, May Pfifer, Lucy
Henry and Tryphena Pritcbard.
Next Sunday, October 4, the Imperials
and the San Franciscos. the two leaders of
the California League in ttie race for the
pennant, will play a regular schedule
game, the proceed, to go to the Youths'
Directory. The manager of the grounds
at Sixteenth and Folsom streets, A. 8.
Blake, has kindly lent them for the occa
sion. The price of admission is 25 cents,
and at this game only ladies will be
charged admission. Following is the bat
ting list of each team:
San Franciscos— F. Monahsn, second
base; H. Krug, shortstop; M. Murphy
first base; P. Sweeney, third base; J. W.
Leonard, right field; Beckett, center field;
J. McCarthy, leit field; J. W. Leonard,
manager.
Imperials— E. Bmith, third base: J.
Eber, center field; H. Wilds, fir.t base; T.
Kelly, pitcher; C. Ward, catcher; M.
Muller, left field ; S. Magee, right field; C.
Till man, shortstop; D. Creamer, second
bise; W. Long, extra; J. Roberts, man
ager.
To Open the College.
To-morrow night at 8 o'clock Rev. E. R.
Dille, D.D., will deliver the opening address
before the Evening College Department of the
Young Men's Christian Association, at their
building, Mason and Ellis streets. All mem
bers of the association, together with their
gentlemen friends, are invited to be present.
The following studies will be conducted each
week and tuition will be free to members of
the assaciotion: Bookkeecing and mathe
matics, L. M. Shuck, teacher; elocution, Miss
Emily Curtis; stenography, Miss Phillips;
mechanical and free-hand drawing, A. F.
Allen; German, R. Homer; Spanish, Miss Sal
cido; German literature, R. Homer; Latin;
vocal music, D. M. Lawrence ; commercial law,
William Craig; university extension course
by M. S. Cross, |dean University of the Pacific.
THE WEST-ENDERS.
An Enthusiastic Meeting, Resolu
tions and Indorsements.
The West End Republican Club of the
Thirty-seventh District held an enthusi
astic meeting in Terminal Hall last even
ing, Ben I. Salomon, the president, pre
siding. During the meeting a delegation
from the Park Panhandle Club visited the
West-Enders and was cordially received.
The speakers of the evening were: Judge
John R. Aitken, candidate for City and
County Attorney; E. I. Wolfe, candidate
for Senator from the Twenty-first Dis
trict; Carroll Cook, candidate for Superior
Judge; George Roe, General E. 3. Salo
mon, Lyman Mowry. C. O. Burton and
W. M. Stern. A proposition to hold an
other big mass-meeting at the Chutes was
referred to the executive committee.
The following resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That this club, recognizing the
convention that was duly called by the proper
authority in the duly constituted County Com
mittee that met in the Auditorium and was
presidedover by tfte Hon. Thomas D. Riordan
was the regular Republican Municipal Con
vention, we do hereby indorse and agree to
support the nominees of that convention, and
use our best efforts to secure their election.
Eetolved, That we do also indorse the nomi
nees of the Twenty-first Senatorial District and
the Thirty-seventh Assembly District, in B. 1.
Wolfe and George A. Wentworth.
Public Meeting: To-Nlght.
There will be a Republican mass-meet-
Ine held tbis evening at the headquarters
of the McKinley and Hobart Club. 1940
Market street, when prominent speakers
will discuss the principal issues of the day.
All citizens are cordially invited to attend.
Campbell to Speak.
J. C. Campbell, the gifted orator wlio
has made many effective speeches in the
Republican cause in lormer Presidential
campaigns, has promised to address the
Phoenix Club at Scottish Hall to-morrow
evening.
Insane From Drink.
Amelia Bergin, who lives at Eighth and
Harrison streets,, was arrested early Sunday
morning by Policeman McCormick at Sixth
and Howard streets. Bhe was considerably
under the influence of liquor and on Monday
she was ln a state of delirium tremens. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and yes
terday the Insanity Commissioners sent her to
the Napa Asylum, as drink had driven her
Insane.
Sudden Death at Xapa.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 29.— William Wil
iams, while driving down Main street last
night, met another vehicle and turned to
the left instead of to the right. The re
sult was a collision. Williams was thrown
out, but was apparently not much hurt.
He died suddenly to-day from the injuries
he had received.
Acquitted at Son or a.
80N0RA, Cal., Sept 29.— Otis Green
wood, who shot at and slightly wounded
Postmaster Hughes here several weeks
ago. was tried in the Superior Court here
to-day. The case was a short one. The
jury, after being out but a half-hour, re
turned a verdict of acquittal.
NEW TO-DAT
Are You Sick?
If Not, but Still Have Troubles Which May Lead to
Sickness, You Will Find Your Complaint Among
Those Cured by This Famous Remedy.
Electricity flows in- #/p^ The current can be
to the body for hours MIP^S. "gutted to any
at a time from this *f J> ifS *™ wer desire d while
life-giving appliance. body 8611 is on the
DO YOU FEEL LIKE THIS?
Ton are not sick, but yon haw. not the name vitality that you had a few year's
ago. Ton are more easily tired ; don't get the same refreshment from your sieen
and feel dull and Blnggish in the middle of the day. These are symptoms of
wasted nerve power, the result* of excesses or early indiscretions, and the animal
life infused into the nerves by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will restore to you the
vital force and energy that has been lost you ttx *
"I feel like a new man since I started to use your Belt. I think in a month mt™t »m v
Uintahf CSV- 1 d ° DOt think tbat - 1 Deed "' '«^i^W"^£w.-28jfflS
You feel a dull, tired sensation between the hips In the back and cannot stand
long without a dragging weight at your loins ; .when you bend over there Is a dull
pain or .tilWs. as you arise. It i. a weakness of the muscles which center at the
spine, and can be cured in two or three weeks by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
There I. a pain running from the outside of your hip down the back ofyourle*
toward your knee. It is often sharp and Dierci.ig. but sometimes a dull stead y
acbe, and hurts when yon take a long step. It is Sciatica; nd Dr. Sanden'» Xi«/
trie Belt has cured hundreds who were similarly afflicted. »»nden s Klec-
"l suffered so with neuralgia of the hips that I was unable to turn OWf in ™^ k^ -«hout
putting my hand under my hip and lifting myself over a little at a time Wirw? d Wltho "*
Belt I found immediate relief. I have worn your Belt seven tvVirrtVSSvJJ th ? l i Be of your
man who never knew what afflictions were I feel i .my^duty to s?aner ?1 D ™l l L ee /- like a
your Belt to every sufferer," writes Charles M. Lantz, Honcut, Cal. recommendations of
Ton. feel uncomfortable after eating, have a heavy, bloated f««llw,- * *i.
of the stomach, get sleepy and lazy, and perhap^ "s^ Reeling at the pit
digestion, and the stomach is not able to aoit/workE.ecr^/ 0^- ItJ- '""
dally for hour, at a time will stimulate the welkened fnnoH T j Vea lnt ° "
healthy work. Dr. Sanden's Belt will supply tJe cure. fanCtion and "new.it.
"After suffering with dyspepsia for fifteen years nnr« t™i« '« L, „ <-' : '•
doctors without relief. I thought I would try one of your BeUslwn, k ? d * ? f medicine and
surprised at the results. The effect was wonderful, trouble On x l", directed and was
know that I have a stomach, hardly, it acts so well. I VllfchlS** 11 entlrel y left me, and I
to any one," writes M. S. Craner of 417 South ast street^ Tacoma, f w^ n r . eCOmmend your Belt
There are swollen blue veins in any part of th« h«*,,
sometimes being a feature of private weakness th « body, causing a dull pain and
blood is made to circulate by Dr. .Sanden's Metric LTt^Xch' and the B , ta B nant
If your nerves are weak, your back lame ™, if,"i ' whlch wIU cur « it.
have rheumatism, torpid liver, weal TstomaV weak'tuT °1* ° f "'^ ' If you
sleeplessness, or any of the mauy result, of cL r £? ltal Part8 ' loss of memory,
tlon, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, which i»f UBel * I ™«**** or unnatural d1..1p.-
-el«ctrical lore., will make you sound and weA At * he bcdy he " f ° born of
that it should be unnecessary to srive fnJTiT ■ . CUred so many thousand*
book. .'Three Classes of Men^' which Uk" SSK*^ »*' S « *«»'» famou.
give. th« names of hundred, of prominent ™ I bT' Be led ' on application,
else failed. G«t it. Address P romln ent men who have been cured after all
UOb ANGELES, CAU , *' **" Sunda l ° *» I.
| M* Booth Broadway, . 1 UTLAN O. or.
. • y ; 253 Waaalnston stro^
McKINLEY CLUBS BUSY,
National Leaguers Are in Line
to Aid the Central Com
mittee.
A Permanent Organization Made Last
Night and Important Work
Planned.
There was an enthusiastic and well
attended meeting of the delegates to the
National League at Pioneer Hall last night.
The purposes of the meeting— to form a
permanent organization and appoint vital
committees to co-operate with the State
Central Committee — were accomplished
without hitch or delay. George E. Morse
was elected permanent chairman after
the meeting was called to order by E. M.
Galvin, and the following delegates were
seated :
Robert Lee and Z. U. Dodge, Ingleslde Clnb;
A. L. Dennis, Colored McKinloy Club; T. W.
Collins, J. P. Kincaid, E. J. Casey, R. W. Rob
erts, Bear Club; H. C. Droger, German-Ameri
can Republican Club; Mart Lane, Republican
Plumed Knights; Vaughn Morgan, Fremont
Club; E. M. Galvin, Garfleld Republican
League; James T. Bonefleld, Howard Club;
11. Benjamin, Thirtieth District Club; R. W.
McCann and T. W. Reed, Lincoln Club; James
Steele, Soldiers' and Sailors' Club; George K.
Morse, National Republican League; G. W.
Cohen, A. de la Torre Jr., H. Aiferity, S. L.
Whitney, Spanish-American League.
A. de la Torre Jr. was elected secretary
ana T. H. Rush assistant for the perma
nent organization.
The following were appointed a com
mittee to confer with the State Central
Committee with reference to parade and
other campaign matters:
Robert Lee, A. L. Dennis, W. L. Loudersom,
T. W. Collins. J. P. Kincaid, E. J. Casey, P. \V.
Roberts, H. C. Droger, Mark Lane, M. C. Cabe,
Vaughn Morgan, R. R. McKeown. J. J. Coffey,
Martin Murry, Frank Worth, William Burner,
John Gleason, M. Ellich, V. B. Rowley and s.
J. Thlesen.
■ After this the league adjourned and the
foregoing committee nominated the fol
lowing sub-committee to confer with the
State Central Committee on Tuesday with
reference to parade and campaign matters
in general: Z. D. Dodge and Messrs.
Coffey, Rowley, Galvin, Tyson and Col
lins. ■
The chairman will issue s call to all of
tne clubs that were not present to send
delegates next Tuesday to aid in prepara
tions for the parade convention.
An interesting feature of the proceed
ings was the participation of the arnbi
! tious women of the league, who held a
j concurrent session in the committee-room
{ last night. Their session was called to
order by Mrs. Emily Spencer, who at once
I appointed the following executive commit
tee: Mrs. .N. J. Vidaver, Mrs. Nellie Hol
brook Blinn, Mrs. E. Howey, Mrs. Dr.
Nobie, Miss J. M» Bailey, Mrs. L. Duhem
and Miss M. Jameson.
It was decided that the women of the
league will attend the Mechanics' Fair as
J a body on suffrage night. The secretary
of the league will notify the Republican
women of San Francisco to co-operate,
and to meet at Pioneer hall on October 8,
at which time Mrs. Blinn will deliver an
address.
Mrs. Vidaver of the society has under
taken the task of convincing her co
laborer, Miss Mnud Jameson, that women
should vote. Though an active, spirited
and impressive leader, Miss Jameson re
fuses to espouse the cause of woman's
rights. JL debate between her and Mrs.
Vidaver is among the probabilities of the
I near future.HON. N. H. BURNHAM, HON. J. T. DARE, HON. E. J. WOLFE, HON. M. J. WELCH, HON. T. W. CHANDLER,
Seventeenth Senatorial District. Nineteenth Senatorial District. Twenty-First Senatorial District. Twenty-Third Senatorial District. Twenty-Fifth Senatorial District
SAN FRANCISCO'S
STATE SENATORS
New Material for the Upper
1 House of the Legis
lature.
Men Who Will Assist to Frame
laws ior the People of
California.
REWARDED FOR THEIR MERIT.
Wiil Have the Honor of EiectiDg Two
United States Senators Dur
ing Their Term-
The Republican municipal convention,
which has just adjourned, has, in connec
tion with its excellent selection of citizens
who have been nominated for the various
offices, placed Defore the voters of the five
Senatorial districts the nam>esof nominees
for whom every voter in the district can
conscientiously Tote. Each, and every
man is in every, way well fitted for the
honorable position to which his fellow
citizens have called him. Following is a
brief account of the five nominees:
Hun. .John T. Dare.
The Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth As
sembly .districts, comprising the Nine
teenth Senatorial district, which covers
that extensine territory of the San Bruno
and South San Francisco section to the
county line of San Mateo, will be repre
sented in the Senate by the Hon. John T.
Bare. W ,
It would be a work of supererogation to
laud the many excellent traits of character
possessed by this gentleman, together with -
his fitness ior the high honor to which bis
fellow-citizens have called him, so well 1
known is he, not only in the district whif h
he will represent, but to the people of this
City in general.
John T. Dare is one of San Francisco's
self-made men. By hard study he suc
ceeded in acquiring such a knowledge of
law as to be admitted to the bar by the
| Supreme Court of this State. Since that
time he has successfully followed tne prac
tice of his profession.
Shortly after being admitted to the bar
he was appointed by the then District
Attorney, j. N. E. Wilson, as his first
'assistant, when he was recognized lor his
wonderful ability as a criminal prosecutor.
At the present time he is Prosecuting At
torney in Police Court 3, wheie.be has
given general satisfaction to the public.
As a public speaker he ranks high for
his oratorical ability. This qualification
has been the means of his engagement by
the Republican State Central Committee
during the campaign, -when public
speakers are sent forth to elucidate the
principles of the party in interior towns.'
With such gifts at its disposal San Fran
cisco will have a Senator from the Nine
teenth District that she will be proud to
acknowledge as one of her citizen:.
X. 11. Burnham. ,
The next State Senator from the Seven
teenth ' Senatorial District, which com
prises the Twenty-eighth and Twenty
ninth Assembly districts, will be N. H.
Burnbam. Mr. Burnbam is well and fa
vorably known in the district for which he
has received the nomination.
He was born October 5, 1851, and re
sides at 305 Fremont street. He came to
California in the year 1870 from Hartford,
Conn., where his parents were born, being
a scion of good old Connecticut stock. ' He
has resided in the district which he will
represent since 1870, and has been a Re
publican all nis life. He is a working
man, wharf-builder by trade, comes from
a workinKHieu's district, and is a man of
family.
During the past six years he has.been
engaged in the office of the State Harbor
Commissioners, and besides representing
the industrious and hard working com
munity in which he lives and whose inter
est be will represent in the State Senate,
he has a thorough knowledge of the wants
of the people of San Francisco. Coming
from one of the oldest American families
in the State of Connecticut he is Ameri
can enough for the most patriotic son of a
Revolutionary sire. Consequently he will
go into the Senate without being called
noon to explain when he became a nat
uralized citizen.
91. <(. Welch Jr.
The State Senator who will represent
the Twenty-third Senatorial District, com
prising the Thirty-first and Thirty-ninth
Assembly districts, will be M. J. Welch
Jr. He is a young man who has resided
in that district for the past ten years and
who has no apologies to offer lor the
political faith that is in him.
M. J. Welch Jr. first saw the light of day
in Springfield. Mass., thirty years ago, In
which place he spent his younger days
and until he arrived at the age of 14 years.
At the age of 13 years this young man
alter going through the regular routine of
the public State schools of Springfield
graduated from the grammar class and
with his mother started for California to :
join his father, who was engaged in mining
in this State. R^^P9HSKpi
On his arrival in San Francisco he
entered the St. Joseph College on Tenth
and Howard streets, where he studied
under Professor W. J. G. Williams. This
course finished his studies, which so well
fitted him for his battle in life. -
He at once entered the service of the
Gould railroad branch on this coast, and
so well adapted was he for the service
that he was advanced from one position to
.•mother of trust and responsibility, serv
ing as ticket, freight, traffic and passenger
agent through a number of years, and in
each and all positions giving entire satis
faction to liis employers.
In politics he has at all times espoused
the cause of the Republican party and has
been an active worker in the ranks oi the 1
banner Thirty-ninth Assembly District
Club for years.
In his capacity as a State Senator the
people, not only of his district but of San
Francisco, will have no apologies to offer
for their representative.
Edvrard I. Wolfe.
The Twenty-first DLtrlct, which com
prises the Thirty-seventh and Thirty
eighth Assembly districts, will De repre
sented in the Senate by that bright young
lawyer and orator, Edward 1. Wolfe, who
is well known not only in the district
which he will represent, but all over the
City.
Edward I. Wolfe was born in Hull,
England, and twenty-two years ago came
to San Francisco, where he has since re
sided. He is a graduate of the High
School of this City, and for nineteen years
resided in the Twenty-first Senatorial Dis
trict. For eight years he was in the em
ploy of P. B. Cornwall, president of the
Black Diamond Coal Company. In 1886
he was a candidate for the State Senate on
the Republican ticket. It was the year ot
the Democratic tidal wave, and with the
rest was defeated, but in the district be
received the largest vote ever cast for a
Republican candidate. W. J. RudJick,
who was the only Republican City offi
cial, appointed him clerk of the probate
department of the Superior Court. After
that he served two years under Sheriff
Laumeister, having charge of the real
estate department. Then he was appointed
secretary of the City Hall Commissioners
remaining in that capacity until he formed
a law partnership " with Meyer Jacobs
under the name of "Wolfe & Jacobs.
Mr. Wolfe is quite prominent in fra
te.nal circles, lie is president of the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
B'nai B'rith; he is supreme representative
of the Order of Chosen Friends, supreme
representative of the Foresteis of America
and member of the committee on laws of
the Grand Lodge of the Knights of Pythias,
of whicii committee Lieutenam-Governor
Jeter is a member.
Thomas IV. Chandler.
The Twenty -fifth Senatorial District,
comprising the Forty-fourth and Forty
fifth Assembly districts, will be repre
sented in the State fcenate by one of the
native sons of the district.
Thomas \V. Chandler does not have to
leave the district wiiich he x represents for
sponsors. He was born in the midst of
bis own people thirty-three years ago and
resided right among his constituents dur
ing those many years. Consequently
there is no necessity to inform the voters
of the Twenty-fourth Senatorial District
who their Senator is.
Largeof physique and generous of heart,
he is popular along the water front, where
he is known and respected. Having been
engaged as a shipping master for a num
ber 01 years he stands well witn the com
mercial community.
The Republican nominee for this office
was educated in the public schools of ban
Francisco, and in ali the grades which he
went through his standard was always of
the highest order.
During the four years of Sheriff Lau
meiater's administration Mr. Chandler
held the position of bookkeeper, a place
which requiies a clear head and consider
able ability to successfully fill.
Besides being a native son of San Fran
cisco he has native sons and daughters,
who will in time become wortuy citizens
of this commonwealth.
Mr. Chandler is a member of the Repub
lican County Committee which position
he has held during the past six years, rep
resenting his district with cure aud intel
ligence for the ,good or the party. His
present promotion is made by his fellow
Republicans on the ground ot ability and
an a reward' for his faithfulness to their
interests.
DELINQUENT COLLECTOR
Officers Outside of San Francisco
Who Failed to Perform
a Duty.
Governor Budd Wants to Know Why
Tax-Takers Have Not Levied on
Certificate Transfers.
Governor 15udd 13 going after the Tax
Collectors of the counties outside of San
Francisco, and intends to ascertain why
they have neglected to perform a duty im
posed upon them by law.
"The neglect." said the Governor, "is a
failure to collect a tax of 10 cents on each
transfer of a certificate of mining stock in
this Stute. The money collected goes into
a fund for the maintenance ot the Califor
nia State Mining Bureau. Mr. Crawford,
the State Mineralogist, called ruy atten
tion to the fact a few days since, and I re
ferred him to the Attorney-General, and 1
understand the tew requiring the collec
tion has never been repealed."
"It is only in San Francisco that the tax
on transfers of certificates of ruining shares
has been collected," said Henry S. Dur
den, secreiary of the board of trustees of
the California State Mining Bureau.
"That tax lias been a yearly revenue to
the bureau of from $4500 to ?50tK), while
from the other counties the aggregate of
the revenue has been bui $20 in sixteen
years.
"Thiadepartment has written repeatedly
to the Tax Collectors of the several counties
and every one of them has ignored the
matter except the San Francisco Collector.
1 am satisfied that that neglect has been
kd annual loss to this department of
$1000. I understand that the reaaoii that
the interior people have reiusecl to attend
to this matter is thai they claim that there
is no penalty in the law tit failure to col
lect the tax. But it seems to me that this
law is as mandatory as any other, and
now that the Governor has taken hold of
the matter he will make them understand
that there is a penalty in case they fail to
perform a duty required by law.
"It is a reniarkabie lact," continued the
secretary, "that most of tlie tax is col
lected from certificates to mining com
panies located on the Comstock, in Ne
vada."
•—• — # — •
For Sound Money.
Employes of the local : freight office of the
Southern Pacific met on Monday and organ
ized a sound-money league. The following
officers presided: Chairman, A. J. Kastern;
secretary, H. R. Hicks. " About flity of the em
ployes signed the rolL ■- •
• — ■• — »
Loans on diamonds. lmeresC low. At Uncle
Barris'i 16 tJiuuiaveuue. v'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
MISS VIRGINIA
WAS PROTECTED
Not Allowed to Answer
Questions About Sena
tor Fair.
In Gcod Humor and a Chic
Gown, but Her Attor*
neys Ruled.
ENJOYED THE LEGAL TILTS.
In the Main the Young Heiress Cor
roborated Her Sister's Deposition
of Ihe Previous Day.
Miss Virginia Fair, looking as blithe
and lissome and glad as a debutante,
dressed In a picturesque suit of gray,
topped with a "picture hat" with sweep
ing black feathers, added a small volume
MISS VIRGINIA FAIR as She Appeared While Giving Her
Testimony Yesterday.
to the literature of the Fair litigation yes
terday.
Under the stress of many questions and
smajl ventilation in the offices of Notary
Phillips the lady, when the afternoon was I
growing old, took oft her gray jacket and |
revealed a very chic waist of light blue
trimmed with white lace and black rib
bons. Despite her illness of the day be
fore, she was in the very best of humor
and treated the wrangling of the attorneys
over their abstruse technicalities as a
thing to be thoroughly enjoyed.
Her sister, Mrs. Oelrichs, was present
during the entire day and was also much
interested in the proceedings, although |
they developed nothing of moment. Srfe
introduced a costume that has been seen
only once during her long series of ap
pearances in the long series of cases and
depositions.
Miss Fair's depositions yesterday. were
given in the twin suits in ejectment brought
by Mrs. Craven under her deeds for the
Mission aud the Pin« street properties.
Wnat she said was very much what Mrs.
Oeirichs had Mid the day before and a
repetition of what she herself had said in
previous depositions. She remembered
that her father bad said to tier also that
he was not married and that he never in
tended to marry, because of his children—
that he wished all his estate to go to
them.
The inquiry was conducted by F. 8.
Brit tain in the absence of Mr. Delmas, the
latter beine still engaged at San Jose.
In the afternoon W. W. Foote came to
Mr. Brittain's support and a stipulation
was entered into by which the deposition
in the case of Craven against Fair might
be used in the case of Craven against
Oelrichs, the contention being identical in
each case, except that one is for the Mis
sion and the other the Sausome street
property.
The feature of the day's proceedings was
the stand taken by the attorneys for the
sisters. They began objecting early in
the day and kept it up, instructing- the
witness not to answer "on advice of coun
sel," and the witness followed the advice
to the letter in each instance and refused
to answer "on advice of counsel." . .
This was carried to such length- that
Brittain asked, finally: "Will you answer
any more questions having ,a f proper
relevancy to this issue?"
The witness was advised not 1 to answer
on advice of counsel — "and as it implied
the necessity, of the witness to judge of the
relevancy of whatever questions might be
asked." >.
Brittain then asked if she was willing to
go on with her deposition.
The witness looked inquiringly at Mr.
Lloyd and Mr. Wheeler. They made no
sign in this last extremity, aud sue, laugn
ing, said she "didn't know what to say."
» Lloyd then gave the cue by declaring
that they were willing that the witness
should answer any questions proper to the
issue when put, but that they were op
posed to any further "fishing excursion"
in this matter.
Brittain then said he had finished. Mr.
Foote asked leave to put a few questions,
saying he thought he could get along with
the witness all ritrht. He was allowed to
ask two or three questions that had already
been asked, but the moment he began to
touch upon the reasons why Miss Fair had
changed her mind about the pencil will
and if she had not acted upon counsel's
advice, objection followed objection and
he, too, was compelled to give it up. ->^
Miss Fair, in answer to Brittain's ques
tions, bad said th.it she had examined the
photographic cooies of the deed for the
Sansome-street property and it apoeared
to her tnat the body of the instrument
was written by her father.
Then Brittain askea if she had examined
it with a view of comparing the writing in
the body of the document with that of the
signature.
She said she had examined both and it
looked like her father's writing.
Here Wheeler made a demand that the
document be produced before they would
go on witn the cross-examination.
Brittain said the paper was not in their
keeping and they could not produce it at
that time. They would produce it at a
proper time.
"We want it now or at the time we
begin cross-examination. Will the coun
sel tell us what he thinks is a proper
tirae?"
"This proceeding is for the taking of the
deposition of the witness and not for giv
ing legal opinions," said Brittain.
"In other words, we can't and won't
produce it at this time," said Foote,
sharply.
"Then we refuse to go on with the
cross-examination at this time," said
Wheeler.
From that point on the objections fol
lowed fast and faster to the questions put.
JNJiss Fair will read and sign her deposi
j tion this morning.
NO RELIEF AT LAW.
Orange County Must Look for Re
imbursement to the Legisla
ture of the State.
in Department 1 of the Supreme Court
a decision was rendered on Monday affirm
ing tne judgment of the lower tribunal in
tue case of Orange County against Los An
geles County.
The action was brought to recover
$1903 70, alleged to be Orange County's
proportion of $19,032 43 received from the
State as repayment of money expended by
Los Angeles County in aiding indigent old
persons (luring tne interval between tne
30th of June, 1883, and the 11th of March,
When Orange County was created
in 1S>!) a commission was appointed to ad
just the respective liabilities of the two
counties. This commission made s. care
ful investigation into the financial status
of the case, but omitted to note the State
aid due and owing to Los Angeles for the
care of the aged poor.
Orange County claimed a little over a
tentn of the amount as its share. This
claim was disallowed by the Los Angeles
Supervisors, and Orange County brought
the matter into court.
While recognizing the justice of the
claim, the Supreme Court says:
"Where a county is divided, the rule for
the division and apportionment of the
debts and property between such county
and detached territory belongs exclusively
to the Legislature and not to the courts.
In performing their duties the Commis
sioners doubtless intended to make the
division a3 required; and if they failed to
do so, the failure arose through mistake.
The mistake was one, however, which in
our opinion can be corrected by legisla
tive action only, and not by the courts.
The courts are without authority to ad
just matters of this character between
counties."
New Mitria Kip Orphanage.
The public is cordially invited to attend the
laying of the cornerstone of the Maria Kip
Orphanage, corner of Lake street and Seventh
avenue, . Sunday afternoon, October 4, at 3
o'clock. The ceremony promises to be un
usually impressive and interesting, for in ad*
dition to the Bishop and many of the clergy
of this diocese, several BishpDS from neigh
boring dioceses are to be present. ■ The service
will be entirely choral, ana the music will be
led by the choir of Grace Church. Cars of the
Sacramento street, California-street and Sutro
lines run within a short distance vi ta« lot.
BRODERICK HAS
REFUSED TO SIGN
No Money for Many City
Employes This
Month.
The Municipal Government
Said to Be in Serious
Danger.
TO BE TAKEN TO THE COURTS.
Mandamus Proceedings Will Be
B gun Against the Auditor
To-Day.
"With the first of thb month and accom
panying collection day staring them in the
face, the deputies in the offices of the
Sheriff, County Clerk, Coroner, District
Attorney, Assessor and Recorder are on
the horns of a dilemma, for Auditor Brod
erick has decided that their warrants are
not to be signed, because he is uncertain
as to the meaning of certain clauses of the
county government act.
A representative of the Sheriff's office
called at the Auditor's office yesterday to
make a formal demand for the warrants of
his department, tiiough the time for de
livery is not until to-day.
He was told that the Sheriff's own war
rant would be ready for delivery to-day,
but that the deputies wouid receive no
money.
Tii is information caused consternation
in the Sheriff's < ffice. and as the news of ]
the Auditor's hold-up of the City povern- :
mum spread through the hall other de- j
partments sent to the Auditor for infor
mation, and alt received the same satisfac
tion — no money, except for the heads of ■
the departments mentioned.
The information did not come from the |
Auditor direct, for that official has been
practically invisible for several days pa-t,
on the understanding that he is preparing
a statement of his position in the matter,
but was leaned from conversations with
subordinates about tha office.
Then the wraih of tue "deps" broke
loose, and if Mr. Brodenck had heard all
of the uncomplimentary things that were
said about him be would probably have
felt far from pleased.
If to-day brings no change in the situa
tion mandamus proceedings will undoubt
edly be be^un to compel Mr. Broderick to
sign the warrants. "Otherwise the City
employes must suffer. .
Tue Auditor says he is acting in accord
ance with the advice of his attorney, Gar- \
ret McEnerney, who beiieves that, until j
the Supreme Court should determine the
question whether the county government
act requires officers in cities of the first
class to pay their clerks out o:' their sala
ries and lees he would possibly incur a
serious liability by auditing the demands.
The question will not be settled until the
petition for a rehearing of vhe tenure-of
olnce case shall be pa>?od upon.
AFTER THE HUNTERS.
The Cordelia Gun Club Will Arrest All
AVho Trespass on Its I'reaerve.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
will meet oa Tuesday evening, October 6,
at Knights of the Red Branch Hall,
specially for the purpose of discussing the
question of game preserves. According to
the decision as recently rendered by the
Supreme Court, it would appear that the
clubs which hava leased large tracts of
marsh land in Solano County are now in a
position to defend themselves against
trespassers. At any rate, the Cordelia
Club is determined to punish all hunters
who enter upon its preserve, and with this
object in view a small army of keepers
will be stationed on the Buiann marshes
on the opening day of the same-shooting
season, October 15, to assist the officers of
the iaw in making arrests of burners who
refuse to leave the premises when or
dered to decamp.
An attorney who is well known among
sportsmen said yesterday that according
to the decision rendered by the Supreme
Court the clubs which have leased lands
must fence them properly before they can
cause the arrest ot trespassers. It is said
that there are many acres of leased marsh
lands near Suisun which are not in
closed.
On Sundey next the tug Vigilant will
take the Knights of St. Patrick aud their
friends to the Farallon Islands, where the
annual fishing excursion of the Knights
wiil be held. D. E. Conaon, C. J. Me-
Glynn, F. McCormick and John Purceil
are on the committee of arrangements.
Five hundred Jive pigeons will be taken
from this City on Friday morning to San
Bruno, where the State Sportmen's Asso
ciation will hold its annual tournament.
A Peddler's Grievance.
Louis Abrahams, a peddler living at 1403
Devisadero street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday charging Sig
rnund Levi with potty larceny. ADrahiims has
been keeping his horse and wagon in Levi"s
mother's barn at 1914 Ellis street, and he al
leges that Levi on Monday sold the horse for
(28 without his authority.
NEW TO- DAT."
INFANT HEALTH
SENT FREE
A little book that should be in every |s
home. Issued by the manufacturers y
j of the > ?.
\ Gail Borden Eagle Brand |
I Condensed Milk
(\ N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
-/ 71 Hudson Street, Hew York
NEW TO-DAY.
FLANNEL ===
DEPARTMENT.
GREAT VALUES.
New French Cashmere Flannels, cashmere figures, Egyp-
tian stripes and Persian effects sOc per yard
Fancy Striped Flannels, medium weight 30c per yard
Jersey Flannels, in fancy stripes ............35c per yard
Eiderdown Flannels, plain colors, all the new shades
45c per yard
Ail-Wool White Blankets, 62x80, fine quality- $4 per pair
All-Wool White Blankets, 72x84, extra super quality....
....'... :.... $6 per pair
11-4 Fine Crochet Quilts $1 each
Fine Cotton Comfortables .'. :.... $1.50 each
533 ECABLA ESPASTOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLAS X>:E3 PARIS.
x BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
EXCURSION AND AUCTION SALE!
Cj v .. ' '■••.:,-.;-.-■ *?' • _„— fl Jt rjl TT \\ TV ITT
PC* itSf^fe 2^*^^^ Ulll/ii I j
11 (W3^^tes^^rtl^lS^i§K/ Saturday. October 10, 1890*
I] At X ° CloCk P ' M>> a ' Mnrphy stallon .
'ffIMJBBJP\ MARTIS MURPHY TRACT,
1 AT AIIPTIOM Subdivision No. 3A,
.1 I f\ 1 Jr\ \J V»/ 1 Iv/IN Three Mites South or the Pleasant Town of
400 ACRES MOUNTAIN VIEW,
Santa Clara County. :. ! ■"' ,"■'
SEED, VEGETABLE, GARDEN, SUGAR-BEET AND ALFALFA LAND
MARTIN MURPHY TRACT,
40-1 0-ACRE AND UPWARD TRAGTS-40
SUBDIVISION No. 3 A
Is beyond question the best land in this State forratslne SEEDS, E A VEGETABLES, ALFALFA
and sUGAK BEtTS. The coming crop for cultivation next to ear. vegetables is to be the SUGAR
BKKT. The supply cannot for fifty years meet the "demand. It takes but live months to prepare tho
ground, plant and harvest the crop. No scientific farming is required, and children can do as much
worn: in the lopping and thinning as adults. Seven months are left to plant and harvest other crops.
aLFaLFa Is another important product which should demand attention. M ith free water five to
six crops per annuci is often obtained. - ...
W'- A I 1 V? 1-? ' " That great assistant to the farmer is obtained in great quantity within about forty
"* -ci- -I -Li XV> . feet by horns, and flowing wells are a success on this tract, givin? the owner the
full control of all that may be wanted, free from any royalty, thus securing any crop the agriculturist
may desire to cultivate. " ,
a^n^S^^vS^^^^^^^^^^ . We, WILL HUIN
A Special First-class
EXCURSION TRAIN
', **' s Srfl^l I lilf^^^JSiSm To Martin Murphy's Homestead Tract,
Stopping at MURPHY STATION,
Tliree Miles from the Town of Mount&ia
View.
ON ACCOUNT OF THIS IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE,
Which will leave t^e Third and Tosvnsend Street Depot. San Francisco, at 10 o'clock a. if. SATUR-
DAY, October 10. 1896, stopping at Valencia-stress. Station, San Mateo, Kedwood and M. n.o Par«, re-
turning l°ave Murphy station at 4:30 o'clock p. it. the same day.
81. 00 -ITND-TKIP TICKETS SI 00, Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
October 9, 1896, all day, and on Saturday, October 10, day of the excursion, up to 9:30 o'clock a. m.,
and at the depot, Third and Townsen I struts, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock
a. M.. from our representative and ticket office at depot, from oilier sta' ions, on the train. From baa
Mateo. Kedwood and Menlo Pane, round trip 60 cents. free Collation on the Ground.
TERMS- One-fourth cash, balance in 1, 2, and 3 years, In-
terest 8 per cent per annum. • ."•
EASTOS, ELDRIDGE & CO., AUCTIONEERS, CBS MARKET STREET.
WOOSTER & WHITTON, Real Estate Agents, 7 West Santa Clara Street,
San Josp, or Mountain View.
i FSF^fi i tVTM:~J/.Zl7tyl//71/*IW/)' a ~~' '
|The
22 Geary St., (tea? Keapny. \ List
Telephone Grant 518. j Of tlie
«ftlOO^» "
Imported \ Weekly : Call
Black ! : -— — :
Costumes, Has
; SAMPLE SUITS, 1 j More Than Doubled
■ Will be nlaced on Salo to-mor- I
! row, Thursday. purchased I Within the Past Year.
from a French manufacturer's Within XliQ FaSt I QSLT,
'agent. v
810.50 Regular price $13.50 1
$11.75 Each— Regular price $15.00 w — ■ —
$13. Each— Regular price $17.50 EJ I ; — —
$15.00 Each— Regular price $20.00 Eg ,
$17.50, 820 and $93.75 Each ) ______
— Usual price ;ar higher.
A desirable opportunity for ladles desir-
ing the very latest Black Goods. ' .■
.T. REMEDY COMPANY. PENNYROYAL PILLS
|HBBia^MBB||^^HB|HBB 9 /— <J»~^v Orlgl nal ■Hid Only 6*n ulno. a.
~ : ~ ~ /ifTrvOi •»", »lw»js rell»b.». ladies ut /«\
~~ ~~ A/LrVMi. DfUHTl*' *"• CkUhtttert BnqlUh Dia jfiftX
NPW WP«iTFP\ HfiTFI tf'Sj^^M^Anond Brand la Ited u<l Ooid meuliloVVW
I>nw "MICK.V nUICL., -J^KJjbar*,. >nued »tth bin. ribbon. Tako W
KKAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RI. - 1?) *^ wW|»» other. Rtfut* demgtrout mbttwi. V ■ '.
modeled and renovated. KIXU, WAUI) <S 00, • IL ~~ fJf' ion " xndi * ti: < uion '- AiDmggiM., or wild 4*.
European plan. Kooms SUo to *1 50 per day, «i IS, vi i-JSSH. i p^^"L I l « ttol ? l _!_ UMI
to «a per week, $3 taSiW per moaiix: trea oattn: , J£* & M^i^Mv^onTJf^.^TSS 1
tot and cold water every room; urn erato* i-» '-TN rCMchct«rtiemlc«lC«*M.dUonXu££
every room: elevator ruu* all ntgot ■ -law fc? *•! L«»l Dru_ut^^^^~ .„ " --*fcU«d^.l»2
MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
W^PK WV* *** 0 * l °n oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
Vl\ ,\ 1 \*\ ' vT. vona or diseases of the generative organg, such as Lost Manhood.
iSAI \i tA&J insomnia^Paina to the Bact, Seminal £m^ons, Nervon S DeblUtv
I f^L .. A **T PimplesTbniltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains. Varicose lift
Vf F V y^ Constmation. It stops ail losses by day or night Preve^w qnf^
X-/ : >CWj/ ness of discharge, which if notchecked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE an AFTER »!•«»• horrors of Impotency. S»Jt.»EBf « cleanses the Uver, the
übi-wnc. «nu «r • _r» kj<j ne v and the nrinary organs of all uapuriUes. '«,*u«
CUPl»>_NEfitrensthensond restores small weak organs. .. _»
The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proatfttf tl». CUPIDENE is th« only knoJr-a remedy to cure wit uout an operation 5000 lestlmonC -
Bis. A written (rnarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a DermanentenrjT :
|1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by malL Send for free circular and testimonials. permanent cura
Address JD.VVOIi blJcLl>HjLSt& CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sals by
. i>KOUKS' JfHAititACY, XIV i\> well sir**. ■-,■■■
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
tUMMART OF THK MAKKKTS.
Slyer unchanged.
Wneal Freights firm.
Wheat continues 10 advance.
Barley steadily rising.
Oats steady. Corn tending up.
Rye auoted higher.
Beans doing better.
Hay steadier.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes weak. Onions higher.
Vegetables cheap.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs stead/.
Poultry in good supply.
Grapes ower.
Other Fruits quiet.
Dried Fruits very stiff.
Raisins firm.
Provisions active.
Wool do.ng better.
No call for Hops.
Bogs weak and plentiful.
Merchandise as before.
Kiplanntiuu.
The arrow fl!es with the wind. The top figures
at station indfea c maximum temperatur» for the
days; tboie underneath It. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and luiiidredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connrcr poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal ien'pt-rature. The
word '-hißh" moans blch I arometrlc prvssnre and
la usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
n f ers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accomp-mied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washlncton
coast. Wh;n ;he pressure Is high In the interior
and low along the coas , and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "1 w" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain «outh of uri-enn is improb
able. Wltha-hlch" in lie vic:n:ty of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the I aiifornla coast, warmer
weather may bo expected n summer and coder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATH. X BURsAU REPORT.
United «tatks Department of Aobicdi^
tube, WEAIHER BrRF.Af, AN I'RANCISCd, Sept.
29. 1- 9 >. a p. m. — Weather condttioni and general
fori-t ast :
The toilowlng maximum temperatures are re
ported from sta ions in Ifornia t->dav:
ure^a 58, Red Bluff 8-', <an Francisco 58.
Fres o xii. San LuU Obispo 74, Los Ange 76,
?au Dieco 68, Yuma 93
San Francisco ilata— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 53, n ran 56. .
The pressure lias fal en about a tenth of an inch
during the past twent -four hours over Utah, Ne
vi.de and ast m Arizona. It has r.sen slowly
over California. An are 1 of low pressure is cen
tral to-night over Arizona. '1 he pressure Is below
!be normal over the northern half of the Pacific
Slope.
lhe temperature has risen over Nevada and
Utah: elsewhere Itnas been stationary. Light fog
Is reported along the coast of California.
Forecast made a San i rancisco tor thirty hours
ending mldnigb". septembe'- ;-0 389 J.
Northern 1 alif rnia— C'ondy weather Wednes
day forenoon, with fog ou t.ie coast, resh north
wes eriy winds.
Southern 1 allfornia— Fair Wednesday, except
foegy In the morning on the coast; light westerly
winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— air Wedne*d«v.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
.'-'an Fran- lsco aud vicinity— Cloudy Wednesday
morning with fog; tresh northwesterly winds.
Alexander G. Mcadie,
local Fore, ast Official.
>~i:w York markets.
I'inaiK'iiil.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 29 — Tl.ere was a
slight recession in prices at the opening of busi
ness a the stork Exchange this morning owing
to the receipt of lower quotation < irom 1 on<lon
and the expectation that the Chicago, Burl n ton
and Qnincy 8 at*- n e.it for August would show a
loss in net --amines of about $.60,000. The gen- ;
eral list; yielded Vs@% per cent, while Mannaiun
declined 1 to BS% and Toba co 15.« o 61 /s Tiie
foreign hcuses were moderate »c .ers o tue inter- j
national stocks, and .his co:urli.uttil to the weak
ness of the market. It soo 1 txcanie a i parent,
however, tlia the offerings were being prom
absorbed fur despite the bi-ar pressure ;h«- market
began to Improve and speedily recovered the early
decline.
The explanation of the renewed purchasing
power was found in the official statement of he
Burlington. Instead of -wing the decrease In
net c minis centrally ex^ecte-i, the loss report el
was only (2>,21b. Other favorable deve o. men's
were the heavy exports of produce anil merchan
dise from the port of New York, he <<nnounce
meiu of the shipment of over 82,000 000 in sold
from Sydney to San Francisco, and a reduction in
the price of gold bars in London. The latter, it
was contender, would offset in a measure the re
cent rise In sterling exchange-.
Prices for stocks n consequence moved up any
where from 14 to 2*4 cent. Manhattan, he
grangers. Western I nion. the coalers, Supar.
Louisville and Nasbvi le. Atchlson and Missouri
Pacific ere prominent In the ris'-. Near the
close Sugar aeclla d to 111%. checking the al
vanclug t nden.y. Tne market in the final deal
ings was steady to • firm. Net changes show
pains of Vi@iy» per cent, Manbauau leading.
Chicago Gas .on 14 an 1 'lobacro li/ 8 p. r cent. In
the specialties Minnesota and St. Loui-. second |
pr-i« rred rose 4to 43. Illinois Steel night 4S@
.461/8- Th total sales were 239.021 shares mc ucl
in« 43,200 Real In it, 30,000 .-t. Paul, 34,700 Bur
lington and 400 Sugar.
Bonds were active and strong. Sales footed up
$l,<-ib,ooo. Atchison adjustment fours rose IV,
10 37; Cincinnati and Uhi > consolidated five's,,
114 10 107: Cleveland, Lorain mid Wheeling con
tto.idated fives, 2to 105% General- Electric ten
er: 1 debenture five*, Ito 81 : Louisville and Nash
, ville gold fives, *-.'i/ 8 to i»2%: Northwestern con
solidated fives. J^4 .0 135: Heading general fours,
1 to .76,%; do firs,, preferred. 2V4 to 30»4. do
seconds, 2to 2> ; do hiids. 2to 22: -L Louis and
han t\ani-isco general si>es 3 .0 16; St. Pau ,
Ch cag 1 and Miss url lliver vena, 3to 126; do
Mineral Point fives, 3 to 105; Tennessee coal,
Tennessee oivsion sixes. 21/4 to bis*, and Wis
consin Central nv<-s certificates, 1% to .15.
In Government bonds .*tis,ooo coupon fours of
1925 so.d at 117%@1173/a and $10,j00 couuon
fives at 111%
Grain. /
LOUR— Firm, moderately active. Winter wheat,
low grades, $1 80fa2 75: do, fair to fa.icy, $-• 603
8 45; do, patents, $.•> 80@4 Minn- soiac.ears, $2 50
f:3 2ii: do, s>tralgn;s, $3 10@3 65: do. uateiits.
94 40@4 6>: low extras, $1 80®^ 75: ci y mills
$3 15ig>b9O: do, patents, $4 1 ijo,4 25 rye mix
tures, %-d 80@3 20; superfine, $1 6.i@2 20; fine,
♦1 40@2 10. rtye flour, q .let firm ; $-j. 40&2 85.
].\.— ilrm. Western. 43% c.
BARLEY-Qulet, 32«4c; feeding, 27*-ic.
WHKAT— Quiet, easy, dos 11; steady; f.0.b.,
67i/i®67i'2 uugraded red, 6-(«76c; No. 1 North
ern, 7Ji'.@723/ic. '
Options were moderately active and closed weak
at lc to li/gc decline, following (he We. t and on
local unloading, with fair tor-ign buying. May
closed a. 75c: September. 70V»c: October, 701/ic;
November. 718/sC: December. 72Vic
CORN— Spot, dull, easier; No. a, 27©2 71,4 c, ele
vator: 28@i8Vi<" afloat.
Options were moderately active and weak at
V»c to Vie decline on free realizing, easier West
and folio ■« Ing wheat. September and October
closed at -7c: uecemoer, 28% c: May, 31c.
OATS— Spot, fairly active, stronger.
-Options moderately active, firm. September,
20% c; October. 20c; December, 22c
•t-pot prices: No. 'i, 21c; No. 2 white,
24% c: No. .'£ Chicago, i.2c: no. 3, 18c; No.
8 white. 22c; mixed Western, 18%@23c; white
do, 20@29%c.
Provisions.
LARD— Easier: moderate demand. Western
FINANCIAL^
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
(AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
wntbLoCK & co./
4 Leldesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1054.
: BRANCH OFFICE : "
C 23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
PI'KDY & ATKINSON Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on 'latest market quo-
. tations. Reference lit National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRK. SEW YORK.
steam. 84 18: city, $3 80; September. 94 17 nomi
nal. II ii" il. dull: continent. *4 65; south
America, $4 75: pound, . " <w4c.
1 1. 1. K- strong; moderate demand. New mess,
$7 75©8 50.
BL'I i Ei.— Fairly active; fancy, firm. Western
dairy. 7%@>llc: do creamery, Il(jj)l6c: Klglns.
16c; Imitation creamery, 9@lla
CHEESE— Firm, moderate demand. Part skims,
3@6c: lull skims, 2 (a,.c
hugs— Steady, western, fresh, 16%@18c: do
V case, *2 lt@4.
. 1 ALLow-Quiet, firm. City, 3Vac asked: coun
try, Ss/«@3%c. .
COTTO.SMiED OlL— Stronger: fair demand.
Crude. 21«l21%c; yellow, prime, 24 1 c.
RlCE— Fair demand, firm. Domestic, 3Vfet§6y4C.;
Japan, 4(3m>c.
.■>. ' iJ.Aaois.st— Fairly active, firm. New Orleans,
28@37c. ■ ■ -. • . •
COKFEE— Steady: 10 points up. September,
$9 90; December, $8 7u@b 75: May, «8 7U@» SO.
Spot Rio, anil, steady: No. 7, j(jS/ 8 - .
ah- Quiet, Off A. 4 3-16(9. 1Vic: mold A,
4 3 ,4, c; standard A, 4%c; con fee loners" A, 4»/gC;
cm loaf an 1 crushed, •• 1 /ac: powuered, 4%c; giauu
lated. 4i/ 3 c; cubes, 43 c.
Fruit aud Produce.
APRICOTS-Bags, BVi@loc
PEACHES.— Peei«M. 1.ty,14c: unpeeled, 6@Bc.
PRUNES-Four sizes, 5c. .
RAISINS— Two-crowc. loose Muscatel. 4<s4Vfec;
do three-crown. 6%@5%c: do !our-crowu. 6c:
London layers, «.l 10(a.i. 15; uo flusters, »1 25
(S»l 40.
itoPts-Qulet: Pacific Coast, 3S£6V4c
. WuOL-ateady: domestic ueece, 16@23c;
, puileu, lfcca,i>lc; ie.\iu, 7© 12c.
. Merchandise. .
PIG IRON— Fair demand;. American, CIO 25®
lit OJ.
«.«JJ PER -Quiet; lake. *10 65010 75.
IJLAi —Firm; domestic. .~v 77%@280.
Quiet; s-ik.i*. »13@13 05.
PLATta>— Moderately active.
fci-.fa.L'i .kit-Firm; d. n. ... •. $3 80@3 65.
• - CHICAGO .MARKETS.
CHICAGO,' 111., Sept.29.— There were some sta
tistical figures on wheat. to hand this morning
1 which were not exactly In line with holders' de
sires and anticipations, and In deferenc to their
weight and significance prices declined. The
world's shipments tor last week were larger by
600.000 bushels than the estimates of yesterday
made them. Receipts in the Northwest were
heavy at 1182 cars, against 903 last Tuesday and
1226 a year ago. Chicago, too, bad quite liberal
arrivals. 319 cars. Llverj 00. cables were Vi<£l *<'l
higher, but private advices from that place report
ed the advance as being unattended by enthusi
asm. - About an hour alter the opening European
croD advices showing large deficiencies were re
ceived an . unaer their lnfiuen.ee a rally took place
but on free selling a later decline was noted. Local
ins ions trom store amounted ' to (iOOO bushel*.
Bradstreet's repor.ed an increase in the world's
available supply 0t 596,000 bushels, whl tended
to weaken prices. Export clearances were liberal
at 609,907 bushels, Closing ion Inenul cub.es
were irregular Paris was higher and Antwerp and
licrl n lower. December wheat opt ned rom 67Vs C
to 66a.-4C, sold between 67&/ C an 661 4 .-, clontui;
at boi,4@..ttS/gi-, l*/s'9l%c under yesterday. Esti
mated ri-celpis lor to-morrow 95 cars.
tOK.N- Like wlitat, corn showed lea* strength
to-day than recently. It was due, however, as
much to the sympathy existing be ween tbe mar
ket* as t any o.uer irotive. Receipts were large
at 10 -7 cars and .240, bushel.-, were withdrawn
from ore. Liverpool cables wer* V4<l higher, in
I response to yesterday's advance In this market.
! Bradsireet'fi reported a decrease in stocks of 754,
-i 000 bushels, ±.xpirt clearances were iarce at
i 474,385 bushels. May corn opened at '.j.'ii-jc. fioid
between 25 ; i 4 o and -5Sg , cosing at 26 1 '- yy g c
under yesteruay. Estimated receipts forto-mur
| row 610 cars. . • 1
. UATs-'l he trad« in oa-s was very light and the
tone partook In a met.s ire of that prevailing in
the surrounding pits. Receipts were 686 cars aud
65,700 biibhe.s were taken from store. Exports
were light, only 171 1 bushels c.earing. I ral
s.reel's reported an ncrea^e ins:ockx of HSe',ooo
bushels. >ay oats closed unchanged from yester
day. hnti mated receipts for to-morrow iBO cars.
FLAX -Was firm. Cash, 74%ig,75%c: Decem
b-r, 75is.7ti%c; May, 80 Vi@BlVac Receipts were
17-' cars-
PROVISIONS*— Trading in provisions was spas
modically active with prices as a general rule
ranging lower than the closing ones 01 yesterday.
The depreciation was partly attributable to en
easy box market an 1 paitly to the existing - heaper
grain values.- January - pork dosed 10 ■ lower;
January lard and rios cacti s@7V>c lower.
lUTTER— Firm, particularly "for fine makes:
demand good.
Creameries— Extras, ISc 1* Ib: firsts, lS@l4e;
seconds, lO(al c; imitations, fancy, 12(0 3c
l.alnea— hxt'fiii, 13c: lirs.s. lli^l'JC: seconds, 10c
Ladles— Extras, 9Vz<sloc: firsts, B^B%c; packing
Slot k. b(c..c: en ase. 4@sc.
EGG: — In bri>k rt«niand; oflerings not large:
fresh stock, 14%@lsc.
• lift If^ l ll oil at ti^7'; on call and 1% on
time loans. £>«.» loj*. t-jLChauga Bold at 75c dls
count.
Closing Prices.
"■HK AT-Feutemoer. t6%c; December, 66V»@
66S'»c: May, 69T/ B e.
1 nhiN — i-epteiuber. 21% c; December, 22Vi@
2-8/ B c;May, . 6%c
ijAi>— i»ppiemDer. 16% c; December, 178/« c:
May. l{B/»@l9Vj,c.
>ORK— oc.ot.er, $6; January. *7.
l.A hL— October, $3 72%; January, $4 07%.
A.11.&- October, ♦ - 16; January, »i 47%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARD.-. 111.. Sept. 29— The
supply of cattle on sale to- lay was larger than
nsual on Tuesday. Tlier- was an active demand,
however, and prices were steady. Offerings of
bogs were fair. The demand was not brisk and
the feelin was a little easier. Sheep and 1-mbs
were slow and s eady. The damp weather s.T.ed
to restrict trading.
CATTI.h — ReceiDts. 6000. Fancy beeves.
$1 8j@j00: choice o nnme. 1300 to 1700 &> steers,
$4 60i0i4 8J: good to choice steers. 1200 10 1600 D>.
*4 10W44 .; nit-ilium steers. 1000 10 J^OO Ib. $3 90
(0.4 05: lair beer hirer-. £60 10 J:-UU o>k. tb 60
(113M5: butcher steers. 8,( 3^(qJ- 60: gooil to ciiolce
siockert and feeders. 900 to 1250 lb 1 3 30^3 90;
fair to -00 1 do. 600 to 875 Ib. *. 6U@3 -5; bulls,
choice to extra-. $.' iH)<d..i 25; bulls, poor to c.ioice,
SI 7 .'/to,- 75: cows ana a ifen«. cnoire to extra.. S J 30
©3 50; cons, air to choice, *-• J .'>«.< 5: ows,
common to fair canners. $1 .o*. 00; calves, rood
10 choice. £5 oOi.iß 10: calves, common to good,
»3 00©5 40; Texas grass su-ers. fJ 4 (g,:i UO.
Texas cows and bulls, *1 7565.! 50: vv.stem can
ning steeri, S- 65(0>4; Western range cows a;iu heif
ers. t'i 15(a.J 25 milkers an I springers, ?. Head,
|vs!ft4o. Wt stern range steers, 12 70(a.^'J0; West
er, 1 ranicera, $- I 'fg>3 25.
tiUUti — Receipts. 19.000. Heavy pac^lnt anc
rMppini: lot-. $2 -.*>«.; i 31: common to choice
mixed, $2 95a:-i 50: inoice ausoneJ. $0 loigi
. 60: 111: In. »3 d. <g,S 50: pus. $1 25v»4 26
-—i-.tceip.j. ;0.1),j iuiciij. lit Choice,
• 176(&3 16; utuibs, *3 .4 75.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Condi, Exchange. Uiiaer an I Railroad
M ar-«.
Money on call easy at 4©4i^%; last loan at 4%
and closing offered ac 4%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 7(68 ■:. i»r iiivtr, bl»6/ B e. Mexican dollars.
50yj"a5-i/ic. Sterling Kxchan^e Is firm, with actual
bbft.in-bii in bankers' hllli at *4 81^4(^4 h2
t<ir«l»iy oays, and $4 841/4(0.4 fc4y 3 for leniand.
pis.cd rales. $4 i-2VaS" »6. Commercial bills.
(4 hl@4 blVa- Oovi-riituent bonds firm, s>tate
bond* dull, Railroad bonds strong. Sllv«r at me
board wan quiet.
/in T^i <* Cable-.. 90 Norfolk ft wwrn 9*4
Atchtnon 13 Preferred. 14Va
Preferred 20 Northern Pacific, l.ij
Adams Express. ...l4s Preferred. 2U/ 4
Alton. 1 Haute 66 Northwestern 9^i/i
American ExpresslOH Preferred.'. 140
American Tobacco. 61VfcN.Y. Central I***4
Preferred.... 96 N.Y.,ChlcasO<t-J.L. 11
FitvStateUas 13 | Ist preferred..... 70
1 cltl&iore it Ohio.. 14 Yd preferred 27
Brunswick Lands.. % N. V.<fc N. H. 16«
l-.uftalo. Hoch f. 17 ,N. V. A New Km. 45
Canada He... 57 ,N. V.. busq & W... sS/ 8
Canada southern.. 46V41 preferred. 228/^
( anton Land 60V»'< ntarlo ............ JO
Central Pact tic 14 (Ontario & Western ls"/«
l.his. iii Ohio a 'orepon Improvmnt Vi
Chicago A1t0n...... 156 j Preferred.. .......—
Preferred .... ...I«** ,'1 rcgon Navigation 18
Chicago. H. 4 <J.... 70Vs Oregon Short Llna. 14 .
Lliict7O AX. Hi... Si- 1 acinc Mall „ 20 Vi
Preferred. Hs l i I etirla, D. A Evans Isa
Thlcaeocia* PltUburg & W. pfd 16
I'leveA Plitnbnrg..lss Pullman Pa1ace... .147
Consolidation CoaL 3-i Quicksilver. IJA-
Consoliaated Uas..l4H Preferred. 15
C. C. c. & St. Louis 26*/4 Heading....: . 1»
Preferred..;..-.... 80 ftioUrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel ft iron.. 10% Preferred.. ....... 40
Preferred 75 Kock Island. b3
Cotton oil Cert .... 13 KomeWattfcO£(l6n>Xll
Commercial Cable. 146 St. L. &S. W.... 8%
Dei. Hudson. 124 J Preferred «'
CH.ljickAWestrn. 154 Isu Paoi. 71%
Denver &R. ...... HVi Preferred. 125 Va
Preferred. 43 ht. Paul A Dulath. 17i»£
Manners Preferred... 78
General ILiectrlo... 28H St. Paul A Omaha. 38 Vi
trie- 14Vs Preferred... 117
Preferred 80V» bt. P. M. & M.. 110
Fon Wayne.. ...... 148 Ml ver Certificates. 68
threat Northern pfdli7 [southern Pad He... 16
Green Bay Vi Boutcern R. it »%
Hhrlem. ....300 | Preferred..: . .-24
Uocjtlng Coal — - Bennery .... 112
Hockint Valley.... 153/ i preferred..... 99%
Homettake.. 84y 4 Term. Coal A Iron, WC
H. A Texas Cent... , Preferred. . »0
Illinois Central • Texai Pacific"" 7%
lowa Central 7 N..VlVcn' —
_Preferreo......... 27 101. A Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas A Texas... 103/4 Preferred.. 60
Preferred 24 Tol.St.LouisA t>
KiUßston* Pern... 3 I Preferred. 15
Lake trie & Weuo 16 ! Onion Pacinc" " 7
Preferred.... 65% C. P. Den A uniKl 15/.
Lake»bore 146»/ L. a Coraace 4^
National Lead 21Vi Preferred!: *..." 9
Preferred......... 84 Guaranteed" 18Va
Long Island 66 C. B. press &5
Louisville A Nasti. 42ViL.K Leather.: }.Z ma
LonlKVllle NaJtCU 1%! Preferred. .". 88%
Preferred.... .... 6V4IU. a Bobber.... . levl
Manhattan Consol. *8% Preferrea....!"" 70
Memphis A Char.*. 16 t tlca A R River.. l6o
Mexican Ceutral... **& Wab. b. I. A Pao . 0
Michigan Central... 80 Preferred..... JSJA
HinnAaL. Wella-FargoL:...... 6 3
t-re.erred .......__ Western Union.... *»%
Minn A St. Loom, 1& Wisconsin Central. iv.
M preferred,.... 68% Wheeling AL.is . 5%
preferred 42 Preferred... .26V,
MluMJ.irllaclUc.... 2i VslAm Cotton OU pfU. 48
Wobilejfe 0h10...-...18</ 4 W. L. 8eef..... ... 8%
Nashville A Chaw. 67% Ann Arbor .. — _
National :l.lnse«d.. IB j Preferred..... -
*•• J. Central • ..... 103 »4| Brooklyn Traction -. 20%
bt>r* AUiencati . . . 4^i hue 2d pni. T. IBVSI
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1890.
ri>MB!NU ' bovhi
Ala Class A4s 100 Northern Pao lsts. 11 2%
DoClass 84, 100 D02d5.... 107
Alabama, a*** C 94 JJoMs.. 67
Airnison4s 77%: Do consol 6« 46
Do2ds A Olmprovetnent Ist 74
Canada£onth2d9..lo2 I Do 6s ;..... 11%
Cen Pac Istsof '9&.lo2 cHi.N lsts. 108%
Clierokoe 4s, 1893.100 1 o :nnsol bs 83%
Do 18»7..... 10J Or Short Line 65... 107
Do 1898 ...10J Docons6s.. 63
Do 1889 100 Faciflcesof '97....—
Chesss <s unio bs 107 rb»la& eadini; 4s. 76%
Ch4NPTrßcts6s 41 Do Ist lncam. S6V4
DC»-65s .....10»V 4 UUrandeWestlsu 69
Den & KG Ist 110% v iL«tlronMtGens» 75
Do 45..... 86 fct L& SF Gen Us. 104
trie ids 39% tit i>aul Consols. ...125
FtW&DenCltylsts 51! st P c<fc Pa ls'.s... 114
i> HAS AOs ..... 101 ho Carolina 4%5... 104
Do2d7s .....100 j Southern RR 55... til'Vl
Gen Hler Deb 65... *9 1 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 10
H A Tex Cent 65.. 100 Term new 85....... 75
Do con 102% Texas Pacific lsis. 81
lowa Central lsts.. 93 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 19
Kansas Pa Consols 67 Union Pac lsts 06.101
t.» 1-* i»ia Leu dlvlOS I K4s re* of 1»25.117
La Consol 4s 90 Do coupon.... 117
Missouri funding...— -• f pp 4 a.n>c of 1907.107%
MKT2ds.. 65 Do 45. c0up0n.... 10
% D«*« ; HIVi Do2s .93
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 84 Do6s 111*4
Mutual Union (111...10614 i o 6s. c0up0n.... 11l V*
> J C'/nt Gen 6«...114 \ a funding 67 Vi
N V </<fc-t Louis 48102% Do registered.. .. .— .
Nor&AWst lien 116 I 1.0 deferred 65... 5
a Carolina con 45.. 95 ' Do trust rents 4
Do6s 110 Wabasn 1« 5s 104
Aor/liwest Consols. 36 West Shore 4a».... 10 4
la> deb 6s 104
lOREIGX MARKETS.
WHEAT LS I.IVKBFOOI.
LIVERPOOL. E.ng., Sept. 29.— The spot market
is firm at 6s Cargoes firmer at 295, Septem
ber shipments.
FCTUBRS.
The Prodnce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ri-d Winter. Sep
tember, fis 9%d; October, 5s 9Vfed; November. 5s
BVfed; December, 5s 9»4d: January, 6s 9%d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Ens., Sept. 29.— Consols, 109V4:
sliver, 30 6-16 d; French hentes. lOlf ?7VfcC
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 6?) days. — f4 83
Stering Exchange, sight — 4 b5
Sterling Cables. — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight. — 05
New Yor« Exchange, telegraphic^. — 10
Fine silver, %* ounce — 056/ 8
Mexican Dollars '.'.' 62 62%
•
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTH R GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— RuIe firm at 31s 3d.
usual options. The chartered wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 65.760, against 67,360
toes on the tame date last year; disengaged, 11,.
16'J ti ns, against 17.032: on the way to this port,
293.000 tons, against 305.200.
WHEAT— The .Muskoita takes for Cork 79,915
cilg. valued at « 8*1.876.
'1 he market ;or spot Wheat Is very stiff with a
sharp demand, and iutues are also much higher
than they have been. The visible supply of tbe
wor.d snows an Important, decrease. >o. 1,
illiß*i@l 10 ctl: choice. $1 11 14: lowemrades,
$I®l . 071/ i; extra choice for milling, $1 12V 3 ©
1 lOV4.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Infobuai. Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 c Is, $113: 20^0, »1 i:u/ 8 : 4000, $1 13Vi;
6000, $113%. May-2000. ?1 16V4.
tsmoosro - ession— n. her— lt,uOO ctls, SI 14
-600^, fl l;-7/ 8 ; bOOO, $1 l:^. May— 4ooo. $1 17;
10,000. $1 10%.
Heodub .^OBNiifo SKssin?r— May— 4ooo ctls,
81 16V4: 4000. $1 161/k: 8000. *1 16%; 12.000,
*1 16Vs: 4000. 1 ltJ7 /8: 8000. $117: 40.0
$1 17l /8 : 2000,81 5714. uecemb«-r-8000,?l liS/ ;
8000, »1 l;-6 /8 : 18,o«.iO, 9 133..; 200u, $1 l";
$114Vs; 6LOO, $1 14Vi *' ' * '
afternoon >ESsi«»N— lit- ter— 6000 ctls.
*1 143,4 SOUO, $1 15y 8 : 36,000. $115: 14,000,
*1 14%. Muy— 4l.Uu, $1 l.» 4; 4000, fl 18:
10.000, $1 17%: 6001/, »i 17%
B.iKLr.Y-The market continues to advance
and is very firm. No. 1 Cuevaiier is no lout er
quotable, as It has pracitca.ly passed out 01 first
hands. We quote Feed, «0(d67%c %* cil, choice
bMgbt, 6bSy4®7oc '4 c.l; Brewing, 77V3&82^c "#
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal session— 9:16 o'clock-No sales.
> 1 ... n1 1 > ESBION-Nusa.es
Regular JliiKNiNii . v ksm<>n — December— 2ooo
ctl3. 7 •<&«.•: 40J0. 75% c; Kv.Ul.7bc: 20J0. 767/ 8 c
Aftebsoox Sessiox— Deci mber— 2ooo ctis,
75y B e.
< UN— The tendency Is upward. Laree Yellow,
feO@BVi%; .-mall Round no, 85c t* «1; White, 80c.
■ .^ r. — ili.herand weilheM..l B7» o'a7 2Vj» tU.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at 85®bo >$ c7l.
FLOUR AND SIII.LSTVFFS.
f FLOUR— Very firm at the advance. Net cash
prices »re as fo. lows: Family extras, $3 90&t05
li* bb ; BakerY extras, $3 70«3 80; superfine,
$3@3 30.
CORNMEaL, ETC.— Feed Corn, »18 60@19:
Cracked Corn, f 100.9 50 fi ton.
MILLisl UFFB-Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the iraae: Graham Flour, $2 10*
Rye F.our, $2 60: i.ice Flour. $5 75: Cornmeal,
$2 IV; extra cream do. $2 75; oa. m-al, $2 90;
Oat uroats, $6 60: Hominy, $3 10@3 30: Buck
wheat Hour. ?3 10(a3 hO: I racked Wh. at,
$2 75; Farina, $3 60; Who Wheat Flour, $2 aO;
I. oiled cat* $3 50, I.a 1 barley. *3 50; Spilt
Peas, $3 20: Green do, $4 10 %l lUO lbs.
HAY AND 1 Kt-DSTUFFS
P.i'A.v- )?12 6i@l2 80 forthe best and $11 60
@12 1* ton for outside br.mds.
-MIIiDLINGs— JIS »» ton for lower grades, and
$16® 18 f» .on for the besu
FKiDSTUFFS— RoIied Barley. $15^15 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mi 1. $2) f> ton; Jobbing, $_'-j
c.lpped vats, »7Vsr@*l 05 V cU.
HAY— Pteadv nnd-r the diminishing receipts.
Wheat is qu it bea $7@9 V ton: Wheat a .d -'at,
56@« 50; Oat, $I<3>7; Bariev. $6 7; Klver Barley,
$4 50@5: Alfalfa. $5 60@6 50 for second and
$4 61@5 for first cutting: compressed, s6@9; s.ock.
$4^,5; Clover. $6*7 f>o IS ton.
STRAW— 3O@36c V bale.
I'.EASS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— The market rules s caly, but there Is
no HCtlvi'.y In any descriptions except large
whites. Bavos quo. able at •■(slftSt 2') ii ctl; Small
Whiles,' *@1 2> ? ctl: Large Whites. 90c(il$l «t
Ct: Pinks, 8i @85c * ctl; Reds, «I@l 35 ctl;
Blacce.v. tl@l 15: v Hed Kidney, $1 t.'s©l 50:
Limits, $1 tOCa.I 75; Butters, nominal; Pea
$1 12V2'fl*l M V- ctl.
SKKI) Brown Mustard, $2 5U@2 65; Yellow
Mv» ard, $1 4« @1 61/: Flax. $1 25; Canary Seed,
2%@.s,ic %* !b: A.fa.fa, nominal; Rape, 2i^c-
Hei..p. 3V». %> Ib. '
DRi • H 1'1...»5_ «1 10@l 35?* ctl for Nlles and
$1 -:6@l 50 for Oreen. • a
POTATOES, ON.« VEGETABLES.
PO TATOES— Arrivals are too large and the
market is weak. Sweet Potatoes, 75ca$l » <v-
Early Ro»e, :-iO@Sfi<-: 1 urhank k eedl igs. 25@35c
for Rivers a.d 50@90c ctl for Salinas.
[ONIONS— Are higher a^aln at 3J@4oc. Pickles.
40^6u<- f* yack.
V. ABLE.«— Kver>thlne Is cheap, du'l and
plenntul. Marrowfat -qiirtili quotable at $5&8 »
I too; Gr.»en Corn, 2(!@src %i sacK; Alameda • orn,
1 r.Oc«tsi %>. crate; Bfr<clpv Corn, 10@!iOc > box;
summer Squash, i6cßbox; Kg.' P „ t. '.'s@3ic
, V box: 1 oni.'.toe.i. 10®ViOc * box: Cucumbers 20
; @40c * box; Pickles, 1 V2C V to for No. 1 and 7.1
<d8l;c « ctl for No. 2; Or. Peppers, 20^35c «4
laike box for Chile and L'l.fn:.. 7 ). for B 11: <-reen
Peas, 50c@*l "$ sack for common atid 215.2: - «
Ib for Gaiden: String Beans, 5 t@sl %( sack for
con mon auU 2@2V»c > Ib for Garde.i: Llmas 40
@75c "% sack: CJieen < kru, 3U@sOc f. box; Dried
okra. l'^%c ? Ib: Cabbage. 40<- "p ctl; Carrots SO
@4uc V- sack; uarlic. 1 Vs. Vie «4 Ib.
BI'TTEK, CHESK AND EGGS.
BUTTKR— Stoady. Stocks are moderate.
Chkahkry- Fancy .2i(a22Vfec; seconds, 20c « Ib
Dairy— Func- ,v:0c^8): g<M)ii to choice ] 7 1 ., m
19c: luwer grrdes, 2i .(§)l6c Ib.
Picklkd— :sral7c |l It).
y ikkin— l4tol;cV Ib
CHP.K h — I'nces nave not changed for some
time. Choice mid new, Bi/i@9c; common to tood
old. 6@Bc (ream Cheudar. 10@llc: Youne
Amend, 9@loc; West.m, 10@llc; fc-asiern, 11@
htm>— Qnotntlons seem to be pretty well entab
llslied ior ho n oment. Oregon, 14@16<- ~$ dozen •
LMtern, Ji-feliic fir fair to t holce ana 'iOc f-ir
fancy: ston- r._'i{-;, 15 fa. 16c for oidlnary atid 17<a
2Uc ;or good: ranth Ki-rs. 25@30c: cold-sioraee
lb@2oc; Duck Eggs, 18@20c 3iorage,
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Turkeys are declining. Ducks are
weak. <<ood fat Hens and young Roosters are
firm. Another car of Eastern wlii be offered to
day.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 12@13cS.lb for
Gobblers, 12@13c for Hens; young Turkeys. 14fai
16c; Ueeie, f* p»lr, fl@l 25: Goslings. $1 L>6<a
1 .0; Ducks.. $:-*&>:- £0 lor old and $ (Si 50 for
young: liens. $4@5: Boosters, you c, $l(a;i 50
-«:o, 0.1, $I©l 50; Fryers. $i 75©3 25: fcfo.lers,'
$'J : 0(&3 for large and $j 25&2 60 for small;
Pigeons, $1 76 V dozen for young and $1 50 for old
fc — Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD " FRUITS—
Quinces are In light supply and firm. Peaches
are p entlful and weak, Plums are scarce.
Quinces. -:0f960c ft box.
Peac.ies, 20®50c t* box.
Plums, 40@75 |P box. .
Pomegranates, sU@7sc "a box.
Apples, 65@?1 tr> box for choice, 25@50c for
common.
Pears, 25@40c ft box; Bartletts, 50@90c large
box. ■ - ■ - ■
Figs. 40@75c for black, double layers.
BERUIE —
Strawberries, f 1 50@4 for large berries and $8
(gnu for 1 ongwor.hß.
KaspberrteH, $3(0.4 pi chest.
BIaCK terries, *•«: 60Cd>4 V chest.
Huckleberries. lf\ lb.
1 ran berries from W sconsin and Cape Cod, *8 V
bbl ' II * l^Jiii^JlliifjßßJfflKO'Hfmy^J*J]" *U|f .IDNi^MCiii
Kit APES— Meceipts of both Wine and Table
Grapes are large and pilces are weak: Isabel as,
r.Oc.*). crate: Tokays. 30@40c box; Black
Grapes, liO@3sc; Muscats, 20^35c; Sweetwaters,
20@30c * box: Grapes In crates bring 10@15c
mere than In boxes. >
Zlnfandel Wine rapes, $20@24 ft ton: mixed
lots, f^U: California Black Grapes, $-ll@.'J;
Whit.-. Sfls@l i.
MELON s— Supplies of all kinds are ample.
Waterme.ons. $a@7 "$ 100; Cantaloupes, 25(575c
«* crate: Nnimests, 25@35c IS box.
CITRUS KliUlTS— Lemons, 75c@l 60 V box
for common and $2 sors3 60 for 500.1 to choice;
Mexican limes, $c@s 60 ft box: California limes,
; Bananas, $l<sii ft bunch; Pineapples, $~ 50®
4 ft iloz.
DRIED FRUITS. RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUIT**—
Still higher prices are expected for Prunes,
Peaches and Apricots, as they are all very stiff
and la active demand. In fact all kinds except
Pears are firm. Raisins continue strong.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows: .
i a ri.oa d Lots— Apricots, 6@Sc H Ib for Royals
an I 9@loc V lb for choice to fancy Moorparks:
Prunes, OV4C: Peacfces, 3Vi®sc for prime to
cuoice, (ji^c for fancy and 9@loc for peeled In
boxes: Apples, 514 c for evaporated and -J@2y.jc
for sun-dried ; Pears, li^@3c for prime to cbo cc.
'2<&3c for quarters and 4fa,5.- for halves: Plums,
4r for pitted and UA@2c for nnpltted; Nectarines,
3@4c for choice ana 6j for fancy: White Figs, 3c;
Black Figs: •-V4®2l/ 2 c.
Jobbing I bices— peaches, 4ysi@6c; fancy. 7c
V tt>; Apricots 6@ c: fancy, 8c: Aioorparks, 10®
lie; evapora Apples, 6c: sun-dried, :-»c: Prune*.
Si/i<ai3Vac for the four sizes; Figs, black, 2VaC for
undressed and 3@3y a c for pressed; white rigs, ie;
Plums. 6c for pi ted and 1 y.c forunpitted; Necta
rines, 4@sc %* tt> for prime to fancy; Pears. 2^'S
8c for whole, "«!%@3iAc for quartern and 4@sc tor
halves. . " ... y . .
Raimns—
Cabload Pricks, f. a b. Fbesno— Four-crown
loose. 4c; 3-crowii, 314 c; 2-crown. -%c; Seedless
bultanas. 4c; «e«dlem Muscatels, 2 c ; 3-crown
London layer*. »l 10; cluster*. »1 »5: Debesa
clusters, *1 76; Imnerial clusters, $2 60: dried
Grapes, 23 ft ib.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown, loose, 4%c; 3
crown. SB/ie %< ft; 2-crown. 8c » Ib: seedless sul
tanas, fti f lb: seedless Muscatels, BVic; 3-crown
London layers, $1: clusters. $1 60: Dehesa clus
ters, $ : 60: Imperial clusters. $2 50.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts,
new crop, f. o. b. shipping point, 6V2C Tfr Ib for
standard and 8c ft Ib f r softshell; new Almonds.
7c for Languedoc, for hardshell and 9@loc for
paper-shell, jobbing; I eunuts, 4@6c for 1 astern
and 4c for California: Hickory .Nuts. s@6c %t lb;
Pecans, 7 Vi©Bc: Filberts. '1 yy 3 <a 8 : Brazil Nuts,
7Vi@Bc %* Ib: Cocoanuts, $4@5 %* 100.
Ho • E * -Comb, 10@li;i^c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades; water-* hue extracted, 6@5%c:
ltsht amber extracted. 4y»<aU34c; dark amber, 4@
4Vic; darK, 2@»c * Ib
JJEKSWAX— 26(g>'27c %i lb.
; uutision^.
Business Is brisk at steady prices.
CURED MEA Bacon, 6V3C ?* lb for heavy.
7V*c fi Ib for light medium, 9(g9y 3 c 9 Ib for
light, 10@llc for extra Hjtht and lac for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12V-j@i:"!c;
California Hams, 10@llc "£ lb: Mess Beef, «7@B;
extra mess 10, $ :>o(a,9: family do. $lO($il;
ex.ra prime Pork, *8(J3» > 60; extra clear. $13 »l
bbi; mess, »ll 6o@ia ft bbl; Smo.ed Beef, 10c
ft lb.
L a ßD— Eastern tierces Is auoted at 41^p ft Ib
for compound and 6Vic for pure; pails, tic ~n Ib;
California tierces, 4*£ c for compound aud 6 Vac fur
pure; half-bb.s, 6%c; 10- lb tins, <*Vie; do 5-B>,
b'V^c ?t Jb.
COTTOLKN — 6y B a6%c In half-bbls and 6^4®
7y 8 9 Ib in 10 ib an'
llllil.s, TALLOW, WOuL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— No further change.
Trade is quiet. Heavy salted seers. 6 Vie: culls
aud brands, sVic; medium, 6%@6c; culls and
brands, 4^ta6c ft Ib: light, 4@iy 2 c; culls and
brands, BVhMtrr Cowhides, 4@6c; culls and
brands, 3V*(<S-iVic; salted Kip, sc; salted Cr.lf, 6Q
7c V- lb: suited Veal. s@tic; dry Hides, 9@loc;
culls and brands. 7@7y 2 c; dry Kip and Veal, 8c;
culls, 6i,7c f> ft; dry Lalf, 15c; culls 10c: Goat
skins. 20@S5c each: Kids, sc; Deerskins, good
summer. lU@ 5c f) Ib: medium. 15@20c; winter,
7.*-9 i-: Slirepskins. shearings, 10@i6'! each: short
wool, 20(g,35c each; medium, 4t»(asoc ehch; long
wools, sl)@6Uc euch. Culls of all kinds about a c
less.
TALLOW— No 1, rendered, 2y @3c: No. 2, 2@
2V4c; refined, 48/4 'asc: Grease, lift ft ">•
WOOL— Boain as la plcklnjt up. ibere is now a
good Inquiry mid free Fall c.ipa sell as fast as they
arrive. We quoie new Fall as follows: southern
mountain, 3<a6Vjc; middle counties free, 6y 3
6^c; do, deiecitve, 4i/4.(g,8c; ban Joaquln, c<@sc
V lb: tprias c ip: H mooiat ami M. tidoc.no, . (ai
I'ic; Nevada, t (ji.B >' 2 c : .-an J-.aquln and aouiheru
Coast, six month-!. 3Vb©sc.
HOP*—^\re nominal. The best bid for fancy la
6 y : c, with do sellers at this figure.
GtNtUA. MERCHANDISE
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 10@l 15;
San Quentin, $4 10; Wool. Bags, i!4V3@26\fcc:
Fruit Bags. syi@i-*ic.
COAL-VVei.tiiK mi, fH Q ton: New Wellington,
$8 V ton; CHJUthfield Wellinßton, $7 60 ft ton;
Seat;le, $5@5 50; Bryans, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallseud, »7: .-co;ch. $7 50: Br-mbo. $7 60;
Cumberland, $13 50 t> ton In bulk and $15 lnsKs:
Pennsvivania A braclte t.-sr, $11 ton: Welsh
Anthracite. $9: Can Del. $7 10: Rock springs. Van
t c Gate and ■ (as m Valley, $7 60; Coke, $il®
12 In uuik and *13 9 ton in sks.
CaN.nku FUUI'I S— Cherries, black or red. •£'*>
&> extra. 9- IV ■& aozen; v> lute Cherries—2Vi-lbex
: iru. $. 50. 2y -!b sumanrds, $.10 ieci..s—Yel
low. fret-, $1 i-^1 60; Ye.low, clin,'. -Vjtt> • »nd
ards. $ ; .-eco .d-, $ . Apr.Co.s. b^c@sl 05.
KK>pi.firii-s — - A /2 Ib .>ianilHr-s, 41 5. ©1 75. atraw
btrrißU—.-tauuurus $1 uO@l 76.
iA.s.\hl> Vj.ui TAB Es— Tomatoes, 80c $
dozen, 2i.- ; -lli tins. Pea-»— Sl@l 15 ft dozen.
C KFEE— Continues quiet. r'-,
* Costa Rica— l7B / i&l9r lor good to prime; 17@
17V2 lor^..od uilXe . wl.h black bean-.; 15i. 2 ld>
16 l zC .or fair: 1 (jl-lfe for common to ordinary.
.-alvador— l7B/i(?»19c tor good to prime washed;
J7@i7Va ¥lb •••«■ 'air washed; 19@iO lor good
to priDit- shell peaberr.t : li.3 4^,t>i/ 3 c lor su
pei r ii:iw..she.i : 1. 1514 cor «v .i unwasaed;
lkJ-^ al7^c for good to prime un 1 ashed peaberry.
'-ifaTlftiiff ft AMI MEXlCAN— aui4(a>^('%c noiii.
for I. nine to strictly prime washed; Ifi@2ui4c for
goo. 10 « net y good washed; 16@)8 for fair
bed; li@laVsC tor medium: i.dal'M/ 2 c for
ordinary: t?(^ilVac f'>r interior to commu..; -0
ii)"Ju:ii.c good 10 prime v ashed pea berry; 17®
17' /2 c lorsood to . rime unwashed peub> riy.
11 H — Pacific cod. >aicn of 1 96, lUJ-tti cases,
4®4*4c %* :t.. 00-tt> ounales, 4c; B,,ui- ess, b&'.<V"C:
Bl«c«.s, ..(fliTVic: uesiccated. $1 70: PhciQu Her
nu., 15c ~& 1.01; Dutch do, 90c@$l 10 r rt k<b:
Whltetilsb,«l 50 in halt-bb.s m.d *1 75 In kits;
Tonga?! and .s.»uuus, $12; Uaekerel, bbl— No. 1,
»-'i.; .no 2, 918 60; No. 3, $17; lialt-bb;s— ,\a 1,
$9:a9 60; -No. 2, *» 60(&9- Ml 3, 98 50; kits, No.
1. $1 6>>: No. 2, $1 25: No. 3, 91.
Q. 11 X -iL\ 1. X— Quoted for export at 934®
36 60 r flask.
OIL— * iiornla Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
bbl , Ojc |k r git (mauumctiirers' rules): Linseed
(ill. in bt)ls, Dolled. 4 Jc; do raw, 39c; cases, 6c
more; 1 ard Oil, txtra winter strained, bb.s, 66c:
. .'.. '. l,4Sc; cases, 60 higher; China Nut, *; 70($
5 'ft case. -•--:•;..-•>•■'■.
PKTROLEUM, GA -OLI N E, ETC.— Water-white
COM Uli. In oui., 11 JAc; Pearl Oil, in cases. 17 1 .- A c
¥ >:al; Astral, ao. lvVscVgat; star, do. 17Vic:
. xtr.i >tar Ul , in cas s. -1 Vie; Klslr.e, do, 22y 3 c;
Km .ii.-, do, 19Va< ; Deodorized Stove l^iittoliue, In
bulk, l^c; do, 111 cages, 19c; t>3 a Li<oiorize<i Naph
tha, In buik. 12c; 63° o, la cases, I?VsC; b6*
(>a>olme, 1,1 bu.k. 'i c; 86° do, in rurii ib "0 gal.
\\ lillf. Li-A D— Quoted hi tiy a c > 0).
RED LEAD— Quotable at <b\ 2 c ~f Ib.
r i UKPKN'I Id cases. 4ic; In Iron barrels,
36c: in wooden barrels. 08c "$ Ib.
CANDLK.- — Klecuic Lt«hi— o's 16oz, 7»4c: do,
14 oz. 7c; do, 12 oz, 6 i /iC; do, 10 oz, SVac. urau
ite—'a, 16 he, 914 c; uo, 14 oz, b>Ac; do, 12 z.
7«.ic; do, 10 oz, 7c Ib; Parulline Wax Candles,
Willie, etc., a.-sorud co.ors, &c; Christmas Cau
dles, 7c.
LEATHKR— Kxtra heavy Sole, 20@28c; heavy
Sole, -7c for No. 1 and 'Joe $ lb for *o. 2; medium
.-ole, <.4(928c for No. 1 ana 22c for No. 2; light
Soie, 23(g,_-ic for No. 1 and l'o(£22c V lb for >o. 2;
Jlar.i'st, heavy, 30@85c: do, me<llum, 28c: do,
ii lit, Uii.oc; Kan 11 Leather, 18{h-2jc: Klpi,
94; ■«%:■(' «* <i< ■/. Calf, 80c; Hough SpiUs, 4@sc.
SUGAR— TIie Western Wi gar K. tiinii« company
quotes, terms net cash: CtlOe and Crushed, 6%c:
Powdered, 5-"/g ; line Crusne'i, 5%c; Dry Uranu
iated, *■%<■■ Coniec. loners' A, 4*40; Magnolia A,
4»/ c; Kx.ra C, 4i^c; Goidin C, <' /a c; h*.li barrels
V^u more than barrels, and boxes Vac more.
WOOD, LUMBER, ET .
, Posts, 9@loc each: Bedvvood, $6 per cord; Oak,
rou.b, *o 50; peeled. If 9: Pine, $5 76.
TaNBARK-sl4 %4rord.
LUMBER— Re ai! prices for Pine are: No. 1,
rough, $.;-tCa i 7 60 for the different, lengths: No. 2,
$11: No. 1 Floor! 11 , ?21«t2t>: Lath, 2; Redwood,
«16 lor No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Kus.ic, »iß(g)22;
bulugies, common, $1 50; Shades, $9 ft M.
SAN FKANtikli. V^K AT MARKET.
Hogs continue plentiful and weak. The other
descriptions are unclian^e I.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock for slaugh
terers are as to lows:
BKKF— First quality, s@sVj,c; second do. 4@
4iAc; third do. 3%c ?i lb. . «•
VKAL— Large. 4,a.0c: small, P<a6c ?k lb.
MUT ON — Wethers, s@a%c; Ewes, 4%@
5c "Q Ib.
L A M a - 5 yy 2 @61/36 1/3 V 1 b.
pnHK-Llve Ho«s, 2%@28^ ■$ lb for large and
2s /H /4 c for small and medium; dressed do, 4<a
4%c V 10. . w
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOUM.
Floor, or sks 31,0061 K^-g-i doz 1356
Oregon 6-Ul Hides, n0... v"" 976
tobem.c:l* 128,074 Pelts, bd is.. .. . 432
Barley, ci 15.:.... 18.49« Wine, gals.. . 12 800
Beans, sks 6.9u0 Wool, bis . . '3 1
Oats, ctls . 425 Sugar, bbls !. 6»»0
Potatoes, sks.... 4,221 Lumber. M feet- 40
Onions. 5<5...... 329 1 .eat her. rolls 78
Jil^M 8 " 8 760 Lime, bbls. 243
Middlings, ska... 1,186 Tallow, ct15...... 193
Hay, tons... VBO Quickstlver.fistca 40
Butler, ctls 69 1 hicorr. bbis.... 58
Cheese, ct15...... 9 Hops, bi5........ 60
Not Badly Wounded.
Another story discrediting to Lee-Met
ford rifle conies from the Transvaal. A
young Boer wounded at Krue^ersdorp by
Jameson's men was laken to the hospital
with four bad Le*»-Me;fonl bullet lioics tn
body. One Sunday morning he disap
peared and the nurses thought he had be
come deiirious and hod run off to die.
Later in the day, however, he walked in
and explained that he had gone to church.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks were lower yesterday, the leaders de
clining 6c to 15c. -Business was doll as usual.
Toe Belcher delinquent sale take 3 place to-day.
Ami«Minenti rnnrltn*.
Following Is a list or assessments no* nenitnc:
■ -■•.■ j IDelinq:
Com pa nt. INa Ann. in the Bale Day.
! 1 Hoard.
Alpha Coo 17 10|Sept 3 .Hept 29
Belcher 63 25 Sept 6 .Oct li&
Sierra Nevada. 11. 25!»ept 7 .Oct 25
Bullion.: 49 10 Sept 14 .Oct 8
Crown Point 68 20Sepil8.Oct IS
Union.... 63 20iSept 25 .Oct 22
Gould Curry 79 16!Oct 'i .Oct 27
Occidental 24 • lOoct 3. Oct 29
Ophir 67 26 Oct 6 .Oct 80
Alia.. 53 1* Oct KNOT 2
Utah....: 23 06Oct ll.Nov ■ a
Yellow Jacket.. 61 25 Oct lv .Nov 20
Potosl 46 2510ct 29. N0T 24
ISO Alii) SALES.
foil owing; were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: ■' .
REOULAB MOKXISH MKSSTOX. COMMKXCIVCJ 9:30.
500 Alpha 12 100 V...1.60, 50 Ophir 86
300 8e1cher.. .47 300 C P0int... 45 60J Potosi 70
200 B & 8.....>0200 4bilOOSava« «6
3bO 811 50 G AC 1500l 500 8 Nev....«0
350 Cballtiic...4t;!:«>o Uccidu....34 400 Uni0n... .60
700 Chllar.. .1.95 350 i,..38|-0J U"-aa 06
AfTKRNOON SK-SSION— 3 -.30.
100 Alona 12 300 Cha11ge...46 500 OccldU~..S3
100...... ll:20i» Cli«ir..;i.fl6 100 .......... 35
100 Alia. 04,160 CC&V..I.&& 100 P0t051....69
200 Andes. 2:> : loi> Conn ...1.25 100 70
16» Blcner... -46:600 Crwn Pt.. 45200 fcsnv 46
160 48400 O AC... 41 200 -4.7
101) <t«.... 79|100 HdtN.. .1.31! 30 3 Nev....00
200 80300 Mex......45 3SO Uni0n. ...49
200 .. 81 301) Ophir 83 60 .:..-. .....60
200 8u11i0n.... _____
Following were tne sates in the Fa flc Stock
Board yesterday:
BBorrLAB stowiov— 10:3 a
100 Alpha... .131 400 CO* V.. 1.6') 100 Gccd 86
800 12%!2OO 1% 100 36
200 Alta 06 20J C Imp ....OiBOO 33
400 Andes.. .-26 4*o O P01nt_..45 1200 6'i
200 Blchr 47 100 Excnqr.. .04 .100 overman. la
210 48 200 OdkC. ..^4J 70J P0t05t....70
30J K<t8......80i > 60 41 200 71
800 8u11i0n.... 17 .'OO 4;- 400 Save .. .46
200 16600 4-1 400 ScorpVon_o7
200 Caleda 1. 250 H4JN...1.3: >00 b8«t51....07
30J Cha11ge...47 .100 Justice. ...0: 100 3 Ny 60
200 Choir... 2. U 100 Kentuck..('< ,01) Union 50
100 ~1.97% 100 Alex. ..-..-4. (00 Utah 06
600 l.». -JOi) 0phir.... .8: iOO V Jc»l-..,29
50 Conn. l.i
AFTKRNOOII- SESSION'— 2:30.
Son Aloha lli3oU Cba1ng....46 400 Occd 35
200 ..12 15U Ch0ir.. .1.95 -00 — ...86
200 Andes 25 10J CCV....1. 601200 Ovrmn....
300 Belcner. M .47|400 C P0int. ...45 300 Poio»l.. 69
200 BAB O & C...43i100 70
" (y 8.-. 400 .42 200Sav. 46
100 1'.0d1e.....69150 HAN. 1.35 .200 HNt 59
300 8u11i0n.... 16 JOO Mxcn 45 200 Union C.,.6,1
100 Bnlwer...oßloo Mono 16 300 X Jao*et..*7
200 Caled •11 200 Oohir .83
CXOSIXU QUOTATIONS.
. .' TUESDAY. Sept. 29-4 T. if.
Bld.Atktd.\ BliUAikfA.
AlpTr*Con. ... 11 12 Jackson 25 40
Alta. „ 04 05|JolIa — 05
Andes. 25 2tf Justice! '.'.". "... 04 06
Belcher ' 46 48 l Kentuck. 06 C 6
Best <£ Belcher "80 821 ljidy Wash.. — 04
BenionCon.... — Mexican '.. 4b 47
80die .......... 69 60 Mono 15 16
Bullion '16 17 Nevada Queen. — 04
Buiwer.. ...87 38 Occidental..... 85 36
Caledonia..... 10 lliuplilr 82 84
Chollar. 1.95 . 2.00 Overman- 12 13 i
Con. Cal&Va... 1.55 1.60 Potosi. ..68 70
Challenge Con. 47 48 >avage! 48 48
Con. Imperial. Vi ■. 03 5c0rpi0n........ — \lu
Confidence.... 1.25 30iseg. Belcher... 07 08
Con New York — 04 •■syndicate ..... 08 • —
Crown Point... 46 4tsi>llver Hi 11.... — 08
EautSierraNev — 14 -terra Nevada 60 61
fcurekaCon... 25 —L'nlou Coo 49 60
Exchequer .... —\, 04 tali 05 ■ C 6
boulu i£ Curry. 43 4S » ellow Jacket 28 29
Jaui«.<StNorcr».l.3o 1.35
GOLD JIlM.Nvi KXOHAXOB.
Champion.!.... 1 Princess.
Bid 17 00 Asked 70
Asked 2150 Providence....;
Edna | Asked 80 00
Asked - 36 100 Savannah 47
t.ranu... I'tiorp*
AsKed 25 Bid 65
Keystone Asked _ 80
Bid 65 00 6OChollar 200
Kennedy 60 „ 195
Eld 35- 50 Con Virginia... 160
Asked 6SO 100 Hale <fc Norcrs. 135
100 Lockwood Con. 1H
I>OTAI- SCCDBtTIKS.
Bid Spring Valley Water.." m 97 00
Arked Spring Valley Water 98 to
Bid San i-'rauctsco oas 93 00
Asked ban Jb ranclsco Gas 93 50
&TOCK. AKl> BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESUAY, sept. 29-2 T. m.
'. rSITID STATES BONOS.
Jlirf. Atke<L BUt. Atked.
C 8 4s coup.. 106 — US4sreg... — lu7»i
Do new u«uell6S4 —
»• :- ■ •LL*NKf»tT^t, n%
Cal-ntCW'S^ io»j^ — V nucßoll m _
Cat ElecLSll2U - Do 2d it 6* . _ _ :
CniraC'Ws» — 87 Vj|l * O Xt «». — 115
Dpnt-stox-co — 871/4; i'<tCh By tJr — 107^
hdsnLAP6sl2o - lv 1-st RUB I — 113
l*Uli;n6i - 104 Keno, WI4L — 106
C>eary-siHst. — 107Vjl:-acto PA U. — JOaiA
losAns-Ldi. — 100 IM'iNPRSs. 98 99V*
I>ot>ateedß< — 101 MKKAnzJ* — 9&Vi
Mkt-stCble6sllß 119^>PKRCalii*. — 110 i.«
Dolly con 103 — ;M'KKCa: — 100
NatVln6slMt 96 — ItPBrRCalS* 97 99Vs
XevCNpß7*. 95 — SVWater6s.. 116S/ »17V 4
N PCRKBI lO'Ji* - tVWaterts.. 9"v 88
NRy Caldj. us 3/43 /4 - StktnG&Etli — "100
NBy Cat ss. — 100 suus.T&Tttj. — —
O»kUMss..ll)o 104V2 >,u.tei-»ttlJ4. 108 109y 3
1.0 *1 Ij 6*..lo2^iloiiß/. Vui»ai«\VC** — -•
UlliUil/Ud 0..11bS 4 120 I
■*"•« RTrc-K-v
Contra Costa 82i^ — ISan J0«. ..., — _
Maria C 0... Ml — |s,,rn< Valley 97 8714
«>5 67OrKS.
Capital — 30 Pacific Llxht 49i,i —
Central- 9% — ISau JKrancsco 92 83V%
Ua. OL4 ii 52V4 62S4 i *IOCJUOU..... - «U
I'm oasluip. b4 66 |
INSURANCK ■TO'-KI.
Flreman'sPdlSO — |.Snn 25 50
roMMKRCIAL HANK ""To-K^.
AtnerßATU - — Londonl\fcA.l24lAl2slA
Anzlo-Ca1.... 60 68 J ondoniai?. — 271/,
l!aukofCal..2-J5 233 Merch Kx... 18 —^
cal » D<feTColo7%liJ9B,i Nevada — —
luaiba.uiut. — ibO jsamerßOo. -* —
f'VINM BANK «TOTKI.
HerPALCo.I2OO 1260 l^av* Loan.. _ 100
HumbH&L.lloo — Security- — 87»
Mutual. — 4tt t'uiouXruat.7sa —
btbavUnioa — 480 |
California.... 105 IC9 lOntc BtiAHar — 100
Ueary-su — SO Presidio • —
ftuukei-»u... 42 42% Sutter-st — —
TOW^rat PTOCKI.
Atlantic n... 15 — GlantCon.... 17J,4'l8iA
Eastern D... 70 — - Judson i/.._ — ■ —
Calltoruu.... 65 75 IVitsOrit. — * 900
nenuimn STOCKS
Al»nlcf» Plerr 95% 97% Nat Vln Co _ _
BlkOCoaiCo. — 10 1 Oceanic SSCo 16% 20
Cal Cot MUI» - - Pac Aux V A I —
Edison Llshtllß%H9Vil'acßoraxea. 98 100
UaiConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Her Lead Co. «0 100 Part Pa.nt.CO 6% 7V.
HawlVfesco.. 141/4 14s,i PacTr^nsCo. — 24
notch rtl'Co 19% IB»/« PacT<fcTCo. 70 —
Assn. 100 110 Sunset TAT. 41 —
A: ti»c Ut n. 3 4 V a United C Oil. — 26
BALES— MORNINU SESSION.
Bnar>i—
6 Pacific Oas Imp 85 00
90 (JosiUhi ....:... 93 00
200 SV Water 87 25
SALtB-ArTUNDOK Utllal
Board—
60 S V Water 87 25
Street—
30 Oakland 0a5.......................... 62 50
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Walter E. and Emma H. Brown to Charles H.
Huffman, lot on W line of Buchanan street, 137 :6
N of Broadway, N 26:6 by W 91:6; $10.
James and i-.Hen E. Moore to Frank D. Monck
ton. lot.on F line of Baker street, 140 N of Jack
son, N 27:514 by X 110; $10.
. Stephen A. and Jlary L. Born to Anna E. Kava
nagh, lot on S line of (-olden date avenue '148:101/.
W r,f Baker stiee'. W2sby 8 157:6; *10. "
Emma J. Batielle (formerly -Laws) to Richard
Tidi:>,lot on N line of Urove street, 166:3 \V of
L>on, W 25 by N 137:6: $10.
Isaac Jessup to Kmanuel Lewis, lot on N line of
Twenty-second street. 1.03:7 W of Church. W
60:11 by N 114: »10.
Thomas Sexion to Mary Sexton, lot on NX cor
ner ot Sixteenth and ;-anchez Htr etc N 9-714
E95, N 63, E25,8 109:7 i/ 4 . W 120: also lot 011
W line of Sharon street. 209:7*4 N of Sixteenth,
N 35 by W I^6: also lot 0.1 W line of Diamond
etreet, 147:6 N of Twenty-first, N 26 by W 125
-glf . - -
Thom«a and Johanna HMlahan and Robert
Bergfeld (by C. E. Hatch, commissioner) to Rob
ert Be gfeld, lot on W line of Diamond street 89
S of 1 weniy-fourth, b 25 by W 100, 63,333;
91826. .
.-Hrah Brady to Martin O'Reilly, lot on N line of
Jackson street, 53:6 Wof Powell, N 36 by W 30:
Patrick J. and Ellen McDonald to Timothy P.
Riordan, beginning 60 feet E from W line of 50
-varulot 62 1 and 67:6 8 of Broadway, 20 by W
60 (lot on' \V line of Salmon all«y, 67 Bof Broad
way, 8 20 by W 60): $10.
bame to Mime, lot on NX line of Twenty-fifth
street, NW of Tthama, : W 25 by NE 80: *10.
I. and Bertha 1 ohnrelch to Gustav Brenner, lot
on R line of : Thlr.y-seventh avenue, 100 aof C
street, B 200 by X 120: 10. -
Louis and lose Llpnian to James H. and Mar
garet Donohue, lot on X line or 1 welfib avenue,
250 N of I s reel. N 25 by Is 120; $10
Solomon and Dora i.eti to Neaie Flaherty, lot on
S line of X street. 67:6 X of Thirtieth avenue, E
25 by 8 iOO; 910.
Elese Jane 1 ennent to Solomon' Gets,' lot on X
line c.f For.ieth avenue, 176 N of T street, N 75 by
ISO; $10. .-■ • :■•■-. - ; ■
Patrick J. and Ellen McDonald to Tlmothv P.
I'.lor.iaci, lot on N line of Randolph street, luO W
of Hr ht, E 100 by N li'O. lots 1 to 4. block 40,
City Laud Association; $10. 1 ÜBi fflij JHwi
Same to same, 10. on s line or Farrallones street,
276 Kof Marengo, f. 25 by >* 125. lot 14, block X,
Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
Amelia L. and W. U. Worden to Henry ; Hart
man, lots 182, 184. 188 and 188, Holiday Map A:
$2000
Emma and Milburn Graham to Mary A. and
George W. Haskeli, lot on NW line of Miguel
street. 200 NE of Mount Vernon avenue, NX 80
by NW 103:6, lots 6v and 63, S«in Miguel Home
stpad Asso. .; $10.
D. V. B. Henarle to Kate C. Daly, lot on X cor
ner of henery and San Mateo streets, NE 25 by
SK 100, being lot 17, Henarlo subdivision of bloc k
9, Falrmount Tract; $700.
James F. Rock, to Eiiz.ibeth Rock, rerecord of
1707 d. 88, lot on NW Hi. of Telegraph street or
county roait. 81 NE of Ottawa avenue. NW 234,
NE 80, SE 220, SW 81. lot 14, block 2, West End
Map 1; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Mary E. Ryan wl;h William and Henry White,
to erect a two-story buildi g on E line of Guerrero
street, 235 S of Nineteenth; W. 11. Little, archi
tect; «2720.
A Storyette.
Mr. and Mrs. John Smith did not live
happily together. He was a pretty fair
average husband and got along pretty
well with her when she let him. She did
not get along so well with him aud oft
times let him Know it after the manner
of her kind. But tne trod ten worm will
turn. Time, the great leveler and evener
up of ail things, brought the occasion.
Her tombstone, erected by th- bereaved
husband, has inscribed upon it, after
the customary birth and death announce
ments, the scrintural quotation: "There
remaineth therefore a rest unto the peo
ple of God."— Judge.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1896.
In.
Mo.
Tu.
W. Th. ft. Sa.
2 3 4 6/
Moon's Phase:
©New Mood
iS/ SapL 7.
1
6 /33k Kew Mood
09 S«pu7.
7
8
•
10
11
I 12 /-"!\Flrs: Quart
N*' Bepu 13.
I
v
14
15
16 17 18 19 -cx F U ii Moon.
v£? Sept. 21.
23 24 26 2« — —
/T^Laat Quarter.
Sept. 29.
SO
i i
20
31
22
27
28
29
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dat«« of Departure From San FrnncUco-
BTrtAMKR j I>K«TI NATION. |
HAILS,
| PIKK.
Corona
Stale ot Cal.
Doric
Hunol
Pomona....
City Puebla
Knreka
Arago
Trucnee
banta Rosa.
Weeott
Columbia...
Empire
>ara:ion. ...
Coos Bay
WallaWaila
Arrata.. ..
nan Die^o..:.. SeptSO.llAb Pier L I
Portland septao.lUAM Pier at
China & Japan -eptSO, Spm P M 8 8
(Jrays riarDor Sept SO, la m Pier 'i
Hnmboldtßay sept3O, am Pier 9
Vlc A Pgt Snd Oct 1, Pah Pier 9
Newport ...... Oct. 2, »am Pier 1 1
Coos Bay. Oct, 3.10 am Her U
Coos Bay Oct 3, 2pm Pier 8
San Diego..,.. (Jet 4.11 am I Pier U
eel Hirer Oct 4. 6pm Pier
Portland Oct. 6,10 am ! Pier
Oregon ports. . Oct 6, 6pm i Pier
Yaqulna Bay. Oct 0. 9am Pier i
Newport Oct 6, Cam Pier 11
Vlo<tFctßno Oct 6. Sam Pler»
' >rfgon ports.. ■ Oct 71' am I Pl»-r24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
i
r'Bon
DDK
Knrelca. Newport. .- .'.. ..Sept 30
Progressist..... Departure Bay Sept 30
Aiaxo Coo i Bay >-ept 30
Aztec Honolulu Sept 80
Newst>OT Tiliarnoolc . ..Oct 1
Mackinaw Tacoma ....„ Oct 1
Truclcee Coos Bay Oct 1
San Bias Panama Oct 1
Colombia Portland Oct 2
Santa Kosa Ban Die«o _ Oct 2
Emplrb ...... Portland Oct 2
Wai la Walla... Victoria «S Sound .Oct 'i
China .... China and Japan. Oct 2
Karklioa Yaqulna Way ..Oct 3
Wetott Kel River Oct 3
Proereso.. Seattle Oct 8
Willamette eattte Oct 3
Pomona Humboldt Bay. net 3
Coos Bay Newport Oct 4
Arcata Portland Oct 4
Ailceßlanchard Oregon ports Oct 5
North Font HumboUU Bay Oct 6
Corona. Kan Diego... Oct 6
Cr»sc«»nt «'ltv. IC--eacPT City.. .-.oct 6
SUN,MONN AND TIDE
V. P. Coast akd Geodetic Bubvkt Tibk^
Bulletin Pttbi.:»hkd by Official >
Authority of the SCPKBISTK>DKVT. )
Wedneud.-. September 30
San rises 6.05] Moon rises 11.40rv
Sun sets 6. 54 i Moon sets
Sfptf-mber-1896.
j r'"'" Fwi '-" Feel M "" > Fe«i Tlm " Foot
~|H W I. W H » L, W
30 7.60
L W
] 0.42
•2 1.38
3 2.28
4 3.14
6 4.08
6] 4.44 1
4.S 11. -4 ~
v \v
0.5 R3O
0.4 8.59
0.4 9.27
0.6 9.56
0.8 10.J1
1.1 10.58
3.« Em* ~
L W
4.7 12.48
6.0 1.58
6.2 > ft»
0.- 343
5.7 4.51
6.8 510
6.0 |
H W
3.5 6.40 6.2
3.0 7.55 5.3
2.4 9.00 5.5
1.7 >».55 5.6
1.0 10.4H 5.8
0.5i11. 45! 6.7
.Note— In the above exposition of the tides the
•»rly morning tides ant Riven In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a? to time. The second time
column Rives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and toe last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ecurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh;, and then the number given Is subtractiva
from the depth given by • he charm- :
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hyubosraphic OyFicrK, TJ. 8. N., ■»
Mebcrants' Exchanor V
Sax Fbancisco. September 29. 1896. )
The time ball on lelegranh Hill wan droppel
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon of the l'JOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m.. Greenwich time.
J. T. McMillan,
As*lfitant. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ATrlved.
TUESDAY, September 29.
stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, 10 hours from
Moss Landing: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins <fc Co.
simr Pomona. Doran. 17 noun from KureKa:
pass and indue, to Goodall, Perkins <ft Co.
Br ship Jane Burrill. Kotilnson. 101 days from
Melbourne; ballast, o Williams, Dlmond &Ca
Ital s lp salvatore C'.atnia, cocur «110. 64 days
from Xeweas le, NSW; coal, to J J Moore & Co.
Br ship Pegasus. Moulton, 127 days from Swan
sea: 3603 tons coal, to E C Evans.
Krsli:p Pon Caledonia. Anton, 65 days from
Newcastle, NSW; M 22 tons coal, to J J Moore <fc
Co.
Glory of the Seas, Freeman. 10 days from
Departure Bay; 3400 tons coal, to R Dunsmulr<&
Sons.
Bark S C Allen. Thompson. 22 days from Hono
lulu: sucar. to \\ clch <& Co.
Bark Gntiicrer, Nervlck, 23 days from Prince
wuiiiini Sound: 40,000 cs w'.inon, to Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Br bark Invermark. Philip, 73 days from Syd
ney; .'3^7 tons coal, to Balfour, Guturl ■ <fc Co
Bark Gen Falrcliiid, Rrannan. Hdaysfrom Seat
tle; '^4-«r> tons coal, to John Ko^nfeld'a Sons.
Schr Newark Beck. -48 nours from Bowens
Lan'ilng, 155 M ft lumber, to F Heywood.
•S( hr Maweema, SmUh, 7Vi days froui Port Had
lock: 565 Mft inmD-r. to \V J Adams.
Schr Ralph J Long, Anderson, 3 days from Usal:
75 cis ba k. to h<-a 1 c A Ca
Schr Ottillie Fjord, Segethorst, — days from
Grays Hurbor; lumber, to W ilson Bros 16. Co.
Schr Gen Siglin, Thoruas, I 8 days from Kodiak;
29 bdls 13 CS Jurs, to North American Commercial
Co.
Schr Ocean Spray, Basmnssfn. 55 hours from
Iversens Landing: 75 c<ls wood, to N Iversen.
Schr Al' en Meyer, Marshall, 12 days from Seat
tle: lumber, to A A Baxter.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen, 24 hours from
Devi.bNs I an Ing; 160 ids o^rx. to J 8 Kimball.
tjchr Bessie K. Anderson, 26 hours from West
port; lib eds bark, to J S Klmba L
Clenr<»rt.
TIKSDA V, September 29.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen. Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
Stmr state of California, Green, Astoria: Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Brship Wynn-tay. Mcßryde. Queenstown; Bal
four, Guturi <t Co.
Brsiilp Port Douglas. Trask, Queenstown-. G W
Me Near.
Burit Annie Johnsoa Maison. Hilo; J D Spreck
els ct BrosC>.
i.rlK J 1) Christiansen, Mahukona: J
D sprecke s & Bios Co.
scur Aloha, Dibel, Honolulu; Williams, Dl
mond A Co.
.Sailed.
TUESDAY. September 29.
TJ S stmr Thetis. Seabnry, San Diego.
Ktmrniper. inland. Santa eras,
Stmr Rival, Johnson. CrrscentClty.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett; Ventura,
strar Alcatras. Wa vi?, coos Bay. .
Stmr Lacuna, Peterson.
btmr Scotia. ..oluison.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen
ship Mnskoka, Crowe. Queenstown.
Ship Invincible. ClippetfleH. Port Blakeley,
Bark .Mercury, Colby,, Port Blakoiey.
Sciir Norman snnue. v ck, fining cruise,
bchr Nettie Low. Low. fotnt ;.'ve*
Schr Christina Steffens, Nordllng
lel*»grupliic.
POINT LOBOS. Sent. V 9-10 p. Weather
fog»y. wind W; velocity 16 miles.
Charters.
The Brship Dm m rock «a? chartered prior to
arrival or wheat an 1 mdse o Liverpoo . -Hs 3d.
The <»chr R \V Bartleit loads ral:ro»d ties at tais
port ior Guaymas.
s pokeu.
Per Br ship Port Cale onia— Sept 20 passed bktn
Retriever, from >anta Ro<ai a. for P-.ri Hudiock
Sept H - Lat 22 t>, lo:m 41 W, ship May illat
from New Yor^. lor San Franclsca
I>um«-ti.-. 1» r »
REDONDO— SaiIed Sep 29— Stmr Protection.*
POKT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved S«Dt a9-Si ur
Protection, irom Kedondo.
Fl--H ROC K-sailed bept 29— Schr Mary Etta.
tor ban Francisco.
ALBION-Sailed Sept 29— "5tmr Cleone, for San
F M?mEGO- Arrived Sept 29-Schr Lo tie Car-
S °AST^K .^Arrived Sept 29-Br ship Melange.
fr^l^B*p? e J9-Stmrs Arcata and Empire, for
F Exarw3b» - Arrived Sept .9-Stmr
< L^-A^ed e | eP f29-Schr Vo.ante. fm
J aatTed sept 29-Stmr Frogreso, for tan Fran-
CI PORT A NOBLES- Arrived Sept 25- Br ship
Keiat, from Mauritius. Ol _, «■•»»]
YAQUINA B a V- Arrived -ept29-Stmr Faral
lon. hence Sent i.5, Via Eureka. _
COOSBAY-saliedSep. l'9-Schr Gotama, for
San Francisco: stmr Arago, :or San Francisco.
East.m Port*.
NKW YORK- Arrived sept 28-Sbip Dirigo, fm
Honolulu.
Foreign Porti.
CALHO-Arrived Sept 22-Br bark Pass of
Kiili-. rankle, fn>m Pisco. Sept 2<-Br stmr
Mra hgarry, hence Sept 2. for St Vincent.
JO^E DE UUATKMALA-Arrlved Sept
21-llaw stmr san Mateo. hence Sept 8.
VALPARAiSO-Inport ang 3— Br ship Mont
gomeryshire, for San Francisco ; Brship Senator,
ior Ro al Roads; ship Louis Walsh, lor Port
Townaend.
YOKOHAMA-Arrived Sept 26-Br stmr Olyna
pia. from 1 acoma. Sept 27— Br stmr impress Of
Cnina, from Vancouver
FA LMOUTH- 'ailed Sept 28— Br bark Ronten
beck, tor Honolulu.
KUCHINOTZU— -ailed Sept 26— Br stmr Wen
nltiKton Hall, for SaD Fr«nclsco.
SHIELDS— SaiIeJ Sept 27— Ital bark Casabona.
for -^an Francisco, and not as previously reported.
VICTORIA— Arr v~d sept 28-Br oark Vlllalla,
from Newcastle, NSW.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Sept 21— Brk Alex
McNeil, from Victoria. Sept 17— Bark Melrose,
from K~.qu.malt.
TIEN TsiN- Sailed Ang 29— Bark Hesper, for
Tort Townsend.
Slovemrnts of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sent 29— Stmr state of
California, from Glasgow and Movllle: aimr Saale,
from Bremen and Cherbourg stmr Circassla. trra
Glasgow and Movllle; stmr Ems. from Genoa.
called Svpt 29— 1 ur Auraula, for Liverpool:
stmr Latin, for Bremen.
GLASGOW - Am.-.- I out Sept 29— Stmr s State
of Nebraska and Ethiopia.
SOUTHAMPTON-salled Sept 29-Stmr New
York. :or New York.
STETTIN— SaiIed Sept 29— Stmr Venetia, for
New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Sept 29— Stmr Obdam, from
New \ork. for Rotterdam.
BROWHKAD— Passed Sept 2»— Stmr Majestic,
from New York, or Liverpool.
ISLE OF WIOHT-Passed Sept 29— Stmr Rot
terdam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
Imimrtii'lorn.
BLANCO-Per Santa Cruz- 549 sks barley.
Salinas— 2l7 sks potatoes, 900 sks barley, 647
sks chevalier balev.
Moro C0j0— 579 sks potatoes, 480 sks barley, 626
sks chevalier ba ley.
Moss Landing— lo46 sks barley.
Monterev— iOO" sks barley.
E'JRKKA — Per Pomona— 66 pkga mdse, 18 rolls
leather, 920,725 shim;, is. *IV-> bxs 2 tubs butter.
40 M shades, 10 sks potatoes 2 coops chickens, o7
ska pnas, 2000 ft lumber, 2 bbls mineral water, 6
Ddis uKins, 6 pkgs express, 1 sk coin.
E R and E R K— 2B Dzs butter.
ConHieneen.
Per Santa Craz-H Dutard; Jonas Erl anger <St
Co: Balfour, Guthrte & Co: SP Milling Co; Thos
vVatson. v W McNear; Frederickson A Jacob
son.
Per Pomona— Amer Press Assn; A Galll Frnit Co;
Brown 4 Adams; Brlgbam, HopDe <fc Co: AFaye;
A Crocker <fe Bios; Anspacher Bros: C sharp: J R
H niry: Dairymen's Union; C X Whitney <J5 Co: C
Doscher; Dodge. Sweenev <fe Co; Getz Bros & Co:
Raker<& Hamilton: F B Hatgtit: Ross & Hewlett;
W B Sumner&Co: Hllmer, Bredhoff & Schulz; H
Ferguson; Kowalsky <ft Co: Standard ull Co : B SI
Atchison; Enterprise Brewery: Schweitzer <fc Co;
Marshall, Teggart <fc Co Humboldt Ail leml Water
Co; Wieland Brewing Co: Wltzel & Baker; Kansas
Cty R R; Wheaton, Breon &Co: United States
Brewery: Russ, Sanders & Co: Kowalsky A Co ; F
A Merchant Wells, Fargo * Co; Hills Bros; Nor
ton, Teller <fc Co
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSeiP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY A-—
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: &£&s{
For Mar Island, l.orinit, Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
llsrmo and Sitka (Alasna), at 9 A. v., Oct. 11 36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W atcom (Beilln-ham Bay. Wash.), 9a. m.
Oct. 1, 6,11, 16, 21, 26, 31, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P R,
R., atTa<oma wl b N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
>. Hy., at Port Townsend with A'aska steamers.
For I ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
bold Bar), str. Pomona 2 r. it., <>ct. 4 8 12, 18,
1 20, 24. 18. and every fonrtta day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cayucoa.
j Port Harford (San 1 uls Oblspo), G»vlota, Santa
j Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, s>an Pedro. East <aa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. ic.
Oct. 2, 6. 10, 14, la 22, 26, SO. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For -*an Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San .Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, fort Los An-
feles, Redondo (Los Anselea) and Newport. 11
a. v. Oct. 4. 8, 12, 16, 20. 24, 28. and every fourth
day thereafter. . a
I For j- nsenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazallan, La
I Par and Quaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. K. 25th of each month. >
The Company reserves right to change steamer!
or saUing dates. Ticket office-Palace Hotel, 4
; New Montgomery street. *
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
j ; 10 Market St.. San F*tnclscq
THEO. CO.
DISPATCH FAaT STEAMERS TO
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
"R 1 A T?"R!I"* 13 Flnt-«la«i X Including
X! rVXI/J^lsa Second-class /berth A meala
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
; Columbia.... Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 15
State of California 20, 30, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
: Eastern points. Rates and foiderj upon applca-
I tloa to
F. P. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PEBKINB A CO., Superintendent*
OCEANIC S.SrCO7~~/\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, |Lk HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, MB ay
AUSTRALIA. %J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
{ S. H. MARiPuSA sails Via HONOLULU cad
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, October
16. at 2 P. M.
a s. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day , October 20. a; 1 0 a. m. Special party rctes.
LInetoCOOLUARDIE, AnsU, and CAPETOWN
touth Africa.
J. D. SsPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents,
11 • Montgomery street.
I Freight Office. 327 Market su, San Francisco.
COfIPAGSIE GENERAL TRAHSATL AS
French Line to Havr».
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH jPr*TK
V' Klver, foot of Morton st. Ira velars by PitCtJ*>
this line avoid both transit by English railway 7
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK 10 Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
iirst-cl: $16'; second-class, $116. "
LA CHAMPAGNE ;. Oct. 10, 3 a. K.
La TOITRAINK Oct. 17. 6a. *.
LABOUBUOBNE Oct. 24 1 p. jr.
LA GASCOGNE ". Oct. 31,6 a. JC.
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 7, 1 p. it
tfOT box further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
Na 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <fc CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco,
WHITE STAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
■ BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVEKI in-IOK,
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- j&em
' ins; to steamer and accommodations 4£3Sl
selected; second cabin, 9 and*4 0; Maj.M.ic
an 1 Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General < ffice of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. H.ETCHKK, ■
Genera Ae«'n- io- p ic;;<- <n a V.
ROYAL MAIL STEA3I PACKET COlPAif.
CTKAMKHS LEAVE ' ASPINWALL , >^r»_ '
iC* fortnightly for the West Indies and
Southampton, calling en route at C^'rbourKh,
France, and Plymouth to land passen^-vs. •
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacilic Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight aid treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg Southampton. First class, $195: third
class, *97 50. For further part icvilara apply to
PARROTT & CO., AnentV
" 308 California st.
I STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington <*♦
Road ireight. X " r * ie » on Vallej
SXKAIIJJUv
T. C. Walker, J h t>^*
MaryUarratt, Cltvo?t ♦"*",•
•le. u .uo U e -vlain .SQS. Cat "k Jy o !.^?.^.^
SASI^ATOOTOYALLEJO
I AND MARK ISLAND NAVY TART)
. ST KAM EX 'MONTI Cbllo-
Mlssion-stree Pier 2. Telephone 261 B act
Leaves San Francis o Daily . u\-tn «
Leaves Valleio 1ia11y. ........ a-'iw » x
•- • ' Suudavs i ..eluded. •°° P
Gives four hours at Navy Yard.
- •'■•'---■■ HATCH BROS.
T "';V * KU ALVfs « LKAVV IMKi' 1 DVLT
QTf.AMEIt ALVISO LKAVK PI 1.-. « 1 'i» t r -
Banta CUura su, sian Jose, , * er ?■. " u . w *HIS CHARACTER
IS IN HIS WILL
The Late I)r. E. H. Pardee's
Testament Filed for
Probate.
Provision Made Against Any
Attempt to Alter Decedent's
Wishes.
ALL ABSOLVED FROM SECRECY
Ample Provision Is Made for the
Widow, Son and Daughter of
the Deceased.
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 29. !
The will of the late Dr. E. H. Pardee,
which was filed for probate to-day, is typi
cal of the man vrho made it. Concise as
to details, clear as to language ana intent,
absolutely without any secrecy &nd with
a clause that it is hoped will make a con
test improbable the document is a reflex
of the character of the dead citizen.
The estate is valued at about $350,000 and
each parcel of realty and the personal
estate is accurately described.
The property left to the widow com
prises the Arcata House, valued at $75,000,
and a home tout is to be pmronased for
her at a price not to exceed $10, I XX).
Miss Nellie Pardee is given the Pardee
House on Telegraph avenue, worth $60,
-000; a lot on San Pablo avenue, valued at
$2500, and the balance of the estate is left
to Dr. G. C. Pardee.
The first clause in the long Trill is as fol
lows:
All the estate of every kind and nature, real,
personal and mixed, of which I urn seized and
possessed or to which I may be in any way en
titled, is my separate properly, nearly all j
thereof having been acquireii by me before
my marriage with my wile, E. 3. Pardee, and
the remninder is the income acd proceeds de
rived since my said marriage :roni the prop
erty I theretofore had.
In order to make a contest improbable
the decedent says:
If any one or more of the persons mentioned
and reierred to in this my will contests or
enters into litigation with respect to my will
or any provisions of the same, or if any court
attempts to vacate or set eside the provisions
thereof, or any of them, eithir directly or in
directly, then and in that case, all the pro
visions of this my will in favor of the person
or persons making such litigsrion thall be re
voked, annulled and set aside, and such per
son or persons shall take no part or portion of
the said property or estate; and as to any
legacies which may have been provided for or
given to such person or persons, the same shall j
be treated as lapsed legacies.
The late Dr. Pardee evidently had noth
ing to keep from the public regarding his
long and useful life, for he absolves all
physicians and attorneys from the embargo
of confidence by the foliowinc clause:
I hereby order and direct that all physicians
who have attended or may attend me at any
time as such physicians, and all attornevs-at
law with whom i have consulted or may con
sult about my business affairs or about my will
and testament, shall have the right, and 1
hereby direct them and each 0/ tioin, 10 tes
tify as to any matter or tbiug which they may j
know in reference to me or my property or j
affairs, or as to my mental condition. And 1 1
hereby absolve them aud each of them from
all restrictions as to privileged communica
tions or relations, and they and each of them \
may freely speak and testily fully without t
reservation.
The will consists of ten sheets, three of !
wnich are a coiiicii providing for the home i
for the widow and daughter. George j
Cooper Pardee, Timothy Guy Phelps and !
E. B. Mastick are named as executors.
There are several small legacies ieft to
acquaintances and relatives as follows:
To his sister, Jane, $1000; to his brother,
Joel, $500; to Gilbert B. Pardee, $500; to j
Coraine Rounds, $500; 10 Henry fardee '<
$500; to Gilbert Henry, $500; to H."E. Henry, i
$500; to Malvine Henry, $500; to Elizabeth j
.buttenvorth, $500; to Hanna Lansdaie. $500;
to C. L. Pardee, $1000; to Andrew Pardee,
$500; to Lucy Pardee (wife of C. L. Pardee),
$250; to Mrs. Barnum (wife of Gorman Bar
-11 urn), $250.
The widow and son are directed to pay
decedent's brother, WilJiam, $100 each '
every November.
WANTED HIS-LITTLE GIRL
Police Called to Prevent a Father
From Taking a Child
From Home.
The Assessor R. ducts the Value of
City Property About One
Million Dol ars.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 29.— The police
were called last evening to assist in taking
the 3-year-old daughter of W. L._ Busk
from him. It is said that he was attempt
ing to kidnap her. The trouble took place
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. P. Per
rine, 2138 Alameda avenue, where the
child has been residing with her mother,
who is divorced from her husband and
has the custody of the child.
At the time the divorce was granted
Mrs. Busk was given the child, but her
father was allowed to visit her but not to
take her away from home. When papa
called yesterday he attempted to take the
p;irl away. She cried out for her mother
and a crowd gathered. An officer ap
peared and notified him to leave. A guard
was placed around the house during the
night, but no further trouble arose.
Much I»e»« Than Last Tear.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 29.— The total
acreage of this city is 60*6.77 acres, accord
ing to the City Assessor, who has just
completed his books, showing the assess
able property of the city. This property
is valued at $905, 775. The improvements
on the same are placed at $283,939. Total
value of city lots, $5,687,375; improve
ments thereon, $4,093,675. Valuation of
mortgages in Alameda, $3,292,600. Valu
ation of personal property charged to real
estate, $751,700- Value of personal prop
erty, as collected by the City Assessor
$267,115. Total assessed value of all prop
erty, real and personal, in the city, $11 .
972,079, or about $1,000,000 less than last
year.
Died of Pneumonia.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 29.— At an
early hour this morning occurred the
death of Thomas E. Brennan, from pneu
monia. He was a member of Bpruce
Camp No. 132, Woodmen of the World,
Pawnee Tribe oi Red Men, and outside
manager of George Clark & Co. of San
Francisco, and had been a citizen of this
place Jor the past six years.
He leaves a widow and two children.
The fnneral will he held Thursday morn
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment will take
place in Laurel Hill Cemetery, San Fran
cisco, uuder the auspices of the Wood
men. \
To Perform an Operation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 29.— 0tt0 Schro
der, the young man who fell from tbe
swinging staging ten dayu ago and broke
his back, was removed to the German \
Hospital, San Francisco, to-day, where a I
very delicate operation is to be "performed i
as soon as he is able to stand it. He has
suttere.l intensely during the interval, and .
nt times his life hns b-en despaired of. !
ibe doctors say that ii he is able to pull
through the operation he will recover.
Enouch of Their Own.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 29.— The appli
cation of Peter Penita, a scavenger, 'or
permission to dump garbage in the marsh
along Webster street was not acted upon,
from the fact that this place is the one
designated by the Trustees' for that pur
pose. The local papers came out in strong
terms denouncing tnem for permitting
any such work, and called upon the Board
of Health to take actiye steps at their next
meeting to put a stop to it.
SHE IS NOW SORRY.
Mis. Anna Klinker Sues to Recover
Uer Property.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— Mrs. Anna
Klinker, 72 years of ace, has commenced
suit against Anna and James de Pass for
violation of a trust. She alleges that in
consideration of her conveying her house
and lot in Oakland Township :o the de
fendants in 1887 they agreed to maintain
ncr for life, but it is now charged that on
May 12, 1896, defendants ejected her from
the premises and refused to provide fur
ther for her. She sues for tne property or
$2000.
Mrs. Tunnell'i Denial.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— Mrs. M. F.
Tunneil wishes to deny that she Has at
tempted to free Abe Majors from San
Quentin. A friend, she cays, asked her to
accompany her to call on Mrs. Wagner on
a charitable errand, and Mrs. Tunneil
The California Mascot Sent by Senator Denison to Major McKinley
at Canton, Ohio*
was pleased to endeavor tc heln distress ]
in any form. She did not know Mrs. Wag- I
ncr personally, or the nature of her trou- |
ble. There was no snegestion during the j
visit of Mrs. Tunneil assisting to have :
Abe Majors released from San Quenlin, I
and Mrs. Tunneil states that the thought i
had never even occurred to her. She says
Bbc has never tried to free any one from
any prison, and only called twice at Mrs. |
Wagner's — the second time purely by ac
cident, on the invitation of a lady friend.
DOING ACTIVE WORK.
Associated Charities Report What Has
Been Done the Past Year.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept 29.— The follow
ing directors have been elected by the
Associated Charities: Dr. E. S. Chapman,
Mrs. C. H. Redington, M. J. Keller, James
A. Johnson, Mrs. D. S. Hirshberg, Mrs. S.
C. Borland, R. Wiand, James P. Taylor,
Rev. H. McKnight, A. J. Ralston and D.
C. Brown.
There are now thirty-one affiliated so
cieties, sixteen of which have tiled finan
cial statements showing disbursements of
$17,508 12 during t he past year.
Taxes Will Be Delayed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— The City
Tax Collector is considerably worried over
the tax levy. The charter provides that
the Council "shall on or before the first
Monday in October of each year, by or
dinance, fix the tax rate to be levied," etc.,
and under the general law taxes shall be
due and payable on the first Monday in
October.
The present condition of affairs makes
it impossible that the terras of either can
be complied with, for tlie tax-levy ordi
nance is now being printed and will not
be ready until Tuesday next when it is as
sured that Mayor Davie will veto it. As
to its fate all is speculation as no one
knows how Councilman Heitman will vote
in an attempt to pass the ordinance over
the Mayor's veto.
Greatly Surprised.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— The news
j that Mrs. Lillian L. Fearn, the wife of
j Dr. J. Radford Fearn. a local physician,
1 had filed suit for divorce on the charge of
I cruelty, as reported in the Los Angeles
i dispatches this morning, created great
surprise here, wnere both parties are »o
well known.
They were married only a little over a
j year ago by the Rev. E. K. Dille, £>. D.. of
San Francisco. The bride was the daugh
ter of Dr. J. Diminick, a local dentist, and
has resided here many years. She is
prominent in the Rebekah degree lodges
and Pythian Bisters.
Not the Fir»t Experience.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.-W. Strath
earn of this city, wno was found on the
Mojave desert in a starving condition, re
sides here with his wife and family, and
is a memoer of the local St. Andrew's So
ciety. He left Oakland about a month
a*o on a prospecting tour, and a letter re
ceived from him a week ago indicated that
he was in good Health and spirits. He
has had a life of adventure before locating
in Oakland, and one of his experiences, in
being cast away at aea, he wrote out at
great length, and was endeavoring, a few
we«ks ago, to find a publisher therefor.
Wood's Petition.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— The peti
tions for the nomination of Judge Fred V
Wood of the Police Court as an indepen
dent candidate for re-eiection as a City
Justice of the Peace are being circulated
by Wood's admirers. He has secured the
consent of the following to aci as a cam
paign committee: John A. Beckwith
George L. Fish, Dr. E. W. Bradley C w'
Kinsey and M. L. ilroudwell.
Mrs. Jewett'a Death.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., Sept. 29.— Mrs.
L. J. Jewett, who was stricken Saturday
with paralysis, died yesterday at the home
of her son-in-law, the Rev. William Hnl
bert. She was a native of li.uavia, N. V.,
but has resided here many years. She was
07 years of age and leaves six children.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
CALIFORNIA SENDS
A LIVE MASCOT
Senator Denison Forwards
a Beautiful Eagle to
Wm. McKinley.
Typical of Republicanism's
Watchful Eye and Strength
of Purpose.
AN ENCOURAGING PROPHECY.
The Noble Bird Carries the Greetings
of the State to the Champion
of Protection.
Oakland Office Sah Francisco Call,*
908 Broadway, Sept. 29. f
A novel present was shipped to William
McKinley of Canton, Ohio, to-night. It
was a beautiful live specimen of the Cali
fornia eaele that was recently caussht in
the hills north of Berkeley.
The noble bird was bought by Senator
Eli S. Denison, who at once conceived the
idea of sending it to the next President as
a symbol of California's fidelity to Repub
licanism. Senator Denison is a personal
friend of Major McKinley and is making a
very aggressive campaign. He has already
given away about 15,000 buttons to bona
tide Republicans.
When the unique gift was at the depot,
tagged "To William McKinley, Canton,
Ohio," it created much interest and the
Senator was required to tell of its history
several times.
This evening Senator Denison sent the
following letter to Major McKinley:
Major William, McKinley, Canton, Ohio—Tiz
fpected Sir: Undersigned sends you this day a
live American Eagle (captured in the hills of
Berkeley) as a most worthy emblematical mas
cot in this patriotic campaign for protection,
prosperity and sound money.
He bears you our greetings from Califor
nia and fairly illustrates the watchful eye,
strength of purpose, determined will and un
conquerable spirit that animates tne Republi
can party of this distant State, and who are in
spired not alone by your past enviable record,
but the dignified and consistent position you
so ably maintain to-day as our esteemed and
honored Presidential candidate.
Assuring you, my dear sir, of our enthusias
tic support, I am, yours, very respectfully,
E. B. Denison,
State Senator, Twenty - sixth District, Cali
fornia.
Senator Denison has also sent a letter to
a lriend at Canton, asking him to meet the
eagle and have the cage elegantly deco
rated with the National colors before it is
presented to Mr. McKinley.
Want* Her Pay.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— The case of
William and Winnifred Hall against John
Henninger, the old capitalist, for $1150,
will go to trial 10-morrow before Judge
Frick and a jury. Mrs. Hall was Mrs.
Henninger's sister, and the claim is for
nursing her through her final illness. .
Sirs. Oakes' Funeral.
HAYWARDB, Cal., Sept. 29.— The fu
neral of Mrs. Jfauline Oakes, who died at
Stockton, was held at the Presbyterian
church here yesterday afternoon, the Rev.
Barton W. Perry of San Leandro offici
ating.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening* Told In
Bripf Chapters.
The First Ward Republican Club has se-
I cured Major llanford to speak at Hamen's
Hall on the money question Thursday even
ing.
A. Bretz will start to-morrow for Monterey
County to make some campaign speeches,
j after which he will stump Sierra, Plumas,
i Laasen, Inyo and Mono counties for Bryan
I and silver.
The What Cheer Blue Gravel Mining Com
pany has been incorporated to operate in
California, Montana or elsewhere. The capi
tal stock Is $100,000, ol whicn $50 is sub
scribed by J. M. Williamson, W. H. Lee, M. U.
Ri?ney, E. C. Rigney and George E. de Golla,
in sums of $10 each.
Eva G. Riesemoeber, infant daughter of Mr
and Mrs. Riesemoeber, residing on Thirty
second avenue, near Summer street, Temuscai,
was found dead in bed by her parents at 4
I o'clock this morning. It is not known
whether the baby was suffocated by the bed
clothes or bad some organic trouble.
The Cantennial Hotel was visited by bur
glars last night, the rooms of two of the
lodgers being entered. Mr. Beardsley had be
tween $15 and $20 stolen from him, besides a
cold w&tch. In another room the intruders
secured about $1 50.
At the inquest on the body of J. B. Mathisen,
the San Francisco architect, who hanged him
self in Berkeley Saturday night, no new facts
were discovered, and the jury returned a ver
dict of suicide by strangulation.
Ixro Chinese Suspects.
United States Marshal BaMwin received a
letter from Stockton yesterday which may be
the means of sending two Mongols back 10
their native land. The writer, who signs him
self "W. A. T., Chinese Court Interpreter,"
says there are two Chinese : working at the
Capitol Hotel in that city who are illegally in
the country. '• The names of the suspected
Chinese are Wong Yet and Wong Cheoni?. The
letter has been placed in the. hands of Col
lector Wise for investigation.
♦ — * >
HUFF WRONGLY CHARGED.
The Ex-United States Court Chlneie In
terpreter Hhi Been Fully
Exonerated.
Harry Huff, for years United States
Chinese interpreter, and who was dis
missed some months ago for alleged
crookedness, has succeeded in clearing
nimself. In the recent developments more
evidence has been brought to light tend
ing to snow the duplicity of the recently
convicted Chinese Inspector, Dick Wil
liams.
Huff was formerly Chinese interpreter
for the United States District Attorney.
He was tnoroughly competent and gave
general satisfaction. In some way he
brought down on his head the wrath of
Dick Wiliiams, who later preferred
charges against nim for accepting bribes
from Chinese.
One day Williams informed the District
Attorney that he had positive knowledge
that at a certain time Huff would go to the
room of a Chinese woman in order to ac
cept a bribe. In fact, so Williams de
clared, it was arranged that the latter
should accompany the interpreter in order
to receive the money. Aciing upon the
information given by Williams, a con
fidential officer of the Government was
directed to secrete himself in the room of
the Chinese woman that evidence might
be secured upon which to base the dis
missal of Huff. Accordingly, Williams led
the way to the woman's room, and event
ually, as he had predicted. Huff appeared
and was paid a sum of money by the
Chinese woman. Of course, all the con
versation took place in Chinese.
This evidence seemed conclusive proof
of guilt, and Huff's dismissal was accord
ingly ordered by the department at Wash
ington. Judgo Foote has recently learned
that the money paid by the women to
Huff was a just debt.
The authorities at Washington nave
been notified of this newly discovered evi
dence in Huff's favor, and his reinstate
ment is looked for.
BARRING OUT THE PRESS
The Board of Health Closes the
Receiving Hospital
to It.
Supervisors Asked to Prohibit Ex
pectoratiog on the Streets
and in Cars.
The Board of Health at a special meet
ing held yesterday solemnly decreed that
the Receiving Hospital in future is to be
closed to the reporters and artists of news
papers, because the Interviewing and
sketching of patients is contrary to the
sacred ethics of the medical profession.
The Police Surgeon was warned that
any official or employe violating this rule
would De summarily dismissed. In view
of the scandals that have arisen during
other administrations regarding the treat
ment of patients and their belongings this
action would seem somewhat risky.
At the suggestion of Superintendent 8.
ii. McLenegan of the San Francisco and
San Mateo electric line the following reso
lution was passed:
Retolved, That the attorney of the Board oi
Health be requested to Immediately prepare
and have passed by the Board of Supervisors
of this City b proper ordinance for the preven
tion of expectoration on the sidewalks or In
buildiugs or in any public conveyances in this
City, and that such buildiugs and conveyances
should be provided with proper receptacles
for such expectorations.
Mr. Keinßtein will prepare a communi
cation to the board at once.
At a meeting of the board held August
11, 1896, with those furnishing milk for
this City, and with the health officers of
San Mateo ami Santa Clara counties, Oak
land and Berkeley, it was stated that it
had been and was impossible for those
supplying milk for the City to comply
with the order of June 25, 1896, providing
for the quarantining of all milk from
cows that had not been tested by the
United States tuberculine test. This state
of affairs led to the passage of the follow
inc:
Resolved, That the operation of so much of
our order of the 25th of June. 189(5, as re
quires on and after Octobor 1, 1896, the quar
antining of milk from cows not so as above
teFted be postponed until the further order of
this board in fo far only, however, as concerns
i such rifMons, firms or corporations supplying
I milk for this City, as shall daily submit such
I supply of milk lor inspection at the most con-
I venient inspection station of the four open
public food iuspection stations, as soon as such
stations are ready for operation, and shall
comply further with all rules and regulations
of this City, and the laws of this State.
John Cameron was appointed Bakery
Inspector at a salary of $75 per month,
and John Loane Health Inspector at $100
per month.
COMING AT LAST.
Anarchists In New York Are Dally Ex
pecting £<oulse Michel.
The anarchists are all rejoicing, because
news has arrived that Louise Michel is
sailing from England for America.
John Most and the other anarchist lead
ers in New York are preparing to deify
her, and it goes without eaying that she
will make a lecturing tour. Whoever pays
the expenses of her trip it is not likely
that the French anarchist will be less suc
ceEsfui in making dollars and converts
than other famous anarchists of other na
tionalities who have before visited this
country.
John Most has received the following
circular, signed by Pietro Gori and Fran
cis Marat:
"We have the pleasure of announcing
that in the interests of the cause, we nave
succeeded in persuading our intrepid
Louise Michel to make a tour in America.
She has consented the more willingly, as
sbe is convinced that a propaganda is more
than ever necessary just at present. She
will be accompanied by her inseparable
friend, Charlotte Vanvllie, who could not
possibly leave her, both on account of
Louise Michel's advanced age, and also
because of the care she will need during
her long and fatiguing journey."
Gori's manifesto concludes by begging
his friends in America to contribute to the
cause, and by stating that Louise Micbel's
departure is fixed for the end of Septem
ber. According to L'ltalia, John Most
has not himself been informed of the
exact day of the famous anarchist's arri
val, but he is expecting her in the course
of next week.
ALL DETAILS ARRANGED.
Sacred Heart Parish Fair to Open To-
Morrow Kvenlng.
The ladies in charge of details for the
bazaar in aid of the new Sacred Heart
Church have their preparatory work all
completed. The fair will be held in the
National Guard Armory, corner of Page
and Gough streets, and will open with
auspicious ceremonies to-morrow evening
at 8 o'clock.
Each evening a select programme will
be presented by the ladies of tne respective
booths, and special pains will be taken to
entertain those who will attend.
The saber contest for the most popular
commissioned officer of the League of the
Cross Cadets, under the direction of Mrs.
D. F. Ragan, is developing much interest
amons the young officers of the regiment,
and promises to prove one of the most
attractive features of the fair.
FOUGHT PIRATES
ON THE HIGH SEAS
H. S. Eastham, a Survivor
of the Perry Ex
pedition.
Served as a Seaman Under
Commodore Perry in
1853-55
DISABLED IN A BATTLE.
Says He Is the Only Survivor of the
Expedition on the Pacific
Coast.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 29.— Henry 8.
Eastham, who lives on Kittredge street,
claims to be the only survivor on the
Pacific Coast of the famous Ferry eipedi-
H. S. EASTHAM, the Veteran Survivor of the Perry Expedition.
tion to Japan in 1858. Eastham is now
65 years old, and is in a disabled condi
tion, having received permanent bodily
injuries while serving on board the Mis
sissippi, which was the flagship of Com
modore Perry during the expedition.
He asked the Government for a pension
during the first part of Cleveland's second
administration, end receiving no reply
took measures again to-day to reach the
President. This time he will do h*s work
through Senator Perkins.
Eastham claims to be veryjmnch in need
of the asked-for assistance and says that
he can furnish ample proof of his right to
a Government stipend.
His life while on the expedition was
fnu of interesting incidents. A fleet of
ten ships under Commodore Perry was
sent to Japan in 1853 for the purpose of
protecting American interests there and
of attempting to open the Japanese ports
to the world.
Part of the fleet spent the whole time
fighting pirates on the high seas, and it
was while serving as an ordinary seaman
in one of these engagements tv at Eastham
received his injuries.
Many of his comrades died on account
of the unhealthy climate, while others
were killed by the guns of the enemy.
Eastham holds his honorable discbarge
papers from Captain McDongal. dated
1855. He says that a William Nichols,
who died in Berkeley last year, was one of
the party. Nichols received $500 and 160
acres of land from the Government as a
pension, and Eastham says that his rea
sons for asking a similar allowance are
even more ureent and weighty than those
which Nichols offered.
He is one of the best known citizens of
the college town, having lived there for
the past twelve years. He is now staying
with his only sister and is engaged in do
ing odd jobs about town, not being phy
sically able to perform hard, manual la
bor.
Kenney Defeated.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 29.— The Town
Trustees last night finally defeated a mo
tion to appoint James Kenney Fire Chief
of Berkeley. Kenney was nominated by
the Columbia Fire Company and received
the indorsement of all companies except
those of South Berkeley, but owing to the
vigorous opposition of the soutb-end com
panies the Trustees refused to appoint
him.
Last night Trustee Martin moved that
Mr. Kenney be appointed Fire Chief. The
motion was seconded by Trustee Durrell,
but only received the votes of Martin,
Durrell and Richards and was therefore
defeated.
Last night's rote will probably settle the
Fire Chief question for some time. The
matter may be brought up some iqonths
from now when all ill feeling resulting
from the late contest has died out, but
at present Berkeley will have to do with
out a Fire Chief.
The I-icense Ordinance.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 29.— The Town
Trustees last night made an important
amendment in the new license ordinance.
Trustee Martin vigorously objected to the
new law on account of the hardship which
he declared it would impose upon peddlers.
An amendment was finally adopted al
lowing peddlers to do business for a license
of $30 per quarter. The cbange is highly
unsatisfactory to the Merchants' Protec
tive Association, which secured the pas
sage of the new law, as it is regarded as a
loophole for outside merchants.
Football Team.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept, 27.— The Uni
versity football team that will play against
the Reliance Club next Saturday is
as follows: Right end, Hopper;
right tackle, Hynes; right guard,
Griesberg; center, Birdsell; left guard,
Ludlow; left tackle, Simpson; left end,
Craig; left half. Hall; left end, Sherman;
quarterback, Kennedy; fullback, Captain
Kansome. Ransome, Sherman and Ken
nedy are the only ones of this team who
were on the Varsity eleven last year.
Brief News Kotea.'; '•
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 29.— Jnan Ysunza,
an old Berkeley pioneer, died yesterday at his
home on San Pablo avenue.
: The university class of ' 99 has passed resolu
tions of regret for the death of Harry B. Cook
of Ventura. Hal T
The university library has received a copy of
Professor Plehn's book on "Instruction to Pub
lic Finance."*
The.net receipts for the - university track
team of the performance of last Tuesday night
were $83 35. * . ;
'■■- "Archie" Pierce, instructor' in mathematics
has returned from Chicago and last night as
Auction Balc§
| sistcd in coaching tbe football team at the
I university.
The Students' Congress will debate to-mor
row evening on the question of co-educatiou,
tlie resolution for discussion being one "That
co-education .should be abolished from tbe
1 University of California."
Hermau Schuitz oi 2215 Ellsworth street
died suddenly this afternoon. Schuitz bad
111 for some time and some weeks ngo he
went to Plumas County for his health, but re
turned without improvement. lie leaves a
widow, two daughters and one son.
JAMES CASE TO PREACH.
| He Gives Up a Fine Vusiness Position
to Kilter the Ministry.
James Case, son of Rev. Dr. Case of the
Howard-street M. E. Church, has decided
to give up his business and go into the
ministry.
For a number of years, ever since he
was 13 years of age, in fact, James Case
has always identified himself with the
work of the church of which his father
happened to be pastor. At the Howard
street church be has been the life and soul
of all movements among the young peo
ple, and he has always been a popular as
well as an energetic leader. The news of
his adopting the ministry as a profession
will be a surprise to many of his friends
and to his business associates, as Mr. Case
holds a lucrative position in the Royal
Insurance Company and is considered to
have excellent prospects in the business
world. The fact is, however, that he has
felt drawn toward the ministry for many
years, but he has never been moved to
consider that he had a call till the recent
conference at Pacific Grove. After hear
ing the addresses, he was moved to look
upon the pastorate as his true vocation
and at once made arrangements to give
up his business and devote his life to
preaching the Gospel.
Mr. Case intends to take up the regular
conference studies. He will have to be
two or three years iii conference before
being ordained, and till then will occupy
the position of supply preacher under the
conference. He has already been ap
pointed to preach at Madison and Guindo,
in Sonoma County. To-ni>;ht a reception
will be given at Howard-street church, to
give farewell to James Case and to cele
brate the reappointment of Rev. Dr.
Case. This will be the last year of Dr.
Case's ministry with his present flock, as
he is now entering the fifth year of his
pastorate at the Howard-street church.
James Case is 30 years of age. His wife
was the sister of Mrs. Rollo V. Watt, but
he was left a widower four years ago.
NEW TO-DAJ.
iJ,F. CUTTER
R I EXTRA
13 Old
uiu
{f"^"^ Bourbon
jEi DuurDon
has been
a staple
§mmm
l, """"^1 medicinal
«*COT*>J| whiskey
Ul* EXTIU ***? Hi Or a
&\W^)M quarter-
v&ftjy century.
PgJ i mm
Ss^*«— lMWi««>' & CO..
\^ J^BJk • 411 Market St./
'-■,„ ,v ■iiiwiii^llTm San Francisco.
/^Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
25MEAn> " r * iT - Established
9m l^^l ' D "S** *or the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Oi£s KEARHT ST. EsUbHshed
it) 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debill ty or
KnS^MA disease wearing on body mind and
"^St^Ssr Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
<WS3wAt|i' otherafall. Try him. Charges low.
■ r*irrrniffiiiari •°*"""rmrnntrrrl Callorwrlte.
. Br.J. r« uilißON. Box 1957. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRATECB
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saugalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& 1893.
WEEKDAY*
For Mill Valley and San Kafae!-"7 125, •gtlS,
11:00 a. m.: »1:45, 3:45, •5:16.*3:48,tJ:30 p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays. Wednes-
days and Saturdays a: 11 -.30 r. m-
. HCNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— *B:oo, •10-.OC
; •11:30 a. m.: «1:SO, 3:00, »4:SO. 6:16*. it j
Trains marked * run to San Queutln. ■ '
• : THROUGH TKAINS. \
For Point Reyes ' and way stations— 7:25 a. x.
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. v. bundays, 1:45 p. x. Satur-
days.
Jb or Cazadero and way stations— 7 :2s a. X. week-
days: 1:45 P. x. Saturday a. . .. ..■;..■,;
MOUNT TAIWAN.
Trains connect frith North Pacific >
Coast Railroad. JiStoiwgM— ißWfSi
WEEK DAYS— S. P. 9:l* A. x. 1:45 p. it.
Returning— Arrive S. P. 3:25 p. x. 6:20 p. x. ■
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. x 11:30 a. X. 1:30 pm."
Returning— Arrive a.F.l:ls p. K.4:20 p.m. 7:S5p v.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
THUS COOK & SONS, 621 Market St., S. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Railway. I
A. L CRESSWELL. AUCTIONEER.
TO-MORROW.
Thursday ............October 1, 1896
.... WILL SELL ...
Per Order of Widow of the late Chas. d. Wheat,
2118SteinerSt, Nr. California,
all or ..
THE BEAUTIFUL PARLOR, CHAMBER AND
. ..DINING-ROOM FURNITURE, Mus'.c-bojt,
Mineral Cabinet, Pictures, Books, Ornaments,
Lace Curtains, Portieres, Carpets, Coin*, Pre-
serves, etc., contained in alove residence.
«3r Terms— Casli.
A. L. CRESSWELI., Auctioneer.
81.S Market S. r*->-;,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20. 25. 30,
Andtvery Fifth Da'- Thereafter,
Leave irom S. p. Co.'s i"err*- J.auUini;, toot of
Market isc, at 8:00 p. x.
CDCPIJII ) 01 Including Berth,
OrtUIAL VI Tourist Sleeper.
RATES > $19 First-class. Including
RATES > $19 »%££»"
For farther Information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD OR AY, T. H. OOODMAN,
Gen, frame Mgr. Gen. Puaa- Agu
SOUTIIKKN JlV*C'l*\lC COMI'AJKT.
»» (PACIFIC anrrcK.) ' - '
Tihlbi leave »u<l nreilnv to nirive Ml •
SAN rBAKCM€*. '
LKAVE — Fr.OM September 54. 1596. — AniUV«
•6:00 a Nilcs, Kan Jcsa and Way Stations . . . 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic Kxprcss, Ugi'.eu aud 3 last.. 8:-&3p
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTilie, Rum&ay. Sacra-
* mento, Orovill and Redding via
Davia «i4sp
7:Mi Martinez, San Ramon. Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Rosa *:lSr
Bi3oa Kiles, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville and Red
Bluff 4:15p
»S:3oa Peters and Milton •7:15p
•:OOa New Orleans Uriircss.FreEuo.Bakera-
liclil, Santa TSarbara, Loa Angeles,
iteming, £1 Paso, New Orleans and*
Bast 4»4«p
•:00a Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
O:OO a Vallejo «:15p
l:OOp Kilcs, San Jose and Livermore 9:40 a
"I:00p Sacramento River Steamers *U:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43p
4:ooi> Martinez, San Kamon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, £1 Verano and .
Santa Rosa »»1»A
4:—T Benicia, VacaviUe, Esparto, Wood-
_ land. Knights Landing. Marys-
Tille, Ororille and Sacramento .... 10i45 a
4<SSpKiles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
4:30r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemitc) and Fresno, via Niles. . 1 1 :45a
si**p Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
- Barbara and Los Ansolcs 1 0 «1 5 a
6s««p Santa F» Route, Atlautic Express
for Mojare aud East 10:13 a
Vallejo 11:45 a
6:ooi' European Mail. Ogtlen and East.... 0:43 a ,
«:00p Ilaywards, Nik-sand San J05e...... < 7:43 a
t7:oop Vallejo ;.... U:4ttp
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Bound and East lltlßA
'__ . SAM A t'fttlZ DIVISION (Narrow <iange).~
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, B»nta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations 18:05p
8:1 Ha Newark, Cuiterville.San.Toao, Felton,
v Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
V'- ■ Stations ; 5:5«p
*9:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
•Stations :.■.... H 1 i80a •
4:1 Newark. San Joso and Los Ca-tos — »:sOa
COAST DIVISION (Thin! A 'I'owiiseml Sta.)
" # 6:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (Now
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
}7:3»a Sunday Excursion for San: Jose,
iianU Cruz, PadCo Grove, and
Principal Way Stations 18:35p
1:15 a San Jose, Tics Pinos, Banta Cruz,
I'acilio Grove, Paso Kobles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:03p
19i47A Palo Alto and WayStiUons tl:3Op
1O:4Oa San Jose nnd Way Stations 3:00p
• 1 1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
. •2:3OpSan Mateo, Menlo Park, Han Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Piaos. Santa Cruz,
; : '.- ■ Balinas,Montereya«idPacl(3cGrove*l©T4*A |
"3:30p Ban Jose, Pacific Grove uml Way
Stations •1:3«P
•4:3OpBan Joeoaud Way Stations *S:OOa
0:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations »8:48 a
6>3or San Jose and Way Stations <•::s:» a.
fi<:-33i' San Joso anil Way Stations t7:43p
1 SAX LEAN DUO AMI HAVWAIiIM 1A» At."
« # 6:OOa"> 7 7:1 5a
8:OOa I tOriSA.
lO.ooa Melr«e,Seml«tryPark, i?j|gt
"s: : 8op Fitxhlmr,r,BamLMmir. " t^J§*
»:00r , n r| - 4:43p ;
. 4:00p " 0:35p
(J:OOp HaTTT»ri« "'- 6:1 5p
0:30p H»TTfar«. 7:15p
7:«0p 8:45 p
8:00p .v, „_ 9:43p
O-OOp * Rons though to Kites. , io:sCp
ftll":lspj tFromNUes. U(12:00y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIR mKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. {1:00 *2:00 t3:of
•4:00 ' t5:00 »6:00 p.m. - • > _ 4 ;
From OAKLAND— Foot or Broadway.— ' •6:00 8:0»
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *I:00 {2:00 *3:00 J4:OJ
»s:oQp.m. . •;-. .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only,
t Sundays only.- ■ - ■ ' :
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYB-7:SO, 9:00. 11:00 a. *.: 13-SJI
. S:3O, 5:10. 6:30 p. K. Thursdays-Extra trio :
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. ic »-..—•
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A. it; 1:30, 8:301
- 6:00, 6:20 P.M. . :
; . San Kafael to Sf«n Franclxoo.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. K. Saturdays-Extra trtpi
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. it w
SUNDAYS— 7:35, 9:35, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:10.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park gam*
schedule as above. - '
San Francisco. inpffiw* San Arrive "
Ban Francisco. A p^f San Francisco.
Wkkk| Bus- jw-Unitlon j Spx- I Whi" •
Days. j days. ■ «»unauon. | pA¥a^ . | Days>
7:30 am 1 7 :30 am I Novato, : 1 10:40 am I 8:40 ax
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 AX
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| B:15 pic
~~~~~ '. Fulton, ~ ~"-r
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:10 am
Healdsburg, -
GeyservlUe,
3:50 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~~ ~~ pieta, j ; : ~;
7:80 AM ' Hoplsnd A ; 10:10 AX
3:30 7:30 am UKlah. | 7:30 pm 6:15 px
7:30 am ' " • •. ■. "^ 10:10 ax
7:30 am Guernevllle. ; 7:30 pm
3:30 .'-■,-. | • ■-.- | --■' 6:15
7 :30 am 7 :S0 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 px
7:30 am ; 7:3o am i seba-to—., 10:40 am; 10:10 AX
8 -.30 1 5 :00 pm l 0 " i 6:05 pm! 6:15 px
Btages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West '
Springs; at Geyserville for 81ca?gs Springs; at .'
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
t .-prings, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and l^akeport; ac
Hopiand for Lakeport and Barrett Springs: at
1 kuih for Vichy '^Brings, Saratoga Springs. Bln«
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Klversi'ie. Llerley's, Back-
nell's, Sanhetlrin Heights. Hullville, Jiooneville
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs, Mendocioo City.
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlliets. Canto, Co-
veto, Layionvllle, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Mark« St., Chronicle trafldins.
H. C. WHITING, ■ . R. X. RYAN,
__^ . Gen. Manager. ■ Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic ,
Pacific J^^^
Trains leave and arrive k\ ■HknSsß Uj?s.i
Market-Street Ferry. . aj&jy*£s%aC
SANTA FE EXPRESS, 2||P
To Chicago via A. & **-^S£§CSS'f33£JXsa
Leaves every. day at 6 p. m., carry! b -. j'nllman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern
°^ r ft. Touri , st , S'eeping-cars. wllh Clean linen
and bedding and In charge of a porter, run daiiv
through to Chicai;o via Kansas City. Annexcan
for Denver and Su Louis.
Persona>iy conducted- Boston Excursions vi«
Kansas Ci'.y, Chicago, Montreal 'and the Whlti
Mountains leave every Wednesday. ;- wn U-
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, newiies:'nodost: in'erestlns scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. •
Ban Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1531. Oaklaud .1118 Broad iraj.
1112
WANTED AN ACCOUNTING,
Jacob Levy Accused of Keeping
His Sister's Money and
Jewelry.
Another Action Growing Out of tbe
Collapse of tbe Building on
Fifth Street.
An action was begun yesterday in the !
Superior Court that is one of several grow- j
ing out of the accident on Fifth street and j
Mint avenue, where a four-story building |
collapsed several months ago. The parties
in the last suit are J. D. Sullivan, attorney
for the Public Administrator, and
Jacob Levy, a tailor, at 284 Stevenson
street, in which the former seeks to obtain
$1300 from tne latter.
Levy is the brother of Mrs. Ernestine
Silverstein, the aged woman who was pass
ing along Mint avenue when the building
went down. She was killed beneath the
ruins. In her pocket was a bankbook
Knowing nearly $1000 on deposit in the
German BanK, the money and book stand
ing in tbe names of Mrs. Ernestine Silver
btein and Jacob Levy. The Coroner
handed the book over to Levy, who soon
after drew out $911 70.
The estate of the deceased passed into
the bands of the Public Administrator,
who at. once made an inventory of the
property owned by the old woman. Be
sides the bank account it was found that
there was a quantity of clothing, a dia
mond ring, a plain gold ring, another with
a pearl setting and a watch, all of which I
had been in the hands of Levy, who to
all accounts still holds the property.
The heirs of tbe estate are Mrs. Silver
stein's son and daughter, L. Silverstein
and Mrs. Hannah Silverstein Rice, who j
live in Sacramento.. From the daughter i
the Public Administrator learned that all !
of tbe money appearing in the bankbook j
mentioned was obtained from beneliciary i
societies, of which Mrs. Silverstein s bus- j
oand was a member. Mrs. Silverstein's
reason for having the name of her brother
Levy on the book was because she was in
very poor health and he could draw money
for her whenever she wanted any. The
old woman's children desired to obtain
their mother's property, but the uncle
iailed to hand the same over to them.
About that time the children caused |
Carroll Cook to begin a suit against the j
contractors and owners of the collapsed '
building to recover $50,000 damages for j
their mother's death. The attorney has
never been able to serve the papers upon
the defendants. Attorney Cook called the
attention of Probate Judge Coffey, who :
caused Levy to be brought before him and |
explain why he took his sister's money
out of the bank and failed to account for
the same. Levy said ti.at he spent the I
money for luneral expenses. This ex- i
plana'tion is evidently not satisfactory to I
the children or to Public Administrator
Freese, who now seeks to recover, not only
the money but the other property, the
total value of which is placed at $1300.
The children propose to contest the action I
of the uncle to the bitter end.
THE PRESBYTERY CLOSES.
Rev. G. D. B. Stewart Is Elected
Moderator for the Com
ing Term.
Seminary Student H. F. Marshall's
Case Goes Over to tbe De
cemb.T Meeting.
Rev. G. D, B. Stewart, the new moder
ator of the San Francisco Presbytery,
called the synod to order iv the Olivet
• Presbyterian Church at th<j Potrero yester
day morning at 9 o'clock. After the de
votional exercises the members took up
the routine business of the synod, which
occupied their attention till the noon
hour, when they partook of a bountiful
lunch provided by the ladies of Olivet
Church in the assembly-room.
In the afternoon session the following
resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the committee of home mis
sions be further instructed that, in accordance
with the action of August 4, the corner lot in
Richmond district be disposed of to pur
chasers and with the proceeds a lot be ob
tained for the establishmei. t of a Presbyterian
church in Holly Park district, and if there is
any money over to put it into a suitable
building for the same purpose on that lot.
In the report of delinquencies in the as
sessment to the synod the Chinese church
was marked short $5 50 and Olivet Church
$15. On motion this indebtedness was
conceled. Lebanon Presbyterian Church
"was reported to be delinquent $19 30. The
chairman of the finance committee was
directed to request the pastor, Rev. Donaid
Ro3S, to report the reason of the de
linquency.
Moderator Stewart vacated the chair and
read the report of the committee on educa
tion. It dealt largely with matters per
taining to the Presbyterian Theological
Seminary, and recommended that the
Christian Endeavor Society of the church
e-tablish several scholarships and other
wise turn its endeavors more toward that
institution of learning. The report also
recommended for adoption a resolution
forbidding students in their first and mid
dle years to preach, and that feeble
churches be supplied from the class of
senior students.
The mention of the seminary brought np
the name of a student that everybody
was thinking of but as yet no one had ut
tered. Finally Mr. Thompson arose and
asked if H. F. Marshall was connected
with the institution and receiving aid
therefrom, and if it was the intention of
the synod to drop his name from the roll
of membership.
Dr. Minton of the seminary stated that
Marshall was still a student, but was not
receiving any aid whatever of a financial
nature.
This particular question got away from
the debaters, and that of forbidding the
lower classes to preach was taken up. Mr.
Thompson brought the subject back for
consideration, but upon motion it went
over till the December meeting.
It was learned from one of the ministers
present that the presbytery is unequivo
cally not in favor of keeping Marshall on
the rolis of the seminary. No charges
will be brought against him at present.
The presbytery adjourned to meet Octo
ber 16 at Calvary Presbyterian Church
corner of Geary and Powell streets.
MRS. MARTIN'S GOWNS.
The I,»dy of th« Will Case to Make
Her Debut.
Mrs. John F. Martiu is at last about to
make her long-talked-of theatrical debut.
She has decided to appear in an emotional
drama, "Madame de Fontanges," adapted
from the French by Thomas Taylor, and
she has made up a company of her own
in New York under the management of F.
W. Bon son.
Just to try her wings Mrs. Martin is go
ing out for a week with her company in
New York State . She says that the dreßses
she has purchased are something gorgeous
to behold. "In the first act," says Mrs.
Martin, "I appear as I enter in a most
gorgeous white moire and satin striped.
It is made in the style of the first empire.
The three seams up tbe front are corded
With gold— a Jong empire train of plain
White satin; the waist has a simple pearl
h«nd holding the dress by the shoulders.
The entim front and train are trimmed
with velvet flowers made to represent the
natural wildflowers of California. I refer
to the esehscholtzia. I carry California
colors in every costume. Tbe second and
third acts I wear a white point lace robe
over eschscholtzia-colored silt; the under
flounce is trimmed daintily with flowers
made to resemble tha California violets.
"Oh, but my dress in the last act is the
most gorgeous piece of coloring I have
ever seen. It is in the most intense shade
of eschschoiizia, almost an orange. The
close-fitting Drincess under-dross is of the
same shade of velvet as the court train
and is trimmed with magnificent ousse
menterie in amber and jet. The "lone,
sweeping court train is a most rnagnih
cent brocade i stripe in escbscholizio and
black stripe, alternated with the plain
esehscholtzia stripe of satin. The color is
so vivid that I never tire of looking at it.
"My wrap which I wear in the second
net is a confection of chamois-colored
cloth made in empire style, with an im
mense revere of a very magnificent bro
caded velvet in mauve and gold and
white."
Mrs. Martin says however successful she
and her gowns are she will only be out for
awe k this time. When she returns to
New Yortc she intends to get a new play
and new dresses. Her great desire is to
mafce a success in the East and then bring
a company to San Francisco.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H Lowden, San Jose A B Easterbrook, Cuba
R Keatings, Cal J R Price, Sacramento
Q Bayless, Cal A Allou A w, Vallejo
J M Krower, Red Bluff J B floyt. Birds Landing
M V Pierce, Sacramento W L Talbot, Sacramento
C A Bone. Oakland Mrs E G Chamberlain,
\VLl J odrick,Waddlngtn Eureka
Mrs Podrlck.Wnddingtn Mm J X Allird. Blue Lake
* L Coombs, Napa J J campt* 1, Gait
G R Georgeson, Kureka A Neilson, Sacramento
I B Dudley, San Diego W H Buckley, Martinet
Miss Buckley, Martinez N M King, .-Sacramento
CJ King. Sacramento D E Chapman, San Jose
B S Chase, Santa Crui R D Hatch, Novoto
James Tonley, Vailejo G R Stewart, Crown Ldg
C E Byrnsout, Woodland J R Dennan, Ely station
W E Bunker, Newman J W Stormer, Colusa
W B KUis <fe w, colusa J B Good wood,. Modesta
E H Vance, Kureka F Canls, Carrulton
J D C Day, 1 1 t R Labe , lx>a vngeles
J A Blessingame.Fresno Mrs N B McWhirter. cal
M stone, San Rernardino H E Plumiuer, Lathrop
T L Carothers. L'klah Miss Plnido, Sun Jose
G Paclieoo, lunacio v S McKenzle. Napa
W X Geibor, Sacramento E L Berkevich, Colusa
J McNeil, odtsto J J Hebbrou, Monterey
Dr J H Glass, Paso Robles
LICK HOUSE.
J M Fulweller, Auburn Mrs M May, San Jose
X C Rust. Jackson R i^owe, Ban Jose
Dr E 8 O'i rien, Merced A L Bryan. N X
R Gracey, Merced M Clay Jr. Rai road Flat
H W Allen. Saa JO3e c E fSlmons, Los Gatos
D P Simons, Los Gatos Mrs SJi Buck, Kureka
L H Hatfield. Hacto W McKlnlay, Nevada
J C Bull Jr. Arcata C W Wilson. Cal
J H Woodoridge.sonora 8 Korn, Chicago
J M Williams, Newmau J J Smith, Stockton
E W Ehmanu, Cal G B Noble, Fresno
F Moncure, Bakersfield <i A.b-r'sorut'.v, Chicago
Mrs H E Price, Chicago H A Clark, Snnta Cruz
'1 seaworth, Santa Cruz Mrs G Willis, Santa Crut
Miss P Willis.SantaCruz R F Blake, Stockton
G Hass, Sacto N P Koch. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J R Mooney, New York Mr Frarer <fe w, San Jose
O J Bowman. Decatur Miss H Berg, .N V
Miss A Berg, N V W Echo s, Sc Paul
J G Taylor, Seattle J J Downey, Los Angeles
C W Anasmllh. cortland J Jones. Chautauqua
J E Little, Wtiatcom H FSiuart, Victoria
1> Evans, Los Angeles T Bweet, Los Angeles
c I'hi! Ps, San Jose G F Dumop, Seattle
H X Adams, Seattle C H Arnold, N V
R H White, N V J F Walker. Launton
C P Chase, Bristoi E E Potter, Bristol
J J Jones, Oakland \V If Scott. Chicago
W T Johnson, Chicago G H Jonnso:i, Chicago
M R i umminKS..^prngfld J E l'urdee, Eureca
C W Anasmuh, Courtd R Laws Ad, Westminstr
H Hoiohan, Westminstr
PALACE HOTEL.
S J Dake. Santa Cruz S W Stryker, Pa
J W Lan don <fe w.Waah H A Averill, Lompoc
W F Parker, Loa Ang J Cross, Los Anseles
C R Dives, Los Angeles S Goldimtlh, I'hicago
H E Alvord.Wasnington P F Ting. t. blna
C J Titus, Sacramento PJK wnl. China
C D Lane, Angels Dr Livingston, San Jose
Mrs C J Titus, Sacto Miss A Games. San Jose
Mrs H O'Keefe.San Jose Col H Eaton A wf, F.ng
W Q Purdy, Chicago Miss 8 E Purdy, < hfcago
Miss X F Purdy, Chicago Miss B a Purdy, Chicago
J Abel A wf, Chicago F H McCullough <fc wife,
Miss A Lunger, Chicago Los uatos
BALDWIN HOTKJU
F F Geottouisn, Salinas A V Pearson, N V
H J Wendt, Chicago F A Lyon <S w, Sacto
H A Parker & w,< aklnd Mrs H B short, Oakland
J Barren. Stocktou H Wilson, Alaska
J Smith. NY W J f-cb.osser, Louisville
B X Parmelee. N V W B Valentiue<£w,S Jose
U R >.omion, Oakland MrsMMcNamara&w Cgo
M F Cochraue, S Rafael t: .-. Haffcl finder, Ph. la
C Bnrns, Vallejo H B Morton, Vailejo
In the Louvre at Paris there is an inter
esting old vase of Etruscan manufacture,
whose age is computed at about 2500 years.
It is interesting as bearing a group of
children in relief who are engaged in blow
ing soap bubbles from pipes.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
] Ifi Ninth *treft. oppn until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
> MISSION LODGE NO. 169 FA A. m
m*& M., called meeting this (Wednes- *\
day) evening at 7 o'clock; third degree, "^ jf
By order of the W. M. rVN
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
WZZS* CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139. F. m
l~^ and A. Called meeting THIS
WEDNESDAY at- 7:30 P. _. SiCODddeX V
gree. By order of the W. M. />rN
. - ' H. FORTRIEUE.
Bf^S= GENERAL RELIEF COM-
**& mlttee, I. O. O. F.— A beneiit^d^g^.
will be riven this committee on --SJ&J3KSSF
TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY and " s w7ii««"*
THURSDAY, September 29. 30 and October 1.
at the Columbia Theater. Tickets can be obtained
at room 3, Odd Fellows' building, and 1043 Mar-
ket st. Our tickets are not for sale at theater.
OF MEETING— THE REGULAR
Ib*^ annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Nevada Bank of San Francisco will be held at Its
banking office, 301 Montgomery st., fan i ran-
clsco, Cal., on WEDNESDAY the fourteenth
(14th) day of October. 1896, at the hour of three
(3) o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during the en uing
year, and for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, Sept SO, 1896. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD TENANTS KJECTED^FOR^iT
*-**' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy su. room 6. Tel. 6580.
tt^sp BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
m-*r Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market su
»^S» GAS FIXTURES MADE TO OKDKR;
I^-^ cheapest place In the city. • H. HDF-
SCHM I I>T. 6-': . Golden "ate aye.
SITUATIONS \>ANTEI>-KEMA_.E.
p ERMAN. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
vT son St.. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
ITUATION AS NURSE BY MIDDLE-AGED
widow of physician: won Id travel with invalid;
best of references; competent to. take charge;
capable housekeeper and seamstress: no triflers
Call or address 224 Turk st.
BY ELDERLY AMERICAN WOMAN AND
strong young m»n us cook and helper or dish-
washer In country hotel or mining camp: best
reference: lare to be paid if remote. F. 8., Lester
House. Eighth and Clay sts., Oak'aDd.
OUNG GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
X a i lace to do housework of any kind or as
housekeeper-. iul!y experienced. Call or address
290 Shipley st. (In rear), nr. Sixth. -.■
MEAT, RESPKOiABLE GERMAN GIRL
XI wishes position : for general housework in
small family. Please call 322 Shotwell sU, bet.
seventeenth and l Igbteenth.
pOMPKTENT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
\J situation to do houseworic; good cook and
laundress; city or country; good references. Ad-
dress L. A., box 146, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
C. woman to do general housework: good house-
keeper: many years' references. Call or address
360 Precita aye.
"EXPERIENCED GERMAN LADY wishes
XJ situation in widower's family as housekeeper-
is an excellent cook and seamstress. Apply 207
Montgomery aye.
■pOMPETE.NT. WOMAN DESIRES LIGHT
\J housework; city or country: references; Home
more un object than high wages. Call, 2 days 753
Howard st.
XT EAT, COMPETENT WOMAN, WHO IS " A
•-> good cook and laundress, wants situation la
an American family. Please call or address 136
Sixth si.
REFINED GERMAiN WIDOW, COMPETENT
thoroughly reliable, desires a position to do
housekeeping or anything of trust; city references.
Address H. H., box 92, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL TO DO SEC~-
ondor general housework, or take care of
children: country preferred. Call for 2 any a, 28
Eighth st., room A. ■vo, *o
yoUNG LADY WHO UNDERSTANDS
X music wishes to be engaged to play ford»ncing
at evenings at home. Address E. A., box 138, Call.
QWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
_ SITUATIONS WANTED-CoiUl^nned.
POSITION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
X by young widow wltn little girl ; - or will do
general housework in small family. Address 340
Capp st. ' ■ . - •
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
O waitress or to do chamberwork; good refer-
ences. Address A. F., box 61, Call Office.
situation wanted by a first-class
0 housekeeper and cook. Address MRS. A. E.
C, flat 5, 114 -McAllister st.
TEADY S>VED SH GIRL WISHES MTUA-
tion to do general housework in American
family. 511 Folsom si.
MART, ATTRACTIVE LADY WISHES
work In bakery or as lunch waitress. . Address
S., box 63, Call office. ■■ .
/URL WISHED SITUATION TO DO SECOND
*X work in a private family. Please call at 181«
Sacramento a;.
SWEDISH WISHES A POSITION TO
do general nonsework in a small family. 31b
Clara St. -
pOMPKTENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
v/ desires work by the day. 645Vs Stevenson st.
GIRL FOR SECOND WORK: 5 YEARS' REF-
erence; city. 929 Pine sU ■
IjMRST-Ci.ASS~GERMAN COOK WISHES A
si.uation in hotel, restaurant or boarding-house.
79 Jessie su, oft Mission. ,
r OUNG WOMAN WISHES PLACE FOR
X light housework; good home. Address Mrs.
K. 3284 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— SITUATION BY YOUNG WOMAN
to do general housework; wages $15 to $17.
Apply 411 Polk su, neitr Golden Gate aye. '
A' OUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION IN HO-
X tel as cook; city or country. Please call at
room 6, 711 Folsom st.
pOM PETE NT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
\J the day, washing, ironing or housecleanlng.
Call or address 257 Minna, downstairs. /
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
VJ do general housework; good references. Ap-
ply 162 Clinton Park. _^
/ IRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
V ' eral housework In small family. Call 406 3
McAllister st.
"y WOMAN WOULD LIKE a few en-
X gagements to do sewing or housework from 10
to 4. address L. C. . 2618 Mission SU
p OOD SEAMSTRESS WISHES POSITION TO
VJ do sewing and rhamberwork; good, steady
place preferred. 340 Capp St.
p OLORED WOMAN, MI KDLE-AGED, WANTS
\J situation to do light housework; is good plain
cook. Address T., box 116, CalL .• .;
I > EFI NED YOUNG LADY GRADUATE
it would like position as governess or companion
to lady or invalid; coo 1 musician; home more an
object than wages. Apply or address room 32,
Fulton House, cor. Fulton and Larkiu sis.
W A N T I I )— BY A YOUNG GIKL, WAITING;
'' city or country. Call at 1559V 3 Market st.
\\r ANTED— SITUATION BY ENGLISH GIRL;
»* second work or chambermaid: private tamilv;
good references. Address S. LEMON, 1309 Gough
si., city.
p ERMAN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION FOR
VJ hov e and room work or educating a baby.
4075 Nineteenth st.
posTnoN AS WORKING housekeeper
1 wanted by refined young lady. Call or address
4081/2 ''rove st.
R 1 LIABLE WOMAN WISHES LIGHT
XV housework by the day or as child's nurse. Ad-
dress 315 sutler st. '
YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES POSITION AS
X secretary, correspond nt or general office
work; 7 years' steady experience. Reliable, box
132, Call Office. ;
A MERIC4.N GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
A assist in housework and care of children.
Call 967 Mission st.
/"COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
\J situation as chambermaid, or would like to
learn waiting in restaurant. Call or address 1147
Harrison su, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
p ERMAN WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
VT working housekeeper. 948 Harrison su, ba-
tween Fifth and Sixth.
OVERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION FOR
VT chamberwork or housekeeping. Address A.
G., box 46, Call t m. ..
OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION
to do general bouse work; no postals. Call at
205 Fourteenth St.. near Howard.
■yOUNG GIRL, LATELY FROM THE EAST.
X wishes a situation to do second work and sew-
ing. Call or address 1234 Mission st.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day; washing, ironing or houeecleaning. Please
call or address -6* Minna st.
ELIABLE WAITRESS WISHES A SITUA-
tion in hotel or restaurant. Address S. S.. box
21', this office.
\\ IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES A sITUA-
UJ- tion as housekeeper. Address W. R., box
94, Call.
\iIDDLK-AUED GERMAN WOMAN WITH
i'l a child wishes situation as wording house-
keeper; city or country. 16 Taylor st.
"TMRST-CLA-S COOK WISHES A SITUATION
Xln an American family. Please call 61/*
Clementina su, bet. First au4 Second.
HI DOW, 33 YEARS OF AGE. EXPERI-
" enced housekeeper, wishes situation in wid-
woer's family; city preferred; references. Call
925 Howard st.
YOUNG GEiIMAX GIRL wishes situa-
X tlon as second girl; capable and industrious.
492 Eighth su
DRESSMAKER To GO OUT SEWING BY
the day or lake work borne. Apply 418 Grove.
"yoUNO WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM MAS-
X sachusetts, desires position as housekeeper.
1007 Marke st. '
ASTERN LADY WOULD LIKE ANY KIND
XJ of work by the day. Room 17, second floor,
144 Fifth st. '
ITU ATI ON WANTED BY A NEAT YOUNG
O Sweedlsh housework girl; $12 to $15 up. Miss
ALLEN. 323 Suiter sl. _^^
V MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AND DAUGH-
ter, in country hotel or mining camp, as cook
and waitress. M. L. IS., Lester House, cor. Eighth
and Clay at*., Oakland.
INCHED . tit HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
Jree bus ana baggage to and from the terry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
HUNTER A CO., CHfi?ESE~ANI) JAPaT
XX nese employment office. 17 Webb su. below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. YOUNG, ragr
AM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
■ployment office. 611^ Bush nr. Grant ave'.
(MUNKsE AND JAPANESE RKLIABLS
V^ help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLKYACO.. 640 Clay.
GHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\y office: beat help 414 O'Farrell; tel. K. 424
APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 814b Sotter SU: tel. Grant 'Mi.
APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, R. 73,
SU Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy su: tel. Main 6234.
WAN D— POSITION BY A YOUNG MAN,
aged 22, of good family ani schooling; speaks
both English and German fluently anri can fur-
nish best of references, and bonds If desired. Ad-
dresa B. D.. box 125, Call office.
TJOHEMIAN, GERMAN AND ENGLISH
X> iking, young man would like to make him-
self useful during the evening hours as clerk or
bookkeeper for the exchange of board and room.
Address .*!.. box 84. this office.
pARPENTER, MIDDLE-AGED DANE,
\J wishes situation as ranch carpenter or for
property-owner: understands running steam boiler
and pomp. C. M., 416 Broadway, city.
SH ATI ON WANTED BY A PRACTICAL
O greenhouse flower and vegetable gardener; can
take care of horses and cows. Address Gardener,
box Ull, Call Office. , ' ;
L XI'ERIENCKD COOK WANTS SITUATION
X> In hotel or restaurant in city: -short distance
In country: can do pastry. Address Cook, box 67,
Call ffice.
JAPANESE HOUSE-CLEAN KB WANTS TO
wash windows; sweep corns, etc.; day or hour.
Address GEORGE, 1210*4 Larkln st. .
yoU.^O GKRMAN WISHES A POSITION AT
X any kind of wont: has horse and wagon. Ad-
dresa A , box 14, Call Office.
'ANTED— AI WAITER WISHES A PLACE
In an oyster and chop house, or porter in a sa-
loon; can cook aid carve; Is quick, polite and re-
liable. Address P. M., box 62, Call Office.
WANTED— BY SOBER AND RELIABLE
" roan, position In private family or charge of a
ranch. A. X, station D. . ast Oakland.
pKRMAN BO* WISHES ANY KIND OF
XX work: experienced driver. Address Boy, 314
Eighth su
OOD COOK DESI.. STEADY PLACE;
T wages moderate. Address F., box 7, Call.
"I ERMAN, 26 YEARS OF AUK, OF GOOD AP-
VT pearance. willing to do all kinds of work, would
like to get a position. Address G. I!., box 99, Call.
V OUNG GERMAN, AGED 20, WISHES TO
X learn the bakery and 'confectionery business;
i-mall wages. Address CHARLEY FALKE, Den-
ver House, Third st.
pOI'PLE WANT SITUATIONS IN A GOLD-
\J mining camp; wife as cook; man understands
carpenter-work. Address J. T., 417 TurK st.
RCHAKDIBT WANTS POSITION A> SUPER-
Intendent, foreman or bookkeeper;* 15 years'
practical California experience; fruit, vines, stock
and general farming; drying, packing and ship-
ping: Al references. Address Ranch, 3121,4 Ful-
ton sU . .
OY, 15 YEARS OLD, WISHES TO LEARN A
trade: wages no object. Address 829 Ste-
venson su "
HONEST, ENERGETIC GENTLEMAN
wants position as a watchman: experience
over 7 years: salary no object; able to furnish se-
curiiy. Address A. T., box 94, Call Office.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS a situation
where be can attend day school. Address T.
W., 22 Prospect place. :
W r INCHKS.IV.iI HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
. '». Market— Electric flights In every room- 200
rooms; 25c to $160 per night; $160 to $8 per
week: free bos and baggage 10 and from tin' ferry.
\\r a"nted— situation AS. ranch car-
'» penter by a sober, illustrious man Ad-
dress S. 3., box 92. this office. •
YOUNG MAN (2«), HIi.H-SCHOOL KDUCA
-I lion, wants strictly seuentary position. Ad-
dress H. s., box 99, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continned.
\ r OUNG MAN, FIRST-C^A^S~BARKEEPErT
X- wants a position: living at home; wages $20 ,
per month; best reference. Address D. T., 2903
Pine st,
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'" Market— Electrlo lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bns and batrL-ace to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
\\T ANI'J-D— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
" work, $25; girl for upstairs work »nd sew-
ing, $20: girl for chamberwork and waiting, small
board log-house, $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Ge_ry su '
3v AITRESSES FOR COUNTRY. $20; DAN-
Ish cook, small hotel, $25. C R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary st.
p EHMAN COOK AND LAUNDRESS, SAME
VT house. $30 and $25: Angels Camp. $15: 3
cooks, American families, $25; 4 German cooks.
$25 and $30; call early. MISS CULLEN, 833
Gutter st.
"VTEAT YOUNG GIRL TO MAKE HERSELF
J-> generally useful; no cooking; $12. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutterst.
V URSE FOR AN INSTITUTION, $25; WAIT-
— ' resj and chambermaid, country, $20: French
nursery governess, $25 t0. 530; maid and seam-
stress, $20, sleep home; 20 good housework gins,
city and country. $15, $20 and $26. Apply MISS
CULLEN, 323 Suiter st. __
T> EFINED CATHOLIC NURSEGIRL, REFER-
XVence, 412. Apply MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter street.
EFINED GERMAN SECOND GIRL; GOOD
plate, $-'Q. MISS CULLEN. 323 Suiter s-
' A MERICAN, GERMAN OR SWEDISH SEC-
xi. ond girl, short distance, $25. fare paid ; refer-
ence. MISS COLLEN, 323 Sutter . .
COOK, $25 AND ROOM: COOK, $8 A WEEK;
/ waitress, $15: woman to wash napkins, tow-
, els, etc., $15, room, board, etc girl for chamber
work and wait some, $15 and room, country;
chambermaid and wait some, city, $20 and room;
. girl 10 assist in children's hi me; head waitress:
housegirl, Van Ness aye., $20; houwgirl, Steiuer
st , $20: girl, Sutter su. $20; girl, Washington St.,
$20; girl, Kill more St., $20; girl. Broadway, $20;
French nurseglrl, $15: girl, Eddy s., $20; girl,
Gre*n St.. $16; girls for Vallejo, Han Leandro, Hay-
wards, Cei'tervilie, Deco:o, etc.: 17 girls, $15; 10
girls $20; 13 young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per
month, assist, etc.; 6 small girls. MARTIN'S,
743 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS GEKMAN J-KCOSD GIRL AND
i X 1 seamstress. MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
4() WOMEN AND FOR OUR NUMER-
ttv ous situations, call early: laundr ss, plain
hotel, city, $2u; Danish cook, $25: ooardlng-bouse
, and hotel cooks, $25 and $20; housework girls and
ranch cooks, Orovllle, Wheailand, San Mateo,
Conrtlatid and other places, $25 and $20. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
\ OUNG WANTING GOOD HOME, TO
A act as companion, etc.: small wages: noofflce
fee. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
j \\ r ANTI D-TWii PROTE-TANT SECOND I
»» girls, $-'0; cook, German style, $25; 2 German !
I nurses. $JO: cook, small boarding-house, $26:
' chambermaid assist waiting, $20, and a large
number of girls for cooking and housework. J. F,
CROSETT A CO., 316 Suiter su
XVT AN . 1 D— GERMAN HOUSEWORK, $25;
»" American cook, $30: German cook, $36;
French nursery governess, $25: nurse, Institution,
$J6; French chambermaid, $.a LEON ANDRE,
• 215 stocxionat.
OOD COOK FOR A SMALL AMERICAN
» family, *25: German houseglrl, 2 in family.
$20; German housekeeper, $10; a number of
young girls 10 assist, $10 to $16; good cook for
Oakland, $30. MRS. G. NORTON, 315 Smter.
|"i IRL FOR SECOND WORK. *25; 2 COOKS,
VJ $30; cook, 3 in family, $.6; trirl for house-
work, 4 in family, »25: waitress, $20; 10 girls for
housework and assist, $12 to $25. MRS. HIRD,
721 Ellis st. ; ..
HOTEL LAUNDRESS, $20: COOK FOR FEW
men, country. $15, and housework girls. R.
T. WARD A CO.. 608 and 610 Clay s..
p IRLSOF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
VJ various positions. Ger. Em pi., 306 Mason at.
IV' 1 ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO LEARN
»T barb r trade; only 8 weeks required: tools
given and catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School,
1615 Howard .-.;.
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; SCAN-
VJ dinavian preferred. Apply 1202 Dolores su.
cor. Twenty-fifth.
\\f ANTED— GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
»' and assist with children; wages small. 118% i
Langtoa st.
p IR~LOR MIDDLE-AGED LADY FOR LIGHT
VJ housework and assist with children. 1433
Valencia st.
\\: ANTED — WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK,
'» washing and child; wages $12. 2833 Wash-
ington st.
A PPRENTICE WANTKD ON COATS; PAID
A while learning. 118 McAllister su
WANTED- A GIRL TO ASSIST IN GEN-
' ' eral housework. 226 Devisadero st.
GIRL FOR UP&TAIHts WORK AND WAIT-
f ing on table bet. 9 and 12 at 2932 Jackson at.
I ■yoUNu aiKL to assist; LIGHT house-
I X keeping; sleep home. . 29 Chattanooga st.
QSRONGGIRL FOR HOUSEWORK: GERMAN
O preferred. 1808 Larkln st.
GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUBE-
work; $12. Call at 246 Oak au from 10 to 12.
1, IR^T-CLASS TAILORESS ON CUSTOM
X. coats. 997 Market st., room 11.
"YOUNG GIRL FOX HOLSKWORK: SMALL
X family. 810 Montgomery St.
CIOMPETENI GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSK-
/ work. Apply 3319 Clay st.
A COMPOSITOR& 2506 POST STREET;
" three weeks' work.
V OUNG APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM COATS.
X 527 Natoma si. ■ \-
STRONG YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL
housework; wages $10. S. G., box 1, Call.
GE R.MAN Oil AMERICAN GIRL FOR GEN-
eral housework : care of children. 211 i.arkln.
GOOD FINISHER, ALSO BUTTON HoLE-
I maker and apprentice girls. 106 Battery su ■
GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS WORK AND ASSIST !
VJ children, $20. 1207 Gough st.
SARAH FALLS (NUR-E) WANTED AT 1052
Folsom st. ; something to her luteresU • . •
"VEAI GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING AND
■Li housework, $15; references. 1633 Geary. ■
ADY PARTNER rooming-hou.«« busi-
J ness; equal capital. C. WALTON, 339 Hayes.
\\! ANTED— HOUSEKEEPER; WIDOW PRE-
»» ferrtd. MR. SHOCK, 1323^ Natoma st.
\\r ANTED — A COOK; MIDDLE - AGED '
IT woman preferred. Apply at 306 Mock ton su I
\\T OMAN UNDER 26: LIGHT HOUSEWORK; \
»» $8 per month; lln family. Ed w., box 15, Call. 1
p IRL wanted to do general house-
VJ work and attend baby. Call 211 Capp st.
VOUXGGIHL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X wages $8. Apply 179 Noe si., near Fifteenth.
FLYNVS DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: BEST
X: on the coast. 14 McAllister St., room 66.
MEW SKIRT PATTERNS; JUST IN- 25c.
_i McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
ket st.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell sU, 105 9th.
HAIR DRESSING, 260 AND S6c: MOP.NINU
and eve classes; 10 legions,?! 60. 1248 Mission.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLK;
»i Winchester House, 44 Third «t.. near Market:
:cOO rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
r,«-r week: iree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
ECONDMCOok]^ REST : A^IVANTrS6b : ' VEG E~
table cook., restaurant, $45; 2 pot- washers'
restaurant, $26: 3 luuch and dinner waiters, $20: j
neat young man to carry off dishes, restaurant, !
city. $15; 3 waiters, hotels, city, $26. C. R.
HANSEN A CO, 110 Geary st.
"I A LABORERS NEAR CITY, $1 50 TO $1 75
XV a day: blacksmith, country shop. $1 60 11 day
and found; blacksmith, country, $2 a day- 3
Scandinavian or German milkers, $16. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary at. ;,-■•,,
v' ANTED-6 MKITto CHOP*WOOD AT $"l 50 I
" per cord, cood timber and all winter's Job,
tools and provisions - advanced, cabin on the
ground: butter-maker, first-class dairy, $xo and
board; 3 farmhands, $.0; milkers, laborer.-), cooks,
wul era and dishwashers. W. D. EWER A CO
628 Clay st. ' : ' ■
\\; ANTED— WAITER FOR NICE COF-
'» fee saloon, $7 per week. W. D.EWER ACO . I
626 Clay su ....
1, AKER, COUNTRY SHOP. $40 AND hOUND;
1 ' cook and wife for a country hotel kitchen, $66;
3 cooks, $30, $40. $60; 3 dishwashers, $15 and
$20; tailor: 10 drillers: 6 hammermen; carpenter;
6 farmers, $20; 4 <niners on shares. MURRAY
A READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. ' .
WANTED— COATMAKKRS FOX COUNTRY.
$16 week; stout youn« German to work j
about brewery, $20 and found: cook and chore- \
man, small ranch. $16; restaurant cooks, waiters
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 828
Sacramento st. ■••• '.. • '
»> WAITERS FOR BOARDING-HOUSE; MAN j
— for chores, etc., in restaurant; man and wife to
work in small restaurant; cook, $30 and room;
woodchoppers; restaurant butcher: porter for a
barbershop: kitchen helper, $25 and room; dish- ;
washer, $15 and room. MARTIN'S. 749 Market. |
tmICINO FOREMAN FOR ORCHARD, |
$26 to $30; plowband, $15; dairyman. $.'0: <
coachman and gardener, $30; man to dry firs by '
contract; waiter.*, $20 and «3l). R. T. WARD 4
CO., 608 and 610 C lay st. ■ :,'. ...
OUNG BOY, DRUGSTORE. 15 TO 18 YEARS"
Xs3 50 a week. Apply MISS CULLEN. 323
Putter su "■ ■'■.■• \- •■'■•"
\\r ANTED— A STEADY. MAN FOR A PER-
'» manent position: must be satisfied with $75
per month an i have $160 cash: no previous expe-
rlence required. ■ Apply 873^ Market su, room 1.
t) FIRST-CLASS EXPERIENCED GENTS'
— furntihlug goods salesmen wanted to-day : per-
sons holding certificates in U. .S. Industrial Agency I
am eligible. Room 16>, Crocker bui ding, v
, UTCHER AS PARTNER, , WHO • THOR-
' ■ oti'.'hiv understands, and take charge of shop; !
$200 capital required ; ■■-: fir»t-clas« flxtnres anil I
location. Address B. B.; box 106, Call Office. , :
ART ERRAND BOY WANTED TO LEARN '
tailoring. 987 Market a:., room 11.
HELP WANTED-ContlMned.
pLERK IN A FIRST-CLASS GROCERY AND
\J liquor business: must be of good address: state
age and where . previously employed. . P., box 67,
Call Office. . . ■ -,-.. v;v
.' ANTED — AN HONEST. EXPERIENCED
clerk for the grocery . business: hours, 7 a.v.
to 9 p. m. ; plenty of work; references. C , box 122,
Call Office. . _
\\T ANTED— LABORERS FOR . CONCRETE
»» work to work In country: 3 weeks' work. Call
at O'Farrell and Powell at 7:30; new building.
pARPENTKR WANTED; STEADY BUSI-
V. ness; living-rooms; $300 required. W., box
15, Call. .
\\r, ANTED— IMMEDIATELY; ORGANIZERS
*» fora fraternal beneficiary society ; good pay.
Call 1111 Jefferson St., Oakland, at 6 P. m.
'ANTED— YOUNG BOY TO LEARN CIGAR j
trade. 621 Sansome su •■;  V
RKSSER AND FINISHER ON COATS.
Call 21 Harriet st.
SHOEMAKERS WANTED ON REPAIRING
and new work. 202 Fifth st.
\ OUNG GERMAN BARKEEPER KORCOUN-
X try. Q.-CAR HUCKS, 14 i, ason St., 8 to 9 a. if.
ANTED— TINSMITH: AL PLUM-
ber. Apply POWER A PIKE, 49 Sacramento.
STEADY BARBER WANTED. ONE FOR
Saturday and Sunday. 1317 Stockton.
J^OOTBLACK WANTED-1715 MARKET.
\.i; ANTED-FIRST-CLASS BOAT-BUILDERS.
" 718 Third st. GEORGE W. KNEASS.
Cj» Q A FOR 10 DAYS; EASY TIMELY 10c
<g?OV/. seller: no capital. 424 Sansome, room 4.
»v ANTED— YOUNG MAN WHO CAN ROUT
and block cuts: steady job to a competent
party. Address, stating wages. 8,, box 9, Call.
CUTY SALESMAN FOB SOMETHING NEW.
) Apply bet. 8 and 10. B. W. PRINDLE, 401
Market st. . ■ : . .
SAILORS WANTKD AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
St., Mariner's Home.
" ANTED — SKAMAX AT THOMPSON'S
California House, 103 Clark st. .
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
Dot less than 5 feet 6 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their. intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
Dew cruisers. For further information apply at the
Becrnl.lng Office. 20 Ellis au, San Francisco. CaL
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKO.
I > P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARBKKS' EMPLOYMENT
O secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 667 Clay.
'J-CHAIR SHOP; DOING GOOD BUSINESS;
0 central; owner retiring from business. This
office. ."■-.
I»ARBER-SUOP FOR SALE; CHEAP RENT;
IJ living-rooms; good location; 15c shop. Apply
1127 Mission St., cigar-stand.
SHAVING PAIILOK; REASONABLE; Al
location. Apply Call Office, 36 Eddy st.
djj A PANTS TO ORDER; LATKST STYLES.
«IP WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 22 3 Geary st.
BK.SI IN CITY- -SING 1 E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and LeidesdorS sts.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washlnzton. D. a. for their $1800 prise
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted. 3
VTEW WALDU HOUSE, 7U5 MISSION BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— Single inrnlsbed rooms, night 16c to
£oc;week $1 to $2 60 ; read in groom strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
ANTED— SO MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
$1 week, 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosed ale.
>-N'S HALF-SOLING, 60c.: LADIES, 40c;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Flnck's.S.F-
-OOM.-> 160 'lv 76c PER NIUUT: 60c TO »1 60
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
on hand: shoes to order, $3 60; hand-sewed
shoes, $5. 726y g Howard st.. bet. Third and fourth
' INCUE»TERHOL>K 44THIRDST..NEAK
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; leading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
rpßY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
1 IN DELL HoU.-E, SIXTH AND HOWARD
■1 - bis.; single lurnished rms week. 16c ni«h:.
S.-REiiOV_.D FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 6c
ANTED— HINOLK KUUMS, 15c A DAY: $1
*-««k; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 6ila week;
reading-room: daily papers. «6 Clay st.
\\r ANTED,'! COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" trs&cierlcs. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutler
ANTED— -ABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed RolKin. Keno I House proprie-
tor, (till runs Denver Kouse, 217 Third su: 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh;-. $1 to $3 per ween.
ll|A_E?« TO TAKE LODUINU AT lOC, 15c
1 \'\J and 20c a nisht. Including, uj-eo roll*.
lit* Washington si., near Kearny. v ■
\\r ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
•' shoes up to 12 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at nig it while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men's
soling, 60c: flue shoes made to order rom $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 SO. 662 Mission a:., bet. First and Second.
— - _______________
AGENTS WANTED.
DON'T BE BROKE, SELL SAPONIUM: «3
day to men and women. 630 Mkt, rear office.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE
at . EUHAUS A CO.'S, tailors, 115 Kearny st.
EEDS' POPULAR WATER FILTER; $1 50
O will start you. BRICK A CO., 719 Market st.
A GENTS — -PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
-TV of General Nelson A. Miles." commander-ln-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters: the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
i. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market sU
HOUSES WANTED.
WE WANT .OME CHOICE COTTAGES,
'» houses and flats immediately to fill the de-
mands "f our clients settling for the winter. A. J.
RICH A CO.. Real Estate Agen a. 112 Montgomery
ROOMS wanted. ~~~
r^NTLElTA^DK^TßE^^^Ll^inKSri^^
VJ" ed room In Spanish family; reference given.
Address S. s.. box 50. Call Office.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~~~
ANTED-TO RENT A~l*M^LiriPLAcT
»» suitable and ready for the poultry business.
Address R.. box 105. Call office.
WANTED-BIISCELLANEOUS.
\\r ANTED— MEDIUM--izE~SECOND^AND
«' safe. Address, giving full particulars, H. J.,
box 19, call office.
OLD GOLD ANDS LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MIND, 1133Jfe Mission.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry m A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
* EDUCATIONAL.
IP RENO H ,SPA N ISH^T^I^oTdk^FILIPPE^S
Academy of Languat;es,32o Post st ;estab'd 1871
VI M E. MELVILLE SNYDr R, 715 POST ST.;
i.« v cat music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic actlug a specialty;
vocal class's Monday. 8 p. M.; $1.
EaLD'.s BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST
— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc.; 20
teachers: 15,000 graduates; catalogue.
AYRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 326
Montgomery St.; individual - instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
life scholarship $50. low rates per week and ma
STIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
0 college. 23 Market st ; expenses leu and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
ELASCO 1 .-. LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
-1 Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1. a O. F. block; 7th and Mkt
CCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING ME."
U thanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
assay: estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLES. 723Mkt
ISS BOLTE'S -CHuOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
St.: board; Eng., French, Ger.. piano: $30 mo.
ALMA K. HYi-.R, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
S*. jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNW, WiIITNG. ARITHMICGRAJIR
■XJ day&nl-ht;nocl»<ges; $5 month. 84 5 Mission
ROk\ LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN"
guitar, cornet, reasonable. - 225 Geary ,nr. PowlL
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-"
es plano,alnglng,French:s3 mo. R. 14. IOO'J Polk
MR. A MRS. KOLAM.ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolln. guitar, banjo. 9H.% Market %x.. opp. M ason
■ ■■-■.•• : HORSES. : ; ——————
4. HORSES FOR LE "fOKBOa RD? fFINE
T: sadale-horse: cheap. 164 Golden Gate aye. ;
RE AT BARGAIN; MIST BE SOLD ON AC-
count of death; 2 good hordes, harness and
i^4^k" B^ear g W^^' UOa;Ch ' ftp - lD^' re
HE t EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA.
J. eucia su. is the place to go If yon want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or harn-
ess: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
CA HEAD DRIVING AiND WOKKHORSKS-
OU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 863 Howard sf.'
150 US* *m KW V ° SJSCOKU HAND HAK-
X-tty ness, all kinds; wagons, cnggles, surrnya,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. v: 11-28 Mission i*
I; AKGE YOUNG DRAFTHORBES; HALTER
J J broken: cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
KfW| S>J-.l' NKU A.M» ftCO.N L-Ha.mj U.itf.
y u " ness: all kinds: buggy.wacon, carts, surrey
<fcrockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
4() UOKSKS^i-oK'SAtE; ALSO . WAGONS."
2v_ bogjles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horja
JJarket, 327 Bix-h st. auction sales every Wedua*-
Hay. bULJLIVAN & boYLE, Auctioneers.
■___■__ BUSINESS CHANCES. _ _^^^_
©Torin GROCERY AND BAR: or will
tiplOUU. take partner: elegant paying place;
this Is a money-making business. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye. - ' ••' : ■-:'-.' '■■ -
STATIONERY AND HAIR STORE: FINE
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms In
connection: see this place, it will Interest you.
T. LUBE-SKI. 7 City llali aye.
<ru - -i\ BAKERY BAKING 2 BARRELS OF
»J)OuU. flour per day; established 20 years;
fine horse and wagou, and a snap for the money;
see it. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. '
Q A LOON; C .RNER; ESTABLISH ED 16~
D years: No. llocalit-.- ; opposite carhouse: low
rent; long lease; fine living apartments: fsuitable
for a r roadhouse or hotel ; this is a money-making
place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
<_"7nn-ONB OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
•3S I \)\J. rant* 111 city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day, established 26 years: has
always made money, stand full Investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on investigation all that is claimed for i::
this is a rare chance. T. LUBELSKI. 7 city Hall ay.
<_. 1 r H RESTAURANT IN A THRIVING
tjp I t)U. neighborhood: doing good business;
opposite steamer landing: rent only $15; big bar-
gain; must be sold at once. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market aU _______
<Si'J^(\f\ SALOON, MARKET ST.; BEST
«JpOc>UU. fitted up place on the coast: 2 cash
registers, safe, eta ; larse stock of best quality on
hand; low rent; business will speak for itself;
more than value in sight; owner made fortune
and is retiring. sTEXBERG CO., 6*2 Market sU
lOHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUR-
nltures, restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. STENBEBO CO.. 632 Market st.
dT>O-.rv RESTAURANT; NEAR LARGE
<tS)_.iJv/. carnonse where 800 ■ men are em-
ployed; rent $15; clearing $75 monthly; best bar-
gain ever offered. STEN BERG CO., 662 Market.
TTOTELTO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YjSARS;
XX new 6-story and basement b ick building,
containing 98 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, naif block
north of Market st., and one block from Baldwin
Hotel and Emporium building: newly furnished
throughout: , furniture for sale on reasonable
terms. For further particulars apply to S. BIL-
VERBEKG. 320 Sansome sU. room 39.
IfOR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
-T llshed liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated 'In the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. pox 100. Call Office.
£••_),! A FOX SALE — A VARIETY AND
tJ)«JUV/. candy-store with fixtures, etc.; recently
opened; near school; new house; comfortable
living-rooms, baib, large yard: rent very moder*
ate; a rare opportunity for man and wife. Apply
at 1369 Halght st. , near Masonic aye , between 10
and 11 a. M. or 3 and 4 p. it. '
WANT A BUSINESS MAN WITH SMALL
capital not to exceed $500 to take charge and
manage manufacturing business while I travel;
grand opportunity; will clear $150 a month. 21 V»
Third st. room 5.
ALF INTEREST IN GROCERY BUSINESS
near the city; old stand good stock and trade:
old age and sickness cause of sale: bargain; no
brokers; cash price $11 00. Particulars of D. W.
PHILBRICK, 2548 a Folsom st. .
ARIETY-STORE; FINEST LOCATION IN
V Hay wards; good trade; will aell for $800 or
invoice; other business cause of selling; call and
Investigate. F. HOOSON, Hay wards; or apply
at Call Office.
CjO/\fK COFFEE AND LUNCH PARLORS;
tJpOVHJ. clears $40 weekly over all expenses:
best barg»tn In the city; don't fail to see it; trial
given. SKIFF. 921 Market. .
mo BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSI-
X ness of any kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
"L^OK BARGAINS IN SALOONS, GROCERIES
J and bars see GITS STUAND. 45 Third st.
1 I AQ SUTTER, COR. P(jLK. OVER WAKE-
-» XttO lee's drugstore— Newly papered and fur-
nished suite; suitable for doctor's office; $20;
other nice rooms.
RANCH BAKERY: 5 NICE LIVING-
rooms; yard with chickens; laundry office do-
ing good business; very cheap. 709 Point Lobos
avenue.
CtQPinn BEST -PAYING BUSINESS IN-
*iPOU\J\J. vestment In San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc.; established 1889; most be sold.
Address P.. box 35, Call Office. ;.- -y.
KADQUARTfc-RS FOR POULTRY
ranches and business chances of all kinds, E.
, HILL, Heal Estate and Business Agent, 997 Mar-
ket St., cor. Sixth. - : - •
CjOPLA 8 ALOON UP TO DATE; DOING
fiP^OXJ. fine business; In best locality; rent
cheap: disagreement of partners; bargain. 640
Howard st.
QO?: A STATIONERY. NOTIONS, CIGARS,
«JpO«Jl/. etc.; will sell by inventory; connected
with leading hotel ; Market st. MEALY, -3 Kearny.
CO; AVERAGE .WEEKLY NET INCOME
«JDOc> $250 invested -.Raft- -.conservative :freepros-
pectus of proofs. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. Y.
AN OLU-ESTABLISHED CORNER LIQUOR
■t \. store and bar; near City wall: account of other
business. Call at 103 Powell at. HIL-ERT BROS.
-V R A N RESTAURANT, STA-
tionery and notion store: low rent: 3 living-
rooms; will sell at sacrifice: sickness. Apply Call.
<fcK'\n GROCERY AND BAR; LIVING-
tIpUOKJ. rooms clearing $90 monthly; must
sell; rent $.0. McLEOD HATJE, 615 Market st.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. 1 OWAN BUYS
-■"\ stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise
fells on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
AKERY FOR SALE AT REASONABLE
price; good corner location; good outside and
store trade; .well osabiisted. Apply Call Office.
©OrvA, SALOON; ON WATER FRONT; ES.
«Jp«Jc»V/. tablisbed for 20 years: a bargain; slck-
ness cause of sale. Call at 1623 Sanchez st.
P. QUINN, 63 CHRONICLE BUILDING,'
• sells rune es, 1 stores, business properties, col-
lects rents and writes Insurance.
W ELL- PAYING LUNCH AND COFFEE
'» house: large yard: 50 chickens; $900; owner
must retire. 1 145 Tenth st.
C CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; LONG ES-
I tablisbed: best reasons for selling; must sell.
Apply Call Office. ~
1, OR SALE— GOOD SALOON. DOING GOOD
1 business; owner going East; $250. Apply 285
Third su . . *
KWSPAPER ROUTK IN INTERIOR CITY,
close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
AUN DRY ROUTE. ST. NICHOLAS liAUN-
dry, 17th st., nr. Folsom; call bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
DESTAURANT; MUST SELL THIS WEEK;
XX no reasonable offer refused 6 Golden Gate aye.
pORNEtt GROCERY AND BAR; NO OPPI>
\J sition: no agents. Inquire Call Office.
1 AIRY AND PRODUCE-STORE; 4 LIVING^
1 rooms: call at once. 1008 Hyde st.
1/RUITSTORE; ON ACCOUN 1 OF SICKNESS.
X 1 6 Sanchez st.
TT'OftSALE— CHEAP; GROCERY. FRUIT AND
-1' vegetable business. J. MONROE box 19. Call.
SHOEsHOP FOR.SAL.% CHEAP; FINE _.O^
cation. Apply 939 Howard st.
piIGARS AND STATIONARY; RENT $10.
\J 221014 Mission si., near Eighteenth.
AN WHO HAS $25 CAPITAL WANTED AS
partner by lady. 223 Post at., room 2.
ALO'iN; LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. IF
ply at Union Brewery. Eighteenth and Florida.
WANT A COFFEE SALOON o STATE LOCA-
tiou and particulars. I. R., box 93, Call.
ERCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURE
I>X bought by J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market, rm. 3.
ALOON TO LET. 829 HO WARD ST., BET
Fourth and Fifth.
oute for sale across the bay. in-
quire at 'all Office. •
LOST.
T OST— A PASSBO6k"wIT_ THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San t ranclsco.
In the • ame of ANDREW MARTIN, No. 167,072.
The finder will please return to bank.
"ICINITY SILVER AYE. AND SAN BBUNO
t road, Sep. ember 27, brown water spaniel-
name Brownie. Re war lat 1016 Union st.
PACKAGE WITH RELIGIOUS ARTICLES^
X Return to 31 Latayette St., rear, near Eleventh-
reward.
MONDAY. SILVER PURSE CONTAINING
money. B. turn 7 Sansome st. ; reward.
TOLEN— GOLDEN GATE BICYCLE. NO. 446. I
24-inch frame, 1895 model; $10 reward for re-
covery. JOSEPH HOLLE, Twen;lethanfl Folsom.
T ADY'S GOLD WATCH, JEWELED CASE
XJ Suitable reward by returning to ROBERT L.'
TOPLITZ A CO.. 645 Market st.
T OH NEAR CLIKF HOUSE, POCKKTBOOK
with sura of money. Return 3792 Seventeenth
St., near Sanchez: reward. .
"1 OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKNIA
-I Havings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of DAVID WILSON, No. 119.369. The
finder will p ease return to bank.
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of THOMAS B. LYNCH, No. 207,116
The finder will please return 10 bank.
. OST— NKWFOt'NDLAN D AND ST. BER-
* nard dog; bla -k witn white breast and foot;
one ear cut; reward. R. KEARNEY, 13 Pacific.
1 OST— ON FERRY OAKLAND, SKTpTkMBKR
X> 25, lady's ' alligator purse containing keys,
small amount of com and unset stone. Finder
please return to Call Office. '
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— I
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the I
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post- '
*ac free
:_-;_ ' _: '- ~i'OCND. ,„-:■„„,,„,,„„„„„_. .'
I^^OU^r^^R^Y^O^N^^O^roW^E^RTcALL
• 815% Ellis si. *"';
FKOFESSIONAJL CARDS. , ~"
OHN E. i.ICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
O 26 and : 27, Crocker building; . telephone Mala
76, Ban Francisco, Cal. . ... . ;
JOHN K. AITKKN AND MA L. ASHKR.
O aicys a. law, rma 515. 51 6. 5 h fioor.Parrott r>id^.
~~~~~~~~~ XO. LEASE. ,;. - L -
t^OR~^KNTToiT ,^ LEA.->K— l.o- VARA~LOt"seT >
X: cor. Polk and .Jackson sts.: rent $50 per
mont— ■ Address J. b.. i- bansonw su, S. _•. [
LOpGING-HOrBES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR SALE^^ THls'daY— -— —^-—
FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS—-
— THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
27-room house. $700 i 2- room house $500
10-room house. 150 \ • 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms, cor.. 3,000 14 rooms onSutter 700
11 rs., must sell 200 66 rooms,bestclty.3,soo
16 rooms, new. 1,250 • 31-room louse .1,100
27 rooms, new. 3,000 ; 10 rooms, corner.. 8,000
200 rooms,hotel.slo,ooo 11 rooms, only .. 75
85 rooms. " 2,500; 10 rooms. Jones st. 300
—I SELL ANl> EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE—
AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS—
H. C Di-.CKER. 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
ROOM HOUSE HI
FINE LOCATION — — — .
-ROOMS ALL KENTKj) — : — .
■ PBICE ONJ-Y S-'O .
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
/ff'-KO»JI HOUSE; OWNER SICK AND MUST
rt\J leave city. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
ROOMS; RENT $100; FINK LOCATION.
V X Apply H. C. DECKKrt. 1020 Market St.
JO- ROOM HOTEL, CLEARING $LOO PER
v month. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
CORNER HOUSE; 32 ROOMS: NICELY FUR-
I nlshed. DECKER, 1020 Market su
C PECI AL-^25 ROOMS; ~. SUNNY CORNER
tO home; full all the time; this 13 the best in-
vestment In San Francisco. For prompt, reliable
service buyers and sellers may call on _ KS. A. M.
ELK lAS. 906 Market at., rooms 11 and 12.
I 7 Rl oils O.\ POWELL ST., NEAftGEAKY.,
J • a bargain; 10 rooms on Geary, near Taylor,
• nice home and income besides. A. M. ELKINS,
90t> Market st.. rooms 11 and 12.
1 00 LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE; PRICKS
X \J\J from $100 to $5000. See STRAND & CO.,
46 Third st.
ODGINO - HOUSE, 9 ROOMS; RENT $20;"
water free; good location. B. 8., box 119,
Call Office.
BURNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130 ROOMS;
I I $300 to 810,000. PHELPBA"-o. t 9171T-r-i-.
<J__nn 8 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS: 1
<TJ)1l/U. block from Baldwin Hotel. Apply Call.
<SiA?\(\ 20 Xl OMS: FULL! RENT $35-
I «g)^:OU. snap. See sKIFF, 921 Market st.
-ÜBNITUKE FOR SAXIE^
o~"inT'>"Ew~^?cmE"n^^
are In it: four floors, running from Mission to
Minna St., in all 3Ya acres of floor space, are
packed with household goods of all kinds, parlor
bedroom and kitchen outfits of all kinds and in
endless variety; if yon are thinking of purchasing
anything needed in a home, from a pairofolan-
kets to a completely furnished house, pay us a
visit; it costs you nothing: our numbers are 1017
1019, 1021 and 1023 Mission St., above Sixth, j
NOON AN. •
T L J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH ST., FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or
good as new; cash or time: open evenings.
LAT— B ELKGANT NEWLY FURNISHED
rooms; $300: bargain. 967 a Howard st.
A(\l\ CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS. $uT
rlUv/ stoves, $5: parlor eels, $20: folding-beds.
$10: bar outfits. T D. McC'RTHY. 764 Mission.
CARPET CLEANING. *
A~~^FA^U'E~ >^AißP^^LiEAl?rNG^Coir^o3
--.Sutter, tel. Main 394. S. S. FERGUSON.mangr.
E. MITCHELL. CARPET-CLEANING CO..
• 240 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia. 74.
ONES <fc CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AJJD _7
Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 1061.
C A YARD AT GREAT WESTERN CABPK.T
Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st.
pAitPET CLEANING, 3&: LAYING. Be. : RUGI
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Btratton. 19 Bth au
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDIN Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353- &7 Tehama st. ; teL So. 40.
OONKLIN'S CARPET -EATING WOKK_ Hi
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
pITY STEAM CARPETCLKANING.RENOVA-
VJ Ung. an Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL boat a 250.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATBQ
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO. 23 Tenth: I*.
font li So. (> >• «( ■ KI\TI »< : I .<•(-> inirrp^on.
I'UKNITUKE WANTED. '
IF YOU W A nT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNi-
i lere and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
ASH PAID FOR ENTIRE HOUSES OR
smaller lots of furniture, carpets, : etc. J.
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal.
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO. PAYS
highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st. .
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays rash
bicycles. ~
e^o^Jd^hand^3a^7alin^T^r^a^f7srd7
$30: Barnes, «55; Ben Her, Ladles'. *50; Fow.
ler, $55: Ladies' Fowler '-96," a bargain; also
others. DAVIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
IGH-GRADE 2D-HAND WHEKLS $25 UP;
sundries below cost. 216 McAllister.
rfiRY F.Nh. '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
N. HAWLEV. 318 Market st.
PARK cycler y— new wheels to _it:'
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho
Alllster and Powell St. car lines.
tOli SALE— HISCELLiANEOUS.
ASK FOR THE $20 SOLITAIRE DIA. RING,
-— worth $40. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
JUNE YOUNG FRESH MULE CuW: THIRD
caif. Apply at the Red House, 5900 Mission
Bt.. cor. Sickles avc, Ocean View.
•\TACHT-SLOOP: 26 FEET LONG: KKIFF:
X cushions and sidelights new. 1310 Pacific
Ir>Oß SALE— BUFF & Bt RGER TRANSIT:
J nearly new. EDWARD, 530 California st. .
XJEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST."
KM W. a RAY MFG. CO., 1 2 California st.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 mission, nr. 7th.
CIOFFEE M.ILL, SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
Ks stand desk, money till, aafa, cheap. 102 Clay.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AM D BAT-
X' tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First su.
near Mission.
S" PLENDID REMINGTON TYPF.WRITKR.
$45 : others from $20 up. REVALK, 409 C&L
IjOILERS,ENGL>ES.2D-HANDMACHINERY"
XJ waterplpea. Mclntoah & Wolpman. 137 Bealel
pOUNTKKa SHELVING. SHOWCASES
V^bars bought A sold. 1121^ Markt.bet 7th A
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
**- cost; hood tops, $5,50 up; repairing; opea
evenings. S. if. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
glne: good as new; $'<*). Apply 215 Bay st.
! UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH_»"
tioorg. mantels, etc. f->r sale. 1166 Mission.
SEWING MACHINES. ~"
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, BOLD, EXCHANGED.
rented, repaired: lowest rates. -JOS Fourth St.
MUSICAL INSTKUMENTsI
DECKKR BROS . GRAND, LIKR NEW FOB
sale cheap. BTATHAM A CO., 106 McAllister.
AN ELEGANT HABDMAN PIANO SACRIT
Heed by a private party obliged to dispose of
It. Room 12, Flood building. 809 Market st/^
4-STORY BUILDING. CORNER O»
Kearny and Butter st?., full of pianos: these.
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
$3, $4. $6. $6, $7. $8. $9, $10, $12, $15: $20 and
$25 per month : the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to Stein way Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when belter pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments ? every
piano guaranteed; tine wood-seat stool and draped
cover included; co charge for dray age: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY «_ CO., cor. Kearny and Suttwr sts.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein.
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast. . -
1 BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CAKLOAD
X lots and for cash, and being in mv own build-
ing, with do rent 10 pay, I can offer any one desir-
ing an instrument better for less money than
any other music house in San Francisco: investi-
gate and be convinced. HARRY sCOTT, 628
Hayes st- ■
A CTUaLLY THE BEST BARGAINS IX PI-"
-TV anos; see our list lor this week: pianos on Si
4, $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pav-
menia; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
! free anywhere in th* city and kept tuned by ex
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO
( salesrooms 9SS Market su, opp. Mason,
> IMMKNSE STUCK OF .NEW AND HEc"
ond-nand pianos from leading makers- no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours is the oldest and largest music-bouse west f
Chicago: call or write. KOHLKR A CHaSF <>v*
O'Farrell St.. San Francisco. ■ ~* ABil " 8
|. ARGAIN; PIANO FOR $76, $100, $175 jcorvi
1 - and $260. at MAUVAIs'. 76* Market su
KTIRING FROM BUSINESS— PI ANOS ATA
At sacrifice to promptly close out stock; Knabe
CO., n 324 a p d o B t U st h * GmS - A - U BASC^T4
ft 1 KLKLKIJ walnut upright Rll
ton make plane, BRCENN'i^ 228 Post
VI AONIFICENT STKINWAY UPRIOht a tst
M Schubert : lltUe used .sacrifice. 1C!19 Van Nes«
pOOD UPKIOHT « HEAP — — A „-
IT HCHMlTZ.ieaicAlli.tw^xt Hi^nia'sVu^
Vy ■ Ii. B.aDGEK ,SOL-. AUKNT KOit Uai, k 7
YV .* Davis and Francis b^ oaj^ «A LLhl
:orrenu PENJ. lUKIaz 1™ iJo^S"
s^-b_afa-A^_g_CTKF
a g.s.sSSsgg
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. "
«ended^U.^Ho^»°g^,J>ee^, tt^
\ OAK F. FLOOD. L A W v"l» u »i — -
xN bulldln,: consultatC^.t2— \ ~^S°JSS?~~IP_-iS3j--~^. -^
7TROivi)WAY.NEAB7GOUGHTsUNNY SIDE:
J / 10/ rooms: attic, basement, heater, etc.; lar f!
erourjas; rent low on lease: will re it compel >•>>
furnlaaied if desired. Apply MADISON &BL KB-*-
-628 .V irket St. . _ __
Vi AYE.. COR. (1106). CONTAINING
VlO rooms, baths, large b-sement, etc.. »P &
clais 10/c-.ion for physician. Apply MADi» Ui
BURKtE, 626 Market st. -—
{♦ WAjLLER "ST.. NX CORN S :B i«-:*«4a
V>houlje: 10 rooms and bath: auu all •>»? '
Apply \l ADI SUN A BURKE. ■ J__ '. ___
2TsSi£?ig'S^fg^^JVgg!f_
£Xk) b at ti wo. MADISuN_&JJ l J i _-r
'ml
7— r- — .T m kGK ROOMS:
Howard. . '
' <TitnnM<; "rl™": — rv 7d' BAY-WINDOW
(8 r^SJ^ai?* 19 -h-^- P^.off Folsom.
777- „.— -. fi -PSSY ROOMS. 709
;S1 i . Lau7e, A^:. n'r and Turk sts.
~CI»A-i hiiiisk .^.-.-uTtUOMS; -IN PERFKCT
8 40l ortei^l^ ly.'wwOonehiu
oeewTwitN'fv .:> o.vD, nk. DOLORES— 6
OOOb nice ™.mv and bath; rent $12 Q.
r. U Kv V -„. Iii.LSK; 5 ROOMS AND
0 hnthJi. . parden: bas«ment: rent $12;
8 rJoms^u^k ' * 10 ' 13 « 6 "reenwuAt.
rrrKTrnrTv^fi • ' ;MS: BATH; LAUNDRY; PAN-
-! irv> 5. Jn- ol yarti : «beap. 780 Capp st., nr. 23d.
V 7i.'STniA'\-' loU8 ' t '» 6 ROOMS: BATH; KENT
<£* $22, ' water. 621 ° c avla st,
•5— — — .; SUNNY HOUSE; 6 ROOMS;
,S^9 # fa.b; large flower-garden; cellar. 613
. Grove st '
T/H>K 1 11. CHOICEST LIST OF HOUSES GO
J* to A. J- rtICH A Co., Real Estate Agents, 11-'
2TA>ntpomer>\Bt^ '
Wor.-rijr^ ROOMS, BURNISHED; RENT
XT. $14.' Appry 515 Second st.
r-j,ihA~NTsU.\NY HOUSE, 12 ROOMS; COR.
Xj Twenty-first and Guerrero sis.; Tine view elec-
tric rs very low rent; s*-e iv Key at corner.
E" LKUANT >UXSY HOUSE, 8 KOOM!?: MOD-
em improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Me-
Allistersu */v _^
oUSI-.S 1O Kl-.-Nl' FUK VERY i.JtiLK
money st BALDWIN, & HAMMOND'S. 10
Monifomfrvßt * f __^__
~~~~ FURNISHED HOUSKS.
Q I 7 EDDY, NKAR VAN NESS-COMPLETE-
...OI I I-.- furnished; 12 room*-. Ion? or short term.
BALDWIN <ft HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st
COT'IAGIiS TO _XT.
R i .l.L.-r"x"HTsTKINEH-COT-
-1 cUr tage of ti rooms and bath; rent moderate.
OTTAGK, 4 ROOM-: LARGK YARD; ST A-
\J b'.e tor 2 horaes. 15 Eureka, btu 17th and 18th.
t'N.\ V COTTAGES. 4 AND 5 RtH>M-->, «AiH,
yard and stable. eenth ana uolores nts.
_• in -. . COTTAGE IN TOWN, 3 TAY ST.,
5" I U. J' '. off (.lay, bet. Powell and Maaon.
I , TO 6 KOOil NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES;
■ t lglotosls. 81'ECK A CO., 602 Market sU
"tijiOl MISSION— SPLKNIJI D COTTAR E 8
J.C*jL~i rooms an 1 b:i;h: yard: flower trarcl»n: $18.
FURNISHED FLATS.
SUNNY FLAT; f>-ROOM BATH; MARINE
view; reasonable. 1332 Union su, nr. Polk.
1.-'URNTTIirfcrS-t.OOM FLAT; NO DEALERS;
. J -« o»l opncirilin'ty to hny. '17 I afaveite s'.
* LAI'S TO LET.
j£T, j q CHKAPESf STjiiN^ FLAT;
C 10. 4 rooms and bath. Cor. Nineteenth and
Hartford. v ■ -
"I C I (i LKAVKNWORTH— FLAT 6 ROOMS;
XOXO bath: gas: rent $17.
F YOU AKT A NICE sunny FLAT, or
J- cottaire. see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to leu T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(iO 1 HOWARD— 4 ROOMS AND BATHI
"L^LAT OF 3 ROOMS; RENT $12 60. MO
C Leavenworth st.
i'j"v" UPf'KK FLAT~ i ROOM - : HALL:
tJplVf. double parlors. 1606*4 btevenson St.,
near Eighteenth.
TTPPKR FLA 6 SUNNY ROOMS. 812^_
• U (north sidr) H»lght st.
09- TKHAMA ST.-A MODERN FLAT OF 6
«J— rooms and bath; rent reduced.
l rp::R flat; i rooms; BATH; 2 BAY-
• *J windows: sunny Mdc: 14 - 418Va Lily aye.
COZY~4-KOOM FLAT; MODERN IMPltOVE-
mfnls: walkiuc distance: r nt low. Owner,
DEaKIN. 8 New Montgomery at. , aristore.
7 1 A N ATOM A— FLAT: 4 KOOMS; SUN ALL
1 J- ~r day; lar^e yard; $10.
OCTAVIA, BET. WALLKR AND
' opp- Va encia; rent greatly reduced: ihecneai.-
est flats in the city-: sun all day: will be put in iirs:-
cla^s order; 6 and 7 rooms ana bam; $20 and $25.
—MADISON A BURKE. 826 Market st.
(il 'I HyTSE— T r ll . MOST . ELiiGANf, FLAT 1
L/i-O in the city: 8 rooms bath, butler's pantry, !
etc.; 6 rui nines from Kearnv or Market sts.; $50.
Apply MADISON & BURKE,
A>D-O.ME I:PPER FLAT OF 7 BOOMS ;
and bath; sun in every room. 2409 Pacific
aye., near I iilmore.
DALE PLACE, OFF GOLDEN GATE AYE.,
bet. Leave nwurth and Hyde — 6 rooms and hath.
EDICED T<< fib": NICE 4-KOOii. i-LATS:
6, 12 and 'J.: Birch aye.. off JLarkin, o(.p. city
\ Hall: newly papered, decorated. bHAXNWALD,
IiI'CKBKE <_ CO., 218 and 2_aO Monu-ornersu
I QW.CuR. FOLIUM AND THIRTEENTH MS -
O * upper fiats. 1. and & rooms and bath; 1 tot- '
j tage, 6 rooms and bath and stable for 1" horse and
I wagon; rent reason-b.e. Apuly at 113 Thirteenth
\ St., near Folsom.
1 VIM! SU>NY UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND
■j X bath. 1006 Jackson su, above Mason.
1/LAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; FINELY DEC-
jI orated. 925 Greenwich st. .
SUNNY TUP FLAT: 4 KOOMS; ALL LATEST
improvements. 713 Grove
V" ICE SU -N NY FLATS OF 4 OK 6 ROOMS AND
,Xi bath . reasonable, ti Dearborn sU, off aeven-
teenth, above Valencia. ,
; W •***'* J%l> ~'' IjOoD TENANTS; RENTS
CO., e^ar^'su 11 " C ° U " SeB - bI " tCK *
I VLATs TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
, X money at BALDWIN is, HAMMOND'SL 10
.Montgomery st.
3 SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH
, O $1 1, $10 and $9. 21/41 >larr!,on 18th '
:i TTPPEK FLAT OF 6 SUNNY KOUMS;
rent $15 per month. 434 Clementina »v
UPPER FLAT. 6 iiOOMsTBATH- CELLAR-
opposite Lurllne Paths. Key m 2 Larkin su.
/ VLAT 1215 JACKS »N. NfcAR LFAVEN.
1 X I worth; hlso 1464 Lenvenworih, corner Japt«on-
each contains 6 rooms and bath: lUemanfeis- r>or-
celaic tub: nearly imr; rent. $25 and ».>7 60.'
VTICE SUNNY tOitNER FLATrT"pot)-tS
IN and bath; $27 50, 833 Haight. coraor\veb»te r
2 MOD r.RN SUNNY LQKNEKFLATa~7AN-ll
A 8 rooms. Inquire at 417% Third st. '
•1 A WATER ;Fj*EK - L 'VELY^LowTr
TJD 1 "1. modern 4-roorn flat; sun all day. lsiw^
St., half block from Market and sixteenth. ua
SUNNY - WINDOW FLATS:
room* and bathroom; rent $20. _652 Pmv
St., near Clay. lX
UNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 1710 Wa"riT
Ington, nr. Polk: 6 rooms: bathroom ; rents 2&.
LOWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LA K(Te
XJ rms: yard. 30 Moss, bet, 6th and 7th. off Howd.
Ql Pv 5 SUNNY BOOM-i; BAY-WINDOW"
xO. 28 eat Mission, near elftb.
A WKK^VfJf?! , FOR '""cMfTS-THW
-n. wjt.th.LY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
JtIOIihKKJiKrXNO ltOOJls.
A very .Street. *"
(i AVERT. OFF POST ST., NR. FILLMORK-S
y furnished rooms for bath aud housekeeping,
$1« "0. * f
Bush Street.
OI9OBUBH-2 PARTIALLY FURNISHED
*- *■ ~' J room 8 for light housekeeping.
Castro Street.
4 Of) pf^TRO, REAR-3 NICE" HARD-FIN-
•* v " sunny unfurnished :large yard :c seap.
_.<ldy Street.
015 « D 1 Y -3 OR4UN FURNISHED ROOMB-
-**x\j fine location-, private family: reference.
917 " DDY -2 OR 3 NICELY FURNISHED
" x ' housekeeping rooms; private family.
Eighteenth Street.
9Q09 EIGHTEENTH —3 BUNNY. FUR.
I", '-.- .T' nlsn ed rooms; housekeeping; adults; $10
a month.
* iith Street.
119 f«TH— SECOND FIAT, 2 FURNISHED
/x ' housekeeping rooms. $3; single room, $1 50
1 4 •") •» I 1/ 1 '" - i KO( >M^ FURNISHED >OK
-»t^3 nons>keepii lg .si2p.. rnlontn . a i BOO thers.
ivl «om .Str«e t .
974 BBBSflia_J__i!*a*
■ . . fourth Street." ~
413 L°^y T^l n^h ; c L a " p ° E HOOMS -
mi, - . r«o .
191 1 GEARY, OPP. PARK-*] 6: ALCOVE
.in^. JL.i alt 5 » nd joining room, with porcelain
sink; bath; 3 closets: iornlshed. jwo-eiaio
22 50 ruß AD .° LT * '' SCOMFOKTAKLI
*®4.A.O*J. rooms: bath;ail necessaries; 2 beeT
reference required. 1917 Geary st. lea ' z DeGa •
<-» rove .Street. .
14q GROVE, NEAR VAN NEBS - FRONT
. LIO and back parlor; use of kitchen; #12?
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Harrison Street.
I 1 47 HARRISON. BET. SEVENTH AND
I- 1 " 1 ' Eighth— 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeplngi rent reasonable.
-* '-"want street.
({AQ HOWAP.D-3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
II X < > housekeeping; ground floor: yard.
Q99 HOWARD— AND BACK PAR-
U-.-. lor: furnish, d light single; $4 up.
1 1 49 HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT HuUSE-
xXri£j keepluK rooms: range: $10.
1 Of-JK HOWARD — 2 OK 3 FURBISHED
j.VjUVJ housekeeptng rooms; cheap.
1 7.',' HOWaRD^S OB 4 NICELY FUR-
-1 I *.)>) nished rooms for a family, alcove parlor:
large kid bedroom: gas: bath; sunny; rea-
sonable rent to responsible parti-
. Ivy Avenue.
1 it a IVY AVK —2 FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
J---^i nished rooms for light housekeeping; large
yard. ' » _^__^^________
Jessie Stree..
U&f\ JESSIK— 3 NICE ROOMS: UNFUR-
Ot)U nisned ; middle floor; yard: cellar: rent $!'-'.
Lewis Street.
1 n LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3 UN-
J. D furnlshi-fl sunny -upstairs rooms: $11.
J.IIIMI ..CO..
<-i MINNA— SUITE ROOMS, FURNISHED
T O~r for housekeeping; srparate entrance. ' •.-; : J
firj.j MINNA, NEAR SEVENTH— LARGE
010 front rooms and kitchen complete; sunny
yard: cheap. _^
Jilhß.O- . ret),.
QF^n MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED
OiiU rooms: private; board optional ; reasonable.
1 fWA mission— sunny bay-window
XVJ_ i T r onis for housekeeping, 1, Bor 4.
-I n-O MISSION— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
Ivi)O ing rooms; American faml.y: cheap rent.
1 nfi'-Jl MISSION— BEAUTIFUL SUITES;
l*'vJO2 housekeeping and other .rooms; clean;
cheap. •-;, . ,
Nutuimt Street.
/■« A C NATOMA— 3 FURNISH ROOMS COM-
U~J«J pietefor housekeeping; $12. :
Ninth Street.
<T)f\ NINTH ST. — FRONT SUITES; LIGHT
S\J housekeeping; single; crate: gas; also 248
Eighth st.
"I 99 NINTH -FRONT AND BACK PARLOR
J. _.— suite, furnished hsekpng: j{as bath: che»p.
Octavia Street.
1 JO^ OCTAVIA, COR. GKARY— FURNISH-
Ii"O ed; bay-windows; kitchen; gas stove:
$12 up. ■ ■
o'tJtiTell Mxetik.
QO' O'FARRELL -UPPF.R FLOOR; 3 SUN
O—O rooms; llgnt houbebeeplne; private family, j
Pearl Street. *
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— 1
Front and hac>< parlor: furnished for housekpg.
; ■ Point Loops Avenue.
9190 POINT I- BO'— 2 KURNISHE' SCN-
- 1-« ny rooms tor housekeeping; Lath; no
children; $12.
i oik street. 7
f*-\ "I POLK— SUNN v, FURNISHED ALCOVE
U l. 1 with kitchen, gas stove, bath; also single
rooms. .
oViv" Second .Street.
«On SECOND — RUNNY ROOMS; HCVUSE-
tt-J-j keeping; water: bath: o her rooms; $4 up.
• • htevenHnn -lire. *
AO7 STKVENSON, BETWEEN FIFTH AND
Tt— I Sixth— let, 4 elegant rooms: rent $16;
very convenient. Apply within, or 705 Oak st.
Tehauis Street.
JQOTEHAMA-2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
TOO furnished complete; private family. '--»•; --.
1 kIM M cc.
pOLTON HOUSE, 2-^u THIRD ST.: SINGLE
\J suites, lieht housekeeping, $5 up: yard.
ci q THIRD, cor. SOUTH PARK — fuF-
OxO nished housekeeping-rooms: range: water. ;
V mkk >>eoa AVituun,
71 A VAN NESS AYE. — SUNNY FRONT
I I\J rooms, completely furnished for house-
-eeplng: $18. -
: V J .'. . Washington street.
tAO WASHINGTON— S UN N V UN F R-
OKJZi nlnhed housekeeping rooms; running water.
. Yt elgh, htreet. v,
lid. WELSH, OFF FOUR! H-2 OR 8 NICELY
■I -I T" furnished room* for h-'us'-keepine: <-tieap.
KOO3IS TO - LET/ ~~ ~~
. i>uaii Sti-00..
Qf\n BUSH— NICELY FURNISHKD BACK
O\JQ parlor for a gentleman; reasonable.
Clara Street.
1 f\A CLARA— 2 TENEMENTS OF 3 AND 4
X\J _: rooms each; $8.
Devisadero Street.
1 Q33 I»EVISAI)KRii, COR. CALIFORNIA—
J OOP Elegantly furnished sunny rooms.
. . i.«idjr .streo;.
000 EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOM;
OO~i gas anl bath: terms moderate.
<"kUt.)l Mlum..
CHKBMA^ ArAR'IMKM HOUSE. V PTH
0 »:.. n»>ar Market: lurnisho.i and unfurnialiocl.
-"-ii-- •■■■ rev..
THE BAMOIfA, 130 ELLIS: Mft.^ KATB
1 ART. maniwt^r— A quiet house: rentrnlly 10-
-rsted; newly furnished: elevator: hot A cold w'a>r.
09 1 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O-JJ. lodging we recommend the Rosedale House.
I'olsoin Street.
QZ.IJ FOLSOM-SUNNY ROOMS; WELL FUR-
-001 nUhed; front, $2; outside. $1 26 upward,
per week.
i>e«try >•- eet.
91 7 GEARY— 3 SUNNY ROOMS IN REAR-
**X I cottage: key premises. ■
090 AND 330 GEARY — NICELY FUR-
O^iO oished rooms, single or double; running
water; grates. - . ■ ...,-*'
A 1 U GEARY-KENOVATED ANl> NEWLY
~TX O fiirnlnhed suites and single; or hou^ekpns.
C 1 Q GEARY — KLKGANT SU.sNY Parl
OXO lors; single or en suite: other sunny rooms.
1 |A] GEARY (THE MARTINKTTE), COR.
X 1 v/X Van Ness— Fine suites; newly furnished
1 unuril Mreo..
fiOO HOWARD, OPP. NEW MONTGOMERY—
U— O Quieu cean single room; *4 upward.
 liytie street.
6 HYDE — NEW LV FURNISHED LARGE
sunny front room; $15. ■ . .
Jessie Street.
~1 A JESSIE, NR, SIXTH-NEWLY FUR-
QX.\J nisned sunny room; including bath; $8.
iluiipii <iiren..
m JONES— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM; ALSO
____ sunny suite; private. -
207 •' l> M r .K-1H- VA.N WlttKlttt; X»W
. „ ' tnanaeement: elegant ' tonny salted an J
jj°fj^ii»-wly inrnlghed; bath, tic: »10 to asa
>. tirnr niirw
A I . KGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNT -
riuH in " l aunnv rooms, en suite and single; first
" ° ev^y respect; terms reasonacle.
1-k.rltln Street.
327 L J ,^ RKIx . COR. GOLDEN GATE AVE.-
.^^^^^turnUhed rooms; suitable for p by-
L **'enworih street.
1906 r^m«', EN ' WORTH . NEAR GREEN-5
— """" sunny side,
V SSEWl^f?^ 2^* MABKEt - TKB
IO Ti^»lc. »1 60 10 $5: famlllea.
2201 hall-
rooms; snitable for offlce r ! llBhe<l and unfurnished
2 suites.
Un^Mr©si
546 room,!^^* »Om FURNISHED
b6 i furn^SSS^nrroHTH-NKWLY
ZlJ^naowj-ooins: $1 per week.
-»-«»»lon "" . — ~
04 ( rooms by - KEwTv FunMaHED
O<kl rooms by «a>, wSJ ."BSIBHBD
per day. " weeK o r month, 25c to $1
: i2____iSSiav E -
*'*>»t Street. "" "
9Q£v POST-THIS BUILDINO iv ,
apartments In the cltv; c" r apnSmi, M<>BT «M-
-apartmenu In the clcl- : c",?^ I "'^ o£ H' es and
airy; gentleman •. 'P'^ea ,™"&' " Khta^
nishtd: all modern cunvenle»V, ",|tffi r or «ur-
-47 D i-OST— LARGE LIGHT silvvT —
well street. " —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Seventh Street. .' .
-1 OC SEVENTH — NICELY furnished
XOD front slncle rooms: $1 per week. - .
1 ,1 .> BJh.VE.NTH— PLEASANT ROOM 5 FOR
1 'i.Si housekeeping: also single rooms.
• .-.jLiii - reel.
90 SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOM<; NEW FIRE-
-00 proof building; all conveniences; quleu
>tfv«insoii Str«e..
QC\"i STKVKNTON— SMALL DOUBLE ROOM:
\)Zi ( $1 a week: upstairs: lady preferred.
. btockKin street. .
TTiUHOPF.AN (Tn 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XX nlsh^d suites, $4 to $10;>!ncle rooms. $1 50 to
$3 wrek: 6') c to $2 night: hot and co.d running
water In every room: baths; e.evator; transient.
1;a.)1 STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
_ \JJL-> rooms: suites or single; reduced rates.
u.ier - i roc
rj(\c\ SUTTKR, COP. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I \JO newly lu-rnished sunny mis; suite or single.
'layior .-jtreej. .
1 fid TAYLOR— 2 LAKGK ROOMS: RUNNING
x\JO water; closets- suitable for 2 men; $1 week.
I Q 1 TAYLOR— NEWLY Rt.N«JVATh.D SUN-
10 1 ny furnished rooms. -
- .)»_) TAYLOR, R. POST — NEW LV FUR-
*)&-j nished sunny rooms; all modern conveni-
ences. ____JU_i
I>l t) TAYLOR— M ELY FURNISHED
01 —. large sunny suite; rent $15.
In nil St.ro.o;.
, 7 THIRD— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
-I 1 suites; single rooms; transient and tourists.
yl 7 THIRD— LARGE.SUNNY.CLEAM RMS.;
Oil double or single: aay, week or month.
'1 urk Street.
' J A TURK-SUNNY FRONT BAY-WINDOW
O~Tn. room; terms moderate.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
TfW Ti "califoiTn i a^n k\vL y'fT- n nTsTTe d
l>J—\-> sunny alcove room; also others; table
boar.i.
in-} 1 FINE, COR. JONES-SUNNYCORNER
lUO'i suite: first-das^ table board.
Q I P. VAN NKSS, NR. O'FaKKkLL— H AND-
•J 1 O 6"mely furnished suite; batb, dres^lug-
rooiu aojoimii!;; use of piano, parlor, etc.; home
cooking; private family: flower garden: couple or
young men; fine location tor physician: reasonable.
f^CM POWELL- SUNNY COKNh.lt SUITES
t)l>- n&u ttersu; excellent board; reduced rates,
nil G'FaRRELL — NICE SUNNY ROOM,
*J Lx suitable for '-; board optional. "
PLEASANT SUNNY FRONT ALOOVK ROOM.
-I n cely furnished, with excellent home cooking;
private t'nmliy; terms moderate Address Cen-
tral, box 7, Call Office. -
QfiO VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN.
01/O ny rooms: good board; reasonable. *
OTKLBtKUI.Mi, 714 BUSH ST.— A FA M-
l ly hotel; references given and required ; all
modern conveniences.
jOj EDDY - ELEGANTLY FURMSHKD
T_j*_ rooms; tab!« and appointments strictly
first class. ; .
HEAPESTAND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to an,- address in tra
United States or Canada one year for 81 60, post-
age free. "^
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TADY WISHES TO BOARD A CHILD;
OJ mother's care; healthy locality. E. T., box 5.
Call Office. ' . '
STOKES TO LET.
TonTitimvA^irooß^fEXF^uß^^
IOUL Fine comer store; 4 living-rooms; rent
reasonable.
"L ROM' PART OF STORE TO L_T. INQUIRE
-T barber-shop, 779 Market si.
ARUE BUILDING SUITABLE FOR CIGAR
factory, etc., 704 sansome su; rent very low.
BBAINWAXO. BLCKuEE A CC, 218-2^o Mont-
gomery st.
i "ORNJiR STORE. CEMENT BASEMENT
\J and four rooms: suitable lor bakery or drugs;
rent cheap. B. II , box 115. Call.
Ol POLK. NEAR MARKET— LARGE STORE;
O3 4 rooms; yard; rent reasonable.
I AU«_ .TURK, WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
J-< and show-window*; located 420 Sutter st.
Apply to Jt McKI.KQY. 4 Phelan building.
OFKIC'ES TO j^et. ~
| A I.I KOi'.N I .Zli^^T^ToK^DoKfT^irAS'D
\J L. and O. buildinz— Sunny offices: light, water,
heat and janitor services tree: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
fU\(\ SUTTtR, OOS. POWELL — SUNNY
O\J\J front suite, suitable for physician: others.'
VINE OFFICES: 23 KIiARN V &T.; bUITA-
X 1 Me for uny *u.sii:etH. '- ...... ■- - ,-
PRKCKK_4 BUILDING, 9J7 MARKET-
O Elegant si'nnv offices. $12 60 up; eleccric-ll?ht:
ceatinK and Jhiiltor service free. Apply at building
crU. H. fMIiSKN .1- CO.. 14 .MonU-onwr «t. .
I MEDICAL.
ALL CAS^S OF II*RKGULAKITIES R_f-
stored at once; safe and sure j-elief sunran-
teed travelers belr-ed without delay; home in
confinement: regular physician of long and suc-
cessful practise: medical electricity and safe reme-
dies tor all female complaints: ladies call and
sta.e your ess- bet re being treated elsewhere;
you will save time and expense; consultation free
an.i confiden iai. MRS. UK. WYETIi, 916 Post
»t., nr. Lark In.
ABI.Ej-SI.NG TO* LADIES SUFFEKING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never fails: 1 erff-ctl v harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them
well; travelers helped lmraeliateiy; prices to suit
the times: home In cohHnement. DR. &MHS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister su. next Hlbernla Bank;
consult fr c; French regulating pink pills, $-;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. it. and 7 to 9 P. m.
NEW PROCESS— NOMEDICI.vi-., IN6TRU-
ni»-nt or worthies-* pills used: every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what CHUse; restores always In one day:
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated sale and sure call on a
■nan's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st-
DR. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES. a
guaranteed absolute cure for all female Irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively safe
and sure': no danger or aftereffects; taken in tlm°,
it also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., tan r ranclsco.
DB r.OODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
nocharce; separate home for patients; best skill;
low fees: regulator $2. 904 McAllister st.
MJBE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE Dlß-
e»ues, from whatever cause; home in confine-
men:; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 2:28 Turk su !
D.VT FAIL TO CONSULT Dlt. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
succfssful practice Is a Kur.rßnieeot fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satist'ic orily by mail.
LPrJAo M .S FRENCH FILLS— A KO-N TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
cafe and sure; 8" 50 express C. O. D.: don'tdelay
until tooiatA OSGOOD BH OS.. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
tore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
AIRS. J. A. ACUARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
-•I con-neoient; 26 years' experience. 665 Mis-
sion su ____ '
MRS. DR. ray, SPECIALIST ON PRIVATE
diseases; no cure, no pay. 12 Mason, r >oni a.
RS. . DR. ■ S-COIT— KKMA__2 SPECIALIST;
diseases of the eye treated. '.'l6 Powell su
If IRREGULAR OK A -NY Fii.MALK DI>KA^iS
J-se»MRs.DR. PUETZand be content. i! 64y 3 4th.
1 |K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER SIR KKT, NEAR
\J Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
PRIVATE UOM.K IN CONri>KMKNT. MRsl.
.-'DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
rUIEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TUB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for 81 CO, post-
age free. -
~^ DENTISTS. - - - • . . -.
it. L. T. CHANZ— KXTRacYjON PA IN LESS?
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
O»7 A SET FOR TKETH— WARRANTED A3
«JI? I good as cau be made; filling $1 DR. MM Sirs,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
AINLESS ACTION, 60c: CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: IS. years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 816«/* Geary.
Dlt. LUDLUM HILL, 1448 MARKET ST, NR.
Eleventh; no chart:* for extracting - when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
ET Or' TEETH WJTmuUT A FLA'IE. DR.-
O H. G. Youug, 1841 Polk si. ' -y
DX. J. J. Lfc-KK. 1208 MA UK ET, COR. GOLDEN
Oateave.; open evenings; Sundays till noon.
nBOOMK DENTAL A&->O>Ji A i 1< ).%. 7.9 M« H-
\J ket, bet, 3d and 4th; gas specialists: painless
extracting, with ir>s, $1; plates. $5 np: fill, *1 up.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEK, TilK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer or painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to '20 o'Farrellst.
T/ULL «XT OF ■'IKiSTH. *7: WARRANTED
V rive years; extraction, 60c: ; fllliiies, 50c;
crowns. $3 60- _ Vhlcago Dental l'arlon, 24 Sixth.
T.-'l KSI -CLASS « DE > T V ; *'IItST-CLAS.-t
X prices; llrat-class results: painless extraction;
TelfM'ain 6875. W.C. HARDINO.M.D., 6O')sutt«r
"a LL WOK TO SUIT T. M ES~W AHKA N TED.
J\. DR. KEa, 1870 MarKet st., Iroi.t City Hail.
K. I>V C X KTT, 1703 PO.Vl' • ST.. NEAR BU«
cnanan: »as given; crown and bridge worn. .
LL WORK IiKASONABLK AND WAR-
rantfrt. Pi;. J V.'.Ki-.Y 1 I -" Market si.
__ : '^ . , ;' . . PHYSICIANS. _ i^^;: r^ J^^_-
T\lu" d "C." O'DONN KLL, II.'Oe'iIA YtKETVCORT-
xJ Golden Gateave. ; diseases of women a specialty. (
<^ ww ; PJERS ON ALS.
WILL MRsVwiLLIAM A. DENTY OFPORT-
Iand. 0r.,- send Mrs. J. L. C. her address?
N. BKITTAIN, 20GKARY ST., FOR FINE
. watch . repairing and jewelry work; low
prices: iirst-clasj woric.
UPTURE AND PILES CURED; NO PAY
Jl/ until cured: send for book. MAXS-
FIELD A POhTERFIELD. 838 Market at.
MRS. EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS, 235"
O'Farrell su; bairdresslng and manicuring;
ladies 60a
ADVICK 1-RKE: DiVOKCE LAWS A SPE-
cinlty; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collection, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK.atty-at-law. H5O Market st.
UICKNfcSS, NEATNESS*, UP-TO-DATENESS
W and dispa.ch are the principal advantages I
offer you. Added to another— "cheapness"— no
wonder I have such a patronage.- Halrdressing,
2 c. Switches. *1. "(iuinonta" Hair Tonic, 35c.
G. LEDERKR. 111 Stockton st.
AIRDRESSING, 25c; MANICURING, 25c:
face treatment, cosmetics; lessons itiven.
MRS. BUTLER. 131 Post.
VMtKNCH HAIK WASH, PREVENTS FALL-
X in« out; make it yourself: send 20c silver for
prescript'on. Address A. P., box 90, Call Office.
DR. J. M.BHARKKY RETURNED: TREATS
neuraathanla&other nerve diseases. 509 Kearny
CLOAKS, FUKS AN I) SUITS RETAILED AT
1 wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st. .
"V EAI N r la A VIRTUE; SUI CLEANED.
i-l pressed. $1. 26 Montcomery, r. 14: tel.ret. 2374.
URNETT'S CORN CURE— SURE CURE FOR
-I-* corns, bunions, warts: 26c. 327 Montgomery.
UAKTI.NO lON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes; instructors, J. H. E. PartinKton, Gertrude
artlngton. R. L. Fanlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
ORRIS KERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46; ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order ; tit guaranteed ;low prices
fTIRt Mv 6 iHLIVKRKJ) V.-5C BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Butter; tel. Grant 57.
AT THK PEOPLE'S ONE DOLITr MEDICAL
Institute, all rases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 10291 a, Market su,
beu Hxtti and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
LL FACIAL BLEMISH KS, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs, etc. removed by
KUte Electrolysis Cc, 226 Turn, nr. Leaven wortn.
AZUR-FIXING OUR SPKCJALI V; • FINE
edge put on razor. 25c Razor Exchge.63oMarket
1U OUTDOOR STr.KKOPTICON SHOW KVlS-
ry night cor. Market end Sixth sts. ; artistic aJ-
Tertieements In living light; promoters of bun-
cess. " Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Mark*'. 85.
LECIKIC LIGHTS IN EVER Y\ . ROOM I
XJ Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market-
-IXO rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $8 per
we*-*: tre-j bus and baggage to and from the rerry.
"1 IBM.AI. ADVA.NUKSO.V 1,1 A.MO.VIj-j, - c ,V-
-\j »lry. etc.; Iowm: rates. V4S Market tL
I'D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COL MAN. 41 fa. cor. J<M>l«.
DRESS3IAKERS.
DKESFI?s~S^ UP^ W^A^plTkS^SSc^TjpT
lawn $1 11 . 6' 53,4 Natoma si., above sixth.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY.
~\ LL EVenTS OF LIFE FOR KIOLD BY THE
jfV. horoscope: advice on all business speculation
my specialty, and business men protected b. my
method; success guaranteed: oil and minerals lo-
citted by the science; correspondence by mail. DR.
ST. CLAIK, 916 Market su, room 26: lire. 9 to 7.
NOW THY DKSTINY-LOVE. MAr'.RIAOK,
business, speculation, legacies and your future
by mall 1 0r. PROF. W. MiiXHOK. 761 Howa .1.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
GITA-NA, 1 ul GYPSY QUEEN. H TUKK 35 ;
truthful In her predictions: reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will entile you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: oflioe hours from 9 to 9.
MIC PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born r.lih a douDle vellaal
second sight: ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry aaj
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 1 urk st., nr. Jon?*
At ME. -SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
J** past, present and future: success to ail; tor*
tunes by mall: low crices. 866 Mission st,
RS. JACKEXET— CLAIRVOYANT: CARD-
reader; names and ages given; 60c 614"&
Jones st. .
Af ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: RKVEALS
±iX past, present, future; 26c up. 764 Howard su
ME. RAVENA READS LIFI. FLUEVILY:
business advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth
ISBMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT AND MAG-
netic-healer. Room 23, 145 Fourth st.
\i mk. HANSr.N. palmist, C A I". UEK;
i'J past, pres»nt and future; 26c 148 6th st., r. 5.
ME. davis; card-reader AND PA. M-
-I>l. Ist: cents $1. 12 2 Post St., room 2. :
ME. LKGETTK— PRESE-S 1, PAST AND
future; 26c. 311Tebama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
GYPSY LIFK-READKK, Ki-.JlOVt.il FROM 5
seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies 25c: gents 50c.
\| M.E, SYBIL! X SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
m husband, wife: ladles 25v, 60c 914 O'Farrel I.
MX DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 23
yrs Kwrnv. now 529 Toit: f.-^ $1; letter $2.
SPIRITUALISM.
QOV* MCALLISTER — MRa C. J. MEYER;
tJ — U test meetings every night; 10c.; Tub A
Frl. 2 p.m. ; business sittings dally at above No. $1
m~ LAKKIN SI.. BP. M.. HON. H. D. BAR-
rett. Tests by the celebrated rapping and
1 ballot medium, Mrs. Maude Frietag.
| fTIKST MEKTING TO-NIGHT, 10c. 335 MCAL-
X lister; Stltt, Bird, Clemens; skeptics Invited.
TOADIES' AID~M EETS~TO-DA Y|^S26~McaT^
J-J lister st. ; admission free; tests 3r. m.
L>ISUOPGAKKISU.\.22OV a McALLISrEK;?.£
I Jances Tuesday, Friday even's.2sc:lo to 4 dally.
, M. FRA.NCIS, INDEPENDENT hUTE-
. writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 p. M.
CIONCHITA, CARD-READING: PAST, rttßd-'
I «rr, future. 821 Howard sU. room 15.
HYPNOTISM.
Tf^N^rr^r^A^ar^vTr^L" maonTetism*
XX practically and scientifically taught in 3 les-
eons, also how to hypnotize instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested in is therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials correspondence solicited. i.a.lor ad-
dre<i< Hypnotic and Mesmeric 1 r.s ■ltute.6 O'Farrell.
. MONEY TO LOAN.
OH 000 A C LOWEST KATES; CITY
tS) X\J\J.\)\J\J and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks,' stocks and bonds; estates: «ny sum.
CHAIN W ALP, BUCKBEK&CO.. 218-220 Mon tier
ADVANCJCS UN DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN Jt.\V ' Ali.lt
STORK, VtS Market at.: open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 IN 1 Kit-
<st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance, Coin, box 2. Call.
ONKY LOANED o.\ JiCWtLKY A~N0"
other valuables at tbe Security Loan Ofllca,
lHi6Marketsu.pr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tarx.
1 \IKECT OS OUK i-UKMTLKK Oit PiAN-j.
XJ no removal: no delays; do commissions: lo.t
)n:»-roit. i:rn. 68, D.inoliue Dlrlg. 1170 Martce; t:.
A > V AMOUNT: IMT, -IU or 3D jUOKTUAUKI
XX. cstatts, undivided interests, real ratals la o.*-
bate. McCOIXjAN. 24 Montcorserr. room i.
ANY AMOUNT; LOWEST RATE; IST * 2D
mortgage: flat or installment- Dryden, 685 Cal.
CMTY REAL ESI ATE: ADVANCES os RKN'I'S I
pianos, furniture. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
pRIVATE~PARTY^I>A~NS~IJN~I^Y~GT)OD
X security: low interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
OANS ON FUKNIi AM) PIANOS
without removal: low Interest. R. 8, 215 Powell
A dvam:ksom)iamo>'l)s,j » klrv. £TU
J\ Columbia Loan & CollaMral i title*. V i.r»uu.->.
OlJ^n UP; NO DELAY: IST AND ill) MORT-
<IT«JU gages: Int. in estates. V ':HPHY,BBB Mt«
ONE\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE,
MoK' 'EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery »v
T OANS ON ALL ' SECURITIES. ROOM 1,
JJ 24 Montgomery st. - •
PAWNBROKERS. ~
WISE AND HAVE I INTEREST;" MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Kate Loan and >e-
curity Office, r. 7. Mood bldg. : entrance 80» Mkt.
T 126 KKAKN i r*T., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc : - low rates;
privitii* room*: elevator: i'lfdt?o-t for wait- rhuti. -
. , ' nvAiraiAx.
MONEY ON HAND TO LOAN ON HEAL
estate in lots of $500 to $60,000; no delay.
W. H. BUSCH, 410 Pine st. . . '
o*l f\i\ ()f||\ TU LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS
<i]p±<>W.l'UU Apply rm2'.'2. CMl.saTe Oep-Bldg
MONE\ WANTED.
TvTanTi : ~U)an^oT^?s^^
«» years from private party: Interest 8 pet cent;
security Ouklai.d r**ai estate worth $211,000. Ad-
cress F. W.. box 1-H3.CPII Office.
STORAGE. ~
T^O^r^A^TE^Fu^NTTTjR^TA^PET^
pianos, etc.: clean, dry, light compartments!
advances made. J NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mis-
sion, above sixth; open evenings.
TORAJfJK— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. ail Larkin.
T7»URNtTURK; PIANOS, TRUNKS: AD-
J Vhni-i-<. shipping. fHAS. 1.. 1 WLOit.2o4 Yon.
, WAGONS AND CARRIACEa.
MEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS'! LAtJN-
X \^. r «' milk and grocery wag >ns: also rocicaway
and 2 fine buggies.- 8«8 Harrison at,
TVTEW A NECeND-HAND WAGONS;BAKEKy"
Xi laundry and delivery; cheap. . 414 Broadway.
L OR SALE. AT EASTERN- PRICta FINE
X carriage* of every desc iptlon; cash, notes or
installments. Carvli: Mfg Co.. 46-48 Bth St.. H. K.
: • TYPEWRITERS.
A LIORAPh! $16. $35: : YOBT, $80: RKj£
\J lngton, $60. tCOTT <& B, 833 Montgomery sb
CITY REAL ESTATE.
Q^nnn GREEN SI., NORTH SI DR. BET.
•JIuUUU. octavia and Laguna: 29:4x137:8.
and 2-story bow- window house: 9 rooms and bam;
modern; room lor driveway; tine view ot bay.
OUGH-ST. RESIDENCE, BET. GEARY AND
VJT Post: 27:6x110 and 2-story: 10 rooms ana
modern conveniences; street In order; fine neigh-
borhood; «8500. —
HOWAKD ST.— NEW i>OWNTOWN FLATS
and store; rents $71 50; $11,000.
«5» 07 C| STEVENSON ST.. 78 FEET FROM
«JpOI«JU. Sixth, 2 flats: rents $35.
QtiZifXli REDUCED PRICE; HOWARD ST.,
(jpTtllf l '. bet. and 2:<<i: cottage: 6 rooms,
and lot 30:6x122:6; best residence block.
"DEDUCED TO $5000: 2- STORY BOW-WIN-
J t dow i!ou-.e, 7 rooms and bath, etc.; McAllister
st,, bet. Broderick and Baker; easy terms.
T5 EDUCED TO $6000; NEW HOUSES; WEST
Xv side Buchanan st., bet. Vailejo and Green: 9
rooms bath arid modern conveniences; fine ma-
rine view; houses open for Inspection.
CrQnnn fine new residences n.
•?•'«"». side Wnsblngton st.. bet. Scott anJ
Devisadero; 27:6x127:8.
ROADWAY, N.SIDB NEAR PIERCE; FINE
Jj marine view; sheltered; 27:6 or 55 feet front;
$17-> a front foot. . • - - .
BAKER ST., BET. CLAY AND SACRA-
mento; .25x102:6. and 2-story bow-window, 7
rooms, bath, etc; $5000.
DEDUCED TO $2600: EASY TERMS: BW.
At cor. Fill more and Filbert sts.; 35:6x100; will
be business property.
J? ILLMORE ST. ; 2 LOTS 24x100, $1850 EACH;
-T reduced price: bet. Filbert aud Greenwich;
stone blocks down.
VERY CHEAP; REDUCED TO $3750; SE.
V cor. rove and Lyon sts.; 37:6 on Grove, 100
on Lyon; good business lot; both reels sewered;
Grove su bituraiuized.
ffljirc/j COR. CALIFORNIA ST. AND 22D
«Jp I I O\J. aye.; 67:6x100; $1000 can remain
on mortgage.
For sale by ~ • .
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
4 Montgomery st.
M. SPECK <fe CO., 60 i MARKET ST.
• Solid and paying investments.
Oflfl CASH, $1500 IN MONTHLY PAY- j
tip O\J\J ments same as r -nt, burs that lovely 6- !
room rottace half block from Misslon-st cars: this
property is sold to satisfy mortgage.
C- Q(\f\ CASH. $2000 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
<£■ O\J\J 3 flats near Stockton su
fllQT^n 3 NICK FLATS ON LEAVES.
<lpO4t)U. worth st.; all rented; pays 10 per
cent net; halt cash.
*fiOO cash, Sl2OO ON mortgage, BUYS
tlrOUl' 2 nice flats near the U. S. Mint; don't
wait but see us immediately.
QjOnflO £ABH AND $2000 ON mortgage
C-" 1 '" buys 5 flats near 6th and Howard sts.;
rents *47. -
Qf'AAfV 8 BOOM COTTAGES, WITH LOT
«Jp*)l_'U\'. 112 feet front: good location: paying
over 12 per cent: must sell: loss no object.
©OfJAO 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT; 2
«JDOVI/Vf. fronts: rents $1000: near Call Office ;
terms, one-halt cash ; any reasonable oiler wanted.
Qlzl (\(\(\ 6 FINE FLATS ON MASON ST.;
tip IT.I/W. large lot; rents over $103.
<Si.A^\ (\f\C\ BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
♦Ip-rO.UUu. Fourth and Market sts.; rents [
$1000; grand improvements. - ■
SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
OUSi-J AND LOT; 5 HOOMs: BATH; CON-
servatory: cellar; garden. 2439 Larkin st.
AN YOU FIND ~ ~~~ .;■
CHEAPER LOTS THAN THESE!?!
7 Cfl AND UPWARDS: LOTS ON H AND I
«J) I O\J sts., 9th and 10th ayes.: streets on offi-
cial grade; property faces the park: terms $50
cash, $10 monthly; take our advice and -put $10
aside each month and buy one of the lots; you will
never regret it.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
r CU CAN PAY - '
I IN t-ILVER.
$5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY 9
UNTIL PAID.
*it C -i \(\ CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS ON TH
ilrOi/U, line of an electric-road; street graded,
sewered and macadamized: call or send for a dia-
gram.
B. M. LONG, 3207 22d su, cor. of Mission; open
evenings after 7:30 p. m.
C. BEMIS, '■ \ ~ '
• KKAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MuNlov-U..&lt**r.
FOR SAi'.r;
f 2eon— k. Rid* of stauyan su, bet. Carl and I
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
*4SO— San Carlos VUla lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson Bt., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
%6000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, as
pane; 25x137 ;t» leei; electrio road passes houses;
make offer. ••
$hSI-O— Klej>.ant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
tiiUO— cuoico building lots north of Dark.
Bargain— aw. cor. Fifth ay. and C St.: 109x95 ft.
4ii«>nOO elegant new residence of
tipO\'\J\J. 6 large rooms, bath and modern im-
provements; small cottage on rear of lo;; streec
work done. See owner on premises, 171 Randall
St., near Mission and Thirtieth.
VOW, SEE HERE, CAN YOU BUY FOR
l>i $10,000 such a valuable corner as * .V. l-°oi-
som and -Ist sts.? 95x90; will subdivide if re'
quired: also 20th st. and Treat aye., 25x110,
$2500: also N. side Page St.. 50x100, 37:6 feet
from corner Schrader, between Schrader and Stan-
yan, $6750; will subdivide If required: offer
wanted. Inquire Herb Institute, 1205 Market su
pAYABLK IN &ILVEB, ~
750— 50x100; on main street, near station,
In Berkeley; $15 monthly.
$*50— Lot 25x100; near station: $5 monthly.
$250— One-half acre: superb views: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILKY, 20 Montgomery st.
<E; Q1 OO 2 FLAT, 9-KOOMED HOUSE; COR-
tJpOI UU. nerlot.
.*- 100— 6-roomed cottage.
*1850 — 1- roomed cottage.
Take Howard-st. cars to Potrero aye., walk two
blocks «ttst on 24th su; large lots; easy terms. F.
NELSON, builder. , ■
SEE THI-.SK HOUSES: PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
0 2 new houses: all modern improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap; tine
marine vlew:con->eryaiory. Fill more and Green sts.
JJaYaBIE US bIL VEU. ' ' ~~
$750 — Lot 60x100: on main street, near station,
In Berkeley; $16 monthly. -
-s2so —Lot 25x100; near station: $5 monthly.
$^60— une-half acr-; superb views; $5 monthly.
CHAB. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $276 a room: parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
fflj^nn CASH. BALA SA.MK AS KKNT,
4 •I' '\J for a new house on ea-t pide of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; lar.-e lot 25x125;
all modern In-inrovements. Api»ly on prem's»s.
.---'.-' COUNTRY REAL 1 ESTATE. .;
FOR BALK OR EXCHANGE 80 ACRES IN
Sonoma County, with uood furnished house,
barn. 3 chicken-houses: 20 acres cleared land
fenced, rest timber: 9 miles to railroad station: 4
miles to steamer landing; running creek through
place; 2 wells: bearine orchard and vegetable gar-
den; 300 chickens: 2 horses; 1 cow; 1 wagon:
farming Implements; good title; no lncumbrance:
price $1600, halt cash, or exchange for hotel or
lodging-house. Address J. BRUHN, Sea View,
Sonoma County, Cal.
ACRES IN SANTA ROSA; MU-iT Bi-1 SOLDi
owner In trouble. 126 Keamy st, room 37.
STOCK RANCH AND VINEYARD IN NAPA
0 County; 1100 acres; 50 acres in wine (trapes:
good buildings and numerous springs; $15 an
acre; will exchange for property near San Fran-
ClgCO. KASTO.N. KLDRIUGK A CO.. 688 Market.
ij^LORIbTS, ATTENTION — FOR .HEAT, 8
-T acres at Baden. San Mnteo County; well Im-
proved. ABHTON A GARDINER. 411 M Ontgmy.
TO RENT- A SMALL ORCHARD, WITH
X house of 5 rooms; barn: and chlclren-yard:
within i blocks of tbe Oakland and San Levndro
electric rnllrond: and 5 acres of. farmland with
small house and barn and 350 acres of good hit]
land. DKIVEi:, ABER A CO., ban Leandro, Cal.
HOMKSTEAD: GRAPE; EARLY FRUIT LO-
eaiion: lovely stream: fine oak timber: Santa
Clara foothills; $300. 681 California a,., room 1.
L OI'.CED SALE — CHOICE LEVEL FHUIT
X and vegetable land: 1 . mile , from Pleasanton,
Alameda County: lVi hours from San Francisco:
in small tracts, graded from *20 per acre: title
per ect: biggest bargain in ti e must be sold;
Investigate. 67 Chronic c building.
SMALL HOMES ON VEKV EASY TKRMS,
$2000; 10 acres fully Improved, near Santa
Rosa, $2501'; 10 acres Napa City, 15 acres. $2500:
Napa City; all places have pood Improvements.
tools, etc. I. C. ARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
. ARGAIN — RANCH PLK ANTLY SITU-
-1 ' ated In the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa; suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a
fruit or chicken ; farm; large house and > barn:
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address . P. o.
box 239. Napa. Cal.
5^ USE WANTING A RANCH FOR
crazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,.
balance In 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
1 11TLK HOMES. CLU*K Tl» ToW-N ; "-• liT
XJ proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWIN G, Sonoma
City, every Monday at 632 Market, St.. & F. .
HI ALKSfcCTION OFGOOD LAND IN TULARE
XX County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or s»u Francisco. Audreai A, box 87
Cull orn«*. , ...
 ' PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
IN ( 'i M P ROPE \^'^EXciTANGE~FOR
X property in Mission. Address F., tox 149, Call.
hMJ>'Oi4OL'K i.:M' i..fuKCHAliJiW.Hini
»orsal«. WOU3TKK A WUI'JToN. H»n JowJ
1 9K(I ACRES TljujjbK LANU. KEK.s" i:x,
J. *. 01/ water; tine for cattle-raising. N.,bx.lO,CaU
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAI. ESTATE.
ORCHARD HOME— 7SS ACRES ON riEIGHTS
v/ overlooking Jruitvale: moaern 7-room home:
ornamental grounds: profitable fruit trees; 10
minutes from car line: for sale or for rent. A. H.
BREED A CO., 460 Ninth St.. Oakland.
tTO: FOR FITCH BLKU!
TO ""AY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
Iklends OUT on thk FITCH-
BURG, san leandro and
. haywards local.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT' STOP EAST OF
FBUITVALK Is THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
- THE PACIFIC COAST. . '
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAIN FROM FERRY.
FOOT OF MARKET STRKET, TO
FITCHBURG STATION IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and l-'ruitvale trains singed
by the Fitchbure scorcher. Haywards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want 10 get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
coma cheerful, contented and prosperous in FUch-
burg.
Fitchburg is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public ar.d private Im-
provements in the vicinity of Oakland. It is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels on
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county roads
leading to it. are lncon.esttble proofs. it is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lota bounded h ■ wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges aud evergreen groves.
NOW IS THE TIMK TO BUY.
For a home while cheap; for speculation on a
rising market: for a turn be first for investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
.improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lots in this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-street tracts In
an Inaccessible haytield.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street; double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deferred payments in easy Installments;
title perfect.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD. 8. FITCH, Fltchburg.
ffl;7^ LOTS: CLOSING BALK: FINK LOTS IN
«u~ • *J the Allendale Tr. ct, near Frultvale aye.;
level and ready to build on; streets air graded: 2
elecirlc roads near by, one on Its way through the
; tract: fine scuoolhousu close: this is the garden
spot of Oakland: tose." It is to buy: carriages tree:
$5 cash, S3 montbiv; 468 Niuth St., Oakland, and
6SO Market sc. S. F. H. Z. JONES, owner.
VyiLL BUILD COTTAGE*: FIRST CASH
»» payment $10 to $160, balance monthly: 40
completed In Oakland to choose from; free convey-
ance. L. L M. SALSBUBY, 902 Broadway.
V SPECIALTY IS ! '
HOUSE-RENTING IN
_ * OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room honse. '■ $25
l^tory modern 6- room cottage .' 16
L^jptr sunny modern 7-room flat.. 16
AND 300 MOKK.
WM. M. DkWOLF, House- broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway, Oakland. __^
A. WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS -THIS
■C*. >V KEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND KOOMS TO LET.
THE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AND
Washington sts., Oakland; a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled: reason-
able rates; unquestioned respectability. . ...
OAKLAND FUKSITDKE FOR SALE.
MTKAH WA.MO.XHS liV l-.\ i KOMZINO H
'» '11- i.l.n ..\ as. furniture-dealer. l]th,Oa:;ld
ALAMEDA ADVERIISEMENrS
OFFICE — PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA RKAL JKSTATK.
(ft O J 7\(\ $50 CASH?^2T^ON^ : HLyTnEW~
<IP' i ' "I-", cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 60x
125, i situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2750— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
both, now building: your terms are (Turn.
$2500— Cottage of 6 room* and bath; pretty
garden: close to Cliestnut-tit. station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x110; a pretty home; easy
terms.
Special bargains In lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up.
Office open Sundays and holidays. MARCUBE
A UK jiMEL, Bay-st. station (broad gauge), Ala-
n-.-l.i.
San Fr«nclsco office, 628 Market st.
iOR SALE— - .• •■ -' ■ ~~
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. : house 4
rooms. U rand St.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett su;
on long time and easy terms, or -will exchange for
ban Francisco property. Apply
Jb AbTON. KLDRIDGE A CO.,
- 038 Market St.,
San Francisco, CaL
Ob ft HO LOT 60x150; GOOD LOCATION;
«IrUUU. easy terms.
$1300— 33x160; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
; en*y terms.
lVb acres at Fruitvale, with good 4-room cot-
tage: price $1500.
$5000—50x150: house of 9 rooms and bath. ■
BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot: centrally located.
Houses to let in all parts of Alauieda; office open
Sundays and holidays. Alamedu Land Company,
1500 Part: su. A ameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
G OOD HOMES FOR BENT- OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO.. real estate,
buildlnc and loans. 2123 Center r.. ji*rfc»lWr.
—————— ———____ —
BEKKJbXEi HOUSES.
I~7o^^R^NTT^T^E~RTcEiLETrc7^VENIiEN^
to train, school and university: a completely
furnished • house of 9 rooms; bath and laundry;
with stable and chicken- honse; cheap to desirable
tenant. Address MINOT SCOTT, Berkeley P. 0.,
C'al. *-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued br
the County Clerk's office yesterday;
A. C Scurr and Agnes V. Maclaurtn, 24—21.
.. J. Cazalis and Mary Cap-ievielle. 31—30.
V. L. Podesta and Emilia M. Podesta. 27—19.
G. F. Gllcrest and Nellie G. Qulnn, 28-2*.
F. C Dabmao and Lena L. Jaeger, 36—28. \
F. Elwood and Bertha A- Clausen, '25—18.
F. C. Plise and Llllle Cramer, 25—21.
C. D. Lafontalne Jr. ana Louise C Robinson.
27-21. .
THE . UlVoltOK iil^COiii*.
Complaints filed:
Addle Young against George Young.
Mary Fisher against John Fisher.
Meilnda J. Cheadle against Ernest R. Cheadle.
Divorces granted:
Sarah Rorke from James Korke, for habitual in-
temperance; by Judge slack
■ NoraMcGraw-from Hugh Me G raw, for extreme
cruelty; by Judge Slack.
Ida Bruce from Scott Bruce, for desertion ; by
Judge Sanderson.
Jessie Beano from Archer C. Beann, for deser-
tion: by Judge Truutt.
blii'l ia^— JIAIIRIAGES— 7 DMl'iil"
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. They mas be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be In lorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. ] •
BORN.
DERMODY— In Mountain View, Santa Clara
County. September 23, 1893, to the wife of W.
13. Dermody, a son. '
DINQLEY— In Frultvale. September 29, 1898,
to the wife of C. L. Dingley, a daughter.
GROENEWEG— In Oakland, September 29. 1895,
to the wife of M. J. Groeneweg, a daughter.
KAMMERER— In this City, September 23, 1898,
, to the wife of William Alvln Hammerer, a son.
Ma DISON— In this city, September 28, 1896, to
the wife of M. J. Madison, a son. ■ v. ! .-
O'BUIEN— In South San Francisco, SeptemDer 13,
1896. 10 the wife of James C. O'Brien, a son.
RKDMOND— In this city, September 27, 1898, to
the wife or W. S. Redmond, a son. . .
WAIN WRIGHT— In this city,' September 26
189«, to the wife of Charles A. Wuinwri^ht a
daughter. ■ ... - ,
WHITE— In this city, September 29, 1896, to the
wife of J. B. White, a son. .
MARRIED. ~
FITZPATRICK— McDONALD— In this city, Sep-
tember 20, 1893. at Su Francis Church, by the
Key. Fa her Caraher, John Fltzpatrlck and
Annie McDonald, both of tian FrancUco.
KILEY— EVANS— In this city, September 23,
1398. by the H«v. Father Nugent, Phil E. Klley
aud Ida M. Evans. .
McGINLEV— STANLEY— In this city.September
_'5. 185H, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille. George H.
Mciiiniey ' and Myrtle •L. Stanley, both of San
Francisco. -
STRATTON— HARDY— In this city. September
28, lS'Jb', at the residence of the bride's pare 11
. by the Rev. Dr. K. R. Dille, Charlie C strait on
. . and Susie May Hardy, both of nan Francisco. 1
YOUNG— TIE RNEY— In this city. July 3,1898,
. Jo.in Young and A?g!e Tierney. --
■ ±jiiid. , . ;- . .■:.-: •
Bean, Albert H. Kirby, Rev. Father T.
Brown, Andrew E. LOitus, Ann _
Can field. John W. . Manning/ Theresa
Carrol I Mary " Miller, Maria
C&vaoaugb, Mary A. Mitchell, Patrick
Christy. Thomas K. Moraei, John J. . - '
Coldwell, lrad U. ■ Murphy, Bridget
Curran, John H. O'i onuor. Annie E. '■)
Dletx, Charles K. Prlndle, David S.
Feeney. Francis L. • . Sabadin, Emily
Gilllck. Patrick .'., Scheock, William K.
Guerineau, Victor Spencer, A. C.
' Hayman, Richard H. Sperry, James W.
Hill, Emily W. S dnor. Addle
Hueroe, Prosper L. E. Tuliett, William
Jonnson, John ■ ' Waterman, Maggie
Wynn. WUliftm -' • • •
BEAN— In this city, ■ September 23, 1896, Albert
Harlow Bean, beloved husband of Alice Bean,
father of Charles, Edith, Alice and the late Mary
Bean, and brother-in-law of Mrs. C. F. Hansent
a native of can Francisco, aged 36 years and 'ii
days.
Friends and "Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Wednesday), at. 3 o'cioclr p. m.. from the par-
lors of Craig, Cochran «k Co., '22 'and 28 "Mint
avenue, int.-ruieut 1. O. O. *". Cemetery.
BROWN— this city. September 28." 1898. An-
. drew E.. only and beloved son of Andrew E. and
Ella Brown, a native of Sun Francisco, aged S
months and 1 day.
Friends and acquaintance* are resDao
fnliy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a.m., from the resi-
dence o( the parents, 71 clipper street.. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Ceme;ery.
CANFIELD— In this city. September 29, 1893.
John W., husband of Nettle ti.-ld. and brother
of .Mrs. Georje Wellington of Sau .r'rancUco, Airs.
Mary Cliaplin and Milton 1.. Canfiold of Los'
Angeles, a native of San l-'rancisco, a^e- 39 years
1 month an 1 118 days.
JBt3*No;ice of funeral hereafter.
CAKRoLL— In this cry. September 29, 1896,
Mary, b»joved wife 01 James Carrol, and sister
or Krid^e^ an.: Mug-cie Collins, a native of lha
I parish of Clonakllty, County Cork, ire. aud, aged
•i years.
*ff"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tv • runer* TO-MORROW
(lhursJay), at 10 o'clock a. jr., from the par-
lors of McAvoy <& Galla:{hf>r, "JO fifth street,
thence to st. Peter's Ciiureli for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAVANAUGU— In this city. September 29, 1896,
Mary A., beloved wife of John D. cavanaugh, a
native of Ireland, iuea 63 years. .
6'S~ -Notice of funeral nereafser.
CHRISTY— In the Cltv ana Count* ITospltal. Sep-
temoer 28, 189 Thomas K. Christy, a^ed 40
years.
COLDWELL— rn this city, September 29. 1893.
Irad G. Coldwell, cousin of Trueman Owen and
Leverell Coldweli, and partner of John D. Daly.
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 42 years.
£s""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORRO .V
(Thursday), as 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors or H. c. Porter & Co.. 122 Kddy street,
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CURRAN— In Valiejo, September 2«, 183& John
It, beloved son of Mrs. Ann Curran. and
father of Fannie, John, Mar.-, Eddie,
Maggie and James Cumin, and brother of Pat-
rick Curran, a native of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 44
years. . s
4®"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of his brother, Patrick Curran. 62 Tenama
street, between 'First and Second, tbence M St.
Brendan's Church for service*, commencing at
1 :30 o'clock p. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DIETZ-In this city. September 29, 1896, Charles
Freder ck Dietz, son of Charles and Flattie D etc
- a native of &an Francisco, aged 7 months and
days.
FEENEY-In this city, September 29, 1893,
Francis L., beloved son of. Patrick and the late
Catherine Feeney, and brother of Robert. Jos-
eph. Mary, Anne and Daniel Keeney, a native of
San Ma;eo County, Cal.. aged 20 years 2 months
and 17 days.
ffT'Frlends and acquaintances are Msoeet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from his lute
residence, .334 Day street, off Sanchez, between
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth, thence to St. Paui's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will ba
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
GILLICK-In North Berkeley. September 28,
189t». Patrick GillicK, beloved husband or Mar-
garet Gilllck. and brother of James, John and
Bridget Gillick and Mrs. Dennis Reardan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 46 years.
SSB" Friend* ana acaualnt*nc<u are resnect-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his)
late residence, corner Henry and Vine streets.
North Berkeley, thence to st. Joseph's Church,
where mass wi'l be said for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. it. Intermeuc
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ■
GUERINEAU— In Manzanlta Station, Maria
County, Cai.. September 28. 1893. Victor Gueri-
neau. aged 60 years tj months and 9 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full'- invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from St.
Mary's church, Sausalito. where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi*
soul, commencing at the above hour..
HaYMaN— ln San Jose. Cal., Richard H. Hay-
man, a native of Newport, Ky., aged 27 years.
HILL— In North San Juan, Nevada County, Cal.,
September 19, 1833, Emily W.' Hill, relict of
the late John Hill, a native of Vermont, aged 75
years.
HUEKNE-There will be a requiem high mass
i for the repose of the soul of the late Prosper L.
X Huerne ro-MORRD»V (Thursday), at, 9:30
o'clock a. m.. at the French Church of Notre
Dame dcs Vlctoires. Bush street, below Stos_-
ton. Friends are invited to attend.
JOHNSON— In this city, September 28, 1896,
John, dearly beloved son of Olive and Christina
Johnson, and brother of Charles 1-. .loaes of
Berk -ley, a native of Salt Lake City, Utah, aged
ol years.
KIRBY— A solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated in St. Francis de Sales Church, corner
Hobart and Grove streets. Oakland, for there-
pose of 1 soul or the late Rev. Father Thomas
Kirby, TO-MORROW (Thursday), the first an-
niversary of bis death, friends and acquaint-
ances are invited to a. tend.
LOFTUS— In this city, September 27. 1898. Ann,
beloved wife of John Lof :us and mother of Mr*.
Henry Cawley, the late Mrs. Mary Bechler,
Mrs. Kate Driscoll and James Lot'tus, a native
of the parish of Kelireekle, Issluma, County
. Gal way, Ireland, aged 60 years. [Philadelphia
- and Minnesota papers piease copy.j . '
££S"Frlends and acquaintances ore resnect-
fuiiy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it, from her
late residence, 363Va Eleventh street, then co
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
masi will be celebrated lor the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MANNING— la this city, September 28. 1896,
Theresa, beloved daughter of Andrew and the
late Mary Manning, a native of Tomales, Marin
County. Cal.
IS" Friends are Invited to attend the
funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 9:30
o'clock a. m., from her late residence, 968 Post
■ street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a
solemn requiem mats will bj celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clocic
a. K. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In thsclty, September 29, 1H96, Maria,
wife of the late Adam Miller, and mother of Mrs.
Fredarlcka Hnrlbert. M ri. 1 yaia lir.rndes. Mrs.
Annie Joost and Adam, Dr. John A. and Dr.
Philip Miller, a native 01 Darmstadt, Germany,
aged 8H years and 10 days.
JKs*"Friends and Acquaintances are r°srf>c-
fßlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. sr.. from St. Mat-
thew's Church, 29 Eleventh street. Interment
private, 1. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
MITCHELL— In this city, September 23, 1896,
Patrick, beloved husband of Catherine Mitchell,
a native of Ireland, aged fit) year).
MORAES— In this city. September 28, 1898, John
J. Moraes. a native of St. George, tt<t>J 125 years.
MURPHY— In this city. September 29, 1*96.
Bridget, relict of the late Martin Murphy, and
beloved sist r of Mrs. James McDermott, a
native of County Sllgo. Ireland, aged t>j years.
O'CONNOR— In this city, September 28. 1898,
Annie E. O'Connor, beloved mother of John J.
and Thomas H. Sheehan. Mrs. Lute Hall, James
J. Whitney ana Edwarl J. O'Connor, a native of
County Meath, Ireland, a^ed 61 years.
83" Friends and acquaintances are reso«ct-
fuilv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence, 243 Clementina street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for .servicei at 2 o'clock:
p.m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PRINDLK— In this city, September 29,' 1333,
David Stoldard Prlndle, a native or Simsbury,
Conn., iii;tj 1 69 years 2 months and 17 days.
Hart for and New Haven (.Conn.) papers please
copy,
• Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW(Thursday), at
•2 o'clock p. M.. at his late residence, 1315 Gu«f>
rero street. Interment private.
BABADIN— In this city. September 29, 1338;
■ Emily, beloved daughter of Michael an 1 Bertha
Sabalin, a native of sail Francisco, aged 1 year
6 months and 19 days. :
JBfß"Frienrt* and acquaintances are resn^c:-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock P. v., from the resi-
dence of the parents. S-O^a ■ Larkln street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery:
BCHENCK— Oakland, September 29, 1896,
William Kelly sehenck, husband of Mrs. J. K.
Schneck, and father of Wllllsm and Stephen
Scsenci. a native of New Jersey, aged 74 years
1 month and 12 days. .. ■ ■ . • , - . .
jO-Friends are respectfully invited to atteni
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 1:30
- o'clock p. m. , from his late residence. 268 East
Ten h street. Oakland. Interment Mountain
"View Cemetery.
BPENCEU— In this city, September 29, 1898, A.
- C. Spencer, a native of Canada, aged 33 years.
SPERRY— In Stockton, September 28, 1833,
James W. Sperry.
' • aS-Funoral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock p. _.. from S . John's Episcopal Church,
Stockton. - Interment private. •
BYDNOR— In this city, September 27. 18? 1 Ad-
die Sydnor, beloved sister of Mrs. George Porter
Mrs. Captain »V. R. Hideout, Mfss Clara I lernen
and niece of Mrs. George Stewart, a native of
California, aged 19 years 7 months and 26 days.
Friends and acquaintances i»ri» resnect-
. fully Invited to attend trie funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at la o'clock m.. a: Sonoma.
Interment Sonoma Cemetery. Remains at her
sister's residence, 311 San Jo-e avuaoe- .
TULLETT -In : Pleasant Vai;oy, Piedmont,' Sep-
tember 28, 1393. William, beloved husband of
Sadie Tullett, a native ot England, aged 58 years
10 months and 8 days.
WATERMAN— In this city, : September 28. 1890,
_Ma?L'te, beloved wife of -George Waterman, a
. na.ive of San Francisco, aged 3 ) years.
WYNN— An anniversary requiem mass for the
.- repose of he soul or the kate William Wynn will
be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at & o'clock a. h. friends t and
acqtisintances are invited 10 attend. ' .
' ; tViCAVOY & CALLACHER , ! j
FUN'KRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM K'RS
20 FiftU St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
• ■ .Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEilE-
tery to the city; non-sectarian: in iiosensaex*
elusive; location unexcelled. Othc« i>>»/ _i«x_M
s Mwct. souiheat; cor«« v! suuk '
1314
BOURBONS FIGHT
WITH SPIRIT
The Junta Splits in Twain
and War Is in the
Air.
There Is a Hopeless Feud Be
tween the Kilkenny Cats of
Democracy.
RAINEY TO NAME SUPERVISORS
The Millionaire Candidate for Mayor
Cannot Clean the Augean
Stables.
The deadly feud existing between the
■warring factions of the Democratic Junta
was widened yesterday beyond all nope of
reconciliation, if, indeed, there was any
such hope before the hoodlum gathering
called Rainey's municipal convention dis
graced itself at Odd Fellows' Hall on Mon
day nicht.
There were mutterings and curses
among the disgruntled all day yester
The Augean Stable Appals the So-Called Democratic Hercules.
day. Men who went to the slaughter as
warriors in the lists against King Rainey
said they did not object to defeat in open,
honorable battle, but they protested
against the speed with which the machine
put through its slate. The many friends
of aued Peter McArdle, whose safety was
for a time in jeopardy, think there was no
excuse for the wanton insults that were
heaped upon bis head when ne attempted
to speak. Besides the catcalls and veils of
"Get onto yourself, old Whiskers." it :s
generally held that it was the basest of in
■ulte to gather the aged orator by the nape
of the neck and elsewhere and boost him
from the sta-e err; he had passed the first
mile r>ost of his peroration.
Just as Mr. McArdle had addressed an
apostrophe to liberty and entered upon an
appeal for purity he felt himself within
the clutch of tue bouncer. He made a
mute appeal to the mob and was hurled
back to bis seat. This insult his friends
resent. They say that it outdoes the wild
est orgies ever seen south of Market.
Besides the wide breach in the Junta, it
becomes daily more apparent that there is i
not a single point whereon the Junta and
the regular Buckley crowd can meet for a
moment. The gold element is now gener
ally understood as indorsing Pheian, and
it becomes more apparent every hour that
the friend 1 of Bryan and the silver ticket
will not be driven to stultify themselves
by supporting a man who believes, in his
heart, tnat the ma«ses of his Democratic
associates are anarchists, Populists and
enemies of the established order of things.
It is believed that Puelan's views on
tod are the same as those of ex-Mayor
I. B. Pond, and that the Junta's man for
the mayoralty wculd have gone to tne In- '
dianapolis Convention but for the fact j
HEW TO-PAY.
HMIHmitfUMMMH
i .
Ginger
i
i
! Lot's of
Ginger
Fred Brown's
Ginger
i '. Tor cramps, colic, cholera morbns, dys-
i entery And all summer complaints.
1 Bold everywhere. Made only by
; FRED BROWN CO., PHILADELPHIA.
that the tittle bee of ambition sung to him
the song tbat made nim long to be at the
head of the municipality.
But the dissension does not end here,
for there are local issues that promise to
cause much more confusion, bickering
anl bitterness.
There is not a more persevering friend
of the new charter in San Francisco than
the Junta's kid-glove candidate. On the
other han.i, Dimond is bitterly opposed to
the charter and stands ready to lead an
active fight against it. It is said that such
men as President Fletcher and oth-rs of
tne improvement clubs seriously object to
having the clubs indorse Phelan, who is
president of the associated clubs. They
say they are not organized^ for political
] urposes, and that they will under no cir
cumstances be put in the position of an
auxiliary campaign committee of Sam
Rainey's Junta. It is more than probable
that the row over the attempt to have
Pheian indorsed by the cluos will grow
much warmer, and that many of the mem
bers will fall in line and vote for Colonel
Charles L. Taylor.
Another element that greatly adds to
the Democratic confusion is the growing
strength of the Buckley crowd and t!>e
determined opposition of the Populists to
the gold ideas of Mr. Phelan. Many
Popocrats abolutely refuse to indorse or
appear to give countenance to a nan
whose views are in opposition to the
main sentiment of the campaign, as seen
from a Democratic viewpoint.
It was> quite plainiy decided yesterday
that Raiiiry will name his own Super
visors. This means that the young mil
lionaire's attempt to clean the Augean
stables of the Demncrp.cy will fail. In
consequence it is possible that still wider
confusion will re ult by the refusal of
Puelan to accept the Junta's nomination.
So altogether the Democoats are sorely
pressed and few know where they stand
and none bare hopes of victory.
Silver Democrats.
Twenty-five cents' worth of red fire
burned in rrnall quantities last night
illuminated the tent at Market and Larkin
streets, which had been deserted by the
Populists in favor of Thirty-first and
Thirty-ninth simon-pnre 16 10 1 Bryan
Silver clubs. The audience was neither
large nor enthusiastic wlien listening to
Mr. McCreery, William M. Scott and Rev.
George W. Henning, who explained why
they believed in the free and unlimited
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to L
ALL HAD TO DIG.
Allied Democrats and Populists
Moat Under Difficulties.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— A mass
meeting of the Allied Democrats, Popu
lists and Silver party was held to-night at
tbe Tabernacle. A hitch occurred over
the opening of the house, as the rent was
not paid in advance, but twenty-five silver
dollars were dug up and the hall was
opened. There was a moderate attend
ance and representatives of the three par
ties were on the platform.
Henry C. McPike ( Democrat") was elected
chairman, and the first speaker introduced
was Judge E. M. Gibson (Populist), who
made a long argument in favor of 16 to 11
Hon. M. r. Taylor of Colorado was the
next speaker. His remarks were confined
to the restriction of immigration and tbe
free coinage of silver and he paid a high
tribute to the ability of Senator Teller.
T. F. Garrity, a Democratic candidate f r
Superior Judge, also made a short speech.
Sliver Speakers.
A. C. Ellis of Salt Lake City and W. A.
Husby will address tbe silver meeting to
be held to-morrow night in Metropolitan
Hall. ____________^__
THE GUNS SNORTED.
Some "Wind Shot»»» From the Dyna
mite Battery Fired for General
Mile*.
General Miles was at the dynamite bat
tery on the bluff above the fort yesterday
and some "wind shots" were fired for his
edification.
Tho test was one of the mechanisms of
the gum only, and no shell* were used,
but the force of the discharge was easily
seen by the way it cut the tops of the
young trees which are growing up in front
of the guns to "mask" the battery.
The sound of the discbarge could be
plainly heard for about a mile and a half,
but it is not a sound that "carries." It
seems more like a snort of displeasure,
greatly magnified and with a vicious snap
to it. It is very like the sound which
might issue frum an overworked exhaust
pipe, and it lias not even body enough to
echo from the hills across the 6trait. It
is at tne other end of the range, however,
that the dynamite gun does business, and
this feature was not shown to the general
yesterday. His attention might have been
drawn to some big boles in the bluffs
across the water made when the guns were
really loaded, however, as proof that they
can do more than give a non-committal
but impatient grunt when the button is
pressed.
City and County Hospital.
The out-clinic at the City and County Hos
pital for the treatment of poor patients has
been abolished by the Board of Health, and
Superintendent Stuhle calls the attention of
the indigent poor to that fact. This decision
was arrived at during a meeting of the board
on September 16 on a motion made by Dr H
H. Hart, which was carried unanimously 'ou
aad after to-morrow tho out-clinic will be
closed.
Broke HI a Right Leg.
William Jarman, a painter, living at 424
Page street, slipped from the curbstone at
Hayes and Octavia street* yesterday afternoon
and fell, breakine his right leg. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital. Jarman has been
unfortunate, as only recently he fell and frac
tured his right kneecap.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1896.
Enjoying; a Rap at the Goldbugs*
PANDEMONIUM
AMONG POPULISTS
Ex - Boss Buckley's Fine
Hand Seen in Their
Nominations.
Leggett, Ferral, Dunne and
Burke Nominated for Su
perior Judges.
SUPERVISORS FOR FOUR WARDS
Riot Over Jndg! Hebbard's Candidacy.
More Nominations Will B:
Made To-Night.
Superior Judges— Robert Ferral, Frank
H. Dunne, Joseph Leggett and W. G.
Burke.
Supervisors — Twelfth Ward, Adolpb
Sutro; Eleventh Ward, D. B. T< dd; Tenth
Ward, William Fahey; Ninth Ward, Ter
ence O'Brien.
Cheers, shouts, stamping of feet, yells,
catcalls, hisses and howling. These are
the demonstrations that in large part sup
planted the regular programme of th«
Populists in convention to make nomina
tions at Scottish Hall last night.
The body had hardly been called to or
der and the investigation committee re
ported favorably on the names of nominees
suggested at the previous session, with the
single exception of Judge Hebbard, when
a small riot was precipited by a favorable
ruling of tbe chair as regards the possibil
ity of Judge Hebbard as a nominee for
Superior Judge.
Preliminary to this ruling it was de
cided that four Superior Judges should be
voted for by each delegation, and that
after their names, when written on a
blackboard, should be placed a letter
showing if the candidates were also the
nominees of other parties. It was further
settled that any delegation casting more
votes than it was entitled to should be
debarred from voting any more for the
evening. This rule was afterward re
peatedly violated, but in each case the
delegation was permitted to correct its
vote.
The names of those voted on for Suoe
rior Judges were A. A. Sanderson (D.),
Frank H. Dunne (D.). Robert Ferral (D.),
H. W. Philbrook (I.), Joseph Leggett (D),
Rhodes Borden (D.), W. G. Burke (D.), F.
J. Murasky (D.). Borden was obliged
Will Vote for Bryan.
prior to the balloting to appear before the
investigation committee, whose questions
he answered properly.
Tingman asked for a ruling of the chair
on who should be considered nominees.
Day wait ruled that voting should be had
on candidates reported on by the investi
gation committee. This ruling would
have included Judge Hebbard.
Then came pandemonium. Gillespie
was on his feet in a trice, passionately ap
pealing from the chair's ruling.
"This is an attempt on the part of the
chairman to railroad a McKinley man and
a go.dbug through this convention," be
shouted in stentorian tones, "and it must
be defeated."
"Yes," yelled Cator, "it is a shame that
in the face of the resolution adopted by
this convention a McKinley gold bug
should be indorsed by this convention.
Every lawyer Knows that there i- par
tisanship on the bencu. No man who was
refused the nomination of his own party
should be considered by the Populist
party."
Dr. C. D. Cleveland also spoke to the
question, in emphatic tones supporting
Cator and Gillespie.
Attorney Ross of the Forty-fourth and
Hon. J. Taylor Rogers spoke in support of
tne chair, Rogers contending that tbe in
terpretation of parliamentary rules by
Hebbard's opponents was rendered in an
absurd manner.
Daywalt surrendered the chair to Ting
man, and spoke m behalf of his ruling in
a short but eloquent speech. He declared
that be wished to railroad no man through
the convention; he wished simply to see
tli at justice was done.
On bning put to a vote there was a divi
sion. John C. Gore called for a standing
vote, in order that the "traitors" should
be seen in all their conspicuousness.
Tingmun declared that there were no
traitors in the People's party. On a
Btanding vote the appeal of Giliespie was
sustained.
The name of James G. Britt was with
drawn from the candidacy lor Superior
Judge. The name of Frank Lawler was
substituted, but for some reason was not
voted on.
Charles Schaffer was suggested as a
nominee for Supervi or from the Sixth
Ward and Robert Munch as Surveyor.
The report of the committee un investi
gation statins that all suggestions of
names of nominees must be in by to-night
was read, and Stephen R. O'Keefe was
placed forward lor Police Judge. Ballot
ing for four Superior Judges was then
begnn.
Amid loud acclamation it was announced
that a total of 104 votes were cast, which
stood as lollows: A. A. Sanderson 29, F.
H. Dunne 79; H. W. Philbrook 28, Robert
Ferral 100. Joseph Leggett 95, W. G.
Burke 56, F. Mufasky 16, Rhodes Borden
17. Dunne, Leggett, Ferral and Burke,
receiving a majority over all, were de
clared the nominees of the People's party.
Balloting was then had for a Supervisor
from the Twelfth Ward. The name of T.
G. Parker, Mayor Sutro's only ODpon«nt,
was withdrawn by Attorney Haskell ac
cording to Parker's wish, and Sutro's
nomination was made unanimous for
Supervisor from the Twelfth Ward. Loud
cheering followed.
There were two candidates from the
Eleventh Ward— J. A. Anthony (P.) and
D. D. Todd (D.). Todd received 66 votes
to Anthony's 35 and was declared the
nominee.
The vote for the candidates from the
Tenth Ward was: lor Charles Gildea (1).),
43; for William Fahey (D.), 48, and for Dr.
Rottanzi, 7. No one was declared the
nominee, as no candidate received a
majority over all. A reballot resulted in
Fahey receiving 57 and Gildea 40. Fahey
was declared the nominee.
In order to continue the balloting on
the Ninth Ward it was found necessary to
True, True; Every Word of It
True*
extend the time of adjournment from 11
to 11:30 o'clock. The ballot resulted in P.
D. Mullaney (D.) receiving 6 votes, Ter
ence O'Brien (D.) 71, H. B. Goeckin (D.)
7, John Baker (I.) 9 O'Brien was de
clared the nominee from the Ninth Ward.
A shrewd scheme was practiced in bring
ing: O'Brien's name forward as that of a
candidate of the Populist belief. Many
Populists left tbe hall still believing him
of their lollowing.
The casting of ballots was attended rith
great excitement, as many of the delegates
forgot to rise when their vote was an
nounced. Taken all in all, the consensus
of politicians is that Buckley was pretty
well represented on the ticket. Dunne is
said to be a Junta man.
Adjournment was taken till 7:30 o'clock
to-nigh», the convention to be hejd at the
People's Party tent.
ACCUSED SUPERVISORS,
Jury Impaneled by the Court
to Try the Solid
Seven.
Trial Did Not Proceed Yesterday
Owing to Illness of tbe Dis
trict Attorney.
The seven Supervisors who were ac
cused by the late Grand Jury of miscon
duct in office in reducing the assessments
of the San Francisco Gaslk'bt Company
and Market-street Railway Company were
before Judge Seawell, Department
1, Superior Court, yesterday. They were
represented by Joseoh C. Campbell and
John H. Dickinson. The people were
represented by District Attorney W. B.
Barnes and his assistant, Mr. Hosmer.
A jury consisting of the following citi
zens was secured yesterday forenoon:
John Titns, 1040 Army street; Charles
Wiener, 380 Sixtb street : Max Armer, 306
Sacramento street; M. Hashagan, 506
Sixth street; John Brophy, Ninth and
Clementina streets; J. J. Calliah, 2124 Fia
more street; Gus Harshall, 1008 Post
street; Jamos Fagan, 10 Hanover street
8. S. Franklin, 1803 Jones mreet; Myer D
Levinson, 120 Butter; Fred Hutmeyer!
1736 Devisadero street; Chris Knobman
2031 Fill more street. '
In the selection of the jury the defend
ants used nine peremptory challenges and
the people five. One juror was excused
by consent and two were disqualified
uuder the statute. Many questions were
propounded to ascertain if the jurors were
biased or had close relations with the
Supervisors, the Civic Federation or the
corporations whose assessments were re
duced.
The accused Supervisors are: Joseph
King, Peter A. Scully, E. C. Hughes C.
E. Benjamin, A. W". Morgenstern, Chris
Dunker and E. L. Wagner.
The trial did not proceed at 2 o'clock
yeeterday afternoon, as the court expected,
owing to the illness of District Attorney
Barnes. Tho cause was adjourned there
fore until 10 o'clock to-day.
Stole a Boat.
Frank Wilson and Wesley Wilbur, jinst out of
their teens, were booked at the City Prison
yesterday on the charge of grand larceny by
Detectives Dillon and Crockett. A few days
ago they stole a Whitehall boat from Green
street wharf belonging to John Lewis and
rowed wit*\ it to Antiocti, where they were ar
rested and brought back to the City. They
were trying to sell the boat for #10.
MOTHER-HEART
OF VOLUNTEERS
Mrs. Maud Ballington
Booth Speaks of Her
Children.
Impressive Inaugural Campaign
Service at Metropolitan
Temple.
THE RECORD OF SjX MONTHS.
Sketch of the Organ zation's Wonder
ful Progress in a Short Space
of T me.
"A Loving Greeting" — such was the
welcome, emblazoned in letters of azure
and gold, accorded by the Volunteers of
America u> their guests at iast night's in
augural campaign service in Metropolitan
Temple.
The troop 3 assembled at their head
quarters in the old Young Men's Christian
Association Building on Suiter street, and
marcned to the corner of Fifth and Jessie
streets, where a very creditable open-air
concert was given by the battalion brass
band. Meanwhile people were pouring
into the temple, the interior of which was
elaborately yet tastefully adorned with
hangings and flowers. Soon the building
was packed and when the exercises began
there was room for no more.
Major Blackhurst presided, and when
he led Mrs. Maud Ballington Booth to the
central seat on the platform there was a
burst of applause. Those oa the platform
knelt a moment in silent prayer, after
which the hymn '-Nearer, My God, to
Thee," was sung with a spirited chorus
after each stanza. The Rev. William
Rader, pastor of the Third Congregational
Church, then led in prayer.
Miss Montgomery gave a most artistic
and expressive rendering of "The Holy
City," beine accompanied on the piano
by Major Blackhurst, who proved himself
an able, sympathetic accompanist.
After a brief reading from the "Volun
teer Daybook." or manual of devotion,
and an oft-repeated chorus, Major Black
hurst deiivere.i a graceful audress of wel
come to Mrs. Ballington Booth, whom he
introduced as "the mother-heart of the
Volunteers."
The enthusiasm with which the little
lady was greeted was indescribable. Four
times did she attempt to speak, each time
being interrupted by bursts of cheering,
hats and handkerchiefs being waved amid
cries of "God bless Mrs. Booth," and huz
zas without number.
"I have come from my post in Sing
Sins," said Mrs. Booth, "and naturaLy
gravitated toward San Quentin. There I
found a glad welcome and I hope twenty
seven precious souls were saved.
"As yet the Volunteers of America are
a little weak band, only six months old.
We are not here to promise great things
nor to make ambitious schemes. The
Volunteers are animated by love of God,
love of country and love of the outcasts I
not by a spirit of controversy nor a wish!
10 tear open old sores. Ido not wish to I
attempt a justification of the course pur
sued by myself and my husband six !
months ago. That course was forced
upon us and resulted in the birth of
this movement — a movement brought
forth amid tears, prayers and heartrend
ing agony.
"We expected a longer, harder fight !
than we have had. The commander and
I, when the work of nine years was closed j
a ainst us, were minded to retire into
private life. Our hearts were crushed and
sorrowful. But friends besought us to set
them to work with us for God. Day after
day on our knees we sought for light and
guidance aud at last out of the primal
chaos came order. First we took a name.
England has its paid troops, Germany its
compulsory military servii c and France
its conscriptiqn, but this country in its !
days of darkest peril has ever relied upon !
its voliimetTß. The name soon became j
popular and is now our recognized title.
"Our aim has been misunderstood and !
misrepresented. We have been accused j
of neglecting the lower orders of society, '
of having no rescue homes, and of keep- '
ing away from the slums. As a fact, we j
wish and intend to go wherever Christ !
may wish us to carry his mes-age of hope '
to the boneless. This is our field. Let us !
grow a little — we are only six months old — i
and we will try to labor in it as best we !
BUT.
"We started with five officers in three j
rooms. We have now in New York head- j
quarters consisting of t ree floors, with a I
staff of forty-five officers. Our posts j
throughout the Union number 116, and
OUT officers upward of 300. We nave no
life vows. The commander and I never
took vows for life, as we came into the Sal
vation Army before the swearing-in service !
was institu«ed.
"Our work is a National one, though we
shall gladly let any Volunteer leave our ;
ranks to work for Gel in foreign lands, |
and try to raise the money for nis fare."
Mrs. Ballington Booth then announced I
that she had a secret which she would re- I
veal this evening. She also gave a sKetch
of the order's secular branch, the "De
fenders' League," and invited new mem- ■
bers into its ranks. A band of winsome ■
lasses in cadet blue uniforms went through
th« audience and soon recruited a score or
so of "defenders," each of whom pledged
$5 a year for the support of the cause.
The doxology was sung, and after a
brief prayer Mrs. Ballington Booth pro
nounced the benediction.
BATTING AND BOXING
Burlesque Baseball Game on Sun-
day — Club ; Fights for
October.
The Manhattan Athletic Club will give
a first-class athletic entertainment this j
evening in its gymnasium at 1749 Mission
street. A good programme of boxing and
wrestling events has been arranged by the
athletic committee.
The following fights will be held in Oc
tober: Savage vs. Raphael, Eureka Club,
October 2 '; Green vs. Tracy and Turner vs.
Walker, Occidental Club, October 8; j
O'Brien, vs. Moore, Broadway Athletic \
Club, New York, October 12; Walcott vs. '
Quinn, Empire Athletic Club, Long Island,
October 12; : Kelly vs. Agnews, Shannon,
vs. Lewis, Anthony vs. Cooney, Anthony j
v? Carkeek, at Armory Club, Oc:ooer 16;
Lavigne vs. Everhardt, Bohemian Club,
New York. October 27. .
The Maher « and Choynski fight will be
held in New York some time in Novem
ber.
The following is the make-up of the
theatrical baseball teams which will play
a burlesque game on Sundny next at the
Presidio Athletic grounds. ; The great and j
only Ferris^Hartman' will act a-* umpire,
and that means sport for all : '
Tlvoll Opera-bouse. Positions." Oroheum Theater.
Mullen ..........: Pitcher...... C Taylor
Wnar.' ..;..*...... (Second base ...Homer
WUHaaiß.".'.-..."..."..... First base Sam Simmons
M0rtimer...... ..;... ..5h0rt5t0p...... .....Coyle
1Mie... ....:..;..:.; Kiabt n>ul;......Scbunahaus
coring :.......*.... Center fie1d. ...... ...Mccarty
Hougdey ..n.. ..Catcher.. .;.. ........Saliujfer
Janngao ....:...... Left field ..Damon
Fagtn....;.......v...^ Third ba.e.........Ed Lewin
Ferris Hariman, ump're.
■' ' '
— vT — -- ..... Hi^-j
_ wv^^^ v^^___^^^^ SEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. [ t^^fl
NOVELTY SILKIi f
« ulijhbi
This week we will exhibit x ati elegant
assortment of the LATEST NOVELTIES in
Silks for Fall wear. It will include ombre -fl
effects in stripes and figures, Fancy ,Warp J y
prints in monotone effects, handsome \wi- fl
toned effects in heavy Brocaded Silks, for "f
street and evening dresses. ii
SPECIAL VALUED I 1
BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRtIN SILKS, large variety
of new designs, 22 inches wide > ......... $1.00 a Yard |i
BLACK BROCADED SATIN DUCBESSE, elegant assortment
large de5ign5. .......... .... ... .... . $1.25 a Yard
Good value for $1,75.
BLACK MIRROR MOIRE, latest novelty for handsome f
Dress Skirts .$1.50 and $1.75 a Yard M
BLACK SATIN irUCDESSE, all pure silk and full 24 inches
wide. ..... . . ..... ....... ... ...... $1.00 a Yard
Worth $1.50.
CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILKS (extra quality), 100 dif-
ferent combinations 75c a Yard
BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK (small patterns), I
extra heavy quality, 22 inches wide .75c a Yard
Worth $1.25.
1000 pieces COLORED SILK VELVETS, in 100 different
shades. .Price $1.50 and $2.00 a Yard
Worth $2.00. and $2.50 per Yard. wfJ
111. 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I, —^ ' w£i
"THE MARTIAN "~ft
A NEW SERIAL i
WRITTEN AND ILLUSTRATED BY 1
GEORGE DU MAURIER I
• . THE AUTHOR OF I
"TRILBY 1 ' and "PETER IBBETSON" i
' • *» WiLJ '. -;■ ; r - ? \.~'\ I I]
• Copyright, i«96, by Harper and Brother* t «p k
BEGINS IN
Harper's Magazine
FOR OCTOBER NOW READY
HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, New York -|
$75 ™4 ROOMS
"■ CONSISTING OP
PARLOR,BECROOM I DINING-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS. .
Tapestry Brussels, per yard............-..50 Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard .......... ........... «5 Cents
Matting, per yard .. 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ............. 825 CO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror 9£5 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
HHPSPSf; OPEN EVENINGS
Four- Hood C«t»loguc« Mailed Free.
07 Vim Faekbic and OeUr«7 sstom tb« S«r.
, THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON , ;
The GRILL I
Ladies' ROOM
OF THE i\\J\JlVi
j PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St*
"notary public.
/"IHAKI>fc".S H. PiilLLI •>. . T I ORETKY-ATV
\j ■ Law and - Notary Public, 6:*B Mar Ket St., odd v
site Palace Hote!. Telephone 570. Residence ltSo
i'td street. TeleDhoßa •' Piaa " 'Z&ai;- n , 0 "*