VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 73.
BRI TON SEIZE
ALASKA MINES.
Rich Placer Tracts Are
Annexed to Canada's
Territory.
CHANGE IN BOUNDARIES
Owners of Claims Now Paying
Taxes to the Crown's
Exchequer.
MOUNTED POLICE IN CONTROL.
Water Rights of Forty Streams Taken
Without a Protest From This
Government.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Aug. 11.—
The richest gold placer mines of Alaska
have been transferred to Canadian terri
tory, and miners are now paying miners'
tax to British authorities. The territory
in question is from three to eiitht miles in
width, and embraces the rich placer claims
on Glacier and Miller creeks which hereto
fore were supposed to be in Alaska Terri
tory. Now the miners learn that they are
subjected to the laws of Great Britain.
Tueße statements were made to-day by
Captain William Moore, Canadian mail
carrier between Victoria and Fort Cudahy,
Northwest Territory. He has just returned
from taking the first mail to the Yukon
miners on British territory. Errors in the
old survey were discovered late last au
tumn, and during the winter Professor
Ogiiviee, who now has charge of a corps of
British engineers engaged in locating the
boundary between the two countries, made
the correction, transferring a strip of terri
tory from three to seven miles wide from
Alaska to Canada. Over 200 miners were
affected. These the Canadian mounted
police immediately compelled to pay min
er's taxes.
Moore says there can be no doubt as to
the correctness of the new survey. All of
Miller and Glacier creeks and parts of sev
eral other streams rich in gold-diggings
are now claimed by British authorities.
At nrst the American miners were dis
posed to resent the encroachment, Moore
said, but after they had come to realize
the benefits accruing from British juris
diction they accepted the authority of the
UrUish police.
That portion of the Yukon embraces the
most valuable mining possessions in Alas
ka and affects the water rights of forty
streams on Miller Creek. In eighteen
months a man named Miil°r, who came
out with Moore, took out 260 pounds of
gold nuggets, valued at $60,000. Many
other ricn strikes are reported.
It appears that the miners concluded
that the United States Government did
not care enough for the territory to estab
lish a Government fort, inasmuch as Pro
fessor Ogiiviee was permitted to locate such
boundary lines as he chose withoui the
assistance or the presence of American
officials and no efforts were made to pre
vent the police from enforcing their regu
lations over that portion of Alaska Terri
tory, Ogiivie sending his field notes and
observations to Ottawa in charge of his
son.
He told Moore he would remain at Fort
Cudahy until the arrival of American
surveyors to check his work if they so
desired.
The British authorities are firm in their
method of exercising the laws, but show
great respect to the mining interests, ap
parently impressing upon them the bene
fits to be derived from Canadian authority
as compared with United States rule. No
excitement exists and no trouble is an
ticipated. The miners are paying their
taxes and submitting to the new laws.
Moore says provisions ran short last win
ter and the mine-workers were subjected
to considerable hardships and a little suf
fering. They exist, d on flour and fresh
meat. He ieft Victoria in May, crossed
White Pass Summit, descended the Yukon
and then went to San Francisco, via St.
Michaels Island, with a party of seventy
miners, who were taking out 2<>Jo pounds
of golddust. Late in antuniu ten miners,
who were going through the interior to
the mines, lost their lives by drowning.
He s>avs Canadian capitalists contemplate
building thirty miles of narrow-gauge
railroad from the head of Lynn, Canal
to the chain of lakes, connecting
with the Yukon River, and then
establish passenger and freight service
between Victoria and the Yukon mines.
An addition of two small draught steam
boats in the lakes would complete the
services. The cost would be nominal and
would divert all trade to British Columbia.
PEACE RESTORED AT SISSON.
The McCloud River Railway Company to
Employ But a Limited Number
of Chinese.
SISSON, Cal., Aug. 1L — A citizens'
meeting was held this afternoon at which
W. W. Van Arsdale, manager of the Siski
you Lumber and Mercantile Company,
stated, upon request, his reasons for em
ploying Chinese on the McCloud River
Railroad. He said he had 2.50 white labor
ers, but needed seventy-five Chinese to
work at grading, as there we,re not enough
whiteß. He had only twenty-five Chinese
when they were driven off. He would put
all whites to work, up to 400, if they
could be engaged, but even then he needed
Chinese. He had trouble in hiring white
men who could stand the work. The com
pany, he said, must manage to complete
the road this season to a point twenty-five
miles distant, where a big mill is to be
built next spring. If it could not it would
stop construction altogether for this year,
as otherwise Hie money invested would be
tied up- too long for advantage.
The property-owners and business men
unanimously passed a motion allowing
the company to hire seventy-nve Chinese
to November 15 only, no Chinese to be
•inploved after that date.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
TESTED IN A LOS
ANGELES COURT,
Millions Saved to Uncle
Sam by a Judicial
Decision.
LOST TO THE RAILWAYS
Judge Welborn Rules That
Troops Must Be Transported
for Half Fare.
RATES FIXED BY CONGRESS.
Right of the Nation's Lawmakers to
Regulate Compensation Is
Defined.
Lcs Angeles Office of The Call, \
328 South Broadway. >
Los Angeles, Cal., Aug. 11. )
Judge Welborn of the United States Cir
cuit Court to-day handed down a decision
of great moment, involving entirely new
and original questions touching the right
of Congress to regulate the rates charg
atle by the railroads of the country in the
conduct of interstate commerce business.
It is probably the most important deci
sion ever rendered, as affecting the rights
and privileges of railroad corporations.
The amount involved is as large as that of
the income tax, and the principles laid
down by the court are as important in
New York and Massachusetts as in Cali
fornia.
The issues settled by this decision are
those arising between the Government of
the United States and land-grant rail
roads as to the rate of compensation that
the roads should receive for the transpor
tation of troops, mail and other effects.
The roads claimed they had a right to
charge the Government the same rates as
individual shippers or travelers, while
Congress has frequently provided that the
compensation should be not to exceed
half of the regular rate, the exact figures
to be fixed hy the Secretary of War.
Under these acts of Congress only half
rates have been paid by the Government
and the roads desiring to have the matter
settled for all time brought a test case
under the Court of Claims act, the At
lantic and Pacific Railroad being the
plaintiff, to recover full fare for the trans
portation of a trooper — Phillip Barrett —
from Albuquerque, N. ilex., to Prescott
Junction, Ariz., a distance of 428 miles.
The regular fare for the trip is $25 70.
The Government offered $13 23. The rail
road refused to accept that amount and
brought suit for the full amount. The
railroad — the Atlantic and Pacific — was
represented by Judge Terry, its chief at
torney, assisted by Herrin of the Southern
Pacific. The decision of Judge Welborn
is very lengthy and enters fully into the
discussion of the subject. It is a com
plete victory for the Government.
The importance of this decision may be
understood when it is stated that the At
lantic and Pacific alone would receive
$750,000 a year more for the transportation
of troops, and that when the charges for
carrying the mails are added the differ
ence on this one road in favor of the Gov
ernment reaches $1,500,000 annually.
As the land-grant roads include one- half
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 12, 1896.
" THERE GOES ANOTHER BUBBLE."
the mileage of the railroads of the country,
the amount involved reaches from $40,
--000,000 to $50,000,000 a year. Besides the
Santa Fe and Southern Pacific systems
there are the Northern Pacific, the Texas
and Kansas roads, the Rock Island and
the numerous roads in Missouri, Wiscon
sin, lowa and Nebraska.
Tne decision, however, is not applica
ble to the land-grant roads alone, but ap
plies to all the railroads in the country,
and is not confined to Government busi
ness, but involves the right of Congress to
fix the compensation for all charges by the
railroads for interstate commerce.
PURSUING ENSENADA RAIDERS.
Mexican Cutters in Chase of a Schooner
Carrying a Party of Gold-Bar
Thieves.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 11.— The sequel
to the Ensenaaa gold-bar robbery is rap
idly developing at Ensenada and along
the shore. Garratt, the principal in the
robbery, is safe behind the bars, with his
tool, Sam Hay ward; but Allan Pratt and
another man, a stranger, are aboard the
junk Pekin, and the Ensenada authorities
are bending every nerve to overhaul them.
Mounted rurales have been sent for miles
up and down the coast, keeping a sharp
watch of every little cove and landing
place, and every available vessel at En
senada has been ordered into service to
pursue the Pekin, which is a junk usually
engaged in the stealing of guano from the
Lower California islands.
M. Riveroll, the shipping agent at En
senada from whom the bar of gold was
stolen, has kept detectives on the trail- of
Pratt and Garratt since their release from
jail two weeks ago after serving sixteen
months as suspects. Riveroll learned that
they came here, met and parted ; Garratt
remaining and Pratt announcing that he
was going to San Francisco. The next
day both turned up at San Pedro, Pratt
disguised as a middle-aged German and
Garratt clad in old working clothes. They
hired the schooner Dawn and came to this
city, and tried to get the skipper of the
Dawn to land them on the coast near En
senada, whence they could make their
way to the buried gold bar, but the skip
per became alarmed. The men then hired
the Pekin.
Riveroll knew of these negotiations, and
managed to get a trusted employe, An
tonio Feliz, on the vessel as a sailor.
Feliz knows the lower coast well, and is
instructed to do his best to deliver the
whole outfit over to the Lower California
authorities. The steamer Pacheco of this
port is now in Ensedena, and may be
called upon to chase the fugitive guano
schooner.
But the captain of the schooner is wide
awake, knowing if he is caught a long im
prisonment awaits him, as well as confis
cation of his vessel for poaching.
He will probably keep well out to sea,
where he will have a free fight if anybody
attempts to oveihaul him.
The developments in the case are awaited
with much interest here, as it is hinted
that the stranger on the Pekin is a well
known resident of this city, who is to act
as a "fence" in case Garratt and Pratt got
away with the big $12,000 bar. The name
of the stranger cannot be learned, but it is
known that he has been shadowed for
months by Riveroll's detectives.
REDWOOD CITY FONGERY CASE.
The Preliminary Jux.tmination of Mr*.
.. Alice , Burn* ' Continued.
WOODLAND, Cal.. Aug. 11.— Word was
received in this city yesterday from Red
wood City that the preliminary examina
tion of Mrs. Alice Burns, ; daughter ;of
Capitalist J. H. Hollingsworth, of this
city, on a charge of forgery, had been con
tinued to AuEUst 17. The arrest of Mrs.
Burns on C a warrant ■* sworn to by her
mother-in-law, Mrs. Cornelia Burns, of
San "j Francisco, . created » a sensation 4in
Yolo and San San Mateo counties several
weeks ago. '■ - v
PLACER COUNTY'S
BIG CONVENTION
Samuel M. Shortridge Ad
dressed the People of
Auburn.
FERVID WORD-PAINTING
Senator George C. Perkins' As
pirations for Re-election
Checked.
THE SAN FRANCISCAN'S TALK.
That California Will Surely Join the
Republican Column Is
Predicted.
ATI BURN, Cal., Aur.ll.— Sweet Auburn,
loveliest village of all that lie in golden
sunshine on the rolling hills of pine and
oak wtiere slopes the grand Sierra toward
the sea; Auburn of the bright blue sky, of
gentle airs that waft refreshing coolness to
the brow, where blooms the oleander in a
wilderness of white and pink beside the
deep-green orange, the gray olive, the leafy
fig, the clustering vine; Auburn in whose
red bosom gleams the yellow gold, was
glad to-day and decked as becomes a bride.
Her loyalty, her patriotism, fluttered
among the shady bowers in stripes of red
ana white, with field of blue with stars
thereon, the flag that floats above the
freest, fairest on all the whirling globe.
It was Republican day. The sunny
afternoon was spent in council by the
faithful men whose dnty it was to repre
sent the loyalty of Placer County before
the Nation.
The arrival of the county convention
delegates and the big Republican gather
ing for the evening had caused the wooded
hills to deck themselves with gorgeous
colors, and when the rosy west was melt
ing into the blue beneath the slender silver
crescent of the young moon, the gardens
glowed with paper lanterns diffusing a
mellow yellow light amid the deepening
of the shadows where the rose, the lilac
and the magnolia breathed their sweet
perfume on the evening air.
The session of the county convention,
which was held in the' afternoon and
evenine in the opera-h ;use, was dis
tinguished by two notable incidents.
One was the introduction of a reso
lution indorsing for United States
Senator, Hon. George C. Perkins, and
instructing the nominee for the As
semby. if elected, to vote for Senator Per
kins' re-election. This resolution was put
to the house and was defeated by an over
whelming majority.
The other notable incident was the en
thusiastic reception accorded to the Hon.
Samuel M. Shortridge of San Francisco.
As soon as he made his appearance at the
back of the parquet, insistent calls were
made for him to speak. In response to
this enthusiastic outburst, Chairman
Hawk appointed a committee of two to
escort Mr. Shortridge to the platform and
called upon him for a few remarks. Mr.
Sbortridge said :
"Gentlemen of the convention and fellow
citizens of Placer County: If the candi
dates which you are to nominate are
guided and actuated by the true Repub
licanism which guides and actuates you, I
am sure that we will not only put Califor
nia in the Republican column, but will
elect William McKinley President of the
United States.
"Gentlemen, I am proud to be able to
be presented to you here. I came here to
preach the doctrine of Republicanism.
The Republican party is the party of law,
of order, of silver and of gold." Here
the speaker's voice was drowned by an
outburst of applause. "It is the party of
protection," he added. "The Republican
party is the party which did not place a
crown of thorns upon the brow of labor,
but it is the party that took the crown of
Scenes at the Qathering of pacific Coast Jurners Under the Jrees
and on the Beach at Santa Gruz.
thorns from off the brow of labor and
placed a crown of glory there. [Ap
plause.] /
"I shall attempt to-night to explain to
you why I am a Republican and to testify
my faith in that grand political organiza
tion. We have a standard-bearer worthy
of his great predecessors, and we are
proud that we with him can lift up the
banner of the Republican party, and we
are equally proud to follow the leadership
of that spotless statesman, soldier and
patriot, William McKinley."
The convention did a wise thing and
played a winning card when it nominated
Judge John Fulweiler as Superior Judge
of Placer County, to go into battle against
Judge Prewett of the moribund Demo
cracy. Judge Fulweiler is an old and re
spected citizen and has resided in Placer
County for thirty-four years, during thirty
years of which ..e has practiced his pro
fession here.
In 1871 he was elected District Attorney
of Placer County, and in 1875 was re
elected to that position. As an evidence
of the confidence in which his party holds
him, it may be stated that he has been
chairman of the Republican County Com
mittee for the past twenty years. He will
receive not only all the Republican votes
of Placer County, but a large number of
Democratic votes as well.
Harold T. Power, nominee for the
Assembly, is another strong man politi
cally. He is a son of Mr. Power, the dis
coverer of the Hidden Treasure mine.
Harold was born in Damascus, Placer
County. He was educated in the publio
schools and graduated from the State
University as a thoroughly well versed
mining engineer.
In that capacity he has had charge of
the Sunny South and other valuable
mining properties. Mr. Power is in the
prime of life, 32 years old, and has always
been a Republican. He will sweep this
county.
The speaker's stand for the evening was
Dlaced in the public square :n the town of
Auburn, where in the old days the hardy
miners washed wealth from the golden
■ands. From the pavilion in which the
speaking took place lines of paper lanterns
stretched to the houses on all sides. Flags
and bunting made up the rest of the dec
orations.
There was a big torchlight parade in the
evening, and when the parade reached the
pavilion the entire square was blocked
with a dense mass of people. District At
torney L. L. Chamberlain was selected as
chairman and the following named as
vice-presidents:
J. H. Neff, J. M. Fulweiler, Allen Towle,
Amos Stevens, J. b. Whitcoiib, S. fit.
Spra^ue, E. L. Hawk. J. M. Barney, Ira
Avery, O. Clark, J. W. Sawtelle, W." A. F.
Ahrbery, S. M. Stevens, H. H. Richmond,
H. C. Klein, W. A. Freeman and C. S.
Cole.
Mr. Chamberlain introduced the speaker,
Hon. S. M. Shortridge, as the Henry Clay
of the Pacific Coast. Mr. Shortridge was
received with a generous outburst of ap
plause. The night was calm, the audience
spellbound and every word uttered by the
speaker was distinctly heard by the far
thest away of the several thousand people
who had asseniDled to hear him.
Mr. Shortridge began by saying that he
had the honor of casting one of the elec
toral votes that made Benjamin Harrison
President of the United States. The ad
ministration of President Harrison will
be forever a bright page upon the history
of our country. He invited all his hearers
to rally around ti e party of protection, of
gold and silver, of bimetallism, of law and
order.
By marching under the banners of the
Republican party they would be voting
for the home, the fireside and the farms.
It was the party that could successfully
administer the affairs of this country.
Somehow or other, added the speaker, the
Republican party seems to be able to
• manage the affairs of our country success
! fully, while by some fatality or evil in
fluence over the Democracy the Demo
cratic party invariably brings the country
to. ruin and destruction.
The speaker drew a thrilline picture of
j the present condition of the country,
I brought about by the incornpetency of the
I Democratic party. Business is almost
I paralyzed, he said. The whole of New
Eneland may be said to be bankrupt, and
1 within her borders factories are closed
jpp
which had been running uninterruptedly
for twenty-five years. The peroration of
the speaker was a fervid bit of word
painting and was frequently interrupted
with outbursts of applause.
Hequim linn Murder.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Aug. 11.—
Joe Sofie shot and killed Sam Fernie, an
ased rancher, near Sequim Bay, to-day.
Sofie then shot himself in the foot, to give
the impression, it is believed, that he
killed Fernie in self-defense. He escaped
to the woods. An old feud had existed
between the men for years. Ranchers
threaten to lynch Sofie if he is captured.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SANTA CRUZ'S
FETE OF FEATS,
Supple Turners Take a
Rest From Rings and
Bars.
CLOSING DAY EVENTS.
Picnicking, Boating, Bathing and
Short Excursions "After
the BalL"
CLEVER TRICKS IN THE WATER
Brilliant Pyrotechnic Disp'ay Which
Was Greatly Enhanced by
an Accident
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 11. — Th»
Turners spent this, the fourth and last
day of the festival, as it pleased their
fancy. Many found it an agreeable change
from the almost ceaseless gymnastic exer
cises of the second and third days. This
was the morning "after the ball," and
many were late in rising, so that the ex
cursions to the various points of interest
in the neiehborhood were late in getting
under vay. The largest number of visi
tors drove to the Big Trees. They took
well-filled baskets along and picnicked un
der the trees. Others drove the five miles
down to Capitola or went L. train and
spent the day between the hotel, the beach
and dipping in the surf. The Santa Cruz
winery and the c iffswere points of attrac
tion to others. The day was full of pleas
ure for all.
At 4 o'clock In the afternoon several
thousand people gathered at the beach to
I witness the grand prize lance tournament
in open boats on the bosom of the rolling
bay.
This had been advertised as the event of
the day and people came for miles to see
it. After waiting till nearly 6 o'clock it
dawned on the multitude that the contest,
with the $20 prize for the winner, was not
going to take place and they turned their
faces toward home. It appears that the
management acted in entirely good faith
with the public. The boats were afloat
and the lances were ready. The trouble
was that no one would enter for the diffi
cult contest.
In the evening there wera probably 5000
people on tne beach to see the fireworks
and attend the other exercises. Red lights
and huge fires burned on the beach and
illuminated the faces of the multitude.
The faces were lost to view in the night
in every direction except one, and that
was toward the water. A band furnished
music for the occasion.
The booming surf, the shadowy build
ings, the white faces made paler in the red
light made an uncommon scene. Out in
the bay several hundred yards was an
chored a raft. It shone white against the
black line of the sky beyond, and the fire
works ware sen t up from it. A large num
ber of Roman candles made the water re«
fleet the brilliancy of their balls of fire,
and a variety of skyrockets seemed to dart
out of the dark bosom of the deep, and
after exploding fall in graceful swoops
Renew
Your strength, refresh your nerves, stim-
ulate your appetite, by purifying i and : en-
riching your blood during vacation with
Hood's
Sarsaparrtla
The best— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier.
lI OOQ S Pi lIS Eft *y easy to operate. to
rlOOa S KIIIS take> easy to operate. 25c2
back into the element whence they came-
The water was very clear and it reflected
almost every atom of fire that moved in
the air.
Once there was trouble aboard the raft
that made the fireworks operators start
for the boats. By some mischance about
a dozen skyrockets and fully as many
Roman candles became, ignited, and all
simultaneously started to show their
beauties to the admiring throngs ashore.
They performed curious gyrations all over
tde raft. One skyrocket darted out upon
the water and started over the surface at
a lively rate toward Capitola. Another
made off straight across the bay for Mon
terey. Only a part of the rockets was
submerged and the sticks kept them
afloat. They emitted a trail of sparks for
a long distance as they skimmed with the
swiftness of a flash over the calm surface.
This scene, though an accident, was one
of the prettiest of tne exhibition, and the
spectators cheered and applauded.
When the supply of fireworKs was ex
hausted the crowd turned its attention to
the swimming races in the plunpe baths.
These were witnessed by about 400 specta
tors. What appeared to be purely an
accident early aroused a lively interest
among the spectators. Some boys who
were climbing around among the rafters
high above the tank were commanded by
the management to descend. A moment
after one of them fell the distance of
twenty-five feet down into the deep water
of the tank with a great splash. He arose
to the surface several times and appeared
to be drowning. The ladies became greatly
excited and exclaimed "Save him; Save
him!" Attendants rushed to tde rescue
and, as they do in melodrama, grasped
him by the extended bands'as he was
sinking the third and last time.
He was dragged, apparently more dead
than alive, out from the promenade at the
side, where he lay convulsively gasping.
He was finally dragged off the floor and
deposited in a dressing-room. He was W.
G. Sparrowe, a trick swimmer of the Cali
fornia Swimming Club of San Francisco.
Sparrowe subsequently appeared in full
dress in other nautical events of a similar
nature, such as diving into the water with
a lighted cigarette in his teeth and coming
up with it still burning.
The first event whs a 50-yard candle race
by four boys. They swam on their backs
with lighted candles between their teeth.
Two finished with the candles still lit.
They were Orby Burroughs, who won, and
James Mills, second.
Two other Sania Cruz boys, Seymour
Kittrell and James Bowman, swam a 50
---yard race. The former wou.
Th«? next was a 100-yard race, for a
medal, between R. B. Cornell of San
Francisco and Clyde Hawthorne of Santa
Cruz. Hawthorne won. Time. 1:12%.
Orby Burroughs and Charles W T asnburn
tied in a 50-yard race. Time, :45.
In the fat men's race there were only
two entries, Herbert Leibrandt and Lloyd
TJhden, both of Santa Cruz. Leibrandt
won easily in 43 seconds.
Some very good juvenile spring-board
diving was the next exhibition. K. B.
Cornell. J. H. Hobba ana W. G. Sparrowe,
all of the California Swimming Club of
San Francisco, gave exhibitions of somer
saults from the spring-board into the
water.
A novel swimming race was the one be
tween Jack Hobbs, &. B. Cornell and W.
G. Sparrowe. They swam across the tank
and back, holding a glass of beer above the
water. The beer had disappeared before
they finished, but it is safe to say that it
was not mingled with the water.
Seven-year-old Lloyd Bowman, "the boy
diver," plunged into nine feet of sea water
after a nickel that had gone on before.
The child returned to the surface in a few
oeconds with the 5-cent piece and the
crowd applauded him enthusiastically.
But it was not explained whether it was
the same nickel or not.
An exhibition of fancy and very graceful
high diving from a trapeze was given by
Cornell, Hobbs and Uhden, and the inimit
able Sparrowe with all his ciothes and his
shoes on added a few clownish features
which pleased the spectators. Several
ducks were turned loose in the tank and
several boys attempted to catch them. It
was a humorous and very active scene and
the ducks were finally captured. A ten
minute game of tag in the water was the
last principal event in the baths.
The evening at the beach closed with a
ball.
This afternoon the Turners began to find
their way to their various homes, and to
morrow the sixteenth Bezirk Turnfest will
De entirely a memory. The Turnfest has
been one of the most enjoyable and profit
able ever held. The gymnastic contests
were close, and many diplomas were
awarded. The winning team from San
Francisco, as mentioned yesterday, are six
fine-looking athletes, and they are a credit
to the verein and the City they represent.
The Santa Cruz executive committee is
given credit by all who attended the Fest
with excellent management, and the peo
ple of Santa Cruz made it as agreeable for
the visitors as they knew how. The busi
ness men subscribed liberally to the ex
penses of the Turnfest, which was a suc
cess jn all respects. As the Turners .'«ave
town to-morrow they'will behold the deco
rations, which are still in place on the
business streets.
DEATH AT SANTA CRUZ
Dr. William C. Parker, a Pioneer
of Pioneers, Passes to
the Beyond.
He Crossed the Plains in 1846 as
Surgeon in Stevenson's
R giment.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 1L — Dr.
William C. Parker, a pioneer of pioneers,
died in this city this morning. He was 73
years old and had been in feeble health
for some time, though he was always
cheerful, even when ixe realized that he
must die. Only recently he humorously
apologized to his friends for having lived
bo long.
Parker was a native of New York and
had just graduated with high honors in
medicine and surgery when he secured the
position of surgeon in Colonel Stevenson's
famous regiment, which was dispatched
from New York for California in 1846.
He was a man of high attainments in his
profession and at one time was. within an
ace of appointment as surgeon-general.
In San Francisco Dr. Parker abandoned
the practice of medicine and engaged in
business and was at one time very wealthy.
His fortune finally disappeared in the
great crash which wrecKed so many others
and sent W. C. Ralston to bis death in the
waters of the bay. This Joss did not effect
Dr. Parker's courage. He took up the
burden of life with the same cheerful
bravery which always characterized him.
He was neither cast down nor soured, and
to the very Inst was as ready to divide his
slender purse with the needy as he was in
the days when his dollars were counted
with seven figures.
The body will be cremated at San Fran
cisco in accordance witu the doctor's fre-
quent and earnest request. The ashes
will be interred in Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
near those of Miss Ora Kirby.
Sarramrnto Volet for Honda.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 11.— At an
election to-day the people of this city
voted to bond the municipality for $65,000
for the purpose of building a main sewer
through the southern part of the city.
TICKET NAMED
AT SACRAMENTO,
Republicans of the County-
Finish Their Labors
and Adjourn.
DAROUX HOLDS HIS OWN
Retains His Place as a Member
of the County Central
Committee.
DELEGATES ARE FOR JOHNSON.
Resolutions Favoring the Funding ot
the Pacific Railroids' Debt Are
Passed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aue. 11.— The
Republican County Convention has fin
ished its labors, the delegates have dis
persed to their homes, the defeated aspir
ant 3 have thrown aside their aspirations,
and Frank Daroux has fully exemplified
to the small fry of the up-town "push"
that what they don't know about running
the primaries of the Second Ward, even
with all the odds in their favor, would fill
a book.
"For the first time in thirty years of
political life," said an old Republican war
horse to-day, "I have seen one man dic
tate to an entire convention that his dele
gation should be seated, even when it ap
peared before that convention without a
sign of a credential."
Had Frank Rboads, that scarred
veteran of many a political campaign,
entered the lists against the victor, or had
"Farmer" Cavanagh forsaken his hoplands
and garden "sass" the result might have
been different. As it was tiey seemingly
kept in the background, and Daroux is
still a member of the County Central Com
mittee, still the King of the (Second Ward.
A committee of five was appointed
to select twenty-two delegates to the
Congressional convention, which meets
in the Capitol building to-morrow,
and the nominations for candidates
for the various officers were taken
up. As these offices were in nearly every
instance held by Republicans the action
was really the indorsement of the incum
bents.
The exception to this rule was in the
nomination of William Lamphrey for
County Clerk, and the nomination of
George C. McMullen for Coroner.
When it came to the nomination of a
city Justice of the Peace, Robert T. Devlin
named Lincoln White. There was no op
posing candidate and White's nomination
was made unanimous.
The committee which had been ap
pointed to select twenty-two delegates to
the Congressional convention reported the
following names, which were ratified by
trie convention:
Twentieth Assembly District — D. Falconer,
Ben Welch, H. W. Johnson. Joseph steffuns,
Stephen Uren, William 11. Petrie and George
K. Rider.
Twenty- first Assembly District— W. D. Stalker,
W. R. Jones, M. E. Horniein. Mat Flynn, C. T.
Jones, \V. H. Hanlon and J. H. Batcher.
Twenty-second Assembly District— William
Johnston, T. C. Perilus. F.H.Harvey, C. L.
Ecklon, W. W. Greer, to. B. Coon and Charles
Kumon.
Deleg&te-at-Large— E. C. Hart.
These delegates favor Grove L. Johnson.
On motion, Chairman BerKey appointed
the following committee to manage the
party's finances in the county during the
campaign: J. O. Coleman, G. W. Lorenz,
C. K. Lipmau, M. J. Diilmam and William
Lambert.
William Sims was nominated by accla
mation for Assemblyman from the
Twentieth Assembly District; Scott Ennis
captured the nomination in the Twenty
first and Wiliiam E. Lovdal in the Twenty
second.
For Supervisor from the Second District,
J. W. Todd, the incumbent, was named;
Third District, Flood V. Flint; Fourth
District, Willam Curtis.
The closing act of the convention was
the following resolution, which was
adopted :
liesolvtd. That we are in favor of the funding
of the debt due the United States from the
Pacific railroad companies upon terms
equitable to both parties to the contract.
The course pursued by the members of
the Republican Convention has been
watched with the keenest interest by the
local Democracy, which has fusedwith
the Populists. It is said that Gillis Doty
will receive the fusion nomination for
S^te Senator- Add C. Hinkson, Mat F.
Jftinson and Joseph Hughes for Superior
Judges, although the Populists express a
decided liking for Judge McKune, and he
may be listed instead of one of the other
candidates. For the Assembly M. J. Cur
tis from the Twentieth, Henry Brown in
the Twenty-first and Lem Lansbrougn
from the Twenty-second are likely to be
named. Tom Johnson and jjave Ahem
are aspirants for Sheriff, Wiliiam Boyne
for County Clerk.
SONORA'S MURDER CASE,
The Taking of Testimony Begun
in the Trial of Dorsey's
Slayer.
Events Fol owing the Homicide De
scribed by Witnesses for the
Prosecution.
SONORA, Cal., Aug. 11.— The trial of
John T. Newcomer for the murder of Ca
leb Dorsey began in earnest to-day, the
twelfth juror being sworn during the
morning hours. The District Attorney
made a short opening address, reciting the
main facts of the Killing and then called
Thomas B. Dorsey, a brother of the mur
dered man, to the stand.
Dorsey testified to the general correct
ness of a map showing the Dorsey mine
and surrounding buildings and topograph
ical features. William Bailey, a cook at
the mine, testified that on the morning
of the shooting he was in the kitcnen
when Newcomer drove up to the cabin and
asked him to come out. Newcomer told
him that be had shot Dorsey, but did
not know whether he had killed him or
not. He was going into Sonora to give
himself up. He ;.anded to Bailey a key
to the cabin where he and Dorsey lived
and told him to go down and look after
the wounded man. Bailey gave the key
to Samuel Bateman, who went down to
the place to look after the colonel.
Samuel Bateman stated that on the day
of the shooting he noticed in the mine
office a pistol which belonged to Dorsey ;
that after the shooting be looked for it and
was unable to find it and up to the present
time he had never seen it again. He had
assisted in disrobing the murdered man
and found one bullet hole toward the back
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
of the neck on the right and one below the
ribs near the abdomen. Bateman stated
that Edward Dorsey, a son of the mur
dered man, had gone down to the cabin
where his father's body Jay, but did net
ko in, and at no time did iae see him with
hi* father's pistol.
Charles Owens was the last witness of
the day and merely testified to the fact
that on the day of the murder, while he
was at the mine. Newcomer had told him
that Colonel Dorsey was up in the woods
cutting timber for firewood. Tois is im
portant so far as Newcomer's veracity is
concerned, as all that time the colonel lay
cold in death.
FRESNO MAY LOSE THE ROAD.
Valley Railway Surveyors Are Staking Out
a Route to Pass Around
the City.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 11.— At a meeting
of the Chamber of Commerce to-night, it
was reported that the Valley road was at
present making a survey to pass by Fresno,
four miles to the north. This -serious
news came from good authority, and it
put the chamber in very discouraging
humor. According to the n&w survey be
gun, the railroad will branch from the
grade already finished, at some point be
tween the San Joaquin River and this city.
It will proceed easterly for several miles
to a point where it will turn south and
strike a route to Reedley.
Whether this action on the part of the
railroad company is intended to leave
Fresno off the line permanently, or merely
to get the road through to Bakersfield
this season by avoiding Diana and Q
streets in tnis city, along which property
owners demand heavy damages for the
passing of the road, is not known. After
a year of hard strupgline to bring the
great competing enterprise to this city,
and just when the hopes of years are about
to be realized, such news as that made
known to-night is indeed very discour
aging to Fresnoans.
The chamber discussed the matter at
length, but that was all it could do. The
property-owners on Q and Diana streets
remain firm as ever in their demands for
damages.
MOURNING IN SAN JOSE.
The Bodies of Venanz Crosetti
and Wally Feilner Borne
to the Grave.
Murderer Allender's Father Declares
That the Assassin's Reason
Is Unsound.
SAN JOSE, Cal., August 11.— Venanz
Crosetti anJ VVally Felner, the victims of
Harvey Allender, were buried side by side
in Oak Hill Cemetery this afternoon. Last
evening and until the time of the funeral
this afternoon ihe bodies of the lovers lay
in state in the Italian Benevolent Society
Hall and were viewed by thousands of
persons. The caskets were placed side by
side in the center of the ball and were al
most entirely covered by floral pieces.
At 3 o'clock impressive services were
held in the hall. The funeral was largely
attended. The procession was headed by
a band, followed by the San Jose Hussars
and the Italian Benevolent Society. Then
came the two hearses. The line of march
was to St. Joseph's Church, where short
services were held, and thence to Oak Hill
Cemetery. The streets along the line of
march were lined with people.
Harvey Allender was examined before
Justice Gass this morning on the charge of
murdering Crosetti. H. V. Morehouse ap
peared for AJlender, and District Attorney
Herrington prosecuted the case. John
Crosetti, a brother of the murdered man,
and three other witnesses were examined,
but nothing aside from what was brought
out at the inquest developed. The ex
amination lasted about three-quarters of
an hour. Allender was helu to answer be
fore the Superior Court. To-morrow he
will be examined on the charge of killing
Miss Feilner.
Allender was closeted with his father,
iThomas Allender, for a short time this
morning before his preliminary examina
tion began. The father saya his son is in
sane. He says the murderer has shown
signs of it all through his life and that he
inherits it from his mother's ancestors.
ASSESSMENTS MAY GO UP.
Nine Counties Summoned to Show Cause
Why Their Valuations Should
Not Be Raised.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 11.— After a
week spent in close application and care
ful study of the true finances of the vari
ous counties whose assessments the State
Board of Equalization had at one time al
most concluded to raise, or rather to order
their representatives to show cause why
the assessments should not be raised, the
members find that the following counties
are assessed, in proportion to property
values and resources, on a/ par with those
counties whose assessments were deemed
sufficient, and they will not be called upon
for any further raise: Glenn, Marin,
±*Jacer, San Joaquin, San Mateo, Sonoma,
Stanislaus, Sutter, Tulare and Yuba.
The counties which have been called
upon to appear before the board and show
cause why their assessments should not
be raised are: Alameda and Santa Clara,
August 17; San Francisco, August 19;
Butte, August 20; Solano and Yolo, Au
gust 21; San Bernardino, August 24; Sac
ramento, August 25, and Humboldt, Au
gust 27.
Four of these counties show v decided
decrease from the standard of last year's
assessment and the board failed to dis
cover any material reason for this shrink
age. On the other hand, five of the cour.
ties have returned increased assessments,
notably San Francisco County, which
shows a gain of $31,788,714 in excess of last
year, and Sacramento, showing a gain of
$582,660. The board deemed them still be
low par and they will be cited to show
cause.
LIT ISO I N RETIREMENT.
latti* Overman Said to Be Raiding in
- Lot Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 11.— A ru
mor is current here to the effect that Miss
Maitie Overman of Brown-Overman fame,
late of San Francisco, is in this city, but is
living a retired life, and has been seen by
a few church people only. To these she is
alleged to have made confessions of the
guilt of herself and Dr. C. O. brown, and
she has professed great interest in relig
ious life. She is living under an assumed
name, it Is said, and is a constant attend
ant at one of the small churches on the
outskirts of the city. Her future plans
have not been disclosed to any one.
Manuel Corontl Testifies.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 11.— Manuel
Coronel, after a night in jail, came forward
smilingly when called in the Yndart-
Coronei case to-day. Ha denied in tnto
every utterance of Antunez, who swore
positively a few days ago that he saw
Manuel attach Don Antonio Coronet's
name to t 1 c trust deed by means of trac
ing it from a genuine signature. Further
than this, the witness denied in detail all
the allegations of conversations with the
various witnesses for the defense, and the
charges of forgery in connection with the
trust documents.
THE ST, PAUL
IS ABANDONED.
Stripped of Her Valuables,
the Ship Is Now
Tenantless.
LITTLE FREIGHT SAVED.
Damage to the Owners, Outside
of the Insurance, Will
Be $40,000.
ENGLISH UNDERWKITEKS LOSF.
Startling Condition of the Southern
Pacific's So-Called Aids to
Navigation.
ON BOARD STEAMER ST. PAUL,
ashore off Point Pinos (via Monterey),
Aug. 11.— The St. Paul men have worked
like beavers all day and to-night, the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company has
practically given up the ship. Anchors,
chains, winches and all manner of gear
have been hoisted out by the donkey
engine that remains above the water and
away to the Santa Cruz, which sailed this
evening for San Francisco.
Yesterday morning Marine Adjuster
Hooper arrived and immediately boarded
the St. Paul. He remained in consulta
tion for half an hour, looked down on the
water-logged cargo and went ashore.
When seen by The Call correspondent
before he left the vessel he answered all
queries with a brevity that was almost a
witticism. "I came down here to do some
adjusting, but I see nothing to adjust.
The sea has made my labor exceedingly
light and I may as well leave.''
The loss to the company, outside of the
insurance, will be between $30,000 and $40,
--000. The insurance placed with English
companies, on the vessel, is $55,000. The
local insurers are (jutte & i*'ran"R and Mann
& Wilson of San Francisco. The loss in
cargo is much greater than at first be
lieved, for only eighty out of the hundred
livestock were saved, and but 400 out of
the 6000 sacks of grain will be worth re
moving from the flooded hulk. The hun
dred sacks of wool which were supposed
to be impervious to the action of water are
a total loss.
The St. Paul still lies tightly embedded
on the rocks with a little more list to port,
indicating that the ledge she is leaning
against is pressing in her plates.
When she gets a few degrees further
over the swells wili get at her woodwork
and then the beach will get the splinters.
Seen from $h« stranded ship all roads ap
pear to lead to the bit of shore ahead of
her, and those highways bring each their
string of visitors to the beach. The St.
Paul days to a full house. The Southern
Pacific Railroad possesses all of the land
in this vicinity, and that company only
tolerates the public on it* right of eminent
domain. Mounted employes of that great
corporation furiously gallop here and
there with a "keep-off-tue-grass" menace
in their rushes. One of these fierce vi
dettes yesterday plunged down toward
the beach as though he would drive the
trespassing breaker? into the sea.
The Southern Pacific Company is ap
parently paramount here, from the crest
of the coast range out to a marine league
from the continent. The ligi't and fog
signals of Point Pines, its efficient so
called help to navigation merit tome pub
lic notice.
Monterey is the third harbor in impor
tance on the California shore line. Th^
southern entrance to the harbor is flanked
by long dangerous reefs jutting far out
into the ocean. Vessels coming in from
the south must hug closely the promon
tory, and when a white blanket of fog
hides all bearings navigation here is ex
tremely dangerous. The St. Paul, on her
rock, is a fatal evidence of this fact.
Pigeon Point is an isolated spot, twenty
or thirty miles away from a harbor. No
vessel has any business within five miles
of its rocks, yet it has a splendid light, its
great flame revolving from a lofty tower,
is visible far at sea. A keeper and five as
sistants stand watch there from dusk to
dawn. Its log whistle is sounded by a
powerful engine and a second stands
ready to keep up the music in case of ac
cident to the first. The loud bellow of the
horn can be heard out in the fog-thickoned
air.
Point Pinos has a small tnird-order
liaht, with one keeper and an assistant.
The lamp si;s in a squatty tower, far in
land, its comparatively feeble lamp less
than a hundred feet above the billows that
always beat savagely on that beach. The
tog signal is an insi nificant affair, utter
ing its low, owl-like hoot when the coast
is covered with a bank of whiteness al
most impenetrable to the seagull. When
the wind that blows the log aways kicks
up a sea that sets it bellowing loud the
signal is not needed. When the whistle
sounds strongly through the fogless nieht
the light is not needed. A phonio and a
visual condition truly.
The steamship agents of this port say
that often vessels are delayed for hours in
the fog off the point trying to feel their
way in. Such a thing at the entrance of a
harbor whose gateway is twenty-five miles
wide from headland to headland is diffi
cult of comprehension.
The following is a list of freight on board
the steamer St. Paul:
From Newport— l 24 sacks peanuts, 11 sacks
walnuts, 24 boxes lemons, 6 boxes oranges, 1
ltvg wine, 1 lot household goods.
San Pedro— 4 boxes seed, 10 boxes lemons.
East San Pedro— s cs canned tish.
Los Angeles via East San Pedro— l lot house
hold goods, 1 organ.
Ventura— l box sauce, 20 packages merchan
dise, 1 case honey. 5 cs canned goods, 3 barrels
rolled wheat, 151 boxes lemons.
Santa Barbara— 2B packages merchandise, 49
boxes lemons, 15 sacks crawfish.
Gaviota— l box butter. 1 case eggs, 81 sacks
wool, 2 bundles pelts, 42 sacks crawfish, 3
boxes flsh. 7 bundles dried fish.
Cuyucos— l tub 5 boxes butter, 6 cases eggs.
1 case dry eoods, 1 package merchandise, 3oo
sacks barley, 9 dressed calves.
San Simeon— lß packages merchandise, 12%
boxes 7 tubs butter, 5 cases eggs, 100 calves,
1 sack beans, 6 sucks potatoes, 1 box fruit.
Port Harford— 6 cases honey, 18 boxes 1
keg butter, 35 packages merchandise, 11 cases
eggs, 23 boxes flsh.
Miles— 937 sacka beans.
San Luis Obispo— 1605 sacks barley.
Bteeles— 29l sacks barley.
Nipomo— 22s3 sacks barley, 246 sacks oats.
Santa Maria— 372 sacks wheat.
The consignees are: W. C. Price & Co. ; Eve
leth & Nash ; J. Ivancorich & Co. ; J. M. Spof
ford; Southern California Fruit Company ; C.
A. Martins; Dairymen's Union; E. J. Bowen &
Co.; Wadhams<Sr Ken Bros. ; Ross. Higgins &
Co.; R.S.Owen; Dairymen's Union; KohlerA
Frohling; Enterprise' Brewery : Kowalsky &
Co.; Deming, Palmer & Co. ; Lievre, Fricke 6i
Co.; San Francisco News Company; Immel
<fe Co.; J. P. Thomas; Allen & Lewis; L.
Scatena & Co.; Gordon <fe Co.; Rodlng
ton «fc Co.; Main & Winchester; Dunham,
Carrißftn& Co. ; American Union Fish Co. ; A.
PaUdini; Milani & Co.; G. Camilioni; Wet
more Bros.; Wheaion, Breon & Co.; Christy A
Wise; Thomas Dennigan, Son <fe Co.; Hills
Bros. ; D. de Bernardi & Co. ; Get* Bros. <fc Co. ;
Murphy, Grant <& Co.; Slnsheitner Bros.; L. D.
Stone & Co.: Western Meat Company; F. Uri <fc
Co.; Hilmer, Bredhoff <feCo.; J. A. Folger &
Co.; Standard Oil Company; Marshall, Teggert
& Co.; Kuss. Sanders & Co.; Horn & Judge; C. i
Donnely; Castle Bros.; Marshall & R ; D. E.
Allison & Co. : J. W. Gall & Co.; Kowalsky &
ro. ; Labor Exchange; Pacific Coast Fish Com-
Sany; Sacramento Fish Company; Bassett &
unlter; H. Dutard; Newhnil Land and
Farming Company; Southern Pacific Milling
Company.
SAN LOUIS MYSTERY
Ihoinai Touna Arrested on Sutpieion of
Attempted Wife- Murder.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal.. Aug. 11.—
Some time last night Mrs. Thomas Young,
who resides at her home near Steeles sta
tion, received a fracture of the skull which
may result fatally. There are several con
jectures as to how she received the wound,
one beine that she fell from her carriage,
while driving home yesterday, another
that she was struck by some one.
Mrs. Young and husband were in town
yesterday attending to legal business in
the settlement of the estate of Mrs.
Young's father, Peter Kelly, deceased. It
is said Young became slightly intoxicated
during the day, and Mrs. Young, it is be
lieved, drove alone 10 their ranch, six
miles from here. As to what occurred
from that time until late in the evening
no one seems to know, but shortly aity 8
o'clock Young brought his wife to town
in an unconscious condition, and called
Dr. Norton, who is attending her.
This afternoon a warrant was issued for
the arrest of Young and he was jailed this
evening. Young has been married only a
few months.
The Kelly ranch was visited this after
noon and it was learned from one of the
ranch hands that Mrs. Young had returned
to the ranch early in the evening. Young
arrived later, and soon they both left for
town again. One of the rooms in the bouse
was badly disordered.
TACOMA yi,,AA£'ii'S CRIME.
Cashier Cetera found Guilty of Falsify-
ing Book* and Jtrport*.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 11.— The sensa
tional trial of Cashier W. G. Peters of the
Columbia National Bank, chaigad on
nearly thirty counts with falsifying books
and reports to the Bank Examiner and on
other counts, making a total of forty-six,
with ujing funds in an unauthorized man
ner, was ended this afternoon by the jury
bringing in a verdict of guilty on the
counts chargine falsification. On the
other counts it did not agree.
The verdict was not a surprise, as the
Government during the five days' trial
had presented a very strong case against
the delendant.
The Columbia National Bank closed last
October. Bank Examiner Clary soon found
discrepancies in the accounts, whicn re
sulted in an investigation and indictments
by the Grand Jury. Teller Andrus and
Bookkeeper Young testified during the.
trial to having been instructed by Peters
to change tne figures in the bank's books.
The most important fact adduced was that
under bis supervision the books were
made to show there was $20,200 on hand
on a certain day when in reality there was
but $200.
ANDRE'S BALLOONSIGHTED
British Columbia Indians See a
StraDge Courser of the
Skies.
They Watch the Obj ct Until It Passes
Northward Beyond Their
Vision
VICTORIA, B. C., Auk. 11.— News was
received . here -. from the north to-day that
Professor Andre's aerial expedition to the
north pole had been seen on July 3 in the
vicinity of Xeeua River. In connection
with the : report A. ,W. Vowell, superin
tendent .of Indian affairs of Victoria, has
received the following self-explanatory
.letters:
Hazelton, July 3.
A. W. Vowell, Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
Victoria, B. C: Sir— l have the honor to report
that this day, at 7:35 P. M. (local time), an ob
ject, by description in the shape of a balloon,
was seen by a boy about four miles to the west
of here, latitude 55 deg. and 40 mm. At the
time there was a strong northwest wind. !,
It was ; seen to emerge ' from out of a
heavy bank of white clouds, swerving In
at an intermediate clear space in a semi
circular line, to disappear in another cloud
at an altitude of 400 feet above timber-lino
on the mountains. . It had a black appear
ance,, having been seen between the boy
and the setting sun. The boy's descrip
tion of the balloon and its actions leaves
no doubt as to its reality, and is no doubt the
Andre balloon expected to have left Spitzber
gen lor the north pole on the Ist inst
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient
servant, * K. E. Loking, Indian Agent.
Hazeltgn, B. C, July 10.
A. V. Ilmcell, Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
Victoria— Sir: I have the honor to submit a
report that I received this day by Ghail, head
chief of Kitspiux, that while trapping with a
party, of Indians on Blackwater Lake, above
the head of Skeena, an object resembling a
balloon and then displaying very bright lights
was seen by them on the evening of the same
day as before mentioned (the 3d inst.) in a
nearly northerly course. I
Ghail, whom: you know, is a trustworthy
man and his statement is to be credited. The
Indians on the Skeena were made aware that
they were liable to see during the beginning
of this month a balloon , going nortti and of
the purpose of its occupants, etc., and to report
to me anything noticed by them of that de
scription. I have the honor to be, sir, your
obedient servant. R. E. Loring.
+
William G. Brown of Kingwood, W. Va., was
nominated for Congress by the Democrats of
the Second District of West Virginia yesterday.
KEW_ J-O-P AT :^ -,_^_,-^,-^,.-.^_-_^_-
Ar E/JN 1 A
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER*
Bottled at the UJ HUN YAD I Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
■ (Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
; "We know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral Salts, or whicli
combines such advantages, as this water. : .
"Professor Dr. R. C. TiCHBORN, LL.D., F.C.S., F.1.C., Dublin.
"This Water is richer: in Mineral Salts than V d/ . ~ /j *
all Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy is so 7 /^* " **"**>*»*
great that even the smallest dose, secures the f ¥ g-zzsr ".. <3&s~~'
best results." ) *~
Sworn Chemist in Bud* fest.
Prices : 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
'.OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
of gj ' ; ■ ;. . vv,; : ..,.
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond' Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited.
SANTA ROSANS
MAY GO THIRSTY.
Captain McDonald's Scheme
to Corner the Water
Market.
ENGINEERING A COUP.
Mammoth Pumping Plant to Be
Constructed Near the City's
Wells.
WILL EXHAUST THEIR SUPPLY
His Intention Believed to Be to Empty
the Reservoirs Owned by the
Municipality.
SANTA ROSA, , Cal., Aug. 11.— The
water supply of this city is menaced by a
new danger. Wild rumors and startling
reports are being constantly received and
the residents are ereatly excited. Those
who favor the new city system are appre
hensive and the friends of the old com
pany wear a broad urin.
The new danger lies in the fact that
Captain "Jim" McDonald, who is a large
shareholder in the old company and a
brother of Mark L. McDonald, its presi
dent, is aoout to put in a big pumping
plant just beyond the city's wells. The
avowed purpose of the new plant is to irri
gate the McDonald farm of 1100 acres and
to construct a nata torium. As the under
ground flow supplying the city well passes
through the McDonald Tract, and as the
supply has been none too good before, the
danger from this new move becomes at
once apparent.
A Call correspondent visited the scene
of operations this afternoon, gome first to
the city's "big well." This well is located
about a mile east of town, in a wide swale
of low ground. It is forty feet deep and
sixteen feet, in diameter, and is full of
water despite the action of three pumps.
From here on to the McDonald place there
is a slight raise of probably thirty feet to
the mile until the foothills are reached.
The new McDonald plant is located a few
hundred feet from the hiea ground, by the
sida ot a beautiful spring. This spring
has been known to old residents for many
years, but it is so hidden by a dense
growth of willows and cattails as to be in
visible from three sides, it is about 100
feet in diameter and is fully 15 feet in
depth. From an outlet on the south side
flows a limpid stream, estimated at 350,
--000 callons per day, and emptying into
Mud Creek.
The surface of the little pond is broken
by the bubbling and gushing of the water
as it is forced upward by the underground
stream beneath. From this spring to the
foothills a ditch has been dug and a 12
--inch main is beinc laid. If this main is
intended for irrigation purposes, the in
tention of its projectors must be to irrigate
the foothills. But the fact that the Mc-
Donald reservoir is less than a mile away
and that the pipe line is heading directly
in its direction gives color to the rumor
that the water is to be used for other pur
poses.
There is a division of opinion as to
wnether this bubbling spring is the source
of the water supply that flows under
ground to the wells.
Ex-Mayor Woodward, when inter
viewed, seemed inclined to believe that
the spring was entirely independent of
the underflow. Ex-Councilman Charles
Collins declared that it would be impos
sible to pump out all the water witnout
the use of the most modern and powerful
machinery. There are others, however,
who do not take such a hopeful view of
the case, and point to the fact that the
McDonald reservoir now contains 250,000,
--000 gallons of water, which they cannot
use, and that the new move is made
solely to harass the city system.
ROMANCE OF STOCKTON.
The Late L U. Shippee Was Soon to Have
Been Wedded to His Faith
ful Nurse.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Aug. 11.— Had L. U.
Shippee recovered from the illness that
caused his death last week, he would soon
have been married. Every arrangement
was being made by Mrs. Cook, his lifelong
friend and faithful nurse, to have him re
moved from his rooms over the Stockton
Savings and Loan Society bank to the new
building at the southwest corner of San
Joaquin and Market streets. This build
ing was to have been completed by July 1,
and it was the plan of Mr. Shippee to
move as soon as it was finished, and make
Mrs. Cook his wife. At the funeral of the
deceased capitalist yesterday she appeared
in mourning. The reason lay in the fact
that had he lived she would have been
something more to him than a friend.
It was beiieved by many here that Ship
pee and Mrs. Cook had been secretly mar
ried, and that after his death she
would lay claim to what property re
mained out of the once magnificent estate
of the one-time millionaire. This expecta
tion will not be fulfilled, for to-day Mrs.
Cook told a Call correspondent that she
was not married to Shippee, but that he
begged her to marry him while on his
sick bed. She preferred to wait until he
had recovered somewhat, and so they
were never united.
One reason tuat gave rise to the idea
that she was Shippee's wife v/as that Mrs.
Cook nursed him through Ins illness, and
that several years ago she bred a shot at
him in front of the Yosemite House be
cause of some misunderstanding. They
afterward became reconciled, and their
great friendship continued up to the time
of his death.
Shippee's nephew to-day filed a trust
deed by which the famous Shippee ranch
near here is transferred to him. After
paying off the mortgage he is directed to
pay Mrs. Cook $5000, and to Evelyn
Shippee of Butte County $5000. Several
smaller bequests of $1000 each are made to
relatives in the East. The deed con
templates the disbursement of aoout
$30,000 in rash after paying off the debts
on the place. The trust deed was executed
on May 27, and was drawn np by Attorney
Arthur Levinsky of this city.
Wrecked Mear JPetalumn.
PET ALUM A, Cal.. Aug. 11.— The south
bound freight train of the San Francisco
and North Pacific Railway was wrecked on
a trestle south of town this atternoon. The
breaking of trucks on the fourth car caused
the disaster. The car was rilled with live
stock. Section hands were at once dis
patched to repair the damage, but the train
due at 7 p. M. was unable to reach here, the
passengers being transferred to 'buses
and brought to town.
Redwood City Pioneer (rone.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal.. Aug. 11.—
Henry Newton Bishop died last night at
his home in Belmont. He was 78 years of
ape. Mr. Bishop was a pioneer of this
State, coming to the coast in 1849 with the
late Senator Sharon and Colonel E. D.
Fry. He had lived in this county since
1868, having been manager of the Sharon
property for the last twenty years.
NEW TO-PAT.
fTHE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
t DRUGGISTS.
OPEN ALL NIGHT.
We Cut Prices
On Everything.
SAVE YOUR DinES.
Alcock's Plasters 100
Belladonna Porous Plasters 10c
Beacham's and Carter's Pills 150
Pond's Extract 35c
Hood's and Joy's Sarsaparilla 65c
Allen's Female Restorative... ; 65c
California Syrup of Figs (We sell only the
genuine) 350
Hoffs Extract of Malt 25c
Cuticura Resolvent 7Oc
Orange 810550 m . ;.... . :.- . . . ;.;":. ;. .." . .. ..w. 75c
Paine's Celery Compound...... .....60c
Nelson's Amy cose 50c
Send Tor our New Illustrated Price
Catalogue. Contains cut prices on Drugs,
Patent Medicines, Toilet Article*,
Trusses, etc.
THEOWLDRUGCO.,
1128 Market St.. Nan Francisco.
Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 South Spring St., Los Angeles.
HOW CHEAP-WHAT IT'Q
PRETTY STYLES- II O
HOW CAN YOU DO IT?— TUC
AND S'MILAR RE- I IIL
MARKS HROM THE Q A I C
MANY WHO BOUGHT O/\L.EI
TANS LAST WEEK. OF
WE TANS I
MUST
SELL
'EM! .
THAT'S OUR CHIEF REASON. ITS
NOT A QUESTION OF PRICE OR
WHAT THEY'RE WORTH — ITS
WHAT THEY'LL BRING. LAST
WEEK WE SOLD PLENTY-THI3
WEEK WE'LL STRIKETHE CLIMAX.
CHILD'S TANS that are cheap at QX/»
$1 50 wt'll sell at :... O'JO
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS, that
beat anything ever shown for Q A/»
I $2, we'll dispose of for .... OVL»
MEN'S BUMMER TANS, worth
$2 60, we'll put a closing Q1 1 \
price of tpl»LO
The above are only a few of the many
big inducements that we're offering.
OUT-OF-TOWN .t'OLKS-Send for the
Sullivan money-saver, the book of shoes,
and prices that aie right.
SULLIVAN'S,
MONEY-SAVERS IN SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street.
Just South of Market.
DR.MCNULTY.
mHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BPJC.
1 ctallit treats PRIVATE CHKONIC AND
NEBVOCSDISEABES O? MENONLV. He stops
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Disease*
Sore* and Swellings: Servoui Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Krrors of Youth and tneif
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the hrrors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men. -
.He restore* Lost Viiror and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused By Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs. •
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and •clen-
tlflc. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-mad*
preparations, but cares the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
▼ate Diseases sent Free to all men who descrloo ,
their trouble. Patients cured at Home, T«m»
reasonable. , .a
. Hours— to 3 dully; 6:80 to 8:30 evenings. Hun-
days. 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and »a-
cr«dl7 confidential. Call on or address
P. KOSCOK MoNCLXY, M. JO., :
%9,y. Kearuy St., San Francisco, Cat.
' »■ Beware of strangers who try to talk to ye*
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers furuwlndllog doctor*. . ;
IHIIIAIIPA^" BARBERS, BA
DD||G||CfSers. bootblacks. bath-
PnUUntviioiivs, billiard - table s
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.*
-■•■ ■■■■ BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush aianufactureri>.6o9a»or»mentoSt>
NOTARY PUBLIC.
r\n ABLES H. j PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary Fustic, 633 Market at* oppu. ;
sim Palace UoteL Telephone 67a £ttld«afl« l«*j
i«Utt. -Xelej>aonft -fiat" -Wl. ,WILLOWS' RACE
MEETING OPENS,
A Large Crowd Sees Three
Equine Battles for
Supremacy.
ALIAS AN EASY WINNER
Captures the Two-Forty Class
Trot Without Great
Effjrt
EBTEILE WILKES BEATEN.
Bernard Ontfoots the Mare in the
Pace — Howard Dumps the
Talent.
WILLOWS, Cal., Aug. 11. — With
weather that made the stout man wish he
were born a skeleton and the balance of
the inhabitants of this beautiful valley
look like spectral figures in their white
suitings the Glenn County Agricultural
Association's annual race meet opened
with an eclat and gusto that will make the
other asrociations on tbe circuit hustle to
keep pace with it. The visitors from the
Day counties walked around with parched
throats and faces dripping with perspira
tion early in the day, but as the
day progressed a cooling southerly
breeze sprung up that was as
welcome as the rural visitor's silver
to the sure-thing gentry, who, by the way,
have gathered here in full force. Secretary
Freeman has toiled arduously to mate the
meet successful, and if the opening day is
any criterion his labors will surely be
crowned with success.
The local Dand marched to the track at
1 :30 o'clock, and a half hour later when
Starting Judge McNair marshaled the
drivers of horses in the first event before
the stand for their instruction the grand
stand was well filled with ladies and theii
escorts and the betting ring with specula
tors. Business with the auction pool
sellers was lively, and a Paris Mutual boj
accommodated the smaller betters.
"Jack" Dinue had the drivers garbed in
satin jackets and the fields presented very
pretty sights.
W. W. Marshall, F. W. Loeber and W.
P. McNair judged the trotting and pacing
events, while P. E. Mulholland and D. L,
Hackett placed the gallop«rs;in the run
ning dash. The card was made up of the
2:40 trot, 2:25 pace and a six furlong run
ning dash. While nothing sensational
characterized the sport, it was good and
clean, which augurs well for the success of
the meeting. Alias, Bernard and Sea
Spray were the- winners of their respective
races. Starter McNair met with his usual
success in dispatching the fields.
The 2:40 trot was first called, with ten
lining up for tbe word. Alias, the Napa
and PetaJuma winner, was installed favor
ite, selling a 10 to 8 choice over the field.
It was practically a cak<) walk ior her, al
though she did drop the second heat to
Millie M, through going into the air at the
half. She took the necessary two heats to
annex the purse after this as she pleased.
Driver Games handled her in masterly
fashion.
Wow, a gieen mare driven by the crack
reinoman, Ed. Lafferty, made a good
showing in ail four heats, taking third
money for La Siesta ranch.
The 2:25 pace, with a field of seven
starters, gave opportunity for more care
ful study. Mack Sanders' black mare
Estelle Wilkes sold favorite in the pools,
bringing $10 against the field, comprising
Bernard, Lizzie E, Nick o' Time, Sind
wood, Palatine and Gladys W. In the
opening heat Gladys W, which drew the
pole, broke, and was passed at the turn by
Palatine. The latter mare went to a break
down the backstretch, and the favorite
taking the lead finished out the heat two
lengths before Sindwood in 2:l7}£. llu
tua;s paid $4 55.
There was little change in the betting
before the next heat, and it looked as
though the mare would make it two
straight, but in a battle through the
stretch with Bernard, driven Dy Whitney,
the latter gelding reached the wire first by
three lengths in 2:lß>£. Two-dollar mu
tuals paid $3 80.
At the first turn in the third heat Ber
nard broke, and banders taking the pole
with the favorite won the heat by a fine
exhibition of driving, half a length ahead
of Bernard, who came very fast at the end.
Gladys W acpeared in no condition to
race and was distanced in this heat.
The next heat resulted in another duel
between Bernard and the black mare, the
gelding showing superior speed by getting
home nearly two lengths before the
Wilkes mare. It was quite evident that
Bernard had the footing over the mare
and be, now ruling favorite, took the de
ciding heat and race in 2:22. Lizzie E
beat Estelle out in this heat for the place.
Nine sprinters started in the six-furlong
running dash, with Howard a hot favorite.
When the flag fell Sea Spray and Rose
Clark raced away in front to the far turn,
where the latter fell back and the place
was taken by the favorite. Spooner, on
Bea Spray, outrode Ames to the wire and
got the verdict for Sea Spray by a half
length in 1:14%. The winner sold for $3
in pools of $24.
Trotting. 2:40 class, three In five, purse $500.
Alias, tx m., by Wolsey, by Del Sur (Gaiues) 1 a 1 1
Millie L, b. m., by Yosemite (Hellman) 6 13 8
Wow, br. m., by Derimlna (Lafferty) 4 4 ii 3
Peier Jackson, br. s., by Designer (Cecil). ..3 5 5 2
Ooldy, eh. c., by Brigadier (11 an Ion) 2 3 8 5
Twilight, b m., by Noonday (Cliaboya) 6 7 4 4
Lena Holly, b. m., by Mt. Boy (Hoy) 7 6 6 7
Billups, b. b. (Davis) 8 8 7 6
Ben ilar, b. g. (Donnelly) 9 dla.
Conductor, b. g., by Constant (Trayon) dls.
Time. 2:261,4— *:22— 2:24-2:21.
Pacing, 2:25 class, three In five, purse $500.
Bernard, en . g., by Jim Blalne ( Whitney). 6 12 11
Ealelle Wilkes, bile, m., by Guy Wllkes
(Sanders) 12123
Llnwood. bile c by Silkwood (Hodges).. 33 4 4
Lizzie E, b. m., by Illustrious (Hoy) ..6 4 4 3 2
Gladys W. en. m., by Wesimont (Gaines).3 5 dls.
I'alailna, eh. m.. by Tom Benton (Bennett)* dls. •
Nick o'Tlire. b.ff.. by Good Luck (Gideon). 7 dls.
Time, 2:17V4— 2 :i 2:19-2:22.
Running, six furlongs, purse $200— P. Seib
enthaler's cb. g. Sea Spray, 109, by imp. Wnri
ner-Maranette (Spooner) first; K. £. Dolan's
cb. g. Howard, 109, by Tyrant, May Howard
(Ames), second; Garden City stable's b. m.
warrago, 107, by Warwick- Fedalma (Narvaez),
third. Time, 1:14% Clara Johnson, Sweet
briar, Quarterstafi', Josephine, Rose Clark and
Pricelie also ran.
STOOB.TOX DOG SHOW.
Members of the Canine Aristocracy to Be
Placed on Exhibition.
STOCKTON, Cal., A us. 11.— It has been
decided definitely that there will be a dog
show here the last week in September and
the first three days in October. The en
tries promise to be numerous.
One of the features of the show will be
the rat pits, at which some of the best
terriers in the State will officiate. It has
been represented to the authorities that
there will be no undue cruelty to the rats,
and so no objection was made to the per
formance. There is a chance also that
there will be some very interesting cock
fights.
An amusing feature of the exhibition
will be battles between fox terriers. The
dogs will be muzzled, so that they cannot
hurt one another. Even when" muzzled
the little fellows have been known to go
at one another like prize-fighters.
Otis Fellows, who was judge at Los
Angeles and Oakland, has been chosen as
judge for this show.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Baltimore
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Cblcago
PiUsburg.
Boston
Brooklyn
Philadelphia
New York
Washington.
St. Ixxiis :
Louisville
Clubs.
Won.
63
65
57
66
52
49
41
40
88
88
28
•21
27 .700
30 .684
33 .633
40 .583
40 .505
41 .544
49 .455
60 .444
53 .423
64 .397
63 .345
66 .241
LOUISVILLE, XT., Aug. 11 —To-day's game
between Louisville and Cleveland was brilliant
all the way through and was called at the end
of the eleventh inning on account of darkness,
wilh the score standing at 6to 6. The feature
of the game was Clark's fielding. Attendance
1500. Score: Clevelands,— 6, 13, 2; Louis
ville—6. 11, 2. Batteries— Young and Zim
mer; Frazer and Dexter. Umpire— Lally.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 11.— The Brooklyns
were easy for the New Yorks in the last game
of the local series to-day. Joyce's men batted
Kennedy out of tne box in the first inning and
then during the remainder of the game they
coupled their hits with Stein's bases on balls.
Meekin pitched strongly, and, with the men
on bases, wag simply invincible. Only about
1500 persons were present. Score: New
Yorks— B, 9, 2; Brooklyns— 2, 10, 7. Batter
ies—Meekin and Warner; Kennedy and Bur
rill. Umpire— Sheridan.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 11.— The Colts made a
great record for themselves to-day by play
ing superb ball and giving the Reds their first
shutout of the season. Terry was invincible.
Only three of the visitors got as far as second
base and none reached third. Attendance
6000. Score: Chicago, 6, 10, 1; Cincinnatis,
0. 5, 3. Batteries — Terry and Kitiridge,
Dwyer and Peitz. Umpire— McFarl and.
PITTSBURIi, Pa., Aug. 11.— St. Louis could
not hit Hawley to-day, while Phtsburg touched
up Donahue at the proper time, the result be
ing an easy victory for the nome team. At
tendance 2200. Score: Pittsburgs, 9, 12, 0;
St. Louis, 1, 4, 2. Batteries — Hawley and Mer
ritt, Donahue and McFarland. Umpire — Emslie.
BALTIMORE, Me. Aug. 11.— The Washington
team played like champions to-day for three
innings and it looked like the closing of the
season between the two clubs would be close
and exciting, but the Baltimore's got onto
German's delivery in the fourth and batted out
a victory. Attendance 1900. Score: Balti
mores, 17, 18, 1; Washingtons, 3, 9,2. Bat
teries—Esper and Clark, German and McGuire.
Umpire— Lynch.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 11.—Phii&del
phia-Boston; no game.
LIST OF EQUINE VICTORS.
Horses That Earned Their Oats on East.
em Tracks Yetterday.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 11.— Silver Day at
the races brought out fully 10,000 people
and every person that passed through the
gates paid $1 admission.
Half the receipts will be donated to the
silver campaign fund. Business in the
city was almost entirely suspended, and
the employes at the mines were given a
half-holiday. Summaries:
Pacing, 2 :20 class, three in five, purse $600,
Bill Frazier won, Lady VValdstein second, Black
Cloud third. Best time, 2:15.
Trotting, free for all, two in three, purse
$800. Ottinger won, Robbie P second, Bourbon
Wilkes Jr., third. Best time, 2:12' v
Five furlongs, purse .S3OO, May W won,
Quicksilver second, Bill Howard third. Time,
1 :0\%.
One mile, selling, puree $300, Hello won,
Hiram Argo second, Latonia shird. Time,
1:46.
Five fnrlongs, purse $250, Blue Sign won,
Mamie D second, Cyrus King third. Time,
1 :035£.
Five and a half furlongs, purse $250, Tam
many won. Model second, Addie M third.
Time, 1:09%.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 7.— Results:
One mile, Sigoora won. King Elm second,
La Belle France third. Time, I :4<i}4.
Six furlongs, Fred Foster won, Fredonia sec
ond, Travis third. Time, 1:15J4-
Mile, Immilda won, Castalia second, La Gal
lienne third. Time, 1:44.
Mile, Linda won, Bing Binger second, Honor
third. Time, 1:42%.
Seven furlongs, Coronne dOr won, John
Hickey second, Pitfall third. Time .I:27}£.
Five and a half furlongs, Zamar ill won,
Aquinas second, Juanita third. Time, 1 :08%.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. V., Aug. 11.-
Results:
Mile and a sixteenth, Jefferson won, Horn
pipe second, Forma third. Time, I:47J£.
Five furlongs, Break o' Day wou, St. Barthol
omew second, Don Bias third. Time, l:02%.
One mile, Gold Crest won, Ferrier second,
Defender third. Time, 1:42.
Five furlongs Second Chance won, L B sec
ond, King Bon third. Time, I :o3}^.
Six furlongs, Rhodesia won, Cleophus sec
ond. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs, Ihe Manxman won, Minnie
Alphonse second, Climena third. Time, 1 :02.
WHEELMEA AT LOUISVILLE.
Doings of Bicyclists at Their Annual
Outing and Meet.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., Aug. 11.— Bright
and early this morning the local and visit
ting cyclists were astir, and there were
several thousands in line when, at 6
o'clock, the signal was given from head
quarters for the start on the century run
over the original century course to Frank
fort and return. For those who preferred
to sleep late and take their breakfasts at
leisure a second programme had been pre
pared, covering runs to New Albany, Jef
feraonville, the Falls of the Ohio and
Shippingport, a distance of twenty-live
miles. The start was made at 8 o'clock,
and there was a large number of partici
pants. At 10 o'clock the annual meeting
of the Kentucky division was called to
order at Iroquois Park by Chief Consul
John W. Clendening. Tds afternoon the
visitors took in the stock farms and other
points of interest about the city, and to
night were entertained at a smoker at
headquarters.
Paced by a triplet to-day Arthur Gard
ner went a practice mile in 1:46, the fast
est rr.fle that has been done in training
this year. Otto Zeigler went a mile un
paced in 2:001:5, equaling the Denver
time of Sanger and Clark, about which
the racing board had so mucii trouble
early in the year. There were over 200
entries in the races, and interest is cen
tered in the coming performances of Tom
Cooper, Eddie Bald and other crack riders
who are here. Cooper, particularly, is at
tracting a great deal of attention, and
many say he is bound to break some rec
ords this week.
Sharkey and Sullivan to Box.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 11.— A morn
ing paper says: Tom Sharkey is to box
four rounds with the former champion,
John L. Sullivan, at the Madison-square
Garden on August 31. This has been set
tled. It will be a friendly bout in all that
the word implies. "Parson" Davies engi
neered this affair. He is to be congratu
lated for his good judgment. Sharkey
would not box Peter Maher. He, too,
may be congratulated, so the experts
think, for his wisdom.
Chest Tournament Prize Winners.
NUREMBURG, Bavaria, Aug. 11.— The
International Chess Tournament practi
cally ended yesterday. Altogether 170
games have been played. Lasker wins the
first prize and Maroczsy second. Pillsbury
is sure of tieing for the third and fourth
places. Janowsky wins the fifth, Steinitz
the sixth and Schlechter ana Walbrodt
divide the seventh prize.
Pugilist Jim Hall in Jail.
CONEY ISLAND, N. V., Aug. 11.-Jim
Hall, th» pugilist, wa* arrested in New
York last night when about to meet Steve
O'Donnell for a six-round fight, on a
charge of non-payment of his board bill.
He was arraigned in court in West
Brighton to-day. Hall pleaded not guilty,
but was unable to furnish bonds and was
taken to jail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
"WANTED, A PRESIDENT."
Uncle Sam to "Willie Bryan, who has applied for the position :
"Now, sonny, run away and play and don't bother me. This is a
man's job." — Los Angeles Times.
BRYAN REACHES
HIS DESTINATION.
Enthusiastic Crowds Await
His Arrival in
New York.
INCIDENTS OF THE TKIP.
The Nominee's Wife the Re
cipient of Many Courte
ous Attentions.
A CRUSH AT PHILADELPHIA.
Both of the Nebraskan's Hands
Greatly Swollen by Too Much
Shaking.
NEW YORK. N. V., Aug. IL— William
J. Bryan arrived in this city to-night. He
reached Jersey City over the Pennsylva
nia Railroad at 8:10 o'clock and was driven
to the residence of William P. St. John,
121 East Thirty-fourth street, where he
and Mrs. Bryan passed the night.
Although Mr. Bryan had expressly re
quested that there should be no public
demonstration, no bands or marching
clubs, be was received by a large and en
thusiastic crowd both at Jersey City and
on the New York s>de. Long before the
hour at which the train was scheduled to
arrive the Pennsylvania station was
crowded with persons anxious to catch a
glimpse of the apostle of free silver. Sixty
police, under the command of Inspector
Lange and Captain Farrier, took charge of
the crowd and were kept busy preventing
them from crowding against the gates.
As it was, many of them climbed on the
gates and cheered for Bryan.
The coming of the Democratic candidate
was eagerly awaited by a reception com
mittee consisting of Senator Jones of
Arkansas, Treasurer St. John, J. T. Tom
linson, National Committeeman from
Alabama, and Arthur Sewail, candidate
for Vice-President.
At 8:10 the headlight of the engine of
Mr. Bryan's train was sighted and amid
cries of "Here he comes," "Look out for
Bryan," the train bearing the Nebraskans
rolled into the station. Contrary to gen
eral expectation, the Bryan party was in
the first car and not in the rear one, which
was a drawing-room car. As soon as the
train had come to a full stop, Mr. Bryan,
Mrs. Bryan, Mr. and Mrs. Richard P.
Bland. Mr. and Mrs. James Kerr of Clear
field, Pa., John A. Creighton, member the
notification committee, J. A. Malone. J.
T. Snyder of Clearfield, Pa., John D. War
man. John Oarmon, H. V. Dively and
Clarence J. Gallagher, a personal friend of
Mr. Bryan, alighted.
Mi. Sewail and the other members of
the reception committee rushed forward
and in turn shook hands with Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan. The entire party stepped
into a freight elevator at the east end of
track 4, on which track the train entered
the station and were at once lowered to
the ground floor. While the Bryan party
were standing on the freight elevator plat
form, the crowd cheered and shouted
itself hoarse and many climbed up to the
very top of the high railing separating the
station platform from the tracks.
The crowd expected to see Mr. Bryan
and his party pass through the gates and
through the station, but in this it was dis
appointed and a howl of dismay went up
as the elevator was lowered and Bryan
and his party disappeared as though by
magic. It did not take long for the crowd
to discover what had happened and a rush
was.made for the floor below.
The crowds from upstairs, pouring down
upon the large crowd that had congregated
oh the ground floor created something like
a riot, and the Jersey City police, who had
already lost control of the assemblage, be
came demoralized and rushed first one
way and then another with drawn clubs.
As the Bryan party stepped from the ele
vator they were so completely hemmed in
by the shouting crowd that they could not
move in any direction. While they were
waiting for the police to come to their res
cue the hundreds of excited men pushed,
shoved and shouted for Bryan and cried
"speech! speech!"
Finally a pathway was made through
the crowd and at 8:25 Mr. Bryan and nis
friends boarded the ferryboat Hudson
City. During the passage over the river
Mr. Bryan was cheered, but aside from
bowing and saying "Thank you, my
friends," did not speak. Before the ferry
boat had reached the New York side the
large crowd on the dock, taking up the
cheers of those on the Hudson City,
shouted and cheered for Bryan.
The police management on that side
was as nearly perfect as could be expected.
A line was opened through the crowd and
Mr. Bryan, accompanied by Mr. Bland,
Senator Jones and Mr. Sewail, passed
through the shouting throng of persons
to carriages which were in waiting and
were ariven to Mr. St. John's house, where
they arrived at 9:25 and were again met by
an immense crowd, which cheered and
snouted until Mr. Bryan and his party
disappeared behind the closed doors.
The scenes along the route from Pitts
burg to Jersey City were merely a repeti
tion of those of yesterday in Ohio and
Indiana. Crowds, cheers, speeches and
handshaking were the order of the day.
Nearly 1000 people were waiting for Mr.
.Bryan at Johnstown.
The train slopped short of the station,
and tbere'was a mad rush of the crowd
down the tracks to the rear car. Ex-Con
gressman Kerr presented Mr. Bryan and
Mr. Bland, both of whom were roundly
cheered. Neither spoke, but Mr. Bryan
shook hands with a large number of per
sons.
At Creason 300 residents greeted the
train and cheered the nominee, with whom
many shook hands. Ex-Governor Hogg
of Tex*s, who is also en route to New
York, was discovered in a forward car of
the train, and Mr. Bryan invited him to
his coach just before Cresaon was readied.
Altoona gave Mr. Bryan a rousing .re
ception. When the train came to a stand
still in the statton there, hundreds of peo
ple were lined up along the tracts. Many
others were crowding balconies and win
dows of neighboring houses, while boxcars
and other points of vantage were lined
with workmen from the railroad shops.
The rear platform of the train was not
in an advantageous position to enable
most of those composing the throng to get
near Mr. Bryan, and of all the vast
assemblage not more than 500 could crowd
into the narrow space between the train
and the guard wall to places directly in
front of where the nominee stood. The
Bryan and Sewail Club, bearing badtres
inscribed "16 to 1," led the enthusiasm.
The appearance of Mr. Bryan on the plat
form brought out a mighty cheer. There
was a struggle to get near him, and much
confusion resulted. There were yells of
"Bryan" and "speech." Standing beside
Mr. Bryan was Mr. Bland, and the latter !
started to address the audience. He told
them that the demonstration was a repe
tition of what had been going on in Ohio
and the West, and said that it meant
victory for the Democracy in November.
The crowd cheered Bland, but it did not
wait to hear him speak, and cries of
"Bryan" drowned his words.
Then ex-Congressman Kerr managed to
make some remark about the people of
Pennsylvania being with the people ot
the nominee's native and adopted States,
Illinois and Nebraska, in their unanimity
for Bryan. This was interrupted witii
more cries for the candidate, but Mr.
Bryan shook his h ad, and placing his
hand to his throat called out in a husky
voice, "I can't, boys; I can't." Then a
rush toward the car was made and Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan went through the hand
shaking ordeal until the train moved out
at 11:05.
Several hundred ppople were in the au
dience that greeted Mr. Bryan at Tyron.
They gave him two or three good cheers.
Mr. Bland made a little speech, and Mr.
Bryan again gripped some Pennsylvania
hands.
When Huntingdon was reached, at
noon, Mr. Bland talked to the crowd,
numbering a couple of hundred, while
Mr, and Mrs. Bryan shook hands with
those composing it. Both Bland and
Bryan were cheered.
L°wiston Junction turned out a small
crowd and the story was repeated. Ihere
were some counter-cheers foi McKinley.
Mrs. Bryan was in great demand at Lewis
ton and attracted nearly as much atten
tion as her husband.
One hundred and fifty people at New
port cheered Bland, but forgot to cheer
Bryan, so intent were they in shaking
hands with him.
An excitel, overheated, enthusiastic
mass of people swarmed beneath the
broad roof of the big Pennsylvania station
building at Harrisburg. They crowded
the platform, bung two deep on railings
and ran along with the train as it slowed
up preparatory to stopping. Among the
members of the Bryan party estimates of
the size of the Harrisburg congregation
were varied. Some placed it as high as
5000.
Chairman Hubbell of the Harrisburg
Bimetallic League presented Mr. Bryan.
Cheers followed the announcement and a
great cry of "speech" went up. But Mr.
Bryan pointed to his throat and shook his
head. Just in the midst of the fast and
urious handshaking in progress and just
as Mr. Bland had started a speech the car
was shifted again. Cheering, shouting
and pushing with might and main, the
people around the car sought to regain
their advantageous position. Hundreds
of them were struggling on the track be
tween the car in which Mr. Bryan was in
and the rest of the train. As they saw the
coach bearing down upon them almost a
panic ensued in the endeavor to get out of
harm's way. Men seemed to leap over the
heads of others and some went down. But
nobody was injured, and the big assem
blage, or rather the male part of it, made
another dash toward the tall, smooth
faced man, who looks ten years older than
he did when he left Chicago Sunday night.
Mr. Bryan stood on the steps of a car and
reached out both hands to be grasped by
hundreds of extended lists.
While Bryan shook hands at the rate of
sixty a minute with each hand, Mr. Bland
tried to talk about ttie great issues of the
campaign, but his voice was lost in the
shouts of those around the car. At last
the train moved away and Mr. Bryan,
with a relieved look, went back to his
drawing-room.
Barring the shifting process, the Bryan
reception at Lancaster was quite as wildly
interesting. The station was crowded
with people to the number of 1200. Mr.
Bryan stood on the rear platform of his
car, which had been returned to its orig
inal position at the end of the train. The
crowd shouted and there was a constant
struggle to get near the nominee. Mr.
Bland's speech was again lost. The only
people who did not appear anxious to
join in the grand rush for the Nebraska
man's swollen hands were the women
standing at the other end of the platform
and the members of the brass band which
had been engaged to play patriotic airs
and was fulfilling its contract without in
termission.
The yelling of th« audience, which
while constant had not been united, cou
centrated itself into one last hurrah as
the train moved away. No further stop
was made until Philadelphia was reached.
At Philadelphia there was a crowd of
5000 pushing, perspiring people, gathered
behind the iron gates, barring the en
trance to the trains in the Pennsylvania
Railroad station. A noticeable feature of
the crowd was its make-up. It was essen
tially a crowd of plain people, the work
intrman, the mechanic and the laborer.
The pressure became so strong that men
and women caught in the crush were in
dancer of beine trampled under foot, and
the railroad officials to relieve the pressure
threw open the gates and let tbe people
through upon the platform. With a wild
rush the crowd poured through, and reck
less of constantly shifting cars risked life
and limb upon the tracks.
The Democratic city committee, headed
by Chairman John Curley, was in waiting
to welcome Mr. Bryan on his arrival, but
as the train putled into the station at 6:50
the crowd with a cheer made a wild rush
and the committee was swamped in the
human tide and swept away. Before the
train stopped the crowd was surging up to
the side of the last car and those in the
front swung upon the steps at the risk of
their lives. Cheer after cheer went up as
Mr. Bryan appeared on the back platform
and the crush was terrific to get near him.
Mrs. Bryan stood beside her husband and
bowed and smiled as some enthusiast in
the crowd held up to her a bouquet of
roses. Mr. Bryan leaned over the rail of
the platform and shook all the out
stretched hands in reach. There were
cries for a speech to which the tired
nominee could only respond by a shake of
his head.
In the meantime the city committee
had succeeded in forcing its way into the
car, and none too soon, as after a stop of
nine minutes the train pulled out for New
York amid the cheers of the surrounding
mob. Chairman Curley then greeted Mr.
Bryan, and wished him success, and ex
pressed regret that his stay in Philadel
phia was so brief, as otherwise the com
mittee would have arranged for a fitting
reception. Mr. Bryan responded briefly
and sank wearily in^o a seat. Mrs. Bryan
was presented with a beautiful bunch of
roses, the gift of the superintendent of
the sub-postofficcs of Philadelphia.
The train stopped only two minutes at
Trenton, but in this time Mr. Bryan shook
hands with all in waiting.
Elizabeth turned out several people/who
cheered lustily during the half minute the
train stopped there. When Newark was
reached a turbulent mob rushed toward
the train, cheering like mad. A thousand
or more pressed into the enclosure between
tbp train and the guardrail. Those be
hind pushed and sheved until those in
front nroke Into a run out of sheer self
protection and on a rapid, dioorderly trot,
men and boys ten deep, went past the
platform wheie Mr. Bryan was standing,
making vain endeavors in the quick prog
ress to grasp bis hand. The cheering of
those in this unchecked human stream and
of the great crowds in quieter positions
was continuous. Mr. Bryan kept both
hands working constantly. Skyrockets
and Roman candles were fired and red
lights burned, and altogether the scene
was one of the wildest excitement and en
thusiasm.
DEMOCRATIC NEGRO CONPETION
Sow Being Held in Chicago to Indorse
Bryan.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 11.— The biennial
convention of the Negro National Demo
cratic League began to-day, representa
tives of eleven States being present ana
more expected to-morrow.
C. H. J. Taylor, Recorder of Deeds for
the District of Columbia, sent his resigna
tion as president of the league, when he
received a letter from A. E. Manning of
Indianapolis, chairman of the executive
committee, intimating that the league
would declare for Bryan and free coinage.
Recorder Taylor, an appointee of President
Cleveland, had written to Manning hop
ing the league would stand by that "noble
Koman, Grover Cleveland." Mr. Man
ning was chosen temporary chairman and
H. Clark of Illinois temporary secretary.
Among the prominent delegates present
are: J. Milton Turner, ex-Mi nister to
Liberia; C. A. Rideont of Seattle, Charles
F. Olmstead, West Virginia; Charles C.
Curtis, Washington.
After the temporary organization and
announcement of committees the conven
tion adjourned until to-morrow to give
the committees time to prepare their re
! ports. Contests from Arkansas and Illi
nois were amicably settled.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion met at the Keystone Hotel to-night
and at a late hour were still in session,
| with the prospect of sitting after mid
night. Mr. Manning will be recommend
ed for president of the league, in recogni
tion of his services in original organiza
tion. The important part of the resolu
tions will be a reiteration of the Chicago
platform, and an urgent appeal to the
colored race, irrespective of party affilia
tion, to vote and work for the free coinage
of silver. Pre.-ident Cleveland will not be
mentioned. Of the forty-seven delegates
who attended the first day' 3 session only
one, C. C. Curtis of lowa, is a jiold-stan
dard Cleveland man, and he has a Federal
appointment at Washington as messenger.
SENATOR SHOUP SANGUINE.
He Believes Republican Success Is As
sured in Idaho.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 11.— Sena
tor Shoup of Idaho was at Republican
headquarters yesterday and talked very
encouragingly of the outlook in the West
especially in his own State. Senator Shoup
is a silver Republican, but believed in
fighting the question out in his own party.
He said he believed silver would be a
greater gainer through the Republican
party than through any other, and his
hope for an international financial confer
ence is not in vain. He is confident that
Idaho can be carried for McKinley, and
could not understand how the silverites
had secured their information as to
the result of the recent contest
there, which indicated that silver
Democrats had swept the State. The
returns, he said, were not all in on Satur
day, and it is a little premature to forecast
what the result will be. The Senator re
turns to Idaho this evening, and will enter
actively into the campaign, making as
good a fight aa he knows how for the Re
publican ticket.
Encouraging news from Missouri and
Kansas was received by the Republican
Congressional Committee yesterday. A
large number of letters reached Washing
ton yesterday morning announcing that in
some parts of Missouri there was a split in
the Populist ranks, and as a result of this
condition Republicans have not been so
enthusiastic since early in the seveuties. In
some parts of Kansas it is supposed that
the silver-question -'fever" is beginning to
wane, as the result of the reading of Re
publican literature with which the State
has been flooded.
Fusion Prospects in Ohio.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 11.— The Demo
cratic State Central Committee to-day
elected Daniel McConville of Steubenville,
who was Sixth Auditorof the Treasury un
der Cleveland's first administration, chair
man of the State executive committee. He
was also empowered to select his colleagues
on the committee. As the committee did
not nil the two vacancies on the State
ticket and adjourned to meet here on Sep
tember I— immediately after the State
convention of the Populists — it is gener
ally believed that a proposition for a fu
sion with the Populists has been agreed
upon and will be submitted by the Popu
lists at their convention.
Singerly Withdraws.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 11. —
William Singerly, whose name heads the
list of electors nominated at the Allenton
State Democratic Convention, has written
a letter to Democratic State Chairman
Wright, announcing his unwillingness to
support the Chicago convention platform
and candidates, and asking that his name
be withdrawn from the electoral ticket.
ANOTHER AWFUL
LIST OF DEATHS,
Seventy-Four Reported to
the New York
Police.
HOTTEST AUGUST DAYS.
Many Horses Fall in Districts
Where the Traific Is
Heavy.
BROOKLYN SWELLS HER BOLL.
Tbe Weather Bureau Says a Cooler
Temperature May Be Looked for
To-Night.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Aug. 11.-Althongh
the prediction was for cooler weather
to-day the heat was as intense as it was
yesterday, and the record for the warmest
August 11 in the history of the Weather
Bureau was broken to-day,
The temperature at 8 a. m. was 88 de
grees, only 1 degree warmer than at the
same hour yesterday morning and only 10
degrees less than the warmest August 11
on record. Tne warmest August 11 was
in 1891, when, during the hottest hour of
the day, the temperature was 98 degrees.
At 3 p. M. to-day it was 94.
One hour after the official observation
was made this morning at 8 o'clock the
temperature had climbed to 84. One hour
later, at 10 o'clock, it was 86 degrees and
the mercury was still going up at an
alarming rate. At 8 A. m. the humidity
was 69 per cent. The highest point the
mercury touched was 94 at 3 p. m.
The weather bureau folks say that the
temperature will remain high to-morrow,
bat the weather will be cooler Wednesday
night.
On the streets to-day the beat was in
tense. In lower Broadway, where the
traffic is heavy in the early hours of the
morning, many horses dropped to the
pavement.
There were 74 deaths from the heat re*
ported to the police during the day and
156 prostrations.
In Brooklyn and surrounding towns the
heat was intense. Many deaths and pros
trations are reported. In Brooklyn 13
deaths and 43 prostrations from the heat
were reported.
BELIEF AT CHICAGO.
A Fresh and Cooling Bree*« Wafted In
From the Lakes.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 11.— Suffering hu
manity and animals were favored at 7
o'clock to-day by the cessation of the
deadly scorching weather which has pr«£
vailed for more than a week.
The welcome change was forecast by
Professor Garriot and heralded by a fresh,
cooling breeze from the lake. The heat
continued intense, however, being 93 late
in the afternoon.
The changed condition began with the
gathering of a thunderstorm from across
the lake, at Grand Haven, and the rain
came heavy and continuous to save the
people from further misery and danger.
Permanent cool weather is not promised
before to-morrow.
Thirty deaths were reported to-day as
due to sunstroke and less direct effects of
the heat. The number of prostrations
was smaller than yesterday.
SLIGHTLY COOLER AT ST. LOUIS.
Occasional Breezes Abate the Suffering
and Reduce the Death- Roll.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 11.— For the
twelve hours ending at 6 p. m. there was
an average reduction of four degrees in
the temperature. The highest point
reached to-day was 96 degrees at 5 p. m.
NEW TO-DAT.
A
Great Run.
There's a great run on our $9 Ready-
made Suits this week — it's such a sale any
one would run to get to.
Think of it! Every $11.50, $14 and
$18 Clay Worsted, Cheviot and Scotch
Tweed Suit in the store goes this week at
$9. Excellently tailored and guaranteed to
fit perfectly.
Nine dollars will do it ! Don't wait
until next week, for there will be few of
these fine suits left when the sale closes
Saturday night.
The public are freely invited to inspect our factory at any
time. Our books are open to all legitimate labor organizations.
Columbian Woolen Mills,
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 541 STREET.
Occasional breezes did much to abate the
suffering.
In consequence the death roll to-day was
reduced to seven and the prostrations to
thirty-one. None of the factories which
suspended work on account of the heat
have resumed, however, and several were
added to the list of the idle.
The ice supply is barely sufficient if the
temperature lowers again, but another
week of hot weather would create a famine.
Housekeepers now pay 50 cents per 100,
with the prospect of a further rise. The
local weather forecaster promises a cool
wave, with probable rain for Wednesday
night.
MICHIGAN'S SMALL CYCLONE.
Much Damage at Benton Harbor and
Loss of Life Is Feared.
BENTON HARBOR, Mich., Aug. 11.—
A furious electric storm, accompanied by
high wind and rain to-night, did thou
sands of dollars' worth of damage to fruit
trees. Many buildings in this city and
St. Joseph were slightly damaged.
The storm caused a panic at the summer
hotels. It is said that several lives were
lost in the lake, as a numoerof small boats
were out and all are not accounted for at
a late hour to-night.
MUBKEGON, Mich., Aug. 11.— This city
caught the southern end of a cyclone
which came up from the west shortly be
fore 7 o'clock to-night. A deluge of rain
accompanied the winds. Much minor
damage was done.
PHILADELPHIA'S HOTTEST DAT.
Thermometer 200, Twelve Deaths and
Fifty Prostrations.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 11.— The
highest temperature yet recorded during
the present heated spell by the local
weather bureau was reached to-day when
the thermometer went a fraction over 97
degrees.
On the street shaded thermometers
touched 100 degrees. Possibly people are
becoming acclimated to the terrific heat or
else realizing its deadly power are taking
more precautions against it, for the mor
tality fell off somewhat.
There were twelve deaths recorded by
the police to-day and fifty cases of pros
tration were admitted to the hospitals.
Baltimore's Quota of Fatalities.
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 11.— Ten fatal
ities from the excessive heat was reported
up to midnight to-night Thirty persons
were prostrated. The maximum tempera
ture for the day was 95 degrees, which was
recorded between 2 and 4 p. m.
The effect of the torrid weather is shown
in to-day's report of the health department
For the first three days of the current
week the mortality was 103.
SHU Boiling Hot •( Washington.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— The heated
term still continues in this vicinity,
although to-day was a shade less oppres
sive than yesterday, a light breeze keep
ing the air in motion.
One death was reported to-day. A num
ber of prostrations, more or less serious,
were also reported. The thermometer re
gistered 88 at 8 a. M., 89 at noon and 91.5
at 3 p. h., which was the maximum.
Ex- Secretary Thompson Stricken.
TERRE HAUTE, Inl., Aug. 11.— The
venerable ex-Secretary of the Navy,
Colonel R. W. Thompson, was prostrated
by heat this afternoon.
He was unconscious the greater part of
the day, but. his physicians have hopes of
his recovery. His great age, 87 years, how
ever, causes much apprehension among
his friends.
Kansas City Breathes Again.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 11.— The hot
wave which for sixteen cays has spread
over Kansas City was broken to-night by
a rain, and the temperature, which at 3
o'clock stood at 96, has dropped to normal.
Three Deaths at Louisville.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., Aug. 11.— The mer
cury again reached 97 degrees at Louis
ville to-day. There were three deaths and
seventeen prostrations.
Attempted Suicide Aear Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 11.— Joseph
Palmer, aged 60, attempted suicide last
night at Guthrie's ■tatioai, adjoining the
city. Palmer had threatened suicide so
often that the friends to whom be made
threats last night did not believe him sin
cere. Early this morning he was found in
an apparently dying condition at the road
side, having taken poison. He is at the
County Hospital and may recover.
34
PARTICULARS OF
PYLE'S DEATH,
Washington Police Work
ing on a Theory of
Murder.
HE HAD BEEN ON A LARK
Delivered a Free Silver Speech
While Going to a
Barbecue.
WAS MISSING FOR FIVE DATS
A Peculiar Tin Box Addressed to a
Dead Man Found in the Secre-
tary's Boom.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. IL— Work
was suspended at the headquarters of the
National Silver party to-day. The em
ployes of the National committee were
saddened beyond measure when they read
in this morning's paper an account of tbe
murder or suicide of A. H. Pyle of San
Francisco, secretary of the commute, a re
port of which was telegraphed exclusively
to Thb Call. The body of the unfortunate
man was not identified until late last
night, consequently his friends knew
nothing of his death until this morning.
George P. Keeney was in New York and
Hon. Charles Lane of California, chair
man of the committee, had not yet ar
rived.
Mr. Pyle's successor will not be ap
pointed until the chairman arrives, Sena
tor Stewart was especilly saddened when
he learned of his death. He knew him
well and his father before him.
The police were working to-day to try
and clear up the mystery of Pyle's death.
The Coroner held an autopsy. All indi
cations are that the body was in the water
a much longer time than was at first sup
posed. It is tbe belief that there may nave
been foul play. Mr. Pyle was very much
under the influence of liquor on Tuesday
morning. He said he was going out to
call on Senators Jones and Faulkner.
Because of his condition friends urged
him not to go out, and about noon he
started for Falls Church, where a barbecue
was being held. Mr. Pyle continued to
drink heavily and was in jovial spirits.
While in the car en route to Falls Church
he arose and delivered a free-silver speech,
much to tbe amusement of his friends.
He returned to the city in the evening
with Mr. Carruthers of the Silver Knight
and James D. Finch, stenographer. They
left him at the Sixth- street station, and
that was the last seen of him alive.
When Mr. Pyle failed to show up at the
Silver headquarters on Wednesday but
little was thought of it. As days passed,
however, J. M. Devine and his asso
ciates at the office grew apprehensive, and
their fears were realized when they read
the accounts of the finding of the body.
G. B. Keeney was communicated with as
to what disposition should be made of it.
He replied that the police should take
charge of the effects in Pyle's room and to
await further instructions.
Among other things a tin box was found
in Pyle's apartments. A card on it said
to send the box unopensd to William Q.
Judge. The card bore date of April 4,
1895. Mr. Judge was a leader of the Theo
soDhical Society in America and died
about the time the box was sealed. It is
thought Pyle was a theosophist.though he
had not allied himself with the society in
this city.
It was nearly 1 o'clock this afternoon
■when Dr. Glasebrook completed his work
over the body. After a brief consultation
the announcement was made that an in
quest would be held over the remains at
11 o'clock to-morrow morning at the
morgue. "The Coroner has requested me
to say nothing about the result? of my in
vestigations until the inquest convenes to
morrow," said Dr. Glasebrook. "I will of
course testify before the Coroner's jury."
Tbe Deputy Coroner refused to say whether
or net he found any indications of foul
play about the remains. The determina
tion to hold an inquest meets with the
hearty approval of the friends of the dead
man.
THE MYSTERIOUS BOX.
Probably Contains Papers Relating to
Theoxophical Matters.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 11.— A visit
was paid to the tbeosophical headquarters
at 94 Madison street, for information con
cerning a box found in the room occupied
by A. H. Pyle of San Francisco, secretary
of the National Committee of the Silver
party, before his death by drowning in the
Potomac River some time last week.
Burcham Harding, lecturer of the Theo
pophical Society and representine E. T.
Hargrove, president, had this to say:
"I have no doubt that the box you
speak of contains the usual private papers
which are issued by our society to its mem
bers, as Mr. Pyle was one of our mem
bers.
"It is evident to my mind that he in
tended the box to be delivered to the
president of the society, for at the time
the direction was written Mr. Judge was
our president. Mr. Pyle evidently ne
glected to change the address after the
election of Mr. Hargrove recently.
"I wrote a letter this evening to the
authorities at Washington, asking tnem
to Bend the box here. I incorporated in
my letter the request that if this could
not be done they would at least hold the
box. ' '
BARON FAVA'S INQUIRY.
The Italian Embassador Asks for Official
Information Regarding the Recent
Lynching in Louisiana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 11.— Baron
Fava, the Italian Embassador, who is
lummering at Bar Harbor, has tele
graphed the State Department, in accord
ance with cabled Instructions from his
Government, asking for official informa
tion regarding the lynching of three al
leged Italian subjects in Louisiana as re
ported in the newspapers. The State De
partment has promptly called on the Gov
ernor of Louisiana for a full report of the
Dccurrence, in order that a suitable reply
can be made to the Embas~ador. If it can
be found that that the Italians were nat
uralized American citizens the inquiry will
stop, as the Italian Government can no
longer take any interest in the affair, but
if, as in cases of similar lyncnings of Ital
ians in Louisiana and Colorado, the men
ire shown to be aliens to the United
States, an indemnity will undoubtedly be
Jemanded and Congress asked to appro
priate for that purpose, as it diei in former
nstances. Until the Governor of Louisi
ana makes his report no furth er action by
Italy can be expected.
♦
JUMPS A FIFTY-FOOT TRESTLE.
Frightful Accident to a Party of Section
Men While Riding a Handcar on
a Kentucky Railroad.
WINCHESTER, Ky., Aug. 11.— A fright
ful accident occurred near hero to-day, by
which two men were instantly killed,
another hurt so badly that he d^ed a few
hours later and two others so severely in
jured that small hope of their recovery
is«ntertained.
The accident happened on the Lexington
and Eastern railroad. Early this morning
a handcar left here in charge of Foreman
J. Quinlan. Accompanying him were
four section hands. Everything went
along smoothly until Walker creek trestle
was reached. At this point there is a
slight down grade, and the car went ahead
with great velocity. Quinlan remon
strated with the men who were running
the car and tried to get them to check the
speed.
His remonstrance, however, was too
late, and just as the car reached the trestle
the speed was so great that it jumped the
track and dropped on the rocks, fifty feet
below.
Edward Sparks and Marion Chattman
were instantly killed.
John Chattman was terribly mangled
and lived but a few hours.
Foreman Quinlan and bis son received
severe injuries, and it is very doubtful if
they will recover.
News of the accident reached town a
few hours after it occurred, and aid was
dispatched to the scene as quickly as
possible.
Co- Operative Tailor Shops Open.
JffiW YORK, N. V., Aug. 11.-Sixty co
or<yative shops were opened this morn
ini by the Brotherhood of Tailois, em
pi«jriug 800 men.
WAS BRYAN RETAINED?
An Omaha Paper Insists That
He Was Employed by
Silver Kings.
The Income From His Law Practice
and Newspaper Work Would
Not Support Him.
OMAHA, Nkb., Aug. 11.— Bee will
to-morrow print an editorial entitled,
"Was Bryan Retained? 11 which concludes
as follows:
"The inevitable logic of the peculiar
combination of circumstances under which
Mr. Bryan has for two years been em
ployed exclusively as an advance agent of
the silver kings is that he has been re
tained ana remunerated for his services.
Everybody hereabouts knows that Mr.
Bryan has had no known income except
from his own earnings. His law practice
has always been insignificant. His edi
torship of an Omaha paper was nominal.
He performed no work for the paper be
yond a few casual contributions, and the
paper was not in a position to pay a salary
to any one who did not earn it.
"Without visible means of support and
no capital to draw from, how was it pos
sible for Mr. Bryan to travel tens of thou
sands of miles from one end of the coun
try to the other on his speech-ma King
tours, and to spend weeks at Washington
lobbying for the silver interests without a
retainer? With what did he buy several
thousand dollars' worth of stock in the
Omaba World-Herald, if not with the pro
ceeds of his free silver agitation? Nobody
pretends that Mr. Bryan would have been
committing a crime if he did accept a re
tainer from the bonanza syndicate or
bimetallic league, which has notoriously
retained other gifted orators and states
men. As a lawyer Mr. Bryan has a right
to take all the retainers he can persuade
the people to pay him. The only point of
public concern is whether or not the silver
candidate for the Presidency of the United
States has always been an unselfish and
unbought champion of legalized reputa
tion." .
ARMED ITALIAN STRIKERS.
Four Hundred Men Organize to Drive Out
Workers in Pennsylvania Limestone
Quarries.
NEWCASTLE, Pa., Aug. 11.— The su
perintendent of the Carbon limestone
quarries notified Sheriff Becker this morn
ing that 350 armed Italians were march
ing toward Newcastle from the scene of
the strike at Carbon and Hiiltown.
There were about 400 in line armed with
guns, revolvers, picks ana clubs, and the
leader, Benjamin AUerhouse, said it was
their intention to march to Newcastle and
compel the men employed in the Sheep
hill quarries to quit work.
The gang marched to Bessemer, where
they stopped a force who were operating a
steamshovel. It was decided to postpone
the raid on the Newcastle quarries until
to-morrow.
The strikers held a mass-meeting this
afternoon to complete the organization
for the raid. Sheriff Becker will organize
a force to send out in the morning in case
of further trouble.
FATAL RAIL WAY COLLISION
- Careletmess of a
Train- Dispatcher.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 11.— A fatal
collision took place this morning at the
Sandusky street crossing between the
regular passenger train on the Toledo and
Ohio Central Railway due here at 9:30
o'clock and a yard engine. The two
engines met head on and were badly
wrecked. The baggane and mail cars were
thrown down a steep bank and badly
smashed.
Charles Vance, the engineer of the yard
engine, was crushed to death. Charles
Culiison, engineer of the passenger train,
and his fireman, William St. Clair, were
fatally injured. None of the passengers
were injured.
To-day Train-dispatcher Pond and Op
erator Friesner of the railroad were ar
rested and charged with manslaughter.
There is no doubt that a mistake was
made at the train-dispatcher's office, and
that one of tne men there is responsible
tor the fatal collision.
NORTRER N PACIFIC RATES.
The Road Disregard! the Irantconti-
nental Agreement.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 11.— Chairman
Caldwcll has made a ruling requiring tbe
Northern Pacific to rescind the action it
has taken in relation to the basis of rates
from all points south of Portland, Or., up
to A«hland, inclusive, to Portland and the
Missouri River and beyond via Portland.
Under this ruling the Northern Pacific is
practically in contempt of the transconti
nental agreement, to which it is a party.
The Northern Pacific some time aeo
asked for authority to meet Southern Pa
cific rates. Th« chairman asked for de
tails, which the Northern Pacific neglected
to give, and at the end of five days put
■the rates in effect. This action w"a9 ob
jected to by Chairman Caldwell, he hold
ing that the Southern Pacific rates are
agreed rates and not to bs considered as
competitive rates. Meantime the North
ern Pacific continues to use the ne wrates,
regardlese of the chairman's ruling.
TMHJ SAN ±KA]NCISCO CAI^L, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
TO FORTIFY THE
PACIFIC COAST,
General Miles Submits His
Plans to Secretary
Lamont.
BIG GUNS ARE COMING.
San Francisco One of the First
Points That Will Receive
Attention.
FIVE ARTILLERY STATIONS.
San Diego, Mouth of the Columbia and
Pu?et Sound Also to Be
Protected.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. IL—Ma
jor-General Miles has recommended to
Secretary Lamont a more comprehensive
plan in raeard to the fortifications of the
Pacific Coast and the distribution of artil
lery troops than was originally believed.
General Miles said to Tbb Call corre
spondent to-day that one of the first ports
to receive the attention of the war authori
ties would be San Francisco. It is the in
tention to locate five artillery stations
around that city — Point Lobos and Lime
Point (on both sides of the Golden Gate),
Alcatraz Island, Fort Canby and Black
Point. General Miles said that guns were
being received at each of those points
which would necessitate the presence of
batteries to take care of them. He expects
that the stations at these places will each
be garrisoned by several batteries of
artillery.
It is plainly evident and, in fact, Gen
eral Miles admitted that there will have
to be an increase of the artillery forces
stationed on the Pacific Coast. At present
there is only one regiment, the batteries
of which are distributed along the coast at
tbe Presidio, Alcatraz Island, Fort Canby
and Fort Mason. Battery Gof this regi
ment is stationed at Fort Monroe, on the
Atlantic Coast.
In addition to the places mentioned
around San Francisco General Miles has
called tne attention of the department to
the need of artillery stations and garrisons
at San Diego, the mouth of the Columbia
River and Puget Sound. At San Diego
there is a post, which is garrisoned by one
company of infantry. Guns are being
placed in position for the defense of that
city, and General Miles desires the depart
ment to station an artillery force there.
Fort Canby, at the mouth of the Columbia
River, has too small an artillery force,
there being but two batteries of the Fifth
at that poi;it, and General Miles believes
that an increase will shortly be impera
tive. Fort Mason is also a point where
additional batteries should be stationed.
Pnget Sound is without a battery of ar
"tillery, notwithstanding the immensity of
the industries located and which are being
established along that waterway.
General Miles recommends the station
ing of a large artillery force at points
along the sound where batteries are being
located, and in order to carry out his
recommendation it will be necessary to
erect quarters at some of the points for
the accommodation of troops, conse
quently the department will have to spend
a considerable sum in preparing for tbeir
reception should the Secretary deoide to
adopt the suggestions.
It is expected that the Secretary will
take up the question of redistribution of
the artillery force in the fall. In the mean
time gossips at the War Department are
speculating as to the force of artillery
which will be transferred to the Pacific
slope. One battery of the Third Artillery,
stationed in Texas, maybe sent to the
West, as there is no intention on the part
of che authorities at the present time to
fortify the Gulf coast. If this oattery goes
the probabilities are that the entire regi
ment will be quartered on the slope.
THE TREASURY SITUATION.
Disbursements So Far During the Month
Double Receipts— Reserve
Again Dwindling.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 11.— With
one-third of August passed the Treasury
situation does not show that improvement
that was reasonably hoped lor. The re
ceipts foot up $9,360,000 and the expendi
tures $19,655,000, leaving a deficit so far of
$10,295,000. It is probable that this deficit
will be lessened somewhat before the end
of August.
The gold reserve at the close of business
to-day stood at $107,104,281, a decrease
since August 4, when the reserve reached
Its recent maximum of $3,670,000. Then
the reserve stood at 110,782,000, built up
from $89,669,000 on July 23, its lowest re
cent point, by National banks contributing
$26,300,000. . .
Since July 23 the legal tender notes held
by the Treasury, which were paid out for
the gold paid in and which are redeem
able in gold on presentation, have de
creased from $87,890,000 to $69,250,000.
Since July 1 the Treasury has redeemed
in gold $21,000,000 of legal tender notes
presented for redemption.
! : .' " . ♦ ' . - . ..
JiEKIJSQ BJgJi MATTERS.
Diabandment of Uncle Bam'a Patrol
I lent Ordered.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Aug. 11.-Orders
have been given by the Treasury Depart
ment directing the disbandment of the
Bering Bea patrol fleet on or about the 15tli
instant. Ail of the vessels, with the pos
sible exception of the revenue cutter Wal
cott will return south at that time.The Wai
cott will leave Bering Sea for the Pacific
Slope about November L, her presence In
the North Pacific waters being desired to
prevent any attempts at pelagic sealing up
to the date of her departure.
That the cutters forming the patrol
have been doing excellent work is evinced
by the fact that they have covered about
29,000 miles up to the present time, and
this figure will reach 50,000 before their re
turn. A large number of vessels have
been overhauled and boarded, and upon
being found to be without evidence of
illegal sealing have been allowed to con
tinue their voyage. Others have been
warned against committing the offense.
One vessel has been seized for pelagic seal
ing. Captain Hooper, commanding the
fleet, who has made his headquarters at
Unalas&a, has reported to tbe department
that seals are plentiful thiß season north
of Pnbyloff Islands.
For the purpose of securing further
knowledge of the habits of the seal, and
such other facts as may be of interest in
the care and preservation of the animal
tbe department has assigned Lieutenant j
Deotte of the Revenue Cutter Service to
duty on St. .Paul's Island. He will have
general supervision of the Government's
interests tiaere. The assignment was made
on Deotte's application, and the authori
ties were glad to grant it, as they are.anx
ious to obtain all data possible which bears
upon the sealing question. Lieutenant
Deotte will re.-nain on St. Paul's Island
during the entire winter, and upon the re
turn of the fleet next spring will rejoin bis
ship. His information will be used in con
junction with that of tne expert commis
sion appointed by President Cleveland in
an effort to convince Great Britain of the
views entertained by this Government In
the matter of seal protection.
It is stated at the State Department that
no reports have readied it in regard to the
movement Russia is said to have inaugu
rated looking to the protection of seals by
international agreement. The United
States has not been approached by the
Russian Government on the subject. It
is possible that the matter may have been
brought to the attention of Minister
Breckinridge, the diplomatic representa
tive of the United States in St. Petersburg,
but if this is so that official has seen fit to
send in his report by mail instead of by
caDle. It can be said that the United
States would be willing to enter into any
agreement with foreign Governments
loosing to the protection of the seal, pro
vided it contained reasonable guarantees
that it would be carried out and that
American interests as well as those of for
eign nations would be protected.
Paeifle Coast Patents.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 11.— Pacific
Coast patents have been issued as follows:
Daniel Best, San Leandro, CaL, carbure
ter; Joseph J. Hall, Los Angeles, Cal.,
window; T. J. Murray, Grub Gulch,
miners' implement; Frank H. Pfluger ,
Portland, tank; Clement J. Schuster, San
Francisco, steam beer faucet; Charles A.
Smith, San Francisco, airship; T. W.
Thierkoff, Redding, Cal., force pump;
Thomas Willing, Astoria, Or., centrifugal
cream separator and purifier.
SEVERAL BANK FAILURES
Peculiar Condition of the Money
Market Causes Suspen
sions.
D?positors Will Be Paid in Full When
Securities Can Be Real
ized On.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 11.-The Mur
ray Hill Bank, doing business on Third
avenue, one of the oldest State banks in
tbe city, has closed its doors- A notice
states that the bank was closed pending
an examination of its affairs. The bank
has deposits of $1,250,000, which it is be
lieved will be paid in full. It is under
stood that the bank was compelled to sus
pend because it had to take a good deal of
real estate for loans.
BOSTON, Mass., Aug. 11.— W. H. Tre
worky, wholesale dealer, has made an
assignment for the benefit of his creditors.
No statement of assets and liabilities has
yet been prepared, but it is understood
that the liabilities are in the neighborhood
of |200,000.
DULUTH, Minn., Aug. 11.— The Se
curity Bank of Duluth, one of the largest
banks in the State, closed its doors this
morning. A notice was posted on the
door, saying: "Heavy and unlooked for
withdrawals of deposits, and the impossi
bility o! making speedy collections com
pelled us to close our doors."
The iast statement of the bank deposits
on July 22 was $329,324. The officials say
that they expect to pay depositors in full.
The failure caused considerable excite
ment, and other failures are feared.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. LL— North & Tay
lor, private bankers, who did business at
959 West Madison street, suspended to
day. The banks depositors are working
men and the total amount of their sav
ings is placed at $100,000. The firm had a
capital of $50,000.
Charles A. North and Luis D. Taylor,
the partners, have been in business for
several years. They were compelled to
discontinue because of the extraordinary
condition of the money market and in
ability to realize on securities. Depositors
are promised full payment. The Equitable
Trust Company was appointed receiver.
TO REPOSE AT HONOLULU
Kate Field's Remains Will Not
Be Brought to This
Country.
Miss Lillian Whiting's Tribute to the
M?mory of Her Beloved
Companion.
BOSTON, Mass., Aug. 11.— Miss Lillian
Whiting, an intimate friend of the late
Kate Field, returned last week from a
European trip and to-day made public the
following letter regarding a report tnat
she had sent lor Miss Field's body to be
exhumed and forwarded to her here in
Boston:
In the flrit overwhelming sorrow for the loss
of the earthly presence of my most beloved
friend when the tidings reached me In Paris
and made me feel that "the world's great space
held nothing but a vacant place" ; in this first
shadow of a great grief, I wrote instantly to
Misj Field's cousin aud dearest relative,
George Riddle, and also to Consul-General
Mills at Honolulu expressing my earnest wish
that the casket containing her mortal form
should be brought to Mount Auburn and her
grave be made beside her parents and other
relatives buried there. This was merely an
earnest wish, not a command, which I had no
right to give; but when I came to know of that
wonderful outpouring of love and devotion
to Kate Field by the people of Howaii then I
came to fully concur with Mr. Riddle's decision
that the casket should receive final burial in
the lot of one of Miss Field's nearest friends in
Honolulu, Mrs. Wilder, who wrote begging
that this might be granted. And to the cousin
who was dearest to her and other of her
nearer friends have fully accepted this ar
rangement.
I have united with Mr. Riddle In letters to
the San Francisco papers, begging that their
action cease, gratefully as their interest is ap
preciated. To her grave lam soon to mafce my
pilgrimage, to meet the friends whose tender
devotion to her has so comforted those who
knew and loved her here; to study the scenes
whose beauty delighted her eye and often en
gaged her pen. I have returned from Europe
In midsummer in order to the more quickly
set off on thiß Journey— one that though
sacred ihould not be wholly sad. Kate Field's
richly versatile genius transplanted to more
favorabla conditions will find Us perfect flow
ering in the life beyond and her mortal form
will lie undisturbed under that flower-laden
tomb in Honolulu. Lillian Whiting.
The Brunswick, Boston, August 11.
SENSATIONAL DISPATCH.
An English Warship Said to Have Seized
an Is/and Owned by Mexico for
a Coaling Station.
MEXICO CITY, Mex., Aug. 11.-A sen
sational dispatch from Colima says it is
reported there that an English warship
has seized Clarion Island as a coaling sta
tion. The island forms part of the Revilla
Gigedo group. 300 miles west of the Mexi
can Pacific Coast. Mexico's ownership of
the island has not been hitherto disputed ,
and the Government here believes there is
no truth in the rumor.
REPUBLICANS IN
LINE IN KANSAS,
Indorsed the St. Louis Plat
form and the Nom
inees.
FREE COINAGE OPPOSED.
the State Convention Conducted
on the Plan of a Camp-
Meeting.
SINGING AND SPEECH-MAKING.
Most of the Local Candidates Were
Quickly Nominated by Ac*
clamation.
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. IL— The Repub
lican State Convention opened here to-day
in Methodist camp-meeting style, 30,000
delegates and visitors uniting in singing
the new version of the popular hymn,
"Throw Out the Life Line," led by Rev.
John A. Bright of Topeka. Sheld^p was
elected chairman, which foreshadows the
renomination of Governor Morrill on the
first ballot.
While the convention was called to order
at 4 o'clock, it was 6 before it proceeded to
business, the committee not being ready
to report until then. The intervening
time was occupied with speech-mating,
among those who addressed the conven
tion being ex-Senator Ingalls. The reso
lutions submitted and adopted indorsed
McKinley and Hobart and the National
platform and disposed of the money ques
tion in the following additional clause:
"Republicans of Kansas believe in
sound money. We favor the use of silver
and paper in the largest measure consis
tent with the maintenance of the equal
debt paying and purchasing power of all
our money.
"We are opposed to the free and unlim
ited coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to
1 by this country alone, because it means
silver monometallism, a debased currency
and the destruction of our National
credit."
The nomination of a candidate for Chief
Justice was next in order and four names
were presented to the convention. The
first ballot resulted as follows: Dave Mar
tin (the incumbent) 288, Nelson Case 138,
C. T. Graves 140}^, T. F. Garver 297^ A
recess was then taken until 9 o'clock.
When the convention reassembled Gar
ver was nominated.
All of tbe opposing candidates to Gov
ernor E. N. Morrill withdrew from the
contest and he was nominated by acclama
tion.
E. H. Richter of Council Grove was
nominated for Lieutenant-Governor. The
ticket was completed by renominating by
acclamation W. O. Edwards for Secretary
of State, F. B. Dawes for Attorney-Gen
eral, Otis Latherton for Treasurer, Ed
mund Stanley for State Superintendent,
Geoige C. Cole for State Auditor and R W.
Blue for Congressman-at-iarge.
A State Central Committee was elected
and the convention adjourned.
McKINLEY'S POPULARITY GROWS
Prominent Chieagoant Interested in the
Cause of Protection.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 11.— Chairman
Hanna spent one part of to-day at tbe
Auditorium Hotel and in his office at
headquarters around the corner in varied
conference and discussion with politicians.
The other part of the day was passed in
the private offices of Chicago's big Repub
lican manufacturers, merchants and other
large employers of voters, notably amonsf
the latter being P. D. Armour. Mr. Ar
mour has consented, contrary to his usual
non-partisan attitude, to beoome an active
worker for the Republican ticket, as well
as a liberal subscriber to the campaign
fund.
Mr. Hanna has met with success in get
ting the beads of several large business
houses to spread the gold standard doc
trine, not only among their employes, but
to bring influence to work among the peo
ple they have dealings with outside of
Chicago.
Colonel W. C. Haskell of Cleveland ar
rived to-day and assumed his position of
sergeant-at-arms of the National Commit
tee. He was accompanied by Major W.
C. F. Dick of Akron, Ohio, who is Mr.
Hanna' s private secretary at headquarters.
New rooms were secured for the chair
man's personal use to-day by the vacation
of tenants, but there is general complaint
of insufficient room for some of the de
partments.
Senator Brown of Utah was one of the
callers at headquarters from outside of
Chicago. He said: "Some Republican!
in Utah are off on the silver question, but
I think they will vote for McKinley for
his protection principles. The wool-grow
ers are for protection to a man and most
of the Mormons have been won over on
the tariff issue."
The Railway Age reports letters from
Chief Arthur of the Engineers' Brother
hood and Grand Chief R. E. Ciark of the
Order of Railway Conductors, stating they
were personally working for the gold
standard ticket.
Ex-Congressman Roswell G. Horr, who
is stumping Nebraska as a National Com
mittee speaker, reports that he found the
situation there far different from what it
had been reported in the East and that
the State was going to go for McKinley.
Chairman Roberts of the State Com
mittee of Kentucky called to tell the cam
paign leaders that the outlook for Repub
lican success in Kentucky is excellent and
improving.
Captain Tanner, Republican nominee
for Governor of Illinois, left to-night un
der medical orders for South Haven, Mich.,
for an indefinite period. A closer examina
tion of his injuries has revealed three
broken ribs as a result of the recent runa
way accident, in which he was thrown
from his carriage.
PRESIDENT HARRISON IN LINE
Will Speak at a Republican Meeting in
. . . Setv Tor ft.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Aug. \ ll.-Ex-PreB
ident Harrison has decided to soon take
the stump in behalf of Bound money.
This determination he announced I in ■■ a
letter t ' to ; General ' Powell - Clayton, which
the latter received to-day. -X The .= letter is
dated August 10, and ; in it ex-President
Harrison states that he will make a speech
in this city at any time during the month
of August that the RepuDlican National
Committee may : select. General Clayton
at once telegraphed his : acceptance of the
offer, and fixed August 27 as the date.
The hail has not yet been selected.
ifMAKERS OF MEN ! !
» '■ a
S ___^^___^___ °
C You have clear eyes. CATAKRH OF THE KIDNEYS AND %
U You have active brain. BLADDER. o
U You have no drains. , Catarrh of the kidneys and bladder re- a
l o You have regular bowels. suits in two ways— by taking cold; o
U You have no nervous twitchings. second, by overworking the kidneys in o
C You have no blueness. separating from the blood the poisons a
U You have a clear complexion. that have been absorbed from catarrh, o
' o You have good appetite. which affects all organs. a
U You have vim, energy. «Do your bands and feet swell?" o
|Jo You are a complete man. "is this more noticeable in the morn- o
|g When you use iD ?\re they cold and clammy?" o
P- The Great Remedy Treatment- «}. B™r&V«^dS^r 2
C HUDYAN. • "Does a deposit form when left stand- o
j £ _—,V -Is there a desire to pet up at night?" =>
Jo "Do you see spots floating before the °
lo This remedy is made by the old doctors eyes?" . . „, °
1» of the Hudson Medical Institute. No "Are the eves dull and starine? »
iJo one else can give you HUDYAN. No one "Is there a" tad taste in mouth? »
|Jo else has HUDYAN. . , ♦ "Have you pain top of head? «
! C Call or write for circulars. ~ $£« ttAlmlVStfi
! Jo "Is the skin dry and harsh?" <*
I fa — - "Is the hair dry and brittle?" °
1° 4r ( _ ...... "Is there nausea after eating? . <*
U Nervous Debility, ; « Has the perspiration a bad odor?" °
U Nervous Prostration, "i there pumness under the eyes?" °
£ Brain Faff, «. Are there dark rings around the »
U ' "Wasting; Disemes. eves?"
U Spermatorrhoea, >., l 3 the gkln pale ana dry r »
]© wlih. "Have you chilly feelings down the °
]» Call or write for free testl- back?" „, °
° menials.. "Do the joints pain and ache? 5
© mo "Do the legs feel too heavy?"
0 , If you wish to regain your health and °
]<* . . .;:. , • strength use the GREAT HUDYAN. You °
C. DISEASES' OF THE SKIN. can get it only from us. a
£'■ All Forms of Skin Disease Result Vflllß I 11/£R °*
U From Poisons in the Blood. IUUII LlVklli O
C -, ■, , » •>• TjIVER — Furred tongue. o*
C ''Is your skin dry and scaly?" tTVER-Drow.y feeling- o.
<° "Have you a shiny, oily nose?" Ttvi.i>_HnrUin»nniiph d
C "Do the' pimples itch and burn?" tiVKß^Pain n^ieht B gide. 3
C "Is your skin sore and cracked?" LiVEK-Pain in region ofllter d
C "Does your skin itch intensely?" i!ivrSljaund"o " 5
C ■ ' ■ "Does your scalp itch and burn?" TTVFKT.How.kia 2
C "Is your skin rough and cracked?" tIIEK-Yellow_slwn. a
C "Does skin feel hot ana swollen?'; If you are suffering from Liver Troubles o
E you ban be cured^ f^A-^ «
i C "Do your legs feel.hot and burning?" LIVER BOOK .' °
jC. "Have you prickling pains in the s*in7" If you live away from city. o
i C "Have you pimples on neck and . ■ ,4
i (t chest?" TAINTED BLOOD. ©<
jC? "Is facedotted with dirtylittle specks?" IMIIN IG U DI-UUL». °
! C "Do nose, lips and ears itch intensely?" TAINTED B T OOI> First, secondary 3
C "Do crusts and scabs form on your TAINTED BLOOD and tertiary forms 2;
C skin?" TAINTED BLOOD of blood disorders &
C "Have you pimples on back of shoul- TAINTED BLOOD are manifested by a
C ders?" TAINTED BLOOD Copper- colored 2
| C "Are the lumps on face sore to the TAINTED BLOOD Spots, Itching o
j C touch?" TAINTED BLOOD Skin, Irritated, a
C "Is skin alongside nose red and con- TAl>Tvd BLOOD Dry, Parched o
C gested?" TAINTED BLOOD Throat, Ulcers in a
C "Does skin of your face look and feel , TAINTED BLOO'> the Mouth, Falling a
Cj oily?" TAINTED BLOOD Hair and Bad 3
C "Have you flat, red-looking 4umps on ta INT *■ D BLOOD Blood. When in &
iU face?" TAINTED Bi.oon this condition you o
U'..' '.'Have you yellowish pimples on your TAINTED BLOOD must act prompt- a
C face?" TAINTEO BLOOD ly. The best to do oj
C, "la there scaly, itchy eruption on eye- TAINTED BLOOD is the sure 30-day 3
C, brows?" ..-, •:•) . . : • TAINTED blood cure Call or write d
C "Have you pimples on your face that -TAINTED BLOOD for the a
(T fester?" . '. 2
C "Have you pimples on face with black " : ' AA n „ «• i : <-.
6 "Trio. you should learn about the ' 1 30-Day Cnre Cirenlaa : S
C GREAT HUDYAN REMEDY-TREAT- :•"•• V "
g M remedy can be had only from the HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE %
C Hudson Meaical Institute. lIUUUUH ITiLUIUrU. 1110 111 U 1 1, a
C Stockton and Market Sta. . J
H* HIJDYAN — "When you are nervous, 2
1° Call or write for HUDYAN — all unstrung, freak, de- °
C _^ ___«.- '■— m. JiL:-:** m— . HUDY AN— bilitaUd, have a fp#lin * °*
f 3 Cl/IM DflMu T HUDYAN— of lassitude; when you a
■C OlXllN DUUIAt HUDYAN— are premature, you «
!/° I HtJDYAN— should use the Great <=•
r* - HUDYAN— Remedy, °
g . Remember Hudyaii cures permaaently HXJ~ID"!ir'_A-]Sr °!
£ NO FAILURESI Call or write for circulars. 3
I HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE :
jo STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS. o
C° 9_o^QPJL&iLPJULPJUUUUIA^
HOLOCAUST AT
NEW YORK CITY
Many Lives Sacrificed in
Burning Electrical
Works.
SCENES OF WILD DISMAY
Faces Are Seen at Nearly Every
Window During the Awful
Conflagration.
BODIES LIB ON FIRE ESCAPEF.
Frantic Cries for Help Are Forever
Smothered by the Heat
and Smoke.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 11.— There
was a fatal fire this afternoon in the build
ings at 465, 467 and 469 Greenwich street,
occupied by the A. U. Warren Electric
Repair Works and a number of smaller
firms. In the excitement attending the
outbreak it was at first estimated that at
Jeast thirty lives were lost. Some of those
reported lost were afterward accounted
for. The accurate number of victims
will not be known until the ruins are
searched. It is believed that the death
list will prove to be fifteen or seventeen.
While the firemen were fighting the
flames the forms of two of the victim*
conld be plainly seen on the firo escapes.
Five men and boys were injured while es
caping from tne burning building. They
were taken to the Hudson-street Hospital,
mangled and burned.
What caused the fire is not known, but
it is believed to have been started by an
explosion. It is known that an explosion
occurred a few minutes before, and the fire
spread like a flash, beginning at No. 465
and cutting off the escape of many. The
firemen who first reached the scene of the
conflagration say they saw a number of
men at the windows appealing lor help,
but before any attempt at rescue could be
made they fell back, exhausted by the
heat and smoke, and all are supposed to
have perished from the flames.
Altogether there were about thirty-two
men employed by the Warren Company.
There were twelve on the sixth or top floor,
eleven on the fifth, four on the fourth and
a couple in the oriice on the ground floor.
The list of killed and injured cannot be
compiled at this time. It will be several
hours before the ruins are cooled suffi
ciently to allow the firemen to enter.
From stories told by those who claimed to
have been near when the first alarm was
given faces were seen at nearly every
window. That at least four are dead in
the ruins there can be no doubt, for their
charred bodies lie exposed to view on the
fire escapes of the third and fifth stories.
Two others, one a girl, were seen to fall
back in the flames overcome by the smoke
before tbe fire touched them.
The injured, as far as known at this
writing, are:
Felix Haas, slightly injured.
Thomas Sharkey, burned on the head
and arms.
Unknown man, unsconscious, will prob
ably die.
Eugene Greenwood, boy, slightly
burned.
Cummings, badly burned and back
apparently broken ; jumped from fonrtn
story window and, striking the structure
of the L road, fell to the ground ; will
probably die.
Among the dead are W. M. Gray, fore
man of tbe electric works, and Esthei
Finstein, also an employe.
WARM J>EKSO> AMITIES.
Trouble XarrowTu Arrrted at a Souih
Carolina Campaign Meeting.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Aug. ll.-A Sun
special from Union, S. C, says: At the
campaign meeting here yesterday a per
sonal encounter between Governor John
Geary Evans and John F. Duncan, candi
date for the United States 8enate, was
only prevented by Sheriff Long of this
county stepping between them.
Duncan was making an attack on Evans'
record, asserting that he got $15,000 in a
deal by which the State bonds were re
funded, and also trying to iroplicato him
in the receiving of rebates on the whisky
purchased for the dispensary. Evans re
marked to a bystander that Duncan could
not tell the truth. Duncan sprang toward
him and had got within strikincr distance
when the Sheriff shoved him back, Dun
can then charged Evans with taking dis
pensary constables around at tho State's
expense to protect his cowardly bones.
He also declared that Evans re/used to
sign a statement denying that he told
Liquor Commissioner Nixon that Tillman
had lined his pockets with dispensarv re
bates.
AFFA.IRB IN CRETE.
A 7*'" ' Revolutionaru Govern-
tnent Una Keen Established!
LONDON, Eno., Aug. 11.— The Daily
News publishes a dispatch from Athens,
saying that the Cretan revolutionary camp
at Campos has declared the Reform Com
mittee dissolved and has established a
provisional revolutionary government, at
the head of which as President is Gero
kostaros Voiondakis, who headed the
Cretan embassy to the Berlin Congress.
He is 92 years old, but is hale and hearty.
HEW TO-DAT.
BiCYCLES!
Big Reduction in
Second-hand
Bicycles.
We are going to close out our
stock of these machines in the
next thirty days. Call and
examine them or write for
price-list.
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
344- POST STREET.
COLUMBIA BICYCLERY,
1970 Page St., Near Stanyan.SCHOONER AND
CREW MISSING,
The Prosper, With Eighteen
Miners Aboard, About
Given Up.
SHE TURNED BACK ONCE
Captain Nels Ho m Refused to Go
in Command the Second
Time.
STARTED FOR ALASKAN MINES.
All the Miners Were From Oakland
and They Had a Bad Attack
of Gold Fever.
The little 25-ton schooner Prosper is
missing and there is weeping and wailing
in eighteen Oakland homes in conse
quence. She left here last Aprii for Cooks
The Little Schooner Prosper That Started From Oakland for Cooks Inlet With
Eighteen Miners Aboard Last April. Nothing lias Been Heard From Her
Since and She Has About Been Given Up for Lost.
Inlet and nothing has been heard from
her since. As vessels that left here after
her have made the run to Alaska and are
again back in port, it is no wonder that
the little craft is given up as lost.
When the Alaskan golci fever was at its
height last March a party of men banded
themselves together for a trip to the new
El Dorado. They were all Oaklanders and
each one thought he would make a suc
cessful miner.
A pool was formed into which each man
put $100 and the schooner Prosper was
bought. She was only 23.20 tons net bur
den. 45 feet long, 14 feet 6 inches broad
and 6 feet deep.
Nevertheless the miners thought her
plenty big enough to carry them to
Aiaska. No thougnt was given to pos
sible storms and preparations went on
apace.
On April 8 all the provisions necessary
ior a year's stay In the Arctic and every j
man's kit was aboard. At noon Captain
Nels Holm took commond and a start was !
made. All went well for a time and then !
the -chooner sprang a leak. She was run ;
inio a sheltered cove 800 miles from San:
Francisco and an attempt was made to j
repair her. it was a failure, and as Cap
tain Hoim refused to go any farther a
start was made for San Francisco.
On arriving in port the schooner was I
taken to Oakland Creek, arriving on April j
20. She was docked and repaired and .
Captain Holm was again offered the com- j
mar.'i. He positively declined and warned j
the men against attempting to reach j
Cooks Inlet in such a frail craft. They ;
persisted, however, aud secured Captain j
Quentin to navigate their vessel. They |
sailed on April liß and nothing has been \
heard of them since. Dozens of vessels :
have been to Cooks Inlet, and some of j
them are there still, but not one of them i
has ever reported having seen the schooner '
Pmsper.
Captain Swan of the Theobald sailed j
almost the same time as the schooner and '
he reports very heavy weatner on the way j
up. Sails were blown out of the bolt ;
mpes, everything movable on deck wa
washed overboard and the bark had an
exceedingly rough time ot it. If the !
Prosper encountered the same weather as i
the Tneobaid the impression on the front
is that the heavily laden craft would not
live an hour.
The original owner of the Prosper was
C. F. Bender and the men who purchased j
and started for Alaska in her were:
M'COY'S ANNIVERSARY.
He Has Been Fifteen Years With the
V. M. C. A Money Pledged
for the Debt.
In June, 1895, the Young Men's Chris
tiaa Association of this Ci;y found itself
by reason of financial depression, and
largely through failure to realize en the
sale oi its property on Sutter street and
other possible assets, in debt over $150,000
above its resources. A heroic effort was
made at once by the board of management
to raise This sum, no money to be called
for until at least $100,000 of the amount
was secured in good pledges. Tiie $100,000
mark was reached June lo Jast. During
the yeir in which this work was being ac
complished a large amount of inter* »t
accrued, and the Dupont street bonds on
the Sutter street property had to be pro
vided for, as well as running the work of
the institution at its new building, corner
Mason and Ellis streets. Qver $-
cash of the $100,000 has already been paid
in and other payments art? being made.
Probably v.ithin a short tine the entire
aruount'of $100,000 will be pa d.
The young men of the assuc ation met
last evening to consult together as to how
they might help the board of manage
ment in raising the balance of the money
necessary in order to dedicate the build
ing free of encumbrance. The meeting
was called to order by General Secretary
McCoy and J. A. Percy was elected perma
nent chairman and W. D. Dehy secretary.
A statement was made and the situation
thoroughly discussed. Several hundred
dollars were raised among tne members
present and it was resolved to take im
mediate steps to assist in raising a sub
scription as soon as possible amon-: tneir
own members and to reach otucrs on tbe
outside who wouid be Jikely to contribute.
A committee of fifty young men, to be
known as the members committee, has
been appointed nnd it was unanimously
agreed that a determined effort should be
made continuou.-ly to increase the mem
bership ot the ; : s«>ciation.
The meeting was one of the most enthu
siasiic held in the building in many
months, and from the interest manifested
iast evening it is evident tne young men
mean business and will accomplish good
work in the way of helping to raise the
balance of the debt, as the building can
not and will not be dedicated until every
cent of indebtedness is paid.
A special committee was also appointed
to confer with the directors at their next
meeting, Monday evening, August 17.
The occasion marked the fifteenth anni
versary of Mr. McCoy's connection with
the San Francisco association as general
secretary. The following music was pre
sented during the evening: Music by the
Columbian orchestra, Fenton P. Foster,
director; fancy Indian-club swinging, by
H. L. Dietz, M.D., physical director of the
institution; readings, by Dr. Thomas L.
Hill; songs, by Professor Crepaux, mem
ber of the Paris Grand Opera, and charac
ter duet by J. J. Morris and C. L. Parent
tFr. Remarks were also made by Samuel
Foster, treasurer of the association.
McKINLEY VETERANS.
Another Rousing Gathering: In th«
Fifth Congressional District.
At a large and enthusiastic meeting of
veterans and their sons held last evening
at Swiss Hall, corner of Mission and Four
teentii streets, the McKinley Veterans'
League of the Fifth Congressional
District was organized, with the
following officers: Colonel, E. McCor
niick; lieutenant-colonel, L. B. Marks;
i major, Frank Clark; captain of Company
A, Henry Barrett; captain of Company B,
John Ryan; captain of Company C, F. A.
Bianchard; captain of Company D, Will
iam Boiwin ; orderly sergeant, Thomas
Regan; quartermaster, I. A. Beasey. Coi
! onel McCormick stated that it is the inten-
I tion ot the league to canvass every precinct
in the district, enroll the veterans and
■ their sons and organize companies in
every city and tnwn in the district.
He urged everybody present to constitute
| himself a recruiting sergeant to bring sol-
I diers into this league of freedom, which
j is to fight this time for the liberation of
the white man from industrial slaver}-, as
they did for the release of the black man
from bondage in the late war. He ad
monished all true patiiots to stand b}' their
colors and fight for the election of
[ their comrade, Major William McKinley,
for President, and the reopening of the
workshops and factories, that the twenty
million idle American workingmen may
find employment. In conclusion he said:
The question of the free aud unlimited coin
age of silver is one -which has a particular per
sonal meaning for all of us who are so unfortu
nate as to be in the receipt of a pension, for its
effect will be to reduce tnose pensions by one
ha'.f. We will receive our pensions in silver
dollars and they will buy just one-half of
what they do now.
The following preamble and resolutions
were adopted with great enthusiasm:
Whereas, The Democratic administration
tinder Grover Cleveland hus closed the work
shops and factories of the United States end
has brought the working classes on the brink
of starvation, and whereas, a Democratic ad
ministration under William J. Bryan would
bring financial ruin to the Nation and reduce
the already low wages of the working classes,
and the pensions of the veterans and their
widows and orphans to half by the issuance
aud unlimited coinage of a debased silver cur
rency; therefore be it
Betolved, That our thanks be tendered to the
Hon. Mark Hanna, the chairman of the
National Republican Committee, for his un
tiring and successful efforts to give the peotile
a chance to elect Major McKinley, the father
of prosperity. President, and banish hard
times, save the country for American citi
zens, give employment to American labor
and create peace and plenty once more in the
United States; and be it further
Rennlved, That we thank the Hon. John D.
Spreckels, our National Comtnuteeman, for
the advocacy of the renomination and re
election of Eugene F. Loud, our able, ener
getic and influential Congressman, that he
may once more aid in passing effective tariff
laws to revive our industries, employ our
labor, foster our products and re-establish our
commerce and the iost prestige of American
shipping on the ocean, that it may no longer
continue to be a cipher in the commerceof the
world; and be it
Jiegnlved, That w;e, the Veteran Soldiers of
the Fifth Congressional Discrict, and our sons
will do ali in our rower to further the election
of our comrade, William McKinley, and Garret
A. Hobart fjr President and Vice-President,
and the return to Congress of onr fellow-vet
eran, Eugene F. Loud, that sound money and
prosperity may prevail in the United States.
At the ending of the readme Captain
Aueuat Kreuzer, with the Swiss Veterans,
came marching in and participated in the
enthusiastic cheering for the resolutions.
A committee was appointed to arrange
for a mass-meeting in the nearfuture, and
to print an address and send a copy to
every veteran in the district, urging them
to join the league. The meeting ad
journed with three rousing cheers for
Comrades William McKiniey and Eugene
F. Loud, the friends of the veteran sol
diers and the workingmen.
SPRECKELS RECOGNIZED.
The Mohawk Club Indorses Him
as Local Leader of the
Campaign.
The Mohawk Republican Club held its
regular meeting last night at its rooms
on the corner of Eleventh and Harrison
streets.
Speeches for McKinley and protection
were made by John T. Dare, T. Maher and
George Elder. Great enthusiasm prevailed
during their progress.
It was resolved to recognize John D.
Spreckels as the local leader of the cam
paign.
It was further resolved to bold a grand
rally next Saturday evening, and George
O'Brien, Charles Pa^e and If. Downing
were appointed a committee of arrange
ments.
Alta Club Social.
At last night's meeting of the Alta Re
publican Club at the Pythian Castle
spoeches were delivered by Judge Low,
John T. Dare and Dr. E. Callaghan.
Messrs. Heffernan, Callaghan and Dizon
contributed a number of vocal and instru
mental selections, whicb pleased the large
attendance as much as did the eloquence
of the orators. Resolutions were adopted
indorsing Eugene F. Loud for Congress,
and the meeting adjourned witii three
cheers for the Republican ticket.
An Insolvent Hatter.
C. N. Stewart, a hatter, yesterday filed a peti
tion in insolvency. He owes f3407 93 and has
no assets. His principal creditor is the estate
vi M. Meusdorffer, to which $1300 is due.
Loans on diamonds. . Interest low. At Uncle
Harris'! 15 Uraut avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
TUBERCULOSIS IN
DUCK'S LIVERS,
Strange Discovery of Vet
erinary Surgeon
F. A. Neif.
BIRDS BADLY AFFECTED
The Matter Has Already Been
Reported to the Board
of Health.
CHICKENS MAY BE DISEASED.
An Exhaustive Investigation Similar
to the Cattle Tests Is
Probable.
Dr. F. A. Neif, the acting veterinary of
tue Board of Health, reported at the
Health Office yesterday a discovery that
has astonished and alarmed tbe authori
ties and one that will lead to an exhaust
ive investigation in a field heretofore un
explored. • •
Since being prodded into an investiga
tion of the cause of the numerous cases of
tuberculosis that show every month in the
reports of the Health Office the inspectors
of the board have unearthed many cases
of the dread disease among the dairy
cows from which milk is supplied to this
City, the discovery leading in some in
stances to the destruction of almost entire
herds.
It was known that, while the milk from
these cows was not particularly dangerous
unless the disease was in an advanced
stage, the flesh was particularly danger
ous and great care has recently been ex
ercisea to stop its sale or removal from
slauehter-houses where the cows were
killed.
Now a new problem presents itself to
the board, which is to prevent infection to
human beings through the poultry that is
sold in large quantities in the markets.
Dr. Neif has a friend who keeps ducks for
both pleasure and profit, and he recently
sent the veterinary a pair to be fattened
and eventually grace the table at the Neif
domicile. The birds were apparently in
fine condition, and no ducks ever received
better care or more fatteninz food than
did the pair of Pekins, but for some mys
terious reason they did not increase in
bulk to the extent that the expenditure of
food would seem to indicate. After wait
ing for a reasonable length of time Dr.
Neif decided that he would ascertain by
drastic measures the cause of their back
wardness, and yesterday morning the fate
of all edible ducks was meted out to them.
The doctor's scalpel did the rest, aud
then tbe cause of the trouble was laid bare.
The livers of both birds were found to be
badly affected with tuberculosis, tbe nod
ules that mark the progress of the disease
being plainly visible in both. Where or
how the ducks acquired the germs of the
disease is a mystery, unless through the
food they ate, and the question that now
confronts the board is the extent to which
ducKs are subject to the scourge and how
it can be eradicated if found to be preva
lent in duck ranches.
It is hardly practicable to try the tuber
culin test on the stock of the many duck
ranches that exist in and about the City,
and the board is in a quandary. Again, it
seems by no means certain that if ducks
are affected chickens are not also subject to
the disease. The chicken ranches would
be far harder to rid of tuberculosis than the
duck ranches, and Dr. Neif's discovery
seems to have opened up a line of inquiry
that will lead to no end of trouble and ex
pense.
The veterinary has the livers of the
ducks preserved, and will make tests to
ascertain how the germs may best be de
stroyed.
As far as is known this is the first time
that tuberculosis has been discovered in
domestic fowls in this locality.
TRIBBLE IS EXONERATED.
The Charge of Negligence Is
Not Sustained by Captain
Bermingham.
Not at Fault in the Averted Collision
B tween the San Rafael and
the Tiburon.
Supervising Inspector Bermingham
reached a decision yesterday in the case
of Captain W. T. Tribble, charged with
negligence in handling the steamer San
Rafael. His report is as follows:
Steam-vessel Inspection Service, )
Office of supervising Inspector,',
First District. C
San Francisco, Cal., August 11. 1896. '
In re complaint of Lewis R. Gerstle et al. to
the United States Local Inspectors of Steam
vessels, July 14, 1896, against Master and Pi
lot W. T. Tribble oi the ferry steamer San Ra
fael for negligence, unskillfulness and inat
tention to the duties of his station while in"
charge of the San Rafael on the afternoon of
July 11, 1896.
This case was partially heard by the local
board on July 11, 1890. The death of Inspec
tor of Hulls Trtlbot of that board July 21 ter-
I minated the duties of said board, and there
being no prospect of the immediate appoint
ment of his successor, the United States Super
vising Inspector of Steam-vessels for the First
District, after due notice to the complainants
and the defendant, heard the case by taking
the testimony of witnesses on both sides, first
on July 27 and subsequently for the conven
ience of the witnesses on July 29 and August
3, 1896. '^QBQSBSHtIBSMVPtiMI
From which it appears that the ferry steamer
San Ratael, Captain W. T. Tribble, the defend
ant in charge, backed out from-her slip near
the foot of Clay street in this City at about
3:15 P. M., Saturday, July 11, 1896.
A vessel then passing ciustd her to
back farther than usual, ' so when she
straightened up she was about 1200
to 1500 feet off the City front, headed toward
Alcatraz Island. The Tiburon. a double
ended ferry-boat, Master and Pilot H. R White
in charge, left her siip, situated sixty yards
more or less south of that left by the San Ra
fael five or six minutes before, and steamed
down closer in shore than the San Rafael.
The weather was clear, and the tide on ;. that
day was recorded high water small at 1 34
p. m.. low water small at 6:05 p. m., rise and
fall 4.7 feet, so must have been at that time
one-third ebb. There seemed to have been no
obstructions in the paths of these two vessels,
which, owing to their positions on that occa
sion, necessarily crossed each other; as, after
passing the northeast side of Alcatraz Island,
up to that point practically a straight course
from their points of departure on this side,
and that point being reached, the course of
the San Rafael lay about two points farther to
westward to reach her destination (Sausali to)
than did that of the Tiburon to reach hers
(Point Tiburon). » •
Tne northeast end of Alcatraz Island bears
about northwest 3£ west distant two and a half
miies from th« slips oi thes- steamers on this
side, and about one and a half miles distant
from Lombard-street wharf, frequently men
tioned by witnesses. . :
Captain H. K. White, in charge of the Tibu
ron, testified as follows: r
"' The mate was steerninir. I took the helm and
veered out from the dock (Lombard street). When
I noticed the -San Rafael we were going along In
that shape (Indicating), ■ then ' I threw my wheel
starboard, and at that time sht (San Rafael) came
up alongside of v nearly.: I - slowed : my '• boat
down, stopped her, and, as the San Rafael went
by, I gave her two mrns back.
Captain White subsequently testified that
the San Rafael crossed h-.s bow on a 1> 2 ' to 2
point course, but on being asked by Captain
Tribble, "Did I change my course any?' f an
swered "I do not know." Later on Captain
White testified, "She (San Rafael) came right
up and crossed our bow as soon as I slowed
down." Of course she did, the way his boat
was then headed.
Charles Gustafson, mate of the Tiburon, for
the prosecution, testified that he was in the
pilot-house with Captain White. His testi
mony was so contradictory as to be of little
value one way or the other.
H. C. Langrehr, for the prosecution, testified
that he was in the pilot-house of the Tiburou
by invitation of Captain White, and when
somewhere 200 feet off Lombard street Captain
White suddenly rose up and looked behind him.
Beyond his paddle-wheel from the pilot-house,
there was a steamer by the name of San Rafael
going along. Captain White took his wheel,
pulled the bell and said In a very solemn, dig
nified manner, '"Let her go by."
Captain Tribble when asked by the court if
he had changed his course at any time, an
swered, "Not one hair, sir." George ilello
wich, mate of the San Rafael, who was In her
pilot-house at the wheel, testified that her
course was not changed. The testimony of
these two officers w»s strengthened by the
testimony of W. R. Kidd, an English ship
master, who was seated aft on the Sen Rafael,
as he stated, beside Mr. Doane, who remarked,
"I wonder where she (meaning the Tiburon)
is going to?" Kidd testified that he theu
looked over and saw the mke of the San Ra
fael was straight, indicating that she made no
change in her course, and then he noticed the
Tiburon when she came within thirty or forty
feet from the San Raiael back her engines and
stop. He was positive the wake of the San Ra
fael was straight.
Captain McKenzie of the Sausalito testified
that he was coming over from Sausalito and
saw the San Rafael and Tiburon about half a
miie distant, the latter, as it appeared to him,
lapping on the quarter of the San Raiael,
abait her wheel. All at once he saw the
Tiburon sheer off four to live points to pass
around the San Rafael's stern, which she did.
The testimony of the witnesses as to the rela
tive positions of the two steamers from the
time they left their slips until the stoppage of
the engine ot the Xiburon issomewhat conflict
ing.
Their courses were nearly parallel, converg
ing from the distance between them off Lom
bard-street wharf, say 400 to 500 feet, about
150 yards oa the northeast point of Alcatmz
Island, distant about one and a half miles.
There was little or no difference in the speed
of these vessels in their then condition. They
were not racing— the opinion oE the booth. act
ou the San Rafael (who, a witness state!,
threw down his brushes and exclaimed,
"There is a race on") to the contrary not
withstanding.
The officers in charge ol these respective
steamers on that occasion should be the most
reliable witnesses as to what transpired. The
evidence of Captain White, it w;h be noted, is
very contradictory iv itself, while that of Cap
tain Tribble is straightforward, especially as
to the fact that at no time before the stoppage
of the Tiburon did he Ctiange his course. Cap
tain Kidd testified to that fact. There is not
the slightest doubt in my mind about that, so
any maneuvering for a change of sides on that
occasion was resorted to wholly by Captain
White, who, seeing that be could not distance
the San Rafael, concluded to pass under her
stern, so put his wheel to starboard for that
purpose, got it a little too far over, and, it not
being fitted with steam-steering gear, hecould
not meet her with her helm, and finding that
he \ras getting too c^ose on the San Raiael he im
mediately rang tne engine bell to slow, stop and
back his engine. Tne ringing of the bells
seriously alarmed many ot his passengers, not
ably the complainants, ail respectable gentle
men, who, like Mr. Gerstle. seeing the posi
tion of the two steamers aiter the head of the
Tiburon had got around to the east of north,
thus bringing the San Rafael three to four
poiuts across her bow aud not very remote,
naturally concluded that it was the San Rafael
that had changed her course in order to cross
the bow of the Tiburon. They were of course
much *larmed, held an indignation meeting
&nd drew up the complaint in this case against
Captain Iribble. Why did not Captain White
file a complaint with the local inspectors, as it
was his duty to do, if the San Katael put her
helm astarboard to cross his bow without giv
ing the proper signal? No possible reason can
be assigned for such a course on her part.
Captain White knew that she did not attempt
to cross his bow; to the contrary, he by an
oversight brought her across his bow and j
failed to notify tne complainants of his error, j
which would have avoided the trouble that
has been unnecessarily brought about by this
trial. He did not do it. but seemed to prefer
assisting in the prosecution of Tribble in the
examination of this case, in which he acted as
prosecuting attorney, and failed sadly in |
bringing out a single fact advantageous to the i
prosecution.
The complainants have. In my opinion,
failed to establiuh satisfactory proof oi their
charges against Captain W. T. Tribble, who
has been erroneously wronged by them. The
complaint against Captain Tribble in this cssi
is therefore dismissed without any prejudice
to him whatever. John Bermixgham,
Supervising Inspector First District.
SHOT IN THE EYES.
Tonne Percy Moore the Victim of a Sad
Hunting Accident.
Percy Moore, a young gentleman well
known in San Francisco society, was the
victim of a sad accident last Saturday
which may deprive him of the sight of
both eyes. He was accidentally shot by bis
friend H. Chase with a charge of fine shot.
Young Moore and several companions
went to Mintum for an outing and a dove
shoot. It was agreed by the young men that
a part should shoot on one side ot a small
lake and a part on the other side. Also
that while the sportsmen on one side were
shooting those on the other side should
pick up the game.
Mr. Cbase came upon the scene with his
gun without rnowinn of the prearranged
plan, and while Mr. Moore was gathering
up dead birds Mr. Chase fired at a low
flying dove. The dove fell and so did
young Moore, who upon being picked up
was found to have been shot in the face
and eyes with the small pellets. He was
removed to the house where the party
was stopping, and afterward to his
mother's home, at 2607 Caliiornia street,
in this City. His condition is such as to
prevent the removal of the shot from his
eyes. Whether bis eyesight can be saved
remains to be seen.
Ship Party Up the Bay.
Captain Politeo, master of the ship Spartan,
entertained a party of friends on board hig
ship last Sunday by a trip to the coal bunkers
at Port Costa. After a very pleasant hour as
special guests of Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall at
the home of her brother, D. W. Kennedy of
Port Costa, the party was taken 'n charge by
'Captain Thomas C. Lockyer, am, an enjoyable
return trip home made on the tug Hercules.
Among those on the trip were: Captain Poii
teo. Miss Mamie Politeo. Matthew Politeo,
Joseph Politeo, Thomas Murphy, Miss Kittie
Murphy, Miss Sadie Martin, Mr. and Mrs. H. C.
Wyman, Mr. and Mrs. John T. McMillan, Mrs.
Arthur W. Cornwall, John Bowone, Mrs. Reta,
Dunn, Mrs. Captain Lockyer, Ira J. Harmon,
Mrs. oeorge H. S. Dryden. George H. Beachei,
Miss Fannie Shea, Miss Kittie Toher, Mr. and
Mrs. F. W. Boole, Mr. and Mrs. W. Hunt, E. H.
Parrish. Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Parrl'-h, Miss Leas,
Frank Runyon, P. A. de Veuve, Mrs. Van
Winkle and daughters, Mr. and Mrs. H. Phil
brook.
Altgeld Not »n Anarchist.
Andrew J. O'Conor, formerly a law partner
of Comptroller Eccle« of the United States
treasury, arrived at the Palace yesterday and
registered from San Diego, where he has been
for some little time settling tht- affairs of two
National bunks that had gone into the hands
of receivers.
"Four years ago," said Mr. O'Conor, "I
brought out Altgeid, that is, I championed his
campaign and placed him in nomination ior
Governor of Illinois. He is one of the ablest
men in this country, a lawyer of ability and a
millionaire. But it is one of the greatest mis
takes that ever became current to suppose that
he is an enarchist. That is all political stuff
got up by opponents. Attgeid was a Judge at
one time and ue made an enviable reputation
for the remarkable integrity and strictness of
his decisions."
Bryan Club Organized.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of those
favoring the tree coinage of silver, 16 to 1,
and the election of Bryan and Sewall.was Held
at Larkey Hall, Filbert and Webster streets,
last evening.
The name of "Bryan and Sewall Silver Club
of the Forty-first District" was unanimously
chosen as the name of the club. Ninety-three
names were subscribed to the roll.
A permanent organization wag effected.
Promised support was given to the club by all
present. H. M. Owens was elected president,
F. X. L»rke7 secretary and John Bryan treas
urer.
The Corriveau Cage.
H. W. Westphal was before Judge Coffey
yesterday, engaged in explaining the entries
in the stock book of the ice company in which
he is interested. It is believed that it was
ihrougn fraudulent manipulations of this
stock that Louis Corriveiu was swindled out of
most of his property. The investigation will
be resumed to-morrow.
RUNAWAY COUPLE
WEDDED AT SEA,
Captain W. G. Gage of the
Hettie B Again in
Demand.
THE BRIDE UNDER AGE.
An Angry Brother Stood in the
Way of a Quiet Church
Wedding.
A SHORT HONEYMOON FOLLOWS
Then Will Come the Reconciliation
and All Will Ba Peace and
Happiness Again,
The little steamer Hettie B is now the
popular boat with runaway couples. At
one time it was the tug Millie, then there
was a run on the Ida W, and next the
The I ittle Gasoline Steamer Hettie B, on Which Lizzie McDonald and John P.
Bonham, a Yonng Runaway Couple, Were .Married on the High Seas
Yesterday.
Belvedere had her turn. Now the rush is
for the handsome little craft that used to
run between San Pedro and the Catalinas
with excursionists. Captain Gage is an
adept at tying the knot, and perhaps that
has something to do with it. Then, again,
he is young and handsome, and that also
may be in bis favor. Be that as it may,
three runaway couples have been made
happy by matrimony on the high seas
within a fortnight on board the Hettie B,
and two more weddings are to come.
Late last Monday afternoon a bashful
young man approached Captain Gage and
asked him if he would perform the mar
riage ceremony on ;he high seas for him.
He frankly admitted that the young lady
he was about to marry was under age, but
said the parents consented.
The girl's bro ther was the stumbling
block, and he had sworn to shoot the
groom on sight if he ever married nis sis
ter.
After some persuasion the captain
agreed and a start was arranged for 8 a. m.
yesterday. Promptly at that hour the
bride, Miss Lizzie McDonald, and the
groom, Joi.n P. Bonham, put in an ap
pearance. They were accompanied by
Mrs. D. L. Maxwell, Mrs. E. G. Streeter
and C. F. Faber, and ouce the party was
aboard the steamer was got uuder way.
It was a beautiful day and the sea was
as smooth as glass, so no one was seasick.
After stealing out to sea tor four hours
the Hettie B. was stopped and Captain
Gage proceeded to perform the marriage
ceremony. He followed the ritual of the
Church of England, and after placing a
handsome diamond ring on the bride's
finger he called nor Mrs. Bonham and
gave her the first kiss, much to the cha
grin of her husband.
The marriage certificate furnished Dy
Captain Gage is as follows:
On Nkctbal Waters of the*
Pacific Ocea\. j
I hereby certify that I believe ihe facts
stated to me to be true and that upon due in
quiry there seems to me to be no legal impedi
ment to the marriage of John Perry Bonham
and Lizzie McDonald, and thwt the same
parties were joined by me in marriage on the
11th day of August, 1896, in the neutral
waters of the Pacific Ocean.
Then followed the signatures of the
witnesses and finally that of Captain W.
G. Gage. The return trip was as pleasant
as the outward one and the bride's health
was drunk in sparkling champagne.
Early to-day the young couple will start
on a short honeymoon trio and will then
return home. They both come from
Towles Station, about two miles from
Dutch Flat. Had it not been for Miss
McDonald's brother they would have
been married at home and thus the ex
pense of a sea voyage would, have been
saved. All's well tuat ends well, however,
and Mr. and Mrs. Bonham certainly had
a most enjoyable trip to sea yesterday.
NEWSBOYS TO COMBINE,
They Will Test the Constitu
tionality ot the Transfer
Ordinance.
Frankie Degner Found Guilty Yester
day, but His Cas; Will Be
App a ed
The newsboys have entered into a com
bination to test the constitutionality of
the transfer ordinance and have engaged
A. L. O'Grady, a young attorney, to look
after their interests.
The case fixed npon for the test is that
of Frankie Degner, who was arrested
about two weeks ago for exchaneing his
papers for transfer tickets at Market and
Powell streets.
When the case was called before Judge
Jotchimsen yesterday morning Attorney
0 Cirady was present for the defendant and
Attorney Kelly represented the Market
street company. It was shown that Deg
ner dealt in transfers the day he was ar
rested and the court found him guilty and
ordered him to appear for sentence this
morning.
The Judge remarked that the newsboys
were not the only persons who violated
the ordinance. The passenger who offered
his ticket for sale was quite as amenable
to the law, in fact.uiore so.for he allured tne
newsboy into an unlawful business. Tbe
newsboy, of course, renders himself liable
for taking the transfer, and the individual
who purcaased it also violated the ordi
nance.
While the Judge hinted that he did not
think highly of the transfer ordinance, he
had to formulate his opinion in accord
ance with its provisions, and he therefore
found the defendant RUtity.
Attorney O'Grady said he would zive
notice of appeal to-day and also make a
motion for arrest of judgment.
When the case comes up for argument
in the Superior Court Attorney O'Grady
will contend that the issuing of transfers
is a mere privilege, and while the company
has the power of hedging around this
privilege certain regulations, no ordinance
is constitutional which makes the break
ing of these regulations a misdemeanor.
Gibbs Sued for Dental Work.
Judson D. Gibbs, the well-known promoter
of pugilistic encounters, who has managed
the affairs of the National Club on a number
of occasions, was sued in the Justice's Court
yesterday for $25, for dental work performed
by Clyde" Payne, an expert on molars, incisors,
etc The complaint recites that within two
years past the defendant has had a large
amount of dental work done at the Clyde es
tablishment, for which he refused to pay
though frequently asked to do so. The claim
was assigned to Edward W. Gunther, who
brings the suit.
Grand Jury at Work.
The new United States Grand Jury held its
first session yesterday, every member being
present Assistant United States Attorney
Schlessinger filed twenty-nine bills of informa
tion, sixteen of which were on cases reported
by Collector Wise and relating to the bringing
of lottery tickets into this country. The case
of Charles S. Favor, accused of impersonating
a Federal officer, was among the remaining
informations furnished. The Grand Jury
took no definite action in any of the matters
presented to them. It is noi probable they
will get down to actual work before next week.
WHAT SOCIETY IS DOING
A Very Jolly Gathering at the
Eayers Christening
Party.
Several Delightful Surprise Parties
of the Past Week— Personal
Notes.
Quite a number of friends and relatives of
Mr. and Mrs. George Eayers assembled last
night at their residence, 7% Harriet street, for
the purpose of celeoratiag the christening of
the latest addition to the Eayers family, a
healthy baby boy. The ceremony proper was
as usual periormed in church, but the jollifi
cation afterward took place at home. Songs,
recitations and dancing were on the pro
gramme, and a generous supply of solid and
liquid refreshments kept the comnany in a
pleasant humor until a late hour. Among
those present were the following: Mrs. May
McLau?hlin. Mrs. Thomas Stanton, Mrs. Ben
jamin Lundy, Mrs. Joseph Ley, the Misses
Josephine and Agnes Scully, Miss Sarah Dunni
gan, Thomas Stanton, Benjamin Luudy,
Thomas Cameron, James Scully, William
Uailey, Dr. M. C. Peel, Albert "May, John
Downey, Thomas Hersofi, Thomas Tb'irkettle,
Master Frank McLaughlin, Ray Havers, George
Eayers, Oliver Morosco, Louis Belmour, Leslie
Morosco, Edward Peters, Denny Muller and
Thomas Glynn.
A very pleasant surprise party was given
Sergean; and Mrs. John Martin at their home,
1157 Xoe street, Friday evening. August 8.
The evening was passed very pleasantly with
music, games and dancing. At midnight a
very inviting supper was partaken of in the
large dining hall. Among those present were:
Miss Alice B. Fosette, Miss Annie Giliether,
Miss Addle Gilfeather, Miss May Gllfeather,
Miss Bertie Stanley. Miss Kitty Getts, Miss Zoe
! Ketn, Miss Nita Broderick, ilisi Mamie Mc-
Xulty, Mr. and Mrs. RuUer, P. S. Martin, W. D.
W'ilkie, Miss Grace Kelly, Miss Rita Kelly,
Thomas McMillan, W. H. Collins, Seargant
Martin, Mrs. Martin, A. J. Tichner, E. E.
Aubry, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Kerri>on, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Stanley, Mrs. Kelly, Mrs. Charles
Aubry, Frank Martin, Bud Martin, Mrs. Lizzie
Worden, Mr. and Mrs. M. G. Johnson, Will
Nolan, Miss Else Aubry, Ollie Stanley, Charles
Stanley.
An enioyable surprise party w»s tendered re
cently to Miss C. Flynn at her residence, 1101
Mission street, by* her irieud Miss Mary
Sweeny. The evening was delightfully passed
iv singing, dancing and other amusements.
Among those present were the Misses
McCaffery, Misses P. Preasant, M. Sweeney, C.
Brown, L. Blarney, L. McDonald. M. Colbert,
M. Nolan, M.Fitzgerald, 11. Kennedy, M. shine,
! E. Addison, A. sale, E. McE.roy, E. Coughlin,
M. Small, J. Luceit. L. O'Hara, S. Dwyer;
Messrs. F. Dumont, F. Dignan, F. Scully, S Ly
cett, J. Sm«il, J. Courtlan, C. A^smusien, M.
O'Connell, W. Cadigan, N. Fitzgerald, F. Ma
lm, J. Clancy, H. Sale, W. Miller. J. Fitzcerald,
J. Connolly, J. Sweeney, J. Casey, R. Gaugh
ran, J. O'Brien. G. Cleary, D. Dumont, G.
Cheeny, W. Britt, G. Nichols, W. Collins, Mr.
Mr. SfeMemony.
Following is the list ot the latest arrivals at
Skaggs Springs from San Francisco: R. P.
Hammond, C. G. Clinch and family, George
R. Wells and family, J. A. Buck and wite,
Miss E. Buck, J. and W. Buck, Miss Blanche
Koran, Darrell Hoian, G. de Latour, Mrs. E.
Hahn, George W. Stamper, T. J. Welsh, Mrs.
C. H. Higcins, Chester Skaggs, Mr. and Mrs.
\V. D. Fennimore, C. H. Lamberton, Miss M.
E. Lamberton, J. schuler, Charles H. Atnearn,
H. W. Melendy, A. E. North, Mrs. E. Homan,
A. Russell Crowell and wife, W. R. Lar
zelere, wife and son; Ernest Hirsch,
A. C. Stuart, wife ana son; J. Coleman,
W. A. 800 l and wife. H. Z. Howard.
From Oakland— Mrs. C. E. Dr.tcher, Miss Ida
L. Lasiey, Edward Haven. From Santa Rosa—
Mr«. J. F. Muigrew, E. T. Mills, A. L. Fisher.
From Healdsburg— Mrs. Rose Austin, Miss
Dftisy Dietz, Miss Edith Dietz, H. Werner
Dietz, Dr. C. Weaver, Rev. J. Meiler, J. W. Wil
sou, E. M. Norion, H.W. Pierce, 0. J. Litchtield,
1 From Alameda — Louis Homeier, musical di
rector Maodonough Theater. From Alvarado—
J. G. Vanderpeer and wife. From Berkeley-
Mrs. S. A. Higgins. From Eimhurs'— Mrs. E.
J. Haney, Miss O. Kinsell. From Virgiui«,
Xev.— Mr. and Mrs. Frank Fredericks. From
Cloverdaie— A. Sbarboro and party (Asti col
ony), F. K. Merritt and wife, Miss L. Markeil
and party. From Dry Creek— Mr. and Mrs.
Board, Miss Neva Board.
Paso Robles is very crowded for this time of
tne year. Those registered for the week in
clude: W. W. Trage, Miss L. Hsrrington, Mrs.
William Jaffe, Mr. and Mrs. P. Luis. T. Dillon,
! *iie and children, J. T. Rader, P. Low, H. H.
Sevrie, G. W. Geauque, Judge Wilcox and wife,
A. M. Barne:. B. E- Levy, Mrs. G. H. Lux,
B. Siuheimer, J. F. Hugh, (J. H. Braum. P. H.
Fleming, T. Davis, L. .Honigsber, B. Ross,
Ponter, W. E. Dunning, W. Nelson. Mrs.
Sig Greeuebaum, Mr. and Mrs. Leopold
Michels, D. Sullivan, Thomas S. Finn, E. L.
Remford, Arthur Bray, J. T. Murphy, M.
Graves, C. A. How, Charles L. Clough, C. W.
Reynolds, S. Goodwin, C. H. Jones. Mrs. B.
Howard, Mrs. R. T. Emerson, Mrs. & F. Dixon,
R. G. Walter. J. P. Burns, W. H. Kin* C
Sprecklom, Dr. and Mrs. King, Captain Wil
liams and wife, Mr. and Mrs. J. Reynolds,
Major and Mrs. J. Hunt, Mrs. J. H. Whuin?
arid two daugnters, Mrs. M. Miller, Misses
Miller. E. F. Burns.
Among the recent arrivals at .Stna Springs
are: W. H. Young, San Francisco; Miss Lillian
E. Boynton, Napa; Georee P. Fuller, Carl
Wiihlmack, Charles L. Davis, Mrs. C. H.
Schmidt, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. William
Rennis, G. W. Schmidt, St. Helena; George
Johuson. Mevabel ; B. D. Gray, F. A. Malony,
E. C. Armes, Ban Fsancisco; H. E. Peterson,
Oakland; Mrs. J. O'Neil. Edward f onion. 1..
Fockers, San Francisco; Mrs. I. L. Requa, Miss
Requa, Piedmont; Miss Morgan, San Francises ;
Miss Palmer. Oakland ; Mr. and Mrs. R. 11. .-. -
vey, J. B. Bacon, Thorn.: • 7. Hovvalt, S. F.
Boroni, A. E. Raas, San Francisco.
Dr. Matte left for Europe Tuesday to be gone
several months. Duriug his absence he will
visit all the principal hospitals and pursue a
special clinical course under the most prom
inent professors of Paris. On the doctor's re
turn he will bring with him the newest things
in instruments and appliances.
Miss F. B. Slattery of the Postal Telegraph
Company left last Friday on the steamship
Willie Walla for a vacation to Europe, where
she will remain about three months.
The Misses Cherry started on their return
journey from Europe on July 29 and are ex
pected in this City about the 18th.
Mrs. Wehser and party, including Miss Gis
ela Wehser, Mis* Tilly Euphrat, Mrs. M. R.
Fleishman and Miss Elsie Simon, are sojourn
ice at Santa Rosa.
Mrs. M. Fabian returned from the East last
evening after a visit to her son, S. M. Fabian,
the California pianist.
Mrs. James H. Temple has returned from
Highland Springs, and will be at home on the
second and fourth Thursdays of the month at
1713 a Buchanan street.
The engagement is announced of Miss Minnie
Platz, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Platz,
to Will G. Koch. The wedding will take place
in the near future.
The Vargovienne Club will give its first party
of the season of 1896 at Bear Hall, 1901 Post
street, corner of Fillmore, Saturday evening,
August 22.
San Francisco Lodge No. 57, the National
Reserve Association, will give a complimentary
reception Wednesday evening, August 12, at
8 o'clock at Social Hall, Alcazar building, 120
O'Farrell street. Dancicg will begin at
9 :30 p. m.
Lower Rates on Potatoes.
Texans may soon be enjoying the consump
tion of California-grown potatoes. Beginning
on the 15th inst., the present rate of 75 cents
per 100 pounds on potatoes from California to
Texas points will be reduced to 50 cents. This
rate will continue in force until the 30th of
September. It will be put in operation for this
period in order to relieve the present glut in
the home market. Texas produces very little
in the shape of apples of the earth, and im
ports her supply mostly from ihe States bor
dering the great lakes.
Forty-One Team Old.
Ophir Lodge No. 21, 1. O. B. 8., will to-night
celebrate the forty-first anniversary of its or
ganization at B. B. Hall, at 121 Eddy street.
After the lodge meeting there will be a ban
quet, at which it is expected a large number
will be seated. The committee of arrange
ments consists of William Saalburg, Marcus
Levy, S. H. Simon, L. Levy, M. Kalmuk and M.
Kolimann.
Another Will Contest.
Frances A. O'Connor, widow of Jeremiah
O'Connor, who died recently, leaving property
valued at $6000. has entered a contest to the
probate of the will of deceased.
The widow was practically cutoff in the will,
which provided liberally for several children
of the testator by a former wife. Mrs. O'Con
nor claims that her husband died of apop.exy ,
and shortly after being stricken by the disease
was subject to undue influence on the part at
her stepchildren.
k_ .OH ° MORE REASON
i Amhlb I why you should take
| I|^j^r I a substitute for Joy's
I *^^V I Vegetable Sarsaparilla
JL" than you should take
VaaJi Vsw your own life. When
a man tries to force something else upon
you, be sure he is after the HON. Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla cures constipation,
liver and kidney affections.
Woman's Woes
Begin mostly where her joys begin. Na-
ture puts pain and pleasure in the same
place.
Womb troubles and all female ailments
have been most exhaustively studied by
Doctor Cook, and his universally success-
ful treatment of the many cases brought
to him is sufficient evidence of his excep-
tional skill. .
Also lost manhood and its train of evils
in young, middle-aged and old men, com-
pletely restored.
Call or write. You are assured of the
highest skill and the quickest possible
cure.
Office Hours— 9 to 12 a. m., 2to 5 and 7to
Bp. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. only.
Address
nnPTfIP pniW 865 market STREET,
UUU I till UU lift, Qpp. Powell, 3. F., Cal.
SPECIAL SALE
RQXBURY
BRUSSELS CARPET
LAID l7Pp a
LINED,/ jjjj YARD.
4 Rooms Furniturejolid oak, $75.
SHIREK -■& SHIREK,
HOUSE FURXISHEKS,
747 Market Street. Opposite Grant At».
Tilkpho.ni: 5:Jl»l.
Eft Cbleheater'* C»gH»h DUmood Rrui
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B -~tf»"~V Orle1o«l«nd Only •«■■!>«. A
y^^KVSk ■ATI. »Iw»ji r<-:l»BU. LABICS atk il\
£JC (Mktt DruidUt tor ChU\ctt*ri *n«!u» 1««.«V\
grand in Uc4 »nd PoU raeUIIieVUET
Sh —^T&W tM>XM - I " l!ed """> * lu * ribbon. Take Yy
I*l 9^ Vjfao other. Rtfut* dan/trout nhitint. V
[' I ~ A? Uant and imitation*. At Drugfiit>, «r tni 4«.
I (» Jr to ntapl '"i _p«rtie>Ure. teitiaaniala *vi
\V* B " Rollef for Lallea." <a lute, retara
"-\ r if r IUU. V IO.OO© T-nlifflonilii. - Sam* Pa :r.
. V — -rchlth«t«»-C'iemlc*l
MA all Lc«*; Drueiinu. Ztllad-v, t>»
- v
r, opium
The par* essential extract from the native drag-. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without Us noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach;
no Tomit ;no costireneta , no heartache.' All Dmggjsta.
5«
3** rtn^J®! 1
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally end Sunday Call, one year, by mall.'. . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .85
Sunday Calx, one year, by mall I- 60
Wklkxy Call, one year, by mall ...«• *•«©
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you point to the country on a vacation ? If
■•, It 1* no trouble for us to forward THE CALL, to
your address. Do not let It miss you for yon will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Bnslness Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
S IT Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
880 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open v_i_
9:SO o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open nntfl 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
feW. corner SUteenta and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open nntU 9 o'clock,
116 Math street: open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Boo_t» SI and 82, 84 Park How, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 12, 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDKXT-
WILLIAM Mc-INLEY, or Oblo
FOB TICF-PKEIBIDEXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of Hew Jersey
ET,KCTION KUVKHBKR 3. 1896.
Gold Democracy is slow, but perhaps it
means to be sure.
Every prospect of Democratic success is
a prospect of a panic.
Mr. Watson will not even be offered a
reserved seat at the Bryan show.
For once in our history Democracy is
short of talkers. What are we coming to?
The Associated Press report that Hoke
Smith has resigned was harmless — nobody
believed it.
The cyclone may make the most noise
in the East, but the sunstroke gets there
just the same.
Bryan has an excuse for talking so mnch
in the fact that no one else appears willing
to talk for him.
To be a belle in tbe East the summer
girl must have a complexion that can
stand brimstone.
Bryan furnishes the amusement of the
canvass, while McKinley looks after the
business of the country.
Tbe Republican party saved the life of
the Nation in 1860 and it will save it from
disaster and dishonor now.
The stump-speaker wins the applause of
crowds, but when election day comes the
people vote for a statesman.
Cleveland ought to say something to the
gold Democrats, even if he does no more
than tell them how to cut bait.
When the Democratic march begins
there will be a great row to see which
faction has the head of the procession.
The trouble with the Democrats in pre
paring for a campaign of education is that
they haven't any speakers who can do the
educating.
Until the Democratic party shows some
ability to govern itself it is certainly un
fitted to be intrusted with the government
of the country.
According to Democratic organs and
orators every business man in the country
is a plutocrat and not one of them is worth
less than a billion.
The silence of the Democratic organs
concerning the Democratic State platform
is becoming conspicuous enough to mate
a noise in the world.
It is most appropriate that Bryan should
receive his notification at Madison-square
Garden. The building was erected for
hippodrome performances.
Bryan will be notified of his nomination
to-day, and if he has any sense he will
take notice that very few business men
will be in the crowd that watches the
performance.
One of the difficult thyips in this cam
paign is to find a California producer who
is willing to try any further experiments
with free trade, even with the sop of free
silver thrown in.
The American people will never repu
diate an obligation nor will they ever in
volve in financial dishonor the Govern
ment they have worked and fought to
build up and maintain.
International bimetallism will give a
much larger use of silver than could be
given it by this country alone, and there
fore the real friends of silver are in favor
of the Republican plan.
Workingmen wish their wages in sound
money, producers wish the pay for their
products in sound money, and only those
who do no honest work are willing to ac
cept payment in dishonest dollars.
The hot weather in the East may gen
erate a certain insanity of Bryanism in
the popular mind for a time, but the
people will cool off before November and
begin to think straight and think right.
As very few of the leading Democratic
orators appear willing to take the stump
in this campaign tbe Populist speakers
will have a chance to do all the talking,
while Democrats stand around and whoop
it up.
The California fight against the iniqui
tous refunding scheme is not a matter of
parties, and the force of anti-funding
sentiment will be weakened in Congress if
it is represented as an affair of partisan
politics.
If Bryan were elected and undertook to
fulfill tbe pledges of his party he would
succeed no better than Cleveland has done,
and the result would be simply a repeti
tion of what we have had for the past
*hree years.
WHAT IT MEANS.
Although the Chicago platform declares
for "the free and unlimited coinage of
both sold and silver at the present legal
ratio of 16 to 1" it is safe to say that not
even Bryan himself knows what "free and
unlimited coinage" means. The belief
seems to prevail among the advocates of
eilver coinage that with free and unlim
ited coinage of silver at 16 to 1 there
would be a demand for the silver of the
world for coinage purposes which would
immediately advance the price of silver
bullion to $1 29 an ounce, which would be
its coinage value.
The problem of free silver coinage by
the United States independent of other
nations should not be difficult to under
stand. The trouble with moat people is
they reason from false premises. Under
tree coinage the Government ia simpiy a
machine that takes 412>_ grains of stand
ard silver belonging to anybody and
changes its shape to disks and gives it
back without charce for its service. The
owner of the bullion has not sold it at all.
He had the bullion, but it is now in disks,
and the only advantage that accrues to
him by the change is that the disks are a
"legal tender for debts," but it has not
increased at all in purchase power. The
legal tender quality of no money makes it
obligatory upon exchangers of commodi
ties to accept it in the payment of bal
ances, nor is one obliged to sell his com'
modifies for what the Government calls
"legal tender money." As we have said,
nothing could be made a legal tender ex
cept in the payment of debts. A "tender"
is the demand a debtor makes for the can
cellation of his obligatiou. In no country
is legal tender money a legal tender in
a cash-down transaction. The right of a
seller to refuse the thing te ndered in pay
ment always obtains.
But the Chicago platform provides a way,
it thinks, to oblige the employment of
legal-tender money in all transactions. It
proposes "such legislation as will prevent
for the future the demonetization of any
kind of legal-tender money by private
contract." This proposition would merely
serve as a warning to commerce to be care
ful to provide for the payment of balances
and for the liquidation of bills, notes, drafts
and other forms of indebtedness at ma
turity in a given number of ounces of
bullion, gold or silver, of a specified fine
ness. The right to contract for the
payment of a debt in grain,
flour, gold, silver, or in any
other commodity, or in what is
designated "money," is the life, the sonl
and the strength of commerce the world
over; besides, it is the function of com
merce to control the price of the thing
legal-tender money is made of, and it is
never the function of legal-tender money
to control the price of the commodities of
commerce. Hence, while the law might
make 10 cents 1 worth of silver, gold or
anything else a legal tender to the sum of
$1 for debts, it could not make anything
a legal tender for cash or current com
mercial operations. There are some
things in this world that Bryan cannot
do, and one of them is to make a man
sell his goods for money or things that he
does not want.
BRYAN'S DILEMMA.
It is an evidence of Bryan's lack of men
tal penetration that he goes about the
country repeating over and over the state
ment that the Republican party cannot es
cape from what he considers to be the di
lemma of its position in favor of interna
tional bimetallism. If, says Mr. Bryan,
the Republican party believes the gold
standard to We good, why does it pledge
itself to obtain the aid of foreign nations
to overthrow it? and on the other hand if
it believes the gold standard to be bad,
why does it not support the policy of get
ting rid of it in the United States without
waiting fur an agreement with other na
tions?
That Mr. Bryan should consider this to
be a dilemma shows how slight and super
ficial has been his study of the money
question. He does not see that the objec
tion to the single gold standard is not
that it is a gold standard, but that it is a
single standard. The single silver stan
dard would be as objectionable as the one
we now have, and moreover the attempt to
shift from the one to the other would pro
duce a tremendous disturbance of every
trade and every industry. It would bring
on the greatest crisis known to our his
tory and result in an industrial and finan
cial revolution that would overwhelm
shops, farms and houses alike in one wide
sweeping and immense disaster.
The desire of the great majority of in
telligent financiers in this country and in
Europe is to restore bimetallism or the
double standard, as it is sometimes called.
This means tbe use of both gold and silver
as the basis of credit and as the means of
adjusting the balances of commercial
transactions. It took all the leading na
tions of the world to destroy the bimetal
lic system of money and it will take them
all to restore it. So long as England
alone demonetized silver its value as
money was not affected, and if we alone
remonetize it we cannot put it back where
it was. At the present time the strain of
the single standard weighs heavily upon
all nations and there are good reasons for
believing all can be induced to unite with
us in throwing it off, but if we act alone
we will lighten the burden on Europe by
enabling her to get our cold cheaply,
while we will have to bear the whole
stress and strain of tryine to lift op silver
to a parity with gold by our unaided ef
forts.
Bryan's famous dilemma, therefore, is
no dilemma at all. The Republican party
objects to the gold standard because it is a
single standard, and it objects to any reck
less resumption of the free coinage of sil
ver, because that also would lead to a sin
gle standard after a prolonged period of
panic and disturbance. The Republican
party favors the restoration of free coinage
of silver by international agreement, be
cause that means bimetallism and the use
of both gold and silver. Bryan should
stick to his rhetoric and let logic alone.
His dilemmas are weaker than his meta
phors.
MANAGER GORMAN.
No doubt Chairman Jones of the Demo
cratic National Commute*? is to be made a
mere figurehead. He is an able man and
a good campaign manager, but he has been
fighting Populists too long and worked
the tissue ballot against them too often
to be trusted in the delicate work of win
ning them over to the Democracy, Gor
man is the man for the position of general
manager, and the committee knew their
man when tney selected him to be chair
man of tbe executive committee. Senator
Gorman entered politics as a page in the
United States Senate and he has nerer
worked a day at any other trade. More
over, with Gorman the end always justifies
the means.
The fact, however, that Gorman is not
in sympathy with the Chicago platform,
and tbe importance of recapturing his own
State, may make him a dangerous man to
manage Bryan's campaign. Maryland
completely under his thumb is of much
more consequence to Gorman than the
election of Bryan, aud, again, he would
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
not be loyal to Bryan or any other can
didate who would not guarantee a certain
amount of Feaeral patronage. As i 9 well
known, Gorman is a protectionist so far as
iron and coal are concerned, and he is al
ways willing to work for protection in any
industry whose friends will return the
compliment by voting to sustain his own
industrial ventures.
On the money question Gorman has al
ways been what is called a " goldbug." His
associates are men who do business in Wall
street, and he is always ready to show his
friendship for them when in the Senate.
That is the man who has been selected to
manage Bryan's campaign. If a strong
effort is made all along the line to elect
Bryan it will be safe to assume that a deal
has been made wliich will make Bryan
Gorman's property if he is elected. On
the other hand, if enthusiasm is turned to
indifference, no further evidence need be
wanted to prove that Gorman is knifing
the Nebraska man at every turn of the
road.
WAVES OF HEAT.
It is estimated that more than 1000 peo
ple have already been laid low by the fury
of the heat wave which is now sweeping
over the middle and Eastern States, and
the indications are that the end is not
yet. Like the coming and going of tor
nadoes and cyclones, this death-dealing
march of fierce heat appears to be beyond
human power to turn aside. The terri
tory which is suffering so terribly holds
more than half of the population of the
United States and very much more than
half the wealth and social splendor, but
natural law is blind in its operation and
it crushes and grinds — and it compensates,
too.
If one were to set to moralizing upon
the disasters by flood and storm and heat
which have overtaken nearly the whole of
the country east of the great mountain
sanges in recent months, he would see in
it all an awakening of human sympathy
and a diversion from the pursuit of per
sonal advantage which he would set down
as a gain to the people in all the ways
that lead to loftier standards of fellowship
and interdependence between the many
threads which compose the social fabric.
As yet it is hard to believe that such visi
tations of distress and suffering are really
needed to make men turn aside from their
greedy rush after things that perish that
they may see how very shallow and nar
row are the avenues of going and coming
which separate the children of earth.
We whose lives are cast in the cool and
the cheer and the plenty of the Pacific
Coast, and who walk amid flowers and
fruits all the time, must faii to appreciate
the havoc that is being wrought in the
East by the same sun that looks upon us
in the morning from snow-oapped moun
tains, and closes the eyelashes of the even
ing as it sinks to rest upon the bosom of
the mighty waters beyond the Golden
Gate. But, nevertheless, a stream of sym
pathy goes out, and in the hearts of ail
our people there is a sincere wish that
some of the beauty and the glory and the
charm and the health-bearing: atmosphere
of California might, be the heritage of the
land beyond the desert.
MRS PRESIDENT KRUGER
Johannesburg News.
During the recent hubbub about the Trans
vaal and its President scarcely any mention
has been made of Mrs. Kruger. Plain though
Mrs. Kruger is in the matter of dress she has
her little vanity. She positively refuses to see
a visitor who may happen to call before she
has "tidied up."
The tidying up takes place in the afternoon
and con sis is of putting on her best black gown
with trimmings. Mrs. Kruger, like all Dutch
ladies, is very domesticated, and her chief In
terest in life is to see how much she can save
upon the housekeeping; in this she is quite
the typical hulsvrouw. She likes to be neat
and tidy before visitors, and the general un
tidiness of her husband distresses her exceed
ingly.
Mrs. Kruger is famous for her coffee, with
which visitors are always regaled when they go
to the Presidential residence in Pretoria. Mrs.
Kruger thinks she makes the best coffee of
any good huisvrouw in Pretoria, and she
boasts that she can make a tin of condensed
milk go further than any one else. Mrs. Kru
ger, while thinking the President the great
est statesman tbe world hag ever seen, takes
no sort of interest in politics. Anything her
husband tells her in connection with politi
cal matters she unhesitatingly accepts.
Needless to say, she is not troubled with any
of the notions of the new womau, and she
considers she must be obedient to her hus
band. In conversation she always aadresses
the President as Oom, and he in turn calls her
Tanta. They are believed to be a happy
couple.
NO DRY ROT COMPETITION.
Tulare Register.
Borne of our more or less esteemed contem
poraries are worried over the Inconsistency of
indorsing the National Republican platform
and supporting avowed advocates ol the free
and unlimited coinage of silver heresy for Con
gress. So far as this district is concerned Re
publicans do not believe that silver is the
only question which concerns our people.
They believe that if every warehouse in the
district were piled full of gold eagles from
loundaiion to ridgenole it would do the farm
ers and fruit-growers no good were the
country being flooded with the products of
pauper labor from the Old World.
They believe that the experience of the past
four years, including the time the ax : was
held over the country, has not been to the in
terests of o_r producers of wool, raisins and
California fruits. They believe that no in
crease ol any money would be of benefit if they
could not get it in fair measure for their
products, and they do not believe that fair
prices would obtain uuder tbe Democratic
policy of buying the products of Europe,
China and Japau.
Even, when Republicans do believe in free
silver they also believe that a combination of
free nilver and iree trade will take this coun
try into ruin and entire industrial collapse.
Whatever they may think of the silver issue
as presented by the double-tailed opposition
they want no more competition with the dry
rot nations of earth.
A PECULIARITY OF THE CAMPAIGN
Washington Post.
Vice-chairman Apsley of the Republican
Congressional Committee said yesterday: "A
peculiar feature of this campaign Which is
forced upon my notice In my work of dissem
inating literature iB the fact that, while in
former campaigns people were content with
abstracts of speeches, they now demand the
lull text of every utterance on the questions of
finance and government revenues that we can
supply. There seems to be no literature too
long or cumbersome for them to read, and
they want the best speeches of the past decade
on the subjects. While in the past brief arti
cles and paragraphs, which the cross-roads or
street-corner debater could adapt and use in
his arguments, took beat with tne people, now
tnere is an overwhelming demand for the full
and complete argument. As a result we have
had to revise our p'.ati, and are now working
the printers almost night and day to supply
tne demand which every mail brings from all
over the country, West and South, as well as
East.
OF INTEREST TO WOOL-GROWERS.
Bakorafield Californlan.
Every wool-grower in Kern County ought to
read the San Franclco Call's articles on the
ruin of the wool industry through free trade.
No county in the State, or in the country, has
suffered more than Kern from free wool, and
if, after reading The Call's articles there is
one wool-man who will continue to vote the
free-trade ticket, then that man deserves every
bit, and more, too, of the ruin that has be
fallen him.
STATING IT NEATLY.
Fresno Republican.
"What I'm afraid of," said a discouraged
Democrat to a fellow-sufferer yesterday, "is
that good times won't come agin till after we
all are dead." And then he wondered why so
sad a sentiment should be so hilariously ap
plauded.
PERSONAL.
G. E. Glem, U. S. N., is a guest at the Cali
fornia,
8. B. Burt, a Chicago mining man, Is at the
Grand.
John D. Spreckels has returned from his trip
to San Diego.
Senator J. 11. Shine of Sonora is at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
George T. Buck, a lawyer of Stockton, is a
guest at the Lick.
M. Voorsanger and wife of Philadelphia are
guests at the Occidental.
Samuel J. Gorman of Portland, Or., is a late
arrival at the Occidental.
Professor C. G. Baldwin, president of Pomona
College, is at the Kamona.
Dr. N. G. Boom of Red Blufl is registered at
the Ramona with big wife.
W. B. Westlake, an insurance man, is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. E. Hyde, the Visalia banker, is one of the
latest arrivals at the Palace.
T. W. Sheehan, a journalist of Sacramento,
is visiting at the Occidental.
Lieutenant-Governor WiHiam P. Jeter of San
Jose is visiting at the Palace.
Dr. E. N. Hutchinson and wife of Jacxson,
Term., are guests at the Russ.
Adam Brooks, a real estate man of St. Louis,
Is at the Palace with his wife.
H. B. Gillis, one of the prominent attorneys
of Yreka, has a room at the Grand.
William ll. Fuller, a lawyer of Ban Diego,
registered at the Palace yesterday.
Among the arrivals at the Grand Is C. £.
Tinkham, a lumber-dealer of Chico.
Mrs. N. D. McWhirter of Fresno arrived at
the Grand Wednesday with her son.
J. R. Barrett, the Ukiah stage man, is mak
ing the Russ his home for a few days.
H. Richardson, a mill-builder of Sacramento,
is one of the recent arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. W. T. Lucas of Santa Maria, Santa Bar
bara County, is registered at the Grand.
Professor Carlyle Petersllea of Los Angeles is
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel with his wife.
X McLaughlin, a banker at San Jose, is
among those registered at the Occidental.
W. H.Murdock and family of YoUngstown,
Ohio, are guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. F. Knox of Sacramento, capitalist and
banker, is making a short stay at the Grand.
George A. Smith, an orchardist of Portland,
Or., is one of the late arrivals at the Grand.
T. C. Johnson of Pleasanton, land-owner and
breeder ol fine stock, is registered at the Grand.
Dr. H. M. Gardner, physician at the Napa In
sane Asylum, is among the guests at the Lick.
L. D. Remington of the Lick Paper Mills is
at the Palace, registered from Watertown,
N. Y.
A. L. Hart of Sacramento, lawyer and ex.
Attorney-General, is making a short visit at the
Grand.
C. H. E. Macartney, an orchardist of Ken
wood; SoDoma County, is staying at the Occi
dental.
F. J. Carlisle, representing the Scrlppe
League of newspapers, is visiting the City. He
is at tbe Palace.
Lewis Sells Barrett, connected with Fore
paugh & Sells' circus, Is registered at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
CassiusM. Coe, president of the San Fran
cisco Press Club, returned yesterday from a
visit to the Eastern States.
Joseph Dicicinsou, who is engaged in the real
estate business at St. Louis, returned to the
Palace last nieht with his son.
Professor Oliver Peebles Jenkins, head of
the department of physiology at Stanford Uni
versity, is one of yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace.
Mrs. J. W. Cooper, wife of the Santa Barbara
capitalist, arrived at the Occidental yesterday
with Miss L. Cooper, who has come north to at
tend a seminary.
Joseph Levy, the well-known retired mer
chant, returned yesterday to his residence at
1042 Golden Gate avenue after a fortnight's
visit in Santa Cruz.
George A. Mitchell of Glas?ow, Scotland, is
at the Palace. He has come to California to
inspect some mining property which he has
owned for some time.
J. W. Brooks of St. Louis, the well-known
starter, who will officiate at the Ingleside
track, has arrived from the East. His head
quarters will be at the Baldwin.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., Aug. 11.— At the West
minster, G. F. Wilhausen; Vendome, A. W.
Walter; Sinclair, E. H. Aaams; Holland, _.
Bouvier. Miss Josephine Withuren and Carl
Weisshan sai.e'i on the North German liner
Havel for Bremen. Herman Bchussler left the
Westminster to sail for Europe.
LADIES' WAIST WITH DRAPED
FRONT AND FANCY SLEEVES.
Several fstrikingly new features are seen in
the waist pictured here. The draped front la
extremely graceful, especially when made of
thin fabrics. The sieves are novel and gener
ally becoming. The design allows of charm
ing combinations. A gown seen was of Dres-
den silk, with front of white moussetine de
soie. A frill of the same finished the folded
collar.
Another waist of foulard in Mack with a
figure in dull preen had sleeve ruffles lined with
pale green silk to match. The draped frout
was of green silk covered with black net. the
fitted sleeves also being of green overlaid with
black net.
A dark green mohair had vest and fitted
sleeves of greeu and white foulard, the edges
of ruffles on sleeves and the waist front being
trimmed with a fancy galloon in green, white
and gold.
SOMETHING TO LAUGH AT.
Johnny— Vapa, what is meant by "a person
of sanguine temperament?"
Papa— lt meant.— a— it means a person who
expects a good many things that do not hap
pen.—Puck.
First Fond Mamma— Ah, Mrs. de Smith, I'm
so glad to see you. I've such news to tell. Persy
Hawkins is going to marry our little Alice.
Dear child, it doesn't seem as if I could bear
to part wj'.h herl
S#cond Fond Mamma— No, you've had her
on your hands so long now I should think it
would be rather lonesome without her.—Cleve
land Leader,
Mrs. Motherby— How are you getting on with
your singing lessons, Kate?
Miss Screecher— Well, I think I must be Im
proving. I notice, anyway, that when I prac
tice now the neighbors don't come and ring
the doorbell to protest.— Somerville Journal.
Examining Attorney — If either counsel
should say to you that circumstantial evi
dence unsupported by direct testimony could
in no sense decide the trend of the benefit of
the doubt, what would you understand by
that?
Talesman— That he did not want me on the
jury.— Truth.
A TRAGEDY OF THE MINES
j\oW a Flag at Impresses the J»ler\ and Womerv of the
J*lo\jr\tair\s.
In the mining regions of California and Nevada it frequently happens that the flag has to
be placed at half-mast above the ore hoisting works in memory of some brave fellow who has
fallen a victim of the grisly specter, Death, that ever lurks in the shafts, the stopes and the
winzes. It is always deemed essential that a mine shall have a flagstaff ready to display this
token of deferential mourning, no matter what else may be lacking. In the mountains there
is a great deal of respect for manhood; a sentiment quite distinct and apart from the leeling
that pervades the busy marts of metropolitan life, where individuality is merged and swal
lowed up in the restless stream of humanity. In the mountains each man is an entity, and it
is often the case that a miner who works his regular shift underground has more influence in
the social and political life of the community than the man who drives a fancy team and draws
a handsome salary as superintendent
It is not wonderful, therefore, that a keen interest is aroused the moment an accident is
announced, for it may be that an important citizen has been called to his reward.
This phase of mining camp life is vividly suggested by a sketch that was made by C. L.
Sears, himself at one time a miner, in Virginia, New, several years ago, though the title,
"Only a Miner," was a modest disclaimer on the part of that sturdy class for the consideration
they knew they were sure to receive. Simple as the picture is, it is a masterpiece of delinea
tion. It speaks a tragedy that touches the heart. Captain Jack Crawford, the poet scout, at
that time a resident of the Comstock, was so impressed by the spirit of the picture that he in
dited some verses to accompany it.
Only a miner killed:
Oh! Is that all?
One of i he timbers caved-,
Great was the fall,
Crushing another one
Shaped line bis Ood.
Only a miner lad—
Under the sod. ,
Only a miner killed,
J us; one mor* dead.
Who will provide for tbem->
Who earn their bread?
The Territorial Enterprise of that date contained an item written by Dan De Quille which
referred ah follows to Mr. Sears' work :
A sketch by C. _. Sears Is on exhibition in tbe show window o! Bosgle's bookstore. It Is a view of
the Belcher mining works, showing only the roof, smoke stacks and flagstaff. The flag is at half-mast
and the smoke from one of the funnels is made to fall ln;e a black badge across its bright folds. It Is
sunset, and there Is blood In the clouds tnat lie along the western sky. "Only a Miner" Is the title Of
the little picture. Every miner understands the title. Indeed, without this Inscription every miner
would understand the picture. Tlie flag seen at half-mast tells the whole story. In the story It tells
and its effect upon those looking upon It, "Only a Miner" Is much such a picture as a little oue that
was published during the war entitled "All Quiet on the Potomac," In which the principal objects seen'
were a few grave-stones and a lone sentinel.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
POLITICAL HYBRIDS.
If Bryan Fails to Get the Populist Vote it
Will Be Due to Qub "Leadees,"
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call—Sin:
The straight Populists of California still stand
ready to enter into an open and honorable
uuiou with free-silver Dem' cratsand all other
silver men to secure the election of Bryan ana
Watson, but they will not work and vote for
the election of SewaU. Of this I am assured
by letters from all parts of the State, as well as
by our local Populists who are not candidates
for office, and by even some of those who are
candidates. The class I designate as "straight"
Populists are the men of conviction and con
science who have made the Populist party pos
sible. They left the old parties from convic
tion and a sense of duty. They have denied
themselves willingly and worked hard to es
tablish the party, and with no expectation of
office or other reward than to share the com
mon and general welfare which will follow the
adoption of the principles they espouse. Few
of them expected to win. a .National victory in
1896. None of them anticipated that they
would be called upon to vote lor a Democratic
candidate on a Democratic platform as their
candidate for the Presidency. If the election
were to take place to-morrow these men would
not go to the polls, and I think they consti
tute more than half ot the People's party vote.
If this be true, or anywhere near true, it pre
sages the certain defeat of Mr. Bryan unless
these men can be brought into live and be
come ardent supporters of the ticket nomi
nated at St. Louis oy the National Convention
of the People's party. Knowing this to De true
beyond a neradventure, and being long a
strenuous advocate of the union of all reform
forces, I havo stood and still stand for such
conditions as will make such a union possible,
as will satisfy straight Populists and lead
them to accept the situation and work with all
tholr might for the election of Bryan and Wat
son. It is for this Durpose that I write this
letter and use plain speech.
No one is better aware than I ant that all
Bryanized Populists, as I named them at St.
Louis, will stoutly deny that more than half
the Populist voters are "straight" Populists,
and I credit them with sincerity. But are
they safe counselers? How should they know?
To be able to answer these questions one must
have a familiar acquaintance with •'straight"
Populists. Not since the days of Cromwell and
his invincible "roudhends" have men put so
much, conscience into their politics as these
"htraignt" Populists. They follow "leaders"
only when these leaders "keep in the middle
of the road." Where is Cannon, once the idol
of the party in Califoruia? I might add,
Where is Weaver?
If Bryan fails to get the Populist vote it will
be due to our "leaders" who want office , and
want it so mucn that they are willing to vote
for Sewall as well as Bryan and wipe the
People's party out of existence if they can only
"get there." If it were not for the overcon
tidenceof these "leaders" in attendance at tbe
Chicago Democratic convention and their
grand rally at St. Louis to dominate and stam
pede the Populist convention into the Bryau
and Bewail party, thug misleading Bryan,
Jones and other Democratic leaders as to the
real feeling in the Populist ranks, the attitude
of Mr. Bryan and Mr. Jones and Senator
Stewart ami his little Sliver convention toward
the Populists would not have been so offensive
to all seli-resp-cting Populists, and they might
even have permitted Senator Stewart to ad
dress them in behalf of Bryan, but not of
gewall, for I think that a majority of the
straight Populists were prepared and entirely
willing to accept Mr. Bryan as their candidate
on their own platform, knowing that he in
tutn would accept their plattorm as tbe ex
pression of his personal views.
' It was our political hybrids of the Wearer
type, a cross between Populists and Silver
Democrats, that played the mischief in the
National Convention of the People's party at
St. Louis. These hybrids are the cause of the
present confusion and uncertainty as to the
final and complete union of all the silver
forces on Bryan and Watson, for these hy
brids — our political mules — encourage silver
Democrats ami Republicans in the belief that
the rank and file of the Populists will vote for
Bryan regardless of what Is said or done by
Chairman Jom-e and others as to Watson, the
nominee of the Populist convention. These
blind hybrids are no longer in touch with the
rank and tile of the People's party. They hear
only from their own kind, the lesser hybrids.
They forget the three-fourths vote for Watson,
with all the concentrated influence of the
hybrids in favor of Sewall.
Once more I earnestly counsel all over
confident and somewhat arrogant silver Demo
crats and Republicans not to rely too much
upon the assurances of the hybrids that there
are only a few of these straight Populists, and
hence it is safe to go ahead with the hybrid
programme and ignore their protests and
warnings. As X have said before, if straight
Widow and little ones,
Pity them, God,
Their earthly protector
Is under tne sod.
Only a miner killed,
Dead on the spot.
Poor hearts are brealclna.
In yon little cot.
Be died at his post,
A hero as brave
As any who sleep
In a marble- top grave.
Populists simply stay at home on election day
Mr. Bryan will stay at home, too.
Joseph Asbury Johnson.
San Francisco, August 11, 1896.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Metropolitan Temple— J. McN., City. The
seating capacity of the Metropolitan Temple is
124,5.
9 Patience— E. L. C, City. The contralto part
in the opera of "Patience" Is assigned to the
character of Lady Jane.
Dramatic School— M. E. Ji., San Jose, Cal.
For information about the dramatic school of
this City you should address Leo Cooper, this
City.
Evaporation —M. W., City. According to
calculations that have been made an acre of
wheat evaporates sixty tons of water in a
month.
Tramp Steamers— A. J. , City. The place to
apply for "a position on one of the tramp
steamers that is here loading wheat for .Eu
rope" is on board tbe vessel.
General Custer— S., Santa Barbara, Cal.
The biographies of General Custer, killed at
the battle ot Little Big Horn, do not assert that
at the time of his death he was a married man.
Discharged— A. L., City. A man who leaves
an employment of his own free will is not dis
charged. To discharge an employe means to
dismiss him from the position in which he was
employed.
"Nigger Hole"— B. , City. "Nigger Hole,"de
scribed in a recent Sunday issue of The Call,
is on the ranch of J. H. McLaughliu on Mill
Creek, Mendocino County, about fourteen
miles east of Ukiab.
The Duchem of Marlboroxjgh— A. O. S., City.
Consuelo Vanderbilt, who, on the 6th of No
vember, 1895, married the Duke of Marl
borough, is the daughter of William K. Van
derbltt of New York.
From Bar to Bar— Subscriber, City. When a
steamer running between San Francisco and
Portland, Or., makes or breaks a record, the
time is between the bar at the Golden Gate and
the bar at the mouth of the Columbia River.
Government Lands— Mrs. N. G. L., Los An
geles, Cal. This department cannot recom
mend any "Government land that does not
have to be irrigated." You must make your
application to any of the United States land
offices in the State.
Bdndat in August— C. R., City. The 2d of
August, 1832, fell on a Thursday. It fell on
Sunday in 1801 and has fallen on Pundny in
the foUowing years since: 1807, 1812. 1818,
1829, 1835, 1846, 1857, 1863, 1868. 1874
1885, 1891 and 1896.
At Saußalito— G. S., City. The wall with
arcnes that is near the foot of the hill at Sau
salito on the eastern slope and which is a strik
ing object to all who view it from the ferry
boat, as it approaches the slip, is part of the
wall that surrounds the property of William
R. Hearst.
Fining Camp— M. L. 8., Summit, Cal. The
largest mining camp in the United States at
this time is the one at Cripple Creek, Colo.
The highest wages to miners are paid in Mono
Cal. Generally speaking, the largest smelting
works are the Grant, in Omaha. The largest
copper smelter is that of the Anaconda mine
of Montana,
The High Schools— L. K. R., City. A girl
may enter either of the high schools of this
City provided she has attained the necessary
percentage to enable her to continue in the
studies provided for in these schools The
applicant for admission should call on the
principal nf the school she desires to enter and
receive full information.
Citi2ENßHlp-N. O. T. A., City. Whfn a man
born in the United States attains the age of
twenty-one years, he is a citizen in the full
sense of that word and entitled to all rights
and privileges of such. If a resident of this
State all he lias to do it he desires to vote, is to
make application to be registered within the
time provided tor registrAtion of voters. His
oath is the accepted proof that he Is native
born.
Land in the North-B. a., Panoche. Cal.
For information about Government land in
the section of the State you name you will
have to write to either of the following offices:
At Humboldt. Redding and Sacramento.
| These, in consideration of pleach, will furnish
you a plat of the land open to pre-emption.
As to the character of the land the best way to
determine that Is by viewing it. Any on«
wishing to take up Government land should
visit thjßsitc determined ppoa.
Bicycle Routes— Al, City. There is no fixed
route for bicyclers who wish to come to San
Francisco by bicycle irorn either Boston or
New York. The rider makes a start and travels
over the most frequented routes, and then
when ne "starts the plains across" he keeps on
what was known as the old stage road of the
Overland Stage Company, or what may be left
of it. By inquiry the lider finds out which is
the best road to take.
Goal axd Jaii^-D. E. 2., City. Goal is tha
erroneous spelling of gaol (now commonly
jail) often found In books of the seventeenth
century. Generally, jail is a prison or build
ing for the incarceration of individuals con
victed of crime or for debt, but in the United
States the terra is applied usually to a place of
confinement lor minor offenses in a county.
The following quotations show that the term
has been variously used :
Aud for to determytte this matter Generydea
was Drought out of the jaile.— Oenerydes, 1695.
Vet ere his happie soule to heaven went
Oat of this HesMl i<- goale he di J devise
Unto his neavenlle Maker to present
Uis bodie as a spotless sacrifice.
—Spenser, "Kulns of Time."
Deep in the city's bottom gunk there was n froal
where darKness dwelt and desolation.— J. Beau
mont in "Psyche."
Frighted, I quitted the room, bnt leave It so as
men from jails to execution go.— Pope, "£atir«s of
I>onne."
She threatens me every day to arrest me, and
proceeds so far us to tell me that if I do not do
her justice I shall die In a jayl.— Spectator, No,
a 35.
PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT.
The Due de Nemours died in the apartment
of a hotel in Versailles in which Dom Pedro,
the dethroned Emperor of Brazil, lived for a
time after he was exiled.
Thomas Atwater Jerome, who died at New
Brighton, Staten Island, a lew nays ago in his
eighty-seventh year, belonged to the well
known Jerome family 'aud was second of a
family of nine children. His brothers were
the late Lawrence, Leonard and Addison O.
Jerome, all well-known clubmen in New York.
His wife was Miss Emma Vanderbilt.
Colorado has a new millionaire in the person
of a Mr. Stoiber, who has expectations of rival
ing the famous Mr. Stratton. Mr. Stolbor is a
mining engineer by profession, and for a long
time lived very humbly with his wife, who is
his partner in business, in a little cabin near
Bilverton. He now has an income of $800,000
a year and has one of the handsomest homes
in Colorado. _____
THE BOOK OF BEAUTY.
London Chronic!)
Although the "Book of Beauty," which
Messrs. Hutchinson are publishing, may not
be ready for a week or two, the whole edition
has already been taken up. It consists of 300
copies and the price is five guineas a copy. A
very small edition has been prepared fc>r
America and a second edition will be issued in
London. It must be limited to 100 copies and
the price per copy will be six guineas. The
Princess of Wales and the Duchess of York
have been specially painted for the portraita
of them which appear in the book. This also
applies to a number of other ladies who are in
cluded as beauties of the "late Victorian era."
HOME-OWNERS AND FREE COINAGE
Philadelphia Bulletin.
There was not a single voice raised in the
Building Association convention against the
passage of sound money resolutions. The men
who have saved their money to put into homes
are not giving comfort to the 16 to 1 agitators.
EYESIGHT SERIOUSLY AFFECTED.
Alturas Pialndealer.
The CuDans now have 80,000 men under
arms, and yet Grover does not believe that a
state of war exists.
California glace fruiu, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
Melons and Boodle.
Fresno Republican. '
It is the early watermelon that catches the
boodle. _____________ ''• .'
Special Information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by tbe Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Montgomery. *■
i ii ii ■ m i ■ m » .■■ ■— ■ i
Tha Wool-Growers' Experience.
Sacramento Record-Union.
There is no class of producers more troubled
about the tariff question Just now than the
■Hrool-growers. They have had experience
under a low tariff that they do not wish re
pented. They find on overhauling Mr. Bryan's
record that while he was in Congress he was a,
dilligent and strong opponent ot protection to
wool-growing interests.
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail*
road has bean selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of tha Q. A. ft. a<
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. Th*
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. it Kates f67 90 for tha
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who wtsU
to make the trip East. Send your name and al
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, ban Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*.
Are You Going East.* •
Th« Atlantic and ■ Pacific Railroad— Santa ■•
route— ls the coolest '. and ' most comfortable sum
mer line,' l owing to its elevation and absence -»?
alkali dust. Particularly . adapted .'or the trans
portation of families because of Its palace draw-
Ing-room and mooern upholstered tourist sleeping'
cars, which ran dally through from Oakland i.>
Chicago, leaving at - a seasonable hour anil la)
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tin*.
«t office, 644 Market street, t Chronic!* Bulletin*
Telephone, Main 1681. • ''-- •*'•--" i -'
"Mrs. TVinalow's Soothing Syrn»"
Has been used over 00 years by millions of motasrt
for their children while Teething with perfeot sa>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allayt
Pain, cares Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels anl
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arlitnj
from teething or other cause*. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sura and ajc
lor Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. «4o a uo.u*
• CoROJJ'ADO.-'-Atmosphere Is perfectly drn'vtft
and mild, being entirely free from the mlstf com
mon further north, lloiind-trlp tickets, by sMsot
ablp. Including fifteen days' board at t_s Hotai I*l
Coronado, »W): longer slay $2 50 per>W. Apj>.#
* .sew Montgomery at., sanKraiciaco. ■■ ■
Sensible.— An old sea-captain writes to J. C
Ayer& Co. that he never goes to sea without a
supply of Ayer's Pills.
In the Ides of November.
Los Angeles Times.
They call him Major McKir.ley now, but ha
will be known as Majority McKinley after tha
November days have passed over.
YOU CAN !
BE DOCTORED
FREE OF CHARGE
At our pharmacy. We have
secured the services of a
physician of high standing
and integrity who will here-
after TREAT ALL PATIENTS
FREE OF CHARGE daily
from 9 to 10 A. M. .
All diseases treated In the
most skillful and scientific
manner, and in the case of
Private Complaints an ab-
solute cure is guaranteed.
We especially urge those
who have received no bene-
fit from other physicians to
call. Write for question
• blank. Consultation free at
all times.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
958 Market Street,-
South side, bet. i'iitu and Sixth* - *WEDNESDAY AUGUST 12, 1896
AMUSEMENTS. ; "
F-AMvwnr Thkatf-r.— "The Masqueraders."
California THF.ATEK.--"The Irish Artist."
Columbia Theateb — "The Great Unknown." j
Vofobco's I'H.KA-iioußk— "The Two Orphans." |
Tivoli Opfra-Houbf..— "The Huguenots." j
Crphkum— High-Class Vaudeville.
Prmo Baths— Bathing and performances.
&HOOT the Chutes— at Uaighc street,
ice block east of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion— To Caxadero, Sunday, August 16.
AUCTION iALHS.
By L. Vinckst— This day (Wednesday), Furni-
ture, at 200 Fifth street, at 2 o'clock.
By Frank W. Buttkrfiki,d — This day
(Wednesday), Furniture, at 1409 Jackson street,
at 2 clock.
BtEaitos <& Ei,prii>os!.— August 18,
Real Estate, at salesroom, 688 Market street, at
13 o'clock.
By E aston. & EtDßiroK.— Saturday, August '
22, Real Estate, at Mountain View. Santa Clara
Co., at 1 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The salary roll of the State University has
been fixed at $19,625 per month.
A rousing Republican mass-meeting will be
held at Mission Opera-hall to-night.
Partly cloudy Wednesday morning,- followed
by fair.— Forecast Official W. H. Hammon.
Notary Public Cooney paid his fine yesterday
to avoid going to jail for contempt of court
Mr. and Mrs. Will Crocker will give an elab
orate fete champetre to-night at their country
■eat.
The enndy firm of H. Pfenniuger A Co. of
1910 Market street assigns for the benefit of
creditors.
There are now 151 delegates to the Charter
Convention announced by the Merchants' As
sociation.
The trustees of the Chamber of Commerce
considered some important communications
yesterdty.
The newsboys have entered into a combina
tion to test the constitutionality of the transfer
ordinance.
The big tug Fearless will soon leave this port
on an excursion to Washington on a whale
killing expedition.
The Finance Committee of the Board ofEdu
cation thinks the schools cannot be kept open
on Sf 1,000. 000 a year.
Tho Xative Daughters of the Golden West are !
preparing for an extensive celebration oi Ad
mission day i>t Stockton.
A study of American dairying interests
shows that the policy of free irade is an injury
to farmers and dairymen.
The local sub-treasury has ceased redeeming
Naiienal Bmk notes, 'and the result is that
they are now at a discount.
Dt. T. A. Kief. KCtiug veterinary surgeon of
the Board of Health, has discovered tuber-
Cu login ir. the livers of ducks.
Chinese Inspector Lynch denies in detail the
statement made by Broker Thornley that the
chines- Bureau *m derelict in its duties.
The Bo.ird of University Regents in secret
session yesterday considered a resolution to
dismi«? Professor Flagg. A tie vote followed.
It wns stated yesterday by members of the
N'ignt i.i Sau;-aLit:> Carnival that the fete was
an .<\«sur?d thing as sufficient money was in
sight.
The Hawaiian ship John Ena was docked at
Bauaalito yesterday. She is the largest vessel
thtt nas ever got alongside a wharf at that
point.
Postmaster Frank McCoppin spoke to a large
and representative audience of the Richmond
District la«t night in favor of the proposed new
charter.
Reports from the sealing fleet up to July 23
■ho'.r that the catch has been a very small
one. The hunters and sailors are much dis
couraged.
The State Board of Trade will not be able this
year to make exhibits at 'he locrl Home Indus
try Exposition or at tke Pure Food Exposition
at Boston.
The Shoeworkers' Union is likely to adopt
the manufacturers' and producers' trade mark,
to be used as a stamp on all shoes of borne
manufacture.
Sergeant Jack Hayes of the harbor police says
he still has great faith iv the presence of gold
in, his property, aud will begin mining opera
tions in the fall.
Freieht Clerk S. C. Nash of the Southern
Pacific Company has accepted the position of
contracting freight agent with the Texan and
Pacific Railroad-
William Lenihan, a waiter, living at 17
Fourth street, was booked at the City Prison
last night for robbing John Wilcom of his
watch and chain.
The Pacific Mail Steamship. Company wants
another pier erected parallel to the Mail dock.
There is not enough accommodation at the
latter for the Mail boats.
Hermann Braunschweiger Jr., who married
the notorious Sadie Nichols last week, was ar
rested \\ sterday on the complaint of his father
on the charge of insanity.
A Market-street firm has been reported to the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to. Chil
dren for obliging ahalt-nnked boy to run a
bicycle in its show-window.
J. L. BrigaertF, electrician, charged by the
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company
with petty larceny, was acquitted by a jury in
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday.
Bernard Pouchau, acook in the Palace Hotel,
\ras arrested vestcrday on the charge of per
jury for swosring that his wife, whom he
married ou Monday, was 18 years of age.
John P. Bonham and Lizzie McDonald, a
young runaway couple from Towlef- station,
were married on the high seas ou board the
steamer Hettie B by Captain Gage yesterday.
A professional ratcatcher cleared the barsen
tine 8. N. Castle of the pests yesterday. Half a
huijdrei! were caught, hut tne others made
their escape to fresh scenes and pastures new.
The letter signed "Dollie" found in O. W.
Wmthrop's possession has been traced to a
typewriter, a young woman ■who disappeared
when F. W. Brooks did just prior' to the liid
nuping of James A. Campbell.
Last April a party of eighteen Oaklanders
purchased the little schooner Prosper and
fitted her out for a voyage to Cooks Inlet in
search of gold. They all sailed in her and
have not been heard from since.
At yesterday's session of the Bay Conference
of Congregational churches resolutions were
adopted condemning the Dutmque Association
for its action in the case of Dr. Brown and call
ing upon it to rescind such action.
The indicted Supervisors, through their at
torney, General J. H. Dickinson, yesterday filed
a demurrer to the accusations of the people
charging them with corrupt practices in re
ducing tax assessments of certain corporations.
The demurrer alleges that the accusation is
technically weak.
Judge McKenna of the United States Circuit
Court has decided for defendants in the suit of
Albert E. Gray vs. the estate of the late Edgar
Mills. The action was for damages for the
non-performance of a contract for the purchase
of lands, and the opinion of the court will be
of special interest to real estate owners and
Agents.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven completed her deposi
tion In the Fair will case yesterday. She de
posed that Senator Fair »nd she once went to a
minister's house to be married, but Senator
F«ir had no license and she went away. When
sho was going East he filled her pockets with
gold, called her "Dearie" and said that she
would want some pin money.
HEW TO-DAT.
BABIES WITH SKINS ON FIRE
from Itching and burning eczemas and other
■kin and scalp tortures. None but parents real-
ize how these little ones suffer. To know that
a wnrm bath with CuTicrjßA Soap, and a single
application of OVriCURA (ointment), the great
■kin cure, will in the majority of canes afford
instant relir>f. permit rest and sleep, «nH point
to a speedy cure, and not to use them without a
moment's delay is to fail in our duty.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Ccticvba, SOe.i
Boap. 2.1 c; FUsot.v«NT. We. onrt $1. FOTTIK D«co
*-Nn Cbem. Coep.. Sole Prop«.. Bcwton.
•*- " How to Care Skin Tortured Babies," tnailtd fre*.
THE POINT ARENA
TWICE IN DANGER,
Went on the Rocks and
Then Nearly Sank in
Port.
SAVED BY THE ALERT.
Second Mate Wickman Mistook
the Shore Line for a
Heavy Fog.
SHE WENT HARD ON THE ROCKS.
Twice Was the Danger Reported,
But the Mate Stuck to His
Own Opinion.
The steamer Point Arena had two nar
row escapes within the last twenty-four
hours. At 9 o'clock Monday nk'dt she
went on the rocks between Drakes Bay
and Point Reyes, and not only carried
away her forefoot, hut stove in six planks
on her starboard bow.
Captain Johnson backed his vessel off,
and, finding only three feet of water in
the forehold, decided to run for San Fran
cisco. At 1:30 a.m. Mission-street wharf
was readied and the passengers and their
baggage were landed.
For over an hour very little notice was
taken of the leak, but at 3 o'clock it was
discovered that the Point Arena was sink
ing. Captain Johnson ran in his night
shirt to where the State tug Governor
Markbam was lying with steam np. "My
vessel is sin King," he breathlessly
explained. "Will you come and pump
her out?" "We're no suckeis," was the
reply given. It was not a flippant answer,
and Captain Johnson understood it. The
meaning was that while the State tugs
have all the appliances for putting out a
fire or flooding a ship they have no suction
hose and cannot pump out a ship.
Captain Johnson next got a telephone
and communicated with the Spreckeis'
tugboat office. Captain Brofcaw of the
Alert was notified and in eight minutes
he had his vessel alongside the sinking
steamer. The captain and Chief Engineer
Courtney worked in their night clothes
until ths hose was into the hold of the
Point Arena and the big suction pumps
were at work. For six hours the Alert
kept at it. Sometimes the water would
gain and then again the vessel would be
almost clear. About 9 a. m., when the
steamer was almost dry, Captain Brokaw
booked on and took the disabled vessel to
the Merchants' drydock. As soon as she
was shored up and the water run out of
her a gang of men was put to work, and
the agents expect to have her running
•gain to-morrow. The Point Arena had
two remarkable escapes and yet the
actual damage to the hull will not exceed
$500.
According to tha captain's story the
Point Arena left here Monday night at
5 o'clock for Point Arena. The vessel was
put on her usual course after clearing the
heads, and then Second Mate Charles
Wickman was placed in charge. About
8:30 p. m. the lookout reported to the mate
on the bridge that he thought be saw
land ahead. The officer answered, "What
are you talking about, that's fog." A few
minutes later he again reported land
ahead, and was called a blockhead. Then
the lookout determined to report to the
captain, but first of all asked tne helms
man what course he was steering. "North
by west," was the answer. Now, the
sailor had been over a year on the Point
Arena and he knew that Captain Johnson
always steered that course so he returned
to his post.
Anotner look convinced him that there
was land ahead, and he started on the run
for the captain's room.
While this was going on on deck Cap
tain Johnson was chatting in his room
with Purser Lincoln. A few minutes be
fore 9 p. M. the latter looked at the clock
and remarked: "We should be near Point
Reyes." The master studied his watch,
and said: "Yes. we're about there." At
the same time he opened the door and
looked out. "My God" was all the purser
heard as Johnson rushed for the pilot
house. He knocked the sailor down who
was running to tell him of the danger, and
reached the signal bells. Four sharp
rings, and the jingle bells startled the en
gineer, and in a few seconds the engines
were reversed and everything opened up.
It was too late, however, and the Point
Arena crashed on the rocks. All was con
fusion, but Purser Lincoln went among
the passengers and soon calmed their
fears. Captain Johnson remained on the
bridge and gave bis orders as though noth
ing had happened.
The life-boats were lowered and pro
visioned, and then an attempt to back off
was made. It succeeded, and at 9:30 p. m.
the Point Arena was on her way to San
Francisco.
The consensus of opinion among cap
tains who trade on the coast is that dur
ing the past week there has been a strong
northerly set to the current, and that that
fact is responsible for the accident. The
captains of the Bessie X., Newsboy and
Noyo have noticed the change in the cur
rent and assert that it runs three knots an
hour. The northerly set carried the ship
Elwell three miles, and the captain had to
come to an anchor near Duxbcrry reef.
According to them the current is the re
sult of the strong gales that have prevailed
off the coast for some time past.
GALLAGHER HAS GONE.
He Is in Training nt Lou Aiigele*—
His Expcimeß Have Been
Advanced. ..
It was rumored round town yesterday
that Billy Gallagher, matched to fight
George Green, had skipped to Los Angeles,
and that the fight was off.
The fact of the matter was that Gal
lagher had gone to Los Angeles, but with
the knowledge and consent of the National
Club. In fact the club advanced the
money for his training expenses and sent
him down to Los Angeles to train, where
he will be away from his friends in this
City. Gallagher is an instructor in one
of the athletic clubs of Los Angeles, and
he prefers to train there.
• — ♦ — •
McKttnim I- Superintendent.
The Board of City Hall Commissioners at its
meeting yesterday appointed Joseph McKenna
superintendent of construction of the glass
and marble work that is about to be put in the
dome.
McKenna is well known among contracting
firms, having been employed in glasswork in
this city for many years past.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
About 3 O'clock Yesterday Morning Captain Johnson Found That the Point Arena Was Sinking.
He Had Brought Her in After Getting Her Off the Rocks Near Point Reyes and Thought
She Would Be All Right Until Daylight. He Had to Summon the Tug Alert in a Hurry,
and the Latter Pumped for Six Hours to Keep Her Afloat.
ONE MORE PILL
FOR DR. BROWN
The Bay Conference Cen
sures the Dubuque
Association.
REQUESTED TO RESCIND
Rev. Philip Coombe Openly Op
posed the Adoption of
the Resolution.
VOTE STOOD, AY IS 55, NOES
Sunday Newspapers Vigorously At
tacked, but Weil Defended by
Dr Baldwin
At yesterday's quarterly session of the
Congregational churches of the Bay Dis
trict, held in the Third Congregational
Church of this City, tne Dubuque Associa
tion was censured for its recent action in
regard to Dr. C. O. Brown. Tnis occurred
at the evening session and formed the sen
sation of the day.
At the morning session the Sabbath
question was the main issue. Richly col
ored flowers and ferns with which tde
church was tastefully decorated gave a
refreshing air of coolness to the audito
rium and the speakers were at their best.
Reports of the various delegates to the
conference were first heard. They were
all encouraging, showing an increase in
attendance and excellent prospects for the
future.
As the last delegate handed in his re
port Rev. John Kirn ball slowly rose and
expressed ms sorrow that the First Con
gregational Church had no delegate. He
very earnestly ask,ed the prayers of all
assembled for the place of worship and its
scattered, factional members.
Delegates in attendance from the vari
ous churches were as follows:
Niles, Edward Ellsworuh, Charles Shinn,
Mrs. Charles Shinn; Park Church, Mrs. J. F.
Meyers, Rev. J. B. Orr, Mrs. B. B. Orr; Plym
outh Church, E. VVeyman, W. M. Sealby; De
coto Church, John H. Hayes, Miss Maggie
Bodie; Markekstreet Church, Oakland, £.3.
Chapman, H. L. Ctiamberlain, Mrs. F. B. Per
kins; Richmond Church, Rev. Philip Coombe,
Mrs. Korsythi.', Miss Maitie Hook; Third
Church, W. N. Chase, G. Eastman; Bethlenem
Church, Mrs. Louise Sieburt, Mrs. W. H.
Tubb; San Rafael, W. P. Hardy, Henry Ham;
Bethany Church, William Johnston, Edward
B. Dunham, Miss Mary R Morrison, Mrs.
Julia B. Jackson; Lorin Church, E. Layman
Hood, Charles Brock, Mrs. Paulina Brock;
Second Church, Oakland, F. H. Foster, M B
Smith, Mrs. George F. Collyer; Mill Valley, M.'
Marcus, Mrs. Helen M. McCrum, Mrs. Catherine
P. Rea; Oliver Church, J. Warren; Fitchburg
G. H. Hazelton, Mrs. M. Kimball; iVounh
Church, Mrs. W. H. Wright, Mrs R. Hollowell;
Haywards, Mrs. William Stewart. Mrs. M. C.
Linekin; First Church, Oakland, S. M. Free
land, J. M. Haven, E. S. Williams; Fourth
Church, Oakland, Mrs. W. H. Crooke, Joseph
Morrow; Alameda, William G. Ager, E. W
Bcott; Plymouth Avenue Church, Oakland
Dr. J. K. McLean, Russell Whitman; Pierce
street Church, Mr. Stratham, Miss N. Good
rich ; Cooper Church, George T. Gaden, Mrs. R.
A.fTuttle; North Berkeley Church, Dr. J. T.Far
rar. Deacon Lee; Fruitvale Church, Burton M
P. Palmer, Mrs. J. H. W. Riley, Mlrs E. g!
Wyman.
Rev. F. Flawith then discussed the value
of the Sabbath to the state. The reverend
gentleman's paper showed that it had
been carefully and conscientiously pre
pared, and it was listened to with marked
interest.
"Whore the neglect of the Sabbath
enters," he said, "distress comes in." In
elucidation of this he gave a local illustra
tion, picturing the miseries arising in this
City from lack of Sabbath observance.
These arguments, be said, could not be
answered by saying this is a new country.
There are many cities in the Northwest
not half so old as San Francisco where the
Sabbath is very carefully observed and
wh re these miserable conditions are not
found.
"Both the physical and the spiritual
man require a day for rest," [he added,
"and it is wholly due to a failure to ob
serve the Sabbath that the governments of
France and Italy have found it necessary
to lower the physical military standard."
Rev. V. Boyer followed with a paper on
the value of the Sabbath to the churches.
"The early Christians." he began,
"found it necessary to set aside one day in
the week lor spiritual devotion. The life
of the church absolutely required it.
"Modern life is simply turning man
into a machine, and something must be
done to break the speil."
Rev. E. S. Chapman ended the series of
papers on the value of the Sabbath by
treating it in its relation to the individual.
He believed that we are not under the old
Jewish law, and that as the Savior says,
"the Sabbath is made for man and riot
man for the Sabbath."
After this series of papers had been vari
ously discussed and commented upon,
Rev. G. T. McCollum read a paper on the
da-.igers threatening the Sabbath from the
habits of Christians. In his mind, there
are many. Sunday work of a different
kind from that done regularly during the
week is the greatest. The reverend gen
tlemen also made a spirited attack on the
Sunday newspaper.
Rev. John Kimball made the sensational
speech of the day. He had no paper pre
pared, and spoke wholly from a few short
notes. The subject he treated was. "Dan
gers Threatening the Sabbath from the
Sunday paper."
"There are two great devils outside of
hell afflicting the people to-day," said Dr.
Kimball; "they are the saloon and the
Sunday newspaper.
"The saloon from its comparative evil
effects may be termed the little devil, and
the Sunday newspaper just as appropri
ately the big devil. We can do something
with the little devil; in many cases we can
abrogate its pernicious effects, but what,
can we do with the big devil? Absolutely
nothing so far.
"For five cents we can bring it into any
housa we please and then the demon gets
in its work. Its work consists in filling
the public mind with thounhts and ideas
foreign to the sacred character of the day
itself. We must do something in this
matter, brethren, and for one reason I
think that concerted action will bring good
results.
"That reason is that the Sunday news
papers do not even pay the publisher. It
costs too much to put them out. Every
editor strives to have the Sunday edition
of his paper surpass all ihe rest and that
takes a vast sum of money."
Rev. S. M. Freeland followed with a pa
per on the dangers threatening the Sab
bath from the ignorance of the public
mind as to its value.
He continued the invective of his pre
decessor against the Sunday paper, and
then turning to his subject disposed of it
rather sententiously by stating that he did
not believe there ia any ignorance— it is
rather disregard.
At the close of these papers Dr. McLean
rose and asked for all me ministers that
took the Sunday paper to rise. Seven re
sponded. On the other side of the ques
tion fifteen arose.
President C. J. Baldwin of Pomona Col
lege arose and made an eloquent speech in
favor of the Sunday paper. He said he
took the papers to learn the news of the
world, and did not propose to drop every
seventh page out of the account. How
ever, he would not read the paper until
Monday.
Dr. Philip Coorube said that if they were
going to split hairs they might as well quit
the Monday paper, too, as it was the result
of Sunday labor.
After discussing the question pro and
con it ended without any definite result.
The evening session noted the springing
of a great surprise in the almost unani
mous adoption of resolutions censarine
the Dubuque Association for their recent
action in the case of Dr. C. 0. Brown, and
requesting that association to rescind its
action in the interests of justice and
eauity.
"The resolution* were introduced by the
Rev. F. H. Foster, and are as follows:
Whereas, Upon occasion of a recent case of
discipline by this conference, the Dubuque
Association of Congregational Churches and
Ministers undertook to remonstrate with this
conference for "unlairness," "injustice" and
unwise and hasty action iv the matter; and
whereas, their remonstrance is based on amis
understanding of the intention of the result
arrived at by the Ecclesiastical Council which
investigated the charges against the person in
question; and whereas, they request this
conference to reconsider its action; and
whereas, in spite of this request made and
in foreßtallment of any action which the coun
cil could take, the Dubuque Association pro
ceeded to express to the subject of our fraternal
discipline their "sympathy" and "confidence,"
and to extend to him their "Christian greet
ings" and the "assurance that within the
bounds of their association he could always
find a hearty welcome," therefore be It
Hesolved, That the action of this conference
was deliberate in the extreme, an entire day
having been devoted to its consideration after
months of puDlfc discussion and of prolonged
ecclesiastical sdjudication;
That this conference sees no reason for
modifying its action then taken.
That it regrets that the Dubuque Association,
instead of limiting its action to a fraternal
request for a reconsideration, assumed to de
ciac upon the regularity and justice of the
procedure of this conference.
That It more especially regrets the premature
action of the Dubuque AsM^ciation in extend
ing the promise of its fellowship to the brother
under discipline.
That it respectfully reminds the Dubuque
Association that, in case the person in ques
tion has suffered any injustice, the remedy
lies in an appeal to a regularly con
stituted mutual council between himself
and tha Bay Conference, according
to the principles of our polity; and that the
interference further than by remonstrance in
the action of one conference by another is sub
versive of all discipline and of the fundamen
tal principles of Congregationalism whereby
each church and each body of churches is left
to the independent management of its own
concerns.
That it accordingly requests the Dubuque
Association to rescind its action by the repeal
of its resolutions in this matter.
After Dr. Foster had read the resolu
tions Rev. Philip Coombe arose and ex
pressed his desire that no standing vote
be had, a motion for which bad been
made. He said he would vote against
adopting the resolutions, and cared not
who knew it, but there were others who
did not care to have everybody know how
they voted.
The reverend gentleman's wish materi
alized, as it was decided to vote by ballot.
The result was ayes 55, noes 10. One re
fused to vote.
After the adoption of these resolutions a
series of papers were read with regard to
the preservation of the Sabbath by vari
ous methods. The first was read by At
torney S. W. Condon of Oakland, who
dwelt on the Legislative method.
Attorney Condon, while desiring to
abridge no man's religious liberty, was in
favor of Sunday laws. He believed them
entirely necessary to the welfare of the
country. There are two classes of people,
he said, who oppose Sunday laws and
from very different methods. The first
are those who observe the seventh day of
the week as the Sabbath, and object to
Sunday laws as a matter of conscience.
The second class, he said, comprise
those who fail to observe Sunday simply
because they are godless and object to
Sunday laws merely because tiaey want to
do as they please.
Rev. J.B. Orr followed with the method
of an aroused Christian conscience. An
earnest and eloquent plea was made to
the assemblage to go to work more vigor
ously in the vineyard of the Master. If
this were done, he said, the Sabbath ques
tion wouid settle itself a.ong with the
other vexed questions.
"Preservation of the Sabbath by Imme
diate Effort," wa3 the theme discussed by
Rev. S. H. Willey. He called upou church
members to make greater effort in the
cause of the American Sabbath, and told
of the glorious work done by the Christian
Endeavorers, the Epworth Leaguers and
the Women's Christian Temperance
Union.
Rev. William Rader followed with a
scholarly dissertation on the "Ideal Sab
bath."
He introduced the subject by stating
that two days might come under proper
discussion, the Jewish Sabbath and the
Sunday or Christian Sabbath, which lat
ter he thought is more properly called the
Lord's day.
"The ideal Sabbath," asserted Dr. Rader,
"will never be realized by negative legisla
tion in removing obstacles — it must come
by the positive awakening of love of Jesus
Christ in the heart of mankind. The ideal
Sabbath will come only with the ideal
man."
Rev. Dr. Pond of the Bethany Church
invited the members of the conference to
hold the next session at Bethany Church.
The offer was accepted and final adjourn
ment was taken.
STATE BOARO OF TRADE.
It Will Join in a General Move
ment to Boom San
Francisco.
No Exhibit Can Be Msde This Year
at the Pare Food Exposition
in Boston.
The regular meeting of the State Board
of Trade was held yesterday, present
George C. Perkins, Mark L. McDonald, J.
P. Irish. W. H. Mills, E. W. Maslln,
Cragie Sharp, Robert Jones, C. F. Mont
gomery and the manager, J. A. Filcher.
A letter was read from the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association requesting
that the Btate Board of Trade make an ex
hibit at tne coming home production at
the Pavilion. While the members are all
in sympathy with the movement and
would like to accept the invitation still
the finances are low and the cost of mak
ing a creditable exhibit would be larger
than the boaid can stand. It would cost
almost as rouen to pack the exhibit to
send to the Pavilion as it would to send it
to Atlanta, as most of it is in the form of
glass show cases and glass preserve jars.
A letter from W. E. Fisher was read, in
which he called attention to the import
ance of advertising the city and port of
San Francisco. Many localities, he said,
are well advertised in the East, but this
City is far behind the times, simply be
cause the leading men lack the spirit of
co-operation in matters of local improve
ment. In conclusion he said:
It is a well-known fact that the co-operation
of forces massed and united for a common pur
pose effect results which individual means
alone could not attain. Therefore, I would
! suggest that the Chamber of Commerce unite
with the State Board of Trade, the Merchants'
Association, City Board of Trade and Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association for the
purpose of formulating a plan to carry out
something of this character.
In order to effect the end suggested by
Mr. Fisher the board appointed as a com
m'ttee to confer with committees from
other organizations W. H. Mills, E. W.
Masiin and J. A. Fisher.
At the last meeting Manager Filcher was
directed to make inquiry es to what can
be done toward making a good exhibit oi
California products at the pure-food expo
sition in boston. Mr. Filcher stated that
he had called upon the local dinners and
packers and that while they favored such
a move all proclaimed that the product
] this year will not exceed the amount re
quired by the regular customers and to
nil orders already received. In the first
Dlace they cannot spare the product and,
second, there is no use to create a demand
that cannot be tilled. Upon this showing
it was decided to drop the matter.
Cragie Sharp extended an invitation to
the Board of Trade to visit the Oakland
Exposition, which was accepted.
THE LABOR UNIONS.
Shoe-Workers Anxious for a Home In
dustry Trademark.
The Pacific Coast Shoe-workers' Union
met last evening at 915% Market street,
and the committee in charge of the home
industry movement reported having met
with success. Nearly all of the local
shoe manufacturers are in sympathy with
those who are endeavoring to work up an
interest in this direction. The principal
question now before the shoemakers is the
selection of a home product trademark
which they want stamped upon all shoes
of local make. They are anxious to make
an agreement with the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association so that the latter's
trademark may be used in the shoemak
ers' interest.
The Journeymen Barbers' Union met
last evening, and, after adopting their by-
I laws, delegated F. Hodges and F. A. Wolfe
to represent the union at the Merchants'
Association charter convention this even
ing. _
Charged With Murder.
Arthur Jackson, the young man who shot
and killed August Florentine, the saloon
keeper at Twenty-fourth street and Railroad
avenue, on Monday morning, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on the charge of
murder. His companions. Cornelius Hurley
and Charles Laydeii.are'ietalned as witnesses.
:; '■';: ■ '".- ', NEW TO-DAT. '■■ -'- '■.;.:
ii. ii ii Hum "ii ii "'
Take No Substitute-
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
m rr>wr>T;wCT!n MILK
Has always stood ITRST in the estima- .
:■ tion of the American ■ People. No other is
"just as good.". Best Infant Food.
THE SEQUEL TO A
HASTY MARRIAGE,
Hermann Braunschweiger
Jr. Has Been Charged
With Insanity.
HIS FATHER'S ACTION.
The Youog Man Married the
Notorious Sadie Nichols
Last Week.
SAYS HE IS PERFECTLY SANE-
His Mother Laid His Father's Ulti
matum Before Him Which He
Stubbornly R jected.
Hermann Braunschweiger Jr., who mar
ried the notorious Sadie Nichols in Oak
land last Wednesday, was arrested yester
day afternoon on the charge of insanity
and locked up in the inebriate ward in
the Receiving Hospital.
The complaining witness is his father,
Hermann Braunschweiger, the wholesale
liquor merchant, who swore to the com
plaint before Judge Sanderson yesterday.
Braunschweiger Jr. was found at 116
Eddy street, where he was living with his
wife. She followed him to the hospital,
and after condoling with him went in
search of her attorney, Porter Ashe,
to get him to take steps to have her
husband released.
The young man took his arrest good
naturedly. He said his father was a stern
man, bui he was also a just man. He had,
however, made a mistake in having him
arrested for insanity if he thought by that
means to attain his end to get a separation
between him and his wife.
"I am perfectly sane," said he, "and no
one will testify that there is anything
wrong with my mental faculties. I had
not been drinking before my marriage,
but since then I have been taking a little.
I suppose I will have to remain here till
to-morrow morning, but then I feel cer
tain I will be discharged."
Last night the young man's father and
his mother visited him at the hospital.
The mother went to his cell, while the
father remained outside. Sadie was in his
cell at the time and she remained there
the whole time during the interview be
tween the mother and son.
His mother had a proposition to make
to him from his father and she wanted
the opportunity to do it while he was alone.
But it was not afforded her. She told him
that his father, on condition that he would
take steps to annul the marriage with
Sadie Nichols, would send him to one of the
springs to sober up and then he could go
abroad and travel for as long as he liked,
and when the old man died he would get
his just share of his wealth. If, however,
he would not agree to these terms he
would disinherit him and have nothing
further to do with him.
The mother pleaded with him to accept
his father's terms, but after over an hour's
interview she had to leave heartbroken at
his obstinacy as he refused to give the
woman up.
"This is the second scrape that the boy
has been in," said Mr. Braunschweiger.
"About three years ago he got into a
scrape with a woman named Jennie
Grifhn, but she got tired of him and threw
himout.
"He must give up this woman or I will
disinherit him. The boy must have been
mad when be married her. There is a
taint of insanity running through the
family and it seems as if he had his share
of it."
After his mother and Sadie had left him
young Braunschweiger said he felt sorry
for his mother and he could have given
up his life easily if it had been for her
alone. But his father bad made a great
mistake in trying to have him declared
insane. He would not be bulldozed that
way and would just be as stubborn as his
father.
Sadie went in search of a Superior Judge
to get her husband released from the hos
pital and said she would be willing to pay
for the services of a deputy sheriff to keep
HEW TODAY.
Will you encourage pure
food or impure food — a
health-maker or a health-
destroyer ?
Will you keep on buying
your usual stale or colored
tea/ or will you buy Schil-
ling Best?
If Schilling's Best tea
doesn't give you the best
money's-worth of pleasure
that you ever got out of tea,
go back to your grocer and
get your money.
A Schilling fit Company
San Francisco 346
jfGjiANDPiamioN
PELECTRICMOTIVE- POWER
\ ►Transmitted From fbLsoM
gggg
InFAiLTivls
EXCURSION RATES.
HEW TO-DAT.
Holes in Your Health.
What does that mean ? Sup-
pose you are taking in money
all day, and drop it into a
pocket with holes ; you will
find yourself a loser instead of
a gainer by the day's business.
Same with your health. You
eat and drink and sleep, yet
lose instead of gain strength.
There's a hole in your health.
Some blood disease, probably,
sapping your vitality. You
can't begin, too soon, to take
the great blood purifier,
Ayer's Sarsaparilla.
watch over him if that were necessary.
Sne was not successful in her efforts and
Braunschweiger had to remain in the hos
pital.
The first escapade, in a matrimonial
way, in which young Braunschweiper took
part was about three years ago with Mrs.
Jennie Griffin, who is now living at 412
Jones street. It is said that a contract
marriage was entered into between them
at that time, and after living together for
a few weeks she eot tired of him. What
were the exact terms of the contract could
not be ascertained. It cou!d not be in
force now, otherwise his marriage to Badie
Nichols would be illegal.
It is said that if Mf. Braunschweiger Sr.
would offer Sadie a sum of money she
would consent to an annulment of tha
marriage, but he positively refuses to
make any overtures to her in that direc*
tion.
HEW TO-I>AY— AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAYMAN & GO'S THEATERS.
th E ~7\ IAST SIGHTS!
CHARLES fBOHMAH'g
— -E3irißE : THEATER COMPANY 1—
From (tie Kinpire Theater, New York.
The Great Drama by Henry Arthur Jones,
THE MASQUERADERS
A Play of Intense Interest, with Brilliant situ*.
tions, including the
THRILLING CARD SCENE!
NEXT MONDAY PREPARE TO LAUGH!
A Maelstrom of Merriment !
—THE GAY PARISIANS--
ReigninK laughing success of England, Franca
and America! j&3" Presented here by the origi-
nal Cast, from New York, Chicago and Boston.
W. J. FEUGUSON, SADIE MART
; James O. Burrows, Chas. B. Weils, W. R. Shirley,
Mrs. E. J. Phillips. Miss Margaret Uordon
and the Original Great Cast.
JO" Seats Ready To-morrow Morning.
I /I.ATTHE i 4 I SECOND
CALIFORNIA WEEK
THE SWEET SINGER,
CHAUNCBY
OLCOTT
In the Successful Comedy Drama, -
THE IRISH ARTIST.
By Augustus Pitou and George H. Jess op.
MONDAY, August 17,
"THE MINSTREL OF CLARE. "
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
lima. tnjiwu>.. K kkli n.i. Proprietor <& m *£t
Sixth Week of the Season of Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hinkichs.
TO-KTIO-HT,
Friday and Sunday Evenings
MKYEKBKER'S CLASSIC WORK,
THE HUGUENOTS
JNTatali, Bertini Humphrys. Holmes, Micbalena, Da
Vries, AbramotT, Karl. Pache, etc., in the cast.
. i -Thursday and Saturday —
BAJLFK'S BALLAD-OPERA,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!
. Every number a popular gem.
In preparation——
VERDI'S EVER POPULAR OPERA,
" It TROVATORE."'
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Th« Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOKOSUO, Sole Unutxi and Mauasie
A Revelation of Histrionic Art! ■
"THE TWO ORPHANS"
Presented on the Most Elaborate Scale
Ever Given in This City.
Third Week of JAMES M. BROPHY.
Prof. Chas. F. Graeber's Mandolin and Guitar Club.
The full depth of the mammoth stage used for tha
first time in 10 years.
Evening Prices— ~sc and 500.
Family Circle and Gallery, 10c.
Usual l>iatiuees Saturday and Sunday;
O'Farreil streel. Between Stockton and Pow«U.
WeeK Commencing Monday. Aug. 10- j
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday), Aug. 13,
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony, any seac, 10c;
. . Children, 10c. any part.
THE ROARING SUCCESS of the SEASON
T. u9l. 3BLL3E33NT3Xr3E3I>"Sr:
The Hypnotist, In a seance of Fun and Merriment,
I THE FOUR NELSON SISTIJKS.
BIONIM BLACK PATH
TECHOW'S CAT CIRCUS
And a (ireat. Vaudeville Company.
TRICDLAnQLR.<K>TTtOD« C usiMA-ianArnotßJ---
LIKE A CYCLONE!
That is the way it struck them. The very, very
■ funniest of all,
"THE GREAT UNKNOWN," by the
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Next Monday... "THE SOCIAL TRUST."^
THE CHUTES.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
AND EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
CONN FREDERICKS,
THE DEMON CYCLIST,
WILL COAST THE CHUTES
ON A SAFETY BICYCLE
At 1 0 M:. EJaoli Evening.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE HIM.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go- Bound Hide, 5 cent*
GRAND EXCURSION
TO CAZADERO,
EMM GROVE, DUNCANS MILLS, NEXT
SUNDAY, August 16, , personally ' conducted by
J. E. LOCKE. - Special train of tirst-class coaches,
Seats, reserved. Tickets for round : trip, $1 50.
Children *, under 12, only 75c. Over 3 hours' stop
in the Russian River redwoods. Secure - tickets
eariy at 333 O'Farrell street, near Taylor. Offlca
open until 9 p. m. daily.
SUTRO BATHS.
: Open Dally from 7a. m. Until 11 p. m.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children ac j
78
THE WILSON BILL INJURES AMERICAN DAIRYING.
The dairying business of the United
States, though it Has not suffered under
free trade as manufacturing industries
have suffered, has nevertheless felt the
evil effects of the peculiar doctrines of
William Jennings Bryan as put forward in
the Wilson bill, a mild form of the free
trade ideas that occupy so large a space in
the Nebraskan's mental horizon.
Strangely enough one of the greatest
evils to the established dairying industry
is found in competition. Speaking of that
phase of the subject yesterday the chair
man of the State Dairy Bureau said:
"Vast tracts of land heretofore devoted
to the raising of sheep are now turned into
dairying, and the result, together with
free-trade ideas, is very hurtful to the
dairying interests of this coastand the en
tire country. There is no doubt that we
feel the evil" results of the Wilson bill here
as they do in the East. The competition
is in the line of Canadian and Australian
cheese nnd butter, and the truth is that
these thinss have an < ffect on the market.
"While we are not hurt as they are in
manufacturing districts, we have seen
enough to make us strong protectionists."
It is a well-known fact that the dairying
business of the country, and of the Pacific
Coast in particular, has fared badly since
the adoption of the Wilson bill. Never in
the history ot the enterprise have there
been such" lulls and disappointments as
during the past two years, and it is the
belief of those who have made the closest
study of the question that a regime of free
trade in dairy products would be one of
financial ruin.
If the reduction of 2 cents a t>ound on
cheese alone has had so disastrous an ef
fect, what would be the result of absolute
ALL SOLID FOR
THE CHARTER.
Sentiments of the Richmond
District Residents For
mally Expressed.
ATTENTIVE AUDITORS.
They Listen to an Able Address
by Postmaster Me-
Coppin
HIS REMAEKS FULLY INDORSED
Further Meetings of the People to B^
Held in Support of the
Instrument.
Hon. Frank McCoppin had a Jarge and
representative audience of the residents of
the Richmond District before him last I
night when he deiivered his address on
the proposed new charter before the Rich
mond District Improvement Association,
in Kindergarten Hall, at the corner of Cal
ifornia street and Fourth avenue.
Cbaries H. Hubbs, the president of the j
association, was in the chair, and Secre- j
tary J. G. Maloney was also at his post of
duty. It was expected that James D. ¥he
lan would be one of the speakers, but he
was prevented from .being present by other j
pressing business, and 6ent a letter of re- 1
{_ r*-- 1 . stadng that he would be pleased to j
a; pear before the association on some j
other occasion and address them on the 1
Eubject of the charter.
Postmaster McCoppin spoke as follows,
his address being frequently interrupted
by applause: I
Ever since man became a fe'regarious animal,
the question ot town government— the govern
tnent of towns and cities — hrfs vexed and inter
ested him. The Greeks dealt with it, and
Athens when governed by a .Democracy dis- j
honored itself by putting to death its foremost '
citizen. Socrates, why taught tlie purest -
moritls, and who, as has been said, anticipated
Christianity, was potto death by the Eleven
upon the absurd charge of corrupting the
youth. What would history say should our
Twelve H'ljusiße some good" man— say Mayor
Butro— guilty of faise teachings and order him
todri.:k the hemlock? What would the Mayor
s ■ • Would his last words be "Onto, I owe a
cock to Iluntiitgton, will you remember to pay
tht- debt?"
When the Roman empire fell it leit stand
ing an acceptable system of town government
which was carric-d forward in:o the middle
aj:es and practiced In a way that we might
upou occasion imitate with profit to ourselves.
This subject is dealt with at large by Guizot in
liis "History of Civilization." He tells us
how upon aii appointed day each year the
electors of towns were summoned by the toll
ing of bells to a Tilace of meeting, where they
elected their officers— magistrates they were
called— to serve one year. But if at any time
the representatives so chosen happened to go
v.rong— to form themselves into "nines" or
"sevens," no matter how solid— the bell rang
out again, and the recalcitrant magistrates
were deposed and their successors chosen
upon the spot. The admirabla system of town
government so long prevalent in New England
wrts borrowed from Old England — trans
planted by the Pilgrim Fathers.
Jt is worthy of note that Boston was the first
town in America to see the necessity for public
grounds for the recreation of its people. As
early as 1634 that town purchased the Boston
Common from William islaxton and dedicated
it to public use. That was 14! i years before
the Declaration of Independence was promul
gated and the narbor of San Francisco discov
ered.
The glory of this harbor's discovery belongs
not to a sailor. Here he missed his chance.
Drake came the nenrest to it, but even he
missed it. Drake whs no: seeking for undiscov
ered har bors; he had ail he could do to get
away with the plunder with which;the Pelican,
afterward the Golden Hind, wus overladen
w hen fie touched at what is known as Drakes
Buy to refit.
The discovery of this harbor was made by
the Franciscan priests, who enme hither over
land looking for a favorable place at which to
found a mission to be dedicated to the patron
sainr of their order. Having discovered the
liurbor, the "San Carlos," a i-maii vessel be
longing to the missionaries, was ordered here
from Monterey with the necessary appurte
nances ior tne establishment of the Presidio
and the mifsion, and strange to relate she was
two months in making the harbor. That was
the lirst vessei to enter the Golden Gate. The
little .settlement thus established may be said
to haves'.cpt for seventy years, or until 1840.
when there was a change of flags and of sov
ereignty, but the town had yet two years of
tranquillity to its credit. Marshall's discov
ery in 1848 moved the world profoundly, and
cHused a rude awakening here. Ships upon
everr sea, carrying men from every dime un
der the sun, set their compasses for the Golden
Gate, and this sleepy old town became one of
the notablest places in the world. A hybrid
town government was setup here to meet the
new conditions — a mixture of Spanish and
American— with the results which now con
front you.
The Alcalde was succeeded by a'dual govern
ment—City and County— which was abolished
by Horace Hawes' consolidation act in 1856.
llaives, a man of marked ability, had a fond
ness for charter-mating, and put an enormous
fimount of labor into the construction of the
consolidation act. It whs framed for a city of
n i out 50,000 people, who were neither mil
lionaires nor pauper.*— the vicissitudes of time
Lai not yet classified them — but who were
fioicely jealous of their civic rights and de
lended tnemeven tothedeath. Mr. Hawes had
*een a good deal of the world before he came '
here; he was without illusions, thought men
could not be trusted in their dealings with the
Government, and drew his charter accordingly. -
As it came from his hand it was a piece of i
grauite work. slmDle. symmetrical, comnletp.
Cheap Products From Afar Hurt Our Farmers*
Canada Is a Menace—Facts That Show What
the Policy of Bryan Would Do If It
Had Full Sway*
free trade? It would surely have the farm
labor of the United States at the mercy of
low prices and pauperism from afar.
There is not anywhere a better method
of coming to results in questions of prac
tical economics than that of studying the
evidence given by those engaged in a busi
ness. In the dairying industry it is well
to bear this rule in mind, and lest it be
thought that California's adversity in that
line be peculiarly local, it is not amiss to
study opinions from other sources.
The R. Murphy Company of Gordon
Plain, 111., made the following reply to
the inquiries of the Tariff Commission as
to the question of a duty :
"We make about 300,000 pounds of butter
a year. We are not producing as many
goods as in 1892. Canada, with cheap
lands and low wages, can produce cheaper
than the United States. The wages of
one year ago were $2 50 to $3 a day."
Here is the reply of J. M. Nutting of
"Westminster, Vt., manufacturer of but
ter, made just before the "Wilson bill went
intojeffect:
But what is it now? For forty years members
of , he Legislature armed with crowbars, jim
mies and other appliances have been amending
it, uneil now its author wouldn't know it,
would hardly spit upon it, bo defaced is it.
In the sense of a coherent system, framed
and executed for the benefit of all alike, there
is no such thing here as municipal govern
ment. There is certain machinery by which
the rich and powerful can do as they please,
but there it practically ends.
I wish some public-spirited citizen would
have a map of this City made— it need not cost
to exceed $50 to $100— showing in colors the
property (lots and streets worth millions of
dollars)* that has been filched from this com
munity within the past twenty years. I would
like to see such a map hung up in some pub
lic place as an object lesson. It might be sup
plemented by a pamphlet giving the names of
persons who have appropriated this property
together with the resolutions and other acts
and ordinances by which the thefts have been
accomplished. What has ever been done, what
action taken, what suits instituted to recover
this property? And yet there are people who
siiy we have a government and that the con
solidation act is better than the new charter.
Ido not intend to go into the minutiae of
either the old or the new charter to-night.
From what I have already said you will appre
hend what I tnink of the old. As to the new
many objections are made, mostly trivial as I
think. What is called the one-man power is
much objected to. It is said the Lord Mayor
would have too much power, too much patron
age. The Park and Police Commissi oners
and the Board of Health are now appointed
by the Governor. V.'hat self-respecting citizen
of this municipality is there who would not
prefer to have them appointed by the Mayor?
And would any man tit to be Mayor,
or even dog-catcher, have treated this City
as some Governors have treated it in regard to
some of these appointments? And yet there
is an outcry raised against the exercise of this
power by the head of the municipal govern
ment.
What I say touching these matters is not lev
eled, nor meant to be leveled, at the present
capable executive of the State. My purpose is
to detend the principle of home rule for San
Francisco as I find it in the proposed charter.
The functions of the Board of Health are
purely local. It is known in law as the Board
oi Health for the City and County of San Fran
cisco, and in addition to the Mayor consists of
four physicians in good standing residing in
San Francisco. In addition to its duties apper
taining to tne health of the City, including the
harbor witn its quarantine regulations and
the appointment of numerous physicians, in
spectors and secretaries, it has also charge of
the wards of the City. The inmates of the hos
pitals and almshouse are under its charge.
This board appoints the physicians, matrons,
superintendents and such other employes as
are authorized by law. All the expenditures
which it is authorized to make are payable out
of the general fund of the City, and amount in
the aggregate to hundreds of thousands of dol
lars per annum. Surely there can be no good
reason why the City in its corporate capacity
and through the Mayor as the official head
should not appoint and control this board.
What were formerly known as the outside
lands, which embraced ail the territory west of
Devisadero street to the ocean, were granted
by Congress in 1866 to the City upon certain
trusts lor the benefit of lotholders, "except
such parcels thereof as may be reserved and
set apart by ordinance for public uses."
It was tnis act which enabled, the City to
acquire Golden Gate Park, the City cemetery
of 200 acres, the great ocean highway ana
numerous other reservations of large pros
pective value. To improve these grounds and
make them what they are to-day the people of
this community have voluntarily taxed them
selves for nearly thirty years. The grant of
this land to the City by the General Govern
ment was wholly unrestricted— the City could
have reserved the very last acre of it for pub
lic uses had it chosen to do so.
The people of San Francisco are now paying
at the rate of about $300,000 per annum for
the improvement and maintenance of the
park, and there is no good reason known tome
why the Commissioners should not be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and thus be under the
immediate control of the municipality.
The act of 1878, reorganizing the Police De
partment of this City, provided that the Judges
of the Fourth, Twelfth and Fifteenth District
courts should appoint a new Police Commis
sion to take the place of the old one, which
was then elective. The commission thus con
stituted was meant by the Legislature to be
strictly non-partisan.
The new constitution having abolished the
District courts the appointing power was hung
up in the air, where it remained until the Gov
ernor of the State for the time-being seized
upon and abused it by the appointment of a
partisan politician. This commission in addi
tion to regulating the Police Department con
trols the liquor traffic in this City. No man
can open a saloon or sell a glass of liquor here
without their permission. These are diMies
which call for the exercise of a large and va
ried local knowlege, the growth of experience,
and should be coupled with ability, honesty
aud firmness; and the appointment of Com
missioners should of all things be lodgtd in
the hands of the Mayor, who would be ex
pected to exercise a personal supervision and
watchfulness over the workings of the depart
ment.
We have here a free public library, which, so
far as I know, is conducted in a satisfactory
manner, but is conducted upon a principle
which is wholly inconsistent with the idea of
local self-government. The Legislature of the
State in 1878 named the board of trustees —
eleven in number— and made it self-perpetuat
ing and from that time to this it has con
tinued itself in office, the survivors filling va
cancies as the} 1 happen to occur. This being a
purely local matter, supported exclusively by
local taxation, its control should be directly
in the hands of the municipality and its trus
tees appointed by the Mayor of the City.
In this connection 1 should like to say that
the Public Library is not in a proper place. I
have thought so for some time, but as this is
to be a year of self-denial and economies in
the matter of public expenditures I have not
deemed it advisable to make a public appeal
in behalf of a more suitable location and build
ing this year. You all know what the City
Hall is and what all city halls are. Under
neath is a prison to which the vicious and un
fortunate are dragged at all hours of the day
and night. Upstairs congregate a multitude of
people who ure not seeking a library and would
not be comfortable if they were in one I
should think that the books wouldn't feel at
home thete, and that the young and innocent
who seek them in that place are liable to wit
ness sights which are shocking to tender sen
sibilities.
A tree public library should have pleasant
surroundings. Tf possible, it ought to be
located in a park, and for this purpose I would
suggest the center of Jefferson Square as a suit
able locality. I merely let thesu remarks iall
at the present time, hoping that they will
effect a lodgment in the public mind and that
the subject will be takeu up and acted upon
hereafter.
Thus we find employed in this City to-day
and paid out of its treasury fully 1000
men who hold office under the boards, com
missions and trustees of one sort and another
appointive by the Governor. Even the City's
gravedigger— the man who puts under ground
the pauper dead — owes his place not to the
municipal authorities, but to the Board of
Health appointed by the Governor.
You have probably observed that Supervisor
Taylor complained a few days ago of the ex
travagance'of the Park Commission during
the past year when he says they unnecessarily
expended $60,000 for a park lodge, and at the
same time the gardener complained thai some
of the trees were dying for want of fertilizing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
"Our make is abont 140,000 pounds an
nually. In the country places wages have
kept up till recently. I think the cause of
the present dull times is largely the un
certainty of the tariff legislation. My
idea would have been not to have changed
the tariff laws very much at the present
time, as the country was in a fairly pros
perous condition. My idea would be to
make such tariff laws as would protect the
farmers, as when the farmers of a country
are prosperous the whole country is in a
happy state. One word about wool.
Since Congress has talked about free wool
there has not been a buyer of wool through
this place to my knowledge."
In the same line A. & D. Beckwith of
Lona Rock, Wis., say:
'"What we want is tariff sufficient to
keep all the manufacturers in the United
States at worn, and those they employ at
good wa.es, so they can buy our cheese,
butter, egsis and farm products. The
laboring class is what makes a country
prosperous when employed at good wages.
Home trade is the best; we get rid of the
This, it seems to me, is a shameful confession
under tne circumstances. Would not $60,000
buy a good deal of manure? I should say that
60,01)0 loads of dung, if applied to the roots of
thoje dying trees, would be more beneficial to
the park than that unnecessary lodge at its
entrance.
Wouid a Park Commission appointed by the
Mayor — who is always here and who would
take cognizance of what is going on— instead
of by the Governor, who, from the nature of
things, is seldom here, be likely to expend
$60,000 upon a vice- regal lodge while the
trees were dying for want of manure? If the
people of this City prefer to be governed in
this way, by boards, commissions, and trustees
chosen for them from without, they will vote
against the new charter and continue as a de
pendency, but if they wish to govern them
selves they will vote for it.
We are to id that the offices which the Mayor
would fill by appointment under the proposed
charter, ought to be elective; that to make
them appointive would be to deprive the
electors of the right of choice which they now
enjoy. Now I give myseif leave to say that at
each election we are required to vote for so
many people that an intelligent, discriminat
ing choice is impossible in each case.
At the next election, which will not embrace
the choice of State officers, we in this county
shall have to deal with a ticket almost as large
as the page of a newspaper and covered with
the names of candidates for Presidential elec
tors, members of the Legislature, Boards of Su
pervisors and School Directors, also Judges
great and small, besides numerous other mu
nicipal officers. The electors— sixty or more
thousand oi them— are expected to take a
ticket of this character into a narrow booth
and in a very short time stamp a cross in front
of the name of each person for whom he elects
to vote. Thi? is a task that I personally have
never been able to perform to my own satis
faction, and I suppose there are thousands of
others who would make a like confession ii
called upon.
The result is that the names upon the last
half of the ticket receive but about one-half
of all the votes cast. Therefore, in giving the
Mayor the appointment of some of the inferior
officers of the municipality, together with
those not appointed from abroad, you would
not be depriving the electors of any privilege
which they value— you would merely relieve
them of a duty which they now perform
either reluctantly or not at all.
I understand that considerable opposition
has manifested itself to that provision in the
new charter which says:
"The Board of Education shall not appoint
any person to be a teacher in the primary or
grammar classes of the schools of this City "and
County except upon competitive examination
of those persons holding teachers' certificates
and who have been educated in the public
school system of the State of California."
It is alleged by some that this limitation is
illiberal, narrow, selfish; that these positions
should be open to all persons competent to
teach, no matter whence they come. It should
be remembered that this City expends annu
ally for the maintenance of tier public schools
a million dollars, not including her contribu
tions to the support of State normal schools
and the university; and in view of this large
outlay of money and of the fact that from the
public schools are graduating annually a large
number of persons qualified to act as teachers,
It is not to be wondered at perhaps if the City
should be a little jealous of its prerogatives in.
the matter of employing teachers.
In regard to the boards, commissioners and
trustees that I have named as appointed by
the Governor— and which I contend ought to
be appointed by the Mayor— the law provides
that they shall be citizens and residents of San
Francisco. All the State officers are required
to be citizens and residents of the State. The
municipal officers are required to be citizens
Rnd residents of the City, and in case of mem
bers of the Legislature and Board of Super
visors, of the districts which they represent.
We cannot tuie a citizen, of another county
and make him Mayor, Supervisor, or other
officer of the City. The paragraph quoted is
more liberal than these laws to which nobody
objects, because the field from which to
choose teachers, is coextensive with the boun
daries of the State. Had they limited the
appointment of teachers here to those
educated in the public schools of
the City, there might, perhaps, be room for
carping, but even then it could be defended
upon the principle that those who furnish the
banquet usually invite the cuests. The public
schools are open to all alike ; there is no one at
the gate to question the child's right to enter
there. Many people, however, living here
and elsewhere In California, who, not believ
ing in the public schoois or in their methods
of teaching, prefer to have their children edu
cated in other places and in other ways. It is
claimed that those educated in this way
would, under the paragraph of the charter
quoted, be deprived of the chance emolument
of. teachers in the public schools hereafter.
But I understand this is not the case. The
State normal schools furnish a Way out of the
difficulty. Pupils from private schools can en
ter them, and, by passing the requsite exam
inations obtain the coveted certificate wnlch
would enable them to teach in the public
schools.
Having answered the objections to this para
graph point by point, I am told finally that it
leveled against the Catholics and was inserted
in the charter by their enemies. I find in the
character of the men who framed the charter
and recommended it to the people for adop
tion a complete refutation of this allegation.
J. J. O'Brien, and the other enlightened citi
zens who comprised the Board of Freeholders
that framed this charter, can be trusted upon
this point. Besides if I believed this allega
tion were true I would be one of the first to
resent it and one of the last to recommend the
adoption of an instrument thus tainted. Were
the political institutions of this countiyever
to fall under the control of those, if such there
be, who would proscribe any portion of their
fellow-citizens on account of their religious
beliefs, the Declaration of Independence, with
its promises, and the constitution of the
United States, -.vith its guarantees, would not
be worth to me the sweepings of your hall.
But such conditions can never arise in this
country, becauso the American people are too
wise for that.
When Lincoln, in his immortal speech at
Gettysburg, spoke of a government by, for and
qi the people, he meant all the people of the
United States. England, with its established
church, of which the sovereign is the head,
and its House of Lords where Bishops sit as
law-givers, was tho last of the enlightened na
tions to throw down the barriers which ex
cluded the nonconformists, Catholics and
Jews from her halls of legislation, and other
high places in the realm; but now they are all
admitted and admissible. To-day the Lord
Chief Justice of England, Baron Russell, is an
Irish Roman Catholic. It is not bo very long
since the House of Commons, by unanimous
vote, petitioned the crown to have a monu
ment erected in \Vestminster Abbey to Benja
min Disraeli, and Mr. Gladstone, in making
the' motion, said the dead statesman never
hesitated to defend his race, even at the ex
pense of his own popularity.
I have dwelt upon these sectarian matters
thus much, and perhaps you will think over
much, because they have entered into this con
treversy, and it has become necessary to taKe
notice of them.
The religious sentiments of the people are
being played upon for the purpose of making
votes against the charter. Of course you must
.expect opposition to it from the 1000 or more
per.^oi/s who hold offices here under extrane
ous influences.
It is reported that the police are making an
active canvass against the charter, though
why they should do so I am at a loss to know,
because it re-enacts the act 01 1873, which
took them out of politics— put them under
middlemen. I hope you will fix things
up so we will have good times."
It is the same in other lines of dairy
products. Wherever they come in com
petition with the cheaper lands and labor
of foreign countries they are at a tre
mendous disadvantage.
The Helvetia Milk Condensing Com
pany of Highland, 111., say:
"We consider a specific duty of 2]4 cents
per pound, including all packages, neces
sary and at the same time sufficient to
place our product on equal footing with
the foreign. The specific duty is the most
practical, because it obviates a qualitative
and quantitative analysis which would be
necessary in order to ascertain the in
trinsic value of every lot imported. This
rate is necessary in order to cover the ex
isting differences in cost of labor (which
is particularly great in office and skilled
labor), rate of interest, and fire insurance,
while taking into consideration that the
cost of our raw material, with the proba
ble exception of tin cans, also the rate of
freight from foreign establishments to our
civil service law— and provided insurance and
pension funds for them. The park influence
will oppose the charter, as will also the belong
ings oi the Health Board and all other in
fluences opposed to local self-government.
Allied with these you will find the representa
tives of the public utilities, the ownership of
which the people hope to acquira under the
charter.
It is objected that the charter is too long
let us admit it, but the freeholders say they
had no time to make it shorter. Paradoxical
as it may seem, it takes more time to draw a
short document than it does to draw a long
one, provided it is important. Besides noth
ing is complete at first— not even the work of
the Creator, whose mighty hand wiil ulti
mately form out of the nebulous matter now
rolling through space innumerable worlds.
There are some well-meaning people who
think they see danger to the commonwealth in
what they call the one-man power in the
charter. They fear that the Mayor, by the ex
excise of the powers the charter would confer
upon him, might become an autocrat—some
thing to dread like the soulless monster
Frankenstein. LecJcy in his late book "Demo
cracy and Liberty" calls attention to the
growth of one-man power in the municipal
life of the United States, and quotes approv
ingly what four emiuent writers, Ford. Bryce,
Laveleye and Gilman, have said upon the sub
ject.
They lay down these propositions: 1. "There
can be no question that one of the most pro
lific sources of official corruption and incom
petencylies in the multiplication of elective
offices. " 2. "That this multiplication instead
oi strengthening materially diminishes popu
lar control, for it confuses issues, divides and
obscures responsibility, weakens the moral ef
fect of each election, bewilders the ordinary
elector, who knows little or nothing of the
merits of the different candidates, and inevit
ably ends by throwing the chief power into the
hands of a small knot of wirepullers. The sys
tem has accordingly grown up in America of
investing Mayors of towns with an almost au
tocratic authority and making them respon
sible for the eood government of the ctty. 3.
"The tendency is visibly strengthening in the
United States to concentrate administrative
powers in the hands of one man and to hold
him responsible for its wise and honest use.
.Diffusion of responsibility through a crowd of
legislators has proved to be a deceptive method
Of securing the public welfare."
Ko man, by the use or abuse of the powers
the charter would confer upon him, could for
long control the 70,000 electors of San Fran
cisco. Patronage is a thing to be feared and
shunned by ambitious men. Probably by the
time the Mayor should have disposed of his
patronage he would feel as the Tennessean felt
when he dined at the White House. When
Juckson was Preside at one of his old neighbors
visited the Kational capital and was invited to
a state dinner. It was when table napkins
were an innovation and when few people in
the United States were acquainted wit U their
use. Observing that the other guests spread
their napkins across their knees the gentle
man from the rural district did likewise, but,
unfortunately for him, just as soup was
served trie starched thing slid from his knees
to the floor and in stooping to pick it up his
head struck the rim of his plate upsetting the
hot soup upon his bald head. As soon as he
recovered from the wreck he looked around
the board and said "I wish I were in hell."
But suppose we should happen to get a strong,
capable, ambitious man for Mayor — one who
by doing his duty well and fearlessly should
win political preferment, I for one would be
very glad of it. For fifty jears, commencing
wi th the Alcaldes, the Mayors of San Francisco
have marched in unbroken procession from
that office into the political limbo, from which
but one escaped. He was out long enough to
be Governor for a few months and then per
ished.
Over that door leading to the Mayor's office
should be written the words, "Hither Shalt thou
come, but no farther."
The one-man power Is the only effective
power that can t>e introduced into the City
Hall by the adoption of the charter. It is as
necessary there as it is upon a ship's deck or
at the head ol an army. The municipality is
now a headless thing, and in case of need the
people have no one to turn to for guidance and
protection.
In case of civil commotion the Governor of
the State can call out the militia, but here the
civic authority would first have to be ex
hausted before calling upon the Governor.
Should danger menace this community at any
time, who is there to speak for it in the name
of the law or to take up the staff of authority
and say "Follow me"?
Gentlemen of the Richmond District, lam
in favor of clothing the chief magistrate of
our City with all the dignity and power com
patible with the office, and if you can bring
yourselves to agree with the views I have ex
pressed you will vote for the charter.
After the speaker had been thanked by
resolutions, a motion was unanimously
adopted indorsing the sentiments ex
pressed by the Postmaster and pledging
the members of the association to the sup
port of the charter.
Maurice Samuels, W. J. Simon, Ed L.
O'Connor, Deputy Postmaster Doyle and
several others addressed the meeting, all
speaking in favor of the proposed new in
strument for the government of the City.
Just before he declared the meeting ad
journed President Hubbs stated that there
would hereafter be monthly meetings of
the association and that the charter would
receive more or lobs attention at all of the
gatherings and that prominent citizens
would be invited to address the people on
this important subject.
A CANDY FIRM FAILS.
H. Pfenninger & C o . Assigns for the
Benefit of Creditors*
H. Pfenninger & Co., confectioners at
1910 Market street, have turned their busi
ness stock and fixtures over for the bene
fit of their creditors. This firm has been
in existence for the past eleven years, but
daring the last three years or so it has
been gradually running behind, and on
Thursday the proprietors gave a bill of
sale of the entire business to L. Saroni,
the heaviest creditor, for the benefit of all
to wnom money :s due.
The total amount of indebtedness does
not amount to over $3000, and the largest
sum, due to Mr. Saroni, is not over $600.
Nearly all the claims against the business
are for stock furnished, except one for $500,
which is claimed is due to one of Mr.
Pfenninger's relatives. This ciaim will
probably be withdrawn. The dull times
of the last few years it the cause assigned
for the failure.
Abused His Wife.
John Dupree, . proprietor of ; the Bottle
Keonig Theater, was arrested last evening on
complaint of ? John Geary, proprietor of the
Eureka Theater, and detained at the California
street police station on a charge of threats to
kill. v Dupree married . Geary's daughter two
years ago, and the latter , alleges that the
former is in the habit of unmercifully abusing
his wife, hence his arrest
• — *. — •
; ' Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue. :• v - :
seaports, as compared with those from the
Mississippi Valley, are about eaual."
The effect of the law on imported cheese
was plainly put by S. Galle & Co., cheese
importers of New York, wno said:
'"If the free-trade policy rules, it will, in
our opinion, and it is not an opinion only,
but will becirme a certain fact — deprive
many a farmer in this country of a fair
livelihood, as he could not compete to pro
duce as cheaply as the European does on
certain grades of cheese.
"The high-priced and fancy European
makes of cheese, duty at 25 per cent ad va
lorem, would make the duty at 4 cents a
pound, or thereabouts, while, for instance,
the product of Germany, requiring but a
few pounds of milk to make a pound of
cheese, at 25 per cent ad valorem duty,
would make it from 1 to 2 cents duty per
pound only, cheese that is now, so to
say, entirely produced here for the home
consumption "and would at once open the
doors for the foreign articJe and compel
the farmers here to produce at so low a
price to compete that it would be utterly
impossible for them to work on a paying
basis, so that they would have to abandon
the manufacture thereof ai.d see* other
fields to make a living.
"It is likewise so with the cheese manu
factured in Switzerland, for the imitation
Swiss cheese made here would bave to be
produced at so low a figure that a very ex
tensive area, devoted to the manufacture
of this article and largely so produced in
various States, would very seriously suffer,
and importation be invited to the great
detriment of the home market."
Examples might be multiplied indefi
nitely. It is enough to say that a careful
study of every phase of the dairy industry
shows that it is seriously affected by com
petition with the cheap products of
foreign countries.
THEY WANT MONEY
FOR THEIR COWS,
Dairymen Have a Confer
ence With the Board
of Health.
DELAY IS REQUESTED.
Hope Expressed That the Legis
lature Will Indemnify
Owners.
CLUNIE FOR THE MILKMEN.
Occupants of the Labor Camp on
Waller Street Will Have to
Vacate in Ten Days.
Milkmen, great and small, were much in
evidence at the Health Office last night at
the conference between the Board of Health
and dairymen of the City and County.
The milkmen have been complaining that
the summary methods of the health in
spectors left them without compensation
for condemned cows, and they attended in
evident readiness for a wordy war. How
ever, everything went off smoothly.
Dr. Morse opened the meeting by stating
that its object was to determine upon some
efficacious means for discontinuing the sale
of diseased milk and for the inspection of
cows suspected of being affected with tuber
culosis.
A nnmber ol communications in refer
ence to the matter in hand were read by
the secretary, one from a prominent
dairyman recommending that the time for
applying the tuberculinetest be postponed
until the Ist of April, 1897.
"We believe it absolutely necessary,"
said Dr. Morse, commenting upon the
last-named letter, "that the health of the
City should be looked after. It is our
duty, in so far as we may be able, to work
for the general adoption of the most effi
cient means for the eradication of all men
aces to the physical well-being of the
City."
Attorney Andrew Clunie, who acted as
spokesman for the dairymen of San Fran
cisco, opened the case, so to speak, for his
clients, by stating that all the reputable
milkmen of the City were willing and de
sirous to work with the Board ol Health
for the extermination of tuberculosis in
dairy cattle at any reasonable sacrifice.
"At the same time," he proceeded,
"some compensation should be given to
the innocent owners of unhealthy cows.
One case of peculiar hardship occurred
only a few days ago. A man who owned
fifty-three cows was forced to lose thirty
eight of them, which had been condemned
as tuberculous by the health officers. This
seems hardly just, and is not the rule in
England nor in the United States.
"We are not here to antagonize the
board. We don't -want any controversies.
We could, if we wished, carry the matter
into the courts and tie up your bands in
some way, but that is not what we are
looking for.
"All we request is a little time wherein
to purchase new cows, if necessary, and
get things into proper condition. Still,
we must have some guarantee that our
cows will not be condemned and killed
within a week. I ask, then, that action in
this matter by the board be delayed until
after the next meeting of the State Legis
lature.
W. J. Martin of the San Mateo Board of
Health agreed substantially with Mr.
Clunie in recommending that no imme
diate fiction be taken. He said that in
San Mateo there were abont 27,000 cows,
the milk from many of which was regu
larly sent to San Francisco. The Board
of Health of that county was, he said
working in harmony with the dairymen
for the bringing about of a regime of pure,
healthy milk. '
A general discussion ensued, after which
Dr. Morse and Mr. Clunie indulged in a
little tussle as to the power of inspectors to
kill tuberculous cows immediately upon
detection. J
"And it looks as though suspected cows
fared no better," added the attorney in a
somewhat aggrieved tone.
''Every cow is open to suspicion of
tuberculosis nowadays," replied Dr. Morse
dryly.
"No benefit of the doubt," rejoined
Clunie, sadly; "not even for a poor cow."
Dr. Pierce, veterinary surgeon of the
Board of Health of Oakland, said the City
Council of his town was about to pass an
ordinance similar to the San Francisco
milk ordinance. Themiltmenof Alarae
da County were in favor of a rigorous
application of the tuberculine test. At the
same time he thought the prevalence of
tuberculosis had been much exaggerated,
at least so far as localities ontside the City
and County of San Francisco. He recom
mended a postponment of the obligatory
application of the test.
Mr. Taylor of the Millbrae Dairy and
other prominent dairymen also favored a
delay until after legislative action could
be taken.
J. B. Heinstein, who had been doing a
little figuring all by himself, said that if
out of the 330,000 cows in the State 40 per
cent were condemned a? tuberculous, es
timating their average value to the owner
nt $30, the actual loss sustained by their
condemnation would be about $4,000,000,
He doubted whether the Legislature
would pass an.act for the indemnification
of the owners.
"All we ask is a chance," answered
Clunie; "some compensation will doubt
less be allowed."
"Well," said Dr. Morse, "we understand
each other a little better than we did. If
any new move is made by the board the
dairymen will receive timely notice."
The camp at the intersection of Pierce
and Waller streets was reported as being
I much overcrowded and filthy beyond
description. It was ordered that its occu
pants receive immediate notice to vacate
the premises within ten days.
COONEY PAID HIS FINE.
The Court Finally Wearied of
Delay and Enforced Its
Sentence.
Probability ct Further Fines if
Cooney Falls to Obey Orders
of the Court.
Notary Public James J. Cooney of Fair
will case tame had a very short and very
expensive interview with a deputy sheriff
yesterday afternoon, and when the two
men parted the notary was $50 poorer and
the deputy had done his duty.
Mr. Cooney was sitting in his office in
the Phelan building looking over some
depositions when the deputy walked in,
and presenting a paper, said :
"Mr. Cooney I have been instructed to
place you under arrest."
Mr. Qeoney evidently knew the reason
of the proceeding, but was apparently sur
prised. However, he said quietly:
"Contempt proceedings, 1 suppose?"
"That is correct," answered the deputy.
Tne notary studied the paper a moment,
looked at the signature, and then went
slowly down into his pocket and produced
an eagle and two shining twenties.
"Give me a receipt, please," he said, and
after doing so the deputy was bowed
courteously out of the office, and Mr.
Cooney resumed his labors, poorer, but
wiser.
The paper produced by the deputy, and
which had occasioned such a prompt re
sponse on the part of the notary, was a
bench warrant signed by presiding Su
perior Judge Slack, ordering the arrest
and incarceration of tiie notary for con
tempt in default of the payment of $50.
Some time ago. when the Craven deeds
to a large amount of the Fair property
were first taken into court, Notary Cooney,
who acknowledged them, was called to
give a full exposition of the part he had
taken in the transaction.
His testimony was looked upon by the
attorneys as of vital importance, and they
wanted him very mucb. Despite thn sub
pena, the notary was not on hand when he
was expected, and those who wanted him
to tell now the aged millionaire had signed
the documents were disappointed. The
matter was put over for a time, but still the
notary was derelict, and Judge Slack began
to grow impatient of the delay and the evi
dent disregard of the court's order. The
day came when excuses of counsel would
no longer till tne bill, and Judge Slack per
emptorily ordered the witness to appear
without further delay. StiJl no Cooney
appeared, and a fine of $50 was imposed.
The fine was not carried into effect at the
time, but yesterday the Judge signed an
order of arrest unless it was paid.
Judge Slock when seen at his residence
last evening stated that lie hal signed the
order of arrest because Cooney had delib
erately and persistently refused to appear
in court to answer important questions
touching the pencil deeds on which Mrs.
Craven hopes" to establish her claim to
some of the Fair millions.
"When Mr. Cooney first came into con
tempt of court in refusing to appear," said
Judge Slack, "I imposed a fine of $50. His
attorney asked for a stay of execution
until yesterday to give him a chance to
look into his rights in the matter, and I
granted the request, hoping tbat he would
relieve me of the necessity of enforcing the
fine.
"The time accorded him expired yes
terday and he did not appear, and I in
tended to issue an order of arrest then,
but out it off until to-day to give him
plenty of time. His failure" to answer to
his name to-day left me no alternative
but to cause him to be taken into custody
if he did not care to put up the $50.
"If Mr. Cooney persists in disobeying
the court he may be fined more heavily
the next time time he is adjudged guilty
of contempt."
John Helnzman's Estate.
Magdalena Clara Heinzman has been ap
pointed executrix, witnout bonds, of the estate
of John Heinzman. The property is worth
$20,000.
HEW TO-DAY.'
LASTWEEK^
This is your last chance to get
good shoes at such unheard-of prices.
Our clearance sale has been most suc-
cessful, and will positively close
Saturday evening, August 15th. On
Monday, the 17th, we ooen the Fall
season with the latest Shoe novelties
for men, womsn and children.
LAST WEEK BARGAINS.
Infants' Tan Cloth, top button, tan kid,
foxed, sizes 2to 5, reduced lrom $1 25 to 70c
Child's Dongola Kid Button, spring heel, tips
•lightly damaged, sizes Bto 10y a , E and
XX, reduced from 91 25 to 65c
Ladies' Fine Kid. one-strap sandal, pointed
toe, reduced from §2 to f 1 45
Turkish Slippers, sizes 3 to 4, only 40c
Ladles' White Canvas Oxfords, to close them
out, reduced to f 1 00
Boys' Veal Calf Button, all sizes up to 6 $1 15
Men's Hand Welt Bluchers, Piccadilly toe,
regular $3 50 shoe, down to M $1 90
For other Bargains see window
display. Come THIS WEEK.
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Headquarters for Buckingham &
Hecht's Fine Shoes.
Country orders receive special and
prompt attention.
Send for Catalogues.
ILK FOB SALE.
20 TO 50 CANS PER DAY.
APPLY AT 307 BATTERY STREET.
' ' NEW TO- DAT. . -
FOR
i Staying Power
Strength for
Exertion
in Training, and in all important
Games and Races, the Athletes of
Yale, Cornell, the • University of
Pennsylvania, etc. , depend upon the
great African tonic-stimulant
Vino-Kolafra
In cases of Tardy Convalescence,
Debility, Muscular Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Anaemia, Nervous
Dyspepsia, functional Heart Affec-
tions, Melancholia, Asthma, and the
coldness and feebleness of Age, this
preparation has proved itself to be a
tonic, invigorant, vitalizer and
■ strengthener of the highest efficacy,
and adapted for the use of
Invalids Sfsx;-
Its action Is pervading and sustaining, and
followed by no bad effect. Giving strength
- to the strong it Rives greater proportion.
. ate strength to the weak.
Sold by Druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson 4 Johnson, Selling Agent*.
92 William St., New York,
PRICES
LOWER
THAN EVER.
JOE POHKIM, THE TAILOR,
MAKES THE BEST-FITTING CLOTHES IN
the State at 25 per cent less than any other
tailor.
Pants to Order. Suits to Order."
$3.50. 15. $1000.
$4.50. JHk $13-50.
$5.00. I § $15.00.
se.oo. M $17.50.
$7.00. /if $20.
$8.00. jjjj $2500.
AND UPWARDS.
201 and 203 Montgomery st., cor. Bush.
734, 844 and 846 Market st.
1110 and 1112 Market, San Francisco.
485 Fourteenth St., Oakland, Cal.
603 and 605 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
143 S. Spring st., .Los Angeles. . , •
JOE poheimTthe TAILOR.
$75 ™4 ROOMS
%|^ m %ejp consisting OP
aE^u^KriTrnßjEi
PARLOR.BEDROOM JMCROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard SO Cent*
Oil Cloth, per yard ....'. »5 Cents
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces »25 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror .8555 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogues Mailed Free. ■ .
03" Free Packing and Deliver; across the Bit, *
COSMOPOLITAN 1 .
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
Francisco, — The most select t'umllv hotel In
the city. Board and room $1, $1 20 aiid $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Booms 500
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for th« coach bearing the name of the Co»-
-mopolitan Hotel. \VM. fAHEY. Proprietor.
HEALD'S
■DTJSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST., SAN
-»-» Francisco— BookkeeDlng, penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, i-.ii'-iish branches
and everything pertain ing to a business education
rapidly taught. .Department 01 Electrical Kn-
gineerin? in operation. Individual instruction. 20
teachers. Mgh: sessions. Students can commenca
any time. Thousands of graduates in position*.
Wflto for ca talogue. ■■- •* ■ ■ .
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR THE TTNt-
<X% tr l Law 11D<1 M » d 'cal Colleges. Accredited
with Stanford, Coop«r, etc. Many students have
Deen successfully prepared at this school. Day and
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
°.£ ai }.\,- stanford Professor. Phelaa bulldinj, Xos.
nlo^t P nfv O er;^. H - GRAU ' *»**»&- «
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS.
901 4- VAN NESS A VK -TWENTY-THIRD
ir.r . :t "7, ear n i August 12. Certificate ad-
mits to Vassar, Smith and WeUesley Colleges.
House pupils limited 10 fourteen. Kindergarten
connected with the school. - --_
ST. MATTHEW'S jiCHOOL FOR BOYS.
TWO miles from san mateo; thirty-
t7i, J^ T ye^ r - For ca *aio?ue address RKV- AL-
iRED.LEE BREWER, D.D.. Rector, San Mateo,
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
TTIRENOH AND ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
. moved from 515 Hai^ht st. to 230 Halghf 1
limited number of boarders received; pupils ore-
pared for college; term opens August 3.-
-mm SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1876). '
HOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
±J and young men. I'rnpares for university and
£?h«ni '«H,?°. a ders , limited to 35. Accredited
school with the universities. Easter term oDena
Monday, August S. . • y^
REV. DR. E. B. SPALDINQ. Rector.
SN ELL SEMINARY,
Q1 O MADISON ST., OAKLAND: A BOARD-
-rP Ing and v&y School lor Girls; pupils pre-
ssss&n^s.ui.^r : next term °° 6 "
MARY E. SNELL, Principal.
7ISKA INSTITUTE. 1606 VAN NESS AYE—
n Day and boarding school for girls; from pri-
mary through • collegiate department; thorough
course of English.. French and German: - those
wishing to Join the graduating class should ba
present on day r of opening, August 3. ■ MMU.
B. ZISKA, A.M., Principal.THE MYSTERIOUS "PETE" HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED
F. W. Brooks Was Called
Such by His Two Mar
ried Sisters.
A SWEETHEART KNOWN
AS "DOLLIE."
The Letter Found in 0. W. Win
throp's Possession Was
Written by Her.
HOTEL CLARENDON'S TELLTALE
BLOTTER.
It Has Easily Led to the Discovery of
Wintbrop's Correspondence With
the Cramers, and Clears
Away Many Cloudy
Points.
Millionaire James A. Campbell, who
claims to have been kidnaped by Oliver
Wintbrop and shot by Winthrop's accom
plice, known at present by the name of
"Pete," is quietly resting at the Hotel
Vendome, San Jose.
Oliver Winthrop, who denies Campbell's
Eensational story and any association with
Baid "Pete" in a dastardly attempt to ex
tort $20,C00 from the Hawaiian planter, is
eafely held in tank 34 at the City Prison.
Captain Lees is sitting contentedly in
his upper office, reaching around and pat
ting himself on the bacK for having cap
tured Winthrop, whom he believes to be
as villainous a bandit as Campbell would
make him out to be.
The mysterious "Pete" is at large, pre
sumably as securely hidden as are Blan
ther and Dunham, two gentlemen who
have made their mark in this world and
whose whereabouts Captain Lees would
like to know.
Mrs. Dunton, tbe owner of the cottage,
4109 California street, who, tbe detectives
say, received money from Winthrop for
the rental of the place, declares positively
that she did nothing of the sort, and that
the man under arrest had never been seen
by her until Monday, when she was
brought to the City Hall to identify him.
Joseph Douglass, a former resident of
Honolulu, in a position where he could
study the intimate habits of James A.
Campbell, declares the latter was a fre
quent tippler; that on many occasions to
his knowledge Campbell absented himself
from home for sever.il days and nights,
enjoying himself immensely with friends
or strangers, it made no difference which,
providing the wine flowed freely. On
tuese occasions, so says Douglass, Camp
bell invariably returned home disgrnntled,
sick and sore, but with some sensational
Btory of having been abused, held.up, tor
tured and robbed.
The Campbell faction, iieaded by Cap
tain Lees, deny all through in the face of
overwhelming evidence to the effect that
Campbell does drink, drinks right
roundly when he does drink at all, and
that is often. They claim that venom or
bj'ite causes Douglass to talk as he Has,
because when he was steward aboard the
inter-island steamer Liki-Liki he led a
merry dance in the wmeroom and Camp
bell caused him to be discharged.
These are a few puzzling features of the
CampDeli-Winthrop case from which any
one may pick bis choice and follow up
any kind of a theory.
In other worus, while the chief actors in
this modern drama, not to say tragedy,
are more or less located, the great, good
and confiding public are completely at sea.
To be sure there were new developments
yesterday. Winthrop consented to open
his mouth a little wider tban usual, but it
is not quite certain whether it was not his
desire to laugh at his accusers that made
him do so. However, some words of in
formation dropped from him. '
His wife, accompanied by a mutual
friend, one Private Detective Hicks, called
on him during the early morning and at 5
o'clock in the afternoon. They greeted
each other most lovingly with a resound
ing kiss or two, and sat in the corridor
engaged in busy conversation.
Attorneys Quitzow and Mathews, two
friends of the prisoner, and the former, at
least, a brother in the American Protective
Association, met and advised him to keep
bis own counsel and not speak of his case
to any one, especially the newspaper
men.
As a finish to the day's doings, an in
formation against Winthrop was filed with
the County Clerk charging him with rob
bery and assault to commit murder. His
case will be tried shortly in Judge
Wallace's court^
TALE OF A BLOTTING-PAD.
It Strongly Indicates F. W. Brooks
as the Mysterious
"Pete."
When Detective Charles Cody so cleverly
arrested Winthrop Monday morning in
Oakland, he induced Detective Holland to
eearch the prisoner's room at the Claren
don House.
"There is no use your going there,"
Winthrop said, hearing the request made
by Cody.
"You will find nothing there but a razor
ana a strop."
The search was conducted anyhow, prov
ing that Winthrop was only partially cor
rect. The detective, in addition to the
shaving paraphernalia, found a well-used
blotting-pad, which was taken away for
examination.
Captain Lees has had this pad for two
days, but declines to tell what he has
made out of ti.e muchly blurred surface.
Yesterday he had a looking-cla&s placed
in his office and the blotter was placed at
the disposal of the newspaper men.
Placing the pad before the mirror and
deciphering the ink-stains as reproduced
in the glass, some words and even parts
of sentences could easily be read as fol
lows:
JIM:
.Strong heart »nd all will be well yet.
Money fur you. •'• • Fifth car from
the engine * • • for this dirty work
• • • the scheme -with Nina * • •
identify him. • • •
MB. FBKDEBICK CRAJtfKR,
General Postofflce,
San Francisco Cal.
Special Delivery Department.
Of course, these snatches of writing,
crossed as the blottings of scores of
letters, tell no particular tale as a whole.
They serve only as detached clews that
must be worked up to arrive at a solution.
Mrs. Winthrop's name is Josie, but her |
husband's fond appellation was plain
"Jim, 1 the name at the head of the blot
ter.
It is evident from the second line that
tde writer was endeavoring to cheer up
his wife. The other lines can only furnish
food for theories.
It is evident, however, from the last
part of the blurred pad that Winthrop was
m communication with his brother-in
law by marriage. Both he and Cramer
married the Brooks sisters, tne brother of
whom is F. W. Brooks, the head janitor
at tlie Emporium, who, one week ajro Sat
urday, suddenly disappeared with $600
wages he should have paid to the men
working under him.
Taking all these things and others into
consideration, it is not quite improbable
that the mysterious "Pete" may event
ually be located.
Although Captain Lees and Winthrop
declare positively that F. W. Brooks had
nothing to do with the Campbell af
fair, it is just as positively asserted by
others in a position to know of what they
speaK, that both Mrs. Winthrop and Mrs.
Cramer, as well as their respective hus
bands, never addressed F. W. Brooks Dy
any other name than "Pete."
It is also asserted that subsequent to his
disappearance from this City Brooks was
seen at the Cramer lodgings in this City,
and the theorists see no reason why
Brooks, short of funds and a fugitive any
way, should not have joined with Win
throp to recoup himself by torturine Mil
lionaire Campbell into giving them $20,000.
WINTHROP DENIES DOLLIE.
He Claims She Is Only a Creature
Born In the Minds of the
Police.
Winthrop is being treated with dis
tinguished consideration by the police.
He has been assigned to tank 34, away
from the rude gaze of the throng, Jackson,
the murderer, being his sole companion
in the large airy steel box tney use as their
drawing-room and bed chamber.
Unlike Dean, the $20,000 forger, who
quite recently was Captain Lees' star
boarder, however, Winthrop has been un
able to procure himself a comfortable
camp cot of his own, with hi 3 own
blankets, mattresses, sheets and pillow
cases. Neither is he allowed to wander out
during the sunshine, lunch in town and
take his pousse cafes in fashionable
saloons in the company of detectives. But
he has no complaint to make. He Is al
lowed to receive visitors, and the trusties
of the prison give him the choicest pieces
in the plain daily menu.
"I'm satisfied, "' he declared yesterday.
"So long as I have the necessary where
with I suppose the trusties will keep on
being kind to me."
Winthrop looked better than he did the
day before. He was less pale and far
more cotriposed, but almost as reticent.
"Who is Dollie?" was asked of him, al
lusion being made to the letter addressed
to Al Brunson which was found unopened
in his pocket, according to the detectives.
"Is Dollie the name under which j-our
wife wrote to you?"
"No; my wife's name is Josephine, and
that Dollie affair is a creation of the
police. They know who Dollie is all
right."
"Do you mean to say the Dollie letter
was simply a decoy letter written to you
by the police?"
"1 don't want to talk any more, so don't
ask me."
"Where does Frederick Cramer live?"
was asked.
Winthrop drew himself up in astonish
ment, but with an inquiring look. If
tnose bright, sharp eyes of his could have
uttered words they certainly would have
asked :
"Why do you want to knowT Where
did you get that name?"
"The blotting-pad you left behind at
the Clarendon Hotel," Oakland, although
somewhat blurred shows you wrote "to
Cramer."
"That may De," said W r inthrop, after a
moment of silence, "but I don't see why
you want to bring him into this affair.
He is a very nervous man, and I would
not like to mix him up in my troubles."
"Wuo is he, then?"
"He married a sister of my wife. That
is our only relationship. But I will insist
that you ask me nothing further, for I
cannot afford to go deeper into the subject
without jeopardizing my position. I claim
to be innocent of the crimes charged
against me, and 1 will show myself so
when my case comes up in court."
After a while, Winthrop denied that the
Cramers lived in Oakland, and, looking
earnestly intp the eyes of the reporter, he
said :
"Now, I am speaking the truth to you,
they live in this City."
This unlooked for burst of truthful con
fidence wa3 not backed up by any more
definite address, and must be accepted
with certain reservations in view of the
fact that other people who know the
Cramers assert positively that their resi
dence is across the bay. These people
have no reason to either conceal nor expose
what they know, but prefer to not divulge
the exact address, not wisfting to bring
their acquaintances more prominently into
the present sensation.
This being the case, both the Doliie and
the Cramer statements of Wiothrop may
be safely cousidered at an Inverse ratio of
truthfulness to the earnestness with which
they were made.
Captain Lees, who, in his anxiety to
bring criminals to justice, and who always
blows cold when newspaper men are on
the hottest trail, poopoohs the idea that
P. W. Brooks is "Pete," and Winthrop
likewise does the same. This is not a bad
indication that much credence may
honestly be given to the correctness of the
surmise.
BROOKS KNFW DOLLIE.
Thla Is the Positive Assertion Made
by an Emporium Em
ploye.
In connection with the Campbell-Win
throp case, Mrs. A. Marshall, who con
ducts the Normandie on Eddy street, was
seen last night and said that some time
ago she conducted a boarding-house at
the corner of McAllister and Laguna
streets. While there she had among her
boarders Mr. and Mrs. Cramer and F. W.
Brooks, his wife and two little children.
"They were not divorced at that time,"
said she, "but a divorce between them was
pending."
"How did Mr. Brooks impress you?"
"He was a scoundrel — a scoundrel. The
way he neglected his wife, who was a
lovely lady, and nis two little ones, was
shameful.
"He was a window-cleaner by trade.
He was a great talker, a smooth-faced
man, and, I think, of dark complexion.
''What named the trouble between him
and his wife?"
"Why, he was going, I believe, with a
typewriter girl, whom I employed at the
time. I can't think of her name, but she
had a great influence over him. I cannot
remember the girl's name, which was a
peculiar one, but I think if you go over to
the Emporium they will be able to tell
you there."
Mrs. Marshall said she was never well
acquainted with Brooks nor with the
Cramer family.
"The Cramers," said she, "were excep
tionally nice people, and Mr. Cramer was
an honest and upright gentleman, who
held and holds now a responsible position.
"I nev#r hei;rd Mr. Brooks called by bis
first name."
An employe on the night watch at the
Emporium was afterward interviewed.
He said that Brooks was a smoooth
faced, dark-complexioned man and a
yolube talker. He was, moreover, a
cigarette fiend.
He made his cigarettes himself and
smoked them incessantly. He used brown
paper and fine-cut tobacco.
" He was called "Nosey" because of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
prominence of that organ, and was
rather stout in build. He was a great
blusterer and told blood-curdling tales of
his adventures while at sea.
He was once a sailor, and also worked at
the Pacific Mail dock. He cruised down
along tho coast to South America and
boasted of deeds of daring he had done in
those southern ports.
The most singular part of this man's
story regarding the Brooks connected
with the establishment is the following:
"One evening," he said, I< l was standing
at the door, when a young woman of not
very prepossessing features came to the
entrance. Brooks was going out at the
same time. He said 'Good evening, Dolly,'
and the two went away together. He was
going with this girl. I forget her name;
it is something like Plimper — an odd
name. She was a typewriter and had a
hypnotic influence, I believed, over the
man.
"When I saw the statement in The Call
this morning that Captain Lees bad a let
ter in his possession directed to Brunson
and signed 'Dolly' I tallied immediately
the Brooks who had skipped with our
money and the 'Pete' connected with the
Campbell case.
"I have not the slightest doubt in my
mind but that the two are identical.
"I think Brooks would be just the kind
of a man to do something of the same kind
as what 'Pete' did. He is just thnt
kind of cattle."
It was also learned from others who
were boarding at Mrs. Marshall's at
the same time Brooks and his wife were
there that he was called "Pete" custom
arily by his wife and sister. It was
stated also by one that he had often re
marked that he would make his pile and
then go to Lima, Peru, a place with which
he was well acquainted and where he
could enioy himself. These same parties
are of the opinion that "Pete" or Brooks,
which they hold to be the same person,
is rfow on nis way to that part of the
world.
Urquhart Is at Home.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aue. 11.— A visit to
the residence of Archie Urquhart, 1278
Fifth avenue, to-night found the gentle
man at home. No lights were visible
from without, but a ring of the door bell
brought Miss Urquhart to the door. In
answer to a query she admitted that her
brother was at home, but was in bed
asleep. She said none of the family had
a word to say upon the matter of the
Campbell affair. She refused positively
to allow her brother to be a waKened. She
was then asked if Urquhart bad admitted
to her and her mother that he had been
approached upon a proposition to kidnap
Mr. Campbell.
She turned from the door and, after
stepping back a few steps, she was heard
to ask, "What shall I say?" A male voice
within replied, "Say the family have
nothing to say." She then returned and
.delivered the message. When told tnat
she was the one to answer such a ques
tion, she replied, "We have nothing to
say."
HOW SENATOR FAIR
WOOED MRS.CRAVEN
Filled Her Pockets With
Gold and Called Her
"Dearie."
ONCE SHE RAN AWAY.
They Were to Have Been Mar
ried by a Minister, but
She Escaped.
FOR THERE WAS NO LICENSE.
Ths Fair Deponent Was Plied With
Searching Questions and Was
Unshaken to the End.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven resumed her
deposition in the Fair will case yesterday
st her home on Guerrero street. Mr.
! McEnerney asted her many questions
| during- the forenoon. He asked her how
she fixed September 24 as the day upon
which Senator Fair made his will in her
house. She explained that she had sev
eral ways to do thij. One circumstance
by which her memory was refreshed was
that she was absent from school that day.
She had been absent at other times, but a
particular happening fixed this absence in
her memory. Senator Fair had told her
that he would call on September 24. The
day preceding, namely, September 23,
Mrs. Purcell, her dressmaker, came to the
house and remained there all night. She
told Mrs. Purcell that she would be busy
the following day, and more conversation
took place on the morning of September
24, which ran, according to the memory
of the witness, as follows:
"I told £er that an important person
was coming, but I will not swear that I
mentioned the name of Senator Fair. Mrs.
Purcell said: 'I know who it is; it is Sen
ator Fair.' I did not deny that. I sent
word that day to thG school by Mrs. Pur
cell that I would not be at the school."
Some questions were asked as to whom
this message was sent, but nothing of spe
cial interest was drawn out. Mrs. Craven
said that she ordinarily would have noti
fied the vice-principal of tlie school. Mrs.
Purcell was living at that time on the cor
ner of Howard and Thirteenth streets.
Mrs. Craven was led also to testify con
cerning the persons who saw the will
which Senator Fair drew at her home.
Mrs. Craven thoueht that she showed
the will to Mrs. Haskins before she sent it
to her daughter in New York. She could
not recollect whether she first showed the
will to Mr. Lloyd or Mr. Roberts. The
last named knew that she had the will.
Of course Mr. Roberts, who went to Sac
ramento to talk with Governor Budd,
knew about the will. She told him that
she had the will before he went to Sacra
mento. ' When «he told him he asked,
"Why didn't you tell me before?"
"I told him that he would have told me
to file it immediately, and I did not want
any publicity. I do not think that be
would have let me send it away, so I
think that I did not show it to him before
I sent it to my daughter."
During the forenoon the condition of
Mrs. Craven's health was Inquired about.
Dr. Clinton, her physician, who has been
in constant attendance during the deposi
tion, said that sue was well enough to go
on. The testimony was therefore re
sumed yesterday afternoon.
At the afternoon session Mrs. Craven
was examined by Mr. Delmas.
Mrs. Craven testified that when she
lived at the Occidental Hotel Senator Fair
often dined at her table and often visited
her in her room.
"Was there any occasion before the exe
cution of the marriage contract was made
upon which Senator Fair proposed that
you should marry him? 1 '
"Yes, sir. This was some time in the
latter part of 1890 or 1891 when I was liv
ing at the Langdon Hotel. He said: 'Wei'.,
we have talked long enough about getting
married. Why not get married?' It was
a rainy "night. I said, 'Why, Senator,
what is the use of talking that way? You
know that we can never agree. My mother
is a Scotch Presbyterian.' 'Well.' he
said, 'we will be married by a minister.
Put your shoes on.' 1 asked, 'To-night?'
and he said. 'Yes; I know where there is
a minister.'
"I put on my shoes and rain-coat and
we started. We went to the house where
he said the minister lived. It was on Sut
ter street, near the corner of Leavenworth.
I do not know who the minister was or
what he was. We went up the steps and
he rang the bell. I did not see how we
could be legally married without a license,
so I ran down the steps and ran a block
away. I did not see how we could get
married without a license.
"I wanted a license, as I started out witn
tne proposition that he did not stop to
think, maybe he had a license, but I did
not stop to inquire. Anyway, I went
away down to the end of the block. He
looked both ways and walked down to
where I was. 1 said, 'You have no license,'
and he said, 'It would be only a mis
demeanor for the minister to marry us,
which would be only a fine of $200, and I
guess a check of $500 would fix that.' We
did not go back to the minister's house.
Senator Fair took me to my home.
"He was angry at the way I had acted
about it. The subject was dropped at that
time. The subject of marriage was fre
quently proposed after that by him until
the marriage contract was drawn. It was
always introduced by him. I consented to
the contract marriage after my mother
died."
Mrs. Craven-Fair then testified to what
Senator Fair had said to her about his sons.
"He said that James bad a business edu
cation, and if he would only quit his one
bad habit of drinking he would be one of
the brightest men in the country and a
companion for him, but that Charles had
no education and the same bad habit. If
Charles should quit this bad habit he had
no hopes for him, because he had no edu
cation."
Mrs. Craven told about her parents.
They were both Scotch and Presbyterians.
She was born in Ohio. The testimony con
cerning the making of the marriage con
tract was repeated. She felt quite sure
that Senator Fair signed the contract #rst.
She drew it according to the instructions
of Senator Fair.
"Senator Fair said that if the children
knew about the marriage Jessie would
tear her hair and he thought that Charlie
would stab him in the back. He said that
he hoped that if he died before I did I
would take the secret to the grave with
me. If I died first he would take the
secret to the grave with him for my
sake."
Mrs. Craven also testified that Notary
Craig acknowledged the signatures to the
marriage contract. She and Senator Fair
met him on the street and beckoned to
him and he stopped. Whether a fee was
paid Mrs. Craven testified that she did not
know.
Mrs. Craven said also that she went out
coon after and spoke to her daughter about
the marriage contract.
"What did she say?"
"She said something like 'Mamma,
mamma, mamma.' "
"Did she object to the secrecy?"
"She objected to the secrecy and said
that she did noi, want to divide her
mamma up with any one. I said, 'Birdie,
1 had your welfare in mind,' and told her
of the advantage which would come to
her." •
The witness also deposed that she re
moved from 823 Sutter street to 2007 Cali
fornia. The rent was $90 a month, which
Senator Fair paid. Senator Fair gave her
as high as $500 atone time. He was never
inclined to be niggardly with her in
money matters. She waa the one who
drew the line of economy.
When Senator Fair came to her home
June 24 he said that they wanted him to
si<,Mi another will. They had been hothsr
ing him so much, he said, that he did not
know but that he would give them a will
and fool them. Mrs. Craven also deposed
that she had a play embracing many
panes of manuscript, which had
been written by her daughter and which
the witness had undertaken to revise.
There were blank sheets in the package
and upon two of these Senator Fair wrote
his will. Senator Fair said at that time
that he did not want to give Charles any
thing because he drank and because he
had married some one that he did not
like. "I said, 'Senator, you know that he
may have inherited it, so far as drinking
is concerned. He is your own flesh and
blood.' 'Yes, he did,' he said, 'from his
mother.'
"I said, 'Perhaps lie inherited a little of
it from you.' He said that he did not like
the woman that Charles had married. I
said, 'Before he was married he was run
ning over across the bay with his night
clothes on. Perhaps you ought to thank
this woman for what she has done for
Charles. Now he is walking the streets
like a man. If he has any faults perhaps
he inherited them.' He said, 'Well, I
don't know but that you are right; that is
so, that is so. Charlie used to do so and
now he is doing better.'
"I said, 'Why don't you right it and put
him on an equality with the others?' He
.iiid, 'Well, write out a clause. 1 I wrote a
clause. He said that to make Charles
equal he would have to give him $500,000.
1 said, 'Give it to him. Mrs. Oelrichs has a j
husband to support her and Virginia has I
money enough to buy one. Chanie has a
woman who is trying to make a man of
him now.' He said, 'That is right; that
is right. Now write me out a clause.' I
knew something about the inequality of
the children in the mother's estate. He
wished to give Charlie $500,000 more than
the others to even up on the mother's
estate.
" I said to Senator Fair, 'While youare
giving to all these charities come down
and think of the teachers. You have al
ways thought a good deal of one.' He
wanted to know how much and I said
$50,000, and said that I was the chairman
of the committee. He said, 'That goes.' "
Mrs. Craven testified also that Mrs.
Haskins came into the room and said,
"Why, Senator, you have not made any
provision lor Mrs. Craven," and he said
that he had made provision in another
way.
"At the first conversation about deeding
property, Mrs. Craven said that she told
Senator Fair that she wanted the property
opposite the Stanford and Hopkins prop
erty on Nob Hill. Senator Fair said : 'You
silly woman, you would need a fortune to
Keep that up. What you want is income- j
paying property. lam eoing to give you |
tbe property you have been in the habit of I
passing so olten and the Pine and San- j
some streets property.' That was some
time before the will was drawn. There
had been talk of puttiug me in the will, j
which I declined. After the will was made'
he pulled out two papers and said that was
the way he had provided for me. I looked
at the papers. They were the deeds which
have since been put on record. They had
not then been acknowledged. He told me
that they were perfectly vaiid. I wished j
to have them acknowledged, and he said
that he would have them acknowleged.
Then the talk about having a discreet no- i
tary occuired.' 1
After the wIH was drawn, Mrs. Craven
also testified, she asked Senator Fair if tho
will was valid written in pencil. He said
that it was perfectly good, it was very
difficult to write in ink anything except
£ The World's Best Natural Aperient Water T
I HnnyaiH Jaaos 2
w Dr. B. Monin, Secretary of the "Socie'te Franchise d'Hygiene," write*: \
i* It is THE remedy VALUED BY SEDENTARY work- X
ers whose functions it regulates \J
Most valuable to prevent hemorrhoids. p
T CAUTION: None genuine without the signature of j£
"Andreas Saxlehner" ontheiabei
his signature, and he did not like to write
in ink. The will was then copied in ink.
Senator Fair then left the house, leaving
the will and the copy in her possession.
The witness told of her introduction to
Governor Budd. She was in Oacraniento
in reference to the teachers' pension bill.
Governor Budd said he approved of the
bill and thought it a good one. She said,
"Well, I shall want your fist on that," and
he said, "Well, you shall have my fist on
it." Then she said that as tbe Governor
was so nice about It she would go a little
further. She was afraid of the Demo
cratic members, and feared that the
bill would not pass. He said that he
would speak to them, and she said that if
he would do this the bill would pass. She
was going away, and Governor Budd said:
"Wait a minute; you are the woman I
hnve been looking after. Where is that
will Senator Fair ha? left with you?" "I
said, 'What will?' He said, 'That $50, 000
that Senator Fair has left for the teachers'
pension fund.' My answers were evasive.
He said, ' I know that you have such a
will.' He tapped a bell and sent away a
messenger and called for Dr. Levingston
on the telephone. Ho asked me who the
executors were, and I told him that I
would not answer that. He asked me if I
did not know that he could send me across
the bay. He said that he was Charles
Fair's attorney, and that Charles had toid
him that his father had said that he had
made another will."
This testimony was a repetition sub
stantially of some of the testimony of the
preceding day. Mrs. Fair said that she
was frightened by the threats coming from
the Governor of the State.
Mrs. Craven spoice of an occasion when
Senator Fair filled her pockets with gold
in the presence of Mrs. Haskins. She was
at the Occidental Hotel. This was just
before she started for the East and Mrs.
Haskins was packing some dresses for her.
The occurrence, as Mrs. Craven recalled
it, was as follows:
"Senator Fair came in and said that he
expected that I would want some pin
money. I had on a jacket and he filled
the pockets with small gold."
"What were his exact words?"
"He said, 'Well, dearie, I guess that
you might want some extra money ?' "
"Was that the idea?''
"Well, I recollect that was the word and
his putting it that way."
"Well, cive us the exact wording,
madam ; did he use the word dearie? 1 "
"He did."
"You have no doubt that he used that
word?"
"I have no doubt about it."
The testimony was very long and covered
some matters already gone over in more
detail.
At a late hour yesterday afternoon Mrs.
Craven's deposition was completed.
• ■ —
To Take New Testimony.
Delmas & Shortridge, attorneys for Dr.
Marc Levingston, have riled a notice to
the other attorneys in the Fair case that
on August 13 they will move in court for
the appointment of a commission to take
the depositions of Mis» Virginia Fair and
Mrs. Theresa A. Oelrichs. The affidavit
accompanying the motion, states that a
question of fact has been raised by
Charles L. Fair, and that the testimony
oi the two ladies mentioned, who are now
in New York, is necessary.
Dr. Levingston's Default.
The default of Dr. Marc Levingston,
who was made co-defenaant in the suit of
the special administrators of the Fair
estate, to quiet title to the property named
in the pe..cil deeds recorded by Mrs.
Craven, was entered yesterday. No
answer was riled by Dr. Levingston within
the required time.
BURGLARS KEEPING BUSY.
The i Residence of Mrs. B. M.
Wilson, Eddy Street,
Broken Into.
Valuable Diamond Cross, Lady's Gold
Watch and Other Articles
Carried Off.
A daring burglary was reported at polioe
headquarters Monday morning, and
detectives are busily engaged trying to
capture the men.
Mrs. B. M. Wilson occupies the lower
flat of the house, 318 Eddy street. The
family went out of the City Sunday for a
day's enjoyment, and she was left home
alone.
About 6 o'clock in the evening she went
to the upper fiat to have a friendly chat
with the family occupying it, and re
mained until nearly 8 o'clock, when she
ex pected the other members of her family
would return from their trip.
She was astonished to find a piece of
candle burning on the too of the bureau
drawers in one of the bedrooms. It had
burned so low that in a few minutes more
the flame woufd have, in all probability,
set fire to tbe bureau drawers and burned
down the house.
Sue blew out the candle and lit the
gas, and saw at once that during her ab
sence some one bad been in her apart
ments. Bureau drawers had been emptied
of their contents, which were strewn over
the floors* the bed clothes had been pulled
onto the floor and the mattresses ripped
up in the search for money or jewelry.
Mrs. Wilson found that a valuable
diamond cross, a lady's gold watch, a
number of valuable coins and other ar
ticles had been stolen. A rear window
was open, which showed the mode of in
gress, and it bore the imprint of a
"jimmy." A paper mask was also found
in one of the rooms, which In their hurry
to eet away the burglars had dropped.
Two men were seen by one of the neigh
bors leaving the house by the rear win
dow, but it was too dark to get a descrip
tion of them.
A Tribute to the Dead Contractor.
At a meeting of the Stonecutters' Associa
tion held yesterday the following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
Whbbbab, It has pleased the Almighty to re
move from onr midst our late employer and friend,
James S. McGllvray, who was accidentally killed
Id this f.'lty by a failing aerrlck; and whereas, wp
have always known him by bis noble deeds of
cluiriiy and kindness, and realizing the terrible
blow hl» widow and fnmily and relatives have
received through this sad occurrence; thorefora
be it
Resolved, That we, the members of the Sand
stone Cutters' Association of San Francisco, «*x
teu.d to the widow und family aud relatives of our
late employer and friend our deepest sympathy
anrt sincere reeret in this their sad hour of be
reSvement.
i Thomas McKnight, Daniel McHugh, J. H. Mc-
Gregor, James Y. Nelsh, W. Pollock, committee.
To tbe Asylum.
Judge Sanderson yesterday committed Mrs.
C. F. Corbiere, aged 68, to the asylum at Napa.
She Is subject to delusions. She lived at 1214
Mission street.
NEW TO-DAY-DRY^GOODS.
■ — • ' -OF "' -"'• > "" — --
STYLISH GARMENTS
The Imperative necessity of clearing out EVERY DOLLAR'S WORTH
OF SURPLUS STOCK AND ALL BROKEN LINES, preparatory to the open-
ing of Gigantic Fail Importations now in transit and arriving, forces us to
mark down the lines SPECIALLY SELECTED FOR CLEARANCE TO-DAY
Regardless of Sacrifice!
7 LADIES' CAPES.
-A-t $1.83.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, of navy blue ladles' cloth, neatly embroidered;
also Single and Double Capes of black, navy and brown cloth, embroidered ana
braided; worth f 6, will be closed out at $1 85 each.
At 52.95.
LADIES' DOUBLE RIPPLE CAPES of plain cheviot, in shades of tan, black and
navy, both capes and rolling collar trimmed with soutache braid, upper cape
trimmed with stitched bands of cloth and small pearl buttons, worth $7 50, will
be closed out at $2 95 each.
At 53.45.
LADIES' RIPPLE SINGLE CAPES of black velvet, lined with twilled silk and
trimmed with ribbon and narrow passementerie; also Ripple Capes of black
velvet, neatly jetted and neck finished with ribbon ana lace, worth $8 50, will be
closed out at $3 45 each. ' ; , » . ,
At $3.45.
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, of light weieh't Kersey cloth, in shades of scarlet, black,
navy and tan, finished with stitched bias bands of cloth, trimmed with small pearl
buttons; also Tan Ripple Capes, neatly braided, collars finished with either
ribbon or fancy ruching; worth $7 50, will be closed out at $3 45 each.
LADIES' SUITS.
At $2.95.
LADIES' SUITS of broadcloth, cheviot and serge, in shades of nary, black and
brown, in a variety of styles, worth $7 50, wilkbe closed out at $2 96 each.
At $3.93. PSPIi&SPi
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED SUITS, in mottled eflects. in shades of gray, brown
and tan, excellent value for $10, will be closed out at $3 95 each.
LADIES' JACKETS.
At 52.43.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in tan, navy and black, in a variety of
styles, worth $7 50, will be closed out at $2 45 each.
/ At $3.95.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in a variety of materials, colors and
styles, worth $10, will be closed out at $3 95 each.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
A.t 25 . Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy checks
and stripes, will be closed out at 25c each.
At SO Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT "WAISTS, fancy stripes, full sleeves, laundered
collar and cuffs, regular price $1, will be offered at 50c each.
.At 65 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, infancy checks of blue, pink
and black, regular price $1, will be closed out at 65c each.
■ At 75 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in tan and white stripes, latest
'■/ style, regular price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
/tij/fps^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Mm street comer .if Jones, /
BAM 1 TTgLAJTOieOQu
EXCURSION AND AUCTION SALE !
lli£lSS^U ISl^UUlJ^^f^y Saturday Angnst 23, 1898,
1 KKfiWTMt^^yWBBHBM^jvAJ^y At 1 o'clock p. M., on the premises,
l ifflWmHpßk MARTIN MURPHY ' HOME-
li^JMlatlHlWbaigy STEAD TRACT,
Subdivision No. 6,
111 A A ¥ T^^V^T^T
ill J\\ /V UC> 1 IC3I\I Half Mile South of the I— 'sant Town of
MOUNTAIN VIEW,
350 ACRES Santa County.
Of the Choicest and Richest Land on the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY'S
Historical Homestead Tract
Which is acknowledged as the selected portion for residences, as well as containing th«
richest, deepest and most fertile soil in this world-beater for fruit— Santa Clara Valley.
Here are grown to perfection, not only lor coloring and flavor but as to size, and is
beyond question the literal home of the Apricot, 1 Pear. Prune, Peach and every variety
of deciduous fruits. Berries thrive to an astonishing degree of perfection, and Grapes
in every variety grow and flourish beyond the most sanguine hopes of the grower, and
for which the extreme highest prices are obtained. This section of the great Santa
Clara Valley is appropriate for any variety of fancy farming or hobby of , the fruiterer,
A3XTX> "TCTXXjXj BIS SOLiD IN*
35 io=ACRE UP A y? A D RD TRACTS.
U/UCDC IT 10 AMII UiUAT IT 10 About six mires from the Stanford University
liilLnL II lU HHU WflHI II 10. fronts the Southern Pacific railroad, nine
miles from San Jose, six miles from Palo Alto, forty miles from San Francisco, about
half a mile from railroad station at Mountain View, and about one hour by rail from
San Francisco. This tract fronts on the main San Jose and San Francisco Boulevard,
or County road, Whisman road, < Evelyn avenue, Mountain View and Alviso road
(which are main thorougufares), and is covered with a dense growth of lar^e, stately
oaks.
j) ijji^»y p< — ""'ythLm^- ' VkmL. \/\/ \A/f T T RI INI
FYCMPmON TPAIM
K|!^jfl|SH^Sii&ggHßßMfc§H To Martin Murphy's Homestead Tract,
IS|^BwlßpßWß?y3Wtfy?^j|^^^jggjj Subdivision No. 6,
t^S^^^^SLSlllß^BPßß^BS^^^a Half Mile from the Town of Mountain
" ' *"■**" View,
On Account of This IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE,
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock a. x, SATUR-
DAY. August 22. 1886. stopping at Valencia-street Station, San Mateo, lied wood and Menlo Park, re-
turning lenve Murphy Ranch at 3:30 o'clock p. m. same day.
•1.00-— ROUND-TRIP. TICKETS— BI.OO. Tickets obtainable at our offlce on Friday,
August 21, 1896, all day. and on Saturday. August 22, day of the excursion, un to 9:30 o'clock a. m.,
and at the depot. Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, ] up to hour . of leaving, 10 o'clock
a. m., from our representative and ticket office at depot. * From other stations on the train, from San
Mateo, Redwood and Menlo Park, round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on the Grounds.
i TERMS— One-Fourth Cash, balance in 1, 2 and 3 years, In-
terest 8 per cent per annum.
EASTOS, ELDRIDGE& CO., Auctioneers, 688 Market St,
WOOSTER & WHITTOIN, Real Estate Agents, 7 West Santa Clara Street,
San Jose,
Or WALTER A. CLARK, Mountain View.
PfRTEIJA//? ||M Baja California
iS EJ I }t iI 3 Tl^'^^aiTy B IHPiI fl Je a powerful aphrodUlao »nd speclflo tonio for tin
I " HlßiFf I'JHilnFiU r texnaland urinimr organs of both sexe* and »
VBHilmlr _ _ wlUMjmw treat remedy for disease* of the kidneys and blai-
By J\ V 7 isr <lEr< A STeftt, Restorative, Invigoratoraad Nurvta*.
"*•* 3^QBH^^^ tells on its own Merits— no louf-wiaa«4 Witt'
JrCAniLXMC^ ■-•'■ inonlals necessary. .
T8 THE VERY S'llv^tu KAMISS 3 3 KAiifclK. tit.. S. y .- tS end tor Circular)
IB THE VERY^'VvK TO K X A.HI WB j *** **""* **" * *-^ a<l *» CU g^
J. your eyes and fit uxem to Spectacles and Bys> ■ -' ■ ■
classes with lnstrum»nu of Eli own lnvaaUoa, »-.*tfßg?Es!fcs«*iif Bi « «is a non-poisonous
Wkosesnperiorlty t*s not beau equaled. Mr •**• &<^^^^^i£Sfl remedy for Gonorrhoea!
••uoas been due to the menu ui/woix, JImUP CUKEfc^Gffll Gle>-t, Spermatorrhoea
(mice Hours— lo 4 M. jSvji, ito 5 <i»yn.\a Whites, unnatural dis-
— __ I w&W On»riateed U charges, or any inflamma-
: Nic\%/ ■: uiciTc'niu vn Tci ■ *«»W not io wrietare. , tion, irritation ior ulcera-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. fc3l Pr ' TenM eonU < l<>ll tion of mucous mem-
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BTS.-RE- |7««ITHEEvAN3ChEMICuCo. branes. Non-astringent,
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD <fc Ca \g^^CINO!NNATI,O .RSI ' **** by »rngr»Utc.
Kuropean plan. Koom3 50c to *1 50 per day, $1 , \|^^. U.S. a jß*i or Mnt in P lllin wrrjpper,
to $8 per week, $8 to $30 per montn : free baths: '/Sslik:' jk^\ Iby express, prepaid, foe
hot and cold water every room; tire craie4 i* '^i^ti^^B^^Va I - 00 ' or 3 bottles, ?3.7\
eTeryroom; tie vaior runs all nlslit. • '■«h«EsgB»"V 8 Circular sent or. ? >iMit.
910
THE REGENTS IN
SECRET SESSION.
Resolution to Dismiss
Professor Isaac
Flagg.
A TIE VOTE FOLLOWED
Professor Bonnell Said to Be a
Victim of Intrigue and
Ingratitude.
OUSTED ST FLAGG'S FRIENDS.
Regent Wallace Told the Story of
Wrong and Demanded That Jus
tice Should Prevail.
On motion of President Kellogrg yester
day the regents of the University of Cali
fornia went into executive session. The
secret conference lasted for two hours.
Governor Budd was not there to tell the
newspaper men to remain in the room, as
the transaction of public business did not
require secrecy, bo the regents were left
quite alone to talk among themselves
without fear of comment or criticism from
the ignorant masses.
The regents attending; were Phelps (pre
siding), Wallace, Kellogg, Martin, Jeter,
Denicke, Hallidie, Marye, John E. Budd,
Chase, Reinstein, Miller, Foote, Waymire,
Slack and Lynch.
The session of secrecy was moved when
Judge Wallace called up a resolution to
declare vacant the position of professor of
Greek, now held by I«aac Flagg. Some
weeks ago Judge Wallace said to his asso
ciates on the board that a great wrong had
been done to Professor Bonnell, who was,
he said, displaced after twenty years of
honorable and efficient service hy the in
trigues of Flagg. Judge Wallace also re
marked that when Flagg came here, poor
and friendless, Professor bonnell gave him
shelter and assistance.
For two hours the resents talked. It is
said that Judge Wallace demanded jus
tice for Professor Bonnell, and that Re
cent Marye defended Professor Flagg. It
was assumed that Flagg's friends were
anxious for the secret session, for after the
adjournment of the board, Judge Wallace,
replying to an inquiry by a Call reporter,
Mid, "I did not suggest tne executive ses
sion."
It was ascertained that a vote was taken
on the Wallace resolution which resulted
in a tie— eight for and eight against ita
adoption.
The story of the positions of Bonnell
and Flagg, as told in the executive session
and sustained by letters and documents,
is as follows:
For twenty years prior to 1893 Mr. Bon
nell was professor of Latin and Greek in
the State University. Among his pupils j
were many young men who have since at- !
tamed high places in the profession of law.
In their estimation he was an ideal pro
fessor, a man of excellent attainments and
broad human sympathies. One day in
June, 1893, Professor Bonnell stepped into
the secretary's office at Berkeley and re
ceived a letter. He was overcome with as
tonishment when he read that the ad
visory committee desired his resignation.
All that he could ascertain was that the
advisory committee, consisting of Regents
Horatio Ftebbins, Columbus Bartlett and!
George T. Marye, regarded him as "insuf
ficient in Greek and discourteous to Pro
lessor Flagg."
It seems that Professor Flagg in 1889
was teaching in Cornell University. From
that place he wrote to Mr. Bonnell that he
was meditating a change, and had in mind
a project to open a preparatory school in
California. Professor Bonnell replied, but
did not encourage the Cornell professor to
come West. They did not know each
other at that time, but as they were en
gaged in the same line of work they cor
responded with perfect freedom.
Some months later Flagg came West
and called on Bonnell, who was then
living in Oakland. Flagg was received
with kindness, and Professor Bonnell and
his wife did all they could to make his
sojourn agreeable and to obtain for him
suitable employment. The outlook was
sc unpromising for Flagg that he was
talking of going to Fresno for employment
as a raisin- packer. Mr. Bonnell redoubled
his efforts, and tried to get Flagg a place
as teacher in the Girls' High School of
San Francisco, but in this he failed.
Finally the way was opened for the en
gagement of Flagg as an assistant pro
lessor at Berkeley.
When Bonnell heard that he bad been
accused of treating Flagg discourteously
and sending nim on errands, he insisted
that the latter should go with him to the
president of the university and there state j
n" he (Flagg) had ever received from Bon- I
nell any treatment other than kindness.
Flagg did state to th* president that Bon- "
nell had been kind and helpful. Professor
Bonnell desired the statement in writing
and it was written by Flagg. Judge Wal
lace read the letter at the meeting of the
regents yesterday.
Having disposed of the charge of dis
courtesy to Flagg, Professor Bonnell con
sidered the accusation that he was "insuffi
cient" in Greek. He referred this charge
to his graduates: Judge Henshaw of the
Supreme Court, Judge Daingerfield,
Walter Cope of Santa Barbara, Ryland
Wallace, Duncan Hayne, B. Hayne, J. J.
Dwyer, M. S. Eisner, A. Ruef, Alex.'
Morrison and Jerome Lincoln. When
these men told the advisory Committee i
what Professor Bonnell in twenty years'
faithful service had done for the classics
at Berkeley, Horatio Stebbins became con
vinced that Professor Bonnell had been
wronged. When the fact was advanced
that Professor Bonnell held a letter from
Mr. Flagg, in which discourtesy had been
denied, one of the regents said: "We
know how that letter was obtained.
Bonneli bulldoced it out of Flagg."
Professor Bonnell's supporters in the
Board of Regents ar* determined that he
shall have justice accorded to him. They
are willing that all the facts should be
given to the public, and will probably call
up the case at tbe next meeting of the
regents.
The regents authorized the printing of
6000 copies of the viticultural report.
Regents Reinstein and Chase were ap- \
pointed to assist the fcculty in arranging
for the meetings of the Farmers' Insti
tute. '■
Regent Reinstein . was authorized to
send tie grand plan of the university
grounds of the future to President Ware of
Columbia College. The Columbia pro
fessor is supposed to be an expert on
ground plans.
A. P. Ross resigned his position as fel
low of the astronomical department be
cause he could not live on the salary of
$25 a month. He has obtained a more
remunerative job.
Professor Brown, through President
Kellogg, presented a report of the confer
ence ot universities recently held at
Buffalo. A bill for an increased land
grant was agreed on. Fifteen universities
were represented at the conference.
The regents acknowledged by a vote of
thanks the gift of valuable art books from
Mrs. Avery, widow of the late Benjamin
Park Avery.
Regent Phelps announced that Caroline
W. Bruce of New York City had given
$ICOO for the purchase of needed apparatus
for the Lick Observatory. This is not the
first contribution she has made.
Mr. Phelps said the gifts to the observa
tory since it was transferred to the regents
amount to $44,500.
Director H olden writes that he has re
ceived $1300 to prepare negatives for the
map of the moon. The director wanted
$600 a year to employ a fellow-astronomer.
The request was referred to the finance
committee.
Mr. Phelps sad there was another
matter of Holden's. Borne time ago a
wagon was purchased, but it was too
heavy and a lighter wagon had to be
bought. The heavy wagon, which cost
$145, can now be exchanged for $40 worth
of wood. The regents authorized the
trade.
Wood is quite an item at the observa
tory. The director buys it and sells what
the professors require for their own use.
The sum of $220 on this account was
received last year and paid into the
treasury.
The monthly salary roll of the univer
sity, according to the figure of the finance
committee, is now $19,625. A slight in
crease can be made without exceeding the
allowance of the budget.
In executive session the chief talkers in
support of the resolution to dismiss Pro
lessor Flagg were Wallace and Foote. In
opposition to the resolution Marye was
pronounced. Two or three Regents, who
were friendly to Professor Bonnell, could
not vote to dismiss Flagg without giving
the latter a hearing.
The Regents voting for the adoption of
the resolution were Phelps, Wallace, Den
icke, John E. Budd, Jeter, Lynch, Chase
and Foote — 8.
Those voting in the negative were Way
mire, Slack, Kellogg, Marye, Miller, Mar
tin, Reinstein and Hallidie — 8.
When the question again comes up Gov
ernor Budd, General Houghton, Colonel C.
F. Crocker, Chester Rowell and Superin
tendent Black may be present.
LYNCH AGAINST THORNLEY
Denies That the Chinese Bureau
Has Been Derelict in
Its Duty.
The Inspector Says the Southeri
Pacific Has Nothing to Do
With the Chinese.
Chinese Inspector Lynch takes excep
tions to the caustic remarks of Commission
Broker Thornley concerning the suicide of
Ong Sing on Sunday last. He denies that
the railroad has anything to do with the
falling off of Chinese passenger traffic on
the steamship lines. Inspector Lynch's
statement is as follows:
Kindly permit me to reply to the article in
to-day's issue of your paper entitled "Hung
Himself by a Silken Cord," wherein certain re
flections are made on the Chinese Bureau by
one William N. Thornley.
As my name is used in said article, with in
justice to me, I feel in duty bound to make
the following statement:
On Saturday, August 8, 1896, about 12:15
o'clock p. m., while 1 was in the Chinese
Bureau, room 71, Appraiser's building, getting
ready to proceed to the Pacific Mail dock,
there to direct the registration of Chinese
about to depart for China on the steamer Bel
gic, an expressman called on me and informed
me that there were three Chinese on board the
steamer Umatilla, who ought to be landed, as
the vessel was about to leave the wharf she
was at in a short time. I told him 1 was aione
ana about to start for the Mail dock to attend
the outgoing China steamer Belgic, that the
other Chinese inspectors were off at lunch, and
would meet me at the Mail dock at 1:15 p. m.,
the time set for work to begin there in regis
tering departing Chinese; also that no mani
fest hail yet reached me relative to trie steamer
Umatilla, hence I could not act. While 1 was
talking to this expressman, the messenger of
Deputy Collector Tobi came in andJißnded
me a sealed envelope, which I opened, and
found within the manifest of the steamer Uma
tilla, having indorsed on it the following: '
August 8, 1896.
Land the within Chinese upon identification
»nd production of registration certificates.
J. J. Tobin, Deputy Collector of Customs.
On receipt of this order I hastened to call
back the expressman, who had just left the
room, and told him to wait ten minutes until
1 could pack my books, papers, etc., which I
had to take to the China steamer Belgic, and
that I would go with him to the steamer Unia
tllla, he promising to drive with me from the
latter vessel to the Mail dock that 1 might be
on time to keep my appointment there.
I arranged my books, etc., as rapidly as pos
sible, and went with the expressman, arriving
at the Umatilla about 12:30 p. M., when I at
once asked to be shown the three Chinese'
called for on the manifest; they were brought
out of a room on the lower decK, where they
had been locked up, and I asked them to pro
duce the papers in their possession, which
they did ; two of them giving me registration
certificates from which I readily identified
them, and as ordered, landed them. The third
Chinaman gave me a merchant's certificate
and no other papers. I told him through one
of the Chinese, who spoke English, that I would
have to take his paper with me for investiga
tion, as required by the orders of the Collector
of the Port in such cases, and that his case
would be looked into on Monday: at the same
time I told him to tell the two Chinese pres
ent, who were about to land, where his friends
resided in this City, If he had any here that
they might come to the Chinese Bureau on
Monday and speak in his De half.
I then notified the customs inspector at the
gangway to allow the two Chinese laborers,
whom I showed him, to land, and to have the
other Chinese locked up, as he could not land
until his case was looked into.
I then told the expressman I would take the
electric car aid go to the > Mail dock, as" I
wanted to reach that place as soon as possibfe
it then being about a quarter of 1 o'clock. I
took the electric car and. proceeded via Broad
way and Kearny street to the Mail dock, spent
about eight or ten minutes in getting some
lunch and ' proceeded to work at the steamer
Belgic/
I defy Mr. Thornley to point out a single in
stance where I have been derelict or dilatory
In the performance of my duties as a Chinese
inspector or in any other capacity in which I
have served the Government. Mr. Thornlev
knew me for four years when I was chief dep
uty United States Shipping Commissioner at
this port, and I include that period also.
I have been in charge of the Chinese Bureau
since the first of the month, relieving Inspector
Harrison who is on his vacation, and I also
perform, the duties of Inspector Presbury
lately relieved from office, so that my time is
completely taken up, and in order that no
delay or dissatisfaction might arise In the
business of the Chinese Bureau I have worked
from 7:30 a. m. to 7 P. m. day after day, and '
the entire time on the last two Sundays, and 1
appeal to the people doing business with this ,
bureau, to bear me out that "dilatory or
derelict* actions on my part in the business of '
this bureau, is a false charge against me • . - <
x¥ y f?^ 101 "' « lh s Colle «or of the Port, Hon.
John H. Wise, indorses my : action in toto in
the case in question, and the labor certificates J
found on the body of the unfortunate Chinese j
show that he was not what he claimed to be a
merchant, and had no right to land * 1
Relative to railroad, coin, etc. etc I have
lived too long and am too well known in this ,
City and Oakland to notice such unwarranted l ,
illusions. Very respectfully, ; T"" 1
John Lynch.
Chinese Inspector, in charge of Chinese
Bureau. ■
• — ♦— • .
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. 16 Gram avenue. <
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
PEDALING AWAY
FOR DEAR LIFE,
Inhuman Exhibition in a
Market-Street Show
Window.
PUNY LEGS AND ARMS.
Severe Task Assigned to a
Young and Not Over-
Strong Boy.
FATIGUED AND PERSPIRING
The Case Reported to the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
They say half the world doesn't know
how the other half gets its living; but
half of San Francisco, it would seem,
gazed yesterday at a little boy earning his
bread on a bicycle.
In a deep, wide show-window on Market
Scene Witnessed by Thousands Yesterday in a Show- Window on Market Street.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
street, piled at back and sides with byci
cles, was a picture sad enough to touch
any mother's heart. An undeveloped,
delicate-iooking little boy of perhaps 13
years sat on a wheel of some new make
pedaling away for dear life. The machine
was mounted on props, and all the boy did
was to pedal, pedal all the livelong day
just to let the gaping, curious crowd see
the wheels go round.
Had he been a girl a general blush of
offended modesty would have suffused the
virtuous City; but he was only 'a boy.
Only a boy, yet hi 3 thin legs and puny
arms were bare, and his thin chest and
trunk had no other covering than a tawdry
bathing suit. Wnen he Hr.^t started to
work bis slender limbs were pale, but as
The Encinals' Perpetual Ghallerxge Gup.
The silver perpetual challenge cup, for which the yachts Fawn and Catherine will
Bail next Saturday. ' It was won by the El Sueno of the Encinal Club in the last re
gatta, and this year the sloop Catherine of the San Franciscos will try to bring it b«ck
to her clubhouse.
It is a beautiful trophy ornamented with three boat prows, with festoons of chains
running around the bowl of the cup. The inscription is within a yacht-wheel and at
the base is an anchor with its chain circling the stem of the goblet. It is we/l worth
competing for.
The course will be from the end of the narrow-gauge pier to and around Blossom
Rock buoy, thence to and around a stakeboat moored near Hunters 'Point, thence to
and around a stakeboat moored near Mission Rock and back to the end of the narrow
gaupe pier.
Whist.'e3 will be blown from the judges' boat as follows: One whistle at 1:55
o'clock, preparatory; two whistles at 2 o'clock, start; three whistles at 2:05 o'clock
limit. '
The race will be under the auspices of the following committee: Charles G. Yale, H.
H. Jen ness-, Charles B. Hill, representing San Francisco .Yacht Club; Dr. Charles L.
Tudale, Geor-e T. Wright, H. M. Landsberger. representing Encinal Yacht Club.'
Referee: Commodore John W. Pew. Timers: For the San Francisco Yacht Club
Charles B Hiil; for the Eucinal Yacht Club, Dr. Charles L. Tisdale.
he pedaled they grew pink, and from
pink to red, changing at length to a
burning, feverish crimson.
"Poor little fellow!" ejaculated a kind
looking old lady; "how can they make
him work like that?"
Similar comments were heard through
the day, but still the little fellow pedaled
on. Men glanced at the window as they
passed and smiled at tbe strange sight.
Hours afterward, passing the place again,
the same scene met their eyes.
"It s rather rough on the young chap,"
commented a weil-kuown business man,
after seeing thechild for the third time.
Weil mi<;ht he say it was rough on the
lad. The lonar-continued and unaccus
tomed exerciseliad brought out a profuse
perspiration upon the youngster's fore
head, over which his disordered hair hung
in moist, tangled curls. His eyes looted
heavy and sunken and altogether his
aspect was one to move a heart of stone.
A gentleman well known in religions and
charitable circles, passing by the place,
gave one lone look at the perspiring
youngster and" went forthwith* to report
the caie to the officers of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
Meanwhile, the little boy, at the present
writing, is pedaling, pedaling still.
A SIMPLE FUNERAL.
Remains of CaDtain William E. Van
Reed Escorted to Cypress .Lawn
Cemetery.
The friends of Captain Willliain E. Van
Reed, United States Army, retired, took
place Monday morning at 10 o'clock
from the late residence of deceased, 1908
Page street. The attendance was quite
large and was representative of the United
fetaies Army, the Grand Army of the Re
public and the Military Order Loyal Le
gion.
Six captains of the Fifth United States
Artillery were the pall-bearers. These offi
cers were: Benjamin K. Roberts, Battery
A; A. W. Vogdes, Battery E; Frank
Thorp, Light Battery D; Elbr'dge R.
Hills, Battery H; John McLellan, Battery
L, and L. Lomia. The casket was borne
by 'ix non-commissioned officers who for
merly served in Captain Van Reed's bat
tery.
General Graham kindly tendered an es
cort of troops, but it was declined, as Mrs.
Van Reed desired that the service should
be simp c. The ceremonies were accord
ing to the Episcopal service. The body
was conveye l to Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
where the remains will be <-reinated, in ac
cordance with the wishes of the late offi
cer.
The widow of Captain Van Reed has ex
pressed her appreciation of the kindness
and tender sympathy shown by officers of
the United States Army and members of
the Loyal Legion.
SEALERS HAVE
NOT DONE WELL,
The Hunters and Sailors
Are Very Much Dis
couraged.
OTTER HUNTERS ACTIVE
A Waiting-Foom and Freight"
Shed for the Valley Road
to Be Built.
PACIFIC MAIL WANTS A WHARF
It Must Be Parallel With the Present
One in Order to Suit
Schwerin.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
held a long session yesterday afternoon.
Colonel Chadbourne was not present as he
is suffering from a severs attack of sciatic
rheumatism. It has attacked his left leg
and the pain is excruciating. It will prob
ably be a week before he is able to be
about again.
The first business taken up by the com
missioners was the application of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company for a wharf
to run parallel with the Mail dock. Two
representatives of the corporation were
present and urged the building of the new
wharf. They pointed out that Lombard
street wharf was a most inconvenient
place for the docking of their surplus fleet,
as men and appliances had to be moved
from one end of the town to the other
whenever a Panama steamer arrived. In
the interest of commerce Mr. Schwerin
thought the company's boats should be
docted as near to each other as possible.
The commissioners talked the matter over
and came to the conclusion that there was
no money on hand with which to build the
new wharf. The matter was laid over for
a week, and in the meantime ways and
means will be considered. The Mail com
pany is now running a number of extra
boats on the Panama route, and with the
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany using one side of the mail dock for
its China steamers there is not room for
its boats on the other. In consequence
about two of _ its boats have to land at
Lombard- street wharf every month.
A committee from the Grand Army of
the Republic waited on the board and
asked that members of their organization
be given the precedence whenever a
vacancy occurred among the wharfingers
and collectors on the front. President
Colnon promised to look into the matter,
and said the veterans would receive every
consideration. At the present time about
one in every eight employes of the com
mission is a Grand Army veteran.
There was no work performed on the
framework of the lerry building yesterday.
A mistake has . been discovered in the
calculations for the beams and cross
beams and the architect submitted plans
whereby the evil might be remedied.
The matter was referred to Chief Engineer
Holmes with power to act.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company wants a waiting-room on Spear
street wharf. Its steamers arrive and de
part three or four times a week and there
is no accommodation for passengers who
may have to wait. The matter was re
ferred to the chief wharfinger.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company asked for a freight office
and waiting-room on Washington-«tree.t
wharf for the use of the Valley road.
Agent Clark of the navigation company
explained that in future all freight and
passengers for the railway would go on
his boats, and he asked for facilities for
handling the traffic. The matter was re
ferred to the superintendent of urgent re
pairs with power to act.
In a private letter received by John Op
penheim, the well-known clothier, yester
day, conies the news that the San Fran
cisco sealinc-fleet fared very poorly on the
coast of Japan. The Alton had 624 skins
Jane Gey 491, Raitler (J93. The Loui>a D
put into Atu. and cleared from there for
Bering Sea. Her catch is reported as a
poor one. The Ainsworth of Victoria, B. C,
had 700 skin?, and Ed Funk, the champion
captain of the fleet, only managed to <-et
773 with the Golden Fleece. Afteracouple
of months in Bering Sea the Golden Fleece
will return to Japanese waters.
Of the sea-otter fleet the Herman, pre
viously reported with sixty-three skins on
July 23 had increased her catch to eighty
while the schooner Kodiak had 124. The
catch of these two vessels alone is easily
worth $85,000. J
In conclusion the writer states* "The
outlook is not good for big catches of seal
this year, and on the return of the fleet to
San Francisco many of the hunters and
sailors will find themselves on the wrone
side of the ledger."
The schooner Volant was brought over
from Oakland Creek by the tug Alert yes
terday. When the Free Trade, now at
the wreck of the Colombia, is loaded with
the steamer's machinery she will be towed
to San Francisco and the Volant will take
her place.
The barkentine 8. N. Castle, lying at
±olsom-street wharf, was, up to yesterday
afternoon, infested witu rats." Captain
Hubbard determined to exterminate the
pests and accordingly employed a rat
catcher. Early yesterday the man went
to work and before noon had captured and
bagged nity-three of the rodents. The re
mainder evidently got on to the same, be
causp they deserted the Castle in a body
and took possession of all the nooks and
corners on the wharf. Then began a gen
eral hunt. Captains Randall, Haskell
Brock-aw. Siiovich of the tugs, Purser Ben
dall of the Monowai, W. Manning, clerk
in the tucboat office, and half a dozen
others armed themselves with clubs and
started m pursuit. The vermin could
chmo ropes faster than any sailor that
was ever born and could make the top of
an upright beam in better time than the
smartest pole-climber in San Francisco.
Over a nundred of them escaped from the
wharf and only three bodies rewarded the
hunters for an hour's hard work
The Hawaiian ship John Ena' was
docKed at Sausalito yesterday by the tugs
Vigilant and Reliance. She took the mud
early in the proceedings, hut the two pow
erful towboats had no difficulty in gettine
her alongside the wharf. The John Ena
is one of the largest vessels that come to
San Francisco and is far and away the
lareest vessel that has ever docked at Sau-
MiitOi
TO RIDE THE CHUTES.
Conn Fredericks Will Steer a Cycle
Down the Steep Incline.
The prince of scorchers has arrived in
San Francisco and promises to make the
first of a series of the most exciting
bicycle rides ever given anywhere to
night.
His name is Conn Fredericks and he is a
member of the "Fredericks Troupe of
Demon Athletes," as they nre known, who
recently appeared at the Orpheum. At 10
o'clock the water running down the sides
of the chutes on Haigbt street will be
turned off, and with an ordinary safety
wheel he will coast down the 300-foot slide
and land in the lake. He performed the
feat a number of times at Earl's Court in
London, at Paul Boynton's big water
show, and never injured himself or his
wheel. Although he has not taken one of
these trips for some weeks he feels per
fectly confident of success on his inaugu
ral ride this evening.
-• — <~ •
CHANGES IN RAILROAD CIRCLES.
Freight Clerk Nash Accepts a Place
With the Texas and Pacific.
S. C. Nash, who for about three and a
half years past has occupied the position
of freight clerk with tne Southern Pacific
Company in the Union Trust Company's
building, at the corner of Montgomery
and Market streets, has been offered and
has accepted the place of contracting
freight agent with the Texas and Pacific
Railroad in this City. He will enter upon
his new duties on the 15th inst. Mr. Nash i
has been engaged in railroad business for
the past eighteen years off and on, and he
always performed his duties with satis
faction to his superiors and credit to him
self.
Harvey J. Craig, formerly the commer
cial agent of the Missouri, Kansas and !
Texas road in this City, has been trans
ferred to New Orleans, where he will repre
sent that company in the same capacity.
The San Francisco office of the company
has been closed.
George Cornwall, who was one of the
oldest engineers in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company, died suddenly
yesterday from a complication of troubles
which resulted in heart failure. He was
at work the day before. He went into
tbe employ of the company when the
Central Pacific Railroad was first operated
and had seen more than thirty years' ser
vice on the different lines. At the time
of his death he was running a passenger
engine on the Coast division.
A PICTURESQUE RIDE.
Special Train for Cazadero and Duncans
Mills* Next Sunday.
A grand excursion to Cazadero and Dun
cans Mills, with seats reserved just like
theater seats, is the leading event for next
Sunday. The popular rate of $1 50 for the
round trip has been secured, with a half
rate for children under 12. A special train
of first-class coaches will leave Sausalito
ou the arrival of tbe 8 a. m. boat of the
N. P. C. Railroad from this City, person
ally conducted by Excursion Manager
Locke, making fast time and giving three
and a half hours at Duncans Mills or three,
hours at Cnzadero and vicinity. Mr. Locke
has established a reputation for carrying
out his promises to the public, and it is no
wonder that his excursions are receiving
the patronage of the great mass of respect
able workingmen and business men.
These people only have Sundays for their
outings, but they want just such accom
modations and associations as Mr. Locke's
excursions furnish. Tickets can only be
secured on applicatiou at 333 O'Farrell
street, where Mr. Locke's office is open
daily until 9 p. m.
• — ♦ — »
A PHENOMENAL WELL.
Water in Unexpected Quantity Struck
Near Indio.
Word was received at the headquarters
of the Southern Pacific Company in this
City of a most remarkable strike of water
in the desert, 150 miles east of Los An
geles, at a point known as Walter's sta
tion. Here the surface of the ground is
195 feet below the level of the sea, ana the
subterranean stream of water was struck
at a depth of 485 feet below this surface,
or 680 feet belo%v the sea level. Here there
is undoubtedly a river of great volume,
for the flow at the surface is no less than
8000 gallons per hour, and the force of the
flow raised 5000 gallons an hour to a tank
thirty feet above the ground.
The larger portion of this water will be
used to supply the locomotives of the
company, and the surplus will be utilized
for irrigation purposes around the s ction
house, where already a garden has been
made to bloom in the desert.
NEW TO-DAY
DOCTORSWEANY.
The Ablest and Most Suc-
cessful Specialist of
the Age.
How many poor, sick, discouraged, down-hearted, pain-tortured human beings
there are in this world slowly but surely marching down to premature graves is be-
yond the computation of the best medical men of to-day. In the midst of all this
Suffering, Misery and Woe
There is no physician who occupies a higher or more enviable position as a benefactor
to humanity and a healer of the sick than the skilled specialist, DOCTOR SWEANY.
It has been his life's study and work to cheer and comfort the sick, an. l he has re-
stored to health many who liad long lost all hope for health and were in the very
shadows of the Valley of Death.
To the Young, Middle-Aged or Old Man,
Who, through the follies of youth or the excesses or overwork in after life, ha 3 en-
feebled his constitution, shattered his nervous system and diseased his brain, whose
mind at time wanders, whose memory is failing and who positively knows that he is
approaching an early and premature grave, it is to such as you that DOCTOR
SW EANY'S treatment appeals with the most intense force. He will help you to
Cast Off the Shackles of Disease,
He will clothe you with the armor of health, he will make you a man among men, a
tower of mental, physical and sexual strength. He treats and cures all Chronic
Diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head, Heart, Throat, Stomach, Liver and Bowels. Kidney
and Bladder Troubles, Catarrh, Rapture, Piles, Varicocele and that dreaded and
loathsome private disease, the curse of humanity, the cause of degradation and un-
timely death, thorou hly and forever cured by his new and sale treatment.
Diseases of Women
TREATED SCIENTIFICALLY AND WITH LNFAILING SUCCESS.
The Poor
Of this city are welcome to his professional services on Friday afternoons of every
week free and without charge.
Write your troubles if liTing away from the city. Thousands cured at home by
correspondence and medicines sent. Address
F|_ SWEANY M D 737 MARKET STREET,
• *■• OwwtMll ■ 9 IWIa U.y ban Francisco, Cal.
A RALLY IN THE MISSION
Republicans of Two Districts to
Hold a Rousing Meeting
Tonight.
Prominent Members of the Thirty.
Fourth and Thirty-Fifth Will
Open the Campaign.
A rousing mass-meeting' will be held to
night at the Mission Opera Hall on Mis
sion street, between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth, by the stalwart Republicans
of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth As
sembly districts. This will virtually con
stitute the opening of the Republican cam
paign in the Mission nd a large attendance
is expected. • ;
The many who expect to attend are
looking forward to the occasion with en
thusiasm. Good speakers will be present,
including Hon. Eugene F. .Loud, S. M.
Shortridge, John T. Dare, Major C. "W.
Kyle, Daniel T. Cole, Judge G. C. Groezin
ger and George W. Elder.
The vice-presidents will comprise such
prominent citizens as the following:
Thirty-fourth district— Percy Beamish, Hon.
Eugene F. Bert, Hon. John L. Boone. Charles
Mayer, Hon. John T. Broderick, Cord Wetjen,
George W. Elder, W. W. Whan, William M.
Cashman, J. E. Elkington; E. B. Smith, State
Central Committeeman; R. Schueter, John
Jackson, County Committeemen; H. G.
Krasky, James Smiley, George Dietterle, Dr. E.
iL. Mulligan, Z. T. Barber, George Burn
hardt, J. Hanson, W. J. Kirkwood, F. M.
I Zeising, D. J. Kelly. William Cnirns,
| William Lowenberg, William A. Brown. George
I C. Weir, Angus McLeJd, Henry Toimemacher,
i Dr. P. F. C. Beihl, George Rutz, Judge G. C.
Groezinger, William Patterson, 1 Clans Schroe
der, J. K. C. Hobbs, H. C. Henderson, Joseph
Schidei, Harry Beasley, P. L. Griffith, B. T.
Colby, D. L. Munson, C. C. Butt, John Line
fa an, Walter Lucas, I.J.Truman, C. E. Ester
brook, Daniel T. Cole, John Lvcett, C. F. Mul
lins, P. J. Gordon, W. T. Rogers, A. Dable,
Charles Reno, William Casey, J. W. Madden,
E. Gallagher, William Chase, Del B. Bowley,
F. W. Hadley. 5, . -
Thirty-fifth District— J. D Spreckles, John D.
Daley, I. H. Thompson, John T. Dare, V. F.
Northrop, C. M. Depew, R. H. Stafford. C. L.
Hedemark, James McKnight. L. F. Mulville, J.
W. Murphy, Perry J. bmith. W. W. Macey, M.
J. McPherson, E. A. Grnut, J. N. Raeve, Burow
Kelly, P. C. Francis, E. 11. Herrick, Dr. E. U.
Torreilo, H. Collins, G. W. Lebenham, W. R.
Plumb, D. I. Newkirk, Elgin MeNab. George
Dean, R. B. Fredericks, A. J. Styclie, J. M.
Rhodes, P. J. Hyde, S. Gamble, J. F. Butler. W.
A. Newbert, A. P. Van Dueser.
The mass-meeting will be held under
the auspices of the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District Central Republican Clud, of which
the following are officers: F. J.Hnrst,
president; E. W. Eustice, secretary; R.
B. Bartlett, treasurer; Charles Mayer,
chairman of executive committee; Dr. E.
L. Mulligan, chairman of vice-presidents;
George W. Elder, chairman of finance
committee.
The following constitute the committee
of arrangements for the mass-meeting: F.
J. Hurst, E. B. Smith, William Cashman,
George W. Elder, W. W. Whan, . Cord
Wetjen, E. W. Eustice. C. C. Butt.
— : — — •
Preferred Sitting to Standing;
Something of a scene was created on one of
the cars of the Fillmore-street line yesterday
morning by two police officers refusing to give
up their seats to two ladies on the request ot
Conductor Townsend. Policemen and firemen
are allowed to ride free on the cars, with the
understanding that they, like children who
are too young to be taxed ior transportation,
relinquish their seats when they are required
for revenue contributors. The officers are
charged by the conductor with violating this
understanding, and the officers deny the alle
gation. A hearing will be had in reference to
the matter before General Manager Vinintt to
day, at which the three persons interested will
be present. Should the statement of tne con
ductor be sustained, the matter will probably
be brought officially to the attention of the
Police Department.NEW YORK WANTS
SOUND MONEY CLUBS
But the L*cal Chamber of
Commece Will Keep
Out of Politics.
WANTS NO TORPEDOES.
It May Stir Into Action to De
fend Our Samoan Trade
Irom the Germans
A MAISHALL ISLAND STORY-
Importnt Letter From J. R. Watson,
Wlich Goes to the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Thi trustees of the Chamber of Com
merce at their quarterly meeting yester
day «ecided to iet the question of money
staniards discreetly alone and also decided
that the Chamber of Commerce should
stiritself in behalf of this City's dwindling
Soith Sea commerce, and especially in be
l.ai of American interests in the Samoan
IsHnds, where the Germans are reported
to be again agsressively seeking to cap
ture the islands — commercially and politi
cally.
Hugh Craig presided at the meeting and
ijecretaryW. L. Merry read the several
communications on which the board took
tction.
The financial question was brought up
;hrough a communication from the chair
man of the executive committee or the
New York Chamber of Commerce, which
bad been addressed to John J. Valentine
and by him referred to the chamber
throueh Homer S. King, manager of
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s bank. A somewhat
Mrailar letter had been received directiy
hy the Chamber of Commerce some time
apo. but it was never replied to.
The letter from New York, seekine co
operation in beaalf of sound money, was
as follows:
New Vqrk. July 17, 1896.
John J. Valentine, President Well*, Fargo <fc
Co., San F<ancii<co— Dear Sir: I beg leave to
acknowledge receipt of your valued favor of
the 11th hist., the contents of which I have
read with (treat interest, and wish to thank
you for the valuable information you give me.
I regret to learn tnat the situation in Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington is at present
so unsatisfactory. Unfortunately the same
condition of affairs obtains in a very large part
of the country and the silver craze has even
penetrated as far ax the East and has infected
our farming population in the Middle aud
Eastern States to a very large extent.
Our committee are continuing their educa
tional efforts and are endeavoring to aid and
co-operate In the formation of sound- money
organizations in other States and cities for the
purpose of rousing the sentiment in favor of
sound money and of carrying out a campaign
of education through the establishment of
sound- money clubs in small centers, this being,
in our opinion, the most effective way to com
bat the silver heresy.
I understand perfectly that your large
responsibilities and cares will render it im
possible for you to undertake Hny active work
in the sound-money struggle that is before us,
but I take the liberty of asking you it you
could give me the names and addresses of
1 lomlnent business men of Ban Francisco who
have a certain amount of leisure at their dis
posal and who could, in your opinion, give
aid in forming the nucleus for a sound-money
organization.
Thanking you for any information that you
may be able to give us in this matter, I am,
my dear sir, yours very truly,
Guptave H. Schwab, .
Chairman Executive Committee.
Last fall the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce put itself on record by sdopt
ine conservative resolutions la favor of
bimetallism, declaring for the use of silver
to the extent possible with the co-ordinate
use of gold, and as since that time the
question nas become a party on* the trus
tees deciied to let it alone. The New
York Chamber of Commerce will be in
formed, through Mr. Valentine, that the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce does
not vrisd to take any action on the
subject.
A communication from the Syrtnpy
Chamber of Commerce, replying briefly
and in a very general way to letters 're
garding the lumber trade with Australia,
was referred to the Pacific Pine Lumber
Company.
From the San Francisco Fruit Exchange
fame a long communication requesting
ro-operation in the protection of the mar
kets of San Francisco from the impure and
adulterated products which it has com
paratively recently been discovered
are competing with local fruit product?.
The letter was similar to on* sent to the
Board of Health not long ago. The reply
was ordered sent that a special committee
on the matter would be appointed as re
quested, and promising the co-operation
of the chamber.
F. M. Close, who believes that he has in
vented an auto mobile submarine torpedo
which would be of great value in the de
fense of this port, wrote inviting the atten
tion and assistance r>t the Chamber of
Commerce, but he will be informed by the
com tee on harbor improvements that
submarine torpedoes are not among the
methods by which the chamber tries to
protect this City's commerce.
The matter which the trustees thought
of most importance and interest was the
American commerce of the Bouth Seas
and the danger that what was left of the
Samoan trade would soon be gone through
German aggressions.
James R. Watson of this City, « ship
ping and commission merchant of lone
experience in the trade, sent a long letter,
which will be transmitted to the Secretary
of the Treasury as another means of urg
ing the matter on the attention of the
Government. Mr. Watson sounded an
other note of alarm, described past com
mercial successes of tbe Germans in South
Sea competition with Americans and
urged the need of action as follows:
San Francisco, Cal., Aucust 10, 1896.
W. L. Merry, Esq., Secretary Chamber of Com'
meree— Dear Sir: By steamer Minowai that
arrived here on July 30 advices were received
that the Germans at Samoa were again en
deavoring to secure control of these islands.
Their last attempts in this direction were frus
trated by the active lnterferance of the United
States, thanks to our then Consul, H. M. Sew
all, our Secretary of State, the late James G.
Biaine, and the lion. W. W. Morrow, then a
member of Congress. . ,
Mr. Morrow, by the resolutions that he in
troduced in Congress, effectively called its at
tention to the interference of the Germans
with the good goverment of Samoa, and by the
stand then taken by our Government, through
the late Mr. Blalne, the Berlin treaty was
brought about. From this treaty the islands
have derived considerable benefit.
The Germans, however, do not seem to be
content to work under the Berlin set, but aim
at the annexation of the islands. The German
press are urging their Government to appoint
as president of the council at Bomoa Mr.
Brandeis, who was instrumental in causing
the trouble that the Berlin treaty was intended
to end, and if Mr. Brandeis is appointed it will
be in violation of the terms of the treaty and
will assuredly cause trouble and end as the
Germans wish, in the annexation of the
islands. \
What the results will be If such annexation
to Germany occurs the Marshall Islands furnish
an example. Prior to 1880 the merchants and
shipowners of this City did considerable busi
ness with the Marshall group. The late, An
drew Crawford had a head trading station on
the Island of Legiep with sub-stations through
out the group, and in the course of the year
would ship by his sailing vessels from this
port to bis house at Legiep California produce,
lumber, etc., and manufactured goods to the
invoice value of $80,000 to $100,000. The big
German trading linn in the Marshall , Islands
got its Government to assume a protectorate
over the group and guaranteed that it would
pay the expenses of same.
The protectorate was established and a high
commissioner with secretary and other
omciuls were sent to the islands, and tomisethe
necessary coin to pay /or all this, heavy taxes
were imposed. Prior to this, there were no
taxes, bat now Mr. Crawfora's head station
had to pay $1500 per annum, and his *ub-
Etatiou? corresponding amounts, livery em
ployu of Mr. < rawfonl's in the island*, white,
yellow and black, had to pay $1 25 per quar
ter, and every captain and seaman sailing in
his vessels touching at the islands had to pays 3,
even thouph he slept aboard his ves.>t>l. fheu
the natives had to pay taxes also, and were
not allowed to sell products to any one until
the taxes were paid. The Germa"n firm had
the privilege of taking for payment of taxes
produce from the natives at 50* per cent of its
market value, and Mr. Crawford, thougn
willlnc to pay full market value for such pro
duce, was not allowed to get it until the taxes
duv by the natives were lully paid up. And
worst of all, the Germans ordered that one of
the islands In the group, where their firm had
its head Btntion, was in future to be the only
port of entry anrt clearance for vessels touch
ing at the islands.
This forced Mr. Crawford to remove his head
Station, where he had considerable money iu
vested, to the port of entry. The result of the
system of protectorate government «"> estab
lished was that Craw for i und otner American
merchants were forced to cease doiae further
business with the Marshall Islands. No Amer
ican firm is now established in the group, the
natives have been pauperized and the big Ger
man firm under the protection of its Govern
ment has a complete monopoly of the island
business.
This is what the Germans aim to do in
Samoa and such will be the result of their su
premacy there if rhey are allowed to get it.
In the efforts of our Chamber of Commerce
to revive and improve the business of this
City the above matter is worthy of serious
attention. Not mure than ten years ago there
were about twenty sailing vessels carrying
American merchandise to diffeieut groups of
islands in the Pacific, one firm alone— that of
A. Crawford <fc Co.— shipping lumber and mer
chandise to the value ot $150,000 io $175,000
per annum. These gave employment to our
seamen, and their provisions and outfits were
got irom our local merchants. Now, that there
are only .two or three vessels making occa
sional trips, some Idea may be formed of how
the business of this vort has diminished.
There are many other evils that have re
sulted through the graobing up of P«cific
islands by foreign powers, ai«l tuese ran be
goneiulo for consideration later on. All the
information that I have connected with the
! foregoing is at your service. I hex to remain,
| yours very respectfully, James R. WaTsou.
SUPERVISORS DODGING.
Seek to Evade Accusations of the
People on Legal Techni
calities.
Demurrer to the Charges Preferred
Entered by General J H.
Dickinson.
General J. H. Dicki.ison, attorney for
the indicted members of the Board of
Supervisors, yesterday filed a demurrer to
the accusation of the people of the State
of California charging the certain mem
bers of the board with corrupt practices in
having reduced the tax assessments of sev
eral corporations.
Yesterday was the last day on which the
accused Supervisors could tile an answer or
demurrer.to the Grand Jury's indictment.
The latter document wa3 presented to
Judge Slack and by him assigned to Judge
Seawell for hearing.
The demurrer to the accusations is based
on the following grounds:
That the accusations do not state facts s'lffi-
I cleut to constitute a crime or public offense
i committed by said deiendants, or either or
• any of them.
That said accusations do not substantially
1 poniorm tn thi 1 requirements of sections 950,
■ 951 and 952 of the Penal Code, or of either or
any of them.
That the Hccu!"nfions do not charge the de
i fendnnts with willlul or corrupt miscouduct
! In office.
| That they dw not state facts sufficient to
warrant a judgment removing the deiendants
! from i. Mice.
That (.he accusations are indefinite and in
direct in tha statement of facts and particular
circumstances of the offense charged.
That accusations do not state an offense
wilder section 758 of the Political Code, in
tnat it does not allege sufficiently that any
thing done by the rtefendair.s in their official
enpacity as Supervisors of the City and County
of San Francisco was done with corrupt, par
! tial, miilicions or other improper motives, or
' with knowledge that it was unlawful or
wrong, or that anything done as such public
I officers was nn unlawful act.
That accusations are Insufficient in that it is
not alleged in nor does it appear from them that
the acts of defendants were illegal or unlawful
acts, the defendants having jurisdiction and
nuihority under the law to do the said act*.
and it being their duty under the law to act
I in the premises, and in that behalf to exercise
I their judgment and discretion in respect
thereto.
That several causes of action have been im-
I properly united in said accusations or c<\m
| piaints, to wit: A several cause of action
I against each of the several defendants appear
ing by this demurrer, with a several eauce of
action against each of the other of said de
fendants.
That several of the causes of action have
been improperly united, in that said accusa
tion contains three separate counts and at
tempts to set forth three separate or distinct
crimes or offenses, and alleges willful and cor
ruM misconduct in three separate and distinct
onuses, and undertakes to jo.n and unite them
ail together in one charge and accusation.
There is a defect oi parties defendant herein,
in ihat the action set forth iv the accusation
in the reduction of the assessments was and is
the action oi the entire Board of Supervisors,
consisting of twelve, and but seven of those
twelve are made deienaants herein.
Wherefore, it is prayed that the defend
ants be dismissed.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS ASTIR,
Rincon Parlor Making Extensive
Preparations for Admis
sion Day.
Full List of Committees Already at
Work Arranging to Make Things
Hum at Stocktcn.
Rincon Parlor No. 72, g. S. G. W., is
making great preparations for the coming
9th of September celebration at Stockton.
Rincon Parlor, one of the largest par
lors in the order of Native Sons of the
Golden West, was organized in San Fran
cesco November, 1885. Since then it has
paid to its sick members a vast amount of
money; during the last three months it
has paid $457 05 as benefits. On the 9th
of September celebrations llincon Parlor
is cenerally one of the largest :n numbers
to parade.
This year the members will be seen at
Stockton in anentire;y new uniform, which
will he wholly white. They heve secured
Weber Hail, w ere they intend holding a
banquet, an open house on the afternoon
of tne 9th of September and a ball in the
evening.
The following committees are hard at
work, and no stone will be left unturned
to make the 9th uf September celebration
at Stockton this year one long to be re*
membered by all :
C. T. McCarthy, chairman; L. K. Hogeiiknmp,
secretary.
Joint committee— G. H. S. Dryden, W. J.
Wynn, L. K. Hag'jnkamp.
Press committee— G. H. S. Dryden, John
Uniform committce-^T. Hannan, J. Wilion
J. FeiK, J. P. Hetticn, W. J. Wynn.
Finance committee— A. H.'Kacouillat R J
Wilson, W. . I. Wyrit:, Thomas H. Vivian J F
Finn, J. P. Hettich, C. T. McCarthy.
Decorutio i cnminitue-- J. P. I)onovan, H.
Henscbep, W. A. Peak.-, H. p. Smith. J. Don
nelly, J. Gilmour, 3. i. Handley.
Mugic committee— V. H. So:it«g, W. E. Foley
A. H. Racouiilat, Joseph Keig, J. 1). Allen.
Refreshment committee— Ho'rt. Thomas H.
Vivian, J. Wilson, J. J. Hannan, J. I. Donovan.
P. H. ?ontai;, HP. Smith, \Y. A. I'eake, 11.
Ueaecbea, \V. J. Wjnn,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGrrST 12, 1896.
President George R. Fletcher and the Officers of Laurel Republican
Club, Fortieth District.
THEIR HONEYMOON
WAS INTERRUPTED,
Bernard Pouchan Arrested
on the Charge of
Perjury.
MARRIED LAST MONDAY.
He Swore That His Pretty
Youog Wife Was Eighteen
Years of Age.
SHE LACKED A FEW MONTHS.
It Is Said the Complaining Witness
Has Been Influenced by a Dis
carded Lever.
Bernard Pouclian, a cook in the Palace
Hotel, was married to pretty Hannah Ber
gret on Monday afternoon and yesterday
ifternoon he was arrested on a warrant
and taken to the City Prison on a charge
of perjury. His attorney, P. Alexandre
Bergerot, at once secured his release on
$500 bonds.
His pretty young wife came to the
prison just before he was released and she
seemed heartbroken at the unhappy inter
ruption of their honeymoon, but she dried
her eyes and brightened up when Attor
ney Bergerot arrived with the order for
her husband's release.
The complaining witness in the case is
Jean Batiste Bergret, 20 years of age, who
is employed in a laundry and is the
brother of Mrs. Pouchan. He charges
that Pouchan in swearing when obtaining
he marriage license that his Bister was 18
years, committed perjury, as she wants a
few months of being that age.
Pouchan is 34 years of age and met Miss
Bergret tijree or four months ago. They
met frequently afterward and last week
Pouchan proposed marriage to her and
found to his delight that his love tor her
was reciprocated.
On Saturday he went to Cupid Danforth
for the marriage license. In answer to the
question as to the young lady's age he
said he did not know of his own knowledge
but .*he had told lnm she was 18 and so it
was inserted in tlie license.
Attorney Bergerot in speaking of
Pouchan's arrest said : "According to the
Code Napoleon the consent of a girl's
parents or guardians must be obtained to
her marriage till she is 25 years of age.
Miss Bergret's parents are in France, but
Pouchan," although he had no occasion to
do so, went to her biother with whom he
had been on the most friendly terms, and
told him that he was to marry his sister.
Pouchdn asked him to attend the wedding
and he said he would. They had a couple
of drinks together and parted on the moat
friendly terms.
"Bergret did not attend the wedding,
which was a disappointment to his sister,
but instead went out to die City Hall and
swore to the complaint charging Pouchan
with perjury.
"Mrs. Pouchan will admit that she told
Pouchan her age was 18, and he had no
reason to doubt her statement, as she
looks more like 21 or 22. She was in love
and was anxious to get married, and never
thought that a few montb.9 would make
any difference.
"I cannot understand Bergret'a action,
as he was always on the most friendly
terms with Pouchan. I suppose he has
been instigated to take this step by some
discarded lover of his sister, at least that
is what Mrs. Pouchan believes."
The case will come before Judge Joach.
imsen this morning, and it is not ex
pected that under the circumstances Pou
cUan will be held to answer.
FORTIETH DISTRICT
REPUBLICAN CLUB,
Richmond Stands Up for
the Grand Old
Party.
PROVED ITS LOYALTY.
Democracy Does Not Thrive in
a Progressive Cli
mate.
G. S. FLETCHER 13 POPULAB.
His Aggressiveness Against Corpora
tion Greed Is Sustain- d by the
People of the City.
Laurel Republican Club is the name by
which the Republicans of the Fortieth
Assembly District chose to designate their
club. The significance of this coeuoiuen
is that the Richmond district carries away
the laurels in all contests in which the
people of that section take part.
The boundary line of the Fortieth Dis
trict is from Avenue B, at the ocean, to
First avenue, to Turk, to Broderick, to
O'Farrell, to Van Kesß avenue, to Saora
mento, along that thcrouehfare to Cali
fornia street and back to the Cliff House,
or ocean, taking in, as already shown, the
Richmond valley.
Yet the real active political work of the
district is done on the more western in
habited portion. Coakley's Hall, on the
corner of Geary street and Central ave
nue, is the recognized rendezvous of the
Republicans of what is termed the Laurel
Club.
George R. Fletcher, who has made
himself so conspicuous in movements of
progressive improvements in the Rich
mond District as president of the Point
Lobos Improvement Club, is the pres
ident of the club. As superintendent
of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery he
was always ready to advocate modern
ideas and to ur«e others to follow his ex
ample. It was he wlio organized the fed
eration of improvement clubs started
the iy % cent carfare crusade in this
City, und it is he who has started the
liaht against granting a franchise to the
Geary-street Cable Company eeven years
before it should be asked for, and it is he
who filed his bond with the County Clerk
to enjoin the "Solid Seven" from granting
that trar.chise. f
It was he who by his magnetism and
good judenient organised p°rhaps the best
Assemuly district Republican club in the
City by inducing tne young men of
Richmond to enroll themselves with
the party of progress and plenty. In
recognition of all those good deeds the
patriotic Republicans made him president
of the club, and if general sentiment goes
for anything they will try hard to have
him nominated as a Supervisor from the
Twelfth Ward, which he has done so much
to build up us the Republican fortifica
tion of the Fifth Congres>ional District.
Nor is Mr. Fletcher alone in all this
labor for the district and for the Republi
can party. Hii associates, the officers of
the club, are in fuli accord witli him, and
each possesses an influence among his
associates, so that when Laurel Republi
can Club holds a meeting Coakiey's Hall
is filled with as fine a set of young and
middle-aged men as can be found in any
political club in the United States.
The men who have assisted the presi
dent so laithfully in organizing the Laurel
Club are: Joseph Laib, first vice-president;
John Forsyth, second vice-president;.
George Magoonis, recording secretary ;
Samuel McKelvey, financial secretary;
Chris Mobrmann, treasurer: Edward M«».
pies, sergeant-at-arms; executive commit
tee—F. A. Maestretti (chairman), H.
Thompson, Joseph Preston, Joseph Hea
ney, John J. Cassidy and Thomas Eagar.
The Kclipse Not Visible.
The first authentic news of the failure of the
local expedition to Japan to observe the eclipse
of Sunday was received yesterday in the fol
lowing dispatch:
August 11.
F. K. Zlel, Secretary Aitronomico isoclety, ■ 110
California Street : A cable message from me Lick
Observatory eclipse party In Japan recites tbat
the sky was wholly clouded during the eclipse.
EDWAED S. HOXDKK.
Professor .Lick Observatory. ,
Us Is on liupottor.
W. K. Vickery bus reported to the Merchants'
Association the case of a man who is a swin
dler. In his letter Mr. Vickery says: "I wish
to warn merchants in San Fraunisco against a
man who is going the rounds, offering to mend
awnings. He borrows toobi und hammers
principally, and never returns them. I find
that others besides myself have been victim
ized."
NEW TO-DAT.
Danger to
Young Men.
The chances of total loss of manly power
are so great in men who find slight indi-
cations of a waste in the system that it is
vitally important that such indications be
attended to at once. They should be
checked while such a thing is possible, for
if they are permitted to continue, instead
* of stopping naturally, they will become
greater from day to day, and will, in a few" j
years, completely disrupt the whole nerv-
ous and vital organism.
Young men who notice what they con-
sider light symptoms of weakness ]do not
realize the danger that lurks in their path.
They do not understand the serious conse-
quences, the destruction of nerve tissue,
waste of vital force and power of brain,
loss of flesh, loss of memory and total
. impotency. These are the consequences
that follow in the trail of slight evidences
1 of weakness.
: ..: CORE IT, NOW.
, To protect your future manhood, to
guard against total loss of vitality, regain
. your health now. ' While youth is at hand
to bring happiness and joy, such as comes
1 to the strong, drive away the cause of de-
i j pression,. bring back confidence, bright
. eyes and happy disposition. Bring them
back naturally by removing the weakness
You can do this with ' " • ■
; DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
MANHOOD QUICKLY RESTORED.
-Westminster, Orange Co., cal., »
• T ;. :••.. .=, May 18, iB96.}t
Dr. A. T. Sasden— Dear Sir: The Belt which
I boueht from you some time ago: has. cured
me My disease was seminal we.\kness of tire
years' standing. I used all kinds of drugs and
patent medicines, and' was, when I began
your treatment,' in a ■ very ! weak condition,
both from my trouble and the many different
drugs I had taken. As goon as I applied your
Belt I found relief, In three weeks a general
improved conditon, and I am now entirely
cured. I cannot say too much in praise of your
Belt. Yours truly, . ... J. M. HUBBARD.
THE EFFECTS ARE WONDERFUL.
Marysvillb, Cal., Aug. 6, 1896. 
' Dr. A. -T. 6anden— Dear air : I feel it my
duty to let you know that your Belt has done
for me all yVJu recommended it would do, and
I feel that I cannot recommend it too highly.
I suffered f >r years with nervousness and logs
of sleep. ."I have only worn the Beltonemonth
and the ■ improvement" is wonderful. : -- Most
respectfully yours, ■ M. J. GORMAN, ,
Care Golden Eagle Hotel.
Men wno are weaK, or wno xeexany sign
of weakness, should try this famous Elec-
tric Belt. It will give you new s life and
energy. :It cures all the effects :of youth-
ful errors. Send v for the book "Three
Classes of Men," which ! Dr. Sanden will
send, closely sealed, free on application.
Call or address i
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
1 080 Market Street, San Francisco, ;
Opposite Palace HoteL ,OtBc« hours; a a. M. to
8:30 P. M.: (Sundays, 10 to 1. ■ " ■
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT: ■ —- ,
M)B ANGELES, CAL., I ' TORTLAND. OK., ,
XV* Soul*. Broadway, | 253 Wft9t»inf wa atrMt.
N£W TO-DAT- DRY GOODS.
Extraordinary values now offered in House
Linen, Marseilles Quilts, Down Quilts, Cotton
Comforts, Linen Damask, Napkins, Towels,
Flannels, Sheetings, Etc., Etc., Etc.
Special values in 72x84 All-Wool Blankets at S5 per pair
68xS0 All-Wool Blankets at 53.85 per pair
20x40 Hemstitched Towels at 2Oc each
26x26 Damask Napkins at S3 per dozen
22x22 Damask Napkins at SI -5O per dozen
72-inch Bleached Damask at 90c per yard
72-inch Half-Bleached Damask at sOc per yard
11-4 Crochet Quilts at 90c each
114 Marseilles Qnilts at 52.50 each
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VXILBXjEi 33E3 PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
ARE YOU
POSTED
ON CUTLERY?
We have been established 44 veara, and our
reputation Is otirguarantee.
Ueo. Wostenholui's (IXL) one-blade "Barlow"
Knife 20c
I Geo. Wostenholm's (IXL) mo-blade "Barlow"
Knife... ■...4 0c
6-inch Shears, our own brand, warranted 500
Solid Bone Handle Table Knives, extra quality.
...., ;..- set of 6 81.25
FINCKS
"GOLDEN GATE"
RAZOR.
THE BEST IX THE ? WORLD, Every one
guaranteed. If not satisfactory, can be exchanged.
- PRICE *a. so.
Our celebrated Will* Finck Co. Carvers
from 81 to $10 per set.
ire* RAZORS and SHEARS ([round by
skilled mechanics, a specialty.
UBBZQ MARKET ST
The
Subscription List
Of the
■ ■
■
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
THESDCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE UDMILL ROOM
— — Oe' THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPEN U>TJI. MIDNIGHT.
RAILROAD TRAVELS^ m
Atlantic "^^ffip^
Trains leave and arrive k\ RSySBWa
Market-Street Ferry. IPftrtyjaarsßJ
SASTA FE EXPRESS. ||||§
To Chioa o ria A. & I ' .\^^^Po&^y^i
Direct Lino • pl «fi'V<^t*'"^S^
Leaves every day at 5 p. v.. carr>iuM > )'nliu:»a
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, a! ho .Modern Up-
bolstered Tourist sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and in charire of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and Si. I .null ;— nffurin utrrni " mwirTW
Personally conducted Boston Excursions via
I'-Misas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
Mountains leave every Wednesday. ■ -
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust; interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
Telephone Mala 1531.
MTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry). ■
from San I'ranclsco, Cornnvnclnir June 15, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill • Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *Boo
*9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. it; I:is, 3:^o, 4:15,
5:1&. •tj:Ot>, <:85 V. M. •
Extra trips for San ■ Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 P. M. '•<• ■-'■*/■'
- ' SUNDAYS. V
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-»8:00. *9:00,
•10:00. 11:30 A. M. ;**lv!:3J. *1 *2:15, *4-00, r
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. M. i..\;ra trip to Sausalitoac
11:00 a. m. . < • -<■•- '
Trains marked * run to Han Qoentin. ♦*12:3U
"P. H. does not run to Mill Valley. *-"• -
- .-. THROUGH TRAINS.- •
' For Point Reyes aim way stations— 9 . a. x.
Sundays. ■• ~ , :■ ,
• For Point ' Reyes, Cazadero and way stations—
8:00 a. m. Sundays; 1:4.5 c. m. weekdays. .
_ RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SOUTHER* fVMIir COMPANY.
(PACIFIC MV.STEM.)
Trnln* lenve »n<l me <:<■<• to ariife m
san nuwiiMi
Mate — Fnou Juice 7. 1896. — arrive
'•6:OO\ Niles, San Jose and Way Stations . . . 8:45 a
7:0Oa Atlantic Express, Og<len and Kast.. »-4.1»
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Kuir.s-y. Sacra-
mento, OroTllle and Redding vi»
Davis 6:45?
7:»0a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:13?
•iROa Nile.i, San Jose, Stnoliton, lone,
Sacramento, Maryirille and IteC
liluff 4il»p
•S:3Oa Peters and Milton... •7:15?
•iOOa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
- ' Barbara and Los Angeles 4:4!>?
«:OO a Martinez and Stockton 11:4.1 a
©:00a Vallejo ; 6:15p
l:OOp NileB, San Jose and LiTeruiore .... 8:45 a
•I:OOp Sacramento Ki»er Steamers «9:00p
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4s*
4t«Oi> Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo ■
Kapa, Calistoga, HI Verauo wi
Sautaßosa... 9xl»a
•tVOr Benicia, Vacate, Woodland,
, Knights Landing, Marysvi!l&,
OroTillo and Sacramento 10:43 a
4s3opNllcB, San Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton 7ilSr
4:B*f Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yoaemite) and Fresno 11:4Sa
5:Mr Heyr Orleans Kxprecs, Fresno, Baker*.
<iekl, Har.ta Barbara, Los AngeleL
. Dentine, El l'aso, New Orleans and
East 10:13*
SißOr Santa l'o Iloute, Atlantic Express
■ for Mojave aud East IC:l5a
sioop Vallejo H:4sa
«:O« e Kuropean Mat), Ogrien awl Kast.... 9:13 a
««OOp Haywards, Nlles and San Jose 7:43 a
J7:ooi> Vallejo t7'.45*
7:00p Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland, I'ugct
Sound and ):aat I0:4Ba
' SAHTA <;K> / IHVIMOX (Narrow t.&uyo).
~|7i4sa Santa Crcz Excursion, Kanta Crux
- and Principal Way Stations ...... }B»tsr
111 5 A Newark, Center»llle,Snii.loso,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations BiHr
•8;15r Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *Il>SOa
14:15p Newark. San .lone and T.o^C.'atos Iftt:3O\
_ COAST VISION (Iliinl X ToiTiiseml Sts.)
««i4sa ban Jose and Way .Stations (New
- Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
57:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jos«y
Santa Crnz. Pacifio fiiore, ana
Principal Way Stations JB:ss*
•jISa San .loso, I'rv.s Piuos, Kunta Cruz.
Tacilio Grove, Paso Rubles, Sao
JLuls Oblspo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stnlions 7iO3p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations f!:3op
10-.40 A San Jo 3d Way Stations... »:O«p
lIiSOa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•2s3op San Mateo. Menlo Park. Han Jos%
Gilroy, Tres Vinos, Santa Criii,
Balii:as,Mont.eri;yaiidracißcGiove *IQ:10a
•8:: tOp San Jose, Pacifio Grove and Way
Stations *l;3O»
: •4:30r San Jose *nd Way Stations *»:oOa
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:-ISa
O:3Op San Jose a-.-d Way Stations 6:33*
H1:45l- Ban Joßanml Way Stations +7:-t.tf
_SAX LbAMMtO AMI) HAVWAKI>> LOCAL.
V'6:OOa 1 ( 7:15*
8:00 a I «9:4.->a
lo.oSa Melrose, Seminary Park, 5? t lft
"Jlo'Sp Fitebbiirg,S«le«nQro "f-jgj
Si ' :.i 5:4 5p
Ii:OOp 8. .rd.. •:l.'ip
5:30 P fll "" Ui ,?:*.>»
7:l)0p v 8:43*
»:OOp » Runs through to Ni!es. J mo^So'
tHl»lspj tgromlHles. I. taa:OOf
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiX /KiKOISC!)— Foot of Market Strett (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9.00 11:00 a.m. JI:M »2:00 J3:CC
•4:00 t8:C0 *6:00 p.m.
rrosnOllLAND-Fcot or Broad raj.— -6:00 8:00
• 10:00 a.m. U2:C3 *l:00 $3:00 *3:03 $feM
*3:00 p.M. - -' ■ ■
A tor Morning, P for Afternoon. .
. * Sundays executed. 1 Saturday* only
t Sundays only.
It Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Crag.
*i Sundays and Mnndars from Santa Cnis.
SMFRIKCISCO&JVORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
liboron ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. :
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13-88 L
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 r. m. : Thursdaya-Extr* trip
at 11 :30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips M 1 :39
and 11:30 p. m.
BDNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3%
-6:00, 6:20 p.m. - .-«»-*
| San Kafael to San Franciaco.
i WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A *.•
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 P. m. Saturdays-Extra trlpj
at 1:55 p. it. and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYB— 7:3S, 9:ofi, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4 a
6:00,0:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris same
schedule as above. . .
• ™ .Leave inpffeet : Arrive
Ban, Francisco- ™ v *" ,' San Francisco.
: Wkb«c I Sun- ....ffi*.. . I Bi:n- I Wbick"
, Davb. [ pays. L *" ln » tl ° n « pAYS [ Day*
7:30 am 7:30 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ax
' B:3opm 9-30 am Petalunia. 6:05 pm 10:10 AM
1 6:10 5:00 Santa Rosa.j 7:30 pm 6:15 pk
I Fulton, ]
' 130 am Windsor, . 10:10 am
IHealdstmr;,
- . ■■ • j Geyser ville,
• 3:30 PM 7:30 am| Clovprdale. I 7:30 pm . 6:15
- I view,
7:30 am - ] Hopland & 1 10:10 am
! 8:30 7 :30 am i Uklah. 7:30 6:15
i 7:30 am! ' ' 10:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm| 6:15 pst
7:30 am 7:30 am! Sonoma 1 10 am 8:40 am
, ■ -• ,; \ and I
6:10 PM 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:So am| SebastODoL | 10:4 ° am 10:10 AM
B:3Opm|s:oopm| aep " [ol>ol - | 6 :oa TM| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Hanta Kosa for Marie ' West
| Springs: at Geyservllle : for < Skatncs .Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
I Springs, Kclseyvllle. Soda Bay and i.akeport; a;
j Hopland for Lalceport and Bar: ett Springs; at
i Eitlah for Vichy Springs, Karatog» springs. Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porao, Potter
Valley. •■ John Day's, Rlverslrte, Llerley's, ;■ Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
; •Greenwood, Git's Hot <sprlngi. ! Mendoclno City,
', Fort Bragg, I Westpori, Uml, Wll.ets, Cahto, C+
Ye.o. Laytonville. Harris, Scotia and Eureka. .
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red used
■tea ' ■ ■ ■ . • - ,-...■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points tM»
yond San Kafael at half rates. '
• Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., : Chronicle bntldlo^
B. C WHITING, .. R. X. BY AS, =
I . Gen. Manager. , Gen. Pass, Ageak_
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
6CMMAKT OF THE MAKKETS.
Pronounced decline in Silver.
Wheat weak. Freights firm.
Barley quiet.
Oats in moderate demand.
Yellow Corn lower,
Rye very dull.
Hay continues weak.
Feedstuff* unchanged.
Bean i dull and nominal.
Potatoes unsettled. Onions lower.
Butter and E*gs weak. Chees* firm.
Poultry rather steadier.
Fr^sh Fruits about the same.
Dried Fruits quiet.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Provisions in fair movement.
Hides and Leather dull.
Hops and Wool demoralised.
Hogs lower.
Coal in good supply.
Coffee quiet.
r x pianßTinn.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
t station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually Eccomuauied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
ami accompanied by cloud}- weather and rains.
"1.0-.vs" usually first appear on the Washington
■ oast. Whin the pressure is high in the interior
and low alone; the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California" coast, warmel
weather may be expected in summer and coldet
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHEH BUKEAU REPORT.
T'NITKP STATKS DKPARTSCEXT OF AGBICtJIr
TtRE, WKATHEK Bl'BEAl', SAN FBANCIBCO, Aug.
11. 1«96, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62. Fresno 98, San Diego 74, Redßufl
&fc. San Luis obispo 74. Viimn 108, San Francisco
6^. Los A nicies >8.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 56, mean 59.
The pressure is highest this evening In the
Daxotas and lowest in Arizona. Fair, warm
weather prevails throughout the region west of
the Rocky Mountains, with the exception of a
small cloudy area on the Northern Calitornia coast.
Forecast male at Sa 1 Francisco for thiny hours
endt.ig midnight August 12. 1896:
Northern California— Fair VVednesdav, except
partly cloudy Wednesday forenoon in the ncrth
wett portion: fresh southwest wind.
Southern California-Fair Wednesday ; fresh
westerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Kair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Wednesday morning, followed by fair: brist west
erly wind. W. H. Hammok, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Aug. 11.— The total sales
of stocks to-day were 281, 384 shares. The market
showed an improvement, the result of easier rates
for money and a further decline In the posted rates
of sterling exchange of % cent —$4 87% to
$4 883/2.- Cables from London received before
the opening showed a slight advance in American
securities there. This stimulated purchases of the
leading industries, Louisville and Nashville and
tit ram. Ann a Higher range of values immediately
followed. The rising tendency was checked by the
announcement of the closing of the celebrated
Murray Hill Bank, a small institution working
under a State charier up town. The bears as
sumed active operations when this wag announced,
and under fairly liberal offerings the active stocks
declined anywhere from 1/2 to 314 per cent.
In this decline Northwestern suffered the
heaviest loss, the stock having been sold on
rumors of a probable reduction In the dividend
rate. In the afternoon when money dropped to
3 ] 2 on heavy offerings by brokers representing
the leading bankers and caj italists, the traders
concluded that the bank failure referred to would
have but little influence and scared In to cover.
The purchase for this source weie sufficient to
bring about an advance of 1/4(3134 per cent by the
general market. Buyers found the supply of
stock limited, and this aided 10 their anxiety.
Northwest m tided up 4V2 to 90%. Chicago Gas,
4tos()Vi: Suear, 8% to 111034-. 1 obacco, 3to 56:
Consoliiated Gas, 3Vi to 1S8%; Manhattan, 3 to
79V4, and the other issues Va to 2% per cent.
Speculation closed strong in tone and .4(g<% per
cent higher on the day. Total sales were 34
shares, including 49.900 Sugar, 42,600 St. Paul
and 18,100 Burlington and Quincy.
Bonds were stronger and higher. Sales were
$1,024,000. Atchison general fours rose iS/ 8 to
712%: do adjustment, 1% to 31 ; Chesapeake and
Ohio general four and a hull's, 2 to 72; Kansas
and Texas seconds, 2 to 47; do fours, 2 to 78;
Heading first preferred. 1 1/2 to 26; Southern Rail
way Consolidated. 1 1/2 to 59; United States
Coidage sixes, li/o to 9 1 2. and Wisconsin Central
fives certificates, J% to 3«.
In (-overnment boud-> $2000 coupon fours of
1925 sod at 111%, 82,000,000 do registered at
112. $6000 coupon fours of 1907 at 10ti%@106%
and $1000 coupon fives at 109.
Grain.
FLOUK— DuII, steady. Wheat, low grades,
$1 7C@2 60: do fair to fancy, 82 40@3 40:
do pa.tnts. $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear. *2 40
(a 2 M: do straights, $2 95(g.3 40: ao patents, S3 15
fa 4 20: low extras. $1 70@2 60: city mills, $3 90;
do lateuis. -Si 15fa4 35: rye mixture, $2 40®
•2 90: superfine, 81 60@286: fine, $1 50@2 05. Rye
flour dull, steady, at $2 4U@2 75.
CORNMKAL-Quiet, steady. Western yellow.
$2 0 @2 10.
KYK— Quiet, steady; Western. 37% cf. o. b.
BARLt.Y-bull; 49 pounds. 33c f. ... b.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western, 48@53c.
WHEAT— DuII, easier: f. o. h., 67y«c: un
graded red, f<Bc: No. 1 Northern, 65.y B e.
Options were moderatelyactiveand irregular clos
ing steady at Vs c decline, following the West, with
trading entirely local. September and December
only traded in. No. 2 red August, 6214 c: Septem
ber, 63c: October, 63(&64c; November. 65c; De
cember, 65% c. •
lOHK- dull, easier: No. 2, 2964 c elevator
30% c afloat. .7 .
Options were dull and steady at y e decline
with the West. October and September traded in.
August, l i9%c; September, 29s^c; October. 30V4.C
OATS- quiet and steady. ■...-.■
Options dull, easier: August, 21c; September
21c; December, 21 s/ g c.
Spot prices: So. _•. '4V4c: No. 2 white. 26c;
No. 2 Chicago. 22%@2314c: No. 8, 22c: No 6
white. 25c: mixed Wes^pin. 23@24c; white do
27@32c. white State, 27@32c. . , •
1 rnvi«lon«.
LA KD— More active, firmer. Western steam
S3 67%: city, $X 25: :-ep!ember,s3 50: refined
family, ac ive; continent. $4 15: south American
*4 75: compound, 3%@4VsC.
PORK-steady: Out me,s, $8(g8 25; new mess,
?&(£ 8 75. ■ ; • " . •:•
BCTTEK-Firm. fairly active. Western dairy
F'(al2c : do creamery. \\y. i ( \by 7 do facton-.
7%@11c: Elgins, 15V 3 c.
t riEESK— Good demand, firm. Part skims, 2&
6 Vic; full skims, l@l%c.
.E.OGS— Light receipts. Western, fresh, ll@l2c.
KEW TO-PAT.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
. 4 Leidesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954,
BRANCH OFFICE
123 Market. St., Palace Hotel. Tel Main 6828
J. S. PI'RDY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F
CHICAGO. rJUVAii. Wittij. AJtW YORK.
} TALLOW— Steady. City, 3 11-16 c; country, 3@
3S/«c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady, quiet. Crude, 19®
20c: yellow. 22@23c.
RICE— Domestic, 3@5%c; Japan, 4®
414 c.
-MOLASSES— Steady, dull. New Orleans, 27®
37c. ,
COFFEE— Steady: 5 to 20 points up. Septem
ber. *9 90010 00; December. $9 30&9 35; Janu
ary, $925@9 30; March, $!* 20@9 30: May,
$9 20(0,9 25. Spot Rio, easier, dull; No 7,11 c.
sL'ii.ili- Kan-, dull, steady; fair refining,
3 Ij-16c: centrifugals. 96 test, 3%c; refined, quiet;
off A, 4Vs@4 11- 16 c; mold A, 6y 8 c: standard .'» ,
4%c: confectioners' A, 4»4c; .cut loaf, sVi>c;
crushed. 6%c; powdered, a c: granulated, 4% c :
cubes, Sygc.
Fruit and Produce.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel, 3^4®
4c: do three-crown, 6©5-i/4c: do tour-crowu. 6%c;
do London layers, $I@l 15; do clusters, $1 25
@1 40.
A I'RICOTb— B%@loc-
PEACHES— PeeIed, 13@15c: do unpeeled,
ey,@B%c. ■
jfiuPs— Steady; Pacific Coast, 3@6%c. Lon
don market unchanged. .
WOOL-Steady, quiet: domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15@33c; 'lexas, 7(g)l2c.
Alercliaiidisn.
Tin IRON— DuII, steady; American. $10 25®
12 25.
COPFER-Qulet; lake. *11.
LEAU— Easy: domestic, *2 76.
UN-Quiet.: straits. $13 30® 13 35; plates,
qtjif t nnrl easy.
SPELTEK— DuII, easy; domestic, *3 85.
IHICAI.O JIAKKKTS
CHTCAGO, fiin Ang. 11 — No one disputed the
bullishness of the Government bulletin on wheat,
issued yesterday, but prices did not respond to the
Interpretation. The fact of the matter was the re
port had been fully if not more than discounted.
The "tips" and "pointers" on the condition of both
winter and spring wheat led speculators to :00k
for even more of a falling off than was really
given, and for that reason wheat was for sale
rather than in demand when the market opened
to-day, values receding under the pressure of offer
ings. Receipts at Chicago were 281 cars and 185,
--113 bushels were taken from store.
The Northwest had 455 cars, against 395 last
Tuesday, and 170 a year ago. Liverpool cables
were steady and i,4d higher. Bradstreets gave a
decrease of 2,426,000 bushels In the world's avail
able supplies. Export clearances were firm at
248,922 bushels. Tuere was more or less irregu
larity to the market after the first' decline too*
place, but the action was governed entirely by
local buying and selling. C osing Paris cabies
were lower and Berlin higher. September wheat
opened from 56 3 /*c to 56tys c - soid between 57c and
56Vic, closing at 663 grg>s6V2C, i/2@%c under yes
terday. Estimated leceipts for 10-morrow, 135
cars.
CORN— The Government report on corn was re
assuring, the condition being estimated at 96.
which would mean a yield of 2,28ti,000.0U0
bushels. With this bountiful crop staring them in
the face bulls found themselves in a very doubtful
position and were perfectly willing to surrender
for the time. Receiuts were heavy at 1247 can,
and 609,318 bushels were withdrawn from store.
Liverpool cables were i/ 2 d lower, i-xport clear
ances amounted to 143.000 bushels, Bradstreets
gave an increase in stocks of 2,550,000 bushels.
September corn opened at 2;53/ic sold between
233/i@237/ 8 and 23V2C, closing at 2334 c, y a c under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 620
OATS— This market was inclined to follow wheat
and corn, although the report on oats by the Gov
ernment was rather bullish. The business was In
termittently active, and some interest was evi
dent. Receipts were 519 cars, and 58,810 bushels
were taken from store. Bradstreet's reported an
increase in stocKs of 617.000 bushels. Export
clearances amounted to 78,412 bushels. Septem
ber closed 3/ c under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts lor to-morrow 335 cars-
FLAX-Was .steady. Old Northwestern, 70%
@71c: New Southwestern, 89% c. These were the
closing prices- September, 70c; December. 72%®
73c. Receipts were 149 cars.
PROVISIONS— Product was strengthened at the
start by the hog market, where a light run of hogs
and a good demand had raised prices eariy. There
was a fair trade, though local in its character, aril
prices maintained a firm position. The weakness
which developed In grain exerted a pressing effect
on product later, the previous gain being entirely
lost. September pork closed 12% c lower; Septem
ber lard 2V3<&sc higher, and September ribs a
shade lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was firm to-day.
Offerings were limited and the demand good, fine
makes being wanted principally.
Creameries — Extras. 15c: firsts, 13 @ 14c;
seconds, 10@llc; imitations, fancy, lu@:ic
Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts, 101/2 C: seconds, 9c
Ladles— Extras, 9i/a(iailoc; firsts, B@a%c; packing,
stock, 6@7c: grease, 4<ssc.
EGGS— Were in heavy supply, slow demand and
weak. 1 resh stock sold at B%@9ygC per dozen.
MONEY— Was firm at 6@7% botn- for call and
limb loans. .New York exchange sold at 50c dis
count.
Cloning Prices.
WHEAT— August. September, 565/8®
56% c; December, s^/gc.
CORN— August, 231,4 - September. 23% c; May.
27V 2 @27%c
ib- September, 16Vs®16V%c; May, 19Vs@
i9y±c.
i-oKK- September. $6 45; January, $7.
LARD— September, *3 2.">: January, S3 62%..
i..ii»t>— beptemoer, S3 35; January, S3 52%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ili., August 11.—
Offerings of cattle were light, and a moderate busi
ness was transacted at steady prices. Offerings of
hogs were light, the demand good and prices firm.
An advance of 10c was noted. The supply of sheep
was fair. Desirable lots were steady, but others
declined 10c.
CATTLE— Receipts. 5000. Fancy beeves. *4 65
@4 70: choice to crime, 1300 to 1800 !b steers,
$4 40(34 60; good to choice steers. 1200 to 1700 Ib,
S4 15@4 35; medium steers, 1100 to 1350 ft. $3 80
ia( 10: common to fair steers-, 950 to 1200 a>s,
$3 tO @ 3 75: rough Western steers, 82 90®
3 40: feeders. 900 to 1200 Ib, $3 15@3 75: stoekert,
500 to 875 Ib, 82 40@3 50; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 80@3 26; bulls, poor to cnoice, $1 75
($2 75: cows and helfera, extra. S3 75@4 15;
cows, fair to choice, $2 30@3 70: <ows,
common to fair canners, $1 2b@2 25: calves, good
to choice. S5 lU@5 50: calves, common to good,
S3 su@s 00: Texas grass steers. 82 25@3 25:
Texas cows and bulls, 91 50@2 40: .stem range
steers, $2 80@4 00; Western range cows and heif
ers, $2 25@3 40: milkers and springers, ft head,
820@40.
BOOS — Receipts. 6000. Heavy packlne ana
shipping lots, $2 90C<43 25: common to choice
mixed, S3 00@3 35: choice assorted, $3 35®
3 40: light, «3 10@3 45: pigs, $2 76<fli3 45.
KHEEP— Receipts. 12,000. inferior to choice,
«2<a3 25; lambs, $3(25 65.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 111,, Aug. 11.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartlett, 81 20@l 55. Prunes— Gros, 80 @
81.15. Plums— Quaclcenbos, 81 30@l 40; Egg, 'Bl.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 11.— Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Plums— Japan. SI 15@$2 85 ~$ half crate; o her
varieties, 50(a»80c. Pears— Bartletts, $l@l 45 1*
box; Clapp's favorite, 90c. Prunes— Gros, $1 10®
1 20 ? half crate: Tragedy, 75@95c; other va
rieties. 60®80c Peaches-Late Crawfords, 65c@
SI 15 * box: Early Crawiords, 45@85c; Fosters,
6U®6sc. Nectarines, 55c "# per half crate.
M.W li/«A STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easier at 3@4v. Ast loan at 3%
and cloning offered at 3%. ' Prime mercantile paper,
B#-V3%- Bar silver, 68c Mexican dollars,
S;-%ai64%c. Sterling Exchange is -weak, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 86Vi@48t>%
for sixty cays and $4 87i/fc®4 873^ lor demana.
Posted rates. $4 87ya@4 08%- Commercial bills,
$4»sVs@4 86. Government, bonds quiet; State
bonds neglected; railroad bonds higher. Silver a:
the board was lower.
CXOBWO RTOCIC*.
Am Tel & Cable.... 87 Norfolk A West™ 7V 3
Atch150n.... ........ I?V2 Preferred......... J2i/a
Preferred 16 Northern Pacific,.. 37/ g
Adams Express. ...145 Preferred li
Alton. Terre Haute 34 Northwestern 90s/«
American Express)os Preferred... 148
American Tobacco. b.'ji/a N. Y. Central... 6054
Preferred......... 98 N.Y..Chica«o<SS.l. -» V 2
Eay State Ga5...... 15 Ist preferred 60
Baltimore A Ohio.. 15V2 Yd preferred 22
Brunswick Lands.. hi N. Y.& N. H.......168
buffalo. Koch &P. 10V 2 N. Y. & New Eng. 35
Canada Pacific... 56 N. V.; Susq A W... 6
Canada southern.. 43 1 Preferred 1b
Canton Land 50% Ontario ... 11
Central Pacific 18 Ontario <fe Western 12»/ 8
Ches. Ohio ...... 18% Oregon Improvmnt y
Chicago A1t0n...... lie j Preferred ...... —
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 10
Chicago. B. & Q 56% Oregon Short "Line. 10 .
ChicaeoA B. 111... 35y 8 Pacific Ma 11........ 17J/4
Preferred.... .... fO Peoria, D. & Evans 1-Vi
CblcagoGas 5oy 8 ! Plttnbur« & W. pfd 15
Cleve<t Plttsbnn;..lss Pullman Palace.. 139
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver.. HA
Consolidated 0a5..138 | Preferred. ....... 12
C. C. C. &Su Louis 21 a Readme. ... ...... 9%
Preferred 70 RioGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 16% Preferr<»d. .. .... 40
Preferred.. 80 Kocfc 151 and........ 53
Cotton Oil Cert BV4 Rome Wat<feOgaen.llo
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. «fc 8. W.. 314
Del. Hudson- 116 Vi Preferred......... 7%
Del.Lack&Westrn.l3B St. Paul . 64Va
Denver* R.G..... JOY4 1 Preferred. .....120 Vi
Preferred. 3By 4 St. Paul & Duluth. 17
Distillers 9 | Preferred......... 87
General Electric... 88% St. Paul & Omaha. 33
Erie. I2J/2 Preferred 125
Preferred 28 .St. P. M. AM... 104
Fort Wayne. ..;.... 160 silver Certificates. 68V*
Great Northern pfd 107 Southern Pacific... 16 .
Green Bay V 4 Southern R. X..... 7%
Harlem. 284 Preferred I»S|
Hocking Coal >o % Sugar Refinery ....1003/,
Hocking Valley.... 123 | Preferred... »4
Homestake. ...... 84 Term. Coal «fe Iron. 163/,
IJ.& Texas Cent... 1 Preferred. 80 >
Illinois Central..... 84 |Texa* Pacific 6
lowa Central 5»4 Tol.A.A.<tN.MVcn'.—
Preferreo ....... 2 1 i/<j Tol. & Ohio Cent. 20
Kansas <t Texas... V)Va\ Preferred. . " 60
Preferred ........ 19V* Tol.SuLouisi 6
Kingston Pern... 3 Preferred 6
LnKe Erie & Westn 1 31/4 Onion Paclnc""*" 5«.
Preferred. ,|S^5- P. Ueii & iHM.~. 1%
Lake Shore.... 137 U. S. Cora ace 3&
National Lead 171^! Preferred '.'. 6Vi
Preferred....;.... 77% Guaranteed ...... 13
Lone 151 and.....;., 66 |D.S. Express .80
Louisville A Nash. 41.% L . S. Leather 8«.
Louisville Na<fcCl> 4aV 4 Preferred 441/0
Preferred .. .... 10i* U. S. Rubber....... 14%
Manhattan Consol. 78%| Preferrea......... 65
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
Memphis A Chads. 16 lUticaAß. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 67^|Wab. te. L A Pac. 5
Michigan Central.. 90 i Preferred 13
MInnAS.L. Wells-Fargo. 85
Preferred Western Vnion 76 :5 4
Mlun A St. Lcom. 14 Wisconsin Central. 13V8
Ist preferred 65 1 Wheeling AL. E.. 61/4
2dpreferred 33 Preferred 21
Missouri Faclflc.. 10 lAm Cotton Oil pfd. 88
Mobile A Ohio 17 |\V. V. Beet 6Vi
Nashville A Chatt. 67y 2 Ann Arbor 61^
National Linseed.. 13 Preferred 17yj|
N. J. Central 90 V4 BrooKlynTractlou. 19
North American. . . 3^4. Kne 2d pfd.
CLOSING BONDS.
U B4s.redstPred..lOs MX T 2ds.. 45
Do 4s. coupon.... 106 Do 4a 7$
0 S4snew, regstrdll2 ' Mutual Union 65.. .103
Do 4s, coupon 112 . 5 J Cent ben 55... 11
Do 25.. 91% Northern Pac lsts.llo
DoSs ....lOoS/i Do2ds ......104
i 06s. coupon 108% D03d5.... . ..„■ 64
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols. 1 33 2
Do 1897 10J I Do deb 55.......:106
Do 1898 101 JO RA N lsts. 104
Do 1899 ....100 iStLAlronMtGenss 70
Pacific -is of '05 . .". St L A 8 F Gen 6s. 1 08
DC 3-655.. .........109y45t Paul Consols.... 118
Ala Class A4s 100 St PCA Pa 15t5... 110
Do Class 84, 65..100 ■ Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
La Consol 45....... 90 Southern RR 55... 78%
Missouri funding. Texas Pacific lsis. 741/4
N Carolina con 64. 110 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 15
, Do4s ; 95 Union Pac lsta 96.100
ISo Carolina 4%5... 100 West Shore 4«......1005/
Term new 3s 78V 2 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 55
Va funding deot... 52 " R GrandeWest lsts
; Do registered..... Ches & Ohio 65.... 100
Do deferred 65..; 5 |Atcnlson 45.. 72i/ 3
Do trust rcpts st. 4 1 Do2dsA 31
CanadaSouth2ds..loo ,GH4SA6s 101
Cen Pac lstaof '9s. 98 Do2d7s.. 96
Den AP. Gist 109 H A Tex Cent 63.. 102
Do 4s. 82 Do con 65.... .....102
Erie 65 Vfel Reading 4s. 70
Kansas Pa Consols 67 Va i Missouri 8a.. . .. - 100
K.ti Pa lam Den divlo9 Alabama, class C. 95
FOREIGN MARK UTS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Esq., Aug. 11.— spot market
is steady at 6s 6d@6s 6d. : Cargoes dull at 265,
sellers, pro . pt shipment.
futures. .'•
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
.Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Aug
ust, 4s 10S4d: September, 4a 1034 d: October, 4s
lid: November. 4s 111/ id; December, 4s 1134 d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 11.— Consols. 112 16-16;
silver, 31 3-16 d; French Rentes. 102f 60c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days. — nominal
Sterling Exchange, sight... - — nominal
Sterling Cables — nominal
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine Silver. ■c* ounce. — 68
Mexican Dollars — 63%
PEODUCE MAERET.
WHEAT AND OTHEK GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm at 26s 3d@2Bs,
according to size and Quality of vessel, etc
The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 63.000, against 26,000 tons on the same
date in 1895; disengaged, 48,760. tons, against
6300; on the way to this port, 68,000 tons,
against 81,360.
HWHEAT— The Orion takes for Ipswich 16,839
ctls, valued at $16,000; Carle ton, for Brisbane,
44,465 ctls at $45,750.
The market is dull and weak all over the world.
No. 1, 92V2' a> 9- ): c 1* ctl; choice, 95c; lower
grades. 87% i& < Jli-ii:; extra choice for milling, $1
(0,1 07% 5* ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 971/4 C.
second Session— lo:l6 o'clock— December—
1400 ctls, 97% c.
Regular Mobnins Session — December —
4000 ctls, 96% c.
afternoon Session— December— 24,ooo ctls,
9684 c.
BARLEY— Shipment of 54,600 ctls Brewing,
valued at $45,000, to England.
The marKetisdull and prices show little change.
We quote Feed, 62%@66y4c': Brewing, 72%@80c
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— 10:15 o'clock— No sales.
Kkgular Moxkiks Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— is the usual jobbing demand.
Prices show no change whatever. New Oats are
quotable at 72y 2 @Boc: Old milling, 85@90c %* ell:
tancy feed, 90@92y 3 c $ ctl; good to choice, 82%
@90c; common to fair, 72%®77y Gray, 80®
ft-Vsc: surprise, 95c@$l 02%-
CORN — Weak and dull, with larger offerings.
Yellows are lower. Large Yellow, 87>A@92%c
$ ctl: Small Round do, 95c; While, 77%®80c.
RYE— Continues dull at 72y 2 @76c f» ctl for old
and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at 85@950 H ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— The millers report a fair trade at un
changed prices. Net cash prices are: Family
extras, $3 60(n>3 70 *» bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
®3 50; siiperllne, $2 76@3.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 60@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 50(gi21 f* ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices lv sacks are as follows,
usual discount to tbe trade: Graham Flour, $~ 10;
Rye Flour, 23/Sjc; Rice Flour. 5»4c; Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, 2»<jc: Oatmeal, s2 90; Oat
Groats, 3y 3 c; Hominy, 96 Xo@* 30: Buckwheat
Flour. $3 10@3 30; Cracked Wheat, 234 c: Fa
rina, <Sy 2 c-. Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Oats, 3V2c; Pearl Barley, 31/gC; Split Peas, $3 20;
(ireeu do, $4 10.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-$12@12 60 tor the best and $11@11 50
9 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS-$15@16 » ton for lower grades
and $17@18fi ton for the best.
FE DSTUFF.S Kolled Barley, $14 50@15: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, »21 V ton: jobbing, $22.
H A V— There are the heavy receipts usual at this
time of the year and tbe market rules sofi in con
sequence. Wheat is quotable at $7@lo f>. ton;
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9 ton ; Oat. $6 50(aH;
Barley, $6@7 50; ltiver Barley, $4 50@5: Alfalfa,
$5 50®6 50 for second and $4 50®fi tor first cut
ting: compressed, $6(5-8; stock, $4@5: Clover,
j«5~50@7 50.
STKAW-30@40c ■?, bale. Receipts have been
somewhat larger of late.
JSEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Are dull and quotations are largely
nominal. It Is reported that Limas are being con
tracted at $1 85. Bayos, 90@97y 2 c; Small Whites,
$l<ai 15 V ctl; Pea, $I@l 20 $ ctl; Large Whites,
90c@$l 07y 2 "$ ctl; Pink, 70@80c: Reds, $1®
I 15: BiacKeve. $1 15@1 40: Red Kidney, 90c;
Limas. $2@2 40: Butters, $I@l 40.
SEEDS-Brown Mus ard, $1 50@l 75 "$ ctl;
Trieste, $2 25@2 75 ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 60<al 76; Flax,sl 75@1 90; Canary, 214
(" - :; +'' ** Ib: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 21,2 c 'p. lb;
Hemp. 3y a c I*lb.
DRIED PEAS— SI 10@l 40 * ctl forNUesand
$1 25®1 50 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— SaIinas BurbanKs are higher. The
cheaper sorts are weak, sweet Potatoes, 114®
l»ic *> tt>: Garnet Chiles, 50@60c ?( ctl; Early
Rose, 30@40.-: Burbank Seedlings, 30@46c for
Rivers and 70c@$l for Salinas.
ONIONS-Arelowerat 30@37i>sc* ctl: Pickles,
65@75c.
VEGETABLES— The market is overloaded with
Squash. Peppers and Cucumbers. Marrowfat
Squash quotable at lc !b; Green Corn. 25c@$l
* sack: Aiameda Corn, $I®l 60 * crate: Berke
ley Corn, 85c®$l bx: summer squash, 16@25c
tor Bay; E^g Plant, 40@60c f> I arge bx: 'i ornate s,
35@50c for Rivers; Aiameda Cucumbers, 15@25c
* bx; Pickles, ly 2 c 3lb for No. 1 and 60@75 n* ctl
for No. 2: Green Peppers, 2t>®4oc 9 large box for
Chile and 4l>@6oc box for Bell; Green Peas, 50c
$1 V sjick lor common and 2®2-/2C i* lb for Gar
den: String Beans. 50c(a.$l # sack for common
and 2(g,2'/2 ' f'r garden: Limas. 4@sc: Ureen Okra,
(it ifq. 7 oV >. box; Cabbage. 40c' p. ctl; Carrots, 25®
30c ? tack j Garlic, y 2 (g2c «t lb.
BUTTER, CHKESE AND EGGS.
BVTTER— The market continues weak and deal
ers offer concessions to effect sales.
Cbeameby— Fancy, 19@20c: seconds, 17@18c
$ to. '
Dairy— '•■ 17%@18c "9, It: good to choice,
16%®16%c; lower grades, 13@15c.
Pickled— 15@17c V tb.
Firkin— I4@isc ft lb. . i ...
CHEESE— Firm, with , moderate stocks. Fancy
mild new is quotable at B%@9c t l . Ib; common
to good, 6V«@sc %i lb: Cream, Cheddar, 10®llc:
Young America, 9@loc %( «b; \vtstem, 10®llc;
Eastern, ll@l3c f» lb.
EGGS— Prices continue to decline. Stocks are
large, considering the supply available in cold-stor
age warehouses. Oregon, 14@16c: Eastern, 15®
16V 2 c; store Eggs, 12@15c for poor and 16@17i/ a c
for good: ranch Egijs, -O@23c; cold-storage rancu,
17@18c; Duett Eggs, 16@17c. .
POULTRY AND GAMK.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern is at hand.
Young Boosters and Fryers are doing rather bet
ter and good large Hens are steady. Ducks are in
oversupply and demoralized. Live Turkeys are
quotable at 13®i4c ~$ It. for Gobblers. 12@13c for
Hens: youn™ '1 urtcys, 17@18c; Geese, ft p:»lr. ,-. 1
1 M; (iosllti ?s. $1 25@>1 50'; Ducks, $2 50r<i>3 ~f> doz
for old and $2 50(&3 50 for young: Hens. $4 (d 4 50:
Rooster*, young, $4@4 50: do. old. . $4 50(0,5 .)().
Fryers. $3 50@4: Broilers, $2 50@3 for large ana
$1 50(32 101 small; Pigeons, $1 -Jbtgil 50 %i dozen
for young and old.
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOVS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRXIITB—
. Plums are lower, i Peaches .In i baskets are also
off. Choice i Bur. let t ':■' Pears ' would sell i over the
Quotations, but there are none co ml ns in. There
Is p euty of poor s ock. Apples are steady.*
Ke.i Nee arin^s. 40!jj60c: V. hi:e. 25M40c Tfi box-.
Teaches, 2U@soc $ bx, 20@40c * basket; $12 50
@20 V. ton for frees and $25<jg30 for ings.
Plums, -20@40c "$ box and 35@60c fl crate;
White in bulk, $slO@ls ft ton; Japanese Plums, 25
@40c; Prunes, 30@60c- . ..
Apples, 75c@$l •* box for choice and 40@60c
for common. ■ ■-'■,' 7 ■ ' . ,
Crahapples, 20 (340 ci* box. i
'■■ Pears, 20<a40c 9 box; Bartletts, 30@60c a box
andsl2@l6?i ton. ■ - .....-:..... fe?
Figs. 25@t0c V box for white and 60c@$l. for
black, double layers.
BERRIES — The market !s le«s demoralised than
it was a week or so ago.
Strawberries, $>@4 chest for Long worths and
$1 sO@i 50 for large berries.
Raspberne*. $3 60®5 fi chest.
Blackberries. $2@3~50 A chest.
Huckleberrie.-, tf@Bc ■$ ft,.
UKAPKS— Muscats and Blacks sell well, but
common White are slow. H.lack Grapes. 40®
75c ■$ bOT and 65(g;h.ic pi crate: Muscats, 50fji75c
"$ box and 75@65c ri crate: Sweetwaters an<l Fon
tainebleaux, 25@50c box and 35@60c ~$ <rate.
MELONS— Cantaloupes have suddenly become
plentiful and are lower, with stocK lefionhund.
Watermelons, $5@12 50 IS 100: Cantaloupes, 50c
@$1 25 $ crate: Nutmegs, 75c@$l ?• box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Thin ni:»rk.-t Is dull a'l
around. Oranges quotable at $2@3 50 %i box tor
Valenclas and $2 50@3 %* box tor Mediterranean
Sweets: Lemons. $1 :>o@2 60 $ box for common
and $3@3 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$6 si> %) box: Caliiot nia Limes, 75c@$l: Bananas,
$I@^ %» bunch; Pineapples, $2@3 50 "£ dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
dried fruits
no change in prices. Business is quiet.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload lots— New Apricots, 6@6i4c in sweat
box, 6@eH- 4 c i» lb f. o. b. coast and B@9c for fancy
MoorparKs. Old Prunes. 3c: new Prunes, 3to3Vac;
new Peaches, -iiAc lb in the sweat-box and 5c f.
o. b coast.
Jobbino Pricks— New Apricots, 5y 2 @63/4C: old
evaporated Apples, 4 y 2 c p! lb: old Prunes, 3c for
four sizes: Fins, black, 3y 2 c; White Fins, :-@sc
lb; Plums, 3yg@4c for pitted and l@iy 2 c for uii
pittea- Nectarines, 4(5,5c f! lb lor prime to choice.
RAISINS — Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2"/gC ~$ lb: seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, l : '4c; 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c 'f. box; clusters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clus
ters, $2 10@2 25; Imperi.il ci usters, $2 60@2 75.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crowu. loose, 4i,j.c: 3
crown, 3%c; 2-crown, 33/ 8 c * lb. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c lb: heedless Muscatels, 3c; 3 crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $2 60; Imperial clusters. $2 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
lie tor No. 1 hard and lKa>l3c# lb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7y 2 c 9 lb for Lan
guedoc, 2y 2 <g3c %* lb for hardshell ana H@JOc
%« lb for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@Hi 2 c
lb for Eastern and for California; Hlck
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished; Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 7@Bc lb;
Cocoanuts, $4@5 9 100.
HONEY— comb, 10@12i/<jc for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5@5y 2 c:
light amber extracted, 4y 2 @4 3 /40; dark amuer, -t(g>
4i/ic; dark, 2@3c tb.
BEESWAX-25<5)27i/4c ■$ lb.
1 KOVISION3.
Trade is not active, though there Is a steady
movement right along.
v CURED ATS— Bacon is quotable at 6y 2 c
for heavy, 7V 2 cfi ft for light medium. 9@9%c
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
curea; Eastern Su;;ar -cured Harm, 12012% c:
California Hams, iO@llc t> ft: Mess Beef, $7
@«; extra mess do. $8; family do, $10; extra
prime Pom, $B@B 60; extra clear, $13 iB bbl;
mess. $11 50(5)12 "# bbl: Smoked Beef. JOe f>. ft.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 4i>4c ft
for compound and 61/4 C for pure; palls, 6c* ft;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and oi/ a i- for
pure: half-bbls, 6%c; 10-ft tins, 614 c; do 5-ft,
6y c * ft. • •
COTTOLENE— 2 in tierces and 6Vi<3
6%c 't- ft in 10- tins. ' ; : : : :
HIDES, TAUOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— WeaK and dull at the
decline. Heavy salted steers are quotable at 7c 14
Ib; culls and brands, 6c: medium, 6c; culls and
brands, 6c ft ft; light, 4ya@sc: culls and brand«,
»c: Cowhides, 4@sc: culls and brands, 4@4Vac;
salted Kip, 5c $* ft; salted Calf, 6@7c; salted Veal,
s@6c: dry Hides, 10@10y2c; culls and brands, 7®
7y 2 c: dry Kip and Veal, B@9c; culls. 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20®35c each; Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 26@27V2c; medium. 15®
22% c; winter, 7@loc: sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
15c each; short wool, 20@36c each: medium, 40®
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of all
kinds about i /2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 2y a @3c; No. 2,
214 c; refined, 6%c: Grease, 2c ft.
WOOL The market Is neglected and demoralized
at nominal quotations. Humboldt and Mendocuio,
10@llc; Valley Oregon, 10@llc; do lower grades,
8@10c; Nevada, 6@By a c: San Joaquln and south- ;
crn Coast, six months, 4(46c: San Joaqum, foot
hill, good to choice, 6%@7%c;San Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4@5y 2 c: northern iree, 7@9c: do defec
tive, . r i@t>i/ 2 c -0 ft.
1101.--N ominal at 2@4c ?. ft for 1895 and 6®
7y a c for 189«. ■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE;
BAGS— Calcutta . Grain Basis, $4 25: San Qnen
tln, $4 20; Wool Bags, @26i/ 3 c.
COAL — with large supplies promised.
Wellington quotable at $8 lj* ton: New Wellington,
$8 "f. ton: Sontbfield Wellington, $7 60 %l ton;
Seattle, $o@ssO: Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, 84 60;
Wallsend, *7; scotch. $7 50; Brviubo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $13 50 "-' ton in bulk and SI 6 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg?, 811 "# ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9; Cannel, $7 60: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley- $7 60: Cose,
?U,cl: in bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
CANNED FRUITS— New pack of Cherries,
black or red— 2y a -lb extra, $2 10@2 50 ft dozen;
2 -ft standards. $175: seconds, $160. Wbite
Cherries— 2 i/2-tb extra, $2 50: 2%-ft standards,
$2 10. Peaches— Yellow, tree. $1 50; yellow
cilng, 2%-ft standards, $1 25@1 60: seconds,
$1 10@l 20. Apricots— 9sr@sl )0. Raspberries—
2%-tb standards, 81 70; seconds, 8160. Straw
berries—Standards. $1 85: seconds. 81 85.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 80c *
dozen. i-lb tins. Peas. $I@l 25 %>. dozen.
(.();• FEK— The market con.inues quiet.
Costa Rica— lßS4@'2oc for good to prime: 18®
18y 2 c for good mixed with mack beans; 16Vi(3>
17J.J.C for fair; 13@16c for common to ordi
nary.
Salvador— for good to prime washed;
17i/4®17-^4c "$, ft for fair washed: 2 @2oc for
good wasned aberry : 17@— c for superior un
washed; 15%@15%c for *ood unwashed; lb^ I
@19c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Gcatemalaand Mbxicas- 20%@21c for prime
to s rictly prime washed; 18 3 ,4@1tf%c tor good
to strictly go d washed; r<®lßVic for fair
washed: H%@153/4c for meilium; lc@lii,oc tor
ordinary: 10(a.f2y 2 e for interior to common; 201,4®
21c for good to prime washed peaberry; ls%@l9c
for good to prime unwashed peaberrv.
FlSH— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895: 1 00- cases
quotable at 6c V tb; 50-lb bundles, 5c $ ft: Silver
King strips, 8c %4 ft: Narrow-Gauge do, 7c %* ft;
Tablets. 8c & ft; Seabright Blocks. 7y a c; Pacific
Herring. 15c $ box; Dutch do, 90r®$l 10 %* keg;
White Fish, *1 50 in half-bbls and $1 76 in kits:
Tongues and Sounds, 812: ' Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$25; No. 2, $23: No. 3, 821; half-bbls— No. 1,
$10 50: No. 2, $9; No. 3, $8 50: kits, No, 1, $1 75;
No. 2, $1 50: No. 3, $1 35.
QUICKSILVER-Quoted for export at $34@36
* flask.
OlL— California Castor - Oil,' cases, No. 1, 95c:
bbls. 90c •© col (manufacturers' rutes); Linseed
Oil in bbls. boiled, 42c:. do. raw, 40c: cases, 5c
more; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, bbls, 56c;
No. 1 45c: cases, 6c higher: China Nut, $4 90®
6 20 $ case. -.-.■■ -7- i-T
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC. - Water
white Coal Oil, in bulk. 12c -f> gal: Pearl Oil, in
cases. 18y,c: Astral, do.;18%c: Star do, 18% c;
Extra Star Oil. in cases, 22y 2 c; Elaine, do, 23% c;
Eocene, do, 20% c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk-, 14c; do, in cases, 19y 2 c; 63 s Deodorized
Naphtha, in bulk. 13c; 63° do. in cases, 18y c; 86
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c ; 86° do. In cases, 25c gal.
\V HITB LEAD— Quoted at 6y 2 c V ft.
V RED LEAD-Quotable at 6%c ■$ ft.
TURPENTINE-In cases, 38c; Iron Carrels. 34c;
wooi-n barrels. 36c Bal. •. • •
CANDLES- Electric Liht-6's, 16 oz. 7*Ac.
do. 14 oz, 7c; do, 12 oz, 614 c: do. 10 oz, 5y 2 c2
Oranite-6's, 16 oz. 9Vic; do, 14 oz, B%c; do, 1
oz. 794 c; do, 10 oz, 7c %4 ft.
LEATHER— Extra heavy Sole. 26@28c: heavy
Sole, 27c for No 1 and 25c for No. 2; medium
Sole, 24@26cfor No. 1 and W2c for No 2. Ltsjht
Sole, 23(a24c for No. 1 and 20@22c "# ft for No 2;
Harness, heavy. 30@35c: do, medium, 1:8 c; do,
light, 24®25c: Rough Leather. 18@20; Kips, 840
©50 # doz; Calf, 7U@9oc: Rough (splits, 4@sc.
ftUUAR— Western !«ugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed.
Powdered, 5s /gC: Fine Crushed, 5 %c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/ 4 c; Confectioners' A. 'l%c; Magnolia A,
8 c; Extra U, 4y4c; Golden C, 4y 8 c: half barrels,
y^c more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
. Hogs are lower and a gool many thin ones con
tinue to arrive. Otherwise there is no particular
change. Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
Slaughterers an- as follows:
. , BKKI w r llrßt quality. 4%@5c; second do, 4®
4y«c; third do. 3y c > lb. -
-■ Ai?^ L r Large> 4t^ 6c: srnal1 ' s @ 6c * tt>
aiUTTON — Wethers, 4y 2 (ssc; Ewes, 4@4%0
f* ID." ■'.' 'I - - :■ ■ ; . ' . .
LAMB-s(?!6c^n..
j PORK- Live Hogs, -3c « Ib for large and 3%c
for small ana medium: dressed do, 4i4@6i/ic 1* lb.
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each; Redwood. $5 cord: Oak,
rough, $6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75.
TANBAP.K-sl4 fl cord.
LUMBKK— Retail prices for pine are: No. 1
rough. $13@17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2,
$11; No. 1 Flooring. $21@2t>: Lath, *2: Hedwcod,
fib lor No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, $18@23:
Shingles, common, $1 50; Shakes, $9 $ M.
RECEIPTS OF FKODUCE.
>"OR '.'4 HOtIRS.
tlour.qrsks ... 2,996' Straw, t0n5......' 3S
Oregon 641) Butter, ct15...... 54
wheat, ct15...... 3,470 Cheese, ct15.:.... •50
Barley, ctls 665 Esgs, dor, ...;... 2.8»)
Oats, ct15........ •• i.'jtiS Hides, n0........ 156
Corn, ct15..:..... >,195 Pel. s.bdls. .•.„..:
Beans 5k5. .:.... 1.922 Wire. ga15.:...... 38,710
Potatoes sks.... S 464 Wool, bi5.....;.. . 107
Onions, 5k5...... 790 Tallow, ct15...... 5
Bran, 8ts -"-"-V..; 6tJS!Llme, bb15....... 162
Middlings, sks... Leather, r011*.... 46
Hay, t0n5........ 711 Hops, bi5........ 81
THE STOCK MARKET.
Quotations were off again yesterday as will be
seen by the lUt of sales. Trie market exhibited
no fea-ures worthy ot note.
The delinquent Assessment sale of the .entuck
Consolidated Minim.' Company will be held to-mor
row.
At the annual meeting of the stockholders of the
German Savings and Loan Society Monday, the
old board of directors was re-elected unanimously
as follows: B. A. Becker, Edward Kruse. A. C.
Heineken, O. Schoemann, H. Horstmann, Ignatz
steinhart, Daniel Meyer, N. K. Van Bergen and
Emile Kohte. The board has been organized by
the election of B. A. Becker as president. A. H. R.
Schmidt was chosen cashier and Ueorge i'ourny
secretary.
At the annual meeting of the Security Savings
Bxnk Monday, the following old directors were re
elected: William Babcock, S. L. Abbott Jr., O. D.
Baldwin, Adam Grant. H. li. Hewlett, E. J. Mc-
Cutchen. William Alvord, W. S. Jones, J. B- Lin
coln. The following officers were chosen: O. D.
Baldwin, president: Winfleld S. Jones, vice-presi
dent; S. 1. Aobotl Jr., secretary; Sidney V. Smith,
attorney.
Assessments Tending.
Following Isa list 01 assessment now peniln<:
Company.
No.
A nit. in the
Hoard.
Sale Oar.
Kentuck 121
best & Belcher 60 '
Hale «£2Corcross.... 109
.'on 1mperia1. ....... 37 r
-'onfldence ........;. 27 r
MpliaCoo .......... " 17
8e1cher.............. 631
sierra Nevada. ■.;. ;lll|.
051. 17l.Aug
25iAog SS'.Aug
15 AOg Sj.Sept
OIIAUg Sept
 30 au; .Sept
10 Sept -3. Sept
25 Sept B'.Oct
■25|Sept"'7|.Ocf.'
12
27
4
22
24
29
2n
25
Following were tn«> sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: ■...;':
*notTT,An imwbw «ir«..o- . r t M.yii»» 9:30.
400 8A8.... .. 88 260 N COB 60 8Nev....47
760Ch11ar...2V4 lOOOcdd 69 200 Uni0n.. ..41
100 Conn" 90i30U .....60100 Utah. .'.'...07
950 HAN. . .U/i 1 500phir.....99 30U YJacis«l..3O
' 400 Justice... .ot> 200 Potosi 99
**t»rn-oon skswox- ?:tT
100 B A 8... .89 200 AC...:.. 63 200 0ccidt1.... 60
800 8u11i0n. ..16 200 Kentuck..o6ilOo 0pbtr.. ...97
100 Ch0ir. .'.2.20 100 Mxcn.:...63 100 5avae.....63
100 CCAV.. 1.70! I
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '
400 Alnha 071200 Ch01r....Z20 300 Occd 61
200 All* ;. 09200 2.22V 3 600 ...62
400 Andes 30500 2Vi-'OO 63
300 81 300 C0nn...... 9u 200 64
SOU 8e1cn«r...27200C0n1m...01400 P0t05.....98
\JOO B A8....;.85|200 ......... ..02 400 99
100 CrwnPt...3s 200 Bar 63
401) HO 300 0AC......63 200 63
200 .......92 300H&N....1.80 500 Scorplon-OS
200 Bodle 50 200.. _.. 1.22% 400 58AM....09
300 8u11i0n.... 17 30 Mexn 63 200 B Nv... 49
200 Caleda.. .. 111*00 M0n0. .....16 200 .50
200 Cbalng... 36 400 IS 300 Union C...41
200 CCV....1.70 4000r«h1r^....97.«00 Utah 07
200 l.tny, 200 0vrmn....15 SOU V JacJt«..3O
AFTKBWOOK BKSSIOJf — 2: V}.
200 Air-ha.... .06|100 CCV.1.72V2|250 Ophlr 97
SnO Alta. 09! 50 ConU 921200 Overman. 16
200 Andes.... 3o 200 C P01nt....33 200 Potos 98
200 Belcher.*. 27 2oo ...........34 800 Savg...62Vs
600 tAB 90 800 GAC 400 S 8AM... 09
100 80d1e..... 60 160 HAJNI.27y 3 300 S NY......47
600 Bullion... 15 400 Kentck....oU 200 Union 41
100 8u1wer~..29 300 4i ex. '...... 52 200 Utah 06
100 Cba11*e...36 200 Mono 1H 300 V Jem.... 31
160 Ch01r2.22yjj3000ccd..;...61
Ci-OSINU QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, August 11— 4 p. w .
£Id.Atked.t ■ " ■- Bi<LA»kc&.
Alpha C0n.... 06 07 Jackson 26 —
Atta. 09 lOJnlla... — 08
Andes. 30 31 Justice... 06 06
Belcher 27 28 Kentuck. 06 06
Best & Belcher 89 90; Lady Wash.... — 14
Benton C0n.... 15. —Mexican.. 52 64
Bodie ......... 47 —M0n0.......... 15 —
8u11i0n........ 14 16' Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer 27 — North GA C. 07 —
Caledonia...... 11 12 Occidental — 61
Ch011ar. ....... 2.20 2.25 Opbtr. 96 97
Con.CalAVa...l.7o 1.75 Overman 15 17
Challenge Con. '34 36 Potosi. 96 98
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Savage... 62 64
Confidence.... 91 — Scorpion 06 07
Con New York 04 — Seg. Belcher... 09 10
Crown Point... 33 34 Syndicate ■. — 04
EastSlerraNev — «4 Silver Hi 11.... — 03
Eureka Con... — 25 sierra Nevada, 46 47
Exchequer .... — 04 Union C0n..... 40 42
Gould & Curry. 61 62 Utah ..07 08
Hule«£.Norcrs.l.2s 1.30 Yellow Jacket. 30 31
sIOCK ANI> BONO EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Aug. 11-2 P. K.
- j-NITKD STATUS BONOS.
Sid. Aiked. ■ Sid. Alked.
US 4s coup.. 105 — US4sreg... — 107%
Do new issuelll% —
MIHCKLLANROUS BOVTW.
Cal-MCbless. 109 'Z 112 Pacßoll M6s. _ _
CalElecL6s - VIA Do 2d Is 65... — —
CntraCWss — '.- 94 l'*Oßy6s. — 116
Dpnt-stex-cp — 99 P&Chßy6<. — 107y»
EdsnL<kP6sll7%lJßy Pwl-st RRBs. — 116%
F&CHRR6S. - 106% Reno, Wju&L - 105
Geary-stRSs. — 107% >act<> I 1 AL. — •.. 102 iA
LosAngLtfs. — 99 .MF&NPRSS. — 97%
DoOnteed6s - 100 IsPßßAriz6s — —
Mkt-stCble6s 1201/2 — SPRRCaI6s. : - 110%
DoßyConss..lo2 103% SPRRCaI ss. — —
NatVin6slst 96 - — 'SPBrRCaIBs. — 99
NevCNgß7s. Ot) 105 SVWater6s..llt%Hß'
NPCRR6S. - 108 SVWateris.. — 98
NBy Cal — . 100% StktnG&E6s — 100
NBy Cal ss. — 100 SunstT<feTßs. —-■ —
Oak Gas .102 — Suiter-atlUSs. — 111
Do2d la 65.. — 106 VisallaWCtu , — -
Omuibud os. — ,119% ; , ■ . » -X-i'i.
WATER STOCKS
Contra Costa — 40 San Jose.... — — .
Maria Co — 50 — |Sprng Valley 95 25*/ a
f- ASBTOOKS.
Capital — .30 ■ I Pacific Lleht -. 4914
Central. 95 — San Francsoo — .873^
OakGL&U. 62 — Stockton — Vf-VO -
PacUaslmp. — 83 | .• : ■ '■ ■-
INSURANCE STOCK*. :
Fire man's 160 — (Sun .......... 11 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerßftTU — — | London i' A A. 135 127
Anglo-Ca1.... — 58 London AmF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. — 235 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal SD&TColll — Nevada — —
FirstNationL — 183 Saiher B Co. — , —
BAVINOS BANK STOCKS.
OerS&LCo. 1210 1350 ISav* Loan.. — 10(1 .
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security 2?5 276
Mutual — 40 i Union Trust. 7so —
bFSavUnlon — 485 | ;,;'": /
BTREBT RAILROAD STOCC^.
California.... — " 107 |Oak SLAHay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 (Presidio .'....- 7 —
Market-su... "40% 40% ! Sutter-5t..... — —
. l-OWDh.il stocks. -
Atlantic D... 15 — .Giant C0n..,. 16 18%
Eastern D... 70 80 [Jndson !>.... — —
California.... 70 — iVig0r1t....... — BOc
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. — 93 NatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo.. — .. 10 Oceanic SSCo — 23
CM Cot Mills - — PacAuxKA 1 —
Edison Light 109 112 PacßoraxCo. 98 100
GaiConAssn. — — I Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 86 — Part Paintco 6% 7%
HawCASCa. 16 18 PacTrausCo. — .24
Hutch SPCo 191/4 20 Pac TAT Co. 70 80
MerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. *1 -
SiElecLight — 4% United C Co. ; - --5
SALES — MO»A..Vo» KJCHSIO^.
Board— ■ .- .1
20S V Water 98 25 .
$1000 8 V 6% 80nd5..., 118 75
. '*' ■ BALES— AFTUBMOOV -iESIIOV.
Board—
1 Edison Light& Power C 0....; 11l 00
street— ■ ; -^i '->
75 Oakland Ga5.!.... 82 00
15 S V Water......... :............ 96 25
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Meltzen, San Rafael O M Van Duyn, Oregon
M small, Cal C Carlson, Newcastle
M B Magnesen, Cal W H Morgan, cal
1 a Robertson, Chicago H Ringham, Ohio
B J Miller, New York W H Miner, Chicago
N Wines, cal Q I.ui^o, sutsun
G Metzer. Emposium.Pa Miss Metzer. Pa
J (.iallaghei, Fresno J J Kuchanan, -acto
F W Wlnham, Salinas Mra EH E rle, san Jose
Mrs J H Ka.rrel.-an Jose WJKMorgans.LosAngeles
W f. Hudson, Cal s s Bun, Yreka
W BQillis, Yreka A L Hart. Sacramento
G A smith, Courtland Mrs H a Mclntosh, Cal
Mrs F J Shinn <fe eh, Cal D I, Mauuire, Ohio
J M Moore, W«»h T C Jons; on A w, Cal
MrsN BMcMuter, Cal Master McMurer, Cal
M Isa G Blessing^me, Cal
J X Brownlie, Valiejo R B Richar, Cal
i^ McCnllough, Sacto H D Foster, Cal
T M Jackson, Nevada X G Smita. Nevada
Miss Ualvln, Salinas THm Hatcli. Cnlico
Mrs J B Olsons, >t Helena T A Hopkins, Mass
B M Callahan, Mass T X Brown, sta I arbnra
C W Ealnnd,sta Barbara F Wri(t!i . .-an Diego
W H Dore A w. Ohio C H Wood A w, Cal
J Thomann, St Helena C R Bushnell, Sta Crur,
M L Ka'ser, Stockton F D smith. _>ovnto
D F McPhall, Hollister E B Wallace. Sacto
\V F Knox. Sacto G B N Clow, sacto
C 1. TitiKham. Chico C F Schwlcv. src;o
Mrs J H Smith, Sacto o W < t> s:al A w. Vacav
W P Stovall, Williams T Reynolds, Cal
RUSS HOUSE.
J P Williams, Petaluma F Clark, Sacrameuto
J C Purvine. Petaluma F A Hass, Kealdsburg
Gil Kusse.l San Josh W Kerwin, Santa Clara
c; A El. as. Cooks Inlet C Bethrant. Los Aiigelts
C H Wheeler, Portland M A Newman,
P llunsen, Sucranit-iKO J Fort, Virginia ('ity
JH Hill, Port 1 ownsend W J Beard, Bak^rsfleld
H Jerome, San l'.afael ll Wood, sau Jose
Mrs liuc^lin A son, Cal Miss Peterson, Capitula
F J l-.lls>vorl.i and w, Pa C HallicUiv, >an Juse
Hnll Ellsworth, Pa Mrs Hmskeil, P?tcluma
h Johnson. National City >' F Dickens, Chicago
G A Ut-ds-.reak, < hlcuno J MUlt-r it w. -an Jose
H J ostrauder, Merced C H Hucssey, Pi Keye*
SC Johnson, Sacramento C E Hussey, Pi Reyes
J W 1- astnian.L .\nßeles W Adams, WriKhts
Mrs McMillan, Chicago C H Smltli, Llvermore
0 H Campbell Stockton U Smith A » , Los Ciatoa
R H Cooper, Salem H lloagac. Honolulu
J H Duff. Salinas L A Hichard*. t.raysou
II Velt and w.San Lucas E J Jones, > cv City
Mr< M E !»kelij, Lulte C < swain, Stockton
J M bell. Mere; d D Wooster * w. Merced
(jI Garvcr, Montana v Re nol.lsife w. Oakland
J S White, Woodland J Kroiss, RertwOod City
E J Jones, Nevada City Mrs H Parker, Ferndale
LICK HOUSK.
Charles coleman, Paris I Wertheimer, S Dak
W P Squire, San Jo*e idiss Squire, San Jose
WWThompsou&w.Napa Miss H Thompson, Napa
E t> Goodrich. N V John Lowry, Cal
W S Squire & w. Sn Jose G X Buck, Stockton
H Kichardson. sacto Miss X Pe«t, Madrone
Miss Peel, Madrone F Koenigsberger. Cal
Clarence Wood, Danville W Sexton. San Jose
I! Smyth, 1 al Mrs D X Parks, Cal
J P Walsh, wan Jose B V Kay. Nevada
C C Baird, SBlinag M J Jones, N V
ts J Payne. N V C W BlaK.-, Monterey
R G sheppard, Bntte J A Hicks, San Diego
J B Purser & w, Porilnd X W Miller. Los Ang
Miss Miller. Los Ang B J Rle, stockion
A C Fox, Denver A M Gardner, Napa
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J W Brooks. St Louis J H Masterson, Oakland
R Duncan, Riverside J W McLeod, Riverside
F Warde A w, N V W G Beach. N V
Miss R Coughlan, NY J T Sullivan, N V
J R Brown, "Conn G Bassett, Ind
0 F Kretcbraer, Chicago M J Hardy A w, Fresno
J G Lewis, Suisun T Patterson <fe w, Fresno
Mrs O Goodman Jr.Naj a Miss M. Millard, Napa
PALACE HOTEL.
Geo W Calder. Chicago S H Babeock. Salt Lake
W T Scott, Pittsburg A \V Page, Berkeley
E C Oliver, Denver O Stevens. Los Angeles
C C Carpenter, w <fc eh, Thos Keily * w, Denver
Los Angeles W T Jeter," Santa Cruz
Mrs I" Adams <fe f. Denvr C H Adams, Denver .
R B Hyde, Visalla W H Lyons, Hollands
X D Peters Jr, Boston W .T McChire, X V
GA Mitchell. Glasgow WK Lawrence, Provdnce
V L Smith, Providence \V Rohmer A w, City of
H J Slator, Chicago Mexico
W H Fuller, San Diego O P j-nkins. Stanford
X B Crow <fe w. Jamestwn A A Clarion, San Jose
H W Armstrong, Mexico.
fiXW WESTERN HOTEL
J Boke, Sacramento R Pritchard, Shell^ille
M Baker, Kleno J Johnson, V n N
J R Jones ifc vv, Sacto J M Desmond,
J Pollard, Callahans C Cunts, Callahaus
G Mastron, San Bruno Miss M Healey, Leadvtlle
G Embory, Leaavil c L Klapprott, Leadville
S A Bursby, Leadvllle J Burk, Sacramento
J C Roberts, Chicago
THE CALL CALENDAR,
August, 1896.
iU.
Mo. Tu. W.
3 V; 6
10 11 12
17 18 19
24 25 2tf
31
Th. : It. Sa. , Moon s Phases
1 | /?*\.Last Quarter.
l l^/ August 1.
8 7 8 ■ n^k New Moot..
vS/ -Aastust 8.
13 14 15 ; <-VsFlrs-- Quarter
■ : S^/ August 15
20 |21 22 — Fnl( Moon
fiSk Full Moon.
*>*/ August 22.
27 28 29 ;
| /s*s Last Quarter.
{ , **>/ Augnst 31 I
16
sa
30
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* ot Departure From San Francisco.
GTKAMtK | J'KSTt.NATIOV. I
SAtM.
| PIER.
I'maillia....
Corona
P0m0na.....
♦ r«o
l»r»iioo. ..
Baraks .... -
Weeott.....
Colombia...
Kmplre
Pern
(JityPuebl*..
Santa Rosa.
City of Para
Truclcee ....
Coos Bay
State of Hal.
Vie »st P*t Una Aug IS. 9am I Pier I
Han Diego Augl3.llAM Pierll
Uumboldtßar AuglS. Uru Pier 9
Coot j>»r AuklS.lUau | Pier 13
Yaoulna Bar.. Augls, 9am Pier 2
Mawooß AuglS. Bam I Pier 11
Eel River A us; In. 6p.m | Pier 13
Portland Aug I(s.loam| Pler24
Urecon ports. . Augl6. Bpm Pier 13
China* Japan | Augl7. 3pm P M S 3
Vie <fc Pet j Aug 17. 9am I Pier 9
SantDlego AW 17 11am Pier il
Panama AnglS. 3pm 'P M S
Coos 8ay...... I Aug 18, 4pm Pier 13
Nawoort ...... ! Auk 19. 9am Pierll
Portland. 'Aug 21.10 am PIT 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
ttTKAMKH
From
UrK
Kortb orit. ...
Araeo ........
Pomona.
Peter Jebsen....
ColnmDla
rara110n. .......
Eorelca... ..._..
City or Poeoia..
Crticcnt City.
Empire ..-.
Coptic
Weeotu
City of Para....
Santa Hosa.
Han Mateo
San Bemto
ProßTeso
Alice Blancnard
Arcata....
Del Norte
Trnckee
Coos Bay -
Acapulco
Walla Wa11a....
State of Ca!
C0r0na....';. ....
Humboldt Bay
Coos 8ar.'..".............
Hum bold: our.
Nairn! mo
Portland
Yaaulna J»ar ........ ..—
Newport ...:.. .;..;..'
Victoria A Pa«*t donna
Crescent «juy_ ...„...„
Portland
China and JaDan
i£ei .River
Panama
t<an Di»*o.. ..............
Comoi
Tacoma.
Seattle...
Portland ...„
Portland
Grays Haroor...
Coos Bay
Newport ,
Panama
Victoria <& Pneet sound
Portland
San nic?a. . . .
..AUK 12
..Angl2
..Ad: 12
..Aug 13
.Aug 13
.:Aug 13
.AUg 13
..Ang 13
..Auk 13
..AUgl3
..An- 14
..Auk 14
..AUg 15
..Alls 15
..Auk 15
..Aug 15
..Aug 16
..Aug 17
..Aug 17
..An? 17
..An? 17
..Aug 17
..Aug 18
..Ang 18
..Aug 18
..Aug: 19
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
T\ B. COABT AN» OEODETIO SPIIVIT TrDS 1 )
BTJLUtTijr Published by official V
ArTHORITY OF THE SUPERINTENDENT. ' )
Wednesday, August 12.
Snnrtsas 5.22;.M00n rise*
Sunsets 7.06!M00n sets 8.49pm
August— lß96.
?|Tlme Feet |T!mej Feet JTlme Feet jTlrne F6-|
bJHW I L W I JHW |LW
lsfip 1.47| 6.3 7.44J
131 2.25 4.9 8.22
14,| 3.38 4.5 9.05
15 5.13 4.1 9.51
16 6.54 3.9 10.47
L W H \V
17 0.55 0.0 8.22
18 2.05 -0.3 9.30
~(J77 iiTITj 57b 87TS 174
1.3 2.47 i 5.7 9.11 I.C
1.9 3.29 6.7 10.22 o."i
2.6 417 B> 11.40 0.4
3.1 5.18 - 5.9
11. » II W
4.0 12.00 3.5 6.24 5.S
4.2 j 1.22 3.6 7.80 O.C
Notk— Iv the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, aud the successive tides of tbe day In tbe
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives thfl second tide or the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column elves the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractir*
from the depth given hv -he charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch HtdrosraphicOfficb, U. a N., ■»
Merchants' Eichassk. V
San Francisco. August 11. 1899. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Ulh was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m.. Greenwich time.
A. F. Fbchtblkr,
Lieutenant U. Si N. in eh irge.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrived.
TUESDAY, August 11.
Stmr Corona, Hall, 60 hours from San Diego
and. way ports: pass and mdse, toGoodall, Perkins
A Co.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, hence Aug 10 for
Mendoctno: returned on account of striking on the
rocks off Point Reves.
Stmr Albion, Lundquist, 20 hours from Needle
Rock: hark. .0 J S Kimball. Benicla direct.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlerleld, 85hrs frm Tacoma;
3600 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
. schr Norm Bend. Wallace. 10 days from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co. ;•:_,;
Schr Sacramento. Goodmansen, 2 days from
Albion; 260 eds bark, to A W Beadle A Co.
. Cleared. r 'jj^jMj
TUESDAY, August 11.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall, Perkins * Co.
Br ship Morven, Pace, Queenstown; G W Me-
Near.
sailed.
TUESDAY, August 11.
Strnr Protection, Ellefsen, Usal.
Stmr Excelsior, Hlggins, Eureka.
' Stmr Coos Bay. Jansen, San Pedro.
■Stmr Slate of California, Green. Astoria.
' Stmr South Coast. Hansen, Albion.
Stmr Gipsy. Leiand, Santa Cruz.
Etmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson.
, Stmr Caspar. Anflndsen. Caspar.
• Stmr Mineola, Pillsbury, Comox.
Ship (.lory of the Seas, Freeman, Nanalmo.
Br bark C <rleton, Lowe. Brisbane.
Schr Rio Rev, Ackerman.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka.
' Schr Western Home Nilsson.
Scbr Mary Etta, Wetzel. Iversens Landing.
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, Devilbiss Landing.
Mchr Vising, Peterson.
benr Nettie Low. Low. Point Reyes.
senr Etta B, Bourne, Fort Ross. -
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. August 11— p. if. — Weather
foggy < wlna SW : velocity. ; 14 uiiiej.
• Charter*.
The ship Dunsyre louis lumber at Tacoma
for Adelaide; schr W H Talbot, lumber a* Tacoma
for Melbourne, 40s: Freemantle, 50s, prior to ar
rival-ship Giory of the >eas,. coal at Departure
Bay for this port; bark Richard 111, coal at Comox
! lor ih.s port. ' • • •' ' ' ■
i . The bktn Katie Flickinger loads lumber on the
Sound for Kobe.
. ';• Homes tic Port*. "
SANTA BARBARA— Aug 11-Bchr Ex
celsior, for Port BlaKeley.
YAQUINA BAY— Sallel Aug 10— Stmr Faral
ion, for san Francisco. '
ASTORlA— sailed Ang 11— Bk:n Vldette. for
I Redondo: stmr Arcata, for San Francisco: stmr
Signal, for Puget Sound: Columbia, for San
; Francisco: stmr Empire, for San Francisco ; Br
ship Ciesareu for Port Natal.
! Arrived Aue 10— Br ship. Harland. from Hong
kong. - ■
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Aug 11-Schr
Monterey, hence Aug 10.
USAL— Aug 10— Schr Ralph J Long,
hence Aug t>.' '
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Aug 8-Bark Cey
lon, hence July •-'&.'
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 11—
bark Artenius, from Hamburg.
£UKKKA-Sa:le<i ll_-chr John A. for San
Francisco; stmrs Navarro and Pomona, for San
Francisco. • •
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 11-3tmr Del
Norte. hence Aug 7. " •
, SAN PEDRO— Sailed Au« ll— Bark Tidal Wave
for San Pedro. .'-■.: ■■•... .
TACOMA-sailed Aug U-Ship Dashing Wave,
for San Francisco, i .. ■ . I, v 5
Arrived Aue 11— stmr Ban Benlto, hence Aug 8,
and to sail Aug 16 for San Francisco. •
■ 'Foreign Port«.
FLEET WOOD— Arrived Aug 10-Br bark Donna
Franc 1 sea, from Tacoma
HULL— Arrived Aug 9— Br ship Elginshire, hnc
Apri 3. -..-■■• :
LIVERPOOL- Arrived Aug 10-Br ship Mara
thon, from Portland. '■-." .' •
SWANSEA— Arrived Aug 10-Dan bark Clara,
from Santa Rosalia. : ,
' oailea Aug B— Br ship Clan Oalbralth, for San
Iranc.sco. Aug 9— Br bark luveramsay, for San
i ranclsto. ■ >..'• .
SYDNEY— Aug la— Br stmr Miowera, for
Vancouver. ■ ■ . '
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
■NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Western
land, from Antwerp. •■-!•; , ■
. sailed Am 11— stmr Havel, for Bremen.
SCILXiY— Aug 11— Stmr Latin, from New
York, for Southampton and Bremen; stmr Paiatia
from New York, for Hamburg. « . •-:. ■ ■ :
LlZAßD— Passed A' g i-stmr Amsterdam, Jin
New York, for Rotterdam. ■..-,
Jmportitir>-n. •
SAN DIEGO— Per Cpr6»a— 3 sks seaweed, 12 hf
bbls pickled fish, 1 operaing tanle. 1 cs meats. 4
bxs oranges, X bxs butter J!: bbl olives, 58 sks nba
lone shells. 16 sks abaloneneat, 21 . sks sealskins.
10 bxs tyoei 9 csnooey.£oo bxs lemons, 1 bdl
sacks, Ics cio. tuns, 1: coffee, 10 bxs limes, 1
bid organ. 40 at mdse, 2 kf:s » me, 132 bdls fish.
"... Newpor'— lJ«6 bx* orans* 3P05 ska barley.
Reui.udo— llßß ska corn. 1 pkg mdse. •_' bxs
books, 133 bxs lemons, 1 blcvclt-, 16 bxs oranges,
6 bxs seed. \
Los Angeles via Redondo * bxs electrical goods,
8 bbls hams, 60 tierces lard, il sks asbestos.
fort Los Angeles— 4 bxs lemons, 1373 sks corn,
1 cs n:ds?. I
Los Angeles via Port Los Aigeles— 22 pkgs agri
cultural implements and harxware, 8 r>Kgs mdse,
4cs hardwire, 1 pkg ca|>es, 13 roils felt, 1 bx
hardware, '£ bxs automatic rogsters, "A pkgs wood
spools. 6 cs 3 crts tobacco, 117 cs bottles. 4 bxd
typewriters.
Santa Barbara— l 6 sks flour, 5. pkg mdse. 1 pkg
hardware, 14 bxs lemons, 10 bxioranges, 1 bx fish
30 sks crawfish.
Por: Harford- 1 pkg chain, 1 bx starch, 1 bx
soda, i bx codfish, 7 bxs butter, .7 cs eggs, 57 bxs
green apples, 8 pkgs mdse, 3 cs hiney, 2 kegs beer,
1 bx dry goods. 20 dressed calve, 6-4 bxs green
pears, 4 coops chickens, - coopdpoultry, 49 bxs
fish.
oanta Maria— 3oo sks barley. 1
San Luis Ooispo— 94l sks barley.
Steele— ls6o sks barley.
Nlpoma— l237 sks barley, 132 ski beans.
Con*!—-'
Per Corona— Hllmer. Bredhoffisrfchulz; New
man A Levlnson: Wilson it Baecltel : Stanford
University : M T Freltas & Co: Le\^Sp!egel <&Co-
Sather Banking Co: san Francesco. B>-ewerv Co-
Enterprise Brewery: C<impo<lonico<l>lalcoim; \v"
Mebach: Wetmoreßros; Mitchell Co; Pacific
Postal Telegraph Co: J Ivancovlch «jO: Minaker
& Wei banks; Amer Press Assn: Evaeth& Nash-
C E Whitney & Co: Bros & Co; Wolf <& Son-
Gray <fc Barbieri; D E Allison & Co; TK Smith- j
M Spotford: Castle Bros: Dalton B*s; Charles
Tetzen: Hills Bros; H O Greenhood; V F Se«rle-
California Fruit Exchange: Newmark A Edwardn'
California Electrical Works: Pacific Ammonia
and Chemical Works: The cudahy Paean. Co- \v
5 Newhull; Garcia Magginl: E J Bowen 4 Co- j
M Alexander Co; Crowu Distillery c>: Joseph
Wagner; O II Ames & Co: Asbestos MfnCo: otto
Stelner: Luscomb<& Isaacs: Smith & YoVng; v H
T Jackson:Chaux A Bernard; TUlmann &Beadel'
Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson; Willamettt Pulp <&
Paper Co: Brlgham, Hoppe<fc Co; Witzel 1% Baker-
A Paladlnl: American Union Fish Co: H Dotard'
G Camillonl & Co: Hooker Co; OB Smitk A Co-
L C; Sresovich A Co; Smith's Cash Store: Wasinng'-
Ingiou Mfg Co: Jones A Co; Russ, Sander) <£Co-
Dairymen's Union : E R Stevens <& Co: F B Halgnt •
Murphy, Grant & Co; M feller it Co; FBHalcht-
San Francisco Auto Photo Reg Co; Del Monte
Milling Co: L D Stone & Co: Enterprise Bravery
Buffalo Brewery: Wieland Brewing Co: Marshall
<fc Reimers; Norton, Teller* Co: B G Ruhl & (jo
s p Mining Co: California Wine Assn: J F Ulrich-
Chicago Brewery; F.I Murray: Western Meat Co •
H Heckman A Co: Slnshelmerßros: J PThoßas:
Erlansrer&Galinger: .V'-. ii.U a Co. \
OCEAN TRAVEL. V
PACIFIC coAST^riiisiiir^immT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A^ft
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, asJcSSSiC
follows:
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Juneau. Kil.
lisnoonnd Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11,36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Kellin?ham Bay, Wash.), 9a. if
Auk. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum.
bold t Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. it., Aug- 1, 5, 9, 13,
17. 21. 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucon,
Port Hariord (San Lui3 Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, Man Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. M. Au-
gust 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Dieco. stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. August 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, I*
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. K. August 27, and 25th of each month there-
after.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
ASTORIA ANIPOETLAN&
$6 Second Class. $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails ....... ......July 27, August 6, 18
Bute ot California sails.. July 22, Angus* 1, 11,21
• From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. X.
OOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
fiSO Morlr., .-■..„.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA. L*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl »r
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MONOWAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, August 20,
at 2 p. if.
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day. August 29. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
south Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
CO3IPAG lIE GENERAL TRA.fSATLASTIQCB
French Line to Havr^
/~IOMPANY'SPIER(NEW),42NORTH Art.
V 1 River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -dSWRJJ
this line avoid both transit oy English railway "and '
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
1 boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parti,
first-class -$160: second-class, $110. .
LAGASCOGNE Aug. 22. 9 A. H.
LA BUKTA""' X .... August :!i. in. m,
LA BOURGOGNE Sept. ,'.,9*. m.
LA NORMANDIK Sept. 12 64.11.
LATOURAINE Sept. 19, 7 A. M.
t&~ For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
FLHT & CO.'S
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINB
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports.
FROM NEW YORK:
The Al Clipper Ship. WM. H. MACT
Amesbury, Master. -
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The A 1 Clipper Ship A. J. FULLEB
Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
. For freight apply to FLINT <fc CO., 88 Broad
street. New York.
Consignees in Han Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
A CO., 22 California street.
WHITE STAR LWE.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
BETWEEN*
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILI>'O KVKivl \Vi;KK.
CABIN. ANDUPWARD, ACCORD- ja/gm
ing to steamer and accommodations wKBB
select second cabin, s■- •>«» ami *1. • 0; HBmvM
ami Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing- dates and cabin plans may ■ be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at lha
General Office of the Company, 61 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
Goneral Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROUSDTHEWORLD.^^^
A SELECT PARTY, ACCOMPANIED BY A
gentleman of many years'experiencein round-
the-world travel and thoroughly conversant with all
countries visited, will leave Vancouver September
14. lor itinerary, etc., apply
THOS. COOK & SON.,
621 Market Street, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEA^JACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS " LEAVE ASPIXWALL y*9*BU
fortnightly for the West Indies and ''«■■
Southampton, calling en route at C^rbourgU,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with lh«
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. *
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class. *97 50- For further particulars apply to
PARROTT * CO., Agents.
• MW C-..1i-.->r.in »t.
STMITOI STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At U I*. -"• .Daily. r .-t-njh received up
to •::{!» P. Ji.
tS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STKAJIEKs:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. ■ Cau Nay. and Inapt Oo
US: SAVYYAPtD. MIRE ISLAND, VALLEJO.
*Bcniria, *P«rf. («sti. *<rtclicti and *Valona.
STK. MONTICELLO,
Daily 10:30 a. m., 4:00 P. M. (Saturdays ••l":30
*- m.), 3:30 p. m. S-uadays 8 p. m. only. Offices
and landing. Pier 2, ji'is.sion St. Telephone Biaclc
261. wptgtfiemm; .- hatch BKO>.
* 4 and 8 P. M. trips only. .
*• Excursion trip, r'Olves 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR m JO^E, m GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
QTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PJER 1 DAILT
O a: 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted): Alviso daily at
7 p. m. (Saturdays except ed ). . Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between san Francisco and Alvijo,
50c; to San Jose,. 75c Clay st, Pier L 'Hi W»
flsjltt Clan liujiaii Jom» -WILL INSURE A
CLEM PRIMARY,
An Armj of Typewriters
Get Out a Great
Register
IN THJRTY-SIX HOURS.
Twenty-Jeven Thousand Affida
vits Handled With Marked
Regularity.
WILL BE USED SATURDAY.
The Quick Work Was Necessary in
Order to Use the Register at the
Congressional Primary.
Oakland Office Saw Fbancisco Call )
908 Broadway, Aug. 11. f
Tie click of the typewriter can be heard
all over the county buildings. Not the
clior of one, but the combined clicks of a
Btnill army of typewriters. The "Song of
th« Typewriter" as a companion to Hood's
"Song of the Shirt" has not yet been
■written, but if an ambitious song-writer
■wints an inspiration he cannot do better
tUn visit County Clerk Jordan's busy
hive, where over a score of typewriters
The Most Attractive Pressroom From Which a Great Register Was Ever Issued. With This Force County Clerk Jordan Is Getting Out
a Register in a Little Over a Day.
are getting out & great register in two
days.
The whole scene looks like one piece of
mechanism. All the typewriters £>re
workinp on piece rates, and not a moment
is wasted on conversation or smiles. The
rasping of paper as the workers turn over
the affidavits, the perpetual click of the
types and the constant tinkling of bells
continue without intermission, and the
great register that will be used at the
jirimaries next Saturday will have been
I rinted on the mo?t attractive printing
machine in the world.
Registration closed last night, and
County Clerk Jordan promised the Re
publican County Committee that he
would give there two certified copies of
the register for every precinct in Alameda
County thirty-bix hours after registration
r.iosed. At 8 o'clock this morning tue
•work was commenced. Each lady that
could find a place at the long table brougtit
her machine, and a few minutes later
each was clicking away for ber life from a
} ortion of the 27,000 affidavits that have
been sworn to by 'he voters of the county.
The register as at present being pre
pared on typewriting machines is a very
complete and almost perfect piece of
work. Its use at the primaries will re
vea! any inaccuracies, and they will be
corrected at once, so that the copies of
the great register that will be used for
the general election will be as nearly per
fect as it is possible to make it. This will
be something new lor Alameda County.
"I met a host of doubters when I pledged
the County Committee that great regis
ter," said County Clerk Jordan to-day,
"but I will have it finished to-morrow. It
is an accurate piece of work, and could
not have been accomplished had not we
be^un work on it months ago and kept our
affidavits filed alphabetically. It has cost
the county aa high as ?25,000 to get out
great registers on former occasions, but
this one has cost nothing but some small
bills for stationery. It is a clean job, and
to the best of my ability and knowledge
there is not a stuffer on it. In addition to
all the work that can be seen there has
been an espionage kept on any doubtful
character wnose record shows that he
would not be averse to stuffing a register.
This is the first great register since the ed
ucational test was made compulsory, and
it represents the most intelligent body of
voters that have ever registered in this
county." ________ — _^__
THE BABY'S UNIFORM.
Athens Parlor Will Outshine Solomon
in All of Hi* Glory on Admission
Day.
OAKIAND, Cal., Aug. IL— The "Baby
Parlor" of the Native Sons of the Golden
West of Oakland will go to Stockton on
September 9 arrayed in all the glory of a
yearling. The committee in charge of the
matter have issued a circular, in which
they describe the uniform to be worn, as
follows:
Coat and trousers of white duck, blue
vestlets and white duck hat, white shirts
■with a poppy-colored bow tie, and tan
Rhoes will complete the wearing apparel,
but a white parasol, with poppy-ribbon
trimmings will be carried, to add to the
general attractiveness.
WORD FROM McKINLEY.
He Will Mot Be Able to Come to the
Coast This Campaign.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 11. — Editor
Porter of the Oakland Echoes has just
received this letter froto the Republican
nominee for President, from Canton, Ohio:
My Dear Sir: For youi congratulations I
am very much obliged, and I am appreciative
of your confidence In the result of tne election.
There have come to me a treat many press
ing Invitations to visit the Pacific Coast this
summer and iall, but I am compelled to forego
Indulging in the pleasure of accepting any of
the invitations.
I was on the coast many yearß ago and I have
a particularly pleasant recollection of San
Francisco and Oakland. Youn very truly,
W. McKinlet.
WANT REDUCTIONS.
Board of Equalization's Session— The
City Gains Another Delayed
Lawsuit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 11.— The Board
of Equalization continued its session this
morning. H. A. Dillings' assessment,
which yesterday had been reduced from
$1350 to $1285, was reconsidered and the
application denied. Charles Dore's assess
ment was increased from $1000 to $1200.
The assessments of W. M. Bowers and
Annie Sandman were lespectfully in
creased from $575 to $625.
William M. Rank, as manager of the
Alaraeda, Oakland and Piedmont Electric
Railway, has made application for a re
duction of the company's assessment from
$47,850 to $39,716. He also claims that the
franchises are illegally assessed and that
they are not worth more than $12,000.
Affected Throughout.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 11.— Veterinary
luspector Carpenter, accompanied by Drs.
Lubbock, Stidh am and Smith, went to
Melrose to-day to make an inspection of a
cow suspected of being affected with tuber
culosis. The animal was found to be
diseased, and was killed.- Tuberculin
was not used. A post-mortem examina-
I tion proved that the cow was badly af-
I fected, ana specimens were secured for ex
j hibition purposes.
Precinct Officers.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 11.— The pre
| cinct officers for the Republican primary
election next Saturday are as follows:
First District— Judge, G. E. Clark; inspec
tor, W. G. C. Meyers; clerk, Charles Mars
ton., Second District — Judge. B. F. Flet
ter: inspector, G. A. Montell; clerk, R. S.
Wheeler. Third District— Judge, W. T.
Hard ; inspector, I. N. Chapman; clerk,
William lligby. Fourth District— Judge,
A. R. Haralin: inspector, G. B. Manley;
clerk, J. A. Samson.
Brief News Items.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 11.— Juliana
Foaord, wife of Lorens Foaord, the well
known ship chandler, living at 1805 Pacific
avenue, died unexpectedly last night at
alentine Alviso, the Earliest Republican Banner-Bearer in Alameda County,
Who Has Been Elected President of the Livermore McKinley and Hobart Club.
her home. Mrs. Foaord was 50 years of
age at the time of her decease and had re
sided over twenty years in Alameda.
J. A. Mitchell of Park avenue, who has
just returned with his wife from a trip in
the mountains of El Dorado County, had
an experience that resulted in a broken
riband several bad bruises. He was com
ing down a steep xrade in a two-wheeled
cart when the breeching broke and the
vehicle ran on to the horse causing a
tangle and a runaway. Mr. Mitchell was
thrown out on the right wheel. His wife
was fortunate in escaping injury.
County Medical Society.
The San Francisco County Medical Society
held its regular session last evening. A few
technical papers were read, but no business of
any public interest was transacted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
LIVERMORE IS
RIGHT IN LINE,
Republicans Will Hold a
Rousing Meeting Next
Thursday.
A HISTORIC PRESIDENT.
Valentine Alvisc, "Who Led the
First Republican March
in the County.
CONVERTED TO M'KINLEY.
Charles Pearse Has Decided That the
St Louis Platform Is the
Basis of Prosperity.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call.)
908 Broadway. Aug. 11. j
The Livermore Republican Club has ar
ranged for a big meeting on Thursday
night and it is their intention to let the
whole country around them know the
nature of the campaign that they are
going to make.
One of the speakers will be Mr. Pearse,
who has recently changed his ideas on the
national financial question. He was a
free silver man at the beginning of the
campaign, but he has given notice that
after mature consideration he has con
cluded that the old Republican party is
the only safeguard of the Nation in finan
cial as in all other matters.
The executive committee has issued the
following report:
The club has been placed in communication
with the State Central Committee, whose sec
retary gives us assurance of assistance in the
way of campaign literature and a speaker or
speakers at such time or times when we wish
to hold public meetings. Judging from the
continued additions to our roll of membership
and the almost daily expressions of sympathy
with th.' principles of -Protection, Patriotism
and Prosperity" by many who have heretofore
been opposed to Republican principles, we
reel sure that the "sober second thoueht" will,
ere the 3d of November, lead many such into
our ranks. Let us take heart and work faith
fully and earnestly for these erand principles
anJ success "ill crown our efforts. Your com
mit ie: b'-'g leave to submit the following
recommendations:
First— That a committee of three be ap
pointed to solicit voluntary subscriptions to a
smali but necessary campaign fund ; said fund
to be turned over to the treasurer of the club,
aud expended ouly by order of the club, and
account of the same kept, and a report of all
expenditures made by the treasurer to the
club at each meeting thereof.
Second— That a public meeting be held at the
earliest convenience, the time to be fixed by
vote of the club.
'lhird— That the secretary of the club be in
structed to maintain constant communication
with the State Central Committee and the
Coumy Central Committee,! and secure as
much campaign literature aslpoKsfble for gra
tuitous distribution, and any and all advice
and assistance which those bodies may be able
from time to time to render us.
Fourth— That a committee 01 five be ap
pointed to distribute campaign literature, and
to perform such other duties as from time to
time may be required of it by the club.
The club has selected for its president a
man with a history. It is Valentine
Alviso, who carried the banner in the first
Republican campaign ever conducted in
this county.
President Alviso was the life-long friend
of the late Senator Stanford. During the
campaign in war times, in which Stanford
was elected Governor, he learned to ad
mire the plucky young man who went to
the front of every Republican procession
carrying the stars and stripes. The Sena
tor obtained for Mr. Alviso a place in the
Mint and later he was keeper of Spanish
archive? in the Surveyor-General's office.
A few days ago Mr. Alviso recalled his
first meeting with Mr. Stanford, at the
time the railroad man was on a tour of in
spection just after the railroad had been
i built into the valley. Mr. Stanford ex
claimed: "I have traveled over Europe,
I have looked upon the far-famed scenery
of this and the old continent, but I never
beheld a more beautiful place than tbis."
A WARRANT ISSUED.
Ticket- Agent Bergsten Will Prosecute
Charles Bell for Absconding
With Hit Cash.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 11.— Charles J.
Bell, the assistant ticket agent at the
Center-street station who disappeared yes
terday with the money of the railroad
company, is now a fugitive from justice.
This morning Ticket-agent Bergsten
swore to a complaint and a warrant has
been issued. Notice was at once sent to
San Francisco, San Jose, Santa Cruz and
other points where he would be likely to
stop at. This is Bergsten's second experi
ence with lads who have fallen when
tempted. He had implicit confidence in
both, but he is sorry now. He says:
"Some time ago Al Lightner worked for
me and did me for $60 worth of goods.
He admitted it when 1 caught him, but
his mother begged so hard and promised
to pay the bill that I did not prosecute
him. Now they have moved to Santa
Rosa and I have about decided to have
the boy arrested, as I have never received
a cent from his parents. I have to stand
all these losses and it keeps down the
profits."
THEIR NEW CAPTAIN.
The Introduction of the Commander of
the Local Post of Volunteers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 11.— Captain
Mills of the Volunteers of America was
introduced to an Oakland audience to
night as the commanding officer of the
new post of that organization, which is
soon to be opened in this city. He spoke
briefly upon the work he is about to under
take, and asked the co-operation of the
Christian people in reaching those who do
not profess to be saved.
The meeting was held in the First M. £.
Church under the direction of Major
Washington Blackhurst. commander of
tue Pacific Coast Battalion of the new
movement. He spoke at length upon the
line of work they propose to take up in
this city and the success of the work as
started upon this coast. They have
secured the old Young Men's Christian
Association Hall on Broadway for their
headquarters. It is right in the heart of
the business part of the city. It is being
refitted and cleaned up, preparatory to
the opening. Blackhurst closed with a
talk upon social evils and their remedies.
COLLINS' THIRD TRIAL.
George Knight Too Busy in San Fran
cisco to Attend Court.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 11.— The second
trial of Michael Collins, accused of mur
dering Philip Boogar, was set for to-day.
Wnen the case was called in Jndge
Greene's court ihis morning Attorney
George A. Knight, representing the de
fendant, asked for a continuance, claiming
that he was compelled to be in San Fran
cisco as a representative in the Cornelius
Kins: will matter, which would take a
month.
Judge Greene was opposed to the case
going over, but he set the hearing for Sep
tember 30, after exacting a promise from
both sides that no more time would be
asked.
Collins shot Boogar in front of the Ga
lindo Hotel February 8, 1895. Boogar lin
gered a day or two, and died after making
an ante-mortera statement accusing Col
lins with the shooting. He identified him
that night after signing his statement.
HISTORY OF A DAY,
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Short Chapters.
The Grand Jury has adjourned until Wednes
day at 10 a. M.
The Forty-ninth Awembly District CluD will
hold a campaign rally at their headquarters
on Wood street, near Seventh, this evening.
Walter Nordland, F. Mack and H. Dye, three
boys, have been arrested for cutting copper
wires belonging to the Alameda eiectrie road.
Deputy District Attorney A. A. Moore Is
suffering from the effects of a dog bite In
flicted on him while at San Leandro the other
day.
Charles Theodore Phillips, a Southern Paci
fic conductor, dted at the Fabiola Hospital this
morning. He had been there about four
months.
Louise Farrow has been granted a divorce
from William J. Farrow upon the ground of
his conviction of a lelony. The defendant is
in Slate's prison for counterfeiting coin.
M. N. Glenn, a creditor of Fred Boegle, an
insolvent, opposes his h'nal discharge on the
ground that certain real estate owued by the
iusolvent does not appear as among his assets.
J. B. Marvin, who has been sued for a divorce
by his wife, Matilda, has made no defense and
a default has been entered. Richard Miller,
who is also defendant in adivorce suit brought
by his wife, Emma, has pursued a similar
course.
RECEPTION TO A
RISING AUTHORESS,
Political Equality Club Will
Entertain Miss Virna
Woods.
COLORED CITIZENS' DAY.
The Irish Societies Will Be at
the Exposition Friday
Night
WITH TH£ HARP AND LYRE.
Interest Increases Daily and the
Doors May Be Kept Open an Ad
ditional Two Weeks.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 11. J
Berkeley:has had its day at the exposi
tion, and to passers-by who might have
heard the celebration to-night it is only
necessary to say that Berkeley includes
the university, and that the term opened
yesterday. The programme as published
was carefully carried out, and as usual the
buildings were all crowded.
The colored citizens of Alameda County
will celebrate to-morrow, and they have
prepared an elaborate programme. E. E.
Burns will make the opening speech, and
the rest of the numbers are as follows:
Double quartet, Messrs. Crump, Clark, Payne,
Flood, Butler, Johnson, Jackson and More
head; recitation, Miss Kate J. Grases; soprano
solo, Mrs. W. S. Linn; violin solo, Master R.
Clark; violin duet, Misses Hattie and Edna
Winslow; "La Estrella," mandolin students;
barytone solo, Benjamin Morehead; recitation,
W. G. Madder; tenor solo, Oscar T. Jackson;
accompanist, Mrs. Pauline Burns; selections,
Oakland Exposition band.
The musical programme for this evening
is as follows:
March, "King Cotton" (Sousa); overture,
"Ten Minutes With the Minstrels" (Bowron);
"Dat Cake Walk" (Lamp); "Tone Pictures of
the North and South" (Bendix); schottische,
"Ma Angeline" (Lee Johnson); "Georgia
Waltzes" (Pettee); "The Darkies' Jubilee"
(Turner); march, "Whistling Coon" (VVelden).
The lady writers of Alameda County will
conduct the exercises on Friday afternoon,
and the following subjects will be on the
programme:
"California Literature," Emma Sickle Mar
shall; "The Size of the Dollar," Joaquin Miller;
"Our Heritage of Words," Miss Adeline Knapp.
A reception will be tendered the mem
bers of the Woman's Press Club and Miss
Virna Woods, a rising young authoress of
Sacramento, Cal., by "the ladies of the
Political Equality Club.
Friday evening the Irish societies will
be on deck, and they have crepared a first
class entertainment. Their programme is :
Selections from the "Bohemian Girl," Expo
sition Band; sketch, "Ten Minutes in Ire
land," Mrs. Edmund Taylor; piano solo, "Be
lieve Me, if All Those Endearing Young
Charme," with variations, Miss Beile Cham
berlain; soprano salo, (a) "The Last Rose of
Summer," (ft) "The Low-Backed Car." Miss
Mary I. Sullivan; irecitation, (a) "Shandon
Bell?," (6) "Tit-for-Tat," Miss Elizabeth Kinch
Bartlett; harp, "The Harp That Once Thro'
Tara's Halls," Miss Mary'L. Kimball; tenor
solo, "The Minstrel Boy," Thomas J. Walsh;
selections from "Maritana," Exposition band;
violin solo, Irish Fantasie, Eugene Colby;
lightning drill, by N. F. Taggart, late Royal
Irish Rifles; contralto solo (a, Gaelic), "The
Song of Sorrow," (6) "Kathleen Mavour
neen," Miss Grace Carroll; recitation, "The
Courtship by the Widow," Miss Elizabeth
Finch Bartlett; harp, medley of Irish airs,
Miss Mary I- Kimball; accompanist, Miss
Belle Chamberlain; finale, "America," Expo
sition band.
At a meeting of the board of directors
held to-night it was decided to continue
the exposition another week. A San
Francisco day will be arranged for the
last week.
To-Day's Entertainment.
The managers of the Oakland Exposi
tion extended to the colored citizens of
Oakland and vicinity an invitation to as
sist in the entertainment. They accepted
the invitation and to-night they will pre
sent a very interesting and charming pro
gramme.
The management is well pleased that it
has this feature to add to the attractive
ness of the fair and it deplores that the
occasion should have been falsely pre
sented in the Chronicle. Those who will
participate and their friends were very
indignant at the unjustified reference to
cake walks, etc., which appeared in the
alleged account of the programme.
Homer Bishop of Oakland in discussing
the offensive article says:
We resent It as an attempt of the writer to
bias the minds of the citizens of Oakland and
San Francisco against the success of our day
and a reflection upon our ability to present an
intellectual programme. The programme on
this occasion will be such that the most cul
tured of our citizenscan listen to it with satis
faction. It is to be deplored by all good citi
zens that the Chronicle would publish in its
columns that there would be a cake walk
when it knew at the time that it was a base
falsehood, the baseness being only exceeded
by the writer himself.
MAY HE WEAR A BADGE?
James Kenney Does Not Know
Whether He Is Fire
Chief or Not.
Hilborn Being Supported— Exam
tions at the University Se
vere This Year.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 11.— The re
fusal of the Town Trustees to appoint
James Kenney Chief of the Fire Depart
ment will probably leave Berkeley without
a Cbief for nearly a year. It is thought
that the question will again come up next
June, that month being the one fixed by
ordinance for the selection of a Fire Chief.
The movement to secure a Chief was
started by the Peralta fire Company,
which lea in the fight against Kenney.
The company had a candidate of its own —
its foreman— D. J. Keane being the prin
cipal opponent of James Kenney, and
friends of the latter charge that Keane's
defeat had much to do witn the company's
opposition.
The outcome of the affair has placed the
Town Trustees in a peculiar position.
They it was who caused a convention of
firemen to be held, resulting in the nomi
nation of Kenney, and now they refuse
to indorse him. "Though ro direct vote
on Kennev has been taken by the board,
yet their disinc'ination last night to pass
an ordinance under which he might be
appointed is construed as a practical
throwdown. It is understood that three
of the members favored Kenney, while
the other three were against him.
Having been supported directly by five
of the fire companies out of the seven
now existing, Kennev considers himself
practically the Fire Chief of Berkeley, not
withstanding the refusal of the board to
indorse his name. "Tee Fire Department
Auction Sales
[THIS DAY, AT 2 P. M.
Elognnt Purniture
1409 JACKSON STREET, NEAR HIDE.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
of Berkeley is made up of seven volunteer
companies," said Kenney to-night, "and
in reality the matter of who shall be their
leader lies in the hands of the companies
themselves. I have had sufficient cause
to believe that I hold the office of Chief to
justify me in naming my assistants and
in wearing the Chief s badge, which was
presented to me the other evening."
"I am sure that the board will finally
settle the matter to the satisfaction of all.
They will doubtless have to abrogate the
present ordinance, however, if they expect
to make an appointment before June, for
otherwise they wiil have to wait until that
time in orderto observe the law."
Kally Around Hilborn.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 11.—Immedi
ately alter the adjournment of the Repub
lican Club meeting last evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall a caucus of the friends and
political supporters of Congressman Hil
born was held. An address regarding
Hilborn's candidacy was made by W. L.
Hill, who declared it to be the duty of all
Republicans to work for the renomination
of the Congressman.
The following campaign committee, on
motion of H. D. Irwin, was appointed to
further the interests cf the Hilborn dele
fates: H. D. Irwin, chairman; Captain
. T. Morrison, Chester A. Smythe, Mr.
Ames, Robert Steadman, James Rae, Sam
uel Heywood, C. A. Gregory, East Berke
ley; Tom Wilson, Mr. Dutton, Mr. Teague,
Mr. Searby, Fred Wilkes, W<jst Berkeley;
H. D. Irwin, Mr. Stevenson, Lorin; C. A.
Miller, William Blanton. D. Jumper,
Golden Gate; Mr. Hagan, W. W. Knicker
bocker, George Eggleston, Temcscal; Mr.
Daniels, Piedmont; Mr. Hoescb, Robert
Tyler, Dwight way; Hugh Forgie, Ash
by avenue; I. A. Boynton, Justice Lord,
North Berkeley; J, J. Moran, Dr. Wool
sey, Peralta; P. J. Kelly, Claremont.
Following were the delegates appointed
to the convention of the 22d inst: D. F.
Miller, Golden Gate; Alex Me Adam,
Temescal; Waiter Heywood, West Berkt.-
James Kenncy, Who Hardly Knows Whether He Is Berkeley's Fire Chief or No'«
ley: J. R. Ayer, East Berkeley; R. Edgar,
East Berkeley; S. W. Lander, Lorin ; F.
K. Shattuck, at iarge.
Exei Harder Than Ever.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 11. — The I
"preps" who are taking the entrance "exs"
to the State University say that they are '
having a hard time of it and many have
expressed the wish that they had burned
more of the proverbial midnignt oil before
attempting to pass through the ordeal. J
Numbers of those who took the examina- i
tions last year and failed to pass, and are j
taking them again, declare that the
questions in all the subjects offered for
entrance are at least 25 per cent harder ;
than a year ago.
And the upper classmen, who have long j
since filed their matriculation cards, say
that the "freshies" of to-day are having a
much harder time than those of two or |
three years ago. This tightening of the !
screws on the part of the faculty is con
strued as being the result of the vastly |
overcrowded condition of all the depart
ments, and also of the desire to raise the :
standard of the institution. There has j
been some talk of an unofficial nature, of ;
cutting down if not entirely out, the num
bar ot special students, as it is claimed
they are taking up the room ihat should j
be given to those who have a regular
status. '
There are something like two hundred !
special students taking courses at the pres
ent time, many of whom are registered for j
only six or eight hours a week. The regu
lar students who intend to graduate, and j
who are taking not less than fifteen hours ;
a week, maintain that they ought neither j
to be thrown out nor hampered by spe
cials who take only six hours, and who
have no intention of working for a degree, j
Students to Be Measured.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 11.— Beginning |
with to-morrow the male students of the j
freshman class at the State Uni- I
versity will be required to undergo J
a rigid physical examination, be meas- i
ured completely and be photographed j
against a co-ordinated blackboard. This j
system of determining the exact physical
condition of eacn and every intrant, espe- j
cially the photographing, will form an
important feature" in the work of the de
partment of gymnastics, and Director
Mafiee believes that it will prove of inesti
mable value in the matter of gathering
data as to the physique of the young col
legians.
Gathering Stolen Coins.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aue. 11.— Detectives
Antbouy and Holbrook of the San Fran
cisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children yesterday brought from San
Francisco Eva Dougherty, the 13-year-old
girl who is ucoused of stealing coins and
jewelry, for the purpose of locating some of
the $3 coins which she is supposed to have
palmed off on certain Berkeley people last
Saturday. Several ot these rare coins
were recovered, but a complete seatch was
prevented because of the fact that many
of the business-houses were closed in cele
bration of children's day at the Oakland
Exposition. They will bring the girl over
again to-morrow and continue the search.
High Scbool Enrollment.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 11. — The
Berkeley High School opened yesterday
with a "total enrollment of 281. In the
senior class there were 88, in the middle
92 and in the junior 101.
This is the largest enrollment the school
has ever had.
Wrestling Championship.
BERKELEY, Cal., August 11. — The
Crescent Attiletic Ciub decided at their
meeting last night to have a wrestling
match on the 20th inst. between Ea Voll
ner and Frank Thompson for a gold
medal and the chambionship of Berkeley.
Children Go In Scores.
All the schools of Berkeley closed this
afternoon to give the children an oppor
tunity to attend the Oakland Exposition.
It is said that at least 1000 attended. They
all wore unique badges of blue and gold
ribbon in honor of the university. It
seemed like a holiday in Berkeley, because
many of the stores were closed in honor of
the occasion.
Held for Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 11.— Judge Wood
LAURENCE VINCENT
WIIX SELL THIS AFTEUNOOX,
Wednesday August 12, 1896,
. : . . At 2 0'c10ck. . . . ; f
THE FURNITURE
Contained in Bestdence,
200 FIFTH ST., NR. HOWARD.
of the Police Court to-day held Frank
Robinson, late editor of the defunct Ob
server, to the. Superior Court for trial on
the crrarge of felony for transferring mort
gaged property without the mortgagee's
consent. He placed the bail at $1000.
Gustave Beckert of the California restau
rant qualified as bondsman this afternoon
for Robinson.
WINE VAULTS ROBBERY.
Frank Darragh, One of Lach
man & Jacohi's Employes,
Arrested.
Owen Pegg, the Engineer, Found One
of the Stolen Sacks, Which
Contained $400.
The boy Eddie Bienvenu, who was ar
rested on Saturday on suspicion of having
stolen the two sacks containing $1000 from
the office of Lachman <fc Jacobi, Second
and Bryant streets, was discharged from
custody Monday, as there was nothing
to show that he had been connected with
the robbery.
Detectives Crockett, Reynolds and Ryan
arrested Frank Darragh Monday after
noon and he is now confined in the tanks
pending a full investigation.
Darragh has been employed in the wine
vaults for some time. He is a married
man and lives in Berkeley. Two weeks
ago he borrowed a brace and bit, a screw
driver and other tools from the engineer,
saying he wanted to use them at his
home. The holes made in the partition
to make the flap through which the sacks
were abstracted from the bureau in the
superintendent's office correspond with
the bit and brace and the screw-driver.
Darragh was always asking about the rob
bery, and day before yesterday remarked
to Owen Pegg, the engineer, that he was
surprised the police had not searched the
attic for the stolen coin. Fegg went into
the attic after Darragh had gone away,
and found one of the sacks, containing
?400, which he turned over to the police.
The detectives claim that there are other
circumstances that Darragh will find hard
to explain satisfactorily.
Captain Spillane of the Southern district
police station, who has been busily en
gased searching for evidence against the
accused man, is confident that the other
sack which contains 5500 is still around
the building.
A force of men will search every nook in
the wine vaults to-day and in ail probability
the stolen money wiil by nightfall be in
the hands of its rightful owners.
James Scott's Will.
The will of James Bcott, who died on August
5, aged 75 years, was yesterday filed for pro
bate.
Scott declared In his will that he was alone
in the world snd lad no relatives of any de
cree. He left a legacy of $6000 to his land
lady, Leonie Esperauce; !£SOO to Mrs. Annio
Kearney, $1000 to the Protestant Orphan Asy
lum, and the balance of his estate, which is of
unknown value, to Dr. Joseph E. Artigues,
who is named as executor of his will.
Key Corporations.
The American Oil and Paint Company, the
Cresta Blarca Wine Company and the OroFino
Mijing Company wexe yesterday incorporated.
Lieon Meyer's Trial.
The trial of Leon R. Meyer, charged with
i maltreating little girls, was on in Judge Bahrs*
; court yesterday. It continues to-day.
KEW TO-DAT.
Kj^ / ■'!iy(
I^SM . Five Years
ipMn^^l Bottling.
kiSfiniMlli P MARTIN
iji phophiVtoi;s ■ |t[|J /LI; 111 rill I 111
\^^^^S m Market St.
, ' H^^^^^^^^^l ■ San Francisco.
'■/^~^sk r n?s Dispensary,
/%f»*S^m #r * KEARXT ST. Established
BWPjM In 185* for the treatment of Prlvata
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABXT .ST. Established
in 1M54 forth? treutmentof Private
Diseust-B, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Q£W£&frkn disease wearing on body and mind and
'■ *^41EQtiSIS Skin Diseases. i'hPdoctorcures when
OyVpV'iJ^othsi-sfall. Try hfm. Charges low.
('nreienarnnlrpd. Callorwrite.
:Sr. J. *'. \>1BBQ!I. Box l'JOT.Saai'ianclsca
1314
WHY HARRISON'S
POOLROOM RUNS,
Town Attorney Silva Says
It Is a Case of
Nerve.
THE SAUSALITO CRISIS.
Mooted Question of the Poolshops
May Be Decided in a
Few Days.
TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS A DAT
This Is What the Attorney Coald
Make Should He Arrest the
Players
Over at Sausalito th« air is rife with
speculation as to whether the poolrooms
will continue to exist or whether their
career will be stopped summarily by the
irresistible course of the law.
Like mushrooms and toadstools that
prow in a night to be plucked on the fol- j
lowing day, poolshop after poolshop has
rented rooms, hunt? out its sign of can
vas and hung within its blackboards for
recording Eastern events, only to nave a
quietus given them by Town Attorney
Bylva and Marsnal Creed.
All of the poolrooms yesterday had
vanished excepting that of Harrison & Co.
The nerve of this company has kept it
above the breakers of the Sausalito law.
Goldtree <fe Co. and Schwartz <fc Co. closed
down suddenly on Saturday last, but the
Harrison company, as has been stated be
fore, took on an extra quantity of ballast,
trimmed its sail? and was prepared for a
new direction of the hurricane of the law. I
Therefore it is still afloat and will continue
to be so at least until this evening.
Judge Pryor has issued a venire of fifty
jurors, returnable at 7:3o o'clock this even
ing, to try the Harrison case.^,The Judge
says tne case is set peremptorily and must
come off this evening.
Town Attorney Sylva "said yesterday : i
"There is a rumor floating about that I
have received bribes both from the Town
Marshal ana from the Harrison Company
in order that I would make no arrest of
the players in that poolroom. The truth
of the matter is this: Last Saturday 1
ordered Marshal Creed to announce to the
players of tne poolrooms of Goldtree <fe Co.
and Schwartz & Co. that if they continued
to play in those rooms tney would be ar
rested, and would either be compelled to
serve a term in jail or pay a fine. As soon i
as this announcement was made by tne
Marshal the shops mentioned closed their
books and their doors and left town. But,
strange to say, when the announcement
was made in the Harrison shop — tne room
being tben filled with buyers — Harrison
spo_e up and said: 'Gentlemen, I have a
sack here that is sufficient to bail every j
one of you who is arrested out of jail, and i
enough also to pay all fines. Go on and
play; you needn't be afraid of anything.'
''Tnese players," continued Mr. Sylva,
"have not yet been arrested for the simple
reason that I have been instructed by the
Trustees to go slow in m akin k ai rests. It
costs the city $16 for every arrest made,
$10 of which is paid to myself, $3 to tne
Recorder and $3 to the Marshal.
"Now I could make $2000 a day, you ob
serve, by causing to be arrested at least
200 pool-buyers. Do you think either
Harrison or Creed, or both, could afford to
pay me this amount for neglecting my
duty? You observe it is preposterous on I
the face of it. lam simply going slow be- |
cause of the action of the Trustees and be- I
cause such a large number of arrests
might bankrupt the town of Sausalito.
Harrison's knowledge of this state of af- I
fairs is a mystery to me, unless it was a
clear case of nerve."
To-day the case of Harrison & Co. comes [
up, ana to-morrow the cases of Golatree &
Co. and Schwartz & Co. The Board of
Town Trustees meet next Monday even- I
ing.
Colonel Slinkey, proprietor of the El
Monte Hotel, who was arrested for rent- j
ing his hotel to pool-sellers, said yester- !
day: "I shall faght my case to the bitter <■
end. I have engaged the services of two j
lawyers, T. J. Crowley and P. W. Reed. I
rented my property simply to men who
were running a legitimate commission j
business and who possessed licenses. 1
know that the advent of the pool-rooms
here has been of vast benefit to the busi
ness portion of our town. They bring
money here and enliven the town. The j
class who come here come for business
only."
The proposition is evidently soon com
ing to a crisis. Rumors are extant that
Schwartz & Co. will reopen to-day. The
trials, however, of the three companies
which will take place to-day and to-mor
row will perhaps, to a certain extont,
solve the question as to whether the shops
will remain or close.
CARNIVAL A SUCCESS.
It Is Asserted That a Sufficient
Sum Is In
Sight.
It is asserted by many of the business
men and those interested in the carnival
in Sausalito tnat the fete will surely be a
grand success.
The polls for voting for the queen were
opened late yesterday afternoon. Colonel
Siinky says that all money necessary for
success is in sight. It has been decided to
illuminate all the streets fronting the bay.
The El Monte will be ablaze with 300
lamps besides innumerable electric lights.
The first vote for the queen registersd
yesterday was for Mrs. J. M. Kilgaray.
As yet preparations are somewhat in
abeyance awaitine the reports of the ap
pointments on the sub-committees.
WILL DIG FOR GOLD.
Sergeant Hayes Is Determined to
Work His Property This
Fall.
Sergeant Jack Hayes of the Harbor Po
lice, who owns a pretty summer residence
in Hurricane Gulch, Sausaiito, will soon
close his bargain and purchase the land
adjoining bis. The gold lever has some
what subsided in the public mind, but not
in the mind oi Sergeant Hayes.
"Just before the rainy season begins,"
said he yesterday, "I shall build a dam
and sluice on my land and work the soil of
the creek bed bv?low for all it is worth. 1
know what I am talking about and I know
I will hnd enough of the metal in the
river bottom there at least to remunerate
me and I believe to give me a comfortable
sum in the bank."
THE RAILROAD ACCEPTS.
Will Pay the Costa in the Eight Suits
Instituted by the Gov
ernment.
As predicted in The Call of yesterday
the eight cases of the Government against
tne Southern Pacific to recover 60,000
acres of land have been dismissed. They
have not yet been stricken off the calen
dar, but that formality will be gone
through to-day.
Yesterday morning an attorney repre
senting the railroad called on District At
torney Foote and, without much ado,
agreed to the compromise, viz. The pay
ment of all costs incurred up to date.
Mr. Foote said it was an error to suppose
he had dismissed the suits. That was a
matt' r controlled entirely by the author
ities at Washington. It met with his en
tire approbation, nowever, and at the
proper time he would have the cases dis
mis:>ed.
Incidentally, it may be remarked that
the injunction of the Government against
Debs and other leaders of the American
Railway Union will probably be dismissed
in a few days. This action was brought
during the strike of 1894 and, conse
quently, is of no avail now.
AMONG iHL WHEELMEN-
The Alpha Club Secure* New Quarters.
Olympic Wheelmen's Theater Party.
The Alpha (ladies) Cycling Club has re
moved to ita handsome new clubrooms,
corner of Folsom and Twenty-first streets,
where the usual weekly meetings will be
held. The club is the only occupant
of the rooms, and when properly settled
the members expect to have a housewarru
ing and welcome their friends.
R. M. Thompson of Fresno, a member of
the California division racing board and
local consul of the league at Fresno, is in
the City for a few days on a business trip.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will have
a theater party at the California next
Tuesday evening. The club's road race
nexfc Sunday has interested a great many
of the riders and there will be a big entry
list.
Harry F. Terrill, one of the Bay City
Wheelmen's crack professional racers, has
returned from an extended trip nortn. He
raced at Portland, Seattle, Tacoma, Van
couver, Victoria and other points and won
a considerable sum in prizes. Terrill will
ride at the meet to be held here at Central
Park on August 22.
James Joyce Jr. and E. R. Driver, who
have represented two large Eastern cycle
houses on the coast for the past eighteen
months, leave to-morrow night for the
East and do not expect to return. Both
have made many friends among the
wheelmen and others during their ex
tended stay.
> ♦ •
REEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
Unknown owners (by James N. Block, Tax Col
lector) to M. McCann, lot on S line of Lombard
street, 195:10 E of Gough, E 5, *E to N W line of
subdivision 8, S\V to a point NW 68;7Va. tax
deea; $4
J. D. Lichtenberger (by Tax Collector) to same,
lot on S line of Jefferson street, 137:6 W of La
guna, ElbyS 137:6, tax deed; $ti.
Chester ;-. Heist rup to George H. and Belle W.
Holsteln, lot on s line of Sacramento street, 140
W of Devisadero, W 26 by S. 132:7: $10.
Henry and Margaret Mahan to Hugh Keenan,
lot on N line of Kddy street, 32:6 E of Broderlck,
E 30 by N 100; $10.
Isidor and Bertha Lipman to Jaseph Jacqueniet,
lot on N line of Kighteenth street, 86 E of Noe, E
25 by N 100: $10.
Henry Brickwedel to Kebeccaßrickwedel, lot on
\V line of Valencia street, 66 N of Twenty-fourth,
N 42 by W 90: «10.
William A. and Klla J. Patterson to Arunnda M.
Scales, lot on NE corner of Duncan and Douglass
streets. N 126:6, X 106, S 12:6, E 50, W 114, W
155, also lot on N Hue of Duncan street, 155 W of
Diamond. W 126 by N 114: $10.
ir. W. M. Lange to Thomas S. and Fred S. Ad
ams, lot on NE corner of Sutter and Kearny
streets, N 69:6 by X 70; also lot on NW line of
Mission street, 75 NE of Sixth. NE 50 by NW
16u; also lo; on E line of Va encia street, 80 N of
Ridley, N 25 by E 100; also lot on NE line of
Fifth street, 137:6 NW of Bryant, NW 137:6 by
NX -J75-, also lot on N line of Henry street, 230 W
of Banchez, W 50 by N 115; $10.
James McDonald to Jane McDonald, lot on se
line of .'ship ey street, 250 iVE of Sixth, NE 25 by
HE 75; gift.
George W., Minerva X., George K. and Lucy H.
Frini to Abby Frink Blckel, wife of H. 8., lot on S
line of Berry street, 275 E of sixth, SE 240 by E
22:11; $1.
Edward J. Clark to Thomas Clark, lot on S line
of Minna street, 197:6 E of Seventh, NE 26 by
SE 80: also lot on s line McAllister street, 82:6
Wot Franklin, W 27:6 by S 120: also lot on SE
line of Minna street, 250 SE of Seventh, .NE
25 by SK 75; ;ift.
• Susan Cunningham to Michael Curran, lot on
NE line of Gilbert street, 80 SW of Brannan,
NW -^5 by NE 80: $10.
8. H. and Harriet E. Depny to Henry Wash
burn, lot on W line of U'.ah street, 137:6 S ot Ala
meda, S 126 by W 100: $10.
John E. and Nelly C. Mason to Walter A.Weber,
undivided half of lo: on W line of lowa street, 433
N of Volo.N 66 by W 100: $10.
Joseph A. and Charlotte A. Torrey to Fannie O.
Donohue (wife of Kober, E), lot on N line of
Clement street, 133 E ot Seventh avenue, E26 by
N 111; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to lielle McNicoll, !oi
on E line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 176 S of J
street, 8 25 by E 120; $10.
Joseph and Ellen Chambers to Christ Bonde, lot
867. <;ift Map-; $10.
Charles L. Wanganjan to Evelyn R. Wangaman,
lot on E line of Golden state avenue, 100 S ot Hoi
loway street, S 25 by X 112:5, lot 20, block 8.
Lake view. $10.
Sunnyside Land Company and California Title
Insurance and Trust Company to Policarpo Ygle
sias, lots 1 and 2, block 34. Sunnyside; $10.
L A. H., Kobert and Alice j. Mack to J. W.
Barnes, lot 12, block P, Park Lane tract, Map 4;
$10.
X C. De Boom to Mrs. Honora Kennedy, lot 10.
biock 2, Revised Map of the De Boom Tract ; $500.
L. a. S. Salzer to Central Bank of Oakland, lot
on N line of Goettingen street, 175 N from NW
corner of Dwight and Goettlngen. N 76 by w 240,
being lots 4 and 10, block 3. Paul Tract Home
stead A.isociat'on; $400.
Pauline Rued (wite of J. C.) to Mary Burnett
wife ot Dwich; J.), lot on W line of Cora street
51:1 N of Tobin, N 75 by W 105:8. !o s 41 and 42,
Ben Franklin Homestead Association; $25.
W. T. Barnett to Thoma» Burnett, lot 4, block
31, West End Map 1, being on NW line of Dela
ware avenue, 80 NE of Seneca, NE 80 by NW
*37; $6.
AI.Alf KI>A COUNTY.
Eron and Alice Cannon to Mary H. Woodruff,
lot on S line of Forty-fifth street, 140 E of Grove
E 60 by s 100, btlng lot 6, block 2101, Alaen tract
a Temescal. Oakland township; sj-10.
Eli and Sarah Megonisdl 10 Julia Drusael, lot on
W line of Gold street, 100 S of Weston avenue s
76 by W 100, being lots 9, 11 and 13, Oakland
Railroad Homestead, Oakland township- $10.
Jonathan s. and Margaret J. Davis to Henry
Pierce, tin- W half of SW quarter and St quarter
of SW quarter of geci'.on 8, township 2 S, range 2
W, containing 120 acres, Brooklyn Township;
$3«0.
Lewis E. and Minnie E. Campbell to John s. G.
Young, lot on N line of Johnson avenue, 427:5 W
of Court street, W 27 by N 130, being portion of
lot 12. Johnson Tract, Alameda; $10.
Benjamin W. Ferris to Oscar L. Knowles, lot on
W line of Myrtle street, 128 S of Twenty-eighth
S 25 by W 123:6, being lot 16, block 654, K'eene
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $700, Oakland;
$10.
Anunio V. Fereira to Wi;belmina Setzer lot on
S line of Montgomery street, 225 E of Summit, E
25 by s 100, being lot 10, block I, new town of
Lynn, East Oakland; $10.
Aunie A. Ahem to VV. J. Abern, lots 17 to 20,
block 29, san Antonio, i-ast Oakland; gift.
W. E. and Matilda P. Barnard to W. C. Barnard,
lot 80. in plai 30. Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land Township; $iO.
Thomas and Mary E. Moore to James R.
Lamont. lot on N line of Tnirty-slxin street.
165./47W of Market, W 100.454. N12&24, E
100, S 137.82 to beminniUK. being lots 21 and 22.
block B, map of portion of Mrs. M. J. Evoy'sprop
erty, Oagland Townsbip; $10.
A. G. ana Nellie I. t-nttsinger to John L. I ooke,
undivided bait of lot on W line of Putnam street,
100 BE ot Frultvale avenue, HE 25, SW 73.50,
NW 25.36, NE 69.20 .o beginning, lot 2, block
751, Levy <ft Lane Tract, Brooklyn Township;
also lot on oW corner of Ea^t Eighteenth street
and Fourth avenue, HW 159:08, NW 200. NE
157.42, thence on a curved line along Eas. Eigh
teenth street, 20i.35 to beginning, lots 7 to 10,
block 101, portion of Watson property, East oak
land; $10.
F. N. Delanoy to Frederick W. Delanoy. lot on
NE corner of urand street and Encinal avenue,
E 100 by H 46, quitclaim deed, Alameda; $10.
Mary F. and jlarian F. Delanoy to same, tame,
Alameda; $10.
Elizabeth L. O'Connor to Charles and E. V.
Foster, lot on W line of Grand street, 100 N of San
Jose avenue, N 50 by W 150. Alameda- $10.
Damrell to Wiliiam F. Nelson, lot on W
oJ» Ben i°n street, 75 Nof Raiiroad avenue, N
37:6 by W 150, being the S half of !ol 16 and N
ilamed O a f ; 1O $3700. l ° "' Wo< * ™' *** ProPeny>
Builders' Contracts.
George and Kaiherina Stockmier with Kobert
Trost to erect a two-story frame building (two
flats) on E line of Sharon street, 195 feet N of
Sixteenth street. $1835; Robert Trost, architect.
Patrick Riordau with John Quinn to erect a
two-story building and stable on Mission street
198 feet N of Fourteenth st.eet, $i; 505: James P
Brady, architect.
• — ♦— ♦
Emperor William's latest fad is teleg
raphy, and he is spending several hours a
week learning to send messages by dot and
dashes. He has already made considerable
progress as an operator of the key.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock erery
nipht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICER— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, «pwi
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open ontli 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
IsOTIC— OJf M_._TlNGs.
itEas*^GOLDEN GATE LODGE No. 30, Tg,
JS^^ F. & A. M.— Officers and membeis A
are requested to meet at the Temple, THIS tKjT
(WEDNESDAY) AFTERNOO >, August /^T>
12, at 2 o'clock, to conduct the funeral of our late
brother, WILLIAM HUMPHREYS,: of Zion
Lodge No. 1, Detroit, Mich. -
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
BC^—p- MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. ■[
Ef^ and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A,.
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:3o)K_3r
o'clock. First degree. By order of the W. rr*r x
M. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
B^sp CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. m
*=-*' and a. M.-Called meeting THIS^JV.
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 P. _. First degree. «__fT
By order of the W. M. ' V
• H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
YERBA BUENA"~TbI)GE
Vt^G' No. 16, I. O. O. F.— Officers and -§%££&&:
members are hereby notifieil that the
first and s.cond degrees will be con- '•••-
ferred by the degree staff of Excelsior Degree
Lodge No. 2 THURSDAY EVENING, August
13. Lodge will open ai 7:30 p. _. . All members
of the order are cordially invited.
VICTOR HOFFMAN, N. G.
A. D. Chkshibe, Secretary.
|T_3y= PACIFIC LODGE NO. 160, .^s^a&j.
m~3y I. O. O. F.— Officers and mem- :^g^^gs^-
bers are hereby notified to assemble In
the lodgeroom THIS DAY (Wednes- '^""^
day), August 12, at 2 o'clock, for the purpose of
attending the funeral of Brother Jackson.
O. W. CRAWFORD, N. G.
W. H. Claw son, Secretary.
_fc3S= FRANCO-AMERICAN ,^S«a_%>
W3? Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. F. Of-^^^gS^g-
fleers and members are requested to : 25>>»te~r
attend the next meeting on THURS- , //n\w '
DAY, August 13, at 8 o'clock P. M., for initiation.
Members of sister lodges are cordially invited.
A. LEON AURADOU, N. O.
R. Lavisne, Secretary.
|TS=K. R. 8.-ATTENTION — BUSI- *
>Sr-& of special . interest demands your jf_.
presence THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- k\_U
ING at K. R. B. all .
DIVIDEND NOTICES..
B^^~dTvIDEND~NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
w<& 34 (twenty-five cents . per share) of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St.. on and after THURSDAY,
August 20. 1896. Transfer book will close Fri-
day, August 14, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. K.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ijP^'^ ; RK~E^CE^TT?KT^^N^P~i^OTT^
»<_? the Orient," or "Here and There Around
the World." on THURSDAY EVENING, August
13, 1896, 8 o'clock, by Rev. M. F. COLKURN. at
Grace M. E. Church, cor. Capo and Twenty-first
sts. This lecture will deal with personal experi-
ences in'Burmah, India, Egypt and Palestine.
Collection will be taken to defray the expense of
painting the church. •
j£— BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 94:
m~£r collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Mont?y St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
Bf_^sp DR..GALVAN HA .- RESUMED PRAC-
m^ tlceattbeParrottbd*; 3d floor.rooms 395-6.
j£— p DR. Bayer removj.. his OFFICE
Wj? to 14 Grant aye : residence 1703 Geary st.
f*7S=> A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
S^fr WEEKIY CALL. IP wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— ALE.
C"i It. HANSEN _ to.,' 110 GEARY ST:,
'. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mall us your or-ers: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
RS. FENTON, REMOVED TO 420 SUTTER
St., bet. Stockton and Powell. Ladies requiring
first-class help of all nationalities for all capacities
call or send order.
p ERMAN HOUSEGIRL: STRONG AND WlLL-
vXlng; good city reference; good cook; $16 to $20.
MRS. O. NORTON, 315 Sutterst.
WANTED— SI'IUATION-BY AN AMERICAN
»' woman to do general housework: is a good
cook and laundress; no objection to a -short dis-
tance in the country. A. W., box IH, Call.
vITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
O young woman to do general h' usework: good
home more an object than wages. Address A.,
box 127, Call office,
ANTED -BY AN EXPERIENCED, RE-
fined German girl situation as second elrl
and sewing In an American family; wages $25.
Address 1015 a Poit st. ■
p OOD LAUNDRESS WANTS WORK IN COUN-
VXtry hotel or boarding-bouse; three years in one
place: American; middle-aged.. Call or address
Laundress, 1231 Market St.
ITUATION wanted BY competent
cook and laundress, or would do housework: 5
years in last place. Please call or address 1025
Mission st.
POSITION AS STENOGRAPHER AND TYPE-
X writer; best of references given; or will accept
outside work: at reasonable terms. Address O. H.,
box 11 6, Call.
EXPERIENCED NURSE WOULD LIKE
X_t charge of Infant or young children; best refer-
ences. 1221 O. arrellst.
SECOND WORK OR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
In small family: references given. 408 Na-
toma st. • ■
SITUATION WANTED BY, EXPERIENCED
O stenographer and bookkeeper. Adaress Ste-
nographer, basement Crock building. .
yOU.NG GERMAN WOMAN wants house-
X work by the day; washing, Ironing and clean-
Ing. 415 O'Farrell st.
ELIABi-E WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
X\» laundress, would do downstairs work; would
go out by the day; washing or housecleaning. < 616
Post st.
SITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPER-
O iencedcook. P.ease call l4U7,Scott st.
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
the day; washing, . ironing or any kind of
bousecleaning: good laundress. Please cull or
address 270 Jessie st., near Fourth.
p ERMAN WIDOW WISHES A SITUATION
VX to do housework and plain cooking; no wash-
ing. 818% Geary st., Saratoga court, fiat 4.
ITUATION wanted BY A RELIABLE
O German girl to do general housework and plain
cooking in a small family. Call or address 633
-N atoma st.
VtAT RESPECTABLE GIRL DESIRES BIT-
Xi nation to take care of children and sew; refer-
ences. Address 27*% Clementina St., off Fourth.
pANADIAN GIRL WOULD DO SECOND OR
\J general housework or care for children. Call
or address 28 Eighth st., room 39.
y OUNG WOMAN; WANT& to GO OUT to !
X work by the day washing or housecleaning.
444 Clementina St., near Sixth.
IDDLE-AOKD WOMAN; CHAMBERWORK
or housework; plain cooking. Call 148 Sixth
St., room 36. . -
V' OCNG WOMAN WANTS WASHING, IRON-
-1 Ing or housework by the day, week or month.'
Call 812 Jessie st., In rear.
ENGLISH BRANCHES, BOOKKEEPING,
French, German, Spanish taught; also refined
| home wanted In exchange for tuition. Address mi-
i structress, Call .branch office, 116 Ninth st.
") COMPETENT 'GIRLS FROM THE EAST
*- would USe a place to do housework or second
work. Apply 11 Kissling st.,off > leventh, n. ar
Howard. .
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY ',
the day or week. Call or address 667 Adeline,
cor. Third st., Oakland. ■■■■.■
OSITIi )N WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY
as stenographer and typewriter; salary not so
much an object as a steady place. Call or address
4331 Eighteen h St. ■ '".-.,
V'OUNii glrl wants a SITUATION for
J general housework: is. a 'good plain cook."
Please cal 1331 California su, City. References.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
VX first-class boarding-house or hotel. Address
145 Fourth su • : • • ■ .
ENGLISH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION AS
waitress or nurse. , Please call or address A.
NOTTRAM, 215 Minna St. , ■'•
ESPECTABLE M DOLE- AGED WOMAN
Xfc lately from East to do upstairs work and I care
for children or general housework. Call 106%
Lang: on st. . , .
REFINED YOUNG L/ D V WISH KS SlTlA-
tion 10 lnd lor 2 c: dre lin refined family;
good plain sewer; best reference. Address R. L.,
uoxBo, Call Office.
"y OUNG LADY OF REFINEMENT WISHES
X position in family to take care of small ! chil-
dren; good musicinn and sewer: best of reference.
Address B. A., box 80, Call Office. . . . ,
SITUATION WANTED BY, a" YO> NG
k3 French lady at upstairs work or ! take care of
grown children; wages, $-'J a month. Please ad-
dress MR. HENRY; 372 Natoma St., a F. . ■; ■: \\ "
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS A , PLACE AS
VX housekeeper: is willing to go to country. i Ad-
dress A. 8., box 14. Call Office. . ' ,
V RELIABLE WOMAN AS RESTAURANT
cook, or ill do general housework ; is good
laundress- Call 512, Fourth st. • '
pOMPETENT. GERMAN GIRL WISHES po-
V.' sition to do general housework or upstairs
work. Call or address 4307 Twenty-fourth st. : -■
YOUNGV OUNG DANISH GIRL WISHES A 81TUA-
I tion to care for children. Call or address at 96
California aye. ' "- _
J. MBROIDERY— LADY (EXPERT) ; W[SHld
ij to embroider initials In table-linen and hand-
kerchit fs. ,-. Address 1 . L., box 82, Call Office. > ■
pOMPETENT WOMAN-WISHES A, SITUA^
\J lion ( o do chamberwork and watting; the best
of city reference. Please call at 1412 a Bush st. ■; y
V OUNG GERMAN GIRL : WANTS PLACE
• 1 to take : care of < children , and help , around.
Please call at, 2.97 Fifteenth st. ■■; , • ..
■y OUNG GERMAN „ GIRL WANTS PLACE
X to do pain housework and cooking. Please call
2297 Fifteenth st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SITUATION WANTED AS SEAMSTRESS
O or chamberwork and waiting; best of city
references; wages $25 per month. ■ Call 411 Oak.
DRESSMAK R, FIHST-CLASS CUTTER AND
. fitter, wants a few more engagements by the
day at $1 25. ; 2407 California. \ •■ :
LADY WISHES POSITION AS CASHIER IN
XJ restauraut: wages reasonable. , "■'•'all 771 How-
ard st., room 81, second floor, from 1- to 4. , . ;
AN AMERICAN WOMAN would LIKE
place ns working housekeeper or ; cbamber-
maid: no objections to country. ; 145% Fifth st. .
YOUNG FRENCH WIDOW WIsHEd SITUA-
-1 tlon as cook; French or German preferred.
110 Sixth st., room 10. '.:•■'.' ':."'' ".' ;■ ." "
IRL WANTS position TO DO LIGHT
r housework; wages not under 916. Please call
1424 Howard st.; no postals. _
p ERMAN GIRL NOT LONG IN THIS COUN-
VX try wants situation as chambermaid or light
housework. Call or address . Winchester House,
Third st., room 26. *
YoUNG CREOLE WIDOW WITH A
i- child, wishes a position as housekeeper: city
or country. I Call or address 917 Market St., room
19, second floor. ' ,
SPANISH WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY OF
Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 106 Larkin st.. room 2.
O WISS GIRL WANTS EMPLOYMENT IN A
0 private family for upstairs work: best referen-
ces. Address Swiss Girl. 431 Pine st.
p IRL WISHES SITUATION DO GENERAL
VX housework; is good plain cook: not afraid of
*___!_. 'Call 321 Tehama Bt._ '
1 RESPECTABLE GIRITWISHES SITUATION
XV for general housework; is a good plain cook.
Call 19 Fulton st.
yOUNG GIRL— TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
! X housework or care for children ; no objection to
country, a. j., 1208 Adeline St., Oakland.
Ui-N>- ..E, . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
''Market; 200 rooms; 25c to 91 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
IF IN NEED OF DRESSMAKER, CUTTER OR
seamstress apply at McDOWELL Dressmaking
School. 636 Market sL, opp. Palace Hotel. . • .
SWEDISH GIRL FROM EAST; GOOD COOK:
wishes situation to 'do housework or second
work; wages from 920 to 930. Call or address
C. S., 962 clay st.. Oakland.
p ERMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
VX housekeeper in city or country. Address 15%
Harrison aye., S. F. V
ITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER OR EX-
-0 perienced lady's nurse. Address 720 Natoma st.
HI TUA_IUN£| WAi\T_D-MAL_.
CR. H ANSErTXcaTII O~GEARY~I3 -CTfUR^
• nlsh haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
bands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mail us your order,; prompt attention guaranteed.
CH INESK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
p HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; bestheln. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
UTLER AND VALET— YOUNG IRISHMAN,
just. arrived from the East, can furnish first-
class references, age 20 years, height 5 feet 7
Inches, wages moderate, toootaln a situation. Ad-
dress Butler, 1310 Harrison st. '._
STEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS
a situation as porter, oellbor or elevator man
in hotel, or will work in saloon or kitchen. Ad-
dress HARTLEY, care Grocers' Exchange, 301
Battery st.
1 V AN EXPERT STENOGRAPHER AND
•' typewriter and all around office man. familiar
with law, commercial and railroad work. A. JE,,
box 17, Call office.
AN AND WIFE, GOOD COOKS, WANT
position mining, hoarding-house or institution.
Address M. W., , ox 72. Call Office.
ENGINEERS— POSITION BY COMPETENT
XJ man; familiar with electric lights. Address
LOUIS B. GORDON, 17 Van Ness »ye.
CAN DIN AVIAN WISHES SITUATION OF
any kind; handy with tools; understands care
of horses; can drive. Address A. J.. box 82, CalL
QWEDE, WISHES POSITION AS ASSISTANT
O janitor or porter; handy with tools. Address
W. H., box 97, Call.
■yOUNG BARBER WISHES A POSITION TO
X finish trade; country preferred. Third and San
Car, os, San Jose, Cal. t
p ERMAN WISHES SITUATION AS SECOND
VX cook; hotel or restaurant, or any kind of
kitchen work. Address 670 Mission st.. room 13.
SITUATION WANTED BY 1 PROFESSIONAL
O greenhouse florist and landscape gardener:
can take care or a horse and baggy and milk a cow
if required: city or country. Address Gardener,
636 Commercial st.
yOUNG MAN JUST FROM THE EAST WILL
X give violin or piano lessons in exchange for
room In private family. Address Y. M.. box 81,
Call Office.
GERMAN, 36. WISHES TO LEARN FARM
VX work on a small farm; handy with carpenter
»nd harness tools. Address B. KESSEL, box 72,
Call Office. • - -- ;- t - - . .
POSITION DESIRED AS DRAUGHTSMAN
Xor copyist by a competent man. Address W.
C, box 79. Call. -
p ERMAN YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
VX as janitor: handy with all kinds of tools; good
reference. Call or address G. S., 444 Fifth St.
T-CLASS COACHMAN, SWEDE.WANTS
. situation; has excellent references. Address S.
C, box 115, Call Office.
ELI A RLE FIRST-CLASS MAN WHO UN-
derttands care of horse and is good driver
wants situation around private place; Is fair gar-
dener and is handy with tools. Addresi O. G. , box
97, Call Office. ■ "--..■
POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN AS
bookkeper or clerk in store or office: salary not
so much it" 1 object as a chance to gain experi-
ence: first-class references. Address G. 8., box
148. Call Office. .':■- ■
vfOTICE — A . WELL AND FAVORABLY
— 1 known -old timer" of this city having a horse
and light business buggy would like employment
for self and team; wholesale tobacco and cigar
house ~ould be preferred, or any mercantile busi-
ness requiring quick and light delivery, soliciting,
collecting, etc.; would devote his entire time to
the interest, of employer; test' of references; sal-
ary expected 900 per month for man and team.
Address B. 8.8.. box 15, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— BY A COMPETENT MAN, A
*» position as teamster; handyman with tools;
understands care of stock; wages reasonable. Ad-
dress I., box 74, Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TV Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 26c to 91 50 per night: 91 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggace to and from the ferry.
HY STEADY SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS
' * young man as coachman: American; 36 years
old; one who thoroughly understands care of
horses and carriages; good careful driver; best. of
references. Address A L, 409 Ninth St., Oakland.
VV i:\CHEBTEK HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every - room; 200
rooms; 25c to 91 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: fre<- bus end baiccase to and from the ferry.
~, -*_—__—._ . HELP WANTED.
FIRST^CLa SS GERMAN COOKbV private
families, city, $25 ; ■ Rood cook, Oakland, 920 ;
second girl, same place. $16: young nurse to take
care of 1 child scam-dress for Berkeley, see party
In city: girls for housework, city and country, $15
and $20. C. H. HAN HKS & CO., 110 Geary si.
EAD WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $35
to $40: head waitress, city, $25 to $30: wait-
ress, country ho el, 920; 2- German waitresses,
$20: hotel chambermaids, 920. C. R. HANSEN
_ CO., 110 Geary st. ■ . '
IRISH CATuOLIC HOUSEKEKPER, 925;
nurse, Santa Barbara, $30. MISS CULLr.N,
3.3 Sutler st.
/Term a OR Scandinavian SEAM-
VX stress and chambermaid, 25:- German or
French nurse, $18.' MISS CULLEV. 323 Suitor.
V BAT 1 >E(iOND G1RL7~920. MISS CULLEN,
1\ 323 Sutter st. "... ;
WOMAN. WITH 6 CHILDREN, COUNTRY,
W $18. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
OU9EWORK GIRL, SAN JOSE, 925; 2
girls, Alameda, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Butter st. ■--;■•■> :',. . . . ..':,■•.'...
OOK, SAN MATEO. $30: GERMAN COOK,
J $3U; second girl, 92ft: nurse, $20; 15 house-
work girls, city and country, 920 and $25; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to 916. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. -.-■■..■. ■ ■ ;•
SECOND GIRL ANl> WASH, 920. MISS
O CULLEN, 323 Sntter sU
MEAT. REFINED GIRL. LIGHT HOUSE-
■i-^ ■ work, country, '. $15,' see ■ party here. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. , ' /
DEFINED GERMAN NURSERY GOVERN-
It ess. 925. MISS CULLE > . 323 sutter st.
; \\r ANTED— GERMAN' OR SCANDINAVIAN
W cook, a short distance, $30: 6 cooks in Ger-
man families. $25 and $30; '-' Irish and Protestant
second girls, 420; colored girl for housework. $25:
4 Ironers in laundry; • rotestant working house-
keep, $15; waitress for small restaurant, and
girls of all nationalities for cooking and housework
In city and country. J. F. CROSETT <fe CO., 3i_
Sutter su
\y ANTED— 6 GERMAN COOKS, $30 AND
W $25; German or Scandinavian chambermaid
and seamstress, $25; German upstairs and sew-
ing. $2U; cook, boarding-house, 980: chamber-
maid, lodging-house. 915; , girls < for : housework.
L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton su ■.-;■■ :
VVrANTED-CoOK FOR AN INSTITUTION
•'■ ' » in city, nice place, $25 ; ironer for institution,
91 26 a day and found. » W. D. EWER _ CO., 626
Clay st.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, CITY. 925.
. Call early MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. :. -.
OWEWsH OR DANISH GIRL, CITY. ; 920;
Ogirl in family of 3,920; 13 girls, 915; 12 girls,
$8, $10 and 912 per month. MARTIN'S 749
Market st. ■ ■■• •■ •,;■-,_ — . " ■,; ;. ;-,'i
\\[ AIIRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, 920; COOKS
" : and ■ housework ; - girls . ., at . MURRAY, &
READY'S, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay . su'-i ' K^9_9B— MSBSMK— BBSfttf— ftSS— SS
GTRL FOR SECOND WORK AND SEWING,
$20: nursegirl, $18; waitress, $20: 8 _lrls for
housework and assist. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
/ 'IRLS,. $15, $20 AND $25. APPLY THIS
*» a. m., 872 Broadway, Oakland, J. P. JOHN-
GIRLS TO FILL POSITIONS FROM 915 TO
925. Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
HELP WANTED-Contlnn^i. _
YOUNG LADY PARTNER TO LEARN SPAN-
'X lsh rings to travel; - weight not less than ; 125.
Call 48 south Park Lane, back of South Park, bet.
Second and Third sts., Wednesday, from 2 to 8
P. -. LaMONT family.
"youNG lady to GIVE instruction IN
: X music; one who can give vocal and instru-
mental preferred: give references, = age and re-
llglon. Address M., box 112, Call Office.
WOMAN WANTED 6 DAYS IN WEEK,
"» from 8 to 6, to clean bouses and windows for a
real estate firm. Address with wages wanted,
Worker, box 58, Call Office. - ,
EDUCATED LADY OR GENTLEMAN FOR
XU profitable position. Call evenings of August
13 and 14 till 9 at 478% Tenth su, room 17, Oak-
land. ;"■■,"■'. ■.•'.,■■■' ■-':.:' V .- ■ >
ANTED-A GERMAN GIRL FOR GENER-
'» al housework and good cook; small family;
wages 920. Call from 1 to 6 p. st 36 McAllister st.
UICK FINISHERSON PANTS FROM $6 TO
$7: also some $3 to 94 per week; steady work
to good hands. SO7 Clementina st., nr. Fourth.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR HOUS.-.WORK; COUN-
VX try town: small family; no washing; 920; see
party uere. 60 9 Kearny su, room 8. .'--;•■■
ANTED FOR COUNTRY, ELDERLY LADY
to care X* three children; good home for
right party, luvilre MRS. MINER, 102 Taylor.
\\! ANTED YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH
>' housework and care of child; wages 910. Ap-
ply 2833 Pine at. ■ . ,
TVTEAT YOUNG GIRL; COOKING, HOUSE-
i-\ work; small family; Berkeley. Call room 6,
532 Market st.
\,l IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN FOR
l'l. light housework; wages moderate. 312 Fill-
more st.
IT>DLE-AGED WOMAN WHO UNDER-
stands care of children. 332 Guerrero st.
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS TAILORESS;
good buttonhole- 436 Sixth st.
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X small family. 1126 Buchanan st.
IRL FOR oENERAL HOUSEWORK. 761
Haight st. ;
\\T ANTED— GOOD FINISHER: ALSO AP-
VV prentices on custom pants. 923% Folsom st.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIHL FOR i.EN-
\J eral noose work and plain cooking. 917 Sutter.
p IRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND ASSIST. WITH
VX baby. Apoly 9to 12, 1421 Lar-in st.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
home. 387 San Jose aye. ■
A PPRENTICE; HAIRDRKSSING, MA.NI-
A curine, etc: permanent place. 1 131 Post. r. 20.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO WASH NAP-
»V kins. 517 Montgomery st.
VrOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; call early. 523b Natoma st.
pOOD FINISHER ON PANTS; 91 50 A DAY.
VX 273 Minna st.
YoTJNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Apply 426 Hayes su
TEADY GERMAN GIRL TO DO GENERAL
O housework; wages 915. Call 12 Eureka st.
U' OMAN TO WORK IN KITCHEN: MUST
.TV understand short-order cooking. 13b Polk.
T/XPEKIENCED CLOAK FINISHERS. 16
Hi Turk su :
p OOD TAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS. 873
VX Natoma st.
TVT ANTED— APPRENTICE GIRLS. 106 BAT-
TY tery st.
W ANT-D— GIRLS TO WAIT ON
TV table. 153 Third sU
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
on fruit. Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., Brannan St., between Third
and Fourth.
p ERMAN GIRL, SPEAKING ENGLISH, FOR
VX general housework. 51 Fifth.
TV" ANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
Won fruit. CUTTING FRUIT- PACKING
CO., 1150 Harrison st.
TADIES— EXPERIENCED AGENTS; If
Xj once. Room 11, 737 Market st.
IRL TO MIND 2 CHILDREN. ADDRESS
MRS. LEWIS, box 44, 1. all. t: ;
OAT - FINISHERS WANTED; STEADY
V. work; highest wages. 541 Marker, st.
EST - FINISHERS WAN. ED: STEADY
work; highest wages. 541 Market su
■VT EAT AN" GIRL; GENERAL HOUSE"-
-— work; plain cooking; German family;' 920.
933 Haight st.
AIRDRESsING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
culture lessons; free to agents. BUTLER,
131 Post su v :
PUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES;
V' 91 a week. FLYNN, 14 McAllister St., r. 67.
I_| AIRURESSINO. 250 AND Ml . MOI'.SINU
XX and eve classes; 101e_nons,9l 50. 1248 .Mission.
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given Miss DOYLE. 119 a Powell su, 105 9th.
1 EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
xj Ing: 91 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDoweli Dressmaking School, 636 Market sU
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
JX Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to 91 50 per night*, 91 50 to 96
went: free 'bus and raega:e to and from ferry.
BIAL.E it__P WANTED.
EA_TTO6ir^ul?T^Y~H^T~Eir^76T^AS^
try cook and baker, first-class hotel, 950 to
960; second .cook, 940: potwasher, $20; dish-
washer. 920. for country hotel; butcher, country
shop, 940: butcher, for an institution. 930: Ger-
man cook, hotel, $30; starch Ironer, 935. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
T7IXPERIENCED MINING BLACKSMITH
XU who can make and sharpen tools and shoe
mules: to go to Honduras, central America: $100
per month and found and fare advanced; see party
here. C. R. HANSE ■ & CO., 110 Geary St.
( CONCENTRATOR MAN FOR A MINE, 93 A
\J day, see party here; mining blacksmith, tee
boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
VV ANTED— 2 MINERS, 952 PER MONTH;
TV first-class buttermaker, 930 and found, steady
place; coachman for city, reference required, $30
to 935 per month and fou. id boy for blacksmith
shop, one that can drive shoes, $20 and found and
Increase; laundryman, Troy machine \o. 9. $1 25
per day . and found ; farmers. milKers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER * CO.,
626 Cay su
/•Q MEN WANTED TO-DAY, FROM 915 TO
\JO $75 per month and found: 6 cccks, $30, 940,
ana $50; 6 waiters and waiter-boys, *15, $20, $25
and $30; 2 dishwashers; porter, city hotel; ironer,
$30 and found; derrick forker, $1 75 and $2 day:
2 milkers, $22 50; butter- maker; sand teamster,
city; .0 tlemakew. stableman: 2 ranch laborers:
blacksmith helper; screw-turner. , MURRAY «fe
READY, Lading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay su , . ■ ;
1 ARBER FOR A COUNTRY SHOP. CALL AT
I' MURRAY & READY'S, leading Employ-
ment A Rents, 634 and 636 Cl. y st.
WANTED— SWISS OR FRENCH CuUPLE
TV for private family, $60; choreboy, 96 month;
tunnel men, 91 60 day and bi;ard; 2 plasterers,
$2 25 day and board; restaurant cook, 935; i wait-
ers, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
6-8 Sacramento st.
WTnte.j- MAN TO TAKE CARE of
TV. horses, etc.. wife to cook, 940 to $50. country,
sec party here; man for private place, must be
handy with tools. $26: second cook, $20: 3 dish-
washers, 915 to 920, etc. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st. .
pHOREMAN AND WIFE KOR A FRUIT
\J ranc:i, 935: sack-sewer, 91 50 a day; 2pitch-
ers for thrasher, 76c a day: dishwasher, country,
$16 and room. R. T. WARD _ CO., 608-610 Clay.
TTURST-CLAS* SOLICITOR FOR ADVERTISE-
;J ments on picnic programme: liberal commis-
sion. K. KERB, room 4, 10th floor, Mills build-
ing, 12 to 1 o'clock. . .'■.■• ■
L IRST-CLABS PLUMBER AND EXPERI-
X I enced plumber's helper; good boy. 623 Golden
Gate aye. ■■■"• -. . 
/ ANTED— A STRONG MAN TO ACT AS
gardener, and porter in a sanitarium. A. S.,
box 162, Call. *
\4 AN AND WIFE ; . WIFE MUST UNDER-
I'X stand ■ French ' cooking, man Know about
horses. Employment Office. 306 Mason su
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY;
sober man. 604 Seventh st.v
ARBER, FIRST-CLASS, WANTED: DON'T
call before 9a. m. 32 Turk st. _.i
ARBEIT STEADY JOB; - FIRST-CLASS
man; no other need apply. 630 Fourth st.
() BLACKSMITHS' HELPERS AT 47 AND 48
— Beale_U ■:., ; \ .■-... . - .
: WANTED— MAN AND WIFE; PRIVATE
W family; city;, wages $50. 315 cutter st. :
TTooTbLTcK, $10 A WEEK: CAR AGE
1 > blacksmith helper. MARTIN'S. 749 Market.
ANTED BOOTBLACK; CALL EARLY.
131 Ellis st. " ' ■--.:> 
ANTED- WAITER OR WAITRESS AT
,Tr Columbia Hotel. 123 Eddy st. :
p OOD NEAT COOK *OR CHOP AND OYSTER
VJT house.. 218 Mason su ...
IRST- CLASS PAPER - HANGER; CALL
bet een 7 and Ba. _. ; 93 a day. '32 Fourth st
. Vl' ANTED— GOOD DAY COOK FOR RESI'AU-
TT rauu ;23 Third st. ■■.■..•■.:.■-■
r\ OOD BOOTBLACK. SEVENTH ST. ,
NE WAITER AND i ON_T~DISH WASHER
, wanted at 410 Kearney st ■ "
I/OUR-CHAIR : BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE
X? cheap. Apply for G. MR., 210 Grant aye.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE— OWNER LEAV-
ing town. - 871 Market sU" :
DRUG CLERK WANTED. ADDRESS STAT-
. ing 'qualifications and :* references "Apothe-
cary," box 123, Call Office. <"_.":•;. )'-:,■:■■ r
OY TO HELP IN OF- ICR AND COLLECT.
Address J. N . box 61, Call Office.
WANTED— SEAMEN, SHIP CARPENTER
VV and cook.. i' Apply 10 S:euart st- upstairs. ;
L» EEFBTEAK AND ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
X> 6c; 2 Bide dishes free. 635 Clay su ,
HELP WANTED-ContlnnM.
TA7 ANTED— STEADY RELIABLE MAN AS
»■ partner in showcard and sign business to de-
liver orders and collect; $125 required. Apply
632 Market St., room 8. •■;. .
V\; ANTED— STEADY MAN FOR _ PERM A-
• '* . nent position; will be assured 975 per month,
with an increase If energetic; no night or Sunday
work; must have $.50 cash. Apply 777 Market, r.7
TO GET A FIRST-RATE 15C MEAL FOR lOC
X where strict civility,' cleanliness and order is
maintained, try the Seattle restaurant, 137
Fourth st.
FEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
li 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60c;week 91 to $2 50 ;readin groom strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
j,AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
i J P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
ARBER->HOP, 3 SIXTH ST.: ELEGANT IN
every respect and lease for sale.
fl_/i PANTS TO order; latest STYLE.
<£ _ WERTHMAN Pants Co , 22% Geary su
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 60c-: LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait. 608 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will _ Fiuck's.S.F-
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, 93 50; band-sewea
shoes, 96. 726% Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED— AN IDE A :WHO CAN THINK OF
TV some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ fO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their 91800 prize otter
and list of 200 inventions wanted. ■ ■■■ • ;•■
E HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
selling at less than one-fourth their value: cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 66- Mission st. ,
T ODGINGS, TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
OURNEYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
No. 27. J. 8.U.A.. Emplmt Bureau. 102 Seventn
WANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 25c
TV night; 91 week. Rosedale, 321 Ellis st.
WANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 year*;
not less th.n 6 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrui.lng Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco, Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission su, near Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our mane, 92 60
and 93: ladles', gents' and children's caiaiit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
RY' ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; 91 a week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD'
J ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
a— REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
"I/>AMEIN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC 15c
l'»U and 20c a night. Including coflM and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. '' '. '
EST IN CITY- -SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. '9i. 91 25, 91 60 per week.
Pacific bouse. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts. '■
Wk. ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
»nd with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission bU. between First and Second sts.
OOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 600 TO #1 50
per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
\\T ANTED— .LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' » to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per nigh*.-. 91 to 93 per week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; 91
reek; rooms for two. 26c a day, 91 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
Echo HOUSE, 863%" MARKET - ST.—
Rooms 20c., 25c. to 60c. night; 91 to 98 week.
\4 EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i>l all grocers keep iv -
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerlcs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sntter
ANTED — MEN TO LEARN BARBER
trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
(Dialogue sent, W. F. Barber school. 1615 Howard.
AO— -ITS WANTED.
O^D^OLlclT"6l{sl'^l__iiB^ON l l ""DAY
to hustlers. WEITHMAN PANTS CO., 22%
Geary, room 29. ■
AGENTS! BRYAN, SEW ALL AND FREE
x\. silver; McKinley, Hobart and protection;
every voter will buy one or the other: do you want
the profit? T. PERSON. Manager Subscription
Department The Whitaker <fe Ray C 0. ,7-3 Market.
HOUSES WANTED.
ANTED > FOR TX SM^al-iT^BA^L^Y^LAT
»' or cottage of 4 or 5 rooms and bath; also
storeroom or basement near line of cars to Mail
Dock ; rent not over 918. Address 3522 Twenty-
fourth st.
BOARDING WANTED.
p 1 ENTLEMAN~DESIRES BOARD AND ROOM
VX in private family; San Francisco or Oakland.
Write description and price to F.. 1011% Wash-
ington St., room 4. Oakland. ■
WANTED— .AIISCEL.L.ANEOUS.
pTL^TG^LiErA^fD^uiv^R^B^U^HTTTEW^^
\J ry. watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
IGHEST PRICE FOR CAST-OFF CLOTH-
ing and shoes. BERKOWITZ, 534 Pacific st.
KLL YOUR BOOKo. CLOJ HINI. AND JEW.
Sb.L.L. V v U it BODKo. i.Luim.\h AXUJKW
elrv 10 A. X I.KIN. 109 .^ixcli sr.: M»nd postal.
UOKSE.S. •■".
<_zinn A TRUCK, TEAM AND HARNESB
tIpTrUU. in good order. Apply 38 California st.
T EJBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister St.. S. F.
I £(\ SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND EAR-,
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, boggles, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold, 1128 Mission v.
£.(\(\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAB-
t/UU ness; all kinds: buggy, wagon, carts, surrey
& rockawav, 40 cheap horses. 16"th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
ttU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Six-h St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCC-
I«r. The Hrde Ranch. 630 <'om — frcial st-
VVAOOAS AND CAKKIAGEa.
or" sale^' che^p— gr6"cer~y^wagoi?:
nearly new. Cull at 4035 Eighteenth st.
|?OR SALE— NEW EXPRESS WAGON. DE-
X livery wagons and business buggies, new and
second-band: very "cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
IX dry : milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
I^OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
X" carriages of every description; cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., 8. F.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING LOVES;
0 samples. K. M. II KINK MAN. 109 Sansome st
DENTISTS. ~
PROOMtTIdENTAL ASSOCI A^nONT769IjAR7
\J ketst,, bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists;
only reliable agent for painless extraction : artifi-
cial teeth from 95; fillings from 91; extracting 50
cents, with gas 91.
T/SIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X I prices; first-class results; painless extraction
of teeth. 'Telephone Main 5375. ,W. C. HAR-
DINO'. C.M.. M.1»., 600 Sutter st.. corner Powell.
I\R..LUDLUM HILL, 1443 -_,AK__f ST.
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whe<i
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
11ULL SET OF TEETH, 97; WARRANTED
J. five years: extraction, 60c; fillings, 60c •
crowns, 93 60. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
R.L. T. i EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work »nd teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary at., cor. Grant ava.
<B_'7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A*
tJJS I good as can be made: ailing 91. Dr. SIMMs),
dentist. 9.0 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, 95 up; 13 year*
experience. B. L. WALSH. D.D.a. 81534 Geary.
DX. i-'U.CKETr,I7O3 POST ST., NEAR BU-"
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge wont
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAft
A ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
S^^o'u^^4 W P.I^ TA "^
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80S -tAit-"
Ay ketsu DR. CHARLES W. DECKER:
DR. J. J. LEKK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye— Open evenings: Sun Jars till noon.'
_^"_-^j_ '_','._" "'.-' LUSI. ■ ' ~——~
. OST - S rt(> YOUNG^^KeThOUNDS;' ■ ONE
_hif^« d0 *, wltn Bpots on head, one brindle and
lo^'gtevi-r One red and white ?"*• Return
45t> Steve u son st. ; reward.
■|/'M. 1 r;« '' L - _,HARNESS LEATHER ON
JJ Mission road. Re:urn 94 Stelner; reward.
'-' : ''' 1^ 1^ 9 - ' ' '■ :[ ""■
D^ i^_ 1206 MARKET, COR.
XJ Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
D°hU T T tAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum. 1051 Market st. his SO years'
rocceMful practice is a guarantee of fair ireat__e_i;
me worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. -
. ; . STORAGE.
QTORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE-
t-J proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
f FURNITURE, PIANOS, > TRUNKS: • AD-
X vancea, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR,2O4Pos_
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLId;
• low rate*; fire-proof building-, Eastern .- plan.
PERSONVM^
UuTINE"sB~_L A^T~OF^3irwOULD LIX E "to
JJ correspond with young ls>y : German preferred • -
object matrimony. Address Confidential, box 66,
Call. '_ I ■
L.-MANY THANKS; »ME JUBT RIGHT;
.'will be there sure. ; i c. K.
RS. THOMPSON; : CHUOPODIST, 101%
Grant ave.,jroom 10. • j
XTOUNG MAN OF 37 WOttD LIKE TO COR-
-1 respond with young lady, German preferred;
object matrimony. Address F.D., box 37, Call.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
A Institute, all cases treated »d medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1*29% Market st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Fr» Cisco, Cal.
DV ICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private; no charge tin* ss successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, will, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWKatty-at-liv, 850 Marketst.
A RA BELLA-HAVE BEEN ISING -QUIN-
J\. ON IA" Hair Tonic for my scan and have hail
no trouble; Mr. Lederer (111 Stoikton st.). my
hair-dresser, sells it for 36c a botte; he dresses
your hair jnst too lovely for 26c. EABhLLE.
BAGGAGE HELD FOR UNP.-VJD BILLS AT
the Lapham House, 506 Jones *■. will be sold
at auction on Tuesday, >eptember 1,1896.
TJOLLISTER STABLES, SAN lOSE, RUN
XX stage to Mt. Hamilton at any tln», but be sure
and get In your orders for August 21 Centennial
anniversay; tel. 397. JOHN LEFFIER, propri-
etor, 280 South First st I
1 BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED *1 50;
IUUU show cards, etc. HILL, 22%Geary st.
T ADY, STRANGER IN CJTY, DESKES GEN-
XJ tleman partner. 122 Pos^ St., r00m.2.
IVOHCE AND ANNULMENT tF MAR-
rlage by United States Divorce Burau; legal
everywhere. Add. P. O. box 2432, & F-Cal.
RS. DR. WALLACE HAS MOVE* FROM
20% Stockton to 16% Turk, rms. 1» and 15.
HUSBAND AND WIFE LAWS. BXPERl-
enced Lawyer, 1027 Market, above 91»t,rm,6
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leaver— ortn.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL, FULL
X course six weeks; competent graduates guaran-
teed positions; class forming. 8 Golden Gat» aye.
TI7a"TCH_ JEWELRY REPAIRING. STONE
» 1 engraving, monoerams.cresta; low prices ;vors
guaranteed. J. N. BRITTaIN, 20 Geary St. t
TiAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: F.NK
Hedge put on razor,2sc. Ra_or Exch-e.630Ma.--et
"\rELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BEIWW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstairs
WOMEN'S ELECTRIC SANITARI D m"
rooms 53 Maze building— and scientific
methods for promoting health, beauty. Con, fr»e,
PARTINGTON 'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE •
-land Newspaper Illustration; day and evenltg
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partineton, GertruCe
Partington, R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Plat.
MRS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge?
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47. i
OUTDOOR BTEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
J3 ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad- ■
vertisements in living light; promoters of boat-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 26c to 91 50 per night: 91 50 to 96 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, 915 upward. Cnt-rata
Talorlng Company, Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW*
X- elry, etc. : lowest rates. 848 Market st.
L.D GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
DRESSMAKERS. ~~
TVRES3ES 92 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
U lawn 91 up. 505% Natoma st.. above sixth.
' EDUCATIONAL.
S"^ri^^L^i^Hl)Rf7iAl?D~~AND" BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st. ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
•T>ROF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet, reasonable, 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
LOCUTION AND DRAMA: DELBARTE
thoroughly taught; appearances arranged; 1 to
8 P.K. OLIVE HOFF-SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde St.
\ RES', THE J.EADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; Ufa
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
p UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VX lessons: 93 ma MARY WESTH AUS. 39 Fifth.
T ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACK-
—Jes piano,singiug,French:93rao. R. 4, 1002 Polk.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, ORAMR
X> day & night; noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
R. _ M RS. KOLA N TEACHERS MAN
dolln, guitar, banjo. 935 Market st., Mason
v ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O chanical engineering, survey Ins, architectnre-
tissay : estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
ENGLISH. FRENCH, GERMAN. PIANO,
painting, palmistry, 92 mo. Studio 1422 Hyde.
lANO LESSONS; PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIO
X Conservatory: mod.terms.J. Hyde.
TTRBAN SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.;
U opens July 27, 189«. N. W. MOORE, Prin.
A LMA E. HYER. PIANO, MANDOI-IN, BAN-
-fV. jo studio. 405 Geary, R. 17 ; hours 8-to 10 P. m
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
XT violin, guitar, mandolin, riar.io. 1707 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
pROF. M. il C ARN ELLE.^CLAI R VO Y "ANT
X and business medium, gives advice on business
speculations, Investments, insurance, love, settles
lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and causes
a speedy and happy marriage with the one of your
choice; the earth reveals to him the treasure hid-
den in her bosom: be locates mines, interprets
dreams, tells of your friends and enemies, removes
evil influences and tells you where to go to be suc-
cessful: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy su;
hours from 9 to 9.
ITANA THE GYPSY. i
This remarkable woman has .lust arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: sne reunite* the separated;
causes speedy and happy marriage with the ova
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turk su
MMt PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, card-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents 91; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings 91 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jone t
Tl 1 M_. ARNDT. BESI' FORTUNE TELLER IN'
i<X the world: 50c and 91, shows picture of rnnt
future husband or wiie. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
PROFESSOR WILLIAM TELLS PAST, PRES.
X ent and future; gives names and answers writ-
ten questions: 60c and tip ward, |33 Turk st. i£3
A/I ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELI.d
1»J past, present and future- success to all; for*
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEAi-d
past, present, future: 26c up. 764 Howard st.
IBS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 105 Larkin su. room 2.
A I ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
l'l business advice : names given : 26c up. 5 Fourth.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM -
VX seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles 25c: gents 50c,
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 2^
yrs Kearny. now 929 Post; fee 9l: letter 92.
MRS. KNIGHT, 'CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
; reader; fee 50c: ladies only. 714 Leavenworth.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
-I*l grave: ladies. 25c: gents. 50c. 914 O'FarrelL
s_ A' A_ ISJU.
* VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN Id
MRS. DR. A. D! HOWE.
FEE 91 A UPWARD! FEE 91 & UPWARDI
HOPE, HELP. LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years pant, is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who wilt either call on oi
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succe.ll
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tn«
separated are united; the sick mads strong: th«
poor become rich; If you think your husband, wifa
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortali
who try to imitate her as the eternal heavens ar»
high above the earth. EVER FAILS. She doe*
not know what failure means! Her "Revealaq
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cura
every disease that human flesh fc heir to, ami no
matter of bow long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment _y mall Is always most su>
cessful and satisfac:ory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE 91 «fc UPWARD! FEF $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
. San Francisco.
RB. ISA JULIER, MATERIALIZING MB
• dlum; seances Monday, Wednesday and Frl
day evenings. 109 Taylor st. ■
rpo-NIGHT; 111 LARKIN &T.: MUSICAL AN!
1 literary entertainment, speaking and tests. Ad
mission free. '-_ ,
EST MEETING TO-NIOHT, STITT, CLEM
X ens and others; 10c 336 McAllister. St. skeptici
Invited. ■ ■ .
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET SEAN
J I ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 dally
SPIRITUALISTIC CIECLE TO-NIGHT B1
>J Rev. Mr. Howland; 26c 1 Fifth St.. parlor 1.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM)
sittings 91; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak.
T IFE-READINOSBY REV. MR. HOWLAND
I; 91. 1 Fifth St.. parltrl. .
~ ASTKULOGY. .
T^TRAITsEE R^pTtOF.^^ HOISiEsTTe DD YJB
xx 6 and 7; horoscopes, questions, advice, corre
spondence. • '.'■ - ■
ASTROLOGY. .AND MEDICINE NATIVITIES
or questions answered: Prof. Howari's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde at., 10 to 3.
, WRITERS.
EMINOTONrS4pT9TS 7 SEM) FOR SAMPLI '
work. SCOTT 4- BAN NAN, S3- MontgomeryBTTST'V'RSS 'FANCTS. I
q_ Q A~^>Li£eST^Aßlf^HE^COß n'Sr" sX
>'*J\.r. loon on Sang me st. doing large day
business: best class of c Htom ; only buyers need
apply. WILKE. 631 Ca' °rnia s:.
<3il AAA CORNER^ ALOON; SURROCND-
•IIiuUu. Ed by wa e lloUses and commission-
stores; with living- roo- is : owner kept place 10
years; rare chance. yILKE, 531 California st.
<J_jnnfl cornkj drench LIQUOR-
tiTTWv/IJ. store; e*abllshed 20 years: stock on
hand worth the mot'y: horses; wagons: living-
rooms. WILKE <ft yOLF, 631 California su
•SJ99AA CORNFR GROCERY AND BAR;
<S>Z_.UU. Wester Addition; doing large busi-
ness; rare chance. tVILKE. 531 California st.
"<_>99A/\ SHOB-TORE; CHOICEST LOCA-
«Jp _j _.UU. lion: »rge cash custom: kept by
present owner 10 yars; very rare chance: inves-
tigate soon. W LX- WOLF, 531 California st.
"5; I IAA WIN! CELLAR: ESTABLISHED
»7l I \J\J. years in business center: doing im-
mense bar trade; 'cry low rent; owner to retire;
greatest bargain, WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. _^
_» ;nn si' a v rant, DOING LARGE
<£ OUU. busies: rent $27 50; Western Addi-
tion; owner ker place for years: must eaciiac«:
investigate at «ace: very rare chance. \VILK_,
<fc WOLF, 631 California St. \
q^: A COINER SALOON ON GEARY ST.;
«3* OOU. low rent; good business; great bar-
gain. WILKI & WOLF, 531 California SU
TTTrF BF-VNCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
I -.0. co'ee parlors: 3 furnished rooms; re-
ceipts average $5 day: rent low for the location;
cause slckne.- Bee A BRETT, 1125 Market St.,
cigar-stand.
©QAA CV2TDY-STORE— ICECREAM SODA
(IpOuU. funtaiu; complete outfit for making
candy; finer fitted up: doing good business; No,
1 location; >est reasons for selling: fine place for
two ladles: candy can be made in the store: trial.
See BARRETT at 1125 Market St., cigar-stand.
<£_r>rn BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
«3)OoU. and candy store; 4 living-rooms; low
rent: dolig business of f 8 to $lv per day; same
party 3 yars. See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.,
at cigar-f and. '■
-(• FRUIT AND VEGETABLE ORE;
Li)V. bent location; receipts average $15 a
day; h'rse and.wascon; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT. 1 128 Market st,
"VTOTCE— DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR
_\ business promptly? HEALY, 23 Kearny si.
<•_ (' C LIQUOR SALOON, MARKET ST.;
C"l O. business of $18 per day: trial before
purer-sing. . pply W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny su
(%7' CIGAR-STAND NKAR THIRD AND
«_! l-». Mission; call to-day. HEALY, 23
Keomy st.
>X iF THK FINEST CORNER GROCERY
md bar: line of cable-cars; all fresh goods; 4
livlig- rooms: bar trade $12 per day. HEALY, 23
Ke;rny st.
Ti YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUBI-
-1 oes». LUBELSKI _ CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
QOAA BLACKSMITHING BUSINESS IN
jJOV/V/. Santa Cruz: established 12 year-?: do-
ln? a line business and is in a good location; if
y>u warn a business of this kind call and see us
a once. LUIiELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye,
j F YOU WANT A Bl .-.INE.NS OF ANY KIND
L let us show you some fine places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI A CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
Gi'-J^A FRUIT AND PRODUCE: ELEGANT
«roO_»\7. place; best location in the city; three
nice living-rooms: cheap rent; good tix turf s; hap
fine horse and waron and doing a first-class busi-
ness. OKU. STEWART, 602 Market st.
ffilCA FA XT WANTED; SALOON;
•_ I«'V. pood corner location; big stock: fine
fixtures; cheap at $250: see to-day. GEO.
fc-TE ART, 602 Market »t.
UYKRS PLEASE TAKE NOTICE—
following bargains will be found at 632 Mar-
ket St.. room 8, formerly Stenberg <St Co.
<3«1 tl*r BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS; LIV.
Ol — -«-'• me: rooms furnished: cheap rent; more
than value in sight: must be sol 1 at sacrifice;
leaving city. STENBERO CO.. 632 Market St.
OTEL TO LKASK FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brink building, con- 1
taining £8 rooms; also ground-floor and well- |
lii;h ed basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block froAi Baldwin Hotel and
J- inform building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sa.e on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars Apply 10 B. SILV_.ItBERG, 320
t-ansome St.. room 39
\V' ANTED- PARTY TO FURNISH $250 TO
' ' take out a patent and manufacture working
model, an invention: frictionless gearing for I
bicycles, electric cars, etc.: more speed and no
wear; one-fourth interest to party furnishing the
money; a sure fortune in a short time. Call or ad-
dress ALLEN & KRONEN BEKG; 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland.
T/OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST, AND
J best-known liquor-stores, in the very heart of
the city, together with a fine stock of wines,
liquors, etc; fixtures in first-class order; to those
looking for business this is the best stand In city;
sickness the cause of sole. Address for particu-
lars K. M.. box 100. Call.
GOOD PAYING BAKERY FOR hAL.v, i.\
county seat of 8000 inhabit nts: half block
from courthouse; cheap rent: 6 living rooms:
good wagon route and store trade. For particulars
inquire in Loan office, 39 Fourth st. . 1
QiQnfi SALOON NEAK SA.V^JMK ST. ; |
t£)O\l\.'. 1 •- used 850, barber-shop Included; rent j
paid to September 1 : net rent $27: books shown; I
parents' objection reason for selling. Address
Bargain box 67. Call Office. .
QUA 7 ' RESTAGRANT OF LARGE CAPAC-
O"i •O. lty; lone established : no Incumbrance;
doing good business; well worth $700 cash; a rare
opportunity; Investigate. H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market st. '
LOR STATIONERY AND VARIKTT
X 1 store; also fine confectionery and the business;
day and night school trade; tine soda fountain.
For further particulars address A. H., box li:7. Call.
at*;: -f\ SALQON ON MARKKT ST.; AVER-
<Jr«JOV/. age daily receipts 820; rent only $50:
owner must leave city on account of sickness.
Inquire in wine cellar, 541 California st. •
(J_9*r,, RESTACRANT: POSITIVELY
«4P_ iO<*. worth $500: owner must sell at once
on account of sickness: receipts $20 per day; rent
$22 50. D., box 1!»9, Call Office.
O, 'pA partner wanted IN genteel
(JpOUU. business that will clear $200 a mouth;
no experience required; a chance seldom offered,
917 Market St., room 1.
<_*->AA HALF OF FINE BUSINESS; 20
• >'"'. miles from San Francisco; $75 month
_ud oar Ito each guaranteed. 4081 Nineteenth
street, near Castro. -.
\\T ANTED — ESTABLISHED COaL" AND
*T wood business: centrally located and must
clear at leas: $150; no agents. Address Buyer,
box 77. Call Office.
IMNE OPENING FOR A C 1 1 V DRY-GOODS
1 man In rapidly growing neighborhood; cor.
Third aye. and Clement St., with 4 rooms: Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANt-Ki.S, 101 California su
OOD 'OPPORTUNITY; SE_LI.N<i OUT TO
close estate: business esU since 1869: amount
Deeded $40,000: owner will remain If ana gem— _
can be made. Address F. D., box 187. Call Office.
I7<OR BALE IN SAN JOSE— WELL- PA YING
' loan office: established in 1872; pre&entowner
retiring account of old age. Address A. GREEN-
BERG, San Jose, CaL
E' "XTRA CHANCE FOR A GOOD GENERAL
blacksmith, where most c f the rent Is taken out
In work. Inquire at 706 Ivy aye., C_,aßi.__
ALPK.-S. . ..
AT AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. < OWAN BUYS
stores; necOMates mortgages on merchandise:
Fells on commiselon. Room 15,26 Montgomery."
OR BARGAINS IN RbSTAU HANTS, SA-
loons, cigar stands, coalyards, grocery and bars,
etc., see UNDERWOOD & CO.. 76 Market st.
RANCH BAtvEt'Y AND NOTION-STORE;
good business: 4 sunny rooms: large yard; a
bargain. I 12-.0 Jackson su. cor. Leaven.
\\T ANTED— PARTNER WITH $100 1 OR ES-
IT tablisbed Cindy and icecream parlor, i*o6
Seventh Uh Market-su station, Oakland.
I ARGAIN; SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $16
I* to $18 dally; rent $20: .near San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT. 218 California st.
LOR BALr.-A GOOU PAYING SAL-JON AND
I I clear sta d. centrally local d. inquire wicil-
MAN, LUTGEN _ CO., 318 Clay st.
A_OON AND LIQUOR-STORE; BUSINESS
speaks for Itself; must sell at once; will in-
voice stock. Call to-day 236 t«;ast si.
"L^OK CHEAP: A «OOD LITTLE BUSI-
X ness in a market: no Sunday or (light work;
small capital required. 110 Ellis st.
S" ALOON FOR SALE AT ONE OF THE BEST
corners In the city: doing a good business.
Ho"ri 88, Chionlole building.
..Kj.a •■■ II.JLT_ « X EVENING BUL-
\J letln for sale; clears $95; 82000. Apply 962
Proa-l"a>-. Oakland. ■■'.- --
.», ANTr.D-LAJ>Y i" TAKE HALF INTER-
V> t-.t in boarding-nouse. MRS. P., box ti, Call
Office, Oakland, • - v
INTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
1 will pay *150 per month; price $4000. Apply
nils office. '' ''^ ',,• _____"
r<OOD-PAYING BAKERY FOR SALE. IN-
»T quire C hEIBT, U. S. Bakery, box 326.
Petal v ma. '
AIRY PRODUCE AND DELICACIES
store. 4 living rooms, for sale, cheap. 1008
Hyde
INGLE EXPRESS RIO AND STAND FOR
sale. Ai'p.y grocery. Seventeenth and Dolores.
-.'OAA PARTNKR WANTED; IRON AND
-jpZUU. wire works; see owner. 1286 Mission.
ALOO.V " TO~LET: FIXTURES FOR SALE
cheap: everything con pete. 701 Battery st.
OTKLTO KEIJTTTURN"rrL-RE FOR SALE,
226 Michigan, Union Iron Works, Potrero.
<_.QAAA FOR HALF -INTEREST IN .MAX-
«IroUUU afacturliiK biislne-s. 328 _ush.room4.
/^ROCI-RY-STORE.FOR SALE; SIOItK TO
VJf let; fine location. Cor. Duncai. and Guerrero.
IGAR. STATIONERY STOKE; GOOD LOCA-
V tion; rent $10. SKIFF A CO., 921 Market St.
/GENTLEMAN PARTNKR WANTED (GKR-
VJ man preferred) by Udy. R. 10, 122 Post St.
PARTNER II $100 IN GOOD BUSINESS;
X handle own money. P., box 72, Call office.
ARNESS SHOPFOK CHEAP. APPLY
L. D. s>TO;v _ CO., Sau Francisco, CaL
IFIKST - CLASS SALOON, fI—TURkT* COM-
X plete, for sale cheap. A ppiy 201_EUis su .
SALOON; LONG LEASE; LOW.; RENT. AP-
p'y at Anchor Brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
FORhAI.I— C OFKKK-MILL AND SCALES.
inquiru 633 Birch aye., near Laguna st.
BUSINESS CHAJfCKS— Contlnqod.
ROCERY STORE, 3 ROOMS AND FIX-
IJT tures, to rent: corner Fifteenth and Noesth.:
low rent.
0" YSTER AND CHOP HOUSE, $450; FINE
place; other business.' 921 Market
<2«r»Ail MILK ROUTE: 12 CANS, 3 HORSES,
tgUUU. wagon. Apply 866 Mission si.
<8t 1 £\A GOt)i», CHEAP DOWNTOWN BUSI-
C tlll> - ness. 722 Howard St. • ■'• __
_O_»tiIN«»-M<>LS>_.S J-Oii SALK.
90-so6m^house! ' " ' ~~"
_--5 new furniture.—
ROOMS ALL RKNTED
- CLEARING $100 — •
PRICE, $1200
$600 BALANCE: $25 PER MONTH
NO INTEREST.
25-room corner house ..:.. $1400
9 rooms dealing $50 per m0nth....... 300 I
10 rooms on Taylor, clearing $50 400 I
12 rooms, only $160 cash and payments HOD |
20 rooms, corner, 0n1y......... 1500
14 rooms, $100 cash, balance payments 300
50 bouses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 t0....... 5000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS PLACES.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
TENBERGCO 632 MARKET ST.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL.
12 rooms, sunny corner, 1 floor ....$ 450
i»S rooms, corner, vicinity of Baldwin 800
35 rooms, none better, clear* $175.. 120U
42 rooms, clears $125. trial given 800
60 rooms, most prominent corner, 35 offices per-
manently rented, 16 rooms pay rent.
1 KA ROOMINGI- HOUSES FOR CASH AND
XOv payments: see our houses and prices before
buying. UNDERWOOD <_ CO., 765 Market st,
99 ROOMS; NO REASONABLE OFFER BE-
>-— fused; investigate. 123 Market st.
$1 F^AA 9-ROOM~HOUSE; SUNNY SIDE;
».Ir«JUU. furniture almost new. 706 Ellis St.,
room 5 . ■ , r
<_.rrA 11 ROOMS, ELEGANTLY FUR-
«Jr»JOU. nlshed: wamut; north of Market; rent
$45; clears $50; cause sickness. SKIFF _ CO.,
821 Market at. - .
UOARDING-HOUSE; 26 ROOMS; RENT $35:
-D selling account sickness. 11l Twenty-sixth
St., near Mission. • '
_-*jK>IT*JK~; 1 ox; s.a__.
I,'lRfc; SALe! >
X 1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard , &5
Linoleum, per yard....... 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. comer Seventh and Mission si— J.
NOON AN.
4 T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
J\ lowest prices on household c^ods. new or gooi
as new ; cash or time, open evenings. •
AIU\ CAKPtTS; CHAMBER BETS, $11:
"tV'U stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed v
flO: bed- ounges. $7. T. f>. .MCCARTHY 113 4ca.
™ HRMXIK- WANT_I>.
WANT : FURNITURE AND OFFlCE"fTx-
tures of any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 city Hall aye. ■
"BUCKINGHAM F_*lt ITU RE CO PAYS
X> highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st. ■. ■ . ,
HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FCKNI- '
tore. J. CURTIS. 1.39 Market; send postaL
SELLFURNITURKTO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVERST-1N.969 Howard st. ;send postal
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
• est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
1F YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
1F YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FLRNt-
X tare and merchandise see BURD, -11 Larkin.
DIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' Auc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
~ CAKPJfcM" CtEAMSO.
"foNEa^-Tco^ "MA IN~OFFlC_i '"_6^XS:ir_7
0 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 10t>l. .
ARPKT CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING. 3c.; RUG
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratum. 19 Bth st.
KtAT WESTERN CARPET-BKATIXU
\X works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 8c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
YVHEN YOU BECOME DIbGUSTEI; WITH
• 1 poor worK send toSPAULDING'-SPioneerCat-
pet Beating Works, 853-57 Tehama su : tel. So. 4U.
/ >UN KLIN'S CARPET I'KATIA'U WORK- JJi
v> Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 1-6.
ITY bIKAMCARPKTLLKANINU.RENOV'A
ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel *outh 250.
t~VARP_TS cleaned AND RENOVAT-D
KJ like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth; t_.
.fcouth 38. . D. MACKINTOSH 4 CO.. successors.
~j X MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. •> U
«> . 14tli sr. : ff-aning ac « yard. Tel. Mission 7l
BICYCLES.
T ;^R~^FTrA^^wTi_l^s^sT^^ i
XJ Ben Hur, $60: Tribune, $50: Ben Hur Tan- i
dem and "'96" Fowler, almost new. DAVIS
BROS., 25 Gear}- st, . ....... ......... . ...,. ■..-■ .
i>lCYCl>fc.s AND TAXDKMS BELOW COST
i> to close out stock. W. CRANK, «24 Post St.,
"VJEW AND SECOND-HAND BICYCLES AND
-1 tandems at a sacrifice; $10 t<p: must be sold.
119 Twenty-seventh St., nr. Guerrero; evenings
and Sundays. .
OR SALE— NKW 1896 r'CLE; $30.
r DAVID N. HAWLEY, 318 Market St.
JWINFIELD PEARSON, 216 LLIHTER.
0 . Headquarters Lu-rai-.num and Thistle bicycles
BARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
1 * single wheels 306 Post st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _E"tT
X best accommodations. Termin— « Geary, Mo-
Alllster and Powell st. rnr lines.
i-uil s.ILK-JllsCiiLLA.Mious.
HANDSOME WHITiT SE wTnC^M A-
»I?iO, chine; 5 drawers; complete: new style
attachments; cause departure. 704 Pine st. 1
• .LOWER GARDEN; 3 GREENHOUSES;
X residence: water: all complete, j 809 Larkin st.
I[^OR SALE CHEAP— 85-HOR.SKPOWER
engine, boiler, shafting and puiley*. W. E. LEE,
Twenty- fourth St. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
fljj-l Q NICE LIGHT BUGGY. 115 SECOND
twXO. st, upstairs.
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— ' cine; good as new; $90. Apply 216 Bay st.
T~ARGE ROULETTE WHEEL; COST
1 J price $200. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
PICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN.,
X 10c.: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c. ; Ilxl4and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c.; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x
24. 45c: 22x28 in., 60c. JONES, 547 Miss on st.
<_• IMA BUILDING ON LEASED LOT; SUIT-
C I ' " '• able for grocery. W. CRANE. 324 Post.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHtLV-
-1 > ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission st.
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER,
$45: others lrom $20 up. REVALK, 309 Cat.
OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington »t.
O ILKRS, A N D MACHI NKR Y.
waterptpes. - Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Beala.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES and have
them repaired: separate parts sold- and shipped.
Pan Francisco Baby Carriage MTg. Co., 44 1 Sixth.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
XT order: 2 Adams prtg presses; power. 616 Mission
C-OUNTKKB, SHE LV I NO. SHOWCASES
> boaghtani sold. 1121 Vs Market, bet. 7th _ Bth.
UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SA!»H__
1 goo re. mantels, etc for gale. 1166 Mission.
Ms. .-MA_L MKlilVil AND LARUiO SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market %-..
IjilKfc AND BURGLAR KAFK, LETTKa-
X I press, platform scales and desk :cbean. 10- Clay.
TEW RANGED CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1> hand. vV . s. RAY Mfit Co.. 1- California st. *
SEWING MA CHINKS.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
■l— rented, repaired: lowest rates. 206 Fourth »v
VJEW FAMILY SINGERS FOR RKNT, »1 60
-> per month: V. S. lingers, $_■ 1559 -Market.
3IU*3ICAL, IKsTKUJI-iM'si
N ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters .on Market
su are entirely too small; I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 526 Haves su, between
Ortavia and Lacuna, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly ; as I buy lor cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
tban any other music bouse in San ' Francisco.
Respect yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
SPLENDID UPRIGHT PI A NO; A BARGAIN.
0 At Sher.tt's Storage-house. 211 Larkin su
BA RG A IN-S7O, GOOD UPhIGHT. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st., next Uibernla Bank.
PAIR OF KINK MARSHALL &" WENDELL
uprights, $125 each: call and see our bargains.
MAUVA.I". 769 Market h u
ft 1 PvA NEW BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT
»JT) I OKJ. Boston make piano. BRUENN'S, 228
Post st. <f ... . , ... ■;
\A(\ BARGAIN: Nil PIANO FOR KALE
__________ easy Installments. v:2l Leavenworth.
ANOTHER SPKCIAi., INDUCKMENT FOR
-X purchasine from Sherman, Clay _ Ca; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
$6 cash payment required: every .instrument
tnarameed. SHERMAN. CLAY <fe ■ CO., cor.
Kearnr and Sinter sts.. Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stein way _ Sons' pianos. :: - ■ ■ -
ACTUALLY THE B_BT BARGAINS IN
pianos, both - new and • second-hand at THE
F. W. Si'KNCEBCO.'s warerooms,933Marketst.
G. BADGER. aOLK AGENT FOR HALLET
♦<fc Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 .->ac'to
KFOK- BUY ING SEE H AINE BROS.' RUsH
_ Gens and Knabe pianos: at •- wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCKQKP _ CO.; 324 Pos: 8U
1 HICKEItINU. KNABK KTKCK.VOSE.BTKR-
V^ ling pianos; see our now piano for $187; piano*
or renu BKNJ. CURTAZ _ --ON. lUCFarrali.
YiiOiV.JiAUZY, :<W* POST ST. — soh__ i,
Newby 4 Kvant. ''rices find other pianos. "■; -.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
iJ ii. -IULLUR. maker, repairer, . Latham plaoe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
HOUSES TO tKT^
r7Tf7v7^U^H^HOUi?E 8 ROOMS AND BATH;
Zl U I rein reasonable. Call 10 to 4, on premises.
OUSEB TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. ' -'■"-.----.
1 i) PAGE— HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND LARGE
1 -^ sUble.
__-_____________________-—-—---—_——
QPLENDID 12-ROOM HOUSE, 3392TWENT"S-
-0 first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable, for board'
Ing or private residence: very row rent Pee it. •
COTXA.tr— XO L_l.
flj Q^A^^6TVA^E^^ r B'R?>ol_sr^BiPß6s-
vpV.OKJ. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts., oft Mission.
OAfi ELEGANT COTTAGER, HOUSES AND
*.i\J\J flats, Western Addition, *12 up. SPECK <fc
CO.. 60_ Market st.
FLATS _O ___-.
©TO 529 BROADWAY, -NR. MONTGOM^
<IP 10. cry aye.— Entire • upstairs; i 3 rooms.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St..
SE. COR. PAGE AND _YON— NEW FLAT; 8
rooms, bath : modern; low rent to good tenant.
Apply on premises.
A PL Q7 EIGHTEENTH —UPPER AND
j<~HJI lower; 4 and brooms ami bath; $11 aud
$13. ' ' '
■VT ICE SUNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS. BATH; $15.
Xi 3012 Twenty-sixth st., cor. Florida.
SUNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS, BATH AND YARD.
12 Shotwell St., nr. Fourteenth.
a»1 O LOWER FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS:
<PX'<a. yard. 4a Shotwell.
90 RINCON PLACE, RINCON HILL, OFF
— O Hairison St., between First and Second— Half
of sunny house: fireplaces In parlors; view of bay.
djTTQ ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
«4P XO. 6 rooms, bath. 135 San Jose aye- nr. 24th.
p HOICE SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
bath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
<Jl9*> C/\ NICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 6
<Bs_j_.«_JV. large rooms; bath; water. 1134
Howard st •
ATEW MODERN SUNNY 4-ROOMED FLAT.
JL\ 6 Tremont aye., near Waller st,, G. G. Park.
Q/I9 GROVE, ..NEAR FILLMORE— LOWER
Ci_ flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; bath; basement; yard; $25.
1 7A« POST — ~3 "AND ~~~i ROOM SUNNY
1I UP flats; garden, bath: $13 and $16. ■
I OWER FLAT 4 ROOMS, BATH, YARD. 28
1- Lapidge st , bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth. .
LATS TO KENT Fort VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
IfLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH; GOOD MARINE
' view. 21U6 Leavenworth it., bet. Filbert and
Greenwich.
ffiii/' WATER FREE: LOVE V UPPER
«]pl U. modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
C«s:rocars. 4073 Twenty-third St.; key 4075.
LKIiANT NEW FLATS. E NTH ST., BK-
T- low iirvant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16. '
UOUb£K-_FLN- KOO3IS.
T~~ Brady Street.
79 BRADY, BET. TWELFTH AND THIR-
iLi teentb, off Market— 3 unfurnished rooms.
1 uuy street.
Q"l 7 EDDY-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.NICE-
OX I ly furnished: splendid loca.ion; private
family. . . ■
Eighth Street.
"I AQ EIGHTH— FURNISHED HOUBEKEEP-
-IUO ing sunny bedroom and kitchen.
Ellis Street.
m ELLIS— SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR; 3
• UD rooms; nicely furnished; also single.
Fifth Street.
Q-I A FIFTH-SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN,
OJL"i sink, water, batb; private family; $8.
I'illmore Street.
OOAQI FILLMORE. ■ NEAR CLAY— 2 FUR-
Z.S\J(j-i nished rooms, $10; 3 unfurnished, $10.
fourth street.
_Q7 FOURi H— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
'it/ I plete for housekeeping; private.
Howard Street.
1 AF\A HOWARD ST.— SUNNY FRONT FUR-
I I'.JU nisbed housekeeping rooms; double and
single. y . . . - . . '
1 UC\C\ HOWARD— TWO FRONT BAY-WIN-
-1 DUD dow rooms; gas; housekeeping; private
family ; rent cheap.
1 QAf* HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH— B
1 OUU or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms: *8.
Market Street. 3
9AQA MARKET— ELEG ANTL\ FUR-
J-\to\J nished suite; bath; gas stove; kitchen;
$17. ' . - - - -
JU as on >treet. .
C-| i Mason— 2 or 3 rooms ON BASEMENT
OX 1 floor for housekeeping: private family. ■
jui.ua *-treei.
9AQ MINNA — 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
-Uu for housekeeping. -,
jf> MINNA— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
iJ"iU plete for housekeeping: large yard.
- .-.hi: -. itio..
1917 MISSION — NEWLY RENOVATED
X— l iX 1 sunny front suite for housekeeping.
Moss street.
1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NR SEVENTH— 3
It) furnished rooms lor housekeeping.
>atomn Street. •
9_Ll NATOMA, BET. THIRD AND FOURTH-
- iL Nicely furnished single and housekeeping
rooms from $1 up.
Oo_ NATOMA, NKAR4TH-3 FURNISHED
AOrt housekeeping rooms: very convenient.
Ninth Street.
91 NINTH— FURNISHED FRONT ■ BAY-
— * 1 window room; lls-hi housekeeping: also single.
Norfolk Street. ~* "
9 NORFOLK, OFF HARRISON, NEAR
"J_( Eleventh— Sunny separate building of bed-
room and kitchen; furnished for housekeeping;
running water: yard; call upstairs.
Point l.nh.H Avenue. .
91 "1 ft POINT LOHOS AYE.— TWO SUNNY
-» 1 1 O front rooms furnished for housekeeping ;
also single. r'" " . -
Kixth Street.
19A SIXTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FOR
X— .V/ housekeeping: also single.
1 JQ SIXTH, (OR. HOWARD-FURNISHED
1 10 or .-unfurnished rooms tor housekeeping;
rent cheap.
South I'arK. ~~
1 A SOUTH PARK - FURNISHED ROOMS
X \J for housekeeping; sun all day. ■/'.-
'leh»m» Street.
_[7 TEHAMA-3 FURNISHED HOtJBEKE_P.
rt I ing rooms and bath, $13.
AAK TEHAMA — LARGE** SUNNY FRONT
ittO room and kitchen: complete for bousekpg.
'iMl'il Mi«B.
C 1 Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK — FUR-
OX U nlshed housekeeping rooms.
\ _v k(H Avenue.
9Q9 VAN NKSS AYE., COR. GROVE-NEW-
_•)_. ly furnished apartments for housekeeping*
2 or 3 rooms.
ano VAN NKSS AYE.-8 UNFURNISHED
*Jv^ rooms for housekeeping; 1 front sunny.
. SI is 11 1111 co us.
2 OR 3 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING NEAR
park. A. L., box 82, all.
O SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS: BATH;
0 basement. Key at 19 Hampton place, off Foi-
som St., bet. second and Third. /
ROOMS TO LET.
luliliiiniii street. -
1 /19^ A CALIFORNIA-FURNISHED ROOMS
X'i-'U $6 and $9 for gentlemen; references.
Eddy Place. ' ,- - , .
'9A EDDY-FURNISHED DOUBLE ROOM.
OO\j $6 upward: single $3 50 a month. ■-•■
— '_ii:<i ■ übo.. '
SHERMAN ATARI MKKT HOUSE. 7* BTH
St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
■ i-.iis Street.
rpHB . RAMONA. 130 JSLLTS: MRH. : KATR S.
1 MART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly lurnlshed: elevator: hot cold wat,er.
91 _Te LLIS— 2 ELEGANT. FRONT SUNNY
—.1 "i suites; also 2 rooms for housekeeping.
Q9l .ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O_j i lodging we recommend the Rosedale House.
OOP. ELLIS — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
Q—.O parlor suite first floor: housekeeping rooms.
791 ELLIS— SUNNY ROOM; USE OF BATH;
I _ < L rent reasonable. '.  , .
Fifteenth Street.
99-1 7 FIFTEENTH— S ROOMS AND BATH:
__■_ jX I will room for rent. ■■ ■-■■..
." '■■...,- ;.«u«._ry,.-^.r»a». •'."'
91 71 GEARY— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
— , iX iie rooms; key 217. -'-.-' .■-.'..■. •
rig GEARY - SUNNY FR (NT PARLOR
tilt" bedroom suites and • single : housekeeping;
cheap. ■ •■- ■■'!■•-•■■-.;-■ . ; . '■■■■• -.---.-■..■.;- ■• ■■-..
. ..uiueu : Oate Avenue.
A 1 (A GOLDEN GATE AVE.—^UNNY, FUR-
_JLD nished alcove and adjoining room. - -^
KOOMS 'TO LET— Continued.
Grove Street.
-1 ne GROVE-NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
X\JO front room; rent $7. ' -
Guerrero Street.
5 GUERRERO ST.. OFF MARKET-UN
nlshed sunny front room, with alcove; cheap.
Howard .Street,
rr(\A HOWARD, CORNER THIRD- FINELY
I U*f furnished front rooms, suite or single;
housekeeping.- ' •' "
' Jones Street.
OAT .'ONES-THK VAN WJNKLK: NEW
— jU I management: elesrans tunny suites and
finale: newly iurni*ihe<i: bath, etc.: Blu to»:-ti>,
OAI JONES— ELEGANTLY FU NISHED
OUI sunny rooms; hoc and cold water; private
family. ' - ■ '
V Ar JONES-2 PLEASANT SUNNy ROOMS;
OUO nicely furnished; hot and cold water.
" " - ; tjarny Street.
on KEARNY-FURNISHED CONNECTING
O\) rooms, ■ suitable for gentlemen; electric
lights; tourists solicited. -....-
-', HLIBOTUK HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
/V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; lirst
class in every '- respect; terms reasonable. •
■Lurkln Street.
A On LARKIN, SE.COR.TURK-FURNISHED
•±ZU front room. $7; fireplace.
Lewis Street. \
1 Q LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POBT-4
J O furnished rooms; $15; water free.
■*•--*____ »• ct»:..'.
nr a MARKET, COR. STOCKTON-NTCELY
OOU furnished front sunny rooms for offices.
1 AA7 MARKET— ELEG ANT FRONT SUITE,
IUU I suitable doctor; newly furnished, single;
transient. -. • : *: . ' ' • ■■ ' \
V«i*KAtITK HOU&K, 1045 MARKKT— rt-K
1 night, 36»t0 $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
rTHE CHESTER, 1049 a MARKET — UNDER
X new management: first-class •in every re-
spect; gas. running water, elevator service; ele-
gantly furnished suites and single rooms: also
offices by day, week or month; reasonable; 3 min-
utes to City Hall: cars to all points of the city. • '
aiacon Street.
Qf)C MASON, NEAR GEARY— CALL AND
O^O see -an elegant sunny suite; bath; rent
reasonable.
McAllister Street.
O9AI MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL—
<__iV2 Furnished at.d unfurnished rooms, en
suite or single, suitable for offices.
' Minna Street.
£>/->7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-wludow rooms: $1 per week.
; Mint Avenue.
Q/f MINT AYE.. OFF FIFTH, MARKET—
_-t: Rent reduced: furnished, sunny bay-window
rooms, single or en suite; other nice rooms $1 50 wk.
jilfebion M I'D*..
Qi" MISSION-FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS
010 suitable for 1 or 2 persons, $1 25 up.
'Matonia Street.
7AI NATOMA, COR. EIGHTH — FUR-
IUI nlshed or unfurnished rooms to leu
Pine Street.
/ill PINE ST., NEAR STOCKTON-SINGLE
011 rooms $4 ana $5 per mo.; private family.
■ I'ulk Street,.
I 99A POLK-3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
I—.—.U rooms: rent reasonable.
San Carlos Avenue.
nor; ban CARLO* AYE.-6 rooms AND
-.-.U bath; water included; $.0. :.-.'■
Sausome Street.
Q-I n SANSOME — NICE SUNNY ROOMS.
OxO newly furnished, $3 monthly and upward;
housekeeping rooms.
. Stevenson Street.
CO-OPERATIVE HOUSE. 8.9 RTEVENBON-
\J Rooms clean and cheap; read ing- -
.— 1 1 «r tret*..*
rAA SETTER. COR. POWELL — LARGE
OUU sunny front suite, furnished or unfurnished.
~AQ SUTTEK, COR.TAYLOR-ELEGANTLY
IWO newly furnished sunny rms. ; suite or single.
"I I AQ SUTTER, CORNER POLK— LIGHT
XX*iO housekeeping; nicest rooms; lowest
price: transients,
Taylor Street.
lAQ TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
JLU*/ double room: bath and closet; $2 a week. .
Miscellaneous." . ■
SUNNY SUIT': AT THE WINDEMERE,
cor Bnsh and Van Ness aye.. - or 3 rooms: bath
KOAKUI.NU AMi KOOMS.
X :L L^NT~^?A^LE~BOAir6
VXD for 1 or 2 blngle gentlemen: small sunny
rooms; lath, etc.: $25; private family.
J'JQ GEARY— ELEGANT. SUITE OF PAR-
rtOu lon. with first-class board-
/I 19 EDDY — 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
11- with board: $45 for couple.
OTr.L, JJKK'J'LINIi. '<1. i-ISH-A FAMILY
hotel: references _lve_ and reiiuUvd; all mod-
em ronv4»nien< % ■ . . •-.
STOU-S TO LKT.
I^TToIT^RO^E^N^r^oXK^TORE^AND
i- ' 3 rooms: fixtures. etc.; good stand for grocer.
Apply too. H. UMBSEN& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
QTORE AND B~LIVING-ROOMB, 1233 PAGE
0 St.: rent low, Apply 1235 Page st. • ■
OFFICES TO LET.
rpoTL^T^DOCTOR'i" OFfTcEI WELL-"
X known and good practice. 1307 Stockton st.
TORE WITH 2 LIVING-ROOMo; 462
_Halght St., corner of Fillmore.
QPRE(3kELa BUI LDINO, 927 MARKET-
-0 Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up; electrlo-tlght;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery tit.
- - STOKES WANTED.
I x" 411 DUP'JNT ST., NEAIt BUSH. ASn-
•4P 10. TON GARMNEB,4II Montgomery st.
\\l ANTED— CORNER , STORK WI I'll ROOMS
*» suitable for grocery; or will buy business if
res»tonHb!e. Address 11. H-. box 1"5 'nil.
— — - ____________ .
__K_>lO-_L_
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well:
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $_;
hours from » a. _• to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. _ .
LL CASES OF IRREUULARITIKS HE-
stored ■in a few hours; safe and sure relief
ruaratiteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 80 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult th»
doctor before going elsewhere: you win save tlma
and expensn; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WY-TH. 916 Pos'- st., near Larkia.
ANEW process-no MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own . physician for all . female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores . always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
marl's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
ALPEAU.'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON. TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and surer $2 60 express CO. iD.t don'tdelay
until too late. ■ OBGOOD BHOB.. Oakland, Cal.
MEN-GREEN'S guaranteed CURE;
X greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness*- cure guaranteed or money re-
turned; trial free. Agent, KELLY, 102 Eddy st.
URE CURE FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASE-*,
from .. whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort;. satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GVV YKR, 226 Turk st. ■- ..-
-1 \KS>. OOODWIN.-J.l-JEASK.S WOMEN SPE-
U. dally: unexcelled in restoring irregularity or
other conditions; home in confinement: best care:
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
rs. DR. WEGENER TAKES ladies be-
fore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
into good Jiomes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
j Jones. '■» Diseases of women and children.
R-.J.A. ACHaRD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement: 25 yra' experience. 555 Mission.
RS. M. R. RODGERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
JFiRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI-KASE
see MR3.DR, PUETZ and be content. 264',. 4th.
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. I MR— ~
PR Fr.Vl XX. 1416 K!ghth St.. AlnrnMa.
;: ; .; ATTOKJNiiYS-AT-LAW. v ■••■;-';
TfoT?TlrTinioo^^rVvY E rTI'STTa'rROTT
_\ building; consultations free;; moderate fees.
DVJCB FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC!-
A ally; private: bo charge nnless successful: all
lawsuits, claims, collection.!, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, atfy-at-law. 850 Market.
LEGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and confidential. - J.
G. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery St., room 18.
DVICF" FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
cesHful. W.W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. -
YV~*\ ARAM. ATT'Y- A W,581 PARROTT
■Vf . . bldg. Practices in all courts {Charges moderate
- W KING, ATTOKNKY-AT-LAW CHRON-
.' id'- Dlde: advice free: moiler:ite: open evngs.
~~" TO LEASE. ~~"
FC^BKNT~Oit~i-CA SE— 6O^VAEt
cor. , Polk and Jackson sts.: tent $50 per
month. Address J- 4.7 Sansome St., S. F. '
'
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
PHEAP LOTS AND BARGAINS, i -■ ' :
\J FOR SALE BY THOMAS magek & sons,
4 KOVTOOKEBY ST.
SE.cor. Jackson and Larkin; 27:6x82:8: two-
story; store below, flat above, stable in rear; the
only grocery ou four corners; only $6500, or
larger size lot, _ : . r .-:.•>,:- ..
Reduced to $7000: Sixth st. ; 50x85 and 3-story
bnilding; 2 sores below; 6 tenants upstairs; rents
$65; $4300 can remain on mortgage. -
Stockton and Clay corner. 65x68:9; rents $105;
$8500. '■•-'
Must be sold to close an estate: make offer;
rente *74: price askea $8500: 6tb St., near Fol-
som; 25x75, and 8-story building; 2 stores below.
Stevenson st.: re nts $80: 3 two-story and base-
ment houses, and lot 50x70: only $6500.
Valencia st., S. of 20ih: 24x00, and good story:
rents for $ -8; good future for business; $6000.
Larkin St., bet. Washington and Jack.-on: lots
any siz ■ front: 25x82:6: $2010; street paved;
artificial stone sidewalk down. :
Union st., N. side; masuificent view: 27:6 x
127:6; $2100 only: or any size iron;; between
Scott ■ and : Devisadero, * in Baldwin f Park; easy
terms. - - - . . —
1 Cor.'. Mission st. and Riohfand aye.; 25x100;
$2250; electric-cars pass: street sewered.
Devisadero st., W. side, in Baldwin Park: fine
; view 01 the bay: lots any size front; 25x100,
$2000: oetween Green and Union. ;'.. r. , - .- .. '
Magnificent view, not to be shut, out: Park road;
25x150: $J100: street graded, macadamized and
sewered; li/ 2 blocks south of Haight stree , facing
park. .
Will, be business street: Fillmore, just N. of
Union; lots 24x100;- $2000 each: stone blocks
down: and sewer in: easy terms; Fillmore, from
Union to the bay, will be business s.reet.
Cor. Geary and Wood sts.; 29:8x100; reduced to
$2000: cheap.
NE. cor. clay st. and First aye. ; 27x125; only
$2000.
Cheap; $2000 only each: 3 lots; 27:6x127:8: N.
side of Sacramento at., bet. Spruce and Maple;
cable-cars pass; easy terms. ■
Corner $bO0; Lombard and fierce; 24x100;
easy terms: both stree sewered. ;:
Corner Pierce and Filbert, one block from Union-
st. cable cars; 23x80; $900: easy terms. ■
$900 each; luts 25x100. on Lombard St., bet.
Franklin and Gough: street graded, sewered and
macadamized.
Lots $500 each; Lombard st., bet. Stein er and
Pierce; 25x100; street graded, macadamized and
sewered. ,
Offer wanted; NE. cor. Sixteenth and Flint sts,,
ins-. ' above Castro, 50x58:6. {{900; or corner,
58:6x90, or 58:t»x165; fine view. ■ ■
Cheuery-st. lot; 50x100; electric cars pass;
$840.
Lots 34:4x137:6, $1000 each; or 36:6x60, $900:
Greenwich su, bet. Pierce and Scott; good view of
bay; street sewered; easy terms. .
$800— aye., near Pom Lobos; 25x120.
Lots 25x120, ; 700; magnificent view* W. side
24th aye,, N. of Lake st.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
M. SPECK <fc CO., 602 MARKET ST.; BAR-
• gains worth noticing.
ffIjQAAOASH, $1600 IN monthly pay-
«JD O\J\J ments same a<i r-nt, buys that lovely 6-
room cottage half block from Mission cars; this
property is sold for cost of mortgage.
fl»,'rrvr\ CASH, $4000 IN PAYMENTS, BUYS
•ijijvw that nice home at 1421 Jackson near
Hyde; lot 35x137 feet._
<£»-innn CASH, $1500 on mortgage,
t3)IUUV/ buys 4 good flats near 4th st,; rents
about $30.
<D»1 f\(\(\ CASH. $3600 BANK MORTGAGE,
.«]p i UUI/ buys 3 nearly new flats; car line; only
few blocks from City Hall. > .
iOnnA CASH, $30(10 MORTGAGE, BUYS
*4P_"Jw"J 4flna flats, half a block from Seventh
and Market sts.; rent about $560.
<J_ftfinn 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT; 2
•4POUUV/. fronts, routs $1000; near Call Office;
terms one-hal" cash. _V ■ ,
•JU I 9 (\C\f\ CORNER; 6 NEW FLATS; CAR
«JP L_.'.UUU. line; all rented $116.
©"l^finn CORNER (BUSINESS) ON
tjP±_i.WUly. Geary st., near Wigwam.
OP /I C (\f\(\ BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
tJP"TU.UUU. Fourth and Market ats.; rents
$4000.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
fl>lO f\(\('\ TAYLOR ST.. NEAR GEARY;
dp 1 .\J\J\J . 3-story bay-window house and lot;
house in good condition ; brick foundation; pays
good income. ■ .
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
<Btl9 OHO REDUCED FROM $17,500;
tjpX—'.vv/l/. business property on Taylor st.,
nr. Market; 2-story. 8 room and .bath house and
lot 25x80 feet: can ;be further improved and
made to pay handsomely. -'
O'FAKRELL — CO., 11 Montgomery st.
fill 10 C\C\C\ BUSINESS property; Mo
«Jp_U. UUU. Allister st.: rents $116 ncr month;
store and flats; all rented: must be sold: make an
offer. O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
J_l AHA LOT 25x125; DIAMOND 81., NR.
<ipXV/V/U. 18th; in Mission warm belt; street
accepted: lot level, ready to b lid on; a bargain.
O'FAHRKLL A CO.. 11 Montgomery at.
£_ - (\{U\ PRKSIDIO HEIGHTS: CORNER
•J) i \J\J\J. lot on Washington St., 62x100:- ele-
gant marine view; this lot must be sold and we
want an offer. O'FARRELL & CO.,
11 Montgomery st. -
<_9fl Z.f\(\ BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
—v/ • O\J\J . Hayes St., near Octavla: large lot,
55x120 feet to rear street: Investigate at once.
O'FARRELL it CO., 11 Montgomery st.
ffilA KfiA HAYH.S Sl'., CLOSE TO GOLD.
tlpxU.tJuU. en Gate Park panhandle; a bar-
gain with good income; lot 48x137 :6: 9 modern
flats and store. 5, 4, and 3 rooms; always rented;
rents now $118: must be sold. O'FARRELIi_.
CO., 11 Montgomery st. ■
Q»Q;r AA FINE IN COM RENTS NOW
*4X)O*JUU. for $47; 4 tenements on Clementina
St., near 4th; 25x80; make an offer. O'FARRELL
<fe CO., 11 Montgomery st. ■
_» 1 QnA. BROADWAY, NEAR JONES; MAY
«]p I O"U. be les<i; lot 20x60; a bargain. O'FAR-
RELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
ISSION COTTAGE& ; : ~ ~~~
In the warm belt near . terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 24th st. and Potrero aye.; all street work
finished; terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
$2000— Five-room cottage.
$1800— Four-room cottage.
$1660— Four-room cottage.
CC.BEMIS,
• HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALK.
. 52000— K. Bide or stanyan st- bet. Carl and
Frederics:; 25x100 feet.
$460— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson su, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses, of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x187 electric road passes houses;
make offer. V. ■-■■■■
$8800— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
k~JO— Choice building lots north of Dark.
DARE 1 OPPORTUNITY",' TO SECURE A
1 1 choice cottage in the Western Addition; $4200;
$500 down, 1 lance $ 5 per month, will secure an
elaborate 7-room cottage on Golden Gate aye., bet.
Baker and Lyon sts. ; lot 25x137:6; nei-rly com-
pleted. TOWN <fc McV ALLY, 630 MarKet St.
I. EhT BUSINESS CORNER ON, THE SAN
-ii Leandro road and main street to- Fltchburs:
station; size IOOxIOOt cheap at $20 per front
foot.
T>ESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the fan Leandro road;' streets graded
and graveled; price $500. .
BUSINESS CORNER AT FITCHBURO STA-
X> tion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
di vide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
Best." garden LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and ~ vegetables to - perfection; - splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers for
the market. . '
Ather bargains ON thf, best STREETS
V " In the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low tuxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
TH AD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT:
$150 to $276 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
■\.l UST HE SOLD— NEW HOUSE; 742 CASTRO
IVL st., near 20tb, in tbe warm belt of tne Mission,
containing 8 rooms and all improvements: cost
$7000 : large lot; ; do not fail to -, see this . bargain.
Apply next do r. :
_>1 i)CA' COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: BKHKE-
f^I^-JU. ley; lot 60x100: near station; $300
down, $16 monthly.
$160— Lot 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly. ■■)-
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. -.
a WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS _ TH_
J\ WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, for matting.
: ■ X- ti-O ft. ii.i: i. r 'At/ liA.^'AiAi>«jr_. ' :;•■!
\»?I7^irEXCHANGE—^eTIT_OCATED^CITY
» ' property for bouses. ' Address W. L.. box '■ 16,
Call Office. - .:■. ■■■^■■■. >,'■- ■:■ -, ■ v.--:.-- ■■")
WHAT.HAVE; YOU TO EXCHANGE FOR
»» 160 acres fruit land in Placer County." Address
or call C. A. MAYDWEL. 23 Davis st. -
1 AA ACRKB NKAR VACAVILLK. SOLANO
IUU County, all under cultivation: good house,
barn. etc.; wl.l trade ,in equity for. San Francisco
or Oakland property, Improved or unimproved:
cash value $8000. Addres^R. A., box 99, Call.:'
H~~a£.lTs of good land in TULARE
County, for improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or Sau Francisco. > Address A, ! box 87
________________ii__i_l__-— l__________-
IVOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY, OAK-
X 1 land or Alameda property, improved fruit
raroh 1 7 atres ; : 1 - mile from ; Hanta Clara: 2000
finest French prune trees: also other fruits: large
artesian well, etc.; value:! at $12,000: e»*y terms.
Apply from 6 to 6, A. YOUNG. 1406 Grove St., city.
l'Jt-ll AtREs TiMKKK LAND, KF.KN 00.*..'
J _.(M I » >l>r . line for cat' l^r-tHinit. N..hx.l6.Calt
.'■'..• '■• ;•,;-; -•■■-:. FINANCIAL. J_
ONE Y^TO " LOAN ON SECURETY. ,BYL-
VAIN SALOMON.' 328 Montgomery, r. 214.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
AN RAFAEL— NEW MODERN HOUSE, 8
rooms and bath : I large lot; good I location:
street accepted; for sale cheap or exchange for
city property. J. TUNsTEAD, San Rafael, i al.
T M~P ROVED HOMESTEAD FOR SALE
X cheap. Inquire 25 De Boom at. - ;.■■ '<-.
/pWO FIVE-ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES:
i. with running water; good Improvements; only
half a mile from town: $1600 each; one of 4 res,
nice improvements, 91800: another of OV2 acres,
good bouse, nice orchard: one of i.2 acres, nice
house 9 rooms, artesian water, creek bottom,
close to town, halt cash, $2500. D. H. TWING,
Sonoma City. - - '■'
ANTED— TO EXCHANGE 13 ACRES AT
Greenwood, . Meudocino Coun:y. for larger
place, suitable or farming; price not over $3500:
will pay difference. Write, with particulars. G. W.
ROBINSON, Elk. Mendocluo County. - . .?-,::
•Si Af\f\ (\ FI N X MOUNT A I X HOME, OV ER-
■3)7VuU. looking Capay Valley, Yolo County:
6»'O acres; roomy 1 Va-story house, barns a d
other outbuildings: 3 acres orchard In full bear-
ing; 1 mile from school; l'v 2 — lile-t from railroad
and postollice; if sold soon 10 head catt c, 1
span horses, wagon* and farming Implements,
poultry and bay will be Included. Address J. C.
WINTER, Brooks P. P., Yolo County. Cal.
ALAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOiC-
est in the State; selling In tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, £35 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
peracre; owner forced to sell: IV2 hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Cluonlcie building. ,
TpOR EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
X; erty— #o acres, two-thirds orchard in bearing,
one-third bare land: near San Jo-.e: cash value
$21, Address 14, L.8., San Jose, Cul.
ANY ONK WANTING A RANCH FOR
Krezlns: purposes, or an > orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 826 Montgomery st.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES VJft .MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $76 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. '.'.'.
a_£f'W|M FOOTHILL HOME IN SANMATKO
•oTUvI/V/ . County, 25 miles from San Francisco,
half mile from railroad; 6 acres: modern house; 9
rooms. Apply to C. S. MERRILL, Berkeley, Cal.
ATTENTION, LAND BUYERS— I2O ACRES
A choice oliv, vine and prune lands located In
Alameda Co., 87 miles from San Francisco, will
be sold at a sacrifice: surrauiidimr lands held at
$75 per acre; make an offer; will subdivide to
suit. . 57 Chronicle building. .
7 ITT HOMES. CLOSK TO TOW.s. IM-
-Li proved, easy terms; . also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. 11. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 633 Market s;., S. F. -
KM) FOR OUR LIST I»■ ORCHARD HOMES
torwK -Wmi-iTKH * Wu l-'-i-oy. s»n ,10-i».
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATK.
"ft A Z\(\(\ A BEAUTIFUL NEW AND MOD*
<tiP^O\J\J. em home of eight rooms, laundry
and bath; all plumbing nickel-plated and open and
of the very finest; plate glass; two fine mantels;
a large basement with cement floor and entirely
plastered overhead; electric gas-light Ing; beauti-
fully tinted throughout; cement wa ks and fenc-
ing complete; an excellent neighborhood with
electric cars one block distant: lot 50x150: inves-
tigate this before you buy ; no trouble to show the
property. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth st.
o_l '-If ID read this— WE offer a 6-
•JT'XOUV/. room cottage and lot. 27x130, for
$17 35 per month only, and no cash down; a bar-
gain. ALDEN _. KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way, Oaklan I. - - . • . .
ARGAIN: $325 CASH: BALANCE $20 PER
month; beautiful new, 6-room, 2-story bouse
on corner lot, ;-sxllO feet; electric cars pass
door; must be sold. Inquire WILLIAM P. TODD.
10U2 Broadway, Oakland. •. ;■■■ . ■
iv ILL IT PAI ? YES!! sEE ALLEN DALE
" Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot or upward for a
home or paying investment; Fruiiva'e, a (joining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland; level
and choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ized; only a few left: fine school: 2 electric roads
near 1y : conveyance free: $ 5 cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market 5.., S. F.
H. Z JONES, ownerj
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA KKAL JiSTATK.
IpOR SALE—
House rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. Grand st. cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange foe
ban Francisco = property. Apply * '
-ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.,
' . i San Francisco, Cat.
(JjO'jAA TO > $6000— NKW AND MODERN
«JP_J»)Uv/ houses on large lots In- good locations;
convenient to trains; terms to suit the purchasers-
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park
St.. Alameda. . . _____________■
ALAMKDA KOOMS A>_> BOARDING.
jf^tTcESTivAir7A^fiT~N_;^Ali W EBBTER
VJOU st.; nicely furnished rooms with board;
pin no. .-. . * ' ■ '%
ptKftmtiyy K_,AL A-Si'Al_.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY _ CO.. real estata
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. -
O*EPIi J. mason, Kt.iL ESTATK and
Insurance ngent, B*»rkfl»y siatn, adjoining bank.
lii'.KM.i.l.i HOUSES.
OR RENT— HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS AND
bath, with garden and lawn in front, large or-
chard, also some pasture land; entire place com-
prises about 10 acres; street macadamized; five
minutes' walk to train making half-hourly trips to
city. For further Information call or address A. J.
SX YDER A CO., 467 Ninth st., real estate brok-
ers, Oakland. ■ - • ». < . - :
OB RENT FOR ONE YEAR OR LONGER
ron reasonable -terms— A completely furnished
house *of 10 rooms, bath : and laundry; : stable,
chickenhouse: roses, etc. : convenient to railway,
school and university. Address House, box 63,
Call ■ fli-e. ■ ■■■■■..■■■-' ■
MONTEREY KEAL >..»TAT_;. v
«Jt*)XfMl NfcAK HOI'KL IJKL MuNTK: ON
«u-«- 'O\JVJ . a lake: 2-story house, barn, chicken-
house; 12 lots, all in fruit and i 5 kind* of- berries;
vegetables grow thriftily all year round; must be
sold immediately. F. C. CALDWELL. owner,
325 Ninth at.. Oakland. . • -
JiO.Ntl Id LOAN.
■"A r NY AMOUNT ON l: 'B6Ni) l 8; J -I>iAMO N I D9,
_"V watches, jewelry, silverware,, sealskins, silks
and Instruments; interest low; private en.'ranee;
private rooms: discreel attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. ■ .
QJ» 1 AA (Win TO LOAN. CITY AND OAK-
tIP±UU.\JUU land, at lowest rates; life Insur-
ance, real estate In probate, small or large sums.
sHAI.N WALD BU-K-BEK _ CO., .18-230 Mont-
gomery st. : ' ■
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
Jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOP.E, 948 Market st.; open evenings.
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTEK-
est per month for each $1000; I same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life . insurance, ; Coin, box 2. Call.
UN_Y LOAN Kit UN J_W__KV AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Offic*
HOOMarketsu.nr. Mason: private entranco 7 Tur_
1 \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal; no delays: do commissions: low
interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market
\ NY AMOUNT: IST, 2i> or 3D MORTGAUE.t:
— -. estates, undivided Interests, real estate In Drt>
bate. McCOLGAN. "4 Montuomerjr. room 3.
Ofi (\f\f\ON IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
«j!OVJ \J\J\J sums not exceeding $1000. Call at
room 629, Porrott Building. ■■.-■■•;-.--■:- .-.
IST & 'ili MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E*
liaies:lowes: raies:no deIav.MURPHY,62» Mrkt.
\ DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWELKV. JSTU-
\n lolnmbla l-o«n .V- 1 'oil aural t)ffir>. <> I4rnr,- •. • v
. . pa \VN_titO_.liiW. .: >j r
RAND CENTRAL LOAN OFFICk! 1200
Market St.; money loaned: watches; diamonds;
etc.: lowest rates; bargains in unredeemed pledges.
AT 126 KEARNV ST., _ ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, : watches, diamonds, etc.: . low rates;
private room*: elevator: nledgps for sale '■heap.
" ~~ PKOPOSALS. "
TpROPOSALS FOR THE ERECTION- OF A
X frame school Dulldlng and for replauking and
bituminizlng schoolyards— Sealed proposals will
be received by the Superintendent of Common
Schools In open session of the Board of Education,
new City - Hall, on WEDNESDAY. August 26.
1896. at 8:30 o'clock P. Jr. for the construction of
» four-classroom frame school building at Sunny-
side, in tne City and County of San Francisco.
.-■ Proposals will also be received by said board at
the time stated tor replanklng and bituminiziug
certain public school yards.
r All work to be done in accordance with plans
and specifications (and. the conditions mentioned
therein) to be seen at the office of CHARLES I.
HAVENS, architect of said board, room 55. Flood
building, corner Fourth and Market streets. Union
labor only to be employed on said work. '. .■:- >-..-.
« The board reserves the right . to reject any or all
bids, as the public good may require. „. . .
. -.- ;, ■- ■■■:: GEORGE BEAN STON,' Secretary;
PROPOSALS FOR PAINTING. BCHOOL-
X houses— proposals will be . received by
the Superintendent of Commo'i Hctiools in open
session of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
on WEDNESDAY. Ai%ust 26. 1896, at 8:30
o'clock p. m., for painting the interior and exterior
of certain suboolbonses in the City and County of
Han Francisco • in . accordance ■ with specifications
(and the conditions mentioned therein) to be seen
at tee office of CHARLKSI. HAVI Ns, architect
of -said board, room 55, Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market streets. ■ Bids will be consid-
ered only trout parties actually engaged in tbe
business of house painting Union labor only to
be employed on this work. ■■--.". -. *.-■■■■ ' ••• r ■" ■
1 The board reserves the right to reject '■ any or ail
bids as the public good may require. '
• GEORGE B-ANSTON, Secretary,
i
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. '■- : -
RA^K^HA/Y7ATTvnt N E Y-Tt^AW~IUK)M
X 1 421. four floor. Parroti building (Emporium).
ILIiH, -DKEJIs. .ETC. ; L. SONTaG, ATT'Y
and Notary, 116 Market: res., 2126 Howard.
JroHN E. RICHARDS LA W OFFICES. ROOMS
Lad and 27, Crocker building; ; telephone Mala
75, Ban Francisco. Cal. - , -■■ .
JOHN R. AITK_N AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
*) atlys at law, rms 515,516. 6- h tloor, Parrou old*.
~7 A'EisKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TH«
A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
.THE Ui\OltCK Ai_.CO_,l>.
Complaints filed: I '■-• •. V. X
Edith Price against Ar hur Price.
Eva Heffrjn agains: T. Heftron.
Llllle M. Forrest against Jamw M. ForresU
M-iry Bietta Nutter a«alns; Johu A. Nutter.
Divorces granted:
Henrietta D. Mend from James F. Mead, for
willful neglect, by Judge linnu
Eleanor i.'Ke.fc from Andrew O'Keefe, for will-
ful neglect, by Judge Hum.
Thomas W. Tompkins from Kttte A. Tompklns,
for willful desertion, by Judge Sanderson, custody
of child 'awarded plal titiff.' .
bill ili^ — JI.4KRIA(JE&— DMIM~
HOltN. -
CRAWHALL— In this cltv, August 6, 1898, to the
wife of William Crawhail, a son. , • .■..-:.
ZEDERM AN-In this ci y, August 8, 1896, to the
wife of J. Zed.TOian, a son. ;
ZIKGLER— In Oakland, August 2, 1898, to the
wife of Charles Ziegler. a «i:.
KABBUCU.
DENNY-LADEWIG-Inthlsnity. Auirust S. by
the Rev. Jam ■ s P. Dixon, Arthur H. Denny and
Emily E. Ladewlg.
KANE-McKNIFF-In this city. July 29, 1898,
Joseph Johti Kane and Myr.le McKniiT.
MCDONALD— In this city, August 4, by
the Rev. G»or«;e E. Duncan. Daniel W. McDon-
aid of San Francisco aud Rosa A- Sugg of So*
nora, Cal. ■ -
»-— ill.
Collopy. Asrnes M. Jackson, Tertius J.
Cornwell, George ■- —'■ Johnson, Oscar T.
Cronlse. William H. V. Karpel, Dora
De la Cruz, Maria Luttrluger. Mary E.
>nnls, Nicholas Obenauer, Belle A.
Florentine. August O'Donovan,- Agnes ■\> •
Fjord, Juliaue Phillips, Charles T.
Grlnn. Haz»l A. Rodriguez. Mary '.
Hall, Sullivan R. Schein. Krwin
Humphreys, William Vender, Peter V,
Hussey, Maurice ' Welte. Jobann
COLLOPY— In this city, Aueust 10, 1893. Agnes
Marcella, youngest daughter of James and
Johanna C'ollopy. a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 2 days. . . . '
*3-The funeral will take plase THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the resi-
dence of the parents. 853 Bryan; sweet. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CORNWELL— In this city, August 11, 1898."
George Cornwell, beloved husband of Carrie
Cornwell, and brother of D. c. Cornwell, a
native of Ithico, New York, aged 65 years 1
month and 8 days. - (New York papers please
copy.
CRONISE— In this city, August 11, 1896. William
H. V. Cronlse, father of Clement Cronlse, a na-
. tive of Maryland, In his seventy-second year.
jOTFrienris and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock t\ _.. from . Pioneer
Hall, Fourth street, near MarkeU Interment
private.'
DE LA CRUZ— In the City and County Hospital,
August 10, 1896, Maria de la Cruz (Maria de la
Bruz), aged 73 years.
ENNIS— In this city. August 11, ; 1816, Nicholas,
dearly beloved husband of the late Ann Ennis
and father of Mrs. Thomas Dowd, Mrs. Charles
W elch, Mrs. Frank McLaughlln and Josephine
Ennis, a native of County Wexford, Ireland,
aged 62 years 4 months and 15 days.
FLORENTINE— In South San Francisco, August
10, 1898, August Florentine, beloved husband of
Theresia Florentine, and"* father of Mrs. Louis
Wagner, Eugene. Mary, Angelina, Victoria and
Christina Florentine, a native of Relcbshofen,
Alsace. Germany, ag-d 82 years and 2 months.
49TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. _ from nis late res-
idence. Twenty-fourth and Railroad avenue
' south, South San Francisco, thence to Ma-
sonic Hall, comer Fourteenth and Railroad ave-
nues south, where services will be held
under the auspices of Bay View Lodge No. 159,
A, O. U. W.. commencing at 1:30 o'clock P. if..
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— To the officers and members of Bay
View Lodge No. 159, A.0.U.W. : Yon are hereby
notified to be present at -lourlodgeroom. Ma V onto
Hall, corner Fourteenth and Railroad avenues
south, South San Francisco, TO-MORROW
(Thursday),* at 1 o'clock p. _.. for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late brother, August
Florentine. Fines for non-at endance will be
enforced. By order of the M. W.
EDWARD MEALEY. Recorder.
FJORD— In Alameda, August 10, 1896, Juliana.
beloved wife of Lorens Fjord and mother of Mr*.
W. C. Logan and ■ Mrs. C. E. Bain, of Astoria,
Or., Julia, Meta. Carl and Rudolph Fjord, an
. sister of Otto, Adolph and George H>;rt -Men and
Mrs. Pauline Martens, a native of Holsteln; Ger-
many, aged 50 years 6 months and 13 days.
ASfNO'.ice of funeral hereafter.
GRINN— In this city, August 10, 1896 Hazel Ar-
mm da. beloved daughter of Joseph E. and Mar-
garet Grin n and sister of Viola Hestella Grin n,
a native of San Francisco, agei 1 year 2 months
' and 16 days.
HALL— In San Jose, August 10, 1896. Sullivan R.
Hall, beloved husband of Mm. S. R. Halt, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, uged 45 years.
<_- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), from the: San Jose Sanitarium,
where a solemn high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 8:80
o'clock a. m., thence to Holy Cross Cemetery,
arriving j here at 1 o'clock p. _.
HUMPHREYS— In this city, Augusts, 1896, Wil-
liam Humphreys, father of May E. Humphreys,
- a : native of Dei rolt, Mich., aged 52 . years . 9
months and 20 days, f Detroit (.Mich.) papers
please copy, j .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.l to attend ue funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2:3o o'clock p. _.', from Masonic
-Hall, corusr of Post and Montgomery .itreeu
HUSSEY— In this city, August 11, 1896, Maurica,
dearly belove I husband 0/ the late Ellen Hus.*ey
'and -father of E.la Hussey and Katie and Mary
Glllespie. a native of Canada, aged 50 years.' a ..
' Jt_rNo:lce of funeral heraafter. ■
JACKSON— In this city, August 10. 1896, Tertius
J., husband of Aunie A. Jackson, and father of
Fred, Thomas. John and Harry Jackson, a na-
tive of Englaud, aged 72 years 10 months and 3
■ day*. • '■'. - - '■ " : ; •• _ •'• - ■■ '
aSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully InvitP.l to a ten! me muni I'd [lD ■- •V 1'
' (Wednesday)," at 3 o'clock p. m., from the I'hurch
of the Adven , on Eleventh street, between
j Mission and Market. Interment i. O. O. A Cem-
etery. ...
JOHNSON— In Marshfleld, Or., August 6. 1896,
Oscar Theodore Johnson, a native of . Sweden,
aged 80 years. ' "
■ . t(S" Notice of funeral hereafter
KARPEL-In this city, August in. 1896, Dora,
beloved if aof G. P. Karpei. daughter of Mr*.
M. Kaufman, and . sister of Charles Kaufma 1.
Mrs. W. Gruhn and Mrs. A. Colin, a native of
California, a;ed 35 years and 7 months. [Mil-
waukee papers please copy.)
jJ3TFriends are -'full'- invited to atf.en I
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 2 O'clock p. m., from the -rtrsidenoe of tier
metier, 1702 I'ost street. Interment Hills of
. Eternity Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock p. ic. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
LUTTRINGER— In this City,' August 11, 1896,
Mary E. Luttrlnfer. infant daughter of Jennie
E. and Richmond J. Liutnncer, a native of ban
Francisco, aged 3 months and 3 days.
- .' jO9* Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the
family ■ residence, KM- Eighteenth . street, . be-
tween Valencia and Guerrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. .
OBENAUER— In Oakland, August 9. 189 6, Belle
- A., a native of Omaha, aged 28 years 11 months
and 27 days.
O'DONOVAN— In this city, .August 11, 1898,
Agnes, beloved wiie of the late Daniel P., and
motner of Richard and Cornelius O'Donovan, a
native 'of Sklbbereen. •: county . Cork, Ireland,
aged 40 years 4 months and 6 days. < ■ '
PHILLIPS— In Oakland, 1 August 11. 1896, Charles
Theodore, beloved husbana of Mary K. Phillips,
and father of Walter and Irene Phillips, a native
of Sao Francisco, aged 37 years and 10 months.
Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at, 1:30 o'clock p. x .. from Masonic
Temple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets,
Oakland. Services under the auspices of Mission
Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. Interment Mount-
ain View Cemetery. - :
RODRIGUKZ— In the City and County Hospital,
August 10, 1896, Mary Rodriguez.
BCHEIN— In this city, August 11. 1 1893, 1 Erwin,
beloved son of salo and Gussle Schein, a native
Of San Francisco, aged 14 months.
VEEDER— in Berkeley, August 11. 195»3, Peter
Vroman Veeder. aared 71 reap. *
jOTF'uneral services THIS DAY (Wednes-
day), at 4:30 o'clock p. -.. from his late resi-
dence, 2012 Dwigbt way, Berkeley. interment
private.
WELTE— In this city. August 9, 1896. Johann
Welle, beloved son of the la:e Frederic* Welte
and Josephine Reber. stepson of Jobann Reber,
brother of Anna Welte, and nephew of Gottlieb,
Maria. Ambrose and Frank Furrer an! Mr*.
Robert Regli. a native or Altdorf, Canton Url,
Switzerland, aged 18 years 6 months and 5 days.
OTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* fun-rat TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 19 Rausch Street, between
Howard ..' and ' FoUom. Seventh ' and - Eighth,
thence to St. Boniface Church, Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Jones and Leavenworih streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his sou!, commencing at
9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. :.-,■■ -.- - -' ; ; - " - *v- -,-.-:- ■' '.- - ■-.
MCAVOY A CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRFCTORS _ EMBALMr.'BS, '
20 Fifth St., Opp. Linooin School.
.: » V\ Telephone 3080.'. .- .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN ; MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 897 Marks*
street, southeast corner of _ixt— ,
1516
NOTES WERE ONCE
AS GOOD AS GOLD,
But Now There Is a Dis
count Charged on Such
Currency.
THEY MUST GO EAST.
The Local United States Sub-
Treasury Will No Longer
Cash Them.
NO BETTER THAN EXCHANGE.
Sudden Revulsion in the Local Money
Market Segregating the
Currency.
The local money market is in a period of
transition; discounts are being charged
where before the paper was always at par
and national bank notes have been low
ered from a position a:most as high as
pold itself to one of mere exchange.
This sudden revulsion is due to the
action of Assistant United States Treas
urer Berry and his action is due to local
financial conditions and possibilities.
In November, 1894, the Treasury Depart
ment issued several rules to the assistant
treasurers, among them being one to this
effect: "National bank notes are redeem
able in lawful money of the United States
by the treasurer, but not by assistant
treasurers." This rule was sent to the
local sub-treasury, but it had always been
the custom here to receive any kind of
money and pay tor it in any kind desired.
Silver certificates were redeemable in
silver, in gold, or in currency, and the
same with notes and standard dollars. All
money was the same at the local office ana
good for its value in any other. This
custom was continued after the rule was
received and after a time the San Fran
cisco sub-treasury stood alone as the only
one in :he United States where there was
no discriminiation. '
Under that system a bank could take all
national bank notes deposited and have
them redeemed at face value at the sub
treasury. It C( uid get gold for silver or
silver certificates, as well as silver for
cold. Bui now conditions have changed.
To have their national bank notes re
deemed the banks must send them East.
For standard silver doilars they can get
silver certificates, but not gold — for silver
certificates they will be given only silver.
Since the rules of November, 1894, were
received. Mr. Berry has more than once
written to the Treasury Department lor
instructions. The rules were clear, but
they had been ignored in the administra
tion of the local office, and while the dis
regard of the rules was known to the de
partment, still the assistant treasurer de
sired detinue instructions as to the course
he would take. No answer was received,
and within the past month he wrote again.
There was still no answer, and so, as he
says, he decided, in view of the peculiar
financial conditions now existing, to run
his office within a strict construction of all
the rules of the department.
Last Friday the Nevada Bank sent $5000
in national bank notes to the sub-treasury
for redemption in gold. They were re
fused, and the bank had on its hands a
pile of notes redeemable only in the Wash
ington treasury. To redeem them meant
all the elements of a transaction in ex
change, and so when more notes are de
posited tiae price of exchange, or a discount
similar to it, is charged. National bank
notes, except those issued by the local
national banks, are not at par value here
any longer.
Another rule, also in the circular of No
vember, 1894, and heretotore disregarded,
has been ;?uddenly enforced at the sub
treasury. It reads: "Silver certificates
are redeemable in standard silver dollars
only, or exchangeable for other silver cer
tificates.' Here again an old source of
gold supply has been cut oft, and the
banks are corresponuingly depressed.
"I did not want to carry on this office
except under the strict rule of the treas
ury," said the assistant treasurer yester
day. "Things are so uncertain now that I
did not want to give any cause for criti
cism while this money agitation is going
on. Besides, we must have gold enough
to redeem such currency as is properly
redeemable in gold, and so I have decided
to apply those old rules, and to treat notes
and silver certificates as the rules direct."
This action at the sub-treasury means
that from now on gold will be gold and
silver only silver out here in the West.
Already the apprehension over a possible
silver policy being established is having its
effect, and silver must floct by iUelf until
its position in the financial world has be
come more than a guess.
MANY MORE DELEGATES.
The Number to the Charter Convention
increasing Oaily.
The Merchants' Association is in receipt
of official communications from the fol
lowing additional organizations announc
KEW TO-DAT.
f^ Jamaica
The most potent rem-
edy ever called upon
in a case of emer-
gency. A gentle tonic
and stimulant sootk
ing to the stomach,
helpful to the system;
correcting derange-
ments caused by over-
eating or indigestible
food* A remedy used
the wide world over
for 75 years*
Sold everywhere. Ask for Fred Brown's. - ' •
rU£O shown co., I'HiXADtH'HIA.
ing their delegates to the charter conven
tion this evening: Colonel Cass Post, G.
A. R.— W. A. Walker and Timothy Cur
ran. Cambrian Mutual Aid Society-
Frank Jones and John Edwards. Folsom
street Improvement Club No. 3— Leon
Samuels and F. G. Hewston. Bay City
Parlor, N. S. G. W.— S. Feigenbauin and
M. Savannah. Norddeutscher Verein — E.
F. Baruth and Dr. E. A. Brune. Hospital
Lot Improvement Club— £. C. Priber and
H. Keen an. Clan Fraser No. 78, O. S. C—
Edward Kerr and Dr. George Adam. Gen
eral George G. Meade Post, G. A. R.—Sam
uel W. Knowles and James Minnegan.
This makes a total of 151 delegates at the
opening of the charter convention, which
will be held at Kohler & Chase Hall, 26
O'Farrell street. Letters have been .re
ceived at the offices of the Merchants' As
sociation from a number of other organi
zations requesting the privilege of sending
delegates to the convention. There is
every indication that the charter conven
tion will be the most representative as
semblage of citizens ever gathered to
gether in San Francisco.
— -• — ♦ — •
TO KILL THE MONSTER.
Excursion From This City to Washing
ton on a Whale-Hunting Kx
dition.
They have been hav ; ng great fun re
cently with a whale in Henderson Bay,
Wash. All|attempts to capture the levia
than, although he has been chased up and
down the bay and has been fired at, have
proved unsuccessful. Two hundred spec
tators sailed out of Tacoma on a special
tug to see the fun, but before they returned
were badly scared.
So the Washington whalers have tele
graphed to this port for assistance. Agent
Mills of the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany in answer says that he is willing to
take the contract to kill the troublesome
whale upon certain conditions. He de
sires a guaranty of $1000 and will furnish
four boat's crews. He also offers to wager
$5000 to $2500 that he gets the whale, and
$1000 to $500 that the capture will be
made the first time a boat gets alongside.
The conditions have been accepted, and
J. D. Spreckels' big tug the Fearless
will be fitted up for the accommodation
of excursionists from this City. Tickets
will be on sale to-day at the office of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company on
New Montgomery street.
HE WANTED SHOTGUNS,
Stephen Zadu, a Bartender, Seeks
to Annihilate a Fel
low Worker.
The Story Ends in His Being Ar
rested for Sending Obscene Mat
ter Through the Mails.
Stephen Zadu, otherwise known as Ro
kaz, challenged N. Milo to fight a duel out
near the Cliff House, where the sad sea
waves and the barking sea lions could
trill an appropriate funeral dirge to the
resounding alarm produced by the firing
of two double-barreled shotguns.
But the duel to the death never came
off. Instead Stephen Zadu languishes in
the County Jail, charged with sending ob
scene matter through the raai's, while the
offending Milo continues to serve steam
beer and other intoxicants at 219 Grant
avenue.
The trouble between the two parties
named grew out of a position as bartender.
Up to June last Zadu held such a position
at 219 Grant avenue. He was taken sick,
and after looking about a bit concluded
that Milo would be just the man to take
his place temporarily.
In time Zadu recovered his health and
at once sought his old position. But Milo
would have none of it. He had convinced
the proprietor that the job couid be done
for considerably loss than the price for
merly paid.
Then Zadu waxed wroth. He swore all
manner of oaths, finally winding up by
sending his erstwhile friend an abusive
postal card naming the beach near
the Cliff House as the proper place to
settle their difference and incidentally
determine who was entitled to the coveted
position.
Yesterday noon was named as the meet
ing hour, but Milo was not present. He
had a representative, however, in the per
son of a United States Marshal. Zadu
was brought into the presence of Commis
sioner Heacock and without much for
mality held to answer before the District
Court. The accused man acknowledged
writing the offensive postal card, but said
it was only a way of his to show that Milo
had deliberately violated all labor rules,
and to evidence further that the usurper
was not a fighting man. He appeared to
be ignorant of the fact that he had violated
any law.
MORE COIN FOR SCHOOLS,
The Present Appropriation Is
Considered Below the
Mark.
Director Murdock Expresses Dismay
and Disccuragement at
the Outlook.
"We are dismayed at the outlook," was
School Director Murdock' comment last
night on the proposed $1,000,000 a year ap
propriation by the Board of Supervisors
for public school work in the City. The
Finance and Classification committees of
the Board of Education had just held a
secret session, the first-named occupying
most of the evening in deliberations
which, to the minds of its members, were
fruitless.
"Expenses are on the increase," con
tinued Mr. Murdock; "evening High
School classes aie about to be opened in
the Horace Mann, Washington Grammar
and Hamilton schools, while only last
night 100 new pupils were reported as en
rolled at the Lincoln evening school and
fifteen new night classes have been
opened in various other schools. Besides
this many of the schools are in sad need
of supplies, thirty being ; without dictiona
ries, while in others the dictionaries are
so battered and tattered as to be nearly
useless.
"Last year we got through on an ap
propriation of $1,000,000, but we bad a
balance of $30,000 from the preceding year
and $50,000 from rents. * This year we are
already behindhand, and, allowing for no
repairs and cutting down all expenses to
the lowest figure, the least with which the
hoo i? L ean be kept open will be $1,052,
--200. The outlook is most discouraging."
' The classification committee reported in
favor of the permanent appointment of
Miss Laura T. Fowler as principal of the
formal School. On motion of Dr. Clinton
the following appointments were also
recommended: George '■ Bates, teacher of
the high-school class in the Horace Mann
evening school ; Miss Crowley, principal
of the Richmond evening school- Miss
Busteed, principal of the Fairmonnt even
lll^* 0 "? o '-,*"? M j s ? L «2ynsky, teacher
in the Girls' High School.
A Woman Burned.
Mrs. Annie Greer of 410}^ Seventeenth street
was painfully burned last evening. She was
lighting a coal-oil lamD when she was attacked
by a fainting spell and fell to the floor. The
flames from the lamp ignited her dress, but the
tire was extinguished before she was seriously
injured. She was treated at the City and
County Hospital.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLIL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1896.
OF SUCH STUFF
DREAMS ARE MADE
The Crocker Fete Cham
petre at Burlingame
To-Night.
A SHEPHERD'S VISION.
Merry Revelers in Fairy Garb
to Trip the Light Fan
tastic.
LIKE THE CASTELIANE FETE.
George Hall Has Charge of the Enter
tainment and Bruce Porter Is to
Manage the Stage.
It is a safe wager that those whose
names adorn the pages of "Our Society
Blue Book" breathed a secret prayer ere
their heads touched their pillows last
"THE SHEPHERD'S DREAM."
Pretty Lola as she will appear in the Polish dance, the last number
on the programme of the elaborate fete champetre to be given to-night
at Burlingame by Mr. and Mrs* Will Crocker. A shepherd dreams at
the base of a fountain while the Seasons are grouped around.
night for a starry heaven and propitious
weather this evening.
Everybody is on the tiptoe of expecta
tion concerning the Crocker fete cham
petre. When Mr. and Mrs. Will Crocker
sent out their 150 invitations acquainting
the chosen with their purpose there was a
great hum and buzz, and speculation was
rife as to the exact nature of the enter
tainment. Those in charge of the affair
were as silent as the grave. And when
'tis written "those in charge" it is to be
interpreted "those who were suspected to
be in charge." Everybody approached
denied all knowledge of the nature of the
entertainment — denied it gracefully
though firmly. But some things are too
THE SEASON SONG TO BE SUNG DURING THE PASTORAL, "THE SHEPHERD'S DREAM."
good to keep. And so it was with the
Crocker fete. The secret is out
The secret fete champetre, with which
the Castellanes succeeded in electrifying
all Paris, has been the model by which
the Crocker fete was planned. The same
conditions being possible to the San Fran
cisco hosts — a lavish purse and magnifi
cent grounds — there is no reason why the
Crocker fete should not equal, perhaps
surpass, that of the Countess Castellane
(nee Gould).
To George Hall, the Turkish Consul,
Mrs. Crocter entrusted the entire manage
ment ot the elaborate entertainment.
Hall immediately chose Bruce Porter for
stage director and Professor William J.
O'Brien as maitre de ballet.
A charming pastoral was especially
arranged for the occasion. It tells in sim
ple style the magnificent heights to which
shepherds are wont to soar — in their
dreams.
The handsome lawn with its wealth of
stately trees and emerald shrubbery is to
be the scene of action. At the opening of
the little play the shepherd strolls in,
playing a plaintive little air on his ribbon
decorated pipe. Then, throwiug himself
at the foot of the fountain, he sleeps.
Thereafter the fairies— of his dream — come
trooping in. They are dressed to repre
sent the seasons — spring, summer, autumn
and winter. Each season has three hand
some representatives, and each season is
appropriately gowned. Spring's gowns are
ot green, the shade of the tender young
leaves, and crowns of cornflowers rest
lightly on their heads. In gowns of pale
pink the summer maids are garbed, and
their crowns are of gaudy sunflowers.
Autumn's representatives wear robes of
gray, with the faintest tinge of heliotrope,
and their heads will be crowned with pop
pies. In gowns of snowy white the winter
maidp are clad, and their crowns will be
fashioned of the pale snowberries.
As was mentioned Jbefore each season
has three representatives, one for each
month, and each carries a different em
blem in her hands. The spring maidens
respectively will carry a flower wand, a
bird cage and a fresh branch of a tree.
Summer's representatives carry respec
tively a fan of palms, sickle and a wand
of corn. Autumn's maids bear a pine
cone staff, the cymbals and a cup of
grapes, and the winter maidens carry a
flaming torch, a mask and a leafless
bough.
As these fairies come gracefully gliding
upon the lawn, coming from unexpected
nooks and from behind tall trees, they
chant in rhythmic measure this bit of
verse, set to an exquisite measure, from
the "Midsummer's Nieht Dream":
Thro' this house give glimmering light
O'er this dead and drowsy fire,
Every elf and fairy sprite
Hop as light as bird from briar,
And this ditty after me,
Sing and dance it trippingly.
The seasons thereupon group themselves
round the sleeping shepherd boy. Spring's
dance is a stately step filled with graceful
posturing, as is also Summer's. The
dance of Autumn and Winter are gro
tesque and more in quick and rhythmic
measure. Then all mingle in a pretty
march and chanting leave the enchanted
groves just as the shepherd awakes.
There is to be a magnificent arrange
ment of calcium light effects.
As the seasons first approach they are to
be flooded with a rosy hue that deepens
into the tender green of spring, the bright
gold of summer, the mellow tints of
autumn and then into the cold, blue white
of winter.
After the little play the guests will dis
perse at will through the elepant grounds
and home, where dancing will be in order
until midnight, when supper wilFbe served
upon the lawn.
During supper there is to be another
short order of dances.
Two brilliant Spanish girls in native
costume will dance the Spanish cachucha;
then a tarantelle, and then will come the
last number on the programme — a Polish
dance in costume by a tiny danseuse.
For the second half of the programme
the Spanish students will furnish the
music.
Preparations for the fete were busily go
ing on all of yesterday. At 6 o'clock last
evening Bruce Porter went down, carry
ing with him a bewildering array of golden
columns, urns, etc.
This afternoon at 2:30 the dancing girls,
who, by the way, are all professionals, !
will co down, so as to be in time for a final |
dress rehearsal on the grounds before j
evening. Their costumes are ali new, and
have been especially made for this occa
sion. Their flowers are also to be fragrant
and fresh.
There are to be a number of distinguished
foreign quests present at the entertain
ment. Mr. aud Mrs. Crocker will receive,
assisted by Prince and Princess Ponia
towßki and Colonel Fred Crocker, who has
just returned from a prolonged Eastern
and European tour.
ROBBERY CHARGED.
William Lenihan Accused of Taking a
Gold Watch From John
Wilcoin.
William Leniban, a waiter, 23 years of
age, living in a lodging-house at 17 Fourth
street, was booked at the City Prison last
night on the charge of robbery.
The complaining witness is John Wil
com, who states that on Saturday night,
Lenihan, wnom he met on the street, took
him to his room, and while there four
masked men came in. They beat him
and robbed him of his gold watch, valued
at $60.
Lenihan was arrested on Monday by
Policemen G. Meyer and T. L. Ryan.
Last night Wilcom came to the City
Prison and picked him out from half a
dozen as the young man who robbed him.
Lenihan denies that he had any part in
the robbery, and says he does not know
who the men were that broke into his
room and beat Wilcom. When he saw
them beating him he fled and did not re
turn to i is room till some hours later.
The men did not wear masks.
DID NOT STEAL NICKELS.
.T. I*. lirigaerts, .Electrician, Acquitted
by a Jury.
The case of J. L. Brigaerts, the electri
cian in the employ of the Pacific Tele
phone and Telegraph Company, charged
with petty larceny, was heard before a
jury in Judge Jo ichimsen's court yester
day afternoon.
Brigaeits' duty was to repair telephones
and it was alleged that he opened a tele
phone-box in a saloon on Gough street
and stole 70 cents in nickels. The arrest
was made by Special Officer Brummage,
an employe of the company.
Brigaerts denied that he had ever taken
a nickel from any telephone-box and said
his arrest was made through a foolish re
mark he made to a saloon-keeper on Cen
tral avenue.
The jury was only out two or three min
utes and returned with a verdict of not
guilty.
CONTRACT LIABILITIES.
Important Decision of Judge Mc-
Kenna of the United States
Circuit Court.
The Late Edgar Mills' Estate Not Re
sponsib'e for Damages to
A. E. Gray.
Real estate owners and agents and law
yers generally will be especially inter
ested in a decision just handed down by
Judge McKenna in the United States Cir
cuit Court. The title of the suit is: Albert
E. Gray vs. S. Prentiss Smith and Frank
Miller, executors of the estate of Edgar
Mills, deceased.
It is an action for damages for the non
performance of a contract fo^he purchase
or exchange of lands.
In a letter to Albert E. Gray, dated Sep
tember 16, 1891, the late Edgar Mills, the
son of D. O. Mills, wrote as follows:
Dear Str: Provided you take the following
described property, situate in Tehama and Co
lusa counties, as part payment up to $115,000,
1 hereby make you an offer to purchase the
lot, situate on the south side of Market street,
in this City, extending through to Stevenson
street, lying on the east side of and adjoining
Central Park and running east thence 82U'
feet by a depth of 165 feet, at the price bi
$240,000, namely, in cash $125,000, and in
land as above, $115,000.
This offer is to hold good for three weeks
from this date, to enable you to inspect my
said lands.
Gray on the 6th of October, 1891, an
swered the letter, accepting the said offer.
"The non-performance of the contract,"
says Judge McKenna in his decision, "is
admitted, and is sought to be excused or
dumages averted.
"Mills' obligation was to Gray, and the
evidence certainly leaves an important
matter in very dangerous ambiguity, and
this without inferring anything from the
silence which the statute imposes upon
the iiving party to a transaction in litiga
tion with the estate of the deceased one.
But ambiguous testimony may have more
than one explanation, and certainly the
burden of proof in this issue is not on the
plaintiff. We may accept, therefore, as
determined in favor of plaintiff the fact
of the assignment of the contract by J. H.
Cavanaugh to his wife, which was written
by Gray, as evidence that they had not
acquiesced in a release of Mills.
"The contract of Donohoe was to convey
to Mills upon the payment of $165,000 and
the taxes. The contractof Mills, however,
was to pay $125,000 and certain lands.
There was then $45,009, besides the taxes,
to be paid by Gray (l omit Cavanaugh's
name for convenience), and this money he
expected to raise on the country lands
conveyed to them by Mills. This makes
Gray's ability to perform not independent
of Mills' performance, as the principle
would seem to fequire, but dependent on
Miils' performance.
"The obligations between Gray and Mills
were mutual, as binding on one as the
other; they were dependent, the perform
ance by one being the consideration-of the
performance by the other; concurrent,
that is, the performance by each must be
at the same time as that by the other.
Could this be if the ability be not also
concurrent, but may wait on either side
the performance on the other?
"It follows that the last contention of
defendants is correct, and there was not
an ability to perform shown (by plaintiff),
which is a necessary condition of the re
covery of dama-os.
"Judgment will be entered for defend
ants, or rather defendants will prepare
findings and submit them to the other
side, and then judgment will be entered
for the defendants."
The issues involved were all ably pre
sented and argued by counsel ana fully
considered by the court.
NEW 10-DAT-DRT GOODS.
NOVELTY SILKS
1896~Fa11~~1896\
The Most Elegant Styles Ever
Shown in San Francisco.
We take pleasure in announcing the first arrival of
NEW NOVELTY SILKS for FALL WEAR. We have
secured this season the most EXTENSIVE ASSORTMENT
of EXCLUSIVE NOVELTIES ever shown in this city, ana-
invite an early inspection of the varied styles now ot
exhibition.
VELVETS! VELVETS!
We have also opened this week 1000 PIECES COL-
ORED SILK VELVETS, in all the new shades for FALL
WEAR. This season we are showing over one hundred
shades of these Velvets, the prices of which are $1.50 and
$2.00 per yard. They are superior in quality and finisb
to the usual $2.00 and $2.50 grades.
TJBILHPHONB QRANT IS4,
111, 113, 116, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
SHOT ON THE JERSY FARM
Edward Maywald a Coachman
Made Things Lively With
a Winchester Rifle.
Fired at Three Men and Succeeded
in Wounding S. C. N.chols
in the Face.
A man named Edward Maywald, a
coachman by occupation, made himself
the terror of the men employed on the
Jersy Farm ranch in San Mateo yester
day morning at 7 o'clock.
From the meager account given of the
affair, together with the reluctance of the
man who got shot, it was not ascertained
\7hat the original cause of the trouble
was.
At the hour named Maywald appeared,
at the Jersey Farm ranch armed with a :
Winchester rifle and without any cere
mony commenced shooting at the men.
He aimed his murderous weapon at one
of the drivers employed on the ranch and
fired two shots at him, neither of which
took effect. He next turned his weapon
on W. H. Hawkins, the foreman of the
Jersey Farm ranch and fired at him, with
the same result.
In the meantime a teamster named 8. C.
Nichols, also an employe on the ranch,
came within his ranjre, when a bullet from
the murderously-inclined Maywald struck
him on the right side of the face and
lodged in the left cheekbone.
This success in bis marksmanship
seemed to appease May wald's wrath, as
he ceased firing and tamely submitted to
arrest.
The Sheriff at Redwood City was tele
phoned to and Maywald was taken to the
County Jail.
The wounded man was conveyed to St.
Luke's Hospital in this City, where an ex
amination was made of his injuries. It
was found that the bullet entered at the
nostril on the right side of his face and
became imbedded in the left cheekbone,
where it still remains, as the physicians
deemed it prudent not to cut it out until
to-day.
Nichols, when seen last night, was rest
ine easy and apparently suffering no ill
effects from the wound. He declined to
make any statement of the cause which
led to the shooting.
In addition to the Winchester with
which Maywald did the shootine he was
armed with a 38-caliber revolver. It is
said that the trouble between the coach
man and the Jersey Farm hands had origi
nated over some unexplained disagiee
ment the previous night.
The Divorce Courts.
Judge Hunt yesterday granted a divorce to
Henrietta D. Mead from James F. Mead, be
cause of the Matter's wiliful neclect.
Eleanor O'Keefe was divorced from Andrew
O'Keefe, because of tne defendant's willful
neglect. Judpe Hunt mad- the decree.
Thomas W. Tompkins was granted a divorce
from Emc A. Tompkins, because of desertion.
The custody of a niiDor child was awarded the
plaintiff by Judge Sanderson.
Cornelius King's Estate.
The contest of the will of Cornelius King oc
cupied almost the entire day in Judge Coffey's
court yesterday. Testimony tending to estab
lish the relationship of the contestants was
heard. Tne case goes on to-day.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
■ 1«'*9»" __/7 '■ > -:'■ ■ ■ • •■ ■ : ' ;
"y ilalle 4>*rjK; 2: sf49 * . ** it «. •;
HimwhZ-v^" v^J^y^V^ 2 - tray-:
22 Geary St., Near Ktarny. n
Plain Black I
Fabrics. I
EXCEPTIONAL VALUES ! I
Black Serge, Black Mohair, 1 1
Black Henrietta, Black Crape Cloth, 9
Black Diagonal, Black Corkscrew, ||
Black A I bat r Black Bonrette, j|
Black Drip d'Alma, Black Cheviot, ||
Black Sicilian, Black Camel's-Bair, |j
Etc. Etc W
Our assortment is the most com- H
plete in this city— most moderate |
prices. 9
Goods sent C. O. D. Samples for- B
warded. tj
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
* Telephone Grant 518. Il
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor,Din-J
ing room, Bedroom and> QHZ (\(\
Kitchen )$ * v V
Fine selected Ash Bedroom) C»1 fi KA
Suit. 6 pieces, Bevel mirror,) «P-LV.UI/
Parlor Suit, upholstered in) QOO Kft
silkbrocatelle... I <P«r*"V
Handsome Sideboard [ $10.00
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases,! © Art
highly polished I tjjj-t. W
 And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) KA pf
Brussels and Ingrains, > wv \JU9
sewed, laid and lined ..... ) and upward
Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. Goods
packed and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Insoection cordially invited and
credit extended to all. .
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
■224, 228. 23 ) and 306 and 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone, Main 1328. Open Evenlng»
j|^&Bs Bolts for $30.
Hg^i >'^??f??>b?vl old-fashioned and poorly
S»sr?r>^iiif-'^— rf^m m » de - can be had by pay.
JiKlJjm?gßf™cU^ 1 ' | 8 your money to electric
.^^^tS^^^p- belt -quacks" and travel-
"WSJ? - : >. \;fc-j^\yi ing "lakers." For a first-
'(• 1 . ' class article at a reasonable
' ■'■".***» *- : price write or call 'lor tre«
' r "'* ; : copy ot our new book L>k_
PJKBCK & SON. 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearnir
Mcondi UUra ana XourUt floors, Ban I rancuca.