VOLUME LXXX.- NO. 53.
PEOPLE'S PARTY MEN
BEGIN THE STRUGGLE,
Opening of Their National Con
vention at Sultry St.
Louis.
MARION BUTLER TAKES
THE CHAIR.
Makes a Long Speech That Very
Few Delegates Are Able
to Hear.
GENERAL WEAVER'S EFFORTS
FOR SECRECY.
Tries in Vain to Assist the Demo
crats by Securing an Execu
tive Session.
The Populist and Silver conventions assembled in separate halls
to-day, the silver men being united on the programme of indorsing
Bryan.
The appointment of the committee on credentials and the
hearing of some long speeches frittered away the afternoon for the
Populists. A violent thunderstorm came up about dusk and the
lightning disarranged the electric light wires, so that the convention
sat for an hour in the dark listening to the band play.
General James B. Weaver of lowa is leading the Bryan forces
with ability.
Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota made a masterly speech in
which he advised adherence to principle, and expressed the hope
that he was not there to attend the funeral of the People's party.
Marion Butler of North Carolina was chosen temporary
chairman.
During the afternoon recess the middle-of-the-road men organ
ized and decided that they will stand together.
Populist leaders are moving heaven and earth to effect some
kind of a fusion with the Democrats.
To-mcrrew may decide t-he f«*e of the People's party.
JOHN PAUL COSGRAVE.
REVIEWED BY COSGRAVE.
The Appointment of a Committee
on Credentials the Only Work
Accomplished.
The Call's Headquarters,)
Hotel Lin dell, " 'f
St. Louis, Mo., July 22. ) ■
General J. B. Weaver of lowa, he who
headed the Greenback ticket on its way to
the cemetery, and who is evidently anxious
and willing to perform the • same last sad
rues for the People's ' party, tried hard to
earn his reward of thirty pieces of silver
to-day. He was buzzing here and- there
among -the delegates urging ' the straight
People's party men to help the Democracy
to another four-year lease of life, and he
went so far in his >azerness to do the bid
ding of Democratic politicians that he sug
gested privately to the members of several
delegations that they should demand an
executive session and to exclude all mem
bers of the press and every one else who is
not a delegate.
When John 8. Dore of Fresno heard of
this he remarked that he did not propose
M IDDLE-OF-THE-ROADS TERS.
These Jkrz Representative Delegates Who Will Qo DoWry to Death
father Tharv Surrender the Principle of the people's party.
to do any business in a People's party con
rention with locked doors. It was follow-*
inn too closely after methods of unscru
pulous politicians of the dominant par
ties.
General Weaver gave as his reason for
The San Francisco Call.
CHAMPIONS OF TRUTH
DEFIANT.
Middle-of-the-Road Men Refuse
to Surrender Their Prin
ciple.
TIXANS LEAD THE FIGHT FOR
INDEPENDENCE.
Simple but Patriotic Eloquence of
Donnelly in Pleading for the
Party.
"THE CALL'S" HEADQUARTERS, )
HOTEL LINDELL.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22. ) .
desiring secrecy that much could be ac
complished if the friends of Mr. Bryan
could quietly talk it over with the dele
gates.
The news of this sewer work reached
the ears of the reporters and they rose in
their might with sharpened pencils and
wrote severe things about the general.
Some called him a trimmer, others a polit
ical shyster, and others a traitor. If it
were dignified journalism and 1 felt it my
duty to call the general whatever name I
thought might fit him a little better than
his political record, I would rise to remark
that a man who would ask his. party to
abandon its platform and to nominate the
offspring of a Democratic convention was
a traitor to his party. But as it is not
dignified to call names I shall not apply
the term to tne ceneraL I simply pity
him in hia old age.
Texas loped into the convention hall
late to-day, its delegation having been in
creased from 95 to 103 by the National
Executive Committee, that beine the just
apportionment of the Btate according to
the number of Populist votes cast by it at
the last election. Most of the delegates
had retired late and awoke tins morning
red-eyed and early to talk politics, Four
of them, who slept on cots in-a room next
to mine at the Hurst Junior Hotel, awoke
me and the Governor of Nebraska and his
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 23, 1896.
DEMANDING SIXTEEN TO ONE
WILLIAM P. ST. JQHJI. Permanent Chairman of the Silver
Convention, Who .Made an Earnest JJppeal in Behalf -
of the White .Metal.
staff at 4 o'clock this morning, talking
Populism.
Owing to the intense heat and sultriness
of the weather stfch of the Texans and Col
oradoans who had inadvertently left their
guns in the hotel safe on the night before
took off their coats and vests and cooled
their throbbing brows with palmleaf fans.
They were indeed a picturesque crowd.
They could not sit still a moment. Before
the convention was called to order one of
their number mounted a chair and made a
speech, advising them to stick to principle
and die in the last ditch if necessary.
. The opportunity to clear their throats
with a coyote r yell - came ' when several
workmen proceeded to nail a crayon
portrait of Lincoln , to the , gallery. > : Th«
portrait was f ram ed ; in the ' "stars and
stripes, and when the Texas I men saw iit
they rose to it as a trout .to a fly, and gave
a whoop, followed Tby the : blood-curdling
bark of the coyote and the war-whoop of
the Apache. They cheered the picture of
honest old Abe again and again, did these
men who wore the blue and : gray for and '
against him in the dark and terrible days
of war and desolation. The past was for
gotten, and the loyal souls of Union and
Confederate veterans broke forth in that
hearty cheer. ; J
• Break such men as these away from the
middle of the road? Ah, no, General
Weaver. Not even Cyclone Davis ( could
do that.
By the way, talking of "Cyclone Davis,"
I observed that he kept 160 feet distant
from the Texans during all the proceed
ings. He occupied a seat on the platform
beside his colaborer in the vineyard of
political shame, General Weaver, and did
not get near his colleagues. The reason
for interposing a considerable wad of
space between his tall figure ana the 103
sunburned men from the Lone Star State
waa perfectly obvious to the "Cyclone"
and no diagram was required to explain
it. In this morning's Globe- Democrat
appeared a set of whereases &nd one reso
lution by the "Cyclone," the resolution
being to the effect that it would be well to
make some arrangement on Presidential
Electors with the Democrats. As the
"Cyclone," like some others that I wot of.
are pretending to be middle-of-the-road
men, the effect of this proposition on the
Texans may be easily imagined.
"We will fix 'Cyclone 1 Davis," roared
one of them this morning.
That was a loyal and patriotic speech of
Ignatius Donnelly yf Minnesota. All who
have read his "Atlantis" or "Caesar's
Column" or "The Great Cryptogram, "
will concede at once that he is a man of
brain. A burst of general ana spontaneous
applause greeted his appearance. He is a
very stout, short man, with the head of a
Caesar, round and very thick from the
nape of the neck to the chin. It is a stub
born head, one you might expect to have
butted into your stomach should you give
it offense. It is a face denoting bulldog
tenacity and fearlessness. A strong,
assertive, bold and self-reliant visage,
with the history of centuries of oppression
and battlings written upon it. Yet there
is nothing cross or ungentle about this
man. He has the manners of a gentle
man, which he is, and the appearance of a
student and a scholar, which the world
knows him to be. In a clear, hieh voice,
and with an expression which left no
doubt of his sincerity on the minds of his
hearers,, he made a speech which reached
the very center of their hearts.
He pleadea with them to stand by the
People's party, and his plea was made
with a simple eloquence that was' tenfold
more effective than if it were delivered
with ali the Delsarte graces of the profes
sional elocutionist -who talks that which
he does not mean. Nor was it necessary
for him to crucify a scarecrow on a gold
brick to win the praise or sympathy of his
hearers. I reeard it as a great speech by
a great man, for it is great in its simplicity
and earnestness.
Marion Butler made a eood speech
which was heard by but few owing to the
poor voice and delivery of the gentleman
from North Carolina. But Mr. Butler
made the mistake of talking for about an
hour and tiring that part of'the conven
tion which could not hear a word of what
he was saying. The temptation waa too
great for mortal man to withstand.
It was the opportunity ot his life and he
made the most of it, but he made lifelong
enemies of the reporters. Mr. Butler re
joices in the possession of a beantiful
black bang, wbica arches over his brow
like a cataract and hangs down with all
the suggestiveness of a horse's tail. He
made several very brilliant Bryan efforts
by pushing the bang back with his rig lit
hand and then flop it down again. This
kind of hirsute calisthenic was varied by
a spasmodic pulling and clutching at his
beard, which gave the gentleman a very
Populiatic appearance.
Populists like good speaking and are
responsive in sympathy to thoughts that I
burn and words that glow, and that is why |
during the whole of that tedious hour no j
■one was impolite enough to call time on !
the happy Mr. Untie--, who felt that be j
waa making the great speech A iv» life.
For a similar reason, when a silver Demo
crat in the mask of a Populist called for
three clieers for Bryan, the convention
hissed.
The thunderstorm. It was said, was j
what interrupted the lighting of the con- j
vention hall this evening. The hall was .
full of delegates sitting in the dark, while '
dim tallow candles furnished by the tele- i
graph companies to the press threw a '
ghastly dirty yeJlow light into the dark- !
ness without penetrating it. The band
played "Dixie" and tne boys whooped
an>J the night ended without anything
having been accomplished save the ap- !
pointment of tne committee on creden
tials.
Much bitterness exists between the mid
dle-of-the-road men and the Bryan Demo
cratic Populists. The first allege that their
leaders have sold out. They also say that
Thomas V. Cator of California, General
Weaver, Mrs. Mary E. Lease, Cyclone
Bpyan Populists' Headquarters at St. Louis.
Davis, Taubeneck and others are working
for Bryan. They are disgusted and some
thing hot will pop to-morrow.
John Paul Cobqbave.
♦
SPEECHES ARE THE ORDER.
Many Pleas Made In the Conven
tion for the Preservation of
the People's Party.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— The same
uncertainty and confusion prevailed about
the hour of meeting of the People's party
convention as about the various other
matters connected with it. Ten o'clock,
11 and noon had been publicly given out
as tbe hour, with more or less apparent
authority. At the earliest of these points
of time there was not fifty delegates in the
Convention Hall, and only a few solitary
figures were to be seen scattered here and
there throughout the galleries. An hour
later there had been accessions that about
doubled the number of people on the floor
and in the galleries. The hall was prac
tically in the same condition as to arrange
ments and decorations that it was when
tl.e Republican convention assembled in
it five weeks ago, except that the pictures
of Washington, Grant, Sherman and
others had been taken away, and that the
place reserved for tbe chairman, secretaries
and other officials and celebrities on the
stage was absolutely unprovided with
tables, chairs or any other part of the nec
essary outfit. The reason for this naked
ness in the most important and conspicu
ous place in the hali was past finding out.
At 11:30 a. m. the first motion was made
Continued on Third I'aoe.
SILVERITES SEEKING
POPULISM SUPPORT.
Their Convention Awaits the
Report of the Committee
on Conference.
BRYAN AND SEWALL
ARE POPULAR.
No Doubt as to the Indorsement
of the Democratic Nomi
nees.
PERSONALITY OF CHAIRMAN
ST. JOHN
Impresses People With the Candor of
His Purpose and Advocates
It Heartiy.
The Call's Headquarters.)
Hotel Lindell, >
St. Louis, Mo., July 22. )
The National Silver Convention was
opened to-day without prayer. It is the
only gathering of the kind that ever had the i
boldness to overlook the importance of the i
gospel in connection with convention pre
liminaries. The managers say it was sim
ply an oversight on their part. The op
position declares, however, that cham- !
pions of the white metal were fearful lest
the exhorter of divine blessing might in' j
the excitement of the moment dwell with
unnecessary emphasis on the golden
streets that are said to exist in another
and better land, to the exclusion of the
paradise that is so cheerfully promised to
all who are now riding in the silver-plated
chariot. Anyway, there was no prayer
and the absence of a representative of the
cloth was generally commented upon.
There will be a minister of the gospel on
duty to-day, however, and the delibera
tions of the body will henceforth be punc
tuated with prayer.
The convention to-day was a representa
tive gathering of silver men. They were
dilatory in arriving and slow and st\ipid
in their methods. They lacked the train-
Ing of the politician and statesman and
looked and acted like a body of business
men who were at sea as to how they should
proceed to carry out an arrangement which
they had already agreed was wise and
proper. All were of the same mind as to
the indorsement of Bryan and Bewail, but
seemed timid as to what action the Popu
lists would take on the issue. Finally,
after the permanent organization had been
completed, a conference committee of one
from each State was appointed, a letter
was written to the Populists and all were
measurably happy in the thought that at
least one step had been taken in the right
direction. Then the convention adjourned
until to-morrow morning to await the
action of the "Pops."
Francis G. Newlanda of Nevada was
temporary chairman of the convention.
He appeared clad in a light suit of
clothes, pink shirt front and highly col
ored cravat. His eminently fashionable
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE RELIGIOUS SERVICE
OMITTED.
First American National Gather
ing Ever Opened With
out Prayer.
THAT MISTAKE IS ALREADY
REMEDIED.
President Cleveland Vigorously De-
nounced by Advocates of
Free Coinage.
dress furnished a striking contrast to the
plain, earnest miners whom he addressed.
Newlands made an excellent speech,
which was enthusiastically received by
the assemblage. He was argumentative
l rather than eloquent, and reviewed quite
extensively the complicated financial
question, and championed the cause of
silver with much earnestness and energy.
His defense of the Democratic ticket was
I pronounced.
William P. St. John of New York was
I made permanent chairman. His address
was short but full of meat — from a silver
standpoint. St John is nothing if not
honest. He impresses people with the
candor of his purpose. There is no gauze
to him. He tells you that he stands on a
silver platform, and advocates his cause in
a manner that is refreshing.
The proceedings of the convention to
day were not demonstrative. There were
a few outbreaks of passion or enthusiasm,
but on the whole the gathering was noth
ing less than a Bryan-Sewall love feast.
Even Senator Teller of Colorado and
Joseph C. Sibley of Pennsylvania sent
cheering messages to the silver wigwam.
j "The money question overshadows all
I others," telegraphed Senator Teller. Mr.
! Sibley was no less outspoken. He favored
the indorsement of the entire Democratic
ticket. "Let the issue be squarely joined,"
he wrote, "and the verdict of the people
recorded."
Cleveland was denounced as vigorously
as Bryan was praised. The convention ia
of one mind. It is blind to ali save the
silver lining; it claims to see beyond the
dark clouds of distress that now hang
threateningly over the Nation.
Fbank McGuibk,
DONE IN CONVENTION.
A Committee Appointed to Urge
the Populists to Nominate
Bryan and Sewall.
NATIONAL SILVER CONVENTION,
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— The conditions
governing entrance to the Silver Conven
tion to-day were almost as rigorous as at
Chicago on the opening day of the Demo
cratic Convention, although the demands
for admittance were so few that at five
minutes of 12 there was no one in the
galleries but tbe band, and on the floor
scarcely more than 200 persons, including
visitors.
Temporary Chairman Newlands and
Representative Towne of Minnesota, one
of the bolting Republicans, appeared and
took seats on the. platform, accompanied
by slight applause. They were soon fol
lowed by W. P. St. Jdhn, the ex-New
York National banker, slated for perma
nent chairman, who was not recoenized
by the people present.
Among the delegates, who began to
enter the hall in squads at noon, were a
number of ladies, the Colorado delegation
alone containing six. .Their gowns were
of the latest pattern and hats of the
smartest variety. They occupied front
seats. Senator Pettierew of South Dakota,
another of the Republican bolters, arrived
at 12:05 and joined Messrs. Newlands and
St. John on the platform.
At 12:15 Chairman Dr. Mott of North
Carolina ana Secretary Keeney of Califor
nia arrived and at 12:80 Dr. Mott called
the convention to order, announcing that
the proceedings would be opened with the
reading of the call for the convention, by
J. M. Devine, secretary of the Bimetallic
League. At this time there were probably
400 delegates in their seats and two score
spectators.
At 12:35 Dr. Mott introduced Hon.
Francis G. Newlands, representative in
Congress from Nevada, as the temporary
chairman, who addressed the convention
as follows :
Gentlemen of the Convention: In January
last a conference of the leading bimetaliists of
the country was held at Washington. The ex
pectation at that time was that both the
Democratic and Republican parties would at
the coming National conventions either de
clare for the gold standard or would seek to
deceive the vo ters by evasive platforms, and
anticipating this the purpose of the conferenca
was to inaugurate a new political movement
ior tne unification of the silver forces of the
country regardless of former political affilia
tions. A National convention was called, and
M the result of the organization which has
since taken place in almost ali the States of the
Union the National silver partjftmeets to-day
to determine what course will best advance the
cause which we have at heart.
The conventions of the old parties
have been held and have made public
declaration of their principles. The Rerubli
can party has declared for the gold stand
ard. Practically this means gold mono
metallism, the system of finance inaugurated
by Harrison and continued by Cleveland. Sil.
ver is denied its lime-honored use as redemp
tion money, and has become simply the ma
terial upon which is stamped a good promise,
and »o our gree nbacks, our treasury notes and
silver certificates, instead of being money,
b&ve been turned into a gola debt, and thi
i primary money oi the country is confined te2
QENERAL. J/IMES B. WEAVER, Once the Idol of - the people*!
Partvj, but Who Is J^oW Doing ~-fi\\ in His PoWer to
Secure the Indorsement of Bryan.
the limited amount of gold approximating
$500,000,000, which an adverse balance of
trade is constantly depicting with all the at
tendant evils of continuing bond issues.
The Democratic party has declared for the
free and unlimited coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1 without waiting for inter
national action. Whilst it has made other
declarations in its platform it has announced
that the silver question is tbe patamout issue
of the day and that to it all other questions are
to be subordinated. It has nominated a can
didate of unimpeachable character, of exalted
ability, of inflexible integrity, of high purpose,
who has never faltered for a moment in his
devotion to the cause of bimetallism. Firm,
but not headstrong; confident, but not self
sufficient; near to ihe people, but not dema
gogic; determined for reform, yet without a
single lncendiarv speech or private utterance
to mar his record; possessing a happy combin
ation of the oratorical and logical qualities;
young, courageous and enthusiastic, yet delib
erate and w-;se he stands as the ideal candidate
of a movement whicn, tnongh termed a move
men; for reform, really means a return to the
wise conservatism of our fathers.
The issue has been presented by a party
which has been recently discredited before
the country by the financial and industrial
disturbances which it has created through
the repeal of the Sherman act and by
threatening and actual tariff legislation.
Dragged into financial agitation by the deter
mined will of an executive whom it has since
repudiated, it proposes not merely to reverse
legislation already enacted, but to po further
and to declare for the tree and unlimited
coinage of silver, and besides it proposes to
guarantee the country against further indus
trial disturbance and any agitation for further
chances in the tariff law", except such as are
necessary to make up the deficit of revenue.
This latter announcement Is particularly
gratifying to many ol us who believe that the
silver question and moderate protection are
twin issues; that the former means protection
to the American fanner against the disastrous
competition of silver countries; that the latter
means protection to the American manu
facturer and Ms employes against the
disastrous competition of cneap foreign labor,
and that it is only by the union of
productive forces of the country, whether in
tlie field or the factory, for mutual proteqtion
that the remorseless power of monetary con
traction can be stayed. While it would have
been wiser to confine the Democratic platform
to issues concerning which bimetallisms would
not differ, thus securing the complete unifica
tion of all the silver forces, yet a simple ques
tion is presented to sincere bimetallists
throughout the country, and that is whether
they will permit differences as to non-essential
Issues to divide them— thus insuring the defeat
of the common cause — or whether preserving
their independence of conviction and action
as to non-essentials they shall accept the br 11-
Ijant leader whom the Democratic party has
named, and, uniting all the silver forces wner
ever organized into one invincible army.march
to victory in November next. I apprehend
that the singleness of purpose which has thus
far characterized this organization will be ap
parent in onr deliberations here, and that its
action will be inspired by the highest patriot
ism and by an earnest desire for the advance- '
ment of tbe great cause which means so much
to humanity.
And now, gentlemen, before entering upon
the consideration of the platforms of the re
spective parties let me correct a misapnrehen
sion indulged in to largely by the Eastern
press as to the purpose of this movement. It
is not intended to pay debts with 50-cent dol
lar*, or to drive away gold or to debase our
currency. Our purpose simply is, by increas
ing the coinage and use of silver and by giving
It equal privileges with gold, to raise its value,
and by diminishing the strain on gold which
gold monometallism has caused, to take away
Us unjust appreciation, and thus by putting up
the value of silver and pulling down the velue
of gold to restore the old ratio, so that sixteen
ounces of silver will be worth (in bullion, as
well as in coin) one ounce of gold. Thus the
gold unit of value — the dollar— based on both
metals, instead of one, will be restored and we
shall have a gold dollar worth 100 cents in
silver and a silver dollar worth 100 cents in
gold.
Ii we are asked why this rate is determined
unon, our auswer Is not only that that has
been the customary ratio for years, but also
that the total stock of silver coin in the world
is $4,000,000,000; that the total stock of gold
coin Is approximately the same, and that if
the total stocks of silver and poid were each
melted into a solid mass the silver mass would
be about sixteen times as great in weight as
the gold mass. We also answer that to-day the
relative production of the two metals is
approximately in the same proportion. We
must establish by law some relation of value
between the two metals. And we propose to
value silver a* it will stand after restoration to
equality of privileges with gold, and not while
It Is discredited by unequal laws.
The restoration cf bimetallism is apparent.
It will not only give the world an increasing
volume of currency, proportioned to the in
crease of population and to the extension of
business, commerce and enterprise, but it will
do away with the dislocation of exchanges
that has existed between the gold-standard
and sliver-standard countries, a dislocation
which ha* immensely stimulated the produc
tion of silver-standard countries in farm prod
ucts and which is abont to stimulate their
manufacturing production, to the Injury of
the gold-standard countries. Our wheatnelds
and our cottun-fie-dg have Cready felt the
force of silver-standard competition, for the
prices of Oriental imd other silver-standard
countries— always stable in silver— have de
clined in gold, just as gold has appreciated.
The Indian wheat-grower receives to-day
just as he did twenty years ago. an ounce of
silver for a bushel of woeat; he sells It for that
price to the Liverpool importer, who also offers
to the American wheat-grower an ounce of
•liver, which, formerly worth $1 2o in
gold, 1* to-day worth only 65 cento. The re
suit is that tbe American wheat-grower re
ceives in gold half of what he received in
1873. And so it ia with cotton and other farm
product*. The value of our exportable
products with which we pay our debts has con
stantly declined, in gold the bnlance of trade
is against us. and it must be paid >n gold. We
propose by restoring tbe old co.d price of sli
ver to restore old void price of our farm
product*, aud to change tbe balance of trade
with a favorable instead of an adverse balance.
That this ought to be accomplished every one
admits.
The Republican party by it« plea for inter
national adjustment admits that the gold
standard is a bad thine and that of bimetal
lism a goodfhing, but it claims that' bimetal
lism can only be restored by international ac
tion. I shall not dwell long on this aspect of
the question. It is sufficient to say that the
Republican party limits our negotiation to
the leading commercial nations, and those of
course are known to be England, France and
Germany. While the agricultural and mann
fßcturing classes of those countries are friendly
to bimetallism, and while parliamentary reso
lutions favoring bimetallism have been pass^.i
in each, there is no indication that the execu
tive department of any of those governments
is in any way using its diplomatic powers to
accomplish it. Tbe fact is thai the executive
department ol importance, including or.rown,
is directed in its financial policy by the gold
monopoly. While France indicates a friendli
ness for bimetallism, and while Germany In a
measure has relaxed its hostility, both declare
that they will not act without the co-operation
of England, and England, through the minis
try of both her political parties, has declared
her unalterable purpose to adhere to the gold
standard. ;, • . ..--:
The reason is apparent. The great advance
of gold monometallism has given England the
control of the credits of the world. Her people
now own bonds of. other countries to an
amount aggregating many iimes the total gold
stock of the world. England is built up. Her
narrow limits will not permit much Increase
of population. Her. local property cannot be
much Increased in value. . By her manu
factures and her extended commerce she has
invaded every country with her forces of in
dustry and enterprise, and she has accumu
lated the gold of the world, and she now loans
it out over and ever again to the countries
from which she has made profit. Her wealth j
consists mainly in credits; and the creditor
class bos become the dominating power. Eng
land has always been a class-governed coun
try. The land-owning class, once so control
ling, gave way to the manufacturing class ui.
der the leadership of Cobden ; and the corn
laws prostrated the agricultural Interests.
The manufacturing class has now yielded to
the creditor or -banking class, which to-day
■dominates the councils of England, fixes her
policies and enters her decrees.
The friends of bimetallism stood expectant
when Balfour came into power. They have
only recently realized that shackies have been
upon his limbs and that he is powerless to aid
the cause which he so brilliantly advocated.
What argument can we nse to abate England's
purpose? That the amount of gold In the
world Is too limned for the world's business}
Her answer is that her people own almost all
tbe gold in the world; that they have enough
and a plethora and out of their abundance
loan it toother nations on bonds and mort
gages. Will you say that gold appreciates and
that products have diminished in value? Her
answer will be that she desires its apprecia
tion. Will yon say that the appreciation of
gold has stimulated the production of silver
standard countries and that their competition
has lowered the gold price of all farm products?
Her answer will be that she raises but little of
these; that she buys and that the cheaper she
buys the better. *■*:-• •..-.,.(-. »...-
Should we point out to the land-owning class
in England the burdens of which have become
almost intolerable, her answer will be thai
some interests must suffer in pursuing a great
national policy, and. that the English Govern
ment will stand as Heretofore tor the interests
of the governing class of the country, the class
wnich subordinates every, subject of domestic
and economic policy to the desire of maintain
ing a constantly increasing control over : he
products of labor throughout the world by a
system whicn makes her a. controlling power
in peace and war; a partner without risk in
a I enterprises, and the absorber of ■ the profits
of world-wide production. ■■-.■' i -"-.■•. •> ,
To this policy of enlightened . selfishness no
man who knows the controlling motives of
both nations 'and individuals can oppose ra
tional objections. We do not object to English
policy on English soa. We object to an Eng
lish policy on American soil. .•■ -
England's wealth consists In gold; our
! wealth consists in property and .products. ;
* England .is a creditor nation;, the United
Slates is a debtor nation. England is inter
ested in having money dear and. products
cheap. We rely on good prices for our prod
ucts in order to pay our foreign debts.' Eng
land proposes to pursue a policy which will
increase the value of the gold that she owns.
Ought not we to pursue a policy which will
increase the value of the property we own and
of the products which we export f Do the imi
tators of the Englisn policy in this country re
alize that there is a difference In interest be- !
tween the buyer and the sellers, between the
creditor nation and the debtor or producing
nation? What should be our policy? Why, to
increase the use of silver and in that way in
crease its values so as to restore its old parity
with gold.
We find that the dislocation between fold
and silver has given the. advantage in pro
duction to countries : that are not on the gold
basis; that their f arm products (whose prices
are stable in silver* altnough reduced in gold),
are oompeting with ours in foreign markets to I
our own disadvantage, and that their manu
factured products, produced at a labor cost
stable in silver, but reduced in gold, offer a
menace: in the future, to our home manufac
tures, protected though they be by tar. laws.
We have at stake the interests of the grt-at
debtor Nation of the world, of me greatest sil
ver producing Nation of tie world; of a Na
tion,yielding the greatest' amount of farm
products in the world— farm products on which
we rely for the payment of our foreign dents
and toe prices of which have been driven
down in gold as silver has fallen. :; '. -
The Republican party proposes to confine
our bimetallic negotiation to but three coun
triesEngland,-France and Germany — whose
interests as gold owning and creditor nations
are directly opposed to our interests, while it
ignores the numerous debtor and producing
nations with which an effective alliance might
be made for the increase of the use of silver.
Where is the gold of the world Keiertothe
Mint Director's report and you will find that
of the four thousand million dollars of gold in
the world, all oi which if melted would occupy
a cube- of only 22 feet, one-half is actually
located in England, Germany and France.
Look at the registered list of bonds and mort
gages and you will, find that the her half,
though scattered in other countries, is tied by
the string of bond or mortgage to those three
creditor countries so that it -may be drawn
away at any time from debtor countries, thus
prostrating their business and riling their
finances. So that instead of devoting their
time to uninterrupted productions of wealth,
their, energies are wasted in trying to catch
gold on the fly: .Think of it! One-half of the
gold of , the world actually needed lor the local
business, of those | three | countries, hardly dis
cernible In: the vast area of the earth's sur
face, and yet our monometallic friends tells us
that the other half is sufficient for the business
of the rest of the world, occupying a vast area
of country and; having a population* twelve
times as great as that of the three combined.
All agree that the competitive use 01 silver
in the world's exchanges should be restored.
The Republican party proposes that we shall
limit our negotiations only to the beneficiaries
of : the gold monopoly and that we shall not
apply to the victim* of that monopoly, for as
sistance or . aid. . Was ■ monopoly ever beaten
down by such methods? Was ; monopoly ; ever
impaired ;by persuasion .; addressed' to . the
monopolist? In transportation the victims of
monopoly | resort ito '. a competitive > road. * In
public lighting the victims resort to a compe
titive gas or. electric; light company; but, ac
cording to the doctrines: of the Republican
party the victims of the gold monopoly who
so greatly outnumber the beneficiaries of that
monopoly are not •, invited to ; join the ground
> for common ; defense " and protection, but; In
place of that the United States toe victim suf
fering most of all stretches out the hands of
' diplomatic persuasion to the countries whose
' monopoly it seeks to break down. -•--.- *
( : Had the Republican party proposed in its
platform— insiead of confining its negotiations
. only to three countries thiU have a plethora of
metallic money— to call : a conference : of the
i debtor » and producing nations of ' the ■ world
whose stocks of metallic money; (both gold
and silver) are small and ..which ; ha ve been
compelled to issue large ' amounts of depre
ciated paper money because of the ' scarcity i of
i metallic money, we would then have a "con
tempUled arrangement with countries whose
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
absorbing capacity for silver would be great.
The first step, however, toward such a union
is the courageous action of this country. Let
that action be taken and we will have the. in
telligent co-operation of Russia; Austria and
other European nations that have made in
effectual attempts by the accumulation of gold
to provide for gold redemption, all of whom
know that their accumulated gold would slip
out of their boundaries . like water out or a
sieve If gold redemption were attempted. For
it is a Singular fact that there is not a debtor
country in the world that has been able to
maintain gold payments of its paper money,'
except our own, and we accomplish it only by
bond issue, which in reality constitutes the
premium paid for gold. v-~ •"• ■
But enough of international conference. It
has simply been used as a club to beat down
National action on the silver question. Are
we not, • gentlemen, exaggerating the difficul
ties of the task before us? Remember that in
order to restore silver It is only necessary to
absorb the current product of the mines. The
accumulated stock is in the shape of coin bear
ing the stamp of 'various governments, and it .,
is absurd to assume that the owners of such
com will send it here simply to receive the
American stamp. Silver coin it is and silver
coin . it .would remain. There is no surplus
anywhere in the shape of bullion, for the bul
lion in the treasury - vaults is constructively
coined and is represented by silver certificates
and treasury notes now in circulation.
. The current product of ; the mines is now
all absorbed in current uses— in the arts, in
coinage and for other purposes. Any demand
that we create : would be a new demand, and
would have a tendency to increase the value
of the current product. But we are told that
increase of value will increase production. Of
course, no man cau foretell what the produc
tion of silver will be, but the best test of the
limitation of the future is the limitation of the
past, and we all know that all , the silver
coined in the world— the result of operation of
silver mining for — can be put into a cube
of sixty-six feet. The world has never pro
duced enough of metallic money. The fact that
to-day over one-fourth of the money of the
world uncovered paper money proves this.
Now, what increased use can you suggest for
silver in this country that will increase the
value of the product of the mines? Our per
capita circulation is currently stated to be $22
to $25. Our population is increasing at the
rate of over two -millions a year. It would
take between $50,000,000 and $60,000,000 a
year to maintain <he present per capita so long
as the population increases at that rate. But
is a per capita circulation of $25 sufficient?
Such a per capita circulation might be suffi
cient for a credit nation like England, whose
area is limited, whose population is dense,
whose exchanges are easy and whose ability to
increase her coin reserves is made easy by the
great debts owinj, to her people. But certainly
it is not sufficient in a vast debtor country
like this, with its immense area, its scattered
population and its limited methods of ex
change. If we should increase our per capita
to $30 we would have to coin $70,000,000 a
year for five years.
Besides, our National bank circulation has
been gradually contracting and is bound to be
withdrawn altogether when the balance of
trade is restored in our favor by good prices
for our products and the surplus of revenue is
applied to the National debt. - It will take
$40,000,000 a year lor five years to take the
place of the National bank notes, so that we
have here an increased demand for silver of
nearly $200,000,000 in this country, without
any inflation or expansion beyond a per capita
of $30. This demand is equal to the entire
current product of the mines, which is already
exhausted in current use. Can any man say
that a new demand of such magnitude shall
not restore the old parity? And if the old
parity is restored, will not this talk about
j 50-cent dollars and a debased currency en
tire, cease? The gold monomctallists pro
pose to. maintain this parity by the redemptton
of silver in gold, We propose; the rightful
method of restoring parity by increasing- the
use and consequently increasing the value, of
silver, and by restoring the time-honored use
as money of redemption equally with gold.
But suppose the fears of our alarmist friends
are realized, and -that nature instead of ex
posing her silver treasure as she has. done in
the past, gradually and progressively to meet
the wants of the world for money, should
expose it in large abundance, is not this a mat
ter of easy control? Recollect that silver
mines already existing will soon, be ex
hausted. The Comstock lode in my own State,
which alarmed all Europe, is now reduced in
its production to $500,000 per annum. The
mines of the future are in the ungranted
mineral lands of this country and Mexico, for
remember that Mexico and the United Slates
produce two-thirds of the silver of the world.
Will it not be easy to limit those grants, either
by exacting royalty or by total withdrawal, so
that the silver stores of the future may not be
unduly drawn upon for the present, and that
the calm and equal production of silver com
mensurate with its use may be established and
secured? '-
For three years you have bonn on the gold
standard. Do you' like it?: For twenty-three
years you have waited for international ac
tion. Can you wait longer, and who are to
take the lend in this reform— the beneficiaries
of the gold monopoly or it* victims ?;,- And who
are the victims?. Look on the map of your
country and mark the area of distress as ' indi
cated by the railroads that have been placed
in the .hands of receivers since 1893, compris
ing nearly one-third of the entire mileage ot
the country. You will find it in the mining
belt, comprising six States and three Terri
tories, whose basis; of industry, with which
a'l their industries, agricultural, commercial,
railroad and banking were corelated. is suffer
ing from the. decline of silver.. Mark tbe
wheat belt of the Northwest and the cotton
belt of tbe South and you will find that in
those areas voted to mining, to wheat-rais
ing and cotton-crowing more than one-half of
the local railroad mileage has gone into the
hands of receivers since 1893. . - ...
Low-priced products will not stand high
rates. Producers who produce at a loss can
not buy goods that require transportation,
and so the railroads have suffered in the trans
portation of the product* of the region through
which they pass and of the goods which they
return to tne producers in exchange. The
gradual fall in the price of silver has for
twenty years seriously -affected the Western
and Southern States, as their products have
! been compelled to compete with the product
| of silver-standard countries, toe prices of
I which, stable in silver, have gradually gone
i down in gold until their price is now one-half
I of what it used to be.
It Is true that the New England and Middle
States suffered but little until 1893. and then
largely because of diminished markets in the
South and West and loss, from their railroad
securities and other interests in tre South and
West. , They suffered the least because they
were creditor States whose I margin of security
did not disappear until 1893, and also because
they were manufacturing States whose indus
tries were protected against cheap European
labor, thus enabling them to monopolize the
home market. They have not yet suffered
from Oriental. competition, for the manufac
tured production of those countries, stimulated
by the margin of security, did not disappear
until 1893. They have not yet suffered from
Oriental competition, for the manufactured
production oi - those ■ countries, stimulated by
the appreciation of gold, ha* thus far
met « nly the - requirements of the local
market;!, although it has seriously affected
English and German manufacturers who used
to supply such markets, but the Eastern States
will, soon suffer from Oriental competition.
Japanese production is looking out for Ameri
can markets, for their products will naturally
seek a country whose labor cost is the highest.
No tariff short of absolute exclusion will pro
tect the Eastern States against this Invasion,
and exclusion Is impossible, for the Western
and Southern States will not consent to a
I policy which surrenders their products to the
competition of silver-standard countries. It
is . evident that, with a view to protect the
products oi this country, whether from the
•.arm or the factory, against : the products of
silver-standard countries, our policy should
be by increasing the use of . silver, to . pull .up
its value and thus, by the use ot a competitive
metal, to pull down the value of gold. By
doing this we will take away at least half of
the efficiency ol tbe*eompetiug labor of silver
standard countries.'
- We therefore claim that the ' free coinage of
sliver at the ratio of 10 to 1 by this country is
practicable; that it will restore the old rela
tive value of silver and gold, release this coun
try from dependence , upon foreign gold, im
pair « the competitive efficiency of the cheap
labor of silver standard countries; restore the
value of our agricultural products with which
we pay our debts abroad and save this country
from -a, manufacturing competition that will
p-qve destructive.- This question has not been
fought out m the manufacturing States of -the
country as it has been in ■ the mining camps,
the wheat fields : and ; the ' cotton : plan ions ;
but the manufacturers of this country before
tbe end of | this campaign will learn that their
Interests are in common with those of the gen
eral producers of the country, and the Oriental
competition which | has I been to destructive to
the larmers will, in the end, be destructive to
the manufacturers. ."' -,:: -.. . - .-\.- -■;-
We hope to see the wheat 'interests and the
mining interest*,' tbe cotton Interests? and the
manufacturing interests united against tue op
ponents of bimetallism. For recollect that it
is the dealers in money, the; dealers in prod
ucts and the carriers of the products that have
made a union against the productive energies
of the country,' whether those productive
energies ; ' are ? displayed , in i cotton and : wool
manufactures In the 'New England and Middle
States, the Iron and coal Industries in Pennsyl
vania and the cotton industries of the South,
or in the mining of silver in the great West,
and we may rest assured that this country will
in time pursue a policy of enlightened self-in
terest, It will realize it is to its interest us a
producer of over one-third of I the entire silver
of the world, as the greatest; debtor nation t of
the world, as the greatest producing nation in
the world, to stop the; appreciation of gold, to
stop the building up in value of every
unit * of ; r this ;•' four « ; - thousand millions
In ■ gold, whose ;: present home ; is ,in _ tnree
foreign countries. And with the change: will
come beneficent results not only to producers
but to the banking, mercantile j and : railroad
Interests, which are now so steadily opposing
us. ; The/ will realize that their prosperity it
based upon the general prosperity of the en
tire country, and that the prosperity of this
country cannot continue so long as debtor and
producing nations recognize gold as the only
money metal and by their action build up its
value and increase its control over the prod
ucts of labor.
This campaign is to open up an era of edu
cation, and in this work the Silver party en
ters animated by no sectional spirit, con
trolled by no feeling of envy against the more
prosperous, but inspired by the desire to
maintain a broad American policy which shall
protect the interests of American production
whether in the mining-camps of the moun
tains, the wheat fields of "the West, the cotton
field* of the Soutn or the factories of New
England. But let us remember always in this
contest that union is strength, and that the
motto of our opponents is now as it has al
ways been, "Divide and conquer."
Mr. Newlands' references to tbe declara
tions of the Democratic platform for free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1
without international agreement and to
the qualities of the Democratic candidate
were received with much favor by the del
egates. His assertion that the Silver
party objected to English policy upon
American soil elicited tbe most tumultu
ous applause of any point of his speech.
Mr. Newlands spoke fifty minutes and
was warmly applauded at the close.
A permanent organization was then un
dertaken, the committee beiiig»Uamed by
calling the roll of States. Some of those
represented failed to respond, so that it
was impossible to teil how many States
were in the convention. After naming
the com mittee on credentials the temporary
chairman suggested that the State delega
tions get together *nd elect their represen
tatives on the several committees.
Pending the reports Miss Lallie Pierce of
St. Louis was escorted to the platform.
She was arrayed in a garb of white, over
which was draped the American flag and
with a liberty cap on her head. She car
ried a small flag, and, waving it, said:
"Americans, under the folds of our grand
old flag 1 salute you." Then she recited
the Declaration of Independence.
Tne conclusion of the recitation was
marked by a wild outburst of apnlause,
while the band played "Columbia." A
motion that the thanks of the convention
be tendered Miss Pierce was adoptea by a
rising vote amid more cheering.
It was finally agreed that the State dele
gations should hand the names of persons
selected for coinruitteemen to the secre
tary. While the lists were being prepared
Chairman Newlands read the following
telegram from Senator Teller:
Denver, Colo., July 21.
/. JV. Stevens, St. Louis : The money question
overshadows all others. On Its rightful deter
mination depends the prosperity of the people
and the perpetuity of republican institutions.
All ot.'ier questions must be subordinate to it.
A vote for Bryan and Sewall is a vote for
industrial and financial Independence of the
American people from foreign domination aud
control. They should have the (support of all
opponents of the gold staiidard.
H. M. Teller.
The sentiments contained in ttie tele
gram were vigorously applauded. A mo
tion to take a recess caused some discus
sion. Judge Scott of Nebraska suggested
an adjournment until to-morrow at 10
A. m. There was no necessity, he said, of
oeine in a hurry in this matter. "It took
the Republican party a whole week in this
city to marry Grover Cleveland to the
Democratic party and a week in Chicago
to get a divorce from him." [Laughter. )
A recess until 4:30 o'clock this afternoon
was finally agreed to, and at 2:20 o'clock
the convention adjourned.
Most of the delegates were in their seats
promptly at 4:30 o'clock, and quite a
sprinkling of visitors were in the calleries.
At 4:50 o'clock Chairman Newlands
dropped his gavel. Mr. Williams, a dele
gate from Nebraska, moved that a com
mittee of three be appointed to invite the
delegates cf tbe Populist Convention to
take seats iv the galleries for the after
noon, the Populists sot being in session.
It was unanimously aaooted.
The committee on ruleu, in its report,
recommended that the rules of the pres
ent Coneress be used in the conduct of
the convention's business. The commit
tee on credentials reported no contests and
suggested that any portion of a State
delegation present in the convention could
cast the full vote of the delegation. The
report was adopted.
The permanent organization committee,
through its chairman, Colonel Bradshaw,
reported in favor of William P. St. John
of New York as permanent chairman. As
his name was mentioned the convention
cheered vociferously. Hon. Charles A.
Towne of Minnesota was named as vice
president of the convention, and again the
delegates manifested their pleasure. Rob
ert £. Diffendorfer of Pennsylvania was
named as secretary. In concluding his
report Colonel Bradshaw briefly eulogized
Mr. St. John. The report was adopted
with a cheer.
While a committee was escorting Mr. St.
John to the chair Mr. Newlands an
nounced that Mr. Towne would address
the convention to-morrow^ The delegates
appeared delighted to know that the busi
ness of tbe convention was not to be
rushed through and a final adjournment
reached to-night, as had been rumored.
Mr. Newlands then inroduced Mr. St.
John as permanent chairman.
Mr. St. John prefaced bis remarks by
saying that, it having been intimated that
he would be asked to preside over the con
vention, he had put his remaiks in writ
ing, so that what he had to say might be
in a shape which he would not regret
having said. [Cheers.] He therefore
asked the indulgence of t : c convention
while he read, rather than trust to the
eloquence of the occasion. At the outset
Mr. St. John captured the delegates by
interpolating a statement that he would
speak from a banker's standpoint, and
that if he were addressing a gathering of
bankers he would uf-e no different terms.
Mr. St. John said:
Gentlemen of the Convention— The skill and
efficiency of your labors in the pasi have been
rewarded by the adoption of your demand for
legislation by two great organizations of the
people, namely: The Democracy and the
People's party. It now you are able to induce
a coalition of these two organizations for the
one purpose the desired achievement on behalf
oi the people willenaue.
Assuming ibeo that you will prevail upon
those patriots calling themselves the People's
party to iuriorse tne nomination of Bryan and
Sewall, i.t is advisable to warrant the desir
ability of the end in view.
It is among the first principles in finance that
the value oi each dollar expressed in prices
depends upon the total number t>f dollar* in
circulution. The plane of pr:c sis high when
the number of dollar* in circulation Is "great
in proportion to the number of tilings to be
exchanged by means of dollars and low when
the dollars are proportionately tew. The plane
of prices at present and for sometime past is
and has beeu ruinously low. The increase of
our population at about 2.000,000 a year
scattered over our immense territory c*lls for
increasing exchange and thereby demands an
increasing number of dollars in circulation.
The increase In the number of dollars when
dollars are confined to gold is not sufficiently
rapid to meet the growth of cur exchanges.
The consequence is a growing value of dollars
or a diminishing value ol everything else ex
pressed in dollars, which is to say a tendency
toward constantly declining prices. The louu
taiuheadot our prosperity has run dry. Our
farmers all over tbe country have endured the
depression in prices, until they get about $8
or $9 per acre for an expenditure of
$10 per acre and the like. Their credit
is exhausted at the couniry stores. The
country stores cease to order from the city
merchant; the city merchant reduces his
demand upon the manufacturer. Manufac
turer* are curtailed. Tue consequence is that
employes and all elements oi labor are being
discharged and wages are lowered to those
who continue in employment. The sufferings
of the farmers, who constitute nearly one-half
of onr population, ii thus enforced upon
the city m.-rchant, the manufacturer and all
tornxaof labor. These com oined dements con
iauiute the overwhelming majority oi voters.
Their intelligent conclusion will be felt when
expressed at the polls.
The banker is also without prosperity unless
prosperity is general throughout the United
States. He must learn to distinguish between
cheap money and money commanding a low
rate of interest. The dollar worth two bnshels
of wheat is a dear dollar and yet it commands
Interest in Wall street at present of but 2 per
cent per annum on call. If tbe dollar can be
cheapened by increasing the number of dol
lars, so that each doilar will buy less wheat,
the increasing price of wheat will Increase the
demand for dollars to invest in its production.
Then the borrower of doilar* to invest In tae
production of wheat being reasonably sure
oi a profit from that employment of the
money can afford to pay interest for its use as
a part of his profit. In other words, interest
is a share of the profit on the employment of
money. So that abundant money, money read
ily obtainable, which is to say really cheap
money, is the money which commands a high
rate of interest as a share of the profit of the
borrower in using it.
As we appeal to the country in the justice of
our cause one or two points of common in
quiry must be satisfied as follows: The ex
perience of Mexico is held up for our alarm.
We answer:
First— That Mexico is conspicuously prosper
ous at home. Her increase in manufactures,
railway earnings and the like in recent years
is phenomenal.
Second— Mexico is no criterion for the United
btates for the reason thatshehas aforeign trade
indebtedness of about $20,000,000 annually
in excess of the value of her exports of cotton,
sugar, coffee, hides and the like, which must
be paid for in the surplus products of her
mines. Her silver therefore goes abroad as
mercnandise, and at a valuation fixed by the
outside world. The United States ou the other
hand is a Nation of 70,000,000 of people,
scattered over a territory seventeen times the
area of France. A single one of our railway
systems, the Erie, exceeds the aggregate rail
way mileage of all Mexico. We offer employ
ment of money to an aggregate greater than
the world's spure silver will furnish us. Hence
our silver money at home and abroad will be
valued as the money of the United States.
The opposition threatens us with a flood of
Europe's silver upon our reopened mints. We
answer. Europe has no silver but her silver
money. Her silver. money values silver at from
3 cents to 7 cents on the dollar higher than
ours. Hence the European merchant or
banker must sacrifice from three to seven per
Cent of his full legal-tender money in order to
recoin it at our mints. Europe's silverware,
like America's sliverware, carries in It the ad
ditional value of labor and the manufacturer's
profit.
They threaten us with a flood of silver from
the far East. We answer thai the course of sil
ver is invariably eastward and never toward
the west. British India is a perpetual sink of
silver, absorbing it never to return by from
thirty to sixty million dollars' worth every
year, and India'B(absorption of silver will be en
larged by the steadiness of price for silver fixed
by our reopened mints.
They threaten us with the sndden retirement
of $000,000,000 gold, with the accompanying
panic, causing contraction and commercial
disaster unparalleled. We answer th«t our
total stock of gold, other than about $10,
--000,000 or $15,000,000 circulating on the I'a
cific Coast, is alxeady iv retiremeut. Prac
tically all our gold is in the United States
treasuiy or held by banks. The gold in the
treasury will remain there if the Secretary
avails of his option to redeem United
States notes in silver. The gold in the banks
constitutes the quiet and undisturbed portion
of their reserves against their liabilities. It
will continue to do money duty as such re
serves after free coinage for stiver is enacted.
Hence a premium on it will not contract the
currency. The utmoit possible contraction of
the currency will be the few millions circulat.
In* on the Pacific Coast, and tills will be retired
but slowly.
Asimiitir threat of a flight of gold was made
for the Bland act of 1878. President Hayes
was urged to veto it, but Congress passed it
over tue veto. Instead of a flignt of gold, as
had beer, predicted, we gained by importation
$■4,000,000 the first year, $7o|OOO tne next
j year and $90,000,000 the third year. During
: the twelve years that act was on the statute
books we gained $221,000,000 of foreign gold.
i Instead of the destruction of our credit abroad,
I as had been predicted, the United States 4 per
cent loan, which stood at 101 on the day of the
enactment, sold at 120 per cent within three
years and 130 per cent subsequently. Instead
of defeating the resumption of specie pay
ments on January 1 of the following year, the
twenty-four million silver dollars which were
coined iv 1878 and circulated by means of the
silver certificates reduced the aemand upon
the Government for gold. Hence the threat of
disaster now is without historic foundation.
This, then, Is what will follow the reopening
of our mints to silver: The gola already in the
treasury will remain there, if common-sense
dictates tbe treasury management; that is, if
! the Treasurer exercises :he qpiion to redeem
United States notes in silver. A premium of
gold will not occasion a contraction of the cur
rency, bank hoards of gold continuing to
serve as a portion of bank reserves against
i bank liabiliths. A premium of gold will tend
to increase our exports by causing a higher
rate of foreign exchange; that is to
say, by yielding a larger net return in dollars
op the sale of bills of exchange drawn against
.goods exported. A premium will tend to
diminish our imports by increasing the cost of
bills of exchange with which to pay tor goods
imported. The tendency of increasing our ex
ports aud diminishing our imports will be to
establish a credit balance of trade for the
I United .States. A credit balance ot trade means
I that Europe has become our debtor and must
I settle with us in money. Europe's silver money
is overvalued in her gold, compared with ours,
by from 3to 7 cents on the doliar. Ihe Euro
pean merchant or banker will, thereiore. make
his trade settlements with us iv gold more
profitably by from 3 to 7 per cent than in his
Bilver. With the instant that European trade
settlements with the United States are made in
gold, parity for our gold and silver money is
established in the markets of the world. There
with the 371 l 4 grains of pure silver in our
silver dollar and tbe 23.22 grains of gold in
our gola dollar are of exactly equal worth as
bullion In New York.
Mr. St. John's assumption that the con
vention would prevail upon the patriots
I calling themselves the People's party to
indorse Bryan and Sewall was received
with great applause, which continued for
nearly a minute. The assertion that the
threatened flow of silver from the East
bad no force, and that the entire stock of
gold in the country would be retired was
also without force, for all of it but ten or
iiiteen millions circulating on the Pacific
Coast had already been retired, was greet
ed with loud applause. -
The effect of the speech upon tbe dele
gates was most happy, nearly every sen
tence being followed by enthusiastic mani
festations of approval. When Mr. Bt.
John concluded many delegates rose to
tneir feet and cheered. Tbe next business
in order, Chairman St. John announced,
was the appointment of special commit
tees.
G. W. Baker of California moved the
appointment of a committee of oue from
each Stale to meet a similar committee
from the Populist Convention to take up
the question of the differences between the
two parties, for the purpose of coming to
some rational agreement to the end that
the nomination of Bryan and Sewali might
be ratitied by tbe two conventions. Mr.
Oimstead of Oregon, speaking for tbe Pop
ulists and as one of the leaders of that
party in his State, seconded tne motion,
making the suggestion that each State
deiegation select its representative on the
committee. The motion was further sec
onded by delegates from Missouri and
Virginia. A delegate asked if any one
knew that the Populists were ready to
confer with the Silver party. Mr. Oim
stead, speaking for the Populists again,
responded that .they were ready to meet
the silver men anywhere, and he urged
tbe silver men to meet the People's party
half way.
Some desultory discussion ensued as to
the propriety of the silver men making
the first advance-*. Mr. Oimstead again
addressed tiie convention, stating that the
two conventions were called to meet here
to-uay, in order to consolidate the free
silver forces for tbe campaign. The Popu
lists, being the older party, and baring
always stood for free silver, it would ill
become theirdignity, he thought, for them
to take the first steps. Mr. Porter of Vir
ginia, and a delegate from Ohio, seconded
the motion, and urged that the great end
of united and harmonious action be kept
in view. A delegate from Illinois offered
a substitute for Mr. Baker's motion, to the
effect that each State delegation select a
member of this conference committee, and
that the Populist convention be notified of
the action and requested to select a similar
committee.
A delegate asked if it wasthe intention
to await the report of the proposed com
mittee before proceeding to the nomina
tion oi Bryan ana Sewall. [Cries of "iSo.'j
"What is the use of appointing it then?"
he asked. But no one answered.
A delegate from Kansas (Mr. Shinn)
expressed the opinion that it was not
wise or expedient for the silver conven
tion to force themselves upon the Popu
lists. There was really no difference
"between the two bodies. [Cries of "Mis
take!"] He believed the effect of the
motion upon the Populist convention
would not be that intended by its author.
He believed that the convention would do
its duty.
Mr. Shinn tired the convention, and
was frequently interrupted, but stated
that he would speak until he had finished.
Ho was mistaken. Some one made the
point of order that he bad spoken more
than once to the motion, and the point
was sustained by Chairman St. John, who
directed Mr. Shinn to take bis seat.
Mr. Warden of Wisconsin pleaded for
expedition of business. "Let us," he
said, "appoint the committee on confer
ence, adopt a platform, nominate a can
didate and go home." [Applause.]
General Warner advocated the appoint
ment of a small committee to advise the
People's Party convention of the fact that
the silver convention had been organized
and learn whether or not it was the wisn
of that convention that the silver conven
tion appoint a full committee of confer
ence to meet a similar committee appoint
ed by it.
Mr. Foster of Missouri, a member of the
committee appointed by the National
Committee last night to consider the sub
ject of conference, reported that as a
result of their inquiries ii was determined
that a more representative body should be
appointed. Many of the Populist leaders
had expressed the hope that the confer
ence committee should be appointed.
A delegate from Illinois urged prompt
action. "Faint heart ne'er won fair lady
either in love, war or politics." he said.
He wanted the convention to go ahead
regardless of convent ionrli ties and without
regard to wnether or not somebody else
had stolen its platform of principles or had
forestalled it in the movement which it
had started. The previous question was
opposed on motion of the delegate from
Illinois, whicn was accepted by the author
of tne original motion and it was agreed
to.
The roll of States was called and the fol
lowing members of the committee on con
ference named : Alabama, R. H. Walker;
California, G. W. Baker; Colorado, D. C.
Wheeler; Connecticut, J. A. McShelton;
Illinois, W. J. Strong; Indiana, Anson
Wolcott; lowa, C. C. Cole; Maryland, A.
J. Wedderburn; Massachusetts, B. O.
Flower; Michigan, S.Robinson; Minne
sota, W. R. Irwin; Missouri, W. T. .ros
ter; Montana, C. G. Bradshaw; Nebraska,
G. E. Brown; Nevada, G. J. McCarthy;
New Jersey, J. H. McCollough; New York,
\V. P. St. John; North Carolina, B. F.
Keefe; North Dakota, W. H. Btandiah;
Ohio, J. A. Brown: Oregon, M. 8. Olm
stead; Pennsylvania, J. A. Wright; Ten
nessee, Percy Bernard ; Utah, H. F. Bar
tine; Vermont, J. Batelle; Virginia. J. W.
Porter; West Virginia, Isaac C. Raalf
singer; Washington, J. R. Mcßride;
Wisconsin, J. E. Thomas; Arizona, W. J.
White; Indian Territory, William Tell;
District of Columbia, J. D. Rhodes.
After the committee had been nomin
ated a delegate asked the chair what the
committee would confer about. Chair
man St. John said he had no further in
formation than had the questioner, hut
he inferred, as the committee was com
posed cf level-headed men and had but
one object in view, it would rise to tht oc
casion. [Cheers.]
On motion of a delegate from Minne
sota, at the unanimous request of the dele
gation from that State, it was ordered that
hereafter the proceedings of the conven
tion be opened with prayer.
At 6:25 o'clock, on motion of Mr. Cor
nell-of Colorado, the convention adjourned
until 10 a. M. to-morrow.
A number of delegates, who wanted an
other recitation from Miss Pierce, who was
on the platform during the afternoon ses
sion, objected.
The committee on conference appointed
at the close of the proceedings this even
ing effected an organization by selecting
Mr. St. John chairman and A. D. Wedder
burn of Maryland secretary. A motion
was made that the chairman and secretary
prepare a letter to be sent to the Populist
Convention at its session this evening,
formally notifying that body of the ap
pointment of the committee and request
ing the appointment of a similar commit
tee by that convention to confer with it.
Nearly an hour was spent in discussing
matters of detail in reference to the order
of procedure, and finally an adjournment
was taken until 10 o'clock to-night, at
which time it was hoped the request of the
Populist Convention would be received.
OFFICERS SELECTED.
Sllverlte Commltteeson Resolutions
and Permanent Organization
Elect Chairmen.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— The commit
tee on resolution* of the National bilver
Convention effected a temporary organiza
tion immediately after the convention took
a recess this afternoon, by the selection of
General A. J. Warner of Ohio as chairman.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion selected C. G. Bradshaw of Montana,
one of the editors of Senator Stewart's
Silver Knight, chairman, and R. £, Diffen
dorfer of Pennsylvania secretary. Joseph
Sheldon of Connecticut moved that W. P.
St. John of New York be made permanent
chairman of the committee. G. W. Finch
of Kansas moved as a substitute that the
Hon. C. A. Towne be nominated for that
position. He advocated his proposition in
a speech of considerable length, arguing
that it was good policy to push as many
Republicans to the front as possible, be
cause silver Republicans had nowhere to
go from their old party relations except
into the camp of the silver men.
Mr. Finch was alone in this position,
however, Mr. Davis of Minnesota stating
that Mr. Towne desired to give way to
Mr. St. John. Mr. Tlioiuu of Wisconsin,
himself a National banker, strongly urged
the election of Mr. St. John, and finally,
upon the suggestion of H. F. Burtsch oi
Michigan, it was unanimously reaoivea
that th« committee would recommend Mr.
St. John for permanent chairman and Mr!
To-arne for vice-chairman.
The further organization ot the conven
tion was completed as follows: Secretary,
R. E. DiSendorfer of Pennsylvania, with
authority to select his assistants; reading
clerk-, Jeff Pollard of Missouri; sergeant
at-arms, Mr. Doud of Missouri. Chair
man Bradshaw was authorized to secure
the services of a minister to serve as chap
lain of the convention.
JONES' RESOLUTION.
Text of His Appeal to Be Presented
to the Convention of Sil
ver Men.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.-The meeting
of the committee on resolutions to-ni.ht
was one of the most interesting in connec
tion with the convention. The proceed
ing* demonstrated that there is the same
radical difference of opinion aruong the
delegates to tee Silver Convention aa ex
ists among those to the Populist Conven
tion, but in the case of tbe former it re
lates to the indorsement of the Chicago
platform and not to the indorsement of
one or both of the candidates.
As vat expected, Senator Jones of Ne
vada was made permanent chairman of
the committee and J. J. Miller of Kansas
secretary. General Warner of Ohio sug
gested that a sub-committee be appointed
to take into its possession the various
propositions made by tbe members of the
committee regarding the platform and put
them into shape for the consideration of
the full committee to-morrow.
General Warner read the following draft
of a proposition which Senator Jones said
had been prepared by himself and several
other members of the party, and was
thought by them tor be about what the
convention should adopt. Tbe last part
of ttie paper was covered in these dis
patches last night. Its full text follows:
The paramount issue at this time in the
United States is indisputably the money ques
tion. It is between the gold standard, gold
bonds and bank currency on the one side and
the bimetallic standard, no bonds and Gov
ernment currency on the other.
On this issue we declare ourselves to be in
favor of a distinctively American financial
system. We are unalterably opposed to the
single-gold standard, and demand the imme
diate return to the constitutional standard of
gold and silver, by the restoration by this Gov
ernment, independently of any loreign
power, of the unrestricted coinage of both gold
and silver into standard money at the ratio
of 16 to l, and upon terms of exact equality
as tney existed prior to 1873, the silver coin
to be a fall legal tender equally with gold for
all debts »nd duties, public and private.
We hold that the power to control and regu
late a paper currency is inseparable from tha
power to coin money, and hence that all cur
rency intended to circulate as money should
be Issued and its volume controlled by the
General Government only and should be legal
tender.
We are unalterably opposed to the issue by
the United States of interest-bearing bonds in
time of peace, and we denounce as a blunder
worse than a crime the present treasury pol
icy concurred in by a Republican House, of
plunging the country Into debt by hundreds
of millions, in the vain attempt to maintain
the gold standard by borrowing gold, and we
demand the payment of all coin obligations of
the United States, as provided by existing
laws, in either gold or silver coin, at the op
tion of the Government and not at the option
of the creditor.
That over and above other questions of
policy we are in favor of restoring to the peo
ple of the United States the time-honored
money of the constitution, gold and silver —
not one, but both; the money of Washington
and Hamilton and Jefferson and Monroe and
Jackson and Lincoln— to the end that the
American people may receive honest pay lor
an honest product; that the American debtor
may pay his jusi obligations in an honest
standard and not in a standard that has ap
preciated 100 per cent above all the great sta
ples Of our country, and to that end, further,
that silver-standard countries may be deprived
of the unjust advantage they now enjoy in the
difference in exchange between gold and sil
ver, an advantage which tariff legislation
alone cannot overcome.
The declarations, the general explained,
were adopted at tbe Bimetallic conference
held in Washington on January 22 and 23.
The document wi.ich he presented went
on to state that the main purpose of call
ing the Silver convention was to make
sure the determination reached at Wash
ing would be carried out, and the Demo
cratic convention at Chicago, having
practically adopted allot' these declara
tions in its plank on the money question,
he, therefore, suggested that this conven
tion indorse and ratify the financial plank
of the Democratic convention and indorse
also tne nomination of Bryan and Sewall.
In conclusion the document contained
an appeal to the people of the United
States to support those nominees, holding
in abeyance for the time being all other
issues, inasmuch as the silver question
was not only the param ount, but the only
question involved in this campaign.
The discussion that ensued took a wide
range and was participated in by nearly
every one of tbe twenty-one gentlemen
present. The position taken up was that
of tbe indorsement of the Chicago nomi
nees or of nominating Bryan and Sewall,
which brought up the "question of per
petuating the American Bimetallic League
after the political campaign had closed.
Representatives from Republican States,
those west of the Mississippi especially,
who had been themselves lormerly allied
fs^ "V ON'T SUFFER
B p %i o m constipation
JliT.T^ itfßK when you can be
jEßjJMflUtaiiP • cured by the use of
*Tr^KSSlB^- 3 Joy's Vegetable Sar-
-1 0 | *V# saparilla. Don't take
3 »|L^st _& a cheap, nasty iodide
f^ ; - . ■^^^• f <^^ of potassium ,- Sarsa-
: ■BJB*asi*aßj*jßjo*^ parilla when the na-
tive remedy— Joy's — can be had. 
" Don't have pimples on your face, there-
fore use Joy We^etable Sarsaparilla. '
"Don't suffer from liver trouble. Joy's
parilla cures liver disorders, ;
Dressy
Mm ' ot ■■'•"■'■- • ; ■ ■
Men
Fastidious, particular, with a desire
to always be neat and In style—
they are the best customers * for
••STANDARD" Shirts. }■' Made in
California. All dealers.
MB.
I MARH j
Neustadter Bros., flfr*., 5. F., Ca!,
DR.MCNULTY.
mHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPB.
X cliUlst treats PRIVATE CHROMC AND
9 NERVOUS DISEASES OFMKN OX I.V. He ttoxm
I Discharges: cares secret Blood and skin Disftasea,
Sores and: swellings; :3fervoa» Debility. Irnpo-
. trace and other weaknesses of Manhood. . .-' w-«ri.: r
■ . aHe correct* the secret Errors of Youth and ttaalr
, -terrible effects, Los» of Vitality. Palpitation of the
"Heart,' Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind mid body, caused by the Errors.
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Yen.
lie restores Lose. Vigor and , Manly Power, i*.
moves Deformities and restores the - Organs la
Health. 'He also cures Diseases caused by Mer- '
cury and other Poisonous Dross.
..P r - 1 L cNuU >' 1 BQelh<><i » ar« regular and scien-
tine. He uses no patent nostrum* or ready.mada
preparations, but cure* the disease by thoJouirS
medical treatment/ lils New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Disease* seat Free to all . men who describe
their trouble. Patient* cured at Home. Term*
Hours-9 tO v, dtily; 6:80 to 8:30 evenlne*. Sun-
' d*y«. 10 to 12 only. Consultation tnt ?S»d £
credly confidential. „■ Call on or addresa
V P. KOSCOK McJtITLTY, M 1>
- • •}•* X*K ** rilT St., San Francisco, -CaL
JET- Beware of strangers who try to talk to ton
about your disease on the streets or eiiewheS!
I Taey are cappers or steerers for swindling doctoralwith the Republican party, urged that the
organization be continued.
There was some talk about the name to
be given to the new organization, and two
cr three gentlemen suggested that of the
American party, bu* objection was made
to this by a large majority of the mem
bers, because it revived recollections of the
Knownothing party of forty years ago.
Propositions to callit the American Silver
party or the American National party
were more favorably received, but the
point of action was not reached.
Later in the evenins the discussion
turned upon the matter of joining the sil
ver platform with the action of the Demo
cratic convention. Over this considerable
bitterness was displayed.
Mr. Baker of California and Judge Scott
of Nebraska, together with Mr. Harris of
Kansas and Mr. Howard of Minnesota,
took the lead in opposition to making any
reference whatever to the Democratic
convention platform.
General Warner stated that he could do
no more than to indorse the plank of the
Democratic platform.
Mr. Baker suggested that the platform
be confined to the declarations put forth
in Washington last winter, as previously
recited, together with the following as a
conclusion:
We, therefore, confidently appeal to the peo
ple of the United States to leave in abeyance
for the moment all other questions however
important and even momentous they may ap
pear, to suiider, if need be, all former party
ties and affiliations, and unite in one supreme
effort to free the masses and their children
from the domination of the money power — a
power more destructive than any which has
ever been fastened upon the civilized men of
any race or in any age.
Mr. Baker also appropriated the follow
ing from the Democratic platform: "And
we favor such legislation as will prevent
for the future any demonetization of legal
money by private contract."
After a somewhat acrimonious discus
sion, in which General Weaver of Ohio
and Judge Scott were the principal par
ticipants, a motion by Judge Scott was
adopted directing the sub-committee to
report to the full committee the platform
of tne bimetallic conference, without any
reference to the Democratic convention.
This was carried almost unanimously.
Mr. Baker moved that a committee be
appointed to draft an address to the peo
ple to go out with the platform, and it
was agreed to.
The sub-committees on platform and
address were then on motion consolidated,
and Chairman Jones appointed the follow
ing, he being made chairman by the terms
of the motion: Senator Jones of Nevada,
G. W. Baker of California, C. R. Scott of
Nebraska, Dr. Frank Powell of Wisconsin,
W. G. Thompson of Washington, W. H.
("Coin") Harvey of Illinois and Hallett
Kilbourne of the District of Columbia.
It being then nearly midnight the com
mittee adjourned until 9:30 A. M. to
morrow and the sub-committee until 8
o'clock.
COMMITTEEMEN NAMED.
Men of the Various States Who
Will Continue to Represent
the Silver Party.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— the
States were not represented in the conven
tion and some delegations requested to be
passed when their States were called, but
those responding named the following as
members of the resolutions committee:
California, G. W. Baker; Colorado, R.
O. Olds; Connecticut, J. Sheldon; Illinois,
W. H. Harvey; Indiana, F. J. Van Voor
hies; lowa, B. H. Bashor; Kansas, J. J.
Miller; Michigan, G. F. Richardson; Min
nesota, S. li. Howard ; Missouri, H. A.
Thompson; Montana, G. D. Thomas; Ne
braska, C. B. Scott; Nevada, J. P. Jones;
New Jersey, J. McCullough; North Caro
lina, J. J. Mott; North Dakota, D.
W. Clark; Ohio, A. J. Warner; Oregon, J.
Young; Pennsylvania, A. S. Dulin; South
Carolina, C. A. Jewett; Tennessee, E. C.
McDowell; Utah, H. F. Bartine; Virginia,
E. L. Hibleyn; Washington, G. W. Thomp
son;. Wisconsin, F. Powell; Indian Terri
tory.. J. E. Gibbons; District of Colombia,
H. Kilbourne. -■; ■■- ; ' * \ '?
The following National Cgmmitteemen
were appointed : California, G. W. Baker;
Colorado, I. rN. Stevens; Connecticut,
A. N. Troun; Illinois, G. M. Emerick; In
diana, A. Walcott ; lowa, A. Steckel ; Kan
pas, R. W. Turner; Michigan, E. Jarvis;
Minnesota, J. W. Griffin; Missouri, W. T.
Foster; Montana, C. G. Bradshaw; Ne
braska, G. L. Laws; New Jeisey,
S. W. Reese; North Carolina, B.
C. Keith; North Dakota, W. H. Btandish;
Ohio, ; H. T. Niles; Oregon, A. Hofer;
Pennsylvania, R. E. Diffendorfer; South
Dakota, H. Sawyer; Tennessee, E. C.
McDowell; Virginia, A. J. Wed
derburn; Washington, J. W. Thomp-
Bon; Wisconsin, R. A. C6le; Dis
trict of Columbia, S. J. Hillyer.
The list of vice-presidents follows: Cali
fornia, C. D. Lane; Colorado, A. D. Bohn;
Connecticut, J. Sheldon; Illinois, S. M.
Biddison; Indiana, J. Overmeyer; lowa,
H. White; Kansas, A. B. Hulitt; Michi
fan, C. McGirdey: Minnesota, C. A.
'owne; Missouri, J. Doniphan; Nebraska;
J. D. Gregory; Nevada, W. Burke; New
Jersey, "W. F. Morgan; North Carolina, J.
C. Pierson; North Dakota, L. F. Daw;
Ohio, W. Oliver; Oregon, A. Strong, Penn
sylvania, W. Alcutt; South Dakota, B. F.
Leets; Tennessee, J. H. Acklin; Virginia,
C. T. Shear; Wasnington, J. R. Mcßride;
Wisconsin,' T. Carmichael.
The secretary announced that no further
nominations for any of these committees
would be received.
. ■.•-; ■ ■ ♦ ■
Travels and Talks.
OMAHA, Nebb., July 22.— After a busy
day in Omaha, Mr. Bryan returned to Lin
coln this afternoon over the Burlington
road. This morning he saw a number of
visitors at his apartments in the Paxton
Hotel and at 11 o'clock yieided to the im
portunities of a committee from the League
of Commercial Lawyers, whii h is holding
a convention here, and made a short ad
dress at the morning session.
Mr. Bryan was the guest at lunch of
Mrs. G. M. Hitchcock, the wife of the pro
prietor of the World-Herald, and at 1
o'clock went over to Council Bluffs on a
special trolley car, accompanied by a re
ception committee from that town. A
large audience was gathered in front of
the Grand Hotel there, and when Mr.
Bryan appeared on the gaily decorated
balcony he was received with uproarious
cheering;. His remarks were very brief
and contained nothing that could be
properly called political issues.
A short reception of which many people
took advantage followed in the hotel
lobby, and Mr. Brvan then returned to
Omaha on the special trolley car Under
escort of the Council Blufts reception com
mittee. A brass band from Chicago, com
posed of women, was given room in the
car and played patriotic airs during the
return journey. Witnout going back to
the Paxton Mr. Bryan proceeded directly
from the trolley car to the Union Station,
where he took the 2:50 train for Lincoln.
Xor!h Dakota Jtepublican*
GRAND FORKS, N. D., July 22 —Roger
Allin, the present Governor of North Da
kota, was defeated in the Republican con
vention this evening by Frank A. Briggs
of Morton County, now Auditor of the
Stale. The full ticket nominated is as
follows: Congressman, M. J. Johnson;
Lieutenant-Governor, J. M. Devine. La
monre; Secretary of State, Fred Faley,
Richiand; Treasurer, George Nichols,
Cass; Auditor, N. B. Hannum, Ransom;
Attorney-General, J. Cowan, Ramsey;
Commissioner of Insurance, F. B. Fancho,
Stuttman; Superintendent of Schools, J.
G. Holland, Traille; Commissioner of
Agriculture and Labor, H. V. Thomas,
Benson; Railroad Commissioners— George
H Keys, DicJiey ; L. L. Walton, Weld, and
one to be named from Pembina.
The convention indorsed the St. Louis
platform and adjourned at 7 o'clock.
ttlclnson for tiorernor.
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., July 22.—
The Republican State Convention to-day
named George W. Atkinson for Governor
by acclamation. Senator Eikins, who was
temporary chairman, made the principal
speech of the day.
ARE NOT TO
BE CAJOLEO
Populists Who Oppose the
Schemes of Bryan
Boomers.
BITTER CONTEMPT OF
SILVERITES.
Joseph Asbury Johnson Tells of
the Disgusting Tactics of
Bulldozers.
BUT HE YET HOPES FOR AN
HONOBABLE UNION.
Base Insinuations of Democrats That
Will Not Bring Forth Good
Results.
The Call's Headqcartebs, )
Hotel Lindell, >
St. Louis, Mo., July 22. )
The eventful day of July 22 is drawing
to its close. The two great conventions.
Populists and Silverites, have met and
formed temporary organizations and
opening addresses have been made. That
by Senator Butler of North Carolina, as
temporary chairman of the Populist con
vention, I have beard; that of Congress
man Newlands, as temporary chairman
of the Silver convention, I have read in the
evening papers. Assured that the readers
of The Call, with these speeches scrutin
izing attention, my comments will be ap
preciated. This is the only passage in
which Mr. Newlands could be understood
as having made even the slightest refer
ence to tne People's party:
"While it would have been wiser to con
fine the Democratic platform (meaning to
have confined it) to issues concerning
which bimetallists would not differ, thus
securing the complete unification of all
the silver forces, yet a simple question is
presented to sincere bimetallists through
out the country, and that is whether they
will permit differences as the non-essen
tial issues to divide them, thus insuring
the defeat of our common cause, or
whether, preserving their independence of
conviction and action as to non-essentials,
they shall accept the brilliant leader whom
the Democracy has named and uniting
all the silver forces wherever organized
into one invincible army, march to victory
in November next."
It is by no means certain that he in
tended to make any reference, however in
definite and ambiguous, to the People's
party. I think he did not. If he did, he
broke through the policy pursued by
Bryan shouters from the nominations at
Chicago to the present time. The only
way in which I have heard or seen Popu
lists alluded to in this city is in terms of
absolute contempt and the lowest form of
criminal slander by Bryanized Populists
of the Senator Allen type and silver bull
dozers of every type. If a personal refer
ence nere is permissible I wish to place on
record the fact that I have strenuously
urged the duty on our way here, and on
many occasions since we became the vic
tims of the political cyclone which rages
here by day and by night — a duty of the
most august and overmastering character
of seeking in patience and fortitude of
soul for a union of all the true reform
forces, by means obtainable on honorable
terms and after our platform is formulated
and adopted, to remain here a week longer,
if found necessary, to secure such a union.
With perhaps a single exception, I mean
Judge Daggett of Visalia. I am sure all
our delegation share this desire and hold
to this purpose. And yet it is a great
strain on the magnanimity of self-respect
ing Populists to hold on patiently under
contumely and brazen effrontery grossly
thrust upon them in the newspapers and
in all public places. If we Populists are
to be traitors to our oppressed people and
be classed in history as bigoted partisans —
if we don't accede to the demand made by
Democrats to accept their plan for saving
our suffering people and our imperiled
country by giving up our party and all its
principles and go over at once to Democ
racy and its new-found silver issue —
we alone are to be responsible for the
election of McKinley on a gold platform if
we insist that we shall have anything to
Bay as to the terms on which we shall con
sent to accept Mr. Bryan as our Presiden
tial candidate. I stood for an hoar to hear
Senator Ailen lay down the law to Popu
lists and name the penalties for a failure
to obey it.
If we decline to rush at his bidding into
the Bryan camp, it is proof that we have
seen Mark Hanna's agents or are await
ing to see them. I can recall no occasion
in my life when my soul was assaulted,
my manhood assailed, my convictions
outraged and my indignation so wratb
fully aroused as while listening to these
unmanly, dishorable and unprovoked
charges fail from the lips of a man whom
Populists have felt so proud to honor and
who was but a few days since their hrst
choice for the Presidency. This is not the
way that leads to union. In a free and frank
conversation with Senator Jones of
Nevada, after urging the madness and
folly of thus assailing Populists who can
not be cajoled, driven or slandered into
submission, or insulting and insolent de
mands of Democracy and their no less of
fenßive silver allies, I put the case to him
in these words:
"Suppose that after the nominations at
Chicago a committee of 100 of the broad
est-minded and biggest-hearted men in the
Democratic convention had been appoint
ed and authorized to meet the two great
silver-honoring conventions here in St.
jLouis and ask us to try to meet them on
terms of equality and fairness and find
some common ground for an honorable
union as allies against a common foe, line
thought the situation would not now be
one of peace and harmony and union as
inevitable as it is imperative."
With prompt frankness he exclaimed:
"That is just what should have been done,
and if we fail of union it will be due to
this damnable and inexcusable blunder
and the present offensive attitude of the
Democracy."
I can write no more to-night. All of our
delegation are in excellent health.
Joseph Asbuky Johnson.
Miitourl Jtcpublican Convention.
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., July 22.— The Re
publican State Convention met here to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
day. Chauncey I. Filley called the
gathering to order, and after the speech
of the temporary chairman the nsual
committees were appointed and a recess
taken.
The committee on credentials not being
ready to report at the evening session, the
convention adjourred until to-morrow.
WALL STREET GOSSIP.
Frvltleu Effort* of the Bear* to Btatn
prite the MarHet.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 22.— The situa
tion in Wall street cleared up somewhat
to-day and the bears who have been ham
mering the market somewhat recently
were confronted with a new condition.
They have been unusually successful
since the Chicago convention, and were
indulging in all sorts of sensational talk
about raids on the treasury gold, and it
must be admitted that the reports had a
demoralizing effect.
They were not prepared for Mr. Tap
pen's action, however, and to-day when it
was officially stated that the banks had
fallen in with Mr. TaDpen's idea and
would contribute $20,000,000 or so of the
metal confidence was restored in a meas
ure and a good proportion of the paper
profits of the shorts was wiped out.
The gold to be turned into the sub»
treasury will bring toe reserve up to the
traditional $100,000,000, and according to
authorities it will be kept there if the
banks can bring it about.
Another important question, that of
checking gold exports, is also being dis
cussed in Wall - street circles. As yet
the matter is in embryo. Some
of those interested are in favor
of advancing rates for money, but
against this it is argued that if the rates
should stiffen funds would pile higher and
defeat the very object the bankers are try
ing to obtain. Others speak of buying
gold in Europe and importing it the same
as in the panic of 1893.
Gortrnmrnt Defeat.
LONDON, Eng., July 22.— The House of
Commons to-day proceeded with its con
sideration of the land bill. Clause 24
of the measure provides that advances
under the purchase act shall consist of
money and not of guaranteed land stock.
When this clause was reached Sir Thomas
Esmonde, anti-Parnellite, moved that the
advances should consist of guaranteed
laud stock and not of money.
The Irish landlords joined the National
ists in support of Mr. Esmonde's motion
and it was carried by a vote of 99 to 88.
This vote against the Government was re
ceived with frantic cheers of the Irish
members, and Mr. Balfour, First Lord of
the Treasury, withdrew the clause alto
gether.
ROYAL TRUE LOVE MUTCH
Princess Maud of Wales and
Prince Charles of Denmark
Are United.
All London Turned Out in Honor of
the Event— Joint Income of
$80,000 a Year.
LONDON, Exo., July 22.— The mar
riage of the I'rincess Maud of Wales, fifth
and youngest child and third daugnter of
the Prince and Princess of Wales, to
Prince Christian Frederick Charles George
Valdeniar Axel, son of the Crown Prince
of Denmark and grandson of King Chris*
tian, was solemnized this morning in the
Chapel Royal of Buckingham Palace. All
London seemed to have turned out in
honor of the event, for the principal
streets between Ludgata Hiil and Pail
Mall were packed solidly with people,
whose numbers ran into the hundreds of
thousands.
The Queen passed quietly into the chapel
from Buckingham Palace. Princess Bea
trice of Battenberg and her children were
absent on account of their mourning for
the death of Prince Henry of Battenbere.
Princes Christian and Harold supported
Prince Charles.
The ceremony was performed by the
Archbishop of Canterbury and Primate of
all England, Most Rev. Edward White
Benson, who was assisted by Right Rev.
Frederick Temple, Bishop of London, and
Right Rev. Randall Davidson, Bishop of
Winchester. The bridesmaids were the
Princess Victoria of Wales, Princesses In
elebord and Thyra of Denmark, sisters of
the groom; Princess Victoria of Schleswig-
Holsteiti, Princess Beatrice of Saie-Coburg
and Gotha, the Princess Alice of Albany
and the Princesses Ena and Victoria of
Batten berg. The bride was given away by
her father, while the Queen stood sponsor.
Both the bride and groom made their re
sponses in clear and distinct tones. The
bridal costume was of white satin, en
traine with a deep belt of silver embroidery
studded with a delicate design in bril
liants.
The wedding gown, which was made in
Spitalfields, is of pure white English satin
with long train, cleverly cut in one with
the skirt, and trimmed in one corner with
full bow of mousselinede soie and orange
blossom 0 , and a ruche of delicate fabric
and flowers borders the skirt hem at the
front and sides. On the bodice the satin
is drawn across the figure to a point at left
side under a bow of the mousseline de soie
and cluster of orange blossoms, and on
the back there are lines carried downward,
terminating at the left side of the waist
in a band of exquisite silver and diamond
embroidery. The low square decolletage
is trimmed with folds of silk muslin and
trails of orange blossoms, and billowy
muslin sleeves are formed of waterfall
puffs, with trails of the flowers carried
down each puff and falling on the arm in
a single bud.
After the ceremony the bridal party and
guests partook of luncheon in Bucking
ham Palace, at the conclusion of which
the royal bridal party, headed by the bride
and bridegroom, left the palace for Marl
borough House. The bridal couple after
ward left Marlborough House for St.
Pancras station, where they took a special
train for Wolverton, Norfolk, to take posses
sion of Appleton Hall, which will hence
forth be their home.
The wedding of to-day is a love match,
the couple being first cousins and de
voted to each other for years. Prince
Charles is 24 years of age and the
bride some four years his senior. The
bride is noted for her lively spirits
and her devotion to bicycling, horse
back riding and lively sports, and is
known to her intimates as "Prince Hal,"
by reason of her love for boyish
pranks. The young couple will not want
for means, as Prince Charles will inherit
several million dollars from his mother,
who at the time of her marriage was the
greatest heiress in Europe. The Prince of
Wales has made his daughter an allow
ance of $20,000 a year from the amount
granted him by Parliament. The couple
have been given a suite of rooms in the
palace of the King of Greece near Copen
hagen, a residence near Bernstof, in Den
mark, and a mansion near Sandringham,
in Enpland. They will have altogether
about $80,000 a year from the start and no
rent to pay.
Among the wedding guests were the
members of the Cabinet and the members
of the diplomatic corps. Mr. and Mrs.
Gladstone occupied the same pew with
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Chamberlain during
the ceremony. Vast crowds lined the
street and cheered the bridal procession.
British Greed Again Exemplified.
LONDON, Eno., July 22.— The Daily
News says that Emperor William's yacht
Meteor has arrived at Dublin to take part
in the Kingstowne regatta. The paper
adds that the Meteor is threatened with
arrest, owing to her captain refusing to
pay the heavy salvage demanded by a tug
for assistance rendered to the yacht a few
days ago.
PEOPLE'S PARTY MEM
BEGIN THE STRUGGLE
Continued from First Page.
in the line of providing accommodations
for the chairman and officers by placing in
one corner of the stand a table bearing a
large glass pitcher of icewater and a
couple of glasses. There, however, it
stopped. Soon after this some workmen
hung over the railing of one of the gal
leries a fair-sized picture of Abraham
Lincoln, draped in the American flae, and
the sight of it drew out the first manifesta
tion of applause or interest that the con
vention had yet given out.
At 12 o'clock there was still no sign of
an organization for the convention. The
portion of the ball reserved for delegates
was then about two-thirds filled and there
were not a hundred spectators in the gal
leries. Probably one-third of the dele
gates were in their shirt sleeves, and
many women (not delegates) were seated
among them.
Just at the hour of noon three addi
tional small tables were placed on the
chairman's stand, and a few cane-bacK
chairs were set alongside of them, but no
further attempt was made to decorate the
stand.
At 12:15 the members of the Populist
National Committee took seats on the
platform, and with them were Senators
Butler of North Carolina, Ignatius Don
nelly of Minnesota, "Cyclone" Davis of
Texas, Senator Allen of Nebraska and
Governor Btone of Missouri.
At 12:38 the convention was called to
order by Mr. Taubeneck, chairman of the
National Committee, who announced that
the proceedings would be opened by
prayer by Rev. W. R. L. Smith of the
Third Baptist Church of St. Louis.
At the conclusion of prayer Governor
Stone of Missouri was introduced by
Chairman Taubeneck and delivered an ad
dress of welcome.
"The people of Missouri are an earnest,
as intense, as partisans, if you please, as
the people of ot; er States," said the Gov
ernor. "Whether Populist, Republican or
Democrat, we are all agreed that freedom
of opinion, freedom of speech, freedom of
the press and freedom of the ballot must
be maintained. [Cheers.] We differ as to
methods and we differ often as to policies
and principles, but it is to be devoutly
hoped that all of us are actuated by love
of country and by motives of greatest
patriotism. [Applause.] 1 hope the day
is near at hand when this starry 3a? of
our great Nation shall be, indeed, an em
blem not only of National unity, but of
National prosperity." [Cheers.]
Hon. Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota
responded to Governor Stone's address of
welcome.
"Selection of the center of the Missis
sippi Valley for the convention of the
People's party," he said, "was particu
larly appropriate, because this movement
was an outgrowth from the agricultural
and laboring population of this country.
It began at a million firesides, where the
farmer, in the silence of his home, studied
out for himself the causes of the afflictions
he endured and united to find a remedy.
"Our city friends," he continued, "for a
time regarded it as a movement hostile to
themselves. They never could be further
from the troth. That which insures pros
perity to agriculture insures prosperity to
every honest industry in this whole broad
land. [Cheers.] It is at last d&wning
even upon the minds of our far Eastern
cities that in assenting to the evil con
ditions that now surround us they have
destroyed their own prosperity. [Cheers.]
While reaching out for foreign markets
where they must encounter the hostility.
of the whole world they have permitted
their own natural market, of which they
had the monopoly, to fall into poverty
and wretchedness, and they are to-day in
sackcloth and ashes, feeling the result of
that mistaken policy. [Loud cheers.]
Mr. Donnelly closed by making an elo
quent appeal for unity.
"I stood at the cradle of the People's
party," he said. "God forbid I should be
here to-day to attend its funeral. Stand
together, friends. Lift up your hearts to
the majesty and dignity of the duties laid
upon your shoulders. There is no man,
however popular or great, whose interests
are worth a scintilla against this great
party. [Cheers.] We must not desert it.
We must not destroy it." [Applause.]
The chairman asked such members of
the executive committee as were in the
body of the ball to step up to the plat
form. Among those who advanced was
Mrs. Mary Ellen Lease, who was warmly
cheered.
Chairman Taubeneck introduced as
ternporarv chairman of the convention
Senator Butler of North Carolina. Sena
tor Butler was received with three cheers,
which he characterized as "a cyclone of
American patriotism."
Two political parties, he said, had held
National conventions this year, had
adopted platforms and had put forward
their leadsrs; and now another great
political party, young, but a growing giant
in strength, had assembled to speak to the
American people at this critical and im
portant hour. [Cheers.]
The Populists were here because there
was need of them to be here. The parties
that had had charge of the Government
since the war had succeeded in bringing
the Nation to the verge of bankruptcy and
ruin and had necessitated the existence of
the Populist organization. The two
parties had vied with each other in
"straddling," but now "straddling" was a
thing of the past.
He went on to speak of the transporta
tion question as standing side by side with
the money question, and he declared that
both those great questions would have to
be solved before the country got back to
prosperity.
The People's party had come into exist
ence to perform a great mission. There
was a necessity for its coming, and it was
going to stay as lone as there was any ne
cessity for it. [Cheers.] If the People's
party were to go out of existence to-mor
row, the next Democratic National Com
mittee would report a platform on which
Bryan would not stand. TCheers.]
The Peopl e's party had raised an issue
so universal, so great and so important
that it had split both the old parties in
two. [Applause and laughter.] Now,
this convention had met to save that
issue or allow it to go down in defeat. [A
voice, "Save it, save it, save it."] He had
faith that this convention would not turn
itself into a Democratic annex [loud
cheers] or into a Republican annex [more
cheers], but would find a way between
them that was true and right.
What, Senator Butler asked, should this
convention do? and he was answered by
one of the California delegates,. Alfred
Daggett, "Nominate a straight Populist
candidate, on a Populist platform, with
out reference to what the Democratic Con
vention has done." [Cheers.]
"While this party lives," Benator Butler
exclaimed, "and God erant that it shall
never die, because it will be ever needed so
long as human liberty is threatened, it
must be true to the mission which it was
born to accomplish. [Cheers.] If this
convention cannot follow its own teach
ing it is unworthy to indorse and approve
what is right and condemn what is wrong.
No other course is true Populism. If you
waver in your principles— (a delegate:
"We will not do it") — then you become no
better than the old parties which you
were raised up to destroy. I believe that
this convention will do the wise thine. I
believe that it is going to stand together
it is not going to split. [Cheers.] If we
stand together and go away from here a
united band of brothers we will see next
November that the minions of organized
capital and of gold monometailists are.
stricken down in this country. We wih
show you, too, that this young giant of a
People's party will come out of the cam
paign stronger than we go into it."
[Cheers.]
Senator Butler spoke for nearly an hour,
closing his speech at 2p. if. He was com
plimented upon it by Ignatius Donnelly
and other persons on the stand.
When Senator Butler resumed his seat
the chairman directed the secretary to
call the roll of States to name the com
mittee on credentials. This was done.
The committee on credentials is as fol
lows: Alabama, R. T. Goodwin; Arkan
sas, J. E. Bryon ; California, E. M. War
dell; Colorado, H. T. Sale; Connecticut,
Robert Pine; Delaware, Herman V*
Hetzel; Florida, J. F. Rhodes; Georgia,
John A. Sibley; Idaho, J. P. dough; Illi
nois, Charles E. Palmer; Indiana, James
A. Williamson; lowa, t\ F. Rowe; Kan
sas, O. L. Smith; Kentucky, W. P. Marsh;
Louisiana, E. F. Warren ; Maine,
N. W. Leimond; Maryland, J. L.
Guilford; Massachusetts, Conrad Reno;
Michigan, F. N. VandercooK; Minnesota,
H. G. Day; Mississippi, W. P. Ratiiff:
Missouri, Joseph Miller; Montana, J. H.
Colderhead; Nebraska, J. W. Edgerton;
Nevada, William Westerneld; New Hamp
shire, J. J. Streeter; New Jersey, William
B. Ellis; New York, W. F. Webster; North
Carolina, W. F. Kitchen ; North Dakota,
W. A. Bently; Ohio, P. J. Fishback; Ore
gon, A. B. Craft; Pennsylvania, J. H.
Stevenson; Rhode Island, Henry A. Bur
lingarae; South Carolina, ; South Da
kota, H. S. Valkmer; Tennessee, J. H.
McDowell; Texas, Harry Tracey; Utah,
James Hogan; Vermont, A. J. Bieby; Vir
ginia, J. H. Hobson; Washington, C. W.
Young; West Virginia, G. W. Hayes;
Wisconsin, A. A. Worsley; Wyoming, D.
I. Kingsbury; Alaska, ; Arizona, Keen
St. Charles; District of Columbia, Alex
Kent; New Mexico, D. D. Mills; Okla
homa, E. A. Spencer; Indian Territory,
Lee Carter.
Oa motion of Donnelly of Minnesota
the convention at 2:15 o'clock took a re
cess until 8 p. h., to enable the committee
on credentials to report.
After the recess was taken the conven
tion resolved itself into an informal mass
meeting, and Congressman Howard of
Alabama, who will be remembered as
having introduced a resolution to impeach
President Cleveland, spoke for ten minutes.
He made a bitter attack upon the Demo
cratic party and advocated standing on an
independent ticket.
He was followed by other speakers, who
urged standing for People's party issues
first, last and all the time.
AND THE BAND PLAYS.
Darkness Causes Confusion and an
Adjournment at the Even-
Ing Session.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— When tne
Populists got together in Convention Hall
this evening they found themselves in
trouble. No provision had been made for
lighting the hall. Neither gas nor electri
city crave a ray of light. The candles pro
vided by the newspaper correspondents
and telegraph companies for their own use
served to make the darkness picturesque.
There was a full attendance on the floor
and many spectators in the galleries. For
half an hour humorously inclined people
in the galleries and on the floor indulged
in jokes at the expense of the Populists
and jeers and college yells prevailed.
Some attempts at explanation were made
from the chairman's platform, but they
were received with derision and hootings.
Finally some of the delegates started to
sing the National antaem, others joined
in and the band joined in the chorus and
this produced better humor. The band
continued to play and it was announced
from the chairman's platform that the
light would soon be forthcoming.
The real explanation of the trouble was
that whoever was in charge of the arrange
ments neglected to encage service for the
evenine from the electric light com
pany until late this evening when it was
too late to turn on the current without
great risk, as preliminary tests of the cir
cuits were necessary. Some suggestions
of adjournment were made, but they met
with no favor — the crowd rather enjoying
the darkness and the fun, while the band
kept up its music, playing '-Dixie" and
other popular airs, and the crowd shouted
and varied the shouting with cheers and
jocular remarks. This condition of things
went on without a particle of light save
from the few candle points stuck on the
reporters' table and one on the chairman's
table.
Some negro melodies were entcned from
different parts of the hall. "John Brown's
Spirit Went Marching On" and college
yells were indulged in. Finally the pa
tience of the managers was exhausted,
there was no prospect of the electric light
being turned on, and yielding to the ne
cessities of the case it was announced at
8:50 o'clock that the convention had ad
journed nntil 10 a. m. to-morrow.
HAS JUST NINE PLANKS.
Platform That Will Probably Be
Adopted by the People's Party
Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22— Midnight.—
The leading members of the Populist
party are generally agreed that their Na
tional platform shall follow closely the
lines of the Omaha platform adopted four
years ago and quoted in these dispatches
yesterday. This platform, if agreed to,
will be more or less modified, and in this
form wili be practically as follows:
First— We demand a National currency, safe,
sound and flexible, issued by the General
Government only, a full legal tender for all
debts, public and private, and that without
the use of banking corporations; a jußt, equi
table and efficient means of distribution direct
to the people.
Second— We demand the free and unlimited
coinage of silver and gold at the present legal
ratio of 16 to 1.
Third— We demand that the amount of the
circulating medium be speedily increased in
sufficient quantity to transact the business of
the country on a cash basis.
Fourth — We demand a graduated income
tax.
Fifth— We believe that the money of tne
country should be kept as much as possible in
the hands of the people, and hence we de
mand that all State and National revenues
shall be limited to the necessary expenses of
the Government, economically and honestly
aamimsicrea. ,
Sixth— We demand that postal savings banks
De established by the Government for the safe
deposit of the earnings of the people and to
facilitate exchange.
Seventh— Transportation being a means of
exchange and a public necessity the Govern
ment should operate the railroads in the in
terests of the Deople.
Eighth— The telegraph and telephone, like
the postoffice system, being a necessity for the
transmission of news, should be operated by
the Government in the interest of the people.
Ninth— The land, including all the natural
source of wealth, is the heritage of all the
people and should not be monopolized for
speculative purposes, and alien ownership of
lands should be prohibited. All land now held
by railroads and other corporations ia cxcesd
of their natural needs and all lands now
owned by aliens should be reclaimed by the
Government and held for actual settlers only.
It will be observed that the sub-treasury
plan, which was one of the features of the i
Omaha platform has been eliminated. It
is explained that this was an Alliance
"fad," which was only agreed to Dy the
People's party as a compromise and to
placate the Alliance machine, which four
years a-o was a strong factor in the Popu
list ranks.
"General" Coxey of Ohio, who is a con
spicuous figure at this convention, will to
morrow strongly urge the committee on
resolutions to insert a plank favoring his
non-interest bearing bond scheme; but it
is understood at midnight that this will
not be acceptable to the majority of the
committee, who desire to make the plat
form as brief as possible, and who feel that
the Coxey plank would be a detriment to
the party in the coming campaign.
Nor is Mrs. Helen Gougar likely to be
any more successful in securing the inser
tion of an anti-saloon and woman suffrage
plank, for the same reasons; but she will
receive the respectful consideration of the
committee.
SOME ABUSE AND BLOWS.
Lively Scrimmage Before the Popu
list Committee in Settling
Contests.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— The Populist
committee on credentials met in the Hotel
Lindell shortly after 4 p. m. Contests
were reported from Colorado, Illinois,
Missouri and Wisconsin. It was decided
to take up the contests in alphabetical
order and to allow each side half an hour.
The Colorado contest was first heard.
R. M. Southworth and J. C. Hackstaff,
who are contesting, first stated their case.
Mr. Southworth said that he did not con
test the regularity of the convention
which named Mr, Patterson and the
others who hold regular credentials.
He claimed, however, that their conven
tion was Populist in name only, and was
really packed by Democrats, and delegates
sent here came only for the purpose of
forcing Mr. Bryan, the nominee of the
Democratic party, upon a Populist con
vention. Mr. Hackstaff followed in a
bitter denunciation of the Patterson men,
calling them political renegades and out
casts.
Thomas Patterson replied for the regu
lars. He described the convention which
named the forty-five delegates whose seats
are contested. He convinced the commit
tee of the regularity of his appointment,
and of the fact that he is now a Populist
and not a Democrat.
Mr. Taubeneck who had dropped in, de
clared that if Mr. Patterson was not a
Populist he (Taubeneck) was not one.
H. P. Clark, chairman of the Colorado
State Committee declared the regulars had
been properly named by a Populist con
vention. Mr. Southworth was given five
minutes to close. He used his time-mak
ing personal charges against Mr. Patter
son which that gentleman asserted to be
false.
Mr. Bentley of North Dakota moved
that the regulars headed by Mr. Patterson
be seated. On rollcall the motion was
carried by twenty-seven ayes to fourteen
nays. The committee then adjourned.
The committee on credentials again met
at 8 p. m., and after three hours' discussion
reversed the action of the National Com
mittee in the Cook County (Illinois) con
tests and seated both factions, giving each
half a vote. Dr. H. P. Taylor and Chris
O'Brien of Chicago presented the case of
the regulars and Clarence Darrow and
Henry D. Lloyd spoke for the contestants.
The fight was made on the socialist lines.
Several members declared that all Popu
lists ars socialists and differed only as to
degree. After this subject had been dis
cussed until near midnight the Taylor and
Koran factions were seated and eiven a
half vote each by a ballot of 28 to 17.
When Chairman Maxwell of the Illinois
State Central Committee went out of the
room about midnight he was set upon by
some of the contestants, but the men were
separated before any damage was done.
CATOR IS HOPEFUL.
Thinks That a Union of the Rival
Forces Will Soon Be Ac
complished.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. July 22.— Thomas V.
Cator of California, one of the really big
men in tue Populist convention, said to
me to-night:
"The situation is complicated, but I am
hopeful that wise counsels will in the end
prevail. The majority of the delegates
arrived a short time before the convention
assembled. This fact renders it extremely
difficult to procure calm and deliberate
conferences, but the indications to-night
are that the exuberance and intensity of
extreme sentiment is cooling, and if bal
loting does not begin before Friday there
is much reason to hope that a union of
forces will have been accomplished. Thi3
will b3 most beneficial in my opinion for
the silver forces in the present campaign.
I am in hourly receipt of telegrams from
Populists in California urging us to unite
on Bryan.
"The California delegation has not taken
a poll, but we will probably get together
after the joint committees of the conven
tions have met."
It is understood that Cator has been
doing considerable quiet work for Bryan.
Frank McGuibe.
RESOLUTIONS COMMITTEE.
List of States of People's Party
Men Who Have Already
Been Selected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— The follow
ing is the membership of the committee
on resolutions of the People's party :
Alabama, Jerome Whitehead ; Arkansas,
Isaac McCracken; California, J. A. John
son; Colorado, Hon. J. C. Bell; Connecti
cut, Joshua Perkins; Delaware, Herman
V. Hetzel; Idaho, James Gunn; Illinois,
John P. Steele; Indiana, Alonzo Burk
hart; lowa, J. B. Weaver; Kansas, John
Davis; Kentucky. J.A.Parker; Louisiana,
J. T. Howell; Maine, James Campion;
Maryland, Eurich Noyes; Massachusetts,
Levy R. Pierce ; Michigan, B. B.Taylor;
Minnesota, S. M. Owen; Mississippi,
Frank Burkett; Missouri, J. Weller Long;
Montana, Judge George W. Reeves; Ne
braska, Governor S. A. Holcomb; New
Hampshire, G. J. Greenlief ; New Jersey,
L. F. Fuller; North Carolina, W. R.
Henry; North Dakota. L. A. TJland; Ohio,
J. S. Coxey; Oregon, J. S. McCaine; Penn
sylvania, 0. F. Taylor; South Dakota, H.
L. Lauks; Tennessee, J. P. Buchanan;
Texas, J. C. Kearby; Virginia, James G.
Field; Washington, John R. Rodgers;
West Virginia, H. T. Houston ; Wyoming,
W. M. Brown; New Mexico, T. F. Keleher;
Oklahoma, Colonel Garrison ; Indian Ter
ritory, Thomas Sloan.
Membership of States not given have
not yet been decided upon.
MANY VOTES CLAIMED.
But the Bryan Steering Committee
May Strike a Snag In the
Convention.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— The Bryan
steering committee finds to-night that a
sufficient number of votes are pledged to
their candidate to insure his nomination
on the first ballot. The following vote,
showing the Bryan strength by States,
was furnished to the United Press at mid
night as a transcript of their official poll :
Alabama 42, Arkansas 8, Califor
nia 45, Colorado 24, Delaware 3,
Georgia 5, Illinois 42, lowa 27, Ken
tucky 6, Maine 5, Massachusetts 10,
Missouri 8, Nebraska 57, New Yorfc 39,
North Dakota 12, Oregon 17, Rhode Island
2, Tennessee 1, Vermont 3. Oklahoma 9,
Wisconsin 11, Indian Territory 5, South
Dakota 17, New Mexico 2, Arizona 2, Con
necticut 55, Florida 7, Idaho 7, Indiana 15,
Kansas 92, Maryland 8, Montana 11, Nevada
7, New Jersey 11, North Carolina 20, Ohio
28, Pennsylvania 36, South Carolina 1,
Virginia 42, West Virginia 6, Wyoming 7,
District of Columbia 4, Utah 5. Total, 707.
This estimate is claimed to be very con
servative, and it is thought to under-esti
mate the Bryan strength by at least 100
votes. As the total number of delegates
in attendance will not exceed 1300 it will
be seen that Mr. Bryan will have a clear
majority of 100 at least. Some of the en
thusiastic Bryan men believe that when
the opposition discover him to be in the
lead their strength will rapidly diminish
and that before the close of the first ballot
his nomination will be made practically
unanimous. The Bryan men admit that
the great preponderance of sentiment
among the delegates is unfriendly to Mr.
Sewall, and that some other man will be
selected for the second place. This will
probably be a Southern man, inasmuch at
the opposition to Bryan is mainly confined
to the delegations from that section and
this means will be taken to make their
disappointment less keen.
When the convention is brought face to
face with the question of a nomination,
the curious anomaly will be presented of
the convention taking a vote on Vice-
President first, if the present programme
is carried out. This concession will also
be made by the Bryan men, who appre
ciate the fact that the opposition to Bryan
is such that some advantage may be taken
of them if the proceedings follow the
regular channel and the head of the ticke
be voted for first.
Mr. Bailey of Kansas, who is one of the
active young men about the Bryan head
quarters, was asked to-night if any con
siderable number of delegates would bolt
Bryan's nomination.
Bailey replied that in his jugdment the
number would be inconsiderable.
"We have positive assurance from the
Texas delegation," said he, "that they will
not bolt. We regard thiß as. significant,
because the Texans have been the very
head and front of the opposition."
"Would not such a ticket complicate
the vote in the Electoral College in the
event that Major McKinley is defeated?"
"That can be easily arranged. It is,
after all, a mere matter of detail with
which we need not concern ourselves at
present."
BOLTERS WILL ORGANIZE.
If Bryan Is Nominated Dissenting
Populists Wiil Hold Another
Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— Ignatius
Donnelly of Minnesota, who has been one
of the middle-of-the-road Populists who
oppose the nomination of Bryan, informed
a United Press reporter to-day that in his
opinion the Bryan forces will be suf
ficiently strong to control the convention.
He added that in such an event there
would undoubtedly be a bolt and that halt
a dozen Southern States would participate
in it.
A number of leading Southern Populists
assert that they cannot support the
Chicago ticket and that they have no
alternative but to bolt if Bryan be nom
inated. They have had as yet no oppor
tunity to formulate a programme, but their
present intention is to organize in conven
tion immediately after the Populists ad
journ and nominate a straight Populist
ticket. The names most frequently sug
gested for the Presidency are those of
Eujjene V. Debs of railway strike notoriety
and Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota.
Donnelly Against Allen.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— At midnight
the fight between the Bryan and anti-
Bryan forces in the Populist Convention
broke out anew on the matter of perma
nent chairman. The anti-Bryan men will
support Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota,
while the Bryan men will urge Senator
Allen of Nebraska.
The most costly bicycle in the world has
been presented to the' Queen of Italy. The
wheels are of pure gold.
\ NEW TO-DAY.
A Wonderful Medicine
For Bilious and Nervous dlsorders.such as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
i ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flashings of
■ Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos*
tlveness. Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous' and Tremb-
ling Sensations, Ac, when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them ! are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every, sufferer Is
earnestly Invited to try one Box ot these Pills
and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAITI'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or Irregu-
larities of the system. : For a _
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— tew doses will work won-
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion,' bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite; ; and arousing with the ■ Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy ot
the human frame. These are facts * admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one ot
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated is that Beecham'S Fills have ; the
Largest Sale ,of ■" any . Patent Medicine
in the World. ; . ■; *, . ' ■,•..■"••• ■■■.■'
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 , Boxes
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by IT. S.
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
iork, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book
ire* upon application
34
MAJOR McKINLEY
MAKES A SPEECH,
Addresses a Multitude at
Cleveland's Centennial
Celebration.
WILDEST ENTHUSIASM.
Happy Expressions Repeatedly
Drowned in the Popular
Tumult
A VERITABLE RED-LETTER DAY
President Cleveland Congratulates
Ohio's Beautiful City— John D.
Rockefeller's Gift.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 22.— The cele
bration of the founding of Cleveland 100
years ago began at midnight by a centen
nial salute of 100 guns, which was re
enforced by the screeching of steam
whistles, the ringing of bells and the ex
plosion of fireworks. The National salute
was fired at half-past 5, and the citizens of
Cleveland, as well as 40,000 strangers
within its gates, gave np all thought of
slumber and turned out to celebrate.
The speech - making programme was
elaborate. The exercises took place in the
dreat armory, where the recent Methodist
conference was held. Mayor McKisson
delivered an address of welcome, and after
some remarks by James H. Hoyt, Senator
Joseph R. Hawley of Connecticut was in
troduced. He delivered the oration of the
day.
Ex-Governor McKinley was one of the
distinguished guests and occupied a front
seat on the platform during the exercises.
President Cleveland sent fhe following
message, which was read by James H.
Hoyt:
1 congratulate the citizen* of Cleveland
upon the close of her first centennial and wish
it may be only the beginning of her greatness
and prosperity.
The dispatch was warmly applauded.
A centennial ode, written for the occa
sion by Colonel J. J. Platt, was lead, and
then Governor Coffin of Connecticut spoke
briefly in a historical vein.
J. G. W. Cowles of Cleveland announced
that John D. Rockefeller authorized him
to say that he offered as a gift to the
people of Cleveland 276 acres of land for
park purposes, valued at more than
$600,000. The gift was accepted, and the
park will bear Rockefeller's name. The
announcement of this handsome gift was
enthusiastically cheered.
Governor Bnshnell made a short speech
of welcome to the Connecticut and other
Eastern guests and was followed by Major
McKinley. He was greeted with a tumnl
tuous outburst of applause. Mr. Hoyt
introduced him as the next President.
Major McKinley said in part:
Mr. President and my fellow-cltisem: The
people of Cleveland do well to celebrate the
hundredth anniversary of their great and
beautiful city. On this day we pause for a
retrospect. Our history is beginning to have
a»re: Cleveland is 100 years old to-day. Its
original builders are long since gone, and
their mighty struggles are passing from indi
vidual recollection into the field of tradition
and history.
Anniversaries like this increase onr pride of
the men who wrought so excellently in spite
of the trials and hardships from which the
present generation would Intuitively shrink.
The observation of an anniversary llKe this,
seriously and with reflection, does all who are
associated with it or come within Its influence
positive good. It weids the present and past
and emphasizes the ties of home and family
and country. It encourages civic pride and
appeals to the highest and best sentiments of
our hearts and lives.
Major McKinley then reviewed Cleve
land statistically and dwelt with pride on
her achievements. He spoke feelingly of
the pioneers who founded the city 100
years ago, and inclosing, said:
This work bears the impress of the sturdy
manhood of the pioneer who feared God an£
loved liberty. [Applause.] He stands as the
representative of a great age and great civiliza
tion, "the sturdiest oak in the great forest of
mankind." [Applause.] Like the peak which
first catches tbe morning light la the grand
monarch of the hills, so the sturdy pioneer who
struck the first blow for freedom is the grand
monarch of our civilization. [Great Applause.]
Let me commend to you their precious ex
ample. It is richer than titles or royalty.
[Applause.] God grant that the fires of liberty
which they kindled, that the respect for law and
order which they Inculcated, that the. freedom
of conscience and religious liberty which they
taught, and which found expression In the
constitution of the United States, that the
public Credit and honor which they established
•as a most Important source of our strength
and security," that the fervent and self-sacri
ficing devotion to our splendid free institu
tions which were ever the animation and con
trolling purposes of their natures.be as ever
dear to the people of this and succeeding gener
ations ai they were to them. [Applause.]
After the exercises at thf armory a re
ception was given Major McKinley at the
Hollenden Hotel by the Loyal Legion.
About 2:30 o'clock an imposing military
and civic parade got under way, and en
tertained the Cleveland people and their
visitors the rest of the afternoon.
Governor McKinley rode in a carriage
near tue head of the prosession, and for
him it was a triumphal procession through
the streets of Cleveland. The whole cele
bration seemed suddenly turned into a
monster, earnest and tremendously en
thusiastic McKinley demonstration. The
ringing music of lusty cheers and cordial
applause did not die out from the moment
Major McKinley stepped into his carriage
until he drove away at dusk to meet a
dinner engagement.
To-night there was a grand illuminated
pageant, with spectacular representations
illustrating the first century of Cleveland's
development. Scores of floats, unique in
design and beautiful in conception, were
in line, and "Progress" was the central
idea of the pageant. .
EX-SENATOR JONES IS DEAD.
Career of the Second Oldest Em-Member
of the Upper Mouso.
DUBUQUE, lowa, July 22.— General
George W. Jones, who was the oldest
living ex-United States Senator, except
Bradbury of Maine, died to-night. He
was born in Vincennes, Ind., April 12,
1804, and was the son of John Rice Jones,
a native of Wales, and author of the
original draft of the Missouri constitution.
General Jones, in 1821, entered Transylva
nia University, and while there served as
sergeant on General Jackson's bodyguard,
and was one of a company which escorted
Lafayette across Kentucky. Jefferson
Davis was his classmate and Henry Clay
his guardian. . .
In 1827 he moved from Genevieve, Mo.,
to Sinsinwa Mound, Wis., opposite Du
buque, where he engaged in mmmc and
smelting. He served in the Black Hawk
War as aide-de-camp on the staff of Gen
eral Dodge, and in 1834 was chosen dele
gate to Congress from the Northwest :. ter
ritory of Michigan, which then extended
to the Pacific Coast. He secured the crea
tion of the Territory of Wisconsin and
then represented both in Congress, but
was defeated for re-election on account of
his participation as second in the Cilley-
Graves duel.
When the State of lowa was created he
was'chosen Senator. At the close of his
second term President Buchanan ap
pointed niin Minister to the United States
of Colombia. Secretary Seward ,in 1861
recalled him and imprisoned him at Fort
Lafayette, N. V., for writing an 1 alleged
seditious letter to Jefferson Davis. April
4, 1894, the lowa Legislature in joint as
sembly celebrated his ninetieth birthday.
Archbishop Hennessy will conduct the
funeral.
♦ .
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postofflce Estabtii/ied at Lorenzo, Madera
County —Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 22,— A post
office was established to-day at Lorenzo,
Madera County, Cal., and L. Dara ap
pointed Postmaster.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original — James O'Neill,
Lockeford ; William W. Brainard, Los An
geles; David L. Hoover. Santa Yzabel;
William Morgan, Grange ville; Louis Ro
chat, Pasadena; Richard P. Cox, San Jose;
William H. Bairnson, Bakersfield. Orig;
inal, widows, etc. — Rebecca Noland
(mother), Downieville; Adelia Willson,
San Francisco.
Washington: Original— George W. Bray,
Puyallup; Cyrus Sweet, Tacoraa; Harvey
binnett, Palouse City; Ephrairn B. Stark,
Snohomish.
Oregon: Original— Albert Osborn, Mer
lin ; Isaac G. Roberts, Kubh.
Continued Fall of the Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jnly 22.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day had declined to $86,839,528.
The withdrawals were $2,776,500, of which
$2,012,000 was for export.
JAPAN STEAMSHIP LINE,
Expected to Control the Trade
Between the United States
and the Orient.
Blow at the Southern Pacific Com
pany in Which Chicago
Capital Is Enlisted.
CHICAGO, 111., July 22.— A local paper
says: The publication of the negotiations
between President J. J. Hill of the Great
Northern Railway and Mr. Masujima of
Tokio for a steamship line between Pupet
Sound and Japan has developed the fact
that Chicago men already have practically
tompleted arrangements for such a line of
steamers, which it is expected will give
them almost complete control of the busi
ness between the United States and the
Orient
Irt the venture of the Chicago men it is
understood that the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company haa an inter
est, and that the company is ready, if
necessary, to break its alliance with the
Southern Pacific Railway Company and
the Huntington interests in order to
carry out the new scheme. The value
of trade with the Orient is appreciated
fully by all the transportation and com
mercial interests of the country, and
there is no fear that there will not be
traffic enough to make the new line
profitable. San Diego is the present
terminus of the Santa Fe road, and if it
could carry freight to the docks of a trans
pacific steamship company there, its ton
nace would be increased vastly.
President Ripley of the Santa Fe road
was seen in his office.
"It is true," he said, "that we have had
several propositions under consideration
looking toward the establishment of a
steamship line from our terminus to
Japan, but the company has not under
taken the enterprise. The establishment
of our line will be by private individuals
who are friendly to the Santa Fe road."
Mr. Stackpole left last night over the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway for
San Francisco, where he will go direct to
Yokohama. He said before leaving that
he had faith in the success of the scheme
and believed the line will be started in the
near future.
SAN DIEGO'S OFFER.
Liberal Inducements to Secure the -Veto
Steamship Line.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 22.— John C.
Fisher, Philip Morse, H. B. Keeler and
John- E. Boal, the committee appointed
by the Chamber of Commerce to meet Sho
Nemoto and T. Kusakado, the representa
tives of the Japanese Government now
investigating commerce and industry on
this coast, left this afternoon for Los An
geles. They will meet the Japanese there
to-morrow morning and accompany them
to this city. General Manager K. H.
Wade of the Southern California Railroad
is in the city and will remain over to in'
terview the visitors.
Interested parties are now formulating
a proposition to present to the Japanese
representatives when they arrive. It is
believed the offer will consist of free
wharfage, free pilotage and reduced port
charges, all tbe water front needed for
warehouses, etc., and 10,000 acres of land
in Lower California suitable for coloniza
tion purposes.
The Santa Fe Railroad Company is be
lieved io have a thorough understanding
with the Japanese concerning rates for the
ahipmentof cotton from Texas and other
Southern points. The Japanese will re
ceive a flattering offer from the Tepustete
Iron Company, controlling tne immense
iron fields at San Isidro, Lower California.
These fields are on tbe ooast and tbe ore
may be brought here by lighters for ship
ment or may be loaded directly upon
steamers at the mines. As iron is one of
the principal items required by Japan
this offer is expected to have great weight
in bringing the line to San Diego.
The iron is of the finest quality, as has
been proven by tests at Birmii+fcham, Pitts
burg and other centers. If the iron proves
of the requisite quality for steel-making it
is probable that it will be shipped in great
quantities for the building up of the new
Japanese navy.
When tSh-- Japanese visitors arrive to
morrow they will be treated to an excur
sion on the bay, escorted by thirty of the
most prominent citizens of San Diego. A
public reception wiil be tendered in the
evening at the Chamber of Commerce.
TO PREVENT GOLD EXPORTS.
Xeu> lork Hankers Go Into Committee
on Ways and Means.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 22. -An in
formal meeting was held to-day at the
office of Messrs. J. P. Morgan <fc Co. of
foreign bankers, who met to consider what
could be done to prevent gold exports or
any wav within their power to assist in
the maintenance of the gold reserve, sup
plemental to the action of the banks In
putting their gold at the disposal of the
treasury.
The following committee was appointed,
to whom the whole subject was referred to
formulate a plar: J. Pierpont Morgan,
chairman; John Crosby Brown of Brown
Bros. <fe Co.. A. Luttgen of August Bel
mont & Co.; Jacob Sciift of Knhn, Loeb &
Co.; William Salomon of Speyer <!fc Co. A
Maier of Lazard Frerea and H. Ickelhei
mer of Heidelbach, lckeiheimer & Co.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
SEWALL BELIEVES
IN PROTECTION,
The Democratic Nominee's
Strong Republican
Arguments.
AID FOR OUR SHIPPING
Discriminating Duties Declared
to Be Necessary to the
Industry.
FACTS TO INTEREST VOTERB.
An Appeal by the Merchant Marine
Association, of Which He Is
President.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., Jnly 22.-The
State League of Republican Clubs is in
receipt of the following communication
under date of June 30 from the American
Merchant Marine Association, of which
Arthur Bewail, Democratic nominee for
Vice-President, of Maine is president and
A. R. Smith of New York Is secretary:
The Republican National Convention adopt
ed a plank on the 18th ult. (copy inclosed),
the principles of which had received the in
dorsement of fourteen Republican State con
ventions, and the object of which is to restore
to American-built ships the carrying of a com
merce that employs millions of tons of ships
and pays about $250,000,000 annually to the
carriers. I feel sure that your league will be
in full accord with the objects of this associa
tion, as is the great party for which you
labor. * • • I trust that you may bo dis
posed to place the matter inclosed and this
letter before your league at its next meeting,
and if you will advise me of any action taken
or suggest anything that I may do to further
the fuller understanding of your people as to
the necessities of ship protection I shall be
obliged.
Inclosed with this letter is a copy of the
following:
Ship protection plank In the Massachusetts
Republican State platform, adopted March 27.
1896:
We have always given protection to our ship
builders. In late years we have neglected to
protect our ship-owners. We believe the time
has come to return to the policy of Washing
ton and Hamilton, which, by discriminating
duties in favor of American bottoms, secured
90 per cent of our carrying trade to American
ships, and which, if now restored, would again
revive our shipping and cause American
freights to be paid to Americans.
In favor of which the Marine Associa
tion, of which Mr. Bewail is president,
makes the following brief argument:
It Is sound Republican protective doctrine.
It puts money into the National Treasury, in
stead of taking money out, as bounties and
subsidies do.' It creates a preference for Amer
ican ships in the carrying of American com
merce. It was in force for nearly forty years—
from the beginning of our Government down
to 1828— during all of which time an average
of 90 per cent of American foreign commerce
whs carried in American ships.
The first act of the First Congress in 1789
provided, in part, for this form of ship protec
tion. Subsequent acts of that and succeeding
Congresses strengthened > and - extended the
policy. . Shio protection was abandoned, be
cause It was no longer thought necessary, and
from that time the: proportion of carriage of j
American commerce in American ships has '
declined, until to-day but 11 7-10 per cent of
American commerce is carried in American
ships. '
Five million tons of ships are . employed In
carrying American foreign commerce, less
than 750,000 tons of which are American.
Four hundred million dollars would be spent
in American shipyards building the ships
necessary to carry American commerce if the
policy advocated in the Massachnsett*-New
Jersey plank is adopted by the United States.
Three hundred million dollars now annu
ally sent abroad to pay for the carriage of
American commerce, passengers and malls
would be retained in the United States if
American ships did the work. Four billion i
five hundred million dollars, it has been esti- I
mated by the most competent experts, has <
been sent abroad during the past thirty years
to pay for the carriage of American commerce,
passengers, mail, etc. The weakness of the
United States is only apparent upon the seas ot
the world; the adoption of this policy would
strengthen the Nation where its on* weakness
at present exists. -
Senator Elkins of West Virginia has Intro
duced a bill in the Senate and Mr. Payne of
New York in the House proposing to tax im
ports in foreign ships 10 cent more than
imports in American ships are taxed.
It is a policy that provides for the same pro
tection for American ships that Is now pro
vided for American manufactures, to wit:
Discrimination against foreign ships. Just as
we discriminate against foreign manufactures
by a higher duty upon the foreign articles, be
they ships or products of foreign nations.
The United States navy is weak because
Americans are not to be had to man onr
warships. The adoption of this policy
would provide a resource for the manning
of the navy sufficient to provide the men
for the Nation's protection, if ever assailed
by a foreign power.
Accompanying this is a copy of the fol
lowing:
Ship protection plank adopted by the Repub
lican National Convention at St. Louis, Mo
June 18, 1896: .
• We favor restoring the early American policy
of discriminating duties for tbe upbuilding of
our merchant marine aud the protection of our
shipping in the foreign carrying trade, so that
American ships— the product of the American
labor employed in American shipyards, sailing
under the >tars and stripes, and manned, offi
cered an 1 owned by Americans— may regain
the carrying of our foreign commerce.
Explanatory of this strong and patriotic
statement is tbe .following bit of history
circulated by Mr. Se wall's organization:
• Ship-building under Democraticfand Repub
lican rule: The Democratic Commissioner of
Navigation's last report— that for the fiscal
year ending in 1895— shows soma rather start
ling figures of ship-building conditions under
Democratic and Republican rule, which it is
worth while here recording. ■ -
During the administration of Garfieid and
Arthur, preceding the • first administration of
Grover Cleveland, the total tonnage of all ves
sels built in the United States amounted to
1.053,672. During Mr. Cleveland's first term
ioo!?JL nage of a 1 veBEQl s bnilt aggregated but
623,040 tons, a decrease of 41 per cent. • ;
During tho administration .of Benjamin
Harrison the tonnage of all vessels built in the
United States rose again to 1,094,192. being an
increase in the amount of > construction ov«r
that built under Grover Cleveland's adminis
tration of 74 per cent. During the first three
years of Grc-ver Cleveland's second adminis
tration the vessels built in the United States
aggregated 454.436 tons, as compared with a
construction of 894,559 under tne first three
years of Benjamin Harrison's administration
or a (all since tne Republicans lost control of
the Government of 40 per cent.
It is not difficult to understand from these
figures why It is that 1 a large majority,' in fact
about all of the ship-bullaers and ship-owners
of the country, are strongly Republican.
Thus it is that the ablest and mont lucid
arguments for our cause come from the
leaders of the -opposition. " Subjoined to
this history of American shipping is this
bit of patriotic speculation, which, as
later events have shown, is ■ most -pre-'
sumptive considering the subject referred
to:
Whether the Democratic party can be In
duced to favor the policy which Thomas Jef
ferson was particularly influential in having
first established, and which is the only policy*
that has ever been successful in giving to
American ships the carriage of American
commerce, Is not at present known If the
Democrats would join the Republicans and re
store and maintain that po. icy. in the same
non-partisan and unanimous manner that it
was a hundred years ago, its' permanence
would be assured, it would continuously em
ploy hundreds of thousands of skilled work
men in American shipyards and would cause
the retention in the United States of hundreds
of millions of dollars annually sent abroad i In
gold ! to : pay. foreign ships for carrying Ameri
can commerce.
The Democratic convention has come
aud gone, and in the mad scramble to in
culcate seditious and anarchistic dogmas
in its platform the great shipping and
commercial interests of the Nation were
either forgotten or ignored. Mr. Bewail
can, possibly, explain it all to the Ameri
can Merchant Marine Association, but the
voters of California know that ouly Re
publican success means the upbuilding of
American commerce.
The league takes pleasure in placing this
matter before its members and before the
voters of the State. Very respectfully,
A. W. Kinnet, President.
George Francis, Secretary.
LOS ANGELES BLUEFEMANT.
A Divorce Suit Followed by a Runaway
Marriage.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., July 22.—Not
withstanding a previous failure in matri
mony, W. W. Sanchez believes that he
must have a companion to cheer his
Bpirits. To-day he eloped with pretty
Ruby Solomon, who is only 17 years of
ago.
Sanchez was divorced only yesterday,
but this apparently did not deter him to
day. He got a marriage license and called
on the girl while her mother was absent.
They drove to Justice "Morrison's and had
him marry them. This evening the eirl's
mother called at the police station and re
ported that her daughter had left and
asked for assistance to get her back. Mr.
and Mrs. Sanchez were not to be found,
however, and by the time they are, the
mother will probably forgive them.
Pasadena's A«w Industry.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 22.-An en
terprise which is new to this community
at least has been started at Pasadena.
Irving £. Bush is collecting apricot pits,
for which he had previously contracted
with the proprietors of dryers. The pits
sre cracked with a mill, and boys are em
ployed to separate the kernels from the
hulls. They will be shipped to New York,
where the oil will be extracted and used
for the manufacture of fine soap. More
care is necessary in Ihe curing of the pits
for this purpose than where they are nsed
merely for fuel, as has been the case here
tofore, but the dealer is rewarded for his
extra trouble by an increased income from
the pits.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE,
Relatives of the Late William
Rinehart Contest His
Will.
The Dunham Suspect Arrested in
Mexico Not the Campbells
Butcher.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 22.— The contest
of the will of William Rinehart, deceased,
commenced in Judge Lorigan's court this
morning. Most of the day was taken up
in securing a jury. Tho contestants are
Joseph Rinehart, a brother, and Levi
Porter, a npphew. of Pennsylvania, who
are dissatisfied with the will. The grounds
upon which the wiil is contested are that
the testator was of unsound mind and
under undne influence.
William Rinehart died in this city on
February 29 last. He left an estate con
sisting of mortgages, securities and cash,
valued at $20,715, which he beaueathed to
friends and relatives. Under the will the
contestant, Joseph Rinehart, a brother,
was left 1600, and Levi Porter, a nephew,
was not noticed.
A few days before bis death Rinehart
deeded to Edward Donovan, at whose
house the testator died, forty-eight acres
of land near Agnews. It is also sought to
bave this deed bet aside on the ground of
undue influence.
NOT NUTCHER DUNH AM.
7 he Suspect Arrested in Mexico Proves
'to Be an £a»tern Criminal.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 22. —Sheriff Lyn
don this morning received a dispatch from
Y. Sepulveda, Charge d' Affaires ad in
terim, at Tolapa, State of Vera Cruz,
Mexico, stating that the man in custody
! there and supposed to be Dunham was
not the Campbells murderer. The mes
sage states that J. D. Kittrell, the man
under arrest, has been fully identified as
a criminal wanted by the Federal authori
ties of Indian Territory.
Kittrell was arrested ai Tolapa about
two weeks ago on a charge of disorderly
conduct. As he somewhat answered the
description of Dunham and had told a
Mexican woman with whom he was living
that he was wanted for several murders in
tbe United States, the Mexican authori
ties at once notified Sheriff Lyndon.
♦
Found Dead in Hl* Rootn.
I SAN JOSE, Cal., July 22.-Joe Capelli,
an Italian bootblack, was found dead on
the floor of his room in the Costa Hotel,
on North Market street, about 6 o'clock
this morning.- Capelli had been on a spree
I for several days. A bout 2 o'clock this
! morning he was taken to his room in a
, drunken condition by two unknown men.
An autopsy showed" that death resulted
j from fatty degeneration of the kidneys.
I The deceased was about 45 years of age
and unmarried ."^gjsiSMJSKSSS
♦»
Aliened Hnrsethief Released.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 22.— Andrew
: Breschtel, who was being held for trial for
stealing a horse and buggy from R. D.
; Fox, was this morning discharged from
custody by Judce Lorigan, as the proceed
| ings upon which the defendant was held
j were imperfect. There was no evidence
' against Breschtel save a partial confession
! mado to his wife, who after a row with
! her husband reported the matter to the
police.
Crushed to Death.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 22.— William An
drews, a laborer at the Idlewild farm, near
Saratoga, was crushed to death early yes
terday morning by a horse falling on him.
He was leading the animal up a steep hill
when it reared and fell backward. An
drews was a native of England, aged 23
years. He was unmarried and bad no
relatives in thin vicinity.
Jitirglart Plead Guilty.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 22.— Joe Lom
bardo and William Scboeneman pleaded
guilty to 'burglary; in the second degree
before Judge Lorigan ; to-day. They en
tered ,R. McConnell's residence on June
27 and stole a quantity of silverware and
jewelry. WQBBES&S&
- : ■ •- ■
Graders Arrested Xear Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., July 22.— William Har
vey, secretary of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, to-day
filed a complaint in Justice Austin's court
charging two foremen of the Valley road
graders with cruelty to animals. Secre
tary Harvey visited the camp near the
Ban Joaquin River this morning and found
a number of mules working with sore
shoulders. The officer pick?d out nine of
the animals apparently suffering and
ordered them unhitched. He gave in
structions that they should not be worked
again until the abrasions are healed.
Harvey then came to town and tiled the
complaints. Tbe foremen say that they
cannot prevent the collars from making
abrasions on the mules' Bhoulders. Secre
tary Harvey believes that by proper care
they can be prevented.
TUpart* From Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cai... July 22.— Phoebe
Cousins started to-day for Kansas City,
where it is understood she will enter a
sanitarium.
EUREKA'S STRONG
McKINLEY CLUB.
Its Membership Increased
by Over Four Hundred
Names.
OPENS THE CAMPAIGN.
A Committee Appointed to See
That Republican Voters
Register.
CITY PRECINCTS CANVASSED.
Protectionists Who Lean Toward Si!.
ver Found to Bs Few in
Number.
EUREKA, Cal., July 22.— The Mc-
Kiiitey Club met to-night at headquarters
and completed organization. Josiah Bell,
vice-president of the Humboldt County
Bank, was chosen permanent president;
George W. Rager secretary, and Banker
J. W. Henderson treasurer. The execu
tive committee consists of ex-Mayor L. T.
Kinsey, S. A. Campell, Dr. Robert John
son, Fred Robinson and W. H. Haw.
Since the first meeting of the club, when
the temporary organization was effected,
the clubroll has been increased by over
400 names. Only those persons who have
a residence within the corporate limits of
the city are permitted to join, as the
executive committee desires to ascertain
the Republican strength within the muni
cipality. It is believed that the club will
attain a membership of 600 in a few days,
making it one of the strongest organiza
tions in the State.
A close canvass has been made in the
•ten precincts of Eureka, to ascertain the
number of protectionists who lean toward
silver. Very few have refused to sign the
McKinley roll.
J. N. Gillett, Republican nominee for
State Senator, was the first speaker to ad
dress to-night's meeting. He outlined the
work the club should do, and advocated
that steps be taken to form McKinley
clubs in tbe principal precincts of the
county.
All arrangements are being made for an
aggressive campaign. In view of iho fact
that the time for registering is short, a
committee was appointed to see that every
Republican voter registered. When the
meeting adjourned, every one left with tbe
determination to strive to win all the Re
publican votes possible.
♦
FRESNO BA NKER FOR SILVER.
President Woodward of the First Xa~
tional eive* His View.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jnly 22.— 0. J. Wood
ward, president of the First National Bank
of Fresno, is in the city on a visit, and in
j an interview to-day he declared that he
would vote for Bryan, believing that free
silver will give the common people of the
United States at least temporary relief.
"1 intend to vote for silver," said Presi
dent Woodward, "and I must say that in
my judgment not only will California go
for Bryan and free silvei, bat I believe
that Bryan and free silver will sweep the
country. 1 think Bryan will be the next
President of the United States. I have
given this money question extensive
study. There is certainly something
wrong. It is necessary that the common
people of the country, who are mortgaged
I up to their necks, snould have some re
j lief. I can't see how they are going to get
it with McKinley and eofd. I believe that
silver is going to eive them at leaat tem
porary relief; tha: is, I think that if free
silver is introduced in the United States
we will have better times for three or four
years. What will be the permanent effect
on the country 1 am certainly not pre
pared to say. So far as I have studied the
question I have not been ab.'e to satisfy
myself on that point. But, as I said be
fore, I do believe it will give us temporary
relief.*'
"Why temporary relief?"
"Well, when a man brings a thing upon
himself he is inclined to take to it very
kindly and do all he can to satisfy himself
that it Is all rig it. Now the common peo
ple of this country want free silver. They
are going to vote for it, and if it carries
they will take very kindly to it and will
j believe that it is going to .be their savior.
There is no doubt in my mind but that
the common people propose to vote for
free silver. When I say the common peo
ple, 1 do not mean that they are made up
of the bankers and other corporation men.
but you come down in California and talk
to the rank and rile, talk to the people of
the beautiful San Joaquin Valley, and, you
will soon satisfy yourself that what I say
is trne. You will find that those people
are going to cast their votes for free silver."
EUREKA EDITOR'S BOLT.
The Daily Standard Declare* for Me-
Kinley and Gold.
EUREKA, Cal., July 22.— The Daily
Humboldt Standard, a newspaper which
has championed the Democratic cause
since its organization, to-day for mally
went over to gold and McKinley. After
criticizing the revolutionary actions of the
Chicago convention and its disregard for
the old tenets of the party the Standard's
editor, J. F. Thompson, denounces the
Populistic tendencies of the Democracy
and outlines his position in the following
terms:
"If meeting the Populists more than
half way is not enough the Standard will
maintain a little of its self-respect and
support McKinley. It would rather go
down to defeat championing an honest
cause than be carried to victory on the
crest of a wave of popular frenzy created
by demagogues who will cheat people
with debased money, uphold abettors of
anarchy ana cry down all that stands for
honest American manhood. Victory won
by such means conld not challenge the re
spect of intelligent men. It would bring
overwhelming disaster and loss upon the
country and political annihilation to the
conglomeration of parties that snould
achieve it. The good sense of the Ameri
can people will see to it that such coali
tion shall not take tbe reim of govern
ment during the present century."
NO DEMAND FOR WOOL.
Sheep- Owners able to Dispose of
:" Their Product. •- ';-.
' HEPPNER, Ob., July 22. -Never bjfore
in the history of Eastern Oregon has there
been a time when wool-growers could not
get money on their wool) either by selling
of .^ consigning; : bat since: Saturday even
ing there is not a buyer who will purchase
at any price or advance a dollar 1 on clips
in atorage.TSIHBWBaBMBfIWBjjpaMHBB
.; One prominent buyer , says tDat if the
best clip in town were offered at 2 cents
per pound, he could not buy, as his orders
were not to buy at any 'price. Unless
there is a chance soon, hard times are only
commencing -in - this : country. The last
sale of any note reported is from The
Dalles, where F. W. Georgeson of Hum
boldt, Cal., bought 250,000 pounds of LaKe
County's product. The price paid was 6
and 7 cents.
1o Same San Jouquin's Delegates.
BTOCKTON, Cal., July 22.— The Re
publican County Executive Committee
met to-night and authorized the calling of
a meeting of the San Joaquin County Re
publican Committee for August 1, to select
delegates to the Congressional Conven
tion, which will meet at Saciamento on
August 12, to nominate a representative
from the Second District, name a Presi
dential elector aud select a Republican
Congressional committee for the district.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of tha Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
Clubs. . Won. Lost, (^, r t
CI.CE3.
___________^_______ I
Cincinnati.:. 56 2« | .68 :
Cleveland 52 25 ] .675
Ba'tlmore ' SO 26 .666
Chicago 48 »B .570
Boston 42 35 .545
Flttsburff. 41 85 .539
New York 37 40 .480
Brooklyn 39 33 .475
Philadelphia 35 .42 , .454
Washington.... 31 42 .424
St. Louis. .23 65 .294
Louisville. 19 55 .256
CHICAGO, 111., July 22.— Chicago*, 10, 13,
7; Bostons, 9, 14, 6. Batteries— Griffith and •
Kittridge; Nichols, Stivetts and Ganzel. Ur
n
CINCINNATI. Ohio, July 22.— Cincinnatis, !
9, 15. 4; New Yorks, 8, 15, 0. Batteries—Fore
man and Peitz; Clarke and Wilson. Umpire—
Sheridan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 22.— St. Louis, 8, 13, 4; ;
Philadelphia*. 7, 9, 2. Breitenstein
and Murphy; Gumbert and Brady. Umpire—
Emslie. -
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 22.— Clevelands,
12,15,1; Washingtons, 5, 17,3. • Batteries—
Cuppy and O'Meara; German and McGuire.
Umpire—
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 22.—Baltimore-Pitts
burg game postponed; rain.
LOUISVILLE, KY., July 22.— First game—
Louisville 11, 14, 5; Brooklyn*, 8, Id, 2.
Batteries— Cunningham and Dexter; Kennedy
and Grim. Umpire— McFarland.
Second game— Louis villes, 2, 4,0; Brooklyns,
1,1,2. Batteries— Frazer and Dexter; Payne i
and Grim. Umpire— McFarland.
■ • « — ■ — '
PASTERN TERS EFENTS.
Nanki Pooh Seats Clifford at a Mile and
a Quarter.
LATONIA, Ky., July 22.— Seven furlongs,
Gretchen won, Elsket second, Rupee third.
Time, 1 :31?4.
Five and a half furlongs, Olympus won, Rey
del Angels second, Once More third. Time,
1 :l(M£.
Six and a half furlongs, I.ufra won, La Gas
cogne second, Evanesca third. Time, 1:24.
One mile, Joe Clark won, Kingstoue second,
Black Silk third. Time, 1 :44
Five furlongs, Earth won, Volma iccond, Sis
tan third. Time. 1:04.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N T . V., July 22.— Five
furlongs, Rubicon won, Brandywino second, !
Bonaparte third. Time. 1:02^.
Five furlongs, Lady Louise won. Lady Mitch- ! '
ell second, Voter third. Time, I :O5J^.
Mile and a sixteenth, Jefferson wou, Refugee !
second, Emotional third. Time, 1 :05.
Mile and a quarter, Nanki Pooh won, Clifford
second, Dutch Skater third. Time, 2:12%.
Five furlongs, Challenger won, Rodeswona
■econd, Suisun third. Time. l:O4J£.
One mile, Keunel won, Volley second, Tom
Cromwell third. Time, 1:46%.
DETROIT, Mich., July 22.— The great Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' stake was on
to-dav'a card at Grosse Point, but on account
of its being placed last on the programme was
not reached. The attendance was large. It
took eight heats to decide the 2:14 pace, and
every heat was a race from start to finish.
Diet Wiikes was the favorite before the race
started, but was never dangerous.
2:14 pacing, purse $2000— Xlcol Bwon, Josie
B second, Hail Cloud third. Best time, 2 :lOJ^.
There were seventeen starters.
2:19 trottine. purse $2000— Derby Princess
won, Bessie Wilton second, Lily Young third.
Best time, 2:13.
2:20 pacing, four-year-olds, purse $2000 —
Red Oat wou. Frank Bogash second, Ambidex
ter third. Best time. 2 :13,5.
m »
International Chest Tournament.
NUREMBERG, Bavaria, July 22.— The
third round of the international ohess
masters' tournament was concluded to- j
day, the results being as follows:
Wilbrodt beat Albin; Janowsky and Pills
i bury drew: Tarrasach beat Schiffers; Lasker
i beat Steinitz; Schleichter beat Tschigorin;
I Cheiouck and Marco drew; Blackburn and
Marocisy drew; Schallopp beat Teichmann;
Wiuaver beat Showaltnr, and Porges had a
bye.
♦
The Kaiser's Yacht Win*
DUBLIN, ißKfcAirD. July 22.— The race
j for the large raters in the channel, under
the auspices of the Kingstown Yacht Club,
was won by the Meteor.
Accidental Killing at Zebra.
FRESNO, Cal., July 22.— George Ken
nedy, aged 4 years, waa to-day accident
ally shot and Killed by his brother Sandy,
who is 11 years old. at Zebra, in the Madera
County foothills. Tne boys were hunting,
the elder one carrying the shotgun and
his brother accompanying him to pick up
game. The shotgun wes easily discharged
and it went off accidentally, the younger
brother being in range at the time. He
was killed instantly.
•
El Cajon Valley Casualty.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 22.— Thomas
: Mason, aged 10, while hunting with a boy
I companion in Sycamore Canyon, twelve
! miles east of the city, to-day accidentally
■ shot himself in the abdomen with a 22
-! caliber rifle. He died to-night. His father
I was on the jury in the Hearne-San Fran
| cisco Chronicle libel case and was confined
in the Courthouse, but by stipulation of
' the attorneys he was allowed to go to El
i Cajon Valley, where his son's body is
; lying.
• NEW TO-DAY.
I GAILBORDEN 1
I EAGLE Brand!
EAGLE Brand!
I -CONDENSED MILK.. |
I Has No Equal §
I SOLD EVERYWHERE I
$250,000
; jto— Sß BS— m mm ;Jj fIWAVfe AllfAII
■■^MBißaliu S year *° va^ ua^ e
Q|jS HSL articles to smokers of
ril KtSrP*E??¥y Genuine
vs§£~ Tobacco
You will find one coupon in-
side each 2-ounce bag, and two
■■:;■' The* Beet v 1 »pons inside each 4-ounce
4m#klrl M o,npLlT . bag- Buy a bag, read the coupon
SmoklngTobacCO Made and see how to get your share.
Is the light that will brine a" great bi«
1 glow, of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and, vigorous your now
| weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. Yon can Vet it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials. -.",
The extraordidary Rejuvenator Is : tbe
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Enrope and America.
HUDYAN 13 purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous fvitchlngs of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It la
( as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
j emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
!or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
, vate indorsements. : • .
Prematureness means impotency in th»
first stage. It is a symptom of. seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
■FAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, doe to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sor;-
producing irerms. Tnon come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spot*, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
ratlin? nair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs
by writing for "Blood Boole" to the old physician*
° HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTK,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL..
NO CHANGE IN PRICE.
$75 and $85
JUST THE SAME,
Because they are worth it
: and we have no apologies
to offer to the friends who
favored us with early or-
ders.
TERMS EASY.
$5 DOM $2 PER WEEK,
 .Because we have faith in
our own works. ';
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.,
18 and 20 McAllister Street
Open Evenings.
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should Bend at
(gfSDt ' ' once for a book
_jj^7 . that explains how
. y^v/>\ ' full manly vigor
I * '»r^%t * 9 ea6i ly> quickly
_J \zzJ/t^l. «^V an< * Permanently
' V^SlL^HiaS^vraO) reetoreJ. No man
iT/^*s*r-7>JS?p&AK suffering from
I / VM/y I W&lfi weakness can af-
i/^j^S^J iwar ford to ignore this
JiC-^TVVi; fl{.y\ timely advice.
Z>Z£X "^J^GWP°ofe tells how
2~ — ~Z strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body Sent with positive
proof (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., BUFFALO^, Y.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIBE-PROOF, •- •'-' *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. *
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths ,
200 suites, 2to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes business and theatrical centres. ,
! Overlooking Central Park and th» Bnd*oa lUyw
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
Cth or 9th aye. " L T< to €6th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, £3 np. Hotl com-
' pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
In New fort W. JOHNSON QUI2tN, M«r.
.WM, NOBLa, Propr.LIVES LOST IN
FOREST FIRES.
Many Settlers Believed to
Have Perished Near
Spokane.
PENNED IN BY FLAMES.
Fears That Miners in the Arrow
Lake Country Failed to
Escape.
FIGHTING TO SAVE EOSSLAND.
A Wall of Fire Is Advancing on the
Little British Columbia
Town.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 22.— A strong
wind has been blowing from the east for
twenty-four hours and has cleared the at- I
mosphere here of smoke, but in the
mountains to the north it has been the
means of fanning the forest blazes into j
raging walls of fire, which are sweeping |
across the mountains and down into the
valleys with terrible rapidity. When the
air was still the fires were confined to the
mountains and did not creep down into
the valleys, but now those who songht
safety there are compelled to flee for their
lives. Along all water courses like the
Kettle River, Salmon River and the Co
lumbia, wild game and birds are coming
down in great nurrbers and in their fright
become tame and docile.
Word received from Kaslo and points
along Arrow Lake reports that the high
wind has fanned the smouldering embers
into fresh blazes and where the miners
thought they were safe, the fire having
skipped over, they find themselves sur
rounded by flames. In some cases escape
is almost impossible, and a number of
deaths may be the result. On the North
Fork of the Salmon nearly all the cabins
and shaft houses have been burned to the
ground, with large quantities of provisions
and tools.
It is learned to-night that Rossland,
B. C, is in danger. All citizens of the
town are out on the hills trying to prevent
the fire from reaching their homes. Cabins
within four miles of town have been
burned.
Meager reports reached this city of fires
on the reservation. Only a few people
have come down, and it is feared that
many have met their death. A party
came to Kettle River from Turtle Creek,
and three went back to get some beddine
they had forgotten. They have not re
turned, and as the fire has swept over the
place it is feared they have been lost.
The United States Forestry Commission
is in this city, coming for the purpose of
inspecting the forests, but the visitors find
they cannot go out on account of the fires.
From information they have of the extent
of the tire they estimate the damage as
into the millions of dollars.
SWAPT BY WAILS OF FIRE.
Great Destruction of Property Around
Alberni.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 22.— The south
ern half of Vancouver Island has been
enveloped in smose for several days. The
bush fires, raging in all directions, are
causing great damage to property and
making travel on the country roads not
only disagreeable in the extreme, but dan
gerous.
Alberni is surrounded by a wall of fire
and the flames have taken entire posses*
sion of Mineral Hill, a very wealthy sec
tion. They have destroyed all buildmgs at
the Duke of York mine, on China Creek,
and are now within two or three miles of
town, having burned numerous camps and
bridges. There were many narrow escapes
from death. Women and children had to
be kept under the piping of hydraulic
mines and drenched with water to save
their lives.
The Duke of York Company lost its
stabtes. blacksmith-shop, assay office and
about 75.000 feet of lumber. Holes had to
be punched in the flume and piping to
Bave it-
The Cataract sawmill has been burned,
and according to latest reports the ma
chinery in other mills has been taken
apart.
J. F. Bledsoe had a narrow escape on
Saturday. . He was down the creek which
bears his name, and believing that the fire
had at last burned Itself out he attempted
to run the gauntlet of smoke and ashes.
Hnrdly had he reached the center of the
hotbed than flames started' up all round
him, compelling him to seek safety in tbe
waters of the creek. He remained there,
with the water up to his neck and his
hands before his face, for two lone haurs
before he was able to resume his journey.
Tne cribwork on portions of the Alberni
road is also burned, but has been patched
sufficiently to ailow the stage to pass.
The stage had to stop at frequent inter
vals while all hands helped to clear away
trees, which in many places have fallen
across tbe roadway.
♦
RAG JAG SEAK VASCVVrjEK.
Great Damage Done by the Advancing
Line of Fire. .
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 22.— Along
the Northern Railway, between Whatcom
and Goshen, bush tires have burned many
barnes, fences ana railroad ties. At Van
couver last night there were two fires, a
house and steamer being burned. Unless
rain comes soon * large tracts of " timber
along Fraser River' will be aestroyed.
Dense smoke has settled down over the
seaport towns,- and it is with the greatest
difficulty -navigation" can ;be carried 011.
The bush fires are more extensive than in
any season of trie post ten years. Firemen
are busy night and day fighting back the
flames in every town on the Canadian
coast.
News from all j sections of the province
report the fires rasing/ In the Kootenay
country," in the SelKirks, aloni; the • coast,
on Vancouver Island,. in Northern Wash
ington and on the islands of the gulf great
forests are being devoured, and add to this
the destruction ' in '■- qut-of : the-way \ places
and the : loss will be incalculable. : Con
siderable difficulty^' is being experienced
along lines of travel. The Canadian Pa
cific is singularly free, due no doubt to the
fact that : the timber is '■ cut down for 100
feet on each side of the right of way. '■■■ ■,:•
The Bellinpham Bay line is not so for
tunate, and yesterday it bad to transfer
between the boundary and Whatcom. ow
ing to tbe large number of smoldering
trees i across the , track." • The " Lake " Shore
and Eastern > line is enveloped in ;; smoke
for some distance south of ; the boundary,
and trains are greatly impeded by .'cattle
seeking refuge from the , tire i along .--; the
open right 01 way. Fortunately. ; so far no
lives have been reported lost. -..•;!
Urain Fire AVnr Chico.
CHICO, Cal., July 22. -Fire yesterday
destroyed 400 acres of barley belonging to
the Buck brothers situated near the river
on the Bid well ranch. A steam harvester
was at york in the field when the flames
were first seen. A high wind was blow
ing, and the flames spread rapidly. The
men from the threshing machine were re
enforced by crews i rom the adjoining fields,
and kept the fire from spreading to a
wheattield near by. It is estimated that
the barley burned would have yielded
4600 sacks, aggregating a loss of. about
$3200. There was a partial insurance on
the grain. •
TO EXPLORE CRATER LAKE.
Hundreds of Excursionists Will Journey to
the Great Reservoir in the
Mountains.
ASHLAND, Or., July 22.— The mid-Au
gust excursion of the Crater Club to the
unexplored Crater Lake promises to bring
several hundred visitors from Oregon and
California to Ashland and Medford, the
principal starting points, within the next
two weeks.
Over 200 people of this city are enrolled
for tbe Crater Club's trip. President Wat
son oT the club says there will very likely
be 1000 persons at the famous lake by Au
gust 20. Many inquiries have come from
California points.
Camps will be pitched at famous trout
fishing points. Old soldier? and sailors of
Southern Oregon are to hold their State
reunion here, concluding with a grana en
tertainment on the 16th, the day set for
the start to the mountains. No less than
300 member.* of the Mazanias of Portland
are expected to come.
Geologists regard Crater Late as a won
derful phenomenon. Tbe United States
Fish Commission was recently ordered to
investigate the Jake. It occupies the
crater of an extinct volcano. Its surface
is 6329 feet above sea level and is about
I 2000 feet deep, Lake Baikal being the only
| other body of fresh water in the world that
>is deeper, it is about thirty-rive miles
east of Rogue River Valley and is reached
| by a picturesque mountain road.
ON THE VALLEJO TRACK,
Plunkett and Nutwood Pace a
Dead Heat in the 2:14
Class Event.
Stella Captures the Trot in Easy
Style — Colonel Bsnton and Bay
wood Matched
VALLEJO, Cal., July 22.— The first
event to-day under the auspices of tbe ;
Vallejo Jockey Club, a pacing race for the
2:14 class, was between J. L. Smith's Aliie
Cresco, D. Mizner's Plunkett and H. riell
man's Prince Nutwood. Purses were paid
on each heat. In the first Piunkett jopged
in a winner, with Prince Nutwood second.
PiunKett and Nutwood passed under tbe
wire in a dead heat in the second. Pools
were divided between the two horses.
Allie Cresco won the third heat in good
style. Ihe best time made during the
race was 2 :30%.
In the 2:30-c!ass trotting, three in five,
! four contestants appeared — T. Smith's
Stella, Lielerly's Twilight and J. Concello's
Millie L and Addison. Addison took the
first heat, with Millie L second and Twi
light third. Stella won the second, third
and fourth heats straight. It was a splen
did contest, but the black mare trotted as
true as steel and landed the race to ncr
j credit. Best time, 2:29.
The programme for to-morrow's races
will include a 2:20-class pace with Addie
Senter, Nickotine and Bonny Belle as
starters, and a 2:25-class trot with six en
tries — Solo, Pilot, Reno, Guy Vernon, Clay
S and Dollican. In addition a special pacing
race for $250 between P. L. Nash'sGilroy
wonder, Colonel Benton, with a record of
2:15, and D. L. Minis' Bay wood, with a
record of 2:10, has been arranged. This
race will draw a large crowd to the track.
♦
DIVORCED AT SACRAMENTO.
Rancher Talmadge's Wife Is Granted a
Separation and Heavy Ali
mony.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 22.— The di
vorce case of Martha Talmadge against
C. V. Talmadge, which was on trial here
for several weeks recently and created
I quite a sensation, was decided to-day in
I favor of the plaintiff by Judge Catlin. He
; gives Mrs. Talmadge a divorce and $6000
! alimony.
Talmadge is a rich farmer living near
j Courtland. His wife was an inmate of a
I disorderly house here where he met her.
He too* her to San Francisco and was
I married to her by a Justice of the Peace a
! year ago.
He sar s she got him drunk for that pur
pose, but he went with her, got the license
and was married at tee home of her sister.
The next day be went home alone and she
went to the ranch two weeks later. In the
meantime he deeded one half of this prop
erty to his daughter, Mamie, in trnst for
herself and bis other six grown up sons
and daughters, but reserved a life interest
in the property and $12,000 in bank. His
wife was coldly received at the ranch and
was harshly treated by Talmadge and his
two daughters who jived with him. She
finally sued for. a divorce on the ground of
cruelty and for $20,000.
Talmadge brought a cross suit for
divorce.
The court gives Mrs. Talmadge $40 per
month alimony until the judgment is set
tled, and restrains Talmadge from remov
ing the money in bank until then. This
is the case that gave rise to the Bee oon
tempt incident, for which Editor Mc-
Clatchey was fined $500 for resenting a
statement by the court that the Bee's re
port of a portion of Taimadge's testimony
was untrue.
RAIS AT SANTA BARBARA.
Fruit and Vegetables Benefited by a Gen
■] erottu ' Downpour. ■'■ -■
, SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 22.—
Santa - Barbara has . been struck by some
sort of a hybrid south wester and her in
habitants are wondering what is happen
ing in her climate. Rain began falling at
9 o'clocr last night and continued falling
steadily all' ni^ht and until noon to-day.
The entire precipitation is reported at
from .42 to .72 of an inch. The ground was
in excellent condition to receive it, and if
the weather bureau prediction, together
with the local weather signs, are verified
and more rain falls to-night the ranchmen
can begin -putting' in their next season's
crop to-morrow. A little hay has been in
jured, but as the entire crop has been either
stacked or baled the injury will be slight,
while corn, beans ■ and • pumpkins, citrus
fruits and berries will be benefited. '■ This
is the ' first appreciable rainfall occurring
in July, in Santa Barbara since a weather
record has been Kept, extending over a pe
riod of twenty-two years. : > •.-'. ••-■■...
»
'- , Bain .Fall* at Fit alia.
VISALIA, Cal., July 22.— For the past
thirty-five days tbe mercury has never
failed to pass the 100-degree mark daily.
Last evening the barometer indicated a
change, and this morning and to-day sev
eral showers fell, amounting to .15 an
inch. A very little dried fruit was dam
aged.
Lou Olxrot liet* a netting.
LOS OLIVOS. Cal., July 22.— Rain from
the east began falling at 11 o'clock iast
ni^ht and continued incessantly until 8
odock this mornine, with a steady drizzle
ail day. If the weatner clears to-night the
damage will be slight.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
CHRISTIANS PLAN
AT SANTA CRUZ.
Songs of Praise Heard in
Garfield Park's City
of Tents.
PASTORS IN CONVENTION
Questions Spiritual Discussed by
Teachers of the Gospel
Faith.
CHOOSING A CHURCH NAME.
Speakers Differ Slightly in Their
Selection — Addresses by Able
Lecturers.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 22.— The at
tendance at Garfield Park was increased
to-day, and the interest in the Ministerial
Association convention undiminisned.
The recently arrived delegates to the vari
ous conventions to be held here are get
ting settled in their comfortable tents and
pretty cottages. There is a spirit of neigh
borliness becoming to their profession
that makes this camping out a delight to
the members, to many of whom it is their
only outing of the season. The character
and spirit of the conventions add to this
spirit of brotnerhood, for these conven
tions are not of the law-making order, but
for the so!e purpose of advancing the
spiritual welfare and the general religious
culture and social acquaintance of the
delegates. The presence of the large num
ber of children elves the paik a home
like appearance, and there is the sound of
mirth and joy of childhood during the
hours between* the sessions of the conven
tions.
Rev. Guy Smith opened the Ministerial
Association meeting tbis morning with
prayer, and Rev. C. P. Pann was ap
pointed secretary. Rev. J. H. Hughes of
San Jose addressed the convention on
"Shall Our Churches Receive the Un
immersfed?" The paper showed much
study. It dealt in a gentle manner with
this important question, in which so many
are interested, taking the ground thai
such persons could not be received. He
was followed by the Revs. W. H. Martin,
L. B. \Vilkes, J. F. Tout and R. H. Bate
man.
Rev. D. A. Pier addressed the associa
tion on "The Name for a United Church,"
claiming that the name Church of Christ
wss tbe one or. which all could unite and
had the warrant of scripture. Rev. F. D.
Ford of Pacific Grove followed in perti
nent remarks advocating the name Chris
tian as the one taught in the Bible, which
is another form for Church of Cnrist.
In the afternoon the convention was
entertained by Revs. T. B. Butler and L.
B. Wilkes. This evening Rev. Professor
B. M. Jeffersou addressed a large audience.
TORNERS HONOR " THE CALL."
Made the Official Organ of the Santa Cruz
Turn feat.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 22.— The
Tornfest executive committee has shown
its appreciation of Thx Call by making
it the Turnfest official organ for the Eng
lish-reading people.
One of the leading features of the com
ing festival will be the torchlight proces
sion on Saturday night, August 8, the
opening night of the festival. The follow
ing named fraternal and other societies
will be invited to participate, and with the
Turners' societies will make tbis the finest
parade ever witnessed in Santa Cruz : The
Naval Reserve, Fire Department, Native
Sons, Native Daughters, Pioneers, Bran
cilorte Lodge, No. 961, I. O. O. F. ; Sa«
Lorenzo L>odge No. 147, I. O. O. F. ; Santa
Cruz Encampment No. 30, I. 0.0. F. ;
RebeKab Lodge No. 7, I. O. O. F. ; Masons,
Redrcen, Foresters of America, A. O. U.
W., G. A. R., Woman's Relief Corps,
Larties of tbe G. A. R., Knights of Honor.
Knights of Pythias, Eastern Star. National
Union, Druids, Madrones Grove, Swiss
Club, Watsonyille Drill Corps and the
public and high schools of the city of
Santa Cruz.
The committee has ordered of J. B. At
keson and W. H. Bell of San Francisco
5000 copies of a souvenir programme to be
used in the celebration. The ladies' class
of eighteen of San Jose has announced its
intention of participating in the exercises,
as has a class named "The Bears" of San
Jose, whose members are from 45 to 70
years of age. The Schuetzen ladies of San
Francisco will be here. They are experts
with the rifle, and wili do some prise and
exhibition sbootinc-
SETTLED AT SAN BERNADINO.
Sudden Ending of the Suit for the Maria
Group of Mince.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., July 22. -.A
suit over the possession and ownership of
the Maria group of mines, located near
the Colorado River and about sixty miles
north of Needles, come to a sudden termi
nation to-day. A. L. Barney was the
plaintiff and Monaham, Murphy, Brown
& Apple the defendants. Barney was in
possession of the mines under contract to
purchase, when the defendants claimed to
have discovered that Barney was shipping
ore without reporting to them and that he
was not paying the miners their wages.
They thereupon went out, paid the men
and took possession of the mines.
Barney commenced suit against them
for depriving him of the property, which
he valued at $!550,000. The suit began in
the Superior Court yesterday, and 3ome
progress was made. Last night, however,
the parties tD the suit and their attorneys
got together, and this morning cams into
court and consented that judgment be
entered in court as follows:
That within twenty days the defendants
execute a deed of grant to convey to A. R
Barney a clear title to the contested prop
erty, and deliver the deed to the plaintiff
upon the deposit by him in the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank of $22,000 for
the use and benefit of trie defendant?. The
following condition is added: That if the
entire sum of money is not deposited as
ordered, within the next twenty days, the
title without any incumbrance to revert
to the defendants.
A Chinrte Army Almost Annihilated.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 22.—Chi
nese advices to July 8 received here say
that tbe Mohammedan rebels at Lan Cftu
have routed and almost totally annihilated
the force of 6000 imperial troops that were
sent to suppress them. The rebels are
now said to be marching through the
country killing and pillaging on all sides.
Will Can «onom« Fruit.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., July 22.— Articles
of incorporation of the Rose City Canning
Company, with J. D. Barnett, L. W. Bur
ris, John M. Streining, W. S. Davis and
A. J. Streining as directors and a capital
•tock of $50,000 divided into 500 shares of
the par value of $100 each, were filed in
tbe County Clerk's office this afternoon.
The new company will operate the plant
formerly known as Hunt Bros. Packing
Company, and will do a general business
in canning and handling of fruit and
vegetables. The first work of tbe season
will be commenced to-morrow in canning
apricots.
FLIGHT OF A STOCKTON WIFE.
Deserts Her Sick Husband and Two
Children to Lead a Degraded
Life.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 22.— Antonia
Brunetta, a laborer, has lost his wife and
his health, and has two little girls to take
care of. This morning he applied to the
police for a home for his children, in order
that he might go the County Hospital.
He was directed to Registrar Eckstrom of
the Associated Charities, who in turn sent
him to Mrs. J. B. White, president of the
Old People's and Children's Home.
Brunetta informed Mrs. White that his
wife had deserted hrm and refused to care
for the children and that he was too sick
to do so himself and was without means
to pay for their support. Yesterday, he
said, he sold his silver watch for $4 to pay
for their board and lodging and he had
but 15 cents left. The little ones were
placed in the Children's Home.
Brunetta has been working in the mines
and in the vicinity of Linden. His family
has been living at Livermore. Recently
he was informed that his wife had sold all
the community property and departed for
San Francisco. He left his work and
started to find her.
He came across the woman at the Hotel
Tuscano, at 526 Broadway. San Francisco,
where he found her in company with other
men. She had him thrown out of the
place and badly beaten, but he managed
I to gain possession ol the two girls, aged 3
I and 5 years, and brought them to Stockton.
The father was taken to the hospital this
afternoon. He will bring suit for divorce
from his wife as soon as he is able.
MISSING FROM AVALON,
Young Kenneth Powell Lost in
tbe Catalina Island
Hills.
Searching Parties Fail to Discover
Any Trace cf the
Youth.
AVALON, CaTAIXVA Islaxd, July 22.—
Great anxiety is felt here over the dis
appearance of Kenneth Powell, the 15-year
old boy of M. A. Powell, who rt sides at
1415 South Hill street, Los Angeles. The
boy was spending a few days at Avalon
with his mother, and last Saturday after
noon disappeared, since which time he
has not been seen or heard from. It was
feared that the boy had wandered off to
the hills in the interior oi tbe isiand and
been lost. Hunting parties were organ
ized, and i he hills and canyons scoured,
but no trace of him was discovered. His
father arrived from Los Angeles Monday
night, ana sent out another searching
party of twenty men.
Mr. and Mr?. Powell left the island by
this morning's steamer, and tbe Los An
geles police force will be set to work on
the case. The boy is an only child, and
the parents are distracted. He had no
money, and through interviews obtained
with steamer officials, it is learned that no
boy answering to bis description has taken
passage to the main'and, as he had no re
turn ticket, and an attempt to pass him
self over would have been detected by tbe
captain or purser. It is possible* that he
may have hidden in the hold of the Her
mosa on Saturday night and gone to the
other side.
>t -c ton Xative Sent' Pfenie.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 22.— The Native
Sons will give a moonlight picnic and con
cert at Goodwater Grove to-morrow night
I for tbe benefit of the fund lot the water
I carnival that is to be held here on the
night of Admission day. The place is an
1 ideal one for an affair of tbis kind. The
I picnic grounds are beneath huge oak trees,
■ whose branches wi!i be filled to-morrow
I night with colored lights and multi-colored
! Japanese lanterns. The Native Daughters
< have joined hands with the local parlor to
make the affair a great success.
The Native Sons' Admission-day com
mittee met to-night and decided to bold a
j bicycle meet on that holiday. A commit
j tee was appointed to arrange for this, and
i also for a display of fireworks on the
i night of the 9th of September.
Concert at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July 22.— The
University of California Glee Club gave a
concert at Assembly Hail to-night. The
quartet was well received. Long before
the concert commenced the house was
crowded. The programme was well ren
dered and the audience was enthusiastic
MAHER AND CHOYNSKI.
The Fighters Have Given Up Hope of
Sleeting; Under the Auspices of
the National Club.
Peter Maher has about cencluded that
he cannot arrange a match in this City.
His manager, Connelly, said Jast evening
that Groom of the National Club had
about given up all hope of securing a per
mit, and unless some of the clubs that are
in a position to hold an exhibition will
come to the front with a good offer very
soon he will be off for New York immedi
ately after Maher has a meeting at the
People's Palace. Connelly is of the opin
ion that Chief Crowley will grant Cliff
Philips of the People's Palace permission
to give a short boxing entertainment on
Wednesday evening next, when Mahej
will spar three or four rounds with Prewitt
the big colored scrapper.
If Philips should fail to get a permit
from the ChJef to hold a short exhibition,
Connelly and Maher will start immedi
ately for New York. A prominent sport
ing man said las; night that an effort will
be made to-day by a friend of Choyuski's
to secure a license from the Supervisors
for this special contest, and that the pros
pects are very favorable.
••Bohemia" at the Baldwin Next Week .
Charles Frohman's Empire Theater Com
pany from New York City W ill arrive in this
City to-night in readine»3 to open the season at
the Baldwin Theater next Monday night with
Clyde Fitch's comedy "Bohemia." Mr. Froh
man's organization comes here to begin its
seventh annual tour. The Empire Theater
Company is bringing With it three Eastern
successes which theater-froers on the Pacific
Slope have never seen. The company is larger
and stronger than when it was last seeu here,
and the wide range of acting called for in the
plays in which it will appear demands a large
and variegated assortment of comedy and
dramatic talent. As at present constituted
the organization includes: Miss Viola Allen,
William Faversham. Annie Irish, taa Con
.(iii >t, May Robson, Mrs. Thomas Whiffen, Jane
hUrtvar, Ellen G»U, KatherineMulkins, Lottie
Kicnoll, J. E. Dodson, Robert Edeson, Ferdi
nand Gott«chalk, E. M. Backus, W. H. Cromp
ton, J. E. Finney, Cnar!e-> Young, Walter Day,
George C. Pierce, etc. "Bohemia" is by Clyde
Fitcn.who has taken it from the French,
using Berriere's dramitization of Henri Mur
ger'n "'Vie de Buheme" as th# basis for his
work. The Eastern critics found It a clever
play, and some said that it w.ts even better
than "Trilby," the compnrison being war
ranted by the fact that both plays dealt with
the same materials, those found in the artists'
quarters 01 Paris. Murder's sketches have
been turned to account by several dramatists,
bat it is acknowledged that none has secured
as bright and pleasant and successful a result
from them as Clyde Fitch. The sale of seats
for the Empire Theater Company's engage
ment commences this morning.
TACOMA BALLOTS
SPIRITED AWAY,
Stolen by Cracksmen From
a Vault in the City
Hall.
PREVENTS A RECOUNT.
Election Contests Brought by
Republicans Cannot Be
Decided.
CLEVER WOBK OF THIEVES.
Drill Through Walls «f Brick and
Cement to Obtain the Ballot-
Boxes.
TACOMA, Wash., July 22.— The city
was astounded this afternoon by the dis
covery, made by Controller Benham, that
the vault of the city council chamber bad
been broken into and part of the ballots
cast in the municipal election on April 6,
stolen or destroyed.
Very soon after Mayor Fawcett was de
clared elected by two votes ex-Mayor
Edward S. Orr began a contest suit, which
was taken to the Supreme court, resulting
in the decision that the Supreme court
had no jurisdiction to try the case. Later
quo warranto proceedings were instituted
against Mayor Fawcett. This case came
up to-day before Judge Pritchard and it
was expected the ballots would be counted.
Controller Benham was ordered to pro
duce them in court at 2 o'clock. He had
just opened the vault to secure them when
he discovered that it had been rifled. An
investigation showed that a hole ten by
twelve inches in dimensions had been cut
through the brick and cement wall into
the vault, from the office occupied by the
Civii Service Commission.
The hole was concealed by putting back
the footboard. Inside the vault a large
amount of brick and mortar was found.
The returns from three precincts had en
tirely disappeared, and other ballot-boxes
were found to have been broken into.
Court adjourned on announcement of
j the discovery, and Judge Pritchard, ac-
I companied by the lawyers, repaired to the
| City Hall and made a personal investiga
-1 tion. It is now a question whether the
count of the ballots can proceed. If not,
150 or more Popuiists and Democrats who
have been given places tinder Mayor Faw
cett, will remain in office. The Republi
cans expected a judicial count would rein
state them, alleging that errors in the
! counting were made in many precincts in
favor of Fawcett, tbe fusionists having had
two out of three members of the election
boards in many instances. Republicans
point to the fact that precincts in the
Third, Sixth and Eignth wards, of which
the ballots were stolen, gave majorities for
Orr ageregating seventy or eighty votes.
Some Fawcett supporters alleged that
the wall was openol from inside the vault,
of which the Controller's force had the
keys. The Controller claims this would
have been impossible, because the seals
bearing the names of several city officials
were posted over the vault doors in April
and remained unbroken until to-day.
Two weeks ago the City Hall janitor dis
covered some crowbars on the floor above
this vault and called an official's attention
Ito them. A few days later they disap
| peared. Presumably the vault was rifled
I about that time. It is expected that the
Council will offer a large reward for the
apprehension of the guilty parties.' Mayor
Fawcett offers a reward of $200.
HUGO KEIL'S KEEN RETORT
Charges Made by the Carnival
Committee Refuted in Caus
tic Terms.
At the Auction Sale the First Bid
for Seats Came From the Mer
chants' Association.
"I will state that so far as the existence
of a political rine among the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association is
concerned, that it is a boldfaced and ma
licious falsehood and has has no founda
tion on fact," said Hugo Keil yesterday.
"The directors of the association," he con
tinued, "have no political aspirations or
axes to grind whatever, and there is no
j work done for personal aggrandizement.
We are working to further the interests of
San Francisco, with no expectation of re
muneration, political pull or prospective
political position.
•'ln the last two years and a half of the
existence of the association, during which
time regular semi-monthly meetings have
been held, besides numerous special >es
510ns, there has never been a necessity for
a postponement on the account of the
failure of a quorum of the members to be
present, which alone sneaks of the active
interest which the members take in their
labor of love for the welfare of our City.
"When the carnival committee called on
Mr. Dohrmann, the president of the Mer
chants' Association, the latter expressed
his interest, and said he would bring it be
fore the next meeting. This he did. The
Carnival Association wauled our active co
operation, but after thoughtful considera
tion we found that agitation of the charter
question, wnich waj coming up at tne
next election; the cleaning, sprinkling
and paving of our streets, and many other
matters pertaining to the improvement
and beautifying of our city taxes the mem
bers of the directory to such an extent
that they could not take active interest in
the carnival, though willing to do any
thing in their Dower to insure its success.
The association appointed me a delegate
to the Carnival Association, 1 being chan
man of the committee ol publicity and
promotion, to attend such public meetings
of the Carnival Association as might l.c
called.
"Pursuant to appointment, I attended
the auction sale of seats at which Miss
Elliott presided, and one of the first things
I noticed was that many of the directors
and members of the executive committee
of the Carnival Association were conspicu
ous by their absence. When the sale of
seats began and Miss Elliott offered box A
for auction there was a ciam-like silence
among the members of the Carnival Asso
ciation. I felt rather sorry that their
snould be so little response to so fair an
auctioneer and I started the bidding at the
very modest sum of $15. The members of
the Carnival Association .were afforded
ample opportunities at tbe subsequent sale
to show their liberality, but they did not
improve them, and it seems rather out of
_'___/ • THE EMPORIUM. ' rj . ; ; . f|r^ O EMPORinM. _'; ,^
9 BEYOND COMPETITION. v
I ■•:••/'■ San Francisco, July 23, 1896.
I IN CONNECTION WITH
I THE JULY CLEARING SALE
I SendMourV&dswm-. A RIBBON SALE,
I mer Special Price List, just - ...
J, oiit.: If s free for the ask- SILK SALE
I ZH FURNITURE .CHANCES,
SS- Mail Orders: SALE OF BICYCLE
Address MM Orders:. SALE OF- BICYCLE
The : .EMPORIUM Mail
f. %£*£***""' s*"5 *" CLOTHING FOR MEN.
READYFOR $20,000
1 CYC I I^T^ Worth of
I - SILKS
bl Ready to-day with the BICYCLE rk - l rriii en r it <
I CLOTHES for men, promised in (JIM OrLtIAL oALL A I ;f
Si our yesterday's : announcements. . - Tur runADiiiii
0 Ready to suitably dress several hun- IHL LIVIrUKIUIYI,
if dred wheelmen for the parade Satur- -
M day — ready to '■ save you . con-
1 SKR ™ n uto^ n ic T *.-«—»««»«—*«
9 rectly dressed for wheeling— ready as at the : annual Trade Sales recently
Q no other store is ready. "- . . held in New York. This is the story
|T ,■; ' • . of the Silks^— Braness Depression—
m Overstocked Manufacturers— Almost
|l MEN'S BICY- /\* r\ any inducement offered to buyers for
9 CLE SUITS, like / V _J cash— These bought by us for less
Q . the picture-serges / / |- \ than usual cost. They are ; yours at
%* miliTarvcutT I H 1 a small ' advance on . our purchase
M standing or rolled £} r I prices. • THE LOWEST SILK • PRICES -
|j collar-gray, black j J — «/ you have known before were some-
-6 v or ; blue. -\ Neatly {_¥] A L J thing like a quarter higher for simi-
W trimmed .- with ~^*C/ Li— '-' . " .
1 black mohair jr-^F^ qualities.
X 4 braid. Emporium - ; 1 u"|" IT .
kl Special Price— |^]7 85c jacquard Taffeta for ...:....48c
19 or blue. J Nea^yl_P7A L^/ thing Monotone Peau higher for simi-
trimmed with LW-^ . s
black mohair r - -yrr W qualities.
braid. Emporium (■" I "*'
Special Price — |Cil7 85c Jacquard Taffeta for :....48c
$1.25 Monotone Peau de Soie f0r... 69c
S r {h/^.QO. ' r /~~^ Si. 25 Fancy Figured Taffeta for 75c
CjjQ \\\l f M $'' 5 ° War & Printed [Silks or ....'.7Bc"
yjj/i? $ 175l ' 75 War * PrinUd Taffeta for 89c
****** $1.25 "Brocaded Gros-Grain for. 75c
— — t t- .< Si. 35 Brocaded Gros-Grain for 85c
ffl Emporium Special Price— . * — : :
I <ifi- 5^- A BIG RIBBON PURCHASE
X M>V-^- BY THE EMPORIUM—
I Extra Heaw~^HiTE duck H,OOO Yards^-A^fanu-
! bicycle suits. Emporium facturer's Entire Output
bicycle suits. Emporium facturer's Entire Output
g special Price- — Choicest Productions
ffl ' ■ . ... '.' Elegant Dresden, Ombre and
\ : ViVwn^i"^ii7CATCDc' • Gauze Effects-^-Rne Taffetas
xi ALL-WOOL SWEATERS, in c - . r«««,««#.flc rh'.c M/% M
U whiteland. fast colors-black, ma- —Sale Commences This Morn-
Ji roon ,' navy blue and tan—worth $2. ing at 8 o clock.
%. Emporium Special Price— < Elegant Dresden, Ombre and
aii xat^-m ~l7x;caxcdc Gauze Effects — Fine Taffetas
ALL-WOOL SWEATERS, in c , r»«-.««/- M Tii:tiin I . n
white and fast colors-black, ma- —Sale Commences This Morn-
roon, navy blue and tan — worth $2. ing at 8 o clock.
Emporium Special Price —
m ■ * • 1 .50. . 2700 yards of Four-inch Printed -
fl-- ; Warp, All-Silk Ribbons, in "
M - ____ Dresden designs, ■ together
I Extra fine ALL-WOOL WORS- g 1 * * P^, of feS'
ffl ,TED SWEATERS-guaranteedper- e yar jßi s collect^
H. . spiration proof-a superior S3 quality wort h-from 35c to 50C the
» —colors white, navy blue, maroon -"vardT"- All it the EM- |K r
Si and black. Emporium Special Price— p O RIUM price of . a yard !^
« •-■"■.: SO #%: *^ # 4200 yards of Five-inch and .'.
§ ■' >^^-___ Six-inch . Heaw All-Silk
d • • : — _ Dresden Taffeta Ribbon and
Si '.-. . ■'■w*rr A Paris Brocades, marvels - of -•
«l • . > i . ■ /^S^ excellence in j color and de-
f Best All-wool JSBsm, sign; th^ kind which A** •
r\ 9VVF ATFR9 mf'TfTi^^mk captivated your purse at 05 c
9 with turtle neck r :' PI '•Ms and 75c the yard hitherto. •
A -full line of col- 11111 •A at the EMPORIUJVJ24C-
fI ors-wprth S3 50. ! > ftW III i , price of ' a yard r^
I] : Emporium Special I j, g| ji!/ 3,50 yards of Seven-inch Nov-
f , Price— - ,U I |l| |j Id Im: .. Ribbon-Floral patterns •
if ' '•■•'^■' ' c= \\t ' 'II 1 W'"' : on taffeta with satin ; edge—
C 'jtOJ. w' ; luf'l mm rich colorings; 85c and Si- .
*» '%33'Jm^ l! I! [ i I flJ ' Ribbons at the marvelously.O r ,
I ■ . --•■■ ■ : llMi!P€if: : low price 0f.... ayard* o1 '
p ife:*fM j , see: window display.
I FURNITURE FOR CASH.
(| ' FURNITURE at one small profit above cost of making it No. ;
M allowances made.in the EMPORIUM Prices for waiting a long time for
SI c the money. , No allowances made for the 10 per cent and 15 per cent dis-
W count for cash, as credit furniture men do — simply a STRAIGHT CASH
* PRICE, the smallest possible— the smallest you ; ever knew of. ' Prices
\B like these: v
I Box Couches, $9. Bed Lounges, $5.50 Up.
fe* . Like picture. Made of cedar, coy- Very good, comfortable Bed
ffl. , ered with good, stout Tapesteries ; Lounges for. $5 50. Probably . you -
m moth proof. Convenient for storing ; wouldn't buy similar ones under $10
M ; away party dresses, millinery, etc. :i on the credit plan;" :
■If.;- THIRD FLOOR—^REAR— FOR THEM.
place that the Merchants' Association
should he attacked by a member of the
carnival committee who is supposed to be
working for the good of the enterprise and
tne association in all of its departments. '
"It is no doubt the spite work of some
one who could not use the Merchants'
Association to further his own ends. So
far as any members ol our association re
signing is concerned, I am assured there
will not be three names handed in to be
acted on for resignation. The tempest in
a teapot in all the result of some one's per
sonal spite."
The carnival benefit at the Columbia
Theater yesterday added $300 25 from the
sale of seats at the theater. The various
members of the executive committee have
tictcets which they agreed to dispose of,
and which have yet to be heard from, and
will further swell the returns. The com
mittee are very well satisfied with the re
sult for a midweek afternoon benefit.
Manager Walter of the Orpueura noti
fied the carnival committee yesterday that
he was ready to place the Orpheum at the
disposal ot the committee for any after
noon that they might select for the per*
formance and turn the gross receipts over
to them.
The St. Andrew's Society, which will
celebrate the birth of Sir Walter Scott at
Scottish Hall on Friday night, have ex
tended an invitation to the carnival com
mittee to be present. In oraer to boom
the carnival they have issued their tickets
in blue, gold and cardinal, the carnival
colors. The action of the St. Andrew's
Society has called forth many hearty com
mendations from the executive committee.
Further returns are being made daiiy as
to the feeline in regard to the carnival by
the various canvassers. They state that
with but very few exceptions they find
merchants and others willing to subscribe
and subscribe liberally. About the only
objection urged against it is the date,
which precedes the election about four
weeks. Some have advocated its postpone
ment until after the election, when, they
think, a much larger crowd couid be at
tracted to San Francisco. One objection,
however, to any postponement of thecar
nival to later in the year woula be that it
is in the midst of the rainy season, of
which November holds tbe record for the
heaviest rainfall.
Collins la Insolvent
Samuel H. Collins has filed a petition in in
solvency. He owes $1286 and has no assets.
His homestead, valued at $5500, is mortgaged
for $4000.
56
CHARLES M. SHORT ;^
Editor and Proprietor. '.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Post*r« Free :
Paßy and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 1 1.... 6.00
I Sally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
' Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. ' .65
- Sunday Call, one year, by mall . ......... 1.60
Wkult Call, one year, by mull .»......••• 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
M. It la no trouble lor us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
mIM It. Order* given to the carrier or -left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.'
NO JEXTBA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE: •
710 Market Street, '.':' i:
San Francisco, California. .
Telephone. ....4 : Main— lB6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone .................. Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES: 1
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
SOT Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 l.Brkin street: open until 9:80 o'clock. > -
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. ' ■ »
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway. '
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 3* Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent. ,
THURSDAY ....JULY 23. 1896
TH£ CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Obio
FOB VICF-PRKSIDEXT-
GARREI A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
6ewall has found the campaign redhot
at the start.
Daggett's bossing has not improved the
popular aspect of his party.
The time for registration is passing rap
idly and you must hurry or you will be
left.
Tho only sound from the Democratic
camp is the braying of the donkey. The
roos'er has quit crowing.
If the Populists join with the Democrats
it will give the country a chance to kill two
bad birds with one stone.
Free silver with economic protection
means business prosperity, but free silver
with free trade means ruin.
Money may be the talk on the stump,
but tbe need of work andtwages is the
talk iv the homes of the people.
The bolting up to date shows about six
teen who bolt into thfc Republican party
for every one who bolts out of it.
The announcement that Hoke Smith
will support Bryan is another reason whj
Republicans are smiling and satisfied.
The party leaders are talking of starting
the campaign jast as if it were not already
started and moving like an avalanche.
We are not informed of any business
men in any part of the country who are
joining the Democratic party tnis year.
Sewall of Bath will not be satisfactory
to the average Democrat. He may stand
the Sewall but he will kick at the Bath.
It seems to be the opinion of the boy
orator that if he dors not keep movine
and shouting the people will forget him.
Before long the wise old leaders of the
Democratic party will have to warn Bryan
that small boys should be seen and not
heard.
The Republican National Committee has
planned a campaign of oratory that will
make Bryan's rhetoric flicker like a tallow
candle.
While Bryan plies his silver tongue and
runs from town to town, Grover stays at
Buzzards Bay and sticks to golden
silence.
As soon as Altgeld and Tillman take
the stump we shall know what Democracy
proposed to do, if it has an opportunity to
do anything.
Mr. Joseph P. Kelly had better be con
tent with the vindication he has received
from Daggeti, Lanigan and Rainey and go
hide himself.
Intelligent worfcingmen are asking one
another what would be the profit to them
of free silver if they had no work by
which to earn any of it.
As Joseph P. Kelly is running for vindi
cation rather than for Congress the cam
paign for him will partake largely of the
nature of a personal picnic.
Marion de Vries, whom the Democrats
propose to sacrifice in the Second District,
is a nice yonng man and will make a
lovely political corpse. Next.
The Republican party is not only the
party of the present, but the party of the
future. It is the party for young men to
join, and the young men know it.
So many Southern business men are
coming out for McKinley that it would
hardly be a surprise if the whole Solid
South turned Republican this year.
McKinley will be supported on the
stump by Harrison, Reed, Allison, Fora
ker and many another orator of eloquence,
but who will help Bryan vrhen his tongue
fatigues itself?
The Democrats of the Fifth District who
have been invited to wash Kelly's dirty
linen in public have a justifiable privilege
to kick, and they obght to deliver it on
the right place.
The heavy export of gold which has fol
lowed Bryan's nomination is an evidence
of the tremendous p*anic and financial
stringency which would be sure to result
from his election.
Boies, Bland, Campbell, Matthews and
some other favorite sons among the Demo
crats have declared they will vote for
Bryan, but up to date they have not
joined the whoop-up nor made any
speeches for him.
Every intelligent biruetallist recognizes
the fact that the free coinage of silver by
the United States alone would postpone
the success of international bimetallism
for a generation to come and deprive us
of «old for the whole of that period.
WHY PROTECTION?
The purpose of industrial protection is
threefold : "To give variety to production,
a home market and high wages to labor."
It was demonstrated under protection in
this country that the wages of labor
ranged from two to four times greater
than in any of the free-trade countries of
Europe, and, as a consequence, American
labor enjoyed more of the comforts of life;
more labor was housed under its own roof,
and the cbiidren oi labor had more social
and educational advantages than the chil
dren of any other labor in the world.
Moreover, because of the advantaees
which protection bestows upon Jabor,
more labor became identified with the
legislative and executive departments of
the several communities and common
wealths of the Nation than in all the other
countries together. Under protection
American labor bought more books and
magazines and sustained more libraries
than the labor of any three countries of
Europe. Under protection American
labor invented more mechanical devices
for cheapening production than the labor
of Europe in all the apes. Under protec
tion American labor was in better circum
stances in every way that is conducive to
health, happiness and the development of
true manhood than the labor of Europe
ever was in its history.
Until the country had protection there
were no home markets of consequence.
Our chief production was from farms and
forests, and Europe fixed the price. After
protection was established fully 97 per
cent of the country's products found a
market next door, so to speak. Prior to
the adoption of the policy of protection
people had but a vague idea of the re
sources of the country, but -when they
were encouraged to go ahead in the direc
tion of converting raw material into
finished product a surprisingly wide range
of quality and quantity of materials for
mill, factory and shop to work up into
merchantable articles were discovered.
Under protection the wealth of the country
increased at the rate of $1,500,000,000 a
year. Shall the country return to protec
tion, or shall it continue as it is and has
been under the Wilson-Gorman free-trade
law? ...
WORDS OF WARNING.
In an open letter addressed to many
leading Democrats of the country who are
his personal friends, the venerable An
drew D. "White, whose long experience in
the higher departments of politics, whose
learning and whose integrity give weight
to his words, has solemnly urged them to
allow co party considerations to induce
them to give even a tacit consent to the
Chicago ticket or the Chicago platform.
In what was done at Chicago, and in
what was th?re uroposed to be done in
case of success at the polls, Mr. White
sees abundant evidences of a dangerous
threat of revolution, not only in our poli
tics and our industries, but in our whole
social organization. "It is-a platform," he
declares, "leading logically and histor
ically to a despotism." He points out the
tendencies of the policy enunciated and
justly argues that if all conservative men,
Democrats as well as Republicans, do not
combine to check at once the procross of
the demagogues and agitators those men
will rapidly force forward a conflict be
tween labor and capital and excite in our
country the worst passions that inflame
the mobs of Europe.
Mr. White is not among those who be
lieve the ticket is belter than the platform
and fondly trust that Bryan will not be
ruled by Altgeld or Tillman. On this
point be says:
For the first time in the history of the
United States we have au anarchist and social
ist platform, and for the first time, alao, a can
didate who has never given the slightest evi
dence of statesmanship. The only qualification
of this candidate — "The Boy Orator"— is that
during his briet career in Congress he made
one or two speeches which amused the House
and pleased its galleries, and that during tbe
recent convention he took the fancy of the
mob by a single exhibition of flaring rhetoric.
Nothing: beyond his speeches is needed to
show that both in temper and intellect he is
utterly unfit to deal witn the great questions
which now confront the countty, or, indeed,
with any large questions whatever.
With such a platform and such candi
dates the success of the Democratic party
in this election would be sure to result in
confusion, ruin, distress and dishonor.
No intelligent man who paid the slightest
heed to what was said and done at
Chicago, or who considers the class of
men that dominated the proceedings
there, can have any doubt that such would
be the result. Under these circumstances,
as Mr. White says, the one duty of all
true Democrats is "Frankly, boldly, un
"qualifiedly to break loose from this wild
mob masquerading in the Democratic
garb and like tha great war Democrats
during our civil struggle to cast your lot
fully for the time at least with the party
which you have heretolore opposed."
This appeal will not fail to find a re
sponse from many a patriotic Democrat.
Already men of business and character
are turning their backs upon the Chicago
platform and ticket and are declaring
unequivocably for McKinley. They may
not like his tariff policy, but they know
that on his side are law, order and pros
perity and they will vote for these and
let the Bryans, Alteelds and Tilmans
howl In vain.
SEWALL'S LEVEL HEAD.
Arthur Sewall, president of . the Ameri
can Merchant Marine Association and
Democratic candidate for Vice-President
of the United States, heartily indorses the
Republican party's proposition ' to • restore
our merchant marine .• by adopting - the
policy of discriminating duties. Mr. Sew-'
all is a ship-builder and a ship-owner and
knows bow necessary • the Republican
party •is to his business interests, but as a
politician , with a burning desire to hold
office, Mr. Sewall is ready to let hie ship
yard and ships take some chances.' But,
then, no doubt he feels that there is not
the ghost of a chance of his . election, and
hence there is no danger that his shipping
interests will not be amply. protected.
. Mr. Sewall says, in his capacity as presi
dent of the American ; Merchant \ Marine
Association, that under Democratic rule
the ' percentage of , our commerce carried
in home-made and home-owned ships has
fallen ; from 90 per cent to less than 12 per
cent; that of the 5,000,000 tons of ships
carrying our ocean '<■ commerce, less than
750,000 tons of it is American owned; that
we • pay $250,000,000 . annually to ■ foreign
ships that •? should be paid to American
'ships;; that if the Republican policy is
indorsed by the people $400,000,000 would
be ; spent in '; building V American ships in
American" ; shipyards, ana that with the
Republican merchant marine policy in full
operation we ■ should distribute annually
over $300,000,000 to American ships which
we now • pay : foreigners . for : carrying our
freight, our mails aria our people.
. The convention ; which nominated Mr.
Sewall was too busy with sectionalism to '
give I any thought >to an American mer
chant marine.;: 5 California is deeply inter
ested in - this matter, and ;no - doubt the
State would go < Republican on that issue
alone, but anyway, a thoroughly^estab
lished merchant ' marine under Govern
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
ment protection on the Pacific Ocean
would add enormously to the volume of
our commerce; besides, it would insure
the establishing of a number of shipyard*,
which in turn would give constant em
ployment to thousands of men. Such a
merchant marine as is provided for in the
policy of the Republican party would
swell the trade and commerce of Ban
Francisco by millions of dollars every year.
It is good of Mr. Sewall to recommend the
Republican party to the people of Califor
nia if they want to transact their business
on business principles, but being a ship
builder and ship-owner himself he knows
by experience bow disastrous it is to fool
with the Democracy when business is to
be attended to.
TRUE AND FALSE BIMETALLISM.
That Mr. Bryan is aiming at silver mo
nometallism and not at bimetallism there
is no doubt whatever. When the bill was
pending in Congress to repeal the silver
bullion purchase act quite a number of
amendments were offered with the view
of opening the mints to free-silver coin
age. Mr. Bland was the leader of the sil
ver forces, and he undertook to secure a
compromise by increasing the ratio. Ac
cordingly be demanded a vote on ratios of
17 to 1, 18 to 1, 19 to 1 and 20 to 1. He and
most of bis confreres were wiliing to in
crease the ratio to somewhere near the
difference in the market price of the
metals, but the "Congressional Record"
•hows that Bryan voted against every
proposition increasing the ratio above 16
to L He held, as he now holds, that it is
the fiat of the Government and not the
commercial value of silver that should be
relied upon to give 60 cents' worth of sil
ver the character and redemption power
of 100 cents. He was consistent, there
fore, in opposing a higher latio than 16
to 1.
But why did he then or why should he
now insist upon 16 to 1? Why not the
first ratio of 15 to 1? or why any ratio at
all? Certainly it would be just as easy
and just as consistent to declare the metals
of equal commercial and coinage value aa
to bridee over the difference between any
fixed and the natural ratio by the fiat of
the Government. Mr. Bryan has been
asked very many times why he insists
upon a ratio of 16 to 1 and will accept no
other ratio when he himself admits that
that ratio represents only about one half
of t:ie actual difference, but his only an
swer has always been "because that was
the ratio when silver was demonetized."
The absurd and illogical position of the
man becomes very pronounced in the light
of history whioh records a silver dollar as
being worth IG3 cents as bullion when the
"crime of 1873 was committed. More
over, history records the fact that only
about 8,000,000 of silver dollar pieces had
been coined between the founding of the
Government and 1873, while, since 1873,
including the treasury notes issued under
the silver purcli&se act of 1890, over 600,000,
-000 silver dollars have been coined and
which are now 4n circulation in fact or
by silver certificates.
Although a silver dollar carries as much
purchasing power as a gold dollar, its bul
lion value is only about 53 cents. The Gov
ernment is coining new silver dollars at
the rate of 3,000,000 a month, but instead
of coining them for owners of silver bul
lion it coins them on its own account.
Tliese silver dollars possess a purchasing
power equal to nearly double their bullion
value because they are exchangeable for
gold, which makes them the equivalent of
gold. Nevertheless they are not full dol
lars, except as the gold behind them makes
them so. Now what ia desired is that
these silver dollars shall enter the chan
nels of the world's commerce upon their
own responsibility and at the same time
the equal of gold in every function of
money. That is to say. it is desirable that
the commercial nations with whose com
merce our commerce is laced and inter
laced agree with us that the silver dollar
shall be accepted in lieu of a gold dollar
and a gold dollar in lieu of a sjlver dollar
in every and in all trade interchanges. To
secure this most desirable recognition of
our silver dollars as dollars of equal trade
balance and debt-paying power with our
gold dollars, it is the purpose of the Repub
lican party to assemble the nations with
whom we make annual trade interchanges
aggregating about $2,000,000,000 and agree
upon a basis that shall give our silver dol
lars equal standing with our gold dollars
in every market in the world in which we
buy and sell. Such a consummation would
be the adoption of a bimetallic monetary
system. That is what the Republican
party calls bimetallism, and that is what it
declares for when it declares for bimetall
ism. Nothing more nor less.
Mr. Bryan admits that there is a com
mercial difference between gold and silver,
and he admits that the coirmercial na
tions are unwilling to recognize our silver
dollars as being the equal in value of our
cold dollars and that they exact gold dol
lars of us in all business transactions with
them. He admits, too, that here at home
the purchasing power of a silver dollar is
the equal in every particular to the pur
chasing power of a gold dollar. But he
denies the right of the nations with whom
we do business to give their consent or
disapprobation when it comes to deter
mining what the basis of trade interchange
shall be between them and us. His plan
is to first destroy, or rather remove that
which is behind the silver dollar and
which makes its purchasing power the
equal of the gold dollar, and then by
proclamation decree that there sha!l be no
difference in the market price between
412>a grains of standard silver, whether it
be coined or uncoined, and that the com
mercial nations must govern themselves
accordingly. Have we jurisdiction over
the nations of the earth that we may leg
islate for them without consulting them ?
Bryan would move forward on the suppo
sition that we bare.
GOOD WOULD COME OF IT.
Prince Bismarck appears to be confident
that a conflict between Great Britain and
Russia and France is imminent, and that
it: will go hard with England. The old
diplomat gathers his conclusions from the
anxiety of Russia to be the dominating in
fluence in India and the purpose of France
to have- more to : say concerning the inter
nal affairs of Egypt. At present England
exercises almost the ' authority of owner
ship over Indi<T and Egypt and derives an
enormous revenue from her trade relations
with those countries. With . England the
acquisition of foreign lands is for the one'
purpose of commercial supremacy that
more trade and traffic highways may be
obliged to make the commercial and man
ufacturing center of the little island their
objective point. England never permits hu
man lives, right or justice t» interrupt her
commerce, and hence Russia and ; France
will have to take India and Egypt by con
quest if they take them at all. •: ,
: It is of little consequence to us in this
country whether ,or not Great Britain is
prepared '; for such '* a conflict, nor is it a
matter of much concern to us whether it
id England or Russia or France that tem
porarily dominates in Asia and Africa, for
in any event the Orient will ultimately be
a factor in manufacture : and commerce of
sufficient > power ' to i make It ■ unwise for
Other countries to try to appropriate any
part of it to themselves by arbitrary meas
ures. A conflict between England and
Russia and France for a better hold upon
India and Egypt at the expense of Great
Britain would be sure to end in greater
commercial freedom for Asia and Africa
and a very much wider division of the
trade of thosa countries, and in that the
United States would be greatly benefited.
But perhaps the greatest advantage that
would accrue to this country by the com
mercial independence of India »nd Egypt
would be la their demand for a bimetal
lic international monetary system. They
would come into a convention as advo
cates of bimetallism, and being free to di
vert their commerce away from France
and England they would, as a business
proposition, insist that both silver and
gold be used for redemption money as a
condition of formulating commercial
treaties. They would then become allies
of the United States, and no doubt we
should be greatly the gainer for it. This
is upon the supposition that if Russia and
France undertake to drive England out of
India and Egypt, or to materially weaken
her influence, those countries would take
advantage of the situation and emerge
lrom it stronger than ever to assert their
commercial independence, and no doubt
that would follow, for the peopU of those
countries have been in too close touch
with the commercial nations of Europe
and the United States in recent years not
to know wnat the value of trade indepen
dence would be to them, especially if they
could oblige Europe to change its mone
tary system to one which would make
gold and silver interchangeable as re
demption money, and that is exactly what
they could and would do with this coun
try as the leader in the movement. A
conflict, therefore, between Great Britain
and Russia and France for territorial pos
sessions in India and Egypt would not be
looked upon as a calamity by this coun
try, for it would make international bi
metallism doubly sure and give this coun
try a very solid footing in Asia and in the
Soudan country.
PERSONAL.
F. E. Baker of Woodland is at the Lick. '
Dr. F. J. Bethel of Bakersfield is at the
Baldwin.
Dan McFarland of Los Angeles is staying at
the Palace.
C. D. Dunham of San Jose is at the Grand
with his sister.
K. Jacob, the Visalia banker, baa a room at
the Occidental.
W. E. Wage, a Modesto merchant, is a recent
arrival at the Lick.
Judge John Caldwell and daughters of Ne
vada are at the Lick.
J. Durkin, a farmer of Sonera, is registered
at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. F. W. Hatch of the Agnews Insane Asylum
is a guest at the Lick.
Frank L. Coombs of Napa, ex-Minis ter£to
Japan, is at the Grand.
F. A. Gould, a lnmterman at Red Bluff , Is
registered at the Grand.
8. J. Sachs, a merchant of New York City, Is
a late arrival at the Baldwin.
J. L. Giilis, a lawyer of Sacramento, is among
the latest arrivals at the Grand.
F. A. Boole, a merchant of Red Bluff, is one
of the late arrivals at the Grand.
Judge Francis E. Spencer of San Jose- Is
among those registered at the Lick.
John Burnett, son of the late ex-Governor
Burnett, left for Victoria yesterday.
Captain c larke of Ins ill-fated steamship
Colombia is staying at the Occidental
A. C. Bilicke, manager of the Hotel Hollen
beck at Los Angelts, arrived at the Palace last
night.
Lyndall Miller, who is interested in a car
riage factory at Stockton, is registered at the
Grand.
A. L. McCandlesn, a merchant of Salinas, is
at the Grand during a short visit here on
business.
B. H. Upham. proprietor of the Gloriana
vineyard, near Martinez, is making a brief
visit at the Lick.
H. K. Whltton, colonel of the Fifth Regi
ment, N. G. C, and an attorney at San Jose, is
one of the Lick guests.
H. C. Wyatt of the Los Angeles Theater is
at the Baldwin with his wife on a little visit
for pleasure and business.
Alonzo Bailey, a banker and merchant of
Globe, Ariz., where he has lived for the last
twenty years, is at the Lick.
Charles M. Hatcher, one of the best known
real estate agents of the State, with office* in
San Jose, is in the City on business.
Tom McKsy, passenger agent at Yokohama
for several American railroads, will return to
Japan next Thursday on the China.
Mrs. G. G. Brlggs, owner of the Briggs ranch
at Downievllle and owner of large ranches
near Fresno and Woodland, is visiting at the
Lick.
J. R. Burns, who is manager of a mining
machinery works at Stockton recently founded
on the old Shippee business, is a late arrival at
the Grand.
J. F. Clapp, a Chicago capitalist, who Is in
terested in California mines, returned to the
Graid yesterday from a little prospecting trip
into the interior.
R» P. Troy of Marin County, formerly secre
tary of the Democratic State Central Commit
tee and assistant doorkeeper oi the United
States Senate, is registered at the Grand.
Ralph E. Hoyt, a Los Angeles journalist and
single-tax advocate, recently returned from
Maryland, where he studied and reported the
single-tax campaign, arrived at the Baldwin
yasterday from the South.
Among yesterday's arrivals on the Santa
Rosa was Miss Beatrice Harraden, the well
known authoress of "Ships That Pass in the
Night," and other works. She has been visit
ing with friends near San Diego and has
come here in poor health.
John U. Dickey, a dry-goods merchant of
Frederlckton, Ohio, arrived at the Russ yester
day with his wife and father-in-law, W. J.
Haines, whose step-son is proprietor of the
Walker Hotel at Sonora, whither the party is
soon going on a 'visit to Mr. Walker.
H. W. Warren of Denver, Bishop of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, arrived at the
Palace yesterday from Santa Cruz, where he
has been spending the summer with his wife
and three sisters-in-law, the Mis>es lliff , of
Denver, all of whom accompanied him to this
City.
General Wade Hampton, United States Com
missioner of Railroads »nd' bis secretary,
Charles E. Thomns, both of Washington, D. C,
arrived at the Palace yesterday forenoon in
company with Dr. B. W. Taylor of Columbia,
a C, and Captain R. Lowndes of Charleston,
S. C. The general is on his regular tour of in
spection.
J. M. Dickinson, one of the United States
assistant attorney-generals, now on a pleasure
trip through the West, arrived at the Palace
yesterday with his wife and registered from
Tennessee, his home previous to his appoint
ment a year ago to the position he now holds
and which keeps him in Washington a good
deal of the time.
D. U. Betts, the Indian agency teacher re
cently arrived from Wadswortb. Nev., regis
tered at the Grand last night with his wife,
who, in company with her sister, Miss
Gutchus, came here the other day from Wads
worth, partly for the wedding and partly as an
interested member of the convention of Indian
schoolteachers soon to be held in this City.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., JuJy 22.— At the Weit
mintter—Q. B. Cramer; Belvedere— A. H.
Crocker, J. Crocker; Bt. Cloud— E. R. Manzy.
ONE OF THE ABLEST.
.;.:•■■ ;- :>los Angeles Searchlight.
The San Francisco ; call is one of ; the ablest
and newsiest papers west of the Rockies. :! It is
an uncompromising advocate i Ol -equal lights
and equal ; opportunity for ; aIL -It Is a stanch
friend of taa'Afxo-Aaerican^sgHfiaaaiiKHl
MUSICS&
MUSICIANS
Stockhausen, the celebrated protessor of
singing, has produced recently at his school
at Frankfort-on-the-Main a work of J. S. Bach
which has hitherto been unknown. It is a
cantata Jor solos and choruses entitled "Caflea
Cantata," ana is none other than a skit upon
the then recently introduced cafes. Toward
the end of the seventeenth century the Dutch
fashion of drinking several times a day at the
cafe had spread among the Germans, and the
clergy, the doctors and the moralists struggled
in vain against this habit, at that time rather
expensive. The women were just as much
taken with the cafe as the men and had no in
tention of abandoning it. The cantata of the
future composer of "The Passion" is overflow
ing with grace and good humor; sometimes,
indeed, he relapses Into his ordinary style, and
then he produces little chefs-d'oeuvre of coun
terpoint The setting of the cantata is very
simple. A young girl defends, with conviction
and grace, against two grim moralists, the
right of women to gorge themselves with as
many cups of coffee as their hearts desire.
Unnecessary to add, tne little woman gains
her cause, and that her right to coffee ad
libitum is gloriously inscribed in her marriage
contract. All of which goes to show that
woman's rights are older than is generally
supposed. The action of t be cantata is nat
urally almost nothing, but it makes, all the
same, a pretty little scene, and the costumes,
ala regence, produce a charming effect. "La
Caflea Cantata" can be recommended to those
who love good music and are not afraid of
numerous rehearsals, for the choruses of
Father Bach are never easy, even when he is
only joking.
As Siegfried Wagner advances in the mu
sical career wnich he has undertaken — a little
underpressure — so the radical difference which
exists between his character, his sentiments,
his manner and those of his immortal father,
becomes more evident. One knows that Rich
i ard Wagner had a weakness for speaking in
public; very expansive, he never missed an
occasion for airing his sentiments, sometimes
rather mal apropos. Siegfried is entirely the
opposite, as the following anecdote will show:
He went to Vienna to direct a grand concert in
behalf of the Nicolai Society, which bronght in
75,000 francs and much credit to the young
conductor. After the concert was over the
performers assembled and a speech was made
congratulating Siegfried on the result. When
it was over every one waited for the reply, but
the young man only blushed and remained
vlithout a word. Then Hans Richter touched
him on the shoulder and said: "Friederl,
there's nothing else for it this time; you must
speak." Then Siegfried opened his mouth and
babbled a few words slowly and in a low voice.
At the Theater Royal, Wiesbaden, the god
Loge, invoked by Wotan to produce the famous
enchantment fire in the Valkyrie, was on a
recent occasion very imprudent. He accident
ally set fire to Wotan's mantle. Happily, a
brave fireman was present, who, seeing Wotan
in danger, rushed toward him, tore the mantle
from him and rushed with It behind the
scenes, where the fire was quickly put out.
Wotan finished his celebrated speech without
bis mantle, bat he did not receive nearly so
much applause as the courageous fireman, to
whom the audience gave several ovations,
calling him many times before the curtain
after the cud of the act.
According to the Berlin correspondent of the
London Standard Rubinstein has left volum.
inous memoirs, containing opinions on musi
cal subjects and souvenirs of important events
in his existence. The work also contains
aphorisms and anecdotes of celebrities. One
of the friends of Rubinstein is said to have re
ceived from the master the mission of revising
the manuscript and eliminating before its
publication anything which could prove offen
sive to persons btill living or to their families.
The French papers, speaking of the failure
of MM. Abbey aad Grau, say: "The creditors
of MM. Abbey, Grau and Schoeffel, of whom
we have already announced the discomforture,
have much confidence in the capaoity and
loyalty of these gentlemen. According to an
arrangement which has just been concluded,
MM. Grau and Abbey will retake the theater
of the Metropolitan Opera-house at New York
for the next season as if nothing had hap
pened. This is a way they have in America."
M. Luigi Arditi, who for twenty-five years
was chief of the orchestra at her Majesty's
Theater, London, author of the famous Bacio
which Mme. Patti has made famous by sing-
Ing throughout the world, is preparing to cel
ebrate the sixtieth anniversary of the day
when, quite a little child, he made his debut
as a 'cellist, at Milan. It is stated that he is
going to publish shortly a volume of artistic
memories.
La Gazzetta Musical e de Mllajio is gTieved to
see, in Italy, the Government and Parliament
Boanti-artistique. "The Commissioners oi the
bud?et," it says, "have decided not to approve
of the item in the budget in favor of the
communal school of Naples, the school of reci
tation in Florence and the school of declama
tion of St. Cecile at Rome. All that is artistic,
all that iB Intellectual has always found an
adversary in the legislature in Italy. Why
not suppress the Budget of Public Instruction?
Wheu one does too much on one side, it fol
lows that one is reduced to do too little on the
ot^er."
It appears that M. Maicagni has undertaken
the composition of a new opera, the subject of
which will be both Japanese and fantastic.
The libretto is by M. Luigi lliica, the work in
two acts and a prologue, and has for title,
"La Giapponese," and will most likely be pro
duced at the Scala, Milan, during next Lent.
M. Mascagni is also preparing for publication
a volume of verses like M. Saint-Saens.
•Naples, the birthplace of Cimarosa and of
Paisello, Naples, which has (given birth >to so
many chefs-d'eeuvre of 1 the lyric stage, is to-day
wallowing in the uhaaaou orgy. "la all the
theaters of Naples," writes the Trovator, "with
the exception of the Fondo, wnere they are
playing comedy, everything is caies-chantants.
The Kuovo, the Rossi, the Parthenope, are
temples for the canzonet te, which also reigns
at the Varietes, at the Eldorado, at the Cosmo
politan, at the Eden, at the Scotto, at the
Maiella, at the Vigilante, and so on." Let us go
to Italy then to hear music.
The late Minister Crispi had prolonged by
decree the author's rights in the "Barber of
Seville," as regards Italy, in order that the
Conservatoire of Pesaro, to which the rights
belonged, should continue to profit br them.
This decree has now been attacked as illegal,
and it appears the Barber will fall into the
hands of the public, even iv Italy.
Mme. Gemma Bellincioni, the famous Ital
ian singer, proposes, it is said, to buy some
ground in the cemetery at Montenero, to build
a chapel which will serve her for a grave,
sooner or later, preferably the latter. In this
chapel she intends to erect a statue personify
ing the lyric art.
Frau Cosima Wagner has appointed, besides
her son Siegfried, Felix Mottl and Hans Rieh
ter as conductors at the performance of Wag
ner's music at Bayreuth. They are men of
world-wide fame. It is said that every seat
has been sold, and they have been bought by
visitors from all parts of Europe and America.
A new opera has just been produced, in one
act, music by M. Henry Waller, by order of
William 11, at the Royal Opera-house, Berlin,
entitled "Fra Francesco." The success was
nil, the disappointment enormous!
THE REAPERS.
The long day's toil was over,
A bird sang In a tree;
The sunshine kissed the clover
(Jood-by. and— she kUsed me.
Then lovelier seemed the sunshine
And sweeter sang the bird,
And If the clover listened
My throbbing heart it heard.
For all day long a- reaping
In fields of silver shine,
I felt her heart a-creeplng
And cuddling close to mine.
And llcbter seemed the labor,
And winsomer the wheat
That spread its golden tresses
For the falling of her feet.
And when the toil was over
a bird sang In a tree;
The sunshine kissed tne clover
Good -by, and— she kissed me!
—Atlanta Constitution.
A GIRL'S FROCK.
A smart frock for little girls is of dark green
and black boucie cloth, with a bodice of
Campbell tartan silk, over which the boucie
material forms a cut-out waist effect The
back, like the front, is in blouse effect with a
lining to which the skirt is seamed. Two tucks
at the elbow are in accordance with the latest
style. Gilt buttons hold the cloth In place on
the waist, which buttons in the back. A mix
ture snowing many bright colors silently
veiled in black boucie threads Is very jaunty
with a silk blouse of bright plaid.
A bine plain crepou with blouse of the same
and velveteen in gay colors and a fancy desigu
for the cut-out over bodice isextremely stylish
Plain brown cashmere, witft the same ma
terial in bright plaid for the waist is service
able and pretty.
AFRO-AMERICANS WILL NOT SUP
PORT BRYAN.
liOB Angeles Searchlight.
: The Afro-American of the West cannot con
•cientiously support Bryan and his wing of the
Democratic party, no matter how they feel re
garding ' the money } question. * The worst ele
ment :of , : Mr. ■ Bryan's ; par Is the ; saddle.
Strictly speaking he Is no better than the men
whose creature he Is. i' Bryan cannot be elected
without the votes of the Solid South, and the
South cannot remain solid without suppress
ing : the -American vote '■ of . that section,
This, however, is understood as well by Mr.
Bryan as any one else. •'•:-■;■• ; '. .;■•„,• - y-:-r- f . •• ■ •
The colored men of the West cannot, as self
respecting men, aid any cause that when won
will owe : its triumph, to ; a*, disregard ' of .; the
rights of • our people in. some other sections ot
the country. The leaders of the silverltes in
toe west are tae men who voted with' the
Democrats and defeated the Lodge election
bill which had for its object the protection of
the colored man's right to vote and have it
counted as cast. Major McKinley voted and
worked for that measure.
If Mr Bryan is In favor of a free ballot and a
fair count he would have never accepted the
Democratic nomination. The Afro-Americans
will not support Mr. Bryan.
»We are against the Democratic party be
cause it is against us."
LIKE THE CALL.
San Diego Vidette
When Charles M. Shortridge took control of
the San Francisco Call he said that his paper
would devote itself wholly to journalism and
would not resort to fakes to attract fools. This
we believe should be the aim and object of a
newspaper, and that the people appreciate a
newspaper conducted on those lines is best
evidenced by the success echieved by Tiik
Call. Imitation is the sinceiest flattery, and
we could not pay a greater conpliment to the
San Francisco daily than by candidly confess
ing that it is along the same »ines the VideUe
has been offering itself as a candidate for sup
port. And like The Call we have succeeded
beyond our most sanguine expectations.
GAINING EVERY DAY.
Alameda Argos.
The San Francisco Call has fallen into line
with vigorous Republican argument and ;is
helping the cause by its hearty support of the
ticket. The whole-souled way, we are com
pelled to observe, in which it takes up the
fight, is in unmistakable contrast to the half
heartiness of th« other great Republican daily
of San Francisco. A good fighter, especially
when engaged in a good cause, is to be ad
mired, and The Call Is gaining friends every
day by its sturdy Republicanism.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
The bold, bad caterpillar soon,
All snugly hid from view",
Will murmur to the summer girl:
"I have a drop on you."
_ —Washington Star.
Collector— This account must be settled, Mr,
Shorts. It has been running a long time."
"Well, let it stand a while."— Truth.
"If that ain't just like the woman," said the
corn-fed philosopher.
'•If what ain't?" asked the grocer.
"Why, when we want to show that a man's
independent we say he wears no man's collar;
but woman must go and snow, her independ
ence by puttin' on a man's collar."—lndian
apolis Journal. - _____
After the spanking.— Mother— lt hurts mother
more than it does you, my son.
. Willie— don't you holler, then?— New
York World. v . ' .;
Editor (to aspiring writer} —You should write
so that the most ignorant can understand
what you mean. • • .• ••
Aspirant— Well, what part' of my paragraph
don't you understand.— London Tit-Bits. * •■
Glasses 15c. Sunday. 738 Mrkt. Kast shocstore.*
. — • — *- — «
Cream mixed candies 25c pound in Japanese
baskets. Townsend's, 627 Market St., Palace. * '
■...■' .- _ '.- » . ;-; -■-- ■-..■■;•
. If you want fine service, fine carriages, com*
petent drivers, ring up 1950. J'ac. Carriage Co,*
• — . • — •
Ppkciai. Information daily to manufacture;!
business houses and public men by the Preai |
Clipping Bureau (Allen's;. 510 Montgomery. - ' ;
• — ♦ »
T. M. Murphy of Company E, Sixth Alabama,
who attended the Confederate reunion at Rich
mond, wore the coat that he wore all through
the war. He says that General John B. Gordon
used it as a pillow when he was wounded at
Sharpsburg. ' ' : :
Cheap Kxcursiou to St. rani.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. ft. at
st. Paul, to be held there September 2to 6. The
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 F.M. Kates f67 90 for the
round trip. The above rate is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send your name aad ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, San Francisco, for sleeping-cax reservation*
Are l'ou Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa F*
route— the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its , elevation and absence of
alkali dust. ' ' Particularly ; adapted f 'or ' the trans
portation of families because of its palaca draw-'
lns*room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through, from Oakland to
Chicago, * leaving at a seasonable hour and In
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1631.
A Safe, simple and effective remedy for In
digestion is a dose of Avers Pills. Try the Pills
and make your meals enjoyable.
After a sleepless night use Dr. Slegert's Angos
tura Bitters to tone up your system. All druggists.
."•.: -'..«.!'■ -■.-.■•
. A pretty compliment was paid to the Princess
of Wales by a little child during the Princess*
recent visit to the Marchioness of Salisbury at
Hat field House. { The little girl had been prom
ised that she should see the Princess of ' Wales
soon. The Princess entered the room, and,
after staring at her for awhile, the child turned
to her mother, saying: "Mamma,. I've seen
the young Princess, but where is the Princess
of Wales?" _
tEW TODAY.
TBIG CDT
mi it Jars
rlUll Jdlo
45c PER DOZ. PINTS
55c PER DOZ. QUARTS
75c PER DOZ. HALF GALLONS
SOc PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES
. DEEP ■•
OUT : s»aHLaco3Ei»
Crockery, Chinaware and Glassware.
Come and Get Posted. : -
Great American Importinc Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market •** *4° Ninth •*•
3510 Mission st. 318 Third it.
140 Sixth it.:-;- 3008 Fillmore at.
617 K «* ri| y st. 065 Market at.
1419 Polk at. ;. , . 3006 Sixteenth st.
531 Montgomery are. 104 Second at.
»33 Mayts st r ; 3359 MUalon st. ;i\
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington »t. 6 16 E. Twelfth at. . -
ill San Pablo «ye. 917 Broadway, Oaklas4
1355 Park St., Alameda. :
CHEAP POWER
;•■.;■•--■/ - •■ .;_•; FOK — . .. ■ • '
MINING HOISTS, MILLING, PUMPING
AND ALL OTHER PURPOSES,
FROM 1 TO j 200 HOUSE POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
21 : Actual Horse Power CM nc
2 DISCOUNT FOR CASH. 10 IQv
HERCULES GAS ENQINB : WORKS,
BUILDERS OF : " .
: GAS AND OIL ENGINES, >
Office: ;, >-- ; Works:
405-407 Sansome St. 315-231 Bay St.
'■■'...<■ San Francisco, Cal.'' •.
COGSWELL POLYTECHNIC COLLEGE
;■: The next term of this school will begin
MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896; :
: Pupils desiring admission and not yet enrolled
win apply at the office,' 26th and Folaom sts. from
iA.H. to 18 «. <--■ i •■; ' :■.-■■■: ■■••:■-. -r. ■■ •■'???■■
y J. H. CULVER, Manager.THCRBDAY.". JCLY 23, 1596
, AMUSEMENTS. \
rAT.TTORNTA TH*ATML-"C»rman."
Baldwin- Teuteb — "Bohemia," next Monday
evening,
Columbia Theater— "Moth*,"
Wobobco's ci>.RA-housit— -Irish Inspiration.
Tivoli OncRA-Hors*.-"! Pagliaccl."
Orpkktik— High-Class Vaudeville
Etjtbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
*hoot the Chutes— DaUy at Halght ■treat,
tee block east of the Park. •
AUCTION SALES.
By Shaiswald. Bcckbkk & Co.— This day
(Thursday). Real Estate, at salesroom, . 218-220
Mom { ornery street. . .
. By Geo. F.lmmsox— This day (Thursday^
Fnrnltnre, at O'Farrell street, near Taylor, at 2
o'clock.
By Frank W. Buttkrfikld — This day
(Thursday), Stock and Fixtures of a Dairy Store,
at Polk street, near Sacramento, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Basch— This day (Thursday). Groceries, at
11* Eleventh street, at 11 o'cloclt. . ;
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Board of Education made numerous
changes among the teachers last evening.
The California Fish Commissioners are pre
paring a fine tish exhibit for the Mechanics'
Fair.
The resignation of John W. Butler as execu
tor of ihe will of Natnaniel \V. Cole has been
accepted.
Auditor Broderick called Mayor Sutro a fakir
at the meeting of the Election Commissioners
yesterday.
Ansel Island infantrymen are practicing at
long-rangu targets at ihe Presidio with the
new army models.
Mrs. Nora Cunningham, alias several other
names, is accused oi cruelly neglecting her
two small children.
The First Congregational Society hopes to
reassemble for worship in the church building
within a short time.
The Woman's State Republican Club held an
enthusiastic meeting in Judge Groezinger's
courtroom last night.
Billy Jordan, market inspector, seized 800
watermelons which were wilted ana saved 8000
boys from stomach ache.
Major-General X. T. James has appointed
Colonel J. C. Currier as assistant adjutant
general and chief of staff.
Members of the Union-square Free Baptist
Church held a jubilee lust night over the dis
charge of the church debt.
The annual meeting of the Produce Ex
change was held yesterday, at which the newly
elected officers were installed.
Woman Suffrage lecture work will be in
augurated next week among the colored peo
ple of this City and the interior.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals is endeavoring to stop the sport of
setting fox-terriers upon rabbits.
The second day's meeting of the Pacific
Coast Gas Association terminn ted with a ban
quet last night at the Palace Hotel.
Annie K. Brenham has petitioned to be ap
pointed guardian of the estate of her husband,
Robert b. Brenham, an incompetent.
Cloudy weather with conditions favorable for
showers and southwesterly winds is the best
the Weather Bureau can offer lor to-day.
James J. McKinnon has been appointed ex
ecutor, without bonds, of the will of Angus E
McMillan. The estate is valued at $6500.
Hollis M. Cox. 2'2-M Howard street, dropped
dead in tae Receiving Hospital early yesterday
morning trom. it is supposed, heart disease.
The single-tax leaders are planning to stump
the State and educate the people to single-tax
principles and the advantages of local option.
Billy Galiagher, the pugilist, attached Young
Mitchell's place yesterday for $440 for his
share of the purse in the Smith-Gallagher
fight.
Assistant Tnited States Attorney-General J.
M. Dickinson, now here on a pleasure trip,
says the Populists would be foolish to indorse
Bryan.
The British ships Cedarbank and Cambus
keunetn arrived yesterday after unusually
long passages. Reinsurance was paid on both
vessels.
Considerable speculation is being indulged
in by Federal employes as to who will succeed
Captain Talbot as chief inspector of hulls and
boilers.
William Watts, the fruit peddler accused of
Cooping up the boy George Walker in a barrel,
was arrested yesterday afternoon on a charge
oi battery.
The will of Peter Kehoe has been admitted
to probate. Cornelius s-nay and John O'Con
nor were appointed executors. The estate is
worth $5200.
A contest to the Drobate of the will of Caro
line Vetter was filei yesteroay by Rosine
Grant, sister of the deceased. Property worth
$75,000 is involved.
George M. Rogers has begun suit against the
Emporium Company for alleged breach of con
tract in not allowing him to establish a de
partment hardware store.
T. D. McKay, the Oriental passenger agent
of several transcontinental and trans-Pacific
transportation companies, is to return to his
post of duty next Thursday.
The Chinese Merchants' Association, at a
meeting held last night, determined to make
special inquiry into the death of Lee Tie, who
was murdered Sunday night.
For the fiscal year ending June 30 there was
imported from Hawaii merchandise to the
amount of $9,915,448. The export trade was
a little over one-third of this.
A suit to oust the directors of the American
Pipe and Pile Armor Company was filed
yesterday. It is claimed that they have juggled
the affairs of the corporation.
The Painters' Union will ask the assistance
of Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald in the en
actment of lavis for tbe improvement of the
condition of tne laboring (lasses.
Hugo D. Kt.il has replied to the charges
made by the carnival committee against the
Merchants' Association in stinging terms, ac
cusing the former of a lack of liberality.
The Supreme Court hRg affirmed the decision
of the lower tribunal in tne case of Jonn W.
Mai-kay and Richard V. Dey, executors of Mrs.
Theresa. Fair. vs. the City and County oi haii
Fraiicisco.
Exclusive Information in The Call concern
ing the damage caused to the Channel-street
sewer by the running of trains above it has
caused a sensation among householders and
taxpayers.
Rosie T. Oliver yesterday filed a complaint
asking tor the annulment of her marriage
with Manuel E. Oliver. She claims Oliver is a
disreputable character and that she was not of
age when she married him.
A rate war has begun again among the
steamers on the San Joaquin River, "iester
day the California Navigation and Improve
inent Compaiiy'cut therate between San Fran<
Cisco and Stockton from 50 to 25 cents.
Julius W. Raphael, president of Raphael's
(incorporated), returned from New York last
night. He urges prompt measures for main
taining the supremacy of San Francisco in
Oriental and Central American commerce.
A. R. MeFarlar.e, an old man, who was
tricked out of 050 worth of diamonds last
Thursday, which lie was trying to sell, has
become insane through worrying over it and
is now in a cell in the Receiving Hospital.
District Attorney Barnes is ai present look
ing up the legal power of the Grand Jury to
take steps against the Supervisors who voted
to reduce the assessments of the railway com
pany and other corDOralions last Monday.
The WaHhbarn Sisters, Blanche and Lillian,
now playing at the Orpin-urn, are putting on
their famous set of the "Newsboys." It has
reaped many a dime for the boys in the East,
and seems arxtut to repeat the success here
"Uncle" George T. Bromley, the venerable
Bohemian, was taken suddenly ill at Belvedere
Monday morning. He is nearing his eightieth
birthday and this, his tirat illness, has tright
ened him almost to death. He is recovering
slowly.
"Billy" Develin, an old-time employe of the
Mail Company and brother of the District At
torney of Solano County, died at Champerico
of yellow fever recently. He was General An
tonio Ezeta's private secretary at the time of
his death.
The local United States Shipping Commis
sioner has been notified by the Treasury De
partment that in future all seamen will be
provided with a leather pocketbook, in which
to carry all records relating to voyages, time
discharged, etc.
Charles Arms, tailor, 402 Jones street, for
whose arrest Louise Sen wegler swore out a
warrant on Tuesday on the charge of grand
larceny, hied a sui in the Justices' Court yes
terday, claiming $43 from her for damage to
his carpets and bedding.
General Wade Hampton, United States Rail
rond Commissioner, arrived in this City on his
annual inspection of the Government-aided
roads. His secretary, Charles E. Thomai, has
been made chief clerk to the Commission at
Washington made vacant by the death in this
City of F. 8. Storms.
PREDICT SUCCESS
FOR McKINLEY.
An Enthusiastic Meeting
of Mission Repub
licans.
DEMOCRACY DENOUNCED
The Thirty-Fifth District Club
Listens to Eloquent Ad
dresses.
OVER FOUB HUNDRED PRESENT
Scores of Persons Had to B? Turned
Unwillingly Away From the
Crowded Hall.
The Thirty-fifth Assembly District Re
publican Club held an enthusiastic meet
ing last night st the club headquarters,
1339 Valencia street. The hall, which has
a seating capacity of nearly 400, was to
tally inadequate to accommodate the
crowd which bad assembled and scores of
people had to be turned away.
The hall was appropriately decorated
for the occasion. Large portraits of Lin
coln, Grant, Garfield, Harrison and other
Republican heroes were hung about the
walls, and back of the president's chair,
upon a background of the National colors,
was placed a large picture of tbe present
standard-bearer of the party. ,
President Northrop in a few brief re
marks introduced General Friedrichs as
"one of the moat gifted and eloquent
orators in the State," and promised the
audience that they would be sure to be
entertained by tbe general and the
speakers who were to follow him.
General Friedrich modesty 'disclaimed
having any such reputation as the presi
dent had given him, but repeated the
president's promise that the audience
should be well entertained by the speakers
of the evening.
"In the notice I received," said the gen
eral, "it was stated that there was to be a
ratification meeting. However, I do not
come here to ratify. I nave been ratifying
ever since the nomination was made.
What I have come here for is to see and
become acquainted with the famous
Thirty-fifth District Club, of which I have
heard so much.
"Although I have heard nattering ac
counts of the organization, I am neverthe
less surprised at seeing a body of men so
intelligent and so earnest. I can say with
pride that it is an assembly such as only a
Republican club can furnish."
General Friedrich then proceeded to
draw a vivid comparison between the St.
Louis and the Chicago conventions. "The
two conventions have already passed into
history," he said, "after having each nom
inated a man to bear its standard next
November. The Democrats have put
up a man whose reputation is
based upon speeches made at county
fairs and Populist picnics— a man who
went to the convention a contesting dele
gate, and by pouring forth yards of plati
tudes and glittering generalities captured
the nomination at tbe hands of awe
struck, bewhiskered Democrats. Three
days before his nomination not one man
in five thousand thought of him as a
Presidential possibility. The man was
practically unknown.
"Contrast this man with the nominee of
the Bt. Louis convention. Long before
the gathering at St Louis men had turned
their laces toward William McKinley. As
the clouds of industrial inactivity thick
ened, as factories shut down and the
despairing cry for food arose from millions
of starving men and women, the gaze that
was centered upon tbe great Republican
became more and more fixed, and the peo
ple at length arose, to demand that William
McKinley should be the standard-bearer
in the campaign for prosperity in 1896.
"You have passed through four years of
Cleveland, of political stagnation — of po
litical damnation, I mi^ht almost say, and
you must certainly know when you have
had enough. We now demand, and aye
will have, four years of McKinley, four
years of prosperity, four years of protec
tion."
At the conclusion of General Friedrich's
speech, President Northrop introduced
Samuel M. Shortridge as an orator who
was known from one end of California to
the other, a speaker whom people came to
hear a second and a third time. When
the applause which greeted his introduc
tion had subsided Mr. Shortridge began :
"Many years ago one of the grandest
men who ever trod this earth, one of the
most eloquent orators that ever stirred
the hearts of men, a patriot devoted to
truth, wedded to liberty, declared: 'Where
the feet of my youth were planted, there
my manhood and my age shall march.'
Allow me but to appropriate these words
of the immortal Colonel E. D. Baker and
say that I was born a Republican and that
I shall continue to walk where the feet of
my youth were planted.
"If there is present a Republican who
fought under the banner of the divine
Abraham Lincoln, who has followed the
fortunes of the invincible Ulysses S. Grant,
who has listened to the words of the spot
less James A. Garfield, or who has been
stirred by the words of our grand departed
champion, James G- Blaine — if, I say,
there are present any who have followed,
the banners ol these great Republicans I
can say to you that you may rest assured
that in the person of our present standard
bearer you have a worthy successor to
these great patriots.
"William McKinley stands pre-emi
nently for the principle of the pr-jteotive
tariff which has made America what she
is to-day. He represents a party knowing
no east or west, no north or soutn, the
party wnich alone has the ability, learn
ing and patriotism to successfully conduct
the affairs of the American Republic.
"1 have no doubt but that the American
people will call the Republican party back
to power, if for no other reason than that
it is tbe only party that conducts the
affairs of this country in a business like
manner. The question that confronts us
is a question of homes and firesides; of
factories, of farms; a question of National
honor and National success.
"All over the !ana there is misery, want
and unrest. The difficulty has long been
to place the hand upon the seat of the dis
ease. Some have even as yet failed to
grasp the cause of this distress. Depend
upon it, the American people wiJl under
stand what is the causa and what party it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
The British Ships Cedarbank and Cambuskenneth, Which Arrived From Antwerp and Hamburg
Yesterday After Unusually Long Passages. They Encountered Several Hurricanes Off the Horn
and Were Becalmed Off the Golden Gate.
is that will restore to them prosperity and
success.
•"Put not your trust in princes,' was
said of old. 'Put not your trust in the
Democratic party,' we say to-day. Even
if the intentions of the Democrats are
good they lack the ability. Put not your
trust in the Democratic party — a motley
crowd of rainbow-chasers who know not
what they do. Put your trust in the
party which was founded to further the
interests of American workers and put a
crown, not of thorns but of glory, upon
the brow of human labor."
After the conclusion of Mr. Shortridge's
speech, wnich was frequently interrupted
by applause, Ernest Wakeman drew a
graphic picture of the misery and desola
tion caused by the Democracy, and in con
clusion he urged all present not to fail to
register, so as to vote for Republican pros
perity at the coming election.
Andrew Branch followed with a ringing
denunciation of Democratic misrule, inter
spersing his remarks, however.with many
humorous recitals which convulsed the
audience.
A recess was then taken while refresh
ments were served and a musical pro
gramme rendered by Messrs. Branhal!,
Closson and Todd. After the meeting had
again come to order stirring speeches
were made by Colonel Eddy,
Major Kyle and John T. Dare, who all
prophesied a glorious victory in the fall
campaign. At the conclusion of the
speeches a general reunion and introduc
tion of new members followed, after which
the meeting adjourned.
The Tbirty-nfth District Republican
Club, which is one of the most prosperous
in the City, has at present a membership
of some 800 Republicans. Tbe clubrooms,
where last night's meeting was held, are
open every evening from 6 to 10 o'clock.
Following are the officers of the club:
V. F. Northrop, president, 11 Juri street;
C. M. Depew, 1 vice-president, 308 San Jose
avenue; R. H. Stafford, secretary, 725
Twenty-second street; C. L. Hedemark,
treasurer, 1052 Valencia. Executive com
mittee — James McKnitrht, 911 Twenty
third street; D. F. MuJville, 20 Fair
Oaks; J. W. Murphy, 620 Twenty-fourth;
Perry J. Smith, 1307 Valencia; W. W.
Macy, 2308 ( Mission M. J. McPherson,
1309 Dolores; E. A. Grant, 1020 Capp; J.
N. Rawe, 1422 Guerrero; Buron Kelley,
127 California avenue; P. C. Francis, 29
Chapultepec; E. H. Herrick, 105 Prospect
avenue; Dr. E. N. Torello, Silver avenue
and Mission road; H. Collins, 25 Chat
tanooga; G. W. Debenham, 1620 Valen
cia; W. R. Plumbe, 812 Twenty-fourth;
D. I. Newkirk, 2727 Mission ; Elgin Mc-
Nab, 927 Dolores; George Dean, 1507 Guer
rero; R. B.Fredericks, 11 Eugenia avenue;
A. J. Styche, 705 Bank; J. M. Rhodes, 205
San Jose avenue; P. J. Hyde, 235 Bartlett;
S. Gamble, 1307 Dolores; J. if. Butler,
Twenty-ninth and Alabama.
♦
RALLYING FOR McKINLEY.
An Army and Navy Republican
League Camp Elects Its
Officers.
William McKinley Camp No. 1, Army
and Navy Republican League of Califor
nia, held a large and enthusiastic meeting
last night at the headquarters, 26O'Far>-ell
street, for the purpose of electing offi
cers. The following were elected and in
stalled: Colonel commanding, W. F.
Randall; lieutenant-colonel commanding,
E. H. Herrick; major, M. J. Collins; quar
termaster, S. W. Carpenter; officer of the
day, W. P. Harrison; officer of the guard,
J. M. Cowley; adjutant, E. W. Bushnell.
The executive council selected consists
of E. H. Herrick, T. C. Masteller, James
Kip, M. J. Collins and J. S. French.
Stirring remarks were made by Captain
Leon E. Jones, commander of McKinley
Club No. 1; W. F. Randall, W. H. Wharff,
F. P. Burgess, R. T. Melvin, member of
the Kansas Legislature; Adjutant-General
James Kip of the department.
National Republican Club.
The National Republican Club was re
organized last night at 520 Bush street,
and tun following officers were elected:
President, H. J. Hess; vice-president,
Edward Bottom ; recording secretary, F. G.
Robrecht; financial secretary, Max Haas;
treasurer, K. A. Lundstrom; sergeant-at
arras, J. D. Barry; executive committee —
Robert Little, J. T. Quarrels, F. W. Am
man, Peter Hanson and Charles Smith.
The meeting was well attended and a
large number of applications for member
ship were received.
The club decided to bold its next meet
ing at California Hall within a few days.
Perkins Republican Club.
The Perkins Republican Club met last
night at their hall, corner of Powell and
Green streets. The following permanent
officers were elected: President, W. J.
Loudon ; first vice-president, E. Drey
polcher; second vice-president, A. Suarez;
recording secretary. Frank Aicher; finan
cial secretary, £. Wackenreuder; treas
urer, H. Nellman; sergeant-at-arms, R.
Severing; executive committee — C. Dona
hue, J. Cohn. J. Nevraumont, J. Cruse, A.
Vergez; committee on uniforms — L.
Strohl, G. Jfaber, W. Welsh. Remarks
were made Dy W. J. Loudon, L, Strohl
and E. Dreypolcher. Before adjournment
three rousing cheers were given for Mc-
KmJey and Hobart and J. D. Spreckels.
Golden Gate Valley Club.
The Golden Gate Valley Democratic
Club, William Wright temporary chair
man, held a meeting at tbeir hall, on the
corner of Filbert an d Fillmore streets, last
night. There was a large and enthusias
tic gathering of Democrats, over fifty new
members having signed the roll. A reso
lution indorsing the nomination of Joseph
P. Kelly for Congress was adopted.
In Spanish obituary notices the cause of
death is always given.
STORM AND CALM
DELAYED THEM,
The Cedarbank and Cambus
kenneth Finally Reach
Port
A FATALITY ON BOARD.
An Apprentice Boy Fell From
the Royal Yard and Was
Instantly Killed.
DEATH OF "BILLY" D£VLIN.
He Was Well Known in the Mail
Service, and Was Ezeta's
Private Secretary.
Tbe overdue fleet is gradually making
port, and the general impression is that
the losses rounding the Horn during the
last season of heavy weather will be con
fined to one ship. That one has gone
seems to be undisputed, but as to whether
it is the American ship Santa Ciara from
New York or the Undaunted from Balti
j more remains in doubt. Both vessels
! carry general merchandise, and consider
able reinsurance has been placed on them.
Two more of the long-delayed vessels
got in yesterday. Both made unusually
long voyages, the Cambusltennetn being
181 days from Hamburg and the Cedar
bank 187 days from Antwerp. While
rounding the Horn the former lost one of
I her crew and the Cedarbank was swept
i from stem to stern. Ti.e storm was dn
'< awful one, and both vessels had a hard
! time of it. The captain of the Cambus-
Kenneth was the first to tell the tale yes
terday.
"We sailed from Hamburg on the 23d of
! January,'' said he. "We crossed the
; equator twenty-three days out and had
light, northerly airs to latitude 20 south.
"On March 20 our trouble commenced.
A h eavy southwest eale struck the ship
and we had to strip down to a small show
of canvass. High cross-seas were raised,
several of which were shipped, sweeping
the decks fore and aft. The fore end of
the forecastle was stove in, the topsail
halyard wince was carried away and other
slight damage done.
"We were thirty-six days from 50 deg.
in the Atlantic to 50 deg. in the Pacific.
A succession of northerly gales were found
on this side. The balance of the voyage
was uneventful, save for the sad death of
young Camplin."
Samuel Camplin was only 19 years old,
I but during the storms he took all the risks
and did more work than the oldest A. B.
on the vessel. He escaped every danger,
and it was during comparatively calm
weather that he met his death. He was
at work on the royal yard when his foot
slipped and he fell heavily to the decK.
Every bone in his body was broken and
he died instantly. He was buried at sea.
The Cedarbank sailed from Antwerp on
j January 17 and had fair weather up to!
I March 21. On that date she was caught
in a gale, was thrown on her beam ends
and nearly toundered. The crew had to
cut away three lower topsails to save the
ship and, although it was a work of great
danger, they bad to do it as it was a case
of life or death. From 50 south in the
Atlantic to 50 south in the Pacific the
Cedarbank encountered nothing butheavv
weather. For days it was nothing but a
constant struggle to make headway and
the crew was almost frozen in the attempt.
On April 27 the Ceoarbank ran into a
hurricane and heavy cross seas swept her
from stem to stern. Part of her rail was
carried away, tne harness casks went by
the board and the port lifeboat was re
duced to kindling wood. From that time
on the Cedarbank had fair weather, but
for three days whs becalmed off the Faral
lones in a fog. On one occasion the weight
of water thrown on the decks of the big
I ship was so great that forty feet of the
heavy iron bulwark was bulged by the
strain. Both tbe Cedarbank ana Cainbus
kenneth had all they could do to round
the Horn.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Syd
ney arrived from Panama and way ports
yesterday two days ahead of time. From
Muzatlan the run was made in 4 days
18 hours, which is the best on record, sav
ing the same vessel's first run from fcii«
j same port, which she made in 4 days 9
j hours and 22 minutes, in April, 1894.,
When passing Pigeon Point Captain John
son sighted tne wreck of the Colombia,
but neither he nor anybody else on board
surmised for an instant what vessel it was.
Everybody seemed to think it was one of
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
vessels and no one ever connected the dis
aster with the Colombia. Captains Clark
and Johnson were warm personal friends
and the latter was very much affected
when he heard of the wreck.
The Sydney brings the news of the death
of William G. (Billy) Devlin at Cham
perico from yellow fever. "Billy" was
for years in tbe employ of the Mail com
pany on the dock and for several trips
went out as freight clerk on the Rio de
Janeiro. When General Autonio Ezeta
went to Panama he went along as his
private secretary and was the chief engi
neer of the filibustering expedition that
ended so disastrously on the coast of Sal
vador. At that time Devlin had a chance
to return to San Francisco on the tug
Barclay Golden, but refused, saying he
would sta;id by Ezeta. The latter's money
began to run short, however, and "Billy ?I
started on a reconnoitering expedition up
the coast. At Champerico he waa taken
down with the yellpw fever and suc
cumbed. His brother is Prosecuting At
torney of Solano County and his relatives
live in Vallejo.
The first of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company's steamers under
the new schedule sailed for Portland yester
day.
Formerly the cut-rate was $5, and the
Columbia took 250 cabin passengers at
that figure. Yesterday the rate was $12,
and the Mexico had only sixty passengers
aboard. The vessel was loaded down with
freight, however, as the cut-rate on mer
chandise still prevails.
The merry rate war on the San Joaquin
River has begun again. Last year therate
used to be 25 cents, but finally an under
standing was reached, and both the Cali
fornia Navigation and Improvement Com
pany and the Union Transportation Com
pany advanced rates to 50 cents a passage.
This rate has prevailed for some time, Dut
now a cut to 25 cents has been made by
the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company, and it is expected that
the other company will follow suit in a
few days. Traffic is pretty heavy on the
river just now, but as the old company is
running two steamers a day it expects to
have no difficulty in handling the rush
that ia sure to follow the reduction.
HIS MIND AFFECTED.
Worry Over the Loss of Some Dlamondi
Has Placed A. R. MrFurliiiie
in a Padded Cell.
Worry over the loss of some diamonds
has driven A. R. McFarlane, an old man,
insane and he is now in a padded cell in
the Receiving Hospital.
McFarlane was a salesman for W. J.
Street, jeweler. Bush and Kearny streets.
Last Thursday, on Bryant street, between
Seventh and Eighth, he tried to negotiate
a sale of diamonds worth $56 with a young
man standing beside a wagon in front of
a macaroni factory. Tbe young man took
them into the place to show them to a
friend and did not return. He was not
known at the factory.
Peter Shivo, the "driver of the wagon,
was arrested for grand larceny. The case
came up in Judge Joachimsen's court yes
terday morning and McFarlane admitted
that Schivo never had tbe diamonds in his
possession. Schivo denied knowing the
young man who got the diamonds and
said he was only talking with him to kill
time when McFarlane offered the dia
monds for sale. The Judge dismissed the
case.
Yesterday afternoon Street took Mc-
Farlane to the Calfornia-street station.
He said the old man had been worrying so
much over the loss of the diamonds tbat
he had turned quite crazy. Policeman
Burnett took McFarlane in the patrol
wagon to the hospital. All the way he
talked wildly and wanted to tco to a place
where there was nothing but grass.
A COLORED LADY ORATOR
Mrs. Naomi Anderson Is to Lee-
ture Here on Woman
Suffrage.
Miss Anthony Will Speak To-Day in
Oakland at tbe Salvation Army
Mass-Meeting.
At the Woman Suffrage Bureau visitors
are daily becoming more numerous. In
terest of the liveliest character is being
manifested in the cause by ladies who
formerly had not given a thought to the
ballot. Among yesterday's callers was
Mrs. Laura Riddell of San Diego, who re
ports a most encouraging state of things
in .the "bay and climate" ciiy and its vi
cinity.
"We have a large and enthu
siastic county campaign committee,"
she remarked," and have nourishing
clnbn in all the wards of the city.
The foremost society ladies have
thrown themselves, heart, soul and purse,
into the movement, and all our meetings
are thronged.
"It is not only in San Diego that this state
of thine prevail," went on Mrs. Riddell." In
the interior towns of Soutnern California
a similar sentiment is plainly apparent. I
have been charged with a general super
intendency of the precinct clubs in the
south and I anticipate a deal of work from
now until after the elections. At the same
time I find it a joy to meet the devoted
women whom I have come across in my
labors. In general I have observed much
interest in the cause among women of all
classes, excepting salesladies, who, strange
to say, appear to be entirely indifferent re
garding the matter."
Miss Hay, the chairman, reported that
active work among the colored residents
of this City and vicinity will commence
next Monday. Mrs. Naomi Anderson, an
eloquent colored orator and an ardent
apostle of the cause, will lecture in San
Francisco every niebt next week and in
Oakland during the week following, after
which she will commence a lecturing tour
in the interior.
To-day Miss Anthony, Mrs. A. A. Sar
gent and Mrs. Riddell will attend the Sal
vation Army mass-meeting in Oakland.
Miss Anthony will deliver an address and
a large attendance is anticipated, as inter
est in the movement is very noticeable
among tke American- born hallelujah las
sies.
Saturday at the Cliff.
The officers and members of the Harvard
Club are preparing for a grand banquet to be
given at the Cliff House next Saturdayevening
at 7 o'clock. George B. Merrill, the president
of the club, will preside on the occasion, and
the members are looking forward to a grand
time. The club has accepted an invitation
from Manager Colonel Robinson to visit the
Sutro Baths in the afternoon, after which the
members will proceed to the Cliff House and
enjoy the banquet. The following are the
oflicers of the Harvard Club: George B. Mer
rill, president; M. P. Michael, Vanderlynn
Btow, vice-presidents; R. C. Harrison, secre
tary; J. a Severance, treasurer.
Hoitts Sch>ol foi Boys, Burlingame. Sixth
year begins Aug. 4. Im G. Hoilt, Ph.D., Mas' jr*
"UNCLE" GEORGE
SERIOUSLY ILL
First Sickness of the Ven
erable Father of
Bohemia.
IN HIS EIGHTIETH YEAR.
The Attack Came Suddenly and
Frightened Friends Con
siderably.
HE IS STILL VEKY WEAK.
Members of the Bohemian Clnb Greatly
Worried Over Their Nes
tor's Condition.
Near the close of four score years
"Uncle" George T. Bromley has been
seized by his first sickness, and he is
almost frightened to death. The genial,
venerable father of Bohemia, who has been
the last man to give up wherever mirth
held sway at Bohemia or Press Club jinks,
or at any other place for that matter; who
has been a complete stranger to disease of
any kind, has at last been compelled to
bow to the inevitable. But, fortunately,
"Uncle" George is improving rapidly and
bis physician gives hopes that the vener
able octogenarian will be quite well in a
few weeks.
At present he is resting easily at Belve
dere after a very severe and, indeed, an
alarming attack brought on by some dis
order of the digestive system. There is
some doubt it seems about the cause of
Mr. Bromley's illness, which he will be
called upon later to explain to the full
satisfaction of Bohemia. The secret is
told in the fact that he had been visiting
some very dear friends in Belvedere and
switched off suddenly on home cooking.
This, however, is the diabolical conclusion
arrived at by one or more husbands of the
picturesque suburb.
Saturday night last Mr. Bromley paid a
visit to Captain and Mrs. Thompson in
Belvedere. In the evening he went to the
Pacific Yacht Club with a large party and
enjoyed a spin about the coves in a
launch. He danced three quadrilles — one
each with Mrs. Mary Sherwood, Mrs. J. D.
Maxwell and Mrs. Horace Ball — and re
turned to the home of his host in excellent
spirits. Sunday was spent with Captain
and Mrs. Thompson and friends, and in
the evening "Uncle George" attended a
Bohemian gathering at the home of Mrs.
J. S. Mattoon.
On retiring he was in the enjoyment of
his usual good health, but between 2 and
3 o'clock a. m. an attack suggesting an
irritant poison seized him. All day Mon
day he suffered intensely. Nor did his
condition improve Tuesday morning. His
friends called in a physician and Raphael
Weill, his old companion, secured the as
sistance of Dr. Bazan, who has since been
in constant attendance on the patient.
The result is that Mr. Bromley has im
proved considerably, though he is still
very weak and terribly scared over his
first sickness. All through he has been
nursed by Mrs. Thompson and Mrs. Ball,
and this has worried nim constantly, as
he said he prevents them from enjoying
themselves.
At the Bohemian Club yesterday many
of the leading spirits of Bohemia gathered
to talk about "Uncle George." Tneyeach
and every one wanted to start for Belve
dere and visit the patient, but desisted
when told that the attending physician
would allow no one to see him. Raphael
Weill and Colonel Maddox went over in
the afternoon, carrying with them a large
bundle of letters from Mr. Bromley's
friends in Bohemia, all couched in the
tenderest and most solicitous language
possible, and all conveying to "Uncle
George" personal wishes for his recovery.
Mr. Bromley is an honorary life mem
ber of the Bohemian and Press clubs, in
both of which there will be sincere satis
faction to-day at knowing they may par
ticipate in celebrating his eightieth birth
day, now near at hand.
A BIG TAX BILL.
The Supreme Court Says the Executors
of Mrs. Fair Cannot Recover.
The judgment appealed from in the case
of John W. Mackay and Richard V. Dey,
executors of the wili of Mrs. Theresa Fair,
against the City and County of San Fran
cisco has been affirmed by the Supreme
Court. The action was brought by the
executors to recover $31,687 90, the amount
of City and State taxes for the fiscal year
beeinning July 1, 1892, levied upon certain
railway mortgage bonds and other per
sonal "property belonging to the estate,
which sum had been paid under protest.
The property taxed represented a value of
$1,921,893. Owing to evidence having been
presented to the effect that the valuation
set upon certain bonds was excessive, the
lower court decided that the executors
were entitled to recover $1911 55, with in
terest and costs.
The appeal was taken on the ground
that the railway bonds were not taxable,
since they represent property owned by
the Southern Pacific Company in Arizona ;
that such taxation waa void under the
fourteenth amendment of the constitu
tion, and that tbe Legislature of California
bad declared that such bonds were not
property for the purposes of taxation.
The lower court decided that these con
tentions could not be sustained, since the
situs or locality of the bonds was here.
The second contention, the court decided,
might be curried to the Supreme Court for
new to-day:
Where wine is good,
much wine is drunk. When
beer is good, much beer is
drunk.
Where tea is good, much
tea is drunk — that is not
in America; that is only
in Japan and China and
other tea countries and
England and Russia, where
tea is pure and fresh -
roasted.
If we have anything to
say about it, California will
have good tea too — your
money back if you don't
like Schillings Best.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco O7
HEW TO-DAY^ •
ij That Pleasing - i
I Paralyzing Pie! I
I -+■ ,■■"... -'f.
'j & How good it looks ! How l\ .
( I J good it is 1 ........ And how it ."9 !
]>) hurts. Why not look into the (<[ :
J5 question of 7 PHI after Pie? ||
<| Eat your pie and take Ayer's V>
]•>'. Pills after, and' pie will please «[
( jj and not paralyze. ' ; (<> •
I AVER'S I
I Cathartic Pills i
'; J CURE DYSPEPSIA. 1- ■ 5
7 V '
«*;..«.*< V MMf IT, 1. ling Itnrn I jmlmJ
revision, i! thought proper, while as to
the .third, namely, that the bonds were
exempt by legislative enactment, it wag
untenable, since the code had . been,
amended so as to exclude railway bonds
from the section referred to. The decision
affirming the judgment of the lower
tribunal is signed by Justices .Temple,
Henshaxrand McFarland. . k : " :
• — » — »
A CRUEL SPORT.
Views of Mr. Ho.brook on the Practice
of Setting Fox Terriers Upon Rabbits.
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals say 3
he is bent upon stopping the practice
prevalent at the Presidio Athletic grounds
of setting fox-terriers upon rabbits. He
describes the alleged sport as brutal be
yond expression, and yesterday succeeded
in preventing an exhibition which was to
have taken place.
t: A man named James Stratton," said
Mr. Holbrook, "told me it was a great
sport in England; but if possible I will
prevent its becoming popular here."
Joseph Getz's Will.
The will of Joseph Getz has been filed for
probate by Reuben Cohen, who has been
named as executor by the heirs of the de
ceased. The estate is worth about $10,000,
but a large amount of property was tranferred
to Johanna Getz, wife of the testator, before
his death.
Of the remainder of the property, $2000 id
left in trust for Mildred L. Phillips, grand
daughter of tne deceased, ami the Balance to
Johanna Getz, the widow. . The document
goes on to state that others of his descendants
are intentionally omitted from the will for the
reason that testator has full confidence in the
devotion of his wife for them.
♦ — •♦■ — • .
Wauts His Team.
R. W. Payne has sued the Foxhall stables for
the return of a $625 pair of horses and coupa
hired to the stables some time ago. He alio
asks for $200 damages.
NEW 10-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
f»». ATTHE .i» To-Night
CALIFORNIA I at 8.
TO-PIAV extra
l\J Ut\ I PROFESSIONAL --v
At 2 MATINEE
O .A. R -Sc E IST.
PRICES— 2Sc, sOc and 75c.
BSW. MERCHANT OF VENICE
■'■■•' ■ .- ■ :■.'.-.■ '-
"■"■^^"^^^"■""■""^^"^ Grand Reopening
B^ AT THE _ g Monday, July 27— ,
II . , ..■■fill Charles Frohman's
rr^Al RlAf le%l empire thea-
Vr\LUJj 111 TKB CO. of *ew
mmmmmmmmmm^ mmmmmmm^ mmm .^ York City,
Presenting Clyde Pitch's Play,
BOHEMIA.
First time In San Francisco.
"Better than Trilby."— World.
"As good as Trilby."— Times.
• More artistic than Trilby."— Sun.
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
rRICDLAnDtR.<K)TTU)D « c?- mahao : ••
THERE IS ONE WAY, AND BUT ONE.
Every Theater Goer in Frisco Wants to See -■ '
"MOTHS !"
■- ■ Presented as Only the _••■ »• . .
FRAWLEY COMPANY
Can, and That Is Why We Put on That Beautiful
■ . Play TO-NIGHT,
With MARGARET CRAVEN as Vera.
Monday Next— "THE HIGHEST BIDDER."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBa. .cUNjtbi'isfc. hkki.ixb, Proprietor <a.u.aui -«
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mr. Gu'btav Hixhichs. '
' —THIS EVENING : '
25th Anniversary Gustav Hinrichs' Directorship.
SPECIAL BILL
"I PAaLiIAOOI" •
.. ' .Orchestral. Selections from ■
"HANSEL AND GUETEL."
Friday and Sunday Evenings, •
Ambroise Thomas' Romantic Opera,
"MIONON."
* • . Saturday Evenly
"MARTHA," >;-, ■>:.
NEXT WEEK— "CARMEN" AND « FAUST.'
Popular Prices— 2so and sOc. ,
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America. -
•WAi.TKK MORO3CO, v Sole Lessee and Maaasu
* ' THIS EVEN ISO AT EIGHT,
Return Star Engagement of the Popular Comedian
—emmett; suekidan—
In Howard P. Taylor's Latest Success,
"IRISH INSPIRATION! '*
A Picturesque Story of the Emerald Isle.
- Evening Prices— 2so and 50c'
Family Circle and Gallery, 10c. ; 
Usual Matinees Saturday and. Sunday.
■ ■ _• !>,;  - . - ...:'' ,.' ■.'-";',:■-
-| O'FarreU Street, Between Stockton and Powell. " •
1 Week Commencing Monday, 'July 20.
. THE NOVELT/ OF THE DAY!
' SEE THE GREAT— — -
BIONDI !-—~-^BIONDI !
• Only three nights more of Prof. Macart's Dog,
Monkey and Baboon CUcus. ' .
28 AIL GHEAT Ai.TI-STS! 28
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera Chair*
and Box Seats. 50c - • r ■ r ;.;;■■ -,5 y»
THE CHUTES,
CASINO!
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
. LAST TIMES OF T
VIRGINIA ABAGOS, Queen of Wire Walkers,
' 'MARLO- DUNHAM FAMILY. !.
Continued Success or the Marvelous Feature
;■■ " JOE! " ■'■'-'■': " JOE! "<,
— AND OUR L GREAT BILL !— ~
ADMISSION 1O CENTS. r
Children,' including Merry-Go- Kound Ride, 5 cents.
Jitttfl fßafe
AND PLEASURE GROUNDS,^ .
Open Daily from 7 A. H. Until 11 P. 31 •
78
"BROAD-GAUGERS"
RESIGN OFFICE,
Prohibition Party Weak
ened by Many With
drawals.
THE VACANCIES FILLED
Spirited Debate Over Reading
the Resignation of Chair
man Glass.
"CALIFORNIA VOICE" INDORSED
Complete List of Withdrawin; O.'fi
cers and New Appointees
and Nominees.
The Prohibition State Central Commit
tee met at 132 McAllister street yesterday
afternoon for the purpose of accepting the
resignations of State committeemen and
nominees on the ticket.
Present were: M. W. Pratt, Placer;
Charles Chester, Oakland; R. F. Knapp,
Half moon Bay; £. Reinbardt, Salinas; T.
H. Montgomery, Oakland; George D. Kel
lopg. Placer; C. A Tupper, San Jose; S.
Bowers, Los Anpeles; J. Humphreys, Oak
land : S. Fear, San Francisco; J. W. Webb,
Fresno; Mrs. C. B.Williams.San Francisco;
6. P. Meads. Oakland; T. L. Hierlihy, Ala
rneda; T. H. Law sou, San Jose; Judge R.
Thompson, San Francisco; B. F. Taylor,
Napa; Jennie Chamberlain, Vallejo; Mrs.
Cleorge D. Kellogg, Newcastle; Mrs.
George B. Taynton. Berkeley; W. P.^Crow
hurst, Oakland; C. E. Rich, Halfmoon
Bay; Rev. W. H. Bowen, Berkeley; A.
Calhoun, Alarueda; C. B. Williams, San
Francisco.
Tlie utmost good will was manifested
toward one another during the course of
tne resignations, and each man in turn
expressed sorrow at the course he was
obliged to take as choosing between the
"broad-gauce" party, now known as the
Nationals. Those present who remained
with the Prohibition Darty proper ex
pressed recrat that their brothers should
believe it their duty to withdraw, but ad>
mittea that every person should be true
to his conscience.
Over half the members of the State Cen
tral Committee tendered their resignation.
S--ver.il nominees were included. Tbe
complete list of those who withdrew from
th ■ "narrow .aut'e" party is as follows:
Joseph Johnson, Amador; I. N. Cain. Co
]u>a; J. >.". tjißs>, Los Angeles: Emma P.
Knuder. Los AagcVe6; C. H. Dunn, Sacramento;
W. ii. Si uners, San Diego; A. Culver, San Luis
Obispo; R. F. Kuapp, lialfmoon Bay; CM.
Gtdnev, Santa Barbara; C. A. Tupper, F. R.
Fhufter aid William Keilr, San Jose; T. H.
Law son, Santa Clara; Mrs. W. Pringle, Santa
< rur; S. Hilton, Shasta; C. F. Withrow, Sierra;
y. W. Hooper, Si»k:you; Jennie Chamberlain,
S.Juno; \v. H. MaEOun. Sonoma; Garrison
Turinr, S:ai!islauf, \V. w. Whber, gutter; M.
I>. Hearit, Yolo; George D. Kellogg, Placer.
A spirited debate en&ued over the resiar-
DatioD of J. M. Glass, chairman oi the
fc^ate Central Committee. Some of the
members wished the resignation read in
full as given in the daily papers; others
thought "it entirely unnecessary to read it
at all, as the resignation given in the
japers had Glass' name signed to it, mak
ing it authentic. A compromise was
reached by reading that part pertaining
to tlie resignation proper and nothing
whatever concermr.g the reasons for with
drawal. Upon being put to a vote tne
resignation of Glass was accepted.
A few of the vacancies in the State Cen
tra! Committee were tilled as follows:
T. E. Coulter. Sacramento; T. D.
Kanon«e, Los Angeles; J. T. Bennett,
Amador; T. F. Holland and G. W. Grif
fith, Santa Clara; J. M. Uaight, Placer;
J. J. Hopkins, banta Cruz; Mr. Owens,
Bolano.
The resignations of all the State Com
mitteemen were accepted, but the accept
nnce of those offered by tne nominees was
dpferred iv the hope mat an agreement
wi!! be reached at the San Jose conven
tion by which both factions can support
Ibe Fame State nominees. As regards a
National ticket each faction will place one
in the field, tbe name of the one being
t-imply the old cognomen of Prohibition
party and that of the other being the Isa
tinnal patty .
Trie nominees resigning are C. H. Dunn,
United States Senator; William Shaffer,
Congress from the Third District; T. H.
Lawson, Congress from the Fifth District;
General John Bid well, Presidential
Eector.
An auditing committee was appointed
in the perrons of S. P. Meads, F. E.
Contter and B. Bowers. Its duty will be
to audit the report of the secretary, the
treasurer and the chairman.
As the afternoon did not suffice for
transacting all the business before the or
ganization, it wns found necessary to hold
an evening sessrr:i. L. Hierlihy was elected
temporary chairman and S. Bowers tem
porary secretary.
After the temporary organization was
completed P. E. Coulter of Sacramento
Tvus elected permanent chairman, 6. P.
Mends of Oafcland vice-chairman, and
S. Bowers of Los Angeles secretary.
Tbe chairman was allowed $75 per
month aud expenses nntil December 1,
and the secretary $60 per month with a
limit of $25 per month for expenses during
the name time.
The four officers of tbe State Central
Committee, together with George Morris
and 'F. D. Kanouse, were elected to serve
as the State? executive committee.
W. W. Bingbam, A. M. Anburius, F. M.
Landis, J. M. Haignt and T. L. Hierliby
were appointed the auditing committee
for the party.
J. A. B. Wilson of Los Anpeles and
J. \V. Webb of Fresno were elected to
serve on the National committee.
The chairman and secretary wereautbor
izeu to fill all vacancies in tbe committee.
Vacancies made by resignation were filled
as follows:
Riverside County, J. >f. Logmen, j. c. Wood
iv.r!; Bau Bernardino, A. H. Seccombe, J. 8.
Kd wards; Sun Francisco, W. R Goodwin ; San
])!ego, Lewie E. Kent; san Mateo, C. E. Rich
lantaI anta Clara, F- T. Holland, Rev. G. W. Griffith;
fcoiano, Huldtth Owens; Stinta Kosa, J. Robln
b>n; Yolo, Mri. S. A. Huston.
Rev. \V. R. Goodwin of San Francisco
was named as Presidential elector at large
in place of John Bidwell.
Rev. C. T. Wilson of Los Angeles was
nominated to Congress from the Sixtu
l>i-met in place of H. C. Needham, re
tipned.
.1. H. Blnnchard was recommended as
the choice of the party for United States
benator in place of C. H. Dunn, resigned.
Tbe California Yoke was indorsed as
the official organ of the party.
After some email financial settlements
an udjournment was taken until the call of
tne chairman.
N'KAY V INDIC ATE D.
H« la to Return to Yokohama on Than-
day Next.
Thomas D. McKay, the joint agent at
Yokohama, Japan, of ihe Southern Pa
c.iic Company, the Union Pacific and the
Chicago and Northwestern railroads and
of tbe Pacific Mail and Occidental and
Oriental steamship companies, is to return
in g<od standing and with full approval of
his past course to his post of duty. He
will leave one week from to-day. This
was decided yesterday at the meeting of
the repre«em^jive» of the various transpor
tation (ompanies interested.
McKay was charged by Traffic Manager
Stubi-e of the Southern Pacific with ex
ceeding instructions in stamping Pacific
Mail passengers' tickets and thus indicat
ing that they were to be routed East over
the Central Pacific, the Union Pacific and
the Northwestern. Btubbs claimed that
only the tickets of the passeneers by the
Occidental and Oriental iine of steamers
should have been ?o marked. For this
reason he wanted McKay displaced for
some one else of his choosing, but General
Passenger Agent Lomax of the Union
Pacific and General Passenger Acent
Kniskern of the Northwestern stood by
McKay and insisted on his retention, and
tHey^won the day. They claimed that Me-
Kav had done nothing more than fulfilled
his duty.
CHAMPION CORBETT.
He Arrives From the Springs and Will
Go East Immediately on
Business.
Champion Jira Corbett arrived from
Bartlett Springs last evening in the com
pany of his wife. When seen last evening
at the Bt. Nicholas Hotel the champion
said that he regretted very mucn to take
his departure from the springs so soon, as
he had benefited very much during his
sojourn at Bartlett; and had it not been
for a telegram be received from his man
ager, Brady, he proposed to remuin in
Lake County for several weeks yet.
Corbett will leave for Asbury Park on
Friday or Saturday, as he has important
business to transact with his manager,
who expects to see Corbett not later than
the 31st inst. It is presumed that Brady
has some scheme on band regarding the
proposed place where the tigbt between
Corbett and Sbarkey will be "pulled off,"
and naturally he is very anxious to con
sult with the champion before anything
is done in the premises.
THE DEMANDS OF LABOR.
Union Painters Desire Several
Changes Made in tbe
State Laws.
To Protect Life and Limb and Regu
late ihe Sanitation of
Houses.
At a meeting of the Painters' Union last
evening Secretary Busne was directed to
address & letter to Labor Commissioner
Fitzgerald recommending several cuanges
in the labor laws of the State, and asking
bis assistance in having the same put into
effect at the meeting of the next Legis
lature. The first desired is a "life and
limb law" similar to the law of New York
and several other Eastern States. Under
this law contractors are compelled to pro
vide their workmen with good staging,
strong ropes and hooks and secure blocks.
The contractors in addition are made liable
for all damages arising from neglect in
this matter.
In this City, the pain ten say, men are
compelled to risk their lives on old rotten
ropes ana lackl# that is unsafe. The
painters also want an official inspector of
all tackle used by painting contractors.
Another demand is the amendment of the
eight-hour law, the present being faulty
and inoperative. All State work they de
sire to be done by the day instead of on
contracts, which give contractors an op
portunity to overwork and underpay their
men.
Another desired feature is the enactment
of a sanitary law which will compel con
tractors to scrape and thoroughly clean
all walls before repapering, whitening or
tinting. The present oractice is to put
layer after layer of paper, whitening and
other materials over the old coats, thereby
confining and harboring all germs of dis
ease that may adhere to the walls.
An effort will also be made to secure the
Commissioner's aid in revising and
amending the mechanics' lien law, which,
it is claimed, is at present so full of loop
holes that the mechanic does not secure
any benefits therefrom. Ihe Painters'
Union will meet at 915J^ Market street, in
the Labor Bureau Association's hall, after
August 1.
The Granite-cutters' Union last even
ing appointed Dr. Helms as the attending
physician for members of the union and
their families. It was decided to keep up
the agitation against contractors having
the work of furnishing stone done at the
quarries. The cutters want tne rock
brought to tins City in the rough and
dressed here. The- members have great
hopes that Contractor A. McLenan will
secure the big Golden Gate .Park stone
contract, as be promised to have all the
finishing done in the park instead of at
hisiquarries in Modesto.
The metal-roofers expect their charter,
which will make the local union a mem
ber of the International Association of
Tin and Sheet Iron Workers, when the
body holds its next meeting. The roofers
have given ail contractors sixty days' no
tice that on and after August 1 they will
demand an advance of 50 cents a day on
tneir wages, and .will- not work for less.
From the attitude of the Dosses tbe roofers
expect that their demand, will be com
plied with without trouble.
HE WANTS DAMAGES.
jDh>rle» Anni r File* m Bait A gain at
Louise Schwegler.
Charles Arms, tailor, 402 Jones street,
has turned the tables upon Louise Schweg
ler, who swore out a warrant on Tuesday
for his arrest on the charge of grand lar
ceny for stealing her gold watch and chain
from her trunk while she was in the French
Hospital.
Yesterday morning Attorney Riley, on
behalf of Arms, filed a suit in the Justices'
court against the young woman, claiming
{43 damages to his carpets and bedding
while she was sick in his house.
Attorney Riley then waited upon Judge
Conlan and asked that the grand larceny
warrant should be held over until the case
in the Justices' Court was decided. The
gold watch and obain were held by him
under a garnishes order. The Judge
granted the request.
Merit Wlna Favor.
At this time, when tbe cry from all sides
is "hard times," it is refreshing to meet
with a concern plucky enough to push for
ward to greater success. We refer to the
New York Condensed Milk Co., manufac
turers of the justly famous Gail Borden
Eagle Brand Condensed Milk, which has
placed in operation four large manufactur
ing plants during the past twelve months.
This gives them altogether fifteen facto
ries, making the company the largest and
most important condensing company in
the world, possessing most of the borne
market and tbe largest share of the ex
port trade.
There is something besides pluck and
enterprise that has built np tbis enormous
business. The genuine merit of the Gail
Borden Eaj*le Brand Condensed Milk is
recognized by all intellieeni housekeepers
and has become a necessity in the home.
As an infant food it is without an equal
and the hundreds of thousands of children
successfully raised on it constitute testi
monials of merit which are available
everywhere. "Infant Health," a valuable
book of information for mothers, will be
sent free to all on application to the New
York Condensed Milk Company New
York City.
The Divorce Court*.
Otto Crossfield was yesterday granted a di
vorce from Addle M. Crossfield because of the
latter' s willful desertion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
HE ADVOCATES
A TRADE FIGHT,
Julius W. Raphael Sounds
a Warning to the
City.
COMMERCE OF THE FORT.
A Very Serious Question That
Demands Prompt Action
at Any Price.
WHAT HE SAW IN THE EAST.
The Enterpris'nj Merchant Discusses
Opportunities and Imminent
Dangers.
Julius W. Raphael, president of Ra
phael's (incorporated), the Kearny-street
clothing establishment, returned last
night from New York, where he had
Julius W. Raphael, President of Raphael's (Incorporated), Who Returned Yes
terday From New York.
[From a photograph. ]
been ou a visit, combining social calls on
his friends in Wall street and the whole
sale and manufacturing districts with
business. He felt fatigued after the jour
ney, but was ready to discuss questions of
vital interest to San Francisco and indeed
the Pacific Coast at large. '
Mr. Raphael is a keen observer, who
looks at questions involving commerce
and finance from the point of view of an
intelligent merchant and a student of
political economy. What he had to say
lasi night in the way of criticism, the di
r»ct result of his observations in the
centers of trade and finance of the coun
try, was full of interest.
More than ever before Mr. Raphael was
impressed with the absolute necessity of
Ban Franciscan? bestirring themselves for
self-preservation, and this was the logical
conclusion of clear, intelligent and sound
reasoning.
"My trip to New York," be said, whfle
adjusting himself to an easy-chair in bis
residence, out on Clay street, "was to
study the situation and to see how we can
better our trade interests In California.
While conferring with an intimate friend
of ruine — a banker on Wall street— about
Pacific Coast affairs, he said to me : 'You
are letting slip the commerce of the Pa«
cine through lack of energy on your part
to retain trade that was once yours.'
"We have always bad the Central
American trade, also of the Orient and
the Antipodes. Our best field is the yet
undeveloped commerce of Japan — the new
era dawning for Japan. The East is
rapidly making bids for this trade, but as
we have the port we should make the
greatest efforts, and our Chamber of Com
merce should dilate on it and fight for it."
"Have you heard of the proposed line of
Japanese steamers to San Diego?"
Mr. Raphael opened his eyes wide and
appeared astonished. The news was told
in The Call a few days before, and he
bad not heard it, having been on his way
home.
"There It is again!" ha exclaimed,
bringing his closed hand down on one
arm of the chair. "Our Chamber of Com
merce should take this matter up at once
and act on it promptly. San Francisco
should be the port for this iine of steam
ers. We should not let the trade of the
Pacific slip through our hands at any
price. But this is tue way it has been in
California — let everything past through
our fingers, expecting some good fairy to
come with a mystic wand to bring pros
perity. There is no port in tbe world like
fan Francisco. It is the second in im
portance as a port of entry in the United
States; bnt unless we are careful we'll lose
the second place. Notwithstanding all
the dullness, trade is better here than in
Chicago or New York, comparatively.
"The principal thine we have before us
to-day is to farther trade interests be
tween San Francisco and Central Ameri
can and Oriental ports. And the sooner
tnis is taken up and committees appointed
the better it will be for this coast. Old
Calif ornian methods must be abandoned;
business must be done on a closer margin.
We must at all times be the closest bidders.
Philadelphia has taken up tbis subject,
and is sending its- agents into Central
America, and thus tnking up the thread
of the Pan-American Congress left unfin
ished at ibe death of James G. Blame.
"It is a very important subject. The
port of San Francisco should not look de
serted as it did to-night on my entry. It
is only a lack of effort on our part to re
gain traffic.
"Chicago li simply at a standstill. New
York is waiting and doing little or nothing.
It is enough to give a mau the blues.
There will be no activity in business till
after the elections. Commercial paper
finds no buyers. Fully 60 per cent of the
woolen milisof the United States are shut
down and will not set up a loom till after
the election. I should recommend calling
in all the silver certificates (which are
payable at the option of the holder in gold
or silver) and also the cancellation of them.
Money-brokers collect these certificates
and present them at the treasury. They
are paid in gold and the certificates go
Into circulation again. It might not please
Wall street to cancel these certificates, but
it would relieve the United States from the
burden of issuing more bonds."
Transfer Dauiag* suit.
Another suit for damages, resultant upon
Superintendent Vining's absurd transfer rules
which were in force two months ago, was filed
yesterday. Frederick Wagner, who, on May
20, was ejected from a Castro-street car at the
corner of Market and Mason .streets for failing
to exchange a transfer check for a traimer,
and who was subsequently arrested on a
charge of assaulting the car conductor, prays
that he be awarded $5000 damages for being
ejected from the car and $25,000 damages for
malicioui prosecution.
At the trial in the Police Court, Wagner was
acquitted.
BAY FULL OF MELONS,
Boys Go Without the Ache-
Producing Green
Fruit
Billy Jordan Makes a Raid and Strews
the Brine With a Very Melan
choly Lot.
Forth fared Billy Jordan, Market In
spector, yesterday. Springy was his step
and alert all his senses. Dull ana
quiescent lay 800 watermelons in the zone
of vegetation extending southward from
Pacific street and eastward from Sausome.
The planets were in favorable conjunction
and led tbe Market Inspector onward. In
the 800 watermelons were the garnered
aches of 8000 small boys, ten to the melon,
I now latent but ready to put themselves in
active evidence — the aches and the boys.
The sad tea waves washed laz ily againit
the piers, whereto were moored stern
wheel steamers from "op the river." The
boats were laden with so many melons
that the 800 containing aches never would
be missed.
Early in his life Billy Jordan was young.
Years sat upon him lightly for he was
then slim. He ate, drank and was merry
with the fullness of the earth and his
digestion and general health were AAI,
Lloyd's rating. He was fond of water
melons and very likely knew that the best
: melons always grow in the middle of the
lot, a long distance from the fence. At ail
events he learned how to submit melons to
the "rattler test." He could shake a melon
and guess the number of seeds and divine
the thickness of the rind and tbe rer
centage of saccharine in the delicious pink
pulp. He became an expert with an inter-
State reputation in both Georgia and Ala
bama, the old-time domain par excellence
of the watery fruit
The story in this is that Billy Jordan
and the 800 wilted watermelons yesterday
came together with the certainty of at
i traction attending the magnet and tbe
needle. The melons shrank from official
observation with inward consciousness of
their own unworthiness. They knew, in
i point of fact, that they were back nnm
i bery. When they were broken open they
were not only insipid ; they contained
each an invitation to a Jamaica ginger and
painkiller dance. They reeked with mi
crobes and microcosms and things, and
when tney were discovered they faded to
shrimp pink. So 800 melons were thrown
in the bay and bobbed serenely seaward
on the ebb tide.
One hundred small boys tried to scoop
them in with nets or to spear them under
wharves, bat the fruit dodged succets
fully— most of it. But late last night
twenty children sat up with cramps and
twenty families made a nigntof it. I!
Billy Jordan had not acted tbe number
would have been multiplied many times.
The fruit was collected in various places
for condemnation. The word has gone
Jorth that in San Francisco none but the
best watermelons "need apply" for con
sumption.
A GREAT INVENTION
It Will Completely Revolu
tionize the Weaving
Trade.
ALEEADY IS OPERATION.
It Is Being Sought For by Large
Mil-Owners of Many
Countries.
Tbe weaving of fabrics of all kinds gives
employment, it is said, to more people
than any other one calling or trade known
to civilization, and for this reason it can
justly be classed as the leading industry of
the world. The truth of this assertion
will be more generally conceded when in
addition to the millions of people engaged
in tbe weaving trades consideration is
given toChe universal use of clothes and
fabrics throughout the entire world.
And yet in spite of this it is undoubtedly
the case that but a small percentage of
people outside of those engaged in the
business have any well-defined ideas as to
how cloth is woven. It is known in a
general way that weaving is done by
looms, but just how is something un
known to the masses.
It will, no doubt, tend to arouse among
the people of this coast and elsewhere as
well interest in looms and the methods
employed in weaving when it is learned
that a resident of California has recently
invented an attachment for looms that
will undoubtedly revolutionize the weav
ing trade, reduce tbe cost of fabrics and
clothes and place the name of the in
ventor in the lists of preat men of the age.
Like many other great inventions, it is
simple in construction and inexpensive to
manufacture and yet. remarkable as the
statement may seem, it lias been demon
strated that the use of this attachment on
looms will effect a saving of from 30 to 50
per cent in the cost of weaving. It does
tbe work dreamed about and sought for
during tbe past history of the loom. For
155 years the weft or filling thread has
been luid in the web by means of shuttle
and bobbin.
It has always been known to weavers
tbat the discovery of a mechanism that
would dispense with the bobbin and weave
witn a continual supply of weft would be
hailed with delight by every weaving
factory of the world, and such a discovery
would be tbe most useful and valuable in
vention of the century. The attachment
lately built and completed by tbe Hunt
Loom and Fabric Company accomplishes
all this, and its importance can therefore
be readily understood.
The mechanism of the attachment con
sists of a i-mall feeder 3 inches long by 2
inches wide, a little measuring device
made of two small hollow tubes and a pair
of niopers on each end of the carrier
(shuttle). All tnis is given motion by two
small cams about 2£ inches in diacieter.
The whole mechanism works with pre
cision, and it handles the thread as if it
had life and intelligence. ±ty its use the
loom weaves without interruption, and
while an old loom weaves sixty yards this
will weave 100 yards, and at about half tbe
cost.
It is a great labor-saving device, and it
is estimated that the application of these
attachments to looms will enable one
man to do the same work that now re
quires fifteen men. This alone effects a
wonderful saving in tbe cost of weaving,
and it is readily apparent that the uni
versal use of the device means a great sav
ing of money to the masses, for it will of
necessity greatly reduce the cost of manu
facturing cloths, and consequently lower
their cost to consumers.
Another great leature of this invention
is its low cost to manufacturers and its
adaptability to looms of all kinds. Esti
mates made by those who are willing to
contract lor the manufacture of the device
place the cost of building them in quanti
ties at $10 in California, |6 in Boston and
%o in England. The possibilities for profits
on this machine are enormous, as a few
figures will demonstrate. In the United
States there are about 1,000,000 looms in
operation, and each year this number is
increasing. In Europe tnere are about
14,000,000 looms, and in other parts of tbe
world there are in the neighborhood of
5,000,000, making a grand total in the
world of some 20,000,000 looms.
As tbe use of the attachment will effect
such a vast saving in the cost of weaving,
it will be readily understood that tbe
adoption of the attachment by one factory
will force others- to follow suit in order to
compete in the prices of their products.
As the invention has been patented in the
great weaving centers oi the world, it will
compel those utu'ne the attachment to pay
for t lie privilege of using it, and the com
pany introducing it is therefore bound to
reap a golden harvest by the universal
adoption of the device on the looms of tbe
world.
The office of the company is at room 4,
24 Montgomery street, in this city, where
it will remain as the work goes on of
supplying and placing the attachments in
the various weaving countries.
Tbe management is in tbe hands of men
who will work for the best interests of the
stockholders of tbe corporation.
In order to give the company sufficient
working capital and to place it in a posi
tion where it will not be compelled to ac
cept unfavorable contracts or agreements
it has placed upon the market 20,000
shares of stock and at this time the price
is $4 per share. A good portion of this
amount ba3 already been subscribed and
paid for. When that stock is sold no other
stock can be purchased at many times the
price of these shares. When these attach
ments are at work on a few mills even in
the United States— which will only take
two or three months — the value of the
shares must reach satisfactory figures.
These attachments will be either sold or
rented for a stipulated price per month. If
sold outright they would bring $30 each,
which would mean $20 profit on each
loom supplied. If rented at the nominal
rental of $2 per month for each loom it
would yield a rental of $24 per year from
each loom. With millions of looms to
supply it is only a simple question of
arithmetic to demonstrate that tbe attach
ment promises to be one of the most
profitable as well as tbe most valuable in
ventions of the age.
Already letters are beginning to pour in
upon the company from all parts of the
East as well as from England, Ireland.
France, Belgium, Germany and other
countries.
These letters come mainly from big mill
owners, who are anxious "to supply their
looms with these attachments.
Taken all in all tbe prospects for this
great inyention look exceedingly bright,
and tbe company is apparently about to
reap a golden harvest, and it will not be
many months till all stockholders in this
corporation will Ie that case participate in
large and frequent dividends.
Old Friends' Installation.
Norman Hall, on Bnsh street, was crowded
last night on the occasion of tbe installation
of the newly elected officers of the Society of
Old Friend*. The exercises were very inter
esting and the speeches of tho outgoing and
incoming officers eloquent and appropriate.
Tbe following named officers were installed:
Prestden t , Thomas Sawyer ; fl rst vice-president,
Dr. F. F. Lord ; second vice-president, E. F. Lor
qutr.; secretary. J. E. Bliukey; financial secre
tary, W. A.Scollay; treasurer, Charles Metz.er:
first •ergeant-at-arms, Martin Lindell: second
sergoant-at-arms. Mark. EttHng; marshal, M.
C. Brydges; master of ceremonies, Theo
dore G. Cockrlll; attorney, J. J. Coffey;
director of amusements, Harry Niemaa;
chaplain, Judge R. H. Taylor; commissary,
P. H.Hink; assistant commissary, C. G.But
ler; organist. Professor W. V. Plise; medical
examiner, Dr. B. H. Baumelster; druggist, D.
P. Rossi; undertaker, C. J. B. Metz.er; grave
digger. Aaron Meyer; photographer, William
Shew; historian, Minor Edwin Lewis; collect
ors—R. p. Lewis, Phil Uartman; carver at
bullshead breakfast, Jame* Packer; past presi
dent, J. A. Johnson: executive committee-
John Diemer, Judge Robert Ferral, Theo U.
Cockrill, Ernest Hermans, Judge A. Laidlaw,
C. W. Childs, P. H. Hink, Edwin Lewis, Judge
George H. Bahrs.
POLO PLAYERS' CHALLENGE.
Jhe California Cinb Ready to Meet th«
X-urlines.
In response to tbe challenge issued last
week by the Lurline Swimming Club to
play any other amateur swimming club of
the Pacific Coast polo for the J. D.
Spreckels trophy the California Swim
ming Club is out with an acceptance. Tbe
polo team of the California Club comprises
Captain R. B. Cornell; forward, Otto
Schulte; forward, L. Cooper; center, W.
F. Hundngton; left back, W. F. Atkin
son* right back, F. Sparrowe; goal-keeper,
L. Hasshagen; right guard, C. Harrison;
left guard, C. Kahn.
R. B. Cornell is acknowledged to be one
of tbe best polo players on the Pacific
Coast. He has distinguished himself as a
long-distance swimmer and as a high and
fancy diver. He says he is willing to meet
J. A. Geddes. captain of the Lurline Polo
Club, fora mile championship.
C. Kahn is the heaviest man in tbe team.
He weighs 275 pounds and no one dares to
go near him when he has the ball for fear
he will drown him.
Lot Cooper holds tbe distinction of being
the best high and fancy diver on the
coast.
The California Swimming Club is will
ing to match young Horthorn against Dan
Renear of the Lurline for a 100 yards for
the championship of the Pacific Coast.
L. Hasshagen, a native son, is the
amateur champion at seventy-five yards,
his record being 42% seconds. He uses an
odd sailor overhand stroke of great power.
He is also a high ana fancy diver.
W. F. Huntingdon Is a fine long-dis
tance, deep-sea swimmer, and is a power
ful polo player.
T. Sparrowe, W. F. Atkinson and C.
Harrison are all distinguished polo players
and are confident that they can win the
cup.
PAST ELECTION FRAUDS.
Communication From Max Pop
per to Be Sent to the
Grand Jury.
Protests, Written and Verbal, Sub
mitted to the Commissioners
Last Night.
The Poard of Election Commissioners
met last night when, among other mat
ters, it was decided to send a communica
tion from Max Popper to the Grand Jury
for action.
A protest was received from five resi
dents of the Eighth Precinct, Thirty -first
District, against the appointment of Frank
Haynes on the election board, as he was
not a resident in the City. Also against
the appointment of Samuel F. Thompson
on the ground that he was a member of
the election board last time and counte
nanced the extensive frauds at that elec
tion.
Citations were issued to the signers of
the protests to appear before the Commis
sioners to-night for exa ruination,
It having been reported that Max Pop
per and ex- Auditor Smiley had submitted
a blacklist to the commissioners J. H.
O'Brien, Buckley's lieutenant, appeared
and said it was understood that the Com
missioners would recognize both factions
of the Democracy. He never heard of any
blacklist, and it showed that Popper and
Smiley, by submitting such a list, wanted
to shut out the regulars.
The Commissioners promised O'Brien
that all would have an equal chance.
Then William Humphreys wanted the
regulars as well as the reformers repre
sented. He was proceeding to make a
speech when Commissioner Broderick cut
him short by informing him that if he had
any protest to make the Commissioners
would receive it in writing.
Max Popper sent in the following names
of those officers whom he considered ineli
gible to act on the election board:
D. Sherrin, First Precinct, Thirtieth
District, who had sworn tie lived at 903
Market street, but Popper claimed he did
not live there.
John Kelly, Thirteenth Precinct,
Twenty-ninth District, who he claimed
was not a Democrat.
Samuel F. Thompson, Eighth Precinct,
Thirty-rim district, who he claimed was a
Republican.
The following communication was
handed to the Commissioners from Max
Popper:
I deem it eminently proper to apprise your
board that Mr. Sfcwell of the First Precinct of
the Twenty-ninth District, tne gentleman
heretofore objected to owing to his unfor
tunate experience with an irregular hoard of
election in the past, now states who the
culprits were that consummated the fraudu
lent work. Furthermore he has mentioned
that they are now employes engaged as Re
publican and Democratic officers respectfully
On motion of Commissioner Block the"
communication was referred to the Grand
Jury.
Killing; Diseased Cows.
The health authorities proceeded with the
killing of the cows of the Swiss Alpine Dairy
yesterday,eighthead being slaughtered and ex
amined to see that the Government tubercalin
test haa been correct in the showing made. The
autopsy in each case proved Deyond a doubt
that every cow condemned was diseased, k
fine bull killed with the rest was the least af
fected. The slaughtering will go on until the
entire thirty-eight cows are killed.
wff to-pat:
CLOSED
Our store will be
closed to-morrow
(Friday) to make
- preparations for
our yearly Sum-
mer ,!•
CLEARANCE SALE.
See Saturday morn-
ing papers for as-
■; . tounding : bargains
in shoes. . -
Kastts
738-740 Market St.
"CLEANLINESS IS NAE PRIDE, DIRT'S NAE HONESTY."
COMMON SENSE DICTATES THE USE OF
SAPOLIO
SINGLE-TAXERS
TO WORK HERE,
Big Towns of the State
Will Be Stumped for
the Cause.
LEADERS IN MEETING.
Congressman Magnire and Dr.
Law to Be Among the
Speakers.
AN EDUCATIONAL MOVEMENT.
Ralph E. Hoyt, Veteran Journalist,
Arrives Fresh From the Dela
ware Campaign.
The single-taxors are preparing to begin
a campaign in this State to educate tbe
people In single-tax principles.
Ralph E. Hoyt of Los Angeles, a veteran
journalist, just returned from Delaware,
where he spent nearly two months in
studying and reporting the recent single
tax movement in that State, arrived at
the Baldwin yesterday from the south.
"I have come here," he said, "to se«
Congressman Maguire, whose acquaint
ance I formed recently in Delaware while
I was engaged as correspondent for the
Los Angeles Herald and the Chicago
Record. My visit is purely on political
business. lam here to have a conference
with Judge Maguire and Joseph Leggett
in the interest of the single- lax move
ment.
"Meetings will very soon be held in this
City, In Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento
and Santa Rosa, at which Maguire will be
one of tbe speakers. I shall tell what is
going on in Delaware, where I did some
campaign work in addition to my writing.
"Dr. R. 8. Law of San Francisco, bnt
now in Montana on h.s way from tbe
East, will soon be here, and he, too, will
speak at these meetings.
"It is purely an educational movement
that is contemplated. No ticket is con
templated—that is, so far as I know, for I
have not yet talked with tbe others about
the best plan to pursue.
"We want to convince the people of the
logic of onr principles, which are not par
tisan, but purely economic.
••One of the chief ideas in view is to
impress the citizens of California witn tbe
advantage and the fairness of local
option.
"As for myself, I am not a partisan pol
itician. I was a Republican, bat I am a
single-taxer and act independently. How
many single-taxers there are in the United
States Ido not know. I could not even
hazard a guess; but I venture to say that
if a census of single-taxers were taken
their number would surprise the natives."
HEW TO-DAT.
No-To-Bac IMs Nerves.
Lost Life- Force Restored and
Shattered Nerve - Power
Quickly Repaired.
The Tobacco Vice Undermines Vigor
and Vitality — Nervous . Prostra-
tion, General Debility Mean
Tobacco Nerve-Poisoning.
Tobacco-using is a reckless waste of lift
force, money and manhood.
It is a dirty, nasty, men-wrecking disease,
and every tobacco-user knows it.
1 The tobacco-user's nerve* are shattered and
broken, his life is grolncr out of him, he's losing
his grip, but Ko-To-Bac, the strongest, quickest
nerve tonic in the - world, braces his brain,
nourishes his nerves, kills nicotine, make*
manhood. Summer smoking shortens life.
If yon want to quit tobacco, gain strength,
weight, vitality— . ■.- ■
If you want all the time to look, feel and act
like a man —
, Take No-To-Bac! Get a cure or your money
back. Over 400,000 have been cured, and
minions use No-To-Bac to regulate tobacco-
using, or purely for its wonderful powers as a
nerve tonic and stimulant. • • r ~
If your nerve and heart action is weak, no
matter what the cause, take No-To-Bac.
-Sold and guaranteed by druggists every-
where. Our famous booklet, "Don't Tobicco
Spit and Smoke Your Life Away," written
guarantee and tree sample mailed for the ask-
ing. Address Tno Sterling Remedy Co., Chit
ca» o, Montreal or New York. X
"1 8 THE VERY BEST O.VB TO EX AM
your eyea and flt tn«m to Spectacles and K/e-
-»i;tso< with instruments of his ova laveaUaa.
■ wkeaeanperiorlty has not beea equaled Mjr «M>
mshas b««u due to tne menu at ua w>»fc
onto Moots— xa to 4r. v. ■
'^f^BßßS^^StnOt Big Gis a non-pofsonons
' 4&ffßtESP m^ m *OS&f& remedy for Oonorrhcea,
IV^CL T HEb^H| Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
f&gjj in 1 to 6d»79.^8i Whites, unnatural dls-
usrvt Qu»r»ntte<i yk charges, or any infiamma-
K**af not to itrioittre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
gJjg|Pr«»tnM contacted. tion of mucous mem-
BaTITHtEvW3 ChemicuCo. branes. Non-tstringenf.
VgA CINCINNATI, 0 ■ I Sold by *>ruesiMta,
C. 8. x BT°r *ent in plain wrapper,
<'-'Wh^ J^M by exprcKS, prepaid. f-.r
; - HUatfff «°M 1 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles, &.7\
-m ""■^nfjiT^V ■ Circular sent or - tvaat.
JkiMLWM WIL,COX COMPOUND
TTANSYo PILLS
ANSY9P/LLS
B ** 9lll SURE. Always reliable. Take
BOtObttitute. Forsalebyalldnisßists. Bend
for Woman* Safeguard. WII.COX SPECIFIC
CO.. XU BOOTH EIGHTH BT.. PHILAPA.. PA.
COSMOPOLITAN, i
Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and 10 Fifth eWSM
>ranclsco, CaL— Th» moat select family hotel I a
lie city. Board anl room. $1, *1.25 aadfl 5Jp«;
Cay, according to room. - Meals 23a Boom* jJj
and 760 a day. *'*•• coach to' an£ from tue a<M«. ■
Leo*, tortaecoaaa beartnx tbe name oi ta« Uo*»
■K>pout»n Mows*. ■■ v. it fAUSV. iTogrietae, .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOKSET-AT
VlawkDd Notary Public, 63d Market atT ocaal
Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Kealdaoo* ItUJ
i-ellet Telephone: -«ac" Us»i. ***" aw " *»FOR THE SAFETY
OF THE SCHOOLS,
Measures Against Disease
Adopted by School
Directors.
MUST BE QUARANTINED
A Certificate From the Health
Officer to Be a Ne
cessity.
ECONOMY BEGINS ITS REIGN.
Numerous Changes Made at the
Special Meeting Last
Evening.
Dr. Clinton presented a resolution at the
meeting of the Board of Education last
evening intended to prevent the spread of
contagious diseases in the public schools.
It was adopted as follows:
No pupil or teacher afflicted with consump
tion, contagious impetigo, ringworm or
ophthalmia, or in whose residence there is
any one sick with diphtheria, smallpox,
mea-les, scarlet, typhoid or typhus fevers,
chicken-pox or scabies, shall attend school
without a certificate from the attending physi
cian, countersigned by the Health Officer,
that all danger of contagion is past.
Miss M. E. Robertson, principal of the
Le Conte Prima ry School, who is now vis
iting relatives at Johannesburg, South
Africa, sent in her resignation, which was
accepted.
A communication was received from the
Building Trades Council, stating that
William O'Donneil, William O'Brien and
F. Sehultz had been appointed a commit
tee to appear before tbe board and request
that all contracts upon school buildings be
awarded in favor of union labor.
The report of the Classification Commit
tee was adopted, as follows:
That a new class be formed in the North Cos
mopolitan School; that Mi?s Forest A. Gilmore,
assistant tencher in the Lonefellnw Primary
School, be transferred to the list of unassigned
teachers ; mat at the begin uinsc of the term an
evening class te formed in the Richmond
Primary School; that an evening class' be
formed in the Franklin School ; that an un
graded class be established on the San Bruno
road, near the Six-mile House, at the begin
ning of the nest term ; that Miss 11. E. McLane,
teacher in the Irving Primary School, be trans
ferred to the Garfield Primary School;
That Miss Kate H. Crotrley, teacher in the Lin
coln Evening School, be trnnsferred to the
Charge of the new evening class in the Rich
mond Primary School; that Miss H. B. Fair
weather, an unassigned teacher in the depart
ment, be assigned to the Starr King Primary
Bcnool; that Miss Margaret Fttzgeraid, an un
assigned teacher in the department, be as
signed to the North Cosmopolitan Grammar
School to take charge of the new class; that
FranK Stringham of the evening substitute
class, be assigned to the business evening
scbool, to take effect on August 3 next; that
the name of the Bernal Heights Primary
School be changed to the Winthrop Primary
School to take effect on August 3; that the
name of the South Cosmopolitan Grammar
bchool be changed to the Adams Cosmopolitan
Grammar School.
Dr. Clinton offered a resolution that was
carried, providing for the opening of
junior high school classes in the Mission
schools at the beginning of the next term.
Mrs. H. B. Steele was reappointed a
teacher of history from August 1, 1896, to
January 1, 1897, at a salary of $100 per
month.
Miss May Soule was elected a member
of tbe day-substitute class.
The position of teacher of elocution In
the Girls' High School was abolished and
Miss Leila E.lis, the incumbent, was dis
missed, the board having no further use
for her services.
L. A. Jordan, whose term of »ervice as
teacher of puysics in the department
terminates on August 3 next, was assigned
to the position formerly held by him as
assistant teacher in the Washington
Grammar School.
Miss Ada M. Fiala, assistant teacher in
the Washington Evening School, was ap
pointed to the position of vice-principal of
that school at a salary of $60 per month.
R. Herrold and L. Christie, special
teachers in the Lincoln Evening School,
were temporarily suspended from their
positions, to take effect on August 1.
Under the rule that teachers who marry
forfeit their positions, Mrs. A. Marquis,
formerly Miss Alice H. Metcalf, was dis
missed from her position in the Haight
Primary School.
It was decided to open an evening class
in the Mission Grammar School at the be
ginning of the next term and place Selden
Sturges in charge at a salary of $10 per
month additional.
UNCLE SAM A LOSER.
The Government Now Proposes to Stop
Promiscuous Letter- Writing of '
. Railroad Employes.
Uncle Sam has determined to put a stop
to the promiscuous letter-writing indulged
sin by;, railroad employes: 1 ; Heretofore it
lias been the custom to allow letteis per
taining to • railroad affairj to* be trans
mitted (ree. /It seems that this courtesy
has been imposed upon to the extent of
$250,000 a year. The department has had
the matter under advisement for some
time, and yesterday Inspector-in-charge
Munro received the following notice: '.-, ■ ,' .
Office of the Postmaster-General, )
Washingion, D. C, July 2, 1896. \
Order No. 422. . ; '
Whereas, It has been made to appear, upon
evidence satisfactory to the Postmaster-Gen
eral, that officers and employes of the railway
companies throughout the United. States are
in tiie habit of sending and carrying over their
various lines le tiers outside the mails and not
inclosed- in Government stamped envelopes
and which do not pertain to the cargo being
carried on the train; and whereas, the carry-
Ing of such letters outside the mails is in
direct violation of sections 3985 and 3993 of
the Revised Statutes of . the United States,
which read em follows:
• Sec. 3985. No stagecoach, railway-car, steam
boat or other vehicle or vessel which. regularly
performs trips at stated periods on any post route,
or from »ny city, town or place to »ny other city,
town or place, between which tne mall is regularly
carried, shall. carry, otherwise than in the mall,
any letters or packets, except ouch, as relate to
some part of the cargo of such steamboas or other
vessel, or to some article carried at the same time
by the same stagecoach, ratlwaycar or other vehi
cle, except as provided in section 3993; and for
every offense tbe owner of tbe stagecoach, rail way
car, steamboat or other vehicle or vessel shall be
liable to a penatyof C 100: and the driver, con
ductor, master or other person having charge
thereof, and not 'at the same time owner of . tbe
whole or . any part thereof, shall for ■ every such
offense be liable to a penalty of #50. . , ■
(MO. 3903. All letter* Inclosed In stamped ■ en
velopss, if tbe postage stamp is of a denomination
sufficient to v cover v the -postage that would bo
chargeable thereon If the same were sent by mall,
may be * sent, conveyed and delivered otherwise
than by mall, provided such envelope be duly di
rected and properly sealed, so that i be letter can
not betaken therefrom without defacing the en
velope, and the date of the letter or of the trans
mission or receipt thereof . shall be written ,or
stamped upon the envelope. . But the Po.umaster-
General may suspend tbe operation of this section
upon any mail route where the public Interest
may require such suspenslozk~sStM(|H{ft
I therefore notify all railroad officials and
employes that these sections of the Revised
Statutes will be rigidly enforced, and all par
ties detected in their violation, whether officers
of the railway companies, conductors on
trains, . baggage-masters. brakemen or other
employes, will be prosecuted for such viola
tion. . - , .i/;
All inspectors of ; the : Postomea * Department
are instructed to keep careful watch and arrest
any person canght carrying letters In violation
of these statutes. Wm. L. Wilsox,
Postmaster-General.
INSURANCE CHANGES.
New Manager* Are Appointed for Three
of 'th* Local Fire
■ Cfflces.
L. B. Edwards and F. C. Argali have
been appointed general managers of the
lire insurance companies formerly repre
sented by Balfour, Guthrie <fe Co. in this
City.
Manager Sp«ncer, who had charge of
the business of these companies, retired to
the take position of one of the general man
agers of the Etna Insurance Company of
Hartford, Conn. In this position he suc
ceeds T. E. Pope, who withdr«w that he
could take the management of the local
office of the Pennsylvania Company of
Philadelphia. Mr. Spencer's change is a
return to the office in which he learned
the insurance business.
The concerns that will hereafter be man
aged by Messrs. Edwards and Argali are
tne American of Newark, N. J.. the Cale
donian of Edinboro, Scotland, and the
Manchester of Manchester, England.
Every change in the local field of fire in
surance is watched by tbe men engaged
in that business with more than ordinary
interest, for in the present demoralized
condition ol Insurance affairs in San Fran
cisco nobody seems to know what concern
is about to retrench or withdraw.
Salve fur an Injured Leg.
Orson C. Benjamin, formerly a shipping
clerk in the employ of K. B. Joyce & Co., has
sued that firm ior $10,000 damages for injuries
recsived by reason of being knocked down by
a gasoline tank being loaded on a wagon at
Mission wharf 1. He claims that the ac
cident, which resulted in a compound fracture
of one of his legs, was due to the carelessness
of defendants. The mishap occurred on April
3, 1896.
E. G. Grimwood, Chemist for the San Francisco Gas Light Company, Giving
His Fellow Members of tbe Pacific Coast Gas Association an Exhibition of
the Cathode Ray.
TO BENEFIT SAILORS.
The Department Furnishes an
Elaborate Device to Preserve
Their Records.
After October i Only American Citi-
Zens May Be Employed as
Engineers.
The local United States Shipping Com
missioner has been notified by the Trea ury
Department that in future ail Feamen will
be provided with a leather pocket-book in
which to carry all records relating to
voyages, time discharged, etc. To those
unacquainted with "Jack's" peculiar ways
the new regulation seems of little or no
value. When it is known, however, that
sailors almost invariably lose their certifi
cate of discharge, which embraces certifi
cate of character and seamanship, the
value of the new ruling will be teen. The
following 18 self-explanatory :
Tbeaottry Department, )
Hukkai: or Navigation, V
Washington, D. C, July 16, 1986. J
United States Shipping Commhsioner, San
Francisco, Ual.— Sib: I transmit uuder another
cover 450 copies of a seaman's record-book
I issued by this bureau. The general object of
| the book and the method of distribution are
set forth In the note Inside the front cover.
A noiioe should be posted In your office stat
ing: "Any seaman may obtain upon applica
tion to tbe Commissioner and upon presenting
a discharge a record-book in which to keep
• his discbarges and bis record. Tbe book
; should be preserved."
Tbe purpose of this book is to improve the
\ morale ol merchant seamen, if practicable, by
; rendering simple a preservation of tbelr rec
ords. Incidentally such records may be of
service in securing employment. You are re
; quested to use your b«st efforts to promote the
success of the project.
Blank certificates of American citizenship
I referred to will bo forwarded to you when re
ceived from the printer. The distribution of
1 the record-book upon application 6hould not
i be delayed until the certificates have been re
! ceived. BespectfuJly yours.
£. T. Chamberlain, Commissioner.
I Under this system sailors will bo in a
; position to produce' at a moment's notice
! a record of every trip made. This will be
l of almost incalculable benefit to them.
j particularly to that class who are content
{ to make only one trip and then take a
I rest. During this rest tbe certificate is
I lost and the vessel on which poor Jack
| Jast sailed has departed for some foreign
] port. Without a character and recom
mendation as to capacity a seaman finds
it a hard job to secure another birth.
Beginning October 1. the department
will enforce the law passed by the last
Congress concerning the employment of
only American citizens as engineers. It
is estimated that fully one-half of tbe en
gineers now sailing from the several ports
of this country are foreign born.
Broke His Log.
; /Philip Tailiebet, milkman, 430 . Turk street,
was taking a can full of milk out of his wagon
yesterday morning, when it slipped out of his
hand and fell 1 across his right leg.breaking
.both bones. He was taken to . the Receiving
Hospital. ,: ;•■;,;: ■y-i.- "-{;•:. ■•■,. ■:■■-■ -,:■ ..
_• — ♦_- •
Tax King of Pill's Is Beecham's— Bicechak's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
THEY USED THE
CATHODE RAY.
Second Day's Meeting of
the Pacific Coast Gas
Association.
BRIGHT ACETYLENE GAS
The Most Brilliant Illumioating
Fluid That Has Ever Been
Discovered.
FOtJBTH ANNUAL BANQUET.
The Members Read Papers Daring
the Day, and at Night They Feast
at the Palace.
The members of the Pacific Coast Gas
Association have spent two entire days of
their fourth annual meeting reading decu-
ments and papers calculated to enlighten
the listeners as to how to utilize the
refuse matter incidental to the making of
gas.
The enriching of gas— that is, the ink
ing of more candle-power into it— was alro
touched upon, but in the past for y-eight
hours not a single thing has been broacned
on the subject of reducing gas rates.
The gentlemen of the association repre
sent the beads of most of the gas com
panies of the extreme West and they are
over 100 strong at this year's meeting.
The principal paper rend yestrrdny was
by John A. Britton of Oakland on the
"Municipal Ownership" of gas plants. It
is a clever document deprecating the fact
that any municipality should even think
of eoing into tbe illuminating business.
Mr. Britton's argument is based pri
T P paOKER
irnv M . OKI I lUN •
Leading Members of the Pacific Coast Gas Association T. it. larker, the
Incoming President; E. c. Jones, the Retiring President; John a. Britton,
Re-elected Secretary ; Joseph B. Crockett, President of the San Francisco Gas
Light Company.
marily on his declaration as a fact that
governments first wait for individuals to
take tbe risk of establishing a plant, and
then virtually confiscate the same by tak
ing charge without first paying a sum of
money equivalent to its cost and the busi
ness risk taken by its originators.
Secondarily, Mr. Pritton advanced the
idea which hasvrown gray with the people
who are against Government ownership of
railways— that such institutions can be
run cheaper by private corporations.
Papers were read on "Water Gas," by
Charles F.Adams of Portland; "Wrin
kles," by T. R. Parker of Napa, and •'Ex
periences," by John Clements of Red
Bluff.
Tne most entertaining features of the
day were an exhibition of the cathode ray
and the illuminating of the room by use of
acetylene gas generated in the presence of
the members assembled. Tbe latter exhi
bition carried out the current ot the two
days' session — how little these gas-pro
ducers know about their business and now
poorly the consumers are bein^ served.
Tli2 acetylene gas is a revelation as an
illumination fluid. Bat few of the mem
bers present had ever seen it, and the lay
men blinked and wiped their eyes after
staring in wonder at its brilliancy.
A miniature gas-tank in one corner of
the ineeting-roora was used to hold tbe
gas. The gas was manufactured by plac
ing a few lumps of calcic carbide into a
half-rallon bottle and dropping water
upon them. The gas escaped through a
tube into tbe tank, and at will was turned
into the pipes terminating in ordinary
pas jets.
J|An ordinary 5-foot burner giving out
say a 24-car.dle light seemed like nothing
alongside of the new gas, which gave a
240-candle power.
Acetylene cas was discovered quite acci
dentally about two years ago at Spray,
South Carolina, by a man named Wilson.
He was engaged at reducing aluminum,
and was using a compound of coal and
lime. A chunk of this being in his way
he tossed it into a bucket of water, an J
immediately a mal-odorous gas began bub
bling out. He gathered, this gas and
liahted it, when it dawned unon him that
he. Nad discovered the best illuminator
] ever known. •
The only difficulty • met with so far
[ which has retarded acetylene from being
; extensively used is that it costs about $75
per ton to make the compound of coal and
I lime. In time this will certainly be over
came. . . . . .
J. B. Grimwood, the youthful but learned
; chemist- of the San Francisco Gas Light
i Company, introduced the assemblage to
| the ti«» of the cathode ray.
I Hepaed a button, which the associa
-"->■ °-»-WOCKeTT»
i\.. JONtj <*i^mi_ u j-
tion members wear in the lapel of their
coats, in the center of a memorandum
book. It was hidden from view by twenty
sheets of writing paper and two layers of
leather. Being placed on a sensitive plate
and given a ten minutes' exposure to the
X ray a negative was produced showing
the button's contour and the apparently
transparent notebook.
The apparatus used appeared simple
enough. There was an induction coil,
greatly resembling an immense spool,
such as thread is wound upon. It was
probably about two feet long and six
inches in diameter. By means of this a
40,000 volt power was had leading into a
bulb-like tube with two platinum caps.
That nearest the coil is named the anode
ray and from it a greenish flash illumined
the interior of the bulb, just as flickering
of lightning is witnessed in stormy
weather off the horizon.
The further cap is where the X ray ex
udes, ana this is quite invisible. Yester
day the object photographed was placed
immediately under tbe X ray, about seven
inches distant.
Mr. Grimwood also entertained those
present with a view from his fluorcscope.
This queer-shaped affair, fitting closely to
the observer's face, mnst be placed as near
as possible to the X-ray bulb. Any ob
ject siKh as a man's hand or arm may be
placed between the two and a perfect view
obtained of the bones, joints or any for
eign body therein. With this fluoro
scope one can look right through the body
of another person.
At the close of yesterday's meeting E.
C. Jones, the retiring president of the as
ecciation, was presented with a beautiful
album containing tbe portrait of every
member.
Last evening a grand banquet was held
in the conservatory at the Palace Hotel.
Joseph B. Crockett, the toastmaster,
called upon the following gentlemen, who
responded: R. P. Greer, "Dancing in
Samoa," with illustrations; John L.
Howard, "The Improvement of Municipal
Officers"; George C. Hoiberton, "The
Action of the X ray on Stones." Toasts
were also responded to by M. C. Osborne,
O; M. Gregory, S. B. Gushing and others.
Among the guests present were:
Joseph B. Crockett, E. C. Jones, T. R. Parker,
F. H. Eichbaum, Charles F. Adams, A. K.
Campbell, D. J. Collins, George Thompson, E.
E. Ewing, O. If. Gregory, CM. Osborne, Henry
E. Adams, John L. Howard, Andrew Carrigan,
G. W. Wilson, C. Froelich, S. B. Cushing, G. H.
Tiiylor, George C. Hoiberton, J. B. Grimwood,
John A. Britton, John Clements, R, P. Greer,
Dr. M. C. Peel, P. Meyer, J. W. Thomas, T.
Thompson, S. Guthrie, B. A. Kflight, A. J.
Vanderwhite, R. M. Powers, C. M. Converse.
ALL READY FOR WORK.
New Officers of the Produce
Exchange Take
Hold.
Large Attendance at tbe Annual
Meeting and Much Interest
Manifested.
The officers elected to direct the affairs
of the Produce Exchange for the ensuing
year were properly installed at the annual
meeting held yesterday.
The committee appointed to draw up
resolutions of respect to the memory of
H. E. Trubenbach, deceased, reported.
The new president, A. Gerberding, w»3
introduced by the retiring president, who
spoke in effect as follows:
Gentlemen: 1 would that the man chosen
at our last annual election were here to round
out his term of office by submitting to you the
usual report. The demise of our honored presi
dent,.W. A. Ilolcomb, not only deprived this
exchange of the counsel of an intelligent
guiding mind, but caused each and every
member to feel the loss of a generous friend.
But yesterday we mourned tne death of
Director H. E. Trubenbach, and this loss is
still fresh in our minds.
During the past year we paid on our In
debtedness tbe sum of $55»70, leavinr us still
owing $40,000, for which we have 2051 shares
of Merchant."' Exchange Association stock out
of a total of 2431 issued.
I would also call your attention to the flat
tering increase in the amount received for
inspection fees. This was owing principally to
the inspection of whole cargoes of wheat
shipped to Australia and South Africa, and I
must congratulate the trade upon once more
entering these markets, which have been
closed to us since 1890. In this connection I
canuol too highly commend the management
of ouf Inspection department, which has made
our certificates respected to the direct advan
tage of our members in all foreign commercial
ceuters.
The value of your seat* in this exchange has
gradually declined considerably below the in
trinsic value oi a one-two-hundred ths interest
of our holdings of Merchants' Kxcnauge stock.
This Is naturally to be deplored and on the
surface would seem to be an obstacle easily
overcome. But a little thought must convince
us all that the price of our seats, like the price
of everything else, is subject to that old law of
supply and demand. We have istued 200 cer
tificates.
Now, if business conditions were such that
In this community there were 210 men de
sirous of transacting business on tue floor of
this exchange, seats would probably be worth
from $'2500 ios3ooo, and any q-.ie-stion ol in
trinsii; value In connection with Merchants'
Exchange stock would be lost sight of, As
matters standto-day.it is evident there are
not 200 merchants over-anxious to avail
themselves of the benefits of membership, and
In consequence seats go begging. Many plans
to have the exchange buy and retire a given
number of seats have been suggested, but up
to date tbe attorneys for the board have been
unable to find a law under which tne ex
change as such can legally do so.
In common wiih the grain trade throughout
the world our business lor the past yenr has
been unsatisfactory, out nu improvement can
be expected when we fairly begin to move the
bountiful crops now being harvested. The
most serious obstacle to a goneral revival of
business has been and still Is the uncertainty
of our National financial system, bat honesty
and integrity must ultimately prevail. These
Tinted States will keep in touch with the en
lightened commercial nations of the world,
and that question once settled confidence will
be restored and prosperity follow as an inevi
table result.
In conclusion I desire to thank my fellow
directors for their courtesy and assistance
during our term of office, ana I cannot too
highly commend your secretary and cashier
for their efficient services. Respectfully sub
mitted.
DICKINSON ON POLITICS,
The Assistant United States
Attorney- General T
Here.
Is a Democrat, but Says Populists
Would Be Foolish to Indorse
Bryan.
J. M. Dickinson, Assistant United States
Attorney-General, arrived here yesterd ay
from the Northwest, after a visit to Yel
lowstone Park. Tacoma and Portland.
"I have always wanted to see Califor
nia," said he yesterday at the Palace
Hotel, "and as I had time I came. I have
been sort of out in tbe woods during all
the conventions and 1 have thought little
about either business or politics, as I have
been traveling simply for pleasure.
"I am a sound-money Democrat. Tenn
essee, i think, will probably go Demo
cratic from the fact that there the Demo
cratic party is strongest.
"The Populists would be foolish to in
dorse Bryan. They would lose their indi
viduality by io doing. When they in
dorse another party's candidate they lose
their reason for existence as a party.
Bryan cannot promise them anything and
still retain the support of Democrats."
Mr. Dickinson was appointed a year ago
one of the four assistant attorney-gen
erals. For twenty years before that he was
a lawyer in Nashville.
He will be here for several days snd will
visit Del Monte before going to Southern
California. He expects to be in Washing
ton by August 1.
_^^ ■ '.-.-■. NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
"—— fxioivc ■bra;.-: ' ■
GREAT SACRIFICE SALE!
As samples of the DAILY SPECIAL REDUCTIONS that are con-
stantly adding to the popularity and success of our GREAT JULY
SACRIFICE SALE we present a few of
TO-DAFS CLEARANCE OFFERINGS !
■j|: HANDKERCHIEFS!
jAJt B Cents Sacli. '
1900 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular price $1 50 per dozen, will be closed out at 5c each.
LADIES' CAPES.
-A.* $1.00.
LADIES' CAPES, made of light tan cloth, prettily braided, ruche neck, lined through-
out with light blue, worth $6, reduced to $1 90 each.
At. 01. eo.
LADIES' CAPES, made of tan, black and navy Broadcloth, pointed collar, trimmed
with several rows of narrow braid in contrasting shades, niching of ribbon at neck
worth $6, reduced to $190 each.. «,;;:
At 61.90.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, made of navy, tan and black Broadcloth, handsomely
braided, rolling collar, worth $6, reduced to $1 90 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
.A.* 23 Cents.
LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, 8-button length, colors tan and mode (broken
sizes), worth regular $1, will be closed out at 250 a pair.
' At SB Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, colors tan and brown, also black worth regular
$1, will be closed out at 55c a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 5 Cents.
3-INCH DOUBLE-FACED SAI IN RIBBON, in dark colors, ralue 25c, will be closed
out at 5c a yard.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS !
- At 4O Cental.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in black only, value 75c, will be closed out at 40c.
SCARFS AND WINDSOR TIES!
JSL.~t IO Cents.
25 dozen 5x38 ALL-SILK WINDSOR TIES, in dark stripes and figured, regular price
25c, will be closed out at 10c. ->;;i Hay ; . f , . ,
At IS Cents.
150 dozen 6x41 ALL-SILK WINDSOR TIES, in plaids, stripes, figured and Dresden
effects, regular price 35c, will be closed out at 15c.
. At IS Cents.
175 dozen 7^x47 LADIES', REEFER SCARFS, in opera shades, plaids, stripes and
Dresdens, regular price 50c. will be closed out at 15c
. ■ • At 25 Cents. .' : '
85 dozen 6x45 DE JOINVILLE SCARFS, in Persian, Dresden, light, medium and dark
'■■ effects, regular price 75c, will be closed out at 25c. %
NOTE— We mention exact length and width of these goods, so that they may
.stand a more favorable comparison.
SILKS! SILKS! SILKS!
.At 8S Cents ex, ~S~ax»<3L.
750 yards 24-INCH FIGURED AND STRIPED EVENING SILKS, regular price $L
will be closed out at 25c a yard. . '
/m/Bf*^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
§mi M Market street comer of ]w&, /
\Jr [m Mlul&Ol OllOul, uUlliGr (II utliiuiL g
OA3XT S*RAKraZfIICO.
m m greatest Highest Smallest M
eg Quantity. Quality., Price._ v D
% PLUG I
W. The largest piece of strictly fi
m high grade tobacco ever sold for jjj
m the - price* ; Not the large 1 size of : m
B the piece alone that has made q
y| "Battle Ax '"" the most popular 15
5[ brand on the market for JO cents, %
I : QUALITY; SIZE; PRICE. 5
910
QUARRELING IN
THE QUARANTINE,
State and National Medi
cal Officers Dis
agree.
WHO IS PARAMOUNT 1
Not Even the President Could
Visit a Quarantine
Station.
VARIOLOID AT ANGEL ISLAND.
A Vessel With Disinfecting Plant to
Be Established Near Cali
fornia City.
Vaccination is in order on the Pacific
Mail dock at present and everybody there
has a sore arm or is trying to get one.
When the China arrived from the Orient
last Bunday the captain, officers, crew and
passengers proudly exhibited their vaccine
scars and straightway the wharf was filled
with thoughts sanitary. Then rrom Vice-
President Schwerin down all hands lined
up in the company surgeon's office for
treatment. Captain Anderson's arm has
"taken" beautifully, wnile Captain Bing
ham and Chief Engineer Hawxhurst are
doing as well as could be expected. Cus
toms Inspector Sprague and Police Cor
poral Cockrill joyfully state that they can
not lift their sore arms high enough to
take a drink of water.
Yesterday morning State Quarantine
Officer Chalmers reported to the Board of
Health that he visited Angel Island tbe
evening before to see the smallpox patient
— a Chinese steerage passenger — now at the
quarantine station and that Dr. Rosenau,
the surgeon in charge, had refused to let
him do so. The board notified Dr. Chal
mers that hia duty in the matter was plain
and that in any event no person must be
landed from tne quarantine station until
tbe proper time and all sanitary condi
tions had been complied with.
"I cannot understand why Dr. Rosenau
should refuse to let Dr. Chalmers, the
State Quarantine Officer, visit the patient,"
said Dr. Hart of the board yesterday. "It
is common courtesy among physicians to
exhibit cases, and I would never refuse to.
let a professional brother see any of my
patients if he so desired. However, Dr.
Chalmers has full power to act in regard
to the landing of the Chinese passengers
from Angel Island, and there is no. doubt
ttiat Dr. Rosenau will see that there is no
disease among them and that all precau
tions are taken before he considers the
question of their release from quarantine.
They must all remain there at least iour
teen days from to-day or longer if any
more cases are found."
i)r. Chalmers stated last night that he
Blight not be able to visit Angel Island,
but no Chinese should be landed in this
City from that quarantine station until he
was perfectly satisfied that there was no
contagion among them.
"I do not question Dr. Kosenau's abil
ity or judgment," he said, "but as the
State Quarantine Officer, I must see for
myself."
Yesterday morning Dr. Blue, the United
States marine surgeon, in charge of the
National quarantine tug Steinberg,
steamed over to Aneel Island. He did
not go ashore, but talked with Dr. Rose
pau from the deck of the vessel. He was
informed by Bosenau that it was a case
of varioloid and that the Chinaman had
been discovered when the eruptions had
appeared on his face. He was imme-
GENERAL WADE HAMPTON.
diately isolated and the other passengers
fumigated. If any more cases are found
tliey will be treated in like manner.
"While a varioloid case is only a mild
form of the disease," said he, "an un
vaccinated person may catch genuine
smallpox from the contact. But as all of
these passengers were vaccinated at Yoko
hama almost three weeks ago, nothing
more serious than varioloid can appear
amon? them. This man undoubtedly had
the mild lever of varioloid when the
China came in, bui,, of comse, he would I
not acknowledge being i!i, and it was only
when the pustules appeared that the pres
ence of the disease couid bs detected.
"In regard to Dr. Chalmers' visit to the
island I can understand why he was re
fused permission to inspect the quaran
tine station. No person, not even a phy
sician, may go there and return. If the
President of the United States should,
officially, visit a quarantine station he
would be detained there. Dr. Rosenau,
the surgeon in charge, never leaves the
island when there are people in quaran
tine, and although I am under his orders
and closely associated with him I do not
land there. Il I did so now. I should
simply be detained there with the rest.
"Dr. Chalmers and the public need have
no fears regarding Dr. Rosenau's ability
to detect contagious disease or handle it
when it comes. There is no physician in
the United btates more thoroughly ac
quainted with smallpox and cholera than
he. After years of experience with these
epidemics be is certainly able to tell
whether that Chinaman at the quarantine
station has varioloid, measles or hives
notwithstanding Dr. Chalmers' fears.
'•At the request of the Congressional
delegation of this State a National quaran
tine station was established on Angel
Island and surgeons and nurses detailed
to attend to people or patients detained
there.
"The National quarantine officers are not
under the orders of the State quarantine
officers, but. they are to co-operate with
them, and their common work is to pre
vent the coming of disease to this port. I
hardly think the State quarantine office
will seek to obstruct the landing of people
that have been detained at the National
quarantine station, especially when the
medical officer of the station decides that
they are absolutely free from disease. It
would be unbecoming to do so, and, more
over, create needless confusion."
In «, short time an important change
will be made at the Angel Island quaran
tine station. Tlie disinfecting plant of
the tug Steinberg will be placed in the
hulk Omaha, now moored oil the station.
Then the old vessel will be towed to an
anchorage near California City. Here all
vessels not having clean bills of health
will be taken, and during the period of
their detention there they will be thor
oughly fumigated, with the belongings of
the crew and passengers. It is thought
that this is a more effectual way of de
stroying any possible germs of infection.
Money for Knuna Ashley.
The unhappy condition of Emma Ashley has
aroused the sympathies of a number of citi
zens and one, who signs himself as "A San
Jose Boy," gives expression to his feelings in
the following letter to The Call:
"Find enclosed $5, to be ufed to the best in
terests of Emma Ashley, sister or child. It is
in admiration of the former's noble conduct
in sacrificing honor, home, bodily strength
and all that humanity holds dear that she may
lighten the burdens of her sister and help to
sustain her offspring, that 1 am prompted to
send this small testimonial. • • * In case
this money cannot be used for the purpose
desired pass it over to the Florence Crittenton
Mission.*"
A Contest for a Swbrrt.
An interesting feature in tbe coming fair
September next in aid of the new parish at
old St. Marr's College will be a contest for an
elegant sword, to be awarded to the most popxi
lnr captain in the League of the Cross Cadets—
that is, the captain receiving the highest num
ber of votes. The contest augurs well to De a
lively one, as some companies have already
entered ihe lists. This sword trophy will be
one worthy the dignity of the captain %vho re
ceives it and of the company that will have
the honor of presenting it.
HAMPTON ON HIS ROUNDS
His Secretary Has Been Ap
pointed to Storm's
Place.
Charles E. Thomas to Fill the Vacant
Office of Clerk to the Rail
road Commission.
General Wade Hampton, United States
Railroad Commissioner, arrived in the
City yesterday morning from the East on
his annual tour of inspection of the
Government-aidea railroads.
General Hampton, although 78 years of
age, is looking quite hearty and declares
that his general health is good, although
he has been suffering from the effects of a
wound received during the late war and
which necessitated at the time the ampu
tation of a portion of one of his lower
limbs.
Accompanying General Hampton is Dr.
B. W. Taylor of Columbus. S. C, Captain
R. Lowndes of Charleston and his private
secretary, Charles E. Thomas.
Dr. Taylor and Captain Lowndes wen»
old army officers on the staff of General
Hampton during the war.
Dr. Taylor was first a staff surgeon, but
was later promoted to the position of
medical director of the cavalry corps of
the Army of North Virginia.
General Hampton is one of five officers
of his rank now surviving out of twenty
five at the close of the war.
The party will remain here several
days and then run south to look at the
roads in that direction. They will return
here and go to Tacoma, going back East
over the Northern Pacific.
General Hampton says there is nothing
to note specially as the result of his ob
servations in advance of his routine report,
which is a voluminous document. He says
he finds the roadbeds in good condition.
He has not had the time to examine the
shops.
Since leaving Washington Charles E.
Thomas, who has served General Hamp
ton as his private secretary since the lat
ter's appointment to the office of Railroad
Commissioner, has been promoted to tbe
chief clerksnip of the commission at Wash
ington. The sudden death of Francis E.
Storm recently in this City left the place
vacant.
While journeying, westward General
Hampton, learning of the necessity of ap
pointing a new clerk, telegraphed to
Washington his wishes in the matter, witb
the result that when Mr. Thomas retnrns
he will enter upon the duties of the office.
THE STORE ENLARGED.
Notable Improvements in H. Srnnmer
fleld & Co'i Clothing Kutab
liHhment.
Tb« clothing house of H. Summertield &
Co., 822 to 830 Market street, has just com-,
pleted some very important improvements
in their store, and it is now one of the
handsomest as well as the largest clothing
storeß on this coast. They have enlarged
the place and the store now runs clear
through to Ellis street. They have a stock
fully in keeping with the splendidly ap
pointed storeroom, and they are at pres
ent offering special inducements in prices
at what they term their "alteration sale."
Their stock is all kept on one floor, and
those shopping at this establishment ao
not have any stairs to ascend to reach any
department.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
CONDEMNED TO DIE
FOR NO CRIME,
Two Chinatown Merchants
Sentenced to Death by
Highbinders.
AN OLD FEUD REVIVED.
Kong Chew Asylum Threatened
With Disaster Because of
Internal Dissensions.
MERCHANTS WILL INVESTIGATE
The Trouble Grew Out of the Selec
tion of a President for a Sam
Yup Association.
In the rear of 805 Sacramento street, in
a little Bxlo room, is a man so afraid that
death may come in the shape of an assas
sin's bullet or a sudden knife-thrust that
Toe Qan. the Chinese Merchant Whose I lfe Is Valued at S5OO by the High
binders, and One of His Guards.
he refuses to see any visitors, his em- I
ployes going so far as -to deny that the
person referred to lives there. At 740 j
Commercial street is another man, full
5 feet 10, who trembles when the front
door suddenly opens and who denies his
identity to all strangers.
The first person referred to is Joe Gan,
keeper of a Cninese liquor-house, and the
second Lee Mcc Toy, proprietor of a gen
eral store. Somebody— just who is not
definitely known— has offered a reward of
$.500 for the death of either of these men,
or $1000 if both die by a murderer's band.
So frightened are these men that not for
the whole world would they show them
selves on the street at night time, and
even nnder the glare of the noondays sun
the v trust themselves in their own domi
ciles only as far as the glass doors which
lead to the busy thoroug hfares outside.
It seems strange th at such things could
exist in a civilized community, yet one
has only to attempt to see either of the
two persons na med to prove its correct
ness. It is generally supposed that police
men Datrol Chinatown, and incidentally
keep a watchful eye on such people, but
they are either not doing this or the Chi
nese entertain a greater fear of the hatchet
men than respect for the ability of the
blue-coated gentle men to protect them.
The cause of this unseemly condition of
affairs is found in an internal warfare '
which has been going on in the Kong j
Chew asylum for the last three weeks. At
that time Lee Lun Goon, a Chinese only
twelve months from tbe Flowery King- !
dom, was elected president of the Kong
Chew asylum. His cause was espoused by j
Lee Yip Duck, one <of the most power- i
ful merchants in Chinatown. His influ
ence was sufficient to cause the election of
Goon.
The recent importation did not secure
the presidency without a struggle, how
ever. Joe Gen and Lee Mcc Toy bitterly
opposed him, claiming that the asylum
needed a man who was familiar with local
conditions. Goon, according to their idea,
did not fill the bill. In any event, the an
tagonism of Gan and Toy aroused the
enmity of Lee Yip Ducjc. The latter's
anger became unbearable when the two
merchants went on the bond of a Chinese
accused of robbery, and who, it may be
stated, had opposed the presidency of Lee
Lun Goon. An attempt was made to oust
the offeuders trom the Kong Ciiew asy
lum, but tne effort failed.
Then it was that somebody offered a re
ward of $500 for the head of eitner Gan or
Toy. or $1000 for both. Lee Yong and Lee
Yira were also placed under the ban, the
price for the death of either being fixed at
Sunday night Lee Tie was murdered on i
Waverly place. Ock Wah being arrested
nut hours later and accused of the crime. >
Tie is a cousin of Lee Mcc Toy and a mem- |
ber of the Kong Chew asylum. The sus- !
pected murderer is a member or the same
association. It will be seen, therefore,
that the tight is purely one of the Kong
Chew asylum people, and not of the Sam
Yups and See Yups, as first supposed.
Last night the Chinese Mercnants'As
sociation held a meeting at wnich it was
determined to make an effort to find the
man or men who offered the reward for
the death of Gan, Toy, Gong and Vim.
They are satisfied it emanated from the
supporters of Lee Lun Goon, the presi
dent of the Kong Chew asylum. They
believe that the death of Tie was prompted
by a desire to get back at Gan and Toy,
and incidentally kill off the man who haa
opposed Goon. It is believed that more
than one man was concerned in the mur
der of Tie. The Chinese Merchants' As
sociation is now bending its energies in
discovering the second and possibly third
man.
Ocfe Wah, tbe Chinese highbinder
charged with the murder of Lee Tie, was
arraigned before Judge Joachimsen yes
terday morning and his preliminary" ex
amination was set for next Tuesday.
The Chinese merchants have great con
tidence in the capture made by Sergeant
Helms. They believe that Ock Wan is
the leader of the gang which was hired to
perpetrate not only this murder but
others.
A NEW DEPARTURE.
Evening Classes of Drawing to Be Es
tablished at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art.
The San Francisco Art Association, with
a view to encourage and foster art, will in
augurate evening classes of drawing from
the antique and life at the opening of the
August term of the school year. John A.
Stanton will be in charge.
These classes will be established for the
benefit of all those following artistic pur
suits, and who are unable to take the regu
lar day course. Teachers in the public
schools can avail themselves of the oppor
tunity of obtainins a Knowledge of the
most approved methods in art instruction,
it is fancied that architects, lithographers,
engravers and all those who follow the ap
plied arts may welcome the formation of
these classes.
\oung men and women who have leisure
in tbe evening may deem it advisable or
land it agreeable to acquire a knowledge of
arawin-ras an accomplishment. The pu
pi s of the evening classes may avail them
selves of all the privileges to which stu
dents of the school are entitled and will
De permitted to enter all competitions.
V?n terms are moderate— l 3 per month
or $10 per term for the antique class, or $5
per month and $16 per term for the life
Class. Ihe first term will open August 1
and close December 15. Classes convene
Monday, Wednesday and Friday evenines.
A Frenchman's Estate.
Plerrlne Barges has applied tor. letters of
administration on the California . estate of
Gabriel Gaibaid, *' ho died at Tarbes, France,
in March, 89 . - The California property con
sists of a mortgage on San Francisco property.
The amount of the mortgage is $7500.
THEATRICAL NEWS.
Opera. I)ram» and High-Clans Taude
villo Keop Places of Amune
m.iit Well Filled.
Ambroise Thomas' romantic opera
"Mignon" was given last night at the
Tivoli, and its intricate harmonies were
perhaps never before heard to such ad
vantaee on this coast. To-night there
will be a special bill b7 way of a celebra
tion^of Gustav Hinrichs' silver jubilee as a |
director. "I Pagliacci" will be put on the I
boards, the orchestra rendering selections
from "Hansel und Gretel" between the
acts. It is also rumored that the veteran
director will be the recipient of a suitable
testimonial from a number of his friends !
and admirers.
Miss Margaret Craven reappeared last
night on the Columbia stage in "Moths,"
taking the role of Vera Herbert. The
! young lady had no reason to complain at
tne reception accorded her, the audience
being large and enthusiastic. Her acting
shows the result of additional experience
since her appearance here last season,
and her support being good the play went
off well. It will run during the remain
der of the week.
The Baldwin Theater will reopen for its j
regular season on Monday evening next. \
It would be difficult to find an attraction j
better suited for such an occasion than |
Charles Frohnian's Empire Theater Com
pany of New l'ork, which will arrive here
to-night preparatory to opening at the j
Baldwin on Monday in Clyde Fitch's !
comedy success "Bohemia," which ran '
for over 100 nights at the Empire Theater.
Mr. Frohman's company now includes
among its members Viola Allen, Annie |
Irish, Ida Conquest, May Robson, Mrs.
Thomas Whiffen, Jane Harwar. Ellen
Gail, Katheriuo Mulkins, Lottie Nicholl, I
William Faversham, J. E. Dodson, Robert I
Edeson, Ferdinand Gottschalk, E. Y.
Backus, W. H. Compton. J. E. Finney,
Charles Young, Walter Day and George
Pierce. The sale of seats for the engage
ment commences this morning.
At the Grand Opera-house "Irish In
spiration" is proving very attractive. Em
mett Sheridan is winning laurels as the
hero, while the rest of the cast does good
work. The play will run during the re- I
mainder of the week, if not for a longer !
time.
"Carmen" is in its last nights at the i
California Theater, and will be seen for
the last time on Sunday evening. The
farewell week of L. R. Stockwell's players
and Rose Coghlan and Frederick Warde '
will be inaugurated on Monday nisrht with
a magnificent scenic revival of "The Mer
chant of Venice," with Mr. Warde as Shy
lock and Miss Coghlan as Portia. "The
Merchant of Venice" will be piven for one
week only, and on Monday. August 3, the
regular season of the Celifornia Theater
commences with Chauncey Olcott and his
company in a fine production of the Irish
comedy drama, "Mavourneen." Tbe sale
of seats for "The Merchant of Venice"
commences this morning.
The Orpheum's unusually fine bill has
kept the audiences large, last nights'
attendance beiug unusually so. What
with Biondi, Professor Macarts circus and
many other attractive features it seems
hard to realize that the admission prices
are so low.
At the Casino the Mario-Dunham family
with a host of ventriloquists, wire-walkers,
acrobats and singers unite in presenting a
most meritorious vaudeville programme.
The attendance is visibly growing from
week to week and the management is to
be congratulated on its choice of attrac
tions.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
LET BYGONES BE BYGONES.
So Say the Members of the
First Congregational
Society.
They Hope to Reassemble for Worship
in the Church Within a Short
Time.
"The Crucifixion Considered in Its Prac
tical Bearings Upon tbe Christian Life"—
sucn was the subject at last night's prayer
meeting of the First Congregational
Society. The "opposition" of other days
seems now a half -forgot ten name; and
the church members arc gradually coming
together once more.
No special notice is taken of returning
members. Tney are greeted cordially as
members of the congregation, who have a
' right to be present at its meetings, and
! whose presence should excite no remark.
j This state of things is having the happy
j effect of breaking down any division in
the membership, each individaul in the
society apparently having taken a solemn
vow to "let the dead past bury its dead."
1 Last night's meeting, thougn unusually
large, was unproductive trom a sensa
tional standpoint. Deacon Morse presided,
and in a brief opening address described
the Savior's agony and death in terms as
touching as they were scripturally and
dogmatically accurate.
"Let iis in the midst of our trials and
temptations lift our adoring gaze to that
fair, manly form hanging betwixt earth
and sky for our salvation," said the deacon
by way of a practical application of his
theme. "Perhaps the divine mystery sur
rounding the doctrine of the atonement
may be hard for flesh and blooa to cotn
orehend, but tne grandeur of that exhibi
tion of the boundless love of God for man
must appeal to the most hardened heart.
"The doctrine of the atonement is to be
believed as a truth divinely revealed, but
the spectacle of divine love exhibited to
our gaze in the ineffable tragedy of Cal
vary's mount is a truth of history fraught
with many precious lessons for us all —
lessons whose import will, if not resisted,
diffuse through our lives a blessing which
will consecrate and sanctify our every
act and thought and word."
A number of hymns were sang and the
Rev. Dr. Willey led in prayer. Dr. Guild,
Deacon Dexter and other members made
brief remarks upon the lesson of the even
ing, and witn a good-night prayer tbe
meeting ended.
"We Qope to get back into the church
soon," remarked Deacon Dexter as he was
leaving Golden Gate Hall, where the so
ciety still meets for the present; "but we
can do nothing without the consent of
the trustees. Several of them are out of
town, and I suppose they will not hold a
meeting until all of them are in the
City."
'I believe we will be in the church
pretty soon," was Deacon Morse's opinion.
"We are all of one mind iv wishing by
gone? to be bygones and in hoping that
there may be no more discord among us.
When we have tbe church reopened we
will try to nnd a pastor.
"As yet we have taken no uteps in that
direction, and tlie statement that Mr.
Dodge is in tbe East looking ior a pastor
is unfounded. Mr. Dodee was asked to
undertake that delicate mission, but de
clined, and is now in Europe. The talk
regarding a certain Mr. Birch is also with
out foundation. The Rev. Mr. Birch, I
understand, applied in some sort, of a way
for the poslition of pastor, but 1 have no
reason to believe that his application will
be entertained. Meanwhile we are doing
our best, and who can do more?"
BRODERICK CALLS NAMES
The Auditor Designates the City's
Chief Executive as a
Fakir.
A Lively Battle of Words at the
Meeting of the Election
Commissioners.
"You're a fakir," said Auditor Broder
ick to Mayor Sutro yesterday morning
during tbe meeting of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners, and, as usual, the
Mayor made no reply, and the business of
the meeting continued on its stormy way.
The trouble rose over the efforts made
by some of the old line Democrats to
obtain a standing before the commission,
something they have not been able to do
since the party split up into factious and
began an internal war.
J. C. Nealon. J. A. O'Brien and Joseph
Rothschild appeared to protest against the
appointment of certain men who have
been chosen election officers on the ground
that they were not qualified.
It was suggested that written charges be
filed, and to this the Protestants agreed,
but Auditor Broderick thought differently !
about it. He insisted that if >uch a course j
was pursued the commission would never
finish its work.
Mayor Sutro attempted to interrupt, but
the Auditor would not listen and snapped
out:
"You have been talking to the gallery
lcnsj enou.'h. You criticize a great deal,
but never do anything. You are a fakir."
Then the Commissioners decided to
meet this evening to hear complaints
against election officers and adjourned.
The following officers for tde Thirty
second District were appointed yesterday:
Precinct I— lnspector, Patrick Dillon (B.)
43 Federal; judges, William Flynn (D.), 627
Second, and Robert E. Ryder (R.), 14 De Boom.
Precinct 2 — lnspector, Andrew Geishaker
(D.), 431 Bryant; judge, Charles H. Rothe (R.),
501 Third.
Precinct 3— Judges, John H. Curtin (D.), 648
Second, and Samuel Hawley (R.), 22 Stanford.
Precinct 4— lnspector, George M. Miller (D.),
236Townsend; judg», M. V. Haynes (R.), 411
Brannan.
Precinct s— lnspector, John Donovan (D )
533 Bryant; judges, Simon Glnksmau (D.), 538
Tnird, and John Griffin (R. ), 506 Third.
Precinct 6— lnspector, Joseph J. Jardine (D.),
2-t Weich street; judges— Henry J.Wynne (D.).
Fourth and Welsh streets, and Edward Lyons
(R.), 553 Brvant street.
Precinct 7— lnspector, Thomas Riley (D.)
51'J Fourth street; judges— Juines A. Toomey
(D.). 530 Fourth street, and Jerry Lucey (R.),
1098 Freelon street.
Precinct B— lnspector, William A. Henry (D ),
333 Harriet street; judges— John Considine
(i».), 377 Harriet street, and H. P. Filgate iR.),
3-2t> Harriet street.
Precinct 9— lnspector, William Aitken (D.),
Kentucky and fcoiano streets; judges— Tnomas
Devine (D.), 718 Tennessee street, and Andrew
W. Wilson (R.l, 721Ji Tennessee street.
Precinct 10— Inspector, James M. Hanley
(D.), 620 Florida: judges, Robert J. Bowland
(D.), Bryant, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth
and Francis J. Geiser (R.), 1917 Harrison.
Precinct 11— Judges, Jerry O'Leary (D.), 12
Geneva, and W. Williams (R.), 124 Gilbert
Precinct 12— Inspector, D. J. Coughlin (D )
338 Harriet; judges, William H. Doyle ID)
519 Seventh, and James Archer (R.), 16 Board
man.
Precinct 13— Inspector, Captain M. Graney
(D.;, 827 Brannan; judge*, George H. Tait (D )
1109 Bryant, and J. A. Cullen (B.), 3 Potrero.
Precinct 14— Inspector, Paul Liuthelum (D.),
719 Tennessee; judges, James Crowley (D.l,
715 Tennessee, and Charles F. Adams (R.), 300
Pennsylvania.
THE HOWARD CLUB.
An Interesting Debate Held on the
Money Question.
The regular meeting of the Howard Club
was held at Pythian Castle Hall Monday
evening. The membership has increased
to such an extent that the largest room in
the hall : was secured. The " meeting was
called to order ;by C. E. Newman. J. T.
Bonitield, one of the members, in a neat
speech presented the president and the
club with .a , handsome gavel, which was
made from wood of the battle-ship Hart
ford. ■ ,
On behalf of the club Mr. Newman ac
cepted the gift in a few well-chosen re
marks. M. C. Dunn delivered an inter
esting address on the money question,
which was highly ; appreciated. C. W.
Colby, who has charge of the Drill Corps,
exhibited several different styles of uni
forms to uniform the members.' The club
selected one for the coming campaign.
Short speeches were made by H. Barlaee,
E. F. Jones, Frank Cornyn, H. W. Fraser
and others. Thomas F. Duffy introduced
the following resolution which was read
and adopted: < . .
Whereas, The administration of National
affairs by ■ the Democratic party and the bills
of the Wilson-Gorman tariff-for-revenue-only
plan has resulted in the utter ruin and demor
alization of the Industries of America, and
whereas, the principle of protection to Ameri
can labor ' and industries is now and has ever
beec one of the fundamental principles of the
Kepbnlican party; therefore be it
Heaolved. That the Howard . Club, realizing
the fact that a return to prosperity can only be
secured by providing ways and means for the
employment of American labor, hereby solicit
and earnestly request the laboring classes of
the City and County of San Francisco to affiliate
with it in a campaign which shall have for its
fundamental object the protection to Ameri
can labor. „.„•■ "■■■■-'.'•
• — ♦ •
WOMEN'S STATE CLUB.
Mrs. Ballou Presided Over an
Enthusiastic Assemblage of
Republicans.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger's
courtroom was crowded last evening with
ladies belonging to the Women's State
Republican Club. Mrs. Addie L. Ballou,
president of tbe club, and Mrs. Margaret
J. Jones were kept busy handling a bunch
of correspondence received since the last
meeting from all parts of the country.
Mrs. Alice Moore McComas of Boyle
Heights, Los Angeles, wrote that a
Woman's Republican Club was about to
be started in that city, to be called the
Mrs. McKinley Club.
Senator Perkins regretted that business
of importance would prevent him from
being in attendance at the club entertain
ment, which will be held in Odd Fellows'
Hall on August 12.
Major William McKinley regretted that
distance and the press of important busi
ness would prevent him from paying Cali
fornia a visit this year.
Colonel T. V. Eddy, president of the
Phoenix Club, entertained the meeting
with one of his eloquent speeches, as did
also Dawson Mayer, R. R. Duckworth and
Ben McKinley.
The membership roll of the club was in
creased by twenty-tive new members,
among them being the mother of Benja
min L. McKinley and the niece of Gov
ernor William McKinley, Mrs. Ida Mc-
Kinley Morse.
NEW TO-DAY.
A^^ FAIL O 6
DOCTOR SWEANY
The indiscretions of youth, the excesses !
of indulgence, the misery that is inherited
—three things that are responsible for
nine-tenths of the ills of men — been
the life-long study ot this eminent special-
ist. • He numbers his cures by the thou-
sands. Every hamlet on the Pacific Coast
has a living testimonial to his knowledge
and skill, and a -single failure has yet to
be reported. Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Night Emissions,
Exhausting Drains, Gleet, Gonorrhea,
Stricture, Syphilis, Kidney, Bladder, Blood
| and Skin Diseases promptly perma-
; nently cured. Write if you cannot call.
Mail treatment entirely -successful. Fri-
day afternoons he treats, free, the poor.
j Office hours: 9 a. m. to 12 m.. 2 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. St. Sundays 10 a. m. to 12 m. only.
F I QttITANV Mft 737 Market St.,
I . L * JII ™}» I, m. If., San Francisco. Cal
—^^""""""^^^""^^"'^^"""^^
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRIMSCO& NORTH PI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Ilbnron ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WBEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a ».• U'll
8:S0, 6:10. 6:30 i>. v ThuradaysJEktraiS
SJii S0 30-p lt M. 8 " anllya - Elttlimi) ' * l **
BCl 6foo. Y 6^O 7 p i 9:301 11:0 AIC: I:3 °- S:3 *
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 1110 a. ir.
"^foo^ 7 3^. 9:3 ' 1 ll!l •■ *« I: *°- s: *»
Between San Knnclsco and Schnetien Park "-
schedule as above. "™
«"^cisco: \ BtngSZnco. ■
Da\"£ i D 8A U rs. »"ttSSIW » PW " !
•"*"• ! "AYS. "^ BAYS. | DaY«.
7:30 am i 7:30 am j Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 ax
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
ft .10 pm! 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_„„ • . Fulton, . ~" '
7:30 am Windsor, . " . 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
Geyservtlle,
8:80 Ml 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
•■„ I ~ Weta, ; i . .-.. . !
7:30 am :• Hqpland <& 10:10 am
8:30 pm| 7:30 am tfklah. 7:80 raj 6:1& pS
7:30 am ■ '. ~ ' " 10 10 am
, 7:30 am OuernevUle. 7:30 fm
3:30 «•» , 6:15 pm
7:80 am 7:30 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
' i • 1 and I ■ ■ . . - ;
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
B;l3pml^oB^|^^opou|^oam|lo:lo7m
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlnits: at Geyserville for Skacn Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for . Highland
Springs, Kclseyvllle, Soda . Bay and i^akeport- at
Bopland for Lnkeport and Bart! ett Springs; at
tiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Spring*. BJuo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, fcpper Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Klverside, Llerley's, Buck-
, nell s, Sanhedrin^ Heights, Hullville, Boonevill*.
.Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg, Wsstpon, TJsal, Wiliets, Cahto. ci-
*elo. Laytonville, Harris, Hfcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. "■ ■ : ■ \ - -. \■- ■ ■ ,-. --■ - •
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all oolnta be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. ; - ;" - - T-
. Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bnlldlat
,H. WHITING, ! ' ■;■•";. ■R. X. RYAN TT. .
.-'. . Gen. Manager. >.. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
*w_ Q (Via Sausallto Ferry). - '
norn San Francisco. Cotnm^nclns j un e 16, ; 189&
' ' • , v • ; WEEKDAYS. ■-■■■■- • •«
* 6a"^?oof!.:86^« ** : ' 1: * 5 ' 3 *°< 4:13
""."{"I ,T"S? 7 aa<l * s * l>A R*»a«d-«8:00. •9-00.
I^ob a. Si. B:3 °'- *" £xlriktr1 P " B»u.allto2t
TxmUis marked • run to San Qnentln. ••12:30
r». M. does not run to Mill Valley ■ w .
*■«. _.. THROUGH TRAINS. ; >
a» S^i^i"., Beyet Ma w *y «t»tlons-8 :00 A. M.
P«r,l, 9 £- *• ss na 0:15 p. M. weekday*
■ For ; Point Reyes, Cazadero and way staiioai-
tlo. o^A.j^saa<layBj.ijAj LCL¥ , Maki*!,™ *~Z?
.' '■'■ gnsry .to-pat.' : ■ ;
&*£o MONTGOMERY ST.
MILLS BLDC.
THIS DAY,
Thursday, July 23, 1896.
AT 12 O'CLOCK, NOON.
PROBATE SAME- ESTATE TIMOTHY
J. GIBLIN, DECEASED.
op' corner Clay ant Ijeavenworth sts.; lot 35:6
xIOO fee™ covered with substantial S-sipry build-
ings? 2 stores aid 5 flats; solid foundations; exca-
vated basement; total rents ,$149 50.
PROBATE SAtE — ESTATE XV, H.
CHURCHILL, DECEASED.
ion«> Haiirht st W. corner' Broderlck: lot 85x
l^fe« and exlra bath, with basement,
contains 9 rooms and bath, with basement, fur-
nace and substantial stable for 3 horses. -
PROBATE ESTATE MARY T.
. ."':." THOMPSON, DECEASED.
62 Shipley St.. NW. line,lso feet NR Of Fifth St.;
25x7 5 feet; improvevements consist of substan-
tial 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath.
PROBATE SALE-ESTATE MARY T.
THOMPSON, DECEASED.
Lot No. 5. Block 890, South H. F. B. R. A Home "
stead Association: 75x100 feet: southwest, line
Nineteenth avenue, 225 feet S>E. from I street.
PROBATE ESTATE OF PAT-
RICK CUMMINS, DECEASED. .
SE. corner Mission and Twenty-second . streets:- .
40x122:6 feet: old frame Improvements; should
have new building; and transfer point of Mission
and Twenty-second street electric cars. ' ■
PROBATE SALE— ESTATE OF PAT-
RICK CUMMINS, DECEASED.
Twenty-second street, south line. 200 feet E. •
Guerrero: 25xll4ieet: street curbed, s -wered and
bltutuinized; electric cars pass: splendid lot for
residence or flats; In Mission warm belt.
PROBATE . SALE— ESTATK ROBERT
MURDOCH, DECEASED.
LotsNos. 1461 and 1462, Gift Map 3, being on
south line Wolfe street. 75 feet west ofFlguero; '
each lot 25x70 feet, or 50x70 feet in all.
SANSOMI- -STREET INVESTMENT. ;
No. 704 Sansome street, east line, 45:10 feet
north of JacKson street: 22:11x137:6 feet: throe- 8
story and basement; : brick building and. frame
ouilding in the rear, 67 rooms, occupied as »
lodging-house; rents 9100.
NATOMA-STKEET INVESTMENT.
No. 444 Natoma street: N\V. line, 275 feet N.
K. Sixth street: lot 30x80 feet, with 8 flats; rents
$75; improvements all in good order.
MASON-STREET " INVESTMENT.
East line Mason street, 98 feet N. Union; lot .
39:6x97:6 feet, with 6 substantial modern flats;
rents $108. . *' '_£
•WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
LOTS.
The northeast corner of Clay street and Central
avenue: 35x100 fret,; lot adjoining above on Cen-
tral avenue, 25x100 feet; lot on north line of Clay
street, 100 feet K. Central avenue. 25:5y 3 \9ofeei;
both streets accented and lots ready to build on;
JacKson-street cable-cars pass on Central avenue.
• ' — " ••■■ '
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
Kast line Eleventh avenue, 225 feet S. Point ;
Lobos avenue: 50x120 feet: or In two iots 25x "
120 feec each; street sewered and lot ready to
build on. , - ■ ■.-
RAILROAD TRATEU
SOUTH r-ACiIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.t
SAN ritA\< IN« <>.
HtATE — FltOM Juke 7. 189 G. — arrivi
*6:00 a Kites, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a !
7:<lOa Atlantic Erpress, Ogiien and Kut.. »••*»»
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville,- Rnnaey. Sacra- I^J^t'tti
.:.: ■'■- mento, OroTille and Redding Ti» - , .
Davis . «:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
- *•' toga and Santa Eosa «:15f
»x:iOa Niles, Kan Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marj-3Tillo and Res - ■
IJlufl .: 4:1
•S:SOa Peters anil Miltou «7:15*
•:OOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and 1-oa Angeles 4:43p
«:00a Martinez and Stockton 11 :45 a
- 9:OOa Vallejo 6:13p
ltOOr Nilcs, San Jose and Livermore B:4^a>
■ •I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers "0:00
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?t43z
4:00 i" Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
. >■- Kapa, Calistoga, .El Verauo anc - "
.Siinta Rosa 9:13 a
•:«0p Benlcia, Vacaville, Woodland,
■ Knights Landing, . Marysrllls,
OroTille and •Sacramento 19:43 a
4:3*p Niles, San Jose, Livermoro and ■ ' ■
Stockton 7:l»p
4:80r Merced. Berenda, Raymond (for -
> ' Yosemite) and Fre5n0............ 11j45a
•'••p New Orleans Express, Fresno, Baker*, "i ~
. «leld, Santa Rarl>arii,Los Angeles,
' Den ling, El Paso, New Orleans ana
Sast 1 «: 1 S a
OiO«p Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express - '
for Mojare and East : IC:l5a
S:OOp Vallejo ll:43 A -
■tOOr European Mall, Ogdeu and East.... " 9:43 a
. «:OOp Hay wards, Nil.-a mid San J05e...... 7:43 a
t7tOOp "Vallejo..... .....'..... f7:4Sp
7>OOp Oregon JCxprets, Sacramento, Marys- •
:■. ■ ; yille, Re.liling, Portland, Viiget
Hound and Kast 10:4. "(a
SAMTA <:i»iZ IHVI>.;ON (Narrow <Jnngc>. "
t7t45A Santa Cruz Excursion, Hanta Cruz ~~
and Principal Way Stations .... . . JB.-«3p
•il 3a Nuwarst.CeiiteiTillf,Saii.Jose,Fclton
BoulderCreelc.Santa Cruz and Way -' . •
Stations : 5i54>»
•»il9r Newark, Centerville, San Jose."New
Almaderj, Felton, Boulder Creek
Santa Crux and Principal Way <•
Stations... *.. *II:S0a
H»l3r Newark. San .lose and Lou Gatos.... A
COAST VISION (Tliinl & .Towiiscihl sta.) "
•8:43 a Sau Jose and Way .'Stations (New ' *
Almauen Wednesdays 0n1y)....... 9:47 a
17:39 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose*
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, ana ■■-
Principal Way Stations 18:83r
■:15a San Jose, Tres Vinos, Kaota Cms. *° lm9T
£acilic Grove, Paso Rubles, Baß
. I.nis Obtsno, Guadalcpe and Prin- ■'-
cipal Way Stations ?:O3r ?
. 19 :47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations. ....;.. fl «aop
1O:4Oa San.lc Way Stations ..;,> 3:O0p 3
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations.. ... 3:30p
**:3<»p San Mateo, Menlo Park, Haa Jos*
Gilroy, Tres Pirios, Santa Cms.
Salinas,Monterey and PacificGroTe *I0:4«a
•»i»«p San Jose, Pacific Grove and 1 Way • - ;
Stations ,;.7T *l;30P "
•4:30r San Jose *url Way Stations...: *B:o0a
3:3Oi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations •Bi4Sa
6:3Oi>San Jose and Way Stations.... 6-33 »
W:4Sp San Jose and Way Stations t7:43p
SAX LrJANDBO A.ND HAYWARHS Lq»:aL. ~
<*«:«<>* V " ~7 7:15 a
-.8:00 a ... .*■ y . (9;45 A . .
lojSSt Melr.se, Park, j IJjtlt
tt «s£ Fitehbmrg,S«iL«mdro
» «« ; i sill
™& Harwarto. . %&
7:« Op . v ' 2;JgJ
. oloop | * Rum through to . !035!
Hll:lspJ « From Niles. / I ttlSlooJ
CREEK ROUTE fERRY,
from SIB mNCISCO— Foot of Mtrket Strest (Slip 8)—
;«;00.. Jig! 4882 n:fl0 : * 2 ; 00 "V
fro««OAlUND— Footofßrotdirij s «500 800
10:00 a.m. «2:00 . •1:00 . t3:00 "3:00 lllw
jXOI'.M.
.„ •A for Morning. P for Afternoon. '
Sundays excepted. , Saturdays only
. i.i „ '■■-• : _ X Sundays only. .
.tt Monday Thursday and Saturday nights only.
8 Saturdays an.l Sundays for SanU Cruz " •
■■-tl-.^r-.i «T.. -,-... »..„■„ r. .... H . r , | ,
A * « . m
Trains leave and arrive at BferasJle '•
SASTA FK EXPRESS. Xll
To Chicago via A. & P.^^^a^^^^^C
ve * every day at 5 5fee^rs%^^o^r^ V
£^ c j? r r ln r oom s '«£^i^o££ I tt2
«rf s Tour ' 8t Sleeping-cars, with clean Mn^
and bedding and In charge of a porter, run d»n!J
through to Cnic»»o via Kansas City. Annex
for Denver and St. Louis. --. *. Anne » cap
— Persona ly conducted Boston Excursion* vi.
Kansas Cf.y. Chicago, Montreal and tbe WhTl!
Mountains leave every Wednesday wall* .
The best railway from California to th« ir...
New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting swnerV;
and stood meals In Harvey's d!nln»--rooms. yJ
Ticket OtHce-644 Market Street,
"_"■■■ Chronicle building. "
Telephone Main 1531. *TO BE MARRIED
UPON THE LAWN,
The Gerstle-Levinson Nup
tials on Wednesday
Next.
A HIGH NOON CEREMONY
A Rose-Covered Summer House
to Ec Converted Into a
Bridal Bower.
BREAKFAST UNDER THE TEEES
S x Bridesmaids in Typical Summer
Gowns to Attend the Fair
Ycnng Bride.
Quite the most elaborate event of the
eumraer season will be the nuptials of
Miss Gerttle, daughter of Lewis Gerstle
and niece of Louis Sloss of the Alaska
Commercial Company, and J. Levinson, a
popular young insurance man, to be
solemnized on Wednesday next at the
Gerstle summer place at San Rafael.
It is to be a lawn wedding. In the pretty
little summer house, whose picturesque
outline is almost entirely concealed be
neath a trailing mass of climbing roses, the
happy youns: couple are to stand while
Dr. Yoorsantier reads the ceremony which
la to make them man and wife.
There are to be six bridesmaids and a
corresponding number of ushers. The
bride's sister, Miss Bella Gerstle, is to be
the maid of honor and Dr. Charles Levin
son, the groom's brother, is to officiate as
best man.
The maid of honor and tbe bridesmaids.
Miss Alice Grcenwald, Miss Alice Greene
baum, Miss Alma Levinson, Miss Helen
Schweitzer, Miss Clara Josephs and Miss
Sadie Hecht, will be attired alike in dainty
gowns, typical of summer — white organdie
ever green siik. They wiil wear white
picture hats, adorned with nodding Ameri
can beauty roses.
After the ceremony, the guests, 200 in
number, will partake of an elaborate
breakfast, to be served on tbe lawn. Guests
lrom the City will take the 10:15 narrow
gauge boat.
On account of the continued ill health
of Mrs. Peter Donahue, tbe nuptials of
Miss Isabel McKenna, daughter oi Judge
McKenna, and Peter D. Martin, son of
Mrs. Eleanor Martin and nephew of Mrs.
Donahue, have been indefinitely post
poned. Tbe young couple were to have
been married on the 30th at St. Mary's
Cathedral.
Lieutenant William H. Coffin of the
Fifth Artillery, U. 8. A., and Mrs. Minnie
Mansfield Wood were married Tuesday at
noon at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. A.
J. Clunie, 115 De Long avenue, in this
City. The wedding was a quiet affair. It
was first announced to talre place at. the
residence of the bride's father in San Jose
next Saturday afternoon, but as the
leave* of absence was curtailed
and he had to return to his new post at
Fort Canby, arrangements were made for
the wedding on Tuesday.
The ceremony was performed by tbe
Rev. D. O. Kelly, the chaplain at tbe
Presidio, according to the rites of the i
Episcopal Church. Lieutenant Coffin, U.
S. N., of tbe steamer Alert, a brother of the
groom, officiated as best man. At the
conclusion of the ceremony a wedding
breakfast was served. Lieutenant and
Mrs. Coffin will leave for Fort Canoy next
Saturday afternoon. The groom has been
stationed at the Presidio for four years
past, and is a popular officer. The bride is
the widow of the late Captain Abram E.
Wood of tbe Fourth Cavalry, U. 8. A. She
is the daughter qf the Rev. Dr. and Mrs.
Mansfield of San Jose.
Miss Wood, now summering at Fausa
lito, entertained a number of friends last
Sunday by a pleasant cruise around the
bay on her naphtha launch B. &.T.
Patriacb. Among those who enjoyed the
outing were Miss Nellie Meyer. Miss Con
stance Milton, Miss Selig, Miss Maymee
Corbett, Miss Linda Frank of Mill Valley,
Mrs. J. H. Mahoney, Mrs. Andrew Jsickle,
Colonel Julian Newbauer, Charles A.
King, Dr. Marc E. Lewis, Joseph Haus
inann.
Miss Fannie Michelsen, formerly of this
City, who is well known in m.U9ical circles
both here and in Europe as "'Miile Fran
cisco," is at present in Carlsbad with her
brother sighueeing. Theyreturn to Paris
October L
The wedding of Miss Gussie Scblesinger
and Dr. Joseph Bayer, will taue place on
Sunday afternoon, July 26. It will be a
family affair.
Mrs. Strelitr-Davis, who has been in
Europe two years, has returned, and will
leceive her friends Saturday afternoon,
between 2 and 5 o'clock, at 922 O'Farreli
ttreet. *
HER YOKE IS TOO HEAVY,
Rose T. Oliver Wants Her Mar-
riage With Manuel E. Oliver
Annulled.
Cairns Her Husband Is a Disreputable
Person and Wedded Her Under
False Pretenses.
Rosie T. Oliver, or Brady, as she is better
known, bas again broken into court. This
time she seeks to have the marriage con
tract between herself and Manuel £. Oli
ver annulled.
Rosie Brady is the young woma who, in
February last, married in defiance of her
parents' wishes a man who had been room
ing in her mother's house. Mrs. Brady
first had Oliver arrested for abduction and
then for perjury, for swearing his wife
was of legal age at the time be secured the
marriage license. Rosie stuck to her new
husband at the time of his preliminary ex
amination in the Police Court ana swore
that she bad told him she was of age and
that Oiiver so thought when he secured
the license. He, nevertheless, was held to
answer before the Superior Court.
Before tne time of the second trial Rosie
experienced a change of heart and went
bacK to live with her mother. In Juage
Belcher's court she swore that she lied in
the Police Court about telling Oliver she
was 18 and tried to have her husband sent
to the penitentiary. Tbe jury found him
guilty of perjury, but ihe verdict was so
manifestiy unjust' that Judge Belcher at
once granted Oliyer a new trial and subse
quently, at the request of the District At
torney, dismissed the case.
Now Rosie wants the marriage contract
annulled. She declares that she was not
of age at the time of her wedding and that
she is mentally incompetent as a result
of a severe attack of scarlet fever from
which she suffered three years ago. For a
further reason for the annulment of the
ip-n-ria^e she alleges that her consent to it
was secured by trickery, artifice fraud and
device, but of what nature is left to the
conclusion of the court. It is asserted
that before the marriage Oliver was the
consort of notorious women, of thieves
and of idle and dissolute persons. Rosie
further says that it is her belief that Oliver
married her for the express purpose of
bringing her to the level of his former
companions and living on the proceeds of
her shame.
♦ — ■» » ' —
AFTER TALBOT'S PLACE.
Considerable Speculation in Federal
Circles ait to Who Will Be
Inspector,
Considerable speculation is being in
dulged in by Federal employes as to who
will succeed Captain Talbot as Chief In
spector of Hulls and Boiltrs.
Heretofore it has been the custom for
the Collector and Surveyor of the port to
agree on a man and then recommend his
appointment by the Secretary of the Treas
ury. In May last, however President
Cleveland promulgated a new set of civil
service rules, taking in the Hulls and
Boilers office.
Under ordinary conditions Captain Berm
ingham would succeed the deceased ollicer
as Inspector in charge, but it is thought
that the new civil service laws necessitate
a formal examination for the position. If
this be true then tbe youngest man iv the
office has at least a fightins chance for the
position. In the meantime it is thought
the Secretary of the Treasury will place
Captain Bermingham temporarily in
charge.
WILL SELL THE FRANCHISE.
The People's Mutual Telephone Com
pany Gitins Its Point.
The Board of Supervisors, sitting as a
ommiitee of tbe whole, decided yester
lay to recommend that the new telephone
ranchise be advertised for sale under the
PRACTICING AT LONG-RANGE TARGETS ON THE PRESIDIO RESERVATION.
ordinance submitted by the People's Mu
tual Telephone Company.
It was first considered as to the ad
vantages to bo derived by the City, and the
representatives of the company agreed to
give the City as many free telephones for
the use of public offices as the board shall
designate and to cive a bond of $10,000 to
indemnify tbe City against loss for any
damage caused by the company in tear
ing up streets while laying its conduits.
DENIES BEING A BURGLAR
Annie Campbell, a Delicate Little
Woman, Charged With the
Offense.
The Complaining Witness Is Mrs.
Annie O'Grady of Mary and
Natoma Streets.
Annie Campbell, 41 years of age, has the
distinction of being the second woman ar
rested for burglary in this City. She is a
delicate-looking wbite-haired woman, the
very antithesis of what would be expected
of a bilrglar.
She was arrested on the complaint of
Mr 3. Annie O'Grady, who keeps a corner
grocery and saloon on Mary and Natoina
streets, which came into notoriety re
cently as the scene of the attack with a
razor upon Francis Rankin, an actor and
lover of Minnie O'Grady, by Charles Mc-
Neill, who was supposed to be a rival for
Minnie's affections.
Mr«. O'Grady charees Ann>e Campbell
with breaking open her trunk and stealing
$22 on Monday night. The money was
missed by Mrs. O'Grady Tuesday morn
ing and she cbarged Annie with taking it.
Annie denied it and Mrs. O'Grady offered
to take half the amount rather than have
her arrested, but Annie was persistent in
her denial, so Mrs. O'Grady sent to the
Southern Station for a policeman and
Annie was locked up on a charge of
burglary. When searched at the police
station there was only a 10-cent piece iv
her pocket. Mrs. O'Grady admits she has
only circurnstatial evidence against Annie.
Annie is very indignant over her arrest,
and declares that she will prosecute Mrs.
O'Grady for false arrest and imprison
ment.
"I am a hard-working woman," she said,
"and this is the first time I have been ar- j
rested. I have a little property, and to
keep it 1 go out working at different
houses. I rented a room at Mrs. O'Grady 'a
bouse about a week ago and helped her
about the house and grocery. My bedroom
was next to hers.
''Her two daughters, Minnie and Isabel,
went to Oakland yesterday and I have
good reason to believe that Minnie or Isa
bel took the money. I most certainly did
not take it, 1 knew nothing about it till
Mrs. O'Grady accused me this morning
and when 1 denied it she struck me in the
face with her fist a.id then struck me over
the mouth with a handsatchel. I will
make her suffer for this as sure as you're
born."
The case was called in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday morning. Mrs. O'Grady
refused to swear to a complaint, and turn
ing to the defendant said : "You're an old
woman, and I don't want to injure you."
The Judge in dismissing the case re
marked that the complaining witness
should be arrested for having such a re
spectable looking woman charged with
such an offense as burglary.
Recovered His Speech.
James Madden, who was made deaf and
dumb Tuesday night by a blow on the leftside
of bis bead from a billiard cue, recovered the
power of speech yesterday morning at the
Receiving Hospital, but he has not yet fully
recovert-d his hearing. He was sent to his
home, 426 Minna street. John J. Driscoll,
saloon keeper, 606 Howard street, who struck
the blow, has been arrested for assault with a
deadly weapon.
Bread and butter should be eaten with
the butter side next the tongue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
ANGEL ISLAND
SOLDIERS IN CAMP
Company C Practicing at
Long Range Targets at
the Presidio.
CAN SHOOT THREE MILES
Firing Stops When Boats on the
Bay Get Within Their
Range.
THE LAST OF THE PRACTICE.
Wind and Fog Interfered With the
Marksmanship, but Many Bulls
eyes Were Scorei.
Uncle Fam burns powder in time of
peace as well as in time of war. Uncle
Sam does this because he thinks there is
merit in the maxim, ''In time of peace
prepare ior war." If the familiar figure
in re<i. whits and blue clothes, topped off
with that old white bat, bad stood on an
eminence behind bis soldiers out at the
Fresidio yesterday afternoon and surveyed
the landscape toward the bay and the
block target, looking not much larger
than an orange, half a mile away, he
would have been proud of the marksman
ship displayed.
Company C of the First United States
Infantry at Angel Island is out at the
Presidio for a few days' outing and target
practice. There are thirty-eight men in
the company. First Lieutenant Ferrias
aud Second Lieutenant Wilcox are in com
mand.
Thirty-six tents are pitched in the bor
dering trees of a little grove— almost a
whole tent for each man. The tents were
left by other companies which have pre
ceded Company C at tarpet practice. This
company arrived last Tuesday on the
ground, sot down to business yesterday
before the targets, and expects to finish
the target practice by to-morrow at noon.
Tbe shooting was interfered with yester
day morning by the fog, and in the after
noon a high wind lowered tbe number of
bullseyes to the credit of the men.
Tbe practice in tbe afternoon was at a
target 800 yards, or 240 feet Jess than half
a mile away. It was a black disk on a
white background of cloth and paper.
The sharp ping of the bullets as they
struck the target could be heard a second
or two after the cartridges exploded. The
men lay on their stomachs on a little
knoll and their aim was downward toward
the bay. Each man fired twenty rounds.
Whenever a catboat, a yacht, or steamer
or other craft on the bay came opposite
the range, firing was suspended until it
had passed beyond the possibility of being
punctured.
The new Krae-Jorgenson rifle has suc
ceeded the old Springfield rifle in the
army. The target was down on the beach,
and whenever tnere was a nnsi the dust
or sand could be seen rising from the spot
where the bullet struck. This gun does
deadly execution at two miles, and will
shoot over three miles with perfect ease.
It would kill a man over at the Lime
i Point Signal Station, and with the proper
j elevation raise one of the lj^-inch-long
j bullets over the big bluff beyond the
I point and drop it into Sausalito. So the
necessity of the precaution of waiting till
craft pass out of range on tbe bay is ap
parent. The Krag-Jorgenson is the new
army model. It is a 38-caliber and weighs
about nine pounds. The cartridge is 3%
inches long.
In shooting the new regulations are
that tre men must lie on their stomachs,
that the si^ht must be perpendicular and
that tbe gun must be against the shoulder
| and elevated from the ground. Formerly
tbe men, in shooting at long-range tar
gets, could lie on their backs and rest the
muzzle of the rifle between their toea, but
this is now forbidden. The shooting for
the day was good, considering the stare of
the weather. Tl,e result of tbe season's
shooting by tbe different companies will
not be made known for several days yet.
| The practice is about evenly divided be
tween the 800-yard and 1200-yard ranges.
The reason that the Presidio reservation
was chosen as practice ground is that
there is not sufficient range on Angel
Island and because it would be dangerous
there. The nkirmish drills for the season
have been completed.
THE FREE LIBRARY.
Facts and ; Figures • From the • Monthly
Bulletin for the Month' of , ,'i-
July.
The" July bulletin of the San Francisco
Free Public Library shows that during the
month of June the number of books issued
for home use was [ 24,992, for library use
13,793. and the number of cards issued to
borrowers was 906. ' There . were at the
close tof the month ; 87,751 books in the
main and branch libraries. For the bene
fit of the students who may wish to inform
themselves as ;to the : late " Mrs. Harriet
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Beecher Stowe there is printed in the bul
letin a full list of all her works in the
chronological order of publication. Since
the issue of the previous number a laree
number of books have been added to the
shelves, including worKs on religion, so
ciology, science arid useful arts, literature
and fine arts, description and travel,
biography, history, fiction and books for
the young.
THE BOY IN A BARREL
William Watts, tbe Fruit Peddler,
Arrested for Battery.
William Watts, the fruit peddler,
charged by Thomas Walker of 532 Fran
cisco street with having bound and
gagged his son George and cooping him
up in a barrel* was arrested by Policeman
Conley yesterday alternoon on a charge of
battery.
Walker accompanied Watts and the
policeman to the City Prison. He insists
that the story of the^ affair as published
yesterday is true. Waits, he eayp. hates
the boy, and his own sister told Walker
that she saw him take the boy and thrust
him in the barrel.
Watts emphatically denied the charge
and said he was the victim of spite work.
He was laboring under excitement or
liquor, and was loud in his protestation*
of innocence and revenge.
HIS SUDDEN CALL.
Hollis M. Cox Drops Dead In th» Ke
• reiving Hospital.
Hollis M. Cox, 2226 Howard street, who
swallowed a dose of arsenic in a fit of de
spondency on Tuesday night, dropped
dead in the Receiving Hospital about 5
o'clock yesterday morning.
He had almost entirely recovered from
the effects of the poison, and a friend had
procured a quart of milk for him to drink
to settle his stomach. Dr. Fitzgibbon
spoke to him a few minutes before 5 o clock.
He said he was feeling all rieht and
wanted to get home, as be was afraid his
wife might return from the country and
be worried about his absence.
After the doctor had left him he had got
out of bed to get a drink of milk and
dropped dead on the floor, where he was
found Dy Steward Fogarty with the cup
beside his right hand. He was an old
man, and the cause of death is supposed
to have been from heart disease. The
bodj was removed to thn Morgue.
THE WEBSTER PRIMARY,
Its Discontinuance Debated by
the Classification Com
mittee.
Probability of Its Scon Being Torn
Down— Principal O'Connor's
Tart Letter.
An executive session of tbe Classifica
tion Committee of the Board of Education
was held Monday night. It lasted for an
hour and a half. Those present were : Direc
tors Jrfurdock (chairman), Clinton, Mo
Elroy, Hawley, Carew and Superintendent
Babcock. The only members of the com
mittee absent were President Scott and
Director Barrett.
The closing of the Webster Primary
School, the story of which has already
been fully published in The Call, was the
chief topic of discussion. Messrs. Clinton
and Carew were the only two who had
anything to say against it and formal
affirmative action will undoubtedly be
taken to-day at the meeting of the com
mittee of the whole. Then will follow the
transfer of Miss Manning, the principal,
and her corps of teachers to t lie Jefferson
and other schools and the tearing down
of the old buildings in the rear of the
Lincoln Grammar.
It was also decided to recommend the
establishment of evening classes in the
Franklin and Richmond schools.
Superintendent Babcock has received
the following letter from Principal Joseph
O'Connor oi the Horace Mann Grammar
School :
Dear Sir: So little has heretofore come of
the annual reports sent in by me relative to
urgent repairs needed in the Horace Mann-
Grammar school th«t it is only at your sugges
tion 1 now repeat my former statements.
The accompanying list of repairs needed in
the classrooms, as set forth by my janitor
shows faintly the condition of the building
Internally. When I add that the inside wood
work bas not been painted since the erection
of the building, that tne floor in sixteen of the
rooms are worn down to the tonguing:, that for
the past nine years (to my knowledge) the
roof has been leaking, not only around
the gutters but into the rooms,
that the window-safbea are rotten
and worn out, rattling with every
breeze, and thus constantly cracking tbe very
large and very light panes with which they
are tilled; that the locks are so worn we are
frequently unable to keep the room doors
closed, and that, in addition to all these
faults, we have no sanitary system of heating
or ventilation or of drainage ; that the wooden
outbuildings are so rotten that they are out of
plumb and almost ready to fall; that the yard
and sidewalk are paved with worn-out plants,
dangerous to the limbs of inose compelled
to walk upon them, and astronomy may be
studied through the roois of the sheds, it may
at last dawn (miraculously) on the. minds of
tho*e required to care for such things that a
wooden school building, accommodating on
an average nearly 1000 young people, ought
to be thoroughly cleaned, repaired and mod
ernized once iv twenty-six years — say four
times a century.
lam a firm believer in Dean Swift's beati
tude, "Blessed are they who expect nothing,
for they shall not be disappoinu-d," Yet I
eball be much obliged If in the interest of the
largest school in the City you will send copies
of this letter to the directors who have power
to act in the premises..^
The clove is tbe dried bud of the clove
tree. It is a little flower, gathered while
it is green, smoked over a wood fire and
dried in the sun.
MITCHELL WAS ATTACHED
Pugilist Billy Gallagh-r After
the Division of a
Purse.
He Wants Pay for His Unsatisfactory
Fight With Mystetions
Billy Sm th
Milton M.- Davis, as assignee of Billy
Gallagher, the pugilist, placed an attach
ment on the saloon of John L. Herget,
better known as Young Mitchell, yester
day for $440. Bhortlj' afterward Herget
hunted up the necessary security and had
his place released.
The legal tangle that is ushered in by
the attachment had its beginning in the
battle between Gallagher and "Mysteri
ous" Billy Smith, which took place some
time ago under the auspices of the Occi
dental Club, and which was such a disap
pointment to the sporting fancy on
account of its sudden and unsatisfactory
termination.
When, after a round of hugging, clinch-
Ing and general disregard of tbe rules
under which they were signed to box, the
pugilists were separated and the bout de
clared a draw both men supposed that the
purse would be divided between them.
They were disabused of that idea, how
ever, when the referee declared the go "no
contest," and all they received was their
training expenses.
Smitb took his medicine with nothing
more than a few muttered curses, after his
thirst for gore had been satisfied by a
rough and tumble fight with Gallagher;
but t>e latter was not so easily appeased,
and threatened suit, which, finally, bas
been filed. The attachment is levied on
Herget's place because he is the promotor
and chief owner of the Occidental Club.
A Peculating Bookkeeper.
Herman Hirsch, the ex-bookkeeper for
Jacob Unna, 217 Front street, who is serving
a term in the County Jail for misdemeanor
embezzlement, will be called upon to defend
himself from a felony charge. Yesterday
morning Unna swore to a complaint In Judge
conlan's court charging Hlrsch with em
bezzling $68. He informed the court that
Hirsch's total defalcations would amount to
several thousand dollars. Hirsch had re
ceived money from his brotner in New York to
pay to Unna, but had retained it.
•■■"-; NEW TO-OAT.
Every nerve teeming with the fire of
manly power; every muscle strong, firm
and elastic; strong, regular action of the
heart, ; a good stomach, active liver and
healthy circulation; such is the condition
of the man whose body is charged daily
with electricity from Dr. Sand»>n's Electric
Belt. It keeps the vital force • active and
| removes all effects of early " dissipation.
It gives back the power of youth, and
makes the body as vigorous in every re-
spect as nature intended it to be.
Men ! Be Strong.
..' It is a laudable desire in all men to pos-
sess a vigorous manhood. This is impos-
sible as most men live. Excesses, expos-
ure, overwork, confinement to desk, ] bad
air and lack of exercise are all destructive
to a healthy nerve force. Every man can
stand some building up. Inability to do
hard manual labor, short breath and pal-
pitation of the heart are common symp-
toms of the breaking down of the nervous
system. ' They mean, that a weakness '- ex-
ists. > Get the strength back through na-
ture's best source — Electricity. ,
A Grateful Miner.
COEUR D'ALENE, Idaho, Oct 22, 1895.
DR. A. T. SANDEN, .
Dear Sir:— l wish you to publish to the world
bo that all may read that before . I used your
Belt I was so run down' with spermatorrhoea,'
night losses, lame.back and nervousness as to
be totally unable to work, and also totally im-
potent. Now, after i using your Belt for four
month?, my weakness is all gone, my. health
has returned, and my complexion is ruddy. I
can do any kind of hard work, and am healthy
and happy. I thank you very much for what
your Beit and good advice has dona me, and
be* to remain, " Yours ? es P ec!fu ! l3 :t r y D £T>; ,
Thousands of people - who have tried
other means of treatment— other makes of
% belts— and have discarded ; them", for Dr.
Sanden's, . are ; now praising it , highly.
Read what they .' say in \ the ; little book,
"Turee Classes of Men," a pocket edition
( of which can be had free, sealed, by mail
or at the office.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., X
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Offloe boats; ■«*:•*. k. to
8:30 P. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1. ■ . _ .
Consultation Free and Invited.
: :-'-," -:■■ OFFICES AT:
LOS ANQEMCS. CAL., I ' PORTLAND, OR,
204 South Broadway.' I 26» Washington street.
/CASTLE CREST, BKLVKPKRE-I'RIVATE
: \J , boarding; '■' delightful -.resort; "grand- marine
view; boating, flsbing and bathing; moderate
rates; special term* for families. , .■.--. -:■'.,• '-' ;
HO. Hir.NTKBS FOR BANHEDRIN
Heights: 30 miles from Vie I ah; the sports-
man's Mecca ' and . ladles', rest and delight ; - wild
picturesque scenery; | ice-cold I water; I over 4000-
-foot altltuae; among 'the pines; ' saddle-horses,
guides,- ecu; best of tables:, good beds: hot. cold
and ' steam ■ baths; • city references and particulars
on application; room and board $1 per day. L. B.
FRASIN, - manager; address Sanhedrin, - Lake
County, Cal. ■■-■■-.•/■..■■"■'■-■■■•:■■■'. - c-^-.v^
IVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OK
XV Eel River. 6 ; miles ' from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: I round trip, *9 76 ; from San Fran-
cisco- flsbine, • hunting;, bathing ; and boating un-
surpassed. Terms; $7 per week. =• Excellent table;
mine, fruit. veßetables raised on . the ranch. . T. J.
QILLE3PIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County. .
OTEL DXL MAK— I>N THE BKAfHORK: 30
minutes' ride I from bant* Crua; | climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; surf bathing; sailing, row-
Ing fishing; ;buse* meet ail •/. trains; ~ chllcrren, $i
to ss per week; adults.'s9 per wtek: special rates
to -societies' and families. < Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, C*L, or room 29,
Mate building, H. F. ' • '.- ;. - v  -
HOTKL VICTORIA. CAL., THE
gem of the : mountains, famed for its eauabls
and salubrious 'Climate; near nature's •< won-
derland: altitude : 1985 feet; ■ the .plenscfre and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel; Victoria will t be found of the highest
order; rates *10 to 15 per week. JOHN C. MOB-
KISO-N , lessee. X : v a >•" '■'-:<>• - " -- "■ : - ■■
T-. BELMOXT. •• 9AN • . MATED COUNTY,
■ board for summer months: private » family;
beautiful grounds; lance rooms: 3 minutes: from
station; 1 nour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
L{ ROOKSIUB FRUIT; farm; fine shade-
(■£> plenty milk, cream, chrckens and fruit; good
accommodations. ' Aduress Brookaide.' Napa. ;;■■•:«.
1 ONO WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER REPORT:
XJ send for Illustrated pamphlet and \ terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal. .-' '■'■■" - : . .' ■ '
•; A- NITA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
A. Mountains— Fine : family ; resort. : J. • H AES-
T£RS, proprietor. ■ " ' ' .
11/hon writing for further particulars to any of the health or
{Pleasure Resorts in these columns Aindly mention the CjfjCjC.
lI BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TAVP, THE MERITED , REPUTATION OF ]
*-*• belne one of the wonders of the would, and !
leekers of pleasure - and ; lovers of sightseeing,* as }
veil as those insearcii. Of health, will U» well I
laid by visiting them. • ' ■ I
the Finest Summer Climate in Call- I
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A .Positive Care for Bh«nmathm, Liver, .
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Koutes to the Spring*, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BABTIiETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, B. £ or
B&rtlett Springs, Lake County, Cal. ;
y^^A^s The ßeantiral
j^^P^^, "■■■ HOTEL
*Si» VWIiAMIi 1
.rsS^Ste^:! M VVJilll
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
- Never did this popular resort look more Invltlnx I
than now. ' Newly painted inside and ' out. ; In the
center of Its lovely' grounds. ) Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, . service and general- appoint-
ments, It la " enjoying ' deserved patronage and
prosperity. :
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
ff% m m% m m a /*v hot springs,
M B I X ■ S 1 Monterey coun-
igC 81 mg jftt I \. I I tv. Cal. — The
M IB MSB • I I Carlsbad of
f| ■ I fi ■ America — Tor
•■.. .- - •. > i/*^-!-^^' liealth.rest.oleas- j
ore, . climate, accommodations, . scenery, flower !
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge i
baths.' hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for. families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the "tate. Plenty
enjoyment for young : and old. ■: Take train Third
and Towngend streets, San - Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
dally, for Soledad:_ Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and PostotHce. • For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
1896, address K. RQBERTSON, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRISGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Uavb You Bekn- Tiikbb Latkly?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. •" Climate nnsnr-
pasned. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field . and ■ farm. - Hot and cold
Kapa Soda water baths. Telephone and Posiollice.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvement* every
year. ; Gas and running; water in every room. lie-
lief for asthmatics WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An ' ideal summer resort. ■•: Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O. -•• - ■ -■ •--.•■■- -.-- ■ .■■:-:' ■ ■'-•'■'.' ■■:;■:, »
when I IK"! AH
visiting. ■ ••..:-. UiYI/\lI
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE 'St SONS, PROPRIETORS.
m'H IS THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
i hotel In Uki&h, and It is . headquarters for
tourist ftv^^iMife#«4Bgßa^jWffiffl<!jg* | BteMIKB |>i < • JB&
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from . this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. - : Baggage transferred free of charge. ; "..
SODA BAY / HOTEL. ; v ! •: •*
CODA BAY, BTTCATED ON CLEAR LAKB,
O is most Dtctnresque. ■ Soda Spring is famous for
(he .vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,003
gallons. ' Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are : unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus:
been opened. ■. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and . the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Frets
ramping grounds, A coach will connect; with the
daily singe from Pieta and Highland ..spring*.
Adams. icier. Blue ■ Lakes and >aratoza. Pare
from San Francisco. $5 50; round r trip, $10. '■ Spe-
cial rates for families. <». B. WY ATT. proprietor.
Soda Bay. Keiseyvllle, Lake County. Cat. .•
fITT I f\ ft r\ HOT SPRINGS.Votiom*
11/ n I•I ■ V- County, only i^ hours from
\lk l\ ITIT \ SaQ Francisco; ... but .; 9 miles
11 |\ ft II 11 1 1 staging:, new road through
MlxilU ** M canyon; new stages; sanitary
plu mblng: natural temperature of water ISO* Fatir.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquito* and other aanovin? '
insects unknown. Take - Tiburon r ferry at ■ 7:30
a. v. or 8:30 p. v. . Round-trip ticket only $5.51).
Telephone 1 and telegraph, dally mall and express.
Rates $1- a week; baths free. -- • '" .:.:■; ..>..-
J. t\ MULQREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, riarin Co., Cal.
FIRST -CLASS;. ACCOMMODATIONS; BE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; .tine ■ trout - fishing, bath-
Ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoUlce, : express, . telegraph ■ and ; livery :at
both hotels: terms $8 and $1- per weelc . -
-. VICTOK W. KIIAUSM, Manager..
■"* JOS. F. BKKTRANO. 1- roprietor. . . '
City office, 112 Taylor st;. Fridays, 2t04 ml .
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
jrL A~ND PLEASURE: no staging; %-mlle from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs In the
United ■ States " and the celebrated Lytton- Geyser
Soda Springs. • Wonderful curative properties.'
Table flret-class. . bend for circulars. - .
JOHANNISBERC
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, including the
GREAT WING CANYON.. *ii--.«*
Iron • Springs, lakes. r ßowling 'Alley. ■. Splendid'
place for ; Hunting, , Swimming,' Boating ; and
Fishing. Elevation nearly < I*2oo ; feet. .
.'-: .•.-..-■■_:■. Best Climate for Asthma. -■ ■■ -•
: SPECIAL CuTTAO i for CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa.
after the arrival of - the . morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE, Make your engagements before-
hand. ? Address WALTER METZ, N apa City. Cal.
iSTADf SPRIVf MIYPR IT ■ WITPP 1 '" -
ASTORG SPM.\G_MHERAL WATER.
VriHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH!
: 1 cures most any disease of long standing: | cured
hundreds;-: recommended by thousands in four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth st., soie proprietor. The greatest medicinal
acid curative water ill California. : •;
~" HAZEL_GLEN.
GOOD PLAIN BOARD IN > PRIVATE . FAM-
Ily five miles from Cloverdale; rates moderate.
Inquire •of MRS. T. • MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEAL V, 203 Powell at. . y •:> ;■-■-. -.■.-:-: •*".'
KLAMATHIHOT SPRINGS,
BBSWICK, &IHKIYOU .'■:■ COUNTY. CAL., A
JL> noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths. •-■•• 7t: •"■ . ::•: - -i'- . ■--;-; . •
EPSON BROS., Proprietor*. 1 ;
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
i O rooms; ? large ■ grounds; fruit and Cowers. Ad ■
drers P. 0, box 220. : ' "
jILROY HOT SPRINGS
I. Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
Regain Health— Where the Tourist;
May .Regale Himself Upon.
- Magnificent and i Plctnresque Scenery, .
rFhere the Summer Pilgrim - May Find
Rest, liefreshment and Kelnxiiiioii.
I fflccea for the Annual Seeker After
• . Repose and Recuperation.
1 Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in <tarments .
' of ■ filatchlesg Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never T,ifts His
Oliastl Head and Where the Waters ,-
of Healing Pour Freely From
> Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:16 A. M. OR* 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
Third and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
Ban Francisco. . Fare, *7 IB for round trip.
t&r Stage connects with train from Third and
rowusend streets.' . ■• '..'■•■;'
ROOP & SON, Proprietors. .
SANTA CATALISi ISLASD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAUN'S telegraph pl?eon service dally, con-
necting the island with the wires of the world.
•"■ ■■■ '-!'••■
UNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFTJI.
U coast excurs.ons. tally-ho staging, wild goat
bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan- "'.
cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after .June 6. Popular Hoiet - .
Metropoie now open. Island Villa In July. '■ . -
for full information, illustrated pamphlets anil
rates, apply to ~ - "
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
' 222 South Spring st», Los Angeles, Cat . .
/ETNA SPRINGS
There is healins; In the waters (for rheumatism,
malaria, nervousness, ■ dyspepsia, diabetes, etc.):
there is life In the air. bwiniminE-tank. tnb.and .
steam baths, fine hotel, amusements. •• Rates, $10 '
to $14. Take 7 a. m. H. P. train for Si. Helena:
stance connects at 10 a. v. Unlimited round-trip '
tickets. 87. : Particulars at 318 Battery, or W. L. i
MITCHELL, Lidell P. 0., y a pa County. Cal.
-#^B^S%- CAPItOLA.
' j£SiSwi£B GEM RESORT -
Ti.i'mtiii.T wß ft{B H|fr 3 . ' * Miles East of
iiiiTn i iiT*fJsia f{ riSQ7 Santa Crux. •
t— MJ»J > jJ:?JrSL Hotel at water's ed?er
"* a * 3 "^"*l^*TsCKf-gtr' <urui--ht'it and partly
- . * ■ T ■ .§ turn ish'd cottages : free
j . " —*-> ifiA camp ground; salmon
I * \$ ">| ■ and trout fishing..
"~" ' I.RKA.NIKH, Stipt.,
Capltola, Cal.
GO TO DUNCAN SPRINGS,
rp\VO MILES FROM HOPLAKD, M KNDOCIXO
J. County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in tbe State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; "50 .
feet above the valley: fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. .- Plenty of amusements. Free ous
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms. $11) per week. .' • :..
-O. HO WELL, President. .
Telephone at Post-offlce. .-' • - . .
BOCA HOTEL
Boca, Cal, . ,
HEADQUARTERS FOR FISHER JIE3% AND
XI their - families. Excellent table and newly-
tied rooms. - Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE .
INDEPENDENCE," the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' ' ■ For information address ■.
■ JAS.McDONAIiD, Boca, Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
* " ' ■ --*-**, "| , ' — T7~ '. ' ' .' - ■" - , ..-.'"''
The Recognized : Family Summer Resort
- ' in the Santa Cruz Mountain*.
' Ileaitb. pleasure,' swimming, 'fishing and hunt- -
Ing. New dancing pavilion. -.Deer. park. : Table
excellent. .Climate unsurpassed. " Send for souve- 1
nir, staee at Madrono ■• every Monday. Wednes- '
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting wltn
train leaving the City at 8:16 a. m.
-, VIC I'OISCKLET, Llagas. CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
:: .lST.*r HELENA, CAL. V ;
f>ECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR IN-
j it valids, consisting of large main bulldin?, cot- -
; tage -< and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, call bells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and bieain baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful monn ■
tain .walks :ire amon< the ■ amusements. ; : ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. .Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
THE GEYSERS,
; .' Sonoma County," Cal. '.■'
CXDKR > T K\V JIANAGKMKXT.
PATES $2 TO $2 50 PER DAY, $3 TO $14 PKB
XV week; all baths free. ■••„---■■• .
■■■■■-■--■:..■ W. H. HARBON. Proprietor.
IWrcIVTATH'S.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA. .THE OPEN .
I > season for de»r begins July Id. and those who
wish to have a good bun: and. trout rUhin; time
and a general eood ou;ine should visit or . iiddress -
A. B. McMATH.Hullville, Lake C 0.,. via Ukiah.
Potter Valley daily sag.': can stop at the house
or camp in mountains. Terms reasonable.
ALTAIOIT HOTEL, HOWARDS STATIOS,
Occidental,' Sonoma County,
ON ' THE -: N. P. C. ;K. .' R., IS NOW, THOR-
oughly renovated; good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms $6 to Sri per week. Special rates
to families. : Climate perfect; •
- DAVID ROBINSON,' Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LiKK COtINTV.
POPULAR HEALTH? RESORT. OPEN THE,
X year round. Telephone - connections. - Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacifc offices, $10: special H
conveyance d&ily. For Inforn at ion aJdri'ss JOHN
SPAPLDING. Seigler Springs, Lake County. Cal. "
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
T AXE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFX'L " SUMMER
XJ resort In State:: 8 different springs: pood fish-
Ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
$10 per week and upward : table unexcelled; bard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal. : . r :.
IKIAH STABLES AIB STAGE COMPASY;
Wll. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD T CRN-
•' outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing ■
parties a specialty. State street, ' adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiab, Cal. .".Vichy Springs stage mee.s all:
trains. Dally - stage tor . Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell, .
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. ,-..;■ , --: . , u
WHITE OAK FARM.
. VTEAB CLOVERDALK; PLENTY OF FRUIT.'. \
II vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, eggs,
etc. : terms $7 per week. :-. Address W. H. HI ATT, " -
Cloverdaie. Cal. ■■• . _;■■::;-. . t ;.-\ :.:.::.- •.,-■, . -.. ■
■ TUSCAN V- SPRINGS.
It Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Ciout, Scrofula," Diseases of Sidneys ■
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases mau Is • heir :
to. For rates and fare apply to '. ' .-•' :.-'■
W. J. O'XKILL, 133 Sixth St. .
blue LAKES PLEASURE RESORT.
.TVTEW, HOTEL, NOW iO PEN; MANY NEW
.Xi , improvements for the entertainment of guests;
the pavilion built over tbe water; naphtha launch,
•CO.; good fishing and hunting. "■ Address CARL ■'
MEYER, Bertha P. 0., Lake co. Do not address ' ",
Blue LakEa ''V^^^BSMHBfi9IBBBBBBHSn
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE BAKKETS.
Pii ver unchanged. •
Wheat and Barley dull.
The other Cereals neglected.
Large shipment of Flour to China.
Hay plentiful and weak.
Potatoes lower and demoralized.
Vegetables steadily declining.
Butier. Eggs and Cheese higher.
Young Poultry lower.
Apricots steady. Peaches weaker.
Berries continue cheap.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Hot weather affects Fruit.
Provisions as before.
New Codfish arrived.
Explanation.
Tee arrow flies with the wind. The top fljrurei
R' station indicate maximum t<*nip«Tatiir«> for the
days; those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isoburs, or solid
lines, connect polns of equal air pressure; i»o
-therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means his;h barometric pressure and
Is usually accomcaniert by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompHTiied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" ns.ially first appear on tbe Washington
coast. Whpn the pressure is high In the interior
and low along tbe coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south ot ort-rron is improb
able. With a "high" In ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure failing to the California coast, warmer
weather may be exppcted in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Uxitkd Status Departmkst of AQKicni> |
TIRK. Weather Bdreau. SaN FRANCISCO, July !
22, 1895, or, m. Weather conditions and general 1
forecast :
' The following, maximum temperatures are re- I
ported from stations in California to-day: . .
■ Eureka 64, Fresno 78, t»an Diego 76. Red Bluff ,
86, San Luis .Obispo 72, Yumi 102, San Francisco j
6*. Los Angeles 84.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66, i
minimum 56 mean 61.
An area of high pressure ' overlies Montana, the ;
Dakotas. Wyoming and the country east. .'An [
area of low pressure extends from Eastern Oregon ;
southward . to Texas. The pressure has risen !
during the past twenty-four hours over all of the j
Pacific slope.
The temperature has fallen over Eastern Oregon, I
Southern Idaho, Utah. Nevada and Eastern Cali- j
fornia. The weather will continue cool in the !
great valleys of California and throughout Nevada .
and Utah.
Heavy rain is reported at El Paso and showers
have occurred throughout Arizona and Utah.
Light - rain has also fallen in the San Joaquln
Valley and on the coast near ban Luis Obispo.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy weather and
■bowers in Southern California, Southern Nevada, ;
tan and Arizona 'l bursilay with colder weather. • |
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours j
ending midnight. July 23. 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy weather especially
along the coast: colder in the valleys Thursday;
southerly winds- . ' ■
Southern California— Cloudy weather, with con
ditions favorable for showers; cooler: southwest
erly wind*. .
Nevada— Cloudy weather Thuisday; colder. .•■ \
Utah— showers -Thursday morning; cloudy
Thursday: colder in.southern portion.
Arizona— Cloudy and conditions favorable for
showers Thursday: decidedly cooler.
Sun Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather with
conditions favorable for shower»: southwesterly
Winds. Al-KXANPKB O. MCADJK,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW IOKK MAKKtIs.
Financial.
. NEW YORK. N. V.. July 22.— The security i
markets were characterized by a better tone and
the efforts of the belated bears to check the rising
tendency proved abortive. The latter made a vi
cious raid on Jersey Central In hopes of starting {
liquidation afresh and the stock was forced down
from 901,4 to 87-/4. ' The general | list refused to >
sympathize and late in the day. when the stock |
named got back to 92, the bears were again buyers. j
The strength of the market. resulted partly from j
the success which has a tended the, bankers', plan
to sustain the treasury reserve, nearly (8,000,000
of the gold pledged having been deposited at the
Bub-treasury up to 3 o'clock, and partly from the
announcement that the foreign bankers were will
ing to co-operate with local capitalists in this im
portant mailer. - ■
- It will be the work of the latter to check gold
exports by supplying the urgent wants' of me re-'
mitters until the crops begin to move, in about
sixty days from now. . '1 hat the street . is firmly
convinced that this can be accomplished is proba- I
bly best attested by the way the engagement' of |
$2,000,000 ■ gold for export to-morrow ; was - re- !
ceived. These heavy withdrawals caused scarcely j
a ripple of excitement anu. had not the slightest :
Influence on stock values. - At the opening the j
market was also sustained by the purchase 01 10,
-000 shares in international "stocks for London ac
count. '
Our securities ruled fractionally higher there, |
which was a great, surprise, in view of the - break '
here at the close yesterday. , Pending: definite
statements Jrom the conference of the bankers at i
Mr Morgan's office, the market dragged, bat when !
It .was reported .that an agreement to control ;
sterling exchange had been, reached prices nd- '
vanced all along the line. -Th« gain was equal to !
%@4% per cent. Jersey Central rose . 41/4 to . 92, :
Late chore 4 to 14%. Chicago Gas 33,4 to 56, !
Sugar 3% to 1068/,, Burlington. Sl/4 to 67, j
Rock Island 2% to 66%, Western Union '
2% to 9%. Manhattan 23, 4 to 9614, New York i
Central 28/^,lO 93"<jj, leather preferred 2 % to i
473,4. Tobacco 21/4 to 583.4, Northwest I*l to I
bt>i.4. ana Consolidated Gas 2% to 146. „ .
, Speculation- closed strong and ■ confident. Net i
changes show gains of i/ 4£3% per . cent. - Total
sales were 208.707 shores, including 63,800 Sugar
48.200 st. Paul and 23,700 Burlington. ..." .ZT'
Bonds were strong: transactions footed up 91, -I
281,000. Atchison fours rose 2Vi to 35; Chicago !
and Northern Pacific fives certificates. ■1% to
39%; Northern Pacific consolidated fives, 114 to
41%.
In Government bonds $140,000 coupon fours of !
1925 sold at 113%@1U and $10,000 do registered j
at 11-%.
Grain.
» ; oi;r _ Easy. Winter wheat, low grades,
1. 70@2 60: do fair to fancy, $2,40 a '
3 40: do pa-ems, $3 45@3 75: Minnesota dear, 1
240ia2 30: do straights, $2 95@3 40: ao patents! ;
$3 16&4:. low. extras. $1 70@2 50: city mills.
98 90. do patents. $4<jx4 25: rye mixture, $2 40<a '
2 90; superfine, $2 «o@3 15:. fine, $3. , Southern !
flour, ' steady, common -. to < fair • extra, $2(a2 60
-good to choice do, $2 60@2 90. Kye flour, quiet!
easy. $2 40@2 B'J. ' H -
BY K— i,ull: Western. 38% c f. o. b.
CORNMEAL— DuII, steady: yellow Western.
$2 05@2 10: Brandy wine, $2 15. . ,
BAKLEY— Quiet, 49 pounds quoted 33% c f an. i
MALT— Quiet: Western. 48@53c. • j
WHEAT— Spot market dull, easier; f. o. b.
64V4c; ungraded r«d,-65@65c; No. 1 Northern! '•
661.AC. •. ■■.■■•■■•. -" . " ■..■.•'•; ' ■ •• : -:• -'■ I
Options were * moderately active and stead •• at I
. Vs<si%c decline on ; easier cables, ..weakness West '
and local realizing. ■'. September and December
most active. July 613 /4 c. August 6314 c Septem
ber, 62iAc; October, 63V 8 c; December, 648/ tC . .
CORN Spot, dull, easier: ■; No. 2, 32@32i4c ele
vator; 331,4 c- ■ • ■.-. -•■ • ■ . -..*--.
Options were dull and closed weak at V«(as/ 8 c de
cline, following the West and on realizing. Octo
ber and v September.' most active- -j July." 32c:
Angnst, 32c: September. H2 y 8 c; October, 32% c. •
FINANCIAL. "^SSS
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WttfcBLOCK & CO.,
, 4 Leideedorff St.. Tel. Kaln 1954.
- ■ BRANCH OFFICE .. . ' '
823 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main . 6828
< v J. S. PCEDY. Manager. - - . ;.-, 
Orders instantly ■ executed on latest market quo-
" tations." Reference Ist National Bank, 6, F. • '
CHICAOU. PIUVAfi. WAttJa. AMiiW "XURK,
■\ OATS— Spot, aulet and strong. - . .
. Options dull, firm; . July, 21% c; September,
21 %a 4 ■--. ■•: .'■'■:.. :,■■-.' -'.;■'• '■:'■.•■,-'- '• '
:»t.ot ■ prices: No. 2. 22c; No. 2 white, 32V2@
33^0;' No. 2 Chicago, 23c; No. 21c: No. 3 hi...
22% c: mixed. Western. . 22@23%c; white do,"
22®28c; White Mate, 22©2b&
FEED BRAN— 5O@52%a
MIDI) LIKGS—6O@62 Vac
RYE— Feed, 65c. •
'■. " lTovi»lon«.
BEEF— Steady. Family, ?B@9: extra • mess,
$6®7., beef hams. dull. $14 50@i5. Tit- reed beef,
quiet: city extra India mess," #11@12. Cut meats,' |
steady, quiet ; pickled b<*llles, pounds, 5c asked;
do shoulders, 33/ 4 (<t4c: do hams. 9@loc ?
LAB DuII, lower. . Western . steam. $3 . 55;
city. - $3: Seotember,' *3 *7; refined, easier,
continent. $3 9 1 : south American, $4 60: com
pound, 334 @4c. : ■■ < . .■
PORK-'Cluiet. easier. Old mess, 97 50@7 75:
new mess. $7 75@8 25. -
;•■ BUTTEK-Moderate ' demand, • steady. State
dairy, 10®14%c: do creamery, ll%feclftc: West
ern dairy. Seal "Jc: do creamery, 11%@15c: fac
tory. B%(j}lo%c; Elgms, 15c. •- ,
CHEKSr — Quiet, steady. . State large, 5%@6%c;
do small, 6 %®7c: part skims, 2@6c. .-■<•
" EGGS— Fair demand.steady. state and Pennsyl
vania, 14c:. Western ■ fresh, -Il@l3c; do per
case, $1 26@3 10. ■ h"?^BSßs£BWb&»>*«
TALLOW— DuII, steady. City, 3@3 l-16c; coun- !
try, 3(§3y 8 c '< ,-.-:■■■
COTTO^SEED OIL— Dull, steady; Crude, 20c;
prime. 24c ; off grade. 231 2 (a24c. " . '
POTATOES— Firmer; , lair . demand. Southern,
50@90c.
lKlCE— Steady, fair demand. Domestic, fair to
extra, 3@6>/4c; Japan, 4@4%c.~ '. . ■
• MOLASSES— Quiet, steady. - New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice. 27@37c.
. COFFEE— Steady, 5 ' to 20 points down. ; July,
911 30@ll 35; August, 10 65; September. 910 25;
October, $9 80; November, *$9 65; December,
99 65; February, $9 45; March. f9 45@9 60; May,
9 40. Spot Rio, dull, lower: No. 7, Vi V?c.
B SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady.- Refined, quiet
and unchanged; off A. 4 3-16@4S/ c; mold A,
4%c; standard . A, ' 4sfec; confectioners' A, 4y»c:
cut loaf 5y 8 c; crushed. 514 c: powdered. 4y 8 c :
granulated, 46/ g o; cubes. sc; fair refining 12 "foe;
centrifugal, 96 test. 3 6-16&
-, Fruit and Produce.
- APRICOTS— OId, • Dags, 8%@llc: do new.
8%@9%c. , .
CHES— Peeled, 9 tb, 13@14c; de impelled.
7%as%c. ■ --.—.-■
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal: 4S / i@sc ■■ '
RAISING— Two-crown, loose muscatel, 38 / i@4c;
do three-crown, 6c: do lour-crowu, 5%c; do 1.011
-don layers. 91@1 05. - . . X . -
HOPS— DuII, easy; State, common to choice,
2@7V»c; Pacific Coast, 2%©6% c.
WOOL— Dull, steady: aoruestlc fleece, 16@22c:
polled, 15@33c; Texas, 7(a)l2c
Merchandise.
Pin IRON-Quiet, easy: American. $10 25®
12 50,
COPPER-Flrmer: lake. 810 85@11 15.
LEAD— Easy; domestic, $2 76@2 85.
'i^-Dull, t-asy ; airaita. »13 40@13 50.
PLATES— Quiet, steady.
SPELTER-Dull: dcrrfntlc. f 3 9o@J.
CHICAUU .MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., July 22.— The same ■ listless
ness I which characterized the trade In the grains j
yesterday was again apparent to-day. The trans
actions were local and Of a scalniiig nature. -Th<*
traders kept in touch with the security variations,
and this was the only distinguishing feature. | Lit
tle attention was paid lo the Populist convention
at St. Louis. Receipts 'in j the Northwest were re
markably heavy, 490 cars, against 273 last I
Wednesday ; ana 147 ■ a ear : ago. Chicago . re-'
ceived 156 cars, of which 147 were new, and In
spected out 11,350 bushels. Liverpool reported a
decline of l^d in wheat. The seaboard clearances
for twenty-tour hours were 116,836 bushels. Con- I
tibental* cables closed about' steady. ■ September |
wheat opened from 56 7 /b c to 66»/ic, sold between
667/ g cand 56 Vic, closing at 66% c and 56% c, \ ' c
under yesterday. .Estimated receipts for to-mor- i
row, 135 cars. . .
1 CORN— Was slow. The receipts were larger
; than the estimates, 285 cars, while 200 «ere
scheduled. Withdrawals from store amounted to
49,000 bushels. Liverpool cables were unchanged.
Export clearances were 60.19 a bushels. Septem- |
ber corn open -d at 26Vic. sold between 265/»c and '
26 1 /s c ' closing at 26Vs<0>6V^c, : %c under yester- '
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 270 cars. \
j OATS— Were featureless with an- undertone of i
firmness due to lighter: receipts. Receipts were j
! 141 cars, and 12.240 bushels were withdrawn from
, store. September oats closed a shade higher than :
j yesterday. Estimated receipts lor to-morrow 225
' cars. ...'.;-"■■.' .'. -.."■' fHititPHaßM
FLAX— Was easier: cash, . 71% c; September,
71 %c; December. 73JAc.
1 PROVISIONS— Six dollars was the price at one
; time to-day for 1 September pork— apparently < a
! rock bottom figure. Lard and ribs also were very
' weak. The fall in prices of from f>©loc In liv«
i hogs, and heavy receipts were enough to make a
; valid excuse for deteriorating, value. Septemoer j
pork closed 22 Vic lower, September lard and ribs
j each E@7%c lower. -•
j BUTTER — Lower. Creameries — Extras, 14c;
; firsts, I 2y 2 @13%c; seconds, 10@llc; imitations,
I fancy, 10@llc. -,gMa|iWtg»''l^jgg' g jßyg&^ iw;}V fc
: ■ EGGS — Quiet. . Really fresh, loose, 9 V2C
9. doz; rehandled, 9%@10c: shipping order, 10c:
Southern. 9c * doz.
.MONEY — Steady at s@tS%oncaU and 6% for urn»,
', luans.: New York, exchange was steady at 60c
: discount. ■
Clooinsj Prices.
, WHEAT— JnIy, 55^.0: September. 66% c; De
cember, 58% c. . -. .
CORN— Ju.y, 256/gc: September. 26y 8 @261/ic:
May. 28% c. .
OATS— JuIy. l"i,4c; September. 17Vs@17JAc;
May, 20y 8 c ' • j ■
PORK— September. $6 02%; January $8 82%.
LARD— September. *3SO: Januarr, *3 62%.
l.iiib-Sepiemoer, 83 27%; January, »3 42%.
.... Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., July 22.-Cattle-
An unexpectedly large supply weakened the mar
ket and prices were 10@15c lower. Hogs— the in
creased arrivals caused a decline of. 5c for light
and s@loc for heavy.' Sheep— lncreased receipts
were responsible for a further decline.
•' CATTLK— KeceiDU. 22,000. Fancy beeves. »4 40
(n i 60; choice to prime, 1300 to 1800 Ib steers,
*4 20@4 35; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1700 Ib,
$4@* 16; medium steers, 1000 to 1350 tb. $3 70
<a,"i 95: common to fair steers. 950 to 1200 Ib $3 25
(93 65: feeders, S3 30(j$3 80: common to choice
siockers. 92 20@3 20; . bulls, choice to ex
tra,' $2 75@3 16; bulls, poor to choice. $1 75
@a 70; cows and h-ifern, extra, S3 tSo<o,3 90;
cows, fair to choice, 82 40@3 60: : tows,
common to falrcannera, $1 10@2 25; calves, good
to choice. $5 25@5 85; calves, common to good,
$4 OU@5 20: Texas grass^rs. $2 40@3 16: Texas
fed steers, $3 2t'@3 70: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen. $2(92 85; milKers and springers, per head,
$20@37 60; . stern range steers, $3 10@3 70.
Bugs— Receipts. -8.000. Heavy pacxlne ana
shipping lots. 82 70«2 85: ■ light, S3 25@3 SO;
pigs. *3©a 60. . ■....
mi KM- Ktceipis. 17.000. inferior ■to choice,
42^.8 26: lambs, 439 3 90.
NEW VOKK STOCKS.
Bond*, Exchange, Money and Railroad
"... Shares.
- Money on car quiet at 2@BVfe\': • last loan at 2%
and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile pa
per. sVj@6v P-*r silver, 68 ~/ 6 c j Mexican dollars,
53 8 /4@64»4c Sterling Kxcriauge steady. with actual
business in bankers' bills ' at $4 88 for 60 days
and « 4 88% for demand. . Posted rated. $« 88V3
fc-4 89V/- Commercial bills, $4 87Vs>. Govern ment
bonds higher; : State ; bonds quiet; railroad bonds
stronger. ... ■ • :■ . ■ ' ■
• '.'■ -i CXOBIKO STOCKS. , ■
Ato Tel * Cable.... 88 ' Norfolk 4 West™ . 6
A tcblson.. . . .'. « .... .12 ■ Preferred. : :."..;.. - : 11 ' •
« Preferred 17% Northern Pacific...' 6Vj
Adams Express. 146 Preferred 13J^
Alton. Terre Haute '60 ■" Northwestern 95Vs
American ExpresslOB '-. Preferred 148 ;■
A Tonacco. . 58V& N. Y. Central 951/4
Preferred... .94 X.Y. .Chicago**. L, • K'Vi
Bay State Ga5.. ....- 17 . .? Ist preferred 70
Baltimore & Ohio.. 16 '< Id preferred......' 24 V»
Brunswick Lands.. V% N. Y.<fe N. H...'.... 160
Buffalo, Roch & P. . 22 . X.' Y. & New En*. 36
Canada Pacific..... 69 ■■ N. V.. Susq & W... . iy^
Canada southern.. 44% Preferred ........ lrtVa
Canton Land ...... 60 0ntari0..;......;... ; 11 Vi
Central tic..... 14 . Ontario «fc Western 138/»
Ches. <fe 0hi0....:..' a* - Oregon Improvmnt -y^
Chicago Alton. 151 Vi 1 Preferred........: — -. .
Preferred. ;.■.:..:. 7o .• Oregon Navigation 12' :.
Chicago, B. A Q 6t> 8 /i Oregon Short Line. 10
Chicago <fe E. 111... 401/2 Pacific Ma 11.:...... 18%
Preferred..:. .... 95 Peorla, D.<t Evans - lib
CblcagoGas.. .- B !Pitubure: AW. pfd 15 .
Cleve& Pittsbnrg..l64 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..145%
Consolidation Coal. 31 'Quicksilver. H/a
Consolidated Gas.. 146 Preferred ...:... 13 ,
C. C. C. & St. 1-ouls 231/2 Reading ......: 11 V»
." Preferred.....:.. . : 79. KioGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel iroc. 17!«4i Preferred.;..;:... 40
Preferred 100 nock 151 and........ 661^
Cotton Oil Cert .... »%: Home Wat&Ogaen. 114 .
Commercial Cable. 1 25 * St. L. &S. W....:. i 3%
Del. Hudson 118 :Preferred...*..:..:' 8
Del.Lack&Westrn.lsoi/<i ! st. Paul 71«/ a
Denver<fcß.O...... 12 ■ , Preferred.;....:.. 124
• Preferred..-.;..".. 44 V4 Bt . Paul & Duluth.- 15
Di5ti11er5........... 11% Preferred 87 ■
General Electric... - 23s< s st. Paul & Omaha. 33%
Erie........;........ 14 I Preferred •.:.....: 122 .
. Preferred......... ' 29% St. P. M. & M..;.;. 10S .
Fort Wayne ...... 163 Oliver Certificates. : 69 '
Great Northern pfd 10H {Southern Pacific... IBV4
Green 8ay.....;.... ' % Southern R. &.....'< 7%
Hkrlem.-. .;*..-;;'.: 294 i-Preierred..;;.'.:.; 21Va
Hocking coal ... .. • ¥» Sugar Refinery ... 105 p
Hocking Valley.... 15% v Preferred.:......: 97 .
Homestake. 84 Term. Coal & Iron. il«%
H. <t Texas Cent... Preferred. .. 90 -
Illinois Central 91 Texas Pacific .6%
lowa Central ....:. -6V B Tol.A.A.ifc N.Mich.— .
' Preferreo . 23% To!. & Ohio Cent... .30
Kansas & Texas... 10 i Preferred. :..:.:. 70
• Preferred.:....;;. 191/4 Tol.Su Loins* K.C. 6 v
KinKs'on& Pern... 3 Preferred. .:'■'• 6 '■'■
Lake fcrle * Westn . 15% Union Pacific!. i. -' 6%
• <Preferred...V.u..;e2% O . P. Den «fe Gulf.. ' 2
Lake Shore ..... 141% v. S. Cornac*: .■.-. •8%
>ational Lead 198/* Preferred!:" ...I* 7%
.Preferred......:.. 80% Guaranteed ......-< 15*/*
Long 151 and..;...-:. 72 U. 6. Kxpress:..:.. 40
Louisville & Nash. 47V, 0. S. Leather:::.". 6%
Loniaville Na&Ch ,?^ Preferred..'....... '47%
M Preferred 13% v. 8. Rubber 15*4
Mannattan Consol: 96 r Preferred ... 70^/1
Memphis & Charls. 16 > Utlca &B. R. ver. . 160 U
■Mexican Central;..; 28 Nvab. S. L. & Pac.. 6S/ S
Mchlga-. Central.. 94 Preferred.....:' -.i4a/ 4
Minn 5.^L,:.:....— . Wells-Farg0.. ....... 90 *
Preferred - — Western Union :.- 79%
Minn <t St. L com. 13 Wisconsin Central. *-. 1%-»
Ist prererred 65 Wheeling &L. E.". -h%
-- 2d preferred. ... 38 ; Preferred. ■. 2«
Mobile & 0hi0.::..; 16 W. U. Beet. tiiZ
Nashville <fc Chatt. ; 67% Ann Arbor/"""*" 6
Rational Unseed.. ;15 - i. Preferred... ;;'"... 19
£• iv Centr^l" ; "- 8 1 M, Brooklyn TracUor.
Ixorta American... 31/, Kris 2U ..,.,,. 17
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
\ . '.'v.'fXCSIKO BOKM. ■ -"
C B4r, registered.. 10«i«,;,iM X T 2d5:.'....... S3
.Bo 4*. coupon:. v.lo7' i 'Do 4s -.■...;■.-...'. ■ 78V a
I I 4s new. regstrdll2S,i Mutual Union 8,... 108 •
I'o 4s. coupon. ..:il?ai N J Cent Gen 55T:.115 ■' ',
Do V 5 ............ 95' Northern Pac 15t5.113%
D055.:.;..:.r...:ii0'.i D05d5.. ;.:.„... .107 *
.1 efts. coupon.".:. lll Vi! : 1>03d5:.;.:. .",."... -65%'
Cherokee 45," 3896.100 Northwest Consols.l 3B .- .
Do 1597......:.;.10J 'I I Do deb 65."...:..-.107 V
Do 1838.. .:..;:. 10) OR<t N 15t5...;;;.105
Do 1899:.;... ....100 StlAfclronMtGenSs 68 i
Penile, "is of '95..:. VStL<t S F Gen 6s. 102 :
DC 3-655...V. ..:... 109V4 ' Paul C0n5015... .124 '
Ala Class A 4s 104 . St Pl'4 Pa 15:5..,117
Do Class 84, 55.. 102 ' Do Puc Cal lsts.:ill ; -
La Consol 45:.. ...^ 93 ■ Southern KR5s... 83%'
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 79 <
N Carolina con 65.. 115 Texas l'acilic 2ds.. 17
D 045... ........... 93 Union Pac lsts 96.100
180 Carolina 4%5.V. 100 West Shore 45...... 103
Term new 3s 76 Mobile «S Ohio 4s. 59
Va funding debt... 56% R Grande West lsts Sa
Do registered - — iChes 4 Oulo 55... .103%
Do deferred 65... • 5 !A unison 45........ 75
_Do trust rcptsst. *-Vi, •Do ads A..'.;..... 34%
CanadaSouth2ds..lol • GH 4 HA 6s: 101 .
ten Pac lstaof '96. 89% Do2d 75.......... 95
Den AKG Ist 110 H * Tex Cent 65.. 105
-Do 4e............... 89 • Do con 6s. ...... 102 :
trie V!d5. ......;..-.. 34 Reading 45.. 73%
Kansas Pa Consols 69 ' Missouri tu.. ..;.:.. 100
Kb Pa lsta Den «Hvlloy 3 .
FOREIGN MABKKT3.
WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL'
LIVERPOOL fcNo.. July 22.— spot market
Is steady at 5s 4d@a 4 V«d. Cargoes firmer at l!8s,
prompt shipment. • "'-. ,
' •■;-:'■ rUTUBM.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: - July,
4slOV4d: August, 4s 10d: September, 4s 10d;
October, 4s 10i/4d; November. 4s Id/fed.
" ■'■' .■ BBCUBITIKB. ."'.'■.;.,"
LONDON, Kko., July' 22. — Consols, 113%;
Silver, 31 %d; French Rentes, 101f97%c.
KXCHAXGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — f4 88V4
Sterling Exchange, sight, — 489V4
sterling Cables — 4 85154
New York Exchange, sight — 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07^
Fine silver. f( ounce. — 68%
Mexican Dollars 64 64y*.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AXU OTHER GRAINS.
..WHEAT— The. situation is unchanged. Na 1,
93%@95c:, choice, 96i>4®97i/2c; lower grades,
87y a ®92i*c; extra choice for milling, «I@l 10
* cti. .'. ■"•• ■ " . . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales. ; -
Bkguxar Morning Session— No sales. ■
- afternoon ' Sxssion — December — 700 tons,
98«y»c. " ■
BARLEY — The market Is quiet and weak and
the top figure is obtainable only for choice old. We
quote Feed, 67%<a70c 9. ctl : Brewing, 75@80c.
' ' I.;-*-* CALL. BOARD SALES.' .
. IsroßHiL Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, fc9c. . ■/■ ... ". , . .: , , : !
Kkgulab Mobnixg Session— No sales. , ■. ■
afternoon Session — December— loo tons,
69Vs«- :■••'. ■- . - • '
O.ri'S-So change to report. Milling, 85@90c fl
ctl; fancy feed, 90@92%c « ctl: good to choice,
2 @9oc: common 10 fair, 72%@S0e; Gray, 80©
S'J%c: surprise, 95c@*l 02%. . .. ....
CORN-Large Yellow,' B*-- /4 (a95c; Small Round
d0,97%c: White, 77 %@82%c '0 ctL
RYE— 72%@76c 9. ctl for old and 65c for new.
BUCKWHb AT— Nominal. '
FLOUR AND aiILXSTUFFB.
FLOUR— Owing to a prospective advance In
i steamer freights to | the' Orient the Doric took out
32,474 barrels, one of the largest shipments ever
' made on one steamer. 1 Net cash' prices are as fol
i lows: Family extras. $3 60@3 70 t* hbl: Bakers'
extras, 93 4U@3 50; superfine, 52 75@3.
<ORNMEAL, fc.TC— Feed Corn, »19 50@20:
Cracked Corn. 20 50@21 9 ton. ,
1 -MILLSTVFFS— Prices In 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
3*4 c: Rye Flour. 3Vic; Rice Flour. 7%c; Corn
' meal.2^4@3c; extra ci earn Oa:ru>-ai.#2 90;
! Oat-Groam," 4c; Hominy, 4@4%cj r Buckwheat
Flour, 4c; -Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina, 4%c:
; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4i 4 c: Pearl
{ Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, A'Ac^Greeu do, s Vic
%i tt>. ' '■■■"'
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— SIS 50@14 bO for the best and 812 50
@13 9 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— BIS®I6 9. ton for lower grades
and $17&18 9. ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFB -Rolled Barley, $15@15 50: Olr
cake Meal at the mill. 821 ft ton: jobbing, $22.
H AY— Receipts continue large and the market
Is very weak. Wheat, $7@lu a ctl; Wheat and
Oat, 86 50@9: Oat. 86(a»b; Barley, »6@B; Hirer
Barter. 84 50@5: Alfalfa, " «5 60@6 60; ' Clover,
«6(»7 60. ■
bTKAW— 3O@4Oc 9, bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
. BEANS- Bayos, 90c(|i*l $ ell; Small Whites,
$!tel 15 9 ctl; Pea, Sl@l 25 f ctl; Large. Whites,
90c@$l lO^ctl; Pink, 70@80c: Herts. SKd,: 20;
Biacke c. *1 25@1 50: Red Kidney, nominal;
Li mas. S2@2 30; Butters, Sl@l 50.
1 SKhDS-Brown Mus ard Is quotable a: 81 60@
2 25 "$ ctT; Trieste, -s2@2 50 f, ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, SI 40@l 60; Flax, sl 70@l MO: Canary, 4 c
9 &>; 'Alfalfa; 7%@9%c V lb: Rape. 2%c ft Ib:
Hemp, 3%c "§> Ib. • • •
DRIED j'Kas-?1 25@1 40 V ctl for Mies and
SI 25®1 45 for Green. ...
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Lower, plentiful and demoralized.
Garnet Chiles are quotable at 60@70c; Early Rose,
in sacks, 25@30c;. Early: Rose in boxes. 25@35c;
Burbank Seedlings. 25&40 c 9: ctl for Rivers and
i 60c@$l for San Leandro. '
-. ONIONS— White, 30@40c; Red, unsalable. . \
VEGETABLES— The tendency continues down
■ ward. Green Corn. 35c@$ 1 $ sack: AlamedaCorn,
i 81 50(3,1 75 * crate: Berkeley, Corn, Sl©l 25;
summer squash, 16@25ctor Bay; Ekg Plant, 50c@
81 9. box: Tomatoes, -76c@91' for Rivers and 16
(£3sc for Vacaville; Cucumbers in small boxes.
•^sc; Alameda ' Cucumbers, 50@58c; Asparagus,
BJ@3 « box; Green. Peppers. 26@40c 9. small box
and 6O@i7sc 9 large box for Cinle and 76c@91
i for Bell; Green Peas, 75c@$l %* sack for. com
mon and 2@2%c 9 ib for harden: string . Beans,',
60c@f 1 f 1 sack for common and 2@3c for garden;
Green Okra,'6oc@sl 9. box; Cabbage, 40c %l ctl;
i Carrots, 25@30c %* sack; Garlic, 2@2%c %* Ib.
BUTTER, CH>ESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Fancy Creameries have again ad-
vanced. ■
- Creamery— Fancy, 18@18%c; seconds, 15%©
16% C H IC. . " . • • .!; :' ™
. • Daiky— Fancy, 15%©18 c: good to choice, 14@
lie; lower grades, l2© 13c .... ■■....
CHEESE— Another advance Is noted. Stocks
are light.' Fancy , mild new quotable at 7 %@9c;
common to good; 6@Tc; Cream Cheddar, 9S»10c:
Young America, B(£9c f» Ib; "Western, 10@llc;
Eastern, Iliijiri' ' nHHJWWtHIPHU II HIHrVl'dJ^'HJiM
EGGS— The market continues to advance. Store
Eggs, 10@ll%c 9. doz for poor and 12%@14c for
strictly good; ranch Eggs, 15@lb%c; Duck Eggs,
14(g)15c. ' ■ ■-•. - - ■" "
POULTRY A>'D GAME.
POULTRY— Young stock ' Is lower. * Live Tur
keys, 13@14c '$ K. for Gobblers, 12@13c 9 Ib for
Hens: young Turkeys, 17@19c; Geese, "$ pair, $1;
Goslings, $I@l 50; Ducks, $2 50&3 65} V doz for
old and $2 60@b for young: Hens. 94@5; Boosters,
young, $5@6: do. old. $4(§!4 50: Fryers. $3 50@4:
Broilers. *3@3 50 for large and.sl7s@2 60 for
. small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 f* doz for young and
old. : •"■■ •,•■";:>/:' *<MWB»B&^
GAME— Nominal. • ' : . : ' • -
DKCIDUOIS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Peaches are lower. , Apricots are steady. , ■
; Red Nectarines. 60@75c: White,' 26©sOc f> box.
' Peaches, 25@50c %>. box and 20®50c 9 basket. -
: Plums, 35fe76c %> box and 76@85c '■$ crate.
Prunes, 75c@«l. ;• ■ . • .
; 'Apples; 76c@$l 25 9 box for choice and 40@65c
for common.;. ■■• , r
Crabapples, 30@50c 9 box. . '; . • v
Pears, 25® JOc 9 ' Box; Bartlctts, 40@65c $ box
and $20 ft ton. . ■ . . '-,'■.■
Apricnts, 30(a.700 9. box; . 825@30 ft ton In
bulk forth* general run, with sales of poor at $20
@i 2 60 »nd of choice at $32 50. - -
Pigs. ft box for single and $I@l 60 V box
for double layers. - '
BERRIES— - •■ t •■■•- - ' . • "
berries, $2@3 f, chest for Longworths and
$1 60@2 50 for lance berries. ' i- -
. RaspberneK, $2 60^3 60 9 chest.
" •' Blackberries. $2@3 if", chest.
Currants, s Caj4 'Schesr. - ; -.
■ GRAPES— Vacaville Sweetwaters and Fontaine
bleau, 35@7Sc |ft • box and 50c®$l 9 crate. Ari
zona Grapes are coming In poor and the consignees
do not quote them. "-' *•■--.'.■:: '■■■■■ ■ ■
t - MELONS — Watermelons, *12 50(3,20 fi 100.
Cantaloupes, $2 50@4 50 9. dozen. ■ ■
i < CITRUS FRlll'S— Oranges, $2 50@3 9. box for
Valencias and $2@3 for Mediterranean Sweets- and
St. " Michaels; Lemons. $1 . 60@2 . 60 for i common
and $3@4 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $1 25
©1 SUV 100; Bananas, $1 ©2 %i bunch; Pineap
ples, $I@4 %l do sen**^SnMMHBHBS6Q
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRTJITS—
Resorts from Fresno, Hanford and other points
In the upper San Joaquln tell of damage to Prunes
by a heatof 112* and 120* In the shade.
New Apricots, 6%@6c '* ' Ib in the' sweat-box:
6V4@6%c 1. o. b., coast and 5%@8%c San Fran-
Cisco.
■ Quotations on the Frnlt Exchange are as follows :
'. '« Carload Lots— Apples— l%@2c f, fb s for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4&84% c for evaporated-
Peaches, 3©sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 5Vi(3
6%c for prime to cnolce. - — - for fancy and 10(al 1c
9, lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2%c for im
,pressed:* \Vnlt«;i-'lgii,- r Ac in sac : 1 ■»•«>. s. 7,- pi ft,
lor evaporated;. halves.". 3Vs@6c fi Ib for quarters-
Prunes. I! Vic y, lb: Plums. 3%c V. Tb lor pitted nnd
l%(tp'.'c for unpitted; •Nectarines, av-:®sc « Ib tor
prime to choice an<?.6%c for fancy, v •■ ■ ;— w •
' Jobbing 'Pbices— Eva •, orated • Apples, 4@sc
9. Vt>: sundried, iy,@'/c; Peaches. 3%®5c an 6c
tor tancy ; peeled in boxes. 12i lb; Prunes, 3%c
for -: four sizes, 4%c ■ for ■ 40@50's and 4c for
50@60's:;, Apricots. B@7c for prime ■■ to * choice
10(g.ll for fancy V Moorpark; Firs, black, 3V.J'
White -Fies, ;: j @sc; Pears, 8c $ tb for evaporated
halves and 4@7%c for. quarters; Plmns, 3 Vi@4c
for pitted and. I@l%c for unplttea: - Nectarines.
4(&5< > Vn> lor pr.uie to choice. -, • '••*f.?&^'i
..RAIsINs — Prices: are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. ii. Fresno: v Four-crown, loose, noue: * 3 crown.
j loose, none; 2-crown. ¥* lb: seedless SBlUwas, ;
: .c; sefdless Muscat* Is, I3ic: 3-crnwn London lay
ers, 70c box:clo«ien«.si 36@1 50;Dehesa clus
ters.'« 2 10<g,j 25; Inip«ri clusters. #2 cO<a.2 75 j
• ,'■ Jobbing Pkh-kh— Four-crown;- loose, none: 3
crown," none; s 2-crown, ' 3 Vic ,"$ Ib." . heedless ■ Sul
tanas, 4c "£ Ib; seedless 3c; crown
Lon Jon layers. : 75<a90c: clusters. -*1 £o@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters. $2 75.
' NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Wainuts, 9@
lie for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c^i Ib for paper-shell,'
jobbing lots; Almonds. »>@7V»c $ Ib ■ for Lan
tuedoc, 2%®3c %>, ft for liarTlshell ana 8@ 10c
1* Ib for -paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts. s@Ki/2C
?» . Ib ■ for Eastern and : Jor. California: Hicfc
ory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for ■ rou/li ; and 8c for 1
polished; Filberts, B@9e: Brazil Nuts, 7@Bc %* Ib;
Cocoanuts, $4 50@6 V 100. -
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water- white extracted, 5©5% c:
light amber extracted, 4%<&4%c; dark amber, 4@
414 c: dark; 2@3c 9. Ib. ■ .-■ ■■■•- ■
■ BEESWAX-25@27%C^1b. : •'■'
PROVISIONS. .".
■ CURED MB ATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6%c for
heavy, 7%c ■$ tt. for light medium. 9@9%c for
light, 10@lle for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; .Eastern . Susar^Jiired . Hams, 12@12%c:
California Hams, ■ 10%@llc lb: Mess Beef, $7
@><; extra mess do, $8 su(di9; family do. $10; extra
prime Pork, $BfeB 60; extra clear, $14 %* bbi;
mess. Sl2 50(§i13 '?. bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c t*. Ib.
LARD— Eas;ern. tierces Is quoted at 5V4c <£ ft,
for compound and 61/4 C for pure; pails, 7c 9. Ib;
California tierces, 4 ! » / i.c for compound ana tic for
pure: hal/-bbls, 614 c: 10-tb tins, 7c; do 5-tt>. /4 c.
COTTOLENE— 6Vi@sS^c in tierces and 6V4®
6%c V* tt» In 10- D, tins. - ;
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND . SKINS — Heavy . salted • steers
are quotable : at 7@7%c 9, lb: culls and brands,
6@6%c a,, medium, $@6%c"^"lb:cnUs and
brands, 5@5%c %i ft; light, sc: culls and brand*,
•c: Cowhides, o@s%c: culls and brands, 4®4%c;
salted Kip, 5c 9, ft; salted Calf, 7@Bc; aalted Veal.
6c; . dry Hides, 10%@llc; culls and brands, 8@
BV2C: dry Kip and Veal, B@9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20@36c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer,- 25@,30c; medium, 15®
25c: winter, 7@loc; sheepsklna,shearlings,lo@lsc
e»ch; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40@
60c each: long : wools, 60@60c oach. I Culls of all
kinds about %c less. ,
• T ALLOW—^ o, 1, rendered, : 3@3Vic; No. ; 2,
2%c: refined, 6%c; Grease, 2V*c V ft.
-WOOL — Humboldt • and • Mendoctno, , 10@12c
"$ ft; Valley Oregon, 10@llc 9. ft; do lower grades,
B@loc f» ft; Nevada, «@9c f! ft: San Joaqufn and
t-outhern Coast, . six months, 4@6c: San Joaquin,'
foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc: san Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4%@6V«c; northern free, 7&»c: do defec
tive. s@6%cV ft.
HOPa-'^@4c %i ft for 1896 and 6®7%c tor 1898.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 25; San
Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24i^@26Vic
COAL— Harrison's circular says; "There are
now en route six vessels (one in ballast) from the
Colonies, with over 16,000 tons of Coal, hence this
is the eutire amount we may expect to arrive prior
to October. There Is listed as engaged to load
Coal (now en route and to be loaded) from New
castle and Sydney, 32 vessels with a capacity of
about 105,000 tons. This looks like a formidable
amount, bui when it is ascertained that it will be
fully six months beforethese 32 vessels will have
arrived, this will be an average of 17,500 tons per
month, winch is barely sufficient for our require
ments, and our market now is almost entirely out
of colonial grades. The final settlement of tbe
Newcastle strike was welcome news here, as some
cargoes of Wallsend Coal are needed here badly,
but we principally want the tonnage that has been
detained there to get our Incoming grain crop
moved. It has upset all local caculations upon our
tonnage supply, as no one figured on a cessation of
shipments from Newcastle to last over two or
three weeks, whereas It continued just eleven
weeks." Wellington, $8 f» ton; New Wellington,
$8 9-. ton: Soutbßeld Wellington, 97 50 ft ton;
s-eattie, $5@5 60; Bryant. $5; coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, *7: scotch. $7 60; Brvmbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $U@l2 in bulk and *i3@l4 iv sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11 SJ; Welsh
Aiuliracltc, $8; Cannel. $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley- $7 60; Cote,
$1 Kali: in bulk ami $13 i» ton in sks.
CuDt'lsH— A cargo ot 80,000 fish, the first of
the season, is in from Alaska.
SUUAK— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crusned. 5 %«• ;
Powdered, 6tyjc: Fine Crushed, 5 1 ;-' 8 c; Dry Granu
lated, sc; Confectioners' A. sc; Magnolia A, 4. r « 8 c;
Extra C, 43£ c; Gulden C, 4» 8 c: half barrels, V4C
more than barrels, and boxes Vz c more.
SYRL'P— uoldeu, in bbls, lot; black Strap, 10c
*gal.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: ■
BEE f— First quality, sc; second do, 4%@4» / 4c;
third do, 31/3(0.40 '*. ft..
VEAL— Large, 4@6c; small; s@6c 9 Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, s@s%c;Ewes, 4%@5c
9 Ib. ;•■ .- ..
LAMB— 6@6c * tb.
POKK— Hogs, SVi@3%c » Ib for large and
33/4 c for small and medium: dressed do, 4%@6c
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
• -'% .': FOB '-4 HOI!?*. . .
Flour. qr. sks.... 42.984|Cbeese. ct15... ..'.'. 151
Wheat, ct15...... I, lS6! Eggs, doz 6,400
Barley, ctls ... . 19,238 Hides, no 551
Oats, ct15........ 515:Peli8, bdls ...... 100
Beans, sks.. 2... 00! Wine, gals. .. 53,00: i
Potatoes, sks -• 2,881 Quicksilver, flslcs " • 90
Onions, 5k5...... . 5501 Wool, bis 33
Middlings, sks... ' " .' 600 Lumber, M feet.. 20
Bran, 5k5........ ' Tallow, ctl? 16
Hay, ton*..-. .".•.;. " 621 Leather, rolls 127
straw, t0n5...... 1 8 Chicory, Mils.... ■ 10
Butter, ct15...... 201 Rape Seed, sks.. '71
THE STOCK MARKET.
. Yesterday was another off day, especially on the
afternoon call, when Chollar sold off to $1 80. (.'on.
Pal. A Va. to $1 55, Hale <fe Norcross to $1 05,
Potosl to 80c, and so on. The close,' however, was
stronger again. ■ '
- Following is an official account of the operations
in the main Comstock workings of the Hale A
Norcross mine for the week ended July 17: Main
shaft— i on tinned easing timbers between the 900
and * 976 levels. 900 level— The . north
drift was advanced 12 feet; total lengah 190 feet.
The streak of ore continues, varying from 4 to 8
Inches and assaying ' $165 80 ;In ; gold . ana 129
ounces in silver. ■ 975 level—Started to raise for
eleventh floor in upraise 8. Worked north on tne
tenth floor. The ore continues about the same as
last reported, assaying: Gold. $20 10: silver, 16
ounces per ton. Have made necessary repairs on
this level the past.' week. Shipped . to the Dazet
mill 68 tons and : 1700 pounds of ore assaying . per
wagon samples: : Gold, $21; sliver, 18 ounces per
ton. : Exracted I during I the week | from the open
ings 7 cars of ore. assaying, per mining car sample:
Gold. $40 91; silver,- 82 27- 100 ounces per ; ton.
Shipped to the United States mint at I Carson 67
pounds of crude bullion (Inclusive, of 22 pounds
shipped on June 26), assay value as yet unknown.*
.'. 1.CA.1 _■'•." A.L..-JS. ... ' .
' Following were the : Bales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: . ! ••*
RKori.AR MORMVH «IW">-* 'n«r>»»V"tTl 1:11,
100 Alpha.... 10:400 CC&V.. 1.701250 Ophir... .97
150 B<tß 66! 60 ;.;...J.M.tfs 150 Potosl... 1. 05
SUO Bodie 100 C Point.:. 37 50 .........1.00
300 V.....63 450 HAS . -1.151100 5ava«.....70
600 thall us... 4o] 50 Mxcn 64J100 ............69
100....:.... ...39 100 Ucci(lll....6U;'.'OO Union ...42
600 Ch0ir... .2.10H00 ...........611
... , mitßsaox (hcsmojj— ?:*V -'«' . ---,
100 Alpha id 800 dialing... B7lloo 0cc1d..:..69
500 11 550 Chour... 1.80 100 v... 58
600 Andes 27 300 ...~.T.. 1.85 20J 0ph1r.....91
soo ...._.:... 281100 C0* V...1.60 l»>0 P0t05i..:;.90
200 8e1ch«...33 100 ....:.... 1.55 400 ..;._. 92
800, « &8....51 700 U<fcC......65|350 Bay 63
350 Bodle 62 .'OO .':;.„... 64 300 '...„. 62
200 ............ 6!> 700 HAN.. .1.05 100 8 Nt .....63
50 8u11i0n.. .16 iw Jrxca 60 40 ..7... .....55
600 -..-......1E 100 Mono 21 100 Union.. 40
500 8u1wer....33 . • . v ■ • . :
' Following were the sales In , the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
im.ut't.\w nr.siiox— n:"»'f. .
100 Alnha 10H50 Conn.. .-..'.97 600 Ophlr 99
200 Alia. Ob 4000 Con 1m..01 400 0vrmn....20
200 Andes. ...i^OOO ........ .02 400 '...... .....19
800 Beicner...3s 200 CrwnPt...39 100 T....".«;r:.18
700 B &8...... bXIKOO .„..;.. .3o 70l» Poio«l.o7Vi
400 ..'........ ..51- 400 Exchqr....O:. 200 ......:. 1.85
260 80d1e.....6'.' BOD U&C.....69 1200...:...'.r.00
300 8u11i0n... .171300 H«fcN ..1.20 300 ............96
2OuChllnze...3S'HOO ;...;.'. 1.15:500 < 5«v....^..P0
700 ....... 40200 vK::v..'--iVs *oo ::....:... .68
200 Chollar. 2.15 300 Justice. 600 Scorpion-OS
200 V. .......2.10 40U i1exu.'..%.54 1 400 SB*M.l2i/i
50 ...:...:. 2.06200 0ccdr.".'.:.63!800 5 Nv...v..6;i
200 ....... 2.02V*. 500 ...... 400 Union C...42
400 CCV..7. 1.70 450.. ..-.:'..:. 61 200 Ulan Ofl
200 ....... ...].65'300 .......... -..60130J.V JacKW..37
AJTKBXOON SKSSION — 3: ST.. ~.V..;
-100 A1tiha:. : ...10;400 Ch01r...1.85i200 0ph1r.....96
600 Alta 08 100 ...::.... 2.00 ! 200 Overman 18
800 Ande5.... 27 20'J CUV..:..l«j'B'*oo '.........:. .16
bOO Belcher ..85 60 Court 300 Potoai . . . 98
1200 B&B..-..60 100 .' V...:1.05;600 ...„. .....94
1 CO 80d1e. .. 62 100 : .1.10300 ....:V..V...9-.»:
200 ....... ....65J300 C Point_..3B'soo ....;.. ....98
200 Bullion... 16 200 "t.V»:...41i200 ........;.'..95
100 Bulwer.;r.3B 400 fcxcnqr...o& 300 Save 66
100 -.7.'. ...... .30 200 G&C...T..68 300 ...;....:. «'2
200 Ca1eda....12 200 ■ : ....t3-'OO '...;. :..'..~~QA
200 Challge..:39 400 v....r;7.. 64 500 Scornlon..os
200 ...*..-..': 88300 ...... 6.V200 S &M....1 1
200 ......:..■.. 10! : 60 M<Ki\....iyB'-SOD Nv..:.T:60
200 :...-.;.-.:'.:45'400::-:..:.i.07Vit200 ".v..:.:...5i.
60 CbolrL97W4oo Kentuct..O. :.'... ......63
300 ...*...». ri.»S 400 Mex......62 BOJ Uni0n... ..41
300 1.92 V..100 M0n0.. .. .20,500 ..:.-..\".r..*0
200 ..........1.90,300 Occd 61 200 Utah:... 09
200 .::.. ...:.iy 8 400 :.;.-..-;.:. .601300 V Jcki~..3s
.CLOSING * QUOTATIONS.'
TUESDAY, July 21-4 r. m.
JtiiLAsJced.l BitUAtkeA.
Alpha Con. ... K> lljackson 26 —
Aim. 07 OSJulla — 10
Andes. 27 2«J Justice OS 04
Keicher 36 3HKen>uck 05 06
Best ilb ßelcher 51 53 Lady Wash.... _ 05
Bodle 60 —Mexican 51 53
Bullion 16 lbjMono 20 —
Bnlwer 32 — Nevada Queen. 03 —
Caledonia. IS 14 Occidental. ... 59 60
Chollar 190 2.oo!Ophir 93 96
Con.Cal«tVa-..1.55 I.6oiOverman 20
Challenge Con. 44 45ifotosl 96 97
Con. Imperial. 01 li2;savage. 63 63
Confidence.... 1.05 l.lSScorplon 05 06
Con New York — o«:Seg. Belcher... 10 12
Crown Point... 88 .19 Svudlcat* — 06
EiialSlerriXev — W.silver JiilL... — 03
Enreka Con ... :—;- . 25 sierra Nevada. .53 " 65
hxciicqner .".:." — 06 t'niotiCou 40 42
t.oula .scurry. \6s>-. 67lUiali;. ....'.;;"..' 08 i""09
lialediNorcra..l.os J. 10 Yellow Jacket. 35 > 38
. STOCK AM) BO.VI) EXCHANGE. .
. WEDNESDAY. July 22-2 P. if. .
■TTXITKP STATK3 BONOS. ;: - '. .
' .Bid. Atkto. . Bid. Asked.
US 4s 000 p.. 106 14 ".—.'■ S4s reg. .. — —
Do new lss 09 "A >f = -» IjlMSa*
v ; ' '_': ntouunora HfIVM.
Ca!-!«tCbless. '■'<— He%;l > ccKoll MSi. — —
CalE!ecLBs - . IXB Do 2d Is 65... — — •
CntraCWs»— 94 PAl> Hv 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 9."» 100 P&Ch Ry6s. —..107 :
Kcian L*P6sllB 119 Pwl-jtßßtti — 116%
FACHKRBs. : - 105% Reno, Wi>tL — 105 .
Geary -stßss. 105 r ; — ISacto P& L. — 102%
LosAngLDs. — , 9tf .< Sf&NPRSs, — • 99
DoiiuteedSs — ' 100%'SPRR Ariz t!s ; — '-■■■— .
Mkt-stCble6sl2o 122%SPRRCal6s. — 110%
DoßyConss..lo3y a looirt,SPßßCatss. rTllp - lull
NatVln6slst 96 — |SPBrRCal6s. ; — 99*4
NevCNgß7s. i»b '- 106 ;SVWater6s..
N p RR6S. ; - > 108 . SVWater4s.. 98^»9V 4
NRy Cal 6s. —. - 102%!stktnGitE6s — 100
NRy Cal ss. — . 100 SunstT&T6s. — -
Oak Gas 55. .102 , - ".; 3utter-5tR55.109%110
Co 2d Is 6s:. - 106 VlsaliaWctii — —
Omnibus 0a.11834 —
'■ ■ WATKBSTOCKI-
Contra Costs 36 88 %l San Jose... " — — '
Marin C 0..... 50 ;\ — r |S|,rng Valley; 96 . 96V4
'.*•■•" . " PA* stocks."
Capital....... 10 26%|Paclnc Llzht 4914 —
Central 95 — San Francsco .90 901/4
OakliLAH. »1 63 Stockton..... — ISO
PacGaslmp. 84 86% •.?•.->•
JNSDBA2.CK STOCK*
Fireman's Fdl7o •:— ■ |Sun :..,::..'.: 35 80
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCK*. "
Amerß&TC. — — LondonP<fcA.l2s ISO
Anglo-Ca1.... 51% — ' lLondonASF. .— : - 27%
Bank of Cal.. — 235 iMerch Ex... IS ■*- — .
CaISD&TCo — 57 Nevada — —
First Nat ionL — 1b7% S»ther B Co. — —
Grangers..... '— , — j
."..>.-*•: BAVTNS9 BANK STOCKS.
ferSALCo. — 1360 SavibLoan..' — 100
HumbS<&L,lloo 1450 Security 225 —
Mutual — 40 Union Trust.' — 800
BFSav Union — 486 /
STREET RAILROAD STOCK*.
California.... 108. . — Oak SL&Hay — 100
Geary-5t.....: — -'65 Presidio 714 BVi
Market-si.. . 40% 41 Sutter-st — —
; . . POWDEK STOCKS. '
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant con 15 21
Eastern- D... 75 ' 80 ■. IJudson 1>.... — • — •
California. . . . 70 — 'VigorU. — 90c :
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK*. *
Alaska Pkrs. 90 - iNatVinCo.. — . — ■
BlkDCoaiCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 82
Cal Cot Mills — — PacAuxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — - IPacKoraxCo. 98 100 '
KdlsonLlghtll4%ll6%Pac Roll Mill - —
GasCon Assn. — — • Part PalnlCo '6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 95 — iPacTrxiisCo. • —24 .
HawC&SCo.. 15 — iPac Co. 10 —
Hutch SPOo 17V* 17% Sunset T&T. 41 —
Assn. 100 110 .United C Co. — «5
M Elec Light 3%. 4%!"
-. • . BALKS — IfHRViVI aieiMiov.
" 5 Edison Light Power C 0...... 114 35
.15 Market-st Railway ...... 4100
68 F Gaslight ..;...................... 88 87%
BALKS— AI-TEKXOON SJESSIOX. .
Board — ;• -- •: » ' . -
100 Hutchlnson S P Co.. ,„ 17 25
100 S F Gaslight 90 00
6« V Water,r.v.::. ...v ...:.. 96 00
«2000 S V 6% 80nd5.. .V......... ......... 119 00
- ■: Street^- ..c"--'".--,' >■--■• "'"
164 Market-st Railway . 41 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
Miss X Chase, Ca! Miss Chase, Col
W F George, sacto T Clark. Placervtlle
A J Blethen. Denver F U Johnson, Denver
A H Yimous. Keddmg W c sawrer. College Prlc
SPHixrt. Mankato, Minn G D Dormer, Fulton
J O Mreicher &w, Col \V J Tharp, Larkspur
W H Gaffett, Auuurn W George, Sacto
J R Cole, Col M B Sueden, Niles
W Anderson i£w. Los Ang H Gray, Los Angeles
S Levy, niockton Mm A Stockey, Stockton
Miss >tockev. Stockton I M Johnson, Sta Barbara
T A Moore, Fresno F R Games, Los Angeles
Ira Van Camp, .->tocktou Miss Ross, New York
E H Dennlson, Columbus C C Manning, W Va
Miss L Gould, \V Va T A Johns, VallejO
H A Van Tassell, N V Mrs E Bishop. Pasadena
H A Collins. Mas* . 1' L Coombs, Nap*
<ieo Kosier, Mich G A Dougherty- Salinas
J W Thomas. Vnllejo C D ininham. fan Jose
Miss Dunham, san Jnse L to tiler. Stockton
c A Mitchell. Stockion J B Burns Aw, Stockton
A J Larson & s, Lodi A Khles Chicago
A A Allen, Salt Lake Mrs E Gaines, San Jose
J F Clapp, Chicago F A Bo>le, Red Bluff
A McDonald, San Jose MlssO (iiimore.Re.l Bluff
W H Nichols, Courtland C A Bod well, < uatemaJa
I> V Betts&w.Wadswnh J L GUlis, 6acto
J de Jbtruyn, Detroit
RUSB HOUSE.
J F Barnett. Stanford J R .Burnett, TTklah
P C Bacon. Fairoats H S Wells. N V
S A (ireen, Nebr A C Lewis. Reno
C W Pratt. San Rafael R S Simpson, Woodland
S Peek, Reno W Tnomas, Dutch Flat
Miss ihomas.Dutch Flat W Patterson. Cal
U Hergett. Cal J H Hill, Fort Townsend
J Lltcb« nstein. NY D Lee, Cal
Mrs Finm-xau. Cal Mrs Clark. sdtter Creelc
w N Hall. Montpelier E Williams, Livermore
J X Pico, Oakland J H Johnson, Middleton
J Joselyn, England W Marks, Sacto
J A Gill, Sacto P E Beacon, Fairoaks
Mrs Miller, Petaluma O M Gregory, San Jose
Mrs Wood N Mcx B S Little, Eureka
II .Munroe. .^onora S R Young dfcf. Nevada
P Fay & s, Fresno C Mason, Monterey
J F Greene, Red Bluff Mrs Walton, Lklah
C Cowan, Oroville F Matthews, Dunsmuir
J L Davis. Colusa W Peterson, Cal
H Jackson <k w.Pe:aluma A Phillips, Petaluma
J Dorcher, Arbuckle Mrs Sherer, Arbuckle
J N icoll, San L obtspo D Bronuell, Oakland
K(i Krnst «fc v,n Orleans Miss Ernst, N Orleans
Mrs Lopi rs, lowa Kb Norman, lowa
LICK HOUSE.
11 T Wilbur. Oakland G A Graham, San Jos«
W Hunter, Napa W E Nevills, sonora
T B Carson, !>an Jose C R Merrill, San Jose
s X WiUon. Alameda M S Jackson & w, L Ang
B Campbell, Oakland W P Jones, Santa Rosu
Tt Kennfdy, N V W T Hamilton. Plumas
H X PlekA, Placerville Mrs N E Hise, I^os Ang
I P Kisenbach, N V Miss L Hinsbelwood.L A
J M Levee, Vallejo Mrs G Briggs, Davisville
A Bailey, Ariz Miss X Smltb, Los Ang
H H Cpbam, Martinez F Boblruann <fe w, Cal
Mrs E Heydenfeld, cal F W Hatch, Aguews
W C Maze, Madera F E Spencer, San Jose
F A Hatton & w, Merced F E Baker, Woodland
H S Kirk <& w, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
N P Ferguson, Cal S Mango, Jameston .
A stark. Jameston G C Young A wf, Cal
A W R-l.ingi«nd & wf, MoT Coppeyo. Benicia
D Mowan, Jersey City RH a ppvbee, Brooklyn
C W White* w.Brootclyn H Runirori <fe wf, N V
J X Davis, NY C B Reynolds, N V
X H Denire & wf, Phila C Howard. Philadelphia
C R <ira.it & wf, Phila A Delainey, Brooklyn
J R Martin, Brooklyn J Sprague, Centervllle
J 1 ur.ii Jr. Chicago W E Proctor, Chicago
B L Lessy Jr, Chico J C Thornton, Brooklyn
B C Jones, Vancouver C C Perry, Chicago
0 T Harding, Tnlare J Johnson, Stockton
1' T .-inn 1), Sacramento C Love. Sacramento
P H McGuire, Eucador C Hon'mau >£ w,;Sau Luis
PALACE HOTEL.
H Richardson. Virksbrg J Charpentier, Mazatlan
P sieinrlela, Melbourne L D Meyer. Guatemala
P Gamier. Paris C H Brickwedel, China
II L Middleton. Boulder A O Rich. N V
Mrs E Ward, Chicago Mrs H Richardson, Miss
J Mciudden, Santa Ana BO Hill, Seattle
Mrs X M Delia, Montana w B Cline, Los Angeles
G L Paiae, Boston L La verge. Boston
J X Donnellan, Salt Lk 1) McFarland, Los Ang
J Rost-nmish, NY J Cross, Los Angeles
W Rossingtou, Tope ca Bilas Hu.-singtan, Topeka
A C Billcke, Los Augeles F Hentrevant, Jnnc City
J M Dickinson, Term Mrs J M Dickinson, Tenn
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J J Groom. Glen Kllen Rev. O. Werlusel, Oakld
S W Van syckel. NY J D Hourk. Sacto
J W Rea. San Jose P May, San Jose
F ZeliDsky, S Helena Dr F J 8.-ihel, Bakersfld
A W Hay wards <& s, eh( Miss l Peters. Ills
H C Wyatt Aw, L Ang H J Hachs, N V
C Mewman, N V V J Willis, Selma
Mrs H B Stewart, Tracy Mrs D Stewart, Tracy
R E Hoyt, Los Angeles N F Flood
F Hamilton & w, Hollstr
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Nathan Davis to James P. Mulltn, all interest in
the following property: Lot on W line of Bright
stre-t, 150 s of -Randolph, .-i 25 by W 100, being
lot 35, block 50, City Land AssOCution; a .10 lot
on S line of Oan street , 1 00 .. of Frederick BSo
by S IJ>7:6; also lot on NW corner of iultonand
Webster streets, W 27:6 by N 80: also lot on SE
line of Stevenson street, 150 NX of >ixth, NE
26:6 by sK 70; a!so lot on s line of Golden Gate
avenue, 137:6 W of Hyde street, W 34: 41* by S
137:6: *150.
Jamt s P. Mullin to Lillie I. Mullin. lot on H line
of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 Wot Hyde street,
\V ;s4:4V a by S l:V7:6: also lot on SE line of
Stevenson street, 160 NE of Sixth, NE 26:6 by
sic 70: a so lot on S line of Oak street, 100 Eof
Broderick, X 25 by S 137:6; 810.
Mars' T. Mulll.i to Henry and Annie Schmidt,
undivided one-fifth of lot on NW coraer Fulton
and Webster streets, W 27 :6 by N 80: $1620.
I. lllie, James P- and Charles F. Mullin to same,
All Interest, In same: $8100.
Mary T. Mullin to Lillie I. Mullin, undlvidea
fifth of lot on S line of Oak street, 100 X o; BroJ
erick, E 25 by S 187:6: »390.
Jacbiel and Sarah J. Meyers to Salomon Reiss,
10. on W line of Broderick street, 126 N of Grove,
N 2o by W 100: *10.
Louis and Pose Lipman and Daniel nnd Clara
Meyer to James W. Kdwards, lot on N line of
tt'Rshinaton street, 10S W of Spruce, W 75 by N
127:8 V*: $10.
Edward Martin and estate of Katie Martin (by
F. Kimmell, commissioner) to Milton M.Davis,
lot on X line of Cook street, 75 N of St. P.oie, N 25
by X 90; $1087.
Stephen Wing to Isabella M. King, lot on 3 line
of liberty street, 185 \V of Valencia, W 50 by S
115; gift.
Miguel, Vincent and Catalina Noe and Cataiina
Splivaio to George E. Mosher, undivided one-half
ot lot on X line of Sanch* z street, 53 N of sine
teei,th. N 25 by E 100: $10.
Mary E. Driscoll to John I. Driscoll, lot on E
line of street, 155 S of Twenty-fifth, S 40
by E 115: cift.
A iid rew Johnson (by A. A. Johnsou attorneyi
to Isaac U Merreli. lot on W line of Vicksburg
streei, 204 S of Twenty-second, S 56, W 126, N
IK2, X 25. S7t. E 100: $10.
James E. Albert, to Agues T. Albert, lot on N
line of Twenty-fifth street, 80 \V of Diamond, W
26 by N 114; gift.
San Francisco Gaslight Company to Henry E.
Bothin. lot on NE line of FrerhODt street, 108:4
NW of Howard, NW 75 by NJE 137:6: $10.
Mary X. SlulUn to UUie L Mullin, undivided
one-fiftn of lot on SE line of Stevenson street, 150
NX of Sixth, NE 26:6 by -E 70- 9900.
Philip Whaien to John Whelan. lot on 8E line
of Na oma street, 125 SW of Seventh, SW 25 by
BK 75: pranU
Pull Bruton to George D. and C. C. Cooper, lot on
X line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 150 N of L
street. « 75 by X 120: $10.
Solomon and Emma Ducas to Andrew and
.Afrnes Kole^zar, lots 1411 and 1438. Gift Map 3;
John J. and Mary L. O'Farrell to August G. and
Louisa Anderson, lot on NX line of Croke street,
325 N W of Mission, NW 25 by NE 150, Academy
Tract: $10.
James P. Rlnes to William Henry Rines, lot on
N line of Fourteenth avenue, 125 XV of > street.
W 50 by N 100. lots 30 and 31, block 265, O'Xell
<£ Haley Tract: gift-
Klle-i Hyde to Mary E. Green (wife of A. T.).
lots 270 and 271, Holliclay Map A: sift.
Annie M. Donobue (wife .of Jeremiah), to same,
same; gift.
Robert J. and Maria 15. Hackley to Henry John
son, lot on W ifne of Arch street, 225 N of shields,
N 26 by W 100, being lot 43, block 23, City Land
Association: $50.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
William McGeorge to A. E. Wilkinson, lot 12,
block F, corrected map of Nicol Tractt Brooklyn
Township. $10.
Mark Voegelin to P. H. Short, lot on W line of
Bray avenue, 534.95 N of East Fourteenth street,
N 72:6 by W 300, being the S 72:6 feet of lot 21,
Bray Tract, Brooklyn Township: $1100.
THE CALL CALENDAR,
Jri.Y. 1896.
cm.
"•
ill _ _ Moon 's Phases
23 * /7~\Latt Quarter.
— - — - — — , July 2.
9 10 11 .- .'. - . — —
■ ' OSHk ■ New Moon.
16 17 18 @ J °* 1U
— " I /^!\Flrßt Quarter
23 24 25 \J) July 17.
1
i
iTi
5
•
7
8
12
13
14
IS
—
19
20
ai
32
2«
27
28
29
30 81
> /<** Full Moon. 1
*«/,-i July 24J
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
Wall* Walla Vie & Pgt tina July-> 3. 9am Pier 9
MaxiDOsa.... eivdney Jnly23, 2pm Oceanic
Trucke*.... Coos 8ay!...;. July? 3. spm Oceanic
Santa Rosa. Ban Diego...".". .lulv'Jl. 11am Pier 11
P0m0na..... tlumboKUßay Jul.v'J4. vr* Pier?
Aruo ...... Coos 1iar...... Julj-24.10ai« i'ier 13
8t Panu..., N«wßort ...... Juiy^fl. fAM Pier 11.
!)•: >ort« .. Haroor July 27, 4pm .........
Columbia... Portland ...... Ju!y27.IUAU Plera*
CmatUla.... Vie A t'z: July 2B. 9am Hera
Corona San Diego..... Jnly'Jß. Pier 11
City Sydney Panama... Ju1y28,12 m P MSS
Weeott...... Eel Kivar July_'B. 6pm Pier 13
i*un01. ....... Grays Harbor. Juiy2H,l2 m Pier 3
JTarMlon... Yaonlna Bay.. July2K 9am Pier 2
Empire..... Oreeon ports. . July'2B, 6pm Pier 13
Baralca.... Rtwooß ..;...' JulySO. Xam ! Pier 1 1
China........ China & Japa. July3O, 3pm PIUS S
State of Cat. ! Portland. _.. Aver I.loam I Pier 34
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
tjTEASfKK
Fkou
1
Ul-K
UacMnaw :...„
Ucatraz........
P0m0na........;
it Paul .-.;...:.:
I'matilla
,olumnia .......
Del Korte
?itvof Sydney.
Junol ....... ._
Jr1zaba.........
Jan Bemto ......
CraacantCltr...
Corona .'....■..;".
w««ou. ...:
Faralloo .......
Eninire .........
Kara !£»....„_.'.
Australia. ......
Jityof Jfuet>;a..
Mexico."..'.;;:.".'.
inn 8ia5........
Kthizo .'......
Pant* Roil. . ...
Vlonowai
iM0mi..;.;.:.... 1 ....... I ..July 23
Yaqulnaßay..f |.. July 23
Uumooiai aa.r. ....... ..July 28
Newport. ...... ..^. ...... ..Joly'24
Victoria <k Pus«« Soana" ..July '24,
PorUana .......:... .. lu!y24
Grays Haroor... ......... ..July 24
Panama July 24
rays iiarDor.. July '2s
Mexico.^:^." 1 ;:"..';;;:.... July 25
Tac0ma. . . . ........"...... ..July2s. .July 2s
Crwotu Ul(7. ...„..„ ..July 26
San Dieg0™.......... July '-'6
»£el Kiver.v... ........... July 2tf
Ynotiina toay ............ ..Juiy'Ji>
Portland July 26
Newport ..".. ..July 2B
Honolulu ......... ..... July2B
Victoria. «£Pu«et rtouna ..July 29
P0rt1and..'.'.*.;..'!;'..."..'..'. July 29
Panama ............ July 29
Coos' Bay :...'.. .v;. ;.:;.. July 29
'an Ditto. .............. ..July SO
Sydney . .-. ......:...• ..July 30
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
- r. P. Coast ahd OXODHTTr! SrTRVHY Ttlll) .
BtTLLKTIN PUBLISHKD BY OFFICIAL V '
- - Authority OF THI SUPKBINTINDEST. )
Thursday, i July . 23. -
Bon rises ............ 5.04 Moon rises ■
Sunsets. 7. 28 1 Moon sets . 3.35 am
Jnly-1896.
I Time Feet Tlie Fe ; t Time Feel Time Fee|
»! L W' ■ HAY L\V HW "
53 6.00 — 1.5 12.16 4.7 Oi - 3.4 10.26 675
£4 5.40 -1.4 12.54 4.8 6.26 3.2 11.16 6.1
26 6.18—1.1 1.30 5.0 8.16 3.1 ...... _...;
• HW L W H W . • : L \v
26 0.05 5.8 6.53 —0.6 2.03 6.3 7.03 2.8
27 0.52 ' 5.4 7.24 -0.1 2.32 5.2 7.52 2.7
28 1.38 4.9 7.57 0.6 2.58 6.2 8.42 2.4
20 1 .2.26 4.4 8.27 1.2 3.25 6.1 .0.86 2.2
Not*— lv the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second ttme
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to tbe
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tb*
height, and then the number given Is aubtrmctira
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hyuboobaphic Office, U. S. N., •»
Merchants 1 Kzchanok. V
San Fban-cisco. July 22. 1898. J
The time ball on Telegraph Htii was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. v., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fbchtklke,
Lieutenant V. s. N. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
• • WEDNESDAY, July 22.
Stmr City of Sydney; Johnston, '23 days fm
Panama and way ports; pass and mdse, to P M S 8-
Co. .-.- ■■• \ ■ ■ ■: :. " '■"-. .-. . ■ ■ .-./■ - -
- : Stmr Truckee, Thomas. =40 hours •■' from Coon
Bay: pass and mdse. to J D Spreckels it Bros Co. 1
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 618/4 hours fm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins &
Co. .■.,-..■■ i ,'.■ ■ - • .....■■■..•..'"
- Stmr Arago. Reed, 40 hours from Coos Bay, via
Port Orford .34 hours; pass and mdse. to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co. - ■ "
Br ship Cambtukennetb, Kendell, 181 days from
Hamburg; mdse. to Wni Wolff & Co. "
Br ship Cedarbantc, Moody, 217 .days from
Havre, via Antwerp 187 days; mdse, to W R
Grace it Co. :
SJ^H Cleared.
-< WEDNESDAY. July 22. ,
Stmr. Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
TowDsend. -
Br ship Falkland bank, MacPherson, Queens
town: Eppinger & Co. - >,:■ , » i^A : «'&rJ
Br ship The Hahnemann, Newson, Hull; Eppin
ger«S: Co. ' :.-' ' ' " ■'■' • ' ' •': ■ '-','
Sailed. ...
. .WEDNESDAY, July 22.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg. : .
' stmr Mexico, Green, Portland and Astoria.
■ Stmr Alice Blanchard. Dunham,' Portland. ' ■'
,•* Stmr Eureka, J.epson. San Pedro. ,
Stmr Cleone, Miller,' Crescent City. '.. ■ :..;,:
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura. . '
I schr Reliance, Skipper.
1 Schr Peerless, Johnson, Tacoroa. . :. r .
: Schr Daisy. Rowe. Olsen. Devilblss Landing.
. Schr Moro. Jorgenson, Coqullle River. v - ■
.'. Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega. '
. Xeieeraohi c. : ' '\ .'
•' POINT LOBOS.' - July • 22—10 r. it— Weather,
hazy : wind SW: velocity. 6 muoj. -
Spoken.'
'Per ship Cambuskenneth— April 16 off Cape
Horn Br ship ' Jordanhill ' from Liverpool for San !
Francisco. • ; ; :•"'.: . ..-..,• ,^
May 12— Lat 61 39.3, long. 79 48 W, Br bark i
Kllmallie, from Antwerp," for San Francisco.
. , . .'. ' Domestic I*ort«. V
r- REAR HARBOR— Arrived July Stmr La
gnna, hence July 21. v aQQ9ea9R<fe3**K^- v
•>■> PORT ANGELES— Arrived July 22— Schr Roy
Somer-", from San Pedro," for New Whatcom; schr
Gen Banning,' from Cavucos. •■ ; - .^.
.SAN PEDUO— Sailed July ; 22— Schr Vesta, for
Puget Sound. • ■
' ; PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed July 22-Stmr
Laic tne, for San Francisco: schr Alice, for Eureka
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrlvea July 22— Schr Jno
A Campbell, from. Newport. ~.^^UAro&flt&tf «£aa
. : COOKS INLET— Sailed July s— Bark Theobald
for San Francisco. * ■'".■■;-- : -..-■>- '.
.•'. TATOOSH— Passed July 21— Schr John A Camp
bell, «rom Newport for Port Blakeley.
ASTORIA— SaiIed July 22— stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco. -■.-..,.. • . .
"-. USAL— Sailed July 22— Scmr : Protection, for
Port Los Angeles. ■ -• . v r j , .
-• -. GREENWOOD— Arrived July 22— Stmr Green
wood, hence July 21. ; . * . . • • • - ■
I ■-. WESTPORT— ArrIyed July 22-Stmr Lacuna,
hence July 21. tv -: ■ .. ■• "• • ■
. PORT GAMBLE-- Arrived July 21— Bark Fresno
from Honolulu. - " ' '
EUREKA— Arrived July 22— Schr Laura : Pike, :
hence July 8. ■/. ■ ' - -i .:.:. ..
Sailed July 22— Stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
■Foreign' Port*. -. :. • '■
SHANGHAI— Arrived '-. July '22— Schr i Robert
Heart— i . . .■ ■">•■'*■.'■. >.;,•;-'■ -. -■ >" :
UoT*uienta of Tram- Atlantis St<i»-n»ri. -
i * NEW YORK— Arrived . . July r 23— Stmr , H ' H
Meier, from Bremen; stmr State of Nebraska, frm
Glasgow and Movtlle: stmr Nordland, from ■ Ant
werp: stmr Spree,, from Bremen and .'Southamp
ton; stmr Mississippi, from London. -• ' :: ■
, 'Sailed July 24 — trur St Paul, for Southampton;
stmr Berlin, for Antwerp; 3lmr Britannic, for Liv
erpool. • :.-- .-.i-; .'■- ■ ..... .. .■;.. .... ,- •,. ■ : ..
BREMEKHAVEN- Arrived out July 22— Stmr
Mnnchen. : ■ - - .- •" ■ -
r ; SOUTH Arrived s out r July : 22-Stmr
tt Louts: B' mr Havel and proceeded lor Bremen.
'. Sailed July 22- Stmr Lahn. for New York. ',?.'*-»-;
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out July 22— aimr Ob
darn. : . ... r.-.-' .. .■.-.; .:■."'.:-:-',■•;.. ■'-.;-.■ '.^;
-, ' Sailed July 22— Stmr 1 Beeudam," for New York.
■ AMSTERDAM— Sailed July 22— stmr Edam,
New York. .; :...";-.--,-.-■.:,:, .. : .,; . ■ ■
.*-.., r r'»r,<o>'i «. - ■<■
,- 'BAN DIEGO- Per Santa Rosa— l 99 pkgs mdse,
14 pkgsseed, 68 bdls dry lisa. 1 piano, Ibx eof
fee, 12 cs root beer, 1030 bxs lemons, 1 bx fruit,
80 bxs oranges, 5 bxs limes. -•«• -.■■•
Redondo-29 bxs lemon*. 6 bxs oranges.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles-oSpkgs mdse,
18 bxs lemons, 9 bales scrap leather. „__„,.
-Port Los Angeles-17 pkgs mdse, 1 ca canned
g °L^s 8 Angeles via Be3ondo-45 P£«» mdse. 4■ cs
mineral water, Si cs drugs, 18 sks horns, 5 Obis
wlils'iv, 1 bol grease. _ _.. o7 .
Santa Barbara- 21 pit firs mdse, 7 oxs fish, 27 sks
crawrlsh.'336 bxs lemons. ■:■■■ -_V'"1« »»«-' i »,,»,
Port Harford-62 pkgs mdse, 34 > cs '««»•• l tv !»
in* bts butter 1 cs crocerle3, 11% cs cneese, i
keu 2 ru ra 3 locals hides. 1 bdl pelts. 2 "boney 7
bdls dry hides. 7 bbls Ib cans tallow. J. coops poul
try, 9 coops chickens, 39 dressed calves, 144 seal
skins. 6 bxs Hah. 8 bbls oil- '-i. ■, f;
• Rocksidlng-195 sks bituminous rocK.
San Luis Obispo— 96s sks barley.
Meeles— ss6 sks barley. ...
■ Nlpomo— fioai sks barley. .
Los Almos-279 sks barley.
Los < livos— 7l bk-t seed.
Graciosa-757 sks barley. ?
Santa Maria — 2491 barley. excess. 2
COOSBAY-Per Ar«?o-ti pk gs •?£«"■ j 2 » k '
coin, bO bdls laths, 37 M ft lumber. /SO tons coal
C kegs 24 tubs V S bbl 84 bxs butter, 19 sks bark. 3
cs cheese. 2 b.Us skins, 1 bx hats, 9 crt»_blcy des,
3 bales flannels. 1 coop chickens 44 eds wool .v.
Port Or ord-ZO bxs butter, 2 pkgsmase, 8 sks
wool. 1 wheel, Isk coin. lpkK express. , . X .
COOS BAY-Per Truckee-482 tons coal, 5 bales
flannel, 1 bx tobacco, 1 bx separator, 'ii bdls hides,
1 mdse.
Con»lene««.
Per Truckee-J DSprecfccls & Bros Co: s Bach
man A Co; Hillsßros: BandonWoolen-mU »= En
terprise Brewery; Baker* Harot ton: Standard
Oil Co- C E Whitney & Co: Wells. Fargo & Co:
The Pacific Coast Hoop Supply Association.
Per Arago-Langley&Micnaels: OUHo;
Hilmer. Breahoff & Schulz: Dodg<», swe*ne> <fc Co:
Marshall, Tegsrarc * Co: W B Sumner A Co: R C
Allen ; C X Whitney & Co; Baiidoo , \J oolen mills:
Enterprise Brewery; 8 H Frank & Co; P Berwiu
Jos Lands ; Wells, Fargo « Co ; Ross A Hew.ett ,
Getz Bros * Co: Hulme A Hart; B D-'Vis; S Blum
* Co: Wells. Fargo & Co; H H Wilbur; L ioarU:
W F Shattuck. , . . _ tt-i.i»»«..
P«r Santa Rosa-J Ivancovich <$: Co: K.jls Bros.
Jjodge. Sweeney A Co: Wetmore Bros; Milwaukee
Brewery; San Francisco Brewery Co: Abram son
A Co; H A Loizer A Co; E 0 Stenrns A Co: T H B
Varney <t Co: M S Slmas: Cox Seed and Plant Co;
Benj Curtai <£ Co: Lievre, Fricke <t Co: i ?> -loti i
son Fannis A FranK : Kahn Bros ; L «'<""?: Kiam
ber <R Levi Co: Garcia A Magglnl: Gould A Jau'lm;
W C Price <SCo: Wolf * Son: Minaker * J V 5'"
banks; Campodonico A Malcolm; Gray A Barbieru
LeviSpieeel «t Co; Kveleth & Nash: H O Green -
hood; D E Allison <tCo: Dalton Bros; Gray Bros;
E J Calian: Redington A Co; L Scatena A Co: t n
Ames<fc Co; Geo Siarr &Co: JHSpahn; Kohler
A FrohliT.g; Carroll A Carroll; C Carpy A Co: A.
Levy * Co; Mack A Co: Kohler A Froning: sun
set telephone an.l Telegraph Co; S H Frank A Co;
Crown Distillery Co; Kisen Wine (>; A Paladin! :
Reed <fc Goodwin : Lachman * Ja'obl : ohn U ag
ner Mi'k Co; MilaniACo; American Union Fish
Co; G Camllloni <fc Co: Fredericksmira Brewery:
Chicago R»ewerv: Enterprlpe Brewery: Royal
Eagle Distillery Co: River Express: Haas Bros:
Brlgham, HoppeiCo: Wheaton, Brton & Co: Cal
Chemical Works: S LevydsCo; Getz Bros ACo:
Kowalsky A Co: Blssinger A Co: J P Thomas:
Paving Co: Llvlnqston A Co; Sinßhelmer Bros; I?
Uri A Co; Baker A Hamilton; C E Whitney A Co:
L D Stone A Co: Witzel A Baker: B' i Kunl A Co:
Western Meat Co: H Dutard; H N Tilden A Co: A
Fedora: s P Milling Co: Marshall, Teßgart A Co;
H Heckman A Co: Norton. Teller ft Co; J L How
ard: Marshall A Reimmers; L WOhlson: S Sil •rer
berg; Bassett A Bunker: Labor Exchange; Castle
Bros: Newhajl Land A F Co.
OCEAN [ TRAVEL.
~ ~ -•■-- ' ::■— — — '
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COfIPAHI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JZaSk*
Broadway wharf, San . Francisco, as ™"iiT
follows: • • :
■ For Mary Island. Lorln* WranxeL Jnneau. KU-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at V a. m., July 3, 13,
18, 28 ail. -•. -.18. 27. ■ '
For Victoria and Vancoaver (B. C>. Port Town-
' send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. K.
July 3, «, 13. 18, 23. 2S. ana every flftn
day thereafter, ; connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. KB., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with 6. N. Ky., ac Pore Townsend irlta
Alaska steamers. : ' " "• ' '
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landlnz (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. x.. .itny .1, 8. 12,
16 20. 24, 2ri and every fourth dar. thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford ■' (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San - Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles* ana Newport, at 9 a. ic. July
2,6. 10. 14, 18, 22. 26. 30 and every ■ ioartn day
thereafter. B '^B
. For ' San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A..M... July 6. 8, 12. 18, 20, 24, six.aai every
fourth day thereafter. ..
' . For Knsenada. Ran Jose del ' Cabo. Maratlan. La
Faz and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba. 10 a. k.
Jn ■• 3 ana 25tn of each month thereafter.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
: street. ..... - - -i¥«xt&£i«&j4f£*r*£j£
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gent Agents.
■ ■ - 10 Market st. San Frandico.
o. lE^jdss isr.
ASTORIA ANpORTLANH
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Colombia 5ai15... ............ July 27, August 6, 16
Bute of California sails. .July 22, August 1, 11, 21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. if .
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts
. if. ,F. CON& OR, General Agent.
Ban m..i.»,...,.
COIPAGSIE GEIERAL TRAIfSATLASTIQCB
■ French Line to Havr*
pOMPAN Y'S PIER (NEW).42 NORTH m
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -ff**^^
this line avoid both transit oy "English railway a?!
the discomfort of crossing the channel ; in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Key dl via Par L*.
first-cjaas SI 60; second-class, »llti
LA TOURAINE. Capt. SantelU... .May 218i'ii
LA NORMANDLE .....'. May "3! 8 a." m
LA GASCOGNE ......." Jnr.e 2a 7 a
LA NORMAXDIK fuly 4 6 a m
LA GA8000NE... ...... -.:;... July 25 117 £*
LAKOR.MANDIE...... ....August i,s.£ £
LA BanRGOGNE,.Capt. Leboeuf.-.June 8 7i.b '
. tgr i"or further particulars apply to . ■ '
w«' q ,A.FofiaET. Agent,
«4 > £,fL°Fr Z ancf.co?-' 6 Moat«o««,
— — .
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to ■
HAWAII, SAMOA, Lsv HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 »y
AUSTRALIA. r ■ \Jf S.S. AUSTRALIA.
r "-S.- S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, July 23.
at 2 p. m. ■'.'. .-.. • »
j - 8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU Only. Tues-
day. August 4. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
Line to COOLG A « DIE, Aust. , andCAPJETOWV
South Africa. .- . ■ .. ■ • ..- ■ . "~ '
: i D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
Freight Office, 327 Market 9t°"san 'Francis^ 1 '
FLIIT & CO.'S
•PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LUTE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
■"..:■,- Ports,. ■ : I
• FROM NEW YORK: ■
The Al Clipper 5hip.... ;....'.;....W1t H. MACT
• Amesbury, Master. •. ■
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper Ship :....v.....A'. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
street. New York. • ■-.-. ■ :••
Consignees in San Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
«t CO., 22 California street.
•SfeiK BAMBCRG-ASERICAJ USE
! TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
t^- -rTug^e^te.-. .. Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris «fc Hamburg.
F. Bismarck July 28 lA. Victoria... Auguit l:i
Normannia.;.. August 6 I F. Blrmarck.Augus: 20
L Cab.; $75 and upward; . IL Can., $45 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4% h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6% h.
For passage apply HaMburg-Amkricav i.ixk, .
37 Broadway, N. \., -or: to KAHN A HERZOQ,
Agents. 401 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_ PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL - AaSL
fortnightly for the West Indies and "t33Q&
Southampton, calling -en . route 'at cerbourgh, '
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. ■
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and. treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
- Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. . First class, $195- third
class, $y7 6U For farther particulars apply to
PAKROTT A CO., * gents
• '- ■ ' " ' 3n " •«>."_■
STOCKTON STEAMERS
v ®;P» e j; N0. : 3; Washington St.'
At 6P. M. Daily. 11 eight received up
JB3T Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
.' SXiiA3IKKs: •*: , - •• •■ '
T. C. ; Walker, r- ;.-.;• J. D. p ter" B ; -
Mary ; Garratt, - ' City of Stockton.
v " Telephone Main 805. . . ■ Cai. Nay. and lmpfc O» V : -
fALLEJO; MARE ISLAID, *BESIciA, POEF
COSTA 4l| CROCKETT.
>■ • . STB. BIONTICELI.O, : . • -
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo-30 a. b.
aad 4 r. v. ; Saturday, lv:30 a. m., 3 -so* 112
: ; M . w . . Sunday-Sr.it. :: v . "*
Hi. h. only.
"-.•*.'■-.■:;• landing. Mission 1. Pier 4.
FOR SAS LOS CATOS & S.OTA CRUZ
OTKAMEK ALVISO LEAVES PIER I*DATr -
OatlOx-x. (Sundays excepted); Alviso dMlv at
7p. k. (Saturdays excepted). Fre^ht and PaS-PECULIARITIES OF
THE ASSESSMENT.
Depositors in Savings Banks
at the Mercy of the
National Banks.
OPINIONS THAT DIFFER.
That of the District Attorney
Best Suited the Super
visors.
NO HOPE FOR THE CITY.
The Council Is Not Anxious to Ac
ccp'i Railroad Fgurcs and
Arguments.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, July 22. )
The State Board of Equalization has be
gun its warfare upon Assessor Dalton's
work.
A delegation is at present compiling
data for the purpose of showing discrimi
nation in assessment and so giving the
State Board an opportunity for saying
rOmethine derogatory to the work of As
sessor Dalton.
"The most despicable Dart of the affair,"
said Mr. Dalton this afternoon, "is that
Robert Leckie and Will Hawkett, who
were in this office before my election, are
the hardest workers in the interests of the
railroad company. These men were in
this office for years and were handsomely
paid by the people of thiscouuty for their
work, and now they are pivin^ the benefit
of their experience to the railroad com
pany in their efforts to throw more than
the legitimate shure of t he taxes upon the
people who put them in office."
Tne State Board has no love for Mr.
Dalton. Mr. Morehouse, the San Leandro
banker, has a pronounced dislike for his
method of making an assessment. When
Robert Leckie was Assessor of this county
Mr. Morehouse complimented him on his
work. He has as yet done nothing but
cast slurs on Dalton's work. So far as the
total assessment is concerned, the State
Hoard can have no cause to complain, as
it is about $160,000 higher in the aggregate
than last year. The figures are :
1895— assessment 93,701, 282
IK96— Total assessment. ; 93,860,490
Increase this year $159,258
"There is another very interesting point
that has a just bearing on this matter,"
eaid the Assessor. '•The city government
is composed of eleven men and they all
voted fast year to sustain my railroad as
sessment after the five Supervisors had cut
it down about to nothing. This year the
same old arguments will be made to the
Council and I fully believe that the assess
ments I have made will be again sustained.
The corporations paid their taxes on the
city assessments without a tight, and hav
ing done so one year cannot very well
complain now."* .
Another peculiarity of the assessment
roll is that under the opinion that came
through the District Attorney's office the
money, bonds and stock of National banks
cannot be assessed. This has aroused more
discussion than all the other points
put together, as it directly affects the
pockets of the multitude of working
people who have deposited their savings
in the local banks. As the savings banks
have to pay taxes and the National banks
are exempt, the discrimination will enable
the National banks to declare dividends
higher than their competitors.
Assessor Dalton does not believe the
Attorney is right in the matter
ana be is sustained by the Attorney-Gen
eral. In an|opinion from Attorney-General
Fitzgerald, he says:
"I am of the opinion, therefore, that for
the purpose of testing the question and
obtaining a decision from our Supreme
Court definitely determining the rights of
'all concerned as to such assessments, the
assessors of the State should assess to the
National banks all persona] property,
money, currency, etc., belonging to these
banks. The procedure for assessing the
stock in the hands of shareholders and the
personal property of the bank, and for col
lecting taxes thus assessed, is the same as
that presented by the Political Code for all
other property of the same general char
acter."
The opinion handed in by the District
Attorney reads:
My opinion, therefore, is that shares of the
capita; stock of National banking corporations
cannot, under the law, be assessed either to
the individual owners thereof or to the bank
as a corpora and that such shares are not
in any way subject to taxation lor State and
county purposes.
In answer to ihe second question propounded
by you, 1 will >ay that under the principles
hereinbefore enunciated in this opinion cash
on hand of National banks, held by such banks '
in their capacity as National banks, cannot be
legally assessed lor State and county taxes.
In answer to the third question propounded
by you, my opinion is that under the law no
property of National banks can be assessed for
the out pose of taxation In this State, except
real property belonging to such banks.
Now that the Supervisors and District
Attorney have concluded their work and
have tossed the responsibility for their
actions from one to the other and inci
dentally to the advice of Mr. Morebouse,
the indignation meeting is being ar
ranged. .
CONVICTED AND RELEASED.
lYirkinaii Set Free, but Quickly Placed
Under Arrest Again.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 22.— Ed Wick
man, who has been in jail since June 25,
1895, for hiring a horse and buggy and
forgetting to return it, was to-day released
by Judge Ogden. His freedom was short
lived, however, for as soon as he left the
courthouse Constable Koch arrested him
and placed him in tbe Sheriff's keeping
again.
Wickman's case is of unusual interest.
The information was not filed against him
until August 21, 1895, while he was locked
up on June 25 for committing the offense.
■\Yhen the case was called Defore Judge
Frick the prisoner's attorney moved to
have his client discharged upon the
ground that the information had not been
filed within the prescribed thirty days,
as provided by law. The court refused
the motion and Wick man was tried and
convicted.
The case was appealed to the Supreme
Court, where Judge Frick was overruled
and the prisoner ordered roJeasea on the
point made. It is now claimed by the
prisoner's attorney that he will escape
serving time altogether, while if Judge
Frick bad ordered bis release be could
nave been rearrested and convicted. The
fact that he has once beeu convicted will
prevent him from being tried again, ac
cording to his attorney's interpretation of
the law.
Police Protection Asked.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 22.— Chief of
Police Lloyd to-day received complaint of
a set of young hoodlums who infest Lafay
ette square nights and make night hideous
for those aronnd that vicinity. It has
been Tieir practice to occupy the benches
in the square, singing and yelling until a
iSn, nW-'? 11 . then t0 C * m P "P On th «
«',.?? ? f ad JJim° imn R residences until 1 and 2
o clock in the morning.
thi. a m Jl iB , nt « or rather at Bn «Mly hour
Sri % A n V h u ey disturbed a crippled
police whistle before they would leave a
police whistle before they would leave.
A RAILROAD-BUILDER.
Funeral of '.tybert- S. Egbert, Who
Helped to Build the Central
Pacific.
OAKLAND, Cai., July 22.— The services
over the remains of the late Robert 8.
Egbert, who died a few days ago on his
farm, near Rio Vista, was held from the
family residence, 1523 Webster street, this
afternoon. At his own request his four
sons acted as pallbearers. Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean officiated, while the interment took
place in Mountain View Cemetery.
The deceased was born in New York
State seventy years ago, and has lived in
this city twenty years. He was formerly
a member of the firm of Sisson, Egbert &
Co. of Colfax, who built a large portion of
the Central Pacific Railroad. Besides his
four sons he leaves a widow and one
daughter.
Synagogue on tho Move.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 22.— The work
of removing the Hebrew synagogue from
the corner of Clay and Thirteenth streets
goes on slowly, owing to the numerous
electric and street car lines.
' The hu;e building was cat in two and
the rear half moved away, while the front
half stands by itself on the old situation.
Only one block a day is made, for at every
crossing there are electric-car wires to cut,
besides the telegraph and telephone wires,
which are numerous at this point.
An Oakland Boy's Success.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 22.— Word has
reached the city that Percy W. Lewis, son
of Dr. \Y. F. Lewis, has been elected a
director and secretary of the Northwestern
Lime and Cement Company of St. Paul.
Mr. Lewis was a member of the class ot
'98, University of California. He had
only been an employe of the company for
a year, which is one of the largest of its
kind in the Northwest.
Mollie Trnynor's Funeral.
OAKLAND, Gal., July 21.— The funeral
of Mollie Traynor took place from the
Morgue this afternoon at the expense of
the county, the family refusing to con
tribute toward it. Her father testified at
the inquest last night that he had no
means, and a brother who is a peddler re
fused to stand the expense.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS,
The Oakland Beard of Trade
Is Considering the
Question.
Recommendations of Colonel Menden.
hall and Colonel Suter
Indorse!
Oakland Office Saw Fbancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 21. J
The Board of Trade met tc-night to con
sider tbe Oakland harbor improvements.
M. J. Keller reported the recent visit of a
committee to Colonel Suter and the in
formation gained. He then spoke of tbe
Fruitvale sewerage which is caving tbe
citizens of Aiameda so much trouble. He
asserted that the sewer emptied into the
canal under the tidal bridge in order to
save the outlay of $25,000.
"They claimed to have paid $250 for this
privilege," said Mr. Keller, "but as to who
got that money we are not informed." He
then spoke of the petition circulated by
Dr. McLean for tbe completion of the Oak
land harbor, at the end of which was
placed a joker which caught most of those
who signed it. It was to the effect that
the tidal canal should be finished first. He
said the doctor was asked to leave it at
home when he went to Washington, as a
guarantee of good faith. He was highly
indignant at any such insinuation, but he
tooK it along just the same, and from the
present outlook it seemed that it had had
the desired effect.
James P. Taylor said it was an Oakland
harbor and not an Alameda harbor. He
did not see how the Alameda people could
expect a harbor when there had never been
such a suggestion. The tidal canal was
s'mply to be a secondary consideration.
The money was not appropriated for a
sanitary effect but for a commercial pur
pone.
£. C. Sessions, Edson Adams and E. L.
Norton spoke upon the subject, after
which resolutions were passed indorsing
the recommendations of Colonel Menden
hall and Colonel Suter and urging imme
diate action be taken to complete tbe har
bor improvements in tbe order of their rec
ommendations. A copy of these resolutions
will be sent to the chief engineer at
Washington, Colonel Suter, and all of the
California Representatives in Congress.
ALL TO HIS WIDOW.
Capitalist Snyder's Will la Filed at
' Kapa.
OAKLAND Cal., July 21.— will of
the late A. J. Snyder of this city, who
died at his residence in Calistoga two
weeks ago, was filed for probate in Napa
to-day. The document is short and was
signed by the deceased on March 11, 1896,
with Dr. Sill and J. A. Johnson, both of
this city, as witnesses. The entire estate,
amounting to $325,000, is left to the widow,
who is named executrix without bonds.
The estate consists of property in Oak
land, and includes the laud and buildings
on the corner of Tenth and Franklin
streets, Ninth and Washington streets and
on San Pablo avenue, together with bank
stocks, mortgages and personal property.
The Calistoga property belongs to the
widow.
The heirs left include Miss Alice and
Miss Lillian. Mrs. Emma Relnhardt, Mrs.
Rebecca Wurts, Byron and A. J. Jr. and a
granddaughter. The latter is the child of
Mrs. Carrie Troas-fcinyder, the widow of
Sherman A. Snyder.
HISTORY Of A DAY.
•■ - i
Alameda County Happening! Told in
Brief Chapter*.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 22. '{
George W. Kelly, who was a member of the
School Board of Piedmont District, hug re
signed and has been succeeded by W. D. Mc-
Artliur. The other members of the board are
Hugh Craig and M. L. Gray. -
Annie Beaudry, widow of the late L. M
Beaudry, has assigned to Edward J. Le Breton
herrigh.s and Interest In San Pablo rancho
in Contra Costa County, the consideration
being 13,000.
W. S. Harlow, as commissioner, to-day sold a
Jot In the Roland tract, under a decree of fore
closure in the suit of the Pacific Coast Savings
Society against Harriet A. Boy to plaintiff
for $1277 23. .%
John, William and Noble Davis, three broth
ers arrested, on complaint of H. Klrchner on
the charge of vagrancy, pleaded not guilty and
will be tried to-morrow.
. Louisa Perez Bern has petitioned to be ap
pointed guardian of her minor children, who
are Mary Antona, Eliza, Katie, David, Lucy
and Manuel Perez.
Jacob Harris was acquitted on the charge of
dyeing without a license. Mr. Harris claimed
that he did not dye himsel:, but It was the
other fellow. ■ >•; ' ' -. -
' ' Public Administrator Knight has applied for
letters of ■ administration on the esute of £11.
Jan Mnson Cooper. The estate is valued at
$3,40350.
W. H. Knight has been appointed adminis
trator of . the . estate ;of Lucy A. Martinez, de
ceased. Bfttff^WliWr^TliJ^WMriW
Eleven Chinese gamblers forfeited $ 5 each in
the police court to-day, and . two dealers $25
each. - . ; • " ;\ .' * •"' . .-. ; . ;
Detective Shorey Is < looking for the fellow
who broke up one of the old i lamp posts of the
City and sola the pieces to a junk dealer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
HE EVICTED HIS
MOTHER-IN-LAW.
Mrs. Ellen Shaw Hurriedly
Driven to Jail in a
Patrol Wagon.
ACCUSED OF INSANITY.
District Attorney Church Orders
Her Release as Soon as He*
Heard the Facts.
SHE CHARGES A CON9PIRACY.
Having Got All Possible From Her
They Have No Desire for Her
Company.
Oakland Office Saw Fbancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 22. f
Because of a disagreement with her son
in-law Mrs. Ellen Shaw, a nurse with an
Mrs. Ellen Shaw, Whose Son-ln-Law Caused Her Imprisonment for Insanity,
and Whose Husband Wanted to Marry Her a Third Time.
excellent record substantiated by recom
mendations of doctors, was . rushed to
prison in the patrol wagon charged with
insanity, detained for more than a day
and then released as quickly as she was
arrested. No examination was held, and
Mrs. Shaw considers she is a greatly
abused woman.
Edward Leimeir. the son-in-law, says j
Mrs. Shaw went to his house to nurse his i
wife through an illness and that she made
herself too officious and finally he locked
her out after telling her to leave bis house. I
He put all her baggage into the basement
and says that she attempted to gain an
entrance while he and his wife held the
door. He also says that she bit his finger
and struck her eye against tbe door.
The son-in-law told the officer that he
did not intend to press the charge of insan
ity, but asked that she be kept in jail for a
few days till she cave a promise or bonds
to keep away from her daughter, who, he
said, was afraid of her life.
Mrs. Shaw tells a very different story.
"By my daughter's request," she said, j
"I came to Oakland to care for her during
her illness, and later I had almost the sole
charge of my little grandchild, which died !
three weeks ago. I did everything pos«- j
ble for my daughter's comfort and happi- '
ness, but for all this she has tried to rail
road me to the asylum, knowing I had no I
friends here to help me.
HE PRAYED IN A PUBLIC SCHOOL.
OAKLAND Cal., July 22.— An incident which is causing a good deal of discussion
at Livermore is the prayer offered by Rev. John E. Reid, pastor of the Presbyterian
church of that place, at the recent closing exercises. Principals Connell and Petray
invited the pastor to deliver an invocation, and declare that they did not dream that
they were doing anything that would produce discord. The affair was discussed by
tbe members of St. Michael's Church and an objection was taken. A committee
waited upon the Sdhool Trustees and stated that the action was a violation of the spirit
of the law, which contemplates keeping the public schools free of sectarian teaching.
The Trustees have decided that no body of taxpayer! shall have cause to complain of
the same thing in the future.
"It all came about in this way: I have
been twice married and divorced from her
father, Thomas E. Finch, who keeps a
saloon on Sixth and Broadway, and for
I financial reasons she has ill-treated me to
I please him.
"Her husband is employed by him and
|he also boards with my daughter. Mon
day at dinner, although I have never
spoken to my divorced husband, she
ordered me to wait on him at the table.
I refused and a quarrel ensued.
"She told her husband to kick ra« out,
bnt he did not heed her. Theo^l went up
town to seek a position at nursing. When
I returned they held the door ana I at
tempted to ro in, when my daughter and
husband both beat and abused me.
"As for biting him it is a falsehood, for
in the first place I could not if I wanted
to. My npper teeth are false. The whole
thing is manufactured and if ne is hurt it
was done while trying to injure toe. Then
he got so furiously angry that the patrol
wagon was sent for. Wnen it came he
was very anxious to have me handcuffed
and the officer who did it evidently had
pity for me. for he gently drew my velvet
cape over them.
"If my friends could be communicated
with I could soon prove that I am the vic
tim of a conspiracy. The chief actors are
my only child, Eva, and her father, who,
from tbe time I married him, twenty-five
years ago. in Gold Hill, Nev., has made
my life a burden. I have his notes in my
bosom for $SOO and $500, both outlawed,
for that started him in the business he
now hat. I earned it, every cent, by
nursing and keeping lodging-house. Only
last winter I pawned my diamonds to my
daughter for $20, and she now has them.
"I have testimonials from the leading
physicians of San Jose for character and
] ability, and this is the first time I have
{ ever been treated as my own child has
! treated me — thrown me into prison.
"If I am insane, why is it that I am left
i here. Why was 1 not brought before the
doctors to determine the matter?
"I have a sister in Gilroy and two sisters
in Placerville. My nephew is the Sheriff
I there, and as soon as my relatives can be
| communicated with everything will be set
right. My husband, from whom I have
1 been twice divorced, has lately asked me
| to be remarried to him for the third time,
1 but I would not hear of it."
Deputy District Attorney Church made
inquiries when the case was placed before
him and the woman was at once released
and is now stopping with friends.
Sheriff White and Jailer Lane said Mrs.
Shane was quite sane and were surprised
that she should be charged with insanity.
Kxhlblts Being Placed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jnly 22.— The exhib
itors have begun the placing of their ex
hibits at the exposition building. Only
sight days remain in which to place things
in order, and during that time work will
be rushed day and night. Everything
will be in place for the opening evening.
One of the features will be the news
paper bootns. which will be handsomely
decorated and will serve as resting-places
end information bureaus. They will also
l>e used as rendezvous for parties desiring
to meet each other while in the building.
ONWARD MARCH OF
THE PHYLLOXERA.
Viticulturist Hayne Talks
of the Dreaded Vine
Disease.
MANY ACRES AFFECTED.
In Many Cases the Wrong
Species Have Been
Planted.
SPECIES AUD VARIETY.
He Says There Are bat Few Good
Kinds of Resistant Vines in
California.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 22.— Instructor
Hayne of the College of Agriculture at the
State University has jast returned from
an inspection of the vineyards in the
Upper Napa Valley, including Oakville,
St. Helena, Howell Mountain, Pope Val
ley, Calißtoga, etc. The object of his trip,
he says, was twofold. First, he wished
to determine if the so-called "Riparia dis
ease" was the Anahe.m disease, and sec
ond, to note the progress of the selected
resistant vines which the university im
ported for distribution last spring, sam
ples of which were sent to a few typical
localities for trial before the general dis
tribution takes place in the spring of 1897.
Regarding the general condition of the
vineyards Mr. Hayne said that it was bet
ter than he had expected, after having
heard of the effects of the frost. The crop
will be, in most vineyards, less than was
expected before the frost came, but more
than was expected after the frost. There
has been some dropping of grapes in cer
tain vineyards, but not enough to be taken
into general consideration. The second
crop will De a fine one in localities thai are
early enough to ripen it.
One the whole the damage to the first
crop will not be as serious as was hrst
anticipated.
The phylloxera has made steady prog
ress and many acres that were expected
to yield a good crop will cease to bear
this year. Many acres of replanted vines
that were counted on for good crops this
year will prove disappointments. This,
Mr. Hayne says, is due in a great measure
to the planting either of the wrong species
on a given soil or to the planting of poor
varieties of these species. It is the same
old story. Vine-growers started in wrong.
They made the same mistakes that were
made elsewhere twenty years ago. They
confounded species with variety, forgetting
that each species embraces hundreds of
varieties, most of which are worthless.
Thus good varieties of the species Riparia
resist (when planted on proper soils) per
fectly, but poor varieties of Riparia will
surely perish sooner or later either from
phylloxera or some other cause.
Tnere are very few good varieties of re
sistant vines in Calilomia. Most of the
propagation has been made from "job
• lots" taken haphazard from the forests of
Nebraska, etc. Some of these varieties
F roved good — most inferior or worthless,
n most cases where failures or poor re
sults have been obtained, it is due to these
cheap non-selected varieties, which, after
years of care ana cultivation, fall at about
the time they are counted on for paying
crops. Those who were fortunate enough
to replant on well-selected varieties will
have fine crops. The unfortunate ones
are very blue and many are repeating the
old question that has been answered over
and over again, "Do resistants really re
sist?" A good resistant will resist per
fectly — and a bad one will not.
It was in order to enable the vine-growers
of California to profit by the twenty years
of experience and the many failures of
others that the university imported 20,000
cuttings of the best selected resistants from
abroad. These are now in nursery at
Berkeley and will be ready for distribution
next season. Nearly every one laughed at
thi3 idea of selected varieties, but Mr.
Hayne got them all the same and had
samples sent to a few typical locations.
Now the doubting are asked to go to the
vineyard of H. W. Crabb, the veteran
scientific viticulturist of Napa, and see for
themselves what the size and vigor of the
Riparia gloinde montpellier, or Riparia
grande giabre, really is, as compared with
the feeble, thin-wooded varieties of riparia
found in many of the vineyards of Cali
fornia.
At the vinery of John Swett of Martinez,
Contra Costa County, will be found these
two varieties of riparia, which are fully
twice as laree and vigorous as any other
varieties of riparia grown in this State.
In view of the opposition and ridicule
first encountered Mr. Hayne expressed
himself as delighted with the results of
the importation. "Let them go and judge
for themselves," said he, "and we will
hear no more about theories. Let them
look at the Riparia gloire and the Riparia
grand glabre, and compare them with
those riparias found on places that are
reported as being failures, and I will be
satisfied."
Concerning the "mysterious disease at
tacking only the riparias," of which so
much has been written, Mr. Bayne said
that one good result of his trip was acer
taining that whatever the trouble was it
was of a surety not the Anaheim disease.
"Were it the Anaheim disease," said he,
"I should feel very much discouraged, for
no one knows what this is. It is a con
tagious disease that since 1887 has swept
out of existence over 80,000 acres of fine
vines south of Tehachapi, but the cause of
which is unknown, and so far has been
found incurable.
"From hasty examination it is impossible
to say definitely wliat the trouble is at St.
Helena. It. is probably due to a complica
tion of troubles — mainly bad varieties and
those in no way suited to the soil; but
nothing definite can bo said till fuller
investigation has been made."
On the whole, the prospects were never
brighter for the winemaker. The quality
of California wine is 50 per cent better to
day than it was five years ago, and prices
are almost all one could desire.
Hnrker Still Misting.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 22.— Charles G.
Harker, the young San Francisco attor
ney who suddenly and mysteriously dis
appeared from his home in Berkeley on
July 3, is still missing. An interview witn
nis sister this morning at the family sum
mer home on Bushnell place failed to dis
close any information as to the where
abouts of the well-to-do young lawyer.
Tiie police, private detectives and per
sonal iriends of the family have kept a
constant vigil since the disappearance of
Harlcer, but with no result. It is not be
lieved that he has become the victim of
fool play, but that lie is simply wandering
about in a fit of melancholia.
Wilkle-Rhorer Opera.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 22.— The peo
ple of Berkeley will be given a rare treat
on next Friday evening by the Wilkie-
Rhorer Amateur Opera Company, which
will present the comic, romantic opera,
"The Bandit Prince," written by A. S.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
- •« •■' •- ■-• - . „-.;:., ■_■ - . ■ -. . ■■. ■ -, ■ ■ j ». . ■ .
Auction Bales
GEO. F. LAMSOS, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lO Knarny Street.
THIS DAY.
Thursday ;;..;....... July 23, 1896,
• . At a o'clock p. m., on tho premises,
O'hARRELL. ST., NEAR .TAYLOR,
>....i WILL SELL • :: :x\ _;-;■:
The S early New .iTurnltare of Residence, com-
prising 1 Fine Parlor Set, covered in figured silk
tapestry: Lace Curtains, Pictures, Uruafnents,
Ottomans; 1 Fine Mantel Clock;: New Parlor
Tables; a New PoiisheJ Ortte Chamber Suits; 1
Elegant Polished Oak Chiffonier; Fine Hair Mat-
tress, Feather Pillows, Blankets; 1 Elegant. Bed
Lounge; Fine Brussels Carpets. Kupa, Mats: 1
improved Range, Aeateware, Kitchen Utensils,
etc. . OEO. Fv LAMSON, Auctioneer.
Rhorer, a well-known Berkeleyan. Among
the local performers who will take leading
roie9 are: Miss Dorothy Goodsell, Miss
Alice Partridge, Alfred Wilkie, Reginald
Travers and A. S. Rhorer.
News Notes in Brief.
BERKELEY. Cal, July 22.— At the
meeting of the Lorni Fire Department
last evening the following delegates to the
fire convention to be held on Friday even
ing were elected : Joseph Stapleton, L.
S. KogerB. G. Waterbury Jr., Walter Lane
and FT Dixon.
Theodore Wagner has been appointed
referee in the suit of Matilda Erken
brecker against A. A. Finn;, involving the
parties' interests in a laundry business in
Berkeley.
Charles Franklin of West Berkeley has
applied for letters ol administration upon
the estate of Bridget Franklin. The es
tate Is valued at about $2,500.
Charles Phanther of San Pablo avenue,
who was one of the passengers from
Central America on the wrecked steamer
Colombia, is confined to his room with au
attack of malaria aggravated by exposure
on the trip.
George Schmidt, J. R. Little, Fred Mar
quand, George H. Strieker, and Frank
Loveil have been appointed deputy regis
tration officers for the town of Berkeley.
Their appointment Has been for the con
venience of citizens doing business else
where than Bemeley, ana who are away
all dey.
The regular meeting of the West Berke
ley Republican Club was held to-night at
the ciuuroom on Uuiversity avenue.
The Jadies of the Friends of Liberty will
give a social to-morrow evening at Ameri
can Hall.
The South Berkeley Fire Company
elected the following delegates to the Fire
Convention last evening: S. H. Shada, J.
W. Miller, J. J. Rose, E. J. Lough and E.
Boag.
TWO YOUTHFUL TRAMPS
Walk to San Jose in Search of
Work and Are Locked
Up Twice.
Judge Frick Has On y Made a Minute
Order in tbe Electric Light
Injunction Suit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 22.— Thomas
Slater and Aubrey M. Yates, two young
Alamedans, started out last Thursday
afternoon with community funds of $1 50
and three toothbrushes to tramp to San
Jose. They reached San Jose on Friday
night hungry and footsore and begged
supper from a friendly-looking young
woman. Her father, Sheriff Lyndon of
Santa Clara County, looked in upon them
while they were enjoying their meal, and
then marched them to the County Jail.
Slater exhibited their money left and ex
plained that they were in search of work
as fruit-picKers, and the Sheriff let fhem
go. They were unabl« to get employment
at San Jose or Los Gatos in the orchards.
Yates says that all the girls in the country
are getting boys' jobs now since the
woman suffrage question started, and he
feels hurt.
Yutes 1 boots also hurt him and he took
advantage, so he says, of the meeting with
anotner tramp to buy a new pair of shoes
from him for 10 cents, selling his old razor
pointed toes to some one else for 50 cents.
The owner of the new jhoes recognized
them later on and Aubrey M. was marched
to the jail a second time. His mate put
up the silver dollar left in the treasury
and Yates was allowed to goon his proruise
that he would remit another 50 cents to
the bootmaker when he returned to
Alameda.
After these experiences the boys decided
to leave San Jose and get back home,
which they reached last night on foot,
with sundry lifts from passing wagons on
the road. Both boys are under 14 years
of age.
Native Sons.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jnly 22,— District
Grand President Hynes' powers as install
ing officer were again brought into requisi- I
tion last night by Halcyon Parlor, N. S.
G. W., in the Masonic Temple. A num
ber of visiting brethren from San Fran-!
Cisco, Brooklyn and Oakland attended. !
The officers installed were: W. C. For- I
syt.'ie Jr., past president; Ft C. Shepherd, '
president; J. L. Ballentine, first, vice
president; W. F. Chipman, second vice
president; L. A. Hajry, third vice-presi- j
dent; J. G. Stubbs, marshal;' H. O. Ten
ney, recording secretary ; P. C. Sunder,
financial secretary; Ernest Mayrisch Jr.,
treasurer; George Innes, insidn sentinel; j
W. B. Hinchman, outside sentinel; Ed
ward Bleyman, trustee. After the busi
ness a banquet was held in the adjoining
room.
Oakland Exposition.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 22.— The direc- I
tors of tbe Oakland exposition met this j
evening with the local committee having
in chnrge "Alameda Day." The local
committee met and organized witn Dr. T.
Carpenter as chairman and J. E. Barber
secretary. The committee was addressed
by George Roeth, M. J. Keller, Craigie
Sharpe. Mr. Bell, T. A. Smith, J. W.
T ravers, B. F. Lam born and J. E. Barber.
The committee will arrange the pro
gramme of exercises for a special day at
the lair.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 22.— The various
woman suffrage societies of the county
met this afternoon to perfect arrange
ments in connection with the suffrage
booth in the Oakland Exposition. Mrs. S.
C. Borland was chosen chairman, Mrs. M.
T. Walker secretary, Mrs. Olive Uabcock
treasurer. A number of minor committees
were selected to attend to decorations and
other small details. It is tbe desire of the
ladies to make their headquarters in tbe
exposition one of the fentuivs of the exhi
bition, and conversaziones, pow-wows,
musical matinees and other pleasurable
features are being extensively arranged.
.Midge Krlck'ft Decision.
ALAMEDA. Cal., July L'2.— l r appears j
in the injunction suit of J. T. Fleming vs.
The City Trustees that Judge Frick has
not yet rendered a statement of his find
ings. All he has done so far is tbe enter- j
ing up of a minute order with toe County
Clerk, which reads as follows: "It is or
dered, adjudged and decreed that judg
ment be and it is hereby rendered in favor |
of defendant herein, and it is further or
dered that the injunction prayed for by
said plaintiff be and tbe same is hereby
denied." No opinion has so far been
vouchsafed on the right of the municipal
ity to sell light to the citizens.
Another Train-Jumper.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 22.— J. H. Smith,
an expressman, made a run to catch the
narrow-gauge train en route to San Fran
cisco at the dinner hour. Tne train was
in motion and Smith caught hold of the
handrail of the front car, but was jerked
S. BASCH. AUCTIONEER
And Commission .M*>rfh»nt rflice. 632 Market St
GrnoduM at SA.IjE.'
„ I WILL SELL THIS DAY,
Thursday.. :.....■;.-...-.:■?..■.;.. .Jaly MS, 189«,
At 11 cock a. x, on the premises.
114 ELKVE>TH ST., NKAK MISSION.
The Grocery nnd Saloon, consist! n* of the fresh-
est and choicest Wines; Liquors; Clears and To-
bacco: Teas; Coffees: .So<rar; Hams: Bacon; Glass-
ware, etc. Also 1 bbl. Vinegar; 1 Cash Register:
1 \\ ilshlre Sate: 2 Howe Hcalen: 1 coffee-mill,
cost fSO: Tea Caddies: Counters; Shelving; Bar
| and Back Bar; Barroom fables; Chairs, etc. At-
tention: Grocerymen and buyers in general ara
requested to attend this sale, at the goods are the
choicest and freshest ever offered at public auc-
tion, and must be sold without Up it or reserve.
Terms cash. a. BASCH, Auctioneer.
, , THIS DAY AT 1 1 J. M.
Stoct and Fixtures of a Delicacy and Dairy
; Store, Horse and Wagon.
P<»LK ST., NKAK SACRAMENTO.
FRANK W. BUTTKKFIELO, Auctioneer,
, __^__ - . •'• . 19 Montgomery street.
off on to the roadway. Dr. Bronson's
services were the% secured to dress a
wound he had receffed on the head and to
mate a physical examination.
AT TRESTLE GLEN TO-DAY
Booth-Tucker, Miss Anthony and
Other Attractions Prom
ised.
The Annual Gathering of the War.
riors Will Terminate on N?xt
Sunday Night
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 22. \
Miss Susan B. Anthony and Rev. Eliza
Tupper Wilkes will address the Salvation
Army camp-meeting at Trestle Glen to
morrow afternoon. These ladies believe
that there is a great field in which to
pursue their labors on behalf of woman
suffrage in the Salvation Army, and will
deliver addresses on their favorite topics.
There will be a great gathering at the
Glen Thursday, as many representatives
from the different Ladies' Suffragist clubs
will attend to hear tbe speakers.
Commissioner Booth-Tucker will arrive
at the campground to-morrow evening, and
if the train is not delayed he will be in
time to deliver an address. The camp
will break up on Sunday night, and the
last three days will be what the pro
gramme calls a "hallelujah cyclone."
Commissioner Booth-Tucker will conduct
all the meetings, and on Sunday afternoon
there will be a double wedding.
Staff Captain Willis will be married to
Ensign Minnie Wise of San Francisco, and
Ensign Campbell to Captain Lucas.
"The attendance on Sunday will be very
great," said Brigadier Keppel, "and the
wedding will bring out on extraordinarily
large crowd in the afternoon, and so we
have decided to charge a small admission
fee to the glen. This is done to prevent
the large crowd who will attend simply
out of curiosity and to the discomfort of
the iriends of tne contracting parties. We
have had a very successful camp-meeting
so far, and 1 expect a glorious wind-up."
KNOWS WHO HE IS.
William Henry Main-vraring Makes an
Important Discovery Late in
Life.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 22.— Most people
know who they are before they are 28
years old. It was not so with W. H. Main
waring, and he is anxious to let his friends
know why he made t>ie change from the
name he has been known under all his
life. He is a well-known young business
man of this city.
"When I was but a babe," said Mr.
Mainwaring to-day, "my mother and
father separated, my mother keeping me.
When I became old enough to know my
name I knew it to be William Henry Wil
liams, not knowing of the existence of my
father, and but what I was bearing my
c*vn name. I have gone by the name of
Williams untii recently, wnen I was made
acquainted with the fact that my father is
not dead but alive, and that my* name is
W. H. Mainwaring and not Williams. I
therefore disown the name of Williams
and take my own name, by which I want
to be known, William Henry Mainwar
ing."
• — ♦— •
She Will Be Cared For.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 22.— Mrs. W. H.
H. Hussey has applied for letters of guar
dianship upon Mrs. Nellie E. Buttter, the
old army nurse. Her estate is a pension
of $12 per month. The application shows
that Mrs. Buttler is addicted to the exces
sive use of intoxicants, and recklessly ex
poses herself to danger and evil society,
and is wholly incompetent to control
herself. Mrs. Hussev is a prominent
member of the W. R. C. Corps of this city.
The City's Turn Now.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 22.— City Auditor
Snow is now busily engaged checking up
the assessment roils. On next Monday
night they will be in the hinds of the City
Clerk and the City Council will sit as a
Board of Equalization.
The assessed valuation will be the same
as the county, except that the water-front
property has been assessed as private prop
erty the same as last year. {
An Old School-Teacher.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 22. — Officer
Powers to-day arrested P. G. Williams,
who claims to be an old Massachusetts
scliool-teacber. on two charges of petty
larceny. A. P. Chrisiianson. claims that
be stole a sold watch and chain and a
diamond pin and tried to pawn them,
lion Hill's Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 21.— District At
torney Snook has completed his amend
ments to the bill of exceptions in the case
of Ben Hill, convicted of murder. The
matter will be settled in a short time, but
Hill's attorney, Tom Bradley, saved his
client being taken to San Quentin by get
ting a ten days' continuance.
That Footrace.
The preliminary examination of Richard
Schaffer and Willisim McDonald, charged
with obtaining $500 from F. Harrison
Williams of Eureka by a fake footrace, was
continued to-day until August l at 10
o'clock by Justice Lawrence, sitting for
Justice Clift, who is on a vacation to the
Sandwich Islands.
To Examine Coolgarrile Miner
Pascal Gamier, a mining expert from Paris,
is at the Palnce. but will start to-day for
Australia, where he has been sent by a large
Parisian mining syndicate to sp-ind flve
months in examining mines in the Cooljrardie
district, the much talked about gold produc
ing aesert region of West Australia. The com
pany already owns three mines in that district
anti is looking for more. Last year Mr. Gam
ier. whi. is n young man and a graduate of
tha School of Mines at Paris, completed a four
teen months' study, for this fame company, of
gold mtr.es in South Africa, principally those
In tbe neighborhood of Johauuesburg and be
fore he left bought for his company three
mines for the sum of $50,000, one near Johan
nesburg, one in Kecrksborsr, and one im
Lyndenburz. The eompnny was connected
until three years ago with the Canadian Conper
and Nitrate Company, which had mines in
Canada and works in Cleveland, Ohio, but
since then it has Uken no interest in Ameiican
properties.
•^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
#TOi©*lLil si^?, EA ! S>lr ST ' Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
zS&2££& nCm * m Established
in 1»B4 lor the treatment of Private
mi C.tttVg!3f ■Diseases, Lost Manhood-- Debility or
(£§£§§?&&& disease wearing on mind and
%3a9gjBsKg Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhcu
«^3^P^l others fall. Try him. Charges low
rnrf>ennrantrrd. Callorwri'p
Sir. J. *'. uIBBON. Box 1957. SaaFrancSca
1314
MAY BE CALLED
ON TO EXPLAIN,
Supervisors May Have to
Defend Their Re
ductions.
GRAND JURY WILL ACT
District Attorney Barnes Look
ing Up the Jury's Legal
Powers.
WILL REPORT NEXT MONDAY.
Then the Grand Jury Will Determine
What Steps to Take in
the Matter.
The meeting of the Grand Jury which
was to hare been held this afternoon has
been postponed until next Monday, at
which time some action will probably be
taken in retard to proceeding against
those Supervisors who showed themselves
so kindly disposed to the corporations last
Monday.
District Attorney Barnes and his as
sistants are busy looking up the legal
aspect of the matter, having been requested
to do so by a committee of the Grand Jury.
L'pon the presentation of their report on
Monday the jury will proceed against the
"solid seven" either by a criminal prose
cution or by an application to have them
removed from office.
"The probable course of the Grand
Jury," said Secretary McLennan yester
day, "will be to proceed against the Super
visors for dereliction of duty. They cer
tainly cannot plead ignorance as an excuse ■
for having lowered the assessments of the I
corporations. Exhaustive researches were '
made, expert figures were furnished and it
WU established beyond the shadow of a
doubt that the assessments should be :
greatly raised abova» even the original \
figures. If in the face of all this the mem- j
bers say that they acted 'according to the \
best of their judgment' it is time that |
their places should be rilled by men whose |
judement. is more competent.
"Our aim primarily is not to compel the
corporations to produce their books, al
though it may come around to that. The
books would probably be of little help, for
if any money had been paid out,, as it is
believed to have been paid, there would
probably be mysterious entries which
woul 1 be perfectly unintelligible. What
we aim at first is to prove that the Super
visors have flagrantly neglected and ig
nored their duty, and we believe that we
can back our statements with considerable
evidence. Afterward if we are in a posi
tion to prosecute them criminally we shall
probabiy do so. We do not aim to do this
just yet, as we do not wish to overshoot
the mark by aiming too high.
"Another thing that we hope to do by
these proceedings is to establish some
standard by which to assess property. The
present method is entirely unsatisfactory.
A corporation is assessed only $4,000,000 or
$5,000,000 when it is paying interest on
stocks and bonds to the extent of perhaps
$20,000,000. There should be some uniform
rule of assessing valuations that should
equalize the burdens of taxation.
"Suppose I own a piece of property
worth $50,000. If I have to sell immedi
ately at forced sale 1 may not get $40,000 —
I may not get $30,000, but I am pretty sure
to get $'25,000. If this basis of valuation
were employed in assessing and were em
ployed uniformly, it would certainly tend
to equalize the burdens of taxation by
making ail, corporations and individuals,
pay their share.
"I believe that the majority of the
peopl- are with us in this fight, and in
tend to stand by us. It is the first time a
Grand Jury has attempted such a thing,
and we intend to find out just to what ex
tent Supervisors are responsible for their
leeal actions, and how they can be called
to account for them."
HIS ACCOUNT IS CLOSED
John H. Turney, an Esteemed
Pioneer, Passes Away at
Sausalito.
His Career Was Chequered and
Marked Throughout by Perfect In
tegrity and Fidelity.
There died in Sausahto yesterday John
H. Turney, one of the prominent pioneer
residents of San Francisco and a life mem
ber and ex-treasurer of the association.
He had been in failing health for many
months, and bis demise is attributed to
old age.
From a biographical sketch furnished by
Henry B. Livingston, historiographer of
the Society of California Pioneers, the sub
joined extracts are culled:
John Hilton Turney was born In the city of
New York in October, 1816, and at the time of
his decease had attained the ripe age of nearly
80 years. His father, James Turney, carried
on lor many years an extensive publishing
establishment on Nassau street, ana it may be
stated in this connection that ne first issued
in America the complete works of Charles
Dickens. He whs also co-Inventor with a Mr.
Rust of the Washington press, the patent tor
which was subsequently sold to the famous
"Hoe."
The son. John, in childhood attended the
Tapper School, on Orchard street, and com
pleted his scholastic education in the New
York High School. At 16 years of age he en
tered his father's employ, remaining with him
for about four years. He then accepted the
office of teller in the National Bank, the emi
nent Albert Gallatin at that time being presi
dent of the institution.
In company with A. W. you Schmidt, H. P.
Barber, William C. Kibbe, Dr. Behrene, Wil
liam Ford, Jo.siah Lecount, William Thompson
and Messrs. Young, Fairchild and Harris he
chartered the schooner Fanny shortly after the
news of the discovery of cold reached the
great metropolis. They stocked the craft with
canned fruits, vegetables, etc., and sailed
February 7, 1849, for Vera Cruz. From the
latter port the party crossed Mexico to Maz
atlan. where they remained one week, leaving
on another vessel bearing the same name a"s
that on which they voyaged from New York to
Vera Cruz— a singular coincidence.
The schooner sailed from Mazatlan April 24
and entered the Golden Gate May 24. Mr.
Turney went up to Smiths Bar on the north
fork of the American River, and with six com
panions niinea there for two months. Return
ing to San Francisco he made his home for one
month with Rodman M. Price, ex-purser of the
United Sta:es frigate Savannah, and afterward
Governor of New Jersey. For a brief period
the enterprising argonaut engMged in general
merchandizing, having for his partner F.
Salmon, iie returnea to New York in October,
1849, and re-entered the National Bank as
teller, and soon afterwnrd occupied the same
position in tho Metropolitan Bank.
On coming out agtin to California he be
came associated with tho banking house of
Burgoyue & Co., where he was employed (or
ten years and a half.
For some three months he held a situation
in the bank of Page. Bacon <fe Co., and then re
turned to the Burgnyne bank, where he staved
until the business was closed out. He took "an
other trip to the mines and purchased gold dust,
and again returning to San Francisco became
connected with the banking house of Tallant <fe
Wilde as teller. With this firm he labored
zealously for seven years.
When the bank of Donohoe, Kelly & Co was
founded Mr. Turney once more resumed his
favorite avocation, taking the teller's counter
and acting as their financial employe duriDg
the ensuing two and a naif years.
In November, 1867, he made a second jour
ney to the Atlantic States, returning hither in
February of the following year.
The subject of this brief biographical sketch
was one of the passengers shipwrecked seventy
miles below Acapulco on the steamer North
America, Captain Blethen master, in March,
1870. There were no fewer than 1200 souls
aboard, but providentially not a life was lost.
The night was light, sea smooth and sandy
beach instead of a rock-bound coast.
The deceased took a lively interest in pro
moting the welfare and advancing the pros
perity of the picturesque suburban village of
Sausaiito, and may justly be regarded as one
of the founders of that settlement.
He also exhibited his attachment to that
locality by building there for the permanent
residence of himself and family a beautiful
homsstead, which he occupied for many years
prior to his demise.
Throughout his more than two score years of
life in San Francisco Mr. Turney held almost
uninterruptedly positions of grave trust and
responsibility. As teller of a number of the
wealthiest and most powerful financial insti
tutions on the coast he received and disbursed
millions of money, and from first to last neither
flaw nor slightest discrepancy ever blurred
his unsullied record. His business qualifica
tions were only equaled by his unswerving in
tegrity, and these indispensable requisites
were fully indorsed by the banks and recog
nized on the marts of trade.
In social life the deceased was a popular and
affable gentleman, courteous in demeanor and
an entertaining conversationalist. A man of
culture, refinement and literary tastes his
companionship was greatly enjoyed by all with
whom he was Intimately associated.
John H. Turney was married in San Fran
oisco November 9, 1869, to Miss Clara Eiize
Venard, daughter of G. Venard. Bhe survives
him, as does also their son, O. W. Turney, who
is a life member of the Society of California
Pioneers.
In another column of this issue will be found
notice ol time of the funeral of the lamented
t.ioneer, which will be attended from Pioneer
Hall in this City.
IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.
Hawaiian Islands the Best Pa
tron of the Port of San
Francisco.
Trade With Central ani South Amer
ica and China Is Rapidly on
the Increase.
Several days ago Collector Wise for
warded to the Department at Washington
a general report for the fiscal year ending
June 30. It was shown by the report that I
the duty collected approached the five and
a half million mark, and tliat the imports
and exports were considerably in excess of j
those of 1895.
From an itemized report sent to the de- I
partment a few aays ago the actual local
tntd« with certain foreign countries is ob- i
tamed. The imports by months, with the
countries named, is given below:
Totala
July
August
1 it
.-... October
November
, ,
January
; V
arch
April
; May..
June
Months.
$23,308 $114,867
22,193 40W31
20.223 170,036
10.V68 178,667
16.650 .i7,8(i0
10,036 68.712
16,309 164,6(14
82.036 33X,f>79
»6,f.9S 622,670
64,177 64» 336
86,:t90 436. 826
39.06S 208,990
$316,646 $2,809,437
Central
Mexico. American
IMPUKTH.
»♦«!.'.. «76,068
38,292
6
73,280
148,802 .
36.677
87,630
6,044
71,667 H
6,667
16,484!1 6,484!
0
j 448
America. Islands.
86,486,774
660,71ft 5878,488
91^,768 860,634 '
647,137 609.480
66H,6'..'9 912.768
8)1,132 047,137
041,349 660,6-20
29 '8*1,132
457.987 641,342
29 ',934 282,667
467.987
China.
It will be seen that the Hawaiian Islands
furnished the largest amount of revenue,
China following, though over $3,000,000
shy of tne little island republic. From
Mexico came coffee and silver bullion and
from the Central American States coffee
and limes. The wreck of the Colombia, it
may be remarked incidentally, has caused
limes to advance fully 50 per cent.
China sent over raw silt and' rice and
Hawaii sugar. Chile found the local port
a good market for nitrate of silver. The
exports to these same countries were as
follows:
Totals
July .'
August
..;......... September
■ October
;....... Novem
in I
January
February
.;.... March.............;
April
May
June
Months.
982.630
100,8:51! '
113,702 92,009
77,523 112,722
164,279 77,623
82,134 164,279
137 82,134
76.978 137.521
85.424 76.978
82.297 85.424
91,243,017 182.297
$1,243,017 . 77,765
Mexico.
South- : Central
American
(States.
$13,006 $216,068
21,611 V!10.!S88
21.610 "276.500
27,533
.243.869 16,967
81,669 411,104
244.489
39,310
,264,495 8,481
236,031
19,256 3
40,074
1
KXPOR'IB.
$10,021 $219,028
17,845 236,076 16.844 607.070
16,636 237,308 17,845 236,076
22,455 16,636 237.808
7,181 22,455 270,478 !
/;■;■ 7,181
9,185 15,314 2*28.618
17.304 247,129 9,185 : 218,417
10,235 17.804 247,129
8,1 2U0.A61 10,235
12,201 . 8,164
4103,285 •3,385,8321 12,201 •
53,385,832 $103,285
Hawaiian rh | n _
92,148,929
$88,824
170.969 106,061
197,208 170.069
48K.330 .107.208
1H8.564 48.H.330
271,347 1H8.664
125,116 I 271,347
114,297 125,116
68,630 114,297
167,676 68,630
192,294 •167,676
192,204
Hongkong
It will De noticed that Hawaii is the
best patron of the port of San Francisco,
China being a ci< s • second. The first
named country fii ds need of American
butter, cheese and sugar, while th» latter
buys principally flour. Mexico confines
her purchases to cotton and quicksilver,
other southern countries buying only
flour. The most noticeable improvement
during the year was the trade with China.
Imports decreased materially, while ex
ports showed a corresponding apprecia
tion.
New Corporation.
The California Power and Exploration Com
pany was yesterday incorporated by C. W.
Willard, P. J. Muller, R. T. Harding, H. L.
Atkinson and A. H. Winn. The capital stock
is $500,000, of which $25,000 is paid up.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caii
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nlgnt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, ep«a
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
NOTICE OF MEETINGS. ..
•^S 3 DORIC LODGE NO. 216, F. AND "W- 1
•S-6 r A. M., 121 Eddy st.-Called meet- A\
1"SJ HIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. at 'JffV
7:30 o'clock.- Second degree. Sojourning r%f\
brethren are invited By order of the \V. M.
" . ADOLPH KRONBKRG, Sec
BE^S* SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO 3T"
St^^ Lodge No. 212, F. and a. M., meets A
THIS. EVENING at 7:30 o'clock for sec- '«V
ond degree. By order of the master. " /V^
———————— __!___________________
r^S» OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22. _~~
!»»*'■ F. and A. M. -Officers and mem- A
bers are requested to attend the funeral of 3? jf
our deceased brother, BYRON TAYLOR of >^V>
Oregon City. THIS (THURSDA V) AFTERNOON,
at 1:30 O'clock. By order of W. M.
•-•."•;■ EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
It^g* YERBA BUISNA LODGE ' s-___/a.
k^«* y No. 15. I. O. O. F.-Officers and
members are requested to attend the
meetingTHis (THURSDAY) EVEN- <r^'/* I >^"
ING, July 23, at 8 o'clock. Initiation. Members
of sister lodges are cordially Invited. - ■■
VICTOR HOFFMAN, N. G.
A. D. CHBSHTBK, Sec
R^B" FRANCO-AMERICAN •>\IHIK?-
-&-*' Lodge No. 207, I. O. o. 1 ■'. Of-^jg^P&
fleers and members are requested to -~z!zfß^?
attend the next meeting on THUKS- •" ! »3'/itvs w
DAY, July 23, at 8 o'clock p. m. for initiation.
Members of sister lodges are cordially Invited.
• A. LEON AURADOU, N. G.
R. LAVioyg. Secretary.
*^aß=" CLANNA NAN OAIDHEAL _. O' _.
*-*' 'an Gualllblea' Chelle— San Fran- JL _»OU
Cisco Scottish Thistle Club meets HIS -^XiS?
(THURSDAY) EVENING at Frater- **_?•.
nlty Hall, 32 O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock. The
monthly "smoker" follows. Participants In the
tug-of-war contest at the lat» games will . please
attend. j. d. COULIK. Royal chief.
Gkorqk W. Patzbson 1 , Recorder.
IP^S* THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
•*-*^ of the Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclama-
tion Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 15 Steuart street, Kan Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of August, 1896, at 3
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
trustees to serve during the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as ma/ come
be i ore the meeting.
- M. J. MADISON, Secretary.
f£^»> REBEL CORK BENEVOLENT SO-
m*& clety— The committee on -jicnlc will meet
at Academy Hall THUKS AY EVENING, July
23, at 8 o'clock, to conclude arrangements for the
tenth annual picnic, which will oe held at Shell
Mound Park on Sunday, August 2; special com-
mittees are requested to attend.
P. CORKERY, Chairman.
J. W. Mahosey, Se.-retary.
n_S» CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
>^ 6 ' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address |
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 60,
postage free. ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
EJECTEIPFOR^iI?
m~& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 4MB Montgy st.. room 6. TeL 5580. j
. SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL DESIRES
VJ situation as chambermaid and seamstress or as
governess; best reference. Miss CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. • '
NUMBER OF GIRLS OF ALL NATlON-
alltles awaiting situations at MRS. HIRD'S,
721 Ellis st. . . .
CR. HANSEN & CO.. 110 GEARY ST..
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your oruers: Drompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
"LTJCPERIENCKD INFANTS NURSE, AMER-
Aj lean arTd Protestant, wishes situation: city or
country. Address Nurse, box 132, Call Office. •
"yOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION 1O DO
X light housework. Address 212 Grove st.
"POSITION WANTED BY FIRST-CLaSS IN-
X fant's nurse: best of reference. Address S. 8.,
box 65, Call office.
EXPERIENCED HERMAN WOMAN WANTS
XJ any kind of work by the day or ween; $1 and
carfare. Call or address t>o2 Howard st.
\.v ANTED— BY RESPKCTABLK WOMAN PO-
" sltlon as working housekeeper or would do
general housework in small ramily: best of refer-
ence. Apply for 3 days, 732 Howard sl.
KSPEC'TaBLE WIDOW wants position
XX as housekeeper or overseer hi hotel or private
house; best of references. Call or address 3265
Twenty-aecond St., off Valencia. ■ -..
yOUNG GIRL ATTENDING COLLEGE
A would like board and room at $10 per month.
Address Y. A., box 73. Call Office.
OMPETJBNT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS SIT-
\J uatlon as chambermaid or waitress. Call or
address 737 Howard st.
EAMSTRhSS A>fl> DREsSMAKKR'.- AS-
O slstant wants work by day or week; 76c per
day. 1310 Larkln st. ■ .. ■'.--•
\ OUNG WIDOW WISHES SITUATION A 8
A housekeeper or any other light work. Call 110
Sixth st., room 10. -
y OUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
A day washing or cleaning. Address F., box 40,
this office. ..
V STRONu YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL
housework. Apply 2417 clay st.
ELIABLK GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
Xt housework. Call, or address 682 Clementina.
A/ OU NG WOMAN. WANTS WORK BY THE
I day, washing and housecleanlng. Call 948
Howard, rear.
YOUNG GIRL DESIRES LIGHT HOUSE-
work. Call or address 1227 York st.
RESSMAKER; IS SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
XJ titter: sews 50 cents a day. H. M., box 92.
Call Office.
G1 OOD GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
T housework: wages from $20 to $26; good ref-
erence. . Please call 1022 Larkln St. ■ "
GERMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION IN
VJ country to do housework and cooking. Apply
2603 Mission St.. corner Twenty-second.
OMAN WISHKS. SITUATION AS GOOD
cook or ■ would -do light housework; , city or
country. Apply 3179 Mission st. ■ -
UURST-CLAbS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
X work by the day or take work home; fit guar-
aranteed: reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
VTEAT, RESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY DE-
-L> sires a situation In a sma'l American family
to do light housework; OaKland preferred: no ob-
jection to baby. Call or address 14 Commercial st.
San Francisco. ■ :■-■ .-■■• ■ ■ »
C COMPETENT VvOMAN WISHES SITUATION
VJ as cook or general housework In a private fam-
ily; no objection to the. country. Apply 29
Pleasant place, bet. Taylor and Jones sta.
YOUNG DANISH tiIUL WISHES To DO
A light housework or as ntirsegirl: wages $8 to
$10. Apply 95 California aye.. near 28th st.
\\r ANTED-POsITION AS HOUSEKEEPER"
»» trench cooking: full cure of a small family
terms reasonable. . Address 2222^ Mission st. -
"ANTED-POSITION AS LADY'S MAID TO
ff travel or care for 2 children. Address H. C '
box 48, this office. ■ ■ '■
RI.SIM ( TABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA~
tiou as first-class laundress to go out by the day
Address 1330 Broadway.
,OMaN WISHES MTU AT lON TO DO
ff light housework or assist. Call or address 12
Bourbon su, bet. Eddy and Kl.ls.
■\ OUNG. LADY WOULD LIKE To GET POSI-"
A tlon -as chambermaid or at • second work
Please address F. H.. 1221 O'Farrell st. . '
yOUNG GIRL FROM THE EAST. WISHES A
X situation at second work or in a small family
Please call at 237 Natoma st. . -.- ■ ..
ANTED-BY A YOUNG WOMAN FROM
the t ast, a position; is a first-class cook and a
good housekeeper. Address F. C, box 126, Ca'l. ,'
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS A SITUA-
O tion to do general housework. Call or address
46 Sacramento st. ..
ANTED,, BY. A RELIABLE WOMAN. A
situation as nurse or to do second work; very
best city references. Address 1130 filbert st.
C Competent uerman girl wishes PO-
VJ sltlon in a private family. CaU at 1650 Folsom
St., cor. Twelfth. Wages $20. ■
RS. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET ST.;
only first-class female he p furnished. V
\ Ot'^iG GIRL \VANiB .-ITU ATI »N TO DO
A housework. Call or address 50 F reel on st.
KKMAN GIKL WISHES A SITUATION TO
I. do upstairs work or cooking and light house- '
work; give references. Call 205 Chestnut st. - ■
S" WEDISH . GIUL RECENTLY ARRIVED
irom the old country wishes a situation to
assist in housework. fail at 112 Twenty-iourthsu
V MIDDLE- GERMAN-SPEAKING*
. nurse : to ' take < charge of children. Address
Nurse, box 6, Call Office, Oakland. r .
VOCXO GIRL WOULD LIKE PLACE AS SEf>
X ond girl or to do general housework; - first-class
reference. Aa. cr call I369Peralta st., Oakland. »
oung LADY, UNIVERSITY. GRADUATE^
desires a position as private secretary or any
kind of office worK; English, German and"French-
highest referencea. K. H., box 13, Call Office.
EN IiKOETIC WOMAN WISHES SITUATION^
for any kind of work in the country. Call or ad-
dress 152s Market St.. room 8. . . ■ ■ « •
ADY . WANTS , SITUATION . A 8 HOUSE-
ke«p»r: is a first-class cook. Call or address
MRS. 8.. 2548 a Folsom st. , . . ■■ "
V OU G SWEDISH WOMAN.WITH A CHILD
A wishes a situation, city orcountry, to do general
housework. . Call or address -07 .Montgomery. »ye.
EDUCATED : GKR -MAN •-., LADY. 1 SPEAKING
XJ French and ' English, desires position as , gov-
erness; excellent: housekeeper;, splendid needle-
woman; town or country.' Address K. N. box 115'
Call Office. '■ ■ "'
pOMPKTENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
VJ with m child wishes housekeeper's position
chamberwork or sewing: city or country' Call or'
address 917 Market st., room 19.
_j*ITTTATION9 WANTED-Contlnned.
TIT A NTED— POSITION BY A COMPETENT
:■»» woman In a small hotel or boarding-house.
Address 236 Minna st. • '. .-...
DRESSMAKING 'AND PLAIN SEWING;
cheap. Call or address 21 18 Mason st.
Y ODN(} LADY DESIRES POSITION IN RE-
A fined family as governess; speaks : French and
Italian; well educated: also good' seamstress or
care of children. Call 2030 Pacific aye. ••.-•;
\\T INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
* » -Market: 200 , rooms: 25c to .$1 50 per night;
fl 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
-- te]lT _ 1UA lO>a - : ■WASTED-MALE..-
-rT^a^s^Xc^TliFg^arTst.Vfu-
b. nish haymakers, threshing - crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews,, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE ' EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 3148 Sntter: tel Grant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office; best help. 414 V O'Farrell; teL K. 426.
CMHINKSE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
/help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO.. 640 Clay.
yOL'SO MAN (SCANDINAVIAN) WISHES
A situation, city orconntr.-: first-class driver and
milker; understands the care of horses and gar-
den; references. A. £ box 14, this office.
STEADY YOUNG MARRIED MAN, EX.
perieaced in v buying hides, cattle, also good
teamster, wishes position. Address G. A. '1.,
Winchester House, 44 Third st.
AN, HOLLANDER, AGE 35, SPEAKS GER-
man, trench and English, wants position as
steward in plain hotel; best references. Address
22 Mason st. ■
"yOUNG man Wants . position with
x private family; understands the care of horses
and driving;- good references. D. MULLADY, San
Mateo.' . -,„■■•
ANTED-SITUATION BT MAN AND
» ' wife as cooks; both good on meat and pastry;
country preferred. Address Cook, box 116, Call.
/-CHINESE WANTS PLACE; FIRBT-CLAB9
\J cook, houseworker and washer: In family; city
orcountry. WANG HOON, 776 Clay St. .■-.-
YOU NO GERMAN WISHES SITUATION OF
A any Kind BARTL, 652 Minna st.
WANTED-$10; WILL ANY ONE GIVE RE-
»» fined, gentlemanly young man from the East
position of any kind: can furnish $100 security;
good references: would pay $10 to any one getting
me permanent situation. Address Refined, box 162,
Call Office.
\| AN AND WIFE (FRENCH) WANT SITU A-
-!■»*■ tlons on private place; city or country: man
good gardener wife good cook and housekeeper.
Address J. LOZAHIC, 1316 O'Farrell st.
T -\DUSTRIOUS MAN, WITH FIRST-CLASS
x Eastern and San Francisco references from last
employer, wants situation as gardener or coach-
man. Address O. C, box 114, Call Office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— BY YOUNG MAR-
rled man as coachman, groom, milk, etc: wife
as cook or housekeeper in private family or ranch.
Address P. S.. 933 Howard st.
yoU NO MAN OF GOOD EDUCATION AND
x appearance desires any kind of position; will-
ling to work; references. : T. J., box 9, Call Office,
Oakland. . > - ■
PASTERS MAN AND WIFE WOULD LIKE
XJ positions ,on gentleman's place or fruit ranch.
Address J. M., box 143, Call Office.
"ITOUSECLEANKR WANTS TO WASH WIN-
t T>.°^??>, sweep roon 9 . etc.: day or hour.
JAPAN GEORGE, 1210% Larkin St.
CIOACHMAN— YOUNG ENGLISHMAN, PBO-
VJ flcient and well recommended, needs situation.
Address H. D., box 41. .
\y A NT ED-~s7fUATION AS JOBO ARDENER
"by steady man who understands the business.
Address J. s., box 106, Call Office.
BY ALL AROUND COOK, RESTAURANT
or hotel. Address F., box 33, Call Office. .
CAVALRY AND INFANTRY DRILLMaS-
VJ ter wwa t as drill-instructor; will also
fill any other position; best o* references. all or
address 121 Fulton st.
yOUNG GERMAN, G'K>D CARPENTER
A cabinet-maker and . general mechanic with
tools wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina st.
YY' ANTED - POSITION AS VALET OK
»» nurse; best of references. Address VALET.
box 99. Call Office. ■ '
"ALET TO GENTLEMAN— UNDERSTANDS
» massage treatment:- beat of references. Ad-
dress VAi.KT, 316 Stockton st.
p ARDENER, THOROUGHLY EDUCATED IN
VX all branches of horticulture, orchard and nur-
sery work, reliable, wishes 'situation, private or
commercial. Address A. A., box 63, this office.
ITUATION WANTED — MIDDLE-AGED
O man: steady habits: good reference: good all-
round man for private family: small wages. Ad-
dress W. X.. box 43, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN (22), UNDERSTANDS THE
A care of horses: can milk, drive and do plain
gardening; desires position with private family;
will furnish reference if required. Address D. M.,
box 107, Call Office. .
NEIWETIC HONEST YOUNG MAN WISH-
es position of some kind of work"; very handy
with tools. Address H. V., box 88, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN-
-0 American boy of 16 who Is living with his par-
ents to work in office, store or wholesale house; be
can keep books and is a good penman. Piease ad-
dress 17 Beaver st. :
Handy JAPANESE GARDENER wants
a situation to lake care of horses and cows:
understands all tods Of work: 2 years in last
place. Call or address HARRY SUZUKAWA.
113 Church su
LKCTRICIAN AND MECHANICAL
draughtsman wants - position: competent.
Please address D. M., box 33, this office.
\\riNCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
I! Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 2Sc to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggace 10 and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. *4 THIRD. NEAR
'I Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggace to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
•£*. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
I'KMALE HELP ', WANTED. '
(>HA JIBERM AID,"PLA!?TWASH, $15: 25'
VJ women arid girls for housework and cooking,
country; 10 waitresses, $20; and.o.hers. MUR-
RAY & HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay su
FRENCH SECOND GIRL, ?20; LAUNDRESS.
A $30: 15 housework girls, city and country, $20
and .$25: 6 young gl.-ls to assist, $10 to $16. MISS
CULLKN. 323 Sutter su.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK'
girl; 3 in family; $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. .
VRKNCH MAID AND SEAMSTRESS, $25.
X' MISS CULLEN, 323 sutler st. , \
WOMAN WITH A CHILD AS WORKING
Tf housekeeper: $16. MISS CULLEN.323 Sntter.
EUNED GERMAN SECOND GIRL, $25.
MIsS CULLEN, 323 So ter st.
C CHAMBERMAID- AND WAIT AND SLEEP
VJ home. $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
p ERMAN GOVERN KBs7S-'5: NURSE. ONE
VJ child, $20. . MiSS CULLE.s. 323 Sntter st.
<■> FRKNi H WAITRESSES, $30. MISS CUL-
_— ' LEX, 323 Sntter st.
TV" EAT HERMAN OK SWEDISH SKCOND
-> girl; ; $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 suit, r st.
COOK; BoaRDING-HOUSE; $15 TO $20.
-MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter St. ,
p ERMAN Oil SWEDISH SiSCOND GIRL, $26:
VJ Oakland. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter su
<J WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HOTEL, FARE
— paid, $20: 2 waitresses, hotel, Nevada, $20; 2
waitresses, hotel, north, fares pall, $20; girl to
cook for 6 and wait at table, country, $20: cham-
bermaid, assist walling, country, $20; chamber-
maid for lodging-house, with room, city, no board,
$20. C.R. HAN'SEN A CO., 110 Geary St. .
y OUNG GIRL. LIGHT HOUSEWORK, CITY;
A young girl, housework, In country, see party In
city, »20; cook for.-country hotel, $50; girls,
housework, city and country, $15 and $20. C. R.
HANsEN&co., 110 Geary at. ,
p ERMAN COOK. MUST SPEAK GERMAN,
VJ city. $25: good American cook, city, 922 50.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
OTKL LAUNDRKS>,' PLAIN WORK. CITY,
■ $20; laundress, steam laundry, country, $30.
C. R. HANSKN .v CO., 110 Geary St. . ■
OOK AND SECOND GIRL, SAME HOUSE,
VJ $25 and $20, see lady here at 11 to-day: Prot-
estant governess, 1 child, $26: cook, plain wash,
American family, $30; French nurse. $20: 3
cooks, German yle, $25. $30 and $35; second
girl and laundress, $20; laundress, $26; aud girls
for cooKing an J housework. J. F. CROSBTT CO.,
312 cutter st.
WAITED— 2 . FRENCH NURSES, $20 AND
J* $15; 3 German cooks. $35. $30 and $26: 2
French waitresses, $25 and $20: German second
and sewing, $20;: girls for housework and assist,
$25, $20 ana . $15: young girls to assist, $10 and
$1/: old German woman, »12. , JEAN ANDKE,
315 Stockton st. - *- J^fMfflPl lMJflr'l l 'J*' "/I'iiWfl 'HWUrt
9 COOKS, $25; : COOK. $30; . SECOND GIRL,
— $20; 3 nurses, $10 a. d $12; 10 girls for house-
work. MRS. HIRD. 721 Kills St. , -■ ■. ■v.
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
'» on fruit. Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
N EKIES CO., ' Braunan St., between Third
and Fourth. . " '
IRL TO ASSIST 7 liN~ HOUSEWORK AND
help take care of baby. Call bet. 9 and 11 a.m.
at 1044 Golden Gate aye.
rMKST-CLASS FINISHER AND APPREN-
A tice •on . vests. 3 Dlkemau place, off Mason St.,
near O'Farrell. . • . ■ .-
8 PECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
Ai-for light housework; small wages. 1204 O'Far-
rellau. upstairs.. -, . . ■ •: ■? ..- ■
( i I , UL GERMAN, or Swedish pre-
-1 » f erred, for general housework. 416 McAllis-
ter 111.. flat 1. - -. .^.-.' • :
T AD* MAY SECURE , A POSITION WITH
XJ dentist by addressing A., box 6, call. ,; ; ■ ;
niRL KOR .GENERAL- HOUSEWORK IN
VJ country; small famil> '-■ 2104 Post st., 10 to 12.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE
work. " 1728 Fell St., near Ashbury. ; .
• . ; HELP • WANTED- Continued.
VR_~TO r^Do"LIG'HT'V"GEN_BA£" ; I_OUS&
work; wages $10. ; 3011 California st. .- ■„- ;
. INISHERS ON CUSTOM , COATS: ALSO
; J apprentices. 441^ Natoma st. — ' v -
GOOD COAT- FINISHER ON CUSTOM
tailoring. - 114 Third sU-"-. - . . -
ELDERLY WOMAN; SMALL WAGES; GOOD
■ home. 26 Rltch St. :
1 YOUNG GIRL -TO DO UPSTAIRS WORK
A and assist with children. 1207 Gough st-
\\r ANTED — CHAMBERMAID, LliN DELL
, "'House, Sixth and Howard sts. ■
MEAT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; 8
, — i In family wages $8. 1816J/i Webster st. -■■; .
GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK; 3 IN
family; ' wages $8. 808 Filbert. ;
l\" ANTED— A COMPETENT HEAD SALES-
'» lady In corset • manufactory; ' must have
a fine figure and strictly first-class reference. Ad-
dress C. C, box 57, this office. > - . : '
U T ANTED— PUPILS TO LEARN NEGATIVE
" retouching; terms reasonable. 131 Post st.
pEKMAN GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
vJ wages. $8 to $12 month. 623b Natoma. * *
HAIRDRESSING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
culture lessons; free to ageu MRS. BUT-
LER, 13i. Post st. -
LEARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
Ing: $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st.
• T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
XJ Tues>,2to3: dresscuttlng. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIRDRESSING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLET
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
-' MAX. E HELP WANTED. :
pOOKFORACITY HOTEL. $40; DISH WASH.
\J er, same hotel, $15: choreman, city hotel, $10;
cook, country hotel, $40 to $45; dishwasher, $16,
same hotel, see boss here: fa cooks. $66, $60, $M 5,
$40: head waiter, $26; 3 hotel waiters. $25 to $80:
3 dishwashers, $15 to $20: porter; baker, coun-
try shop, $80. near city. MURRAY * READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay.
ÜBMER AND WIFE FOR GOOD VlNE-
yard and orchard, ' for banking company, $40,
I see boss at our office early; farmer and wife, with
or without children; separator-tender. $2 day and
I found. MURRAY A READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay su
«_> TEAMSTERS, CITY, $56 AND FOUND: 3
«-> laborers for same place, $20. company, steady
work; 10 farmers, $25 and »20: 20 tiemakers, 8c
and 10c each: 2 dairymen, $20 and $25: man to
milk 16 cows, »15, city. MURRAY * READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 036 Clay.
MACHINE BLACKSMITH, CITY SHOP;
1 blacksmith* for a banking company' sorchard
I and vineyard; harness-maker, $26 per montn and
: found. MURRAY & READY, Leadlng*Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 686 Clay st.
! rpEAM&TER, $30 AND FOUND, FOR MOUN-
■ X tains for gold mine. MURRAY & READY,
, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 686 Clay.
ANTED — GARDNER," HANDY WITH
tools. $30, see boss hero; orchardlst, $20 and 1
I found; farmer and wife, $40 and found: 10 more
laborers'for mine, $1 a day and board: 6 tunnel-
men, $150 and board; butter and cheese maker, I
$30 and found; 2 Eastern farmers, $' 0 and found;
choreboys, *7 and $10 and found; ranch black-
smith. $30 and found: teamsters, laundry men
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
ANTED— COOK AND WIFE, COUNTRY
'» hotel, $60; hotel and restaurant cooks, wai-
ters, --Itchen-men and others. J. F. CROSETT A
I CO., 628 Sacramento st.
EAT AND PASTRY COOK FOR SUMMER
resort, $50 and free fare; meat and pastrycook
for springs, $60: second cook, country hotel, "north, I
\ $60; German cook, country hotel, $35: cook and i
I dishwasher tor an institution, $35 and $20; man j
to finish shirts on machine, $2 a day. CR. HAN.
SEN A CO., 110 Geary st. ; . - '
! T7-ARMEK AND WIFE FOR A FRUIT RANCH.
X' *40 and found and fare advanced. C. R. HAS-
! SEN A CO., UP Geary st.
i,ATHMAN who CAN shave For
I 1 springs; everything furnished and allowed to i
charge 50c for a shampoo. C. R. HANSKN A I
CO., 110 Geary st.
1 A MINERS: $2 60, $275 A DAY; SCANDI- j
; 1 V navians and Germans preferred. C. R. HAN- ■
SEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
ANO OF RAILROAD LABORERS TO GO '■■
r north. C. R. HAN SEN A P., 110 Geary st.
ANTED— SECOND COOK FOR REsTAU- i
rant, $60; cook .for'ebopbouse, $35 to $40; '
German boy around restaurant. $16; waiter, pl,ain !
' restaurant, $30; waiter, small oyster-house, $20.
etc LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
DANISH TEAMSTKR, $30; MAN TO DRY ■
figs on contract: restaurant cook, $35; cook, I
j boardlnghouse, $25: ran en cook, few men, $16; 1
handy man, city, 515; milker. $15; miner, $3 a
day. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
AN ELEVATOR-BOY; $10 PER MONTH,
room and board. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st. . .
C1OOK; RESTAURANT: $12 PER WEEK.
\J MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntterst.
G1 ERMAN HOTEL COOK; $45 AND ROOM.
VT MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Mar-
! ket st. ■ :';.-■ v I"--.;'
\\ ILKER**, $20 AND $25; RANCH HAND, $1
m per day. Employment Office, 128 Fourth st.
i / 1 ENTLEMAN WANTS A BOY FROM 15 TO
I VT 20 to travel for board, clothing and expenses,
j and make himself usetnl; one without a home
Preferred. . Address letter, with stamp, W., box
, stating age and the month born in and all par-
ticulars. '
ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST AND
make himself useful in light, genteel- busi- I
ness; salary $65 per month: chance of Increase;
must have $150. 777 Market, room 7.
\\T ANTED— GOOD CHANCE FOR HUSBAND
»» and wife who understand farm work, vine-
-1 yards, horses, - etc. ;. good wages: state expe-
rience. Address WALTER METZ, Napa, Cal.
j •yOUNG GENTLEMAN STENOGRAPHER j
A can get a position with a salary of $30 month*
■ holder.-) of certificates in th • U. S. Industrial I
! Agency are eligible, room 166 Crocker building-
j call to-day, r
. rpHREE NEAT-APPEARING, ENERGETIC
I Amen for house renting department, with busi-
ness buggies preferred. LUBELBKI & CHASE
7 City Hall aye.
AN OR WOMAN, $50 MONTH: GOOD SE-
curity and board; $200 required. 206 Mc-
Allister st. .
ANTED— LIVE YOUNG MAN TO SELL
specialty to city saloon and cigar trade. Ad-
dress R.. box 70. this office. -
j O PAINTERS. STAGE HANDS. APPLY BE-
I A tween 7 and 8 corner of Third and Folsom sts. I
Capital saloon.
1 UNCH WAITER, 236 TOWNSEND ST"
lURST-CLABB COATMAKERS. BY THE
' week. 28 Morris aye., bet. Harrison and Bryant.
THIRST-CLASS DISHWASHER; WAGES $6 A
J week. 207 Second st. '. '
OOD COOK AT 521 JACKSON ST., NEAR
T Kearny : wages $35 a month. '
BARBER • VV ANTED. HOWARD ST.".
near Second. ■
ANTED— IOOO MEN, EVERY DAY, AT 207
fourth at., the biggest and best shop in the
city: 5c shaving, lUc halrcuttlng.
PARTNER IN WELL-PAYING BUSINESS;
X small capital required. Call 236 Third st.
HOE-REPAIRING SHOP AT YOUR OWN I
price. 319^ Kills st. -; :
I . U LIND MAN WANTS BOY, 12 To IS YEARS I
] I I of age. to travel : must read well ; will give good
; home. Apply C. SMITH, 632 Mission St., roomu,
i upstairs. •..-■■■ •
i VV ANTED-FOR THE UNITED STATES
« » Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years; |
not. less th»n 6 feet 5 Inches In height; of good I
character and temperate habits; able to 'read,
write and speak English property: only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important . branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. ' For further information apply at the
Recrul ing Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
wantkd-a salesman WHO has A
-»»• thorough knowledge of the stove and hard-
ware business, and who has had some experience
as traveler. Apply by letter, stating salary re-
quired and ' references, to C. IX, box - 107, Call
office. JCSEBsSKWBMR— _ HKaSBQMHfe
YV ANTED— 2 MEN IN LIGHT WORK, $3 TO
" $4 per day to right parties: no experience re-
quired; hours 2to 4. 865 Broadway, Oakland.
I ARGEST STOCK OFSECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand; shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewea
j shoes, $5. 726Vi5 Howard st., near Third.
LAST WEEK OF CLEARANCE SALE OF
boots and shoes; will be sold at any price. 638
Market st., opposite Palace Hotel. ' #
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 1 765, MISSION. BET.
I.* 3d and Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60c;week $1 tos2 50;readlng-room;strlctesiatten-
tlou to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
SUNNY BOOMS FROM $1 TO $3 PER WEEK.
The New Grand, 243 Third st. ; * ', <
Ty inchkstkrhol.sk. 44 third st., near
»» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T O DOINGS, 5c TO 15cPER NIGHT: CLEAN.
AJ Continental House, 521 I'acifl-. below Kearny.
r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing ' to patent r - Protect your !
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN ,
WKDDKRBURN A rtf., D»pL L. Patent Attor- I
. Deys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. .- ' .
YY'E HAVK A ■ LOT. OF. DAMAGED . SHOES
, . • • selling at less than one-fourth their .value; cast
off shoes Dought or exchanged. 58ii Mission su *
rriRY ACME HoUSE, 957 MARKKT st., BE-
A low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
INGLE FURNISHED . ROOMS. • 25c ; NIGHT,
$1 week. ; Rosedale House. 321 Kllia. nr. Taylor.
- I •: IN DELL ' HOUSE. . SIXTH AND . HOWARD
.1 I sts.: single furnished nns 76c week, 16c night.
ES.— REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle win* or beer with hot lunch, 6c
HE_P WAJiTED-Contlnned.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS'~FnTERNATION-
-0 al Union No. 27 Employm' tßureau. 102 7th st.
AKBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
AP.BERS' ASSOCIATION Or I.AL. KMPLO Y-
XJ menu SeCy. P. C. Hamann, 2S9MtO'FarrelL
"R^KBERS-ISo SHOP FOR SALE; CLEARS
XJ $20 a week; trial given. Apply CaU.Ofßce.
ARBEB-SHOP, 4 CHAIRS, OLD STAND,
for sale; $125. Inquire this office. * - ■
IDO MK!N TU TAKE LODGING _T 10c, 15c
x\'\J and 20c a night, Including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny. .
EST IN CITY— SING • E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $125. SI 50 per week,
Pacific House. Commercial and Leidesdorft sts.
V»/ X ARE SHOIS DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
it your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
st one- half the usual p.-tce; done while you wale
662 Mission st.. between First and Second sts.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles',- gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
OOMs 15c TO 75c PKR NIGHT: 600 TO $1 50
per week. • Oriental, 225 DrummsU .
ANTED— —ABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh:: $1 to $3 per week.
\\, r ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUB LABOR
» » ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
LCHO HOUSE, 863V«| MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $5 week.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
-'I all grocers keen it. .
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY; $1
»» r-eek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a weak;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
ANTKD - MEN TO LEARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
AGENTS wanted.
: Pxperience"d" lady agents to "cajst-
XJ vass for an article that Is used in every house-
hold. Call and examine, 2 to 4 p. M., 1211 Mission.
A GENTS— HOUSEHOLD ARTICLE YOU CAN
-TV sell; makes money. Department A, Detroit
Paper-bag Company, Detroit, Mich. '
AGENTS, MALE AND FEMALE TO ' SELL
Press' patent long-handle dustpan. 9% Bth St.
ROOMS WANTED.
A T PARK OR WESTERN ADDITION— 2 OR 3
-fi unfurnished rooms: state lowest price. Ad-
aress S. C. B-, box 14. Call.
WANTED-JIISOELLAJiEOUS.
ESTIC^SE WING^MA^HTtN^TwiTH^AT^
XJ tachment, $15. 2437 Mission st. * .-
AN TED-GOOD LIVELY CANVASSER,
'» lady or gentleman, one who has a large num-
ber of friends; steady work: give full name and
address. C. W., box 12», Call.
SECOND - HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW
eh- to A. KLEIN 109 Sixth •>:. ■ send postal.
BICYCLES.
fp l ET^fo^r^E^TaiLßTiLA^lESV^fiO;
X Belle's New, $50; Ben Hur Tandem, almost
new. DAVIS BROS.. 35 Geary st. <■
INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
IJARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM: ALSO
J> single wheels. , 306 Post st.
'96 YOSEMITE TANDEM; $85; ALMOST
new. W. CRANE, 324 Post St.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO IET;
beat accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho
—Ulster and Powell at. <-ar lines. - .
FOB SALE- MIS CELL, AN US.
JUST ARRIVED; FRESH. COW AYS
o calved; good milker; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
i) MARBLE MANTELS FOR SALE CHEAP. '
— 3739 Twentieth st. ■
HELVING, COUNTER, SHOWCASE, WA- |
ter-back range No. 7; other things. 910 Pacific.
<_1 OC FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LoT:
*S)x4O suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post St. . .- -
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER,
0 $45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 310 Cal.
jjjTTFTi SODA FOUNTAIN: NEW 14-QUART
is-.iJ\J. freezer $100. 159 Second st. ■
OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SANFORD,
415 Washington su ■ - :
■DOILKKS,KNGINES,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
XJ waierplpes. Mclntosh A Wolpmao, 137 Beale.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
them repaired; separate parts sold and shipped.
Ban Francisco Baby Carriage M'Fg. Co., 442 Sixth.
"ipAMILY COW FOR SALE; CHEAP. 1 847
A Florida st.. near Twenty- below Bryant. •
ACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
order; 2 Adams prtg presses: power. 616 Mission
ONE HORSEPOWKR GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
Apply 2109 Larkin St., after 6 P. x.
Cl O U KR 8, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121% Market, bet. 7th A Bth.
i.. UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
1 > doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE BIZB ,
tire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Markets:.
I? IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTBR-
A press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
IVJKW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
XX hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California ai.
SEWING MACHINES.
■VT-W-" FAMILY SINGERS FOR RENT, 7 sl
XX per month; V. S. Singers, $2. 1559 Market.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
'.'BUS— A!*.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from . Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; • home in confinement. DR. _ MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9a.m.t05 p. M. and 7to9p. m . '
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours:' safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri- !
rate home in confinement; regular graduate
physician; SO years' successful practice; MEDI- '
CAL ELECTRICITY used; 'ladle*, consult the I
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time '
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MBS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post st.. near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
: mentor worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all . female troubles, no matter
from what' cause; ' restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKR. 318 Kearny su "
LADIES, CHICUESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal PiUs (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by re-
turn mail; at druggist's. Chichester Chemical Co.
Philadelphia. Pa.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
cialiy; unexcelled In restoring irregularity or '
other conditions; home in confinement: vest care- '
low fees; pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON~TO
A ladies troubled with Irregularities; no danger-
tafe and sure; $2 50 express C O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSUOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL^ i
MRS. DR. WKGKNKR TAKES LADIES B& \
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. ■
SURE CUKE FOR ALL FKMALE DIS_AS_9L
0 from whatever, cause; a home In confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKIt. 226 Turk St. . . "TZ7y"fv
MRS. M. E. BODGERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
■iVi confinement; erms reduced. 929 Howard st.
"\« R<. J. A. ACHaRD, .MIDWIFE— HOMK IN
l'J. confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 655 Mission.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALK DI>EASE
Isee MKS.ua PUETZ and be con en 264^ 4th.
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT MRS.
A DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda. ■
DX. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER hI'KEKT NKAB
X^;Jon»<- iiisnonnf wnm»n ad children.
~~^^^~^- :,-,., DEM TISTS. '-■■■ "~~~~~~~
f^O^ME^D^N^VLXs^OCIATIbN", 769 MAR^
VJ ketau. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists-
only reliable agent for painless I extraction- artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. . '
ipiRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
-T prices; first-class results: painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5375. W C H AR.
DINC-'. C.M., M.D.. 500 Sntter St.. corner Powell.
1)K- LUDLUM HILL, 1443 M.AUKKT Si"
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whoa
? % a^ £***'• 0!d P»M«»«de over like new- i
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given. '
E> R GKORWJ-, ;W. LEEK, Xa~K~GKNTINE
': Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction '
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20(yFarre?lsu
H.L. 1. « KXTUACTIOV PAINT Ksi-T
crown . work, bridge work and teeth withooi
plates a specialty. 103 Geary at., cor. Grant avaT
Q.y ASET TKKTH; WARRANTED xV-i
<P • good as can be made; fliiinr $1. Dr. SIMMS
centlsi.. 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
pAINLES3^ kxtractTon. 60c; CROWN
A bridge work a specialty, plates, $5 up; 13 veari
experieuca R. L. WALaH. D.D.X.. xii*/ A Geary.
, it. -UCKETT, 1703-POoT ST., NEAR BIT
1 -'. cnanan; ga^ given; crown and bridge wot k. ■. "
I,'ULL. r-jLi v* TJiB-Ju, $7; WARRASTKfI
A fly<» years, i^i;. V. CAVaLSKY. 21 sixth st.
SET OF TKKTH WITHOUT^ rum JJK rf.
G. VOI'NO, 18*1 PolkSU
i ;.O.CTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80tt M-Ai;"
VJ ket at. DR. CHaRLKS W. DECKER.
DR. J.J. LEEK, 120« MARKET, COR, GOLDEN
Gait are.— Open evenings; Sundays till nooa.
\ PERSON AlL«^^__^^_^
u^mG^AUGHT^PRIVATELY IN IB LES-
sfns: physical culture for ladies j and gentle-
men; I will make an>-who are (delicate, rugged
and strong: lune developing a specialty swim-
ming taught. 808 Leavenworth St., near &utter.
DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAG A Z INK
land Newspaper Illustrat on: day and evening
classes: instructors. J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partington. R. L. l'artington. Particulars 424 P)ne.
T>ERSONS DESIKING TO TEACH FRJCNCH
-Lin classes French Alliance, and knowing Eng-
lish, apply French Library, 305 Larkln St. until
and including Saturday, 3 to 5 p. M.
MY HAIR-DRESSING la THE KIND THAT
will catch a woman's eve and excite her envy ;
my price is only 25c; my 'Qulnonla" > hair tonic is
the best thing for strengthening and preserving
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. . ~ >
ADVICE FREE; DIVOKCK LAWS A spß-
A daily; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at-
londed to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market st
■PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN.,
A 10c: Bxloand 10x12, 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 16x'-0, SOc: 18x22. 35c: 20x24,
45c: 22x28 Inches, 60c. JONES, 547 Mission St..
l> AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. FOX t>A LE;
it also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres ; deal-
er in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
ATCH A JEWELRY REPAIRING . STONE
» f engraving, monograms, crests: low prices;work;
guaranteed. J. N. BBITTAIJS, 20 Geary st.
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIHOPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny St., room 47.
RS. SADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS,
865y^ Market st. , room 12.
T ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
Jubnslneas partner:smaU capitaL 122 Post su. , r.3
"uIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHO W X VE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In Uvlng light; promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
A can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks. Jewelry, at M. R01.H.3-
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason sU : open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM |
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 pet
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rat«
Talorlng Company,lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bcb,
EAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FlNE-
edge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchge,63oMarket
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. «fe Kearny.
LOAKB. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mauufra' cost. Factory, 20 hansornc, upstairs.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW*
XJ elry, etc: lowest rates. 948 Market sU '
STBO2YNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
UItESSMAHEKS. _ ■'...;.
T\RESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 60584 Natomn St., above Sixth.
OLAIBVOIANTS.
SUCCESS ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED.
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAB-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: h*
locates . mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating 10 the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited. by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy su
Hours from 9 to 9 dally and Sundays.
pITAN A THE GYPSY. ~ ~
VJ This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments:
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite) the separated
and causes speedy and happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. M. 8 Turk st.
ME. STEWERT, SEVENTH DAUGHTER
i'A or the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
cltv by producing exact likeness of your future
husband or wife; the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast; test her powers ere
she sails' for Europe; she guarantees to bring back:
lost love; makes.peace and happiness in the home.
Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms 10 all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. ; elevator.
"Vf ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
-"X ant, card- reader, born with a douole veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and,
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED JIMK,
At SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
M_. ARNDT. BUST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the olctureot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Markec '
VI ISS M. JULANA ROLLINS, MENTAL MAG-
-Ixl netic healer; test medium. 860 Market, r. 30-31
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY
business advice: names given;2sc up. & Fourth.
\\ MB. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
Xix past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard at.
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
gents 50c: all questions answered. . 5 Seventh.
ISS BEATRICE BLANCHE, CARD-READ-
er, late from Guatemala. 105 Larkin St.. r. 2.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; ladies, 25c; gents, 60c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. LEGETTE — PRESENT, PAST AND
future; 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
RS. KNIGHT, "CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
reader: fee 50c: ladies only. 714 Leavenworth.
~~~~ SFIKITIJAUSM. . "~"
~\ VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN 13
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE. -■• •
FEE $1 * UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or 'down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years past, is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, Saa
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. v Your whole lire revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless th»
separated are united; the sick made strong ; tba
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wife)
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try to imitate tier as the eternal heavens are
is b above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is" heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mail is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
=.-- P is i aiagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 .UPWARD! FEK $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DX. A. 1). HOWE,
1320 Market st-. opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
THE SINGING EVANGELIST AN ADDIE
X swain will lecture at 35 Eddy st. (Washing. on
Hall) this evening: 25c admits two, simile 15c;
subject, "Spiritualism— ls It a Religion?" The
religion of Christ will give positive proof that th*
so-ca led dead still live.
A T FRIENDSHIP HALL— MEETING
-•■"*■ Thursday evening at 7:»0 by noted mediums;
sittings daily. 326 McAllister at.
A """£? . : CIR( ' - t: TO-NIOHT, lOC. MME.
-*■ YOUNG, 6U5MCA Lister St.: skeptics Invited.
MRS. KATE nusKl .\ 1 |T\ NC f. AND B U S>t-
1U ness medium; sittings dally; $1. 136 Oak su
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, THE CELEBRATED
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
I) ISHOP GARRISO.S 370 "M A RK ; A N-
*J ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 dally.
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATB-
« writer. 118 Halght st ; hours 9 until 6 p.m.
LADIES' AID CARD PARTY TO- NIGHT AT
Friendship Hall, 326 McAllister su. ad. 10c.
ADDIE SWAIN; ASTRAL SEER. 844 Mo-
Allister st.; sittings to ladles, 1 to 8 P. M.
SHRANK HART-K, 1027MAKi»ET ST.: QUES
tiona by mall. $1; ladles. 50;; gents, $1. .
MRS. FULTON— sLATF.W RITING SEANCE
to-night, 60c : sittings daily. 31 Fell at.
HENRY CRINDIK. MATE Xl ALI ZING SE-
ance this evening; 15c. 1027 .Market.
ASTROLOGY. -_-_■_'..;,.,_
ASTROLOGY AND MEDICINE NATIVITIES
— »- or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde at., 10 to 3. -.
PKOPOSALS.
ROPOSALS" ' FOR" ?ÜBSISTRNc"e SUP-
plies.— Office of Purchnslu!! Commissary, No. 36
New Montgomery street, san Francisco, Cal.. July
22, 1896. sealed proposals (in duplicate), subject
to the usual conditions, will be received at this of-
fice until 11 o'clock a. m, on SATURDAY. Au-
gust 1, 1896, at which time and place they will be
opened in | the presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivery of the following-named subsistence
supplies:
• Bacon, hard brr ad. ! baking powder, beans, peas,
rice, tomatoes, coffee,' sugar, tea. syrup, vine-
gar, salt, apples, apricots, chocolate, -gelatine,
milk, ■ peaches, pears, . peas, preserves , (damson),
salmon.- starch, cloves, '.flavoring extracts, jam.
je.ly, mustard, nutmeg, olive oil. sane.- (cranberry
and Worcestershire), bucking and toilet paoer. ■ •
'. Proposals will not be considered unless accom-
panied .by i samples of articles bid for. - 'I he Gov-
ernment reserves the rig.it to reject any or all pro-
posals. Preference will be given to articles of ao-
mestlc production or manufacture, conditions of
quality and pn< •.(including in the price of foreign
production or manufacture, the duty theron) beiiic
equal. Blank proposals and full Information as to
th" ouallty of supp'it character of packages etc.
will %}. furnished on application to this office ' V\\-
veltp<> containing proposals should b* marked
"Proposa's for Subsistence Mipplies, ty be opened
August 1, 1"96." and .u!dr- s ,ed to the tinder-
signed, CHAS. p. KAGAN. Major and C S
Uuiteu States Army. '
TYPEWRITERS. ~~
REMINGTON, S3S:VsMITH.xj6O; SV^D~FOR
sample work. BCOTT*BANKAN,S33ii_t«nySBnO^^^^^BA^RYTsTATIONERY
T»nt. «T .* and cundy store: 4 living-rooms; low
tVr • °olng business of 18 to flu per day: same
P"»y 3 c*"-"e *"-" See BARRETT, 1126 Market St.,
»' cigar-stand. . -, ...'.■-■ . - ■-'-'-
$1 '^0 »tJIT AND VEGETABLE St ORB;
jf, V * best location: receipts average 515 a
° "ys^ horse and wason; low rent; living rooms.
BARRETT, 1125 Market su
s^9^ <-IQAR-STORE, STATIONERY AN D
\P*.'^jO. laundry office: No. 1 location: living
rooms; ' low rent; doing goo business. See BAR-
RETT. 1125 Mtrket st. • ■ --'' ' ; -
%1 Cl{\ BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
JiDXUU. and candy store: north of Market St.:
low rent; doing fair business: living-rooms with
turnltnre Included. see BARKETT. 1125 M_rke_
HEAP— WOOD AND COAL YARD: MA-
J chlnery to cut wood: express business, etc.;
clears $150 a month BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
ft 1 Z\(\(\ ROADHOUSE. CLOSE TO THE
«2pluUU. city; first-class pay. owner bought
a dairy; offers only accepted ior3days. WILKh.
A WOLF, 631 California su . ■'■ '
<IfcllAft CORNER SALOON' ON TRANS-
<PXXUU. fer point, rent $60: 5 years' lease:
average daliy receipt $18: rarest chance; owner
keys 2 places. WILKK A WOLFF. 531 California
Q9fWlft DRUG ST.)RE IN WESTERN
<P-£UUU. Addition; 4 living-rooms; rent $45:
established years: large patronage: owner to re-
tire. WILKE & WOLF. 531 California su
*ftnn PARTxER WANTED IN CORNER
*33UUU. grocery and bar; pood location; close
to Market st. vVJLKK & WOLF. 631 California.
ifcQ^fl DAIRY AND DELICACY STORE.
rJpOUU. in Mission: rooms: low rent: very good
paying. .WILKE A WOLF. 531 California su
<^L~\ n(\f\ OLD - ESTABLISHED CORNER
tjpi. DvU. saloon on prominent street; long
lease: Investigate this bargain. sTENBERO CO.,
b32 Markeu ' - ■' ■■ ■ '--.-v.'-- -■-• .
©1 QllA PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING
«3P±OUv/. saloon. STJSNBERG CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. •- ■■■'-,
djji <r\- < ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
<t3TX — •)• notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12: invoice
goods; sickness. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market. .
Ci 1 ((An PARTNER WANTED IN ONE OF
IUUU, the best printing offices in the city,
employing six printers; a grand opportunity for
an active business man to clear $200 per month i
STENBERG & CO., 632 Market aU - . ;.'.
«^97A CORNER FRUIT STORE: OLD ES-
*ST*- ' <-'. tsbltshed; living rooms: receipts aver-
age $12: retiring. SIENBERO CO., 632 Market.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI-
X ness. LUBELSKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
ONE OF THb. OLDEST ESTABLISHED
-"TJ!}. <lries in th» city, place is worth
$4000; horses, wagon and everything Included:
»• ll B T>R' T ac^. must be 8olU: come "and investigate.
LUBELSKI & CHA'K, 7 City Hail aye.
© 9'> ?\(\ ESTABLISHED GROCERY AND
*$>**>'— *-'\J . bar business: actual value of price
asked in stock and fixtures; good local and out-
side trade; must be sold, owner Interested in other
business: investigate this place. LUiSELSKI A
CHASE. 7 City Hall aye. ■
IF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
let us show you some flm* places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI «fc CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
4M ~ft YOUNG BUSINESS MAN OF GOOD
*© A *J\J. standing and reputation wants partner
to assist him; will pay $75 per , month, with
best prospect of large increase: must be willing 10
work and assist generally: business easllr learned.
Particulars UKO. STEWART. 602 Market si.
A (\f\ BAKERY; ELEGANT PLACE,
tpiyrVJ. thoroughly equipped in every respect;
well estaollsbed and paying; Belling on account of
old age; proprietor owns property: cheap rent;
living-rooms, barn,, etc.; nice horse mid waeon:
investigation invited ; don't miss it. GEO. STEW-
ART. 602 Market st.
Q»~\ 000 CORNER SALOON AT TERMINUS
\-i\J\J . of 3 car lines: 5 private rooms; mag-
nificently fitted up; safe; cash roister, etc; old-
established business and has always made money;
rent cheap: clears $100 a month. M. LESS A CO.,
783*6 Market su - '-
C£7£. BRANCH BAKERY IN I'ESIRABLB
ijPiU. portion V.'esteru. Addition; rent low;
living rooms; food steady trade. it. LESS, 783*-.
Marice: st. "
(Jt;O\/l SALOON, ADJOINING DEPOT I«
tjp£iiJ\J. thriving town on main line of road near .
this city; finely fitted; excellent trade; nocompe-
t.tlon. UNDERWOOD, 766 Market st.
CIORNER SALOON: BKST LOCATION: TAKE
) partner: line fixtures; sell utock on invoice.
PRoLL A LLOYD, 719 Market st.
CIGAR STOKE, WHOLESALE DISTRICT,
V will sell a invoice on acconnt of departure; a
great bargain. JOHNSTON, 2bVi Kearny su ■. ■
HOTEL TO LEASE FOX A TKKM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also troiuni -floor and well-
Mehied basement: centrally located, half block N
of Murk"! St. and 1 biock from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building;. newly furnished throughout;
furniture for. saie on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particular* apply to S. SILViiRBEKG, 320
Sansome St.. room 39.
rpHE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRKBCENT CITY,
-L California— bes: equipped house in North-
ern California is now . offered for sale, or can !be
leased on favorable terms: this house is the best
paying investment In Northern California, »ud
must be disposed of ou account of sick: ess. ■ tot
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor, Crescent City, Cal. - - :
I "'OR SALE— HOTEL WITH GOOD BAR
X trade and 30 steady boarders; good opportu-
nity, with furniture, lease: -vill be sold on account
of sickness. Apply for particulars from HARRY
FISHEER, prop ietor. Sonoma House,: Point
Tlburon. Marin County. Cai. .., , :
CJI 00 SMALL PAST-DOWN; D. Lii'ACV
*J:X\J\J. home bakery audooilce-pit.ee; livine-
rooms: furnished: just the place for 2 ladles or
man and wife; established trade: > clears; $60
monthly; cheap rent; fine location; sickness.
604 Turk st. ■ . .
OCTOR'S PRACTICE; WORTH $1800 TO
$2000 per annum; stock of drug* and utensils
for $200, actual value of stock; location one of the
most promising mining towns in Mate. Address
1. L., box 69, c»ll ofllce. 710 Market si., .-». F. -
SALOON: IMMEDIATE DISPOSAL O V AC-
count of death; no reasonable • off er refused:
stocic, fixtures: lease 3% years: Hi* whole for
$575; if not sold by 25th will be disposed of at
auction. H., box Ti, Call Office. . .
I "'OR SALE— AN INTEREST IN A-FIRST-
X class, well-established commission business;
capital required from $3000 to $5000; good op-
portunity lor the right man. Address S., box 75,
Call office. ■ --■- .. ■ . -
QCFirk ' CIGAR AND TOBACCO STORE,
<lJ)OO\J. with laundry ofßc* and clubrom; es-
tablished several venrs, with a good, steady trade.
S.. box 148. Call office.
pOoD OPPORTUNITY; SEL.LINti OUT TO
*J close estate; business *su since 1569: amount 1
needed $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 137. Call OtSoe-
\Y ANTED— TO TRADE 500 ACRES, TEN-
'» nessee, also 300 acres. Missouri, no encum-
brance, for eatAb'isbed business or merchandise.
Address C box 85, Call I On. . ;
ANTED— PARTNER IN LUMBER AND
'• planing mill business: ;mnst have $5000;
stand investigation. Address F. G. WILSON,
Brooklyn Hotel, 8. F. . .
TIT ANTE D—pXrTNKR WITH $150 TO • IN-
-11 vest: can make $175 per month: sure profits.
Call on C'UKIUKii, rm. 30, History building, 723
Market SU , ■ ■■ ..l ■ ■ ' :"-.-.-
\\T ANTED— PARTNER; MUST HAVE-$1000:
'•• guarantee SlO. per day; handle your own
money; no deposit required. W. F. WaLLIN, 112
Taylor si. . ' ' - ""= - ■- -
QfICA PARTNER WANTED IN THE MAN-
O — OVJ, nfactureof the best campaign button
yet issued. Address W. H. X., box la. Call Office.
Q.l'l) INVESTED EARNED": APRIL,
—OU May, $362; June, $374; 1895 averaged
$86 weekly: proofs free. F. DALY. 1293 Bdwy,.N Y.
<Jj lor EXPRESS .BUSINESS FOR SALE,
01-ii. ou account of sickness; good staud;
clearing $b0 month. Apply 205 l-ar,.in su .
■^ToftftTcO EH FAMILY ! LIOUOR-
O I —''"'• store: 6 rooms: long lease; good
chance tor t^b men. Apply at Call Office. ".'. -. :-y
V\T ANTED— BY COOK ANIJ WIFE, TO RENT
*' or take . charge of. restaurant, dining-room or
coSee-saloon. ■ Address L. E., box 9. Call. . .
14108 SALE CHEAP— A BATCHER-SHOP IN
X the Mission: doing a good cash business. For
particulars apply at store. 227 1 liis su
LD- ESTABLISHED LIQUOR BCMNKSS
for sale on . account »of death. . Apply between
10 and 12 a. x., 613 Montgomery st. \ :■■■•■; - .- ■
(J. - WiLL BUY GOOD rtOUT~FOR~A
0 • *-*• salable article; good from $60 to $75 a
month.. Apply 6 Golden bate aw. .'
T)ARTNER IN NICE SALOON AT TRANS-
X fer point; small capital required; German pre-
ferred. Apply 101 Thirtieth. .';. . :. .
AKERY.AT A BARGAIN; BAKKS FROM 3
> > to 4 bbls. of flour dally : full inspection allowed.
Centervllie. Alameda County.
"I/OR SALE— GOOD PA SALOON; CAUSE
X I for telling, owner going Kasu Address T. K.
GOULD, box 8. Petal uma. " ..
THE ONLY. MODE KN >■ IMPROVED HOTEL
of 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. - In-
quire D. ROTHENiiUBiI. . .'" .
N ELEGANT GROCERY, IMMEDIATELY,
at grea: sacrlflc •; no reasonable offer refused. '
G- box 67, Cali office. - . - - '.
EL; 26 MS; KK.VT $35: SKI.L ON AC-
countof sickness. Apply 111 Tweiity-sixth
su, near Mission. -'.■ - ' ■' - ."-'"' ■ '-
<2!l Of\f\ SALOON -FOR WALK: OR TAKE
0 X O\J\J. right man as partner. Address S.. 436
Thirteenth su
V ~J\f\ FOR SALE; BAKERY, HORSE AND
•„ •)'/";. wagon; two barrels per day. Apply
Call Office; -, .-■ ' ■■-•-•-. -' ■- : - . -
DEBI l U RANT— LOCATION; CHEAP:
XV no reasonable offer refused A Apply Call Office.
CA N iTv-KTORI-. AM' BRANCH; BA X RY ,
; very cheap; account leaving city. 514 Cuatro.
<£•->( .fW| FOU HALF-INIEKKS; IN MANU
*ii)O\i\J\J. facturing busineis. - 828 Bush, rm.4.
"L"Ott sale ok exchanoejFok Vac \ i
X property— oon '.or. Kit eh and Towngetid sts.
GOOD ROUTE (OK SALE ON THIS PATEK.
Apply T. P. Rio P. DA N," 632 Market, room 2.
*7",0 BRANCH BAKEHY AND COKFKE
<iP'»V- saloon : bar coutiected. Inquire Call. -
SU 100 KK.STAUKANT:- THIS I« A BaR-
<T>J.UU. nin- Ap D . MCR_aE. 829 Mission.^ ■..-.-.
I WANT PARTNER TO AID IN DSVKIX>P
X Ing good mine, i W. t box 157, Ca1l Office. ■}"\,
TtTTSTyESS CHAX CBS-Contlnnerl.',-
A TTENTION, BUYERS.— COIU LIQUOR SA-
jt\. Icon among business bouses: no night or Fnn-
day work: selling leas than price of fixtures; offer
wanted. w Wood, ooal, hay and feed : business. 5
stalls, which pay rent of yard; full value $300.
Partner wanted . in commission business; ' clears
$1 6 a month to each ; and all kinds of businesses
tor sa c HEAL A CO., 23 Kearny st. ».
TNTERIOR AGENCY. OF ' CALL FOX SALE;
X | will l pay *160 per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. .. - ...... . .
MICE SALOON FOR - SALE ; r CHEAP: :' ON
i-i . Kearny sU: no agents. : Appiy Call Office.
FOR SALE CHEAP-COAL YARD: 2 WA-
x gons. 6 Oak Grove aye.. off Harrison St.
P A KTNER WANTED (GERMAN). $.5 CAPI-
-i- tal; by laly of means. ', 12 Mason, roam 2. .
/-\LD-EBTABLISHKD -.COHNKR. GROCERY;
\J bar. HILBEKT BROS., 103 Powell st.
LINE Corner saloon AND restaur-
X aut. , Corner of Fell and .-Stanyan sts. .
SALOON*— BE >OLD IMMEDIATELY;
bargain. Apply 735 Mission st. 
DAIRY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS FOR
sale cheap. 1008 Hyde ; ■
ODGING-HOUSE IN MINING TOWN. AD-
dress G. !>., Angels Camp. .
»R-STORE FOR SALE. ' INQUIRE 732
Devlsadero st. ; ; • :
VOR SALE-FISH MARKET. 496 HAIGHT
-1 street. * ■.:. ■■-■. ■.-... . - -.
\ ; LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALK.
©OKA ■ lit-ROOM HOUSE, ONLY... ...*350
«2>c>cJU. 66-room corner house, only .1800
60-room hotel and bar to exchange 2000
66 rooms, clearing $250. .3500
60-room boarding-bouse '.■; 6000
9 rooms, only— yes— only 225
12 rooms, only $160 cash and payments...... 600
10 rooms, corner, only. ......15P0
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments 300
MONEY TO LOAN OS ANY HOUSE.
99 ROOMS ON MARKET ST.;.J - $000
— — 46 rooms, corner, c earing $'2J0. .*.... ..51800
60 houses, 6 to 140 rooms, from $60 t0......560U0
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market at. -
T OVELY HOUSE; 12 ROOMS; FINELY FIN-
Xj lshed: near park: sacrifice: $300; worth $500.
P:.OLL «fe LLOYD, 719 Market st. ■ .
IPOR SALE AT A B \ RGAIN — LODGING-
i house of 8 rooms, all full and paying well.
1332 Howard st. • '■■•%•■■■••..-'"..
/7-ROOM FLAT FINELY FURNISHED: MUST
• sell this week; owner going East. 46 Grove st,
"PRIVATE LODGING-HOUSE OF TWELVE
X rooms for sale cheap: to be seen from 2 to 5.
319 First st. No agents. . '...-. ---..••;
IpUKNISHKD ROOMING- HOUSE OF 26
X rooms for sal* or 10 let. 326 Ellis sU
SACRIFICED. : [ ~~ :■ •■-. .. - - . .•-
-0 26 mngnlficemly . furnished rooms: owner
called East; choice locution: unexcelled for tran-
sient. Sacrifice. Fox 148. Call Office. . ;
j OOK AT I HIS - 7 ROOMS- FURNISHED;
xj first class : price $100. 1416 a Howard.
OUSE OF 15 AVELL-i.IGHTED KOOMS,
suitable for lodging-house: $'25. 644 Sixth wt.
i'UllMi'lKii tsjti »>AL.iS.
Tur^salkl
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. - -
Oak bed 5et5..................... $18 50
Bed lounges. ;.... 8 00
Steves.. .'...;. 7 60
Carpets, per yard ..."........ 63
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard.....;, .. 10
Till our new building is erected these prle«s will
stand; Till such time we are conducting business
' at-.SE. corner Seventh and Mission bu. J.
NOONAN. • ■
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
J\ lowest prices on household goods, new orgooJ
as new: cash or time, open evenings. ■
At\l\ <-'AKPi-.IS; CHAMBER BKTS. $11:
IV/U stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20; foldtng-bedv
flO: >w«1- ounces. $7 'I \" .M^'aHTHV U.'4-n
rOVXITIIBa . WAXTJiO.
"l C? MUTHE It, " A UCT IO Ei; R, 601 Yaja'-
O . fornia st.. corner Kearny, pays beat price for
furniture and merchandise.
TNDIAN'A AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
Xj. SIMMONS' Ana Co., 1057 Market, pays cash
IF YOU WANT GOOD PiUCES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise se» BURD, 211 Larkln.'.
MAYEK il 1. V r% VOUlt FUKMTURK.
. i-qr,.,.:* piano. ] 1 '<' M|irlc«»': 'r|. Je-wl» 731.
tAKrlif CLKANING.
JON KB CU. CLEXNINtT" A~!*D
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 8:h.
pAKPET CLEANING, 3c. ; LAYING. Sc. : KUU
V, samples free: tel. Jessie 944. strutton. 19 Bth st.
/I kTat WKSTKKN. ■ CARPET-BKATI.VO
VX- works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
lug 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUbTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Oar-
pet beating Works, 353-57 Tehama su : tel. so 40.
u.N KLI.N SCAKPKT Jb'KATINJ WUKKS. *Ai
\J Golden Cate eve.: telephone east 138.
IT V b'i'KAM. i 'A li I*KT CLEANING, RENO VA-
Une. 36 Bth. . STEVENS, m:r. v TeL bouth 250.'
ARPKJ3 CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like lew. FERGUSON & C 0. ,; 2» Tenth: t«L
south xv. d. mackintosh *<•<».. successors.
K. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO.. Jl9
. 14th St.; cleaning Be a yard.. - Tel. Mission 7 1
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RKN-
. oval ins; works.. 453 Stevenson: mi. south 2'Jti.
MUSICAL INsTKCM.fc.NTs. • ;.. '.
N OTHER^ SPKCIAI INDUCEMENT FOR
xL purchasing from Sherman, Clay A Co. ; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with .fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
$(i cash payment required; every Instrument-
i uaraiiieed. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., cor.
Kearny and Suiter sts.,* Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steinway A Sons' pianos. -
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINK OP
\J small goods at prices less than goods cos;
landed in New. York; just the chance to . buy a fins
instrument for your summer online at small out-
lay: violins. $1 36: mandolins, $3 36; guitars. $3:
antobarps, $1 ; accord locs, flutes, banjos, piccolos.
cases for Instruments, . violin outfits, eta; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HA RKY SCOTT, V 24
Market St.. Kpreckels building. .
TKINWAY UPRIGHT PIANO AND BEY-
O eral other standard-make second-hands at the
lowest pricis obtainable: uprtzht*. $60. $125, eta
The J. .DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood Building,
Fourth and Market sts. '. "■■; ■ '
C* 1 f\i 1 POU, A GOOD UPRIGHT; $126 FOtt A
•JIUvJ large Newhall up: $176 tor fine new
pianos: call at once if you. want bargains. 'M AU-
VAIS, 769 Market su ' __ w... r:<r, ?;■.;';
WILLIAM G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
it the celebrated Hallet & Davis and Francis Ba-
con pUhos, 406 Sacramento st. -
lAN;S— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THis F. W. SPEN-
CKR CO., 933 Market st. " "V,- '. - " .
"L>EFOKIi BUYING SEE H AINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ A Gerts and Kuabe . pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post St. . ■
HICKKKINti, KNABK. bTKCK. VOSK, BTER-
> ling pianos: ccc our new piano 'or $187; pianos
:or r*BV. BENJ. CURT A 2 A SON. Ht O'FarreiU
Ir»INE sTEIX WAY UPRIGHT ALMOST NEW;
X private party; must sell now. Room 10, Flood
Building. ■ - •- ■.";■'.
19^ FINE UPRIGHT PIANO; LITTLE
tjl^O. used: bargain ■ 116 Seventh st. ' ' .
CM CM EXCELLENT NEW UPKIGHT.STOOL
•J* I<JV.'. and cover;s6 ins-Urn t. 221 Leavenwerth
LEARANCKMALE; NEW UPRIOHTB; $160
\J up; everything at cost. BRUENN, 228 Post.
IpiNE MUSICAL INSTRUMENT (DULCI-
-1 mer), $10: very cheap. tOB Shot well st. -
(J. 1 '>XBAKGAIN:FINE UPRIGHT SCHMITZ
<gXOt>. 16 McAllister at., next Hlbernla Bank.
BYKON M.ai/.V, VOaC M -iSUHKiiiI, ■
>>wbv A K.v»m Krtgir» «nd other pianos.;' . - f
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLUANBW
0 H. Mlii,lJ':R.m»kir. repairer. 2 Latbaro olac*.
itoiwjca,
se"ho rs i li "and"w ao on^xhea pT^in^
quire 1619 Powell st. *-
AKGAIN— FOK SALE; FINE FAMILY
XJ team; dark bay horse, hands high, 6 years
o'd: vert- stylish: carryall and harness; almost
new. E. BROWN, at Otis Co.'s,3lB Montgomery.
LEIBOLD UAKSKW COMPANY: 600 SETS
of good harness, our - own make, of even- de-
scription, for less money than you cao buy Ka-tern
trash; send tor catalogue. : 110 McAllister su.S. F.
1 t() SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAK-
XO\J ness, -all kinds; -wagons, baggies; sumys,
rockawavs, carts;, must 'be Bold. iilH Mission IS
T^TyrT* new AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
iJ\J\J rjesn: all kinds: bugiry.wacon, carts, surrey
4 rock -in- air ; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.'
A(\ HOltbtlS FOK itiALh.;'- ALSO WAGONS
IV bugrlen, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market. 827 BU.h su; auction sales every Wedna*
day. BULLIVAN A DOYLK. Auctioneers. -
HORDES PA vrUKKD; SKNi> tnjl'. CIKOU-
• »» r. • I ■''.(• Mvdp: Kanch. t.'M) CntiimiTClnl SU"
* :,WA(iO.Vs;j.\>i) CAJttKIAGJiS.^
9 ALMOST NEW DELIVERY WAGONS FOB
'<L sale. ' 1624 Mission st.
JJ-OR SALB —CA RRI AGE, HARNESS' AND
matched ; team, chestnut norses; also horses,
bUEgies. etc. New Yonc Stables, 607 Je.sle St., near
Mrtn. * ' ■■ . ■
UGGY.FOR SALE' IN GOOD CONDITION;
cheap: also dumpcaru • 656 Howard st.
OR LJi, AT: EASTERN PRICES, FINK
. J carriages \of - every desc iption ; cash, notes 'or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg C 0. ,; 4H-48 Bih st.,- S. F. i
LlTiJi IL i -SOILED DRIVING -CLOVES;
samplen-.H. M.HEI NEMAN. 109 Sanaoue »U
AND SECOND- M A BaKKK»\ LAUN-
I dry 111 Ilk and grocery w aeons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies- I**2B Harrison aU ■ -
; ; :j .•; ' ■ Pb /SICIANS.
EMOVED— DR. i O^ C. O'D'onVklL^ TO VMS
Market «v : diseases or woman » specialty.' ■ .
I -ION'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN . AT
U his museum. 1051 Market it.: his 30 yean 1
snecessf al practice Is a guarantee of ialr treatmeat;
uu> worst oisM ueawd s*tlsfact«rUy by toaU.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
T*OV*T.% T<» ""T;
OS> Af\ 619 MIS lON - ENTIRE LARGE
<s>nU. building. ; ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery su ;"■'• . .V ■ -.: . • ....
Qfif\ HOUSK, 4 ROOMS, . : LARGE YARD
: I U , ; and cellar. Key af bakery, . Twenty-
lourth and Guerrero. ■ . _^ ' - ■-
Ol f\l BC*H- HOUSE 8 BOOMS AND BATH;
Z I U I " rent reasonable. Apply 10 to 4, 'on
premises. _____^ .-'* ' "~- '■--'"-
;©1 ft HOUSE; 6?- ROOMS; ,' YARD. 917
_«Jp IU. Treat are., near Twenty-second st> ; - -' ■ w
0; 1 A •• COTTAGE OF 5 KOOMS: 85 SHIPLEY
' 31*14:. •sU, near • fourth - (sormerly . Louisa).
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE <t Co., 218-220 Mont-
gomery st. ■;:.-.-■ '. :.:-.",:- ■- '.' ■ .
1 9 PAGE— HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND LARGE
1 ■■£ stable. ■■ - '.-". ..'•■■•
rri\Q LAUREL AYE., NEAR BUCHANAN-6-
-i \'O room house; $12; water extra; basement;
yard. • ■ •-■■ -"■-■*:. . ,-.- . / .
SPLENDID 12- ROOM HOU^E, 3392 TWENTY -
first street, cor. : Guerrero... suitable for board-
ing or private residence; very low rent. . tee it. -
HOUSE— A MICE ' HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery sf. "'-*■'■* J '-'. • -^. j
, VUBMSHIiU HOUSES. :: •.
OZY SUNN V FLAT TO LET: 5 ROOMS AND
bath: furniture ' for sale, very reasonable.
616V^ Hyde st. -
; COITAGM TO LET. ."■
<2;Q Cft COT^'AiTET^iROoMsi 18"" pRoS
(tJpO.«JV/. pect aye.. bet. Twenty-seventh and
j Twenty-eighth sts.. near Mission. ■ ■ ;
i 1 OVELY. . MODERN 6-ROOM BUNNY COT-
1' J ' tag?: rent $16. : . 4392 seventeenth st., above
I Douglass. - . . . ,
EXT CHK AP ; SUNN V COITAGEB; 4 AND
6 rms: bath, basement, yard. 16th & Dolores.
FIKNISUED FLATS.
o"BrE^T^ETjfiaA^T~F^mNTMrED^Fi^ATT7
rooms; bath. 1242 McAllister. NX.cor. 3te'n»r.
flats TO LIST.
EALTH^ PLEASUR^^ANb^^CoSfOMY,
combined; . all bright, cozy flats: 6 rooms:
bath: marine view. | 8 »nd 10 1 Hanover place, off
Sacramento St., below. Mason: keys cor. Mason.
URNISHED ROOM WANTED BY A LADY;
will exchange lig< t services or pay small rent.
Address R. R., box 136, Call Office. ■ . ■
®> I J AND $12; UPPER AND LOWER FLAT;
«IP 1"i 4 sunny clean rooms. 403 Oak st. -.. - ■
Q> 1 Q FLAT OF 3 LARGE ROuMS; LARGE
«JplO. yard. 212 V* Eleventh st. . '
f*-\ C GEARY— LOWER FLAT; FINE CONDI-
VJIO tlon; Brooms, bath; all light sunny. $30.
Ql A LEAVKNWORTH-HANDSOME
Oi"i ny flat 7 rooms, bath, cellar; rent reduced.
£• 1 /■» FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. _ 1027
«IrlU. Post st., near Polk. --■'■■- ■;.■ ■ v
C?"| C ELKGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
<tJPXO« 6 rooms, bath. 133 San Jose aye,, nr. 24ih.
1 P. AX "OLDEN GATE AYE. — 4 TO 6
1 UUi) roon.s: unfurnished; pleasantly located.,
LAT OF FOUR ROOM* SO LOUISA ST.,
on Fourth, near Folsom; rent $11.'
9AI J. SUTTEK — A NICK SUNNY FLAT;
-'Hi yard front and rear; everything modern;
$15.- -■ ' * -.- ...-■■■ . .
<rjlt.l CHEAP; UPPER FLAT; 6 RuOMS.
J .£. 716"^ Tehamast., near Eighth. . .
1 FURNITURE FOR HOUSES; INSTALI.MNT3
r new or 2nd hand. Lundy Furn. 813 Market.
T OWER FLAT, . 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND
Xj bath, basement and yard. 184 Pate st.
esikablh: SUNNY CORNER FLAT; 6
rooms: latest imi rovements. 1541 Eddy st.
©9- ELEGANT FLAT, 6 ROOMS, BATH;
0 — «-*• all new Improvements. ' 762 Folsom.
,fQ7I HAIGHT— LOWER FLAT. 4 ROOMS;
10 % •>, yard, basement; rent $11 60.
1 TMI PO>-T— 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY FLATS;
JI UU garden, bath: $13 and $16. • .
-\ 1 OO BROADWAY — FLAT OF 4 ROOMS;
XXLL rent $14.
Cj-I /* WATER FREE; LOVELY UPPER
I 0 I O. modern sunny 6-room flat; 100 feet from
las ro cars. 4073 Twenty-third St.: key 4075. .
■pvESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
XJ with bath and all - modern Improvements.-
-1633 Bash St.; bet. Franklin and (tough; reut, In-
cluding water, $42 60.' ;
VI.AT-A NiCe, FLAT AND OTHERS' TO
r rent by BALDWIN A, HAMMOND, IV Mont-
gomery St. '- .
FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
I water free. ■ 629 Ivy aye,' : ' '. ■;
LEUANT NEW FLA Si-.VKNTI! ST.. BE-
low itrvant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $x 10 $16."
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any. address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 60, pos;-
, age free.' ■■ . :.-.■-.-■
■ latttJaAJaJtKMUNtt KOOJis.
- Ash Avenue. ■
•} AQ ASH AYE.-2 ' NICE UNFUKNISHED
LUO rooms for housekeeping; $8. , a '--;-.
. . . Buchanan Street. •
fjAfji BUCHANAN-SUNNY CORNER: BAY-
' 'V"Z. window; housekceulug complete; first
floor: $6. ..-■■• ■'.- - •
Bush Street.
1 nog BUSH, CORNKR LARKIN— 3 UNFUR-
I^OO nl»hed rooms, $11 60; first floor. '
i i.nv "Street, . .-
Q*| 7 KDDY— HOUSEKEKPING ROOMS:
1 OX 1 : nicely furnished; splendid location; private
family.! ■ ■.-,■.'■- '
Ul c EDDY— UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS,
OX O range; fine location; private tamlly; refer-
ence. .
Elgin Park.
QC ELGIN PARK— 3 LARGE HDNNYROOMB
OU furnished complete; piano: reasonable.
Jk^llts >"tjees... ' .
QQA ELLIS — TWO SUNNY, FURNISHED
OQ\J housekeeping rooms, in rear; $12.
;-: Filth street."
■ Oi'A FIFTH-2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
017 kpg rooms: stove, closet, bath; private; $10.
Fifteenth street. . * :
1 fr.o7 FIFTEENTH, BET. HOWARD AND
IOOt Capp— 2 uniurnlsned- rooms for house-
keeping. ■ ■ . . " ■ r ■
Fillmore Street.
fflji A 3 LARGE SUN NY. ROOMS TO SMALL
tJpIU. family. . 2212 Fillmore st, near Clay.
; Foinom Street.'.
Q-I (\ FOLSOM— bUNNY FRONT BOOM AND
OX v kitchen complete: no children. -
uuiutiii <>a-e Avenue.
CftQ GOLDEN GATE : AVfL- LARGE AL-
-1 < I/O cove and connecting rooms for housekeep-
j ing: $20. - . " '
iuiKn]d street. '
CCO HOWARD— . ROOMS FURNISHED
OOD complete for houseKeeping: $7.
Qj/J HOWARD-PLEASANT SUNNY SUITE
. wIU of room* with kitchen. •
1 1 A ( ? HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
XXrt£i connecting:* water; rent $12 50.
Byde street.
91 A HYDE-2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
AW} for housekeeping; $16.
• . . i.ui'Hin s;reet. ■';
n-\ Q LARKIK— LAKGEI BUNNY SUITE,
Ul O with kitchen complete for housekeeping. |
Qt\A LARKIK-fCNSV FURNISHED BED-
CUtr room and kitchen, $8: double room, $7. *~.~,
1 (\f\(- LARKIN —SUN NY FURNISHED
J.UUU parlor, floor. $20; also- single rooms, $4. !
. .uliiii.i • 1 r««.. ■'■'' '.- > .
t\A(\ MINNA - FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*.) A U housekeeping'; large yard.' ' - : .
• '-.'._ ... IaMMI - . • 'hki . - -;.\ -.'*
QOl MISSION-SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
O-l rooms; $6 and up. . ■ : ■ • - .- ; i
QCi MISSION— OK 3 FRONT KOOMS, ,
OOx furnished complete for housekeeping.* >■ ;.:-
-1 (\r\P. MISSION.— SUNNY- FRUNT .SUITE
X\JOO complete '.or housekeeping; housekeep-
; lug rooms $7 up. , '; '■
I 000 MISSION— 3 ROOMS. FURNISHED
-i »_--•_ complete . for ■ housekf ep4ng; gas: ; bath.
■ . Nutonii Street.
CC C i ATOM A— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
000 housekeeping. i ' ■■» . . '. ■ .
nO/ \ SATtiMA-2 LARGE -JS ICE SUNN V
■ I £\j rooms fur housekeeping. :. -
New Sfcoutgoinery street. • . ■
■1 f\r NEW MONTGOMERY— NEWLY " PA-
JA/iJ pered and renovated; cheapest furnished
housekeeping suites in city; see them. ' ■ ..- . -
-.':■ Perry.' Street.
(JS.Q [4 FINE' UNFURNISHED SUNNY
• •'. rooms: .'new house: separate entrance;
rear.'- 263 Ferry bu . ■■-,-. -i '....:..
■rost Street. V . .
rj I C POST — LOWER FLOOR \ UNFUR-
i xO nished: whole or part; > lor housekeeping:
central..' •'.' '--'"(" ■'.- .' ' .' '-". -' > '■"-.'■ .' --^- -
, • teveiiin RrMh ':•«'"?
IQ^ SEVENTH — SUNN V FURNISHED
XOU front single rooms: $1 week. ~v. j, ' -
1 f.7 SKVEXIH— LA KG I' . ROO 8 FOR
1O I hounekeepius; $8 and $9. --_.'. -{■■ ■■
Q9UI SEVEN -8 A; NICE t . SUNNY > UN-
O£o% furnished rooms: cheap. .. ■ /v •■-'■ .?. *
• . inr 1 h i«s •
99Cl THIRD. OLTON HOUSE — SINGLE
*-v suites; housekeep'g; $6 up; brick bid; yard, j
< BOOMS TO LE*!-.
'.'.. . Caliiornia street. . "
91 94 CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOMS*
AiX^jrx tor gentlemen. ' • ' -
.' 1.-ldy Street.
*1 I Q EDDY — 2 NEAT". SUNNY SINGLE
XJLO rooms for gentlemen: $5 50 and $6. ■■-"•• v
VIQ KDDY— BHIUHT sunny ROOMS 96
•I. JO up; also front suite cheap. . .-. .:..-.■.
ALL AT THrl PORTSMOUTH FOR NICE,
reasonable rooms. 41 Eddy, corner -Uasoa.
.L.fciilh ;u««i. .'
CHERMA-* APABTJIEKT HOrsE, STH
. 0 *U. near Market: icrn lshed and unfurnished. -
'-;•■ \ Ti.ili« *>t-ee;. :
THK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8."
1 HART. menaser-A quiet house; .rentrilly lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot * cola wa>r.
QOl ELLIS," NEAR • TAYLOR— FOR * BEST
OJji. lodging we recommend the itosedale House.
4 » ELLIS (THU PAIiMKfI'O), MRS f a. . J.
ijJL£ CALHOL prop.— First-class J housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms.-;*- .-' *
QO/1 ELLIS— NEWLY . FURNISHED - ROOM
O^*± with bath: private family; lor 2 gents; $8.
D»>(.» ELLIS-SUITE, NICE SUNNY ROOMS
OOv to one or two persons; no children; ; refer-
ence required. ■ .'■'.'::■ '■' ■'.- '-..- ■■■ -'- V.
Fell Street. . .
CiOti FELL— SUNNY. FURNISHED FRONT
\JZ.\J room with folding-bed. $7. - ■ ■ . '- ■
1 iuh Street. :
9'-?O FIFTH ; ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
ZpOU double and single. .
" ' x oleoin Street.
cor FOLSOM-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
i DO front room; suitable for 1 or 2; $6. •. :.
,i>t«ry;«tre».. : . i
MA GEARY. NR. KEARNY— ROOMS AND
suites; day, week or month; country traie
solicited. •■■'•.-• ■ ■'. -' '" --" -: ■■■' . ' : < .
«>1 rr\ OE-ARV, OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
— 1 I 2 furnished or unfurnished rooms: key 217.
Qfk I GEARY .ST. — NEWLY FURNISHED
Ov/.L sunny rooms; central; rear; reasonable;
new comer flat. ■ . ' • ■ '•-%**-.
ri''HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
■1 handsomely furnished snltes; single rooms: $10
month up. liOl Geary St., HW. cor. Van Ness aye.
i.uium (jiitA Avunue. ■ ."
oil Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICE SUNIJY
—X U single rooms; $5 up.* ' .
Hickory Avenue
n HICKORY AYE.— FRONT BEDROOM FOR
a steady man: quiet home; English. .
. ■ . Jones sirent.
9/17 .•"ONE!- — THE VaN WINKLK: NF.W
£\J I manaKementi tlexant sunny suites and
■ingle; newly lurnlshed: t>aiti. etc.; tip to ana - -
. ' : <.ti.rnr »trt>«».. .
A RLINOTO7T HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
i\. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: terms reasonable. .
E HAVE ROOD'S TO KENT. CALL AT
Rental and Tourists' Guide. 630 Kearny st. , -
jiklkr' • 1'«0...
m. MARKET— AM KRICAN ' HOUSE: : BUN-
ny furnished rooms, suite and single: cheap.
V oskmitk lilll'v, iO4» MAKKKT — rtK
I night, 85c to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
LAKGE FRONT; SUNNY; BAY WINDOW
XJ room; reasonable. 1722 Market st.
:M«Ailisier Street. *
qqra McAllister— sunny furnished
—— I) rooms, doable and single; private family;
$8 and $10. - ■-'.■-■■ --.■■■■ , ■
junna >tro«l.
{•QH MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nlahed bay- window rooms; $1 per week. -
HisUM >treet.
9/IH9 MISSION. NX. TWENTIETH— NICE
£rx\J£i sunny moms: furnished or partly fur-
nished; suites or single; private. , ■- --.. -
U'i airrell street.'.
097 O'PaRRKLL-2 single Sunny WELL-
O— < furnished rooms; $8 and $7 per month.
j]^ OF ARKE L L -CHAN HA NT)?;
iJU nicely furnished suites and single; terms
reasonable.- .'.:.,--: ,--
. . . l'olk Street. '
*-»n- POLK, NEAR TURK— FURNISHED
\J\} I room for gentleman; reasonable. . .- :
■'Pout street;'"
91 r POST— LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
<ux%j sunny snito tor gentlemen; $32.
. Bitch Street.
94 1 RITCH— I SUNN YIrRONT ROOM.; BTJIT-
*-i^'£ able for 1! gentlemen. '. . .
it ass Street..
91 BUSS— StTNNY- INGLE ■ FURNISHED
4X room, bath, closet; $5. ■ ■•■' .- ■ / •-. • '
. rlxiJn ' > reel.
m. SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN .THE CITY;
nicely furnished single and double rooms.
. : Stockton Street. '
900 STOCKTON, NX. COH. GEARY—
£i\J\J furnished downtown rooms; $7. ■ ■
,' tuiter.-treei.
OnO BUTTER/- FIRNISHED ROOMS OR
*.>\)O suites. $125 •to $10 » week; night, 26c to
$160; transients solid c<l. • :
7| I*4 SUTTEH. COR. TAYLOK— ELEGANTLY
I ' '♦) newly lurninhed sunny rms.: sulteor single.
-; . ;•; - ■ '.--, iajrior Mr«oc. t
"I A O TAYLOB— FtTR N I .«« HSD
L''O rooms; ■' also housekeeping ' apartments;
cheap. - ; ■ .
Turk Street.
Z\AZ\ TURK-LA BUNNY FURNISjBBD
0~10 room; hot and cold water. : * . -
•-.-. ■• iUmcel I nnrout,
GOUGH. NR. PINK— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
VJ alcove rroin. and large room connecting; ! fur-
nished or" unfurr.lshed: board optional; private
family Address Reasonable, box 99, Call Office.
THE ALBEMARLE. COR. MASON AND
X Market— Elecani sunny ' suite, fronting Market
St.; suitable for a doctor; rent reasonable. ."•:. ■-:-
rjHKAPiaT AN t D t BEST IK AMBRICJA^JtS
iV- 1 . J '. L ' V GA i J iL - * ent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 CO, poet-
ase tree. T ' *"^
; . VNFCBMSUKO O>lS.
•510*^^^~ 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMsf
280 OAK-TWO UNFURNISHED PARLORS^
KOAKIUJSU AM) HOUMS. "
707 ELMS, NR. FOLK— FURNISHED ROOM
IQI with ooard. '
T AD\ WISHED A COUPLE MORE STEADY
Xj boarders. 408 Sixth st.; bakery.
OTiii. bhlil'iJ.NU, 714 iiUsH— A FAMILY
' hotel references cl veu and required; all iuoa-
«T-i ci'nv»'nl<n'-»'^ " . : • '---;•
' ClllLDltilN . BO AKl>lil>. r~
T^A Ti Y~ WkH TB~2^CIII LDRB jT to" BO ARd"-
Xj private' f mliy; mother's care; good home'
Apply Call Office . ■ .
RELIABLE EXPERIENCED LADY WOULD
JLV like child to board aged 2 to 9: pleasant, sunny
home: church: rcferen --1616 Mas n sl.
bTOK£S TO CUV. "^
STOKITToR. LaFaYKTTK, 1524 HOWARii-
with fixtures for. sa.oon: fit for any business'
cheaprenu* -•■'■■ • v - . ■ ■■ '
. OtfKfVWk ,TO ' LIST. ;.
E^K^t6^M^O^nTETTN^X~pI^GASANT
sunny office in Crocker build n^ for $15 per
month . with free services of a competent sten-
ographer. Address BILLINGTON, box 54 this
office.' . ; -.". .-.■■:.■' •■■; ■■ ■  -.-  ,-; ..->.
9/^ O'FAHRELI*— LARGE, SUNNY OFFICES"-
£\) elecirlc lights; elevutor»n«i janitor service! '
TO LET— EI.KGA>T. OFFICES AND- LODO *•-
X rooms In the. new ling, Y. M. c. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts. ; relit exceedingly low. -
110 EDUY- FINK SUITE; «.l\dt*N"D FLOOR-
HO offices for aoctor or denti«u "-•>.  • -. ).'
S PRECKELS JJDII.DINO. 927 MAKKKT—
O Elegant sr\nnv offices, $13 60 up: electric-llsbt-
heating and janitor service free. /Apply «t buildlas
QTLi. H. UMB.sF.N A ':<'■■ 14 Montgomery st. ■■"
■*^.. .•■:." . UOTKL TO LKAsIil -
rpo : LKT — THE W. .TF.LL '■■ HOu7?K; 317-319
x Bush st. : this well-known , hotel; is thorouuhlr
renovaied, considerably improved: compares with
best 2il-«lasgho;el in tnvvu. At A I tSOV <j| KOHKE.
' .;. \ Pit FJJ^Ii».U CAUI>». ~
RAsksHAT/ATTOBNBY-AT.LA W. < ROOM
421. four:h floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
\V ILUH, DKEI»>, Efa -. L SONT \G," ATT'Y
'Tati4Notary, ll6 Market; res., 2126 Howard.
JOHN K.KICHAKD-?, LAW OFFICES.- Ro<>mS
2-J and '27,' Crocker building; telephone Main
75, Ban Francisco. Cal. -'. • ...
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASIIER."
ti attys at law. rms 51&.316. 5 h floor. I'arron Did?
-- ;■_ r ■ . "~-:-i.:...^.-BXOJSAGJi:" .;•".-_.■ ■'■;■.• '.'-
-torXgk^-"c heapjc St ■ i x thkcit y •. fir&
O proof building; advances made.*, ail Larkin. ; ■
■L-UKNITIKI-:. -.PIANOS, TRUNKS; A DI
J vances." shipping. CHAS.L. TAYLOH.2O4 Post.
A.B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 131
• low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern -plaa.
'■'■I CITY REAL ESTATE.
TV f CA*'KE . BKOTHBXS, ; :
I>l -.■> : REAL ESTATE BROKERS ■ .
- ..ir.T AND FINANCIAL AGENTS, *
' 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
PROPERTIES FOR EXCHANGE, ,'v
TO EXCHANGE FOR : PROPERTY '" "WEST-
•■• -WARD. s ..v'
- ' —TUHK, NEAR WEBSTER: 06:6x120:
2 fronts: cottage =of 7 rooms, bath: comfortable
home; property will improve.
TO , EXCHANGE :: FOR • SAN* FRANCISCO OR
; x , '.-; • OAKLAND PROPERTY. . -
<ftl 9 000 WKB-TF.K >T, NEAR VALL-
— .\t\J\J. ejo; new residence" of 16 rooms: :
all latest improvements: electric I lights, gas ■fl es,
furnace: v natural ■ woods; - tinted wails; desirable
location; delightful home. * - . 5
• \'\ ■■: ALSO •-.-' ',- .
©OAAA NORTHEAST CORNER ON* SAN- ;
tJ)»OUUU. ches St.. near 84th; ; 5:. '.street
work done; lot on grade; would sell in subdivi-
sions. , •>■...■■• ' '- '' -■':".•'' .. '
TO EXCHANGE FOR MISSION PROPERTY.
; ' © ft 9 X A■ . LYON. NEAR , U GARY : 67 :6 x
ts\j£*j\J. 201:6 and L 40x101:6; a large lot
with 2 neat fiats, ing for $432 per annum; in-
expensive Improvements would make this prop- .
erty pay good income. -■'■• : •-
:._ ALSO : ...
<*fc (inflfi SUTTRR ST., , EAST. OF SCOTT:
«IP UUUU. 27:6x62:6::2stnriesr store and 2
rooms he o\v; flat of 6 rooms and bath above:
small stable; all subs' antia.ly built and in good
order; rents $640; another flat -and more rooms
could be added. ■____-/•
■ •-/ McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
. '. REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. - *
. . WE BEAT THEM ALL. -
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
' Our Installments are easier than rent.
ffl»1 A A TO $250— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
W-IUI-'ae once; near Mission and San Mateo
1 Electric Car lines: only «6 monthly payments.
r '- i?OL GETZ & BROTHER.
$j» 7 X IO $12. O— BEST LOCATED LOTS NEAR
tip I O electric lines, north and south of' park-
beautiful view of pork, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Aißilau-a Colleuei-
s6 aud $10 monthly payments. .'-■• - -
••- - : ■■■-■■. ■'.:• SOL QETZ A BROTHER.
Call tor maps and diagrams. • ■■ . . .>.
. . SOL GETZ A BROTHKR. Owners,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Buldlug.
fTHVO STORES, NOS. 8 AND 10 EIGHTH ST.,
X : just off Market, with 1 2 and 8- living-rooms In
excellent: order: .well suited for milliner, dress-
maker or barber: rent low. Apply to P. C. MoL-
LOY, 138 Montgomery st. - ' x .
SMALL HOMES, $10 MO. UP; LOW PRICES;
easy terms. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st!
INTBTOREAL ESTATE i. .. -. - .--.- ■■—■
:■:■'.'- INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERS,
'. You can make some money now bnlng land any-
where within an hour's ride of a great seaport City.
You can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than oihers. . ■ '
: You can make the most money if you .'select a
pi ac» naturally situ tel for a town, located in the
direct line of up-to-date public aud private im-
provements, easily accessible 'by Cheap and fre-
quent railway and water transportation linns 10 a
rreat commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business cen its. vpi farenutnih
away from any to Insure of its becoming a prosper-
ous, Belf-Huphr.rtliig'at:d independent community.
FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED •
As to combine all tries-* advantages and. many,
others. It offers splendid inducement! to those
about to start business of any dlscrlption. >•■•. ■■
For suburban homes it r vals any of the '■■ thickly
popnla:ed centers around the bay. ..'.- --.,■»
- It I. only 45 minutes i from San Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight. ■- >
• Station on both lines. No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad. i«w»atfwwHOgw^
ELEGANT CHURCa EDIFICE RECENTLY.
COMPLETED. : ;.-. -
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 160
SCHOLARS. .
The streets are graveled and ornamented with
avenue trees, cvprcss hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these Improvements.
NOTE THE ELEGIBLE LOCATION.
- • Consider the social vantages sure to multifile
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
your investment in a prospec business center
as compared ; with the s many isolated one-street
tracts now on the market. ■
■ SEE FITCUBURG.
Invest Judiciously and the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the resu Lots
ready 10 bui a on, siser26 and 50 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep. • ■.. : .
I'll ILK ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
- Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance in monthly
payments. • • , >■■
THAI*. 8. FITCH. Fltchburg. San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery BU..S. F. .
V OR SALE, ON KASY-TEHMr^t $300 CASH,
X $35 per month: 2. beautiful modern cot' axes,
containing porcelain tub, tiled bathroom, 2 c cirant
mantels In each 'spacious nail; finely ■ decorated
throughout; finished basemen sandatiir*: must
be seen to be " appreciated : one located on 'the
NW. corner of 2oin and Diamond sts.: lot 85 feet
front: the finest home, and. site in . the, Mission:
the other is located -on . Golden Gate aye., between
Baker and Lyon, and Is almost completed. For
terms apply to m. A BORN, owner and : builder,
4079 Twenty-fourth St., near Castro. ,
q ÜBSTANTJ AL MODERN HOUSES~BUILT;
0 $150 to $.75 a room; -parties con;em pitting.
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 , CENTS — T7is
-cV. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
.. EDUCATIONAL.
I^oTN^riER^^(7XE^So3<TGI?ITA^r?LTNOr
■D banjo. MRS. LUTHER. 1241 Market st.
STIEHL's COLLEGE, 723 MARKET BT.,
offers unsurpassed advantages ana induce-
ments In shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting. English . branch?*, languages, c.c:
expenses less than at any other college. LI.ON
and LULA STtEHL, proprietors. ■■
KS. MELVILLE SNY"iJfe.R, 716 -POST ST.;
vocal music; piano: elocution t practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe-
cialty; vocal clasics Monday. Bp. m. : 91 a month.
YKEB', 1 HE LEADING SHuKTIIASIJ VOLr
lege, 335 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, . eta: lit*
scholarshlu $50: low rates per. week and month. .
i^ ELA*CO'-i LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1 > Private theatricals arranged; pwplls rehearsed'
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL,' MINING. ME.
chanlcal engineering, surveying, arcliltvcttire-
assay: estab. '64. VAN N AILLEN, 723 Mitt,
LOCUJION. DRAMA. DELSARTE, PHYSI-
caI culture, .- voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hydesu; call after Ip. m. •
ttrban school AT 2124 California st.;
U opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE, Prln.
ALMA K. HYKR, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
J^x. jo studio. 406 Geary, R. 17: hours Btolo p. m.
VJOOKKPNO, WKITNG. ARITHMTO.ORAMR
XJ day A ni ht: nocla'ses: $s.month. 845 Mission
/'i UITAH MANDOLIN.' PiANO AN VOCAL,
VJ Ifssons: $3 mo. M A KY. WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
B OWEN'S ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley: special classes tor the universities. .
HORTHAXIJ LESSONS AT NlflHT; TERMS
O $2 per month. 8. H., box 86. Call.
VI USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
ii in staging; 84 a month. 854 Missions:.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIEi.U, TEA"ciIER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
"f OBKPH otltVltA, "VOJCK-IMPKOVKK. B^
O Ninth st . ' '.■■'•'•"=• ' :: '
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TH
\J WEEKLY CALL,' sent I to | any address in the
United States or ■ Canada one year for $150, post-
»g free. - ■ ■■:•■■-■-.■-■...• •■■ ■- :■ ,
-,:■,.,--- ■ • iiliOAt, .hoi-icta. . . .
f\ElPATvrMK^T~To7^rpß^^E^l?r*T^E'
XJ Superior h Court, in v and tor • the City and
County of <an Francisco. State of California. '• •
In the matter of me estate ot GABRIEL GAIL-
HAKD, deceased, 17601." ; ' —
r .Notice is hereby given that ' TUESDAY, the 4th
day of Angus', A. l>., 1896. at 10 o'clock a. x. of
said day and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
Mid court at the new City Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco, state of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving a
duly -authenticated copy 'of the -will- of said
GABRIEL OAILH A RD, deceased, and for hear-
ing the application of PIKKKINE BKRGES for
the issuance in hi m of .letters of administration ,-
with the will annexed.'.- ' .-- ' ";•■-•'. -- -
Dated July 21, A. D., 1896.
fsiui.}: ''-'--■ ' C.F. CURRY. Clerk,
By F. B. HOUGHTON. Deputy Clerk.
P. ALEXANDKE BEKGEROT,: Attorney for
Petitioner. 142-143 Crocker building, San . Fran- •
cisco. .■■-;' -...:'»•.?.-.'■.■■:■■ : ; .. . ■ -
VPUKSUANTTO A DECEKK 61 *'OHJCCU>
X: sure 'and sale, made In the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit > of » the republic of Hawaii May 12,
•1896,-noilc* Is hereby given that, the property
' hereunder described will - be sold at public auction
at me I Courthouse (Alilolani Hale) : In Honolulu.
Island of Oahu, U. L,' on Wednesday, August 26,
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. -v. ■"■-"•:■ P.C. JONEs, -
, .... , '. Receiver of Lanul Ranch. 1 '
1 : .This property is known as the t Lanal Ranch, lo-
cated on the island 'of- Lanat. comprising '.11, 500
acres more or less In fee simple, ami ■ leases of 43,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable ot which do not expire until 1916-
-the annual rentals are about $1800. . s -...-;
; This eulsile is weir fitted for a sheep ranch,' hay-
■ ing ample houses | lor | all | purposes, all |in good re-
pair, with I 1 Isterns, wuoished I and r Dress, I and I a
ho;k of 24,000 ; sheep. 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. - V-*. - ■ ■ . r ;:
Ihe lan s are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of -cattle. As a sheep run it is
the most valuable on the islands. . The lands now
owned and controlled', by present Owners virtually
control the entire Is and or Lanai. - -.
Lv. There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of .'stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; > there are no mongoose or wild dogs; on; the
Island. 'Ii)ijW#MMBWWWBa^W>Bg"SW»yWW>SW^Hrt
, ■ ■ bitrum communication between Lanai and. Hon-
olulu every . week. ,:-esVnSS~v4««3BOKiaaM<l<^lßWrf
A map showing all the lands controlled' by." the
•state and a detailed ; schedule of the property to
De sold can; be seen and further particulars can be
bad at the office ot Messrs. Welch & Co., 220 Call-:
fornia San Francisco. •"-'■' 7 - fc - ■•'
Terms of sale will De cash in United States sold
coin.'gEwmewagumMmM as HB9BBEHBMH
° Honolulu, May 16, 1896. -' " -^ V ",
■ % ; -.-•••. -.P. C. JONES. Receiver.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. -
fl»4nnf\ 24fl 'ACRES ON MAIN 'COUNTY
»3>-tUUU. road In Pleasant Valley: house of II
rooms; large barn; plenty of water and wood: 140
acres under cultivation; will exchange for house
aud lot in Oakland. •• - r
© 1 £0 TO $250 PER ACRE. FOR SMALL
»4P X U\J tracts near Woodside,£an Mateo County;
some of the fines land in he State: Just the place
for a nice home: call and inquire about this.
-V. EDWIN K..ALSIP & CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building.' '
TpOR RUNT. :
. : Those beautiful and ' finely - located sprintrs ln
Sonoma County, near Russian River, fine building
completely furnished : Iron, magnesia, sulphur and
other springs: also 240 acres land included; nouse
now filled with summer boarders; rent reasonable
to a responsible party. " '
- EDWIN K. ALSrp A CO.,
. •', Room 29. second floor. Mills building...
rro rent, SO>OMA ClTY— house -of SIX
i- rooms, sir. acres of laud, partly orchard, barn
and outbuildings, snltahi • for a home or chicken
raising; excellent neighborhood: ■ near schools;
fine climate.. Address L. E., box 80, Call Office.
tA'ACKja LEVEL LAND B. MILES FROM
C'\J Santa Rosa: of no use to owner;' will sell at a
sacrifice. J. J. O'ROUKKE. 902 Broadway. Oak*
land. '. .-..-...•-. . '... ...... ..
NY. ONE . wanting A ranch FOR
'grazing 'purposes,' or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required.
balance In 6 or 7. v ears, apply 326 .Montgomery st.
MARIN. COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES* a 6 MILES
from city; 10 s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land ; rail or water transit; $40 10 $76 per
acre; terms to suit, . syndicate Investment . Cum-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. • ' .......
* LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CIIOIC-
JX est in the state; selling in traots, 6 .v.-res up-
ward. $35 per acre: adjoining lands : held a: $100
per acre: Owner forced to sell; 1 V 2 hours inn S. F.
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.' ,
T ITTLE HOM its, -. CLOSE .TO 1 TOW \. TiU
XJ proved, easy terms;. also 4 to 12 Acre pieces,
on 8 and JO years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market S. K. . ."..'
QK.NUFOKOUK List or OJtCHAKU HU.MKS
O lorwU«. . WIHKPHIt A- W.i I'l'l'llV, --:■ '«»«.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKIANDBEAL ESTATE. '
CjO/inA A FINE CORNER LOT 40x100 ON
<©O.tV»U. Jackson st., near Bth. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. ' :
0:9700 8-STORY HOUSE: BATH;
tgj^i 1 \f\J. hUh basement: all new and modern
In every partlruar: lor 52x100: corner of Twenty-
fifth aye. aud -Twenty-third st.. Ka<t Oakland:
easy terms. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway
400 I * EW 6 ROOM, 2-S IOR Y HOUSE;
«IPJ-T:v\j. all modern;- lot 26xlU; Valdezst.,
near Park aye ; small cash payment and balance
on monthly payments. A. H. BLOW, 1010
Broadway. Oakland.- -»> .."; •.;■-.; :■ .
4r;r.||n 8 rooms, all new AND MOD-
'iP,UU\i\J. em; 2-story residence: lot 40x90;
Brush st., near Twelfth st. ; this property Is a great
bargain, and must be sold by August 1; easy
terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
Q*«X(|o 8-KOOM NEW COLONIAL HOUSE:
<PV"cM '\J. 2-story, bath, basement and all mod-
ern in every respect; southwest corner West and
Nineteenth ats.: lot 50.x :00: easy terms. A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, O ikiand. - -
Cli 9 4 >P;i \ WE WILL BUILD YOU A 2-STORY
«ff^— O\J. 6-room house for $2250 or an 8-room
for $2600; lot 40x126; in the lirore^st. Tract; on
Grove St., near Rumsoll: monthly payments. A
H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
T^Olt SALK-By a OR 5 ACRKB-, ALL IN
X bearing fruit: good house; 2 barns: chicken-
houses, etc.; free water piped to house and grounds ;
on' electric road: sightly location: an a whole,
$9600; 3Vs acres, with building*, $400'); ; worth
double the money. ; BENHAM & THOMAS, 465
Ninth St.. Oakland. .-. .;
ffij 7,*-, LOTS AND UPWARD-ALLEN DALE
<uD • O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruifrale,
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home: streets graded
and macadamised and the lots are In shape to build
on; a line school with 2 elect lc roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 ' monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. • 468
Mnth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JON EN, owner. ; . .
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
\.> WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for *1 60, post-
iMtefrce. ■ >
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET;
ALA3IKDA KEAL ESTATE.
ffIjOOXA 2-SIORY. 7-ROOM~HOt7BKTToT^
»IJV.>XnJV". tase, 6 rooms, large lot: former price
$4500: must be sold. T. F. BAIRD, 1803 - Park
St., Alameda.'' ' ■ •
IpOR HALE— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE,
a modern 2-story dwelling; 11 rooms, both, etc.;
grounas, 751176: furnished If desired. F6r par-
ticulars apply on premises, 2341 Pacific aye., nenr
Park si.. Alameda. a very tine new Stelnway
piano also for sale. ■ '.■■•■■ -.--,■ ■ •
ALAMJiDA ' HOUSE-! TO LET. "
T? URNISHED COTTAG R; « '. ROOM B -- : AND
X bath: for rent' St. Charles st,' Alameda: S
minutes to broad or narrow gauge roads. ■ Address
B. M. 1 AMB'iRN. 1428 Morton st.. Alameda. Cal
AiKIiKKLiiV HEAL KsiAlK,
-ROOM MODERN COTTAGE ...... $1250
6-room modern cottage ..;. ...;.. .$lOOO
4-room cottage, hard-finished ........;.:... $7.60
3-room cottage, partly flnlsh-d .........;...;. $450
F. BUEOLn:, uolden Uate Station. . '
OAVERIiN'i'— ONLV $1900; MoDEkN, NEW
0 4-room cuttuse; 1 block from station: pay-
ments same as rent; 40-foot lot. M.l. WUIUS,
opp. Dwigli:-way station. .-.-■■ - : .■ ..- -
-pOOl) HUAIKsi FOX KENT OR FOB BALE
VJT on easy - terms. - O. O. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
OsEPti J. MAMi.V, KKiL tM'ATK AND
Insurance ngetit, !>rkp|i»v stain, adjoining 'lank
BERKELEY; KOOMS AND BOARDING.
pULTURKD HOME FOR YOUNG LADIES
\J attending college: { sunny rooms; excellent"
table: 1 . block ' from university; references re-
quired, i Andrews R. R.. BerVe ry, Cat. ••-■'. .- <.■ -1
VO.Oi'Kh.i'XY - IU J±AN«jrii.
orTexchange-»2 lots in stockton;
near electric road, $1000, clear; 12 lo's, Acton,
Los Angeles County,' $1000,' clear: modern cot-
tage, 6 rooms and stable. Oakland: Bank Mort-
gaße, $1250'; modern 7-room bouse. Pacific avenue,
- Santa - Crux, batik mortgage.' $.-4000; • 160 . acr-s.
Howell County, Missouri, $1600, clear: bargains
in houses and lots for sale. BEN HAM A THOMAS,
4b5 Ninth st., Oakland.
HOUSE AND LI.T IN EAST OAKLAND FOR
paik lots. DECKER, 1020 Market su ,;. ■-. -.=•-
HOUSE AND LOT IS A TTLE EXCHANGE
■JLL for ranch. DKCKKR, 1020 Market 8t. ..
1 "LINE PAYING BUSINESS IN . CITY; WILL
J. 1 bear strictest investigation: . to exchange for
stock of poultry ranch near Oakland. 1 11., box 6,
Call Office. ; . -. ..' • - ,-;■■■ ,
1 9QH ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
;J*.O»,ffWMi nnefnrcattle-rnlslnc. N..bx.l6.Cail
aiOMiY to JLOAK.
9A A r\f\OX liIPRO VE DRB A L EST ate!
O\J \J\J\J sums not exceeding $1000. Call at
room 829, Parrott Building. ■.-.■.
AN AMOUNT "ON "BOND*, DtAMuNDH,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskin*, silks
and instruments; Interest low: private entrance:
private rooms: discreet : attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye ' -, . •.
AD V ANUiiiti -ON DIAMONDS, . WATCHES.
xjl jewelry, also on furniture,' pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLRY
bTORE, 948 Market at.; open evenings.
ai? "I i\i\ twin TO LOAN, city, AT 6%: also
\t\J.\J\J\J Oakland and country, life-In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
t-HAINWALD, BUCKJBEK -&., CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. " -, '
ONKY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONE Y. ; LOANED -UN • J£\VJiiLitl* -> AM)
< other valuables -. at the - Security ; Loao Ofßca.
.- 1106ilarket«t.. Dr. Mason: prlvaie «.titrjinr«> 1 Tar*. .
IRECI" ON YOUk FUKNITURU OR PiANO:-
XJ no removal : no delay.4; no oommi.isions; low
Interest. Km. 68, I>onohua bldg. 1170 Market st.
NY AMOUNT: : IST. '±l> or. 3D MOilTu
estates, undivided lnierests. real estate In ur»
bate. . WcCOLUAN. 24 Jionieimieri'. 100 m 3. ''
bT & -iii AIOiITGAUKa: I.NTKKhSI'3 IN X*,
tales :low»sc rales:no rteUv.M t V.t;2« Mrk*.
.'* DVANCESON IiIAMONDS^IF.UBLH V; KTU
J ' Columbia Loan dc t.'oiUteral «>ltlr»,;9 <<rnui. ar-.
f ■.-.-.: FA VV-MiiiOKJiH.-*. ,
AT 126 KEARNY - BT.;v ROOM' 9-MONE V
" loaned, *. watches, ; diamonds, etc.; , low ■ rates;
prlv»;i' rooms: elevator: i.if-djrpg for sale ohfap.
MONEY WASiTKa
W^ A^r^D^rir^oK^Twr^woTFo^rr^fEAir;
V» will give bonus;' real- estate In probate as se-
curity. Address 1:. F... T>ox 101. Ch 1. -
/ ATTOKJiEYS-AX-LAW. V "-."■
A DVJCE FBEi^JUIVORTjE^AWaTXTbPEui?
XV altyj private; 00 chareo unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended t0..0.- W. HOWE, atfy-at-law. D6O Market.
-I E. PHILLIPS— U. ■. AND STATE COURTS: '
JJ . ■ daniH«. cases 'a : specialty : money to loan, 0:1
estates; charges moderate, offices 608 Cal foruia.
IV* F. ARAM.'ATT I .Y-A'l'.1 AW,681 PARIIOTT
: • » * - . bldg. Practices in all courts -.charges moderate
LEU AL BU3I N ESH~T Tnol* l r &-
Jlcity ; advice free, confidentla:, P. v. box 2132.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY- AT- LAW. CHRON-
. iile oldg; advice free; moderate; open evnjs.
r: .-. : LOST. '" -
B"""iiACK'.^A'i^"'VAX,'^nipVLED^ix'"^HlND
legs: license 1526: $2 60 reward: return to 3250
Two-. tv-rir< . nenr A tssion. :: . ■ ", -■ ; •- r', s * •'- ,
. >.idni j-,i... j o>T ON PiWELLST. . R&
.V.' turn 10 203 a Puwell. rece ye reward.
T OST— YELLOW. POUTER DCG. RKTUHN
XJ 3287 Twenty-seionU su, receive reward.
FOXHOUND— " ON COLLAR; LI-
X cense 666; liberal reward. .» s»U Lawrence Sta-
ble, 423 Poet K. ■-'■*•.•.■•,■
J OST— IRISH SETT BITCH; REWARD. :
XJ 1206 a Broadway. • . •
OST— ON WEDNESDAY. 15TK, A BKKAST-
pin, with diamond. in 'center. 'Finder please
return to 8622 Twentieth st and receive reward.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THK HIBERNIA
Savlnen and loan society of Sun Francisco, in
the name of M A Ri.AH ET .YOUNG, No. 133,249.
The tinier will please return 10 bank ■•■
-^"^"*"'*"^——^— — *^^^~^^
TO LEASfc.
T^^TPiLEASE-SOxioO^ LAR(iE^BUILb 1 N(H
suitable for manufacturing purposes; corner
Seventh aui Hr ant st<>.: 411 MontKoinery St.
. i* **■/ - 1 Al>ff LlCi-^aiiji, -
1 he following marriage llcen^e* were Issued by
the Cou.iiy Clerk's ofllce yesterday : ■
H. J. Bowers and Nora Horian. 32—25. i . .
F. C. : Schacartzer and - Florence Z. Valencia,
26-20. '- . • ,
N. Wo*fe and Selma K. Oreyfon^Sß— 21."
. William Ahrens and Hattle F. Young. 27—25. •
H. Buehrmann and Diar a K. Kuhlmann, 31—25.
. P. W. Brown and Hannah It. pore, 29— -
Charles Isaac and • lorence Green. 30—21.
C. F. T. Flex ana Marsnarita Faber, 31-23.
W. Clark and Amelia Leonhardt, 3n— 2B.
■ 6. H.W. Dowe and Maud H. M. Welch. 28— 2 ft
TUX t>A¥**i±ii4 KKv/Oii-.
Complaint filed: x ■ •• .,- ■• ?."■
Maud E. West against Alfred L. West.
Divorce granted: ---•-< -■• . -'. •- • . /
.Otto Crossßeid from Addle M. Cross field, deser-
tion: .It vice }r»bbar.l. ,•
— MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
rßlrth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be In erted. They mus be handed in nt
either of the publication - offices And be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to nave the same published. J •
BDK.V.
EGAS- In Berkeley, July 21, 1896, to the wife of
John J. Egan, a son. - -
PrNCL'S— to the wife of ElUan Plncns. a daughter.
ilAKlilKl).
WHITNEY-BARUTH-July 22, 1896, at the
1 home of the bride's' parents,' by the Rev. H. B.
Monies, James Proctor Whitney and Dora K.
Baruth. v . : .
_______________ ___
JJIJSO.
Addlson, Mrs. K. L. : Johnson, Richard • -
Casey. James M. . Kelly, Daniel
; Cavaifnaro, Giulia Kelly, Polly O. '*'
i Davison. Clara E. . - McUonlgle, Frank r. ' - •
('leeson, John ■ Retlcker, Mrs. Sarah T.
HBnley, Elizabeth Rosenberg, Lewis
. Harmon. Willie Taylor, Byron ". •
Helzman, John • . Turney, John
lngersoil, Mary J. G. ' Wisby, Elizabeth : :
Wiseman. Wi.iiain *
CASEY— In Oakland. Jnlv '21,' 1806. James M.,
.husband of the late Elita Casey, and father of
Lizzie. Raphael. ChnrlttM. James. John, David,
and Edward Casey, Mrs Filzhenry, Mrs. Swee-
ney and Mrs. Fay, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland. ;.„ ... -.-. ■ ':.. . . . . ' . . .
43* The funeral will take place THIS DAY
- (Thursday), at 9:16 o'clock a. m.. from the resi- ;
' . dence of his children, 410 Thirteenth street, San
Francisco, thence 10 S*.. Joseph's Church, where a
' requiem nigh mass will tie celebrated tor the re- j
pose of his soul, Commencing at 10 o'clock a. W.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ADDISON— In this city," July 'J2, 1891 Mr*. S. L.
.Addison, mother- of Waiter F. Tlllman and
Frank A. J-laskeil, a native of , Boston, Mass.,
aged 66 years. . , - .
CAVAONARO— In this city, July 22, 1896, Giulia
. Cavatnaro, dearly belov -d wife or the late Lulgl
; Cavagnaro. and beloved mother of - Rosa Demar-
tint, mother-in-law of Antonio Demartini, and
grandmother of 1.1111:1 and- Stcfano . Demartlni.'
and bister of Uiacomo cos a and Maria Pltto, and
sister-in-law of Madtvlena Cavagnaro, a native of
. Italy, aged 60 years. -. . ■ '
J*3"Notlce of funeral hereafter ,
DAVl6oN— Clara E. Daviso.i, beloved wife of
Fr.tnk Davison, granddaughter of Robert and
Clara Llddie. and sister of Robert H- Llddie,.
agiHi 23 years and 10 months. . ■:■ •
- JKgrThe funeral will taße place TO-MORROW
' , (Friday), at - 2 o'clock p. - x., from her late j
residence, 329 Fell street.
GLEESON— In this city, July 21, 1898. John, be-
loved husband of Fannie ■ Gleeson, a native of
Rathcorinack, .County . Cork, Ireland, aged 64
years.* .-:■■'. • ,- ■ - . . •
HANLEY— in Vallejo, Ct»l.. July 21,1808. Eliza-
; beth ilanl<-y. beloved daughter of John and Mar-
garet Jlanley, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 1 month and 20 days, i.-; •.-■■-
HARMON— In-New York! City. January 1. 1896.
. Willie, beloved son of Charles and Hannah Har-
mon, a native of Sail i-rauclscO, aged 19 years
; and 10 months. . . ; .
HEIZMAN-In this city. July 81. 1896, John, be-
. loved husband of Mar;dalena .C. Helzman. and
' ; father Of Frances, force - and Lottie Heizman
and - Mrs. 'Robert Gra ban, a native of Baden,
- Germany, aged 66 ye»rs 'i months and 5 days. ■
tST Friends and acqualntnnti s and members
• of UeaeUjjcba-t Teutouiu and the San Francisco
Maenner-cnor lire respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DA Y (Thursday), nt 2 o'clock
1 p. * from .his late : residence, -302.- Fell street,
' near Gough. interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
INCKKHOLL— In this city. July " 20, 1 898, Mary
Jesus Gurra, beloved wife or James . Imrersoll, a
native of Lematchi, Chil», Soutn America, aged
80 years 10 months and 3 days. -, ■ *—...-'
' 4~*TFrl4nn.i aril acquaintance* aro riioi)"',.
fully invited to attend the. funeral .THIS DAY
(Thursdav),at 7:45 o'clock a.m., from her late resi-
dence. 436 Twenty-ninth street, thence to De
Guadalupe Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrate 1 for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a", m. Inter-
ment Holy CiOii Ceme:ery. '.,. .
JOHNSON— In Sacramento, Cal., July 22. 1896,
■ Richard, beloved Brother of John and Nellie
.'Johnson of san Francnoo and Thomas and Mary
Johnson of Lowell, Mass., ' a native of Dingle.
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 26 years 2 months
and 13 days. ■■:-.•■
Remains at the . parlors of J. C. O'Connor
': & Co., 767 Mission street. '•■ • [■■'- .--..
KELLY-ln this cltr, July 22; 1596, Daniel Kelly,
beloved husband of Johanna Kelly, and her of
- M. A. and Daniel Kelly, a native of Clogheen,
■ County Tlpperary, Ireland. -• :. : .. • . •
tor Friend an 1 acquaintances - are mn«r
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (Friday at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from his late resi-
dence. 8". Uingold street, thence to St. Joseph's
-C hurch, Tenth street, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
F. of A.— The officers' and members of Court
Zenith No. 21, F. of A., are h«r«b»- notified to
attend trie funeral of- our late brother, Daniel
Kelly, TO-MORROW (Friday), at 8:X0 o'clock
a. h., Instead of Thursday. July 23, ai hereto-
fore notified by postal. By order. >>«iisiiliCßMß
. FRANCIS McHARDY, Chief Ranger.
\V CHAK.I.KB E. Bklcheb,' Fin. Sec. ;.
KELLY— In this city, July 21, 1895, at her late
residence, 1135Vij Pacific street, Polly GUI Kelly,
- a native of Central America, aged 9 years 2
months and 19 days.
McGONIGLB-In this city, July 22, 1898, Frank,
beloved son of John i and the late Margaret Me-
- Gontgle,' and, brother of . Mary MCGorMxle and
Mrs. M. • Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years.
j»3*Frlen(ls and acquaintances -ant rumor-
. folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 :S0 o'clock p. m.. from bU : late
residence,' 431 TShama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ' . . .
BETIOKER— In this city, July 22. 1896, Mrs.
Sarah Thaoker R ticker, widow of the late Jacob
A. ieticicer. an tf mother of r-ophle A. and Flora
V. • Retlcker and -Mrs. J. J. Gleason, a native of
Ohio, aired 68 years and 8 months. . -
ROSENBERG— In this city, July 22. 1896, Lewis
. Ro»enberz, a native of Prussia, aged 65 years. . ,
TAYLOR— In this city," July 18, 1896, Byron Tar-
■ . lor, a native of Sheboygan, AVis., aged 53 years.
. . 07* Friends and. acquaintance ar« -r»in!,. :
' fully Invited to attend. the funeral. THIS DAY
(Thursday), at '1:30 o'clock p. * from Masonic
•ieiuple. corner Post and . Montgomery - streets,
under the auspices of Occidental Lodge No. 22,
F. and A. M. - Interment Masonic Cemetery. \
TURNEY— In Sausallto,] July 22, 1896, John,
beloved husband of Clara Turney, and father of
O. W. Turney, a native of New York, ased 89
years. "■■..-..-.■-.■'..■■■;•:•:.■. -. ■ ■
■ (9* Friends • and acquaintances are resnecv
1 fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday).' ai 1:30 o'clock Ir. m., from the par-
: lors of Pioneer Hall. '.Fourth, street, sail Fran*
. Cisco. Interment ; Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. •
WISBY— In this city . July 22, 1896,* Elisabeth
' ' Deloved wife of John Wisby, and mother of Row-
land Arthur Wlsby.'and daughter of J. J. Morris,
a native ; of ■' San Francisco, a^ed 19 years 4
months and 5 days. " '-' "' - ' ■
ter Friends ■ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOIIHOW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 111| Clay street. .interment Masonic
. Cemetery. '• • ' ■ . '. •'•' " . '
WISEMAN— In West Oakland, July 22, 1896,
' William - Wiseman, a native of Lincolnshire,
EiiL'Uuid. aged 40 years ana 6 months. .-''3MX£g
. 43* Friends anl-, acqnvnt»ne»« »r» : r»st»*jv
fully invited to : attend . the funeral ; services
TO-MORROW (Frldav). v 2 o'clock p. m., at his
late residence, 16ol"/i Eighth street, West Oak
.land- - » -'• '■: -.' " ■ ■'"' -■■'-"■-''" - •---•'■ "' ■ .
"1 McAVOY.4 GALLAGHER, I
; PIBF.CTORS 4 KXBALKHKB, ,
' SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
• •"■./>■ Telephone SOSO.-'^.-S
iJAsCMcMrafoicßYT"™"""™ "" Cras. McMknomkt:
* JAMES i McMK?iOMKI Si - SON,
UXBEBTAKERS ' AND - EMBALMEB9,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
• . ■■>-.■■.-•- Telephone No. 8864.'-' ".-•'- ;- :
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN; MATEO : COUNTY;^NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; . non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. , : office 867 Market
street, southeast corner of Sixtu.-
1516
A QUARTER OF A
MILLION DOLLARS,
Cost of the Big Outlet
Sewer on Channel
Street.
CRACKED IN TWO MONTHS
Ponderous Arch of Brick and
Masonry Shattered in
Short Order.
TAXPAYERS ARE EXCITED.
Many Officials Concur Concerning the
Danger to the City's Largest
Drain.
The exclusive information published
yesterday morning in The Cali, concern
ins the damaged condition of the big
Channel-street sewer caused a wide sensa
tion. The danger that a passenger train
might fall through the roof of the sewer,
while novel, is real. Not less than 100,000
residents of San Francisco are concerned
in having the sewer remain intact, and
that estimate is much under the real cum
ber in interest.
Investigation has brought to light facts
not hitherto made public. A letter is on
file in the office of the Superintendent of
Streets, dated July 14, in which the South
ern Pacitic Company and Mr. Culverwell,
engineer of the big corporation, were noti
fied that it was unsafe to run trains longer
above the sewer.
The danger was recocnized to be real by
County Surveyor Tilton, who went intp
the sewer and made a personal inspection.
A report has been filed with Superinten
dent Ashworth concerning the actual con
dition of the sewer. This would make
very interesting reading to the taxpayers
and citizens generally. A request was
made yesterday afternoon by a representa
tive of The Call that this report might be
furnished for publication. Mr. Donovan,
the Deputy Superintendent, regretted that
the report was not accessible. He said
that it was locked up in Mr. Ashworth's
aesk and the Superintendent is away on a
vacation.
The general and striking facts are
known. The arch of the sewer is cracked
and broken, and the structure may col
lapse when the winter storms come. No
one attributes the damage to any other
cause than the hammering upon the
sewer of trains passing over it during the
past two months.
The sewer was an expensive structure.
The cost of reproducing it could hardly be
less than the cost of original construction,
which was $151,677 28. The investment to
the City represents a considerably larger
sum than this, for the amount of $66,315 31
was paid for the filling-in of Mission Creek
and channel, this being the foundation of
the sewer. Piles were driven to the depth
of sixty feet and even more at some places
to give the structure stable footing. The
assessments against the City amounted to
$29,365. Adding all these sums together
makes it appear that the sewer stands the
community in the handsome sum total
of $247,357 50— very close to a quarter of a
million dollars.
Of course only the original cost of con
struction can be considered in estimating
the probable cost of reproduction, but the
cost to which the City was put to provide
the great outlet drain nevertheless makes
interesting reading at this time. The
structure was completed in 1877.
No explanation has been offered to ac
count for the secrecy which has obtained
at the new City Hall since the Street De
partment found the damage so serions
that it became necessary to notify the
Southern Pacific Company of the danger
to which its trains are subject while the
company's main track is permitted to re
main in its present location. The con
nection between the cracked sewer and
the passing trains being known the lia
bility of the Southern Pacific Company
for the damage might appear.
George W. Elder, who first informed tne
public of the facts, thinks that secrecy
would help the corporation to avoid any
recognition of liability on this account,
and he does not hesitate to say so. While
the Street Department evidently knew
about the damage eight days ago, Mr.
Elder knew something about it a fortnight
since, he says. Mr. Elder also told, the
railroad people when they were laying
their rails above the sewer, about two
months ago, that they would damage the
sewer.
It has been estimated by Mr. Humphreys
of the City and County Surveyor's Depart
ment that, before the track was placed
above the sewer, tne combined hammering
of trains against it amounted to 5000 tons
per diem. With the trains passing directly
above the shock has amounted to much
more. The tracK has been in place only
about two months, and that short period
has been sufficient to fracture the struc
ture which had endured twenty years.
The testimony of observers concurs that
it is not uncommon during a storm to see
the manholes pouring out great volumes
of water, clearly manifesting that the
sewer is full. Considering that the struc
ture is at the mouth 11x8 feet in di
mensions, in round numbers, the force
and trying effect of a flood speeding along
NEW TO-DAT.
TaceW
AUD
bleeding
My little boy was afflicted ■ with ''Eczema In
Rente form for a year, during which we tried
without success every known remedy. « The dis- '
order appeared on the right cheek and was of a '
blutery and bloody form.' His pillow, mornings,
would bear the' bloody imprint of the side of his
face, while it was . impossible sto prevent him
from scratching his face owing to the itching.
Advised to try Cbtioura, I bought a box. >: Th» ■
first application was made at night, and it is a
fact,- that the appearance of the affected parts
showed a noticeable improvement the next morn-
ing, and, continuing the treatment, as a result,
' my child has as fair and smooth skin as can be '
. found anywhere. . •: ' ■ . • •• - .
W. 8. NEEDHAM, Pataskala, O. <
Irtinr Cm TjtiATMXT.-W.rm bath», with
Ccticvka BOAPI ntl * «pplic»Uon§ of CrncCRA (oint-
ment), the great •kin cure, and mild do«« of Coticcba.
Kzsor.TiKT, greatest of humor cure*. ■> . r~'-, •"
- Sold throaehout the world. V l*nee," CtmcußA. 50ci
Boap, ascj JUsolvest. Me «nd «1. Pottk* D«pJl
A»» fc H «.. Co»p, Sole Propi., Bo.ton. °^" "
L ••• " How la Cure ETery Skin Due***." mall.d tnt.4
and surcharging such a receptacle can be
imagined. Probably there will be some
repairs upon the cracked arch, which is
cracked in many places, ana such repairs
will be effected before winter shall arrive.
The cost of these repairs cannot be esti
mated. The persons most excited con
cerning the sewer are the thousands of
citizens and householders to whose prem
ises the big drain is a constant necessity.
The railroad company in 1895 secured a
franchise to lay its tracks Irom a point on
its main line at the intersection of York
and Division streets and along Division to
Sixteenth, and thence across Sixteenth
along Harrison to the intersection of the
main line of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. This brings the track-laying inside
of the franchise, Division street being
also known as Channel street. The
change of tracks was brought about by
street work which caused a raise of track
amounting to five feet in this distance.
The old main line ran o*«« the Southern
Pacific Company's property until two
months ago.
The workmen who began on Tuesday to
tear down an old paint-shop and to build
a new embankment are preparing to shift
the track back to its old location. This
will cost considerable, as the fill to be
mnrle is quite heavy. The paint-shop has
beca entirely destroyed. Men employed
by the Southern Pacific Company finally
completed the demolition yesterday after
noon. The filling has also made consider
able progress.
George W. Elder, the expert of the
Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors, received many congratulations and
not a few thanks yesterday for his val
uable discovery, which was made public
as soon as he was able to verify the facts.
The public value of his services in this
important matter was fully appreciated
and was commented upon in many
quarters.
SCHULLER'S FORGERIES.
The Young Poolroom Plunger
and His Mad Extrava
gance.
One of His Victims is John C. Hughes.
The Culprit Has Dis
appeared.
Norman Schulier, who victimized At
torney John C. Hughes out of $5000, used
the names of other people in his peculiar
way of gaining wealth. Not only did he
write the signatures of Patrick and Bar
ney Murphy and their sister, Mrs. R. T.
Carroll, to his fraudulent paper, but it is
thought that there are a number of other
persons in Oakland who will hear that
Schuller could use their names also. The
sums he realized on these range from $250
to $1000, mostly maae on ninety-day
notes, which will mature about the end of
this month.
That young Schuller was burning money
at a fierce heat was well known to many
of his immediate associates. He squan
dered coin more like a demented person
than an ordinary fast spendthrift, and he
aroused their suspicions. The more dis
creet began to shun him, feeling that the
pace would end disastrously and disgrace
fully.
One of the number who began to observe
Schuller' s extravagance was Hughes, and
his investigations revealed the young fel
low's methods. Hughes bad let him have
$5000 on a note purported to be made by
Barney D. Murphy, indorsed by Patrick
W. Murphy and Mrs. Carroll. It was
dated May 6, 1896, payable in three months.
It is believed that an investigation will
reveal that Scnuller's fraudulent transac
tions will mount up to over $10,000, and
Huehes and the American Banking Com
pany, who holds the notes, will have to
bear the loss.
When Attorney Hughes first sus
pected that all was not right he ques
tioned Schuller, who readily explained.
Hughes afterward concluded to get an
other explanation from the young man,
but he had disappeared and has not yet
been arrested by the detectives.
It is thought that he had preferred to
slip away to Central America, but the ex
pose forced him to change his mind and
he is hiding in this City or near it.
Scliuller's family is one of the best
known in Alameda County, having lived
in Oakland for many years. His father is
a highly respected citizen and of sterling
principle. The young man early evinced
a deeire to hang around poolrooms and
race tracks and became an inveterate gam
bler at dice games and card-playing.
MUCH MONEY INVOLVED,
Rosine Grant's Contest of the
Will of Her Sister, Caro
line Vetter.
It Is Claimed That the Testator Was
of Unsound Mind and Acted
Under Duress.
Rosine Grant, sister of Caroline Vetter,
has filed a contest to the probate of the
will of her sister, who died in Jane, 1896.
On June 23 F. J. Vetter, who claims to be
a grandson of the deceased, filed a docu
ment purporting to be her last will and
testament, by the terms of which about
all her property was bequeathed to F. J.
Vetter.
The property in question consists of a
piece of improved real estate on Market
street, south of Sixth, and of a residence
on Fell street. When Caroline Vetter'a
will was filed it was stated that her entire
property consisted of clothing valued at
jlO. In the will, however, she disposed of
the property mentioned. It was developed
that while the will was made in 1894, in
February of this year Mrs. Vetter had
made a deed of gift to F. J. Vetter convey
ing the property to him.
The contest filed by Rosine Grant con
tains some pc culiar allegations. Mrs.
Grant resides in Stanislaus County. She
claims that Mrs. Vetter died intestate and
that she left no husbaud, fatner, mother,
or issue; that Frederick J. Vetter is not
the son of Louise Caroline Vetter and not
the grandson of decedent, but that Mrs.
Grant is her only relative.
It is alleged that the document filed for
probate is not the last will of deceased, be
cause at tr«e time it was made decedent
was not of sound or disposing mind and
was incompetent to make a will, that de
cedent then had ip mind to make other
disposition of her property; that if Caro
line Vetter signed the document hied «he
did so under menace, influence and threats
exercised and made by Frederick J. Vetter
and other parties at his instigation and
procurement.
Rosine Grant therefore prays that the
will be not admitted to probate. She has
already put in a petition asking that N.
Jacobs be appointed administrator of the
estate, which is worth about $75,000.
The Slaripoga's Departure.
The steamer Mariposa was scheduled to (ail
at 2 o'clock this afternoon for the Sandwich
islands and Australia, but her departure has
been ppetponed until 10 o'clock this evening
The delay was caused by the tardy arrival of
Eastern and European mails for the places
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1896.
"STRUGGLING FOR
MOTHER AND I"
A Song That Is Reaping
Golden Harvests for
the Newsboys.
SUBSTANTIAL CHARITY.
Tattered Dresses and Sympa
thetic Lines Which Touch
Hearts.
THE WASHBURN SISTERS' TURN
How They Came to Espouse the
Cause of the Little Street
Waifs.
The Cat,!, The Call, The Call,
Who will buy?
Roaming the street, we may not look neat,
But we struggle for mother and I.
In tattered dresses, patched in a way to
darken Joseph's coat of many colors, the
Washburn sisters nightly labor for the
cause of the newsboy. Their appeal makes
up in earnestness what it may lack in
syntax.
They are at the Orpheum now, singing
their song, selling their Calls and catch
ing the nickels and dimes which tly over
the footlights from those in tne audience
who open their pocket-books in favor of
the waifs of the street. The act is a new
one, but one which has reaped a harvest of
gold in the East, and has well started on
its charitable way on this coast. At first
it was an "act"— only an "act" — which
two lively girls brought upon the stage
and carried throuerh with all the vim and
vigor of good voices, happy dispositions
and pretty faces, but whan money began
to come over the heads of the musicians.
the idea of donating tne sums so received
to the newsboys themselves followed as a
natural result. Now the idea, once
second, has become first, and the papers
are cried and the song is sung for the
benefit of the little fellows who are so
badly in need of such substantial sympa
thy.
The song itself is the tale of a newsboy
who, torn and ragged, walks the street
and cries his wares to help the mother at
home. Its parallel can be found any
where on the sidewalks, where the passing
crowd jostle the little vender of news.
From the worn shoes to the tattered bat
the Washburn girls are true to life. Under
one arm a bundle of papers, in one hand a
few little coins, and— though the audience
does not mow it — jingling in a pocket
fitted for the purpose, more coins, the re
sult of previous nights before audiences
which have heard and appreciated. The j
"proceeds" are kept in these old pockets — I
they are the only portions of the dresses,'
guaranteed to hold together — and when j
the contents grows to the limit ifc Is turned '
over to those who will sea that the news- i
boys have the good of it. In the East one |
week netted nearly $30, all in dimes and
quarters and nickels, and the season placed
over $200 to the credit of the little street
arabs. Two hundred dollars in small
change is a lot of money, much more, it
seems, than if it were in gold. But the
newsboys got it all, and it came like the
rain in springtime.
But there is one incongruous element in
the costume of rags and patches. On the
breast of each of the sisters gleams a gold
medal. They were made from the first
money which « spontaneous appreciation
of the charity drew Irom an Eastern audi
ence, and they glitter and flash among the
rags regardless of the poverty-stricken
setting.
The "turn" will go on for the remain
der of this week, and also for next week,
or as long as the Washburns stay. It
"took" in Los Angeles, and the old pock
ets jingle merrily in consequence. The
jingle has increased ever since their ad
vent here, and by the time they leave the
newsboys will have something to show
for their stay. They Bing the song as if
they liked it. and it is no acting, for they
do liKe it, and the sonz seldom ends with
The Washburn Sistera as They Nichtlv Cry " The Call " from the Orpheum Stage.
jBffiSJByBB^^B NEW TO-DAY— GOODS- ; '..•-. -—-
?K^ "** *^~ ** --SS ~^S& mm mm -T& mm mm SJ^—^g'S 3S mm mm—^m^-~£m—~£^~—£m mm «^ — *•• ■**- m m X !
" j 1
More links in that unending chain of Bargains We close every evening,
«i which binds this store to popular favor and including Saturday, at ||
i i makes it the mecca of economical people. 6P. M. \ '
On Saie-^-The t^ sf ]^71 •£ -4- ° /T 9 CZf-4- 1
mon sau-The Kraker Manuf acturing Co.'s Stock i
I Of Made-up Goods, bought at 60c on the dollar cost of manufacturing. , 1
f ___^™< of Clearance Sale Prom Ever y„„.„„,.„, I:
■■ **-^£«^ From Evei*y Department :
[ From the Kraker .' . . - FROM THE KRAKER MANUFACTURING CO. . ''%
Manufacturing Co. __ «►. % !( *, ]!
'' ■ 9 1*, jgSik^Asl " "'
Iff iH f^ ■ The sweetest and pret- .' ifjl Wrf&lßk Pa a baby can ii;
\^^^ tiest little White • |||d S^JI be dressed like aJ'
F j iC^^f? Dresses we ever had ]&mFf§^M „ , +v is I?
ft for tots— and about the I TwJ y ]F^ : do » from the Kra ' ii
F :N l £*^<^ ; ; P rices ? Well ' imagine • sfeT/ 4^r ker Manufacturing || : .
m ' -j Hs&^U *x your want and divide '^^Ml^^^B n & • & ill
J "^Hf the value half. Go. for a few bits. || !
" I - '-?hi^ T . ' C * LI( DRESSES-Capes over shoulder, lace trimmed. Just the OQC l * r '^L>*^~^' ' '
| tningtopnt on In the morning. Made by Kraker for 50c. Sale price ....... £v — ~-33— *<^ , L
HI '-. • ..-.:..:.....■:.-...•....".-...... .Each ''» - * ff
,„„.„- _^_ . 2JI" INFANTS' MERCELLES GOWNS-Good, heavy quality; dear little designs. AQ If
' i-n*a>ts' CASHMERE COATS— Short orlong, tan or am: embroidered © 1.00 Kraker made these for 756. Sale price ...........; ttOC . |
cape and bottom. Kramer made these lor $2. Sale price one-hall value at «Jpl ...... ......'...... ..... :....."..; : Each,
■ • J"ach KtBBiWW)B<BBWMWt>itWI»WMw»Bt»<Bfe..t " i ''-S!SS!WHSSBBIOCSBBWtfW&3y""™v I i
Iff ivp.v™ „ ............ .-:•■ '"' - . . . LADIES' - MUSLIN DRAWERS-Made of heavy muslin. These were made to 9^C ff
1A V, Ts CASHMERE COATS— Short or lone, in cream or, tan; prettily rjr-Q- sell at 40c. Clearance Sale price.....:.... .............;... AO ■ T
II . trimmed and dalntUy made. X rater $150. Ha1e........... ;10 ' ...................................:..................... ;.........;.......- Each
Wtvpiv™« „ "'*""'' ? ••••— rvv ." Each LADIES' MUSLIN GOWSS-Tncked and embroidered trimmed yokes, hi»h CQC ,1 ' ■
f inp»v™ o^ m . LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS-Tucked and embroidered trimmed yokes, high £QC SZ
1 l A » T? SHORT. CLOTH CAPES— Tan and brown checks. Made this year ©1 .50 necks and sailor collars. Kraker made these to sell at *1. Sale price........ D*7 . V
j py Kraker to sell at f 3 50. Our sale price...... .........:...... .....v'tjpl •••• ...; .;.... Each
i ." Each i L
■• ;■"':. . —•••••-...... . ■-. . INFANTS' WHITE CAMBRIC DRESSES— Embroidery trimmed yoke, full OCO •■•
; — • sleeves. Kraker made these to sell at 50c' Sale price..'....' r. •. 40-.-;\ f
_ ,■■ ■■ ~ ~ ~~ ~ — ... A . ....:...... r. ..;; Each, TT
jj VALUES IN WOOLENS AND SILKS. . ; : - " - §:
i I TO A SL^«ATOITCBioTI-26jj-.:. > -rcC DRAPERY SILKS-SI inch. pr*t- ore " . ' ii
„ »jw-surA." k% a.»rr=x- E CLEARANCE SALE PRICES IN COTTONS. .: W ■
J k __;_ •'•'••■- • ■ BLACK BROCADED TAFFETA— . •
A■ TO CLOSE AT ONCE LOT 2-40 c OCC regular 75c kiud ; a good quHl- aCC ISiCTBBHBBBI^B ' i \
I I • iancy Check Cheviot Suiting. ; £O ity silk in large ana small de- 40 . FLANNELETTES- It is .' a good AC CRINKLED SEERSUCKERS— 27 CC M
»7 inches wide. . Closing- price ; Yard signs. Clearance price........... Yard quality and that's enough tt inches- wide: down from 10c. O ]]
. • ' '■-'' rrr — - ............;...................... Yard • For Clearance 5a1e..:............ Yard
•f. TO CLOSE AT ONCE LOT 3- A i; --- : * VJ £ on^Tan^l 1-' BLEACHED SHEETING - B*4 1 OIC BLEACHED TABLEDAMASK- , KAcii
I line of 44-inch All- Wool French- OQC satin and gros-gramgrounds. all rrco full width; reduced, from 17c I^2 66 inoho* wide; extra grade. OU <f
ii S^BS-£ 'ir Ol^^ I 5" Clearance price.^.,. Yard Price for clearance^... .f!^.. Yard
•§ •■■■•- -■ - - ard COTTON CHALuIK— and A lC ' APRON GINGHAM— In blue and y|C-if
— . dark colors: down from 6Vic 12 \ brown checks; down from 614 c. ■' f
1 ' _,__ . .- . .-. for Clearance Sale ........'...... ' Yard For Clearance 5a1e.......; Yard :
I SPECIAL PRICED IN NOTIONS. ==^ = _ j:
I LADIES' CHEMISETTES- White I GERMAN KNITTING YARN-A ■ ffISBBBSSBA
tt S3Sffl32» 12: Sfe*^@ IS • DUCK SUITS FROM KRAKER STOCK ij I;
,j , SHELF. PAPER— 24 sheets in a : — '• '■ ! — - i
j package: enougn for a pantry in . OIC MOMIE LINEN BUREAU ... „„ mm? crriT<s_Tn t»n« 82 50 " nnCK sniTS srr»tor
. eseip^^ s^iiii^23- w sS^HirS-$i- si- :
„ DRESDEN RIBBON-Plenty of colors; ance ---^-- : -..-.. Each er's hands. Saleprice...-..-., Each designs.-. ._. ;: , Each i ,
!I! i°in^h e Ja£i T <f ii^F'ik ■",■•' *"ANCY MESH VEILING- A full ', '*3 60 DUCK- SUITS-In blazer is 2 00 DUCK SUITS-In tans and f
vi,?\.£. / ' 25c ard « ; ". assortment of colors and pat- no and box effects, a beautiful f1g0.25 : blue mixtures; Kraker made ml. 85
•1 4 1 4'fe 4^'in^h lS 10 85c yard terns. To close the lot we of- ; O suit; KraKer made these. Sale xfoZ— these a specialty this year in <fi>l I
I 4to 41/4 inch, lie to yard. lerat Yard . price. Each cut and finish. Sale price...... Each. I 1
j j .%-j" ■ • —■ ; — — — _— ' -»~>t»<^«?— : : ■ .
|U wj a w w-^ j-^ -^ —^ (INCORPORATED). | ,
S nALb lsl<OlS. 937 to 945 Market St. j
out the clink of coin accompanying the
closing refrain:
"Koamlng the street, we may not look neat,
But we struggle for mother and I."
CALIFORNIA FOOD FISH.
The Commission Will Make a Fine
Exhibit at the 1 air.
The California Fish Commissioners are
making active preparations for a splendid
exhibit of fresh water fish at the Me
chanics' Institute and home industry ex
position. The fish exhibit will occupy a
large part of the south side of the build
ing. There will be nine aquaria, each
9x3x4 feet in dimensions. In these will be
specimens of all the native California fresh
water trout, comprising the rainbow,
Tahoe steelhead and the wonderful golden
trout from the streams of Mount Whitney.
Besides these all the imported varieties
of trout will be exhibited, the Eastern
brook trout, the Loch Lir*en from Scot
| land and the brown or Yon Behr trout
from Germany. Besides these there will
be the large or , big month black bass,
pickerel,' yellow, perch, green sunfish, "War- !
mouth bass, Golden pond ' shiner, Sacra
mento River perch and : probably striped
bass.
L One of the most attractive features of the
exhibit will be a batcher twenty-three feet
long, and ; in . this ; every stage ■. of '. fish life
from the spawn to ' the r full-grown article '
of food will be seen. This 1 vhibit will be j
entirely, of salmon. It was Deputy Bab- I
cock's . desire to . have an exhibit of salt-' j
water fish, hut the expense will be larger I
than the commission can stand, and out- '
aiders are not disposed to ' advance money '
for such a purpose. .'•...'
* • * .
A Sudden Death.
George O'Nell. up to a few days ago an in- '
mate of the Ukiah Insane Asylum, was found
I dead in the rear of a saloon, 423 Bugh street,
last evening. The Coroner was notified and
the body was removed to the Morgue. It is
presumed that death resulted from heart dis
ease.
GUT
SPECIALS FOR ONE WEEK:
FANCY EASTERN 8AC0N.... 191^
» Regularly 18c. -. J-^2\>
H-0 OATMEAL : : . . . . .... .*. . . pkg. 1(\
Regularly 15c lUU
J. BAUMGARDNER'S OLD RYE oh/»
WHISKY . . . . ....... .-: ... quart t/UC
Regularly $1.50.- " :
ECLIPSE CHAMPAGNE pint I tA rt
Regularly 75c. . : OXjKj
LOUIT'S FRENCH MUSTARD 1Z o
......;.....:..:...;;. ;...... bot. ±Ol>
, Regularly 20c. :
BLACK CUT OLIVES 1..... qt jar AA o
; . Old Spanish style," .very delicious. jfcv/v5
ALL GOODS STRICTLY FIRST-CLASS.
RATHJEN BROS.,
21 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
WRITE FOR JULY CATALOQUE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5533.
Will Stand Every Test.
___
Manufactured by a concern
of over ;30 years' standing : and ;
6 years of bicycle manufacture.
Smartest! .:. Swiftest!
Strongest!
But you can't know all its merits j
until you see it or send for
catalogue. _____
HOLBROOR, MERRILL & STETSON, ;
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale St»., •- 233 J Street, ■
SAN FRANCIS CO. ; SACRAMENTO.
1 1 1 i i i \J Syf'l\\ ii M IS
■■MIHaaSBHUaBHaGEHH&y j
«
RMUIUC'VniI Taroat, Pimples, Copperls!
BanA" IUU «^olored Spots, Aches. Old acre*.g|
Mincers In Month, Hair-Failing 1 ! Write COOIiCB :
M3EXEBT CO., »O7 Masonic Templets
KjChlcaso, HI., tor proofs of cores. Cupt-*§l
HUI. 8500,000. -Worst cases cmed? in US
Mto OS day. 100-p*jf« ftoott ***<« ' ■ fcaj
Corset—
Try One of Our
PERFECT FITTING •
or p.N : |Corsets
or ££5 Corsets
our yy^t/
4-BDTTON ' /f)/
"Nitrami" /ZSv
gloves ymw
REAL KID. iljyj
SPECIAL A BIARRITZ
this \ GLOVES
WEEK I 730.
6- Button Length Chamois .'. .....!850
4- Button Kid. 4 Rows Embroidery .....$1 00
2-Clasp Kid, 4 Hows Embroidery. .'.......;...al 00
8-Button Length "Real Kid"...... ...;.;. .;.„$! 15
4- Button Length "Derby" 81 15
Bicycle Gauntlets ;';~-.Tv:TTt:r^,v.. r.7 -. .. ' 85a
■" Notk.— All Gloves guaranteed and fitted to the
hand by experts. .. : . .-■ •■
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' M ROOM
Of THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI.
OPEN UNTIL midnight.
Ba j a California ?
Dam Bitters
-lea powerful aphrodisiac and specific toma for ill*
' sezoal and I urinary I orgaas of . both I sexes, 1 anil 1 *
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and Ual-
der. A great Restorative, Invigorator and Nervine,
cells ■on its own ? Merits— no long-winded , leiu*
monlals necessary. ' "- '■* ' ■■■■- ■
•NAisjcK, Ai.rs * BRUNE,; Agents,
88 Market -5t.. . 5. ; .-CSead or ; uUoulari ;