VOLUME LXXX- NO. 33.
SUBMERGES
DEMOCRACY.
Silver's Ground Swell Is
Bearing Down Upon
Chicago.
GOLD MEN RESIST IT.
Bitter Factional War Will Be
Fought to a Finish When
New Yorkers Arrive.
THERE'LL BE NO COMPROMISE.
White.Metal Champions to Rule Even
if the Party Is Split on the
Rock of Discord.
"Th« Call's" Headquarters, 1
The Auditorium. V
; - Chicago, July 2. )
A silver ground-swell is bearing down
on Chicago. It threatens to submerge the
Democratic party and leave intact only
that portion of it that stands for the white
metal. The gold men are fighting harder
than ever, and when the reserve force from
New York reaches here by special train to
morrow afternoon this bitter factional
war will be fought to a finish on the lines
already mapped out, even if, in the lan
guage of the silent general, it takes all
summer.
There are only four days intervening be
fore the date on which the Democratic
braves of the country will gather in Na
tional conclave at the Coliseum. Up to
two weeks ago the great issue was the
platform, and the gravest point the char
acter of the currency plank. All other
questions were overshadowed. Candi
dates were not considered, the more com
plex problem being whether the conven
tion would declare for sold alone as a
monetary standard or whether it would
speak out boldly for the free coinage of
both gold and silver at the ratio of 16 to L
The developments of last week have set
tled the question. The platform of the
Democratic convention is already written.
It will declare for the free and unlimited
use of silver as money. There will be no
compromise. The silver men are masters
of the situation. They will run things
next week to suit themselves, even if the
party should forever split on the rock of i
financial discord.
The plan of certain silverites is to hold a
big caucus on Monday next. This move
ment originated with the Bland mana
gers. They believe that their candidate
would stand a better show before such a
gathering than he would in a convention
where a two-third rule governs. Governor
Stone of Missouri is pushing this proposi
tion and has the support of Governor Alt
geld and the Illinois delegation, but the ,
Wharton Barker, a Noted Philadelphia Banker and Editor of the "American,"
Who Is a Silver Candidate for the Democratic 1 residential Nomination.
Boies contingent does not take kindly to
it, and there are others who think it
would be better to have the convention as
a whole 3elect a candidate. Th*y hold
that in this way they will be able to
soothe the ruffled temperament of the
sold men, who would otherwise sulk in
the harness and probably openly rebel
against the dictation of the solid South
and West. The disposition of the Boies
people to go before the convention is
probably encouraged to some extent by
the belief that they will draw considerable
force from the Eastern States. In fact the
rumor was in circulation about the head
quarters of the different candidates to-day
that New York would in the event of not
being able to secure a gold man at the
head of the ticket throw its 72 votes for
Boies. The Bland men were very much
alarmed over this rumor and consequently
are working with renewed energy to have
the caucus plan carried into effect. It is
doubtful if the other candidates apart
from Bland would agree to such a bargain,
as they realize that their chances would
be very much better before the general
gathering.
J. W. Farras, who is the original Bland
boon>er, and also the personal representa
tive of the Missouri farmer, and who first
nominated Biand for Congress in 1872,
told me that be did not thinic the New
The San Francisco Call
York; delegation would accept Boies as
tbeir candidate any quicker than they
would Bland.
"It should be a matte? of indifference to
New York who the convention will select
as its candidate," says Mr. Farras, "since
he will stand upon a silver platform, while
the Empire State is solid for gold. Of
course, if New York has decided to throw
its seventy-two Totes for Boies, it would
give him about 140 votes on the first ballot,
and eventually he might get the nomina
tion. But I am not prepared to say that
the story is true. It came to us from an
unsolicited quarter. Anyway, we are not
worrying very much about our candidate.
He is leading in the race now, and we are
hopeful of nominating him."
It is generally believed that Altgeld has
thrown the influence of Illinois to Bland.
His many secret conferences with Gov
ernor Stone would lead the onlooker to
such a conclusion, since the former has all
along held aloof from the managers of any
particular candidate. Chairman Furgeson
of New Mexico called at the Bland head
quarters to-day and said that his delega
tion vras for the Missoarian. Alabama
was also counted to the credit of "Silver
Dick" by the young man who makes up the
returns at the headquarters. Judge W. H.
Barnes and Wiiey £. Jones, delegates
from Arizona, who had just arrived in the
city, say that the delegatiou leans toward
Bland, but any candidate will be accept
able as long as the platform declares for
silver. Judge Barnes is an old-time resi
dent of Illinois. He was appointed to the
jndgeship in Arizona under the first
Cleveland administration, and has sine*
been a resident of that Territory. Judge
Barnes is after the scalp of William C.
Whitney of New York.
"I just want to meet that fellow Whit
ney," said Judne Barnes. "I just war.t to
meet that fellow," said the Arizona Judge,
as he quaffed a few paragraphs of red
liquor in the cafe of the Auditorium
annex to-night, "and I wili make him
swallow his insulting language about the
South and the West combining to repudi
ate the National debt. I want to tell him
to his teeth that the people of tl-.e South
Continued on Fifth Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 3, 1896.
THE DEMOCRATIC SCRIMMAGE— ANYBODY'S BALL.
WILL NOT SUPPORT
MAJOR M'KINLEY.
Most Sensational Manifesto
Issued by Minnesota
Republicans.
THEY CRY FOR SILVER.
View With Alarm Attempts to
Fasten Upon the Nation a
Single Standard.
PUT FAITH IN BIMETALLISM.
Claim That the Fundamental Doctrine
of the Party Was Repudiated at
St. Louis.
8T. PAUU Minw,, Jnly 2.— The most
sensational manifesto in Minnesota's his
tory was that issued this afternoon by the
silver Republicans, who refuse to support
McKinley for President, dough for Gov
ernor or any of the Republican candidates
for Congress. The prominence of the men
signing it attracts widespread attention.
Among them are Lieutenant -Governor
Frank Q. Day, Congressman Charles A.
Towne, ex-Coagressman John Lind, State
Senators Morgan, San born, Howard and
Smith. The address is issued to the Re
publicans of Minnesota and says:
The greatest Issue which has arisen In this
country since the abolition of slavery now con
fronts the American people. The common poo-
Senator leorgc Giabam Vest of Mi- souri, Who Will Labor for Silver in the
Councils of liis Party at Chicago.
pie have viewed with increasing alarm the
effort of a foreign money aristocracy to fasten
upon this Nation the single gold standard of
value. In the past they turned with the in
spiration of faith to the Republican party for
protection against that power which seeks to
strike down one-half the redemption money
of the world that the other half may purchase
double the amount of products of toil.
They had' a rich t to expect such protection.
From. the day: of the ■ party's ivlrth until the
present time no article of KftpuiJiican - faith
has been more pronounced tnnn the belief In
bimetallism. , It has been written in its plat
forms and taught by all Its great leaders.,. In
the National Convention in 1868 it con
demned "the policy of the Democratic admin
istration in its efforts to demonetize silver." ' ■
In 1892, in its platform adopted at Minne
apolis, it declared in favor of icolci and silver
as standard money. In 1894 the Republican
party of Minnesota reaffirmed Its belief in
bimetallism.
The action of the National Republican Con
vention at St. Lonis has repudiated a funda
mental doctrine oi our party, t'ne single gold
standard has been indorsed. The Republican
party no longer stands for both <?old andsUver
as primary money, but for sold only. We can
not accept the new faith and vro will hold
steadfastly to the old. The policy of gold
monometallism means prolonged and intensi
fied depression ; an endless and hopeless era of
falling prices for our farmers and other pro
ducers; continued uncertainty of employ
ment lor our womingmen, with lessening
wages following the fall in prices of the prod
ucts of labor; discouragement of all enter
pri-vs and in tne end universal bankruptcy
and gravitation of all money into the hands
of money brokers.
Everyfman who places country above party
and whose sympathies are with the producers
as aj-ainst the money brokers and bondholders
o»ves a duty to his conscience aad to his coun
try which can only be discharged by putting
forth every effort in his power that the slight
of the single gold standard may not be fast
ened upon this people.
England's Sugar Srunty.
LONDON, Esq., July 2.— ln the House
of Commons to-day Rizht Hon. George
N. Curzon, .Parliamentary Secretary for
Foreign Affairs, stated in a reply to a ques
tion by Sir Charles Vincent that the Gov
ernment was not disposed to take the in
itiative steps toward the abolition of the
sugar bounty system.
Action on the Land Bill.
LONDON, Eng., July 2.- The Irish land
bill passed its third reading in the House
of Commons to-day by a vote of 292 to 140.
ON THE WAY TO
THE CONVENTION.
Action of the California
Delegation on the
Train.
TAKING AFFAIRS EASY.
Discussion of the Platform and
Candidates Postponed for
One Day.
HARRY WISE AND THE TARIFF
Congressman Maguire Says Tarpey
and Dwyer Are Talked Of for
National Ccmmitteeman.
WELLS. Nev., July 2.— This has been a
quiet day with the delegation. The dis
cussion of platform and candidates was
postponed by common consent until to
morrow. The chairmanship of the dele
gation, National Committeemen and com
mittee assignments will not be considered
until we reach Chicago. Tarpey and Dwyer
are most talked of for member of the Na
tional Committee.
Harry Wise is trying hard to convince
us that a tariff on raw wool should be
made a part of the Democratic platform,
but we persist in loosing at the question
from the standpoint of the people who
wear woolen goods. He is not discouraged,
however, and will present the matter to
the committee on platform.
Ex-Congressman Caminetti was last
night elected as a delegate to represent
the Second Congressional District, neither
Mr. Rector, the delegate, nor Mr. Dono
hue, the alternate, being able to attend.
The Nevada delegates were expected to
meet us at Reno, but they left for Chicago
on another train. The trip is hot and
dusty. James G. Maguire.
BLUE KIVER FLOOD.
One Person Drourned and a Large dum-
ber . Made Homeless.
BEATRICE, Nkbb., July 2.— The Blue
River, as a result ot the heavy rainfall of
yesterday morning, has reached the dan
ger stage, and is within a foot of the high
water mark of 1892. Residents of the west
side were obliged to vacate their homes,
and during the night men in boats were at
work rescuing those who could not get
away. Dana Slee.th was drowned. This is
the only fatality so far as known.
At Wymore twenty-five families are
homeless, water surrounding their houses,
which are flooded. The water is thought
to be receding, and train service to the
north, which was abandoned last night,
will be soon resumed. In the farming
districts crops are submerged and some
livestock drowned.
Hilkfbarre Men Discourage*.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., July 2.— Affairs
at the Twin shaft this morning were no
better. The shift that went down at 2
a- m. returned to the surface at 9 o'clock
and reported very little progress. Not
over forty feet of debris was moved since
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. All hope
cf finding any of th c men alive is gone.
GOLD DEMOCRATS DRIVEN OUT
Beaten at Chicago They
Will Not Support the
Silver Nominee.
DETERMINED TO UNITE AND
VOTE FOR McKINLEY.
Bland Not Conservative Enough to
Please the Desperate Federal
Brigade.
ALTGELD WILL NOT BE CHAIRMAM OF
THE CONVENTION.
The Illinois Governor and Dictator of the
Solid Silver Element Induced to Curb
His Ambitions Because of a
Rabid Record.
No new or startling developments have been noted up to midnight in the
political situation. Boss Altgeld has given ordera that the work of the conven
tion shall be rushed through in one day if possible. He fears that delay may give
the enemy time to muddle the financial issue, and aa this is a silver convention,
with no Democratic principles to be reaffirmed or pointed to with pride, the job
might as well be done with one sweep of the knife.
In view of the scandal which might be caused by the selection of Altgeld v
chairman of the convention, the Governor of Illinois has accedVd to the request of
the Governor of Missouri and has withdrawn. He will content himself on the
floor of the convention in directing the plans laid by him and hi* friends.
The gold men are to be assisted by Federal officials from Washington, and If
they cannot succeed in nominating a inure conservative man than Blnnd they will
vote for the Republican candidate. JOHN PAUL COSGRAVK.
"Thb Caix's" Heatjqpabtebs, )
The Auditorium, >
Chicago, July 2.)
The Democratic party is like the hero in a
political opera bouff c. The old Greek adage,
"Whom the gods wish to destroy they first
make mad," needs an addition in their
case of the word ludicrous. The Democ
racy is not only mad, but even funny. In
the desperate straits to which it has been
driven it has cut loose from its old-time
moorings and is drifting on the silver seas
toward breakers in the misty unknown.
Democratic principles have vanished from
discussion. They appear neither on the
stage nor behind the scenes.
In fact, it has ceased to be a Democratic
convention. It is a convention of siiver
ites pure and simple. An old-time Demo
crat surveyed the crowd in the Palmer
House to-day, listened to the extempo
raneous debates, looked up and down and
around the room as though he had missed
something, and, turning to a bystander,
inquired with a bewildered air: "Where
is the Democratic party? I don't see any
body here but silver men and Populists
and cranks. I thought tie silver men and
Populists were going to meet in St. Louis
on July 22." Then the old man, shaking
his bead and squirting some tobacco juice
on the boot of a gentleman trotn North
Carolina, walked out of the hotel. No
wonder that the old man felt lost in that
crowd.
While the vase has been shattered, the
scent of Democracy does not hang around
it still by any means. It is apparent now,
and it is not contradicted, that the silver
men have captured the National Demo
cratic organization, and that they propose
to conduct it in their own interests with
out reference to those principles which
made the Democracy one of the stable
parties of this great Nation.
Anarchist Altgeld raised the black flag
with the death-head and croas-bones this
morning in Springfield, to which place he
had gone after having laid the mines and
set the electric wires with Governor Stone
of Missouri for the destruction of the
Democratic party and the resurrection
from its ashes of a silver phenix. The
Governor said that the silver men wanted
a one-day convention, and that he was of
the opinion that a one-day convention
would be all that would be required to ex
plode the mine. He and his friends did
not wish to take the risk of a delay, ad
vantage of which might be taken by the
gold men to muddle the platform and to
hamper trie adoption of an out-and-out 16
to 1 free-coinage plank.
This is a sufficient intimation to all par
ties concerned that the silver programme
has been completed, and that the work of
the convention will be rushed through in
one or two days at most. There was only
one erasure on the slate as originally pre
pared by Altgeld and Stone, and that was
the wiping out of Aitgeld's name as chair
man of the convention. It was found that
Aitgeld's record was so loud that the De
mocracy or the new party to which it has
given birth would not be able to run a
good race with Altgeld astride of its neck.
The leading Democrats, many of whom
were personal Iriends of the Governor of
Illinois, called upon him and succeeded in
persuading him to relinquish the honor?
of the chairmanship. This was a very
difficult task, and the gentlemen who
accomplished the feat are being warmly
complimented upon their success, for it is
easier to pet to heaven than to persuade
Altgeld to change his mind or to be politi
cally decent. The saying is abroad that if
Governor Altgeld saw anything to dis
please him in the appearance of Peter he
would hurl defiance into the teeth of the
venerable doorkeeper and would go around
the back way and climb over the wall.
The men who are in the minority —
those who are opposed to the free coinage
of silver— have given up all hope and are
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
"THE CALL'S" HKA DQTT ARTERB, >
THE AUDITORIUM, 5
CHICAGO, 111 , July 3. )
now sharpening their knives upon the
grindstone of revenge. They declare sub
rosa that if they cannot win the fight they
will do everything possible to prevent the
silver cause from triumphing next No
vember. It is understood that they would
be favorable to the nomination of Vice-
President Stevenson for the Presidency
because it is said that his veto could be re
lied upon to stand between the gold men
and their enemies. In the contingency
that they should not be able to procure
the nomination of Mr. Stevenson or some
other candidate equally acceptable to
them they will do all in their power to
prevent any re-enforcements from joining
the Democratic party, and with this end
in view their agents have been already at
work among the Populists for the purpose
of preventing any fusion between the two
parties.
Teller of Colorado would be acceptable
to the Populists because he would not be
in the camp of either of the two great
parties. But the gold men have taken
pains to insure the defeat of Teller before
this convention, and this was not a hard
matter to accomplish, because the argu
ment "to the Democrats belong the spoils"
has apnealed irresistibly to the great bulk
of delegates out of a political job.
A straight Democrat will be nominated,
and there is every indication to believe
that one will be silver Dick Bland of Mis
souri. In that event the Populists will
put up Teller of Colorado, and in this
they will be assisted by the gold men, or
they will nominate some well-known Pop
ulist. The gold men prefer that Teller
should be the nominee, because he would
be able more successfully to divide the
silver vote than any other man now above
the political horizon. Even if a Populist
should be chosen as the standard- bearer
of the third party he wonld swing away
from the Democracy the vote of the Pop
ulists who are committed in their national
platform to bimetallism.
In either event the ranks of the silver
iti-s will be wedged in two. As the canse
now stands it is simply a matter of the
supremacy of brains and superior organi
zation. The gold men having succeeded
in dividing the enemy according to the
ancient rule of war, "divide and conquer,"
will throw their influence for McKinley
and protection and will join the conser
vative sound-money army now marching
under the banner of Republicanism to vic
tory and to the prosperity of every man,
woman and child in the Nation. Presi
dent Cleveland, the head of the Demo
cratic party next to Governor Altgeld and
the logical exponent of its so-called glor
ious principles, has not yet spoken his
mind as to the beauty of Democracy in
tnis its most trying hour since the stormy
days of 1860. He has gone into ambush
at Gray Gables and will appear upon the
scene of public life as soon as the smoke
of the convention has been blown away
Take
Take the best np|_^ D/^*-»4-
-when you bny £ *\Q OSSX
Medicine. Do
not experiment. Take no substitute that
may be " offered : for ; Hood's \ Sarsaparilla,
whether old or new. . Hood's Sarsaparilla
possesses curative power unknown to any
other medicine."
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Unnri'c Pilk are the only P ills to take
11000 0 MHO with Hood's Saraparilla. .2
Hugh Wallace of the State of Washington. Spoken Of as Temporary Chairman
of the Democratic -National Convention.
from the Coliseum by the breezes of Lake !
Michigan. . i
He will, however, be well represented in '
the convention by his appointees and
friends in the Federal departments in
Washington, some of whom are here al- J .
ready, and the remainder of whom are ex- :
pected here by Sunday. They will assist i
the cold men in whatever proßrarnme
they may adopt. It is now understood ,
that the gold men, even if they do not !
formally ana pubhely bolt the convention, |
will desert tbe Democracy, and will unite !
their fortunes for weal or for woe with the '
Republican party, which is marching for- '
ward in line of battle with banners proudly
waving and with a solid front.
A story has been afloat for two or three
days to the effect that Eastern men will
allow the National Committee to ttame a
conservative silver man for temporary !
chairman. There is no truth whatever in j
this report. The convention will not to!- j
erale for any of its officers from chairman
to doorkeeper any man wbo is not and |
wbo bas not been a stanch, outspoken ad- j
vocate of their cause, nor will the conven
tion consult the wishes of tim minority in
any manner regarding its organization or
its work.
The Inter Ocean this morning published
a very clever cartoon representing four i
tattered tramps with bedraggled roosters !
on their hats knocking at the door of the '
Coliseum for admission. The first is
labeled "Deficit" and carries in his hand
■ valise containing bonds and pawn
tickets. The second is labeled "Depres- 1
sion," and slunp by a cord over his ;
shoulder is an old oyMer-can, used as a i
growler, marked "Tariff Reform." The !
third is "Uoubt" holding by the collar a ;
tarred dog named Enterprise. The
fourth is "Disaster," carrying a bundle of
newspapers marked 'Business failures,
depreciation a;.d stock quotations, 92
cents to 0 cents."' The cartoon is sub- i
headed "The Delegates at Large. Per
haps They Won't Make Many Speeches, j
but They Will Have Front Seats and Fill
Public Eyes."
I met Jerry Driscoll here this morning,
Jerry who used to be Chris Buckley's
secretary and who during the reign of i
that gentleman in San Francisco politics •
had a monoply of poolroom and other
gambling privileges. Jerry was looking j
very well and would serve for a fire alarm
la a country town should his costume be
flaunted In the public street. Business j
did not go well with him after Mr. Buck- !
ley retired to his Livermore vineyard and |
betook himceif to the manufacture of ;
wine. So Jerry took up his residence in !
Chicago and has now the monopoly of the :
bookmaking privileges at tbe racetrack .
here, besides half a dozen poolrooms in ■
different parts of the city. Jerry told me i
that Cnicago is getting a little bit too !
slow for his ambition, and that if he could j
make the riffle he would go to New York
and capture the rscetrscks there.
Some curiosity is msnifested as to the J
manner in which the California delega- j
tion wiil receive Governor Altgeld's orders |
when they arrive bere next Sunday — that '■
is, when the delegates arrive, tbe orders '■
being already here. It is not believed by
those who know the men that United
States Senator Stephen M. Wi.iteand Con
gressman Maguire will bend the knee or
dolt tbe cap to Altgeld, and there may be
other delegations of tbe same kind, but it
is feared tbat the wires have been too well ■
set to be broken through very easily, if '
at all.
The thing which is the most solid up to '
date is the Bland boom. That is thriving. :
The Serman House interior is being hand
somely decorated with the National colors !
in honor of the California delegation, who
will make that place their headquarters.
When they shall arrive the old hotel will
buzz with life, for tbe crowd tbat is com
ing is not noted for peace «nd quiet in the ,
political arena.
Dr. D. A. Sabiakin-Ross of Yankton, j
South Dakota, arrived to-day. He is
chairman of a contesting delegation of :
eight silver men. he alleges that the ;
regular delegation of eight goid men "sent
here was selected at a fake and forged
proxy convention by Federal officers and
oth- r Clevelaud tools. He added that if
the National Committee, which will meet
at 10 o'clock next Monday morning, shall
refuse to seat bis delegation there will be a
minority report by the six silver members
of tbe committee, and that and every
other minority report wiil be submitted to
the convention and will be adopted.
The convention will not allow any gold
men to be seated, right or wrong, no mat
ter what the National Committee may do.
John Pacl Cosgrave.
CALM BEFORE THE STORM.
But the Cold Men Do Not Propose
to Surrender to Silverites
Without a Struggle.
CHICAGO, 111., July 2.— The proverbial
calm before tbe storm prevailed to-day.
Having accomplished everything possible
in advance of the arriving of a respectable
number of silver delegates on the ground,
the Democratic Bimetallic National Com
mittee and inose co-operating with it took
• rest from their labors so far as meetings
or conferences are concerned until to
morrow evening, when another round-up
of all the white metal supporters then in
Chicago will be in order.
The ranks of tue 16 to 1 advocates were
re-enforced to-day by the arrival of Dr. J.
J. Mott of Nortn Carolina and who is
chairman of the executive commitiee of
the Independent or new silver party,
formed in Washington a year ago. For
reasons which he deemed sufficient and
which he lias not explained the head of
the silverites did not take up his abode at
the Sherman Honse, wher« the silver head
quarters have been established, but in
stead chose a hotel on the same street
but a couple of blocks away. %
From here, and without consultation
with any of the silver people that pre
ceded him, he sent out an invitation ior a
conference on Saturday night of represen
tives of every party and faction favorable
to silver, including Populists, silver Demo
crats and silver Republicans. As to what
it was intended to accomplish by this con
ference Dr. Mott was reticent, but the ex
pression of sentiment among those that
flocked to his quarters during the day in
dicated a decided preference for the nomi
nation next week of such a candidate as
could be indorsed by the Silver and Popu
list conventions at St. Louis three weeks
hence upon a platform dealing with no
other issue than that of the free and un
limited coinage of silver. The executive
committee of the Independent Silver party
meets here on Saturday, and at to-morrow
night's meeting or conference of tbe Dem
ocratic Bimetallic Committee and the sil
ver delegates a committee will be ap
pointed to meet the independents with a
view toward united action.
Sentiment aniODg the silver men crys-1
tallized to-day in favor of the selection ofl
either Governor Stone of Missouri or \V.I
J. Bryan cf Nebraska as temporary chair-l
man of the convention, with Senator!
Isham Harris and Major Tovrles, secre
tary of the bimetallic committee, as per- |
maneat chairman and secretary respec
tively. The «tory was published this
afternoon that Senator Harris had been
definitely chosen as permanent chairman,
but at the headquarters in the Sherman
House the fact that no meeting had been
held to-day was cited as proof that this
was purely guesswork. Through Senator
Jones the silver men went on record to
day as opposed to the suggestion made by
members of the National Democratic Com- I
mittee that Senator David 13. Hill might ■
prove acceptable to both factions as tern- !
porary chairman. Senator Jones insisted,
that, wbile personally he bad the highest !
regard for his New York associate in th«»
Senate chamber, he couid not countenance
the idea of a supporter of the gold stand
ard presiding, even if for a short while
only, over a convention that was opposed
to his views three to one. Senator Hill,
he said, would not be acceptable to the
silver people, and consequently there was
nothing to be gained by a fuiher consider
ation of his alleged availability.
In the absence of material— in the «hape
of delegates witn votes— for the making of
deals or the winning of converts the
boomers expended their ammunition to
day on the motley crowds that invariably
invade tbe hotels on the eve of a National
Convention. Much after the fashion of toe
sideshow men at tbe circus, they took pos
session of the rotundas of the hotels and
held forth to those inclined to listen con
cerning the merits of their respective can
didates.
At one time this afternoon four distinct
booms were in process of advocacy on the
ground floor of the Palmer House, and
the cheers and yells and shouts and
ironical ejaculations of the listeners com
bined to create a din that can be as well
imagined as described. The friends of
Mr. Bland were perhaps the most active.
In addition to their headquarters at the
Palmar and tbe Auditorium annex they
opened up rooms to-day in the entresol
of tbe Sherman House, where a commit
tee lay in wait to corral such ot tbe arriv
ing delegates as might first of all seek out
the quarter* of the Democratic silver com
mittee.
Mr. Bland's friends were in high feather
to-day, and, while unable oa account of
me paucity of delegates already in sigtu
to give out any dehnite figures, insisted
that tbe prevailing sentiment in the city
and the advices w..ich they were receiving
from the octside warranted them in taking
tneir stand mat it was Bland against the
field ana with the field already giving
evidence of beiiig on tbe run. The friends
of ex-Governor Boies, however, were by no
means disheartened by the claims of the
Biand men and feil back on the argument
that it was votes rather that shouting that
made nominees.
Delegate Bre water of Creston. one of the
chiefs in the Boies bureau, and who had a
talk with Governor Aitceld just before the
latter left for Springfield last night, quoted
him as declaring tuat he had cot spoken a
word on the subject of Presidential possi
bilities; that he was no more friendly to
Biand than to Boies, and that the time
had not yet arrived when tbe Illinois dele
gation could fasten itself to any one can
didate. Out of this tbe adherenta of the
lowa man managed to extract considera
ble comfort. There was more or less talk
about tte hotels to-day concerning the
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
iioket made up of tbe two B's, Bland and
Boies; but tbe lowa people frown down
any suggestion that their candidate would
accept second place.
Vice-President Stevenson and Governor
Matthews of Indiana were also talked of
considerably for the second piece on the
ticket in tbe event of the nomination for
tbe Presidency going for Mr. Bland, and
late in the day ex-Governor Campbell of
Ohio was talked of in the same connec
tion. Not a single name of any person
hailing east of the Alloghanies was
broached, however, and as one of the sil
ver people put it, the general opinion
seemed to be that if there was an Eastern
man of National reputation who is favor
able to silver be must have taken to the,
woods before allowing his convictions to
go on record.
The friends of Governor Matthews of
Indiana and his aspirations were re
enforced to-day by the arrival of Will
English, son of the late Hon. \V. H. Eng
lish, who was a candidate for Vice-Presi
dent on the Hancock ticket of 1880. Al
though not a free silverite, Mr. English is
a warm friend of the Indiana executive
and was elected delegate at the latter's re
quest. His wealth and influence, it is
said, will be freely used id GoTernor Mat
thews' behalf.
The local sound-money Democrats be
gan to bestir themselves to-day and ar
rangements were made for a conference of
all the gold-standard delegates that may
be on the ground to-morrow night. It
will be held at the Auditorium Hotel. So
far the silver people have htld the right of
way and there has been considerable criti
cism over the failure of the Illinois sound
money committee to do anything toward
counteracting the efforts of the opposition.
For Saturday nielit there has been ar
ranged a mass-meeting in the Auditorium
prop«r and at which Senators Hill, Gray
of Delaware, Vilas of "Wisconsin, Palmer
of Illinois, ex-Secretary Whitney, ex-Gov
ernors Russell of Massachusetts and Wal
ter of Connecticut, Peck of Wisconsin,
Flower of New York, Francis of Missouri,
Hon. Robert E. Wright of Pennsylvania,
Allen McDermott of New Jersey, W. D.
Bynuru of Indiana and William S. Shee
han of New York are expected to make
short &ound-money addresses.
WILL FIGHT ALTGELD.
The New York Delegates Expect to
Take Down the Governor a
Peg or Two.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 2.— The ad
vance guard of the New York Democratic
delegates started from the Grand Central
depot at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon. They
went accompanying Mr. Whitney, and
will show the Chicago silverites the sort of
men wbo, representing New York, will
make the tight for cold at the National
Convention. Mr. Whitney's party in
cluded Senator George Gray of Delaware,
Senator J. S. Smith of New Jersey, ex-
Mayor Grant. ex-Police Commissioner J.
J. Martin. Thomas Ryan, Colonel G. B. M.
Harvey. C. C. Baldwin, Smith 11. Weed,
Walter Stanton, J. McDonald, F. H.
Dubignon, Thomas H. Reagan and S. W.
Hinkley. Senator Vest of Missouri,
Senator Jones of Nevada and Governor
Hauser of Montana were on the train, but
not of the party. Senator Hill. ex-Gov
ernor Russeil and ex-Lieuten*nt-Governor
Sheeban will ioin Mr. Whitney at Albany.
A delegation of Tammanyites saw the
train off. Mr. Whitney said that he
did not know what they could do at Chi
cago. ''There is nothing to be said now,"
he said; "ifhas all been said before. We
are going to do tbe best we can."
Senator Gray said: "I expect there will
be a silver plank in the Chicago platform,
but no one knows yet I don't think Gov
ernor AUfseld will be as big when the New
Yorkers get there as he is now."
RETORT TO A BANKER.
Delegate O'Donnell's Reply to a Re
quest That He Renounce
Silver.
DENVER. Colo.. July 2.— Hon. C. S.
Thomas, National Committeeman, leaves
on .Friday night for Chicago. As a dele
gate from Colorado he will probably go
upon the platform committee. He says
that any candidate will suit him if all
right on tbe financial question. The logic
of the political situation, he believes,
points to Governor Matthews of Indiana
as the best man, though now Biand seems
to have the best showing. He believes
Vice-President Stevenson would make
good timber.
Hon. T. J. 0 Donnell, delegate- at-larpe
from Colorado, left for Chicago to-day.
Before leaving he mailed a reply to a let
ter from N. W. Harris <fe Co., bankers,
under a recent Chicago date, urging him
to wore for a financial plank to maintain
the gold standard, giving as his reason
that tbe firm had so far invested $777,000
in Colorado, and stood ready to do more
of this when the financial question had
been settled. In his reply Mr. O'Donneil
says:
Your draft upon the principle, patriotism
and integrity of tbe Democracy must be re
fused. Reason: No authority to draw;
stranger to us; no confidence In your re
sources of ideas or political tenets. You can
not purchase the sovereign right of the peo
ple of Colorado to take that part in the gov
ernment of tbe Republic guaranteed them by
the constitution for $ TTiOOOi A duplication
of your boasted totsi investments of $110,000,
-000 in the West and South will not serve now
to swerve tbe Democracy of those sections one
iota from tbe straight path of duty. Tbe gov
ernment of this country has been left too lone
in the hands of bankers and bond-dealers. If
any additional reason were needed to justify
thelt decision It would be furnished by such
letters as yours. I leave to-night for Chicago
to assist the militant Democracy of the South
and West in preparing a declaration ot inde
t>endenc«, which shall be free coinage, 16 to 1,
regardless of any other nation on earth or
syndicate of bankers and money-lenders.
WILL INCALLS BOLT?
Kansas Repub. leans Fear He Will
Repudiate the Cold Plank in
the Platform.
TOPEKA, Kass.. July 2.— The Republi
can State League Convention, which met
here yesterday, was the smallest in point of
numbers that bas been held sinoe tbe
league's organization, less than 400 dele
gales being in attendance. Edward Madi
son of Dodge City was elected president
and Oscar Swayze of Topeka secretary for
the ensuing year. The resolutions in
dorsed tbe National platform as adopted
at St. Louis.
The evening session was addressed by
General Charles H. Grosvenor of Ohio.
Ex-Senator John J. Ingalls was in the
city most of the day, and it was expected
that he would address the convention,
but he left the city without warning and
disappointed tbe delegate*. He abso
lutely refused to define his position on the
money question, replying. "I am a Re
publican." Inealls has always been an
outspoken advocate of free coinage, and
Republican leaders fear be will repudiate
the goid plank of the party platform.
Close to the HfMerre.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July Gold
withdrawals to-day amounted to . $101,500,
leaving the cold reserve at the close of to
day's business at $101,320,373.
FOR BLAND
AND BOIES,
Peculiar Stories Afloat Con
cerning the Two
Candidates.
WHAT STONE DID SAY.
Reports That Gold-Standard Men
Favor the lowan Are
Denied.
BOOMERS BY THE THOUSAND.
Chicago to Be Invaded and Kept in
Turmoil By the Supporters
of Aspirants.
CHICAGO, lib, July 2.— The story was
carried to the Boies headquarters during
the afternoon by newspaper and other
visitors that Governor Stone had made a
formal statement for publication, insinuat
ing that the lowa candidate was asking
favors from tbe Eastern gold delegates
and countiug on their votes, and that, j
therefore, tie was not a safe man for the
radical free-silver following to rally round.
What the Missouri Governor did say, in I
connection with his statement making ,
plain tbe friendly position of Bland toward
laboring men, was this:
"I have heard the report that tbe East
ern gold standard delegates were tending
toward Governor Boies, but I know noth
ing as to its truth. Mr. Bland's stand is
the personification of the free-coinage idea, '
and it is utterly impossible in the very
natr.ro of things that there should be an
aliiance between him and the single
gold-standard people. If he is nomi
nated he will be nominated by the
votes of delegates elected as Irre-eilver
coinage men. I am sure Mr. Bland's
nomination would be opposed to tbe ut
most and bis defeat sougtit by every
means possible by the gold power. The j
States represented here by single eold
standard delegations will not probably
cast a single electoral vote for the nomi
nee of the convention. If Mr. Bland is
nominated it will be by the delegates from
the States whose electoral votes must be re
lied on for success at tue polls."
GL A. Walsh, secretary of the lowa State
Committee and chief of the Boies forces in
tbe temporary absence of Captain Evans,
who has gone to lowa to bring down a '
host of Boies people, said when he heard !
the report that Governor Stone nad at
tacked Mr. Boies covertly as the gold \
men's choice that he would not believe
any such story until he nad seen it in |
black aud white. To a reporter Mr. Walsh '
added :
''I have reason to feel convinced that
Governor Stejie is too much of a friend of
Mr. Boies to attack him. I could show
you documentary evidence of this fact.
We have also received at our headquarters
here from Southern Democrats of promi
nence, delegates and others, letters which
show that Mr. Biand will not get all the
Souttieru votes claimed for him by his
shouting and sanguiue boomers here.
These writers say that lowa's Governor is
tbe logical candidate of such a convention
as this will be; but while the delegates do
not commit themselves as to voting lor
Horace Boies, it is plain that they are not
bound by any Bland pledge."
"Will you make any estimate of the vote
for Mr. Boies by States?"
"There will be no Boies figures given
out here officially, because it is idle work
at present to do so, and we do not want to
appear ridiculous ot boastful, while not
afraid to make comparisons. The votes
claimed for Mr. Bland are mainly in the
air. Why, the delegations, with a few ex
ceptions, are not here and have not been
polled as to candidate?. When it comes
to vote-getting we wiil show our rivals
what the Boies boom is like. We have
established one headquarters for the pub
lic. When our little army gets here from
every lowa crossroads then you will hear
more about Boies."
Telegrams were received to-day by Ser
geant-at-Arms Butler of the lowa delega
tion and headquarters that 1000 Boies men
would leave Ottumwafrom that section of
the Slate Sunday morning and arrive here
with a band at 4 o'clock. Saturday even
ing 300 more Democrats of tbe same kind
will arrive from Burlington, Mount Pleas
ant and other towns in the southeastern
part of tbe State. By Monday night tbe
lowa visitors to the convention are ex
pected to number between 8000 and 10,000.
The gold men's Illinois executive com
mittee will open new and elaborate quar
ters at the Palmer House, near the New
York parlor, and will leave nothing un
done to step into the Coliseum with a gold
delegation if there is any chance. Other
wise they will content themselves with
joining forces with the Eastern Demo
crats and worrying the silver delegates all
they can. The executive committee of
seven at a meeting this morning decided
to increase their membership to fifteen,
adding the following: Senator John M.
Palmer, Comptroller of the Currency
Eckels, ex-Congressman W. S. Forman,
ex-Judge Thomas A. Moran. Franslin
MacVeagh, ex- Mayor John & Hopkins
and Henry S. Robins.
A conspicuous addition to tbe gold forces
was ex -Governor George W. Peck of Wis
consin, who arrived at the Palmer House
and talked with every gold advocate of in
fluence. To The United Press the Gov
ernor said:
"I came from Milwaukee to look after
the opening of the Wisconsin headquar
ters. We are coming here with our gold
ideas solidly fixed to join tbe Democratic
proce-sion. It lakes gold to keep silver
moving, you know. Tbe Wisconsin dele
gation will abide by the will of tbe major
ity, as Democrats usually do, but we are
none the less gold tighter*."
General Bragg will be here next Monday
and the remainder of the Wisconsin dele
gation will arrive Sunday.
Chairman Harrity of the National Com
mittee talked privately in the Palmer
House headquarters and at the Wellington
Hotel, where he is registered, with a large
number of potiticians, gold and silver, and
he was in tbe greatest demand among ail
the famous Democrats in Chicago because
he was recocnized as the leader of th-e gold
forces until tbe arrival of Mr. Whitney to
morrow afternoon.
Ben T. Cable, tbe gold advocate from
Illinois en the National Committee, ax
rived from Virginia in time to get into
conference with Mr. Harrity on the tem
porary organization. Neither of them
would say who was his choice for chair
man pro tern. The New York leaders are
expected to settle that question and the
National Committee will agree with its
gold majority. That there is going to be
a gold standard chairman presented by
the committee is considered certain. On
this line Chairman Harrity said to The
United Press tbis afternoon:
"I don't think they can turn down the
:emporary chairman elected by the Na
tional Committee. I don't believe the
two-thirds rule will be abrogated by the
convention. It will not be considered by
the commitiee. That remains for the
rules committee to pass upon. Our fight
will be made on the platform, and we will
io the best we can. The contests will be
decided in the usual manner, but there
ire not enough of them to make a fuss
about."
There will be no meeting of the Na
tional sub-committee until the neon hour
Monday, when the full committee con
venes. When Secretary of State Hinrich
sen, the Illinois silver leader, in the ab
sence of Governor Altgeld, was asked
about a story that the Governor haa given
promises to tbe agents of Senator Teller
he declared emphatically:
"There is absolutely no truth in that
story. In the first place Teller is not a
candidate and would not accept a nomina
tion if it were tendered him. Of course,
the boys have been working for his nomi
nation, but their action has not his ap
proval. I know that the friends of silver
all over the country and Teller's own
friends feel that the Senator could not
afford to take the nomination if it were
offered him. I know from people who are
close to him tbat be has made up his mind
that under no circumstances would he ac
cept. I know, further, that he thinks it
would be wisest to nominate someone who
is not only a pronounced silver man, but a
Democrat also."
ExCongressman Bynum of Indiana,
who has engaged quarters at the Palmer
House for the use of a gold standard dele
gation from Indianapolis, said to-day:
'The Indiana political sentiment is over
whelmingly against free silver. I don't
expect a bolt. The Indiana delegates are
not that kind, although four are opposed
to tbe silver idea; but they might vote
for an independent sound money candi
date. I look for such a convention among
the sound money Democrats, but it will
hardly be called by tbe sound money del
egates to this convention."
John R. McLean, whose name is numer
onsly mentioned for both places on the
ticket, providing either nomination falls
to tbe good fortune of Ohio, came into the
city this afternoon, and his parlors in the
Auditorium annex were quickly tilled with
friends, political and personal, and poli
ticians who wanted to exchange views of
the situation.
SILVER MEN VERY ALERT.
Furnished With Duplicates of the
Credentials of All the Del-
egates Elected.
CHICAGO, 111., July 2.— The sub-com
mittee of the National bimetallic commit-
tee held an informal meeting this morn
ing and issued a call for a meeting of tne
general committee and of all silver dele
gates on the ground to-morrow nigt.t.
The mail of the committee was unusually
heavy to-day and in it were the credentials
of some fifteen silver State delegates.
This brought about tbe development, and
which has been hitherto kept secret, that
months since the National bimetallic com
mittee laid plans by wbich it should be
furnished with signed duplicates of the
credentials of every set of silver delegates
elected to the convention from each State
and Territory. These duplicates are in
every respect a counterpart of the
original!) aud are not even indorsed a3
"duplicates," and hence may be used as
original credentials if occasion requires.
When asked for an explanation of this
Secretary Towles said :
"There are some practical politicians as
well as practical statesmen on this com- !
mittoe and we have not been overlooking ;
anything. Sometimes, you know, papers |
get mislaid and confusions and complica
tions result. Nothing of the kind will
happen so far as we are concerned. Of
every set of credentials issued to a delega
tion at large or to a district delegation we
have here its counterpart. One cannot be
told from the other. If any of our people
lose their papers we can supply the
deficiency. Moreover we know just how
these delegates are instructed and where
they are expected to stand when they get
here."
Ex-Governor J. E. Oiborn of Wyoming,
the only Democratic executive whicn that
State has haa since its admission in 1890,
and who was elected in spite of the fact
that the State went Republican on
National issues in 1592, arrived at the
Sherman House this morning. He is
chairman of tbe delegation of six chosen
by the State Convention. To a representa
tive of the United Press he said :
"Politica 1 issues have been lost sight of
in Wyoming for the time being and the
question is simply one of silver against
gold. The State will go for whoever may
be the silver fandidate. We have no
choice, but whoever is nominated by this
conrention upon a silver platform will re
ceive the electoral vote of Wyoming. For
myself I would prefer a free- silver Demo
crat, but if we cannot get one we would
tafce Senator Teller or any one, so long as
it is a free-siltier ticket and a free-silver
candidate.
The Wyoming delegation will open
headquarters at the Palmer House on
I Monday.
Among the leading silver men here to
night the sentiment is expressed that the
convention will last not longer than three
days and possibly only two. Every effort
to bring about this result as far as can be
done by perfecting arrangements to that
end in advance is now being done by con
sultations with in-coming delegates, upon
whom tbe idea is impressed.
A new name is mentioned to-night for
temporary chairman. It is that of Charles
S. Thomas of Colorado, National Commit
i teeman from that State. Mr. Thomas ia a
i silver man, of course, a man of command
ing figure, excellent voice, firm and a good
parliamentarian. Other silver men men
tioned for the place are Governor Stone
of Missouri, ex-Congressman Money of
Mississippi, ex-Speaker Crisp of Georgia
! and W. J. Brvan, editor of the Omaha
| World-Herald.
I The consensus of opinion among delegates
: seen to-night is that the silver men will
insist upon one of their creed being made
temporary chairman of the convention.
S. A. Ramsay, a leader of the gold stand
ard delegation from South Dakota, ar
rived at tbe Palmer House this morning
| from his home in Woonsoctet. The other
J seven members of the delegation will come
lin singly between now and Mouday. Mr.
I Ramsay said to a United Press reporter:
"A sound money resolution was adopted
by our convention. The silver faction
I took part in the proceedings, and after :he
resolution went through they went out
into a corner and pretended to elect a con
-1 testing delegation to Chicago. I don't
think they have any valid claim for recog
nttion by the National Committee or the
committee on credentials. Tne regular
delegates are not instructed on the finan
cial question or as to the Presidential
candidate, but they will vote for a sound
money plank, and if the silver men win,
as I suppose they will, then I and the
other delegates, I think, will vote for the
best silver man who is put up. We will
know when and where to jump, but we
don't want any Republican or ex-Republi
can silver man. We will have nothing to
do with any bolting scherae."
Tlie Bland men are counting on the
votes of South Dakota.
WILL URGE FUSION.
One County Convention of Colo-
rado Populists Shows Friendli
ness to the Democrats.
DENVER, Colo., July 2.— The County
Convention of the People's party to-day
selected delegates to the State Convention
and passed brief resolutions delaring that
the eilver issue is the most important
question and urging all people to unite
upon that issue, waiving party fealty if
necessary. The National Convention in
St. Louis is urged to make no antagonism
to the Democratic party if it shall set up a
silver candidate on a silver platform. Rev.
Myron W. Reed. Hon. Lafe Pence and
Hon. T. M. Patterson addressed the con
vention, urging a union of all Mlver forces.
Mr. Reed said : "The Republican party
must be destroyed, as it ia the chief enemy
of the human race."
Mr. Pence saw a rapid growth of the
silver sentiment in the East, but doubted
a victory unless the People's party showed
its true spirit by joining with the Demo
crats upon this issue.
Ex-Governor Waite, with two of the
officers of liis administration and a small
coterie of genuine middle-of-the-road
Populists, held a rival County Convention
and declared for the strictest party
autonomy. The delegates declare they
will contest for seats in St. Louis if denied
representation in the State Convention.
The action of the Populists of the main
convention to-day foreshadows the action
of the State Convention next Saturday,
which will urge fusion as to the electoral
ticket.
BLACKBURN WANTS IT.
The Senator's Boom Nurtured and
Fostered Awaiting the Battle's
Opening.
CHICAGO, 111., July 2.— United States
Senator Blackburn is the only delegate to
attend the convention preliminaries who
is an active Presidential candidate. His
interests are being carefully preserved and
nurtured into enthusiasm by his friend,
Phil Thompson Jr. of New York. The
two have qu:ir:ers adjoining in the Audi
torium annex and much quiet work was
done to-day. The genial Senator declines
to do any talking for publication, consid
ering his name will be presented to the
convention. The Senator's position on
the question of dispensing with the two
thirds rule is that there is no use trying to
suspend the time-boncred rule until the
necessity for sucb action presents itself
during the balloting.
By appointment Senator Dutois of the
boltiug Republican contingent called on
Senator Blackburn at his apartments and
held a secret conference in the presence of
Phil Thompson which lasted considerable
time. The Idaho Senator's visit was in
the interests of his leader, Senator Teller,
and it is presumed that the contingent
support of the Blackburn strength was
asked for the Colorado Senator. It is a
fact, confirmed by tbe admission of Sena
tor BlacKburn, that tbe South feels very
kindly toward benator Teller, especially
because of bis fight in the Senate against
tbe Lodge force bill, but among the
Southern old line Democrats, irrespective
of the money question, it would be a
difficult task to create a sentiment favor
able to voting for a man who only a few
days ago was a Republican partisan.
Colonel Thompson, as the spokesman for
the Kentucky Senator, said to a United
Press reporter this afternoon:
"Senator Blackburn will be put forward
Iby tbe Kentucky State delegation for
I President by the unanimous action of the
delegation sent there, of which he is the
head. They are instructed for him and
v,e frill remain in tlie fight to the end,
carrying it on in tbe same manner which
characterized former successful contests
in which the Senator has engaged. He
has been promised the support of several
State delegations and the individual sup
i port of some delegates from several other
States. We do not care to mention names
!or trive figures yet. Mr. Blackburn bas
been an ardent and consistent advocate of !
the free coinage of silver for twenty-two
years. His recent victory in the State
Convention on the silver issue against the
combined forces of tbe administration
snow that he is the most popular man in
Kentucky public life and a proper man to
be at the gold ring in November."
The Bland headquarters in the Audi
torium annex, Sberman House and
Palmer Hon^e were the scenes of activity
and confidential talk all day and far into
the nipht. A fourth rallying place for the
m
™""" I *™ AXE no substitute for
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
This herb remedy is home product, and
it is at the same time the best produced in
the world's market-
Joy's Sarsapari'.la has been indorsed by
the leading ladies in the country.
Brings no pimples.
Cures habitual constipation.
TESTIMONIAL
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
man: I have been subject to bilious head-
aches and constipation for several years
past— in fact, for a year or so back have
been so bad that I would have to take phy-
sics every other night or else I would have
a headache or dull, mean feeling. I have
taken one bottle of your Sarsaparilla and
I have derived great benefit from it, and
believe it to be a permanent cure for sick
headache. CH AS. ELKINGTON,
25 Locust avenue. ;
Bland shouters will be opened m a day or
two at the Auditorium in charge of Secre
tary Allen of the Bland executive com
mittee. Judge Shackelford will have'
charge of the Sherman House headquar
ters when the decorations are in shape.
Delegates White of Washington, Overrmer
Of Kansas, and Jones of Arizona, were
among the visitors at Bland headquarters
to-day to soeak of their support and that
of other delegates for the Missourian.
Stat« Senator Bailey of Indianapolis ar
rived at the Auditorium annex as the ad
vance agent of the Matthews delegation
frora that State. He said tbe delegation
was unanimous for the Governor and free
silver. Matthews criers will be here with
the delegation and a band of music Mon
day to open headquarters.
Comptroller Eckels iff keeping in the
background and does his work for the jiold
minority without beins; seen or inter
viewed to any extent. He paid his re
spects to Vice-PresideiU Stevenson at the
Palmer House and saw several members
of Vu9 National Committee after the con
ference with the bimetallic committee.
"The silver fellows are trying to disrupt
the party by attructinar every dissenting
element to our ranks and tearing the time
honored principles of Democracy into
splinters," said he. "I cannot foresee the
consequences. That two-tbirris rule should
never be abrogated and the National Com
mittee should sharply rebuke the bimetal
lic committee for presuming to dictate
the temporary organization."
BLACK PLAGER NOT FEARED.
'■the Hongkong Quarantine Removed by
the Hawaiian Authorities,
HONOLULU, Hawaii, June 25.—Attor
ney-General Smith writes from Japan that
the time of incubation of the black plague
is so short and the quarantine so thor
ough that he had removed his previous
prohibition of steerage passengers leaving
Hongkong for Honolulu.
A Portuguese writer in a daily paper
■ays that on account of this Government's
encouragement of Chinese immigration
the entire Portuguese population will soon
rise and appear in a body — men, women
and children — before the executive build
ing to denounce this course of the Gov
ernment.
, In an interview, the Portuguese Com
missioner derided the idea of any such,
disorderly action on the part of his coun
trymen.
EX-CALINUBIAN DEAD.
In 111 Health for Some Time and Grieved
After Hi* Wife.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 2.— Colonel
Joseph C. McKibbeh, ex-member of Con
gress from California, died last night at
Marshall Hall, a resort on the Potomoac
River, nearly opposite Mount ■ Vernon, of
of which be was part owner. Colonel
McKibben had not been in good health
for some time past, and the end which
came peacefully, was not unexpected. On
the 6th of last month his wife died after a
protracted illness, the immediate cause
being the result of a surgical operation.
Since that time tbe failure of Colonel Mc-
Kibben's health has been rapid.
NEW TO -DAT.
"Don't let's miss the bandwagon !"
Hip— hip— hurrah !
Hurrah for the Fourth and "freedom
forever!"
And a wee share of enthusiasm for us
— your liberators from the tailors'
exorbitant tax.
Men's All-woo! Salts, bine and black cheviots,
oasslmeres and fancy tweeds, sizes 34 to
44-.. SIO.OO
Covert Clot Top Coats, the latest shades.
Sizes 34 to 44 1.510.00
'•'■'. All-wool Pants, casslmeres and fancy tweeds
53. 50
AIX-WOOL SWEATERS 81.25
Men 8 and Boys' fedora Rats 950
■ Bicycle and Outing Goods.
T^r^l-33-3S3r^B^r^r^
Special attention to mail orders.
HURRAH
FOR THE ;
From Now on Up to JULY 4. '96, We
Will Give With Each Purchase or a
BOY'S SUIT
At Either of Our Stores, a Box of
FIREWORKS
FREE.
Composed of the fol'.owing: 3 packages Crackers,
1 Rnby Light, 1 SiparfcMne Bomb, 1 lovrer Pot, 1
lied Gem, 1 Young America Saiute, 1 Miniature
j Ked Torch, 1 Troliev Wheel. 1 Yellow Jacket, 1
j Bee Hive. 1 box Red Fire, 3 Pin Wheels. S Kue
lilgiits, i package Torpeuoes, 1 PisUh, 1 down
I pHckagcs Caps 1 Volcano, 1 Sky Rocket, 3 One-
. ball Candles, 2 pieces punk.
THE OLD I X L,
L. V. MERLE, Proprietor.
616 to 630 Kearny Street. 646 Sacra-
mento Street,, 647 and 649 Commer-
cial Street; also Branch Store, 45
and 47 Sixth Street, corner Mission.
nnilAllPfl FOR PAR3EP.S BAK-
KKimHp^^ boo:t=acfcs. t»tt»-
DnUWllkVltiojM, llihard- table*
brewers, bookbinders, candy-mskers, carmen.
■ fivers, aoarmiila, foundries, dries. ■ p*p«f»
hangars, pr.mers, painters, shoe factories, sunfr-
Ken. tar-roofers, tinners, tailors, etc
BCCHANAS BRl"*.-
Bmsh3Januf»ctarer*. tK>9s>»cramenf
oos3MEoi oxjiT i .
' Opposite C. a Xlat, 100 and . 103 FitVx si. si i
I rancisco, Cal — mo«: select family hottl la
Out city. : Board and room, SI, *1 ■* aad UMj>«
. Hay, according to room. Meals 3>» Sodas, Jj
' and 7So a day. •; JPrw coach to and from ta« kOt«L
Look, tot in* coacu bean ax laa nuna of ta* Uas>
' ■mwttun UoMk Wj£ *"Allt;V. rroposiOAMORE BLOODSHED
IN CLEVELAND,
A Striker Shot and Killed
by a Non-Union
Workman.
POLICE TO THE RESCUE.
Laborers Shielded From a Riot
ous Mob by the City's
Guardians.
MILITIAMEN PUT ON GUARD.
Disorderly Crowds of Men and Women
Beaten and Dispersed by
Policemen.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 2.— 8100 d was
again shed during the trouble at the
Brown Hoisting works this afternoon.
William Rottger was shot and instantly
killed by a non-union workman, who at
tempted to leave the works on his bicycle
and was attacked by a portion of the mob.
The police succeeded in rescuing the
shooter and were then besieged in a shop
and had great difficulty in preventing the
lynching of their prisoner. Finally a call
for troops was made and two of the four
companies under arms were hurried to
the scene. The prisoner was finally
loaded into a patrol wagon and about
7:30 to-night was locked up in the Central
police station.
The troops are on guard and there is a
sullen mob of at least 10,000 hanging
around the premises.
Shortly before the hour for Quitting
work several strikers marched up to the
Brown Works with big banners, on
which was written in large letters "Brown
Scabs."
At 4:30 o'clock the main body of the
workmen were marshaled into line and
the police force formed the usual hollow
square. Captain English gave the word,
the gates were opened and the solid body
of workmen, surrounded by 150 policemen,
with clubs in hand, marched out.
The crowd gave way and the procession
moved up Hamilton street to Case on the
way to the St Clair-street cars. The
crowd followed, as on Wednesday even
ing, yelling "'scab' 1 and making a lively
vocal demonstration. Contrary to the
Mayor's declaration, the police could not
drive back the following mob. At least
they allowed it to follow them up Hamil
ton street. The police marched to the
Fourth Precinct station, where they made
a halt. Forming two lines, they allowed
the workmen to enter the station.
All being out of the way. the police
formed again across the street. At this
moment the following party was a dense
black crowd reaching far down Wilson
avenue. Suddenly the word "Charge!"
was given. It rang out loud and clear,
aud an awful scene followed. The police
pressed forward like a shot out of a gun.
In a moment they were upon the van
guard of the crowd. The latter were dam
founded. There was a waver, and then
all turned and fled.
The batons of the police were failing
like hail on the heads of the men. The
crowd was panic - stricken. Two cars
blocked the way north of Wilson avenne,
and the men, women and children were
packed together in a tight mass, yelling
and shrieking. One part broke 3way and
ran down the Cleveland and Pittsburg
tracks, close at hand. Another went
south on Wilson avenue. Men were lying
unconscious on the street or crawling
around in a vain attempt to rise to their
feet The police, dividing into squads,
charged after each section of the crowd,
determined to inflict punishment severe
and unrelenting. This lasted for several
minutes, and then returning squads of
I'Olicemen began to gather up unconscious
men and others who were staggering
around as the result of severe blows.
Ten students of the School of Applied
Sciences have been engaged at the hoist
ing works, but there has been no dispo
sition to molest them. Each day they
have, after the police marched out the
other workmen, mounted their wheels and
gone home. This afternoon A. G. Saun
ders, aged 19, one of the boys, was
later than his companions in leaving, and
when be followed the crowd which was in
pursuit of the police ho was assailed with
cries of "scab" and stones were thrown at
him. When he had reached a point about
a block away, in front of the Bishop Iron
Works, he was struck by a stone and an
awful gash cut in his head. He fell from
his wheel, the mob shouted "Kill the
scab !" and made a rush for him.
As he lay he drew a revolver and shot
Rottger through the heart. The squad of
police left to guard the Brown works wit
nessed the shooting and charted down the
street, managing to reach Saunders, who
was again on the ground being kicked and
buffeted.
The police drew their revolvers and
managed by great effort to get the in
jured man into the office of the Bishop
Works. The rcob outside, which had
swelled to 3000, infuriated by the sight of
the dead man, how!ed "Lynch him!" and
were preparing to make a charge on the
building in which the police had taken
refuge when a re-enforcement came up,
attacked the crowd in the rear and clubbed
their way to where the imprisoned officers
wore standing off the crowd. They man
aged to keep the mob at bay until a com
pany of militia marched to the scene and
took Saunders to the Central police sta
tion.
The section of the city where the work
men live is in a state of ferment to-night,
and threats were made to burn the houses
where the men who have returned to work
live before morning. The police are on
the alert and the streets are being rigidly
ratrolled. There is also apprehension
that the trouble has only begun and that
a strike of ironworkers, embracing every
branch of that industry in Cleveland, may
come about at any moment.
The American Wire Company plant,
which has been idle for some months on
account of a lockout, has been surrounded
with a ten-foot fence, and the company
will open up n-xt week with non-union
men. If this is done more noting is cer
tain to occur.
Four companies of militia are under
arms at their respective armories and will
he used to keep the peace to-morrow. The
Brown Company is as firm as ever in its
announced intention not to recognise the
union.
After the police had escorted the work
men to the Fourth Precinct station at
Wilson and Euciid avenues, the mob,
which had followed all the way, was re-en
forced by thousands of workmen returning
from other shops, and both streets were
packed. Deputy Police Superintendent
McMahon ordered the streets cleared, and
fifty policemen, under command of Cap
tain English, were lined up.
Batons were drawn and when the order
"Charge" was given there ensued the
most terrific exhibition of clubbing that
Cleveland has ever known. The police,
who were tired from their long extra
labors, fought viciously, and soon 100 men
were either lyin<: on the ground, or crawl
ing, or being carried away. The mob
broke and soon Wilson avenue was cleared.
The police were lined up and another
charge made into Euclid avenue, where
another tierce clubbing ensued. This
seemed to break the mob's spirit, and the
crowd finally dispersed, and the workmen
who were in the station were sent to their
homes under police protection. During
the fight the police captured five of their
assailants, each of whom was in a bad
condition from the beating he had re
ceived.
William Hearn, a furniture van driver,
allowed the strikers to crowd into his
wagon, and tnen crying "Give them hell!"
drove right into the police line with nis
horses on a run. Several policemen were
knocked down betore the team was cap
tured. Hearn was dragged from the
wagon and clubbed into insensibility be
fore he could be carried into the station.
His skull was fractured and his face «nd
head cut and bruised fearfully. Steve
O'Neill was also on the wagon and has a
broken head and a broken leg.
Hermann Schaels, a blacksmith, has a
terribly cut head and was badly hurt by
being trampled on. James Fox and
Charles Cupoenbecker were each badly cut
about the head. Charges of rioting were
preferred against the five prisoners. The
mob managed to carry away all the others
who were so injured as to be unable to
walk. A conservative estimate is that
fifty men were severely injured by the
clubbicg.
Quiet at Boca.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 2.— The pres
ence of troops at Boca had a restraining
influence on affairs at the quarries there
to-day. The Sheriff, with 100 deputies
and the two companies of State troops, are
still on guard.
ALMOST A HOLOCAUST.
Narrow Escape of a Dakota
Town From Being Swept
by a Flood.
A Canal Bank Bursts and Water
Overflows the Freight Depot
of a Railroad.
EDGMONT, S. D., July 2.— Last night
the Edgmont irrigating canal bank oroke
south of town and an enormous amount
of water poured down the hill into the old
bed of the creek where the Burlington
Railroad Company has but lately erected
its freighthouse. The water rose until
within ten feet of the top of the fill, when
the ground broke through. Before the
flood, which was almost irresistible, could
be controlled it washed a hole sixty feet
long and many feet deep. The embank
ment had been inspected .on Tuesday last
and found to be in good condition, and on
the strength of this an extra amount of
water bad been turned in. The damage
to the canal is almost complete, while the
Burlington loss is very heavy.
The city escaped the flood by almost a
miracle, as owing to the pressure of water
the embankment above town proved to be
weak in one place. But for the providen
tial breaking of the embankment where it
did the town would have been flooded
with consequent loss ot life and enormous
damage. Two cloudbursts occurred to-day
near tne city and all streams are running
over.
HEATH OF GENERAL LANTON.
Jhe Confederate Commander Was Stricken
by Paralysis.
CLIFTON SPRINGS, N. V., July 2.—
General A. R. Lawton of Savannah, Ga.,
died at thft Clifton Springs sanitarium this
morning. He was stricken by paralysis
on Friday last and never rallied. He was
Colonel of, the First Regiment of Georgia
Volunteers, when in January, 1861, he
took possession of Fort Puiaski, under
State authority. At the commencement
of hostilities in the following April he re
ceived a commission as brigadier-general
in the Confederate army, and up to the
close of the rebellion was in constant mili
tary service.
After the fall of Richmond General
Lawton returned to Savannah and re
sumed the practice of law. HewasMin
ister to Austiia under the first Cleveland
administration.
DARING CHICAGO FOOTEARS.
Their fourteenth Successful Exploit Was
the Hold- Up of a Drugttore.
CHICAGO, 111., July 2. — The "Inng"
and the "short" man continued operations
here to-night and did their fourteenth job
in the line of holding up stores.
At 9:30 o'clock to-night the two men en
tered the drugstore of A. B. Lane at 1202
Wabash avenue. Going up to Walter
Kotz, one of the clerks, they covered him
with their revolvers and ordered him to
hand over the cash- The smaller of the
two men said to the clerk* "I am the
short man and am a little short of cash.
Please produce." Kotz went to the cash
drnwer and banded over between $50 and
$75 without protest. The men left and
pursued by Harry Butler, another clerk
in the store, but easily escaped, and the
police are still looking for the robbers.
Ytry Quiet Wedding at Eureka.
EUREKA, Cal., July 2.— Shortly after
noon to-day, at Christ Episcopal Church,
a very quiet wedding was solemnized by
Rev.'William Leacock. The contracting
parties were Htfwell W. Lonnsberry of
Oakland and Amy D. Soule of Eureka.
The bride is the handsome and accom
plished daughter of Banker C. P. Soule of
this city, and the groom is a rising young
business man of Oakland. After the cere
mony the happy couple left on the Po
mona for their home in Oakland.
Changes in Railway Circles.
ST. PAUL, Minn., July 2.— Horace G.
Burt was to-day appointed general man
ager of ttie Chicago, St. Paul, Minneap
olis and Omaha Railway, vice W. W. Win
ter, resigned, to take the presidency of the
Northern Pacific. Burt has been general
manager of tha Sioux City and Pacific and
the Fremont, Elk Horn and Missouri Val
ley roads. George F. Bid well succeeds
Burt on the latter line.
Confederate Veterans' Conclave.
RICHMOND, Va., July 2.— A1l the officers
of the United Confederate Veterans were
re-elected just before the adjournment last
night.
The programme to-day included a par
ade of the visiting military and laying
the cornerstone of the monument to'jef
ferson Davis in Monroe Park. It is esti
mated that 70,000 strangers are in the city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
MANY RECORDS
WILL BE BROKEN
Splendid Entry List for
Stockton's Carnival
of Sport.
OCCURS ON JULY FOURTH
Seventy - Eigfct Athletes Will
Compete in the Field
Games.
SEVERAL CHAMPIONS LISTED.
Bicycling, Foot and Hurdle Racing in
the Afternoon and Boxing
at Night.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jnly 2.— The coming
carnival of sport on the Fourth of July
promises to be the greatest event of the
kind ever held in the West. In the field
day games there are seventy-eight entries,
exclusive of the fifteen entries in the two
bicycle events, and if some records are not
lowered the knowing ones will be badly
mistaken.
Cheek, of tne Academic Athletic League,
has his heart set on lowering the coast
record for the shot put. The Olympic
Club tried its best to get him to go to Port
land, but he preferred to save his energies
for the games here, and he will give a
creditable account of himself on the after
noon of the Fourth.
Last year Robert Edgren broke the coast
record for the hammer throw at the field
day games held here, and this year he will
probably eclipse the great record he made
in his trial in San Francisco. He has
promised to lower the world's amateur
record for the 56-pound shot, and all who
know the stalwart athlete's ability in this
line do not doubt that he will do it.
Then there is the half-mile run, in
which fourteen men will start. Tom Car
keek of Stockton will lower the Coast rec
ord if he is given half a show, He is anx
ious to make a record for Stockton, and
has been training hard for the event. He
is one of the best all-round amateur ath
letes on the coast to-day and the Stockton
Athletic Association is willing to match
him with any amateur on the coast in a
catch-as-catch-can wrestling bout. He
has entered in all of the running events
except the mile and 220-yard hurdle race,
and may be depended upon to give a good
account of himself.
Cheek has entered in the pole vault and
high jump, and is expected to do some
thing phenomenal for his team.
Stanford has also some eood men en
tered. Fred Butz of the Olympic Club
has his name down for all the sprints. He
will have a rival in Wilhite of Modesto,
who is a member of the Stockton Athletic
Association and will wear the blue and
white of that club.
Excursions will be run from Sacra
mento, Antioch, Tracy, Merced, Fresno
and Modesto on the Fourth for the carni
val of sport, and Stockton will be filled
with strangers. Already accommodations
have been secured in all the leading hotels
for the visitors.
Almost as much interest centers in the
boxing tournament that is to come off at
night as in anything else. Van Buskirk
has vowed to knock Corrigan out inside
the allotted six rounds, and if condition
counts there is little doubt that he will not
do so. He is extremely anxious to win
laurels in the professional ring, and wants
to challenge Sbarkey, who will spar here
with Needham at the boxing tournament.
On that night Van Buskirk will issue a
challenge to Bharkev, and the two may be
brought together. Sharkey will be the
best man the ex-amateur cv r went up
against, but Van Buskirk is confident he
can win against the sailor in a finish fight
or in one of a sufficient number of rounds.
The big Olympian is in better trim than
he ever was in his life. As he has an ideal
place for training and is making good use
of it he should soon be a better man than
he ever was.
Tom Berry is in training at the same
place for his eight-round go with Charley
Turner. The latter has' promised to re
deem himself in the eyes of his erstwhile
Stockton admirers, and they are anxiously
waiting to see what the wreck of their
former idol can do.
One of the contests that is creating
much excitement is that between Jack
Hopkins, who once bested Solly Smith,
and Ben Maxwell, a colored pugilist.
This is scheduled to last eight rounds, but
few expect it to continue longer than six.
The lists are full for the regatta that is
to come off on the morning of the Fourth.
The great disappointment is that the
champion senior South End crew did not
keep their recent promise made to come
here and compete against the Giant crew
of Stockton. The local men offered to
pay their expenses, and to offer individual
medals, besides a trophy, for the contest.
The South Ends said that they wanted
mecials, and this point was waived. Even
then they did not enter and have only
sent a crew to go in the intermediate class.
This has caused much comment, as the
Qiants were only juniors at the £1 Campo
races.
The new barge has been fitted up and
the seniors from the Stockton Athletic
Association are ready to pull the race of
their lives. There are enough entries in
the other events to make the regatta a
great success, and the channel will be
lined on the morning of the Fourth with
thousands of spectators.
JOE PATCHEN WON EASILY.
He Beat John R. Gentry in Two Straight
Heats Paced in Fast
Time.
CHICAGO, lil., July 2.— The match
race between John R. Gentry, 2:03)4, and
Joe Patchen, 2:04, proved to be something
of a fizzle at Washington Park to-day.
Patchen drew the pole for the first Heat
and simply romped away from Gentry.
It might have been a close race to the
wire had Andrews been able to liold Gen
try on bis feet, but at the eighth pole he
broke and Patcben simply cantered in
tue easiest of winners. Gentry was greatly
distressed after the heat and when it came
to scoring with the big black fellow soon
after it was plainly Patchen's day. The
latter had a neck the better of it when the
word was gven for the second heat and he
never relinauished the lead, sroine out at
the quarter and killing off the Gentry
horse, who broke at tne eighth pole and
allowed Patchen to romp in aguin.
The other events were uneventful and
the racing mediocre. Summaries:
Horse Review stakes, consolidation purse,
$500, best two In three heats. Beatrice won.
Baby C second, Athway tnird. Best time,
2: 33»£.
Novelty trot, purse $1000, 2:26, 2:27 and
2:28 classes, Port<-r won, Packet second, La
Gratitude third. Best time, 2:17' 4 .
Clipper stakes, $ '2000, 2:12 pacers. Pearl C
won, Nydia Wilkes second, Valieau third. Best
time, 2 :08^.
Pacing match for $3000, 60 and 40 per cent,
two in three heats, Joe Patchen, 2 :o4 (J. Currr),
won; John R. Gentry, 2 :03U (W. J. Andrews),
second. Time, 2:05! £—2:06%.
2:11 trot, purse $HX)O. Pat L won, Bouncer
second, Bertie R third. Best time, 2:10 :I^.
LATONIA, Ky., July 2.— The Rippel
stakes was the feature to-day. Berclair
was favorite at Bto 5. Cuticlene won the
race in a drive from John Havlin, Berclair
finishing last. The other races were won
by second choices and outsiders. Results:
Six furlongs, Hoodwinker won. Miss Emma
second, Elsie D third. Time, 1:15 U.
Eleven-sixteenths of a mile. Irby B won,
FF V second. Grayling third. Time, 1:10.
Mile and a sixteenth, Sir Dilke won.Leonaise
second, GrannHu third. Time. l:4i)>4.
One mile, Cuticlene won, John Havlin sec
ond, Byron McClelland third. Time, 1:44.
Five furlongs, Minnie Murphy won, Thanet
second, Francis Fessler third. Time, 1:03!^.
Six furlongs, Mobalaska won. Cyclone sec
ond, Robinson third. Time, 1 :15?4.
CONEY ISLAND, N. V., July 2.—To
day's race results:
Five furlongs, Successful won, Kana H sec
ond, Nina Louise third. Time, 1:02.
One mile, Forget won. Tinge second, Deer
slayer third. Time, I:4OJ£.
Futurity course, Scottish Chieftain won,
Roderroond second, Cassopia third. Time
1:12^.
One and an eighth miles, Formal won, Gold
Crest second, Cassette third. Time, 1:56.
Six furlongs, Paladin won, Zanone second,
Agitator third. Time, 1:14.
One and three-eighths miles, Counselor
Howe won, Merry Prince second. Long Beach
third. Time. 2:23%.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 2.— To-day's race
results:
One mile. Hikok won, Shining Belle second,
Ruben Waddell third. Time, I :4Bf£.
Thirteen-sixteenths of a mile, May Thomp
son won, Braw Scot second, St AuKustiue
third. Time, 1:21,.
One mile, Haroluine won, Rhett Goode sec
ond, Hawthorne third. Time, 1 :44.
Five furlonps, Jack B B won. Dare II second,
Omaha Wood third. Time, 1:03" £.
Mile and twenty yards, Jack Bradley won,
Favorine second. Tradition third. Time, 1 :47.
Six furlongs, Neu:ral won, Dorah Wood sec
ond, Johnny McHale third. Time, 1:15%.
PEORIA, lix., July 2.— There was a
great crowd present to witness the second
day's racing of the Peoria Agricultural
and Trotting Society. The card was a
good one. Robert J will go against his
record to-morrow. Summaries:
2:14 pace, $600, unfinished fmm yesterday,
Red Fox won, Nordlca second, Cassellton
third. Best time, 2:l4'^.
2:15 trot, purse SfdoO, Elloree won, Birdie
Clay second, hnowden third. Best time, 2:l3' i.
2:24 pace, purse $600, Dora Wilkes woo.
E Baeeond. Blinkey Morgan third. Best time,
2:40 trot, purse $1000, Emma Offut won,
Olive Wood second, Black Seth third. Best
time, 2:16.
Three-year-old trot, purse $500, Hattie R
won, An;iie Allorton second, Axwood third.
Best time, 2:17%.
THE PRINCE'S HORSE BEATEN.
He Failed to Win the Princess Stake at
Newmarket.
LONDON, Esq., July 2.— lt was a glor
ious Rothschild day at Newmarket for the
big race. The purse being up was the
Princess of Wales stake of 10,000 sovereigns.
Persimmons, owned by the Prince of
Wales and winner of the Derby, was en
tered. Many of those in attendance looked
upon him as a sure winner. The know
ing ones, however, did not overlook the
fact that Regret, owned by the Duke of
Westminster, and Leopold Rothschild's
St. Frusquin was also on the cards. The
condition of the track favored Persimmons.
The three horses started well together,
and for a while it was doubtful as to the
outcome. In the stretch, however, St.
Frupquin showed up the fresher and
finished first, with Persimmons second and
Regret third. The result was not a popu
lar one, as many hoped the Prince's horse
would win the Princess stake.
i.c a a it: < ham r 1 <>> snip Games.
Chicago Manage* to Win One Out of Four
front Cleveland.
CHICAGO, 111., July 2.— Chicago won one
game in four from Cleveland by bard work in
a close and exciting finish. Everett, Thornton
and Ryan yon the game by timely batting,
while a w.id throw by Tebeau in the third,
letting in two runs and helping in another,
cut considerable figure in tne result. Score:
Chicago*, 8,13,2; Clevelands, 7,12,3. Bat
teries — Briggs and Donahue; Young and
O'Connor, umpires— Keefe aud Sheridan.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 2.— To-day was
"Irwin day," and a crowd of 6000 saw the
Reds win their eighth successive game from
St. Louis. Charley Irwin was presented with
a purse containing $I^B as a bridal present,
and each of thi: local players received a basket
of flowers as they came to bat. Peitz's home
run hit was the longest ever made on tno
home grounds. Score: Cinclnnatis, 7, 12, 1;
St. Louis, 5, 10, 4. Batteries— Farrar and
Pelts: Hart and McFarland. Umpire — Lynch.
WASHINGTON, D. ' July 2.— To-day's game
was the greatest pitchers' battle of the season.
Each team made three hits. Score: Washing,
tons, 2. 3, 4 ; Bostons, 4, 3, 4. Batteries— Mr-
James and McGuire; Nichols and Tenner.
Umpire— Hurst.
BROOKLYN, N. V., July 2.— The Brooklyns
touched up Carsey for five hits and a sacrifice
in the third inning to-day. This batting streak
virtually won the game. Score: Brooklyns,
4, 13, 1; Philadelphias, 3, 10, 1. Batteries—
Payne and Grim; Carsey and Clements. Um
pire— Emslie.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 2.—Louisville-Pitts
burg no game.
BALTIMORE, Md., July 2.— Baltimore-New
York no game.
WHIRRING WHEELS IN IOWA.
A Poor Crowd Witnessed the Rational
Circuit Bicycle Kates.
DAVENPORT, lowa, July 2.— The Na
tional circuit bicycle races were held he r e
this afternoon before the poorest attend
ance that has greeted the riders this sea
son. The track was in good condition,
but a heavy wii.d prevent'-d fast time. W.
H. Hyde of Rock Island broke the lowa
one-mile unpaceii record, 2:28, going the
mile in 2:27 3-5.
First race, amateur, one-mile open— W. H.
Hyde, Rock Island. 111., won; L. A. Weidlein,
Genesee, second; EdwHrd B. Rathbone, Chi
cago, third. Time, 2:43 2-5.
Second race, professional, one-mile open— A.
C. Mertens, St. Paul, Minn., won; Frank Wing,
Ottawa, 111., second; F. H. Allen, Syracuse, N.
V., third; Harry C. Clarke, Denver, fourth.
Time, 2 :20.
Third race, amateur, half-mile open— W. H.
Hyde, Rock Island, won; J. J. Berends, Water
loo, lowa, second; L. A. Weidlein third; O.
Stramberg, Genesee, 111., fourth. Time, 1:14.
Fourth race, professional half mile, open— J.
F. Starbuck, Marion, lowa, won; F. H. Allen,
Syracuse, N. V., se-ond; A. C. Mertens, St.
Paul, third. Time. 1:05.
Fifth race, amateur, quarter ofja mile, open—
E. 11. Btrceter, <\'d«r Rapids, lowa, won; W.
H. Hyde second; A. A. C. Walker, Moline, 111.,
third. Time, :34 3-5.
Sixth race, professional, one-mile handicap,
open— Charles Holer. St. Paul (20 yards), won;
J. A. Woodliet, Ottawa. Kans. ((>.">" yards), sec
ond; W. E. Becker, Minneapolis "(40 yards)
third. Time, 2:113 5.
Seventh race, amateur three-mile handicap
open— E. H. Streeter (120 yards) won, L. V.
Weidlein (180 yards) second, O. M. Deems. Ot
tawa (160 yards) third. Time, 7 :53.
DECLARED PROFESSIONALS.
Chairman Gideon of the L. A. W. Heed
ing Out That Organization.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 2.-Chair
man Gideon of the L. A. W. has declared
a number of riders professionals. Among
others are: W. M. Enright of Sioux City.
lowa, own request; George Packer Jr. of
Denver, Coio., own request; Charles F.
White of Denver, claute B; J. Brennan of
Colorado Spring-, Colo., cluuse B. ; Albert
E. Edwards of Pasadena, Cal., own re
quest.
The attention of riders is directed to
general rule Cof the racing rules. In de
iaultof withdrawal of entry one week be
fore date of meeting, or of a satisiactory
and conclusive explanation of failure to
compete in any of the events for which en
tered, riders become liable to suspension
v> FOURTH ¥¥Ll
>^**^ B^?^ : i ruuuiii v/r uuJji
THP^^^^^HF^^Sr/F Fireworks Free With
1 I'^^^^iJ^E^W WC Every Purchase in
DAY "^pT rf\ FDD ATP Our Juvenile Suit
UMI V*L.l-UDI\ttIL Department.
Remember,
Boys,
A Box of
Assorted
Fireworks
at Our
Expense
CONTAINING
1 Tack SJwofly Crackers.
1 Pack 40-76 Firecrack-
ers. .
10 Red Heads.
1 Paper Cap Pistol.
4 Boxes Paper Caps.
8 Roman Candles.
1 Yellow Jacket.
1 Ruby Light.
1 Pin Wheel.
1 Miniature Battery.
1 Pack Torpedoes.
1 3-Inch Serpent.
2 Extra Large Blue
Lights.
1 Grasshopper.
from the track for a period at the pleasure
of the board. Failure to pay entry fees
also renders riders liable to suspension.
WINBARD'S WINNING STREAK.
The American Horseman Won Two Races
at Xewtnarket Yesterday.
LONDON, Exg., July 2.— At Newmarket
yesterday the Plantation stakes of 5 sove
reigns each for starters, with 200 sovereigns
added for two-year-olds, was won by E-
Wishard's (American) George H. Ketcham.
Arthur Jones Shama was second and Cap
tain Machell's Pooley Bridge third.
The Sohan plate, welter handicap of 200
sovereigns, live furlongs, was won by C.
Archer's Wheatfield. B. I. Barnato's Beg
gars' Opera w as second and John Dawson's
liraw Lassie third. E. Wishard's Damsel
II was among the starters, but was not
placed.
The plate of laO sovereigns for horses
that have not won a race of the value of
200 sovereigns, or races amouting together
to 500 sovereigns, selling races excepted,
in 1895 or 1896. up to the time of closing,
one mile, was won by Mr. Wisbard's
(American) Macbriggs. P. Sneyd's Amber
ite was second and Mr. Dobeli's Tumbler
third.
Petaluma Wheelnien.
PETALUMA, Cal., July 2.— The bicycle
grounds already present an animated ap
pearance, as the crack riders are out in
force and working hard on the track,
which they pronounce a fine one. The
Rambler quad was given a trial and held
the curves in grand style at any rate of
speed.
On July 5 the Grand League of Wheel
men will take a run to the old adobe
building formerly belonging to the late
General Vallejo, which in the very early
days was used both as a fortress and
prison. It is built in the usual hollow
square of the Mexican adobes, but many
of its walls have succumbed to the ravages
of time. It occupies a commanding
position, and is about five miles from
Petaluma.
Horsethief Captured at Petaluma.
PETALUMA, Cal. July 2.— Marshal
Collins had the satisfaction of capturing,
early this morning, a man who gave his
name as G. Latet and his residence as San
Rafael, and who, the officers are sure, is
the parly who, nearly a year ago, stole a
sorrel horse and a buck board from J. Me-
Reynolds of Green Valley, and yesterday
told the outfit for $12 here. Sheriff Allen
came down from Santa Rosa on the morn
ing train and took the prisoner to the
county jail.
American College Champions.
CHICAGO, 111., July 2.— Brown Uni
versity defeated Chicago University to-day
in one of the hottest games of ball ever
seen here. Although outbatted and out
fielded Brown had all the luck and the
American college baseball championship
must co to its by virtue of winning two
outof three games. The feature of thecon
test was a phenomenal stop by Weidman
of a wild throw to first, which saved two
runs. Score: Chicagos, 5, 8, 4, Browns, 6,
4. 4. Batteries — Nichols and Jones; T.
Dunn and Long.
Royal yacht Races.
HUNTERS QUAY, Eno., July 2.— The
Royal Yacht Club regatta began to-day.
The large raters sailed over the regular
course of fifty miles. The Britannia gave
up after starting, owing to a mishap to her
topmast. The race was won by the Ailsa,
Satanita second. Caress third. The Niagara
won the race for twenty-raters, beating the
Dragon and the Penitent.
Gave a Hig Order-
LONDON, Eng., July 2.— Mr. Charles
Day Rosr 1 , owner of the racing yacht Sa
tanita, has ordered the ship-building firm
of J. G. Fay & Sons at Southampton to
build s yacht to beat the German Em
peror's new cutter Meteor, and the Prince
of Wales' yacht Britannia. The boat is to
be constructed after special designs.
4th of July
Hummer!
A. thousand pretty Reefer Suits
in blues and nobby Spring color-
ings ; jaunty, with wide braid
on collar. Also, 500 very pretty
and durable Tweed Suits, in
double-breasted style, all color-
ings, including Blue Cheviots;
stylish, up-to-date clothes, you
know, to celebrate the Fourth in.
Great Jubilee Special, at
— $2.50 —
r *■' * C-/
Short - Trouser Boys — About
400 Suits, representing small
lines, 5, 6 and 7 of a kind. They
were $8, $7 and $6 values.
They're in double-breasted Suits;
also Reefer style. They're choice,
very choice. All of the prettiest
and jauntiest colorings, made in
our own tailor shops in New
York. They're A- A- Al. Begin-
ning to-day, and while they last,
for the pick,
— $3.50—
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated) ,
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St.
HE DID NOT LIKE CUBA,
Joseph Berger Relates a Tale of
Sad Experience in the
Antilles.
Lizards for Breakfast, Bu'lets for
Dinner, Fever for Suppsr,
the Routine.
SEATTLE, WW t ash., July 2. — Joseph
Berger, a cahle and telegraph operator
who spent three months in the Cuban
army and made his escape from the island
during a Spanish attack, in which he
came near losing his life, passed through
Seattle to-day en route to Southern Cali
fornia.
His duties while in Cuba were to accom
pany a division of the insurgent army, tap
telegraph wires when the opportunity was
presented, copy dispatches as they passed
through, and thus pain knowledge of the
enemy's plans. Occasionally they held an
office for a short time and once were in
possession of the cable office at Batabano
and telegraphed glowing accounts of in
surgent victories that never occurred. In
this connection he says both sides are
doing all in their power to send out false
reports, in order to deceive outsiders re
garding the condition of things on the
island.
"In the hands of the insurgents," said
Berger, "are about 2500— not oVer 4000 at
most — stands of modern arms, but they
have a large number of old flintlock rifles
and blunderbusses. Of supply trains
going into the interior about nine out of
ten are captured by the insurgents, bufc on
the other hand nearly all consignments
intended for the rebels are captured by
the Spaniards.
"Excepting the food taken by the rebels
from the Spaniards, the patriots live on
lizards and snakes; but they are in con
dition to withstand the fever, which is
killing off the Spaniards, a march of
three miles being sufficient to incapacitate
most soldiers. The plan of the insurgents
is to starve the Spanish soldiers out of the
interior, which they now hold with gar
risons and ample artillery.
"The treatment of prisoners is barbarous
on both sides, bodies being Dadly muti
lated whether there is life in them or not."'
Berger, referring to the manner of his
escape, said that on May 2 he accompa
nied a troop of soldiers to the beach on the
western slope of the island to receive fire
arms irom a schooner. The schooner was
about to land the goods in small boats,
when the Spaniards suddenly appeared,
killing the captain, some sailors and a
good many Cubans. He and two Cubans
escaped in a small boat to the schooner
and from there were taken to St. Marks,
Fla. After landing there he was stricken
with fever, but it proved to be a slight
attack, and upon his recovery he paid a
visit to the home of his parents in Great
Falls, Montj
REVOLUTION IN GUATEMALA.
Chile and Bolivia Atnicably Dividing
Peruvian Territory.
PANAMA, Colombia, June 24.— Anent
the revolution in Guatemala the Star and
Heraid publishes the following dispatch
from Salvador under date of June 20;
Official advices received from Guatemala
state that a serious revolt, headed by Jose
M. Gonzales, Juan R. Caeller, Geronimo
Puente, a Cuban, and several others, broke
out at Chiquimula four days ago. This
dispatch also adds that when the Govern
ment forces went to attack the insurgents
they abandoned their position, disbanding
and Seeing to the Salvadoraa and Hon
duras frontiers. There were 800 of the
rebels.
Passengers recently arrived at La Lib
ertad affirm that when they left Guate
A National Jubilee Sale in Oar Youni
Men's Department.
Long-Trouser Boys— the one\
wearing long trousers. Some 30 1
Suits i/i 1 pretty colorings, mad*
in single-breasted style, round
and straight corners.
Here's a Jubilee price, boys.
Spend the Fourth at our expense
—$3.75 —
The colorings are choice; foi
boys, ages 12 to 19.
s' TM o '— i \ \
(I
Big Boys, or rather young men,
those pretty Clay Worsteds, Rib-
bed Serge Cheviots and a world
of pretty Spring colorings; $1%,
and $15 values. They're very
fashionable, tailored excellently
we're turning 'em loose Fourth
of July week at
-—$7.95---
OPEN
THIS EVENING
TILL 10:80.
mala the revolutionists had taken Es
cuintla.
The Panama Star and Herald, after re
viewing the treaties recently signed be
tween Chile and Argentine on the one
hand and Chile and Bolivia on the other,
says:
It now remains to be seen whether
Chile will deal with Peru and face the set
tlement of the Tacna-Arica question. It
is as clear as daylight that Chile cannot
retain them long now and its suits her and
every one to get it settled, whether or not
Pere can be wheedled or coerced into con
senting to Bolivia raking them. Whether
Peru is to gain her lost provinces and Bo
livia is to be satisfied with a slice to be cut
off the north of Tarapaca, which will give
her the desired outlet to the sea, is a prob
lem. T One way or another, it is time our
northern frontier was settled and we were
free of Tacna and Arica, which have been
nothing but an incumbrance to us; but
we freely acknowledge that the Peruvian
Government seems scarcely to possess the
necessary stability to deal with this ques
tion.
RAILWAY COMPANY ROBBED.
Conductors, Btation Agents and Porter*
Have Been Knocking 7>ou>n.
CHICAGO, 111., July 2.— Officials of the
Chicago and Alton Railroad have just dis
covered that a gang of employes, among
whom are passenger-train conductors and
station agents, working with Pullman-car
porters, have robbed the railway company
of $15,000. Sufficient investigation into
the gigantic steal has been made to show
a conspiracy, and thus far three con
ductors and two station agents have lost
their positions. Others may be dis
charged when the full extent of the con
spiracy is discovered. The company is
making all plans for ths criminal prosecu
tion of the offenders.
The steal was accomplished through the
co-operation of a station agent with
passenger conductors. It is said that the
conductors would take up tickets but not
punch them. The tickets would be re
turned to the agent, who would resell them
and divide the proceeds with the con
ductors.
THE DEBT STATEMENT.
Xatianal Obligations Wers Greatly In
creased IMiring June.
WASHINGTON. D. C, July 2.— The debt
statement issued this afternoon shows a net
increase in the public debt, less cash in
the treasury, during Juue of $1,820,853 50.
The interest-bearing debt increased $1,875,
-300; the non-interest- bearing debt in
creased $184,439 50, and cash in the treas
ury increased $238,886. The total cash in
the treasury was $853,905,635 51; the gold
reserve was $100,000,000; net cash balance,
$167,432,096 70.
In the month there was a decrease in
gold coins and bars of $7,286 775, the total
at the close being $144,026,^63 91. Of silver
there was an increase of $1,158,876 20; of
ti e surplus there was in the National bank
depositories $16,857,354 66, against $20,952,
-972 22 at the end of the preceding month.
DELUGE IN NEBRASKA.
Bridge* and Trarkt Wanhed Away and,
Trains at a Standstill.
ODELL, Nkbb.. July 2.— A heavy rain
fell here last night . and " this ' morning.
Over four and a half inches of water fell.
Indian Creek is the highest it has been
since 1881. Water covers the bottoms to a
depth of from seven to fifteen feet and ex
tends up in town as far as the postoffi.ee.
Considerable loss of livestock is reported.
It is impossible at this time to estimate the
damage to crops, but it will Ibe extensive.
No trains have been running to-day on
account of the track being under water.
It • is reported <: that ■ the Burlington and
Missouri have several bridges and a lot of
track washed out both east and west :of
here. All over northern ; Gage County
there are floods, 1 and residents in the low
lands .' have ' been forced to " leave their
homes. " ''.-'.■.'■ vV" _. •- ■
■ ♦ m
The Star's reason why affidavits to Hudel
soa's character are unprintable. *
34
MONTEREY'S BIG
CELEBRATION,
The Quaint Old Town Is
Aroused for the
Occasion.
ACTIVITY EVERYWHERE
Profusion of American Bunting
in Artistic Spanish
Designs.
THE LIVING FLAG A FEATURE.
Names of the Young Ladies Who
Will Compose It— Programme
of Exercises.
MONTEREY, Cal,, July 2.— The spirit
of '96 has at last awakened quaint old
sleepy Monterey, and every man, woman
and child in the town is bent on making
the coming semi-centennial jubilee cele
bration a grand success. The exercises of
the celebration will all be strongly Ameri
can in character, but so Spanish in inter
pretation that it is hard to tell where one
ends and the other begins.
All of ths building in Monterey are
riecorsted with American bunting, but so
arranged as to produce the architectural
effects of old Spain. Many of these deco
rations are highly artistic, and could some
of the old dons visit the scene they would
feel that they were thoroughly at home.
To-day has been a busy one for all who
will take part in the celebration, from Ad
miral Beardsiee to the smallest girl in the
"Living Flag." The people of the town
were awakene.l by the strains of martial
music from the bands of the two warships
out on the glistening blue waters of the
bay and in the two companies of artillery
in camp back of the Hotel del Monte. It
was a sound uncommon here, but none
the less welcome, and in a short time
everybody was awake and eaeer to prac
tice their part in the big celebration.
The military and naval men spent the
long hours of the day in drills and exer
cises, so as to bo ready for the ceremonies
of the Fourth of July, while the citizens
worked hard at decorating and preparing
their houses to receive the large number
of visitors expected.
The principal feature of the celebration
will be the "I.ivin-; Flag," which will be
composed of about "JOO young ladies dressed
in red. white and blue, who will march in
such order as to produce an exact repre
sentation of the stars and stripes.
Thie feature of the celebration has been
in charge of Hon. S. J. Duckworth and A.
W. Jones. To-day a rehearsal was held in
the opera-house and the young ladies went
through the intricate movements of the
exercise with tbe utmost precision aud
formed as beautiful a picture as oae could
want to see.
Part of the programme will consist of
singing the three National songs, "Amer
ica," "Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean"
and '"The Star-spangled Banner." After
the rehearsal in the hall the entire com
pany of young ladies marched down the
street to the grand stand and went through
the same evolutions they will on the
Fourth and seventh. There was not a
hitch anywhere and everything was so
carefully studied that there can be no
doubt but the living flag will corer itself
with glory when the time comes.
Following are the names of the young
ladies who will form the living flag:
Joaie Hunt, Theresa Sullivan, Detta Jones,
Lizzie Feliclano, Rosa George, Alice Lee,
Emma Heintr, Rosa Gonxales, Clothilde Gon
calve. Flora Fletcher, Addle Pedro, Frances
Urbanus, Viola Allen, Addle Nidever, Clara
Casper, Inez Eddy, Jessie Hunt, Jessie Kent,
Rosa. D'Avlla, Annie Kelly, Flora Cantu*.
Sadie Urbanus, Victoria D'Avila, May Lee, May
Dcllon, Nellie Barker, May Gonzales, Beulah
Fadden, Elsie Stampke, Amy Capp, Annio
Myers, Annie Serrano, Pheta Serrano, LIU
Esplnosa, Charlotte Manuel, Emily Silv.i,
Josie Abrego, Mary Pamaral, Maddie Daviia,
Ethel Oliason, Ella Johnson, Susie
George, Ora Kent, Jennie Miller, Leila
Little, Jessie Stevenson, Julia Hay
den, Clara Ressner, Jossle Allen, Lily
George, Lena Damaral. Mary Valdez, Louise
Roach, Lucy CorreJa, Mamie Mat to*, Nellie
Barber, Angie Xocefore, Jennie Reynolds,
Christina Curray, Delia Lowry, Mary Parrara,
Jessie Whitaker, May Nocefoie. Mabel Dodge,
Mamie Ellis, Ethel Adams, J. Dixon, Mabel
Smith, Winnie Bias*. Nellie Hunt, Ida Rose,
Addle Giannlni, Josie King, Viola Pedro, Rosy
Urbanus. Mary Damaral, Flora Feliciano, Ket
tle Sullivan, Rath Howard, Grace Ingenoll,
Alta Chambalar, Marian Trine, Lulu Grins.
Maud Wheeler, Blanche Wert. Annie Belghle,
Bessie Lewis, Beulah Small, Amy Price.
Myrtle Hastily. Tessie Trine, Hattle and
Eva Rnhl, Annie Goward, Lizzie Diaz,
Helene Mlchaells, Lnpe Serrano, Julia Allen,
Belle Stevenson, Lelda Perrara, Ollie Klin
kingbean, Grade Wolter, Ida Miller, Flora
Adams, Lillle Silva, Mary Davtla, Isa Silva,
Jessie Barker, Mabel Whittler,' Amy Ingram,
Jessl* Kay, Mary George, Eleanor Sanchez,
Lupe Abrego, Lizzie Ruiz, Belle Corrioa, An
nie Miller, Chona Sanchez, Frances Gonzales,
Theresa Correia; May Little, Elvira Abrego,
Clara Tyrell, Mary Eilva, ' Anita Gonzalea,
Mary Prau, Rehina Sflra. Jennie Sanchez, Ab
bie Whltcomb, Edith Dangcrfield, Cora Larell,
Janet Raukln, Marcla Taylor, Minnie Holman*
Helen Balch, Elsie Little, Ethel Prolty, Edith
Porter, Zella Hill, Mils J. Hanover, Mina
Dickie, Eva Smith, Kittie Boland, Allie Finler,
Florence Wood, Sophie Rico, Rose Adams,
Laura <.'etz, Leo Barnes, Lottie .Boland, Carrie
Bostron, Miss Hanover, Miss Upton, Miss
Beighle, Rena Willey, Miss McGc orge, Annie
Bispo, Sarah Clonford and Helena Abrego.
The Hotel del Monte is rapidly filline
up with guests for the celebration. The
grounds of the caravansary never looked
better than they do at present, and many
plans are on foot for the pleasure of the
guests. There will be a grand ball on
Saturday night and another on Tuesday
night. The ballroom will be decorated
with the National colors, interwoven with
the finest flowers produced on the hotel
grounds. A large number of army and
navy staff officers have promised to grace
the occasion with their presence, and all
the society people will be there.
Following is the programme for the
four days' celebration:
SATCKDAY, JCLT 4,
10 A. m.- At Lyceum Park, military maneu
vers by Cavalry Troop C, N. G. C, Captain M.
J. fiurk commanding.
All ceremonies to be tinder the auspices of
the Grand Parlor, -Native Daughters of the
Gotdea West— president, Mrs." Marr E.
Til! man: grand vice-president, Mrs. Belle
Tonrsd: crand secretary. Mrs. Georgia Colter-
Ryan; grand treasurer. Mrs. Inge P. Faure.
1:SO r. m.— lndependence day parade, par
ticipated in by military and naval forces and
civic organizations. ■ •
2:30 r. x — Literary exercises at Custom
house by Native Daughters of the Golden
We-.t. .
Prayer, Miss Clara Wittenmyer of Mills Col
lege; music, band of the flagship Philadelphia:
opening remarks, Mrs. M. K. Tillman, president
of the day; '•{•tar-spangled Banner." by Native
l>*U£hters; poem, Esther Malcolm-Johnson;
"Columbia, the Oem ol thu Ocean," by living
flag of 200 frirls. Mrs. Hollenbcck, lender; ad-
Miss Marian Bertorea; •'Marching
Through (ieorgln," band; "The Spanish Re
gime." Mi.-s Agnes Manning; "Yankee Doodle,"
two ia <.>suiiuo: '-rniriousm lv the Public
Schools." Miss Bltsa D. Keith; selection, "La
llaadoltnata;" "America," bind; benediction.
I'anclng in the pavilion at 8 r. M.
SUNDAY. JOLT 5.
Mexican picnic at midday in the pino woods
above K.>rt Halleok In the Tinted States Mill
tnry Reservation. Afternoon, music and sing
iug'at picnic grounds. Picnic free to all.
3r. X.— TmlS on association work by J. L.
Speiires, State secretary; H. J. McCoy, general
seoivary S. F. Y. M. C.'A., and other members
ai the pavilion.
8 P. M.— Er.teitainment in pavilion.
MONDAY. Jfl.Y (!.
9 a. m.— Exhibition drill by naval forces
from United States flagships Philadelphia and
Monadn^ek.
1 r. m.— Firemen's parade snd tournament.
S i". m.— Open-air concert by naval band at
Cnstom-hooMi
9 p. M.— Dancing at pavilion.
TCESDAY, JULY 7.
10 A. M.— Civic societies and all patriotic peo
plo are expected to join the Grand Lodge of
Masons of California onAlvarado street and
mnrch with it to the site of tin- Sloat monu
ment in front of Fort Halleck lor the purpose
of laying the Sloat monument cornerstone.
10:30 p. m.— Laying of the cornerstone by the
Grand Lodged Masons of California.
1830 a. m.— Grand parade from Del Monte
to the Custom-house, where the ceremony of
raiting the flag will take plase.
3:30 v. m.— Wild West Show at Lyceum Park.
Bp. m.— Entertainment and dancing at pa
vilion. • -.•;;
The executive committee met at the
headquarters of the celebration commit
tee this evening, but as all arrangements
for the coming event had been completed
nothing more remained to be done than
the payment of bills for decorations,
booths, and the hundred and one other
expenses incidental to the celebration. T.
J. Field presided, occupying an old iron
rocking chair that came from China even
before Eastern furniture had reached Cali
fornia by tbe Horn route. Those present
dragged- over the massive upholstered
mahogany sofas of the days of gold to the
center table, and one irreverent member
utilized the first piano stool ever brought
to California.
Major Sherman, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements, arrived on the
afternoon train from San Francisco and
attended the meeting. Heannounced that
California Commandery, Oakland Com
mandery, Golden Gate Commandery,
Watsonviile Commandery and the
Giand Commandery of the State had
been invited to attend the celebration and
would be present In large numbers. The
ladies' reception committee was appointed
as follows: Mrs. T. J. Field, Mrs. B. V.
Pargent, Mrs. R. C. Sargent, Mrs. M. M.
Cragg, Mrs. A. L. Abrego, Mrs. William
Kellard, Mrs. W. W. James, Mrs. Amos
Burr, Mrs. Fish and Miss F. Borton.
TACOMA'S ROSE CARNIVAL
Thirty Thousand People Witness the
Grandest Parade Ever Seen in
the Northwest.
TACOMA, Wash., July 2.— lmitating
Los Angeles and other California cities,
Tacoma is having a rose carnival. The
city is tilled with strangers from the East,
chiefly tourists for and from Alaska, and
people from surrounding towns.
To-day's programme included a grand
parade and a concert to-night. General J.
M. Ashton, as marshal of the day, directed
the linest parade ever seen in the State. It
was two miles in length, taking forty
minutes to pass a given point. Im
mediately after forming the parade
marched to Wripht Park, where Mrs. H.
G. Foster was crowned rose Queen by
Governor McGraw, aud Mayor Fawcett
placed in her hand the keys to the city.
Tv« nlracM re-formed "and marched
through Pacific avenue and other business
streets, after being reviewed by the Queen,
the Governor and the Mayor.
The floats of business houses, the rail
roads and patriotic organizations were
most elaborate, coating from |50 to f 1000
each.
The marines from the Monterey marched
in a body. The parade was viewed In
over 30.000 people. The concert to-night
at the Tacoma Theater was given by the
Ladies' Musical and St. Cecilia clubs and
other musical organizations, including
two dozen pupils from the Puyallup In
dian School.
To-morrow there will be excursions to
American Lake and Point Defiance and a
carnival bail in the evening. Saturday
will be diverted to the annual bicycle races
of the Y. M. C. A. and Northwestern cir
cuit horseraces, concluding with a grand
display of in the evening.
A beautiful day and perfect arrange
ments combined to make to-day's opening
of the first rose carnival ever held in the
Northwest a glorious success. Among the
visitors are several dozen Californians,
some of whom are en route to Alaska.
A LEAP YEAR WEDDING.,
Heir an Vnituspeetiny Steaim JTa« Cap
tured by a Wily Senorita.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 2.—Accord
ing to tbe situation of at least one more or
less astute individual in Los Angeles the
gentleman is liable to get married entirely
unexpected to himself. Whether or not
the question of leap year has any bearing
on the case under consideration is un
known, but at all events the lady "did the
business" in a very expeditious manner
and in consequence has a substantial hus
band as the result of her cleverness. The
story follows:
Martin Tribarren of this city is the
groom, and Encamaclon V. Sanchez is the
blushing bride. The bride is known
among the 400 of the "lower part of town"
as Chona. On the 29th of June the lovely
Chona, who is strongly pockmarked and
has also a seductive cast in one of her
eyes, made application to Deputy County
Clerk McPherron for a marriage license.
This is an unusual step for a lady to secure
a document of such a nature/ But fair
Chona explained that by saying that Mar
tin was off to his feed. The lady was not
very well acquainted with her swain's
patronymic, as his name is given as Mar
tin Elizivare, aged 27, .fcnearnacion doling
out her own age as 3L which is an over
sight of several summers.
The wedding ceremony was solemnized
the same afternoon by Superior Judge
at the coy Chona's sisters hon«e,
:: Wilxaiagton street. The sister is Mrs.'
Eloisas deGuiierre, who is widely known
for the excellence of her Spanish" dinners.
The groom is wroth, declares he never
meant it, and is determined to have the
nuptial knot unhitched right away. He
declines to recoenize his innocent spouse,
or have anything to do with her. He re
lated hi* strange marital woes to Judge
bmith, who ret-lied that if the facts were
as he related them, there would be no dif
ficulty ia undoing the work of the fond
Chona.
FEESSO'S MCHOHS MTSTERS.
- v '«" Evident* and Theories in the >ha
hemarian Tragedy.
FRESNO. Cal.. July 2.— New evidence
has come to iieht which has induced many
people to believe that the recent Saa
bamarian murders were committed by the
father, who then killed himself. It is well
known that insanity ran in the family
and previous to the murder trie old man
had shown siens of being crazy.
r- Coroner Long is certain the father killed
the 1 two children and then himself. There
was a peculiar powder mark on the index
ringer of the old man, which showed that
be must have discharged a revolver just
before his death. *
Shocking Accident at Santa rstrbara.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., July 2.— A
ghastly and shocking accident occurred
here at a late hour yesterday. A youc«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
lady, Miss Boland, driving down State
street, ran into James Kelly Jr., formerly
cook at the Arlington Hotel. The shaft of
the cart struck him in the back, breaking
the spinous process between the eleventh
And twelfth ribs.
Kelly was carried into Crane's drugstore
and was seized with convulsions. After
ward he was removed to the Cottaee Hos
pital. He may possibly live, but will
probably be paralyzed for life.
REGAINE BER LOST CHILD.
-* WyV# Story of Desertion, Abduction
and Bigamy.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 2.— Thi* morn
ing the wife of an actor named Armstrong
who used to be in this city called on the
Chief of Police.
She wished to get back her little eirl,
who had been taken away two years ago
by the direction of the husband who had
deserted her.
The child was placed with a woman
named Mary Mack for safe-keeping by
the mother. When she went to get her
botli woman and child had gone. For two
years she had never been able to find a
trace of them.
This morninß a man told her where the
child was. Through police efforts she se
cured it again. She says her husband is
married again in the East, though not di
vorced from her.
He figured unfavorably some time ago
in connection with the disappearance of a
necklace belonging to Auita Fallon, the
actress.
IMPORTANT FRESNO DECISION
Affect* Fees of County Clerks Throughout
the State.
FRESNO, Cal., Ju'y 2.-Jadge Carter
to-day rendered a decision that a County
Clerk cannot collect a fee of $2 for every
demurrer tiled in a civil action. Suit was
brought by Attornsys George Cosgrave
and G. B. Graham to test tbe legality of
the course of the clerk in charging $2 for
each demurrer. Clerk Hart had been act
ing in accordance with the opinion of the
District Attorney. The statute is vague
and different counties have been adopting
different systems. Judge Carter's decision
will settle a question in which every
county in the State is concerned.
SAN JOSEANS SWINDLES,
E. E. Klotzly, Proprietor of the
Russ House, Is Badly
Wanted.
A Widow Stopping at the Hotel and
His f ßns Driver the Princi
pal Victims.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 2.— E. E. Klotrly,
who has been running the Russ House in
this city, is badly wanted by a large num
ber of creditors. Early in June Klotzly
induced Mrs. L. Laederich, a widow of
some means who was stopping at the
hotel, to purchase a half interest in the
hotel business for |1000. He represented
that he needed the money to pay off a
mortgage of $700 held by O. A. Hale, and,
as the investment seemed a good one, Mrs.
Laederich handed over the $1000, and on
June 2 the papers were signed transferring
to her a half-interest in the business,
which Klotzly said was free of debt.
On June 1G Klotzly went to Santa Cruz
to take in the water carnival, saving he
would be back In a week. At the end of
that time he failed to return, but as he
left his two children at the hotel nothing
was thought of his extended absence.
A few days aco Mrs. Laeaern -:i began
making inquiries and found that Klotzlv
had not only failed to pay the $700 mort
gage, as he represented he did, but there
were two additional mortgages aggregat
ing $480 standing against the business.
He also sold a large number of in-ai
tickets and pocketed the money, and also
left a large number of small debts unpaid
behind him.
Klotzly has evidently left the State, and
Mrs. Laedftrich is not only out $1000 in
cash but has inherited about the same
amount of indebtedness and the care of
two of her abscoTidinjj partner's children.
John Heffey, the bus-driver of the hotel,
also loses $700 which he loaned to Klotzly
on his personal note a short time ago.
DESERTS HIS FAMILY.
Wife and Three Small Children Left in
Destitution.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 2.— Patrick Camp
bell, who arrived in Santa Clara about a
year ago from New York with his wife and
three small children, has deserted his fam
ily, leaving them in destitute circum
stances. Campbell came hero on the ad
vice of friends, but aside from a few days
work as a laborer was unable to secure
employment. He soon became discour
aged and a few days ago he took a roll of
blankets and left during bis wife's ab
sence. It is believed Campbell is making
his way to his former home in New York
afoot. Mrs. Campbell and the children
are dependent upon neighbors. She feels
confident that her husband will send for
her and the children as soon as he secures
employment.
Suits for Malicious Prosecution.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 2.-Martin Pra
dera and Martin Ytursaldi to-day began
suits in the Superior Court against Mrs. E.
Hannay for $5025 damages each for mali
cious prosecution. Mrs. Hannay has a
fruit ranch a few miles east of "the city
and about a month ago she prosecuted
Pradera and Ytursaldi, who are sheep
herders, for allowing their sheep to dam
age her orchard. On trial the men were
found not guilty.
Burglars Held to Anstetr.
SAN JO&E, Cal., July 2.— Joe Lom
bardo, who with George Ballard and
William Shonaman robbed R. McConneli's
residence in the Willows last Saturday
night, was examined before Justice Dwv-er
to-day on a charge of burglary. After the
arrest of the three men Lombardo con
fessed and told the police where the booty
was buried. He was held to answer fo
trial in the Superior Court. Ballard and
Shonanian nave also been held on the
<ams charge.
Granted a Dirorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 2.-Carlo(a Es
pincza was granted a divorce from Benito
Espinoza on the grounds of cruelty and
failure to provide, by Judge Lorlgan this
morning. The Espinozas were married in
Monterey County in IS9O and have a four
year-old chiid. They lived together on a
ranch near Watsonville until about two
years ago, when Espiuoza's cruelty caused
bto leave him. The plairitifl was
awarded the custody of the child aud a
half-interest in about $300 worth of com
munity property.
I. O. O. F. rnrau.yrnent Installation.
SAN JOSE, Cal, Jnly 2 —San Jose En
campment, No\ 35, I. O. O. F., has installed
the following officers: Charles A. Both
well. C. I.; H. li. Fisl;er. H. P. ; Georse
Callahan, S. W. ; VY. N. P.ummer J W •
O. P. Huntress, Guide: G. W. Tarline 6'
S.;D. W. Babcoct, 1. S. ; M. Campbell'
First W.; R. A. Lee, Second W; K. L.
Denehie. Third W.; U a. Uagstrom,
Fourth VV . ; J. \\ . EUy, First G. of T. • N
L. Dennis, Second G. of T.
Orange Welding Erent
ORANGE, Cal., July 2.-Miss Margaret
J. Fuilertoo, eldest daughter of Editor
James Fullerton of the Orange News, and
Edmund A. Carr of Tehachapi were mar
ried this afternoon. For the past ei<*ht
years Miss Fulierton has been a member
of the News staff. She received many
beautiful and. valuable presents.
LOOKS BETTER
FOR WEBSTER,
Progress of the Paymas
ter's Trial at Mare
Island.
TOBIN'S HANDWRITING.
Three Witnesses Testify to the
Genuineness of the
Receipt.
LEVY CONTINUES SKEPTICAL.
While It Is Considered Unnecessary,
the Defense Wi.l Introduce
Further Evidence.
VALLEJO, Cal., July 2.— At tbe Web
ster court-martial being held at the navy
yard this morning three witnesses intro
duced on behalf of the paymaster were
positive in their declaration, as much as
one could be, that the paper signed by W.
J. Tobin acknowledging receipt of $583 54
on account of loan was written entirely in
Tobin's own handwriting.
A letter written from Shanghai to a Mr.
Ramsey about the same time the receipt
was signed waa compared, and in all re
spects it was claimed to be written by one
and the same person. The witnesses in
troduced by the paymaster to establish
the identity c! the handwriting were a
paymaster's yeoman *rho had served on
the ship and J. R. English, cashier of the
Vallejo Commercial Bank, in which bank
Mr. Tobin was employed as a clerk under
the cashier. The other witness was George
Weniger, a brother-in-law of Mr. Tobin,
who succeeded him in the grocery busi
ness and has all the books and papers in
the store.
Being perfectly familiar with the band
writing of Mr. Tobin he had no hesitancy
in declaring the receipt was written en
tirely by him.
Notwithstanding this almost conclusive
testimony Paymaster Webster desired to
introduce further evidence, so there could
be no manner of doubt in the mind of the
court as to the genuineness of the receipt,
for upon this receipt he will base his claim
of having obtained the money from Mrs.
Tobin as a loan.
The court was asked for and granted a
continuance until 10 o'clock Friday morn
ing, at which time other witnesses will
be introduced to identify Tobin's hand
writing.
Cle-k Levy still adheres to his state
ment made on the stand yesterday after
noon, that the body of the receipt is not
that of Tobin's handwriting, though a
qualification is made that at the time, if
he wrote it, his nerves might have been
such as to cause a difference in the man
ner of his writing.
TO CLOSE FAIR AVALON.
The Banning Company Controls
the Destiny of Catalina
Island.
Will Withdraw Its Interests From
the Resort Owing to Lack of
Moral Support
AVALON, Catalixa Islawd, July 2.—
It is possible that the Banning Company
may withdraw their interests from Avalon
and locate a resort at some other point on
Catalina Island. This, if it comes to pass, j
will be brought about by the lack of moral j
support from property-holders at Avalon
who are at issue with the Banning Com
pany.
There are some sixty or eighty lots at
Avaion owned by private individuals. The
rest of the 55,000 acres comprising the
island belongs to the company.
At present the company is not able to
control things in a manner which they
consider commensurate with the amount
of capital expended in improvements, ex
pense of keeping up the resort, etc., and it
may lead to a removal.
Ihe Banning Company in that case
would simply fence in its property at
Avalon and by the use of laree rafts or
lighters remove such of their buildings as
are movable to some other point on the
island— say Whites Landing, which is a
beautiful and commodious cove, or tbe
isthmus, which by many is considered
more desirable as a location for a resort
than Avalon — and there buiid up a sum
mer resort and land their steamers there.
Then the property- holders of Avalon
conld run their own resort and encourage,
if they liked, any service that should suit i
them.
la regard to this matter Judge Banning
said :
"I should greatly regret being forced to
abandon Avalou, and we shall not go
unless compelled by lack of moral sup
-om Avalon resi-lents. The present
outlook is not encourasinjr. The policy
of the Banning Company, which has
made Cataiina Island famous and built
up the van.es of Avalon holders, does not
seem to be appreciated by many of them.
•'Yes, ii, is true onr investments here are
heavy, but not of such magnitude as to
compel the expenditure of more money or
prevent the company from establish iijg a
resor; at any point on the island should
necessity xequire it. I exceedingly regret
this unhappy state of affairs, but we shall
go ahead for this season, and, as usual, ao
our b^?t to accommodate and entertain
tor?.
"What about next season? Time will
tell."
CAPTAIN' BANNING'S PLAN
Say Bis Company Will Start m Rival
" Village.
LOS ANGELES. Cal.. July 2.— Captain
Banning of Banning- Bros., "owners "of
Catalina Island and operators of boats ply
ing between the island and mainland,
says that if opposition boats are put on
for traffic and passengers between Avalon
and San Pedro bis company will aban
don that town *to its fate and start a
rival village at Whites Landing. He says
that revenue from his monopoly is. abso
lutely necessary to maintain Avalon. A
few lots are held by other parties »nd they
can if they desire condemn right of
way to water, thus enablinz all boats to
land passengers. Captain Banning said
that whether his company would remove
depended ; entirely on " these people.
>othinjt will be done, however, this
season, for if suit is brought for right of
way for street it will be fought and staYed
off until fall. Everything except Hotel
Metropole and the pavilion can be re
moved.
PORTLAND'S CELEBRATION.
A Three Days' Jubilee on an Elaborate
Scale Is in Progress.
PORTLAND, Ok.. July 2.— Portland is
attempting to celebrate the Fourth on an
elaborate plan and the three days' cele
bration which began to-day bids fair to
come up to expectations. To-day began
all sorts of firemen's races and there was
an immense turnout to witness the events.
Incoming trains brought hundreds of
strangers to the city, but the great rush is
expected to-morrow, when the sailing and
rowing: regatta begins on the river. The
town waa never so completely in gay holi
day attire and fluttering colors. Promi
nent buildings are draped with bunting
and thousands of flags.
To-night there was an illuminated
bicycle parade, in which 5000 wheelmen
participated. Saturdajhtbere will be a big
tivic and military parade, baseball, horse
racing, bicycle races and grand fireworks.
A SPECIER FROM THE DEEP.
British Bark Long Since Given Up for
Lost Appears.
PORT TOWNSEND Wash., July 2.— A
specter from the deep arose in the noon
report from Cape Fiattery to-day, which
brought the first tidings of the British
bark Cambusdoon, Captain McDonald,
which had long ago been given up for lost.
One hundred and seventy-one days ago
the Cambusdoon sailed from Java, bound
for British Columbia to load, and from
that time until to-day's report nothing
has been heard from her. Seventy guineas
had been offered in reinsurance on the
vessel. She will probably go in to Vic
toria.
Granted a Divorce at Portland.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 2.— A divorce
was granted to-day to Ella May Benham
from William H. Benham, of Benham,
Trnmbull it Co. of Chicago, on the ground
of cross habitual drunkenness. Defendant
is well known m commercial circles. The
couple had lived together for sixteen years.
The wife was awarded the two children
and aiiniony.
KERN COUNTY BANDITS.
Crowley Appears at Caliente to
Register, That He May
Vote.
An Armed Man, Believed to Be Don
ham, Seen at a Camp Near
Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 2.— Bandit
Crowley has been heard from again. Some
time ago he sent word to Sheriff Borg
ward that he intended coming down from j
his hiding place in the mountains to reg- '
ister, so as to vote next fall. Sure enough,
a day or two ago he put in an appearance j
at Caliente, where there is a Deputy Reg- j
istrar, who, however, was absent, so that j
Crowley did not get his name on the reg- j
ister.
The bandit spent several hours th?reand
was not molested. He ate at the hotel,
drank beer and talked freely with several i
persons, making no secret of his identity. !
He denied having fired at Rankin's son, but
said he could have easily killed the Sheriff
the last time he was out, as he was in the
brush fifty feet from the road when that
officer passed along. The only man
against whom Crtfwley bears enmity is
Tom Castro, who betrayed him to the
otScers, and him he swears to kill on
sight.
Crowley says he was not the man who
made such a sensation near Haywardslast
fall, but that as boon as he escaped from
the insane asylum he came down here and
took up his quarters at Walker's Ba&in.
He worked a while for Sam Blades, one of
the men. whom he threatened to kill, but i
Blades would not pay him. So he robbed.
his cabin and burned it. Now he says he
will let Blades alone in the future. Crowley
told the whole story of his trouble ia
Contra Costa county, and swears he will
never be taken alive to serve out his .
twenty-five years' sentence.
There is evidently another bandit loose
somewhere in the county. A heavily
armed man appeared at a camp thirty
miles southeast of town last Saturday
night, mounted on a mule, and a>ked for
food. It was given him, and he pretended
he wanted to stay ali night and asked the
route to Tejon Pas?. He left during the '
night, however, and no one saw which ;
way he went. He had two large revolvers '
and a rifle and in all respects answered the
description of the man seen hiding on
Erskine Creek early last week except he '
had a mule instead of a horse.
Parties at the camp believe he was mur
derer Dunham and say te answered his I
newspaper pictures ona descriptions. Be
ing unarmed, they did not molest him.
DELIBERATE SCICINE.
rarest Creek Bachelor Carefully Takes
Bis Oxen Life.
PORTLAND, Or., July 2. — Peter P.
Black, a bachelor, who owned the Man
ville farm and diggings on Forest Creek,
in Jackson County, committed suicide
Tuesday night by shooting himself
through the head with a revolver. He
committed tbe act with great deliberation,
first ascertaining whether the men who
were living with him on the place were in
bed and then making a bed of straw
alongside his cart, which stood in the
yard, and lying down on it before pulling
the trigger of the weapon. Mr. Black was
of c very sensitive temperament and thor
oughly conscientious. Being somewhat
involved, it is believed that brooding over
his debts caused temporary insanity, dur
ing wnicii he took his iife.
DAWSON CASE AT SEATTLE
Mrs. Alice Allmoad, Sister of
the D2:endant, Takes the
Stand.
Makes an Excellent Witness Under
the Rigid Cross-Examimtion of
the Doctor's Counsel.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 2.— The Daw?on
evidence to-day was all for the defense,
the principal witness being Mrs. Alice
Allmond, Mrs. Dawson'e sister. Shemade
a fine witness, and though counsel for Dr.
Dawson tried hard to lead her into a trap
the plans failed.
It came out under Mrs. AUmond's cross
examination that Mrs. Dawson about one
year ago had endeavored to bleach her
hair. The doctor had learned of it, and
after that when Mrs. Dawson asked him to
take her to church he refused, stating that
he would not go on tbe streets with her
any more, as she looked too much like a
fast woman.
Mrs. Allmona said that for a long time
before Dr. Dawson left his wife he had de
tectives employed to watch her. One day
Mrs. Dawson ?poke to him about it and he
then denied that he had ever authorized
his counsel, General Carr, or any one else
to place detectives on her track.
Mrs. A:lmoud was asked about E, E.
Eckstrom of Los Angeles, who gave the
iinseya money to get oat of tie way. She
bad known him for BUT years. H« w»*
a near and dear friend of tii«-, family Md
particularly of Mr». Altmond'a mother
wtao was lor years an iiirelj'l. He hm
doae the family many klndne*ee», ''•'•
witness denied that she bad anything to
do with the Kfnseya leaving California,
The first time she* knew of it wan when
Mrs. Dawson rang her up over Uif. tele
phone and told her that Mr. lionald bad
just notified her that the Kineeyi had left
California.
Captain Howell and Colonel Fife of Ta
coma went on the stand in the morning
and swore that they had never bad any
I improper relations with Mrs. Dawaun and
i denied in toto the testimony of Mrs.
I George Kin Bey. Fife said she was only a
! servant girl and therefore could not be be
i lieved. r-v:v
MODESTO'S MOUPLED AFFAIRS.
The City Trusters Refuse to Pay an Old
Claim.
MODESTO, Cal., July 2.-In April last
the outgoing Board of Trustees pas-ed an
order allowing W. T. GarrattA Cos. claim
for $6247 for pipe and extras furnished the
city of Modesto at the time of putting in
the water works plant. The claim was an
amount in excess of the $30,000 bonds
voted by the city for the construction of
the water works system. The claim was
withneld about two years, and then pre
sented. Under the order made, the claim
was to be paid in installments of $250 per
month, commencing Aueust next.
The new board to-day recinded the order,
meaning refusal to pay any of the claim
above the bond issue, to obtain which
Garratt <fe Co. will have to sue. The matter
creates great interest here.
BENJAMAN F. PEART DEAD.
Pneumonia Take* a Well-Knousn Pioneer
at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 2.— Benjamin
F. Peart, one of Yolo County's most
hishly respected and honored citizens,
died at his residence, 'The Maples," near
this city, last night after only a few days'
illness with an attack of pneumonia. The
deceased was a native of Pennsylvania.
He came to California in 1852 and has
been a resident of Yolo County since 1877.
Prior to that time he resided in Sacra
mento and San Francisco. While in San
Francisco lie was the business manager of
A. Havward*s vast interest. He married
Miss Elizabeth Fiske. daughter of the late
Dr. H. M. Fiske of San Francisco, in 1867.
The remains will be taken to San Fran
cisco for interment.
PENNOTER FOR PRESIDENT.
Oregon Labor Congress Urges Bis Xom-
ination at Chicago.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 2.— At tbe labor
congress for Oregon, which convened here
to-day. ex-Governor Sylvester Pennoyer
was indorsed for the nomination for the
Presidency by the Chicago convention.
The following resolution was passed and
has been sent to the various labor uuions
throughout the country:
To Labor UnioM of the United Slate*: As rep
resentatives of the labor congress of Oregon,
we most earnestly appeal to you to use your
influence toward securing the nomination at
Chicago ot ex-Governor Sylvester Pennoyer for
President of the United States.
As this congress was composed entirely
of labor associations, snch as the Federated
Trades, Knights of Labor, American Rail
way Union and others, it represented all
the organized labor in the State.
TELLER'S FORCES AT WORK.
, Free Silver R-publican* of Washington
State Urged to Action.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 2.— Numerous
! telegrams calling upon free-silver Repub
licans to hold demonstrations as indi
cative of a sentiment in favor of the nom
ination of Teller were received yesterday
and to-day by white metal leaders through-
I out the State from United .States Senator
Dubois of Idano. who is now in Cnicago.
The tone of these messages, many of
1 which are of a private nature, tends to
| show that the distinguished Coloradan's
managers are meeting with much encour
agement in their efforts to bring about his
nomination at the hands of the Demo
crats.
Seattte Forms a Teller Club.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 2.— The bolting
free-silver Republicans, at a largely at
tended mass-meeting to-nijrhi, perfected a
permanent organization, formed a Henry
M. Teller club and appointed a committee
to organize Teller clubs in every one of the
106 precincts of tbe county.
Marysville School Principal Exonerated.
MARYSYILLE, Cal., July 2.— Early in
the week charges were preferred against
Professor G. H. Stokes, principal of the
Marysville High School, alleging conduct
unbecoming a teacher. The investigation
closed last night, when the Board of Edu
cation exonerated Stokes and rraised his
method of conducting the school. He
will be re-elected principal.
NEW TO-DAY.
Mh ft ii
/ / / — "^t rV ■
| '-A^—^ iinrr-r 1
Silver or Gold ?
That depends upon where you go. If to the Merchant Tailors
for a fine PRINCE ALBERT SUIT you'd better take gold. $5O
to $65 in silver is an awkward load. But if you come to us,
silver will do. $18 to $30 is portable and buys positively,
plainly, unequivocally the same suit.
Pique Clay Worsteds, blue and black; Vicunas, black and gray. Absolute per-
fection as to tailoring and fit Oar card explains the enormous difference in price,
BROWN^ 05 * 60
Wholesale Manufactures
Props. Oregon CX? ll'oclcn MuTs
OPEN FRIDAY Fine Clothing OPEN SATURDAY
NIGHT TILL 10. For Man, Boy or Child TILL NOON.
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
|A 4 '+ m fVI O HJB r GTD B? BT^r*
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
£et Busk and P:nc Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
VENTURA'S CAMP
PHIL SHERIDAN,
Stormed and Captured by
the Grand Army
Veterans.
AN EX-REBEL'S ADDRESS
Recently Reconstructed, His Ar
dent Loyalty Evokes Great
Enthusiasm.
SPECIAL DAY ON THE FOUETH.
An Elaborately Decorate! Camp
Which Is Rapidly Filling Up as
Trains Arrive.
VENTURA. Cal., July 2.— Ventura haa
been captured by the Grand Army vete
rans. Last night Mayor Collins presented
Commander Downing with the city plaza,
and it was christened "Camp Phil Sheri
dan."
A feature of the exercises was the ad
dress delivered by N. Biackstock, an ex
rebel and recent convert to Republican
ism. His speech was o! the redhot order,
and evoked considerable applause.
Monday the veterans will visit Hueneme
as the guests of the town.
There are now in camp 350 regular
campers, with tbe camprcom engaged for
double that number to come. Every train
adds to the crowd, which is now nearly
double that of the previous encampment
held in this city four years ago.
In addition, tbe Southern California
Veteran Association, Sons of Veterans,
Woman's Relief Cores and Woman's Aid
and Auxiliary associations are largely
represented and nearly every pest in the
southern district has opened headquarters.
Pasadena has the largest representation
on the grounds, occupying one whole
street with more than twenty tents. The
camp is elaborately decorated with the
National colors, lanterns aud electric
lights.
The city is rapidly filling r.p as the in
terest is growing and from present indica
tions the ninth annual encampment will
be the largest on record. July 4 will be
the special day. Preparations are now
nearly completed.
TULARE'S ASSESSMENT ROLL.
Reduction, of yearly a Million Dollars
From Last Tear.
VISALIA, Cal., July 2.— County Asses
sor J. F. Gibson has completed his work
for thia year, and his totals are as follows:
Number of acres assessed, 1,396,146; value
of real estate, $10,504,752; value of im
provements on real estate. $1,440,060; value
of city and town lots, $755,293; value of
improvements on city and town lots, ?1,
-017,433; value of personal property, $1,
-395,740: amount of money and solvent
credits. $101,397; deductions on account of
mortgages, trust deeds, etc, $-5,422,455-
Totai value of ail property, $14,818,685. In
comparing the figures with last year's Mr.
Gibson says:
"Notwithstanding the increased acreage
of fruit trees and the many new patents
of land to t;:e Southern Pacific this shows
a reduction in the assessable property of
the county of $925,876"
SEATTLE ROMANCE.
A Murderer's Daughter Elope* With a
Professional Crook.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 2.— Misj Mary
Cummings, the 16-year-old daughter of
ex-Street Commissioner Lawrence Cum
mings, now a prisoner in the County Jail
and held for the murder of bis wife, the
girl's mother, on the evening of June 11,
to-day eloped and was married to Dan
McMillan, known to the police as a pro
fessional thief and burglar. To raise the
funds necessary for the bridal tour McMil
lan appropriated and sold a team and
wagon owned by the bride's murderous
father.ROBBERY OF THE
SONORA STAGE,
Lone Bandit Secures Some
Very Valuable
Booty.
HE PILLAGES THE MAIL
Passengers Are Not ' Molested
by the Knight of the
Road.
WELLt-FARGO LOST NOTHING.
Officers Pursuing the Fugitve, Who
Is Bliev d to Be an Old
Offinder.
SONORA, Cal., July 2. —Following close \
on the heels of the stajre robbery on Funks j
Hill last Saturday, another was perpe- j
trated early this morning. This time it I
occurred within one mile of Crabtrees and
and seven miles this side of Knights
Ferry. A lone man with a pistol forced
the driver, Andy Shine, to halt and throw |
out the express-box and two mail bags. |
Then with the coolness that marks one j
familiar with what he is about, he com
mandad the driver to move on, and with
iiis booty plunged into the mountain fast
nesses and was quickly out of sight.
At 11 p. m. Wedne ? day, when Andy
Shine, whose route lies between Sonora
and Knights Ferry, started on his
trip, he had, besides the Sonora mail
pouch asid express-box, one passenger, Dr.
Pegg, representative of a surgical imple
ment house of Philadelphia. Arriving at
Jamestown, the mail - bag was taken
aboard, as was also that of Chinese Camp,
when later on the stage drew up at that
place. From thereon, nothing other than
what would be ordinarily seen during the
night took piace, until nearing the Crab-
trees stopping place.
It was then breaking day. Suddenly a
masked man sprung from behind a large
rock Dear toe horses' beads, and, with
a cocked pistol leveled at Shine, yelled in
quick, sharp tones, "Hold up, there! drop
that box!" According to this demand the
roDber obtained two "mail bags, the third
Shine managing to secrete from view. The
pouches taken were those from James
town and Chinese Camp.
Having secured all that he thought was
of value th: highwayman ordered the
driver to move on. Shine did not wait for
further instructions, but plying the whip
to his horses covered t c ground rapidly
to Knights Ferry, and there related his
startling experience. The deputy Sheriff
and Constable of Knights Ferry were no
tified, and messages ' hurried to Sheriff
Yancy detailing what had happened.
The officers responded and quickly went
to the scene of the holdup, but what suc
cess attended their efforts to apprehend !
the fugitive has not been learned.
The robber appeared hatless, with a black !
mask over his face, and wore a jumper and j
blue overalls. He was of medium height !
and weighed about 150 pounds. Tue vaiue
of the booty obtained, while not definitely
known, is believed to be in the hundreds.
The maiibag from Jamestown containe I a
registered package valued at several
hundred dollars. Wells, Fargo & Co.'s j
ioss is said to be to the extent of the box
only.
That the outlaw is the same one tnat I
waylaid the stage Saturday night last there
seems to be little doubt. His description
tallies perfectly, and the mask and firearm
used are thought to be identical.
BUSY SCENES VALLEJO
Beginning of the Fiscal Year
Futs Many Men to
Work.
Ta'k of Converting the Old Flagship
Pensacola Into a Training-
School.
VALLEJO, Cal., July 2.— Yesterday be
ing fim of the fiscal year at the navy
yard, quite an additional force of men
were put to work in the department of
steam enjiineeriner, where repairs will be
at once commenced on the Bennington,
Ranker and Thetis. T c Bennington will
be ready for sea on the 15th hist., and there
is a rumor that she will co to China,
though that matter has not been fully de
termined upon.
Word was received to-day from the Sec
retary of the Navy, also from the Chief of
the Bureau of Construction and Repairs,
relative to the time it will take and the
com of putting the old flagship Pensacola
in trim for use as a naval training-ship.
It has been the- intention of tne Secretary
of the Navy for some time to have the
Pensacola fitted for this service, but until
to-day nothing definite has been heard
that would indicate tne intentions of the
department. Just as soon as possible esti
mates will be forwarded to the depart
ment. The ship has had many articles re
moved under the supposition that she was
to be disposed of at auction. Should she
be ordered repaired and fitted for train
ing-ship purposes considerable extra work
at the yard will be caused. The Pensacola
is well adapted for the purpose, being large
and comfortable.
There are many apprentices aboard the
Independence who have been shipped un
'lei the recent law authorizing 100 to be
enlisfd for the service. The quota is not
vet fihed, but it is safe to say that none will
be admitted to this branch of the service
without a good moral character, as Ad
miral Kirkiand recently issued a manda
tory order to the commanding officer of
the receivine-ship that no known jailbirds
or those trying to get into the navy by
keeping out of jail should be enlisted or
shipped under any consideration, and for
this stand Admiral Kirkiand receives the
thanks of all officers ami men in the naval
service on the Pacific Coast.
The Charleston will probably not come
to toe island before Monday of next
week.
The Secretary of the Navy has given
Permission to those in the service on ships
find at the navy-yard who desire to come
to Valiejo on the Fourth of July and
participate in the parade and festivities.
About 100 will avail themselves of the
opportunity.
Orange County Walnut Pest.
ORANGE, Cal., July 2.— Professor New
ton B. Pierce of the Department of Agri
culture, who has his headquarters in this
valley, has discovered a new bacterium,
not yet named, affecting the walnut crop,
and is now engaged in exploiting a remedy
for it.
SAN BERNARDINO SUIT.
Writ of Injunction Granted in the
Matter of the Chino Ranch
Property.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., July 2.—
To-day an action was commenced by Rich
ard Gird againbt C. H. Phillips "of the
Chino Ranch Company and Lovell White
and Thomas Eatoa Walker as trustees.
The complaint prays for a writ of injunc
tion and asks for the appointment of a re
ceiver, for an accounting and the sur
render of the original property, re
straining the ranch company from collect
ing rents until such time as the court can
determine the rights of the property and
for money advanced to pay interest on the
indebtedness.
The complaint recites that a contract
was entered into between Gird and Phil
lips on September 29, 1894. The original
contract was for the sale of Chino ranch
property, subject to a mortgage of $525,000
due the San Francisco Savings Union.
The purchase price was $1,600,000, and
the complaint charges that Phillips has
neglected to pay the interest to the San
Francisco Savings Union or the payments,
yet he has colJected rent amounting to
$150,000 and received from the sale of land
$250,000 in notes and other collateral.
He is alleged to have hypothecated a
large amount of these securities and mis
appropriated the money received. The
complaint alleges that Phillips and the
Chino Ranch Company are insolvent, and
a writ of inanition was granted by Judge
J. L. Campbell.
The court has named S. F. Zombro of
this city as receiver, and Ue will take im
mediate possession of the property and
conduct its business.
This movement will in nowise affect the
deal now pending with the English syndi
cate for the purchase of the ranch, but the
steD is simply taken to protect the prop
erty and the right of all the parties in in- '
terest.
LOS ANGELES COLLAPSE,
Captain Spilman's Famous Sub
urban Water-Bubble
Has Burst.
Promoters of the Scheme Arrested on
a Criminal Charge Preferred
by a Victim.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., July 2.— Captain
Spilman's famous suburban water devel
opment scheme seems in a fair way to be
eternally exploded. It has been known in
certain circles for some time that the
affairs of the Spilman Water Company
were in arvtning but a satisfactory condi
tion, despite reports that an English syn
dicate was just about ready to pay an
enormous sum of money for the paper
plans and an open lease. The captain, on
his own part, has been rustling to raise
the wind and save the enterprise, but a
criminal action instituted to-day by J. T.
Nichols against W. T. Spilman and his
associates, Dr. Green and J. K. Warren,
seems to warrant the prediction that the
jig is up. Sp Iman, who posed as "presi
dent" on paper, was arrested, but man
aged to give bonds, and his examination is
set for the 9tn inst. Green and Warren
have found further operations in Los
Angeles undesirable, and are therefore
absent.
Complainant Nichols alleges misrepre
sentation and fraud on the part of de
fendants in niching from him $1500 in
coin of the realm for the "stock." Nichols
was told that the Spilman Suburban Water
Company had on deposit in the Los An
geles National Bank $70,000, which would
be used to complete the work. After
much talk, from which the affiant gathered
that the Spilman stock was of the par
value of $100 and had a ready market at 75
cents on the dollar, he was induced to
invest
CHINESE LOTTERIES.
In Full Blast With the Knowledge of the
Authorities.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 2.— A local
newspaper surprised this community re
cently by quoting District Attorney Don
nell, who said that a responsible citizen
had told him that Chinese lotteries were
running in this city with the knowledge of
the Police Department. The citizen was
so confident of his information that he
offered to point out every place where a
lottery was conducted. Donnell, seeing a
burly policeman passing, inquired about
the astonishing statement of his friend.
The copper answered that he had a
prisoner to look after just then, and fur
ther said that he had no orders to raid the
place, and would not do so without orders.
To-night v local paper gives a detailed
account of how an impecunious sport had
pawned his razor for 60 cents, and with
the proceeds piayed Chinese lottery with
great success.
The carrying on of these eames forms
one item on tl\e long list of municipal
misrule agitating *he minds of many
prominent citizens, who are planning to
organize a reform movement in order to
clean out the Augean stables.
Death of Two Old Soldiers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 2.— Coroner
Campbell held an inquest to-day upon the
body of August Ushman, an inmate of the
Soldiers' Home, who committed suicide
at the home last evening by taking an
overdose of laudanum with suicidal intent.
The deceased was a native of Germany,
aged 59 years.
Another old soldier named Jatnes But
ler died suddenly at The Palms, near the
home, early this morning. The remains
were brought here and an inquest held
this afternoon.
MODENTO IFANTS THE TERMINUN.
Citizen* Co-operate With Tosemite Val
ley Electric Line Promoter*.
MODESTO, Cal., July 2.— Active opera
tions were begun here to-day to secure the
terminus of the ' Yosemite Valley Electric
Railroad. . The company promoting the
road made a proposition to the Modesto
City Trustees that they would maKe this
place the terminus if the citizens would
provide a .terminal: site and subscribe
$100,000 worth of the bonds of the com
pany. The Trustees met to-day and ap
pointed ten prominent citizens and busi
ness men to begin operations to raise the
money. The committee is com posed of B.
Weil.'F. A. Cnssey. C. R. Tillson, O. Me-
Henry, Dr. T. i£. Tynan, George Perley,
P. H. Medley, James Johnson, Judge A,
Hewel, W. B. Wood. ,
Jnsolvent San ISmtardinan.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. July 2.— C.
H. Conant. proprietor of the Stewart Hotel
in this city, has filed a petition in insol
vency. His assets are scheduled at $75,
and liabilities at $9000, with $4000 secured
by a mortgage on the hotel furniture.
A Keturn to Bm barium.
Such is the title ot a timely article in this
week's News Letter, wherein a strong appeal is
made to the respectable portion of the com
munity to demand that prize-fighting be for
bidden in this City. The News Letter has ever
been on the side of decency and right, and is
(It if: rained to see these disgraceful practices
stopped. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
SUBMERGES
DEMOCRACY,
f Continued from First J\ige.]
and West are honest. They do not want
to see t:^e National honor questioned. It
is only such men as Mr. Whitney who talk
that way. We are all for silver, and we
are going to have a silver platform. Mr.
Whitney and his crowd can rail, rave and
tear their hair as much as they like. They
will have to get in the silver band wagon
just the same, or else get out of the Demo
cratic way."
While Judge Barnes was denouncing
Whitney many silver men who were clink
ing glasses about the tables of the bril
liantly illuminated cafe listened atten
• tively, and at the conclusion of the little
; speech there was generous applause.
| Then the colored waiter stepped up to the
; Judge and remarked: "Boss, yuse done
| spoke immense."
"Do you know John P. Irish out in Cali
fornia?" inquired an lowa delegate of me
to-day.
I confessed to an acquaintanceship with
that cravatless statesman, orator and
naval officer, and he then repeated an
amusing incident in the career of the Cali
fornian.
"It was in the early days," he said,
"when Colonel Irish was a young man.
He was a resident of lowa. We all liked
him for his genial ways and many talents.
One of his chief gifts, you know, is his
! capacity to tell a story, and this one he re
lates of himself. It seems that he had
been invited over to canvass the district
of a friend who was running for Congress
from Indiana. Even in his younger days
he was a splendid orator and" his speeches
attracted much attention. He made
many converts to the cause of Democracy,
and the result was that his friend was
elected by an overwhelming majority.
When John returned home to lowa his
friends turned out and gave him an ova
tion. He was escorted through the streets
with a brass band and torchlight proces
sion. Naturally he was delighted witu his
reception, and it inspired him to do even
better work for his party. Two years
later, when his Indiana friend was run
ning for Congress, he canvassed the dis
trict, but instead of victory there came
defeat, and John returned home with a
heavy heart. There was no crowd at the
depot to welcome him, no fireworks and
no bras? band. The train slowed just be
fore it got into town and let him off and
he walked home through an alley and
went into retirement."
The hotel corridors are swarming with
excited people, and all trains arriving
here to-night bring hundreds of additional
delegates and visitors to swell the multi
tude. Men distinguished for party ser
j vice and others no less conspicuous in
I various walks of public life are here in
j lame numbers.
John R. McLean, who will be named by
Ohio for the Presidential nomination, was
a conspicuous figure in the rotunda of the
Auditorium, so was Senator Blackburn of
Kentucky. Both are looked upon as Vice-
President possibilities, as they are not
considered sufficiently strong to secure
the first place. Ex- Senator Walsh is here
from Georgia, and Francis M. Newlands
is another late arrival. Senator Tom
Johnson and Henry George, of New York,
are looking over the field, while thousands
of promiqent Democrats from every sec
tion of the country are swarming about
the hotel corridors discussing the situa
tion.
Excitement is running high. Heated
arguments between gold and silver men
are heard at every hand. It is like a
wneat nit when the market is panicky.
There are many men, young and old, with
funny things in their bonnets.
Frank McGcibe.
AFFAIRS IN SAMDA.
Rebel Chiefs Refute to Submit to Malietoa
or Pay Taxes.
APIA, Samoa, June 17.— The same un
satisfactory peace which has prevailed
among the natives for the last twelve
months is still the order of the day here.
The Samoan Government about a month
ago sent a peremptory message to the
malcontents of Aana and Atua, to the
effect that if they did not at once bring
their tax money to the seat of government
at Mulinuu and submit themselves to
King Malietoa, extreme steps would be
■ taken against them.
A large meeting was held at Leulumoega
in the Aana district, to consider the Ques
tion. The principal Atua chiefs were
present and replied to the Government's
proposals to the effect that they declined
to pay taxes to Mulinuu or to submit to
t' c King; and as regards threats of pun
ishment they are willing to meet the Gov
ernment in war at any time or under any
renditions.
Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson returned
to Samoa last month.
The British warsnip Goldfinch left for
I Fiji and Sydney on the 4th inst.
SATISFIED THE EXPERT.
American Collegiate Oarsmen Shove an
Excellent Practice Spin.
LONDON, Eng., July 2.— Mr. Ellington,
the rowing expert of the Field, wires to
the United Press from Henley as follows:
"The Yale crew were very much better in
their work to-day. In rowing over half
of the course this morning they started
badly, but soon settled down to excellent
work, covering a great deal of water. They
are assuredly a fast crew. The Leander's
finish was very unsatisfactory. The New
College crew did a very fan minute's row
ing at a forty-two stroke. It was a re
markable performance."
LAURIER TO BE KNIGHTED
The Canadian Liberal Leader to
Be Honored by England's
Queen.
Reciprocity May Be Established Be
tween the United States and
Its Neighbor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 2.-That
the Hon. Wilfred Laurier, the leader of the
Liberal forces, whose party gained a
sweeping victory at the elections in Canada
last week, will be knighted by the Queen,
as foreshadowed in the dispatches from
Ottawa this morning, is not doubted here
in diplomatic circles.
There is some speculation here as to the
extent to which the Liberal party in Can
ada will go in a revision of their tariff
duties so far as their trade with the Uni ted j
States is concerned.
U has been suggested that the Liberals
will endeavor to effect a reciprocity treaty
with the United States similar in its cus
toms provisions to that of 1854. That
treaty was abrogated twelve years later at
the. request of the United States. It was
argued that it provided no market for our
manufactured goods, but related wholly to
a reciprocal exchange of raw materials
principally those belonging to the agri
cultural schedules.
It is :iot believed for this reason that
such treaty would be acceptable to the
United States, particularly, as Americans
living along the northern borders are
already dissatisfied with that feature of
the present tariff law which admits Ca
nadian farm products free of duty into
this country.
It is stated, on the other hand, that Ca
nadians who favor enlarged trade with the
United States will object to a revision of
their tariff laws which would make a
palpable discrimination against the
mother country in favor of the United
States.
A reciprocity treaty would be another
j matter. Sach a treaty would not be en-
I tirely satisfactory to Gr9at Britain, but no
objection would be made by the London
Government so lont* as the Canadians
themselves desired it. Such steps as the
Canadian Liberals may take in tnis direc
tion will be delayed until after the 4th of
next March.
four tilock* tiurned.
GALVESTON, Tex., July 2.— Four
blocKs of the wharf front of the Mallory
Steamship Company, tweniy-six railroad
cars, 5000 bales of jute, besides a large
quantity of baling and ties were burned
this evening. The loss will probably
amount to from $200,000 to $300,000. The
cause of the fire was spontaneous combus
tion of wool.
American Winners in Germany.
BERLIN, Germany, July 2.— In the
trotting races here to-day the July prize
of 2000 marks, 3200 meiers, was won by
Copyright, May Hanley second and Green
Rye third. The Copenhagen trotting prize
of 1500 marks, 3000 meters, was won by
Ella P, Sprucewood second and Lutsch
third.
Mrs. Stater's funeral.
HARTFOKD, Conn., July 2.— The fune
ral of Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe was
held at her late home in this city this
afternoon. The services were of the sim
plest character. The remains will be
taken to Andover, Mass., for interment
to-morrow morning.
Aetr General Freight Auditor.
OMAHA. Nebb., July 2.— Harry S. Stir
ling has been appointed general freight
auditor of the Union Pacific road, succeed
ing A. S. Vankuran. deceased.
TO BE TRIED AT CAPAR,
Change of Venue Granted in the Wells
Came at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., July The pre
liminary examination of A. J. Wells,
charged with an attempt to commit an
assault en the nine-year-old daughter of
B. F. Davisson, was called in the Justice's
Court at Guinda to-day. District Attor
ney Hopkins represented the people and
E. E. Gaddis appeared for the defendant.
Upon the convening of court Mr. Gaddis
moved for a change of venue on account
of the feeling that had been exhibited
against the defendant in this vicinity,
which prevented Wells from having a fair
and impartial hearing. After fully con
sidering the matter the court granted the
motion and the examination will take
place at Capay to-morrow.
♦
SAN BERANARDINO'S HOLIDAY.
The City to Be Attacked rind Defended by
National Guards.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., July 2.—
Great preparations have been made in this
city for a two days' celebration of the
Fourth of July, To-morrow an attack by
adetaebment of National Guards will be
made by another portion of the State's de
fenders. It is arranged that the city shall
be "taken" at 11 o'clock. In the after
noon there will be various athletic and
other contests. On Saturday the celebra
tion will be continued to wind up with
patriotic exercises at the pavilion in the
evening.
Hurglar* at Walnut Creek.
WALNUT CREEK, Cal., July 2,—Burg
lars visited the house of , Judge Samuel
Ramage at Danville last night. They stole
$>V> from the trousers of the Judge, which
were subsequently found on the street.
The Oregon to Go Into Commission.
VALLEJO, Cal., July 2.— lt is reported
here that the Oregon will come up from
San Francisco Tuesday of next week and
go in commission very soon after arrival
at the yard;
EMILE HESTRES IS FOUND
The Old Frenchman Discovered
to Be Dying in the
Almshouse.
He Strayed for Two Days and Was
Finally Picked Up by n
Policeman.
Emile Hestres, the Frenchman who
strayed away from his lodging, 609 Pine
street, June 7, has been found to be in
the Almshouse in a dying condition.
The old centleman went out into the
Mission on the 7th inst. to visit a lady
friend. He did not return home at night and
inquiries on the part of old friends did
not succeed in revealing his whereabouts.
Yesterday Alfred Chaigneau, proprietor of
the Franco-Calif or nien, went to the Alms
house, having heard through an inmate
that the old gentleman was there.
He found Emile Hestres in the in
firmary known as the Last Chance In such
an enfeebled state of mind and body that
it is douDtful whether he was able to
recognize his friend.
"He must have had some mental aberra
tion the day that fee went out into the
Mission," j-aid Mr. Chaigneau, "and in
stead of returning home he strayed away.
Probabl y he wandered about for two days,
though no one can say for certain wkat
happened to him during that time. On
the 9th of June he was picked up in an en
feebled condition by a policeman, and as
he could not give any clear account of
himself, w«S taken to the Almshouse,
where he has been ever since. He was
abie to go on repealing '609 Pine street,'
out they do not seem to have known what
he meant."
Several members of the French colony
who knew the old gentleman in better
days, having learned yesterday that be
was in the Almshouse, communicated
with that institution to see if anything
could be done for Euale He.-tres. He has
been a member of the French Bem.voient
Society for over forty years and therefore
has a right to enter the French Hospital.
Next week he will be taken there if it is
considered that doing so will better hi 3
condition.
"He seems to be receiving every possible
attention at the Almshou>e,'' said. Mr.
Chaigneau, "and even if he could stand
being moved, it is doubtful whether he
would be better off in the hospital.
From all accounts he is very feeble. The
old gentleman no longer seems to have
any memory. As an invalid, he has a per
fect right to go to the French Hospital
but if his mind goes entirely :ind hisnodily
health returns he could not remain there."
It will probably be decided to-day
whether Emile Hestres goes to the hospital
or reniaiua at the Almahouse. From all
accounts, he has only a short time to live,
and it is feared that moving him would
hasten his end.
Mrs. Hull's Estate.
Lydia J. Litchie has applied for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Melissa B Huff
which is valued at $1500. " '
THOUGH CLUBBED
BE FOUGHT BACK,
An Old Artilleryman Stood
Up by a Masked
Robber.
HE SOUNDED AN" ALARM.
The Guard Was Called Out, but
the Highwayman Made
His Escape.
MASK AND PISTOL SECURED
Alphons Zehnder. the Watchman, Had
a Very Narrow Escape for
His Life.
The army post at the Presidio was in a
state of general excitement last Wednes
day nieht. A burglar attempted to break
into the watchman's house in the National
Cemetery, and the guardian being an old
army man at once showed fight. The
burglar pulled a gun, but instead of firing,
he used it as a club. The watchman was
badly cut up with the butt of the weapo n
but he finally aroused the guard and when
they came along on the double-quick the
burglar broke and ran, leaving his pistol
and cap behind him.
When the attempted hold-up was made
Captain McLellan was on duty, and he
makes the following concise report of the
disturbance:
"On the night of July 1, about 12 o'clock,
a man went to the" cabin occupied by
Alphons Zehnder, who is employed at
the National Cemetery at the Presidio,
and called him out, saying that the super
intendent of the cemetery wanted to see
him.
"Zehnder responded, and when he came
out the unknown m3n presented a pistol
and ordered him to hoid up his hands.
Zehnder was not that sort, and, instead of
j holding up his hands, he sailed into the
burglar, and called out lustily for help.
"The robber hit Zehnder on the head
with his pistol several times and cut
his face badly, but. the watchman fought
him off and finally got possession of his
pistol. The sergeant and another man of
the cemetery guard coming up the robber
broke away from Zehnder and disappeared
in the woods surrounding the place, and
could not be found though searched for
by a detachment from the main guard
also.
"The robber left his hat and pistol. He
wore a mask over his face, and cannot be
identified by Zehnder.
"Just what the man was after cannot be
ascertained. Zelinder is an old man and
was formerly a member of the Light Ar
tillery. He has saved considerable money,
I and the supposition has always been that
since the savings bank scare he has kept
his savings somewhere in the cemetery.
When told that burglarß were abroad he
has always langhed and said it would take
an adept to secure his wealth."
The adept has evidently made the at
tempt and failed, but it is doubtful
whether or not Zehnder would not be
better off if he had lost tlie money. His
face is badly cut and his body is one mass
of bruises. He has a pistol and a mass to
show that he was in the fight, but then
he is lying in the hospital at the Presidio
and no one knows when he will be out and
about again. In the meantime the police
have been put on the trial and they are
now busily at work hunting for a clew.
At a late hour last nieht Captain Rob
erts, the officer of the day at the Presidio,
and one of the chief of detectives' men
were out inspecting the ground. Zehnder
was interviewed in the hospital, but he
had no clew to give, save that the man
was desperate and a bold fighter. Had the
old man held up his hands when ordered
the robber would have had all the chances
he wanted. He could have bound and
gagged Zehnder and then gone about his
work in a methodical manner. The old
man fought back, however, and raised the
guard.
As soon as the soldiers appeared the
robber broke away, and, leaving his pistol
and mask behind him, made his escape.
In the meantime army officials are much
NEW TO-DAY CLOTHING.
\ - ■ ■
Day \^
mm ui^mmi, ON WHICH TO BUY YOUR JT\
HOLIDAY SUIT. . ■ isjiiii_ ' II
This is our holiday pres- . h<ss:
ent to you, instead of JffKlii^
cheap fireworks that only M ft^^^ jon
go up in smoke.
men's Dress Suits
Fashionable in cut and in colors, *•■:?. $o!Wk^i
Sacks and Frocks.
Former Prices— sls— slB— 2o. ||ffpt|
ALTERATWdjyR {in gr (in ir Hi
prices -- WO) CplUiOUi 4>lLi4u
■N^ : , There'll be a crowd — early.
oi*^^ H. SDMMEBFIELD & CO.,
JULY. >^ 922-930 MARKET ST.
worked up over the matter and extra
guards have been stationed at various
points around the Presidio in order to
warn off trespassers.
Zehnder 13 very badly cut about the
bead, and was in a precarious condition
last night. _^
Affiliated College* Building.
The persistent efforts of the board of regents
to begin the work of construction on the Affil
iated Colleges buildings have been so success
ful that estimates will now bo called tor. The
plans and specifications prepared by J. E.
Krafft, Martena and Coffey, architects, have
been approved by the Governor, Secretary of
State aud State Treasurer and returned to* the
secretary of the board. Dr. J. H. C. Boute.
There is every probability of the work being
commenced within a few weeks on the site dv
nited by Mayor Adolph Sutro south of the
park and fronting on Parnassus avenue, be
tween First and Fourth avenues.
Ordered the Suits Dismissed.
The libel suits against the schooners Sophia
Sutherlaud and Katie and Anna, which have
been pending in the United States District
Court since July, 1895, were dismissed yester
day by order of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The schooners were libeled for violating the
sealing laws in taking seals within prohibited
territory. It was ."hown, however, that the
parties had not intentionally violated the act,
and the suits were ordered dismissed on pay
ment of a fine of $125.
Building Trade* Officers.
The Building Trades Conncil held its semi
annual election last evening and the following
were selected: President, H. Meyers; vice
president, H. Collin; recording secretary, T. O.
Arthur; financial secretary, \V. Page; treas
urer, C. Green wald; warden", \V. J. Ross; griev
ance committee— J.W. RoscCGrcenwald, E. H
Naglo, W. J. Ross, J. E. McVicker and T. Car
roll; organizing committoe— J. Graham, H.
Collin, L. F. Danforth ; auditing committee-
Messrs. Hincken, Swaboda and Hornbrook.
Had No Account.
Charles E. Katz was arrested yesterday on a
warrant charging him with felony embezzle
ment. The complaining witness is Henry
Hilk, 106 Battery street, who alleges that on
June 27 Katz bought six suits of clothes from
him and gave him in payment a check for .SB6
on the Sather Bank. When the check was pre
sented for payment Hilk was informed that
Katz had no account there.
Cobblestones.
James J. O'Connor has brought suit in the
Justices' Court to make William Forde pay for
fifty wagon-loads of cobbles. The value is
greater than $299, but judgment is prayd for
in that sum. The plaintiff avers that Forde
feloniously took the cobbles.
THEY DEMORALIZE PUPILS
School Directors Desire to
Suppress Teachers'
Contests.
Leave of Absence May Not Be Granted
to Winners of Excursion
Tickets.
The Board of Education held a meeting
yesterday, and Dr. Soper, the newiy ap
pointed Director took his seat. President
Scott tendered his resignation on the com
mittees of Qualification, Visiting and Sup
plies, and Dr. Soper was appointed to
serve on these committees.
The Finance Committee reported the
condition of the school fund July 1, 1896.
I The expenses for the year emiing June 30,
I 1896, amounted to $1,086,424 72; contracts
under way and not paid for, $50,000; total
expenditure, $1,136,424 72. The total re
ceipts amounted to $898,965 09; amount to
be received from the State school fund
$220,000; total, $1,118,965 09; deficiency,
$17,469 63.
A contract for heating and ventilating
the Bernal Heights School was awarded
to W. W. Montague & Co. at $1598.
Contracts tor printing were awarded to
H. S. Crocker & Co., Brown & Bley,
James A. Pariser, Hicks-Judd Company,
John Partridge and Mysell & Rollins.
Leave ot absence was granted to Isabel
S. Wolf for six months. The new rules
were adopted without amendment.
The following resolutions were intro
duced by Director Murdock :
Whereas, Contests for favorite teachers con
ducted by newspapers for advertising pur
poses, distrn.ct the attention of pupils
from their studies, stir up unseemly strife and
rob the children of modesty and good man
ners, therefore, be it
Jtesolved, That the Board of Education here
by express its disapprobation of all such
scheme? and pledges itself to do all in its
power to discourage and prevent them; to that
end be it further
lUsolved, That we hereby give notice to all
j concerned that no leave of absence will be
hereafter granted to any prize winner.
The foregoing resolutions were intro
duced at the close of the session, and in
order to givo time for full consideration
they were, on motion of Director Clinton,
laid over for one week.
CARDS FROM A LAWYER.
Means Used by a Noe Attorney
to Notify Mission Prop
erty-Owners.
Pustals With Purported Warnings
Sent to Members of the De
fense Union.
Mission residents are laughing at the
latest scheme of an attorney of the Noe
heirs to gain the attention of property
owners in that vicinity. The very latest
dodge is the sending of postal cards bear
ing the following alleged warning to prop
erty-owners belonging to the defense
unions organized to fight the Noe claims:
San Francisco, Cal., June 30, 1896.
Noe et al., plaintiffs, vs. Adams et al., de
fendants.
You are hereby notified that you are In de
fault in the above entitled action and judg»
ment will be entered agninst you accordingly.
This notice is sent you that you cannot come
into court and ask that default be set aside on
the ground of excusable neglect. Respectfully,
P. L. Koscialowski , Attorney of Plaintiffs.
The cards, although all hand -written,
are identical in language. Probably the
writer thought that a person receiving a
postal in individual handwriting would
attach more significance to it than to a
typewritten or printed notice.
"This latest scheme," deciarsd Attorney
Van Dnzer of the Mission Defense Union
last evening, "is practically an endeavor
| to intimidate property-owners into buying
quitciaim deeds, :;lthou!rh the writers
were cunning enough not to word the no
tices as demands for money, but as warn
ings.
"The law provides that in case a default
is taken in a .suit it may be set aside
within six months on the ground of ex
cusable neglect, and Koscialowski claims
he is doing this to prevent such a plea
being made. But the fact that the postals
are being sent to those who have been an
swered for by the Defense Union shows
thai the real purpose is to make the mem
bers of the union believe that their cases
have been neglected and to persuade them
to buy deeds.
"Of course, even if they persuaded only
two or three to buy deeds it would be a
money- making scneme for them. One
thousand postals would only cost them
$10, and even if they got two to buy deeds
at $5 apiece they would lose nothinc.
And, of course, the more they get to buy
deeds the more they can scare the otier
property-owners. The scheme, however,
does not work, for the property-owners all
see through it."
Franklin K. Lane, the attorney for the
members of the San Miguel Defense Union,
was indignant that such conduct on the
part of Attorney Koscialowski should be
tolerate<.l by the members of the San Fran
cisco bar.
"If this fellow Koscialowski doesn't stop
sending out such postals, our Defense As
sociation will have to see what the Bar As
sociation may have to say as to such 'pro
fessional' conduct.
"The first of these caseshas been tried
and submitted, and we expect a decision
as soon as Judge Sanderson returns from
his vacation. These people know they
will be beaten; they acknowledged so.
But before that decision is handed down
they want to scare a few more soft-heads
into paying them for quitclaim iteeds. I
hope nobody will be alarmed by this new
trick."
A Holiday Matinee.
A holiday matinee of Sydney Grundy's ptfty,
"A Bunch of Violets," will be given by L. R.
Stockwell's Company at the California Theater
to-morrow afternoon, at which the prices are
to be bin 25 and 50 cents. "A Bunch of Vio
leti" has proved me most successful produc
tion put on at the California during the pres
ent «iocfc soason. "Americans Abroad" will be
brought out next Monday evening, with Kel
ei-y, Beach. Sullivan, Efße and Winona Shan
non, Olive Oliver. Stockwell and others in the
cast. Frederick Warde will arrive in this City
to-day, preparatory to opening at the California
in a dramatized version of "Carmen," in which
he is to appear as Don Jose. Miss Rose Coghiaa
as Carmen and the Stockwell Company in
other parts.
•—• — ♦ — ■»
The Assessment-Roll.
Assessor Siebe s collection of personal prop,
erty taxes, unsecured by real estate, amounted
yesterday noon to if 607,000. Collections close
to-day. Next Monday the entire roll of real
and personal property wilJ be turned over to
the Board of supervisors. The valuation may
go as high as $340,000,000.
Mrs. John Martin Sued.
D. Samuels has brought suit in the Justices'
Court to obtain $108 70 from Mrs. John Mar
tiu. The sum is said to represent the value of
merchandise sola to her.
The Browns Divorced.
Judge Slack yesterday granted Nellie Brown
a divorce from Charles Brown on the grounds
of willful desertion.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
(V Editor and Proprietor. •
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx* three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, our month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall :. 1.00
Weekly Call, one year, by mail 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation • If
80, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
•SO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco. California.
telephone Maln-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS
617 Clay Street,
telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
880 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
t:3O o'clock.
888 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkts street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW . corner Sixteenth and Mission st reels; open
until 9 o'clock. .
8518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
113 Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
008 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
•coins SI and 32. 84 Park How, New York Clt>
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
FRIDAY JULY 3, 1898
ML CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PBESIDEM-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Obio
FOR VICK-rRKSIDEM-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
BLacnon notkxbeb a. isr»^.
The voice of business is for protection.
Chicago expects a circus, but she may
see a hara-kari.
Leave no straw around your premises to
show where the firecracker fell.
See the Glorious Fourtn in Pan Francisco
and take in Monterey next week.
From the fact that Altgeld is bossing the
job we may be sure it will be a bad one.
The silver bolt at St. Louis may be more
than matched by a gold bolt at Chicago.
The only way lor Democrats to escape
the tariff issue is to pet out of the country.
Ask the dairymen and the lumbermen
what they think of free trade and Democ
racy.
It will be silver monometallism at Chi
cago. Democracy always overdoes the
thing.
The people have learned now that what
is called free trade is simply the stagna
tion of trade.
The California delegation to Chicago is
not solid for free silver. Boss Daggett put
a joker in it.
The nearer Democracy comes to anarchy
the better Boss Alteeld will like it. That
is what he favors.
Altgeldism is only Clevelandism re
versed. They are th* two sides of the
same abomination.
There are a good many wool men who
call themselves Democrats, but they are
not free-traders any more.
Cleveland once wished a renomination,
but he would now be glad to compromise
on a complimentary mention.
The Chicago convention is expected to
be a long one, but it may close with a
slam before it is three days old.
By way of idle cariosity the peopls
would like to know why all these Federal
officials are hastening to Chicago.
When Altgeld gets through with them
the Democrats will probably be willing to
accept Buckley as a National leader.
The careless firecracker will be very apt
to drop into the yard that nasn't been
cleaned up, and then it will make a clean
6 weep.
The cruel remarks of Chicago about St.
Louis convention weather will now be re
turned from the latter city at Chicago's
expense.
New York would not mind the loss of
her prestige with Democracy so much
were it not for the fact that Chicago has
lound it.
This is the time to remember that a
little carefulness in guarding aeainst fires
is better than a great deal of work in put
ting them out.
Having done their worst to ruin the in
dustries of the country, Democracy can
ccc no issue before it rxcfpt to whirl in
and try to ruin the bat>k< r->.
It will avail the country nothing to re
establish bimetallism until we have re
vived our industries and put into circula
tion the idle money of the land.
It was all very well for Cleveland to
urge the Democratic gold men to fight to
the end, but to those who are in the fight
it seems that the end has come.
After he leaves the White House Cleve
land may go to England and eet an honor
ary degree all the same as Bayard, for he
certainly deserves one just as well.
There are plenty of cold Democrats,
silver Democrats and bimetallic Demo
crats everywhere, but there are no longer
any free-trade Democrats in any part of
the country.
With the Democratic convention fairly
under the control of Altgeld and bis
Chicago anarchists it is only the accident
of birth that keeps Herr Most from getting
the Presidential nomination on the first
ballot.
It is the aim of the Republican party to
provide every American workingman with
a chance to have a comfortable home and
to give him steady work and good wages
to maintain it. It is for that reason the
people support it.
Harry- E. Wise, one ot the California
delegates to the Chicago convention, is
quoted as saying: "I want to see a tariff
on all raw and manufactured wool. I was
for free wool for xuapy years, but 1 have
got sick of it." There are many more
Democrats in the same fix. In fact the
whole party is sick.
THE COST OF IT.
The exhibit of the operations of the
National treasury for the three fiscal years
of the Cleveland administration show ex
penditures to have been $137,000,000 in ex
cess of income. In addition to that large
sum, there must be added $262,000,000 of
Government bonds that have been sold to
maintain the gold reserve. The revenue
deficit for the first month of the fourth
year, July, is estimated at $10,000,000, but
it will not average more than one-third of
that sum per month during the coming
year. Probably the deficit for the whole
four years of the present administration
will reach $175,000,000, which the people
can make up their minds to pay as ttie
price of the operation of the Wilson-
Gorman tariff law. In addition to the
enormous deficit, there must be added
Government bonds and interest thereon
issued already, aggregating about $500,
-000,000. This is on the supposition that
no more bonds will be issued, but the way
the treasury gold is shrinking, another is
sue of at least $100,000,000 will have to be
made.
That would make the total bond issue,
including interest, fully $700,000,000, which,
when added to $175,000,000 representing
the deficit in the income account, will give
the people a pretty correct iaea of what
the Cleveland administration has cost
them directly. Indirectly the cost has
been enormous, but there is no way of
even approximating the amounts. If one
could figure up the losses to trade, com
merce and industry that the panic which
came upon the country soon after Cleve
land was inaugurated forced the people
to bear, the sum total of the cost of elect
ing a Democratic President in 1892 could
be ascertained, but it cannot be done; be
sides, money would not compensate for
the hunger and other kinds of distress
which tens of thousands of the people have
been aillicted with during the last three
years.
No one supposes that Cleveland or any
member of his oihcial family has enriched
himself to the extent of a farthing during
all these years of trial and trouble. The
difficulty has been gross incapacity. The
substitution of the Wilson-Gorman tariff
law for tbe McKinley act was a blunder
that will cost the country by the time it
can be repealed nearly $1, 000, 000, 000. That
is to say, th<» Government will be in debt
$1,000,000,000 more when Mr. Cleveland
vacates the White House than when he
moved in. The people thought they would
give the Democracy a fair trial, and they
did ; but the bill of cost for the experiment
is yet to be paid, nor 13 there any way of
avoiding the payment of it. In view of
the fact that all this trouble has come
upon the country as the result of a tariff
monstrosity, which is still playing havoc
in all lines of business, it would seem that
the reasonable thing to do would be its
repeal at the earliest moment possible. It
would seem, indeed, that every business
man and wageruan in the country should
ignore all other public issues until that
heavy weight had been removed. It needs
no argument to prove that had the tariff
act of IS9O been left as it was there would
have been no occasion tor issuing bonds,
nor would a revenue deficit have been
possible. The reports of ti>e income ac
count of the Government while the Mc-
Kinley law was iv force show that the
people's financial troubles have come as
the direct consequence of the present
tariff law.
A GOOD THING FOR CALIFORNIA.
It would have been impossible four years
! ago to tind a protection Democrat in Cali
| forniu, but the "woods are full" of them
: this year. At least one of the delegates now
! en route to the Chicago convention will
insist that the piatform declare for better
| protection to the industrial and agricult
j ural interests of the Pacific Coast. That
! one left here firmly of the opinion that the
! money question was of minor importance
I as compared with a little higher fence
around the iron, sheep, fruit, wine,
i tobacco, jrlass, grain and other business
! enterprises of California. In this connec
ticyi it may be saia that the s-ame feeling
prevails to a considerable extent in Pacific
Coast Democratic circles.
Delegate Wise voiced the sentiments of
all California Democrat wool-growers
{ when he told The Call "I want to see a
I tariff on all raw and manufactured wool."
He said he was for free wool ■ while ago,
but he finds that it won't work in business.
Mr. Denigan, who is the head of a large
San Francisco wool house, is also a repre
sentative business man of the Democratic
persuasion in California, and what he says
may be relied upon as correctly reflecting
the opinion of all Democrats who are en
gaged in business pursuits that need to be
protected against unjust and unreasonable
outside competition. To be sure they
still talk of a "revenue tariff," but not the
kind Wilson and Gorman inHicted upon
the country, and meanwhile they want a
tariff that will protect tneir own revenue.
The striking thing, and the thing to be
observed in the declarations of leading
Democrats on the tariff question, is that
business men of all parties in California
are getting closer together on the tariff
question. Their experience in the last
three years in the worKl of commerce has
demonstrated to them the fact that Cali
fornia must have ample protection to her
industries if she is to prosper. It in not
sentiment nor politics with the business
men hereabouts. Ii is business operations
for Drofits, and since protection is neces
sary to profits, why. as sensible business
men, they want, protection. Party lines*
are being obliterated so far as that Ques
tion is concerned, and it is not now so
much a question of party as it is a ques
tion of to whom shall California turn for
succor.
It is not at all likely, however, that the
Chicago convention will listen a moment
to the California delegation on a proposi
tion for something comforting and
strengthening to tiieir business enterprises.
Altgeld holds the wuip, and he is an ultra
free-trader; besides, he intends that the
silver question shall dominate all others,
and thf t if his candidate is elected, the
present tariff schedule will be attended to
on the basis of not less than 50 per cent
reduction — after the mints are running full
time on 1« to 1 silver dollars, all of which
will be good for the party of protection
and prosperity in California.
THE TWO-THIRDS RULE.
From the present outlook it seems prob
able that the great fight in the Chicago
convention will take place over a motion
to abolish the rule which requires a two
thirds vote to nominate a candidate for
the Presidency. The silver men. having a
strong majority, can organize the conven
tion and frame the platform, but lacking
a two-thirds vote cannot nominate a can
didate under the rule without compromis
ing with the gold men. The issue is. Will
they make the compromise or abolish the
rule?
The establishment of the two-thirds rn!e
in Democratic conventions dates as far
back as 1532. At that time there was no
contest in the convention, the delegates
being virtually unanimous for the nomi
nation of Jackson, and the rule was
adopted simply as a precautionary meas
ure to prevent the party from nominating
TIIESANFR^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
at any time a candidate who had only sec
tional support. The object was to insure
the selection of a candidate who would be
fairly acceptable to Democrats of all sec
tions of the Union, and iU adoption was
made without notable opposition from any
quarter.
Only twice in our history has the rule
seriously affected the proceedings of Dem
ocratic conventions. Once in 1844, when
Van Buren, who had an easy majority in
the convention, drawn mainly from the
Northern States, was defeated by the
Southern men and a compromise effected
by the nomination of James K. Polk. The
other was the famous instance of 1860,
when compromise being impossible the
convention at Charleston failed to make a
nomination and the party divided and put
two tickets in the lield; the Northern or
majority winjr beiug headed by Douglas
and the Southern minority by Breckin
ridge.
In both of these instances the Demo
crats from the Northern States dad a ma
jority in the convention and might have
repealed the two-thirds rule but forbore to
do so. In the Chicago convention the con
ditions will be reversed. The South and
West will have the majority and the
North -Eastern States will have to invoke
the rule for their protection. It remains
to be seen whether the followers of Till
ruan and Altgeld will be as loyal to Dem
ocratic precedents and rules as were those
of Van liuien and Douglas, or whether
they will virtually destroy the party by
destroying the continuity of its principles
and practices.
It is by no means sure that the rule
can be overthrown, even if the extreme
silver men attempt it. The Democratic
mind is naturally conservative, and not a
few silver men will refuse to vote for the
abolition of a rule that has so lone borne
the test of time. To repeal it will seem
to many Democrats a virtual dissolution
of the party. It would pive the minority
a good excuse for declaring the nomina
tion irregular and undemocratic, and
would almost certainly result in an f**nt
crn Democratic ticket running in opposi
tion to that from the West and the Souch.
MAKE THEM THE OFFICIAL BATES
The presumption is that freight rates
were too high to permit a laree movement
of traffic before the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Kailway reduced them,
and it is reasonable to assume, too, that
they were not reduced to where the rail
way would sustain a loss. A railway is a
business enterprise for the one purpose of
making money for its owners. Kates are
always made so that the traffic will yield
ample revenue to provide for all expendi
ture and leave a margin of profit. It fol
lows, then, that when a railway volun
tarily lowers its charges it admits that
they were unjustly high and that reduc
ing them does not mean a loss to the car
rier. A railway is in no sense a charitable
institution. On the contrary, it is as soul
less as a boulder in the mountain, and it
does nothing that does not promise ade
quate compensation. Moreover, when a
railway reduces its schedule of charges for
its services it does so because, fiist, they
are higher than tne traffic can bear, and,
second, becauso by reducing them traffic
can afford to move, which in turn increases
the volume of the carried tonnage. Do not
think for a moment that a railway ever
voluntarily establishes a rate-sheet that
provides for less revenue than is required
for the expenditure and profit account.
In announcing ji horizontaicut in traffic
tariffs the Valley road proves without tne
asking that the charges that are permitted
by the Kailway Commission are too high.
No other evidence of that fact is needed.
Thi road admits by iis own free act that
there is a reasonable protit in carrying
tonnage at its reduced charges. That is
all the Commissioners need to warrant
them in making the Valley road's new
schedule the official maximum raie sheet,
not only in the territory covered by that
particular road, but for every mile of rail
way in the State. The Southern Pacific
has met the Valley line's cut, but nnder
protest. The protest, however, is an ex
pression of the road's inordinate greed, as
is fhown in its action in the premises.
The Sontbsrn Pacific was not obliged to
meet the Valley road's cut. It had a per
fect right to hold tast to the charges estab
lished by the Commissioners. But in
meeting the reduction the Southern
Pacific either proves that the old rates
were too high and that tne new rates are
profitable, or that the management of the
road is false to its employer. The man
agement has no more right to entail
losses upon the owners of the property by
reducing rates below the cost of service
than it has to entail losses by burning
station-housps or wrecking trains. Hence,
if the Southern Pacific's owners are losing
money by the management cutting rates
below what the law permits it should be
arrested for malicious destruction of a
trust. On the other hand, if the cut rates
are reasonable they should be made the
official maximum rate for the whole
State.
A COINCIDENCE.
It might be considered a curious coinci
dence that Hannis Taylor of Alabama
should be Minister to Spain and Fitzhugh
Lee Consul-General to Cuba at this particu
lar time. Both Taylor and Lee were raised
in an atmosphere that was always burden
ed with the idea that if not annexed, Cuba
should at least be freed from Spanish au
thority. Alabama has been conspicuous
on many occasions for her zeal for Cuban
independence, and no doubt Mr. Taylor
imbibed plenty of it in hisyouns days, and
the same holds good of General Lee. There
never was an effort made by Cubans for
independence that the South was not ready
to extend a helping hand.
But there is another reason why these
representatives of the United States to
Spain and Cuoa should feel very kindly
toward Cuba— that Is, if it is assumed that
human nature runs right along in the
same old rut and that gratitude continues.
During the war of the rebellion the Cu
bans were very friendly to the South.
Confederate blockade- runners always
found hospitable harbors in Cuban waters,
and a great many Southern families found
pleasant homes in Havana while the war
was raging at home. Of course Cuban
friendship and hospitality -was not alto
gether without protit to the islanders, for
they made a great deal of money shipping
army supplies into and cotton out of the
Confederacy, and on the whole a kindly
feeling prevailed, between the better class
especially, for slavery was a strong bond
of union in those days.
It is not at all likely that either Taylor
or Lee would color facts or too onenlv ex
press their sympathy with the cause of the
Cubans, but on general principles they
may be relied upon to not omit any In
formation in tneir reports to this Govern
ment tiiat would be calculated to at least
set the revolutionists in the true light of
their purpose. It is not at all unfortunate
for Cuba that Taylor is in Madrid and Lee
in Havana.
No sooner did the delegates to the Chi
cago convention find themselves together
on the train than they began to tight over
the question of instructions. It U ever
thus with Democrats,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
E. Harrow, an Englishman who has lived in
New Zealand for toe last fourteen yearn, ar
rived on the Mariposa yesterday with a fine
specimen of the apteryx, or kiwi, the wingless
night bird found only in New Zealand.
The strange-looking creature is about tne
size of a small domestic fowl, and is covered
with what is apparently a hairy coat of mot
tled brown. This apteryx probably has the
honor of being the first one of its kind that
has ever breathed the air of America, though
live kiwis have been obtained for botanical
and zoological gardens in Europe.
If there sver was any foundation in fact for
the notorious tiUeyloo bird, the kiwi must
have furnished the suggestion.
It is most active only at night, and then it
goes about rapidly thrusting its long slender
bill into the earth in search of worms on
Apteryx, or Kiwi, the Wingless Nocturnal Bird Found Only in New Zealand.
which it feeds. While thus hunting it keeps
up a continuous audible sniffing, its nostrils
being located very near the end of the upper
inandiblc. The kiwi, for by this name it is
best known iv New Zealand, is sluggish in the
day time and seems to have great difficulty in
seeing. At night it often catches the large
luminous fire worms, crushes them against
the ground and swallows them. Durlug the
operation phospherescent particles adhere to
the beak, and the hermit-like bird can be seen
in the darkness continuing its search for food.
A remarkable thing about the kiwi in addi
tion to the absence of wings and regular
feathers is the gr«at size of the egg it lays.
The kiwi egg weighs over 12 ounces, or a
quarter of the bulk of the bird itself.
This ki we Mr. Harrow long ago accustomed
to a meat diet, and that is the reason he has
srotit here alive. He hoped to dispose of it
for $25 to the I'ark Commissioners, but was
told that they would willingly accept it for
nothing.
Mr. Harrow lived in South Africa for sixteen
years before he went to New Zealand. He says
he was one of the first to go to the South Af
rica diamond fields from England, to which
country he is now going on a visit to old
scenes.
Gold mining and the digging of kauri gum,
used in tha manufacture of varnish, are the
principal industries about Auckland. The
kauri gum is found in the earth in resinous
lumps, located by tapping with pointed iron
rods. It is one of the principal exports to
America and elsewhere.
Four miles from Auckland, which i~ a city of
about 50,000, is Lake Takapuna, a fresh water
lake only 200 yards from tin- sea, a condition
that does not maintain anywhere else in the
world. The waters of the lake, now used for
North Shore, are soon to become the main sup
ply for the city ol Auckland.
"The class of '96 at the Annapolis Naval
Academy was Doted for Its social functions,"
said Ensign Wurtsbough yesterday as he sat on
the edge of the bureau in his room at the Oc
cidental.
"We were the deuce for the society part, but
not much lor ' savoir,' " remarked Ensign
Tozer from his position on the foot of the bed.
••Everybody said." continued Wurtsbough,
"that '96 was Just such a class for good times
as was the class of '69, and that was always
held up to us as a model in its way.
"There was one fellow." interposed Ensign
Lincoln, and then he pause! and hurriedly
scanned the faces of those grouped about him,
"who was the equal of your Lucky Baldwin
for winning the fair sex. He's downstairs
now with one of the other fellows checking
our baggage, for we arc off for Santa Cruz on
the next train to join tne FhiUdclptiia.
"Well, 'the major' was the spooniest fellow in
the clmss. He took the lead as a ladles' man
from the first, before the rest of us had got
over feeling mean because of the soap the
upper clansmen made us eat and the ink they
compelled us to drink when we entered the
academy in the summer of '02.
'At Annapolis there is a place called 'the
mortar.' It's just a big mortar surrounded by
a number of old cannon, but it's a regular
lovers' retreat. All the spooney couples make
that a stamping ground.
"One night there was a big party on, and
some of the lower classmeu went 'rubber-neck
ing' round the mortar, and they heard
Donbled-barrelled Jr.V voice saying tenderly, i
'Ob, don't call me Mr. Call me Arthur." His
name is a double-ended affair, and lhai'.s why
'the major' hss another nickname.
"But that wasn't a marker to the light inci-i
dent," put In another ensign who had only a j
short time before been discussing Sharkey and
what work on the Philadelphia had done for
him in a pugilistic way. "One night there
was a cruiser in the harbor. It was a deuce of
a dark night, but -the major' was on duty at
'the mortar.' All of a sudden the cruiser :
flashed her powerful search light right on 'the
mortar.' The officer knew from experience In
his own academy days what it might strike.
There were two heads on one pair of shoulders.
Some fellow spoiled what might after all have
been a match by letting out a hoarse laugh
and giving our presence dead awxr."
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
WHEAT AND SILVER.
The Decline tx the PmcHAStso Power op
Pkzciocr Metals.
To the Editor of the Call: In reply to an article
written to your influential journal in relation
to wheat and silver a correspondent named
Nelson saw fit to reply thereto alleging that
an ounce of silver bullion now will and ever
would exchange for a bushel of wheat— that
the two rise and fall together. The article of
mine contained the argument that the price of
wheat is and will be at all times in the future
as long as we export a surplus of wheat fixed
in the Liverpool market and, therefore, will be
fixed in the single grnld standard. That, there
fore, it is the interest of the wheat-grower to
insist on the single gold standard here— ?o
buy, as he sells, in a single gold standard
market.
It was further contended that the fluctua
tions in silver during the transit of the wheat
to Liverpool would constrain the Liverpool
buyer to pay less than be would pay on a single
gold basis of payments here. It was contended
that the free, independent and unlimited
coinage of silver would produce silver mono
metallism here. That, therefore, to the extent
of the prospective fluctuation the wheat
grower here would gel less for Ms wheat.
Wheat and silver nave no relation in value to
each other. They each depend on their own
market. They each depend on the cost of pro
duction as corrected by the supply and de
mand.
The two commodities have never correspond- i
ed in value; silver baa for hundreds of yean
tended to exchange for less wheat. Wayland
in his "Political Economy" of 18-41 writes the
following: -'The quantity of wheat in France!
which was exchanged in 1520 fr>r 512 grains i
of silver was exchanged in 1536 for 10W3 i
grains, in 1002 for 2(X>jsWraitis and iv 1789 for
2012 grains." He turfVir prophetically says:
"Now, as the progress of geology, mining and I
mineralogy will probably «reatly Increase the I
production of tne precious metals in the
luture it is probable that the Drices will con
tinue to tali.''
Before 1873 the price of silver bullion per
ounce w as from 4 to t> per cent from $ 1 29 per
ounce, yet the price of wheat per bushel in
Boston was as follows: In 1798, 60 cent*, ex
changing for less than half an ounce of silver
bullion; in 1803 wheat was 70 cents per
bushel, in 1819 wheat was 80 cent*, in 1820 it
was 60 cents, in 1821 wheat was 43 cents per
bushel, in 1624 wheat was 48 cents per busnel,
in 1825 it was 53 cents, in 1828 It wus 99
cents, in 1834 it was 66 cents (see McCul
louKh's Commercial Dictionary, article Prices).
To-day a bushel of wheat will exchange for
practically an ounce of silver builion, showing
that Wayland correctly taw the future, and
that silver has continued to fall as against
wheat.
Now it is proposed to resist the natural
forces and to artificially force silver to ex
change for more wheat — in other words, to
allow a public law to be enacted to have us
hire the silver mining multi-millionaire cor
porations to conduct thvir own business for
their own profit at the public expense, and
especially at the cost of the wheat-producers.
It. therefore, clearly appears that silver and
wheat iollow their own markets and have no
relation to one another. In relation to silver
monometallism, it may be briefly asserted that
if the mint price of gold bullion is fixed at only
16 ounces of silver bullion for 1 ounce of gold,
that the owner of the bullion will not send his
gold bullion to the mint, but will send it to
the metal merchants of his own country, who
will send it away where the laws of nature
prevail, and where they will give nearly twice
as much silver as the mint does. This is the
reason why holders ot gold bullion Bell none
to the Mexican mint, but sell it to the mer
chants who overbid the mint, and why Mexico
has silver monometallism, .Respectfully,
John Heenan.
A WINDY DAY.
The slant powder In the blast
Is b owing up the bowlders; - .j'.v-
The daughter with pneumatic sleeves
Is blowing up her shoulders.
The baker to the kitchen maid
Is blowing up his crumpets;
The milkman in the lower ball
Is blowing up the trumpets.
The gentle zephyr from the south
Is blowing the narcissus;
The rook who thinks she knows It all
Is blowing up the "missus."
The father, down upon his knees,
Is blowing up the fires:
The daughter 'n tier bloomer suit
Is blowing up the tires.
— V outers etatesma
A LARGE APRON OR ROBE.
A full apron that will cover the entire dress,
and with large sleeves that fit comfortably
over dress sleeves, is a garment indispensable
to every woman. This design is iv three pieces,
besides the sleeTe, Front is seamless, hanging
straight from the shoulders. The back is in
two pieces buttoning in center. The sleeves
ar<> the bishop shape.
Plain or striped ginghams make most ser-
vioeabie aprons. Such fabrics as lawn or nain
sook may be used if something more dainty is
desired.
Lounging or bath robes can be made after
this same design by cutting the back in one
piece and cutting the front in two, and allow
ing a hem on both sides.
It is desirable also for night dresses, which
are dainty and comfortable, made in this way
A deep frill of lace or embroidery may be used
to finish the neck, and may be substituted for
cuffs on the sleeves.
For amateur artists' aprons denim is often
used. This also makes a serviceable areas for
housekeepers to wear in the kitchen.
CONVENTION OF THE FUTURE
Chlcago Tribune.
It was the afternoon of the third day of the
great convention.
The chairman recogn ized the delegate from
Maryland.
Comine forward to the platform the states
man mounted it and turned slowly and im
pressively toward the audience.
"Fellow-members of this convention," he
said, deeply moved by the solemnity of the
occasion and the importance of the mission he
had been selected by his constituents to fulfill.
"I can hardly express the emotions of my
heart as I survey this vast and attentive assem
bly and realise the momentous issues of the
campaign upon wnich we are soon to enter
The responsibility that rests upon us to dis
charge faithfully the duties that have called
us together is one we cannot evade. The peo
ple will hold us to a strict accountability for
our actions here.
"The eyes of the Nation are upon us. Trade
and commerce await with enter expectation
or with silent dread the outcome of our delib
erations. Upon the wisdom or folly of the
transactions of this body may hinge the des
tinies of the Western Hemisphere. It is,
therefore, wi;h no ordinary feeling of pride
that I take occasion here and now to present
to this convention a gavel made from a por
tion of the fence that once surrounded the his
toric spot of ground where grew the cherry
tree cnt down by the illustrious George Wash
ington, Father of His Country, in the days of
his Innocence and trusting youth." [Long
and prolonged applause.]
••The sergeant-at-arnis will *ake charge of
the gavel," Announced the chairman in a dU
tincL and somewhat monotonous tone of voice,
"and place it in the gavel annex of the con
vention hall. It is my duty now to state," he
added, "that the two days and a half set apart
under the regular rules for the presentation
of gavels have now expired. We will pass on
therefore, to the consideration of the business
next in order. Is the committee on perma
nent organisation ready to report?"
The Best Man.
Woodland Saturday Visitor.
The fight between M. H. deYoun* and J. D.
Ppreekels for membership on the Republican
National Committee was won by the latter
and few people will be found who will say the
choice was unwise, apreckels i* the best ban.
PERSONAL.
Judge Dante R. Prince of Fresno is at the
Grand.
J. Harris, a hotel proprietor of Fair Oaks, is
staying at the Russ.
V. 8. McClatchy, proprietor of the Sacramento
Bee, is at the California/
A. C. McGehey of Sydney arrived at the Grand
yesterday from Australia.
Samuel Hoyt, a large dry-goods merchant of
New York City, is at the Palace*
E. H. Winship, one of Napa's merchants, is
! one of the arrivals at the Grand. '
F. Jennings, a capitalist of San Diego, is
| registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel- '.
Rev. J. A. Wickman and wife of Portland,
; Or., are guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. B. Sumner, who has an orange-grove at
Fair Oaks, registered at the Russ last night.
Samuel Allen registered at the Occidental
yesterday with the arrivals from Australia.
J. E. Rawllns, a rancher and stock-raiser of
Hanford, is among those registered at the
Grand. ittT*rf£Js
E. W. Kenyon, proprietor of the Windsor
Hotel at St. Helena, is making a short stay at
the Russ.
Among the Mariposa's passengers that regis
tered at the Grand was G. A. Chapman of New
Zealand.
S. C. Walker, a Tacoma merchant, well
known in the Northwest, arrived at the Palaea
yesteraay.
Mrs. W. H. 'A very of i moa was among the
ocean travelers that registered at the Occi
dental yesterday.
Mrs. L. A. Wbitehurst of Gilroy. wife of State
Senator Whitehurst, Is registered at the Lick,
with Miss Whitehurst.
Dr. C. T. Hibbett, surgeon aboard the United
States steamship Bennington, is making a
short stay at the Palace.
William B. Jones of Boston. ' Mass., returned
yesterday from Honolulu, after conducting a
Raymond excursion - to Japan.
R. P. Grear of the local ammonia works re
turned yesterday from Australia, where he has
been establishing a big business.
J. F. Martin, who is New Zealand mail agent,
and Thomas G. Spies, assistant New Zealand
mail agent, are at the Occidental.
Mrs. Alice Mills, wife of the United States
Consul-General at Hawaii, arrived yesterday
from the islands. She is on her way to Wash
ington.
Among the arrivals at the "Palace yesterday
were the following Londoners: F. Hazel ton,
Curtis A. Rider, R. Ernest Smith and E. W.
Jansen. '
Martin Smith, a young man of this City, re
turned on the Mariposa from a trip to the Ha
waiian Islands, Australia and New Zealand.
He is at the Grand.
Lew A. Norton, Deputy Sheriff of Sonoma
County, is at the Russ. He is awaiting the is
suance of extradition papers, for an embezzler
in the State of Washington.
Mies Fannie Campbell of Sacramento is in
the City visiting friends. She will soon leave
for Seaside and Del Monte, Monterey County,
where she will spend the summer season.
R. W. Dodge, a mining expert of Kansas City,
Mo., returned yesterday from Australia,
whither he went some time ago to take charge
of a smelter for a big mining concern. He is at
the Russ.
Charles H. Brown of Edinburgh, Scotland,
was among the passengers that arrived .on the
Mariposa yesterday. Mr. Brown Is on his way
around the world and at present is a guest at
tbe Palace.
Herbert E. Salt of Coleman, Tex., was a pass
enger on the Mariposa. He has completed a
long ocean trip, during which be visited the
most prominent islands, and in a few days will
leave the Occidental for his Texas home.
B. W. Collins, M.A., Stanford University, is
at the Grand. Mr. Collins is a physicist.
While an undergraduate ha was a most suc
cessful business manager of the college daily j
paper, and was -a Boss Buckley in bis local !
sphere.
E. Harrow, a resident of New Zealand for
fourteen years and for sixteen years previously
a resident of South Africa, arrived at the
Grand yesterday from Auckland. He is on his
way to England to visit scenes familiar to his
boyhood. ; •
Dr. E. B. Foote, who came here recently with
the excursion of eclectics, returned to the
Grand yesterday after having visited the Yo
semite. He is a physician of long practice in
New York City, and is traveling now accom
panied by a private secretary for a sort of va
cation while his son is in charge of his prac
tice in the metropolis.
Five ensigns came up from Santa Cruz yes
terday and went to the Occidental. They have
been on board the Philadelphia, but owing to
the recent arrival of six newly graduated
ensigns from Annapolis these have been trans- I
ferred to the Oregon. Their names are: P. M. [
Bannon, R. Z. Johnston, J. P. Morson, F. D. j
Kama and M. J. McCormack.
Mrs. Isabella Strong, wife of Joe Strong, the
well-known local artist, and the adopted
daughter of Robert Louis Stevenson, left
Samoa on the Monowai for Australia the dar
the Mariposa stopped at Apia. She purposed
to visit her son, who is in college at Welling
ton, New Zealand. Mrs. Strong has been
writing reminiscences of Robert Louis Steven
son for Harpers' Weekly.
E. Valentine, a recent arrival at the Grand
from Juneau, Alaska, where be has lived for j
the last ten years and where he is interested:
in many large business enterprises, says that j
the Sharkey-Corbett fight could easily be
pulled off at Juneau, as the National laws gov
erning Alaska do not prohibit prize-figbting.
He says that they have had a number of bard
fights to a finish near Junean and nobody ob- |
jected.
William Alston Hayne Jr., son of Colonel
Hayne of El Montecito, a suburb of Santa Bar
bara, and an older brother ot Judge Hayne of
this City, is at the Grand. He, too, is a proud
desceudant of "the South Carolina Haynes" to
whom lawyers occasionally refer in court when
attempting to ruffle tbe serenity and dignity of
the little Judge in his positiou as counsel. Mr.
Hayne has long been considered one of the re
liable gallants of Santa Barbara and is as well
known to fair visitors as is Don Carlos de la
Guerra, a scion of a historical Spanish family
I that was in the zenith of its glory during tbe
early days when frijolcs and hides were tbe
principal products of California.
H. Fischer of Bengal, India, is at the Palace
on his way to his old home in Germany, on a
leave of absence. He has been in India since
1874, and latterly has aoted as manager ol the i
Central Dooars Tea Company, of which he !
is a stockholder. The plantation covers
an area of over 1200 acres, all of which
is covered by nourishing tea plants. The aver
age yield, good conditiou maintaining, is from
600 to 800 pounds of tea to the acre, with a
profit of about $500. Tea will grow anywhere
there except in moist land, and as the annual
i rainfall is 200 inches, level undralned lands
I are not the best; The plantation requires
the services of about 1000 native laborers
to keep down the weeds and handle the crop.
There are numerous wild elephants in the
country about, but there is a Government fine of
; over $30 for shooting one. They are being cap
; tured and sold by the Government, an elephant
over seven feet hirh being worm from $100
! to $400, the highest price being paid for one
that will unflinchingly stand before tbe tiger's
roar. They are used for hunting, and are the
only means by which the thick jungle grass
can be penetrated In journeys across country.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 2.-At tbe St.
Cloud— J. H. Mahoney. St. Denis— E. C. Burr.
Union Square— W. Emerson. Imperial— A. D
Perry. Grand Union— W. R. Kimberlee and
wife. R. Foster. Vendonie— W. F. Holden
Broadway Central— W. G. Holcombe. Amster^
dam-S. Howard and wife. Miss Gertrude E
Paine of San Jose left the St. Cloud to sail on
the Nori 1 * German line steamer *ulda for
Genoa.
THE FINANCIAL PLANK.
Santa Cruz Sentinel.
Would the passage by a Be public* a Congress
of a law for the free coinage of silver inde
pendently of the action of other nations be ir
reconcilab.y inconsistent with the financial
plank in the platform? Most people, after a
casual reading of the plank, would probably
answer this question in the affirmative. But
we think it Is not difficult to show that the
question reasonably admits of a negative an
"We are unalterably opposed to every meas
ure calculated to debase our currency or im
pair the credit of our country. We are, there
iore, opposed to the free coinage of silver, ex
cept by international agreement with the lead
ing commercial nations of the world, which
we pledge ourselves to promote, and until such
an agreement can be obtained the existing
gold standard must be preserved. All our sil
ver and paper currency must be maintained at
parity with gold." This is the substance of
the financial plank.
It will be observed that the party Dledges
itself to maintain the silver and paper cur
rency of tne Nation upon a plane of equality
with gold. This is what the party specifically
promises to do. The party also says that v
opposes the free coinage of silver except by
agreement with other nations, but it expressly
bases that opposition upon the hypothesis that
such independent free coinage would tend to
deDase the currency or impair the credit of the
country. The opposition to such coinage is
predicated upon the mere opinion or belief
that the currency would thereby be debased.
There is no pledge that such opinion or belief
will remain unchanged. The only positive
promise made is that the silver and 'paper cur
rency shall be kept equal with gold as money.
This is the grand object to be accomplished.
The party says lhatitdoes not bolieve that this
enn be accomplished if free silver coinage were
restored in thjs country at the Dresent time,
and therefore it opposes such action.
Now, if during the progress of the financial
discussion that will agitate the country be
tween now and the time when the Republican
party takes possession of all branches of thf
Government, it should become clear and plain
beyond the possibility of reasonable refuta
tion that the only way to prevent tbe debase
ment of the currency and the impairment of
National credit and to maintain the silver and
paper currency equal to gold, is to restore free
silver coinage without waiting for other na
tions to act in the matter, it would clearly be
the duty of a Republican Congress to pass a
free coinage law and the duty of a Republican
President to sign it, and if it were done there
would not only be no violation but a faithful
observance of the main pledge in the financial
plank of the platform, to wit: the promise to
keep ail kinds of the Nation's currency at a
parity with gold.
If it becomes as plain to a majority of Re
putlican members of Congress as it now is to
thousands of logical thinkers that the Cleve
lana-Carlisle plan of borrowing gold to keep
up the parity of tbe currency is powerless to
accomplish that object ana tends directly to
the destruction of such parity and the conse
quent debasement of the currency and impair
ment of the Nation's credit, and thai free silver
coinage is the only possible means of keeping
every dollar of the Nation's money as good as
any other dollar, it would be incumbent upon
those members to act in accordance with their
convictions; and if they did so and passed a
free silver coinage law they would act con
sistently with the spirit of tne financial plank
of their party platform.
Republicans should understand that inde
pendent free silver coinage advocates, in
ternational free silver coinage advocates and
honest bimetallists of ail shades of opinion can
consistently stand together on the Republican
platform and each in his own way fight the
common enemy, the gold mo no metal lists.
A PROGRESSIVE DAILY.
Portland (Or.) Universal Republic.
The Call (San Francisco, Cal.) is keeping up
its record as one of the most progressive dailies
by advocating the enfranchisement of women.
It says: "The Call, desirin gto represent the
progressive spirit of the age. and believing it
to be the duty and opportunity of the Republi
can party to assume this position of advanced
enlightenment, urges that the value of women
in politics be recognized as equal to that
which they exercise in all the other affairs ot
coramunitv life, and to this end, that they be
given a suffrage equal to that enjoyed by men.
In order that the readers of this paper may
have an opportunity to study an Intelligent
exposition of the women's cause — which is the
cause of all — the services of Miss Ida Harper,
whose able communication appeared in last
Sunday* issue, have been enlisted, and com
munications from her will appear from time
to time hereafter. The efforts of The Call will
not stop there. It will unreservedly advocate
the movement and promote by every means in
Its power the early success of this great re
form, which has been already too long de
layed in so progressive a State as California. "
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Anxious Inquirer — The Prince of Wales'
motto is "Ich Dien'' all right enough, but it
doesn't necessarily follow that the Czar's is
"Czar Dien."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Life Is short," said the man speeding before
a prairie fire, "and grass is long."— Wichita
Eagle.
"I love you unspeakably, Molly." .
- "But perhaps you might speak to mamma."
Fliegeiide Blaetter.
California glace fruits, sOc lb. Tovrnsond't.*
. •" — — - — — •— « ■— r - .---.
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
..__, — ,_ _
Famovs broken, mixed candies. Townsends.*
«— ♦ ' »
Soft Baby Cream 15c. lb. Townsend's. ./,•//;
« ♦ »
Molasses crisp popcorn. Townsends. * •
——♦—*—•
A nice present— Townsend's California Glace
ruit, 50c. lb., in Jap baskets. \ 627 Market. •
•—»• — » >
To enjoy the Fourth take a basket of Town.
send's Cream Mixed Candies, 25c. a pound. •
. •—• — • — —
, "Manzanita Hall, preparatory school for
boys, Palo Alto, Cal. Send for catalogue." •
m ♦ •
Special information dally to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the Pros i
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
•—• — ♦ — » ' ■ '
Dr. W.Walsham How, Bishop of Watefield
England, announced recently that he had
burned one of Thomas Hardy's novels in order
to mark his disapproval of it, and now numer
ous good church people in his diocese are
reading the novel in question to sec how bad
it is. '.. . ' • . ■ !
Are You Going: East?
Hie Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fe
route — is the coolest and roost comfortable sum
mer line, owing :o its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted 'or the trans
portation of lamlliea because of its palaea draw
inK-rcom and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which ran daily through - from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a ' seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. | Tick
et office, 644 Market reel, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531. , ■ ti > ;
— '• — •—• — • — « <■-- ■ ■ •
Official Itonte to Democratic Nation*
Convention, Chicago.
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern lti.es. Train carrying California
delegates will leave San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. m.
Special rate for the round trip to Chicago $ 72.5 a
Tickets on sale June 30 and July 1.
Sleeptnc-car reservations now on sale at Union
Pacific office, 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommodations. D. W. Hitch*
cock, General Agent, San Francisco. , ; : '-• ■ v' ;."
Northern Pacific Railroad.
Parties attending the- Democratic National Con
vention at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorers at
Washington and National Kdacational Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire Of
T. K. Stateler, Gen. Agt.. 638 Market St.. a F.
"Mrs. Wins low 151 5 Sootbing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother*
lor i heir children whim Teething with perfect sa>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gams, allay*
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels aaJ
the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arUlnj
from teething or other causes. For sale' by Draj
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and as*
for Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup. 250 » bottla.
CoboxaDo.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. *»«
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon farther north. Koond'trip tickets, bystaan*.
ship. Including fifteen days' board at th» Hoc*
Coronado, $60; longer stay 82 50 p«d*y. -*W»r
*J.ew Montgomery sU San Kra-icuco. .
Bkoix to use Acer's Hair Vigor row. and by
the next Fourth of July your hair w;.i be "»
thing ol beauty."
Chou Han, who was the author of many vio
lent attacks on foreigners* which incited the
Chinese in the Yangtse Valley to attack Euro
peans, and who escaped punishment through,
the Chinese authorities reporting that ne was
insane, 13 now in Uunau studying rhristian
books and asking for missionary instruction.
SEW. TO-DAY.
1 INFANT HEALTHJ
I SENT FREE |
$ A little book that should be in every B
111 home. Issued by the manufacturers B
oi tha • ' £
V Gail Borden Eagle Brand |
'( Condensed Milk ?
{I N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. s
«-. 71 Hudson Street, • Hew York tFKIDAV JULY 8, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
California Theater.-"A Hunch of Violets."
. < . : rum* 1 hkatkh— "His Wife's Father."
Mopnsco's OPERA-Hor»K— "One of the Bravest"
Tivoli Opkfa-Hoirf.-"A Trip to the Moon.'.
Cm-HKCv—Hliin-ClasV Vaudeville.
Park Thkatkb— Grove street, between Polk
and Van Ness aye.— "The Rambler from Clare.
SnTRO — Bathing and performances.
Shoot thb Chi-tes— Dally at Haight street,
one block east of the Park.
i n<4].ksii>ic Track— Trotting Races.
•V PICNICS -AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion— To Monterey, Friday. July 3.
KxcT-RSio.v-By the Southern Pacific Company,
Saturday, July 4."
AUCTION SALhS. ■
By Allks CowAX-Thls day (Friday), Furni-
ture, at 913 Powell street, at 11 o'clock.
By Chas. Levy & Co.-This dar (Friday).
Fnrnlture, at salesroom, 1136 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By Frank W. Bfttkbfibi.d — This day
(Friday), Furniture, at 110 EUis street, at 10:30
o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
To-day is "free" day at the Art Association.
The Free Press Defense Association has reor
ganized.
The entries for the Pacific Coast field trials
closed yesterday.
The Board of Trade Jibs joined the ranks of
carnivHl promoters.
The Endeavorers will hold a picnic at Glen
trood I'arkon the Fourth!
The drawing of dogs for to-morrow' 6 run at
Ingleside has been announced.
Dr. C. c. O'Dounell has been sued for four
months' rent due on his office.
A. B. Spreckels has sued John Norman be
cause of a peculiar land transaction.
The lepers at the Pesthouse have not yet
been furnished with Dr. Goto's remedy.
The wheelmen of this City will hold a grand
lantern street parade on the night of the 25 th
inst.
The eighth Grand Council of the Young
Ladii.'s' Institute will convene in this City on
Tuesday next.
In the Thornton-Auzerais suit yesterday Mr.
Thornton's bill of damages was filed. Tne case
goes on 10-day.
Over $400,000 in special taxes will be paid
into the Internal Revenue Office during the
next thirty days-.
The hearing in the Fair will matter was post
poned for another week on account of the i 11-
Dea of Mrs. Craven.
Nellie Valleau yesterday applied for letters
of administration on the estate of ex-Super
visor Samuel Vnlleau.
Eddie liraney received a telegram from Peter
Mnher announcing that the Irishman trill
fight Choyi ski in tiiis City.
The State Development Committee is nearly
ready to istue the new topographical maps of
California and of San Francisco.
The attendance at Ingleside yesterday to see
the trottint: events was light. Marguerite and
Bruno were the money-gutherers.
Captain Witt man stopped the Smith-Gal
lagher contest because of slogging and the
reieree dec.ared the match a draw.
Emile Hestres, the old Frenchwoman who
disappeared three weeks ago, has been dis
covered to be dying in the Almshouse.
In the trial yesterday of Creegan and Becker
for the Nevisda Bank forgery, A. H. Dean or
Seuver ocr.ui.ied tne stand most of the day.
The Weather Office says "fair Friday and
probably Saturday: fresh northwesterly winds,
increasing in force during the afternoon."
Mrs. Mary Yarde-Bullcr has again mortgaged
h £ r property. This time she has borrowed
£2000 on her interest in her father's estate.
iht Young Men's Catholic Union will con
duct patriotic exercises to-night at Metropol
itan Temple to celebrate Independence day.
The Letter-carriers' Mutual Aid Association
will entertain their many friends at the second
annual picnic to-morrow in Schuetzen Park.
Three of the defendants in the suit to quiet
title to the Fair property at Pine and Snnsome
streets have disclaimed any title in the prop
erty.
'n^You'hs.' Directory will* hold a grand fes-
U*m in tne Mechanics' Pavifion In October to
raise funds for a new home and a technical
school.
The banks are bringing suit to have the As
sessor restrained from collecting personal
property taxes from them under his present
assessments.
Jacob Wolf, a barber, was arrested last even
ing for battery upon Frank J. Kane, secretary
for the Pacific Coast Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children.
Rev. Dr. M. Linerer will preach to-morrow
morning in the Minna-street synagogue on
"The Successful Building of the Tower of
Babel in the United States."
A hundred men and seventy teams are now
busily employed upon the site of the new
Union-square Market, which will be completed
and occupied in next October.
Last night the executive committee for the
Fourth oi July met for the last time before the
celebration. The parade will probably be the
finest ever witnessed on the Pucitic Coast.
It was stated yesterdny by a leading Populist
that Meguire will be supported for Congr-ss
from the Fourth in return for Democratic affil
iation in the Fifth Congressional District.
The fiftieth anniversary of the raising of the
American flag in this City is to be fittingly
celebrated on the 9tu inst. by the Exempt Fire
Company, the army, militia and the navy.
' hn Kehoe, a teamster, was arrested yester
day on a warrant charging him wiih grand
larcer.y in appropriating $140 belonging to
ni.- erap'oyer, Ed Tracy, which he got to pay
freight charges on gooas.
A letter received by r mining man in this
city tells of many horrors attendant upon the
Matabelo uprising in South Africa, the tacts of
which have been heretofore suppressed by the
English chartered corporation.
Judge Slack yesterday issued a writ of cer
tiorari commending the Board of .Supervisors
to appear bofore Judge BMweU'and review
tbeir action in iettlug the Folsora-street pav
in.. contract to the City Improvement Com
pany.
The latest attempt of the attorneys for the
Noe heirs to get Mission property-owners to
buy quitcUim deeds is the sending of postal
cards to members of the detense unions falsely
warning them that their suits have gone by
deiault
Suit has been brought by the administrator
of tne estate of Solomon O. Heydenfeldt to re
cover possession of 4674 shares of stock of the
Zeila Miring Company that were transferred
to Ileydenfeldt's wife. There Is an unsatisfied
mortgage of $40,000 against the estate.
At an election of officers held by the Dray
men's and Team-:«rs' Union, Saturday
evening, June 27. the following were
elected for the ensuing term: President,
D. P. Brown; vice-president. S. D. Cole; treas
urer, John S. French; financial secretary,
Weorge C. Evers; recording secretary, J. B.
Niderost; sergeant-at-arms, P. W. winkley;
trustees for long term. D. L. Farnsworth and
William Grutimacher.
The Insmcs Divorce Case.
Judge Seawell yeaerday rendered his de
cision in the divorce suit of Agnes Isaacs
Rzainst Joseph Isaacs. He denied relief to
both parties and took occasion to censure
them severely for their actions, as shown by
the testimony.
Tv -. - - KBW TO-SAT. , . ,
SCRATCh
AND
SCREAM
My baby broke out -with a rash. He would
scratch and scream. It would take two to hold
him, and ono to pnt medicine on him. We hnd
to hold him sometimes an hour before we could
get him quieted down. All said that they never
saw such a face or body on any baby as on him.
I had to tie his hands tight in a cloth, night and
day, for five months. My winter had used CUTI-'
CORA, and I began to use it. After only one
application, he lay down and ttrptM he had not
for a month, poor little fellow. He has not a scar
on him now, and is as fair and his flesh i* ai> soft
as any baby. .. While he had this disease I had to
cut the sleeves out of his clothes, and put gauze
underwear on him to keep him cool. I had to
keep pieces of soft cloth around his neck, it was
so wet with moisture from the f ores, and I had to
change the cloths sometimes ten or twelve times
a day. MBB. A. HAYNKS, L'sbon, N. J>. .
Sriinr Cc«« - Treatment rot Baby Unions — _
Warm bath« with CrnrDRA Soap, and gentle explica-
tion* of Coticc«a (ointment), the (rre»t •kin cure, i
Sold ■ throughout the world. Potter Dkdo ax:
Ch*m. Cosr.. Sole Prop*. Botton. U. 8. A. .
RIVAL DOCTORS
RUSH TO DUTY.
Quarantine Complications
on Board of the
Mariposa.
AN OFFICIAL BOAT RACE.
Two Sets of Papers Had to Be
Mads Out to Satisfy
the Law.
THE RAT PIT OF THE CZARINA.
Men From the Adams Are Dissatisfied
and Many Have
Deserted.
Dr. Chalmers, the local quarantine
officer and Surgeon Rupert Blue of the
United States Marine Hospital service had
another spat yesterday. The Mariposa,
from Australasia, was spoken about 9
A. m. and both quarantine officers were
notified. It did not take the captain on
the Governor Perkins long to get steam
up, and Captain John McFarland on the
Sternberg at once followed suit. Both
vessels reached the Mariposa about the
same time, but the United States officer
held sway and Purser Smith was com
pelled to produce two sets of "ship's
paoers." Drs. Chalmers and Blue both
went over the list of steeraee passengers,
and after a careful examination allowed
them to land.
When the whaleback City of Everett ar
rived last Wednesday, Dr. Chalmers
boarded her and passed on her papers.
In consequence Captain Buckman docked
his ship, and yesterday morning he made
preparations to begin discharging his ves
sel. An order from the United States
quarantine officials stopped proceedings,
however, and it was 10 a. m. before the
matter was straightened out. As the mat
ter now stands all vessels from foreign
ports must have a clearance from the
United States quarantine officer and the
State quarantine officer. One is no good
without the other according to the au
thorities at Washington, and the sooner a
~hange is made the better it will be for
tio'e shipping interests of San Francisco.
The Mariposa brought the following pas
senger list:
From Australia— Hon. W. S. and Mrs. North,
Colonel and Mrs. Santa Maria, Mr. and Mrs. 8.
Allen. Mr. nnd Mrs. W. D. Hagpard, Mr. and
Mrs. Jenkins; Mr. and Mrs. A. Yates, three chil
dren and maid; Mrs. O'Rorke, Miss A". Mc-
George, Miss Wiison, Dr. Bloch, Mr. Agassis,
William Allen, Mr. Barber, W. J. Beck. Mr.
Chapman, T. L. Craig. F. H. Curt;.-;. K. W.
Dodge, H. Fischer, A. J. GreenshieM, R. P.
Grier, C. A. Harris, E. Harrow, Mr. Janson, K.
J. McDonald. M. P. Rodgers, A. W. Ryder. H.
Salt, F. G. Shelton, Robert Short, R. E. Smith,
Mr. Tarbutt, C. M. Terry. W. P. Warner, H.
Williams, S. Yates, A. C. Gahey.
From Honolulu— Willard Terry, G. W. Brown,
Edwin Fuller: Lieutenant O. La.-her, I. S. N.J
T. E. Smith, W. Schneckendrick, J. 11. Carey,
S. N. Hoyt. W. B. Jones, S. Witkowski, Robert
Hind, Mrs. Hind, James Renton, Mrs. Renton,
Miss A. Wright, Mrs. Warner, Miss O. Cameron.
M. S. orinbaum, Mrs. Grinbaum, Miss E. P.
Judd, A. Ingalls, Mrs. Thrum, Miss Thrum,
Samuel Wilcox, Ralph Wilcox, Miss Patch, Mrs.
Cranaall, Miss Jaffers, Dudley Bates, Mrs. E.
Mills. Miss M. Kennedy, Miss A. Kennedy,
Charles H. Brown, Martin Smith.
The Mariposa brought up four black
swans and a wallaby for the park. The
miniature kangaroo stood the voyage weJl
but the swans did not fare so we'll. They
drooped during the midocean run but be
gan to picK up as soon as the coast of Cali
fornia loomed up. They \v ill be in Stow
Lake to-day ready to welcome the glorious
Fourth.
Among the arrivals on the Mariposa
yesterday was Mrs. W. H. Avery, wife of
the popular representative of the Pacific
Mail Company. Six months ago she left
here an invalid, but a tour of the South
Sea Islands has restored her to perfect
health and she looked like a new woman
as she stepped off the gangplank of the
Mariposa yesterday.
Captain Towbry of the bark Don Carlos
was also a passenger. While at Honolulu
his leg was broken and he was compelled
to come to San Francisco for medical
treatment.
Lieutenant Lasker of the Adams is here
on a peculiar mission. His wife accom
panies him, and, while he is apparently
on "sick leave," it is known that he is on
"recruiting service." Over a score of
men have deserted, and the vessel is
short-handed. Some of the deserters
came up on sailing ships, and the Aloha
had two of them when she arrived in port
a few days ago. Tne J. G. North had sev
eral, and the Alden Bessie and Robert
Lewis had one or two more. All in all,
the crew of the Adams seems to be more
than discontented, judging by latest ac
counts.
The steamer Syarina, lying at Folsom
street wharf, is infested with rats. Cats
will not tackle them, and the night watch
man is kept awake keeping the rodents
away from the soles of his shoes. If he
ever dares take a wink they start in on
his feet covers, and their gnawing soon
wakes him up. The hold of the vessel is
now almost empty, and a ratting main
may be arranged.
Vallejo is to have a water carnival to
morrow night and excursions are in order.
Piper, Aden, Goodall & Co. will not run
the Sunol, a.s they say all the townspeople
should remain at home on that occasion.
In consequence their vessel will not leave
her dock and no one will be able to get
here from Vallejo on the Fourth on the
Sunol. San Francisoo people, however,
will be able to get to Vallejo, as Mannie
Fogel will run the Ida W from here to
Vallejo and back, thus giving all a chance
to view the carnival.
Tom Sbarkey visited the Charleston
yesterday. Ah soon as he set his foot on
the raneplank the boys seized him and
carried him si.oulder high all over the
ship. He was the herooi the hour, and as
such was treated by t':e officers.
Captain Parker of the launch Belvidere
will curry pas-sen^em to the Charleston on
July 4 and 5. He will run excursions at
short intervals during both days.
A PECULIAU LAND DEAL.
A. B. Sprrckelß Sue* John Norman for
Selling laid Not His Own.
A. B. SpreckJe has entered suit against
John Norman because of a transaction in
which Norman conveyed land in Coos
County, Oregon, to Mr. Spreckels.
It is claimed that Norman had no title
to a portion of the land which he sold to
the San Francisco man. Norman received
$9500 cash at the time of the trims er and
promissory notes for $55,000, payable July
1, 1896. July 1, 1897, and July 1, 18'J8, were
made to cover the balance of the purchase
price.
Judge Slack has issued a restraining
order, prohibiting Norman from nego
tiating the paper until the case can be
heard in court.
Was Mrs. Craven Married to James G.
Fair?
You will find some entertaining thoughts on
this subject in this week's News Letter. An
other Interesting article appears on the sliver
question and hard times and a patriotic Fourth
of July poem appears over the name of Dan
O'Connell. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
The Sternberg and the Perkins, the Rival Quarantine Boats, Racing for Official Supremacy on the
Mariposa.
ALMA JOSSLYN
AS HIS WIFE.
Dr. Marten Will Appeal to
the Board of Health
for Help.
LOVE LETTERS SHOWN.
The Doctor Says the Girl Was
Intimidated Into Repudiat
ing Him.
LOGAN CALLS MARTEN CRAZY.
Miss Josslyn Still Confined and Ex
cluded Particularly From
Reporters.
The Josslyn- Marten case has taken a
new turn. In life or song or story, "the
course of true love never did run
smoothly."
Where yesterday threats to kill were
uppermost to-day real tears and sighs re
place them.
When the alarm bell of his office door
sounded yesterday afternoon a German
physician, his hair newly combed back
from his forehead, appeared suddenly
through a side door. He was Dr. Arthur
Marten, who is out on bail on a charge of
threatening to kill Alma Josslyn, the deli
cate young woman he has lived with three
years and who has borne him two babies.
Whoever has seen Sol Smith Russell in
"The Poor Relation" and the "shabby gen
teel," will see a picture of the Dr. Marten
of to-day. But it was not always so with
the doctor. A few years ago he wore dia
monds almost as large as a thumb-nail,
even to the extent of baring one in his
collar-button. When arrested last Wednes
day afternoon he had 30 cents in his pos
session.
When the caller from The Call intro
duced himself the doctor's eyes at once
filled with tears, and the first thing he said
was:
"Oh, my heart is broken! I am a
ruined man! God help the mother of my
two babes!"
Then the physician impulsively pulled
himself together, and in a few moments
wa« calm. The scene and the action were
dramatic, but he did not seem to have
purposely made them so. His emotion was
genuine or he is a subtler actor than Sol
Smith Russell ever was.
The new turn the case baa taken !
is this: Dr. Marten declared his inten
tion of taking the case of Miss Josslyn
immediately before the Board of Health.
He claims that the young woman was not
completely treated in her recent confine
ment, that she is suffering from puerpal
mania, and is being imposed upon and in
timidated by his enemies and hers, for its i
effect on the suit now pending of Miss j
Josslyn arrainst George Staacke for $50,000 i
damages for seduction.
In order to expose his affection for Miss
Josslyn, and tier love for him, the doctor
■bowed several letters she had recently j
written him, and several he had written ■
her, which he had taken from the pillow I
of her conch the last time he visited her j
at 1322 Mission street. These letters !
breathed love in every paragraph. They j
were not model letters, according to liter- j
ary rules, but the expression was there, i
and plenty of it, and "love understands." ;
The pet names that each applies to the i
other in the letters is "Pummie." This the i
doctor confidingly explained is on abbre
viation of that yellow, solid and succulent
vegetable, the pumpkin. It means, " Anna
you are my pumpkin and I am yours."
Don Juan might have envied the fervor of
these epistles.
Dr. Marten, in telling his story, said:
"The last letter I received from Alma was
dated Jtfne2l. As you see it is replete
with affection, though my soul detects a
change in its tone which you cannot see.
It speaks abont putting the babes in an
orphan asylum as though I knew all about
it, but I have never mentioned orpnan
asylum to her on any of my visits. I love
those children and her. She bore them
for me. I will defend and protect them
all with the last drop of my blood," and
saying this the doctor significantly tapped
!n> wrist.
"I have learned," he continued, "that
soon after my wife — "
Dr. Marten evidently did not mean to
use the word wife. He recovered himself
quickly and resumed —
"I found out that not long after Alma
went to the house of Mrs. Small, at 1322
Mission street, a woman took board and
lodging there. She was a sort of Spiritual
ist. Pummie mentions her in one of her
letters to me. These letters came by a
messSnger-boy, or by Dr. Lo an, who at
tended her confinement for me. Now,
this woman boarder has, taking advantage
of Pummie's weak physical and nervous
condition, intimidated her and turned her
against me. Ido not know who sent this
woman there. The result is that I have
not been ahle to see her for two weeks
and she has brought a suit against me in
another woman's name for threatening to
kill her. Why I would , kill myself before
I would harm a hair of her head. Why,
during the years that we have lived
together we have not had even a cross
look.
"I took her up and befriended her when
others had cast her out. Later, we became
more intimate. My time and most of my
money has since >:one to the defense of
her honor, and I am in that fight to stay.
If at this time I should say I am her hus
band, it might be a legal error in consid
eration of the other suit. If any money is
received in that suit her attorney has been
directed to give it to an orphan asylum
and in other charities. Why, Staacke pro
posed to compromise with me in my
claim for niedical services, and I would
not accept it.
"This young woman is suffering from
mania as a result of childbirth. I know
it," he said. "She has had 3 degrees of
fever for weeks. Think of thatl You
know a woman fades like lightning— in
two or three months sometimes. I know
what is the matter with her. They are
poisoning her against me and trying to
till her for their own purposes. But they
shall not be able to do it. I shall go to
the Board of Health, demand an investi
gation, and we shall then see who is right.
Oh, if 1 could only see her," said the
doctor plaintively. "I know she would
put her arms around my neck and kiss
me."
Dr. M. H. Logan attended the last con
finement of Miss Josslyn for Dr. Marten.
He says he heard her tell officers of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children that Dr. Marten had threatened
her life. He says she is weak and nervous
ami on the verge of consumption. Drs.
Logan and Marten have offices on Grant
avenue, between Geary and Post streets.
The former remembers when, several years
ago, Dr. Marten was resplendent with dia
monds. He now says:
"Dr. Marten seemed to have plenty of
money several years ago, but recently he
has not been so well off. He eot me to at
tend to this case, saying the young woman
had an estate and that I would eventually
be paid out of it when it was settled up.
"He has seemed to have some great bur
den on his mind for some months," Dr.
Logan said. "He talked about being
ruined and broken-hearted, but he never
explained why. His actions were very
peculiar. I do not think the doctor is
mentally sound. He called on her, but
she was afraid and would not see him.
He sent her medicine. which she was afraid
to take, and the thermometer he sent to
take her temperature was never used by
her. It always registered 103, which is an
abnormal temperature, and that one thing
made Dr. Marten suspect that she was
not treated properly. The young woman
is doing nicely. The only thing the mat
ter is that she is afraid Dr. Marten will
kill her and their babes and she won't see
him.
"She admits that she was forced to
make an affidavit in the Staacke case that
was untrue," Dr. Logan said, "which
amounts to blackmail.' 1 And so the doc
tors disagree.
Dr. Marten has been living at his office
and in Oakland with Miss Josslyn several
years. Tnere is no doubt that the doctor
would not hesitate to say they are legally
married if there were not legal reasons in
the way at present,
Miss Josslyn is still with Mrs. Small at
1322 Mission street. Nobody is allowed to
see her, particularly reporters. Mrs.
Small receives visitors at ths bottom of
j the front steps. Yesterday afternoon she
talked to a Call reporter there, saying:
"I am not allowed to talk and 1 have
nothing to say. We have instructions to
let nobody in to see Miss Josslyn.'
"Who are those instructions from, her
attorney?"
"That is our business," replied Mrs.
Small.
"Has Dr. Marten been hereto-day?" was
asked.
"No, sir. If he comes he will be ar
rested. The poor girl is afraid of him,
| and he shall not see her aerain. He made
| her worse every time he called. You need
not come here, because you can't see her."
While Mrs. Small talked thus decisively
j a lady inside advanced to the basement
1 window, pulled aside the lace curtains
and a face resembling Alma Josslyn's
peered out and then shrank from view.
MARTEN IN COURT.
Admission That the Girl Is His
Wife a Bar to Further
Prosecution.
Dr. Marten appeared in Judge Camp
bell's court yesterday morning to answer
the charge of threats to kill. He was rep
resented by Attorney Walter Gallagher,
who immediately moved for a dismissal of
the case on the grouud that the complaint
was defective, inasmuch as it had been
sworn to by Mrs. E. A. Basford, who was
not the complaining witness.
Tne Judge refused to dismiss the case,
but continued it until this morning, when
he said he would give his decision on the
motion.
Alma Josslyn was In court, accompanied
by Mrs. Basford and Officer McMurrav of
the Society for the Suppression of Vice!
Immediately after the case was con
tinued the defect in the complaint was
remedied by Alva Josslyn swearine to a
new complaint, which will be served upon
Dr. Marten in court this morning.
Dr. Marten is out on bonds, his bonds
men being Attorneys Gallagher and Mar
tin Quinlan. He wailed outside the court
room till Miss Josslyn went out. As soon
as he saw her he clasped his hands and ran
toward her, saying:
"Come to me, my darling; come tome."
Officer McMurray pushed him away, and
kept him at a respectful distance till the
girl and Mrs. Basford got safely out of the
ball.
it was the intention to prosecute the
doctor for betrayal under promise of mar
riage, but no steps in that direction will
be taken. The betrayal occurred five years
aeo when the i;irl was 15 years of age, and
besides his public admission that she is
his wife is a bar to prosecution.
MRS. CRAVEN STILL ILL.
The Hearing of the Case Postponed for
Another Week.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven was still too ill to
attend court yesterday and the inquiry
which was set to be heard before Judge
Slack was postponed for a we*k. Attor
neys for both sides were in court, but the
statement of the situation with regard to
Mrs. Craven met with no opposition.
The shooting that had taken place in
the court a short time before the hour
for the bearing made the court a ready
listener to a motion to postpone.
N. P. C. R. R.
Excursion tickets (via Sausalito ferry) to the
giant redwood forests of Marin and Sonoma
counties, good Irom July 3to 8. Fourth of
July trains run on °>u'nd«y time and rates. •
In Republican Rank*.
The Scandinavian Independent Republican
Club was organized last evening at 35 Eddy
street. Some 200 members joined and elected
L. C. Larsen president and V. Koenlg secretary.
WILL MAKE HIGH
ASSESSMENTS,
Trouble Between the Local
Banks and the As
sessor.
SOME INJUNCTION SUITS.
Courts Asked to Prevent the
Collection of Taxes
Due.
SWORN STATEMENTS REJECTEP
The Valuations Were Taken From
the Reports to the Bank
Commission.
There will be trouble and law and in
junction suits ana plenty of work for
lawyers and the courts before the assess
ment of the bank? has been settled and
the taxes paid. Two suits to enjoin the
Asse.-sor from collecting the personal
property tax from the Bank of British
Columbia and the Crocker- Woobworth
Bank have been commenced and more
will follow.
The suit of the Bank of British
Columbia was filed yesterday. In the
complaint it is stated that the assessment
levied by the Assessor is for $2,155,250,
when, as a matter of fact, it should be but
$459,063, and then it goes on to give par
ticulars. It has furniture valued at $1000;
solvent credits not secured, worth $1,537,
-355: money to the amount of $346,468 and
$250,000 belonging to its agencies outside
of San Franc ; scn. The bank owes to its
depositors $1,475,760, and this, it says,
should not be taxed. The $250,000, the
bunk claims, should not be taxed either,
and the value of the solvent credits should
be so scaled down by offsets as tv reduce
the total assessment to $459,063. The
Assessor has taken the cash, the agency
money and the solvent credits, and with
some offsets has made the total the
amount of his ass-essrnent.
The question which has arisen concerns
just what portions of the personal prop
erty of the bank is taxable. The bank
claims that money due from other banks
outside of the State is not taxable here,
for it is already taxed in the States where
it is held. Again, they claim that loans
on bonds are not taxable because the se
curity for the bonds, the property upon
which the bonds are issued, has already
been assessed, and to assess the loan as
well would be to assess the property twice.
In answer to this contention "the As
sessor claims that bonds are solvent
credits in the taxable sense of the word.
Loans upon them stand in the same rela
tion to the personal property tax as the
mortgage does to tne real property tax.
In the one the mortgage is deducted
from the value of the real estate and toe
tax is divided between the owner of the
property and the owner of the mortgage.
In the other case the borrower will make
his note as well as put up his bonds as col
lateral, the loan will be deducted from the
value of the bonds and the tax must be
divided between the bond-owner and he
who holds the bonds as security.
Assessor Siebe has taken for the basis of
his assessments on the banks the state
ments turned in to the Bank Commis
sioners, and not the sworn statement
made by them to him. Each bank has
rendered an account of its property, but
these have not been followed to any extent,
and so the banks are up in arms.
It had been announced that the taxes of
the City would be raised about $30,000,000
and of this amount $20,000,000 should be
secured from the banks and similar insti
tutions. To ihh end the statement, of the
banks to the Assessor were rejected as be
ing too low and their reports to the Bank
Commissioners were taken instead.
As soon as notified of the Assessor's in
tention the banks prepared for a contest,
and the result of the preparations is shown
in the suits just filed. There will be more
suits from the other banks and the whole
matter of bunk assessments will be brought
into court.
In the Assessor's office the case is ex
plained as a difference of opinion between
the Assessor and the banks as to what as
sets are liable for taxation and what are
exempt. Tiiis, the Assessor says, he wants
the court to determine, and hence his
course of assessment according to his own
ideas.
STRUCK THE WRONG MAN.
Jacob Wolf, a Barber, Arrested for
Bnttery Upon Frank J. Kane.
Jacob Wolf, a barber, made a mistake
last evening when he attempted to knock
out Frank J. Kane, Secretary of the Pacific
Coast Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
Mrs. Joseph, whose husband, a patrol
driver, recently committed suicide, went
to Kane's office on McAllister street yes
terday afternoon, accompanied by her
mother. They raised a disturbance and
Kane politely but firmly showed them the
door.
They "went to Wolf and complained to
him about Kane's treatment, and he went
to the office to demand satisfaction. He
struck Kane, who promptly placed him
under arrest, and, with the assistance of
Policeman T. J. Coleman, took him to the
City Prison, where a charge of battery was
booked against him.
The present Mikado of Japan is the one
hundred and tw«nty-thira in the direo
line of succession.
POPULISTS UNITE
Some Interesting Statements
From One on the
Inside.
MAGUIRE'S CANDIDACY.
Populists May Support Him in
Return for a Fusion in
the Fourth.
ROGERS NAMED FOR MAYOR.
Warda 1 Says Sutro May Accept a Con
gressional Nomination From
the Fifth.
According to reports from the ranks of
both parties the Populists of this City have
arrived at what may be considered a har
monious agreement as to Congressional
nominations from the Fourth and Fifth
districts. Thougli the element of uncer
tainty still remains, owing to the action
on the monetary question that may be
taken by the Democratic National Con
vention at Chicago, yet it is commonly
believed that the slate will not be dis
turbed.
On the authority of a leading Populist
the leaders of that party have expressed
themselves as thoroughly satisfied with
the record of Judge Maguire in the
Fourth, ana therefore will make no nom
ination against him.
On the other hand, it is tacitly acknowl
edged that the Democrats, in considera
tion of this fact will make no nomination
in the Fifth, leaving that district solely to
the Populists.
Various prominent Democratic andPop
nlist politicians have met and discussed
this proposition with the result that
Mayor Sutro has been interviewed rela
tive thereto. Two men are commonly
spoken of as available among the Popu
lists for a candidacy in the Fifth, the
Mayor himself and Taylor Rogers. The
latter is personally in favor of the May
or's running.
Many Populists would prefer Rogers as
a candidate for Mayor rather than for
Congress. This is well known in political
circles of all parties, as those who are in
clined to think in that manner have made
no secret of it.
E. M. Wardall, chairman of the Popu
list State Central Committee, was ques
tioned in regard to the foretroing facts yes
terday and replied substantially as follows :
"In regard to a fusion of the Democrats
and Populists in the Fourth an<l Fifth, I
am not entireiy at liberty to speak. My
personal opinion is that it will depend in
gr«*ai part upon the attitude of the Demo
crats toward the money question in the
coming National Convention.
"As regards Judge Maguire lam willing
to put myself on record as saying that
the party with which I am arh'liated is
thoroughly satisfied with his record. In
fact, we regard him as a man who repre
sents vastly better principles than the
party of his choice.
"ijither the Mayor or Mr. Rogers would
be an acceptable candidate in the Fifth.
Rogers himself, I understand, is in favor
of the Mayor. The Mayor is anxious that
the City government should be conducted
in accordance with pure, clean and econ
omical principles. If he regards it as
necessary he is willing to be a candidate
again for the office of which he is the in
cumbent.
'"That Mr. Rogers is the choice of a
large number of Populists for the office of
Mayor is also true. But this must not be
taken as indicative of a split in the party.
Whoever is nominated will receive a
unanimous vote.
"There is one thing certain, however,
that is admitted by all. Nothing definite
in the way of selecting candidates for any
office will be done until after the Populist
Convention at St. Louis."
CRITTENDEN THORNTON'S BILL.
It Is Against Mrs. Auzerais-Hoyte and
as Long as the Law'i Arm.
The proceedings in the suit of Mrs. Crit
tenden Thornton against Mrs. Lucy
Auzerais-Hoyte were technical yester
day. The testimony heard was almost all
that of tradesmen, who told of the repairs
they had made in Mrs. Thornton's house
after Mr 3. Hoyte's departure.
It developed that $25 was paid for fixing
the inlaid floors, $25 for repairing the
clocks, $150 for going over the furniture
and other sums for cleaning carpets, cur
tains, etc.
Mr. Thornton's list of damages inflicted
on his defenseless belongings was filed in
evidence and in a long and curious docu
ment.
When court closed for the day the case
was still unfinished.
His Fovtunato Escape.
If. Dyer, proprietor of tin, copper and sheet
iron works, 763 Mission street, was crossing
the street last evening near his premises,
HEW TO-DAY.
Do you know that deli-
cacy and charm of tea-
flavor that not one in a
thousand in America
knows, and that is an
everyday matter to people
who live in Japan?
Did you ever taste tea
in Japan or China or Cey-
lon or Schilling's Best in
• America?
They are the same. Tea
roasted in Japan is not
Japan tea to you any more
than English mutton is
mutton except when it is
fresh.
Schilling's Best — mon-
ey-back tea at your grocer's
— is fresh-roasted.
A Schilling & Company
San Frani-isco 317
DR. A. BARKAN
HAH RETURNED FROM KTTROPE AND RK-
suoieU practice at tils office, 11 Urant avenue.
__^ KEW TO-PAT.' '
I Poor
• |Q v. ■\J\JM.
I Pilgarlic; I
$ there is no need for you $
| to contemplate a wig
ftjj when you can enjoy the (|
H pleasure of sitting again [|
($ under your own "thatch." |j
njj You can begin to get g)
I your hair back as soon (v\
raj as you begin to use :i |^;
1 . Ayer's I
M »» • -10)
I Hair Vigor. ||
wlien he was knocked down by an electric-car.
The blow fortunately knocked him clear of the
truck, which ssved him from being crushed.
He was picked up and taken to the Receiving
Hospital in a semi-conscious condition. Dr.
Kearney found that no bones were broken, but
the pntieiit was suffering considerably from
the .-hock to his system.
The Public Library to Close.
The officers of the Public Library have deter
mined to take advantage of the two holidays,
the 4th and 7ih of July, coming so close to
gether to comr>lc>te some repairs, chiefly paint
ing. The library will be closed from the 4th to
the 7th, inclusive.
• ♦ ♦
Excursion Tickets Extended.
In view of the fact that the Governor has de
clared July 7 a holiday, the Southern Paciflo
Company has extended^the limit on all excur
sion tickets sold to poiuts within the State to
July H.
NEW TO-1> AT— AMUSEMENTS.
This Week Only. Matinee Saturday.
LAST. TIME SUNUAY NIGHT.;
Sydney Grundy's New York and London Triumph
"A BUNCH OF VIOLETS"
A POWERFUL PLAY,
POWERFULLY INTERPRETED BY
L. R. Stockwell's Company of Players!
Including MR. HERBERT KELCEY, '
MISS EFFIE SHANNON
and the Star Cast.
Evening, 15c, 25c. 35c, 500, 75c;
Matinee, 25c and 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— The Comedy Drama Success
"AMERICANS ABROAD," .
By Vlctorien s->rdou. author of "La Tosca," "Fe-
dora." etc. Superbly staged. Handsomely Co*»
turned. SEATS NOW READY.
July 13- "CARMEN," with Frederick Wards,
Rose Coghlan and entire gtocbwell Co.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas- is.Kj.itaTij.-ic Kkklin-o, Proprietor & Manag«
TO-KTIG-ECT!-
18TH ANNIVERSARY:
SOUVENIR NIGHT?
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE,
"A TRIP TQJHE ION"
3IONDAY EVENING, JULY 6,
OPENING OF THE GRAND OPERA SEASON
Under the Direction of Mr. Uustav Hinbichs.
Repertoire.
Monday, Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday, *->„
"LUCIA" (In Italian).
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday,
"ROMEO AND JULIET" (in Englls
Entire Eastern Company.
Enlarged' relies Augmented Chorus i
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
«3 Pod- ;ar Prices— 2sc,,and sOc. •:
r«OLAfIQtR.6OTTU?D<t p.- uScjAnorwwems—
IT "T BECOMING
IS | STALE
To Tell of Our Great Houses— Newest Thins Is
The 6th Clause, one of the Laughing Hits of
"HIS WIFE'S FATHER."—
By the Only Dramatic Organization,
—THE FKAWLKV COMPANY—
See the '-Curtatn-Raiser," .
"A SILENT SYSTEM"
Next Monday— "LONDON ASSURANCE."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROCCO. Sola Lessee and iluuajic
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Distinguished Comedian and Singer.
EJIMKTT SHf.RIDAN — .
In His Rollicking Comedy-Drama,
•♦ONE OF THE BRAVEST!"
Special Engagement of the Popular Pair,
tiILBr.RT AND GOLDIE,
And of the Favorite Soubrette, ■
JOSEPHINE PASSMAN. •
i. riorixn Pmcjt*— 2so and "> >j.
family Circle and Gall err. 10c.
ITanM Mutineer Saturday ami Simitar.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell. .
A TRULY "WONDERFUL BILL!
HOUSES PACKED TO THE DOORS!
18 NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS — -IS
THE GREAT FREDERICKS TROUPE,
FOUR" MAISANOS,
ROSSOW MIDGETS, ..:.;-;
LAST 2 NIGHTS OF THE VITASCOPE.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box seats. 60c. ■ ..:■■."
THE CHUTES I
GREATEST SCEWJUIL WAY 05 EARTH!
SUMMER SEASON 'BEGINS
TO-MORROW !- — — TO- MORROW. !
. And Thereafter—
EVERY AFTER NOON AND EVENING.
GRAND CONCERTS BY THE
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA!
THE BIG CASINO I
ARAGON, Queon of Wire Walkers.
SISSERIKTTA JONES, the "Black Patti." jj
PROF. MACARI'M BABOON, DOG '
AND MONKEY CIRCUS, and the
Wonderful If A RLO- DUNHAM FAMILY.
The Amusement Event of the Decade I
Magnificent Pyrotechnics on the Lake !
ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
Casino, Including Refreshments, 10 Cents.
J? tttto gafe
—DAY AND NIGHT—
July 4tlL and Stli,
GRASD VEHBTUI WATER CARNIVAL,
■ BEAUTIFUL ELECTRICAL DISPLAY. ■
SUTRO SCENIC RAILWAY 1
HAS NO EQUAL.
STRUTS JULY4TH
- t
; GENERAL ADMISSION—
Adults, 10c ; —Children, sc.
. . . , , . . _.., ■ ■■■ ■•• ..,
OPENING OF THEGRAND CIRCUIT
I:.«l'll.\i«-n«lLSE BKfcED.RS" i&i. :
RACES!. li^gl RACES!
I3NT g£bSZI3E!.
June 27, 30 ; July 1, 2, 3. 4, 1898.
Great races every day. Best horses on the Coast,
present. Kaces begin at 2 o'clock. Mission-street
cars. Special tralu 1:16 o'clock. -
78
WHO IS MAYOR
OF THE TOWN?
Adolph Sutro Is Sunning
Himself at Cal
istoga.
NO SIGN OF HIS RETURN
Supervisor Taylor Declines to
Perform the Mayor's
Duties.
CONFUSION AT THE CITY HALL.
Supervisors Agree to Submit a
Tel?pbone Franchise Appli
cation.
Supervisor C. L. Taylor does not con
sider himself acting Mayor since Mayor
Sutro's leave of absence for sixty days
expired.
The Supervisor has special reasons for
not considering himself the acting Mayor
since the board last Tuesday morning
called Supervisor Benjamin to the chair
when the Geary-street franchise was pend
ing.
There were several callers at the Ciiy
Hall yesterday who particularly desired
that Supervisor Taylor should assert him
self and perform in the absence of Mayor
Sutro some of the functions which devolve
upon the chief executive. These inter
ested persons were connected with public
institutions rn;i wanted the Mayor's ap
proval of contracts for furnishing sup
plies. There was quite an accumulation
of unsigned resolutions in the Mayor's
ofiice and some members of the School
Board were in great trouble lest the bond
of the new School Director, Soper, could
not be approved in time for the afternoon
meeting of the Board of Education.
The panic spread in a mild form to
Supervisors Hughes, Benjamin, Dunker
and Morgenstern, "who were doing Street
Committee business with John A. Russell
and George W. Elder at the old stand.
Mr. Creswell was called down from the
lav; department to enlighten the Super
visors, ana when the legal adviser retired
from the committfe-room the Supervisors
knew very neariy as much as they did
before.
In a general way he said he would hesi
tate about voting with Colonel Taylor as
a City Hal! or Election Commissioner if
his own vote shouid give the majority re
quired for action. This indicated that Mr.
I'reswell entertained a doubt whether the
courts would recognize Colonel Taylor as
acting Mayor in "the absence of Mayor
Sutro. Still the City and County Attorney
diil not want this off-hand expression to
•"*£■ regarded as an official decision. The
 i>r>ervi-ors were sdvised to communicate
riting the request for such informa
..'n aa they desired, and it was suggested
they should attach to the written
communication a copy of the resolution
appointing Colonel Taylor acting Mayor
and giving Mayor Sutro ieave of absence.
John A. Russell observed that the Board
of Supervisors had always exercised the
power of designating some Supervisor to
act as Mayor in the absence of the Mayor.
The resolution of April 20, 1896, simply
reads: "That Supervisor C. L. Taylor be
and is hereby appointed Mayor pro tern., to
perform the duties cf that office during
the absence of his Honor, Mayor Sutro."
It seems that Mayor Sutro was absent
for a period of sixty days or so and Colonel
Taylor acted as Mayor. But then Mr.
Sutro returned to town and performed his
duties for a day or two. Now he has gone
to his ranch near Calistoga, and if he does'
not return before the 4th. and if Colonel
Taylor persistently refuses to act.**s Mayor,
things may come to such a pass that an
all-night Fourth of July masquerade- ball
may take place without the sanction of
tbe" City b chief executive.
The Street Committee of the board yes
terday decided by a unanimous vote to
recommend that the application of the
People's Mutual Telephone Company for
a franchise be submitted. Two applica
tions were pending. The other was from
Herman de Laguna. Some time ago both
propositions were referred to the City and
County Att6rney in order that the board
might be advised as to which one should
be submitted. Of the two the Attorney
found the Lauuna proposition the better,
as it provided a pe'ierous tender of free
facilities to the municipality. The Peo
ple's Compauv gave the City the free use
ol forty telephones within two years.
Laguna offered 100 telephones free for the
first ten years and fifty additional there
after.
The Supervisors have not been able to
ascertain very much about Laguna'a in
tentions. He was heard from at Stockton
in reference to the Geary-street franchise.
He appeared once before the Street Com
nrttee and made a eood impression, but a
doubt is entertained whether he means
business as a promoter of cheaper tele
phone service. Tne committee has re
ceived information showing that he has
displayed wonderful energy us a franchise-
i eeter in Los Angeles and other cities.
Attorney Robert A. Friedrich, speaking
for the People's Telephone Company,
pointed to a petition signed by 7000 citi
zens of San Francisco asking that this
company should get a franchise. He was
not ascending a nigh mouirain and offer
ing everything in sight for a franchise,
but did promise that the promoters of the
People's iiutual Company would put in
modern, tirst - class instruments and
cheapen th' cost of telephony in San
Francisco. The Supervisors agreed with
out a dissenting voice to rerommend the
submission of his company's application
for a franchise.
GAS MEN TO GAS.
Fourth Annual Meeting of tlio Pacific
t .ia«! Association to Convene.
The fourth annual meeting of the Pa
cific Coast Gas Association will be held at
the office of the San Francisco Gas Light
Company, corner of First and Natoma
htreeis, San Francisco, Cal., July 21 and 22.
The headquarters will be in Parlor "C,"
Palace Hotel. The following papers will
be road at the session:
"The Economical Uses of Coal," by John L.
Howar , San Francisco, Cal.
"Tufc Relative Position of Consolidated Gas
nn.i Kiectric Light Plants," by M. C. Osborn,
Cruz, Cal.
"Oil Tar and Its TJset-," by J. B. Grimwood,
Han Francisco, Cal.
••Telescoping a Single Lift Holder While in
Use," by J. L. Fogfe, Ban Francisco, Cal.
•'(ins Stoves," by D. Decker, Fresno, Cal.
' Municipal Ownership," by John A. Britton,
Oaklaiid, Cal.
Water Gas," by C. F. Adams, Portland, Or.
"Kvo'iution of a Gas Meter," by Charles H.
Dickey, Baltimore, Md.
'Wrinkles," edited by T. R. Parker, Napa,
Cal.
■'Experience*,* edited by John Clement, Red
Bhiff, Cal.
"(.^u stion Box."
In addition to the papers mentioned
there wiil be an exhibition of acetylene
gas and of the Roentgen rays dunne the
progress of the meeting.
A meeting of the board "of directors will
be held at headquarters Monday, July 20;
at 8 p. m. The annual banquet will bo
held in the Palace Hotel at 8 p. m. of
Wednesday, July 22. Thursday, July 23,
will be devoted to the social part of the
meeting, which is to consist of an excur
sion over the electric -scenic road now
being built to the summit of Mount Tarn
alpais. The question box is now ready
for such questions as members may
choose to propound.
• ♦ — •
VICTORY FOR CHALMERS.
The State'it Quarantine Officer Drawi
First Blood From the Federal
Authorities.
Dr. Chalmers wins first blood in the
quarantine h'^ht now going on between
the State and Federal authorities. Yes
terday Collector Wise received the follow
ing telegram :
Washington, D. C, July 2, 1896.
Collector of Custom n, .Saw Francisco, Cal.: Do
not refuse entry of vessels which have a certi
ficate from either National or local quarantine
officer until further instructed.
W. E. Curtis, Acting Secretary.
It is not thought in customs circles that
the Government will allow the State to in
terfere go I'ar as for«Mc:n vessels are con
cerned. The present step is taken with a
view of learning just what power the
Federal authorities have in the matter of
vessels coming irom any Pacinc British-
American port. As soou as this point is
clearly established it is believed that Dr.
Rosenan will be given exclusive control of
quarantine affairs. Should such action
be taken Dr. Chalmers will probably make
a lively light to retain his position.
Patriotic Kxercisoi.
Next Sunday afternoon'at 1 o'clock patriotic
exercises will take place in Simpson Memorial
Sunday-school, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
meets. The following programme has been
Arranged: Introductory remarks, C. B. Per
kins, the superintendent: vocal solo, "The
Star-spangled Banner," Mus Burgland; ad
dress, "Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jef
ferson," A. G. McAdie, Assistant Forecast Of
ficial; essay, "Patriotism," Miss Caroline Jaut
zen; song by the children; recitation, George
Perkins; recitation, Florence Milne; address,
W. M. Abbott: song, "Red, White and Blue,"
the»chool; remarks, Kt-v. John btephens, the
pastor; patriolic choruses by lac children.
The public is invited to attend.
ONE CERTIFICATE ISSUED
The Chamber of Commerce Now
Passes on Seamen's Quali
fications.
Every Master and Mate Must Neces
sarily Pass an Examination in
Navigation.
The Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco has issued its first certificate to
a California seaman. It authorizes him
to act as chief officer of any American
ship, and Capiain William L. Merry of
The I irst Certificate Issued lo Master .Mariners by th; Chamber of C< mmerce. In Future Every
Master and Mate Who Wants to Command a San Francisco Owned Ship Must Possess One.
the examining board says the candidate
passed a more than creditable examina
tion.
The parchment reads:
Oro en Ptiz: en Guerra, Fierro.
No. I—The1 — The Chamber ol Commerce ol San
Francisco hereby certifies that Walter Claude
Aust. a citizen of the United States, has been
registered as chief officer.
This certificate has been granted after an
examination in seamanship ami navigation
and upon evidence of good character.
It may be revoked at the pleasure of the
trustees of the Chamber of Commerce, after
due investigation, either by written notice to
the holder hereof cr through the public press.
Given and certified with the heal of the
Chamber of Commerce, San Francisco, Cali
fornia, this 12th duy of June, 1896.
The new chief officer is a graduate of
McNevin Bros.' school, and hi 3 teachers
are more than satisfied with the good
showing he made before the examining
ooard. The following letter, sent to them
by Captain Merry, will be of interest to all
shipping men:
In reply to your inquiry I beg to state that it
has been decided by the examiners on seaman
ship and navigation that the following requis
ite are necessary (in navigation) to pass:
First (for master)— Latitude by meridian
altitude of the sun.
Second— Longitude by chronometer.
Third— One method of lntKude out of the
meridian either long or short, double alti
tudes or reduction to meridian.
Fourth— Shir)'.« position l>y account.
For chief officer— Xos. 1, 2and 4 as above.
Any work beyond these requirements will of
course go to the credit of the party, but is not
made necessary. It will be the nim of the ex
aminers to make the examination practical,
and gentlemen will be permitted to make good
any error by subsequent work, provided other
wise satisfactory.
The Chamber of Commerce examining
board is composed of Captain W. L. Merry
and Captain D. O. nJ. Wilson. It may now
be said to bo in full swing and merchants
and ship-owners are glad that it is. Hither
to masters and officers have had no cre
dentials to show except those obtained
from a navigation school, and while these
carry full "weight Etili it was thought
necessary that the chamber would do
something in the matier. The result is
the issuance of the first certificate to
Walter Claude Aust.
Sullivan & Sullivan.
Ex-Judge J. F. Sullivan and Matt I. Sullivan
have removed their low offices to Parrott b'ld'g
<2:)-K.->5 Market st. Entrance rm. 610. Oth floor*
iih.ii.
FEKHAN-ln Oakland, July 2. 1896, Theresa,
beloved daughter or Tobias and Mary f'eehan.
; sister of Minnie and Charle* Feehan, and grand-
daughter of ' Charles. O' Boyle, a native of Oa«-
-laod, nsre'l 7 years and 10 months. _ i
A9"Friends and acquaintances ' ara resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Saturday), at the residence 'of the parents. 989
Pine street, Oakland. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
POLICE STOPPED
TIE CONTEST,
Captain Wittman Does Not
Sanction Slogging
Matches.
WAS DECLARED A DRAW.
Spectators Wanted to See the
Fight Proceed to the
Limit.
REFEREE SULLIVAN EXPLAINS.
Jeffries Favorably Impressed the Audi
ence by Knocking Long Oat
in Two Rounds.
The first fistic carnival planned by the
New Occidental Club came off at the
Pavilion last night. It resulted in Danny
Mahoney being declared the victor over
Joe Sullivan, Jim Jeffries knocking Dan
Long out in the second round ana the
contest between "Mysterious" Smith and
Gallagher being declared a draw.
As early as 7 o'clock in the evening
ticket-holders began to arrive, and soon a
large crowd had congregated in front of
the doors. Captain Wittman was present
with a squad of policemen, part of whom
ker.t the doors cleared on the inside, while
I the rest kept the sidewalk open for pedes
trians.
The hall filled rather slowly, but by 9
o'clock, the hour at which the boxing
began, the vast building was pretty well
occupied.
The boxing besran with a six-round bout
between Danny Mahony and Joe Sullivan.
As the little fellows stepped into the ring
they were generously applauded.
Billy Jordan acted as master of cere
monies, and after announcing the names
of the contestants stated that Jimmy
Carrol would act as referee for the bout
and B. J. Tooy as official time-keeper for
the series.
Sul.ivan appeared the heavier of the
two, while Mahony looked overtrained.
The contest for the whole six rounds was
spirited, and the little fellows punched
each orher often and viciously. Both
werj generously cheered throughout the
contest, and at the expiration the fight
was given to Mahony on points.
The next battle was a ten-round go be
tween James J. Jeffries of L03 Ansreles
and Dan Long of Denver. Billy fcmith
and Aiex (Jrepgains acted as seconds for
the former, and Danny Mullen, together
with Sam Barbour, handled the towels
for the latter.
Amid tremendous applause Joe Choynskl
was named as the referee. When he step
ped into the ring with a good-natured
smile illuminating his countenance, he
was given an ovation. It was plain that
Choynski was a hero in the eyes of the
spectators.
As the men shook handn. preparatory to
an endeavor to send each other to the Land
of Nod, Jeffries was seen to be much the
heavier man of the pair, having perhaps
twenty pounds the best of his opponent in
avoirdupois. His brawny physique made
Long seem slender in comparison. It was
freely prophesied by the sports that Long
would not last three rounds. Events
proved the truth of this prognostication.
As the men scarred for an opening Long
was srr.iling and confident and did some
very pretty dancing around. Jeffries, on
the other hand, was serious in aspect, but
cool and" collected. The determined set of
his jaws demonstrated that his intention
was to put his opponent out as soon as
possible.
Jeffries led with his left, missed and
clinched. Long hit low with his left,
whereupon both struck and clinched.
Jeffries made a vicious jab at Long's head
with his ripht, but the blow was cleverly
ducked.
There was a rally. Long countered with
his right, and received a sledge-ham me?
blow on the point of his chin from Jeffries'
right that floored him.
He had hardly regained his feet when
Jeffries again countered on the point of his
jaw with a right-hand blow that knocked
him off his feet again.
The second round opened with a rush
from Long, who struck and miseed, fall
ing from tjje force of his own blow. Jef
fries then banged nim rigbt and left. Hot
infighting followed, Jeffries hitting Long
every which way.
Finally lie landed a terrific blow on the
point of the jaw. Long sank to the floor
and was counted out.
The event of the evenine, which, accord
ing to Master of Ceremonies Billy Jordan,
was to be a ten-round contest between
i "Mvsterions" Billy Smith, late of Eng
land, and Billy Gallagher of Los Angeles,
but late of Oakland, was stopped near the
end of the first round by Captain Witt
man of the police force.
Gallagher of Los Angeles was the first to
put in an appearance. He was esquired by
Billy Smith, the Australian, and J. J.
1 Jeffries, the heavy-weight, who whipped
Dan Long. The mysterious man, com-.
monly known as Billy Smith, late of Eng
land, was attended by Alexander Greg
gains, the political fireman, and Timothy
McGrath, the confidential adviser and
rubber-down of Tom Sharkey, tne famous
slogger of Uncle Sam's navy." Mike Sulli
van, the right-bana bower of Billy Harri
son of the old Pacific Club, was selected as
referee, and when he made his inaugural
bow to the boys there were several among
the spectators who recognized the old
Jumiliar face and bald pate. D. J. Tobie
wa3 selected as the official referee.
Everything being ready for business, the
referee held a short consultation with the
pugilists. It was presumed that Mr. Sul
livan was instructing the fighters not to
break the rules of Queensbery and that to
insure a fair content they must break
away when ordered to do so.
Gallagher broke from his chair the mo
ment he heard the sound of the gong and
met his opponent, "the Mysterious," half
way between chairs.
The fi»hters were very evenly matched
in every particular, and the lovers of the
good old sport looked forward to a great
mill. Gallagher of Oakland was the first
to open the argument of the evening. He
led with the left at Smith's sharpened
face, but the latter ducked neatly, and the
blow shot over Smith's shonlder'and spent
itself on the midnight atmosphere.
The Mysterious smiled, and, changing
his position, quickly he let %o a wicked
drive at Gallagher's sun-browned face.
The glove grazed Gallagher's jaw and a
clinch resulted. The fighters bad now
warmed up for business, and Smith, an
ticipating that Gallagher would resort to
his old tricks, watched his actions closely.
Gallagher swung his left at the Mysteri
ous' jaw and landed a pretty good stiff
one on the neck. He tried twice to follow
with a right swing, but Smith ducked and
caught Gallagher a neat jab in the short
ribß. Another clinch and then the dirty
work commenced.
Smith tried to Bhake the Los Angeles
hugger off, but failing in the attempt he
j gave Gallagher the hip and pitched him
on the floor. Gallagher looked savage as
j he regained his pins ana dashed at fcSmith.
A few exchanges followed and another
clinch resulted. Both men were punch
ing as best they could with their rights
while their lefts were entangled around
| each other's necks. Smith in the shuffle
cot Gallagher on his hip and in a jiffy sent
j him sprawling on the boards.
The spectators now looked for a good old
rough and tumble game and they were
not disappointed. Gallagher concluded
that his opponent intended to resort to
every game in the business and he deter
mined to use every scheme he possessed
to equalize matters. Once again they met
and Gallagher wild and wooliy smashed at
Smith with right and left. The right
missed Us mark, but the left came to aiull
stop on Smith's nose, drawing the claret
Smith was wild and excited. H« rushed
at his antagonist, who ducked a wicked
right-hand swing aud then clinched.
This was the clinch of the season. With
right arms free they smashed at each
other regardless of where their blows
I landed. Fouls did not count with them,
j and the referee being; unable to separate
! them, the Captain of Police, Wittman,
toot a band in tbe game, and ducking
under the ropes in the most approved
style, he tried to make the human bull
dogs break away.
Sufficient to say that the captain and
his staff had no easy task In separating
the combatants.
When Gallagher and Smith were dis
patched to their corners Captain Wittman
said: "Gentlemen, I will tolerate boxing
contests, but no slogging; if the fighters
can select a referee who will see that a
fair boxing contest is carried on, I will
not object, but this slogging game I will
certainly not permit."
Just as soou as Captain Wittman gave
his ultimatum Referee Sullivan declared
the contest a draw, much to the disgust
and chagrin of the spectators, who paid an
admission fee to see this contest in partic
ular.
Billy Jordan, the master of ceremonies,
who had held a short interview with Gal
lagher and Smith, shouted for order, and
when silence cane he announced that
Gallagher refused to go on with the fight
as long as the referee had decided the
match a draw.
That ended all argument and the spec
tators departed from the Pavilion thor
oughly disgusted with the outcome.
Immediately after the contestants had
entered their dressing-rooms. Smith as
serted that he would licht George Green
at auy place and at nnv time he might
name after his fight in Portland Or., with
Billy Evans, the lGth in«U
"1 want to take Green first," he de
clared, "and if he refuses to make a
match, I will take Ryan at 144 pounds.
"Gallagher is a cur. Why didn't he
keep on when Captain Wittman said be
would let the fient proceed if a compe
tent referee could be found. He had had
all that he wanted; that was the trouble
with him. His own seconds were unable
to hold him in his corner, he was so
anxious to tret off the stage."
"Young" Mitchell said the directors will
meet to-morrow and consider Gallagher's
getting half the purse. They had commu
nicated to him, he said, that they were en
tirely dissatisfied with Gallagher's action
In refusing to proceed with the tight, and
might conclude not to allow him a cent.
The following letter from Referee Sulli
van is self-explanatory.
San Francisco, Cal., July 2, 1896.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
At this particular time I wish to thoroughly
justify my connection with laet uigbt's con
test and place myself on record as a sportsman
of years in ibU City. The contest, If such it
might be termed for the sake of an explana
tion, was little better than a hugging match,
and, believing the participants would take
cognizance of my instructions prior to com
nu-ncing, I refrained from making this Greco-
Koman match, three handed until the Inter
vention of Sergeant Wiitman.
From him I understood that this style of
battle would not be tolerated snd was only too
wiling to give a quick decision on this
misunderstanding and retire. Left to a
proper, just and equitable decision on the
menu of both participants, It is my judgment
that it should be and is declared no contest,
and the participants are remanded to the Club
Directiory. ji. J. Sullivan, j
JOE CHOYNSKI
AND PETER MAHER
The Irish Champion Will
Come West to Meet the
Californian.
A TEN-ROUND CONTEST.
Eddie Gracey Received a Favor
able Answer From Maher
Yesterday.
OFFERS MADE BY THE CLUB 3.
Full Particulars of the Battle in New
York Between the Australian
and the Irishman.
Peter Maher, the champion heavy
weight pueilist of Ireland, telegraphed
Eddie Granev yesterday from New York
that he has finally concluded to visit the
Pacific Coast again and that if Choynski
will meet him in a ten-round contest at
the Pavilion a match can be consummated.
Choynski had all preparations made to
leave this City to-day for New York,
where he expected to meet Jlaher in a
limited contest. He is much more pleased
to remain in this City and box Maher
under the auspices of whichever club that
wiil offer the most tempting inducements
in the way of good hard coin.
Graney said that Maher took the right
view of the situation when he decided to
meet the native son in his native city, not
because Choynski will be accorded any
better treatment here than Maher.
i; The Irishman lias numerous friends
and supporters in San Francisco," said
Graney, "and he knows right well that he
will be given fair play here by the club
under whose auspice 3he will box against
Choynski.
"In New York the police are very ayt to
stop a contest between clever men until
such time as the Horton bill will take ef
fect. Maher is aware of this fact an 1 I
think he has acted wisely in deciding
upon a trip to the coast. The Olympic
Club of this City has offered a purse of
$4< 00 for ■*. co between Maher and Choyn
ski, but the National Club has gone one
better with an offer of .**> < ami in all
probability the contest wilt take place un
der its management, unless some other
club offers better inducements in the
meantime. We will only recognize, in the
language of the auctioneer, the highest
bidder for cash.
'•Choynski is now in pretty good condi
tion and with a few weeks' training he
will be fit to meet the best man living."
As only a very meager description of
the Slavin and Maher contest was tele
graphed from New York, readers of pugii
lstic sports can glean Irom the following
account, culled from an Eastern exchange,
how the Irishman handled the big burly
Australian in a few short rounds. The
report says:
When the lighters met each other in the cen
ter of the ring for the tirst round, Slavin was
seen to be head and shoulders over his oppon
ent. No time was lost in fiddling, for the Aus
tralian immediately shot out his right and
Maher quickly shifted aside and the blow went
sliding over his Lack.
Savin tried again and missed, and Maher
let go his left and caught the Australian on
the cheekbone. This did not phase Slavin.
who went piledriving at the Irishman, who
jumped back nimbly and returned quickly,
catching Sluvin right and left. It was a hot
round, indeed; as fine as ever seen between
two big men. Maher kept getting In his left
on Slavin's cheekbone until it was as red as a
raw steuk. The crowd soon discovered that
Maher was the master and the wildest cheer
ing took place.
They exchanged straight lefts on the neck
and face, hard swings on the head and body
and were so earnest about it that Acting In
spector llark'ycame within an ace oi stopping
it. But the bell was rung and the round had
lasted a little over a minute.
The crowd began to beseech Maher to knock
his rival out in the second round and he smiled
a wicked smile that made his friends look for
blood.
Slavin played for an opening and quickly
shot his left under the ear. It was a hard
blow, and Peter, expecting another like it,
clinched until the referee had to break the
men. Then the bulky Australian rushed
fiercely, both of his flail-like arms swinging
dangerously near Peter's head.
But the Irishman retreated to the ropes,
where he clinched. Slavin got home finally
a right hander on the side of the head, and
thnt seemed to stir Peter's blood, for with a
mighty rush he drove his left to the mouth
and banged Slavin over the heart with such
a terrific right that the Australian was almost
doubled up. Maher followed up thU advan
tage with a couple of sledge-hammers in the
neck, and Sluvin had to clinch to further avoid
the onslaught. He was groggy and hardly
able to reach his corner.
When th«> third round began Slavin was suf
fering from lack of wind, and he moved about
so slowly tnat those who had seen him fight
Jake Kilrain some years ago could scarcely
believe that it was the same man.
Maher, on the other hand, was all activity.
He danced around his antagonist like a cooper
round a barrel, and jabbed him In the face
with his straight left until he tut the flesh
under the right eye. The blood spurted forth
at once and trickled down Slavin's cheek, but
the battle continued, while the crowd yelled
in approval.
Maher sailed in with a vengeance and piled
blow after blow upon Frank's face and neck
Slavin, however, was game to the core and full
of fight, for he mixed it up with Peter and re
turned blow for blow. But the punches he de
livered were growing weaker every time he
drew back his brawny arm, and the biffs and
bangs that Maher was sending in were rapidly
making the lights in the Garden look like
myriads of twinkling stars to the conqueror of
Kilrain.
Finally Peter sent in his left to th« cut un
der the eye and swung his right heavily upon
the jaw. S.avin reeled as if about to fall, but
the ropes proved a safeguard, and he was still
on his ieet, staggering about, when the bell
rang. Inspector Harley wanted to stop the
licht then and there, hut he was prevailed
upon to let it go just one round more.
So the bell clanged again, and the gladiators
came to the center of the stage with careful
steps and hands rer.dy to do as much damage
as possible.
Blavin's eyes were staring vacantly as he
tried to hit Maher in the face, and then Peter
swung his left flush on the jaw. The blow was
well aimed, and had so much beef back of it
that Slavin was knocked against the ropes.
He bounded off in semi-helpless fashion, and
Instinctively tried to land a left swing.
Ouce more Maher let go his left, followed by
a tremendous right. Both hands landed on
the Australian's lseck ami jaw, and he pitchea
forward as if blind. O:ie more punch was
needed to put him to sleep, but before Maher
could get it in— and he warned to badly— the
lofereo caught Slaviu in his arms and stopped
the fight. Slavin sugpert-d to his corner like a
man who had been hit with a mallet and fell
into his chair.
After tlie battle Maher was interviewed and
said, in answer to a question why he failed to
knock the Australian out: "I couldn't deliver
a b:ow with any force. The boards were loose
ami so springy that I couldn't set a firm fort
ing; besides 1 came near falling several times,
as one board was above the other."
Shortly alter the conversation Maher and
Slavin met at the Gilsey House and they shook
hands, drinking each other's health. Maher
drank lemonade and Slavin beer.
"You are fighting for glory, Peter, and I'm
after money. You must give me another
chance."
"Vis, any time," answered Maher, good
naturedly.
"That fellow Is made of iron, indeed," said
Peter, as he left the hotel. "He can stand a
lot of punching, Indeed."
Cliflon's Coach Goes Free.
Collector Wise received notice from the
Treasury Department yesterday that Talbot
Clifton's coach was not subject to duty. It wks
held that co long as Clifton had owned the
.chicle in Enjland and brought it to this j
country for his own use, and hud used it con
tlnuou>ly for liearly two years, there was
nothing io prevent his disposal of it in such
manner as desired.
RTEGISTERING VOTERS.
Tbe Nine Republicans Kmployedin the
Keglstrar's Office.
Forty clerks are employed in registering
votes at the now City Hall. Registration
closes at the central oilice August 3, and
preciner registration closes August 8.
A resolution adopted by the Board of
Election Commissioners at the meeting
last Monday authorized the Ilepistrar to
appoint twelve additional clerks. He has
since appoinled the following:
Joseph Brooks, C, F. Moller, Fred Tur
rill. J. T. Su.-enbeth, P. M. Wellin, M. C.
Haley, Frank Sweeney, J. P. Sweeny, J.
.1. Lyons, J. D. O'Leary, O. G. Hallett, J.
L. Casey, T. F. Cline.
Registrar Hinton says there are nino
Republicans employed as cierks in the
office. Their names are thns given :
P. A. Morbio, C. P. Metiner. Adolpb
Kronberg, R. L. Thomas, E. L. McLellan,
J. Franklin Brown, Josepn BrooKs, O. G.
Hallett and T. P, Cline.
DISCLAIM ANY TITLE.
Three Defendant* In the Fair Property
Litigation State Their Case.
George R. Williams, attorney for him
self, Stephen Roberts and Elizabeth Has
kins, has filed a disclaimer in the suit of
James A. Angus, Thomas G. Crothers and
W. S. Goodfellow against Nettie R. Craven,
Marc Levingston and his clients, to quiet
title to the property at Pine and Sansome
streets, which Mrs. Craven-Fair claims
was deeded to her by the late James G.
Fair.
Jt is said that the three defendants men
tione I disclaim any right, title or claim of
inheritance or of freehold in the premises
described.
A NOVEL SPECTACLE,
The City Wheelmen's Approach
ing Grand Lantern
Parade.
It Will Take Place on the Night of
the 25th— A Big Turnout
Expected.
Preparations are well under way by tne
wheelmen of this City for a novel and pic
turesque street spectacle. It will be a
lantern parade of bicyclists, to take place
on the night of Saturday, the 25th inst. A
big turnout is confidently anticipated.
Pleas for good roads and the new City
charter will be made by distinguished
orators. Prizes are to be awarded for the
best decorated machines — single and tan
dem — the handsomest uniform and a pen
nant to tbe club with the greatest number
of riders in line.
At last evening' 3 session of the San
Francisco Cycle Board of Trade it was re
ported by the parade committee fiat the
route of the procession had not yet been
determined, aod that the question of the
decoration of the buildings along the line
of the run would be discussed at a meet
ing of bicyclists with improvement clubs
to-night.
The names of Messrs. Samuel M. Short
ridge, James D. Phelan, George A. Knight
and James 11. Barry were suggested in the
list of desirable speakers, if their services
could r>e :-ecured.
It was voted to instruct the secretary to
send an official notification of the lantern
parade to the various bicycle clubs of the
City and invite them to send representa
tives to the next session of the board,
which will be held Wednesday evenine,
the 15th inst., at the Rambler establish
ment, corner of Tenth and Market streets.
The teamsters and draymen, it was
stated, after conferring with a committee
of the board had promised to co-operate
with the wheelmen in their movement for
good roads and street improvements.
An invitation to riders to take an early
run to the Sutro Baths was received and
accepted. The lighting of Golden Gate
Park and the construction there as soon
as practicable of a bicycle track, also the
repaying of Market street, were topics re
ceiving only a passing mention, since the
committee, while alive to their import
ance, bad nothing new at the moment
to report.
Pa««ed Bogus Coin.
Alexander Wilson was arrested Wednesday
afternoon and lodged in the City Prison,
charged with passing counterfeit coin, Daniel
A. Seferles. a restaurant keeper at 1069 Market
street, being the complaining witness. Yester
day Secret Service Agent Harris took charge of
the prisoner, and will prosecute the case in
the United States courts. Wilson tendered a
lead $5 piece to the restaurant keeper, and,
receiving the proper change, departed.
Seferles discovered the imposition and kept a
lookout for the man. Wednesday he passed
the restaurant and Seferles immediately had
him arrested. The accused man. will be given
a preliminary hearing before Commissioner
HeacocK to-day.
It's Cheaper
To Be
Sick
Than it nsed to be, so far as Medicine Is con-
cerned, provided you buy it from as. We I
PAY NO PEKCESTAOE TO PHYSICIANS !
and thereby save you 60 rtr cent on prescrip-
tions. Our drugs are of the purest and all com-
pounding Is done by expert pharmacists.
THESE PRICES
will show you that we sell other things as well
at low figures:
Trusses, a larse stock $1 75
Klastlc stockings. ...r: • 2 60
Kiectric Belts from $5 00 to 25 00
Ualvanic or Faradlc Batteries $1 00 to 25 00
I.ydia Plukbam's Compound ({5
Dr. force's Prescription 65
Mnie. Pray's Prescription or Women's Friend 75
Mrlhn's Food. .....;..... ...... ......85c an 1 " 56
Hall's Catarrh cure ; . 60
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 Mar3s.ei Street,
| South side. bet. Fifth and Sixth. .
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford ■:■ " Unsurpassed/
$40, $S(UGO, $75.
Phcenix "Stands the Racket"
$100.
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
1510 Market St., San Francisco. Cat
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
RHEUMATISM.
Is the light that will brine a great big
glow of happiness to yon. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hud van is to be h^donly
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can pet it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The'extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wond«rfn! discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous fvitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
j vate indorsements.
Prematurer.ess means imootency in th«
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sor i-
pro lucin? (rt-rms. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, mcers in mouth, old sores and
foiling hair. Yon can save a trip to Hot Springs
by wriclng for "Blood Book ' to the old physicians
of ihe
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJL.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE OH
I STAMPED ON A SHOE „„„,„
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
tpliuUi
BLOCKADE SALE
BARGAINS
FOR
EVERYBODY.
Did you ever trade with us? Well, if yon did
you know we never deceived you. We have estab-
lished our trade by dealing; honestly with the
i public, and we tell you now that we are selling
the bißKest bargains ever offered. In this city.
1 Til AT FKNCK stands on the corner a menace to
our trade, ana we are compelled to sell cheap If we
wish to do business. Darin* the past week our
store- was ' crowded with customers taking ad-
vantage of r.ur low prices, and for the coming
week we will offer shoes at such a figure IlVyou
will buy them even If you have to lay theiAimyav j»
for future use. . We have an assorted Hh* *«■*,.■
Misses' Patent Leather Button, Dongola Kid But-
j ton, with either Cloth or Kid Tops, Patent Leather
Tips and Spring Heeis, which, we will offer at $1
per pair. The regular price is $2 50. The lizes
| run from 11 to 2, and every pair is guaranteed for
i wear.
Mly $1.00.
We have a mixed line of Ladies' Rusiet Oxfords
and Southern Ties that we are selling below cost.
Just think of hand-turned Knsset Oxfords and
Southern Ties, Brown Cloth or Kid Tops, low heels
or French heels, pointed or square toes, which we
are selling for 41. The regular prices of these low
soo?3 are *•_•, $2 50, S3 and 9S 50, and the sizes on
ha. id are 2, 21/?, 8, 3y s , 6, 6V 3 and 7, and widths
A, B, C, D, K. Remember, these sizes embrace all
the lines, and if you cannot get fitted in one line
you can In another.
«**#! Fft^
%V*^ ■^1 T* Infants' Pat«nt-
■|n _ I II- leather Button and
MB y|&Jy9 Infants' French Kid
tSVS&A. .. Button, with hand-
E*»EeS*Sk turned. *-oles and
ffvSTH^JfvV. Kid or Cloth Tops
PSS*W>3&hX.- and latent-leather
Lfj^^^SS^S^^ Tips, fclzes 1 to 6.
flu -^ lhll , TlmT^ Keduced from * -J5.
fg^^W ' Will
Misses' and Children's Basset Kid Button, or
Black Kid Button sold at a sacrifice; Solid
Wearers. Spring Heels, Patent-leather or Russet
Kid Tips-
Child's sizes, 8 to IOVs 76c
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 85c
Country customers should not feel slighted if we
cannot always fill their orders during special
sales, We »re selling the different styles cheap,
and the city buyers are taking advantage of our
low prices. We will always do the bes- we can
and the money will be refunded if the goods are
not satisfactory. - «."«"» »™
tTB" Country orders solicited.
SJT Send for Newlllustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Francisco.
! DR.MCNULTYT
rriHis well-known' and reliable spe-
X clallst treats I'IUVVTK CHRONir AND
R^»« ars0 V t cnr ,'?) SPcrc>t Blood and Skin Diseases.
S°«s a , wellln| >ervon» Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
t«S.fh < i2 rr £ th ? !secr t Errors of Youth and their
terrible effect^ Lossof Vitality, Palpitation of the
tr«nhh>rS?*J? f '> ei! i orv - Despondency and other
v^-«L of 1 5 1 ,"^ a " d bocly > caused by the Errors,
| excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
lit restores Loit \ tsor and Manly Power, re-
u2ltX JJ «i ori V lUe3 a »'l restores the Organs to
rm-v Lnrf ,? S ? un>s D l«as(>s caused by Mer-
! enry anil oilier Poisonous Drugs.
i : ♦!« r J [pNulty s methods are regular and gclen-
i ; nrl^ t? " Ms no P»tent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
' ' n( i dt . : treatment. His Kew Pamphlet on Prl- i
vate Disease* sent Free to all men who describe
reasonabl I>llUents cured at Home. ■ Terms
i 'd^? Ur i S r7? 10 -, S<:r - lljr 5 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. San-
: 2S?i» ° ? J 12 only. Consultation free and sv '
! credly confide ntlaL . Call on or address
„„,**• ROSCOK McNULTY, M. D., v
»»}-a Keartiy St., Ski: Francisco, OaL
-: _. **"" Bewa.re of strangers who try to talk to yon
I out yonr disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers furawindllng doctors.
f. -■-:- , —T- * ' :
«AW i *lfl|AßMf \i i, FIFTY- DOLLAR
i|Pii!|£ ELECTRIC BELTS
T^M#!iS for $15; ulsgkooil belts for
■ 1 **T(?f* r-XjSKti/.A^i " *&• latest patent and all
( ■ '<lav ■■'-.- improvements.. JS~ Call
-*iJa? or write for new pamphlet
"■^** V So, a. Address DR.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors. San Francisco. .
BiR O is a non-po««onoui
<^gKVaff'»'^eaH remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jfsas£r c V&Etr%tM Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
mgßm '• 1 to»d«T».^H Whites, unnatural di 3 -
mSfm Oaairiaued V charges, or any inflaruma-
I*! no' to itrletore. "■ tion. irritation or ulcera-
JPrtTenu eoniagion. tion of mucous mem-
Fa* VHEEv«N3 OhehiouCo. branes. Non-astringent.
Id^CINCINNATt.O JBJM Sold by Drusrcielc,
U. 3. i ,Hr or sent in plain wr-.pper,
/'BHlw by express, prepaid, f^r
• v^ilßWrtf'l $1.00, or 3 bottles, C?-?%
M Circular seat or. » .met.SAVAGE NATIVES
GIVE NO QUARTER,
J. H. Tibbets Writes ofi
Slaughter in Mata
beleland.
SUPPRESSING THE NEWS
Many Californians Murdered by
the Treacherous Sav
ages.
ALL MINING NOW SUSPENDED.
The Plague Attacked the Cattle and
All Baggage Has to Be Moved
on Donkeys.
Those of this State, and there are many,
■who contemplate poing to the mining dis
tricts of South Africa, had better consult
with those who have had recent expe
rience in that part of the Dark Continent.
That country does not glitter with gold
and diamonds which may be obtained like
gathering pebbles from a beach. While
there is plenty of precious metal there it
is worth a man's life to secure it.
Such, briefly, is the statement of one of
California's well-known citizens who is
now in that far-off land and who wishes
.he was bacfc in this £tate again.
Last October J. H. Tibbets, a mining
man of Amador County and of this City,
went to South Africa. It will be remem
bered that Mr. Tibbets was once a State
Senator. He recently wrote a letter to a
friend, a well-known mmm™ man on Pine
street, from Buluwayo, in Matabeleland.
In this letter he tells of several San
Francisco people who were slaughtered in
the native uprising and of his own escape
from a similar Sate. The horror of tne
situation, Mr. Tibbets says, has never
been made known to the world, as the
English corporation, whose franchises
cover that section of the country, does not
want its business damaged.
Besides the horrors of savage warfare
there are cattle plague, scarcity of food and
a general stagnation of mining interests.
His letter in part reads as follows:
We have had nothing but war since I arrived
here. The Matabele uprising is horrible, 300
to 400 whites having been murdered in the
various districts. Tne outside world don't
know how serious it has been. The Charter
Company will not let any papers go out, and it
doctors all of the news sent out by wire. Sev
eral Americans I met here have been mur
dered. A. R. Hammond, an old Pine-street
man, who has a daughter in Los Angeles, was
murdered while coming from one of his mines,
thirty-five miles from here.
Bob White and O. Palmer, both mining en
gineers from California, were murdered on the
road. Old Tom Madocks of Nevada w&s one of
the first killed by the rebel natives. I was in
the ijwanda district at the time of the up
risiug. thirty miles from the rebel stronghold, j
We numbered forty whites. A laager (log fort) |
was made. I did not like it and did not go
into it. I had lour good horses and three good
men with me, and we stayed on the outside.
My people in Buluwayo got uneasy about us
and sent a dispatcher to us informing all to '
move to Fort Tuli, eighty miles down the road.
We got there very quickly.
The next day 200 mounted men were sent to
our rescue from Buluwnyo. The commis
sioner fearea the dispatches did not get
through, but we had gone when the rescue
party arrived. The latter on its return had to
light very hard, and In the scrimmage lost six
men end fifteen wounded. I remained in Fort
Tuli six weeks. The forts are every six miles
apart along the principal roads. Several com
panies are out, and fighting is going on every
day.
Just before the outbreak a cattle plague
came into the country and thousands of cattle
died.
Hundreds of wagons are on the road with
transports and no bullocks. Transport is now
coming in on donkeys and mules. Board has
I increased 75 per cent and drinks 50 per cent.
\ The outside world does not know of the situ
ation here. It is true the Charter Company
Is doing its best to relieve the distress, but It
don't want any discouraging news sent
abroad. There will be no mining done here
for a year.
LEPERS STILL WAITING.
Sixteen Unfortunates With but
One Ray of Hope for
Them.
Watching for Dr. Goto's Remedy,
Which the Customs Authorities
Will Not Give Up.
In the foothills at the base of Twin
Peaks, among nodding and bending tall
eucalyptus trees, is the ramshackle home
of the lepers.
The place is lonely in the wide expanse
of dreary waste surrounding it and a high
board fence shuts out the world.
The lepers are morally, if not physically,
sensitive. A finger or ear might be
twisted off and not give them pain, but
they do not care to be gazed at.
"Old Chinese Annie," as she is called,
the only woman in the settlement, hideous
to an extreme from the ravages of the
dread disease, greeted her visitors yester
day with a coarse lau K h. It was painful
r.ot only to look at her but to hear ber
croaking tones.
"I don't want to have my picture in the
paper*," she asserted. "It don't do me
any good and they make fun of me."
The woman, although but 3(J years of
age, might be twice thai, judging from
her bloated and scaly face and limbs.
The fence around the Pesthouse is only
to keep strangers without. The lepers
themselves appear contented enough to
remain within, where they care for eacli
other, are comfortably bedded end well
fed. They would i;Ot leave their errew
sorae home to mingle with a world that
would spurn them in disgust. They sim
ply lie about, eat. Bleep and drink and j
wait for death to put them out of their
misery.
1 here are sixteen patients, and the only
ray of hope they have had in years came
to them a short while ago, when Super
visor Benjamin procured Dr. Goto's rem
edy for leprosy.
Will it cure them?" Superintendent J.
P. Keatintr, who has charge of the unfor
tunate sixteen, said. "I cannot answer
that. What I do know is that the poor
fellows are happier now than they have
wen in a long while. They have some
thing to hope for, something to think
al 'out, and that is a great deal."
Superintendent Keating expected that
'ye remedy would reach him yesterday
afternoon from the Custom-houae, but it
did not. As soon as it does he will imme
diately commence administering it to his
wards.
The remedy consists of little pills the
size of barley and of a tea. One of the
lepers has a box of the pills which was
sent to him by a friend some weeks ago,
and he takes a teaspoonful of these pills
every day. The tea, however, he has not
yet been able to obtain. He fancies that
there is a slight improvement in his con
dition, but the Superintendent fails to
notice it.
IN EL DORADO PARLOR.
An Enjoyable Entertainment Given by
Native Sons on Tuesday
Evening.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52, N. S. G. W.,
gave an entertainment and dance last
Tuesday evening at Native Sons' Hall,
Mason street. The programme was as fol
lows and was much appreciated by the
large audience present:
Overture, Rosner's orchestra; address, Pres
ident John G. Joly; shadowgraphs, operated
by V. A. and J. F". Hancoct; vocal solo. Mr*.
E. W. Burns: recitation, Eddie Sweeney ; bur
lesque roller skating, G. L. Morgan ; whistling
solo, Miss Olive Truett, accompanied by Miss
Gertie Payson; San Francisco Company's Ha
waiian sextet, Bert Hawks, Birdsall Hawks,
John G. Hawks, Harry Turton, Fraut Turton,
John F. O'Connor.
This parlor has secured old Pioneer Hall j
at Stockton for the coming celebration,
September 9.
At a meeting held last evening the fol
lowing officers were installed to serve for
the ensuing term
Fust president, John G. Joly; president, M.
H. Raker; first vice-president, G. C. Gunther:
second vice-president, Lew B. Mayer; third
vice-president, F. T. Norton; treasurer, R.
Horber; recording secretary, K. N. P. Phelan;
financial secretary, M. T. Arey; marshal, C.
Koster; inside sentinel, George Stroecber; out
side sentinel, £>. McKibbin; surgeons— Dr. K.
G. Frisbie. Dr. W. J. Hawkins: trustees—Wil
liam Samuel, Frank Smith, A. F. Wettig.
Leading Officers of the Letter-Carriers' Mutual Aid Association of San Francisco.
SUPERVISORS SUMMONED
They Must Tell Judge Seawell
All About the Folsom-
Street Contract.
The Jordan Bituminous Rock Company
Claims It Was Discriminated
Against.
Judge Slack yesterday issued a writ of |
certiorari commmanding the Board of j
Supervisors of San Francisco to appear j
before Jud,e Seawell on July 31 in order j
that their action in awarding the Folsom- I
street paving contract to the City Im- '
provement Company may be reviewed.
This is simply a new phase of an old
matter. The Jordan Bituminous Rock
and Paving Company entered a bid with
the board for the paving of Fo!?om street,
when the contract was awarded to the City
Improvement , Company. The . Jordan
company claims that it was discriminated
against in the matter, by means of pecu
liar specifications, which prevented it
using its bitumen, because it is brought
to this city in sea-goinn vessels instead of
on the cars of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and because it uses open instead of
closed Kettles, such as are used by other
contractors.
A further claim is made that the action
of the board in awarding the contract was
illegal, because the proceedings leading
up to it were void, inasmuch as the speci
fications adopted were twice vetoed by the
Mayor and not since passed upon by the j
Supervisors. . , .- ■ ,
The Jordan company, some time ! ago
prayed for a writ of prohibition prevent
ing Auditor Brodenck from passing a
warrant for $20,000 in favor or the City
Improvement Company, on account of the
work already done on Folsom : street, and
the same company has caused the writ of
certiorari to be issued by Judge Slack.
. . '' " — - — • — ♦- — « '-:.-' ■ .'-■
Father Vorke Will Preach.
The feast of St. Peter will be celebrated in 8t
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, next Sunday with solemn high mass
at 10:30 o'clock. Rev. Peter C. Yorke, chan
cellor of tne archdioces^ will preach.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
LETTER-CARRIERS'
ANNUAL OUTING,
Pleasure, Sport and Benevo
lence Us Combined
Objects.
TAKE THEIR OWN BAND.
Excellent Programme and Many
Prizes Offered for Com
petition.
THE POSTMEN OFF DUTY.
Freed From Care, They Will Enter
tain Their Friends Roy
ally.
The letter-carriers' picnic at Schuetzen
Park to-morrow will be a feature 'ot the
National holiday, and will no doubt at
tract a big crowd. The receipts are to be
devoted to the sick and death benefit fund
of the Letter-carriers' Association.
This association was organized in this
City, January 20, 1888, the objects being
mutual benefit — especially to furnisi aid
to members when rendered incapable by
sickness of protecting and providing for
themselves, to encourage the spirit of
union and brotherly love among its mem
bers.
The association is incorporated under
the laws of the State of California, and
haß a membership of 160 carriers, almost
the entire letter-carrier force of this City.
The relief fund has been greater than re
ceipts from tnis source, nnd to mate up
this deficiency is the purpose of the an
nual picnic. The committee of arrange
ments is .composed of the following-named
carriers: G. W. Spiller (chairman), R. M.
Roche, R. H. Morse, James H. Smith, H.
M. Locke, J. J. Brown, I). T. Dougherty,
R. Donovan and L. Russel, who have
worked bard in providing for the enjoy
ment of the picnickers.
Three hundred gate and game prizes
will be ortered, many of which are of value
and utility. The list comprizes stoves,
sewing-machines, articles of every-day
household use, jewelry, etc. The music
wiil be fnrni-hed by the famous San Fran
cisco Letter-carriers' band of thirty .pieces.
This band was organized January 1, 1894, |
by I. C. Levey and W. Inwood, appointed !
at that time as a committee of two by the |
Letter-carriers' Mutual Aid Association, i
The band is a distinguishing feature cf the
association and is a great success. Follow
ing are the officers of tlie band: Presi
dent, D. T. Dougherty; vice-president, J.
S. Bullivan; secretary an* manager, I. C.
Levey; treasurer, P. J. Whelan; librarian]
H. de Landresse; leader, Herman Schafer;
instructor, Professor L. yon der Mehden;
directors— B. F. Ames, L. Nunan, C. de la
Fontaine.
Boats will leave the S. F. and N. P.
Company's slip at 9 and 11 a. m.. 12:35,
1:50 and 3:30 p. m. for the accommodation
of those desirous of attending the picnic.
The last train return in k to the City will
leave the park at 6:30 p. m. A diversity of
amusement has been provided for the j
day, including games, jumping, races,
sports of all kinds, muaic and dancing.
With this attractive programme, the
popularity of the carriers and the patriot
ism of the day it is certain that Schuetzen
Park will be crowded by the very best
people from San Francisco.
A MUCH MIXED CASE.
Mining Stock That Has Pasned Through
Many Hands Sued For.
Charles Ashton and Julius Jacobs, ex
ecutors of the will of Solomon 0. Heyden
felat, have sued Charles J. Heggerty, Sun
shine O. Heydenfeldt, Elizaoeth A. Hey
denfeldt and the Zeila Mining Company
for the return of 4674.64 shares of Zeila
mining stock which was ieft by the will of
Solomon Heydenfelat to his wife Elizabeth
Heydenfeldt.
After the stock was transferred to Mrs.
Heydenfeldt the Supreme Court decided
that it was subject to claim as part of the
estate of the deceased, he owing $40,000 on
a mortgage.
The executors have brought suit against
its present possessors to recover the stock,
in order that it may be used to satisfy the
mortgage.
O'DONNELL OWES RENT.
The Perennial Candidate Sued for the
Hire of Hi* Office.
Dr. C. C. o'Donnell has for tome time
dropped out of sight, but yesterday
he bobbed up again, and in a way that is
undoubtedly little to his liking. He waa
sued for four months' rent of his offices at
Kearny and Wasbington^streets.
It has been a popular supposition that
the "people's perennial candidate" was a
man of considerable means, and the fact
that he is unable to settle a bill of $40 per
month will come in the nature of a shock
to his friends.
The complaint was filed by Henrietta
Roullet, et al., owners of the property, suit
being brought for four months' rent from
March 1.
ii. W. o'Donnell is also named as a de
fendant in the action.
UNDER A FLORAL CANOPY
Clare M. Burkhardt and Alfred
C. Ledeme Wedded Last
Evening.
Only Re atives and Intimate Friends
Attend the Ceremony — Trip
t) Del Monte.
Only the relatives and intimate friends
witnessed the nuptials of Miss Clare M.
Burkhardt and Alfred C. Ledeme, receiv
ing teller of the London, Paris and Ameri
can Bank, solemnized lost evening at the
residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. George Burkhardt, 220 Thirteenth
street.
Simplicity, combined with rare good
taste, wero the characteristic details of the
wedding. Choice blossoms were used to
decorate the drawing-room* of the resi
dence, and in the apartment where the
ceremony was performed an immense in
verted Japanese umbrella completely hid
den beneath a trellis of roses and ever
greens formed a canouy under which
the young couple stood while the ttev.
J. M. Buehler read the impressive Luth
eran service.
The bride was attended by her sister,
Miss Amelia Burkhardt, who officiated as
maid of honor, and Miss Dora Westphal,
who acted as bridesmaid. Henry Colora
bat was best man and Edward Burkhardt,
groomsman.
The uride, a stately and attractive
blonde, was attired in a* modish traveling
gown of silver blue silk, elaborately
trimmed with lace and jeweled trimming.
The maid of honor wore a dainty gown of
delicate gray silk and the bridesmaid was
prettily attired in a pale Dlue silk gown.
After the ceremony an elaborate' bridal
supper was served. Mr. and Mrs. Ledeme
will leave this morning on a bridal trip to
Del Monte, and on their return will go to
housekeeping at 11 Adair. The happy
younix people received many beautiful and
costly presents.
Ask your newdsealers lor The Star, out to
day. •
HALF A MILLION
FOR UNCLE SAM,
Special Taxpayers Crowd
the Internal Revenue
Office.
THIRTY DAYS OF WORK
What It Costs Dealers to Sell
Wine, Beer and Whisky to
the Public.
RIGHTS OF BESTATJRATEURS.
Not Permitted by the Government to
Give Away Any Kind of Lquor
to Customers.
Hundreds of special taxpayers crowded
the office of the Internal Revenue Col
lector yesterday. There are thousands
yet to come, so it is probable that the next
thirty days will witness a continual stream
of men and women anxious to pour the
golden shekels into Uncle Sam's de
pleted treasury. In consequence of this
heavy rush. Collector Welburn and Chief
Deputy Loup are up to their necks in busi
ness.
For the fiscal year ending July 1, 1895,
there were enrolled on the revenue books
of this City 10,600 special taxpayers. It is I
thought that these figures will be swelled !
at least 500 when the books are closed :
July 31. Of the number already recorded, ]
9700 are retail and 390 wholesale liquor
dealers. In addition to this there are 150 j
retail dealers in malt liquors and 100 j
wholesalers. The following are the special i
taxes now imposed by law:
Rectifiers of less than 500 barrels... $100 00 ■
Rectifiers of 600 barrels or more 200 00 i
Dealers, retail liquor 25 00 :
Dealers, wholesale liquor 100 00 ;
Dealers in milt liquors, wholesale 50 00 i
Healers in malt liquors, retail 20 00 i
Keta'.l dealers in oleomargarine 48 00 i
Wholesale dealers in oleomargarine 480 00 ■
Manufacturers of oleomargarine 600 00 ;
Manufacturers of stills... 60 00 j
and for each still manufactured 20 00 |
and for each worm manufactured. 20 UO i
Brewers of lens than 6 00 barrels f>O*JO '
Brewers of 500 barrels or more 100 00 I
In restaurants where wine or beer is
given away with meals the retail liquor
dealer's tax of $2j is imposed. Every per
son liable to special tax upon commenc
ing Dusiness and again at the beginning of
each special-tax year must fiie with the
collector or deputy collector a sworn re
turn on this form, and pay to the Col
lector of Internal Revenue the amount of
the tax. For failure to make the return
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
required by law to assess a penalty of 50
percent of the amount of the tax. The
failure to procure a special-tax stamp also
renders the delinquent liable to criminal
prosecution.
At the end of the thirty days allowed
the special taxpayers in which to make
their returns, Collector Welburn, through
his deputies, makes a canvass of every
house and store in his district. In this
way the Government comes very near get
ting every cent due. Those who have at
tempted to beat the law, and there are
always a few, are shown little or no con
sideration. They must pay the 50 per cent
fine, as already told, and in addition run
the risk of criminal prosecution. Chief
Deputy Loun says, however, that under
Mr. 'Welburn the number of people who
endeavor to evade taxation is growing less
each year.
It is expected that about $405,000 will be
collected this year. Of tbis forty rectifi
ers, who turn out more than 500 barrels
annually, pay JfcOOO, while the 100 who
keep under 500 barrels escape with a taxa
tion of $10,000. The heaviest special tax
imposed by law is on manufacturers of
oleomargarine. There is not at the pres
ent time, however, a single factory in
operation in the State.
It is not generally known that special
tax stamps are not transferable from one
dealer to another. When a new member
is added to a firm paying special tax a new
stamp is required. When two persons,
each holding a stamp for business, form a
partnership the firm must pay special tax.
In addition to- the special-tax payers
now crowding to Internal Revenue Office
there are scores of cigar manufacturers
filing new bonds. Collector Welbnrn made
a ruling some weeks asro that no more
stamps would be issued after July 1 unless
bonds were filed.
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St., San Francisco.
THE LEADING COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
west of Chicago. Book keeping, penmanship,
business practice, shorhana (Pitman, Graham,
KcUctic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lan-
guages, English branches and everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taught. -
Department of Electrical Englneerln; in success-
ful operation.
Individual Instruction. 20 teachers. Night ses-
sions in all departments. . students can com-
mence at any tlm». Thousands of graduates in
positions. Write for catalogue.
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
ESTABLISHED 1858. 628 ELEVENTH ST
'J cor. Clny. Sirs. M. K. Blake, Principal; T. D
Adams, A.M.. master: Mary K. AMen. A.8.. pre-
cep.ress. Best of accommodations for boarding or
day pupils. Includes from kindergarten to uni-
versity work. None but teachers of large culture
and experience. Special attention to Art. Music,
Oratorical Work, Physical Culture and Deport-
meat. A safe and pleasant, home school.
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL POX THE UNl-
i.' verslty. Law «nd Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. .Many students < have been
successfully prepared at this school. Day and
evening sessions. References,' President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. i'helan building, Nos.
333-835. PHOF. U U..GRAU, Principal, late of
Stanford University. . , .
TRISITY SCHOOL (FOLDED 1876).
BOARDIKU AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
and young men. Prepares for Diversity and
colieee. Boarders limited to 35. Accredited
school with the universities. Easter term opens
Monday, August 3. -~ ■ •
... XXV. DR. E. B. SPALDiy«, Rector.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
pOARDINO AND DAY SCHOOL FOR YOUNG
• ' ladies. Primary and Kindergarten forChlldren.
A Carriage will call. : Next session will begin on i
Monday, August 8. Address .■••■■>'*'■
, ■ XXV. K. 15 CHURCH. A.M., 1036 Valencia st. i
MISS HAMLIVS e-CHOOL AND VAN NESS
Seminary.- & bordinit and day school for
girls under the direction of MISS SARAH I).
HAMLIN and MRS. EDNA S>.'KLL POULSON.
.Fall term opens Wed.', Aug. 8. All departments,
kindergarten to college preparatory, all or write
for particulars, 1849 Jackson st., San Francisco. .
.NEW TO-DAY— DRT GOODS.
PJID TIATTDC!' 0 ifrTl?
'UK HOuKd oALh ! |
Another four hours of 'the wonderful MAZE BAR- X
GAINS. To prevent disappointment we again state that X
X the goods will be sold only during the time specified. ' €
n From Bto 12 o'Clock. }
il DIMITY AT sc. i ,
' 7 50 pieces Irish Dimity in the latest and prettiest designs, the favorite Bum- I '
mer fabric, worth Sv-^c. '
*\ NEW COLLARS AT 10c. 1 ,
TTf Ladies' New. Style Turn-over Collars, best linen, 10c each. The Cuffs to II '
11 match, now so popular for shirt waists, 20c a pair.
I WOOL CHALLIE AT 15c. } |
Some more of those Silk-striped Challies, only a few— but they are beauties.
U in light or dark, worth 35c. 1
f KID BELTS AT 10c. I
Genuine White Kid Belts, with pretty enameled buckles, for 10c *
4J LACE VEILS AT 15c. •
J Ladies' Silk Tuxedo Lace Veils, in black or colors, plain or with chenille t '
dots, and edged all round with butter-color lace, worth 25c.
i ■ i
) From ito 5 ©'Clock. ! j
1 STORM SERGE AT 25c.
I Navy Blue Storm Serge, 36 inches wide, all wool and sold in other stores for i
\ 1 ' 50c a yard. m
ORGANDIES AT BKc.
• I 30 pieces Figured Organdie and Linon in Persian, Dresden and pretty new i
'T r designs; goods worth 15c a yard. _ ■
STOCKINGS, 3 PAIRS FOR sOc.
• | -The New Polka Dot Hose, for ladies, silk-finished and well worth 35c a pair. '
PETTICOATS AT 98c. V
4£ | Made in gray, brown or tan color moreen, with a deep Spanish flounce < 1
m good value at $1 50, will be offered at 9Sc. ' -I
INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS AT sOc BOX. I
i Ladies' Initial HandKerchiefs— hemstitched, pineapple cloth— 6 in box for is i
If 50 cents; our usual price $1 a box. SS
][ From 6to 10 o'Clock. iv
{} FINE SILKS AT 49c. ij ;
if Beautiful Figured Crystal Benpaline, Striped and Figured Satin Duchesse T
1 U Ombre Satin Duchesse, plain or figured; Colored Taffeta, striped or
Sea figured. Any of these silks are worth from $1 75 to $2 50 a yard. 44
Tf CRINKLED WASH GOODS AT sc. ft
(1 1 The best quality of Seersuckers in new and fast-color tints, worth 10c a yard'
•ft FANCY BELTS AT 19c. Si
: Iridescent Tinsel Belts, 1 inch wide, with gold buckles, very handsome '
/I \ % worth 75c. U
BOYS' HOSE AT 3 PAIRS FOR sOc. a^ y
C ► Heavy Black-ribbed Cotton Hose, sizes 6% to 9}£. The kind that will wear. €%
jL The regular price is 25c a pair. ji[
X WRAPPERS AT 98c. V
yr Ladies' Wrappers, made of fine percale and lined waist and sleeves with O
ffy fitted lining, worth from $150 to $175. . X
A FOR THE FOURTH-A Splendid Collection of FLAGS, BUNTING X
V LANTERNS, FESTOONING and all decorative materials at the lowest V
J Open Friday Evening. Closed Saturday All Day. $
9 rp R0P Bs o* jfeg, HOJXC^^
SOI THi:itN l>4('Il-It' CO.HPAST.
(PACIFIC MV.STI'.M.)
Ti'»lin leave mi-<I lire <liio In Hirlir nt
NAN FUAMCiKI'O.
iXATJ: ______ From June 7. IS9G. — ariuvb
•«:OOa Niks, San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:45 A
T:OOa Atlantic Express. Og'len ami East.. ••4,'Sp
7:60 a Benida, VacaviUe, Rurasey. Sacra.
rnento, Orovillo and Redding Tis
Dayis «:45p
7:OOa Martinez, San Ramon, Kapa> Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
Si3oa Kites. Sail Jose, .Stockton, lone.
■ : '-.-; Sacramento, Marysviilc and Iteil
Bluff 4:15 i»
•8:SO\ Peters anil Milton «7:13p
•iUOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.os Angeles  4:43*
O:00a Martinez and Stockton 11:13 a
9:OO a. Vallejo 6:15r
l:OOp NHes, San Jose and LtTcrmore 8:45 a •
•I:OOi> Sacramento Kiver Steamers •DiOOp
tl:»Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45r
4:o«i> Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vullejo,
Is'ajia, Calistogo, El Verano oii
Santa Koea 9:1."5 a
*KK>p B»nicia, Vaciville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, • MarrsriilG, V
Oiotille and .Sacramento 10:43 a
4zS«r Kili>s, Ban Jose, Liverinore and
Stockton 7:15p
4:80r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:43 a
O:09p New Orleans i;«pri^a.l'r<;siio,l!akera^
Celd, Knnta lUrliarn.Lns Angelet
. Doming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 10:10 a
sioOp Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Express
forMojave ami East IC:l3a
8:OOp Vallejo 11:43 a
6:O»i- European Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... 9:4.^a
OiOOp llnywniils, Niles anil Han J0ae...... - "7:15 a.
}7:00 r Valleja j7:45p
7:00p Oregon Expresa, .Sacramento, Marys-
Tllle, Bedding, Portland, Puget
Sound end ICant 10:4
SANTA VIU'A IHVISION (Narrotr <iange>.
J7:43a Santa Crtus Excursion, f-auta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ...... J B: o3*
S:l3a Ncnark,Ceiitervillo,.Suu.lose.Felton,
Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations. 3 >sOr
•2:15? Newark, Ce'.iterville, San Jose. New
AlmaiUn, Feiton, Boulder Creek,
Hauta Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations »ll a
| itlSp Newark. San .lose ami l,os Catus. ... «J«.»:.'»oa
COAST IHVISION { lliiid A lowimeiiil St«.)
•6:43 a Han .lose ami Way .Stations (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) ( - 9:47 a
?7:30a Sunday Excursion for Son Jose>
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations tSsB9p
8:15* San .line, Ttm Vinos, Hauta Crux.
?acilic Grove, Pa*o Rubles, San
fjiiis Oliispo, Guadarapo and Prin-
Tiiiial Way Station* TrOSp
M»»47a Palo Alto and Way Stations fli3Op
1O:4Oa San Jose and \V:iy Stations S:OOp
Ili3oa Pal) Alto ami Way Stations 3:30p
•«:UUrSan Mateo, Menlo Park. San Jos*
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cms,
Balinas,MonteTey and PaciflcGrove *IQ:4Oa
•3:»0p San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations ....;.. •l;3OP
•4:30p Sun Jose ami Way Stations »»:»Oa
3:3oi> Kan Jose and Principal Way Stations •«: 4M a
4l:3ttr San Jose and Way Stations <!::Isa
Hl:4oi- San Jose ami Wav Stations...: t7:43p
SAX LWAMHiO AM) IiAYWAIUis Lm:AL.~*
»«H:OOa"J ( 7:15 a
8:O»a I <»:43a
lo!™a| Melrose, Scmtn.ry Ptrk, Yu\a*
*™% Fitehtmr* , Sam L««dro ■**&
««£ Harward,. •**
7:«0p > B:j.-, r
HiOOp ,_ ;' , . _!*• • . 0:45f
O.OOp •' Ran* thrpusb to NHes. 10-SOr
ltU:lspj tFromNilea. Url2:oor "]
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from FRIHOISCO— Foot of Mtrkct Street (Slip 8)-
-•7:15 . 9.-0 11:0,1 a.m. U:00 «2:00 13-CC
•1:03 JB:0O •C:OOr.M. +
from OAKUKD— Foot of BrotdwT.— -6:00 8-C
10:00 a.m. ti::QO *1:00 12:00 *3:00 ti:CC
«j:OOrj!. - *
.. A for Morning. : p for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. -.. f Saturdays on)j
 «. , _ * Sundays only.
i 1 Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. • '
5 Sstnnlsyo and Htmdayi for Santa Cruz.
SORTD v PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
■ (Via Sausalito Ferry).
from San Francisco, «.'ommenclng Jane 15, 189&
1; . WKEKDAYS.
F< i Ul ,, Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *8-00
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. *. ' ■*
_ BU.ND.AYS.
'S, 1 ?. 111 -.V* 1 . 167 Rnd San Kafael-*8 :00, •9:00,
- •10:00,11:31) a. m.; **l-2:3j, *1 :30, *2:15, •4-oa
11^00 a : B :3 ° IV M . i^tratrip to Bausalitoat
Trains marked. * run ■to San Qnentin. **12 - 3O
p. M. does not run to Mill Valley.
_ THROUGH TRAINS
For Point Reyes ana way sth-.ions— B:oo a. m.
it 11 rdayB: 9 A m. SunJav ; 6:15 p. m. weekdays.
_ *or I'olnt Reyes. C'azaciero and way stations—
§..-00 a. vi. Sundays, 1:46 c. x. vvseMays. «- . I
. RAILROAD TRAVEL;
SMFRAKCISCO & iVORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY co;
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
.*.-;>;: San Francisco to San Rafael. : .
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 a.m.; 1233.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-Extra trip
M 11:30 p. it Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. it.
SUNDAYS-7:ao, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:3 ft
:00, 6:20 P. M.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:80, 9:10, 11:10 a it-
it 2 i 4 :i5 3 p 4 S'. an I d°6^P^ tUldayS - '' «
at 1:65 p. m. and 0:35 p.m. .
i Bm lSto!teu'£ 5 *. 9 ' Ji *' 11:1 ° ?• *•' I:4 °- 3 **
i Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Ban Francisco. J™* 6 * San Francisco.
Wkkk I Sun- i,.. 1 .^,,,- Sdn- I Wmr"
Dayb. I day*. pAY9j j Da y^
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am I 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am I Petalnma, 6:05 pm 10:10 ait
6:10 pm; 5:00 PM; Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pjc
Fulton, ~~
7:30 am Windsor. . 10:10 am
Heald3burs,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm! 6:18 pm
j Pieta, ' j '
7:30 am I Hopland & 10:10 am
3:30 7:30 am; Uklah. 7:30 PM| 6:16 pm
7:30 am I 10:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm | 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7 :30 am 1 7:30 am I set™.,™, 10:40 am '10:10 AM
3:30 PM 15:00 pm | ° CDaBtopou | 6:05 pm| 6:15 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for spaces Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and JLakeport; a:
Hopland for Lulceport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. John -Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck*
nells, Sanbedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr's Ho: Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Wsstport, Tj Bn i, Willets, Cahto, Co»
T«lo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. . .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle hniMlng.
' H. WHITING. - R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic **l||i|||*|
Pacific i Jlll|§|w
KAIJLKOAD i^tiiiiliisii?
Trains leave and arrive ftjj^fi^^^j 3H
Market-Street Ferry. V^^^^^^^
BISTA FE EXPRESS. WgjM
To Chicago via A. A I'.^S^S^feo^
Direct lAim •w^*&*tQr^
j Leave* every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
I Palace I)r»win<r-rocm Sleepers, a so Modern Up-
lio.s.e«d Tourist Sleepm .-«.»«, with clean linen
and beduiii^ auu in cbarm of ■■• porter, run daily
thro-ieh o riiicii-u via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis.
PensO.iiHy ro .ducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, t h Montreal and the White
Mountain* lenv.- . v, ■•■ Weinesia-. - ■
The best railway from California to th? East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
-Telephone Main 1."..'M. . .
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS.
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water ■ Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as are supplied with its hydrants.
Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
propose to erect on th seawall, between Howard
; and Mission streets. Ships lying In the stream
j will be Informed at the above office, at the time of '
i making such applications, - from what hydrant*
! their water-boats will ba - supplied. Reasonable
i notice must be given In all cases, and application*
will be filled at the : earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily, .Sundays and
holidays excepted, unless specially ; contracted
otherwise -
By order of the Board of Directors. .
: ; PELHAiI W. AMES, Secretary. \
910
WEDDED NEAR THE
COLLEGE WALLS.
Leland Stanford Lathrop and
Miss Watson Quietly
Married.
AN EVENT IN BERKELEY
Illness of the Bride's Mother
Prevented Any Dis
play.
BOTH PARTIES WELL KNOWN.
Bride and Groom Started At Once for
Their Honeymoon in South
ern California.
BERKELEY, Cal.. July 2.— One Of the
most notable, and et the same time one
of the most quiet and unostentatious,
weddings that was ever held in the uni
versity town took place this afternoon at
the Goodrich residence on Dwight way, |
Miss Lillian Marion Watson and Leland Stanford Lathrop.
Leland Stanford Lathrop and Miss Lillian
Marion Watson having been the con
tracting parties.
The usual pomp and splendor at
tendant with weddings in high social
life was absent, largely on account of
the illness of the bride's mother. Only
the nearest relatives of the bride and
groom were present; they numbered in
all about twelve persons.
The Episcopal ceremony which made the
pair busband and wife was rendered by
Dr. E. B. Spaulding of Trinity School.
Miss Rowena Watson, only sister of the
bride, acted as bridesmaid, and Frank Van
Ness of San Francisco served as best man.
The bride was attired in a plain travel
ing dress, while the bridesmaid was at
tired in a finely wrought gown of mousseiin
de soie.
The presents received were numerous
and elegant. It was expected that Mrs.
Leland Stanford would be present, but on
account of illness she was prevented from
so doing.
Amid a shower of rice the happy couple
was driveu to the local train, by which
they left for Southern California on their
honeymoon.
They will spend most of the time while
in the South at Santa Barbara, after which
they will return to San Francisco, where
they will make their home.
TART RESOLUTIONS.
Women Object to Rerent ('iterances
Hade by J. Richard
Freud.
The following resolutions have been
adopted by the American Women's
Liberal League:
Whereas, J. Richard Freud in his reply to
the American Women's Liberal League insinu
ates that said women use unfair tactics; and,
whereas, there are no tactics more unfair than
suppression of the truth and suggestion of the
false; and, whereas, J. Richard Frued states
that "the new charier opens the portals" to
women to serve upon the School Board; and
whereas, the law already in force, to wit-
Part 111, title itii, chapter 3, article VI, section
1593, of the Political Code, provides "that no
person shall be deemed ineligible to the office
of trustee on account of sex" ; and. whereas, we
do no! need to ''open the portalb" to any loyal
citizen, nor to close the portals to any oth^r
loyal citizen ; and, whereas, J. Richard Freud
states that the new charter provides
that "it shall be the duty of the
Superintendent of Schools to see that no
religion* or MetasUn books or teachings are
allowed in the schools"; and whereas the very
came provision is now in force by virtue
of out present laws; and whe*rea» J
Richard Freud stated that the provis^
ion of the charter excluding from the
public schools all teachers except those who
have been educated in the public school sys
tem of California is based upon the most patri
otic motives, because in the first plaoethei*
are only 680 places in our scho >!s and there
are 1381 pupils in our Normal schools, and be
cause, in the second place, Eastern
and foreign-born teachers with pulls have
forced graduates of tlie University of Cali
fornia into menial positions; and where
as, It is untrue to say that these 1381
pupils are looking for (he (>BO places in the
City and County oi Kan Francisco, since every
school from Sukiyou to Ban Diego is open
to them; and whereas, there is no more
reason why the municipality should provide
johx for the graduates of the Normal schools
than that It should provide jobs ior the book
keepers, stenographers, typewriters, me
chanics blacksmiths or carpenters, who have
graduated from the other schools; and whereas
it is untrue that our department is flooded"
with Eastern and foreign teachers; and
whereas, it is an outrage that the Merchants'
Association of this City, m.-my of whose mem
bers are patronized by the present teachers,
should permit its secretary to insult the noble
able and self-sacrificing women who hold po
sitions in our School Department by spying
that they hold their positions neither by merit,
ability nor capacity ; and whereas, the' section
of the charter which J. Richard Freud advo
cates makes it impossible- for any one who
has ever attended a private school
even for the shortest period to become a
teacher in the pubic schools; and whereas
this provision was introduced by the A. P. A
in order to destroy, if possible, t'lve parochial i
schools of a certain church by punishing all
who might have hud at f.ny time attended
those schools; and whereat, "the provisions of
the charter are determined not by the inten
tions of the lramers. but by the letter of the
charter; and whereas, according to J. Richard
Freud's own coniession, the machinery for
amending the charter is so cumbrous and
complicated that the instrument is almost in
capable of amendment; now, therefore be it
Resolved, That we condemn, reject and re
pudiate the tactics of J. Richard Freud in sup
pressing the truth: (1) by concealing the lact
that almost every good and desirable feature
of the new charter is contained In our present
laws; (2) by concealing the fact that it is un
constitutional to deny the citizens of each
State all privileges and immunities ot citizens
in the several States (Art. IV Sec. 2); (3) by
concealing tne fact that the clause in question
is so worded that no person who has ever at
tended any other school but a public school
can be a teacher in our public schools, for
which these persons pay taxes; (4) by con
cealing the fact that this provision is an A. P.
A. provision, inserted for the purpose of in
juring people of a certain religious denomina
tion; (5) by concealing the fact that this
charter is supported by the united strength of
the a. P. A. solely and entirely on account of
this provision; (G) by concealing the fact that
the Merchants' Anoctatlon and J. Richard
Kreud are wittingly or unwittingly doing the
dirty work of tne A." P. A.; ana be It further
Resolved, That we loathe, detest and abhor
the tactics of J. Richard Freud In suggesting
falsehood: (1) By insinuating that all the
teachers in the School Department of S»n
Francisco have obtained their positions by un
due influence and on grounds other than
merit, ability and capacity; (2) by stating that
the 1381 puplis of the Normal schools have no
other chance of practicing their calling than
by getting some of the CSO places in the City
of San Francisco; (3) by hinting that the
School Department of this City is over
run with Eastern or foreign teachers;
(4) by suggesting that the young men
and women of California who aspire
to be teachers are not able to take care of
themselves without special protection; (5)
by stating that the framers of the charter were
men of liberal ideas, when we know that many
of them were owned body and soul by the
A. P. A. ; and be it further
Kan red. That we call on the members of the
Merchants' Association to inform us what
object they have in advocating this barbarous,
retrograde, illiberal, unjust and bigoted sec
tion; and be it further
Resolved. That we call on each ana every one
of the 10.000 American women who have
signed our roll to use their personal influence
with tue members of the Merchants' Associa
tion to fir.d out what influence is at work to
make these gentlemen support a provision
aimed at the adherents o! a certain creed, and
be it further
Resolved, That we postpone the consideration
oi the other provisions of the charier until our
next meeting.
McCLATCHY'S CONVICTION
It Has Been Taken Up by the
Free Press Defense As
sociation.
A New Law Demanded to Protect
People From Arbitrary
Judges.
The reorganization of the Free Press
Defense Association took place Wednes
day night, the following officers being
elected :
Hon. James G Magutre, president; Herman
Gutstadt. vice-president; A. Sbarboro, record
ing secretary; L. M. Manzer, corresponding
secretary; Charles A. Malm, treasurer. Exe
cutive committee— Charles M. Shortridge. Ar
i thur McEwen, Hon. Joseph Leggett, W. J. B.
Mackay, David Farquharson, Stewart Men
zies, W. H. Hawley, John H. Marble, James H.
; Barry. •
The organization had been slumbering
! for some time, but awakened when Editor
Charles K. McClatchy was recently sub
jected to arbitrary conviction at the hands
of the court he was alleged to have scored.
In this case the court acted as accuser,
jury and executioner. Following are the
i resolutions adopted :
Whereas, Charles K. McClatchy, editor of
I the Sacramento Bee. on June 5 of this year
! was brought before Superior Judge Callin,
: whom he had offended by criticism, and, after
being denied his inalienable right to be heard
; in his own defense, in accordance with the
• constitution and the statutory laws, wns fined
$500, with the alternative ol serving 250 days
' in the County Jail; and whereas, the Legisla
ture of this State in.1891, by an almost unani
mous vote in response to an equally unani
i mous public sentiment, passed what is known
as the Barry law, which law reads as, follow*:
No speech, statement or publication reflect
ing upon any court or any officer thereof shall
j be treated or punished its a contempt of such
I court unless made in the immediate presence
of such court .while in session, and in such a
manner as to interfere with its proceedings.
Whereas, Judge Catlin has declared that he
• is superior to Hie jaw-making power and iohis
: creators and that the above law is unconstitu
| tional; therefore, be it • ,
Beta Md, That the act of Judge Catlin Is in
utter defiance of law and equity and of the
fundamental principles on which this Govern
ment was founded ; and be it further
Resolved, That the act of Congress of March
31, 1831, passed for the purpose of preventing
the Judges of the United States courts from
ever denying a jury trial for words spoken or
written, out of court, concerning a Judge—
and which act is practically the fame as the
law passed by the Legislature in 1891— should
be adopted at the next session of tne Legisla
ture, and be submitted to the people as a con
stitutional amendment; and be it also
Resolved, That the California Free Press De
fense Association pledges itself to oppose any
candidate for the Legislature at the coming
election who 1 will not agree to vote for such
amendment.. • • - > .
Republican* of the Forty- Fifth.
C. G. Nag'e was" elected president of the
Forty-fifth Assembly. District Republican Club
at a meeting held last evening. The following
K Xe n C - U i t H V '\v CO J n w Ul H c o W 'L S iJPPointed: Milton
K. Babb. V . 8. Wood, R. £. Silvend, c.J. Ward
J. i. Lawson, W. Shew, Thomas 1. Stanton L
Kirschbaum and W. A. Scott, ~ l » ni °n, i~
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY S, l»y«
SEAVER'S STORY
SOMEWHAT SHAKEN
Attorney Dunne Conducts a
Rigid Cross-Examina
tion.
THE WITNESS IS FRANK
Admits That He Has Done Noth
ing on the Square Since
1894
HOW HE SAW THE PRIZE-FIGHT
While Walking Past the Pavilion
With an Officer They Were In
vited In.
The cross-examination of witness Seaver
or Dean consumed most of the time in the
trial of Creejran and Becker yesterday in
Judge Wallace's court. The conclusion
of his direct testimony was given in the
same easy and unembarrassed manner as
his story on Wednesday. The exception
ally strong and piercing cross-examina
tion of Attorney Dunne failed to confuse
the witness, although it made him con
tradict in some details the testimony he
had given in the McCloskey trial.
Attorney Wilson continued his examina
tion of Seaver in the morning. Seaver
had made an agreement with Creegan that
the latter and Charles Becfcer should each
receive one-fourth of the $20,000, i. c.
$5000 apiece. After McCloskey and Seaver
divided the money Seaver did not see
Creegan until several weeks later, when
he met him in New York. When Seaver
had left this City on the afternoon of
December 19, 1895, he traveled under the
name of S. C. Jones. The witness here
identified the overland railroad ticket on
which he had traveled East. Seaver was
arrested in the St. Paul National Bank in
Minnesota. McCloskey was arrested
about the same time in Minneapolis, and
both were brought back to this City about
March 11 by Detectives Seymour and
Whittaker.
Attorney Wilson went back again to the
forged check. Before he came out from
New York Seaver had procured various
samples of bank paper and h?d given them
to Creegan to be used by Becker. Seaver
again examined the forged draft and swore
that the perforated figures changing the
draft from $12 to $22,000 had been made
between the time he gave the original
check to Creegan to give to Becker and
the time when he received it again from
Creegan.
The statement made by Seaver to Cap
tain Lees on the morning alter he was
brought back to tLe City was substantially
the same as the story told by the witness
on the stand Tuesday and given at length
in yesterday's Call. While in this City
Seaver often slept at the Hammam Baths,
where he often met Talbot Clifton and
White Hat McCarthy. Seaver here men
tioned that his crooked career began with
bis arrest for having in his possession a
$50 counterfeit bill. After that he fell in
with various forgers and engaged in vari
ous jobs.
Seaver also identified a sample of Cree
gan's handwriting, with which he declared
he was familiar. A memorandum of ex
tracts from the Bankers' Almanac, with a
list of various suitable banks in Minnesota
and Dakota doing business with the St.
Paul and Minneapolis banks, was offered
in evidence as a specimen of Creegan's
handwriting in spite of Attorney Dunne's
objection.
Attorney Dunne began the cross exami
nation of the witness with some questions
about Seaver's statement made to Captain
Lees, and introduced a copy of it which
had been sworn to before a deputy clerk
and forwarded to New York. Then the
attorney for the defense began his attack
upon the witness' testimony. Seaver ad
mitted that he had no legitimate occu
pation and had done nothing 'on the
square' since 1894. He had been convicted
ot jelony three times, once for forgery and
twice for counterfeiting. deaver is at
present under indictment for ;orgery. but
althongh;he was indicted before Creegan
and Becker, his trial has been postponed.
He said he wanted McCloskey's trial to be
completed Brat. Since his arrest he has
not been actually confined in a cell. Al
though not admitted to bail, he has been
allowed to go to various places in this
City, the park, Cliff House, restaurants,
telegraph offices and elsewhere. He had
also witnessed the prize-fight at the Pa
vilion.
Seaver corroborated in general the de
tails of his direct testimony. Attorney
Dunne pressed him particularly with
reference to his intimacy with McCloskey.
Seaver and McCloskey were together
nearly every day, dining together at the
"Pup and the "Zinkand."
At the opening of the afternoon session
Attorney Dunne questioned the witness in
regard to the raised draft. He gave as his
opinion, after having examined the draft
through a class, that it was a very expert
piece of workmanship. The photographic
copy, which Captain Lees had shown him,
disclosed imperfections in the work, and
judging from this only, Seaver had ex
pressed the opinion that it was a bungline
joo. B s
Seaver's account of his actions on the
morning when he drew the $20,000 contra
dicted the testimony of Cashier Grant
Seaver denied that McCloskey or any one
else had entered the bank with him or had
suggested that he take the money in gold
or had gone out with him. Before going
into the bank he had gone into a saloon
with McCloskey.
After taking the money to the buggy,
driving to the Mission and returning to
town, as Seaver recounted in his testimony
on Wednesday, he ami McCloskey divided
the money and McCloskey went out for
two or three hours. Meanwhile, Seaver
shaved and packed his belongings, in- !
eluding some $4000, in a valise and $5000
in a parcel. When Seaver left tbe room
he left McCloskey in charge of the money.
In is account ot the transaction differed
radically from the statement mnde to Cap- 1
tain Lees, in which it was said thnt the i
division of money wns made at the Bald
win Hotel, and with Creopan. not McClos
key. Weaver explained this by saying that
at the time he signed the affidavit for Lees
he had not read it through. He had
originally told Lees that he had divided
the money with a man whose name he '
oid not give, at a hotel near Market street
and later Lees had substituted Creegan's
name and the Buldwin Hotel without pro
test from Seaver, who did not at that time
wish it to be known where be had staved
with a statement that be had seen 'Mc-
Closkey several times during the past
week, and that McCloskey had come out
here with Seaver's wife, the cross-exami
nation concluded.
On his redirect examination Seaver ex
plained some of the answers he had made
to Attorney Dunne. His visit lothe prize
light had been accidental; he bwd gone
out to supper with an officer, and as they
returned another officer at the Pavilion
invited them in. At the fipht, ns at all
times, be was accompanied by an officer
Ihe permission that He had been given to
stay in the detectives' office instead of
being imprisoned in a cell was given be
cause he had been sick with malaria and
there was a grate fire in the detectives'
100 m.
"\Vilcy G. Lytle, the office-boy employed
by Dean to drive his bnggy, recounted the
incidents of the morning'of December 18
m substantially the same manner as told
by Seaver.
After parting with Dean Lytle got em
ployment with the Pinherton Detective
Agency througn Captain Lees and is now
«°!? ?7 ed by the captain. He had identi
fied McCloskey at St Paul, having seen
photographs and newspaper pictures of
nim. The witness denied that there was
any great resemblance in these pictures to
a man who came into Dean's office on the
morning of December 18. Although he
was not certain at the McCloskey trial
p, , tne ffis n might not have been Mc
closkey, Lytle was quite positive yester
day that it was not.
Detective John F. Seymour, one of the
ofneers who had brought Cree<?an and
Becker back to California from St. Paul,
testified that Becker had told him that he
had never been in this Ci<y, but had re
fused to discuss the case further.
At the conclusion of Detective Sey
mour s testimony the trial was continued
until next Monday mornin? at 10 o'clock.
SAMUEL VALLEAU'S WILL.
Property l>ft by the Xi- npervlaor la
locumbered by Mortgage.
Nellie Val leau, widow of ex- Supervisor
Samuel Valleau, h»s applied for letters of
administration nn the estate of her hus
band, who died in the insane asylum at
Napa on June 6. He lef. property at the
corner of Clay and Devisadero streets val
ued at $7000, but incumbered by a mort
gage.
During his lifetime Valleau was quite a
local celebrity. He was a partner of Thomas
Brodie, the printer, and before his death
was accused of making away with the
partnership property.
He leaves besides his wife a son, aged I 9
and a daughter of 17.
PREPARING NEW MAPS,
The Development Committee
Nearly Ready to Issue
Them.
Headquarters May B. Established in
Chicago — Excursions From
the East.
A meeting of the San Francisco branch
of the State Development Committee was
held yesterday. There were present: W.
M. Bunker, David Rich, Frank A. Vail, f.
J. Truman, Wendell Easton, Hugh Craig,
W. P. Buckingham. Evan J. Coleman,
Herman Bendel, A. B. Maguire ana D. M.
Carman. Mr. Bunker gave an outline of
the work done by the State committee
since the dose of the Atlanta exposition
and now under way. He called for nom
inations for chairman and Herman Bendel
was elected by acclamation.
It was decided to have published an
edition of 300,000 of the toposraphical
State maps containing a birdseye view of
San Francisco as it is and as it looked in
1849, and an article on its commercial
importance and other advantages, illus
trated with half-tone cuts of prominent
buildings, points of interest, etc. To raise
funds for that purpose it was decided to
make a systematic canvass of the City.
Mr. Rich offered the following resolu
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the following circular letter
to the public ol San Francisco be prepared and
signed by all the members of the committee
and thai copies of the same be lurnished the
San Francisco daily papers:
To the. San Francisco J*ublir; The undersigned
representing the Interests of San Francisco on the
California State Development Committee, have
taken up the work believing that by united and
systematic action much can be accomplished in
the wav of developing the resources of the state,
finding new markets for its products, stimulating
Its manufacturing industries and Increasing its
trade. By this means we hope to cause a revival
of business In our own City, and as the first means
to thai end we are endeavoring to have published
and distributed in the East 300.000 topographical
and climatic maps of the »tate, containing a birds
eye view of the City, with an illustrated article on
the commercial and natural advantages of San
Francisco.
These maps are being published at an exceed-
Ingly low cn-,t, and we appeal to the public to aid
In this patriotic work by snbirnbing for them a- 6
cents each, the committee guaranteeing to see
them judiciously and Kysteinaticaily distributed.
. M. Hunker, David Rich, Frank A. Vail, llueh
Craig, Wendell Kttston. W. C. Mysell, Evan J.
Cult-man, Homer A. Craig, O. D. Baldwin, J. P
Carrier, Herman Bemiel, Hui?o D. Kell, W P
Bui-kiiiKhain. A. B. Maguire, I. J. Truman, Alfred
Huuvier, I), at. Carman.
On motion the chairman was instructed
to appoint three members, to constitute
the executive committee, with full power
to act.
The committee discussed at some length
the establishing of permanent headquar
ters at Chicago, where a display of Califor
nia products could be exhibited, literature
distributed and a continual series of stere
opticon views given.
Mr. Bunker said that although there is a
fine exhibit in this City, it did not reach
the class of people whom the committee is
desirous of interesting, those who have
never been out here, and to reach those an
exhibit must be made in the East.
Wendell Easton agreed that the best
work of the committee would be that done
east of the Rocky Mountains.
Mr. Easton, with other members of the
committee, favored running excursions of
tourists and home-seekers from Chicago
to this State under the auspices of the
committee, and thought it made little dif
ference in what part of the State they
landed, San Francisco would b« sure to be
benefited by :he increased immigration
as well as from the tourist travel. It was
expressed as the sense of the meeting that
a series of excursions be inaugurated as
soon as headquarters in Chicago could be
opened.
EIGHTH GRAND COUNCIL
Varied Programme of the Young Ladles'
Institute Convention to Be Held
Next Week.
The eighth Grand Council of the Young
Ladies' Institute will convene in this City
on Tuesday, July 7. It will be owned
with high mass in St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue, at 9a. m. The sessions
will be held daily in Y. M. I. Hall, corner
of Tenth and Market streets, from 9 a. m
till 5 p. m.
Many important matters are to come
before this council, and it promises to be
of unusual interest. All the branches will
be represented by delegates and the City
branches have been making preparation
for the entertainment of the delegates.
On Tuesday evening. July 8, an informal
reception will be held at the Hotel St.
Mcholne, the headquarters of the dele
gates. On Wednesday evening Institute
No. 1 of this City will entertain in K. R.
H. Hall, and will have installation of offi
cers, n fine programme and refreshments.
On Thursday evening, July 9, a grand
entertainment will be given in Metropolis
ton Temple, free to all members of the
Grand Institute. Tickets may be procured
at room 63. Donohoe building On Friday
evening a jrrand reception will be given in
N. S. G. W. Hal!, and on Sunday the dele
gates will visit Camp Montgomery at
Aqua Calicnte, where tlic members of the
League of tbe Cross are encamped.
Mail Clerk Kobbed.
John Gundlach, a clerk in the Postofßce, was
held up by two footpads yt sterday morning, at
2 o'clock, and robl*d of f7 50. Gundlach is
one of the night distributing clerks, and fin
ishing his duties earlier than usual start. d
home. Just as he rencn.d the Washington
street entrance of Hie Postofflcc two men wear
ing masks stepped from behind the corner
and demanded his money, one of the men
emphaizing the request Dy shoving a pistol
under his nose. Gundlach hud b-eu paid off
late Tuesday afternoon, but fortunately sent
all the money home except the amount
named.
■ • ♦ — •
Latest political questions in Barry's Star. •
WILL MOVE TO
A NEW LOCATION,
The Youths' Directory Has
Outgrown Its Present
Quarters.
TOO MANY INMATES.
A Big Home and Technical
School to Be Built in the
Suburbs.
PLANNING A GRAND FESTIVAL.
Money Will Be Raised by a Monster
Fair in the Mechanics'
Pavilion
For some time past the building of the
Youths' Directory at 2030 Howard street
has not been large enough to accommodate
the City's supply of homeless, desolate
The Youths' Directory Building, Which Has Become Too Small for the Waifs of
This City.
boys who need shelter within its walls.
On this account active preparations are
now in progress for a grand festival to be
held in the Mechanics' Pavilion in No
vember, tbe proceeds of which will be de
voted to purchasing a lot in Ihe outskirts
of the City. It is intended to erect a large
home on this lot, with technical schools
where the little waifs and strays can be
taught to become useful members of so
ciety.
The Youths' Directory, although it takes
in destitute children and orphans, has
never, during the ten years of its exist
ence, received a cent either of State or
county aid. Need is the great passport to
admission within its walls. Relieion and
nationality do not enter into the question.
Among the seventy three boys there at
present are two little swarthy skinned
Syrians, who*e parents found themselves
destitute here after the Midwinter Fair
and as for religion, about half tbe chil
dren there are registered as Protestants.
"It would De an inhuman and an un-
Christian thing to make any distinctions i
of religion in admitting these destitute '
boys," said Rev. Dennis Crowley, the I
president, when questioned yesterday on <
the subject. "The Youths' Directory is !
for cases of immediate need— boys who are
picked up homeless in the streets, chil
dren whose parentßdie suddenly and leave
Some of the Boys as They Have Entered the Youths' Directory.
them destitute, or who abandon them.
We never keep our waifs long. The rirst
aim of the Youths' Directory is to mase
the boys self-supporting. Those who are
old enough to work, and who have had a
fair education, go out to stores and fac
tories. The younger ones attend toe Mis
sion Grammar School till we can have
them adopted.* 1
Five hundred destitute boys pass every
year through the Youths' Directory. They
come in helpless, sent by the Society for
tbe Suppression of Vice, the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children and
other organizations. They go out to peo
ple who will care for them, or to positions
where they will be given a start in the
world, and where they Know that they
can always go back to tne directory for
assistance, advice and sympathy. It is on
account of the transitory sojourn of the
children that the State give* no aid. They
do not remain long enough for a claim to
be put in for their support.
It is generally at the turning-point in
the boys' lives that (hey are sent to the
Youths' Directory. They are just on the
verge of vagrancy, homeless in many
cases and without frienas, or wifh friends
that they would be better without. The
directory at once becomes a home to
them; its doors are never locked; indeed,
from the playeround there is a gate that
leads to the street, but boys who have run
away from hall a dozen other institutions
stay here, and if they are sent on errands
to other parts of the City they come back
again as to a home.
The reason the boys give for this is that
they like being there and do not want to
run away. The fact is that they are ruled
by love, tempered, it is true, with firm
ness, but there is no fear. Just now it is
vacation and the boys are having a splen
did time. The studious boys are making
a run on the library and curl themselves
up in sunny nooks with the sort of books
that children love to read.
With all this family of seventy-three
boys, there are only three paid persons to
work in the home. The boys lay the
tables, sweep the airy dormitories* and
make the cozy while beds. When asked
whether it was not more trouble to teach
the boys how to do the work than to do it
one self, P'ather Crowley replied, laugh
ingly, "Well, perhaps it ip, but thinK how
good it is for the boys to learn to be
useful."
The Youths' Directory is in a sense self
supporting. Its chief income is derived
from the sale of a paper, St. Joseph's
Union, which Father Crowley euits.
Every three years, however, a grand festi
val is held, which is always attended by
thousands of people anxious to contribute
a mite by their presence toward the sup
port of so deserving an institution.
This year an especial festival is being
planned, which will take place in the Me
chanics' Pavilion in October. An effort
will be made to appeal to the public, irre
spective of religious convictions.
"I should like to make the taxpayers
see that it is to their interest to support
the directory," said Father Crowley.
"The Stato supports no institution for
homeless children. If the waifs are not
taken off the streets they will assuredly
[ drift into vice and probably to crime, then
! tney will De sent to the penitentiary and
j the taxpayers will have to support them.
j It is better, far better, to take them off the
j streets now and bring them up to be use
ful, self-supporting members of society."
The festival held three years ago was a
great success, but it is expected that the
coming one will far surpass it. There are
to be seventeen large booths, each pre
sided over by twelve to fifteen prominent
j ladies The boys will be in evidence as
squires to run the ladies' errands, and
they are already rehearsing choruses
which they will sing at the concerts whicd
are being planned in connection with the
festival.
A most enthusiastic meeting of the la
dies and gentlemen interested in the forth
! coming festival was held last evening in
the assembly hall of the Youths' Direct
ory, Howard street.
James R. Kelly, chairman, presided, and
■ Miss Nora M. Sullivan was the secretary
! of the meeting.
Among those present were: Mrs. Cassasa.
Mrs. J. Spottistrood, Mrs. J. Regan, Mrs. Je
rome Deasy, Mrs. I_ Butters, Mrs. M. F. Dun
i leavy, Mrs. John Ryall, Mrs. M. E. Deasy,
j Mrs. Sarah Tierney, Miss Anna Donovan, Miss
I Julia Donovan, Mrs. Jeremiah Kelleher, Miss
I N. N. Sullivan, Mrs. T. R. Bannerman, Miss
I M. T. Kelly, Mrs. J. O'Neil. Mr«.'K. M.
Lawler, Miss J. Sullivan, Miss M
Noon, Mlssei Gallagher, Miss McWilliams,
! Mrs. E. M. O'Brien, Mrs. P. Sullivan,
| Mis. J. F. Sullivan, Miss B. Roper, Mrs. Joseph
King, Mrs. C. L. Green, Miss N. Dinan, Mrs. M
A. Cogan, Miss M. A. Cosgrlfr, Miss M. Harvey
Mrs. K. O'Dougherty, Miss If. A. Roper Mrs. J.
Hayes, Mrs. St. Marie. Mrs. K. stay Mrs W M -
Shaughnessy, Mrs. E. McCoy, Mrs J- ''■• \y
Henry, Mrs. Frost, Miss K." Black ' f «
Kirby, Mrs. W. S. Chandler, Mrs. M. J Wri ■-V
H. Connolly, Mrs. E. H.Gadatr* Mi«s Kg.,, T-
Miss Phyliis Gadsby, Mis* . M -.-,,. ]',.  , ,;
MissC. Connolly, Mrs. K. Brown i M,' 7m£
Garrity. Mrs. Junes McGinty, Mrs i.',mil
Ryan. Mrs. T. J. Cusack, Mrs. i> T Rv»,, m, "
J . .i. Donohue. Mrs. Binrms, Miss M. T R van v
Mrs. J. Reidy, Miss M. Callahan, Mrs Me"
Kerning Mrs. Eugenic Ha.rignn ■ M™" M
Burns, Misses Jfnioare, Miss inn, Burns"
Miss ,B. . liemmenw.iy; Mi*ses B « il . urn s '
Bowman, Miss E Rose. Mill r n nd ' V
Miss K. Wheelan, Miss A Ha»V-\n Sf ndf
Carroll. Mrs: G. T. Kuox '■ Mr "" P S jj ■ 1 & M ii- rr
ppiiiSli
« ; A - A> Brown, Miss X {" Hrn«n
A. Walcott, Miss X. O'Brien, Miss N. Lynch
Mrs. J. C. Roberts, Miss H. Fennell, Ml ;'
O'Brien. Mrs. C. McCarthy, Mrs. Ttiomas flat
tery, Miss K. .itik-y, Mrs. Kclimitt, Mrs m
Ryan, Mrs. M. Connolly, Miss M. O'Conno-'
Thomas P. Crowley, J. P. Dignan, David j|
Costello, Kugene McCoy. John P. Henry, John
B. Mclntyre, James J. Gildea, Dr. J. P. Gibbon,
T. P. Riordan, Fred Kauffman, Thomas F.
Doolan, Eugene Harmon, William Swanton,
Jeremiah Maru.ney, William J. Ruddiek,
Thomas R. Bannerman, Frank McGlvnn, P, j.
Sullivan, Carl Kisenschimel, Jeremiah Deasy,
Philip Lawler, Frel Palmer, George A. Kin-,
George E. Gallagher, A. 11. Loughborouch,
Sonator Thomas Wig^y, Jerome Deasy, J. F.
Renault, John J. Barrett and Dr. John J.
Gallagher.
It was decided to hold during the month
of October the festival in aid of the home
less boys, and numerous plans were
adopted for the carrying out of the event.
One of the interesting incidents of the
meeting was the reception of an auto
graph letter of the late Charles Stewart
Pnrnell, and also a letter from William E.
Gladstone. Thes-* letters will be disposed
of daring the festival for the benefit of the
wards of the Youths' Directory.
The chairman appointed the following
uentlemen as collectors: On banks — James
R. Kelly and P. J. White; wholesale
houses — Eugene McCov, J. Gallagher and
W. Buckler ; public 1 ffices— Capl- J. Deasy,
William J. Ruddiek and J. B. Mclntyre;
contractors and builders — Jeremiah Ma
honey, Martin Fennell, J. Butler; whoJe
siiio wine merchants — Captain P. J. Dutmo,
John Mulhern, Jeremiah Deasv; bard
ware-housea—J. W. Smith, J. W. Ba;c
man; real estate— B. P. Oliver, F. P. Kior
dan.
. The chairman also appointed the follow
ing committee on press: Thomas R. Ban
nerman, David j. Costcllo, George E. Gal
lagher.
Endeavor Convention Fund.
The following subscriptions to the fund for
the Christian Endeavor Conventiou were re
ceived by the committee yesterday: Pacific
Trinsfer Company, Robert Hickson,
■100; Henry K. Beloen, $100: Charles A.
l.uion, .f HH); Fireman's Fund Insurance Com-
I>an.\. irlui); 8. Solomon, .^iO; Wittinan A I'ar
l*Ot,f2o; Hovey <fc Cunningham, $ 10. With
the $18,487 previously reported yesterday's
subscriptions bring the total amount up 10 the
sum of $19,107. '
NEW TO-DAY.
Where Men
Are Weak
In the small of the back, the general nerve,
muscular and sexual center — the point at
which the nerves, which feed nearly all the
I vital functions of the body, begin— this is '
I where nearly all men and women are weak. A
pain here may mean, and generally does, the
exhaustion of nerve strength iv the vital or-
gans. It is the nerves crying for aid, and no
pain at this point should be passed as Imma-
terial. It will come again, and with greater
severity, and if the message given by the nerves
is not attended to it result in general
nervous prostration, impotency or,,,BrighV«
disease of the kidneys. - • . ■ ■- -•■_' ■
DR. %mm ELECTTIC BELT.
Whatever, the cause of these pains in the
back they are nerve pains. They mean that
the nerves are suffering, and a remedy which
will cure the nerves will remove the cause of
the pain. As electricity Is the life of the nerves
it is the only remedy that will cure them. This
explains the wonderful and exclusive success
of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its full strength,
and it gives a volume of electricity into the
body, which saturates the system in three
hours, is directed to the small of the back,
where it enters the nerve centers and feeds
them.
Vkiah. Cal.. Jane 29, 383&
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: Your belt. is just
what you recommend it to be: in fact. I am at a
loss to know why you do not place more of an esti-
mation on its worth and true merits, fur you may
rest assured it will bear It. • 1 have been an invalid
for twenty years, nnd have suffered all the agonies
of excruciating pains iiuaginab.i-. not withcut them
one hour in the day. Now lam free from them.
The fearful pain In my Dick that- 1 suffered from
so many rears and which caused me so many
sleepless nights has all disappeared, and my .sleep
is sound and undisturbed. I can recommend your
belt to all sufferers from pains in the back fro
the effects of kidney trouble, and lumbago, as I
have passed through the ordeal and know v.'hat it
will do. I have worn the belt and have experi-
enced a change to my satisfaction. Your- respect-
fully, ; ■■--,..= .>• K. D. BROWN,
TJklah, Mendocino County, Cal.
A CERTAIN CURE.
Giving this vital energy into the body it car-
ries life and vigor to every part of the struc-
ture. It adds new vital and sexual energy to
the body every time it Is applied. It will re-
store the manly power, check unnatural drains,
remove the Cause of nil pains and cause a per-
manent cure in ail cases In from 30 to 90 days
It is worn while the patient rests. ■
Men or women who are weak or ailing will
profit by reading Dr. Sanden's latest book It
will be sent, closely sealed, free on application.
It gives full information and price list. Ad-
dress or call
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
830 Market Street, San Francisco
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; a .4. ■m, to
8:30 p. v.-. Sundays, 10 to 1. °
Open July 4 from 8 till 10 a. v.
, Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I -. PORTLAND OR.
204 South Broadway. 1 253 Waahfngto'q slr^t.
HOTEL If FIRE,
_ _ FIRE-PROOF. ... '
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths.
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
; 10 minutes frcm bwir. ■ and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Control Park end the Hudson Elver*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
_ W3MCW America. , ■ ...
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. *• L " to C6th et., or Broadway cable -
car* to hotel. Boulevard cars paseicg Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European ;
plan. $1 up. American plan, $3 up- Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New York. W. JOHNSON tJULSN, Mgr. .
W'M. NOBL&, Propr.
Wright's Mai Veptabla Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons wh»
have used them for over forty years to cure •
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Uver, Weak Btomach. Pimple* and
purity the blood. . ■ . '
Grossman's ujluulllb MIAMI
lth this remedy persons can cure themselvej
without tue least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. Tht» medicina
contains nothing that is of the least injury to th*
constitution. Ask your Urugsist tor It * i*ric* *1 *BIRTHDAY PARTY
OF THE NATION.
To-Day San Francisco a
Bud of Red, White
and Blue.
WILL BLOOM TO-MORROW
The Streets Aflutter With Tri-
Colored Streamers and
Pennons.
A PAEADE TWO MILES LONG.
Will Be the Finest Demonstration of
the Kind Ever Seen en the
Coast.
San Francisco to-day like a great bud of
red, white and blue will to-morrow unfold
and open into a flower of dazzling patri
otic beauty. All day its streets will be a
flutter with thousand upon thousand of
colored flags, and its stores will loom up
gayly festooned with tri-colored buntings
and streamers. At night the main
thoroughfares will burst into luminant
fairy paths — giowing with Chinese lan
terns, glittering with electrical effects and
lights of every description.
The merchants along M«x*et and
Kearny streets have mot the Fourth of
July Committee half-way and lnst night
bunting was being hung in liberal fashion.
Among the firms who have decorated
the mosreiaborafely are Kohibere, Strauss
& Froliman. Their Market-street store is
draped with large flags and hung with
lanterns.
The Emporium has scattered flags over
the entire front of the Parrott building.
Old glory waves on top, wniie along the
facade are arrang ed the flags of the mer
chant marine signal code.
J. J. O Brien «fe Co. will decorate very
eUkborat cly. The entire front of their
store is to be festooned with flags, and
large pictures of Lincoln, Washington,
Sherman and Sheridan will be placed at
in tervals.
Hale Bros, have, besides their outside
decoration, a charming window arrange
ment of red, white and blue ribbons, serv
ing as a background ior a figure represent
ing the Goddess of Liberty.
Raphael's have placed in their window
the snmmnm bo num of patriotic decora
tion in a life-sized figure of the Goddess of
Liberty standing in front of Old Glory,
"Old Glory, with its new star, Utah." At
night me folds of this immense flag is
dazzling with the three colors.
Brown Brothers on Sansome street
have heavily draped the front of their
store with flags, and Goldberg, Bowen <fc
Co. have arranged the "spangled banner"
artistically and with pretty effect.
The Hub has taken the cue from its sug
gestive name and in its windows "Old
Glory" is arranged wheelwise.
Other firms that have decorated patri
otically are the Columbian Woolen-mills,
Roos flros., M. Freud <fc Son, Will, Finck i
& Co., Davis Bros., Ratbjen Bros., Levin j
Bros, and Kaat & Co.
Last but not least comes the business
office of The Call. Across the front of
the office will be placed the large painting,
"The Declaration of Indepehderce.
Around this will be arranged buntings
and streamers, and extending across Mar
ket street from the building will be strung
a line of lanterns bearing in aggregate the
legend, "The Morning Call."
The parade wiil probably be the finest
patriotic demonstration of its kind ever
seen on the Pacinc Coast.
At 10 o'clock to-morrow morning the
pageant, nearly two miles long, will start
irom the foot of Market ft reel.
The following are the line of march, the
divisions of march and the different pro
grammes for the day :
Headquarters Grand Marshal, t
ForßTii op July Celebration, July 1, 1896. 1
In the celebration of the one hundred and
twentieth anniversary of American independ
ence, it is Incumbent on the grand marshal to
give the following information for the benefit
of those who will participate in the parade, as
well as for the public in general :
Aids to tbe grand marshal will report to the
chief of staff at 9 a. m., mounted, at the junc
tion of Market and Main streets.
The literary exercises will take place at tho
Auditorium, corner of Eddy and Jones streets,
at 2 o'clock p. M. sharp.
The display of fireworks will be given at 8
r. m. on Haight street, directly eaat of the
■Chutes," near Golden Gate Park.
The various divisions constituting the pa
rade must be in the positions hereinafter as
signed at 9:30 a. m. Eharp. In order that no
unusual or unnecessary delayg may occur
dilatory division* will fall is behind the rear
division.
The various organizations constituting tbe |
divisions will report to the marshal in cnarge
of their respective divisions not later than
9:15 a.m.
Marshals of divisions will report promptly
to tbe chief of staff, through an aid, when
their divisions are formed and ready to ad
vance.
The signal for advance will be given at 10
a. m. sharp. Xo marshal will cause his di
vision to advance until he receives orders to
do so irom the grand marshal, through a chief
aid.
The headquarters of the grand marshal dur
ing the formation of divisions wM be at the
junction of Market and Main streets.
i.!XE OF MARCH.
From the pince of formation, at the junction
oi Market and Mai a streets, proceeding up
Market to the intersection of Marketand Mont
gomery; thence alone Montgomery to Bush;
thence along Bush to Kearny; thence along
Kearny to Market; thence along Market to
Van Ness avenue; thence along Van New ave
nue to Post stieet. Countermarching on Van
Ness avenue, the parade will be reviewed by
the grand marshal at the west Intersection of
Golden (iete and Van Xess avenues.
FORMATION OF THE PARADE.
Advance— At the junction of Market and
Main streets. »
First division will form on Main street, right
renting on Market. '■■'■ ■••> .
Second division trill form on Drunim street,
right resting on Market.
Third division will form on Beale street,
north of Howard, right ruling on Market
street. • - - •
Fourth division will form on Davis street,
right resting oil Market street.
Fifth division will form on Fremont street,
north of Howard, right resting on Market
street.
Sixth division will form on Front street,
right resting on Market street.
Seventh division will form on First street,
right resting on Market street.
Eighth division will form on Battery street,
right resting on Bush street.
Ninth division will form on Second street,
rißht resting on Market street.
Tenth division will form on Sansome street,
right resting on Sntter street. •
Henry P donor, Grand Marshal. >
Charles H. Murphy, Major and Chief of Staff.
The details of the formation are as fol
lows :
. REGALIA.
Grand marshal— gold sash, gold trim
mings, white plume.
Chief of staff— Badge, red, white and blue;
major's nil dress uniform.
Chief aids— Red, white and blue sash.
Aids to grand marshal— Red sash.
Marshals of divisions— Redeash.
Aids to division marshals— Blue sash, silver
trim. .
Chaplain— White and gold sanh
re^Vr-B^L €oaimittMi ' orator - *«' and
ORDER OF MARCH. - ' '-■-:'.
Platoon of San Francisco police— Chief of Po
lice P. Crowley commanding; Company A,
Captain George W. Wittman ; Company B,
Captain John Spillane.
Goldst) <iatc band.
Grand mmrslial— Old gold Bash, gold trim
miiics. white plume, Henry P. Umbsen.
Chief of staff— Badge, red. white and blue,
major's fulldress uniform, Major Cnarles H.
Murphy.
Chief aids to grand marshal— Red. white and
blue saßh, black plume, First Lieutenant J. I>.
Mile?, U.S. A.; Second Lieutenant John W.
Joyes.U. S. A. ; Colonel James F. Smith, P. A
Bergerot, W. W. Shannon, E. J. Voßel, Will I).
Shea. J. P, Kraser, Nicholas H. Lang, Colonel
\V. R. Parnell.
Chairman parade committee— Red and white
sash, Captain John Tuttle.
Aids to grand marshal, blue sash, black
plume— Charles R. Nathan. Charles F. Kapp,
Oscar V. Gerzabek, David Buck, Harry W. Ad
ams. W. M. Abbott, A. K. Daeeett. G. Holland,
H. G. Vaughn, Oorg* Newman, Dr. J. Albert
Noble, Thomas K. Kase, William Mclntire.
John Mclntire, G. W. Burr, Dauson Mayer,
Captain D. McDevitt, Frank W. Titus, Ceorpe
Hufschmidt, Henry B. Kibbe, Walter H.
Vtood, A. Everrting, Patrick Lynch, C, F.
Humphries, Fred Butteriield. Charles M.
Briuk. Fred Blumberjt, N. E. Nary. Fri'd Vet
ter, George H. Friermuth, Master Earl Wilson,
J. C. Onlandt, Conrad Hiidebrandt, A. I.
Rhodes, Charles Myall, Captain Silk, W. B.
Monteverde Jr., A. E". Noble, I). Coyne, Louis
Goidstone, C. J. Hatchings, W. Linden, A. E.
McDevitt, John C. Slater, Gustave Gunzen
dorSer, A. J. Donovan, James H. Riley, Cap
tain P. Sullivan.
United States Troops.
First Iniantry Hand. L. S. A.
First Infantry Regiment.
Battalion— Ceptnin John J. O' Connell com
manding. Company C, Lieutenant Krank O.
Ferris; Company D, raptain M. P. Maun; Com
pany B. Lieutenant S. A. Cloman; Company F,
Captain C O. Star.
FIRST DIVISION.
Will form on Main street, with right resting
on Market.
Briifadier-Oneral R, H. Warfield command
ing : Staff— Lieutenant-Colonels J. C. Giestiog
and C. F. Hanson; Majors Charles JiuiM-n.
Charles 11. Murphy, 11. B. Hosmer. W. A. lial
sted, C. J. Evans, J. 11. Mangels and D. s.
Dorn; Cautains S. L. Naphtaly and H. A.
Weuener: Serg;eant3-M«jorE.de Spaar and E.
B, Crosby: Signal Corps, Second Brigade, N. <i.
C, Captain C. C. Boardman, commanding.
First Infantry N*. G. C. Band.
First Infantry Regiment, K. G. C—Lieuten
ant-Colonel Victor D. Duboce commanding.
Marl— Major W. D. McCarthy; Captains Alfred
J. Kclleher and P. J. H. Farrell; First Lieuten
ants Louis Burrere, Emil A. Kehrlein and Bert
R. Hecht.
First Battalion— Major Charles Boxton com
manding. Company D. Captain Robert A.
Marshall; Company A. Captain John F.Con
nelly; Company E. Captain Edward Fitzpat
rick; Company I, Captain R. Richter.
Second Battalion— Major Hugh T. Sime com
mnndiag. Company M, Captain Tnornes F.
O'Neil; Company L, Captain John F. Eggert;
Company B, Captain George Filmer; Company
11, Captain Krank W. Warren.
Third Battalion— Major Charles U Tilden
commanding. Company X, Captain Thomas
J. Cunningham; Company C, Captain J. W.
Dumbrell; Company "F, Captain John A.
Miller; Company Q, Captain Edgar C. Sntliffe;
Cadets, Captain J. R. Moulthrop.
Fifth Infantry, N. (J. C. Fifth Infantry btn.l.
Second Battalion, Major John F.Hayes com
manding. Staff— Major J. P. Dunn, Captains
D. A. Smith and T. A. Rottanzi, First Lieuten
ants A. A. Borlini, J. H. Heudy, E. S. Heller,
C. C. Derby. Company A, Captain Charles T.
Poulter; Coim>any F, Captain George H.Weth
ern; Company G, Captain W. F. Chipmaii.
Naval Battalion, a. G. C. Lieutenant-Com
mander L. H. Turner commanding. Staff —
Lieutenants W. E. Eliioti, J. T. Sullivan, C. C.
Dennis, F. W. Harris, A. E. Morgan. First
Division, Lieutenant ('. A. Douglass; Second
Division, Lieutenant W. E. Guun. Cavalry, N.
G. C— Troop A, Lieutenant Charles A. JeaUs.
SECOKD DIVISION".
Will form on Drumm otreet, right resting on
Market, in the following oraer:
Marshal. Harvey Burdcli ; chief aid, Leon
Jones; aids, s. M. Carr tind A. J. Viuing.
Second Artillery Band.
First— Veteran Guard of California, Captain
J. B. Lauck. commanding. Second — Members
of G. A. R. : (a) Lincoln Post No. 1, Hurry W.
Mortimer commander; (6) George h. Thomas
Post No. 2. A. J. Vining Commander: {c) James
A. Garfield Post No. 34, R. R. Kilgore com
mander; (cf) Colonel Cass Post No. 46, John
O'Neil commander; (c) General George C.
Meade Post No. 48, J. F. Goggln commander;
(/) Liberty Post No. 133, W. J. Park com
mander. Third— Veterans of the Mexican
War. Fourth — Sons ot American Revolution.
Fifth— Grand Army floats: (a) Seven Pines
Circle; (6) Gettysburg Circle; (c) Gettysburg
Circle.
THIRD DIVISION.
Will form on Beale street, north of Howard,
right resting on Market.
Marshal, A. B. Maguire; chief aid, Thomas
H. Fallon; aids— D. I. Malonev, Thomas R.
Curtis, Charles B. Fenn, John H. Sheeuan.
Park Band.
First Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets-
Colonel W. C. Mahoney commanding; lieu
'< tenant-colonel, M. P. O'Shea; staff— Captain
and adjutant Daniel C. Deasy and A. F. Mul.i
gan; lieutenants, James Devlin and H. F. Sul
livan.
First Battalion— Major Daniel J. McGloin
commanding; lieutenant, Edward W. Fay.
Company A, Captain Frank tf. Drady; Com
pany M, Captain T. Dinan; Company G, Cap
tain E. J. Powers; Company D, Capta"ln Jamts
Mcßride, Company M, Lieutenant Peter Casey;
Comoany I, Captain P. Haggerty.
Second Battalion— Major .lames Brouchoud
commanding; lieutenant, Edward J. Deasy.
Company C, Captain Edward Fitzgerald; com
pany E, Captain Daniel J. McCarthy; Company
i 11, Captain James Power; Company B, Captain
J. T. Curley, Company L, Captain W. C. C'ark.
! Swiss Rifle Club, Captain Julius Lecman.
FOURTH DIVISIOX.
Will form on Davis street, right resting on
Market in the following order:
Marshal. M. Ferich; aids, Nicholas Mortizia,
Captain S. Kaicevich, Licuienitnt do la
Torre Jr.; Ramsey's Excelsior Band, Deutscher
Krieger Verein, Captain Robert Wienecke
commanding; Independent Kitten. Captain
Schneider commanding; San Francisco Turn
Verein, Captain F. Attinger commanding:
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Captain John
Bohls commanding; Eintracht Rifle Section,
Captain J. A. Kuhls commanding; Italian
Sharpshooters, Austrian Military Band, Aus
trian Military Company, Swiss Sharpshooters.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Will form on Fremont street, north of How
ard, rigiit resting on Market, in the following
order:
Marsha 1. Colonel H. J. Burns.
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's band.
First— Board of Supervisors in carriages;
Veteran Volunteer Fire Association. Sec
ond — San Francisco Fire Department equip
age. Third — Carriages; first carriage contain
ing President of the Day S. L. Lent and •hair
man of the Executive Committee C. J. Kinjr;
second carriage containing Mayor Adolph
Butro; third carriage containing Orator of the
Day Zenas U. Dodge, Reader of the Declara
tion of Independence John W. Robinson, and
Chaplain tiie Rev. Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger.
Carriages containing committee.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Will form on Front street, right resting on
Market, in the following order:
Marshal, Robert R. Russ: chief aid. Captain
John T.Scott; aids— Lieutenant W. G. Wim
mer, R. T. Morris. G. W. Cavanagh, P. Cronin,
K. Pengeily, J. J. Jamison, F. W. Wisker.
Matthew's band.
Float drawn by four white horses, drawing
the Goddess of Liberty— Miss Jennie L. Hed
berg, representing '-Columbia Rules the
World," and Miss Rene Henderson represent
iug George Washington at the age when he cut
the cherry tree, 2. Native Sons of the Golden
West. 3. Float drawn by four black horses,
representing the Union of States, with Mis*
Virginia Blennerhassett as California. 4. Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West in car
riages.
Klirmann & Hauser's bnnd.
Float of Union Iron Works— The model of
battleship Oregon, with marines. Employes of
the Union Iron Works.
BKVEXTH DIVISION.
Will form on First street, right resting on
Market.
Marshal, Mark Lane: chief aid. L. M. Mc-
Cord; aids, Robert Greer, Z. T. Whitten,
Charles Klein.
RKzau's Band.
Junior Order United American Mechanics-
Lincoln Council Xo. 1 , General George Custer
Council No. 2, Starr King Council No. 6. U. S.
Grant Council Xo. 19, J. A. Garfiela Council,
Alexander Hamilton Council No. 33.
EIGHTH DIVISION.
Will form on Battery street, right resting on
Market, in the following order:
Marshal, A. A. Sarraent; chief aid. B. Rad
die; aids, C. Monti, M. Tovaruz, X. Mortizia.
Swiss Military Band.
Council Florida Union No. 7, Council Amorda
da Patria No. 5, float representing Vasca da
Gama's voyage to India.
Asalii Band.
Japanese Society, S. Yamato commanding.
NINTH DIVISION.
Will form on Second street, right resting on
Marker, in the following order:
Marshal, James H. Humphries; chief aid,
Charles Bliss; aids, James Curlett, Dr. C. L.
Schnrft.
Ebert's Band.
Foreign Consuls in carriages; flout, "Protect
in? the Flag," drawn by two dogs, in charge of
Master Albert Clark; floats prepnred by the
children of the following schools — James Lick
School, "Marriage oi Poi-ahontas" ; South Cos
mopolitan Bcnool, "Hospital Service"; City,
State and otner officials in carriages; citizeus
in carriages.
The display of fireworks will t>e at the
grounds directly east of the "Chutes." on
Haight street, near Golden Gate Park,
commencing at 8:30 p. m.
Tne display will be a continuous one
until completed; and, as the following de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
tailed description indicates, will be of the
most varied form and character.
The programme of fireworks will be as
follows:
1. Aerial salute, twenty-six shells.
2. Illumination of grounds.
3. Fine display of prismatic colors.
4. Cross-fire of Elgin batteries.
. 5. A flight of prismatic whirlwinds, twenty
four in number.
6. Display of 12-inch shells, bursting at a
great altitude, displaying a rainbow of Na
tional colors.
7. Cross-fire of whistle fountains, antique
and amusing.
■8. Union battery, displaying National
colors 200 feet long.
9. Flight of fancy exhibition rockets.
10. Salvo shells, forming a tree of liberty.
11. Display of willow tree rockets.
12. Device, "LiDerty Ball."
13. Flight of nine-inch snells, making a
bouquet of great beauty.
14. A set of peacock-plume rockets leaving
behind them a veil oi 'gorgeous feathery
plumes. ' • .
15. Flight of a hundred revolving rockets re
sembling a mommnth wheel of fire.
16. Display ot 12-inch light bombshells, re
leasing showers of gold, emerald and blue.
17. Blue and gold cross- tire battery.
18. A set of cornucopia rockets, releasing
three distinct colors of red, white and blue.
19. Device, "American Eagle," surmounted
on the emblems of war and peace.'
20. Display of 24-inch shells releasing emer
ald, ruby and National streamers.
21. Flight of Bh*Qting-stcr rockets at a high
altitude, leaving a trail of brilliant colors.
22. Electric cross-fire batteries in fourteen
sections, emitting electric showers and golden
fountain spray.
23. A set of darting 'shells, releasing darts of
every known hue.
24. Display of fancy exhibition rockets.
25. Musical batteries, imitation of a Chinese
band.
2(5. Flying pigeons of fire.
27. Display of rainbow shells, forming a
rainbow of brilliant hues.
28. Aerial bouquet. This represents a bou
quet of brilliant fire.
29. Wheel battery with a display of wheels
revolving in counter directions.
30. Display of jeweled streamer rockets.
31. Device. "Raising Old Glory."
,32. Aerial bombardment.
33. Display of diamond chain rockets, re
leasing endless banging chains of National
colors.
34. Flight of six-pound parachute rackets.
85. Display of rose shells, lighting the
heavens with roses of every hue.
36. The device, "George Washington," with
a wreath of suns.
37. Flight of 100 revolving rockets.
- 38. Ascent of prismatic dragon rockets, re
leasing fiery-tailed dragons.
39. Display of electric shower rockets.
40. Display of willow-tree shells, forming an
immense willow tree.
41. Ascent of prismatic whirlwinds, twenty
four in number.
42. Flight of prismatic dragon phells.
43. Device motto, "Good Night."
The literary exercises will be as follows:
Overture, medley of National airs, or
chestra.
Prayer, by Rev. Jacob Voorsanger.
"Star - spangied Banner" (Francis Scott
Keyes); soloists and chorus under the direc
tion oi John W. McKenzie Jr.
Beloiata— lfn w. a. Margo, Mrs. James Igo, i
Mr.». <i. Muhlner. Mrs. L. Lampe, Mrs. H.
Grlnelle, Mrs. A. Poul^on, Mrs. A. Hut, M r<. J. I
Pettee, Mrs. A. Sorensnn. Mrs. L. BwlM, Miss
V. Greenlaw, Mia* B. Connell, Miss j. Larsen,
Miss V. Rapnin, Miss M. V. Bredull, Miss R.
Pelton, Miss K. Kelly, Miss H. Frazier, Miss M.
Leipsic, Mlks T. Rnsenbohm.
Address by (he president of the day, Samuel
L. Lent.
Heading Declaration of Independence, John
R. Robinson.
Poem composed for thiß occasion by l/ouls A.
Robertson, read by Professor E. Knowlton.
Grand chorus, "Tne Flfig ot Liberty," sung
by n chorus of 200 voices, arranged by J. >\ .
McKenzie Jr. from the celebrated '-Father Vic
tory" march. and dedicated to the Native Sons.
Oration by the orator ot' the day, Zenas U.
Dodpe.
Patriotic tableau— Vision of George Washing
ton, the founder of the republic, surrounded
by his staff; the American nag with iisforty
nve stars.
The committees in charge are as follows:
Samuel L. Lent, president; Adian K. Smith,
secretary: Charles J.^King. chairman execu
tive committee; Henry P. Umbsen, graud
marshal.
Executive committee — Charles J. King
(chairman), A.S. Hallidie. Colonel A. D. Cutler,
Samuel C. Hammond, John Gillson, P. A.
Bcrgerot, Captain F. J. Kearney, Edwin L.
Forster, C. L. P. Marais, \» . H. Davis. Arthur
G. Towne, W. Q. Doane, Dr. George L. Fitch,
Captain John Tuttlo, Major J. A. Whiteside, H.
C. Schaertzer, L J. Truman. George T. Gaden,
David Rich, Captain I). A. Mucdonald, Captain
J. A. Marao. George W. Elder, Edward Hol
land. W. W. Shaonon, Robert Ash.
Finance conimittpe— l. J. Trumun (chair
man), Colonel C. F. Crocker, C. U. Clinch, H.
L. Davis, C. E. Benjamin, Percy Beamish, I.
Gutte, Major W. B. Hooper, A. T. Hatch, S. C.
Hammond, J. K. C. Hobbs, Colonel A. S. Hub
bard, S. L. Lvnt, Frank Lester, Rudolph Mohr,
Stewart Menzies, C. O'Connor, Hon. E B
Pond, C. B. Perkins, James D. Phelan. Fred
Kanbe. Mark Sheldon, Louis Sioss, D. J. Staples,
John D. SpreckeU, John Sroufe, A.W.Scott,
Oscar Tolle. H. L. Tichner, Colonel C L. Tay
lor, H. M. Wreden, Frank D. Worth, Richard I.
Whelan, Captain D. A. Macdonald, Jetl'erionG.
James. EL K. Willis, W. H. Little.
Literary committee— A. S. Halidie (chair
roan), Arthur Rodgfers, Edward Bonneli, P. A.
Bergerot. William F. Gibson, H. L. Davis, r.
L. P. Marais, William Greer Harrison, Joseph
Brittan.
Committee on decorations— W. H. Davis
(chairman). Charles W. Bliss, Hon. L. R. Ellert,
General Theodore Reichert, W. F. C. Hasson,
William M. Weil, C. B. Perkins, R. S.Chanman,
Mrs Jobn Knell, Mrs. X. J. Vidavcr, Mrs. Xcl
lie Holbrook Blinn, Mrs. Hester A. Harland,
Mrs;. If. S. Kohlbergi Mrs. 11. A. Arvidtoti, Mr*.
L. c. Kruti'-r, Mrs. Goorge 11. Buckingham, .Mrs.
J. Murray Bailey, Mrs. R. L. Andrew.^, Mrs.
Lizzit- Noble, Mrs. R. S. Chapman.
IVrade committee— Captai a John TuttH
(Chairman), Major J. A. Whiteside.Edward Hol
land, Captain F. Hanson, J. H.Garrett, Luke
Battles, Colonel Thomas F.Barry, Captain F.
J. Kearaey.
ilusic committee— H. C. Schaertzer (chair
man), Dr. Frank H. Titus, A. M. Speck, E. J. En
sign. Captain J. A. Margo.
Printing committee— George T. Gadcn (chair
man). Arthur G. Towne, Peter Fay, George T.
Phelps. Ocar Hermann.
Regaiia committee— P. A. Bergcrot (chair
man). Oscar Hermann, Frank D. Worth.
Auditing committee— John ulllson (chair
man), H. L. Tlckner, Mark Lane, Harvey Bur
dell, Z. T. Whitten.
Fireworks committee — Robert Ash (chair
man), R. B. Moore. Frank Shea, Edwin L.
Forstcr, William M. Weii.
Transportation committee — Robert Ash
(chairmun). Captain D. A. Macdonald, Captain
F. J. Kearuov.
Hacks and carriages Committee— W. <;.
Doane (chairman), M. J. Ward, Captain F.
Hanson.
invitation and leception committee— Edwin
L. Forster (chairman), William L. Latham, Dr.
J. Albert Noble, Huso Asher, William Dalzelie,
H. O. Steams, Paul McDonald, I. C. J. Truman,
Mrs. Green. Mrs. S. L. Lent, Mrs. Alice Ben
nett, Mrs. Marinner-Campball, Mrs. X. J. Vida
ver, Mrs. M. Sanderson, Mrs. J. Murray Bailey,
Mrs. Clara I. Long, Mrs. R. L. Andrews, Mrs.
Nellie Hoibrook Blinn, Mrs. Hester A. Har
land, Mrt<. Lizzie Noble, Mrs. John Kelso, Mrs.
(i. W. Perkins, Mrs. A. Schneid, Mrs. John
Knell, Miss Eliza D. Keith, Miss Maud Jamis
son, Miss A. Mo.-liht, Miss Mary Richter.
The merchants are responding liberally
in the way of cookies, candies and eatables
to be enjoyed by the 800 orphan cbildien.
The work of putting up the decorations
was retarded somewhat by the high wind,
.but a fairly Rood showing Was made by
last night.
The decoration committee have ap
pointed August j. J. Fusenot and Dextor
Osborn to serve on a committee of three,
the third to be chosen later, which will
determine the prizes for the bent decorated
stores.
The literary committee has decided on
the poetical production of Louis A. Robert
son as the prize poem. This is entitled
"A Hymn to Freedom."
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee last night Chaitman Hailidie reported
that Rabbi Voorsanger had been selected
to ask the prayer and invoke the bene
diction.
President of the Day Lent said he had
wired Rear-Admiral Beardslee to get his
permission to allow the marines of the
Charleston to march in the parade and
that Grand Marshal Umbsen will go to
the ship to day to invite the crew.
A request was granted to the California
Wire Works to have an immense cable
coil drawn by fifty horses at the rear of
the procession decorated with bunting and
bearing the legend, "Home Industry."
The coil will await the procession at the
corner of Market and New Montgomery
street?.
A committee to take charge of Fourth of
July details until the Fourth was ap
pointed consisting of the president of the
day. tbe chairman of the executive com
mittee, the chairmen of the finance and
auditing committees ana the secretary.
A communication was received from
General that 160 sailois aud
marines of tbe Naval Battalion would not
take part in tbe parade, thus reverting $60
into the general fund.
All live articles in Barry's Star. •
THE PROHIBITION
COUNTY CONVENTION
Platform Adopted by the
Regular Organization of
the Party.
IT LETS MONEY ALONE.
The Ticket Will Be Nominated
by the New County Com
* mitteee.
SINGLE TAX DIFFERENCES.
Convention Fearful That a Financial
Plank Might Overshadow Pro
hibition.
Tho Prohibition party of San Francisco, in
convention assembled, mindful of our respon
sibility to God and our duty to our feilowmen,
declare as follows:
1. We stand for the total destruction of the
liquor truffle.
'J. We declare that women are entitled to
• utlrage equally with men.
3. We favor the observance of one day in
seven as a day of rest.
4. We favor a reduction of the salaries of
public official*, the working force of official!
and the fee system.
5. We demand the rigid enforcement of laws
restricting the liquor traffic.
6. We favor a constitutional amendment giv
ing any political division in this State the
right to decide for itself under what system of
taxntion to collect the expenses of'govern
ment.
And the following subsidiary resolu
tions:
We favor the new city charter to be voted
on at the next election.
We favor the establishment and main
tenance of tree public baths lor the people of
San Francisco.
The above is the platform adopted last
niL-ht by the Prohibition party of San
Francisco in its regular County Convtn
\ lion held last night in a hall at 997 Market
I street. Sixteen men and two ladies were
I present, but that put not even the slightest
{ kind of a i.amper on theentnusiasm of the
convention.
After some debate the Prohibition party
decided to con.c out this yeur, as usual,
and show its colors in the autumn breeze.
Thougu its numbers at the convention
were not as larire as were expected a spec
tator would conclude, from tne vi or ot
the proceedings and the lire of the
speeches, that the party is more energetic
Hi an ever.
Samuel Fear, chairman of the County
■ Commit ie;\ was also elected chairman of
; the convention and Secretary F. Head its
secretary. Among the other prominent
i Prohibition leaders present were Joseph
j Rowell, N. Morcom, W. N. Jleserve, L.
I Hansen, C. B. Williums, John M. Jlartin,
Mis. C. B. Williams and Mrs. Ruse il.
; French.
The most spirited debate in the conven
tion was ou tne question of tbe adoption
of a financial plank. Two planks on the
qne*rion proposed for tne platform were
cum, t oil. One was to the effect that the
party favors the use of both gold and
silver as tho basis of currency, ana the
other was that the party is in fevor of the
money of the constitution — to the end that
it favored the free and unlimited coinage
of silver and gold at tbe ratio of lti to 1
without the consent of any other nation.
Tbe reason that these financial planks
were voted down was that the majority
thought that the money question might
overshadow the principal issue—prohibi
tion.
Plank six of the platform caused consid
erable discussion and disagreement, but it
was finally udo»:eci by a majority of one
vote. Mrs. C. B. Williams so .ttrougly op
posed the singie-tax idea in relation to
this plank that she declined to serve ou
the county Committee.
The following were appointed as mem
bers of the new County Committee: C. B.
Williams, T. S. Harrison, Mr. Vance, L.
Hansen, Mrs. French, J. Rowell, E. B.
Stewart, >'. Morcoin, F. N. Pater, S. Fear,
L. K. McClellan, F. Heal, Mrs. E. J.
Spencer, John M. Martin and Mr. Helli
weil.
A» the hour by this time was late it was
voted to leave the nomination of the
ticket to the new County Committee. It
will meet in a few days and make up the
ticket.
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL.
The Eoard of Trade Is the Latest
Organization to Help
It Along.
General Warfield Has Received a Let
ter From President A. A.
Watkins.
A. A. Watkins, president of the Board
of Traae, has written a letter to General
Warticid, president of the executive com
mittee of the Carnival of the Golden Gate,
accepting his invitation to meet with
other representative bodies at the Cham
ber of Commerce on Thursday afternoon,
July 2. Watkins speaks in the highest
terms of the benefits to be derived by the
City from the coming carnival, and prom
ises the hearty co-operation and assist
ance of the merchants in that association.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, has accepted the invitation
to preside at the meeting. He is another
of tbe enthusiasts who are coming to the
aid of the executive committee in bring
ing tbe matter of the carnival before the
public.
Secretary Backus and assistants are
busily engaged in sending out invitations
to all the prominent representatives of all
the trades and business interests in Ban
Francisco, notifying them to be present
and make the meeting a grand success.
The other members of the committee are
also untiring in bringing the matter be
fore the public, by personal solicitation
and otherwise. There is a feeling per
vading tbe members of the executive com
mittee that with the two coming celebra
tions out of tne way carnival matters will
go ahead as they have never gone before.
A number of designs for competition for
the prize of $25 offered by the committee,
to be adopted as tbe insignia of the oar
nival, have been received at. headquarters.
Some very striking conceptions have been
produced, and it will be a difficult matter
for the committee to make their decision.
The time for the closine of the competi
tion is 4 o'clock on Monday. The prize
will be awarded as sooa thereafter as pos
sible.
AN ENDEAVOR PICNIC.
Outing on the Fourth of July at Glen
wood Park.
The Golden Gate Union of Endeavorers,
together with Endeavorers of Alameda
County, unite in an outing on tbe Fourth
of July at Glenwood Park. They ex
tend a cordial invitation to all friends
and those desiring a fine time to pack
their iunch and join them, as ampJe ac
commodations are provided. The excur
sion leaves tfae San Francisco wharf at
9:15 a. M. Saturday, via narrow-gauge.
Tickets ?1 25. The 'excursion returns at
7 p. M.
M'KINLEY SAILOR BOYS.
Moetlng Held Last Kvpntng at Their
New < lull i-oii m <..
The McKinley Sailor Boys held their
regular weekly meeting at their elegant
new clubrooms on Harrison street last
evening. A very large gathering was
present and some excellent speeches were
made by Dr. Z. E. Hino, William P. Tan
nian and the old veteran Republican, John
Kelly, who gave an address on "Protec
tion."
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, John E.
Kennedy; vice-president, John Hauna;
secretary. Joseph R. Smith; financial sec
retary, William T. Dolan; recording sec
retary, Thomas F. Moran; treasurer, Wil
liam F. Harrington; serjeant-at-arms,
William Davis; financial committee —
George B. Hill, Dr. J. E. Hino. Martin
Burke, L. E. Tierney, Peter M.Wall; ex
ecutive committee — Florence F. Farrell,
William R. Thompson, Charles A. Smith,
Joseoh Durham, Robert Ford.
The meeting adjourned with three
hearty cheers for McKinley, Hobart and
protection.
SHE MUST NEED MONEY
Mrs. Mary Yarde - Buller Is
Mortgaging Her Prop
erty.
Mrs. Mary Leiiaii Kirkham Yarde-
Buller, whose name is familiar to com
positors and others in California, is now
in London and surely must be in need of
ready money.
According to the terms of a deed of trust
filed yesterday in the Recorder's olSce of
this City, Mrs. M. L. K. Y.-Builer, with
her solicitor, went before Patrick Collins,
United States Consul-General in London,
on April 23, and conveyed to James
Minor Allen, W. S. Goodfellow and the
Lancashire and Yorkshire Reversionary
Interest Company (iimited) her share of
the estate of her father, Ralph W. Kirk
bam, for the sum of £2500. This is the
second conveyance since she left Oakland
for London.
The deed of trust filed yesterday stipu
lates that she shall pay the 10 per cent in
terest for the money and the interest if
not pa/id i« to be compounded.
Eiiher the rate of interest is vorv hiurh
or doubts are entertained as to the amount
which Mrs. Buller will secure from the es
tate.
Her interests are bound up with those of
other heirs ot tiie estate. She conveys her
interest in property at the southwest cor
ner of Pine and Batiery streets, San Fran
cisco; property at nor.heast corner of Pine
and Sansome; 373 shares of the capital
stock of the Bank of California; land cor
ner of Ninth and Harrison streets; blocks
135, 200 and 201, Oakland ; household ef
fect?, Eighth street, Oakland; library of
testator: ten bonds of the denomination of
$1000 each of the Portland Gas Company;
one share stock Union Savings Bank, Oak
land; seventeen shares stocK Union Na
tional Bank, Oakland ; property on Pine
street, San Francisco, occupied by Miller,
Siosa & Scott.
AFTER HALF A CENTURY,
Commemoration of the Raising of
the First American FJag
in This City.
On 6 half a century will have elapsed on
the 9th of this month since the first Amer
ican flag was raised on this coast. Cap
tain Montgomery of the warsloop Ports
mouth was firtt to fling the siars and
stripes to the winds, and Portsmouth
Square, bounded by Kearny street and
Brenham place, Washington and Clay
streets, was named after tha gunboat.
Pome weeks ago the G. A. R. posts of
this City and the Veterans of the Mexican
War appealed to the exempt Firemen of
this City asking that they assume charge
of proper celebrations to commemorate
the event.
Last evening the Exempts held a pre
liminary meeting, President George T.
Bohen in the chair nnd John J. Guilfoyle
olnciating as secretary. It was recited
how, out of a volunteer force of 1028 fire
men, only rive score were left, and these
should bend ail their efforts to making
the day and night of the 9th inst. some
thing to be handed down with pride into
history.
The Exempts have already heard from
General Graham an expression of His
willingness to send a battery of men to
lend splendor to the occasion. The Naval
Battalion will likewise be on hand, as well
as tbe National Guard.
A letter was written to Admiral Beards
lee at Monterey asking for his assistance
and it is likely that the navy will also
participate in tbe festivities, when, after
fifty years, the old flasi will be floated .rom
the pole In Portsmouth Square.
Committees are to be named to sl cure
speakers for the occasion, and all gpeechesi
will be delivered froir. the balcony of the
Exempt Company engine house facing
Portsmouth Square.
HARES AND HOUNDS.
I ;i«t Dogs That Will Run at Inglesida
Park To-Morrow.
The following dogs will run at Ingleside
Coursing Park to-morrow, and the final
rounds will be ran off on Sunday:
Laurelwood vs. Crap, Flashlight vs. Mo
hawK, Valley Maid vs. Spinaway, Kitty
Ahaha vs. Sam, Governor Jim vs.
Eldridge. True Blue vs. Skyball, Bill Nye
vs. Relianco, Captain Morse vs. Captain Jim,
Sally McLellan vs. Whip Jr., San Victor vs. St.
Laurence, Wayfarer vs. Tom Hayes, Lissak vs.
Gallopinir, Queen B vs. Arapahoe, Sunol vs,
Dublin Stout, Red Rover vs. Magnet, Susie vs.
Electric.
The prizes are $60, $30, $20, $20. John
Grace will judge and his son will do the
slipping.
SIEBE'S ASSESSMENTS.
Be Saya They Will Be Higher This
Year.
The Grand Jury held a meeting last
evening and called for Assessor Siebe.
Mr. Siebe was asked his intentions about
assessments, and he said they would be
higher this year than they were las; year,
particular in the cases of the Market
street Railway Company, tbe gas com
pany and the telephone company.
Chief Deputy Herzer was also present,
but he was not examined.
Katie Keenan's Murder.
The preliminary examination of "Abe" Gor
finkel, barber, charged with being an accessory
to the murder of Katie Keenan, was held be
fore Judge Campbell yesterday. After hearing
the evidence the Judge decided that it was
not sufficient to hold the defendant, and he
was discharged. Mrs. .Mury Balckvreil, who
performed the criminal operation upon the
girl, was held to answer for murder on Tues
day.
Thirty-Fifth Republicans.
The Republican Club of the Thirty-fifth Dis
trict held a largely attended regular meeting
last evening at its headquarters, 3008 Mission
street, at which President William Gill, T. C.
Maher, Frank H. Powers, Andrew Branch,
W. E. Bates, Fred Frey and J. J. Gault de
livered addresses. Regular campaign num
bers and enthusiasm marked the meeting.
A SOCIALIST
UNDER ARREST,
His Offense Was Lecturing
on the Public
Streets.
WAS RELEASED ON BAIL
The Gathering Disturbed the
Secret Meeting of the Odd
Fellows.
PREPARING FOR THE FOURTH
The Local Section and Delegates From
Many Other Bodies Will Be
in the Parade.
The police have again undertaken to in
terfere with tbe socialists' open-air meet
ings on Seventh and Maricet streets. Last
night one of the speakers, William Costley,
was arrested and taken to the Southern
Police station, where he was charged with
obstructing the street. This interference
will be bitterly contested in the courts by
the socialists, and if they do not possess
sufficient money to maintain their rights
of free speech they -will appeal for assist
ance to the association organized for the
preservation of free speech and freedom of
the press.
The trouble came about in this way:
The socialists held ttiree open-air meet
ings last evening for the purpose of arous
ing interest in th^ir movement and in
their parade that will be held to-morrow.
Tbe first gathering was on the Mint steps
and George Aspden, Tueodore Lynch and
"William Costley were the speakers. A
Httie later the same speakers spoke on the
street in front of the Odd Fellows' build
ing. A police officer demanded that the
cro^rd disperse and that Costley, the
chairman, cease in his address.
Upon his refusing io do so he was ar
rested and taken to jail, but was at once
released on bail.
However, the meeting continued and
Lynch and Aspden took up Costley's re
marks. A second policeman demanded
that Aspden cease speaking. The officer
stated that the people in the Odd Fellows'
bnihling were disturbed by the^e meetings
and tiiat the "Salvation Army gatherings
had beca abandoned in consequence at
that point.
The socialists inquired at the Odd Fel
lows' Hall office and found that the officer
was correct so far as the complaint was
concerned. However, they do not con
sider that the Odd Fellows have control
over the public streets to the extent that
they can shut off all open-air meetings in
the vicinity of the building, even if they
have the police to back up their demands.
As stated, the point involved will be con
tested to the bitter end.
Pending a judicial decision the meeting
adjourned and met again on the Mint
steps, where the discourses lasted until
11:30 p. m.
The Socialist Labor Party i 3 completing
its arranirem nts for a very ambitious dis
play on the Fourth.
Their committee met last night and se
lected «ix aids to the chief marshal, H.
Sahiender. They also engaged a fife and
drum corps to head tbe column. Tbe tall
est men in the San Francisco section will
be color-bearers, and many of those repre
sented iv the ranks of tbe socialist so
cieties participating will be ladies.
Delegations vrill also be in line from
Oakland, Los Gatos and San Jose, and
letters have been received from Sacra
mento and Los Angrles Mating that they
would be represented in the line of march
by comrades.
About 800 people were present at the
meeting on Wednesday night of Liberty
Brancb, Socialist Labor party, in the
Turk-street Temple to hear a lecture by
John 11. Reynolds. His subject was "The
Forces That Work for Socialism." The
meeting opened with a reading from the
People, (lie socialist National or^an, by
Theodore Lynch. Reynolds followed in
a very interesting address in which he re
viewed the different moral and economic
forces that are advancing and promoting
the socialist movement throughout tne
world. The speaker quoted from a recent
publication called "Catholic Socialism."
This little diversion from the usual me
lange of socialist lectures ruffled the war
feathers of one of Ingersoll's adherents.who
claimed that the church had deviated
from tne traditions of the gentle Naza
rene. A rejoinder followed to the pro
tests of the skeptic by Rev. J. E. Scott,
who was in the body of the hall. The doc
tor poured oil upon the troubled sea by
reading an article written by a minister
in support of socialism.
Short speeches in favor of the principles
of socialism followed by Mr. Simpson,
Mrs. Squires, Leo Gasser, P. Ross Martin,
George Aspden and Theodore Lynch.
At the close of the meeting quite a num
ber of persons joined the party.
Guardian for the Lung Children*
Frank J. Kane has applied for letters of
guardianship on the estates of Mary, William,
Albert, Delia, Evaline and Florence Lang.
W«rW TO-DAT.
DQCTOR SWEANY
He guarantees a prompt and perfect
(Jure of every case he undertakes. Thou-
sands of genuine testimonials on file in
hia private office. Poor treated free on
Friday afternoons.
NERVOUS DEBILITY, weakness of sex-
ual organs, lost manhood, niffbt emissions, ex-
hausting drains which unfit one for stu'lr,
business or marriage, treated with unfailing
success. Get cured and be a man.
PRIVATE, Urinary and kidney ailments,
sexual diseases of every sort, blood, skin and
constitutional diseases, rupture, piles, varico-
cele and hydrocele quick.y cured without pain
or detention from business.
WRITE at once if living cut of the city.
Thousands cured at home. Book on special
diseases sent free. Office hours— 9 a. M. to 12
m. ; 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. a. Sundays, 10 a. m.
to 12 m. only. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D., SuFranc& r c«U
NEW TO-DAT.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND VALUE
OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
/
......OF
THEHIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society,
; A CORPORATION.
Anil where sail Assets are Situ-
ated, dated June 30, 1896. .
ASSETS.
*
Promissory Notes. and the
debts thereby secured, the
actual value of which is $25,655,156 56
The condition of said Prom-
issory Notes and debts is as
follows: They are all existing
Contracts, owned by said Cor-
poration, and are payable to it
at its Office, which is situated
at the corner of Market, McAl-
lister and Jones streets, in the
City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and
the payment thereof is secured
by* First Mortgages on Real
Estate within this State. Said
Promissory Notes are kept and
held by said Corporation at its
said Office, which is its princi-
pal place of business, and said
Notes and debts are there situ-
ated.
— Promissory Notes and the
debts thereby secured, the
actual value of which is. . . * 255,600 00
■ The condition of said Prom-
issory. Notes and debts is as
follows: They ar« all existing
Contracts, owned by said Cor-
poration, and are payable to it
at its' Office, which is situated
as aforesaid, and the payment
thereof is secured by "Mnrket
Street Railway Company First
Consolidated Mortgage 5 per
cent Gold Bonds," "The North-
ern Railway Company of Cali-
fornia 6 per cent Bonds," "Park
and Cliff House Railway Com-
pany 6 per cent Bonds." and
"Twenty-third Avenue Electric
Railway of Alameda County,
Cal., i 6 per " cent Bonds!"
the market value of all said
Bonds being $314,170 00. Said ]
Notes are kept and held by
said corporation at its said
Office, and said Notes and
Bonds are there situated.
— Bonds of the United States
($•3,175,000 00) and of the Dis-
trict of Columbia ($512,000 00),
the actual value of which is. . 6,778,897 84
The condition of said Bonds
is as follows: They belong to
said Corporation, and are Kept
and held by it in its own
Vaults, and are there situated.
They are "Registered 4 per
cent United States Bonds" and
"District of Columbia 3\i per
cent Bonds"— guaranteed by
the United States Government
— and are payable only to the
order of said Corporation.
4 — Miscellaneous " Bonds, the
actual value of which is 2,153,876 82
The condition of said Bonds
is as follows: They belong to
said Corporation, and are kept
and held by it in it? own
Vaults, and are there situated.
They are "Market-street Cable
Railway Company 6 per cent
Bonds ($1,000,000 00)," "Spring
Valley Waterworks 4 percent
Bonds ($615,000 00)," utter-
street Railway Company 5 per
cent Bonds ($270,000 00),"
"City of San Jose 5 percent
Bonds ($38,700 00)," "City of
San Luis Obispo 5 per cent
Bonds ($33,750 45)," and "The
Omnibus Cable Company 6 per
cent Bonds ($23,000)."
I s— lnterest on Miscellaneous
Bonds, accrued to July 1, 1896 108,74? 66
6— (a) Real Estate situated in
the City and County of San
Francisco, and in the County
of Alameda, in said State, the
actual value of which is 107,880 48
(6) The land and building in
which said Corporation keeps
its said Office, the actual value
of which is 577.528 76
The condition of said Real
Estate is that it belongs to
j said Corporation, and part of
it is productive.
I 7— Cash In United States Gold
and Silver Coin, belonging to
said Corporation, and in its
possession, and situated at its
said Office. Actual Value .... 914,326 2*
Total Assets $36,552,014 00
LIABILITIES.
I— Said Corporation owes De-
posits amounting to and the
actual value of which is. ... $33,941,905 48
The condition of said De-
posits is that they are payable
only out of said Assets and are
fully secured thereby.
2— Reserve Fund, Actual Value. 2,610,108 52
"■•'•'■ ■"'."■ ' ■ — — — "
Total Liabilities .$36,552,014 00
■ ■
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
By JAMES R. KELLY, President.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
By ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
State op California, )
City and County of San Francisco. J ss '
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J.
TOBIN being each separately duly sworn,
each for himself, says: That said JAMES
R. KELLY is President, and that said
ROBERT J. TOBIN is Secretary, of The
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, the
Corporation above mentioned, ana that
the foregoing statement is true. .
JAMES R. KELLY, President.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
2d day of July, 1896. ;
GEO. T. KNOX, Notary Public,
In and for the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California. ■
. : — ' ' ' '
njT.VTI ■■ m
/£4RNYS\
18 THE VERY BEST OXB TO KXAMINB
X your eyes and nt tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of bis own Invention,
superiority has not been- equaled. Mjr «eVO> '
C*m has been due to the menu or in/ worJb -
Office Hours— l2 loir.u.. . .
JHON BED?.
tu_ 'i jm : BRASS BED 3.
< ~~ , FOLDING
Wire and Hair Mat- ' •
trenses, Kecli n i n •'■■•
i .....:. : : ; Chairs, Wheel Chairj. •
TT ' ' Commodes, Back Kej:i -
TM«i._ UnUi .Nevr Montgomery
a t»-~~ Ljl St., under Urana
*^ uotci, a. «".
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD,
SUMMARY OF THE MAKKEXS.
Pilver lower.
Shipment of $62,252 to China,
Wheat weak and duil.
New Chevalier Barley offering.
Oats as before. Rye dull.
Small Yellow Corn lower.
Hay shows some changes.
Beans neglected.
Potatoes about tbe s*me.
Several Vegetables advanced.
Good Onions doing better.
F.uuer and Cheese weak.
Kjrcs neglected and accumulating.
Turkey* hisner. No sale for Ducks.
Apricots still advancing.
Choice Peaches very firm.
Berries continue cheap.
Citrus Fruits quiet.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Bacon expected to advance.
No change in Coal.
A TRADE JOURNAL'S BIRTHDAY.
The Daily Commercial News and Shipping List
of San Francisco celebrated its 214 th birthday
July 1, by keeping open lioin ■ to the commercial
element of the City and Issuing a handsome birth
day edition of fifty-two pages, filled with interest-
Ing matter appertaining "to tbe grain, insurance
and shipping mu-rests of California. Tbe number
Is tilled with high-art illustrations of commercial
establishments and merchants, and is a fine speci
men of high class pressworlr, being, In addition,
almost a guidebook to the lines ot trade men
• tloned.
■ III: COAL. TRADE.
The private circular of I. Steuart gives the re
ceipts of coal at this port thns far this year at 628,
-200 tons, against 658,400 during tbe same time in
1895, and says:
•■The situation at the coal mines Of Australia,
which have been on strike for the last six weeks,
remains unchanged at tbe present writing, while
the prospects of an early settlement of the differ
ences between tli e mine-owners and the working
miners are reported favorable. Ihe market has
not suffered In the meantime for lack of fuel, the
shipi us from British Columbia and of Anthra
cite coal from Knclaml keeping requirements well
supplied. Prices generally remain unchanged."
TRKASUKK SHIPMKN'T.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $62,252,
consisting of $60,392 in Mexican Dollars and $LB6O
ID Gold Coin.
Kxpianatton.
fh» arrow flies with the wind. The top flgurM
•t station indicate maximum tempera-. tire for the
•ays: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredth*,
•nrlng the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
Ilaes, connect points of equal air pressure; i«o
-therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, 'ihe
word "hleh"' means high barometric pressure and
to usually accompanied by fair weathe?: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is u«ualiy preceded !
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. '
-Lows' usually first appear on Lie Washington {
coast. Whin the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "lew" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. lib a "high" in ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California' coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result
W- A . HI.X BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department OF AOBICCIi-
TrKK. Weather Bdbkau, San- Francisco, July
2, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day :
Kureka 62, Bed Bluff 100, San Francisco 63,
Fresno 98, San Luis Obispo 84, Los Angeles 82,
Han Diego 68. Yunia 104.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68. |
minimum 50, mean 59.
The pressure remains high over the ocean off j
the northern coast. There has been a slight fall !
during the past twenty ; four hours over the north- j
crn and central portions of California. The pres- !
sure has risen rapidly during the past twenty-four j
hours over the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has risen generally over the |
Pacific Coast and in southern Oregon, Northwest- |
crn Nevada and the valley districts of California. |
The rise has been about 6 decrees. The tempera- [
ture is now slightly above the normal over the I
greater portion of California.
Conditions continue favorab'e for fair weather !
day and probably Saturday. Warmer weather j
may be expected in the valleys and eastward.
Foncast made a' San Fran isco for thirty hours
ending midnight. July 3, lH9ti:
Northern California— Fair Friday and probably
Saturday; continued high temperature in the val
leys; fresh norm westerly winds on the coast, light
northerly "winds Inland. .
Southern California— Fair Friday and probably
Saturday; continued high temperatures inland;
light variable winds on the coast, northerly winds
in the interior.
Nevada— Fair Friday and probably Saturday;
warmer in tne eastern portion Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday and probably Saturday;
warmer Friday.
Arizona — Fair Friday and Saturday; continued
nigh tempera' tires.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday and
probably Sa;ur.lay ; fresh northwesterly winds, in
creasing in force In the afternoon.
Alexander G. MCADIK,
Local Forecast Official.
NKW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
rrw YORK, N. V.. Ji ly There ' Was a
■harp change in the temper of speculation at the
opening < t business at the Stock Exchange to-day.
The recjipt-. of higher quo ations from London,
and of buying orders from that center, led to an
advance of Vs® 1 /* per cent right at tie start.
Sugar and the Grangers were In -he lead. Before
the expira-.lon of the first half-hour, however, the
bears had succeeded not Only In wiping out (his
Imp'ovement, but in bringing about a decline of
considerable proportions in a number of Instances.
There were reports of heavy liquidation?, and as a
matter of fact, round amounts of stocks were '
dosed out on stop orJers in Chicago Gas, Sugar
Manhattan and one or two others but in the gen
"ml list the selling demonstrated later In the
session.
In the decline just noted Chicago gas was most
conspicuous, declining 4% 10 56. Sugar fell from
3U9»/i to 106%: tobacco from 6 V* to 58% •
Burlington i<nd Qulncy. 1% to 70%; Northwest
ern from 98% to 97Vi: ft- Paul from 74 % to
U>73%c: Rock Island from 64% to 63%! Man
hattan from 97V4 to 95% and so on. The bearish
feelins was very prom iiticen and rumors were
revived about gold shipments by Saturday's
steamers, although leading bankers denied that
they had received any orders to export the yellow
metal. In the afternoon the absorption of stocks
for foreign account had a telling effect and »s the
belief generally obta Tied that tin- declaration of
the Chicago convention for f re? silver tins been
pretty well discounted, a desire was manifested by
the traders to '/cover shorts and so along, at least
for turn. . \ . . ■ .
■The upward movement made rapid progress to
ward the close, 'when it was stated that at least
i.'5,000 shares of stock would be shipped t > Eur-
One by Saturday's steamers. Suear advanced 2%
Clilcago Gas •J^. Tobacco 2Vi «"'i Manhattan 2
and Hie other blocks improved 1/2 to 2 per cent'
and the advance was well ■ maintained in the final
trading, when speculation was firm intone. The
total sales were 274,500 shares. . Not changes
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
VVtiEELOCK & CO., y
4 LeldoedorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE • ■ ' ; '
623 Market kl, i'alace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S.l' L"Kl>V..; Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest -market quo-
tations. Keier<nce Ist National Bank, S. F. ■■■■
CHxCAOy. tH.IWA.ib. *Ja.W YOHK.
show gains of .1/1151% per cent: Sugar leading.
Chicago Gas lost 2.
Bonds were irregular,' but in the main lower. -
Total transactions were $959,000. Chesapeake and
Ohio general four «nd a halfs foil 1 J/ a t071V2"-
Chicago and Krie firsts, 2 to 107 : Kansas and
Texas' fours, lVs to 81; Toledo, St. Louis and Kan
sas City first certificates, 'J to 26; Kansas and
Texas seconds.l to 7; • Rock Island fives, 1 to
K'-V's- I" Government bonds $45,000 coupon
rodr of J9-'. 1 " sold at 117%; 5000 do. registered at
i;H»4: $11,000 coupon fours of 1907 at 108%, and
$16,000 coupon fives at 113.
'{'- !.•-•/' Grain.
FLOUR— DuII: easy: unchanged. Winter wheat.'
low grades, $1 70@2 25: do.tair to fancy, $2 4:>fts
3 45: do patents, *3 So@3 60: Minnesota clear,
if 2 41)@2 90: do straights, $2 95@3 35: do 1
palent-s $3 15@4 20: low extras, SI 70@2 65;
city mills, *4: do patents, $4 '-'Ofbi-i 45: rye mix
ture, $2 40(^3: superfine. «1 60 2 25: line. ]
$1 60@2 o.'. . Southern flour dull, weak; common
to lair extra. $2 15@2 70: good 10 choice do, $2 70
@3. ' Rye flour quiet and weak, *2 4OC9'.' 80.
CORNMEAL— Quiet; yellow Western, $2 05®
2 10: Brandy wine. $2 15.
RYE— Quiet: Western. 3834 c tab.
BARLKY— Quiet; 42V»c f . a. b.
BAKLKY MALT— DuII: Western, 42@43c.
WHEAT— DuII, firmer; f. o. b.. 66V4C; ungraded
red.s7@6Bc: No. 1 Northern, 6a 1 /2 c.
Options were dull and steady at 3 /<'sV2 e advance
following the West, better cables and local cover
ing. September and December most active. No.
•£. red July tjl-^ic; September. 625.jjc; December,
CORN— uull; steady;" «a -', 33i/4c elevator;
34V4Canoai.
Options dull, steady at Vs decline with the West;
July and September most active. July, 33V4C;
September, 33% ■; October, 34.y«c.
OATS— Dull; steady.
Options steady, dull; July 20% c; September,
20 Vie.
Spot prices: No. 3. 21c; No. • 2 white. 22c;
No. 2 Chicago, 2134 c; No. 3. 2OV4C: No. 3 white,
'.'lc; mixed Western, 22@23c; white do and
white state, 2S@26Sic. '. '
FEED BRAN-sl><a.">2V2C
MIDDLINGS—
RYE— Feed, 55c.
Provisions.
BEEF— Steady, aulet,. Family, $8%@9. Beef
hams, dull, eusv. Cut meats, steady, quiet..
LAUD— Quiet, steady. Western steam. $4 25;
city, $3 75: July, $4 20: refined quiet; continent,
f4 50; -~oulh American, $4 80; compound, 4@4 Vic.
PORK— Moderate demand, unchanged.
• BUTTER— Quiet. State dairy, 12@15c: do
cromaery, llMAlft^|o: Western dairy, 9@l2c;
do creamery, llVa®lsi/<jc: do factory, >(a,llc;
Klglns, 15@15Vfec: imitation creamery, 10@12c.
CHEESK— Moderately active. Slate large, 5 1 /-:®
6T /8 c: do small, 5»-™&iV4c: part sKlms, 2(g,4 ;
full skims, 1 V 2 (j2c.
EGGS— Choice linn. State ana Pennsylvania,
12@13c: Western fresh, ll@12c: do per case,
$1 50@3 00.
TALLOW— DuII, nominal. <-VV v .- .
COTTONSEED oiL-Qulet, unsettled. Crude,
20@21c: do off grade. 24^ic; yellow, prime. 23c.
RESlN— Quiet, steady. . Strained, common to
good, $1 67V--M.l 70.
TURPENTINE— DuII, steady; 25Vi@26c
• POTATOES— Weak, large receipts. Southern,
40c@$l.
RlCE— Firm, fair demand. Domestic fair to
extra, 3@5%c; Japan, 4@4fAc
MOLASSKS— FairIy active, firm. New Orleans
open kettle, good 10 choice. 27@37c
tin I Xl- Barely steady: 10 to 15 points down. i
July. $11 75@11 80: August, $11 16; seotember. 1
SlO 57: Octouer.slo 35: December. *10 20CalU 30: '
January, $10 15; March, $10 15; May, $10 10; j
June, $10 10. .-pot. quiet, steady: No. 7, 13i^c.
SUGAR— Kaw, dull, steady. Fair refining. 3c; '
centrifugal 96 test, 3%c; refined, steady:
oft A, 43/ B @4i / 2c; mola A, 5V 8C:8 C: standard A. I
4%c: confectioners A. 4 3-sc; cut loaf and 1
crushed. 6c: powdered, 6y a c; granulated, 4%c:
cubes, 5%c
-• Fruit and Produce.
— Two-crown loose muscatels, 3%c;
three-crowu, 6c; four-crown, 6@s>Ac; London
layers. $1.
PKACHES-Peeled, * Ib, 12@13c: do unpeelea.
a pRlCOTfe— Old, bags, SVj@9Vac; new, bags,
Bt.4@S^4c. .
Pi. i NES- Four sizes, nominal; sc.
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged. .
WOOL — unchanged. •*
Merchandise. •
Pin IRON-Quiet, unchanged.
COPPER— DuII: lake. 811 254411 50.
LEAD— Firm; domestic, S3 y2y a @3 05.
UN— Firmer; Straits, »li» 65©i3 60.
PLATES— Quiet.
fei-EL'i^R-Dull: domestic. $4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, li.t« July 2.— The ambition of wheat
traders to-day seemed to be to keep in touch with
the vagaries of the New York stock market, and
1 s the action there was very irregular, it required
much ingenuity to, at limes, be in line True there
was not enough business to really make the ses
sion interesting, but what little there was was
transacted in an unsettled manner. The Cincin
nati Price Current summary for last week was
taken as unfavorable ana that started the market
in a slightly firmer figure, the advance being sub
sequently lost and afterward retained. Receipts I
at Chit ago were 13 cars and 44 785 oushels were i
taken from store. - The Northwest had 48S cars, 1
1 against 449 last Thursday. A ear ago the corre
j sponding day was a holiday, heuce no comparison
; Is possible. Liverpool cables were quiet and i/4d
j lower. Closing Continental cables were generally j
j lower. Crop damage reports from the Northwest
were of material assistance to the tone during the
session. Export clearances were quite large at
414,102 bushels. September wheat opened from
66V8C to 66i/B<?£6fc>l/4C. sold between 55% c and 57c,
closing at 5b%(356S/ 4 c. &fcG43/ic higher than yes- j
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 68 cars.
CORN— The holiday spirit pervaded the corn
market, restricting business to the extent of al
most producing a stagnant condition. There has
not been much doing In this market recently, and
with the approaching two days' recess in consid
eration the trade assumed a lifeless appearance.
The Infrequent and slow changes 111 prices were 1
attributable to the action of wheat. The Cincin- I
nati Price Current placed the corn crop in good posi
tion. Receipts were 472 cars, and 416.622 bushels
were taken from store. Liverpool cables were 14a
lower. Export clearances were 324,145 bushels.
September corn opened at 27tVg(52734c, sold be
tween 27Vs@'.i7ty8c and 27^® 7%c, closing at
27 % c bid, a shade under yesterday. Estimated
j receipts for to-morrow, 866 cars.
OaTH- Offered but faint recognition of the firm
ton • of wheat when that was present, but was
I always ready to acquiesce In the opposite feeling.
■ Trade was not such as to attract particular atten
! tion. The Cincinnati Price Current reported con-
I tinned fine promises lor the oats crop. Receipts
j were 246 cars and 95,459 bushels were withdrawn
: from store. Export clearances were very large at
! 1.747 bushels. September oats closed a shade
j higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow Mii cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 75% c; September, 76c:
I December, 78V«c. Receipts 24 cars. .
PROVISIONS— Nothing much was done in
{ product. Under a steady hog market prices main
-1 tamed a fairly firm appearance but as there was
! neither pressure to sell nor urgency to buy there
( wat no decided direction to the product market.
Sept-mber pork closed 10c higher, September lard
2 Vic higher, September ribs 6c higher.
• IjUTTKR— The butter market was steady. sap
plies were ueavy and the demand moderate.
Creameries- Extras. 14Vic; firsts, 13@14c;
seconds, lO'al'-'c: Imitations, fancy. 12c. Dairies-
Extras, 12.: firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras. 10@10%c; firsts, B^@9c; packing stock,
1-c: roll, 6^»7c. .••'.--.»
EGGS— Were easy. Offerings were large and the
demand sow. Fresh stock 9Vi@JlVsc * dozen.
MONEY— Was b@fX' on call and B% on tims
loans. New YorK exchange was quoted at par.
Cosing Price*.
WHEAT— JuIy, f^V»c : September, 66«i®66^4c:
December, sH%@sß*4<-. Z7OZ 70 , . '*
t.Ol'.N— nly. g @26%c: September. 27% c:
May, 29 % - .
• ua!>- .uir. 15i/4c; September. J6V2@ls%c;
May, 18i/gc asked. -=.-,».
PORK- July, *6 95; September, $7 10.
LARD— JuIy. $3 80: September. *4-
Whs— July, $3 77Va: September, $3 80.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ili.. Jnly 2._ The !
supply of cattle on sale to-day was fair. Choice |
kinds sold at steady prices, but common were j
weak. Hogs were steady. The offerings were
moderate and ■' the demand good. Sheep were
quiet and weak.
CATTLK — KeceiDts. 10,000. Fancy beeves,
*4 55©4 65: choice to prime. 1300 to 1800 pound '
steers. $4 30@)4 60 : rood to choice steers. 1200
Ie 1700 pounds. #4 15®t 25: medium steers. 1000
to 1350 pounds, $3 85«54 10: common to fair steers.
960 to 1200 pounds. $3 40®3 bO: feeders.
I 800 to 1200 pounds. S3 60@3 83; common to choice i
stocicers. $2 66@8 50: culls, cnuice to extra. S2 HO
©3 25: bu Is, poor to choice, $1 76(g>2 75;
cows and heifers, extra, $3 76@4 10; cows
lair 10 choice. »2 60S6N 50: cows, common to fair I
canneis'. $1 25(402 25: calves, good to choice. I
*■» 60.'05 00; ca ves, common to good, $304 40' j
Texas fed steers. $3 20® 1 10 : Texas cows.bulls and I
oxen. $1 75@3«;0: milkers and springers, pel head,
Si:ofes4O; Texas grass steers. $2 60@3 1 5.
Bouts— Receipts. 26,000. • Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $2 90&3 30: common to choice
mixed. »3 10&3 45: choice assorted. $3 45»3 55 '
light, $3 25@3 55; pigs. $2 7683 60.
SHttl'- .Receipts. 15,000. ■ interior to cnoJc*
♦2(e4: lambs, $2 765*6 26. ~
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SAXES.!
NEW YORK, N. V., July 3.-The Producers'
Fruit Company sold California fruit in the* Co
nsolidated auctioi -rooms to-day as follows: Apri
cots—Royal, 80c@?l 06. a few at 50c; Montgamet,
$1 10. ■ Peaches— Alexander, 80c@$l 45. Plums—
Ciyman, $1 10@l 35; Abundance, $165; Royal
Hatlve, $1.15@1 45, a few at 80c; Burbank, $2;
Satsnnia, $1 90. Prunes — Tragedy, $2 506&3-
Himoni. *1 20. Fies-Black (10-lb boxfs)
$1 lOfdil 70: Purple $1 45. ooxts),
The . arl Fruit Company sold: Cherries— Black
f, €> 1« b i iCani *-' @ 3 6 per box: Royal Anne,
40@2 20. Prunes-Tragedy, $2 756*3 20 per
5iJ--. cl it, tfl: Bimonl .* l 65r«u2 35. Pears— Bartletts,
$2^2 10 net box. Peaches-Ht. John, $1 40@l »5
perbox: Brisps Karly -May, 80cfi6$3 05: AlexaTider, I
I 55c@$2:^ Hales Kurly, 55c@$I 60, Plums-Bin- !
haiiK. $2@3 10 per half crate: Abundance, $1 BOA
2 20: « lynian, 65c@$J 35. Apricots-Royal, 50<& '
90c per bult crnte. ;
' Porter Bros. Company i sold :, Prilnes— Trageav '
$2 70@a 90 per half crate; simoni, 81 30f<oi 60*
l'ears — Vlsalia Bartletts. $2 So®2 40 per box
Cherries- Hoyal Anne, *1 05@l 90. per box- as
sorted,*! 60@l 75. Peaches-Alexander, $10i(al
170 per box: Hales, *1 35. Plum*— Clvnuin
$1 16@1 65 per half crate: *. St. Catherine, $1 40
Aprtrots-Roval, 45®»Oc per half crate. ' Flcs—
60c per 10- lb box. ■. . - b ■
. BOSTO.-., Mass., July . 2. -Porter Bros. . Com
pany sold California fruit at open unction to-day as
follows: Prunes — Tragedy, s3 per half crate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
: . .-■;■. .i „.--.,
Plums— Clyman. $1 70<iil 90 per half crate: Royal
Hative, $1 ifiid>\ 90; Koenisr Claude, *1 f>o@l 70.
Peaches— i tale* >_arly, #1 10@l 55 jer box: oth
ers, 35c@Sl 15. Apricots— Koyal, 76c®$l 03 per
half crate. ' -
The Karl Fruit Comnany sold: * Prunes— Himonl.
f 3 70@2 75 per half crate. Plums— Clyman, 51 95
(23 On per half crate: tst. Catherine, $1 65@2 05;
Royal Jiativc, $1 50@'J 05. Peaches— Alexander,
$I@l 55 per box; Hales Early, $1 15©1 -6.
Apricots— Royal, $1 10@l 50 per half crate, f Irs—
f 1 10 per 10-pound box. Pes.rs— Bartleus. $175
(£2 35 per box some small and green sold for less.
CHICAGO, Ilu, July 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit nt open auction tod.iv
as follows: Prunes — Tragedy. $2 05@'.» 25 per
half crate: Simoni, $1 30@i 611. Plums—Bui
bank. $1 05@2 JO per : hull' crate; Abundance,
$1 L's@l4.V Koyal Haiive, *1 15@1 35; Clvman,
*1 15: Peach, $1 400] 71); St. Catherine. *1 30.
Cherries— Black Republican, mi 45©2 per box;
loyal Ann-. $1 25(2)1 85. P aches- St. John,
$1 65@2 10 per box; Hales Early, ysc@?l 55:
Alexander, $I@l 50: some in had order, 30@90c;
Brigss May, $1 25@1 SO. PearJ— Bartletts, $1 35
@2 20 per box. . Apricots— Royals. 85@95c per
half crate.
Porter Bros. Company sold: Prunes— Tragedy,
$1 85@2 25 per half crate; Slmonl, SI 20@l 45.
Pears — Bartietta, SI 70@2 20 per box: arrived
Small and green; Comet, $2 05: Fresno ßartletts,
$2 45@1 75; half boxes, 65@90c; Lawson. $1 SO®
1 35 per half box: others. 50@75e per half crate:
Cherries— Assorted, $1 05@l 80 per dot- Koyal
Annes, SI li,<g)l 70. Mums— Burbanks, .$1 50 per
half crate; Abundance. SI 40: Koyal Hative, $1 VO
fl 40: others, 90c@$l 25. 'Peaches - Hales
any. SI 45rg)l 95; Al xander. 60c@>$l 55: others.
60c@f 1 30 per box. Apricots— 70c@$l 05per half
crate. ■
The Producers' Fruit Company sold: Boyal
Apricots, 70c@$l 00. Plums— Clyman, $1 05®
1 25; Royal natives. 51 20@l 40. Prunes-si- j
moni, $1 20@l 45; Tragedy, $1 85; Alexander j
Poaches, 60c@$l 55.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., July 2.— The Producers'
Fruit. Company sold California fruit in Consoli
date I Auction to-day as follows: Royal Apricots,
$I@l 60; Alexander Peaches, $x 26<Stl 65; Plums,
81 20; Tragedy Prunes, *3.
MSW lOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call steady at 2@2Va"; last loan at
2£; closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile
paper. s@&Vi%. Bar silver, 683/ic. Mexican dol
lars, 53%@&4>4.c Sterling Kxchanitc quiet, steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 H7 l /i
for sixty <ibvr and $4 88 for ' demand. Posted
rate . $4 B*@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 86V*@<
4 Bti3,i. Government bonds have been weak; State
bond* dull; railroad bonds easier. Silver at the
board was lower. '
CXOSINO STOCKS.
Am Tel * Cable.... 90 Norfolk <& West rn. 3
Atchlson 135% Preferred. 9»4
Preferred 20 Northern Pacific... 8^
Adams Express.... 14% Preferred IS 1 /*
Alton. Terre Haute 58 Northwestern...... SUV,
American Expresslll I Preferred 14s
AmericanToDacco. 60% N. Y. Central. 85%
Preferred 96 N.Y.,Chlcago<fc. I S.I* 12
Bay State Gas 20 | Ist preferred 68
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17'/» Yd preferred...... 27
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.&N. H. 170
buffalo, Koch AP. 18% N. Y. A New Kng. 48
Canada Pacific..... 60 N. V.. Susq & W... 8
Canada southern.. 45%! Preferred. 21%
Canton .Land 50" 8 Ontario HVi
Central Pacillc 15 Ontario * Western 13 s /*
Ches. «fc Ohio Oregon Improvmnt %
Chicago Alton. 154 Preferred
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation la
Chicago, B. & Q.... 72% Oregon Short Line. 10
Chicago* K. 111... 41 [Pacific Mail 21»4
Preferred 99 Peoria, D. A Evans 1%
Chicago Gas 6*l/4 Pittsburg & W. pfd 15
Clever I'ittsbarg. . 164 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..160
Consolidation Coal. 3°J Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Gas.. 153 i Preferred IS
C. C. c. & St. Louis 28 'Reading 13%
Preferred 70 KioGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel* lroc. a 114 1 Preferred 40
Preferred 100 > Kock Island .'. 64V*
Cotton Oil Cert .... 9% Rome Wtt<tOgden.lls
Commercial Cable. 1 40 SL L. A S. W .3%
Del. Hudson 123 Preferred 9
Del. Lack* Westrn. 159 St. Paul 75%
Denver <fe R. « 12% Preferred I*7*4
Preferred 47% St. Paul * Duluth. 18
Distillers 13%' Preterred 80
General Electric... 2.i»» su Paul A- Omaha. 3as/g
Erie 14*4! Preferred 125
Preferred 34 St. P. M. A M 109
Fort Wayne 160 |siiver Certificates. &**/*
Great Northern pfd 110 Southern Pacific... 18%
Green Bay % Southern R. X « 3
Harlem 294 j Preferred 2M/ 8
Hocking Coal 1 Sugar Refinery ....109%
Hocking Valley 17 | Preferred 100
Homestake. : 83 iTenn. Coal & Iron. 20%
H. <fc Texas Cent... : Preferred 80
Illinois Central.:... 92% Texas Pacific 7Vi
lowa Central 7%,Tol.A.A.«feN.Mich.
Preferreo 28 ITOI. A Ohio Cenu.. SO
Kansas & Texas... 11%| Preferred. 70
Preferred aiT/glTol.St.LouisA K.C. 5
Kingston * Pern... 3 Preferred .. 6
Lake Erie & Westn 17% ! Union Pacinc 7Vs
Preferred 69% U. P. Den & Gulf.. 21/4
Lake Shore 14« ju. 8. Coraage 4%
National Lead 21%; Preferred 8%
Preferred 85 1 Guaranteed 17
Long Island 74 O. S. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 4*% 0. S. Leather 7V4
Louisville. Made Ch 7% Preferred 68
Preferred 16% U. S. Rubber 15%
Manhattan Consol. 973. 4 Preferred. 731 i
Memphis & Charts. 16 jUtlca <t B. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 8% Wan. b. L. & Pac.. 7
Michigan Central.. 94 1 Preferred „ 16*4 1
Mlnn<feS.L. : Wells-Fargo. 88
Preferred I Western Union.... H2l/4
Minn A St. L com. 16 ! Wisconsin Central. 1
Ist preferred 72% Wheeling AL. E.. 8*/ 4
preferred...... 41 . Preferred. S\>»/* 1
Missouri Pacific... 20841 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 60%
Mobile & Ohio IB IW. C. Beef 7
Nashville* Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 7
National Linseed.. 17%! Preferred 22
N. J. Central 101 »B» B Brooklyn Traction. 21
North American... 484 Krie 2d pM 18%
CLOSINO BONDS.
D B 4s, registered.. 1081/4 M KT2ds.... 56
Do 4s. coupon... 1083/4 Do 4s . ... , 81%
V S4snew,reg«trdll6 Mutual Union 6s. 114
Do coupon.... 116 N J cent Gen 65. ..117%
Do 2s 95 Northern Pac lsts. 113 V*
Co 6s 113 Do2ds _....110%
lofts, coupon... 113 Do Sds 66%
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l ßK%
Do 1887 100 Do deb 6s 109%
£*> 1898 10 1 O RAN Ims... .108
Do 1899 100 .StL&lronMtGenes 75
E^'oo? 5 of * 95 "-- St L & 8 » Gen 65.110%
D.^f-eSs 109% St Paul Consols... 150 *
Ala Class A4s 103 St PCA Pa lsts...H9
Do Class 4, 106 |Do Pac Cal lsts..llO
La Consol 4s 95% Southern R X 65... 89%
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsis. 53%
N Carolina con 65.. 110 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 19
c D . o4s ; 100 Union Pac lsts 96.103!^
So Carolina 4%5... 103 West Shore 4a.. 104 V*
Term new 75 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 65
Va funding debt... 57 R Grand* West lsis 74
Do registered Ches A Ohio 65.. ..106
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchlson 4s 7754
Do trust rcptsst. 4% Do A... ..... 391 a
CanadaSonth2ds..lo6 |GH4RA«i,. 101
Ceu Pac lsts 0f '95.100 I Do2d7s. " 97V.
D en4RGlat 111%H A Tex Cent *6a"lO6i£
D 045....... PO Docon6s. 102
Krle ads 64 Reading 4s 7«Bi
Kansas Pa Consols 68 Missouri Us. 100
Ks Pa Ista Den diving
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHFAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno.. July 2.-The spot market
Is firm at 6* 2d@ss 3V4rt. Cargoes steady at 265,
arrived.
rrTrKKi*.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
! Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter:
i?}*.' ,*," 9%d: August, is 9%d; September, 4s
88^d: October, 4s 9%a: November, 4s lOd.
SECURITIES.
LONDON. Ksc. July 2.-Conso!s. 113 11-16
-silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes. lOlf 26c
EXCHANGE ANL» BULLION.
sterling Exchange, 60 days _ fiftg
Sterling Exchange,sight _ 4 89
Sterling cables.. :........ — 489 V
New York Exchange, sight!'.."" — iS2
New York Exchange, telegranhlc. — 16
Fine Silver, 1* ounce _ ssa^
Mexican Dollars ;;" 54% 64^*
PRODUCE MARKET.
. WHEAT AND OTHKK GRAINS.
WHEAT—Nothing going on worthy of remark.
The Cardlgansnlre takes for Cork 48,667 ctls
valued at $46,000.
No. 1, 9*% c: choice, 93»4@95c: lower grades.
87%@90c: extra choice for milling, 97%c@?l 10
■ . TALL BOARD SALES.
Informal cSKSBIOXc SKSBIOX-10 o'clock—December-
SCO tons, 07*4 c.
Rkoilar ilosNiso bwisiox- December— loo
tons, 97»/4c:. 100, 97% c. May-100. $1 02%.
Afternoon Ml—loll — December — 800 tons,
973/ 900, 97% c Seller '86, new-Soo. ea%c
do storage paid-200, 9«V«c. - !, ™~!
BARLEY -New Chevalier Is on the market, but
quotations have not yet been established. Feed
tt<%@6S%cs choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 75@80c.'
• A 1.1. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session—lo o'clock—No sales.
■ Regular iinKMXB Session—December— 100
tons, 68% c -
A ftkrnoon SKBBION — . December — 100 tons
68V*c.
OATS—Are dull and easy. Milling, 87%«90c
fancy Feed. 90@92%c $ ctl; good to choice.
@90;; common to fair, 77%@80c; Gray, mtcL
833/ic: Surprise, 95<.(».1!l 02%.
« ORN-Smali Round Yellow is weaker. Large
Yellow. 90@95C"»ctl: small Round do, 97% c:
White. 77%,g,8-.'%c %t cU. ;- " '
■ RYE-72%@75c f>. ctl.
BUCKW »i jp.AT—ls3@9Oc fl ctL
FLOUR AKil> 3IILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 V, bbl; Bakers' extras,' S3 65@3 60
-superfine, $2 75<jai3. ■ ■ , • '
CORN.MKAL, ETC. -Feed Corn, »19 60@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 » ton
WILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-0) sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Urabam Flour
2% c** Kye Hour, SVic; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, ,is,i<a3c; ; extra cream- do,, 3%c; Oatmeal,
»%c: Oat Groats, 4Vjc; Hominy, 4&4% c: Bnck
wneat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina.
4%c: Wholewheat Flour. 3c; Rolled oats, 41/4?.
i' 1 fc*rl- JJ B*ri *y- 4%c; Split Peas, 4.'. 4 Green do,
6Vici? 4 tt>-
HAY AND FKEDSTUI'FS.
RAN-Quotable at 515@16 60 * ton.
MIDDLINOS-ei7 60@18 50 ■$ ton for lower
grades and 819&20 * ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF*-Rolled Barley. *15@15 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill. $21 per ton; jobbing, 822;
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market. *
HAY— Hay Is no lenger worth quoting and j
quotations for new show some revision. Receipts
continue light. -New Wheat I- quotable at $7-509
©10: New Wheat and On*.. *7@9:;new Oat, S6(rilß;
new K »rtey.*6(a>B: Hirer Barley, «4 50@5: Alfal
la. $6(36 SO; new Clover, $t>@7 60.
bTKAW- 30(o 40c $ bale. . >
; BEANS 'A> TDT D SEEDS.
BEANS-Are weak at the decline already noted
and. trade is very dull. Bayos are quotable at
at 90©950; Small Whites, *1 15@1 25; Pea, $1 20
@1 40: Lar*e Whites, 90c.g?l 05; Pink. 75@85c:
Ueds, $1 10@l SO: Blackeye. $J 50(a»l 60; Ked
K i llln «--' nominal; .Llmas. f2 35©2 65: Butters,
$1 35(^1 50 lor small and $1 60©l 75 lor large.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard Is quotable at SI 50<3
2 25 a ctl: Trieste, $2@2 £.0 * oil: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary. 2sic
■ DKIKIi t'KAS-f 1 25@1 40 $cU for Mies and
$1 25@1 45 for Green. .
POTATOES, UNIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Olu are no longer worth quoting.
New are about tbe same as they have been. Garnet
Chiles. 8&c@*l; Peerless, 80c@$l; Early Rose, in
sacks, 75c@$l: Karlv Rose in boxes, 75c@$l: Bur
bnnk *e»<ilinzs, 7&c@sl 25 ctl.
-ONIONS— White 'are firmer 1 at 40C«i60c: Red,
lf>fa)Vsc f* ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Tomatoes sold at *2 v
box. Su't-nier Squash and Cut umber were higner.
Corn was waak. Green - Corn is * quotable at
60cfji$l 9, sk: Alameda Corn, *1 25@1 76 "$ crate;
Summer Squash. 40@65c for i ay: Egg Plant. 12^c:
Tomatoes, *2 sd@3 50 Vi hx: Cucumbers. 60(a.9«Jc:
Alameda Cucumbers. $150(32: Asparagus. 75c@
! $2 50; Rhubarb, 25e>50r: Dried Peppers, b@l2i' 3 c
*« Ib: Green Peppers, 10@15c t» Ib for Chile and
?» lb for Bell: Green Peas. bOc(d.sl * sack
for common and 2(ai2i^c ¥ Ib for Garden: String
Beans. 2 a 4c for common ana s®6c for Garden:
Green Okra, 25c 9 lb; Cabbage, 45@50c * ctl;
Garlic. 2@3c * lb.
BUTTER, tIIKISK AND EGGS.
BUTl'Eß— Previous prices rule.
CKEAMKRY-Fancy, 14%@16c; seconds, 14c
?> lb.
Daiby— Fancy, 18®13Vic; good to choice, 12®
l*%c; lower grades, llifil%*a
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6@6Vic; common
to good. 6@5Vi)C: Cream ■ Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7&80 ft Jb; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
12@12V«|C. •
K(iO-— Dull and weak at the decline, with ac
cumulating stocks. Eastern Eggs. 9©l2c: store
Kggs, JOtollc: ranch i-.KSs, 12@14c; Duck Eggs,
12^13c V aoz.
POULTRY AND (iA.MK.
POULTRY — Turkeys continue to advance.
Ducks are hard to sell. The other kinds are quiet.
Live Turkeys, 15@16c for Gobblers, 18^1 4c for
Hens: Geese, "r pair. 90c@Cl: Ducks. «3@S 50 for
old and S3 50@4 50 r dor for young: Hens. *.< 50(al
4 60: Boosters, young, $6@>7 : 0: do, old. $4(^4 50
•$ dor.: Fryers. $4. 50@5: Broilers, »3<S>4 for large
and S2@2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 25(3)1 60 ft doz
for young and old.
v a Nominal. ' ■ "i- z .i
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— ' ;\'v;T' ;
Apricots in boxes sold still higher. Fancy
Peaches sell over the quotations.  ;>.;V , *
Cherr.es are out of market.
Peaches. 50c<3$l %i box, and 70@90c V basket.
Plums, 40(&60c Tl crate and 25@50c ¥ box.
Cherry P:ums. 25@40c fi box. "
Apples, 2S@soc f» small box and 60c@*l V- large
box.
Pears— 2s@3sc ft box. '■• \ \i
Arrlcots. 35@60c >a box, 25@40c 9 basket and
f 1.-)(a.-.'. p > ? ion In bulk.
Figs, 2f>@4oc 'if, box for single and 60@76c fl box
for aouble layers.
BERRlES— Supplies continue very large.
Dtrawberrl?* $2 60<&4 9 chest for Longworths
and $2® 2 50 for large berries.
Raspberrie.% $.: 50@4 f> chest.
Blackberries, $1 50@2 60 V chest.
Currants, $2 60@4 50 ft chest.
GBAPES— Thompson's Seedless from Yumasold
at $2 r crate. - . •• - : ,
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. »1 50@2 25 ft box
for Seedlings, $3@3 60 for Navels, and $2@3 *
box for Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, 91
©2 for common and $2 50@3 tor good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6 sOia7: bananas, $I@2 9 bunch;
Pineapples, *lia« ? dozen.
DRIKD FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations on tbe Fruit Exchange are follows:
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c & &> for quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana 4(a 41.30 for evaporated;
Peaches, S@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, ?@Bc
for Drlmeto choice, —for fancy and 10(91 lc V
lb for fancy Moorpaik; Figs, black. 2%c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c %* lb
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c "ft lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3<s3V4c; Plums, 3%c t* tt> for pitted and
l%{g»2c for unfitted: Nectarines, 3%i45c t* lb (or
prime to choice and &%c for fancy
Jobbing Prices— jr^vaporatea apples. 4@sc
V lb: sun-dried. l^<^2c: Peaches. 3%@5c ana Be
for fancy; peeled in boxes, l'-' 1 a c 9 tb; Prunes, 3%c
for four sizes, 4%c for 4O@so's and 4c for
50@60's: Apricots, 7(§9c lor prime to choice,
lOicll for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c;
Whl:e li;s, 3@sc: Pears. 8c Jf, a, for erapo rated
halves and 4@7%c for quarters: Plums. 3Vg(s»4c
for pitted ana l@l%c forunpltted; Nectarines,
4(^sc V lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, 3c; 2-crown. 2%c %i lb: seedless ' Sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, 131 c: 3-crown London lay
ers. 70c V box: dusters, $1 35@1 50: Dehe.sa clus
ters, *2 10@2 25: Imper at clusters, Vi 60@2 76.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, none: 3
crown, 3@H%c V Si; 2-crown. 3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c 9 lt>; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c; dusters, $1 6031 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters. $2 75.
NUTS — Quotations are as followH: Wal
nuts, '."all r tor No. 1 bard and ll@l3c ft lb for
paner-snell. jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7%c for
Languedoc and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing;
Peanuts, r>@ts%c \\ % for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts. &@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and He for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9@lof f> tb: Cocoanuts. $4 50@6 ■$ MX).
IK'NKY-Comb 10@12%c > lb for bright ana 8
Xc f» tb for lower grades: water-white extracted,
5(a.5i 2 1 ' ?* tli: light amber , extracted, 4\4@4%c;
dark amber, 4c; dark. 2@3c. .
BEE&WAX-25©-7V%0 * lb.
PROVISIONS.
An advance in Bacon is expected any day.
Hams continue very firm.
CURKD JIKATS-Bacon Is quotable at 6c V
m for heavy, 7c f lb for light medium. 9c * lb for
light, 10c for extra llaht and 12c %> to for suear
curea; eastern Sugar-cured Ham", 12@12%c:
California Hams. 10'/ a lc V Ib: Mess Beef, #7(0,8;
extra mess do. »8 MXai9: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, .«8r«8 60;- extra - clear, $14 $ bbl:
uief,s, $12 M'«Si.-t p bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c ft tb.
LA — Eastern, tierces is quoted at 5%c a lb
for compound and 614 c for pure; palls. 7c p Ib;
California tierces. 4>4c for. compound : nd 6c tor
pure: half-bbls, 6i,ic: 10-lb tins, 7c; do 6-lb, 7%c
_ cottole.ne— u©i»Vic in tierces ana 4,(0,71^0
¥Ib In 10- Q> tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Heavy salted steers, 7©
! 7i/gc $ lb. culls aDd brands. 6@6y a c: medium,
»;<&oy.,c > lb: culls and brands. 5@5y,0 71 lb: light,
be: culls and brands, -ie; Cowhides. fi(a,si »c; culls I
and brands. 4@iy,c: salted Kip, 5c i> ft: salted !
Calf, 7<4>Bc: salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, UU^ailc: '
culls and brands, 8©S l Ac;dry Kip and Veul."iifcs;-»c: ;
culls. 7c; dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, I
l!O(/i35c each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good summer. \
30c: meUium. 15ral!5c; winter, 7@loc; sheep
skins, su*arllnKs. 10(g,15c each: short wool, 2c'<a
86c each; inf-ciunn. -S0(*50o each; Ion? wools, st;@
bOc each. Cuils of all kind* about \' 2 c less.
TALLOW-Xa 1. rendered. 3i/i(^3i^,c: .No. 2.
8c: refineJ, s^^s^c; Grease, ai^c ¥> In.
WOOL— A local clrcu'ar says: "Of late the Wool
trade has improved. We cannot say tbat prices
for inferior or poorer classes of Wool are better,
j but there is a belter demand lor them, so that It Is
I possible to work them off, which is an important
: item. As to really choice Wools there ate hones
I that they will bring l@Jc * 0> more than the
i prices expected heretofore. The London sales, now
I on. opened to-day, and private wire rdvlces report
m good market at nominally the prices .mil ng at
the last previous sale. The Wool sales at Ukiuh
and Cloverdale last week were well attended, bid
ding was spirited and all good stock found prompt
buyers at 10Va(g>ll»Ac, mostly U@il%c for
choicest of the Wools.'" Humboldt and .Mennocino,
( 10@12c r 1 Ib: Valley Urejtoi.. 9@Uc V 1b: do
I lower grades. g@loc ?l lb; Nevada. 6©9 c?» lb;
1 Ban Joaqitin and southern Coast, six months, 4®6c;
San Joaquln, lent hill, (rood to choice, 7®Bc: «an
Jn&quin. year's tk-fc>, 4Vj^CVac; northern tree,
7@8o;do defective, srg>tfi. 2l2 l - V tb.
HOPS— Nomtual at li/^igtSc f4 tt>.^^^^^^^^
OENEKAL >ll K« UANDISE
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Macs, spot. $4 25: San
Quentin, $4 20: Wool Bags, 24%@26%c.
COAL- Wellington. ?8 14 ton: New 'Wellington,
«8 f» ton; routhflelU vVelllngton, .$7 50 * ton;
Seattle, «5@5 50: Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, *4 50:
j Wallsenu, *7: Stolen, *7 50; Brvmoo. *7 50;
! Cumberland. »ll@ia in bulk and $13@14 In sks;
I Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgic. ■ $11 50; Welsh
. Anthracite, $8;. Cannel. , $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. *7 60: coke,
I $11(312 in bulk and 81 V ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Heflnerr Company
: quotes, terms net cash: I Cub*?, Crushed. Powdered
I and Fine CrusheJ, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c:
I Confectioners' A, 8 c: Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra
C. 4%c: Golden C, 4%:; half-barrels. Vie more
j than barrels, and boxes %c more. ■■ • •
1 SYRUP— Golden, in bbls. 16c: UlacK strap, 10c
* SaL
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates • for . dressed : stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First i quality, sc: second ao, 4%@i%c:
third do, B%@4c * ft. •
- VEAL-Large. 4@6c; small, s@6c V Ib.
MUTTON- Wethers, sc: Ewes. 4@4%c * lb. .
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 5@5%c V tt>. ,
. PORK— Live Hogs, 3i>4@>3%c * &> tor large and
3%@334c for small anti medium: dressed do, 4%
lUSCEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
lionr. ar. sks ... 15.73 i,( htese. ctli, 198
Wheat, Or, ctls.. 43,71 21 Kkr5. doz 7,350
Barlei.ctls. 9,«40 Hides, no. 867
Oats, Or, ct15..... 670 *vits. bdls. 2.540
Beans, sks. 1,830 Wool, bis 676
Potatoes, sks. 2,B79|\Vine, gals 31,200
Onions, sks. 800! Lime, bbls. 81
MiddilnKs,sks... 15 yuirksllver.flsfcs 88
Bran.sks 560!'i'ailow, cis 17
Hay. tons 398, Lumber. M feM.. 10
Butter. cUs. 311lLeatber, roll 60
THE STOCK MARKET.
Values for mining shares were several cents
better yesterday, but the improvement was hardly
noticeable and business continued dull, The close
was firm. - , . , .
Best «fc Belcher levied an assessment of 25c.
Tte .Mono and Occidental assessments fall de
linquent In board to-day. ... , •',. ' , ;
At the regular monthly meeting of ; the Gold
Mining Exchange it was decided to close the ex
change until Wednesday next and the call board
i until the 13th. ' .
Both stork boards adjourn at noon to-day to 11
a. m. next Wednesday. . ■ ■
In the (.hollar mine (old Comstock workings) in j
j the nope above crosscut 460 level, they have :
opened the tenth floor at which', point old ground 1
was encountered, In the winze below this point !
there Is no change worthy of note to record for the j
week. They, shipped to the Nevada mill for re- |
duction duiing the past week .121. tons and 1100 !
pounds of ore. The average battery sample of the !
ore was *24 01. They are repairing in the main
incline and in north lateral drift on 650 level.
In the Pntosi mine (old Comstock workings)
the north drift from the top of the raise from the
4sO level south drift is now out 165 feet: extended
20 Ikai during Ihe week. It has been stopped. An
east crosscut was started from it at a distance of
100 feet irom the top of the raise. It is out 15 feet
:in low-grade quartz. The south lateial drift. 650 j
level, started from the main west crosscut from
the shaft, is now out 104 feet: extended 36 feet
s nee last repor.: face in claytand porphyry. The
work on the tunnel level having disclosed nothing
of material importance, they have suspended
operations at that point. The usual repairs I are
under way. ■ .
Private advices from Virginia City state that the
south drift from the station on the 300 level of
shaft 1 in the Norcross-Chollur Brunswick lode
workings was out 110 feet Tuesday night and that
It would be extended 100 feet farther before the
Chollar company will start any crosscuts. The
drift is being run close to and parallel with, the
footwall and is in porphyry and clay.
The sales on regular call at the San Francisco
Stock Board for the first six months of the year
were 2,288,700 shares, aganst 1,609,030 shares
during the same period in 1895. There was a fall
ing off of nearly oO per cent in the sales last month
as compared with May. : - ■„•.;•.
UOAi.l' >ALKs.
Following were fhi sal** iv lt »e Han rraaoleM
Bloc* Board ywterday:
lisruß MORvtvf? besktox r-nwwwarv* 9:TI.
200 Andes 32| 50 CC&V.'..1.90t2500pb1r...1.15
500 BAB 75200 &C .97J20 JPotoal... 100
400 Bodie 40 100 ...........98 160 Savae.~..B7
100 8u11i0n.... 1811 50 HAN. .1.25 60 88
60 Cha11ng...35i700 Mxcn....'.66 100 Uni0n. ...63
I 550 Ch011r.. 2.15 100 Mono 03 200 Utah .....09
200 2.20 200OccidU-..74 200 V Jaci«...44
100 CC*V... 1.86 100 761550 46
A*TKRNOON SK»SIOM— i:XI.
100 Alpha .10 100 C Point. ..6l 300 P0t051..1.05
100 Alta 10 SO 4.52 100 Say 88
200 Blehr 49 500 Exchqr. . .06 250 Scorpion.. Oß
200 B A 8....754 60 OitC 90 300 Seg 8e1.. .13
200 .: 70100 H&N... 1.20 260 S St 55
300 8u11i0n.. .18 150 1.25 200 Union ...52
160 Cballnc.32 300 Justice,... os 12 ' JO V Jack#i4s
450Cc0ur....2.15 200 Mex......65 60 -.44
100 Conn 99 60 OcctdU....7o>
.Following were tno wuo* m tv«. Paotao atoole
*oard yesterday:
BKGTTI.ATI <F: »,inx- in-.Ti. -
300 Alpha. ll|soo Con 1m...02'40U Mexn 67
200 Alt*. 11 500 Con NY.. 04 200 Occd M ... 75
300 Andes. ...3l 300 Crwn P1...61 600 74
400 8«1cner...52 Exchqr....O6 40U 0ph1r...1.15
600 B<fcß 300 U&U......D9 300 0vrmn....22
200 75»00 98 tOO PotoiL.l.OU
200 74 300 -....97 200 ...... 1.02%
300 72 600 500 1.06
400 8u11i0n.. ..17;500 HAN... 1.20 350 Say» 86
300 Ca1eda.....16 100 1.22% ! 500 Scorplon..o7
350 Ch11nee... 341200 .........1.25 600 B A M...12
100 Ch01r2.22% 400 Julia 10 400 SNt 66
100 .2.2 i/ 300 Justice. ...o7 500 Sil Hi 11.. .03
100 2.17% 500 Kentuck..O2 400 Union C...63
100 2.1&600 L Wash.. .04 M)H Uuiu 10
150 CCV 1% -00 Mono .07 500 V Jacket.. 4s
60 Conn.l.o2Va!3oo ........ 06 •
AFTERNOON SICSSION— - 2: 39.
200 Alnha IS 200 Choir. ..2 20,500 Overman. 2l
300 Alta 111100CCAV....1%|150 Potosi. .l.oo
200 Ande5.... 321800 ...1.90600.. 1.07% I
700 31 60 C0nr1.1.02% 100 1.05
St>o BAa 71 2000 Con 1m.. 02 400 1.10
200 Bodie 48 300 C P01nt«..62 -'OO 5avg......86
400 Bullion... 17JVS00 Exchqr.. ..06,300 88 I
.100 20 300 GAC 95 SOU 88AM....12 i
100 8u1wer....2U400 .....98 300 5NV......65 I
200 Caleda.... 14 700HA15...1.25 500 56 I
400 .13350 Mcx 60 200 ....67
200Cha11ge.<..34100 Mono 06200 Union... 51
400 Choir.'. 17 '- 2 400 72700 Utah 09
200 .2.22% 300 6011 V Jckl.... 44
100 ...2y<150 Ophlr....iy ioo »....45
300 ......2.32%!200 -1.17%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, July 2—4. p. v.
.. ._ „ Sid.Atked-1 BidLAsked.
Alpha Con. ... 09 11 Julia... . — 12
Alta. 09 11 Ju5tice......... 04 06
Andes. 31 32,KemuclL. 02 03 !
Belcher 61 63 Lady Wash. — 04
Best & Belcher 71 73 Mexican....... 67 68 !
Benton C0n.... 20 —M0n0.... . — 08
Bodie 40 — Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion IK 19 Occidental. ... .7* 76!
8u1wer.. ....... — 28 Ophlr. 1.16 1.20 I
Caledonia. — 13 Overman^..;.. 22 23 '
Chollar 2.25 2.3o|Potosl. 1.10 1.16!
Con.CalAVa.,.l.Bs 1.90 Savage 87 89
Challenge Con. 32 33 Scorpion... . 06 08
Con. Imperial. 02 08 seg. Belcher... 12 IS
Confidence.... 99 1.05 Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 - silver Hi 11.... — 03 1
Crown Point... 63 '66 sierra Nevada. 67 68 !
EastSlerraNev — Union Con 51 53
Exchequer.... 03 06 Utah OR 10
Goula Curry. 97 99 Yellow Jacket. 45 47
Hale AN or era. 1.25 1.30
Moltke'a Remarkable Foresight.
Moltke's foresight was sipnally vindi
cated at the outbreak of the Franco-Ger
man war. It wai commonly reported that
one day— in July, 1870— an officer. came
into Moltke's study and said to him : |
"Your Excellency, the relations seem to be
growing so strained that it might be well
to begin preparations for a war with
France." "Do you think things are
so bad as that? ■ Well, then,
kindly open that bureau there and pull
out drawer No. 4 on the right-hand side,
and you will find all that has to be seen
to ready cut and dried." :" Even if this
story be not literally true, at. least it is
; quite correct as regards . the gist of it.
Everything relative to such a war had in
-1 deed long aso been weighed and worked
out and decided, and all the necessary or
ders lay ready to the smallest detail, only
requiring the addition of the date for im
mediate dispatch.— The Forum.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jdly. 1896.
su. Mo. Tu. _W. Th. _Fr Ha. Moon', Phases
1234 r?^ I*Bl1 * 81 Quarter.
• — - July a.
6 8 7 8 9 10 11 ■ —
— " A, New Moon.
12 13 14 16 16 !17 I 18 -July 10.
119 20 21 22 23 a 4«j3 Flrßt JJ Q ul}^u I }^
j 2tf 27 28 j29!30 31 I ne\ p ull Moon.
July 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San FrancUeo.
BTKAMER
I nKSTINATION. i
»*ri,i.
| PIKK.
Orizaba...... Mexic0........ I July 3,10 am Her 11
CityPaebta. I Vie * en snct July 3. Dam Pier 9
i\rc«ta j Oregon ports.. July 3. 4pm Pier 24
P0m0na....; Humooimiiat July 5 Yru Pler9
Corona San Diego..... July o.llam Pierll.
Trackee Coos Bay : July 6. 6pm Oceanic
Knr»a.... Mcwoon . : July 6, *am Pierll
ABlancharo j Oregon Dons.. July 6. 6pti ! Pier 13
Columbia... Portland ...... July 7,10 am rier -'*
Weeott..... Kei Kiver....: July 7. 6pm Pier la '
Santa Rosa. Ban Diego July B.llam Pierll
Walla Walla; Vie 4 I'm Sna July 8. 9am Pier 9
*ra*o room uar....... July B.loam Pier 13
Colon Panama.. .... July 9,12 MiPMSS
faraliOD.... »auin» Bay.. ! July 0. Pam f ler 1
? i Pau1...... »WDor; ...... .JulylO. Pam Pier 11
Blatdof Ca; | Portland. „... i Jnlyia.lpAM ' Pier 2*
SUN MOON AND TIDE.
r. Coast avb Gkod'etio Rtrsvnv Ttnif)
BoI.X.KTIK.PonUHRICD BT OrrictAt ■ r
ATTHORTTV OK TIC! M'I'KBIVTKNnF.Sr )
Friday, July 2.
BnnrlsM 4. 50!. M00n rises 11.86pm
Bnns«Hs 7.87|.M00n Bets
tluly-1896.
WiL W| H W iL W |H W|
a ■ U. 221 ITS 6.UH
4 1.21 1.3 8.00 l
6 2.11 " 0.8 9.1*2 .
6 2.64 0.2 10.14
7 3.34 — O 8 11.06
8 4.12 -0.8 11.49
0 4.50 —1.1 1 12.26
3.'.: 10.50;
8.1 11.87
3.4,'. U. 17
a.6 : i.ia
3.7 2.09
4.0 1 S.Ob
4.1| ? :<-
-2.2 6.09 .
> 2.7 6.38
2.8 7,11
3.0 7.48
-8.4 B. Si '
5.3 D.16
,3.4 1 10.01 •
5.3
5.5
5.7
5.9
6.1
•6.2
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day In i the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but - three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The , heights Riven are additions to the j
soiiiullnej on the United \ States Coast t Survey ■
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
heigh . and then the number given is subtractiv* i
from thp.rt>nth • yen hv 'lie churls. '■.
'UVuKuuUAHUic i*uiiLx:-i:ui.
Bbanch Hydbographic Osjtice, U. S. N., ■)
MERCHANTS' Kxchanok. V
bAN F6ancisco,.Julv 2. 1896. )'
Tbe time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at - noon of the 120 th
meridiau, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
"A. F. Fechtblkr, ' ..
. Lieutenant U. S. in. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
. iTKWfKII
J
!•'«•>«
I per*
Pomona. Humooicr. Mar . ..July 3
Alcatraz........ Yaquina Bay... ..July 3
Allcoßlancnaw; P0rt1and. ............ .' . July 4
Knreka.... . Newport ..july 4
C010n.. ...... — Panama.......... July 4
C01umD1a. ...... Portland..... ..July 4
«-«i * U *-"— Victoria <& Puaret sound ..July 4
Willamette..;.-. Seattle.... July 4
Truckee Coos Bay:.. Ju'y 4
Cleone... CrescentOitr July 5
CltyofPeklns.. China <c Japan.... July 5
We* ''-- i->i Hiver July 5
Projrrcso.. Seattle.. July S
Mineo!* Tacoma.... July 5
Aniso ........ Coos 8ay.... ! July 6
Australia. ; H0u01uid....... . July 6
eantaKoja...... Kan Oienx. , July 6
North JrorK Humboldt Bay .July 7
Empire.... ■ Portland July 7
Creaceat UitT. .. ! Cresoeac city. July 8
StPaul Newport. „ July 8
farallon Vaauina Bay July 8
Cmaillla Victoria & i"uzet sound ..July 8
SiateofCa! Portland .• July 9
Del K0rt0. .:.... Grays Har00r........; .'. July 9
Hun 01 ............ Grays Haroor July 9
Corona ... «n Diecro. , .July 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
• THURSDAY, July 2.
Simr Point Arena. Johnson, 14 hours from
Memlocino and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
doc in Lumber Co.
Stmr Corona, Hall, 61 hours from San Clego
and way ports;, pass ana mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
. Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 18 hours from Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to uoodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Mariposa, Hayward, 24 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 6 days 12 hours; pass and
mdse. to J D Spreckels <& Bros Co.
Arcata, Cousins. 97 hours from Portland,
via Coos Bay and Eureka; pass and mdse, to O C
A N Co. „
Schr Maxim. Olson, " 24 hours from Caspar;
156 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Schr Rebecca, Jorgenson. 34 days from Tres
Marias; 295 cedar logs, to X C Eldridge.
I Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, 7 days from Aber
deen: 85 M ft lumber, to SESlade Lumber Co;
320 M ft lumber, to 8 H Harmon Lumber Co.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, — hours from
Bowens Landing; — eds wood, to Bender Bros. Up
river direct. .
Schr Nettie Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes: 60 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer <fc Co; 100
cs cream, to Point Reyes Creamery.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson, 60 hoars from Co
quille River; mdse, to J S Klin ball. -
' Cleared.
THURSDAY, July 2.
Br stmr Gaelic, Pearne. Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu ; O «fc OS S Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend : Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Br shin Cardiganshire, Taylor, Queenstown: O
W McNear. .
Bark Mohican, Saunders, Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson. Tahiti; 3 Pinet &
Co. ■ ■ ".;.. • ■ • ■ .■
Brig W O Irwin, Williams, Honolulu; - J l>
Spreckels & Bros Co. '
Schr Anita, Aas, £nsenada; Ybarra Gold Mining
Co.
Sailed. : r ;l * ;.-"
.I -- 4 i'; - - THURSDAY. July 2.
Br stmr Gaelic. Pearne. Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu. .
Stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Ackley, Astoria.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttiefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr San Benlto, Smith. Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendoclno. . -
Nor baric Gartha, Tugelsen, Sydney.
Bark Mohican, Sannders, Honolulu.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson. Tahiti.
Bktn Eureka. Paulson, Tacoma.
Schr S Danielson, Vogel, Albion.
Schr Marie E Smith. Rosendal), Tacoma.
. achr Anita, Aaa, Ensenada.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. July 2-10 p. it-Weather
hazy ! wind W; velocity. 10 miles.
Charters.
The Br ship Wasdale was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, 27s 6d— ls 3d leu
direct.
The bark Alden Besae loads mdse for Honolulu.
IJomeHtic Port*.
YAQUINA BAY— Sailed July 2-S;mr Alcatras
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 2— Stmr Noyo,
hence July 1.
- BEAR HARBOR— Arrived July 2— Stmr West
port, from Fort Bragg.
SAN PEDKO- Sailed July 2-Stmr Pasadena
for Eureka. . *
EUREKA— Arrived July I— Schr Sparrow, hnc
June 18. •
FORT ROSS— Arrived July 2-Schr Etta B, hnc
July 1.
NEAH BAY— Arrived. July I— Schr Falcon, hnc
June 17.
ASTORIA— SaiIed July. 2— Btmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 2-Schr Vesta, for
San Pedro; schr Meteor; bktn Sitagtt, from San
Pedro. -T-.S
-PORT TOWN'SENi)— Arrived Jane 80— Chil brk
Latona. 'Rom Iquique. • -
KADlAK— Arrived June 14— Bark Richard 111,
from Seattle.
SEATTLE— July 2— Sehr Win Renton,
from Redondo. July I— stmr Lakme, hence Jnne
27. June 29— Stmr Willamette, hence June 26,
and to sail June 30, tor San Francisco: June 27—
Stmr Frogreso. hence June 24. July 2— Bktn
Skaclt. and schr Meteor, from San Pedro: schr
Ma wee ma, from Redondo: schr C S Holmes, from
San Pedro. .
Cleared June 29— Bktn J M Griffiths, for Hono
lulu. HJfePRi. ; ; • •
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 2— Stmr Alcazar,
from Greenwood.
FORT ROSS— Sailed July 2— Schr Etta B, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived July 2— Stmr
Alcazar, from San Pedro, and sailed for — — .
KEDOSDO- nailed July 2-Schr Mabel Gray, for
NEW WHATCOM- Arrived July i— Bchr Al
bert Meyer, for Eureka, •• ■
ROCKPORT— Arrived July Stmr Scotia, hnc
July 1.
TACOMA— Sailed July 2— Ship Dashing Wave,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed July I— Br ship
Yarkand, for Calcutta; bark Seminole, for Syd
ney.
Arrived July 2— Schr - C S Holmes, from San
Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 2— Schr C T
Hill, hence Jane 18; schr Baby A Cousins, hence
June 19; scbr Jennie Stella, from San Diego.
.Eastern. Ports,
NEW YORK— Sailed July I— Stmr Advance, for
Colon.
Foreign Port*.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived July Ger ship Flot
bek, from Oregon. v
LONDON— Arrived July I— Bus ship Fennla, fm
Oregon. . - -
MANCHESTER— Arrived Jnne 30— Nor bark
Nordlyset, hence Jan 29.
PANAMA— SaiIed June 30— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for San Francisco. - , • ' - • . % - . ■■
SHANGHAI— July I— Schr Prosper, for
Puget Sound.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 22— Stmr Austra
lia, hence Jane 6. June Ship Tillie E Star
; buck, from Astoria. June 24— Brig Morning Star,
: put oack on account of chief officer being sick;
bark Matilda, from Port Blakeley.
- Sailed June 20— Bark Sea King, from Port
Townsend: bark Ceylon, for San Francisco. June
22— Brig Morning Star, tor Mlcronaesia. June 23
— U S stmr Charleston and bktn Irmgard, for San
! Francisco; Br bark Jessie Osborue, for Port
Townsend.
To sail June 25— Bark Fresno, for Port Towns
end.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed May s— Br ship
Laurlston, for San Francisco. May 11— Schr
Oceania Vance, for Honolulu. May 21— Br bark
Ko-iClusko, for Honolulu. May 28— Haw ship
John Ena, for San ranrisco. Jane 3— Bktn Rob
ert Sudd for Honolulu. May Baric Pal
myra, for Port Townsend. ■•'".■.
In port June Br ships Albyn, Anglesey, Ar
concraig, Bracadale. Grajsendale, Hiddekel, Pen
dragon Castle, Kelburn, Langdale,- Laurelbank,
1 Port Caledonia. Khuddlan Castle and Windermere
and Br bark Cloncaird, Nic bark Dominion, Ital
ship - alvatore Clampa and Nor bark Stjorn. all for
San Francisco; barks Colusa and Harvester, for
Honolulu; Br ship Port Logan, for San Diego.
Chartered to load— Br ship County of Anglesea,
Brship Halewood, Br bark Invermark. Br baric
lnvergarry, Br snip James Kerr, for San Francisco;
Brsnip Uawksdale, for Oregon; Br ship Mount
Carmel, for San Diego; Br bark ■ Snowdon, for
Honolulu.
SYDNEY— SaiIed May 3— Br bark Afghanistan;
June 2— Br ship General Roberts, for Man Fran
cisco. May 27— Br bark Belmon . for Honolulu.
Arrived May 11— Ital ship Cavallere . Ciampa,
hence March 14. May 16— Br ship Glencova, frm
Tacoma.
PORT ADELAIDE-Arrived May 14— Br ship
Mooltan. from Vancouver. •
BRISBANE-Salled May .22— Br bark Bolivia,
for Vancouver. June I— Br ship Kails of Alton.
for San Francisso. ■ ". ' "',.' ■-
»OHT STEPHENS— Off May 2H— Br ship Lord
Shaftesbury, and ordered to Oregon. . •• • ,
PORT PIRIE— -ailed May 80— Ital bark ; Laz
zaro, tor Puget Sound.
MKLBOURNE— SaiIed June 2-Br bark Linden, |
for Oregon. ;-35B*SW»BS«f* ...
NAN AlMO— Arrived July 2— Bark Oregon, hnc
June V.
Muvement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*
NEW YORK— Arrived July 2— stmr Germanic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr Venesia.
from Stettin; stmr Munchau, from Bremen; stmr
Chateau Latitte, from Bordeaux. .'■ .
Sailed July 2— btrur Columbia, for Hamburg
s'.mr Kdara, for Amsterdam; stmr .Dresden for
Bremen. . : ' : •• ..
MOUTH— Arrived out July Stmr Fnerst
Bismarck. ' .
NAPLES— Arrived out July 2— Stmr ' Kaiser
BKESIERHAVEN— Arrived out July 2-Stmr
Trave and stmr H H Meier. . . * ' &tmr
for* : YoT£ WN ~ 9aUed JUly 2 ~ Stm ' Teutonic.
_LONDON-Salled July 2-Stmr Manitoba, for
New York. - : . ; . z^~ *"*
Importation*.
PORTLAND- Per Arcata— 2sß4 sks wheat, 317
sks oats, 83 sks wool. o *»wneat, 317
NAVARRO-Per Point Arena — 2 bxs hnt»«
600U railroad ties - . " ■* X 8 butter,
- Point Arena-45 bxs butter, 3 cs eggs. 1 bdl
hides, 11 dressed hogs. 22 hf-bls 19 bli wool 5
pkgs mdse. 2 coopi chickens. • «>o»wooi, c
, MONTEUEI'-Per Gl Dl y_s2 ptgs mdse 1 bx
soap, 6 bxs garden seed, 2 bxs butter 7cs cheese
Moss Landing-79 sks pocatoe*. 2 cs egxs.^Tx
\VatsonvUle-12 pkgs mdse,
l.m a e n •A C x r U s Kg i Bbx8 b x^ P ,e, C<l <*""«• s °° bWa
SAN DIEGO-Per Corona-134 ■ pkgs mdse 769
10 sk^aalt-l 2 1 "' 3keK " ollves - bxso 88 e aj es 9
sbbMrvtl \ taseamos*. 16 hf-bbls pickled fish
Newport— l2o bxs oranges, 132 bxs lemons, 17
pkgs mdse.- ,
Rt-dondo— lo 'pkgs mdse, s' bbis wine, 29 . bales
wool. 3.-1 bxs lemons. 47 bxs oranges.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 4 chsts tea, 22 bdls
corrugated iron. ■ . • .
Port Los Angeles— 3 cs coffee. 75 bxs oranges, 7
bxs lemons, 1 cs shoes, 9 pkgs mdse. I j
, Los Anireles via Port Los Angeles— s mats rice, 6
pkgs mdse, scs hardware. •" : < ■' ■ .
Santa Barbara— l 3 pkgs mdse, 4 ■ bxs fish, 16 bxc
oranges. . j
Port Harford— lß3 pkgs mdse, 4 kegs 69 bx
butter, 1 ox rock, 42 cs eggs, 632 sks beans, &
coops poultry, H dressed calves, 1 coop ducks, 7
coops chickens. 2161 sks barley, 320 bituminous
rock, 25 nxs fish.
AUSTRALIA AND HONOLULU— Per Mart
posa— 3o drums glycerine, 82 bdls skins, 4464 sks
su;ar. 212 cs pineapples, 499 ingots In, 1733 bclis
bananas, 433 hides, 17 cs : mangoes, 21 empty
cylinders, 12 csks Delta, 295 crts bananas, 10 bis
leather. 16 sks copra.
COQUILLK RIVER— Per Moro— 30 tons c sks
coal, 1 cs liquor, 69 eds 11 ska hark, 3 bis flannel,
28 bales wool. 22 kegs 2 bxa butter.
CoiiHien^B*.
Per Arcata — Moore, Ferguson A Co; E L Ever
ett; s Koshland.
Per Gipsy-Standard Oil Co: Cal Bottling Co: Cox
Seed and Plant Co: C Carpy A Co: W F Mitchell;
Wleland Brewing Co: Goldberg. Row en A Co: Wm
Coffee: Brigiiam. Hoppe & Co; Dairymen's Union;
B U Kunl A Co: Jonas Krlanger it Co; X Werner;
Herman Joosi ; Wolf A Son: Norton. Teller ACo
H Cowell A Co; Arctic Oil Works. ,' fi
Per Poini Arena— C A Hooper * Co. F B Haighl :
Wilson it Baecbtel; Ross A Hewlett: Billiard A
Hall; KohiiTM <t (.Jerdau: Thos Dengan, Son & Co;
Martin. Feusier& Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co: Rob
ens Tuft; Dairymen's Union : OB Smith A Co;
Norton, Teller & Co: A Coutts: Arctic Oil Works.
Per Corona— San Francisco Breweries: Rathjen
Bros; Dairymen's Union; Cal A Nev Creamery Co;
Wetmoreßros; C Carpy <fc Co: E R Stevens Co;
WC Price <fe Co: LScatena<& Co; Immel A Co; i;
J Shattuck; Amer Caro Acid A Gas Co; Pacific
molding Box Co: H O Ureenhood: Dal ton Bros; C
a. Chamberlain: Levl Spieeel A Co; Wolf A Son ;
Ivancovlch A Co; Revere Rubber Co; Harker A
V^;. i i w Helss: Getz Bros & Co; Herman Cohen;
JW Goodwin; Gray A Barblen; D E Allison Co:
w * Mitchell; Pacific Coast syrup Co: MlnakerA
weibanks; Amer Press Assn: Chas Tetzen; Hs
Knierson; H Diller; Campodonlco Malcolm: A
Tames: Foard A Stokes; C H Meyer Bros; Todd
* Ha " le : Thos Denigan, Son A Co; M P Morgan:
Adi-lidorfnr 4; Brandenstein; J A Folgsr <ft CO: M
l Morgan: (has Beach; Kobler A Frohling; Thos
?~.? r ?i c « s Amer 'can Union Fish Co; A Paladin! :
Goodall. Perkins Co Mllanl*Co; Hills Bros;
Allen * Lewis: Brlgham, Hoppe & Co; J Hoffman;
Hllrner, Bredhoff & schulr: Western Meat Co: A
tf vy iwii Dod ? e « Sweeney * Co: L D Stone A Co:
Marshall, Teggart & Co; Baker Hamilton; Labor
Kxchan e; Herges & Domeicanl; C M Buell; The
Singer Mfg Co: F Danen A Co; A Cruia; F Uri A.
Co; Marshall «St Heimers; B Q Ruhl A Co; Pacific
Coast Fish Co: P Milling Co: Slnshelmerßros;
H Dutard; San Francisco Fish Co: H Dutard ; X
Kruse; G CamlUonl A Co: H Tllden ACo • Pac
Paving Co: Milani dfcCo.
Per Mariposa— J D Spreckels & Bros Co; HO
Grecnhood; Willamette Pulp & Paper Co- George
Hermann: Wells. Fargo & Co; Germain Fruit Co;
New York Life Insurance Co: G Walter- Crown
Distillery Co; Pacific Express Co: Hooper & Jen
nings; W B Sumner A Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co:
J Ivancovich * Co: - L G Sresovlch * Co: Stewart
* Co: L Scatena * Co: Eveleth * Nash: W W Mo
Chesney * Sons; Garcia A Magginl ; M D VanvaMs;
Wetmore Bros: oner; Mau Hop; Yuen Kee.
Per Moro— FßHaight; Dodge. Sweeney * Co:
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association;
CMVolkman: Hulme &Hart: Fred Kroenberg:
Metropolitan Match Co; Dallemand & Co: J S
Kirn ball; Wellman, Peck & Co.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.
oceah steamships:
ASTORIA aWPORTLANDL
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails... June '27, July 7, 17 and 27
Btate of California sails. July 2, 12 and 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. jc
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO M GenL Supts.
X*. F. CONNOR, General Agent
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COSPAST
CUTRATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
3H*iareait Class .^B.OO
Second Clans ..dOOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
I . General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAH
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Ad
Broadway wharf. Ban Francisco, as nfilr
follows: : • ■ . • —
For Mary Island, Lortiuc Wran«eL Jnneau. KU-
llsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at y i. v., July 3, 1 a
18. 28. .ah ;. '2, 12, Si. .-
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 0 a. m.
Jnly -3, x. 13, 18, 23. 28. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting ' at Vancouver witb,
the C. p. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. fi-
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wlta
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hura-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2, p. v.. July 8, 8. Vi,
16 20. 84, 2H and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (Sao Luis Obispo), : Gaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San . Pedro. Bast San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 8 a. v., July
2, o. in. a, 18, --. 26. 30 ana every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Banta Barbara, Port Los
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. m- July 5. 8. 12. 1(3, 20, 24, -2H and every
fourth day thereafter. . • . ■
For Knsenada. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Pas. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), stc Orizaba.
10 a. Jr.. Ju'y 3 ana 25th of each month thereafter
Ticket office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
street. ■ ••..-.-
OOODALX, PERKINS A CO., Gent Agents.
■ ■ ■ 10 Market st, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, IU HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fT% sr»
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Snectai party rates.
S. P. MAiilPo.?-. sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July a<
at 2 r. M
Line to COODGARDLE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN*
South Africa.
. 4. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agt*
114 Montgomery
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
CO3IPA6JIE GESERAL TRASS ATLAJTiqUB
. . . French Lino to Havre
pOMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH _n_m
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by iSfffM>
this line avoid both transit by English railways!^
the discomfort of crossing the- channel la a small
boat. New Yors to Alexandria. EgyM. via Part*
first-ciasaSieU: second-class, *II2T
LA TOURA INK, Capt. Santelll... May 21 S a v
LA NORMANDIB.; ' May ■'& 8 i! xl
LA GASCOGNE Jun« 20. 7 A £
LA MOB.M v.Nl.li-: :....*. July* 6a" 7.
LA GASCOGNE July 25 11 I it
LA NORMANDIK Au/ust i 5 a! it
LA^£°^ TRGOONK - Capt - I**oenf. June 6.' 7 a! 1
MJT For farther rarttcutars apply to "••*•■•
„„ 3 Bon- A. FORGE r, Agent,
r » imn i>r a, m lnsf Gr ««n, New York.
«v^,S.gP#rgjjV^ * * Montgoms>»
WHITE mR lIR
Onlted States and Royal Hail Steam*n
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING every WJSKK.
AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -o-*_
P r?«^ . - Pai ?* r «nd accommodations ££$&
u£d* sS>tl^r.H cr S Bft J rlckets England. Ire-
ih?S«^ « nd. Sweden, Norway and D?niaarlt
SlPni ' 0 * n Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
SSli, w Sr®"." n(1 cabla P !atl3 ma r ** procured
oSS.^l*^ A N ER Y, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
•£2*£^~ ffl Cc the Company, 613 Mar.'set street
B»»rai»nd Hotel. -g.W. FLETCHER.
■-■■ General Agent tor Paclfio Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAI PACKET fOIPAIT.
STEAMERS . LEAVE ASFI.N'WAI.L jfig^
fortnightly ' for the West Indies and «*££!!
Southampton, calling en route at G?rr>ourgn.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. . ". .
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail B. & Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. -
Through tickets from San Francisco to PJy" 10 " 1 °}
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class. 195: third
Class, »87 50. '.*. For further particulars apply to
• tAKROTT * CO., Agents,
306 California st.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6P. M .Daily, freight received up
• to;.:3f) I*. jl.
IS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. "
_ •'■■ _. BTKAMBRs:
T. C. Walker. j; D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
■ - Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and luipt. «Jo
rALLEJO, MARE ISL iSD. rUWICiA, POfti 1
COSTA AM) CROCKETT.:
STK. MONTI CJEtIiO,* '•'-'."
°* n £ except Saturday and Bunday-10:30 *. a,
- ana 4 p. it ; Saturday, iu:3O a. m., 3:30 r. Mi
•4».M.0n1y. »«"««»y-» f. «.
Landiiift, Miasioa X< Flat 4.MURDERED BABE
FOUND IN A CAVE,
Discovery of a Dairyman
on the Fish Ranch
Road.
|
RIBBON ROTJN3 ITS NECK
Drawn So Tightly That Strangu
lation Was Sure to
Follcw.
BORN BY THE ROADSIDE.
Be'ief That It Is a Child Whose
Mother Was Fcund Suffering
by Dr. Rowell.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call^
908 l.roadway, July 2. )
An infant, which had been murdered,
was brought in from Claremont to-duy. |
The little body was found in a small cave
at the side of the Fish Ranch road. For t
several days a search has been made for j
the body, which was reported several days i
ago, but the cave wss so hidden that a per- ;
son not famiiiar with the locality would j
never find it except by accident.
About three weeks ago Dr. Rowell, who
was called to a case late at night, was
driving out toward Claremont when ne
I card a woman screaming by the roadside.
He at once stopped his bupgy and went to
where the sound came from. He found a |
young woman lying on the road, groaning
with agony, and surrounded by several j
young men. He examined the woman j
and found that she <vas well advanced in
tne pains of maternity. He did all he
could for the sufferer, and as his errand
was as urgent one he was forced to leave.
Before leaving the young woman the
men promised that they would at once
convey her to the Receiving Hospital.
An empty boggy was near by and Dr.
Rowell told the lads to drive to the hos
pital without delay. The woman haa
never been taken to the hospital, and after
the matter was reported the poiice and
Sheriff's office kept a lookout to try and
clear up the mystery, but nothing has
been learned further.
A few days ago Dairyman Cobn, while
out hunting, discovered the remains of a
little infant. He reported the matter to
the Coroner, and search has been kept up
ever since. On account of the secrecy of
the place the body was not found. This
morning the dairyman's son conducted
Deputy Coroner Quellen to the spot where
the babe was concealed.
From appearances the infant had been
dead some time, as decomposition had set
in. The boiy was that of a fuily devel
oped female child. A piece of ribbon was
around t'je neck and it had been drawn j*o •
tieht that it was almont buried in the
flesh. The infant appears to have been a I
healthy girl, and everything indicates that j
it was born alive.
As soon as he received the remains Cor- j
oner Baldwin stated that an autopsy I
would be held to determine whather or not j
the child had been murdered by strangu- i
lation. Owinu* to the lack of evidence it is j
hardly probable that the perpetrators of
tbe murder will be found.
It is believed that the young men were j
bringing the girl into Oakland at the time
she was found by Dr. Rowell and that
after the baby's birth they became fright
ened and disposed of it.
FIREWORKS AND SPORTS,
Grand Programme Prepared by
the Citizens of Hay
wards.
G. Toyne Will Be President of the
Day and Fred J. Russell
Orate r.
HAYWARDS, Cal., July 2.— The citi
zens have arranged for a grand celebration
and open picnic on tbe Fourth at Haywards
Park.
The literary exercises will be held In the
pavilion at the park, and will commence
G. Toyne, President of the Day of Haywards' Fourth of July Celebration.
at 10:30. The president of the day will be
G. Toyne. who will read the Declaration
of Independence. Mr. Toyne is one of the
ddest residents of Haywards, and be was
with great difficulty persuaded to accept
the presidency of the day's exercises. He
has a very powerful voice, and as there
will be a very laree crowd present, it was
necessary to procure some one who could
be heard all over the park.
The platform will be appropriately
»
draped, and while President Toyne is read
ing tho Declaration of Independence two
pages will form a canopy over him with
two National flags. Fred J. Russell will
be the orator of the day.
There will be several bicycle races for
priz s offered by the local tradesmen. The
rirst race is for boys under 14, the second
is for ladies and the third is open to all
amateurs. The races commence at 9
o'clock.
There will be athletic sports in the after
noon. These embrace a men's race; a
married ladies' race; a race for young man
over 16; a youne ladies' race; a race for
boys under 14; an egg race for girls and a
sack race for boys. The whole affair will
conclude with a display of fireworks and
dancing. •
WARMLY WELCOMED.
Senator Eli I>eni«on Received by Hl«
Friends With Music, Speeches and
. Wine.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.— Senator Eli
Denison has arrived home from St. T,ouis
and been welcomed by the Alameda
County Republican Central Committee.
There was a band and much spesch-mak
ing with cooling beverages from the flow
ing bowl. In acknowledging the welcome
Mr. Denison said:
"Mr. Chairman, Republicans and
friends: I thank you for your greeting.
I have been to St. Louis, and think I have
done my duty. We have nominated a
good man, and one who will surely be
elected. On my way all through the East
all the talk I have heard is McKinley, Mc-
Kinley.
"At" first I went to St, Louis under a
cloud, but I got out of it and came out on
top. By the action of a tribunal higher
than a State Convention of California I
was seated, and when I showed my papers
they were pronounced perfect.
"I am glad to be back among you, and I
am ready to take off my coat" with my
friends to push the wheel along to victory.
I am eoine to be with my friends and
stand by them till the last gun fires, and
I feel sure that with our united strength
we can march along to the victory we so
earnestly hope for."
NOW THE METHODISTS.
They Will Adopt a New Style In Indi
vidual Communion Cups Next.
Sunday.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.— The First
Methodist Church of this city has abol
ished the old-style communion service,
and at the service next Sunday morning
will use, for the first time, the sanitary
communion outfit — individual CUP 3. The
set differs from those used at the Market
street Congregational Church, where they
were first introduced by Rev. E. S. Chap
man, D.D., in that it is to be used at the
altar-rail instead of being passed through
the audience.
The outfit is composed of three nests of
glasses, each nest containing thirty-six
glasses and a cover. The glasses are filled
from a silver tube, which has six hnters
that turn down into the glas^ setting
underneatn. The trays are "elliptical and
have a half-inch diamond-shaped surface
into which holes are cut to sit the glasses,
but have no handles to carry them by.
One nest of classes will be set on the com
munion-table with the bread on either
side, while the other two will be shelved
just back and above the table until
needed.
TOOK HIS LIFE.
Carl Beck of Castro Valley Shoots Hfm
ftelf With a Kirle.
OAKLAND, Cal , July 2.— The body of
Carl Beck was found on the place of T. H.
Harder, a rancher, in Castro Valley, this
morning with a bullet turough the head
and a rifle beside him. Beck left the
house last night about 9 o'clock and a
couple of hours later a rifle-shot was heard,
but it was supposed he was shooting squir
rels. When he was not about this morn
ing a search was instituted, which resulted
in findinK the body.
Beck was a single man and had no rela
tives in this country as far as known. He
has lived around Haywards about ten years
and is well known. He was a member of
the Mount Eden Gun Club and is reported
to have drank heavily at one of their cele
brations. Since that lime be has been
quite down-hearted, but no one thought
of his ever takine his life.
•—• — ♦ — •
TAXES WERE REFUSED.
Piedmont Road Wants to Enjoin the
Tax Collector.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.— The Pied
mont and Mountain View Railroad Com
pany has sued County Tax Collector Bar
ber to restrain him from selling its prop
erty for alleged delinquency in the pay
ment of its taxes for the year 1895. It sets
forth that the property was assessed at
$232,000, when it should have been about
$75,000; also that the-e ligures were re
duced by the County Board of Equaliza
tion 50 per cent, to which reduction the
company was not entitled, as its petition
was not filed until after the life of the
board had been extended by C. I. Colgnn
without authority of the State Board of
Equalization. The Tax Collector has re
fused to accept taxes on the basis of the
reduction made by the Board of Equaliza
tion.
Killed a Rattler.
NILES, Cal., July 2.— While out walk
ing in the canyon Miss Susie Bane came
near being bit by a rattlesnake. There
was a party tramping from one camp to
another, when the rattler was seen coiled
ready to strike about four feet ahead of
the young -ady right in the path. Wil
liam Sohst Jr. realized the danger first,
and, grabbing a sticK, struct the reptile
before it could spring. It was killed and
the skin presented to Miss Bane, who
I will have it made into a belt as a memento
1 of the occasion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
HID THEIR TOOLS
BENEATH AN OAK,
A Complete Robbers' Outfit
Found Near Lake
Merritt.
LIVED LIKE ROBIN HOOD
i. ■ ■ ■
The Place Is a Lonesome Resort
for Thieves and Vagrants
Generally.
MANY INGENIOUS DEVICES.
■ i
\
Several Depredations Have Beep Re
cently Committed in the
Neighborhood.
Oaklakd Office Sax Frakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 2. j
At the foot of an ancient oak on the bor
ders of Lake Merritt a burglars' cache has
been discovered.
Beneath the gnarled limb a bullseye lan-
The Romantic Spot Near Lake JMcrritt Where ihe Fdllowcrs of Robin Hood
Lived and Kept Their Robbers' Kit.
tern, a bowie-knife, a lot of skeleton keys
and some very ingenious devices for turn
ing the keys of doors locked on the inside,
were found. The latter are new to the
police.
Detective Williams, who has the case in
hand, received his first tip from a pawn
broker, who told him that he had pur
chased a revolver from a one-legred man,
who said he had found it hidden in the
brush. He told the pawnbroker that with
the revolver were several other things, all
tied up in a cloth, near the Kiehth-strpet
bridge.
The vacant lot south of the western end
of the bridge is frequently used as a tryst
ing place by hard characters and the de
tective suspected that be might find some
thing in that neighborhood. The result
revealed a complete burglar's outfit bid
den under a tree.
Near the tree is a spring and wild celery
and ivy grow and the place is very pretty
ana secluded. There is a bucket and an
old mattress near the tree and it is very
evident that the robbers lived there. Evi
dences of small fires are numerous.
Although only half a block from an elec
tric-car track it wou!d be possible to live
for weeks without being discovered.
Creek pirates, tramps and hoodlums
who are vagrants gather at the place and
a watch was kept on the place last nieht.
During the night a man giving the name
of John Murray came across the bridge
and made for the obk tree. He was at
once arrested, but protested his innocence
of any crime. He will be held till his
story of himself is investigated, and if true
he will be released.
The ingenious devices for turning keys
which were found in the burglar's kit
were very peculiar. There are nine of
them, all fashioned from penholders of
different sizes, so that they would fit
almost any ordinary doorkey. Each
holder has a slit in it, into which the
tongue of a key which might be left in the
lock would slip and then the burj-lar
could unlock the door by twisting the key
around. The only way to prevent this
device being successful is to fasten the
keys so that they cannot be turned around.
The outfit is designed especially for
lodging-house burglaries, and the police '
say that the devices for keys will open
nine doors out of every ten.
During the past month a number of
petty room-robberies have occurred, and
on one occasion, not far from the oak
tree hiding-place, three Chinamen were
attacked and robbed. The locality is a
very lonely one, and it is quite likely that i
the lakeside Robin Hoods have been hold- j
ing up people and committing small burg- I
laries for a long time.
Suit Aguintt Ever*.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.— Chief Deputy
District Attorney L. S. Church has pre
pared, and will file to-morrow, a complaint
in behalf of Alameda County against
Henry Evers Sr., ex-Coroner, comprising
a number of counts and 240 pages of type"
written matter.
It is fought to recover $3000 claimed to
have been illegally collected by Evers |
while Coroner, by collecting fees of $5 for
each body taken to the morgue, and for
mileage, also for inquests which, it is !
charged, were never held
Assessment* Completed.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 2. — Assessor
Dalton has completed his- labors for this
year and Monday will turn over to the
Board of Supervisors all the assessment
booKs and maps. Sitting as a Board of I
Equalization the Supervisors will hear j
complaints and adjust differences for
three weeks.
Awaiting Greenberg.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.— Chief Lloyd
is now awaiting the pleasure of the Green
berg?. He wants affidavits in the Meyer
Cohen case before lie can secure requisi- '
tion papers from Governor Budd. It is >
generally believed that the case will now
be dropped, and that Cohen will be re
leased by the Salem authorities.
Witnesses in New York.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.— District At
torney Charles Snook haa prepared a new
authorization for the appointment of a
commission in New York to take depo
sitions in the case of Andrew Root, held
liere on ?12,090 bail asoneof the gold-brick
swindlers. The def^n^e is trj-in? to show
that Gordon was in New York at the time
tho prosecution c-aims he was here with
Root, so as to destroy the theory of con-
Braynard Wrathy.
OAKLAXI>. Cal., July 2.— Charles 11.
Braynard, the City Attorney of Redding,
charged with complicity in an alleged foot
race swindle, was brought to this city by
Constable Koch and allowed his liberty on
farniabinc a $500 bond. He maintains the
race was run fairly, and threatens to make
it warm for G. H. Williams, the mining
man, who claims to have been bunkoed
out of $.XX) by Braynard, McDonald and
Ryan, the racers, and Schaffer, the friend
oi the latter.
New Car Fenders.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.—Superinten
dent A. K. Grim of the Oakland Consoli
dated Electric Road, generally known as
Grove-street line, has placed iron fenders
on the front of his cars which, he says,
will be the means of saving more lives
than any automatic fender offered. Hia
idea is that whpn a person is struck or
run down he graSps for something, and
by having tne rods there death will be
averted.
The taut Dny.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.— This was the
last day on which taxes could be paid
before the property on which they had not
been paid will be sold by the city. The
sale commences to-morrow at 10 a. M., and
as a consequence, there were quite a crowd
at the City Treasurer's office throughout
the day. Nfany calied also to secure new
tags for their pet canines, so as to avoid
trouble with the poundmaster.
Mrs. Church's I>eUisions.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.~Dr. W. B.
Church, in speaking of Mrs. Alice
Church's threat to bring legal proceedings
to annul his divorce from his first wife, to
day said : "I know it is the delusion of a
perfectly irresponsible person. It is heredi
tary In her case, and I 'have watched it
closely for more than fourteen years. All
who know her will understand the matter,
hut it will not do to let strangers read her
statements without a knowledge of her
condition."
Small Income Secured.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 2. — William
Talbert, the man whose family were found
destitute in a tent at Beula'h Park, has
been located in Shasta County, where he
is employed by the Texas Consolidated
Gold-mining Company at $12 a week.
Pressure was brought to bear, and hi? sig
nature obtained lor a transfer of $7 per
week to his wife.
Water-Front Ca^o.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.-The attorneys
for the city in the great water-front case
arc busy working on the brief to be >-ul>
mitted to the Supreme Court. When cotn
yieted. which will be in about ten days, it
will be a very voluminous document. The
matter has been pending in the courts
five years, and it is expected that this will
settle the case.
AN INFORMAL OPENING,
The Gymnasium tor the Encinal
Yacht Club Members' Sons
Completed.
Dr. McLean Invests a Fortune in Toll
Road-, — Adipose Gentlemen Or
ganize a Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 2.— The annex
to the Encinal Yacht Club, devoted, by
consent of the seniors, to the physical
culture of the sons of members of the
club, was informally opened last night.
The ronm, or former repair-house, has
been cozily furnished, and the parapher
nalia, such as punch-bags, clubs, dumb
bells, is of the best obtainable.
The officeis are: George L. Leonard,
president; Edward Buckley, ViCe-presi
dent; Flank O'Connor, secretary and
treasurer. Quite a number of ladies and
gentlemen witnessed the opening.
Dr. McLean'* Other Dllstiion.
ALAMEDA, Cal., JuJy 2.— While Dr.
McLean was in Washington, D. C, attend
ing to the harbor improvement scheme,
he found time to try to get Uncle Sam to
purchase four toll roads from him, in
which he has invested a fortune.
According to the doctor the Tioga road
cost $6L',000, the Big Oak Fiat road $49,650.
the Coulttrville and Yosemite road $85,000
and the Yosemite and Turnpike Com
pany's road ?7."),000. Senator White intro
aneed a bill authorizing the purchane of
tne roads, and three officers of the En
gineer Corps, as ;i commission, are to
value and appraise the roads. When this
is done the doctor believes the bill will
pass at the next session of Congress.
Fraternal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 2.— Concordia
Stamm No. 268. U. O. K. M., has held an
election for othcers, resulting as iollows:
R. H. Putzmnn, past caief; W. D.inn
heim, obercbief; Fr. Bntemer, unterchief;
William Brumnier, secretary; John L.
Ansel, treasurer; Dr. E. physi
cian; Charles H. Linderman, trustee:
William riille, L. C. Buslach and R. H.
Puuman, di legates to the Grand Lodge.
The officers of Spruce Camp No. 132, W.
0. VV.. were publicly installed last night
by Past Consul W. H. Waste of Berkeley.
After the installation the friends and
neighbors adjourned to the banquet-room
and spent the evening pleasantly wiih
son itb, toasts and tobacco. Over 120 gen
tlemen were in attendance.
The i'.'t Man Club.
ALAMEDA, Cat,., July 2.— A n»w social
club has been formed in the city called the
Fat Man Club. Its olHcers are J. A. Col
lins, president" William T. Valentine,
vice-president; W. J. Robinson, secretary;
R. B. Tappan, treasurer; Arthur Jones,
A. Buum, W. W. Gogsiin and J. N. Beck
man, trustees. No one is eligible for mem
bership who cannot tip the scales at 200
pounds. All members are obligated to
eschew banting and ant:-fat.
Personal.
ALASJEDA, Cal., July 2.— Fred Ayers,
C. J. Pembroke and W. G. Hanson left to
day with their skiffs for StocKton, where
they will compete in the regatta on July 4.
A. C. Webb and Bullion follow to-morrow.
BULLOCK IS NOW
IN VICTORIA.
Deserted His Wife and
Family Eight Years
Ago.
HE HAS MARRIED AGAIN
The Dusty Warrant Based on
His Daughter's Testimony
May Be Servei.
LOST SIGHT OF MANY YEARS.
While Deacon of a Church at Hay
wards He Figured in a Big
Sensation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
I JOB Broadway, July 2. f
A. M. Bullock, who leit this city in a
great hurry eight years ago, has been
found at Victoria, B. C. There is a war
rant in the Sheriff's office for him and it is
not improbable that efforts may now be
made to serve it.
Several years ago Bullock was a very re
spected member of a church at Haywards.
He owned a ranch near that place and
was a prominent roan in the community.
One day the whole county was shocked
beyond measure at the story told to her
Sunday-school teacher by his daughter
Maud. For some time previous to the ex
pose it had been noticed that Bullock
had been acting in a very peculiar manner
toward his daughter. At that time Maude
was a handsome girl of 16, with a very at
tractive tigure and was one of the belles of
the county.
The stories of the father's con
duct toward the girl were told
to the authorities and a warrant was
■worn out for his arrest. Bullock evaded
justice and disappeared, and the warrant
was never served.
Sometime aeo the daughter of one of
his former neighbors went to Victoria
and by a strange chance her friends lived
next door to Bullock. The fugitive from
Alameda County did not recognize the
young lady, who was a girl when he left,
but the visitor at once recognized the ex
deacon, who is now in business.
"Mr. Bullock is married again," she
said on her return, "and has some chil
dren. He is in the insurance business and
seems to be a very busy man. From in
quiries made up there no one seems to
know anything of his past history.
"I learned that he married a very esti
mable young lady, who was only 17 years
of ace at the time of the marriage. She
was a regular attendant at the Methodist
Church, and it is believed that she knew
nothing of Bullock's doings in this county.
Knowing that he was a divorced man,
she had grave scruples about marrying
him. The law of Btitish Columbia re
garding divorces is very stringent. In no
case can divorced parlies remarry within
a year, and in some instances they may
not marry while their late partner in mat
rimony is alive.
"These matters sorely troubled Bul
lock's fiancee, but it is said he succeeded
in overcoming tlieru by producing a tele
gram which purported to show that his
ex-wife was dead."
A recent arrival from Victoria, who was
acquainted with Bullock at Haywards,
said Bullock is still an active church mem
ber and that they recently attended church
together.
Soon after Mr. Bullock's flight his wife
obtained a divorce. She is still living in
this county, having recently moved from
Haywards to Oakland. She has several
children, and has had a struggle to orinj;
them up, but sho has done it without any
help, and is a very independent woman.
People who have investigated the matter
believe that Bullock rendered himself
amenable to the divorce laws of British
Columbia by his second marriage. He is
now over 50 years of age, and old enough
to be the father of his present wife.
For many years no one knew what had
become of him, except that he had "gone
North." Interested parties are now de
bating whether to dv up that dusty war
rant and procure extradition papers or
whether to let the matter rest, out of re
gard for the feelings of the daughter, who
is now married to a highly respected man
in the employ of the Southern Pacific.
WATER FOR BERKELEY.
The Supp'y Greatly Increased by Two
. Wells Recently
Driven.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 2.— Two new ar
tesian wells have been developed in Wild
cat Canyon by the Alameda Water Com
pany. One gives a flow of 97,000 gallons a
day and the other 87,000. The combined
flow of the two wells constitutes an in
crease of 25 per cent in the volume of the
company's supply.
The company has been boring for water
for several months past and will continue
to do so in the hope of developing more
wells. It is said thnt the new wells will
enable the Alnmeda Water Company to j
supply ail of Berkeley with water, and it j
is anticipated that the Jong-agitated water !
question will reach a solution.
Death or 1,. !■:. White.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 2.— Lorenzo E.
White of Ellsworth street died yesterday i
at Cazadero, where he went some days ago i
for his health. Mr. White was ,\ native of j
Massachusetts, aped 67, and had lived in
California since '49. He had large lum
ber interests in various parts of California.
The body will be forwarded to Berkely to
morrow.
News Notes of Interest.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 2.— The Fourth
of July committee of Vallejo has issued
an invitation to citizens of Berkeley to
participate in its celebration next Satur
day.
The publishers of the Berkeleyan, the
University of California daily, are consiil- j
erinp the enlargement of the paper to '
eight pai;es. It was a four- pace paper last i
year. The High School weekly, Olla Podri- i
da, will be increased from eight to twelve
pages when next term begins.
A. S. Rhorer, who has been on a tour of
the State with his operetta. "The Bandit,"
in company with Alfred WilKie, has re
turned to Berkeley. He is now preparing
for another presentation of "The Bandit" !
in Shattuck Hall and for a farther tour of
California, after which he will join a New
York opera company.
Henry Sieuart, U. C. '93, has been ap- !
pointed instructor in political economy at
the Washington University, St. Louis.
The Rev. Mr. Pierce of the West Berke
ley If, E. Church is holding a series of re
-4\\ i ration &£*!*>&
ALLEN COWAN,
Auctioneer, 233 Sutter St., San Francisco.
WILL SELL ': THIS DAY (FRIDAY),
On the Premises,
913 POWELL STREET.
At 11 o'clock Sharp, Absolutely Without Reserve,
The Contents of a Finely 1 urnished
7- oom Flat,
Lately occnpielby DR. McCARGAR, consisting of :
Fine Parlor Furniture: Brussels Carpets: Portieres:
.Lace Curtnins and Bric-a-Brac: Kußravings; 1
pair. Genuine Bronze Figures, co*t Si!sO; 1 Up-
right Grand Hartmaii Piano, cost $400: Fine Bed-
room Furniture; Spring Beds; Curled-hair Mat-
tress's: Fine Bedding: Chiffoniers: Sideboard ;
.Dining-room and Kitchen Furniture complete;
Desk: Sewing-machine; Gas Stove. This is an
exceptionally fine furnished flat.
vival services in the Shattuck-avenue
church.
The Epworth League of the West Berke
ley M. E. Church gave a successful enter
tainment Wednesday night in Sisterna
Hall.
The Christian Endeavor Society of the
Park Congregational Church of Lorin has
elected the following officers: Albert
Wright, president; Grace Irwin, vice
president; Harry Irwin, treasurer; Ethel
Shores, secretary.
THE POSTAL CASE.
Both Sides Ready to Contest for Every
Point.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.— The attorneys
for Assessor Dalton have filed a demurrer
to the complaint of the Pacific Postal Tele
graph Cable Company, wherein the latter
seek to enjoin the Assessor from selling
their property for the personal property
tax. In granting the temporary restrain
ing oraer, Judce Ogden passed indirectly,
if not directly, upon the sufficiency of the
complaint, or at least that was the opinion
of the company's attorney. The demurrer
will be argued to-morrow.
Assessor Dalton, however, believes other
wise, but being dissatisfied with the man
ner in which District Attorney Snook
handled the case he secured these other
attorneys to represent him. The matter
is to be contested on every point by eacli
«ide.
At the MacDonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 2.-The sale of
seats for John Drew's engagement of three
nights at the MacDonough Theater is pro
gressing briskly at the box office, and num
erous orders are being received from the
surrounding towns and from San Fran
cisco. The engagement will open Tuesday
night next with "Christopher Jr.," and
Wednesday and Thursday nights "The
Squire of Dames" will be given. Tbe sale
indicates that theater parties will be num
erous, and tickets have already been
bought for several that will come across
the bay in honor of Messrs. Friedlander,
Gottlob & Co., the new lesse.s and man
agers of the MacDonough.
For the Exposition.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., July 2.— Craigie
Sharpe addressed the Board of Trade and
citizens here last evening on the coming
exposition in Oakland, and explained that
it was not a city affair, but one which
would be of great benefit to the whole
county in proportion to the use they made
of it in placing the products on exhibition.
The board manifested great interest in
the project, and at once passed resolutions
indorsing the fair, and promising all the
support possible in the shape of proper
exhibit from this vicinity.
COMING FIELD TRIALS,
Pointers and Setters Which Will
Meet Near Bakers
field
One of the Largest Entries the Field
Trial Club Has Ever
Received.
With the exception of ono year, the
largest entry of pointers and setters for
i the Pacific Coast field trials, which will be
! heid near Bakersh'eld in January, 1897,
J closed yesterday with Secretary Kilgariff.
As will be seen by the following list of
j canine notables, some of the highest bred
j and most aristocratic young dogs owned
! by sportsmen of the State will meet on the
i plains next year.
Among the entries received was a
j pointer dog named John Drew. It ap
i pears that poor old Drew died a few weeks
j a^o, but Frank Vail, who was the owner,
thought it would be a good joke on smilin %
Sara Hughes to enter the dog dead or
! alive. The entries are:
H. Payne's English setter Count Herold, T. J.
Watson's English s tter Flashlight, William
i Dormer's pointer Jim trow, George W. Slack's
I pointer Joe 8, J. F. Hughes' pointer Yum
! Bueno, A. F. Oolvin's pointer Speedy, J. C. Lu
cas' pointer Wieklow, C A. Haight's pointer
i Glenwoofl. Dr. F. W. Vowinekel's pointer Max,
I R. c. Irvine's pointer Chimmie Fadden, C. M.
j Barney's pointer Tod Roan, A. B. Truman's
; Irish setter Lady Swiveller, Dr. C. L. Brown
j inn's Irish setter Teal, C. L. Smith's setter
| Countess Rosev, Hermann Oelrlchs' English
| sever Doc H, Wyatt Allen's English setter Eli,
Hugh Hopkins' English setter Sadie Hopkins.
H. T. Payne's EiipiMi setter Queen of Counts.
William H. Bryan's Enelish setter Montezuma,
I John E. Reuyter's English setter Countess X,
I A. F. Louehboroufih's English setter Cocoa L,
| Dr. C. D. Brown's English setter No Name, T.
j J. Watson's English setter Roadfaster, R. J.
Wianey's pointer Don Grafnc, T. D. Black's
pointer Tonsy, Ralph Funk's English setter
Stambou)s Queen, Max Woerner's English set
ter Wurstei, Henry Keller's English setter
Fandaneo.W. C. Lester's English getter Monica,
J. H. Schumacher's English setter Beeswax,
Captain A. C. Jones' English setter March On.
William C. Tevis will also have an entry.
His charge is now in the keeping of
Trainer Dodge.
ORIGINAL MAPS.
Valuable records In the Recorder's
Office in a Contlitiou of In
security.
The Grand Jury Committee on Record
er's Office has sent a communication to the
Board of Supervisors stating that it founa
an an incident of its investigation about
fifty valuable original maps in a condition
of great insecurity and liable at any time
to be lost, mislaid or destroyed. The Grand
Jury believes that to protect the interests
of the City and its holders of real property
these maps should be copied and these
copies bound for reference and the orig
inals put In the vault for safe keeping. It
believes this to bs a matter of urgent ne
cessity.
•—• — • — • .
IN HONOR OF THE FOURTH.
Printers and Lithographers Who Would
Take a Long Uoliday.
The followine-named printers and Jitta
ographers have aianed a petition to close
their places of business from Friday even
ing, July 3, to Wednesday morning, July 8:
Uporse Pnaulding: & Co., 414 Clay street; C.
i W. Kevin & Co., 532 Commerehil ; F. 11. Abbott,
j 410 Sa-isome; Vaileau <fe Peterson, 410 San
i some; Frank Kastmnn <fc Co., 509 Clay; Stereit
Priming Company, s32 Cisv; Walter M. Brunt,
I 535 Clay; Upton Bros., 417 Montgomery; P. J.
I Thomas, 207 and 209 Sacramento; Bosqui En-
I graving and Printing Company, 523 Clay ;
UickmHn-Jones Company, 510 to 514Folsom;
Louis Roescli & Co.. 320 Sansorae; C. A. ilur
dock & Co., 532 Clay; The Union Lithograph
Company, 316 Sacramento; A. J. LearyCo.,
1 13 Davis; The Hicks-Judd Company, 23" First ;
I y.. A. JHnssen «fc Co., (536 ("i»y; Mort lU'pbnrn
i &. Co., 216 Sansome; 11. &. Clrocker & Co., 215
■ Bush; Schmidt Label and Lithograph Com
■pany, 17 Main.
■. • .
I The amount of money held by the va-
Irious London banks is not far short of
■£250,000,000.
THIS DAY AT 10:30 A. M.
No. 110 ELLIS ST., Nr. Powell,
....I WILL SELL....
ELEGANT FURNITURE,
CARPETS
MANTEL AND PIER MIRRORS
Contained in above 40-Roomed House.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery street.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
_; , THIS DAY.
Friday.............. .....July 3, 1890.
A. 10o'clo-kA. m. at .Salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
. . • • - WE WILL, BKU.
An F.lecant JVne of Furniture, Carpets, Office
Furniture, I.aco Curtains and Portieres, Stovei
and Ranges, Crockery and Glassware. ■
Also Stock of liestaurant.
UHAB. LEVY * (XX. Auctioneer*.
FAST ONES START AT NAPA
A Great List of Entries for the
Fair Which Opens on
July 6
W. Wtod and Waldo J in the Free
for-AU Pace— The Runners to
Have an Irnn?.
The programme for the fair of the Napa
Agricultural Association which opens in
the gem city of the Napa Valley on Mon
day, July 6, shows a grand list of entries,
and with its spiendid track Napa will be
surpassed by none of the other towns on
the circuit this year. As the week begin
ning July 13 is unclaimed by any other
association, two extra days of racing will
be given. On these extra days it is the in
tention to give purses for members of the
running horse bricade which will cer
tainly be a big attraction. The following
list of entries show the excellent class of
sport in prospect for visitors to the 'air:
Monday, July 6—2:40 class, trotting, all
uses, purse $700: P. B. Stephenson enters
Peter Jackson; C. A. Durftjo, Teheran; D. E.
Knight, Silver Queen; La Siesta ranch, b. g.
Jeffe: J. Cummiugp, sr. k. Ludwick; H. Schlos
seu, b. s. Clay S; A. U. Gurnett, b. m. Solo; E.
J. Weldon, b. g. Faro Bank ; I. T. Borden, b. h.
Fay; Palo Alto stock farm, b. c. Hunyadi; D.
J. McCarty, b. h. Joe Nolan; C. C. Mazon, b. s.
Addison; Sherman Brothers, b. s. Niece; (.'. h.
Clord, b. sr. Athavis; J.G. Curcello, b. m. Nellie
S; F. W, Wadham, b. m. Johanne Treat; J. Mc-
Intosh, b. J. Alias.
2:25 class, pace, all ages, $700 — M. Wright
enters c. m. Gladys W; C. A. Durfee, b. s. War
spite; J. A. Vanderpool, b. s. Resort; W. B.
Warner, b. g. F. \V.; La Siesta ranch, eh. g.
Promise Me; R. R. Beard, Nick o' Time; S. B.
Spurgeou, s. m. Lizzie E; H. Olsen, b. s. Prince
Bismarck; James Mack, b. g. Ben L; M. O.
Reilly, b. h. Senator; F. B. Clark, May SuU
ford: W, W. Whitney, b. g. Sam H.
Tuesday, July 7—2:24 class, trotting, all
apes, $700: D. E. Knight eiiters sr. g. King of
the Rinp; W. R. Overholser, eh. s. Oaknut;
F. W. Loeber a b. s. Graudissimo; Palo Alto, S.
F.,b. m. Athena; Weathers & Lowery, b. m.
Letter B; H. S. Ilogoboom, b. m. Humboldt
Maid; C. W. Rogers, b. m. Los Angeles; K«lge
mont Park, b. m. Gallette; C. A. Durfee, b. g.
Medico; N. S. Learby, b. g. Leader; J. B. Iver
6on, br. g. Prince Gift.
2:27 class, trotting, three-year-olds, $500—
W. S. Spoor enters slabel Kinney; La Siesta
ranch, b. s. WilUroo; Vendome S. F., b. g.
Claudius; I'alo Alto B. F. br. c. Local: Oak
wood Park S. F. bl. f. Derby Liss; M. S. Sever
ance, b. c. Don Roberto: J. B. Iverson. br. g.
Prince Gift.
Wednesday, July 8—2:40 class, trotting, two
year-o'.ds, $400: D. E. Knight enters sr. p.
Lynill; Palo Alto S. X., b. c. Ellert; Palo Ato
S. F. b. f. Nordeau; Oakwood Park S. F., b. h.
Owynee; C. E. Clord, b. f. Letter Lilac; C. Smi
ley, b. m. Lady L; D. B. McFadden, Highland
Lad; D. I!. Slei>heuson, Central Girl.
2:15 class, trotting, all ages, purse $1000—
Park Hensliaw enters br. g. chico; J. A. Per
kins, b. g. Jasrer Avers; G. Pierane. b. m.
Maria P; J. M. Nelson, eh. g. Shvlock; Tuttle
Bros., b. s. Stain B; C. W. Rogers, b. s. Native
State; C. E. Clord, br. g. Toggles.
Thursday, July 9 — District two-year-old trot,
3:00 class, $300: W. D. Munger enters b. f.
Paletta Munger; F. W. Loeber, b. f. Princess
Rowena; W. Maslin, b. g. "Attraction: P. C.
Lynch, b. h. Hank; Sherman Bros., sr. f. Briar
Bud.
District three-year-old trot, 3:00 class. $400—
R. Jordan Jr. enters Fanadina; F. Rochford,
b. c. Xapa Prince; J. Gamble, sr. f. Lucelle; J.
Pmrringtoß. sr. f. Granville; F. W. Loeber, eh.
f. Princess Whippleton ; Tom Smith, b. c. Sweet
Rosey; Judson James, b. c. J J.
2:40 class, pace, all ages, $700— A. J. Bacon,
b. m. Cresendo; D. B. Stephenson, Benard ; N.
S. Heddio, Bonnie Bell«; D. E. Fortin, Adele;
C. A. Dm fee, b. s. Warspite; J. Moorhead, br.
h. Meridian; I). E. Knight, b. in. Cora C; T. J.
Crowley, d. m. Kate H; G. McDonald, b. g. Jim
Budd; Ira Pierco, bl. m. Floraliue; F. M. Day,
eh. s. Dictatus; William Bibler, b. m. Jennie
Flood; S. E. Starkweather, b. g. Strathmont;
Oakwood ParkS. F., eh. m. Christabell; James
Mack, b. g. Ben L; P. W. Hodges, Sindwood; J.
Penano, c. s. Alto Jenoa.
FridayjfJuly 10—2-30 class, trotting, all
ages, pjwies7oo: C. A. Durfee enters Medico;
D. E. Knight, b. m. Patti Rosa; La Siesta
iaucn, b. g. Jeffe; Vendome S. F., b. s. Aggre
gate; H. ScMosseu, b. s. Clay S; I. T. Borden,
sr. m. Fay; D. J. McCarty, b. h. Joe Nolan; N.
S. Learby, b. g. Lender; E. W. Smith, br. h.
Auditor; I). H. Gleason, b. m. Twilight; P. P.
Chamberlain, L>. h. Leonet; C. E. Clord, b. s.
Ho me word.
I 2:12 class, pace, all ages, $1000— S. H. Hoy
| enters b. s. Hanford Medium; T. P. Mon, b. m.
Ruby M; C. C. Mason, b. g. Golden West; Oak
wood Park S. F., b. m. Javilin; D. R. Misner,
b. g. Plunket; Agnew, S. P., bl. g. Loupe.
Saturday, July 11—2:19 class, trotting, all
agos. pane $1000: D. B. Stevenson euterg
Nutwood Wilkes; C. A. Hug, br. m. Charivari;
F. W. Loeber, b. m. Myrtle Thome; Ira Rams
dell, Prince Ira: W.P. Fuller, eh. g. Fitzsim
mons; Park Henshaw, b. m. Mamie Griffin ; E.
T. Breen, b. s. Gilpatrick; Ira Pierce, b. s. Elec
tra; Palo Alto S. F., b. m. Helena; D. J. Mc-
Carty, b. f. Carrie C; Tom Smith, b. m. Stella;
W. 11. Lumsdcn, Robin.
•2:18 class pace, all ages, $1000— W. B.
Wurner enters b. g. FW; La Siesta ranch, eh.
g. Promise Me; S. P. Tate, b. m. Estei Wilkes;
1. L. Borden. b. m. Allie Cresco; A. Hobbles,
eh. g. Our Boy; P. W. Hodees, Sindwood; 1.
J. Crowley, b. g. Ed Lafferty; P. L. Nash,
Colonel Benton.
Free-ior-all pace, $1000— D. Mini enter* b. s.
Bay wood; Oakwood Park stock farm, b. g.
W. Wood; James Mack, g. g. Waldo J; J.
Willlts, b. s. Silkwood.
C. L. La Rue, President
Edw. S. bell, Secretary.
THE CATHOLIC UNION.
It Will Celebrate Indepmulence Day
To-Xiglit at Meiropolitnn Temple.
A patriotic demonstration celebrating
Independence day will be held in Metro
politan Temple this evening under the
auspices of the Young Men's Catholic
Union. The doors will be opened at 7
o'clock.
Tickets may be procured at the box
office at Metropolitan Temple at any
time.
Tne following programme will be car
ried out :
Organ prelude, Professor R. J. Harrison;
president of the evening, Hon. J. F. Sullivan;
soprano solo, "Star-spangled Banner. ' Miss
Katherine M. Bines; readin? of the Declara
tion of Independence, Benjamin L. McKinley;
bass solo, "The SworcS of Bunker Hill," G. V.
Wood; Drake's "Address to the Flag," Frank
T. Shea; eotnr.'ilto solo, "Columbia, the Gem of
the Ocean," Miss Nellie Gallagher; original
poem, Chhrk's D. South; tenor solo, "Let Ma
Like-a Soidier Full,"' David Munlloyd; trom
bone solo, F. K. Tobin; quartet, '-Tne Red,
White and Blue," Miss Katherine M. Black,
Miss Nellie GalUgher, David Manlloyd, Q. V.
Wood; oration, Rev. Joseph F. Byrne.
The British Museum receives an average
annual installment of 250,000 newspapers.
' _ __ "„■-■" ■■■-•■■■
•*^W Br .jGfibboh's Dispensary,
to <*!&&s& *»—•"» KIIAKXV ST. Estiiblished
S3 * f^ JLea in I S3 * for tho treatment of Private
aßr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»25KKAnxrST. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment of Private
Dhensfs, Lost Jlan hood. Debility or
qfi | |>PH disease weariaßon bodyand mind
•« iSHJ^Sa Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. -Try him. Charges low.
g^MffffißSaaf *•«•<!. Callorwrite
l»r. J. r. ulliBOX. Box 1937. Saa Francisco.
1314
AMATEURS AT THE REINS
Marguerite Won the Race for
Members of the Alameda
Driving Club.
SHE OUTCLASSED HER FIELD.
The 2:17 Trot Was Captured by Bruno,
Who Beat His Company in
Straight Heats.
The card for the trotting matinee at In
gleside ye&terday was formed of two
events — a special race for trotters and
pacers owned exclusively by members of
the Alameda Driving Club, to be driven
by their owners, for a purse of $200, and a
$1000 purse for trotters in the 2:17 class.
Tne special pacing event had to be de
clared off for lack of entries. The sport
was very commonplace and the crowd
never grew boisterous in their enthusiasm
over the finishes, none of which were of
the hair-stiffening order. The number of
bookmakers was increased by one, making
three firma now laying odds, and they did
a fairly remunerative business.
Of the original six entries for the gen
tlemen's race, which was best two in three
beats, all responded to the tap of the bell
but Count. In the auction betting Clay H
held sway, going lor $10 against $7 for the
field and *$3 for Don.
The boots laid 5 to 1 against Marguerite
winning the first heat, and this caught the
insiders' fancy, for she was played down
to even money. It proved a cakewalK for
the latter, for she led all the way, pacing
under the wire three lengths in front of
Clay Hin 2:29. The black mare now sold
for $10 with the entire field going for $7.
The second and deciding heat was a repe
tition of the first, Marguerite again head
ing Clay H out in 2:26J£. Mr. McMahon,
her owner, showed himself an adept with
tne ribbons.
The well-known and popular Salinas
horseman, Cherry Hebert, started in the
season well by pulling down the purse for
the 2:17 trot with his bay horse Bruno,
who was cleverly handled by "Jimmy"
Dwain and trotted like a Diece of machinery
in the three straight heats that he placed
to his credit.
The opening betting on this event
showed the market to be a trifle feverish,
the field selling favorite at $20, Margaret
Worth bringing $10 and the field $11.
There was considerable tedious scoring
before McNair finally said "go." Bruno,
drawing the pole, led throughout and,
traveling without a skip, placed the heat
to his credit in 2:19%. with George Wash
ini'ton, who bad been the contending
horse throughout, a good second. After
this decisive win the betting was Bruno
$10, Fitzsimmons $5. the field $5, and the
Eastern horse, Freeland, bringing $4. The
next heat was a repetition of the first,
Bruno and George Washington having it
to themselves from the word. Bruno
always had the foot on George, and led
him out three lengths at the stand in
2:lt*%. It looked all over now, and the
Fresno horse sold against the field at the
rate of $10 against $5. Although it looked
as the stretch was reached as if Freeland
was going to be a dangerous contender, he
could never get closer than three lengths
to Bruno, who placed the heat and race to
his credit in 2:l9J£. Fitzsimmons was
third in this heat, nipping George Wash
ington out at the wire.
Special— Trotters and pacers: Members' Alameda
Driving Ciub, owners io drive: purse *200, 2 id 3.
Marguerite (pa.er), bik. m., by Western— by
ltustic (McMahon) 1 \
Clay H, b. h., by Kedwood— by Sherman
(Thwaits) 2 2
Moraira. g. g., by Crisco (Moreal) 3 8
Don, b. K-. by Tcm Payne iHlgby) 4 4
Amazon (pacer), b. m., by Charles Derby— by
Rustic (Baius) 5d
Time, 2:29-2:26%.
Trotting, 2:17 class: purse SIOOO. 3 in 6.
Bruno, b. s., by Junlo — by Mozart (Dwain).. 11l
George Washington, b. s., by Mambrino
Ch.ef (Smith) 2 2 4
Freeland, b. g., by Alfonso (Monto and Sul
livan) 4 3 2
Fitzsimiuons. eh. g., by Dexter Prince (Laf
ferty) 3 4 3
Jasper Paulson, blk. g., by Wlldnut (Chip
pen) 6dis
Margaret Worth, s. m., by Alex Button
(Franklin) 6dls
Lady ThornhilL b. m., by Billy Thornhlll
(McDonald) 7dls
Time, 2:1984— 2:188,4— 2:19%.
NOTES.
Margaret Worth, Lady Thornhill and
Jasper Paulson were all distanced in the
second heat of the 2:17 trot.
F. W. Loeber and Mr. Winship, two
prominent Napa horsemen, were specta
tors at the track yesterday. Mr. Winship
is a director of the Napa Agricultural So
ciety and Mr. Loeber is well known over
the circuit as the owner of the stallion
Granaissin.o.
Fitzsimmons was well fancied by his
stable, but was very unsteady in the differ
ent heats trotted.
Freeland is owned by a wealthy East
erner, who has been using htm for a road
ster the past winter in California. He
will be shipped East in the near future.
Sullivan was subioituted in the sulky be
hind him in place of Monto in the third
heat of the trot, but it made but slight
difference in his showing.
Following is tbe card for to-day:
Trotting stakes for two-year-olds, $250 added
— Owyhee, b. h., entered by Oakwood Park
stock farm; Lottie Lilac, b. f., C. E.Clark-
Lynall, s. g., D. E. Knight; Central Girl, b f '
D. B. Stephenson; EUert, br. c, Palo Alto stock
farm; Xordeau. b. f., Palo Alto stock farm-
Hißhland Lad, b. c, P. W. Hodges.
2:10 class, trotting, purse $ 1000— Jerare, d.
m., entered by San Mateo stock farm; Athovis
br. g., C. E. Clark; Millie L. b. m., Thomas
Smith; Jeffe, br. g., La Siesta ranch; Silver
Queen, b. m., D. E. Knight: Clay B, b. 8.
Denuis Gannon; Peter Jackson, br! 8., D B
Stephenson; Joe Nolan, b. h.. D. J. McCarty
Fero Bank, b. g., E. J. Weldon; Hunyadl, b. c!
Palo Alto stock farm; Alias, b. f., John Mc-
Intosh; Johanna Treat, blk. m., P. W. Hodges
Third nice— Special race for the 2:12 class-
Javelin, b. m., entered by Oakwood Park stock
farm; Ruby M, b. m., James Sullivan; Plun
kett, b. g., Dan Misner.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E. V. and Helen Lonigo to Bewail Dolliver, lot
on fc line of Spruce street. 100 S of Washington. 8
27:8%. E 11/2:6, N 26, W 50, N 2:6 V*. W 62:6:
$ 10<
Edwin Goeller to Fannie Goeller, lot on W line
of Shrader street, 150 N of Page, X 25 by W
112:6: gltu
John and Luna Biierlen to Mabel Moulton, lot on
E « 1 L De 5 f ,V l . l ?' 1 ! 7l0 treet ' 2 1:6 Nof Frederick, M
26 by X 10b:S; $10.
Sadie Hill to Truman L. Hill, lot on 8 line of
Clinton Park. 140 W of Guerrero street, W 2«
S 110, is 32:6, N 6, W 10, N 105- $300. '
.A. J. and bailie Carmany, B. D. and Nellie C
Lawrie to Peter Mabee, lot on X line of Stevenson
street, 85 Hof Twentieth, K22by li 76- $j usou
Peter Mabee to Clarissa E. Mitchell, 'same; $10
J. E. and Susan A. Loomer to >. H. Harmon
Lumber Company, lot on X line of Army street.
74 :10 Eof Dolores, N 76, E 70. 8 38, 8W to Army,
. Joseph G. and . Mary A. Deming to Oscar Foss
lot on NE corner of Dm mm and Commercial
streets, B 50 by N 69:9: $10.
• Patrick W. Kiordan .o John F. Nugent, lot on
W corner of Howard and First streets, N W 26 by
W 80; $10. aa^ffft^iflfftfWH|ftff a ffpHflrTTEPttCTiKll T ~
. Charles H. Burr (executor of the estate of El en
Hines) to Michael Howlett. lot on HE line of Na
tomastreet, 226 NE of <Sixth, NE 25 by SjiS 76;
9350 0*
William and Abraham Wolfe and Moll le Levy
to Elizabeth R. Buswell. lot. on NE line of Raasch
street, 125 !J\V of Foisom, NW 26 by NE 112;
■ Real Estate and Development : Company to
Noah Swanson, lot on E line of De Haro street
125 N of Twenty-third (Nevada), N 26 by E 100
-grant.
Merchants' and Clerks' Land Association to
Charles S. Ives. re-record of 1361 deed 158 1447
deed 163. 1666 deed 133, lot on E line of sixth
avenue, 125 N of Clement street, E 120 by N 75; ;
i John and . Margaret L. McCrea to Maria E
Soares, lot on W line of Fifth avenue. 200 8 of
Clement street. S 26 by W 120: $10. - .
Elizabeth Bensoa to Eliza Scheer, lot on NE
corner of Point Lobos ana Twenty-fourth avenue*
X 1 60 by N 1 :U) ; $J 0.
•WUlis A Clinch to Mlnora 8. Kibbe.lot on W
line of Forty-first avenue, of R street, 8 »6-9
NW 240:6. N 3d :9, E 120, N 50. E 120; $10.
H. N. and C. A. JUeppe and J. K. Dunham to Ben I
B. Haskell, all of lots 612 and 614. Gift Map 2;
910.
Benß. Haskell to John A. Taylor and E. T. Has
kell. undivided half of same; grant.
Niels Rasmnssen to Christian Mvane, lot on W
line of Siegel street, H2B sof Blame, S 25 by W 70,
lot 413, Gift Map 1; SlO.
PbcebeA. Wilson to Joseph Aschwander and
F, ZurHuli. lot;on NE corner of Edinburgh and
Brazil avenues, N 60 by X 200, block 47. F.xcel
slor Homestead, subject to a mortgage; $1325.
Charles Sutro to Bridget Driscoll, lot on N line
of Persia avenue, 133:6 E of Mission street and
160 Eof new line, E 26 by N- 100, Excelsior
Homestead: 910.
Rudolph Ruckwardt to William M. Doyle, lot on
N line of Palmetto avenue. 130 H of Capitol street,
N 160, E 60, S 3b. W 27, 8 114, W 33, Railroad
Homestead, subject to a mortgage ; f 10.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
Kittle A. Purdy to Elvira M. and A. V. Barba
gelata, lot on E line of Telegraph avenue prior to
widening, 100 Xof Hawthorne, N 50 by E 125,
being lot 12, Buena Vista Homestead, Oakland:
$10.
John Clark to Bridget Callaghan, all property
lying in block bounded by Alice, Jackson, Third
and Fourth streets: also all other real and per
sonal property, whersoever situated, Oakland;
gitt.
Eliza M. Reed and L. R. Watson to William J.
Reed, lot on N line of Eleventh street, 30 E of
Brush, E 36 by N 100, being portion of lot* 1 to 4,
block IS 3. Oakland: 810.
M. J. Johnston to Fred E. Knowles. lot beginning
126 W from Market street and 219:10 S from
Railroad avenue, S 43, W 29 57, N 44, E 25, to
beginning, block 483. Oakland: $10.
RoMelle S. and B. C Robertson et al. (by com
missioner) td Oakland Bank of savings, lot on
W corner of East Twenty-second street and
Twenty-fourth avenue, sW 76 by NW 118, block
G, subdivision 50 Associates' Tract, East Oak
land: $2282.
S. C. and Isabel O. Blgelow to Myron T. Hol
comb, lot on NW line of Howe street. 125 8W of
Amethyst, NW 190:8, SW 60:8, SE 181:1, NE 60
to beginning, being lots 5 and 6, block C. Thermal
Hill, formerly Howe Tract, Oakland Township:
also lot on SE line of Howe street, 200 NE of
Johu, NE 50 by SE 126. being the NE 10 feet of
lot 27 and all of lot 26 and SW 10 feet of lot 25,
block L, same tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Myron T. and Marion B. Holcombto M Queeney,
lot on NW line of Howe street, 125 8W of Ame
thyst.NW 190: aSW 60:8. SE 181:1,|NE 60 to
beginning, being lots 5 and 6, same, Oakland
Township: $10.
Same to Soren N. Borensen, lot on SE line of
Howe street, 200 NX of John. NE 60 by SK 125,
being the NE 10 feet of lot 27, all of lot 26 and
8W 10 feet of lot 26, block L, same, Oakland
Township: $10.
C. L. and Mary Sturm to J. F. Meyer, lot on N W
line of Howe street, 30 sW of Booth, SW 30 by
N W 125, being lot 9, block D, same tract, Oakland
Township; $10.
Same to Mari Meyer, lot on the N W line of Howe
street, 90 SW of Booth, SW' 30 by NW 125, being
lot 7, block D, same tract. Oakland Township;
C. D. and Grace L. Vincent to Charles A. Con
nitt, lot on tbe SK «orner of ColDy avenue and I
Sharon street, E ISO by S 150, being lots 7 to 13,
block D, Revised Map of C'laremoiit-avenue Tract,
Oakland Township: $1500.
A. A. Fink and Thomas and Ada G raber to Sam
uel S. Foster, lot on tbe N line of Delaware street
105 W of Ninth, W 60 by N 100. being lot 16.
block 63, Tract B, Berkeley L. and T. I. Associa
tion, Berkeley; $10.
Kathe and Joseph Goldateiu to George Kannann
and Henry Mater, lot on NW line of Jones
avenue, '.'64.32 NE of Sunnyside street, NE
294.32 by NW 266, being lot 6, block 33, Warner
Tract. Brooklyn TownshiD; $'2uoo.
Beulah Park Camp Meeting Association (a cor
poration) to C. N. Crittenton and A. W. Dennett,
101 198, block M, lot 323. block W, Man of Buelah
Park Camp Meeting Association, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
W. F. and Marie E. Aram to C. E. Moser. lots
18 and 19, block S. Amended Map Mass Tract '
Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. . and Martha A. Linderman to George A. !
Taylor, lot on W line of Park avenue. 257:8 N or
San Jose, N 50, W 126:4. S 50, E 126:5 to DPRin- !
ning, being lot A, block 12, Alameda Park Home
stead, Alameda; $10.
William Reed to Thomas E. Knox and A. J. i
Crapo, lots 4, 5 and 6, block 35, Map of Northern
Addition to Town of Llvermore, Murray Town- :
ship; $10.
Alice R. and Arthur G. Pratt to Frederick Ma- j
rolf. lot on s line of Joy street, 300 B of Canning. !
E 50, S 200, W 100. N 100, X 60, N 100 to begin
ning, being lots 17 to 20, block I. Resubdivision of ■
portion of Roberts 4 Wolf.iklil Tract, Oakland
Township: $10.
Bnilders 1 Contracts.
Henrtch Albert with August Norrlln, to erect a
one-story frame cottage on s\V corner Worth street
and Ocean House road; $2200; August Nordin
architect.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Hersman. San Martin J P O'Brien, San Andreas
J seadler. Sacto Mrs Dana, santa Rosa
W i Tlsson A. w, Peoria R C Brower* w Cal
J Knott. Kngland J Cunningham. Sacto
G A Buckman, Saeto E Carnher, Sacto
T W Mtyer <t f.Aiameda B Morrison. Cal
T O Mason, Lake Co B T McCullough. Cal
H A Mason. Boston Miss Mason, Boston
Mrs M»son, Boston J Morse & w. Phoenix
S Reynolds, Kansas W B liood, Santa Rosa
W C Nokwase. Carson G A Packard, Bostou
MissFarnsworth.;.osAng M rsGurnsey &c.lx)s Ann
Mrs Irvine, Arizona C L Clark, Redlands
Mrs Hayes, Cal Mrs T Flint. San Juan
Mrs .Mien. Sacto J E Rawlins. Hanford
Miss McMorry, Sacto E Harrow. Auckland
EBFoote, NY A C McGubrev, Sydney
D R Prince, Fresno W A Davis <t B ; cal
G A Chapman, N Zealand R W snort. New Zealand
S X Dougherty. S Rosa R Price, Sacto
JB Renter, Chicago T R Forbes, Los Angeles
W A Hayne Jr,S Barbara J H I'.urham, L Angeles
W R Jacobs, Napa R ( ottln. Whittier
E H Winshlp. Napa J Spplney. Fresno
F W Loeber, St Helena H E TwiicnHl&.Huntley
M Carter, Irvlngton H Bellson, Minnesota
T O George, Colusa J E Baker & w, Alameda
R A Cody. Colusa J B Eckfeld. Philadelphia
H Starr. Sacramento r; 0 Holherton. Oakland
M Lei nerd, Sacramento MissKßHolcomb.S Louis
S W Collins, Palo Alto W Bruce, Chicago
b F Loughborough, N V R W Lemme, Bt Helena
H J Templeton. Chicago C Lemme. kit Helena
T Patterson <fe w, Cal J Lemme. st Helena
J T Green. Pennsylvania J A Hnrding*w.s Rafael
M Michael, Woodland H P Nye, San Diego
PALACE HOTEL.
A E Smith, Watson ville W J Van Pelt N V
Mrs A X Smith, Cal Rowland Keed \" V
R A Parker, Boston W 1 Solomon. N V
Mrs C L Rogers, St Louis Mrs R Mason, St Louli
W B Flint, NY R J chapman. Oakland
C A Roberts, Oakland F s Odel). MountVernon
P. J Sf'il y ,' I<os Ang Mrs R s Cal
Mrs W B Wilson, Cal F II (. urtis, London
A Rider. London H Fisher, Bengal
C M Terry, NY R X smith, London
Miss Kennedy, Scotland Miss A Kennedy, Sctlnd
C H Brown, Scotland W Scheinkendefick \ V
8 Hovt, NY J h Claj-. Brooklyn
T E smith, Brooklyn W B Jones, Boston
X W Janson, London Annie Whetmore Cal
B Whetmore. Pasadena W T Smith, Neve'da
C S Knight, Fort Wayne J C Schulte, LonlsvlUe
J M \\e:U, st Louis Z 1 t«rt, Boston
J Shinesey, England W A somerset, Englanl
W s stm, Chicago Mrs Staples, San Jose
A (i tireenshields. Scotld SC Walker. Tacoma
Dr C T Jlebcett. U8 N B U stelnman, Sacto
i H schpnck, N V Hon A E Philips, line
Max Engel, Ouatomala C ltehlein. st James
D Oppenhelmer, NY c H >kidmore, N V
RL'SS HOfSK.
J Bell & w. Denver J Chambers, Petrolla
J Fletcher, Portland C M Boms. Ireland
E Young. Hanford J Johnson, Holltster
J J Pearce, Highland Sps D W Harve, Colo
W E Ward, san Jose J a Fraser, i'enver
M A Gili, Sacto Miss P Coles, scranton
H Lages, Sacto X Darling, Chicago
C A Shorupsere, S Jose \\ schotleld <k wealw cal
Miss M schoHeld, Cal W A Kchofield Cal
D W Smith, Fresno a B Trantume, Fresno
J L Lowrey, Fresno F T Brown. Windsor
W A Bosquius, L Ang W 8 Luriy, 8 Maria
C W Harvey. Colo V H Ryan. Kure^a
H Baker, Santa Rosa J LuedKi, Healdsbure
J C Heald, sau Jose W Bascon, Lodi
H ureer, Sacto j B >umn M , Detroit
O McEllen. Fresno F D Frasler, Siskiyou
C Cevarimio. Mont 8 Liscf, Mont
J D Wadsworth, S Rosa T li Gardner, Corralitlo
X E Donohoe, l klab E L Green. Sacto
H. i< zanders, William L G Bunnell, cal
B H White, 111 h bean & w, iieno
M R Keller, Denver
LICK' HOUSE.
£?,? f^'S"^ 1 v" Jose A B Jackson, Plymouth
M Rudolph, NY R F Allen, Oakland
C 1' Cone, Fortuna A Macintosh Cal
II EasMnghouse, 8 Louis F Carpenter, Providence
A Williams, Providence X Foster A w Ventura
X Hoag A w, Pescadero A W Jones Jr, Monterey
A Gonzales, Oonzales LGuuaelflnger <fe w Cal
Li Kins. At, Frenso L A Robertson, Cal
B Townseiid, Palo Alto A Camlnettl, Jackson
H C Nasb, Palo Alto • Wm sexton, San Jose
T B Bond. Lake Park X J Kently, Sacramento
G Beciclnguam, Seattle Mrs s C Bowman, Cal
T M Todd, Auburn A B Jackson Plymouth
Alex G Haws, Cal Aaron Dowd, Monterev
W B Clash, Oakland , Ed Thomas, Oakland
Miss C Walker, Han Jose Miss A Connelly, s Jose
Mrs H Newman, B Lake Mr » w Dlnwood, 8 Lake
«. rs J^, Wynes> h Lake M " L A hltehurst, Cal
MlssN Wnitehurst, Cal Lerov Frazier, Monterey
J M Davis, St Louis T X Gay, Newark, N J
C Vincent. Fresno Mrs McCawly, Forest La
Mrs A■ \ aleniin, Arno R J coke &w. Coos Bay
" J Clinton A w, Or Miss H H Nichols. Or
A L Hawks, Tuscon.Wis Mis* N Waddell. Tuscon
A U Berr, San Jose J C Crome, Portland
Baldwin hotel. '■'
J Foley Aw, Oakland Mrs M Lane, Oakland
S Vandyke, NY • J Kodgers, Santa Rosa
T Tenllno. Santa Rosa W Lamsden, Santa Rosa
X Brown, Petaluma E Brandon, Petaluma
JNVlllams, Petaluma SHonigsberg, Alameda
2 i erZ * NY «. , w Adams, St Louis
Mtoey Aw, Oaklana Mrs Dunn, Montana
Mrs suidan, Montana J Simpson &w, s Mateo
Mrs Matherson. Belvdre W Russell, Sacramento
F Winter A w, Alameda Miss Coghian, N V
> James, Seattle F Smith, sea' tie
Mrs Smith. Seattle ; F Johnson, Portland
W H Bry mor, NY 1 o Cress, U 8 N
i/\ tt H -5r5 rt a - j* au '" lll "> £ J MtConnell. U S N
Wls McDonald, Napa W B Ranltln. L Gatos
AS Green. Santa Monica Miss Harding, S Diego
Mrs Blake, San Diego  It T C.eavlnger, Chi*
? I ■> hh * pm | 111 - ? an Jose GM »g!UvacSa&wf.Npa
A P Ray. Cleveland Miss R Scott, Ohio
F A Cotton, ValleJo Miss O Miller, N V
H L Jamson. St Paul G Mulligan. Seattle
A J Moore & wt El Paso R Gordon, El Paso
H'Sl 88 i A e?ToKd Paßo H L WO ° a '> Demin *
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W McDonald Aw. Cal J X Sutton, Buffalo
W Douglas. Los An 8 Josly A m Col. Sprgs
11 Yunker. Mare Island: J Ober, Soleiad P 8
J F Smith, Brentwood T Moron, Philadelphia
O Wilson. Kio Vista E D Hunter Livingston
AHanke, .New York R Jams, Ch-cat-o
i^^m" 111 *° «n« n ' , H Huff arid w! *«. Bouldln
R J Billings As, Mrshltn «: 1- AttleOury. San Mateo
Wm Douglas, Lo« An W Herbert A d O ( a a \ ja * teo
O Wilson. Rio Vista . J Watson, out
I W Bowie, Ont J Keith, Tory
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call~
710 Market street, open nntU 12 o'clock everj
eight In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, op«n until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, epei
tntil 9 o'clock.
8618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ntath street, open unfa 9:80 o'clock.
NOTICE OF aiEETINUs.
|T^=» YERBA :BUENA LODGE OF
m^Sr Perfection No. I.— Stated meeting "a 1
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. July 3, at A
8 o'clock.
GEO. J. HOBK. Secretary. **&&?
GERMANIA LuDGE x7il6 vj»Uiv^
s*-*' I. O. «>. The funeral com-^Sfc^
mlttee, officers and members of above '^?*C22^^
lodge are Invited to attend the funeral ' < ?/in^-
of our brother, D. WOEhNER. FRIDAY, July 3,
trum O. F. Hall, at 1 p. m. sharp.
H. WEHSER, N. Q.
E. Nikmeieb, Secretary.
WESS* REGULAR MEETING OF v C 7
"-^ the Caledonian Club, FRIDAY I* HJn
EVENING, July 3, at 8 o'clock. . It Is siLXvjf
important that every member should be *•££>%
present. Business of special importance will be
brought forward. Scottish Hall, 111 Larkin su
' D. R. McNKILL, Chief.
James H. Duncan, Secretary.
Vtss~> GREATEST ATHLETIC . ryT
*-*' gathering of the season: 93000 in £Mjn
prizes. San Francisco Scottish Thistle y&JL&
Club will hold their fourteenth annual ''c^sMfc
gathering and games at Shell Mound Park, SAT-
URDAY, July 4. A programme has been pre-
pared which has seldom, if ever, been excelled by
this or any club on the coast; valuable medals and
cash prizes for all the events; Scottish games and
Scottish dancing will be the main feature of the
gathering, Interspersed with hornpipe, Irish reel
and jig contests; football, dribbling, obstruction
races, hurdle suck races, bicycle races, etc. ; High-
land pipers and a Highland welcome at Shell
Mound, July 4. Buy tickets for Shell Mound.
Admission to park, adults, 50 cents; children, 25
cents. 1 GAMES COMMITTEE.
ryANNCAL MEETING IMPROV-
*»*' ed Order of Red Men's Hall Ahho-^WL^Nw-
elation of San Francisco.— 'l he annual X^,^^.
meeting of the stockholders of the Improved order
of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
will 03 held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
1896. at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
320 Post su, for the election of a board of trustees
or directors and such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSSELYN, President.
Wrxi.iAM J. Smith. Secretary.
I K^]S= THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
Bfr-^ stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company, for Ihe election of directors for the en-
suing year and for the transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
will be held a. the company's office, 2-9 Steven-
son sU, San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
day of July, 1896, at 10 a. M. Transfer books
will close July 3, at sp. m. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
J. E. GREEN, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j^»^NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN^THAT
»**' the Maria KlpOrphannge of 638 Folsom St.,
«an Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following
I orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls flora
I April 1 to July 1, 1896: Mary Margaret Lrons,
: aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, aged 3 reals; M «nd
; Maria York, aged 7 years; Hatile Kline, aged 12
years: Jessie Tavior, aged 6 years: Florence
Josephs, aged 6 years: Beulab Josephs, aged 4
years; Alice C. Laulau, aged 2 years; Olga Maria
; mndberg. aged 3 years.
I rS= NOTICE —A. J. MEADOWS IS NOT
i »--*' connected with Raver's law Collection
I office from this date. J. J. raUKR.
! _P3§r» ALL PERSONS HAVING SERVED AS
I ■r-*' jurors in criminal cases will find it to their
: interest to < all at room 18, 230 Montgomery sU
1 J. P. DA ME RON.
! t^K" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 94;
; •»*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 5580.
Jt^S» ABANDONED CHILDREN IN sfl
i i*-** Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
I nary 1,1895: Robert Butler, age 5 years: Bessie
Butler, age 4 years; Charles Connolly, age 6 years;
Mary Fagalda, age A years: James Facalda, age 1
year; Eddie McCarthy, age 6 years; Alice Mc-
Carthy, age 6 years; Nathan Barloggi, age 8
years.
mpZS' DRS. HOI»1AS AND LINQIIST— RE-
*-*' moved to 1370 Markets!.; poortreated free.
)JrrS» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— TH*
, ■*«* WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
Bt7S» COLUMBUS SAVINGS AND LOAN 8O-
I li*~-^ ciety, 614 Washington street. The directors
: havedeclared the following semi-annual dividends;
4.32 cent per annum on term and 3.60 per cent
per annum on ord nary deposits, payable on and
after July 1. 1896. F. N. I.'. A No, secretary.
_P_K= DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
*^*^ ings Bank of San Francisco. 33 Post sU— For
the half year ending June 30, 1896. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 'our (4) ncr c- m p*r
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.33^) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1, 1896. GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
BC^g 3 OFFICE OF THE HI HERN I A SAV-
&»*' Ings and Loan Society, cor. Market, McAl-
lister and Jones sis., San Francisco, June 29.
1896— At a regular meeting of the bot.rd of direc-
tors of this s K-iety. held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and three-
] quarters (334) per cent per annum on ail deposits
I for the six months ending June SO, 1896, free
1 from all taxes and payable on and after July 1.
1896. ROBERT J. TOBIN, Sec.
IKS' DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
i**** Loan Society, 101 Montgomery su, corner
sntter. For the half-year ending June 30, 1896, a
I dividend has been declared at th» rate of four and
thirty-;wo one hundreiiihs (4.32) per cent per
I annum on term deposits and tjiree and sixty one-
I bundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
j deposits, free of taxes, parable oa and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
V. CYRUS W. CA R MANY, Cashier.
ft^S* SECURITY SAVINGS BANK, 222
*^*^ Montgomery sU, Mills Building. Dividends
on term deposits at the rate of four and thirty-two
one hundredths (4 32-100) per cent per annum,
and on ordinary deposits at the rate of three and
six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum for the half
year ending June SO, 1896, will be payable free of
taxes on and after July 1, 1896.
8. L. ABBOT JR., Sec.
Jt^S* DIVIDEND NOTICE.— TiIK GERMAN
m-& Savings and Loan Society, 526 California
— For the half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
I twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) percent per an-
I num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hundredlhs (3 56-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
____; GEO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
|T^g= HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
I*-*' Society. 18 Geary su-The directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percen:
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
SITUATIONS IVAN TED-FEMALE.
"LI RST -CLASS GERMAN COOK ' DESIRES
J situation: best city references. MISS < CI,-
LEN, 323 Sutter sU
THIRST-CLASS COMPETENT COOK, WITH
X best of references, wants situation: cliy or
country. Call or address 1314^ Larkin, in rear.
VI IDDLE-AOED WOMAN AS INFANT'S
iti nurse; city or country: good reference from
last place; wages 916. Call 227 Minna, nr. Third.
yOUNG LADY WISHES' POSITION AS
x cashier, or one of trust: references, etc. Ad-
dress C. R., box 84. this office.
SW. DISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day; washing, housecleaning or offlce-clean-
ing. 12Teh»inast., In rear. .
' OMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES SITUa"
TT tion; city or country; good cook; do general
housework. Call 221 Minna. "
OMAN WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
• » keeper; plain sewing, mending or work of any
kind. Call at 8-' l Mission su, room 1. Vl * u y
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
KJ for general horsework orchamberwork: wages
915. Call or address 9J6 Howard st.
DRi SSMAKER; GOOD cutter and FlT-
ter; 91 10 per day; dresses made over; child-
ren's also. Address box C, Call Branch, Sixteenth
j and Mission sts.
FRENCH CHRISTIAN UNION OFCALIFOR^
n.a. 1620 Clay st.; reliable families can en-
gage now: first, a healthy, respectable young wet-
nurse; second, a fine seamstress and maid- ihird
a competent Frencn cook. Apply at once at above
address.
POSITION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
wanted by a respectable, refined lady; able to
I fid^ssTo^Tn^u 10 Ch ' °- ' P>Sa callor
EFINED AMERICAN LADY WITH DA UGH-
ter (16) desires position as working house-
keeper In widower's family (American Protestant)
in city; good home; light work. Address Amer-
Ican, box 113, Call otlice.
Y OUNO LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper or to take charge of lodging-house.
Call or address 203 Powell st., room 6. UVU!ii -
LADY DESIRES POSITION A 8 WORKING
housekeeper; city or country. 29 Eddy su . -
iy ANTED-BY A WELL-EDUCATED AND
_»» refined lady, a position as superintending
housekeeper or companion to an Invalid; city or
hSx l> l t a. ; Cal'i h s«ce" fe " - Address S. H. 8.,
box 134, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted BY young COLORED
trr««° ma ? a^i^r s i?,"^- P)eMe call or address
MISS J. A. DAVIS, 619 Bush st. ■
YOUNG COLORED WOMAN WANTS SITU-
x atlon as cook or to do second work. Call or
address MISS a. SMITH. 619 Bush st. ■
pOMPKTENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
V^ to do general housework or second work. Call
or address 440 Jesse st. . ■
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
»» washing and ironing or housecleantng. Call
at 829 Hayes su. basement. : , , .
I^IKST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
A work by the day or work at home; fit guaran-
teed: reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continned:
TJESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN - WOULD
xi/ like situation taking care of children and up-
stairs work. Apply 3680 Twentieth su, nr. Ouer-
rero; no postals.
\V ANTED— POSITION AS SEAMSTRESS
tt and light work by competent middle-aged
American woman: Is willing to do any kind of
work. Call or address MRS. W., 1 Eddy, at. : - -
/GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
VJ upstairs work and sewing. Please call of ad-
dress 1815 Webster st.
TV AT GIRL 16 WISUKB PLACE TUAsSIsT
J-i in light housework; sleep home; wages 910.
Address 1910 Larkin su. In rear. •
C! DANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
jkj tlon as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkin at., room 3.
YV OMAN WITH CHILD WANTS SITUATION
'» to do general housework or cooking; city or
country. Call 221 Minna su
rpo HOUSEWIVES— THE COLUMBIA EM-
X ployment Agency. I'M Fourth st., furnishes
tne i very best help at short notice. Telephone
black 135 a
VY r ANTED— LADY WITH YEARS OF
tt experience, care of Invalid, either sex; best of
care and home comforts given. Call or address
MRS. M. X., Oakland P. O.
V' OUNG WIDOW WISHES A SITUATION AS
x housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. Call or
address Housekeeper, room 35, third floor, 1148
sutler st.
OMPETKNT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
V with child wishes housekeeper's position, chain-
berwork or sewinc; city or country. Call 01 ad-
dress 917 Market room 19.
VV INCH ESi ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
.".Market: 200 rooms: 25c to 91 60 per night:
91 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-BIALE.
COOK^G^^R^inFATmAIfT^AT^dYiTER^
\j house man, city references, wishes position.
L. ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
HUNTER A CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb St., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CIHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
'help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
CO. COOK'S SOU SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
• branches ;short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Gram. 43.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; beat help. 8148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
/ 'HINEKK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office; best help. 414^ O'Karrell: tel. K. 426.
Y OUNO IRISHMAN WITH GOOD REFER-
x ence, capable of taking care of hoi-sos, thor-
oughly acquainted with clty.wishes situation with
private family; no objection to wages for a start.
Address Y. 8.. box 68, Call.
SITUA'IION WANTKD BY COACHMAN OR
U stableman; thorouguly understands his busi-
ness; also garden and cows; willing about place;
first-class references. Address ED., 2258 Buena
Vista aye., Alameda. cal.
\\- ANTED— JOB BY A RELIABLE MAN
11 who thoroughly understands concrete and
stone work; much experience in reservoir and
ditch work; country preferred. Address 8. T.,
box 60, this office.
ij\ YOUNG SWISS-GERMAN, 30 OF AGK,
if situation as coachman in private family, or
work on ranch, milking; understands care of
horses: best city references. P. F., box 147, Call.
WANTED— BY 2 WELL-MANNERED AND
t I ' , well-educated young Hollanders, position;, as
butler and coachman; they prefer to remain to-
getber. Address W. R., box 64, Call Office.
VI AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS;
-in man to cook and bake; wife assist in kitchen
or housework in institution or resort; best of ref-
erence. Address 221 Minna sU
pOOK, WHO BAKES GOOD BREAD. WANTS
\J a situation for the country; 1301 Santa Clara
aye., Alameda.
"LMRST-CLABS COLORED COOK. HOTEL OR
A restaurant, wishes situation; ciiy reference.
Address R. P., box 112, Call Office.
RELIABLK, STEADY COLORED MAN
wishes situation as porter or hot lunch cook.
Address liable, box 109, Call Office.
AN AND WIFE WANT PLACE IN coun-
-LTI try: man good milker and handy with horses;
wife good cook. Call or address A. S. 24 Mint aye.
AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Eastern nnd Pan Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address O. C, box 114. Call office.
VI AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS ON
i'J- a ranch; wife good cook and housekeeper and
man good all-round ranch hand. Address 31%
ourteenth sU
\| IDDI.E-AUKD MAN, TEMPERATE, WID-
-ITA ower, wishes place In private family; under-
stands care of horses; good driver; useful about
house; carpenter by trade; comfortable home
wanted more than wages. C. U. C, 416 San Pablo
aye., Oakland. •_. .-. . .
JAPANESE BUTLER WANTS SITUATION
O In private family or "mall clubhouse as steward:
understands French cooking; first clas.i; has long
np rleuce. H. M., box 128, Call Office.
•yOUNG GENTLEMAN (STRANGER) IS
X willing to give 95 for good position In city. Ad-
dress stranger, box 112, Call.
BY MAN AND WIFE: NO CHILDREN; CITY
or country; man to do gardening and cars for
horses: wife, general housework; good reference.
Address C. C. W., box 148, Call.
VOO.VO MAN OF GOOD HABITS WISHES
A situation as coachman or porter; not afraid of
work; references If required. J. N.. box 128, Call,
OOD GERMAN BARTENDER ' WISHES
VI situation. Address GEORGE HORSTMANN.
610 Folsom st. .
PR 1 VATE PLACE: ENGLISHMAN; 40
X years of age; understands horses, cows, chick-
ens, garden, and whatever necessary; wa;es 918,
room and board: referenc»s from last place: city
or country. HORACE BYERLEY, 617 Mission
St., room 31.
GERMAN, GOODC ARPKNTER, CAB-
X lnet-maker and general mechanic, with tools,
wants situation of any kind. Address 716 Clem-
entina su
YOUNG SCANDINAVIAN WISHES SITUA-
X tlon: city or country; first-class driver; under-
stands care of horses and garden; also milker:
references. Address Work, bpx 147, Call Office.
HY MIDDLE-AGED MAN, as COACHMAN
-iJ in private family; useful around place: speaks
French and English; good references. Address
Coachman, box 2. Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG MARRIKD MAN WISHES A POSI-
X tion as janitor or watchman; handy with tools.
Refer to 439 Jessie SU
NOLDSINGi.E MAN, SOBER AND HON-
est, to do light work about a place: private
family preferred: no objection to country: speaks
French and Enclish: small wages. Address G. B.
A M KITE. 245 Eighth St.. care of Mr. Kroll.
WINCHESTER HuUsK, 44 THIRD, Ni-.AK
TT Market— Electric lights In every room- 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: 91 50 to 96 per
week; free bus an. I baggage 10 and tromthe ferry.
ri.NCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 98 per
week: tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the ex pert Ing of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general ixjiirt work. Address P. C
box 137. Call 'Hi.-,.. '
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
T AUNDRESS. 930- GERMAN COOK. $36-
XJ second girl, $20; 16 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25: 6 young girls, assist, 910 to
915. MISS CULLEN, 32 i Sinter st.
\' O U N ( ; GIRL FOR LIGHT WAITING; $10-
X short distance; fars paid. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter sU . , ; '
NEAT, REFINED. HOUSEWORK GIRL; 2
-l> in family; $15. MI'S CULLEN, 323 Gutter.
A WAITRESSES FOR FRESNO COUNTY, $20,
T fare paid; 2 waitresses for Santa Cruz Mount-
ains, $20, fare paid; 2 waitresses for springs, 920;
3 waitresses mountain resort, 920: waitress coun-
try resort. $20: 6 extra waitresses, $20; 3 hotel
chambermaids, country; German cooks, 925 and
930; 10 girls for housework, $20 and 916. C. R.
UAWSE.V <fe CO.. 110 Geary.
ONE STEADY' CHAMBERMAID AND TWO
extra chambermaids for first-class country
hotel; free fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
ANTED - PROTESTANT L/VUNDUbSs"
private family. $30: pantry-glrl, 97 a week';
dlshwnsher, $20; cook, small hotel, 925; 3 wait-
resses, 915. S.B i.nd 9*5; Ironer in laundry ; ranch
cook, 920; and 1:1 rls tor cooking and housework in
city and country, J..F. CKOBETT A Co., 312
Sutter st.
OC WAITRESSES. EXTRA AND STEADY"
+-<J springs, resorts and country hotel; laundress
for resort, $20; cooks, etc. MURRAY A READY.
634 Clay st. ' . ..-; '
WAITRESS.. STEADY, COUNTRY HOTEL,
tt first-class place, 920. MURRAY A READY,
634 Clay st.
YY'' AIT R ESS FOR THE . SPRINGS, 92 >,
tt room, etc.; 2 waitresses, nice resort, hotel, call
early: pantry-girl, 920, room. etc.; waltreis for
Alameda, 920, room, etc.; ho-isegirl, citv,.s2s,
call early; 7 housegirls. $20: 9 housegiris, $15; 11
young girls, 98.910 and 912 per month. assUt,
etc.. nice families. MARTIN I- mployruent
Agency, 749 Market St.. telephone main 184 9.
pLAIN LAUNDRESS, ■ COUNTRY HOTEL;
x cook on ranch, 925: young girl, housework,
country, 915. R. T. WaRD A C > 610 Clay sU
9 COOKS, $25; GIRL toll HOUSKWORK,
-- small family, «20: girl for light chamberwork,
$15: 2 nur.egiris. 910, and others. MRS. HIRD,
1 21 Ellis st. . .
WAITRESS KOR SPRINGS, 920, STEADY
tt job, fare paid: 4 extra waitresses for fair
week, free fare. HOTEL GAZKTTK, 420 Kearny.
A GIRLS FOR LIGHT HOUSE WORK. CITY:
J 2 women for housework. . 920, country.' and
other help. Employment office. 128 1 ounu su ■■= : .
XPERIENCED SALESLADY FOR NOTIONS
XJ and toys wanted to-day; ladies holding cer-
tificates in U. S. Industrial Agency are eligible.
Room 166 Crocker building. '-- - . . < ■•■
WANTED — FIRST-CLASS GERMAN OR
TT Swedish cook, able 10 do housework and wash-
Ing; good references required. 834 O'Farrell si.,
bet. 9 and 12 a. m. . . - . . c r -
MEATOIKL TO ASSIST, IN TAKING CARE
00, ? f baby for good home and $3 per month. Call
2815 Pine si., bee 5 and 6 p. m.
VV ANTED— YOUNG GIRL (GOOD PENMAN)
"to assist with i light hou<<eworic and as com-
panion ; references. * Apply 41S Montgomery sb
'HELP WANTED— Continued.
OU NG GIRL FOR " GEN ER AL HOUSE-"
X work; 910 and found. 253 Stevenson at., near
Third.
OBER MARRIED WOMAN TAKE ROOMS;
0 lodging-house; do work part pay- I° s New
Montgomery st. . . . . '
OMAN TO WORK IN KITCHEN; BES-
»' tauranu 136 Second st. '
GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work and help In kitchen. 1622 Post su .. ■
i^OUNG LADY WANTED FOR GENERAL
■ honseworg. 1447 Ellis su, over fruiistore :
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO MIND CHIL-
' tt dren: can sleep home. 1217 Webster st.
THIRST-CLASS STARCHER AND IRONER
x wanted. Sun Laundry, 764 Seventh, Oakland.
rj. IRL, NOT OVER 16, TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
VT housework. 1307 Flllmore.
T> RIGHT YOUNG LADY A* SALKSLADY IS
■*-» wanted In notions department: also saleslady
for children's underwear; ladles holdine certifi-
cates in U.S. Industrial . Agency are "eligible.
Room 165. Crocker building.
EN ERG ETIC WOMAN CAN MAKE MONEY.
Call for particulars 131 Post, room 20.
First-class SKIKTMAKERS; NONE oth-
ers need apply. BOWH AY, 504 Sutter su
llf ANTED — A GIRL FOR GENERAL
11 housework. 800 Greenwich sU, cor. Mason.
, .RESSMAKKR WANTED; ALSO APPREN-
-1 1 tice. 3258 Seventtenth su ._.
HA IRDRESMNO. 25c AND 86c: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 lessons,9l 60. 1248 Mission.
UERFKCT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
A making taught, 95 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo
POWELL Academy,636 Market.opp.Palace HoteL
T ADIES— FKEE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
xj Tues.,2to3: dresacntUng. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
C 1 0AT-FIN ISH BRB WANTED. 541 MARKET
1 street.
Vf OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
o«7 hester House. 44 Third St.. near Market-
-200 rooms: 26c to 91 60 per night; 91 60 to $6
pr we»lc: freo 'bus and haggwgp to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
Vl r ANTED— WAITER, GOOD COUNTRY HO-
*" lei, 930; waller, chophouiie, 97 a week; young
man to wait, 95 a week: elderly Frenchman for
chicken- ranch, *10; dishwasher, 930; German
cook, 950. etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton su
1 rj farmers, 10 teamsters, 10 hay-
-* " makers. 10 laborers, 925 to $JS and found;
choreman, milker and others. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary st. r^v
ft STEADY WAITERS WITH DRESS SUITS, I
y> country hotel, 935: 20 extra.waiters with dress !
suits. 92 a day and fare paid : 6 waiters for sprints
and resorts, 930. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
>■) WAITERS FOR SEASIDE RESORT, 926: 2
•*- waiters, same springs, south, $25. fare ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
OORTER AND WAIT AT TABLE, 915; POR- j
x ter bey for restaurant, 915 anil board; dish- '
washer, small hotel. 916; cook, small hotel, 930- '
short-order co .k, small restaurant, . 930; dish- '
washer, restaurant, 925: camp cook, near city
9-5; manner and work in dryroom, hotel, 915. C.
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary sU
OECOND PORTER FOR LARGE FIRST-
-0 class country hotel, 925 and found and free
fare; dishwasher, 926; vegetable man, $25, for
same country hotel, free fare; extra dishwashers
and potwashers. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary sU
TWENTY LABORERS FOR RAILROAD
X work; $1 75 a day and free fare. C. H. HAS-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary sU
"1 P. FARMERS, O~RCHARD AND VINEYARD
X-U hands, 926, $25 and 920: '£ header-wagon
drivers, 9150 day: blacksmith. $40 and found;
washer, city stable. *35 and found: /milkers,
830; 20 laborers and teamsters, 20 railroad team-
sters. $1 SO and 91 80 day; 10 woodchopper* for
a mine. 91 cord: foreman for a ranch; 5 laborers
for a mine. 920; butter-maker; stableman. 935.
Ml RKay A READY, Leading Employment
A gen s, 634 and 636 Clay st.
LI k WAITERS, STEADY AND EXTRA, $30 ,
v and $25 and found: 6 cooks, $25. $30, $50 i
and $60; 5 dishwashers, 915 and $20: 2 waiter- !
boys. 915; ranch cook, cook and wife, baker
country shop. MURRAY A READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
vV ANTED— S MINERS, 952 PER MONTH; 4
laborers about mine, $16) per day; butter-
maker for creamery, 940 per month and found;
farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dishwashers.
W. U. EWER A CO., 626 Clay sU
\\- ANTED— EXTRA WAITER JULY 4 AND
f T 5, $3 and fare both wmva; waiter for resort
near city, 925: waiter, country hotel, fare a -
I vanced. $25: and others. W. D. EWER ACO
626 Clay st. ''
Wa'ntED-MILKER, 930; FARMER. 920 :
TT laborers for mine. 928: gravel miners, $2 50
aay: blacksmith, 92 50 day: woodchopcers, 91 60
cord; farmer and wife; 2 lauudrvmen for institu- !
tion, good place; Ironera and polisher, 935 and
$45; cook, 910 to 912 week: waiters for country
and oihors. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 6"'B
Sacramento sU
*) FARMHANDS, NEAR C1TY, 926: 2 MILK- I
— ers, country, 925: dairyman, count- $35- !
blacksmith and shoer. 940 and board: miner ma- '
chine arlll, $3 a day; 10 barkpeelers. $1 25 a cord- !
boarding-house cook, 930: second short-order 1
cook, 930. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 to 610 Clay. j
DISH WASHER, 925, ROOM, ETC., CALL I
early; porter for restaurant: cook for mining i
camp, $45; cook for tew boarders, $25, room, etc.;
German waiter, $25, room, etc.; younp man to
tend a soda fountain. MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market St.; telephone main 1849.
ANTED— STEADY MAN FOR A PERMA- i
TT n-nt business; must be willing to devote 9 I
hours' attention per day; will be assured of $76 '
per month with a certainty of increasing; must >
have 9200 cash. Apply BAILEY, rooms 1 and 2 '■
917 Market st.
AW EXPERIENCED DRF.SS-GOODS SALES- \
man wanted to-day: gentlemen holding certi- '
ficates In U. 8. Industrial Agency are eligible j
Room 163. Crocker building.
Vy ANTED— TEN MEN TO SELL TICKETS I
tt for excursions from Misslon-st. wharf to war- i
ship Charleston, Jul>- 4 and R. Apply after 10 a m '
to launch Belvedere. Clay st.
G GENERAL BLACKSMITH: COUNTRY
r shop: $2 50 per day. 609 Kearnv su. room 8.
LUNCH WAITER WANTED. 528 FOURTH
street. ■^
ARBER FOR FRIDAY AT 12 O'CLOCK AND
Saturday and Sunday. 512 Broadway.
ANTED— A BARBER FOR SATURDAY
and Sunday. 1423 Dupont St.
OOD BARBER WANTED SATURDAY AND
r Sunday. 2003 Mission st.
ANTED— A BARBER FOR FRIDAY AND
Sunday. 605 Broadway.
PAPER ; TA X E PAY IN room
X _renU 105 New Montgomery st.
ANTED- MAN ABOUT THE KITCHEN"
TT wages small. 1115 Oak st.
W ANTED— STRONG BOY TO CARE FOR
TT horses. 561 Fourth St.; stable.
A NTED-TWO COMPETENT PA INTERS" '
TT 802 Larkin st.
S.-RB.N.OVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643 i
. ay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc. |
yoUNG MAN TO ACT AS CASHIKH: RES-* j
X taurant: 9150 cash required; will pay 960 per
month. GEO. STEWART, 60.- Market st.
jIAKBERS- A GO D COUNTRY BARBER
• > shop; 2 chair*; 2 baths: for sale; $3 '0: good
investment for barber with family. Forparticu-
lars inquire of DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Eli is st
31' 2 I 1 I d I sU H - SHOI> FOR BALK " HEAI>: I
ANTED-IDLE MEN, WOMEN. GIRLS I
TT and boys to send 25c for the means of making
Independent living; satisfaction guaranteed. Ad-
dress California Chemical Co., box 100, Call Offic*.
IP I R ST ASS DRY•(iU O D > M AN FOR CITY
trade; gentlemen holding certificates in U. S.
Industrial Agency are eligible. Room 165 CrocK-
er building.
\y ANTED— MAN WITH $600 FOR A BIG-
TT paying enterprise: chance of a lifetime. Ad-
dress ARCHIE LEVY, box 72. this office.
W ANTED-FIRST-CLASS BUSHELMAN AT
tt 541 Market st.
EN'S HALp' BoLi:S. 40c; MEN'S CALF
shoes to order. 93 50. 73 Jackson st.
RAND CLEARANCE SaLK OF BOOTS AND !
VJ shoes, bedrock prces: 98 shoes cut 10 $3, 95 to i
$2 60, $4 to $1 50, 92 50 to $1 25; all goods sacri- I
ficed next 15 days in order to enlarge store and
put In new Block. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
: ANTED— EXPERIENCED TRACK FOR&
tt man Apply a, box 17, Call Office, Oakland.
YV^ have a LOT OF damaged shoes
tt gelling at less than one-fourth their value: cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission st.
]V"ew Waldo house, 765 mission, bet
-Li 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
week $1 10 $2 50: reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean: quiet; j open all nlehu
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night: $1 a week.
LuDGlN<;s, 5c To I&c'PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House. 521 Paclrl , below Kearny.
\ BTIIMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
. X din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
EST IN CITY-SING' 15 ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. 9i. $1 25. 91 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
OOMS 150 TO 75c PKR NIGHT: 50c TO *1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Dnimmsu .
YV ANTKD-IABOKKRS AND MECHANICS
TT to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver - House. 217 Third su: 150
large rooms: 25c per nigh:: $1 to 93 per week. •
C^ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR 92 50-
-/ half-soleing 25c up. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
UN" TO FKED .MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
' all grocers keep lv ■■
WE ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
TT your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price: done while you walk
. C 62 Mission sU, between First and Second Ms.
• IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' sts.; single furnished rma 76c week. 16c night.
l/LCiiU HOUSE, . 863 Vfr . MARKET ST.—
All Rooms 20c, .25c. to 60a night; $1 to 93 week. ;
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
•11 ' ers&clerits. KNOX Collection Axcy, 110 Sutler
.HELP .WANTED— Continued. _
DARBERS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
L> retary Barbers' Asso.. 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
L>AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> p. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION Or' HAL. EMPLOY-
X> menu BeCy. P. C. Hamsun. 2c9!/o O'Farrell. .
t>ARBBBB— GOOD CHANCE; DON'T MISS
•L-» It; shop lor sale very cheap on account of dis-
agreement of partners. Apply Call Office.
BARBERSHOP, 2 CHAIRS, FOR SALE. 415
Haves st. ; good location.
THIRST-CLASS BARBER-SHOP fOR SALE ON
J account of departure. Apply 517 East st.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission sU, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, 92 50
and 93: ladles', gents' and children's nilstit. and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. |
\*/ANTKD-MEN TO Lr.ARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
TTTnTMEN- TO TAKE LODGING lOC, 15c
JLV'U and 20c a night, including coffee roils.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
\AT INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
tt Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OP
tt some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A D««pt. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C. for their 91800 prize offer
and Us: of 200 Inventions wanted. ■ .::/, ■ ■■ ■,-■
WANTED-SINGIiE ROOMS, 150 A DAY; «1
v-«ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, 91 60 a week;
reading-room dally papers. ■ 36 Clay su
X^KEE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
J aluoa hoi »of l»g«-r. S'-. »t 637 «'lnv m.
AGENTS WANTED.
Tj'MPIRE LIFE.
PURE LIFE '
—INSURANCE
AT COST
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
GENTS WANTED — LADY OR GENTLE-
-t». man; experience not necessary; good oppor-
tunity for right person. Apply at once, 619 sev-
enth St.. near Washington. Oakland.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE WA^Tj^^ITTi^A^N~OR^ROOM
for barn, west of Leavenworth, north of Broad-
war; rent about $22 60. H. H.. box 10, Call.
____________ __„
BOARDING WANTED.
p ENTLEMAN WANTS BOOM AND BREAK-
VJ fast In private family. Address E., box 7,
Call Office. - '
—^ — — ■ —^— — — —
WANTED-3USCELLANEOUS.
ECOSD^UXsTT^^KOVjCkS. CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOUR BOOKS. t.'LOTHINI. AND JKW
fclrr to A. KLEIX. 103 Sin -. s: - >cml postal.
EDUCATIONAL,.
vfusici an" from "£6n don g ives "lessons
■ITX in singing; 94 a month. 854 Mission st.
'ANTED —BY EXPERT ACCOUNTANT
several sets of books to write up evenings;
also, lessons in bookkeeping given; terms mod-
erate; best of references. Address L. C, dox 144,
Call • ffice,
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER. 715 POST ST.;
vocal music; piano; elocution; practical
Shakespearean an 1 general dramatic acting a spe-
cialty ; vocal classes Monday 8 P. m.; $1 a month.
LOCUTION. DRAMA. DELSARTE, PHYBI-
cal culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. ; call after Ip. M.
OWEN'S ACADEMYrUNTVERSITY A YE.,
Berkeley; special classes lor the universities.
HK A LD' S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POS . ST.
i. Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
P ROFESSOR~G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, uasjo. 1707 Mar*eu
Tyj"IGUTfsCHOOL:HEALD t SBUS.COLLr.GE;24
Xi Posttcommercial. shorthand, English: low rates
OOKKEEPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
XJ ant teaching; 1^ time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 669 Markeu
A TTKND STIEHTTs COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
■«-iL' The very best individual Instruction:
20 trial lessons in Shorthand. Bookkeeping, Pen-
manshlp. Typewriting, etc.. 91; books free.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG. ABITHMTC. GRAMR
day&nl;ht;noclasses; 95 month. 845 Mission
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; 93 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GREVEN. VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st.
v/PaNISU, FRENCH, HERMAN; MODERATE.
OJJelsterachaft School Languages. 122 O'Farrell
Y RES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship 950; low rates per week and month.
pELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL Of ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. Sand 12. 1.0.0. block. 7th and Mku
OCUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, M.E-
-0 chanicai engineering, surveying, arcbltectura,
assay- egtah. 04. VAN I>KR NAILI.EN. 7a3?lku
. ■ MEDICAL. '
A BLESSING TO LADIES " SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never falls; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well:
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. A MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister su, next Hibernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills 92;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in (* few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used;, ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU- !
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all case* guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
mans physician. DR. i'OFPER, 318 Kearny su
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specially, unexcel.ed In restoring Irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills 92. Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st.
ALPEAUS FRENCH PILLS^A~BOON TO
XV ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure: 9 60 press C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
TNSTITUTE OF PNKU..IATOFATUV FOR
X healing and instructions; 2729 Jackson St.,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free: call or write for
our "New Methois"; the poor healed free.
MRS. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BE>
fore and during confinement; Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
ST CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction -guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYEK. 226 Turk st.
© PLOn FOR CASE I FAIL TO CURE; DlS-
*Tpc>Wl.r eases ol the eyes treated: ladles consult
free: only qualified specialist. MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st. . ■ ■--.-.• r
rTjosselyn, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
1-06 Market s .; private and chronic diseases.
lost manhood and female troubles; P. O. box 2276.
DEEP-SEATED CATARRH IN THE HEAD
is being cured c .oap without Inhaler. A. L.
WHEELOCK, 614 Kearny sU Maine House.
DR. PEN a CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief; successful treatment; diseases
Of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant aye.
R-. J. A. ACHaRD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl -EASE
see MRS, dr. PUETZ and beconteut. 264% 4th.
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth su, Alameda.
1 \R. HALL. 14 Mc-ALLIMKH M'KEJiT, NEAH
'..)one< imnnHsnf wor.ifi !■•■.! rtillilren. ; ■ - -
' DENTISTS.
DR. GKORGE W. LEE^^T^H^^GEjTuiNE
' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of I improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell su
IP IRST -CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
prices; first-class* results; painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C Har.
DINC'. C.M.. M.D., 500 Sutler su, corner Powell
j.R. LUCKETT. 1703 Po.-T *,T.. NEAR HU~
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
H.L. T. > KANZ-EXTRACTION PAINLES-C
crown work, bridge work and teeth wlthool
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st,, cor. o^ll^
ten A >ET fOR TKETH: WaKBINTKO ,7
«35 * good as can be made: Hlllnsl 91 Dr SIMMs
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin ?Lafer
I\R. LUDLUM JfciJLl,, 1443 MARK t."!' ht~
V near Eleventh: no charge for extracting w^en
plates are made; old platen made over iika^«^
teeth from 8 per set; extract^go"?^^^'
ySftJS, 1
Sg.^^&y^g'^^TK. DX. H.
T* A J5 rLESS KXT ItACTION. 60c- CROWN
experience. B, L. W ALsfl. D,D.a. 815^ Qeary 1
■J^^Jg^Rgg^^tEC^r^"-
r _ PERSONALS.
jKTswain^ alitTstT^hina tapestryT
. oil lessons 50c. 14 McAllister St.. room 14.
ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, i'lisi Fes
business partner; small capital. 122 Post St.,
room 2. .
IVJ ■uT i C E T > CUSTOMERS — ALL THE
H stores of JOE POHEIM, the tailor, 301 and
203 Montgomery St., and 724, 1110 and 1112
Market su, will be closed on the Fourth; all de-
siring 10 have their garments for theFounh please
call on Friday. July 3, as the stores will be open
till 10 o'clock p. m. JOE POHEIM, The Tailor.
■\rOTICE TO THE PUBLIC— DANIEL FROM
J. ' ancient Babylon has returned to material life
and Is in San Francisco, and would wish to con-
verse with some of the wealthy people on impor-
tant matters. Please call at till Cay su, room 7.
WILL THE 2 LADIES WHO HAD DRESSES
• » made at 1024 Mission st. call at once for same?
or they will be sold. ' .
RS. DR. MIRANDA, CHIROPODIST—
l'l Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room 1, city. ■ •-;--'-;
DVK'JS FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty ; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, alt vat-law. 850 Market at
ASSORTMENTOF AMERICAN FLAGS WILL
-t\. be loaned at 174 Clara St. A. BELASCO; 9to
10 a. m., 6 to 10 p. m.
W ATCH A D JEWELRY REPAIRING;
tt low prices: first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
I EDERIfiR'S— THE PLACE TO GET THE
* J best hair-dressing in the city for 25c; first-class
switches 91; Lederer's"CJulnonla," the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. 11l Stockton su, nr. Geary.
"MRS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
->■'-•■ cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47.
QUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
£ J guaranteed parties, 915 upward. Cut-rate
TaloringCompany.lll7 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
p A ING TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
x and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cation on Saturday, June 26, and resumes work on
Monday, July 13. y Or particulars address 424 Pine.
CURE CURE FOR POISON OAK, RING-
-11 "i* 1 "? 19 and other skln troubles; eczema re-
IL e Jf e< Kj 5} complexion; externally applied;
?»n« LJ% " fo . r 25 cents - A adxe« *• O. box
2053, San Francisco. Cal.
TXR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
XJ eases of nose, tliroat^^dentlatry. Cal. A Kearny.
CILOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mannfrs cost. Factory, 20 San»ome, upstairs.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 63() MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 26 cent*.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JiiW-
elry. etc : lowest rate*. t)4B Market su
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
XA. can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks. Jewelry, at M. ROTHS*
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason sU; open evenings,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 26c to 91 50 per night: 91 50 to 96 per
week ; free bus' and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
"DIG OUTDOOR BTEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of buai-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Ha. cor. Jwsgla.
DRESSMAKERS.
TVREisEif92 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn 91 up. 505% Natoma St.. above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
SUCCESS ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED.
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give . ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: ha
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
lions; send stamp for circular. 220" Eddy su
Hours from 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
ITANA THE GYPSY.
X This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you 011 speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunites the separated
nnd causes speedy and happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. M. 8 Turk su
"ITCHE-> WERE BURNED. BUT MME.
TT Stewert still astonishes the city by producing
exact likeness of your future husband or wife; th i
greatest trance clairvoyant and card-reader on the
coast; test her powers ere she sails for Europe: she
guarantees to bring back lost love; makes peace
and happiness in the home. R. 3 and 4, 917 Market.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
precedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. ; elevator. . . ■ ■ t.»
MX. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant. card- reader, born with a double veil arirl
second sight; ladies 50c, gents 91; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings 91 50. 128 Turk su, nr. Jones.
ME. LENEMAR— FORTUNES TOLD 8~7
planets: predicted in 74 passengers of overdue
steamer on Island. Km. 10, 11 Ta> lor. cor. Markt
\J ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN'
xiX the world: 60c and 91, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XI SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past.
present and future: prices moderate. 866 Mission.
ARRIVED— MRS. HANSON READS HEAD
xv and nalm, also cards and tells past, present
and future. 17 Fourth st., room 7.
A I ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
i'l past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard su
VI ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
■»X yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee 91; letter 92.
\1 ME. RAVENA HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names up. 6 Fourth.
ME. LEGKITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE Ti.LLS FROM CRADLK TO
th- grave: fee v:5 cents. 914 O'Farrell :".
Si'lltlXUALlSil.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE. " *'X ■ '*;
FEE 91 A UPWARD! FEE 91 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast In the ten years past, is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market .street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if yon think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
■who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mail Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE 91 A UPWARD! FEE 91 A UPWARD*
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, ' '
1320 Market su, opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
ROF. MINGO WOULD INFORM THE PUB-
lic that on account of the ordination of charac-
ters that tend to bring disrespect, discredit and
contempt upon spiritualism by the Bible Society
of Free Thought, by which I was ordained over
oue year ago, I for no other reason than to retain
my self-respect have voluntarily rescinded my or-
dination paper. Wishing the society Godspeed
and good will, PROF. CHAB. A. MINUO, 834
Mission st.
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, ' :
The world-renowned spiritual medium, still
continues to hold the public's attention by her
wonderful work. Thousands have been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. Your life described from cradle to
the grave. Her revealed medicin- work miracles
with the sick and afflicted; letters with stamp
answered; diagnosis irom lock of hair: hours 10
to 8 : closed Fridays: sittings 91. 1206 Market sU
PARLOR TALK TO-NIGHT, "MEN-
tal Science": public invited; free. 14 McAl-
lister st. .. - ,
ISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET ST.
Seances every night, 25c; except Mom., Thurs.
Al RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BUSl-
ness medium: sittings dally: 91. 1360.tk.5u.
astrology.
D ICAiTaSTR O LOGY^PROF. llOWARjyi
vital remedies remove all chronic troubles and
restore to perfect neal:h. 311 Hydest- '.0 to 3.
LOST.
I OST— PASSBOOK , WITH THE HIRERNIA
AJ Savings and Loan Society of an Francisco, la
the name of ANDREW O*NEIL: No. 190,081.
The finder will please return to bank.
"I OST- AN OLD-FASHIONED BRKASTPIN,
XJ on Kearny st-, bet. Market and Pacific. Re-
turn 10 420 Battery st., bet 9 a m. and 5 p. M.; re-
ward. : ; -
OST— GENTLEMAN'S WATCH FOB WITH
locket attached ; liberal reward. 112 Pine st.
LOST— BREASTPIN, SHAPE OF WREATH,
dpi, Grant aye. and Sutter and Kearny and
Geary sis. Return 1640 Pine su: reward.
(iIj»)/\ RED COW: WHITE SPOTS; 8 YEARS
(ttp^y. old. Return 213 Morton aye.. Sun' yside.
SMALL FOX TERRIER- ANSWERS TO
nameTopsv; llb»ral reward. 1011 Castro st.
BAGGAGE TKANSFEK.
rp RU KS MOVED. 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company. 48 Sutler si. : telephone
main 49; keep your checks tor us. - ■'
::]■ '■ TYPEWRITERS. ~~
REMINGTON. 935: -SMITH,' S6O; MKND FOR
J.V sample work. SCOTT «fcBANNAN,333M.ntgmyBUSINESS CHANCES.
_ "fi£n~ WlT_f lalkg^"pa7ron^ }
t^sOOXJ. age from Clay and Merchant nts., Mar-
ket Hall: must be sold at once: owner going to the <
mines; low rent. WILKK, 531 California st.
C_lf\O.n SAMPLE- ROOM • NEAR MONT-
OliHM'. gomery st.; established 20 years:
doing good businets; stock .alone worth the •
money: owner to retire. WILKE A WOLF, 631
California st. ;
_l9nM C° R!f ER SALOON WITH CIGAR :
tJiX._.UV.'. stand on Stockton st. doing large
business; family affairs calls owner to East: inves- ■
tlgaf -I once. WILKE «_ WOLF, !)31 California, j
< •>( ni'h "^loo"^ IN VERY best busT
i?-"UU. ness location, with large patronage:
kept by owner last i) y an; rare chance: iuvesti- '
gate at once. WILKE & WOLF, 581 California st.
©KRAri - CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
iJJUU". clearing from $.50 to $300 a month:
Urge stock; best location; owner goinr to Europe.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
•i 1 mO CORNER GROCERY AXD BAR.
.71 1 4VV'. with 3 rooms, In Mission: rent
$50: choicest location; good cash custom; barcain
WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
Son A. SALOON; BESf~LOCATinN: RENT
-""• $30: lease: actual value $800: great
bargain. WILKK, 531 California st.
5. o I U \ SALOO N : THRIVING INTERIOR
<^.)"". towu at railroad depot: clears $125
monthly and over. M. LKS-* „ CO., 783V_ Market.
£.97- BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
•„—•«'• icecream parlor _t a well-traveled sta-
tion across the bay. M. l.Kss <_ CO., 783V_ Market.
S^XA BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY, Nc£
t^iOOyj. tions. stationery, etc.; corner in best
portion of Western Addition: 4 .living-rooms-
cheap rent: large stock; nicely fitted up: does a
well-paying business. M. LESS & CO.. 783*4
Market St. , - v "
CMOfIA FINE CORNER SALOON; CEX-
'H'XOUU'. tral an. few doors from Market- es-
tablished 20 years: sure to clear $200 monthly
bears Investigation; a bargain. M.LEsSJsCo'
7831^ Market si. . , "'
BAKERY, PRINCIPAL STREET
'- — yjyf - across tne bay; bakes ly. barrels flour
dally; horse and waaon easily worth double price
asked. M. LESS A CO., 783 V» Market st.
TF YOU WANT TO'SKLL OR BUY A BUSI-
I ness quick see T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
VINE CIGAR-STORK: FURNISHED". .■ M -
T plete; linf> locality; only 50c a day rent; see at
once. T. BELBKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<S7^A LODGING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS; fUR-
C l<"'. nished elegant; finest locality: cheap
rent; all the rooms full*, paving well: investigate
this rare chance. T. LUBKI.sk I. 7 City Hall aye.
Q'^'Srt Partner IX saloon: object
'. — O\J. for taking pa tner. 10 run the business
raore successfully. T. LUUELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
te ({Of) PARTNER— FINE-PAYING kstab-'
v#V/v'. lished business; _ rare chance for the
right man; object for taking partner to enlarge
the business: will give trial Of business. T. LU-
BKLSK-, 7 City Hall aye.
■V l r ANTED— FIRSTS DABS BUSINESS MAN
"to rent one of the best-paying roadside houses
on the coast: elegantly furnished tnrousrhout and
doing a thriving business in this City and County:
owner" would rent 10 incoming party house as it
stands, with privilege of purchase, but tenant
would have to put up security or bonds as matter
of good faith and responsibility ; a chance of a life-
time. Address Live Stock Gazette office, 411
California st.. City. . . .
HOTEL TO LEA FOR A TERM OF YEARS:
— -L new 6-story and basement brick building con-
tain log 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
liUhied basement: centrally located, Vi block N o_
Market st. and 1 blot from Baldwin Hotel and
Kmporium building: newly furnislieJ throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 3.0 San-
some St.. room 39.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly? HEALY' A CO., 23 Kearny st.
<2]7K LADIES, GRAND CHANCE —
OKI O. Branch bakery.etc: 6 rms. furniture in-
cluded; account departure. HKALY, 23 Kearny.
Q'J^A RESTAURANT AND COFFr.E SA-
«_ OOKJ. loon. Polk st., clearing $75 por month-
owner in other business. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
L 1 HILL, ROOM 34, DONOHoE BUILDING—
• >• Real estate and business agent.
Delicacy store 9200
stationery and cigars , $450
General business store, fine trade 9800
Excellent paper route Si 500
Chemical laboratory ;. 5000
stock of poultry ranch, low rent $350
O9XAA CANDY FACTORY AND ICE
»^.-j-'V/U. cream parlors, situate- In one of tbe
liveliest and best towns* on lhe coast; elegantly
fitted up and successfully run for 25 years: will
invoice about $3000; this Is the only nrst-class
place in town; cheap rent under lease: thorough
investigation allowed: this is a bargain. u_o
STEWART. 602 Market st. '
ALOOX OX MARKET ST $700
Restaurant: $20 per day 150
Grocery and bar, 3 rooms... .'.'. 600
Dry goods and notion store 1000
Corner bakery, 3 r00m5..... 800
Grocery and bar; bargain. 1,000
Corner saloon; best in city " . 1 600
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A NO. 1 STAND— A FIXE SALOON' WITH A
_"_ fine choice stock of liquor, and cigars; every-
thing In first-class order, with a fine cottage of 4
rooms and bath on the back of the lot fronting on
seventeenth St., with a nice planked yard between
and over 5 years' lease to come; I am 10 years on
the corner. WM. FOLEY, cor. Seventeenth and
* olsom sts^ alongside of the factory.
rpO BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS WITH DIS.
X patch see DEMING <fc CO., 737 Market st.
OTEL NEAR FACTORIES; 14 FURNISHED
rooms: 20 stead y boarders: selling 7to 8 bar-
rels of beer weekly: large grounds: 5 to 6 dozen
chickens: owner retiring; will sacrifice. D_:_l-
IX G <fc CO.. 737 Market st. ■
$2000 IF YOU can LOAN ME this i
<?~yjyjyj. amount for 8 months, will givegoo.l
situation at $125 a month and board: business out
of the State; or will give you interest in business
that will pay you $2500 a year besides salary :
chance of a lifetime; come and see me at once.
Address J. A. L., box 56, this office.
Q9OO. MAhKKT-ST. CIGAR-STAND AND
'.- _^'- cl , B , broom 8: must be sold; low renu
BARRETT. 1126 -Market st.
<»CA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LlVlNG-
*u><u\J. rooms: low rent; receipts 95 to 97 udav
cigar stand. BARRETT. 1125 Market st.
©1 t\(\ SALOON FOR SALK: PROMINENT
'- ' *Jyj. corner: near Market st.: low rent; good
tiade. Apply BAILEY. 917 Market st.
QOAA CIGAR-STORE NEAR MARKET ST. ;
XiPO\J\J. nice trade; low rent. BAILEY. 917
Market at.
Q7AA HALOON; FIRST-<:_>&S TRADK: i
*iD.I \J\J. in main thoroughfare: elegantly fitted
up: fine stock; 4 years' lease; low rent: taking j
$18 day: Immediate disposal: genuine bargain;
apply direct, no agent*. L., Postoffice. Santa Rosa.
Ql (|() BARGAIN— OLD-ESTABLISHED Cl-
\pX\J\J ear, candy and notion store: large gar- !
dens; cottage and summer-house; opposite univer- '•
sity gate, Berkeley; Telegraph-aye. railroad cars S
stop in front of store. Apply on premise*. -
&1/'A|| SALOON AT A BARGAIN: FIX- !
•~ 1 \jyjy>. tnres first class: well-established,
good paying business: best location: full in-
vestigation and reason for selling; responsible
parties only. G. 8.. box 15, Call Office.
ARDWARE STORK— GOOD STOCK AND
fixtures; old stand: this buslnesa must be sold
to settle an estate: only those meaning business
need apply; price 91000. PHILBRICK, 2548 I
i 1 olsom st. - ■ - • ■ . - •.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since I860: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 37. Call Office.
ESTAUBANT FOR SALE FOR COST OF
fixtures: an established trade: between two I
carhouses; will be sold cheap on account of own- !
t-r's sickness: call and see this. 3279 Mission si.
Ws 1 £JX FOB SALE, .-CHAllt BARBER-
-I \JO. shop; latest improved furniture: all
new: good trade; baths: living-room: cheap rent.
Address WM.. box 843» San Rafael, CaL
©OKA BRANCH BAKERY AND DELI-
<£)OO\J. cacy store: well worth. 9500: daily re-
ceipts 98; 3 fine living-rooms: rent $16; great
bargain. SKIFF A CO., 921 Market st.
FINK BUSINESS CHANCE FOR A MAN
with _ few thousand dollars: high-class au-
tomatic machine; $5000 per year easily. For par-
ticulars address B. C . box 9. Call office.
C CENTRALLY LOCATED SALOON (MARKKT
\J St.): six years' lease; dome good business. For
particular* address EDWARD CONOLLEY, or
call, 502 Montgomery st.
DAKERYAT A. BARGAIN: BAKES FROM 3
J •> to 4 bbls. of flour daily ; full Inspection allowed:
in Centervllle, Alameda County. Address F. K_ ,
box 4, Call Office.
or SALE ATA bargain— the pakisien ,
1 steam laundry. SW cor. Twenty-ninth »nd Do- '
lores sts.: will give lease of house aud lot or will
sell bait interest. \
ILL. SELL AT A SACRIFICE A FlRST-
iclass restaurant In Hay wards, on account of '
sickness: call and investigate. F. B. HOOSON, '
ay wards, Cal. . • . <
"T^INE CASH MKRCHAXDISE BU8INKS8;
X 1 adjacent to this city: capital ssooo; satisfactory
reasons for selling at - sacrifice. Owner, box 21, i
Call Office. ■ • ■ 1
BARGAIN— 8ALOON; BAR RECEIPTS $15
i} to $18 per day: rent 920 per month; near Han
Francisco. , Apply to EM. COVERT, 218 Call- I
tornia st. -■ ■■ ' ■ '
L«)R SALE! OR TRADE FOR REAL ESTATE,
' tools and machinery of a machine-shop; lathe, <
q>lllpre»B. bolt-cutler, etc. Address 14 Pearl st.
pROCERY AND BAR; 2 i-UKNISHKI) LIV- '
"r ing-rooms;! just the place for man and wife; ■
no reasonable offer refused. Apply Call Office.' '
LOR RKNT— LARGE BABKMENT HALOON;
X 1 completely furnished and ready for business;
low rent. • Inquire room 629, Parrott building.:' !
<B«Q7C fancy goods STORK. 3 LIVING-
O f I 0., rooms: low rent: established for years;
owner retiring from business. 240 Fifth st.
FOR SALE— GOOD BUSINKSS, WITU.STOCK j
and fixtures, suitable for man and wife or 2
ladles; rooms back of more. 610 Post st. ' <
pORNER GROCERY AND JJAR, WELL -
v< stocked ;-. (loins nice business; low rent, taken
out In trade; sell rlieup 4h9Grov9gt. '
Partner with $225 capital IN well-. «
X laying restaurant to look after dining-room:
owner cooks. •■ Inquire 40 Clay »t. „ '....'■
T7OR KXCHANOE— cIear FBrrrvALE lot,
* 31x106; perfect title; what can you offer?.' Ad- <
gress F. X.. box 108, Call Office. ..!■ 1
BAKERY AND NOTION STORE FOR SALE; "
X* cheap. . 2083 Adeliue si., Oakland. - ; j <
_ BPSiyESS cnAJiCES-Contlnnnfl.
T__P Brit ' ? MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
aof 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quln? P. ROTHENhV'SH.
OTEREOPTICON OR ; ILLUMINATING AD-
-1402 e D t e i V Ils-1 ls-d O e t rgt^°' - 200 >ii^ ; «?*.
.^sH^ S" ZY COFFEE-8 A LOON ; GOODLOCaI
R J AE 0 829 l M| : ssT 0 l n 8 st beBol<l ttNUy - I^^O-
SI 50 9R BUILDING ON LEASED LOT:
Post* BUltable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Sl A TIO:S^ RY ' BOOK TORE AND BRANCH
•^bakery. Inquire . TZI . 8 bakery, 836 Vale"
via St.
Fni? , A A lOON: ' GRKAT BARGAIN;
X old-egtabl'd; livlng-rms.; cbeap renL 212 Bth.
AN IED-COBBLEK; No CAPITAL RE-
/ qnred. Apply a, box 17. Call Office, Oakland.
JJt'-ifKlO FOR HALF-INTEREST IXAMAN-
*&O\J\J \J ufactur.ngbusinegs. 328 Bush, room 4.
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63- Market, room 2.
T. ADA' OF W DESIRES A PARTNER
-^vOe rman) : 925 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason su
"I^OR SALE— EXPRESS BUSYNESS: 2 SINGLE
— teams complete: stand cor. Sntter and Sansome.
FOR BALE— LOCKSMITH, MACHINIBT AND
grinding shop; well tooled up. 1003 Mission st.
AVING 2RKSTAURANTS~wTIL SELLONE
cheap; trial given. Apply 1-41 Market st.
I ''OR ■ BALK — BOHEMIAN SALOON, 25
Stockton st. Call between 12 m. and 4p. if.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash : city or country. M., box 2. Call.
LACKSMITH SHOP. BUILDING. STOCK,
_ tools. Address B. s.. box U-, Call Office. ;
I ■'OR SALE— PAYING RESTAURANT
good location. 105 Seventh si
tODGING-HOBSES _'Oit SALE.
I Q ROOMS; A REAL g6ld~MIN E : OLD^
XO established house; elegant new modern fur-
niture; new carpet; everything first-class- cheap
rent: owner retiring from business. DEMIXG A
CO., 737 Mar_et sU
I] -ROOM HOUSK, IN PAYMENTS... $150
XI 'it rooms on Market st 9600
40 rooms, worth 93000. price. '....l...
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200 $1800
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 t0. ...... 55000
Apply to DECKER. 102J Market. * .
\V ANTED — LODGING-HOUSE; MUST Be
" well located, nicely furnished: a bargain; 9603
to $800. Address B. E., box 68, this office.
QO ROOMS; GOOD-PA YING HOUSE, $400:
». *> cash balance on very easy terms. 105 New
Montgomery st. *■
O DOING-HOUSES BOUGHT AND EX-
changed. PHELPS A CO., 9 17 Larkin st.
flsl ?vA COZY HOME: « ROOMS; MUST
<^X_»V7. sell; party leaving cltv. 620 Larkin st.
TO RENT —15 WELT LI HTED itOOMS,
suitable for iQdglng-honse: $25. 644 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSE, 12 ROOMS, ALL RENTED;
J J fine location. Address E. E.. box 67. Call.
KUKNITUKE FOX SALE. ~
C — l? f U_tNITUR_i ETQ. OF^COT^
O tage: almost new'; sold at once. D. E., 46, Call.
I? 1 1 RK SAL_! ~ . ~
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 60
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard ; ; 55 1
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we tare conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission su. J.
NOON AN.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or gooi
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
AiU I CAKPKTW; CHAMBER SETS, 911:
_» Moves, $5: parlor sets, 920: foldlni»-h«d_
$10; hPd-onngp^. $7. T. !> MCCARTHY 11"4'Y
FUKNJTUKE "IV ANTED.
~C. MUTH ER, " A UCTIONEKR, 60 1" C „ LI-
• fornia - st,. corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise. - _____
OD-HASO FURNITURE FOR "COUNTRY;
— good prices. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.'
IF YOU WANT GOOD PIUCES FOR FLKXt.
ture and' merchandise seeBURD, -11 Larkin.
TTTToHK SELLING YOUR. FURNII'UKK
JL> send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Markeu
BASCH. 3-1 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
. ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITUKK.
. i-arn°is. piano. 11 MS Market: t*>l. Jm«lp 7dl.
CAXU?ET CLEANING.*.
O^J-iT^^GiX'^'cAß--?!'" clkanlxg^ax-^
riT.nvatiii; works. Main office 25 and 27 B'h.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.: LAYING, 3c : RUG
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
RKAT WESTKKN CARPKT-BKaTIXO
works: latest machinery: cleaning 3o and lay.
Ing 3c yd. O. GEORGE. 11 Bth; phone Jessie 258.
\\THBN YOU BKCOMK DISGUSTED WITH
» ' poor work send to SPAULDINCS Pioneer Ca>
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tebama m.: teL So. 40.
OXKLIX'SCAKPKT EKATING WORKS. US
Golden Gate aye. t telephone east 126. '
pITYSTKAM-CARPKTCLKANINU.RENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. bTKVKNs. m-r. TeL booth 350.
CARPETS CI.KANF.D AND KKXOVATKD
like new. FERGUSON <_ CO.. 23 Tenth: teL
fc'outh so. d. mackintosh d- Co., successor*.
JK. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN INO CO.. _ IJ
.. 14th su: cleaning ac a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AXDRKN-
. ova ting works. 463 Stevenson: ml. »out_ 228.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENT*.
X VE^X'N^TM^Mr^OF^OO-T'piXNoi
and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
instruments have been called in from agents
throughout the coast, in whose hands they have
remained for some time wiitiout being sold. Call
tarty and secure _ bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
A CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter sts., Btelnway rep-
resentatives.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF |
\J email poods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance 10 bay a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins. $1 ■_; mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3; :
antobarps, 91; accord iocs, flutes, banjos, piccolos, |
cases for Instruments, 'violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. ■J. Ha Hit bCorT, 929
Market St.. Spreckels building.
lANOS HALF PRICK.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE EBTATK OF. CHAS 8. EATON.
MUST REL...
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 736' Market st.
8 OUit NEW RKNT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month It is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low - prices. sHKRMaN,
CLAY A CO., Stein way representatives.
_1 Q^ BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT
O-.O"). Schmitz. 10 McAllister St., next Hl-
bernla Bank.
TKINWAY PIANO; $150: OWNER OBLIGED
O to sacrifice it this week. Boom 10, Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
VirILLIAM G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
. ' » . the celebrated Hallet A Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. .
ifISHER UPRIGHT, $125: MARSHALL A
X Wendell, 9125: bargains a- $150 and 917&.
THE ZKNO MAUVAIB MUSIS CO.. 769 MarkeU
lAMIH- DO YOU WANT OMK? FINEST
stock on the Pacific coast. THL F. W. SPKN-
CKR CO.. 933 Market st. '
EFOKK BUYING WEK HAINK BROS.', BUSH
X> A Gerta and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT - CO.. 324 Post st.
pHICKKRINO.KNABK. STKCK.VOSE, BTKR-
\J ling pianos: see oar new piano for 9187; pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CUP.TAZ _ SON. 18 Q-faiTeli.
BTKINWAY $175: STECK $160: ST E
Ing 9100; -add $60. BRUKNN'S, 228 Post.
YKOX MALZV. 308 POST BT.-SOH-KB,
Xewby A Kvanv Mrl-gs and other pianos.
OUPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLU-NBW
0 H. MIiLLKK. maker, repairer. '2 Latham place.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJiB
WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for maninc
~~ __________________
'SALE-^ HORSE"" AND BrTtTwSTER
-T buggy: matched carriage team, stvlUb and
very gentle: also frewster Victoria, latest style
and In perfect condition: will be cold separau; If
desired. Apply MADISON A BURKE.
7 K1BOLI) HARN_s>S COMPANY; 600 SETS
JU of good harness, our < wn cake, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can boy Eastern
trash: send for catalogue. • 110 McAllister su.S. F.
I '/k 1-ElB NEW A.ND fcECOND HAND HAR-
X O\J ness, all kinds: ■ wagons, Doggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be void. 1128 Mission .
rmi NEW AND SKCOND-HAND HAR-
OUU ness; oil kinds: bcggy.waeon, cart?, surrey
A rock.iwav. 40 cheap, horses. 16th and Valencia.
A(\ HOKBK_ Jrurt SA_Ji; ALnO WAOOxW
_U bngeles, carte, harness: Grand Arcade HotM
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every We__u*-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. ■
ORSK.-* PASTURED. SENii FuR CIRCU-
)nr. Th» )fvrt» Ranch. 630 commercial St. -
WAGONS AND CAKIIIAGES.
OR'sA-ki at k astern" prTces, FINE
P carriages jof every desc lptlon ; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth st., S. F.
SLIGHTLY > SOILED DRIVING ULOVKS:
sample*. H. M. HKINKMAN. 109 Bansome su
\T_WANDSKCOND-iIANDBAKKRS\LAUN-
II dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rock away
and 2 tine bng-les. 828 Harrison st. -
~ PK':>FESSIONAIi CAKDi.
OH.^K.RICHARDs7I'AW OFFICES^ ! ROOMS
. _•; and : 27, Crocker building; . telephone Main
75, San Francisco. Cal. .:'..- - ..
TOHNR. AITKKN ANDMAURICKI- ASHK R,
_ attvs ai law, rum 515,510, Gilt floor, Parrott Wdg. 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 3, 1896.
HOUSES TO LET.
©] 0 HOUB_r^"6^LXRG^ROO_i^ND
«iDXU. yard. 917 Treat aye., near Twenty-
second st.
<2*l O HOUSE 3 LARGE ROOMS AND LARGE
<jP-.0. yard. 212% Eleventh st.
1 0 ROOMS PACIFIC HEIGHTS: ARTISTIC;
— V modern: furnished or not: or will sell one-
third CHsh, balance same as rent. The McCarthy
Co., 646 Market st.
rTIO LET-FINE HOUSE. WITH STABLE; 8
X rooms with bath; $10; water free; will rent
without stable, $33 50. Apply at 618 r ell st. .
OUSK-A NICK HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN _ HAMaiOND, 10
Montgomery st.
T OOK AT R-ROOM HOUSE. 26 FRANKLIN
1J *'... near Market: 935 with water: cheap rent.
VUKMSUKU HOUSES.
WANTED- A . 3 OK 4 ROOM FURNISHED
»» Hat or cottage for fady and 3 children: must
be centrally located and reasonable rental. Ad-
Cress with particulars MRS. GRAALFa, 411%
dallfornla st.. city. . . - • "*
T° RENT FOR SUMMER MONTHS— WHOLE
-I or part of large furnished house in Santa Cru»
Mountains: beautiful situation. Address H. GER-
A HP, skvland P. 0., Wrights. Santa Clara Co.
COTTAGES TO . LET.
pOTTAGE: NeXrlY^nF^T^S ROOMR;
V bath; good barn and stable. 828 Hampshire
St., nearTwenty-flrst.
791 COTTAGES ROOMS AND BATH;
'— '-*• garden in front; rent $19; owner, 111 Van
X ess aye, u»ninwW*r»ini»ut » »n*w»*ni
. FLATS TO LET.
$JA %VA R D"s^Cr^2^ROO_lS~Xlfs
sir -V. bath. ASHTON A GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st. ..
1 93! BETWEEN TWENTY-FOURTH
1 ** 1 and Twenty-fifth; 2 upper modern flats:
6 rooms; $12 and $16.
"ft 99 135 ASH AYE., OFF Van NESS,
<IP-u._i._U. near McAllister; top flat: 5 rooms.
\\~ ANTED— A COUPLE TO TAKE HALF OF
¥' furnished fiat: 912. 1233 Bush st
9KI J. a UTTER — NICK SUNNY. FLAT;
4*\JXrt yard front and rear: rent $15. ,
ODKRN FLAT; 5 ROOMS: BATH. 4235
Twentieth a.., near Castro.
P. AO NINTH — BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5
*J\J£i rooms and bath; rent low. ;
fIJIQ bUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS. APPLY
XO. at 539 Howard st.; water free.
MICK SUNNY FLAT: 4 ROOMS; IN GOOD
XI order; rent $10. 224 O'Farrell st.
lOWKR BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 6. LARGE
■i rooms. 30 Vis Moss, on" Howard, nr. Seventh. ■
DKSIKABLK ~ SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern Improvements.
1633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and Uouuh: rent, in-
cluding water, $42 SO. .
Q«l 7 ELEGANT NEW. MODERN SUNNY
VX*X I . flat; 5 rooms; bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
near Twenty-fourth.
I 7 KLLIOT PARK, OFF STEIN KR,' NEAR
X I Geary— 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar;
rent 918 60. Inquire 1911 Geary 3:. '
-U177 TWENTY-THIRD — LOWER FLAT;
_VS I I 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bath
large yard; sun all day; rent 914; wa er free.
C_ 1 A 4-ROOM UPPKR FLAT, HALF A
1 \J. block from Third and Mi_»iou. Apply 15
Grant aye. /
TO 7 RO< AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
tages. from 96 to $.0. BPKCK A CO., 602
Market st.
I' 7 EAT— A NICK FLAT AND OTHERS TO
1 rent by BALDWIN _. HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery su
1 C 1 A MISSION— TOP FLOOR; NICE HOUSE.
XOX _ keeping; 3 or 4 rooms; oath, yard, laun-
dry, basement '
C; I 7 FLAT 5 ROOMS AXD BATH. 1027
<p J I . Post %'.., near Polk-. -
PPER AND LOWER FLAT, 3 AND 4
' rooms, cheap. 1008 Natoma St.. nr. Eleventh.
_IACHUBCH-S ROOMS UNFURNISHED;
"1 \J new flat, near 16th; rent $10: cars pas— |
©1 o 178 NOE, NEAR MARKET - ELE.
tJIXO. gant lower flat; 6 sunny rooms and oath.
1 £A 7 STEINEU. NEAR SUTTKK— LOWER
X O\J I flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
/l^Q7 EIGHTEENTH^ AND 6 ROOMS;
-UOi hath; 911 and 913. .
Ql £ DORK KT_ OFF BRYANT— A FLAT OF
OXO 4 rooms; $9. Inquire 319.
UNNY UPPER FLAT* RO M«: YARD. 62
Norfolk si., near Eleventh, off Folsom.
X'KAR~CITY HALL: FLATS 4 AND 5 ROOMS.
— > 149 Grove st. and 127 and 71tiy 3 Ivy aye.
FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; 912;
' water free. 629 Ivy aye.
VLKUANT NKW FLA i*. SKVB.NTH ST.. BK-
\j low Kivbii:. 5 and 6 ronni''. bath: $8 10 «1 0.
li OISEK.KEFINU IiOOMS.
, . .. . . liunh streofc^-^v>rrr~T^~^
1 9AI BUSH-UNFURNISHED BOOMS FOR
X^\JX housekeeping: use of gas. \_ .
-day htreet.
9Q EDDY-SUNNY FRONT SUITE. SINGLE
_.£/ or double; also light housekeeping rooms;
reasonable. . i ,  . .
Q| 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HOUBE-
«7I I keeping rooms; splendid location; ■ private.
_■ ifth Street. ...
Ql A FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
Ol _ room; kitchen; batb; renovated; pri-
vate: $12. • ; .".
Jessie Street. - -
AJICK JESSIE— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FURNISH-
tIU ed for housekeeping; also front room. :
-toward Street.
7£l 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
« Ul)j sunny suite, with kitchen; others; reason-
able. ■'■ - r^ ■
"1 I_9 HOWARD - SUNNY FURNISHED
XX _ _ i housekeeping rooms; range; bath; rent
9 • 0.
Hyde Street.
91 A HYDE— FRONT AND 2 OTHER
—1. yJ rooms for housekeeping.
L«r_in .Stree:.
Q9£ LARKIX— ELKGANT SUNNY, HOUSE--
♦J-.U keeping aptmts: Ist floor: gas ranges; bath.
_9Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
_:_*£/ sunny housekeeping rooms; also single.
McAllister Street.
71 MCALLISTER— 3 OR 4 SUNNY UNFUR-
I 1 i nished rooms; bath; ' suitable for house-
keeping. ■ •
Minna -irvo:.
071 MINNA. NEAR FIFTH-FURNISHED
'M X Bunny front basement rooms stove
closets; private family.
F.ACZ MI- *NA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O^t\J housekeeping: large yard.
JiiMimi . itti.
IAC' MISSION - FRONT BOOM AND
■ Xy'UU others complete, for housekeeping; «8
and up. .
19^-1 MISSION, CORNER NINTH— B FUR-
X^,\JX nished housekeeping rooms, 912.
1 79 Qi MISSION, kk. 13TH-2 FURNISH-
X I _J-*2 ed -ousekpg rooms: bath, laundry; 98.
Pearl Street.
OrPEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— 2
0 or 3 well -turn housekeeping rooms.
seventh Street.
1 OC SEVENTH— SUNNY FUrtNfSII-
X O\J ed housekeeping rooms from 910 month up.
IQ7 SEVENTH - FURNISHED ROOMS
XO I from 91 up; also housekeeping and transient.
1 49 SEVENTH — NEWLY ■ RENOVATED
1 1£ i rooms; suites and kitchen; also 2 rooms for
light housekeeping. . - ■ .;.'.,_■ ■
1 C 7 " K V H - CONNECTING - ROOMS
XO I and large rooms for housekeeping from 98
UP; ■ ■ ■ '. ..;.,.-■.,■ j
sixth street.
91 fit SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED
-.-vJg front room, with kitchen; rent reasonable.
South. Par-.
"I n SOUTH PARK'— FURNISHED* HOUSE-
-10 keeping suites $8 to $12; 3 unfurnished $7.' ]
'lay lor Street. -
-I A Q TAYLOR - NICELY FURNIBHKD
IUQ rooms; single and for housekeeping; 9160
to $3 a week. •
. third til I —l
pOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD — SINGLE
\J suites, light housekeeping, 95 up; brick build-
Ing: yard. . -'rgtftmBMMMMMM— MM
: lurk sir M.. • ■. • ■ *
1 ICTC BK _ ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
-LIU suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Valencia Street.
1 )dC\ VALEXCIA-2~!SUNNY ROOMS FOR
X4.^.\J housekeeping; $7 50: no children..
' Miscellaneous.
TpURNISHED : AND UNFURNISHED— FINE
J? rooms and flat ■In r quiet family: reasonable
terms; board for persons wishing French conver-
sation. " Inquire at 15^0 < lay si. - v ■■
ROOMS TO LET. ) \
Clementina Street. '
Q AQA CLEMENTINA-FINE RM. WITH OK
O\JU without board; family speak* 3 languages.'
- nay _tr«e.. .
■I "I Q EDDY'— SUNNY', NEWLY FURNISHED
1 JO rooms, $8 up; 2 light housekeeping.
- on EDDY-NICE SUNN Y, SINGLE ROOM,'
1 OO\J 91 uer week.
""■ ROOMS \ TO " LET- Continued .
' . . _ .'lf— th MIBBI.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. VK BTH
0 su, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Eleventh Street. -
9QI ELEVENTH— I OR 2 SUNNY FURNISH-
-Ol ed or unfurnished rooms; reasonable.
—.ill* _ trees.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS-ELECTRIC
XV lights In every room: reading-room contains all
dally papers; open all night: rooms, per night, 35c
to $1 50; week. *2 to $8: rnoiub, $8 to 860: fire
escapes: elevator ou office floor- r'ms for families.
Hit RAMON.*, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE S.
X ART. menager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot <_ cola water.
OOSKDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XV at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
«)_._. CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
Fifth Street. ~~
QflQ FIFTH— NEW MODERN HOUSE; SUN-
OUt/ny bay-window, %'i upward; also house
keeping-rooms, $12 to $14. . » . -- ■ .
.Fourth Street.
not FOURTH- FURNISHED ROOMS 6CIT-
-_._.<) able for 2 gentlemen : $5 per month.
V>e_ry >»
Ol 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
_ 1 {•& unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
Cl Q GEARY-ELEGANT ROOMS FOR OF-
OLO flees, suites and single: sunny: bath. '
791 GEAR*— LARGK HANDSOMELY FUK-
I — iX nlshed rooms; rent reasonable.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
' X handsomely furnished suites: single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
-toward Street.
Ql 9 HOWARD— NICE ROOMS AND BATH
Ol_ from $4 to $6 a month. .-'■'■■
1 Ofl9 UOWARD-3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
loUi rent $8. •
. Hyde Street.
QQ9 HYDE, NR. ELLIS — NICELY FUR-
OO_ nlshed sunny room.; folding-bed; piano;
reasonable. . . ..
-«i.rnT Stream.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
t\. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
\\r X HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
» 1 Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
•ion«« street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
I sunny room; private.
OH 7 . f «'XES~- I'M- VAN WINKLE: NKW
— > V" • management: decani cunny suites and
Uncle: newly. surnished; bain, etc.; $10 to BHa
Lurk in Mreet. . '
SI (\ LARKIN— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, PRI-
UXVJ vate family: from $6 up.
Ql 7 LARKIN — NICKL\ FURNISHED
OX. I rooms: single, double and housekeeping.
Leavenworth Street.
-[A 1 (l LEAVENWOIITH — FURNISHED OR
X 11 \l unfurnished sunny rooms;' front hall
room, $4.
3.vi k<- ; .!«•«..
OCA MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON-ELK-
OiJU gantly furnished; en. suite or single; day,
week or month. ■ ■■ '
VOtsKMITBHOUBK, 1045 MARKKT
X night, 35c to $1 : week. 91 60 to $5: families.
iQT 9 MARKET IVAN NKSS) — UNFUR-
-1O1«_ nlsbed suite; sunny single rooms, $8 to
$10 a month. ■: ■ . -
Montgomery Avenue.
41 QA MONTGOMERY AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
"±i.O nished sunny rooms;, every convenience;
»6 up.
i 4 lution street.
1 QQfi MISSION - LARGE NEWLY fUR-
XOOKJ nished room, $10; bath, grate; nr. Ninth.
O'l urrell Street.
QQQ O'FARRELL NICELY FURNISHED
ODD front suite; suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen.
filf-t °' FA RKLL-COMFORTABLE HOME,
DID small En«lisb family; excellent board op-
tional ; reasonable.
Foist Street.
1 99APOLK— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
_._ — V rooms; rent reasonable.
. , 1 ovrell Street.
99 POWELL, COR. GEARY— 2 LARGE
_._.»/ sunny frout rooms.
- -- >■ Seventh Street. '
1 3fi Si V NT H — NICE SUNNY ,'FUR-
J OU nlshed front «_>gl_ zooms from $1 a week up.
r. ' t. bt_-lm rr 9 . ,
1 SIXTH ST.— NEWLY RENOVATED;
'X ISO sunny rooms; en suite or single: $5 up.
191 SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
i — j 1 : nicely furnlsbea double aud single rooms.
-... _-.__ Sooth Park.
1 £ SOUTH PARK — NICELY FURNISHED
XU front room, 96.
-■ t Mock ton Street.
9A9 1 STOCKTON — NICE SUNNY ROOMS
_.V _a suite or single. MRS. TAPELY.
r-u.ier -tree..
X"l A SI'TTEK— SUNNY ROOMS:
OX. i new and. handsome furniture: bath, hot
and cold: very cheap: front suite for doctor's office.
BUTTER, COK.TAVI.OII-ELKGA.NTLY
I VJiJ newly furnished sunny rooms: en suite or
single. '
1 "1 AQ SITTER, COR. POLK-FINE SUNNY
XX _O furnished rooms; reasonable; light house-
keeping: transient. ■ . -
. Taylor .Street.
1 C'.Q TAYLOR-LARGE DOUBLE PARLORS.
I ' ' •' 920; single and double rooms. $125 and 92.
I_U TAY LOR— NKWLY FURNISHED
X _«/ gunny rooms. 910 up: hot-water batb.
XOO TAYLOR— URNIHHED SUNNY
•-»*-— ' room*; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. . - - ■ . • .-• *
Tenth Street. •
1 9C TENTH— WELL-FURNISHED
-I .-JO room, gas, bath. $9: "mail one, $5.
-bird Street.
m THIRD — FRONT, SUNNY, NEWLY
furnished room a: $3 and 98 per month.
Viu :\«>»* Avenue.
mV A S NESS AYE. — NICELY FUR-
• O°x nlshed; sunny front; all conveniences; no
sign. i •
EWLY FUR. SUNNY ROOMS; MODKRN
Xi flat: board optional. Inquire 808 Van Ness.
C HEAPfcST AND BEST AMERICA-THB
V- 1 WtEkLY CALL, sent to any address In the
linked States or Canada one year lor $1 50. post-
*ce free ■ • > -■•- - • . , ■ ■ . ■ **^
HOABDIXG and KOO3IS.
i COLU.M BIA ' ISQU ARE — SooST* AND
-t board. $20 a month; private family; refer-
ences. • ; •
7 Q7 ELLIS - FURNISHED FRONT
• «-> I bay-wiriMow rooms, with or without board.
pOLUMBIA HOTEL-D. BUCKLEY, ; FOR-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that bis former
reputation as a host will be outdone In his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free buses meet all
trhlns and boats. 123 to 129 Kddy st.: meals 25c.
rpHE STEWART, COR. EI.LIS AND LEAVEN-
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
l_j OTi-lL UKKTJ-NU. 714 _UHH— A FAMILY
XX hotel: references given and required: _ ii mod-
♦-tm cnnvi>nlpnri"i
CHILDREN IiOAUUED.
TvpiDOw" r '_T_ITTLE OIB_
.." between ,2Vi to .0 years of age to board.
Apply at 809 Baker st. ■ ''
• STOKES TO LET. • .^_
JTv^O^NATOM A. "NE lAiTTIFTH-^UITII A iTTlFTH-^UITl
«Ju IU. able for shoemaker or tailor. ASHTON
A CABDr- _R. 411 Montgomery su
. ■ , OFFICES TO LET. . . • '
Tq~77T*i^k^t-fTw oVfices": Sk(>
XO I \J ond floor; new modern brick; reasonable
terras. .\. ,„.■
S~PRKCKELS BUILDING, fl_7 MARKET—'
Elegant sunny offices. $12 60 up; electric-light-
heating and Janitor service free. Apply st building
oru. H. UMBSKN «fe CO.; 14 Montcomtry n.
HOTEL TO LEASE,
O LET— THE AvT'tkLI HOUSE. 317 319
Bush St.*. this welt-known hotel is thoroughly
renovatea, considerably Improved: compares wltn
best •J<J-<-laBs hotel in town. -MADISON A BURKE
~ ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
T^T?_n^_lPB— lJ^ B. A N rTsT aTE COURTS^
J-. damage cases a specialty: money to loan on
estates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California.
T Eli ALBUSINESSTRANSACrED WITHOUT
XJ pabllcltr ; advice free ■ and : confidential p. o
box 2132, San _'r»_cisco. - . , ^ .
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCETIaWS A SPECI-
xV ally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, " collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. U. W. HOWK. att'y-at-law. 860 Market.
, W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. CHRON^
. Icle oldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
rp J. MURRAY, ATTY AND COUNSELOR AT
_'. law: advice tree. 24 Sixth bl, rooms 14. 15.
UTf W. DA V 1 ATTORNK Y-A W, 420
• . •C"*_iivri_tt M.i twum 14 aad 16; ad vis* tx%%,
£ITY REAL ESTATE.
a»97^ft MUST BE SOLdTgOLDKN' GATE
<P_i I UU. aye., near Devlsadero su ; 25x137:6:
cost owner over $3000; street macadamized and
sewered. BALDWIN «fe HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st. • ,
O AYE YOUR DOLLARS. :•-- ■ ■ <
k-J • INVENT THEM • SECURELY.
Golden Gate Park lots. 9th and 10th ayes., H
and I sts., fronting the park; make money easy
by buying one of these cheap lots; ail streets
graded and macadamized.
Price $7&0 nnd upward.
Only $60 cash.
■ Balance $10 monthly. '-.-' •
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
- 10 Montgomery st.
$700 each. CASH. ~
tIPJUU $50 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
Cheapest lots in Richmond; 11th and 12th ayes.,
pet. Lak.. and Calitornla sis. : fine level lots, 25x
1-0 each: streets graded, sewered aud macadam-
ized; near tbe Californla-st. cars and Sutro's elec-
tric road; only a very few left. <
1 - BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
It) Montgomery at.
A FEW REASONS ' i . .. •■■ . .: • -,
,--. ■■■■:.■■' WHY THEY SELL SO FAST.
Location unsurpassed.
Lots $350 to $400. v
Term— ss cash, $5 monthly.
Streets'graded, sewered and macadamized.
Water piped to every lot.
Take the Uuerrero-st. electric cars (Mission or
Valencia transfer at 14th), ride to Cfienery and
Castro sts, an d see the Castro-st. . Addition. '• No
lots in the city so good for the price, either for in-
vestment or home site.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
. 10 Montgomery st.
WNER MUST LEAVE THE CITY; WILL
sell at a great sacrifice for cash ; b\V". cor. Fol-
som and 21st sis., 95x90 ft.
SW. COR. 20TH A TREAT AYE., 25x110 FT.
ALSO 50x100 FT. N. SIDE PAGE ST., 37
feet from Sbrader. bet. Shrader and Stanyan sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
ÜBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHKY. 1149 Mission st.
<U»1 Of} (\(\(\ to loan, city, at 6*: also
t3»XUU.UU_» Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate In probate, small or large sums.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBKE A CO., : 218-220
Montgomery st. " ■■:'■•
IIOR VALENCIA-ST. CORNER AT A
sacrifice. Apply to owner. KELLY. 102 Eddy.
pHEAP-ONB 2-STORY ; HOUSE, LOT; 7
v. 1 rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes; stone walks.
On Waller st.. nr. Btanyan. V a block O. Cute Pane
BICYCLES.
SECONDHAND . WHEELS IN PERFECT
O order: terms, cash or Installment: Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30. Victor $40, Crawford $33,
Be, Hur tandem. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
A '96 YOSEMITE TANDEM. ALMOST NEW,
$100. W. CRANE, 324 Post St.
JW IN FIKLDPK ARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
OP. NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE: $45 A X
t-'O $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGii
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market st.
13ICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, $25 TO $65. HAM-
XJ Uton Cyciery, Baker St., near Hayes.
ICYCLES FOR $20, $25, :?30, $35, $40, $45,
!■* $50. second-hand. 306 Post at.
I-'OR SALE— '96*RAMBJ7Kft: WARWICK: IM-
penal aad Clipper bicycles at great bai gains.
303 Larkin st.
ARK CYCLER Y— NEW WHEELS TO __tT
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
All iater and Powell st. car lines.
. FOJi SALE— CELL AN US.
SALOON OUTFIT FOU SALE: $35. APPLY
1036 Potrero aye.
GOOD CASH REGISTER. MAGUIRE, ISO
Sansome St., room 9. '
■] LADIES' AND 1 GENTS' HIGH-GRADE
X wheel cheap. 811 Octavia st., downstairs.
CdUNflai. DESK AND OFFICE RAILING
for sale. 1154 Mission st.
JUST ARRIVED— 2 PRETTY A NO. 1 FBESH
Durham cows: large milkers. 1312 Folsom st.
OXK HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP!
Apply 210i> Larkin St., after 6 p. m.
IRRIOATOR-", 4 AND 8-HORSK SECOND-
hand gasoline engines, first-class nnd cheap
Address O. X., box 100. Call Office.
-3 H.P. UPRIGHT ENGINE A CENTRlFU-
galpunipattached<tso-:iphtdy!iamo.sl6Misjion
CO L' X T Ks, SHKI.VING, SHOWCASES
bought ant sold. 11-1% Market. bet. 7th _ Bth.
AKHAI.NS TYPEWRITERS: ALL. MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex.. SlO California.
OILERS. _NGINK3,2I>HANDiiACH-INERY,
waterplpes. Mcln'.osh «fc Wolpman. 137 Beala. |
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUi-JJKR, SA.->Hl_> I
» ' doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale. 1166 Mission. ' -
XX J»MAL_ MEDIUM AND LAKUE sl_«
fir» and burglar proof safe. 09. 11l Market
LURE AND BU KULAK. hAF_, LKTTKK-
X press, platform scales and de.sk;choap. 10J Clay. I
X'KW~RANGK_ CHKAPKK THAN __CON'l>- I
-i hand. \V. 8. RAY I.lls Co.. la California s_
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,"
-_ rented, repaired: lowest rataa. LOS Fourth at.
SIN..ER SEWING-MACHINE OFFICE, 1559 i
Market: rent $1 60 to 92 per mo : repulrln-.
- PHYSICIANS.
iSeMOVKD— DR.C? £6 'DONNKLL TO I'JOJ
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
1 ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
TRUSTEES' SALES. ~~~
mß^js^_E_ __T_r' ~ •
X In accordance with the terms and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust
duly executed by B.\RTOL>ME dk LUQUK
(sometimes called us LUOUE) and OATH- '
ERIN A iik LUQCK (sometimes called be
LUG UK), his wife, parties of the first part, to
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, and !
tbe SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
of the third part, dated June 7tn, 1894, and re-
corded In the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Alameda, state of California, In , Liber
506 of Deeds, at pages 809 and following: and In
pursuance of a resolution passed on the 14th day I
of May, 1896, by tne Board or Director* of said I
SAN Fi.ANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a cor- j
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,914), ! '
to secure payment or which the aforesaid deed of I
trust was executed, declaring that default bad
been made In the payment of the priri ipal sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust, »nd requesting and directing said HKM'.Y ;
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, |
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therelu '
to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C CAM PBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on !
FRIDAY, tne 17t!> day of July, A. I). 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Wm. J. Dtngee, I*.ob. 4*50 and 4fa Eighth
stieet, in the City of OaKland, Coun:y of Alnmeda,
state of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the iilgbest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United Slates, all that piece or parcel of land situ-
ate In tb«) City of Alsmeda, County of Aiameda,
State of California, described as tollowti, to wit: <
- Commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Sherman street distant thereon f r y-eieht (48) j
feel northerly, from the northerly line of Buena ! ■
Vista avenue, and running thence northerly along |
said line of Sherman street fifty-two (62) feet; ,
thenoe at right angles westerly one hundred (100) 1
fed: thence at right uncles southerly fifty-two I
(52) feet, and thence at right angles easterly one
hundred (100) feet'to/the point of commence-
ment.''
■ Being portion of lots numbers nine (9), ten (10),
eleven (11) and twelve (12) in Block E, as laid
down and de.iueated on the map entitled "Map of
144 Lot* in Paste Tract, Aiameda County," tiled
February 25th, 1874. in the office of the County
Recorder of said county of Alameda: together
with the appurtenances. -
Tkkms of Sale- Cash in gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
Blgheu on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed: and if not so unld, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. '
. HENRY aOAMPBJC-IO ™__ a ,_.
THADDEUS B. KENT, | Tr »stees.
mRUSTEES' SALE. , •,....
1 In accordance with tbe law and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust, duly
executed by F. A. BROWN," party of the
first part,' to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDKUB B. KENT. Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the SAN -FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part,
dated June 33d, 1890, . and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the County of
Alameda, State of California, in Liber 407 ot Deeds, i
at pages 189 and following: and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 7ih day of May, 1896. by
the Board of Directors of said saX FRAiS CISCO
SAVINGS UN lON, a corporation, and the : hoder
of the note (No. 10,194), to secure payment of
which I the aforesaid deed of trust : was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums due .
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HKNRY C. t'AMPBEi.L and
•1 HADDKUs B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness. ''-'IMMMM^M— — MMUMHOBiIMMrf j
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on 1
FRIDAY, the 17th day of July. A. D. 1898, at 12 i
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of ■ William J. . Dlngee, No. 460 and 462 |
Eighth street, in the City of Oakland, County of
Aiameda, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, all the pieces or parcels
Of : land, situate in I the i Township of Brooklyn,
County of Alameda, described us follows, to wit: •
I Lots I numbers twenty-one (21) and twenty-two
(22), in block number two (2). as laid down and
delineated on ! map entitled "Map No."- 2 of the
Blasdel Tract. East Oakland Heights, Resub-
dlvided June, 1890, W. F. Boardman, C. E.." file-
June 9th, 1890, In the office of the County Re-
corder, nt said County of Alitmeda, and to which
map and the record - thereof . special reference Is
hereby; made for further or : more particular de-
scription, together with the appurtenances.' -
I Terms of Sale— id gold coin of the United
States; ten percent payable to the undersigned on 1
the fall of ■ the hammer: \ balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless tor want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited -and; the »ale to be void.
Acts Of sale at purchaser's expense."
HF.NRY C. CAJIVBKIiti, 1 -„ .^_ '
T_tA_>_>_; U6 B. __ X, $ T . rus ' eea>
_ COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
TpOR RENT— FINE FULLY FURNISHED RE-
- sort; Sonoma County; reasonable terms to re-
sponsible party. EDWIN. K. ALSIP & CO., room
-9, Mills building, second floor. . . . '
PORTLAND, OREGON, FRUIT FARM:
X For sale— 2O-acre farm in high state of culti-
vation seven acres are planted to American vari-
ety of > grapes, namely: ■ the Concord, - Diamond,
Katon, Moore's Karly Worden, Niagara, now full
bearing; several hundred large red gooseberries;
half an acre planted to cherries, pears, apples,
prunes, plums: one and a half acres planted of
Fay's and cherry currants; new five-room hard-
finished one and a half story . house, heated by
hot water: a barn: wagon-shed: new greenhouse,
25x52; good well: fine water; windmill and run-
ning water the year round ; this place is on a good
level county road, four miles from Portland city
limits and eight miles from center of I'ortland;
price, $10,000. or can be livided Into two 10-acre
tracts— the tract with building. $6000: the other,
if 4000; three and a half acres of grapes on each
tract; it is divided by county road; terms are half
cash, balance at 6 per cent. Address FREDERICK
LIN D, Fulton P. 0., Multnomah County, Oregon.
'Sil 9 drift choice STOCK RANCH IN SO-
<IT X _. \J\J\Jm noma County : 1000 acres; good im-
provements: abundance of wood and water; near
railroad station; no mart paw: will exchange for
residence in San Francisco, Oakland or Alameda.
SUAINWALD, BUCKBKE _: CO., Mills building,
218-220 Montgomery st. .
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES _6 MILES
J-'A from city; lo.s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40. t0 $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com -
pany, 65 Chronicle building. ■ • .
Cj QF^nn 320 ACRES FINE LAND NEAR
OU\J \J. Reading: fine fruit and grazing;
plenty wood and water; exchange, for cltv proo-
erty; pay difference. 1. C. ScHABFF, 20 Mont-
gomery. „ - - .
A LAMBDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
xx est In the State; selling In tracts. 6 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell ; 1% hours inn M. _". ;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
LITTLE HOME& CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
proved, easy terms; also 4 to 13 acre pieces,
on 8 and JO years' credit. D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market su, 8. P.
L^OR CASH OR CITY RE A L ESTATE— S- ACRE
X good improved ranch in Petaluma. Apply 516
Second st.
TO R_NT— FARM. OF 200 ACRES; FULLY
X equipped : cheap. Address P., box 6, Call.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HO MiSS
O for gale. WOOSTKR .<- WHITTON. Pan Jo".
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
L^A^pl*N^r_rTrß^T7~T^l_r^M^i r^THß
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 ieet, from $80 to
$200; small deposit; easy installments: Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. . GEORGE
W. HAIOH T. 2-0 Sansome st.. San Francisco. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN-$lOO CASH; $10 65 PER MONTH:
house of 5 rooms and bath: force pump: small
stable; lot 50x100; 10 minutes' walk to local
train; price $900. WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broad-
war, Oakland. -
OAKLAND *LATS TO LET.
<&1 Q NEW MODERN 7-ROOM FLATS; NO
OXO. dark or inside rooms; stove in Kitchen;
dumbwaiter: water and ash-man free; central;
near Adeline station: apply at once. A. H.
BREED _ CO.. 460 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARDING.
ARIPOSA— MRS. _MMA H. ADAMS^
Newly turnlsned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 666
Eleventh St.. near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LET,
1 . with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
»nd eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st. ■
ALAMEDA ■ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MARCUSE & REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
and builders, Bay-street station, Aiameda,
Cal., telephone 2. '
$2200— 5.5 cash, $20 monthly; 87:6 frontage:
handsome new colonial cottage; 6 rooms and bath.
$2450— cash, $22 50 monthly; 63x117; cot-
tare of 5 rooms and bath. „
$2800— No cash, $^5 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and batb.
$3000— No cash: 8-5 monthly: 37:6x100; NW.
corner: couage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location. • ■ - - -
- Several special bargains in lots. - .
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
. Open Sundays and holidays. • . ,
C*(;()|l/| l ' BEAUTI-XL NEW MODERN
tIpUUUU. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms: Central aye.,
one west of Park si.; It will surely please
yon: investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Xinth st.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS —
i;KK.I..y CALL, In wrapper. for •mailing.
ALAMEDA ROOMS TO LET.
£oqraE?fTir_x'TvK^^
\)<it) Nicely furnished rooms with hoard: piano.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
JOSEPH J. MA SOX, REAL ESTATE AND
0 insurance ageut, .Berkeley station,' adjoining
bank.' •
GOOD UOMKS FOR RKNT OR FOR SALK
on easy ' term". O. G. MAY A CO.. real estate
and baildir.cr. 21 2H Center St.. Berkeley. . -
r_lO___;T_ ; XO CHAN OIL.
9% ACRES, KBRBr Bounty (clears
O_.V Oakland, Alameda property. DECKER.
1020 Market st. ■>.>■.
C ACRE COMPLETE p iultry AND FRUIT
*J ranch at Frultvale: $6000; want house and lot.
J. H. EPSON. 908 Hroalway, Oakland.
1 Qfi" ACRn; RANCH (CLEAR) TO EX-
-xOv' change for small ranch, town or city prop-
erty. Apply 10 U. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
BARGAIN; 6-ROOM HOUSES; RICHMOND-
SSOO cash ; lots or merchandise accepted. 1402
Devi&adero st. '
19£U> ACRES TIMBER LAND. KERN CO.:
J_C M 1 ui.',. r: flneforcat'lp-rrWng. X..hT.l6.('ail
PROPERTY WANTED.
T^al^F^-^OOD^INCOM^ PROPKRtV;
('not over $10,000: must be a bargain. Ad-
dress I. C. box 156, Cal Office.
T/<OR RENT — CHOICEST LOCATION IN
T Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley. •
MOSEY TO LOAN. '
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWKLiIV
STORE. 9*B Market «t.: open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLK; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
eat per month for* each $1000; name rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
VI ONKY LOANED ON JKW_LKV AND
itj other valuable* at the Security Loan Ofllc*
] Market st. .or Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURK OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays: no communions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue Dldg, 1170 Market St.
>V A_UUXT: IST, 111 or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate In Dro-
bate. McCOLU AN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
1 ST A _D MORTOAOKS: INTERESTS IN ES-
tHr«^:lon«>«- rai<>!»:no «I>-1.-m-.MURPHY.62B Mrku
AXJ V A K_J£S OX I>l A AIONDS.J WKLM Y. KTO
Colombia Loan .t Collateral Office. 9 BiaM aye.'
OANS WITHOUT INTEREST UP TO $20
* on good nernriiy. T.whor Kxchtinyp. 236 Clay.
fAWXBBUK-KS. ■ ~~
A T 128 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— " MONET
—^. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: p«<
vat» rooma: valor: ; pledges for sal i cbe»t>. ■ ■
— — — __________
>:oi;Ai.i..
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
HI H. ROONEY. 722 mission— STORAGE at
J. .reduced r&teti; basement storage, sl 50 per load
FURNITURE, PIANOS, TRUNKS? , AD-
vances. shipping. CHA-i. — . TAYLOK.2O4 Post. l
OWKST RATES*— FURNITURE,- 'PIANOS.'
household goods, etc, J. M. I'lerce. 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. 132 ELLI_7
• low rates- firi--nroof building; Kaslern plar M
BiRTHS — mKRIAti-S— DBATtti
f Birth, marriftsc' anl death notices sent by mill
will - not be inserted. < They must be handed in a. >
either of the I publication offices and be tndorsal
with the name and resilience of peraou* autaorUai
to have the »_i_o published.] . , :
80RN. ,.
COLE— In this city, - July 1,1896. to the wife of
P. J. Cole, a son . : . •.
FaLK— in this city, June 80, 1896, to the wife of
Ray G. Falk, a son.
HASKINS— In this city, June 10, 1896, to the
wife of Philip J. Hasklns, a son.
MKNDELSOX— in Oakland, July 1. 1896, to the ;
wife or S. Mendelso.i . a son. •. •'.•■; ." -■ ■- ■. ;
MARRIED. , .
BURROWS— BURR— In" East Oakland, July 1.
1896, by the Rev. V. Marshall Law, William J.
Burrows and Hester A. Burr. ' •
CAVaOVaHO- FAUTZ— In thiv city. July 1,
; ' 1896, by (lie Rev. _'at_«r J. Byrne, August A.
. ....... ... ;.■ . '. — : — - — -— — .
Cavagnaro and Emma C. Fautz, both of Saa
Francisco. « ').',?•* "'
PAULIN— BLINN-In this city, July 1. 1898,
by tbe Rev. Dr. etebblns, Ragnar P. I'aulin and
Faustina H. Bllnn.
GROSS-ARMBRUST — In this city. June 30,
8 _ b Vr by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Charles Gross
and Helene Armbrust. ■
H r o2J INGTOX - SOR TOX-Inth!s'ctty. July 1,
1896, by theKev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Frederic W.
Hunungton of San Francisco and Nettie N. Nor-
ton of Chicago, IIL •-. .- ■■.■•■ ■■
HOLD EN— ROSKE— In Berkeley, July 1, 1899,
by the Rev. J. Clarke - Robbing, John Edwin
H olden of Berkeley and Llllle Frances Roske of
Oakland.
CLASSEN— In this cttv. June 23, 1896,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Knust and
Minnie C. Classen.
KRNYON-LIES-In this city. June 30, 1893.
by the Rev. E. J. Lion, Wwlter J. Kenyon of
Stockton and Camilla E. Lies of San Francisco.
LATHROP— WATSON — In Berkeley. July 2.
1896, at the residence of Mrs. Watson, by the
Rev. Dr. Spaldlng. rector of St. John's Church,
San Francisco, Leland Stanford Latbrop and
Lillian Marian Watson.
ROOT— yon BENDEN— In this city. June 38,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle, Harry L. Root
of Sacramento and Emma yon Benden of Saa
Francisco. '■?. ;.;.>" ..
ROCKHILL— LEWIS— In this city, June 28, 1896,
by the Rev. M. P. Boynton, Mr. Frank M. Rock-
bill and Mrs. Eva. L Lewis, both of Los Angeles.
BCHRODER-PUYOOU— In this city, June 16,
1896. by the Rev. Hermann > Gehrcke, Joseph
Henry Schroder and Lilllo Natalie Puyoou, both,
of San Francisco.
UNDERHILL— SCHELL— In this city, July 1,
896, at the residence of the bride's parents,
3251 Twenty-first street, by the Rev. Dr. E. R.
Dille, Wilson Underhlil of Fresno, Cal., and
Lena Schell of San Francisco.
VANDERPOOL— FALVEY— In this city." June
21. 1896. by the Rev. M. P. Boynton. John A.
Vanderpool of Napa, Cal., and Grace C. Falvey
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bonner, Ellen Gaffney, Eleanor .
Bray, Michael George, Annie
Brans, Henry Hughes. Mrs." May T.
Conway, Annie Lamb, Elbridge Gerry
Cutlen, Captain William McKenna. James
Cunningham, Richard C Michaels, Charles
Dunn, Timothy I. Peart, Benjamin
Dunster, Isabella F. Quinlan. Thomas
Diver, Jennie M. Schlotzhaner, Paul H.
Eberbart, Adolph smith, Matilda .■
Fordham, Patrick . Woerner, David
Garland, George White, li K.
BONNER— In this city. Ellen, beloved wife of
Nell Bonner, and mother of Mrs. Mamie King,
Nell, Maggie, Daniel; John,' Philip ana Fannie
Bonner, and sister of Owen and Charles Herald
and Mrs. Campbell, a native of the parish of
Clonmeny, County Donegal, Ireland, aged 39
years. ■•_.'. ■;
BRAY-In this city, Jnne 30, 1896, Michael Bray,
a native of the parish of Drumlng, County Lim-
erick, Ireland, aged 50 years.
43T ends - and acquaintance* are resoeav
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at .2 . o'clock p. _r.. from the par-
lors of . the San Francisco Undertaking Com-
pany, 1235 Market street, near Ninth. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ......
BRUNS— In this city, July 1. 1896. Henry, be-
. loved husband of Marie Bruns, and father of
Augusta and Helene Bruns, a native of Bremen,
Germany, aged 49 years 1 month and 27 days.
A member of Verein Eintracht and Mission
Torn Vereln. • ■"'•.•
43" Friends and acquaintances are nnnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
July 5, 1896, st 1 o'clock v. _ from Is late
residence, 337 Thirteenth street, between Mis-
sion and Valencia, thence to Verein Elntracbt
Hall, where funeral services will be held at 3
, o'clock p. m. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CONWAY— In this city. July 2, 1896, Annie, be-
loved and Infant daughter of Henry and Lizzie
Conway, I a native of fan Francisco, aged 21
days. Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery. ...
CULLEN— this city, July 1, 1896, Captain Wil-
liam Cullen, beloved father of John J., Paul A..
Mary X., Teresa and Annie A. Culleu, a native of
Ireland, aged 7 4 years.
*3~Frlen<U and acquaintance* an» reioscv.
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 69 South Park, ■ thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
- commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM —TO MORROW (Saturday),
July 4, 1896, at St.' Ignatius Church, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock a. _:., a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Richard C. Cunningham, who
departed this life June 4, 1896, Friends of the
family are invited to attend.
DUNN- Xa this city, July 2. 1898, Timothy 1.,
dearly beloved son of the late Timothy and
Mary Dunn, and brother of Mary. William J.
and James Dunn and the late John V. Dunn,
a native of San Francisco, a»ed 27 years 4 months
and 7 days. Portland (Me.) papers please copy. J
. _9r*Xoticeof funeral hereafter.
DUNSTER-In Oakland, June 28, 1896, Isabella
• F., beloved wife of John Henry Dunster. and
- mother of George W., Franklin J., Thomas E.
and Irene M. Punster, a native of Chicago, II!.,
aged 37 years nd 8 months. :
_ 9~Frienas ana acquaintance] are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS -DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from tne> hall of
Sunset Rebekah Lodge No. 109, 1. O. O. F., cor-
ner Pine ami Seventh streets, West Oakland.
Services under the auspices of Sunset Rebekah
Lodge No. 109. 1. O. O. i\ Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
DIVER— In this city, July 2, 1896, Jennie M.,
beloved wife of Raymond A. Diver, aged 52
years and 6 months, f Litehfield and Marshall
(Mlch.i papers please copy.]
air The funeral services will take place
THIS DAY (Friday), at 2:45 o'clock p. x., at
the parlors of Halsted A Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
£BEKHART— In this city. July 1. 1836, Adolph.
beloved husband of Katharine E., and father of
Adolpb, Pauline C. Ida X-, Charlotte M., Lily
A. and Fannie L. Eberban, a native of Switzer-
land, aged 70 years 8 months and 4 days.
JBSP Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the fnnsral THIS-DW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FORDHAM— In this cltv. July 2, 1896, Patrick,
beloved husband of Maria Fordham. a native of
tbe parish of Ballindareen, County Gal way, Ire-
land, aged 73 years.
GARLAND— In the City and County Hospital,
July 1, 1896, George Garland, aged 70 yean.
GAFFNEY'— In the City and County Hospital,
. July 2, 1896, Eleanor Gaffuey, aged 55 years.
GEORGE- In this city, July 1,1896, Annie, be-
loved wife of Adam George, and daughter of
Mary O'Connor, and sister of James and Mollle
O'Connor, a native of New Orleans, aged -40
years. . • . • - .
Friends ana acquaintances are re*DUV.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, 449 Minna street. Please omit flowers.
HUGHES— In Sacramento, July 1, 1896, Mrs.
May T. Hughes, beloved wife of William H.
Hughes, and mother of Alice and Howard and
Georgle Hughes, and sister of Kitty Gray and
Harriet Webber and Thomas McGratb, a native
of California, aged 26 years 1 month 4 days.
JOTFrienas and acquaintances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from the un-
dertaking parlors of James ' McManas, corner
Seventh and Castro streets, Oakland, nt 2 p. if.
FRIDAY , July 3. Interment Mount-in View
- Cemetery, Oakland.
LAMB— In this city, July 1. 1«96, Elbrldge Gerry
Lamb, a native of New York, aged 74 years and
8 months.
McKENNA— In this city, July 2, 1896. James,
beloved husband of the late Bridget McKenna,
father of James W. McKenna and brother of
. Mrs. William Kllday. a native of County Moaag-
nan, Ireland, aged 70 years. >■■-•■.'-
£"S~Friends and acquaintances are rasoeev
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from tne par-
lors of Carew A English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
near Market street, . thence to - St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of bis soul, commencing as
9 o'clock a. it. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
MICHAELS-In this city, July 1.1898, Charles,
dearly beloved son of Rosa Michaels, and brother
of Mrs. S. J. Levy, Edward. Harry, Isaac, Gus-
ste and Esther Michaels, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years 6 months and 13 days. %p£«g
X_T Friends and acquaintances ar<» resole-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from his late resi-
dence, 1031'Natoma street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth, under the auspices of Court Golden
West No. 20, F. -O. A. Interment Old Salem
Cemetery. No flowers.
PEART— Near Woodland, July 1, 1896, Benjamin
Peart, a native of Lancaster, Pa., aged 66 years
5 months and 13 days. .
QUINLAN— In this city, July 2, 1893. Thomas
Quinian, a native of Ireland, aged 44 years.
SCHLOTZHAUER-In Frultvale, July 1, 1898.
Paul Henry, beloved husband of Katie Schlo'.z-
haner, »nd father of Mrs. Annie Menges, Mrs.
' Dora Walker ; and Frank, : George and. Paul
schlotzhauer, a native .of Germany, aged: 69
years. M|HMBtiSVHM9HRBt4OtaBBt«S]S
'£7*Frlends and acquaintance »r" r<>st>«<r-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from his late
residence, Boston avenue and Beaton street,
>'ruitvale, Alameda County, Cal.
SMITH— In this city, July >1, 1890. Matilda, be-
loved wife of Robert Smith, and mother of Mary
A. and Magsle J. Smith, * native or Count y An-
trim. Ireland, aged 64 years 9 months and 14
-. da vs. ;■-•.-.. -•_. - : : .■_-■'-■ ■.■.•*."-: .-;
■ Friends I and ■ acquaintances are -. respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral THIS UAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from her late
residence, 3 536 Sixteen street, between Castro
and Xoe. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WOBRNER— In this cltv. June 30, 1896. David,
B beloved husband of the late Carmellta Woerner,
and father of Adolph. Gustave, Frederick, David,
Theresa. Louis. Elizabeth, Charles, Henry, John..
- Carmei.ta and .William Woerner, a native of
Ilsteld, Hellbron. Wurtemberg, Germany, aged
63 years 4 months and 4 days.
- ' K3T Friends and .-acquaintances art? respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clocic ; p. _.. from his late resi-
dence, 2908 Washington street, between Devisa-
• dero and Broderick. ' ' .; ' • ■
WHITE— Cazadero, Sonoma County. July 1,
1896, L. E. White, a native of Massachusetts,
a^ed 67 years 8 months and 6 days. ■ '';':,-
Friends and acquaintances : are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
July 5, 1896, at _ o'clock p. if., from his late
residence, corner of Ellsworth and Ward streets,
near D.vight-way station. Berkeley. Interment
private. ■-.., ;.'."- ,;. , ■ ; v ;.;.:" ■ •. -; ..
I McAVOY _ GALLAGHER, I
. DLRKCTOR9 A EMBALM KES
a 0 fifth St., Opp. Lin coin School. • '
Telephone 3080.
1516
LUCKY BALDWIN
SHOT AT IN COURT
Emma Ashley Undertakes
to Avenge Her Sister's
Wrong.
HYSTERICAL GIRL'S ACT.
Two Angry Attorneys Confront
Each Other With
Revolvers.
A BIG HOLE IN THE WALL.
One More Dismal Chapter in the
Wetched Story of the Ashley
Sisters.
"E. J. Baldwin ruined my sister Lillian
and disgraced her name, and, not satis
fied with that, he has, with the help of his
paid witnesses and detectives, heaped un
speakable calumny upon her. I have sat
in that courtroom day after day and heard
them swear those foul things, and she is
my sister — and — and "
And the speaker cried. It was Miss
Emma Ashley speaking. She was sitting
in the City Prison. She had just made a
frenzied attempt to kill E. J. Baldwin, and
only an inch of space had intervened be
tween the millionaire's head and her bul
let
For the second time "Lucky" Baldwin
has escaped an enraged woman's revol
ver. The first time his niece, Verona
Baldwin, waited for him in an upper hall
of his hotel and fired two shots at him.
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning Judge
Slack's court was called to order for the
suit of Lillian A. Ashley against E. J.
Baldwin. It was to be the last day, and
the trial was to have ended at 10 o'clock,
when the Craven-Fair case was to have
beeun.
The plaintiff was on the stand being
cross-examined by Attorney Highton of |
the defense as to the identity of several
photographs of herself. It had been con
tended that she had been on more than
friendly terms with one Osborne, and she
had given him one of the pictures. The
picture was shown her, and she was asked
by the lawyer if it was hers.
"It may be," said she, "but I don't
think it is. "
At that instant Emma Ashley, who had
been sitting on a long bench placed along
the wail at the back of the courtroom,
arose and walked over to ti.e rail, seating j
herself directly behind and near Baldwin, j
as he sat with his attorneys and Henry A.
Unruh, his secretary. As she had been in
the habit of sitting in that place, rather j
close to the defendant's party, no notice
was taken of her movements. In fact, the
mild and quiet demeanor of the woman
throughout the course of the triai has been j
marked. Not a sound has ever come from
her, not even a sob, when her sister was
enduring the terrible cross-questioning at
the hands of the defendant's learned at
torneys. She either sat and listened stol
idly or read her Bible, which she carried
in her handbag.
"Are you quite positive that this is not
your photograph? ' asked Highton of the
witness..
"It is not mine, 1 ' shf> answered, "I never
saw it before — I never wore my hair
crimped so."
"Do I understand you to "
Then a pistol shot rang out and a splash
in the plaster on the wall told where a
deadly bullet had found lodgement. Then
the white powder smoke followed, and all
was confusion.
When the startled Judge looked up from
his notes he saw a large woman with a
revolver grasped in b>»th hands standing
over Baldwin, who sat limp and speech
less in his chair, his face whiter than the
few locks of hair on his head.
With her weapon a few inches from the
back of his head she had fired, but it be
ing a double action or self-cocking revol
ver the muscular force required to pull
the trigger back had elevated the muzzle
of the gun and the leaden missile went
high to strike the opposite wall.
Before another shot could be fired, if
Buch was the maddened woman's inten
tion, Henry A. Unruh sprang up. and,
reaching over the rail, grabbed her hands.
She held Srmly to her weapon and a fierce
struggle took place. For a few instants
not another move was made. The witness
sat in her chair stricken dumb, her face as
pale as that of the man who had just es
caped death. The attorneys, a few seconds
before engaged in their wordy battle, were
silent, so quickly had it all come upon
them.
But the shock of the unexpected soon
passed and confusion reigned throughout
the room. Attorney Crittenden started
forward just as Unruh wrenched the pistol
' y_ HEW TO-PAT.
« Jamaica
(singer
: '+---:"* ■ - -
has been curing the ills
of human kind. A spe- j
cific for all stomach trou- I
bles. Sold everywhere, j
Ask for
FRED BROWN CO..
PHILADELPHIA. ■
The Scene in Judge Slack's Court Yesterday Morning When Emma Ashley, Sister of the Plaintiff in the Ashley-Baldwin Case, Tried to
Kill the Man Whose Nickname "Lucky" Is so Justly Deserved.
from Miss Ashley. He turned around,
flourishing the weapon in his hand and
faced Crittenden, who doubtless, in his
excitement, thought that Unruh in
tended to assault him. He quickly
threw his right hand to his hip and partly
drew a pistol from his pocket, shouting,
"Drop that gun."
This new stage in the course of affairs
awoke the spectators to the fact that two
excited and angry men were confronting
each other with weapons in their hands, j
Highton and Lloyd soon approached
the two, and Clerk James McElroy sprang
between them and, disarming Unruh,
ordered Crittenden not to draw his pistol.
In the meantime Emma Ashley had run
around to the southern part of the room j
pursued by Baldwin, angry and excited.
While they were struggling together
Judge Slack stepped down from behind
his desk and separated them, and the
qniet and dignity of the court came back
again.
"Mr. Crittenden," said the Judge, "have
you a pistol?"
"Yes, sir," answered the lawyer.
"Deliver it up at once, sir," ordered the
court.
The attorney did so, and the two
weapons soon lay side by side in the clerk's
drawer.
"Mr. Crittenden," said bis Honor
sternly, "you must show cause before this
court why you should not be punished tor
contempt. Why do you come here
armed ?''
"I live across the bay, your Honor, and
carry a pistol simply for Drotection. I
have always done so. I would not have
attempted to draw it had not Mr. L'nruh
made a hostile demonstration toward me
I with the other gun. He was pointing it
directly at me, otherwise I should not
have gone for my own weapon. If I am
cited for contempt I ask that Mr. Unruh
be treated the same, as his action caused
me to act as I did."
"Very well. I will order you both to
appear before me to-morrow morning at
| 11 o'clock."
The court then asked if there were any
: more revolvers in the room, and all present
j denied that they were armed.
Qaiet having settled down upon the
! court the trial was about to proceed, when
Lillian Ashley, who had remained in an
almost fainting condition through all the
I tumult seated in the witness-chair, sud
; denly began to cry.
"O, I can't go on," she said, wringing
i her hands in a pitiful manner; "1 am all
1 unstrung. My baby is sick unto death at
! home and this is the last straw. I don't
j know what to do — what to do, nor what to
! say. What have J done that all this
I should come upon me? It seems that I
; haven't had enough to contend with all
I these terrible days, and now this muet
come! O, my sister, my baby! I can't
Igo on now — I can't."
I And, utterly broken down, the woman
i sobbed in her wretchedness.
"I think we are ali too excited and too
j nervous for further proceedings to-day,"
i said Judge Slack. "I will bear the con
j tempt proceedings to-morrow morning
j and will resume the trial of this case next
| Monday morning at 11 o'clock."
As Miss Emma Ashley was being taken
down to the City Pnson'she acted like a
person demented. She stared up at the
ceiling and sang "Nearer, My God, to
Thee" and fragments of other hymns. She
wanted to kneel down and pray, and said
she bad asked God to direct her, and it
was not his will that her sister's seducer
should die now. One of her sister's attor
neys walked with her, and she asked him
his name, failing to recognize him.
She stood calmly in the police station,
where she was formally charged with as-
I sault to commit murder. In the ma
tron's room she walked up and down the
little apartment, wringing her hands and
crying.
"O, I did it, I did it. I shot him because
he has ruined my poor sister, and ruined
all of us. I sat in the courtroom and heard
his witnesses from the East accuse her of
; gross immorality. And that dear little
baby, Baldwin's own child, that JooKs just
like him, is at home dying, I think, for
want of proper care, medicine and food. I
I sat till morning after court adjourned last
j night and nursed that poor suffering child,
I and this morning I did not take a bite of
I nourishment, but came down to the trial.
"I asked God on my knees this morning
if I should do it, and prayed if it were not
| right to make me fail. I gueaa it was not
I ri^ht. But lam trusting in him even in
ttiis dark hour. I have never done any
thing wrong in my life. I came from my
.'ciiool over two years ago at the call of
LiJlian, who was in trouble. I would have
graduated but this came, and ray nappy
school days were over. Nobody knows
what anguish 1 have suffered, what hard
ships and poverty I have put up with since
I came to California.
"And neither have I suffered alone, for
poor Lillian and baby have suffered, too.
Last Thankseiyine we sat down to a din
ner of thin soup and crackers, aud while
sitting there over that poor meal we read
in a scrap of a newspaper how E. J. BalJ- I
win entertained a party richly. That was
our dessert. God only knows how this will
end, but He is our only trust.''
Then she clasped her hands together,
and, looking upward, began to pray.
In the small Bible which she carried in
her hands during the trial, and which she
must have been reading just before sue
fired the shot at Baldwin, was a mark at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULr 3, ioye.
the thirteenth chapter of John, twenty
sixth and twenty-seventh verses. They
Rive an account of the entrance of Satan
into the heart of Judas Iscariol, inciting
the unfaithful disciple to betray his mas
ter.
NEVER TOUCHED HIM.
Lucky Baldwin Says He Felt the
Bullet Pass the Tod of
His Head.
"Lucky" Baldwin walked jauntily out
of the City Hall and downtown to his
hotel as though one of his horses had
brought home a plethoric purse. Before
he went out of the courtroom he took a
look at the bole in the wall which the bul
let made after missing his head, and
said, "It never touched me."
"I saw my hair fly up," he continued,
"but such things never disturb me. I often
noticed the woman sitting close behind
me, but she seemed to be of a religious
turn of mind and was always reading her
Bible. I did not know of her near pres
ence until I felt the wind of the bullet lift
my hair up and the tingle as the lead flew
so closely over my scalp."
While he was standing in court
room, rather ruthfully looking at the
Miss I mma Ashley, the Young Woman Who Tried to Kill E. J. Baldwin.
pitted wall, Attorney Lloyd clapped him
on the shoulder and said, comfortingly :
"Well, old man. you live up to your name,
and are Lucky Baldwin indeed."
The weapon was a cheap double-action
38-caliber five-chambered revolver. When
examined alter the shooting one chamber
was found empty.
In Police Judpe Joachimsen's court last
evening a warrant was issued for Emma
Amanda Ashley's arrest, with bail fixed at
$10,000. Her attorneys, Crittenden and
Van Wyck, considered this sum excessive
and argued against it, but Baldwin's
attorneys insisted that it should stand in
that sum. An effort will be made to get
the bail reduced.
Yesterday afternoon a physician treated
Emma Asnley's hand, which was badly
wrenched in her struggle with Henry
Unruh.
ALL WERE EXCITED.
Attorney CrSttenden Thought Un
ruh Intended to Assault Him
With Emma Ashley's Pistol.
"The report of that revolver came like a
veritable bombshell to me," *aid Attorney
Crittenden, soon after the snooting. "At
first I couldn't locate the sound and of
course I was much excited. When I saw
Mr. Unruh struggling over the rail with
Miss Emma Ashiev my first impulse was
to learn why and to separate them. As
he jerked the revolver out of her hands
he whirled around as if to meet me with
the weapon pointed directly toward me.
He seemed to be intent upon using it; why
I could not understand. He was certainly
trying to cock the gun and it struck me
that I had better look out for myself.
"So of course I threw my band behind
me toward the pocket in which I carried
my pistol. When I saw there was no need
I did not draw it out, and when I was or
dered to surrender the weapon I did so.
"I imagine we were ali pretty well ex
: cited, and probably did not have a clear
| idea of affairs. I was surprised to see a
young woman so quiet and gentle wrought
up to tne point of using a revolver as she
did. Through all the trial she has sat
silently in the courtroom, and I have
never heard any outbreak from her. She
must have been laboring under some se
vere nervous excitement that made her
unaccountable for her acts."
EMMA A. ASHLEY.
A Quiet, Religious Person, She Was
Not Considered to Ba a
Desperate Character.
Emma Amanda Ashley is a large woman,
weighing over 200 pounds, but is of corn-
pact build and does not appear to weigh
within twenty-five pounds of that figure,
bne is fair, with blue eyes and very light
brown hair like her sister Lillian, and was
born in Vermont twenty-two years ago,
tieine about five years younger than the
plaintiff in the now celebrated Ashley-
Baldwin case. She has always been a
member of the church and of a very relig
ious nature, and even to strangers she ap
peared to be a mild, timid sort of person.
"I would never have considered that
woman of the kind that carry guns," said
Attorney R. H. Lloyd last" evening. "I
have been watching for a possible out
break on the part of th 3 other one, but
have looked upon Emma Ashley as harm
less. I often noticed her sitting near us,
nut paid no partfcuiar attention to that.
It was the appearance of the photograph
that started her out of her lethargy. It
proved that the plaintiff had not told the
truth regarding the pictures of herself
that Osborne had. This woman, in all
probability, recognized the photograph,
and realizing that the game was lost, was
excited to frenzy and pulled her gun for
deadly work."
LILLIAN'S STORY.
She Js at a Total Loss to Account
for Her Sister Emma's Des
perate Act.
Miss Lillian Ashley was seen at her
room shortly after the shooting. She was
trying to prepare a flaxseed poultice for
her baby, who is very ill with bronchitis.
The little child lay tossing on the bed, its
tiny face drawn in the intensity of its suf
fering. At the request of its mother it
looked up and lisped that it was "Lucky
Baldwin's baby girl."
"I do not understand it at all," said the
mother, "and I am not able to tell any
thing about the incident. It is so unlike
sister. That is not her disposition, and I
never heard her speak as though she was
desperate. lam also at a loss to account
for the pistol. If she had it all the time
she -has kept the fact from me. Oh, why
has all this come upon us?
"When I was in such deep trouble I
thought of my young sister at school and,
having no one else to apply to, I sent for
her. When she, arrived here baby was
several months old, and that was the first
she knew of my being a mother. You
may well imagine her feelings, but she
hurriedly put her sorrow away, and has
been a good and a most patient nurse to
our helpless innocent baby. There never
was a sacrifice too great that she was not
willing to make for this child without a
father. We two wretched sisters have
struggled for our three lives such as few
women have struggled before. But no
need to speak of the past when the dread
ful present and the more dreadful future
is at hand.
"In October, 1891, I met E. J. Baldwin
in my happy Eastern home. I had every
comfort and life looked very hopeful to
me. Now look at me. Fair name gone; I
womanhood ruined; feeding upon the
ashes of a dead life; a veritable Hester
Prynne walking through the scornful
multitude.
"Sister has had but little sleep for almost
a week, being at the trial all day and
sitting up much of the night with this
child. She must have grown so nervous I
that she was not accountable for her
actions. I can't find any other reason and
I am wholly in the dark regarding the
whole matter."
JUDGE SLACK'S ACTION.
How His Honor Restored Order
After the Attempted
Murder.
Judge Slack's actions throughout the
exciting scene in his courtroom were such
as might have been expected on the part
of that decisive official. The report of the
pistol of the would-be murderess had
hardly died away before his Honor set
about restoring order. He left the bench
and coming down past the clerK's desk
commanded the excited attorneys and
spectators to take their seats.
Miss Emma Ashley had been disarmed,
but Lawyer Crittenden and Superintendent
Unruh seemed about to spill one another's
blood. Judge Slack's determined words
brought the men to a realization of their
surroundings, and in a moment, except
for the sobbing of Lillian Ashley, the
courtroom baa resumed its usual quiet.
After court adjourned, the Judge told
several reporters his impression of the
dramatic scene.
"1 was engaged looking over a paper
which had been handed me," he said, "and
not looking in the direction of Mr. Bald
win when the shooting took place. The in
stant the report sounded I looked up and
saw Miss Ashley holding the pistol in her
hand. Mr. Unruh immediately grasped
her and took the pistol from her. While
the young woman was being secured, Mr.
Crittenden and Mr. Unruh seemed in dan
ger of getting into a difficulty.
"I commanded them to be seated. Mr.
Unruh held the pistol which he had taken
from Miss Ashley and Mr. Crittenden's
attitude suggested that he might draw one
from his pocket.
'After order was in a measure obtained,
I asked Mr. Crittenden if he had a pistol
in hie pocket. He acknowledged that he
had and handed it to the clerk. No one
else acknowledged being armed. I then
ordered both Mr. Crittenden and Mr. Un
ruh to appear in court to-morrow and ex
plnin their actions.
"The attorneys on both sides were ready
to continue the case, hut Miss Lillian
Ashley, who was testifying when the
trouble occurred, was on the verge of hys
terics and I thought it better to continue
the hearing until Monday."
The Thieving Supervisors is the subject of
one of the leading articles in Barry's Star. *
Fruit Shipments.
Fruit shipments from California for the first
six months of the year are somewhat below
those of the year before, owing to the
bactwardness of the season. For tfte six
months ending with June 30, 1895, there were
shipped 623 carloads, including 90 carloads of
apples. For the same period of 1896 438 car
loads were shipped, and these shipments in
cluded no apples, as this fruit is about three
weeks late. ._.
When Baby was 6ick, we gave her Castoi ia.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
NEW TO-DAT-DBT GOODS. :
TO^DAA^S^PECIALS
— : — - :: — :
A :=: GREAT :=: SACRIFICE!
To bring the sales of this THE LAST BUSINESS DAY OF THE
WEEK up to the EXTRAORDINARY RECORD of the preceding
days we offer the following and many other lines at
CUTS Il\ PRICES!
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
]VECKWEiVn.
At 15 Cents.
350 dozen LADIES' AND GENTS' TECK
and REVERSIBLE fOUR-IN-HAND
SCARFS, in a variety of stylish pat-
terns, regular price 25c, will be closed
out at 15c each.
At 25 Cents.
350 dozen LATEST STYLE TECK AND
FOUR-IN-HAND SCARFS, in plaids,
stripes, figured and Dresden effects,
usually sold "at 50c and 75c each, will
be offered at 25c each.
BOYS' WAISTSAND BLOUSES !
At 35 Cents.
90 dozen FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES AND
PLEATED WAISTS, in light and dark
colors, regularly sold at 65c, will be
closed out at 35c eacb.
BOYS' Slip SUITS!
At 65 Cents.
65 dozen SAILOR SUITS, made of Striped
Linen Duck, Galatea collar and cuffs,
lanyard and whistle, regular price $1,
sale price 65c each.
WASH GOODS.
50 pieces WIDE-WIDTH HEAVY ENGLISH PERCALES, the 15c grade, at) 171^
250 pieces WOVEN SHIRRED CREPON, every one new and stylish, a great) H\
line, value for 12}£c on sale at. .J 1 2^
4 cases HEAVY WOVEN TENNIS FLANNELS, a clean, good fabric, the) t^
Bj^c grade, on sale at '. .....................'... ) O\j
300 pieces BEST % INDIGO PRINTS, all fast colors, the Bj^c cloth, on sale at) A*
. . . " ■ ■
1 Case National Bunting for Decorating, per yard, 5c
/ BfgH&*^ MURPHY BTJILDrNG, /
(/(/ Muriel SlTfifii corner of Jou; /
CLOSING
'EM
OUT!
Our Summer Stock :of Tan ;
Shoes now offered fa r below
factory prices.
{NPi'i rfj ft -j K Ladies' Tan Boots,
I t I VtAV latest styles; needle or
/ V I . narrow, square toes,-
C V-shaped Tan ; all sizes
button or lace; very
latest styles; needle or
narrow square toes, •
V-shaped tips ; all sizes
r\^ ts\ and widths— s2.ls.
\^_Vv_v\ Cannot be bought
YTx^V elsewhere for less than '
■7"? X S* B^^>s3.oo.
As $1 /IK Ladies 1 Tan Kid Cloth
/**— — »M Top Oxford Ties, nee-
\\~ yt die toe.-V-shaped tip,
w^%. \l , turned soles; in
Vpc "• all sizes and widths—
v —* at $1.45.
Vfl 4?1 1?\ Misses' Tan Button,
\ %\ <M«ltF s P rin - . heel narrow
1 V V •'-'■ square toe, V-shaped
/ 7\rV tip, straight foxed;
I ip \^ very stylish and good
p^^/Vf,* =S. wearers; sizes 11 to 2 —
» Nat U^/* Ladies' Russet Oxford, i
r^ "'""■-% UVXJ pointed toe, V-shaped j
I " Vv, tip, turned soles; sizes i
V T^^T*"*^^^ 2^ to 7— 95 c.
<M ACT Ladies' Extra Quality
v \l MriTan Oxford Ties; !
t-.-sssSt™** v " hand - turned soles, |
ft*""* ""^k needle toe, V-shaped
V^-^Vyi^^. tip; strictly latest
\~r*C style in every detail —
- J **^ atsl.9s.
1346 and I.MS Market Street*
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
<j% 7 ™ 4 rooms
%qP m; i^dr i INSISTING op
:F=xj H.NITTJR.E
PARLOR,BEDROOM L DIMING-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapesiry Brussels, per yard 50 Cents
OilCloth, per yard ';'. ... ........ .... .25 Cents
Matting, per yard .... ................. 10 Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ■■'■ 825 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror ...... S£s OO
T. BRILLIANT,
41 0 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS ;
' FoaT-Room Catalogues Mailed Free. '.
JC7* Free Packing and Delivery across the Bar. >,
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
Is* powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tin
sexnal and urinary orgass ot both sexes, and *
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great .Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervlna.
bells on * Its own Merita— no lonir-wlnded teiii"
monlals necessary. . : .-~rT
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-IHARLE3 ■H. PHILLIPS, : ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary FubUc, 638 Market . st, oppo-
Palace HoteL Telephone 570. Besldooo* 1&I
ieUit. - lei lion*, "fine" V&tfl. -
HOSIERY APJJMERWEAR!
At 12# Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COT-
TON HOSE, seamless, double knees,
heels and toes, regular price 20c, re-
duced to 12>£c a pair.
At 12 l A Cents a Pair.
LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON
HOSE, high-spliced heels and toes, full
finished, fast black, regular price 2ac,
reduced to l'J^c a pair.
At 25 Cents Each.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN
COTTON VESTS, high neck, long
sleeves, drawers to match, regular
price 50c, reduced to 25c each.
At 35 Cents Each.
BOYS' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY
WOOL SHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
warranted non - shrinkable, regular
price 65c and 75c, reduced to 35c each.
At 50 Cents Each.
CHILDREN'S SILVER GRAY SANI-
TARY CASHMERE WOOL SHIRTS
AND DRAWERS, non - shrinkable,
regular price 75c and 85c, reduced to
50c each.
REDUCED RATES
FOR
4th of July
-EXCURSIONS^
HAVE BEEN MADE BY THE
| SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
FOB
Round-Trip Tickets
BETWEEN ALL STATIONS ON ITS
. LINES AS FOLLOWS:.
i ONE FARE AND A THIRD:
To Stations Distant from Selling Sta-
tion 125 Miles or Less.
i ONE FARE AND A FIFTH :
To Stations Distant from Selling Sis-
tion 200 Miles ot Lees, but oT«r 125
M lies.
ONE SINGLE FARE:
To Stations Distant from Selling Sta-
tion 300 Miles or Less, but over 200
miles.
Tickets eood for going trip on July 3d
and 4th.
Good for return till and including July 7.
THESUCCESSQF THE SEASOS
! THE LADi'GBILL BOOM
Of THE •
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT .ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
*"■'"'■" •__' ■ .__•■•,. ■ ■: ■■' ■- ■ •■;
WEDDING
; Invitations. Announcements, Cards, e&.", Engraved
i and Printed. Correct style, low rates. 20 samples
t and directions for correct form, modern weddings,
< mafledpostpald for 10 cents In stamps. » BRUNT
! Fine. Pbijjtino, 535 Clay St.. San Francisco. Call
iTMIIIin A laxative refßWhluf tm
1 la Isl &I X frult lozen ce.
I n 111 1 1 very agreeable to take.
, CONSTIPATION
_ mm'.'^. m _ hemorrhoids, bile, -
811 II I L SI low of appetite, gastric &M
lIVIII E. PI intestinal troubles and
■ ■■ ■• ■ ■*■■•' ■■ ;; headache arising
■■ ■'■"-•. from them.
Anil I AM c. obilLon,
II X I 1 IN iS Rue dcs Archives! Part*
lIS 811 RmB»«I if Bold by til DnngUt*