VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 45.
RAN ASHORE
IN A FOG,
The Pacific Mail Steamer
Colombia Strikes Near
Pescadero.
PASSENGERS BROUGHT
TO THIS CITY.
The Vessel Is Fast Upon a Sub
merged Rock and May
Be Saved.
COOLNESS SHOWN BT THOSE ON
BOARD.
The Disaster Believed to Have Been
Caused by the Mistaking of
Signals.
PESCADERO, Cal., Jnly 14.— The
steamer Colombia of the Pacific Mail line
went ashore near Pigeon Point at 8 o'clock
this morning. She was on her way from
Panama, via Acapulco, for San Francisco,
and had a full load of New York mer
chandise and coflee and <ixty-two passen
ger? aboard.
Ali went well until Cypress Point was
reached, and then the fog began to settle
down. Crossing Monterey Bay it lifted a
little, but settled down heavier than ever
during the early hours of this morning.
No one thought of dancer and the passen
gers enjoyed a sound night's rest.
It was different with Captain Clark and
his officers, however. They were all on
watch throughout ihe night and the en
tire crew was on deck. At 8 A.. M. it was
impossible to see twenty yards ahead and
Captain Clark was in a quandary. Many
of the passengers cams on deck, but the
fog soon chilled them and they returned
to their staterooms. Just as the breakfast
bell was rinsing there was a scraping along
the keel that set everybody's nerves on
the tingle and a few seconds later the Co
lombia struck heavily on a partly sab
merged rock.
She was hard and fast on the rock and,
although kedges were put oat and the en
gines worked to their full capacity, she
would not budge.
Some little alarm broke out among the
passengers when it was discovered that one
of the forward compartments was filled
with water. Then an attempt was made
to lower tha boats, but as the surf was
breaking over the jagjred rocks and against
the cliffs in a continuous streak of foam
i t was decided thai it would be dangerous,
Pigeon Point Lighthouse Near Which the Steamship Co)ombia Went Ashore
Yesterday.
so everybody stayed by the ship. The
skipper finally made the passengers under
stand that there w»s really no danger
and persuaded some of them to go down
etairs and take breakfast. The majority,
however, had no heart to try to eat, and
wandered around the decK watching the
shore in the vain hope of seeine some
avenue of escape.
The Colombia struck fairly on the rocks
and had she not been supplied with water
tight, compartments would have undoubt
edly gone down in a short time, and nearly
all on board would have perished. To
morrow morning will witness a busy
scene under the lighthouse, as word has
just arrived that there are at least a dozen
Uiks and bteam schooners on their way to
rescue the disabled vessel. The opinion
here is that the Mail Company will.be
lucky if n saves the cargo alone.
MISTOOK THE BIGSALS
The Captain of f the Colombia Steered
filrnttfht to the Hock*. ■ ■■■.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 14.— The news
of the Kointr ashore of the steamer Colom
bia on ihe rocks at Pigeon Point, off Pes
cadero, was first received here by wire
from San Francisco this morning. ;No
definite or detailed information ■ could be
The San Francisco Call
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's Steamer Colombia Went Ashore on Pigeon Point in a Dense Fog at 8 A. M. Yesterday. The Disaster Occurred
Without a Moment's Warning and the Sixty-two Cabin and Steerage Passengers Were Panic-Stricken. No Loss of Life Occurred but It Is Feared the
Vessel Will Be a Total Loss.
i
obtained until the arrival of the Pescadero j
stage, after 5 o'clock this evening, as there
is neither telephone nor telegraph connec
tion direct between Santa Cruz and Pes
cadero.
Mr. Harvey, proprietor and driver of the ;
stage, brought all the information obtain
able from some of the sailors who had
come ashore before he left. The steamer
was resting easily, but there was no hope
of getting it off, aB it had struck hard and
tta bottom was badly punctured in several j
places. It went onto the rocks under a j
full head of steam, and with sucli Bpeed j
and force that it is likely to stay there j
until it goes to pieces.
There were eighty passengers aboard
when Harvey left, but their lives were in
no apparent danger, as they could be eas
ily sent ashore. Hartev was informed :
that the Colombia bad $500,000 in specie !
aboard. He believed from his own obser- i
vations and from the talk he had with the |
Bailors that the chances were goo<l for
saving everything except the steamer .
itself, and even the vessel might be !
brought off with the assistance of the
tugs called from San Francisco and a
favorable tide, but that was not probable.
The coast in the region of Pescadero is
rough, but when following the current
and obeying the signals on New Years
Point and Piseon Point ships are in no
danger in passing that bit of coast and
heading for the Golden Gate. There is a
semi-circular bay lying between the two
points, and the signal on New Years
Point, if it had been heeded or not mis
understood, would have kept the Colom- j
hia directly on its easterly course until it I
should stand off Pieeon Point, where a
signal would have directed it into the cur
rent that loads direct to the Golden Gate.
But the captain of the Colombia evi
dently mistook the signal on New Years
Point, for upon passing that point he j
steered to the north and headed directly i
for the rocks lying in the upoer edge of
the bay and just below and west of Pigeon
Point. Had he passed Pigeon Point and
then steered northward he would have
swung into the current and been safe on
his way to San Francisco.
HOW SHE STRUCK.
JVews at an Early Hour This Morning
Telia Further Itetails of the Misjortune.
PESCAOERO, Cal., July 15, 2 A. M.—
The steamship lies hard and fast.
She first touched on her port bow with a
slight shock and slid further upon the
reef, rising and falling on the swell, and
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 15, 1896.
finally became stationary with the for
ward half of hull aground.
Purser riarnette and C. B. Lsstrato. a
passenger, went ashore, first going to the
light and then working their way to Pcs
! cadero, seven miles up the coast, whence
telecrams were sent to San Francisco.
In response to the dispatches the tugd
Fearless and Reliance arrived at about 3
in, the afternoon, and took all .the cabin
i and steerage passengers off the steamer
I and started for San Francisco.
There was no confusion, and the boats
were made ready for lowering. Alter a
i few minutes the officers succeeded in
quietine the fears of the lady passengers
and everybody quietly awaited the com
inp of the tugs.
The Colombia was going at a slow speed,
' ana when she struck was headed directly
in shore, showing that Captain Clark, who
, was on the bridge, had lost bis beariiigs
; and was steaming wildly through the
dense fog.
He did not locate the Pigeon Point fog
l horn that was a quarter of a mile north
i ward of him, nor the breakers on the beach
j sixty feet ahead.
The vessel passed Ano Nuevo Island,
| which is about seven miles south of Pigeon
j Point, a little after 7 o'clock this morning.
It has a foghorn which was heard dis
tinctly on board. The breeze was light,
with a moderate sea, but the fog had
settled thickly down on the ocean.
Captain Clarfc on the bridge kept listen
ing for the Pigeon Point born, which he
Knew should sound on his port bow.
As far as can be learned he mistook the
Ano Nuevo sig..m for that of Pigeon Point,,
and thinking he nad passed the last pJace
changed his course more to the east
directly for San Francisco.
This threw him in shore, and the inev
itable result was the wrecking of his vessel.
THE PASSENGERS' STORIES.
What Those on Board Knew of the
Disaster.
As soon as the lights of the Active ap
peared off the beads Captain Bullock of
the revenue cutter at Meiggs wharf took a
Call representative and Representative
Wills of the Kirn ball Steamship Company
aboard.
Captain Marshall of the Active said he
was sent out by Mr. Hawkins of the Mail
Dock to get the pas-engers, mail, baggage
and bullion from the Colombia.
He reached the steamer about 6 o'clock
in the evening and took on board of the
Active all that he was ordered — pas
sengers, mail, bullion aud baggage.
"The Colombia," said he, "was balanc
ing on her forward compartments which
were resting on the ledge of rock; the rest
of her was floating in the water."
G. H. Rainey, one of the passengers from
San Jose. Guatemala, said that the fog was
so thicK it was impossible to Bee the prow
ol the vessel.
"I had just stepped out of the social
hall when the vessel struck," be said.
"There was a very slight shock. I heard
the bell to reverse the engine shortly be
fore the shock, so the captain evidently
saw the danger, but too late.
"The passengers were not frightened at
all. The boats were let down and every
thing was put in readiness for getting the
people ashore. The vessel grounded about
8 o'clock in the morning, and we waited
there until the Active came in the evening
about 6 o'clock."
J. C. Quinn from Guatemala, whose resi
dence Is in Honolulu, had perhaps a bet
ter opportunity of observing the circum
stances connected with the disaster thau
any of the passengers aboard. At the
time the vessel grounded he was standing
under the captain's bridge.
"The fog was very thick." said he; "in
fact, thicker than I have ever seen it in
these waters. I could hear fog horns.
It seemed to me there were two
of them, one on the right and one
on the left The fogbank on the left evi
dently ecbotd the foghorn on Pigeon
Point. This, I believe, deceived the cap
tain. He believed the whistle on the left,
or toward the open, to be a steamer and
shifted the helm a few points toward
the land. These few points were sufficient
to run the vessel on the reef. I myself
was positive a vessel was approaching
from seaward, and expected a collision.
"Immediately before we struck the
captain saw danger ahead, although
I was unable to see anything what
ever. He rang for reversed engines,
but the bell had scarcely sounded
before the vessel came to a stand
still. There was an almost imperceptible
Continued on Fifth Page
M. FAURE IS
FIRED UPON,
Two Shots Taken at the
Popular President of
France.
INTENSE EXCITEMENT
IN PAHIS.
Gendarmes Protect the Culprit
From the Infuriated
Populace.
HE ONLY SOUGHT JO ATTEACT
ATTENTION.
Weapon Loaded With Blank Cartridges
and Prisoner Thought to Be
Insane.
PARIS, Fbajtc*. July 14— "What is
claimed in some quarters as an attempt to
assassinate President Faure was made at
12:50 o'clock this afternoon at the parade
ground at Lonscharaps. The day was the
one hundred and seventh anniversary of the
Fail of the Bastile and was celebrated in
the usual manner, including a review of
the troops at Longchamps, which drew a
very large concourse of people. Among
those present were some members of the
PRESIDENT FELIX FAURE OF FRANCE.
;;,_ While on , the wait to rtvi«%e 1 the French troops who tf-arched at Paris on the
annivertary of the ■ Bastile's fall, th* chief 'executive of the republic teas fired upon-
Hi* ansailant, a demented man, narrowly escaped , death \at the hands .of a mad
dened populate.' It was found afterward that the imbecile's pistol was loaded with
blank cartridges. y- ";'/ "
Cabinet and the Honorable Military Com
pany, who were yesterday elected honor
ary members of the Cercle Militaire.
President Faure, accompanied by Prime
Minister Meline, General Le Mouton de
Boissedefre, chief of staff of the army, and
General Tournier, chief of the President's
military household, left the palace of the
Elysee in an open carriage and drove to
Longchamps, it having been arranged
that the President should review the
troops.
As the carriage passed through the Porte
dv Moulin entrance to the parade grounds
it was surrounded by troops, who were to
escort M. Faure to the stand. Before the
vehicle had proceeded far a tail, fair and
well-dressed man of about 30 years of age
stepped slightly in advance of the crowd
and drew a revolver, which some eyewit
nesses declare he discharged pointblank at
the President.
Immediately there was a scene of the
greatest excitement, and it would have
gone bard with the man had he not at
once been seized by tne gendarmes who
were standing by. He was conducted to
the temporary police quarters that had
been established within the grounds.
The man resisted arrest, declaring that
he had done nothing to cause his being
taken into custody. He claimed he bad
not tired the revolver with any intention
of injuring the President, and that in fact
the weapon had only been loaded with
blank cartridges. Those who stood close
by when the President entered the
grounds declare that two shots were
tired.
An examination of the revolver made
by the police appears to bear out the pris
oner's statement that blank cartridges
were used, for in four of the chambers
cartridges with no bullets were found.
Attempts at the police station to learn
anything further from the prisoner were
of no avail. He stated that his name was
Francois, and refused to say anything fur
ther. The prisoner appeared to be in
sane.
News of the affair spread like wildfire
and the most exaggerated reoortp gained
credence. The crowd of spectators surged
toward the prisoner's cage, and the troops
had a difficult task in keeping the excited
people back. It took only a little time,
however, to have it known that M. Faure
was unharmed, whereupon the crowd
cheered again and again.
M. Faure appeared entirely unmoved by
the incident. He paid no attention to the
shot and calmly conversed with his com
panions in the carriage until the shouts
and cheers of the multitude drowned his
voi*e. Then directing his coachman to
proceed, the carriage which had been
temporarily stopped went on to the stand
where the President reviewed the troops,
after which he was driven back to the
palace.
The police informed a reporter of La
Presse that Francois is the same lunatic
who recently threw a bundle of petitions
from the gallery of the Chamber of Depu
ties into the body of the house, thereby
causing a semi-panic among the members
who imagined that the bundle was a
bom b.
Late this afternoon Francois was ex
amined by Prefect La Pine. He was then
more communicative, and told the Prefect
that in discharging the revolver he merely
wisned to attract attention. He reiterated
his statement that he bad no wish to in
jure anybody.
Francois was formerly employed as a
street surveyor by the Municipal Council
of Paris, but was discharged owing to his
presumed anarchistic tendencies. The
special offense which led to his discharge
was the publication of revolutionary
verses. He lives at 46 Rue Clery. His
residence was searched by the police, but
nothing of a suspicious nature was found.
The officials believe that he is insane.
During the commotion which followed
the firing a reputed anarchist named Bou
lant was arrested for saying: "That's the
sort of fellow for me. He has done the
proper thing."
This approval of outrage is a penal
offense under M. Dupuy's anti-anarchistic
laws, and Boulant stands a good chance of
spending a few of the coming years in
prison.
The feeling of the crowd at the review
ing grounds was illustrated, by its treat
ment of a waiter of the cafe at the Grande
Cascade.
In some way this man was mistaken by
the crowd for Francois and a savage at
tack was made upon him. One of his
eyes was torn from its socket and he was
almost lynched before the police were
able to rescue him. The news of the
shooting had preceded the President to
the city and he was recognized on the
streets through which he passed on the
return with cheers and congratulations.
This evening the diplomats and a large
number of prominent men called at the
Palace of the Elysee and congratulated
M. Faure. Several sovereigns sent tele
graphic messages of congratulation.
Throughout the whole episode M. Faure
was perfectly calm and unaffected. Both
at the reviewing ground and on his return
to the city he received an ovation and was
greeted with hearty cheers of "Long live
the President of the republic."
The affair calls to mind the fact that a
similar assault was made upon the late
President, M. Sadi-Carnot, in the avenue
dv Marigny in 1893.
Many persons believe the story of the
prisoner, whose full name is Eugene
Maria Francois, that he had no intention
of harming the President. A search was
made at Longchamps for a bullet dis
charged from the revolver, but not a sign
of it could be found.
It is evident from the facts learned that
M. Faure could not have been in any great
danger, even if Francois had used ball
cartridges. Francois stood behind the
troops, who lined the wide road, and at
the time the shot was fired the horses
drawing the President's carriage were
trotting fast.
The carriage was surrounded -by a cav
alry escort, who raised a cloud of dust
which almost obscured the carriage and
its occupants from view. Had bail car
tridge been used it is probable that one of
the cavalrymen instead of the President
would have been shot.
The incident did not check the fetes
which which were in progress in the city
and suburbs in honor of the day.
The heat during the afternoon was in
tense and the tioops suffered severely. A
large number of them were sunstrnck.
The ambulances on the field were full of
patients, and all the army physicians
present had their hands full. The heat
was so great that some of the members of
the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Com
pany preferred to remain quiet at their
hotels.
Many distinguished persons who were
expected to attend the review were pre
vented by the heat from being present.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DESPERATE
DEMOCRATS
Their Efforts to Capture
the Populist Con
vention.
ITS APPROBATION MUST
BE SECURED.
Without It Their Party Will
Surely Be Irretrievably
Ruined.
BOSS ALTGELD'S SOCIALISTIC
COMBINATION.
If Bryan Is Recognized Most of the
People's Party Will Vote for
McKinley.
The Call's Headquarters,)
Hotel Likdell, >
St. Louis, Mo., July 16. )
The eyes of the country are now focused
upon St. Louis and will continue riveted
there until the end of next week, when the
question of the destruction or prosperity
of the People's Party will have been set
tled. The issue to be decided then i 3
whether the tottering Democratic party
shall be bolstered up by the People's
to the ruin of both or whether the People's
Party shall stand forth before the Nation
with clean hands and pure heart.
The question now confronting the>
Democracy is one of life or death. If tha
Democratic candidate, with his mil
lionaire partner, shall receive the indorse
ment of the coming convention, the
Democracy may be enabled to hobble
along, even though defeated, crippled and
in shame for the next four years, but if
the good sense of the honest mass of tha
Populists shall prevail, then will die the
party which sine* 1861 has been false to
principle. The silver men, the socialists,
the anarchists, the ex-Republicans, the
greenbackers and the rest of the cranks
who captured the Democratic organiza
tion at Chicago are using iheir greatest
efforts to secure the indorsement which
they hope will save them from destruction.
The coming convention will be one of
the largest ever held in the history of this
country. It will consist of 1300 representa
tives of the party from every State and
Territory in the Union — men who have
left the old parties because of wbat they
consider to be corruption and bossism.
They are men of partisan character,
courageous enough to face the taunts and
reproaches of their neighbors and ex
political associates, and it therefore can
not be expected that any great proportion,
of them are likely to be influenced by the
ex-Republicans and silver Democrats who
will urge upon them the apparent advan
tages to be derived from allowing their
party to be absorbed by the free-silver
wing of the Democracy.
With such a fate confronting it the sil
ver faction is desperate. It will stop short
at no means, however improper, to attain
its end. If arguments will not prevail
silver and even gold will be used. Indeed
the report is now current that persons in
terested in the free-coinage proposition
and in the election of Orator Bryan and
Capitalist Sewall have made up or are
making up a large purse to be used where
it will do the most good in the coming
convention.
The necessity for a resort to bribery is
apparent, when one reflects that the ster
ling Democracy throughout the country,
through its leaders and newspapers, is de
serting the Bryan-Sewall banner and re
fusing to countenance the methods and
principles of such as Boss Aitgeld and the
anarchistic faction of whicli he is the
leader. No less than sixty-five of the lead
ing Democratic newspapers have repudi
ated the ticket put up at Chicago and more
are falling into the ranks of the bolters
every day. The following is the list of
some of the more prominent of the Demo
cratic newspapers which have repudiated
Populist tfnan and Capitalist Sewall:
Anstin (Tex.) Statesman, Boston Globe,
Boston Herald, Boston Post. Balti
more Sun, Baltimore News, Buffalo Cour
ier, Buffalo Inquirer, Brooklyn Eagle, Ben
nington (Vt.) Reformer, Chicago Chron
icle, Chicago Abend Post, Chicago Staats
Zeitunn, Charleston (W. Va.) News, Chat
tanooga Times, Dallaa (Tex.) News, Dav
enport (Iowa) Democrat, Detroit Free
Press, Elizabeth (N. J.) Herald, Easton
(Pa.) Express, Fitch burs; (Mass.) Mail,
Galvesion (Tex.) News, Holyoke (Mass.)
Free Press. Jersey City Times, Key West
(FJa.) Equator, Key West (Fla.) Democrat,
Lacrosse (Wis.) Chronicle, Lewiston
Sun, Lexington (Ky.) Herald, Louis
viile Courier-Journal, Louisville Times,
Louisville Post, Louisville Anzeiger,
Lowell (Mass.) Times, Manchester (N. H.)
Union, Milwaukee Journal, Mobile Regis
ter, Machias (Me.) Union, New York
Evening Post, New York Herald, New
York Irish- American, New York World,
New Orleans States, New York Staats-
Zeitung, New York Sun, New York
Times, Nashville (Term.) Banner, New
Haven (Conn.) News, New Haven (Conn.)
Register, Philadelphia Record, Philadel
phia Times, Providence (R. I.) Journal,
Petersburg (Va.) Index-Appeal, Richmond
(Va.) Times, Salem (Mass.) News, Sioux
Falls (S. D.) Argus-Leader, St. Paul Globe,
St. Louis Anzeiger, Springfield (Mass.)
Republican, Syracuse Courier, Syracuse
Herald, Sioux City (Iowa) Tribune, Troy
(N. V.) Press, Trenton (N. J.) Times,
Utica (N. V.) Observer, Washington Post.
Washington Times, Wilmington (Del.)
Every Evening, Yonkers (N. V.) Gazette,
Hartford Times.
The bolt becomes more appalling to the
Populistic faction of the Democracy when
the hi^-h standing and great influence of
these newspapers ami of their leaders and
readers especially are taken into conside
ration.
t An added impetus has been given to tha ,2
bolt by tne anarchistic sentiments incor
porated into the platform by Boss Altceld
and his associates, sentiments from which
the bu-iness portion of «the community
particularly, a^d all law-abiding citizens
generally, recoil with horror. It will be
rummbered that one of the planks, which
was incorporated at the express request of
Boss Altgeld, denounces what it is pleased
1o term iisbilrary interference by Federal
authorities in lecal affairs, as a violation
of the constitution. It also condemns
what it calls government by injunction
ana speaks of it as a new and highly dan
gerous form of oppression. This plauk is
in approbation of the Chicago strikes of
ISD4 and a condemnation of tbe courts and
officers concerned in the suppression of a
mob that held one of tbe largest cities in
the United States at its mercy. Every
business man and every good citizen who
believes that the laws of tbe country
should be enforced will hesitate before be
casts a Democratic ballot, which will
carry with it an approval ol this immoral
and rebellious doctrine.
The desperation into which the Demo
cratic party has been plunged is empha
sized by the fact that several of the moat
important States in the Union refused to
take any part whatever in the proceedings
of tbe Chicago convention except to be
present and announce that they would de
cline to vote for any candidate nominated
upon lucb an un-Democratic platform.
These are tbe States which took this course
and which will not support the nominees
of the convention: Connecticut, Delaware,
Maine, Massachusetts, Marylaud, Minne
sota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New
York, Rhode Island, Vermont, West Vir
ginia and Wisconsin.
Another reason why the silver faction is
so anxious to absorb the People's party is
because of the movement on foot in al
most every State to call a conyeutLon
which shall voice the sentiments and prin
ciples of the Democratic party and nomi
nate a President and Vice-President who
shall properly represent these principles,
or administer a rebuke to political char
latanism by uniting their forces and sup
porting William McKinley, the nominee
of the Republicans.
Tbe action of the executive committee
ol the Sound Money Democrats of Illinois
yestefday, in issuing an address calling for
a second Democratic National Conven
tion, for the purpose of nominating sound
money Democratic candidates for Presi
dent and Vice-Preeident, is spurring the
silver faction to renewed efforts for the
success of the plot to capture the Populist
convention, as they, with the help of the
anarchist and socialists, captured the
Chicago convention. This addres3 con
tains one significant paragraph, the truth
of which has not been and will not be dis
puted. It is as follows:
"Finally to make it stili plainer that
although in name it was not in fact a
Democratic convention, it nominated for
President one who is not in his political
convictions and who has not always been
even in his profession a Democrat."
A further proof of the fact that the dom
inant faction at the Chicago convention
was not Democratic is found in the Den
ver Republican, which, in a double-leaded
editorial, advis°3 Mr. Bryan to select Sen
ator Teller, a member of the Republican
National Committee, as his secretary of
the Treasury. The Republican says that
such a step would amalgamate the silver
forces of the entire country and absolutely
insure the success of the Democratic ticket
aud the cause of free coinage. The same
paper admits that Mr. Bryan is a young
man and immature, but it suggests that
there are many ways in which he tan over
come "The natural and common prejudice
to immaturity."
Nebraska, Mr. Bryan's own State, joy
fully bails him as a true Populist, and in
most of the county conventions of the
Peopie'3 party held throughout the State
last Saturday, resolutions were adopted
instructing the delegates to use their best
efforts to secure the indorsement of Mr.
Bryan for President of the United States
by the Populist National Convention at
St. Louis. Can any loyal Democrat af
ford to support sucii a man?
Chairman H. E. Taubeneck of the Na
tional Executive Committee is swamped
with work replying to letters and tele
grams which are pouring^in daily on the
subject of fusion and on other matters
whicn are expected to come before the
convention, but the contents of these let
ters are not divulged nor will they be
likely to be made public, so far as the
press is concerned, but developments are
expected every day as the indignation of
honest^People's party men continues to in
crease. The thunderbolt is likely to fall
at any moment. Chairman Taubeneck
does not look as his name suggests. Hia
countenance has more of the Celtic than
Teutonic cast. He is a fine-looking gen
tleman, six feet tall or more, and 200
pounds in weieht, without any trace of
corpulency. His face has a thoughtful
and good-natured expression. When I
had a short talk with him I found that he
had been doing considerable thinking on
the question of fusion. The direction of
his thoughts, his mental bias, however,
remained unrevealec, for he positively de
clined to say a word on the subject.
"It would not do for me to say anything
about that now," he said. ''The time is
not ripe, and it would not do any good.
After a few days, however, I will have a
statement prepared for the San Francisco
Call and such other newspapers as may
be willing to publish it."
"Would you bs willing to say whether
you were in favor of indorsing the Demo
cratic nominees or not?" I asked.
"If I should answer that question," re
plied Mr. Taubeneck, "it would open the
whole matter, and I therefore cannot an
swer yes or no to it."
Mr. Taubeneck is the only member of
the National Executive Committee at pres
ent in St. Louis, the other members being:
If. C. Rankin of Terre Haute, Ind.; J. H.
Turner ot Washington, D. C; Lawrence
McParlin of Lockport, N. V. ; Ignatius
Donnelly of Hastings, Minn.; George F.
Washburnof Boston, Mass.; J. H. Davis
of Sulphur Springs. Tex.; George F.
Gaither of W r ainut Grove, Ala., and V. O.
Strickle of Omaha, Nebr. They will meet
in this city next Saturday for the purpose
of preparing the roll for temporary organ
ization.
The only person thus far mentioned to
the committee for the position of tempo
rary chairman is General James G. Field
of Virginia. The Virginia delegation is
making a gallant fight for him.
There are three contested cases to be
heard, one each in Colorado, Illinois and
Ohio. Chairman Taubeneck has not heard
wLat issues are involved in the contests,
but he does not believe that the question
of fusion or union or indorsement had
anything to do with tbem.
The chairman has the honor to be an
original Populist He never was a Demo
crat or a Republican, but was *' ;ys an
independent voter. He was bokn forty
years ago in Terre Haute, Ind., and when
he was two years old bis parents moved to
a farm in Clark County, Hi., which has
remained his home ever since. There
young Taubeneck passed his boyhood
days. In 1890 he was elected to the Legis
lature of Illinois on the straight Populist
ticket and was one of the three who held
the balance of power for nine weeks in the
deadlock on the election of John W.
Palmer to tbe "United States Senate. He
also had I several offices of minor im
portance in his own county. In May,
1891, at the organization of the Popuiis-t
party, he was elected chairman ol the
National Populist Committee and was re
elected at Omaha on July 4, 1892.
The weather herfi is intensely debili
tating and it is uphill work even to talk
politics.
T. V. Cator, Populist candidate for Sen
ator from California, ia in New York and
will be here next Saturday.
Johx Paul Cosgravk.
DON'T LIKE BRYAN.
Populists Object to Indorsing the Komi'
nr* of the Chicaao (Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July U.—Middle-of
the-road Populists will fight Bryan in the
National Convention of the party next
week. They represent the ultra wing of
the sell-constituted People's party and
declare that nothing will satisfy them
short of an emphatic denunciation of both
the old parties and the selection of a can
didate independent of outside influences.
These middle-of-the-road chaps have al
ready opened headquarters at the Lindell
and have made a declaration of war upon
all who refuse to follow the straight and
beaten pathway of the party.
Sergeant-at-Arms McDowell tolu me to
day that if Bryan were indorsed by the
Populists it would only be after a hard and
bitter fight on the floor of the convention.
He based his statement upon information
he had received from delegates from dif
ferent sections cf the country. While the
West is favorable to an indorsement of
Bryan, the South is bitterly opposed to
him or any other Democrat. The South,
however, is not fighting Bryan on perso
nal grounds, but because he is the cham
pion of Democratic interest and Demo
cratic aspirations. On the other hand, the
Western Populists declare that Bryan re
flects in his own personality all that is
good in the People's Party. McDowell
handed me this letter, which he said pretty
thoroughly illustrates tbe temperament of
Southern delegates toward Bryan and
Democrats. The letter is addressed to tbe
Sergeant-at-Arms and is signed by A. B.
Anderson and others of the Ninth Congres
sional district of Tennessee. It says, in
part :
"I have been requested by several of the
delegates to write you to know if the
newspaper reports to the effect tnat Popu
lists are going to indorse Bryan, are true.
We don't believe it. If this be true, we
haven't any money to spend to come to
St. Louis just to indorse a Democrat. We
will remain at home and vote for Mc-
Kinley. If the Populists will nominate
Teller and some other good man like Mills,
we will be second, if not first in the race.
If this be lalse, for God's sake let us bear
something from you by return mail, that
we can refute such statement. You come
to the iront in the newspapers. Bryan is
only used to surrender our principles. He
is not sincere. Please let us hear fromtyou
by return mail."
Mr. McDowell received another letter,
which urges the indorsement of Bryan by
the People's party. It is from W. H.
Biddle, ex-State Treasurer of Kansas. It
says that ail the Populists in that State
are a unit for Bryan and that the delegates
will come to the convention pledged to
the Nebraskan.
'•So it is plain," continued McDowell,
"that there will be a stormy time in the
convention when the question of selecting
a candidate comes up next week. Bryan
has always been looked upon as leaning
toward the People's party. He was gen
erously supported by our people when he
ran for Congress from his district in Ne
braska. Had be not received their aid
tbe probability is that he would not have
been elected to the House of Representa
tives. Teller will have a large following
in the convention, so will General Weaver
and other distinguished party leaders."
The sergeant-at-arms cited the fact that
Southern Populists felt very bitter toward
the Democrats of the South on account of
the way they had been treated by tbe Fed
eral office-holders and other party leaders.
"Four years ago," he said, "the Popu
lists were outrageously treated at the polls
by the Cleveland ballot-box stuffers. Oar
men were not allowed to vote at all. They
were coerced and vilified in the most
shameful manner. They have not forgot
ten this ill treatment by the Democrats
who are now so anxious for fusion with
he People's party, and that I consider one
reason why Southern Populists are to-day
opposed to the indorsement of a Democrat
by the National party."
Sergeant-at-Artns McDowell is a tall,
lanky Southerner. He was born at Tren
ton, Gibson County, Term., in 1849. He
was reared on a farm and still follows the
occupation of a granger. When only 17
years of age he entered the Confederate
army and served four years. At the close
of the war he settled on a farm as a renter.
In 1882 be was elected to the General As
sembly as a Democrat, and in 1885 and
1887 was sent to tbe Senate by the same
party, in 1892 he joined the People's
party <md has since been identified with
it. He was eiector-al-large on tbe ticket
with Weaver, and it was only tbe other
day that he received additional honors at
the bands of his party, having been nomi
nated for Congress by the Memphis con
vention. Both of McDowell's great grand
fathers served in the Revolutionary War,
and General Robert Iriom, his grtat-grand
father on the maternal side, was one of
the twenty-four signers of the Mecklen
burg declaration of independence. The
sergeant-at-arms says he comes from
Scotch-Irish stock and that his ancestors
settled in Pennsylvania in 1729.
M. H. Owen, a delegate from Tennessee,
arrived at the Lindell to-day. He is one
of the advance guards that will fight the
aspirations of Bryan before the conven
tion of his party. Like many others he is
not opposed to the Democratic candidate
on personal grounds, but does not want a
Democrat indorsed.
'•We want our party to survive," said
Mr. Owen to me to-day, "and if -we take
up the nomir"^ of the Chicago convention
at this time i • simply means the breaking
up of our organization. Some of our mem
bers would k o over to the Republican party
and vote for McKinley. Others would
join the Democracy and vote for Bryan
and toe rest would remain at home and
not vote at all. Our claim is that the
Democrats have come over to our side of
the bouse. We did not go to them. They
adopted our platiorm. "We educated them
to our ways of thinking. Of course there
are many tilings in tbe Democratic plat
form satisfactory to the Populists. Now
we ought to write a platform "for ourselves,
one that more fully and more clearly out
lines our views upon current National is
sues. We cannot nand upon the Demo
cratic platform. It does not go far enough
to satisfy us. Then why should we indorse
the candidate pledged to the Chicago dec
laration of principles? Our party is a
party of the people. It is working in the
interest of the farmer and the toiler. Its
wonderful growth shows that the people
are loyat to a party that is loyal to itself
Our principles include all classes. We
make no distinction. Therefore we must
succeed or fail on the course already es
tablished." Frank McGcthk.
THE THIRD TICKET SCHEME.
It Is Xot Progrening Very Favorably in
Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., July 14.-The gold
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 18yt>.
Democratic organization of Illinois will
reopen headquarters to-morrow in the
Palmer House and the executive commit
tee does not doubt that there will be
enough favorable responses to the mani
festo issued last nieht to guarantee a new
National Convention, fairly representative
of the country, before the end of Septem
ber.
Chairman Robbing admitted that he had
not received any additional telegrams to
day from prominent Democrats offering to
support the third ticket proposition, but
the assurances he had received led him to
expect delegations from Eastern and
Southern States, even if the party ma
chinery of the States was opposed 10 the
plan on the supposition that two Demo
cratic tickets would mean the election of
McKinley.
In the face of the hopeful assertions of
the cold leaders there were to-day mora
i prominent desertions to the silver ranks
among local Democrats of influence.
Lawrence P. Boyle, who was a leader in
tbe gold movement from the beginning,
said:
"The gold-standard Democrats of Illinois
will not follow the lead of men who want
to put a ticket in the field simply to help
the election of McKinley."
The report was circulated to-day at the
Palmer House that the Bryan notification
committee was in communication with
j Senator Hill with a view to inducing him
to accept the chairmanship of the notihea
i tion meetirg in Madison-square Garden.
If the Senator accepts, the silver Demo
crats here declare, it would be the death
knell of the third-ticket scheme.
It is generally believed at State Repub
lican headquarters that the National Cpm
mictee, at its meeting in Cleveland this
week, will locate branch headquarters in
Chicago and place National Committee
man Jamieson in charge of the Western
campaign. This would be taken as a
recognition of the claim that Illinois is to
be the royal battle-ground of the cam
paign. The members of the Republican
State Committee are aroused to action by
the silver excitement caused by Bryan in
Illinois and a meeting of the committee
is to be beld to-morrow.
NEBRASKA POPULISMS.
They Are Heartily in favor of Support
ing Bryan for President.
LINCOLN, Neb., July 14.— The senti
ment of tbe Populist State administration
on the question of indorsing Mr. Bryan
for President was expressed this after
noon by Private Secretary Benton Maret
to a representative of the United Press.
Speaking for Governor Holcomb, Mr.
Maret said :
"The candidacy of Mr. Bryan will carry
Nebraska for free silver. The Populist
party, representing this principle and in
dorsing the Democratic National ticket,
hope to elect their State ticket by an over
whelming majority. As reeards the action
at St. Louis, Governor Holcomb, Senator
Allen, and in fact the entire Nebraska
delegation, will put Mr. Bryan's indorse
ment prominently before the convention
and use their utmost influence to accom
plish that result. Senator Allen has great
influence in the party and there seems no
doubt of the ultimate result."
Messages were received to-day from the
members of the Utah, Colorado, Wyoming,
California, Washington and Oregon delega
tions to the National Populist Convention
at St. Louis, asking that Mr. Bryan be at
some convenient place where they can see
him as they pass through Lincoln en route
to St. Louis next week. They will bo in
the city an hour.
Preparations for Friday's demonstration
when Mr. Bryan returns home were con
tinued to-day with renewed zeal. The
first revolt of active partisans against
what is deemed undue activity on the part
of the Republicans in the coming demon
stration, came last night when the
Young Men's Republican Club attempted
to pass a resolution urging members to
refrain from participating. It was voted
down, the club men voting to send a tele
gram to Major McKinley reaffirming al
lezianca to Republican principles and
promising him support.
LOST TO DEMOCRACY
Another Eastern Paper Refuses to Sup
port the Chicago Platform.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N. V.. July 14.-For
tbe first time in nearly 100 years the names
of the Democratic candidates for Presi
dent and Vice- President do not appear at
the bead of tbe columns of the News-
Press. The paper is one of the oldest in
the State and has always been Demo
cratic. The failure to hoist the names of
the candidates ia all the more remarkable
because the editor and owner of the News-
Press is James W. Hinkley, chairman of
the State Democratic Convention. He ar
rived home from Chicago on Saturday.
When asked as to the probable course of
his paper, he reiuarkea that no electors
had yet been chosen by a Democratic con
vention in New York State and there need
be no hurry. He advised Democrats to be
patient and abide events. Mr. Hinkley
denies empnatically the story that Sen
ator Hill has espoused the cause he "so
valiantly, vigorously and ably fougnt at
Chicago." Mr. Hinkley said he would
vi6it New York some day this week, but
certainly not for the purpo&e of opening
State headquarters.
NO REPUBLICAN'S, NO DEMOCRATS.
Atsiatottl Secretary Hamtln Advocates a
Combination Against Anarchy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 14.-Hon.
Charles H. Hamlin, Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, when asked to-day if he
had anything to say as to the recent
Chicago convention, replied:
"No political issue is involved in the
coming campaign. The question to be
settled is more far-reaching and import
ant. The perpetuity of Republican in
stitutions has been threatened. Every
loyal citizen should ally himself against
t/^e forces which controlled the Chicago
convention— forces of lawlessness which
are inconsistent with the maintenance of
the Republic. Henceforth there should be
no Republican, no Democrat, but a union
of loyal citizens against the combined
forces of repudiation and disorder. When
once this dangerous element has been
stamped out at the polls by an indignant
people we can again divide and discuss
tbose political questions which for genera
tions have kept alive the two great politi
cal parties."
PEPPER ENTERS THE TOLD.
Kama* Populists Aow United in favor
of Bryan-
WICHITA, Kaks., July 14. — Senator
Peffer has written a letter to the editor of
the Kansas Commoner, the leading Popu
list paper of Southern Kansas, which
shows that he has withdrawn his opposi
tion to Mr. Bryan, ana will be an enthusi
astic supporter of the Democratic nominee.
In his letter tbe Senator says:
"The conversion of Democracy puts a
new pnase on the political .situation. The
wise and patriotic course for us now is to
unite ourselves with all the friends of
silver and enemies of the gold standard
wherever such union is possible. We can
do this and still maintain our party for
future use in case of need."
With the accession of Peffer to the
Bryan forces the Popnhsts of Kansas are
practically a unit for him.
SECRETARY HERBERT BOLTS.
He Says He Will *ot Support the Ticket
Nomtnated at Chicago.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 14.-S*cre
tary Herbert is the first member of the
Cabinet to announce himself openly with
respect to the Chicago convention. In re
ply to an inquiry to-day he stated that be
would not support the ticket nominated at
Chicago, but beyond this brief definition
ot his position would say nothing. Other
members of the Cabinet do not hesitate to
say in private conversation that they
cannot conscientiously indorse the plat
form, and it is not unlikely that others of
the number will, a little later, make these
announcements publicly.
BIMETALLISTS
SUPPORT BRYAN.
lowa's Non-Partisan State
Convention Approved
Him.
DEMAND FREE COINAGE.
Delegates to St Louis Instructed
to Work for the Ne*
braskan.
GOLD STANDARD DENOTJKCED.
A Combination of Western Hemis
phere Silver Producing Nations
Advocated.
DES MOINES, lowa, July 14— Two
hundred delegates were present at Flynn's
Hall this morninz when the provisional
chairman, Amos Stieckel, called the Non-
Partisan Bimetallic State Convention to
order. He introduced B. H. Bashor of
Waterloo as temporary chairman. Tem
porary Chairman S. H. Basi.or said:
Gentlemen of the Convention: These are
stirring times; times In which the ear of pa
triotism inclined to tbe earth bears the heart
beats of humanity; times in which the cohorts
of organized greed and tbe sons of liberty are
arraying for the final conflict. On the one
side is the despotism of moneyed aristocracy;
on the other the kingship of tbe masses. The
fundamental doctrine of popular Government
is. you can always trust the people; and when
submitted to them calmly and dispassionately
no question has ever been settled wrong. As
God chained tbe last generation to the redemp
tion of tbe slave, so I believe he rivets on this
emancipation of labor.
The statutes of this Nation, as Solon tald of
the laws of Greece, which spiderweb-like held
the little bugs while tbe big ones break
through, must be repealed and legislation in
the interest of the whole people enacted in
their stead. Until this is accomplished there
can be no peace. It is war to the knife and
knife to the hilt. Compromise is worse than
defeat. Evils and oppression, the result of
law, can be neutralized and destroyed only by
tbe law's repeal. It U not so much the creation
of new laws that is demanded by existing con
ditions aa it is the repeal of already enacted
bad ones. It was a sage pulpit philosopher
who declared that dogmatic theology tails
short of the conversion of men with empty
stomachs. Be gave but homely expression to
an established principle of philosophy which
is as broad as human existence.
With heaped granaries and bursting cribs
unsold for the want of prices equal to tbe cost
of production on the one hand, and crying
want from destruction of tbe purchasing power
of the masses on tbe other, discontent must be
the inevitable crown of the nations.
What is prosperity to the many when it is
in the hands of the few?
What is increasing wealth to the Nation
when industrial conditions and class legisla
tion forces it through the fingers of labor into
the coffers of idleness ?
What is the difference whether the masses
are pierced with bayonets and bullets in one
mighty onslaught or slowly ground to starva
tion under the heels of oppression?
How can oppression exist as a normal con
dition when a free pass and free speech are
throttled, when patriotism blinds the eye of
justice and party slavery paralyzes the hand
of power T
We cannot make a Nation one-half Bibles,
free schools, steam engines, improved machin
ery, and the other half serfs. The hope of
this Nation for fifty years, and its hope still,
is the intelligence and conscience of the
people. That something is wrong no man
disputes. Who lifts the latch-strings and
steps into the world sees. Most men see be
fore the latch-string is lifted. For twenty
years we have realized and doubted the fact,
but the cause is unsolved.
One class said the remedy was more tariff
ana an honest dollar; another said less tariff
and an honest dollar. Since we have tried all
and conditions constantly grow worse, these
ostensibly opposed political doctors turn
homeopaths together and about as a principle,
fundamental in politics equal with physics—
similia similibus curantur.
The infallible remedy, according to those
who speak outside of secret council, Is mere
tariff, or less tariff, but always an honest dol
lar. "Where McGregor sits is the head of the
table."
The ordinary man must be pardoned when
he refuses to blindly apply as a remedial agent
the poison which created the disease. He,
too, believes in an honest dollar— the differ
ence is one of definition. A dollar whose pur
chasing power is limited to on* bushel of
wheat when a debt is contracted, bat demands
two when it is to be paid, has discarded hon
esty and turned robber.
The demonetization act of 1873, which took
from silver its legal value and destroyed its
parity with gold at the ratio of 16 to 1, will as
constantly undo that far-reaching evil when
unconditionally repealed. Silver, re-estab
lished as money of final redemption at the ex
isting commercial ration, can never raise
silver bullion above the present dead level of
low water price.
England, the gold-producing nation of the
world, in 1816 established tbe gold standard.
With about 18 per cent of the ratio of the
world's production of gold in her favor at
that time she estaolished the gold standard,
and in seventy years cornered the gold mar
ket, dictated prices universally end became
the creditor nation of the earth.
If tbe United States, Joining with Mexico,
producing as they do tbe great balk of the
world's supply of silver bullion, should estab
lish the free coinage of silver at the ratio of
18 to 1, it is only a question of time when the '
silver market would be cornered, and from
the position of debtor she would bound into a
creditor among the nations of the earth.
With the silver-producing nations of the
Western hemisphere established on a uniform
basis of free coinage of gold and silver at our
present legal ratio no man at any spot within
commercial reach of our shores a tithe re
moved from idiocy would take 1 cent leu for
an ounce of silver than its legal or mintage
value and the parity of the two metals be un
questionably preserved. There Is little or n
uncoined silver in European countries. Coined
silver all over tho East is at a ratio of 15' 3 to
1, % per cent higher ratio than here. It is
held there as subsidiary coinage and at a
parity with gold. How, then, could the owner
of bullion speculate on damping 15% to 1
silver into 16 to 1 mints when the 15}^ to l
cost him in his country its equivalent in gold?
If we establish tbe double standard and
gold leaves our shores, aa has been predicted,
the vast increase in the foreign local voluma
would so materially increase the supply of
gold in Western Europe as to have it cheaper.
Tbe exportation of gold would Increase the
demand in America for silver and make it
dearer. Cheaper gold in Europe, dearer silver
in America, would by the inevitable law of
commerce wloo oat the existing difference in
commercial value and draw both to the exact
level of legal mintage ratio value of 16 to 1.
If the recent election In Oregon, giving a
majority in favor of silver, raised the price of
silver bullion on Change l>£ per cent when
the news reached the great commercial cen
ters, what will be the logical rise in price
•when th« entire Union throws its vote the
same way?
The essential want of the times is com
mercial relation with the weaker and non
producing nations. They need our products.
we need tneir trade. They are silver users,
we are silver producers.
The stronger nations of Western Europe,
being in the same genial climate, on- the same
plane of civilization and with a nearer equal
ity in the perfection oi the industrial arts, are
naturally oar commercial rivals rather than
our customers. Our protective tariff system,
with its Blame reciprocity feature, was framed
in recognition of this principle; but the estab
lished sold standard, operating to depress our
silver market on the one hand and to induce
an influx of free-trade labor ou the other, neu
tralized the major benefits it was intended to
confer. We have invited and nurtured panics
by establishing as our sole money standard
the scarcer metal. By this method gold has
been constantly rising in price as measured by
everything else produced. Both legitimate
enterprises and speculative industry have
ceased. Money boarded is the fastest and
easiest method of accumulating property
ur.der tbe present system of failing prices, and,
knowing this, money-holders have ceased
operations, while labor is idle and producer*
are facing penury by being forced to sell below
the cost of production.
But our enemies are "friends of silver," of
course. We have heard that for a quarter of
a century. But how sincere and what is the
nature of this friendship? "And Joab said to
Amasa, 'Art tbou in health, my brother?' and
Joab took Amasa by the beard with the right
hand to kiss him, but Amasa toot no heed to
the sword that was in Joab's hand. So fie
smote him therewith in the fifth riband he
died. And Amasa wallowed in blooa iv the
midst of the highway," Stick a 16-to-l ratio
under an International bimetallisms nose and
he invariably smells fire. Pinch the anatomy
of an "I am as gooa a mend of silver as you"
anywhere, listen and hear a goldbug squeal.
Every man not in line for a 16 to 1 candidate
this fall, no difference how loud his profession
of friendship for silver, is either a camp fol
lower of Mark Hanna or a bushwhacker in the
McKinley cause. There will be no division in
the gold standard vote. Principle, vicious and
monstrous as it Is, will place each vote above
party^ expediency. Bimetallism must turn
their backs upon party and their faces to the
subject. .Remember, country first, party after-
Wards.
Heirs of a glorious past, they must exercise
their manhood in acts of benefaction for the
future. Drop the things on which we disa
gree, uaite on things we hold in common. Ke
forms, like human being-.,, are seldom born
twins. The restoration of silver now, other re
forms afterwards. Reise the blockade, spread
the sails of commerce, open the mints, send
the Nation's blood flowing through the veins
of trade, and when the song of spindles and
tne music of hammers mingle with the hum
of contentment and plenty, patriots may find
pastime in party adherence and party strife,
but not cow.
John J. Hamilton, editor of tbe Dcs
Moines Daily News, was elected to act as
permanent chairman. His address was
submitted to the conference leaders last
night, and found to be against the ratio of
16 to L A committee was appointed to
wait on Hamilton in regard to the matter.
The platform reported by tbe committee
on resolutions was lengthy. After laying
down the principles of silver, Bryan and
Sewall for President and Vice-President
wore indorsed and the State delegates in
structed to vote for them at St. Louis.
The first resolution sets out the import
ance of the financial question. The sec
ond denounces th« gold standard and de
mands free coinage at 16 to 1. The third
denounces the national bunking system,
and the fourth denounces the issue of
bgnds during titaes of peace. Tbe last
resolution, indorsing Bryan, is as follows :
Resolved, That, regarding, as we do, the Hon.
William J. Bryan, in his person, avowed prin
ciples and political career, as embodying as
perfectly and completely as any other living
man the principle of free coinage and tbe
allied financial principles essential to restore
to and maintain this country in lta career of
development and t>rosT>erity, we do hereby in
struct the delegates from lowa to the St. Louis
Bimetallic Convention to vote as a unit for, and
to use every effort possible to secure, the nomi
nation of Hon. William J. Bryan for President
and his associate, Arthur Sewall, for Vice-
President, whom we regard as pre-eminent in
his locality and as the representative of the j
same principles. And we do hereby pledge to \
that ticket the cordial and unanimous support
of the bimetallism of lowa,
OHIOANS FOR SILVER.
Eastern VTorklngmen Who Kill Xot Vote
for McKinley.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio. July 14.— John
McQrath, who is organizer for the Amor
ican Federation of Labor for the Southern
District of Ohio, talked freely yesterday of
tbe political outlook. McGrath is one of
tho prominent labor men of the State,
who travels extensively and mingles
among tbe eons of toil. He said :
"I find 16 to 1 laboring men who are
thoroughly dissatisried with the Repub
lican and Democratic parties, and wbo
will vote for the Democratic ticket this
fall simply because they regard the situa
tion bo changed that it is new the masses
against the classes.
"The Republican campaign managers
will be surprised at the silver sentiment
in this State among the working people.
It is, as I said, sixteen whom I rind for it
against one against it, and if there is no
change in the situation, Brvan will come
very close to carrying Ohio.
"There are 49,000 Populists in this State,
and unless I ahi badly mistaken they will
all vote for Bryan. I believe the St. Louis
convention will indors- Bryan without a
doubt. When the McKinley managers
claim that he has an easy victory in tbis
State, I am sure they do not realize the
strength of silver with the working peo
ple. Ohio wilJ be good fiehting ground."
I O WA STA TE C O NVENTION.
Strong fight Being Made Preparatory
to Its Meeting.
DES MOINES, lowa, July 14.— The Re
publican State Convention will be called
to order in tbe Tabernacle at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning by H. G. McMillan,
State chairman, rion. Hollo J. Wilson of
Fairfield, son of Senator James F. Wilson,
was to have been temporary chairman,
but after he came to the city he was taken
sick, owing to the extreme heat, and tbis
NEW TO-DAT.
"APENTA' 7
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Spring., Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest. "»"««
fWe know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral Salts or whirli
combines such advantages, as this water. * or wnicn
"Professor Dr. R.C. Tichborn, LL.D., F.C.S., F. I. Dublin." -
This Water is richer in Mineral Salts than "N d* /. '*
all Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy is so / /f°*} • &*t&l%~ajt,
great that even the smallest dose secures the ( (7 ' _^f/ _
best results." \ ,c=~" ', ' — - = =y& *~
Sworn Chemist in Buda Pest,
Prices : 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
\OP ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
; Full Analysis and additional Tostimonv » n * t«»
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED
morning finally informed the State Com
mittee that he would be unable to preside.
The conimitt c met and named Congress
man \V. H. Hepburn to act as temporary
chairman, and he will probably be perma
nent chairman as well.
It has been years since there was so
strong a fight in the hotel lobbies in ad
vance of a convention. To-day the Savery
has been crowded to tbe streets. The rail
road issue has been injected into the can
vnas, especially in the contest for Railroad
Commissioner. Commissioner E. A. Daw
son is regarded as the railroad candidate
and Frank T. Campbell as the anti-rail
road man. Dawson seems in the lead and
his nomination is expected.
POPULAR AT HOME.
Nebraska Delegates to the Populist Con
vention Favor Bryan.
GRAND ISLAND, Nebr., July U.— Up
to this evening the advance guard to the
Populist Convention made a scarcely loud
enough noise to attract attention. The
evening trains swelled the number until
there are about 200 delegates now in the
city. Night trains are expected to bring
in delegations from eastern counties and
Chairman Edgerton is confident of a large
convention.
The only question which meets with
much discussion is what dimensions the
tight of the middle-of-the-road men against
instructing the St. Louis delegates lor
Bryan will be. It 8; ems that Bryan in
structions will easily carry. At the Hast
ings convention Holconib will be nomi
nated for Governor and after Bryan is nom
inated at St. Louis tbe Democrats will be
expected to support Holcomb and the
State ticket.
Paul Vandervoort, Barr and others from
Omaha are working for an independent
ticket, and their forces are expected to be
multiplied to-night, but their advances
are met by charges that they are boodlers,
Reoublican hirelings, etc. The Bryan
men feel that they will carry the conven
tion four to one, or practically unani
mously. Senator Allen arrived this after
noon and is making addresses to-night on
tha streets. Governor Holcomb and Mr.
Allen are expected to head the delegation
to St. Louis.
BRYAN WILL SPEAK IS OHIO.
} He Wants to Meet McKinley in a Joint
Debate.
TOLEDO, Ohio. July 14.— The Bee says
to-day: If Bryan has his way Ohio will
be the storm center of the ensuing cam
paign. The Democratic candidate prom
ises to stump this State and deliver at
least one address in Toledo. Mr. Bryan
is desirous of having one joint debate on
the currency question with ex-Governor
McKinley. He will let Mr. McKinley
select the time and place. Among the
callers upon the distinguished nominee
just after the nomination was Peter H.
Degnan of this city.
"Can we hope to see you in Ohio dur
ing the campaign, Mr. .Bryan?" he asked.
"You certainly can," was the reply.
"I expect to make a number of speeches
in Ohio between now and election."
"You will invade the home of McKin
ley?" .
"I know Mr. McKinlev very well," re
turned Mr. Bryan. "1 esteem him very
highly as a man, an excellent gentleman
and thoroughly honest.
"I would not ask anything better than
to meet him in joint debate. Right in his
own State, right at his home."
The conversation then continued in an
informal way for some time, and .Bryan
several times referred to his desire to
meet McKinley.
■♦ ■ ■
TURNER ADVOCATES BRYAN.
The People's Party National Committee-
man favors the Democrat.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 14.— J. H.
Turner, Secretary of the National Com
mittee of the People's party, issued a
manifesto to-day advising all Populists to
ratify the nomination of Bryan at the
Populist Convention at St. Louis on July
22 next. In the course of his address be
says : ■ .
"The truth of it Is that the only point
the Populists now have to decide is
whether or not they will take Mr. Bryan,
whom every golubug in the country has
denounced as a Populist, for our next
President of the United States, or whether
they will take Mr. McKinley, who repre
sents everything that the Populists have
denounced and represents just the oppo
site of everything they have advocated
since they have been a party."
1
A SILVER MAN FOR McKINLEY.
He Hopes the Republican Party Will
Rehabilitate the White Metal.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., July 14.— Jay
Cook, the veteran financier, who success
fully placed millions of Government
bonds during the Civil War, was inter
viewed to-day on the money question.
"What is your opinion on free silver?"
was the first question asked.
"The opposition to the free coinage of
silver," he replied, "is a crime, a misera
bly crazy notion. If I had the doing of
it there would be no room for a goldbug
in this country. Tbe single gold standard
would ruin this country, positively ruin
it. I have seen in my time silver superior
in value to gold, and its depreciation has
been caused by its demonetization. The
silver dollar was tbe unit of value until
1873, when there was a 3 per cent premium
on the metal. At that time the value of
silver was 3 per cent more than that of
gold."
"What effect did this have on the coin
age?"
"There was no bullion presented for coin
age except that which the Government
was compelled to buy to furnish subsidiary
coin. That had been adulterated."
Mi. Coolc then picked up a book and
said : "Let me read you what Mr. Car
lisle said in 1878, before he was allied to
Cleveland and the goldbugs. •According
to my Tiew of the subject,' said Mr. Car
lisle, 'the conspiracy which seems to have
been formed in this country and Europe
to destroy by legislation or otherwise one
balf of the metallic money of the world is
the most gieantic crime of this or any
other aze. The consummation of s»ch a
scheme wouM ultimately entail more mis
ery on the human race than any war, pesti
lence and famine that ever occurred.'
Mr. Cook said: "What more couid you
want tban that? It was true then, it is
true now," he said emphatically. Con
tinuing, he read from Carlisle: " 'The ab
solute and instant destruction of half the
movable property of tne world, including
borses, ships, railroads an.<l all other ap
pliances for commerce would not produce
anything like the prodigious distress and
disorganization of society that must result
from tne annihilation of one-naif of the
metal money of the world.' "
"These remarks of Carlisle were made
on February *21, 1878," said Mr. Cook, "uud
they are perfectly correct. Why is this
so? Why has it come to pass? w e have
already begun to meet its bad results and
unless it is righted promptly the calamity
will be great. In the first place the silli
ness of tliis great Nation with its vast in
dustries is nothing less than remarkable
in refusing to make silver the equal in
monetary influence to gold. There would
have been none of the disturbances that
have lately happened but for the break
down in silver.
"How do you figure that out?
"Because we are growing and have been
growing rapidly and we need all that we
can get as a basis of value. We need both
gold and silver. The Government credit,
the business credit, both are based on
their metul lie ability to pay. Tbe most
terrible thing of all was in 1873. when sil
ver was demonetizpd. wnich was done
under a delusion. You will find that
most of the Senators and Representatives
did not dream that they were about to de
monetize silver; they had no such desire.
Then instead of righting the mistake, they
passed the Bland bill. They were to buy
$4,000,000; they always bought only
$2,000,000 worth a month. Everything
was done to keep down silver. The whole
history oi it is vile and outrageous. Just
think of the fearful danger the iarmers
stand in. if they knew it they would rise
in their might and sweep away those dev
ilish plans and EOldbugs."
"But, Mr. Cook, in case of free coinage,
wbat about the 53-cent dollar?"
"That's ail humbug. Wasn't a silver
dollar worth $1 03 before they demone
tized silver? As I have said, I have seen
a time when silver was worth more than
gold. The world's onward march is rapid.
If cold shall be the only basis of ex
cbange, the progress must stop. We must
have more money to oil the macninery of
exchange. I believe we must get back to
bimetallism before we reach prosperity.
"Then you will yote for Bryan and
Sewall?"
"No, I will vote for McKinley with the
hope that he and tbe Republican party
will see the error of the gold standard and
immediately put silver back in the place
it belongs."
SOUTH DAKOTA IN LINE.
Populists Indorse Bryan and the Na
tional Democratic Platform.
HURON, 8. D., July 14.— Tbe Populist
convention is attended by 600 delegates
and visitors, including many old wneel
horses of the party and some notable new
converts, among tbe latter being Senatoi
Pettigrew and Judge Palmer, both of
whom claim to be here for no other pur
pose than to urge the indorsement of
Bryan's nomination and to secure a plank
in the'platform calling for radical changes
in existing transportation laws. The sil
verites named a committee, with Judge
Palmer as chairman, to confer with the
convention platform committee.
Chairman Null called the convention to
order at 2:30 this afternoon. Pending
reports from the committee, Messrs. Kelly,
Pettigrew, Palmer, Kyle and Goody koontz
addressed the convention. Kyle "roasted"
Congressman Pickier severely and referred
to tbe Republican plat'orm as "made by a
gang of Wali-street gamblers and thieves."
Dr. Warner of Mitchell, was made per
manent chairman and T. O. Kingsbury
and T. J. Martin are secretaries.
At midnight the nominating committee
agreed to give one Railroad Commissioner
to bolting silver Republicans and four
Presidential electors to the Democrats.
The speakers of the evening made happy
references to Bryan's nomination and his
name was cheered to the echo. Tbe plat
form committee reported about midnight.
It warmly favors free silver, indorses Sen
ator Kyle, congratulates Senator Petti
grew for leaving the Republican party and
favors the lowa railway law.
Reduced Railroad Rates.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 14.— Sergeant-at-
Arms McDowell of the People's Party
Convention received word this morning
from the Trunk Line Association that a
rate of one fare for the round trip would
be granted for the Populist Convention of
July 22. Tickets are good to start on the
20th only, and return not later tban the
26th of July.
Rest
And recreation at sea and mountains will
not relieve that tired feeling unless the
blood is rich and pure.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One Trne Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1»
Hood's Hsgth'&sirßgapaig'
SOME tans
MEN BLACKS
SULLIVAN'S
53.00
SHOE
Aren't Particular |5|
What Shoe They j|j
Bay. Others Una /gif^.
It Impossible to Get iffflwßffß^S
the Right Kind. JkWM I^fev
That All Should Sea Bl||BB«BHy
the New Sullivan
•3 Shoe for Men, |pf
Whose Only Kqual IB3&B3SBffi
Is the 95 Shoe of the f|«il^<§r
High-rent Stores. Hroliii/
IN THE No W SHAPB.
Out-of-'own orders sent on day received
Send for the Sullivan Catalogue. : Sent tree tor
thuaaklng. • '
SULLIVAN'S,
MONEY.S*VERS IN <HOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street. *
.. '' South of Market.
BRU|HES£SS
brewers, bookbinder*. candy.makt>rs canniri
dyers, flournjills. foundries, - lauiidru.,,
l»*ntfeni, printers, painters, shoe . factories. atahLM
Ben. tar-roofers, miners, tailor* etc. ""* •*■"*
„.,. BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609MONEY THE ISSUE,
NOT PROTECTION,
William J. Bryan's Ad
dress at Centralia,
Illinois.
GOLD VERSUS SILVER.
Party Platforms of Four Years
Ago and Those of the
Present
A CAMPAIGN OF PKINCIPLES.
Splecd d Reception Tendered the
Democratic Nominee at His
Boyhood Home.
CENTRAL! A, 111., July 14.— Mr. Bryan
arrived this evening. He was received
quietly, placed in the private carriage of '
Captain Dwieht and driven to the letter's
residence. Mrs. Dwight and her sister,
Mr?. Haussler, cousins of Mr. Bryan, as
sisted the candidate and his wife in the
reception given later at Captain Dwight's
house. Afterward there was a meeting at
City Park where Mr. and Mrs. Bryan
shook bands with a large number of peo
ple. A special train brought excursionists i
and the Bryan Club from Nashville, Wash
ington County, with a band and the Sil
ver Club from Ashley. In response to
cries from the crowd, Mr. Bryan con
sented to speak. Mounting an improvised
stand, be said;
Ladies and Gentlemen: I do not come to
mate a speech. The campaign is hardly
opened yet,- but coining back to Marion
County to attend to some business ■which had
to be "looked after fore I returned to Ne- ;
braska I wa« plad to accept -in invitation to I
sr?nd two or three hours with my relatives in
this city, and while here to meet again the 1
citizens whom I met before.
We are entering upon a memorable cam
paien and the issues are being drawn for the
contest. The two parties described as the
two crest parties, or the two leading parties,
have already adopted their platforms and
named their candidates. In a short time you
•will make your minds up as to which platform
and which ticket you will support.
I trust that the issues involved in this cam
?aign will be clearly understood and care
ully studied. Parties are not made to be
worshiped. People are made not for parties,
parties are msde for the people, and parties
can only aim the support of the people when
they are efficient instruments in the hands of
the' people for accomplishing good. Those
wno are called upon to vote have the right to
consider the platform utterances of the poli
cies advocated by the various parties, as well
as trie candidates who are nominated.
In this campaign I believe that there will be
less of personality and more of principle than
in any campaign which we hive scon in recent
years. The people have before them two great
questions. We must not expect that any plat
form will contain all that you desire. No
thinking person finds in any platform an ex
pression of everything which he believes, nor
must we expect that any p'attorm will be free
from some objection. We select our party and
our platform, not in the hope of finding some
thing which is absolutely in accord with our
opinions, but which promises to use the best
legislation on the most important questions,
nnd it is decided, on .all sides that the most
,tcpGTtanc -sue is, tbe money question. " It
matters not -whether yon b?lieve in the resto
ration of silver or the gold standard you must
admit that the settlement oi the money ques
tion is of the first importance— one that when
once settled- leaves nothine else to be decided.
On the money question the two great parties
have taken positions directly opposed to each
other. Four years ago the positions taken
were almost identical. The Republican r.arty
Baid the people were in favor of bimetallism
and the Democratic party was holding to the
use of gold and silver as "standard money and
to the coinage of both. Thus yon see that both
parties declared in favor of trold and silver as
the money of our country. Tbo four yearsthat
*iave passed since that* platform was written
h&ve been full of momentous happenings, and
as this eajnpiiiprn approached the great parties
lined up for the fray.
Upon this question the party at St. Louis de
clared for the maintenance of tbe gold stand
ard, but that platform does not say that the
gold standard is a good thing, because the
platform pledged the pany to get rid of the
gold standard, but declared that this change
could not be made except by international
agreement. The Democratic party met at
Chicago and adopted the platform, which is in
direct opposition to the platform adopted at
Bt. Louis.
The St. Louis convention declared for the
maintenance of the gold standard until some
thing else could be clone in the near future.
But more than that, the Republican platform
did not promise any complete monetary sys
tem.
The Democratic party outlined what it de
sired to have done and declared that the
silver dollar should be of full legal tender for
nil debts, public and private, and that such
legislation should be enacted as is necessary
to the restoration of the unlimited coinage of
silver and gold at the present ratio of 16 to 1,
without waiting for the aid. of any other
notion. We also declared that silver dollars
should be full legal tender for all debts, public
and private, and that such legislation should
be enacted rb is necessary to prevent for the
future the demonetization of any legal tender.
The platform declared that the Government
should exercise the right to redeem its obliga
tions in both gold and silver. The Issue is
drawn and we have our choice in this cam
paign between an American financial svatem
for the American people and an English finan
cial system for the English people.
If I mistake not the patriotism of a people
who have never been appealed to in vain there
can be but one issue in this campain and but
one result. If they ask us what about other
questions we tell them that so long as the
right of self-government is in danger there is
.no other question. Why discuss questions on
which we have not the power to decide?
I want, to impress upon your minds two
thin?-: I want to ask two "questions. They
are questions that will be asked over and over
again in this campaign. They are questions
that will be asked with ever increasing em
phasis. If the gold standard is a good thing
why should we try to get rid of It? ;If the
gold .standard is. a bad thing why should we
wait until dome other nations are willing to
help us let go? . .
We care not upon whet issue they force the
flsht. We are prepared to meet them upon
either issue or both. I thank you, friends, for
the interest which you have manifested and
lor the compliment which you have paid to us
by >our assemblage here to-day.
I can but beg of you that you will remember
your duty as citizens. We stard upon the
phuform adopted at Chicago and do not come
to you as suppliants to bee for your votes.
i our votes are your own, and no man is asked
to do anything save an his conscience dictates.
And we beg you to study all the questions pre
sented, study all the issues involved, and then
let your pledge register a freeman's will.
Mr. Bryan left here for Salem ai 8:50
P. M.
BIS PLANS FOR THE FUTURE.
Mr. Bryan Has Outlined His Actions
for Only One Week.
SALEM, 111., July 14.— A dispatch from
Lincoln, Nebr., that the people of Lincoln
were losing enthusiasm because of the
statement that the Democratic nominee
would not make his headquarters there,
was shown to Mr. Bryan to-day by the
United f ress reporter.
"You may say," he said, "that my per
sona! headquarters and residence will be
at Lincoln during the campaign. I will
reach Lincoln Friday evening at 6 o'clock,
and will go to Omaha Saturday evening.
On Monday I will receive the delegates
from Utah, Colorado and Wyoming, en
route to the National Bilver Convention.
* under than thai I have no plans."
-Mr. Bryan added that he would make no
plans until he wag notified of his nomina
tion.
Among the telegrams received to-day
was one from the St. Louis Merchants'
Exchange, asking him to address that
body next Thursday. This he has been
obliged to refuse to do, as he will remain
in St. Louis only long enough to change
cars.
REPUBLICAN COMMITTE EMEN.
They Will Attend a liunineaa Meeting in
Cleveland. To-Day.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 14.— Hon.
Henry C. Payne of Wisconsin, a member
of the executive committee of the Repub
lican National Convention, reached Cleve
land to-nieht to attend the meeting called
for to-morrow. He came over from Chi
cago last nignt. After breakfast he called
at Mr. Hanna's office. The latter was
very busy receiving politicians and news
paper men.
The impression prevails that Senator
Thurston of Nebraska, the permanent
chairman of the St. Louis convention, can
be the ninth member of the executive com
mittee if he will accept the place. Should
the executive committee remain in session
over Thursday Major McKiniey will come
up from Canton to see the members. He
would come to-morrow, but the proposed
visit of the women from Northeastern Ohio
interferes.
Three more members of the committee
arrived here to-nieut. They are Messrs.
Clayton, Man ley and Quay. Mr. Manley
said that McKinley's election is assured.
As to Maine be said: "The grand old State
has never as yet repudiated Republican
ism. Of course, Mr. S- wall is a popular
and shrewd business man and will per
haps poll the usual Democratic vote; but
Mr. Sewall is in bad company."
DELAWARE REPUBLICANS
Denounce the Action of the Democrats as
Anarchistic.
DOVER, Del., July 14.— The Republi
can convention called by the Addicks com
mittee met here to-day. The courtroom
where the convention was held was
crowded. Walter H. Hayes of Wilming
ton, the temporary chairman, made a tell
ing'speecu. He said the Democratic party
had raised a pole and upon it placed
the red tlae of anarchy.
Most of the nominations were made in
county caucuses. John H. Hoffecker was
nominated for Governor.
The platform adopted declared in favor
of eound money, McKiniey and Hobart,
and denounced tbe action of the National
Committee in refusing to seat the Addicks
delegates at the St. Louis convention.
Boaton Republicans Ratify.
BOSTON, Mass., July 13.— A vast audi
ence assembled in Music Hall tbisevening
to greet the Massachusetts delegation to
the St. Louis conventinn and to ratify the
nomination of McKiniey and Hobart.
Cheering prevailed during the entire
meetine. Mention of the names of Mc-
Kiniey and Hobart brought the audience
jto a high pitch of enthusiasm. Hon.
1 Curtis Guild Jr., Senator Lodge, Hon.
William H. Butler and acting Governor
Wolcott were the speakers of the evening.
Setcall's Home Reception.
BATH, Me., July 14.— At a meeting of
citizens last evening it was voted that an
elaborate public reception should be given
to the Hon. Arthur Sewall upon his re
turn to this city. The Republican and
Democratic city committees were given
full power to act, and will labor together
to make the occasion a memorable one.
A«f Silver Paper.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., July 14. — Dan
O'fcullivan, editor of the Sunday Critic,
announced to-day that on August 15 he
would begin the publication of a free-silver
daily newspaper to be called the Demo
crat. The four Democratic dailies of Louis
ville refuse to support the Chicago ticket.
AS IDIOTIC TRAGEDY.
Three Girls Are Dragged to Death by a
Cowboy's Bronco.
' . ST. PAUL, Minn., July Through a
remarkable piece of carelessness on the
part of a young man name . Beltzart near
Marshall this morning two girls were
killed and a third seriously injured. Belt
zari was herding cattle near his home,
and his two sisters and a niece, named
Dunnholland, went out where he was.
He suggested some sort of a game, and
tied the three girls with a rope, one end
of which was tied to a saddle on his pony.
The pony became scared and ran away,
choking to death Miss Dunnholland and
one of the Beitzart girls. The other may
recover from the injuries inflicted.
A MARTYR TO THE CAUSE.
Montana Silver King Contracts Pneu
monia at the Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., July 14.— W. T. Clark
of Montana, the large mine-owner, is in a
very critical condition at the Auditorium
Annex. He arrived in Chicago three days
ahead of the big rush, and worked hard
for free silver. He had a special band,
composed of tbe best musicians of the
West, come to the convention at hia own
expense, and he was kept busy looking
after them and getting all the delegates
into line.
Friday he contracted a cold which
turned into pneumonia. Yesterday after
noon he was somewhat better, but still
very weak.
CRIPPLE CREEK STRIKE,
Breakers Ahead in the Gold
and Silver Camps of
* Colorado.
Three Dollars for Eight Hoars* Work
and Employment of Union Men
Only Demand d.
DENVER, Colo., July 14.— Rumors of a
strike of miners at Cripple Creek have
been rife for several days, and to-day news
of a confirmatory nature has been received
! here. The Miners' Union has ordered a
strike of all members of the union in
Cripple Creek, to take effect to-morrow.
The demands of the union upon the
operators is that they shall sign an agree
ment to employ none but uniou miners,
and that the wastes ehall be $3 per day for
eielit hours' work.
The former contest in Cripple Creek se
cured the waee and hours per day ar
rangement, but it was left to the option
of the operators what class of miners they
might employ. The camp to-day is mixed,
though it is believed the union miners
outnumber those not affiliating with the
union.
It is also understood that the silver camp
of Aspen will likewise be included in tbe
strike.
The Leadville mines have been shut
down for several weeks over the question
of the recosnition of the Miners' Union,
and so far none of the operators have sig
nified a desire to make terms with the
Miners' Union. The extension of the
strike to Cripple Creek and Aspen makes
the situation more serious than ever. The
operators, many of whom are interested in
ail three camps, are stubborn in their de
termination not to recognize the power or
threats of the Miners' Union, while that
labor organization is prepared tor a long
and desperate struggle if need be.
It is stated that emissaries of the union
are watching the railroads leading into
Leadville, for the purpose of preventing
the entrance of new men to work the
mines, and at the first appearance of these
non-union workmen a reign of violence
and mob law is anticipated.
Governor Mclntyre is watching the sit
uation closely, and the militia are ordered
to be ready for prompt responses to calls
for their assistance. They will not be or
dered out, however, until the civil au
thorities have exhausted all their means
to preserve the pence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
J\r&. William el. Bryan, Wife of tfye Democratic .Nominee for tfee Presidency.
Mrs. Bryan has a great liking for politics, and accompanies her husband on many of liis Nebraska jaunts. Her tastes
are essentially literary, and she has written much for various causes. She is a charming woman, and ia as great a favorite
in Lincoln as her husband. She was one of the organizers of the Sorosis, the leading woman's club of Lincoln, and is also a
leader of the W. C. T. U. and other societies. Mr. Bryan says she is invaluable to him in suggestions and the preparation
ot material, and ia advice as to points and methods.
MURDERED BY
HIS OWN MEN,
Fate of General Jose Maceo,
the Cuban Insur
gent.
JEALOUSY THE CAUSE.
White and Black Rebels Arrayed
the One Against the
Other.
CALIXTO GAECIA'S AUTHORITY
Manuel Gonz^ies Ex-cuted for Em
bezzling $15,000 From the Cattle
Tax Fund.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 14.—Cable
grams received here to-day from Cuba con
firm the truth of the story of the Killing of
General Jose Maceo, brother of General
Antonio Maceo, the Cuban insurgent
leader. From the cablegrams received,
the killing of Maieo was nothing more or
less than cold-blooded murder. It further
appears that a race war has broken out in
the insurgent ranks between the whites
and the blacks and that the shooting of
Maceo is the first incident of this unfor
tunate conflict.
Since the arrival in Cuba of General
Calixto Garcia that leader and Maceo have
not been friendly. Maceo resented the su
perior authority conferred upon Garcia by
the Cuban Junta in New York, and Garcia
has been determined to assert his rank.
When the last cargo from the filibustering
steamer Bermuda was landed, Jose Maceo
seized all the arms and ammunition.
Garcia protested against this confiscation.
When the last cargo from the steamer
Three Friends was landed on the coast
near Jaragua, Maceo marched to the sea
board with 150 men and took possession of
the arm* and ammunition.
As he was returning 'from the coast ha
was ambushed and shot to death by men
who, it was asserted, were from his own
army. »
The trouble between blacks and whites
has been further accentuated by the re
cent shooting by General Gomez, after a
c6urt-martial, of Manuel Gonzalez, pro
visional secretary, his secretary and seve
ral subordinates, for the shortage of $15 -
000 or more in the cattle tax funds. Gon
zalez and the other men shot by Gomez
were negroes.
SPAIN CALLED TO ACCOUNT.
Interesting Series of Letters Blade Public
■by the State Department.
WASHINGTON, D. C, . July 14.-The
State Department has made public a long
series of letters encompassing in full de
tail the action of the Government in its
negotiations with Spain concerning the
now-settled Mora claim, and a thorough
amplification of all the circumstances up
to October 5 last, including the Alliarica
case, regarding the assaults by:' Bpanish
officers in Cuba upon American citizens,
nearly all of which have substantially
appeared from time to time in the United
Press dispatches, both under Havana and
Washington dates. •
Included in the correspondence is a let
ter from Secretary.' Olney . to Dupuy de
Lome, referring to the expulsion of John
A. Sowers, Joseph A. Ansley, Aurelio A
Ansley and Maria Luis AnMey, all citizen*
of the United States, from Cuba, a pro
ceeding,;; says Mr. , Olney in his 1 letter
which is of date ■ September 27 last." that
"is harsh in this reeard, that two of the
deported persons, Joseph A. "Ansley and
John Sowers, are said to have been men of
family, and being /in impoverished cir
cumstances, -to have been compelled to
leave .; their wives and -children behind
them without resources." In this case
Mr. Olney said further:
"The right of Spain, as of every other
sovereign state, to expel aliens need not
be discussed. If the riglit be conce.ied to
the fullest extent, tlie mode of its exercise
may be so harsh, unreasonable and op
pressive as to give just ground of com
plaint, and was so beyond all doubt in the
cases now under consideration.
"The proceedings at every stage and in
every particular spera to have been char
acterized by willful disregard, nut merely
of the rights of American citizens, but of
the dictates of common humanity. This
Government cannot be expected to look
upon such proceedings except with indig
nation, nor to pass them over without re
monstrance. It takes this occasion, there
fore, to make known its sentiments in the
matter and give notice to both that it will
demand. adequate redress for the indignity
and injustice inflicted on Sowers and Ans
ley, and that jit will expect such precau
tionary measures to be taken by the Span-
Government for the future as will pre
vent any like treatment of other American
citizens'"
WEYLER'S LATEST DECREE.
foreigner* Must Inscribe Ihrlr Sation-
ality on a Special Rrgiatrr.
HAVANA, Crux, July 14.— 1t is stated
that Captain-General Weyier will issue a
decree to-morrow obliging all foreigners
to inscribe their nationality on a speciel
register to be furnished by the General
Government. They will be given thirty
liuys in which to comply with the terms of
t.'ie (iecree. The measure is taken in view
of the abuses committed by the natives,
who assume false nationalhit'B or allege
that they are foreign born with the object
of eluding their responsibilities under the
Spanish laws.
General Bernal sends meager details of
a fight at Los Guayshales, province of
Piiiar <lel Rio, with a detachment of An
tonio Maceo's forces. General Bernal es
timates that the rebel losses in the engage
ment were upward of forty killed and
wounded. The Spanish Josses were two
killed and ten wounded. The lighting
lasted half an hour.
The police to-day captured in the Jesus
del Monte ward of this city fourteen lads,
who were armed and equipped and about
to start to join the insureents. The old
est of the prisoners, Jo-e Montero. is
known as "El Americano." He is only 20
years old. The rest of the lads range
from 15 to IS years ol*i. The entire party
was taken to police headquarters and held
to await trial. \
MARGRING EASTWARD.
Jtapid Advance of the Cuban* Alarm*
the Spanish.
MADRID, Spain, July 14.— A dispatch
to the Imparciai from Havana says that
the gunboat Antonio Lopez has seized
near Havana a boat containing three oc
cupants, including Jorge Aguirre, who
claims to be an American citizen.
Maximo Gomez and his lieutenant,
Calixto Garcia, are marching eastward.
Their rapid movement is causing alarm to
the Spanish military authorities.
COOPER BEATS BALD.
Exciting Finish in the Mile Open Race
at Bnttle Creek.
BATTLE CREEK, Mich., July 14.—To
day was Tom Cooper's day and he again
demonstrated that he is entitled to the
title "Monarch" by beating Eddie Bald in
the mile open in a hot finish and fast time
considering the dirt track on which the
race was run. Loughead, the Canadian
champion, went a half-mile fora State pro
fessional record, making the distance in 57
seconds.
One mile, open, professional, Tom Cooper,
! Detroit, won; Eilrtie Bald, Buffaio, second;
Fred Loughead, Sernia, Ont., third. Time,
2:13 4-5.
One mile, handicap, professional, Fred
Lourhead, Snrnin, (60 yards) won; Con Baker,
| Columbus, (50 yards) second; Kimball, Indian-
I apolts, (50 yards) third: Clark, Denver, (65
I yards) fourth. Time, 2:09 2-5.
♦
Tommy White Stop" Johnny Tan Herat.
ALBANY, N. V., July 14.— Tommy
White of ; Chicago showed bis superiority
! over Johnny Van Heest in. six rounds at
! the Capital City Athletic Club in this city
to-night. ■ In the - sixth ; round White ; had
his man at his mercy and. would have sent
him into sleepland had not the police in
terfered and stopped the bout.
' :■. ♦ — '—— I ; '•
Another Can* for Secretary Olney.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, July 14.— Secretary
j Olney will soon be requested to take a
i hand in the famous Kneeb» horse-ringing
! case with tho object of effecting the re
lease of the borteman from the German
prison, to which he was committed for
fraud. The prisoner is gradually dying as
a result of the confinement. J. M. Clel
land, Kneeb'a American attorney, has re-
I solved to invoke the aid of the State De
partinenu
A VANDERBILT
IS PARALYZED.
The Elder Cornelius Dan
gerously 111 in New
York.
ONE SIDE IS HELPLESS
But the Physicians Entertain
Hope of His Ultimate
Recovery.
THE FAMILY SUMMONED HOME
Chauncey M Depew, Who Is Now in
Europ?, Has Bsen Notified
by Cable.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 14.— The Sun
to-morrow will say : Cornelius Vanderbilt
the elder is seriously ill at his residence,
1 West Fifty-seventh street, suffering from
a stroke of paralysis. Mr. Vanderbiit was
ptrii-ken yesterd.iy morning. The family
physician, Dr. James W. McLane, was
immediately summoned and an examina
tion disclosed a very slight paralysis of
one side. Late last evening it was said
that his physicians entertained every hope
of Mr. Vauderbilt's ultimate lecovery,
As soon as the nature of Mr. Vander
bilt'a Illness became known Mrs. Vander
bilt and Miss Gertrude Vanderbilt, who
were at Newport, were summoned and all
the other members of the Vanderbilt fam
ily were notified. Mr. Depew received the
news in London by cable.
INTERNATIONAL YACHTING
A Canadian Half-Rater Easily
Beat the American Rep*
resentative.
The Home Boat Lost the Race in the
First Two Miles but Gained
at the End.
OYSTiCR BAY, L. 1., July 14.— When
the half-raters started out on the second
of the three races for the international
cup to-day, the conditions were not very
good. The wind was blowing about six or
eight miles an hour. The course was tri
angular, two miles to a leg, sailed twice
over, making twelve miles in all.
The stai ting gun wa- fired at 12 :35. The
Royal St, Lawrence Yacht Club's Glen
cairn and the Sawanhaka-Corinthian El
Heirie started almost simultaneously, but
the Canadian quickly took the lead. At 1
o'clock Glencairn had increased her lead
to fully a quarter of a mile.
The halt-raters Riverside and Hope were
! both going along with E! Heirie. At 10:30
Giencairn was not »less than half a mile
ahead. They were nearing the first stake
off Lloyds Point at the end of the first
lee whicn is east by north half north.
' Giencairn rounded it well ahead, but after
this El Heirie began to shorten the inter
vening space.
On the second leg Giencairn was in the
lead to the windward which she held to
the second mark, and rounded it at
1:36:12, El Heirie following at 1:38:48.
The third run of two miles saw Glenoairn
still holding a lead, the wind freshening
up a bit. El Heirie, having gained 2:33
minutes in the previous run, was sailing
well, and although still astern, picked up
considerably.
Giencairn rounded the third mark at
2-.VJ-AB, El Heine following at 2:22:16, the
latter gaining eight seconds of her pre
vious time lost during this leg. The same
course was then again sailed over, El
Heirie's sails drawing much better than
the Canadian entry, and she lessened the
gap between them considerably. Gien
cairn, however, rounded the fourth mark
at 2:54:23 and El Heirie at 2:56:40. The
wind now freshened up to westward, Gien
cairn rounding the tilth mark at 3:15:30
and El Heirie at 3:18.
The beat home found the Canadian boat
on the port and the American boat on the
starboard tack. The wind having fresh
ened, the American continued closing
the gap between her and the Canadian.
El Heirie, however, failed to overhaul the
stranger, who rounded the home buoy at
3:53:16. El Heirie reached the buoy 8
minutes 22 .seconds later.
Tbe opinion prevails that the Canadian
will win the three straight racss required,
as she is a better sailer in the light winds
which are prevailing.
OS EASTERN TRACKS.
Horses That Beaded 1 heir fields to the
Wire.
LATONIA, XT., July Fifteen-sixteenths
of a mile, John Havlin won,' Judith G second,
Ben Amelia third. Time, I:35J£.
Eleven-sixteenths of : a mile, F F V won,
John McElroy second, Irby B third. Time,
1:09*.
. Mi>e and seventy yards, Annalyte won, Gov
ernor Jones second, Sir Vassar third. Time,
I:46}*.
Six furlongs, Dorothy won, Mate second,
Cerro Gordo third. Time, 1 :19. :
Five furlongs, Imp won, Carlotta C second,
Pouting third. Time, 1:04.
Six furlongs, Joe Clark won, Yellow Rose
second, Cecil third. Time. 1:18. -
AQUEDUCT, N. V., July 14.— furlongs,
Nina Louise won. Full Speed second, Favo
third. Time. 1:02^.
One mile, The Native won. Premier second,
Emotional third. Time, 1:44.
, Five furlongs, Selaire won, Margaret Roth
second, Courtship II third. Time, I:o3}*.
Mile and an eighth, Sue Kittie won, Mar
shall second, Mirage third. Time, 1 :56^. : :.;
Seven furlongs, Sir Francis won. Ameer sec
ond, Mrs. Stuart third. Time, 1:26.
One mile, Helen H II won, Defender second,
Florena Hubbard third. Time, 1:44.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 14.— mile, Hickok
won, Brahma second, Joe Hart third. Time,
1:44.
Seven and a half furlongs, Helen H. Gard
ner won, Rob Rny II second, First Chance
third. Time I:36}*.
One mile. Weehatchie won, Bertha second,
Cherrystone third. Time, I :43}*.
Mile and a sixteenth, Laureate won, Figaro
second. Time, 1:48%. Only two starters.
Seven and a half lurlongs, Charles P. won.
Fasig second, Utopia third. Time, 1:3(5.
Seven furlongs, Hawthorne won, St. Pancras
second, Couroune dOr third. Time, l:28 l -i.
SAGINAW, Mich., July 14.— class trot
ting, Saginaw Valley stakes, $1000, Barnetta
won, Vallance second, Packet third. Best
time, 2:17%.
2:lb pace, purse $600, Maxim won, Sally
Bronston second, Nicolls third. Best time,
2:1135.
2: Hi class, trotting, purse $600, Baker won,
Sunland clay second, Prince H third. Best
time, 2:14%. _-.
ON THE DIAMOND.
Cincinnati Wins From Brooklyn in the
.Sin'th Inning.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 14.— T0-day's game
was the most exciting of the season, and the
wildest scene ever witnessed at the Cincin
nati ball park occurred when Burke crossed
the plate in the ninth, scoring the winning
run. Time was called in the sixth inning, on
account of rain. Up to this time neither side
had scored,' but Hoy was on second and no one
out. When play was resumed McPhee singled
to left, and Hoy scored the first run of the
game. In the seventh Brooklyn scored four
runs on errors. The Reds tied in the eighth.
Brooklyn went out in the ninth and Cincin
nati won. Score: Cincinnati*, 5, 14, 3;
Brooklyns, 4, 6, 0. Batteries— Foreman and
Gray. Daub nnd Grim. Umpire— Sheridan.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 14.— 1t was simply
a walkaway for the Spiders to-day. Irwln pro
tested tbe game on account of Tebeau Playing.
Score: Clevelands 7, 12, 0; New Yorks 1, G. 0.
Batteries— Young and Zimmer, Clark and Wil
son. Umpire, Hum.
CHICAGO, 111., July Delehanty's bat
ting was again the factor in to-day's game. It
drove in four of the visitors' runs. Score:
Chicagos 8, 10, 5; Philadelphias 9, 15, 7. Bat
teries — Griffith and Kit'.redge, Taylor and
Clement". Umpire, Emslie.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., July 14.-Baltimore made
it three straight 10-day. Louisville was never
in the game. Score: LouisviUes — 7, B;Bal
timores, 11,15,2. Batteries— Hill and Warner;
offer and Clnrk. McFarland.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July Errors by Turner
and Cross in the first inning gave the Senators
their only run to-day. Score : St Louis— B, l6,
2; Washingtons— l, 7, 2. Batteries—Breiten
stein and McFarl^nd; Mercer and McGuire.
Umpire— '
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 14.— Pittsburg shut
Boston out to-day by hitting Lewis' pitching
at the right time. . Hawley was in old-time
form and was splendidly supported. Score:
Pittsbures— 7, 7. 0; Bostons— 8, 2. Bat
teries—Hawley arid Merritt, Lewis and Ber
gen. Umpire— Betts.
■ . ♦
Championship Tennis in England.
LONDON, Exg., July 14.— The all-Eng
land championship tennis tournament
was continued at Wimbledon to-day. In
the second round Lamed, the American
player, defeated Hough, and Casealet de
feated Foote. In the doubles the Risley
brothers beat Mahoney and Lamed.
California I'osttnaaters.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 14.— James
Carr was appointed postmaster atPleasan
ton and Addison Phipps at Yokol, Cal.,
to-day.
NEW TO-DAY.
' Crushing crowds continue to come to our
Clean-up Sale of End-of-the-Season $10,
$12 50 and : $15 Suits, cleaned up this week
at $5 65! Remember, Saturday night ends
it. Sack Suits, single-breasted, light, medium
and dark colors. Scotch Tweeds, Cassimeres,
Cheviots and Worsteds.
. All- Wool Pants, regularly sold at $2, $2 50
and $3, all go in this clean-up at
fiSl "I t^s
«E* JL ■ JL c_3 ■
And they're going fast, too.
Don't put it off ;. you'll be sorry if you do.
Come to-day. Saturday night is the wind-up.
I QuaJily fells' TAILORS Price sells |
MARKET SXWVzk
TROUBLE IN THE
BRITISH CABINET.
The Irish Land Bill May
Disrupt the Present
Ministry.
RADICALS REJOICING.
Chief Secretary Balfour's Action
Is Attributed to Bad Man
agement.
SSCOND MEASURE WBECKED
Chamberlain's Course Is Sharply Criti
cized by Political Leaders
and the Press.
LONDON, Eno., July 14.— The with
drawal of the amendments to the Irish
land offered by Gerald Balfour, Chief Sec
retary for Ireland, is being sharply criti
cized by friends of the Government and
his caused much rejoicing among the
radicals, whose supporters in newspaper
circles are r joicing over the Government's
discomfiture.
The Times, a Government paper, attrib
utes the action of Mr. Balfour to bad
management.
The Daily News predicts that the amend
ments withdrawn will be added to the bill
by the House of Lords, and that by the
application of closure they will be forced
through the House of Commons.
The general belief is that Joseph Cham
berlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies,
is responsible for the withdrawal of the
amendments by his support of T. W.
Russell, the Ulster Unionist leader, in bis
objections thereto, thus inducing Mr.
Balfour to rescind them.
The Standard (Conservative), which is
also a warm eupDorter of the Government,
commenting upon the impossibility of
carrying through ail the measures which,
the Government has included in its pro
gramme, advises them 10 drop these bills
forthwith. "It is hard," says the Stan
dard, ''to massacre the innocents, but
there is no Kindness in allowing them to
linger to an inglorious end."
The political situation has been only
partially relieved by the yielding of Ger
ald Balfour to the pressure for modifica
tion of the amendments to the land. bilL
There is a continuance to-day of the de
mands of Mr. Russell and others for fur
ther modifications of the measure, while
I the press and people generally are giving
expression to sentiments of extreme dis
gust at the feebleness displayed by the
Government. Many Conservatives admit
that if it were not for the hopeless divi
sions that exist between the Liberals and
radicals the Government would be in a
serious plight, as the land bill is tbe sec
ond Government measure of supreme im-
I portance introduced at this session of Par
liament which is now being wrecKed on
lines laid down by the Government. A
few more bills like the education bill and
the Irish land bill, if wrecked by pressure
within the party, will be sure to.bring the
Conservative party to such a difficult pass
as will necessitate the reconstruction of
the Ministry, an end to which Mr. Cham
berlain, who supplies the real force of the
present pressure, would not object.
T. P. O'Connor, discussing this subject
in his paper, the Sun, to-day says:
"The plain truth is that, though Mr.
Russell was the ostensible agent of this
collapse, the whole affair was a personal
triumph for Chamberlain and the landlord
ring. "The Cabinet would have paid little
attention to Russell's protest, as with
their large majority in the House of Com
mons they could easily afford to disregard
the clamor of a few Ulster men. But Rus
sell is Joe's protege and follower, and Bal
four, who would scoff at the idea of being
disconcerted by Russell, retires from the
lists before a salaried officer. As Joe can
not afford to lose a supporter, he has cun
ningly seized the chances to assert him
self and his friends and to humiliate the
house of Cecil."
34
HOLD-UP NEAR
NEVADA CITY,
Travelers on the San Juan
Road Forced to Pay-
Tolls.
ROBBED IN DAYLIGHT.
An Unmasked Bandit Demands
Contributions From All
Who Pass.
ONE VICTIM A DETECT!??.
Hawkshaw G:bson of San Francisco
Adds to the Road Agent's
Exchequer.
NEVADA, Cal., July 14.-A single road
ngent, unmasked and under the light of a
midday sun, collected 101 l from travelers
along the North San Juan road this fore
.noon. Of the half-dozen men halted by
this remarkably bold outlaw, two con
tributed goodly sums to his exchequer.
After having compelled the payment of
involuntary subscriptions sufficient to pro
vide for him the necessaries of life for
some time to come, he withdrew from the
t^cene, and the Nevada City constabulary
has searched for him in vain.
l>etective Thomas B. Gibson and Charles
Sladky, of San Francisco, were returning
to th^ cuv from North San Juan. They
were halted by the highwayman wnen
within three miles of town, at 10 o'clock
in the morning. Tne robber was not
masked and the men in the buegy were
greatly surprised when he covered them
with a Winchester rifle and ordered Gibson
to throw up his hands. Gibson said he
could not, as his horses would run away.
Sladky was then ordered to throw up his
hands, but made some excuse. He was
next told to stand up and throw out his
money. This demand he obeyed, and
tossed into 'he road about $70. Gibson
was commanded to pass out his money,
but told the robber he had none. "With an
oath, the road agent again ordered him to
empty his r»ockets. and Gibson then tossed
out about $25 :n coin.
Th« robber wanted a fine gold watch and
chain that Sladky carried, but Gib?on ar
gued with him, explaining that if he took
the watch it would be the means of his be
ing captured. He told the road agent fie
ought to be satisfied with having been
given all their money. At this moment
another carriage came into sight and Gib
son and his friend were told to drive on.
In the second vehicle were Robert
Latta, a liveryman, and P. G. Peters, a
painter, both from this city. They were
stopped and compelled to tern their pockets
inside out, bat having no money were or
dered to drive out of sight as fast as pos
s.r-.e.
John Moulton. who was on horseback
wi:h $100 on his person, twn women in a
carnage and a man in a cart would doubt
iess have been robbed had they not been
warned by those already held no.
Sheriff Douglass and Deputy Pascoe,
who started for the scene as soon as noti
fied of the robberies, returned at 6 o'clock
I vening. They had found no trace of
the bold highwayman, of whom tney have
a good description. The fellow was mod
es •.:>- but not meanly dressed, small of
-a with a sandy mustache and a
week's growth of beard.
MILL VALLEY'S CARNIVAL
Red Fire Burned on Tamalpais Peak Will
Give H the Grandeur of a
Volcano.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., July 14.— The
summit of Mount Tamalpais will belch
forth in eruption Wednesday night, for
the committed in charge of the "Night in
Mill Valley" celebration, given for the
benefit of the Mill Valley Country Club,
i as made arrangements to burn red fire
from the mountain top at precisely 9
o'clock. This illumination of the rugged
peaks of Tamalpais will be clearly visible
to the people of San Francisco and cities
bordering on the bay. The gentlemen in
charge of the illumination on Wednesday
night are T. H. Reynold?. H. I. Graham
and J. J. Cnllen. The red tire will be taken
to the summit on horseback, and from
prominent points lighted, so as to make
the mountain appear as if in volcanic
eruption.
As the night draws near for Mill Valley's
great entertainment, it is seen that on
every side a great amount of interest is
being taken. It promises to be the biggest
celebration ever held in Marin County,
and the decoration committee reports that
every hocse in Mill Valley will t>e elabo
rately decorated on the 18th, the night of
the fete.
VANCOUVER EXPERIMENT.
Pacific Ocean Waters Stocked With
Halifax Oysters and Lobsters.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 14. -The
Fisheries Department of the Federal Gov
ernment is trying an interesting experi
ment just now— the transplanting in
Canadian Pacific waters of Halifax oysters
and lobsters. There arrived from the
East this week by special freight a large
consignment of young oysters and lobsters.
Four hundred of the lobsters were killed
by the jolting of the cars out of 600 sent.
Severn! millioa of lobster eggs shipped at
the same time came through in good condi
tion. Eight barrels of oysters arrived all
alive and in good condition. A Jot of
black bass was also sent out for the Fraser
River.
On arrival here the entire consignment
was taken several miles up the coast by
steamer to insure them a home in abso
lutely salt water. They will be imprisoned
for a time before systematic distribution
along the coast of Vancouver Island and
mainland begins. This is simply an ex
periment — an attempt to "ascertain
weather Pacific waters will nourish the
del icious bivalves or lobstersfof Nova
Scotia as well as the salt water of the
Atlantic. If the experiment is successful
many carloads will be shipped.
MADERA'S ASSESSOR DEFEATED.
County Supervisors Decide in "King"
Henry Miller's Favor,
MADERA, Cal., July 14.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day, sitting as a Board of
Equalization, canceled the arbitrary as
sessment that was made against the prop
erty of Henry Miller, situated in this
county, for the present year and ordered a
new assessment to be made by the County
Assessor. The arbitrary assessment was
made because, the Assessor claimed, the
statement that had been made by Miller
as to his personal property contained in
tnis county on the first Monday in March
was not correct, and he therefore raised
the assessment to eight times its real
value. Miller filed a complaint before the
Board of Equalization, asking that the
assessment be thrown out, on the ground
that it was not made in pursuance to the
law, and after argument by attorneys for
both sides for the last three days the
board canceled the assessment.
SCORED BY A PORTLAND JUDGE.
Treasury Agent Chappe/le Rebuked for
Alleged Misuse of His
Authority.
PORTLAND, Oh., July 14.— At the con
clusion of the trial this morning in the
United States court of Joseph Dolan, ar
rested by Treasury Agent Chappelle for
conspiring in the admission of Chinese,
Judge Bellinger said:
"It may seem strange that I did not pay
more attention to the instructions re
quested by the attorney for tGe defense,
asking that the jury be told to render a
verdict of not guilty without leaving their
seats, but I abstained simply because I
wished to see what credit they would place
on such testimony as these two uncorrob
orated, self-confessed perjurers, Ritter and
Lindley, had given.
"I wish to state, however, that should
the jnry bring in a verdict of conviction
against the defendant Dolan, which there
is little probability of their doing, I will
immediately set it aside and discharge the
defendant ; and were any argument made
against such decision I would immediately
find the offic-r of this court making such
argument guilty of contempt. This cause
should never have been brought and the
time of this court and jury, aside from th<»
useless expense to the Government in
curred in tlie triai, been taken up.
"I am disgusted tnat men of intelli
gence," and here a glauce was shot at the
Treasury Agent, "should have misused
tneir authority, even though it be buttem
porarv."
With this the indignant Judge, without
even so much a? a dismissal of the stand
ing men, swung his chair around and with
set lace walked into his chambers. Law
yers of a quarter-century practice, who
were in the courtroom, state that never
in their experience have tney heard such
an arraignment from the bench of the
prosecution, and particularly in a Govern
ment case. If Judge Bellinger's face was
white with indignation, that of Chappelle
was paie with rage and chagrin.
SAN JOSE'S CELEBRATION
Swiss Residents Join With the
French in Commemorating
the Bastile's Fall.
Literary Exercise-, Athletic Sports
and a Dance Supply Amuse
ment for Crowds.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. July 14.— The exercises
at the Carnival Pavilion to-day in com
memoration of the fall of the Bastil* were
largely attended by the French and Swiss
residents of Santa Clara County. The in
terior of the pavilion was profusely dec
orated with Swiss and French flags. The
celebration this year was more extensive
[ and imposing than on previous years ana
was more largely attended. At sunrise
this morning a salute of twenty-one guns
was fired. At 10 o'clock dancing began in
the payilion and continued until noon.
This af;ernoen there were literary exer
cises in the pavilion, followed by dancinir.
Athletic sports of all kinds and bicycle
races were held in Bicycle Park. This
evening there was a grand ball, wbich was
largely attended. A tombola of fifty prizes
was a feature of the event.
Those in charge of the celebration were:
L. Aabert, president; Henry Portier, vice
president; P. M. A. Portal, secretary, and
P. Minjoulet, treasurer; committee of ar
rangements — Julian Hermelin, Henry
Jeanrrcut, Joseph Bayle, L. Gairaud and
L. H. Reynaud.
Large Shipment* of Wines.
SAN JOSE, Cax., July 14.— The ship
ment of Santa Clara County wine to San
Francisco and Eastern points has been
very large daring the past week, and will
be even greater for several weeks to come,
as orders have been received for large
quantities as coon as it can be prepared
ior the market. Buyers are offering prices
much in advance of those previously
offered, and the indications are that these
will go even a few points higher. During
the past week 222,140 pounds went for
ward. The prospects for this year's vint
age are excellent, and the wice producers
are satisfied with the outlook.
For a 9mm High School.
SAN JOSE. Cal., July 14.— A resolution
calling for plans for a $75,000 high-school
building, and public-library building to
cost $25,000, was introduced in the Com
mon Council last night and laid over for
one week. It is proposed to accept plans
from local architects only, and to offer
Bnt, second and third prizes for plans for
each building. T::e prizes are to be $150,
$75 and $50 respectively for the bieh-school
building plans, and $60, $40 and $25 for the
public-library plans.
Odd fellows Install Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cai-, July 14.— Allemania
Lodge. I. O. O. F., has installed the fol
lowing officers: Fritz Hauss. N. G. ; L. W.
Weber, V. G. : C. Curdss, R. S. ; F. Alt
mann, P. S. ; William Althaus, treasurer;
J. Mattenberger, warden; G. Bohland,
conductor; P. Doerr, R. S. N. G.; Gustave
Nelson, L. S. N. G. ; J. Schlenber, R. S.
V. G.; L. Henning, L. S. V. G. ; G. Schuiz
R. S. S. ; F. Haub, L. S. a
SANTA ROSA BEQUESTS.
The Late William Bihler's Will Filed
for Probated
SANTA ROSA. Cal., July 14.— The last
will and testament of the late William
Bihler was filed for probate to-day by
Christian Stengel, the executor. The
value of the property is as follows: Cash
in bank, $735 55; home ranch of 400 acres
in Sonoma Conntv, $10,000; 11,000 acres in
Solano County, $7000; lots in San Fran
cisco, $500; about 10,000 acres in Mexico
bonds in the South Pacific Coast Railroad.
$37 000: shares of stock in the Mexican
Colorado River Land Company, value un
known; wine, cooperage, stock, imple
ments and household lurniture, $4300.
The testator bequeaths to his sister,
Uianagel Bihler, $13,000 worth of shares in
the South Pacific Coast Railroad; to the
children of his deceased sister, Elizabeth
Kimmerling, the same; to the chiidren of
his deceased sister, Barbara Stengel, the
same; the Sonoma County property, to
gether with all personal property, to Mrs.
Pauline Duns. By the terms of the will
Guelleno Andrade has the right, privilege
and option of purchase cf shares in the
Mexican Colorado River Land Company
at 35 cents a share. To his nephew, Chris
tian Stengel, Bihler devises ail his lands
in the republic of Mexico. To his heirs
according to law, all the residue of the
prepcrty is bequeathed.
Will Camp at Los Gatos.
LOS GATOS, Cal., July 14.— Company
B, Second Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, of
San Francisco, is preparine to go into
camp at Los Gatos for a week in August.
A committee from the company was
here yesterday making arrangements for
the camp, which will probably be pitched
in Shore's grove. The Los Gatos Board of
Trade has appointed R. E. Robertson, W.
A- Pepper, J. D. Beggs, I. E. Johns and
G. H. Adams a committee to make ar
rangements and provide entertainment for
tiie visiting company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
DRIVEN FROM
AVALON BEACH,
Passengers on the Yacht
Dawn Prevented From
Landing.
COMPELLED TO RETREAT.
Deputies and Employes of the
Banning Company Hold
the Shore.
TWO HOURS OF QUARRELING.
The Invaders Refuse to Pay Tolls
and Attempt to Pass the
Guard.
AVALON, Catalina Island, July 14.—
"Repel invaders !" was the cry that echoed
through Avalon streets this afternoon
when the yacht Dawn from Long Beach,
with over thirty passengers on board,
sailed into the bay, with all her canvas
floating to the breeze, cast anchor and
started her rowboat ashore, manned by
several men. Tne Long Beacb minister,
the editor and the schoolmaster were on
board. A company of deputies, headed by
Messrs. Banning and Lowe and followed
by a crowd of employes of the Banning
Company, rushed to the point toward
which the rowboat was headed, near the
bathhouse. A great throng of men,
women, children and dogs joined in the
general rush on shore, and by the time the
skirl's keel grated on the pebbles a big re
ception committee was awaiting it.
Before landing the spokesman of the
party. Professor J. J. Morgan, principal of
the Ccvina School, hailed out to know
who was in authority. F. H. Lowe called
back, "Here! 1 and then the big pro
fessor sane out:
"We are a party of tourists, and we
want to come ashore for a couple of hours
and look about."
Judge Banning replied that the com
pany did not aeny their right to land to
hiih-water mark, but they could not
cross the strip of land between that and
the public highway, as it was private
property, unless they paid the regular
transportation fee to the Wilmington
Transportation Company. There was a
momentary consultation between the bel
ligerent-looking pedagogue and the editor
of the Long Beacb Eye — his right bower —
and then the skiff was pushed ashore and
the party landed on the beach.
The company of deputies closed in
around them to prevent their going
beyond high-wa^er mark, and the contro
versy, which lasted over two hours, began.
Dogged constantly by the deputies and
their assistants, the gang of trespassers
paced up and down the pebbly beach,
arguing the question. Signals between
those en shore and the passengers on
board the yacht were constantly inter
changed, and presently three other skiffs
bearing passengers from the Dawn ap
proached the shore.
The Banning Company, however, was
prepared to cope with the number, for it
seemed that nearly every one of the army
of employes was on hand to lend assist
ance. Even the colored waiters and clerks
from the Metrocoie were there, and a sin
gle bellboy was left in the big hostelry to
bold it down while the entire island popu
lation flocked to the beach. At one* time
I'rofessor Morgan attempted to crowd past
the resisting crowd, but was promptly
pushed back to high-water mark.
For two hours the would-be visitors
paced the pebbly beach of the hostile
shore, and then they gave it up and, mut
tering vows of vengeance, departed to
their yacht, hoisted their Bails and sped
away.
The members of the party were Cap
tain O. Howorth, commander of the
yacht; F. H. Thatcher, E. E. Armour, M.
M. Dewey, wile and son; Misses Ella
Phillips. Leola Whitfield, Hattie Eiiot,
Nellie Becket, Mrs. Wbitfieid of Pomona;
Rev. W. P. Howorth, Miss Lowe, Horace
Overton, R. M. Lynn, M. A. Hail, Long
Beach; James Shields and wife, 8. J.
Mathes, Los Angeles; Professor J. J. Mor
gan, wife and son, Covina; George F.
Black, Santa Ana; Charles A. Garrett, the
Ifioet Garrett, Dcs Moines, lowa.; Messrs.
Ward, Rogers and Jameson, boatmen.
It is rumored this evening that another
yacht, the Santa Barbara, which has been
hovering about the island for several days,
is likely to attempt a landing during the
night.
THE MONTECITY CRIME.
Cyrus Barnard* Relative* Still Confi
dent That He Has Innocent.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. July 14.—
Yesterday the little cabin occupied by
Cyrus Barnard, the supposed murderer of
Mrs. Richardson and her daughter, Ethel,
was taken down. To-day a sensational
rumor was current on the streets that
under the floor a pit was" concealed, in
which many articles of significance were
found, indicating that Barnard had been
engaged in the petty robberies that have
troubled Santa Barbara for a year past, and
had used this as a receptacle for booty.
This tale is positively denied by Barnard's
stepfather, Peterson, and the Sheriff, both
declaring that not a particle of incriminat
ing evidence was anywhere found, and
that the little pit beneath the house,
which had merely been used for a wood
box, had been thoroughly examined after
the yOting man was killed.
Peterson, a very earnest and conscien
tious man, has examined the bloody shirt
found by Officer Storni and declares that
he never saw one in any way resembling it
in Barnard's possession. He calls espe
cial attention to a long patch sewed with a
man's awkward stitches on one sleeve, and
asserts that Cyrus Barnard, unlike most
bachelors, never mended his clothes, pre
ferring to either replace them or to les
them hang in rags and tatters if he wat
not in funds. Mrs. Peterson used often to
take pity upon him and mend them, but
this was all the attention they received.
ALASKA B UCARAKT DISPUTE.
Secretary Olnty Sends a Commission
X'orth to lnvestirjite,
SEATTLE, Wash., July 14.—Gen
eral Duffield, chief of the Coast Geodetic
Survey, arrived in the city to-day from
the National capital, leaving to-night on
the Government survey vessel Patterson,
Captain E. K. Moore commanding, for
Alaska. The object of his trip, which is
made at the instance of Secretary of State
Olney, is to gather information bearing
upon the Alaskan boundary controversy.
Ihe report of the old Alaska boundary
commission, wbich went out of existence
of December 31, 1895, is now in the posses
sion of Secretary Olney. It simply sup
plied evidence and mad- certain recom
mendations, and a new commission to de
termine the ooundary line between
Alaska and the British possessions is soon
to be appointed. The Patterson took the
inside passage and General Dutfield
will go as far north as the mouth, of the
Yukon and possibly beyond. He will sail
from Unalaska for San Francisco some
time in October.
SANTA CRUZ MYSTERY.
Two Men F ail to Rtturn for a Rig Zef
at a Feedyard.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 14.— Santa
Cruz haa a mystery in the presence at
Farnham's feedyard of a flea-bitten mare,
a cart, a lady's dark gray shawl and white
fascinator, an old dinner-pail, stained with
blackberries, and the end of the handle of
a parasol.
On July 4 two men drove into the feed
yard and engaged care for their mare and
stabling place for the cart for the day and
night. They were strangers to Mr. Farn
ham, though he gave particular notice to
their appearance. One was about 30 years
old and about 5 feet 8 inches in height, of
heavy build and dark complexion. The
other was of sandy complexion, about 25
years-old and 5 feet 6 inches tail.
The men have not been neard from
since, and Mr. Farnham would like pay
for his feed and stable room, while the
police would like to know if there is any
significance in the presence of the woman's
snawl and fascinator, the parasol-handle
and the berry-stained dinner pail. There
was nothine suspicious in the men's com
ing to a public feedyard, but their long
absence is considered peculiar.
Fresno Oil liefinrry.
FRESNO, Cal.. July 14. — A company of
local capitalists, interested in the Coalings
Oil District, have purchased land about a
half miie north of this city, and work has
been commenced on a refinery. Men are
at work on the building, and much of the
machinery and apparatus are now on the
ground and more 'has been ordered. The
largest tanks are placed below ground as
a precaution apainst fire. It is said that
the plan is to pipe oil from Coalinga if the
business proves profitable. This company
haa welis at Coalinga.
M'KEE VISITS SEATTLE,
General Harrison's Son-in-Law
Predicts Success for
McKinley.
Intimates That the Ex-President Will
Take the Stump in His
Own State:
SEATTLE, Wash., July 14.— Baby Mc-
Kee's father, J. R. McKee of New York,
son-in-law of ex-President Harcison, is on
a business visit to this city, having arrived
to-day from Portland. He was joined here
by Judge Scott of Port Townsend, the ex-
President's brother-in-law. In response
to a query as to what progress the free
silver movement was making in New York
State Mr. McKee said:
"It has been discovered in spots, but the
general opinion is that McKinley will win
the State by a greater majority than was
ever given a Presidential candidate before.
"They have troubles of their own in In
diana,'" Mr. McKee observed, on being
asked if General Harrison would make a
canvass in the interest of McKinnley,
"and if he takes the stump at all, I be
lieve it will be only in that State."
BATES TO MILWAUKEE.
Transportation Arrangements for the
Republican Leaoue Convention.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 14.—Presi
dent Kinney of the California State
League of Republican Cludb Has issued
the following with regard to transporta
tion arrangement" to the National Con
vention of the Republican League at Mil
waukee, Wis., August 25-27, restated from
W. P. A. circular No. 10:
Rate — One lowest first-class regular (not tem
porarily reduced) fare for the round trip to
Milwaukee, Wis., and return.
Pates of Bate aad Limits— Tickets may be
sold from all points east of the eastern State
lines of Colorado and Wyoming, Augus: 23
Md •Zi: also Austmt 25 from points within
150 miles of Milwaukee, with final return
limit of August 29, 189ti.
From points west of the eastern State lines
• Wyoming tickets may be sold
August 23 and JS, wltn final return limit of
August 31, lS9t>.
All tickets may be limited to continuous
passage in each direction, going passage to
commence da:e of sale and return passage to
commence date of execution.
Form of tickets— lronclad signature and
witness form ol ticcets requiring execution at
Milwaukee to be used from an-T through Chi
cago, St. Louis, all Missouri River points
(Kansas CV.y to BtoOX City, inclusive), St.
Paul, Minneapolis and Duluth; tickets sold
from Intermediate stations in Eastern com
mittee territory may be of iion-iignatureform.
Note — In this connection it should be noted
that ruling his been made (as per Circular
Letter 469) that it is not competent for any
association line to make a lower rate to Mil
waukee and return for above occasion via
Chicago and boat lines than one first-class
regular fare for the round trip via the shortest
rail line from any point within association
territory. A. W. Kinsey,
President California State League of Repub
lican Clubs.
CAMPAIGN MASAGERS NAMED,
Twenty lfentocrnts I'laeed on the State
OnrruJ r.tminilte-e.
STOCKTON. Cal., July 14.— Frank H.
Gould, chairman of the State Central Com
mittee, by virtue of the power Tested in
him at the last Democratic State Conven
tion, has appointed the following twenty
gentlemen members of the new State Cen
tral Committee: (iavin McNab, San Fran
cisco; James D. Phelan, San Francisco;
A. A. Watkins, San Francisco; Eugene
Deuprey, San Francisco; W. P. Sullivan,
San Francisco; Max Popper, San Fran
cisco; Marion Biggs Jr., San Fran
cisco; Tnomas Garrard, Angels; A. B.
Paris, Ban Bernardino; Harry Patton,
Los Angeles: J. K. Mahan, Sutter;
Jobn i\ llaynes. Eureka; Dr. C. F. Nut
ting, Yreka; W. W. Foote. Oakland; R.
M. Fitzgerald, Oakland; Isidore Alex
ander, Sacramento; D. A. Ostrom, Ynba
County; John Markley, Solano County;
Fred Cox, Sacramento; J. A. Shepherd,
Lathrop.
Chairman Gould has called a meeting
of the new State Central Committee for
Saturday, July IS, at 2 o'clock, at the
California Hotel, San iVan Cisco, and ex
presses the hope that there will be a full
attendance of the committee.
fiantn Ana Vote* Against Bonds.
SANTA ANA, Cal., July 14.— The pro
posed issue of $28,000 bonds for a munici
pal lighting plant was defeated at a special
election here to-day. The total vote cast
was 686. For the bonds. 376; against the
bonds, 310. Two-thirds were necessary to
carry. The principal opposition came
from the company now lighting the city,
wbich kept men and teams going all day.
I'racticaliv no work was done at the polls
for the bonds.
Brynn. Xot O' Bryan.
WOODLAND, Cal.. July 14.— Thomas
M. Prior, a hardware-dealer of this city, is
an old acquaintance of Judge Bryan,
father of William Jennings Bryan, the
Democratic nominee for President. Mr.
Prior knew the family well and he em
phatically denies the stories published in
San Francisco papers last Sunday that the
name was ever spelled O'Bryan.
Incorporated at Plneerrille.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., July 14.—Arti
cles of incorporation have been filed with
the County Clerk by the Salisbury Mining
Company. There are 40,000 shares of
stock, valued at $10 each. Ttie subscribed
capital is $300,150. The directors for the
ensuing year are M. Salisbury, C. F. Irwin
and G. M. Clark of Placerville and W. H.
Crawford and A. W. Longley of Chicago.
The latter two have 15,000 shares each.
THE WITTIER
INVESTIGATION,
Mrs. Mitchell Reiterates the
Accusations of Mis
management.
OPPOSED BY TRUSTEES.
She Declares That Obstacles Are
Placed in the Way of the
Committee.
WILL PUSH THE INQUIRY.
Determined to Right the Wrongs of
Inmates of the State Reform
School.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 14*-Mrs.
Adina Mitchell, at whose request the in
vestigation of the management of
the Whittier Reform School was
ordered by Governor Budd, indig
nantly resents the statement of Trustee
Patterson that the charges of brutality to
inmates were groundless and inspired by
malice.
"1 deprecate any publicity in this mat
ter for two reasons; first, the investiga
tion and taking of testimony is not yet
complete, and second, because I have re
garded our duties as more or less con
fidential owing to its relations to Gov
ernor Budd, who authorized the investiga
tion," said the lady. "I would prefer not
to talk about tne matter."
Mrs. Mitchell's attention was called to a
printed statement by Trustee Patterson,
who was associated with her in this in
vestigation, which was in part as follows:
I have a well-defined suspicion as to the
origin of certain sensational reports relative
to the Whittier school. I have also an opinion
as to the motives of designing persons who for
some weeks have been trying to impose these
exaggerations upon the press. The grounds
for these suspicious I do not care to state at
present.
In reply to this statement Mrs. Mitchell
said:
"I would not at this time enter into the
discussion of this matter at all but for this
statement, which impugns the motives of
the authors of this investigation of the
institution. In order that this point may
be made clear I want to say that I assume
full responsibility for having instigated
the investigation. When the attempted
suicide of Rhoda Webb was reported to
me from a responsible source I immedi
ately wired to Governor Budd as follows :
Los Angeles, Cal., June 30, 1896.
To Governor James H. Budd, Stockton, Cal.:
Just reported to me that a girl confined in a
cell at Whittier attempted suicide by hanging
Saturday, and nearly succeeded. In my opin
ion all due to incompetence and brutality of
management. I have for months done every
thing possible to change these conditions, but
have not been supported. I again appeal to
you for assistance to reform these abuses of
this repulsively mismanaged institution. I
prefer the pressure for reforms in this institu
tion should come from you rather than the
public press. Adina Mitchell,
Trustee Whittier State School.
"To this message the Governor replied as
follows:
Stockton. Cal., July l.
Adina Mitchell, Los Angee*: Matter will be
promptly investigated. Telegraph president
of board to call meeting for that purpose.
Immediately report in writing to me all your
charges against management of institution.
James H. Budd.
"I knew," said Mrs. Mitchell, "there
was no use of applying to Trustee Patter
son for aid or comfort. He has refused
me too often. As for Trustee Mullen, he
was unable to attend the business meet
ings on account of sickness. I was, there
fore, compelled to appeal to the Governor.
Every possible obstacle has been placed in
the way of the investigation by the man
agement, but the conviction that crying
abuses exist in the institution and the
knowledge that I am working in the cause
of right, justice and humanity make me
determined to pursue the investigation to
the end, regardless of every opposition.
Now that this matter has been made pub
lic against my express wishes and garbled
and unfair statements have been printed
in the newspapers, I intend to see to it
that the whole truth is brought to light.
It is a State institution, supported by the
public, and that public should know how
it is conducted/
LONG BEACH CHAUTAUQUA.
Professor Fillmore Lrcturra Entertain
ingly on Indian- JUusie.
LOS ANGELES, Cal,, July 14.— There
was a large attendance at the Chnutauqua
session at Long Beach to-day. Dr. A. J.
Frost has charge of the Bible-reading,
which opens in the morning and continues
for several hours.
The most interesting part of the pro
gramme to-day was Professor John C.
Fillmore's lecture on "Indian Music"
In introducing the subject he said that
only within recent years had it been possi
ble to gain any information concerning
folk songs of the North American aborig
ines. To Miss Alice C. Fletcher, an assist
ant of Professor Putnam in the Peabody
Institute of Harvard University, was due
the credit of being the one to throw the
first light on the subject-
In 1880 she visited the Omahas, and by
her philanthropy and tact succeeded in
gaining the confidence of the tribe to the
extent that the Indians allowed her to at
tend their musical ceremonies and secure
copies of over 1000 of their sonars. Many
of these songs were religions ana were the
staple of important ceremonies which were
held sacred from the white men.
One of these was the "sacred fellowship
pipes," a full chorus service, whicn lasted
from four to five hours. Professor Fill
more also spoke of the music of other
American tribes, the Esquimaux, Van
couver Island Indiana, Chiuese and South
Sea islanders.
Professor Thomas T. Bailey lectured on
"Pedagogy" and Miss Lelia Fetra was
heard on "Music Sight-readme." A con
cert was given this evening under the di
rection of Professor C. 8. Cornell.
PERISH ON MOJAVE DESERT.
Two Los Angeles Mine- Owners Succumb
to the Heat A ear Goler
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 14.— News
was received to-day of the death of a
mine-owner named Nortbcutt and his
partner on the Mojave Desert. It appears
that the pair were proceeding from Mojave
to Goler when they were overcome by the
heat on the desert. They managed to get
to the shelter of a tree, where Northcutt's
companion died. Northcutt dragged him
i self to a railroad station, where he also
died and his body was shipped to this
city.
Northcutt's attorneys here are Gordon &
Conrey. They were seen to-day, but had
no knowledge of the death of their client.
It is reported that tiiere have been six
deaths from heat upon the desert within
the liist few days. Nortncutt's mines were
near Ogilby station. He left for that point
laac Wednesday.
PACIFIC GROVE'S GUESTS.
Recognition Day Observed by the Chau
tauqua Assembly.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July 14.— This
was recognition day in the Cbaatauqaan
assembly, and it has proved to be the most
interesting so far since the assembly con
vened. At 9 o'clock the different classes
adjourned to their respective rooms and
remained in session until 12 o'clock. The
class in dressmaking leads now, with a
membership of thirty. Tne course will
consist of four lessons in cutting and
fitting.
The forum hour was taken up by Mrs.
C. A. Buckle of Oakland, who lectured on
"The Woman as I Have Found Her."
Mrs. Buckle spoKe on the different types
of tne "new woman." She said the plat
form speaker of old, who has been dis
cussed so much, instead of being a mascu
line woman was a womanly woman. She
enumerated the several types of women,
but dwelt more particularly on the profes
sional woman, the co-eds, the society
woman and the working woman.
In the afternoon the recognition ,day ex
ercises began with a procession of the
Chautauqua members from their head
quarters to the assembly hall on Light
house avenue. The exercises opened with
a cornet solo by Miss Shipley. The
graduates were recognized. Mrs. Field
read the class poem and Dr. McClish ad
dressed the class of '96. His subject was
"Eulogy of Man." He reviewed all of
man's great endowments — physical, men
tal and spirit jal. He presented the mem
bers of the graduating ciass with their
diplomas, and after a song by Miss Mast
Dr. Sinei pronounced the benediction.
The class of '96 consisted of thirty mem
bers. Those receiving diplomas to-day
were: Miss Alice Griffen, Mrs. Mary L.
Carroll, San Jose; Miss Marinda Norris,
Miss Lotta Trepey, Mrs. Mary C. Allen, I
Mrs. George W. Patterson, Ceuterviile; j
Miss F. V. Brown, Miss Mary I. Brown,
Newark; Miss Mary E. Skinner, Auburn;
Miss Emma J. Finley, Geyserville. Miss
Grace Smith and Miss Doratha Smith of
Oakland were also present at to-day's ex
ercises.
Dr. Carlos Martyn of Cnicago lectured
on "The Devil in Polities'' to-night.
LOS ANGELES SENSATION.
British Vice-Consul Mortimer
Complains of an Insult
on the Fourth.
Three Policemen Suspended for Having
Hauled Down an English
Flag.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., July 14.—Some
thing of a sensation whs created here to
day when it was learned that her Majesty's
subject, British Vice-Consul Mortimer,
had been insulted on Independence day
by minions of the law and I ad com
plained bitterly of the insult, addressing
a caustic letter to Mayor Rader on the
subject. This epistle was considered by
the Police Commissioners to-day. It was
as follows:
On the 4th instant, shortly before the pro
cession passed my office, three policemen, ac
companied by ten or twelve other persons,
called at my office and requested me to haul
down the British flag or to hoist the American
flag with it. Upon my declining to do so,
they intimated that they would haul it down,
stating that the procession would soou
arrive, and that if the flag was
allowed to remain as it was there
would be a riot. I warned them not to do
this, and they then said they would telephone
to the Chief of Police for instructions. Would
you kinily inform me whether these men were
acting under instructions from the municipal
authorities, and if they were not so acting
what steps you propose taking in the matter?
C. White Mortimer.
Chief Glass said: "Gentlemen, just one
word on this matter. Tnese officers were
Messrs. McLean, Reynolds and Baker. It
was the most dagrant display of ignorance
I ever heard of. They acted entirely with
out authority from any superior."
"It won't do any harm to near what
they have to say for themselves," sai.J
Mr. Barham. Mayor Kadcr didn't be- i
lieve the men were actuated by any wrong j
motives, but they were incited to act as
they did by some over-impulsive patriots.
He agreed with Mr. Barham that the men
should be heard, and Mr. Long therefore i
substituted for his motion another to the j
effect that officers Baker, McLean and |
Reynolds be suspended, with notice to ap- I
pear next Tuesday to set forth the reasons
why their suspension should not be made
indefinite.
Kern County Assessments.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 14.— The
Supervisors sat as a Board of Eaualization
this atternoon to hear the protest of th«
Southern Pacific against its assessment.
The company asked a reduction of 65 per
cent, claiming that a vast amount of
worthless land had been assessed. Henry
Miller is here and will be heard to-mor
row. He also asks for a reduction of as
sessment.
UDGE FOR YOUR-
self whether it is best to have your face
filled with pimples and blood blotches or
whether you would prefer a clean face and
a good blood. If you decide for the latter
use
_n______ _F
TESTIMONIAL
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: I have just completed the second
bottle of your Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I
have had caUrrh for years, which affected
my eyes, hearing and stomach. Frequent-
ly would have dull headaches for days at
a time. Bmce taking your remedy I have
felt no disagreeable symptom.
Trusting you will publish this, as I want
any one suffering from any of the above
symptoms to be benefited. Kindly send
me two more bottles by return express.
(Signed.)
MR. FREDERICK DE RICHMOND,
[ Seattle, Wash.
■Syr ** '^ft-f'.iVV'
______! \\ \*Q__rv Jxr Mm JLw a4&P _fCV*
V^V __H_r Jff jMST _W s ik
____b\\\ \\\ \ \ \ \ \ \ __B\v
Is the light that will brine: a great bfj?
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous 1 your now
weak body can be made. Hndvan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It i 3 so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can net it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable. .
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharee in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
. HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means imDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of aorr>
producing germs. Tuen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
falling nalr. You can save a trip to Hoi Springs
by writing for "Blood Book' to the old physicians
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
DON'T LET GO
Of your Dollars until you have seen
what we arc doing In
TRIMS, BAGSMD VALISES.
TRUNKS.
Zinc covered, Saratoga shape. sheet-Iron bot-
tom, pa em bolts and stays, inside tray.
28-inch. $3 10 | 30-inch, $3 60 | K2-inch, 91 10
34-inch, $4 60 j 36-lnca, 85 10 | 38-lnch, *5 60
VALISES.
Best grain leather, mauve color.
16-inch, $1 25 1 18-inch, $1 75 | 20-lnch, #5 25
BAGS. ■..'••.£.■
Best grain leather, leather lined.
12-inch, $2 15 | 13-inch, $2 40 | 14-inch, 92 65
CANVAS TELESCOPES.
• Leather corners. '
14-inch, 35c | 16-inch, 60c | 18-inch, 85c
03-KAZOKS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty.
SIB-820 MARKET ST.
DR.MCMJLTY.
. rpHISWEI.IrKXO\V:N AND RELIABLE SPE.
1 ctßllst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OF MEN ONLY. He stops
Discbarges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Sores and swellings: Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other-weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Krrors of Youth and their
terrible effects, Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
tronbles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men. ,
■ He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, ■!*•
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs.
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable.
Hours— 9 to 3 dcily; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and »*•
credly confidential. Call on or address •■
, P. KOSCUK MoNULTY, M. I>. #
99}4 Kearnjr St., San Francisco, Cal.
KB" Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
THESDCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GEE ROOM .
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI
OPEX U.NTIL MIUNIUHT.
ill^yHMfl ' FIFTY-DOLLAR
|^P^ELECTRi3 BELTS
f*£^*>!C«^W 1 ' for $15; also Rood belts for
-:i~\ /..Y' — •■-'-^ -■'■ iJlt « 8t latent and all
''*'"''•" jSlb - 'mprovemems. 45* Call
W or write tor new pamphlet
PIERCK & SON. 704 Ba^kmen-o $? c^ Hel™
■•cond, third and fourth tlo^ f Vranciecf^'
ii#!!S^ciy^^^
JQV a«r»uu*d yg charges, or any in flam m£
«•■ not w rjieiu,. ■ tion. irritation or nlcMm-
gjJPwTeau conuswn. tion of muccng m/m-
HEtvm CHEMIOICq cranes. Kon-aatringent.
I^AuINCiNNAT.O ■ I Sold by iUrngtiit,
C. S. a. jgi*ri at in Plain wr-.pppr,
'^^^M^r?! « 1 y <v> eipre ? 8 L Prepaid, f-r
fl-00. ,°r 3 bottles, $.7\
■.;,^BW^r m Circular sens or. *.***.RAN ASHORE
IN A FOG,
I Continued from iirtt Pngt.\
shock as the vessel was going along care- i
fully. There were, in fact, three little i
bumps in quick succession. Everybody
rusted out from the cabin, but there was
hardly any excitement and what there
was lasted only a moment.
"The captain immediately gave orders
to lower the boats and there was the best
of discipline among the passengers and j
the crew. Captain Clark was perfectly
cool and had the men well nnder control.
The purser went off in the first boat and
carried the news of the accident ashore.
"About ti o'clock two or three tugs cr.me
hi xitrht of the vessel, the Active being the
first to come up to us and take us on board, j
"The Colombia was resting entirely on
her forward compartments on the rocks
and had oniy a little water in
her hold when we left her. There
is a big hole knocked in ncr prow
about twelve feet from the stem.
I believe that it will take a great deal of
repairing to put her afloat again. We
struck at extremely low tide.
"Captain Clark is certainly one of the
finest officers and one of the most perfect
gentlemen that I have ever sailed with
and 1 have been on the sea a great many
times.
"Before leaving the vessel the passen
gers wrote a paper to which every one sub
scribed their names. It was in substance
as follows:
We the undersigned wholly exonerate Cap
tain Clark from any blame whatever in con
nection with the accident to the Colombia
and desire to express our sincere thanks
to him for his courtesy throughout the trip.
We further desire to compliment Captain
Clark for the perfect discipline of his men and
their prompt action at the time of the accident.
"No, sir; Captain Clark was sadly de
luded by the echo of the foe horn. No
mortal man could have done better than
ne under like circumstances."
Among tne most stoical of the rescued
passengers was Emil Meyer. Mr. Meyer
stooa on the deck of the Active as she ap
proached the City, and looked anxiously
toward the lighted docks, but did not join
in the complaints which the other pas
sengers were making.
"It was about 8 o'clock this morning
when the vessel struck," said Mr. Meyer, j
"It was foggy, and at first we did not
know what was the matter. When we did
find out what was wrong there was
nothing to be frightened at. We were
resting on the bottom, bat we were as
sured there was no danger. At any time
we could have gone ashore in the boats
if it had been necessary. We stayed
there in sight of land all day as patiently
as possible under the circumstances. It
was nearly 6 o'clock when the Active came
to relieve us. Then, of course, we were
glad to get away from the stranded vessel.
The trip from the scene of the wreck here
has been of great inconvenience. Especially
has this been so for tne ladies. The
weather has been miserable for travel in
an open boat, and the ladies have suffered
severely.
"We have no complaint to make of tne
actions of the officers. Today we passed
resolutions exempting them from all
b.'ame, and we have no complaint to make
about our treatment."
Isaac Straughan of New Jersey was one
of the passengers who claims to have been
on the deck when the catastrophe oc
curred.
"There was no excitement when the
vessel struck," he declared, "but the rea
son, perhaps, was that very few knew that
anything had happened. There was no
perceptible jar and there was no sign of
the vessel having struck.
"The first the people knew of the acci
dent was when they were informed by the
officers, and then they were assured there
was no cause for alarm.
"The shore was in sight, and it seemed
such a little way to dry land that the
passengers readily kept up their courage.
"The most disagreeable part of the
whole incident has been the trip up from
Pigeon Point.
"The accommodations have, of course,
been very poor, but we were in luck to get
off with our lives, so I suppose we ought
not to complain."
THE ACTIVE ARRIVES.
She Brought Up the Bullion, Money and
Mails of the Wrecktd Steamer.
At midnignt the tng Active, Captain
Harry Marshall, of the Spreckels line
came to anchor in the stream off Meiges
wharf with all the passengers, the bullion,
money and the mails of the wrecked Co
lombia. The Active also brought all the
baggage of the rescued passengers.
The tug was taxed to the utmost, and,
despite the strenuous efforts of all her
officers, there was considerable complaint
from the passengers over the project ol
being compelled to spend the night in an
open boat after their experiences of the
day.
Their peace of mind, however, was re
stored when they learned that they would
be allowed to land as soon as matters
could be arranged. Soon the Active
hoisted her anchor and was rushing to
ward the Pacific Mail dock.
This was reached at about 1:20 o'clock
this morning, and after they had been
compelled to undereo the usual examina
tion by the quarantine and custom
officials, all who desired were allowed
to land, and most of them gladly took
advantage of the privilege. Within
a quarter of an hour the passengers who
did not care to go ashore were transferred
to the Newport, which was lying at the
Pacific Mail wharf. Here they were made
as comfortable as circumstances would
permit.
The Active left here at about 1 p. it. yes
terday and arrived at the locality
of the wreck about four hours
later. The passengers, their baggage,
the bullion, treasure and mails were at
once as rapidly as possible transferred
in boats from the Colombia to the Active,
which lay about 600 feet away from the
unfortunate vessel. As soon as this work
was completed the Active steamed away
for this port.
THOSE WHO CAME HOME.
Full Hit of the Jfaatenqerm Who Came
Dp on the Active.
The passengers who came np in the tug
Active were as follows:
D. L. de Franzis. Guatemala; R. Fen
dado, Germany; R. Cabrera, Mexico; O.
Abraham, United States ; Harriet Pres
ton, Uiiit«d States; Mrs. Lizzie Dienski,
United States; C. B. Lastreto, United
States; W Eakayi, United Btate»; F. Don
aldson, United States; F. Sanjent, Eng
land; Dr. F. Carrer. England;
P. Houghton, U. 8.; Miss Johanna
Acquitle, Guatemala; Mrs. Cecelua Ar
rago. Guatemala; J. Fernandez Padilla,
Spain; Augustine Rodegna, Spain;
Joseph M. O'Brien, United States;
Mrs. Cecilia O'Brien, United States;
■Mr*. Alice Lackaye, U. 8.; Mrs. E. L.
Donaldson, U. 8.; Mrs. £. Sargent, U. S. ;
Emil Meyer, England; C. de Lerence.
Guatemala; L. Lugo Arriago, Guate
mala; M. Fernandez Perdadilla, Spain;
Felipe Lazo de Nidenee, Guatemala;
Carmer Rodzna, Spain; A. Krauss, Ger
many; J. C. Quinn, United States; Wil
liam Smith, United States; J. H. Rainey,
United States; Hall Dianski.Umted States;
Miss May Taber, United States; P. H.
Herlihy, United States; M. C. Kolter,
Germany; Mary Kolter, Germany; Mrs.
Sara Brisk, Colon ; Elcho Bouike, United
States; W. Bird, United States;
jI. J- Straughan, United States;
Charles R. Hawkins, United Siates;
John C. Patterson, Sweden; Ann Kolter,
Germany; David Brisk, Poland; Temple
Bourke, United States; C. H. Pfaff,
j United States; Daniel Nolton, United
States; Cherio Meza. Spain; S. Klen, Ger
many; R. A. Sedray, United States;
P. Janas, Denmark; *L. C. H. Spencer,
San Francisco; H. P. Ross, Canada; C.
Meade, West Indies; C. Panter, Ger
many; N. Rodweld. Germany; C. Roth
' lisher, United States; Joseph Brisk, Po
land.
There were also four Chinese.
DELUSIVE AC OUSTICS
A. Big Lots of JAfe Probably Averted by
the Absence of All Panic.
According to the statements of numer
ous passengers interviewed the striking of
the Colombia was one of the most remark
able marine disasters ever recorded, by
reason of the almost entire absence of any
thing like fear, confusion or panic, either
among the crew or the passengers.
At the time the vessel struck she was
moving under slow belis, and the jar,
i while distinct, was not sufficient to
cause alarm, and most of the pas
sengers only knew that some
thing unusual had occurred when
visited by one of the officers of the Colom
bia, and quietly informed that the vessel
bad run aground. They were instructed
to get ready to go ashore, and many were
so undisturbed as to select their Sunday
best apparel.
The accident was caused by the decep
tive acoustics, due to the varying strata of
tbe fog banks. These caused the fog sig
nals on shore to sound as if they came
from the sea, and Captain Clark, believing
he was approaching another steamer,
headed directiy inshore. He discovered
his mistake only when the vessel struck.
As soon as it was ascertained that the
vessel could not be released by her own
efforts Purser B. J. Harnette put off in a
boat for shore to telegraph for assistance.
Owing to the fog the boats pulled aiong
."bore for some distance, but tinaliy landed
about nine miles south of Pescadero. He
left tbe Colombia at 8:30 a. m. and reached
shore a half- hour later, near a school
house. He secured a team near by and
hastened to Pescadero, where he tele
graphed to the Pacinc Mail officials.
MAIL, COMPACT DISASTERS.
The Los* of the Colombia the Last of a
Srrirm of fortunes.
Disaster still follows the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company.
Of all the concerns that make money
and pay dividends to Eastern stockhold- '
ers it surely is the mon unfortunate. i
Steamer after steamer has gone ashore :
and become a total loss. Others have j
gone ashore and after great expense were '
got off, while in one instance the vessel 1
capsized in midocean and the loss of life j
was appalling.
As the company carries its own insur- j
ance, it can easily be seen that its losses
during the last five years must have been
enormous. . _ . .-''■". ■/. -, 
The first of the company's recent losses
! was the Granada. After leaving Manza
riillo she went ashore at Point Tigupau.
All on board got away in safety and Cap
tain Decring was acquitted. Next came
the Nicaragua. She came here from New
York after being launched and fitted out.
She sailed for Panama on her maiden trip
in command of Captain Nickerson, but
ran on a hidden reef, which extends a few
miles out from Point Romidias, San Sal
vador.
The next was the City of New York.'
Owing to a mistake in judgment the pilot
ran her on Point Bonita and she became a
total loss. The passengers and crew were
saved. It will thus be . seen that so far
the company had escaped with the loss of
their vessels, but when the unfortunate
Colima went down in a storm there was
weeping and wailing from all parts of the
country. The story of this terrible disas
ter is still fresh in the minds of everybody
and damage suits are now pending in the
New York courts.
-Of the vessels that did not become total
losses there is the Riode Janeiro that went
ashore near Yokohama, but was eventu
ally got off and taken to Hongkong for re
pairs. Then the San Juan went ashore
near Point Sur, but was saved, the City of
Peking that broke down in mid ocean and
made port under sail and the llio de
Janeiro that ran out of coal and had to
burn her deck houses in order to reach
Honolulu. ,
On the top of this series of disasters
comes the news that the tine new steamer.
Colombia went ashore at Pigeon Point
yesterday at 8 a. m. in a fog and will prob
ably become a total loss. She was on her
way here from Panama with a full cargo,
but Captain William Clark lost his bear
ings in a dense fog and ran his vessel on
the rocks. The ibtest dispatch from the
wreck received dv the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday afternoon reads: "Ves
sel careening. Latest reports say that she
is bumping badly on the rocks and if not
lightened is liable to go to pieces. One of
her compartments is full of water. The
Colombia has on board 36 cabin passengers.
26 steerage passengers and a crew of 90
men all told.
As soon as trie news reached the City the
tugs Active and Reliance of Spreckels' line
and the Sea King of the Shipowners' and
Merchants' line were at once dispatched to
the scene of disaster. Later they were fol
lowed by ; the Spreckels' tug Vigilant and
the steam schooners Jewel, Newsboy, Bes
sie X and Noyo. The Jewel will take
down a lot of pumps and -= the Vigilant
some wrecking gear. Captain M^etcalf, as
the representative of the underwriters, and
General Manager Schwerin of the Mail
company also went down on the tug to
superintend the work of unloading the
cargo and the attempt at getting the vessel
off the rocks. X - ', ,
Shippers at this end will not' suffer any
inconvenience, as the company at once
chartered : the Oceanic* Steamship '. Com
pany's Zealandia, and she will take the
Colombia's place for the time being. '' :
The Colombia is a new ship and is one
of the latest additions :to the company's
fleet. This was her maiden voyage on this
side. She sailed from San Francisco May
19 and arrived June 19 at Panama. . She
was scheduled to arrive here yesterday.
The Colombia was built in Chester, Pa.,
in 1892, and in of 3616 tons burden. ; Her
dimensions are: 327 feet long, 45 feet
broad and 18 feet deep. She is a sister
ship to the Peru now running •in the
China trade. ■ .{ .;:
Pigeon Point is • a rocky projection,
rising abruptly ; fifty feet above the
sea,, with a low neck of half that
elevation inside the point. Behind it
rises the ridge of mountains of the penin
sula of San Francis :o, and at the bend of.
the land to the eastward and about 150
yards northeast of the light is a small boat
landing- which is available only in good
weather. The sea breaks there when the
wind ;is westerly or - northwesterly. "V A
chute with booms and derrick attachments
is maintained, a? the ; whalers frequently
go ashore at the spot. . It is thought that
the Colombia's passengers we re rowed to
[his landing in boats and put ashore in
safety."^* All freight from coasters -is
usually unloaded from surfboats. .
The shore line from Ano Nuevo to Pig
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
NEW TO-DAT DRY GOODS.
XK>O<>O<><X><K>-O<H><MK
M^^^^^^ THESE. DOUBLE MTRACTIotiS WILL CROWD " S
alllB»^^K wrstores as never BEFORE.- YOU will £
■BiW 'ilflk' WOT BE OISAPPOINTEQ.FOR YOU NEVER KNEW. ?
■ ||£U^ "ui^pHfc SAW.OR HEMU>:-,OFSUCW BARGAINS AS YOUWILL %
•sS^JfejSySyit GET HERE TOMORROW. COMEEftRLY^ AVOIDS CRUSH X
nniIIUCTAIDC 111 TUC $<s>®(aXs)®®®(Bx3Xg®®<^^ CTIT>TC< I JL
UUWNbTAIKb IN lHt j $1.25,W0rtb $2.50 | the western union telegraph company. | .^Vtt i r& oikliiid! O
BASEMENT. j-jj.-g.oj-, • y.?-.^^saarrgsa-aasar^^^m^ • Im^^^KH Mmm Mwli ., UMlton Olprlce _ 9
The most wonderful Cloak value* you brata. <§ .^^".lV.:^.^^^^^ S for l! 7 n^°!^" ? rl^-n the lowest man wins Try every suit O
ever saw or heard tell of. Why. the _A _ ® ~*£2£&&ZXZX2£Z?£Z!22S£'* m ' m — — — «- — — -«———-—- -i-r-** . g aoy inducemen i, v house, dry Roods or cloak store in this T
price of the c rment Is less than the cost $1.9 D CapeS, | . ""^ -»""»'» uaRU TnTTiZ^rX^rZrXttZXr S; n ey an ?n yo^r city. If they can match tbese prices by 0
of .single >ard of material! It will pay V . 1V« "* ' S ""'TU^r^ /% ., = ',\~T~'~^- :^T = "-^"-~- J==;^^^«y" ' ' jU- /,\ LJ\ ' $ wildest extravagance 50 per cent tell us. We're makiiie fools T
any one, no matter how fastidious, to . H(TO *•'). X * >/V • /ff/SY^ "a ■" * tf?_ /S^. * — «*FJ/ t/*^\j* ® you expected to ex- of ourselves. . O
visit our basement salesroom. You get *» 8 — - nn ,,.. n I —/^ XflU^X— W iyD^KsaCQt*-* ( / .. I . pend. _ Pon.ee a,d SH k Skirts, ,1- 6
your money back tenfold. 'r£tL £'*£ £3% of X / w. ' V> V / S — Ponpee and Silk Skirts, $1. O
JACKETS, $1.00. «S»L,r'« iniAwD-i.^i* ....._ Jii=£ ;^^l^_ leo I ; $250 Weres7so "XS d^ skirt " ?2 - $
AU kinds and styles, silk-faced. J ilk- | ToT** ® Patedffa CVK.y,fr« tfgfi O^ I 1 | newest Midsum- x^y^brace iLrtftfom^O^SlO*
li-.ied. Some have jnore than £l worth ; Sl^Payvou Jo Uy © _ J <p ". "T ro @ Jacet in tan, with i£* *""?£?. s t s^ ™ m e ' I "u£s vet 6
of buttons on them. In their day aside until next year. ® To °< g gJfc O4a m /L,*c.^ C* ® four large, eleeant Are you going to nave one 7 I guess yes. V
they sold for 10. Are sightly, ser- Never were Capes so ® . --—-,_- T^ <^\ . -. ® t , ear i buttons, "every .. . • ..." /S
Viewable and dirt Cheap. -.=/."■ pinched in price and so ® , « <_7 ■ ■'■ ® • inch a lady's jacket- Black Jerseys, Sze 32, Only 2SC. V
P THIn C^X£^ full in material. ® .^.- _- -— Tl , -^- • | They can't last long cat *, 50 buck Vests for 25c. '6 '
English Long Coats, $2.95. toq-.^. $>-.Jh* d£* rt^ J&U^> O. v^ n^* Ar~ AL^2xbcfja^ •| = the price. Every store fl 50 Duck \ ests for 25c. \J
English Long Coats, $2.95. *« qs r anM % •*/£*, *X^ a^ M^^y> <2~ n^ Ay^ At^^dcsj*^ % I? 1 "* ">™ £ a Je es v &**£^" l Ji? to J? r JP a rt
Come In tan, black, blue. These gar- ♦ 8 - s ' d la F 8 V, KA | !T^ , n %t7^ ~~*Vn*** fl*«t r*m«M~> C^«rt, , g their leader jackeu $5 Silk \ests for $1,00. O
• last fall for that an, more. £"^ St j a — >' P*" 4 J *-'. 2 4' " "* I Children' 8 Jafket,, * n^htalot % t *5 0
Prince Albert Coats, $3.95. Swohed P rts Yoii l^;w^ Vl JIT '/j ----—, T^ 8 $1.50, £.95. $3.95, Bicycle Snitj, ». collar, Kobby 0
Prince Albert LoatS, 5J.V5. w ; ve^t Buc8 ucn S laush" fffiufffiintf .Pr*«, ■*& &L*£ W were $4. »5. »7 SO. Tan or Black Velvet ColUr. Nobby Sr»
Some of these sold for $35— none less er of Innocents. Ham- ® ■ / ■ __ . T7 . 9) i • Now's the time to Jacket Suits. Q,
than $20— these are the ravages of i burger & sons are rich ® < . >Attm/*4^4£^, —^*3^>-l>o ;- ® jacket your girls for V
DameFahhion. i and we don't care. §L~v^ ' : — 7~p — x fall. Ladies* Suits, $2 50 and $3.50. Q
° , v- *. . ff Q . . ®®®(SXS)®®(SXs)®®®(»)®®®®®®®<SXS)^^ You wouldn't believe it. nor would we. X
PIUSn Jackets, $5 and $5. A^ V w l^--_- ...,»,„ The suit that is to be sold to-morrow at Q
Sold for $20 to $40. The plush and satin $.1.9.) Capes. Were $10. $3.50 Capes, Were $9. LADIES' SUITS. cost S iir*lV(> 1 Th^v"^ O
il™nl«7?l!w.. brlng Uie ' PrlCe OB * Tailor-maae Strapwork Cape., Imported K.r- Imported Black English Kersey Double Capes, . ' ■ . ■= " sightly and serviceable, and 'you're get- X
remnant table. seys and Meltons with inlaid velvet collars; some fashionable always for middle-aged ladies. $/.&0 SllllS lOF Si. 50. ting bargains tnat are miracles. Sold for Q
Children's Jackets OOC TnirSnl' spangle^ some trimmed with _ • They are a few seasons old. but the style Is all *12 50, §15 and $20. A'
tnilOren > jaCKetS, 09C. iruo/ Dutwns. .-,... ,« r >Bht. Why, you can't buy a calico wrapper for ■ V
Not a word-the price speaks all. „ -' CLOAK DEPARTMENT. *1 50. and yet you get wool suits that were cheap $5 for Suits, Were $15 to $25. A
„.* - *-. __„ ,c _ $9.95 CapeS, Were $20. urI , FT(; hdctaidc ** — i — Prince Alberts, Corduroys. Box Coats, V
Golf Capes, $3, $350 and $5. SllU-Uned.ancy.ly'c^sthrt.o.d^Sm JACKETS UPSTAIRS $1.75 W^pCrS fOF 75C. Lined Jackets and Skirts. Well, the 11 n- .9 "
t */* n ,.„.,,* .11 t ,im n .rt. Stlk-llned Fancy Trilby tapes that sold for *20. $3.9» Jacbts, Were $10. Y M $l.*i) HlilDpfTS « r^7s l*«. infjs alone cost more. Now, aon't say 9
tol i?tf3 a^^A*WS k"£: J^^^^^^ldT^\^Tl i^ $3-fc> Jackets, ffere $10. >22X£*' i #ZF" m ifrd2 kln . d ' lf™'™\™txXL s Zs?LU£ 9
Sing^Sdl^eap? 6 16 . — • ar^^h^w^^he^^ irff^^^W 1 * 1 I^^^^^?*™ X
95c. . $13.95 Capes, Were $25. "HKsS^'ror^SW.V Ladies' Percale Waists, 35c. $7. so for suits, were $25 tos4o. 0
A tftW* fnll of JflpltPU Canes TTlsters Parisian mod v ls. single garments, imported to JacKets at «0 95. were $15. " ' • They are the 75c kind. If they are cheap i 5^ me r - t it i ft= B '{rf Om ,t lo,t Gilt O
A tahlfr full of TarkpU Tanes Platers Parisian models, single Karmtnts. imported to Jacxets at t« 95, were $15 € They are the 75c kind. If they are cheap „ mo r *i.-«tj , ■*£ '*J , ?i ,? • -> I V
"Thev l hi Teen betfe^ diVs" copy the styles from, lined with finest Parisian Jackets at #7 95. were $17 50. V enough, why, come early. The cheapest waist in lined Jackets, silk in the lining cost T
««. i Lto of"The r?,.«d flowered sll^ The richest things in Capedom. Jackets ai $9 95, $10 95. $15, $17 50. ■ this cily that's at all decent. Klsewhere Is 45c. . more. \\e can't eat them. We must sell "9 "
now they go to the tune of -'ihe Dead "" ° mem, and this absurd price is named so j
March in Saul." 'Worth three to five — ' ■ "~ ' " — _^^__^-^— ~ \ - they will go aflyine; r\
times the price in the auction-room. .'. -H|l». ,)Sf|^g{Ek. " AVX:' %s>'•■? .»>-V.
IIAH' ftrPIRTMPIVT ,^r^W A I l^^^^f fJ^-^- —^-m.*-m. r*^ -W -m -m*^ S~U S*to ~~W^^ AY a/^\ The People's Store sild themat $3, $4 X
I IAMIV VTA .illl.TlL.ll. ,>^T 1/ [7J f .-/ /^>^/ T^f^\ ff) I 7 #31/ mdfJr JrJS M MS/ andss. *our money backif any one iv Q
iip^TAißc; L-4 v v\W j^aTm m a ,MS S j a J M AJ M w JL jBljM *& m EL J this t>lty will du P Ucate th « m for *s. A
Lad^Capes 75 c. * ' \QC^ LwfrA A O* W Wk?A \J^ ' %/A ktyj * %
Stylish, new, seasonable; People's Store A Ja fl| fe^^F R^^r-%. >*■ / * j^m^ '^^t»»»-^F Go around town from Kearny to Post f\
sold them for $2; so did we. Seal- jilt* <CT /• W&Sr. »r /^-r-fc s~\ t~\ T% <? f^C Uv YT^ /^ VvflL f~A f^f /^ W^W. up to Market street's business end, ac- V
loped edge. Persian embroidery trim- WM^ mF^ ▼ I&I&ljIjftd W •£ A-&mLs Jl ▼ W»w?WA^L^«i quaint yourself with prices, then come JL
minK, ribbon bow and streamers, tan, W^ A Aw%/A -•»' V *~^ t»»~- w hBre and yoU 'n "never go there any V-/
black, blue. '-■ ■ ' .... more." • ' X
eon Point is very rocky. Upon this stretch t
of coast the sea breaks heavily. Rocks lie
of} the beach in dangerous array.
The light is what is known as the first
order. It gives a white flash every ten
seconds and in the night can be seen from
Point Bonita on the North Head. The fog
signal buildings are on the western point
of the cape. The whistles are of the com
mon locomotive type, one of them being a
ten-inch and the other a twelve-inch dome. '
Fogs come up suddenly at Pieeon Point
and during "the winter the whistles will
often be kept going for days at a time. At
such times the Sres are banked in the
boilers when the fog lifts, but ordinarily
they are simply laid ready to light at a
moment's notice. Wood is used at first
and the boilers are so constructed that
steam can be raised in less than forty min
utes. If the foir should come up very sud
denly and vessels are known to be near a
bell is tolled until one of the whistles is I
blown.
Because of the fogs and the treacherous
currents in its vicinity, Pigeon Point has
always been considered a very dangerous I
locality and the cautious marines give it a
wide berth. It is said that since 1894
twenty wrecks have occurred on tne point
or in its immediate vicinity. Most of the
disasters, however, occurred before the
lighthouse was erected, in 1872. The point
takes its name from the clipper ship Car
rier Pigeon, which was lost there in the.
early fifties.
Opposite the same point on December
20, 1887, the, steamer San Vicente was
burned. Eleven of the officers and crew
took to the boats, but in attempting to
make a landing were drowned. The mas
ter and second officer and some of the
men stood by the ship and were rescued.
The Mail Company officials lost no time
in seeking information as to the probable
cause of the disaster. They called upon
several captains of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company, who know the coast, but
they could get very little information.
"No man can tell for twenty-four hours
at a time how the current will set around
Pigeon Point, 1 ' said Captain Alexander of
the Santa Rosa. "It changes with every
wind and tide and in a heavy fog you can t
tell where your ship is going."
.SuianeilU Girt Misting.
PENDLE TON, Ob.. July 14.— C. J. Carl
son and W. W. Robbins returned yester
day from a trip to the North Fork of John
Day River, and reported that a young
daughter of the Postmaster of Suaanville
has Deen missing from home since July 4.
She strr.yed from home and became lost or
was carried away. Two hundred men are
scouring the country trying to find some
clew to the girl's whereabouts. Carlson
and Robbins searched for two days, and
during their tramp over the country met
many others similarly engaged. Fears are
entertained that the girl has been mur
dered.
Sunstroke Victim at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 14— J. C. Clark.
an old and highly esteemed resident of
Winters, died to-day from the result of a
sunstroke received" last Friday. This is
the second death occurring in this county
from sunstroke this summer. The mer
cury has registered as high as 113 degrees
in the shade, but the heat is moderating.
Vagrants Fight at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 14.— 1n a roush
and tumble fight engaged in by a gang ot
hobos near the depot last night, one of
them, Bernard Little, was fatally stabbed
by Edward Morgan. Morgan was arrested
and is now in the County Jail awaiting the
result of Little's injuries.
>ire at Madison.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 14.— Mrs.
H. F. Eddy's dwellings and contents were
totally destroyed by fire at Madison last
night. Loss $1500; insurance $700.
A Morning Fire.
Fire caused about $5000 damages in the rear
of the Maison Francais ou Dupont street early
this inorniug.
. Loans on watches,' Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
THE SITUATION IN CRETE
Christian Delegates Demand the
Exclusion of Turks From
the Assembly.
Non-Combatants, Women and Children
Are Slaughtered by the Sul
tan's Troops.
CANEA, Crete, July 14.— The Christian
delegates in the Cretan assembly, sitting
nere, withdrew from that body yesterday,
stating that they had resolved to formu
late a declaration setting forth their c<aims
and demands, and then unite in a special
assembly from which Turks should be ex
cluded from membership.
The insurgents at Apokorona a day or
two aeo killed the crew of a Turkish bark.
The Turkish troops pursued the insur
gents, and in their pursnit fired upon
everybody they met along the shore, mak
ing no discrimination in favor of women
and children, of whom they killed a great
many. The action of the troops has
caused intense excitement and indigna
,tion, and the foreign Consuls have made a
protest against it to Berov'.tch Georgi
Pasha, the newly appointed Christian
Governor of the island.
RUDINA'S CABINET.
Reconstructed Without Marked Change
, «n It* Personnel.
' ROME, Italy, July 14.— The Marquis di
Rudini has reconstructed the Italian
Ministry by the selection of Viscount Vis
conti-Venosti as - Minister of Foreign
Affairs, Bignor Luzzatti as Minister of the
Treasury, General Pelloux as Minister of
War, Bienor Sinea as Minister of Posts
and' Telegraphs and Signor Prinetti as
Minister of Puolic Works. Otherwise the
personnel of the Cabinet remains as be
fore, the ! Marquis di Rudini retaining the
premiership and ' the Ministry of the In
terior, Admiral Brin the Ministry -of
Marine, Signor Branca the Ministry of
Finance, Stgnor Gnicciaridini the Min
istry of Agriculture, Signor • Costa the
Ministry of Justice and Signor Gianturco
the Ministry of Public Instruction.
Unreliable Correspondents.
COWES, Enq., July 14.— Despite the fact
that certain correspondents have denied
the statement cabled yesterday that Mr.
Ogden of New York had been seriously ill
on board the yacht White Layde, which
has been anchored here, the United Press
learns that the report was correct. He is,
however, rapidly recovering.
End of a Berlin Sensation.
BERLIN, Germany. July 14— Franz
Tenbach, the celebrated artist, has been
granted a divorce, with costs, from his
wife, who was the Countess yon Mcltke,
on the grouuds of her intimacy with Dr.
Sch wen inger, Prince Bismarck's physi
cian.
Hungarian Statesman Murdered.
VIENNA, Austria. July 14. — Count
Stephan Sztaria, a member of the Hunga
rian Diet, wan found murdered at his
chateau.
PUNENCIL DAY AT OMAHA.
Business Suspended and Streets Filled
' With Sad Processions.
OMAHA, Nebr , July 14.— The full force
of the death stroke which fell upon many
Omaha homes Saturday night was not
fully appreciated by strangers until this
morning, when from all parts of the city
funerals wended their solemn way to the
different cemeteries. Never in the history
of the city were there so many funerals in
one day, and while no formal action was
taken except by the Union Pacific Rail
road employes, so impressed were all by
the tragedy that employes of all business
houses and offices were allowed to attend
the funerals. In consequence they were
very large, over 200 hacks and carriages
following one, and the number of friends
attending the others being simply limited
to the number of conveyances which could
be obtained. Churches where the services
were held were invariably draped in black.
TO EXAMINE ARMY OFFICERS.
Aged and Infirm Must Retire in Order to
Provide for Recent West Point
Graduates.
CHICAGO, fob, Jnly 14.— A special
from Washington s»ys: According to an
order issued at the War Department yes
terday, a retiring board will meet at
Chicago, August 10, 1896, for the purpose
examining ten officers of the army with a
view to ascertaining whether they are
capable of performing service. Those who
nave been detailed as members of this
board are: Major-General Wesley Merritt,
Brigadier-General J. R. Brooks, Colonel J.
F. Wade. Fifth Cavalry ; Lies ten ant-Colo
nel W. H. Forwood, deputy sureeon-gen
eral; and Major C. de Witt, surgeon.
At the head of the list of officers who
will be ordered before the board for retire
ment stands Colonel R. E. A. Crofton,
Fifteenth Infantry. An intimation has
been given friends of Colonel Crofton here
that he will resist to the utmost any at
tempt to place him on the retired list at
this time. An impression prevails, how
ever, that even if Colonel Crofton makes
a successful fight against retirement now
wnen he reaches 62 years of age (in De
cember of this year) the President will ex
ercise his prerogative as commander-in
chief of the army and order him upon the
retired list.
Besides Colonel Crofton four other field
officers will be ordered before the Chicago
board— Lieutenant-Colonel J. H. Bradford,
Seventeenth Infantry; Major J. T. Turn
bull, First Artiflery; Major John G. Dar
ling. Fifth Artillery, and Major A. S. B.
Keyes, Third Cavalry. Five officers of
and below the rank of captain wil! also
have to run the gauntlet before this board.
Records of the War Department are be
ing scrutinized with a view to preparing a
list for submission to Secretary Lamont of
officers now on the active list of the army
who have heretofore been recommended
for examination to determine whether
they are physically or otherwise fit to re
main in the" service.
There are fifteen vacancies on the lim
ited retired list of the army, and the Sec
retary of War desires to fill them in order
to provide for a number of additional sec
ond lieutenants recently graduated from
the Military Academy.
VICTORY FOR ARMOUR.
End of a Bitter Fi<iht Against ths Com
pany's Elrvalort.
CHICAGO, 111., July 14.— The long and
bitter fi{:ht which has been waged by the
majority of the members of the Board of
Trade and their representatives on the
board of directors against the great grain
elevator interests on the exchange came
to an end to-day. The fight has been
chiefly directed against the Amour ele
vators, wnicn were declared irregular, and
members of the firm were tried on charges
of violating the rules. The directors held a
special meeting to-day and decided by a
vote Of ten to six to declare the Armour
elevator* regular. The anti-elevator ele
ment is not extinct, but it is in the
minority. _
■ rrnnqed for His Own funeral.
SHELBYVILLE, Inn*., July 14.— Alfred
McCray, a wealthy and aged widower,
went into an undertaking establishment
Saturday last and ordered a coffin and
burial garb. He went to a marbie-cuttex'i
shop and purchased a $1500 monument,
leaving full directions as to the lettering,
Next ne went to the office of the Forest
Hill Cemetery, where be purchased a lot,
and then returned home, went to bed and
died yesterday of what the doctor pro
nounced senility.
AT WASHINGTON'S TOMB.
Christian Endearor>-TM Hola a Song and
Prtiine S'rric* at Mount Vernon.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 14.— The
Christian Endeavor celebration at Wash
ington's tomb to-day drew a great crowd
of visitors, delegates and Washingtonians
to Mount Vernon. President Clark, Sec
retary Baer and a number of trustees of
the Union societies attended.
The great chorus was on hand also, and
a service of song and praise was held be
fore the tomb. Stiort speeches were made
by prominent Christian Endeavo-rers, and
a tree was planted on the grounds to com
memorate the fifteenth annual interna
tional convention of Christian Endeavor
ers.
The excursionists returned early in the
evening to witness the Christian En
deavor parade.
Liner Collides With a Mud Scow.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 14.— The Mal
lory line steamer Colorado, from Bruns
wick, Ga., with twenty-eight passengers
and a general cargo, collided with a loaded
I mud scow this morning while proceeding
j up the main channel in the lower bay,
I and is badly damaged. There was a panic,
but all the passengers were safely taken
off in tugs.
Killed by Falling Buildings.
BOSTON, Mass., July 14.— 8y the col
lapse of two wooden buildings on Bennett
avenue this afternoon an unknown Italian
was killed, a boy named Leveroni was se
riously injured and s.-veral others slightly
hurt. The buildings were boing taken
down by the city to make room for the
North End playground.
Struck by a Train.
BARATOGA. N. V., July 14.— Dr. S. Z.
Gibbs of Fort Ann was killed instantly
! at that place by a Delaware and Hudson
train yesterday. He was 69 years old and
leaves a widow and three children. One
daughter lives in St. Louis, Mo., and a son
is attending the Leland Stanford Uni
versity, Cal.
•
Fall of the Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON. D. C, July 14.— The
treasury sold reserve at the close of busi
n 8« to-day amounted to $98,271,935. The
day's withdrawals were $141,900.
Modern Art Taxidermy.
In the methods now used in taxidermy
the word "stuffing" is a misnomer; the
method employed is called dermoplastic,
and consists in enveloping a skeleton or
framework with tow wrapped and sewed
into a rough approximation of the shape
required with pack-thread or cord, and
coating the whole with clay, afterward to
be modeled into the forms required. Upon
this the skin is stretched and made to
conform in every particular. There is,
therefore, no difference in the require
ments of the best work in sculpture and
taxidermy, except that one is principally
employed in treating the human figure,
and the other exclusively the forms of
animals.
Real Secret of the Bicycle's Popularity.
Now the bicycle has offered to the great
majority of citizens a means of athletic
exercise and open-air enjoyment for which
they need not be specially equipped by
nature. Man and woman, weak and
strong, dwarf and 300-pounder— all sort 3
and conditions of men— can and do learn
to wheel, and with comparatively small
perseverance become as proficient for all
practical purposes as the most handsomely
endowed athlete of them all. This is t-e
true secret of the bicycle's firm hold on
the bicycle, and here is its great value. —
July Scribner's.
NEW SUN CREEK TRAGEDY
Rancher Swearinger Killed by
a Man Whose Life He
Threatened.
Tries to Shoot His Daughter's Lover
and Is Slain by Him in
Self-Defense.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 14.— Full partic
ulars were received to-day of the murder
of Isaac C. Swearinger on tne Fourth of
July by John H. Campbell at New Sun
Creek, Crook County. The murdered man
and his family were separated, he having
taken up his abode on a neighboring
ranch. On the morning of the tragedy, ha
armed himself and went to his wife's
house looking for Campbell, his daugh
ter's sweetheart.
"If he's here I'm going to kill him," he
said to his wife, who met him at the door.
"He's here," was the reply.
Swearinger at once entered the house.
His wife attempteb to take his shotgnn
away from him, and they scuffled through
the house on to the back porch, both re
taining a bold on tne gun. Then Camp
bell, who had been in a bedroom near the
front door, stepped out on to the porch.
When he appeared at the door Campbell
said: "Ike, if you have anything against
me we will settle it now."
According to Mrs. Swearinger's testi
mony Swearinger jerked the gun from her
hands and leveled it at Campbell, who
stood in the doorway. Campbell quickly
drew bis pistol and shot Swearinger, the
ball entering the breast near the right
shoulder, between the first and second
ribs, and coming out four inches lower
and to the left of the spine. John Gibson,
a friend, beard the shot and ran to the
hon^e. At the gate he met Campbell, who
exclaimed, "John, it was a mighty hard
thing to do, but I had to do it to save
myself."
Swearinger was found standing on the
edge of the porch holding to a post for sun
port.
"He shot me down like a dop," he ex
claimed when they approached. He died
within a few minutes.
Campbell is but 22 years old, and he had
heretofore borne a good reputation.
NEW TO-DAT.
Second=hand
Bicycles
AT GREATBARGAINS
These machines have been thoroughly
overhaulea iv our repair department and
are in excellent riding condition.
A FEW 'jfoOLIIBUS!
PLENTY OF OTHERS.
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
34-4- POST STREET.
Park Branch, Riding, Renting & Instructing,
PACE. NEAR STANYAN.
56
CHARLES M. SHOkTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free: *
Daily and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11.... 6.00 .
Dally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cau, three months by mnll 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .60
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11......... 1.60
WKXKI.Y Call, one year, by man..... 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
■« It is no trouble for un to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention. ,
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ....'.....Main— 1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone Matn-IB7i.
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntll
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
isW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 JNlmb street; open until 8 o'clock. -
OAKLAND OFFICE :
S?US Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Kow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent. "
WEDNESDAY .JULY 15, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PBE9IDKM-
WILLIAH McKINLEY, of Obio
rOK TICF-PKKSIDKXT-
GARRET A. EOBART, of Net Jersey
KLKCTION NOYKMBKR S, 1896.
Keep woman's suffrage to the front.
Bryan's oratory doesn't improve on ac
quaintance.
The silence of Grover Cleveland is be
coming painfully audible.
Don't be a laggard in your duties as a
citizen. Get your name on the register at
once.
There is more promise of disturbance
than of prosperity in the Democratic plat
form.
Women as well as men are interested in
prosperity and should have a right to vote
for it.
By the way, was that a "cornfield shake"
Silver Dick got at Chicago or just a plain
shake?
It will not be overlooked that the ini
tials of W. J. Bryan are also the initials of
the wild jay bird.
There is no need for the Eastern Demo*
crats to put up a third ticket. McKinley
vrill save the country.
The election of Bryan would certainly
be dangerous, but fortunately there is no
danger of his election.
Sewall, the bant president, standing on
a platform denouncing banks is one of the
humors of the situation.
The Democratic band wagon will have
to be drawn by colts this year, for all the
wheel horses are kicking.
You are attending to the welfare of your
own business when you are working for
the election of McKinley.
Henry Watterson demands a good Demo
cratic ticket, just as if the politics of this
country could achieve the impossible.
The election of McKinley will restore
confidence and put money into circulation,
while the election of Bryan would mean
another panic.
No intelligent bimetallist will intrust
the remonetization of silver to the man
agement of snch a fly-up-the-creek as the
boy orator of the Piatte.
That stanch Democratic organ, the
Philadelphia Record, says the party is "puz
zlificated," and while that is not the right
word it will do to start with.
Genuine bimetallists will not intrust
their cause to bands of pretty rhetoricians.
It is a business principle and most be left
to the management of business men.
The rapidity with which the Republi
cans of the State are organizing is a good
sign of the earnestness of the rank and
file. Tney mean business and intend to
win.
It was hardly necessary for the United
Press to tell the world that Bryan wears a
light, soft bat. His newly swelled head
cannot bear anything of weight or stabil
ity on it at present.
The Republican party in California has
twice pledged itself to the cause of
woman's suffraee, and in this campaign
merits the support of all who are willing
to do justice to womanhood.
The campaign ought to be a pleasant
walkover for protection and prosperity,
but Republicans can easily make it a
straightforward, hard-lightine knock
down campaign if Democrats insist on it.
The New York Tribune figures it out that
in the Republican ami the Democratic
National Conventions taken together there
were 1140 cold men to 700 silver men and
estimates that is about the way the country
will vote.
Bryan may be a good orator when he
has a chance to deliver a prepared oration,
but his short speeches from the train on
his way home are far below the level of
any ever spoken by any other Presidential
candidate in our history.
One of the bis railways centering in
Chicago is trying the experiment of a tive
cent fare to any point within twenty miles
of the depot in that city. This is the sys
tem which has proven so successful on the
Austrian railways, even when applied on
a larger scale, and may be the beginning
of a general adoption of tbe plan in this
country.
The New York Times in commenting on
the defeat of Senator Hill for temporary
chairman of the Chicago convention said :
"Now that the silver men have giren the
measure of their recklessness, the best out
come of the convention would be the nom
ination of the worst possible candidate by
the roughest methods and on the rottenest
platform." Tne Times should be satisfied,
for the convention did that very thinjr.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
Whatever may be the excitements in
this campaign arising out of the tariff and
the money issues the Republicans of Cali
fornia must not be led by them to forget
or neglect tbe cause of woman's suffrage.
The KepuDlicau party of tbe State has
twice pledged itself to uphold the cause of
womanhood. That double pledge it should
keep this year with the strictest fidelity,
and lend its aid in the campaign to the
noble women who are now so bravely and
ably carrying on the struggle for the
rijrnts of their sex.
It is most appropriate that the party
which is now making a campaign for
American industry and the welfare of the
American home should also make a cam
paign for the women who keep the home.
No class of people are more interested in
wort and wages, in the promotion of pros
perity and in the maintenance of the
American standard of living than are the
women of the country, on whom the bur
dens of the home fall and by whose virtue,
thrift, economy and industry the home is
made the comfort of man and the train
ing-place of the youth of the Republic.
There are a thousand arguments why
women should be allowed to vote and not
one good reason against it. They are cer
tainly as much concerned in tbe welfare of
the Republic as are men, and they are
equally fitted by intelligence to have a
voice in determining the policies which
the Government should pursue to promote
that welfare. Many of them are property
owners, and even of those who have none
in their own names many are Interested in
the property of their husbands. It is as
unfair to deprive them of a vote in electing
the officials who are to tax their property
as it would be to deprive men In the same
position of that right.
It is useless, however, to enter upon
elaborate arguments of the question. It
has been argued enough during the last
twenty- live years. Every intelligent citi
zen now understands the issue as well as
he will ever be able to understand it. The
only thing left to do is to overcome the
inertia of the community and arouse men
to the duty of voting as they think. The
only thing that stands in the way of the
adoption of a constitutional amendment
providing for woman's suffrage is a falsely
called conservatism which makes men hes
itate to venture upon a change of any kind.
The Republican party has always been
the party not merely of progressive ideas,
but of progress in action. In many States
it has fought the battle of woman's rights
and widened the bounds of liberty for
them in every respect. The Republicans
of California cannot afford to lag behind
their party elsewhere. They have put the
cause of woman's suffrage on their ban
ners, and should see to it that it is carried
to victory this fall.
BEGIN THE WORK.
The evil of tbe times is idle money.
While it lies hoarded in vaults industry
languishes, labor is without employment,
enterprise is paralyzed, trade is dull, the
home suffers and every class of citizens
from highest to lowest undergoes the de
pression of nard times aud is compelled to
deprive itself of accustomed comforts in
order to avoid debt, bankruptcy and tbe
threatening probability in some cases of
absolute destitution.
So long as the Democratic party is in a
position to menace every trade and every
industry Dy advocating free trade and re
pudiation, it is hardly right to demand of
private capital that it should undertaKe
the risks and ventures of engaging in new
enterprises. This is all the more reason
why public money available for pnblic
works should be put into circulation dur
ing the summer, so that workingmen can
find employment until the campaign is
over and 'industry revives with Republican
success.
At the present time a large sum of pub
lic money is available for use in San
Francisco. The National Government has
appropriated $2,000,000 for the new Post
office building. The State has set aside
$600,000 for the ferries depot and $250,000
for the buildings of the affiliated colleges.
The City eovernment has $300,000 fora
municipal building. This makes a total
of $3,150,000 for public work, and every
citizen knows the work ehould begin at
once.
It is perhaps too much to expect any
thing from the National Government so
long as the deficit tariff is in operation and
Cleveland is at the head of affairs. About
the only use of ihe appropriation is to
point to San Francisco workiugmen the
result of voting for a free-trade party and
a free-trade candidate. The State and the
mnnicipal money, however, we may hope
to see put into circulation by the imme
diate beginning of the proposed work if
the proper representations are made in
the right quarters. To this end agitation
should be directed at once. Let us get the
money out of the vaults. When it is no
longer idle the number of idle men will be
decreased and there will oe better business
for everybody.
OUR IDLE MONEY.
Mr. McKinley hit the nail on the head
the other day when he told a delegation
from one of the interior towns of Ohio
that "the employment of our idle money—
the idle money that we already haye — in
gainful pursuits will put every idle man
in the country at work." Mr. McKinley
did not intend to be understood as mean
ing that the present volume of gold, silver
and paper is the limit of the country's
monetary requirements now and forever,
but that if the money now in existence
could be got out of its hiding-place and
given employment in the active business
world it would be found to be plenty to
start every idle mill and workshop in the
land.
As is well known, soon after the inaug
uration of Cleveland people began to
draw in their capital. There were fears,
which subsequent events proved to be well
founded, that an alarming shrinkage of
values would follow the policy of the new
administration, and hundreds of millions
of money was retired from business pur
suits and placed in banks and safe deposit
vaults. It is said that never in the history
of tbe country was there as much unem
ployed capital as at this time, or rather
during the last three years. It is as Mr.
McKinley says. If this idle money wonld
come out of its hiding and seek employ
ment in gainful pursuits there would not
be an idle man in the country, except
those who prefer idleness.
While every sensible man will admit
that Mr. McKinley will be elected there is
hesitation on the part of capital to ven
ture out because of the one chance in a
thousand that Altgeldism will prevail at
the Norember election. If all persons
who are opposed to the revolutionary pur
pose of Bryan would take occasion to em
phasize their purpose to work and vote
•gainst that sort of thing no doubt the
millions of money now in idleness would
not wait until McKiniey's election is
officially announced. The importance,
therefore, of a continuous demonstra
tion of disapproval of the Bryan theory
of finance, industry and commerce
is apparent. A sound industrial policy ia
sure to keep capital at work, and tbe
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
country may feel assured that when Mr.
Kinley is President there will be a volume
of money fully equal to all legitimate de
mands, and that one dollar will be as
good as another, whether it be of paper,
silver or gold. Five years ago we had
about the same volume of money as now,
but confidence prevailed and money was
always obtainable. "Five years ago," says
an lowa farmer to the Dcs Moines Regis
ter, "we bad big crops. I sold my oats
then lor from 20 to 25 cents a bushel. Bar
ley brought 55 cents and hogs $4 7">. To
day oats are oeing delivered at 7 cents a
bushel and barley for 12 and 13 cents, while
hogs are worth only $2 75. The situation
is desperate for many. If we only had
the prices of five years ago we would be
not only satisfied but happy. Ob, for the
good old times!"
BRYAN'S "COMMON PEOPLE."
The candidate of the alleged Democratic
party for President, W. J. Bryan, has cut
loose from his moorings to talk to the
"common people," as he puts it. Between
Chicago and Salem, 111., he made several
speeches, or rather he delivered himself of
parts of the one old speech. At Cnam
paign a flatcar had Ueen placed on a side
track and Mr. and Mrs. Bryan were
escorted thither, where she was introduced
to the gathering as "Mr. Bryan's most
excellent wife." Then Mr. Bryan told the
people that before the campaign is over
the discussidn would turn on tue question,
"Is this Nation great enough to legislate
for itself?" No doubt the people won
dered how such a sentiment as the question
implies could be made the subject for dis
cussion, for the impression prevails pretty
generally that our Nation has been able to
do its own law-making for 120 years, and
that there does not appear to be any rea
son why it should not continue to legis
late for itself.
Then Mr. Bryan told his hearers that
every economic question is a great moral
question, and that when it comes to be
settled it can only be done by the great
"common people." He did not say which
classes of the country's population he
wishes to be understood as including in
his select clasa of "common people," but
perhaps be will be more explicit later on,
when every one of the 70,000,000 in this
country shall know exactly where he and
she belongs. He also informed his aud
ience that this is the greatest Nation on
earth, but it would be a reflection upon
the 1000 men, women and children of
Champaign who went out to greet him to
say he informed them of something about
which they were in total ignorance before
he mounted the flatcar.
From the same flatcar Mr. Bryan flung
this deep mystery at his hearers: "The
politicians have tried to settle the money
question; tne people have tried to settle
the money question ; but it will not be set
tled until the people have a chance to ex
press their opinions." This is too deep for
the ordinary mortal to fathom. By the
ordinary course of reasoning one would
come to the conclusion that if tbe politi
cians have failed and tbe people have
failed to settle the money question it can
not be settled; but, on the other hand, he
says when the people have a chance the
question will be settled in a hurry. Per
haps the flatcar had something to do with
tangling his thoughts; but, anyway, if
Mr. Bryan's statesmanship is to be meas
ured by such twaddle the more he travels
about and makes speeches the better it
will be for the country. The people would
then be forewarned, which is the same
thing as being forearmed.
IS SEWALL A CONSPIRATOR?
Mr. Arthur Sewall, the gentleman who
graces the tail end of the Democratic
ticket, is a pronounced contradiction. The
platform upon which he is supposed to be
standing demands that "the power to
issue notes to circulate as money be taken
from the National bants and that all
paper money shall be issued directly by the
Treasury Department." Mr. Sewall i 9 a
National bank president, and as such he is
sworn to guard and protect the stock
holders, as well ay the depositors. The
presumption is that he regards the Na
tional system as about the right thing,
and that in issuing notes a bank cot only
puts its stockholders in the line of making
good profits, but materially benefits the
community in which it is located by in
creasing its volume of circulating medium.
It is reasonable to suppose that the stock
holders of the National bank of which Mr.
Sewall is president had faith in his loyalty
to them and believed he was a friend of
the National bank system when he was
placed at the head of the concern. The
question is then, How is he going to ex
cuse his acceptance of an office on a plat
form that declares his bank to be a mone
tary tyrant and should be wiped out?
As candidate for Vice-President, Mr.
Sewall advertises his bank as an institu
tion that is at war with the principles of
our Government, and a constant threat
against the best interests of the people.
As president of the bank he indorses the
National bank system and gives the lie to
the platform upon which he is running for
the high office of Vice-President of tbe
United States. It woula seem that Mr.
Sewall is either in a conspiracy against
the bank's stockholders or against Bryan
and the new Democratic party outfit. It
is very clear that he is secretly knifing
the one or the other. Prior to his nom
ination Mr. Sewall had the confidence of
his party and of tbe stockholders of his
bank, and no doubt deservedly so, but
what cau be thought of a man who delib
erately assumes the role of an assassin ?
To be honest he should make baste to quit
the bank or quit the party.
Hitherto the National bank system of
the United States has been considered tbe
world over as the safest ana best system
for issuins paper money that could be
devised by man. National bank notes are
secured by the bonds of the Nation, and
in turn the bonds are secured by the
moral sense, business integrity and wealth
of the people. All this Mr. Sewall affirms
as president of a National bank, but as
candidate for Vice-President of the United
States he affirms that the National banks
are organized bands of robbers who live
and grow fat by plundering the public.
It is important that Mr. Sewall should ex
plain himself. The people want to know
whether he is in a conspiracy to break up
the country's banking system or to sell
out the Democratic party. In any event,
he owes it to the stockholders of his bank
to tell them frankly whether or not he is
in a scheme to close the bank's doors.
The Brooklyn Eagle, a Democratic bird,
shout,-' the gold bug scream of defiance in
these words: "Better the West were swept
by Populism and the South raided and
ridden by Republicanism until grass grow
in the streets of her cities and sale was
sown in the capitals of her States than to
have the fact and the fame, . the sin
and the shame, .of free silver and of re
pudiation fastened on the National De
< mocracy by any concurrence of Northern
Democrats/
■v The ■■ treasury deficit , of $26,042,244 ; for
the ; fiscal year just ended is \ one of the
things ;. which Democrats are trying to
dodge while carrying the banner for
Bryan;, .x! . ;
••■:■-■:•-.••■ '
PERSONAL.
C. Ruegg, a Ukiah merchant, hai a room at
the Baldwin.
J . M. Canty of Graygon registered at the Bald
win last night.
Jules Cain, a young traveler from Paris, is
at the Baldwin.
Dr. T. M. Todd, a physician of Auburn, is
staying at the Lick.
Dr. c. H. Bulsen and wife of Stockton are
guests at the Grana.
J. R. Castro of San Jose is making a short
stay at the Baldwin.
W. Marchbank of New Orleans is registered
at the Cosmopolitan.
William W. Adams of Montana is one of the
arrivals at the Palace.
G. Wharton James, a journalist of Pasadena,
is a guest at the Grand.
G. W. Smith, a wealthy miner of Colusa, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan.
N. J. Cornwall, a merchant of Cornwall, Or.,
is at the Rubs with his wife.
M. Reinhart, a merchant of Winnemucca,
Nev., is registered at the Lick.
T. W. Mathes, the Napa merchant, is at the
California for a fow days' visit.
F. A. Lyon, a merchant of Sacramento, is
one of the arrivals at the Baldwin.
W. R. Johnson, a farmer of Stockton, is
among the late arrival* at the Grand.
E. E. R. Tratman of New York Is at the
Palace with Mrs. Tratman of London.
George A. Smith, who has a fruit ranch near
Portland, Or., is visiting at the Grand.
Captain W. H.McMinn of Mission San Jose
arrived at the Lick yesterday for a short v isit.
N. J. Steinhart, a merchant of Stockton, reg
istered at the California yesterday with his
wiie.
George V. Goldstein, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is among those registered at the
Palace.
T. M. Hatch, who is interested in the fruit
business at San Jose, is a late arrival at the
Palace.
Jacob Schram, who makes wine at St. Helena,
is among those that arrived at the California
yesterday.
John R. Manchester and Frank P. Man
chester of Omaha are registered at the
Baldwin.
J. K. Choate, president of a large woolen
mills at Denver, 0010., arrived at the Palace
yesterday.
George T. Myers, who is interested in a sal
mon cannery at Portland, Or., has a room at
the grand.
W. T. Knox, a contractor and lumberman of
Sacramento, is making a visit at the Grand
with Miss Knox.
Frank T. Barnes, city editor of the San Diego
Vidette, arrived from the south last night and
went to the Grand.
Congressman Charles T. Joy of St Louis, Mo.,
was a passenger on last night's overland train.
He is a guest at the Palace.
F. G. Hume, who owns a large prune ranch
at Los Getos, arrived at the Palace yesterday
and registered with his wife.
James A. Louttit, the ex-Congressman, took
apartments at the Lick yesterday with his wife
and registered from Stockton.
J. Slmmes, who has interests in Alaska and
in Washington, is at the Russ with hi* wife.
They are registered from Seattle.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan are: O. O. Cone, 8. Weipert and E. W.
Baker, business men of Portland, Or.
E. T. Earl, who is extensively engaged in tbe
fruit-shipping business at Sacramento, is
among those registered at the Palace.
H. Ward Wright, president of the Union Sav
ings Bank of San Jose and a leading business
man of that city, was in Ban Francisco yester
day.
Among the arrivals yesterday at the Bald
win were Lieutenant John D. McDonald of the
United States navy and Lieutenant C. P. Burt,
a naval officer from Georgia.
C. F. McGlashan of Truckee, lawyer, ex-Jour
nalist, ex-manager of the ice carnival, and a
man high in the offices of the Knights of
Pythias of this State, Is makinjr a brief visit
at the Russ.
George C. Fitsch* of Butte. Mont., is a gueat
at the Baldwin. He says that the silver ques
tion is keeping Montana back somewhat, but
that Butte's copper mines are the great source
of prosperity. There are greater possibilities
undeveloped, he believes, than the very pro
ductive Anaconda copper mine.
T. L. Reed of Reedley, Fresno County, is at
the Grand. The town is named after Mr. Reed,
who owns a good deal of real estate there
abouts. It is a small place, and for some time
has been known to fame as one of the scenes
associated with the mystery of the death oi
"Uncle Billy" Wootton, the little old English
man who lived alone on his ranch in the
neighboring hills and who was never seen
after "Professor" Sanders— now languishing in
the Fresno jail— had with two mythical inves
tors "purchased" the ranch.
Levi Rackliffe, the State Treasurer, stopped
at the Grand yesterday on his way to Bartlett
Springs, whither he was going for recreation.
Mr. Rack'.iffe says that mere is ."£5,000,000 in
the treasury now, a larger sum than has
been there for a long while. There will be
enough money to pay all warrants and have
a good balance, a very different state of affairs
from that ol last year, when the payment of
warrants with the general fund was I
stopped for waut of money. Mr. Rackliffe j
says there is only one way to vote this year,
and that is for Mckinley.
M. P. Stein, who has a lar?e grain warehouse
business at Stockton, arrived at the Baldwin
yesterday. He complains that the transporta
tion companies carrying grain down to Port
Costa and San Francisco are discriminating
against Stockton. The Valley road, h8 says,
has recently published its freight tariff, Ehow
ing that by an arrangement with the water
transportation company grain brought from
points along the railroad may be carried on
to Port Costa or to Ban Francisco for an ad
ditional charge of 50 cents a ton. But the
same transportation company charges CO cents
a ton for grain shipped from Stockton to Port
Costa, though that port is nearer to Stockton
by forty miles than is San Francisco.
Commodore Howison, commander at Mare
Island Navy-yard, has been making the Occi
dental his headquarters during the last few
days while he has been superintending the
preparations aboard the Oregon, on which he
will hoist bis flag this forenoon at 11 o'clock
and read the commanding officer's address,
containing the atereotyped orders from the
Secretary of the Navy. Tbe great battle-ship
will remain here for some time receiving
finishing touches and her complete crew,
which will consist of 437 enlisted men, 30 to
35 officers and 8 naval cadets. So far
the Oregon has no sailing orders and has not
been assigned to any squadron, but there
is ample time for that, as it requires many
weeks to fit up a big 10,000-ton vessel.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., July 14.— J. W. Bacon,
H. B. Bompas and Augustus Love sail oa the
American liner St Tjouis for England. At the
Bartholdi— Mrs. Walker; St. Denis— F. W. Hol
den; Broadway Central— B. Lowenthal ; Cali
fornia— Everett. C. 11. Frind. Mr. and Mrs. W.
L. Dodge left the Plaza to sail for Europe; also
Miss Ruth Clarice.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Mrs. Garfleld's Income is $21, 000-516,000
from the fund raised by Cyrus W. Field and
$5000 from Congreas.
Physically Mr. Austin is the smallest poet
laureate Great Britain has ever had. He is
only a little over four feet tall.
Seven colleges have conferred the degree of
LL.D. on General Francis A. Walker, president
of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The first house built In Southeastern Indiana
and now the oldest house in the State Is still
standing at Oreensburg. It is the log cabin
that wu built by Thomas Hendrlcks, uncle of
the late Vice-President Hendrlcks, in 1811.
It is computed by a statistician of the curi
ous that Queen Victoria's bend, which is said
to be a handsome one, has signed more import
ant state papers and been kissed by more im
portant men than the hand of any other Queen
that ever lived.
Ex-Empress CarlotU of Mexico is 56 years of
•ge and hu been out of her head now for
twenty-nine years. On her birthday, at the
beginning of June, she was visited by her
brother, the King of the Belgians, the Queen
and Princess Clementine.
A fine portrait by Romuey was sold in Lon
don last month for ttie remarkable price of
10,500 guineas. The subject is a group of the
sisters Caroline, Viscountess Clifden, and Lady
Elizabeth Spencer, typifying "Music" and
"Paintipgr." One lady is playing the harp and
the other is making a crayon sketch. The
buyer was Charles Wertneimer.
Francis Joseph of Austria is one of two Eu
ropean sovereigns whose presumptive heirs
are their nephews. The other is the King of
Roumania. The Emperor of Russia and the
King of the Belgians have presumptive heirs
in their brothers. The King of Spain's pre
sumptive heir is his sister, and the Queen ot
the Netherlands her aunt. All other European
sovereigns have sons.
It will be in a "glass coach" that Prlucess
Maud ana her bridegroom will make the wed
ding journey from Marlborougb. House to
Buckingham Palace and back. This will not
only give the crowds of well-wishers a chance
to see some of the royal bridal finery, but
will also delight the hearts oi the snapshot
ters.
The new Shah o£ Persia has announced tnat
henceforth public posts, dignities and military
titles, as wail as decorations, will be granted
solely on the merits of the candidates, that no
money consideration will be allowed weight
in the matter and that he himself will decline
all pecuniary presents.
THE STEERSMAN.
The fore shrouds bar the moonlit scud,
The port rail laps the sea—
Aloft all taut, where tbe wind clouds skim,
Alow to the cutwater snug and trim,
And toe man at the wheel sings low ; sings he—
"Oh, sea room and lee room
And a gale to run afore.
From the Golden Gate to Sunda Strait,
But my heart lies snug ashore."
Her hull rolls high, her nose dips low,
The rollers Hash alee—
Wallow and dip, and the uptossed screw
Sends heart throba quivering through and through.
And the man at the wheel sings low; sings he—
"Oh, sea room and lee room
And a gale to rnn afore,
Kou'eaat by south and a bone in her month, ~
* But my bear: lies suug ashore."
The helmsman's arms are brown and hard,
And pricked In bis forearms be
A ship, an anchor, a love knot true,
A heart of red and an arrow of blue,
And the man &t the wheel sings low; lings he—
"Oh, sea room and lee room
And a gale to run afore,
The ship to her chart, but Jack to his heart—
And my heart lies snug ashore."
Kobkbx Camkbon- Kogkbs in the Bookman.
GIRL'S DRESS, WITH LONG FRENCH
WAIST.
Exquisite little evening gowns may be made
after this model— taffetas, cnalliei, organdies,
mulls and numberless other materials being
employed.
The waist has a semi-fitted lining, over
which the material is Fathered. The skirt is
simply gathered and sewed to tbe waist.
A pink China silk eeeu had frills of white
mull and yellow Valenciennes lace over the
shoulders.
A white taffeta, with blue stripes, had blue
ribbon ruffled around the top of the waisr
with bows on the shoulders of the same ribbon.
This same pattern can be used for day
dresses of wool, silk or cotton, to be worn with
guimpes.
Natural colored linen will be found a very
serviceable material for general house wear
and may be woru with guimpes of white lawn
or of linen to match the dress.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Little Boy (who has been chased out of the
farmyard by a turkey)— All right! Just you
wait till Christmas and I'll knock the stuffing
out of you!— Pick-Me-Up.
"Papa, dear! Is Queen Victoria still living T"
"Certainly, my boy; why ask silly ques
tions?"— Brooklyn Lile.
Circassian Girl— How is the courting coming
on between the ossified man and the trick
wheel woman?
Living Skeleton— Badly. He gave her the
marble heart and she returned him the bicycle
face.— Buffalo Times.
•Are you a Daughter of the Revolution?" he
asked.
"I think I am," she answered, feelingly; "I
ride a wheel."— Detroit Free Press.
"I don't see what good chaperons are I Young
Dareall kissed Kittie Sweet right before her
chaperon!"
"Ah, yes, but he kissed the chaperon first."—
Free Press.
Luxurious — Dickey, they tell me you are
living on the fat of the land at your new board
ing place."
Weefers — Yei, oleomargarine and filled
cheese.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
There are some men who can only be de
scribed in this way : If the wind blows their
fence down, it stays down forever.— Atchison
Globe.
Blobbs— l was at a spiritualistic seance last
night and had a talk with my dead wife.
Blobbs — Weren't you skeptical?
Blobbs — I was at first, but when she asked
me if her halo was on straight I was fully con
vinced. — Philadelphia Record.
The Minister— When you grow up, Johnny,
what wonld you like to be?
Johnny— A preacher.
The Minister— Ah, lam glad to hear you say
that, my little man. Kow tell me why you
think you would like to be a preacher?
Johnny— 'Cause then the folks would always
git out the best things they had in the house
to eat when they seen me comin'.— Cleveland
Leader.
"Mamma, why is the ocean so angry look
ing?"
"Because It has been crossed so often, Wil
lie." — Washington Times.
Druggist (awakened at 2 A. M.)— What d'ye
want?
Customer— lf yon'll let me look in your direc
tory to see how to address this letter I'll bay a
stamp from you.— Pittsburg Chronicle-Tele
graph.
Speaking of hog cholera, Misa Blunt re
marked the other day, as she hong to the
strap, "What a pity it wouldn't break out in
our streetcar*."— Boston Transcript.
It isn't because you said I was curt.
When you shot from your "bike" like a dart
And carted op in all too promiscuous dirt,
Tnat for ever and ever we part.
It Is simply and solely— why secrets disclose?
But, another time, do not have holes in your note.
—Punch.
GREAT NATIONAL UNION.
Federal Employes Throughout the
Country Will Come Together
for Protection.
Dave Supple Will Represent Local
Postal Clerks at the Forthcoming
Denver Convention.
Government employes throughout the
country are making preparations to form
a National organization, to be known as
the United States Civil Service Associa
tion. The object of the proposed union is
to protect men holding Federal positions
under civil service, and to see to it that
they are not removed without cause.
Already many of the larger cities have
local associations, and if the plan as now
outlined is perfected the union promises
to be one of the strongest in America. It
is proposed to hold a convention in New
York in September next. Delegates from
all parts of the country will be present.
The local Federal employes met yester
day to take such, steps as were deemed
necessary to furtner tne formation of the
association. It was decided to send five
representatives to the convention, the
same to be selected later. The first civil
service association was formed in New
Orleans a little over twelve months ago.
Other parts quickly followed the action of
that city, San Francisco falling into line
four months later. In the local union
are included all departments of the cus
toms service, the membership now reach
ing about 250. In New York 2000 men
have joined the association, and in other
parts of the East there are unions varying
in membership from 200 to 500.
The proposed association will in no way
affect the National Order of Postoffice
Clerks. The annual convention of this
last-named institution wili be held in Den
ver during the month of September. The
exact date has not yet been selected. The
local clerks will niase a strong fight to
have the next annual convention meet in
San Francisco. Many of the delegates
have already pledged their support to this
City. Dave Supple, superintendent of
Station D, has been selected to represent
the local union at Denver.
OPPOSE THE CHARTER.
Women's Liberal League States What
It Finds to Criticize in the
Document.
The American Women's Liberal League
has adopted the following resolutions,
which they have submited for publica
tion:
Whereas, The efforts of the American
Women's League have heretofore been given
mainly to emphasizing our disapproval of the
unprogressive, unjust and un-American clause
which would forbid the employment of teach
ers in the primary and grammar classes of our
public schools who had not bpen educated in
the public schools ol this State; and, whereas,
the American Women's Liberal League is an
organization which recognizes no creed in re
ligion and no code in politics, is largely com
posed of ladies who are natives of California,
who have received their education in the pub-
I lie school system ot this State, many of them
being graduates of the High and Normal
schools, the evidence of whose proficiency, effi
ciency and patriotism has been demonstrated
by the creditaole manner in which they have
filled >ositions in the public schools; and,
whereas, a so-called united councils commit
tee of the Women's American Protective Asso
ciation has seen fit to adont resolutions favor
ing the new charter, and especially the clause
j dealinp with the eligibility of teachers to po
sitions in the public schools ; and, whereas, the
phraseology of the said resolutions shows that
the members of the united councils committee
of the W. A. P. A. have never been made familiar
with any curriculum outside the narrow con
fines of the "little red schoolhouse" ; and,
whereas, the principles of the W. A. P. A. show
that the members thereof are saturated with
bigotry, steeped in prejudice and sodden with
ignorance; therefore be it
Resolved, That we congratulate J. 'Kichara
Freud and the Slerchants" Association on the
new and appropriate allies they have received
In their warfare on equal rights; and be it
lurther
Resolved, That we ask the members of the
Merchants' Association if they are with knowl
edge lending themselves and their organiza
tion to the schemes oi a set of women whose
society advocates the principles of the noto
rious Mrs. Slattery.
Sesolved, That we suggest that the members
oi the W. A. P. A. should attend at least one
term of some school where the proper use of
the English language is taught and save the
public from the ridiculous and indecent as
saults on our mother tongue which charac
terized their recent ebullition; and be it lur
ther
Resolved, That the prejudice, narrowness,
bigotry and ignorance displayed by the W. A.
P. A. form the only dangers which menace our
non-sectarian system of education ; and be it
further
Resolved. That we commend to the intelli
gent and discriminating public the conclusive
proof furnished by the W. A. P. A. resolution
to our assertion that the new charter was an
A. P. A. scheme, and be it further
Resolved, That we request the W. A. P. A. to
secure the Rev. B. Hudelson, the Rev. Donald
Ross and other exponents of purity in life and
honesty in politics to dilate upon the benefits
of living under the rule of an A. P. A. charter.
Resolved, That we also condemn in the new
charter the un-American disposition to make
the Mayor an autocrat, by placing in his hands
almost the absolute government of the City,
particularly the power given him to remove
any officer or deputy upon the sworn state
ment of any person in writing (Article IV,
Chap. 1, Sec. 6). This authority is not quali
fied Dy any proviso entitling the accused to
a trial by Civil Service Commissioners or oth
erwise. And we further note that any person
so removed cannot become a candidate for
office.
Resolved, That we object to the provision re
quiring nine of the twelve votes of the Super
visors instead ol a two-thirds vote as hereto
fore to pass an ordinance over the veto of the
Mayor.
Resolved, That we object to the authority
under Article I by which the municipal cor
poration is empowered to sell, convey or mort
gage or dispose of the City's real or personal
property, we submit that this right should
only be given with the same restrictions
which surround its acquisition, namely, by
the approval of the voters at a special meet
ing heid for the purpose and according to the
terms declared by them.
Resolved, That we Delieve that the interests
of the City would be better subserved by
electing Supervisors from their respective
wards rather than at large as provided in the
new charter.
Resolved, That at our next meeting we con
tinue to act upon the suggestion of J. Richard
Freud, made to us in his letter of June 27
and still further delve into this labyrinth of a
charter in order that we may be able to stand
shoulder to shoulder and side by side with
our fathers, husbands, brothers and sons in
maintaining the prerogatives accorded them
by the constitution of these United States
STATE DEVELOPMENT.
Preparing Plan* for a Large Permanent
Exhibit at Chicago.
The San Francisco branch of the State
Development Committee met yesterday
and discussed the preparation of establish
ing a large permanent exhibit of California
products at Chicago. The plans sub
mitted for snch an exhibit were approved.
Wendell Eastern and David Rich were
appointed as delegates to the Merchants'
Association's new charter convention.
The San Francisco branch decided to
subscribe fdOO for 10.0 CO topographical
maps, now being issued by the general
committe«.
The following committees were ap
pointed to canvass the City for the sale of
these maps, each committee to visit per
sonally or send representatives to those of
the class assigned to it:
Banks— David Rich and W. P. Buckingham- !
hotels— M. J. Cole man and AU Bouvier; insur- '<
■ nce -.M? mer « Cr S iß; corporations, States,
etc.— William M. Buulter; Supervisors— X B
Macuire; public bodies— We n^eli Easton and
William M. Bunker; transportation com- 1
D&nies— M. J. Coleman and D. M. Carman- real
estate agents — David Rica and Wendell
Easton.
MEYER ROSENTHAL'S WILL.
He Bequeathed Bloat of HU Property
to Hl* Daugher.
The will of Meyer Rosenthtl, senior
partner of the firm of Rosenthal Bros.
<fc Co., was yesterday filed for probate.
TheteitatoriearesJlOOOto each of «even
brothers and sisters in Germany, $1000 to
the chiWren of a deceased sister, $15,000
and a $10,000 life insurance policy to his
wife. The wife's share of the community
property is, however, deducted from tne
* L The balance of the estate is willed to
Jeanette Ruth Rosenthal, daughter of the
deceased, to be hela in trust, however, by
Isaac L. Rosenthal. brother. of the testa
tor, until the daughter attains the age of
"' The will was made February 3, 1894, and
it is provided that in case /^children
should be born to the testator after that
date they share equally with Jean
ette Ruth Kosentbal in the estate, and
under the same conditions.
The estate is worth probably jw.uuu.
Isaac L. Rosenthal, Daniel Max and
Julius Oppenoeimer are named as execu
tors. _.
STATE BOARD OF TRADE.
Will Exhibit at the Boston Pure-Food
Exposition.
The regular meeting of the California
State Board of Trade was held yesterday
and Manager J. A. Filcher reported that
the Santa Barbara Supervisors had de
cided to send a fine collection of the prod
ucts of the county.
After an informal discussion of the sub
ject of irrigation Mr. Filcher suggested
that the Board of Trade send a small ex
hibit of California's dried and preserved
fruits to the pure-food exposition which
will be held in Boston for six weeks or
two montns beginning October 5. He
called attention to the fact that in this
State there is no concerted effort to intro
duce the excellent products ol orchard and
farm.
He said that a man with a patent con
densed milk or the manufacturer of a
special kind of oatmeal will do more ad
vertising, and increase his business in
consequence, than the whole State of Cali
fornia does with its unlimited resources.
The board decided to leave the entire
matter in the hands of Mr. Filcher for him
to &cc if the project is practical.
SCANDINAVIAN REPUBLICANS.
Permanent Organization Effected and
Committees Appointed Last Night.
The Scandinavian Republican Club met
last night at 33 Eddy street and effected a
permanent organization. The cl .b had
been temporarily organized on July 2,
mainly through the efforts of C. Larsen
and V. Konig. The following officers were
elected last evening:
F. Claussen, president; Alfred Olsen,
vice-president; P. E. Lemar, recording
secretary; John Peterson, treasurer; D-
Magnussen, sergeant-at-arms.
About fifteen new members signed the
roll last night, making a total enrollment
of something over 100 names. O. Olsen,
V. Konig and C. J. Peterson were ap
pointed a committee on constitution and
by-laws and C. B. Johnson, M. Larsen and
T. Thisa were named for tne finance com
mittee. Tbe next meeting will probably
be held two weeks from last night, on the
28th, at the same hall, 33 Eddy street.
♦ — ♦■ — »
To Open a Post Here.
The Volunteers of America, who have already
three posts open iv the State — San Jose, Stock
ton and Fresno — will open their first San Fran
cisco post on Friday, July 17.
Major Blackhurst, who is now in Los Angeles
opening the work there, will present the col
ors and install officers. Staff Captain Gardner,
assisted by Captain Mills, will have charge for
the present, while permanent headquarters
and armory are undergoing extensive altera
tions to meet the requirements of the new or
ganization. Meetings will be held in Mozart
Hall, 1358 Market street, beginning Sund&y
with the opening:, after which there will be
meetings held on Wedesdays, Thursdays, Fri
days and Sundays of each week.
Ballin B Not Guilty.
Frederick Boiling, alias Frederick Bailing,
charged with burglarizing the store of Jeffery
Bros., at 1019 Hayes street, was yesterday ac
quitted in Judge Wallace's court
An Insolvent Butcher.
Andrew Weber, a butcher doing business at
20 Hayes street, has filed a petition in in
solvency. He owes $2059 05 and has no avail
able assets. ,
Califobnia glace fruits, 50c lb. Townaend's.*
Fpfcial information dally to manufacturer*
business houses and public men by tha Proii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
"Awful accident at Jones' yesterday."
"SoT I didn't hear of it."
"Jones hit his thumb with the hammer and
immediately exploded with rage, while his
wife burst into tears."— lndianapolis Journal.
Are lon Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fe
rente— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted ."or the trans
portation of families because of Its palace draw
ing-room and modern upuplstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and iv
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, ilain 1631.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
Swell excursion will leave San Francisco next
Sunday eveninc. Rates cut way down. Every
thing first class; meals in dining-cars. The finest
sight In the world is tbe hot water geysers, found
noplace but in the Yellowstone. Just the place
for your vacation trip. T. K. Btateler, 638 Market
street, San Francisco.
"Mm. Winilow's Soothing Syrttp"
Has been used over 50 years by millions or mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect sau
ces* It soothes the child, softens the gums, allav^
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels art
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arlslnj
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drnj
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and as*
lor airs. inslow's Soothing Syrnp. l!sc « bo;U*
Cobonado.— Atmosphere is. perfectly drr M*"
and mild, being entirely free from the mists eo^
mon further north. Kound-:rlp tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days* board at the Hotaia*:
Coronado, »60: longer stay »2 60 per(Uy. App;f
4 ew Montgomery gt.. SanFraiclseo,
" WonWT be without it for worlds ! ' • was the
emphatic declaration or a lady la reference to
Ay ex's Hair Vigor.
"I say, captain," said a young Englishman
on board an American clipper, "that flag of
yours has not floated in every breeze and over
every sea for a thousand years, has it?"
"No It hasn't, ' replied the captain, "but it
hasllckrid one that has."-Youth's Companion.
wirw to-dat:
TBIG CUT
Fruit Jars
45c PER DOZ. PINTS i
Ssc PER DOZ. QUARTS
75c PER DOZ. HALF GALLONS
3oc PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES
OUT FXt-XOXUS
€rockery,.Cliinaware; and Glassware.
Come and Get Posted .
Great Aioericanlipertiiij Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES*.
1344 Market at. , u6 NJnth 7"*'
3 5 «0 Mission at. a 4 ,g Th£d 2"
£&«- ' seer
Wf «?>" «t.' ■ ;.■ . 3259 Mission*.
«a Market st. (Headquarters). S. P
1053 Washington at. 616 E. Twelfth s,t
131 San Pablo aye. 91 7 Broadway, Oaklutf
/ ; 1355 Park st., AUmeda. ." EDXKSDAY • ■■■•JI'LYIS. 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
rAT.iroBN-iA THEATKB.-"Carmen."
Columbia Thkateb-" The Charity Ball."
Vohosco's. i h:a-lioobk— Side Tracked. 1
Tivon rr»i?A-IToufiK.— "Rlgoletto."
OnriifTM- HJcl:-ClaM Vaudeville.
The EifFomrM.— to-night, by the Em-
porium Orchestra.
«:tbo BATHS-BathiDg and performances.
shoot thk OHiTKs-naii.v at Halght street,
cue block east of the Park.
— — .^ ~
AUCTION JALES.
By S. F\sch— n.is day (Wednesday), Furniture,
at 632 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
MFiui'A-.i>ir.- Thursday, July 16, at 614
Second street, at 10:30 o'clock.
1v viKivn-iin HrcKiiKn 4 Co.^Thursd«v,
July S3 ! A Heal Kstate, at salesroom, 218-220
Mont toniery street.
BY Wiitiah J. DiNOKK-Saturday. July 18,
Oakland r.eal Estate, at salesrooms, 460 and 462
Eight street, Oakland, at 2 o clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Jake Raver has been arrested for a charge
misdemeanor embezzlement.
Ex-President Ezeta's life was threatened
yesterday by Pedro Jimenez.
H E. Trubenbach. the prominent grain
shipper, died suddenly yesterday.
Mrs. Julia Martin and Moses Lyon, the
architect, were married last night.
The Board of Supervisors met as a Board of
Equalization for the first time yesterday.
The Boys' Training Home received it* friends
last evening at the rooms, 407 Taylor street.
The Socialist Labor party's State convention
will be held at 115 Turk street next Sunday.
G. W. White, 72 years old, was found dead
In his room at the Buss House yesterday morn
ing.
W. R. Evans has sued George and Minnie
Theuerkauf for $1500 due on a promissory
note.
The new City Hall Commissioners are trying
to decide on a design for the art glass in the
dome.
Fannie Reynolds has been appointed ad
ministratrix of the $2000 estate of Maria Rey
nolds.
Superintendent of Streets Ashworth sent his
annual statement to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday.
The Repents of the university met yesterday
and discussed means for increasing the reve
nue of the college.
The Scandinavian Republican Club met last
night at 33 Eddy street and effected a perma
nent organization.
The will of Meyer Rosenthal, bequeathing
most of his property to his daughters, was filed
for pro Date yesterday.
There is renetved confidence now that the
Blairmore will be raised, owing to the opera
tions of tbe past few days.
"Denny" Haley, a noted sportsman and ex
empt fireman and a life-long chum of Boss
Buckley, died last Monday.
A broken rail caused the wreck of an engine
and two freight cars at Sixth and Townsend
streets yesterday forenoon.
The weatbar sharps predict fog for this morn
ing and light westerly winds in the afternoon,
increasing toward evening.
The engagement of Dr. Farrell of this City
to Mi^ Greatsinger, daughter of a Duluth rail
road president, is announced.
George Ottson, a native of Denmark, 33
years ot age and a blacksmith by trade, was
sworn in as a policeman yesterday.
Attorney Frank Shay swore out a warrant
yesterday for the arrest of Meyer Livingston,
junk dealer, on the charge of perjury.
The Merchants' Association is striving to
secure a strong representation on the boards
of precinct officers at the next election.
The local French colony celebrated the
one hundred and seventh anniversary of the
fall of the Bastile yesterday at the chutes.
Banat Marane, 444 Jersey street, swore out a
warrant yesterday for the arrest of his partner,
K. A brains, on the charge of embezzlement.
Eugene Doyle, collector for John lvancovich
& Co., has disappeared, and the firm claims
that he Is responsible for a considerable short
age.
Attorney A. E. Ball was arrested yesterday
on complaint of Mrs. J. \V. Farrington, charged
with fraudulently conveying lanas in the
Potrero.
Harbor Commissioner F. S. Chadbourne yes
terday filed a petition in insolvency. He owes
$119,563 90 and has assets valued at about
$17.000.
The Point Lobos Club held an important
business meeting last night, during the course
oi which several protests against street work
were adopted.
Sutton & Co., owners of one of the clipper
lines around the Horn, have made an assign
ment, and their permanent retirement from
the field is probable.
It is l.kely that the California State Board of
Trade will make an exhibit of California dried
and preserved foods at the Pure Food Exposi
tion at Boston this fall.
Government employes throughout the coun
try are making preparations to form a National
organization to be known as the United States
Civil Service Association.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks, Miss Romie Wal
lace and a Mr. Grlmwood were thrown from a
carriage near San Rafael Monday evening, but
luckily none were badly hurt.
John Gibhn, a victim of drink, who beat his
children and sold their schoolbooks for
whisky, was sent to the County Jail for six
months by Judge Conlan yesterday.
Auctioneer John W. Flinn, 312 Sutter street,
•-pterday ordered by Judge Campbell to
return Mr-. Ferry's furnit'.ire to her at once,
which he seized aud carted away on July 2.
The Phoenix Republican Club held a rousing
meeting iast night at Scottish Hall, at which
H. H. Hutton spote of acts of cruelty perpe
trated upon the crews of Arthur Sewall's ships.
At the meeting of the Twenty-ninth District
McKinley Club last evening much enthusiasm
w:'.s manifested at the indorsement by the
club of John D. Spreckels as National Commit
teeman.
The preparations of the bicyclists for their
lantern street parade, to be held on the nieht
of the 25th inst., are progressing, and ell indi
cations point to a novel spectacle and a big
turnout.
At the meeting of the trustees of the Mechan
ics' Institute last evening a committee on
opening exercises of the annual exposition
was appointed, and the contract for music
awarded.
Lieutenant-General Kolokaltzoff, who holds
tne highest position of admirals in the Rus
sian admiralty service, is at the Palace with
his son, a student in the university at St.
Petersburg.
At a regular meeting held by the Retail Shoe
Clerkb' Association last Monday nipht the con
stitution and by-lawe were adopted, aud it was
reM'ilved to hold an entertainment and ball in
tbe near future.
Another 10 per cent assessment on its stock
has been called for by the Valley Road, and at
the next meeting of the directors arrangements
will be mnde for the issuance of $6,000,000
worth of bonds.
A charge of baUery preferred by Robert
Watt against Richard Williams, both colored
men, was dismissed by Jud>.'»-ift>achimsen yes
!< rdny as it was shown Watt had drawn a
n zor upon Williams.
The suit in equity Drought by Loren Coburc
to restrain and enjoin the County of San
MkUo from trespassing on certain premises
was decided by Judge Morrow yesterday in
favor o< the complainant.
_^ NEW TO-PAT.
LADIES
WITH
RED FACES
And oily, greasy complexions, or subject to
rashes, pimples, blackheads, yellow or mothy
skin, will be gratified to learn that the purest,
sweetest, and most ; effective . skin purifier
and beautifier yet compounded is
CUTICURA
SOAP
It is bo because it strikes at the cauM of most ■■
cotnplexional disfigurations, viz.: the Clogged
Irritated, Inflamed, or Overworked PORK.
Suggestion : After cycling, golf, tennis, riding,
or athletics, a bath with Ccticdra Soap is most
soothing, cooling, nnd refreshing, preventing-
chafing, re4n>f>n, and roughness of the skin, sooth- '
iDK inflammation, and when followed by gentle .
aiiointicz h Oi'ticttra (ointment), proves bene-
ficial in relieving tired, lame, or strained muscles.
B^ 8o ' 4 n fhronehont th « world. T Price. Cpticdba. Me.; '
Bo *'- -* : Khsolteut, lOe. «t>d *1. Pottir Deuo
AJcDCHEjd. c "* ~ bole Props.. Bo«Un.
Mr " How to OstaiA a BrUliiat Complexion," free.
NEW HOPES FOR
THE BLAIRMORE
She Is Now Within a Hun
dred Yards of Wat
son's Point.
CALL IT A CERTAINTY.
The Expectation Is That the
" Submerged Vessel Will
Right Herselfc
CAPTAIN JACOBSON'S ESCAPE.
Harbor Commissioners Mcct — A Re
quest From a Japanese for
Special Wharf Rates.
The Blairmore is within 100 yards of
Watson's Point and there is now not a
shadow of a doubt that she will be
raised. At low water almost her entire
decks are bare and in consequence the
divers will have no difficulty in removing
the hatches. The work of taking out the
ballast will begin to-day and at the same
time it is expected that the bodies en
tombed in the hold will be recovered. Once
the ballast is removed and tha ship made
airtight it is thought that she will come
up on an even keel of her own accord.
Captain Jacobson of the schooner
Jennie and Edna had a narrow escape yes
terday. He fell overboard at low water
and stuck in the mud. The water almost
covered his mouth and be was in danger
of strangling when John Olson, chief mate
of the steam shooner Del Norte got a line
over his shoulders and pulled turn out.
The Harbor Commissioners were called
to order by Secretary John Markley of the
State Board of Equalization yesterday.
He wanted to Know why E. R. Swain's
bill for $355 47 had been charged to the
San Francisco improvement fund Instead
of to the San Francisco depot fund. Presi
dent Colnon acknowledged that a mistake
had been made and the warrant was
ordered back for rectification.
J. J. Moore <fr Co. asked for a reduction
in the wharfage charges on the British
ship Sir Robert Fernie. The firm asserts
that the vessel was unnecessarily delayed
in discharging. The Commissioners
thought differently and the application
was denied.
J. S. Kimball & Co. have a small house
on Mission-street wharf, in which they
transact much of their business connected
with their steamers. It is against the rules
and regulations that govern the front to
have a permanent house on any wharf, so
the Chief Wharfinger was instructed to
have the Kimball structure removed.
Hiroyuki Kobayashi, who is here in the
interest of a line of steamers that is to run
between Yokohama and Portland, asked
the board for special rates of wharfage and
port charges. He explained that in the
near future bis boats might touch at San
Francisco. He was told that there was
one uniform rate, and that ell were treated
alike. The rate was given him and also a
map of the City front.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN
Remarkable Ride of a Lady Over
Mount St. Helena Unac
companied.
A Santa Clara C n ty Ordinance For
bidding Drags Behind Wheels.
Reason for the Measure.
At the last meeting of the California
Cycling Club Monday night nine mem
bers of the San Jose Road Club which re
cently disbanded were admitted to mem-*
bership. The list includes the Belloli
brothers, Bailey and Bob McFarland,
O'Bnen and others, and tne Caliiomias
expect another bunch at their next meet
in?.
Miss E. Palmer of Santa Rosa recently
accomplished the feat of riding over
Mount St. Helena on her wheel, some
thing which has never even been at
tempted by a lady cyclist heretofore.
There is but one house on tbe fourteen
mile journey, seven of which are shaded
but uj>hill, while the other seven are un
shaded, over steep, dusty roads, on this
side of the mountain. She was pretty
well exhausted from the trip, as she had
tried to ride as much of the distance on
her wheel as possible. She is very proud
of her feat, and well she may be, as any
one who has been over tbe stage road up
and down the mountain will agree that
for a lady to make tbe trip alone ami on a
wheel is truly remarkable. She says she
felt somewhat nervous all the time, as she
was unaccompanied. Miss Palmer was
given quite a reception at the hands of
her friends when she arrived at Calistoga.
To-morrow night a banquet will b ten
dered to tbe team of five aien from the
Acme Club which won the big twenty-mile
road race last Sunday by the donators of
the trophy. The board of governors of
the associated clubs and the officials who
bad charge of the race have also been in
vited. The banquet will be held at 7
o'clock in the evening at Tortoni's.
All the big clubs will attend the annual
picnic of the associated clubs next Sunday
at San Mateo. The Bay Citys, Olympics,
San Franciscos, Californias and imperials
are goiru in large numbers and a big time
is expect- d.
The Cycle Board of Trade will meet this
evening at the Biclorama, Tenth and
Market streets, to discuss all matters per
taining to the proposed big cycle parade
to be held haturriay evening, July 25. The
captains of all the local bicycle clubs are
mvi ed to attend tbe meeting, and it
should not take much talking to show
them that tlie parade will redound largely
to the benefit of the club and individual
cyclers.
"W. A. Ternll and R. L. Long, the two
crack professional racers of the Bay City
Wheelmen, -ccompatiieii by their trainers,
Artb'jr H. Ternlt and George E. Dix6n,
will go to Sacratn«at3 to-day to commence
training for the big indoor tournament
ther on the evenings of July 23, 24 and
25. Many other local wheelmen will com
pete at hat meet.
The most wonderful performance of the
year is undoubtedly the record made by
Tom Linton, the Englishman who, on
July 7, at the t'atford (England) track,
covered thirty-one miles and live yards in
an hour. When Linton covered thirty
miies in the hour at tbe Seine track in
Puris all the world wondered, but mucii
more cause has it to marvel at the new
figures.
On July 9 the Board of Supervisors of
Santa Clara County passed an ordinance
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
of great interest to wheelmen who use the
hill roads of that county, and if similar
legislation is enacted in other counties it
will do away with a favorite practice of
wheelmen of tying a brush or limb of a
tree to their wheels to be used as a drag in
lieu of a brake. It provides that it shall
be unlawful for any person or persons to
drag over or upon any public highway of
Santa Clara County any bush, limbs of
trees or other articles used as a brake or
drag for retarding speed attached to any
bicycle or any other vehicle or convey
ance. The maximum penalty for ita vio
lation is $50 fine, or imprisonment in tbe
County Jail not to exceed twenty-five
days.
It has been a very general practice
among wheelmen to descend steep grades
by attaching a drag of some sort, but the
drag had a tendency to tear up and de
stroy the road surface and raise large
clouds of dust, ami several bad accidents
have been narrowly averted where teams
became scarei when the cyclist with a
drac attached attempted to pass. During
the last year light bicycle brakes have been
perfected which accomplish the purpose
for which they are designed, and it is
really easier for a wheelman contem
plating a hilly trip to provide liimself
with one of tnese than to cut and attach a
bush or treo limb.
FAIR MUSIC AWARDED.
Mechanics' Institute Tarns Down Fritz
Scheel— Thn Fish Exhibit.
The directors of the Mechanics' lnstitute
met last night at 31 Post street, and chose
music for the coming home products fair.
Fritz Scheel, who conducted orchestras
here for some time iasi year, had made
application to furnish music for the ex
position. The directors considered his
offer, and then rejected it in favor of one
made by Gustav Hinrichs, a musician
now engaged at tne Tivoh.
The character of the fish exhibit was de
termined. There will be three lar^e tanks
filled with different iaterestin;; food fish
displayed by the Fish Commission. A par
ticular feature will be the salmon exhibit,
which will show fish in all stages of de
velopment, from the spawn to maturity.
Deep-sea fish will be shown frozen in blocks
of ice.
Tbe art department will be in charae of
Henry Raschen, and he will endeavor to
obtain as a loan exhibit all tbe old mas
ters in the possession of private persons in
this City and elsewhere in tbe State.
Messrs. Leggett, Hendrix and Heald
were appointed a committee to arrange
for opening exercises, which it is tbe inten
tion to make very unique and attractive.
HE FLED TO HONOLULU,
Eugene Doyle, Collector for a
Commission House, Goes
Wrong.
John lvancovich & Co. Are Out a
Considerable Sum by His
Manipulations.
The members of the firm of John Ivan
covich <fe Co., commission merchants,
doing business on Washington street,
between Davis and Front, are interested
in the movements of Eugene Doyle, who
has for the past seven years been the col
lector for the concern. Doyie went out
last Saturday morning, having ia his pos
session a check for $1,453 17, payable at the
Bank of California, with which be was to
purchase exchanee. He also bad $116 in
coin, with which to pay certain bills, and
he also had a large number of statements of
account which were to be delivered at
business bouses around town.
When Saturday afternoon came around
and Doyle did not return the members of
the firm began to grow anxious. Thore
was a chance that Doyle might have $2000
in cash in his keeping and that some one
had cauB<d foul play. The partners, wiio
are P. L. Vucanovich and G. Beleney, be
gan to make inquiries, but the Bank of
California was closed, and thore was no
way to ascertain whether Doyle had been
there with the check for $1453 17. Stores
were generally closed with whom the
firm had dealings.
The inquiries were pushed, however,
and before night it was ascertained that
Doyle went aboard the steamer Australia,
which sailed Saturday, and that he had
departed on that vessel for Honolulu.
Doyle comes from a good family. His
father formerly lived at Virginia City and
Mr. Vucanovich knew him well at that
place. This in fact led to the young man
» ntering the employment of lvancovich
& Co. Tbe partners found out that
Doyle had not been living lately
with his parents, and other facts were
ascertained which indicated that be had
been spending considerable money in
various ways.
Monday morning the check which Doyle
took out Saturday was found at the post
office addressed to the firm. This did not
reassure his employers. A comparison of
books and accounts led to the discov
ery that Doyie, who was implicitly
trusted, during seven years of continuous
service, had since last May been holding
back a part of the collections made by him
from customers. He made some collec
tions on Saturday last, but just how much
bad not been ascertained last night. Mr.
Vancovich says that probably the shortage
in Doyle's accounts will exceed $1000 and
that it may amount to $2000, bui there is
still much uncertainty concerning the
total.
Tbe probability is that Doyle will con
tinue on from Honolulu to Yokohama or
Hongkong on the next China steamer.
He speaks Chinese fluently and would have
no difficulty in making his way among tbe
Chinese.
The firm has not decided whether to
have Doyle stopped if he should coutinue
on. There would be no difficulty in iden
tifying him. He is about 25 years old, pre
possessing in appearance and manners and
well educated. He has often had as much
as $2000 in gold taken in collections in one
day but up to Saturday not the least sus
picion was entertained concerning his hon
esty. He has no property, so that the firm
will probably have to bear the loss.
Following closely upon this disappear
ance of the collector the news was received
yesterday of the loss of the steamer Co
lumbia by which the firm loses about
$1000.
Burglary Insurance.
A new venture in the insurance line is
insurance apainst loss by burglary. The
company issues three forms of policy, viz. :
residence, mercantile and bank. The fir*t
covers the contents of city and summer
residences, the second the contents of safes
and vaults and the last covers money
bullion and securities in bank vauits. The
rates of premiums are nomiual. bkeil
Donnell <fe Co., 411 California street, are
tbe coast agents.
Bryan Democrats Organ I ze.
The Bryan Democratic Club met last night
at the corner of Beale and Folsom streets and
elecied the following oflicers: President E
Schuck; vice-president. M. Eelily; recording
secreiary, XI. LnnL-; treasurer, Willlaa Nash
sergeant-a'-.-rms, M. Hokri:; c nvas.%ing com
mittee—Richard Bobiuon, John Kearnov
William Nasi,, Hugh Ko.lden, P. F. Donohuc'
Considerable enthusiasm was shown by the
members of the club, who deciare they will
Sued thi> Railroad.
Jacob Hellman, a minor, through his guar
dian, Benjamin Hellman. has sued the Geary
fit rret. Park and Ocean Railroad Company for
$10,200 damages lor injuries sustained by
reasoa of being run over by the cars of the
defendanr. Ihe accident took place on Geary
street, b-tween Devisadero ana Broderick on
May 2G, 1896.
Horrrs School foi Boys, Burlingame. Bixth
year begins Aug. 4. Ira G. Hoitt, Ph.D., Master*
DEER SHOOTING
SEASON OPENS,
The Annual Exodus of
Local Sharpshooters
Has Begun.
GOOD SPORT EXPECTED
The Country and Tamalpais
Clubs WiJl Be Pumping
Lead To-day.
DEER STORIES NOW IN ORDER
How George Sperry Lost a Fine Deer
to Bob Woodward Last
Year.
According to the State law the season
for shooting male deer commences to-day
and will continue until October 15.
Sportsmen should be careful to note the
changes that have been made, if any, by
the Supervisors of the county in which
they propose to hunt before they enter
into the chase.
The Call of last Saturday published a
list of the counties where the State law
has been changed with a view to shorten
ing the season, therefore there can be but
little excuse offered by deer hunters who
may be caught in the act of shooting deer
in counties where the Supervisors have
changed the State law for the better in
terest of tbe game.
Last evening a number of sharpshooters
from the Country Club left this City for
Olema and Point Reyes, from which place
they will take conveyance to the club
house, which is situated in Bear Valley.
Among the party were Billy Kittle, Bob
Woodward, President Hamilton and Mr.
Tallant. The lordly sportsmen are san
guine of having grand sport to-day on the
preserve of tte club, where there are many
well-fed bucks waiting to be grassed by
crack rifle-shooters.
Kittle is an excellent shot and. a first
class equestrian. Woodward, who has an
advantage in reach over Kittle, can see
with ease from tbe saddle all that wili be
transpiring in the bottom of a gulch when
the hounds are giving tongue. Tallaj»t
and Hamilton did fairly well last season,
bat they hope to do much better this year.
According to a rule of the club governing
deer-snooting any member who kills a doe
or fauu must pay a fine of $25 to the treas
urer; therefore great care will be exercised
by the sportsmen when shooting at run
ning came
A good story was related a few evenings
ago, at the Pacific Union Club, by one of
the members, concerning the inaucural
deer shoot of last season. It appears that
one of the several parties which scoured
the hills in quest of deer was composed of
Messrs. Sperry, Woodward, Hamilton,
Tubbs and Kittle.
The latter, so the story goes, spied a
deer about four hundred yards distant
from where the hunting party stood. The
little animal was sneaking alouj the hill
side and going away from the dogs when
Kittle, turning to Sperry, said, "There
goes a fine young buck, and you'll soon
have a chance to try your skill as a marks
man."
The deer stood broadside to the hunters
after it had reached an opening, present
ing a most beautiful target.
Sperry quickly brought up his rifle and
fired. Tue deer jumped into the air shot
through the heart and then fell dead
against an old tree-stump.
"By Jove, that's an excellent shot!" said
Kittle, extending his hand in the mean
time to Sperry as an offer of congratula
tion.
Hamilton, who was standing about ten
yards away from Kittle, was congratu
lating Woodward on the very excellent
shot he had made.
It appears that Sperry and Woodward
aimed and tired at the same instant at the
same deer. Both claimed the prize and
words waxed warm, until Kittle whispered
into Sperry's ear that the anima! shot was
a doe, and then the question, "Who killed
the deer?" was quickly settled.
"Well, Bob, I must "confess that you are
an excellent shot. I thought I could bluff
you into really believing that we both
fired simultaneously and that it was my
trusty rifle that accomplished the trick."
smilingly remarked .-perry, as he walked
up to the haughty Woodward and slapDed
him gently on tbe back.
"Oh, that's all well and £ood, you know,
in its way," . replied Woodward; "but
when I pull on a deer the. jig is up with
the venison every time."
Kittle interrupted^ the discourse by
shouting at a keeper who was on the op
posite side of the gulcu to go and pack up
tbe dead.
Sperry was profuse in his praises to
Woodward for having made such « grand
shot, and as the party were discussing the
distance, the probable weight of the deer
and the tine that is attached to the killing
of a doe, the keeper dashed up on horse
back with a beautiful spiked buck firmly
fastened to the pigskin.
It is hardly necessary to remark that
Sperry was as mad as a batter when he de
tected his mistake. Sufficient to say that
he has many times since then tried bard
to get "even" on Kittle, but Billy has
been always on the watch for a "flowery"
play, and it has been whispered in club
circles recently that Sperry will stretch a
{ink or two to-day in an attempt to equal
ize things before the return of the deer
slayers irom the happy hunting-grounds.
John Bergez, Biiiy Brown, Prank la
Coste, Billy Berg, John Carrigan and H.
Victor, of the Tamalpais Club, took their
departure yesterday for Sausalito, from
which place they will journey to the club
house of their preserve.
Bergez, it is said, is the equal of the
once famous Davy Crocket »« a deer
shooter, and naturally his many friends
in this City are anxiously waiting lor bis
return with big game.
Frank Hofflmgand John Quigly of Hav
wards ore preparing for a big bunt in the
Livermore canyons on the first day ot the
sea-on in Alameda County.
Lloyd Eaton, Charles Dietz, H. Zimmer
and two companions will make a party of
"hot stuff" hunters which will leave this
City to-day for a two weeks' outing in
Mendncino County.
INDORSE SPRECKELS.
Knthuftlasm Manifested at the Action of
the Twenty- '-!»th Assembly District
McKinley Club.
The first regular meeting of the Twenty
ninth Assembly District McKinley Club
was held last evening at 733 Howard
street, and the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: President,
M. Bhaughnessy: first vice-president, J.hn
McNamara; second vice-president, T. Mc-
Manus; third vice-president, William Sav
age"; financial secretary, George W. Kear
ney; recording secretary, J. E. Riordan;
executive committee — Wiiliam P. Doran
(chairman). F. A. Martin, James Galvin,
Henry McLaughlin, Frank Mc.Manus, J.
J. Feeney, T. Barry, W. H. Hughes;
sergeant-at-arms, J. Shaughnessy.
The club has at present a membership
of 231 members.
On motion of J. McNamara, nineteen
vice-presidents were appointed by the
chairman as an enrolling committee to
represent the nineteen precincts in the
Twenty-uinth Assembly District. Speeches
were made by George W. Kearney, M.
Shaunhnessy, J. McNamara, H. McLaugh
hn and others.
When William P. Doran made a motion
indorsing John D. Spreckels, the National
Committeeman, as the club's leader the
audience went wild with enthusiasm.
Cheer after cheer for Spreckels and Me-
Kinl«y were given, after which the meet
ing adjourned.
THE HORSE HAN AWAY,
A San Rafael Accident Which Might
Have Proved Serious.
What might have been a very serious
accident happened on the road at Fairfax,
near San Rafael, on Monday evening.
John J. Crooks, his wife, Miss Komie
Wallace, a daughter of Judge Wallace,
and a young man named Greenwood, were
thrown from a "trap," and although all
were much shaken up none were seriously
hurt. Miss Wallace was at tirst thought
to be injured, but her physician, Dr.
Kosenstirn, reported that she was no more
than bruised.
The accident was caused by the ungov
ernable temper of one of the horses. He
broke from the control of his driver, and
after the team »had run a short distance
the "trap" was overturned and its occu
pants were thrown oui on the road.
Another Silver Club.
A number of free-silver advocates living
near lugleside met at Charles Carlson's hall
last Saturday evening and perfected an or
nization which will be known as the Ingle
side Free-Silver Club. The objects of the club
will be the furtherance of free-silver doctrines,
and giving from time to time debutes on the
subject. The following officers -srere elected :
T. Welsh, president; Luke Ward, vice-presi
dent; C. H. Wilson, secretary, and Charles
Carlson, treasurer. Weekly meetings will be
held at Carlson's hall, the next meeting tak
ing place Saturday evening, July 18.
Mrg. Blinii Will Work.
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn has resolved to
devote her energies to working for the Repub
lican party during the coming campaign. She
recently received an offer to make a campaign
in Indiana, but concluding that there was
plenty of work for her to do in California she
declined it, resolving to pin her colors to the
cause of Republican principles at home.
FAVORS MERRY'S IDEA.
Samuel T. Black Says That
Navigation Can Be
Taught.
Trustees of Chamber of Commerce
Will Work for a Homing
Pigeon Line.
At a meeting of tbe trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday the fol
lowing communication was received from
Samuel T. Black, Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction:
M. Babcock, Superintendent of Common Schools,
San Francisco— My Dear Sir: I have yours of
yesterday's date, inclosing Mr. Merry's letter
of inquiry concerning the establishment and
maintenance of a school to teach navigation.
I am quite snre that it would be perfectly
competent for your board to establish such a
school in connection, either with one of your
high schools or your poly technical schools; or,
such school, if deemed best by your board,
might be maintained as a separate school.
1 call your attention to section 6 of article
IX of the constitution of California, which
states that the poblic school system may in
clude "such technical schools as may be estab
lished by the Legislature, or by municipal or
district authority."
Permit me to express the hope that your
Board of Education will give the suggestion of
Mr. Merry careful consideration. Very re
spectfully, Samuel T. Black,
Superintendent Public Instruction.
This was referred back again to Superin
tendent of Schools Babcock.
Communications were received from the
Oakland Board of Trade and the Mer
chants' Association, indorsing the appeal
of the Chamber of Commerce for the pro
posed Nicaragua canal to be an American
canal and under American control.
A letter was received from Colonel
Georpe W. Bell. United States Consul to
Sydney, Australia, savin p that he would
be in this city on July 30 and desired that
arrangements might be made so that he
could lecture on topics for the benefit of
commerce on the Pacific.
It was decided to Kive Colonel Bell a
hearing on July 31 at the Chamber of
Commerce. —
A communication was read from A.
Carlisle, who desires to secure the in
fluence of the chamber in obtaining co
operation in establishing a permanent
line of communication by means of carrier
pigeons between San Francisco and the
Farallon Islands for the benefit of ship
ping in general and for the Weather
Bureau.
The trustees decided to exert their in
fluence among the shippers to this end.
VICIOUS DOGS MUST GO.
Carriers Will Not Deliver Mail Where
Unfriendly Animals Are
Kept.
Several times durine the past few weeks
carriers have had occasion to complain of
virious dogs along their routes. On two
occasions the gray-coated public ser%atits
have been severely bitten, while others
have only escaped a similar fate Dy virtue
of extra fleetness of fjot.
There is a remedy, however, for snen
evils, and John Mears, superintendent of
the City division, proposes to enforce it.
Section 624 of the Postal Laws and Regu
lations says:
"Carriers are not required to run the risk
of being bitten by vicious dogs in deliver
ing mail matter. Persons keeping such
dogs mast call at the Postotfice for their
maii, or if they wish it delivered at their
houses must render it safe for the carriers
to approach the premises."
The trouble complained of by the car*
riers exists principally north of California
and west of Montgomery streets. No less
than fifteen property-owners have, been
served with a copy of the above regula
tion within tne past ten days, and unless
they comply with its requirements, they
wiif be forced to call at the treneral deliv
ery for their mail.
For Assault to Rob.
W. Harris and C. Edwards, ex-convicts, were
yesterday held in $2000 bonds each to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Joachimsen
on the charge of assault, to rob. On the
night of July 3 they entered a lodging-house
at 1304 Stocklon street and broke into the
ro«'m of S. Marty, one of the servants. Marty
sounded the alarm and the men ran down
stairs. The j.roprietor, Philip Mnsonneve,
met them and detained them until Police .; an
Peshon arrived. Harris wore a mask made out
of cheesecloth and Edwards was armed with a
knife and piece of lead pipe.
forgery at Bak*r*fle'd.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 14.—
Thomas Scott was anest"d to-day for
'orging the name of Postmaster John O.
Miller to a eheok for $10, which he tried to
on Harris & Jacoby. He says he
won the check at a card game last night
% Kern City.
..' NEW TO-DAT.
t Cheapest, - Because • the Best h
I GAILBORDEN f
5 EAGLE BRAND I
t CONDENSED MILK 3
A Rend for' that "littlo'bookV "Infant A
• Health;" great value to mothers." Sent « :
.A :■ .^".N.\Y. J Condensed Milk Co.v A
• N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. v
j 71 Hudson Street, How Tor* £ •.
lll>Mllt«Mlll>BM<l I I I ill I"
ALL DONE BY
A BROKEN RAIL,
Two Freightcars and a
Tender Sent to the
Fuel Heap.
FIREMAN BADLY HURT.
He Was Caught by the Loco
motive and Scalded by
Escaping Steam.
A COSTLY ENGINE CRIPPLED.
There Was a General Wreck of Roll
ing Stock at the Foot of Sixth
Street Yesterday.
A broken rail on the track at the foot of
Sixth street caused a smash-up yesterday
forenoon to engiDe 1016, belonging to the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, by
which Fireman C. E. Smith was badly
scalded about the arms and chest.
The engine was hauling twenty-five cars
out of yard No. 1, preparatory to
making up a freight train for the East,
when the disaster occurred. It bad pulled
out of the yard and was proceeding along
the southern track with the object of get
ting on one of the main lines and then
backing up to connect with other freight
cars on a different line, when suddenly the*
engine jumped the track, dragging with it
the tender.
The momentum of the train bad the
effect of turning tender and engine round
on the same principle as a ship swings to
her anchor, and in doiug so turned the en
gine round until its rear end came in con
tact with the first and second car, thereby
completely demolishing the first one and
crushing in the second, throwing both off
tbe track.
The engineer, H. J*\ Windrick, jumped
from the cab and saved himself injury, but
the fireman was not so fortunate. He was
caught between the engine and tender and
held fast, while the escaping steam played
upon his arms and body.
Assistance, however, soon came, and he
was removed from his perilous position.
Fortunately, the train was moving at a
slow rate of speed ; otherwise there would
have been a general wreck of freight and
cars.
The wrecking engine was soon on the
ground and removed the demolished en
gine from the track, while men with bars
aud sledge-hammers proceeded to break
up the tender, as it was too badly damaged
to be removed a~ a whole. The same ap
plication of destruction was followed out
with the first car. This being empty, the
sides were crushed in, while the end was
driven through another empty car which
was'standing on a spur track close by, de
molishing its side also.
The second car, which was loaded, sank
deep into the black sand, and to remove it
engine 1900, one of the most powerful of
yard monsters, bad to come out, and after
cuffing and snorting for fifteen minutes
finally succeeded in hauling it on to the
track, from where it was taken back to
tbe shed.
A gang of tracklayers were set to work,
and after a few hours' labor everything
was in shape once more for traffic.
The damage was only nominal from a
corporation standpoint, as the engine can
be repaired and a new tender andfreight
cars take the place of those that were
smashed.
» m m
British Benevolent Society.
At the regular meeting of the British Bene
volent Society yesterday afternoon the report
of the board of relief showed that 620 cases
had been attended upon during the past
month, the expenses for the past month being
f 197 95.
The hospital committee reported progress
and asiced for an extension of time.
The secretary reported that there was
$114 80 cash in band in the relief fund.
The treasurer reported $1010 95 on hand In
SEW TO-DAT.'
The prices of Schilling's
Best pure fresh-roasted tea
in San Francisco are:
Pound Half-pound
Japan, 50 cts. 25 cts.
English Breakfast, " 60 cts. . 30 cts.
Oolong, 75 cts. 40 cts.
Ceylon, 80 cts. 40 cts.
Ideal Blend, $1 25. 65 cts.
Sold only in packages.
Brew the tea— -several
times — according to direc- .
tions in the package.
Do / judge Schillings
Best by one brewing. Use
as much of it as you like—
the whole package if nec-
essary — then, if you : can
honestly say that you don't
like it, go back to your
grocer with what you , have
left; or the empty package,
and say "I want my money
back." ■' ; V S
We believe you. You
shall have it —at your
grocer's.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco " 829 ,
#ARNYSS
;■;
18 : THE , VERY BK.ST ONE •TO JEXAMINB
X your eyes »nd fit tnenj to I Spectacle* and Ey».
; classes with i instruments of hi* own •■ Invention,
■ whOMSuperiority has not been , equaled. - iir MM*
: Cessnas been due to the merit* or my war*,
. Office .Hours — la to 4r. v, - -• .
NfcW .WESTERN rf.OTEL.
X SABOT AND WASHINGTON ST3.—
: modeled and renovated. KINO. WAItD A CO.
j i European plan. : Rooms 60c to ■$1 60 per day, 91
, ' to $8 per week, ■■ $3 to S3O per montn; . tree Dacha;
I hot and cold water every room; lire grates ia
i every room: elevator runs aUntgul.
KEW TO-DAT.
I 8100 d... ji
Bubbles. |
<;< ;»
jii Those pimples or blotches dj
< that disfigure your skin, are 8
| blood bubbles. They mark (j
< the unhealthy condition of the >]i
]t) blood-current that throws them (i '
<j) up. You must get down to h
1 1) the blood, before you can be <t\
<j| rid of them. Local treatment ;J»
,»> is useless. It suppresses, but j\
]!> does not heal. The best rem-
5) edy for eruptions, scrofula, i
v sores, and all blood diseases, is ?
I Ayer's
!; Sarsaparilla. I
the treasury. ; Ihere were eight new candi
dates elected to membership.
• ♦ — «
SOCIALIST LABOR PARTY.
Its State Convention Will Be Held on
Next Sunday.
Liberty Branch of the Socialist Labor
party will hold a mass-meeting this even
ing at the Turk-street Temple. The speaker
of the evening will be George Aspden.
Professor H. H. Powers of Leland Stan
ford Jr. University will lecture under the
same auspices on Wednesday, July 22, on
the "Nature and Limits of Socialism."
The State executive committee of the
Socialist Labor party met Monday even
ing in the TurK-street Temple. The com
mittee completed ail necessary arrange
ments for the Socialist State convention,
which will he held on Sunday, July 19.
The convention will be called to order
at 9 a. m. at 115 Turk street by the State
organizer of the Socialist Labor party. It
was decided at last night's meeting to rec
ommend to the nominating convention
that meets on Sunday next tbe selection
of State officers, as well as Presidential
electors, leaving tne selection of local can
didates to the various county conventions
that may be held later on. Committees
were selected to arrange for the comfort and
convenience of the visiting delegates, and
the matter of uniting with the local
branches in a joint ratification of the So
cialist Presidential and State candidates
after the State convention concludes its
labors of selecting a State ticket was dis
cussed.
Sylvester Secures Bail
Associate Justice Stephen J. Field issued an
order yesterday admitting James Sylvester to
bail in the snm of $5000 pending the hearing
of a writ of error Dy the United States Su
preme Court. Sylvester is from Siskiyou
County and was convicted in Judge Morrow's
court of counterfeiting. He was sentenced to
ten years' fiard labor at San Qucntin.
■ ■
KE"WTO-1> AY— AMUSEMENTS.
"TfQ^/^Yfi^Sl * props*
rXDOBSED BY THE CRITICS!
A GREAT PLAY'
A PERFECT FJCTURK!
Curtain Rises Promptly at 8.
FRUTK WARUE, THE
ROSE CUGHIAJJ SPECTACULAR
AXD DRAMATIC
Im It. STOCKWELjL'S PRODUCTION
PLAYERS. OF
O^k.lT.3Vr333Vr
POPULAR 1 RICES:
NEXT MONDAY^ MADAME \
rm£DLAM)tR.GOrru>D« <?• UMt3AnorunA»tiu--
THE ~1 A
REVIVAL I . MARVEL
y ■ In Point of Attendance.
"THE CHARITY BALL"
As Presented so Beautifully by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Is Again Packing the House.
' Monday Next— "The Two Escutcheons" and
Miss Marine Elliott's "Farewell."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mks. MiMihiixt ICbkwxb, Proprietor & M.*iM.ga:
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hinbichs.
TO-NIGHT.
Also Friday and Sunday Evenings,
Verdi's Celebrated Lyric Drums
1 ' R-IC3-01-iH3TTO. ' »
NATALI, KUSHKLLs CJASATI, MICHELENA.
DE VBIES. ABUAMOPF, KARL,
PACHE, Etc.
Thursday and Saturday Evenings, :-.;•
Gounod's Tragic Opera
1 'ROMEO AND JULiIBT."
BERTIXI HUMPHREYS, MICHELENA,
RAI'FAEL, KARL, PACHE, RUSSKLL.
CASATI. TOOKER, XArOELEONI, Etc.
SPECIAL SCENERY. CORRKCT COSTUMES.
.NEXT WEEK
"Mignon." "Pagliaccl." "Martha."
Hopular Pric -.— and sOc.
•; MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSOO. Sola Lessee and Managa:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Last Week of the Distinguished Comedian,
; — — JULE WALTERS
In His Oreat Comedy-Drama,
"SIDE TRACKED
A Veritable Feast of Fun.
Evening Prices— 2sc and 50c.
.-■ Family Circle and Gallery, 10c. - ,
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday;
O'Farrell Street, Between Stocfcton and PowfU. ,
Week Commencing Monday. July 13.
Matinee 'I'o-liay (Wednesday), July 15.
Parquet, any scat, 25c; Balcony, any seal, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
MR. JOHN MASON and
MARION MANOLA MASON,
LKB DONATES. -
PROI\ FRED BIAC ART'S DOG,
MONKEY AND BABOON CIRCUS.
Last Week of the ROSSO W BROS.
29 Great ; Vaudeville , Stars 39,
THE CHUTES,
CASINO!
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth I
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
" ENTIRE CHANGE OF BILL!
For the First Times, - ;
CAPT. BEACH, th« -Man Fish, ' who Eat«
Drinks, Smokes and sleeps Under Water,
And MISS VIOLA SHELDON, Soprano. .,
Continued Success of
ARAGON, Queen of Wire Walkers, and the -
* _-'- MARLO-DUNHAM FAMILY.
Concerts at and 8 P.M. by the RUSSIAN
" OURT ORCHESTRA.
ADM'S^ION 1O CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Round Ride, 5 cents.
Jitfto Safe
OPEN DAILY FROM 7A. M. TO 1 1 P. M.
Grand Concert Every Afternoon and
: Eve ling by the Gauloise Band.
NEW • SPECIALTIES : EVERY; WEEK!
GENERAL ADMISSION— '
Adults/ IQc — Children.
BIDS
1 k)o
ML jta^
WILL BE RECEIVED AT THE OFFICE OP
' the Registrar of Voters on MONDAY, July
20, 1896, M 10 a. m.. for Stationery, etc.
' s For particulars apply at this office. *
W. M. HINTON, AacUtraz.
78
MRS. HASKINS
TELLS HER STORY.
She Saw James G. Fair
Write the Pencil
Will.
ALSO SAW TWO DEEDS.
Senator Fair Once Kissed Mrs.
Craven Lovingly in Her
Presence.
WAS GOING TO FOOL THEM.
So Said S:nator Fair in Regard to
the Lawyers Wno Drew the
Earlier Will.
Mrs. Elizabeth Haskins told the story,
bo far as she knew it, of the making of the
pencil will of September 24 by James G.
Fair in the presence of Mrs. Craven and,
for a part of the time, in her own presence.
She also told how James G. Fair in her
presence took from his pocKet two papers
purporting to be deeds for the Sansome
nncl Mission street properties and handed
them to Mrs. Craven.
The story was that published some
weeks ago in The Call, being then the
report of an interview with Mrs. Haskins.
What details were brought out in addition
to that story were mainly the result of the
cross-examination. They all went to
strengthen her story.
For instance, she admitted having seen
Mr. Fair visit Mrs. Craven mauy times;
that lie evinced great fondness for her,
and that once she saw him kiss her.
Using asted if. when Senator Fair was
making the pencil will, he paid anything
ahout the will that he had made only
tliree days before, the witness said he did ;
ilia: lie declared that he would "fool
them," referring to the lawyers who had
rua!e out the previous will.
Mrs. Haskins is what lawyers term a
"pood witness." She answered all ques
tions frankly and promptly, both under
direct and cross-examination. She seemed
to have no reservations, and only declined
to answer when the cross-examiners began
to entrench upon her own private affairs,
and Mr. Detmas, distinctly stating that he
was counsel not for Mrs. Has Kins, but for
the persons making this inquiry, advised
her not to answer them.
She was on tbe stand all day, from 10
o'clock in the morning until 5 in the even
ing, ami when it was proposed to adjourn
over for tue day, the attorneys showing
signs ot weariness, she created a laugh by
declaring that she felt quite well and would
prefer to go on and get through.
Only a sprinkling of tbe big array of law
yers interested in tue Fair litigation was
it. There was Mr. Deimas and Judge
de Haven and Lansing Mizner, and for a
little while Samuel M. Shortridge — all lor
the pencil will.
For the oin>osition there were Garret
McEnerney, R. B. Mitchell and Charles J.
Heggerty.
Beside Mrs. Haskins, an interested lis
tener all day, sat Mrs. Craven's pretty
daughter, Margaret.
Notary Milton S. Latham administered
the oath to Mr?. Haskins, and the deposi
tion was taken down by Court Stenog
rapher George F. Smith as, in response To
questions Dy Mr. Delmas, she told it off.
She was asked as to all the circumstances of
that 24th of September.
She said she was not feeline well that
day and went out to call upon Mrs. Craven,
going lii si to the school, learning that
Mrs. Cra»-en was not well and not at
school. From there she went to her dress
maker's, on California street, to pay a bill,
and from there to Mrs. Craven's house, at
2007 California street. She was ushered
into Mrs. Craven s room, where she found
James G. Fair seated at a table and en
.in writing. She descrioed the fur
niture in the room which Mrs. Craven
called "the studio" — a large table, an easy
chair, a lounge and a sofa.
•Where was Senator Fair seated ?" asked
Mr. Delmas.
"At the table, writing."
"What was said when you entered, if
anything?' 1
"I didnot wish to intrude and begged to
be excused, but Senator Fair asKed me to
come in and be seated. Mrs. Craven came
forward and spoke to me. I went in and
took a seat back of Senator Fair. 1 '
"Had you often seen Senator Fair at
Mrs. Craven's?"
•I had not visited her often."
"Did you know Senator Fair person
ally?'
"I knew him some thirty-two years before
I knew -Mrs. Craven. My husband gave me
an introduction to him on Montgomery
street."
"Couid you see what material Senator
Fair was writing with?"
"He was writing with a lead pencil on a
pad be had. He wrote for some time. I
left the room several times while he was
so engaged."
"Did you hear any conversation between
Mrs. Craven and Senator Fair?"
"He asked her how to spell either the
word 'asylum' or 'orphan,' I do not re
member which it was. She told him to
remember the teacher's cause or clause, I
am not sure which was the word."
"Did you hear any other remarks while
you were there?"
"I asked to be excused and Senator Fair
asked me to remain. He said it was
warmer there and better for me."
"When Senator Fair completed the
writing what did he do?"
"He read it aloud and then handed it to
Mrs. Craven and asked her how she liked
it. She said it was OK. That was the
word she used, I think.'
"What kind of paper was it he wrote
upon?"
"A pad."
"I'd you Know what kind of instrument
it was Seiator Fair was writing?"
"I suspected from her asking him to re
mom bd the teachers' clause."
"You suspected that it was a will
then?"
"Yes."
"You knew it was a will when you heard
it read aloud?"
"(>rtainly."
'What else was said?"
"Mrs. Craven said, 'This is not legal,
being written in pencil.' He said, 'Very
well then, I will write it in ink. 1 "
"Did be do so?"
'Yes."
"Did you remain in the room?"
■ N<>; I went away before he had com
pleted the coj>v. "
"Did you make any remark during the
writing?"
"Yes, I ventured to remark, 'Senator
Fair, you have not remembered Mrs.
Craven in your will.' "
"He answered, 'I have remembered or
provided for her in some other way,' I
i-an't recall whether he said 'remem
bered' or 'provided. He rose upand too*
fr, in hi- pocket and handed to her two pa
- ; •. Hire are your deeds for the
erty on Mission anil Sansome streets.'
1 Ue papers were folded as deeds usually
lire '
"How fur had Senator Fair progressed
in copying the document in ins when you
loft th« room?"
"1 <lnl boI DOtiOft. I did not leave the
house. 1 went into an adjoining room. I
Mrs. Elizabeth Haskins Making Her Deposition in the Matter of the Fair Will Before Notary
Latham in John E. Richards' Office Yesterday Afternoon.
remained at the house until 8 o'clock that
evening."
"Gould you say how far he had pro
gressed in the writing of the will when
you entered the room?"
"I conld not."
"I will ask you, madam, if you have
ever seen the pencil will that is offered for
probate in court dated September 24, 1894,
and which is offered as the last will and
testament of Senator Fair?"
•Yes, s'r."
"Have you ever seen it since it was
offered for probate?"
"No. sir."
"That is the will that you saw Senator
Fair write?"
"Yes, sir."
A photograph of the will was shown the
witness and she identified it as a correct
copy of the document she had seen Sen
ator Fair write.
Photographed copies of the deeds were
shown and the notary properly marked
! them aa being offered as exhibits.
As it was deemed necessary that the
orieinal pencil will be identified, and the
will being at the County Clerk's office, the
whole party, lawyers and witness, were
compelled to go there for the purpose. Ar-
I rived there the will was secured and pre- |
! senied to Mrs. Haskins. She read it
through carefully and then declared it to
be the pencil will which she had seen Sen
ator Fair write in Mrs. Craven's house on
the 24fh of September, 1894. The docu
ment was then compared with the photo
graph and Mrs. Haskins pronounced the
latter a correct copy.
This ended the direct examination by
Mr. Denias.
Mr. Miichell asked tha witness a few
questions. In answer she said she had
read the will at the time it was drawn,
! but after Senator Fair's departure from
} the house she asked the privilege from
j Mrs. Craven, who granted it.
"How do you identify the document i
now? "
"By its contents and its writing, aud by j
I the fact that a small slip of paper was |
torn from the corner of It. I remember
searching the house for it and finding it
Jong afterward. You remember, Mr. Heg
gerty; you were there at the time."
Mr. Hopgerty smiled, but said nothing.
An adjournment was taken until 2 r. m.
At that hour the little company reas
sembled in Mr. Richards' office and Mr.
Mitchell began the cros^-examination.
which continued until 5 o'clock. It began
i with the birth of the witness at Provi
j dence, R. 1., followed her life to her mar-
I riage with James H. Haskins and subse
j quent acquaintance ten or eleven years
j atro with Mrs. Craven, wbich latter came
I about by Mr. and Mrs. Craven taking a
j room at her house for a few weeks. That
I was in 1*74. They came and brought
• Baby Margaret along, then six weeks old.
The acquaintance then began continued i
j to the present.
Mrs. Craven never cared to live in the
j witness' house until after the pencil will
I was drawn; they had never in all the
; time entered into confidential relations;
they did not make confidences to each
other.
She then went ali over the proceedings
of the 24th of Sentember, 1* »4.
Mrs. Haskins had seen Mr. Fair a num
ber of times with Mrs. Craven at the Cali- i
fornia Hotel, where the latter lived then,
and at the Occidental Hotel. She was
with Mrs. Craven once on Montgomery
street, when she saw Fair on the opposite
corner. He beckoned to Mrs. Craven to
cross over, but sue waved her hand to him
j and went on. She thought this was after
her own husband's death and the date of
the pencil will, but was not sure. After
| ward she thought it was in December.
Mitchell asked her with regard to this
! meeting if she did not say to Mrs. Craven,
"Didn't I tell you he was" fooling you?"
Witness answered "No."'
Mitchell asked witness what Mr. Fair
was accustomed to call Mrs. Craven. Mrs.
Haskins said she never heard him call her
anything but Nettie.
"Did he never call her 'Mrs. Fair' in
your presence?"
"No, sir."
"Not by any endearing term, such as
'my dear wife?'
''No, sir."
The story of the writing of the will was
gone over in detail again, witness statinc
that after completing the document in
pencil and Mrs Craven's suggesting that
it was not legal, he had called for a glass
of whisky, which Mrs. Craven furnished
him, and he began to copy the document
in ink, placing the pencil will before him
on the table, held up by a book. Senator
Fair, the witness stated, left the house at
4 o'clock, the will being thrown carelessly '
on the table. She asked Mrs. Craven if
she micht not read it. Mrs. Craven said,
"Ye<>, certainly," and she thereupon read
the document through.
"Did you know at that time that Mr. j
Fair and Mrs. Craven sustained the rela- !
tionship of husband and wife to each j
other?"
"No, sir, I did not. She never men
i tioned it to me. I never knew of it until I
I heard of it in court. I saw some mention j
j of the matter in the newspapers and spoke i
! to Mrs. Craven about it, but she only I
I laughed it off."
Mitchell then asked the witness to state
I all the times that Mrs. Craven had met
Mr. Fair in her (Mrs. Haskins') presence, j
She named over the occasions at the i
! California Hotel, the Occidental Hotel, |
the meeting on Montgomery street and j
once when Mr. Haskins and herself
[took dinner with Mrs. Craven and Mr.
i Fair at Mrs. Craven's Sutter-street home.
"Did Mr. Fair upon any of these occa
i sions show any signs of affection for Mrs.
Craven?"
"Yes, sir; be seemed very fond of her."
"Did yon at any time see him kiss her?"
i The witness hesitated and seemed re
: luctant to answer. "Go on," said Mr.
I Mitchell; "do not be afraid."
"Yes. ?ir," said the witness; "I saw him
; kiss her."
Mr. Mitchell himself blushed and Me-
Eueiney. smiling, dropped his bead and
i began to draw pictures on a piece of paper
I before him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTETCTESDAT, «TTTLY 15, 1336.
"Pleasa tell us about it— when and
where?"
•'it was at the Sutter-street house on
the occasion of our supper together. We
were there wl en Mr. Fair called. Mrs.
(.raven went to meet him, and he kissed
her affectionately."
"Did this cause any comment?"
"Yes; I spoke about it to Mrs. Craven
myself. She said th:U Mr. Fair was an old
friend of hers and had done much for her
in hf-r school work."
"Well, how long a period of time did
the kissing cover?"
"It was just as he met her at tbe door."
"During all these years Mrs. Craven
never hinted to you her relationship to
Mr. Fair?"
"No, sir; I don't think she ever made a
confidante of me, nor I of her."
"Mrs. Craven was at your house when
Mr. Fair died?"
"Yes, sir."
"Did you inform her of the death?"
"No, sir; she was very sick, and we
could not talk to her."
"On the day of the funeral, how was
she?"
"She was very sick, and had been for
over two weeks. I would have gone to
the funeral myself but for that fact. We
did not talk over the matter of the death
at all."
"Who took the meals ud to Mrs. Craven
during her illness?"
"I can't say that she had any. She was
too ill, and had no appetite."
"I>i ; you at any tiiue ask her what had
become of the pencil will? "
"No, sir; 1 never discussed the matter
with her."
"Mrs. Craven left for the East to bring
this will out here in February, 1895, did
she not?"
"I do not remember the dato."
"She told you she was going for the
will?"
"No, sir; but I understood so from the
conversation that I heard."
The witness stated that she bought the
ticket for Mrs. Craven. She knew that
she was to travel under the name of Cam
eron. The name had been suggested by
Reuben Lioyd. Upon the return of Mrs. '
Craven the lawyers had eathered at her i
house to interview her. Mrs. Haskins re
lated how she ha-1 recovered the slip of
paper torn out of the will to the great joy
of Reuben Lioyd aud a half dozen of the
other lawyers.
Mr. Mitchell asked the witness if she
ever carried a pistol and had ever at- i
tempted to shoot Mrs. Craven. To both !
of these questions the witness returned a '
negative reply. She declared that Mrs.
Craven and herseif had never had a
falling out in any way.
"Now," said Mr. Mitchell, "at the time
Mr. Fair wrote this pencil will, did you |
hear him maKe any reference to the will
which he had made only a few days
before?"
"Yes, sir, I believe there was some
reference to it. He said be was •eoing to
fool them,' or something like that."
"Did he make any reference to the law
yers?"
"Yes, he said he was going to fool
them."
'•Did he make any erasions in the pencil
whl?"
"I don't know."
"Was there any mention of the names
of the executors?"
"I believe that something was said about
the doctor being a good man."
The witness was questioned with regard i
to a gift of land which was said he in- i
tended to make to Margaret Craven.
Mr. Delmas objected on the ground that j
this was the witness' private business, but ;
afterward tbe witness was allowed to ex- |
plain. She said that she was expecting a
larce inheritance in England, upon re
ceipt of which she had intended purchas
ing some Market-street property to tho
; value of $100,000, which she intended to
! cive to Margaret Craven. Nothing had
j come of it, however.
This was offered as showing the interest
that Mrs. Haskins felt in the parties to the
proceeding.
Several questions were asked along these
lines that Mr. Delmas objected to. The
notary was called upon to put the ques
tions and certify them to tbe court.
The matter was then adjourned until
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Miss Margaret Craven sat beside the wit
ness during the entire day, the latter fre
quently referring to her in the matter of
names and dates. The young lady was in j
a cheerful mood, and reported that her i
mother was somewhat better, being able
to be out of bed.
A Peculiar Will
The will of Caroline Tabor, who left an es
tate valued at $7500, has been filed for pro
' bate. Jesse T. Tate is named aa executor.
There is a peculiar clause in the will. After
I bequeathing $100 to Bertha Johnson, the
I testator says:
"The residue of my property I leave to my
daughter, Caroline Eramons, but whom 1 be
! lieve to be married and whose name I do not
j know. The last time I heard from her she re
-1 sided in Boston, Mass.
Suit for Damages.
Margaret Henderson has sued Ferris &
Davidson, contractors, for $15,000 damages
for injuries sustained by reason of being
struck by flying rock thrown into the air dur
ing the blasting operations of defendants on
Kivoli avenue in February, 1895.
Registration Kushing.
Yenterday's registration at the City Hall
amounted to 2798, making a total up to date
of 21,352. In tne evening 750 registered,
breaking all previous records for evening
registration.
Sheriff Dry-Goods Sal«.
This day the following goods will be placed
on sale at Jas. M. Moran & Co.'s, 1009-1015
Market street, near Sixth, between Sixth and
Seventh streets, at less than half the prices
quoted on inventory. $2 pray, white and red
lamb's wool underwear at 87 ! wc; 25c gents'
initial handkerchiefs, 10c; $150 ladles' sil*
bo»«, sOc; 25c gents' neckwear, 10c; and
mauy ciher attraction* too numerous to men
tion. •
SPECIAL TEACHERS
BADLY SCARED,
Fear They May Lose Their
Lucrative Posi
tions.
SCKOOL FUNDS ARE LOW
Consequently Directors Have De
cided to Econo
mize.
THE AX MAY FALL VERY SOON
Superintendent Babcock Advises the
Opening of Three New Even
ing Schools.
There are some thirty special teachers
altogether on the payroll of the San Fran
cisco School Department. They are now
enjoying their vacation and may be
: alarmed to learn that, at the opening of
. the term next month, their number may
ibe considerably reduced. Who of the
thirty, if any, will be dropped from the
roll is as yet undecided, and there is a
widespread feeling of anxiety. .
"It is this way," said Director C. A.
Murdock. "If the Board of Supervisors
I does not allow us J 1,200, 000 for the ex
t penses of our department for the ensuing
j year we shall be short and compelled to
! economize in some direction. It was
j thought better, in ibis state of affairs, to
j do away with some of the special teachers
than to meddle with the salaries of the
regular teachers, wuich are sufficiently
low now."
The salaries of the special teachers
amount to about $2500 a month. Ten are
employed in the Polytechnic High School
in teaching drawing, penmanship, type
writine, stenography, etc. Following is
a list ot their names with the salaries they
receive :
Mrs. K. P. Bradley, $140; Miss M. G. Salcida,
$100: Miss K. C. "Fay, $80: Miss M. L. Rich
ards, $75: Miss M. Z. Conway, $75; Miss H.
Ra.iemaker, $7r>; 8. A. Espina, $75; Miss Gar
barina, Mies Dukee, !rt>s, aud Miss White,
At the Girls' High School. Franz M.
Goldstein, tne teacher of drawing, gets
i $140 a month ; Mr?. Howard, the French
I tutor, $100; lira. Ellis, the teacher of eio
j cution, $3f>, and Mrs. Meytinck, the music
j teacher, $35. Mrs. Graef, who teaches sew
| ing at tin' Columbia Grammar School,
I draws $60 a month, and the sewing teacher
at the Franklin Grammar $75.
In the Lincoln Evening School, the
three drawing teachers, Messrs. Ransome,
Herold and Christie, each receive $50 a
month, and A. Jordan, the teacher of
physics, $50.
The special teachers in the general de
partment are Miss K. M. Ball, $150 a
month, Robert Bartb $125, L. A. Jordan
$100, Mrs. H. b. Steelesloo, Miss Kate £.
Whitakersloo, R. E. Eidridne $100, Miss
Paxton ?>*.) and Miss Toorny $tio. Miss
Ball is teacher of drawing, Miss Whitaker
cooking, and Mrs. Steele historical lessons
on the stereopticon.
"The minimum age at which a student
may enter the evening schools," said Su
perintendent Babcock, "has been raised
from ten years to twelve. I have also
1 recommended the establishment, at the
, opening ot the term, of three new evening
schools. One of these should be located
at the Mission Grammar School, one at
the Franklin Grammar and one at the
Richmond School.
"Our income from the rents of school
property is, so the secretary tells us, $49,
-587 a year.
"In the rule, recently adopted concern
ing tbe election of teachers, persons who
have had two years' successful experience
• in teaching, or as Normal School gradu
; ates, are eligible to appointments in the
department.
"Theonly other new provision in the
rule is that relative to substitutes, which
says:
When the day substitute class falls below
twenty-four in number each Director shall be
emitted to nominate two candidates, all nomi
nations to be made in open board. Said nomi-
I nces shall present themselves to the City
: Board of Examination, who shall report to the
[ Board of Education at a regular meeting, aa to
the experience, scholarship and general fit
ties* of the nominees, recommending the
twelve who in their judgment are best fitted
for the vacancies, which twelve shall be j
de-'med eligible for election by the board.
Wnen the evening suDstitute class fails below
j six in number each director shall be entitled !
1 to nominate one candidate, all nominations to .
be made in open board. The said nominees ■
, shall then present themselves to the City I
■ Board of Examination, who shall report to the {
. Board of Education at a regular meeting at to i
; the experience, scholarship and general fitness ]
-. of the nominees recommending the six who in :
, their judgment are best fitted for the vacan- !
ties, waich six shell be deemed eligible for
j election by the board.
Reptiles and fishes are not generally
provided with eye. ids, these protections
being to them unnecessary.
HE WAS CAUGHT
BY THE FENDER,
John Figone Horribly Man
gled by a Kearny-Street
Car.
WAS RUNNING FAST.
Samuel Cash Explains Why the
Car Was Not Con
trolled.
DEANFOBD LOST HIS HEAD.
An Excited Motorman Reverses tbe
Car ani Drags the B'eeding Vic
tim Several Feet.
A Kearny-street electric-car, No. 1103,
struck Johnnie Figone, a 14-year-old boy,
who resided with his parents at 3 Bartol
street, yesterday, about 11:30 o'clock, and
in fifteen minutes the little laa breathed
his last at the Receiving Hospital.
The accident happened in the crowded
portion of the City, iust north of Califor
nia street, and hundreds of people watched
the boy's death agony as the merciless
fender held its victim in a cruel grasp
while the iron wheels ground the life out
of the young body. Few there were who
noticed the accident in its incipiency, for
the circumstance wbich led to the catas
trophe was so commonplace that it at
tracted no attention.
The boy, who was worKing for J. Jack
son, a tailor at 509 Kearny street, had
been sent on an errand. On his return an
express wagon driven by a colored man,
William E. David, passed him going in
Figone's direction, and Johnnie, true to
the small boy's instinct, clambefed over
the end gate and proceeded to enjoy a sur
reptitious ride. Reaching the vicinity of
his employer's shop, he jumped carelessly
to the ground and directly in front of a
south-bound car. The car struck him and
he fell. The guard, which is placed just
high enough from the ground to allow a
human body to barely pass beneath it,
also struck nim, and as he rolled beneath
it he uttered a heart-rending scream.
The motorman threw his weiptht npon
the lover, but the car was going too fast to
respond readily, and the wheels passed
over Figone's body. Motorman 1. W.
Cranford reversed the motor and allowed
the caT to drag the boy's body back as far
as it had been dragged forward.
Bystanders rushed to the lad's as
sistance. He was so firmly wedged
beneath the fender that the car
had to be lifted before he could be re
moved. Then it was too late. His left
thigh was crushed in a frightful manner
and speech and consciousness had left
him. OtticerB Magee and Butterworth
conveyed the injured youth to the Receiv
ine Hospital, but it was a useless journey.
Five mmutes after their arrival the boy
died.
Samuel Cash, the proprietor of a shoot
ing gallery at 503 Kearny street, saw the
accident from the time tbe boy was struck.
"I was standing in my door," he said,
"when I heard a shriek. I looked up and
was horrified to see a boy passing under
neath the guard of one of the cars. The
boy screamed as tbe guard struck bini,
and then he revolved two or tliree times
until I heard another shriek, and then I
knew tbe wheels had reached him. The
motorman was doing his best to stop the
car, and I am satisfied if he bad not been
going so fast he could have stopped it all
right. I noticed the car was going very
fast.
'Soon after the second shriek the car
stopped and then the motorman reversed
the car. I can't imagine what he did that
for. he must have been excited, for he
dragged the boy nearly twelve feet. By this
time a crowd had collected, and they
managed by lifting the car to get the poor
boy extricated."
B Louis Isaacs, who works in a sboestore
at 510 Kearny street, was one of the first to
go to the boy's assistance. "I beard a
scream," he said, "and looking out of the
door, saw a boy beneath one of the cars.
He bad just passed under the guard when
I saw him and in another moment he was
beneath the wheels. The motorman
stopped the car and then for some reason
reversed it. The boy was caught under
the car and dragged several feet. I rushed
ont to his assistance and, reaching under,
found that the board in front of the wheels
had imprisoned one of his feet. I called
upon the crowd to lift the car, and by
doing so we managed to get the boy
loose."
Officer J. S. Adams arrested the motor
man, Cranford, immediately after the oc
currence and took him before Jodge Jo
achimsen on a charge of manslaughter.
Cranford explained the accident by say
ing the boy jumped immediately in front
of the car and he had no opportunity to
apply tbe brakes. He was allowed to go
on hla own recognizance.
Stabbed in the Side.
Andrew Desmond of 265 Carolina street was
In a saloon on Green and Dupont streets last
night when a stranger, who was drunk, asked
him to treat. Desmond refused and the
I Ftrnnger advanced toward him. Desmond
SEW TO-DAY.
4? eWorld's Best Natural Aperient Water £*
, " 5^
* iiuujjiiii <i mills *
' s^^ "^ ~ "■ " ■■: \Sa
«§^ Prof. Dr. Venneman, of the University of Loaraia, Belgium, writes: ifc
jj "Patients declare it an IDEAL aperient |J
ad mineral water. " of*
Gr
Iri CAUTION : None genuine without the signature of &|»
jj the firm "Andreas Saxlehner," on the label fc|
SPECIAL SALE COME
■ ■ ROXBURY ■ ■■ . and
BRUSSELS CARPET SEE
LAID IJCp A US
LINED,/ j]lj YARD. Wecanoffer |ou bargains in
. „ _  i- . , * n , Bicycles and ; Sundries v that .
4 Rooms Furniture, solid oak, $75. cannot be duplicated, come
' '- ; ■ --.-V :..-. , while they last.
SHIREK & SHIREK, —
747 Mar^^eT^^^nt A...: EDWIN MOH RIG, Agent,
tklepho.ne 539 i. 1510 Market Street, S. F.
pushed him back and tbe stranger stabbed
him iv the left side with a pocket-knife. Des
mond made his way to the Receiving Hospital
and the wound, which was only a slight one,
was dressed.
A DISSOLUTE FATHER.
John Giblin, Who Beat His Children
and Sold Their School- Books for
Whisky, Gets Six Months.
John Giblin, a laborer, living at 428 Lin
den avenue, was sent to the County Jail
for six months by Judge Conlan yesterday
on the charge of cruelty to children.
The evidence showed that Giblin spent
all his earnings in drink, and last week to
satisfy his craving for liquor he sold his
children's school-books. 'When his wife
pleaded with him not to sell the books he
struck her with his fist. When drunk he
was in the habit of beating his children,
and finally Mrs. Giblin complained to the
Society for the Prevention ot Cruelty to
Children.
Judge Conlan, in passing sentence, said
he regretted that he could not make it six
years instead of six months.
JAKE BAUER ARRESTED.
He Is Charged With Misdemeanor Em
bezzlement.
J. J. Raver, the collector, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on a warrant charging
him with misdemeanor embezzlement.
The complaining witness is Antone Haber,
formerly employed as a waiter in Louis
Meyer's restaurant on Ellis street. After
the restaurant was attached Raver col
lected $70 from the Sheriff for Huber and
another waiter named Selhorn and is ac
cused of retaining a portion of it. Raver
was released on his own recognizance by
Judge Campbell.
CLIPPER LINE FAILURE.
Sutton & Co., the Pioneers of
the Horn Ronte, Made an
Assignment.
Their Retirement Believed to Be Fore
shadowed by the Announcement
of a New Line.
From New York comes the news of the
assignment of Sutton & Co., tbe firm
which from the early days of the settle
ment of California have maintained a line
of clippers between this port and New
York. The present agents of the firm in
this City are Sutton & Beebee.
It was rumored some short time ago that j
the firm intended to retire from this trade, j
but among old shipping men the report
was met with little credit. It is probable
that it originated from some one having
knowledge of the firm's embarrassed con
dition.
The assignment was made to Charles H.
Luddington Sr., New York.Jwithout prefer- i
ence.
About ten days ago The Call announced
the contemplated establishment of another
clipper line around the Horn, whose ves
sels were to ply between San Francisco |
and New York. This line is to be inaugu- I
rated by Flint & Co. of New York, promi
nent and wealthy commission merchants
and ship-owners. At the time this news
was made public it was a mystery to ship
ping men and merchants here why a new
line should he started at a time when
business was at its minimum and rates
were the lowest they have ever been.
To many the announcement of the fail
ure of Sutton & Co., coming immediately
on the announcement of the proposed es
tablishment of a new clipper line, signifies
the permanent retirement of the pioneer
line.
The active movers in the line of Flint &
Co. are said to be Simpson <£. Haldot, who
have already inaugurated a line lrom
Philadelphia. They will remove their
headquarters to New York, and have been
promised, so it is understood, the unlim
ited support of Flint & Co.
A FAMOUS WOMAN POISONER.
Something About Tofano, Referred To at
the Fleming; Trial.
In the course of the cross-examination
of an expert at the Fleming trial a few
days ago, Assistant District Attorney
Mclntyre referred to the case of a famous
woman poisoner of the seventeenth cen
tury, who was convicted and confessed to
have poisoned over 600 persons.
The woman referred to was Signora
Tofano. Sne was one of the most famous
of a band of Italian poisoners which
gained prominence in the last of the six
teenth and first of the seventeenth cen
turies. She used in her assassinations a
poison concocted by herself which is now
known as "Aqua Tofano."
It was made by killing a hog, disjoint
ing the same, salting it with arsenic and
collecting the juice which dropped from
the meat. This juice was said to be far
more poisonous than the pure arsenic.
The poison was sent out under the label
of "Manna of St. Nicholas of Bari— a cure
for rheumatism."
When the poisoner was found out she
sought refuge in a convent, from which
she was at last taken. The Archbishop
was furious at the invasion of the sanctu
ary, but Tofano was strangled and her
body thrown back over the wall of the
convent from which she had been brought
to the execution of her sentence.
Before her death the woman confessed
that she had poisoned over 600 persons,
among whom were two Popes.
Tofano had several friends to whom she
confided her secrets. Hieronyma Spira
was one of the most noted. She was also
the leader of a band of women who at the
time of Pope Alexander VII poisoned
their husbands. — New York Evening Sun.
— • — •
Twenty-six thousand men are employed
at the Krupp gun works.
HEW TO-PAT.' '
RHEUMATISM
CURE.
Mnnvon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
cures before one bottle has been usea.
P^n?o C n' 8 Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigesmon and atom
ach trouble. Price, 25 cents. — _
Munyon's Kidney . Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. _
Munyon's Vitalizer, price $1. • .
A separate specific for each d isease. At
all druggists, mostly » ce^^SSn ISO!
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
fR»Of MAR* - /) CL^rt/7*' - ■
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
BLACyiLY
: It must be borne in mind
that our whole energies
are devoted to the supply-
I ing of Black Fabrics—
those of best dyes— latest
weaves.
\ Largest Assortment. \
f Lowest Prices.
R.T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
i Telephone Grant 518.
HOTEL fffiPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF. *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths ,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centra.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Ei7«r>
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L " to 66th St., or Broadway cable
can to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan, $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely eqnipped and most liberally managed hotel
In New York. W. JOHNSON GTJINN, Mcr.
. WM. N0BL&, Propr.. . ; '
HEALD'S
ness practice, * horti }* ad <«*ltman>. typeirittnit.
in* <Tv P h >'. , moder n »auKUase«, £ni;lish branched
1 MntaiVTiE ?* pe " alnla X to a business edacatiou
rapidly taught. Department or Electrical En-
gineenn 5 «n operation. Indlvtdnal instrnctlon. 20
au£?v ttm ** • M4lM w- Students can com meoc*
wmo* for m £ Jo^e^** Of «"«■»"- to Pylons.
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR THE UNI-
X verslty. Law and M»dical Collects. Admission
on recommendation. Many student* have been
successfully prepared at this 8 « en rf 0 and
evening sessions. Reference,, President Jordan
r& PKOP P T e n o^^ lul buiidine. XoT
l^ort Cu^ity. "• ° KAL ' *""*»*. >»f at
TRINITY SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1S70)
"D OARDIXG AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
~ RKV. DR. E. B. SPALDINQ. Rector.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
2297 f* A . CRA MENTO ST. -BOARD, X NO-
rn« ,L •, perfecl mastery of French and Ge£
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
TJEOPENS AUGUST 5. FI'LI.CiUJ.E(MATF
iX to l an ? acadeMic courses; nnequaled
musical and elocutionary advantages: t«mi
moderate. . Address MRS. cT. MILLS
. Mil!a College P. O. t Cat
SNELL SEMINARY,
1213 , MADI ST., OAKLAND: A BOARD-
i MARY E. SXEIX. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
l'?ad£? I p£^ ND D AY SCHOOL FOBTOUXO
A Carr^^.mTn nd^ inderKarteu for Children.
XXV. K. a CHURCH, A.M.. 1036 Valencia st.
RADCLIFFE HALL,
APEEPAiiATOuTSCHOOL for GIRLS.
For Illustrated Catalogue address
• MRS. ALPHEtS BCLI.,
— - ■■" Belmont, Cailfornla.
■\IISS HAMLIN'S SCHOOL AND VAX VK^
iiliilSllliWANT TO REOPEN
MORTON STREET.
Grand Jury Surprised at
the Number of Sig
natures.
A SECRET PETITION OUT.
Concerted Plan to Bring Back
Tenants Recently Ex
pelled.
LONG PARLEY OF THE JURY.
A Conference With Supervisors on
Tax Levy, Estimates and
Assessments.
When the dens of infamy on Morton
street were closed and the dissolute deni
zens forced to abandon the place the Police j
Commissioners and members of the Grand
Jury congratulated themselves, and re
ceived the thanks of the community for
good work done in the cause of common j
decency. A few weeks ago rumors reached 1
the Grand Jury that a concerted effort was j
in progress to undo the work that had
been done and permit the outcasts to re
turn to the place from which they had
been expelled. At first the rumor was not
credited, but gradually it transpired that
petitions had been circulated and the sig
natures of property-owners on Grant ave
nue and Kesrny street obtained to the re
quest that the former tenants should be
allowed to return.
Some time ago the Chief of Police was
advised that a movement of this kind was
in progress. It came to his knowledge
that a man representing himself to be a
lawyer had sought personal interviews
•with the women who had been driven
from the street and collected quite a sum
of money from them. This man demanded
from each one of the women the payment
of $10 as a preliminary fee, promising that
the calling in which they had been en
caged should again be pursued without
molestation from the police authorities.
■\Vhen Chief Crowley heard of these tran
sactions he sent for the man and stopped
the game at once. The Chief regrets that
he has not tbe power to compel persons like
this Morton-street broker to leave town
and not return.
It is known now to the Grand Jury that
a petition extensively signed is in ex
istence, (irtat caution was observed in
the circulation of the petition, and now
the jurors are beginning to wonder what
the next move will be. The street was
closed to immoral traffic by order of the
Poiice Commissioners. The dens of vice
that were closed cannot be reopaned unless
the order is suspended or revoked. Chief
Crowley said yesterday that a police officer
was yet stationed there with instructions
to carry out the orders of the Commis
sioners.
Should the petition which is said to be |
so extensively signed be presented to the j
Police Commissioners or the Board of j
Supervisors the names thereon will be |
studied with curiosity. The Grand
Jury cannot understand why property
owners who own houses and shanties on
that street should care to defy a public
sense of decency for a transient gain. The
members regard with particular satisfac
tion the work which they have done in
cleaning out the street, and are confident
that the property in time will greatly en
hance in value by reason of its redemption
from former dipgraceful uses.
The Grand Jury was in session from 1:30
until (J o'clock yesterday afternoon. The
subjects under consideration were tax-levy
and assessments. For a long time Super
visors Taylor and Benjamin of the Finance
Committee of| the board were with the
jury. The discussion took a wide range,
bearing upon expenditures in various de
partments of the municipal government.
Supervisor Taylor entertains notions of
economy in line with the views which the
Grand Jury commends. Supervisor Ben
jamin is inclined to be progressive and lib
eral. He would not promise to adhere to
lines of economy which Jwould stint the
departments in the use of money.
As a result of the deliberation the jury
instructed Secretary Frank P. McLennan,
Theodore F. Payne, Alpheus Bull Jr. and
the expert, Horace Dunn, to prepare and
transmit to the Board of Supervisors a
communication setting forth the conclu
sions and desires of the Grand Jury. Tbe
communication will go to the board at 10
o'clock this forenoon.
Last night the committee was at work
preparing the communication. It is prob
able that the document will follow the
line of action decided upon shortly after
the jury was organized. It was then
resolved that the jury should use its influ
ence to secure a reduction of the tax on
real estate. The view was taken that a
tax of $2 25 was an exaction which ap
proached confiscation of property and con
stituted a burden under which legitimate
business enterprises could not profitably
exist. To lessen this tax it was resolved to
interview the Assessor and urge him to
use the greatest diligence in listing for
taxation such personal property as securi
ties, money in bank and valuable
franchisee.
It was held that an increase of the per
sonal-property roll would diminish the
burden on real estate. It was also planned
to interview the heads of departments and
ascertain from each just how much money
would be actually required for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1897.
The expert of the Grand Jury was de
tailed to make independent estimates. He
was charged with the duty of examining
the requisition of the Street Department
and the School Department to ascertain if
the amounts requested were absolutely
necessary.
So thorough has been the work of the
Grand Jury in collecting information and
supplying comparative data that the Su
pervisors concede that new light has been
cast on tbe subject of municipal manage
ment.
It is now understood that the Super
visors will be urged to uphold assess
ments and reduce allowances, bo that
<'.ty taxes may be brought down again to
$1 on the hundred. It is figured that the
State tax this year should not go above
50 cents. Therefore It is hoped that a re
duction from $2 25 to $1 50 may be se
cured.
RICH CORPORATIONS.
The Grand Jury Will Ask tha Super
visors to Increase the Valuation
Made by Assessor Slebe.
This forenoon representatives of the
Grand Jury will go before the Board of
Equalization and request that the assess
ment of corporations fchall be increased
rather than diminished. The Grand Jury
will present a statement, showing what it
believes to be a fair valuation of property
owned by each of the corporations that
deal in transportation, light and water.
The statement has been carefully pre
pared by Horace Uunn, the expert of the
jury.
lhe statement will show that according
to Assessor Siebe's own method of com
puting values there has been a great
under-valuation of the property of the
Market-street Railway Company, the
Spring Valley Water Works, the San
Francisco Gaslight Company, the electric
light companies and various street railway
lines.' The list of undervalued corporate
property ia extensive, and the increase
requested amounts in the aggregate of the
various items to a large sum.
The Grand Jury holds that if a company
has out $1,000,000 in bonds worth par and
100,000 shares of stock, selling, for exam
ple, at $5 a share, it is quite a reduction to
cut the sum of $1,500,000 in two and ap
praise the property at $750,000 for purposes
of taxation. It is claimed that the As
sessor has gone far under this figure in
assessing the Market-street Railway. The
Grand Jury's idea is that all corporations
should be treated alike, and the method
of ascertaining the value of a poor man's
property should be applied to the property
of the rich corporations. The purpose of
the jury representatives in gome before the
Board of Supervisors this morning is to
meet and offset the demands which attor
neys will make for the corporations.
FAILURE OF J. SAMUELS.
In Business for More Than a Third of a
Century.
Julius Samuels, who for many years car
ried on a dry-goods business at 104 Kearny
street, has made an assignment for the
benefit of his creditors to the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade.
Mr. Samuels takes his situation much to
heart and has the sympathy of all hia
creditors. Speaking of his affairs he said:
"It is impossible for me to approximate
the assets and liabilities. I prefer when a
statement is made to have it correct. This
has been a hard day for me and I have
scarcely sought to know. I have been in
business for thirty-live years and my fail
ure has been due to hard times. No one
person or firm has forced this. My rela
tions with creditors have been perfectly
< friendly and I assigned because I was ab
solutely helpless— l could not do other
wise. I have made desperate efforts to
avert this, but it had to come.
"I have no idea whether I will be able
]to resume or not. That is something no
i one can tell. I will do my best to make a
! satisfactory settlement."
LAND IN THE POTRERO.
Attorney E. A. Ball Arrested on
the Complaint of Mrs. J.
W. Farrington.
He Is Accused of Fraudulently Convey
ing Lands, but Emphatically
Denies the Charge.
A. Everett Ball, the well-Known attor
ney in the Merchants' Exchange building,
was arrested yesterday afternoon on a war
rant charging him with fraudulently con
veying lands and was immediately re
leased on bonds.
The complaining witness is Mrs. J. W.
Farrington, 509 Vermont street, who al
leges that Attorney Ball deeded portions
of forty-five blocks of land in tha Potrero
to the Pacific Land Association in trust
for himself when he had previously deeded
the same property to her husDand, now
deceased. The land involved in the com
plaint is blocks 69 to 197, 200 to 210, 231 to
236, 293, 244, 245, 271, 242 and 262.
Farnngton died on June 2, and his
widow alleges that when she examined his
papers she found a deed for the property
in question dated in April, 1895. When
she went to record the deed she discovered
that a deed for the same property was
already nn record bearing date September,
1895, from Ball to the Pacific Association.
Attorney Ball, hi speaking of his ar
rest, said: "Mrs. Farritigton must be
crazy. She sought to have me arrested
some weeks ago for the same thing, but
when she told her story to Judge Low he
refused to issue a warrant. She owes me
$600 for money advanced to her some time
ago to go to San Salvador, where she
claimed to have money coming to her, but
the whole thing was a delusion and I am
out the $600.
"Farrington had an interest in the Pacific
Land Association with Mr. Tripp and my
self. We thought there was something in
the land but when tbe United States court
decided that the Bensley deed of the
property to Orrin Curry was no deed at all,
we realized, that the association's title to
the property was not good. I subsequently
gave Farrington a quitclaim deed to my
interest in the property, and later gave
another to tbe land association. The prop
erty is not in my name nor do I own an
interest in it. My actions in the matter
will stand the closest scrutiny."
GREEN FRUIT IS PAYING,
Outlook for the Dried Product
Formally Reported as
Promising.
Election of Officers of the Fruit Ex
change — Annual Meeting to Be
HeM This Morning.
The San Francisco Fruit Exchange held
is annual election at its headquarters on
Davis street yesterday. A fair representa
tion of the membership was present, and
the election passed off harmoniously.
Following is a list of the new officers for
tbe ensuing year: President, Herman
Bendel; vice-president, J. L. Wilson;
treasurer, Abe Rosenberg; board of direc
tors—D. E. Allison, W. A. Cnrtia (Sacra
mento), C. C. Kinsey, Herman Bendel,
Frank Dal ton, Abe Rosenberg, P. D. Code,
A. G. Freeman, J. L.- Wilson; committee
of appeals— E. A. Cohen, A. B. Field, M. J.
Fontana. C. B. Jennings, I. H. Morse.
The annual meeting will be held this
morning at 11 o'clock, and tbe outgoing
president is very desirous of having a full
attendance, as matters of vital importance
to the exchange are to be discussed.
A meeting of the new board of airectors
will be held immediately after the adjourn
ment of the annual meeting.
Dried fruits, with which the exchange
has chiefly to deal, are just now in the
"aweat-box" stage, according to Secretary
T. b. Taylor, but the prospect is very
pro raisin?.
President Dalton says that green fruits
are coming on very satisfactorily. The
early peaches ere almost gone and they
brought a good price. Cherries were very
profitable to growers and handlers ana the
same may be said with a reservation oi the
berries. Apricots are cheap. The late
peaches will be a small crop, but they give
promise of being ot fine quality and there
fore commanding a good price.
Pears will be a large crop and of unusually
fine quality, but so far no contracts higher
than $20 a ton have been made. Last year
the shippers of pears got "red ink re
turns," which means in tbe cumnn.-sion
merchant's vernacular, they lost on nearly
all consignments. This year tne outlook
is more favorable.
Tribulations of the Hoburg*.
Mrs. Mary G. Hoburg nas sued Frank T.
Hoburg, the attorney and politician, for
divorce. Mrs. Hoburg is the daughter of Mrs.
Frederick A. Gibbsand is prominent in society
circles. The husband is a member of the law
firm of Cope, Boyd, Fifleld <fc Hoburg. The
complHint alleges that ever since the marriage
Hofourg has been excessively cruel to his ■wile.
He is accused of cursing her and calling her
vile names during the honeymoon and la-ter of
striking the complainant, failing to provide
for her and desertion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
SHE IS NOW AN
ARCHITECT'S BRIDE
Nuptials of Mrs. Julia Mar
tin and Mr. Moses
Lyon.
WEDDED BY DR. NIETO
Only Relatives Attend the Cere
mony Which Was Performed
Amid Flowers.
DR. FARRELL IS ENGAGED.
The Popular Young Doctor Betrothed
to a Duluth Belle, Daughter of
a Railroad President
An interesting though quiet and simple
home wedding was that of Mrs. Julia
Martin and Moses Lyon, the young archi
tect.
MRS. JULIA MARTIN AND M. LYON.
Mrs. Martin is the widow off the late
Jefferson Martin, and is an important
figure in the commercial world as well as
in the world of society. Mr. Lyon is one
of the most popular of the young profes
sional men, and is held in hi«h esteem by
a large circle of friends as well as business
associates.
At half past 6 last evening in the flower
decorated parlors of the Martin residence,
1405 Franklin street, Rev. Dr. Nieto read
the impressive marriage service that
united the young couple.
Mr. and Mrs. Julien Liebes, sister and
brother-in-law of the bride, "stood up"
with them. George Liebes officiated as
best man. Ail the details of tbe wedding
were conducted with tbe utmost sim
plicity. Only the immediate relatives of
the contracting parties witnessed the cere
mony and partook of the elaborate supper
which followed.
The bride, a handsome blonde, petite
and stylish, looked extremely well In her
handsome bride's gown. It was fashioned
of gray silk crepe. The yoke was made
perfectly plain in the prevailing style, and
the corsage trimmed with point lace and
chiffon. The hair was dressed high, and
a cream aigrette mounted on a diamond
pin ornamented the stylish coiffure.
Mrs. Liebe.-s sister of the bride, wore a
very handsome gown of pale blue silk,
trimmed with chiffon and lace.
Jeffreys Martin, a little miss of 4 sum
mers, carried the pillow on which rested
the wedding ring. She was attired in a
dainty frock of light blue silk, with white
lace overdress, and trimmed with pale
blue satin ribbon.
The bridal presents were elegant and
numerous. Mr. Lyon presented his bride
with a pearl and diamond lleur de lis,
which may be worn either as a brooch or
a pendant. A handsome solitaire pin was
the gift of tbe groom's mother. The other
relatives sent a complete service of silver
ware, handsome bronzes, cut glass and
various pieces of bric-a-brac.
Mr. and Mrs. Lyon will leave this
morning for a southern bridal tour, and
on their return will reside at 1105 Franklin
street.
The engagement of Miss Edna C. Great
singer, daughter of J. L. Greatsinger, presi
dent of the Duluth and Iron Mountain
Railroad and one of the leading men of
Duluth, to Dr. P. J. H. Farrell of San
Francisco was announced yesterday.
Last winter while Miss Greatsinger was
in California she met Dr. Farrell, and an
attachment sprang up between them which
ripened into an engagement tbat has been
kept secret until now, when the young
lady left for New York to arrange for her
trousseau. It is said that the wedding
Will take place earl/ in September. It
will be a social affair of some importance,
owing to the position occupied by the
Greatsingers in Duluth society, and be
cause of Dr. Farrell's prominence in this
City.
Miss Greatsinger Is a very pretty and ac
complished young lady, and is a great
favorite in this City.
Dr. Farrell is one of the most successful
and popular of the young physicians of
Ban Francisco. He was lately commis
sioned by Governor Budd surgeon of the
First Infantry, N. G. C. Tbe young physi
cian served with distinction in the Eng
lish army. He passed through a Zulu
campaign and was severely wounded in
battle at tbe same time the youn j Prince
Imperial forfeited his life. His military
career was a most exciting and interesting
one. In appearance Dr. Farrell is a
very handsome man— tall, distinguished
looking, a typical Englishman. He is a
member of many prominent clubs.
OFFICERS OF ELECTION.
The Merchants' Association Is Striving
for a Strong Representation.
Extraordinary efforts are being made by
the Merchants' Association to secure rep
resentation in all the precincts at the
approaching election. There have already
been filed with the Registrar 200 applica-
tions out of the 2000 notices sent out.
The association is now making strenuous
efforts to add further applications, and in
the course of a few days will no doubt be
able to make a much larger showing. The
difficulty appears to be in getting residents
in all the precincts to serve as election offi
cers. It is safe to say that in the course of
a few weeks the association will have at
least 1000 applications filed with the Reg
istrar.
A special delegation of the board of di
rectors of the Merchants' Association will
be at the Registrar's office this morning at
10 o'clock to present tl-.e claims of the as
sociation beiore the Election Commission
ers. The delegation will consist of the
following directors: P. W. Dohrmann, A.
8. Baldwin, M. S. Kohlberg^ Hugo D.
Keil, Charles Bundschu, A. Fusenot and
A. Rothchild.
SELL FOR THE CARNIVAL.
Maiinn Elliott Will Pose kh Auctioneer
for the Benefit of the Big Fete.
Owing to the excitement at the Mer
chants' Exchange attending the reception
of the news of the grounding of the steam
ship Columbia, it was found impossible to
conduct the auction sale of seats for the
benefit at the Columbia Theater on Thurs
day next for the fund of the Carnival of
the Golden Gate. Manager Friedlander,
who was present, suggested its postpone
ment for a week, and offered to secure the
services of Miss Maxine Elliott to act as
auctioneer on the date selected.
It was determined, therefore, to hold the
sale next Tuesday afternoon at 1:30, in the
hall of the Merchants' Exchange, and to
present the bill on Thursday week, the 23d
inst. Tickets heretofore issued for the per
formance will be good for the latter date.
The executive committee will hold a
meeting to-night (Wednesday) at the par
lors of the Lick House to hear the ieport
of the special committee on finance. A
number of large corporations will meet
to-day and notify the committee imme-
liately of what action they have taken in
regard to their contributions for.the car
nival.
PRIVATE KELLY CHARGED.
A Coroner's Jury Formally Ac
cuses Him of Murdering
Joseph Quinn.
Dr. Wells Says He Found Blood
Stains on the Hands of the
Accused Man.
A Coroner's jury impaneled to sit in
the case of Joseph Quinn, the United
States soldier whose throat was cut at the
Presidio on the nisht of July 10, returned
a verdict yesterday formally charging Pri
vate Joseph Kelly with murder. The in
quest was conducted by Acting Coroner
Kerrigan.
The iirst witness called was Captain
Vcdges, commander of the post. He knew
nothing of the affair except what had been
reported to him. Dr. Wells, the post phy
sician, testified that he had picked up the
razor with which the bloody deed had been
committed on the scene of the murder. He
also swore to having found bloody stains
on the hands of Kelly, who npou being
questioned said he did not know how the
stains came to be there. Dr. Well* also
said that he examined Private Kaiup
schmidt at the guardhouse and found
blood on his hands.
Then followed many privates, their tes
timony being mainly of the second-hand
order, indicating, however, tbat Kellv,
Quinn, Whelan, Kampschmidt and Sulli
van had been engaged in a war of words,
enlivened occasionally by a few blows,
throughout the day.
John Whalen, a private, was probably
the most important witness of the day.
Tne row started, he said, early in the
morning between himself, Kampschmidt,
mills and Kelly. They were at the can
teen about 7:30 o'clock, where the quarrel
was renewed. After the canteen closed,
which was about 11 o'clock, several of the
soldiers started in the direction of the bar
racks.
He and Kampschmidt were fiphting and
Mills, JKelly and l^uinn were ouarrelinc.
Quinn struck Private |Mills a blow which
stunned him and he lay on the ground for
some time. While Quinn and Mills were
struggling he saw Kfelly hit Quinn on the
shoulder or thereabouts, and suddenly he
heard Quinn shout tbat he was killed, and
at the same time be (Whalen) saw Kelly
run away in the direction of his quarters.
Quinn f«ll into his arms and cried out,
"Jack, I'm killed." Quinn died shortly
afterward.
John O'Donnell, a private, said he was
in his bunk when the trouble occurred,
but he was on the scene beiore Quinn died
and thought he heard him say, "Kelly cut
me." Quinn died a few moments later.
Private Kelly, who was present during
the inquest, refused to testify, saying that
as his attorney was not present, he did not
think it wise to say anything.
After beine out about thirty minutes the
jury returned a vnrdict which failed to
charge any one with the crime. Acting Cor
oner Kerrigan refused to accept the verdict,
the jury being sent out again with instruc
tions to bring in a report showing who did
the killing or telling in some way how it
happened. The jury then returned tue
following verdict:
"And we further find that Joseph E.
Quinn came to his death in a drunken quar
rel at Fort Mason, California, on July 10,
1896, and it is the opinion of the jury, ac
cording to the evidence submitted, that
James'Kelly is guilty of the murder."
When the verdict was rendered, Kelly
apparently unmoved, was taken in charge
by a police ollicer and removed to the
Central Station.
A BIG BUDGET
FOR BERKELEY,
The Regents Want $1,000,
-000 for Building Pur
poses.
SOME STATISTICS FILED.
Unexpected Surplus Remaining
From the Year's Ac
counts.
COST OF EDUCATING STUDENTS.
Means Proposed for Increasing the
Revenue of the University of
California.
Five of the University regents seated
themselves around the table in the Art
Institute yesterday afternoon, just as if
they were going to dinner. Then the
finance committee of three joined the five,
and later two more, Governor Budd and
Judge Waymire, came in. Gavin McNab
was close on the heels of the Governor,
however, and took him into an anteroom
and talked to him while the business of
the meeting was going on. The Governor's
attendance at the meeting resulted only in
an interview with Gavin McNab, which
may or may not have done the college
worlds of good.
It was tbe vacation season, so said Sec
retary Bonte, and hence tho empty chairs
and the dead silence which punctuated
the rollcalls.
The business of most importance was
the annual "budget" submitted by the
finance committee. This was read after
some suggestions to adjourn to a meeting
better attended, and was unanimously
adopted by a vote of 9 aye.* and no
"noes," the Governor, the tenth Regent,
still being interviewed by Mr. McNab in
the anteroom.
It was recommended in the report that
the 1-cent levy for the support of the
university should be raised 50 per cent,
and that the Legislature should be peti
tioned to make the increase. This would
give the necessary $55,000 necessary for the
current expenses of the coming year, and
with the increase of property in the State
thp Regents think this percentage will
keep the income up to the needs of the col
lege.
It wa3 further recommended that the
next Legislature be asked to appropriate
$500,000 for building purposes and that the
following Legislature be asked to appro
priate the same amount, so that in four
years the university buildings could be
put in proper condition, and in the mean
time the increased accommodations de
manded could be furnished. Attention
was called to the refusal of the Controller
to pay to the treasurer of the college the
amount due from the "diverted fund" —
\he inteiest on $79,750— which had wrong
fully been diverted from that portion of
the school fund allowed the university
and upon which the Legislature had
ordered paid 6 per cent. The Controller
had found a flaw in the law providing for i
the continuance of the payments, and so
the recommendation was maae that the
board order its counsel to confer with the
Attorney-General and draw up a law which
would not be defective.
It was also reported that the board bad
received unexpected incomes from several
sources, and it can therefore close tbe
books for the year without a deficiency
and with an unexpended balance of
$2310 52. This balance came from unex
pected sources, among them beinz delin
quent railroad taxes, a balance in stu
dents' deposits and unexpended balance
in the various departments. In view of
the positive need of this balance of $2310 52
to meet the necessities of the budget of
1896-97 it was recommended that the rule
by which the balance on hand at the close
of each fiscal year be absorbed In thfi
consolidated perpetual endowment fund
be suspended, and that the amount be
transferred to the eeneral fund of 1896-97.
The following table, showing the fluctua
tions in salaries, expenses and other sta
tistics for the years since 1879. was pre
pared and submitted. The table is as fol
lows:
Tear.
5! I O
o I E
a" S
S 3
8 ■ - =
it . : .
5 |
a | 5S
of So
a. »"*
I £1
." : S
o '■»
►t «♦
II
1870
1875
1880. .......
1886
1890
18*5
I
12 37,912 67
341 66,888 '.!»
44 . 82.686 57
4/ 77,478 00
8B • 132,217 44
146 218,99185
40 3.3
237 7
268 6
•241 5.1
401 4.7
1,124 7.7
? 947 81
282 10
HOBI6
32178
344 68
194 76
The relation in percentages in student .
attendance at Berkeley over the preceding j
period, omitting 1870, has been : 1880, 8 per
cent increase over 1875; 1885, 10 per cent
decrease below 1880; 1890,69 per cent in
crease over 1885; 1895, 180 per cent increase
over 1890.
The cost of tuition per capita, based on
the salary roll, has been decreased from
$344 68 in 1890 to $194 68 in 1895, while the
percentage of students on the salary roll
has been increased from 4.2 in 1890 to 7.7
In 1895.
The demands from the various depart
ments aggregate $94,915 50, but the com
mittee has been compelled to reduce this
total 10 $43,891 28. After conference with
the committee on internal adminis
tration the finance committee recom
mended that the amount expended for
salaries be limited to $236,085 84.
A loan of $35,000 for four years at 6 per
cent was made to Chris Henna on prop
erty in Los Angeles and one of $25,000 to
L. J. Hammond, on property also in Lob
Angeles, for three years at 6 per cent. An
attempt was made to confer upon Walter
Magee, physical instructor, the title of as
sistant professor of physical culture, in
order to give him a vote in the academic
senate, but it was not done.
NEFF HAS RESIGNED.
Private Business Prevents Him From
Attending to Hla Duties at
Prison Director.
Jacob H. Neff, one of the State Board of
Prison Directors, has tendered his resig
nation to Governor Budd, assigning as a
reason for hie action the press of private
business affairs.
It is said that Mr. Neff had this step in
contemplation for some time, not only on
account of the lack of time to give to the
business of tbe Prison Commission, but
also to tbe poor state of his health of late.
The resisnation is to take effect imme
diately. There is already talk of ex-
Prison Director Robert T. Devlin of Sac
ramento being selected as the successor of
Mr. Neff.
Gave Away His Money.
W. J. Hermann has sued Public Administra
tor i Freese i for $600 which belonged to Albert
Grutter, who ■ died intestate on July 5, claim •
ing that Grutter gave him the money the day
before ho died.' : r •._-,
. . Loans on diamonds. Interest low. v At Cncla
linns', 16 Ura.nl avenue.
: HEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
CLEARANCE BARGAINS
IN
ol I Lion IVlflltnlALo !
Our great and overwhelmingly successful July Sacrifice Sale
begins another day with special offerings of the following and many
other lines of; stylish and beautiful Dress Fabrics which have been
marked down for immediate clearance to
A FRACTION OF FORMER PRICES.
COLORED DRESS GOODS! BLACK DRESS GOODS!
sAt 10 Cents. At 35 Cents.
162 pieces 36-INCH FANCY ALL-WOOL 50 pieces 38-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH
SCOTCH CHEVIOT SUITING, MOHAIRS, in a variety of designs,
marked down from 25c to 10c a yard. marked down from 60c to 35c a yard.
At 50 Cents. Af - n r~ nt . a
74 pieces 42-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL 45 . onfl 4,™^ B vJr D * vtxt^ ATT
NAVY STORM SERGE, former price 45 P ieces 44-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-
-757 reduced to 50c a. yard WOOL STORM SERGE, marked down
,sc, reduced to 50c a yard. from gsc to 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
51 pieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL At 50 Cents.
ENGLISH NAVAL SERGE, in Sarah 60 pieces 44-INCH PURE ALL-WOOL
and diagonal effects, former price 25, FANCY SATIN SOLEILS, marked
reduced to 75c a yard. down from $1 to 50c a yard.
SILKS I SILKS! SILKS!
-A.* 35 Cents A. ~y«.r-ci.
50 pieces 24-INCH FANCY FIGURED EVENING SILK, former price ?1, will be
closed oat at 35c a yard.
-A.t SO Cents a. "Vs»,jr<SLm
70 pieces FIGURED AND STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, former price SI, will be
closed out at 50c a yard.
. A.-t 6O Cents a, "y«,x*<a..
30 pieces BLACK BROCADED TAFFETAS, former price $1, will be closed out at 60c
a yard.
*Ajt OO Conts a. "Vctx-d.
80 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN AND FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, will be
closed out at 50c a yard.
» JSLt 75 Cents a Yard.
80 pieces DRESDEN AND FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, marked down from $1 25 to
75c a yard.
■\AJt dI.OO «* Yarci.
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED DUCHESBE SATIN, extra heavy, latest desiens
regular price $1 50, marked down to $1 a yard.
t9- Middle notably Ladies' and Gentlemen's Neck-
wear and Underwear, are TEEMING WITH BARGAINS.
fff/lS^^ inrciFHY BUZLDZNOv /
(/(/ Harlot Street comer oi Jims, /
COBURN WINS HIS SUIT,
San Mateo County Enjoined From
Further Trespassing on
His Premises.
Decision of the Court Spoils the
Chances of Pebble Beach Be
coming a Resort.
The suit in equity, brought by Loren
Coburn to restrain and enjoin the county
of San Mateo from trespassing on certain
premises, was decided by Judge Morrow
yesterday in favor of the complainant.
The court also holds that the property
in question belongs to the State because
the land of the claimant extends only to |
tide-water. The Supervisors hoped at one
time to make the coveted strip of land
known as "Pebble Beach" a public resort.
The decision of the court is in part as fol
lows:
The complainant, Loren Coburn, ia the
owner of a tract of land originally forming
part of a Mexican land grant, known as tbe
Kancho Punta del ano Nuevo, made to one
Simon Castro on May '27, 1842, by Juan B. Al
varado, then Governor of California, for four
square leagues. This grant was subsequently I
confirmed by the United States District Court I
for the Northern District ot California, and
thereafter, on the 3d day of December, 1857, a
patent was issued by the Government of the
United States to Maria Antonia Pico, thu
widow of Simon Castro, and to the children
\ and heirs oi said Simon Castro, and to their
! heirs. The grant was by metes and bounds,
hihl as surveyed contained 17,753.15 acres.
The complainant acquired his title to all the
westerly half of said ranch through certain
mesne conveyances.
Then follows a lengthy description of
the property directly in dispute. Along
! the ocean side of t sis tract are several
I small beaches, the one known as Pebble
Beach being the subject of controversy in
the present case. The only convenient
way to reach this spot is through the
land owned by Coburn. Up to 1890 a gate
furnished exit and entrance for all who
desired to visit Pebble Beach. At that
time, however, the complainant moved on
the Droperty, nailing up the gate leading
to the beach.
Some twenty-five or thirty citizens of
San Mateo, including Supervisor H. B.
Adair, protested against the action, claim
ing that the road was a public one and
consequently Coburn had no right to close
it. They then cut down the gate and
destroyed part of the fencing. Later the
Supervisors declared the road a public
thoroughfare, instructing incidentally
Adair to keep the same open. Covering
this point and in conclusion Judge Morrow
says:
The Supervisor was by virtue of his office
ex-offlcio Kond Commissioner. As such he was
under the affirmative duty, "under tho direc
tion and supervision and pursuant to the order
ot the Board of Supervisors," to take charge of
the highways within their respective districts,
all meu, teams, etc., necessary to do work on
the road, also to keep the road clear of ob
structions. For the proper discharge of thiß
duty, as Road Commissioner, he was directly
responsible to the Board of Supervisors.
But it is claimed by the respondent that Su
pervisor Adair vas never authorized by the
board to commit the acts proved against" him
or pursue the course he dirt. It is true that the
board did not pass an order or authorization
j directing in so many words Supervisor Adair
j to tear down complainant's gate and lence
and keep the road free from obstructions, nor
did they adopt a resolution indorsing Adair's
action nor did they officially ratify his course.
But on the Ist of May, 1893, two month*
subsequent to the passage of the act declaring
Pebble Beach a place of recreation for the pub
lic, they passed an order declaring Pebble
Bench road a public road. • • * It is diffi
cult to seeiwhat stronger and further authori
zation for his efforts to keep the road free from
obstructions and open to tne public Supervisor
Adair required.
* * * lam of the opinion, both from the
law and the facts of this case, that the county
of San Mateo is liable for the tortuous acts of
its officer and agent, Supervisor and ex-ofiicio
Road Commissioner Adair. ar.d that tbe com
plainant should be indemnified for whatever
damage he may have suffered ia this connec
tion. • • * •An Injunction will be granted
enjoining and restraining the respondent from
trespassing on complainant's premises, and a
reference of the case had to the master of this
court, to take and state and to report to the
court the damages complainant has sus
tained.
VALLEY ROAD FUNDS.
Another Assessment Called — Bonds Soon
to Be Issued.
At the meeting of the board of directors
of the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railway Company yesterday the ninth
assessment of 10 per cent was levied on
the stockholders. This will provide nearly
a quarter of a million dollars for prosecut
ing the construction of the road to Fresno.
It is believed that when the full face value
of the outstanding shares have been paid
in there will be sufficient to complete the
work between Stockton and Fresno.
About a mile and a half of track is now
being laid daily. The San Joaquin River
will be reached about the Ist of the
j month, and by that time, if the present
I hot weather moderates, it is hoped to have
the big bridge across the stream ready for
track laving. At the present time the
unusually high temperature makes it
difficult to keep aa large a force of men at
work as desired. The thermometer reg
isters higher this season than for thirty
years past, according to the statements of
people who have lived there that length
of time and who ought to know.
By the time the next meeting of the di
| rectors is held, on Tuesday next, Presi
j dent Glaus Spreckels will be back from
his trip abroad, and the forms of the pro
posed $6,000,000 bond issue will then be
decided upon, and also the details relative
; to their sale.
• — ♦ — •
Returned to Town.
D. M. Burns returned home yesterday from
Mexico, where for several months he has been
giving attention to hid mines.
Edward Lanig&n returned yesterday from a
ten days' trip to Paso Robles.
John McCarthy, president of the Occidental
Club, has returned from a stay in San Benlto
County.
Tbe Divorce Court.
Alice M. Machomich was yesterday granted
a divorce from James 11. Machomich because
of the latter's desertion and failure to pro
vide. Judge Hebbard made tne decree.
Bora Schiller was also granted a divorce
from Charles F. Schiller because of extreme
cruelty. The custody of the minor children
was awarded to the plaintiff.
HEW TO-DAY.
________
SA FEW
OF OUR
Specialties
~sk&» GUT PRICES
. Oar Customers. U V I I ill U!■ W
Trusses (all kind 5)......... $160
Elastic Stockings... '2 50
Abdominal Supporters 2 50
Obesity 8e1t5....:............... 2 50
Ear Horns :.............................?1 50, 500
Politzer 8ag5...... ■ 160
Galvanic or Faraaic Batteries $5 00 to $25 00
Crutches......... .'.,..:.. 250
Rubber and Plaster Bandages.. All prices
B*arby'B Bed Pans, i $2 25'
Shoulder 8race5....... ............ ......760 to 200
Stomach Tube 5.............. ;...$lOO to 1 60
Ice 8ag5..... 25c to 2 75
Electric Belts $5.00 to $25.00.
Don't pay fancy prices for Electric Belts until
yon have seen ours. Our physician elves consul*
tat ion free. ;; ~s: •■ ':
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 IVEarlLot Street,
South aide, bet. Fifth and Sixth. -
910
MIRTH, BOMBS,
PYROTECHNICS.
Local Frenchmen Celebrate
Their National Holi
day.
FALL OF THE BASTILE.
Nearly Twenty Thousand People
Joined in the Festivi
ties.
ORATIONS IN TWO TONGUES.
The Financial Surplus Is to Be
Donated as Usual to Deserv
ing Charities.
France and her people, delivered from
monarchical tyranny when that mys
terious and cruel fortress — the Bastile —
was captured by the outraged populace
SCENES AND FACES SKETCHED AT THE CELEBRATION OF THE FALL OF iHE BASTILE.
107 years ago, planted a little seed of
enthusiasm which has been growing into
a sturdy Dush ever since. The branches
have spread out over the universe, and
year alter year new blossoms have ap
peared in each locality— brighter, richer
and more radiant than the year before.
The bud taat bloomed yesterday in this
City has been watered for a full year by
the patriotic worship of the home country
in the hearts of 12,000 Frenchmen who
have made this State their home.
They gathered early at the Chutes, out
at the end of the Haight-street line of
cars. There, surrounded by high walls,
they were shut out from distracting
scenes of their everyday American life.
Red, white and blue bunting floated
everywhere; bands of selected musicians
discoursed "La Marseillaise," "Partant !
Pour la Syrie," "Les Girondins" and
other patriotic airs. The speaker, whether
in English or in French, told and retold
the horrors of the revolution of 1793 pre
cipitated by the cruelties perpetrated by
monarchical despoti-m through its main •
engine— the Bastile. They lingered long
aud fondly on the day of reckoning when
France W&? cleansed of the oppressors by
a bath of blood.
During the day 4000 people listened to
the orators. They remained and wit
nessed a great theatrical performance by
the vaudevi le performers of the Chutes j
and a quartet of "clodoche" dancers from
the Orph'-um. Three brass bands en
livened the hours and the trolley was
tripped, the chutes were shot, the scenic
railway wasridden clear into the wee small
hours, while the dancing progressed in
the pavilion.
The niglit contingent, 15,000 strong, was
present. Ihere is no foreign festival the
Americans seem to pet well- appreciate as
the one held yearly here in commemora
tion of the Fail of th Bastile.
In the midKt of the festivities there
was a sud'en gloom, however. It was
vaguely hmtd at ti.at President Faure |
of France had been assassinated. Anxious '
inquiries were made in all direction;- and !
only when it was learned that the Presi- I
dent was still alive and that the would-be ',
assassin was in the toils did the fun go on.
The presidents of all the French so
cieties of this City were seated on the
raised piatform in the new pavilion, where
the speechmaking was done.
Sylvain WeiJl, r resident of the flay, in
troduced the speakers each in his turn,
first, however, addressing the audience '
quite briefly.
He thanked the representatives of the
various French organizations, the com
mittee ol arrangements and the en- :
tire French oolony for the success they
bad achieved. H<? »poke of tue patriot
ism they had displayed and closed with a
well responded to request of "Vive la Re- j
publique."
E. Pezzoli, acting for Con&ul de France |
Lalande, who is in Europe at the present
time, also spoke briefly.
Miss Lucy Fichter sang the "Star-span- j
gled Banner" with a chorus by members j
of La Lyre Francaise. The singers were: I
J. B. Perron (leader), L. Godon, F. Lafaix,
J. B. Gere, J. Geraut, L. Figeac, X. La
ferere, J. Lanot, E. E^peranee, F. La
grange, C. Ehrer. E. Limoies, P. Borde
nave, C. Dupain, J. Lassere, A. Caderel,
M. Marion, J. Liurette, P. Combabalade,
A. Grange, B. Cougot, J. M. Mialocq. J.
Soulage, J. P. Pon, A. Geranckl, J. La
bartha and J. Poujades.
Professor E. Kuowkon, who was down
on the programme to deliver the English
oration — "Le discours en Anglais* — of
the day, was next introduced and spoke
as follows:
Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen: One
hundred and seven years ago to-day the
patriots of France glorified history by an im
mortal deed. On this day which we vow cele
brate those noble heroes added a new anni
versary to the deathless calendar of freedom.
That Illustrious date blazes forth over the
swelling tides of time a very Pharos ol liberty.
Through more than four dark and deadly
centuries the massive walls of the grim dun
geon of despotism had frowned upon freedom,
outraged the rights of man and blasphemously
detied the very justice of heaven itself. But
justice woke at last; freedom rallied. That
eventful morning witnessed the long-delayed
dawning of the day of doom.
Led by the more than noble Lafayette, who
seemed to walk that day arm in arm with the
Goddess of Liberty, himself her worthy mate,
her furious sons aud daughters marsha.ed
their indignant hosts, struck one tremendous
blow and the Infamous Bastile fell. Freedom
triumphed! Liberty was avenged!
Up to that immortal hour the gloomy dun
geons of tyranny had deepened ever lower ana
lower toward that hell which had infernally
inspired the diabolical deeds they had wit
nessed. But those fateful moments had no
sooner sped than the noble column of July
planted its firm feet upon the shattered ruins
of the stronghold of despotism and proudly
lifted its head toward that heaven which in
spires and rewards every loyal champion ot
liberty.
This auspicious year stands proudly forth a
gleaming milestone at the side ot freedom's
upward way. It marks the close of the first
quarter century of the third French republic.
Leaning upon it the young republic cheers
herself with a thankful review of the provi
dential way over which she has come. Girding
her loins with the conscious strength of vipor- i
ous youth, grown wise through bitter lessens I
of neediul experience, intently watchful of I
present dangers, regardful of the wisest coun
sel of her patriot sages, cautious, rei-olute, '
hopeful, she rightly looks hopefully forward
to years— nay, ratner centuries, let us believe
— of ever-growing glory under constantly in
creasing liberty.
Ladies a:id gentlemen of France and Amer
ica, brothers and sisters in the one great world
wide family of freedom, your speaker is more
than proud to stand with you hsre to-day.
Your most cordial reception seems well-nigh
an adoption. It makes him one with you, one of
you— almost as French, as you yourselves. It re
minds him that the American State ol his
birth took its name (Maine) from one of the
fairest departments of your own fair native
land.
Aud you are more American than he is
French. Tnough thoroughly French by physi
cal birth or inherited blood, you have a new
birth, a higher birth. You are not only politi
cally naturalized but spiritually re-created by
that second and far higner birth— that of your
own personal choice ol freedom and your own
individual, enthusiastic, soulful adoption of
liberty.
Whence we may have come matters little.
What we are, what we love, whom we serve
that means much ; that signifies all. Whether
born east or west of the broad Atlantic, among
(be sunny vineyards of fair France or upon the
broad Pacific Slope of vast America we are all
one here to-day. We are all blended, welded,
fused into one great united enthusiastic fam
ily oi freedom by that fierce spiritual flame
which liberty only can kindle and that ouly
upon the aliars of the noblest hearts and the
loftiest souls.
Any Aaier:can, then, may— nay, he should
most heartily rejoice, as this one does, in the
honor conferred by your committee in thus
making him one of yourselves. He is more
than glad to express the delight which Ameri
can : atriotisin feels in the valiant loyalty of I
France. Our patriotism most heartily" stnkes
hands with yours in the establishment and the
firm maintenance of the world wide liberty, that
international and interracial fraternity and
that universal human equality ever as dear to
American hearts as to French.
This swiftly fleeiing occasion affords oppor
tunity ail too brief for the entertainment and
tbe expression oi ti'ose stirring recollections,
thost.- animating considerations and those
most inspiring suggestions which crowd in
upon us. Could any single vnce worthily
convey one tithe of the loya. thoughts and the :
patriotic ieciings which n'.l our minds and !
swell our hearts in an hour like this that v.. ice 1
must pour forth a tide oi most impassioned
eloquence which' would overflow the most
Capacious chainiels of human speech and far
surpass tue utmost power of earthly expre*.
■ion.
We have met to think and speak of France-
France the fair, the sunny, the beautiiul, the
romantic, the heroic, land of bound ess ro
mance, of unparallelea viciistiudes, of stu
pendous misior'.ane, oi glorious achievement,
of irrepressible enthu.si -.sui, ol marvelous
elasticity, of wonderful recuperation, the
prodigy of the centuries, the delight of the
u&'ii' as.
More than 2000 years of her authentic his
tory have erowd-.-d themselves so full of grand
deeds and of sub, line events thai ten times
th<- scanty moment* of tnis flying hour could
hardly suffice to iia'.alogue even the tithe of
their surnasbing number. Her celebrated men
and women— aud th'_- greut deeds whicn made j
them so— have illustrated and exemplified
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
all the noblest possibilities of human per
formance. All that man may do her sons have
accomplished; all that woman may be her
daughters have become. Fame can show few
rolls, indeed, that do not bear, across the very
top, the world-known names of illustrious
sons and daughters of France.
In this joyful— yet almost solemn — moment
of annual retrospect what waves of tenderest
yet must inspiring memories roll in upon us!
What floods of spirit-stirring recollections
sweep over our souls! What oceans of nenti
ment, wiae as time and deep as eternity, neave
and swell within our throbbing hearts! What
tides of aspiration break in billows of resolu
tion aloi.g every trembling shore of our in
most beingl
Hand in hand with memory imagination
stalks slowly down the broad t>athways of his
tory. Contemplating her country's noble
record she rightly swells and exults with high
and honorable pride. Musing upon tbat
record she gathers thence the most stimu- j
lating lessons of the loftiest emulation.
Within the hearts of her loyal youth she
kindles the flame of patriotic determination.
Lives of great m» n all remind them
They can make their lives sublime.
Then memory sharply spurs them with the
trite old adage, "What man has done may J
do," and the still small voice of rising ambition
within each youthful, loyal, noble heart res
ponds: "All that man has done I can and
will— and more!"
But memory stops not here. She Introduces
philosophy. Down those illustrious pathways
we shall not have descended far beiore their
momentous lessons begin to dawn upon even
the dullest comprehension. Pnilosophy teaches
more powerfully by example. More and more
she impresses upon us that error and evil limit j
and defeat themselves— that God surely rules j
among the nations of the earth— that the
Eternal never abdicates his throne of thrones. :
And she makes us see that the King of Kings ■
gives to each nation its own peculiar and |
appropriate work in his own great, unchang
ing, far-reaching scheme of human develop
ment. And, best of all for our own satisfaction
and encouragement, we shall come to see, with
even greater clearness, that the supreme Ruler
of mankind specially honored France with the
most difficult yet distinguished duty of civiliz
ing and humanizing the European world.
In the deliberate and progressive fulfillment
of this most high and honorable destiny, what
an instructive and inspiring record has been
hers! What other nation of all the world,
what other people of all time, has ever known
a history filled with events so startling,
crowded with autnentic records of actual
occurrences so far eclipsing the highest
imaginations of the most fertile authors of the
most sensational romance?
In no other land or history shall we find
more continuous precessions of the irost
remarkable political, civil or military events
nor a more constant and opportune appear
ance of those distinguished, masterful charac
ters who create human destiny and control
human history. In no other land will it more
plainly ap; ear that the lives of these few great
ones form — if we may so phrase it — the warp
ot history whose woof-threads are the myriad
lives of tne Vast unnoticed masses— the great
"thira estate."
More than twenty centuries ago the ances
tors of France march in upon the field of
authentic history. Then, as now, the record
of the times prows all the brighter for their
presence. In those far-off days they were
hardly more than pagan Gauls, under Druid
priest*. Yet even then they displayed the
same ready excitability, prevalent impatience,
predominant impulsiveness, Irrepressible en
thusiasm, unconquerable cheerfulness, habit
ual courtesy and dauntless bravery which
still characterize their remote descendants.
Their volatile restlessness made them in
stinctively and most naturally the pioneer
emigrants of their age. While they may not
have colonized as extensivelynor as remotely
as the wond-itivading Romans, they did so
much more happily for themselves and the
people among whom they went. Along the
sunry slopes of the Mediterranean they thickly
colonized, then swarmed over the Pyrenees
Their sunny ways and kindly manners gained
the hearts of the natives, with whom ther
mingled and intermarried. When too greatly
troubled by warlike neighbor* they caled in
the help of the Romans. Like the greatest
Roman, they "came, they saw, they con
quered." But, unlike him, they won by
genial, hearty ways, stayed where they had
conquered and ruled for fully half a thousand
years.
Time forbids to tell how their cities— such
as Marseilles, Lyons and, notably, Paris
became centers not only of trade and govern
ment but of learning and general culture. It
is pleasant to note that in the fine art of
rhetoric Gaul furnished teachers even to
classic Rome herself.
And one must also forego the pleasure of
speaking at any length of Mich heroes as
Charles Martel, the "Hammer of France,"
who pounded the invading Saracens into
hopeless defeat, then merciiesßly hammered
them quite beyond the borders of his country
Hiid saved not only France but Europe for
civilization and Christianity.
And what military hero lias ever surpassed
his worthy and even greater grandson, Churle
magne, conducting more than fifty military
expeditions agai:nsi twelve rn-iuhboring na
tions, winniiuT every buMle, vanquishing every
nation and deservedly receiving the title "B'ic
cc-sor of tbe Caesars"? H*d they called him
'•Surpasser of the Caesars"— the never-surren
dering—history would have fully justified the
honor.
The closing moments admonish us to brev
ity. This audience needs no reminding of the
honesty, the courage and the eloquence of
Gamb»tta; the calmness, wiMinm and change-
Icss fi-mness at the venerable Tliiers; the en
erpy. bravery aud impetuosity oi the soldierly
MncMahou; ttu- diligence, dignity and moder
ation of tne imperturbable Grevy; the enter
prise, execut.ve uoiiiiy. but "unfortunate
ex)'en.«iveness of Keiry; the h-reditary :
larity, personal integrity mid charactt -
co-.iriesy of S:»di-Cnrn>>t — nnd how may one fit y
speak oi Boulanger, whom the people idolized,
but whom the sounder >ense of hi* nation
dared not trust with the highest office, and
whose lamentably pathetic end all must ever
sincerely deplore ?
• Of .,, tae Present : honored President . wisdom
hardly ventures to speak until his record, too,
has passed into history. His ability, and
patriotism encourage and justify the predic
tion that his niche in the temple of fame will
l ho^i an occupant fully worthy to rank with
his distinguished predecessors.
And now, ladies and gentlemen of France
and of America, , permit one valedictory
thought : The splendid tri-color of the French
public and the glorious star-spangled ban
ner of America proudly display the same red,
white and blue. . They are the eternal colors of
freedom— the ties of liberty and of that gra
cious heaven which gave us both J :
Alike in color, may they ever be • one in des
tiny. Hand to hand, shoulder to shoulder,
heart to heart,', may your : and our soldiers of
freedom rests tlessly bear them to ceaseless vic
tory until they shall triumphantly tread be
neath their conquering feet the lifeless corpse
of earth's last tyrant, liberty's final foe. .
_ Under this sign they «hall surely conquer.
By the stern arbitrament of the sword, if need
be, they shall demonstrate to the laggard na
tions that "All men are created equal,", and
that "Government of the people, by the people
and for the people shall not perish from the
earth." . ■ ■
President Weill then introduced the
Rev. E. J. Dupuy, who delivered the
French oration, which translated is the
following:
Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen: We
might as on the evening of July 14, 1789,
place here a great placard bearing the
words, which have since become famous,
•'Here we dance." Yes, this evening we shall
dance. But as they dance how many young
folks will think of the emotions which must
have made the hearts of the Parisians beat
upon that memorable summer evening in
1789. ■
It is fitting to recall in a tone more grave
all the precious things that this great epoch
includes for us, all the potent wealth, moral
aud Intellectual, which sprung from it tending
toward the progress and uplifting of our fair
France. ./ -■ .
It is not for as to retrace for you the scenes
of the revolution, of that heroic tragedy. The
voices of others have done this at former cele
brations. But at this hour we rejoice at the
opportunity offered us to speak several words
In behalf of our France, so resolute and so
grand, aespite what critics and the envious
may say.
The extraordinary uprising of the human
conscience in the sixteenth century, which
was the forerunner of a movement of religious
reform, was the first enfranchisement of man.
Liberty of conscience, the right of the in
dividual to his personal convictions and
free examination, these were its immediaie
fruits. The people were in bondage and the
despotic yoke of monarchs and of emperors
weighed heavily upon them, denying to them
that which they wire compelled to demand,
weapons for their hands. The future was dark,
o'erca^t with shadows. Through wars, expedi
tions, catastrophes and famines, men lived
and died without true hope of deliverance it
seemed. But patience! Slowly there formed
in the breasts of the French people a current,
an irresistible current, which ever-widening
flows until finally unrestrained, raging and
blind in its impetuosity, it sweeps everything
before it, inundating the old monarchy in a
deluge of blood.
The second date, ever to be celebrated, the
second extraordinary uprising which endowed
humanity with political liberty— this is the
French Revolution.
To France belongs the matchless honor of
having dared to place its hand upon the vener
able royalist traditions— to France belongs the
glory of having established once for all the
rights of man.
This was the dawning of a new era. From
this epoch date the wondrous displays of the
French spirit. For we are bold in defending
in this day that imperishable crown <.f patriot
ism, pure tnil generous beyond measure.
The influence oi France, at least in the
eighteenth century, had fallen so low that it
seemed to be condemned to the sterile im
potence of a nation in its decline. This influ
ence arose, increased, astonished the world
ami ['laced Itself over all, in all domains of
politics, science, letters, economics, art or
morals.
Behold the pleiadett of great minds, created,
so to speak, by the revolution of 1789. The
necessity of lacing the coalition of monar
chical Europe, prolific of legislators, of gen
erals, of men of learning, educators and
orators. The spirit takes wiisp, and when the
tri-colored standard, so dear and so glorious,
floated before the stranger, it was the visible
sipn of French prowess— the emblem of a
higher courage.
Revolutions are only good when they pro
duce an evolution toward progress. Revolu
tions are acceptable wh-n they end by per
mitting a people to reconstruct what they aave
demolished. Our revolution brought about
the reconstruction of a powerful France, of a
Fr.mce which deservedly holds its place in the
fir>t rank.
However, let us go a little further forward.
During al 1 this nineteenth century the great
work, peaceßLle and beneficial, has been
continued. The ambition of a Napoleon, the
narrowness of a Charles X have endured only
for a time, and pood sense, which Is so char
■eteristtc <A the Frenchniuu, has taken the
ascendant. Even th? follies and the blame
worthy escapades of a Bouianger regime have
not .'■uceeeded in turning the people from their
path. Progre>6 has b^eu made, slowly, surely,
depite tin- irises, formidable at times, or the
dangerous setbacks that have been encount
ered.
We are not, however, disposed to utter pane
gyric to excess a. id resplendent patriotism
should not suffer itself to be blrnded by an
absurd chauvinism. As a people we have
great faults. Instability Is not the least of our
fallings. Is it inexplicable that the French
people, so generous and so prompt to embrace
the cause of the weak or tne oppressed should
be cnangt abli- and mobile? II we remember
that during long years th'S Nation had not the
right of being its own master, ii we consider
that full and entire liberty came to them sud
denly, even before they had the time to ac
custom themselves to it, that their dream was
realized at the moment when th«y least
expected it. we easily understand that there is
a boldly manifest necessity of seeing, of grasp
ing, of changing and of attempting. To-day
the present is a guarantee to us of the future.
"There must soon be a change of govern
ment" hRs been heard time and again. "The
French must make a chauge every twenty
years." This is not so. The republic has been
installed during the past twenty-five years
and in her peaceful strength, grandeur and
dignity we point to her with pride.
France is oound to grow greater and more
majestic through her natural resources. She
Is in the world like a brilliant light. In art,
for instance, French masters are the creators
of schools. Whether on canvas or cut in
stone her masterpieces hold the first places in
the salons of the world. Her David, the
Gericault, the Vernets, the Meissonier, the
Corot, the Milet, the Gerard, the Rude, the
Carpeaux, without naming others, are for
evermore Inscribed on the tablets of human
ity.
In literature there is Victor Hugo, Lamar
tlne, de Musset, Leconte de Lisle; in history,
Michelet, Mignet, Tliiers. Uuizof; writers,
Balzac, Georges Sand) Alexandre Dumas and
Flaubert; In sciences, Leblanc and Cdevreul,
to Pasteur and Roux.
We have heard said that the Influence of
our dear France is waning. Not so. Stronger
it is growing daily. Emerging from the terri
ble setback of twenty-five years ago with
wonderful vigor she surprised the world. In the
heart of the Frenchman there is certainly a
moral force which only needs to be calfed
upon.
TWAS EVER THUS.
How a Prlnceas Called Down Another
Woman 2500 Years Ago.
Twenty-n ve hundred years ago a princess
of the royal family of Assyria wrote a let
ter to a lady of the imperial court, in
which the latter was haughtily rebuked
for presuming to use the familiar title of
"sister" in addressing the royal lady.
Yesterday in Baltimore an English trans
lation of this letter was published by the
Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Christo
pher Johnson has been working for some
time to puzzle out the dignified terms in
which oue woman of those ancient days
rebuked another.
The letter was not written with ink upon
a sheet of tinted paper, as would be done
by a fair dame of to-day, but was inscribed
in cuneiform characters upon v tablet of
baked clay. It is in thirteen lines, and
the royal lady did not waste words to ex
press her comtempt at the other's imper
tinence.
The tablet was written only a few years
before the destruction of Nineveh and the
overthrow of the Assyrian empire, which
ia generally placed by historians as having
occurred in 606 B.C. It is one of the few
remains ol that period which u&ve come
down to the scholars of the present day.
It was discovered a score or more years
ago and many Assyriologists have tried
their hand at a translation.
Dr. Johnson in working upon it did not
have the original tabiet, but a picture of
it. The royal lady who wrote the letter,
or who probably dictated ii. to her scribe,
was the Princeas Sheruaeterat, a grand
daughter of the famous Assyrian monarch
Asurbanapal, called Sardanapalus Dy
Green writers, who in addition to being a
great conqueror was the founder of an ex
tensive public library and a patron of
literature and the ans. Tne letter is trans
lated by Dr. Johnson:
Message ol tae King's daughter to Asshur-
Snarrat. Thou dost not properly address thy
letter sent to me, nor use the title to me be
fittiug thy station. People might say, "Is she
the sister of Sheruaeiemt, the eldes: daughter
of Ashur-etil-ilani-ukinni, ihe great King, the
mighty King, King of hosu, King of Assyria?"
Bui thou art only the daughter of the »i*HUi;h
ter-in-law of the wife of Asurbanapal, eldest
son of Esarhaddon, King of Assyria.
Dr. Johnston suggests that this last sen
tence was probably a crushing blow to the
recipient 04 the letter, as the peculiar ex
pression "daughter of the daughter-in
law of Asurbanapai's wife" was most
likely a reference to some delectable bit of
court scandal in the famous Asiatic em-
Eire. The doctor also said that the re
uke was a perfectly proper one from what
is known to-day of Assyrian etiquette in
letter writing.
"If the lady, Asshur-Sharrat, addressed
the Princess as sister without being so re
lated," said ne, "she certainly committed
a gross breach of etiquette and was guilty
of an impertinence which richly merited a
rebuke. Even if she were actually tier sis
ter it is doubtful whether she could nave
so addressed the eldest dauehter of the
sovereign family. We find a Prince speak
ing of his father as 'the King, my Lord,'
but never as 'my father.' And among pri
vate individuals, except in the case of near
relatives, it was the invariable rule to ad
dress each person by his proper title with
the addition of the words "My Lord.' "—
Baltimore Sun.
ROLLING IN WEALTH.
Large Salaries Made by Bayers for a
New York Finn.
The buyers and sellers of some big
houses located in the metropolis are
simply rolling in wealth. At 1 east they
should be, if what a member of a wealthy
tobacco firm, who is in touch with a vari
ety of interests here, tells me is true, and
his word goes in good company. "One of
our salesmen," said this gentleman to
day, "has for several years averaged at least
$30 000 a year, counting salary and com
mission. * He virtually controls our big
customers, one of the best being in San
Francisco.
"Of course his is an exceptional case in
the line of trade referred to, but there are
other sellers in this town who discount
him. I know a few wine men who spend
more than that amount booming their
brands, aud the wine business isn't what
it used to be Dy a long shot. One agent
here was given $80,000 a year to blow in
on tbe brand he handles. And be made
it show. Of course, he coined money for
his house and Himself, too. He's a rich
man now.
"Another foreign house allows its agent
$1000 a week, and he easily gets away with
it. I've seen him coquetting with the
waiters in the big hotels at Saratoga, and
after he would leave, a lew of the head
waiters there would be wearing a diamond
ring, a pin, or something of tbat sort. He
knows how to plant his money where it
will do the most good. 1 used to be in the
same business myself, but the house I
represented only allowed me $1000 a
month, and I wasn't in it. Still, I man
aged to knock out about $50,000 a year."
After a brief intermission the' man of
affairs resumed: "The men who do the
buying for the big stores here also earn
big money. One who used to be with a
Sixth-avenue house received a salary of
$16,000 a year in addition to a percentage
of the profits of the department he ac
tually controlled. He is now connected
with another firm, and as be made the
change against the wishes of his oJd em
ployers he is undoubtedly making more
money. He's rated at over a quarter of
a million. His case is not phenomenal for
tne amount of money he makes. Borne
lime ago, when a certain dry -goods house
wanted to make a special effort to increase
its business, it caat about in the other
stores for the best talent. The men it
fixed ution received offers of $8000, $10,000
and $12,000 a year to make a change. Of
course all the buyers in the principal dry
goods stores do not command such sala
ries; but taste, good judgment and busi
ness ability cannot be purchased here for
much less. The tendency in the bigger,
newer and more successful houses
is to allow the buyer to have ab
solute control, and to man. ge the
business as if it were hia own. A certain
amount of capital is put at bis disposal;
he is charged with interest upon it and
with his share of the total expenses, and
at tne end of the year he is required to
show a profit of a certain amount upon the
operations of the department. He buys
his goods, advertises them, offers bargains,
and is under only the most general super
vision of the firm. Naturally, men in
whom confidence to such a degree may be
placed are rare, and command a high sal
ary."—New York correspondence of Pitts
burg Dispatch.
The rapid growth of the finger-nails is
said to indicate good health.
Borrow on sealskins, sllksa|ud Jewels at Uncle
Harris. 16 Grant avenue.
PHOENIX CLUB MEETING.
Cruelty and Bad Treatment
on Se-wall's Ships Ex
posed.
The Crown of Thorns on the Sailors'
Brows Pressed With a Tyran
nical Hand.
Scottish Hall on Larkin street was filled
to the doors with an enthusiastic gather
ing of tne members oi the Phoenix Club
last evening.
Before the meeting was called to order
by President T. V. Eddy, several new
members signed the roll, and Secretary
Andy Branch was kept busy receiving
and distributing admission cards to
anxious applicants who desired to become
enrolled.
The executive committee was given full
Dower to act in selectme the uniform to
be worn by the drill c orps. A meeting of
this body will be held at 7:30 o'clock in
Scottish Hall on next Tuesday evening, at
which time those who wish to supply th c
uniforms will have an opportunity of pre
senting their samples.
From the number of names on the drill
corps roster it is evident the Phoenix Club
will have a uniformed company second to
none in the City, and one over which Cap
tain O'Neill will be proud to command.
After the routine business had been dis
posed of Harry H. Hutton was invited to
the rostrum to give his views on the
philanthropy of Arthur Sewal!, the Dem
ocratic nominee for Vice-President.
Mr. Hutton proceeded to compare the
platform adopted by tbe Chicago conven
tion with the millionaire Sewall, who is
the president of a bank and a director
in every corporation and syndicate in
Bath, Me.
He said the Sewall ships were known in
every port in the civilized world as beinc
models of perfection as to construction,
and floating hells of cruelty and starva
tion.
He cited case after case where the em
ployes of the Democratic nominee for vice
president had been arrested and punished
for ill treating their crews. And yet when
this was permitted by the owner of the
vessels, in Bath he was contributing thou
sands of dollars annually to charitable in
stitutions.
If this, said Mr. Hutton, is not pressing
the crown of thoens on the poor laboring
man's brow, he would like to know what
it was.
Mr. Zan, an employer of several work
ingmen, gave his reasons why he would
vote the Republican ticket next November.
Other speakers followed on the same
lines, and with songs and recitations, a
pleasant and instructive evening was en
joyed by those present.
The Beginning of the End.
Something whizzed through the air at a
distance of about ten feet from the bead of
William the Conqueror. "Wasn't that an
arrow?" a>Ked the monarch.
"It was rather too wide for a narrow,"
said the court jester, ana from that mo
I merit his office began to lose its impor
! tance and respectability. — Indianapolis
, Journal.
» • »
Miss Eva Blantyre Simpson, the only
surviving daughter of the late Sir James
Simpson, intends to mark the approach
ing jubilee of her father's discovery of the
application of chloroform for anesthetic
purposes by the issue of his biography.
VARI-CO-CELE
Wasting Weakness, Failing Man-
hood and Nervous Debility
Are Easily Cured by
While yon sleep at night «^,^m^— -^ Dr. Sanden's Electlie
this belt soaks your j»? . TE%^T^-~^T" Belt has a newly pat-
weakened nerves full of - i::? #-i:i : 5^. *nted regulator which
electricity and restores 3?^>^%|g makes the current mild
your health. It is surer .^-f 1 Itg or strong while the belt
•nd cheaper than mcdi- l #S: is on the body. No other
*»««• %ihSf<^ belt made can be regu-
lated.
The disease known as rarfcocele has baffled the medical profession at every turn.
The various attempts to remove it have all proven ineffective, and some of them ™
more injurious than the disease itself. The knife, vacuum, compression and massif
have all been.tried and all failed, and yet Varicocele and its large following of wa*tin-
| weaknesses can be cured. Varicocele , is a congestion of the stagnant blood in th!
reins, with considerable distention of the glands. Electricity will decompose ihl.
congested state and drive the stagnant blood into the circulation, relieving the vHn-
of the weakening strain, at the same time contracting the glands which have *-n-
weak from the disease, thus curing the whole trouble. «row»
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
Becognized by the medical profession as the most scientific method for the am>lie«.tt*w»
of the electric current to the body, and backed by many thousands of cures of vari™.
nervous and chronic cases, is now acknowledged the best means of reachine th. dr^
VMtins disease 6 tv " ar «ao
VARICOCELE.
Its power over this disease is remarkable. Cures have been completed in on*
month, and the worst cases can be reached in three months by this belt As m
evidence of recent results the following 'will^ be interesting: * M
"I would lik« to add my testimony to the numerous others in possession of Dr San
den s ■ Electric Belt Co. I purchased a stron.-power Beit from Dr. Sanden ah nt
the Ist of A^nl, which I used according to directions, and after three months I »«
happy to state tbat my varicocele, which was of twelve years' standing is \\ L nt
entirely disappeared my : testicles being almost normal. ' I take great pleisnS in
recommending the Belt to any one sisff^rinsr from varicocele " Pleasure m
JOHNS, 1139 Market street, San Francisco
:■ "On receipt of your Belt I was requested to report in thirty days and I thLvi'f
let you know how lam getting along. I must say that the ■ result/arS awJv ft
my expectations, aud I now believe in the wonderful power of the Belt I L,- d
improvement all over my body, and especially the vancoce]e, P which before IwS ,h n
belt were large swollen veins, are almost entirely. and completely disappeared fJS \u*
seminal weakness which I have suffered from for a long time lias enUreW S&. * n d th ®
I am now as strong in that particular a I wish to be. I wish you to publish thY, P f-f? d *
that other sufferers may profit by my experience." : • pnousn this letter,
., -, . . , •"' " : N.DAMATO, Penryn, Cal., June 20 1896. .
«i "I . had varicocele and weakness of twenty-six years' standing YonrDr'^™
Electric Belt has cured me." L. L. JACCARD Jeweler! ! San Leaned, CaT**"
M Many other cures can be found by referring to the little ■ book -Three Classes of
Men which can be had free upon application. Those who have tried other treat-
ments will find much of interest in this. book or a visit to the salesrooms of
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M.Vto 8:30 p. M.; Sunday* 10 to 1.
OPFIOE3 AT
LOB ANGELES. CAU ■ J " ■ . ■ - p( . HTIlvn n» ' *
104 Bouth Bro*w V . | wl^Ci ?&«
. NEW TO-PAT. -
Steadies the
Nerves
V of worn-out women and over-
worked men. It is a wonderful
tonic and a non-intoxicating
stimulant, from which there
is no depression or reaction.
Builds up invalids
The strengthening and nerve-
sustaining properties of Vino-
Kolafra have been shown by
such tests as those of the
French Army, the Loomis and
Flower hospitals, New York,
the athletes of Yale, Cornell,
Pennsylvania and other uni-
versities, the Superintendent .
' of the New York Postoffice,..
various government depart-
ments in Washington, and
thousands of physicians.
Sold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
93 William St., New York.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington...... »1000
Sontbfield 960 ....
Genuine Coos Bay 650-Halfton. 850
Seattle. . 8 00^-Half ton. 400
8ryant............ 700-Half ton. 400
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
628 Howard Street, Near First.
Oil ITCHING piles
■ IhbV SWAYNE '
absolutblt CUEBa "I" i nun I
SYMPTOMS— MoI.ture; Intense Itchlnc »n.I
■tinging: moatatulcbt; worse by «i<r-ntclilnc. if
allowed t<> continue tumor* form and protrude, .
which often ble«d and ulcerate, becoming it-»
io«!rB>VAT>E«S OINTMENT otopn the Itehli.*
■nd bleeding, heal* ulceration, and in niaatfaie*
ftßtiea the taaumv Aik toot Drusgiit for Ik rj^JJ&fiS
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
j -!< a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonto for ta9
i •ezual and nrinarr organs of both sexes, and »
j great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and bi* 1-
, der. A great Restorative. Invigoratorand Xervtaa.
I cells on its own Merits— no long-winded t»jU-
toon i His necessary.
SAUIK, .ats * tilil \a;. Agents,
i 323 Market St., S. *'.-(-end for Circular.)IF A CITIZEN,
GO AND REGISTER.
The Rush Has Already
Begun, and Your Time
Is Short.
A DOUBT IS ON HAND.
The City's Registration Record
Was Broken Yester
day.
NEARLY THREE THOUSAND.
The Iroquois Club Test of Precinct
Registration Has Been Aban
doned.
Central office registration ends Au
gust 3.
Precinct registration, which it of
doubtful legality, cloae* August 8.
Register at once, or you ma y not vote.
The rush for registration bas begun.
It will increase, and from now on citi
zens who want to register will be sub
jected to the constantly increasing annoy
ance of waits and crowds.
George H. Francoeur, chairman of the
Iroquois Club special committee on regis
tration, has abandoned the contest of the
legality of precinct registration, which he
had definitely planned four days ago. Mr.
Francceur. the Iroquois Club, the Regis
trar, the Election Commissioners and all
parties interested in registration were anx
ious for a test of the legality of precinct
registration, but nobody has appeared
willing to assume the possible onus that
might attend such a contest.
The consequence appears to be thatfpre
rinct registration will be held by the Reg
istrar from August 3 to August 8.
Many voters will be registered in that
time. There are all sorts of possibilities
that before election an action may be be
gun by somebody to remove from the reg
ister all names added, during precinct reg
istration or that after election somebody
may contest the legality of the election on
the ground that the precinct registration
was illegal.
No citizen's vote will be safe unless his
name is registered on or before August 3,
ana as this is an unusual time before
the election for the close of registration
there is danger that thousands will be dis
franchised.
The registration yesterday broke all rec
ords, amounting to 9798. But ah records
will have to be broken daily from now on
if the lull vote of the City is registered
within the brief time that remains. The
registration for Monday was 2538.
From now on the Registrar's office will
be open each evening from 8 to 10 p. m for
the accommodation of voters.
Every voter who delays registration
risks disfranchigement or lays np added
inconvenience.
POINT LOBOS PROGRESS.
The Improvement Club Has Its
Hands Full of Busi
ness.
Protests Against the Use of Red
Rock in Paving Siventb.
Avenue.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club
held an important business meeting at its
clubrooms on Fifth avenue, near Point
Lobos avenue, last night.
The membership was well represented
and a lively interest was taken in the sub
ject matters of discussion.
A report was submitted by the executive
committee to the effect that the railway
company intended to lay basalt blocks be
tween the car rails on Sixth avenue.
The committee report advocating a pro
test against the using of red rock on
Seventh avenue instead of blue rock, as
per contract, was adopted.
Secretary Johnson's report showed that
the Richmond District Club had stolen
the thunder of the Point Lobos Club in
the matter of the protest against the
bitummizing of Lake street from First to
Second avenues and from Lake to Point
Lobos. He had gotten an ibkling that
the Supervisors intended to prosecute the
proposed work and he had conferred
with Secretary Fletcher of Richmond
district with a view to holding a joint
special meeting. Secretary Fletcher
thought it would be better to wait, but
Mr. Johnson got up an extensively signed
protest, only to find that Richmond was
in ahead of nim.
J. C. O'Connor's motion to establish an
eighth grade at the Richmond School,
Point Lobos and First avenues, was re
ferred to the executive committee for im
mediate action.
The Richmond Banner was recognized
as the official organ of the ciub.
F. T. Newberry, Luke Battles and "W. P.
Johnson were appointed a committee to
look after James Winslow. who fell down
a hatchway.
The committee is still at work on the
Geary -street franchise matter and reported
progress. '.
NEARLY TWO CENTURIES AGO.
Gleanings From a Geography Published
In 1710.
The book says: "In the English colonies
no tax can be imposed without the con
sent of the Assemblies," a fact which it
would have been better had George 111
remembered fifty years later. Enthusiasm
chiefly prevailed in Pennsylvania, "that
country being stocked with Quakers."
Our author attributes such fierceness to the
condor, that he says: "Chile would not be
habitable were that destructive bird less
rare/ As for Jamaica, which was then,
perhaps, our wealthiest colony, the recent
terrible earthquake of 1692 is ; ascribed
"rather to moral than natural cause?, on
account of the abominations of the . in
habitants calling . for judgment „ from
Heaven." The planters are solemnly
warned to care for the despised souls of
their neero slaves and not to believe and
be frightened by the vulgar error that
baptism of. slaves i means •> giving them
freedom. We are assured, on the authority
of eye-witnesses, "that the crocodile of
Haiti, before lying in wait to catch prey,
swallows several hundredweight of pebbles,
by which additional weight he can the
sooner dive with his victim."
Our geographer appends a very clear
tabie of the five great colonial empires of
1716- namely, the Spanish, English,
French, Dutch and Portuguese. It Is im
. ~Wll"ir<Tß 'Wii"lWHiWfi<BirTfii'liia»TlpnTllT6fc ilUWSTWlafllfffEtllWlMls^CfM
possible to glance at this old book without
being struck by the magnitude of the
revolutions which have taken place in the
last two centuries through scientific prog
ress, geographical discovery and politi
cal changes. In 1716 Sweden, Hol
land and Turkey were still regard
ed as mighty factors in European
wars and complications; the Great Mogul
was still considered one of the most pow
erful monarchs of the world, and the em
pire of the King of Spain might still be
described as on* on which the sun never
set Australia, New Zealand and almost
the whole Interior of Africa were blanks,
and the gigantic republic of America un
dreamed of by the most ardent imagina
tion. But the most striking fact of all is,
whether under the Union Jack or the
Stars and Stripes, the stupendous march
of the Anglo-Saxon race.— Chambers'
Journal.
THE LABOR UNIONS.
Many Meetings Are Being Held at 915}$
Market Street.
Bince the Labor Bureau Association has
been at 915J4 Market street the labor
unions have been gradually centralizing
in the new halls fitted up in the premises.
Within the past two weeks Carpenters'
Union No. 483, Plasterers', Painters', Dis
trict Council of Carpenters, Lathers',
Paper-hangers' and Building Trades
Council have decided to meet in the bu
reau's new quarters.
The lronmolders' Union is preparing
for its annual picnic, which will be held
at Sunset Park next Sunday. Many of
the molders will carry with them their old
clothes, as a swift-footed porker, which
wi>l be well creased, has been offered as a
prize to the man who captures it.
The Fraternity of Hotel and Restaurant
Employes met Monday night at the Turk
street Temple, President ired Morf in the
chair. After transacting routine business
the social committee announced that a
generous collation awaited the members
in an adjoining room, to which all were
invited. A good programme was ren
dered.
EQUALIZERS AT WORK,
A Number of Assessments of
Small Property-Owners
Reduced.
The Valuations of Property South of
the Park Are Claimed to Be
Excessive.
The Board of Supervisors began its
labors as a Board of Equalization yester
day morning and listened to a large
number of complaints from small prop
erty-owners. In the majority of cases the
protests were listened to to the extent of
splitting the difference between the Asses
sor's figures and those claimed to be cor
rect by the property-owners. Assessments
were reduced as follows :
Bridget Powers, improvements on Treat av
enue, 220 feet south of Twenty-fourth street,
$2000 to ?1500.
Golden West Building and Loan Association,
lot on Broderick street, $5600 to $4900.
J. W. A. Borland, improvements on lot on
Folsom street, near Ninth, if'ZbO to nothing, on
account of fire.
Hannah Becker, Improvements on lot on
Oak street near Buchanan, $2500 to $2250.
Mrs. Mary Moore, lot on Elizabeth street,
! near Diraond, $1380 to $1200, and lot on
j Elizabeth street, near Castro, $1380 to $1200.
Mary J. Boyd, improvements on lot on Ellis
street, near Larkin, $1400 to $1200.
John Boyd, improvements on lot on Hayes
street, near Buchanan, $3250 to $2950.
C. L. Patton, lot on Fifteenth street, near
Castro, $650 to $500.
Mary E. Farnsworth, improvements on lot
on Laurel avenue, near First avenue, $300 to
nothing; house burned.
Ray \Vertiieimer, improvements on lot on
Pacidc street, near Webster, $7500 to $6000.
J. W. and k. Riley, improvements on lot on
i Pierce street, south of Page, $3500 to $3000.
To-day has been set for tne hearing of
the banks and other big corporations who
have sent in protests against their assess
ments.
Some of the property-owners south of
the park will appear before the board in
order to get a time appointed when they
may protest against what they consider
| the excessive valuation of their property.
They claim to have been assessed from
two to three times more than they were
In 1805 and that the figures are unjust.
Among the protesting property-holders
are 80l Getz, C. \V. Wright, Herman J.
Sadler, Theodore Hittell, Wendell Easton,
Adolph Sutro, John T. Doyle, Dr. John
! Nightingale and others.
Crushed Hii Fingers.
John Gorhey, 441 Union street, a laborer
employed in a stoneyard on Second and King
streets, Lad two of the fingers of his left hand
amputated at the Receiving Hospital yester
day by Dr. Weil. He was removing stone
and -when lifting a heavy plinth it slipped and
crushed his fingers.
Got Six Mouths.
The charge of burglary against James Mackey
was reduced to petty larceny in Judge Joach
imsen's court yesterday and he was sent to
the County Jail for six months. Last Thurs
day he broke into the electrotype works of W.
Filmer on Bansome street and stole $12 worth
of type metal.
Retiring From Business.
The Doernbecker Furniture Manufacturing
Company, which was a heavy loser In the re
cent Fourth-street fire, although the loss is
said to be covered by insurance, desires to
wind up its affairs, and so has applied for the
appointment of a receiver.
To Qniet Title.
Lillian J. Savage has filed a suit against
Public Administrator Freese et aL, to quiet
title to lots 11, 12 and 19 in the Fairmouat
Tract. ______________
GERMAN IDEAS ON DUELING.
A Lame Defense in Which Even Scrip
ture Is Quoted.
A significant contribution to the dueling
question in Germany has been published
in the official "Milit&r-Wochenblatt." The
writer divides his article into two sections,
dealing respectively with the "idea of honor
and the employment of the duel for its
rehabilitation," and with the conflict be
tween the practice ana Christian princi
ples. As to the first point, he argues
that a distinction must be drawn between
"external and internal" honor.
The latter, which is a good conscience,
cannot be taken away; but the former,
which is the recognition of one's personal
worth by others, must be defended at all
costs. It is by staking one's life for this
honor, when impugned, that its rehabili
tation is possible. The innocent man who
falls in a duel has gone to his deatn as it
were for the sake of his honor, while the
guilty person has restored his honor ex
ternally and must settle tne rest with his
Maker. The author then proceeds to de
ciare that the officers' corps possesses a
peculiar sort of honor wnich is closeJy
connected with its martial profession.
In war the officer's duty is to lead his
men into the jaws of death, and the fear
of death which seizes even the bravest can
only be overcome by holding fast in time
of peace to the principle "death before
dishonor." Herein lies the educational
value of the duel for the officers. They
may never fight one, bat they know that
they must be ready to ao so in certain
circumstances. "We are accustomed," he
adds, "to retain well-tried methods and do
not intend to sacrifice them to well-meant
but false theories." The writer then
qnotes and expounds a large number of
passages from the Bible, and by dint of
twisting and turning proves to bis own
satisfaction that the practice is not forbid
den by Christianity.— New York Post.
• — « — •
On the death of a person in Madrid it ir
the general custom to close for nine days
one of the outer doors of tb&t person's
late residence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
PROVIDING A
HOME FOR BOYS
Opening of the New Head
quarters on Taylor
Street.
HISTORY OF THE IDEA.
■
Outgrowth of the Newsboys'
Home Founded by A. C.
Stevens.
THE BOYS ARE ENTERPRISING.
Conduct a Photographic Studio, the
Proceeds of Which Go to the
Home.
Nearly a hundred visitors thronged the
rooms of the "Boys' Training Home," 409
Paylor street, last night, at the re
ception with which the home was
apened. While the organization is not
really a new one, being tbe out
growth of the Newsboys' Home formed
i»y Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Stevens, last night
was the first time that the organization
bas received its friends under its new
name.
D. M. Carman, who is one of the chief
promoters of the enterprise, and Mrs. M.
Jackson, the lady manager, both live at
the home and care for the six or seven
boys who sleep in the dormitory. Within
the next few weeks, when the home is in
better running order, the number of boys
etaying there will be increased consider
ably.
Besides the boys who live at the bonfe
some twenty-five or thirty boys regularly
visit the rooms, where there is a library,
reading-roomß and carpenter-shops. A
gymnasium will also be fitted out. Every
Thursday evening social entertainments
will be held, consisting of a musical and
literary programme and refreshments.
These entertainments will be held under
the auspices of tbe Ep worth League Alli
ance, whose officers, John Martin, presi
dent, Miss Speakman, secretary, and Miss
Thielman, treasurer, all take a lively inter
est in the institution.
One of the most prominent features is the
photographic studio, which is conducted
by two of the boys, a#d the profits of
which go to the support of the home.
Fred Hulsman and Philip Carman man
age tbe photograph studio and conduct it
in a most business-like manner.
Besides tbe prospective gymnasium, a
number of educational classes and a print
ing office will be established in the future.
The boys will print a paper, the Pacific
Youth, and ultimately will edit and
manage it entirely by themselves.
Besides reports of the work last evening
by A. C. Stevens and D. M. Carman, there
were al-o musical selections by Charles F.
Graeber's mandolin class and a recitation
by Mrs. Cuamberlin. The visitors were
generous in their donations and a table
was loaded down with the miscellaneous
contributions.
Following are the trustees of the home :
Isaac Uphain, I. J. Truman, J. Dalzell
Brown, W. M. Bunker, A. C. Stevens.
The advisory board consists of the fol
lowing-named persons:
Judge James M. Troutt, F. B. Peterson, J. A.
Wiles, George S. Montgomery. H. E. Wilkin.
son, H. E. Snook, D. M. Carman, Rev. E. R.
Dille, D.D., Rev. M. M. Gibson, Rev. M. P.
Boynton, Rev. William Rader, Rev. w. A.
Gardner, Mrs. A. C. Stevens, Mrs. J. TJ. Beard,
Mrs. M. Mem, Mrs. Martin Jones, Mrs. J. A.
Campbell. Mrs. I. J. Lenman, Mrs. George T.
Gaden, Mrs. R. L. W. Davis, Dr. SaraE. Wise.
ASHWORTH'S STATEMENT.
Details of Street Department
Work for the Fiscal
Year.
A Surplus Left— Some Suggestions es
to Laws That Should Be
Passed.
Superintendent of Streets Asbworth fin
ished bis annual report of the transactions
of his department yesterday and aeut tbej
same to the Board of Supervisors.
The document, which is a volnminoas
type-written affair, sets forth every con
tract which has come under the jurisdic
tion of his office, and the financial status
of each.
It shows that during the past fiscal year
there have been constructed in this City
over six miles of bituminous rock pave
ment, over two and a half miles of basalt
rock pavement, one-eighth of a mile of
cobble pavement, one and one-third miles
of brick sewer and about nine and a half
miles of ironstone pipe sewer.
The amount of new street work accepted
during the year is given as nine miles,
making a total of 152 miles now in use.
Mr. Asb worth says tbttt a law should bo
passed permitting the bondsmen of con
tractors to take up and finish jobs left un
finished by the latter, in order to protect
themselves from loss.
He devotes considerable space to the
condition of streets bordering on the
water front, which he declares to be in
very bad condition and in need of imme
diate attention. Coming down to finances,
the Superintendent telis what has become
of the appropriation of $526,500 voted to
the Street Department by the Board of
Supervisors at the time the last tax levy
was fixed.
The total amount of wages paid out was
$169,190 25: for street sweeping, $115,717 44 ;
for materials for street work, $52,415 23; for
work in front of public property, $11,
-581 69; for work let by the Board of Super
visors, $86,939 39; for work let by the
Superintendent of Streets, $1658 07; for
contract work in front of public parks and
squares, $66,270 96, and for contract work
improving public parks and squares, $21,
-415 19.
Alter detailing some of the improvements
that hare been made in street work during
the year Mr. Ashworth concludes with the
following analytical table of the finances
of the department :
Materials for streets and sewers, $46,369 26 ;
materials for parks and squares, $4544 52;
materials for county roadu, $150145; cleaning
and sweeping streets, $115,717 44; contract
work in front of City property, $11,581 69; con
tract work in front of parks and
squares, $66,270 96; contract work im
proving parks and squares, $21,413 19:
contract work let by Board of Su
pervisors, $86,939 39; let by Superintendent
of Street*. $1058 07; wages on accepted streets,
$70,055 25; wages on cleaning and repairing
sewers, $62,566; wages on parks and squares,
$29,250; wages Con ounty roads, $7319; 10
-tal, $525,188 22. '
This leaves a surplus of $1311 78 in the
Street Department funds. ;
AN AGED STRANGER DIES
Found Fully Dressed and Lying on His
Bed at the Buss House Yes
terday Morning.
G. W. White, 73 years old, was found
dead in his room at the Russ House yes
terday morning. White readied the City
on the morning of July 8, going directly
to the Russ House, where he registered
from Bement. He spent his days visiting
public resorts and places of amusement,
and though never lavish with his money
appeared to have plenty.
Monday night he paid his bill, announc
ing at the time that he intended leaving
the next day. Yesterday morning he ap
peared as usual, and, after walking nround
the office for an hour, repaired to hi«
room.
About 11 o'clocß the chambermaid had
occasion to enter his room, but rinding the
door bolted from the inside, reported the
fact at the office. Later an entrance was
effected and White was found lying on the
bed dead. His coat was thrown carelessly
over a chair, but everything else was in
perfect order. From appearances the de
ceased had suddenly grown tired and had
laid down to snatch a few moments' rest.
White's one piece of baggage, a large
sized satchel, was carefully packed, and
in the bottom was found a purse* contain
sB. There is no such place as Bement on
the Pacific Coast, but there .is a postotfice
bearing that name in Illinois. The author-
I ities at that point were notified of White's
death, but up to a late hour last nisht no
reply had been received. Tae only paper
I found in the room was a receipt from a
I firm in Tuscon, Ariz.
FLINN WHS A TRESPASSER
Judge Campbell Orders Him to
Return Mrs. Ferry's Fur
niture at Once.
His Honor Again Comments Forcibly
Upon the Lack of Usury Laws
on the Statute Books.
The search warrant case of Mrs. E. P.
Ferry of 1107 Bush street against John W.
Flinn, auctioneer, 321 Butter street, was
concluded before Judge Campbell yester
day afternoon, and the Judge made an
order that she should have her furniture
returned to her.
Theodore Kyttler, the artist, was re
called for the defense, but nothing new
was elicited from him. Then 8. Jacobson
was recalled, and he admitted that he did
not instruct Flinn to carry off the furni
ture on July 2. He fenced with the ques
tions put to him, and when taxed with en
deavoring to shield himself from future
actions he cheerfully acknowledged its
truth.
Two teamsters and an employe of Flinn,
who were present when the furniture was
seized and carted away, gave unimportant
testimony, and Attorneys Countryman
and McGowan presented their arguments.
Judge Campbell in giving his decision
said: "Personally I have no feeling in
this matter, and I shall do what 1 regard
as legally my duty, and nothing else.
"From all the facts, written and verbal,
I have no hesitation in saying that Flinn
had no right to go into Mrs. Ferry's house
and take her furniture.
"Men, through avarice and greed, over
look that quality of mercy we hear about.
Hero is a woman straggling hard for an
existence, and on a mere technicality her
furniture is taken from her, although the
note is not due for about three months
yet. In these technical cases men gain
possession of that to which, in equity,
they are not entitled. If the note had
been due the case would have been dif
ferent.
"Let me say, however, that the note is
an iron-clad, unconscionable document,
which I cannot tolerate. The idea ot
charging 3 per cent, compound interest !
'It is simply an outrage. It is all wrong
and contrary to a system of civilized gov
ernment; it is inhuman and unjust and
| the law should not tolerate it. The sooner
I we have a usury law the better it will be
for all concerned, except, possibly, the
; money-lenders.
"I repeat that Flinn was clearly a tres
passer, and if I were a Judge sitting on a
claim for damages against him I should
award a liberal amount. Flinn took away
the property wrongfully, and the goods
must" be returned to Mrs. Ferry at once.
That is my order."
CHAMPAGNE DELUSIONS.
The Sweet Variety I» Acquitted of the
Responsibility for Goat.
Some delusions about champagne—de
lusions, at all events, according to Dr.
George Harley— are dispelled in an article
which that physician has written for the
June number of the Contemporary Re
view. "Young men," he says, ''who pre
fer strength to flavor not only sometimes
add brandy to champagne, but even drink
it iced in the coldest weather. They do
not know that it requires a temperature of j
66 Fahrenheit to bring out in perfection
the more delicate of the vinous aromas of
sparkling •wines. Lord Palmerston was
about ri^ht when he said that he looked
upon the person who boasted that he liked
brut champagne a 9 either a fop or a fool."
Sweet champagne is acquitted by Dr. Har- ]
ley of the responsibility for gout.
Sugar is an indispensable element in the I
production of champagne from its birth
to its maturity. But the idea that sugar
causes eout is scouted by Dr. Harley. Far
sweetef champagne i 3 drunk on the Conti- j
nent than in England. Nevertheless uout i
is a more common disease in this country j
than in any other. Dr. Vaugban Harley, !
while working at the Sorbonne in Pans,
took tnirteen oances of sugar daily until
he completely up*et his digestion, ana
totally failed to induce the disease, al
though he is hereditarily gouty. Proba
bly, says Dr. Harley, the first person who
said that sugar caused gout was a crusty
old gentleman, fond of strongly spirituous
wines, anxious to find an excuse for drink
ing them instead of tne less alcoholic,
sweeter joung ones. The most alcoholic
and acid ones are the chief generators of
gout.— London News.
r — •— •
He Took off Hi* Hat.
H« was only a poor little messenger-boy.
When the young woman stepped into
the elevator on the .first floor it was
crowded with men and the poor little
messenger-boy. .
In an instant the boy s bat was in his
hand.
Rather in a shamefaced way all the men
in the elevator followed suit.
The young woman was not handsome,
but was dashing-looking ana seemed self
possessed. She was neatly attired in a
fashionable bicycle snit.
"You are a little gentleman of the old
school," she said to the messenger, with a
smile of approbation.
The boy looked up at her, took the mes
sage he bad to deliver out of the crown of
his hat. put the hat back on his head and
commenced to wnistle.— New York World.
Tipping,
The advantaees of tipping are lucidly
explained by a New York barber, who ob
serves that in the shops in that city a man
gets no . better.; service by tipping; he
merely gets worse by not tipping.— Boston
Herald. /r : - : 1 '^ ■-. ■.
■► » »
V Tiburzi, . the notorious Sicilian bandit,
enjoyed the distinction of - having been
sentenced to death thirty-seven times. '
H. E. TRUBENBACH
DIES SUDDENLY,
Deceased Was a Director
of the Merchants'
Exchange.
HEAVY BARLEY SHIPPER
Has Been In Business on Clay
Street for Over Twenty
Years.
TROUBLED WITH DIZZY SPELLS
Fell Off the Oakleni Ferry-Boat Some
Weeks Ago In a Fit of
Dizziness.
Henry E. Trnbenbach expired at his
home at 2416 Webster street, this City,
yesterday afternoon at about 1 o'clock
after an illness of only a few hours' dura
tion. Monday night he was in customary
health, and talked with friends about
plans he entertained for yesterday.
Early yesterday morning he awoke his
wife and complained of a queer sensation
in bis head. Soon after this he lapsed into
unconsciousness, and remained in that
condition until he died in tbe presence of
his family, consisting of his wife and two
children. The cause of death was paralysis
of the brain. He had not been thoroughly
well for some time, and he had some dizzy
spells. In one of these spells some weeks
ago he fell off a ferry-boat crossing be
tween Oakland and San Francisco. His
friends had no idea that he would fail to
live many years, and his sudden demise
caused general surprise.
Mr. Trubenbach was largely connected
with the barley trade, being a heavy ship
per. Since 1566, when he arrived at San
Francisco from Australia, he had been en
gaged in the grain business all the time,
with the exception of about two years. He
carried on grain dealings here four years
upon his own account. He then became a
member of the firm of M. Waterman &
Co. and remained twelve years in that
house as a partner. Then he established
the house of Trubenbach & Co. in 1884 or
ISBS, and he continued at one stand, 113
Clay street, to the end. He was a native
of Hanover. He went in early life to
Australia. He was aged about 50 years.
He was a director of the Produce Ex
change and a member of the Merchants'
Exchange and the Hay Association. Per
sonally he was affable and had many
friends.
Bayard's Varied Talents.
Apropos of Embassador Bayard's habit
of monopolizing conversation while at
dinners, receptions or in official inter
course a writer in the New York Tribune
relates that at a certain dinner-party in
Washington Mr. Bayard entertained the
company with his views on a variety of
subjects, including Japan. One of the
guests was a member of the Japanese lega
tion. After listening to Mr. Bayard's
wordy discourse on Japan as long as he
could the artless young Japanese, turning
to his fair neighbor at the table, re
marked: "What a wonderful man is your
Secretary of State! He seems to know
something about everything — except
Japan !"
The total income of the guilds of the
city of London is said to amount to as
much as £750,000 per annum.
NEW TO-DAY.
THJ^OWL
DRUG CO.,
cut-rate
jmggists.
16 TO 1 LB.
Onr scales weigh sixteen ounces to a ponnrt,
and every pound of drugs sold In THE UWL
contains sixteen ounces.
YOUR MONEY
Bays more drugs at THE 1 >\VL than in auv
drugstore in 1 alifornia; Epsom Kalis. 10c
Ib.: Flaxsee,!. 10c Ib.; Witchnazel. 'Jsc pint: Chlo-
ride Lime, 10c ft.; Susrar of Milk, 35c Ib. ; Palne's
Celery Compound, 60c; Hood's Sarsaparllla, 65c;
Syrup of Figs. ;-Ssc; lustoria, "Jsc: J< y's Snrsapa-
rilln. 65c; Mrs. Allen's Female Restorer, 65c:
l*i«Tce's Favorite Prescription, 65c: Pond's Kx-
tract, 35c: Allcock's Porous Plasters. 10c; Rough
on Hals. 10c: 1 an dmn Club Whisky, $1; Scott's
.Emulsion, tSc.
BLEACH YOUR HAIR
With the best Peroxide Hydrogen. Carter's
Is the best, '20c, 40c and TSc a bottle.
CATALOGUE FKEK: 100 pages. Write for it.
THE OWL DRUG CO.,
1128 Market St.. San Francisco.
Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 Sonth Spring St., Los Angeles.
I RS FAIL c o
BOCTOR.SWUNT
No man need suffer; a care is at hand.
Tee weak may become strong, the miser-
able become happy, the disconsolate take
courage. H^re is a doctor whose lifetime
has been given to the study of the ills
that men suffer from, and his practice
has been an unbroken line of successes.
No cuesswoik, no experimenting, bnt a
positive cure guaranteed, promptly and
permanently. Your trouble may ?eem a
secret one. but you cannot Keep it secret
forever. The better way is to confide
your secret to one who will respect your
confidence and give you the help you need.
Every disease of both sexes promptly and
positively cared. Write if you cannot call.
Slail treatment always successful. Friday
afternoons he treats the poor free who
come to the office. Office hours: 9A.M. to
12 m., 2to 5 and 7toBp. m. Sundays 10
a. M. to 12 m. only.
Fl CUfriUV II n ~ 37 Market St..
. L. OYILANi, M. U., San Francisco, CaL
NEW TO-DAT-DBT GOODS. ,
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
150 Pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, regular value $8.00, cut down t0..... <t»£ 00 1)0? l> a j.,
50 Pairs LA PARIS AND MARIE ANTOINETTE CURTAINS, regular value *X A A nfll . p Q :
$8.50, cut down to $iMJV per Tdir
100 Pairs CHENILLE PORTIERES, handsome Dado and Frieze, regular d»Q Aft n A- Poii«
value $4-00. cut t0......... «pO.VU pir Idir
50 DAGHESTAN RUGS, in rich designs, regular value $4.00 each, cut (I*o Art p.iflli
down t0................................ «pd.vu lidlil
1000 Yards of SILKOLINE, regular prices 15c and 20c per yard, cut down 1A« «aj. Ynpjl
REMNANTS OF ALL KINDS AT HALF PRIGL
S2ES SA.BXjA 3ESSZ*^A.3NTOXj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
■vhjXjE3 PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
IMPORTAIIT***
In closing: out my San Jose ■ t*PJL
branch store, and as It Is my de- "■ cTr
sire to open for Fall and Winter VtL
with the finest assortment and itSfiftcfei.
novelties of new woolens now ASgjlsWra
ordered from the many factories, i S. I.1 '.
I therefore offer my entire stock
of Suitings, Tboubebl&gs and J&migzlSS
Overcoating b 9^Wk *~J
REGARDLESS OF COST mSjf
for the next 60 days. This Is a Iff
GENUINE REDUCTION SALE %&
Pants to order, formerly «5, «6, \i\
and $7, reduced to $3.30 | ly
and 94.50. [i t*
Pants to order, formerly #7. *8, '». >a *
and «9. reduced 'to 93.00 "^». i i
a&d*4.oo. >-*
''Strs'C Snlt i.' formerly *17 50. «20 and 125,
{j&A offered sit 813.50 A 815.50,
C. J ' . and all other suitings reduced in
_^,^ like proportion.
jCm~|9k Don't miss this opportunity. Give
fsffvifify, V me a call whether you buy or not.
/CTA#v?Jv» Perfect fit and good workmanship
■KKUH guaranteed or money returned.
V Joe Pohelm, mm
ig IJL 291 and 203 Bant^ooitrj St., cor. Bush, «
li f • 724 and 1110 md 1112 Market St,
I! . 485 Fourt«entirst., F app.'cay^ian.oaJ(land, Cai.
vsjJh^cl, SOS and (05 X St., Sacramento. Cal. ;
» ' 143 South Spring St, Los Angsics, CaL
PRIVILEGES.
HOME *■ PRODUCTS EXPOSITION !
— SIVBSf BT— — ' V -"•*.'
The Mechanics' Institute and the Manu-
facturers' and Producers' Association.
Opens September 1, 1896.
Bide for the following Kxc'uslve Privileges will
be -received by the Committee until August 4,
1896, at 8 p.m.: '
Tokeep a Restaurant; to keep a Tamale Bps-
tanrant; to sell Icecream, i-oln Water. Lemonade,
Cider,- Root Beer. Ginger Ale. Candy, Chewing
Gum, Pop Corn, Perfumery. Soap, Canes, Optical
Goods, Jewelry, £bells and Shell Goods.
Any desired information may be obtained at the
office. 31 Post street. Trustees reserve the right
to reject any or all bids.
OSCAR LEWIS,
■ ..■•-.-«. GEORGE R. PKESSO
P. J HEALY,
.Management Commute*.
" fF3 ' Chlche«t*r'» Baalish Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P -<»^V - Orlctasl and Only A
///•KA «»re, ilwits rellmbl*. ladies uk rs\
A^L^ivi Drnfrlit for CkicMutsrt English Dla-£A\
kWtS^St&moHd Brand in Bed *o4 (-"Id meullic\\j^
*S^ .^AH*3boxes. Mxled with blue, ribbon. Take VST
1?1 **^ vi-fno other. Jt*fu*t dangerous tvbuit*- V .
I / ~ fjf tier* and imitation*. At DrngKics, »r «nd 4*.
I W JAr In lUmpi far partlci»iari, teatißCßlkU and
\V* 0 "K«Uef for I.ortte*." in lettv, fir retain
-X • If HalL 10,000 T»«ti««nl»H. Kmmt Paper.
. > — • " / Cli loh eMt-r Ca emlcal Co.,lisd l.o» Sq naF«,
laX »■« -q Loe«l Dmegist.. ?ttH»4-v. Pa.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SIX FRAKCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St. .
: San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A.M.; 13:31
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11 :S0 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips as 1:M
and 11:30 p. it. ■ ■
SCNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00,6:20 p.m. — T
. San Kafael to San Francisco.'
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a it-
-12 3 :40, 5 :10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:65 p. at. and 6:35 p. ic.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:36. 11:10 a. k.; 1:40, 3:49,
6:00, 6:25 p. m. . .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
San JTranclsco. j^rU^! Ban Arrive
Ban franclsco. jt prii ?? Ban
. Wmh I Sun- i... 1 ,^!,,- Suv- i wm"
Days. | pays. ■"Mtlnatioa^ PAYS . | DAY a.
7 :30 am ; 7:30 AM Xo vato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm: 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
•••■ - ■ "~ j Fulton, j
.30 am - Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbnrg,
- . Geyser vllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
~~~! "~ Heta, i I ■-• .• • -■ .
7:30 AM ■ - Hopland & 10:10 AM
B:3opm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 PMJ 6:16 pm
7:30 Alt i •■■-■ . I ~~~" -■■■ 10:10 am
,7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30
3:30 pm| . | . . 6:15 pm
7:30 am ) 7:60 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
':,-- • — and • ':.- >-*'W*jr<.x-,
6:10 Pit; 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:»o am| .tnaol 110:40 am 1 10:10 am
B:3OPMiS:OOPM| SepMtopoL [ tf;OS PM j 6:15 p><
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Marie West
Springs: at Geyserrllle for Skates Springs; ■ at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelsey vllle, Soda Bay | and i^keport; lat
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett •■ Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blno
Iraki's, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
, y Valley. John Day's, Kiverside. Llerley's, Buck-
j cell's, Sanhedrin ; Heights, HullviUe, Booneville,
Oreenwood, Oar's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, .Wsstport, rjsal, Wiliets, Cahto, Co-
Teio, Laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Knreka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates- "nnownun in w'piinijLjuiti ■' **■■<■■! 'iu
; ;On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
> . Ticket Offices. 850 Market St., Chronicle bnlldlnt
J B. C. WHITING, B. X. EVAN,
j . Gen. Manager. , Gen. Pass. Agent.
I lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
_ (Via Sausalito Ferry). : -
-1 From San Francisco, v omnnnclng June 15, 1898.
1 WEEKDAYS. 1
\ For Mill Valley and San Rafael -7:00. »8-00
I t 9 , : l 6 . 1O i 18 ' IT: * 6 - *•:*■'•■ "1:45. 3:^o, 4:15.
' 6:16, *b:00, d:B5 p. m. -' • ■ '
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wednes-
. days and Saturdays at 11 :S0 p. m.
I ._ . _^ SUNDAYS. ■:■''
For Mill Valley ; and San Rafael-*8:00. , »9 :00 L
; •10:00,11:30 a. m.; ••1-J:3j. •1:30. •2:15. *4!oCL
*'■' 6:30,6:45.8:30 p.m. i - 3ilrA trip .to Sausalito at
) 11 :00 a. m.
j Trains marked • run to San Qoentin. ••12:30
-> p.m. does not nin to Mill Valley '
* _ _- i THKOUGH TRAINS. : . "\l V
_ For Point Reyes ana way stations— B:oo a. m.
Batnrdays: 9 a; v. Sundays; 5:15 p. M. weekdays.
1 For - **°'' 1 t Rove*. Cazadero and" way stations-.
lioiL4!JfeA^Sß•■B«JLi4a.E .IC-^^:fteJtdJJC4^ ..„■-.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION IS RATES BY RAIL
. TO— ; •
FpR.TTiAKrP. < ? -
FR1DAY. ..;..;....... .:.:.. JULY 17.
And Every Fifth . Bay Thereafter.
: Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p. if.
AP A Including Berth in Pullman Tour-
OuiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO.... •
First-class tickets, Including berth In A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper.; '■ - O *•" — —
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tlckeu
be sold or baggage checked to such points.
09- Through Tickets for Puget Sound
Points on Sale at I. educed liates.
For further Information apply at '
613 MARKET STKEKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HOITUKRJf PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train, leave nn<l »re <liie to arrive at
. ■ HAN FltANt'Ul'O. ... .;,...-[■.
leave . — From Jcyz 7. 1896. ■■—''. akiuvb
• '•6:OOa Niles, Ban Jose and Way Stations . . . 8:45 a
7:O0a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kast.. *'4a»
T:OOa Benicia, VacaTille, Kumsey. Sa<rar
niento, Oroville and Redding vis
Davis ;.v. ..:. «:43p
7:#Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls*
toga and Santa Rosa 6:13p
8:30 a Niles, .San Jose, Stockton, lone,
■ . Sacramento, Marysville and Res
Ulna 4:15p
•9:30 a Peters and Milton «7:iap
O-.uti a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I<oh Angeles 4:43p
C:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1:4* A
9:00 a Vallejo 6:JBp
l:OOp Niles, San Jose anil LiTermore 9:43 a
•I:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers.. ....... *9:00p
1 1 :30p Port Costa and Way Stations t7.43p
4:o«i> Mortiuez. Ban Ramon, - Vallejo,
' Napa, Caliatoga, 131 Verano f.ai
.Santa, SiISA
iMOr Benicia, Vacr.ville, . Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysviil^,
Orovillo and Sacramento 10543 a
4iBor Nlles, San Jose, livermore and
Stockton ?:13p
. 4:307 Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11.43 a
Js:o©p New Orleans Kzprecs.Fresno.BakerS'
«ield, Santa Barbara, Los Angele&
iteming, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
Sast :... I0:13a
3i9op Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for iUojava aud Last IC:l9a
B:OOp Vallejo 11:45 a
6:OWr European Ma.l, Ogtlen and East.... O:4 !S a
«:<l»p linywards, Nilesaud Sau Jose 7:45 v
|7:0(lp Vallejo t7:*sp
7:OOP Oregon V.x press, Sacramento, Marys-
YUM, ReiMiiig, Portland, i'ltget
. Bound ami East 10;4Sa
' SANTA <i» Z lUVInION (Xiirroir (ionge).
(7:40 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Banta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JS:»O*
; Newark, Con tervil!e,Smi. lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz a ad Way
Stations... :.. .». Bis«p
•8:15y Newark, Centerviile, San .los?. New
Almadeo, Felton, I'oulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal -Way
Stations ....: »1I:20a
<<:15f Newark. San Jose and T.o* (iatoa.... *f9:.">OA
COAST DIVISION (lliir.l A i'ounscixl Sis.)
■••:43a San Jose ami Way Stations (New •■■ .
Almatien Wednesdays only) .« 9:47 a
t7:3OA Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
- Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations {Ss3sr,
•ilOASan .lose, Tres linos, Santa Cruz,
i'acilic Grove, Paso Robles, San
JLuis Ol>isi>o, Gu&dalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations ' 7rt>sp
1»:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations fltSOp
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way SUtions 5:«0p
11:3Oa Palo Alto ami Way Stations ~ 3:30p
*2:3OpSan Mateo, Meclo Park. San .los«t
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa QruE,
Salinas,Moatcrey ami PaciiicGrove *IQ:4Oa
"3:30p Sau Jose, Pacific Grova aud Way
• Stations.... •l;30r
*4:SOp San Jose *wl Way .Stations.. *»:UOa
■ 5:30r San .lose and Principal Way Stations »8:4»a
C:3or San Jose aud Way Stations 6:33 a
fIJ:S."Sr San Jose an.l Wav Stations... f7:45p
SAX Lirr>i>KO AM) HAHVAKHs LOt AL.
«*6:OOa") ( 7:15.\
H:O<»A ■ I l»:4r>A
iS.«Oa nelro s e,Semlmary Pari, \ ]?|lg*
Ü b-SSp Fitehb n rs,Sa«.Le«ndro ] VfilEp
£2op « d \ t£l
«:0«p Hazard,. X $&
, 7:«0p • ■" I v B:4 "ip
O*OOp * Huns through to Niles.' i io*sOr
fHl*slspJ'* ° »- ' { tuaioof
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. •
FroraSUi •IUKCISCG— Foot of Market Stre:t (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 : 11:00 a.m. 41:00 *2:00 t3:Cfl
•4:00 *5:00 ; •6:03i».M.
From OiXUND— Foot of Bro»d»»j.— «0:00 8:0(1
. 10:00 a.m. tI2:QO •1:05 " t2^o . »3:CO ti:Cl
»5:00r.M. • ■'..■■ :■:.■
■ A for Morning. .. " P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
•■;■ t Sundays only,
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
ijPitu'. l v ,■»•.! -■•:■■ '*r*fp*H"»itn (-■■,•
Atlantic '^^^fe^f*%
i • Pacific Jl|l|L
Trains leave and arrive m hBkJSwBB
Market-Street Ferry. sSEf^JB '"$$
SASTA FE EXPRESS. Wmm
To Chicago via A. & P . %SJagfe3\gjT|
Direct Line *"*SPVK?m**~*3t&
Leaves every day at 5 p. x.*/ carrying: iniliman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern lip.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
| and bedding and in charge of a porter, run dally i
through to Chicago via Kansas City. . Annex can
for Denver and St. Louis. ' •
- P«rsona'ly-condncted Boston Excursions rla
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and. the WhIM
i .Mountains leave every Wednesday.
■ . The best railway from California to the East.
1 New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery:
and good meats In Harvey's dtulnc-rooms.
; Ticket Office— 644 Market Street, ■
Chronicle Building.
Telephone Main 1531. .-.
"OPIUM
i The pur* essential extract from the native drug. •' Con-
tains all the i valuable medicinal properties of Opium
-without *ta noxious element*. So sickness cf stomach •
' no vomitlntr ; no eostlveness ; no headache. All Druggists,
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKBTi.
Silver continues to decline.
Wheat and Freights quiet.
Barley dull.
bam pies of new Oats offering.
Corn and Rye quiet.
Smaller receipts of Hay.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans sill neglected.
Potatoes lower and very wesJD.
Onions cheap.
Tomatoes weak and dull.
Bntter steady. cheese firm.
No further change In Eggs.
Poultry abont the same.
Apricots continue to advance.
. Figs, Peaches and Plums firm.
Dried Apricots lower and weak.
, Honey sells iairiy.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Provisions firm.
Hides and Leather dull.
Wool continues quiet.
Hops doing belter at last.
Pork rules firm. Mutton ditto.
Coffee quiet.
No change in Oils.
FRUIT EXCHANGE ELECTION".
At the annual election or the San Francisco Fruit
Exchange yesterday the following officers were
elected: President, Herman Bedel; vice-president,
J. L. Wilson: treasurer. Abe Rosenberg; board of
directors— D. K. Allison, W. A. Curtis (Sacramen
to), C. C. Kinsey, Herman Bendel, Frank Dalton,
Abe Rosenberg. P. D. Code, A. O. Freeman, J. L.
Wilson: committee of appeals— E. A. Cohen. A. B.
Field, M. J. Fontana. C. B. Jennings. L H. Morse.
Tbe annual meeting will take place to-day at 11
o'clock. ____^__ -r;-r.
Explanation.
■ The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicaie maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted mow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of eqr.al air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usuuily accomDanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accotnp:ii::ed by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us al!y first appear on the Washington
coast. Whi>n -he pressure is high in the interior
and lew along tlie coast, and the isobars extend
r.crth and south along the coast, rain is probable;
bat when the low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a -high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
%iil produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Usttxd States Eepabtitkst of Agricul/
-irKE, Weathkb BrREM:, Sast Fb ascisco,' July
14. 1896. sr. x. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Fresno 106. San Diego 76, Red Bluff 108, San
Luis Obispo 78. Yuma 106, ban Francisco 61, Lot
■ Angeles 88.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 51,
minimum 53, and mean 56.
The pressure has fallen slightly during the past
twenty-four hours over the northern half of the Pa
cific slope and has risen slightly over the southern
■halt.
The temperature has remained stationary over
California and Nevada, and has fallen about six
d-grees in Utah. Throughout Oregon, Washing
ton and Idaho the temperature to-night is from 10
to 20 degrees ab« ye th- normal. The temperature
has ris-u in these sections during the past twenty
■ four boors.
a thunderstorm is reported at Salt Lace, with
.24 of an inch rainfall. Cloudy weather Is re
* corded In Eastern Arizona and at El Paso.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather Wednes
day over the Pacific Coast; for continued warm
weather inland, and tog on the coast from San
Francisco southward.
Forecast made at -an Francisco for thirty hours
. ending m:dnlghu Wednesday. July 15, 1896:
Northern California — 1 air Wednesday: contin
ued warm rattier inland; light westerly wind
on the coas;, increasing in force in the afternoon;
fog on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; contin
ued warm weather in the interior; light southerly
winds: fog on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
■ Utah— -Fair Wedneday; warmer in northern
portion.
Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday in eastern portion;
continued warm weather.
- ban Francisco and vicinity— Fog in the morn
ing: light westerly winds. increasing in force iv
ike afternoon. Aluakjjek G. McAdik,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW - YORK MAKKIii'S.
Financial.
VOPK. N. V.. July 14,— Stocks were
weak and feverish to-day. There was considerable
pressure to se'l the Industrials and certain of those
stocKs sustained serious losses. The market was
adversely influenced by talk Of heavy gold ship
ments and the further loss In tbe Treasury gold
reserve. According to foreign bouses the exports
of the metal on Thursday and Saturday will be
larger than generally expected. The talk of a third
Presidential ticket to be named by the sound
money Democrats who have refused to accept the
Cbiraso platform added to the depression. (Specu
lators were also impressed by the drop of 13 in the
new Government fours, and there was discussion
about the probable action of the administration in
case a new bond issue was necessary. London
houses bought the International Issues at the de
' c.iv- , but tbe foreign operations did not check the
downward tendency of the markets. The break in
the Industrials «as the chief feature or specula
tion. Cotton Oil preferred said down from 47% to
' 41, wbiie Leaitier preferred so. a down from :.5 to
' 50. The slunin in Leather \va« due to forced liqi
dations. Sugar dropped from 108*4 to 100% on
European advices of another break In raws.
In the railway list the oorn-carrters and Anthra
cite Coalers were notably weak, declining \>(d 4 i/.\.
Burlington and Quincy and Jersey Central were
especially vulnerable. Speculation closed Irregu
lar and in the main weak. Net chances show losses
0f%&5%.. Total sales were a 16,300 snares.
Bonds were heavy. The tiansactions aggregated
,000. Atchlson a Justment fours fell 1 to
■7%; Chicago and Nortuern ' Pacific fives certifi
cates, 2 to 42; Northern Pacific consolidated
fives, 1% to 43%; Texas Pacific seconds, 14 to
1 1 %.
In Government bonds $24,000 coupon four* of
1925 sold at 115%(^1145^ ; $5003 do of 1907 at
.10b»/« and $5000 coupon fives at 112% ,
s Grain.
FLOUR — Dull: winter wheat, low grades
$1 70&2 60: do fair to fancy. $3 40©3 40- do
patents. $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear, JS-140&2 30
-do straights, $2 95@3 40: ao patents, $3 I6fa.-I :
low extra. $1 70® j 50: city mills. $3 90: do
patents, »4@4 25. . * % .
CORNMEAL— Quiet, steady; yellow Western,
*2 05©l' 10: Brandy $2 16. '. '
RYE— Dull, steady: Western. 38%@39c.
BARLEY— Quiet; 49-tt> sacks quoted 32c.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western, 4 53c
WHEAT— DuII, firmer; tab., 6234 c; ungraded
red.s:<@63c: No. 1 Northern, 65% c* . ls ™ ioa
Options linn at %©%« advance on belter cables,
firmer West and local covering September
anil December most active. July, 61&ko; * ukusu
617/ c; September. 62% c; Oc.ober. 62% c; Decem
ber. 643
• CORN— DuII, firm; " NO " z, 33%q elevator; 34iA
afloat. -.
• Options were dull and fi'm at s/s@ 3 /ic advance
with he West on ; local covering. . September
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
■ 4 Leldesdorrr St.. Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE ' ... .
628 Market st.. Palace Hotel. Tel Main 6828
.1. S. PUKDY, Manager.
. Orders ; instantly, executed on latest ; market quo>
tat lons. Reference Ist National Bank, S. P.
.CHICAGO. fiuvAXJi wiKji. ~KitW Yeas.
and October most active; July, 33% c; Septem
Der, 83% c: October, 331/4&
OATS— DuII, firmer.
Options quiet, firmer; • July, 21% c; August,
20S4c: September, 20y 8 c
.v'|.»i prices: No. 2. •_'ii / i©2li,Ar: No. 2 white.
52«.@23c: No. 2 Chicago, 22% c; No. 3. 20c:.
No while, 21%@21%c; mixed Western, 21(^
22% c: white do and white State, 22@26c-
FKED BRAN— 5O@5O%c.
MIDDLINGS— 6O®62%a
RYE-Feed, 56c.
ProTialons.
BEEF— firm. Family, $8 50©9: extra
mess, $6@7. Beef hams, dull, $14 50@16: tierced
beef, inactive; city extra India mess, $H@l3: cut
meats, active stronger; pickled bellies. 12 pounds,
4*4« 9 lb: pick.cd shoulders, 4%@4%c; pickled
hams. 9i/ 4 @loc - ." .
■ LARD— Quiet, firm. Western steam. $4 05; city,
$3 35: September, $4 02%: refined, ouiet: conti
nent, $4 26; south American, 65: compound,
4<&4i.4c.
POBK -Steady. Old mess, $7 75@8 25; new
mess, $8 60@8 75.
BUTTER— Fancy, steady: State dairy, 10@
14% c; do creamery, lli.oj»15c: Western dairy, 9
@12c; do creamery, 11%^15c; do factory, b(Bllc;
Kleins, 16c; imitation creamery, 10@12c
CHEESK— Quiet, easy: State large, 5%®6%c: 00
small, 6%@7c; part skims, 4@4%c; lull skims,
l%c
KGGB— fair demand; State and Pennsyl
vania, 13%@14c; Western fresh. Il@l3c; do per
case, $1 sip"oiS. • -
TALLOW— Quiet, unchanged. - <
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, easy. Crude. 20®
20% c: yellow, prime. 24%?: do off grade. 24c.
TUKPKNTINE-Quiet: steady; 24S.iia)2bV4C.
RE^lN— Dull, steady. '
POTATOES— Steady; Southern, 40c@$l.
RlCE— Quiet. Domestic, 3@sSic; Japan, 4@4%c.
MOLASSES— Steady, quiet; New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice, 27©37 c.
COFFEE — Quiet 6@lo points down. July,
$11 65: August, $11 15; September. $10 6<J@lo 65:
October, $10 10; December. $9 90&9 96: March,
$9 85. Spot Rio quiet, easy. No. 7, 12% c
SUGAR— Raw, more active,' easier. Fair refining.
" V c; centrifugals 96 test, 3S/*c; refined, quiet
and steady: off A. 4V*@4S, 8 c 9 B>; mola
A, 6c: standard A. 4%c; confectioners' A. 46gc:
cut loaf fiS/gc; crushed: SS/s^: ; powdered, 6c;
granulated, 4^c; cubes, sc. .
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOT!?— Bags. 8%«llc.
PEACHKb— Peeled. %* a, 13@14e: do unpeeled,
7%«8%c. • . , :■ -.: ■
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal; 6c
RAISINS— Loose muscatel, two-crown, 3%®
4c; do three-crown, 6c; do four-crowu, 5%c;
London layers, $i@l 05.
HOPS— easy: State, common to choice,
2%@7%c; Pacific Coast. 2%@6%c
WOOL— Firm, moderate demand: domestic
fleece, 16@22c; pulled. 15(g,35c; Texas, 7@12&
Merchandise.
Pin IRON— American; $10 26@l 3.
COPPER-Quiet: lake, «11 2!i(d)ll 60. '
LEAD— Eeasy: domestic. «2 95@2 »7%.
TIN -Quiet ;»Sirait*. $13 65@13 60: plates, mod
erately active.
SPELTER -Dull: domestic $4 06@4 16
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., July 14.— Business was liv
lier In the wheat market although there were no
special features at the opening. Prices were sensi
tive to weather and crop conditions. The weekly
crop bulletin from North Dakota said that the
conditions were favorable for rust and that there
was a great scarcity of water. The cable reflected
y esterday's decline. Wheat started out firm but
the trading developed Into a local business. The
cash demand also was a feature of a bullish char
acter. Receipts in the Northwest were very heavy
at 497 cars against 162 on th* corresponding day
last year and 887 last Tuesday. Chicago received
894 cars and Inspected out 16,083 bushels.
Liverpool cables were quiet and i-id lower. At
lantic seaboard clearances for twenty-four hours
amounted to 170.554 bushels. Continental cables
were generally lower. 379 cars of new wheat were
received at Chicago. At noon Brad street's report
on the world's visible supply showed a decrease of
2.000.000 bushels, and the market broke %c, but
soon rallied. During the last ten minutes 01 trad
ing the market became excited on war talk from
Turkey, in which it was said that troops had been
ordered to mobollze. September wheat opened
from 65%(5555 8 sold between 663ic and 551 ,c,
closing at 563 4 c, KgilVsC higher than yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 130 cars.
CORN— Was firmer on the continued dry, hot
weather and on the Ineffectual efforts of the
shorts to secure any corn. The receipts were 464
cars. Withdrawals from store were lulu at 160,
-864 bushels. Liverpool cables were dull. Export
clearances were 21U.014 bushels. September corn
opened at 2"i/ic. sold between 28% c and 27Vac,
closing at 28 Vsc, %c higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts tor to-morrow, 180 cars.
OATS— A quiet but strong feeling ruled in oats
early In the day and they followed the pace set by
the com options. The • trading was of a local
character, however. Receipts were 228 cars and
113, 2-Ji bushels were taken from store. Septem
ber oats closed lc higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 90 cars.
FLAX— Was easier. Cash, 71%@71c: Septem
ber. 71%@71c: December, 73c Receipt* were 14
cars. -
PROVISIONS— DeveIoped a steady feeling this
morning on an advance in the hog product of sc,
but there was complaint of no business and the
emptiness of the pit was a confirmatory straw.
ember pork closed 7%c higher, September
lard -j%c ligher and September rios 5c higher.
BU'iitK— Was quiet and uninteresting, the
recent hot weather having a bad effect, on pastures.
The demand was limited and there was no opening
for advance in prices.
Creameries- Extras. 14% c; firsts, 13@14c:
seconds, 10c; imitations, lancy, 10c Dairies-
Extras, 12c: firsts, lie; seconds. 9c. Ladles-
Extras, 10@10%c; firsts, B%@9c; packing stock,
be; roll, 6<g,7c.
EGGS— Were slow of sale and weak. Prices de
clined a shade further. Fresh stock. 9c 9 dozen
recandled, 9&9% c; shipping, 9%@10c.
MONEI — Was 6@«>2 on call Hnd 6* on time
loans., New York exchange sold at 75c discount.
Closing; Prices.
WHEAT— Jnir. 65% c; September, 66% c: De
cember, 58%@58*i<-. .
CORN— Ju.>. 27% c; September. 28% c: May,
3034 c
hats— July, ltt'/gc; September. 16% c; May,
19%@20c
1 okK- September. $6 65; January $7 60.
LAltli— September. *3 72%: January, *4 07%.
September. $3 65; January, $3 80. .
Livestock.
TTTOV STOCKYARDS. Ik.; July 14.— Cattle,
both local and outside demand, ruled weak in view
of rather liberal receipts for the week to come.
In hogs there was a bulge of s@loc in product on
anticipation of moderate receipts. Native sheep
and lambs were somewhat scarce, and went at fair
prices. - ■ . ■
CATTLK— Receinta. 9000. Common to extra
steers. $3 80fa)4 20: stock and feeders. *2 10r<«
3 60: cows and bulls. $1 10@4; caves, $3@5 40:
Texans, $2@3 90.
l-.ous— Keceipta. 23,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 1003 35: . common to choice
mixed. 4 3 15ra>:-i 46: choice assorted. $3 boift6 60'
light, $3 30(a3 66; pigs. $2 90&3 55
-.-.ii.fc.tr—itcceipis. 12,00u. inferior u> caaic*
♦2*4; lUubs. *3*6 40.
CALIFORNIA FKUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 14.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day as
follows: Prunes-Trag«dy. 85c@$l 40 per half
crate. Plums— Peach, 55c@$l 65 per half crate;
Royal Hative. 55c@$l: Japan. 66@60c; Brad
shaw, 3 5 erg .sl. Pears— Bartletts, 70c@$l 25 per
box. Peacbers— Hale's early, bad order, 60fa70c
per box.
CHICAGO, lv., July -Porter Bros. Com
pany soid at open auction to-day California fruit
as follows: Plums— Burbauk, $101 80 per half
crate; peach, $1 30: other varieties, 70c@$l 05.
Prunes-Tragedy. $1 30@l 45 per half crate.
Peaches— st- John, 70c@$l 20 per box and 55@
75c per hair box; other varieties. 20@70c per box.
Pears-Bar.letts, 45c per half box.
HEW \OKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
. . Shares.
Money on cal: easy at l%@2v; last loan at X%*
and closing offered at 1%%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 5@5%X- Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican dollars,
533-i©64%c Sterling Exchange strong, with actual
business in bankers' 'btlls nt $4 87V*@4 87% for
60 oars and $4 88Vl©4 88% for demand. Posted
rates, $4 BS@4 89. I Commercial bills. $4 86%@
4 87. Government bonds lower; State bonds heavy;
railroad bonds weak. Silver at the board was
steadier. . •
. CXOSINO stock*.
Am Tel & Cable.... 90 {Norfolk & Westrn 8
Atchlson...... ...... I»V* Preferred. . . 11%
Preferred.. ' 183 /4 Northern Pacific. 7V*
Adams Express ...146 Preferred.. . 16",?
Alton. Terre Haute 68 Northwestern .. 97%
American Express) o9 Preferred; ."..149
American Tobacco. 60 N. Y. Central 94
Preferred 97 N.Y..Chicago<S*.'L 12
Bay State Gas...... 18 Ist preferred..... 671 X
Baltimore & Ohio.. IV yd preferred . 26
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.AN.H. " 170
Buffalo, Roch AP. 15% N. Y. & New Eng'. 48
Canada Pacific... 60%1n. V., susq A W.T. 8 '
Canada southern.. 45 ] Preferred. 21
Canton Land....... 60% Ontario "* 1114
Central Pacific 15 Ontario 4 "western 13%,
Ches. & Ohio ...... t-'A^/i Oregon Improvmnt %
Chicago A1t0n.... 156 i Preferred..
Preferred 570 Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago, H. &a. . 70 Oregon Short Line, a
Chicago* E. 111... 41 Pacific Mail ■ 81 .*"■
Pitferred 99 Peoria. D.& Evaiis 1%
ChlcagoGas........ 66% Plitsburj? A W. pfd 16
CleveJt Plttsbnrg..l64 Pullman Pa1ace... .147
Consolidation Coal. 32 " Quicksilver -1%
Consolidated Gas.. 152 _ Preferred. ""* 13
C C. C. & St. Louis 27% Reading..... .'...'.' 12%
Preferred.......... 75 JRioGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 19%! 'Preferred......... 40
Preferred 100 Rock 151 and........ 60%
Cot ton OU Cert .... 9 Rome W at&Ogden. 1 1 4 %
Commercial Cable. I*o Kt. L. <t 8 W 3x2
Dei. Hudson 121 I Preferred. """ 8%
Del.Lack&Westrn. 158 St- Paul ""*" TSvl.
Denver <fcR.G...;. 1234 Preferred." *""""l27^i
Preferred.:....... 45%.5t. Paul * Duluth." 18
Distillers 13- I Preferred. .:80V4
General Electric... 24% St. Paul & Omaha: 36%
*•«•••' • "*• l 4I /4' Preferred. .123%
Preferred 3: SL P. M. A M • 109
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates. 688/,
Great Northern pfd 110 jSoutheru Pacific 18
Green 8ay.. ...... .. %!southern R. R. . . „ -8 %
Hj.rlena. ....;. .....294 ; Preferred... 23%
Hocking C0a1...... Vs- Sugar Refinery"."" 107
Hocking Va11ey... . : 16%: Preferred... 100%
Homestake. .....:, 84 iTenn. Coal A Iron. lflis?
H. A Texas Cent... Preferred. .90-
Illinois Central..... ! Texas Pacific.'! '.'.'" 6%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
lowa Central ToI.A.A.A N.Mich.
Prcferreo... :26 Toi. A Ohio Cent... SO .
Kansas A Texas... ivy 2 . Preferred. ........ 70
Preferred......;..' SOI4 Tol.st. Louis* K.C. . &
KingstonA Pern... 3 Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 16y, Union Pacinc. 66/ 8
Preferred. 67VjjU. P. Den ct Gulf.. 2
Lakebh0re.. ....... 143 U. 8. Coraage 4Vfe
NaUonal Lead 21 I Preferred......... 8
■ Preferred......... 83% Guaranteed 16
Long 151 and:.;..:.. 74 U. S. Express 40
Louisville & Nash. 4H 'U.S. Leather 6
Louisville. N a* 7 Preferred 6iy 8
Preferred ...... 15 U. S. Rubber....... 15V*
Manhattan Consol. 96 Preferred 78
Memphis & Chans. 15 Utica&B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 9 Wab. s*. L. A Pac.. 6»4
Wichlga-i Central.. 9:114 Preferred........ 16»/
Minn* a L..... Wells-Fargo 95
Preferred Western Union. 81 }A
Minn <t St. Loom. 1 4 Wisconsin Central. 1 1 V»
Ist preferred 73 Wheeling &L. 8.. BY*
preferred...... 38 Preferred. 30
Missouri Pacific.. 20«4 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 41
Mobile* Ohio 18 W. U. Beef - 7
Nashville A Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 7V»
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred 22^1
N. J. Central. 9784 Brooklyn Traction. 21
North American... 4^Erie2d ptd. 20%
CMRi.va nnsM.
U 8 4s, registered.. 107«4,MKT2ds 65
Do 43. c0up0n.... 108 I Do 4s 80%
U 8 4s new, regstrdlUVrMutual Union 85... 114
Do 4s, coupon ..114% S J Cent Gen 65... 117%
Do 25... 95 Northern Pac 15t5.113%
D 065.... ........ .112% D02d5...;........H0
1 o coupon 112% Do3ds 66
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols. 188
Do 1887 101) Do deb 6s 109%
Do 1898.. 10(1 OR* N lsts. 109V4
Do 1899 100 *UxSlronMtGenss 74
Pacific -is of '88.... St L * S F Gen 6s. 112
DC3-655...........109V45t Paul Consols.... 128%
Ala Class A4s 90 St PCA Pa 15t5. ..116%
Do Class 84, 65.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 111%
La Consol 45....... 95>£ Southern RR 65... 87
Missouri funding...- — Texas Pacific lsis. 80
N Carolina con 65.. 116 Texas PacHlc 2ds.. 17
-Do 45....... 95 Union Pac lsts 96.103%
So Carolina 4%5... 100 West Shore 4s. 104
Tennnew3s 75 Mobile <fc Ohio 45.. 64
Va funding debt... 67 R Grande West 1 sis 73%
Do registered Ches A Ohio 65.. ..107
Do deferred 65... :5 Atcnison 4s 77
Do trust rcpts st. 5 Do2dsA 37%
Canada South 2ds.. 106 GI!*8 A 6s 101
Cen Pac Istsof '9s.loo Do2d7s 96
Den 4RG Ist 11l H A Tex Cent 65.. 107%
Do4s. 89 Docon6s. 102
Erie 63% Reading 4s. 75%
Kansas Pa Consols 69 Missouri 6*. 100
Ka Pa lsts Den dlvll3 i
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ex©., July 14.— spot market
Is steady at 5s 3%d. Cargoes steadier at 265,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FCTTRKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: July,
4s lOd: August. 4s lOd: September, 4s lOd; Octo
ber, 4s lOd; November, 4s lOVid.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, End, July 14. — Consols, 113%;
silver, 31%: French Kent.-.,, 102f.
EXCHANGE ANl> BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, bighu — 4 89%
Sterling Cables. — 4 89s,i
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. V ounce. — . 68%
Mexican D011ar5...... 54 64%
♦
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot business is quiet
at '.'6s 3d, usual options. |The chartered Wheat
fleet In port has a registered tonnage of 47,700.
against 32,400 tons on the same date in 1895; dis
engaged, 37,400 ton's, against 1521; on the way to
this port. 235,000 tons, airaln.it 372,000.
H< AT— Quotations show no change and the
market is featureless. No. 1. 92 >-4>@93%c: choice,
95(597^c; lower grades, 87i/i.@Hoc; extra choice
for mUling, $l@l 10 9 ctl.
CALX. BOARD BALKS. '
Ikfobmai. Session— lo o'clock— December—
100 tons, 98c: 400, 9?:
Rebclah Morning' December— 2oo
tons. TOi-jc. .
AFTKBNOOS Session— No Sales. -Ti
BARLEY— Quiet and not materially changed.
Fed. 67y 2 fa.7oc 9 ctl; choice bright, 71Vic;
Brewing, 7o<jgiBoc 9 ctl.
. CALL BOARD RALES.
Informal SKBBION— IO o'clock — No sales.
Kkiular Morning Skssion December— 6oo
tons. 98Vic; «00. 953/nC.
A soon Session— December— 200 tons,
983,1-; 1100, 98Vic;- 1000, 98% c.
hats— Samples of new crop Salinas and coast
are being shown and are quoted at 75@80c The
market continues quiet. Milling, 85@90c; fancy
feed, 1(0.9".' i/fee: good to choice, 82V>@90c: com
mon to fair, 7oy 2 (i!?0c; Gray, BO@«^^4c: ssur
prise. 95c@*l 02^.
CORN— .sot murh change. Large Yellow is
auotable at BS3,4ffi9sc; Small Round do, 97%4c:
White. 77Vi@8-J^c 9 ctl.
R YE— Quoted at 72i/ s <§,-76c 9 ctl for old and 65c
for new.
BUCKWHEAT-85@90c 9 ctl.
FLOUR AND MII.LSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 9 bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 76@3. ■'■■,
OORNMEAL, ETC— Feed Corn, $19 50@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 50(5,21 9 ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 3Vic; R:ce Flour. 7%c: Co:
meai,23.4@3c; extra cream do, 3V&c:Oatmeat,3%c;
Oat Groats 4%c; Hominy, 4<g>4y 2 c: Buckwheat
Flour. 4c; Cracked Wheat, 'S\^c. Farina. 4i,jc:
Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4V4c; Pearl
Barley, 4VsC: Split Peas, 4^ic; Green do, SV4C
9 ">.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF*.
BRAN— 50@16 50 for the best and $13 60@
14 9 ton for outside brands.
.MIDDLINGS— $16@17 * ton for lower grades
and $17 60@18 60 9 ton for the best.
FEE -Rolled Barley, $15@15 60: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 9 ton: jobbing, $22 :
Cottonseed Oilcake Is out of market. -■ ■■
HAY — Keceipts were smaller again, but prices
showed no change. New Wheat, $7'50@11; new
Wheat and Oat, $7@10; new oat $6@>B; new Bar
ley, $6 60@8; Kiver Barley. $4 60@5; Alfalfa.
$6@6 50 : (.lover. $6@B.
STRAW— 3O@4Oc^ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
"BEANS— Business continues very light and is
mostly confined to the local jobbing trade. Bayos
are quotable at 90@97%c 9 ctl: Small Whites,
*]<ai 16 9 ctl; Pea, $1 20@l 40; Large Whites,
9 or@sl 05: Pink. 75@85c: Beds, $1 10@l 30:
Biacke c, $1 50@l 60: Red Kidney, nominal;
Llmas. $2 Ss@2 55; Butters, sl 35@1 50for small
and $1 sO@l 75 for large.
SKi-.DS— Brown Mus ard Is quotable at $1 s()@
2 25 9 ctl: Trieste, $2@i 60 9 ctl; Yellow Mus
tard. $1 40<al 50; Flax, sl 70©l 80: Canary, 234 c
9 lb; Alfalfa, 7y 2 @9y 2 c 9 fc; Rape, 2%c Ib;
Hemp. 3^c 9 Ib. >
DRIED PEAS— SI 26@1 40 9 ctl for Nlles and
$1 25@1 46 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— AII kinds are lower and the market
Is very weak. Garnet Chiles, 60@80c: Early Rose,
In sacks, 30@50c; Early Rose In boxes, 35@50c;
Burbank Seedlings. 40@85c 9 ctl for Rivers and
$i@l 35 for Pan Leandro.
ONIONS. -Red are unsalable. White, 40@60c;
Bed,lo^2oc?»ca;
VEGETABLES— Tomatoes are lower, weak and
dull; Corn and Cucumbers show little change.
Green Corn, 60c@$l 9 sack: Alnmeda Corn. $1 50
@2 9 crate: Berkeley Corn, $]@1 16; Summer
-quash, 20@30c for Ray: Egg Plant, $I@l 50 per
box: Tomato's, $I@>2 per box for Rivers and Ho@
60c for Vacavllie; 1 ucumbers, 40@50c; Alameda
Cucumbers, $I@l 25 box; Asparagus. $lis2 50:
Green Peppers, sG@7sc per small box and $I@l 50
9 large box: Green Peas,'6oc@sl 9 sack for com
mon and 7@2i/4C 9 lb for Garden; String Beans,
l@3c 9 n>; Green Okra, 75@$1 9 box; Cabbage,
46@50c 9 Ctl; Garlic, 2@2VaO 9 tb.
BUTTER, ' CHKESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Dealers complain of the softness of
arrivals, owing to.the hot weather. Prices remain
stationary. '
creavkbt— Fancy, " 14y a @16c; seconds, 14c
9 Ib.
Dairy— Fancy, 13@13%c: good to choice, liia
12Vic: lower grades, ll@ll%c.
CHEESK — Is firm at the advance already noted.
Fancy mild new, 7@7Vic; - common to good, 6@
6V2C: Cream Cheddar, 9@loc: Young America,
7@9c 9 tt>: Vvestern, 10@llc; Eastern, ll@lBc.
*;aGS— market is steady and the demand Is
fair. Complaint Is made , that shippers are un
usually careless In packing this year, which drives
a good deal of custom to the cleaner Eastern eggs.
Store Eggs, 10@12c; ranch Eggs, 13@16c; Duck
Eggs, 12@13c _■_____■ • •■--'■,
\ POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— and young Turkeys are arm,
but the other kinds are quiet and not materially
changed. .','■.•
Live Turkeys, 18@15o for Gobblers, 12@1 3c for
Hens: young Turkeys, 17@18c; Geese, 9 pair. 90c
<gsl 25 : Ducks, $2 50fd13 25 for old and $3®4 50 9
doz for young: Hens. $3 6O@s;' Roosters, young.
$4 60@7; do, old. $4(814 50 9 doz: Fryers. $3 50®
4: Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $1 50@2 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 9 doz for young and
old. • ■ ■ ■- ■ • ■ -
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots ! continue .. to . advance. '. Apples and
Pears are steady. Figs, Plums and Peaches sell
well. . ..■:•' . .;
" Peaches, 25@75c 9 box and 40©85 c 9 basket ;
Crawfords. 5! <a76e 9 box. .
Plums. 35@76c 9 box and 75@90c 9 crate.
Apples, -Jstgj4Oc 9 small box and 40@85c 9
large box. . -;' v • . - ..
. Pears. 35<a75c 9 ' box and 25c 9 basket: Bart
letts. 65@85c 9 small box. '•' -
Apricots, i;6(Si4oc * box: $20@25 9 ton in bulk
for the general run, with sales of poor at 15 and
choice at $27 50.
Figs, 35@&0c 9 box for single and 75c<asi 25 9
box for double layers. • -~w*^ v
BERRIES— Strawberries, $2 6004 9 chest for
Long worths and $1 60@3 for large berries.
Baepbernea, $304 9 chest. i
.■- ■■ .- ■.•.-••- ■- . j _ . .•» - . . ■•,"
Blackberries, $2@3 V chest.
Currants, $2 50®4 behest.
•i oil, Ey — Thompson's Seedless from Yuma,
f 1 ~s@l 60 $ crate: Biack Grapes, from the same
•o"/"-* 1 25®1 50 $ crate.
M ,ELON.s_Xvatermeions. $10@20 ft 100. 'til
ii l/S . BRUITS — Lemons are steady and
'""*'■ j? rm ana . scfrce. . Lemons are quotable at
k*l f, box for common and $2 50@3 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $7; Bananas, $I@2 ■$
bunch; Pineapples, $I@4 1» dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— ~~~~
No prices on new Peaches have been mentioned
yet. ■';"■ ••..;-'; _•-:..'■
New Apricots are lower and weak at 5-«i@6c "#
ft in the sweatbox and 6@6V5|C f. o. b., coast. ...
Quotations on the Frnlt Exchange are as follows -.
Carload Lots— Apples— I%@2c t> Ib for quar
tered. 3c for sliced and 4(j»4 Vic for evaporated:
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots. 6@6V2C
for prime to choice. •- — for fancy and 10@llc *
tb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2%cJor un
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears. 7c i» Tb
for evaporated halves. 3%@6c ■$ Ib for quarters;
¥r*2??' . 3 3 Ml c : Plums, 3%c ? tt» for pitted and
lV2@-c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3i*@ac $Ib for
prime to choice am? siAc for fancy. . '
Jobbing Pricks — Evaporated Apples, 4@sc
V »; sundried, lv«.@'-'c; Peaches. 3^@sc and 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12V4c^ »>; Prunes, 3^c
i?naJ£, at BlEes " 4 Vie for 4O@sO's and 4c < for
o P,@oos: Apricots, 7@Bc for prime to choice,
ttrSJ t Or fancy Moorpark: FUs, black. A c;
White Figs, ;-tosc : Pears, He »»> for evaporated
halves and 4@7i^ c for quarters: Plums.; 3%@4c
•° r J , ul ' t <*| and i@lVac for unpttted: Nectarines,
4 @. 6c * » for prime to choice.
tv axis INS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
p. d, iresno: Four-crown, loose, none: 8-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown. 2%c * lb; seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, 134 c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c a box; clustern. $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clus
ters, $2 10@2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown, loose, none: 3
crown, none: 2-crown, 3%c 1» lb. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c ft ft; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3 crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 75;
• D ? h « Ba clusters. $2 50: Imperial clusters. $2 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
} vl« 1 nurd and H@l3c V lb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7%c for Languedoc ana
S^g-lOc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@
»Vac r B> for Eastern and for California; Hick
ory -Niks, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough »nd 8c for
polished; berts, B@9c: BrazU Nuts, 9@loc H>;
Coconut j, $4 50@5V 100. - '
,*t ( J : *, EY — fair trade at the familiar prices. Comb,
10@12%c s{i lb for bright and B®9c * lb for lower
grades: water-white extracted, s(g;sVaC^ tb; light
amber extracted, 4%@4%c ft lb; dark amber, 4c;
Cark, 2^3c
BEEs WAX-25@27%c 9 Jb.
VISIONS.
CURED MEATS-Trade Is fair and Pork prod
ucts rule firm. Bacon is quotable at 6^c * &> for
heavy, 7i^c ■$ ft, for light medium. B@9^c for
light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern -cured Hams, 12@12%c:
California Hams, 10i&@llc Vtt.: Mess Beef, $7
«*«; extra mess do, $8 60@9; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $B@B 60; extra clear, $14 «* bbl:
mess. $12 50@lH f> bbl: Smoked Beef, JOe f lb.
LARD— Kas.ern, tierces Is quoted at 514 c "f, B>
for compound and 6Vic for pure; palls, 7c *$ lb;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and tk for
pure: haU-bbls, 614 c: 10-Ib tins, 7c; do 8-tt> 71,4 c.
COITOLENE-a^e^c in tierces and 6^<«7J /8 c
pla in 10- lb tins.
HIDES," TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND ' SKINS — Quotations have not
changed for some time. Trade is dull.. Heavy
salted steers, 7@7%c 9 Ib; culls and brands, 6@
6i/ic 9 ib : ■ medium, 6@6Vfcc 9 Ib: culls and
brands, s@sV^c 9 tb; light, sc; culls and brand*,
4c: Cowhides, s<g,sVac: culls and brands, 4©4 i /ac;a c;
salted Kip. 5c * tb; salted Calf, 7(aiBc; salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, loV a @lc: culls and brands, B<g>
Bi^c: dry Kip and \ c.«.. B@9c; culls. 7c; dry Calt,
15c; outls, 10c; Goatskins. 2u@»sc each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 30c; medium. 16@-'sc;
winter,. 7@loc: sheepskins, shearlings, lo@lsc
each; short wool. -Jo@3sc each: medium, 40@
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of ail
kinds about 1 2 c less. -
TALLOW— 1, rendered, 3Vi@3%c; No. 2,
3c: refined, 5U.@584c: Grease. 2Vac 9 15.
WOOL— Dull, buyers bid lie for the best Hum
bold: and Mendocino, but holders refuse, to sell at
this figure. The other descriptions are neglected.
Humboldt and Meudoclno is quotable at 10@12c
? lb; Valley Oregon, 9@llc 9 lb; do lower grades,
10c 9 Ib; Nevada, i.@9c 9 Ib: San Joaquin and
Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c: San Joaquin.
fooihil,, k<:oi to choice, 7@Bc; San Jcaquin, year's
fleece, 4Vfe@6yi|C: northern free, 7@9c: do defec
tive, 5@6VsC 9 tt>. .
HOPS— We have more cheering news for hop
growers. Spot lots can now be sold at 2@4c, with
more buyers in the Weld. Contracts for new crop
at 66«7 Vic are being drawn, latter figures for
stric.ly cuolce. The market is in better shape all
around.
GENERAL MKRCHANDI B.
BAG-?— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 25; San
Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24V3@26Vic ■ - :
COAL— Wellington,' 8 9 ton; New Wellington,
$8 9 ton; Sonthfield Wellington, $7 50 9 ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wall send, $7: Scotch, $7 50; Brvmbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $1 j.n.l-.' in bulk and 513@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania . Anthracite Egg. $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite-, $8: Canoel, $7 60: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60: Cote,
in bulk and $13 V ton in sks.
CANNED FRUITS — New pack of Cherries,
black or red— extra, $2 60 ii* dozen; 2V-Ib
standards, $1 65&2; seconds, $1 55@1 85. Wnite
Cherries— 3-lb extra, $3fa.3 50; 2Vi-Ib standards,
$1 90@2 23. Peaches— Yellow, free, gallon pie,
*'2@2 50; yellow cling, 2 i 2 -tb standards, $1 25@
14>: seconds, $1 10<al 3U: gallon pie. |a:s,.' 50
-white cling, "Jl/j-lb standards, $1 25@1 46. • Apri
cots-95c@$l 35: 2%-tb pie. 75@85c; gallon pie,
$2@2 25. Grapes— uallon pie, $2@*2 25. Rasp
berries—2Wtt> standards. *1 35@1 80: seconds,
$1 3U@l 55. Strawberries — 2wn> standards.
$1 35ruil 76: seconds. $1 30@l 55.
CANNED VEOKTABLt7s— 80c 9
dozen, i F i..,-!b tins. Peas. $I@l 25 9 dozen. '
COFFEE— .....
Costarica— l»%@2oVic for good to prime: 18@
IBV2C for good mixed twin black beans; 16-'ic<s
17«ic for fair; 13iA@16y a c for common to ordi
nary. ■ . •-• ■"- •
Salvador- 18@i91.4c for good to prime washed:
17Vi@17?ic V &> for fair washed: 19y @2Ucfor
good washed i>»nberry; 17@17 1 ? for superior un
washed; 16^8<$16V2C for -ood "green unwashed;
19@19 I>4c1 > 4c for ».ood to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala A.ND MEXICAN— 2O%@2I V^C for
prime to s.rlctly prime washed: 19@2Uc for good
to strictly go d washed; -17%@18* 4c for fair
washed: 16@17V4C for medium; l4Vi@ls%c lor
ordinary: 12@14c for inferiorto common; 2ui 4
21c for good to prime washed peaberry; 19<$19'Vic
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
FlSH— Pacific Cod. catch of 1896: ' 100-Ib cases
quotable at 6c 9 lb; 50- tt> bundles, 5c 9 Ib; Silver
King Strips, 8c 9 lb: Narrow-Gauge do, 7c 9 lb-
Tablets. be 9 tb: Seabrlght Blocks. 7V,c; Pacific
Herring, 18c 9 box; Dutch do, $l@i --■!> 9 keg;
White Fish, »1 60. 1n half bbls and $1 75 In kits:
Tongues and Sounds, $14: Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26: No. 3, $24: lialf-bbls— No. 1,
$12 50: No. 2, $11; No. 3, 10: kits, No. 1, $2:
No. 2, $160; No. 3, $1 50. . =
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $34@36
9 Mask. . . -.;.-■
OIL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c:
bbly, 90c 9 gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bois. boiled, 48c: do raw, 46c; cases, 5c
more; Lard OH, extra winter strained, bbls. 55c;
No. 1. 45c; cases, 6c higher; China Nut, $4 50®
480 9 case. . 7^ _
PETROLEUM AND GASOLINE— The Stand
ard Oil Company quotes as follows: f Water-white
Coal Oil, in bulk, 12VsC; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19c ;
Astral, do. 19c; Star, do, 19c; Extra Star Oil, in
cases, Me; Elaine, do, 24c; Eocene, do, 21c:
Deodorized Stove Gasoline,. in bulk, 14c; do, in
cases, 191JC; 63* Deodorized Naphtha, in bulk,
13c; 63° do. In cases, 18JAe; 86* Gasoline, in bulk,
20c; 86" do, in cases, 25c 9 ca!.
WHITE LEAD— Quoteu at 6i£c 9 Jb.V; t; '
fe RED LEAD— Quotable at 6>-sC * lb. ' ,-.;-'
TURPENTINE-In cases, 39c; Iron barrels. 84c;
wool n barrels, 36c 9 gal.
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 oz. are
quotable at 9 Vic; do, 14 oz, BV2C: do, 12 or, 7*ic;
do, 10 oz, 7c; 1 lectrtc-11-ht Caudles, 6s, 16 oz, be;
do. 14 oz. 7y*c; do, 12 oz, vy 2 c: do. 10 oz, 5V 3 c:
Pamfflne Wax Candles, white. Is. 2«, 4s, 6s and
12b, 14 oz, 9c; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c - -
LEA IIIKK- Extra heavy Sole, 26@28c: heavy
Sole, 27c for No 1 and 25c lor No. 2; rueJiurn
Sole, 24@26c for No. 1 and 22c for No. 2. Light
Bole, 23(g,24c for No. 1 and 20@22c 9 lb for No 2;
Harness, heavy. 30@35c; do, medium, v;8c; do,
light, 24@25c; Rough Leather, 18@20; Kips, $40
©45 9 doz: Calf. 70@90c; Rough splits. 4@sc. ,-■
■ SUUAK — The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube; Crusaed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated,
ie; Confectioners' A, sVsc; Magnolia A, 4%c;
Extra C, 4%c; Gulden C, 45/ 8 half barrels, 4 c
more than barrels, and boxes V2 C more.
SYRUP— in bbls, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
9 gal- • • ■ ■ ':■ .- ■ ,:• -.
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each; Redwood, $5 9 cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75.
TANBARK— SI4i» cord. ■ ;. . . '{
LUMBER— Retail prices for • pine are:. No. 1
rough, $13@17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2,
$11; No. 1 Flooring. $-.'l@2B: Lath, $2: Redwood,
$16 for No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, $18@23-
Shingles, common, $> 60: Shakes, $9 9 M.'
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue firm and extra choice small
bring , the top quotation. Good fat Mutton is firm.
Beef is steady.
. Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: ' ' I Jlinltf 'M"Hii»iliiwii _jj
Be. Kb'— First quality. 6c; second do, 4%(a4%c:
third do, 3V a (a.4c r it. " '•■^'■Zk ••
YEA L— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@6c 9 lb. , •
MUTTON — Wethers, 5@3%c; Ewes, 4%@5c
LAMB— 9 lb. ' '•;'
PORK— Live Hogs, 3Vi@3^c 9 » for large and
3% i4c for small and medium; 1 dressed - do, 41-j
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE."
• FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 3.39o,cneese, cti5...... 33
Oregon 6,7861Egg5, doz 7,320
Washington.. 4,2oolllides, no .368
Wheat, 3,!S76iPelm, bd15....... 855
Barley, 8,579 Wool, bi5.....;.. 71
Beans. Hks • 870 '0reg0n.'.....;...* . 119
Oat B, Oregon.... ' 520! Wajulngton... 130
Washincton... . 685iWi!.e. ga15....... ,62,000
Potatoes, sks.... I,9B fallow, ct1*...... . 14
Onions, ska.. 646 Leather, rolls.. 284
Middlings, sks... 257|Lumber, M feet.. 10
Bran, 5k5. ......... l.sO^Lime, bb15;.:...; ' . 81
Hay, tona. 226 Shorts, or., sks.. -- 885
Batter. ctU ' : ai6lFeed, Wash., sks 1- 1,398
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. :
Hli Hauffer, Chicago *G T Myers. Portland '.
G Baker &f, Portland C J McUougal, Portland
B R Bushnell.S Cruz -J P Molvtlle, Grass Val
J G Kagleson, Cal C 6 Mulney, Cal
H Brighton *w, Cal 'W I Tharp, Cal
G D Dormer, Fulton CE Lelte, San Jose
WII Casey. Cal ./■ . .. E Hand, Oakland
A Hawes, Mass Dr Benson * w, Stockton
A Smith, (.ourtland J R Johnson, Stockton
A Radke. Fresno TO Thomas. Neb
Miss E Hoover, Seattle H L Todd A wf. Cal ,
T C i ox. Sonora G W Garrett Ark
?^ T Gari " ( . Ark CH Bailey, Pa
J F Mlnnock, Nev Mrs Rowe, Kan City
Miss T Kowe, Kan City W O Brown, Los Ang
1 L Reed. Reedley . G W James. Pasadena
Mrs F Schofleld, Sacto Miss N schofleld, Sacto
V? e , rrais *' Stockton M C Rinehart Aw. Pa :
. I>el "ley. Watsonv GO Brown, Sacto
A / Rockwell,MUwaukee E H Rohbach. Kan City
JO Cummings, Los Ang L V McAnear A w, sacto
tfu V" lnom MariposaAG Goth, Grand Island
«« Ut ln .\ Frultvale TGllmour, Krultvale
Miss A Perkins, S Diego Miss M Kennedy.S Diego
t. ? 3^*£ i ' Bakersneld .M E Mack, Bakersfield
M iss J Devon, Nw York J McFarland, Pasadena
V Mci-arland. Pasadena M Gillis. Stockton
{ S Brown, Snisun A R Tabor, Auburn
J H Galnes, I"SN j Ueynolds, Gontales
i narlght, Reddin* W H Young, Stockton
R P Mowell, Stockton Mrs Mowell, Stockton
H A Fitzgerald. NY HE Adams, Stockton
Mrs R Johnson, Sacto D Crittenden, N V
J A. Wood, Denver W Waters & w, WatsnvU
Mis* Shaw, Watsonvllle G H Stout, San Jose
•''.ltail. Santa F.osa J B Eckfelc"t, Phlla
v* J3l cGee, Alameda W F Knox, Sacramento
•MissKnos, Sacramento W Freeman. Willows
J Sullivan, Napa . W P McNair, Wichita
BUSS HOUSE.
E Greenfield. Cal E Lamomague, VaaavUl
A B Forester, San Juan A H Keiller. San Diego
J Keiller, San Diego M L 1- lemming, Tulare
J Chambers, Petrolia \V Whalen, Pleasanton
Mrs H Price A s, Eureka Mrs R J zander, Reno
0 P Overton, Santa Rosa J H Martin, Woodland
E J Butler, Eureka Miss R Klng.sacramento
1 L Bradley, Sunol J McCarthy, Vallejd
F Peterson, San Jose O M Van Dozer. Eugene
Mrs L Harris, Sacto W E Wight, Auburn
Miss H Brown, L Banos H 8 Graves. Los Angeles
W Richardson, Vreka H Starke, Wash
J W Swank, Santa Rosa J H Cummlngs&w,S Jose
H F Torse, Uklah \V J Stone, NY
H N Grant, Toledo 6 S Pearce&w, st Louis
D Ward, Detroit F S Ward, Detroit
"E Brown, Mendoclno G F Meade, Hollister
O Crop, New Mexico J C Holleway. Cloverdale
Miss Holleway, Clovrdal N Blackley, Portland
S H Gildene, Salinas C R Scott Por land
WSwetman, Monterey N D Reynolds, Windsor
H Simmons, Stockton *' L Wilson * wf, N Dak
R Wilson. N Dakota G W McLennan, Napa
s L lye. NY S M Cross, Rockiln .
J N Pleasant, Cal C Cunningham, Sunol
PALACE HOTEL.
W Reardon. Mich H Tauberhelmer, Portlan
MlasTaubenhelmer.Portl Mabel Taubenheimer,
P Lotz, Modesto , , • Portland
G H Cobbs Jr, Salt Lake J J Armstrong, N V
B W Goldstein, Chicago HE Falk * f, Lincoln
Q B sperry, Stockton G W Goldstein. Grass Val
T B Taylor, Tacoma CHK Smith, N V
H J Werner. Tacoma T Goodwdle. N V
Breuner, Sac W Hubbard, Lake Forest
J X Choaie, Denver W H Steigerwatt, Phila
Miss steuerwait, Phlla Mrs steigerwalt. Phila
W W Adams, Montana R J Keeler, N V
S H Schell, .V V Miss Schell, N V
Mrs >chell, NY. Mrs Masters, Kansas City
Mrs R L Taylor, Kansas J V Bull, Easton. Pa
Helen Bull. Easton. Pa Jessie Bull, Kaston, Pa
Mrs J V Bull, Easton.Pa G Guirlbert A w. Loulsvl
Miss C R Guirlbert, F J Underwood, N V
Louisville MrsJ H>lmpkl:is,Fresno
C H Cross, South Africa F C Martin, south Africa
,:l LICK HOUSE..
E F Berrihard, Fresno Mrs J W Russell,Meriden
Mrs S Harrison, Merlden MrsF A Schneider.CPark
B L Padget w A c, Portld I Alexander, sacto
Joe Day Aw. Portland N V Huntington, Cal
J A Adams. U s N O L roster, St Johns, N B
W H McMinn. San Jose M Relnhau* s, Winmuc
T M. Todd, Auburn E W Allen, San Jose
Miss A B Karr. Marysv C J Lindgtin&f.Bakersfd
J Simon, Merced Mrs S J simon, Cal
J A Loutltt & w.stockton Mrs M J Bradley Ad.RCy
T S Ford * w, Nev City Miss G Burr, Monterey
J D Young. Stockton Mm 1" White. Alameda
Mrs X p Colgau, Sacto A E Miller *w, sacto
J J Burke, san Jose W H Stevens, San Jose
Mrs Williams, Sacto C P Drury. Alameda
..- ••■:.: • . , '" . BALDWIN HOTEL.
W H Kirk man, Wai la W M O Cirkle. Chicago
A D Anthony, Portland G C Fitscm. Butte ' "
H Walker & w, *tocktn E Sanford. Stockton
A M Relcber, U S N Mrs R Morgan, Seattle
W D Thomas Jr, Phila G T Exton. Pa
C W Frankel, NY. C Ruegg. Uklah
F D Dexter. Baker'Beld J R Castro, San Jose
M stein *w, Stockson Miss M Marks, Stockton
J D McDonald. U S N J M Ci.ntz, Graf ton
W N Ketchum,Cbicago J J Newson, San Rafael
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hartland Law to Ada Law, lot on W line of Van
Ness avenue; 66:3 N or Pacific, N 66:3 by W
124:9; gift. .
Victor and Mary Land to Thomas J. and Ellen
Baldwin, lot on W line of Octavla street, 150 X of
Filbert. N 25 by W 137:6; »10.
Charles A. King to Margaret H. Fuller, lot on E
line of Webster street. 56:6 S of Green, 8 27 by E
s*2:6, subject to right of way 3:6 wide: $10. ■
Margaret H. Fuller to Bertha F. Kinkelln,
same; gift. .;■ -. - :'Mft UMHaßHiaiytiii
■ Leroy G. and Florence Harvey ,to Jean W.
Wright, lot on NW corner of Union ; and Webster,
N 276 by.W 100: $10.  .■•;
John and Kale K. Farnham to Jeanle D. Jewett,
lot on NX corner Union and :-c<nt, h. 36:9 by N
110; $10. .. . - . :
William H. and Clara M. Adalr to George D. Shad
burne, lot on s line of Sacramento, 62:6 W Locust
W25 by 100: $10.
Charles F.Schiller to Dora Schiller, lot on Wllne
of Harrison, 125 S Twenty-first, S 45 by W 122:6:
WO. . ' , .
Joseph Moore to Adolph Eisenbacb, lot on E
line of Valencia street, 85 N of Twentieth, N 25
by 80; $10 :
• Thaddeus E. and Annie J. Grimes to John J.
Bradley, lot on W line of Eureka street, 25 S of
Nineteenth, 8 26 by W 80: *10.
Same to William W. Rednall, lot on W line of
Eureka street, 50 s of Nineteenth, s 25 by W 80
-$1». • • • • -
George D. and Ada M. Shadburneto Edmund
Marks, lot on NW corner of Tweuty-fif th street
and Huffman avenue (Ellen), N 75 by W 100;
$6DOO •
. -Nicholas F. P. Witzemann to Emily W. C.
Wltzeman, undivided eighth of all following: Lot
on NX corner of Jackson and Drumm streets, N
60 by E 62; also lot on N line of Jackson st, 62 li
of Drumm, E 20 by N 40; also lot 25, block 643.
Point Loboa-a venue Homestead; lot on W line of
Boy re street, 612 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25
by W ■ 120: i also Alameda County property: also
all Interest in certain moneys on depotit; $1500.
Hugh and Teresa Keenan to Gtorge D. shad
burne. lot on SW corner of Alameda and Mfahigan
streets, W 100 by 100. $10.
• Alfred L. and Ester Jacobsen to Eugene and
Hannah Conway, lot on E line of Ninth avenue,
275 feet N of California street, 8 26 by E 120 feet.
$10. .■;;>,.. i ■•. . ....
Kst- Frances K. Dugan, .by Patrick F. Dugan,
administrator, to H. A. Jones, commencing 127:6
feet W of Fourteenth avenue ana 199 feet N of C
street, W 70 by S 25 feet, $135.
A Joanna M. and Thomas A. Driscoll to Johanna
Hass, lot on SE corner of Warren and Thirtieth
streets. E 50 by S 150, lot 68, block 26, Fairmount
Homestead Association; $10.
Barbara Drleschman to Matilda Driescbman, lot
on » line of States street, 3 feet \V from W line of
lot 21, block 15. Flint Tract Homestead. W 60, S
to Bw boundary line of lands of Flint Tract
Homestead, SK 57:6. N to beginning portion of
lot 22, block 15, Flint Tract Homestead; gift.
John Drleschman to same, same; $10.
 '.'. : t . . AUHF.DA COUNTY.
Jacob and Sarah (Jordan to Helmut Lewin, lot
on sk corner of Third' and Madison streets. .-> 60
by E 100, being lots 7 and 8, block 131. Oakland;
$10. .
Louis Gllordl, administrator of the estate of Mat
teo • Ciilar ii to G. J. Briones, all Interest in lot on
SW line of Fourteenth street. 207:65 E of Center
E 25 by 6 110, being lot 16, block 679, map of
baseball grounds, Fourteenth and Center streets.
Oakland: $1. . -
W. K. and Matilda P. Barnard to Lizzie C. Chap
man, lots 1 and 8, block H, being a subdivision of
blocks 0} and H, Flint Tract, subject to a mort
gage, Oakland; $10.
James Lane to Mary Lane. : lot 22, . block G
nowles and Potter subdivision Kennedy Tract'
E«st Oakland; gift. v '
. Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones : to Jesse D. Han
nah, lot on W line of Short street. 150 SW of Al
lendaleavenue, SW 75 by NW 100, being lots ll
12 and 13. block 10, Ailendale Tract, Brooklyn
.Township; $10.
-W. r A: L. Knowles to Sophia Curtis, lot on W
line of Ninth street, 200 S of Railroad avenue, s
65 by W 133:6, Alameda: $2900. :
• W. E. (and as attorney) and Delia F. N. Brown
(by attorney) to Joseph A. Leonard Company (a
corporation), lot on E line of Park street 282:4 a
of sail Jose avenue. S 50, E 118:314, N 50 W
-117:5Vi to teglnning, being lot D, block 18, Ala
meda Park Homestead, Alameda; $10.
Joshua R. Mead (trustee) ' ci al. to Kate Drever
lot on S line of Mead avenue, 490 W of San Pablo'
W35 by S 125.70. being lot 45 and W 10 feet lot
46, Map of Mead Park. Oakland: $10.
■ Same to Andrew Rankln, lot on N line of Mead
avenue. 225 Wof san Pablo avenue. W 25 by N
125. lot 11, Mend Park, Oakland; $10. '
- Milton J. and Kittie C. Green to George E. Per
kins, lot on NE line of Bella Vista avenue, 52 67
8E from X corner of Bella Vista and Eleventh
avenues, NE 135. ; NW 46 97,' SW 135.16 SF.
62.67 to beginning, portion of lot 7 and all of lot 8
E«t k oS-kfa e nd R : $&" park> BUb3ect '° m ° r **<^
George E. Perkins to Eva E. Perkins, same, East
Oakland: gift.
Mountain View Cemetery Association Co Qretna
Anderson,: lot 141 In plat 12, Mountain 'View
Cemetery, Oakland Township: $55. *
-■ A. F. and Minnie Hass to W. H. Cornell, lot on
E line of Ellis street, 160 S of Prince, S 75-3 by E
t l2O. lot 115, block 4, Regent-street Homestead
Association, Berkeley; $10. '
-- Andy L. Stone to amnel Galbraith, lot on W
line of Orange street, 1-10 SE of Orchard avenue
SW 62:10, NW 140, NX 61.95. SE 140 to begin
ning, lot 73, Marion .. Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$5. .-'-.*■■ ' " '.' - : ■
• Andrew ana Jane C. Jones "to Hester A. Frits
lot 28, block M, Man of Andrew Jones' - sub
division, Brooklyn Township; $10. - .
Same to Gilbert. A. Brok&w, lot 29, block M
same, Brooklyn Township; $10. •;■ ■
Same to Henry Smith, lots 35 and 26, block M
same. Brooklyn Township; $10. v, .
■. Josephine Wilson to Frances A. Stone (wife of
P. V.). lot on • .sW corner of Lafayette street and
Alameda avenue, W 49:4 by . S 150, to correct
427 d 181, Alameda: $j.. > -. -
A. H. It. and Ernestine A. Schmidt to same, lot
on SW corner of Lafayette street and Alameda
avenue. \V 49:4 by S 150, blew* 5, BartleU 60-acre
Tract, Alamtda; $10.
. j] V ' -•' Itnilders* Contracts.
1. J. F. Boehn with W. W. ■ Rednail, to erect a
three-room cottage on S line of Nineteenth street,
80 \V of Eureka; $500:- W. W. Rednall, architect.
Spring ; Valley Water • Works i with ; Bay mead
Granite Company, granite work on SE corner of
Oeary and Stockton streets; 924,000; Clinton
Day, architect.
Emlle R. Allen with John B. Glunz, to erect a
two-story frame building on E line of Fifth
avenue, 275 S of California; $2132: architect,
owner.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
JDI.Y. 1896.
Su. Mo. Tn. _W. Th. yr-j^a-j Moon , g PnMea
1 2 ' 3 * (fMAst Quarter.
; ] I*--' July 2.
5 8 7 8 9 10 11 j
©New Moon.
— — .. .„ .„  ,„ . Ju 'y ">•
19 20 21 H 23 ! 2 4 26 d)" jay!"
28 27 28 | 29 SO 131 6?V full Moon.
' July 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS
I Dat«»« of Departure From San Fnmclico.
prit*.
Trnctee.... Coos 8ar...... JnlylS. Oceanic
Santa Rosa. San Diego Julylß.llAM Pier 11
*nn....... c©o» uar...... Julyltf.lOA* Pier 13
P0m0na..... Momboldtßar JulyltS. Yru Pier ;■*
Columbia... ; Portland ...... JolylJ.lOAM. Pier 21
•t Pant....;. !.\«WDort ...... July 18. 9au Pier 11
CltyPuebl*. \ Vie & Pet Una July 18. Dam Pier 9
Newport j Central Amer. Julylß,l2 mS W A
Faralioa... | Ibo ulna bar.. July 19. 9am I'ler 3
arcata Portland | July 2o. 4pm , Pier 24
C0r0na...... San D1ee0..... \ Julv'JO.llam i Pier 11
ABlanchard Oregon ports.. jJulv2l. spm Pier 13
Doric Chlna&JauaD. July 21, 3pm PM. S £
Weeott..... Ket Kiver JulyJl, 6pm Pier 13
Emu .... M»woon ....... July 22. Van I Pier 11 •
Bt»f of Cai Portl«n«l |Jnlva2.loAM Pier 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Stkamkr
I
From
I)VK
Mineola Comox July 15
Corona Humboldt Bay July 15
National City... Humboldt Bay July 16
8t Paul Newport. _ ..July 16
FanUlon Yaanina Bay .... ..July 1U
Arcaia Portland Julyl6
Cleone Crescent City July 16
Cut of Everett Nanaimo July 17
Mexico San Diego Julv-18
Crescent Uuy. . . iTemu uir. .. ..July 18
Proeresqist Departure Bay July 18
Weeott... i tei lilver July 19
State of Cal 'Portland . July 19
Alice BlancbanJ Oregon ports July 19
Walla W alia '< Victoria <fc Pucet Bound ..July 19
Fomona, Humooiat uar July 19
Mackinaw | iwoma July 20
Nortn iota. : Humboirtt Bay Juiv 'JO
China i China and Japan July 20
EureKa.. Newport.'. July vO
PrOKreso iseaiue July 20
Arago [Coos Bay Julv2l
Empire I Portland July 21
■ant» Koaa. wan Oiego, I ..July 22
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. *. Coast Airt> Obodktio Bnsv«T Tro*")
BcLi.KTiir Published by OFFICIAL >-
.AUTHORITY or THE BIJPKBf DBJJT. I
Wednesday, July 15.
Sunrises 4.59 Moon rises...
Sunsets.^ 7.32 IMoon1 Moon sets 10.19pm
.Tuly-1896. ~~
gjTlm. Feet HE£i Feetills« Feet ILES Feet
p?HW L.W HW LW
13 0._6; 5~7S 7.25—0.7 2.34;
14 1.24| 54! 8.07 -0.2 3.07j
15 2.26 4.9 855 0.4 3.4 ft
16 5.44 4.31 9.34 1. i 4.22
17 6.12 4.1 1 10.24 1.7 5.07
L W H W U \V
18 0.01 0.8 6.48 4.0 13.1b
575 77*5 275
5.2 8.36 2.2
f>.4 9.45 1.8
■ 3.5 10.45 1.3
6.7 .....
H W
2.4 5.55 : 5.8
Not*— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a-t to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the thlrtl
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh., and then the number pi yen is subtruciive
froM 1 'he d"pUi jvc-n hv ■he charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Htdrooraphtc Offtcr, U. 9. N., •)
MkBCHANTS' KXCHANRB. >
San Fkancisco. July 14. 1898. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at. 8 p. «., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fecetkleb,
Lieutenant \' ?-. N. tn ch-TW.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY. July 14.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas. 40 hours from Coos
Bay: pass, and mdse. to J D tjnreckels it Bros Co.
Stmr Arago. Reed, 40 hours from Coos Bay. via
Port Orford 34 hours; pass and mflse. to Oregon'
Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr City of Pnebla, Debney, 56 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
GoodaU. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 6214 hours fro San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A
Co.
Stmr San Benito, Smith, 80 hours from Tacoma;
4000 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Br bark Formosa, Ohrloff. J>s days from Hong
kong: mdse, to M J Brandensteln * Co.
Schr John A, Hellquist, 48 hours from Eureka;
460 M ft lumber, to Geo L Sweet.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, H y 3 days from Salmond
Bay; 336 M ft lumber, 200 M shingles, to J H Bax
ter.
Cleared.
- TUESDAY. July 14.
Ship St John, Fales, New York; John flosen
feld's Sons.
Schr Francine, McLean, halibut fishing; A Mc-
Lean. - .
Sailed.
TUESDAY, July 14.
U 8 stmr Philadelphia. Cotton. Puget Sound.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson Santa Cruz.
Stmr Excelsior, Higgins, Eureka.
Stmr Del None. Stockfleth, Grays Harbor.
. Stmr Weeott, Whitney, Port Kenyon.
Stmr Eureka, Jepson. San Pedro.
: Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka. ' .
Stmr Albion, LunaqulsC ' - '
• Btmr Sunol, Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Point Conception.
Tug Vigilant, Randall, Point Conception.
Nlc brlc Salvador, Hobbs. Portland.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, Coquille River.
Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Bchr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. July 14-10 p. it-Weather,
thick : wind SW: velocity. 14 inliej.
Charter*.
The schr W F Jewett loads mdse for TJnga Is
land: Cbil bark India, lumber at Tacoma for Val
paraiso, owners' account; schr G W Watson, lum
ber at Port Blakeler forHono nlu; Br ship Corolla
lumber at Moody He for Freeman tie, Australia,
prior to arrival, JOs. ■ ■'-;■„-■ ■
Dniiiextic Port*.
BEAR HARBOR— Arrived July 14-Stmr La
guna, hence July 13.
SAN DIEGO— July 14— U a stmr Alert
for San Francisco.
EVERETT— sailed July 11— Schr Dora Bluhm
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA-salied July 14— Br bark Australia,
for Qneenntown.
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 14— Schr Wm Ren ton,
for Redondo. '
NAVARRO— Arrived July 14— Stmr Point
Arena, hence July 13.
MENDOCINO— Arrived July 14— Schr Bobolink,
hence July 11.
VENTURA— Arrived July Stmr Geo Lo>mls
hence July 13. and sailed for San Francisco
EUREKA— SaiIed July 14-Stmr Corona and
*chr Eclipse, for San Francisco.
BOWENs LANDINO-Arnved July 14-Schr
Newark, hence July 13.
Sailed July 14-Stmr Navarro.
■ Foreign Port*.
HONGKONG— Sailed July 13— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco, via Honolulu.
DEAL-Passed July 13— Br bark Dalrymple, fm
Hamburg, for San Francisco. •
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 13— Br ship Dun
trune. from Oregon.
■„ PANAMA— July 3— Stmr San Bias, hnc
June 8. .
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed July 11— Brg Court-'
ney Ford, for. Unga. ;
UoTem«nt« or Trana- Atlantis St<t«>ni»r«.
NEW YORK— Arrived . July 14-S;mr Berlin,
from A nt werp. .
Sailed July 14— Stmr Havel, for Bremen.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out July Stmr
Vondaam. WMB^jßsaws
BREMEBHAVEN— Arrived out July 14— Stmr
Dresden. . --
LlZARD— Passed Joly 14— Stmr Edam, from
New York, for Amsterdam.
SClLLY— Passed July 14— Stmr Lahn, from
New York, for Bremen: stmr Prussia,, from New
York, for Ham burg.
Importation*. . •
PORT ORFORD— Per Arago-32 tubs 13 bxs
batter. 1 pkg mdse, 1 sic coin.
- Coos Bay— lB tubs 30 bxs outter, 4 bxs cheese 1
bx twine, 20 odis hides, 8 pkjrs mdse, 2 sks coin.
2 ship knees, 70 Mft lumber, 4 eds wood 1 cs
woolen eeods. ' w
COOS BAY— Per Trnckee— 3ol tons coal 65
tubs 15 bxs butter. 41 bogs, 5 bales woolen good a.
20 sks salt, 1 pkg castings. 27 sks wool 19nkgs
hides. 2 bxs beeswax. 6 pkgs hides, 1 pc pipe
■ VICTORIA-Per City of i'uebla-^3B bals hides.
1 tub 1 cs cheese, 1 cs oasie. 2 cs bitters. 2i/ 2 bb:s
wine. 1 chest tools, 2 bxs boons, . 110 pkg S curios,
lo6^^e! ne •^; Dkß^^:^^»^^;
Port Townsend- 160 bdls salt hides.7o kegs wire
nails, 1 chest personal effects, 1 bx overalls
Seattle via , G N Ry-a bxs coffee, 8 pkgs house
bold KOOds, 1 bx sacks, 973 sks feed, 5 bdls hides.
Seattle-53 bxs salt meat, 153 sks salt mea-, 20
crts salt meat 67 bdls pelts, 667 bdls hides 1 pke
hardware. 1 bdl P D track, 6 bbls junk, 5 bdls junk
7 pcs junk, 1 chest tools. 44 Dfcgs household goods.'
9 cs patent medicine,: 10 bbls salt pork 1 bx
thread, 1 trunk clocks. 8 bales carpet, 1 keg wine.
1 bdl chairs. 2 cs fuse, 1 cs dry goods. 3 bais saws,
1 15 sks bones. 425 sks oats, 3 bdls skins. 4 crates
linoleum. 87 cs lard, 121 cs canned beef, 1 coll
copper. 4 bbls brass. 1 printing press. 1 bx per
sonal effect^ 27 bxs fish, 1116 tons coaL -
Vancouver via C P Ry_a cs dry gooJs, 12 cs
•underwear, 2 cs M goods, 3 bxs pianos. 17 cs hats.
Tacoma— 6 2, sks bone, 1 keg brandy, 1 cask 6cs
cnilery.
■ New Wbatcom-1 sealed bag. 1 , •. ' ;
Evarett— 2B cs Bauer, 140 bdls paper.. 574 rolls
paper, Ibx dry goods. 1100 bars bullion, 32 pcs
West'of Fargo via Tacoma— l3o sks wool. 1 bx
sheep shears, . 851) hf-sks 500 qr-sks flour, 340 qr
sks oats, 42& sks mill feed.
East of Fargo— l bx extract. 1 ox pepsin, 2c«
boots and shoes. -• - , . , '•
.SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— l bx plants, 1 lot
furniture, 1 bx soap, 4 cs shoes. 1 bbl kraut. 623
bxs lemons, 1 bx dry goods. 53 bxs oranges, 3 cits
peppers. I*s bxs raisins. 1 bx grape fruit.
Redondo-313 bxs lemons, 1 sk coffee, 106 bbls
wine, 146 cs honey. 50 bxs oranges.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles-2 cs rubber
stamp goods, 1 cs bulbs. 7 ukga mdse, 1 hbl lea
wine, 1 cs brandy, 1 cs corks, 1 bale woolen mats,
3cs canned fruit. Redondo-115 cs canned beet,
Loa Angeles via Redondo-115 cs canned beef,
5 cs bacon, 4 cs sewing macbiues, L cs drugs, 1
pkg mdse. 1 pkg castings, 1 bbl beeswax.
Port Los Angeles-1 bx Indian curios, 3 bxs
lemons.
Santa Barbara— l 2 bbls mineral water, 5 b.ts to
bacco, 1/2 ob! liquor, 211 bxs lemons. 1 Dx seed, '1
port jsarford-2 bxs paper cutlers. 1 bx dried
Port Harford-2 bxs paper cutlers. 1 bx dried
fruit, 4 cs 1 crate cheese. 18 cs egtjs. 32 bxa butter,
1 Iron wheel, 2i bals hides. 2 pkg* mdse, 14 oxs
flan. 6 coops chickens, 23 dressed calves. •
Santo Maria-^74 sks beans, 1677 ska barley,
270 sks wheat.
Conaisrne««. -
Per Truckee— J D Spreckels & Bros Co; Risdon
Iron Works: Hillsßros: Bandon Woolen-mills: M
P Detels: CE Whitney & Co: Simpson Lumber Co;
Standard Oil Co: American Salt Co: Hulme <$: Hart.
Per Arazo— Hllmer, Bredholl <fc Scnnlz; bhasta
Water Co: Getz Bros A Co; Dodge. Sweeney «fc Co:
Ross & Hewlett; Marshall, Teggart * Co: Marshal
6 Keiniers; Wells. Fargo & Co; *M Frank * Co:
C F Weber & Co; Hills Bros; Coghlll & Kohn: X B
Dean <fcco- Wiel-nd Brewing Co; Standard Oil Co;
MP Detels: Thomas Loughran: lliuertiia Brew
ery; Wieland Brewing Co; Union Brewery; a
Davis.
Per City of Puebla— Bisulnger * Co; Berlin A
Leporl; L Bier: p.->ummerfleia; dayman Co: J
D French; Wells. Fargo <fc Co: Geo Jamamoto; lto
Sotomi&Co: Parrott A Co; Baker Hamilton: R
Bersiing; W Cohen; Hlrsch <fc Co; Fredericksbars
Brewery: A Schilling* Co; DRDufrens: Kahn
Bros: Murphy, Grant & Co; Thomas Loughran: C
H Almond; Thos Usher; Armour Packing Co: Pac
Bone Fertilizing Co; Bernstein Bros: Klein &Co;
C E Whitney & Co: Dr W D Frederick r George A
Clark A Bros; H B Callsher: H D Thomas Jr: H
Dechant; Getz Bros ife Co: J E Farrell: Pac Saw
Mtg Co; J W Kuvaman; Judson Dynamite and
I Powder i o: Pacific Ammonia and Chemical Wrks:
, W & J Sloane & Co: W B Sumner A Co: Duff A Co;
R Morgan; Homers A Co; Western Meat Co: W C*
Hinton; W T Garretl A Co: American Union Fish
Co: California Coal and Grain Co; Oregon Imp Co;
BCurtaz Son; TriestACo; Selby Smelting and
Lead Co; W A J Sloane A Co: Rothschild A Co: A
H Price: Heistand, Warner A Co;' G W Howard:
W G Richardson; Blake, Moffitt A Towne; Anglo-
California Bank; Triest A C; T J Golden: A Day
I A Co; Moore, Ferguson A Co : H Dutard; J L Sulli
van: Dunham. Carrigan A Co; C N Knudsen: A
| Haas; Lachman a Jacob! : Malteucci A Varinicci;
Schlesinger A Bender: W P Morgan.
Per Santa Rosa— Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Adolpb.
Hansen : Norton. Teller A Co: Lev! Spleeel A Co;
Good all, Perkins A Co; Ross A Hewlett: Osmond,
Slcine & Co; Cahn, Nickelsburg<&Co; Triest A Co:
Jonn F English; L Scatena A Co; J P Thomas: H
O Greenhood; Wetmore Bros; J Ivancovlch & Co;
Eveleth A Nash: Gray A Barbieri ; Dal ton Bros;
Southern California Fruit Co: A Galll Fruit Co;
Campodonico A Malcolm: Garcia <&Magginl; Nash
A Buesen-cker: .-.an Francisco Brewing Co: The
Lewis Packing Co: B Frappoli; A schilling A Co;
California Wine Association: Cutting Packing Co;
J W *poiTard: F H Ames & Co; White sewing
Machine Co: OF Downing A Co: Pac Ammonia
and Chemical Works: Pacific Coast Borax Co; T
T Murphy: C D Hunker A Co; D E Allison & Co;
Wasbburn-Moen MfgCo; H H Berger A Co; Geo
Marks; Hills Bros; Kittle A Co: Parke <3£ l.aoy; W
M use: Henry Clifton; Sunset Seed and Plant Co;
J Ivancovich A Co: Lev! Spiegel ACo; H Waldeck;
Standard Oil Co ; Garcia A Magginl: Enterprise
Brewery; Buffalo Brewery; H Kirchmann <te Co;
Htimer, BredhoiT & Schulz; Bnss, Sanders A Co;
Dairymen's Union: G CamiUonl A Co: Pac Const
Fish Co: Western Meat Co; Witzel A Baker; S P
American Union Fish Co: A Levy A Co; Buffalo
Brewery; M.T Freitas A Co: Wbeaton, Breon A Co:
H Dutard; BG ACo: J M Moore; Marshall
A Relmers: H Wa'.decu: J J Duffy Co: HJI
Newhall A Co: . G Camilloni A Co; J Hoffman;
American Union Fish Co: H Kirchmann A Co.
OCEAJt STEAMSHIPS^
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ WWW
HAWAII, • SAMOA, Lav HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ■! by
AUSTRALIA. S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND tor SYDNEY, Thursday, July 23,
at 2 p. m. ' • ■
& s. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU Only, Tues-
day, August 4. a: 10 a.m. Special party rates.
Line to COOLGA i. D.E.Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. ■ ■
J D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents,
•'■•'. ll v Montgomery street.
• Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
ASTORIA AIPGRMII
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
; MEALS AND BERTHS- INCLUDED.
I Columbia sails June 27, July 7, 17 and 27
; State of California sails....' July 2, 12 and '2'i
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO.. Genl. Snpts.
-> '■' - - • F. F. CONNOR, General AReirX
- ■ ■ .: 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAJ!
QTEAMER3 WILL SAIL FROM A**
0 Broadway wharf. Han Franclsca as -giCßaM*
follows: ■ -
For Mary Island. Lori WraneeL Juneaa. KU-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a. it, July 3, 13,
18.28 mi ... 12, -7. . ■
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes andNe*
Whatcom (Bell in sham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v.
July 3. ■. 13. m, 23. 28. and -every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. B. R_
at Seattle with Q. N. Ry., at Por; Towcsend wlia
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landlne (Huta-
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 p. it., ,m,y 5. 8. L£
IB SI > -J4. 2^ and ever/ fourth day thereafter.
■ For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East Sab
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Julj
2, 6. 1" ■». IS, 22. 2(5. 30 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. it, my ■•. ft. 12. Itj, 20, :M, 2*.*a± evec»
fourth day thereafter.
For Knseuada. San Jose del Cabo, Maxatlan. La
Fax. Altata and G nay mas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a.m., in yS«;ia -Jstr.of e:-ic,> ..loniti th°reaftPE
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALX, PERKINS & CO., Genl Agent*,
= - ■•■■'.-■-'■- lOMarlotgt. San Francisco.
: COJIPAGIIE GENERAL TRMSATLAJITiODg
French Lin* to Ham "
! /COMPANY'S PIER <NEW), 42 NORTH rm m
I \J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by TTVM
this line avoid both transit oy English rallwayaSl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
! boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pari*.
; firs t-ci ass if 160; second-class, »1 18.
| I ATOURAINE. Capt. Bantelll.. . .May 3& 8 a. m.
| LA NORMANDIE. May- "Salt 2*
1 LA GASCOGNE...^. Jn c"a 7l *L
j LA .NOK«IANI)IK....» July i, 6 a. 2
LA GASCOGNE July 25. 11 a. £
LA NORM A NDI K Aueust i, 5 It it
LA BOURGOONE. Capt. Leboeut June 6, 7 a. X.
tW For further cartlcalars apply to
?i. „ __ A. FORGET. Agent,
. . -»,-. „. 'v 8 in - Uroen, New York.
J. *. FTJQAZI A CO, Agents, 8 Montgomaiv
| avenue. San Francises. -•"■«»
WHITE STAR LISg.
United States and Royal Hall Steamen
ntwm
New York, Queen town & LlverpooL
SAILINO EVEKV AVKKK. MUO *
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -r »■
in? to steamer and accommodations fcSsj
selected; second cabin, ?3B and *40; MajeT^caJa
Tautonio. i Steerage TickeU from England. Ire-
r^^l»nd Sweden, Norway and Dtnmarlc
Sn?nf Z , aa Fr » nciBC <» " rates. Tickets,
J^^ir w es .- t a S. < l5 abln P ! » M m »t »* Procured
SlSS^i^ M e u° f l , h * c « m P an^. 613 Market stresfc
late unad Hot*i. g. W. Fletcher.
Qenetal Agent for Pacific Coast.
I ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COJIPAIY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >MS.
._ fortnightly for the West Indies and 40U3«&
! Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
i France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
- Through bills ■of lading. in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ore to direct ports In England and Germany.':
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195 ; thirl
class, *97 50. Fcr further particulars apply to
I«AKKOTT A CO., Agents,
306 California aU
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6P. M, Daily. MeigriL received vi
- '-to .:3d »'. jL v
Jay Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
1 1 --V 31 X X *»:
TV C. Walker. •..•>, . J. i>. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton
Telephone Main 805. Cm. Nay. and i mpu (S,
fALLEJO, MARE # BKSIGiA.PO&t
COSTA All CROCKETT.
_ L STK. MONTKELLO,
OaBT, Saturday and Sunday-10:30 A. ay
•nd 4 r. K. : Saturday, 10:30 *. i.. 3:30» Ml
•landing, ittlsaion 1, Pimt 4.
; STEAMER ALYISOT
1 at Alvtio, San Jose, leaves Pier 1 daily at 10 a. it
(bundays excepted); Alviso daily mTp »"«,*
urdaysex-epted). Freight and Passenge?" VVre
Jj^MABTLV, Agent, 20' w! feait. Cl »Ja'sS liA DESERTED WIFE
ENDS HER MISERY,
Mrs. Maggie Lence Swal
lows Two Ounces
of Poison.
TWO YEARS MARRIED.
Without a Husband's Support,
She Could Not Battle for
Herself and Child.
RUSHED TO HER MOTHER.
And While Explaining What She
Had Done, Unconsciousness
Came to Her Relief.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 14. J
Mrs. Maggie Lence ended her life of nn
happiness 10-night by swallowing the con-
Mrs. Maggie Lence, Who Was Deserted by Her Husband and Ended Her
Despondency by Taking Poison.
tents of a two-ounce bottle of carbolic acid.
When the cas9 was telephoned to trie
Receiving Hospital Steward Victory took
the usual appliances and made quick time
on his wheel to the dying woman's house.
Dr. J. P. Dunn arrived soon after, but their
united efforts were unsuccessful and the
young woman expired without regaining
consciousness.
There is plenty of reason why Mrs.
Lence should desire to end Her life. Her
short experience as a wife was one of
marked bitterness. Two years ago she
was Miss Maggie Collier and a most pro
nounced favorite among her friends. She
was tnen just 20 years old.
At that time she met John Lence, and
shortly afterward she placed her future
happiness in his keeping. Accordiug to
the story of the motner he proved very
recreant to the great trust reposed in him.
About a year ago a little boy arrived at
the Lence home in West Oakland, but it
lias not lived through the first year of its
life under the guardianship of its father.
About the time the child was born Lence
ie;t his wife and baby and has not re
turned to them since.
The grief of being deserted and the care
of herself and boy proved a greater burden
than the young wife could sustain. Each
month the young face became more wan
and the footstep more weary. Recently
the young woman Has been more than
usually despondent. She would frequent
ly leave tbe company of others and try to
find relief in tears. But tears only bring
temporary relief, and finding that each
morning presented to her a more dreary
world than its predecessor she resolved on
a desperate step.
This afternoon she rushed into her
mother's ruom and threw herself on tiie
bed, exclaiming as she did so, "I have
done it."
"What have you done?" quickly asked I
her mother.
"1 have taken it and I'm going; yes, I'm
going now, I'm go — " The word was never I
finished for the speaker lost the power of '
speech, and a second later was uncon
scious, yet writhing on the bed with agony
expressed by her drawn-up limbs.
A glance at the girl showed that she had !
taken poison. Mrs. Collier gave the alarm, j
and Steward Victory and Dr. DunnworKed "■
heroically with the stomach pump. The i
young wife, however, was past aid, and j
twenty minutes after, lying on tbe bed, ■
her miseries were ended.
An inspection of her room told all that
was necessarj*. On tbe flour was a two- |
ounce bottle labeled "Carbolic acid." It ;
was empty, but for a few drops that '
showed how recently it had been full.
The body was taken to the Morgue and !
the inquest will probably reveal that part j
of the atfory which is as yet untold.
EDEN PANLOR.
Installs New Officers at N. S. G. W. Hall '
at Hay-wards.
HAYWARDS, Cal., July 14.— Eaen
Parlor of ihe Native Sons held a g^aud in
stallation entertainment and banquet to
night. The N. S. G. W. Hall was crowded.
The officers instalied were: Dr. George
Reynolds, president; Peter Hoare, first
vice-president; M. Templeton, second vice
president; John btanton, third vice-presi
dent; Lewis Pimentul, recording secre
tary; Dr. H. Powell, financial secretary;
Dr. H. A. PoweJ, treasurer; Carl Nudec'k,
marshal; W. Ackerman, < .-inside sentinel;
(ieorge Oakes, inside sentinel.
net Deputy William Hines of Oak
land officiated at the installation cere
mony.
ELECTED SIX TIMES.
The State Hoard of Pharmacy Again
Honor Dr. Melvin.
OAKLAND, Cal., JuJy 14.— Tlie mem-
of the State Board of Pharmacy have j
honored one of Oakland's most prominent
is, Dr. Melvin, by re-electing him
Resident oi that board. This is the doc
l0£« sixth terra.
"c was tbe prime mover in the organi
zation of this boerd wuich has for its ob-
ject the protection of the public by requir
ing all druegists to be duly licensed.
Since its formation he has seen that the
laws were enforced.
GREAT REGISTER.
No One Can Vote for > cKinley Who
Neglects to Visit the
Clerk.
-OAKLAND, Cal., July 14. — County
Clerk Jordan says aoout four-fifths of the
voters of Alameda County are already on
the new Great Register. Tnis is over 2000
names, with only about 5000 more to regis
ter.
The books close in this county on Au
gust 9, a week later than in San Francisco,
and all who desire to vote at the general
election th is fall must see that their names
are upon the register at that time.
• • • ♦ — » — t
QUARRELED OVER A BUGGY.
Charged With an Assault to Murder as
a Consequence.
August Olsen, a stableman, swore to a
warrant charging Albert J. Lefort with an
assault to murder, and to-day the latter
was in the Police Court to answer the
charge. He was released last evening on
$2000 bonds, given by John Johan, a coal
dealer, and James McManus, the under
taker.
Olsen claims that Lefort came into his
stable last Sunday and abused him be
cause he (Olsen) had told the owner of the
horse and buggy used by Lefort on July
4 that he had driven it hard. He says
Lefort then picked up a heavy Bcale weight
and threw it at him, barely missing his
head.
Wedding at Camp-Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 14.— The un
usual spectacle of a wedding ceremony at
a camp-meeting will be witnessed to
morrow evening at the Salvation Army
camp at Trestle Glen. The contracting
parties are Wilfred Holmes, a native of I
Nova Scotia, aged 29, and Miss Nettie '■
Swan, a native daughter of the Golden
West, aged 23.
Viers Was Xot Prosecuted.
William Viers was discharged by Judge
Wood in the Police Court this morning
for want of evidence. He was charged
with assaulting a small boy. After at
tempting to get evidence from several of i
the boys without success, Attorney Mcl- I
yin remarsed that it looked as if the j
case had been fixed. The mother of the j
assaulted boy thought this was a reflec- j
tion on her and wanted to talk to the
Prosecuting Attorney on the subject. She i
was referred to his room, but when he !
went in to join her she was nowhere to be
found.
Through a Bathtub.
W. E. Peck, an employee of Sherman,
Clay & Co., took a spin on his wheel Mon
day, and on his return took a shower-bath
before dressing. As he was standing in
I the marble bathtub the bottom gave way
i and let Mr. Peck through.
Dr. J. M. Shannon, who dressed the
wounds caused by the ragged edges of the
I marble, took rifty stitches to place the
i man in shape to rest comfortably.
HUNTING FOR FEATURES.
Irish and Maguire May Debate
en Money at the Expo
sition.
Total Receipts of One Day to Be
Awarded to the Associated
Charities.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Oakland, July 14. )" j
The work of preparing for the Oakland I
Exposition is going ahead rapidly. The
■ chief effort of the programme committee
j is being directed to procuring "features"
■ for each evening.
The suggestion has been made that on
one evening Colonel Irish and Congress- ;
man Maguire debate upon the gold and !
I silver question. Arrangements are now
I being made for the purpose of bringing
| about what would undoubtedly prove the
j most attractive feature of the exposition.
Mr. Judson of the line arts committee
i reported that the dippli<y of pictures will
i be of a very superior character. The fol
! lowing artists have already arranged to j
; exhibit their work:
Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. Mann, Mrs.
, Buike-Alverson. R. D. Yelland, William
| Keith, C. C. Judson, Miss Isabel Hunter. !
Miss Carpenter, Mrs. Gelwicks. Mr. Part- J
\ ineton, R. L. Partingion of The Call
I staff, Miss Wetherell, Mrs. Farnura, Mr. '
| CobblUick, Mr. Schmidt, Miss Cooper, W.
yon Helms, Edwin Deakin, Oscar Deakin.
Superintendent Sharp is highly pleased
! with tue progress made by the miniature
park, and it promise a to be very attractive.
There will be a newspaper row, and al
though it will not be quite as imposing as
j the Paternoster there is enough journal
istic material in Alameda County to make
j a great showing.
The committee on invitations reported
j in favor of having short addresses made
on the opening night by President Nelson,
i Governor Bmld, Mayor Davie, Senator
I Perkins, William K. Davis and Horace
Davis, president of the California Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association.
A consultation was held between the
exposition committees and a committee
representing the Associated Charities to
day. As a result it was agreed tdat the
receipts of either Tuesday or Thursday of
the first week should be devoted to "the
thirty-three affiliated societies represented
by the association. The association is to
provide a superb entertainment for the
occasion, and assert that the building will
be filled.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
EXTENSION MAY
NOT BE GRANTED.
Much Depends on Mr.
Morehouse of San
Leandro.
HOPE FOR SUPERVISORS
They May Not Have Time to
Do the Necessary "Ad
vising."
BANE STOCKS IN DOUBT.
Assessor Dalton Produces Many Au
thorities That Favor As
sessing It.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 14. )
The Supervisors, sitting as a Board of
Equalization, are in a quandary. They
are not certain that the State Board will
grant them an extension oi time.
The last question asked of the County
Clerk to-night by Chairman Bailey was in
regard to their request for an extension of
time, and the Clerk answered that no no
tice had yet been received.
The matter of an extension of time is of
the greatest importance just now, as all
the important protests are "under advise
ment," whatever that may mean to an
Aiameda Supervisor, and if the necessary
"advice" be not obtained before next Mon
day the assessments must stand as they
are.
way out of their difficulty would
be very acceptable to the Supervisors, as it
would relieve them of the necessity of
deciding questions that may jeopardize
their re-election in November. Lou More
house of San Leandro is the member of
the State Board of Equalization from this
district, and he will, of course, decide the
facts of Aiameda County's desire for an
extension of time. Mr. Morehouse's ac
tion, and incidentally his presence, has
decided questions of assessment before in
this county, so if Mr. Morehouse thinks
the railroad and bank assessments are
about right he may not advise an. exten
sion. Should he think they need "equal
izing," which in Aiameda County means
reducing, an extension may be looked for.
In either case Mr. Morehouse of the State
board and E. Black Ryan of the Southern
Pacific will be prominent factors.
A. G. Sinclair was the first lucky man
that met the Board of Equalization this
afternoon. He asked that his assessment
be reduced to coniorm with those around
him. He was assessed $150, while those
on either side were only taxed at $100.
There being no objection from the Asses
sor the petition was granted. The total
amount was $3150 and with the reduction
will go at $3000.
Dr. E. H. Woolsey asked for a reduction
on his old hospital building. It was assessed
at $8000. He said it was for sale at $1000,
but he had only been offered $600, and if
that party backed down be would be com
pelled 10 pay lor having it torn down. The
assessment was reduced to $1000.
Then came the question of the bank as
sessments. A. A. Moore and W. 8. Waods
represented the bank interests in general
and W. L. Hill the Assessor. For three
hours law was quoted and decisions fur
nished by opposing counsel for the guid
ance of the board. Mr. Moore first took up
the assessment of six shares of *tock of the
Union National Bank held by W. H. High
Jr. He claimed that under the statutes
the National banks paid taxes to the
United States Government and were not
assessable for county and State taxes. He
would admit that the State could tax the
shares of these banks if proper laws had
been passed stating the time and place of
said taxation. Since this had not been
done there was no way to tax the shares.
Mr. Moore quoted the Political Code of
California, section 3608, which says:
"Shares of stock in corporations possess no
intrinsic value over and above the actual
value of the property of the corporation
which they stand for and represent, and
the assessment and taxation of such shares
and also of the corporate property would
be double taxation. Tnerefore all prop
erty belonging to corporations shall be
assessed and taxed, but no assessment
shall be made of shares of stock nor shall
any holder thereof be taxed therefor."
W. S. Woods, who represented the Postal
Telegraph Company in its attempt to
evade the payment of persoral property
taxes, said that only one case has reached
the Supreme Court where shares of stock
had been assessed, and that body decided
against the assessment. It was a decision
affirming section 3608, just quoted, and
the board must likewise sustain it. He
read from the United States Supreme
Court decisions in a Tennessee case, where
that body decided that a failure of the
Legislature to pass the necessary laws for
the taxation of National bank stocks ex
empted it, and the Assessor was not per
muted to assess it.
William Lair Hill interpreted the law
differently. He said the shares of the
capital stock of such banks may be as
sessed to the individual stockholders.
The constitution provided that all prop
erty not exempt by the laws of Congress
shall be taxed. The laws of Congress do
not exempt the shares of National banks,
hence they were assessable. The opposi*
tion, he said, claims that there is no Jaw
as to when or where they should be ia::ed,
hence they were exempt. He claimed
that it was provided lor in the constitu
tion. It is not a scheme to exempt prop
erty, but a scheme to keep it from being
doubly assessed.
Assessor Dalton produced a circular let
ter from Attorney-General Fiizgerald in
which he says the question of taxing the
shares of stock in National bunks is an
open and a very daubtiul one. He then
says: "I should advfse the assessment of
the shares oi stock of a National bank
owned by individuals at their actual value
after deducting therefrom the pro rata
value of the property of the bank other
than that invested in United States bonds.
* * * lam of t the opinion that for ihe
purpose of testing this question and ob
taining a decision lroin our Supreme Court
definitely determining the rights of all
concerned as to such assessments, the As
sessors of the State should assess to the
National banks all personal property,
money, currency, etc., belonging to such
banks."
The Assessor also had an opinion from
H. A. Parnell, who cays: "Tne shares of
the capital stock of a National bank are
assessable to the owners or holders of
such shares whether they are residents of
the county or not."
Thb case was then taken under advise
ment and the board adjourned to meet to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
VALUABLE PICTURES.
Many of the Works of the Late Ferdi
nand Kfckhardt Totally
Destroyed.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 14.— A fire was
discovered to-night in the basement of a
house on East Eighteenth street owned
by Mrs. W. S. Porter and occupied by Miss
Jl Marie Rickhardt.
Before the department reached the place
200 or more fine paintings, besides a con
siderable quantity of bedding and furni
ture that was stored, was destroyed. The
paintings were works of art by the late
Ferdinand Rickhardt, who died last Octo
ber. Miss Rickhardt has lived alone since
her father's death. She was absent when
the tire was discovered and had not re
turned by the time it was extinguished.
The origin of the tire is not known. The
pictures were stored in a tight room in the
basement, and aa examination of the
premises showed everything completely
burned to ashes. The walla of the room
were burned worse than any other part of
the basement. No fire or water reached
the living quarters, and the only damage
to that portion of the house is by smoke.
The pictures were insured.
Invoked the Court's Aid.
A petition was presented in the Superior
Court this morning for a citation requiring
the California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany, the Highland Park and Fruitvale Rail
road Company and F. J. Woodward, receiver of
tbe latter company, to snow cause why Wood
ward, as such, should not repair and remacad
amlze the streets now occupied by the de
fendants' tracks, as required by the franchise
of the company, and also the bituminous pave
ment between the rails adjacent thereto on
Thirteenth avenue, between East Eleventh and
East Twelfth streets, and also sprinkle the
tracks between the rails and for two feet on
either side.
Mr. Woodward was lormerly notified on
February 6, but failed to comply with the no
tice, faence the aid of the court was asked.
His Body Recovered.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 14.— William
Ferrierand Albert Edwards, two employes
of the Piedmont bathhouse, recovered the
remains of the Italian who was drowned
yesterday, with his mule.
The body was located by diving, which
was no easy task, as the water is twenty
five feet deep. An inquest was held to
night and a verdict returned in accordance
with the facts.
Dr. George Miller, N. G. C. and iMiss Saydee Johnson of Visalia, Who Were
Married Monday Night.
A YOUNG LAD DROWNED,
Fell Into the Water at the
Bay Farm Island
Drawbridge.
The District Organizer of the Carpen
ters Trying to Establish a
Local Union.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 14.— A sad acci
dent occurred about 3 o'clock : this after
noon on the drawbridge leading to Bay
Farm Island. A young girl named Daisy |
Lorn ax, accompanied by her brother Harry
aged 13 yeats, left the Park-street Station ;
by the 1 o'clock : narrow gauge train for j
High stref.t on a fishing excursion. They
walked to the bridge and sat down on a
platform under the stringers of the draw- \
bridge where they fished for some time. |
In going back home the boy suddenly
fell into the water and was drowned. It
is thought he was seized with a cramp in !
the chest ana this caused him to fall back- j
wards into the water, or he might have lost ;
his footing.
The girl screamed for help and was j
about to jump into the water, but some ;
men who had beard her cries caught hold I
of her just in time. The boy was not seen j
by the men, and as a strong tide was com- i
ing in, they could do nothing. Search is j
being made for the body and a number of j
persons are dragging about the spot where
he fell into the water. R. R. Lomax, the
father, is a well-known blacksmith, and
has a family of five children, the lad Harry
being the youngest.
Peterson Disappears. ■ t
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 14.— S. Peterson,
the boat builder who has built and repaired
the water craft of the gilded youth of Ala
meda for several years past, is numbered
among the missing,' and while no one ap
pears to know which way he has gone the
general impression is that he has left for
more congenial ' climes, where , creditors
will riot annoy him and he can ply his
trade in peace.
Peterson was a master of the boat- i
builders' art, but not over fond of work;
he spent much of bis time in the saloons
of Alameda, rather than at his shop, near
the Bay Farm Island bridge. Some time
ago his intemperate habits caused his wife j
to leave him, and after that his . business i
was neglected, and boats that had •'_ been j
■ left for repairs lay on the beach or ways j
i until the sun opened their seams and let I
the tide in. BSHS^^
On the 2d inst. Peterson packed up the !
best. of his. tools and left ostensibly for |
San Francisco to do some woik, but as he
has not been seen since, it is believed that j
he does not intend to return.
A Local Carpenters* Union.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 14.— This morn
ing C. F. Schadt came over from San Fran
cisco to organize a carpenters' union. He
is commissioned as a district organizer and 1
came over to view the ground. Speaking of
the matter to-day, he said that by combLj
inr and forming - a union carpenters ■ can
demand and get not less than $3 a day. It
| is well Known thnt quite a numberare only
receiving : from $1 50 to $2 a day in this
city. He had the names of most of the
carpenters in the place and met with fair
I success. He considered it highly probable
I a union would be formed here.
There are only three firms actively en
gaged in the building of homes in the city,
and the opinion of each of them is that
there is no necessity for a union here.
The New Saloon. ■
ALAMEDA, Cal., July Is.— Eight- more
names have been appended to the applica
tion of M. Debret for a new license for the
Pacific Hotel. It-was on this license that
the voting was equal at the City Trustees'
meeting of July .6. Trustees Leydecker
and Forderer voted against the granting
of the . license and Trustees Clark and
Fletter in favor of it, Trustee Hammond
being absent. Mr. ; Hammond considers
that, being in the liquor trade, he bhould
not be asked to vote on the question, as if
he consulted his own interests he would
naturally be against increasing the num
ber of licenses. M. Debret's: application
will be settled at the next meeting of the
City Trustees. ; " ' ..;■
• ■■■•>'■, ' '•'""» • » — : — -••
An immense foitune has been made oy
Peter Muller in the preparation and sale
of cod liver oil. He employs 70,000 per
sona on the Loffoden Islands off Norway.
WEDS A DAUGHTER
OF FAIR VISALIA.
Marriage of Dr. George
Miller of the National
Guard.
BOTH VERY POPULAR.
The Bride Is a Sister of Mrs.
Frank B. Hooson of
Haywards.
A BOWER IN THE CHURCH.
The Pretty Catholic Edifice Decorated
by Many Affectionate
Hands.
Oakland Omc« San Francisco Call.)
908 Beoadway, July 14, f
A very pretty wedding was that of Dr.
George Miiler of Fresno and Miss Saydee
Johnson of Visalia, which took place last
night. The young couple have numerous
friends and relatives in this county, and
many went down to the handsome Catho
lic church at Visalia to witness the cere
mony.
The bride is a very popular young lady
and her many friends had shown their
love for her by decorating the church in
such an artistic and profuse manner that
the memory of her wedding day will ever
be fresh. The aJtar was a marvel of deco
rative art. It was entirely hidden with
delicate green and white affects, and the
stool on which the bride and groom knelt
to receive the priest's benediction was en
tirely surrounded with ferns and palms.
The scene had the effect of making it ap
pear that the couple were being blessed in
a beautiful arbor.
The groom is a rising dental practitioner
of Fresno, where he is well known. For sev
eral years he has been connected with the
National Guard, and at the present time
he is captain of the Fresno company, and
his many comrades very substantially ex
pressed their appreciation of tbeir com
mander by taking advantage of the op
portunity his wedding afforded. Dr.
Miller has been prominent in social func
tions and stands high in the southern city.
The bride is one of the belies of Vi.*alia.
Wherever a helping hand has been needed
Miss Saydee Johnson has always been to
the front. She i 3 generous, pleasant and
lovable, and there are many who do not
look witb entire complacency on her re
moval from their midst, although at the
reception following the event the congrat
ulations for her happiness were genuinely
sincere. She is the sister of County Clerk
J. B. Johnson of Fresno and sister of Mrs.
Frank B. Hoosor of Hay wards.
Dr. and Mrs. Miller have gone for a
pleasure trip in the southern part of the
State, and on their return they will take
up their residence at the doctor's beauti
ful home at Fresno,
THE SCHOOL EXPENSES.
The Board Submits Its estimate for the ;
Tear and Assigns Part of I
the Teachers.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 14.— The Board
of Education met last night, when the
estimates of the fund for school work were i
adopted and ordered transmitted to the
Auditor. . The total amount asked for was
$223,664. The item of salaries was the !
largest one, reaching $191,828.
The classification committee recom- j
mended the following assignment of teach- i
ers : '. Mrs-WYashburn of the Durant, Miss ;
Story of the Grant and Miss Jensen, re- ;
cently elected, to the ;Prescott School; j
Miss Gilmore, Miss Stewart, Miss Heaton, !
Miss Corliss and 0. N. Adams to the Cen- j
tral Grammar School; Miss Rutherford to
the Grant School; Mi*s Sparks to the Lin
coln School; Miss ; Baker to the Cole
School;. Miss de Laguna to the TompKins
School; i Miss Bradley to the Garfield
School, and Miss Berry and Miss Smith to
the Franklin School.
Miss Branch, Miss Morris and Miss Mar- j
shall wrll be for the: present unassigned.
All teachers not assigned will be assigned
to the same schools as they taught in last
term. •■'. ; ■_-_ .'." :
?' ■."...'' * * * ■ -■
CAUGHT JUST IN TIME.
I
Sergeant Hodkins Discover! a Package
of Opinm on Its "Way to
Prisoners.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 14.— Sergeant
Hodkins of the police force found a good
sized package of opium which was in
tended for the "dope" fiends locked be- j
hind tbe bars. The stuff had been wrapped
securely in paper and thrown over the i
fence into the yard of the City Prison.
Between the fence and the prison is a j
wire screen, put up to keep any one from
passing forbidden articles to to the pris
oners. There are holes in this, hoivever,
and articles can be worked through it with
a little ingenuity. It was on this screen
that the sergeant fouii'l the opium. It is
the kind that is chewed, being the scrap
ings from the pipe. There was enough to
kiil half a hundred men not used to the
article.
A Pleasant Banquet.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 13.— Lyon Post,
G. A. il., wa» tendered a reception and
banquet to-night by Lyon Woman's Re
lief Corps. The affair was to congratu-
Auction Bales
AUCTION SALE AT j>l4 SECOND STREET.
General Line of Merchandise, comprising Fur-
nishing Goods of all kinds, shoes, Hats, Caps,
Remnants, eta, to be sold without reserve to the
trade. Auction Sale commencing THURSDAY,
Jnly 16, at 10:30 a. m., and continuing until entire
stock Is sold. Fixtures and goods mast be sold.
WALTF R FlKS'l, Auctioneer.
late the post on its reinstatement after its
suspension. There was a very large at
tendance and the gathering was one of
marked good-fellowship.
LACK OF FUNDS.
Librarian Peterson Says It Has Im
paired tne Free Library.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 14. — Librarian
Peterson of the Free Library has filed hia
annual report with the board of trustees.
He says that the appropriation was too
small for the last fiscal year and that the
library has suffered.
Following are the salient paragraphs
from the report :
It does not look well that the Oakland Public
Library has not been materially increased by
the purchase 01 books during the year. Against
300? volumes added the previous year but
1834 volumes have been added this year. As
512 volumes have been worn out and dis
carded, the actual last increa»e is but 1322.
Many of these were ordered during the last
fiscal year and paid for from that fund, though
they were not received until this year, which
helps to swell the number reported purchased
in the present report.
The library is in need of the current and
popular books of the day, none of which have
been purchased for some months. The ref
erence department has suffered greatly in this
respect, the inability to purchase later works
necessary for the student and reader \n ref
erence work.
There are some 2500 volumes not in use,
having been withdrawn from circulation
owing to wear and tear. This has been quite a
serious detriment as these books are in great
and constant demand. Owing to lack of lunds
they cannot be bound immediately, but this
matter should receive attention at as early a
date as possible.
Another matter to be regretted is that the
library could not undergo its usual annual
cleaning and renovation, owing to the limited
amount allowed this department. It is neces
sary to health and comfort as well as for the
preservation of the books that this should
take place each year.
On to St. Louis.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 14.— The People's
party delegates to their National Conven
tion at Si. Louis will leave here Thursday.
Those going from the Third Congressional
District as delegates are: Ed Maguire,
Oakland; N. W. Brown, Livermore; S.
Stewart, Solano; W. A. Vann, Colusa, and
John Garner, Lake.
To File a Complaint.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 14.— Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Lin Church said that he
would tile a complaint against ex-Coroner
Henry Evers either to-night or early in
the morning. Th« amount involved is
$1680, of which $280 represents a penalty
of 20 per cent allowed by the county gov
ernment act.
A Cottage Burned. |
OAKLAND, Cal., July 14.— An unoccu
pied cottage at Thirty-fourth and Com
merce streets, owned by F. J. Woodward,
was burned late to-night. The origin of
the fire is unknown. The loss is placed at
$1900, partly covered by insurance.
PUTZKER WON A TROPHY.
In a Contest With Creelman Os
car Was Awarded the
Honors.
Four Lively Rounds Between Ward
and Evers of tbe Crescent
C!ub.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 14.— Oscar i
Putzker and R. Creelman of the Crescent I
Athletic Club fought seven rounds this
evening at the clubhouse before a large i
crowd. The contest was a most vigorous :
one and ended by the award of the trophy
to Putzker, Creelman having committed
a foul.
"Ward of the Crescent Club and A. Evers
of the Acme boxed four lively rounds.
The two had an old score to settle, and
pave an exciting bout from tne start.
Evers was declared victor.
Exhibition bouts of four rounds each
were boxed by H. Kroman and C. C. Emer
son, and C. Demetrak and F. C. Richter.
Was It Incendiarism?
BERKELEY, Cal., July 14.— The cot
tage of Mrs. Mary O. Lewis, on Addison
street, near University avenue, was burned
at about 2 o'clock this morning, and the
circumstances attending the blaze point
strongly toward incendiarism. There
were no occupants in the house at the
time of the fire, though neighbors state
that they saw a light in it at 11 o'clock.
Mrs. Lewis purchased a can of coal oil from
Joseph Hirsctifeld in the evening, and it
was delivered at the cottage.
After the blaze half a can of oil was
found on the premises, indicating that
paitof it had been used in starting tbe
flames. Mrs. Lewis and her daughter,
who had been at the house a short time
before the fire, have not been seen since,
and their sudden disappearance has
aroused suspicion.
The cottage was valued at about $1000
and was fully insured.
Harker Still Missing.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 14.— Charles G.
Harker, the wealthy young San Francisco
attorney, who has been spending the sum
mer months in Berkeley and who suddenly
disappeared about two weeks ago, is still
I missing and no clew has yet been gained
i by his anxious relatives as to his where-
I aboutB. Several theories have been ad-
I vanced concerning the mysterious disap
j pearance of the young a'torney. Some
] oeiieve that he is suffering from temporary
) dementia, while others declare that he has
; committed suicide. The case is in the
| hands of private detectives and of the po
lice, and every possible effort is being made
to determine his whereabouts.
Knights and Ladlea of Honor.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 14.— A joint
installation of Oakland Lodge, Palmetto
Lodge of Alameda and Berkeley Lodge,
1 Knights and Ladies of Honor, was held
! last evening in American Hall. These
being the three lodges of the county, the
prand officers were present. Grand Pro
tector Lander conducted the ceremonies
and the following officers were installed
into the Horkoley lodge:
Past protector, Dr. J. T. Farrar; pro-
I tector, Miss Mary Bishop; vice-protector,
Mr.-. S. T. Pearsoll; recording and finan
cial secretary, E. M. Hanson; treasurer,
Julius Strauss ; chaplain, Miss Annie Goss ;
guide, Peter Peterson; guardian, Charles
G.Wright; sentinel, Mrs. Lena Watkins.
Past i'roiector Dr. J. T. Farrar was hon
ored with a place on the Grand Lodge
committee. A banquet followed the cere-
I monies.
No Fire Chief.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 14.— Tbe Town
Trustees did not name a Fire Chief last
night as was anticipated. The name of
! D. J. Keane, the nominee from the Peraita
Hose Company, was presented, but as
there were no other persons in the field it
was decided to postpone the election for
Chief until ihe several other companies
had an opportunity to name candidates.
Condition of the Library.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 14.— The Board
of Public Library Trustees has submitted
to the Town Board a report showing the
condition of the library from the time it
became public property unnl the present.
The statement shows that the Board of
j Library Trustees was organized on De
cember 11, 1895, at which time there were
| 3250 books in the library. Since that time
S. BASCH. AUCTIONEER
And Commission Merchant. Ollice, 63*2 Market St
THIS DAY.
Wednesday July 15, 1896,
CONTINUATION SALE
Of those Klegant Bedroom Sets,
Quarter sawed Oak and Very Massive Three Oak
Folding Beds, with White Curled Hair Mattresses;
Feather Pillows; Comforts: Mission Woolen
Bliinnets, etc.: Parlor Upholstery and Bric-a-Brac
Also, the two fine Oil Paintings by Carlo Anelli,
and the Chickering Piano. Terms cash.
s. basch. Auctioneer.
427 volumes have been added, making a
total now on hand of 3672, five having
been lost.
The largest attendance during the peri
ods was last March, when 7474 per
sons visited the reading-rooms. During
June the attendance reached 6196.
The report shows also that there ha 3
been a steady increase in the number ol
borrowers. The total number of books
loaned in the six months was 38,08*
Lodge Officers Installed.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 14.— University
Lodge No. 162, Knights of Pythias, in
stalled the following officers this evening:
G. W. Gunn, C. C. ; L. J. Ackerley, V. G. ;
George Gropp, prelate; P,. W. Good, M. of
E.; W. F. Esmond, M. of PI; J. Congdon,
K. of R. and S.; C. R. Bryant. M. of H;
J. E. Morehouse, I. G. A banquet and
dancing party followed the installation
ceremonies.
Berkeley Brevities.
BERKELEY, Cal, July 14.— At the
meeting of the Women's Suffrage Society
yesterday afternoon addresses were made
by Miss Mollie Conners of the Oakland
Saturday Nipht, Miss Bertha Rickoff, the
well-known Berkeley authoress, Mrs. Bab
cock of Alarneda and Mrs. William Keith
of the local society.
The Claremont, University and Ferries
Railway Company has established a
transfer system from the West Berkeley
terminus of its line to Bath beach. Pass
engers are carried to the beach from the
foot of University avenue in a 'bus.
The annual reports of the town officers
for the fiscal year of 1895-96 have been
printed as ordered by the Town Trustees
and are now ready for distribution.
S. Salmon was arrested yesterday on a
charge ot battery, growing out of a diffi
culty between him and James Overall.
Salmon claims that Overall was the ag
gressor and attempted to enter his place
of business while intoxicated. Overall
declared that the accused struck him with
out provocation.
Temescal News Notes.
TEMESCAL, Cal., July 14.— Silver Star
Lodge of the Degree of Honor will hold a
public installation of officers on Thursday
evening in Babcock Hall, when the fol
lowing officers will be installed by District
Deputy Mrs. Eva Coogan: C. of H., H.
Irwin, L. of 11., Mrs. Young; chief of cer
emonies, Nettie Young; recorder, Dollie
O'Connor; receiver, Mary J. Logan; finan
cier, Mrs. Freidburg; usher, Nettie San
ders; J. W., Lizzie Irwin; O. W., George
R. Young.
T. D. Sullivan is considering the feasi
bility of erecting a hand-ball court on his
place in Temescal. There is no public
court on this side of the bay and the erec
tion of one is loosed upon with much
favor among the admirers of the sport in
this locality.
Last evening Temple Lodge of the A. O.
U. W. here installed the following officers:
M. W.. Aleck McCadam ; foreman, G. W.
Logan; overseer, H. G. Kimber; guide, O.
C. Neisen; J. W., A. Reboli; O. W.. E.
Freidburg; trustees — C. A. Steams and E.
Freidburg.
Supervisor Pelouze of the Temescal dis
trict has been looking over the territory
within the last few days witt the view to
putting into the hre service an extra water
cart.
A QUEER NAVAL EXPEDITION.
A Teu-Tliousaiul-Milo Sea Voyage Un
dertaken by the Peruvians.
Fern Has been driven to a strange shift
in order to fight the rebels under Semina
rio in the Department of Loreto, says the
Philadelphia Record. A naval expedition
has been organized to attach the insur
gents in their mountainous fastness, and
to reduce their principal port, Iquitos, be
yond the Andes. At first sight this might
seem to be a tale from Munchausen; but
the Peruvian war fleet is not to be hauled
up one side of the Andes and made to
si' >t the chute on the other. The expe
dn ion will sail down the Pacific coast,
through the Straits of Magellan into
the Atlantic, and thence to the mouth of
the Amazon, following which river nearly
to its source on tne eastern slopes of the
Andes lauitos will be reached after a jour
ney of more than 10,000 miles.
This roundabout trip is made obligatory
by the configuration of the South Ameri
can continent. The uarrow western coast
strip of South America is effectually cut
off from the rest of the continent by the
tremendous barrier of the Andes, and the
long water journey to be taken by the ex
pedition is more practicable than the short
cut of less than 1000 miles overland from.
Lima to Iquiios.
Although lorated nearly 4000 miles from
one ocean, and separated from the other
by impassable mountains, Iquitos is truly
a seaport. It has a Government shipyard
and floating docks capable of lifting iOOO
ton steamers. The river system on which
it lies affords 15,000 miles of navigable in
land water and the city is accessible to sea
going ships from the Atlantic. South
America will never need trunk railways
nor ship canals. Nature has blessed the
continent witn an unparalleled network of
deep-water lines of communication.
A Flea for Discrimination.
He (after the second act)— Well, if you'll
excuse me, 1 guess I'll go out andgeta
breath of fresh air.
She— lf it's the same feind of breath that
you went out for when I was here with
you before, I'd rather you wouldn't bring
it in with you." — Boston Courier.
SEW TO-DAY. .
"ill ftRGONAUT
l^QMa^: Five ;Years
• j^^Bl In Wood
k§SS$ Bottling.
HI J ', t ~ fL"^^ ,^i-**j f! ■ ■■ BBS W\ *W I % I
WBBm I MARTIN
.^^^^ 411 Market St
San Francisco.
/^Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A » C a s .f^ 020 KIIAESYST. - Established
' W^CjBB in ls3 * for the treatment of Private
: il UK IB Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
' cjf SS^tSK^I disease weariDSon bodyamlniindand
: <s?i]P ■skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
> .^w SKSwsa others fail. Try him. Charges low.
3WHl rnrr* enaruntrrd. Oallorwrir*.
Sr, J. if. UIBBQ>. Box 1937. 5au rranciica
1314
DEEPLY IN DEBT
TO HIS WIFE,
Harbor Commissioner F. S.
Chadbourne's Peculiar
Insolvency.
OWES HER OVER $110,000
The Assets Greatly Overbalance
What Is Due the Other
Creditors.
LIST OF THE LIABILITIES.
Doll Times and Labor Agitation Said
to Have Destroyed a Big
Business.
Harbor Commissioner F. b. Chadbourne
yesterday fiied his petition in insolvency.
It is a peculiar document. On the face of
it it would seem that the gentleman had
failed for over $100,000, but when it is ;
taken into consideration that over $110,692 i
of his total liabilities, which amount to
$119,563 90. is due his wife, the failure,
from the standpoint of the business world,
is not so very serious after all.
Chadbourne's assets, which include real
estate, promissory note?, a half interest in
the Chadbourne Furniture Company,
Buares of stock in different corporations
and $2 50 in money, amount to about $17.
-000. Outside of what is due Mrs. Chad
bourne the Harbor Commissioner owes
5-771 90. The promissory notes, how
ever, are of problematic value. Nomi
nally they represent $6,528 51 and interest
for various periods, at percentages rang
ing from 6 per cent per year to 1 per cent
per month.
It is explained that the money due Mrs.
Chadbourne is on promissory notes drawn
in favor of Otis W. Merriam, her father.
From 1876 to 1880 different sums were ad
vanced by Mr. Merriam to his son-in-law,
for which the latter made these notes.
The money was used in establishing the
business of the Chadboarne Furniture
Company and in furnishing and conduct
ing the home on Busn street. When the
estate of Mr. Merriam was distributed the
notes were given to Mrs. Chadbourne as
her share. It is said that the money ob
tained on the notes was lost by reason of
a shrinkage in values and in tbe condnct
ine of tne furniture business in Portland,
Seattle, Los Angeles and San Diego. The
Etrikes of 1892 are blamed for the ruina
tion i f the business, which was established
ii; 1?76.
Following is a complete list of the lia
bilities:
Due J. T. Bonestell, 1113 Bush street, $1225
on promissory note.
Commercial Travelers' Association $6130,
liability on a bond.
Delta Vineyard Company $600. stockhold
ers' liability on merchandise furnished.
Acme Filter Company $100, stockholders'
liability on merchandise furnished.
T. V. O'Brien, 402 Montgomery street, $250,
promissory note.
John H. Curley $50, poods delivered.
United Carriage Company $150, services ren
dered.
Hub clothing-store $20 50, goods delivered.
Dr. G. H. Pa'.mer $100, services rendered.
Dr. J. D. Whitney services rendered.
Nolan Brothers $131 40, goods delivered.
Caroline M. Chadbourne $110,692 and in
terest on promissory note.
The money due the Commercial Travel
ers' Association is a liability on a joint
Eromifsory note signed by Chadbourne,
i. T. Coie, John Mallon and a gentleman
named Wheeler, which was executed in
satisfaction of a liability on »he bond of R.
D. Laidlaw, an officer of that association.
The note is secured by a mortgage on
mining property in Mono County, owned
by Mr. Wheeler."
The assets are as follows:
Ten acres of land near FuUerton. Orange
County, $3000.
Two lots in Los Angeles, $300.
Real estate in San Diego, §500.
Promissory notes in the following names,
amounts and dates:
W. B. Farvrell, $40, October 24, 1887; F. W
Bert, $SO, October 17. 1884; F. M. C'oiißh,
$308 33. January 1. 1884; f). H. Harkins. $81,
June 1, 1886; J. E. Murphy, $95. August 31
1886; A. W. McPherson. $40, January 23
1889; Jatnes Martin, $60, January 1 1887;
J. G. Scobey, $1966 49, June 29, 1886: John
Trounson, $82 96, August 31, 1891; W T
Bftrnett, $120, Ju!y 30, 1878; F.L.Jackson.
$95, July 23, 1878; J. B. Hart, £180, Novem
ber 11. 1878; George W. F.srg, .«120, October
24, 1878; A. H. Griswold, $120. April 10, 1877:
B. R. Bankins, $20. April 27, 1882; A. H. Bov
den, $100, February 17.1889; Isidore Blum
$20. December 22. 1882; F. W. Stechlan, .*75!
June 26.1885; Charles E. McGreer, $69, Sep
tember 23, 1886; A. J. Bai ey. $31125 Au-
Kust 9. 1888; i>. H. Alton, $260 35, March 6,
1891; E.la K. Laird, $135 50, March 27, 1890;
Alfrert Singer. $91 50, .March 14, 1889; Lvman
I. Mowry. .«<tt>9 40, June 18. 1896; P. J.Hen
nelly.s42fi 80. March 24. 1896; A. E. Oppen
lieimer, $37. February 11. 1892; Frank W
Randolph, $112 15. November 1, 1892; Grant
I. Tapgart, $36 55, November 16, 1892; Wil
liam E. Nelson, ,*!»7 50, November 1, 1892; H
S. Burke, $110 60, August 25, 1890, and W L.
Ashe, $67 05, January 11, 1892. Total
$6528 51.
Half interest in Chadbourne Furniture Com
pany, $4618 56.
20 shares Hotel Rafael stcck, no value.
100 shares Electric Street and Station Indi
cator Company, no value.
55 snares Hotel Vendome stock, $550
3100 shares Mount Hamilton Btage Com
pany stock, no value.
1005 shares Pacific Underground Electric
Railway Company, no value.
749 snares San Francisce Autographic Reels
ter Company, $1500.
3800 shares Mokelumne Water Company no
value.
Cash on hand, $2 50.
Clothing exempt from execution, $100.
Petitioner owns no homestead.
The D. T. Cole named as jointly liable
on the note in favor of the Commercial
Travelers' Association is Harbor Commis
sioner Cole. Laidlaw is the official of that
association who was short in his accounts.
ARGUING OVER A DESIGN,
City Hall Commissioners Trying
to Select Art Glass for
the Dome.
Mayor Sutro's Suggestion for a Com
mittee of Artists Voted
Down.
The Board of City Hall Commissioners
tried to decide on a denim for the art work
in the dome of the hall yesterday, but
failed to arrive at any conclusion. Mayor
Butro protested against the selection of a
design by tbe commission, saying that, as
tbe glass was to be a work of art to re
main perpetually and be gazed at by
the thousands who will visit the dome in
the future, it should be the best that ar
tistic talent could choose.
He claimed that the members of the
commission were not competent to choose
i design that would be in harmony with
the remainder of the dome and moved
tnat a commission of artists be employed,
at a compensation not to exceed $1000. to
select a design. The motion was lost, the
other members deeming em selves fully
competent to pass upon art glass.
Mayor Butro then stated that he had
applied to the Art Association ' for ; assis
tance in the matter and that E. M. Piasis,
the architect, and Bruce Porter, the artist,
had been appointed to view the designs
proposed and report upon them. He read
the following letter from them :
To the Honorable Adolph Sutro, Mayor of, San
Ftancuco—bEAK Sib: In . compliance with
your request that we express our opinion upon
the designs for the stained glass to be placed
in the dome of the City . Hall, we beg to state
that we have looked over the designs sub
mitted and fail to reach a conclusion as to
their merits. *
The selection should be left to the architect
chosen by the commission, so that- he may
have the opportunity of carrying out his own
idea of the decoration of .the dome which ne
has designed, thus placing the responsibility
of the result where it legitimately belongs.
We further state that these designs have not
been executed with the view of concord with
the mural decoration of the dome, and this
great expanse of glass should certainly be de
signed to harmonize with the completed inte
rior. They are simply of ■ commercial merit,
and have no relation to accepted standards
of art.
We further state and believe that the pres
ent question is the outcome of the methods
which have been followed during the entire
construction of ' the City Hall— building
which we consider a fit result of political meth
ods as applied to the erection of public monu
ments.
We would urge the amendment of the pres
ent methods— more logical, practical and
honest course is necessary when an artistic re
sult is desired. Very respectfully yours, .
E. M. Pißsis.
I Bruce Porter.
It was decided to defer action on the
matter until the next meeting.
. ♦ «
WATT AND HIS RAZOR.
He Tried to Cat Richard Williams With
It, bat Got the Worst of the
Fight.
Richard Williams and Robert Watt,
colored men, afforded considerable amuse
ment to the habitues of Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday morning.
Watt had Williams arrested for battery,
but the Judge after hearing the evidence
dismissed the case.
It appeared that last Friday Watt called
at Williams' bouse on Howard street. He
was in a teasing humor and annoyed
Williams' little girl so much that Mrs.
Williams remonstrated with him and said
If he did not stop she would tell her hus
band.
"You tell your husband," said Watt,
"he'd better keep a-jray from me, aa I
hare a razor," and he pulled it out of his
pocket. Watt went to a barber's shop
and waa sharpening his razor when Wil
liams, who had been home, appeared.
"What are you doing with that rasor?"
a«Ked Williams, and Watt wheeled around
with tne razor in his hand and stood on
the defensive. Williams struck him on
th-> neck anu knocked him down. Then
things got mixed up, but Watt did not
get a chance to use the razor. Finally
they were separated and Watt swore out
the warrant for Williams' arrest.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining shares showed no change of any conse
quence yesterday, though toe best prices were a
shade below those of the preceding da--.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a divi
dend of 2 per cent for the quarter ending Jane 30,
payable on the lSlb.
The Pacific Bant has declared the sixth divi
dend in liquidation of assets. The amount Is 6 per
cent, and It is payable immediately.
The Bank of California has declared th» usual
quarterly dividend of $3 per share, payable to-day.
The semi-annual divi .end of 3 per cent by
Well, FargojEt Co. will be paid to-day.
In the Aim mine th« raise from the south drift,
Keystone vein, was carried up 5 feet in bard
quartz: total height, 154 feet. The raise was dis
continued a; this point for the present, owing to
an insufficiency of air, and sinking will be com
menced immediately under it. The east drift. 725
level, was driven 7 feet in hard trachyte: total
length, 45 feet The south drift, east vein, 825
level, was driven. 4 feet, and a crosscut started
east at the face and driven 22 feet in vein matter
carrying streaks of quart t
A*«e*sinenta Fending,
Following is a list or assessments DOW pen ling:
COMPAKT.
Ka J And in the Sale Day.
I ! Board.
ilono 37i
Accidental • 23
-boKar. 4^l
■vemuck vA
Best <fc Belcher 60J
Eiale&Xorcross.... 109
lO.Jly 3. July
15.J1y a.July
25 Jly 10 An;
05 J.y 17,.Aug
25lADg 2j.Aag
15. vug &.Sepc
27
28
4
12
37
4
iiOA.... >AL'ki
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday^
KF.eri.AK XORXIVi) sßwrrtx ro»fv»rvcr^n <» : 11.
400 Alpha.. 13 100 C P0int.. .47 SNt .....61
300 Alta 10150 HAN.. 1.35 300 .. 60
100 Andes 34 200 Occidtl-. .911200 Union 60
200 BAB 100 Savag..... 73,300 V Jackt...4l
SOU 8u11i0n.. .21j I
ATTKBNOON- BlCSHIO:?— 7:11.
100 Andes.. ..34|3OOCC*V.. .1.80 200 Potosi 1.15
100 B A 8... 68200 Conn.... 1.05 50 SaT. 71
400 Bodle_.. 44 .!00 C P0int... 46 450 73
200 8u11i0n.. .21/200 Exebqr 06 100 Union . 48
100 Bnlwer...3o|loo GAC 81|4uO Utah. »11
200Cn0ur....2.4'/150 Mxcn.....6'.'500 Y'Jack«t..4l
100 .........2.401100 Mono M 2Oi
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Kh.m-L.AH nnwms-li:''!.
200 Alpha 13 400 Crwn Pt...48 100 OcddU>..B9
200 Aita. l; 300 ......46 400 Opblr 1.071-2
300 Ande5. ...35 300 Exchqr....O6 300 Ovrmn 19
400 Belcner...B9 500 U AC... ...82 200 Poio»L. 1 '0
300BAi>.: 70300.. 81600 ... li>
-600 8u11i0n.. ..21 /CO HAN 1.32Vx 400 .. "1 in
300 Ca1eda....12 500 1.3U.200 9avs..._ .75
300Ch11nce...34 400 1.271,a600 _ 73
200 Ch01r^.. 2.60,300 Julia .lo«OO scorpion .05
200 ....... 2.45 400 KentUCk..o'.' l 500 8 A M...12
400 2.40 400.3aexn..... 61J300 SNt .60
1200 St.Bs # iOO M0n0... ..1S 250 S Hill. .02
200 ...... 2.42% Occd 94 250... _. 03
300 CCV 13 4 -.»o<j 9: 300 Union C.1 49
100 C0nn.1.02% ! 200 300 U'j^...._li
2OOCon 1m....0-J6OO ....90 600 V Jack»t_4o
600 Con N Y..04| j .
A/TKRNOOS BKBSION- —I:
200 Alrha.. .-121150 CCV 1 31300 Overman 19
200 Ande5. ...3313'J0 C P01nt...4, 600 Poiosl .ii/«
201) Belcher ..39200 Excnqr...OU'3oO "l it
300 BAB. 69 300 GAC hi 20U SaVe " *72
100 80d1e.....4ai50 HANI.32V>3OO 73
200 Bullion... 200 ilex 6* 500 Scorpion 05
100 8u1wer....29 6 2 1 400 BBAfl 13
W)0 Cha11Ke...33 100 Mono isisoo Vv "'bo
350 Ch01r2.42V 2 400 Occd Ht<2oiJ Union. "48
200 ...... ..-as/gioo 9313J0 Uiah..'""ll
200 ...... .2.47^1100 Ophlrl.o7^i»Oli V Jckl_..4O
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jnly 14—4 F . „_
Sid.Atked.\ Bid.A*k'A.
Alpha Con. ... 11 12,Jactson 25 _
Alta.:. 10 11 Julia.. . — 10
Andes.... 33 34 Justice......'... 05 06
8e1cher....;... 39 40 Kemuck. ' — 03
Be's: & Belcher 63 70 i.ady Wash -. 05
BentonCon 15 —Mexican....... 62 63
80die.... 43 —Mono.. 19 _
Bullion 20 21 1 Nevada Queen. 03 _
Bulwer ....... 30 -Occidental 90 92
Caledonia. 11 12 Ophlr.. 1.05 110
Cb011ar........2.45 2.C.0 Overman- 19 ->n
'Con.Ca!AVa...LBO 1.85 I'otosl. . 1.15 I'M
Challenge Con. S3 35 savage. 71 Tz
Con. Imperial. 01 Scorpio.i. 05 06
Con fide nee.... 1.00 1.05 e <r. Belcher... 12 13
Con New York — . 08 ndicate ..... — 03
Crown Point... 45 46 silver Hi 11.... — 03
E:uitsierraNev — 't's Sierra Nevada. 69 61
Eureka Con... — 25' Union C0n..... 47 49
Exchequer.... 05 06 Utah. ;. ....... 10 11
Gou;aA<urry. 82 S3' Yellow Jacket 40 42
HaleANorcrs.l.3o 1.35!
GOLD MIM.Ni; KXCHANOK. *
Champion .. — 600 Lockwood Con. 32
81d...................20 31
A5ked.. .. .. . . ....... 25 011 00 Savannah. .. VJ 47
200 Granu._. ........ 14200.... . lv
--- Keystone Con. "!500...v " '"""~ 40
8id.......;.;.. 65001300 Sebas"topoi".V:T 60
n Kennedy....... Thorpe
8id. ................. 10 00 81d.;....-.....V. 65
A5ked.... ...... 1150 - "
LOCAL SKCD-BITIKS.
Bid Spring Valley Water.............. : 98 25
Asked San Francisco Gas.... *'* us on
Bid Hnmboidt 8ank......... .'.'..V.V.V. 1100 00
STOCK AND BONW EXCHANGE.
. TUESDAY, July 14-.* r. if .
UNITED STATES ' BOXUS. - •
• Sid. Asked. » Bid. AtkrjL
US 4s coop.. 108 -:-' U54areg...109% -
Do new issue — 317- | 7m .
: MIHCKLUNEOC9 BOXM.
Cal-«lCbless. 109% - iPacßoll M6s. _ _
Cal Elec L6s 117 Vi — Do 2d Is 6s. —
CntraCWSs _ 94 P*ORt6s!ios 120
Dpnt-st 9f> 100 PACh Ry 6* - 107
Edsn LAP 6BI2II^ . _-■ l>wl-stRRBi - llfii^
FACHKK6S.IOS - Reno, WjutL - 105
Geary-slß6s 105 — ibarto pA L _ 10-U,
LosAnqLßs. - 99 si- AN PR ss. 98V. 994?
DoGateed6» - IOOVt spun Ariz Ps 9A 9»
Mkts:Cb!e6sl2ol4 - SPUKtaI 109 11*
DoKyeonss..losV 2 106 SPRKCaI ss. - _
NaiVln«sl«t 96 .'.--'-- jSPßrßCaias. - 99*4
N«>vCNkP.7s. hi 105 sVWuterris. 1201 A —■■
N P , C K «6s.looV«|losV2SVW«t«>r4s.. 99 V 9 j, %
B Ry Cal 6s. - 106 SlktnGAK6s — 100 ■
NRy Cal ss. — 100 . |suns;TATBs . _ .
Oak Gas .100 104% Sutter-stßss. 108% l 10
Lo2d Is 65..104 - 110 VUallaWttJo — ril _ "
Omnibus os 118% —'' j ... •■■
THE SAN FRAJSTCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
WAT KB BTOCK«L
Contra Costa 36 S»n Joae — —
Marin C 0.... 60 — "|SprngVaUer 98*4 98%
6 AS STOCKS.
Capital....... — ■ 29 " Pacific Llßht 47W — '
CentraL 95 — San Francsco 93V* 94
Oak«L<tli 52 l Stockton. .... — ai%
Pac Gaslmp. : : 86V4 S6Vi
. 1 ISSCKAStC* STOCKS.
Fireman's Fdl 7o — (Son 25 60
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerRATC — — LondonPAA.l2s 129
Anglo-Ca1.... BIS 4, — ILondon«tsF. — 'fly*
Bank of — 238Vi'iIerch Ex... 1% —
: Cal S LMtTCo — 57 V 2 Nevada — —
FlrstNa.lonL — 187 V* lather Co. — —
I Grangers .... , — . — i
'OAVUfos BANK iSrOCKS.
OerSALCo. I33O = 1370 . SavALoaa-r — 100
I HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security 250 260
Mutual 36 40 Union Trust. — 800
BFSavUnlon — 490 ;
-.;;;-"- STBEKT RAILROAD «TnCK%.
California. ... 108 - Oak SLA Hay — 100
Geary-si — 65 Presidio 7 —
ilarket-st ,43 43% Sutter-5t..... — —
rOW Lit ii STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant ton.. 23^ 24J-A
Eastern D... 75 — iJudson D.... — =—.
California.... 70 — 'Virorlu ... - 90c
MJBCKLLAJCEOfS STOCKS.
Alaska Fkrs. Sih% 95 ,Nat Vln Co.. — —
BlkDCoa'.Co. — ; 10 Oceanic 13 34 V*
I Cal Cot Mills — — Aux FA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock ■> — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
! Edison Light 119 120 Pac Roll Mill - —
Gascon Asan. — — Pun PaintCo . 6"A 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85- — PacTr-nsCo. — 24
HawCASCa. — J9 Pac TAT Co. 10 —
Hutch PC© SO Sunset T«tT. 41 —
Asan. 100 110 United C Co. — 23
a! Elec Light — 4Vkl .
BAtn-MOH.-dXJ •HII3I.
* Board- *-~^- ■ -. ■ -
40 S V Water 98 50
»AHS-iFTM!roOS SZSSIOSC.
Beard —
60 Hutcbinson 8 P Co. 20 7B
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUBIITEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco Calx~
riO Market street, open until 12 o'clock eTerj
tight la the y*ar.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 MontgOmHT CtTMt
rornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street. op«n mntll 9:30 o'clock.
71S Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth aa4 Hiaaion streeta, «pw
tntU • o'clock.
MIS Mlactoa stroet, open natfl 9 o'clock.
IU Ninta street, oa*n until 9:80 o'clock.
k - NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
! ■cBs 3 MISSION LODGE NO. 169. il~*
i &-C and A. Called meeting THIS A_
j (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:Holrjr
I o'clock. First degree. By order of tie/v >
.W.M. . C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
OSS' OFFICERS AND MEMBERS V v-\S2C'*»
WF^' of Apollo l«dge No. 123, I. O. =S**^sslsr
O. F., are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late brother, FRED- " / 'l** ! '
ERICK W. MYER. P. G., from the hall THIS
! DAY (WEDNESDAY). July 15, 1896. at 1:30
p. x. H. W. PATRICK, Noble Grand.
Holland Smith. R. S. '
j GTS* PACIFIC LODGE. NO 165. <*&mU&:,
1 »-»' L O. a F. on THURSDAY
i EVENING, July 16, will be favored
I with an address by S. W. HOLLA- -V''**^~
DAY, Esq.. on "Scientific Finance, • r the Prob.rm
of the Day " Open meeting. Doors open at 8:15.
Friends are invited to be present.
O. W. CRAWFORD, N. O.
W. H. CLATJSgx. Secretary.
CSgßp THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
H^-iS' Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nai B'r.tb Hall, 121 Eddy sU, THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, July 15, at 8 o'clock. Bnsi-
-1 ness of great importance. -
JOHN B. CAMPBELL. President.
W^tß* .ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
m~~& annual meeting of the » ockho ders of the
San Francisco and -an Joaqnln Valley Railway
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 321 Market st., san Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 21st day of July, 1*96, a? the
hour of a p. m., for tbe purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
! ES" THE ANNUAL MEETING OP THE
I m^S' stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
: Company, for he election of - directors for the en-
i suing year and for th* transaction of such other
: business as may be brought before tbe meeting,
t will be held a: the company's office, 229 Steven-
: son su. San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
I day of July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
will close July 3. at 6p. v. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of routing.
J. E. GKEEX, secretary.
j ' SPECIAL NOTICES.
i l^^^piLES— PETER FKEILING'S PILES
, m*& Salve cures al cases of blind, bleeding, itcb-
lng, internal or protruding piles; price $1 per box.
For sale at 1628 Devisadero su, also at -08 and
I 228 Bran nan st. .
»^s*=> DR. ALFRED W. PERRY HAS RE-
»-*^ moved bis office to rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner Market and Jones us., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st.
Wpjg* BAD TENANT.- EJECTED (OR $4:
[ »-*' . collections made, city or conntry. Pacific
! Con<»cUon Co.. 415 MontTr at- room tj. i. S.'.»q.
~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~
j ■S5" DIVIDEND N(X 33 725 CENTS PER
: "^^ share) of the Hntchlnson -ngar Plan ation
, Company will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market su, on and after Monday, July
20. 1896. Transfer books will close Tuesday.
July 14, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. m.
' ' ■ E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
WPS* DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE NEVADA
ar-*? Bank of san Francisco— Tne Board of
Directors of this bank have declared a dividend
I (No. 17) for the quarter ending June 30. 1596, at
I the rate of six (6) per cent per annum, payable on
I and after July 15. Transfer-books will be closed
from the 10th to the 15th lnsu. both days inclu.il ye.
D. V. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Pan Francisco. July 9. 1896. ' -.-
SITUATIONS WANTED-rEMAXJS^
CB. HANSEN A CO.. 110 GEARY ST.,
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
] at office, uhone or mall us your orders: Drompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
T ADIES INTENDING TO ENGAGE BER-
XJ vents will find it to their ad\antage to call or
send thelt order, where pains are taken to supply
! you with reliable help. For servants of any na-
tionality call or send to J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
; 312Sntt«rsU .
YOUNG LADY LATELY FROM THE east
1 X and a university graduate desires position as
private secretary or any kind of office work: best
1 of references. Address Y. L.. box 98, this office.
ARPIST AND PIANIST, READS AT
sight, wants a position in an orchestra to play
1 fcrdanc-s or to double up with .tome musician for
; vaudeville stage. Address H. L. H., box 27, CalL
ITUATION WANTED BY AN ELDKrtLY
scotch woman to do housework; eood cook and
i baker; city or country. Address 136 Fifth su,
near Howard. -■ . • - ■ •
GIBL WISHES TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work: is willing »nd obliging; has good refer-
| ence. Call at 31 Fourteenth su, beU Folsom and
; Harrison.
RESSMAKEK. GOOD CUTTER AND FlT-
ter, wants a few more engagements at $1 50 a
1 day: referei.ces: speaks German. Addiesj A. H.
I P., box 90, Call Office. -. .
PR'»TESTANT GIRL WISHES TO DO UP-
X stairs or housework in a small family; city or
i country. Call or address 1036 Howard st., S. F.
RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
wishes a situation to do light housework and
cooking: email wages. 264^ Tehama st.
XPERIENCED -LADY WISHES WORK,
bakery or restaurant, as cashier, saleslady or
; waitress. 703 Stockton su
VI IDDLE-AGKD LADY WISHES. PLACE TO
•It l do light housework or assist in housework.
i Call 912 Howard su - .
DRESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS, GOOD
•fitter and draper, sews 50 cents a day. M. C
box 99, Call Office. . '
EFINiSIi WOMAN WOULD TAKE CHARGE
of a child : will give a mother's care. Call 418
j Post st.
, nrOMAS WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
TT Apply at 9 18a Geary su
p.HILDBEN'S NURSK AND SEAMSTRESS
KJ wants situation. Address Nurse, box 5 , 1 aIL
I V OUNG GIRL WANTS PLACE ■IN . SMALL
i X family: good home: $10 a month. Address
j 1518 Twenty-third St., near Castro. .
RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATIOV ;
housework and cooking. Apply, 321. Kills at!
LMRST-CLASS FITTER, STYLISH DRAPER
X and designer, thorough dressmaker, by the
I day. MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove sU ~-\>
ASTERN WIDOW, fcT HANGER, DISCRKET"
ladylike, pleasing, tidy, desires position as
housekeeper, hotel or rooiuin?-ljouso: : well posted
1 in transient business; or private family; could
make fine home: give mother's care | where he p is
kept; no objection leaving city; no triflers. Ad-
dress N. P., box 45, Call.
WOMAN wTnt! A SITUATION IN THK
" couutry to do cooking where 1 she can have 2
children with her: wages 910. Call or address 767
Fblsom St., near Fourth.
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS A V PLACE TO
V do J}°ol*'"* v ' )r ' t or cooking; sleep &t home. Ap-
ply at 2009 Mission sU .'■:■-.. v
R~~eliaß!7k~ WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
to tlo light housework. Apply 27 Rausch st.
OUSKKEaPKK'S POSITION, WANTKD BY
American widow ; elderly ; good cook and laun
dr.ss: likes children: references given : terms sin
month. Call at b!8 Minna st.. ban-menu , ,
GIRL WI.-3HBS TO I>O HOUSEWORK; WILL
sleep home. Call 250 Perry sU *..\ .;■;"-
EASTERN GIRL, GOOD .WORKER, WISHES*
situation general housework.'' 7s2 Foisom.
j YOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO GO OUT BY
■ X the oar ■or month. -. Pease call or address 2
Bourbon place, between Eddy and - EUls, steiner
and Pierce.'^wßßjßMMßMflteMßMßßi
r*.ALTHY YOt'N- : WOMAN WISHES A
I position as wetnurse; references. Apply
227 Hayes su '•.;-■■'
ESPKCTABLE SWEDISH LADY WISHES A
position as housekeeper for elderly gcntieiaan
or widower; city or ■ country. : Call or 'address •10
Anthony a u, off Mission, near Second.
J SITDATIOyS WASTED-rContlnned.
! qiTUATION TO^TAKE CArToFIaDY OR
I O Invalid and do ligtt. work. Address MRS.
BURK. 529 Eighth st., room 14. Oakland. ... .
T RK3SMAKING AND PLAIN SEWING;
j XJ cheap. Call or address 2113 Mason su
TJRESSMAKER FROM NEW YOBK WANTS
XJ work at ladies' houses by the day. , 305 Eddy.
n-O ' HOUSEWIVES — COLUMBIA • EMPLOY-
-l ment Agency, lag Fourth su. furnishes I very
best help at short notice. Tel. black 1353.
■youN(i LADY. WANTS housekeeping
J. position or plain sewing. 203 Powell su; room 5.
A* OUNG FRENCH woman wishes SlTUA-
x7tci' n^ H- cook : '' German .or French preferred.
MIS.- DAN hq sixth St.. room 10. ■ ,
"\f IDBLE- AGKD WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
i": Place to assist; is willing and obliging: wages
f.i to f I2per month: city or Oakland: references.
Please address 31K& T M box 94, Call Otnce.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD WAN IS SITUA-
" uo pi city or country: la good cook and can do
general housework. Call or address 221 Minna. ■
■"R 3 F I £ EB 1 ENCED DRESSMAKER WOULD
rTo 4* c * few engagements by tbe day. Address
522 1 Ay. or st. ■
YY ANTE D— BY A respectable V* OMAN,
_' » a position as a working housekeeper; would
do general housework in a small family; best of
'at "s 4o c: h c p y or coaalry ' Apply for three days
jat 23 South Park. v ww* j
THIRST-CLASS RELIABLE - WOMAN WANTS
X housework by the day: terms 91 50 per day.
Call or address 127 Bar, bet. Dupont anil Kearny.
HORTHAND AND. TYPEWRITING; CAM-
i- pa gn speeches written and revised: all kinds
of copying neatly done; reasonable. 420 Mont-
gomery st.. room a,
V IIR . s T* t;LIAS COOK AND SECOND COOK
x wishes a place in city or conntry; speaks
French and English, and understands French,
German and English cooking and all kinds of
pastry; city or country. Call or address 704
Bryant SU ■
TT. L J> ?. R^ Y lady WISHES SITUATION to
J-J do llitbt housework; city or country. Address
or call 216 Minna su . - • '
"V"OUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
iin re^ do liBDt housework. 31% Boardman place,
A r " UNO LADY DESIRES POSITION IN BE-
x fined family as governess; speaks French and
Italian; well educated: also good seams.resa or
care of children, Call 2030 Pacific aye.
] nOMPETENT^ YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
I VJ with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
. **'¥& oraew city or country. Call or ad-
i dress 91 Market su. room 19.
' SPANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
j tJ tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
| menu Apply 105 Larkln St., room 3.
j A STERN GIRL. GOOD WORKER, WISHES
XJ situation for Keneral housework. Apply 302
j Liberty si., near church.
j DtLIABLt CHAMBERMAID .OR WAIT-
At ress desires a situation. Address 1031 Market
su, room 8.
•\\ l? C . A EP. HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
! «V«n. ar s? ! 20 ° rooms: 25c to 91 60 per night:
*. 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus ana baggage to and from the lt-rrv.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MAIE.
CR. HANSEN A CO, 110 GEARY ST., FUR-
• nlsh haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
j hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men. mm
I ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
( and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
1 mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
CHINESE A:if JAPANESE RKLIABLK
help; teL Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO.. 640 Clay.
'T> «-. L,. COOK'o SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
j x . tranches -.short notice, j 4 Geary. te;.<iran:
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
«J ogee; pest help, SI 4B Sutler: lei «.rani 30.
( "" I NEaK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
Vj office; b»-st belrt. 4141^ CFarrell; teL i-_ 42&
JAPANESE METAL-WORKER: GO<>D HAND
in Ins, grinding, polishing at d all other finish-
I lug works: can operate machinery; understands
mechanical <i rawing; has experience .In manufac-
ture of wire nails; city or country; wages no ob-
! **"• ■ H.. 1329 Pine st.
EING A PRACTICAL MINER AND PROS-
pec:or in placer and - quartz, also expert with
I mineral rod, wants partner to furni grub, outfit
1 and expenses for prospecting. W. A. M., 231
I feancherau
\\T ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN. GKR-
| ■ » T man, to wash dishes, assist in cooking, wait on
; table or other work; city or country. Pease ad-
-1 dress ii. VI.-.LIiZ. 631 Sacramento St.. room 23.
YOUNG MAN (SCANDINAVIAN) WISHES
, X slinatlon: ciiy or country; first-class driver:
, attend to horses and garden; also good milker;
; references. Address G. A., box 81. Call office.
X) LIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES' A POSI-
Xt non as photo-printer; had 7 years' experience;
, can Live best ol reference. Address P. T., box 71,
I Call Office. ; • .
YOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION WITH
X private family; understands the care of horses
! and driving; good reference. D. MULLEDY, ban
< Matea . . : .
• /"I ERMAN (SO), 3 MONTHS IN COUNTRY.
i vJ wishes situation: speaks English: strictly
sober and honest. Address H. G.. box 101, Call. "
! SITUATION WANTED BY A DANISH CAR-
! » penter on a farm: understands milking, etc.
; Address Danish, box 46, this office. '
NGINErjR AND MACHINIST WHO THOR-
| XLi oughly understands electrical work desires po-
| alUon. Address E. at., box 46. CalL
j OY 17 WOULD LIKE TO GET WORK: UN-
I 1j deratands care of horses: city or country.
I Call or address 1627 Howard su ' . ■
rTv by a STRONG YOUNG MAN, to
drive truck or delivery wagon; experienced.
; Address H. P., box 76, Call Office.
ARBER-GOOD YOUNG BARBER WANTS
x* steady position or help out evenings, Saturday
, ar.d Sund.-.y. Address S. a, box 91. Call Office.
AN INDUSTRIOUS . man WITH first-
class Eas crn and San Francisco references
I from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114. Call office.
ELI ABLE MAN WANTS A SITUATION ON
-XV a ranch to cook for three or four men or to
I take charge of a ranch: thoroughly understands
the work on a ranch. Address M. C, box 88, Call,
WANTtD BY ENGLISHMAN: A PLACE IN
'» private stable and make himself generally
useful around place; moderate wages: California
reference; city or country. Address Groom, box
, 109, Call Office.
OUSE-CLEANER : WANTS TO DO : ALL
kinds of house-cleaning by tbe day. Address
Japanese GEORGE. 1210% arkin sU
POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN AS
assistant bookkeeper or clerk; .salary not so ;
I mnch an object as opportunity to gain experience; i
I first-class references. Address G. 8., box 86, Call.
I 1 . OY, IB YEARS OLD, AKS AND WR~ITES
I Italian and English, would like work In oflice.
Address 108 Valparaiso M.
SPECTABLE YOUNG GERM AN, SPEAKS
Xt English well, would like to drive laundry
I or delivery wagon; weil acquainted In the West-
i crn Addition and In the city: worked five years In
last place: can give Al references. Address C.
Schlundu 448 Clementina su
YY* ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE. POSITION'
"as overseer and housekeeper on ranch. W.
I 8., pox 66 « Call Office.
QTRONG BOY, 18 YEARS OLD, SPEAKING
) *■-. French and English, wishes a situation in a
1 store or wholesale hous': will make himself gen-
I erally useful; is able to help with bookkeeping if
j necessary: lives ! with parents. Address Utility,
j Call Branch Office, 530 Montgomery st.
MAN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS;
-J-VX man to cook, bake, wife assist ■in kitchen or
1 honsawork. Address 221 Minna st. .
yOUNG BOY (16) WANTS PLACE NEAR
!■ X city on fruit ranch or dairy; is of mechanical
I turn; could work with machinist; small compen-
sation for go d home. Call or address for one
! week, C. P., 1 19 Ninth st.
\jY MAN: ON PRIVATE PLACE: UNDER-
XJ stands horses,' cows and nlain gardening; 5
years In la»: piece: good references. Address C.
A., bos 4, Call Office, Oakland. ' .
Y\ INCHESTKR HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
.» T. Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per Eight:' $1 50 to 96 per
j week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry. -
I GIRAHUATE OF STENOGRAPHY AND
VT bookkeeping desires a position in some whole-
sale and commission nouse; • wages not I a particu-
lar object; best of referpnees furnished. Address
B. It., box 74. Call Office. / - '
I THIRST-CLASS BLACKSMITH IN GENERAL
I -I work and ' horseshoeing; can do a little wood
■ work: would like to have situation -to go in the
I ct-nntry. Address S. S., box 74. Call Office.
j W INCUESTKK HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
I " Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
I rooms; 25c to 91 50 per night: $1 50 to 98 per
m-, k- trey 1 .-, and baccate 10 ami from ihc fprrr.
JWIALE iijtiLi'. ivamed;
TTOTEL COOK. 935;' BKsTaURANT COOK.
1 XX "935; restaurant cook, country, $20; boarding-
j house cook. 926 : cook on a ranch, $15. fare paid;
French cook. r*estaarant, $.10: French ironer. *25:
ranch cook.. $30; German cook. $25; girls for
housework,* city and country, 920 and 925: young
gir.s: assiHt, $15. C. R. HANSEN A Co., 110
I Geary sU
W AITRESSES AND CHAMBERMAIDS, RE-
' t sort, $20, see proprietor here: waitress, Fres-
no. 5-'O: waitress, hotel, ■ near city, ■ $20. C R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Ueary St.
YY* ANTED— a CHAMBERMAIDS ANDWAIT-
»• rpxi'-s. country resort, $'Jli; cook for Redwood
I ttjr, $60, see party her.- early; gir i for boase-
vorK for • i;y and country- too numerous to adver-
vi^-, $15, $vo and *_'5: : plenty of work for those
who n ' Mt> work. J. F. CROSKTT A, va, 312
I Suiter st.
IjiRENCH COOK. 930: COOK, COUNTRY, $30;
X nurse, 920: second girl, 925; ■■■■ 15 housework
prls, city and country, ?'_'O and $^5: lO;youn»
girls, assist, ?10 to $15. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sot *
(t^ 1 ? 1^. . OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
Sutler si in family.- MISS CULLEN, 323
VV S?SJIS, HoUsKKEEPER, $25, RANCH
" -v i>.^ CULLEN. 328 Sutler sU ■
G>-°u^er?u *"" 1UY * * W - Mlb::i , CULLJ2N. 323
Cr'H -u*;; , UK , S «'EI>ISH WOMAN, WITH A
VT child, $16. MISS CCLLEN, 323 Suiter i"Ai
C'snue? l^ MAIJJ "T»-iO. Miat* CULLEN, 323
v^ ooiter su ;^SSsHB9IHBBHHMBHBIBBtf
_ .'HELP.: TV ANTED- Continued.
COOK, FEW BOARDERS, cbUNTBY, $25;
1 cook, small resort, $25: ranch cooks, 920 and
925: 40 women for good country places. • MUR-
RAY a READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634-636 Clay at. ■■ ■■
Waitress, first-class, YEAR round,
;■»» country hotel, $20: waitress, assist chamber-
work, nice place, near city, 918: 10 waitresses,
country places, and others. MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay su
GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILDREN AND
do some washing, £20. MRS. HIRP, 721 Ellis.
SWKDISH HOUSEGIRL. ■ 925: COOK. $-5~:
German gin, housework, 2 in family, $20: ! 4
house?lrls. Oakland, 920 and 925; middle-aged
woman, $15. 315 Setter su
W"ANTi£I.— SMALL GIRL, ASSIST LIGHT
'» housework: small wages. 232 Second aye..
near California.
14' A N 1 ED-NEAT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
* work: small family: must understand cocking.
2319 a Pli.e at.
"V OUNG .lady, GOOD SINGER and
x dancer, for engagement In Arizona: 990 per
month. B. F.. box 2, Call Office.
Girl, LIGHT HOUSEWORK. CHRISTIAN !
VT home, wages small. 1310 Fell, nr. Broderick.
"\\r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
' • liou?ework,pla!n cooking;: call 10 to 12 o'clock.
1425 Post - / r --.;,--. - .-.-■.
V OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X 4032 Twenty-fifth st , near Noe,
■VEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK.
-1-' 810 Montgomery st.
\y ANTED— YOUNG GIBL WAITRESS, i.024
«» Hyde st.
PPBENTICE GIRL ON - GENTS'. NECK-
wear. . 612% Leave worth SU .
FINISHERS AT 633 STEVENSON ST.
\l r ANTED— GIRL TO DO HOUSEWORK.
'» Call at 435 Eddy su .
pOOD PANTS- FINISHER: MUSTOPEBATE.
Vjr 1018 Howard sU
WANTED— GERMAN GIBL 18 YEARS OLD.
»' Apply 9 toll a. U. 1434 Post SU
STKONG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1728 Fell su. near Ash bury.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN CHAMBER-
maid. Unaell House, cor. Sixth and Howard.
EFINED LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
XV business. Call 131 Post, room 21. ■
STRICTLY GERMAN GIRL, 16, FOR
kitchen work, $10 month. 1305 Mission si.
GIRL i OR SMALL JEWISH FAMILY ; LIGHT
work: plain cooking: »10 per month. 601 Post.
YV ANTED— YOUNG GEKM.AN GiKL 'iU As-
*'. gjat with housework. Call at 1818 Ellis sU
\\r AI TRESS WANTED-THOKOUGHLY COM-
»' petent and experienced waitress and house-
maid; not over 30 years old: wages $25. Address,
giving references, W. E., box 90, this office.
QPERATOKS. 32% FREMONT st. :
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR general
housework. Apply Monday morning 665 Capp.
AIRDRESaING. 25c AND 85c: MOKNING
»nd eve classes: 101essops,91 60. 1243 Mission.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DKESS-
J making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to ord»-r, 25c up. Me
Do WELL Academy,636 Market. opp. Palace Hotel.
LADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
J Toes., 2 to 3: dresscntting. 14 McAllister. r. 67.
AIR-DUESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell su and 105 Ninth.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms: 25e to $1 50 per nlcb:: $1 50 to 96
p»rwe-k: »r.-«- 'bus «ml tag"a:-> -.ownil from f<rr-.-.
31ALK Hti.l- WA.NTUD.
TRONEB AND RUN - SHIRT MACHINE,
-L rir»:-c ass hotel laundry, country, $40 and found
and free fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary."
SECOND HEAD WAITER. $50: COOK AND
wife, countr* hotel. *70 to $80; pastry cook
and baker for summer resort, 9lo; cook, country
restaurant, $40 and room; (-erman barkeeper,
country saloon. $30 and found: porter an.l wife
j to do cbamberwork, country hotel: pantrrman,
restaurant, »30: second cook, hotel, $35: baker,
sraa I shop, $26; 20 farmers and haymakers. *15,
$20 ana 925; choremen, milkers and others. C.
R. HANStN A CO., 110 Geary su
qx a men ''-wanted for different
UtJXJ places in California, from 920 to $100 per
month and found: 30 farmers, orchard and vine-
yard hands. S3O. $25 and $20; 20 laborers, 91 70 a
Cay; 6 teamster*. $1 70 a day; 3 milkers 2 butter-
maicers. -JO tiemakers, 8c and 10c each: 6 labor-
ers for a ip.rce mine, $33 per month and found,
steady job: stableman, city: :• cltoremen, city : 20
men 10 dig ditches, 10 woodebopp-rs. 10 fruit
pickers, $20 and found: machinist. $3 a da ■ 8
men to hoe potatoes ani bears, 920 and found.
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 lay su
pLERK FOR A COUNTRY HOTEL. MUST BE
\J able to tend bar. $30 and found, see boss here-
-6 cooks 925, $35. 940. $50. *60: 4 waiters, $25
and 930: 2 dishwashers. $16 and 925; :< ranch
cooks. -• MURRAY A KEADY, Leading Employ-
meni Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. -
Y\' ANTED— 2 BUTTERMAKERS, SEE BOSS
«' in city: 4 more Otenakcm, 10c each: frult-
peddiers-. 6 farmers. $20 and $26 and found: 3
la ndryrnen. $30 and $35 and found; chore-boys,
$10 and $12 and 10 net; urn ace man, $35 a'iid
found; t-rrand-boy for' country, $10 and tound;
hotel cook, $40 and found; baker, country, $40
and kmnd: waiters and others. J. F. CROSEIT
A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
\Y" Tr.II-LAr D V MAN FOR FRENCH
* T laundry near city. $25: Frenchman for bakery,
country, $20: dlsuwhsher, $20; young French
waiter. $30; porter, family hotel, 915: Japanese
dishwasher, 915; etc LEON ANDRE, 315 stock-
ton su .
YY' ANTF. D— ERM A N OR FRENCH COOK
" for private boarding-house, $ ,0: second cook
for springs, $40; second cook, near city, 935: res-
taurant cook, $40 and room; etc LEON ANDRE
315 Stockton st. ,
j" RICK-MOLDER, 92 50 A DAY: CLAY-TEM'-
•■ perer, $2 a day; 3 Uemakers, 10c apiece, see
boss here: milker, city, $30: second cook, country
hotel, $35; farmhands, teamsters, miners, bark-,
peelers. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
HEAD WAITER: HOTEL. CITY. $25, 930
Employment office. 128 Fourth su
BRIGHT, >HARP HUSTLER TO SELL Cl-
xj gars and manage a department in a wholesale
house; former experience in the line not neces-
sary; we want a hostler. E. K. A., box 99, Call.
STEADY YOUNG MA N TO DRIVE BUTCHER
wagon and help In shop: has some experience
C. 8.. care F. RAHLMaNN, South Sau Francisco.
YV ANTED-SMALL BOY ABOUT 15: KEsir>
»' ing with parents and out in Mission: for store
work. Address Boy, box 46, Call Office.
pOOD MAN AT SOLICITING AND CAN-
VJ vassing. big cash returns; short notice. Aa-
dress C. R., box 75, Call Ofhce.
YY' ANTED AT ONCE. A FIRST-CLASS
T» washer. $40 and found. Sun Laundry. 764
Seventh »v, Oakland. ■
I UTCHER; YOUNG SINGLE MAN; KX-
it perienced; references. Address 8., box 148,
Call office.
YOI'NO MAN, GERMAN PRJEFKRRED, IN
X butcher shop. ISO 4 Steiner su. near Eddy.
YV ANTED— GROCERY CLERK AT SACRa"
' ' memo and Walnut sts.
YV ANTED— RESTAURANT WAITER, AT 43
'* Second su
W ANTED^TYPESETTEB. 629 WASHING-
» » ton st.
AHP.EH FOR WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY
XJ and *nnd»y. 11 sixth
■BOOTBLACK WANTED. 32 THIRD STREET.
YY* ANTED— BOY, 15 YEARS OF AGE, TO
" learn jwelry trade. -1525 Market sU
Air ANTED— STEADY MAN IN COMMISSION
.-.»» business; will pay $75 per month; cash re-
qnlred $150. See STRAND A CO.. 45 Third su
A!;BM:-SHoP. COUNTRi'; Br.ST 2-CHaIR
shop In the stare: for sale on reasonable terms.
Apply sTOLTZ, 630 Market sU
|JARBI;KS— 2-CHAIR 15C-SUOP; $75; TRIAL
_>_ given. 3204 Twenty-fourth st.
•VTE W" WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
X> 3d aDd 4th— Single furnished rooms, nUht 15c to
60c;week $1 to $2 &o;readlng-room;strictestatten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
WANTED — BY, EXPERT. ACCOUNTANT
. i T several sets of . books to write -■ up . evenings;
also, lessons in bookkeeping given; terms mod-
erate: best of references. - Address L. C, box 144,
Call < Glee. -
\ir ANTED— MAN TO COOK IN BOARDING-
* » house: $30 per month. 739 Fourth st. ,'■
ANTED— STEADY MAiN; PERMANENT
position; will be 'assured' of at least $75 per
month; must, be steady and have 9160 cash. Ap-
ply BAILEY, rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st,
ARBEB-.SHOP AND 3 ROOMS AND SMALL
; store: reasonable. 619 Broadway.
NERGETIC MAN, WITH 940: CASH, CAN
secure steady, • urcfltable employment by ad-
dressing E. X.. box 165, this office.
1,-IOR SALE — ELEGANT ANTIQUE . OAK,
X I five-chair barber-shop furniture. Apply 327
Geary st.
ARBERS— 2Sc • SHOP IN MINING TOWN
for sale: • tbe only one in town. DECKELK. AN
8R05.. : 106 Kills sU
YV ANTED— FOREMAN FOR STEAM LAUN-
,»»- <' ry ; man I understand his business and be a
sober man : v a good place for the right p <rty. An-
swer by letter and ■ give references. Address box
95. Mercury Office, Mn Jose. Cal. . '
(S BAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
VT shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to 93, $5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 25; all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days in order to enlarge ' store and
put In new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
\V INCHESTER HOUSE, 44THIRD ST., NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
.. " . some - simple ■ thin? .to ■ patent?.. Protect ' your
Wees; they may bring you wealth, Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A <"0.. DepuL, patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C. for their 91800' prize offer
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted. >■ :■■':.-
\V'E HAVE ,*A> LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
» » selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. . 662 Mission su '.:'.'
fTIRYv ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; 91 a week.'
V
HELP, ; '.WASiXlSD— Continued.
ABBERS— FOR E MPLO YME NT C ALL SEC-
retaqr Barbers' Asso.. 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
IJAKBEKS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
-!> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
V>ARRERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY- i
X) ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
\J AKBKlta' ASSOCIATION OF 1 Al, EMPLOY-
X> menu SeCy. p. cliamann. '.'39 Li O*FarrelL
T\r ANTED— FOB THE UNITED STATES
IT Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
I no: less tn\n 1 5 . feet • 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English property; only citizens of ,
the United States or persons who have legally de- j
dared their intentions to becom- citizens will be '
accepted: .this Important branch of the naval
service offers - special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the word on board our ,
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recrui Ing Office. 20 Ellis st-, San Francisco, Cal. ;
TTiREE BEER— 2 SCHOONERS FOR 6c; ALSO j
J a bottle of lager or steam, sc, at 637 Clay at. ..
F" ~Tbst-class CARRIAGE striper on j
light and heavy wore Address box 95, this
office. *
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS, 25c NIGHT,
91 week. Rosedale Hous-, 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
"1 l\f\ MEN TO TAKE LODuINU AT lOc. 15c
IV'U and 20c a night, including coltM ana rolls. ■
624 Washington hU. near Kearny. (
S.— REJuOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643 V I
• C ay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 5c ;
T ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN. |
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
. i STHMA CUKE GUARANTEED; DK.OOB-
.'V din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
ESI IN CITY- -SING " B ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $i. 91 25. SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Letdesdorg sts.
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" yonr old shoes and make them as good as new.
and with our new machines we can do your work j
at one-half the usual price: done while you wale. ;
6tii Mission aU, between First and Second ats.
Be si PLACE IN THE CITY FOB second- j
band shoes, 749 Mission su, opp. Grand Opera- '
bouse: new calf shoes, pointed toe. oar make, $2 50 '
and $3:* ladies', gents* and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. •
DOOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO »1 60
XX per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm su
A*' ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
• T to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 150 |
large rooms: 25c per Bight; «1 to $3 per week.
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR *2 50:
balf-solelng 25c op. 969 Howard su. nr. Sixth.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
-> ' sts.; single furnished rms 76c week. 15c night.
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»T er^ tclerKs. KNOX Collection A gey. 110 Sutter
WANTED— MEN TO LhABN BARBER
•» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue senu S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
Echo house, 863% MARKEX -ST.—
Rooms 20c.. 25c to 50c night; *1 to $3 week.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE BOOMS, 15c A DAY; 91
»» *-»ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, 91 60 a wee*;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su
\i KNTOFKKD MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
-• ' all crtffra keep i-
AGJiNXs WA3FXKU.
t
EMPIRE LIFE. ~ "
. —PURE LIKE—
—INSURANCE-^
AT COST.—
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSS.
. zz
A GENTS— HOUSEHOLD ARTICLE YOU CAN
•^»- sell; makes money. Department A, Detroit
Paper-bag Company. Detroit, Mich.
<»' UP A DAY— AND WOMEN. CALL
<fi?<-> room 433, Emporium building, tourth floor.
GENTS, MALE AND FEMALE, TO SELL
Gress' patent long-handle dustpan. 9% Eighth.
lIKXIXIKE WANTED.
T WANT FURNITURE AND OFFICE " FIX-
X tures of any kind; will pay good prices. Call or I
send card 7 City Hall aye.
. C, MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI- i
• fornia st., corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
DIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' auc Co., 1057 Market, pays cash
IF TOO WANT GOOD Pi.ICES FOB FURNl-
tnre and merchandise see BURP. 211 Lanctn.
BASCH. 321 -BUTTER. WANTS FURNI-. I
. ture. saloons and merchandise: highest price. ;
H ' Mayer BUYS YOUR furniture.
. rarpots. piano. .1133 MarkPt: Xc\. Jegaie 701.
KOOjIS WANTED. '
A\'AN:ED-2 FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH
'» a view, for light housekeeping; centrally lo-
cated: state lowest terms. Address Room, box 86,
Call. ;■ ■ ;
J s CELLAR *• ° v •
T\r ANTED— TO EXCHANGE A PET DEER
\\ for abicycle.t:.N.PAßMENTEß.Wlnters.Cal.
SECOND - HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS' \
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery .
CELL -YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW j
0 »lrv to a. KLEIN. i»9 Six:'» nr.: K»>n.l pnstai. .
|j BICYCLES.
\ T EW BARNES TANDEM~FOR^SALeT^AP^
i.l ply 11 Stockton su
TANDEM; BRAND NEW; '96: $T5O: SELL
X for $ 100.' F. R. GBANNIS A CO., 609 Market.
JUST IMAGINE A HIGH-GRADE BICYCLE
for $10 and upward. 306 Post st.
QECOND-H AND STERLING Al' EXCEPTION-
O ally low rates and terms. 314 Post su
SECOND-HAND . WHEELS IN PERFECT ;
order: terms, cash or installment; Cresc^n: i
$25, Cleveland $30, Victor 940, Crawford $33, ]
Beu Hur tandem. DAVIS BROS.. 25 Geary su
'96 YOSEMITE TANDEM. ALMOST NEW?
91CO. W. CRANE, 324 Post SU '
JWINFIELDPEAHSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
• Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles ■
QC NEW FALCON: HIGH GRADE: 945 AND
00 $55 each; half price: few ■. left.' GEORGE I
WEBB ALEXANDER. 401 Market su
DARK CYCLERY-NEW "WHEELS TO i^ET; :
X best . accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo- ■
Allister and Powell su car lined. ;
i oil -SALJi— MisCfclLLA-N tUnif. •
UY YOUR ba*by" carr iXgesXntTh ;
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage Company, 44-' Sixth.
T."«A3IILY COW FOR SALE: CHEAP. 847 |
X Florida sU. near Twenty-first, below BryanU
ACIHL' GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
JL order- 'J Adams prtg presses; power. 616 Mission
T.OB SALr —PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL- i
JL Hani . M ford's portable house. Apply to MRS. !
E. ELFORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland, j
OOD CASH REGISTER. MAGUIKE, 130 !
VJT Sunsome su, room 9. j
NT ' HORSEPOWKRGAS ENGINE ; CHEAP. I
VJ Apply 210 i» JLarkin st., after 6 p. it. |
nOUSTKRS, i.»Ki.\ INGJ SHOWCASES I
\J bought and sold. 1121% Market. bet. 7th A Sih. '
AItGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES; !
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California. j
L»OILERS,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINERY, 1
x 1 waterplpes, Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale. |
• UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHEd"
' ' doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission. ■ '
SiOMAU MEDIUM AND LAROE SIZS
.'fire and bnrx!=r proof safe. . 09. 11l Market st.
I/ 1 IRK AND BURGLAR SAFr, LETTER- !
X I press, platform scales and desk .-cheap. 102 Clay. j
VEW.RASUKS CHEAPER THAN SECONJ> '■
-I band. *'. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California <-
SJKWING MAt'UINKi).
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, ■"sOLDT^XCHANGEDk !
■fV rented, repaired : lowest rain*. 205 Fourth «. •
Dt.MisTS.
PROOME DENTAL ASSOcfA^rToNT^o^MART
\J ketsu. bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists;
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from 91; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1.
■L-.IBHT-CL-ASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS !
X 1 prices;, first-das^ results: painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5375. W.C. H \R-
PINO'. CM., M.D., 500 Sotter su, corner PowelL v
DX- LU DLUAI HILI, 1443 iiAMKEI' ST~ '
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei i
plates are made: old .plates made over like new
teeth from 98 per set; extracting 6Oc; gas given. '
EkR. GEORiiE W. LEEK. TriE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction ;
and patentee of . Improved bridge ; work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell su ;
DR. L. T. KANZ-EXTKACTION PAINLESS.". i
crown work, ; bridge work t and teeth witboat
pSales a specialty. 103 Geary st.. cor. Grant ava.
<2»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
VP • good as can be made: flllln? $L Dr. SIMMs -
dentist. 980 Market su. next Baldwin Theater. '
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. ; t 60c; CROWS
bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up: 13 vearV
experience. ?B.L. W ALsH. D.D..5.. M1 5.^4 Gear*
1 t K. BUCKET 1V1703 JPOVrsT^ NEAR BU-"
iv cn»nan; gas given; crown and bridge wont
yULL .-Ji. off TKKTIt, $7 • WaRRAVPKU
if five year,. DR. V. t A VaLSK Y. 24 "xt^ '"
IMiyrOS DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BOtf MAK^
O ket M. , DR. CHABLE3 W. aECKER. .T^T
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1208 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate. cv»».— Open <ev<.nlnCT:-Pnn Jam till noon.
/ .: TYFEAVBITERS. *
EEMINGTON, 935; -SMITH. 960; SKND FOR
Xi sample work. SCOTT 4BANNAN.333Mntimjr
— : " — ; : : ~ : : /
PEKSOyAT>S» •■•'.;..;
; t>arttvot6n"'s~school of magazine
Pand Newspaper • Illustration, 4*4 Pine su. is no*
ope" after^vacation. For particulars apply „
address above. " ' - . : _
A DVICK FREE: DIVORCE UWS A BPE.
r.r» in« POMPAN Y • 1028 MARKET BT\T
OMn low rOAtpYVY 1028 MARKET .
doior?work fn a\l br'ancaes, guard dw,
phone Mlut. 601- ™- ISE * OKEENHAN.
. lU . v THAT ACTRESS WHOSE HAIR
alw sills that ••Qulnonia"' hair tonic
i'.^^^jggc^b, does good work. GEQ.
PURE CURE FOR POISON OAK, RING-
SVotma and l other skin tronblea: ec^ma re-
-2053. San Francisco. Cat. • ■ , .
i Vvnii — wnsIXESS TRANSACTED WITH-
• L oui vice free and confidential.. J.
! ii trfvkk.ss. 402 Montgomery St.. room 18..
DIG OUTDOOR STKKEOPTICON SHOVV riVS.
B^nlrtt cor Market and Bixth sts. ; artistic aj-
i - t TTHE VERYLOWKST EASY TKRM
: A cJn buy fnrnitnr*. carpets, Uankeu, e^^»
CHTia^Aa-llrM^oKrope" .^uSS™*
SSSfSS
UrATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
VV low prices; flrst-das, «ork guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary, nr. Kearnv.
Tf RS. dr. PORTER. chiropodist and Fa.
M cial artist: wrinkles removed or no chars*:
purest toilet articles. li 6 Kearny st.. room 47.
I SUITS to ORDER on installments I . to
b guaranteed parties, «15 upward. v'"Lu '"L a j*
Talorlng Company.l 117 Market st..bet 7th and B.h.
LADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
bnsine^s partner capital. 123 Post 81.,
AZOB-FIXING OUR SPECIAL! V: FINE
edge put onrazor,2sc Razor Ezch e,63oMar^et
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. A Kearny.
C* LOAES, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
[ \j mannfrs' cost. Factory, 20 sansome, upstairs.
T IBEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS JiiW-
' Xi elry. etc. : lowest ratgs. 948 Market st.
MTROZYNSKL LEADING LADIES* HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
L,D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
dothlne bougnu COLM AN. 41 "jo. cor. Je^le.
• » WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THB
A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
IJiIKSSMAK-IiKS.
BESSES ?2 UP: WRAPPER"* 3 • CENTS UP;
U lawn* $1 up. 50534 ,Vat"ii.a ot.. i>.ove Sixth.
y.; ..•■ EDUCATIONAL.
~TIIm I'e .^HYI; RT^LANoTIirAN D O vu I N, BAN-
J\. jo studio. 405 Geary, B. 17: hours Btolo P. v.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, 715 POST ST.;
vocal music: piano; •locution: practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe-
cialty ; vocal classes Monday, 8 p. m. : $ 1 a month.
A TTEND SI IEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
A. su The very best Individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1: books free. - .> \
Y RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
,■ ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
J ' Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING, ME.
chanical engineering, surveviuz, architecture-
assay: estab. '64. VAN DKBNAILLEN,723Mkt,
ELOCUIION. DRAMA. DELSARTE. PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture; Rppearances ar-
ranged.- 299 Hyde st. ; call after 1 p. it.
P. SWAIN. ARTIST: CH ! NA . r A PESTRY;
. oil lessees 50c. 344 McAllister st.
BOOKKPNG, WKITNG. ABITHSITC, GRAMR
day A nisht ; nnclasses : $5 month. 84 5 Mission
C^ UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
T ssons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
B OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley; special classes tor the universities.
\ f USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
■nl in singing; S4 a month. 854 Mission st.
ROFESSOBG. MANSFIEU), TEACHER OF
-I- violin, guitar, mandolin, basjo. 1707 Mar
JOSEPH GK.KVEN, VOICE- IMPROVER. 83
Ninth sU - ' -■ -
1 _ _ ILAIKVOJAMS. ~
SUCCESS ABSOLUTELY" GUARANTEE d"
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M, L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will efve ad-
vice on bnsiness speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
: happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, elves advice on lawsuit* and
everything relating to the future, thousands of
i families Ion; separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his preaio-
I tion*: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy su.
'; Hours irom 9 to 9 daily ana Sundays,
ME, STEWKRT, SEVENTH DAUGHTER
of the seventh daughter, still as:onht::e*-> tba
city by i>rodncing exact likeness of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on tbe coast; test her powers ere
; she sails for Europe: she guarantees 10 bring back
j lost love: makes peace and happiness in the home.
j Rooms 3 and 4. 917 Market st.
GIT AN A THE GYPSY. '. : .' _. .-.
This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
the Ori»-nt and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fa:e; she ad-
vises yon on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* the separated
and causes speedy at.d happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk St.
\|ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
i.'t .precedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms .0 all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45. »08
; Stockton st. : elevator.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, card- reader, born with a double veil and
second sight: ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings »1 50. 126 1 ark st., nr. /ones.
RETCRNED, WORLD-RENOWN MM A.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
A I MJS. AKNDT, BK.ST FORTUNE TELLER IV
1U the world; 50c and «1. shows you the plctureof
your future husband or wif;». 4 Twelfth. cor.Markee
RS. KNIGHT, MEDIUM; MY- TIC CARD
reader; fee 50c: ladies only. 714 Leaven worth.
GYPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c
gents SOc: all questions answered. 5 Seventh.'
1 ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUMrREVEALS
I*l past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard su
MME RAVEN A HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY-
-111 business advice; names given;'2sc up. 5 Fourth!
ME. L.KGKITK: PRKSENT. PAST AND
future: 25c 311 Tehama, upstair,, nr Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE Tr.LLS FROM CKADLKTO
.theKrave:feg^scen:a. 914 O'Farre:i au
fi^T CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST IN
thecity: fee oaU- 50c. 29 Kdd ■• >i reet. -
!>l'il.ll V tSJJ..
J^ VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG^wTSMKSHIi
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE SI A UPW ism
HOPE, HELP. LOVE AND LUCK FOP ALL?
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or -down"? Hh
read this and learn that life Is yet worth llvln™
MRS. DR. A. IT. HOWE, who has helped so man>
thousands on this coast In the ten years past Is
at tin at her old offices. 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as" ready as ever to nsaist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. . Yonri whole life revealed: success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless- me
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if yon think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. SEVER FAILS. she does
not know what failure mea is! Her "Revealea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh ls'heir to. and no
matter of how lons standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment Dy mail i-> way.i most suo-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
_^ Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE 91 & UPWARD! FEK $1 A UPWARD!
> MRS. l)k. a. D. HOWE,
13-0 Market st., opp. Seventh,
■ : 2 San -Francisco.-
RS. DR. Mirandas; "
The world-rrnowned spiritual medium still
continues to hold ■ the public's at ten ton by her
wonderful work. Thousands have been united
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. Your life described irom cradle 10
the grave. Her revealed medicines work miracles
with the sick and affllc.ed: letters with stamn
answered: diagnosis irom lock of hair: hours iv
to 8: closed Fridays; sittings $1. I*oB Market st.
AT IIfLARKIN, 8 P. M.-PEOPLE .s"~SPIRI
Itmlists meeting; : Mr. Norton, Mrs. Elli«.
good music. v *•"»,
HENRY CRINDKLE-DEVKLOPING MAT?"
rializi:ig se aticc this eve.; 25c. 1027 Market:
M. FRANCIS, INDEPBNDr.NT SLut"
» writer. 118 Halght st ; hours 8 until 6p. m"
Bishop Garrison, 1370 market; sea\"
ces Tuesday. Friday even's., 25c. ; 10 to 4 daily.
MBS. KATE HOSKINS, TKA^B AND Busi-
ness medium: sittings daily ; gl. IKB Oaksit. •
VRANK HAUTE. 1027 MARKET-^TEsTTiR
T. -nop!»y;feei«l: 10 to 4. x vi *
ASTROLOGY. ~~ — — —
ASTROIX3G V A NX) ME I> 1 < I N :'•; N ATTVITIeI
;XV or questions answered: Prof. Howar "s vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3. ■ —
: Pit FESSIOXAL CAKI>S.
TVT ILLS, i DEEDS. ETC. L. SONTaG, ATTY
..''-and Notary. 116 Market; res., 2126 Howard.
fOg 2 ! L - RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. BOOMS
i a and Crocker building; telephone Main '
75. Man Francisco, CaL
JOHNR. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHErT
1 O atti-s at law.rms 516,516. 6 th floor, ParrottIF YOU WANT TO OR BUY A BUS?-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hal! aye.
PL CA ELEGANT CIGAR STORE, DOING
<_ wOU. a fine business; th» rent Is cheap and
the locality is fine: It will pay yon to Investigate
this tine buy without delay to-day. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye. ,
$7FL BRANCH BAKERY AND CONFKC-
<fi) I «->• t.onery : locality fine, business good, rent
cheap: this is a snap* must sell to-day. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
'> HORSKs, WAtiON AND HARNESS: GOOD
— express business; established trade. T. LUBEL-
BKI, 7 City Hall aye. - ■•■■•■
IF fug WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
let me show you some fine places at bargains;
call at once. T. LUBKLsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"<2*_j-i4 CIGAR-HTORE; FINE LOCATION
O'*^'^'« In th« Mission; cheap rent: only rea-
son for selling other business: it will pay you to
investigate this fine buy before the opportunity is
lost. T. I.rBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
INK CIGAi;-STORE: FURNISHED COM-
X plote: tin" locality: cheap rent; see at once.
T. LUBKLsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Gil 'Jim PARTNER WANTED in WELL
«JpJLo»'v'. known express transfer company;
Has cream of trade in this city: clears * 300 per
month: proprietor owns his own property, barns,
storages, etc: has four fine teams running worth
$3000; best business in this State, making sure
income; established 10 years: will exchange for
country real estate: grand bargain. bIi.NBh.UG
CO., 632 Market st.
©lii'A GROCERY ON PRINCIPAL
<3)l_jOU. street: laxrres:ock; cheap rent: liv-
ing-rooms: clears $125 monthly: don't miss this
bargain; rare chance. STENBERG CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. f
©irvnn BAKERY NORTH of market;
»*pHJUU. baking three barrels dally: receipts
$250 a week; clears 150 a month: no opposition;
rare bargain. STENBEKG Co., 632 Market st,
r>»-| k l- • ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
<_* I_<). notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12; invoice
goods: sickness. STENBERO CO., 632 Market.
"VTOTICE— LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS. '
J.N Saloon, full value, pays well, $275
Restaurant, clears $75 per month, if 450.
Butchei-sbop, clears $151) per month, $1200.
i-ruitstore, hors" and watron, $350.
Branch bakery, 3 rooms, make offer, $225.
Barber-shop, 3 chairs, pays well, $325.
Grocery and bar, $275: cheap at 9600.
Corner cigar-store, near Market street, $275.
To boy or sell see STRAND dt CO., 45 Third St.
OJOXA PARTNER WANTED IX COMMIS-
«IP_.«.)V/. sion business: will clear $75 per month
to each. See STRAND <fc CO.. 45 Third st. ■
£jXA|, WHOLESALE PRODUCE C M-
<C*J\.'\i. mission business: partner wanted
with rising young man having first-class trade,
clearing from $200 to $300 per month; well estab-
lished and paying, as will be proven by a thorough
Investigation. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
C* OX(\ PARTNER WANTED I > ONE OF
SOOW. the nicest butcher-shops in the city;
elegantly fitted up: nice curt; doing business
strictly cash, clearing $40 per week; need not be a
batcher, as owner thoroughly understands the
business and will teach incoming man the same;
don't fall to investigate this. GEo. STEWART,
602 Market St.
QI7C FRUIT AND VEGETABLE iSTORP,;
«3D J.IU. best location: receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.
<2? '->•>£> CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
«3J}O— U. laundry office; No. 1 location: living-
rooms: low rent: doing good business. See BAR-
RETT. 1125 Market St.
CJOA BRANCH BAKERY: 4 LIVING-
"tIrOvJ. rooms: low rent; receipts $5 to $7 aday;
Cigar Stand. BARRETT, 1126 Market st.
QQflfift TO •booo-party with this
<JPGv/< >\J amount of capital to invest in manu-
facturing business protected by United States pat-
ent; scope is unlimited either in United states or
Europe; a large fortune can be made: the appar-
atus is now in use in this -municipality, but ca ital
is required to extend ; he business: this Is a first-
class opportunity, and invites investigation. Ap-
ply or address EDWARD SMITH, 19 City Hall aye.
O YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly? HEALY _ CO., 23 Kearny it.
PARTNER CORNER SALOON, STEADY
man $250
Corner grocery and bar at the Mission. 750
Wood and coal, Western Addition; bargain.. 25(
Corner saloon, waterfront; owner sick 500
$175— Bakery, candy, etc., at the Mission; liv-
ing-rooms: furniture included For bargains apply
HEALY _ CO.. 23 Kearny st.
REDWOOD TIM BE 1;.
FOR TIES OR A MILL.
Mendocino County, Hollow Tree Creek, covering
both banks for miles: 3000 acres controlling 6000
more; never touched by an ax; will cut 50 M
feet per acre; a first-class tract for railroad ties or
mill plant, being connected by wagon-road with
three landings on ocean: all down grade; perfect
title; stumpage $1 per M with proper security.
E. W. SKELTON, 410 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco. -- 1 -.
HE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
■L California — The best equipped boose in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house- is the best
paying investment in Northern California, aud
must be disposed of on account of sick i ess. r-or
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor. Crescent City, Ca!. '. . ,-_ ,
QSHfY partner wanted; active
fjQ\i\J. man with above amount can find a
splendid opportunity to engage in a lucrative busi-
ness which pays large profits; investment secured
by buildings and stock in trade: one partner un-
»b'e to attend to duty. Apply to H. COL EM AN,
918 Broadway, Oakland. .
QOrvfV RARE BARGAIN: FRUIT AN I
vl/. vegetable route of 180 paying custom
ens; good horse and wazon; trial gives until sails
tied. SKIFF _ CO., 921 Market st.
ffij 1 <»' BRANCH BAKERY.CANDY STORE
<_>I._O. 4 rooms. SKIFF «fe CO., 921 Market at
"LOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OK OTHER BUSI
X ness, the well-known pork packing, sausage
and provision business (Hayes Valley Pork Store)
established 20 years; long lease, good cash trade
will stand thorough investigation; no agents. In
quire at premises, 427 Hayes st.
<_1 (\f\l\ HALF INTEREST ESTABLISHEI
$IUU". country store, with good estab
llsbed trade and a large stoock; good chance for 1
business man: one partner cannot attend: refer
ences exchanged; trial given. Apply this office.
T IQUOB-STORE AND FANCY GROCERIES
-LJ prominent coiner on California st. : doing 1
cash trade of $600 ncr month; rent $35: ful
value; owner leaving the State: a bargain. Apply
BAILEY, rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st.
Qj9^r»n WIL^ BUY ONE OF THE MOST
»5-»JUu centrally located saloons on Market
St.; a rare chance for two good, practical men; six
years' lease; now doing good business. Address
E. C. box 43, Call Office. ■■■
© C\(\C\ GOLDEN WEST POULTRY RANCH
r^Dv/U. large stock; improvements worth dou
ble money asked: 4 acres: long lease. Inquire a
REINLE BROS.' grocery-store, Upper Fruit vale
Alameda County.
C.-I -\l\f\ FINE RESTAURANT AND BAK
<!J)XJLUI/. cry; perfect oven; everything com
plete; large store and family trade: best, locatioi
on coast outside tills city. UNDERWOOD, 76!
Market st.
<£i/l^n COFFEE SALOON; liEt-TCENTBAI
%S)ri.O\J, location; large business; low rent; ii
worth double amount asked; best reason for sell
Ing. . Rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st.
OOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TC
close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain If arrangement
. can be made. Address F. IX, \iox 137, Call Office
OR SALE— DOWNTOWN REBTAURANI
and li: rich house; reasonable price: no night 01
. Sunday work: suitable for man and wife; payinj
place: 20c, 25c meals. Inquire 40 Clay st.
"PARTNER WANTED WITH $600 TO $80(
X for a newly established bakery, confectioner;
and coffee saloon : good chance for a good man
Address A. 8., Call Office, Oakland.
d_"l Cfl WILL BUY AN" OLD-ESTABLISH El
*£ixO\J saloon, with 4 living-rooms; rent $15
a month. Call cor. Treat aye. and Thirteenth st.
bet. Folsom and Harrison, city. "
T"\RESS>MAKING BUSINESS . FOR . BALE-
xJ Well established: over one of the largest dry
goods houses; retiring on account of sickness. Ad
dress D. S-. box 6. Call Office. ;
q» I Afifi OLD-ESTABLISHED, GOOD- PAY
*3PXt:UI/. ing corner grocery, bar. downtown;
sacrifice: owner going East. Particulars at HIL-
BERT BROS., 103 Powel su
fl_9nn GOOD PAYING TEA AND COFFEE
f£)O\J\J. store in best town on coast; can be ran
by a lady: other business requires my atttention.
Ta A, box 60 Call Office. ■ ■■ . ■ •
\\r ANTED— OFFERS OF REAL ESTATE,
»» cash or merchandise for equity: 6-room
house*, 3(15 and 367 First aye., near Clement st.
1402 Devlsadero it. . ' .
"LHRST-CLASS RESTAUBANT FOR KALE
1: cheap; bonanza for right party: cause of sell-
Ing, sickness. Call on or address F. B. JIOuSON,
li ay wards, Ca'.. . •
pj-STAURAST; GOOD TRADE: BETWEEN
IV 2 carhouses; rent only $17; well worth $400;
will -!l at $225 ; reason, owner's sickness. Call
3279 Mission st. . . •• •
C9ftrtA A FORTUNE TO RIGHT. PARTY;
i£Z,\)\J\J. enormous profits: • very necessary
patented article; sells at sight. SKIFF _ CO.,
»21 Market st
f ADY PABI NEK WANTap IN COALYARD
lJ office to take orders and collect; small capital.
Address J. H. 1-., box 6, Call Office- - ' __'
'jF.I\ INVESTED EARNED: APRIL, $306:
t_5_.JU Mar, $362: June, $374: 1895 averaged
$85 weekly: proofs free. F. DALY, 1293 Bdwy.N Y.
L"Ol'. RENT— LAR«iB BASE \| ENT , HA LOON;
-T completely furnished t for business; low rent.
Inquire- room 62»,Parrott building, 825 Market st.
OOD CHANCE KOH RESTAURANT MAN;
first-class oyster and chophouse: In best loca-
tlon; cheap; owner leaving city. -216 Sixth st .
C? 1 OP. EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
Ilu. 0:1 account of ■ sickness; good stand;
clearing sßQ mouth.. Apply 205 Lar«ln st. . ■ " ;-
WANThD-A CHICKEN RANCH OF 8 OK
lOacr-s within 30 miles of 8. F. on easy
_*rms: full particol .rs. H. R., box 48 Call. .
('HEAP; FINK CIGAR t>TORE; GOOD LO-
J cation, near Market street: rent $15 a month;
"^reason for gelling. Apply Call Office.
P. ARBKU-SHOP, REVOLVING CHAIRS; 131-
JJ raedlatftgale: departure; bargain. 517 East st.
<& 4^A HALOON: FINE BUSINESS; LOW
%P^ O\J . rent. re _ son, poor health. 989 Pacific
I
BUSINESS" CHANCKS— Contlnnort. '
F"Tor j SALE, CHEAP— BUTCHER-SHOP IN
the Mission doing a good cash business. For
particulars apply at store, 227 Kills. r i
jrer (\ PARTNER" WANTKD IN EMPLOY-
O «JU. meat office; rare chance;- prefers partner
.0 hired help. > Call 128 Fourth st. . : -
pHICKKN RANCH FOR SALE CHEAP; 700
L/ thoroughbred fowls, 80 neks, 100 pigeons. :
1130 Twelfth st, East/Oakland. >--■ ■-■.'. |
rvRUGGISTS ATTENTION — FINE LOCA-
LJ tion: new store with rooms. Southwest cor-
aer Halght and Devlsadero sts. ■
d lA GROCKRY AND BAR: STOCK AND
«JpX I *->. fixtures: living-rooms. Apply 7 Deca- !
st, Off Bryant, near Eighth. "; -- ; .'
h RANCH bakery and notion store;
cheap: 4 sunny living rooms. SE. corner
rwenty-slxth and Bartlett ats.
AKKKY AT A BARGAIN; BAKES FROM 3
I > to 4 bbla. of flour dally ; full inspection allowed.
Center ville. Alameda County.
HE ONLY MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
of 80 rooms in Stockton for real or lease, In-
<rnIreP.'ROTKKNBUSU. ■. : ■ . i .
T/RUIT STORE FOR SALE: HORSE AND
— wagon; good trade. 1607 POLK, near Sacra-
mento; account sickness.
Cj 1 (\(\ VERY CHEAP: SALOON AND 4
O JLv'VJ . rooms: rent' $25; on account of sick-
ness. Apply Call Office, ■; ■ .
«5» OAA i.OOD BAKERY IN A BOOMING
«JpXOUU. mining town; good reasons for sell-
Ing. Apply Call Office.
/CHICKEN RANCH: CHEAP; IN EAST
\J Berkeley. Inquire FRAZEK'S Grocery, Ber-
ryman station. ..-•'■ •
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
-L will pay 9160 per. month; price $4000. Apply
this office, \ .---.-
-_•! P.f\ FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT:
«!M 01/ suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post st. _, .
LADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER
(German): 925 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market room 2.
OOD CORNER CIGAR-srORE; ON" AC-
. count of sickness. Cor sixth and Market sis.
fflO'n SODA FOUNTAIN: GLASS HOLD-
tJp_,O''. ers, etc; $90. Apply 159 Second st
"PARTNER WITH $100 FOR GOOD BUSI-
X ness, by a woman. Address S., box 1, Call.
<_1 QflH SALOON; OPPOSITE CITY HAL.
<JpI OUU. Address S., 435 Thirteenth st
SALOON: LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery. 1431 Pacific st
T?INE CORNER SALOON AND RESTAUR-
JT rant, corner of Fell and £tanyan sts.
OKLL. r-ART INTEREST IN GOOD PAT ING
O concern: 9 to 2, 1949 Market st.
"DESTAUBANT AT HALF ITS VALUE;
XV must be sold. 206 McAllister st.
T A SACRIFICE— FIKST-CLASS DOWN-
town saloon. - Call 29 Sixth st
A LOON- MUST BE SOLD; A BARGAIN. I
Apply 735 Mission st. ■
BAKERY AND NOTION STORE FOR SALE.
909 Bryant st ■ ._
SHOEMAKKR-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP.
O 335 Gough st ____'
G~OOD"dOWNTOWN BUSINESS; $150. 722
Howard st. /.
OME BAKtRY FOR SALE. INQUIRE AT j
Call Office. j
SMALL BAKERY FOR SALE. APPLY CALL
0 Office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOIt SALE. ,
bNl^Y^^»3so
t£>Oo\J. 55-room corner house, only 1801
60- room hotel and bar to exchange... 2000
66 rooms, clearing 9250 ................3500
50-room board ing- bouse 60U0
9 rooms, — — only 225
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments 600
10 rooms, corner, only 1 500
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments 300
MONEY TO LOAN OX ANY HOUSE.
Apply H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
nn ROOMS ON MARKET 5T...... - 9600
_._. 45 rooms, corner, c earing $230. ...:.. .91800
60 houses, 6to 40 rooms, from 950 to $5000
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st. .
1 O-RO' M* HOUSE; $250; WORTH 9700:
1 0 must be sold to-day. Apply A. ALLEN, 933
Mission st. ' . * ' -"'■-',' -'
HOUSE OF 28 LIGHT BUNNY ROOMS;
large yard; must be sold; $550; rent cheap;
water free. 153% Fifth St.
T/LAT OF 7 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS;
JT must sell on account of departure; very cheap;
rent low. 46 Grove.
GOOD - PAYING ROOMING - HOUBKS FOR
sale. C all at The Portsmouth, 41 Eddy St.,
A. M. ELKINS. .
()A ROOMS, WELL FURNISHED; SOUTH OF
—\J Market st. : one-quarter Its value. Address
M., box «0, Call Office. . ■- - ;
<_r---/-k 45 ROOMS; KILL; CHEAPEST AND
tlpt)«jv/. best-paying nouse in the city; easy
terms; come and see it. 115. Second sU ■ -
- LOIKiISU-HOUSES TO LET. •
Q^l^OM^HC^u"sE^^ins^wTß^T^H^AP
OO rent; owner at building 2 to 3 p. — ■
1< 1 1' lilt— toii b_ L.K.
Tuß^^ATrr~ %^~~~^*^*^~^~^~^~^^~~ < "
X 1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets 918 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Steves 7 60
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard .10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. - Till such time we tare conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN. . .
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or gooU
as new; cash or time, open evening*.
Al\(\ C—RPJiTS; CHAMBER BETS. 914:
tUv stoves. $5: parlor sets. 920: folding-bed*.
910: bed- onngeg. 97. T. P. MCCARTHY 113 4th.
CARPET CLEANING.
ONES CO. CARPKT '"'-^cXe^ANINO^ANd"
renovating works. Mam office 95 and 27 Bth.
nARPET CLEANING, Sc.; LAYINO. 3c: RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st
BEAT WESTERN * CARPET-BEATING
\_T works; latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 25:1
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
"» poor worK lend to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tebama st : tel. So. 41).
CONKLIN'SCARPKT SKATING WORKS, iii
Golden Gate aye. 1 telephone east 126. :
piTY STEAM CARPKTCLKANING.RENOVA-
V ting. 88 Bth. bTE.VKNa.mer. TeL feoutb 250.
C^ARPJITa CLKANED AND BKSOVATBO
\J like sew. FERGUSON A CO.. 23 Tenth: t~
Bouth 38. D. MACKINTOSH _co.. successors.
I , K. MITCHELL CARPET CLK AN INU CO.. JtU
•' . 14th st ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CARPET BEATING AND REN-
• ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tot south 223.
_______ _'■ _*HOKSKS. _ - "
o^bTl^bTy^markT^^e^r^old^
sired by Eros 5326: namea Ska el t: first dam
by Imp. Kelpie, thoroughbred; second by Nut-
wood, third by St. Clair: very promising; will be
sold cheap. Inquire at 347 Fremont st, In rear.
T> AROAIN — FOR SALE; FINE .FAMILY
X> team: dark bay horse, 16"/» hands high, 6 years
old; very stylish carryall acid harness; almost
new. E. BROWN at Otis A Co.'s, 318 Montgomery.
IP OR SALE— BLACK GELDING AND BLACK
-F filly; 4 years old each; broken single or double ;
son Eclectic, brother to Anon, 2 a ,i. New York
Stables, 507 Jessie st, near Sixth.
AYMvRE, SOUND AND GENTLE; BIDES
X) and drives: $40. 15 59 Market st
IO HORSE AND EXPRESS WAGON FOR
sale cheap. 1128 Folgom st
APPLE-GRAY CARRIAGE-HORSE OF UN-
U questionable merit: $100. M. A., box 12, Call.
ONK HORSE AND WAGON CHEAP. IN-
qnlre 1619 Powell Bt .
fUST ARKIVKD-20 HORSES; FINE BUSI-
O ness horse and buggy; 985. 610 Van Ness.
T ETBOLD HARNK&S COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, lor less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. Ill) McAllister st, S. F.
*1 en SETS NKW AND BECOND HAND EAR-
XOU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission s;
KCifl SKT NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAB-
%J\J\) ness; all kinds; buggy, waeon, carts, surrey
— rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A(\ HOKSKS tuti BALK; ALSO WAGONS,
"1/ bngeles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade iior-w
Market, 327 Slx.h st ; auction sales every Wednes-
flay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
OK*_,S PASTURED; SKNU tUll cIRCC-
- l«r. Th» Hvrix Ranch. 6Ht) i'n— itv»rclal HI.
M. AbO.Ns A>l> r CAKKIA(ii_.
INE HORSE, NEW HARNESS AND LIGHT
wagon : must be sold. ' 211 Larkln st
L"OR HALE — CARRIAGE, HARNESS AND
T matched team, chestnut I norses; also horses.
buggies, etc. New York Stables, 607 Jetsle st, near
Sixth. . y.
L OR SALK, AT K ASTERN PRICES, FINE
r carriages of every desc Iptloh ; cash, notes or
Installments. ■ CarvlU Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth st., S. F.
lightlT BOILED drivng GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HKINEMAN, 109 Ransom* st.
TVT-W AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
Xi dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rock away
and 2 fine buggies 828 Harrison st . -
_____ . _______________
LUSI.
d> r REWARD- XOStT" LA dV'S^PURSE.S iss
tjpt./ pieces, sliver, coppers, 2-cent : stamp. J.
FIE D, Co-operative Cigar-store, Seventh st, bet
Washington and Broadway, Oakland. . . ■ . ..- ■■, .
_*1 fin K WARD-LOST, EMKRALD AND
•j" 1 IUU diamond bracelet <In neighborhood of
Stockton and Kills sts. Above reward if returned
to 1212 Howard nt.: no questions asked. :-:.—•-
OBT— A passbook with THK HIBBRNIA
vines and Loan Society of . San Francisco in
the name of KATE DONELAN; No. 89 148. The
tinder will please return to bank.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
a^ ,- - - a
QPLENDID 12-HOOMiSoU?E^392 TWENTY -
0 first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence; very low rent fcee ii.
1 7AQ JONES. NEAK BKOADWAY— FOUR '
x I VJO rooms; sun back aud froat; rent 914.
i ) l 7^d TWKNTY-THIRD, BET. YORK AND
-< I (JO Hampshire— House 6 rooms; all modern
Improvements; 916. • ' - ■ .' • ■-■■•.' .
(J];9^ 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW HOUSE 6
_.«.). rooms and bath. 121 Page st
OUSE-A MICE HOUSE AND OTHKRS '
to rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 I
Montgomery st. . . ■.
FURNISHED MOUSES.,
pOMPLETE FURNISHED HOUSE: 6 ROOMS; <
w bath: cheap. 3933 Twenty- fifth, near Church.
COXTAGKS ' 10. Ljfc.T.
i- VJO\i cottage; 3 rooms; yard; not and cold
water: $7. . ■ .. .... ■ . ■.■.. . .
<D»Q CA COTTAGE ROOMS. 18 PROS-
t£)O,fJ\J. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts., near Mission.
<_Q Pvft COTTAGE: FLAT, 910: BOTH
OPO.OyJ. reduced. Owner, 1128 Vallejo St.
pHEAP RKNT; FURNISH KD t> ROOM COT-
\J tage; furniture sold if desired. 2439 Lnrkln st
KENT CHEAP; SUNN i COTTAGES; 4 AND
5 rms: bath. basenient. yard. 15th & Dolores.
FLATS TO LKT.
C_T7* WATifR FRFiE; loveTy^upper
%)IU. modern sunny 5-ioom flat; 100 feet from
Casrocars. 4073 Twenty-third st.: key 4075.
EST FLAT FOR THE MONEY. 2329 FILL-
!-> more st., near Washington.
fflji (* FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
UP —O. post st, near Polk.
1 &M 7 STEINEK, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
1 OvM flat, 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
Qjl L* ALL NKW AND MODERN; 4 ROOMS;
QXU.nice neighborhood: cars. Sac. A Broderick.
OWER FLAT 3 -ROOMS; RENT CHEAP.
1238 Bush st. '
QQ7 Xn SUNNY TOP FLAT 7 ROOMS,
OO ' .O\J. bath: large clusets and cellar; water
free, 314 Leavenworth St., near Ellis. • - -
"UILAT; 8 ROOMS AND- BATH: NEWLY
JC completed; reasonable. Southeast cor. Pag
and Lyon sts.
Ofin COMPLETELY AND HANDSOMELY
«Jp_<UU furnished 7-room flat:rentt3o. 126 Grove
<m-i 7 ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
<Jp J. 4 . 6 rooms, bath. 141 San Jose ave.,nr. 24th.
/"\OMFUUTABL._, FLAT; 4 . ROOMS AND
\J ba:h, cas. 627 Ivy: key at 624 H.ayeg.
C|lQ LOVELY FLAT. 219 ELM AYE.,
»|JIO. near ('olden Gate and Van Ness.
"TvEeiRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
XJ with bath and* all modern improvements.
1633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and Uouen: rent, in-
cluding water, 942 50. •
I>LAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X 1 rent by BALDWIN _. HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery at 
FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
i water free. 529 Ivy aye. •
1/LKUANT NKW FLATS. Si VKNTH ST., BE-
- low Hrvant. 5 and V rooms, bath: $X io $16.
. liOUsEKlilil'l-Mi KOOIIS.
Bryant Street.
r-i -I BRYANT NEAR THIRD — NICE,
iJX X sunny suite; $9 per month. -
Buchanan Street.
n(\C) BUCHANAN-SUNNY CORNER BAY-
i UU_ window; housekeeping complete; first
1 floor; 96. "
_ddr Street.
Q1 — EDDY — HOUBEKEISPINO ROOMS
O 1 ( nicely furnished: splendid location; private
family. .
Eleventh Street.
1 QQ ELEVENTH— SUNNY BOOM,
JLOO kitchen, for housekeeping; $6.
t iftn Mreet.
Ql A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
iJII keeping rooms, bath, private, 99 and $10.
QOC FIFIH— CLEAN FURNISH I'D HOUf* E -
O— keeping rooms: 2. $10; 3. $13: single, $5.
. Mllmoro Street.
QilA 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
' *3)lvJ. family. 2212 FUlmore st., near Clay. .
1 oUom street.
rf)A FOLSOM, BET. FIRST AND SECOND— 4
t)_U nice sunny unfurnished rooms; large yard.
uu«a.i[ > tea.. • ■;.■>>/.-
-' - ■ ""- __^___ * -- * --.'.- 1
prrQ HOWARD— FRONT ROOM FURNISHED
000 for housekeeping; rent 97. • ■
I -/♦I 1 HOWARD— BAY- WINDOW' SUITE,
I Ol 2 kitchen: others: man and wife preferred.
Liit'hln Mree..
AOd LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
_— .€/ sunny housekeeping rooms; also single.
. Leaveuvrortri «,treei.
■I Al f\ LEAVENWORTH ST.— TWO SUNNY
ItIIU rooms for housekeeping: rnnninx water;
$7: also front hail room; $4; other rooms; all
sonny; marine view.
. Mason Mreet.
8 MASON — NICELY FURNISHED SUITES
and single; irom 92 50 up.
iicAli Street.
Q A MCALLISTER — 2 HOUSEKEEPING
•3 1\J rms furnished; call afternoon or evening.
3..iina -iioo.. >'.. '*
t\AR MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
«J_O housekeeping; large yard.
&tiBSlon • . • «*>—
QPQ MISSION— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
-000 plet« for housekpg; private family: cheap..
1 999 MISSION— 2 OR S ROOMS FUR.
J _._._; nished complete for housekeeping; bath;
pas. : ; •
>atoma Street.
C A C NATOMA-SUNNY PARLOR AND BED-
OUt) room; private family; use of kitchen.
Ninth Street.
On NINTH, NEAR MARKET — FRONT
—.17 housekeeping suites; single; stove; gas:
bath; water. -
Perry Street.
ffl»Q 4 FINE UNFURNISHED ROOMS; NEW
O"» bouse: separate entrance rear. 263 Perry.
.be vent n Street.
~\QR SEVENTH-SUNNY FURNISHED
XOO housekeeping rooms; single and en suite;
reasonable. -.:- . .
MxttiStrnet.
A )Q SIXTH ST.— LARGE. SUNNY, NICELY
■.;—>•' furnished front rooms for housekeeping.
Stockton Street.
9flfi STOCKTON, N.K.COR. GEARY, NR. Ell.
_iVY/ porlum— 2 or 3 sunny, unfurnished hskpg.
I bird street-
Ql R THIRD— CLEANEST AND CHEAPEST
OX U housekeeping rooms In city; call. and see
them. ■ /. j '. .
OOA THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
ot)I keeping rooms; water; with good accom-
modation; 96.
Washington Street.
C AO WASHINGTON — SUNNY USPDR.
UW_ Dlnhe.'i keeping rooms running water.
■ . ROOMS TO LKT. "7
i->_iith street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbTS,' 28 BTH
st. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Fair Oak* Street.
OOP FAIR OAKS- NICELY FURNISHED
«)— ,»J sunny room In private boose, with or with-
out board; suitable for two. •_
1 ifth Street.
OQn FIFTH ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
—OV double and single. . . . ,
Fulton Street.
TjiULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL— FUR-
S. nished rooms, a' agio or en suite; 98 and 916 op.
Eddy Street. .
J1 EDDY, COR. MASON (THE ' PORTS-
Tt L mouth)— rooms for gentlemen. 98 to
$20 per month: parlor; piano; central: telephone.
A. M. ELKINS.
AC\A kddy— (the M aklbokough) NEW-
TV/"±ly furnished rooms: suites or single; all
modern conveniences; suitable for doctor or
dentist. ■ ■ ■ •
i-»im strea;.
QQQ ELLIS-SUITE, NICE SUNNY ROOMS
OO*J to one or two persons: no children; refer-
ence required.
np-K RAMONA, 130 KL_IB: MRS. KATB 8.
1 MART, manager— A quiet bouse: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cola water.
QOI ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOft BEST
OAI lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
000 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO). MRS A. J.
»>_,_, CALHOUN, . rirst-class • housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house: 60 rooms.'. ■
"jtiirrf t j cc.,
9*l 71 GEARY, OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
_/X I 2 famished or unfurnished rooms: key 217
Of)] GEAR Y-NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS
O" /JL central; reasonable; > elegant ; new corn r
Mat.' ■ .... : ' ".-..: ...-. ■ / .-■' '
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS:
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary su, SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
' BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
"" , uiuen Gate Av«uue.
(-07 GOLDEN GATE AYE— NICELY FUR-
t)_< I ntshed room In private family. ; .
; Harrison Street.
O£?1 (1 HARRISON - 4 ROOMS; RENT $9;
JO 1 V water and ashes free. ■
V Hawthorne Street, s
0 A HAWTHORN X, ' OFF HOWARD. BET.
01 Third and Fourth— sunny rooms; $1
per week. •, ■ ' ?--..■'■■'''.
. Howard Street.-
tqaqi HOWARD-CALL AND BEB ELE-
J._Ut/» gant furnished rooms; .new flat: rent
cheap.' . ' '-■••-''■■ - . •'■' ' ■ '. j -■:
fi Qti HO ARD — S.UNNY BAY - WIND'IW
000 suits:. running water and gas; quiet; from
$2 50 to $3 per week. " - . -
' Jones Street. , ,
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
XX 4' sunny rooms: private. - ■
<)117 .'»M»- IHU. VAN WINKLK. NKW
_U I inanßtrement; elegant sunny suites and
elngle: newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to S.Htt. .
» ii.niT sstreoi. ' ■ , •.'.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, . 127 'KEARNY —
.\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable. -
\\7 E HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
V\ Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny sU
Lurk in Street. '
•t f\C)A LARKIN— PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
-lU_l ntshed room 97 per month. .
: ■ ■.;..•■ btuxk*-' * >i«tf .. :
VOSEMITF. HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
I night, 36c to $1: week. 91 50 to 95: families. :
JIIIUI-.I -Mretji.
nnrr MINNA, COX. EIGHTH— FUR-
DO I nlshed bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
MIMiW iiree.. • -" . ."
1 HO/1 MISSION - SUNNY FURNISHED
±U_. _ bay-window flat; 2 rtas: bath; by month.
Ninth Street.
OOQ NINTH-NICELY FURNISHED COR-
_*Ot7 ncr bay-window room: also single room.
~~~~~- Oak Street.
HOAX — FURNISHED DOUBLE ROOM;
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
, t>'J:arrell aireoj.
if)" O'FARRELL — NEWLY FURNISHED
tt L O rooms for rent '
••.;•, : lo*t street.
7Ar POST-NICELY FURNISHKD SUNNY
I yjt.) rooms: single and double; reasonable. I
Seventh Street.
-I on SEVENTH — SINGLE FURNISHED
.LOO front room: $1 a week. ...--.■
mxili • S.reet. ' '
1 O*l SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
J _. 1 double and single rooms.
.- uiiit -ireoi.
r l 4 SUTTER— FOit DOCTORS OR DEN-
-0 1 4 tists, elegantly furnished suite cheap.
<jnQ BUTTEK— FJHNISHKD RUUMS OR
OUO suites. 9125 to 910 a week; night, 25c to
$1 50; transient* solicited. . ■ . ..
7rtQ GUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I V/O newly furnish -d tunny rooms; en suite or
single. - :' ...-':
rjiji* SUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
i — . v) ny rooms for gentlemen; private. .
Thirteentri Street.
A-\ Qt THIRTEENTH, NEAR VALENCIA—
4 IC2 sunny front ro»m; gas; board op. ioual. ■
. lurk street.
r^Q SINGLE FRONT ROOM; GAS;
«_)~iO bath: $6; private. . .
i aneous.
IN PRIVATE RESIDENCE. VAN NESS AVK.,
X sunny single rooms, $7: references. Address
VAN NEss, box 75 Call Ofllce. •
IiOAKUINU AM» ROOMS.
7 foTpo'ST— 2 SUNN"y FURNisiTEETFRONT
• 1— < rooms with board; use of parlor, piano;
terms reasonable. . »
\\riDOW WOULD LIKE TWO OR. THREE
• I steady boarders. 403 Sixth St.. bakery.
(_Y)A GEARY — COMFORTABLE SUNNY
t7_*T rooms and bath; with board. Tel. X 958.
OOM AND BOARD 920, AT 1509 DKVISA-
dero st, near Ge<try. ..
pOLUMBIA HOTEL— D. BUCKLKY, FOB-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
baa purchased Hackmefet's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the rraveilng public that bin former
reputation as a host ■■will m outdone In his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Kddy bt. : meals 25c.
THKBTEWABT, CO R. EI.LIS AND LKAVEN-
worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites orslngle.
UTI-.L BKJ;l'Li.\li. "414 i.tSH-A FAMILY
hotel: reference! given and required;, nil uioi-
«r" i i.ri\-PTil«-n'-»»H » .. .
CiIILIJIIrJN BOAKUI2D.
T^797^icALLISrKK-A" RKFriTED^HOME
X i _ I for child: fine care: terms moderate.
STOKES TO LKT.
ISTfTn FI^E~IIIA^T)sT?M^r*^T^RE7XvTtTH
O I \J\J. large, dry basement; 713 Sutler st
ASHTON A GARDINEK, 411 Montgomery st
"I AKOE STORE AND 4 LIVING-ROOMS;
Xj yard and shed. 537 Howard st -
"DUTCHERSHOP FOR RENT; A SPLENDID
Xf locality: fixtures ail complete: low rent. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSKN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
STORK COR. LAFAYETTE, 1624 HOWARD;
with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
cheap rent. ' - r ~ ■
OFFICES TO LKT.
QPRKUKE— _ BUILDING. 927 MAEKKT-
-0 Klegant snnnv offices. 912 50 up; electric-light; '
beating and Iknltor service free. Apply tit building
or C). H. UMBSKN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
'. 3IKDICAL.
A BLESSING -TO LADiES SUFFERINfJ
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never fails; perfectly harmless: tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well:
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
Umes; home in confinement DR. A MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank:
consult tree; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9a._tos p. — ■ and 7to 9 .— ■ •
A LL CASKS v OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
j guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
-1 vale home in confinement: regular graduate
1 phyMrlan: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
i doctor before going elsewhere; you will save tine
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A' NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all case* guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKK. 318 Kearny su
RS. GOODWIN. PISKASES WOMEN SPE-
clalty. unexcelled in restoring Irregularity or
other conditions; home in confinement: best care:
low fees: pills 92. Moved to 904 McAllister st
A LPEAU'S FRENCH~~PILLS-A BOON TO
A ladles troubled with Irregularities; no danger:
isfe and sure; •92 50 press C. O. D.; don't delay
until 100 late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
INSTITUTE 61^ PNKUMATOPATH V FOR
X healing and Instructions: - 2729 1 Jackson at.,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free.'
RS. DR. WKGENKR TAKES LADIKH BE-
tore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Kddy st '
PRECORB FOR ALL FKMALK DISEASES,
O from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
M Its. DR. W V K. 226 Turk st ' __ ":■-.;;..-
Sr An FOR EVERY FAILURE TO CURE;
<jTH)UU eye diseases successfully treated. Ladies
con. free MRS. DR. SCOTT, specialist 216 Powell.
VI RS. M. K. RODGERS. V ATE HOME IN
M confinement; erms reduced. 929 Howard st.
R-. J. A. ACIUBD, MIDWIKK-HO.MK IN
confinement; 25 yr«' experience. 658 Mission.
I' F IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALK DI -EASE
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content 264% «th.
F" RIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRa.
DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth st, Alameda. ■
K. HALL. 14 LLlsu-.ii .sJREKT, NKaH
;.i'enn. ;..■.■". ■■■' »■'■""" «"<1 fhllii—Ti. ■■- -
ATTOIINKYS-AT-I.A.'nr. ■ ,
W'^7~A^A^r^A^rrOßNEY-AT-LAW, 581
VV . Parrott building. Practices m all courts;
charges moderate. ". : ■*• '•'*■■•
"a dvice free— divorce LAWS A SPECt-
A alty; private; no charge unless successful; _1
law salts, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc- at*
tencedt* G. W. HoWE. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
7 E. PHILLIPS— U. 8. AND STATE COURTS;
JJ. damage cases a specialty: moner to loan on
estates; eh urges moderate. \ Offices 508 California.
T Ei-AL BUSINESS TRANSACTED: NOPUB-
XJIIcIty ; advice free, confidential, p. o. box 2132.
RW KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. CHRON-
. icle oldg: advice free; moderate; open evngs.
"W.DAVIDSON.ATTORNKY-Al-LAW,4iO
. California su. rooms 14 and 15: ndvioe free
\ PUYSICIANB.
EMOVBD— DR. C Ci^DoSfNELtT-'TO"'.
Market st : diseases of woman a specialty.
TVON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
U his museum, 1051 ' Market st. ; his 30 years'
1 successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
tee worst cases treated satisfactorily by maU. ■>. : :,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SNAPS ON EASY TERMS™ *
LOTS FO It HOME BUILDERS. .
Location unsurpassed; lots $350 to $400: terms ;
$5 cash: $5 monthly; streets graded, sewered J
and macadamized: water, piped to every lot : take
the Guerroro-st. electric cars (Mission or Valencia .
transfer at 1 4th), ride to Chenery and Castro sts. ,
and see the Cast ro-st. Addition; no lots In this city •
so goqd for the price, either, for Investment* or I
home sit". Agent on the ground daily, and even- I
ings at 3397 Twenty-second st., cor. of Mljslon. .',
.BALDWIN & HAMMOND, V {
' - .'■.••■■■•■'■•■ ■- ~ : 10 Montgomery st. . ,
SAVE YOUR DOLLARS. ~ T~~~~. ~~ I
INVEST THEM SECURELY. I
Golden Gate Park lots, 9th and 10th ayes., H and i
I sts., fronting the Park :. make money easily by I
buying one of these cheap lots; all streets graced *
and macadamized: price 9750 and upward; only ,
(50 cash; balance $10 monthly. - '
BALDWIN A HAMMOND, '
-."'•■•'- -10 Montgomery st (
Ct7nrt EACH. -
«3) I \J\J - ' f5O CASH. .
- flO MONTHLY.
Cheapest lots in Richmond; 11th and 12th ayes., i
between Lake and California sts.; fine level lots, ,
25x120 each: streets traded, sewered and macad- 1
amized; new the Californla-sU cars and Sutro -
electric road; only a very few left. '•;
' BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
."•'.. . 10 Montgomery st. *
C. BE Mis. ■•-... ~~~ T~ ~ !
. BKAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT, -
824 MONTGOMERY ST. ■
. ' FOR SALE. 1
' 2600— E. side •of . stanyan st, bet. Carl . and '
Frederick; 25x100 feet. ■ , :
$450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x100 feeu
" 96700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook- -
Ing the Presidio and bay. ,
6000— 2 modern : houses •of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :6 feet; electric road passes houses; I
make offer. *< . »
- 92500— 2-story {'-roomed house on Harrison st, !
bet First ana Fremont - - - ,
■ 8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
9300— Choice building lots north of Dark.
N OPPORTUNITY' FOR INVESTORS: $250
cash, balance about same as rent; we will sell
a lovely cottage of five or tax rooms for actual
amount of mortgage. ,■ • . ,
'. qf(i(\(\ CASH, $2000 IN PAYMENTS, BUYS ,
«*pUUv/ lovely (i-room modern cottage; block
from ll night st.
fit 1 OHO CASH, 9850 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
<<JDJ-V/yy 2 flats and rear cottage, near Hyde st.
<Bl3fi^n BUYS TWO LOVELY NEW FLATS
tjpOKJUKJ near Seventeenth st. ; rented, $30.
(SJ/I7AA BUYS 3 NEARLY NEW FLATS
tipT: I \J*r on a carline only few blocks from
City Hall; rented, $47. •_. ■
<2» I I Odd COR - : 6 FLATS (NEW) ON CAR
11. UUU line- rented, $116. - -- -- -
CXI a t\f\(\ PROPERTY WITH 2 FRONTS,
<DJLO.OUU within block of Baldwin: rent 9105.
Other good bargains.
A. M. SPECK <fe CO.. 602 Market st ;
\f ISSION COTTAGES. .- ~~~ ■ ~
In the warm belt rear terminus of Howard-st.
cars tit 24th «t. and Potrero aye.: all street work
finished; terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
$21.00— Five-room cottage.
91 800— Four-room cottaze.
$1650— Four-room cottage.
TTO! FOR FirCHBURG! '"-',
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEANDKO AND
I HAVWARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUirVAfcE IS THK PLACK. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON THE
PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
- ■ FOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO . i
FITCHBURG STATION IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains singed
by the j-'iichburg scorcher. Hny wards Electric
'cars from Oakland every few minutes. ; I
' If you are tired of life and wan', to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, De-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in Fitch-
burg.
Fitchbunr Is the most promising auturbon the
dlrec: line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements In tne vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast sailing vessels on
Oakland Harbor, and the excellent county roads
leadinc to It, are Incontestible proofs. It is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen
groves.
NOW. IS THE TIME TO BUY.
For a home while cheap; for speculation on a ris-
ing market; for a turn be first for investment now.
and hold on. No cit taxes to pay: no street im-
provements to make. Water supply from three
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought for in many of thetOue-street tracts
off In an inaccessible hay tic <1.
Lots 25 and 60 feet fro it by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street. | Double frontage. Terms: 10 per
cent cash: deferred payments in easy installments;
title perfect . : .
W. F. McCLURE, 39 Montgomery st, S. F.
THAD. S. FITcH, Fltchburg.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSK BUILT
O at from $160 to $275 a room; call and see
an*. JAMES McCONAHEY. 1149 .Mission st
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJS j
-rt. WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
JlU.Mii Lyj LOAN.
NY AMOUNT ON " BONDS, DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruii ems; Interest low; private en ranee:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
A Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st. : open evenings.
<_ 1 f\(\ i\(\(\ TO LOAN. CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
SfcIUU.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in 1 robate, small oriarpesums.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE <fc CO., 218-220
Montgomery st
ONI-.Y LYING JULE: TAKE AT $5 INTKK-
eat per month for each 81000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
MONEY LOAN is. D ON J_W_LKV ASO
111 other valuables at the Security Loan Offic*
110BMarketst..nr. Mason: private rntranca 7 lure
I \IRECT ON YOUR FUKNITURK OK PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68,' Donohae bldg, 1170 Market su
' A NY AMOUNT: IST, 21> or 3D MORTUAUW:
A estates, undivided interests, real estate in uro-
b»t*. McCUUtAN. 24 Mont coin erv. room 3.
bT<£2l> MOKT-JAUKS; INTERK.-T.s IN X*
.lowest raten:no deInr.MURPIIY,62SMrk*.
\ DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWKI.KV. KTO*
'• '-FA WNBItOKKKS.
T 126 KEARNY" ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
_». loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates; !
private rooms: elevator: pledges for gale cheap.-
money WANTED.
*So7wh'hVa^^p^r~cen^
iJIIU.UUI' ness income proper near the
Baldwin Hotel. H. C. DKI'KER. 10.0 Markets
BIIiSiCAL TjNSj'l'itti >U.:i AS. *-
©■in' FINE'iUPRIGHT; • GOOD/ TONE;
IZ.O. perfect order. 115 Seventh st, :
E HAVE A NUMBER OF GOOD PIANOS
V » and organs or makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
instrument have * been . called ■ in . from ' agents
throughout the coast. in ' whose hands they have
remained for some time witnout being sold. -Call
early and secure a bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
A CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter sts., Stelnway rep-
resentative* ' ' ■ ' . ..•:.'
/^LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINK OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. 91 39: mandolins, $3 35: guitars. 93;
antoharps, 91: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J.HARRY bCOTT,
Market St.. Spreckels building. -- ■ . •;
S OUR. NEW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for 93 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. '- SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., Stelnway representatives. '•''■
N OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED;! AN
excellent upright piano, fine action and tone;
guaranteed 5 years: '9125; delay and you Use it.
Room IS. Flood building. ■■-•■ • " • •
_■ IAH *' OK A GOOD UPRIGHT; 9125 FOX A
tJpIUU large Newhsll up: 9175. for flue new
piano*: call at once if you want bargains. MAG-
VAIS, 7t>9 Market st • - '!_?'- ""'■' ''•'• " *
WILLIAM G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
the celebrated Hailet A Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. " ■■".-:
lAN>B— DO YOU WANT ONK? FIN KMT
X stock on the Pacific coast. '■ THE F. W. SPUN-
CKR CO., 933 Market st. . ?
! TIEFOR- BUYING SEE HAINK BROS.', BUSH
JD _ Gerts and ' Knabe pianos; ' at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st
r^HICKKRINU.KNABK. BTKCK. VOSB, 3TKR-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano lor 9187: pianos
Tor rent BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 o'Farreii.
ADEREWSKI UPBIGHT.LKIUT CASf ,$250
X Hariman <& sons'. 9250, BRUENN'S. 228 Post.
1,-iINK .MUSICAL INSTRUMENT ' (DULCI-
X' mer), 910 : very cheap. tOB Shot well st
<ii:iif\ EMKRSoN: GOOD A- NEW; SOLD. ON
«!rOU» $5 installments. ■ 221 Leavenworth st.
Of! OXBAROAIN;FINE UPRIGHT SCHMITZ
O-i-00. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernlu Bank.
YKON MAtZV, HOST SOHMKK
Newby A Kvan^. > rices and other pianos.
OUPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLUdtNKW
O H. MXJI.LEK. maker, repairer, - lj.tharr >plac*
.'STOBAaK.
S'"'"T6^X^E^UE^PEaTiN"THK^GrrTrFIcR&
proof building; advances made., 211 Larkln. .
UKNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS: AD-
J? ▼ances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4PosU
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; proof building; Eastern plan.
_ COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
RANCH TO LEASE CHEAP. APPLY H. E.
LV POEHL.MAN, 415 Montgomery su, room 7. .
2ESUTO.LAND DEPARTMENT OF BOVEE,
3 TOY & SONNTAG, 19 Montgomery St., for
naps and fall information of McMahan Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; unequaled In Call-
ornia.
DAN MAT EO— LOT766jriBOTADDRESS H. P.,
O 607 Capp st. .;•
~ ACRES OR MORE IN. ROSS VALLEY: 111-
-u proved: beautiful homo; bouse of 10 rooms
vlth all the modern Improvements: near station:
tbundance of running water the year round: fine
shade and fruit trees: well adapted for hotel or
resort. Apply 10 JAMES TUNSTKAD, San
Rafael. Cal. • -.• ;
qtQ9Fi< I FOR SALE, ON INSTALLMENTS.
'.?«-'— tl>'. new modern house in San Rafael: 8 I
■ooms and bath; large lot: best location: street ■
iccepted: stone sidewalk; also choice lots for sale I
)r exchange for city property. iLWILKINSor
I. TUNSTKAD, San Rafael, Cal. . ■
MARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES I
from city; lo a any size; fruit, grain, vegeta- ■
Me land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per ■
acre: terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com- ■
pany, 65 Chronicle building. , -* . - ■
A LA ME DA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIO- I
•tt. est in the State; sell In,- In tracts, 5 acres up- I
ward. $35 per acre: adjoining lands held a: $100 ■
per acre : owner forced to sell; IVi hours frm S. F. ; ■
»asy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building. ' ■
TITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOW. \, IM-"
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
an and 30 years' credit. -D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City, every Monday at 632 Market s>, S. F.
QKNI>FOKUUft LIST OF ORCHARD Hu.ttES
0 i or sale. WOUSTKR A WHITTON. San Jo.i».
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
L'nlted States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
tee free. ■ ■ - • -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Js. MYERS, 1002 BROADWAY, OAKLAND
• $8000, 214 acres in Fruiivale; near local sta-
tion and electric cars; front* on 2 of the finest
residence streets; can be subdivided to good ad-
vantage; 4 nouses on the property, all rented;
mortgage at the bank $6000; will exchange for
clear property. . .
Piice* 1400— Cash value at least $2000: owned
by the bank; taken on mortgage: nice modern s-
room cottaze; barn; lot 140 feet deep running
through to alley; convenient to local station and
electric cars: terms, $200 to $SOO cash. ■ -
10 lots, $1000, in Furhburg, Oakland suburb, at
local station and electric car*. - .-•-■■
$2700— Alortgag R2600; anew bouse; 8 rooms;
bain: on Veraon Heights; convenient to cars;
sightly: large lot; city conveniences; Al neigh-
borhood: see it: first come, first served. J. 8.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
fIQCn LOVKLY COTTAGE HOME;
(jpIOOU, largo lot; good location; cars pass
door: reduced from $2750: must sell: $1000 can
remain. ,F. C. WATSON. 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
<5»f7C LOTS AND UPWARD— AI,LENI)AI,K
«ST I O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a. home; streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
011; a tine school with li elect Ie roads near by;
t°rms $5 to $10 (town, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
Ninth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. 11. Z.
JONES, owner:
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET,
TO LET— DESIRABLE FU RNISHED HOME;
all modern Improvements; Linda Vista Ter-
race, Oakland. Apply 562 Eighth St., Oakland:
46 Sevtnson St., San Francisco. ■ - ■ ■ . .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET,
ALAMEDA BKAt ESTATE.
7-ROOM^H^uSkT^COT-
♦„•'•—*-'"• tage, 6 rooms, rargelot: former price
$1500; must be sold. T. F. BAIBD, 1303 Park
8.., Alameda. ' - • •
FOR SALE- '■ "
I. House 8 rooms and bath. Central aye. : hou«a 4
rooms, i rand st.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
ou long tune and easy terms, or will exchange tor
ban Francisco property. Apply ' . •
X ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 .Market St.,
, San Francisco, Cat
ANTED TO PURCHASE AN 8-i-OOM
*• modern house: good-sized lot. Particulars J.,
box 49, this office; • '.■,,*.. . . . ■ .
C-['A/||l BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
<pUvUU. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms: Central aye.,
one dock west of Park st.; 11 will surely please
yon: investigate: terms to suit. G. U. M. oka V,
463 Ninth si- Oakland. - . ,-
lik.li.i*.i^L.iui: i;i.AL hsXAXii. .
OOL»" HOMES FOR -RENT OR FOR SALK
on easy terms. O. U. MAY «fc CO.. real eslatt
and building, 2123 Center si.. Berkeley.
OSKI' J. mason, XX . L ksyatk AND
insurance cicei^t. hrrkeley statn, adjoining 'iank
IUJUKELEV KOO3IS AND BOARDING.
FEW STUDENTS CAN SECURE ROOMsi
with board, In private family near university;
new house; modern; furnace, etc.; terms moder-
ate; by applying immediately at 2329 Bancroft
war, near Chapel st. ' -
I»KOPIiKT\ TO IiXUUA.VGJi.
pfn n^-OTS^-FfIOJI *so'tcT s2o?6o6.^
O\f\J 20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0.. 510,000
50 ranches, all ssze*, from $100 to 30,000
20 houses. Oakland a d Alameda, $1000 to 8.000
25 lodging-bouses and hotels, from $200 to 3,000
WHATHAV:. YOU TO OFFER?
I SELL AND EXCHANGE 1 -^— i
All kinds of property. '■
H. C. DKCKER. 102J Market St., opposite Fifth.
O STOKr-S, 7 - ROOM FLAT, NEW AND
(clear) in city; "exchange for mortgaged prop-
erty. H. C. DECK KR, 1020 Market.
ffl»~X (\(\ 1000 ACKES UOOD LAND; WILL
tfpO '\J\I, exchange for good livery stable or
other paying business. GEO. SWAN, 720 Natoma.
1?OR EXCHANGE FOB CITY INCOME PROP-
erty. 60 acres near San Jose, Cal.: ~/g orchard
in bearing, M bare land: cash value $21,000. - Ad-
dre»s 14 L. 8., box 11, Call Office. .
lOQm ACRES TIM BUR LAND, KERN CO.;
J <L,Qyf irmir; tine for cat- ■■-»-■:« N..bx.l6.Cali
PROPOSALS. ~~ "
R^PO^ATiTFO^^HiTENING AND TlNT-
ing schoolhoasvii — Seated' proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
in open session of the Board of Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July
23, 1896, at 8:30 o'clock p. M.. for wh.l ening and
tinting the classrooms and halls of. the fol owing-
named school buildings in the city and county of
San Francisco: Broadway, Buena Vista, Cleve-
land, Clement, Cooper, Columbia, Crocker, Den-
-1 man, Edison, Emerson, Everett, Fairmount,
Franklin, Fremont, Gariield, Girls' High, Golden
Gate, Haight, Hamilton, Hawthorne, Hearst,
Henry Durant. Horace Mann, Humboldt. Irving,
John Sweti, Jefferson, Lafayette, Le Conte, La-
gnna Honda, Lincoln, Longfellow, Lowell High,
Madison. Marshall, Mission, Monroe, Moulder,
Ocean House, Pacific Avenue, Pacific Heights,
Peabody, Polytechnic. Redding, - Richmond, Rin-
con, Sherman, South Cosmopolitan, Sheridan,
South San Francisco, Spring Valley, Stanford,
Starr King, Sutro, Washington, Webster.' West
End, -Whlttler and Winfield Scott schools; all
work to be done In accordance wi.h specifications
on file at the storeroom of the School Department,
corner Pine an i Larktn . sts. Each bidder will be
required to submit a separate estimate on each of
the above-named buildings. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids as the public
good may require. ' ,'
GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary. ;
PROPOSALS FOR A STONE BULKHEAD—
Pealed proposals will be received by the Super-
intendent of Common Schools in open session- of
the Board of Education, new City Hall, San Fran-
cisco, on Wednesday, Ju >■ 22, 1896, at 8:30
o'clock p. M.. for constructing a stone bulkhead at
the Lafayette Primary School, in the City and
County of Still . Francisco, in accordance with the
specifications (and the > conditions mentioned
therein) at the office of Charles I. Havens, archi-
tect of the board, room 55, FUod building, corner
Fourth and ' Market strees. The board reserves
the right to ■ reject any or all bids as the public
good may require. ' ■ ■ • . . . ■■>>
(; PROF. A NSTON, Secretary.
LEGAL -IfOTlCiiS.
T^OTICE^TOCR E DITO H S— EiTATEoTMARt
-L'l GARET DOYLE, deceased.— Notice is hereby
given by the undersigned.' administrator of the
estate of Margaret ■. Doyle, deceased, to the credit-
ors of, and ail persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the necessary
vouchers, within four months after tne flrn pub-
lication of this notice, to the said administrator, at
the law office of Bo; d & Fifield, 324 Pine street,
the same b'ing his place for the transaction of the
business of said estate In the - City and County .o1
San Francisco, State of California. ■ >. - *.'• .• .
STEP. ENFLKTCHKR, administrator of the
estateof MARGARET DO V LX, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, July 1. 1*96. -
BOYD & FIFIELD, Attorneys for Administra-
tor. .■: M - .••-:■ •?.-■•■■-■ . --■■:-■; ■ -, ;■ ;-. ■■ -■ •
pUSTOM-HOUeE. ■: BAN FK ANCI3CO, CAL.,
\J June. 1896— Notice. ■ Certain goods remaining
one year In bonded warehouse will be sold at pub-
lic auction at the United States Appraiser's Store
on the 2i!cl of July, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m. '. De-
scriptive catalogues can be had at the Custom-
house on July 18, 1896, or at time and place
■ale. . -- -■•'■-. ;-• . ■■•••■ ■ ■. '.■•.:-. -. i ; .
.-.-•- : JOHN H. WISE, Collector of Customs.
TUt) UlVOKtt. KCCOBU.
Complaints filed:
"' R. W. Green against Klla V. Green. - ? •"' ;
Kate Hubbard against George H. Hubbard.
Frank L. Wratten against Minnie E. rattan.
Lizzie S. Beals against Edward C. Heals.
Frances Toledo against M. Toledo.
Alfred R. SberlS against Harriet A. Sheriff.
Divorces granted: ':.'" k ', \~ '"
\ Dora Schiller from • Charles ' : F. Bchlller, for ex-
treme -cruelty,- by Judge ■ Hebbard. Custody of
minor children awarded plaintiff. « •
Alice M.:Machomlcb- from James H. Macho-
mich, for desertion, by Judge Hebbard. ; - •
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. " r . * BORN. :
ANT— In this city, July 14, 1896, to the wife
of J. F. Bryant, a son.
JASTLKN-m this city, July 10, 1896, to the
wife of E. B. Caatlen, a daughter. |
IOLZKAMP— In this city. July i 12, 1896, to the
wife of Charles C. Holzkamp, a son.
lULTIN— In this City, July 10, 1896, to the wife
of P. G. Hnltin, a daughter.
iENSTURM-In this city, July .9. 1893. to the
wife of E. G. Lensturm, a daughter.
lILLER— In this city, July JO, 1896, 10 me wife
of Charles Miller, a daughter. ■
FILLER— In Oakland, July 14, 1896, to the wife
of W. _. Miller, a son.
STONE— In this city, Joly 14.-1896, to the wife of
F. Stone, a son.'
VIKSK— In this city. July 12, 1896, to the wife of
Theodore Wlese. a son. ' " "■■;
MAKKIEO.
rANAK— OWENS— In Cottonwood, June 17,
1896, by the Rev. Mr. Dexter. Frank Janak and
Mary J. Owens,' both ot Cottonwood, Shasta
County, Cal.
iIKRTES- SYLVESTER— In this city, June 27,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. J. Uemphill, George W.
M cries and EUarosa 'SI. Sylvester.
RICHARDSON— PALMER— In New York City,
June 23, 1896, Arthur K. Richardson of San
Francisco and Marie S. Palmer of New. York.
STOOP— GRIMMER— In this city. June 23, 1896,
at Trinity Episcopal Church, by the Rev.
George Edward Walk, Frank G. Stoop of Wood-
stock, N. is., and Jennie A. Grimmer of St.
Stephen, N. B.
SHIELDS— TINDALL— In Uklah, July 12, 1896,
at 81. John's M. E. Church, by the Rev. J. W.
Bryant. J. W. Shields and Nettle Tlndall. -,
OIJBI>.
Andrade. Jesus ■ Holt, Nellie B.
Branch, Frank Hoopes, Lucy A.
Brown. Mrs. Margaret Keefsr, Mrs. E.stner M.
Cawley, John Henry Lewis, William
Christopher, C. Leydecker, Irvin A.
Clement, Mrs. ' Levingston, Je&nnette' \
Costello, Elizabeth L Lnbner, Mary K.
l'.dmonds, Hannah M. Mack, William S.
Garcelon, Harvey Miller. W. E.
Glatz, Mary Kllen O'Neill, Dr. P. J.
Grace. Patrick Pratt. Mrs. Mary E. F.
Grlnnell. Harry Inglis Sheridan, John
Haley, Dennis J. ■ Tru ben bach, H. E.
Welch, John
ANDRADE— In this city, July 13, ■ 1896. Jesus
. Andrade, a native of Mexico, aged 50 years.
BRANCH-In Bakersfleld, Cal., Jnly 11, 1896,
Frank Branch, beloved son of Mrs. M. Grant,
and brother 01 George H., Oscar and Alfred
Branch, a native of Lacrosse, Wis., aged 29 yean
6 months and 23 days.
BROWN In this city. July 13, 1896, Mrs. Mar-
. garet Brown, beloved wife of Archibald Brown,
' and mother of Charles S., Frank. George C. and
the late William G. Brown and Mrs. T. P. Mac-
kenzie, a native of Scotland, aged 67 years.
[San Diego papers please copy.J »'
m" Friends and acquaintance! art - rojgwe-
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from her lata
residence, 4 Octavia street. Interment 1. O. O. F.
. . Cemetery. ■. ■ ' ,
CAWLEY— In this city, July 14, 1896, John
Henry, Infant non of Henry and Margaret Caw-
ley. and grandson of John and Ann Loftns,
a native ot Sap Francisco, aged 2 months and 11
' days. - ■ •
*s**Frlends ana acquaintances are rMoes'.-
fpJSjr invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. _ from the resi-
dence of his grandparents, 363 Eleventh
- street Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHRISTOPHER— In this city. July 11. 1896. C.
Christopher, a native of England, aged 60 years.
CLEMETNT— In Oakland, July 13, 1893. Mrs.
Clement, a native of Scotland, aged 61 years »
months and 26 days. ' • •■ -
COSTELLO— In this city, July 14. 1896, Elizabeth
Irene, beloved daughter of Michael and I Kllen
' Cos eilo. a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
2 months and 15 days. ' - ,
EDMONDS— In this city. July 12, 1898, Hannah
M.. Edmonds, widow of the late William Ed- -
munds, and loving mother of Mrs. Clementine
K. Taylor. r a native :of Norwich, Chenango
. County, New York, aged 78 years 9 months and
4 dsys ■ •
' £_*~Frt<»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.;
at her late residence, 1129 Broadway. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery. .
GARCELON— In Alameda; July 13. 1893. Harvey,
beloved husband of Sarah R. Garcelon. and
father of H. F. Garcelon, and grand father of
Walter and Edith Garcelon. a native of Lewis-
ton, Me, asfel 73 year*.
jJS-Friend* and acquaintances are renDesv
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock P. —
' from his late residence, 1553 Railroad avenue,
Alnrneila. Interment private at Mountain View
Ceraeterr. [Boston aud Lewiston (Me.) papers
piease copy.j
GLATZ— In this city, July 14, 1896, Mary Ellen,
beloved wife of L. Oscar (.latz, a native of
Marysville. Cal., ased 31 year). [Sacramento
and Marysville papers please copy.J
GRACE— In this city, July 9. 1896. Patrick Grace,
a native of New York, aged 41 years. . •■•-
GRIN NELL— Drowned at Torres, -Mexico, July
11,1493, Harry Ini;: is, sou of, Henry Franklin
' »nd Jennie Agms (irinnell. a native of Saa
Francisco, aged 20 years 2 months and 8 days.
HALEY— In this city, July 13, 1533. Dennis J.
lialey. a native of Massachusetts, aged 61 years.
Friend* ana . acquaintance- are rMiHi.-
fnlly Invited 10 attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
stmet. . :.-....•
HOLT— this city, July 13. 1898, Nellie 8., be-
loved wife of F. S. Bolt, and daughter of Ann K.
' and the late David M. Reavls. a native of Chlco,
Butte County, Cal., aged 29 years 4 months and
4 <iavs.
Jlfi^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attenJ the funeral THIS DAY
: (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. M., from th«
family residence, 744 Castro street. Interment
. Cypress Lawn Cemetery. : '
HOOPES— In this cty, July 14. 1896. Lucy A., be-
loved wife of Thomas C. Hoopes, a native of
. Massachusetts. aze<l 63 years. * .
KEEFER— In Oakland. July 13. 1898. Mrs.Esther
M. Keefer, a native of Massillon, Ohio, aged 77
■ years 1 month and 5 days.
LEWI*— In this city. July 14, 1896, William
] Lewis, a native of Germany, aged 68 years.
LEYDECKER— In Alameda, July 13, 1896. Irvin
Anton, beloved son of T. W. and Wllhelmtne
Leydecker, a native of Alameda, aged 6 years 7
months and lOdavs. ■
I oar Friends and acquaintances are rfsuect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock
a. m.. at the German Evangelical Lutheran
Kmanuel - Church, - Lafayette street, between -
Central and Santa Clara avenues, Alameda.
Interment private, L O. O. F. .Cemetery, San
Francisco.
LEVINGSTON— In this city, July 14, 1896,
Jeannette Levingston, mother of Dr. Marc Lev-
ingston, Mrs. D. L. Mavers, . Belle, Rose, Esther.
Miriam and Helen livings' on. aged 67 years.
O-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock A. m., from her lata
residence. 1301 Octavla street Interment Hills
of . Eternity Cemetery by train, leaving Third
aLd "lownsena streets at ll;30 a, _. Please
omit flowers. .
LUBNER— In this city, July 14,1898, Mary E.,
■ beloved wife of Frank Lnbner,' and mother of
Annie Susan ? Lubnsr, and daughter of - Mrs.
' Busan Hayes, and sister of Patrick and Samuel
. Hayes, a native of ban Francisco, aged 34 years.
MACK— In the City and County Hospital, July
14, 1896. William S. Mack, aged 32 years.
MILLER— In Pacific Grove, July 11, 1896, W. E.,
husband of the late Augusta May Miller, a na-
tive of Maryland, aged 70 years 7 months and 1
day. [Auburn (Cal.) and Baltimore (Md.)
papers please copy.l
3GB" Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
services THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock
p. _.. at his late residence. 1277 Webster street,
Oakland. Interment private.
O'NEILL— Dr. P. J. O'Neill, a native of County
Roseommon, Ireland, aged 37 years. '
A3*~Friendj - an<i acquaintance* are reso9C*-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from
the Knights of the Red Branch Hall, corner of
Mason and O'Farrell • streets.' thence to St.
PatricK's Church. Mission street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for there-
' pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
K. K. B. RlFLEs—Attentlon! The members Of
; . the company will assemble at K. R. B. Hall TO-
■ MORROW (Thursday), at 8 o'clock a. _ for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our lata
comrade, P. J. O'Nell, M. D. By order of .*
; J. SHEEBY, Capt Commanding.
A. O. H- DIVISION NO. 2— Officers and members
of this division are hereby notified to assemble
at Hibernian Hail,' 120 Ninth street, Thursday,
at 8 a. m., thence proceed to K. R. B. Hall, to
pay the lust sad tribute of respect, to our de-
ceased brother. Dr. P. J. O'Neill. Fines for non-
attendance will be strictly enforced.
. . BART LEY LEE, President.
Johx Kenny, Bee. Sec. ■ • /
PRATT— In Oakland. July 11, 1898, Mrs. Mary
Ella > ro*s Pratt, daughter of Mrs. Mary C. Da!-
zlel, and sister of Mrs. Carrie Fross Bnyder,
a native of Jamestown, N. : If.,' aged 34 years aud
5 months.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clation — Tne regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association,' and for the deceased * parents and
relatives of the members, will, be celebrated io
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner streets.
THURSDAY, July 18, 1896. at 9 o'clock a. _.
. Friends are invited to attend.
SHERIDAN— In this city, July . 14, 3896. John
I Sheridan, beloved son of Edward .Sheridan, and
; nephew of Bridget Sheridan, a native of Shasta
County, Cal-, aged 37 years. •
4_r Friends and acquaintances and members
Of Marine Fireman's Union are invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 1 P. _
from the parlors ot McGinn Bros., • 31 Eddy
street. /.- • , : . ■
TRUBENBACH— In this cltr, July 14, 1898, H.
E., beloved husband of Charlotte Trubenbach,
a native or Germany. - • ■■ . ,r - ,
: jfcj-Notice of funeral hereafter.
WELCH— In this city, July 11. 1896, John Welch,
a native of Ireland, aged 6 ■« years.
I WICAVOY <_ CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRKCTORS _ EMBALMKRS,
SO fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
* " Telephone 8080. ■ :*
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; In no sense ex-
clusive; location • unexcelled. ■'. Office 987 ' Market
street, southeast corner of Sixth.
1516
CARLOS EZETA AT
A PISTOL'S MOUTH
The Ex-President Stands
Face to Face With
Death.
ASSAILED AT LUNCHEON
Pedro Jimenez Calls the General
Names and Threatens
His Life.
A STORMY STUDY IN WORDS.
Political Enmity Is Said to Be the
Sentiment Which Impelled the
Attack.
"Bandido! Le vengo a matar!"
This startling salutation which trans
lated from the liquid Castilian into ordi
nary, every-day English means, "You vil
lain, I have come to kill you," greeted
Don Carlos Ezeta as he was about to com
mence a well-planned at tact upon a tooth
some fowl which lay in state yesterday at
lunch time in the dining-room of the
Hotel Marechal Niel.
About a dozen of the guests were seated
at luncheon at the various tables, the gen
eral occupying a seat at the second table
to the neht of the door. ■ The dainty, win
sorce serving-maids were hurrying to and
fro with viands for the guests, while Mrs.
Schneider, the proprietress, was seated at
an unoccupied table conversing with a
lady friend.
Suddenly the peaceful scene of gastro
nomic happiness was rudely interrupted
Dy the precipitate entry of Pedro Jimenez,
a guest who has been domiciled at the
hotel for the past fortnight. His appear
ance was wildly suggestive of impending
trouble. With unsteady gait, his counte
nance of ashy paleness, the young man
strode to the ex-President's chair and, it
is said, attempted to spit in his Excellen
cy's face.
"Camilla!" ejaculated the doughty gen
eral, his handsome face crimsoning at the
unpardonable, though abortive, insult.
"Villain!" responded Jimenez, in a tone
worthy of Darreli Viuton, "I have come
here to Kill you! To kili you! !"
And then a brand-new pistol glittered in
the noonday radiance that filtered through
the lace-curtained windows. Jimenez, it
would appear, knows about as much of
killing as ne does of English, for in place
of finishing the object of his threats he
commenced a series of diatribes, punc
tuated by sundry wavings of the pistol,
whicn for all practical purposes might have
been a baby's rattle.
The general, however, was not intimi
dated. He had, it is true, dodged
Jimenez's tribute of saliva, but the man
who had ruled a nation would not, could
not, cringe before a cheap new pistoL
Seizing a chair bis Excellency made for his
assailant.
il Put ap that pistol!" the general
shouted, as though once more upon the
tield of battle.
Jimenez hesitated and turned even a
shade paler.
"1 have ordered you to put up your
pistol," persisted the ex-ruler, drawing
himbelf up to his full height, a gleam of
commanding majesty darting from his
brilliant, liquid eyes.
Before that gleam Jimenez wilted, cowed
and sui.dued, and put tne revolver into his
hip pocket.
"Now, sir," pursued the general, survey
ing the trembling youth with a glance of
double distilled contempt, and casting
aside the chair which he had until then
retained in his grasp, "will you be so kind
as to let me know why you have sought to
assassinate me here as* one would kill a
rat in a trap? Were you afraid to meet me
as a gentleman would have done? I am
waiting for your answer."
Jimenez, completely subjugated before
the towering rage of his former ruler, be
came hysterical. A wild torrent of furioui
invective burst from his lips, as in the
most flowery and profane Spanish ne
berated the former chief magistrate of his
native land.
"Viilain !" he repeated, "you have had
me draiiei into tue army as a simple
private and commanded me to be exposed
to the barbaric insults of your brutal
soldiery — why should I not wipe you from
the face of tue eartn ?"
Meanwhile, as long as the pistol was in
evidence, all in the dining-room seemed
to be frozen with terror. Tiie maids near
the door had fled into the passageway
with all the speed of shots from a Gatling
gun, but all the rest of the company re
mained glued to their places, so lo speak,
transfixed with fear.
But when the pistol disappeared valor
resumed its sway within the masculine
breasts whose owners dotted the dining
room. Jimenez was overpowered and
pinioned, a dozen manly arms enfolding
him in no friendiy embrace. Officer H. S.
Krause was summoned and forthwith con
veyed Jimenez, still vociferating, cursing
and gesticulating, to the City Prioon,
where, strange to say, the comparatively
insignificant charee of carrying a con
MEW TO-DAT.
($%
Fred Brown's Jamaica
J^ Ginger stands to-day as
Ginger stands to-day as
-/^ it did 75 years ago, the
standard : . preparation . of
c pure Jamaica Ginger — arem- gl\
j medial agent of the highest re- %
3 liability. So great has been %
= its success that hundreds of s
= imitations are made to-day =
= and foisted upon the public as i
=. "Brown's Ginger." These =
= should be strenuously avoid- =
= cd. A simple means of get- ==
S ting the genuine is to ask for g
, § FRED Brown's Jamaica §[ ',
\S^ Ginger, and see that the IgJ
VK red label is on the wrap- .§«
u^. per with this trade- g|y -
y^ mark. 4§V "
C^S||> FEED BROWS CO., N^^^*
Pedro Jimenez in the Act of Threatening the Life of Ex* President Carlos Ezeta of Salvador.
cealed weapon wa« entered against him.
He deposited $.")0 cash bail and straight
way walked out of prison a free man.
But the ex-Presidential majesty was
not to be so cheaply outraged. When
General Ezeta found that his threatener
had Deen released on bail he proceeded
forthwith to the City Hall in company
with Mrs. Schneider and another lady.
When the ex-ruler and bis fair escort had
arrived thither he swore to a complaint
charging Jimenez with assault with a
deadly weapon.
"I understand this thing," remarked
the general, after his return from the City
Hall. "There are those here who are
hand and glove with my bitterest enemies
and would like to see me undone. Thiß
poor fellow, whose name they say is
Jiminez, can have no personal quarrel
with me. He seems a decent enough sort
of fellow and must have been used as a
catspaw by some one else who is afraid to
show his hand. For the present I must
positively decline to mention any names,
as no good end could be gained' thereby.
I have nc means of ascertaining whether
Mr. Calderon, the present Consul of Sal
vador in this City, can cast any light upon
the matter or not. All I can say is that
this seems a rather warm welcome for a
gentleman who desires to remain in the
•City for a while as a private visitor."
Jimenez was rearrested and charged
with assault with a deadly weapon. He
promptly secured bondsmen, and was, for
the second time in one day, set free. He
spent the early part of the evening at
dinner with Dr. Calderon, tne Consul of
Salvador, who is called one of Ezeta's
most bitter enemies, after which lie re
tired from view for the n-ght. Pedro
Jimenez has been at the Marechal Kiel
about two weeks. He claims that during
Ezeta's administration as President he
was drafted into the army as a simple pri
vate and subjected to innumerable in
dignities and sufferings on account ol pri
vate enmities between his own family and
that of the President.
General Ezeta, on the other hand, denies
any acquaintance with his assailant, and
seems inclined to attribute his attack to
some slight over-indulgence in liquor.
THE LANTERN PARADE,
Wheelmen Preparing for Their
Coming Public Demon
stration.
A Picturesque Street Pageant With
Music, Bonfires and Pyro
technics.
The lantern parade of the wheelmen of
San Francisco and adjoining cities and
towns, to be held Saturday night, the 25th
inst., promises to be a grandly beautiful
street demonstration. There will be bon
fires, music, fireworks and decorations of
the business houses and dwellings along
the line of tne run. It is expected that
the procession of bicyclists will be headed
by the Alpha Cycling Club (of ladies).
Miss Mahoney captain. Then will follow
in varied colored costumes and upon their
gayly decorated wheels the several clubs
of this City, Oakland, Alameda, Santa
Rosa, Vallejo, San Jose, etc.
At last evening's session of the San
Francisco Cycle Board of Trade J. S. Con
well in the chair, it was decided that the
coming public parade should be officially
designated as "Cyclists' Good Streets
Demonstration." It is to be under the
auspices of the Cycle Board of Trade and
the South Side Improvement clubs.
Instructions were given the secretary to
send invitations to all City officials and to
unattached riders. A general invitation
was also authorized, through tbe press, to
all wheelmen and wheelwomen in this
City and vicinity to turn out Saturday ana
participate in the parade. The Merchants'
Association and the several improvement
clubs were requested to send mounted rep
resentatives to act as aids to the grand
marshal.
The speaker's stand will be erected on
Van Ness avenue near Market street, and
among the orators suggested are J. G.
Macuire, S. M. Shortridge, J. D. Pnelan,
J. H. Barry, J. Richard Freud, Julius i
Kalin, ex-Mayor Ellert, H. B. Russ and
others.
The parade will start from the corner of
Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets and will
be preceded by a platoon of police on
wheels and on horseback.
The sum of $500 has been subscribed so
far and last ni ht James M. Hamilton was
chosen treasurer of tne parade committee,
and J. W. Maguire was authorized to at
tend to the details of the pyrotechnical
display.
The reports of the several subcommit
tees all indicated general enthusiasm,
financial success, a big turnout and a
picturesque demonstration.
ALL WERE SAVED.
Cheougand His Brood Did Not Perish
in the Flame*.
There was considerable excitement yes
terday morning in the vicinity of Monday
night's fire at 721 Jackson street, owing to
the rumor that a family of seven persons
had perished in the flames. The rumor
took all sorts of turns and for a while the
Chinese were much excited.
Later it was found by a count of noses
that all the known inmates of the prem
ises were accounted for. Cheonc and his
family of six, who were thought to have
perished in the flames, turned up all rigtit
yesterday morning.
Sullivan & Sullivan.
Ex-Judge J. F. Sullivan and Matt I. Sullivan
have removed their law offices to Parrott b'ld'g
625-855 Market st. Entrance rm. tilO, 6th floor*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1896.
"DENNY" HALEY'S
DAYS ARE ENDED,
The Old Sportsman and Ex
empt Fireman Died
Monday Last.
BOSS BUCKLEY'S CHUM.
At Ten Years He Boxed So
Well As to Be Termed the
"Boy Wonder."
HIS RECORD FOR HONESTY.
Peculiar Circumstance Connected With
the Starting Point of the Fu
neral Cortege.
"Denny" Haley is dead. And who was
"DeHny" Haley? Go asK the old fire
laddies; inquire of the gray-haired vete-
Denny Haley, the Well-Known Sportsman and Exempt Fireman, Who Died
Last Monday.
rans of the sporting fraternity; take a
trip to Ravenswood and interrogate Chris
topher Buckley. Any of these will tell
you.
What is more, they will all have some
thing good to say. It is safe to assert
that no man can be found In Ban Fian
cisco willing to use a harsh word n re
ferring to the deceased fireman and all
round sportsman. His frienas are legion.
It was in 1862 that Denis Haley left Bos
ton, the place of his birth, and came to
i San Francisco, Dringing with him his
sister and widowed mother. He was an
industrious boy, and managed imme
diately to secure a position as barkeeper
in the old Snug saloon on Washington
street, between Kearny and Montgomery.
His fellow-barkeeper was Christopher A.
Buckley, capitalist and politician. They
began their careers together, Buckley
beine a year the younger of the two. Both
were ambitious and longed for the day to
come when they would be regarded as
powers in the community.
The irony of fate is aptly illustrated by
the subsequent careers of the two men.
Buckley attained his heart's desire; Haley
failed so far as acquiring possession of this
world's goods is concerned, and to-day will
head the procession that is going to march
out to the little plot reserved for exempt
firemen in Laurel Hill Cemetery. It will
be his last eatthly journey.
"Haley was the most considerate boy as
regards his treatment of his mother I have
ever seen," said ex-Senator McCarthy.
"The first of every month he would re-
I ceive his pay and would get home as fast
i as his legs could carry him to give it to
his mother. He never kept a cent him
self; every nickel was dropped in her lap.
When he purchased clothes or otner nec
essaries it was always with money made
on tbe outside.
"When he was a little boy, about 9 or 10
years of age, he was taken up by a Boston
boniface and sport named Jimmy Hart,
and in company with another small chap
was widely exhibited in boxing contests
throughout the whole country. The
youthful pugilists used to draw crowded
houses wherever they were exhibited, and
put up such scientific boxing contests that
they became widely known the 'Boy
Wonders.' "
Senator McCarthy was the proprietor of
the Snug saloon and has much to say con
cerning the friendship existing between
Denny and Chris at that time.
As soon as the youth attained his ma
jority he joined the firemen and used to
pull before old engine 10. Wnen the
Fire Department passed out of existence
by law he became an exempt. The pen
sion he received in his later years for this
service did much to provide him with the
comforts so gratifying to one in ill-health.
Denny's father was a noted athlete of
Boston and kept a handball court there.
From early associations he imbibed a taste
for athletics that clung to him until fail
ing health called a halt.
In early days the region of the Snug
saloon, close to Maguire's old opera
house, was the principal scene of activity
for sportsmen In general.
It was at this opera-house that Haley
gained his reputation as a boxer. He had
an aversion to brutal contests, and would
in no instance enter the ring without the
rules of the agreement calling for purely
scientific boxing.
Alter a while he drifted into the occu
pation of faro-dealing. Whatever may be
said against that method of amassing
wealth, it is admitted by all who are in a
position to know that Denny was as fair
a dealer as ever manipulated a game. In
fact he is said to have been refused a po-
sition by several unscrupulous persons on
the strengtn of the reputation he bad
gained for fairness.
"I have dealt a fair game so long," he
used to remark, "that I wouldn't know
how to. cheat if I wished to."
When Buckley became the local Demo
cratic "boss" he did not forget the chum
of his youthful days, but procured him at
various times positions in the Assessor's
office, both at the old and the new City
hall?.
From the active interest be manifested
in local political affairs he soon became
known to all the leaders. His aspirations
for becoming one of the "great m?n" were
soon dissipated. About four or five years
ago he suffered an attack of dropsy and
was never afterward able to figure promi
nently in the political world.
Whin his old-time chum was deposed
from the leadership of the Democratic
party he was without a situation, and
since then he has depended mostly upon
his pension as an exempt fireman for sup
port.
A few weeks ago he received a stroke of
paralysis, and it was found necessary to
place him where he could De properly pro
vi led for medically. An old friend of the
sporting fraternity, "Paddy" Connor, had
him removed to St. Mary's Hospital.
Monday morning his weakened frame
succumbed to the inroads iv his vitality,
and at 10 a. m. to-day his remains will be
escorted to the Exempt Firemen's plot in
Laurel Hill Cemetery by a delegation from
the fire company and there laid to rest.
Next Christiiias he would have been 52
years old. The direct cause of death was
a cerebral hemorrhage.
A peculiar circumstance in connection
with the funeral is that the cortege will
start from an undertaking establishment
only a few feet from ex Senator McCar
thy's old Snug saloon, the scene of
Denny's early exploits in San Francisco,
and the place where he became the friend
of Christopner Buckley.
BOOTH-TUCKER
WILL BE LEADER,
Big Salvation Army Mass-
Meeting to Be Held
Here.
NOTABLES ARE INVITED.
In Aid of the Land Scheme the
Organization Has Been
Working On.
MAYOR SUTRO MAY PRESIDE.
Colonel Taylor Rogers and Others
Will Address the Assembled
Salvationists.
On the evening of the 27th inst. at
Metropolitan Temple will be held a grand
Salvation Army mass-meeting under the
leadership of Booth-Tucker, the com
mander of the Salvation Army forces in
America, for the purpose of laying before
the people of the Pacific Coast the land
scheme on which the army leaders have
been figuring for years past.
Booih-Tucker, who is now in New York,
will start for California within a few days,
and may bring some of tne officers who
are associated with him there to take part
in the meeting. Here the details will be
arranged with Captain McFee, the local
leader, who has been working quietly on
the scheme for some time past.
The plans as at present outlined call for
delegates from all parts of the State, with
a full representation from all points with
in easy reaching distance of San Francisco.
A special plea will be made to the mer
cantile institutions of San Francisco, and
it is probable that President Dphrmann of
the Merchants' Association will be asked
to preside, though Mayor Sutro has been
invited to attend and may be placed in the
chair.
The main speech will be made by Booth-
Tucker, who is credited with being a
splendid orator, and who thrilled the
thousands who attended the Christian
Endeavor mteting on the steps of the
Capitol at Washington on Saturday last.
He will explain the scheme of the army
and appeal to the assemblage and the
community at large for assistance in car
rying it to a successful conclusion.
Another of tne speakers will be Colonel
Taylor Rogers, Mayor Sutro'a secretary,
who has made a special study of sociology
and appreciates fully the plan which the
army is trying to consummate. He will
speak on the "Mutual Relationship Be
tween the State and the Individual."
Other prominent citizens will be asked to
address the audience.
The land scheme of the Salvation Army
is similar in some ways to many co-opera
tive colony plans that have been tried in
this country with varying success, but it
is not likely that any of those tuat have
gone before have had behind them the
life and energy instilled by the leaders of
the army.
It is the intention to provide a home,
food and employment for the deserving
poor, who, through misfortune or lack of
opportunity, have been prevented from
making a living and to make their em
ployment pay lor the food, clothing and
shelter and more if it wiil. Not only will
those who have always Jed respectable
lives be taken in, but even the tramps,
the wanderers of tne earth and the out
casts from society, if they show a sufficient
inclination to change their lives and be
come useful citizens. No man's past will
be allowed to militate against him in the
colony nor will any man's past be flaunted
in his face unless he desires himself to
make it public.
It is a theory of the Salvation Army
that the easiest way to reach a man a
heart and draw him away from sin and
evil environments is to work through his
stomach— give him good food and warm
raiment, and on this plan all the calcula
tions of the colony will bs based.
A tract of land will be procured ready
for cultivation if possible, or land that
can be cleared for cultivation, and as many
men as can be relied upon to work and
earn their living will be put to work on it.
The product over «nd above what is used
on the place will be sold to buy clothes
and other necessities for the farmers, and
to procure more land and tools to work it.
Captain McFee has recently been look
ing at one large body of land in Santa
Clara County, near the bay, and anotner
near Petaluma Creek, in Sonoma County,
and both have struck him as being re
markably favorable for the project. If
either should be selected the army would
purchase steam launches or small steam
freighters to carry merchandise and pas
sengers to and from the farms and bring
the produce to the City for sale.
It is only aimed to make the ranches
and the occupants self-supporting, but
profits will not be despised should they
come.
Booth-Tucker, who is to lead th*> move
ment that ia expected to prove to the peo
ple of San Francisco that the scheme is
worth their moral and financial support,
is one of the most striking figures in the
Salvation Army to-day. Not a great many
years ago, then plain Tucker, he was a
judge in India with a fat salary, much in
fluence and a brilliant judicial career be
fore him. During a visit to London he
heard of the Stolvarion Army work, investi
gated it, became satisfied that it was
worthy and ended by resigning his jude
ship to accept a commission in the army.
Later he married one of General Booth's
daughters, annexing his name to hers,
and when the split in the arniy occurred
and Ballington Booth separated from the
old body ue was sent to America as com
rnander-in-chief. This will be his second
visit to the PaciGc Coast, his last being at
tho time of his wife's illness in this city,
when he came here to take her East.
PINEAPPLE DEAL.
It B«anlta Disastrously for Banat
Marane.
Banat Marane of 444 Jersey street swore
to a complaint in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday for the arrest of K.
Abrams on the charge of embezzlement.
Recently he and Abrams formed a part
nership in tlie fruit business and went to
Santa Cruz. Abrams suggested, as there
was a scarcity of pineapples there, it
would be a paying scheme to buy up as
much of the fruit as possible and corner
tbe Santa Cruz market.
Marane was embused with the idea, and
readily gave Abrams $150 to come to this
City and buy pineapples. That was several
days ago, but Abr^ams has not bought any
pineapples, nor can he be found in tbe
City.
Nellman Pasties Away.
Peter Nellman, a peddler, who was taken to
the Receiving Hospital on the afternoon of
July 11 and later removed to the City and
County Hospital, died at the last-named place
yesterday. The deceased was found in a closet
of the lower fiat 1304 Pow ill street. He was
lying on a mattress and was unconscious.
After his removal to the City and County Hos
pital be twice regained consciousness, but was
too weak to give an account of himself. The
physicians are unable to assign any cause for
Nellman's death. Au autopsy will be held to
day.
new TO ' DAT ~ DRl^*°^ssr^__. -_-_--,
DRESS GOODS!
DRESS GOODS!
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING
OF
ELEGANT DRESS GOODS !
Commencing Monday, July t3th, and
continuing during the balance of this month,
we will offer EXTRAORDINARY VAL(JES in
COLORED AND BLACK DRESS GOODS.
NOTE THE PRICES!
50 pieces 52-INCH NOVELTY SUITINGS, in a great variety
of colorings, all new g00d5. .... . . . . sOc per yard
Regular price $1.00. '
75 pieces 48-INCH NOVELTY CHECKS, all wool, and silk and
wool, the newest colorings and styles- • 75c per yard
":£/;;.. ;Worth $1.00 and $1.26.
36 pieces ALL-WOOL DIAGONALS (in Navys and Black
only), full 50 inches in width .. . . . sOc per yard
: ;;v Regular value 85c.
27 pieces GENUINE FRENCH DIAGONAL (wide wale), full
48 inches wide, in Browns, Greens, Bines, Cream
and 81ack. .. .............. . . . . 75 C per yard
Worth $1.25.
5 eases 46-INCH FRENCH AND ENGLISH SERGES, in all the
new colorings, also 81ack...... 50c per yard
' ■ ■ '' Worth 75c.
NOTE.—The above are all NEW GOODS,
imported by us direct from the manufactur-
ers, and at the prices quoted are exceptional
bargains. . ■) ;
—^^— — —^^—— >^—i^ — — — _^—— — —^~ ■■■
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
HIGH RUSSIAN OFFICIAL
Lieutenant-General Kolokoltzoff
of Naval Admiralty
Council.
Was Long Superintendent of Russia's
Great Gun Factory— Here With
His Son.
Lieutenant-General A. Kolokoltzoff, one
of the highest officers in the service of the
Emperor of Russia, is at the Palace on his
way to Vladivostock, on the coast of
Siberia, where he will make some special
investigations for the military department
of his government, ■
The general is accompanied by his son, a
student in the university at St. Peters
burg. Next week they will resume their
journey, the plan being to spend some
time in Japan before going to the Siberian
coast.
General Kolokoltzoff was superintendent
for a number of years af the great govern
ment gun factory in St. Petersburg, where
are made all the big steel cannon used by
Russia. For his services in that connec
tion the general has received much pra^e
from the Russian Government and has
been elaborately decorated by the Em
peror.
He is now a member of the Naval Admir
alty Council, a position accorded only to
those very high in the service. The ranic
he holds at present is the highest in the
Russian naval service. At the time of his
superintendency of the gun works he was
a rear-admiral, and in Russia to be a rear
admiral a man must command tne squad
ron.
General Kolokoltzoff is a sturdy built,
average sized, full bearded man appar
ently between 55 and 60 years of age.
PERJURY CHARGED.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Meyer
Livingston, Junk- Dealer.
Attorney Frank Shay swore to a com
plaint in Judge Campbell's court yester
day afternoon charging Meyer Livingston,
a partner of the insolvent firm of Living
ston Brothers, junk-dealers, Beale street,
with perjury.
The complaint alleges that Livingston,
during his examination of July 3 in De
partment 10 of the Superior Court, testi
fied that the chief cause for the farm's fail
ure was that on May 20 some person un
known stole $3300, which was in his house
at 314 Fremont street. It is charged that
in making this statement Livingston com
mitted perjury.
Ticket Not Forthcoming.
A. Ottinger, the ticket-broker, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
charging M. Goldstein with misdemeanor em
bezzlement. According to Ottinger's story
Goldstein bought a ticket from his ngent in
Chicago for a round trip via San Francisco and
Los Angeles, Goldstein contracting to sur
render the unused portion to Ottinger ui>on
his arrival here. This Goldstein refuses to do
Wanted in Santa Rosa.
Daniel Whelan was booked at the City Prison
yesterday en route to Santa Rosa, where he is
wanted for embezzlement. He was arrested in
Astoria and brought back by Deputy Sheriff
Norton of Santu Rosa. Whelan. who is only 21
years of age, was the agent for the Continental
B V 1 i d i?l A nd Loan and absconded
with $1300. __^
When Baby was sick, we ga-f e her Castoria. "
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria,
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria,
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
BUSINESS 18 ALWAYS DULL IN JULY,
and in order to stimulate It we have reduced
this elegant $3 shoe to $1.90. It is a ladies' fine
Paris kid, cloth top, lace boot, with needle toe and
patent leather tip, exactly as show • in above cat.
All sizes and widths. This is an opportunity which
you should not miss. We are also
Closing Out Tan Shoes.
The $3.00 Lace or Button Boots $2.15
The $2.50 Southern Ties..:.. 1.95
The $2.00 Oxford Ties... ;. 1.45
The -Visses' Tan Button Spring Heel, sizes
ii toss. ....:.. i.is
■ i ■
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
■ •'' Country orders' receive prompt attention.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-j
. ing room, -Bedroom and> Oi7K Aft
Kitchen ..J $ /O.UU
Fine selected Ash Bedroom) Qi /» K (\
Suit, 6 pieces, Bevel mirror,) «plO.Ol/
Parlor Suit, upholstered in) Qi)i) KA
silk brocatelle ;.....;.... ...f tD&£'V\J
Handsome Sideboard.... .... f §10.00
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases,} GJ_ AA
highly polished ;.) «jJrr«Uv
■:. ... And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) KA pf «
Brussels and Ingrains, >• ■O\J;\JV&
sewed, laid and lined. . ) and upward
Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. Goods
packed and • shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Inspection cordially mv.ted and
credit extended to all. .
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224. 228/ 239 and 306 and 308
STOCKTON STREET,
.». And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone. Main 1328. ' Open Evenings
co jsivr o !=• o xjIT-A-iw .
Opposite U."& Mint, 101) ana 10 J Fiftt»:st, S»a
i rancisco, Cai.— The mos: select family ho:»l in
the city. Board »vi room, *1, >!■ -5 and 41 53 p»-
c»y according to room. Weals -so. Ho-juu, jj^
-and 760 » day. « i'rea coach to aifci from' las hot«L
Look, lor th» coacu iwnnu;tuu nama of iv« Oa«-
UopoUtaa lioieL - fflL i'aUKY. f ropri»;j£»
NOTARY PUBLIC.
fiHAKLES H. - .pillLiai'S. ' ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public 633 Market st» oppo-
wie Palace HoteL Telephone 5 7U. KeaidtOQ* ltua
i'eUtt. Telephone "flat" Wtfi, M